VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 132.
PURSUIT MADE
IN THE NIGHT
Spaniards Are Adopting New
Tactics in Fighting
Cubans.
INSURGENTS IN A TRAP.
An Ambush by an Overwhelm
ing Force Results in Nine
Being Killed.
AGAIN THE TORCH IS USED.
Patriots Burn Sixty-two Houses at
La S.lud, Province of
Havana.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 9.— Maeeo is now
at Le Chuza. (ieneral Arolas reports from
the trocha, the fortified line across the
isiand. that while reconnoitering on the
Carlotta, Neptuno and Jobo estates he met
a rebel party under Carillo, who intended
to pass the line near San Bob. In the
fighting that followed the rebels lost one
killed, five wounded and six prisoners.
The insurgents have burned sixty-two
ises and huts at La Salad," province of
Havana.
General Ochando, chief of staff, recently
anncmnced that the Spanish columns
would operate at night. The lirst report
under this order comes from the com
mandant of the town of Aguacate, who
arranged an. ambush of 100 troops. A
rebel party marched into the trap and it is
known that nine were killed. It is sup
posed that their losses were heavier than
this. The troops lost one killed and live
wounded.
Tie official news received here of the
movements of the rebels shows that they
I to cross f lie Spanish trocha between
Mania and .Majar.a in the Havana prov
ince.
- all parties of rebel? are reported to be
reconnoitering the line near Artemosia
and General Arolaa with a column of
Bpamsh troops is pursuing them.
■ Calebrara Rogue, a member of
Gomez's band, who waa bo have been shot
in the Cabanas fortres> this morning, has
bad >iis sentence com muted to imprison
ment fur life.
sr.u.y rß eta Hi:s for war.
l>cftn*r* Stvnuthened and Torpetloet
Placed In J'onirton.
LONDON, Em©., April 0. — A dispatch
from Madrid to the Central News says that
for a month past the work of Btrenicthen
ing the defenses of the various ports has
been carried on. Torpedoes have been laid
at the entrances to the harbors and else
where and heavy guns have been mounted
in the forts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 0.-The
President has not given any intimation as
to what his ac-ti'in will be in re.ard to the
-. Cuban resolutions. The many rumors on
the subject Beem to be unfounded.
-\O LAW AGAINST 1 ILIIIUSTERS.
An Argunftit in .-,./#« of JUen Con-
nrctril U.t.i ).<■ 1,. , iii ud a.
NEW YORK, N. V., April P.— The ex
amination of witnesses was resumed to
day at the conclusion of the trial of John
D. Hart. < aptain Samuel Hughes, Captain
Lawrence Brabazon, Benjamin Guerrero
and Bernardo J. Bueno, who are accused
of bavins been concerned in the alleged
. expedition on board the steamship
Bermuda. The Government rested its case
:':ornoon.
■\Vhen the jury went out at recess Mr.
]1 :iriian a*ked the court that the state
ments of Buenu and Captain Brabazon, as
to their connection with the Bermuda
affair, he binding as against the other de
;'• : iants. Upon the reopening of court
Brown denied the motion.
Mr. Ivins then addressed the court, as
serting that there was no Jaw to prevent
any citizen of the United States from going
to another country and lighting in any
cause. He had not concluded when the
court adjourned until to-morrow.
SEUIor.S RATTLE FOUGHT.
It 1b Rrportrd That the Insurgent Lobs
Warn Heavy.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9. -A Herald
special from Havana says: Reports have
reached here of a serious battle between
Spanish troops and a strong body of in-
Dts, who made an assault upon the
strategic Government Hup in Havana
province, with the intention of crossing it.
It l- rumored that the rebel loss was very
heavy.
A" Ah S .-, t, A MA F FA LL.
Serinu* Jtnpnrt of the Defeat of the
Italians at Juertiff'.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9.— A special
cable to tbe Herald from Rome says: The
defeat of the Italian- at Tucruf, the real
»xtpiit of which si ill remains concealed,
!-'-<:iis likely to be the preface to the tak
inp of Ftiniwln.
This place has been vigorously attacked
since yesterday. The Fanfulla advocates
the abandonment of Africa, anticipating
other senoaa disasters. The Capitale as
■ " hat the Ne?us has cut off the legs of
» thonsand <>f bis prisoners.
Baldisaera is preparing to send
l;< • !• to A.ii^r»t to prevent the place from
i.tKin. Tbe diplomatic attempt of
LuKJan I to obtain the co-ODerution of
ita ' i:' tbe Soudan has com
pletely failed.
lti<:ehaded With lee.
ST. JOHNS, N. f., April a— The east
ern coast of The island is as:ain blockaded
with ice, npon which are hundreds of
seals. A large number of men along the
centured on the ice to-day, going out
several hundred miles. A severe snow
storm -[.rang up in the afternoon render
ing their progress toward the land impos
sible and it It feared that many of them
will fio adrift. It is difficult to ascertain
the number endangered.
A« Promise to tkm Power*.
LONDON, Eng., Aprils.— ln the House
The San Francisco Call
of Commons to-day Under Foreign Secre
tary Curzon, in reply to questions, stated
that the Government had not promised
any foreign power that the Egyptian
forces should not advance upon the valiey
of the Nile beyond Dongola. Mr. Chamber
lain, Secretary of State for the Colonies,
stated that President Kruger of the Trans
vaal republic has made no reply to his
(Chamberlain's) invitation to visit Eng
land.
I'TjEJOS for uxmsiinAL PEACE.
Cardinal Hatnpolla State* the Views of
the J*ope.
LONDON, Exg., April 9.— The Pope,
through Cardinal Rampolla, Papal Secre
tary of State, has addressed to the Chron
icle a letter, of which the following is a
translation:
"Among the most precious gifts the
Divine Redeemer bestowed upon the
world was that of peace, and no better
desire ran exist than that peace should
reign on earth.
"Justly, therefore, the sovereign Pontiff.
as vicar of the ethereal I'rince of Peace,
desires and co-operates with every effort
toward the maintenance of concord and a
union of hearts among the nations. On
this account his Holiness, being informed
by me of the earnestness with which you
are promoting the institution of a per
manent tribunal for the purpose of decid
ing international controversies and safe
guarding the people from the perils of war,
cannoi but show his satisfaction and ex
press the wish that God will happily crown
your praiseworthy efforts with success.
"Rampolla."
KILLED DAUGHTER AND LOVER.
After Committing a Double Murder John
Brooks Blows Himself Into
Eternity.
BRENHAM, Tex., April 9.— News has
been received from Millican of a dreadful
tragedy at that place this morning. John
Brooks, hearing that his daughter Mollie
was on her way to Bryan with A. C. Wor
rells, a sweetheart, for the purpose of get
ting married, hurried after them to pre
vent it. He found them at the railroad
station just on the point of boarding a
train.
He drew out a pistol and fired several
shots at the couple, both of whom was
killed. Then before anything could be
done to stop him he dashed away and
made his escape. He hurried to a stone
quarry near Millican, where he seated him
self on a box of dynamite. Then explod
ing the dynamite he was torn to pieces.
PLOTS AT A PENITENTIARY.
Prisoners Conspired to Blow Up the Walls
With Dynamite Next
Sunday.
FRANKFORT. Ky., April 9.— Warden
Nell to-day discovered a daring plot to
blow up the penitentiary walls with dyna
mite and allow the prisoners to escape.
The plot was laid by Will Clark and a
prisoner named bweeney, both life men
from Louisville, who planned to secure
dynamite and nitro-plycerine, which was
to he used next Sunday in blowing up the
walls.
In the excitement they hoped to make
their escape. Tiieir plot was foiled by the
interception of a letter which Clark had
written to his sweetheart in Louisville di
recting her to secure the dynamite. The
letter was given to a trusty named Butler,
wlio, in attempting to post it, was discov
ered by a guard.
FIRE HAS BEEN PUT OUT
But the Seven Imprisoned Men
Perished in the Hope
Mine.
The Shaft Filled With Burned Tim
bers and Bodies of the Victims
Cannot Be Reached.
BUTTE, MOST., April 9.— Dispatches
from Basin to-day are to the effect that
the fire in the Hope mine has been extin
guished, but that the seven imprisoned
miners are dead without doubt, as nothing
could be heard from them. They are:
John Buckley, shift boss; Pat Buckley,
Martin Sullivan, Hugh McKeown, Barney
Wall, Will Belden and Ed McArthur.
The snaft is filled with burned timbers,
but that would not prevent the voices of
the men being heard if they were alive,
and therefore it is believed positively that
they are dead.
It wiil be several days before the bodies
can be rescued. The origin of the tire ia
still unknown. Snift Boss Buckley was
the only married man among the victims.
WILL TAKE THE CREES.
Canada Ready to Look After Oiirasr-
Breeding Indians.
HELENA, Moxt., April 9.— Governor
Rickards has received a letter from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs for the
Northwest Territories of Canada, notifying
him the Dominion Government was will
ing to take charge of all Cree Indians and
requesting that they be delivered to him
not later than May 1 next. The letter was
sent to Secretary Olney, because the mat
ter is international, with the request that
the offer be accepted in final settlement of
the vexatious question. Several thousand
of the disease-breeding Crees from Canada
roam over the northwestern border States,
Montana having been especially attlicted
with them.
I>IEI> OA A TRAIN.
Bernard Frankfield, a San Francisco
Jeweler, Succumbs to Apoplexy.
CLINTON, lowa, April 9.-When the
Chicago and Northwestern train, due here
at 1:30 p.m., arrived to-d,iy, it brought
the remains of a passenger found dead on
the train.
He was last seen alive about two hours
before reaching here. The remains were
taken from the train and an inquest
was held. His identity was disclosed
as Bernard Frankrield, conducting
a San Francisco branch house of
Frankfield & Co., jewelers of New York.
He carried among other valuable papers
on his person a note from his firm for
$8000, payable on demand. The remains
will be sent East. He died of apoplexy.
Superintendent at West I'oint.
EL PASO, Tex., April 9.— Captain Jacob
Auger of Troop A, Fifth United States
Cavalry, stationed at Fort Bliss, has re
ceived official notice from Washington of
his appointment as superintendent at
West Point Mil'tary Academy for four
years beginning July 1 next. He succeeds
Captain Mills of the Third United States
Artillery, whose detail has expired.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1896.
•M've got the push and I've got the pull."
ARMENIANS ARE
YET IN TERROR.
Suffering of a Persecuted
People Increased by the
Turks.
DEATHS FROM EXPOSURE
Other Unfortunates Killed for Not
Surrendering Their Faith to
Moslems.
PROGRESS OF RELIEF WORK
Now the Porte Gives Assurances That
Missionaries Will Not Be
Molested.
BOSTON, Mass., April 9.— Letters re
ceived in Boston state that there is much
suffering in all the regions about as well as
in Bitlis, Eastern Turkey, some having
died from hunger and exposure in the
provinces, while others have been killed if
they did not surrender their faith. Fifteen
hundred dollars has been sent on from
England, but it is nearly all expended and
more relief funds are needed.
The relief work in Erzeroum, Eastern
Turkey, grows. Assistance is given to be
tween 20,000 and 25,000 people. More than
half of the Armenian population of this
province is in extreme destitution. There
must be at least 70,000 people in the
province in distress. The emigration to
Russia continues.
The need will not pass for a long time.
This relief must be kept up for a month at
least. The outlook is still very cloudy.
The attitude of the Turks ke^ps the Ar
rrenianß in terror, and everybody is wait
ing for spring in the deepest anxiety.
In Harpoot, Eastern Turkey, relief work
has reached 60,000 people. New villages
crop up almost every day —villages never
heard of before. Great caution is used to
keep people off the list who can possibly
get other means to lire.
The past ten days— the letter is dated
March 7 — has witnessed quite an increase
in the fear and anxiety of the people. The
Armenians, of course, are extremely timid,
and the attitude of the Turks has been
such as to increase their alarm.
Notwithstanding rumors to the con
trary, Clara Barton cables the New Eng
land Armeniun Relief Committee of
Boston of her successful work aB follows:
"News from expeditions jvist received
«hows our relief work firmly established.
In no manner do authorities endeavor to
control our actions. The latest reports re
ceived by the committee state that the
suffering is intense and that many in their
despondency are diiven to suicide."
ASSURANCES OJT THE PORTE.
Missionaries Will JS'ot Be Jurthr r
Molested.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey, April 9.—
The Porte, in reply to the representa
tions made to it by John W. Riddle,
American Charge d' Affaires, and Sir
Philip Currie, the British Embassador, has
given positive assurances to them that the
missionaries will in no wise be molested
while they conform to the laws of the
country.
The high-handed action of the authori
ties at Bitlis in expelling the American
missionary, Rev. Mr. Knapp, is regarded
here as a serious menace to all charitable
work in Anatolia. The action of the Gov
ernment was probably taken in obedience
to orders from the palace — not from the
Porte. Dispatches from Diarbekir state
that Knapp is the guest of the Vali of that
place, being treated with every possible
consideration.
SiSFOUB BJSZECT COMPAJSY.
Baptism of the HuHjUttr of the Grand
Duke Michael.
CANNES, France, April 9.— An ex
tremely select company assembled in the
Russian church this morning to witness
the baptism of a daughter born to the
Grand Duke Michael, son of the Grand
Duke Michael-Nicolaevitch of Russia and
wife Sotia, formerly the Countess of Mer
enberg. The Prince of Wales and the
Grand Duchess of -Mecklenburg-Schwerin
were the sponsors for the infant. The
child is the fruit of a morganatic marriage
which took place at San Remo in 1891 and
resulted in putting the Grand Duke in
disfavor at the St. Petersburg court.
Czar Alexander 111 dismissed him from
the army, in which he was reinstated by
the present Emperor, who restored him to
favor.
OLYMPIC GAMES AT ATHENS.
Athletic Contests in the S tad ion Followed by
Beautiful Illuminations at
Might.
ATHENS, Greece, April 9.— This was
the fourth day of the Olympic games.
The weather, which had hitherto been
mild, changed to-day ;ind was excessively
cold. This had a marked effect upon the
attendance, which showed a material fall
ing off. None of the American athletes
were entered in to-day's events. It is ex
pected that a large crowd will he present
to-morrovr to witness the finals in several
of the running races.
The first event to-day was a shooting
contest at 200 meters, it was won by M.
Karaszvdas. a Greek, who with forty shots
scored 588 points. M. Pa vl ides, another
Greek, was second with 41*4. Third and
fourth places were also won by Greeks, the
foreign competitors following after them.
The Austrian, Flack, •.'in the SCO meters
race. His time was 2 minutes, 11 seconds.
A Dane was second. A saber contest be
iween Georgiades and Karacales was won
by the former. There were several g3'm
nastic contests in which Greeks carried off
the honors.
The city continuf-s thronged with visit
ors, the places of those who have left be
ing filled by newcomers. Among the
strangers present are many who have come
from the Riviera. King Alexander, the
young ruler of Servia, was again to-day an
interested spectator of the games. A ban
quet in his honor will be given at the pal
ace to-night and there will be a repetition
of the illumination of the Acropolis and
the city, which for beauty exceeds any
thing of the kind ever seen here.
COMMITTED FOR TRIAL.
Gardiner Williams Held on a
Charge of Supplying Arms
to Uitlanders.
The Accused Mining Engineer Makes
an Explanation of His
Acts.
CAPE TOWN, Sot-th Africa, April 9.—
Gardiner Williams, an American, general
manager of the De Beers Mining Com
pany, who was arrested at Kimberley on
March 5, charged with having supplied
arms to the Uitlanders of the Rand to be
used in their threatened revolt against the
Transvaal Government, has been com
mitted for trial.
Mr. Williams stated that the arms and
ammunition were consigned to him at
Kimberley by the British South Africa
Company with instructions* to store them.
He had done so and had not removed
them or caused them to be removed. He
was, however, aware that an official of the
British South Africa Company had or
dered that a portion of the military sup
plies he forwarded to Johannesburg. The
Government hah seized the De Beers mine,
the sole owner of which is the British
South Africa Company.
RETREAT Of THE DERVISHES.
Follower* of the Khali fa Have Withdrawn
to Ozobri.
ROME, Itat-y, April 9.— A dispatch from
Massowah says thai Colonel Stephani re
ports that in consequence of the attacks
made by him upon the dervish entrench
ments in the vicinity of Kassnla and other
Italian attacks, the followers of the
Khalifa have quitted their camp at Tucruf
and withdrawn to Ozobri. The dervishes,
he adds, abandoned their wounded, their
supplies and a number of mules.
Cholera at Alexandria.
LONDON, KM.) April 9.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Cairo saying that cholera has ap
peared at Alexandria. Several natives and
an English merchant have died of the
disease.
yo Progress With the Hill.
OTTAWA, Ontario, April 9.— No prog
ress in the House of Commons is being
made with the remedial bill. The House
has been in session since Monday after
noon.
Heath of a Xoterf Aclretm.
PARIS, France, April 9.— Mile. Anais
Fargneil, formerly a well-known beautiful
French actress, is dead. She was born in
Toulouse Marcn 21. 1819.
WAS URGED ON
BY THE DEVIL
Peculiar Story of the Lad
Who Murdered a
Family.
YOUNG COTTEL'S CRIME.
With a Baseball Bat He Went
Out 'in the Night and Killed
Five Persons.
FLORA STONE WAS SPARED.
Did Not Slay On? cf the Inmates
of the House Because He
Loved Her.
AKRON, Ohio, April 9.— "The devil
told me to do it," exclaimed John Smith,
the murderer of the Stone family at Tall
madge, when taxed with the crime to-day.
"I went to bed at 8 o'clock on the night
the Stones were murdered, and after 1 had
laid there a little while the devil got hold
of me and told me to go and kill the Stone
family. 1 got up, dressed, and went down
stairs. I took an old pair of pants, and
tearing two holes in them for my eyes
made a mask that covered my face and
hung down below my knees.
"Then I took the baseball bat that was
In the woodshed and started for the Stone
house. I got there, and taking the ladder
from the barn placed it against the house
and climbed up and looked into the room
where Flora and Hattie were in bed. They
were both asleep. I looked through the
window a moment, then went down the
ladder and walked around to the side
door. Through this I entered Mr. and
Mrs. Stone's bedroom. I hit the old man
on the head twice with the bat. Then I
hit Mrs. Stone.
"When they were dead, I went up to Ira
Stillson's room and knocked him in the
head. Then I took Stillson's jackknife
from his pocket and went back to the old
people's room. I cut them up because the
devil urged me to do it. Then I went
nack upstairs and knocked Emma and
Hattie in the head. I didn't try to kill
Flora, but don't know why unless it was
because I loved her."
John Smith is the assumed name of a
seventeen-year-old Slav boy. His real
name is Romulus Cottel.
AN INDIAN ELOPEMENT.
Red Hand Overtakes His Runaway Squaw,
but Finally Surrenders Her to
Black Bear.
WICHITA, Kans., April 9.— Near Wa
tonga, O. T., Black Bear, an Arapahoe,
stole the pretty wife of Red Hand, and on
spirited horses hurried her away toward
the Indian Territory. Red Hand, on
learning what had happened, picked out
three of the best horses in his corral, and
with two friends started in hot pursuit.
The chase was kept up day and night for
two days, and Wednesday evening Black
Bear and his captive fell into the hands of
the pursuing party. It then came out
that BlacK Bear had stolen the affections
of his captive. She begged her husband
not to compel her to return, saying that
she did not love him. After a long parley
it was decided that the squaw should get a
divorce an' 4 marry her captor. Black Bear
giving Red Hand ten ponies as a peace
offering.
STARVED TO itKATH IX A. CKLKAJt.
Miserable I''nte of a Miner Worth Over a
Million.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9.— John ±>u
gelsey was found dead in the back cellar
room of a tenement bouse at 206 East
Tenth street Tuesday morning. Despite
his apparent poverty he owned more than
$1,500,000 in real estate in Brooklyn, Balti
more and Florida. He was about seventy
five years of age and had been living for
the last rive months in the miserable tene
ment cellar, which he rented for $3 a
month.
The body of the old man was in a fear
fully emaciated condition. He had evi
dently died of starvation. He was buried
to-day in the potter's field. During the
war he owned a ship, which was sunk by
the Government for carrying contraband.
The ship was worth $40,000 and be has
been suing the Government ever since,
for restitution. His body will be resur
rected and given a burial more in keeping
with his wealth.
FATAL SIEGE OF HICCOUGH.
All Remedies Fail to Relieve a Young Woman
and She Dies From Ex
haustion.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., April 9.— Miss
Emma Fennelly, an estimable young lady
residing on First avenue, died yesterday
of exhaustion following a prolonged siege
of hiccough. Miss Fennelly was seized
with hiccoughs on Thursday last. All
efforts to stop them proved unavailing.
On Friday morning they were so violent
that they interfered with her eating and a
physician was sent for.
He prescribed the remedies that as a
rule are efficient and pave her narcotics.
While they gave her some rest the hic
coughs continued and Sunday she was in
in exhausted state. The constant hic
coughing with but slight intermission
caused a soreness of the abdomen, making
every hiccough painfu! to the extreme.
Sunday, Monday and Tuesday Miss Fen
nelly continued to hiccough in spite of all
the remedies given her. She was unable
to retain food upon her stomach and was
in an exhausted condition.
Hypodermic injections of stimulants
were given her along with remedies calcu
lated to cause a partial paralysis of the
diaphragm without any result. Her death
occurred after a particularly severe attack.
DEBS' OFFICIAL CIRCULAR.
Asks That Peace and Harmony, Good Will
and Brotherly Love Prevail in
the A. R. U.
TERRE HAUTE, Ixd., April 9.—Presi
dent ])ebs of the American Railway Union
has i.ssued an official circular. In it he
states that at the end of the biij strike of
1893 many members were admitted with
out the payment of the $1 membership
fee and that this sum must be paid by all
members this year. It further states that
all telegraph operators, whether railroad
or commercial, are eligible to member
ship; also female railroad employes and
ex-railroad employes upon receiving a
two-thirds vote of a union. He concludes:
"Let peace and harmony, good will and
brotherly love prevail everywhere. We
must rise far above the dissensions, bick
erings and petty jealousies of petty men,
and with a realizing .sense of the responsi
bility that rests upon us, the importance
of the work there is before us and the
gravity of the industrial situation that
confronts us, we must press forward in
one solid phalanx to fight for the noble
mission of our order."
To Exchange the Honda.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9.-It is
learned that the holders of about $5,000,000
of the general first mortgage bond? of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company have
agreed to exchange their bonds for the 4
per cent prior lien mortgage bonds of the
reorganized company on the terms offered
in the plan of reorganization, namely, 135
per cent in new bonds and cash for the
coupons of the 3 per cent due July 1, 1896.
It is understood that the proposition to ex
change the general mortgage firsts upon
the terms named in the plan will not be
held open indefinitely.
BILL RAIDLER IS GUILTY.
Conviction of the Notorious
Outlaw for Attempted
Mail Robbery.
Murder Among the Crimes Committed
by the Desperado and
His Associates.
WICHITA, Kans., April 9.— 8i1l Raidler,
the notorious outlaw whose trial on the
charge of attempted mail robbery at
Dover, 0. T., on the night of April 3, 1895,
has been in progress in the United States
District Court, at Kingfisher, since the Ist
inst., was found guilty to-day. The pen
alty has not yet been lixed. There was no
evidence is defense, Raidler's attorneys
making their fight on the fact that the
desperadoes did not enter the mailcar
and that the mails were not touched. The
defense practically admitted that Raidler
participated in the train robbery. Notice
of an appeal to the Supreme Court was
given. At the Dover robbery the robbers
made only a small haul, and to add to
their ill luck was the fact thai United
States Marshals were near by, and the
Rock Island Railway on which the robbery
occurred furnished the oilicers almost im
mediate transportation to a point near
which it was supposed that the outlaws
would ride after leaving the train.
Concerned in the perpetration of this
robbery was BUI Raidler, Tulsa Jack,
Bitter Creek, Charles Pearce and Red
Buck. Others may have engaged in it, but
their names are not known. Almost im
mediately after the robbery the Rock
Island Railway furnished transportation
to deputies in special cars together with
their horses, from El Reno, where they
were stationed, to a point near Dover. At
Dover the deputies took up the chase on
horse back and trailed the outlaws to a
point about forty miles west of Dover.
There they surprised the robbers and in
the light that ensued Tulsa Jack was killed
and Pearce was badly wounded. The
other outlaws escaped and Hed toward
Payne County. On their way one of them,
supposed to be Raidler, shot and killed an
aged preacher without any provocation
whatever.
The following August Raidler was lo
cated in the Cherokee Nation and shot by
Marshals, but not fatally. In September,
18O.">. Deputy United Stat s Mars.iaL Bill
Tilghman, who afterward captured Biil
Doolin, shot Raidler in the head and arm
and captured him. Among the robberies
which Doolin and Raidler are charged
with is a $10,C00 bank robbery at Long
view, Tex. ; the Santa Fe train robbery at
i'ryor Creek in Indian Territory ; the
bank robbery at Mound Valley, Kans. ;
the Dover and Cimarron train robberies;
the Caneyville (Kans.) robbery, and num
erous others. Besides these Raidler and
Bitter Creek are charged with a f 10,000
robbery at Woodward, O. T., the money
being intercepted on its way from the
United States paymaster to Government
troops.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MARE ISLAND'S
ROSE CARNIVAL
Beautiful Displays Made<
in the Big Street
Pageant.
SOCIETY PEOPLE PARADE »
Floats and Carriages Tastefully.
Decorated in Flowers of
All Hues.
BLUEJACKETS IN THE LINE.
Men From the Warships in Gorgeous
Array Increase the Splendor
of tbe Scenes.
VALLEJO, Cai... April 9.— Mare Island's
rose carnival will long be remembered as
one of the bright epochs in the history of
tne naval station. Most beautiful were
the displays in the procession.
For the past few wi'eks arrangements
have been made under the direction of
Mrs. Captain H. L. Howison and Mrs. Pay
master H. T. Bkelding and Otbei ladies at
the station to have at the close of the
Lenten season a rose carnival. The one
to-day was the final culmination of much,
labor and many day dreams. All day long
the sky was threatening and interspersed
with heavy showers of rain, but nothing
stands in the way of those inured to mili
tary or naval life, and an order once pro
mulgated is seldom countermanded.
Promptly at 2 o'clock the line of march
\va3 taken up from the commandant's
quarters, and proceeded on out toward
the Naval Hospital. The Independence
band led the march, followed by a platoon
of marines clad as the first Roman soldiers,
their costume being green waistcoats,
scarlet breech and white leggings reach
ing from the hips down. Each gladiator
bore a myrtle-trimmed, round shield in
one hand, and a long spear in the other.
Their heads were bound in wreaths of
myrtle; two little tots acted as standard
bearers. The leader rode a black charger.
Following came a platoon of Roman
guards, clad in blue with scarlet shoulder
scarfs. They hauled a Gatling gun
trimmed in flowers of various hues. The
American flag in each of the platoons
formed a conspicuous part in the display,
as it did in the various squads of footmen.
The gunboat Uennington sent a detach
ment of bluejackets, dragging a large
float, representing a gig, trimmed in white
md green. They made a creditable ap
pearance in the line of march.
The monitor Monadnock, just from the
lower coast, arrived in ample time to tit
up a float, representing the monitor, with
her long guns pointing fore and aft. The
representation was a good one, even to the
arrangement of heavy smoke issuing
from the stack. This float was drawn by
fifty stalwart bluejackets. •■
The receiving ship Independence sent
three detachments, each one dragging
howitzers appropriately decorated with,
flowers. The lirst detachment was manned
by marines clad in red, the trimmings of
the gun carriage being composed of rich,
red roses. The next division was comp
osed of sailors in white uniforms, the
trimmings of the guns being of white
roses. The third division was clothed in
blue, with trimmings of the carriages and
guns in violets.
Following the footmen and led by Pay
master Stanton as field marshal astride of
a coal-black charger with a wreath of red
roses about the horse's neck tne carriages
came. The commandant's barouche was
completely enveloped in myriads of snow
balls. The white harness and the black
horses were in marked contrast. The oc
cupants of this carriage, clothed in white,
were: Mrs. Captain Howison, Mis*
Genevieve English, Miss Hostwick, Mi^9
Sewell and Miss Carmen. Each lady car
ried a white parasol enveloped in snow
balls. Baskets of flowers were carried,
from which they were freely scattered to
the host of admirers. Mr^. Lieutenant
Perkins followe.l, her horse ar.d cart being
beautifully trimmed with roses and yel
low flowers and ribbons. The fair occu
pant was accompanied by an orderly. A
canopj- of the flowers added to the beauty
of the exhibit. Mrs. Perkins wore a wrap
of yellow silk.
Paymaster Rkelciing's carriage was
trimmed in calla lilies and received un
bounded praise for its beauty, and was oc
cupied by Miss Skelding and Miss La
Count, dressed in white, which added
much beauty to the floral display.
The surry occupied by Chaplain and
Mrs. McAlister and the Misses McCalla
was trimmed in white and trreen ami
looked rich in its decorations.
Mrs. Major Pope and Miss iicCalla oc<
rupied seats in the cart of the former,
elaborately trimmed with white roses.
Mrs. Lieutenant-Commander Symonda
and Miss Barker rode in a carriage beauti
fully trimmed in appropriate colors.
The phaeton occupied by Miss Maud
Burnap and Miss Isabell Pignian was
driven by a. tandem team, the cart being
trimmed in pink, with a canopy of the
same live.
Miss Paity Palmer, Miss Macrae and
Miss Decker rode in a prettily decorated
carriage, the colors vicing with each otner
in their floral embclishnients.
Miss Cassie Clark and Miss McDougal
were greatly admired along tha route for
the tasteful display of flowers in the deco
rations on the horse and cart.
Mrs. S. S. Robinson drove a tandem of
three cream-colored horses led by two
bluejacsets. The lady is an expert horse
woman and the horses were appropriately
festooned with yellow flowers.
The carriage of Medical Inspector Woods
was lavishly decorated and occupied by
Miss Woods and Miss Ashbury.
Mrs. Chief Engineer Kutz and daughter
drove in a phaeton trinied in green and
white-
Lieutenant and Mrs. Lefavor had their
carriage completely enveloped in flowera
and green trimings.
The white horse and white harness at2
tached to the cart containing Mrs. Under
■wood, daughter of Paymaster Woodhs ; 'i
and her child, attracted favorable ce
ment.
During the line of march and whe" near
the barracks the rain came down :U tor
rents, but it did not delay th? parade
which passed through the prin.'P al ave
nues and along the water fron'. where it
was viewed by hundreds of ?«'ople. Un
stinted were the praises *»" th e fin al
triumph of this, the first rose carnival at
Mare Island.
To-night a hop wa* held in the sail loft,
which i* beautifully decorated for the occa
sion.
IS A THIEF -<>*> A MISER.
Criminal Career of the Rascal Turk,
lien Ouni.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 9.— Ben
Ouni, a Turk, who is a miser as well as a
thief and habitual criminal, was before
Judge Hurd in the Court of Sessions in
r.-\M klyn yesterday, charged with grand
larceny in the second degree. He stole
three diamond rings from a tray in a
Fulton-street jewelry-store about a month
and was captured as he ran off.
i^ a bad record. He was driven
out oi London because of his thefts ana
came : this city, where begot into trouble
with the authorities and was sent to
Wa la Island as an insane criminal.
When released he rled to Paris, robbed a
j. ler'a store and returned to this
country. He next appeared in Texas and
Mtd from there because he shot a man.
'liit n he wan caught stealing in Illinois
and spent some time in Joliet. Previous
to his arrest in Brooklyn he served a
sentence in New Jersey for a criminal
assault
He has a passion for diamonds. As ho
stood in court he had about $1500 worth of
diamonds sewed up in his clothing and a
wad of Diils amounting to $1000 in his
pockets. No one knew while he was
locked up in Raymond-street jail that he
was so wealth)' until a fellow-prisoner saw
him stealthily looking over his hoard. A
turnkey, to test the truth of the report
made by the prisoner, asked Ben Ooni to
change a $10 bill for him. Ben took it,
put it in his pocket and swore that it was
counterfeit, and that he would send it to
the Government. It was only when threat
ened witn a flogging that he returned the
money to the turnkey.
He was advised to engage a lawyer, but
said: "I haven't money to waste on law
yers. When I get oat I'll need all my
money. I have some more perns and casu
in a safe deposit vault, but I'll need all I
have." He saved the county the expense
of a trial by pleading guilty, and Judge
Hard remanded him until Monday next
for sentence.
J'or Electrocution in Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 9.— The elec
trocution 1>;1) pnsspd the House this morn
iiic. The bill becomes effective July 1.
TO MOB FITZSIMMONS
Backers of Peter Maher Put Up
a Peculiar Plot at
Pittsburg.
Friends of the Australian Summoned
• Police Protection ani Evade!
Trouble.
PITTSBUEG, Pa., April 9.— For a time
last i. . _ was much excitement in
sporting circles. Ramor, apparently well
founded, has it tbat friends of James
Quinn and Mike Connelly, the backers of
Peter Maher, had put up a job to mob Bob
Mtzsimmons as he was leaving the Acade
my of Music, on Liberty street, after the
entertainment. Friends of Fitzsimnions,
hearing of the matter, summoned police
protection. Fitzstmmons was taken out
at a private exit by his iriends, and knew
nothing of v is danger until this morninsr.
He is at a loss to understand why Maher's
friends saould desire to do him personal
ritzsimmo&s said to-day that he had
always been a friend of >faher, and was
g to bet $10,000 that Maher could
whit* Corbett or any other pugilist in the
woild except himself, Fitzsimmons said:
"After two months' rest 1 will be willing
to light any heavy-weight in the world
except Corbett. Corbett must first van
quish Maher before I recognize him."
Fitzsimmons also said' that he is ready
to fight any two middle-weights in the
world at 15u pounds in oneniglft. He also
agrees to train down to 150 pounds.
FATORITLS LEFT AT THE POST.
Starting- Machine* Did Xot Work Ow:
--cetsftilly at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Tens., April 9. —The fifteen
days' race meeting of the Memphis Jockey
Club began to-day, the track being fast,
the crowd about 10,000, and the sport dis
appointing. The latter was due to the
starting-machine, which caused the burn
ing of a great deal of money by leaving
two favorites at the po3t. The Tennessee
Derby was captured by Dr. McLean's Ber
clair. a maiden, who lowered the Derby
record by 3>i seconds.
Six furlongs, George F. Smith won, David
* I, Kick third. nme,l:l6U.
Four furiones,. Scribe won, Clifford Jr. second,
Lei r third. Time, :.">!.
One mid an eighth mile 1 ;, Tennessee Derby,
value if sooo, Berclair won. Lady Inez second
Hen Kder third. Time, 1:35%.
Four furlongs, Oh>an won, lzeyl second, Marie
C third. Time, r-jO';..
One mile, Topsy wuD, Pandoval second, Tan
cred third. Time not tateii.
One mile, Helen Mar won, Miss ClarJt second,
Leonard B third. Time, 1 :45.
IT MJS OLIVEK PIKE.
-\o Longer Any Doubt as to the Murdered
Man's Identity.
CHICAGO. 111., April 9.-Relatives of
Oliver Pike, who disappeared from Seattle
in April, 1893, are fully convinced that the
body found here in a box and buried a few
days ago is that of the missing man. Mrs.
A. T. Moshier received a letter from Miss
Clara Haas of Ambrose, Ohio, a half-sister
of Pike, in which the writer says that she
and all of her relatives, who saw the re
mains, are sure they are those of the miss
ing m;;n. Mrs. Mosbicr says she fully be
lieved Pike was murdered because he knew
too much concerning cenain happenings
in the insane asylum at riteilacoom, Wash.
Death of Gust are Koerner.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. April 9.—Ex-Lienten
ant-GovernorGnstave Koerner of Illinois
die ; this morning. He was born in Frank
fort. Germany, in 1809. He was at one
time ;i Supreme Judge of Illinois. He
helii'-'l nominate Lincoln and in 1862 was
appointed United Suites Minister to Spain.
He was in Madrid for two and a half years
and then resigned. He supported Gree.ey
for the Presidency and ever since has been
a Democrat.
Shortest Divnrce Trial on Record.
WICHITA, Kajou April 9.— The shortest
divorce suit on record was decided here
to-day when Judge Dale jrranted Jennie
Henderson a decree of separation from
Nelson Henderson in exactly forty-five
seconds after the case was presented to
him. There were just twenty-three words
spoken, and but two questions were pro
pounded.
Have Potatoes to Hum.
CANANDAIGUA, K. V., April 9.—
Potatoes are so cheap that farmers are
throwing them away. One man is burn
ing them in his stove, and says they make
a very hot and steady lire. At some auc
tionsof farm property held lately tubers
went at '!),:. cents a bushel, and in many
instances no bids cor.ld be secured.
DISTRESS AMONG
SERICULTURISTS
Thirty Thousand Bales of
Unsold Silk Held at
Yokohama.
DEALERS ARE BANKRUPT
Japan Not Successful in Collect
ing the Third War Loan
Installment.
DEMONSTRATIONS IN KOREA.
Massacres Committed in the Attempt
to Avenge the Death of the
Queen.
TOKIO, Jafak, March 24.— Great distress
exists among Japanese sericulturists and
silk-broker*. Silk that coula be sold easily
last year at $900 per bale rinds no pur
chasers now even at $650. Thirty thou-
sand bales are lying in Ypkohama awaiting
a market. ;ind that large stock will now
be increased by several thousand piculs of
spring reelings. No signs of a good demand
from either An-.erica or Europe are appa
rent. The wholesale silk merchants of Yoko
hama have petitioned the Government and
the two principal banks for aid, but with
out any favorable result. It is calculated
t hat the minimum loss to Japanese pro
ducers and middlemen will be $100 per
bale on the stocks already accumulated,
which means a total loss of over $3,000,000.
Among the thirty principal dealers in Yo
kohama about a dozen are reduced to the
verge of bankruptcy, and some twenty per
cent of the sericulturists in the provinces
■are ruined.
An acute conflict between the central
authorities and the Municipal Assembly of
Tokio has just ended in favor of the latter.
There exists in Tokio, Osaka and Kyoto,
the three chief cities in the empire, a
special municipal system, one feature of
which is that the Governor of the city, an
official nominee, is mayor ex officio,
whereas the office of mayor is elsewhere
elective. The system is distinctly un
popular, and has the effect of greatly
accentuating any friction between the
Governor, in his capacity of mayor, and
the municipality.
Last autumn it was discovered that a
Japanese company, under contract to
supply iron pipes for the Tokio Water
Works, had for sometime been carrying on
extensive frauds by substituting faulty
pipes for those that had passed the neces
sary tests, the result being a loss of over
1,01X1,000 yen to the city.
In discovering and exposing this fraud
the Governor played a use:ulpart, but the
Municipal Assembly saw an opportunity
of attacking him. Three times the As
sembly passed a vote of want of confidence
in him and three times it was dissolved by
order of the Minister of Home Affairs, not
merely for declaring itself dissatisfied with
the Governor, but because its action in
volved a legislative deadlock. Finally the
Government yielded and removed the
Governor to a sinecure — the post of Court
Councilor. Tne event caused much excite
ment in the city and was loudly claimed
by the opposition as a signal victory.
The attempt to raise a third installment
of the war loan in Japan has been uniquely
unsuccessful. The total amount of the
loan was 35,000,000 yen. but of that sum
bands representing 25,000,000 were given
to the Bank of Japan in payment of debts
contracted by the treasury during the war.
Thus the public were asked to subscribe
10,000,000 only. Bat there is a marked
tightness in the Japanese money market
at present. All available capital is needed
for >tarting new enterprises, so that Gov
ernment securities sell barely at their face
value. Under these circumstances the
subscriptions to the war loan aggregated
only $4,000,000, and it appears probable
that the Bank: of Japan will be obliged to
take the remaining six.
Anti-Japanese demonstrations continue
in Korea. The rebels now declare that
their main object is to avenge the death of
the Queen by driving out the Japanese.
The most serious outrage yet committed
has been the murder of fifteen Japanese
fishermen at Phyong-hai, some fifty miles
from Gensan. A party of twenty-four
fishermen, having landed to make some
arrangements for pursuing their occupa
'tion, were suddenly attacked by an over
whelming force of the rebels. Unarmed
and unprepared, fifteen of the Japanese
were killed on the spot. The remaining
nine, eight of them badly wounded, bare
ly escaped by swimming off to their junk.
Other assassination? of Japanese have
taken place here and there throughout the
provinces, and the Japanese residents of
Phyong-yang have appealed for aid. But
Phyong-yang is not yet accessible by wa
ter, and fears are entertained that the
little force of nine policemen stationed
there may be unable to repel an attack.
Meanwhile the women and children have
been sent away. Against the Japanese
settlement of Gensan still more formidable
demonstrations are made, but a Japanese
man-of-war having reached that place, no
serious danger is apprehended. It is
plain, however, that the Japanese nation
will not lone continue to endure all these
outrages tamely. The Korean problem is
again beginning to cause much anxiety.
Scarcely credible rumors are circulated to
the effect that small parties of Kus3ian3
are traveling through the peninsula fan
ning the anti-Japanese feeling.
The Japanerse Government contemplates
the organization of a new Department of
State, the Colonial Office, which will be
entrusted with the management of affairs
relating to Formosa and Hokkaido. The
programme is denounced by the opposi
tion politicians, wno profess to see in it
nothing more than a device to preserve
the balance of power between the Choslnu
and Satsuma statesmen. At present the
Choshiu statesmen are predominant, but
if a Satsuman man were appointed to the
new office equilibrium would be restored.
On the other hand, the source of this op
position is evidently an apprehension lest
one of the distinguished statesman now
out of office should be diverted from join
ing the opposition by receiving the new
portfolio.
The British schooner Esmer alda reached
Hongkong on March 9, after a most sensa
tional voyage. Trading between the Mari
anna Islands and Yokohama, she nad ar
rived wiihin twenty -four hours' sail of the
latter place on January 6, when a heavy
gale and high sea dismasted her. Helpless
she drifted ocean ward for seven days, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
even when jury masts were rigged it con
tinued impossible to steer a hopeful course
on account of baffling winds. Provisions
being exhausted, the crew, eleven in num
ber, had to subsist upon the cargo of evil
smelling and rotten copra. Not till Feb
ruary 1 aid the wind become favorable
and they were then able to bear up for
Hongkong, which place they reached after
sixty-two days of the greatest suffering.
The Formosan Budget for- 1896-97 has
been submitted to the Diet by the Japanese
Government. The revenue is six and a
half million yen, approximately; the ex
penditure, ordinary and extraordinary,
aggregates ten and three-quarter millions,
of which four and a half millions are for
works of improvement. Some time must
elapse before Formosa ceases to be a source
of expense to Japan.
The scheme of military reorganization
in Japan is now published. The army is
to be virtually doubled, the number of
divisions being raised from six to twelve,
exclusive of the Imperial Guards.
The Peking Gazette of December 19 con
tains an imperial decree embodying a re
port furnished by Tung Fu-hsiang, com
mander-in-chief of the forces employed
against the Mohammedan rebels in Kansu.
It is not always safe to place implicit
reliance in reports of their own doings
compiled by Chinese generals, but at pres
ent we have no means of verifying or con
tradicting Tung's story. Its gist is that
in a campaign lasting twenty days, Tung's
army fought six sanguinary battles and
executed a series of brilliant maneuvers,
ending in the relief of the provincial cap
ital and the complete route of the in
surgents beleaguering it. One feature of
the operation -was the capture of the rebel
chief Ma ShiL-jun and his decapitation
before the walls of a stronghold from
which he had saliied to repulse the im
perial troops.
To General Tung belongs the credit of a
device for keeping his men quiet during a
night march planned to surprise the
enemy. He made every soldier hold a
pebble in his mouth throughout the move
ment. How the thing was managed there
are unfortunately no details, but presuma
bly the braves' consciences revolted against
the mechanical crime of spitting out the
pebble. The desperate fights, the valor
ous storming of fortresses, the rapid
tactics, the masterly strategy of this
twenty days' campaign constitute a curi
ous marginal commentary to the war with
Japan.
Anti-foreign feeling is beginning to show
itself again in Cheng-tu. Violently word
ed placards are posted on the walls of the
city, and petty acts of hostility aeainst
the Canadian mission are once more re
corded.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Amendments Made to the Bill
by the Senate Com
mittee.
Not More Than Two Battle-Ships or
Three Torpedo-Beats to Be Built
at One Yard.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.-The
naval appropriation bill for tne coming
fiscal year was reported to the Senate to
day. The four seagoing battle-ships, au
thorized in the House bill, are left un
touched. Amendments have been made,
however, in the provisions for torpedo
boats. Insiead of hve capable of attain
ing a speed of twenty-six knots, as pro
vided by the House, the Senate has sub
stituted three torpedo-boats which will in
reality be torpedo-boat catchers with a
maximum speed of not less than thirty
knots an hour. In place of ten or more
torpedo-boat 3, to cost not exceeding $800,
--000 and to have the hi-hest practicable
speed for vessels of their class, the Senate
has substituted a provision for "not to
exceed ten torpedo-boats to cost in all not
exceeding $500,000 and to have the highest
practicable speed for vessels of their class."
A proviso is also inserted as follows:
"And not more than two of said battle
ships and not more than three of said
torpedo-boats shall be built in one yard or
by one contracting party, and in each case
tne contract shall be awarded by the
Secretary of the Navy to the lowest
responsible bidder."
The House proviso requiring one of the
battle-ships to be built on the Pacific
Coast is restricted by a provision that in
order to do so it must be constructe 1 at an
additional cost not exceeding 5 per cent of
the lowest bid for the other three battle
ships authurized. The time within which
the contracts for these vessels shall be
made is extended from ninety to 120 days
from the passage of the act.
The bill as reported by the committee
carries a total reduction of $152,958 and a
total increase of $'}5,"_'00, making a net re
duction of $367,757. The estimates forlS97
were $29,313,1.76 and the House appro
priated $31,674,239, which was reduced by
the Senate to $:J1 ,279,482.
VACANCIES IN THE HA.VJ.
There Are Plenty of Placet for the Cadets
to HU.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 9.— A Times
Washington special says: The six-year
men from the Naval Academy will get
places this year. The probability is that
tnere will be more places than men to fill
them. For several years it has been
necessary under the Jaw to dismiss a
number of graduates with a year's pay
because there was no room for them. The
vacancies are not caused by an unusual
number of deaths or resignations, but by
the retirement of young officers for dis
ability. T);ere are now nineteen vacancies
in the line, twenty-five in the engineer
corps and one in the marine corps.
The class about to graduate numbers
thirty-three. A percentage will probably
fall, out it is believed that there will be at
least thirty graduates for from forty-live to
forty-seven vacancies. After the qualified
members of the graduating class have been
provided, the vacancies not lilled will
remain open to be filled next year.
Already it is apparent that the quota for
the engineers will not be filled, and
Engineer Melville, who has been very
solicitous about the prospect of main
taining the efficiency of the corps of which
he is the head, is of the opinion that the
number of cadets should be admitted from
some of the technical schools.
EMM XL AIDE'S WILL.
At Laat It Ia Filed, in Court by the
Widow.
CHICAGO, 111., April 9.— The inventory
of the estate left by the late Emrnons
Blair.e, son of .lames G. Blame, was tiled
in the Probate Court to-day by the widow
as executrix, although the young man has
bten dead four years.
She did so only when cited by the Judge,
and was given ten days to rile when she
appeared in court. The inventory shows
the good assets to be not moie than $50,000,
far less than was supposed.
Much stock and a $10,000 life insurance
policy are marked no good or doubtful.
In the bond .given by Mrs. lilaine ia the
docket fees paid there was an apparent
attempt to make the estate appear larger
than it really was.
MANTLE DEFENDS
SILVER SENATORS
Explains the Defeat of the
Dingley Tariff
Bill.
FREE COINAGE DESIRED.
Maiden Speech of the Montana
Statesman Attracts Great
Attention.
PRIVATE PENSION BILLS PASS.
Seventy-Five of Them Rushed Through
Within a Period of Sixty
Minutas.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.-Tbe
Senate did a rushing business in the way
of private pension bills in the last hour of
to-day's session, having cleared the calen
dar and passed every pension bill on it —
seventy-live in number — within sixty min
utes. The earlier hour 3of the session
were taken up in the delivery of two pre
pared speeches— one by Mantle of Mon
tana and the other by Butler of North
Carolina. Mantle' 3 speech was mainly a
defense of the Senators from the silver
producing States for their action in help
ing to defeat the Dinzley tariff bill, passed
by the House in the early part of the ses
sion. He criticized the Dill for being in
the interest of the wool-manufacturers
rather than of the wool-growers, and he
declared himself as being equally in favor
of bimetallism and of protection to Amer
ican industry. He expressed tne hope,
therefore, that the Finance Committee
would report back a fair tariff bill, coupled
with a provision for free coinage.
At the close of Mantle's speech, his
maiden one in the Senate, he received the
congratulations of many Senators, and
then participated in a running discussion
with Senators Hawley of Connecticut,
Hoar of Massachusetts and Mills of Texas,
the latter characterizing a protective tariff
as a protective humbug.
Butler's speech was in support of a bill
heretofore introduced by him for the es
tablishment of a postal telegraph system.
Between the close of Butler's speech and
tne taking up of the pension bills the; In
dian appropriation bill made some prog
ress.
Frye (R.^ of Maine, chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, gave notice to
hear any Senators who might desire tc
propose amendments to the river and har
bor bill, and that the committee would
not hear any afterward.
Mantle (R.) of Montana addressed the
Senate in support of a resolution here
tofore offered by his colleague, Carter, to
recommit to the Finance Committee the
House tariff bill passed in the early days
of the session. He spoke of the unwar
ranted aspersions cast by the metropolitan
press on the Senators wno favored silver
coinage and who voted in opposition to
tnat bill, and he defended those Senators
and the people of the .silver States from
the indiscriminate charges of selfishness
and lack of patriotism brought against
them.
Mantle argued against the Dingley bill,
declaring that while it professed to be in
the interest of the wooigrowers it was
really in the interest of the wool manufac
turers. A tariff bill, he said, should be so
adjusted as to guard every American in
dustry that needed sheltering arms to
shield it from the degrading competition
of other lands. He admitted that while
he was an ardetit believer in the principle
of protection he was an ardent believer in
the advantages of bimetallism, and with
out bimetallism a protective tariff could not
guard aeainat the competition that ia com
ing and to come from China and Japan.
Unless a parity was established between
gold and silver one of two things, he said,
must inevitably happen: Either the
wages and standard of living in Asia must
be raised to the American level or else the
wages and standard of living in the United
States should be reduced to theirs. He
was therefore in favor of uniting the poli
cies of bimetallism and protection. He
declared that the Republican silver Sena
tors would have been "as fully justitied in
aiding the Democrats to repeal the Me-
Kinley law as other Republican Senators
were in joining the administration Demo
crats to secure the unconditional repeal of
the Sherman law."
In conclusion he expressed the hope that
the resolution would be agreed to, and that
the Dingley bill would bo reported back
with a fair protective substitute and with
a provisiou for bimetallism. The Repub
lican party, he said, would go into history
as the best and bravest party that the
world had ever known, and he had hopes
that it would refuse to be guided in its fu
ture policy by the dictates of sellishness
and greed.
Hawley (R.) of Connecticut said that he
had a fe.v figures which proved that
Mantle was mistaken in supposing that
the wool manufacturers were benefited by
the Wilson tariff bill. The importations
of woolen manufactured goods into the
United Status for the current fiscal year,
including January, amounted to over $38,
--000,000 as against $17,500,000 in the corre
sponding seven months of last year. On
the other hand many looms in New Eng
land woolen-mills were idle and the mills
were running on reduced time. With the
passage of the Wilson tariff law, a cyclone,
he said, had struck the woolen industry
of New England. He added that he did
not call to mind a single New England
Senator who had ever moved or voted to
take the duty off raw wool.
After considerable discussion the nSatter
went over. *
Unanimous consent was asked by Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska for the passage of
the Senate bill to authorize and encourage
the holding of a trans-Mississippi expo
sition in Omaha, Nebr., in 1898. It was
made the special order for to-morrow
after the morning routine business.
At 5:15 the Senate adjourned until to
morrow.
■Appointed to Cadetthips.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., April 9.—Ap
pointments to cadetships at the United
States Military Academy have been
secured by Fernay G. Lane, Keosaugua,
lowa, and Charles L. Fitbean, Idaho
Springs, Colo.
In the Interests of I^abor.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
House Committee on Labor to-day beard
arguments by James O'Connell of Chicago,
grand master of the Machinists' Union,
and Mr. Gompers of the Federation of
Labor in support of the bill of Mr. South
wick of New York prohibiting interstate
traffic in the products of convict labor.
They also advocated the Government
eight-hour law bills.
SENATOR MORGAN VERY ILL
His Death Would Be a Severe Blow to Those
Who Are Fighting the Refunding
Scheme.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— Senator
Morgan is critically ill. and it is doubtful
whether he can live. He realizes the seri
ousness of his condition, and has made all
preparations in anticipation of his death.
While in conversation with Californians,
Senator Morgan imparted to them the
grave fears he entertained that he would
never be well again.
This will be a severe blow to California,
and all those who have relied upon Mor
gan's splendid ability to combat the re
funding bill in the Senate. He and Rep
resentative Maguire had decided to pre
pare a bill on the lines of his resolution
leaving the Pacific roads debt question to
be adjudicated by the courts.
Whether Morgan recovers or not, it is
not probable that hewiil be able to resume
his seat in the Senate for many weeks. If
there aupears.to be reasonable probability
of his attending to his public duties at this
session, his friends will ask that considera
tion of Pacific roads legislation in the
Senate t>e postponed until he can partici
pate in the debate.
This request is one that could hardly be
refused, so unless Senator Morgan shall
die his illness may be the means of post
poning the matter until the next session
of Congress.
■ ♦
The fortifications Hill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
fortifications bill will be laid by the sub
committee before the full Appropriations
Committee to-morrow. It will carry a
large appropriation and provides in such
a liberal manner for the purchase uuder
contract of sites, guns, etc., that it is stated
that the War Department will be able to
enter upon an extensive system of coast
defenses lor the next year.
Z.*ague of Musicians.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
three days' session of the National League
of Musicians was harmonious. Delegates
presented reports and resolutions. The
latter were rend and reported to commit
tees. The treasurer's report showed a
large balance to the credit of the benefit
fund and nearly $2000 in the league
treasury.
ASSISTED BY ANDRADE
The Venezuelan Minister Is
Gathering Some Importan-
Documents.
Thousands of Pages of Mattel Bearing
on the Dispute Will Be
Translated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.-Mal
lette-Frevost has had a conference at the
Venezuelan legation with Minister An
drade relative to the translation and print
ing of the documents recently received by
Mr. Andrade on the subject of the bound
ary dispute between Venezuela and Brit
ish Guiana. Owing to the fact that it has
not yet been possible to make and print
translations of these documents they have
not been formally presented to the com
mission. It is the intention of Mr. An
drade to submit both the ori inal aocu
ments and the printed translations as
soon as they can be prepared.
The following will serve to give some
idea regarding the extent and importance
of these documents. They are contained
in three large folio volumes and comprise
from 1000 to lUOO closely written pa^es.
Most of them are in the form of certified
copies of original manuscripts on file in
the archives at Seville, Simancas and
Madrid. Many documents cited and
quoted by the British Government in the
bluebook recently presented to Parlia
ment are in that book given only in the
form of extracts.
tome of the documents now in the
hands of Mr. Andrade are complete copies
of these same papers, and will therefore
enable the commission to form a much
more accurate idea with regard to their
exact meaning and value. In some cases
the extracts given in the bluebook are
exceedingly meager; as for instance, in the
ease of the report sent by the Governor of
Cumana, Don Jose Dijjuja, on December
15, 1763. The extracts from this report
are given in the bluebook and cover two
and a half pages. The original report, a
certified copy of which is now at the Vene
zuelan legation, contains nearly 400 pages.
The translation of these documonts will
necessarily occupy some weeks, as the
interpretation of the technical language
used for le^al documents in the sixteenth,
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, in
which they are couched, requires more
than ordinary skill and care.
In addition to the three quarto volumes
mentioned, Mr. Andrade states that in the
course of two or three weeks he expects to
receive from the Venezuelan legations at
The Hague, Rome and Madrid copies of
further documents, which agents of his
Govertment have been engaged in collect
ing.
ADSIISSIOIi OF TERRITORIES.
Eadley Presents a favorable Report on
the Arizona Mill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— When
the bill admitting New Mexico was taken
up in the House to-day Owens of Ken
tucky offered an amendment postponing
the election of the State Legislature until
1898, the purpose being to delay the elec
tion of a United States Senator to a subse
quent period, but this was rejected, as was
also an amendment offered by Taft of
Ohio to report the bill to the House with
out recommendation.
Hadley prevented a favorable report on
the Arizona bill. He stated that, his ac
tion in voting to admit Territories would
be based on the ratio of pupulation, and
as Arizona did not have, in his opinion,
the number of inhabitants required for
statehood, he would be compelled to vote
against it. Under these circumstances
Murphy, the delegate from Arizona,
deemed it advisable not to press the matter
further at to-day's meeting, and upon mo
tion of Catron, the delegate from New
Mexico, the Arizona bill was laid aside
and the New Mexico bill taken up. On
thin bill the committee divided on the lines
given above, but it was carried by a vote
of six to four, those voting in the negative
being Taft, Owens, Knox and Low.
Hoimdary of Alaska,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
Committee on Foreign Affairs in the
House to-day instructed Heathwole (R.) of
Minnesota to prepare and present a joint
resolution appropriating $75,000 for estab
lishing the boundary line between Aiaska
aud British Columbia in accordance with
convention between the United Btate3 aud
Great Britain relating to that subject.
PILOTAGE BILL
MEETS DEFEAT
The House Not Inclined to
Increase the Distress
of Labor.
ATTACK ON THE A. P. A.
Fitzgerald of Massachusetts Says
Catholic Institutions Are
Not Treated Fairly,
REFERRED TO A CONFERENCE.
Agreement Net Reached on Senate
Amendments to Postoffice Ap
propriation?..
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
bill to repeal the compulsory pilotage sys
tem, so far as it affects saiiing vessels en
gaged in the coastwise trade, was defeated
in the House to-day, after a day's debate,
by a vote of 117 to 152. Grosvenor (R.) of
Ohio in the course of the discussion said
that while this Congress would not enact
any legislation intended to improve the
condition of laboring men in this country,
lie was certain the House would not pass a
bill which laboring men believed would
tend to still further increase the distress
and discomfort of a portion of their fellows.
The amended District of Columbia ap
propriation bill for the year ending June
30, 1897, was passed after a brief debate.
The most notable incident of the debate
was a bitter attack by Fitzgerald (D.) of
Massachusetts, upon the A. P. A. for its
attack i.i the dark, as he expressed it, upon
the Horn an Catholic church, of which he
was a member, which resulted in depriv
ing institutions in the District of Colum
bia, conducted under the auspices of tue
church, of what was justly and legally
theirs.
No response was made to Fitzgerald be
yond a bare denial by Grout (R.) of Ver
mont, in charge of the bill, that it consti
tuted in any sense an attack upon the
Catholic church. The vote upon the bill
was K54 to 21, and only twenty members,
an insufficient number, joined with Sulzer
(D.) of New York in a demand for a vote
by ayes and noes.
Conference was ordered on the {senate
amendments to the postofiice appropria
tion bill.
Consideration was begun of the "filled
cheese" bill (imposing a tax upon its
manufacture and sale) and will be contin
ued to-morrow. Cooke(R.)of Wisconsin,
author of one of the bills for wnich the
pending bill was a substitute, addressed
ihe House.
The House upon meeting resumed con
sideration ol the bill to aboli.sh the com
pulsory pilotage system so far as it relates
to sailing vessels engaged in the coastwise
trade.
Cooper (D.) of Florida, who prepared the
views of the minority of the Committee on
Merchant Marine and Fisheries in oppo
sition to the bill, made the tirst speech.
The bill was advocated by Perkins (R.)
of lowa and Fitzgerald (D.) of Massachu
setts, Eilert (D.) of Pennsylvania, Dincley
(R.)of Maine and Payne (R.) of New
York, ami antagonized by Grosvenor (R.)
of Ohic, Elliott (D,) of South Carolina and
Tyler (D.) of Virginia. The bill was de
feated—ll7 to 152.
An effort to get a vote by ayes and noes
was successful.
The bill making appropriations for the
District of. Columbia for the year ending
June 30, 1597, was taken up. The discus
sion of the bill was interrupted to pass the
resolution asking the Secretary of State to
give the House any information the de
partment might have regarding the case
of Mrs. Florence E. Maybrick, in prison in
England for poisoning her husband, a
merchant of Liverpool.
Bartlett and Wheeler (D.) of Ala
bama opposed the district bill, the former
on the ground that the appropriations for
charity should be made as in the past,
directly to the institutions, and the latter
for the reason that the cost of caring for
ttie poor of the district would be largely
increased under the new system.
Fitzgerald (D.) of Massachusetts, the
youthful sole representative of his party
from the New England States, briefly ad
NEW TO-DAY.
4jf&\ You've seen and
afctA* heard the loud
V«t voiced man at the
?> % 10118 ' calli the
~lHy maßaHfll | 111 trains. He tells
r, 1 lIwMHkBB' II where each one is
? MSMSKSBk |s° in S and keeps
|| jjjgH Rh| people from taking
i y^i^iilfllil they pay attention.
— -1 hI'I feelings are bodily
" ~^~msg f&!& °^ disease. Most
MBS MM all trains of disease
mS Ban lead to consump-
iPa . tion, because con-
h| &jjt sumption is a blood
hh disorder and be-
Hp cause the blood
must be poor or
impure before any
disease can make much headway.
The secret of health is to keep the
blood pure and full of strength." When
a man or woman loses flesh and vitality,
there is something wrong in the blood!
The start of it is likely to be in the stom-
ach or bowels, and if they are put in
order the trouble gradually stops. Con-
' sumption is a germ disease, but if the
blood is good, and keeps the lungs strong
and healthy, the germs cannd* find a
place to lodge and are cast off. If there's
a weak spot, the germ will find it. Even
after that, strong ; and pure ■ blood - will
strengthen \ the lung 3 so that they can
gradually rid themselves of ■■ the germs.
It is by creating strength and purity that
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
cures I consumption and other diseases.
It makes one gain, flesh — not flabby, ;
ojly fat, 1 but sound, firm, useful, healthy
..flesh. Hundreds of patients have testi-
fied to its _ wonderfully \ beneficial effects
in many diseases and especially, in incip-
ient consumption.. . \ .";
A large book of 160 pages, full of these testi-
monials with portraits and autographs of the
.writers, can be had by sending 6 cents to cover
postage to World's Dispensary Medical' As-
sociation, No. 663 Main Street. Buffalo, N. Y. ■
dressed the House, paying his respects to
the A. P. A. On the question of agreeing
to the amendment as reported, the vote
was: Ayes 124, noes 21. Sulzer (D.) of
New York ineffectually endeavored to get
a vote by ayes and noes, and the bill as
amended was passed without division.
The Senate amendments to the post
office appropriation bill, on motion of
Loud (R.) of California, were non-con
curred in and a conference ordered.
At 5:05 the House adjourned until to
morrow.
Fighting H'ith. Insurgents.
THE HAGUE. Holland. April 9.— A
dispatch from Batavia, Java, says that a
beleaguered Dutch garrison in the south of
Orand Acheen, Sumatra, has been relieved.
In the lighting with the insurgents which
accomplished the result the Dutch lost
ten men killed and twenty-eight wounded.
Land Selections Approved.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— Acting
Secretary Reynolds of the Interior Depart
ment has approved a selection of 157,858
acres of land made by the Northern Pacific
Railroad in The Dalles and La Grange (Or.)
Land District.
Writing a ttramn for Sarah.
MONTREAL,, Quebec. April 9. —Dr.
Louis Frechette, who is called the Canadian
Poet Laureate, is engaged in writing a five
act drama in verse for Sarah Bernhardt.
The plot is laid in Italy in the seventeenth
century.
Santa Monica and San. Pedro.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
Senate Commerce Committee to-day de
cided to give a hearing April 17 on the sub
ject of a deeji-water harbor at fc-an'a Mon
ica or San Pedro, CaL
Recovering From the Measles.'
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.— The
regular Cabinet meeting will be held to
morrow. Esther Cleveland ia still doing
well at Woodley and Mr. Thurber's chil
dren are also improving.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 0.-The
Treasury gold reserve to-day stood at
$127,795,910; withdrawals. (114,20 a
MISS EFFIE PER BIN! OF SALINAS,
SALINAS, Monterey County. Cal.
I have never met a more enthusiastic
class of people than I did in Salinas, and
in fact all through Monterey County.
One of the most pleasing gentlemen with
whom I talked is Mr. George Perrinl. He
told me that he had heard of many re-
markable cures that had been effected by
the use of Joy's Vegetable Sars'aparilla,
and that he had occasion to prove this to
his own advantage.
Some time ago his little daughter, Effie
Perrini, was covered with small sores. A
bottle of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla was
bought and very moderate doses, were
given to the little girl. Before the entire
bottle was exhausted all the sores had dis-
appeared and Eflie got better. She con-
tinued to improve until she is now a per-
fectly healthy child. He told me that he
had recommended Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilia to many people and that every one
was now praising the native remedy.
HENRY TILLMAN.
eM j — T" 1 I l~"]
Nut Picks m
(SILVER PLATED), f'rX
3 for 25 Cts. VI ■
U' : ~' ■ w
Above "Special" this woelc only. ' tE/
'•Smith's Weekly. 'Mis all about *?
the Specials.
.Removal sale now In progress.
.Freight prepaid 100 miles and orsr.
Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for portal. '
QSUiITyQ' CASH STORE,
©I¥ll i MO 411-18 Front, S.F.
Largest Departm'l .Store west of Chicago.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
1 STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STAND Or MERIT-
DoYou Ride a Wheel
If so we can sell you the beat BICYCLE SHOES
in this city. We are the sgents tor C. H. Fargo &
Co.' celebrated Ball-Bearing Bicycle Snoes, which
have no superiors in this country. They are made
of Fine Kangaroo Calf and are uniined, and they
are so cut that they tit the f*et perfectly, and will
not tire a riaer even after a long journey, and wish-
ing to thoroughly introduce this line we have de-
cided to sell the high-cut for
$2.50
Per. pair and the low-cut for $2 00. Here is %
chance to invest, as very ordinary bicycl*
shoes, much inferior to these, are being sold else-
where for S3 and $3 50.
We also have a novelty for Bicycle Riders— Can-
vas Bicycl ijhoes made on the same pattern as
the leather shoes. They are light and easy on th«
feet. aDd are just the thing to wear when riding {»
the country. Popular prices, si 50 per pair.
Kg- Country orders solicited.
ggr Send for .New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
>'>t' 10 Third Street, Sau Francisco. ;
TAfiflAß A "T^tisg*-
I mil rill very weeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
I ■■■«■■■ ■■';'■ hemorrhoids, bile,
Ml HI I M lO3SOf "i'P'-Mte. sastrlo an 4
I£ II intestinal troubles and
■"■■•■*■■■ headache arising
ADII I All r . M E - «UILL™N,
IIKILLUN 1^
dyers, flourmlll.. fOundrie.,' Uundr!es.^T2S
men. ur-rootanj, tanner., tailor*, eta U *
B ».„ BUCHANAN BROS
Brash Manafacturerc. 609 Sacr»mento9ft»GRIEVANCES OF
THE PORTUGUESE
They March in a Body and
Present a Monster
Petition.
INVASION OF ASIATICS.
On ihe Hawaiian Islands It Has
Reduced Labor to a Pau
per Level.
BOWIE AGAIN AT HONOLULU.
S eamships Emp'oying the Physician
to Be Overhauled by Health
Authorities.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, April 2.— On the
morning of the 26th, after several prelim
inary meetings, nearly 700 Portuguese
men marched in a body to the Govern
ment building and sent in a petition ad
dressed to tlie President and Legislature.
Their demeanor was entirely peaceable
and orderly. Copies of the petition were
at once made and presented to the two
houses of the Legislature. The grievance
of the Portuguese is that having been
brought here by this Government and
having settled in the islands and now in
creased to 13,000 souls they find themselves
subjected to an invasion of Chinese and
Japanese immigrants, now over 40,000,
which has reduced the wages of labor be
low the cost of subsistence to Europeans.
They ask for measures to restrict Asiatic
immigration, also for a more tquitable
system of taxation.
While no apprehension of disorder was
felt from the gathering of Portuguese, it
is considered a bad precedent for the Leg
islature to be approached by a large as
semblage, and liable to have a menacing
tendency, calculated to disturb and intim
idate the Legislature, especially if the
Japanese should be induced to make a
similar demonstration. It may be thought
best to prohibit by law the presenting of
petitions in this manner.
A registration act has nearly completed
its passage by the two houses with ereat
unanimity. A similar act passed the Leg
islator* of 1892, but was lost on its way to
ti^e Queen by some unknown means. This
act compels every male above 15 years to
be registered, with full description and
thumb mark; also to produce his certifi
cate of registration whenever he removed
to a new location. The object of tnis
measure is to enable the Government to
identify and control the great number of
A.-;at:c vagrants in the country. It is es
t:mater; that $45,000 will annually be col
lected from Asiatics -who have hitherto
<. taxation. While the whites gen
favor this law. a few are opposed to
it on sentimental grounds, as savoring of
I c ir. despotism. Minister Damon
Btrenno i-'y <>pp^std it on this ground,
fcuch a iaw is generally considered indis
pensable to any proper control of the
A-iatic population, who are extremely dif
ficuit to identify.
Finance Minister Damon is encounter
ing a strong opposition to certain acts
■which he has introduc-d into the Legisla
ture for consolidating the public debt by
new issue of bonds at a lower rate of inter
est; also for negotiating a new loan of
$'-',000,000 for public iniDrovements and
education, the bonds to be issued at not
exceeding $250,000 per annum. At a con
ference held on the 31st ult. by the Senate
with leading financial men of Honolulu,
the latter were unanimously opposed to
the method proposed by Damon. While
favoring the objects of the acts, these gen
tlemen objected to the large discount pro
posed of 15 per cent in case the bonds were
sold at 4 per cent interest to replace the
present $3,005,000 of bonds at 6 per cent.
They aiso objected to the negotiations of
the loans in London, contending that
much of the money could be obtained in
Honolulu itself, especially now that large
eugar dividends were being received.
Many persons, not investors, but seeking
to borrow, favor Damon's measure, as
tending to lower the present high rates of
interest asked by Honolulu capitalists.
The citizens of Hilo have sent a com
nmtee .to the Legislature with strong
resolutions aemanding a larger share of
appropriations for public improvements in
that district.
The Belgic arrived on the 28th, bringing
as her surgeon the same Dr. Bowie who
last August caused the disastrous cbolera
epidemrc by concealing trie fact of deaths
from cholera on the Belgic's passage from
Japan. The port physician therefore
anchored the ship outside while he per
sonally inspected every passenger. Find
ing-a Chinese leper, of whom Bowie knew
nothing, he brought the surgeon ashore to
n-eet the Board of Health, with whom
Bowie had no agreeable interview. The
Beigic was detained three hours outside
the harbor. The agents of the steamship
company have been notified that any
ship employing Dr. Bowie will be liable
tv similar minute inspection and deten
tion.
The nuisance charge against Hayne has
received repeated postponements for over
two weeks, at the request of detendant's
counsel.
Minister Willis sails for home to-day.
He has sold his furniture. But this is
often and profitably done by persons
leaving here for a short absence in the
States.
The Foreign Office has still on hand an |
unfinished discussion with her Britannic !
Majesty's Commissioner, Hawes, relating
to his failure to respond to the invitation j
of this Government to observe the 17th of :
January. There are also some still un- j
settled claims against that Government
lor Carnages in cases of that Government
damages In ia=es of persons arrested
after last year's insurrection. The Foreign
Minister is not prepared to give the public j
the present state of these controversies.
The Japanese Commissioner is bringing |
comdaint that the terms of the now ex- i
pired labor convention with Japan have
not been fulfilled, in that there have been
fresh importations of Chinese contrary to
the agreement. This Government con
tends the agreement went no farther than
to permit no increase in the number of
Chinese in these islands, which has been
done, Japan contends that farther than
ertnit no increase in the number of]
iese in these islands, which has been
v Japan contends that there was a
verbal understanding with Premier Gib-
Bon otherwise.
■■■■■•<
A UIZ USA SS Pi X A Sl' lt.
They Congratulate the _%>«• Governor on
His Confirmation.
PHcENIX, Ariz., Aoril 9.—Congratula
tions are pouring in upon Governor
Franklin from all over the Territory, re-
pardless of political belief. His confirma
tion by the Senate ends a long and bit ter
war within the Democratic party of Ari-j
zona, of which the people are thoroughly
tired. Governor Franklin says he has not
decided as yet on making any radical
changes and does not know whether he
shall remove the appointees of Governor
Hughes or not. He announces, however,
that his administration -will be Demo
ciaticand in the interests of the people,
without regard to the professional poli
ticians. The people generally express the
utmost confidence in his ability and in
tegrity, fie will take the oath of office
and assume its duties as soon as his com
mission arrives.
Another of Governor Hughes' minor ap
pointees is out. The resignation of Miss
Maud Walsh. Territorial Librarian, has
been accepted by acting Governor Bruce
and Miss Mamie Meagher appointed in
her stead.
T ALLEY ROAD TRACKZAYISG.
Large Force of Men Going to the Front to
Jtush the Work.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 9.— To-morrow
morninc Superintendent McFarlane of the
Valley road will send out a large force of
men to the front to begin on Saturday the
worn of laying the track between the
Tuolumne and Merced rivers, as the big
bridge across the former stream will be
completed by that time. The work of the
tracklayers will be pushed as fast as pos
sibJe and a second train will be put on the
road to-morrow. One will be a work train
that will remain at the front and the other
will run in and out daily. There are nine
teen miles of track between the Tuolumne
and Merced rivers ana it will not take the
workmen lons to cover this distance. Ac
cording to Chief Engineer Storey's sched
ule the men should be across the Merced
and be at work on the other pide by the
loth of next month. Cotton Brothers are
at work on the bridge and may have it
completed by that time. Some of the tim
bers are not ready, so this may delay its
completion a little.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Wong Mow Gee on Trial for
Killing Two Fellow-
Countrymen.
A Clear Case of De iberate Murder.
The Prisoner Develops Symp
toms of Insanity.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 9.— Wong Mow
Gee, the Chinese laborer who shot and
killed two of his fellow-countrymen at the
Agnew farm about a month ago, was ar- :
raigned brfore Justice Dwyer to-day on the
charge of murdering Gee Ah Lung. The
evidence showed the crime to be premedi
tated and cold-blooded, and he was heid
to answer before the Superior Court.
Wong Mow Gee has developed signs of in
unity, and throughout the examination
be kept interrupting the witnesses. He
has refused to eat anything for several
days and has expressed a desire to kill
himself. He is yet to be examined for
the murder of Yee Yuck Nam.
FERSISTEST CHICKZS'-THIEF.
Has Spent Over Four Tears in Jail for
Jtobbing Roosts,
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 9.— Ah Toy, the
notorious chicken-thief arrested by Deputy
Sheriff Black last evening for stealing a lot
of chickens from the Dubois place on
Polhemus avenue, pleaded guilty before
Justice Dwyer this morning and was
given fifty days in the County Jail. Toy
is one 01 the most persistent chicken
thieves on ttie coast, and during the past
six years has served at least a dozen terms
for chicken-stealing in the County Jail.
Six of his terms have been six months'
sentences. In ail he has served four years
in the County Jail.
To Foreclose a Mortgage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 9.— John Center
of San Francisco to-day began suit to fore
close a mortgage for $38,400 on the Alum
Rock railway. The mortgage was given to
secure money advanced at different times
to R. H. Quincey, president of ttie Alum
Rock Railway Company, to construct the
road. The foad runs" from McLauuhlin
avenue, in East San Jose, to Alum Rock
Park, a distance of about six miles. A
decree of foreclosure and sale is asked.
For some time the road has been har
assed, and there is a resolution pending
before the Board of Supervisors to revoke
its franchise.
Jlary T. Franklin Hues for Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 9.— Mary T.
Franklin to-day began suit for divorce
from Luther T. Franklin, on the grounds
of desertion and failure to provide. The
plaintiff's maiden name was Mary T.
Judd, and ?he resides with her parents at
Berryessa. The Franklins were married in
this city in September, 1P92, and lived to
gether until September, 1894, when the de
fendant deserted her. Franklin is at pres
ent practicing medicine in Sacramento.
There are no children.
Death of Percy Armstrong.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 9.— Percy Arm
strong, a young man well known about
town, died rather suddenly at the New
land Hotel this morning. The primary
cause of death was inflammation of the
liver. The deceased was about .#) years of
age and the heir to a vast estate in Oak
land, with an income of $400 per month.
He leaves a widow and child in Oakland.
STOCKTON CROOK FREED
Though Found Guilty by the
Trial Jury the Verdict
Is Nullified.
A Notorious Swindler Is Turned
Loose Through a F aw in Sub
mitting the Case.
STOCKTON*, Cat,., April 9.— The trial of
£ N. Tucker ended this evening, after the
jury had been out four hours, in a verdict
of guilty, but the verdict is nullified by an
omission in submitting the case to the
jury.
Tucker was charged with extortion for
having frightened a man named Larsen
into parting with $140 by representing that
he was an officer and that he had a warrant
for Larsen 's arrest on a charge of horse
stealing. He agreed to compromise the
case for the sum named, and Larsen parted
with his money. Tucker was tried on an
information tiled by the District Attorney
and the jury disagreed. He was then in
dicted by the Grand Jury and giv'en his
trial yesterday and to-day, the jury bring
ing in a verdict of guilty. But in submit
ting the case the plea of once in jeopardy
was not submitted to the jury, and, conse
quently no findings were brought in on
that, thus nullifying the verdict.
It is charged that some one juggled with
the papers in the case as tlie plea iiled in
writing was not in ihe box wiien Judge
Smith examined the pacers the opening
day of the trial. Tucfcer belongs to a gang
of swindlers, and a companion named Tail
madge was indicted with him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
IN FAVOR OF
SOUND MONEY
Bankers of Maryland Put
Themselves Squarely
on Record.
FOR A GOLD STANDARD.
Enemies of Free Coinage Talk
About the True Interests of
the Nation.
COMPTROLLER ECKELS SPEAKS.
Backs Up the Policy of the Demo.
cratic Administration and
Wall Street.
BALTIMORE, Md., April 9. — The
•bankers of Maryland to-day put them
selves squarely on record in favor of sound
money. In a convention, with delegates
representing almost every bank of any
size in the State, the following resolution
was adopted without a dissenting vote:
Resolved. That we are unalterably opposed to
the free coinage of silver and to every debase
ment of our currency in whatsoever form it
maybe presented: that we firmly and honestly
believe that the true interests oi our country
will be best served by its rigid adherence to the
gold standard ot value, the continuance of which
will not only preserve its financial integrity
and the future welfare of its citizens, from the
wage-earner to the capitalist, but will insure,
through the prompt restoration of confidence,
that rapid development of Its resources which
will eventually place it first among: the nation!
of the earth.
James, H. Eckels, Comptroller of the
Currency, was the principal speaker of the
day. Among other things he said:
"Our credit is maintained by what we
set up as our standard of value, upon
which we shall base the transactions and
the contracts which we are to carry out.
The people who are dealing with us abroad
not less than the people who are transacting
business here at home, take their estimate
of our financial integrity by the financial
standard of the Government which we
support, and which we control in im
portant deta:!«. If the United States should
set up a standard of value which cheapens
the present one, which makes a subject of
inquir3 r and of constant questioning
whether or not the Government shall
maintain the payment of its obligations
in tne oniy standard of value which is
recognized in the commercial world, all
the financial integrity of the individual
citizen in his individual capacity could
not save this country from a state of finan
cial collapse.
"If we are to maintain commercial rela
i tion? with the greatest people of the worid,
and if our products are to be sold to them
and we are to secure products from
them we must have as a standard of value
' not that which the law says is a
standard of value simply, but we
must have as a standard of value which
the commercial world recognizes as the
only standard of value. [Applause.] The
fiat of the Government is one thing; actual
value as approved of by the commercial
world is another, and in all the contests
' which have been witnessed from the first
' day that the first medium of
: exchange was invented until the present,
1 the commercial world has been indifferent
to what the law has said, and has had as
its sole rule and guide the value of the
thing which is used as a standard of value
and medium of exchange, and
: the record of the commercial world
from the first day until the present time is
: that no article has ever been used for a
medium of exchange beyond the time
when, as an article of commerce, it also
had the same value that it had as an
■■ article of money. [Applause. J
"Silver metal has passed from the world
I of commerce as a standard of value be
| cause the commercial world has set its
seal of condemnation upon it and all the
laws placed upon the statute books in
"Washington or Westminster, or in Ber
lin, or in Paris, cannot reinstate
'[ it. [Applause.] The silver people in
this contest will be beaten through
the strugsle may be prolonged and ex
, pensive. Expensive from the very fuct
that here at home there is a serious sus
j picion that the standard of value which
has been so long in vogue shall be changed
is sufficient of itself to work the greatest
j harm to the business world. It will be beat
j en because there never has yet been a con
j test before the American people upon any
! great question, whether it was a question
; of morals or a question of money, but that
at the critical time, no matter how far the
! error may seem to have gone, the common
-1 sense of the American people asserted it
| self and the right thing always prevailed.
j [Applause.]
"A free silver act never can pass both
houses of the American Congress at the
same period, [applause] and if it did the
American people will never send to Wash
ington, indorsed by the vote of the people
sufficient to elect, a president who would
give official sanction to such an act."
The convention adopted a constitution
and by-laws, elected officers and adjourned
to the Hotel Rennert for a banquet.
KEW JERSEY REBUPZICAXS.
They Elect Delegates to the Ht. Louis
Convention.
TRENTON, N. J., April 9.— The Repub
lican primaries for the election of delegates
to the State and district conventions were
held in this county to-night.
In several wards and townships the dele
gates chosen were instructed to suDport
as delegates to the St. lx)uis convention
supporters of McKinley. At a number
of primaries resolutions to instruct were
defeated. The delegates-at-large to St.
Louis from New Jersey will be Senator
William J. Sewell, John Kean, Garrett A.
Uobart and Franklin Murphy.
CHOICE OF THE LIQUOR ME\.
Halle Says McKinley Has Sever Opposed
Their Interest*.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 9.— Robert J.
Halle of Chicago, general secretary of the
National Retail Liquor-dealers' Associa
tion, is in Cleveland arranging with the
Ohio executive Doard for the National
convention of the association to be held in
this city next fall. Speaking of the politi
cal attitude of the association, Mr. Halle
said:
"The saloon interests in every part of
the United States favor the nomination of
William McKinley for the Presidency.
This means the support of the liquor-deal
ers in the district, State and National con
ventions, and at the lowest calculation
1.800,000 votes at the polls if McKinley is
nominated, I base this estimate on the
fact that the association has 180,000 mem
bers, and each, member is good for ten
votes at least."
Mr. Halle, continuing, stated that the
love of the liquor men for McKinley was
owing to the fact that he had never placed
himself in opposition to the liquor traffic
and had never favored measures opposed
to the interests of saloon-keepers, as had
Reed, Morton and Allison.
"McKinley," continued Mr. Halle, "ap
preciates the fact that the liquor traffic is
a great industry, and act? accordingly."
QUAY HAS SOT WITHIiRAWS.
He la in the Race for the domination to
Stay.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 9.—Sena
tor Quay, through his son, Richard Quay,
this morning made an emphatic denial of
the published statements that he intended
to withdraw from the contest for the Re
publican nomination. A message was re
ceived this morning from Richard Quay,
dated at Pittsburg, in which two promi
nent Senators, one a receptive and. the
other an active candidate, were told that
Mr. Quay, just before he left for Florida,
had stated that he would under no circum
stances withdraw from the contest for the
Republican nomination, the con
vention at St. Louis adjourned Mr. Quay
stated that his flag would still be flying,
whether he left that city in defeat or
flushed with victory.
Illinoii Frohibitioniata.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 9.— The Pro
| hibition State Convention was called to
i order promptly at 9 o'clock this morning
by Chairman Oliver W. Stewart. The only
j business transacted was to select candi
! dates for State offices. The ticket is as foi
|lows: Governor, Hale Johnson, Newton;
i Lieutenant-Governor, E. A. Windell, Fair
bury; Secretary of State, Alonzo E. Wil
; son^ Chicago; Auditor. Arthur J. Bassett,
'Chicago; Treasurer, E. K. Hays, Galva:
\ Attorney - General, Robert H. Patton,
j Springfield.
Feto Negroea Registered.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April 9.— A spe
cial from Opelousas, La., says: Quiet pre
vailed to-day in the parish of St Landry.
But few negroes availed themselves of the
opportunity to register and many applica
tions have been made by leading colored
men to cancel their registration from the
books. The troops will probably be re
lieved to-morrow, as there is no further
use for them.
Victory for Silver Men.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., April 9.— The Demo
cratic city primaries resulted in an over
whelming victory for the silver men. The
sound-money men were successful in only
three of the twenty-eiuht wards. Ex-
Governor Francis was chosen a delegate
in his ward by a narrow margin. The
vote was light, and there was no dis
turbance.
llaitier Kf nominated.
YORK, Nebp.., April 9.— Hon. E. J.
Hainer was unanimously renominated by
the Republicans of the Fourth Nebraska
District to-night. Frank M. Wetherald
and Charles B. Anderson were elected
delegates to the St. Louis convention, and
instructed fur Major McKinley. Strong
resolutions indorsing the Ohio man were
adopted.
3lcKinlry Aof Indorsed.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. j., April 9.-
The Third Congressional District Repub
lican Convention to-day nominated two
delegates to the National Convention.
Resolutions endorsing McKinley were laid
on the table.
LOS ANGELES FATALITY.
An Elderly Retired Clergyman
Terribly Mutilated by an
Electric-Car.
The Old Gentleman Is Related to
Charles Crocker of San
Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 9.— Rev.
\ Joseph McKee, an elderly retired clergy
man living at 510 South Olive street, was
run over by a southbound electric-car at
j the corner of Fourth and Broadway
j at 2 o'clock this afternoon and perhaps
fatally injured. His right ride is fearfully
, bruised and lacerated and one side of his
face is nearly torn off. He is under ether
:at the Receiving Hospital, and Drs.
Bryant and Ainsworth are working over
: him. It is thought that he will not rer
cover.
Rev. Mr. McK.ee is well-known in this
city. He is a gray-haired, dignified old
gentleman and is related to Charles
Crocker of Pan Francisco.
An eye-witness said the o!d gentleman
was on the southbound track and looking
south and did not see the car coming from
the north. Just as the car reached him
he stepped on the northbound track im
mediately in front of the car and was
knocked down and draeeed under it for a
distance of about 100 feet.
MVRIiERUVS XOXOOLB.
Two Laundrytnen Slake Fierce Resist
ance to a Constable.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 9.— Consta-
bie Harry Johnston to-day called at a
Chinese laundry near University station
to get some clothes belonging to a lady
which the Chinamen refused to give up,
claiming that she owed them $14. John
ston ordered them to band over the goods
and call at his office for the money. At
the time there were six Chinamen present.
The lady identified her property, and
Johnston was about to take possession,
when one of the Chinamen attacked him
in front and another in the rear. The one
in the rear dealt the officer a terrible blow
in the back of the head which staggered
him. Johnston, seeing that he was liable
to get done up, pulled out his nun, and
backing against the wall he soon had the
Chinamen subdued, and succeeded in cap
turing the one who assaulted him.
IDAHO nOtiSETUIEVES CAUGHT.
The Gang Include* a fiood- Looking
Idhik; Woman in Male Attire.
JULIETTA, Idaho April 9. — Sheriff
; Lydan of Nez Ferces County came from
I Lewiston to-day and arrested part of a
' well-organized ganS; of horsethieves that
j-have been operating through this part of
| the country for the past year. Those who
; were arrested wers Levi Howard, Herbert
Hoar, Robert Owings, Eugene Holm and
Kitty Holm.
Th*e direct cause of their arrest was the
stealing and driving off of lifteen ortwenty
head of liorses from Eilenaburg, Wash.
They were pursued by the Sheriff of Kit
titas County, Wash., and the owner of the
| horses.
Kitty Holm was dressed in men's clothes
at the time of her arrest. She is a good
: looking yonn? woman. '20 years old, and
i seemed to regard her arrest with less con
: cern than the men.
UIED.
RYAN— In thts city, April 9. 1896, Lawrence W.
Kvan. dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Ryan, ami father of John F., I awr.-no- t.,
Mamie, David, Kittle and Cieorge Rrau, a native
of Ireland, aged b'l years.
NEW TO-DAY CLOTHING.
JLet
;
i
Wour
jJeuour
Query \
, _ ■ . . ... i
. , -
■ i
■ ■ ,- :
!
Said \
Jrere/
Open TJo-night till S.
x , Saturday 7/iyht till 10.
j{7jwo~ 4 Days i Carnival
We set aside Friday
and Saturday as Car-
\ nival 7) ays y Carnival
\ days for good dressers;
\ Carnival days that will
\ cause 'em to be remem-
\bered. While it lasts
\it's fun for you; it's
\this:~~~
I Some 2000 S3lue
I and S&lac/r Ch c viot
\Suits, as cleverly tai-
lored garments as ever
[left a tailoring shop, in
\ either Single breasted
or breasted
\Sacks, and for these
\two days, Friday and
\Saturday, we say
00, (JU for *J ie/c
P^\ We hardly think that
i2P^ :sf with such an offer any
JnV;«, gentleman need go in
/vy%^\ i shabby clothes, nor need
[ \ \ YoH
I ) \/ /!\ you wander about in
/ i p o^\\ other stores, because
■( 1 \ this is one of the biggest
\^/ "X i) JJ \ snaps your big store has
X\^\ ever given you,
[/ rf^} When we say these
i g . _____ j ■"!/ ' •^A'ff and 3$ lack Chew
/ /I*- I iots, right in the height
\-\
I I Irj H of fashion, full weight
81 / I goods — not light weights
I J n — garments that are per->
I / . feet fitting and cleverly
II 1 II I tailored, and just as we
JJ s==e '^^»' said above, a Carnival
for two days, rid ay
—SS. 00-— » - y *
On Friday and Saturday. and Saturday, at
~*55. 00"
iri\
7 7 K /
— 00—
Friday and Saturday.
34
THE AGITATION
FOR SAN PEDRO.
Increasing Interest in the
Deep • Sea Harbor
Fight.
POWERFUL ARGUMENTS
A Railroad From Salt Lake
to Los Angeles Is
Assured.
PEOPLE ARE SET TO THINKING
Huntington's Mass • Meeting Was
Packed With Empoyes and
Santa Mcnicans.
LOS ANGELES, Cat-, April 9.— lnterest
in the harbor question has in no wise sub
sided since the outpouring at last night's
mass-meetings. The agitation has devel
oped to a large extent into the thrashing
over of old straw. Public sentiment, how
ever, remains as it was from the beginning
— almost unanimous in • favor of San
Pedro— not that they love Santa Monica
less, but that they love a harbor to which
all railroads can have access.
A powerful argument in favor of San
Pedro is that work on a deep-sea harbor
there means the construction of another
transcontinental line.
At the free-harbor mass-meeting last
night Hon. T. E. Gibbon, vice-president of
the Terminal Railway, promised that with
in twelve months from to-day, if an ap
propriation was made for a deep-sea
harbor at San Pedro, work would be com
menced on a railroad from Salt Lake to
Los Angeles. He said he made this
promise authoritatively and in good faith.
The vast majority ot people here believe
that the ultimate building of the Salt
Lake road depends upon improved harbor
facilities at San Pedro, hence their opposi
tion to Huntington's scheme to induce the
Government to build the harbor at Santa
Monica, thus practically excluding all
roads but the Southern Pacific; from its
benefits.
Another thing that has set the people to
thinking is the alleged control that Hunt
ington has secured of the Atlantic and
Pacific, thus shutting the Santa Fc'a sys
tem out of Southern California and plac
ing this end of the State as completely in
the power of the Southern Pacific
monopoly as Northern California now is.
It is for potent reasons like these that
the people of Los Angeles spurn an appro
priation for Santa Monica if it is to be se
cured at the price of sacrificing the chances
of San Pedro to obtain an appropriation
for a deep harbor, which would be the in
evitable result.
Much comment has been occasioned by
the fact that the ruass-raoetine at Illinois
Hall last night v;as packed with Southern
Pacific employes and a trainload of Santa
Monicans. The attendance at this meeting
has been estimated at 2000. bat as a matter
of fact the hall's seating capacity is only
800. It is truo that a good many people
from Sa:> Pedro and Long Beach were at
the free-harbor outdoor mass-meeting, but
the vast majority of the throne, which
numbered fully 5000, was made up of tax
payers oi Los Anireles City.
WOMAS S I'JriiAGISTS.
.Wa»i Coiirfiid'ow Closed With an Ad-
drrs* bt/ Her. Anna Miato.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 9.— The Los
Angeles County Woman suffrage mass
convention, held under the auspices of the
constitutional campaign committee of the
California Woman Suffrage Association,
closed this evening with an address by
Key. Anna H. Shaw, who delivered one of
her characteristic discourses on her favor
ite topic.
Music Hall was crowded with members
of both sexes, who applauded the points
scored by the speaker at frequent inter
vals.
During the two days' session of the con
vention addresses were made by Mrs. Mila
T. Maynard, Miss Elizabeth U. Yates of
Maine, Mary G. Hay and others.
Papers xere read by Dr. Kate C. Moody
on "The Professional Woman's Need of
the Ballot," Eliza Tupper Wilkes on "The
Ballot for the Wife and Mother' and Mrs.
Caroline Severance on "Does the State
Need Woman's Ballot?"
Mary G. Hay enlightened the conven
tion on the practical work of campaign of
woman suffrage in the State. The cus
tomary resolutions common to sucn con
ventions were passed, and the delibera
tions came to an end with the general
feeling on the part of those who partici
pated that the cause of woman suffrage
was materially advanced by the actions of
these earnest workers.
OREGON CONVENTIONS.
Republican and Democratic State
Delegates Convene at
Portland.
After a Hot Fight the Free-Silver
Democrats Capture Their
Organization.
PORTLAND. Or., April 9.-Chairman
George A. Steel of the State Central Com
mittee called the State Republican Con
vention to order at 11 o'clock with 237
delegates present. General George H.
Wiiimms was elected permanent chairman
of the convention. The venerable states
man was enthusiastically cheered.
The appointment of the committees on
Organization and credentials was the only
work done, and the convention then ad
journed until :: i\ m.
The feature of the State Republican Con
vention to-day was the continued wranele
between two factions of the Multnomah
delegation which took up the entire after
noon in having a hearing before the
credentials commute. The convention
adjourned to-night until to-morrow with
out making any nominations.
Late this evsntag a compromise was ef
lected, as in the Congressional Convention
yesterday, by the credentials committee
making the suggestion to seat both dele
gations—one representing the Carey fac
tion and the other Joseph Simon. The
committee were five for seating Biitton, one
for Carey and one for seating both delega
tions. When this had been done the mo
tion to adjourn till to-morrow was carried.
Speeches were made counseling har
mony in the Republican rants. Interest
in the proceedings oi the convention cen
tered in the outcome of the contest in the
Multnomah delegation.
The business of the convention is to
elect four Presidential electors, State and
district officers, except Congressmen, and
four delegates to the National Convention,
over which there will be a lively contest.
There is no contention over the Supreme
Judgeship, and it is expected other offices
will be tilled without trouble.
O&EGOS DEMOCRATS.
free-Silver Men Capture the State
Convention.
PORTLAND, Or., April 9.— The State
Democratic Convention -was called to or
der at 11 o'clock. P. H. Darcey of Salem
was elected temporary chairman.
Committees on credentials, order of
business and resolutions were appointed,
and an adjournment taken till 2 p. m.
Free silver and plenty of it seems to be
the shibboleth of the convention to-day.
At a caucus it is understood it was deter
mined to ignore all aspirants for favors
who did not unqualifiedly subscribe to the
16 to 1 articles of faith.
By a vote of I.tO to 90 the delegates to
the State Democratic convention this
afternoon got a free-silver plank In the
platform adopted. Notwithstanding the
opposition manifested by the sound-money
men at to-ninht's meeting, free-silver dele
gates to the National convention were
elected. They are W. F. Bucher, Charles
Nicoll, M. A. Miller, D. Mutlinx, Dr.
Welch, j. L. Townsend, J. W. Howard
and J. D.McKinnon.
The Multnomah County delegation,
which was supposed to be pretty evenly
divided on the financial question, in voting
for their man on the platform and resolu
tions committee stood twenty-four for
Bound money, eleven for silver and one
straddler. Six of the delegates pledged
for free silver voted for Benton Kiilin, one
of the most pronounced sound-money men
in the convention.
After the selection of National delegates
an adjournment was taken till to-morrow
to complete business.
SOSOStA JKEPUULICAJSS.
Delegates Elected to the State Convention
favor JUcKinley.
SONOMA, Cal., April 9.— The Republi
can County Convention was called to order
this morning at Union Hall, this city. Of
the 138 delegates a large majority were
present and the absentees were all repre
sented by proxies. M. K. Cady of Aqua
Caliente was elected chairman and 0. H.
Pond secretary. The following commit
tees were appointed:
Committee on credentials — Hon. J. C.
Hoiloway, Judge J. M. Cheney, Oscar
Murphy, Robert Brown and E. F. Wood
ward.
Committee on order of business— A. G.
Burnett, John Burroughs, Samuel Cas
sidv, John Williams and L. A. Norton.
Committee on platform and resolutions —
D. E. McKinley, Lyman Green, W. F.
Price, George Vancill and W. E. Staley.
After a recess of an hour these commit
tees submitted their reports, which were
accepted.
The platform adopted heartily sustained
the principles of Republicanism, protec
tion and reform and bitterly denounced
tbe ruinous policy advocated "by the chief
executive of this Nation.
The name of William McKinley of Ohio
was dec-lured to be Sonoma's choice as the
Republican nominee for President of the
Omf»d States.
The following delegates to the State
convention were then elected:
Sixteenth Assembly District —S. Cas
siay, Robert S. Browne, Lyman Green, W.
Meecham. T. C. Putnam" J. B. Wattles,
C. H. Pond, L. A. Norton, W. F. Price,
W. F. Graham and W. J. T. Orr.
Seventeenth Assembly District-- J. C.
Hoiloway, iieoru'e O. Campbell, W. O.
Staley, M. V. Vanderhoof. E. F. Wood
ward, J. F. Smith, J. M. Strcnney, j. W.
Ragsdaleand D. E. McKinley.
Allen B. Lemmon of the Santa Rosa
Republican was recommended as a repre
sentative to the National convention.
Arizona. Republican Primaries.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 9.— The Repub
licans held primaries throughout the
county yesterday to choose delegates to
the county convention to meet on the lsth
inst., which will select delegates to the
Territorial convention called to meet in
Pho?nix on the 'J9th inst.
This Territorial convention will name
six delegates to the St. Loui* convention
and nominate a candidate for delegate to
Congress to succeed N. O. Murphy, who
has announced that he will not be a can
didate for re-election.
St. Helena iJelegatet for MeKinley.
ST. HELENA, Cal., April o.— The Re
publican primaries resulted in the election
of W. A. Elgin, Frank Kraft, F. Salmini,
G. P. Benvie and B. Bruck as delegates to
the county convention. The voters also
expressed their choice for President, all
but four being for McKinley and three
were for Allison.
PLAGUE IS WATCHED.
Board of Health Instructs Dr. Chalmers
to Watch the Steamer
Gaelic.
The danger of contagion from the plague,
whic i is believed to be on board the Pacific
Mail steamer Gaelic, was the subject of
discussion at a special meeting of the
Board of Health held yesterday morning.
The Gaelic is due in this port from Hong
kong, via Yokohama and Honolulu, on
the 18th inst. and the local health author
ities have been warned to be on the look
out for her as a Chinese passenger from
Hongkong wno left the vessel at Yoko
hama died the next day of the dread
Dr. Morse moved that Dr. Chalmers, the
quarantine officer, be vested with author
ity to detain the Gaelic if any tiuspicious
si ns were found aboard of her and the
motion was carried unanimously.
The committee that had been intrusted
with the investigation of the charges
against Milk Inspector Dockery reported
that there was nothing in the accusation
and Mr. Dockery was exonerated.
M'RAE IN COURT.
The Preliminary Examination of Trade's
Assailant Concluded.
The preliminary examination of J. D.
Mcßae, charged with assault to murder
Peter Trade in a building on Post street,
near Larkin, on March 10, was concluded
before Judge Low yesterday afternoon.
Four witnesses for the defense, William
Storm, A. Nichols, T. Devilliers and W.
Pettee, all testilied that Mcßae was not in
the room at the time Trade was assaulted,
and could not therefore have struck him
with a hatchet-handle.
The prosecuting attorneys in the argu
ment attempted to show that there was a
conspiracy to assault Trade and the other
men at work with him, but Attorney Gal
lagher for the defense contended that
nothing had been brought out in the evi
dence to warrant such an assumption and
there was not a particle of evidence that
Mcßae was guilty of the charge made
against him.
The Judge said he would reserve his de
cision till to-day.
Union Musicians.
A meeting of the Musicians' Union was
held yesterday and it was decided to re
main in the San Francisco Trades Council
and not affiliate with the Labor Alliance.
The musicians are opposed to entering
politics as a union.
At the present moment out of the sev
enty-one members of the Irish Nationalist
party no fewer than ten are Protestants.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
CLOSE CONTEST
AT SANTA ROSA
Mrs. Burris Leads by One
Vote for Carnival
Queen.
WATCHING RETURNS.
Innocent-Looking Envelopes That
Often Change the
Situation.
SAN JOSE'S BUSY CITIZENS.
Arranging a Magnificent Programme.
The Rivalry Amcng Chico's
Pretty Girls.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., April 9.— The
queen contest now begins to grew interest
ing. Lust night the two fair rivals for car
nival honors were even for some time, till
a $f> note added 100 to the score of Mrs.
Burris. The next envelope was for the
lady from the led woods. Miss Jessica
Kloppenburg, and added 40 for that popu
lar candidate. The last message in the
box was an innocent-looking carnival en
velope, on which the two little bears
seemed to be Btrnggling to hide the pov
erty of its contents, but the ten-dollar gold
piece that rolled out for Miss Sara Hall
surprised Chairman Lewis of the counting
committee exceedingly and placed Miss
Hall 100 to the good.
To-night some of the most influential
citizens in town elbowed their way ii.to
the store of C. A. Wriglit & Co. to see the
votes counted. Although there wan no
gold in the box there was a goodly num
ber of envelopes containing the white
metal, aggregating about 300 votes. By
tens and twenties the votes were placed
opposite the rival beauties' names, and it
was not until the last envelope was opened
that it was definitely known that Mrs.
Burris had aeain resumed the lead.
G. i
This last compliment to Mrs. Burris was
1 a poor, lonely white two-bit piece, but the
block of five votes repiesented by this
' small coin turned the tide and left the
j last-named lady one vote in the lead.
The rumor of a big sack from the red
woods still floats into town periodically,
but causes no uneasiness to the Santa Rosa
candidates, who have implicit faith in the
loyalty of the citizens of this city.
But a $20 piece would place tne lady
from the lumber region right up with the
leaders, and Charles Orr, late of Duncans
Mills, claims to have the proceeds of 5000
pickets and numerous bunules of shades to
uphold the dignity of Occidental with,
and Charles Rule, also of Duncans Mills,
declares that the returns from the naxt
consignment of butter from the Rule ranch
will add to the score of the lady from the
land of big trees.
SAX JOSE'S ACTIVITY.
The Splendid Proyratntne in Prepara-
tintt for the Carnival.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 9.— At a meet
ing of the executive committee of the Car
nival of Roses, held this evening, there
were reports from a number of commit
tees and the arrangements for the great
entertainment were found to be almost
complete.
Details of a splendid programme for the
! entertainment of the visitors during the
; lour days of the carnival were reported.
■ A committee was appointed to canvass the
i hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses and
I livery stables of the city and learn the
I names of all those who will furnish enter
i tainment and also those who will agree to
j preserve tue regular rates.
The names of all those who will not
j agree to preserve the regular rates will also
!be secured. It is the intention of the ex
! eoutive committee that the guests at the
: carnival shall be protected from extortion.
It was reported that a larpe number of
j owners of fine rigs would furnish many
i elaborately drcorated rigs for the parade.
A resolution of thanks was voted to C.
| M. Shortridge for the publication of the
I carnival edition of tiie Mercury, and also
| for the liberal donation of copies of that
I edition for the use of the executive com
j mittee. It was expressed as the sense of
the committee that "the extensive circu
lation of this number of the Mercury
throughout the country wilJ materially
aid in bringing visitors to the carnival."
A report was made by the San Jose Turn
Verein of entertainments to be given dur
ing carnival week by that organization.
MAST ACRES OF FLOWERS.
ban Jose Is Growing Enough for All of
the Carnivals.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April 9.— The many
acres planted to sweet-peas, mangolds
and roses throughout the country for car
nival purposes are in a flourishing con
dition, and it is now certain there will be
plenty of flowers for decoration purposes
during the great lloral fete. The warm
showers of the past month have proved of
groat benefit. The sweet-pea vines are
well up and beginning 10 bloom.
The vines will continue In blossom for a
number of weeks and will be at their
height during the carnival.
A large area of marigolds has been
planted and there will be an immense
quantity of these brilliant oranged-hued
Jlowers. They are juat beginning to come
in bloom. There will also be large quan
tities of marguerites, callas, geraniums,
verbenas, locusts and poppies available for
carnival purposes.
Roses are blooming profusply and there
promises to be an unstinted supply of the
choicest varieties.
CIJICO I'Kt'.TTX OIJILS.
Many lirought to th« Front Daily for
Queen of May.
CHICO, Cal., April 9.-The pretty
young ladies of Chico are being brought
to the front in the contest to decide the
question as to who shall be the Queen of
May on the occasion of the Mayday picnic.
The admirers of the several candidates
are working with a will to secure the elec-
i tion of their favorite, and each day votes
in large numbers are finding their way
into the several ballot-boxes. Up to the
; present time Miss Frieda Junkans, a very
: popular and handsome young lady, leads
the list by about 100 votes, her nearest
i opponent being Miss Clara Cussick.
From present indications a large major
ity of votes are being Jield back, nrepara
! Tory to a grand rush toward the close of
i tlie contest. It is known that there are a
number of young women whose friends
will attempt at least to secure the honor of
: Queen of May, but as yet no ballots have
! been cast for their, and this naturally
! keeps Miss Junkans friends on an anxious
) seat.
Another feature that will tend to draw
votes is the selection of two ruaids of honor
for the queen. These positions, second
oajy on Mayday to the queen herself, will
be given to the two young ladies oeiug in
the second and third places on the final
count.
Should the affair prove as popular as
thought from the contest as appearances
show to-ni^ht, many dollars will find
themselves in the funds of the picnic com
mittee, and the vote will reach in the
neighborhood of thousands.
Sunset Telephones for St. Helena.
ST. HELENA, Cal., April 9.— The Sun
set Telephone Company has a gang of men
in town to-day installing a local telephone
circuit. Almost all the business men of
the town have taken a phone, which
places them in direct communication with
all towns on the company's system.
Frightful Xitro- Glycerine Explosion.
NANAIMO, B. C, April 9.— Five hun
dred pounds of nitro-glycerine being
hauled from Northfield to Departure Bay
exploded this afternoon, killing the team
ster and his two horses and shattering the
wagon to fragments.
A X OLIJ-1 1 .« *; lEX) D.
The Present Trouble Precipitated by the
Oregon Ushcrmen.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 9.— The troops
that, left here to-day will be stationed on
Bakers Bay, near the mouth of the Colum
bia River, the scene of the depreda
tions, which began a week a<;o. They
were accompanied by Brigadier-General
E. M. Carr, though in the fi?M Cattiin
Frank E. Adams will be in command.' The
detachment took rations for icn il«v«.
For five or six years there has been more
or less bad blood between the Oregon and
W*»bit>gtoo rishermen alontr the Columbia
River, due chiefly to the difference in the
fishing laws of the two States. The pres
ent trouble began by the Oregon men
crossing the river in a steamer and pulling
up piles, sending to sea the valuable
traps placed in Bakers Bay by the Wash
ington rishermen.
COLUMBIA FISHERMEN
Their Turbulent Attitude Brings
Out the Washington
Militia.
It Is Thought the Cannerymen Will
Finally Be Compelled to
Weaken.
ASTORIA, Or., April 9.— The fishing
season on the Columbia opens at Bid
night. There is every evidence that no
fish will be caught and dtlivered to the
cannerymen, at least to-morrow. Both
sides are still keeping a bold front, but the
all-day session of the cannerymen shows
weakness.
Under instruction from McGraw, Gov
ernor of Washington, a company of militia
is under arms on the Washington shore,
opposite here, to protect traps on and near
Sand Island. These traps are in the river
where Government engineers have de
clared it part of the channel of the river.
The rishermen laugh at the action of
Governor McGraw, while a company of
regulars are stationed at Fort Canby, a
few miles away. They say the Federal
authorities are more likely to prevent
traps from being used in their present
position.
No immediate trouble is anticipated.
DRILL OF CADETS.
Competition for the Montgomery Medal
Takes Placo To-.Vight iv the
Pavilion.
It is expected that the Mechanics' Pa
vilion will be crowded to-night at the
competitive drill of the various com
panies of the League of the Cross Cadets.
The drill is for the Montgomery medal —
a highly prized trophy among the cadet
corps of the Catholic temperance organi
zation—and great rivalry has existed for
some time past as to which company
would carry it off in triumph.
The occasion will be made one of grand
military display, as several prominent
army and militia officers have promised
to be present and to review the Ooys.
Among the invited guests are the officers
of th Boys' Brigade*
A very attractive and entertaining per
formance is promised.
TWO VERY LIVELY ROUNDS
Van Buskirk and Choynski Eox
at the Olympic Athletic
C:ub.
Joseph Went Right in for Business.
Only a Chosen Few Saw
the Bout.
Some of the members of the Olympic
Club were treated last evening to a very
interesting two-round bout between Joe
Choynski (California's favorite boxer) and
M. Van Buskirk. the champion heavy
weight boxer of the Olympic Club.
Manager Kennedy arranged the meet
ing between the two big 'uns after he had
promised Choynski that not more than a
dozen people should witness it.
It was about 9 r. m. when Van Bustirk
entered the room generally used by the
gun club annex. He was dressed in his
hest boxing clothes and looked every inch
a fi hter.
Eveiybody was anxious to see Chovn
ski, and when Joseph put in an appear
ance in ring costume those who had not
seen him before manifested surprise at his
build.
They expected to soe a whopping big fel
low, with legs like a Trojan and a back
similar to tnat of a prize bull. They were
sadly disappointed, however, as Choynski
carries rather slender nether limbs, but
from his hips up he is a magnificent speci
men of the athlete. He showed by a some
what haggard face that he has been exer
cising for some time "on the quiet," and
needs only light exercise to fit him for a
battle royal.
Eddie (iraney was referee and time
keeper. He Kayo the orders to get ready,
shake hands and proceed to business.
Van Buskirk was taken by surprise
when Choynski went right in for business.
There was no riddling or tomfoolery about
the set-to.
The men boxed two short rounds, which
can be summed up in very few words.
The Olympian made a very good stand
considering that he had a" master me
chanic before him, but Choynski, in the
language of the nnjrster, "put it all over
him," and rights and lefts landed on Van
Buskirk's nose and body in plenty.
Choynski has improved wonderfully
since his departure from this City, three
years ago.
He is now as quick as a flash, ana uses
both right and left alike. His foot work
is also uood, and there can be no gainsay
ing the fact that he carries heavy-weight
goods which sound rather loud when they
urop on any particular spot.
Van Buskirk, when compared with
Sharkey. is slow, of course, consequently j
it would be foolish for any person to draw
a line on what Chovr.ski can do with his
sext opponent by taking the bout of last
evening as a criterion.
MINING MEN IN SESSION
The New Appropriation Bill
Indorsed by the Executive
Committee.
CHANGES IN THE LANGUAGE.
Five Hundred Dollars Appropriated
to Maintain the Delegat on at
Washington.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Mining Association met in special ses
sion at the Union League Club last night.
The meeting was called for the purpose of
taking action in relation to the mineral
land appropriation bill now before the
House of Representatives at Washington.
It was tinanimcusly decided to maintain
the delegation at Washington and $500
was voted for expenses.
Tirey L. Ford wired from Washington
the language of the proviso of the appro
priation bill, as follows:
For the construction of restraining: barriers
for the protection of the Smruniemo and
Feather rivers in California,: s2f><», ooo, such ru
btraining barriers to be const rut-ted under the
direction of the Secretary of War, in accord
ance with the recommendations of the "Cali
fornia Debris Commission," for the purpose
set forth in sections 23, 24 and 25 of the a<*t
entitled "An act to create the California Debris
Commission and regulate hydraulic mining in
tho State of California," approved March 1,
1803; provided the said suni shall be available
only on condition that the Legislature of the
State of California shall have appropriated at
least an equal sum for the purpose herein set
forth, to be expended in accordance with the
recommendations of eugiuecrs of the United
States (ioverument. Tirey L. Fop.d.
The following self-explanatory telegram
from Mr. Ford was also read :
Washington, D. C, April 8, 189 G.
Julian Sonntag, UV) California street, San Fran
cisco: California delegation to-day considered
onr appropriation, l'evtin's proposed amend
ment whs rejected. The delegation is afraid of
the proviso. At White's suggestion the follow
ing language was practically agreed upon by
the delegation:
"For the construction of restraining barriers
for the protection of the Hncramt-nto and
Feather rivers in California. $250,000, such re
straining barriers to be constructed under the
direction of the Secretary of Wi\r, in accord
ance with the recommendations of the Califor
nia L>ebris Commission."
Devlin seems inclined to accept the action of
the delegation, and my judgment is we should
do so. Tirey L.Fokd.
Mr. Ford also sent the following tele
gram to President Neff.
Upon mature deliberation am of the opinion
our position concerning the language of the
appropriation should depend on the legal con
struction of the proviso and the constitu
tionality of the State act. If the proviso is
deemed perfectly safe we should stand by our
guvs, otherwise accept White's suggestion.
Tirey L. Ford.
The following telegram was sent to Mr.
Ford last night:
San Francisco, Pal., AdHI 9, 1806.
P Hon. Tirey L. Ford. Hotel Xormandic, Wash
ington, D. C: I'pon request of Sonntug and
Thornton, we have carefully considered the
hydraulic appropriation clause recently passed
by the House and the substitute amendment
agreed upon by our delegation yesterday.
We are unanimously of opinion that the
National appropriation must be definite and
certain 10 bind State appropriation, and thar
the proviso would endanger both National and
State appropriations. We therefore indorse
the substitute amendment and to make the
same conform to the California act we recom
mend a further amendment striking out the
words "Sacramento and Feather" and insert
ing in lieu thereof the word "navigable. R. B.
Carpenter, J. J. De llaveu, John M. Wright.
President J. H. Neff also wired to Mr.
Ford, indorsing the telegram signed by
Carpenter, De Haven and Wright.
WILL UNIONIZE THE CITY
Building Trades Council to En
force the Working-Card
System.
Shop anl Job Stewards Will Be Se
lected as the First Step in
the Movement.
Since the strike on the Parrott building
; has been so saiisfact?rily settled the Af
\ filiated Buildmg Trades of this City has
; decided to proceed witn tne enforcement
lof the working card. The working card
! went into effect on April 1, but the atten
tion of the Building Trades Council being
occupied with the Market-street trouble,
the business agents and grievance com
mittee were unable to devote much atten
tion to the outside jobs. From now on
every effort will be made to unionize the
City and put the card into effective
operation.
It required two years in New York to
put the same system into operation, and
■ Kansas City required almost as long, but
i since it went into effect in several of the
large Eastern cities it has proved a de
; cided success. It is not expected that the
■ card will obtain complete recognition in
; San Francisco in a day or two, but every
effort will be made to carry out the system
and as speedily as oossible.
This was the principal subject of discus
sion at the meeting of the Building Trades
Council last evening. It was brought up
by several suggestions made by Business
i Agent Mclvor, after he and Agent Saun
ders had made their reports relative to the
settlement of the Parrott building strike,
which received tne approval of the coun
cil. His first suggestion was that shop
! stewards should be appointed in every
; shop and job stewards on every job in
| the City. The idea was favorably received
and the officers ofench affiliated union will
be requested to direct all union men to
select such stewards.
The latter's duty will be to examine the
working cards of all journeymen and
report all irregularities "or grievances to
the council or business agents. The method
of selection and other details will be on
the line of similar systems in vogue in the
East.
Another proposition decided upon was
to unionize the shops and not the jobs.
Tnis is to prevent a contractor from carry
ing on work in one place with a union
gang and running a non-union trang in
some other part of the City or in his shop.
This can be regulated when the shop
stewards understand their duties.
The secretary was directed to notify all
unions to see that all their members are
provided with the council's working card
to save annoyance and possibly to save
strikes.
On Tuesday evening, the 14th inst., a
mass-meeting of all the unions affiiated
with the Building Trades Council will be
held at 115 Turk stieet for the purpose of
electing two business agents or walking
delegates. Saunder9 and Me Ivor were ap
pointed by the council until the regular
election could be held. Only members in
good standing will be allowed to enter the
nail and vote.
Great preparations are being made for
the carpenters' picnic, which will be held
at Sunset Park on the 26th inst. The pic
nickers leave on the 8:45 a. m. boat and go
by the narrow-gauge route.
At the la^t meeting of the Hod-cnrriers'
Union James Gillispie, William O'Donnell
and Michael Dolan were selected as dele
gates to the Building Trades Council.
They were seated last night.
The branches of the Mississippi River
have an aggregate length of 15,000 miles.
NEW TO -^f^____^ :Si- % l- - - -~-^»
Conductor or Gripntan
Uniform at the wholesale
▼^ ■•■ - -' • ■ ' ; ; ■ .; ..■■'./ '■'*.: "..' ■
in retail store costs at
least $22.50.
All-wool Oregon City Kersey, made
in our own Oregon City Woolen
Mills, absolutely fast color Indigo
dye, authorized regulation cuts, any
button you want, perfect fitting*
me make toe -doth, we make the
uniforms, so you pay but one profit,
ours, same as retailer pays.
121-12$ $ansome St Wb °Surac(urer S
Proprietors Oregon Mil RitlA Cl/tltt
Citp Ulcolcn mills f|l| [Jlliv 3IUIIS
CYCLE DEALERS UNITED
Want Smooth Pavements, Park
Lights and the New
Charter.
Twenty-Nine Dealers Start a Boird to
Coope-ate With the Mer
chants' Association.
The San Francisco Cycle Board of Trade
was organized last night in the Bicyclo
rama, on Market street. Twenty-nine of
the leading local bicycie-dealers "vere pres
ent at the adoption of a constitution and
by-laws, and signed as original members.
The objects of the new organization are
to help the trade and the cyclers generally,
primarily by obtaining better City pay. •
merits and incidentally by devising mean>
of advertising stolen wheels, recovering
them and apprehending the thieves, by
exposing fake advertising, and by co
operating with the League of American
Wheelmen in general wheeling matters
and with the Merchants' Association in
the effort to obtain smooth pavements fjr
tnis City.
The initiation fee was made $2, with
dues 50 cent* a month, in order that none
of t he smaller ilealera might be discour
aged from afliliating.
There are ninety-seven bicycle-dealers
in the City.
Meetings will be held once a month, and
a lar.e part of the business will be per
formed by a board of directors, consisting
ol tuirteen persons.
The preliminary committee on street i
improvement reported as a result of its re- \
cent investigations that it is not feasiule I
to agitate the paving of Market street jusc
at present, but that the attention of the
Cycle Board of Trade might well be turned
toward the lighting of the park.
J. S. Conwell, Thomas Mullen, J. M.
Br»nnings,L. Devaney and James M. Ham
ilton discussed the report, and all agreed
that the nr?t feasible step would be to light !
the park, the paving of Market street !
being something that haying baffled the
efficient Merchants' Association should be
left to the new charter to make more easily I
attainable.
One idea offered fur liohting the park
was for all ihe bicycle-dealers, riders and
liverymen in the City to contribute their
pro rata share of the*sl2,ooo iv cessary for
the electric light plant. Brunnines him
self offered to start the dealers' subscrip
tion with $100.
After much discussion as to whether all
business should be done by the board as a
whole or by a board of directors, the con
stitution was adopted and signed by the
following, the election of officers being
postponed for a future meeting:
James Hamilton of Baker & Hamil
ton, Charles Watts of George \V. Alexander,
J. Brunnings of Hooker & Co., E. P. Slos
sen of the Premier Cycle Company, W.Gil
dert of Holbrouk, M'errill & Stetson, W- J.
Kenney of Kenney &, Payton, J. Vidv of
the Peerless Cyclery, S\\ R. Wheeler
of Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson,
F. Ruch of the Morch Cycle Company,
L. Devany of Devany, Hopkins <fc Co., Bob
Levrie of the Morgan <fe Wright Tire
Company, William Clabrough of Cla
brotigh, Golcher & Co., E. Lozier of Lozier
& Co., T. H. B. Varney of the Bicyclo
rama, James Joyce of the Pope slan
ufacturing Comnany, W. B. Bryan of
the Sterling Cycle Company, True
worthy of the Park Cyclery,
Con well of the Indiana Bicycle Company
C. T. Morwedel of Morwedel & (^ o
W. J. Pixlev of the Deerinc Implement
Company, Bernaze of the Overman Wheel
Company, Walters of the Gladiator Com
pany. Onnford of Davis Bros., Chapman
of the steams Company, Winton Dubois
of Baker & Hamilton, Quinn of the
Miners' Iron Works Company, Brandt of
Baker & Hamilton and H.bclireiner
GRAND COURSING MEET
The Interstate Club Has Entered First-
Class Dogs for Sunday's
Races.
The Interstate Coursing Club will hold
its next meeting at Newark on Sunday
and judging from the great interest that is
manifested in the coursing, a very lar-e
leathering of leashmen will be present!
The following is a result of the drawing:
James F. Grace's Nellie Courdy vs T J
Cronin'B Dottie Dimple, J. H. Perrigo's
Longfellow vs. Riley & Dillon's LadyFitz- :
gerald, J. Rossetter's Kitty Scot vs.
Smitn's Manuka, P. Curlis 1 West Side vs. j
Riley & Dillon's Fleetfoot, M. Travnor's I
Valley # Maid vs. P.Gorman's Kingston, 1
Robinson & Payton's Flying Buck vs.
Kiley & Dillons Sunol,' T. Butler's
busie vs. J. R. Dickson's Camila, M. i
Rogers Sly Boy vs. Robinson's & Pav
i? Ini1 n i, Master Glenkirk, If. Traynor's
flashlight vs. Robinson & Pavton's Mil
ler s Maid, H. M. N. Spring's Bill Nye vs.
Kossetter's Emm Pasha, Rossetter's
Kaparhoe vs. Rossetter's San Joaquin.
The prizes will be |60, $40 and $20. Judge,
Jobn Grace; slipper, James Grace; field
stewards, Charles Griswold, D. Shannon j
P. Riley and T. McHugb; slip steward, i
J. R. Dicksoa-
FAi L Cq
Jtiwnkk
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco* Leading Speclalliit,
SrCCEssl-l-1.1.Y TREATS ALL CHROVIO
O diseases of the h ad. throat, lungs, heart, siom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney trouble*, disorJer*
of the bladder ar>l urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the c.. in Is.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power In either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bAshfulness. falling memory and ail the dlnres*-
Ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an I permanently cured. Gonorrhea, Gleet. Stno
tore and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syyi.
Die, thoroughly and forever cured.
WUlTKyour troubles if living away from ttM
city and advice will be slven you free of char
Address r L. a WKAN v . XL D..
7a7Marke: St. (opposite Kxamtner office),
San I'rancisco, CaL
THESUCCESSOFTiIISEASi
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
•5— — OF THE
PALACE HOTEL,
i DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
§J Ww PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
ingall forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
■ eases. Over 20 yparß' experience. Book sent free.
; Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
i Hours, 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays,
! 10 to 12. Consultation free «nd sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address
p. roscoi: tuc'svt.tv. 3f.»..
' 26 1 Keurn.r Street, San Franriwo, Cal.
DR.WOSGWOO
Chinese Drue* £P^>JSa
and Tea and Herb mgF
Sanitarium, C?
776 CLAY STIiKET, . fjL W
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, KjjjH A^ vlf
ban Francisco. ■ I*"/ *sS^ /%
I, the undersigned, have mi £ v iff
been cured from X dn-v ftdpMß. Uf
tronble, from which I fc- hSET > A^ 1
Buffered for over 10 years, f vlj^^ J 3
by Dr. Wong Woo. fe^^P" 1^ jffl jt rf
Oilice hours : 9 :30 to 11 Bsi^E3£^^!il^4i.ik
a. M. -, it03,7t0 9 p. m. ™HSEHSK#iBaK3»
' ■
Baja California
Darniana Bitters
I Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tl»»
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
sre&t remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der, a great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine,
Bells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
xNABIiK, HLFS St BKI/NK, Agents,
32 Market St., S. F.— (.send for Circular.)
IRON BEDS,
C«_ll ■ 1 ' BRASS BEDS,
<^ m ~~"f FOLDING BEDS' '
Wire and Hair Mat-
• . . tresses, Kecllnln<
! Chairs, Wheel Ch»ir»,
" " -Jj Commodes, Back Rest*
0 ftifftlff ' w - A. schrock;
i'-i. L _ ■ IJ2JJS* , New Montgomery
M J^ 1 "" J St., under liraaa
*^ Hotel. S. F.
OOSIVIOPOIjITAN 1 ,
■ Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and XO3 Fifth st., Sao
1- ran Cisco, Cal.— The most, select family hotel in
the city. Board aui room. $1, $1 125 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals -be. Rooms, 500
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
I .Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. KAHKV, l'roprietut
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHARLKS H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT
v; law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
Fell st. Telephone "Pine" 2591.
Wriilt's, Indian yegalile fills
Are acknowledged by thousands of ' persons who
have used them for over fort v years to S»
BICK HEADACHE, GlDlil\-E.S S CONSTtPA
Crossman's SBscificlffixtore
C c ha CUre «lf«n»«»ve.
change in appl^ation^T.siness.^Th^ <U^- or
contains nothing that U of the iet.t , t me<llcln »
constltuuon. Askyour 4^'^ 'S^TRAGEDY OF THE
SOUTHWEST GALE.
The British Ship Blairmore
Capsizes in Mission
Bay.
SIX SAILORS ENTOMBED.
A Strong Wind Against a Flood
Tide, Then a Sudden
Lurching.
NJNE OF THE CHEW RESCUED.
Unavailing Efforts to Pierce the Iron
Hull and Save the Imprisoned
Men.
First Mate Thomas Ludgate.
Sailmaker T. Kenebaum.
Steward Samuel Kenny.
Able Seamen A. I.y n»t raml and H. F.
Clark.
Apprentice Roland Kmil Slegle.
The British ship Blairraore capsized
yesterday morning in Mission Bay, half a
mile lrom the wharves of the Union Iron
Works.
In view of the peculiar combination of
circumstances at the time, it is not aston
ishing that the five men and a boy who
were caged up in the vessel's hull were
drowned despice the prompt efforts of
John T. Scott and his men to release
them.
A light, cranky vessel, heavily sparred
aloft, against whose clumsy top-hamper
biew strong puffs of a southwest gale, and
a flood tide pushing in a contrary direction
furnished the conditions of yesterdays
fatal marine drama.
Wednesday night and Thursday morn
ing had been blustery and squally, with
rain, hail and wind. It was so much so
that Captain Caw of tie Blairmore found
it necessary to drop two anchors in addi
tion to the one already holding his ship's
no«e shoreward. This was a precaution
ary measure that probably prevented the
disaster from occurring earlier, but which
later on assisted in bringing it about.
The ship lay east and west as the flood
tide began tilling the south arm cf the
bay, and she tugged at her anchor-chains
as though trying to tear away. The south
west wind, coming in occasional blasts,
swept through the rigeing and caught the
vessel broadside, toppling her over to star
board in a most threatening manner. She
■:v 260 tons of ballast aboard, and
Captain i';nv caused his men to lower all
her upper yards to the topgallant spars,
trusting that by lightening her in this
manner she would withstand the double
action of the water on her keel and the
wind aloft.
His judgment, however, was defective.
The old ship ill a i might have easily
fougnt lier w; t y out of the weather if
turned loose with Etqu&red sails, succumbed
to the inevitable when hampered with
chains. She was actually tipped :ver jii9t
as a Lofty pine tree is grounded by the
woodsman who attaches ropes to its top
ami pulls while another uses the ax at its
trunk.
The Blairmore could not stand the pres
sure. She was thoroughly unprepared for
it with her light load of ballast.
It was evident to the saiiors aboard that
the vessel was in great danger, and shortly
after H o'clock, whan the wind was at its
.height and the men were ordered out to
wash decks on all vessels in that part of
the bay, every skipper saw that there was
strong likelihood of a catastrophe.
Captain Caw alone appeared to be ob
livious to the danger that was threaten
enirif;. He ordered his men between decks
and into the bilge to scrape and clean the
insides.
Captain Marshall with the tug Active
was within a few hundred feet of the
Blairmore shortly before she careened.
He was towing a vessel down the bay the
time, but, seeing the danger in which the
anchored ship was, he dropped his hawser
and put off to the rescue.
His object was to make fast to the
B'airmore on the weather side and help
her riirht herself. He could have done
even more by turning her nose into the
wind, but Captain Caw refused the
proffered assistance believing his old ship
would weather the gale.
Captain Brokaw of the tug Alert was
less than a quarter of a mile away. He
j realized ttie Blairmore's predica
ment, and following the action of the
Active he steamed toward the ship.
1! c had not pone far before the starboard
cross-jack, main and fore yard arms were
dipping into the waters of the bay, the
lower and upper topsail yards following
soon after. When the action of the flood
tide came to bear on these spars, there was
no power on earth to prevent the capsizing,
and Captain Caw, too late, saw the disas
ter thai must follow.
He and .T. L. Watson were on deck near
th° after hatch in front of the cabin, and
as with one voice, they yelled to their
shipmates to hurry from below, that the
s h i I > was going over.
There were ten men in the hold busily
•'1 in trying to keep their balance
and still worn. That some of them at
leuM knew or felt they were in great
danger is evinced by the fact that in the
few moments, seconds in fact, which it
took the vessel to make her last turn five
of them managed to climr> up the hatch
way and force their way out against the
rush of water pouring in.
i -r.-t Mate Thomas Ludgate was with
w in the hold and with the others
he made a gallant light for his life. He
mong the foremost to reach the main
bat as he grasped for the coamings
: • apstan bar, picked up by the rush
waters. was swept into the hatch,
striking him a cruel blow and knocking
him back into the abyss.
irst mate and Steward Samuel
Kenny were the only two men who are
kn vii to he drowned that were seen by
those who were saved.
Kenny was in the galley where thestar
boara door was wide open. When the
ship careened the water rushed in, filling
the place before Kenny could unhook the
port door and tnnk« his escape. Although
above decks Kenny's fate was no better
than that of those who remained below.
All this occurred in but a very short
space of time, daring which incidents
crowded in upon the participants at a rate
that can hardly be estimated. Captain
Caw was perched high up on the weather
rail hanging on to an iron belaying-pin
with one hand and to his shepherd aog
with the other.
Second Mate D. McDonald, Third Mate
William Melville, Carpenter J. L. Watson,
and Apprentices J. B. Pope, A. Powell,
Henry Bell and Stewart Marwick had been
caught by the waves and were badly
bruised and battered against the shrouds,
where they clung in despair and whence
they were afterward picked up by the
small boats from the surrounding ships.
It should be stated that the officers in
charge of the vessels around the Blair
more distinguished themseives by the
prompt and admirable work they did. No
sooner did the ship capsize than half a
dozen boats were lowered from their dav
its and manned for action. It is due to
this alertness more than to anything else
that so many lives were saved. The vessels
that did this effective work were the Ital
ian ship Caterina Accame, the British
ships Kllisland, Alexandria and British
The Blairmore When Yesterday Morning's Southwester Struck Her. When She Heeled Over and Did Not Recover the Ships Ellisland,
Alexandra and Caterina Accame Sent Boats to Her Assistance.
Yeoman, and the American brig John D.
Spreckels.
Far away, over at the Union Iron Works
wharf, lay the tug Rockaway. Superin
tendents John Scott and Dickie were
aboard of her watching the threatened
catastrophe through marine glasses.
When it occurred they were not slow in
acting. They went out to the rescue
at once.
The masts and spars had all disappeared
and the port side of her lazily swung in
the swash of the bay. There was a vast
expanse exposed, however, perhaps 200
feet by 15 in surface, but hardly over three
feet out of water. All entrances to the
ship were under water, and the air still
inside the hull kept the vessel afloat.
If the unfortunate five men within man
aged to escape the sidings and the ballast
which must have tumbled dangerously
about them during the roll-over, there was
one chance for their being still alive, float
ing in the hull at the air level in the
bilge.
The Union Iron Works men say that
when they reached the vessel they could
hear those within yelling and pounding
on the vessel's bottom.
Superintendents Scott and Dickie and
their workmen boarded the upturned hull,
and immediately proceeded to cut a hole
through the vessel s Bteel plates. They
trusted that they could save the men be
fore the air rushing out would cause her to
sink completely.
The eighteen-inch hole was partly
chiseled through, and with a strong blow
with a sledge the plate was smashed in.
T he compressed air within burst out, and
as the tremendous weight of the hull
pressed downward the water gushed out in
a perfect geyser to the height of twenty
odd feet. The workmen hardly had time
to cet off the winking hull to the tug, leav
ing their tools behind.
A moment later all of the British ship
Blairmore was hidden below the surface of
the bay.
The ship lay in over seven fathoms of
water, and it was not until late in tne
afternoon, at low tide, that her side, ap
pearing like a huge whale asleep on the
bay's surface, peeped out as a resting place
for the seagulls. These scavengers of the
THREE SURVIVING APPRENTICE BOYS OF THE LOST BLAIRMORE.
sea perched there ss if watching for the ad
vent of the poor sailors within.
The British ship Blairmore of Glasgow,
belonging to Thompson & Dickie, is of the
same line as tbe Edenballymore, at pres
ent lying at Sausahto, and the Craigmore,
now on her way here from New South
Wales. She was a steel vessel, 264 feet in
length, 39 feet of beam and 23 feet of hold.
She was of nearly 1800 tonnage.
She arrived here early in February with
a cargo of coal, and owing to the low char
ters to be obtained at the present time she
was lying in Mission Bay, in ballast and
being cleaned.
Excepting the case of the Earl of Dal
housie, when two sailors were drowned
about eight years ago in this bay, no other
capsizing of a sailing vessel has occurred in
these waters.
Commendable and prompt action on the
part of the Federal Government is cvi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10. 1896.
denced by the following self-explanatory
communication :
Office of United States Liohthousk In-)
bpectok, Twelfth District,
Sax Francisco, Cal., April 9, 1896. >
Notice to mariners. San Francisco Bay, Cal.—
Notice is hereby given that a temporary light
ship has Deen placed about 100 yards west
southwest of the wreck of tho ship Blairmore,
capsized and sunk in six and a half fathom* of
water one mile off Potrero Point, San Fran
cisco Bay, California.
The v«ssel is a scow schooner, painted blue
with wnite bulwarks, showing from sunset to
sunrise every night two white lights, one from
eacn mast, about thirty feet above the water.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
Frank Courtis, Commander, U.S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
PIERCING THE HULL.
A Heroic Effort on the Part of the
Union Iron Works Employes
to Rescue the Sailors.
Superintendents John T. Scott and James
A. Dickie of the Union Iron WorKs went
out to the wrect in the yard tugßockaway
at 8:15 in the morning, about an hour and
a quarter after the vessel went over. They
were accompanied by several workmen
with their tools, and their puroose was to
make an effort to rencue the six men im
prisoned in the iron hull.
"When we reached the Blairmore," said
Mr. Bcott yesterday afternoon, "all the
other tugs and boats were gone and the
side, or bilge, of the ship showed abjut
three feet above the surface of the bay. It
was a melancholy sight, that great yellow
metal coffin of six human beings. Our ob
ject was to attempt their rescue, if they
were alive, by piercing the hull. We were
well aware that this was a foriorn hope, as
a hole drilled tkrough an iron plate would,
if she were not aground, instantly liberate
the imprisoned air and send her to the
bottom. But we could see that the air was
escaping, because fountains of water were
spurting up like big geysers from the sub
merged cabin windows and ventilators.
And to hurry ub in our work, the tide was
rising fast.
"First we wished to ascertain if the hull
was really aground and for that purpose
took soundings. The lead line marked
six and one-half fathoms or thirty-nine
feet and we calculated that a ship her ton
nage would have a beam of about forty
two feet. This would let her rest on the
bottom of the bay with three feet above
water.
"So we considered it safe to open the '
hull and went to work with our tools. We
chalked out an eighteen-inch square in one
of the plates, cutting almost through the
three-fourths of an inch thickness of plate.
When we began to hammer at the hull we
heard the groans and shouts of the men
inside and these spurred us on to hasten
their deliverance. The air kept gushing ■
out of the ventilators making the water I
boil around them and the rising tide was j
closine in upon us. I tell you we worked i
with a will, for it was a race between our
chisels and the threatening water. We
kept the tug close alongside ready to drop
our tools and spring aboard if the hull
suddenly dropped farther down.
"All the time we could hear tne noise of
the men inside imprisoned in the com
pressed and foul air. We cut through the
iron clear around the square to a thin skin
just barely enough to hold the almost de
tached piece of plate in its place.
"Then came the critical moment, and
we prepared to break the piece in with our
heavy sledge-hammers. The tide was be
ginning to lap over the plate which we had
pierced, and in a short time it, too, would
be beneath the water.
"Then we struck together. Two good,
sure blows and the piece fell in— and my
God, I shall never forget what then took
place.
"The air seemed to heave itself out of
the vessel in a solid body, and the hull
dropped, I might say, right from under
us. The water rushing in through the
gaping hole would meet the ascending
force from below and be driven upward
fully ten feet with a tremendous roar.
"As the hull went lower the upward
rush of air and water ceased. Even the
ventilators stopped their gushing, and so
the waters of the bay rolled over the
sunken Blairmore.
"With all of the buoyant air out of her
the dead weight of the great iron hull set
tled three or four feet further in the mud
before we could get at the men. We knew
we were near some of them and if the ves
sel had been resting on anything like a
hard bottom, as we had hoped she was,
we could have rescued them if they were
then alive. We fully understood that we
only had a bare chance of success in our
humane endeavors, and we worked with
all the skill and dispatch possible. We
knew from the gushing of the water over
the open places in the submerged part of
the hull that the imprisoned air was es
caping fast, and that with the rising tide,
which would rill the vessel when the huli
was free of the air, would end all life
within the Rreat iron tank. We did our
best to save the poor fellows and we were
grieved when the effort failed. But it is ':
too sad a thing to talk further about . and
1 don't think I can say any more. I would
have given anything to hava.been able to
lift those men out of that sinking hull, but
we could not." . .
♦
THE DEATH-TRAP.
Stories of the Apprentice Boys Who
Were at Work Down In the
Lower Hold.
Stewart, Marwick, an intelligent 19-year
old apprentice boy, was down in the lower
hold chipping the iron-rust from the ves
sel's side. He was standing on a sort of
staging rigged over the dirt ballast that
lay on the bottom of the hull. Above him
was the between-deck, which is merely a
sort of balcony around a long and wide
open hatch. On this between deck was
piled a lot of barrels of beef and a mass of
heavy planking used In stowing cargo.
When the vessel went over on her beam
onds these barrels and planks fell into the
hold among the men straggling to escape.
Second Mate McDonald had his foot
crushed and Apprentice Siegle was struck
down by the flying timbers, and it is pos
sible that some of the unfortunate men
were more or less injured, possibly killed,
in this manner.
"The ship was rolling to starboard all
morning," said Marwick in an interview,
"and as I knew she had been behaving in
a cranky way I was a little nervous. Pres
ently aho listed so fdr over that 1 jumped
from the staging and was making for the
ladder, but she came back and I thought
she was all right, and I went back to my
work.
"But she began to go again and the stuff
between-decks began to slide to leeward.
Farther and fartner she went slowly but
surely over till the deck was almost up and
down. The beef barrels and lumber came
flying down through the open hatch into
the hold, and the dirt and rock ballast be
gan to pour a perfect avalanche to the
lower side. Several of U3 made a break
for the ladder for we knew the ship was
gone. This ladder was not fastened, but
stood on the ballast reaching up to the
between-decks hatch. It was knocked
down and our chances of getting out of
the hold by that means was cut off.
"I heard the second mate cry out when
a plank or something struck him, and Ap
prentice Siegle was struck on the bead.
The whole thing passed so quickly that I
can't remember all that took place. I
Know we were all trying to escape; and it
was every man for himself. The rolling,
pitching and bumping of the barrels,
boards and ballast on the one side of the
ship made a horrible din, and that, with
the knowledge that we would probably be
drowned like caged rats made us frantic—
at least it did me.
>"Then the water began to pour a great
flood through the open hatches, filling the
hull. I found myself clinging to a beam
with a death-like grip and somehow I
managed to get out in the open air and on
to the upper rail clear of the water. The
second mate was helped up near me, where
he clung groaning with his wounded foot.
At Low Water the Seagulls Made a Roosting- Place Out of the Submerged Vessel's Keel, and Even the
Tugs That Carried the Curious to the Wreck Could Not Scare Them Away.
Men Were Sent from the Union Iron Works to Cut a Hole in the Bottom of the Submerged Ship. When
They Had Accomplished This the Confined Air Threw Up a Stream of Water and the Ship Went Down.
The ship sunk till only a part of her side
was above the water and we thought she
would go down under us. We saw a num
ber of boats from other ships making for
us as fast as they could come and we were
taken off by the Cromdale's gig.
"So our ship and six mates and every
thing we own is under the bay. We ap
prentice boys will probably be sent to the
Edenballymore, now at Sausalito, as she
belongs to the same firm as did the Blair
more. The Craigmore, another ol our
ships, is on her way to this port. Maybe
we will get in her."
Apprentice James Pope was also caught
in the lower hold, and although struck
with a heavy piece of flying timber, suc
ceeded in escaping from the deathtrap.
He was thrown down to leeward with the
falling ballast and almost buriea in the
rocks and dirt, but miraculously made his
way up through the hatch.
'•All the after part ol the night the ship
had been rolling over to the strong gusts
of wind, because she was so empty and the
ballast wouldn't hold her steady. Once,
about 2 o'clock in the morning, we jumped
out of our bunks when she careened so far,
thinking that her time had come, but she
righted herself slowly. When she was
empty she was as cranky as a dying top,
because she was so heavily sparred. While
I was at work in the hold I didn't like the
way she rolled — a sort of death wallow ;
but I chipped away at the iron rust and
watched her list.
"I can't tell how I escaped from the
awful uproar ana confusion of that hold.
I did not hear anybody speak or cry out.
We just hurried for the ladder, which fell
down upon us. We had no time nor
breath for words. I believe some of the
men were injured, if not killed, by being
struck with the flying stuff in the hold."
Hamilton Bell, another apprentice, had
been working below, but just before the
ship went over was called up on deck by
the carpenter. He had just stepped on
deck and was almost thrown back in the
lower hold by the careening of the vessel.
Had he fallen there would have been one
more unfortunate.
He made his way out of the lee scup
pers, into which he had been thrown, and
found a safe perch on the upper rail.
"I saw the captain hanging on to one of
the boats," said he, "with one hand and
on to his dog with the other. He became
exhausted, and I believe the dog did much
to hold his master up. The water swept
everything not lashed off the upper deck,
even the chickens in their coops. The
cook, Samuel Kenny, was in the cabin and
he was lost. Poor Roland Siegle's time
was almost expired and he was going
home soon to pass his examination for an
officer's berth.
"Last night as we were coming aboard
he looked up at the ship and jokingly
said 'I wish the old hooker would turn
over.' That was a fatal wish indeed, and
was granted with sad results. Siegle was
18 years old, and came from West Nor
wood, near Dulwich, London. He was
the only apprentice-boy lost out of the six
we had.
"When the ship began to dip far down,
Carpenter Watson called down the bold
for all hands to save themselves. The
water was pouring over the lee hatch
combing and I doubt if any heard him.
"I understand that the first mate in the
hold with the men was knocked down by
a heavy piece of timber and disabled. He
grabbed a line, but the water running over
the hatch washed him further down in the
hold."
Third Officer Melville was in the hold
and escaped when the ship went over by
clinging to a ladder. He says that the in
coming water drove the unfortunate men
back from the hatches and drowned them
like rats in a trap. There was no chance
to help each other, and it was every man
for himself.
Captain John Caw was on deck when his
ship took her fatal roll, and as she settled
in the bay clung to a boat. He held on to
his dog and did not let the animal go until
it was safely deposited in the Cromdale's
gig. When seen after the disaster he was
so affected by the loss of his ship and men
that he could hardly speak.
"It was so quickly done," said he, "that
1 can't explain how it happened. The
tide was bearing us one way and the strong
puffs of wind blowing us the other, and
over we went. My poor ship bowed her
self down, and she's gone. But my poor
men — that's tne worst of all. I can't talk
about it."
Captain White of the ship British Yeo
man seated that one of his men saw the
Blairmore going over.
"I ordered a boat called away," he said,
"and pulled away for the sinking ship.
We took several men off her rails, and she
soon disappeared under the bay. I never
saw anything so quickly done in my life.
The Cromdale's fast gig wa3 the first to
reach the wreck and take off some of the
crew."
Captain Marshall in the tug Active was
towing the ship Alexandra near the Blair
more when she went over. He immedi
ately cast off and hurried to the founder
ing vessel. He tried to get a line to the
ship, hoping to hold her up, but she was
NEW ' TO-DAY.
We think the best way to get your regular
trade is to give you a bargain you will not
forget for a long time. This great $7.25 •
sale has set a buzz of talk going on over the
entire city. No man who needs clothes and
cares to make his dollars reach double length
or so, will care to miss this sale. Blue and
Black Cheviots, checks in nobby patterns,
and stylish, mixed grays— regular $10, $12
and $15 suits— single and double breasted
•■; sacks, for $7.25.
The price is astonishing ? Well, you
will be more astonished when you see the
goods. They are everything that good suits
should — best material, honestly made in
the latest prevailing fashion, and warranted
to fit.
This sale began yesterday — will end
to-morrow. To miss, it will be the mistake
of your life.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
BEWARE of firms imitating our name r~" A i I\if A T^l/TT 1 O'T
■nd methods. Our only branch in 041 I VI J\ I"* TV IL I^l -
S.F.lsat2ll Mootgomery st. V-FTI ITiniUVU M. \J_ .1 .
under the water before he could hook on.
Captain Barfield of the Alexandra sent his
boats and crew to the rescue.
The tug Alert was soon at the scene and
tried to render assistance. Captain
Brokaw says that the air escaping from
the 31airmore's hold threw streams of
water fifteen feet high. It was impossible
to do anything to save the vessel, and al
though the bay was full of tugs, they wera
powerless.
Samuel Kenny, the cook and steward,
was a native of New York, aged about 35
years. He shipped aboard of the ship in
this port March 11.
First Mate Ludgate was 30 years old, a
native of England and unmarried.
Seaman Henry Clark was a, Scotchman
and about 30 years old.
Apprentice Roland Emil Siegle was a
native of London, aged 18.
Seaman G. Rennebaum was a native of
Germany and about 33 years of age.
H. Synstrand, the watchman, was born
in the Island of Mauritius about 45 years
ago.
At low tide in the evening a portion of
the yellow hull could be seen above the
water, with the waves breaking over it.
Captain Caw reported big loss to the Brit
ish Consul and an effort will be made im
mediately to recover the bodies by divers.
It is estimated that the expense of raising
trie vessel from her muddy bed will be
enormous.
A Deserted Wife.
Mrs. Lena Levin, a young married woman,
arrived here a wee* ago from New York in
search of her husband, who deserted her. Hit
name is Max A. Levin, and he came hereabout
four months ago with another woman. He
left her without means, and she was compelled
to work to earn enough money to pay her fare.
She is living with friends at 38 Birch avenue.
She was vainly seeking to obtain a warrant
yesterday for her husband's arrest, as she had
learned he was to leave Dy the next steamer
lor Australia with the other woman.
The very mild winter in Britain baa
retarded the season on the Riviera, but
Cannes is full.
56
Wkt (fell
' CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
* i
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rally »rd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. $0.19
I>»'ly and Sunday Cam., one year, by mail.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Sally and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mail.. .63
feencay Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Wukly Call, one year, by mail 1.40
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Main-IMS
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
rrltphOße Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
BSO Montgomery atreet, corner Clay; ©pen nnt'J
• :S0 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark.la street : open until 9:30 o'clock. '
t\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
cd* 9 o'clock.
3518 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
118 Mutt street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE t
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Books SI and 32, &* Park. Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Atent. ;
FRIDAY APRIL 10. 1898 \
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
To the monopolvthis is not a festival
spring by any means.
Utah has taken a bold stand for free sil
ver, and California will stand with her.
It is strange how much new oratory we
can get on Cuba without getting any new
facts.
By and by the Junta fellows will have
to call in the Euckley gang to give them a
haraionic tone.
The Italians may have intended a colony
in Africa, but they have started nothing
but a graveyard.
It seems clear now tuat the Bradley
boom in Kentucky has been busted in the
process of inflation.
San Francisco never goes altogether to
sleep, and owlcars are necessary for the
work of l»er people.
Can the Railroad Commissioners reduce
streetcar fares is one question, and will
they do it is another.
The agitation for a better and cheaper
Ftreetcur service to the suburbs will soon
be a lively mo\ •-•men:.
<iet ready for 'he Republican primaries,
and be prepared to vote for straight poli
tics and straight men.
American silver mines should have the
fostering care of the Government as much
as any other industry.
We must Lave subsidies for American
Bhipping if ire i \;>ect to nu-et England on
equal terms on the sea.
It is to be hoped the Congressional reso
lutions on the Cuban Question will have a
moral effect op Grover.
If Corbett and Fitzsinimoas would only
•c rival Democratic factions they
could fight at any time.
1 v- land i< admitted to be the only
J Democratic candidate for the Pres
■ and he's a paiadox.
That Senator Turpie should attack two
n ■ - - -.man and Lodge doesn't
constitute a cas:- of turpitude.
forni&'s industry and energy have
outgrown | \ the monopoly, and
something has got xo aive way.
About the (lily effect of the concurrent.
ttiona so far has been to give the Cu
ban debate a fresh Mart on a new tack.
If the. British expedition «jp thp Nile is
to be of any help to the Italians at K&s-ala
it will have to expedite itself in a hurry.
The Cubans may not yet have succeeded
in completing their revolution, but they
seem to be able to swing round the circle
at ease.
Spanish feeline is becoming too euitry
for Americans in Madrid and it is liable to
net a little unhealthful for the Spaniards
It is a paradox of local politics that
Kuiney hopes to increase his prestige
among the fool factions of Democracy by
getting Wise.
Ihc Bering Sea controversy will proba
bly be settled this summer as it was last
summer by being allowed to go over until
next summer.
"Free harbor or no harbor is a logical
cry in Los Angeles, for if the harbor is not
free it will be virtually no harbor for any
but the monopoly.
The interests of the whole Pacific Coast
are as one on the subject of silver-mining,
and all Paciiic Coa>t men should work to
gether in maintaining them.
The Southern Pacific ot Kentucky would
have fewer enemies in California "politics
if it did not show itself every day to be the
enemy of California busim-.-<.
While we are talking about the Nica
ragua canal the French are working at
Panama, and while our route is best their
way is likely to get there first.
Missionary Knapp of Armenia has been
arrested by the Turks on a charge of sedi
tion, and it is probable he has been preach
ing about liberty or praying for justice.
As Senator Teller and Senator Hoar have
for once agreed on a measure of financial
legislation it is evident the proposition
must he either very good or something
horrid.
Legislation that will revive silver-mining
in Nevada will revive business in San
Francisco. The attachment between Cali
fornia ana her si?ter State is something
more than a sentiment.
It looks as if the regenta of the univer
sity have decided not to reflect discredit
on the Government !>y starting the build
ings for the Affiliated Colleges before the
Postoffice gets a move on.
The amicable settlement of the strike on
the Parrott building is a matter of general
congratulation, and now let us hope the
whole .strike can Oe settled in the same
way, and industry begin again.
If a homesteader does not fuiiilJ the re
quirements of the National homestead
law, he is promptly turned out of his
holding, and if a railroad boss does not
fulfill the law of his obliaations to the
Government, fie should be turned out just
the same as an ordinary citizen.
OALirOENIA TOR SILVER.
The action of the Republican State Con
vention in Utah in rirruly taking an ad
vanced stand on behaif of the silver inter
ests of the West Mill no doubt awaken a
responsive movement throughout the Pa
cific Coast. Certainly California will re
spond to it and will give all the aid of her
influence and her power in assisting her
sister States to defend an interest common
to them all. Of that much there can be no
question. It will, in fact, be a strange de
velopment in our politics if the whole of
the Greater "West does not stand as a
united force to maintain the cause of silver
whenever and wherever it may be assailed.
It is well that California should speak
out clearly and forcibly at this time, for in
some quarters an attempt has been made
to represent the people of this State as
being lukewarm in the contest. Because
this is the iand of gold, because we have no
large silver mines within our borders, it has
been supposed that seif-interest would im
pel us to take sides with the monometal
list? and support the single gold standard,
careless of what might be ihe consequence
to the silver-mining States. This supposi
tion must be refuted. The people of Cali
fornia are in favor of free coinage of silver.
The gold-miners themselves are in favor
of it. There is no interest in this State op
posed to the interests of our aister States.
Every intelligent man who has had any
long experience in California knows how
closely the welfare of our people is allied
to that of the people of all the mining
States and Territories. When silver-min
ing nourished San Francisco nourished.
California flourished. Our merchants, our
farmers, our manufacturers did a business
with the silver-mining towns and camps
that yielded a profit to all forms of our in
dustry. Some of the Btati st buildings
in this City wereerected by * eatth brought
from silver mines, and from the same
source came the money that ha 3 estab
lished many a fine farm, a fruitful orchard
or a comfortable home in the valleys and
towns of the interior.
There cannot be a great and prosperous
city without a great and prosperous coun
try to sustain it. To make San Francisco
all that it should be we must build up not
only California but the Greater West. A
new impulse will be felt reviving all the
energies of California as soon as the silver
mines are reopened in Nevada, Arizona
and New Mexico. Our gold mines will not
be injured by this competition. On the
contrary they will to some extent be bene
iited, for the work in the silver mines
will cause such an additional demand for
mining machinery that it wiil be made in
larger quantities and consequently at a
cheaper proportional cost.
Our experience of what Has happened in
San Francisco and in California generally
s-ince the shutting down of the silver
mines is all the proof that intelligent men
can require of the benefits we derived from
those mines when they were in profitable
operation. In common with the rest of
the world we have suffered from the fall
in prices, the depression in trade, the
weakening of industry and the difficulty
of debt-paying caused by the demonetiza
tion of silver, but our loss has been greater
than that of other regions, for in addition
to these indirect consequences we have
suffered a direct injury in the loss of the
output of the mines themselves. It is to
our interest, in short, to have all the mines
of the Great West profitably working.
This i.* indeed the gold-producing State,
but it is a part of a great silver-producing
region to whose interests it is inseparably
bound by every tie of business and in
dustry.
PAYING PEOBLEMS.
The familiar fact that one improvement
leads to others is illustrated in the case of
the Corbett road and Market street. The
work of widening and macadamizing the
former picturesque highway was no sooner
put under way than the bicycle-dealers
organized ana are now moving earnestly
for a better pavement in Market street. Ex-
Mayor Pond has pointed out a serious
difficulty which he encountered when he
tried to secure a good pavement for that
street. The City offered to bear hail tbe
expense if the property-owners would as
sume the re-it. He made a canvass and
secured the assent of three-fourths of the
property frontage, but because a fourth
held out tue improvement could not be
made.
A similar difficulty may be expected in
all such undertakings. Not nntil there is
a general spirit of progress, such as has
made Chicago one of the wonders of the
age, will tbere be that intelligent co
operation from which good results come.
The people of San Francisco have as good
pavements as they deserve. The City can
occupy no higher a commercial position
than its inhabitants create tnrough an
understanding of tbe benefits resulting
from enterprise. The great question is to I
devise some scheme which shall measur- {
ably compensate for the indifference of
the people.
A law to meet such a difficulty as that
encountered by Mr. Pond is dearly needed.
It could compel the backward to do their
share where they are in a reasonably small
minority. Under the present system one
fourth of the property-owners on Market
street can prevent not only their own proD
erty but also that of the majority from
enhancing greatly in value as the result
of a good pavement. The rule of the ma
jority prevails in this country, and might
well be enforced in such a case as this.
The right of a few unprogressive citizens
to block the whole City should not be rec
ognized.
As the Ftreet has been accepted, it can
not be repaved under the present law ex
cept by tiie City or the voluntary con
tributions of the fronting property-owners.
The City has the power under certain con
tingencies to assist private owners who
want to asust themselves. If they do not
choose to do this the whole City must suf
fer. A law might be passed requiring the
backward minority to do their share. That
is one tiling to bj considered.
Another is the issuance of municipal
bonds. This can be done for special or
general purposes. Market street is con
spicuously the thoroughfare of all the peo
ple. Any beneik to it is a benefit to every
property-owDer in town. Its disgraceful
condition under these circumstances is the
most eloquent evidence that the people
need regeneration before they can expect
San Francisco to occupy the position to
which its superb natural advantages en
title it.
TELLER'S BANK BILL.
Senator Teller of Colorado has thrown a
bomDshell into the national bank system
of the country by introducing a bill requir
ing such banks to keep their reserve at
home instead of sending it to New York
and other reserve centers, there to be lent
to stock speculators. New York is the
great-beneficiary of the plan now in vo»ue,
as Mr. Teller asserts that in September
last the banks of that c-ity held $200,000,000
of reserve required to be kept by outlying
national banks. Of course a small interest
is paid by the New York banks for the
money.
Mr. Teller's idea is that the country
banks' should be required to keep at least
a large proportion of their reserves at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
home, so as to prevent the accumu
lation of money in the reserve cities. The
suggestion is interesting. These banks aie
scattered all over the country, and by
reason of the special grace which they en
joy at the hands of the Government are in
a sense a pioper engine of the Government
for promoting the development of the na
tion. New York's domination in fkian-
cial matters has always been felt as a bur
den, and Wall street is a byword from
ocean to ocean. That the stock manipu
lators there enjoy the extraordinary ad
vantage of being able to use the national
bank reserve from all parts of the country
is a surprising condition of thing 9 and ex
plains much of the hardship suffered by
the people at large.
A large proportion of the internal devel
opment of the United States comes from
European capital. The investment means
a steady drain on the country in the shape
of interest and dividends. The national
bank money kept on deposit in New York
of course cannot be placed in permanent
improvements and hence is withdrawn
from the possioility of use in that way. So
long as the profits of manufacture and
production in the United States were
large the drain to Europe was not seri
ously felt, but now that margins have been
reduced it has become a burden. A free
trade tariff has aided materinlly in bring
ing about that condition of affairs, but
under any circumstances the unwisdom
of depending on Europe for developing
capital and using our own money for
speculation is evident.
The national banks would probably find
some good use at home for their reserve.
The laws governing them may require
considerable modification in order that the
banks may not be unjustly restrained of
their liberty, but that need not be a diffi
cult task. The greatest need of this coun
try is an intelligent use of its own capital,
to the end that we may become measur
ably free lrom the domination of Euro
pean financial interest, now so clearly ap
parent as a force affecting our financial
policy. Mr. Teller's bill will liKely create
a sensation, and good may come from at
least a full discussion of the subject.
THE LOS ANGELES CONTEST.
A calm anaiysis of the two meetings
held at Los Angeles Wednesday evening,
one favoring an appropriation for San
Pedro harbor to the exclusion of Santa
Monica, and the other declaring for ap
propriations for both harbors, will show
the following facts: First, that the im
provement of Santa Monica would be the
creation of a monopoly for the Southern
Pacific in the absence of the improvement
of San Pedro also; second, that the im
provement of San Pedro would permit of
competition without relerence to any im
provement of Santa Monica; third, that
there can be no possible hope that Con
gress for a long time to come can be in
duced to make both appropriations, for the
reason that it would be an unfair distribu
tion of public funds in view of the numer
ous purposes for which appropriations are
needed in California.
It is charged that the meeting held in
j favor of both appropriations was
I "drummed up" by the Southern Pacific
j Company in order to show a difference of
I opinion at Los Angeles and thus assist the
1 movement for the defeat of the San Pedro
, proposition. This is a serious charge, as
, thousands of persons attended the meet
\ ing, among them being many of the high
jest patriotism. It is admitted, however,
that many of those in attendance came
from Sauta Mouica and other places con
tiguous to the harbor. Their animus is
, evident, and h&jice their action cannot be
'. hoped to carry great weight. No one will
: deny that the effect of the so-called oppo
■ s'.tion meeting, whatever may have been
I its intention, will be to obstruct the im
j provement of San Pedro and to forward
| the purposes of the Southern Pacific.
Through all this wretched and darna£r
ing confusion one proposition is clearly
| discernible. It is that the desire of
j neither of the meetings should be given
, undue consideration. Neither of these
! harbors exists for the people of Los Angeles
I alone. The principles involved reach in
finitely beyond their local interests.
Southern California has progressed won
derfully in recent years, and back of it
lies a splendid empire east of tne Colorado
River that is rapidly developing and that
, needs a harbor in Southern California.
Still beyond all this lies the consideration
that the whole of the rich territory stretch
ing from Los Angeles to New Orleans and
J from the Rio Grande to Salt Lake needs
such a harbor and would be greatly bene
lited by it.
If the Southern Pacific Company should
succeed in creating such a division among
the people of that city that they cannot
work unitedly for a free harbor, Los An
geles will have committed its first mis
take in the glowing history which it has
j written. It will tie its hands against
I the possibility of receiving the one thing
needed to complete its greatness. Here
tofore that city has been the exemplar of
California, and it should remain true to
its record in this crisis.
CONTEMPORARIES' KIND WORDS.
Forging Ahead.
Lancaster Gazette.
The San Francisco Call is forging ahead as
the leading newspaper of the coast. Short
ridge knows news waen he sees it.
Leads in Circulation.
Auburn Argus.
The Daily Call is fast gaining ground all
over the coast. It leads in circulation now in
/nost a!l important cities. Every business man
in Auburn reads The Call.
For Clean Journalism.
Qulncy Independent.
The San Francisco Call, through its efforts
in the line of cleanly journalism, has wrung
unwilling tribute from its contemporaries /by
forcing them to observe an approximate de
gree of decency. It came none too Boon and
still has a large loaf to leaven.
Gaining Ground.
Alameda Argus.
The Call is gaining ground all over the
coast. It it* very perceptibly making headway
in Alameda. Its tone is good and its Cali
fornian spirit is worthy of commendation.
The Call is not deterred from mentioning
public enterprises and their projectors through
fear that it may thereby give them a free
ad. We are glad to chronicle its march up
ward.
' A Marvelous Growth.
Ellensbnrp; (Wash.) Capital.
In noting the growth of great papers in this
country, the San Francisco Call should not
be lost sight of. Under its present manage
ment it has sprung into wonderful popularity,
and deservedly, too, for in its marvelous
growth it has maintained a dipnity and free
dom from sensationalism that commends it to
those who want all the news in reliable shape.
This T7IE Call gives them, and to-day it stands
at the head of California nevspapere.
Gaining Friend* Every Day.
Woodland Saturday Xiglu.
The San Francisco Call is gaining new
friends every day. It is making a gallant and
persistent fight against the funding bill and the
people appreciate the fact. Another reason
why it is gaining in favor is that it is the only
one of San Francisco's great dailies that sets its
type by hand— all the others use machines.
The laboring classes honor The Call, for it thus
provides bread for hundreds of mouths that
would otherwise go hungry.
Id Hit Way.
Sammeriand Advance.
It looks very much as if Huntington would
make his funding scheme stick. In spite of
his age, Collis is still a pretty good man— in
his way.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
A white-haired and white-bearded man,
arrayed in a light-colored suit of clothes, and
with an Indian hat on his head, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday from far over the seas,
after an absence of no less than forty-eight
years. It was plain to see that he had come
from some mild clime, probably half around
the glnbe. Among the scores of persons in the
hotel office he attracted attention.
The visitor was James Henley of Victoria, j
Australia, and He has a strange history. So ;
queer is it to him that he has come back to try j
and get his bearings agaiu. He used to wort i
in the California gold mines, and he wants to '
brenthe the same refreshing air once more.
When a youth, he came from England to
Pennsylvania with his father's family. They
settled near Pittsburjr. He remained there
eight years, till 1848, till he caught the gold I
James Henley, a Miner of South Yuba in 1848, Who Has Returned Here After an
Absence of Nearly Fifty Years.
[Sketched from life by a "CW artist.]
fever and came on to Oregon. He stayed there
a short time and thtn came to California.
"I mined on the Yuba— the south fork of the
Yuba," said the gentleman, "ana stuck to it
for one summer. It was a pleasant place to try
for cola, and I did well, getting a good deal
of it.
"I was pretty well contented till I heard of
excitement over in Victoria, Australia. It was
another gold furor, and as speedily as I could
I got what few things I bad together and went
over there. I didn't know whether I would
ever get back or not, or what would become of
me.
"But I did well there, too, and eventually I
got into other things. I engaged in the sheep
and hop business, and succeeded pretty well.
I also kept mining a little. I nave flourished
so well that I am satisfied.
"Prices for all kinds of products have been
rather low in Australia, but they are better
now. I notice hops are worth only from. 5 to
7 cents here, which, it appears to me, isn't
half the cost of raising them. We pay 7 cents
lor picking alone. We employ Chinese and
European labor.
"Politically and industrially Australia is
flourishing pretty well. We are through with
booms, at least so we hope, as we are thor
oughly convinced they are damaging to the
country. The Coolgurdie mines are 2000 miles
away irom where I live, so there is not a very
great interest in them.
"We raise a great many sheep in my part of
Australia. The wool is now worth from 7
pence to a shilling a pound, or, in the money
of the United States, from 1-4 to 24 cents.
' 'Now tu&T I am back in California, after an
absence of so long a time. I shall see all I can
of it, renew my youth and enjoy myself as
much as possible."
GRANDPAP'S OPINION ON MASCOTS.
I never was mneh for suoozling
Of gushing 'bout kids at. all,
An' v thing that sets me crazy
Js jest to hear one of 'em squall.
I aiiu *.. no use for po'try.
Like lois of these fellers do-
Slush about "biumberland" and the like,
Au' ••Mo'.her'g Own Googley Uoo!"
But I've got one sup. rs: it urn
That I'm never (join' to chuck,
An' tnai's my firm an' full belief
That a buby brings good luck!
•'What's Home Without a. Mother?"
You see that framed on the wall;
Lots o' folks sot that motter
Au' don't know the meanin' at all.
It means them cold, cheerless houses
Tbfit rhills yer blood right away.
An 1 pains yer to see so quiet an' clean,
Because thc-re's no kids in the way.
It's Home where children are romping
An' keeping; things ail in a muck-
Kile yer sometimes by the noise they make-
But still they briugs yer luck !
I've noticed it carefully all of my days,
An' I always found it true.
That hard times left when a baby come
An' Stayed away when there was two.
Think a mimne of people ycu know
Who bad things touch at the first.
But with the first kid things brightened up
Just when they was »t the worst.
It may be it makes folks kinder all round;
It may be it gives yer pluci;
But yrr picks up heart and the skies get bright,
t"er a baby briugs good luck! —Puck.
HOKE SMITH AND SPEAKER CRISP.
That Georgia financial debate starts out as if
it is to be for points only.— Washington Post.
The Hoke Smith and Speaker Crisp joint de
bate is setting the woods on fire.— Baltimore
Herald.
It is doubtful if ex-Speaker Crisp will be able
to change Iloke Smith's mind again as long as
Hoke Smith holds his present job.— New York
Press.
The Smith-Crisp monetary debate in Georgia
lacks only a brass band and a few more fakirs
to turn it into a splendid one-ring circus. —
Philadelphia North American.
Don't worry about tornadoes in Georgia.
They won't come this way. It i 3 merely the
Hoke Smith ajid ex-Speaker Crisp debate on free
silver which is now raising the wind.—Phila
delphia Press.
To find the winner in the currency debate
between Secretary Hoke Smith and ex-speaker
Crisp, first choose your side of the question.
Your side will win, as there is to be no official
decision.— Boston Journal.
Ex-Speaker Crisp opens his cyclonic free
silver campaign in Georgia with the paralyzing
but irrelevant statement that "there is no in
ternational money." Considering that nobody
has ever 6aid that there was any such thing,
the force of Mr. Crisp's observation is not alto
gether clear.— New York Mail and Express.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
SAN PEDRO HARBOR.
A Master Mariner Has Something to Say
About the Santa Monica Scheme.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
I have read with much interest the accounts
in your paper of the proposed harbor of
refuge for the port of Los Angeles. As a
mariner having for twenty years navigated
the North Pacific coastwise, I hope a few prac
tical points may be of some benefit to the public.
If we are going to have a harbor of refuge let
us have it and not one like our life-saving sta
tions on the Pacific Coast. In fine weather a
ship in distress can help herself, but in bad
weather when in need of assistance she is out
siae of the line of breakers and lifeboats are ,
insid9 on shore where they must wait till the
weather and sea abate before they can go to
her assistance; only a practical man knows
the impossibility of launching such a boat
through the breakers even under ordinary
circumstances.
A harbor of refuge should be in a place where
it could be easily approachable by a sailing
vessel or any vessel in distress. It should be
in a place where a ship could have a chance to
recover herseli and get 10 sea if she should fail
to make her port by reason of thick fogs and
baffling winds and calm. It should lie in a
place where a ship would not run a greater
risk iv approaching it than she is really in.
It seems to me that San Pedro is already, by
nature, partially a harbor of refuge, the dt-pth
of water, nature of the bottom aud reef pro
jecriMT from Point Iflrmln betr>« important
factors In its favor, Otalina nnd San
Clemente islands lie In such a position that
while they do not directly shelter San Pedro
they partially break up the heavy westerly
swell before it reaches San Pedro Harbor.
As for Santa Monica Bay or any other bay
with bottom an>l beach of a qur ksand nature,
it seems to me they are out of the question as
a harbor of refuse. In the tirst place, it is too
close in shore for a vessel to approach ; besides,
a breakwater run out in any 'direction would
simply form a peninsula in" time, as no tide
runs in any striUKhi direction with any force,
and the prevailing currents caused "by the
coast winds would bank up the sand on both
sides and fill up the harbor. When there is
quicksand facing the srround swell of the
ocean and no ebb and flow of the tide Irom
any straight direction to keep the harbor open
and in place no one coukl tell what turn the
sands would take and what the result would
be. In my opinion, in a short time the harbor
and the breakwater would close up and form
into one peninsula. C. F. Swan,
Master of bark Theobald.
San Francisco, April 8, 1896.
POLITICS AND POLITICIANS.
Only a few years ago P.hude Island was reck
oned a doubtful State. Just think of it!— New
York Tribune.
The increase in tho National debt for the
month of March was over $5,000,000. And
tnere are eleven months more of G rover.— New
York Press.
Mr. Reed's esteemed contemporaries are very
generous in offering him the choice between
the Vice-Presidency and a New York law prac
tice.' — Washington Post.
New Hampshire Is kaown as the "Granite
State," but Speaker Reed never expected it to
give him what the slang of the day calls the
"marble heart."— Cleveland News and Ilerald.
Reciprocity, subsidies to steamships and a
good navy are three prerequisites to American
control of the markets of the world. Let's
have them all as soon as possible. — New York
Recorder.
We can but wish that Republicans would be
less uproarious in their conventions. They
disturb the Democrats in their solemn de
liberation and doleful meditations.— Syracuse
Standard.
The Chicago convention will have no trouble
with contesting delegations. On the contrary,
the difficulty will be to get enough there for
the doleful uurpose of making a quorum.— St.
Louis Globe-Democrat.
The hardest part of the work for the Ohio
statesman has just begun. And this is equally
true of all the other aspirants. A National
convention can't be controlled or handled
before it is held.— New York Advertiser.
Governor Morton might have been President
if he had lived in Ohio, or somwhere else out
side of the jurisdiction of Messrs. Platt and
Raines. As it is, he can continue to be the
most amiable statesman of the country and
the maker of the best Jersey butter sold in the
New York market.— New York World.
Ex-Governor Campbell of Ohio will retire
from politics and build a big skating rink in
Cincinnati, according to nn Ohio ptiper. More
than likely he is fitting up a cold storage plant
for the the u*e of his party after the next
( election. Nothing else will keep it until
another campaign.— Minneapolis Tribune.
The McKinley managers seem to have
started their horse at too high a rate of speed,
for he is not keeping up the pace now. He
shows signs of weariness. The gap between
him and his rivals is not us great as it was.
They started out less brashly, but may turn
out to have more bottom.— Chicago Tribune.
Governor Bradley received the indorsement
of the Lancaster (Ky.) Republicans in his Pres
idential aspirations. The Governor is a good
man, with a backbone capable of enduring a
heavy strain, and if he can get thirty ot forty
States other than Kentucky to indorse his can
didacy he can win with both hands down.—
Philadelphia Inquirer.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Swellington (at the soiree)— l wonder if that
plain woman over there is really trying to
flirt with me?
Coaler (politely)— l can easily find out, sir,
by asking her. She's my wife.— London Tit-
Bits.
Tom— Father, what did you say to mother
when you proposed ?
Mr. Atherton— l'm blest if I know, Tom. All
I remember of that conversation is the "Yes"
that your mother said.— Somerville Journal.
"What's the difference between a poet and a
poet laureate?'* "The poet laureate gets paid
for his poetry."— Chicago Kecord.
Mother — Come, Fritzel, why are you so
naughty to-day, just when auntie is paying us
a visit?
Fritz— 'Cause auntie told me that If I was a
good boy she would sing for us this evening.—
Humoristische Blsetter.
"Do you believe in reincarnation?"
"Kot much."
"Well, I do. I saw a horse shy at a baby
carriage this morning, and I'll bet he was Bill
Jones. Bill had fourteen when he died."—
Exchange.
"What's this I hear about the plumber and
the paper-hanger in the next block ? Have
they been trading houses?" i"Not exactly.
They did a lot of work for each other and each
had to take the other's house for pay."—Chi
cago Tribune.
PERSONAL.
George W. Brome of Mexico is at the Grand.
A. C. Bell of the Scots Guards, London, is in
the City.
W. H. Hatton, the attorney, of Modesto, is at
the Lick.
Dr. R. W. Prather of Adams Springs is on a
visit here.
Dr. A. B. Carter of Easton, Pa., arrived here
yesterday.
Mark L. McDonald, the capitalist, of Santa
Rosa, is here.
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Spinney of New York are
at the Palace.
A. Doolittle, a mine-owner of Happy Camp,
is in the City.
E. L. McKfllep, a business man of Carlin.
Xev., is at the Palace.
R. B. Canfield, the Santa Barbara capitalist,
arrived here yesterday.
C. C. Foster of Cambridge, Mass., is among
the recent arrivals here.
J. L. Hayes, proprietor of Harbin Springs,
Lake County, is in town.
Dr. J. H. Tebbetts of Holllster was among
yesterday's arrival here.
Colonel J. J. Nunan of Stockton was among
yesterday's arrivals here.
Tyler Beach, proprietor of the St. James
Hotel, San Jose, is at the Russ.
Walter M. Taylor of Williamsport, Pa., is
registered at the Cosmopolitan.
J. R. Gage, a merchant of Humboldt County,
is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. F. Cox of England arrived here yester
day on the Mariposa from Australia.
P. H. McDermoit, a prominent mining man
of Carlisle, New Max., is at the Rus s.
A. G. Campbell, a merchant of Vernon,
British Columbia, is a guest at th c Cosmopoli
tan.
P. H. Ahrens, agent of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company at Apia, Samoa, reached here
yesterday.
A party of Salt Lake gentlemen, consisting of
W. S. McCormick, C. J. Steedman and \V. H.
Thomas, are at the Palace.
T. P. Payson and W. R. Rosenbone, promi
nent railway men of New York, who have been
on an extended tour at the Antipodes, are at
the Palace.
Thomas Finegan, an old-time resident of San
Francisco, a California pioneer, but for sev
eral years past a resident of Honolulu, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
Julius Hoting, of the firm of F. A. Schaefer
it Co., one of the oldest in Honolulu, is at the
Occidental en route to Germany. He is accom
panied by his wife and child.
Hon. F. S. O'Grady, an English gentleman,
who has been for some time at Auckland and
who has fallen heir to a large estate in Great
Britain, is at the Palace. He came on the
Mariposa and is going to claim hjs patrimony.
B. R. Sherman, one of the prosperous men of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont., is at the Russ.
He owns a large area of land and is exten
sively engaged in raising horses, cattle and
sheep. He is also interested in mining. Mr.
Sherman is here largely for pleasure.
John Murray Dowie of South Australia was
among the passengers here yesterday on the
Maripcaa and is at the Palace. He is on his
way to Chicago to join his son, Dr. Dowie, a
faith-cure physician, who held some exciting
meetings at the old Y. M. C. A. Hall here a few
years ago. The elder Dowie is an ardent tem
perance advocate.
Passengers by the Mariposa, from Honolulu
yesterday, reported that United States Minister
Albert S. Willis hirtl had an auction of a large
portion of his household effects a few days
before the Muriposa sailed. Also they stated
that the auction and the general selling out
was preparatory to the Minister's leaving Hon
olulu at an early date, on his permanent re
turn to the United States.
John Henry, ex-Treasurer of Tasmania, is at
the Occidental, accompanied by a few friends.
He is eu route to the East and England. Mr.
Henry is quite wealthy. He has been many
years in Tasmania and is identified with
mining, livestock srroving and other industries.
He has also occupied a number of positions
under the Government and is said to have been
one of the most efficient of the members of the
Tasmania Cabinet.
M. H. Van Bereh, formerly of Rochester, N.
V., arrived here yesterday on the M ariposa,
after fifteen years'absence in Australia. He went
out to Melbourne originally as the agent of a
hop Ditters manufactory, but became inter
ested eventually in many other things. He is
prominent in racing and was a member of the
committee of the Victorian Club, which is the
largest betting tribunal in the country and
controls the betting of all Australasia. He is
now on hia way to his old home. For three or
four years he has been out of active business.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, S. V., April 9.— Among the
recent arrivals are: At the Murray Hill, K. Kel
logj?, D. A. Goodsell; Imperial, A.M. Meinrath,
C. K. Page; Broadway Central, J. F. L. Kod
gers; St. Cloud, J. C. Adams.
THE FASHIONABLE SLEEVES.
Our group showi a tight sleeve with draped
puffs and a U-g-o'-mutton tight and wrinkled
below the elbow.
Smaller sleeves are no longer a mere rumor;
they have materialized in some of the spring
gowns, and though they are stylish, pretty and
becoming, they will not completely rout the
larger shapes till the fall, for the full sleeve is
too comfortable for summer wear to be dis
carded at this season. But the woman who
wishes to keep abreast, or ahead, rather, of the
fashions will have at least one pair In her best
gown, probably.
The close-ntted sleeve, with full but short
draped puff, is the finest model. It Is made of
one or two fabrics. One seen was of green and
blue Dresden silk, with the puff of blue canvas
cloth matching the waist and skirt «
Another was entirely of the silk of which the
gown was make. .
sleeves with a close lining over which the
fabric is wrinkled below the elbow are a favor
ite style for the spring and summer. Thin
gssvs as Ma-ass
.s^-Sa^bST!-. Th ' »«'■" "«™i'
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The German Emperor has bought two
enormous bronze gates, which formed part of
the exhibit in tbe German building at the
Chicago World's Fair.
Queen Marguerite of Italy is of all the royal
and imperial ladies of Europe said to be the
one who is the most enthusiastic disciple of
« agner, and is never so happy as when at her
piano.
Miss Frances E. WiUard is back in Chicago
alter a lecturing tour of five months through
the South. She will sail for England the latter
part of April, to bo present at the annual meet
ing of the British Woman's Temperance Asso
ciation. She will then vi^it Norway.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Cost of the Palace— C. C. L., City. The cost
of the Palace Hotel in this City was $3,250,000.
The Lick Hovse— N. H., Santa Barbara, Cal.
The Lick House was opened in 1862 by Tubbs
&. Patten.
Pabxell's Death— Ch. P., Menlo Park, Cal.
Charles Stewart Parnell died at Brighton on
the 6th of October, 1891.
Lombard-Street Wharf— J. C, City. If you
mean the Lombard-street wharf that was built
in early days, that was built in 1854.
Dixey-IdeaL Woman-J. H., City. The height
of Henry E. Dixey, the actor, is given as 5 feet
8 inches; that of the ideal woman is o feet 6
inches. .
Armor Platf.s-J. J. X., City. The United
States can furnish all the armor plates needed
for her war vessels, but there may be times
when they cannot pc mrr.ished as rapidly as
contractors would like to have them.
The Colonies— 46l, Oakland, Cal. The Eng
lish colonies bear their own expenses. When
the revenue is under the expenses the home
Government makes a loan to the colony need
ing funds.
The Income-tax Bill— C. C. L., City. The
income-tax bill, which was declared uncon
stitutional, became a law on the 28th of Au
gust, 1894, without the signature of President
Cleveland.
The Beigmorage Bill— C. C. L., City. The
seigniorage bill was vetoed by President Cleve
land March 30, 1894: on the 4th of April it
failed to pass over his veto by a vote ot 144
ayes to 114 noes, lacking the two-thirds ma
jority vote required by 28 votes.
Imbeciles— A. S., City. The law of this
State says that no case of idiocy, imbecility or
simple feeble-mindedness shall be maintained
in any of the asylums for the iDsane in this
State. There is a home for feeble-minded
children at Eldridpe, Sonoma County. Write
to Dr. A. E. Osborne, superintendent at that
place, for information about the home. There
are private institutions where imbeciles are
taken care of, but this department cannot
advertise these.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
Gmumi eyeglasses, specs, 15 to 40c, at 81^
Fourth (note number). Sundays open 9to 12.*
Special information daily to manufactura:*
business houses and public men by the Pras*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomorf. *
Woman of the Revolution— And then w«
opened some wine.
Woman of the Reaction (reproachfully)—
How could you ?
Woman of the Revolution— Oh, we pushed
the corks into the bottles.
"I have foupd Hood's Pills uneqnaled. I
always keep them in the honse and reoommend
them to my friends." Mrs. Vernon Upton, 73»
Pine st., San Francisco, Cal.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used oversoyear3by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be snre and ask
for Mrs. Winstow's Soothlnx Syrup. i!sc a bottle.
Northers Pacific Weekly Overland Ex
ccrsions leave San Francisco and Sacrament*
every Tuesday evening. Take the Northern Par
ciflc to all points East. Lowest rates to Minne
sotaand Dakota points. Upholstered tourist-cars,
Pullman palace and dining cars on all trains. Two
fast through trains daily; time to Chicago short
ened six hours. For tickets and information call
on T. K. Stateler, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
Coboxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, sot!
■and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon farther north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 Mew Montgomery st., -San Francisco.
"I write for future generations," said Qull.
pen. "Very well, then," replied the publisher,
"let future generations pay for what they
iret." — Boston Transcript.
NEW TO-DAY."
ii
SAVING
PRICES
Money-Saving Dishes.
So MONEY SAVERS.
Lunch Buckets, Coffee Pots. Cream Pitchers;
Oatmeal Bowls, Custara Cups, Spooners,
Plates. Dairy Pans, Hand Basins, 5c each
or 6 tor 25c.
lOC MONEY SAVERS.
Berry Dishes, Milk Pails, Meat Dish, Dish Pang,
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dish, Salad JDlah,
lOc each or 3 for 25c
TEA SETS.
44 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
** Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, per set
2 .25, 2 5 °. 2- 85 3- 00 ' 3- 75 ' 4 15
DINNER SETS.
60 Pieces [ com bleta for 6 Persons
Ov Pieces comolete for 6 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations. f
Money-Saving Prices, per ,et
.65, 4.20. 4 .85, 5 .00, 5 .85, .60
DINNER SETS.
100 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
Pure White,- Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Per .*
5.50. 5.50, -J. 25, §.00, 9.50, |Q. 50
Great American Importing Tea Cis
1344 Market St., S. F. <: 7-
a S9v^-«=^S» 965 Market st., S. F. 1 '•'-%",
tiar^aSi-s 140 >ixth st., S. F.
CTffiafiE 3 ° 17 Kearny st., 5. P.
HBy™" ' 1419 Polk st., S. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
■iniirv 333 Hayes St., 5. P.
MONEY" l4(> Ni:ith st s- f
ill Will. ■ 218 Third st ■ 5. F.
C-Nlflalfk 2008 Fillmore st., S. P.
OAVINU 2510 Mission St., S. F.
3006 Sixteenth st., S. P.
CTfIDCC . • 104 Seco "d st.. S. F.
STORES: "S* Mission st.. S. F.
52 Market st., S. F.
g»<^gSa "?1? Jsj?«ty»y. Oakland
miMMIBKr '°53 Washington st, Oak'd.
HLV^BJcr 131 San Pablo aye., Oakl'd.
WW^~*' 616 E. Twelfth st., Oakland.
1355 Park st. Alameda.
TRY OUR
Money-Savins; Prices) .A . ■ ,
M AT OUR I IAA In
Money- Saving Stores lvV Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.FRIUAY APRIL 10, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thfatkk.— "Monte Cristo."
California Thkatkb— "The Nigh: Cleric."
< i lrwr.iA Thkatkk- "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
UoßOacO* Oi-KRA-Honsi- — "Doris.'
■ " ivoli OrERA-KousK.— "Blue Beard."
< Bi-HFi-M.— nigh-Class Vaudeville.
Trover's Aica/ar.—-' Ranch 10."
* a. i . ni.igh Thf.atkb (Oakland)— "Slnb»d."
1 ii v Auditorium— Corner of Jones and Eddy-
streets — Bignorlnm Fs.rela Belinfante.
Metropolitan 'i km pi — Mormon Tabernacle
Choir, Wednesday, Apr.l 15.
Coopkr .iikmcai. »'<>! Lane lectures, by
It. Henry Gibbons, Jr. Subject, '-Recent. Ad-
vances in Medicine."
Sctro C.'onf.v Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert-
El Cam po— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
• vrry Sunday.
moil thk CHrTW- Daily at Height, street,
« 1 1 block c-nst cTlbo Park.
1 Ad* Jt Coast Jockky Ct.t-r.— Fares to-day.
AUCTION SALI:S.
By Chas. I.kw A Co.— Thli day (Friday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at
10 o clock.
By i,: ... F. I-amsox.— This day (Friday), Furni-
ture, at I'J2a Geary street, at 10 o'clock. Also,
Furniture, at 649 Golden Hate avenue, at 2 o'clock.
By H. .1. LKt'THOi.TZ— This day (Friday), Bar
Outfit*, etc.. at 773 Market St., at 11 o'clock.
Baldwin <fc Hammond.— Thursday, April 16,
Bra; KstAte. a; salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock.
By Bovkk, Toy* SnNNTAO— Tuesday, April 14,
Hea! ] state, at salesrooms, 19 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock.
By Lavkavct— April 18, Berkeley
Peal Estate at 3 P. m.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Masons are wondering what to do with
v . :»."ii>. ooo surplus In the cemetery fund.
Showers tais forenoon, with high westerly
winds, is the weathtr prediction for to-day.
Tne convention of the Central California
Library Association will be held in Alameda to
day.
The Sarah B. Cooper Church was formally
recognized by a Congregational council yester
day.
The annual State convention of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians will be held at San Jose in
May.
J. J. Rnuer has obtained a judgment against
Talbot Clifton for the price of one pair oi polo
breeches.
.\ i •r.nier'K jury yesterday held that Jaraes
McNulty was justified in shoot'.ng James E.
Harrington.
The tirand Lodge, A. O. U. W., has ended its
labors for the .session, after transacting much
important business.
C. P. Dickinson is on bis way home from
Ve.-t Australia. He has been to the mines and
lies made his fortune.
The winners at liigleside yesterday were:
Globe, The Judge, George Palmer, Sister Mary,
Nephew ana Babe Murphy.
At the meeting of the newly elected directors
of the Southern Pacific Company officers for
the ensuing year were elected.
ive field at Folsom and Sixteenth street has
been leased for n baseball ground and a revival
of the came will be attempted.
The Preston School of, Industry has signified
it.s willingness to eliminate imported goods
from it. 1 - annual supply contracts.
The Oartmmith College Alumni Association
of the Pacific gave an enjoyable banquet at
the Occidental Hotel last evening.
The Street Committee oi the Board of Super
• i not 10 let contracts for
bitumini/iiig Folsom street until July.
Nicholas Clausscn hm been found guilty of
murder for the Killing of bis wife. The jury
fixed oi<-- penalty at Life imprisonment.
A public performance was given yesterday
alierno m, n' the Columbia Theater, by pupils
ol the Columbia School of Dramatic Art.
The trouble amon? thtj salmon fishers on the
mbia river wi.l. it is feared, cause com
plications lv the market it not set at rest.
ueorce !•". Smith, a steerage passenger from
Australia, was allowed to land when tie showed
t;ia: t c had -i<SO.(HH) in his inside pocket.
Thu Grand Lodge. Degree of Honor, held its
annun! session m the Masonic room of B'nal
if'ritli Hall yesterday mor:iing and afternoon.
■cast.- of GuiEippinni Albera, who took
s :>i ;i Deal 835 Pacific street last Saturday,
a jury returned a verdictof suicide.
i&nts' Association has requested
memtx -r»>-f from California to favor
the j>n~>i>osed bill for tne reduction of letter
At the meeting of the stockholders of the
Market-street Railroad Company to be held
next week the subject of lower fares will be
considered.
lionnell, an ex-messeng^r-boy. was
:;y Prison last night for rob
bing the nickel-iu-the-slot boxes of the telt:
pnoi;e company.
The coroner's jury found that Fong Jung's
death nas accidental. He was burned to death
in a Hr- in a lodgiug-house at 631 Jackson
street on April 1.
The Croeker-Woolworth Bank issuing George
I. Frani;. as surviving partner of the firm of
} ra:ik Brother*, for s?t>t>,soo due on teveral
ssory votes.
k-v. F. Fujiwara, assistant pastor of the
Japanese Mission, swore out a warrant yester
<;»y for the arrest of Thomas Jones, a tax col
lectOT, for battery.
The Fair will case comes up before Judge
■o-day, but on account of the recently
i test of Charles 1-. Fair it is expocted it
will fro over for some da vs.
William Shaw, the treasurer of the World's
; of christinn Kndeavor, will visit this
• xt mek in the interest of holding the
next National convention here.
General Manager Vining of the Market
street Railway Company yesterday discussed
the establishment of an all-night service along
the Mission-street electric road.
Garrett Burke, contractor, 2818 Mission
street, swore out warrants yesterday ior the
arrest ot G. 11. Booth, an ex-employe, S. H.
Clark and 'John Doe" Shea for burglary.
Train Agent Murray, who took up George
Martin's ticket, was on the stand yesterday in
the.suit against trie Southern I'acilic. He told
way he would not accept Martin's signature.
Mr. Pillsbury concluded his argument in the.
Railroad Commissioners' case yesterday after
noon. Mr. Hayne will begin his argument at
1O o'clock this morning on behalf of the Com
mission.
Governor Budd wants more information
before signing the papers for the extradition
of Mrs. Emma Yorke, mother of the late C. F.
Gibson, who -was arrested in Denver last
buturday.
The preliminary examination of J. D. Me-
Rae, one of the striking lathers, on the charge
of assault to murder, was concluded before
Judge Low yesterday and a decision reserved
till to-day.
11. Boldt, grocer and saloon-keeper, Eighth
and Foiiom streets, was convicted in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for oeating
Jacob Kerns with a bung-starter and was
ordered to appear for sentence to-morrow.
Joseph Albright and Edward Lee were ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morning
with hnrplars' tools in their possession, and
the police believe they have been committing
most of the recent burglaries in the Mission.
The commerce committee of the Chamber of
f'omniprce yesterday discussed a report favor
ing civil service reform in the administration
of harbor affairs. A charge was made that
pilots ii!>ed money to corrupt the Legislature.
NEW TO-DAT.
-~ -tt--^ EVERY DOT
f^g| ISA
Wsfe^M. \ PORE
I F A >#*$ls*^&§fr \
pnRP \
runt tv^T- . . w&fc- \
BECOMES \
L LUbb t uK^-^^v
Inaammation Vw^S^.'^J^?^
and Irritation W^P^g^f&i
PIMPLES
Blotches, blackheads, baby blemishes, and
falling hair. Tho only preventive is
CUTICURA SOAP
because th« only preventive of inflamma-
tion and clogging of tho Pores.
fa.it Etotcr than the combined pair* of all other skin
»nd compiraion mi.. Sold throughout th* world.
Potttb D»| a *>• Onm. «;okp . Sol* l'rop. . Boaton.
BUT* bena (or " Uow to I reveul Facial H'-mlthft." fre*.
COMMERCE TAXED
FOR POLITICS
Administration of the Har
bor Affairs of San
Francisco.
REFORMS DEMANDED.
Views Expressed by a Commit
tee of the Chamber of
Commerce.
PILOTS AND LAW - MAKERS.
Assertion That a Corruption Fund Is
Available to Influence Legis
lation.
The commerce committee of the Cham
ber of Commerce held an important ses
sion yesterday afternoon, with Hugh
Craig presiding.
The sub-committee on harbor property
and harbor changes submitted a report.
The report discusses at considerable length
the subject of completing the seawall, and
in this connection says:
It is conceded by all alike that the wall
oueht to be completed at once from Market
street south to Channel. What makes the ne
cessity more pressing is the fact that until the
seawall be completed the City will not improve
the streets adjoining the docks and the Har
bor Commission has no jurisdiction over them :
that the streets along the water front from
Market street south are in a disgraceful condi
tion.
The report estimates that the cost of
completing the wall will amount t051,000.
--000. Four sources are mentioned from
which the money might be obtained:
First— From the revenue of the Harbor Com
mission.
Second— From the Federal Government.
Third— From the general fund of the State.
Fourth— From the City of San Francisco.
In regard to the general administration
of water-front affairs ti.e sub-committee
presents the following:
In the administration of the harbor prop
erty your committee sees room for very great
improvement. The Harbor Commission hns
long been regarded as "spoils" for the party in
power, and in the administration of the water
front the doctrine of "To the victor belongs the
spoils" has been carried out to its fullest ex
tent. Unfortunately, in this case, the "spoils"
come directly out of the commerce of San
Francisco, which is compelled to pay the bills.
The extent to which the "spoils" system has
been carried on the water front is a matter of
grave concern to the public. Xoionly have all
official positions, from that of the Harbor Com
missioner down to the wharf-sweepers, been
eiven out as a reward for party fealty, but
supplies have been purchased and minor con
tracts have been awarded, not upon a business
basis, but because the seller or contractor be
longed to the proper political party and had
influence in the party councils.
It is needless to point out that such a system
is wasteful, extravagant, inefficient snd wholly
unsatisfactory and that it ought to be changed.
Your Eub-comrnittee therefore recommends
that this body appoint some competent person
to draft a bill to provide for the administra
tion of tho water-front property under civil
service rules, upon a business basis and re
gardless of cartisun considerations, and that
when drafted the bill be presented to the next
State Legislature for enactment into law.
In this connection your sub-committee takes
X'leHsure in saying that it believes the present
Harbor Commission is heartily in accord with
your sub-committee in the movement to take
the administration of the Harbor Commission
out of politics and place it upon a business
basis. The present commission has already
effected some reforms in this direction and
betrays a disposition to effect more were it
enabled to do so under the law. Your sub
committee has good reason to believe that a
measure for administrative reform could be
drafted which would meet with the hearty
approval of the Hurbor Commission and of
the Governor of the State. Respectfully sub
mitted, Frank Dalton,
William L. Merry,
Hugo 1). Kiel,
Jsadore Jacobs,
A. 1. EsBERU.
In discussing the recommendation of
the report, Isadore Jacobs asserted that it
would be better for the committee to go
before the party conventions and get in
sorted in the platform of each party a
j declaration in favor of the. reforms de
sired. He believed that very little if any
eood would be accomplished by drafting a
bill and presenting it to the Legislature.
"The pilots," he said, "would probably
I oppose the bill. I understand they have a
! large corruption fund to use in the Legis
! lature."
The report was sent back to the sub
committee for such action as the commit
tee should deem proper in drawing a bill.
The secretary reported that a letter had
been received from Congressman Loud in
which the latter stated that he was work
ing to get an appropriation for a log
signal ship on the bar to take the place of
the whistle.
Professor Davidson said an appropria
tion of $5000 would probably be allowed
for the purpose of removing three rocks dis
covered in the bay. A rock near the
Potrero wharf with only a depth of 17 feet
of water over it was made kno,wn by Cap
tain Gray and his tug man to Lieutenant
Bears of the Coast Survey steamer McAr
thur. There were also two rocks in front
of the harbor, one of them near Harrison
street wharf with 26 feet of water over it,
and another where tne depth of water was
28 feet. The rocks will soon be in iicated
as danger exists that a battle-ship might
toucG one of them during a spring tide.
CLIFTON MUST PAY.
Judgment Obtained for the Price of
Polo Breeches for tho
Hunt Bait.
Lord Talhot Clifton must pay for that
pair of ?now white polo breeches that he
ordered from a tailoring establishment in
this City several months ago.
Talbot's wardrobe was deficient in
nether garments when tneHunt bali came
around, and his valet was sent with his
measure — the same cut little figure on
account of the bagginess of the trousers —
to procure the missinc articles forthwith.
The valet cot the pants, but the firm
failed to get its money, though a collector
called persistently at "me lud's" apart
ments with a demand for the coin.
After carrying out the old saying that
"iiatience Ism virtue," as lon gas it thought
it ought, the firm decided to sue. and
placed the matter in the hands of a col
lector.
A complaint calling for $f>7 for one pair
of polo pants and one scarlet dress coat
was accordingly liled, and service made on
tlie noble lord.
The customary number of days passed
without any answer being tiled or de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. APRIL 10, 1896.
murrer entered, and then the majesty of
the law was invoked, and Justice Kerri
gan was asked to give judgment for
plaintiff.
The bailiff's call brought no response
and judgment was entered against his
Lordship with all the solemnity the occa
sion warranted. Now the collector is look
ing for something with which to satisfy
the judgment.
Of cou'.se, he could attach Clifton's fur
niture and bric-a-brac at the Maison Riche,
but that would be cruel, considering how
much his Lordship loves the comforts of
a home fireside and fender, and the col
lector is hoping to meet his debtor and re
ceive his $67 arid costs with all th&t free
handed generosity for which Clifton is
noted.
If the worst comes to the worst, how
ever, the aid of the Sheriff will be invoked,
and some of his Lordship's treasured be
loneings maj' lind their way into the
storehouse of Mr. Whelan.
MRS. YORKE'S EXTRADITION.
Governor Budd Has Not Yet Signed the
Necessary Paper*.
Chief Crowley received a dispatch from
Governor Budd yesterday to forward all
the documents in the case of James A.
Gibson, charged with grand larceny be
fore Judge Low, at the instance of Mrs.
Adelia A. Gibson, his sister-in-law. He
was charged with the larceny of $22,500
given by his dying brother to his mother
and the case was dismissed.
The Governor wants the documents be
fore signing the papers for the extradition
of Mrs. Emma \ orke, Gibson's mother,
who was arrested in Denver last Saturday
on a warrant sworn to by her daughter-in
law, charging her with felony embezzle
ment. Detective Crockett has been in Sac
ramento since Monday waiting for the
Governor to sign the extradition papers.
Judge Low's stenographer left for Sac
ramento last night with the required docu
ments.
WITH LADS AND LASSIES
Preparations for the Entertain
ment and Social of the Scot
tish Thistle Club.
A Programme cf Vocal and Instru
mental Music, Addresses, Reci
tations ?nd Dancing.
For several weeks past the literary com
mittee of the San Francisco Scottish This
tle Club has been actively engaged making
preparations for the grand quarterly en
tertainment and social to be given under
the auspices of the club tnia evening at
B'nai B'rith Hall.
At a recent committee meeting in the
clubrooms, George W. Paterscm acting
as chairman and J. Gillies tilling the
office of secretary, a great deal of
time was taken up in receiving and con
sidering the reports of the various sub
committees. John D. Coulie reported that
high class talent had been secured. George
G. Watson repotted that arrangements
had been concluded for the decoration of
the hail in a tasteful and artistic manner,
and that as floor manager he had appointed
as assistants O. Brown, W. Gulie.-s T. Fitz
gerald and David Pollock.
J. Gillies presented an interesting report
on finance and stated that there was a
great demand for tickets. T. Christy an
nounced that the Fairgrieve and Greggs
bands had been secured to furnish music
for the evening and that the services of
I. S. R. Tevendale and Professor McCar
thy were engaged to furnish music on the
baepipes, Scotch and Irish.
Chairman Paterson, after statin™ what
the committee on invitations had done, an
nounced that among the letters of accept-
George W. Peterson, Kecordcr San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club aud Chairman
Committee on tntertainracut.
ance received there was one from D. R.
McNeill, chief of the Caledonia Club, and
another from Alexander Wilkie, president
of the St. Andrew societies.
Royal Chief J. I). Couiie was chosen to
act as master of ceremonies, and the fol
lowing committee on reception was an
nounced: James Spiers, James Aiken, J.
Niven. D. Young, John Ross, A. Currie.
J. D. Coulie. J. H. Smith, P. Riddle and
Alexander Nicholson.
The following is the programme that
was presented and adopted:
Introductory, selections on the grand Highland
baKpipts .Professor I. S. it. Tevendale
Remarks .....Royal Chief J. D. (.oulie
Soprano solo, "Caller Herri n" ..................
.....Miss Ethel (i rah am of Los Angeles
Readings, selected .... ......:.JMlss Zillali Coouley
Contralto 5010.... Miss Jessie Finnic
Exhibitions of Highland daacine .;:...
......;..• Professor P. •U. . Kin'dlay
(Lately from Portliirifl. Or.)
Address ....;.... ..Rev. Dr. Mackenzie
Bailor's Hornpipe, in costume Miss V. C. Coulie
Funnytsms -Jack" Catbcan
Vocal solo. •'.-Scotlnnd" ............lames Niven
Clara ■-ihiminn Ladles' Quartet — Mrs. Lion
l!iKt;H. firsl soprano; Miss MonaTaiibman,'
firs 1 contralto; Mrs. .1. J. Nc.vbecin, sec
ond soprano; Miss Daisy May Cressy, sec
ond contralto.
Irish jig and reel d.mcine Miss May Kavanaugh
(Assisted by the celebrated Irish piper, Pro
fessor McCarthy.) .:
Before adjourning the literary commit
tee decided to hold the next smoker at the
meeting on the 9th inst.
A Case of Suicide.
The Coroner's jury agreed yesterday that
Mrs. Nellie Paulden, ag< d 32 years, who took
carbolic acid at 2018 Howard street on March
31, did the act with suicidal intent.
Friday Evening lecture.
Services commence this evening at Temple
Ernarni-El at 7:45 o'clock. Dr. Voorsanger
will lecture upon "The Worship of Sell." ihe
public is cordially invited.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Arrival of the Oceanic Com
pany's Mariposa From
Sydney, N. S. W.
HO! FOR THE AMOOR RIVER.
A Native Son Who Will Superintend
the Construction cf Russian
Barges.
Outside of the capsizing of the British
ship Blairmore :md the consequent loss of
C. Simon. Who Sailed for Siberia Yesterday to nirect Coivict Workmen.
life, the principal items of interest on the
water front yesterday were tue arrival of
the steamers Mariposa from Australia via
Apia and Honolulu and the City of Rio de
Janeiro from Hongkong via Yokohama.
The Rio brought very few passengers,
but the Mariposa had the following in the
cabin:
From Sydney, X. S. W.— Charles P. Allen,
Hammond Allen, Arthur Bell, f-ritz Vallmer,
Rev. Father Fonhv, Hon. .h>bn Henry, Annie
Efenrv, George Home, Charles Dickinson,
Josephine Dickinson, Miss Josephine Dicken
son, Gertrude Madigan, John Allbright,
rhnrlotte Allbright, Dr. Richard Whittle,
<Jeorge Thome, James Me Williams, Oito
Walling, John Dowle. Walter Peldman, Huph
Lumsden, Maria Lumsden, Curios Ltrrasden,
Mary Robertson, John McEwan, Charles
Sparkes. Evelina Sparkes, James Henley,
Sophia Henley, William Lipshntt, Arthur Lip
shun, Marcus Van Berg, Belle Van Berg, Wil
liam veils.
From Auckland, X. Z.— Robert Postlethwnite,
William Bee, Rev. Joseph J. L"\vis, William
K.-ece. Harry RasselL Winifred Rnssall, Edith
Burnside, William S. Allen, Stephen Allen,
Robert Allen, R. H. Bealy, Charles Sturge,
Amy Sturgo, Aiex Grant. Hon. Fred O'Grudy
and Teresa O'Grady.
From Apia, Samoa— Wilhelm Ahrens.
From Honolulu, 11. I.— Joseph E. Brown,
Florence Brown, Mattie Brown, James Wind
sor. Harriet Windsor, (.ieor^e Rose, Lizzie Huse,
William Cole, George H. Newton, Sarah New
ton, Charles McDowell. Dr. Fred <-ox, Mrs. M.
Wtnner, William White. Ann.i White, Frunk
Holland, Frank Cooper, Arum Cooper, Annie
MeKinney, Dr. Albert Carter, Wllliata H.
Lyon, Mahvl Ena, Mary Ena, Thomas Ena,
Charle* Wall, H.-mnah Wall, Julias Hoting,
Mary Hoting, Carl Hoting, Matilda Hoting,
Cheney i'rnutty, Vio l'rouity. U. < Moore.
Edwin A. Kent", i:i-sell Thoroes, Mujor William
Conolry, Anna. Trumbnll. William ii. Hilliard,
Miss M. Lane and Charlea liritton.
Amonc; the steerage passengers there
were quite a number of notables. T. J.
Adams and A. Dunham came from Samoa.
They are Mormon missionaries and ended
an evangelizing tour on the southern
portion of Ocennica. During their so
journ on ihe liftli continent they made
many converts, and are now returning to'
Utah in a joyful moocL On the way up
ti;ey kept the passengers happy with their
riddle., guitar, flute ami mouth organ and
marie at least one convert. Miss Mori
artey, who came in the steerage, was one
of the members. She is on her way to
meet ber lover.
Another steerage passenger was J. Mc-
Donald, who is on his way to St. Paul to
claim a fortune. A few months aeo he
was struggling to reach Coolgardie. When
he found that the Australian Xl Dorado
wus not what the papers made it out to be
he started L>:iek for Sydney. There the
news came to him that his eldest brother
had tiiect and left him considerable money.
Another passenger is George Christen
sen, who has worked for a number of
years in the Clunes mines, near Ballarat.
He has saved up $000 and is in a hurry to
reach Cripple Creek. The chances are that
he will change his plans and go on one of
the many sailing vessels now fitting ou *
for Alaska.
John Nagle was another passenger, and
he was notable from the fact that, he had a
sack of diamonds with him. As soon as
tue Mariposa left the dock he gave them
into the custody of the purser, and about
once a day he demanded to see them in
order to be sure that none were missing.
There was no loss, and when the vessel
decked yesterday morning NagJe received
his sack without a gem (?) missing. He
thinks he has discovered a diamond field,
and his samples will prove or disprove the
story. The passengers in the steerage call
him "a crank," and the Custom-house
officers were of the same opinion. Purser
Smith was more than glad to get rid of
Nagie's sack of diamonds, as the old man
made his life wtary with his demands to
see the precious "fieras."
Jim Calligan, the popular steerage stew
ard, very nearly made his last voyage
during the run. After leaving Apia he
was taken ill, and it was days before he
recovered. He is now as well as evfer and
his friends were irlad to see him hale and
smiliig when the steamer docked.
The long-looked for Rio de Janeiro got
in yesterday morning. The officers re-
fused to talk, and the chances are that
nothing outside of -what has already been
printed will he given out until the com
pany takes some action. Captnin Russell
says that after "bucking" a head sea for
days and trying oil to calm the waves he
pave it up in despair, set the fore staysail,
and turning around, headed for Honolulu.
In the mat'.er of burning up the state
rooms he says it was a case of necessity
and will so prove to the board of inquiry.
The scliooii'T R. \V. Bartlett has cleared
for Russian territory, and among the pas
seiigers will be C Simon, a young native
son, who has a task in front 01 him which,
micbt make the boldest man quail.
The schooner is laden with steel barges
for the Amoor River, and will reach Nicol
aefsk about the Ist of June, just as the ice
is breaking.
The town is a little place, near the mouth
of the river, away in the dreary north of
Siberia. There are not half a dozen people
in the whole settlement who speak Eng
lis.i, and there is work to be <!one on the
barges which would take forty skilled men
al least eight weeks to accomplish., and
one part of the work is the heating and
driving of a million and a half of steel
rivets.
C. Simon, the youn? California engineer
who has gone out with the title of super
intendent of the reconstruction of barges
on the Amoor River, will have to get his
reconstruction done as best he can by a
band of Russian convicts, who are not
skilled at all and who have a routed aver
sion to work of any kind. Another diffi
culty will be that the English language is
not an accomplishment taught the con
victs, and the California engineer knows
no Russian.
However, he expects to worry along
romiortably enough with his convicts,
when lie once gets used to them, and he
pays lie is resolved that if he can help it
they will not be urged to increased activity
by the use of the knout.
It is about ten months since the Union
Iron Works obtained tlie contract to sim
ply the Amoor Steam Trading and Navi
gation Company with eleven steel barges
for use on the Amoor River in transport
ing material for the Siberian Railroad.
The bids were open to the whole world,
and the European press commented a
!?oo't deal on the fact that California,
where labor was much dearer, .should
have bet n able to underbid the older coun
tries. Five hundred men have been work
ing for the last eight months on the
barges. K;ich is 196 feet over all, 180 feet
on deck and ;ij-foot beam. They will be
used to carry construction materials, as
well a« cattle and provisions, for the work
m-n on the trans-Siberian line.
Nine of the buries went this morning in
the K. W. Bartlett and the remaining two
will shortly follow in the James If. Cole
man, which will also take the boiler and
machinery for a sternwheei steamer to run
on the Amoor. The contract only calls
for the delivery of the material at the
wharf in San Francisco, but the Amoor
Steam Trading Company has chartered
the steamers and has engaged the Califor
nia engineer to superintend the construc
tion of the bargns. He goes alone to super
intend the work, his contract calling for
the completion of the work in not less
than six nor more than ten months.
C. Simon, who is not more tlian twenty
three years of age, is wvll known and pop
ular in the Potrero. He is president of
the Christian Endeavor Society at Olivet
Piesbyterian Church and last Monday was
given a grand farewell reception by the
young people of Rev. Dr. Mathena's con
gregation.
M'CREERY'S BLOCK.
Handsome Property at McAllister and
Baker Streets to Change Ownership.
The handsome block at Baker and Mc-
Allister streets, owned by A. B. McCrecry
for the past forty years, is to be sold.
Property-owners on the panhandle and
the public at large are to be congratulated
on the liberal policy of A. B. McCreery,
which is to sell his unimproved land as
soon as there is a demand on the part of
tue public for it.
Four years ago Air. McCreery owned half
a dozen blocks on the park panhandle. In
stead of holding tiiis property and thus re
tarding the growth or the City in that di
rection, he has sold land to the value of
$400,000, upon which improvements have
been erected which have udded to the as
sessment-roll UDward of $200,000.
This is the last of the McCreery blocks,
and it will be sold at auction by his agents,
Baldwin «fe Hammond, on the 16th inst.
The terms will be one-fourth cash. As
there is considerable building now going
on in this section, it is safe to predict that
in a short time this now vacant block will
be graced by a number of improvements.
Stabbed by a Stranger.
J. W. Ryan, 51 Firststreet, went into asaloon
on Fourth street yesterday morning with a
friend and while reading ihe morning papers
his friend got mto an altercation with
a stranger. Ryan interfered and the stranger
stabbed him iii the leit arm with a knife. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where the
wound was dressed.
A very large part of human ills are cured by
Mitchell's Magic Lotion. •
A SUMMER OF BASEBALL
The Promise That a New League
Holds Out to San Fran
cisco.
GROUNDS ON FOLSOM STREET.
Plans to Put Six or Eight Teams in
the Field Within Two
Months.
"The California Baseball League" was
organized last night and teams made up
of the well-known players now in this
State will begin a series of games about
June 1.
D. R. McNeill is president of the new
organization, A. S. Blake, who was for
merly in the New England League, is sec
retary, and F. A. Dun bar is the treasurer.
Others interested in the venture are G. A.
Johnson of San Jose, J. P. Stowell of Los
Angeles and H. N. Wilson of this City.
Mr. Blake, acting in the interests of the
prospective league, has secured the
grounds bounded by Folsom, Fifteenth,
Sixteenth and Harrison streets, and last
night he presented to the league his report
ot the lease.
This Held is known as the Mechanics'
Institute property.
Mr. Biake announced that work on the
improvement of the ground and the erec
tion of a fence will be immediately begun.
His measurement of the field is 560x520
feet. One advantage is that the place is
sheltered from wind and fog, and another
is that it may be easily reached. Tne
held is regarded as well adapted for use as
a ball ground.
Rube Levy and all the old-time players
that remain here will be put on the league
list, but no attempt to enter into competi
tion for well-known players outside of
California will be made.
The cities to put teams in the field are
enumerated as follows: San Francisco,
Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Stockton,
Fresno, Los Angeles. It is believed that
one or two other cities may also enter the
league.
A minor league to develop baseball
talent will be favored.
Mr. Blake and Mr. Dunbar were ap
pointed a committee to urge the Southern
Pacific Company to establish a station at
Sixteenth and Harrison streets.
The projectors say they are confident
t hat baseLall will pay here this season.
Beat His Wife.
E. B. McManus, a purser on one of the coast
ing steamers, was arrested yesterday on a
warrant at the instance of his wife charging
him with battery upon her. About a week ago
he beat her without any provocation and she
wanted him punished for it. The couple have
three young children.
A Missing Husband.
Mrs. Louis Bernstein, 4-14 Natoma street, re
ported at police headquarters yesterday that
her husband had left his home two weeks aeo
and had not returned. He is a cohtmaker by
trade, 38 years of age, f feet s'< inches tall,
slim build. brown mustache and nair and wore
a gray sack suit.
NEW TO-DAT.
Where is the woman
who does not like to
have her baby fat and
chubby and cunning?
And where is the
woman who does not
like to have rosy cheeks
and plumpness herself
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil is for I
both t but its merit is
"peculiar to itself ff and
its effect cannot be had
by using any substitute
for it*
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
THE AUDITORIUM.
liatiiLAMuiß, Gottlob & Co., Lesseeii&Managers
FIRST GRAND CONCERT
TO-KiTIC^HT ■
SIGSORISA ESTRELA BELISFASTE
(Elind), Italy's Greatest Operatic Contralto.
HERR ANTON SCHOTT,
■ The Great Wagnerian Tenor.
MR. ARTHUR FICKENSCHER.
The Celebrated Pianist.
Reserved seats 50c. 75c and $1, now on sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music-store.
GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
TO-NlGHT— Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Favorite Comedy-drama,
":r.a.2si"o:h: 10."
LEONARD G ROVKB JR. and a Great Cast.
Prices— loc, 15c, 25c, 35c. Matinee— loc, 15c, 25c.
Monday— "CAD THE TOMBOY."
riACDONOUaH THEATER-OAKLAND.
House Crowded.- To-night »nd Saturday Evening.
i MATINEE TO-MORROW (SAT'Y).
The Famous AMERICAN EXTRAVAGANZA
: CO.. las— People — D. p Henderson manager,
I presenting for. the first time in Oakland the Glo-
rious, Gorgeous, Glittering
SINBAD
The S;illor, or Maid of Balsora.
Secure Your Sea s. Prices '25c to $1. .
COOPER IVEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corn r Sacramento and Webster streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING APRIL, 10.
DR. HEM i;iBB«\S. JR.
Subject— "RECENT ADVANCES IN MEDI-
.;.;. CINE."
tOr ADMISSION FREE
SUTRO BATHS
PLEASURE GROUNDS.
Firth Wheel v : Mirror Maze, Haunted
Swing and Punch and Judy always in
Operation' on- Marry Way. Concerts
every Saturday and Sunday by
First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, Band.
General Admission : .........10 cents
Children ■■■....■...:;.....'...... 5 cents
SHOOT THE CHUTES
.AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION (Adults) 1O CENTS.
CHILDREN-ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, sc.
Ladies-Chutes, Week-Day Afternoons, &c .
DUFFY'S PURE
fe M AIfWHISKEy
fiS^iVlAl- 1 JSx
FOR MEDICINAL 1 USE
NO FUSEL OIL
CURES
SPRING WEAKNESS,
purifies the blood, builds up the
system, restores the vitality.
Beware of all imitations. Sold
by all grocers and druggists.
Send for pamphlet.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BR^TTi BMTRiS *l' PROPS.
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
The Favorite Actor,
jJs?fcs O'ITEIIT_.T_i
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY,
IMOJNTTE CRISTO.
Sat. Mat. and sun. night... COURIER OF LYONS
EXTRA.
MONDAY NEXT, APRIL 13.
RICHARD MANSFIELD
ami nis
New York Carriek Theater Stock Co.
Entire First Week ..REAL' BRIMMELIi
SECOND WEKE- Monday and Tuesday,
"THE STORY OF KODIAS,"
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday Ev*ge and Sat. Mat.
"PRINCE KARL,,"
.Saturday Evening,
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
Seats for Two First Weeks Sow Selling.
AT REGULAR PRICES —
%& TMEAWUIfI '""^
kst —to-night— —^—i
51 at. AN " D — Bbs Hot!
I I - AT - ALL THE WEEK. 1?A * CB - j
"f!" DAI LEY
In John J. McNally's Greatest Laughing Success,
THE NIGHT CLERK.
COMPANY — SUIKi.BI PRODUCTION
.rSICDLAnQLR.OOTTLOD« o>- ics-iriAnDnANAfliJii-"
DON'T I THE FIRST
FORGET I MATINEE
TO-MORROW, SATURDAY P. M.
There Will Be a Perfect Crush to see
"PUDD'NHEAD WILSON,"
ra.AKTK IMA.YO
And Ills Charming Company.
The Play of a Century.
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. KbTiNK Krii.i.w, Proprietor & Manager
A TRIUMPH!
EVERY EVENING !
Our Easter Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
I g-x=l:e:.a.t O-A.ST.
BEAUTIFUL. SCENERY!
GORGEOUS COSTUMES!
ENTRANCING BALLETS
The Latest Terpsichorean Novelty.
••RAYS OF LIGHT!"
Whole Show an Oriental Dream of Loveliness.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOUOSCO, sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Robert Proust's Masterpiece,
"DORIS!"
First Appearance of the Great Leading Actress,
MISS LISLE LEIGH.
An Unparalleled Cast! A Great Play.
> vknin'o IT.icKJ— 2sc and 510.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 103.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Etreeu Uetween stoc<£.o:i -*n1 Pa Till.
TO-NIGH V AND DURING THE "WEEK
A Brilliant Array of lev People !
ELENA LbILA, " ROSIE RENDEL,
LA BELLE CARMEN,
ADONIS AMES,
SEGOMMER,
THE MARVELLES,
BRUET AND RIVIERE,
THE N AWNS, Etc., Etc.
Reserved seats, 25c; .Balcony, 10c; Opera ca»lri -
and Box seats. 50c.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FIVE GRAND CHORAL CONCERTS.
[MORMON j
TABERNACLE CHOIR.
175 VOICES-
Commencing WEDNESDAY NIGHT,
April 15, to Sunday Night, April 19.
NO MATINEES.
Prices (including reserved seat), 91 50 and 1.
Seats now on sale at sh<-,rtn:ni, Clay it Co.'m.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(lnglegirie Track). L
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. 11.
. ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern Facinc trains at Third antl Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 aud 1:15 p. a.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grani
stand. $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track. •'•■
A. B. SPRKCKEL& W.S.IEAKE,,
President. Secretary-
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
I Now Open livery Sunday During the Season.
Music, Danciug, Bowling. Boating. Fishing and
other amusements. Refreshments at city prices.
I Fare, round trip, 25c; children 15c< including ad-
j mission to the grounds.
THE; STEAMER URIAH
Will leave Tlbaron Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 P. M.,
'I and 4 p.m. R-turniag leave ;Kl. Campo 11:15
a. m., 1, 3 and 6r.u.. .
78
ORESTES GOES TO-DAY
Maiden Essay of the Son of the
Great Ormonde at
Ingleside.
SOME FINE SPOET YESTERDAY.
The Judge in Fiont at Odds of 40 to 1.
Nephew Won by a
NCS3.
Probably no event in years has evoked
»ucii general interest in the horse world
as the patiently awaited appearance of
Ore>:es, son of the mighty Ormonde, the
';. rw of the century.
The royally bred youngster, sired by
England's petted racehorse, from the
t . . mare Kissing Crust, will make his
inaideu essay in a four-furlong dash for
tw -year-ol'is this afternoon at Ingleside.
Landed in California Ormonde cost the
j _ : lire turfman, W. 08. Mac
donough, upward of $1.50,000, and the pub
lic will nave an opportunity of judging
wnether or not his pluck will be rewarded
■with the success which it richly deserves.
The uncertain condition of the weather
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Clxty-seventh day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter fleeting, 1895-96. Ingleside \
° TracK. Thursday. April O. ISV6. Weather fine. Track slow.
QCC FIHbT K.A.CE— Five and a half furlongs; maiden three-yeai-oids; purse $-400.
index. i Horse and weight.
|-Uj
to
!
hi
__
S 4.
-tr. J Fin. j
1 l
Jockeys.
I Be
Op.
893 Globe log: li ! 4-_ | 54 S -_ lh C. Slaughter. ... 8
Carnation 107 Si 1 1 11 _ 13 2h !PiK_ott 1
935 Imp. Alien 109; 6j j 6hi *- 61 31 Fell 20
'Japonica 1071 7| | B*. A- 3 -h _ IU Cochran 8
728 li; Chief 109 _ i 21 j 2 2 21 5 5 'Shields 6
G-_eiM« 107! 9 82 7h 74 6 -_ Snider 12
8.9 Car.vas.-cfc 109' 41 Ah 4h 54 710 iMclluch 20
933 Rome Harris 109 10 ! 110 10 10 B*. .H. Martin. 15
2.0 Bfeacti- 107 8J 91 8h -4 9- W. Flvnn 6
Sh-rlff 112! 3! i 73 i 03 82 10 Peoples 20
15
4-5
25
7-2
' 8
25
40
SO
15
3.
started with gate. Won driving. Winner. C. Llnii's b. g.. by imp. Keene-PinKy. Time, 1:113 .
Ivl < SECOND BACK— Six furlong; selling; tbree-rear-olds ana up; parse $400.
.ce_.
..ex. Bene, age, weight. St. j -;- hi **• ' ?:r.
cne, age, weight. J St. I
S 4
i
!
Sir. Fin.
Fin. Jockeys. c) sel:5 el :
I Op.
tin.. I
CI.
9"5 The Jud.e. 5... 109; _j I li, _ --„ .1 !
944 j HnniMBAB. 5.....106 1: 3i- ! 314 ! 4_ j
976 Gold Bug. 5 109 6 1 61" I 9 h 9
•*•" -Doubtful. 3 96' 5' 4h ! shi *_
957 Hair-. I>.» 90; 3' _b lh" 11
957 BJcardo. 5 105 _ '. Th ! 6b 5L
973 :._.v 6 106 11 ! 11 11 11 "
9-3 Road Runner, 3. 109 10 1 8h sh 7
977 Ida Saver. 4 101 7 10 i» 10 4 10
tJ_«s> o*_-.e:_,4 ... .106 8 1 5l" 4 2 3 --
-9.8 To bey, 4 103; 9! 9. 7. - "
l : i Bozem„n '.'0
2*. H. Martin. 8
3 b Shaw 7-2
4 1 ! Cochran 4
5 1 C. ulanehter 6
6 Flt-gerald 10
7 4 Balder 20
S3 JMcliugh 10
9 3 Rowan 100
10 6 ttercen 5
11 iPi.cott 4
— j
40 j
1. I
4
6
_
8
:
8
30
100
10
3
. eaie. Wan driving. Winner, Z. Abiaiiam's b. b., by imp. Lovallsi-British Queen. !
■ '• " ■ t
990 TEIKI) B -*- tE — Four furlocgs: two-year-olds; selling: conditions: allowances: parse 8400.
_crx. j Horse and weight, j St. Ii 4 j--j 3 t str. J Fin. j Jockey*. lop 6 "'".! '■
575 Geor.e Palmer.. .lo3' 3 .5 1-. 11 Macklln. ~ '. 6-5 P-10
9,5 .Hostile 101 1 l- 2 23 _-_ E. Jones 5 11-2 !
(888 Sister A-ele } " 5 5 31 - 3 - 35" Pi.gott 5 13-2
'-"' x -"- 10.14 5h 414 4h Snider 50 80
'-- Sweet Liberty. ...loo; " Th 8 54 H. Martin 15 20 j
9^l Inf.arumator 106 8: 8 7 h 63 W.Flynn . .20 20 !
SSI jCyru. King 106 6 | 6V. 5 2 7h 'Cochran... . jO 7
2 Ked _ 'anther. 38 2 j ! - 1 6i. 8 (.'. slaughter.... 30 50 i
Started with gale. Woneasi.y. Winner, A. B. «prectel's b. z., by Ecuador-Kittie Gnac. Time,'
< i|J ; I'.TII KACfc— One mile; tbree-rear-o-ds and upwarJ ; handicap: purse *400.
Index.! Horse, age. weight, j t»t .
l .
!
Mi
J
S 4
Btfc j Fin. I
I i
Jockeys.
Bi
j 0:..
(97.) Sister ___y, ...114, 3 43
97. ."-am Leake. 3 96. 4 2 3
(97n Ip..lissErn_B.e!,3.93; _ I 3h
(9oS) ; Mr Play. 3 IOS It lb
97. P«ter. 11, 4 90 5! 5
! 3-s 31. 3 1 , IV. T.Sloan i 4 4
.22 _ •_• 2hi 2 3 P .rot; | 2 16-5 ;
i 4 -i 4 4 45 36 ■_. Slaughter.... 11-5 2
lh lh 111 | 44 E. Jones . ; 2 13-5
15 5 5 IS P.cirtr 1 it os
- - :,5-£ate used. Won handily. WiDiier, W. H. Sink's b. m, by imp. Wood!ands-s?i S :er. Time
J|«j % > >"'r'fH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling;; three-year-olds and up: conditions;
n.lcjt. Horse.age, welcht. i St.! Std.] Vi Ihi| 3. j str. j Fin. J Jockeys. |o ße " \
( 'P- CL ■
fit , "'' - v - 5 . 109: 2 _b 13% 4h 3% -h Th ißereen 13-10 8-5
953 Foremost, 4 102 5 J 41, :* 3 2 --45 4 j2 -_ Mecklin . 5 .
9.4 nx. 5 106: 4:5 5 _1. 2 1 2-_ 3 2 iE. Jones ..'"I 4 jl
9A9 D. of .lilpitas. 4..100 3 i xi.. l-ji- 1- ill lib 44 W. Flvnn..." " 10 12
959 P:n.ar a IN, 1 1. '11 lfi !5 5 5 Cochran... " "3 til i
Jockeys.
I Benin*
op. CL
Hurted Won driving. Winner, George Rotes eh. h.. by Niece. Time,
(<<J*4 SIXTH RACE— eiz furlongs; selling: three-year-olds aad upward; purse 9401).
ndex. | Eo.-se. are. weight. j St. Il4jV. | »i j Str. . Fin. ' Jockeys. Keltic?. J
Op. CI.
(953> Babe Murphy.4... mi 4 j 43 I 410 2tit.ll Cochran 5.0 16 . 5
1 1-1, l Meteor 1 1.3 101 3 1 IV. 1 2 j ll' -.3 JK~J-i_e_ ..- ... tl tl\
( L\- } 'V. ls^- 15 *- 3 - •;••-, 93 A 3 4 i 33^» 4 '34 «'. Slaughter.... *-_ 9-5 }
»I shield Bearer. 4.. 110 1 2 2 21, 3-_ 43 shields*. 20 30 !
977 -tra-bflower. 5 ...104 5 5,1 j5" 1 5 7*A 510 Fi-.o? ...... -*0 4° \
9., Gallant, 4.. 106 . 1 16 : ; 6 j 6 I 6 »-_-?_. ."!* 6 *%
. cue us*d. Won handily. Winner, L. Ezeti's b. f., toy Elias Lawrence-Princess Glenn.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
_
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track. ;
In rrrcs wlMltttt tcr?€s tare co record at the distance to be rnn the recoris %i the next nea-»v '
(\t't i f f ere plvcn. " ;
Al tie\ tflaw F, fest; Fa., fair: H.. fceavy: m.. mile: 1., turloag; •, about. i
FIRfIT RACE— Fivean.l a haif fur! bcb; scl'.iae.
I
L.f-X. !
Name.
! ! B*«t I | [ j
j Lbs , record, i Dlst. !Lbs;Tk-|
93. ; Charles A 11l I .... j.._. P. Archibald 'John .-Eirlv Rose 1
M- Ar_o -;-v-V-.- IUS'I-KJAS. 10VF... Murphy * BoUer Cvc!o-.*-\Va fPrlde
; en_«MEd-_a i-«' I:l!iVi6f 115 1.. T.Colston Haydn Edward, Genet"
l& Ro'b^o-a-ii.: I?, iviiii X im A-.^-ftS.::::::.: ?sxs2___3_Sv_£ ,, " cc
937 ; Boe.er "_ -1:161,. «» 112 1F... W. .Swift Imr. _kwS_
470 (Mamie 5c0tt.....]061:33V4 i 7 . lsf ,2° F... ißonnif eld _ Knight! Canny t£t-Eola
?•_ i^ar-l- Bock. 11l 1:1 5- 4 of 10. X... Hennipen stable?... Imp. Eric-Pocket
g_i ! Hyman 1111:08 sx_ 93 F.. j Alma Dale stable...! Himy_r-Ma_Se B
22 Ryanma 10? ; ....',.... E. ( orriean onond__a-Mi«s Hi.ht
... J*" 1 """ " »'«* 1 m 195 F... ; Elmwood stock frm iSpfto-i.t'je.li^
'■• X*"**"* 101 no r * c ....!.... Viet stable Ivici-Lucv Lone
VI »*_ lford ■ ' :10S l:07»i:5-%t j 90 IF...; California stable.... Imp - Kyrle Dafy-Hanfard
g :_-^-.:::::-.:iaiiS^ii_; l-Bg_l---_-S-d_-_S--§--_-i
96. t-racieS 10. 1 :08 si~ f 104 F... Musto A Ruy_ Prince Xorfoi^Gllrov B "lie
SX.COSD BA(.£-Half a mile: maiden two-year-olds.
Index.
I ! I Best I
Index. J Name. record. Dlst.
929 'Lady Hurst. j fit
i-lissßuc-m-n. 10b
Gratius 108
823 IWleland- 101
715 Billy Vice 1 1011
950 Kmelia. 105 .
Onatam. 108
FB7 .Catherine Great; 98
969 'Dlabllta. 105 j ' ..
8-0 Early .Notice-.. 105
975 iDunboy 105
950 , Tortoise 1107! !
Lbs Tk.
_-S;i_. Owner. j Pedigree.
\ v ™- Napier imp. Martenhnrst-CheerfQl
A. B. Spreckels Saivator- Delight
-> ->- Dale stable.. Imp.Martenhurst-C.ratltude
La siesta farm Imp. Cnesierfleid-Harriet
o «? D .'?, Imp. PlrModred-Dixianna
I. s"£. * l » Take Notfce-YVi.-an
«.0 BMardono'j.h Ormonde-lmp-Kissi-p Trust
X.m wood stock frm Imp. Brutus-Bonnie Jean
Nevada stable Joe Hooker-Oxilla
BuriisaWaterhouse Take Notice- Rose
Lone stable Imp. Loyalist-Spray
;_-. Powe A Brown Fox-Turquoise
I HIRD RACt-S«ven furlonjs; selling. ' ~~ i
Ir.rlex.
Name.
I I Best I I
Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk.
Pedigree.
972 __55_ .. 124 l:40-_ 1 m U»;F.. UT-kUMa TMnMM ~~
•(!-,w^%v:::-te!:.rv.^ m WW. «£__: {S^TSSto-^; |"
88 fe..:-::.™ _Bjffi« d SS I: tS5J_^ S_W,£^ A H
<._S)|-00-».n II |.9 1i1.J.61 111 ra. BurnaaWaterhoiiM Imp. ill ..^-Little Hopes !
FOURTH RACE-One mi:*-.- selling. ~ ;
Iri'tx.
Name.
I 1 Best I I I
Lbs P.ecord Dist. Urn Tit.
J
(977) Schnltz. j103j1:44 I m 105|Fa.[C F. Sanders.. . r__*S^s-_. "
(If., lt e _ee 94 _•«£__■_*-. US \V- ?^.2__._* M-3orß__!_.| M Flush
|||iJB-^li«rpy .: I. __B& __*■ |? £ ■ i_%_2,* , * Ul _?__ _____S!_____"
48« i.-cr*_la pfor.ia S3 1:44 *1 m 100 la. Klmwood stock ,m- Imp b7u._vL___»-. Gl0n "
964 Reydf-BMMUd. 88 1:42 lm 96:Fa.!Lone stable....^ lr_n CSV r__ii_-
' ">">• »1 }=f»* 7 r 9R F .. Burns. Warehouse F™mbe__. ££ Teardro.
9.8 rliui-. 102 1:56 H8 m 104 F..lEncino stable. Ira„ S, , vii p. 1)
HFTH RACK-Six furlongs: selling. " " ~
i Bmi i I i I i ■ :
_.«„. j _ ->-me. Los recora. uist. l.Ds Tk.j Owner. I Pedigree. i
Sjg &«__*:: 1 £&_ ■•.■.-; & £ ___f_fssS?^_.|SSS^^ii I
982 pan Marco 95:1:15__ 6f 117JF... P. Donne lm. st Ri.iT_.iJ „„_ t,
*« g-?|S:::: Wil.-02i_ 5 1 3 90JF... i: c LBr-wi'AC.:: mp. e^se?nl "" I
711 Clara Wilson... 93 l! __ 6V* f 69 Fa. Wilson A Ulllls. iSp sfrMf^rea Bedotr«
22 l";*? 1 N7 *8 _." 108 F... Woodlawn stable. Ben Alii _za^ *
<-b" Perhaps _"V. »2|l:l3V_*-! 11" F... Alma Dale stable Ko.dns&Mav v.-
us V-,.___ ° Sen : : ?&*•___. .S„ S"'-te-, -_ i,nrr *>' Hlmyar-WiMßose y
MW , veiagua... tt. :5b , 4t_ f .106 ..... The Avenue stable. Slnlax-Par:U.in_
i
i
Si.VIH RACK- Six forl on i;s; selling. " "' " '
Index.
I I Best 1 I I
I Lbs record. DM. Lb- '
903 shield Bearer... ! 108 1 :0l--. _f
96* sir Kichard 109 1:141/1 flf
(961) PalomaCha 93 l:15i, tit
971 Yankee Doodle. 101 I:U'., 6f
(9>_) I.owsl^ky ' •S|1:1«V « ,
9*6 Ksnuin I 98!1:1.JA (jf
98. 'i'oano 108 1:14 V 6f
Ot*. Tonlno 9211:34 , 7.
ma p" ' f": JTm '.'J?" --"rv- »«»P-Wagn*r-MamleCole
2_i£- lv,n stable.. ' ot "-> P .lhlan-Vctr 8
ii.S i.- Bwrn--b\\aterbo:iBe Surinam-imp. l'aloma
I__1 __ p' - w-__2_l c stable.. ,I'nuceßoyai-Man-anita
_. _>. F _. or 1 1 * aD --- Isaac Murpby-Derochment
94 -• I. l, _ .... ....... _la_es-Ml_s Hall ■ ,"" ueus
}?_ _"•• 2! 7?-.? , _ mb _ n « - Longfellow-Sal
illO _•.. S.C. Hu_i_t_...... ;J. H. Fe_ioa-Li__le B
did not detract in the least from the at
tendance at the new course yesterday, and
the racing was above the average. Out
siders in the betting predominated, for but
two rir-t choices r>oked their noses past
the wire in :ront. In tne way of long odds
Ihe Judge carried off the honors, taking
the second event at odds of 40 to 1.
The opening event was a rive and a half
furiong spin for maiden three-year-olds.
The Spreckels entry Carnation was a hot
4 to 5 choice, but after leading to within a
few yards of the wire was beaten out a
."•hort head by the 15 to 1 cnance Globe,
ridden by Slaughter. Imp. Alien was
third.
'Ihe betting on the six-furlong run that
followed was very open. Tobey at 10 to 5
was blightly over Gold Bug, who went to
the post at fours. In a hard drive. Boze
man astride the outsider The Judge got
his mount past the wire a short half length
in advance of Huntsman, fairly well
played at good odds. Gold Bug, who was
inclined to run out in tne stretch, was a
close third.
That very promising youngster, George
Palmer, carrying the red, white and blue
colors of the Jockey Club's president. A.
B. i-y-reckels. easily disposed of the seven
youngsters opposed to tiim in the four
furlong sprint for two-year-olds, starting
a B to 10 choice. He beaded Rosella m
ihe stretch and beat her oat easily by a
length and a half, witu Sister Adella fin
ishing in the show.
A Handicap at a mile clearly demon
trated that the handicapper underes
timated the capabilities of W. B. Sink's
mare Sister Mary. Starting at odds of 4
to 1, she lingered in an advantageous po
sition to the stretch, where she assumed
the lead and won galloping, with Sam
Leake finishing in the place. Imp. Miss
Bruiuniel, the favorite, was a fair third.
The winner went to the post at 4 to 1.
Bookmaker George Rose's horse Nephew
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
had first call in the betting on the mile and I
a sixteenth run, decided under selling con- i
ditions, and the same o!a cripple won in '
the most exciting drive of the day. Open
ing at 6 to 5 he went to 8 to 5," at which •
price he went to the post. The Duchess ■
of Milpitas made the running to the
stretch, with Trix and Nephew close up. '
Bergen gradually worKed the favorite into
the lead, and in a rattling arive snatched '
the race by a nose from the fast-coming i
Foremost ridden by Macklin. Trix was a
close third.
A six-furlong sprint that concluded the
day's sport again upset the talent's pre
dictions. Mobalasca carrying 03 pounds
was chosen to carry the bulk of the coin,
beinp backed from" twos to 8 to 5, receding,
however, at post time to 9 to 5, vying with
Mount McGregor II for favoritism honors.
The third cnoice, Babe Murphy, made a
fine run tbrougn the stretch, and head
ing both of the favored ones in the
bettine, passed the judses a handy
winner.
Track and Paddock Items.
The judges suspended Shaw indefinitely
for his peculiar ride on Gold Bug in the
second race.
Bookmaker George Rose returned yes
terday from his pleasure trip to Honolulu.
C. E. Murray has disposed of the three
ycar-oid gelding Ciaude Hill to Dr. Row
eli at the reported price of $300.
WOMEN'S CONGRESS PLANS.
Open Meeting In Their Interest on
Thursday Evening.
An open meeting preliminary to the
coming Women's Congress will be held at
the auditorium of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association on Thursday evening.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, Miss Susan B. An
thony and Rabbi Voorsanger will be the
ppeakers. The design and scope of the
Women's Congress to be held in this City
from May 4 to May 11 will be dwelt upon.
A general invitation is extended.
I he programme for the congress is prac
ticahy completed. Mrs Ellen C. Hen
rotin, president of the National Federation
of Women's Clubs, will assist in the de.iter
ations, aud it is probable that the names of
lira. Ciara B. Colby, editor of the Women's
Tribune, and Mrs! Mary Lowe Dickinson
■will be added to the list of distinguished
spakerswho will address the body.
Tne association is confident mat the
congress of "96 will surpass in prcnt and
attractiveness all its predecessors.
RELAY RACE ENTRIES
Teams to Compete in the Great
Hundred-Mile Event
Sunday.
Ten C übs Entered and Two Hundred
Men Are Ready fcr the Racs
of the Year.
The entries for the annual 100-mile relay
race of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs closed last night, and there are ten
teams entered of ten men each from the
following clubs: Acme Club Wheelmen,
Oakland; Aiameda Cyclers, Alameda: Bay
City Wheelmen and California Cycling
Club, San Francisco; Garden City Cyclers,
San Jose; Imperial Cycling Club and
Olympic Club Wheeimen, Jsm Francisco;
Reliance Club Wheelmen, Oakland; San
Francisco Road Club. San Francisco, and
San Jose Road Club, San Jose.
Each rider is allowed a trailer, who
starts one minute behind and may lend
his wheel to the relay rider. in case of acci
dent, thus making 200 men who will actu
ally race, beside 20U more who will act as
officials at the ten relay stations.
The race will start promptly at 9 o'clock
nest Sunday morning from Tenth and
Market streets, this City, and will finish
at Central avenue and Grand street, Ala
meda, about 2 o'clock. The men who will
ride each relay and the clubs they repre
sent are as follows:
"First relay— Theodore Schleuter, Acme; W T
Pratt, Alameda; E. Languetin, Bay City; F
Hansen, California; G. Hardenbrook, Garden
City; a. E. iiozio, Imperial; G. E. Kroetz
Olympic; A. M. Boydeu, Reliance; Ralph Rob
inson, San Francisco Road Club; M. J. O'Brien
San Jose Road Club.
Second relay— J. R. Kenua, Acme; F. D. Taft,
Aiameda; C. A. Krafts, Bay City; C. Birdsall,
California; Tony Detm as. Garden City; C. A".
Conger, Imperial; W. J. Christ, Olympic; F. li.
Wilklns, Reliance; Guy Frost, San Francisco
Read Club; J. J. Carroll,. Jose Road Club
Third relay— P. M. Lefevre, Acme; J. G. Hur
ley, Alamede; J. C. Williamson. Bay City • P
0. Alexander, California; Russell " Gushing
Garden City; P. Metcalt, Imperial; G. P.
Fuller, Olympic; Edgar Curtis, Reliance; (X
Goodwin. San Francisco Road Club; Ralph
Hammonds, San Joie Road Club.
Fourth relay— G. H. Crafts. Acme; E. M
V.'halley, Alameda; H. E. JlcCrea, Bay City;
J. W. Harvey, California; C. M. Smith, Garden
City; E. C. Barley. Imperial; Allan N. Jones,
Olympic; Charles R. Griffith, Reliance; New
:on Ackerrnau.San Francisco Road Club; John
Win?, San Jose Road Club.
Fifth relay— E. J. Smith,. Acme; M. E. Games,
Alameda; A. J. Menne, Bay City; H. Stern
hirg, California; Al Hubbard, Garden City; T.
L. Alboreilc, Imperial; C. R. Coulter, Olympic*
P. R. Mott, Reliance; L. S. Leavut, San Fran
cisco Road Club; Ray Hogg, San Jos© Road
Club.
sixth relay— M. F. Ros». Anne; F. G. Thorns!-,
Aiameda; B. C. Raynaud. hny City; J. D. Car
diseU, California; Gus Karlet, Garden City
\\ . Qookj Imperial; C. L. Davi;-. Olympic;
Charles D. Goooh, Reliance; Ed Eiliot, San
Francisco Roud Club; Joseph Beiloli, Sau Jose
Bo«d Club.
Seventh relay— J. K. Sampson, Acme; C. S.
Bhafer, Alameda; 8. B. Vincent, Bay City; a.
Tntsisen, California; Oscar fcmith. Garden City ;
W. Maack, Imperial; Ed Chapman, Olympfc;
Bert Elf-jrd, Reliance; C. Ackerman, Sail Fran
cisco Road Club; J. E. Wil.oughby, san Jo<e
Road Club.
Eighth re-lay— E. W. Decker, Acme; A. W,
Morgenstern. Alameda; T. A. Griffiths. Bay
City; L. V. Olson. Californid; Julius Smith",
Garden City; B. D. Blake^lee. imperial ; George
Tantau, Olympic; Peicr Deacon, Reliance ; H.
A. Fried lander, San Franc ihco Koad Club;
Homer Caluway, San Jose Koad Club.
Ninth relay— G. A. Nissen, Acme; F. E. Gra
ham, Alameda; E. Ulbricht. Bay City ; R. Coul
ter, California ; Hardy Downing, Garden City;
J. J. Borree, Imperial ;*J. E. Edwards, Olympic;
Charles D. Bates Jr., Reliance; T. Farnsworth,
San Francisco Road Club; Ted Beiloli, san Jose
Road Club.
Tenth relay— H. \V. Squires, Acme; C.
A. Park, Alamed; C. S. Wells, Bay
City; H. Egeberg, California; Otto Zieg-
Jcr Jr., Garden City; F. >f. Byrne. Impe
rial; W. >. Foster, OiVinpic; William Yeoman,
Reliance; George Hamlin, t-an Francisco Road
Club; F. A. McFarland, San Jose Road Club.
The men who will act as judges and
timers at the start and finish of the race
will be: F. H. Kerrigan, C. A. Adams, P.
W. Sharpe, P. S. Hoyt, J. J. B. Argenti,
\S . L. Griffiths, W. I. Pixley. Joseph Ca
tanich. The following association timers
will also act: George P. Wetmore and li.
I). Hadenfeidt. John F. MeGlynn will be
the starter. J. F. Hancock, clerk of the
course: C. W. Prentiss, scorer.
The message to be borne by the relay
riders will be a letter addressed by Mayor
Sutro to Mr. Roederer, president oi tl;e
Board of Trustees of Alameda.
The personnel of the team of the Bay
City Wheelmen will surprise the other
cluos, for tbree of its crack riders. H. F.
Ternll, K. L. Long and T. S. Hall, are not
en the team. Terrill is ili, Hall is out of
condition, and in a try out yesterday two
new men beat him considerably, so lie was
wisely left out.
Ulbricht and McCrea of Los Angeles are
on the team, as well as Krafts of Benicia
and Williamson of Santa Itosa. The
Olympic, Garden City and Acme teams
are particularly strong, and the others all
have a tignting chance.
The riders trailers and officials will all
go to thpir respective stations this after
noon and to-morrow morning, co as to be
on the ground in ample time for the great
est cycling event of the year.
The racing committee of the association
stated last night that the race would not
be postponed lor any reason except a heavy
rain Sunday morning, which seems un
likely now to occur.
Patents are issued by sixty-four govern
ments in the world.
WORKMEN'S LABORS END
Many Important Constitutional
Amendments Passed Yes
terday.
POLAND AGAIN GRAND DEPUTY
A Resolution Carried Appropriating
$6000 for Extension
Work.
Yesterday was the third day's session of
the annual meeting of the Grand Lodge
Frank S. Poland, Who Has Been Appointed Deputy GranJ Master of the A. o
1. AY. for the Eleventh Time.
of United Workmen. It was expected
that all the rc-raaining business of the
organization would be transacted by a late
hour nr the afternoon, but it was found
necessary to hold until (3 o'clock in the
evening, take an adjournment till 7 and
finish as soon after that as possible, and a
resolution to this effect was carried. Later
it was thought ben not to adjourn at H
o'clock, but to continue the session until
all business was off the body's hands, and
this was decided upon by motion after a
short debate.
The consideration of amendments was
first in order. The first provided that the
office of grand trustees be abolished and
that their duties hereafter devolve on the
finance committed. It was adupteU with
little discussion.
The next amendment provided that the
offices of grand «vide an i inside and out
side watchmen be made appointive in
stead of elective. It wasarcued that these
are unimportant offices and require much
more time in being riiled than is due
them. The amendment was adopted after
a short debate.
An amendment was introduced on the
score of economy, making the mileage
rates one-third less than existing rate, but
was defeated.
The special committee on the claim of
the relatives of W. J. Barry, who mys
teriously disappeared seven years ago, "re
ported favorably. It was then ordered
that the claim be paid.
The claim of the relatives of the de
ceased D. E. Gordon was also ordered
paid.
After other minor business had been
transacted the meeting adjourned until 2
o'clock in the afternoon.
The first proposition to come up was
whether an official organ should be estab
lished or whether the iraternal items
should be published in one of the ertat
dailies. Bids from two of tnese hadl>een
submitted lor the consideration of the
order, but the idea did not meet with
much approval. The debate on the sub
ject was warm and protracted, but it was
clearly to be seen from the start that the
general consensus ot opinion was adverse
to puUishiug the fraternal news in a daily
paper and favorable to an official organ to
be devoted entirely to the needs and wel
fare of the organisation. The question
was finally referred to the consideration of
the corporate directors.
A resolution to appropriate ?GOOO for ex
tension work, the general upbuiiiiing and
propagation of the order, was carried by a
large vote.
A resolution creating the office of attor
ney and counselor of the order with sal
ary fixed at $500 per annum was also car
ried, with the proviso that it meet the
favor of the corporate directors.
A constitutional amendment to hold
biennial sessions was defeated.
The report of the committee on honored
dead to present *. tribute to deceased mem
bers was adopted by a rising vote, i
All committee reports having been re
ceived and acfd on, the officers-elect were
duly installed according to the rites pecu
liar to the society by Past Supreme Master
Workman William H. Jordan.
The following appointments were an
nounced :
Deputy grand master, Frank S. Poland;
grand lecturer. Edwin Danforth; finance
committee— William Brodenck, Thomas
VV. Bethel, E. J. Fennon; board of arbi
tration— 'William 11. Jordan, George B.
Xatzenstein, E. Danforth, Taylor Rogers,
Eugene M. Deujjrey.
A few minor details in business matters
were settled, and a motion to adjourn un
til the next annual session in Aprtl of next
year was made and carried. Amid cheers,
handshakings and general congratulations
ended the annual session of the A. O. U.
. Everything has progressed smootiilv,
delegates are delighted and, though tired
out by the arduous labor, all look forward
to the next annual session.
BOXERS AND SPRINTERS
Owen Zieglcr Will Arrive With Hit
Trainer, Hugh Kennedy, on
Tnegday.
Preliminaries for the proposed match
between Owen Ziegler and Geovge Green
have been consummated.
Ziegier will arrive from Philadelphia on
Tuesday next, and as the boxing tourna
ment will not take place until the evening
of May 1. the PhiJadelphian will have
ample time to condition himself for a ten
round content with the clever welter-weight
of the Olympic Ciub.
Z-.egler looks every inch a fighter. He
is 5 feet S iuthes in height and fights best
at 140 pounds. Green is 5 feet 8^ inches
and will right at 145 pounds.
According to an agreement which has
been approved of by both men, the pugil
ists will box at catch weights. Ziegler is
25 years old and has, during the iast rive
years, met and successfully defeated a
number of good men. His hardest battles
were against Horace Leeds, Stantou Ab
bott, Jack McAuliffe and Eyerhardt. His
trainer, Huyrh Kennedy, will accompany
him to this City.
George Green will be trained by Frank
Fester at the Olympic Club's "outdoor
grounds.
Arthur Walker, the Australian welter
weight pugilist, arrived yesterday from
New York— just in time to be too late for
a match with Green. Walker says that he
will meet any nian of his class in" America,
either in a limited contest or a '"go" to the
finisn. He is on his way to Australia.
The Olympic Club may possibly match
big John Miller against Van Buskirk for a
bout of four or six rounds, to take place on
the evening of the May tournament. Both
men are willing to box.
On Sunday the first of a series of run
nine races will be held at the outdoor
grounds of the Olympic Club. The dis
tance is 100 yards, and entries will be re
ceived at the ground?. On Sunday, the
19th insr., a 220-yard race will take place,
and on the Sunday following the final race
ofßHoyard« will be decided. The contest
ants winning the createst number of point*
will receive medals.
THE OREGON GRAY BEATEN
Colusa Stone Will Be Used in
the New Union F^rry
Depot.
Papers Fi'ed in the $40,000 L bel
Damage Su.t Against Com
missioner Co!non.
The Board of Harbor Commissioner? de
cided yesterday to substitute the Sites
stone of the Colusa quarry for the Oregon
gray stone, as specified in the plans and
specifications for the new ferry station.
A light is expected to follow on the heels
of this action. It is generally believed the
proDhets of the board will not be disap
pointed, as all the unsuccessful contractors
who bid on the work are in league against
the Commissioners and the contractors
whose tenders were accepted.
At, the meeting of the Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday afternoon Mr. Mc-
Carthy, the contractor on the mason work,
was one of the most interested spectators
next to W. Farwell of the Niles quarry,
who has made a strong fight for his stone.
The odd? were against him.
The board's architect, Mr. Swain, and
Engineer Holmes were positive in their
opinion that the Coiusa stone, the price
being the same as that of the Oregon gray,
was the better. Their inrestigation bad
convinced them that the Sites stone, after
long exposure to the elements, showed no
sign of disintegration, and in the case of
tome of the quarry's product in use on the
steps leadine up to the main entrance of
the Catholic church in Colusa for eighteen
years the tooling was almost as distinct as
when laid in place by the masons.
In the case of the Niles stone no objec
tion as to it? durable qualities was made,
but Messrs. Swain and Holmes were of the
opinion that it would be difficult to quarry
the stone in the specified dimensions. In
the minds of the?e two experts a grave
doubt existed as to the possibility of quar
rying the requisite sized blocks.
Mr. Farweli demurred to this opinion,
but it did nira no good.
The Gites stone will be used unless the
uiiMiccefsful bidders succeed in compel
ling the Commissioners throuch the courts
to hold to the original specification*.
Attorney Stratton holds that the board
had tne ripht to take this action, but in
the event that trouble ensues he ordered
that the proviso be made in the amended ;
specifications that the original contract
and specifications shall be binding on
both parties.
Mr. Gorall of the Pacific Bridge Com
pany, who is understood to be back of the
McCarthy tender, agreed to the proviso,
and thus the matter stands until ihi in
evitable fieht comes.
The papers in the libel damage suit of
D. E. Farley vs. E. L. Colnon, president of
KEVT TO-SAT. <i
■ -".'■ i" «■ ■■■ ■■;■ -v ■■■ ' ';■■•.■:'- • ■■• -■ •..■ ■■.- :. -
IS
MB 1 \
- v Sr Mf v "^
"Only a Bluff tf -the
would be equals of
'MANTELL' Cigars.
•Its delicious NATURAL flavor
is equaled only in high-price
. cigars. \ - -
10c, 2 for 25c, 3 for 25c. All dealers.
The Wtrthcimer Co.. Wholesalers, S. F. i
tbe Harbor Commission, were served j-es
terclay.
The plaintiff, it will be recalled, is the
captain who was discharged from thecom
niand of the State's tug Governor Mark
ttura for asserted incompeteney. He
wants $40,003 damages for artick"^ which
appeared in The Call and Rejiort o;\ Sep
tember A and 5 of ja>tyear, alleged to t^ aye
been inspired by the defendant, and also
for remarks said to have been made by
Celnon in the presence of witne^se.-.
The articles and verbal statements in
question are set forth as extremely dam
&ging to plaintiffs nautical reputation,
containing the assertion that he is color
blind, incompetent, Kept his engineers in
a state of perpetual perplexity by frequent
and uselfss ringing of bells, and that in
case of tire it would be impossible to pre
dict liow he would conduct himself and
tne boat under his command. The cap
tain was discharged on the 10th of August,
1895. Porter Ashe is plaintiffs attorney.
Chief Wharfincer Root made a reconi
mer.dalion concerning the clearing of the
i front at the end of Second street with a
I view to facilitate the landing of freight
vessels, and thereby obviate the present
necessity of driving hogs, sheep and other
animals" received by boat through the
streets in the vicinage of the ferry station.
His report and recommendation will be
acted upon.
His recommendation was also approved
to the effect that the application of the
Simpson Lumber Company for chance of
berth privilege from Howard-Street No. 2
(pier 6) to Howard No. 3 (pier 10) be
granted.
President Colnon reported drawing the
following warrants against the depot fund :
February 25, 1896, purchase oi United
States bonds, fMJ,OBy 90; expressage on
same, $53 20; telegraph service, 75 cents.
The board adjourned to meet this morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
SEW TO-DAT.
l& MM ■
jjfj
Hold On ! !
Don't buy a Rocker until
you see this one— large and
comfortable, in the new
finishes— Gold Oak, Birch
and Mahogany ; cobbler
seat. Our "750 Mission -
street price" on it is $3—
-$3.00-
Think of it!
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO. I
750 Mission St.
I Cupid I
I on Cocoa ?
* *
t£ Whisper, fair one ! Thy beauty a
' will soon wane and -wither un-
** less you feed and fertilise its %
<Jl . source. For this there's nothing m
like good Cocoa — and there is \
** none so pure, fresh, strong- and '
nourishing as " m
* Ghirardelli's I
1 Take no substitute. 30 cups, 25c. Q
j4* *t 4V4* 41 41 41 4* 4% 4* 4* 41 4* 'I
I RAILROAD TRAVSU
Atlantic
Trains leave from an I arrive 4fcv^E£^£%^/RiS^
at Market-Street Ferry. ?^S^S^^*^^d
SANTA FEEXPKfcsS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pull rain
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Steepen to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tot
lie aver aud s:. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey managrement. Connecting trains ■
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the Ease
New rails, new ties: no dnst: intereslln? scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-ro«m or dlainj-
cui.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
ChtHiiitdo liuiltliojt« .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
 {\ia Sausalito Ferry).
*Rom Sa= Francisco, comnv lag iiarch 29, 1893.
FOr a ?l iU -i. V and " San Rafael - 7:00. «8-00
: 9 : l 5, 10:16 ' 11:45. a. *•: .1:15, 3:.0. 4:15,
5:15, *v:ijt . «:3j r M ,
Extra trips lor San Kafarl on Mondays, WednM-
aay« and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 p. m.
\ VS.
For Mill Valley and San" RaJael-*8 :00, «9:00,
Mo:uy. 113JA. *.;**!- $ j. -1:30. »2:15, »4:CO,
li •oil ' 30 p.m."- Extra trip to Sauaalitoat
Trains marked • run to San Qnentin. **12:30
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. -• '-,
', ■■_•• THROUGH TRAINS.
t 'X% r ' M " weekd »>s— Cazadero and way station*,
a <« A " U - "lays— Ca*a Jero and way stations.
V.W a. m. !sunJ»yi— Point Eeyes ana way station*, j
The Fountain of Life
vision, spots l[ Si CIRCULARS
' be/ore the . 1 1 iI »1
i eyes, loss of J, I J|^ __op__
! Bleep, loss 4k il.tffl — ° r
!of vigor, il7!f|. I\lL
restless" I mwk If I V A LI
mem, an ft. \j H 1 1 1 1 I U II
give way h |, " : || j j (Jill II UU I (111
to dear y I J '|'X >j Uml
si?nt, to 1I j I [ J|U?.-\
« £ /jl'jll Jwi CDCC
; h Q * a a ■in, j I |]ll riiLLi
Si!lSlf|J|ll«!|.lHl..«^.t..-..'-tMa...«wESSfi«
GREAT HUDYAN
Hndyan stops the premature condition of the
body. ~H lid van cures certain cases of lost man-
hood. Hudyan cures nervous debility, nervous-
ness, emissions.
FREE
jJ3~ Circulars and Testimonials.
j HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis St«.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
I. ft* BICYCLES 1
k £jdw[£mohrj'g^*§ A)
V 5 » 1510 MARKET ST JB&I
RAILROAD TRAVEt:
voj i:n j:> 1»4« IFIC CO3tI»AJI».
[tacitk mm.)
Trnln* karr nuil lire «lno to nrriTe u«
: SAN lI£AN»IS<«.
LEAvr. — Fr.OM Marc 28. 130 G. — Aitßin
~:«»oa Atlantic Kipress ug>leti and Kaai.. Bs43p
T:OOa. Benicii. VacaviUe. Rcipsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via lUTis :13*
7:00 a Martinez, Baa Eimon. Xapa, Calia-
tcga and Santa Rosa o:lop
8::«Oa Niles, Kau Jose. Stockton, lone.
Sacram;nto. MaryfiTillo. lteil iJluff
an<l Boadays excepted Uroville — t:l»P
•S:3o\ Tctera ami Milton T*l»
«:«»a Los Angeles Express. Fresno. Santa
llarliar.T. and lx» Aiigeita «:4Sp
»:O«a Martinez and Stockton 1c:»-»a
•J:OOAVaatjo 0: 1 >
l:OOi- Nito, San Jose onrl Lirermore Brio*
•l:OOp Sicramento ItiTer ««»:«iOp
j (l:^Or Port Costa and ' Way Stations - t7:-83p
•i:«»oi- Martinez, Kan Uatiiou. Vallejo,
>*apo, nalisjt4<a, El Verauo tad
SanU Kosa 9:l**
4:oOpßenici3, Esparto. 'VVoodlaijil
Knights I.cii ::::»., MaryjTille
Ororillo and IWWltn - Jo:43a
4:3ot* KDea, Sin Jose, LJTtvmore and
Stockton 7:13P
4:SOp Merced, Uerenda, Eiymond (for
Yosenii:*. ; and Frasso 11:45 a.
3:OOi' XewOr;eans 1 .»i'i. .Irs:: Ba
IH-1.1. >i:■.i: .1 mn I Angeles,
Denii-g, El l'aso, New Orleans and
East 1O:15a
StOOp KautA l'o Kuiite. Atlantic Kxprese
for.Mojato ami l^it 10:1.1*.
5:00p Vallejo 1 1 :13a
G:()Vr European Mail, Og.lcn and Kast U:4">a
G:»Oi» llaruarilii, Mi- s J.iA .San Jose t. 1:15 a
J7:««i- VaßaJa J7:43p
7:OOr Orcsou Express, Sacramento, Marys-
Tine, llculdhig, I'ortUud, Tngct
.- Soujul anA Kaat V.V 10:43 a
»"10:«5p " Sunset United." Fresno, Los
Anss'.es, El Paso, New Orleans
and Ka»* *12:45p
SAN I A CIH.Z mviNM»> ( .Narrow tiauge-.
I ~J7153a Santa Cruz Eirnrsion. t-ai:ta Cruz
and Frincipil Way Stations JB:o3p
S:lsa Newark. CenU;rTi!le,SaiiJ(»e,Fcitcn, . V"
Umililsi rhiidr.fWiiili Cruzaa Way
BUtioo* 5:30p
BEewatk, CenterTille, .Sm Jose. New
AluifiUen. Felton, lJoaluor Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations. *11:2Oa
4:l-tr yegarV- -San .Tnse end 1, ■■< (iatos.... 9:."»O\
COAST lUVInU» (Ihiril A. loniispnil sts.)
0:40 a .San Jose ami Way !sta:i ■ :.s {Sew
« Almadeu VTednesJays onlj). ...... Ij43p
S:lsAftaii Jose, Trts I*iuos, Haota Cl t,
Taciiic OroTc. raso Roblcs, San
Luis <)l>i.<>po, Gnadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way .Stations 7K>3p
! 10:10 a San Jose ami Way ht.-.tint!« 5:00p
11:45 a Pil'.-i Also and Way 'Stations 3:30p
~>l«>l .Sau Jo«e. Gilroy. Tres Vinos. ¥ ta
Cruz, S*lina£,Monterey and Pacflic
Groro «I0:40a
•:{:H<ip San Juße and l'riucip«l Way Stations U:4~A
•4:3op.San Josoaml Way Stations *8:00 a
3:30p San .lose ami Way Stations.. # B:4^a
6::iOi- San Jose and Way Stations «>::(."»
lll:4.">i> San Jose ami Way Stations t;;4.">r
>A> IifcAMIKO AMI UAYVVAKUs LO< Al..
»*6:OOa"1 ( 7:1 3 A
*:O<»a j 19:43 A
1o!ooa i Uprose. Seminary Park, ;Ofjg A
I "•» Fitchbarg.SanLea.dro «:»gP
3:00r --a 4:43P
4:00p *■ 5:45P
g;g«P Howards. «:]g-
-7:«Op »:41P
O:0Op ' *■■ tkroagb to NUM. " j oisbp
t*ll:l.lp ; trromNiles. [t(l2 : oo P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromSiS rRiSCISCO— foot of JUrlcet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl£Q »2:30 13:00
M:CO 1848 '6:Mr.ii.
CiiLAS3— Foot of BroadMT.— *6:00 B^o
•10:004.M. J12:00 •1:CO t2:30 »3:C3 ti:CO
•s:S;rji.
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
I *Bro4a»cseepted. * Saturdays only.
} Bondays cnly. Tuesdays only . .- -
-! tt Monday. Thuryi^y and gatrj»lay nights only. -
SMFRISCISCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY 10.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market Si.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
I WE i !: ?n I l AYS - 7:30 ' 9:00. 11:00 a.*.: 12:3\
! 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-Extra trip
! at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays-Extra trips a; 1:58
I Dr . an 11:30 p. m.
BCXDAYS— 7:30. 930, 11:00 A - : 1:30, 3:3
5;00, 0:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Franciitro.
I WEEK DATS— 6:15. 7:50. 9:10. 11:10 a x.-
-12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Ei:ra triaa
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:35 P. m.
SCXDAYS-7:35, 9:,., 11:10 a. if.; 1:40. 3:40,
! 5:00,6:25 p.m.
j Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Pars sam«
\ schedule as above.
Leave j Tl , A -»_, I Arrive
Pun Franclsia A pril^." San *>anclsco.
, Week I Sex- 1> » s 1 t i n a 3 ;! 0 .. i Sex- I Wkek"
Days, j days. u «»"n»«o» 1 - bays. .| Days.
7:30 am 7:30 am! Xorato, 10:40 AX 8:4) am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petal ama, 6:05 pm 10.10 am
. 5:10 5:00 PMJSanta Rosa. 7:30 pm 0:15 p M
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, ! 10:10 AM
H-aldsbur?.
Geysvrville, ;
! 3:30 7:30 am Cioverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
; l-ieta, j I ~~
I Holland &
7:30 am 7:3Pam| Uklah. j 7:30 pm 6:15 m
7:20 am I 10-10 i*
7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30
8:30 1 ,_ 6:15
7:30am!7:30am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a*"
6:lopm|s:oopm and 6:05 pm 6-15 pi»
I Glen Ellen. ™
i l;lgpMJl^P,!^bastopoi.|^: o o^jioaoAs
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Gpvsera. "
kS^ l^^ 15 •* HlBhlan<i sprta «*
| Stages connect at Ik.ah for Vicnv Sprinw. Bla«
• Lakes. Laurel I*ll. Vrper Lake. Boonevm^Sreeo.
wood. MendoclnoClty. For. Brass;, U»al wiipS
Cahto, Willett*, Calpella, Porno, Pol ter VaHe.
S^S^* Gravelly Vai:e} -' Ham * s2S
. rs^ urda r to Monday round-trip tickets a: redaewt
On Sundays round-trip ttcketa to ail points am.
: yond San Rafael at half rates. *~'u.s om.
WHITIxr° Marketst - Chron »«='» bn«Mi ni>
I Gee ilanaser. Gen. AM .JUST AS MOSES MADE IT
A Seventh • Bay Adventist
Preacher Reconstructs the
Tabernacle.
OVERLAID WITH PUiIE GOLD.
Tap.stries and Drinking-Cups Made in
Arab a— One-El venth the Origi
nal Size.
An exact model of the Mosaic Taber
nacle, which has cost its maker years of
labor and thousands of dollars, is just be
ompleted in this City. Only a few
finishing touches are needed and then,
vrobabiy for the first time in history,
there will exist a reproduction, as far as
modern knowledge can reproduce it, of
the wonderful place of worship which
Moses constructed under divine guidance.
The model wiii be only one-eleventh the
size of tin' original tabernacle, but even on
that diminutive scale it has been a very
costly piece of work, for it contains $8000
worth ul pure gold, not to mention the
silver, brass, ivory, costly wood, skins,
embroideries and precious stuffs,
: . of which have boon woven at great
■ !i Arabian looms.
The constructor of the tabernacle is Rev.
J. \V. Kelchner, a Seventh-day Adventist
;. readier of lowa, who is an acknowledged
authority on the subject of much that per
tains to the Mosaic dispensation. Mr.
Kelchuer lectured for some years on the
subject of the tabernacle, and believing
that he could bring the subject home
much more clearly to his hearers if he had
a model, he set to work to construct one.
The vastness oi his undertaking dawned
upon the Adventist as he progressed with
hu work, but by that time ho had become
interested, and was resolved to spare
. r t:me nor money. It was easy
enough, he says, to get the gold, the brass
and the marble; even the precious woods
were not so difficult to procure: but the
curtains, the skins and the embroideries
were almost impossible to reproduce ex
actly. However, Mr. Kelchner sent minute
instructions to the Orient. Paintings and
sketches were made by artists in Chicago
and New York, and, acting under these
instructions, Arabian women wove the
rugs and the curtains, and their skilled
lingers traced out the embroideries,
which, boin^ only one-eleventh of the
Original size, were almost ini.nitesimal.
ahe blue and purple and scarlet of the
different textures did not always harmon
ize, as they must have done in the Mosaic
Tabernacle, and this led Mr. Kelchner to
experiment largely with difFerent dyes till
he had succeeded in blendinshis tints.
Several of the leading architects and
painters in the East were also consulted,
in order to secure perfect harmony of de
t.iil in the construction. Skilled "jewelers
were employed in laying on the gold and
silver and in making the candlesticks,
cherubim, etc., while expert carvers were
• inj 'dyed for the ivory and woodwork.
The drinking vessels were made to order
in Arabian potteries.
All this occupied several years. Before
exhibiting his tabernacle Mr. Kelchner
resolved to have a large background
painted representing Mount Sinai, with
I itta oi the Israelites at its base, as
they were during the Mosaic encamp
ment. It was the desire to have this pic
ture painted by an artist who had made a
special study of Biblical subjects which
led him \<> California. Wilbur A. Reasor
lias devoted three years of work abroad to
:_: Scriptural painting and is well
known as an illustrator of sacred books.
It was to him that Mr. Kelchner was ad-
Lgo to fto for bis painting of
Mount Sinai, aud being in a hurry 10 see
ljis work ended heat ouce packed up the
ITCKi pieces of which his model consists
and set off to California.
He arrived a few days ago and found
Wilbur Keasor busy preparing to leave for
Europe. However, he consented to delay
his departure a couple of weeks, in order
to paint Mount Sinai, and now both the
artist and the Seventh-day Adventist
Bpend most of the hours of daylight in the
studio watching the growth of the moun
tain, which is beinn paiuted from photo
graphs made in the Holy Land.
Mr. Kelcbner considers that in three
weeks his tabernacle will be ready for lec
turing purposes, and he intends to set it
up in some large hall in this City. Speak
ing yesterday of the difficulties with which
he has had to contend, he said: ''There
are no recognized historical authorities on
the subject. Many of the great buildings
and constructions of antiquity are de
scribed by ancient writera, but we have no
account of the tabernacle by any one who
has seen it. In working from the account
given in Exodus it was difficult to get
things to harmonize, and I had to obtain a
great deal of assistance from architects.
"A Methodist writer named Strong re
produced the tabernacle, on paper at least,
a few years ago. and he may have made
kind of a model, but Biblical author
ities have stated that he rnaae a number of
errors. I have taken advantage of the
criticisms passed on his work, and have
i ' tainc-d a good deal of assistance in that
way.
• My model is sixteen feet long, and
both within and without it is made as far
a« possible of the materials indicated in
Exodus. The walls of the tabernacle are
of burnished gold, the law is written on
tablets of marble and the ark is made
minutely according to the written instruc
tions."
The tabernacle has never yet been ex
hibited, except to a few artists and archi
tects in Chicago, who were interested
enough to request a private view.
SALMON IN THE SENATE
Perkins' Bill fcr an Appropria
tion Has a Local Sig
nificance.
The Batfe Creek Hatchery to B»
Transferred From the S'.ate to
the Uniled Sta'es.
California Fish Commissioners are
pleased over the prospects of the
1- c leral authorities coming to their assist
ance in regard to Battle <"r»ek salmon
hati bery on tbe Sacramento liiver.
I here is a deeper significance, however,
In the action of the United States Fish
Commissioners regarding the hatching of
salmon thin attaches to our hatchery
Bion*', said William C. Murdoch, presi
dent of the California Fish Commission,
yesterday. "We are interested, of course,
more directly in what affects California,
but beyond that we see the importance of
I stering the salmon industry on the Pa
cific < oust.
'\\ uh tais end in view. Senator Perkins
has fust introduced in Congress a bill pro
viding for an appropriation of $35,000 for
Kihnou hutcherios on the Pacific Coast.
'•The I nitedßUtesFiah< om mission has
been in communication with us and Sena
tor Perkins, ami with its support there is
little if any doubt bat that the fS.OUO
:i-kec} will be appropriated without delay
The United States commission ha? made
an exhaustive study of the question of
salmon-hatching. It has examined all
parts of the country and arrived at the
conclusion that salmon can be hatched
only on the l'aciiic Coast. Even we have
found that salmon does not hatch well
everywhere in California. The one point
above all that has proved most successful
is the hatchery at Battle Creek. There is
another very fertile spot in Washington,
and I believe some places in Oregon.
"Tl>a step taken by Senator Perkins
practically settles the fate of our hatchery
at llittle Creek. The State could not
afford to maintain it, so the Government
is willing to take the hatchery and keep
it going. For thi« we are to get two-thirds
>f the entire number of salmon hatched.
That would leave 10,000,000 young salmon
a year for the United States, ever so many
more than it could raise elsewhere. It
would also supply all the salmon streams
and leave us a plentiful supply for Califor
nia. The United State: wouid most likely
send its. share to the rivers of the North
west to stock them for the salmon fishers,
and send large numbers to other parts of
the country.
"The Shimon-fishing industry is the most
important of all industries oh the Pacific
Coast, and the United States intends to
foster it. We will be pleased, also, as oth
erwise we could not maintain the hatchery
at Battle Creek."
A JUSTIFIABLE KILLING.
•lames BlcXulty Not Itrapoiislble for the
Death of .1. B. Harrington.
A Coroner's jury yesterday held that
.Tames McNuity was justified in shooting
James E. Harrington. The latter died at
the Receiving Hospital on April 3. He
and a companion named Macnamara en
tered McNuity '3 saloon, at the corner of
Mission and Sixteenth street^, and threat
ened to "do him up." McNuity tired a
shot into the ceiling to frighten them, and
then sh«y left the place.
A short time afterward McNuity closed
his saloon for the night and was on his
way home, when Harrington and Mac
namara again threatened him. They fol
lowed him to the door of liis home and
were forcing their way into the house when
he fired the fatal shot. The bullet entered
Harrington's abdomen.
Harrington had a bad reputation. He
was known as ''Bullhead' 1 Harrington.
Jle was 2.2 years of age.
FAVOR HOME PRODUCTS.
The Preston School of Industry
to Use California
Gcods.
Letter From Mr. Bernard to the Man
ufacturers' and Producers'
Association.
For over a year the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association has been endeav
oring to secure to Californian business
houses the contracts for supplying State
institutions. Last year there was some
correspondence on the matter between the
association and Secretary Bernard of the
Preston School of Industry at lone. The
secretary promised to do what he could to
recommend the idea to the trustees of the
institution, and as a result of his efforts
; the following letter was received yester
day at the rooms of the association :
I'ine. CaL. April 7, 189t>.
To the Secretary of the Manufacturers' and Pro
tl'ir.r*' AißOdatUm, San Fraadtco, CaL — Dk.vr
Sir: Authority having beta duly vested in me
by virtue of a resolution of the honorable
board of trustees of the Preston School of In
dustry to "revise the schedules issued by the
to prospective bidders on furnishing
, Buppliea t<> tliis Institution, with a view to the
elimination therefrom of all brain's and arti
! eles manufactured without the confines of this
I state, where supplies of e<jual grade and qual
ity can be secured of homo manufacture ni
I equally advantageous prices." I heir to snb
; mit to you by this mail, under separate cover,
a sample Of each of the twenty-six schedules
used by me at t lie lost awarding of contracts,
this In accordance with my promise to that
effect made last year.
These schedules are submitted for your sug
: gestion in the matter oi revision, as indicated
I above, for it is and has always been my desire
; to see the home manufacturer or producer af
forded an equal chance at least in the home
market. Kindly note the changes desired,
■ and return the BChedules to me at voureariiest
opportunity.
Wishing your organization every prosperity,
I am very truly yours,
H. E. Bernard, Secretary.
The schedules mention all kinds of sup
plies generally needed in public institu
tion?, and in generous quantity. The sub
stitution of home products for imported
ones in the annual award will be a step in
the direction along which the association's
efforts aie Vicing put forth.
"It will be a great thing for California,' 1
remarked Assistant Secretary Dingle, "if
the other institutions can be induced to
follow the example of the Preston School.
The certainty of a market at home will
give an impetus to home manufacturers
and producers which must bring a great
change for the better in the business of
the State."
LITTLE TIME NOW REMAINS.
Sat\irday Night Will Mark the Cloge of
the Great Dictionary Distribution.
The Pacific Coast Newspaper Syndicate's
supplemental distribution of the Encyclo
; p;rdie Dictionary is now fast drawing to a
i close, and those who desire a set of the
| work at the low price and easy terras lib
j erally arranged must send in their appli
; cation and remittance before Saturday
| night.
The syndicate has been sending out
i sample pages and descriptive matter re
garding the volumes, but many have pre
ferred to send in their initial payment of
\ $1 and receive in return the full set of four
j volumes, which, if not as represented, may
i be returned within ten days and the small
, payment will be refunded.
The Encyclopedic Dictionary seems to
j have hypnotized tue public and orders for
■ it pour into the syndicate headquarters
with a steady ever-increasing volume, like
the flow of Tennyson's brook. Entirely
new and up to date the work is a invalu
| able as a book of reference, being at once a
', dictionary ana an encyclopedia. Already
500 sets have been distributed, and readers
who really desire a complete reference
library in a condensed form should lose no
j time in tilling out the order blanks and
i forwarding their applications. The oppor
tunity for securing this work at tne present
price closes with this week. Next week
the price will be advanced to $42 per set.
A PASTOR ASSAULTED.
Rev. F. Fujiwara Struck In the Face by
Tax Collector Jones.
Rev. F. Fujiwara, assistant pastor of the
.Japanese Mission, 329 Pine street, swore
out a warrant yesterday for the arrest of
Thomas Jones, a tax collector, on the
charge of battery.
Fujiwara went to the ferry yesterday
morning to see some friends off. While
standing there Jones went up to him and
demanded immediate payment of his poll
tax. He explained that he had no money
with him, but if Jones would call at the
mission he would b& paid. Then Jones
struck him a heavy blow in the face with
bis clenched fist.
Fujiwara reported the case to Captain
Dur.levy, who advised him to go to the
City Hall and swear out a warrant for
Jones' arrest.
An Ungrateful Youth.
James Meek, cabinet-maker. 1118 Mission
street, out of the kindness of his Heart gave
employment to a ]>oor young man nnraed A. O.
Pffiff about R week ago. On Monday he sent
iiiii' to collect a bilJ of -$50 from a customer.
Be got $lf> on ncconnt but did not return with
the money. Yesterday Meek received a long
letter from Oakland admitting that he had
taken the money but would make restoration
as boon as he was able. Meek swore out a
warrant for his arrest on the charge of mis
demeanor embezzlement.
A«k Mr. Havens of Con. Virginia what Mitch
ell's Magic Lotion does for sprains. •
THE gAJX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL IC* 189 C.
ROBBED TELEPHONE BOXES
Joseph O'Donnell, an Ex-Mes
senger-Boy, Caught in
the Act.
HE CONFESSES HIS GUILT.
The Sunset Telephone Company Esti
mates the Amount Stolen at
About $300.
The thief who has been robbing the
nickel-in-the-slot boxes of the Sunset Tele
graph and Telephone Company has bean
captured. His name is Joseph O'Donnell,
an ex-messenger-boy, who has descended
to crime to get money to satisfy his crav
ing for opium.
The first discovery of the thefts occurred
on March IS at the telephone in Cables &
Bailey's saloon, 121 Montgomery street.
When the monthly collection was made
there were only a few nickels in the box
instead of from $8 to $10 as formerly.
Since then the boxes in the following
Telephone-Box Containing the Nickels,
Show ing Burglar- Alarm Attachment.
places were found to have been rifled of
their contents: Cafe Royal, Market and
Fourth streets; Siebe Bros. & Plagemann,
wholesale liijuor, 328 Sansomo street;
Silver Dollar Haloon, Hal'eck and Sansome
streets; Fidelia Saloon, 625 Kearny street;
Harnke, grocer, 734 Broadway; Lepori,
hotel and saloon, 511 Broadway ; Lacazette,
saloon, 741 .TacKson street; Barberria, res
taurant, 1318 Stockton street; Ortieu &
Gerhardt, saloon, 125 Powell street; Re
ception Saloon, 200 SutteF street; Wrede,
saloon, (rough and Market streets; Con
stant Saloon, Post and Mason streets;
Signal Transfer Company, (ieary and
Jones streets; Morris, cigar-store, 1500
Market street; Giovannini, coulyard, 812
Pacific street ; Carr, saloon, Sutler street
and Central avenue; the Sutherland
Hotel, 791 Sutter street; Becker, grocer,
631 Sutler street; Searchlight Bureau, real
estate, 602 Market street; Cohn, crockery
store, 1914 Fillmore street.
The places selected were those where the
telephone was in a recess and not in the
line of vision of the occupants. The mo
dus operandi of the thief was to <irop a
nickel in the slot, unlock the box, takeout
the tin receiver for the nicKels and empty
the contents into his pockets.
After the first discoveries were made
new boxes were substituted with a slit in
them, but me thief was not to be balked.
He stole the box itself. Tnen a special
stamp was designed to seal each box, but
it had no effect.
The police were notified, and Detective !
George H. Graham and Policeman A. H.
Holmes were detailed on the case along
with William Brominage of the telephone
company. About a week ago they decided
to recommend that burglar alarms should j
be attached to the boxes. Tnis was done,
and ttie telephone lessees were notified to :
run to the telephone when thuy heard the
alarm ring and hold the thief.
On April 6 the burglar alarm in the tele- ;
phone box at Cables & Bailey's saloon, j
which the thief had again visited, rang, ,
and a rush was made to the telephone.
O'Donnell was found t;.ere with the box
open and the receiver full of nickels in nis
riocket.
He was held till Graham and Holmes
were notified. They took him into cus
tody and he has been detained in tne
"t;mks" at the City Prison since.
O'Donnell since his arrest confessed that '
he was. the thief. He said he got a key to
fit the boxes from a discharged employe of !
ihe telephone company. He went to China- i
town and got a duplicate set of keys made
fur 15 cents. He admitted he and others,
whose names he refused to divulge, had
entered into a conspiracy to go all over
the State and rob all the nickel-in-the-slot
boxes. The confession was made on the
understanding that a light sentence would
be passed upon him. Last night he was I
booKed on one charge of petty larceny
and the sentence will likely be six months.
The company has discharged employes
before who have been caught stealing from
the boxes and this is the first prosecution. I
There are about 3000 of these boxes in the I
City, but those given were the only ones,
robbed by O'Donnell. The exact amount ;
stolen by O'Donnell is not known as no i
record is kept by the company of the ;
nickel-in-the-Blot switches, but it is esti- '
mated it will bebetween $2f>o and $300.
The discharged employe of the company
who pave O'Donnell tne key will not be
prosecuted out of sympathy "for his wife's !
condition.
When O'Donnell was arrested he was
thoroughly searched for the Key, but it
could not be found. A small pocket In the
"Hy" of his trousers was discovered after
ward where he tia'i evidently kept the key.
It was suppored that he had hidden the
key in the cell and magnets were used to
try and rind it without effect, O'Donnell
declines positively to say where he has
placed it.
THE A. O. H. CONVENTION
Prominent Irishmen of the State
to Meet at San Jose in
May.
Fight fir State Secretary, Who Will
Attend t'ae National Convention,
Already On
The annual convention of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians of California will be
held at San Jose early in May, and already
preparations are being made for the event.
Probably the most exciting incident of
the convention will be the election of State
secretary. The fight is being centered on
this office, as ii is regarded as being the
most important in the organization. There
are a number of candidates already in the
field, and the battle will be an interesting
one.
Captain E. I. Sueehan is a candidate for
State secretary and his friends are making
an active canvass for him. He is one of
the foremost Hibernians on the coast and
is a great worker for the cause which the
order represents, the advancement of tbe
religious, civil and social interests of the
Irish-Catholic people. Charles McCarthy
of Oakland is also a candidate lor the
office, but Captain Sheehan's supporters
declare that he will walk away with the
prize.
John Kenny, who is a prominent mem
ber of the order in San Francisco, has also
lately entered the field for State secretary.
As the State secretary will represent
California in the National convention,
which will be held in Detroit in July, and
which will be attended by some 200,000
delegates, a lively interest is being taken
in the coming contest.
The annual communion of the four divi
sions of the Ancient Order of Hibernians
of Oakland will take place at the Church
of the Immaculate Conception at the 8
o'clock mass on Sunday morning next. It
is expected that Archbishop Riordan will
be present and deliver an address.
HOW BOLDT GOT EVEN.
A. Sftloon-Keeper Whacks a Man With a
Bung-Starter Because He Didn't
Buy a Drink.
H. Boldt keeps a grocery and saloon on
Eighth and Folsom streets. A few nights
aso Jacob Kerns, a laborer, living in the
Harmony Hotel, on Brannan street, went
into a rear room of the saloon, where- he
remained for a few minutes, and was leav
ing without purchasing a drink. This an
gered Boldt.
"How much do you weigh ?" Boldt
asked him. "I have a bet with this friend
of mine and want to settle it."
"I don't know," said Kerns, "what lay
weight is. I haven't been weighed fora
long time."
"Well," said Boldt, "let's have a drink
on the subject."
They had a drink and then Boldt's friend
grabbed hold of Kerns and lifted him off
Ins feet. Boldt took a bung-starter and
whacked Kerns over the hips and back
with it to such an extent that Kerns was
confined to his bed for tliree days.
Kerns as soon as he was able to leave the
house swore out a warrant for Boldt's ar
rest on a charge of battery. Tue case was
settled in Judge Joaciiimsen's court yes
terday, and Boldt was convicted and or
dered to appear for sentence to-morrow.
MONUMENT AT MONTEREY
Achievements of Commodore
Slcat to Be Commem
oraied.
Every County in the Slate of California
Invited to Contribute a
Stone.
The Sloat Monument Association met
at the Occidental Hotel yesterday after
noon. The members present were Dr.
Washington Aver, president; Captain W.
L. Duncan, first vice-president; Colonel
Joseph Stewart, second vice-president;
M;ijor Edwin A. Sherman, secretary; Jesse
I). Carr, Dr. James L. Gogftsweli, Wiiiiara
Frank Pierce and Colonel Frank Pierce,
ne phew of ex-President Pierce.
In calling the meeting to order President
Aver said :
For the information of the gentlemen pres
ent I will state that this meeting was called
for the purpose of making arrangements to lay
the cornerstone of a monument to be erected
at Monterey in honor of Commodore Sloat ana
in commemoration of his heroic exploit in
raising the stars and stripes, which gave free
dom to a misruled people and gave birth to a
new civilization to the whole of the Pacific
Coast from the Straits of Magellan to the Si
berian £on, and secured 168,000 square- miles
of new territory to the United States and the
brightest star in the constellation of States.
Fifty years from the date of that memorable
event it is eminently proper, right and impor
tant that we should' Rive some enduring ex
pression of gratitude to the hero who secured
such abenetaction for all ' generations yet. to
b3. Then let t lie granite shaft tell the story of
a Nation's gratitude and tht bronze statue" re
ceive the first ra>s of the morning sun to glad
den the eye and keep his memory green.
It was resolved that the Board of Super
visors of each county in California be in
vited to attend the cornerstone celebra
tion at Monterey on July 7 next, and to
lurnish a stone of the uniform sisa re
quired, with the dire of the comfy and
its organization cut thereon. The dimen
sions of me stone are to be three feet
lons, two feet wide and eighteen inches
thick.
It was the sense of the meeting that no
stone prepared by prison !;Ux>r should he
used. The stones are to be eit er granite
or marble, and if practicable to be quarried
in the counties respectively contributing.
Letters were read from" United States
Senator Perkins, unit the meeting ex
tended a vote of thanks to the Senator.
The official report and orders of Commo
dore Sloat were also read. Some historical
information was giv*n as to the manner in
which the commodore, at Mazittlau, ob
tained authentic news that hostilities had
begun between the United States and
Mexico.
From copies of official records and corre
spondence in the possession of Major Sher
man, the tact is established that Commo
dore Sloat received the first definite intel
ligence of the war from the fleet surgeon,
Dr. Maxwell Wood.
The burgeon was dispatched from Mazat
lan to the exterior of Mexico, and after a
long and perilous journey returned with
the news ol the buttle of Palo Alto. Those
facts were reported to John Parrott, United
States Consul at Mazatlan, and to Commo
dore Sloat. This was on June 7, 184t>.
Thereupon Commodore .Sloat mailed for
Monterey and a month later took posses
sion of California in the name of the
United States.
Many interesting Incidents concerning
the movements of Admiral Seymour of the
British frigate Collingwood are noted in
the data. Minor events concerning the
landing of marines, the detail for hoistine
the liag at Monterey, the detachment of
the ship Portsmouth for San Francisco,
the arrival of the United States ship Con
gress in Monterey Bay, and the arrival
also of H. 13. M. BBip Collin^wood.
The Mexican Veterans, the Masonic fra
ternity and Knights of Pythias at Mon
terey are taking an active interest in the
work of arranging for the cornerstone
ceremonies.
Assurance has been received from Wash
ington thut the Secretary of War will de
tail an officer to join the association in
selecting a site for the monument on the
Government reservation at Monterey.
One of the letters mentioned from B°n
ator Perkins bears date March 30, 1896,
and is addressed to George Edwards,
Berkeley. The Senator writes:
"Although the previous conduct of Com
modore Sloat has no bearing upon the fact
that the United States took possession of
California on a given date, which action is
to be commemorated, it may be well to
again point out that there are among the
records of the Navy Department no docu
ments reflecting upon the oth'cer in con
nection with this matter. In fact there
port of the Secretary of the Navy,
December 5, 1816, says of the manner in
which Sloat carried out his instructions,
that he 'observed the line of conduct pre
scribed to him with such intelligence and
fidelity that no complaint has ever been
made of any unauthorized suggestion on
his part.' "
Senator Perkins also says: "The most
diligent search by Lieutenant Young in
the archives of the Navy Department has
failed to bring forth any document or
reference which detracts from Commodore
Stoat's reputation as a faithful officer."
These facts were presented to show
clearly that Bancroft's history had not
dealt fairly with Commodore Sloat.
Hit With a Lead Pipe.
Charles Oleson, keeper of a rooming-house
at 11C Steuart street, was taking to the Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday afternoon to have a
lacerated wound in his scalp dressed. He was
protecting Sauie Holmes, one ot his roomers,
from Timothy Muldooncy, her lover, who was
threatening to kill her, when Muldooney
whacked him over the head with a piece of
lead pipe. After his wound was dressed Ole
son swore out a warrant for Muldooney's arrest
on the charge of assault with a deadly weapon .
THEY LOOK FOR DELAY.
The Contestants of the Fair
Will Still Talking of
Forgery.
A MOVE IN COURT TO-DAY.
It Is Not Expected It Will Reach
the Jury for Some Little
Time.
The matter of the contest of the will of
James Q. Fair, dated September 24, will
come up before Judge Slack this morning.
The matter comes up under the contest
tiled by Judge Paterson on behalf of Her
man Oelrichs Jr. and the other minor chil
dren interested.
As Ctiarles L. Fair has since then filed a
contest, it is more than likely thai no defi
nite steps will be taken, but that the mat
ter will go over for a week or ten days, ac
cording to the slow processes of law.
Still, there is no telling what a day may
develop in the Fair will case. The unex
pected has happened so regularly in this
matter that the greatest surprise now in
reserve is that the expected should happen.
Knight & Heggerty say they are pre
pared to follow the course they have
marked out. They will go forward with
their contest.
"We have changed front with regard to
the will of the 24th, because we do not now
believe that it is the will of James G.
Fuir," they say, "and we believe that we
will be able to prove that it is not so con
clusively that even our opponents will be
convinced. We believe that it is a forgery
and that we will be able to show that it is
a forgery.
"We realized some time ago that we had
been played for suckers on this will and the
proofs have been coming along in a pro
cession ever since. Who is the forcer?
Well, that is a part of our case, and we do
not care to state at this time.
"It is not true," said Mr. Heggerty yes
terday, "that we submitted the pencil will
to the inspection of the intimates of Mr.
Fair for inspection and secured their writ
ten indorsement of it. We retained the
principal experts in town, that is true, hut
I believe that only one of them saw the
will. At least only one reported on it.
"No, I don't believe the case will get to
trial for some time yet. This tiling ol ask
inc for a trial, pushing a jury into the box
and truing right along taking evidence is
not to be expected in a matter of this
importance. Wnen it does come to trial,
however, I am of the opinion that conclu
sions will be reached quickly. It will not
be the long straggle before the jury that
seems to be expected."
FAVOR PENNY POSTAGE.
The Merchants' Association's Letter to
the California Delegation.
Among the advocates of the proposed
1-cent postal rate for letters the Merchants'
Association of this City has always been
prominent. Yesterday the association
mailed copies of the following letter to
Senators George C. Perkins and Stephen
M. White, and Representatives James G.
Maguire, Eugene F. Loud, Samuel G. Ilil
born, Grove L. Johnson, John A. Barham,
James McLachlan and William W.
Bowers:
San Francisco, April 0, 1806.
Dear Sir: At tin? last regular meeting of the
board of Directors of the Merchants' Associa
tion it as unanimously decided to urge upon
Congress the curly adoption of a bill for the re
vision of second-class mail mutter and the re
duction of letter postage to 1 cent. ■
This association, therefore, respectfully re
quests you to support the bill ior tno above
purpose now pending in Congress, and would
ask you to kindly favor us with a reply upon
tae subject. Very truly yours,
Merchants' Association.
A Coroner's Juror's Dissent.
Otto Anderson held out against the jury in
the case of James Johnson yesterday. It ap
pears that on April 1 last Johnson was assail
ing an old man on Third and Hunt streets,
when Hugh Smith went to the rescue of the
latter. He struck Johnson and the latter fell
backward and fractured his skull, dyinfir later
from his injuries. There were a number of
witnesses who' testified that Smith did not
strike Johnson, and a verdict of -occidental
death whs '■■ returned. Juror Anderson dis
sented, holding Smith responsible for John
son's death. The evidence showed lint Smith's
mother saw Johnson assault the old man and
called to her son to prevent him from killing
him, as she thought he was trying to do.
NEW TO- DAT.
zy 1 1 Ml
A new-comer !
The manufacturer of this
desk was proud of — we're
prouder of it than he ever
dared be.
It's so different from the
ordinary run.
Ends and front are cut in graceful curves af-
fording a rare chance to display the rich grain of
." the wood. :
Inside :
A profusion of conveniences in the way of
■ pigeon-holes and small drawers.
Decorated :
Lines of delicate inlay surround the piece. and
chase each other up and down the artistic curves
of the tapering legs.' • ■ ' 
SoliJ brass drawer-pulls, with genuine mother-
. o'-pearl settings.
You can't help but like the
design— we're bound you
shall be suited as to wood
and finish ; choice of
Antique oak
Fumigated oak
< .iiiden Birch
Birds-eye maple
Mahogany finish
Solid mahugaDy.
Carpets. Rugs .Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
_-i~-i^^-_-^~wu. -^ NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
NEW STYLES AND NOVELTIES
IN
SILKS
A3XTX>
.
DRESS GOODS
AT —
SPECIAL PRICES THIS WEEK!
This week we make a strong bid for the entire Dress Goods
trade of the town by an offering that includes some of THE VERY
LATEST AND MOST BEAUTIFUL STYLES AND NOVELTIES in
weaves, designs, colorings and fabrics, which are placed on sale for
this special occasion
, AT FIGURES THAT ARE BEYOND COMPETITION!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
.At 25 Cents.
215 pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY PLAIDS AND CHECKED DRESB
GOODS, regular price 40c, will be offered at 25c a yard.
.At 35 Cents.
140 pieces 86-INCH ENGLISH TWEED SUITING, all the latest colorings, extra Value
lor sue, will be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
At 48 Cents.
75 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY PLAIDS, bright colorings, will be offered
at 45c a yard.
.At SO Cents.
82 pieces 52-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL SCOTCH BICYCLING SUITING, regular
price $1, will be offered at 50c a yard.
.At SO Cents.
54 pieces 52-INCH PINHEAD CHECKS, in brown, tan and gray effects, worth 75c,
will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
At 73 Cents.
92 pieces 45-INCH MOHAIR WOOL CHEVIOTINE SUITING, in hairlines, novelty
checks and bourette effects, value $1 25, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cexxts.
42 pieces 38-INCH SILK AND WOOL PBENCH NOVELTY PLAIDS, new designs,
regular price 1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
.At 35 Cents.
92 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL STORM SERGE, good value for
50c, will be offered at 35c a yard.
A.* 78 Cents.
55 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, plain colorings, worth
$1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
At 65 Cexxts st ~VT«.x-01.
20 pieces BLACK BENGALINE SILK, heavy corded, perfect finish, good value for $1,
will be offered at Use a yard.
At 75 Cents ex "5T«,x-ci..
15 pieces 24-INCH BLACK TAFFETA SILK, extra hard finish, good value for $1,
will be offered at 75c a yard.
.At 76 Cents «, "S"«,xrc3L.
30 pieces BLACK FIGURED SATIN DUCHESSE, all pure silk, good value for $1, will
be offered at 75c a yard.
A.t 85 Cents «- "ST^x-cl.
15 pieces 23-INCH BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, rich, heavy quality, good value for
$1 25, will be offered at 85c a .yard. ;_'
At SI.OO a. TKTax-ci..
20 pieces BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, in all the latest designs, good value
for $1 25, will be offered at $1 a yard.
At S&X.OO A ~ZTe\*.-c\.
15 pieces 22-INCH BLACK PEAU DE SOIE SILK, perfect finish, good value for $1 25,
will be offered at $1 a yard.
At $1.25 jem, Yard.
20 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, large, handsome designs, good value for 11 75,
will be offered at $1 25 a yard.
.At 01.50 a, "STAxrd..
15 pieces BLACK BROCADED DUCHESSE SATIN, extra heavy quality, good value
for $2, will be offered at $1 50 a yard.
IEXTPI-A. SPECIAL!
At 55 Cents «- Yard.
150 pieces 22-INCH PEKIN SATIN, in all black, also in black with colored stripes,
extra good value for $1, will be offered at 55c a a yard. .
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 35 Cents.
25 pieces 51-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT, worth regular 65c, will be sold at 35c a yard.
.At SO Cents.
50 pieces FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACAS, in a variety of designs, worth regular 750,
will be sold at 50c a yard. o!J '
At SO Cents. . .
40 pieces 46-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, extra good value for 75c, will
* be sold at 50c a yard.
At SO Cents.
40 pieces 46- INCH ALL-WOOL IMPORTED FANCY WEAVES, regular value 75c,
will be sold at 50c a yard.
.At 75 Cexxts.
40 pieces 54-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH SERGE, worth regular $1, will be of-
fered at 75c a yard.
• ' At 75 Cents.
40 pieces 54-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL DIAGONAL CHEVIOT, regular value $1 25,
will be. sold at 75c a yard.
.At 75 Cexxts.
25 pieces 52-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH BROADCLOTH, worth regular
$1 25, will be sold at 75c a yard.
At SI.OO.
20 pieces MOHAIR CREPONS, extra good value forjl will be offered at $1 a yard.
.At $1.28.
25 pieces MOHAIR CREPONS, in the latest designs, extra good value for $1 75, will be
offered at $125 a yard. V^ :? , •-.
&V OUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE is now ready for distribution to our
COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
/M/jf^^ MURPHY BUILDOTGfc /
(/(/ Wet street corner of km, /
aiAis- FRAPcroisco.
910
CONVENTION OF
THE BOOKMEN
Central California Libra
rians to Visit Alameda
To-Day.
A GOOD LIBRARY CITY.
Oakland's Claim to the Name of
the Western Athens Is
Disputed.
FICTION LOSING IN FAVOR.
The Encinal People Reading Three
Times as Much Snlid Matter
as in 1893.
The convention of the Library Associa
tion of Central California will be held at
the new City Hall in Alameaa this even
Librarian. |. W. Harbourne.
[From a photograph..]
The 'ew City Hall i>uiUi.i3 at AlamcJa, in hich the Library <on vent ion Is t<
Be Held.
ing. Delegates from all the cities in the !
central portion of the State are to be pres- !
ent, and it is expected that the iarpe Conn- ;
cil hall of the new municipal building will
be thronged.
Four addresses are to be delivered by I
Alanieda men. The subject is, "Pulpit, j
Prei<s and Public Library as Means of In- j
fluencing Public Opinion and Elevating \
Humanity." The speakers are Rev. George i
K. D'-dson of the First Unitarian Society; ;
T. G. Daniells. editor of the Alameaa j
Argus; D. J. Sullivan, Superintendent of
Schools in Alameda, and Principal Ergo
Majors of the Alamtda High School.
The fund for a new library building is
being rapidly raised, and it is believed that
within a few months the work on the
structure will be commenced.
In 1877 the library was established with
about 500 volumes. Dr. William P. Gib
bons was the president of the first board
of trustees and George H. Mastick was the
secretary. The library was rirst located at
Park Opera-house. It was removed to
Tuckers Hall at the end of a year and re
mained there rntil the present quarters on
Park street were obtained.
Librarian Harbourne, in a historical
sketch, says:
The State Legislature on March 18. 1878,
having passed an act providing for the main
tenance of public libraries by a special tax
levy, the trustees, on August o\ 1878. in
structed Drs. Gibbons and McLean to appear
before the Hoard of Town Trustees and offer to
give its property to the City and ask for its
co-operation and the appointment of a com
mittee of conference. Town Trustees George
N. Williams, W. B. Clement and J. B. Vosburgn
were appointed such committee on conference,
but not until the last day of the year was the
proposition reported on and unanimously
adopted. The Free Library thus passed under
municipal control, to be maintained by public
tax as provided i n the net of 1878.
The first meeting of tho Trustees of the Ala
meda Free Library and Reading-room was held
on January 9, 1879, with J. C. Tucker, George
N. Williams, Daniel T. Sullivan, George H.
Mastick and Mrs. John Green acting for the
town of AlamtMia, and Thomas A. W. P.
Gibbons and W. U. Clement aud Mesdames Mar
garet \\. Andrews arid Helen M. Brown as Hon
orary Trustees, representing the old associa
tion.
Dr. Gibbons was chosen president, Thomas
A. Smith vice-president and George H. Mastick
secretary, and on the 28th day of February,
1879. the library was opened for the circula
tion of books, with George H. Stripp as its
librarian.
1 11 18SO the Legislature passed a library act
taking tin' place of the act of 1878, and mak
ing the office of Library Trustee elective.
From 1880 to 1884 the Library Trustees were
elected, and the last board ejected comprised
M. P. Wiggin, George H. Mastick. W. P. Gib
bons, 3. T. McLean and Thomas A. Smith.
In 1884 the town of Aiameda passed into a
city of the fifth class, and under the corporate
law the Library Trustees were appointive. Tfte
tirst board, appointed December 29, 1894, was
composed of Dr. William P. Gibbons, George H.
Mti-tuk, M. P. Wiggin, L>r. J. T. McLean and
G. L. Birkmaier.
There are upward of 20,000 volumes in
the library. Of these books 5960 are works
of fiction. 3060 are uooks of reference and
IS7O are of tlie juvenile class.
The circulation of the booK" in the
library last year was 108,270. Mr. Har
bourne says: "In 18!)3 the percentage of
fiction reached as higli as 70.8 per cent,
juvenile works 20-9, as against 10.3 per
cent of all other classes, representing the
solid reading matter. For 1894-95 the de
mand for fiction had fallen to 49.4, and
that for solid reading advanced to 31.9."
The following figures are given as show
ing the circulation of books in several
well-known California libraries last year:
I,os Angeles 267,054
San Francisco Mechanics' Inscitute 15".',709
San Francisco Public Library 139,630
Snn Francisco Mercantile 18.392
Oakland 1 18,000
Alanieiia 108,270
Upon this representation it is claimed
that Alameda, not Oakland, is the Athens
of the West.
THE VETfcBAN FIREMEN.
They Will Be at the M.-ita at Hcalds-
burg.
"We are the old boys and only a social
organization and we are in for all tbe fun
we can have," said Zeke Yreeland, a prom
The li ii<id of Public Library Trustees at AlameJa.
[Drawn from photographs.]
inent member of the Veteran Firemen's
Association, yesterday. "By a unanimous
vote a few evenings ago we decided to ac
cept the invitation to the fiesta at Healds
: burg. We will go there with the old
j machine and remain there three, if not
i four days.
'•But that's not all," he added, "we are
i poing to take part in the festivities at
i Watsonvilleon the Fourth of July, and
| there is a possibility that we may take in
; Monterey. We have received a number of
j invitations from different parts of the
country where there is to be merry-mak
ing, but we cannot accept them all,' but we
will have a joJly time at Healdsburg."
♦ — ♦ — ♦ — . — —
Ask Mr. Hinchcliffe of The Call what Magic
Loiion will do for a felon. *
THE SAN FRA> T CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
MAY REPLIES TO EDOFF
Resents His Attack Upon Pro
hibition and Its
Party.
LIQUOR TRAFFIC DENOUNCED.
Keen Words by a Champion of Tem
perance on the Proposed Measures
of the C. P. A.
Tbo following communication is self
explanatory:
To the. Editor of the Sara Francisco Call— Deak
Sib: In behalf of your many anti - saloon
readers, I thank you for the liberal space given
me, in reply to Mr. Edoff's recent exhibit of his
California Protective Association.
The Call is true to label: it "speaks for all."
Not only for the vaunting whisky Goliah, with
his hundred millions, but also for the "narrow,
contracted, intolerant, bigoted, selfish and
opinionated" David, with only his despised
little sling.
Mr. Edoff's attempted reply in last Sunday's
Call is manifestly no reply at all. He dodges
tlie mam question entirely and refuses to dis
cuss it in any way. Readmits that itwould be
"absurd" to attempt to defend, the whisky
traffic, when everybody admits that it is wholly
indefensible. There can be nothing said to jus
tify the wholesale destruction which it emails
upon the public, and so, Mr. E., to make a show
of answering, sneers at prohibition and the
Prohibition party. He is afraid to stand up
like a inau and face the terrible indictment
placed against the liquor traflic, which he re
presents.
But why does Mr. E. attack prohibition and
the Prohibition party? There was not the
slightest allusion to either in my letter. The
reason is simply this: The one thing on earth,
in hell, or in heaven, that Mr. E. & Co. do ac
tually fenr is precisely what he affects such a
haughty contempt for, namely, prohibition.
The trurlic always lights it and does its very
worst, in every possible way, to prevent it and
to evade or overthrow it wherever it has be
come the law 01 the laud. For example, right
here in Berkeley there has been a wholesome
State law in force for many years forbidding
the existence of saloons within a mile of the
university grounds.
It is the acknowledged law of the land, and
yet Mr. E.s people have persistently and defi
antly trampled upon it all the time. Who has
furnished these anarchistic criminals with
their liquors all these years? Mr. E. and his
associates have done so, and thus been parti
eeps criminis in lawlessness and rebellion
against the State. The whole truth is, the
liquor traffic is thoroughly selfish, lawless and
despotic. It assumes to dictate to political
parties, to Governors, Legislatures, courts, Su-
pervisors, and even to the federal Government
itself. It thinks itself bigger and stronger
than the State or the United States, and pro
poses to take the government of this country
Into its own hands.
I suppose Mr. K. will turn his nose skyward
when he reads that, and answer it with an
other handful of mid at something or some
body; but the statement is true just the same,
and he and all the rest of the horde of bosses
know it is true.
Why are Mr. E. & Co. so anxious to hnre the
license raised, and so increase their taxes two
or three million dollars? Is that a business
proposition on their part? What otlier busi
ness wants its taxes increased? Not one on
earth. Does the C. P. A. propose this "increase
of revenue" as a donation to the public?
Not one of your readers is foolish enough to
believe it.
The C. P. A. offers this bribe to the public for
good reason.
For the same reason that Collis P. is said to
be so benevolent at times -when the interests
of his octopus are endangered.
And the same reason that the infamous
Louisinna lottery offered millions of money
right and left to any Government that would
tolerate its rascally existence.
That reason is the traffic's own conscious
ness of guilt— that it has forfeited all right to
exist, and that the American people is awak
ening to the terrible character of this most
deadly enemy that is surely enslaving and
destroying the commonwealth.
Why are Mr. E. <fc Co. so anxious to have the
public think that the traffic is to be "elevated"?
Because they know full well that as it exists
to-day it is perfectly hellish and unendurable.
Why does he want to sound a retreat from
politics? Because as all politicians know,
and the public Is beginning to know, the
liquor traffic is the most notorious and in
famous corrapter of politics ever known.
In Mr. E.s reply he says: "The subject-mat
ter of his communication Is the old threadbare
sermon which has been preached and sung by
the Prohibitionists for a century." Yes, call it
two centuries, as seen by the following from
Sir Matthew Hale, Chief Justice of England in
1070:
"The places ©f Judicature I have long held
In this Kingdom have given me an opportu
nity to observe the original cause of most of
the enormities that have been committed for
the space of nearly twenty years; and, by due
observation I have found that if the murders
and manslaughters, the burglaries and rob
beries, the riots and tumults, the adulteries,
fornications, rapes and other enormities that
have happened in that time were divided into
five parts, four of them have been the issues
and product of excessive drinking."
Such being the case we can hardly suppose
that the Chief Justice of England was in favor
of Mr. E.s traffic, but was heartily opposed to
it and would prohibit it if he could. His ex
perience and observation are the same as those
of other Judges all along down to our time, as I
showed in my quotation from our Supreme
Court in the former letter.
Archbishop Ireland is a prominent and
highly honored instructor of morals and relig
ion. He also has had a wide observation of
the liquor traffic and has the '-moral courage"
and "mentality" to freely express his opinions
regarding it.
I numbly hope they will prove interesting
and instructive to the C. P. A. He says:
"There is a class of men rebellious to all law.
glorying in their rebellion, defying the people
to curb their power— the saloon-keepers. And
this shameless rebellion against law is in or
der to flood the land more freely with alcohol
to make drunkards, ruin families, fill jails and
poorhouses. The organ of the liquor-dealers
pointedly asked the other day why temper
ance speakers attacked .men who are doing
business just as others in the grocery or the
clothing business. The reasons are very plain.
No other business entails woe and sin as the
liquor trade and no other business is lawless
in its methods and defiant before the country
Mrs. Esther A. Lovcjoy, Grand thief of llonor of the Degree of Honor of California
as the liquor traffic. And to secure immunity
in their lawlessness and prevent the enactment
of new laws and a wish on the part of the
country to enforce any, the saloon-keepers and
their leaders are at work to control the politics
of the Republic. The charge needs no proof;
but the people need to be awakened to the
meaning of the fact."
Archbishop Ireland well voices the senti
ments of hII our educators, both in our schools
and churches and homes. The saloons are the
dread and the destroyer of them all, us well as
of everything cisc that is of value in life. Mr.
E. <fc Co. offer to increase their bribe of "li
cense revenue" two or three million dollars
for the privilege of fastening more securely
these parasites on the people. Yours respect
fully, O. G. May.
Berkeley, April 4, 1896.
SARAH B. COOPER CHURCH
Congregationalists Recognize the
New Religious Organi
zation.
The Bay Conference Will Welcome
a New Member to the
Fold.
The Sarah B. Cooper Church has been
received into full fellowship by San Fran
i cisco Congregationalism.
The public is familiar with the story of
I the remarkable growth of the Christian
| work begun at Sunset Heights, Ninth
i avenue and H street, three months ago by
; Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Tuttle. The Sunday
; school and Christian Endeavor Society
! have become strong factors and yesterday
afternoon tiie li nal step was taken in the
, organization of the church. A remark
i able fact in connection with that organi
i zation i* that twenty-seven of the twenty
| eicht members united on confession of
i iai th.
The attractive hall at Ninth avenue and
H street, which has been the scene of the
initial efforts of what promises to bean
unusually strong ami united movement,
was crowded yesterday with members of
the council and friends of the new church.
Plymouth Church was represented by
Dr. W. D. Williams and Judge K. D. Saw
yer, Olivet by Dr. J. A. Cruzan ana Miss
Mackie, Richmond by Rev. Philip Coombe,
Park by Rev. J. B. Orr and Miss Deering,
Bethlehem by Rev. W. H. Tubfa, First by
Dr. C. O. Brown and I. H. Morse, Third
by Rev. William R. Rader and C. H.
Hamm, Fourth by Rev. F. W. FJawith
and W. S. Dibble, Eighth by Rev. Mr.
Galloway, Swedish by Rev. Mr. Anderson.
Rev. Loyal L. Win of the Sunday-school
Publication Company and Sidney Yarrow.
the student of the Pacific Theological
Seminary who lias been acting pastor ot
the church; Mr. and Mrs. Tuttie, Mrs. and
Miss Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. George T.
Gaden, Mrs. E. D. Sawyer, Mrs. W. D.
Williams, Meyer Strauss and others were
presen', besides the Jocal friends and
members, prominent among whom were
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Ewald and their
daughters. Dr. Williams was elected
moderator and Rev. Pliilin Coon'be clerk.
The letters-missive wore read by Dr.
Williams und Loyal L. Wilt reviewed the
brief history of the movement. Mrs.
Cooper, Mr. Gaden, Mr. Wirt and others
gave addresses commendatory of the
movement, the lady in whose honor the
church is named laying stress upon her
belief that all organisations whose vital
principle is the divine spirit would live
and nourish.
The council withdrew for an executive
session, when it adopted a resolution
stating that the proceedings thus lar were
satisfactory. A committee, consisting of
Rev. William Rader, Judge E. L>. Sawyer
and Rev. Loyal L. Wirt, was appointed io
examine ihe candidates and pass upon
their ntness for church membership.
The committee announced that all the
candidates were prepared for their duties
as members. Mrs. barah B. Cooper gave
an eloquent address on the spiritual sig
nificance of such a step, the council re
poited recognition of the church, Rev.
W. H. Tubb gave a scriptural reading
Which he followed with prayer, Rev. Wil
liam R. Rader read the articles of faith,
Dr. \V. D. Williams administered the
covenant, Dr. C. O. Brown gave an ad
dress to the church, Rev. J. B. Orr ex
tended the hand of fellowship and Rev.
Philip Coombe led in the consecration
prayer.
The election of a delegate to the Bay
Conference was postponed till Sunday.
GRAND DEGREE OF HONOR
Annual Session of the Order in
B'nai B'rith Hall Yes
terday.
INTERESTING REPORTS GIVEN.
The Visiting Delegates Are Tendered a
Reception in Laurel Hall in
the Evening.
The Grand Lodge of the Degree of Honor
of California began its fourth annual ses
sion at 10 o'clock yesterday morning in
the Masonic Hall of B'nai B'rith building.
Delegates from all over the State were
present in force and the day was busily
spent.
This is a social organization largely,
though members have the privilege of
insuring to the extent of $1000. There are
at present only forty-seven beneficiary
members in the State, but a stronger in
terest in the beneficiary degree is being
aroused, and the members expect tnat ere
long a majority of those belonging to the
order will take out insurance pol:cies.
The day was taken up with the reports
of officers and members. The officers' and
committees' reports were all written, but
the majority of the others were delivered
verbally. As in the Workmen lodge, there
has been a slight decrease in membership
during the past year, but the ladies are
confident that the causes which led to this
have been removed, and are sanguine of
great advancement for the future.
The grand chief of honor, Mrs. Esther
A. Loyejoy, prefaced her report with the
following remarks:
In the revolving years the day has again ar
rived for tne annual communion of our Grand
Lodge, and I am pleased to greet you at its
fourth occurrence to measure the progress of
the past year and to deliberate upon the pres
ent condition and needs of our jurisdiction. In
performing this duty 1 but continue the les
sons of the past and follow the example of the
teacher whom I have succeeded. While our
membership has somewhat decreased during
the year about to close. I feel conlident that, if
more of the brethren of the parent order will
interest themselves to this branch of the order,
the coming year will see a marked increase.
Brethren, do not forget that in helping us
you help yourselves.
In regard to the beneficiary department of
the order I will state that we are doing very
well, and we must devise some way to encour
age this very important feature. I trust that
this Grand Lodge Will carefully consider this
very important proposition. It is the founda
tion ot the A. O. U. \\\, and why should it not
be of ours ?
The body of the report shows that the
resignations have b°en two; tbat three
lodges have been organized; that six have
surrendered charters; that the grand mas
ter workman had been appointed adviser,
and that committees on laws, finance and
circulars had been appointed as well as
twenty-three district deuuties.
The report of Mrs. F. S. Toland, tne
grand recorder, shows that the members
enrolled January 1, 1895, were 1010, but
that on January 1, 1896, the books showed
just 827 members, a decrease of 183 for the
year. The report further made known
that the number initiated had been 209,
admitted by card 7, suspended 190, rein,
stated 28, expelled 0, withdrawn 45, and
that the number of deaths had been 8.
The grand receiver's report was devoted
solely to financial mutters. The yearly
receipts were $2262 10 anu the disburse
ments $1068 57, leaving a balance of
$1193 53 on hand January 1, 1896. The re
port of the finance committee tallied with
that of the grand receiver.
The initiatory work was exemplified for
the benefit of the delegates by Silver Spray
Lodge No. 3 of this City in a very credit
able manner, and was warmly appreciated
by the visitors.
In the evening the visitor? were enter
tained at Laurel Hall by ihe City lodges,
and a very pleasant evening was spent.
There were speeches, music and other light
forms of entertainment in plenty, and the
guests departed well pleased at the effort
made to make their visit agreeable and in
structive.
To-morrow morning will occur the an
nual election of officers and of delegates to
the Superior Lodge, which meets at Buf
falo in June.
In the afternoon the newly elected offi
cers will be installed, and all unfinished
business will be cleaned up preparatory to
adjournment till next year.
A HURRAH WITH BUCKLEY.
His Followers Caucus in Large
Numbers and Drink Real
Punch. •
The Mistake of Jcseph P. Kelly.
Raitey Lands Another Con
vert in the Mint.
The Buckleyites had a fine hurrah at
the Occidental Club last evening.
Christopher A. Buckley, several of
"Buck's business men," many of the
lambs and a number of the captains of the
•'push" were there. There were about
150 of them, and they mot in the parlor,
too.
Dr. James I. Stanton came in late, and
so received his usual cheering, for the
Buckleyites love the doctor. Sam New
man and Coadjutor James H. O'Brien sat
next to the King. Joseph Rothschild was
on hand, and so were ex-Senator Dono-
Tan, "Trilby" M. M. Foote, Secretary D.
M. Gavigan ana other shining leaders.
It was a conference of the leading Buck
leyites of all the districts preparatory to
the vigorous ante-State convention cam
paign about to be opened. It was agreed
that a meeting of the general committee
should be held next week at Odd Fellows'
Hall, at which various small chances in
the arrangements for the primary election
should be made. It was also decided to
begin that series of district mass-meetings
within a few days.
Speeches full of wisdom, "true ring"
Jeffersonian Democracy and trust that a
beneficent providence has chosen the
Biu'kleyites for its own were made by
Messrs. Newman. Stanton, Donovan et.
al. M. M. Foote again stormed the very
gates of hell with his fiery eloquence, and
all around, the gladdening speeches
showed that if anybody thinks the Buck
ley faction has left the political ring his
impressions are about to be corrected.
The star speech of the evening was
made by James H. O'Brien, who an
nounced'that a feed was secreted behind
a set of folding doors. The d^ors were
rolled back by Percy Dana and Sam Sam
ple was revealed smiling on the other side
of the cold ham, the dainty sandwiches,
the cabbage salad, the red radishes and
the pickles. The advance guard formed
around a corner of big bowls of red and
yellow punch, jeweled with lemon slices,
and one of the most delightful social
affairs of the season was at once in full
blast.
Joseph P. Kelly was there making his
cnmpaigti for the Democratic nomination
for Congress in the Fifth District. There
is confidence in Kelly's speech and glad
ness in his hand nowadays. All tliat Kelly
wents is that Loud be nominated by the
Republicans and that he be eriven a chance
to beat him. Kelly is with the Buckley
side, which shows his opinion of what
delegation will nominate Congressmen at
Sacramento June 16. Tnere was soniu
talk that his old Democratic rival, James
Denman. would a<;ain look for that Con
gressional nomination, but it is said now
that Denman expects the Junta to make
him Mayor.
Kelly didn't know last ni»ht that he had
made any mistakes until Jim O'Brien gave
him the quiet warning between drinks,
"Say, Joe, the boys are sizing up ttiose
tips," referring to the rich velvet cuffs and
collar that adorned bis overcoat. Keliy
will tone himself down to-day.
The McNao-Sullivan people couldn't be
lieve yesterday that John H. Wise had
gone into a deal with the Dairgett-Rainey
people, and they shouted more loudly
man ever that Rainey's goose is cooked in
the Junta organization.
The Rainey-Daggett people grow strone
er day by day. Yesterday Samuel Hayes,
an influential member of tne general com
mittee from the Twenty-eighth District,
was given a job in the mint. Hayes means
a few more votes against the "inside"; the
Raineyites are sure of winning the organi
zation.
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE DINNER.
A Pleasant Aft'nir at the Occidental,
Where Tom Flint Was Toastmaater.
The annual reunion and dinner of the
Dartmouth College Alumni Association of
the Pacific Coast took place last night at
the Occidental Hotel.
There were twenty -four persons in all
present. Thomas Flint, acting Lieuten
ant-Governor, occupied the sent at the
head of the table and officiated a<* toast- |
master. Among those present were: Fisher
Ames, Ira G. Hoitt. T. A. Perkins, C. S. i
\V right and Sidney Worth.
There were many speeches, in which j
not only early college days, but the rigor
ous experiences of afterlife were discussed.
A number of old-time college songs were
also rang. The dinner was in every way
most enjoyable.
NEW TO-DAT.
What Is Life?
What Is Our Vitality?
If You Are Weak or Sick This Is a Question Worth
Close Study— A Decided Opinion on the Sub-
ject Was the Reason for Inventing .
This Famous Appliance.
When you put this hlec- ~^-ii!^i~^^~ Because you have at some
trie Belt on your body you *^-JF '" fk"^~"* time used a cheap article
immediately feel the cur- ->c iP:^%~2S: called an electric belt that
rent from it. No belt has $r^c ~£%?si. gave no elect «"icity is no ar-
electricity unless you can j|f#£r Jgk^gs. gument against Dr. San-
feel it as soon as you put 9E? tk^/^J? $~ den ' Electric* Belt, which
It on. ' K §4^li!?&0 :^: is warranted to give a
===== *Ws\j\sf" strongcurrent '
Dr. Sanden's Theory ™ e te f
ing that "Electricity, Is Life" is no less true to-day than when
first used ; in fact, all physicians and men of science contend
that we could not exist without a certain amount of electric force
in our bodies.
The theory is that we would be so lacking in the vital ele-
ment that there would not be energy sufficient in the nerves to
sustain life and supply the demands of nature.
v. It is well understood by every man that each mental, physi-
cal or vital action uses up a certain amount of this vital force-
electricity. It therefore frequently occurs that by excesses or
dissipation in work, study or pleasure, the vitality is exhausted
This vitality is Electricity, which Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
will replace. This appliance slowly fills the body with electric
energy every night while you sleep, and in a few weeks it builds
up the vital force to the most vigorous standard.
"Three Glasses of Men" Free.
Get the book which tells all about this famous appliance.
It is free for the asking. You are welcome. Call and test the
power or. the belt, and when you have done that if you will ask
the honest advice of your physician as to whether it is not
worthy of a trial, if he is an honest man, he will advise you to
try it. Call or address J
&-A-3>o":ij:Enxr electric co
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
•'—OFFICES AT—-
LOS ANGELES, CAL. I ' PORTrAVn no
204 South Broadway. | SSS^ffilnSS
PREPARING THE PRIMARY
Meeting of the Republican County
Committee Last
Evening
TO NAME ELECTION OFFICERS.
The Lists Will Be Handed in To-
Night by the Ccmmitteemen
Themselves.
The Republican County Committee held
a harmonious meeting in Scottish Hall last
night, the purpose being to prepare for the
I primaries.
Chairman Charles Manwaring requested
i the members from the Fourth District 10
; hanci in the names of their appointees as
! election officers to the chaiiman of that
! district, the members from the Fifth to
I hand in the same to the chairman of the
j Fifth. He announced that the time for
I holding the primaries had been fixed at 1
| p. M. to 7 p. m.
.1 sse Marks desired to be informed
! whether the rights of the committeernen
1 in selecting t lie election officers would be
j respected by the committee.
Mr. Watt and Mr. Thompson wanted the
County comniitteemen from the Fourth.
and Fifth districts to meet in separate
district committees to receive the names
| of the appointees for officers for the pri
; mary election.
Chairman Manwaring explained that
' the names which each rommitteeman was
I to hand to tne chairman of his district
would be accepted.
This gave general satisfaction, and the
meeting resolved isself into two conven
tions. Tiiat from the Fourth Congres-
■ sional District, decided' to meet this even
: ing at 8 o'clock at 850 Market street for
' the purpose of receiving the names of
election officers.
In the meeting of the Fifth Congres
sional District, Committeeman Berliner
asked whether every County committee
man would not be allowed to name his
officers and John M. Chretien in the chair
explained that it was simply a matter of
general courtesy to have a talk about the
names in the committee of the whole. For
instance, if some committeeman, in a
moment of thoughtlessness, recommended
a Democrat the mistake could be discov
ered and rectified by the member submit
ting some other name inotead.
It was agreed that each member should
hand in his list to-night at 8 o'clock to
Chairman Chretien or Secretary Walsh at
850 Market street, togetiier with the pre
cinct boundaries and all other pertinent
information.
Comniitteemen Houston, Bacigalupi and
Browning were appointed a committee oa
printingr.
On motion of Houston, seconded by Pen
dergast and Berliner, the committeemen
were authorized to fill any vacancies on
the tickets that might occur prior to the
election.
The meeting then adjourned.MR. PILLSBURY
HAS FINISHED
Only Three More Speakers
to Follow With Some
Arguments.
HAYNE THIS MORNING.
Conclusiveness of the Rates Not
a Bar to an Inquiry Into
Reasonableness.
PART OF THE LAW IS VOID.
It Is the Province of the Courts to
Stand Between the Railroads and
the Commission.
The endless chain cf argument in the
id Commission case was resumed
before Judge McKenna in the United
states Circuit Court yesterday morning.
A GROUP OF URCHINS FROM THE NORTH BEACH DISTRICT.
{From photographs at tlie Youth's Directory.]
Mr. Pillsbury, refreshed by a night of
sweet repose, proceeded on his way of
words and addressed himself sometimes
to the court and more often to Mr.
Hayne, who acted as the picador of the
legal bull-right, jabbing into the baited
animal questions rather in the nature ot
satirical comments upon the railroad side
of the controversy,2than inquiries for in
formation.
Mr. I'illsbury died gamely in the ring
at 3:15 p. m. and the spectators were dis
missed. This morning Mr. Hayne, with
fire in his eye and snorting defiance at the
locomotive, will paw up tho arena and
lower his head for the battle shock.
Mr. I'ilisbury handled millions again
yesterday afternoon. He argued that
taking the Attorney-General's method of
presenting the question the excess of gross
earnings of the road over operating ex
penses. Including additions, improvements
and betterments, was $9,274,509 33 in 1895,
and (10,558,873 77 in 1894, a decrease of
$1,311,:^; 54.
Leaving those millions to rest and draw
interest for a while the speaker turned to
the consideration of the constitutionality
of the California law. He cited the Minne
sota statute, which had been held invalid
and void because it provided tor rates
which should be conclusive. The Cali
fornia law expressly provides for conclu
sive rates everywhere. If, under the
Minnesota statute, the Board of Railway
Commissioners could establish only con
rlußivr rates the same would oe the case
under the California statute.
pose tnat the Board of Railroad
Commissioners of this State had added a
proviso when establishing the 2-3 percent
redaction to the effect that the question of
the reasonableness of this 25 per cent
reduction might be inquired into by any
court of competent jurisdiction, such a
i would be of no force or effect
because it wouid not be within the scope
ol their power, their constitutional
rity being to fix conclusive rates and
none other. Even if the rates were fair
and reasonable their conclusive character
would not be changed by that presump
tion.
The Minnesota statute was declared in
valid ■ • cu.^u it made do provision for
ascertaining the reason auk-ness of the
mte- declaring that they were con
clusive. In the California constitution
there is do provision for determining the
tairness of the rates fixed by the Railroad
Commissioners.
"If the conclusive provision in the con
stitution ia valid what business have we
h^re in court Inquiring into the reason
ableness of the rpductio'i?" asked Mr.
lMl*bury. "The only thing to do is to
fliminaic it."
The case of Pollock against the Farmers'
Loan ami Trust Company was cite! to
show that Chief Justice Brewer bad re
ferred to the debates in the constitutional
convention, and aiso to the arguments ad
dreEßed to the legislatures of the several
States, in order that he mifrht determine
precisely what was meant by direct taxa
tion.
Judtre McKenna remarked that the Cali
fornia constitutional convention commit
tee reported the amendment without the
conclusive character, that having been
added by an amendment after the com
mittee bad reported. The court added
that Mr. Herrin had contended in hh
argument that no commission would have
been appointed by the constitutional con
vention unless the rates to be fixed by the
commission would be deemed conclusive.
'•The constitution itself shows sufficiently
without the aid of the debates that the
rate 3 were intended to be conclusive."
Mr. Pillebury concluded his argument
with the hope that the court would grant
an injunction against the Railroad Com
missioners until the question of the rea
•sonablenes should have been determined
by the courts.
Mr. Hayne will begin his argument on
benali of the people tins morning.
TO PRISON TOR LIFE.
Nicholas Claussen Found Guilty and
His Punishment Limited by
the Jury.
Nicholas Claussen has escaped with his
life, but he must spend the remainder of it
behind prison bars. The jury returned a
verdict yesterday morning, after being out
from half-past 3 o'clock 0:1 Wednesday.
Claussen had murdered his wife — a cold
blooded murder, done in the presence of his
little .sun, ami done, as he himself after
ward said, for fun. The evidence at the
trial showed that Ciaussen and his wife
had had a quarrel and that right after
ward Claussen left the lionise and went to
a pawnshop on Fourth street, where he
asked for a pistol. One was shown to him,
and, after beating down the price to $2 50,
he took the pistol and asked the clerk to
show him how to load it. The clerk did
so, ana gave him some cartridges, and,
taking the pistol. Clanssen returned home,
lie found his wife lying on the bed and,
without speaking, he shot her three times.
The first ballot taken showed four jurors
in favor of hanging, live for life imprison
ment, two for murder in the second degree
and one for manslaughter. The jurymen
were: Henry Schussler, Charles A. Slack,
John Walls, Frank Frisbie, C. F. Behr
nian, Joseph I. Twohig, C. M. Foster,
Horace B. Angell, A. T. Dunbar, H. Taber,
Herman VVesterfeld, F. H. Kessler. There
were live Germans among ttu*m.
FIFFY THOUSAND SURPLUS
Masons Differ as to How the
Money Should Be Ex
pended.
The Cemetery Managers Have the
Funis and the Relief Board
Wants Possession.
The Masonic Cemetery Association has
550,000 surplus on hand, and the different
lodges of the order in San Francisco have
asked to have it dispensed through the
regular channel for charitable purposes.
This the cemetery managers refuses to
i do and the order has appointed a com
mittee to confer with them and decide on
; some course satisfactory to all. The board
< of relief is hard pressed for ready cash and
' consequently is making a hard iiuht for the
possession of the monty in question, as the
draw upon the charitable fund is large and
, pressing.
The Oriental Lodge was the iir3t to mate
: a move in the premises. It is claimed that
I under a law passed by the State Legisla
j ture some years ago the Cemetery As-ocia
( tion, since the Masonic order controls its
own cemetery, is obliged to turn over any
turplus money derived from the Bale and
j care of burial lots, after the actual expenses
I of the cemetery have been paid, for toe
| purposes of relief.
Chairman Davis of the board of trustees
• of the Cemetery Association says that the
: surplus now 0:1 hand will be needed in
: making proposed extensions to the cerne
\ tery, and should the money be expended
; in other directions it would be impossible
I to begin the work at all.
Chairman Countryman and others of the
special committee appointed by the differ
'-. C!it lodges feel that the matter will be
. amicably adjusted without appeals to the
courts.
Y. M. U. A. Debatiug Society.
The advocates of tho "single tax" will have
to look well to their laurels to-morrow night.
The Literary and Debating Society of the
Y. M. C. A. is to discuss the subject, "Is prop
erty in land any more justifiable than prop
erty in human beings?" The meeting ia open
to the public and promises to be highly inter
esting and instructive. It is reported that
both fides of the question will be ably rep re
sented.
Stole a Money Order.
Gustave R. E. Braunschweiger was convicted
in the United Slates District Court yesterday
j of extracting a money order from a letter and
cashing it. The order was for sso and came in
a letter addressed to Edward Braunschweiger,
a nephew of the iirisoner, and for whom he
formerly worked. Sentence was reserved untilt
Monday. t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
A CHARITY AT HOME
Noble Work Being Done at the
Youths' Directory in the
Mission.
TALENT FOUND IN THE GUTTER
Monsignor Nugent's Seeds Are Show
ing an Abundant Harvest All Over
the World.
The visit to this City of Monsignor
Nugent, the genial, kindly old man who
has devoted a lifetime to alleviating the
hard conditions surrounding the waifs of
great cities all over the wide world and to
a successful study of the most diflicult
child problem, or, in other words, the
fashioning of useful men from material in
the gutter, revives interest in the good
work in this same line which is being
carried on by the Rev. Father Crowley at
the Youths' Directory on Howard street.
This charitable institution is but the
first of the seeds sown long ago by Mon
signor Nugent in Liverpool.
This eminent churchman will deliver on
next Sunday evening, at Metropolitan
Temple, a lecture entitled "'Monsignor
Nugent's Story: The Waifs and Strays, or
Pictures of Street Life in England." Ex
ceedingly few men possess as much prac-
BEFORE HIS RESCUE ANt> AFTER
\From photograph at the Youth's Directory.]
tical experience with destitute and home
less children as he, and for this reason and
the vast amount of real good he has been
instrumental in doing his remarks will be
interesting and instructive.
The Youths' Directory, under the di
rectorship of Father Crowley, is conducted
according to the lines first laid down by
Monsienor Nugent. Since March 1, 1895,
the institution has offered shelter to 461
children, many of whom were sent by
parents and relatives, a large number by
members of St. Joseph's Union and several
)y the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
o Children. The following table shows
the number entered upon the books and
how the children have been disposed of:
March 1. 1595, in Directory 58
Beceived March l-June 1, 1895 83
Received June I— September 1,1895 94
Received September I— Deccember 1, 1895 99
Received December 1. 1»95-March 1, 1896.... 1 27
Total 461
They were disposed of as follows:
To St. Vincent's A3.vlnin 132
To JSt. Joseph's Asylum 66
To guardians 158
To places in families 36
To Girls' Directory 16
To hospital 1
Left, without permission 5
Total. 414
A glance at the first division of the list
will show that tne work has widened
month by month. The accommodations
of the house will not allow of lodging more
than seventy-live at once.
Ten years ago the present site was pur
chased and the present structure wasbuiit.
Since that time the institution has under
gone many vicissitudrs, but by generous
donations ha 3 always succeeded in sur
mounting its difficulties. Neither the
State nor the County has ever granted the
slightest appropriation, and the institution
is maintained solely by voluntary offer
ings.
Father Crowley, speaking of the work
done, said yesterday: "We take children
of all nationalities and creeds. The little
street arabs can always find a hospitable
home open here to receive them, where
their temporary wants will be supplied
and assistance in procuring permanent
homes or employment rendered them.
"We believe here that prevention and
protection from evil ways are far more
valuable than remedy after the child has
grown to be a man habituated to wrong
doing. This is the cheapest method and
the best.
• : We also beliove that our duty of charity
lies at home as well as abroad, and here in
this City, where 16,000 children are run
ning about the streets, shooting craps and
smoking cigarettes, we rind a wide field
for usefulness.
"We have some trouble with the little
fellows at first. We have to watch them
to prevent their running away, but after a
few days they acquire a liking for the
place and soon begin to consider it their
Dome. We send them to the public
schools, and their teachers give always
good reports of them, saying they are, as
a rule, bright, intelligent boys and easily
governed. Here our government is al
most perfect. We exercise mildness and
firmness, and only in the most obstinate
cases do we resort to corporal punishment.
"Dunne my connection with the institu
tion we have turned out 4200 boys, and out
of this number only four have proved in
corrigible. Monsignor Nugent himself
says he has found much talent in the
gutter, and many of my boys hold re
sponsible positions to-day. Much more
can be done with abandoned boys than
people think; they simply need to be
handled rightly."
The interior of the building shows that
the wants of the boys are very comfortably
provided for indeed. There are reading
rooms, billiard-rooms and libraries. The
dining-room and the dormitories are cozy
and n-.-at. The rooms are all well lighted
and aired. A good-sized chapel is on the
second floor.
A lecture is given three times a week,
generally illustrated witn stereopticon
views. "Behind the building there is a
large, sunny playground.
RAILROAD OFFICERS.
The Results of tlie Klection Sot Ex
actly as Was Generally
Expected.
At the meeting of the newly elected di
rectors of the Southern Pacific Company
yesterday the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: President,
C. P. Huntington; first vice-president, C.
F. Crocker; second vice-president, T. H.
Hubbard; third vice-president, J. C.
Stubbs; treasurer, N. T. Smith; secre
tary and assistant controller, E. C. Wright;
controller, William Mahl; assistant secre
taries, C. F. Krets and J. K. Gates.
Considerable surprise was created among
many of the railroad people by the election
of Mr. Hubbard to be second vicje-president,
as it was the cener.il idt-a that Mr. Stubbs
would be advanced to that office. The
fact that Mr. Hubbard has accepted
the position of second vice-president in
stead of remainine simply a director as
heretofore is believed to presage a more
active interest in the affairs of the corpor
ation, and the advocacy of a policy that
will tend less to antagonize the public than
that hitherto pursued.
The disposition of the offices held by the
late G. L. Lansing— those of controller and
secretary— was also unexpected. It was
believed that Mr. Klink, one of the princi
pal clerks under Mr. Lansing, wouid fall in
for promotion. E. C. Wright, the new
secretary, was formerly general auditor,
and "William Mahl, now controller, was
previously second assistant to the presi
dent. The vacancy made by Mr. Mahl's
promotion w Jl probably be tilled by some
one of Mr. Mahl's former assistants in the
New York office. The president has the
appointment of his assistants.
Work on the annual report of the S >uth
ern Pacific Company has been delayed by
the non-receipt of certain data from New
York, which left that city to-day. It is
not expected to have the report ready for
at least a week.
Great activity continues to prevail in
Portsmouth dockyard, where upward of
1000 men are working overtime.
- ■■ ■.■ -' KEW PUBLICATIONS. NEW PTBLICATIONS. NEW PUBLICATIONS.
E 1 /V 1 iI /\ Our, Great Introductory Offer 3
JJ^ mm^ M ■ m^^mr m. Mmi^ M. • JL is not confined to San Francisco, butap- :^5
g^- ;33XJ'T <~>TVTir») • plies to all sections reached by the great =^5
Si In which to take advantage of the Pacific Coast Newspaper San Francisco dailies, it being the special i|
! Syndicate's notable distribution which enables you to secure purpore of THE SYNDICATE in THIS r^J
g^; on payment of $1.00 only, immediate possession and use fora ~ ; , .. . .. .. : — -35
S~ lifetime of a full set (4 sumptuous volumes of over 5000 pages supplemental distribution to place at lea3t
fc: with illustrations) of that invaluable Reference Library, ONE set of the volumes in EVERY com-
j •£; P g M -t ■• : . <• munity for comparison with other diction- =^5
|^ 1. JJJ.C t^llC IQl3^^Ci 1C aries and encyclopaedias, thereby securing r^S
■■ ** __ mT widespread and favorable publicity for this r^s
SS^ «-^ # j "';#"•■■■■ new work. To be absolutely sure of secur- -^
SSt: I m\ C* I 1 £\ fl*^7^ ' ing one of these sets the initial payment of
l-^l^' HV/lltll Jf • . ( $1.00 should accompany your letter. If 3
fcr " . , . , , ' the work is not as represented it can be 13
5^ Are you among the fortunate number who have secured this ■ — : 3 — r-r-r- r— 2 - — XTT 1 7^
incomparable work? If for any reason you have not ap-- returned within ten days and the payment ;3
£--- plied. DO NOT DELAY, as TO-MORROW marks the close " will be refunded. This gives you opportu-
m*- of this wholly remarkable distribution, after which the orie- ~^z — I = r; r- ;; ~^
21 ■ inal subscription price wi»l prevail. The present opportun- mty to examine the entire work. =55
; ■£: ity is ABSOLUTELY UNPRECEDENTED. ; ' — r^
■*" ' • .- ■ [ . I ~~^
Jjc: fpininnrnn ' at once a dictionary and an encyclopedia.
4^= HI 1 Mil LI IV Produced at a cost o! over $750,000. 312
g~~ nimuniUu j^rr?'; 1 -} " ;+■:■. .■:'-■• -;- t - ■: ;;, •>> y.*- ' ' ' , ' v'j^,^;-'; ' .Tifi
| HUNDREDS fefeP^^||lJl I
WILL BE|TOO LATE to pos- (Iv^ l- ' fes^ l s^^ 3 | 3
sess it on these terms unless I fC^^ fcfEi!^ IFf^RHe' 3^SlllHl li} I fJ^3 3
they act at once, for on and U|fC^?A. Ik^^^ W^^s^ |^Er£^ || |U j ''-^^M^h-i
after MONDAY, APRIL I3th, |P^^~^^^^^ f|v#k> fi'^^^^Tfl~^mllWli : I^9^
the price will be advanced f^^^^ W^^ 6*^=3* f^ 5 -iNBt ' ISi^^ 3
to $42 to $70 per set accord- " 3
fe ■ ing to style of binding, this >?• —^^^^^^^^3^^^^^
being the price at which the -^
volumes were made to sell. CJ) 'z^
*£z'" " FOUR MASSIVE VOLUMES. WEIGHT ABOUT 40 POUNDS. '12
I IT IS EVEN NOW TOO LATE 1
£Z To send descriptive matter and sample pages, Our proposition, however, is more liberal ; it 13
8^ enables you to examine the full work, and return within ten days if not as represented. 5*
I HOW TO SECURE THIS MAGNIFICENT WORK. |
•»- - ' . - — «r»
•P Bring or send $1 to the PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery street, and the entire set ol =55
9—- four superb volumes, bound in cloth, will be forwarded. The balance to be paid at the rate of $1 25 monthly for 13 "S
SEH months. The work will be supplied in HALF RUSSIA for $1 50 monthly, and in full sheep for $2 monthly for the 12 33
g— months. The FIRST PAYMENT in every case is only $1. At t*ie time of sending your first payment please designate ■•
•—' the style of binding you desire (WE RECOMMEND THE HALF RUSSIA BINDING), and indicate how you wish the 13
volumes sent, as the charges for delivery must be paid by the purchaser. Remember, the entire set is sent you when the =^S
5^ first payment of $1 is received, and you therefore nave the me and benefit of the volumes during the whole year you are ;^g
2^3 paying for them. The absolute confidence of The Syndicate that the work will be thoroughly appreciated, highly valued —^
»— and cheerfully paid for is clearly shown by sending such a valuable set of books, the subscription price of which is $12, on ~^^m
SZ an advance payment of only $1. Every one is invited to call and inspect the work, or sample pages will be furnished on US
fcl • application. Address ');■:;;;"-. :^5
B THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery Street, San Francises). 3
g£— ai^ i^
H See How Easy It Is. Use This Order Blank. ~ 3
I" THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 lentg«mery St., San Francisco. I
. Inclosed find One Dollar, for which please send to my address, as given below, one complete set of the r
g^ . Encyclopedic Dictionary, bound in Binding. (We recommend the Half-Russia
&~ Binding. ragree to pay the balance in 12 equal monthly payments. :' , —g
£E NAME RESIDENCE
OCCUPATION SHIP BY =3
State here whether by express or freight. . I^J
MURRAY THE TRAIN AGENT
He Was an Expert in Signa
tures and Hand
writing.
SOME INTERESTING EVIDENCE.
Cbirography Which Passed a Bank
Tel'er Was Refused on
the Train.
The plaintiff's side of the Martin case is
all in, and it rests now with the railroad
to explain why it was that a good ticket
was confiscated because a train agent
thought it was "scalped."
This same train agent was named Mur
ray. He was on the stand during the day
to tell how it was he detected a difference
between the signature George Martin put
on his ticket and the one he wrote after
ward for the train agent. The first was
Signed at a ticket window, the second was
written on a moving train, and when
Murray, the train agent, compared the
two lie thought he found a difference and
took up the ticket.
Under Delmas' cross-examination Mur
ray said he was on the run from Sacra
mento east. He saw Martin on the train
and took a look at his ticket. He de
manded a signature, a sort of sample, and
when it was written at the rate of thirty
miles an hour he found a difference. He
demanded another signature soon after
and then demanded further identification.
He was shown Martin' 3 business card and
the name on his valise, but he wanted to
see drafts and checks, and when these
were not forthcoming he took the ticket up.
He was shown a signature on a draft— one
which had been honored by a bank— and
he said it was Martin's. It was similar to
the one that had been made for the train
asent and this was acknowledeed, but
what the bank had accepted for several
hundreds of dollars the train agent had
refused for the last fraction of a return
ticket becanse he thought the defendant's
sicnatures did not look just alike.
Mr. Del mas then inquired into Murray's
qualifications as a writing expert — as a
comparer of valuable signatures. He
found that Murray had been train agert
for a year. A train agent is a man who
can see a scalped ticket through a two
foot brick wall and who can reach for it
even after it has left the Southern Pacific
lines. He was promoted to this position
of train agent for five years' successful
service as v conductor. The conductor's
hat was worn after years' of service twist
ing a brake wheel. He fitted himself for
a brakeman'a position by Berving at the
plow for eleven years. He was a farmer
then, ne said, and through all these po
sitions he had been studying handwriting
to qualify himself for the position of train
agent — to make him a better judge of
signatures than a bank cashier.
During his year as a train agent Mr.
Murray said he had taken up 170 tickets.
He had made three errors; Martin's ticket
was one, and then two others. General
Barnes then asked how many of the re
maining 167 were stolen ana how many
were scalped, but Mr. Delmas didn't see
the relevancy of such testimony, and he
said so. Then there was a long argument
on the point, which ended in a ruling of
the court that the questions were inad
missible. During the argument General
Barnes reiterated the claim of the railroad
that the test signature had been purposely
miswritten, and Mr. Delmas took occasion
to remark that if such a state of things
could be proven he would at once drop the
case.
John J. "SViegeliner of the California
"Wine Association testified that he had
sold a carload of wine to Mr. Martin on
credit, and that he had looked up Mr.
Martin before doing so. He found his
character good, and his draft for the wine
was honored when presented.
11. C. Hubbard, the train agent for the
run between Oakland and Sacramento,
testified that he asked Martin to write his
name, but the signature thus secured was
not satisfactory. It was not produced in
court, however. He then had asked Mar
tin for a second signature, and this proved
more satisfactory. This was submitted as
evidence. Mr. Delmas wanted to see the
unsatisfactory one, as he was fully con
vinced ii was like the one on the draft, but
the railroad people had lost the signature.
The case went over until next Monday,
after the arguments by counsel had been
concluded.
SLAVERY IN CHINATOWN.
A Young Girl Brought From
Portland and Offered
for Sale.
She Was Rescued and Is Now an In
mate cf the Presbyterian
Mission Home.
The fact that slavery is practiced among
the Chinese in this City has been fre
quently commented upon and a further
illustration has just come to light.
On March 28 Yen King, a comely Chi
nese woman, 22 years of age, arrived here
from Portland, Or., accompanied by Sic
Ging and Sic Pack, two hi hbinders. They
offered her for sale in Chinatown and the
female keeper of a house of ill-fame had
agreed to purchase her for $500. The price
was so cheap that she became suspicious,
and thinking there was something crooked
about the transaction she refused to curry
out tht> agreement.
Yen King's cousinß on Wednesday ob
tained a warrant for her arrest on the
charpe of vagrancy, so as to get her out of
tbe hands of the two highbinders, and
t at night she was taken to the California
street police station.
She was released on bail and was taken
to the Presbyterian Chinese Mission Home
on Sacramento street. Yesterday morn
ing, accompanied by Miss Culbertson,
Yen King appeared before Judge Low.
Her cousins and ex-Judge Lawier, their
attorney, were also present in court. After
hearing the facts in the case the Judtre
dismissed the charge of vagrancy, and Yen
King was taken back to the Presbyterian
Mission Home, where she now is.
A warrant was immediately sworn out
before Judge Low for the arrest of Sic
Ging and Sick Puck, the two highbinders,
on the charge of kidnaping Yen King,
under section 784 of the Penal Code.
About a week ago ex-Judge Lawier was
the means of rescuing the wife of a Chi
nese merchant from a life of slavery.
She had been kidnaped and traced
to Courtland, where she was found in a
horrible condition. Her abductors, upon
finding that she was discovered, slashed
her face so as to disfigure her for life if
possible. She is now living again with
her husband in Chinatown.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday accepted
the resignations of Charles F. McDermott of
engine 32, Jamos Spellman and George Taylor
of engine 2S. J. J. Murphy 01 truck 5 was put
on the pension list at half pay. J. J. Harrigan
of engine 21 was dismissed from the depart
ment for drunkenness. Wallace Jameson and
Steve Spellman of engine 6 were tried for
drunkenness and insubordination. Thecharge
of drunkenness was not sustained, but they
were each fined iifteen days' pay for insubor
dination.
Reports From Banks.
All the City banks but three have handed in
the reports required by the Board of State Bank
Commissioners, and the others will be ready in
a day or two. Thus far the reports indicate
that the banks are ail In pood condition.
Ttegtepl
tiuMtin!
■11=31^5*-—
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI MMAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Hides lower and weak.
Eastern Lard lower.
Mi-rar advanced again.
Hlver steady.
Wheat and Barley futures weaker.
Other cereals unchanged.
Fecdslufts linn.
No change in Hay. Beans dull.
Small shipment of Flour to China.
New Potatoes lower: old linn.
Onions stiff and higher.
Butler and Cheese weaker. Eggs firmer.
Asparagus advanced.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Increased receipts of strawberries.
pi lea continue to improve.
orange* and Limes ten.
No movement In Dried Fruit.
Gold Coin circulation loses largely.
Heavy increase in Specie Exports.
r.xplanatlon.
The arrow (ties with the wind. The top f.gnrM
svt station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and htindredths.
during the pa<! twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connec: points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or iiotte I lim-s. rijual temperature. The
word -high" nv-uns high barometric pressure and
I- -.ally accompanied by fair weather; "low"
r> ■'- to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rams. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
U'J'pn the pressure Is liich In the interior and low
aiong the coast; aod the isobars extend north and
so.:t!i alons the coast, rain is probable; but when
the -low" is inc.ose.l with isobars ot marked curva
ture rain s. nth of < 'regon is improbable. With r.
"hieh" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
f. Injr. to the< i'lifornlacoasi, warmer weather may
r. situnier ana colder weather in -.vln
rhe re venn of these couditions will prod not
%n eii])O»ite result.
WEATHER UI'KKAD REPORT.
I'MTFH NTAIKS lUI'AHTMFNT OF AGKICTI/-
TIBK, WBATHIK IH-BKAf, S A V FRANCISCO,
April 9, ISP6. .i P. v. Weather conditions and
ut:
■ -:'iiv ■•:.- are the seasonal rainfalls to date
■s compared with those of the same date las- sea
son: Eureka 33.41. latt season 38.93; lied Bluff
17.15. laM season 27.73; ,-an Francisco 17.05, last
season '.'3.87: Fresno 5.97, last season 13.16: San
Luis Obispo 16.71. last season "4.90; Los Angeles
8.88 las; season 15.45; -mi Diego 5.68, last season
1' «*••. Yum;i.Sß, last season 3.01.
it" following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations la California to-day: Eureka
46. Red Bluff 56. Sau Francisco 54. Fresno 60,
San 1 its Oblspo &6, Los An?eles 66, San Diego 64,
V in., 88.
1- ram \<a-n data — Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 47. mean SO.
- aintall has occurred in Califor
nia during 1 •;:>.- four hours: Kureka
'. 20, !:• : 1■; irt .24, Ban Prancisco.34, Fresno .60,
S:ui Luis Ol -)>'. •_'•.'. Los Angeles trace
The storm as central lac evening near
the W oaM Ikis moved southeastward
rtern Oregon and Southern
;i :iie pa>t twenty-four
- northward in California
11 Nevada. Six-tenths of
M Fresno within the past
- witj considerably relieve 1 lie
- n-bicn have existed in That re
■ ■ the past two weeks, Light rain Is ex-
: throughOUl the
including southern Cal
* ;■ r • - creatly needed. The tem
from i.-n to twenty de
preea thronKhoni Northern California and Nevada,
pro . ;■ be prevented to-night on
conditions that prevail.
Friday nighl H the sky
n c.
1 ore : >;ui Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, April 10. ismi:
N or ;a— occasional showers to-nijjht
«■'■ ! probably Friday; treafa to brisk southerly to
em California— Showers to-night, probably
followed by cloudy h riday; somewhat cooler in the
fresh to i>nsk westerly winds.
s'evada Local siiows to-nij;ht and Friday fore
noon.
Utah— lx)cai snow :o-niant and Friday: probably
- near Salt Lake: cooler Friday.
Arizona — Cloudy, with probable stiowers in the
.1' rth portio 1: cooler Friday.
Prancisco and vicinity— Mbowen to-night
£L"i 1 robably Friday forenoon; brisk to high west
-1 ;s.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast official.
NKW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, X. V., April 9—Stocks were in
tensely dull to-day, the total sales amounting to
only 183,926 shares. The opening of the market
was firm, the sensational rumors of yeiterday about
the President's action in the Cuban matter having
failed to materialize. Irisi <-s moved up fractional! v,
but the improvement did not brine in orders from
outsiders, and as of late business was monopolized
by the trading element. London gold a little St.
Paul and Louisville and Nashville.
In the afternoon the market showed a weaker
tendency on reports of further gold shipments late
in the week and the revival of the report that
President Cleveland will send a message to Con
press indorsing the recent action of that body on
the Cuban matter, Leading bear operators with
\\ ashington connections were conspicuous sellers
of the Grangers at this time. The rumors re
ferred to, however, could not be traced to any
authentic source. The loss in the Grangers was
insigniticant. hut >ii(.-.ir was decidedly weaker and
fell from IIBV2 '" 116%, with a subsequent re
rovpry to 117Vg. Tobacco declined from H45.g to
83Vi. and later recovered to 8434- The death of
Vic -President Poor was used against the stock
early 111 the day.
The decline In the general list in the afternoon
dealings was equal to i/i and 1 per cent, the
Grangers, General Electric and ttnbber leading
Speculation closed dull with prices anywhere from
1 4 "> v.» pet cent below yesterday's closing. Bonds
were dull and easier fit tone. The sales footed up
•1,823,000. .Albany and Susqiu-hanna cousol 6's
fell 2 to 117: Missouri Pacific consols, 6's, 1 to
92 Vi: Oregon Short Line consol, .Vs, certificates
1 to 66; St. Joseph and Grand Island 6 a, certifi
cates, 3 to 47.
in Government bonds $145,000 coupon 4's of
1985 brought 117y @117i/s.
> Uraln.
FLOUR — Unchanged, fairly active, steady.
Southern flour unchanged, quiet. 1-lve flour, quiet"
firm at $2 65@'_» 95. '
BU CX W H t AT— 4o(g,4lc.
l'..\r.i.i.\ Ungraded Western, :-i9(^4lc.
BAULKY SI ALT— Western. 4S@ssc.
WHEAT- Dull, easier with options. No. 2 red,
store and elevator, BIV2C; afloat. 83c; f. o. b
82>,4!&83c: ungraded red. 64@81c; No. 1 Northern
75^c.
I. plions were fairly active and irregular, closing
weak at %(&.Vsc decline, following the West and
on local liquidation. Hay and July most active.
No. 2 red April, 78c: May, 7"_ >:l />c; June, July
and September, 72.-; August, 71V«c: .December
73:14 c.
<• Quiet, firmer; scarce. No. 2, 40c eleva
tor; -lie afloat.
"l>"ioii» dull and y g c lower with the West, clos
liic steady. May and S> ptember most active.
April, 37c: May. 3>jc: Jll y, 37c: .September,
■
'.us Qui.'t, linn. „"- :>
Options dull, steady. April, 26V4c; May. 24-'ic
Spot prices: No. 2, 255 2 c: No. •_' white, 26V 4 c;
>■>._■ Clilcjuto, 26% c: No. 3, M^jye; No. 3 white,
2. -i i- ■; mixed Western, 25<§,2t>V2c; do white and
whii.- state, 20@28Vfec
KKED-Bcan, 60<a-t>2V->c.
lr«vi 8 10., 8 . -
liKKF- Lower, dull. Family extra mess, 7@B.
Be« hams, quiet, $14 50fa,15. Tlerced beef.
Inactive; City extra India me.is. 815&15 60. Cut
meats. •in. ft. unchanged.
LARD — Inactive, nominal. Western steam,
85.36; city. $4 90(a4 95; May, 85 40. . ReJined.
slow; continent, if s 65; South American. «d: com
pound. 4. - iq 4&4 c.
POr.K ... steady; mess, 89@9 50: new
mess. tlli(a.l(< 25. , : _; -
I;l I 1 1. it— steady, fair demand: fancy steady:
Imitation cr.arn.ry. Iiy 2 (%15c; uhctianued.
CHEESI -Firm, active; state, la'r«e,*6@loVic;
do fancy, 10@14c; do small, 6@l(J3ic:- part, skims,
897 c: full skims. lVL@2i^c. ■ ■*> '' J
EGGS— Fair demanu. Slate and Pennsylvania,
JBgl3J/*c: utl »' r »- ll^li^c: Western freßh,
12@12Vsc; duck, 20®23c; goose, 35@i0c.
TALLOW— About steady. City, 3i/ 2 c: country.
3V>(«j)3 S BC.
PKTKOLEUM— Quiet, lower. Refined, $6 90,
New York: $6 85 Philadelphia; do in bulk,
$4 35 . ,
RESlN— Quiet, steady. Strained common to
good. $1 72i. 2 (ffll 75.
TURPENTINE— Steady, quiet: 28@2ec.
POTATOES— Fair demand, easy. Bermudas,
$4(<s7 50.
RlCK— Firm, active. Domestic fair to extra,
3@534c; Japan, 4@4t/4C
MOLASSES— Firm. New Orleans open kettle.
good to choice. 27@37c. ••ioa'«
COFFEE-Qulel. 5(a,10 points up. May. $12 85
@12 90; June, *)240: July, $12@12 05: August,
1170; September. $11 10@ll 15; October. $11:
November, $1075@1080-. December, $10 eU(<£
10 66: January, $10 60; March, i? 10 40." Spot KlO
dull, steady: No. 7. 1344 c.
SUOAR-Flrm, quiet ; fair refinine. 33/ic: cen
trifugals 96 test, 414 c. Refined fairly active, 1»c
higher; off A, 4 13-i6@6c: mold A, of^c; stand
ard A. 5s/ 8 c; confectioners' A, sVic; cut loaf, (><■;
crushed, lie; powdered, bt>/tc: granulated, o%c;
cubes, 55 g o.
Freights to Liverpool quiet.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS — APRICOTS— Bags,
9@l2i/oc. -'jV
I'KACHES— l»e€lea.l3i/C,(aise:unpeeled,s%@Bc.
' .PRUXKB- Four sizes. s(gfsV*c
RAISINS— Three-crown, S'AQSVift; do London
layers, Bl'<S9oc; do clusters. $1 25(&1 40.
ALMoNIJS— .>ott-sheli, 7i/ 2 @Bc; do paper-shell,
Ilfol2c. " -v ,;-.
UTS-Standard. 6yo®7c; do soft-shell,
7M;@l«c "" >;.-■.
HOPS— Quiet: steady, state common to choice, ,
4ia)Bi,c; Pacific Coast. 2y 2 ©He.
WOOL— Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, 23@32c;
pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 9@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Moderately active; American, $11
@13 60.
COPPER— DuII; Lake. $10 75@10 87y».
LEAD— Weak; domestic. $3 05.
TlN— Quiet; straits. $13 30: plates dull.
bPi.LTJ.K- Firm: domestic. Si 15.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, li,t.. April The trade in wheat
to-day by its limited proportions gave evidence of
the approach of the Government report which will
be issued to-morrow. Neither the bulls, who pro
fessed faith In a low condition, nor the bears, who
fell confident that wheat, was in excellent shape,
barring a few exceptions, were disposed to assume
any risk on their theories. To-day's rains and
showers, which were generally over the winter
wheat belt, checked an early rise in prices and the
dullness of business prevented radical fluctuations
later. The Cincinnati Price Current gave a bull
ish summary on the condition of winter wheat for
•lie past week, the effect of which was to tempt
the less conservative to do some buying, but offer-
Ings rather overwhelmed the demand and reces
sions naturally followed.
Receipts at Chicago were 15 oars, and the North
west had 229. Local inspections from store were
137,158 bushels. Liverpool cables were quiet and
steady. Within the last hour the selling became
more pronounced and decided weakness devel
oped, prices coinK to the lowest point for the ses
sion at that time. Export clearances were light at
194,170 bushels. Closing Berlin and Paris cables
were lower. Antwerp was higher. -May wheat
opened from 66%@66%c, sold between 86% and
65V ; >@65f;gc, closing at 64%@65%C, Ml® s6° un
der yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
•JO cars.
CORN— lnactivity was the leading feature of
corn to-day. The news furnished nothing tending
to deflect prices in either direction, and traders
based their dealings oil the ruling strength or
weakness of wheat. Receipts wen; 220 cars, and
146.5"J9 bushels were withdrawn lrom store. Liv
erpool cables were quiet and V±A lower. Export
clearances amounted to l^S.Hil bushels. -May
corn opened at 3U%c, sold between SOc and 30* 6 q)
301,4 c closing at 80c, %fee under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 210 cars.
OATS— Were influenced by wheat opening firm
and later showing leas strength. The rains re
ported in all sections are of great value to the
seeding of oats and consequently tend to weaken
the feeling in the market. -Receipts were 197 cars.
There were no withdrawals from store. May
closed a shade under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 125 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 90y 2 (£9lc: May, 89®
90c; September, 93iA@5Hc. Receipts were eight
cars.
PROVISIONS— Product was but moderately ac
tive to-duy with a fairly steady to tnir tone pre
vailinir. interest in this market is just, now di
verted by the superior attractions of wheat, and
prices are in a measure Influenced by that grain.
The hog market was firm to-day, that helping the
tone of product e*rly, but the weakness of wheat
pave an easy tone later and the close was gener
ally lower. ".May pork closed 7' c under yester
day, May lard 1 ->ia.sc lower and .May ribs a shade
lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, Use; May. 655/ @6534c; July,
661 ,c.
CORN— April, 29Vic: May, 30c; July, Sic;
September, 32V8 C
OA.TS—May, 19%@19»/ic; July, 20@20y 8 c;
September, 203/gc.
PORK— May, 08 50: July, $8 70.
LAKD- May, $5 10; July, $5 22^.
RIBS— May, $4 60; July, $4 72^.
Livestock.
! DNION STOCKYARDS. Ir.L.. April 9— The
ru n of cattle, to-day was light, but the demand was
slow and prices ruled 10c lower. Receipts of hogs
were light and prices were firm to 5c higher eariy
but the close was with the advance lost. The
sheep market was firm. Arrivals were moderate
and the demand fair.
CATTLE — Receipts. 11,000. lancy beeves,
?4 50<a-» 75: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound |
steers. $4 2 sf<L'l 45: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $4!a,4^0: medium steers. 1000
to 1300 pounds. Si >-O(0.:< 95; common steers, 950
to 1300 pounds. $3 70(5.3 75; choice feeders.
900 to 1150 pounds, $3 40(ai3 85: common to good
stockers. $3@.3 75: bulls, choice to extra, $3® ,
3 50: bulls, poor to good, $2@2 75; • cows and
heifers, extra. $3 60^4; cows, fair to choice,
$2 40@3 40: cows, poor to good canners. $1 Co(§>
2 35: veal calves, good to choice, *4 2f>(<£s 25;
calves, common to ■ good. $3©4; Texas fed
steers. $3 15(<vl 15; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
92 25(0.3 25; milkers ana springers, per head, $20
@40. '
HOGS— Receipts, 15.000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 65@3 85: common to choice
mixed. $3 6 5 fa. 3 95 : choice assorted, $3 90@4;
light, $3 760.4; pigs, 83@(3 90.
.SHEEP— Receipts." 11,000. Inferior to choice,
93(33 90; lamba, $3 90^4 70.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been firm at 3@4^; last loan at
3V'2% ana closed offered at 31/1 - Prime mercantile
paper, 5^36%. Bar silver, 68V4& Mexican dollars,
0414 C. c. trims excbanseßieady, with actual busi
ness in bßiiKers' bills at $4 sBU4 8814 for 60 d»ya
and *4 89@4 90 for demand. . Posted rain, S4 89@
4 90. Commercial bills, 14 87 (a 4 87si. Govern
ment bonds firm; Slate bonds dull; rauruaa
bonds easy. Silver at the board was quiet.
li-OFINn STOCKS.
A m Tel & Cable-.. Siy 8 Norfolk * Wes:... 1&
A*xhlßon_ «s«| Preferred. 53/
Prelerred '3^ Northern Paclflo.. 1
Adams express.. .l 47 Preferred 11: V 4
Alton.Terre Haute. 60 Nonnwestern 103
American Express.lll Preferred 145
American Tobacco. 833/ N. Y. Central 861/,
Preferred .. 98 j N .Y. ChicagodMlL 1*
BaybtateGas 21 i Ist preferred .75
Baltimore & Ohio.. IBV2 id preferred. : ">3Vi
Eninswicic Lands- / 2 'N. Y. & N. H ,17:, '
Buffalo, Koch dt i*. . 15 N. V.<£ New Eng. 40
Canada Paclric »5 N. Y. fcusq & W.^ 3
(enada Southern.. 4« 3 /i| Preferred. 2214
Canton Land 607/ 8 Ontario. 14V*
Central PaciUo.... I' 1 Ontario Western.': 141/8
Chc-s. A Ohio. 15% Oregon Improvmt.
Chicago Alton 15J Preferreu. —
Preierrea..' I'" Oregon Navigation. 19
Chicago, a. & U. . -- 7 7 1. * C re.eon bhort Lin«. 3 '/ 2
Chicago &E. 1U... 4'» :< * Pacific Mati 20 .
Preferred l (l( > leona. D.& Evans. 2^
Chicago uas.. ...... •>« Pittsburg & W pfd. ■= "8
Cleve dt Pitlsburg.l6o Pullman Palace... 166
Consolidation Coat. ;-.O Quicksilver _ li/ 2
Consolidated Gas.. 151 ! Preferred. 15
C. C. C. & St. Louis, 34 Vi Reading #> , 10i/ 3
Preferred 85 jßioGrande&Weeta IS
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. shh z Preferred. „. 45
Preferred. 96 Rock 151 and ....... 70Vi
Cotton Oil Cert l4%ji-tomeWat«feOgdenll* -
Commercial Cable. 1 St. L. <t S. W....... j 4y a
Del. Hudson 127 x / 4 Preferred... loy 2
Uel.Lack&WeaternloHVs Et.Paui 75
Denver <sc li. 12 j Preferred. 126y 2
Prelerred 46 Si Kt. Paul Duluto. 24
DlstlUera lV'Vii 1 Preferred 87
General Electric... 37» « Kt. Paul & Omaha- 38
trie l*Vi Preferred.. 121
Preferred M Su P. M. <fc M......111
Fort Wayne 160 bllver Certincates.. 683/
G real orthern DfO. 1.0 Southern Pacific... H |l «
Greenßay *& feoutnern A. X..... %X %
Harlem 29* , Preferred. 29'/ 4
Hocking Coal -'■'■ fcusar Refinery.... 11/3/ g
Hocking Valley--. l'-V* Preferred.. ....„; lOOi/a
Homestake 8" Teun. Coal & Iron. 80
ll. <fc Texas Cent.. - /a Preferred..... . 100
Illinois Central.... 8* Texas Pac1f10....'." 8
lowa Central •* '101.A.A.A N.Micn.— —
Preferred 31 4 1 01. & Ohio Cen.... Mi
KnEßasA Texas.— l 1 Preferred. 70
Preferred 26 V* lol.St. Louis 6
Kingston & Pern... •> i Preferred.... 10
Lake Erie & West a 17 i/ Union Pacific... 83/g
Preferred efli|,'l P.. Den. <fc Uulf :->V»
Uti shore 147 1) .B. Cordage. ..„.„ 4;;.^
National Lead 21 : Preferred _ 9
Preferred 87 | Guaranteed...'.... '18
Long Isluna Hi V. Is. Express —42
Louisville Nash. *9 U. S. Leather.. .... 9
Louisville Nad; Ch. 8y 2 Preferred _ 6114
Preferred :20 I. S. Rubber 261/2
Manhattan Consoi.JOS^l Preferred .;... H4
Uempms&Charls. 15 Utlca&B.: River.. 150
Mexican Central... nJ", 8 Wat,. B. L. 0. Pao.. 6
Michigan Central.. S2V a 1 Preferred......... 1734
»Jlnn<£ S. L......... Weils-Fargo... luO '
Preferred. Western Union.... B.<V
Minn. <& St. L com. 19 Wis Centra 1......... a /4
■ Ist preferred 79 Vt\ Wheeling ,t L. k.. «VSi
2d preferred...... My a Preferred 3-j
Missouri Pacific.. 24 i Am Cotton Oil pf(L 29y 3
Mobile* Ohio ■ V !fa XV V 8eef .......... 8
Kashvilie Cnatt.... 63 Ami Arbor 9
National Linseed.. IBV2 Preferred 25y 3
K. J.Cemrai 105 .+ Brooklyn Traction. 22 Va
North American... 6 >/« ' '
no ■-,< pnvm.
U «=4f. '. 1081/4 iM KTiids... ... .. ■ B9i/ 3
. - Do, 48 conrx>n... I-H>. 4*. ...;.... .88 «
C 84i new reg 117 ; Mutual Union .113
Do, 48 coupon... 117 >TJ Cent Gen oe.. 11l
Do. 25.\.......... 95 Northern racists. 116
Do. 6a;'.;.'.:: U3y 2 i Do, 20a..;....... 11l :
. Do. bs counon ll.|i /2 ; Do. hi's 76
Cherokee 4s. 1898. 100 % isortmveat Conaola. 1 iO
• Do, 1807-.... ....100 -;' Do, deb 8a^......108V»
C 0.1898 ....... 100 0HAN.1ata......11l .
1)0, Iby 100 jhi Li Iron 31 Si 77
'. . — ' ... JJSJ - .;. - .. .„.»., ». ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
Pacific 6s of ' 96. ...—-* V. L «fc SFGnn 6». ll'6i/ 4
D. C. 3-6 58........109V4 Pt Paul Consols 128
Ala Class A 4 106 M. P. C. <fc Pa lsts. 118
Do. Class 84, Ss. 10t» ' Do,'Pac Cai ists..lO7
I.b Conaoi4s... 97 Southern K. R. 5s 91V*
Missouri funding.. — - Texas Pacific firsts HBV&
N Carollnacon 6s. 1 191/2 Texas Pacseconds. A3»/«
Do, 45.... ....105 |UnlonPac lstof»8. 104
Fo Carolina 4ViS... 106 j West Shore 4s . 10. >
Ten i! new as 86. I Mobile & Ohio 4s 60
Va funding deoc... 60 Vi! R UranaeWest Ills 74
Jl o, reg — Clies<tO6s 107^
l>o. deferred 65... 6 Atchlson 4s 77%
Do. trust rcots st 5^ Do. "ids A 25
Canada south 2a»..i01 OH<tS A6s 105
Cen Pac lstsof '96 100 Do. 2d 7s. "lot)
Den & X G Ist 11214 H & Tex Cent'o^lOS
,£»■ *' «»V« ! Do.con6s HioVa
*r rle^Q» 65 Beading 4s 78' 8
Kansas Pa Consols 73%' Missouri Bs ....... 100 '
Ks Pa l»ta Den divlO9 1
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San Francisco for
March was as follows:
Paid for duties a 457,700
Exported.. 1,125,100
Total withdrawn $1,682,800
Coined in March 1,540,000
Loss to local circulation >> 42,800
: For the first three months of the year the move
ment was as follows;
Paid for duties $1,4 58,100
Exported 7.400.500
Total withdrawn $^.558,600
Coined same time 4,825,500
Loss to local circu1ati0n. ......... $4,033,100
Durinnr the same time last year instead of a loss
there was a net gain of $953,000, the coinage tor
that period 56,00a,500.
KXPOKTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of specie from this port thus far this
year amount to $12,337,600. against *7,114.500
during the same time in 1895. Of this year's ex
ports China took 53.200.760. Jap^n $1,123,400
and New York $7,978, 200. The leading descrip
tions were: Silver Bullion $1,161,650, Mexican
Dollars $3,139,000, <iojd Coin $7,400,600.
FOREIGN MAKKETS.
WHEAT XX LIVRBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Enb., April The spot market
Is steady at 5s 7y 2 d@6a BVad. Cargoes firm at 27s
lOVSjd December.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter* April.
Ps 6y a d; May. ss7d; June, 6s 7d; July, 5s 7Vad;
August, 5s /4 d.
BKCCHITIKS.
LONDON, Esq.. April 9— Consols, 110%; sil
ver, 31 3-16 d; French Rentes, lOlt 37VaC
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 88%
Sterling Cables... — 4 80'
New York Exchange, sight — . 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, %». ounce. — t>S^4
Mexican Dollars 65 60
PKODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AMJ OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Monkbarns takes for Grimsby
22,504 ctls, valued at $23,629.
Futures were weaker, snot prices showed no
variation. No. 1, $\ 07i/a@l 0834: choice, $1 10
@1 ll 1 /*: lower grades, $I@l 06Vi; extra choice
for milling, $1 16@1 20.
CAM, HOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock -- December—
100 tons. $1 08%; 600, 81 09; 500, 8 1 09 Vg.
Heouur Morning Session— December— loo ''
tons. 81 08s/ 8 ; 700, $1 08y a ; 1400, $1 U86 8 . May—
1100, $1 07 V 2*
Aftkrnoon Skssiox — December— 4oo tons,
81 08y 8 ; 200, 91 08%. May— 3oo, *1 075/ 8 .
BAhLKY- Shipment of 46,266 centals Brewing,
valued at $39,326, to England.
The market for futures was easier, but spot quota
tions remained unchanged. Feed, 68 : }i@71i4c a
ctl; choice, 72 V-j@733.ic i* ctl; Brewing, 80@85u
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal, Session— lo o'clock— December— 2oo
tons, 73c. ■-;•--;
Keodlar Morning Skssion— May— loo tons !
78% c: 600, 72i/ 4 c. December— loo 73c.
Afikknoon Skssiox— December— No sales.
OATS— No further change. Milling, 75@82Vfcc
*ctl; fancy Feed, 82 1 o,aH7i/ 3 o: cood to choice,
7. r > 1 SO.-; common to fair, b7Va(&72y.,c: Gray. 72V%
@SOc: surprise, 90c@$l \i ctl.
CORN— Continues dull, with liberal offerings.
Large Yellow. 87i/2@9oc; Small Round do, 97V«c
@$1 : White. 82y (g.86Vic >» ctl.
RYE— Is very dull at 77i.<a(a;80c ft ctL.
BUCKWHEAT— B6®6ooi»ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB,
FLOUR— The China steamer took out only 2061
lbs, the smallest shipment for a long time. N»t
cash prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 75@
3 85: Bakers' extras, S3 65@3 65; superfine, $2 76
©.3 ¥ bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 60:
Cracked Corn. $21 "£» ton.
MlLLstuffs— Prices in 10-lb sacks areas fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
2»4c; Rye Flour, 3Vic; Klce Flour, 7J^c; Corn
meal, 2«4@30; extra cream do. 3i/ 2 c: Oatmeal,
3'< 4 c: Oat tiroats, 4y>c; Hominy, 4fcL4VsC; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3~Va'-; Farina,
41/2 C: whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled oats, 4 1 Ac-
Pearl Barley, 4y 2 c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
SVic %s Ib.
HAY AM) FKKDSTUFFS.
BRAN-sl3 50©14 $ ton.
MIDDLINGS- sl6 60@17 50 ?» ton for lower
grades and $18@19 $ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 IS ton; jobbing'
$21 ; Cottonseed Oilcake. 8 21 14 ton.
HAY— Quotations remain undisturbed. Wheat
Is quotable at $B@ll 50 (A ton: Oat, $H(a,9-
Wheat and Oat.$8«ull; Barley, $7@9; Alfalfa, $7
@9: Clover. $6@B 60; Compressed, $7(0,10 60-
Slock, $6(g,7 j» ton.
STRAW— 3S@SSc $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Continue dull at unchanged prices
Bayos are quotable at $I@l 10: Small White*.
81 12%@1 60;. Pea, $1 10@l 40 <$ ctl; Large
Whites, *)@1 16 «l ctl; Pink, 90c@$l 10: Reds,
$1 25; Blackeye, nominal; Rea Kidney, $1 76-
Limas, $2 45@2 60: Butters,sl 60<ai 70.
REEDS— Mustard Is quotable at $1 50®
2 25 t*ctl: Trieste. *2<ffi2 50; Yellow Mustard.
SI 40@l .'.O; Flax, 8 1 70<«l 80; Canary, '&A V, tt>;
Alfalfa. 7y 2 @9y 2 c '# Hi; Rape. 2i/ 3 c "$ lb; Hemp,
31/zc %4 ll>. •
DRIED PEAS— BI 25@1 40 %i cU for Niles
and $1 25(gil 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes are lower, but old
are firm and cleaning up. New Potatoes, s4@ll.ic
i* tt>; Merced Sweets.B2 60C42 76 *» ctl; River Bur
banks. 20{g,30c '?. sac*; Oregon Burbanks. 3U@6oc
%* ctl: Oregon Garnet Chiles. 60@85c; Early Rose,
30(0, n>c; Petalumas and Tomales, 30@45c H sack.
ONlONS— Receipts are light and th- market is ,
higher. Good to choice, 75(g)90c ft ctl; Cut Onions
25@50c: Oregon. $I@l 10 1* ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 610 boxes As
paragus and 4&9 boxes Rhubarb and 590 bucks
Peas. ..,.,
An improvement In Asparagus was about the
only change. i- - ■ ! . ■.':..?> V;.V •,-■'.
■ Egg. Plant, 16c; Summer Squash, 12Vi "& lb;
Mexican Tomatoes.. $1 50@2 %^ box; Los Augelea
Tomatoes, $1 60@2 "$ box: Cucumbers, 60<g,75c
V doz; Asparagus, $} 25@1 75 %i box for ordinary
and *2&2 50 for extra; Rhubarb. 26@75c; Dried
Peppers, 10@12Vic; Green Peppers, 10c; Green
Peas, 2r«2Vac , tt<: String Beans, 8@10c; Dried
Okra, 121/2 C; Cabbage, 40c 'f, ctl ; Uaritc, 6@Bc %1
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20 $ ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern arrived and sales
were made at $6@6 50 for Hens and $5@6 60 for
old Roosters. '
In local stock Turkeys were higher. Young
stock continued firm.
Live Turkeys, 14@16c "& lb for Gobblers. 14®
16c t 4 Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 17c; Geese i*
pair, $1 5()@2; Ducks, $4 50Ca,6 50 ft doz for old
and Bx@9 for young: Hens, $4@5: Roosters
young, $7 50@9; do. old. 84@5: Fryers. *» 60
(g.7: Broilers, if 5 50@6for large and 83 50®4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 75@)2 for young and $1 76(a>
; 2 for ola.
ME— Hare. 75c * dozen; Rabbits, $1 25 for
Cottontails and $1 "# doz tor small.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market continues to sag. being
overstocked and ton-heavy.
. Ckeamkkv— Fancy, 14@16c, latter figure ex
treme; seconds, 13y a c m tt>. ..
Dairy— Fancy, 13c lb: good to choice, 12®
12y a c: lower grades, ll@liy 2 c.
Ast kr.n- Nominal. .
CHEESE— Weak supplies are increasing. Fancy
mild new. 9i/j@loc: common to good, 7@9c: Cream
[ Cheddar, ll(3Jl2c: Young America, 10@llc; West
-1 em, 111/$ 12c; Eastern, 13@14c. . •
EGGS— The market was a peg higher ; again.
Store Eegs continue scarce and in demand, ana
are relatively firmer than ranch. Store Eggs, lie
* doz; ranch Eggs, 1 1 Vi(» 1 i«^c Duck Eggs, 15c
%4 doz. ■.:.. , :
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI 50@l 75 %i box for good to choice,
75c(ij$l 25 lor common jto fair, and 82@2 50 for
fancy. .
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 8°
chests, selling at sO(g>6Oc ft drawer for Longworths
and 2U@4oc for large berries. ■ .
CITRUS FR UITS-Oranges and Limes are very
firm. Oranges, $1 26@1 75 *£> box for Seedlings
$■-' 25@3 50 for Navels and 82@3 for Malta
tlloods; Lemons. *1(^1 50 for common and $2®
2 60 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 ■$ box;
California. Limes. $1: Bananas, . $l(js2 %i buuch*
Pineapples are nominal.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS.ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-The following nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange: - ■ ;
Carload Lots— Apples, IVi^^jc ~& lb for quar
tered. 2@3c lb for sliced and 414 cfy ft for
evaporated -.'Peaches, 3V,@4c »* lb and 6V^C<i6c for
fancy: Deeled In boxes, 12c; Apricots 7vi®BJvic
for crime to cnoice. 9V 9 c for fancy and 10®llc
V lb for fancy JUoorpark; Figs, black. 2^c for un
pressed; nil* i>gs, 4@sc in sacks; Pears. 7c $
Jb for evaporated halves, 4@6%c & Ib for quarters:
Primes, 3y 4 @3v 2 c: Plums, 4c ~$ 1b for pitted and
l a /2@2y 2 cfor unpitted- Nectarines, s@6c %* for
prime to choice and 6y c for fancy. , .
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4y-}C
«J Ib: sun-dried, iy @)2c %* Ib; Peaches, 3@4c
PJ 1 a nd 5c ** tb for fancy; peeled in boxes, 10
<B>l2y 2 c : Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c for 40@50's
and 6c for 50@60's: Apricots, 6@9V»c for prime to
choice, 10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black,
*^%@2%c: White Figs. S@sc: Pears, 6y c for
evaporated halves and 3@s^c for quarters; I
Piums. 3y 2 @4c for pitted and . l@iy 2 c | for unpit
ted: Nectarines. 4@sc 5» Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are
as lows, carload lots. f. o. b. San Francisco:
London lnyers, 85Co'90c box : four-crown, loose,
3 3 /4 c Q Ib; . three-crown, loose, 2 Vic %> Ib; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, S3 /4 @4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2r.,(o;'_' :l three-crown London layers,
<"i(a.}(oc; clusters, $1 35©1 50; Dehesa clusters,
$.Mo(g!2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 6O(ai2 75; Dried
Grapes, 2y 2 c -^ Ib. ..:..:.',.
\ Jobbinu Prices — Four-crown loose. 3c; 3
crown, 2i. i <y)2y 2 2-crown, l%@2c- Needless Sul
tnnns, 3%g,4c; Seedless MusciUels, til 2 c; 3-orown
London layers, 75@S»0c: clusters, *1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, *2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2c.
r» UTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 6@Bc %i Ib;
Walnuts, 8(a!10c for No. 1 hard and 10(g)12cfor pa
per. JloDbiti!; lots; Almonds, 6@7y 3 c for Languedoc
and BV2@loc for paper-shell; jobbing: Peanuts, s(gl
Be for Eastern and 3y 2 ffl4V2 c for California: Hick
ory IS uts, s@6c; Pecans, "6c tor rough and 8 • for pol
ished; lberts, Bfd'9c: Brazil Nuts, 7y2@Bc^tt>;
Coeoanuts. *4 50(0.5 ft 100. .„ '
HONEY- Comb is quotable at 10@12c $ Ib for
bright and B@9c 1* Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, o@si<hc "?" Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4i,.t@4:< /4 dark"amber, 4c; dark, . 2@3c.
BEEB\VAX-a4®27c 51 Ib.
PROVISIONS.
, CURED AIEATS-Eastern Lard is lower. No
other changes. Bacon, tic $ tb for heavy, 7c
Ib tor light medium, 9c •$ Ib for light, 10c for
extra light and 12c %* Ib for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, ilVic: California Hams.
10c B Ib; Mess Beef, 88 « obi: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. «10; extra prime Pork, $9 $ bbl:
extra clear, $14 $ bbl: mess, $13 $ bbl: Smoked
Beef, 10c f. tb. '
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 61-ic 9 lt> for
compound and 6»4c for pure; palls, 7y 3 c; Cali
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and BV2C for pure;
half-bbls, 7i/ 4 c; 10- !b tins, 8c; do 5-lb, 814 c'& Ib.
COTTOX.ENE— 6s y ic in tierces and 76/fcc $ Ib in
10- Ib tins.
HIDES, TAItOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Prices for Hides are weakening again, and Dry
Hides and several other descriptions snowade
i cllne.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 6y
@7c; culls and brands. 6i<2@6c: medium, 6y 2 @6c:
culls and brands. 4y a (i£;>e: light, sc: culls and
brands. 4c; Cowhides, 6<- y. Ib; culls and brands. 4c;
salted Kip. 5c $ tb: salted Calf, 8c >. Ib; salted Veal,
tic; dry Hides, 9($10c; culls and brands 7i/ 2 c;
nry Kid ana Veal. B®9c: culls, 6i/»c; dry Calf,
lbc; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o@3sc each : Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer. 25@30c; medium, 16<a
26c; winter, 10c; sheepskins, shearlings, 10(3>
16c each; short wool, 20@35ceach: medium, 40
@60c each; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about i/ 2 less. . '
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 2 @4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 5y 2 @5»4c: Grease. '_»y 2 c t* Ib.
WOOL— We quote spring: San Joaquln and '
Southern Coast. 6 months, 4@6c ? tb: San Joa
quin. foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San Joaquin,
year's fleece, 41 2 @6V'2C.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@*c ty Ib. '
GKNKKAL, MERCHANDISE:
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June- July delivery, |
$4 25; San Quentin, $4 20: Wool Hags, 24(526c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 ■ '& ton: New Welling
ton. 58 1? ton; Southtield Wellington. $7 60 «4
ton: Seattle, $5@5 60: Brvant. *5 50: Coos Bay
Si 50;.Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch. .$7 50: Brymbo,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and #15 In ska;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13: Welsh An
thracite Egg. : Cannei, $8: Kock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and Sl'J 50 t» ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kerinery Com
pany has advanced its prices and now quotes,
terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 63/ 8 c; Dry Granulated, 68,4 c;
Confectioners' A. 6^sc: .Magnolia A, syno; Kxtra
C, sc: Golden C, 4%c: half-barrels, y^c more
than barrels, and boxes yjiC more. •
SYKUP-Goiaen, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
V gaL . -
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: |
BEEF— Kirst quality, sy2c; second quality,
4\<2(g,sc: third do. 3i/ 2 @4c # tb.
KALi— Large, s@6c: small, (j@7c i* !b.
Ml"l TON — Wethers, 6c; Ewes, 6y 3 c 9 tb.
LAMB-Spring Lamb. 7c '?>• tb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 33.ic %i Ib for large and 4c
for small ; dressed do, sy 2^tii/ic ~$ Ib.
RECEIPTS OF INTEIUOU PRODUCE
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks 3. 3o4lC'heese. ctls. 196
Wheat, ctle 4,670 Eggs, doz... 16,020
Barley, ct1i. ....... Quicksilver, daslu 100
Brant, slca. '.'.<!• l.nilier. roUs.... M 362
Potatoe*. ales. 390 Hides, no 40
Oregon 9 55! Pelts. Dd15.. ............
Hay, tons. 4'_'3.Wool. bis 671
Straw, tons 51 Wine, 8ai5....... 29,300
Middlings, 5in..... 890 Brandy, gals. 600
Brno, ska 1,732 Lumber, M feet... 10
Butter, ctls 333'
THE STOCK MAEEET.
Occidental Con. was the strong stock yesterday,
Belling ui> to $1 on the first call, but subsequently
declining to 85c after the afternoon call. Bulwer
fell back to 20c, the election being over. The lead
ing northenders were weaker. Yellow Jacket ad
vanced to 37c, but fell back. The assessment on
Potosi weakened that stock from 36c to 27c.
On the Bond Kxrhange the feeling in all local
securities whs strong.
I'otosi is assessed "20r.
The Seg. Belcher assessment falls delinquent in
bourd and the Bodie Con. assessment in office to
day.
Ueorge K. Hogg, mining expert in the employ of
the Gold Mining Exchange, has been upending
some days In West Point, Calaveras County, ex
amining the Loekwood Con. (ioid Mining Com
pany's claims. It is expected that the property
will be listed on the exchange if the expert re
ports favorably.
Intil a short time ago the Lockwood was a divi
dend-payer for months. Quite a large body of ore
has been developed lately, and upon the erection
of chlorination works, which are in contemplation,
dividends may be again resumed. Ihe property Is
fully equipped with hoisting works, buildings,
mill, etc.
West Point, though but little known, contains
some of the best mines in the State, such as the
Blazing Stur. Klverside, Hurley mine. Scorpion,
Manachee, >oap 1-too: and Kelsey. The ore of the
district is high-grade sulphuretted ore.
At a special meeting of the «.>old Mining Ex
change the membership was extended to sixty,
which will admit ten more members at $'250
The usual quarterly dividend of 81 50 per share
will be paid by the Nevada Bank on the 15ih.
The ore output of the :~egrrgated Belcher mine
for the past week was 17 mining carloads, the
average top car sample assay of which was $22 21
per ton.
In the Confidence mine prospecting from the
end of the north drift, 60 fert above the surface
tunnel, is still going on. There was extracted dur
ing the past week and stored in the orehouse at the
mine six mining carloads of ore, the average top
sample assay of which assayed $'26 77.
In the Overman mine the usual prospecting work
is being dou<\ For the past week 5 tons of ore, as-
Raying $15 per ton, was extracted from the north
drift on the 900 level.
The joint Confidence, Challenge and Imperial
west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel is out 479
feet. The face is in porphyry.
In the Crown Point mine they have started a
raise from the south drift on the 700 level and are
up one set of timbers. The top Is ail in quartz as
saying from $3 to $4 per ton. There is no change
in the oilier workings of the mine.
The yield of the belcher mine for the past week
was twenty-one mining-car loads of ore, the aver
age top car sample assay of which was *19 36 per
ton. They shipped to the Brunswick mill for re
duction 336 ions and 1360 pounds of accumulated
ore, the average battery sample of which, so far as
worked, is $23 per ton. The bullion returns will
be received next week.
In the Savage mine the usual prospecting work
is being done on the 850 and 950 levels, and
streaks and bunches of fair-grade ore are being en
countered. During the past week they hoisted 36
carloads of ore, the average car ' sample assay of
which was $23 '20 per ton. ■-•' - "■■■">' •
In the Bodle Consolidated mine the usual
progress was made in the various openings On the
'200 and 300 levels, where prospecting for ore is
going on. The west crosscut from the south drift
j on the 200 level shows 10 inches of low-grade ore.
lii the upraise from the north drift on the same
level there is a width of 2 feel of low-grade ore.
In the Mono mine the east crosscut on the 400
level is in soft porphyry. No work is being done
in other parts of the mine. ' -. ■
In the Bulwer Consolidated mine there is no
change in the slope of the Buiwer tunnel level.
The stope above the north drift from crosscut ? on
the 200 level is yielding a small quantity of . good
ore, nine tons, of an average value of $27, having
been extracted during the past week.
BOAItD SACKS.
Following were the sales in th 9 Ban Fnnclica
Btocit Board yesterday:
BEGULAB MORNING SESSION COVMESCKJe 9:30.
200 A10ha.....0«200 Cn011ar....44 300 Ophir .1 10
100 Aim 09 500 CC&V . . 1.70 500 . . .... . 1.05
100 B<fc J5....52 300 O <fcC 23 100 0vrmn....10
100 61 1300 Occidlll.oo 400 Potosi .....38
100 ChalliiK. .'24 tiOO .... ....99 50 V Jackt...33
AFTKRXOON SESSION— 2:3O.
100 Alia OR 100 C P0int... 35,700 Poto«l .....31
200 Ande5....27 SOOU & C... '23 100 Seg 8e1....03
100 8e1cner...42 100 U<£M... 1.30200 « Nev .. 60
100 431350 0ccidt1.... 94 100 Uni0n. ...55
600 Ch011ar... .431100 ..:.... 96,100 Utah..;. 05
400 421200 0vrmn... .111200 V Jackt...34
Following went tne sains in tha Pacltta Stoslt
Board yesterday; '"
REurr.AR session— lo:3u.'. ' \ ; ;':";'■>
200 Alpha.:. 06 150 Conn 78 850 Ophlr... 1.05
600 A1ia..... 09 500 Crwn Pt...43 100 0vrmn....09
200 Ande5. ...27 *00 ....»:.. 44 800 Pokhl 30
600 .26 200 Kxcnqr... o4 400 .:..... .....32
450 Belcher... 40 600 O <fc C. ....23 200 Savage.... 33
200 .. ....4240.) H<ttN...l.So JOOO :>corplono3
200 ............43 300 Julia ...04 260 s M...04
300 B&B.. 61,200 Justice.. . .o7lßoo "S Nev...«o
800 Ca!eda....O6 400 Kentuck..o4|loooail 11U1..01
I 200 C)ial!ti ...24200 Mexican. .4H "200 Unioa C...55
; 700 Ch0nar....43'600.... ........ 42 900 ............64
800 CC*V 300 Occid 96 300 Utah... 05
1200 ........ 1.70:300 .... ...... 96 800 V JMKM..S3
300 ConN V ...02 1000 ....... 98300 .. ......... 34
200 031200.. 87 I
'« . ':V ■ AFTKBNOOJI- SESSION— 2:3O. -
200 AJtft,. 0f»200 Cha11n8e..25;300 Occd. 98
200 Andes.... 26 450 CC*V... 1.70500 ..92
900 8e1cher....43 150 Confl .....76300 ...90
"00 42 200 C Point.... 35400 .....88
«00 „...'...... 41 600 ...... 34 200 ..87
200 B<t B 51 800 OAC 23 200 86
400 ■.;....„.. ..60400 ............22|400 Potost 30
300 48 400 HAN... 1.30 400 29
100 Bodie 31 1200 ...... 1.271/2 300 Savage... .32
1400 Bullion ..05'200Kentck....03 9:>o B Nev 59
100 8u1wer...,21 300 Mexican..42 bOO Union.
300 Ch011ar...42 200 M0n0.... .1111200 Utah ...05
£ 00 -• 1200 Ophlr..l.os'lOOOYJacket3s
3°l| •— ■ 41200 0vrmn....09 400 36
400 ........... .40| I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
'.'-,' THURSDAY, April -4 p.m.
- . Biri.AH"<\ Bid.Alktd.
*'PD» C0tJ..... 06 07 Jackson. 40 —
f Il «.. 08 09|Julia 04 05
£ nde » .- 26 27 Justice .06 08
g« lc "er .41 4VJißentucK. — 05
west £ Belcner. 48 50. Lady Wash.... — 06
Bod «c... :...;.. 33 -Mexican _ 39 41
Bullion.. .«..._ 05 06Mono . ... 11 12
JSnlw«r m — 19 Nevada — 05
Caledonia...... 03 05 denial 85 87
Challenge Con. 25 27,Uphir 1.00 1.05
J' hol| > 39 41 overman 10 11
Con.CM.4 Va. 1.65 1.70 l'otosk ~ 27 28
ton. Imperial. 01 02!bav»ire . 32 33
Confidence 78 80 S-eg. Belcher... 03 04
Con.NewYorit - 04 Hierra -Nevad*, 58 69
Crown Point... 33 35 Scorpion ... 03 05
tastHierraN«w — 04 Silver Hill ... 01 02
Kxchequer..... 04 05 Syndicate...... 01 02
turekacon.... — 25 Union Con 54 55 !
OuIU & Curry. 22 23Ltah _ 06
H&ledcNorcr>.l.2s 1.30 : Yellow Jacket. 33 34
I GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
250 Amalle 185 Kennedy....
» 6 « 1 90 Asked 1600
50 180 60 Keystone 65 00
■■• Champion 100 Lochman 32
Bid 001200 31
500 Grant , 28 200 Providence 85 00
2 «0- ~ 29 1300 Savannah 32
30100 31
15 °0...... 100 „ 33
Kennedy 200 Thorpe 90
Bid.. 1400 100 88
LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 50 San Francisco Ga5..:..... ; 83 00
STOCK AND KOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. 4.prU 9-2 p. it
rXITKIi STATKB BONUS.
Sid. A iked. Bid. A i feed.
D 8 «s c0up. .10814 — u8 4s re«...108i/4 —
Do, new 15...116i,*j117y2
MlKOK.r.r.A.NKorrs BONTD^.
Cal.stCbless.ll 1 .i 2 114 Do. 2d IBS 6s. — _
Cal ElecL6s.Ho — I P <feO Ry 6s. 105 120
CntraCWsa. 92 95 P&Chßv6s. - 107
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RRBi. — 116V2
B:dsnLAP6s.lll - Reno.WLAL - 105 /2
141HKR81 — 105 i/ 2 'KlverW Co 6» — 100
Oearv-stßss. 100y 2 103 It-actor A 100 102*4
LoaAnKL6s. - 101 6F*NPRRS»IOIB / 4102
Do,unted.6.i. - 104 bPRRAri*«» - 94
llkt-stCbleßsl23 - BPRRCaI6s.. 107V4 —
poßyConss..lo63' 107 !bPrfHCalas_ - —
v- C gU7s - "'•'* «««'H|S» I BrKCal6s. 95% 98
PC R 6s. 103 09 SVWater6s.. - J 19%
x'S 7 Cal 6s. - 105 «VWater4s.- 99% 8» 7 /«
NHyLal6s. — - lstktn(iAE6» — lOOVa
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104% SunstT&T6s. 100 -
Do. !l las 6s. 103 14 - Uer-stßss.llO —
p m ?J b n?. 6 -?" 1181 /2119 ViaaliaWCti* - »J
racKollM6s- — — |
WATER STOCK*.
Contra Coata 35 38 Ban Jose 75 100
MarlnCo.... 4a _ |KprlngVaUey 100'!/3l003^
FAB KTill'K-i.
(>p1taj....... _ 39 7/ 8 Pacific Light. 44. 45y
« • nt J»» •••-.. PS — Kanrrancsco 84 —
OaItGLAH. G2l/4 52y 3 Stockton..... — 2iy
PacUaslmp. 82 Vi 82 v£j '
INSUH v.Nfll STOCKS.
FiremansFd.l7o 180 |Sun 40 _
COMMERCIAL BANK BTO"K^.
AmerBATC. — — lLondonPAA. — 182 V, .
Anglo-Cal... - 60 London&SJF. — 27Vi
Bank of Ca1.. 236 240 Merch Ex.... 13 1 -^
CaISDATCo.. — 57-'>4 Nevada '.-.— —
First Natlonl. 178 182 1 ■, Bather boo. — —
Grangers.... — — j
•AVTKei BANK BTOCKI
I GerSALCo..I4IO 1460 Bav&Loaa.. — 101
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security. — 260
Mutual 37y a 40 Dnion Trust. — 820
tit SavUnlon — 490
BTRKHT RAILROAD STOCK 1 ?.
California.... 108 — jOak.SL&Hay — 100
Oeary-st 60 T- % Presidio — 9
Market-as..- 47y 2 476/B Sutter-ac — —
l'U\Vii..il STOJKt.
Atlantic D... 16 16y« Judson....._ — —
California.... — 98 Vlgonu — 1
tilaau 18 19 I
MISCEI.I,AN'KOIT<« sTonr<«.
Alaska Pkrs. 90 94 OceanlcSSCo 22 25
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — |Fac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDoclc — — PacIANCo. — SO
Edison Llgb.il 05 107 y 2 Pac Roll MIU 29y, 42%
GasConAssn. — — ParfPaintC* 6 7V%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iPacTransCo. — 24
HawCASCo_ 20 20y 8 PacT A 6434 70
HntchSPCa. 19 19y 2 BunsetTAT.. 41 — \
Judsonilfga — — .United CO*. — 26
MerKxAssnlOO 110 I
IfORNIVI BK«STOV.
Board-10 S F Gaslight, 8384; 60 8 V Water,
100%: $7000 S V 4% Bonds, 99 8 .
AFTERNOON" itgHinv.
Board— so Hutchinson S v Co. 19 1 10 Market
st Railway. 47Vsi: 50 do, 47%; 100 Oakland Gas,
62 Vi; 10 Oceanic S. S. Co, 21: 10 do, 22 2 : 10 F
Gaslight, 34; 50 do, 841/4: 20 X V Water, lOO^i
ssooo SFA N P Railway Bonds, 1013/ 4 . •
Street— 3o S V Water, 100%.
THE CALL CALEXDAB.
a pui i.. 1896.
Mo.;
\V.
Th.
2
! /fSLast Quarter.
;*_•»_-/-;! April 4.
I 9
10
11 I
©New Moon.
April j.
12
14 15
21 | 22
28 i 29
i 16 i
17
18
•
3 First Quart'
April 2
19
23
25
I 30 j
I f~* Full Moon.
'-> April 27
OttAJi STKAMtI{\
D»t«« of T>«parture irorn San Francisco.
STKANfKR. I IJ^rsTIXATIOX I
sail*.
| rim.
Areata...... I Coos Bay
Empire I Portland
Banta Koaa.. I Ban Dleeo
Pomona Hnmboldtßay
Coos 8ay.... [Mexico ..
State of Cai I Portland
■t Pau1...... Newport ......
Acapulco.... ! Panama
Umatilla.... Vie A Pgt Hnd
Sunol.'. Grays Harbor.
Corona Can Die.o
Weeott Eel River
Arano Coos 8ay......
Rio Janeiro. ! China A Japan
raraiion j i aoulna Bay..
Eureka Newport
j Apr 10. Bam Pier IS
April, spm Pier 1 3
Aprll.llAM Pier 11
April. 2FM<Pler9
Apr 12.1 (ia if Pier 11
Apr 13,10 am Pier 24
Aurl3. 9am Pier ll
Apr 14,12 M PMSS
Apr 14. 9am Pier 9
Apr 15. 4pm i Pier 2
Apr 15.11 am i Pier 11
I Apr 15. 9am 1 Pier 13
Apr 16.10 am j Pier 13
Apr 16. _F_t|P M s
Apr 17, 9am Pier 2
I Apr 17, 9am ■ Pier 11
BTKAJIEKS TO AIIUIVK.
Steam lea . I
Pomona.
Truclcee
Umatilla
State of Ca1.....
-tram .........
City or Everett
Empire..........
Progreso '.;
Zealandla
Costa Rica
sunol
Wee0tt..........
San Mate 0......
Corona
Washtenaw.....
Araco.
Kureaa ......
Crescent City. . .
City or Pueoia..
Queen.;.;.......
South Coast.....
Farallon ........
. North Pore..'..,
Alice Blancnard
Del N0rte.......
Banta Kosa.
Gaelic
San J05e... ......
Humboldt Bay
Tillamook
Victoria A Pu.et Sound
Portland..;
Newport.
Nanaimo ,
Portland.
Seattle..
Panama....'..............
Departure Bay
Grays Harbor.
Eel River....
Comox
San Dieg0.........
Panama ....;.
Coos 8ay ...... ..........
Newport.....
Crescent, Oily-. .........
Victoria A Puget Sound
P0rt1and..........
Portland ■-..;.......
Yaoulna 8ay .....; ......
Humboldt Bay
Portland....;..
Grays llaroor
Han Diego-.... ..
China and Japan...;....
Panama.;.
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
. Apr 10
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 13
..Apr 13
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 15
..Aor 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
■ ■ Apr IS
SUN. MOON AND Til)*;.
V. 8. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tidki !
. Bplt.ktin Published by Official >
authority of THE suphrixtkndknt. )
Friday, April 10.
Sun rises ">.40 Moon rises 4.17 am
Sun sets 0.43 1 Moon sets
April-1896.
Time
|_Tw;
!_____. Feet
|H \V| ' '
| Time
I L , w
Time
jII W !
11
1.
13
14
4.64
6.16
5.50!
6. 27 1
H W
I 1.6 10..9! 4.7 i 4.11
1.2 11.101 4.6 4.39
I 0.9 11.53 4.2 5.06
I 0.6 j 12.38 1 4.0 6.34
I 0.3 1 1.25! *}.« 6.01
| Feet ; L W I Feet 111 W
I ' 5.0! 7.06! 0.0; 2.17
I 6.1 7.48 —0.1 3.20
0.4 10.38 4.6
0.7 10.57 4fl
1.0 11.19! 4.7
1.2 .11.40! 4.5
-.- ...... .-.
Feet L Feet
3.4 6.30 1.9
3.0 7.10 2.2
15
16
o.'
Sote— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are elven in the left bund
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence »s to time. The second time
coin nin gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast 9urvey
Charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlv*
from the depth eiven by ihe charm
UVUIiOuIvAPIIIO BL;L.L.I£TA>.
liKANL II HYDROGRAPHIC OFFICE, 0. 3. H. ■» \,
:. '■ ■ , •• Mkrchants' . EXCHANBB. ■ •' ',■ ■* >• ; '.-•
- ■ - - ;'. . San Francisco. April 9. 189rt. -■) . "
- The ' time ' ball on ■ Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon ' of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. v., Greenwich time.
'/JUUiL'.' ■' • •■ ■•■'. ■'.. A. F. Fechtelks,
, ■ - ■ Lieutenant U. S. N» la charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGtINCK.
Arrivert.
THURSDAY, April 9.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 131/, hours frm Moss Land
ing and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins &
Co.
stmr Santtt Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours fm San
Diugo, etc: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins £
Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 16 hours from Men
docino, etc; pass and mdse, to Meudocmo Lumber
Co.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Russell, IB
days S hours from Yokohama; pass and nidse, to
Pacific Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 16 hours from Caspar;
340 Mft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co. Up river
direct.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 55 hours from New
port: ballast, to Samuel Blair.
Stmr Muriposa, Hayward, 24 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 days 17 l ; hours; pass and
nidse. to J 1) Spreckela A Bros Co.
Krig J D Spreckels, Christiansen, 17 days from
Mahukona: stiear, to J I) Spreckels A Bros" Co.
Schr Annie Gee. Pearson, 11 days from Port
land: lumber, to W A Dwight.
Sihr American Girl, Weitskat, Bi/> days from
Grays Harbor; M ft lumber, to S H Harmon
Lv m ber Co.
SchrMelancthon, Peasley. 8V 2 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co. : ••
Schr Eliza Miller, Chrisilcnsen, 7 days from
Coos Bay: 200 M ft lumber, to E B Dean it Co.
Schr Sparrow, Dart. 6 days from Eureka;
lumber, to Preston & McKinnon.
Scbr Ocean Spray, Nelson, 24 hours from Iver
sons Landing; 95 eds wood, to N Iversen.
Oieaifis.
THURSDAY. April 9.
Bark Theobald, Swan, Cooks Inlet; North Paci
fic Mining and Trading Co.
(tailed.
THURSDAY. April 9.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria md Port
Townsend.
Stmr Kureka, Leland, San Pedro.
j Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson. ,
Stmr Noyo, .Levinson, Fort Bragg.
Bark Enoch Taibot, Johnson.
Bktn Retriever, Bogan, PortHadlock.
Schr O M Kellogg. Iversen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Beulah, Johnson, Port Blakeley.
Schr Laura May, Hanseu.
Tolej»r»plilo.
POINT LOBOS. Anril 9-10 p. — Weather
cloudy: wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
Cbar< .
The Ger ship Altair loads wheat for Europe, 26s
3d— ls 3d less direct— August loading.
The brig Geneva loads mdse for Kahului.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, Apr 9— ship Cadzow Forest has
been posted at Lloyds as missing.
I>oine«tio Ports.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 9-Brbark Lorton, for
Buenos Ayres: stmr Signal, for Puget Sound; bark
Vidette. ior Redondo; stmr George W Elder, for
San Francisco.
WESTPOKT— Arrived Apr 9-Schr Moro, hence
Apr 7. ;.'-,-'
USAL— Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Apr 8. 
MENDOCINO-Sailed Apr 9-Schr Nettie Sund
borg.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Apr 8-Schr Emma Utter,
for Coos Bay; schr Hane;or, for Port Gamble; schr
Meteor, for Puget Sound; schr C A Thayer, for
Grays Harbor.'
Arrived Apr B— Stmr National City, hence Apr 6.
BOWENB LANDlNG— Arrived Apr 8-Schr
Newark, hence Apr 8-
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Navarro,
hence Apr 8.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived Apr 9-Schr Okano
gan, hence Apr 4.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Farallon, hnc
Apr 8.
Sailed Apr 9— Stmr Farallon, for Yaqulna Bay;
stmr TillamooK; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
POUT BLAKELEY- Arrived Apt 9-Schr Re
porter, from San Pedro.
Foreign Ports.
NANAlMO— Arrived Apr B— Bark Gen Falrchild
hence Mar 31.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 8-Brship Star
of Bengal, from Santa Rosalia.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Mar 13— Brschi Agnes
McDonald, from Victoria. Mar 16— Br schr Casco,
from Victoria; Br schr Umbria, from Victoria.
Mar 17— Brscbr Katherine, from Victoria. Mar
18— Br schr Allie 1 Aluer, from Victoria; Brschr
Sadie Tup from Victoria. Mar 19— Br schr
Otto, from Victoria. Mar 20— Br schr Ocean Belle
from Victoria.
Sailed Mar 10— Schr Diana, for sealing cruise.
Mar 13- Schr H U Merrill, for sealing cruise. Mar
14— Sclir Willant Ainsworth. :or scaling cruise.
Mar 15— Schr Klsi<\ ior scalme cruise. Mar 17—
Br schr Geneva, for sealing cruise. Mar 19— Schr
Casco, for sealing cruise; Br schr Allie I Alsjer, for
sealing cruise. Mar 21 — Br schr B^realis, for seal
ing cruise. Mar 2a— Br schr Umbriana, for seal-
Ins: cruise.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Apr 4-Br ship
Bermuda, for San Diego. Feh 15— Br bark Morven
for San Francisco. Feh 18— Hr bark Inverna, for
San Francisco. Fob la— Br shin Sir Robert Fer
nio, lor San Francisco. Fob 25— Br bark Corolla,
for Honolulu. Feb 27— Bark Sea King, for Hono
lulu. Mar 6 — Bktn .lane L Stanford for Honolulu;
Mar 10— Bark Sonoma, for Honolulu. Mar 11 —
Brbark Jessie Osborne. tor Honolulu; Br snip
Metropolis, for San Diego.
In port Mar 16— Bark Carondele:, for San Fran
cisco; Br ship Carradale, for Sau Diego; Ger bark
Castor, for Mazntlan; Brship Duns/re, for Port
Los Angeles; 15r haiK Earlscourt, for Portland: Br
ship Jessomene. for San Diego; Brship Kelburn,
lor San Francisco; Br ship Pori Caledonia, for San
Francisco.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Br hark
Bermuda, for San Diego; l;al ship Cavaliere
Ciampa, for San Francisco: Ger ship Christine, for
Ban Francisco; Brbark Clydesdale, for Portland;
Br bark Dochra, for Portland; Nlc bark lioininion,
for Sun Francisco: Br ship Hurt liehi. for Portland;
bark Highland Light, for San Francisco: Haw ship
John Kna, for San Fraucisco: Brbark Koscnlsko,
or Honolulu; Haw bark Mauna Ala, for Hono
lulu; bark Palmyra, for San Francisco; Br ship
Port Ixiaan, for San Diego; bktn Robert Sudden,
for Honolulu; Brship Sprtngbont, for San Fran
cisco: Br ship Windermere, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY' — Sailed Fete 18— Bark Seniinole, for
San Francisco. Mar 6— Brship Cardiganshire, for
San Francisco.
In port Mar 16— Gership Christine, for San Fran
cisco, via Newcastle, NSW; Haw ship John Ena,
for San Krancisco, via Newcastle, NSW: Br bark
Kosciusko, for Honolulu, via Newcastle, NSW;
bark Snow and Burgess, for S;ui • raucisco.
Arrived Mar 2 — Ger ship Christine, hence .fun 3.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Feb 25— Nic bark Do
minion from Port Hadlock.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 35— Br stmrAsloun.
from Portland. Mar 27— Bark Albert, hence Mar
7; bark Kate Davenport troni Departure Bay ;
bktn C C Funk, from sea. Mar '28— Br stmr Belgic
hence Mar 21: Haw bark Andrew Welch, hence
Mar 7. Mur 'J9— Bark Mntilda, from Port Blake
ley. April 2— Bktn EMcagit, irom Port Gamble:
Haw bark R P Rithet, hence Mar 14.
Sailed Mar Jl— Stmr Australia, for San Fran
cisco. M;tr '24— Ger bark Orient, for Hongkous:
bktu C C i'unk, for Kahului: bktn Archer, for sari
Francisco. Mar 25— Brstnir Asloun, for Hong
kong. Mar 26— Schr Carrier Dove, for San 1- rail-
Cisco. Mar 29— Br stmr Belgic, for Honskong.
Mar 31— Ship Koniiwonh, for New York: ship J B
Brown, for Port Townsend: Ger bark H Hackfeld,
for Laysan Islands; bktn C C Funk, for Kuhului!
HlLO— Arrived Mar 30— Bark Annie Johnson,
hence Mar 10. Mar 29— Brig Conauelo, hence Mar
12.
Movements of Tr:m«- At in Steamer* .
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Schiedam,
from Amsterdam: stmr Germanic, from Liver
pool : stmr Jl ailo, from Bremen.
Sailed Apr 9— Sttnr Fuerst Bismarck, for Ham
burg.
NAPLES— Arrived out Apr 9— Stmr Ems
BKEJIERHAVE.N- Arrived out Apr 9-Stmr
Aller.
ROTTERDAM— out Apr B— Stmr Werk
dam.
GENOA— Sailed Apr 9— Stmr Fulda, for New
York.
BKOWIIEAD— Passed ADr 9— 3tmr Britannic,
from New York, for Liverpool.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Apr 9-Slmr Veen
dam, from Rotterdam, for Now York.
Stmr Geo. Loomis, Briagett, 36 hours from Ven
tura; oil, to Union Oil Co. Up river direct.
Importation?.
I SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— 33 kegs 3 bxs
spikes. 1 os stationery, 4 kegs Kin, 1 coil B wire
18 sks tailings, lbx drugs, Ibx shirts 2l6 cshonev '
1 lot household furniture, 7 bdls dried fish, 1 bx '
violins, 5 pkgs mdse. 1 bx plants, 247 bxs lemons
1 bbl olives, 1 bx, clothing, 1 sk beeswax, 5 ska
copper, 4 sks zinc, 171 sks Abalone shells, 42 sks !
abalone meat, 4 pcs granite, 384 bxs oranges. 9 bxs I
butter. 3 cs dry goods. 2 nxs fruit, 6 cs chtese, 1 bbl
wine ,6 bxs type, 23 bdis fish, 15 cs maple syrup
SANTA BARBARA— Ics cigars, 1 bx Photo j
goods, 2 bxs butter, 40 bxs lemons, 1 bx oranges 1 ■
bdl sacks, 15 sks crawfish, 1 pkg mdse.
• LOS ANGELES— 2 bbls wine. Ics whiskey, 264
bxs oranges, H7 sks corn, 115 bxs lemons.
Kedotxlo— ls pkgs m.lse. 3 bxs limes. 548 bdls
bides, 231bxs oranges, 99 bxs lemons. • .
Los Angeles via Kedondo— 2o cs chocolate 1 crt
earthenware,3 pkgs mdse, 4 tierces, 25 hf bbls 6s cs
lard, 4 bxs oranges. 2 crts drugs, 1 cs mdse.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— cs boots and
shoes, 34 bxs oranges, 9 bxs lard, 1 bx press 1 bbl
whisky, 6 csks 4 ht.ls 3 bxs 1 tierce glassware SI crtrl '
bikes, 14 pkes gas fixtures. -'4 sks beans, 111 sks dr
apricots, 6 cs hardware, '£ hf bbls rum, 2 bbls pitch
1 pkgs mdse. . v . v l • |
Port Harford— 2 eps poultry. 50 cs eggs, 55 tubs
207 bx butter, 1 cp turkeys, 11 cp chickens 30 dr
calves, 22 cs cheese. 1 cs b powder 1 cs bra
goods, sbx fish, 3 pkg hats, 1 bdl hides, i plow
beam, 1 cs lard. - y . "'
YOKOHAMA-Per City of Rio de Janeiro-6572
pkgs matting, 18 pkgs^llk goods, 4 tikes parcel <■
155 pksrs curios, 64 pKgs tea, 1020 pkgs rice, 718
For overland -« I pkgs silk goods, 4 pkgs parcels,
17 pkgs curios. 32 pkgs raw silk, 36 pkgs mdse.
goSs.30 e 3pK- l g S a nfd S !? AlDeriCa - 2 «*■—"*.
■ .MONTEREY— Per stmr Gipsy-4 Ddls hides, 4
bx cheese,.
Moss Landing— 2 cs eggs. '
ir Salinas— ll pkgs bottles.
Santa Cruz- 35 cs cheese, 7 bxs butter, 24 rolls
?.VwT-'i cs ''F B ' Ibx 1" uil - 600 ° b »ls "me.
POINT AKKNA-Perstmr Point Arena-90 bxs
butter. 2 cs eggs, 4 sks asphaltum, 5 pkgs mdse,
4 sks peas, 1 1) calf, 24 eds stave bolts.
■* Mendoclno— l bx chickens, 1 pkg mdse, 154,502
ft lumber.
I.itile Uiver— 5 sks abalones, 1 bx tinware, 1 pc
redwood.
SYDXEY-PerMariposa— 68 bis fiirskins. 606
Dars lead, 59 bars tin, 35 drums glycerine, 32
empty cylinders. 8 bass seed. 'J csks pelts. 15 bis
glue pieces. 8 bts leather. 3 cs books.
Auckland— HZ sks kauri sum, '11 en kauri gum,
101 bales wool. 8 cs metal polish.
Uo:io!ulu-5aBO ha.es siigar. 162 bnchs bananas,
VI bags coffee, ltics tomatoes.
OoiiHi2nefl4.
Per Santa Rosa— G H Young & Co: American
Type Foundry; J W Wallace; Thos Day & Co-
Baas, Baruch <fc Co; Wellman, I'eck <fe Co; Stan
dard Oil Co: C W Craig: J G Cox; Gray & Bar-
Dieri; A J Hartness; Kedington <fc Co; eitauffer
Cnem Works; : Cerf, Bchlow & Co: Pacific Am
monia and Chem Works: Johnson-Locke fl M Co.
Kissinger & Co: DE Allison * Co: \Vood, Curtis
& Co; S C Fruit Co; W W Jones: Claude* I- ack.
L Scatena A Co; Hills. Bros: FT Kno^es; Gold
berg. Bowen * Co: M O Greenhood^ O B mth A
Co; Greenbaum, Weil A Michaels; W F Mitchell:
Wood, Curtis .t Co; Tacoma Con Co: L Scatena .
1 inkenspiel & Sons; American Press Assn. Mr
Freitas; 3 P Thomas; Western Union I"el to. \v
A Monroe: Risenberg Bros A Co: Dunham, ( arrl
gan & Haj-den Co; Washburn-Moen Mnfg Co;
Miller, slosi & Sco:: : Lev! Strauss Co; American
Union Fish Co: Wheaton. Breon * to: CX Whit
ney & Co: Labor Exchange; Hilmer. Brodboff *
( o: Witzel A Baker; Dodge, Sweeney & Co: Louis
Kieine & Co: De Bernard! A Co; Brigham. Hoppe
<fc Co; Hills Bros: II Heckman «tco; Marshall,
Teggert »fe Co; Rellly, Watson <fc Co; 8 Levy & Co:
A rallies; Dalton Bros: Jonas, Erlanger & Co: H
Dotard; D E Allison; Western Meat Co; Getz Bros;
L D stone & Co; Baker A Hamilton: J M Moore:
Norton Teller it Co; Lernoine A Co; F B Halght;
J m Moore; 11 Kirschman: G G Wickson; Hey
wood Bros; Washington Mnfg Co; A Pala-lini: O
Camilloni; J O Jlanseu; I) Biairl: Voss & Brossey.
Per City of Rio tie Janeiro— l*arro:t & Co; Daniel
Meyer- Domoto Co; A 0 Roolnson: Brown Bros
& Co; J O Blancbard; M J Brandenstein ; 1 ai and
Janan Trading Co; Hooper A Jennings; W Kotn;
II p Lewis; Macondry Bros & Co; Chinese * Jap
anese merchants.
Per Point ■ rena- Wilson <ft Baecht'l : Ross A
Hewlett; Union -Lumber Co;- Dairymen's Union;
Kholfl's & Gerdan: Norton Teller A Co; Wheaton,
Breon & CD; r' B Haielit: J T Brenan; Seegelken
A Buckn-r: Standard Oil Co: A Newfield; Ballard
it Hall; Sherman, Clay «S Co: 8 Sorenson: Hey
man .v Mayer; James Hair: J Terltelsen; Mendo
cino Lumber Co; Captain J Krickson; seller Bros;
Per Gipsy- Arctic Oil Works: Standard Oil Co;
Cal Bottling Co: J Ivancovich 6 Co: Gray & Bar
bieri- L G Sresovii'h A. 1o; Bissinger «bCo; Hil
mer,"Bredhoff A- Schulz; W F Mitchell it Co; Nor
ton Teller & Co; Dairymen's Union: \V heaton.
Brt'on it Co; Hills Bros: FWApplarlus: li H T
Jackson: Cal Tallow Works; Dodge, Sweeney A
Co: Iron Tanning Co: Harrington Bros; H towell
»Per'Mnriposa-.T D Spreckels A Bros Co: George
Herrman; Willamette Pulp A Paper Co: W L. on
&Co; Wells, Fargo Co: Garcia* Magginl; A V
Hopke; Buckingham, HecUt & Co: Anglo-Califor
nia Bunk: Chluda * Flack; L O Sresovich A Co;
Williams, Dimond A Co: M D Vanvalis; Reuben
Tucker; order.
For r.ni>- ShxpptnC IMelUgenet Bet Fiffnth Pag*.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPMI
CUT_RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Clns« $8.00
Beoonci Class -dBOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— Hew Montgomery Street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
General Agent* .
ASTORIA AIfPORTLANII
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 8 and 18
fctateof California satis April 13 and '23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Genl. Snpts.
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
__ ■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAJI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >fr*Sl
Ll Broadway wharf, San Francisco, a* mSSSX
follows:
lor Mary Island, Lori nit. Wrangel. Juneau, XII-
i lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at » A . if., April 14
29, May 14. jf».
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortos andNev*
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 am.
April 4. 9. 14, Hi, 24. -J9. and every fifth
day tnereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. lt_
at Seattle with G. ST. Ky., at Port Townsend witS
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. A rcata and Fields Landing (Han*
boldt, Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it.. April A. 7. 11
15. 19. 2.1. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, CavucM,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, San 4
Barbara. Ventura, Huenemc. San Pedro. East Sao
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Apn
1. 9.9, 13, 17, '21,25, 29 and every tourttt da*
thereafter. • '
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. M.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27. and
»very fourth day thereafter.
For Knsfiiada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. M.. April 5.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*,
10 Market st. Sag Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, fL*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, O cv
AUSTRALIA. \Jfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.
April 28, at 10 a. M. Special party rates.
S. S. MA KIPOSA -sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 30,
at 'i p. m.
Line toCOOLGARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN
S. Afr. J. D SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Aits..
'' * '".'■- J 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco.
— — _
COiIPAGSIE GENERAL TRA.\SATLA\TIQUE
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S (NE \V),42 WORTH jBr**\
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&J?Tt9
this line avoid both transit oy English railway itA~l
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Panj,
I lirst-class 60: s«*cond-clas3. .flltj.
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Bandelon...
| LA'BRETAGNE."CapV.*h"upe.'..f......... 8 -00 "
LA BRETAOXK. Capt. Rupe
LA BOURGOGNE," Capt. LeboeufY.V^lL^.i!.*" "
LA NORMANDiE/capt.' Deloncie^ff.'!.^..^.'*' **
- May '_', i a. M.
JKi" For further particulars apply to
_ „ _ A. FORGET, Agent,
T V fuoa^i \ Bo «; Iin X Green, New York.
nvenueJ^Frlncfsco. 0 - 5 *™S°™»
WHITE ITAR USB.
United States and Royal Mall Steamen
" " BKTWF.EN'
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVERY WKKK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD. ACCORD- nut
Ing to -(trainer an.l ftTommoflatlons £991
■elected: second cabin, $35 and R4O: Majestic aTd
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from - England. Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmaric
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from \V.H.A\ERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th»
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. «. \\-_ FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
NETHERLANDS AMERICA! STEAM lift
CATION COMPASY.
New York to Boulogne (Parla), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Balling from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
9 A. m.
Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin 545 and
j upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to all point*.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
THOMAS COOK & SON, Pacific Coast passencei
agents, 621 Market St.. S. F. r -, a *
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL a-»
fortnightly for the West Indies and *&S&£a
Southampton, calling en route at Oerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight 'and trea»-
■re to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195- ihiri
lUu 997 Ml For further particulars apply to
VABKOTT * CO., Agent.,
. 306 California at.
VALLEJO, MARE ISLAM, *BEXICIA, PORT
COSTA AM CROCKETT.
STK. BfOKTICKIXO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— 10-30 a. m.
and 4 p. x. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. M. 3-30 P M
Sunday— B p. m. *
*4 P. M. only.
Landing, Mission 1, Pier 3.
STOCRTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington n*-
At 5 P. X. Oaily, Kx,c," "^°"
SO- Accommodations Reserved by TeleDhoa.!
STEAMEK : - -
T. C. Walker. j j% »_*.«-
-« Mary Garratt, city '.f swki«.EACH TO HAVE
A LITTLE CUP
Rev. Dr. Chapman Says
the Ordinary Chalice
Is Unhealthy.
HE STARTS A REFORM.
The Congregation Received No
tice of the Change With
Unanimous Approval.
OEJECTS TO THE OLD STYLE.
Everything Is in Readiness to Cele
brate the Sacrament on the
Coming Sabbath.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.l
908 Broadway, April 9. \
Individual communk>n-cu;>s will be
used at the s«cratnent of the Market-street
Congregational Church next Sunday for
the first time. Nothing was known by me
congregation of the proposed change till
the pastor, Rev. Dr. Chapman, announced
last vii^rht at the prayer-meeting that he
bad, with the consent of the trustees, pro
. the necessary paraphernalia and
I inaugurate the innovation next
Su: day.
•lour years ago," said Dr. Chapman,
•I became convinced of the necessity,
from a hygienic point of view, of mdi
': cups, and 1 decided that whenever
1 had charge of a church I would at once
commence the new method. I spoke to
several parties about the change, and they
all agreed that the thing should be done,
but so many churches are supplied with
expensive communion services that they
objected to making the change.
"Thi« is a new church and I decided to
put my ideas into practice. I coneulted
with the trustt-esand they agreed with me,
and we at unce sent for the necessary ser
vice. Since the church opened we have
been using the old cups that we borrowed,
and 1 did not like them. We thought we
were able to procure a set of cups for our
seives, and we decided to have a healthy
-et. I have not said one word against the
oKI system, because I concluded that it
■was a subject that couid not be touched
upon until everything was ready for the
chance. Once exploited, the objections to
the old style are so definite that I cannot
conceive how anybody would use them
Again.
"At the prayer- meeting last night I told
the congregation what I had done and to
my great joy everybody accepted the
Change with marked express. ons of ap-
I Lave not heard one single word
■ test apainst the change and 1 do not
believe I ever shall.
■ 1 "he arrangement for administering the
facranieiu is very simple. All the little
.■re in the racks with a sip of the wine
in each. The rack is passed along just the
same as a collertion p^ate and each com
municant takes one. When all are served
itie prayer is -aiil and the congregation
take tne sacrament simultaneously.
"In front of every ciiair there is a little
ting. ;nto whiHi the empty cups are put.
the janitor gathers up the
hem and replares them in
the rack. A very simple syphon arrange
ir.r:;t regulates the amount put into each
cup and can be worked very speedily. By
a little pressure on a button covers fall
over t • tiers ■■>; glumes mid prevent all
particles of dust from polluting the wine.
By using four racks the wine can be dis
tributed very quickly and the whole ser
■ ice can be conducted with dignity and
quietness. There is really no objection to
the new system that 1 can think of."
Thought It Was Empty.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 9.— Herman
(.ck, the eldest son of Rev. Mr.
Steinbeck, pastor of the German Metho
<Ji-t Church on Seventeenth street, near
San Pablo, met with a serious accident
yesterday afternoon. While fooling *ith a
Eistol, which he supposed to be not loaded,
c was shot through the hand by one
Luil«t of the sixshooter which had been
overlooked. The bone was shattered by
the discharge, and the boy is quite ill
from the wounds and shock to his nervous
system.
Bongar's Estate Sued.
OAKLAND, Cat.., April 9.— Charles
Lesher has sued P. F. Benson and E. M.
Patterson, as executors of the estate
of tfi^ late Philip Boogar, for ?12C1 50 and
interest at 6 per cent from April 3,
1895, on a note dated April 30, 1891.
He also sues lor $647 additional for services
as a private detective. He was employed
by deceased to secure evidence in the di
vorce suit between Mr. and Mrs. Boogar.
Will Vote on Keincorporation.
' LIVERMORE, Cal., April The Trus
tees lan night decided to allow the ques
tion of reincorporation as a city of the
fifth class go before the people to ascertain
whether or not they desire to make the
proposed change. Under the present
charter the tax levy is limited to 50 cents,
which many feel is insufficient for a town
of this size.
Sudden Death.
GOLDEN GATE, Cal., April 9.— Mrs.
Mary Devincenzi died very unexpectedly
at her residence on Tenth street here at *1
o'clock this morning. She was taken ill
after retiring, and died before a physician
could be secured. She was a native of
Italy, aged 69 years. Coroner Baldwin
will hold an inquest to determine the
cause of death-
More Gold-Hunters.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— A party of
five young men left to-day for the Alaska
cold fields. It includes A. F. Shulte, a
young attorney; M. Wilkinson, a railroad
man; Clyde E. Puckett, a fireman; Albert
Stevenson, a Lorin barber, and a Mr.
Harding. They go straight to Cooks Inlet,
where so many Oaklanders have gone this
spring.
Burned With Oil.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9. — W. H.
Wright has sued the Pacific Coast Oil
Company for $250. He was employed as a <
Etillman at the works in Alameda and was
burned last September by oil leaking from j
the bottom of the vat. He alleges that the !
company was negligent in providing an
imperfect vat.
Moran'i Loss.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 9.— The apprais
ers placed a value 0f'547,610 on J. Y. Mo
ran's stock and allow, d him $9221 45 loss
by the fcmoke. which the insurance com
panies are settling. It took two officers to
day to fcjeptbe crowds from taking pos
session of tne store.
His Third Trial.
OAKLAND. Cal., April The third
trial of T» Michael Collins for the killing of
1 him. Boogar has been set for June 30 be
fore Judge Greene. An attempt was made
to have it go over until August, but the
court refused to allow it.
HISTORY OF A WAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
903 Broadway, April 9. )
The Artillery band of twenty-four pieces
will give its first grand ball on Saturday even
ing at Germania Hall.
Mayor Da vie and Councilman Basse have
quietly left town on a mine-inspecting tour
ana are now prospecting around the Over
mine, a property of Bassett's in Amador
County.
The Sheriff will sell the stock of goods of
Jonas Bros., together with fixtures, on Wednes
day next to satisfy claims of creditors. George
(Joettingor has a 'claim for $19,917 25 and S.
Feuchtwanger for $14,431.
The rainfall for the twenty-four hours ending
at 1 p. m. to-day, as reported by H. M. Sanborn,
mi .50 oi an Inch, making 2.29 inches for the
month and 20.96 inches for the season, as com
pared with 33.50 inches for the same date last
year.
In the case of Mrs. Alice Barstow, the Ala
nieda bicyclist who demanded $25,000 dam
aups for Being run into by an electric-car on
Santa Clara avenue, a nonsuit was granted on
the ground of the contributory negligence of
the plaintiff.
The Euterpe ladies' quartet, under the direc
tion of Professor Pasmore, will give a concert
to-morrow evening itt the First Baptist Church
for the benefit of the Young Ladies' Benevolent
•Society of East Oakland. Little Mary Pasmore
will give a violin solo.
AN EX-MARSHAL'S TROUBLES.
Saloon-Keeper Koch Charges Him With
Stealing Dig Own Gun.
PLEASANTON, Cal., April 9.—Ex-Mar
shal Donally was triea here yesterday on
the charge of stealing his own revolver,
and acquitted. The complaining witness
was J. Koch, a saloon-keeper.
It seems Donally left his revolver in
Koch's bar with the intention of raffling it
on July 1, 1895. He owed Koch $8 50 for
liquor furnished over the bar and about
.SIOO house rent. Sunday he went to the
saloon and took the guv, as it had not
been raffled. Monday Koch had him ar
rested. At the trial Koch swore he had
at Donaliy s request allowed him credit
for the value of the gtm on his drink ac
count. Donally showed this had been done
after his arrest. He now threatens to sue
Koch for false arrest.
A SHAKY CHIMNEY.
County Officials and Attorneys Fear a
Great Calamity.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— The totter
ing chimney which has been a menance at
the County Courthouse for more than two
years, swayed back and forth in the breeze
to-day in a manner that terrorized all who
had business under the shadow of the im
pending calamity. They are apprehensive
of having several tons of brick and mortar
tumble upon them at any moment, and
the prospect is not a particularly pleasant
one.
On every windy day the cracks open and
close with the gusts of wind in an ominous
manner. The Supervisors had stay rods
attached to the top and bound the broken
place with iron hoops, but these would
snap like thread if the chimney should
topple over. The Supervisors are taking
a big risk in allowing the. chimney to re
main, as the county would undoubtedly be
mulcted for heavy damages in case it fell
and killed one or more persons.
ALAMEDA UNITARIANS
Hold Their Annual Meeting in
Their Church Parlors
Wednesday.
What It Costs the City in Municipal
Wages Every Month— Effey
Will Not Speak.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 9.— The First
Unitarian Church of Alameda held its an
nual meeting last night. George E. Pium
i mer, Herman Kru«e, Frederick Maurer,
Charles L. Weller, William Banrhyto, B.
0. Brown, J. W. Farrington, R. W. Me
Chesney and Charles Peck were elected
directors. A committee was appointed to
assist the pastor in preparing ior the Uni- |
tarian conference to take place in Alameda
next week. This committee is Mrs. J. P. !
Allen, R. Frank Clark, George H. Mur- \
dock, Mrs. E. I>. Rue, Mrs. C. A. Grant
and Mrs. Jacob Browning.
The receipts of the church during the
year were ?341'0 60 and the disbursements
$3407 20. The donations were $S4B 70, the '
plate collections $445 50. The music cost
$380. There" are 7tf regular subscribers,
bat the church attendance is from 150
200. The society owes $2100 on its church '
building. During the year it paid $200 of
its mortgage and a floating debt of $552.
Uni y Circle has a membership of 73. '
It raised the sum of $593 95 by a fete held :
in November last and $125 by an enter- ■
I tair.ment given in February. All of this
money went into the general church fund,
except $H1 86. The church and its sub- ■
sidiary organizations are on the whole
I very flourishing.
Burned by Oil.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 9.— VV. H.
\Vr;ght is seeking to recover from the Pa
cifio Coast Oil Company the sum of $25u0
as damages for injuries, which he alleges i
were received in November last at the com- j
pany's works at Alameda Point. Plaintiff j
■ was a stillman, his duties being to take
; care of the stills in the refinery. He al- !
I leges that one particular vat was" defective
|in the bottom, being cracked. With the
application of the heat from the tire the
crack widened and the vat collapsing a
stream of boiling oil ran out and taking
fire burned him about the hands, face and j
body. As a result of the injuries re
ceived he was confined to his bed for five
weeks, and he alleges that besides the loss of
time his health was so injured that it will
take a long time to recover.
Another Electric-Car Accident.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 9.— Charles A.
Taylor, driver for Dr. Reynolds, met with
a bad accident last evening. Dr. Reynolds
had just alighted to see a patient at 2029
Santa Clara avenue, and Tavlor was turn
ing around and to do that had to cross the
electric-car track. One car that was com
ing he allowed to get past and then at
tempted to turn, not knowing that there
i was another immediately behind, which
was an unusual thing. The car struck the
buggy and threw the driver out, breaking
his leg. The horses were not injured, hut
the vehicle was badly used up.
How the 31 rm f y Goes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 9.— The city of j
Alameda pays in salaries every month the I
sum of $9933 55. Of this $6165 goes to the |
School Department. The expense of the j
city government for the months of Janu
ary, February and March was $60,960 66,
but this was something more than the
average because of the payment of interest j
principal on bonds and rinal payment on
the new City Hall.
Kffey Can't Come.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 9.— Word has
been received by the secretary of the Mu
nicipal Ownership League to the effect that
Mayor Effey, who was booked to address
the league to-morrow night, on municipal
ownership of water and lighting plants,
will be unable to keep his engagement.
The other features of the programme will
be carried out, however.
Street Suit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 9.— Friday is
the day set for the trial of the City of Ala
meda vs. the Perata Bros. The city sought i
to take a strip of land, sixty feet wide and
511 feet lone, to permit of the extension of
Buena Vista avenue. It fixed the value of
this strip at the rate of $2150, it being less |
than an acre. The owners refused to ac
cept the price and suit was therefore
brought to coDdenia the land. The
owners want $4000.
J. B. Darnell of Odessa, Ky., is 61 years
old, and is splitting rails, every day that
weather permits, with an iron wedge that
is over 200 years old, which hie great-grand
father brought from Scotland with him.
He hauls the rails with his mule, Katy,
which is 34 years old; he shaves once a
week with his razor, which is 42 years old,
and has a reaphook that is 45 years old.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
CO-OPERATION IS
A BIG SUCCESS.
Result of One Year's Colo
nial .Work on Winters
Island.
A PERIOD OF PROGRESS.
■
One of the Few Spots in California
Free From the Southern
Facific.
NOT WITHOUT SOME TRIALS.
B fore Another Year Passes It Is Ex
pected the Colony Wi'l Pro
duce an Income.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,(
90S Broadway, April 9. f
The annual meeting of the Winter's
Island Co-operative Society was held at
Major Howe's em'ce on San Pablo avenue
last night &nd the various reports made
show that the colony on the island is pros
pering in excess of what its promoters
anticipated.
A. .1. Gregg, president of the society,
came from Winters Island to attend the
annual meeting and his account of the
progress of events in the little common
wealth was very interesting and shows
what can be done when a system is carried
out on well-organized principles. The
society only permits of a membership of
one hundred and at the present time there
are eighty-seven stockholders, so that there
is not much opportunity for outsiders to
join.
Edwin G. Paine who, with his wife, has
only been on tne island for six weeks, sent
a communication, in which he said: "I
came to California to lind a horn' 1 . Prices
are higher tnan I expected. I investigated
many propositions and finally took up
with Winters Island. I took a month to
investigate, and when the January high
water occurred and I saw that the possi
bility of danger from floods was so small I
made up my mind. With risks no greater
than in any oth»r farming operations, and
with co-operative ineihods and perfect in
dependence of the Southern and Central
Pacific railroads, it seems reasonable to
expect profit. The profit cannot be imme
diate, but one accustomed to working for
future results and familiar with tne profits
from good soil, even by the poor farming
methods common to all new countries, can
satisfy himself that here is an investment
that will produce a living, at least, and
will also stand a comparison with life in
surance."
The co-operative principle is rigidly ad
hered to and building and planting are be
ing carried on at a lively rate. Members
can pay the assessments on their stock
with anything that a human community
can use. (Since its inception the brother
hood has accepted the personal r.otes of
members for snares, but this system has
been abandored, and now that the colone
ls on a solid footing financially the terms
of the existing agreement are being strictly
followed.
Since President Gregg went to live on the
island progress has oeen very marked.
Acres of asparagus and berries are being
sown. Very little mo*e money will have
to be put into tools. What is paid now on
assessments will be put into permanent
improvements and crops. The permanent
improvements are buildings and the ex
tension of the levee.
There have been many hardships en
dured by the pioneers of "Winters Island.
For over a year there was not a cow on the
island.
"We shall celebrate the 25th of March,"
said the president, "because on that day
of the month there was landed at our dock
a small black-and-white speckled cow. It
is one of the most useful members of the
colony. It is constantly urged that this
enterprise is not based on sentiment, but
on strictly business principles. Withal,
one can't avoid a little sentiment. The
feeling of security and rest produced by
the thought that one can soon have a
place where ho can be assured of constant,
healthy and agreeable employment, where
he will not have to go out and beg for the
privilege of working— where he will know
that he is to get the full produc; of his
labor — all this may be sentimental, but it
is very satisiactory and comforting."
The following officers were elected for
the ensuine year: A. J. Gregg, president;
Major W. O. Howe, vice-president; F. D.
Hopkins, secretary; E. Kelsey, treasurer;
E. Hough, director.
STUDENTS' EASTERN TOUR
A Good Portion of the Money
Needed for the Trip Already
Subscribed.
The Cc-Eds Assist the Athletes—Meet
ing of the Philosoph cal Union
of the University.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— The Asso
ciated Students of the State University
met to-day at 1 o'clock, and within thirty
minutes subscribed $t}oo toward the pro
posed Eastern athletic trip, or, rather,
agreed to purchase $600 worth of tickets to
the big benefit on held day, which will be
held at Central Park, May 2. The one
thing which apparently kept them from
swelling the sum was the ringing of the
gong which announced that the period
for which all the classes in the university
had been excused had expired. The meet
ing was filled with enthusiasm from be
ginning to end, and frequent outbursts of
prolonged cheers were made when the suc
cess of last year's team or the prospects of
the present one were mentioned. Presi
dent Friend of the student body, who is
also manager of the track team, addressed
the meeting, and in a few words outlined
the plans for raising money and for con
ducting the expedition.
He said that games had been arranged
with Harvard, Pennsylvania, University
of Minnesota, Union College, at Mott Ha
ven, and at the Western intercollegiate
championship in Chicago. He insisted
that the Western intercollegiate cham
pionship, which the U. 0. team won last
year, should be maintained, and he inci
dentally mentioned that the tie with
Pennsylvania must be played off, and that
a chance to see what can be done against
Harvard must be had.
Colonel Edwards ttien took the floor
amid a loud round of applause. After a
few preliminary remarks he made an ap
peal for the student* to purchase tickets to
the benefit field day and to show their
loyalty to the cause in that way rather
than in making a direct contribution for
which they would receive no return.
Among the first to speak up were the
co-ed basket-ball players, who agreed to
take twenty-five tickets. A burst of loud
and continued applause followed the an
nouncement of Manager Brownsill. Some
of the fraternities agreed to take as many
as fifty tickets, and several private indi
viduals came in for twenty-rive. By the
close of the hour $t}oo had been promised.
Another meeting will be held next week,
when a further sale of tickets is expected
to be made.
The itinerary of the team and the dates
thus far arranged for are: Minneapolis,
May 11; Union College, May 16: Harvard,
May 23; Mott Haven, May 30; Pennsyl
vania, after Mott Haven.
The team expects to leave Berkeley on
May 7.
Handicap Field Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— The Uni
versity of California nandicap field day of
the spring season will be held next Satur
day afternoon on the Berkeley cinaer
track, providing the weather permits. The
entry list closed to-day with about sixty
five names in the different track and tield
events.
The three events which will attract the
most absorbing interest will be the 100
--yard dash, the 220 and the 440 yard run.
Just at present the university has no very
fast men in these events, and it seems to I
be imperative that two or three sprinters I
of the first class be developed before the
Eastern trip this summer is undertaken.
There are nine entries in the 100, eight in
the 220 and eight in the 440. Captain
Merwin qx presses hope that at least two
men out of the entire lot can be depended
upon for making the 100 in 10 1-5, and
the other two sprints with proportiQnrtely
good time. Koch, the a-11-round athlete,
will enter the 100. This is something of
an innovation for him, as he has hereto
fore confined his attention to the high
jump, the shot-put and the half mile.
There is much speculation as to what lie
will do with the 100. In uractice yestsrday
he covered the distance in 11 seconds un
paced. In the hammer-throw great things
are looked for from Edgren. He promises
to duplicate his recent throw of 147 feet 6
inches.
Following is the list of entries:
100-yard dash — Decker, Hupp, Chick,
Dresser, Koch, Hilborn, "Brick" Morse, Thomas
u!i>l Cuminings.
220-yard dash— Dickie, Stevens, Hupp, Chick,
Koch, Thomas, Dorn and Jones.
440-yard run— Stevens, Jones, Harvey,
Magec, Dorn, Hilborn, Robinson and "Brick"
Morse.
Half-mile run— Carroll, Reeve, Gish, Kelley,
Hill nnd Brown.
Mile run— Jackson, Reeve, Carroll and
Brown.
120 yard hurdles— Bakewell, Mclntosh and
Baugh.
•220-yard hurdles— Torrey, Bakewell, Cum
mings and Dorn.
Phot-put— Edgren, Lloyd, Greisberg, Hill,
Dorn, Cole and Reinhardt.
Hammer throw — Edgren, Dorn, Carver,
Hooper. Perley and (ireisberg.
High jump— Bakewell, Miller, Koch and
C'bnisson.
Running broad-jump— Torrey, Dresser, Lloyd,
Dorn and Koch.
Pole vault— Lloyd and Mnmrao.
Letter From Senator Perking.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— A letter
was received to-day by Speaker Daw of
the Students' Congress from Senator Per
kins, in which he complies with the re
quest to change the terms of his offer of
$200 to the intercollegiate debaters who
participate in the contest on the 25th inst.
When Senator Perkins first offered the
prize he was desirous that $100 bs given to
the best debater on each side. The asso
ciated students, at the request of the
Students' Congress, voted to ask the Sena
tor to give the entire $200 to the winning
team to be divided equally among the
three participants. The Senator has
agreed to ti e request of the U. C. students
in the following letter:
United States Senate. >
Washington-, D. C, April 4, 1896. j
F. IT. Dam. University of California. Berkeley,
Cal.— My Dear Sir: lam in receipt of your
letter of March •JS relating to the prize' for
the winners in the debating contest between
the University of California and Stanford
University. I have no objection whatever to
.such a distribution as you propose. That or
• any other plmi which will best serve to stimu
late the competitors trill meet with my hearty
approval. I gladly place the matter in the
hands of those most concerned to make the
best arrangements as to distribution.
1 am very glad to hear that the question for '
the intercollegiate debate relates to the elec
tion of Senators. It i.s a question in which I
have taken great interest and it is my intention
to speak on the subject during the present ses
sion of Congress. Yours truly,
Gxoaox c. Perkins.
Talk of Town Division.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.-The second
defeat of school bonds in Berkeley has
again given ri«e to talk of dividing the
town. The proposition to divide East and
West Berkeley nag frequently been dis
cussed in the past and the present sec
tional division over the bond question has
revived the issue.
In the bond election for $200,000 the
school bonds carried in East Berkeley by
the necessary two-thirds vote and the
wharf bonds carried by a two-thirds ma
jority in th- West End, but in eacu case
the verdict was nullified by the votes of
the other section of the town.
West Berkeley is still strongly in favor
of bonds for a wharf and East. Berkeleyans
are ready to vote for the schools, but
neither part of the town can carry out its
wishes oecause of the opposition of the
other part.
A Canadian Legislator.
BERKELEY. Cat-., April 9.— A. F.
Wood, for twelve years a member of the
Legislature of the province of Ontario in
j Canada, is in Berkeley. He was the prin
cipal figure in ar. informal reception given
at the zesidence of R. Mills, at 2110 Col
lege way, Wednesday evening. Those
present were: Dr. M. H. Mills of Los
Angeles, Dr. J. A. Williams of Oakland
Rev. Dr. Bentley, Rev. Dr. Mathews,
editor of the Christian Advocate, Hou. W.
S. Williams and others. A most enjoy
able evening was passed.
Orchestral Society.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— The third
and last concert of the season of the Berke
ley Orchestral Society will be held on
Thursday evening, April 16, in Shattuck
Hail. The programme for tne evening
will include besides the orchestra's nunv
hers solos by Miss Heiene Johnson, so
prano, and by William N. Harris. Selec
tions will be rendered by the Delta Up
silon male quartet and R. E. Yarndley
will play the ceilo.
Philosophical Union.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— The Philo
sophical Union of the university will meet
to-morrow evening in North Hall. The
paper of the evening will be presented by
Professor William Carey Jones on "The
Philosophy of Rights and Government,"
the subject being considered with especial
reference to Watson's criticisms of Kant's
doctrines on the question. The general
discussion following the paper will be led
by C. W. Leach '93 and A. G. Eells '86.
Liquor Cases Again.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— The case
of Fred Pooso, charged with violating the
liquor ordinance, will be tried before Jus
tice James to-morrow. Joseph Doran will
be tried on April 14 and A. Berg on the
17th. D.iran and Berg have both secured
bonds for $500, Doran 's bondsmen being
S. Fischel and J. Baum, and Berg's sure
ties John Corraacand Ignatz Fischel.
Friends of Liberty Entertain.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 9.— A social
and entertainment was given this evening
by the Friends of Liberty in American
Hall. Among the features of the evening's
programme were speeches by Dr. Kummer
of Oakland and by B. F. Hudelson, State
president of the A." P. A.
SLEPf IN THE STREET.
The Result of Ejecting a West Onk-
land Family.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— J. Tally, the
owner of the house at 2248 Magnolia street,
notified the family occupying the place,
after two months had passed without re
ceiving the rent, that they would have to
pay or move. They did neither, and yes
terday afternoon ne put their things out
in the street. The children were taken in
by neighbors, but the man and woman
spent the night on the sidewalk. To-day
they secured quarters in the neighborhood.
Mr. Tally in speaking of the matter said:
"A man by the name of Jack Cornwall
lived in the house with a woman and two
children, but had paid no rent for two
months, so I ordered them out."
TO BE A ROYAL WELCOME
All Haywards Is Working to
Greet the Grand Council
of the Y. M. I.
HIGH JINKS AND GRAND BALL.
The F nance Committee Starts Out
on Its Necessary Mission — A
Promise From the Ladies.
HAYWARDS, C vi... April 9. -The
finance committee \ hich is raising the
money to fittingly provide for the enter
tainment of the State delesates to the Y.
M. I. Grand Council commenced their
active work to-day. A large sum has
already been promised and the whole
amount is assured. On Friday evening of
next week an entertainment will be given
for the benefit of the fund.
A professional chorus has been engaged
to sing at the high mass with which the
Grand Council will open. The Valerias,
from the Tivoli Opera-house, will render
the solo parts.
One of the features of the entertainment
will be the high jinks that will be held on
one evening of the convention. Talent
from all part 3of the State have volun
teered their services, and Sheriff Whelan
of San Francisco is also down for a number
on the programme. Contingents from the
Acme and Reliance clubs will also givs
athletic demonstrations.
Reports are being received from the
various institutes all over the State, and it
is now certain that the procession and dis
plays will exceed in number and splendor
those of any previous Grand Council.
The ladies have concluded their arrange
ments for decorating the church for the
mass, and they promise that although
early in the season they will show the
visiting delegates a lesson in decorating
that will surprise them.
The committee having in charge the
invitations have prepared 3000 invitations,
and it is expected that fully that number
will attend the grand ball. All the minor
arrangements are progressing favorably
and in the five weeks that elapse between
now and the opening of the Grand Council
there will be much work done in this
town.
WERE STOOD UP.
The Davis Brother* Arrested for At
tempting to Bob Two Young
Slen.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— Eddie Peter
eon and Harold Hughes, two 18-year-old
boys of Peralta street, were walking in on
the Berkeley track near Sixteenth-street
station last night, about 11 o'clock, and
were stopped by two men, who questioned
them regarding themselves. Finally one
of the men seized Peterson about the neck
and held him while the other fellow went
through his pockets.
Hughes meanwhile made for the station
to inform the officers. En route he met
Deputy Constables Dennis Cronin and
Dick Dolan, to whom he told his story.
Later he informed Officer Bcanlan and
Watchman Fosarty of the depot. The
four started on a tour of the vicinity to see
if they could locate the robbers.
Peterson showed up and said the men
released him shortly after Hughes Ipft
without securing any money.
The officers went up the track as far as
Twenty-second street, where they found
George and Milton Davis, two brothers,
who are well known to the police, and
several other fellows, all of whom wore
taken in on suspicion. This morning the
boys identified the Davis brothers as the
ones who stopped them. They were
charged with attempted robbery. Both
were slightly under the influence of liquor i
Captain John J. Brice, U. S. N. (Retired), Who Has Just Been Appointed Federa
Fish Commissioner.
when arrested. One of the brothers was
implicated in tire assault upon ex-Officer
Tom White several years ago.
THEY ARE PROSPEROUS.
I'M rat Presbyterian Church Reports Show
a Very Flourishing; Condition.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 9.— The annual
meeting of the First Presbyterian Church,
organization and society, was held last
night. The report of Dr. G. E. Brincker
hoff, as treasurer, shows receipts of $19,
--641 31, of which $5282 30 was a special sub
scription to the church debt fund. The
disbursements were $19,642 31, including
a payment on the bank overdraft of the
church, which has been reduced $1000 dur
ing the year, being now only $2000.
There is due the church $3565 05 from
pew rents, subscriptions to the church
debt, church extension and weekly pledges.
The total Jiabilities, including the over
draft, are $3314 09, so that if the obligations
of members were paid up there would be a
balance in the treasury ol $250 96.
The receipts from pew rents were
$6935 40; plate collections, $7388 91; en
velope collections, $4755 25. The disburse
ments for salaries were $7850.
J. Thornton Gardiner, treasurer of the
benevolent fund, reported be had received
and disbursed $711 22 during the year.
Officers were then elected as follows :
Auction Sales
FIRE UNDERWRITERS' SALE,
AT 773 MARKET ST., NEAR FOURTH,
THIS DAY.
Friday, the 10th day of April, 1896,
At 11 O'ClOCk A. M.,
we win. skli<
BALANCE ON. MAN'S STOCK,
Kemoved from Mission St., !
CONSISTING OP J
Four Bar Outfits, a number of Bar
Counters and Some Showcases;
A few Gas Ranges, Parlor Stoves and Kitchen
Ranges; a lot of Linoleum: new and second-hand
Carpets and Carpet Lining. This will positively
be the last day of the sa!«, and we recommend it to ;
every one, as the goods must be sold.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
120 Suttcv. Upstairs.
B. M. BIRDSAL.L, Proprietor.
j 11. J. LELTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
CIIAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,!
Salesrooms—ll3s .Market Street, i
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Hale Days.
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761.
THIS DAY.
Friday. : April 10, 1896,
At 10 o'clock .a. m., at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth,
....WE WILL SELL
' 5 Folding Beds, Oak Bedroom Sets, Hair Mattress,
; Bedding, Carpets, sideboards, Hat Racks, Chif-
\ foniers, Crockery, Glassware, Moves and Ranges.
CIIAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
!
i
|
-1
j
j
I \
i
|
i
!
i
!
,
:
:
1
;
.
!
i
President. W. H. Knight; secretary, H.
jK. Belden; treasurer, Dr.VG. £. Brincker
hoff: trustees— W. Carnoany, H. K.
Belden, W. M. Hall and A. P.' Bray ton;
treasurer benevolent fund, J. Thornton
Gardiner; assistant pastor and superin
tendent of Sunday-school, Rev. Campbell
Covle. '
The society adjourned and the church
met at once. Reports were presented
from the Sunday-school, King's Daugh
ter:!, Young People's .Society of Christian
Endeavor. Junior Society of Christian
Endeavor. Order of Deaconesses, Pastor's
Aid Society, Pastor's League and two mis
sionary societies. The present member
ship of the church is 1250, there having
been ninety-eight new members received
during the year. The total contributions
for all purposes was $25,538 30. The Sun
day-school has an average attendance of
449, as against 43G for last year.
Officers were elected as follows: Elders—
Geor«e D. Gray, F. S. Page, W. P. Curtis,
Willis B. Fry, Homer A. Craig, Dr. G. E.
Brinckerhoff. Deacons—D. C. Boarland,
Dr. L. R. Webstei, J. W. Helmke. Deacon
esses—Mrs. E. H. Bur bank, Mrs. Dr. Van
Kirk, Mrs. Elma Page, Mrs. S. J. Cassldy.
Mrs. Kate Buckland, Mrs. Tomblin.
U, FJSH CGMMiSSIONER
Appointment of Commander John
J. Brice, U. S. N.,
Retired.
The Appointee, Who Goes to the Head
of the C.mmi sion, Is a Well-
Known Californian.
Captain John J. Brice, whom the Presi
dent recently appointed to the head of the
Commission of Fish and Fisheries, is a
well-known Californian, whose home is in
Napa County. He is a cousin of Senator
Brice of Ohio, and married Miss Tallant of
the Tallant Banking Company, formerly
so well known in this State.
Captain Brice has a distinguished record
!of public service. In 1861 he entered the
volunteer navy and was appointed to the
command of the United. States steamer
Freeborn of the Potomac flotilla. Subse
quently \he commanded the captured
steamer Eureka and the Primrose. Before
the war closed he was commander of the
steamer Don.
Captain Brice was twice promoted for
meritorious conduct and in 1868 was trans
ferred to the regular navy. In the line of
I important duty he commanded various
ships and steamers. The commander has
suffered from rheumatism in late years
and on account of physical disability was
recently retired from the navy.
The office to which Commander Brice
has been appointed has usually been tilled
by a scientist, but he has acquired consid
erable knowledge of pisciculture. While
; In charge of the experimental station at
i Fort Gaston, Cal., he made an extended
report to the Fish Commission on the
proposition to stock with food lishes the
streams flowing into the Pacific. He has
! gained a knowledge of tbe duties of the
i office by observation and experience.
as Fish Commissioner in the service of
the United States he will draw a salary of
$5000 a year. The question may arise
whether his pay of $2600 a year, which he
I receives as a retired officer of the navy,
I will be continued. In the case of General
I Sickles it was decided that a retired army
| officer could serve as foreign Minister and
! as Representative in Congress without
| surrendering his commission. In this
State General George Stoneman resigned
as an officer when he became Governor,
i but was subsequently restored to his rights
jon the retired list. Commander Brice,
I however, enters the service of the Gorern
> inent in another capacity, and the rule ap
| plying to service in' Congress or in the dip
lomatic branch may cover his employ
ment. Commander Brice is about 50 years
| of age, and is decidedly popular among his
J fellow-men in and out oi the service.
GEO. F. lASISOII, AUCTIONEER
Office— Kearny St.
inPORTANT AUCTION SALE OF NEW AND
ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS
THIS DAY.
Friday ......April 10, 1898,
At 2 p. m. on the premises,
849 GOLDEN* GATE AVENUE,
. ...COMPRIHIJTO
1 Magnificent Parlor Suit, very latest style, up-
holstered in delicate shades of satin, tapestry and
silk plushes, very beautiful; Magnificent Carpets
throughout the house, selected patterns, finest
quality; Elegant Lace Curtains, Portieres and
Lambrequins: Elegant Cherry Hatstand, Center
Tables and standard Choice' Pictures, Mirrors.
Ornaments and Bric-a-brac; 3 Elegant Polished
Oak Mirror-front Folding Beds; 3 Handsome
Polished Oak Chamber Suits; Kxtra White-hair
Mattresses, Best Pillows: Kxtra White Mission
Blankets, .Marseilles Spreads, Best New Sheets,
slips. Tablecloths and Napkins; l.Fine Oak Side-
board, Extension Table and Dining Chairs; Fine
China, Crystal, Glass and Plated Ware; Patent
Table. Stepladders, Agate-ware, etc.
- The above Elegant Furniture has been in use less
than thirty days, and is ordered sold only on ac-
count of very unexpected , but immediate depart-
ure tor Philadelphia. Terms cash.
___J GEO. F. LAMSOX, Auctioneer.
GEO. F. LAMSOI AUCTIONEER,
Office— 4lo K«»»rnv Street.
THIS DAY
Friday April 10, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. on the Premises,
NO. 133A-GEARY STKKET,
1 will sell on account of departure
THE SUrKKIOR FI'HVITrKK AND
CAKPETS IN ABOVE RESIDENCE,
....COMPRISING ...
I Walnut Frame Parlor Set in reps, 1 fine Walnut
Cylinder Bookcase and 'Secretary, 4 fine Oak and
Cherry Chiffoniers, Tapestry Carpets, 1 fine On*
Folding-bed, Spring and Flair Mattress, 1 superior
Bed (Sofa. cost $65, Lace Curtains, Walnut Chamber
Suits, 2 fine Sideboards, 1 Sewing-machine, 1 In-
closed Bath, Dining Chairs, Cook Stove, Kitchen.
Utensils, etc. Terms cash.
(iKO. F. LAM-ON. Auctioneer.
HER DARLING DIAMOND
Mrs. F. H. Wath Makes an Un
successful Attempt to Poison
Herself.
She Had Written a Farewell Letter
Full of Love and Affection for
Her Husband.
A blonde about 25 years of ace, with a
wealth of curly hair, was taken to the
Receiving Hospital last night in the patrol
wagon from 13 Sherwood place. She waa
unconscious from a dose of laudanum
which she had swallowed with the inten
tion of ending her life.
The usual remedies were promptly ad
ministered by Dr. Bunnell and she was
soon pronounced out of danger.
Her name is Mrs. F. H. \Vath. Her
husband is a waiter in a Grant-avenue
saloon. He is a colored man and is
familiarly known as the "Black Diamond."
They were married three years ago, but
for some months past have not lived hap
pily together.
In her right hand she clutched a photo
graph of her husband and in the pocket of
her dress was found the following letter:
My Dear Diamond: I see that we mnst part
and I have always told you there was nothing
in this world to part us but death. You see
that my word comes true if I only will suc
ceed, for, babe, you are nothing but a heart
breaker, and I hope you will always think of
me and never break another poor girl's heart.
Do not, whether she be gr>od or bad.
I loved you as a woman and I was as true to
you as a baby from its cradle. If I did not love
you 1 would put you in your grave, but I love
you too much for that. As a mattor of fart I
could not harm a hair of your head, my dar
ling Diamond.
Do not think I am crazy or drunk, for I am
not either. I am willing to die for you. Da
what you think with everything, but'bury mo
with one of your pictures. That is my last
wish. From your broken-hearted wife,
Mrs. P. H. Wath.
P. S. All your friends that have drnnnea me,
I hope and pray th»it they may never have an
unlucky day. Go to my funeral, sweetheart, if
you do nothing else.
Her husband called at the hospital to
speak to her, but was unable to do so as
she was asleep. He said he knew nothing
about why she should swallow poison.
He did not seem to be much concerned
about her condition."
MAUTALEN REFUSES.
ClHiins the County Committee Hat No
Authority to Call Primaries.
OAKLAND, Gal., April 9.— There was a
large attendance at the meeting held to
consider what action should be taken with
regard to callinc primaries. After a thor
ough discussion of the subject it was unani
mously decided that a delegate ahould be
named from each organization to consti
tute a committee on call. The duty of this
committee is to confer with the County
Central Committee and request it to call
primaries in the usual method. If it re
fuses then the committee is to call pn
marits for Saturday, the 18th, to elect
relegates to a county convention to be
held Monday, the 20th.
Chairman Friend named the following
committee: W. W. Knickerbocker of
Temescal; J. C. Ellsworth. First Ward;
C. A. Taber, Second Ward; H. N. Van
Arman, Third Ward; C. L. Pearce, Fourth
Ward; T. M. Eobinson, Fifth Ward; E.
Knowlton. Sixth Ward; W. H. Dow,
Seventh Ward; E. A. yon Schmidt and J.
P. Clark, Alameda; C. A. Miller, Golden
Gate; E. Clark. Xiles; L. E. Oagood, Irv
ington; H. E. Bruner, Hay wards; J. W.
Haas, San Lear.dro. They wer» author
ized to add to their number from portions
of the county not represented.
Messrs. Friend, Pearce and Yon Schmidt
were named as a sub-committee to wait on
the County Central Committee and make
known their demands, and there matters
are to be allowed to rest until next wee*.
When Chairman Mautalen of the County
Central Committee was waited on this
afternoon he told the committee that the
committee had no power delegated to
them to issue a call for primaries, and con
sequently he would have to refuse to do
anything. "If the County Committees
should attempt or assume to take any
action," said he, "it would be a usurpa
tion of authority on its part — an arbitrary
assumption of power."
CHANNELL'S HOUSE BURNED.
X Handsome Kesidence on the Pied-
Mont Hills Destroyed.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 10.— The hand
some residence of S. P. Channell, which
stood on tlie Piedmont hills not far from
the Requa place, was destroyed by fire
shortly after midnight.
An alarm came from box 45 of East
Oakland at 12:25 this morning, but no
assistance could reach the house before
the tire had finished its work. The house
was a modern one, handsomely furnished
and fitted, and the loss will reach between
$12,000 and $15,000.
A Policeman Vanquished.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday by Po
liceman Beach for the arrest of Mrs. Lorina
May, keeper of a lodging-house at Sixth and
Mission streets, and her daughter Addle, on
the charge of disturbing the peace. Beach was
nursing a black eye from Mrs. May's fist He
went to serve a subpena upon a roomer named
Taylor and Mrs. May and her daughter threw
him out.
§k £]■"•<** Dispensary,
l^£?f EAB * V * T Establish^
■ in !»»♦ for the treatment of Private
V Diseases. Lost Manhood T Debility 6?
■ 2 1 ?f.? S T?, * arln 11 bodyand mind and
■«f D ' t< ; ase « 'I'be doctor cures when
■ others fall. ' Try him. Charges low.
«isai!SW pHimf ' d - Callorwrlt*
t-iIBJSON. Box 1097. Sao Francisco.
1314
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E C Voorhrls, Siuter J J Halpin, N V
M Oberfalder, Chicago A W Meltcn, Junean
1" Seeley. Juneau Mrs John sparks. Reno
Mrs E I Tniile.salt Lake F O Hume, Los Gatos
Mrs F a Hume, L (}atos .1 C Hopper, Shasta
B V Tiffany, N V G M Ransom, N V
H Gervois.'st Paul H C Williams, Elizabeth
F A Spencer, Po Hand M Levey, Seattle
X C Neutelder, Seattle >irs Neufelder. Seattle
John UcEwea, London A c Bella London
H Allen, London C P Allen, London
1" Vatlmer, Berlin W B Veitu, Melbourne
Mi.v MrsLums>en,Scotld H Lumsden, Scotland
C Lumsden, Scotland J E Brown, Brooklyn
C C Foster, Cambridge I heMisses Brown, Bklyn
J F Albright, Cambridge Mrs Albright, Cambridge
C A McDowell, Liverpool Dr F Cox, Llveipool
B Thomas, Honolulu Misi a D Griffith, N V
H Lang, Portland Mrs H Lang, Portland
C H Hyde. Tacoma Mrs 11 Hyde. Tacoma
.1 D Hose Jr. Seattle F P Payson, N V
X .1 Carter, salt Lake W R IHisenhark. N V
It Cannetd. snta Barbara R B Jones, Chicago
Mrs M irosscy. Bisbec J M Howie, Acstialta
Mr, .1 D Norton. Mich J D Nor on Jr. Mich
j stein. Rio Vista B II Kmanue!, N V
C Woolley, N* V Mrs Klizalde,Sta Barbara
Miss X Klizalde, - Barb 1' W Menzies. N V
A Loeb A w, Chicago Mrs a \V Griffith, N V
E w M- rritt. Denver 15 Keece. Chicago
11 W Miller w, N V I»r G W Winchtield, Col
do Kruse, N V W McCormick, salt Luke
C J sterdiiian salt Lake W II Thomas Lake
X 1. McKelleps, Nevada W Scranton it w, Pa
Mrs G W Griffith, X V
GRAND HOTEL.
B M Bixby A wife. Wis Dr N Green i wife Cal
Tll Robertson, Seattle F A Kllb^rn, Waisonville
J H Winship. S biego H Thorp, Sacramento
Mrs EL i. ruUt tfc d, Cal Miss Craig, Cal
Mrs N Dusche. (jal J X Curtis. Aubrro
Mrs A Wes;. Coins* Miss M \\ est, Colusa
W F Baert, Cal V Hands, Cal
J A llaskell. Cal C X Adams. Los Aug
J W Smith, Stockton W A White, Wutsonville
X .1 McCullougb Aw.Cal J ll Sampson. Cal
1) R MclutOth. Cal T M Jackson, Kinsman
V E Owens, Napo Miss Ella Owens, Napa
a B Adam»on, Cal F H Doonls, Portland
J Kuhn, Chico C J Oesre, Ohio
M E Hughes, Folsom Mrs. Baker, Cal
.1 Johnston i w, Cal H Znbribier, N Orleans
1' Carroll. Peielurna W C Haisey <t w, Cal
\V -:c;n'...ck, iloliister J C Trie, Stockton
3 R Roberts. Cal J D Swansoo, Carberry
.1 W Bowers, Los Ang A Ahlf, Coiusa
J E Woolley, Cal J C lug Jr. Cal
I)r C C G.eaver. Cal J s Frazer & w, Cal
W Tod, santa Rosa B X i rince. Al'aville
J (> Brown, Minneapolis >. A Kusi. Denver
\Vm Coler. R I F L Holland, Salt Lake
s W Ha.:. Cal W H Bray. Nevada
\V II W ll! iard. Nevada Mrs A Turnbull, Nev
1 !l Newton .v w, Nev Miss Robertson, Nev
Dr J H Tibbetis, cal L N Ealliuglie..!, Ohio
Mrs LX Bai;inllel(l,uhio J I" Martin, Columbus
ii w Brown, Mexico Mrs W Hodgson, Denver
1 lora M Aldi a, Denver Miss F Mackay, Cal
Mrs JC Card. Portland A I. Jones. N V
1' s> Gregory. < al J A» i.i*« is. Modesto
Mary Noel, st Louis Jt 1; Tan, Fresno
Mrs m A Graham, cal Miss a A Graham, Cal
Miss Cora M Hatch, Cal G L Belcher, Cal
RUsS HOUSE.
X Duncan, Carson Mrs B E Shaffer. Bakrsfld
C T settle, sail Jose 1 H Mnlhol.and, Cal
A E Hi in. sprmgrield G W Snow & w.salt Lako
Mrs A BMnith. < al V Curran, Sacramen.o
G G Collins, Willows J Daily, Fort Ross
J Adams it w.s Lorenzo T G Moody <fe w, Victoria
\V X Prat her &f,Adams J L German, Santa Maria
I; Caughey. >ama Clara J 11 Boke. Napa
J Mcl'herson, 1. Angles X M Urd, Apto.t
T Beach, s.iii ,lt>s>- J Branecan <Sw,Nev City
J Andrews, 1. W Mine F W Mowry, lrvington
A J Billiard, Salinas 1" D Newland. Salinas
1) standtord, Brent wood A Feliz. Lovelocks
Angela Camp T Bright, Los Angeles
C X Scot. Portland W »i stump, Petaluma
t Q ( arcotl, San Juan B R Sherman, Cal
JI H Hillman. Peterson C Steif, Carey
I Adams. Marquetie E J Stur^e, New Zealand
Mrs L DuUflien, sacto C WtAch, liuprnevllle
A J Kosenbury, Wau.au A Dool::tle, Happy Camp
II Swift. Va.leio J Thombs, (..raTtoii
N C s.irgent. Stockton GW B >i;gs, I'racy
LICK Holsk.
X H Adams, New York T X Bishop, Tulare
T Mnlcahy, Canada Miss M I. Mclntosh, Cal
Wm sexton, Sao Juse M Levy, wt t cb, cal
Jas A 8 Kton C 1 urr<er. Sacraa ento
MJCootrblrn, Ky Mrs S Meyer, Boston
s Kiuig.-r. Mexico H Doasbaeft w, 60 Jose
M L I>cl>onougb t 3 Rosa X Diller. Chico
Ii McFanll, Nev John uennison. Cal
C J SOU well, Cal F c Btaniford, Cal
'. 1: Bot aenbanm, Okld 1 C ti.trrie. Colnmbte
)• Tj irr.<. Seattle s E Shaw, < loverdale
1 Wella, Arizona C F liowland, l^osAngles
'1 Gambling, Loi An:<i;s P Gambling, U>s Angeles
W H Hatton Modi <,o J W Bn^ps Aw, \ entum
J F Wardiier, L'aho
» "o-MOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Geo Relni A w, 1 h icauo L Miller. Sau I.vis Obispo
> • ■ • > raven, Ckiaii Tbos l>a;y. San uafael
A Ma heson, Belvedere W B luume, nr.«ville
Mm H B Stone, Byron W J Boed, Stockton
Mrs \\ JObaoon, Byron John Hester, Lostia'os
>> ;'K«- L MOCarty, Fresno Jam. s Money. Los<:atos
W M Tav lor, 1-resno H H Andrew, Los (iatos
1". Whiu-oiuD. Pasadena A < Campbell, BC
i; c < ooper, Tacoma ,w J Dobler, Portland
CF t art v. iau Cla;re O X Donler, Portland
r .Milton, Kan Claire F Montgomery. Portland
J X (ioae & f. Santa Ana X Hayes. Spokane
J F sc!io>-ti <fe w. Forest Thos Flnegau, Honolulu
GruVe, Or
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Hyde. Cour.land M S Brawnstlne, N V
< N Abbott, "iikla -id <; >tractiam. N V
Dr AB »ar:er, Perm Miss Bnoa, Honolulu
Master Bnoa, lionolulu B F Wetln-rby, Boston
« V Hymen, Los An* fl> VVetherby. noston
\v c Donetaa, Mt Louis A C Watcr'iouseitw.Chg
M Obeatelder, Chicago Miss 1. Scott, N V
man, Phila Kavmond. N V
M ss 3 Bo ler, Cal s H Winter, Fresno
E Graves St w, Cal o L Knelm, Milwaukee
A Kebe, Mi'.wa-ikee R D Holabird, Los Anc
j: Bennett, V'acavOle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E W Bullard. San Jose W litzer. Alcatraz
1. L Pick .v « . Los Angls A M Byrnes, Reno
W J Stewart. Denver H.l Harding, Colo
T Kirby. Alcatraz Henry Hart; Boston
W F. Neblett, Lordsburg PC Bnrne, Santa Ana
L Lewis, Auckland J W Pooler, Auckland
Miss - ewart. < akland Lydia Kenny, Oakland
I.ydia Paine, Oakland Mrs Brighton, Fresno
C Weiland, Fresno Mrs H F Hall, Sntu Rosa
REAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
A. C. Stoddart to F. M. Lee. lot on NW corner of
POlk street and olive avenue, N 30 by W 97:6
W arrant y deed : ? 1 0.
1. U. and Hannah Jacobs to Herman Roman lot
On N line of O'Farrell street, 57:6 E of Gouch. E
SO by N 120: $10. ** '
J. C and Mary J. Toudy to Gilbert Palache, lot
m N" line of Washington street, 130:6 W of Bu-
Chanan.W 25:3 by N 127:6. subject to a mortgage;
Juilah Boas to Marsaretta J. Wige, Jot on E line
of Loitstree:, SO N of Waller, N 10,1". 50 Sto
o point. W 53: $10.
Margaretta J. w igs to. lames Mo Lean, lot on E
line 01 Central av-ime (Lott), HO N of Wuller
street, N 50 by E 39. S to a point 80 N of Waller
W 5.-i: $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to Emma Joseph
lot on SE line of Market street. 335 s\v of B'adv
SW 30, SK 124, NX 24, NW 124: $10
William Heyden to Henrietta Heyden, lot on E
line of Capp street, 290 N of Sixteenth, N 30 by E
120: gift.
M. Morgenthau Company (a corporation) to
Elizabeth P. Ponntag, lot on sk comer of Twenty
first and York streets. X 25 by S t»7:6; $10.
P. J.aud Km ma Donahue to Daniel and Mary
Dougherty, lot on W line of Hampshire street
122:6 N of nt .-second, N 25 by W loo! sub
;•■■ ■: to morttrage; * 10.
Joseph and Elizabeth Ireland to Caiharina S
Schmidt, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street. "2-6
W of ShOtwell, W 20 by N 75; $10. ""
Henry C. Renner (by W. C. Dunlap, referee) to
Thomas J. and Mary A. Conway. lot on W line of
Eureka street, 128:4 Bof Ocean-house road S 50
ty W 131:3; ¥'J■' f X ) .
Miguel, Vim-en: and Catallna Noe and Catalina
f-pliya'o to same, undivided half of lot on W line
of Eureka street, 128:4801 Ocean-house road s
5'J by W 134:3; $10.
Corinda Daneri to Emile H., Henry, Eugene,
Edward, Altilio and Irene Daneri, lot on N line of
Valle.io street, 97 :tj W of Powell, W 20 by N 76'6
--also personal property; $750. " '
A. and Charity Hay ward. James S. and Salome
B. Jameson 10 George B'own, 99 year estate from
March 26. 3851, lot on SE corner of l>-avenworth
and Beach streets, J. 412:6 by s 137:6; $5.
Michael J. Crowley to Mary A. Crowley. lot on S
line or Eddy street, 37:6 Eof Hyde, 'e 25 by S
h7:6: gift.
Mary i:. V. Mclluijh to Mary McQuarrie. lot on
S side of O' Far el] street, 114:6 E of Larkln. I- 23
by N 127:6: ?10.
Jeremiah Coakley to Julia Coakley. lot on SE
line of Perry street, 127:8 NF. of Thin!, NE2sby
HE 75; also lot DUSK lino of Vallejo street and
Pinkney j)^<-.-. ). 80 by > 60; gift.
James .\itken and A. Barnard to T. J. Moynl
han, Di divided half of lot on E corner Mission and
Be :.. streets, NE 45:10 by hE 100: $10.
Mary C. Weld (nee Stevens) to Samuel Weld, lot
on nw line of Rrannan street, 100 NE of sixth,
NE 25 by .NW 110; also property In Alameda
County; also any and all property; gift.
N. and Mathilda G. Ohiandt to F. 11. Davis, lot
on X line of Mississippi street, 300 S of Yolo B 50
by X 100: $10.
Bernhani and Charlotte (ietleson to Elvira M.
Stacey. lot on X tine of Victoria street, 150 N of
Central, N 50 by B 100, bock 43, city Land Asso
ciation: $10.
Frank M. and Helen M. Coffin to Frank H
Harris, lot on S line of Minerva s'reet. 376 E of
Plymouth, E 25 by N 125, Railroad Homestead -z:
$160.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to G. W.
P.ocKwltz, lot 16, plat A, Pacific Section; $160.
AI.AMKDA COt'NTV,
. Dominick and Ellen O'Mar:i to r aura A. Arnett.
lot on NW line of Perry street, at common corner
lots 25 and 26, block A. lanns of Oakland View
Homesiead Association, thence XX 60, NW U7:4,
sw 00. BK 90 10 beplnnine. being lot 26. block A
lands of 0;i!...i-,<l View Homestead Association,
subject to a mortKaee for $310. Oakland- 810.
Xi Mo:iicoi. , r, (by attorney) to O. H. Burnhain
and J. J.Meyers. all interest in lot on N line Fortieth
street, 662 tc of Grove, t: :v_> by .v 110. beine lot
1?5, resulidivision of .Montgomery Tract, to correct
451 d 151. Oakland Township; *:..
Patrick O'Connell to Nellie O'Connell.lot on E
line of Diamond strett, 112 N of Moss avenue N
35 by X 125, Ing portion of lot 20, map of Broad
v.uyand Weston avenue lots, Oakland Township
•gift.
John G. and B. Klumpke to Elizabeth Trader,
lots 23 an.l 30, block C, Amended Map Christiania
Tract, Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $5.
Duncan F. and Alice. H. McDonald to W. H.
Marsion, lot on SW corner of Gitman and Walnut
streets. s 240 by W 142:7. Uing lots 1 and 4,
block -1. prope ty of Berkeley Villa Association.
Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $10. '
a Commercial Lank to same, same, to correct 561
d, 205, Berkeley: $10.
J. H. Brims to F. P. Fisher, lots 34, 35 and 36,
Bishop and Hart Tract, Alameda; £10. -
George H. and Sarah A. Pitts to Edward G.
Duisenberg, lot 7, block A, and lots 1, 2, 3 and 5 to
8, block B, map of Adeline-street property, being a
resubdi vision of blocks A and B, Northern Addi
tion to Oakland, Oakland; $5. >■ '
A. D. and Anna Courtney to Michael Fancy,
lot on NW' corner of Miranda street and Clare
mont avenue, N 50 by W 150. being lot 139. block
11. Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract, Oakland
Township, subject to a mortgage to Central Bank;
$10. i • i -•■< •■■;''
Mountain View Cemetery Association to John
Daggett. to: 71. plot 16, Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland Township: $76.
Same to Mime, the NE 1/2 of lot 72, In plot 16,
same, Oakland Township: $44. . •
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to James L. Robin
son, lot on NW corner .of Blake and Ellsworth
streets. W 60 by N ISS, being lot 24, block 1454,
Blake Tract. Maps 1 and 8, Berkeley: $100.
William Stewart Ito - Peter Pedrazzini, 1 the NE
5 feet of lot 60, Electric Heights Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $40. , : . • v l .
Joseph V. and W. D. Bennett to Abbie A. Ben
nett, lots .5. 26, and 27, maps of subdivision lots
56, 57. 65 mid t>6, Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10. '
Everett D. ami Eugenic J. Jones to Mathilda
Colin (wife of Meyer), lot on NE line of East
Eleventh street. CO SEof First avenue, BE 100 by
NE 100, block 27, Clinton. East OaKland; $5.
Same to Felix Peano, lot on S corner of East
Twelfth street and First avenue, SE 50 by SW
100, bock 27, same: $5.
Same 10 Charles I). Littler, lot on SW line of
East Twelfth street. 60 SE of First avenue, SE to
by sw 100, block 27, same: $5.
Same to Andrew Stockholm, lot on sw line of
Ease Twelfth street, 100 SK of First avenue. SE
50 by SW 100, block 27, same; $0.
George L. and Annie c. North to F. F. Weston,
lot on S line of Peralta street, 100 W from E line
of plat 12. thence W 50, S 86:71.4, E 50, N to be
ginning, being portion of lot -, map of subdivision
of plat 12. Watson Tract, East Oakland: grant.
A. H. and Caroline H. Breed to Germain and Felix
Capdevielle. lot on NW line of Twenty-seventh
avenue, 60 HW of East Tenth street, SW 25 by
NW 75, block O, Knowles and Potter subdivision
of Kennedy Tract, subject to a mortgage to San
Francisco Mutual Loan Association, East Oak
land: $10.
Thomas and Harriet C. Boyd to Mary Sweeney,
lot. 100. Kirn ball Tract, Brooklyn Township; $5.
Mary Sweeney to Hannah Hickey, same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
S. is. and Mamie A. Austin to Germain and Felix
< apdevlelle, lots 7 and 8. Rio Grande Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Samuel Burt to County of Alameda, lot begin
ning at a point on NE line of lands of T. C. Put
mxu.at W corner of land of H. G. Pratt, thence NE
08 links. NW 4.39 chains, SW 38 links, SE 4.39
chains to beginning, to be used for public road and
to be known as county road 2848, Brooklyn Town
ship: grant.
John and Dora Graf to same, lot beginning at a
point in center line of county road 1854, at S cor
ner of lands of John i-raf. thence KB 38 links, NW
2.63 chains, SW 38 links, SE 2.63 chains, to be
used for public road and 10 be known as county
road 2848." Brooklyn Township; grant.
Horace G. and Caroline F. Pratt to panic, lot be
ginning at a point on NX line of lands of T. ('.
Putnam, at W corner of lands of John Graf,
thence NE 38 links, W 4.28 chains, SW 38 links,
SK 4.28 chains, to be used for public road and to
be known as county road -'848, Brooklyn Town
ship; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Hans J. H. Koepke with C. Krecker et al., car
penter-work, etc., for three t<i- -story frame build
ings on NW copier of Devisafl. 10 and Ellis streets;
John, architect: $8585.
Jacob Stern to Robert smille, carpenter-work,
etc, for a five-story commercial building on NW
corner of Halieck and Sansome streets; Pissls &
Moore, architects: $9096.
Jacob Stern with John D. McOilvray, sandstone
work on same, same architects; $23,337.
Robert. W. Leslie with Wesierland A Sandeen,
to erect a two-story building on S line of Army
street, 106:8 from SE corner of Army and San
chez; Charles M. Rousseau, architect: $2540.
* — ♦— • .
Took No Chances.
"And you tell me." the modern girl
murmured, thoughtfully, "that your heart
has my name, and mine alone, engraved
upon it?"
"Yes," he answered, "and it is the
truth."
"You can also call to mind the financial
resources such as to warrant you in under
taking to supply me with such a home as
that to which I have been accustomed?"
'•Of course."
"Would you mind going up to the next
corner with me?"
"Certainly not. But for what purpose?"
"They are conducting some experiments
with the cathode ray, and, if it is all the
same to you. I'd like to have what you lay
verified. " — Washington Star.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caia
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, odu
qntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. op°n until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
3ESP* GODFREY DE ST. OMAR
»-*' Council No. 1. K. K.— K!ec HS! f-i
tion of officers Tills (FRIDAY) I ■tiiTßrTrrr'
EVENING, April 10, at 8 o'clock. yaßp^Sl!
geo. J. hobs, a ib; — is
Recorder. J 1 L.
Sfr~S= OFFICERS AND MEM- xv \vjauty A ~
lb~£/ berg of Apollo Lodge No. 12:<.
I. O. O. 1. and friends arc respect- -?51>4&PS~£F
fully requested 10 attend an open * r "»iW
meeting of the lodge in Memorial Hall THIS
(FRIDAY ) EVENING, at 8:30 o'clock. A special
stereopticon entertainment entitled "Picturesque
I America," by Brother G. G. BURNETT and
wife will be given. C. C. POST, N. G.
g^s= members: OF PICNIC com- 7/V\~
SS-^ mittee of St. Patrick's Alliance of J/SJ-X.
America are earnestly requested to at- /SLE.JI
tend meeting THIS EVENING at K. R. VffP)
B. Hall, at 8:30 o'clock, to make arrange- ~-or>- y
me .ts for first annual picnic at Schuetzen Park.
•San Rafael, Sunday, April 19. By order
JOHN OANEY, Chairman.
Peter Tamony, Secretary.
bESf- 'THEIi F. SCOTTISH THIS- v C? >.
a<£r tie Club will give a grand concert jV. KMifj
and social at B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy St., ifckXKJ?
FRIDAY EVENING, April 10, 1896. **=£*&
We want all the old friends and patrons of the club
present on that occasion. A gala nigh: — a great
programme. Admission 25 cents each. Hat and
coat rooms at disposal of guests.
J. D. CO I LIE, Royal Chief.
Geoboe W. Patekson, Recorder. -
f£^S= MASS MEETING^ PEOPLE'S HOME
>*- sy vines Bank depositors at 102 O'Farrell
St., FRIDAY, 10th inst. at 8 p. m.
T. S. WILLIAM^ Jr., Secretary,
ipf^p CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
-J> -& THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United Slates or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free. *
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DrvTDEN^D^OITcE^THI-r^NhTv^ADA
1 •>-*? Bank or San Francisco. The Board of Direc-
j tors of this bank have declared a dividend (No. 16)-
-i for the quarter ending March 31 at the rate of six
(6) per cent per annum, payable on and after the
Jsth of April. Transfer-books will be closed from
the 10 h to the loth inst.. both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, April h. 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~~
HA B~tESawtS e7e^ted~for~?47
"~~ e ' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
E -£=• WINDOWS CivEANEU AND FLOORS
***' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
camHges Eiigrantee.l. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE."
ITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
O woman to do housework where she can sleep
hone, or will work by the day; can give the best
of references. Address MRS. WARD, • 1818
Laguna st., rear.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD DESIRES SITUA-
'» tion, $5 per month: reference; city or coun-
try. MISS CULI.kN, 323 Sutter st. ■ '■>
88108 COOK DESIRES SITUATION;
kj hotel, restaurant or boarding-house; best refer-
ences. MISs CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
OTELHELP— 2 velTycompetentgirls".
used to work, will go to resort or city house at
1 reasonable remuneration; well recommended.
j ELLA, 865 Broadway, Oakland.
r OUNG LADY, WITH KNOWLEDGE OF
dressmaking, cutting «nd fitting, wishes place
with dressmaker; willing to mane herself gener-
ally useful; small sa.ary: object advancement.
Call or address 1621V2 Howard st., rear.
WANTED-BY YOUNG ENGLISH WOMAN,
! »' age 28, a position as housekeeper, chamber-
work or any place of trust. Call from 10 to 4or
address L. P., 1515 i arkln st.
EXPERT STENOGRAPHER, WITH FlRST-
class rf ferences, wishes a position. Address
B. C. box 42, this office.
\1 AT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS A
-i-i position for general housework: is very good
; cook: best references In German and English. Call
I 621 Twenty-iourth st.
I~msT-cl, a s COOK AND BUTTKR-MAKER
X wishes situation In city or near; nrst-class ref-
erences. B. M., 325 butler st.
ll' ANTED-BY A A. STRESS, SEWING
» » by the day or week in private families; wash
goods ft specialty. Address O. >!., box 91, Call.
SWEDISH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY. THE
day washing or housecleaning. Address 448
Twenty-sixth st- v
IDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES TO ASSIST
.In hourscwor.* (no washing) where she will be
treated as one of the family; wages $8 month. Ad-
dress F. box 53. this office. :
Y'oiNcrGIRL WIsHES SITUATION TO~DO
I- upstairs work, or care of children. 317 2 Fifth
R~ELIABLK WOMAN WITH A child, good
Jl cook, wishes a situation to do general > house-*
work; <-ity or country. Address 512 Howard st. "
/ < IKL Dk.sIKES SITUATION TO ASSIST IN
* * housework or take care of children. Apply at
433 Grove st. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contimied.
AMERICAN WOMAN. ELDERLY. DESIRES
position as housekeeper for widower; is good
plain cook: willing to wash, clean house: is neat,
temperate and healthy fond of children; a home,
small pay. Call or address 460 1 , 2 Minna; basement.
V OCNG WOMAN WISHES PLAIN SEWING
x and mending; children's clothes and white
clothes Address or call 715 Natoma St., rooms
!10 and 12. • . . :
"\roUXG WOMAN WISHES WASHING AND
-I uousecleaning; $1 a day. 902 Pacific st., in
grocery. '
/"I IRL WISHES TO COOK ON A RANCH AND
VT do general housework. Please call for 1 days
1442 Valencia st. .
\' 01/NCT WIDOW, SCOTCH, WISHES RE-
engagement as housekeeper to 1 or 9 gentle-
men: is thorough housekeeper, excellent cook and
a good nurse In sickness. Address \ . W., box 108,
Call Office.
RESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS:
$125; cuts by tailor system: good fitter:
I dresses made over. Address 1). M., box 101, Call.
IJr.l.l.Uil.t. \voMA.« WANTS A SITUATION
X\i to do housework. Call or address 1169 Mission
St., room 7.
' O.MAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY AS
laundress or houst-C!eaning. Call 43 Willow
! aye., cor. Pol* st.
! IJOSITION AS NUKSE; CAN TAKE ENTIRE I
: X charge of baby from birth. Address 128 V
Ninth st.
I .YOU.NO WOMAN WISHES TO GO OUT BY
A the day at any kind of work. Call or address
I 12 Bourbin piece.
I \V OMAN WISHES TO DO WORK BY THE
»' day; any kind of work. Call or address 408
i McAllister st.; bakery.
I p. MPETENT~WOMAN WISHES WORK BY i
! \J the day. 1718 Lexinetou aye., nr. Eighteenth
; St., bet. Valencia and Mission.
I OVERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO
* I light housework and plain cooking. 7a Ran-
I dall place, off Sixteenth st., bet. Mission and
I Valencia.
"VT EAT RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITU-
XI ation to do general housework In small fam-
lly. Address 27 Stevenson aye., off Brady si.
\ r OCXG GIRL SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X English; do children's dresses; would like posi-
tion in respectable family; care for children and
light housework. Address 511 Hyde St., from 10
I a. m. to 4 p. m.
"VTEAT YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL WANTS
Xi general housework in an American family ; is
a good plain cook; wages $20. Call or address
I 1810 Broderick st.
\ T 0 U NOG WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
i. light housework in small family; no washing.
Please call or address 1402 Pacific st., near Hyde.
A?" OU NG WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITUATION
.1 as working housekeeper, or cooking, country
preferred. Address E. E., box 15, Call Office.
ORPHAN GIRL, 13 OLD, desires
good home: speaks English and German; refer-
ences. Address o. G., box 124, Call Office.
"EXPERIENCED SEAMSTRESS DESIRES
Jit plain sewing and mending; hours 1 to 5. 105
Stockton st., room 22. *
ITUAITON~WANTED BY A SCAN DIN A-
vian girl to do general housework. Call or ad-
dress for 2 days at 49 Sacramento st.
"V OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE TO WORK IN
J- au office as copyist or address envelopes. Ad-
dress C, box 163, Call Office.
1 FRENCH LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO
JO do sewing, etc: good dressmaker: waiting, etc.,
and as chambermaid. Address LEONIE EHLY,
13 Trenton Bt..oft'Paclfic,bet. Stockton and Powell.
AN EXPERIENCED GIRL WISH ES~~SIT A-
tion as cook or general housework in small
family. 509 Nineteenth st.
ADY WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
-i keeper, city or country. Call or address 137
Seventh st., room 3.
EXPECTABLE GIRL WANTS SITUATION
for housework and cooking. • Call 1024 How-
ard st., room IS.
G~ OOD COOK, SWEDISH WOMAN. LATELY
from the East, with best of references, wishes
a situation; American family preferred. Call or
write to A. J., 3'JSVi Tenth su <■{ ",-\ .;.:.-.-;:
GOOD DRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS,
from Vienna, wants place in private family for
sewing and chamberwork; New York and city
references. Address F,. box ISO. Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED FOR SECOND WORK
or general housework in small family by very
competent girl. Call for It. X.. 515 Eighth st.
"fir ANTED— BY A YOUNG LADY, POSITION
• » to do general office work. Address B. D., 40
Erie st.
"V'OING LADY WISHES ANY LIGHT OCCU-
-L pation from 9 till 5 p. M. daily; can cut mid fit
dresses; children's clothes made, etc. Apply 706
Ellis st.
"V'OUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by the day; washing, Ironing and houseclean-
! ing. Call or address 319-321 Ellis St., Rosedale
j House.
IDDLE-AGED RELIABLE WOMAN WISH-
es to do housework by the month or day. 912
Howard St., nr. Fifh.
j xroxma widow DESIRES SITUATION.
-L housekeeper or general housework; city or
country. 905% Powell st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nfeht;
81 50 to $6 per weekuconvenient and respectable;
tree bus to ami from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
DNTEB Co7^CHINESE~Xn D JApXn^
XX ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
PC. G. COOK'S SOcT SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Granl46.
HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414 i/ 2 O'Karrell; tel. i-:. 426.
JAPANESE AND CHIN ESK EMPLOYMENT
0 office; best help. 3148 Slitter: tel. Grant 30.
SITUATION WANTED TO DRIVE MILK
! i~ wagon: well acquainted with city. Address
! M. \\"., box 48, Call.
1 A MERICAN (28 YEARS) WISHES A POSI-
I tion as driver of horses; has business college
education. Address American, box 137, Call.
ORCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPEN FOR
engagement; 15 years' California experience;
; orchard, vines, stock and general farming; Al
references. Address Ranch, 312 Vi Fulton st.
OACIFMAN (ENGLISH): THOROUGHLY
. understands his business; also garden and
i cows; first-class Eastern and California refer-
j ences. Add. TED, 1649 Everett St., Alameda, Cal.
LECTRICITY— WAN POSITION BY A
reliable and steady mechanical genius as ap-
! prentice in electrical works in this city. Address
! E., box 114, this office.
! DELIABLE MAN WANTS POSITION" AS
j Xt coachman and gardener: can milk; city or
I country: good references. Address J. M., box 126,
■ Call Office.
I ANTED— SITUATION TO CARE HOUSES
1 ■»» and garden; handy with tools and ia good
driver. ■■' adress O. I., box 22. this office.
VIA N WHO C A N RUN CIRCULAR SAW;
1 l'J handy with bench tools and machinery; fair
wages. GEORGE R. HUFF, 606 Folsom St.
WORK AS A WAITER; DA OK. NIGHT;
»» any terms; by a thoroughly intelligent, polite
and reliable young man of good character; but
little experience. Address H., box 106, Call Office.
SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Kas'.ern and San Francisco references
' wishes situation as coachman and gardener. All-
! dress C. G., box 137, Call Office. -
} TmUST-cI. PAINTER, TINTER ANT)
I -T paper-hancer wants work by the day: roll or
I contract. Address Paper-hanger, box 72, Call.
I AN, 30, THOROUGHLY B ELI ABLE, NOT
I i'l afraid of work, wants employment; writes a
1 good hand. Add 1 ess N. N.. box 120, Call Office.
■ A\ r ANTED— SITUATION TO CARE FOR
»" horses, drive and do gardening: low wages;
best of reference. C. C., box 131, Call Office.
AN AND WIFE; MAN AS FOREMAN IN
cellar and vineyard, thoroughly understands
his business: wife to do cooking; good reference.
J. P., box 163, Call Office.
OY, LIVING AT HOME. 17 YEARS OLD,
who has had 3 years' experience in one shop m
j the In-rooting and metal-cornice work, wishes to
finish his trade or get some work where his ex-
p rience is of . value. Address G., box 32, Call
Office.
1 ' ERMAN MAN AND WIFE CAPABLE AND
"I industrious want situation, or would take full
charge of private place or small ranch: man is a
gardener and handy man; wife a good strong
house-worker. Address M, box 3, Call Office,
Oakland. ;:v : V
J" "APANESE FAITHFUL BOY WISHES POSI-
O 1 lon for housework or cook good reference. Ad-
dress S. N., 52934 Geary St.
OY, BETWEEN 16 AND 17, WOULD LIKE
to get work. Address 102 Lundy lane.
"YOUNG MAS (GERMAN) WISHES A PLACE
X as barkeeper; city or country. Address WIL-
LIAM v. ELLING, care of C. UUNTEMANN &
'<>.. 801 Kearny st. ■ .:
S"TEADY RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN (22)
O wishes a situation. . Address THEODORE
PETERSON, BV2I Hampshire St., city.
YOUNG MAN WISHES A POSITION AS
-I watchman, Janitor or porter; best. of reference.
Call or address 1237 Stockton st-, room 19. •
JiLIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES SITUA-
tion in some light business; wages no object.
Address J. M., 54 Oak st, .
OACHMAN— A YOUNG EASTERN MAN
wishes I situation in gentleman's place; thor-
oughly understand* his business:- years, of New
York City references. Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
ramento st., 8. F. ;,., ' . ■'• :■ ..'TVi
SITUATION .WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
in private place to take care of horses, garden
and cows; good driver: best of references. Ad.
dress J. DESH WAN DEN, Napa, Cal. . . . . . ; '
BY GOOD GERMAN COOK FOR HOTEL, RES-
tiuiranlor boarding-house. - Call 545 Mission.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED COOK, SMALT <«', BOARDING-
house, $30: French ;j middle-aged . nurse,
$20; German or Swedish cook, $ 0; woman to as-
sist housework; $15; German nurse and second
work, $25: youni; uursegir:, $10: Spanish cham-
bermaid, $15. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. \
(~* IRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK AND WAIT-
VX ing: French nurse; housework girls, $12 to
•15. MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post at. \ . ' ■ h:
"OMAN AND BOY, RANCH, $20;. COOK,
j »» Fresno. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton at.
HELP WANTED ContiPtted.
COOK, ranch, *20.~JlISS~~CULLENr823
Sntterst. .
G\ ERMAN NURSE. $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
VJ Sutter st. - ..
N ELDERLY WOMAN, COUNTRY, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
pOOK. HOSPITAL, $40. MISS CUIJiEN, 323
\J Sutler st. -'. - ■ -
PERSIAN OR SWEDISH MOTHER AND
\J daughter, $26, country. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ,
ri ( ?^TT'r TEL ' $30, MUST GO TO-DAY. - MISS
\J CULLEN, 323 Sntter St.
noOK, OAKLAND, $30: COOK. CIT I, $36, PRI-
\J vate family. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutterst.
1*323^1 • SEC «JND~GIKL, $20. MISS CULLEN,
JL 323 Sutterst.
T . A D V MAiD, $25 TO $30: MUST UNDER- ]
-*-' stand massage. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler. I
Ci i A . M B X $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 I
\J Sutler street.
HOUSEKEEPER FOR WIDOWER'S FAM-
il.v. $10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
\l A ID, -$2O AN. SLEEP HOME; SECOND
jj'-i- girl, $l's; uurse.s2o;cook,S«,n LuisObispo,si.»s:
Monterey County, $20;. S an Jose, $25; 15hous<-
work girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 young c ris to as- I
sist, $10 to $15. MISS cn,Ll,x. 323 Sutter. .
I A UNDRESS AND SECO.VD GIRL FOR j
Jj country, must have references, 525; German I
or Irish, girl for housework. *20: Scandinavian
girl for Alameda, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. >
■pKOFESSIONAL COOK FOR INSTITUTION,
X must have city references, $50; pastry cook
and baker, summer resort. $50; pastry cook, small
hotel, near city. $'J5; cook, country notel, $25:
cook, country hotel, $30: ironer for No. 9 Troy
machine, $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
WAITRESS FOR WATER RESORT, $20:
" waitress for South, fare advanced, $20; wait-
ress for summer resort, $20; chambermaid for
city, $15. C, It. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
\\r ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
» » girl for cooking and housework. 3 in family,
$25, see party here at 10 to-day : 2 German and
•Scandinavian second girls. $20; nurse children,
325: cook, plain wash, $30: pastry cook, *30;
laundress and chambermaid, $25; working house-
keeper, Si:o, and a large number or girls for cook-
ing and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 312 Sutter st.
TTOUSEWOKK GIRLS, WOODLAND, SANTA
11 Cruz, Sacramento and other country towns;
second girl, $20; waitress, $15. MURRAY &
READY. 634 Clay St.
ERMAN GIRL for CHAMBERWORK, $20:
\J room, board, etc.; call early. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market St.
HEAD WAITRESS. $30; WAITRESS FOR
springs, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st.
A OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE; |
i»l \\ inchester House. 44 Third St., near Market; I
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free 'bus to and from ferry.
GIRLFORHOUSEWORK, 3 IN FAMILY, S2O;
\J waitress, $25; invalid's nurse, $30: 5 girls for
housework. 721 Ellis st.
BRIGHT INTELLIGENT LADY TO SOLICIT
for printing, P., box 110, this office.
WANTED-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
*' work; assist with children. 225 Sanchez st.
"Y"OUN(; GIRL to ASSIST WITH LIGHT
X housework, and care of children; one who
speaks German preferred. 118 Fair Oaks st.
WA NTED — GIRL OR MIDDLE- AGED
M woman for housework. Apply 115 Fair Oak
St., bakery. ,
/"URL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND AS-
* J sist with children. 8033 Sacramento st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO ASSIST WITH
J.'A housework and help with children. 732
Twenty-fifth st.
IRL TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK AND CARE
of baby, $10 per month. 1334 Page st.
EX PERI ENC ED HANDS ON LADIES'
waists and wrappers. S. STEIN 126 Bth st.
V EAT YOUNG GJRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
■IV work. Call Bto 12 181 2 Bush st,
GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
home: references. ' 637 Ellis st.
Immediately"; FIRST -class WAIST-
X hand. 1411 Lyons St.
W ETNUHSE; IMMEDIATELY; STRONG,
'' healthy woman. 2091 Market st.
IRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
light housework and mind baby. 34 Rush st. j
ANTED— FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS.
• ' 14 McAllister St., room 19.
GI i M ,S WITH GOOD REFERENCES WILL
VJ find the best places at MRS. CATTJ-.LL'S Em-
ployment Bureau, 525 Eighth st., Oakland.
GIRL To TAKE CARE CHILD AND MAKE
VT herself useful around kitchen. 2014 Green st.
ANTED— GIRL, FRENCH OB GERMAN,
»' to do upstairs work. 1207 Gough st.
W a n t ED- FINISHERS AND BUTTON i
" hole-makers. I. HARRIS. 1117 Howard st.
APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM COATS. 527 N A- !
toma st.
\ PPRENTICES on CUSTOM COATS; PAY
■l\- while learning. 410 Kearnv St., room »'4.
AIRDRESsINO. 250 AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
T RESRMAKING, CUTTING AND . FITTING
I' taught: new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
17URST-OLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE BUT
A first-class need apply. 504 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in very room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night.-, $1 60 10 $6 per
week: f*»e bus to and from the ferry.
i PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
• \ ting and muking. 14 McAllister, nns 67 and 68.
MALE HELP WANTED.
MACHINE BHIRT POLISHER, "COUNTRY i
laundry, $12 a week; kitchen hand, country
restaurant. $20; 10 tiemakers, 8, 9 and 10 cents,
good timber, everything furnished: roadmakers,
sawmill and woodsmen. R. T. WARD <fc CO..
608 and 610 Clay st.
■EXPERIENCED FOR EM FORA MARBLE-
-I J quarry. $3 a day: foreman for a gravel mine, I
see party here; lineman to take charge of donkey :
engine In the woods: 2 milkers, 522 50. see party i
here. C. R. HANSEN CO., 110 Geary st. j
( CIRCULAR SAWYER, COUNTRY SAWMILL, !
V?i a day, see par y here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
"] (\ EXTRA WAITERS FOR COUNTRY HO- I
LV/ tel, see party here. $2 a day and fare; pantry-
| man, country hotel, $25. see party here; polisher
| on Troy machine, $2 a day; cook and wife, country I
restaurant. $30. C. R. HANSEN A, CO., 110
Geary st.
\\r ANTED— S QUARTZ MINERS, $2 60 PER I
»» day and $40 an 1 board; fruit farmer and wife, i
; *30; 3 milkers, $20 and $25; 2 chore boys, $5 and '
$10 and found; kitchen man for country and
others. Apply to J. F. CIIOSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
lfin f\t'tf\ "EDWOOD TIES TO CUT, 8, 9.
X\JVr.\J\i\J 10, 11 and 12 cents each, tools and
fool furnish' d by com; any, see boss at our offices: !
broommaker; gardener, private family, $-5; 3 |
ranch teamster* ; 3 laborers; charcoal-burner:
spool-tender; vegetable gardener; farmer and wife;
3 wire nail operators; 6 cooks; 6 waiters: 3 dish-
washers: 2 ironers, etc. MURRAY & BEADY,
634 and 886 Clay st.
1 ~\ C\C\Cl CORDS OF 4-FOOT HE D WOOD TO
XU.yjyjyf cut: 70 cents cord: call early. MUR-
RAY & READY, 6^4 and 636 Clay st.
T AUNDRYMAN, $30. HOARD, ROOM, ETC.;
XJ 4 good solicitors on a salary: man for brush
cutting r.nd teaming, $20, board, etc.: man and
wife, small restaurant, cook and helper, $30.
room, etc. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st.
ANTED — EXPERIENCED ELEVATOR- I
»» boy about 19 years of ace; must be of good ad- !
dress and willing to put in long hours; salary $5 per
Week. Address, stating reference, Active, box 15, |
Call Office.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON LADIES' !
jack, and suits. DANNENBAUM, MUEL-
LER .t KAILS, 723 Market St.. fourth floor.
, X OY WANTED WHO UNDERSTANDS trim-
•■' ming cutting on ladies' shoes. J. C. NOLAN
&CO., 541 Market st.
MA CHI Nl SIS wanted — couple good
men; must be the very best. 215 Spear st.
W ANTED— AI CARPET-LA YKR; WAGES
' ' $12 a week. C, box 14. Call Office.
■' U? ANTKD-BARBI,K FOR SATURDAY ON
" percentage. 761 Howard st.
GOOD CHANCE FOR GOOD SOLICITOR FOR I
good and permanent income. Apply 224 Eddy.
HOUSE-PAINTER AT CORNER 19TH AYE.
XX and 25th st., East Oakland. .... ;
ANTSMAKERS WANTED. APPLY ROOM
1 315, Spre<-kels building.
\\r .AITEIt WANTED— INGLESIDE RACE
'» track. Llnell's Kitchen, call before 9a. m.
1 (Hi MEN TO GET A FIRhT-Ci. ASS SHAVE
XVJ\I free. Inquire 639 Kearny st.
MUSH AND MILK.' SOUP, PIE, PUDDING I
■!'• < r fruit and two kinds of | vegetables free with
all our 10c meals. 639 Kearny st. -
\,\ ANTED— AN UPHOLSTERY AND CAR-
" pi salesman; none but those with practical
experience in a retail house need apply. call at
623 Market st., room 7, from 3 to 6 P. M. . . .;
.Vir ANTED— A PRACTICAL FURNITURE
"' salesman; one with some -knowledge of no- ;
liolstery.-.ana -" carpets ; preferred. Apply 623
Market st., room 7, from 3t06 p. m. .
GERMAN GIRL WANTS HONEST PARTNER j
VI with $100 capital in delicacies store; good loca-
tion; c. cap rent: must be handy and make himself
useful. 619 Geary st. , ; : : . ; ;,: : .
iiTjjTn ; PAR! IN EXPRESS • BUSI-
-(poUU, ness: established 9 years; double and
single team; best ' chance In lifetime for active
man; bargain. sTEN MKIUi & CO.. 632 Market st.|
VKf ANTED— STEADY MAN AS PARTNER I N
i*» pay ins wood and coal.. yard; must; have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, L'6yfe Kearuy st.
EXPERIENCED BUSINESS man WHO IS
willing to ! invest $200 in saloon and ■ lunch-
house; no wages. Address E.. box 79. Call Office. | §
-"N *? W WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
X> , 3d and Single furnished I rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
"VI EN'S 1/2-SOLING 50c: LADJE-V 40c; DONE
J.U while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
■---■■
HELP ANTED— Continued.
WANTED — pTrtN^Bh! EStXbTTsTTeD
»» business: $100: on easy ' terms. J. M., box
111. Call Office. ....■-
-BARBER FURMTUIIE, 2-CHAIR OUTFIT,
nearly new, for sale cheap. A. L., box 63, Call.
SAY. BOYS-TONY, 722 HOWARD. GIVES 3
eggs, mush, soup, coffee, 10c; a good square
meal for sc; give us a call.
(fl« 'Kn PAYING CORNER SALOON WANTS
<tjpZi*J\J. partner; experience not necessary. 633
Howard st. . •
A RBI^R-SHOP~FOR~SA~Lrc~IN OAKLAND;
i-» l chair. Address B, box 4. Call Office. Oakland.
XPERIENCED DRESS, DOMESTIC AND
l-i men's furnishing salesmen. Address. Drive.
box 33, Call Office.
A\." ANTED— BOY OF GOOD FAMILY IS A
''first-class architect's office to learn the pro-
| fesslon ; no pay. Address Boy, box 140, Call Office.
BARBER 15c. SHOP FOR SALE ON AC
count of going East. 1525 Park St., A lamed a.
\\T A NTED-MAN TO MAKE HIMSELF GEN-
'» erally useful at a lunch counter; must have
8 1 5. 23 Keamy St., room 10.
jjARBER — partner with $200 ; ELE- j
j* pantry htted-up shop; good location. STOLTZ, j
630 Market st.
ASTER WEEK— 2 FRESH EGGS, WITH
J coffee, tea or milk, bread, butter, etc., sc. 635
Clay st., Bi? Yellow Front.
IVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY i
-IJ profitable proposition; accident. health and life !
insurance. Call bet. 3 & 5 p. m., or address Fidelity I
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18. !
| COATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11 |
\\J a. m. at Golden Gate aye. entrance to I
CHARLES LYONS. London Tailor, 1212 to 1218
Market st.
BEST IN CITY— ' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: 81. 81 25. SI 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Lejdesdorff sts.
VIA ANTED-LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third si.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; 81 to $3 per week.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; best in the city, si ng;e rooms
20 and 26c a night, SI a w*ek: meals 10c.
"IV | EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS. 26c: DONE 15
■IX minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
VY r ANTED— BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi- i
tions furnished; reasonable terms b.- culling this
week; catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1515 Howard St.
LaSKA GOLD FIELDS.
The fast sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15. weather permit- ;
ting, taking a limited number of passengers.- For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Bhipbroker and Agent, 506 Battery st.
1 i \(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
| -'v/ and 20c a night, including co.Tee and rolls. h
I 624 Washington st., near Kearny.
\i ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
-»-> inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
i-e'.arv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHH.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy. P. C. Hamann, 2381/2 O'Farrell.
BEvr place In city for second-hand
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
| » » your old shoes and make them as good as new,
; and with our new machines we can do your work j
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait. I
562 Mission at., between First and Second sts.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; *1 10 84 week: open all night. I
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD; I
1»1 all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME !
nearly new, 25c to 81 25. 662 Mission. I
LCHO HOUSE, 863V4, MARKET STV^ '
J Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $S week. |
KATTOS J..AW AND COLLECTION AGENCY* '•
Iv Prompt collections; references. 512 Montg'y. i
\\T INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 TH ST.. NEAR |
»' Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading- ;
room: free bus to and from the ferry. ■?•■;; j
\\T ANTED— COLLECT WAGES DUE j
» » laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Suiter
R EE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
-T also a bottl »of lager, 6c, at U37 Clay si,
11KY ACME Hot. ».)7 .uAKKET ST., BE-
J. low Sixth, for a room: 260 a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS. 15c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily pnii>rs. 36 ('lav st. ' •"
AGENTS WANTED.
A^TvA^sTR^r^TEITD^Y^JA^tANTEED] I
Room 41, 14 McAllister St.
GENTS WANTED IN EVERY CITY AND !
town of the Pacific coast to handle, the best, |
: quick-selling novelty out; no hum Dug; write to-
| day ; full particulars with samples 10c. Address
( MANUFACTURERS' AGENT, P. O. box 206H, >
: San Francisco. Cid. ;
HOUSES WANTED.
TV* ANTED- FURNISHED COTTAGE OF 3 '
»» bedrooms tor 3 months; one hour's ride from
San Francisco state rent. Add. 613' Lombard.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
iIfAN rED^BUGGY-HORSE FOR 1 OR 2
'» months or more, by responsible party, for its
care. Address 612 .Montgomery st.
ELL YOUR BOOK S." (LOTH ING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth at.: send postal.
_ CLAIRVOYANTS.
tVeTUBNED-ImME. D§L J ATLANTA, BUSI-
It ness and test medium: tells from crrdle to i
| grave; reveals every hidden mystery; gives advice j
on love, marriage and all affairs; she has no equal; j
: before going on a journey or into business call on
the gifted lady; locates mines and buried treasure;
removes evil influences; all should seek her coun- I
sel: hours, 9a.m. to 8 p.m. ; open Sundays. 1055
Market St.. opp. Hibernia Bank.
RARE OPPORTUNITY ~~ -
to consult the great clairvoyant,
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
Knowledge is Power.
Remain not in darkness and Ignorance, but seek
I the light of wisdom and learn what Hie future holds
: for you. He is ever ready to assist the troubled
i and unfortunate, and always meets with success.
All are pleased with his readings. PROFESSOR
| F. EUGENE, 1728 Market su
pROF. 7. A NZIC, THE WHITE MaHATMA
X palmist and clairvoyant medium, 315 Kills St.,
: telis past, present and future events with utmost
| truth; sittings; ladies 50c, gents 81.
I CAC AND SI. ~ '. ~~" 60C AND 81.
j O\t PROFESSOR LKON, 533 POST ST.
Wonderful power: gives advice on business,
I speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc. ; letters
| with stamps answered. Hours 9 to S; also Sunday.
MMX. MOREAC, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future up. 7«4 Howard st.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 50c and $1, shows you the Dictureof
\ your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
CO N 8 U LT THE GREATEST SEERESS OF
\J the century for 25c. 116 a Grant aye.. room 5.
MME. PORTER, CARD- KE~A~l)l£R; TiCILS
past, present, future: ladles 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, tings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
KEMtaIBER G RE A TEST" SKERESS^OF
li the age. Parlor 5, 116 a Grant aye.
ME. RAVENNA HEADS LIFE~FLUKNTLY,
tips on races, names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.
\j ME. EX7.DIUS. CLAIRVOYANT, Ri>
l'l moved to 1003 Mission, nr. Sixth; fee 50c.
MMX. STEWART; GREATEST CARDREAD-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
j read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits |
| marriage; ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
I VI ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
I -i'l er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
| present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
i ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure |
! help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake mi- !
possible: fee $1 : letter S2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin. |
. SPIRITUALISM.
ETURNED, w"orTd~RENO\V.VED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
prißunt and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
YPSY MEDIUM -SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VI days Included): 25c up. 946 Mission; hrs 10 to 9.
RSI J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
nee medium: sittings $1. 21 H Stocktons:. .
HORSES. " ~~
F^~OrT~SALE^ cT^rA^P^LN^^mjRSE^AND
business wagon suitable for light delivery. In-
quire 626 Kearuy st. •
Ta HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
I" buggies, carls, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 A, | SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
■I" 1 'kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. . The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st. f ., ;
"I/OR SALE- 16 HEAD YOUNG. SOUND
J work horses; weight 1000 to 1600 pounds. Hack
and Sale stables. 10115 Howard st., near sixth.
BART SULLIVAN, Proprietor.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
X change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
■ will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale 1
i Stable, cor. Geary and Leaven worth sts.; auction
i sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
j proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 2-0 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.
1 ?\(\ »KTS new A.sD SECOND-HAND HAR-
J O\J ness-, all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons, r 1128 Mission st. •
K.C.H.WESTPHAL, VETERINARY sur-
veon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
tiospilal. I'ttv Hal! aye.: telephone smith 401. .
, . WAGONS AND; CARRIAGES.
LIGHT KXPRESS WA(JON, TOP, PO^LE;
j^_made to order. 107 New Montgomery. ■ - ; •*«
BUILDING AND ■ LOAN ASSOCIATION
p O NTI NENTA L'IfuiLDI ; N G^aTn'iTloaN "aS-
\J soclatlon— Home office. 222 Pansome st., S. F.
General savings it loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldr.dge, V-Pr. ; W. Corbin, Sec. it Gen. Man.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
rf^^"YTsET£roir EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
1 of any kind see STRAND & CO., 46 Third st.
l-rfk WANTED — STEADY MAN AS
— «J'". partner in cash commission ouslness;
will clear at least $75 per month to each; estab-
lished over 10 years:. experience not necessary;
thorough investigation allowed; no night or Sun-
day work. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
nORNER GROCERY AND BAR: BARGAIN
\J if sold this week. STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third.
J>'7rf» CORNER BAKERY; GOOD MORSE
«J> i OU. and wagon. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
<t>Q/7?: BRANCH BAKERY. NR. 2 SCHOOLS;
»InO i O bargain. STRAND & CO.. 45 Thud st.
SALOON — BEST PART OF MARKET ST.;
offer wanted. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
©9'7f; cigar- sto re and LaUN D R V
«]js^ 10. ofliee. STRAND it CO., 45 Third St.
<*tl9^A LOON AND RESTAURANT;
«3)-LZc)U. clears 150 per month. STRAND <fc
CO., 45 Third st. -
<m-| AAA RESTAURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE:
«IpJ.UU\/. ol -established place; first-class run-
ning order: daily receipts $65 to $70; present
owner 3 years; full Investigation; - ; will exchange
I for city real estate. STENBERG CO., 632 .Market.
' rpKAMSTKRS, ATTENTION — EXPRESS
i ■i. transfer company: has the cream of trade be-
; tween this city and Oakland; clears $300 per
: month over; proprietor owns his own property,
1 burns, offices, storages, etc.; one of the nicest,
i cleanest and steadiest businesses in this State;
■■ making sure income; grand opportunity for some
! active man. STENBERG; 632 Market st.
! <2:1 ,-/W| PARTNER WANTED; LIVERY
' «E>lc)lMf. and boarding stable; it will -prove
I most popular: best paying stable In city; one of
the handsomest, best appointed, and conducted in
most thorough businesslike manner; making more
money than any other stable In the city; 27
boarders: 20 livery horses; full equipments; bug-
gies, carriages, hacks best in market; clears $300
a month; needs help. STENBERG & CO., 632
] Market st. ; T>. .
I <£«QAA LIQUOR - STORE; THIRD ST.:
I COUU. transfer point. STENBERG, 632 Mkt.
atOAi./i CORNER SALOON ON LARGE,
is)£\J\>\j. most frequented thoroughfare in the
city; first-class trade: will prove well paying;
value in sight; elegant fixtures and living-rooms
furnished: is an old-established place and will bear
full investigation. STKRNBERG C 0. ,632 Market.
WANTED — STEADY, ACTIVE MAN FOR
\ '» laundry route; established 8 year?: first-class
i horse and wagon; guaranteed to clear $90 to $125
I a month; $360 required. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st.
V I -./A BUTCHER-SHOP: FIC.ST-CLA-S LO-
«tIF>tr«JVJ. cation; splendidly fitted un; Al horse
and cart: most desirable class of custom: monthly
; receipts from $050 to $700; proposition easily
■ worth double; circumstances compelling this sac-
-1 rifice will be explained; rare opening for any one.
IM. LESS & CO, 783 Market st,
I ffljl A(\T\ WOOD, coal; hay and grain
J-Ttv-'v'. business across the bay; rent free;
I horses, wagons, scales, etc.: building included;
agency for Ice Co. M. LESS & CO., 783V2 Market.
Al \f\ CORNER SALOON AT TERMINI'S
*£>i-\Jy>\J. of two cable lines: old established:
well worth $2000 to anyone: trial given: cheap
rent, long lease. M. LESS CO.. 783V 2 Market st.
(&P.CO PLUMBING AND GASFITTING
j »4piJ»J\J. business: !.ood store trade; 3 living-
I rooms M. LEss & CO., 7831/4. Market st.
<JO ( CORNER GROCERY A. VI) BAR;
<p -» ' . best location north of Market st, : has
finest c.ii s of trade; more than valu» in sight;
genuine bargain. M. LESS & CO., 783 V» Market.
j <Bj7fui SALOON ON MARKET ST.; NICKLY
«3? I \J\J. fitted up; paying business; bargain for
I any one. M. LESS & CO.. 783V 2 Market st.
i CjOOO FINE RESTAURANT, CENTRAL,
I <P*_)vl/. north of Market, near Kearny; best
I class custom; splendid trade. M. LESS & CO.,
■ 783 i/a Market St., near Fourth.
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; ELEGANTLY
fitted ap; within few doors of Baldwin; cheap
I rent: long lease. M. LESS <fc CO., 783 V Market.
i Sit I AlkA : INDUSTRIOUS MAN IN ESTAB-
; tID lvv/U. lished, cash business: paying $150
: monthly: splendid investment. JOHNSTON &
: CO.. 26y 2 Kearny st.
i ©9^o PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
1 tJP*j«JU. established over 10 years; guaranteed
j to clear 820 weekly to each. 26V2 Kearny st.
! CjySfV BUTCHER-SHOP; OLD " ESTA R-
i «inO«7V/. llsbed: 2 horses; wagons: receipts $20
to $25 daily: cheap rent; a sacrifice. JOHN-
STON, 26 Va Kearny st.
<2i~l 9?. B. BAKERY; 4 FURNISH ED ROOMS.
(£±4o. BARREiT-SKIFF, 921 Marset st
ATTENTION ! paying AND finely
-TV. fitted Market-st. saloon; will oe sacrificed on
at count of sickness; positive proof; must sell-
make offer. BARRETT & SKIi-F, 921 Market st.
Song man IN THE kight PLACE— at
I •'a sacrifice; restaurant at junction an I transfer
point. BARRETT & faKIFF, 921 Market st.
<3?7OO SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE: KS-
( <iD I \J\J. tablished 30 years: rent $30; on Califor-
I nia and Montgomery. Inquire 533 California St.,
Phoenix Bar.
©900 CIGAR-STORE, DOING a GOOD
, <**-«"• business; rare chance to secure a tine
j stand at actual cost of stock; rent cheap, and the
, place is worth double amount asked; investigate
this bareain. T. LUBEKKE, 7 City Hall aye.
! SALE, TO EXCHANGE OR
: %r<J\J\'\J . for rent — Property in center of Berke-
ley: lot 90x135; cottage 5 rooms, bath, windmill,
; stable: 4-year-old orchard; will take part cash or
. trade for good business. Address WICKE, 1148
Suiter st.
ARE CHANCE— FOR SALE. A GOOD SA-
loon; not much money required; good reason
1 for gelling given. Inquire old Louvre, Pnelan
building, between 2 and 3 o'clock i- jt
-pARTNER— FURNITURE A l, STORAGE:
-I- good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister.
<2? A^() SALOON, WITH 3 LIVING ROOMS;
*iT>l<J\J. rent only $25; opp. Builders' Exchange;
rarest chance; must be sold to-day. Inquire
I WILKE, 533 California st., Plupnix Bar.
\\' OOD AND COAL YARD FOB SALE; A
" bargain: horses,;wagons, etc; long lease; house
rent free; no agents. Apply Call Office.
<ft4on A NEAT SALOON ON MARKET ST. :
«jpiu\7. lease; rent cheap. Apply bet. 11 a. m.
and 2 r. m., 5 and 8 p. m. to L. SCUEIB, 200 Hyde
st. No agents.
ALOON~FOR SALE: ELEGANTLY FITTED
KJ up; no better location in the city. Inquire of
McLEOD&HATJE, 515 Market St. *
90 PER CENT ANNUM GUARANTEED
4.\J for investment in well-established business.
Particulars apply to J. H. COULTER, 855 Broad-
way, Oakland.
PARTNER WITH $1500 TO TAKE INTER-
J- est and manufacture three patents: by this in-
crease of capital a man can step into a nice, clean,
independent business that will give good returns-
patents worth easy $5000 each. Address Partner
box 164, Call Mice. '
CUfWk CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
<i?.U\J\J. large store; stock and fixtures worth
more than price asked; 5700 cash, balance on
lime; owner has two stores; see owner from 1 to 4
p. m.. sw: corner Folsom and Langton, between
Seventh and Eighth sta.
GIVEN AWAY":" FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
biuiness: account departure. 303 Third st.
Good" paying BUSINESS FOR A YOUNG
man. FRANK C. McCANN, 122 Market st.
p REAT CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD WAGES
VT with from $300 to $500. Address E., box 82
Call Office. '
rare C ll A C "_ fine grocery and
-^"*- bar. Folsom and Twelfth s:s.
TF YOU WANT TO SKLL OR BUY A BUSI-
X ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I, 1 OK SALE — A G.'OD- PAYING CANDY-
X store; established 12 years; best locality; long
lease; clearing ove<- $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment: full investigation allowed.
See owner at, 22 Sixth st.
NR97^I FIXE old ESTABLISHED CORNER
i)jJ^l*J. saloon; positive bargain. 429 Fourth.
L.MJR SALE-BAR AND BACK BAR AND ALL
I r fixtures, etc. 346 Third st. '
I ■SQrtO PARTNER IN EASY BUSINE-S;
I <ip*J\J\.'. $100 guaranteed per month. C C
I IiIOKOK & CO., 873 V Market st.
I? o**0 **- SALE — CHEAP; GOOD-PAYING SA-
X loon; owner going East. Apply 624 Sacramento.
V°v. X SA^K-CIOAR-!STAND AND BARBEiT
1 shop. 1125 Market st. ; S2OO.
■fc'-i"S(T(7 I: in BUSINESS WITH gro-
<TO OVJU. cerj-stores: clearing $200 month;
trial given. Address E. G., box 54. this office.
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; 3 LIVING-
. rooms: rent $20. Apply this office.
OYSTER AND CH< HOUSE CHEAP. make
offer to owner. 26 2 Kearny st., room 4.
<St 9 ."^ fl RESTAURANT AND BAKERY-
Mission ' bargain: good reason for selling. 917
( .1 ROCERY AND SALOON; MUST BE SOLD-
Aj a bargain. Call at 332 Main st. '
XTOTICE-TO LETJ'N EL CAMPO, THE HOB-
X>-by horses for the season: send bid statine the
amount you will give. Address J. HAYDI- N 650
Market st., Chronicle building. ' ow
T HAVE THE BKST PAYING GENERAL
J. merchandise business in California; on account
of increasing business I desire 10 secure alive
energetic man to purchase half interest- exneii
enoe not necessary; must have $1000- stock
m^, $3 A^!4ir 25ti:oagg£^gg
1; ye^y
atabargam. P. K. RYAN, 2935 Washington st
"C-OR RENT -SAN MATEO HOUSE AND
-T bakery; 16 rooms, bakery, stable and yard;
PKN, "an MaTeo" Of **" ■ Mateo - Squire T. UIpI
•t "i>| •.till ->IHtPO. j
1) RANT AND SALOON; GOOD I.OCA-
sions < : a bttrgaln - CaU at Premises, 3131 Mis-
YC^ R f^ IjK , OK IjEASr: : 4 SUITABLE RANCH-
1. es. for poultry, pigs or dairy. CONKLIN, Bruno
road, near six-mue House, office red flag. "'"""
■Filt^oiW l^ U RUCK KY AND BAR. AP-
X ply ■■!9i^ Turk st. ■ ■■'.-
-1 OCksMFTH ' AND JOBBING BUSINESS FOR
J^Bale. Apply 1740 Market st.
BRANCH BAKERY; FINE TRADE AND LO-
cation. Apply Call Office. -:'.:> ■■ *
Q PK r £?" STORE FOH SALE cheap, 261
v^ inird st. .-.-■ , - ■.■_ .-, - :; . • • •
T , ADY WANTS PARTNER WITH $60 CA PI.
XJ lal; country business. r 12 Mason it., room 2. .
*W Xl i L ' ESTABLISHED WOOD,: COAL, tEED
« and livery stable; sickness. F., box 16 Call.
ItirSINKSM CHAXCKS-Contlntied.
■STT/Wk "*!»»( >X, STATIONERY AND CIO A
Si 00. ,re; sacrifice. HEGARTY. 1004
Market m. :
I FIII'IISTKIi X: ROOMS-. FURNITURE;
J^ !va«on; bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
01* 'nil FINK BAKERY, OVEN, ETC.: $18
$O00.ilalIy; rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Mar-
ket st. ,
in.-, -7. GOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT; A
$)li)0. bargain, B. J HEGARTY,IOO4MarkPU
OOD-PAYINO SALOON with restau-
\J runt and iwlulrit'-hoiise connected; In middle
ofrltv irni.Hfer corner: tine location and fixtures.
Inijufre 20 Vfayette si., off -Mission, bet. Eleventh
and Twelfth. -■ . . - ■' • ,
pOALYAItH, HAY AND RAIN. FOR SALE;
\J horses, wagons, everything in the best working
order- '80 stails: sicknes* cause of selling; would
take partner. 1623 Market at.
rNTEKIOB AGENCY OF THIS PAPER FOII
I sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply < all Office. ■
7=TOOI "BUSINESS MAN WOULD TAKE
"OT charge of business or Interest of partner wish-
ing to retire, on salary or commission, or would
buy same and pay from proceeds: goo.l references.
X, 605 Diamond st. __..
BARGAIN— AN OL ■ - ESTABLISHED PlC-
ture frame business Is offered at a Eacrafice, on
account of death of tue proprietor. MRS. M. A.
BERG, 508 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
tJ\PKR -ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH-
X Hill district, covers IS blocks; can be bought,
cheap, and chances for Increase are very good.
Apply this otllce. principals only.
CJT9^A A BARGAIN-OYSTER AND CHOP
1 tIpZOU. house; worth $500; owner going to
Alaska next month. Apply this otllce.
T?OR RENT OR SALE-A BLACKSMITH AND
I I general jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees: the shop has been
iun for over thirty years: place located In center of
the healthiest town in California; terms easy. For
further particulars inquire of ALEXANDER
WATSON .Gilroy. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
XTOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALS
IN from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third St.
i^-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE. —
j 44: PRICE $700— WORTH $2000.
19-room house on Sutter st. ; payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st 275
65 rooms, clearing $200. only 2000
60 rooms on Market St., new 4200
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st '. 25011
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
rT-BOOM SUNNY CORNER; NEW PC R N '••
• ture; cheap rent: all rented. DECKER, 1020
Market st. '
run/inn HOUSE OF 65 ROOMS, 1 BLOCK
tJT-- V'UvJ. from Market st.: very low rent; all
black walnut furniture: rooms always full of good,
steady roomers: clears easily 150 per month. M.
LESS <fc CO., 7831/2 Market st.
HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS FOR SALE AT 761
Mission st.
q;: q mission— ls well furnished, oc-
000 cupied rooms; number boarders; reason-
able.
PRIVATE HOUSE, CLEARING $30 MONTH,
X for sale on account of leaving city; price $250.
Address D., box 81, Call Office.
ELL-PAYING HOUSE; 12 ROOMS: ALL
full : cheap rent; must be sold to-day; make of-
fer. 8 Central place, off Pine, above Kearny.|
ARGAIN— LODGING-HOUSE OF 17 ROOMS;
X) cheap rent; new furniture. Apply to L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
ffl;7Cn MILK ROUTE AND DAIRY PBO-
tip 4 tJU. duce store: using over 100 gallons of
milk daily. Apply at this office.
99 ROOM HOUSE; BEST SIDE STREET
— — south of Market: full steady roomers: same
people in the house for years: clears about $7 : >
overrent; water free. Address C. J. N., box 140,
Call Office.
UK A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year tor $1 50, post-
ace free. "
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
!Mjß?*rTirßihroTnfßmSM^^^
X cheap. 471 V2 Tebarna st.
H' G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND Br.D.
• ding; new foldlne-bpds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c. per step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission.
"LURE SALE !
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 51
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 60
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busmen
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
AAO CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
trUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
ROOMS FURNITURE. NEW 573
Bedlounges trimmed with j-iu^h .'«5 Si)
Brussels Carpet, laid .45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades In s colors 25c up
SHIREK & SHIRKK, 747 Market, su, opposit*
(-rant avenue; no branch storps.
FCKMTUSE WANTED.
BASCh! 321 "'sUTTEr","" WANTS "'TFuRNI"-
-• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
W ANTED — SECOND-HAND ITi.Mr: BE
'» for country; will pay good price. 7 City Hall
avenue.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
C<ALL ON J. C MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
' you want highest cash price lor your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
AM ALONE PAYS 20" PER CENT MOXB
than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
CARPET CLEANING.
\\THEN YOD BECOMB DISOITHTED WITH
»» poor woric send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama ; tel. so. 40.
CON KLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
f\ beat EASTERN STEAM CARPET clean-
U ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Gbant.
C 1T V STEAMCARI*ETCLEANIN(J,RK>rOVA-
) ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
JONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
O renovating works. Main office 23 and 27 8:h.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT^
VJ ing works: latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pAR~PETS CLEANED. 3c PKR YARD; UE-
VJ laid. 5c per yard, S. STRATTON. lt> Eighth.
CIARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
V.- like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH « CO.. successor*
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 24«
. 14th si. ; cleaning He a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
I MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEAT AND REN-
-0 . ovatin? works. 453 Stpvenson: tel. south 225.
FOR BAtK-MIgCBU,AWBOUg.
"V"O. 9 HIGH- ARM Will ILK 11 * WILSON
-L> sewing machine; hardly been used: $25 cash.
16 Valley st., city.
1. OR SALE CHEAP— SCHOONER-YACHT
1 Fearless: 1. o. a. 25 ft., I. w. 1. 21 ft., beam Bfu
8. Apply 20 Center Market.
TO LOVERS OF THE ANTIQUE— VERY OLD
-L and elegant fernleai mahogany sideboard; very
rich and choice. Apply 913 Poln, near Geary.
CHEAP-COCKER SPANIEL PUPS. AT 1405
/ Church st.
Tj I ( v cT7e^— 1890 MODELS, 50 TOP-NOTCH
1 ' $75 wheels; ladles', gents' and juveniles' at
actual cost to general agent: lots of 6 or more to
the trade only for spot cash: do you want a good
thing. F. R. GRANNIS & CO.; 609 Market st.
SEVERAL SECOND-HAND TANDEMS AND
safeties at extremely low prices. 3-8 McAllister.
A '95 CLIPPER, ALMOST NEW; 810 BAR-
-iV- gain. 1738 Market St., tailor-shop.
T/<UR SALE— SERIKS-WOUND MOTOR: 14
1 11. P.; will run an 110-volt circuit: suitable for
dentist's lathe; nearly new; price $20. Address
S. P.. box 48. this Office.
IMPROVED SMITH premier ty PE-
writer for sale: good order. 1827 Stockton st.
T AYING HENS, HEALTHY. ITO 9 YEARS
J 1 old, one dozen, for sale cheap. For particulars
address V. C. .-MITli, 2U9 Sacramento st.
JESSIE— A PHOTOGRAPH APPARATUS
J-"O in perfect condition; cheap.
OOD FRESH COW. 1130 T WENTY-FOURTH
St., near Noe.
I rum SALE— I 18 H. P. PORTABLE ENGINE;
1 10 H. P. economizing boiler. Inquire IUI6
Union st. " ■ " • • . ■
ADY'S NEW SEALSKIN FOR HALFORIOI-
J mil cost at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
XPBW '95 BICYCLES, .-t-6'): GOOD SECOND-
i.i hand bicycles, $40. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker
St.. cor. Hayes.
DYNAMO E.nGINK,~BOILKR AND A LOT OF
tools, cheat). 516 Mission.
BABY Carriages AND k.vit.y.> tutt ,'l
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
flt. California P.attan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
OTER..INO BICYCLE. BUILT LIKE A
O watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 MkU
AH OUTFIT. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS.
scales, etc. : cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
TTSE PRUSSIAN BITTKRS ' ' r STOMACH
■U bitters in market : bay your wines, liquors, etc..
at Bonanza U me Vaults: free delivery city Oak-
land. Alameda, PUTZMAN * SCITuRMANN
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 39*1!
i.UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SAdHKU
IJ doors, mantels, etc.. for sale- 1 166 Mission.
0 :S H«;\;H J 1 ' L .' MEXM i' M AND LARGE.SIZS
\J fire and bnrgl.-.r proof safe. 103. 111 Market it.
■LURE AND BURGLAR SAFK. LETTER-'
J press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay!
W AISGE3 CHEAPER THAN SECONU-
-L> hand. W. a RAY JdfgjC|o :! 12 California »•_
Cti UNTE X S, SHELVING. BHOWCASKI
I \J bought and Hid U2l*Mark« beu 7tU*oUiP-HOUSES TO LET.
QRfl 918QOX_KN AYE., OPP. «£
•- V • fo r son & l uar ,°. 1" rooms and bath: lar 2 e
mfred and painted. ASHTOnS
GARDIXj K. 411 Montgomery st. - "•■ V^i i.^ 1
yYVTHiooMS: PLEASANT LOCATION. 1707
J ,ln'.< -••■■ near Bro idwav; $15.
I 1 v;i ■ ■■ ;> *a a«d jiAIH; SUNNY side
'_Lg g^-__-§s^:^.^«^?y>
<B;7 ASU * 6 , K A Oil- YARD. WATER. SEI-X
y I . rate: Elm are. Apply at 1512 G. G. aye.
.S9S MSI £***& SUNNY YARD.
-*" • - 5 - ! ' Pine st.. near Scott ; see it.
nOMS, 242 HABBIET ST., EELOW
Uarr son, nr. sixth.
\V J KENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
vnvn°in^ eOple rlKfat. BALDuIX &' HAM-
MOND. 10 Montgomery st.
I ('USE 10 ROOM ANU BARN; VERY
i^ cheap. Apply NrcOL. X.-i.? falHornla >t.
I I RXIBHED HOUSES.
V? n \; ' ■ DUBJNQ -1 KHKB MONTHS
J furnished house ...f 9 rooms: ail modern Im-
prpvements: located 2 miles from s b)l (o»e; o, C .
tnccars pa.«s the door. For particulars address
box .<'. --an .lose Mercury Wicr.
COTTAGES TO~LKT.
A U k X Jf\ u.ri.v.n OF T am. r, BOOMfli
O bath ; basement and yard. Corner Dolores and
ilfteonth sts.
CFTh : : K LOWER-GARDEN'
large yardj^ent $12. 1033 Twenty-first at. '
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS. BATH. 23 BYINGTON
V.' St.. off \\ ebster, nr. Ellis.
',•;! ELLIS "ST.— TWO ROOMS IN REAR
<Jol house; rent $6.
j 91 EUREKA, BET. 18 i i AND 19th— Tsfxl
- L — l »>' rooms; hall; basement: nice yard: rent
r: . • l astro cable or Elsht^enth-st. electric-car.
<v",n COTTAGE. 8 ROOMS; PROSPECT
til OOU. aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-
»ighth sty., near Mission. T.
FUKNISHJED FLATS. ~~
c-room > i_T7^«:TA^uTtNi^mcrTrMOD^
U era improvements; rent $50. 515 Taylor si.
O UNNY HANDSOMELY FUUNISHED FLOOR
0 of 4 rooms, bath, etc.: suitable for family or
t hvsician; reasonable. 913 i'olk 6t., near Geary.
I R99 GEAB\ - SMALL bUNNY FLal\
'»> • r.icely '-'....'. : .$25.
I i. VI TO LET.
1 I \ \ '•' ■'■ nVFMY-KiH'l;ril
J I ''l —New bouse; 7 rooms: bath; fine loca-
tion; ?IS.
191 ft EDD Y~ NEAR LAGUNA— SUNNY
■i — L\j flat; 5 rooms; bath; modern improve-
ments: key in rear.
< I •' FLAT 4 ROOMS. 125 PAGE ST., BET.
O- 1 '*- Gongh and Octavia.
•< I(I ~\l) 1008 NATOMA — LOWER FLAT;
. l\J.fJ\J. H rooms; yard; cellar.
(jOl HARRISON, NEAR SIXTH — NEW
t'OX flat: 6 rooms: all improvements; cheap.
I,' La T. 4 SUNNY 1 ■ (MS, $15: FURNITURE
1 for sale. $50, cheap at 9100. 947 Masonlcave..
or MADiSON & BURKE.
J AND 5 ROOMS. BATH: $11,*12. $13; ELEC-
T: trie line. 4. r .&SA, 4567. 4591 a Eighteenth st.
rpHE FURNITURE OF SUNNY FLAT, CON-
-1 sistins of 5 rooms, bath, complete: nearly new;
in first-class order: no dealers. Apply 620 Kearny.
C V NNY FLATS: 8 AND 4 800 BATH;
0 garden; $13 and $16. 1700 Post.
1 I ; ; • ) - TURK — UPPER 6 ROOMS BATH,
-L\J — O $19: lower ft rooms, bath, $17: modern.
1 9' PAGE .ST., BET. GOUGH AND OCTA-
-L—O via— Flat of 4 rooms; $13 50.
9QI SIXTH— SUNNY FLAT; 8 ROOMS AND
—OX bath: water free.
1 A ROOMS, NR. SIXTH AND HOWaRD STS.;
-IV rent $28. SPECK & CO., 809 Market st.
"I QA7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
" XC \J I flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms: bath.
YEAR CITY HALL — '_> FLATS. 6 ROOMS
_» each, 141 Grove St., f 2O; 10 Grove St., $24.
~Q-\ D NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
O-l-O. mis., bath, gas, tuts. 909 Folsom, nr. sth.
f?AO OAK— MOD RN FLAT; 8 ROOMS AND
UU. . tali: sunny side; rent reasonable.
19 111 W N 1 V-THIRD ST., NEAR CAS-
— - II Lovely sunny 5-room flat; every
convenience; rent $17; water free.
90 PHO>PER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. BET.
—»> Noe and Sanchez— Lovely sunny 5-room
fiat : rent Si 7: water frte.
X'i-.W. 1 ; ■Trs7rrrTi-i'r.K sunny modern
_> flat; 6 rooms and bath. 933 Golden Gate avf>.
Ctt* 1 7 7 I'.uTTils .M 1 i : . TH; S\V. t'Uh.NKlt
•It.- and r.Uis sts.; upper flat.
1: LARGE SUN.nY ROOMS.
1 33 Lily aye. ; key 1 36 Page St.
QU.VNY FLATS; 812 ELLIS ST., KB. POLK;
0 3 rooms: yard; basement; .$2O.
ODERN;S UNNY LOWER KOOM FLAT
1094 Page St., cor. Clayton, Go den Gate Park.
\|ODE»'.X FLAT; 7~ ROOMS AND BATH;
rva-sonublc. 1719 HaiKht s:,
"OLAT 0F .3 ROOMS. 256 HARRIET ST., BE-
J low Harrison, near Sixth.
QI'.NXY COKNE~R FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH;
k_> ba.-*m*:it; la:ost improvements. 1541 Eddy.
.•\\TEf.REN T~M_NY FLATS BECAUSE WE
'' trrat pcorle right BALDWIN .v: HAM-
MOND, 10 Montcomery st.
AJEW FLAT <>F~7 ROOMS. 554 CHURCH
I' at. cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth.
ffij I ? LOVELY FLAT: 5 SUNNY ROOMS
♦„' I- and Ymih: newly papered and painted. 814
Nir.eteenth St.. bc-i. Nee and Sanchez.
\\"ERS!EK 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
»' 7 rooms: rent $25. $27 50.
"QV9 FOB THE BEST 5-ROOM NEW FLAT
•_ 1 — with bath in this city; water free; investi-
gate ttie place and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
VKW SUNNY FLAT-. 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
-' was ?'-'!>. now (IS 50: Castro cable; see photo-
praplz. HuVEY. 508 California st.
ft 19 :-.' I a BUCHANAN— flats
U'i- ot 3 aiiJ 6 sunny rooms, bath. etc.
IUKUAXT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Tj lo •• r sat. 5 and 6 rooms, hath: *?8;oifl6.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Brautian street.
'. . 1 9 BRANNAN, NR. SECOND— 3 OR 4 FUR-
• > 1 — nished rooms for housekeeping; hot and
cod water; rent reasonable.l :
Bryant Street.
1 1 01 BRYANT— SIX CORNER-ROOMS COM-
-L I v/.L ■ -..;y furnished for honsekping;rentlow
California Street.
HO 1 CALIFORNIA— TWO SUNNY HOUSE-
-1 "l-> i keeping rooms, with £ivs, bath, stove and
running water, $12.
Eddy Street.
"I *~)fl A EDDY— NICELY FURNISH ED HOUSE-
-1 —V/ keeping rooms: also sunny suite. -
________ _ _
Elliott Park. "
1 1 ELLIOTT PARK, OFF STEINKR, NEAR
1 1 Geary — 2 sunny rooms; suitable for 'I; bath.
Fifth Street.
ICO FIFTH. NEAR HOWARD— OF
A «-*— rooms for houiekeeping, also 2 single rooms.
99J FIFTH— NU FURNISHED HOUSE-
— — -L keeping and single rooms: cheap.
OAQ FIFTH -SU NY BAY-WINDOW,
_t \JO cheap housekeepins room: also other rooms.
099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
O_— housekeeping; theap.
"q~q SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN ;
00. running water; bath; private: no children.
3] 4 Fifth st.
Tj 901 FIFTH — SUNNY BEDROOM AND
"— Ou kitchen: furnished for housekeeping;
water in the kitchen; cheap.
1 olsom street.
r »-ift FOLSOM— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
000 for housekeeping; range; hot, cold water.
Fourth Street.
A"I '> Fb r BT II — BD N N V FURNISHED
*tI.«J housekeeping room: cheap.
Howard Street.
1 i\l\l' HOWARD — _ OB 3 FURNISHED
J. ' M »U rooms, window, complete for house-
keeping; tras: private family; rent reasonable.
•ie**>ie street.
J^P-CJI JESSIE— TWO COMPLETELY FUR-
t/V/I^2 nished housekeeping rooms.
I ij;..i.:i Street.
Ql I LARGE FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
V^-J • en, furnished; sun a.ll day. 80S Laguna
!>:., near McAllister.
M 11111:1 'treat.
F I £ MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
•''''' housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA— Si \.W FRONT BOOMS COM-
*-' * O plete for housek eepi ng.
.ii;-.s tin street.
C I - MISSION— LARGE SUNNY FURNISH-
-1 -X*J ed rooiiis; $1 25 and $1 50. j
091 MISSION — SUN NY HOUSEKEEPING
— * rooms: single and suites: $5 up.
I 91 L ) MISSION —FURNISHED nous _•
j _. 1 tj ket-p'ng room; gas; bath; no children. -
1 999 ».I^SION-1 OK~_ LARGE FUU-
___ __L____l2?_1 S com P' <! t« liousekeeping.
141 7 JU B ? SIO2S;^'P»OXTf_!W>tBAC_:rX— »•
* J ■' ior :_^f»ljetej[orlioii«<eicf-eplnf-.
1 ,"> 1 iS'i* :tn PJ<JN-l, 2 OB 3 NICELY FUR-
_._■_ >>i -1,,.,! rooms; use of bath.,
Morris Avenue. ■;•
I 9(-J MORRIS AYE . -4 ' UNFURNISHED
Apply a_.",V t 'h O _t! f °° r: Ce " Br; . «rtre,:«i.
Moss st: at.
TO M OF '' % HOWAHD. NEAR SEVENTH
XV -I.m, furnished TC*sn4 r-i housekeeping.
52HS_H5S_£__! . ROOMS - Continued.
Ninth Street.
20 V}?! 11 ST " NEAR MARKET-HOUSE.
-j\j keeping; stove, gas, water. " ■
i'ine Street.
61 1 £ INE -P LF -ASANT ROOMS FOR OEIT.
tlemen; $5 and $10; quiet house. j
Pout Street.
418 £? 7T,"t, UNFURNISHED OR PARTLY
-1-i.w furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Seventh Street.
]49 SEVENTH - SUITES, SINGLE AND
L -*■*"* "Q"sekecping: suitable for doctor Or dentist.
1 *Y7 VBS TH — LARGE ROOMS FOR
-* housekeeping; complete; reasonable.
tevengon Street.
40^ STE VENSON ST. CORNER FIFTH— 2
-«■'-'—' rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
711 STOCKTON — NICELY FURNISHED |
* - - X rooms for housekeeping; 310 per month.
Tehaina Street.;.
717 TEHAJIA, BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH
1- - ' —Room for light housekeeping.
Twenty-third Street.
Q"| A TWENTY - THIRD — 2 FURNISHED
V-L-j: rooms for housekeeping.
Van I^ess Avenue.
IA9 VAX NESS AYE. — 2 FURNISHED
* v -" rooms for housekeeping; 1 front: sunny;
cheap.
Washington street.
KAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY UN FU R-
->U_; nlshed housekeeping rooms; running water.
Webster street.
7"! "1 WEBSTER— 2 Oil 3 i.a ROE HANDSOME
I _._ rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. HAVES AND LACUNA— SUNKY
bay-window rooms, suitable for doctor.
KOO3IS TO LET.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SlUg street.
TnE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS ST., RAN FRAN-
cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room: elevator
and lire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters: electric-cars direct ;o ferry and park pass the
door. -.•-..
I if tli Street.
1 r\Q FIFTH— SUNNY SINGLE AND DOUBLE
X\IO rooms to let, from $1 50 to $3 a week.
Fourteenth Street.
%'l FOURTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD— 4
_.U«Ja rooms cheap.
Geary Street.
79"1 GEARY— SMALL SUNNY AND LARGE j
( — 1. double rooms; references.
OA] GEARY— PLEASANT SUNNY ROOM; j
Oul elegant new corner Hat; central; no chil- j
dren. 1
09: GEARY ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
O_.«J rooms, single, suite; modern conveniences.
Grant Avenue.
1.1/3* GRANT AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
J. 1 U front and back rooms, single and en
suite: all modern improvements. stationary
stands, grates, tiling, etc Prices, single rooms $1 ;
a week, double rooms 1 1 50. front suites $2 a week.
Harrison Street.
II Q HARRISON (RINCON HILL)-LARGE
—1 O sunny room: bath.
Howard Street.
71 9HOWA RD — SUNNY FURNISHED
4 1— rooms In private family: $1 a week up.
1 r?*?l X HOWARD, REAR, BET. TWELFTH
-1 U— J 2 and Thirteenth— Nicely furnished front !
sunny room; $6; piano if desired.
Jackson Street.
"I 111 Q JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR- '
IUJ.O m'shi-d sunny front housekeeping, single: ;
?5 to .?8.
Jessie street.
n~l JESSIE, BET. SEVENTH AND EIGHTH, !
Ul O 3 rooms and basement.
Jones street.
OAT JONES — THE VAN WINKLK: NEW j
.-»"' I management: elegant Funny suites and !
single; newly furnished; bain, etc.: SlO to s:>_
iiearny >iroo..
« BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KF, ARNY — PLE AS-
_— ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; _ std__
in very respect: terras reasonable.
Lark in Street.
1191 9A LARKIN — NEWLY FURNISHED
__.__.■ sunny rooms: modern flat: reasonable.
Leavenworth Street.
"I (?O' LEAVES WORTH— 2 SUNN ROOMS;
11)-" cheap: furnished or unfurnished.
J.aikr • tree .
\rOSEMTTE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to sfl : week, $1 50 to $5: families. •
"1 "I Ift MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
I LJ-O suite; Ist floor; also single; transient.
Mary Street.
91 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
— I •£ Neatly turiiished suite of sunny front rooms,
cheap.
I>i lesion Xreet,
£MO MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
Oltl rooms; 15c to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
UROPK HOUSE, 1169 M issiO.N - XICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
ori r\l mission— l handsomely FUR-
_UIv2 nished front room, fireplace and gas, in
private family.
Moss Street.
C MOSS— ROOMS.
_►
Ninth Street.
1 OF: NINTH — FURNISHED ROOM SUIT-
IOt) able ior2 men.
O'JQ NfNTH— .NEATLY FURNISHED SUN-
_.O«7 ny front rooms, single and en suite.
o'i-arrell street.
I 99 O'FARRELL— SINGLE ROOM, NICELY
I _ — furnished for gentlemen; all conveniences:
central; $7.
79'_>1 O'FARRELL-NICELY FUltM>iii-.D
1 — »)-i rooms In private family; gents preferred.
Polk Street.
Ql Q POLK-ELEGANTLY furnished AL-
t/l-O cove sunny front room; bay-window; new
carpets, furniture; suitable for 2 young men or
couple: also handsomely furnished single rooms;
gas, bath: running water. :
Powell Street.
f^vrt A POWELL— NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FOR
tll'T: gentlemen only: fine bathroom; also front
suite: hot and cold water; central; no car fare.
Stockton Street.
A~\ 7 STOCKTON - SINGLE FRONT ROOM,
tfc-L I $5; one at $6; sunny; week or month.
butter Street.
THE ALEXANDRIA, 781 SUTTER— ELE-
X t'ant rooms; rJrst-class dining-room; elevator.
Taylor Street.
-99 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
■* — — ny rooms, for gentlemen.
1 111: ! street;- r V ;'•'<
WINCHESTER HOUSE— THIRD. NEAR
'» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 por night; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading i_ ;iree bus. ;
99/ v THIRD, COLTON HOUSE— SUITES AND ,
_._ U single light housekeeping rooms; $5 np:
brick building; yard. , •
Turk Street.
BED AND SITTING ROOMS. VERY SUNNY;
bath and gas; cheap. - 5241.4 Turk st.
Valencia Street.
lnjOl VAL V. N CIA —SU NY FRONT I
,IU"iO:» siiite, $\b; also single rooms: cheap.
stokes to let. — -
tore^-s^ttalbuPbutci ie'r^o^^ruitl
lIS Fillmore st. : cheap rent. Inquire rear. •
TO LET CHEAP-SMALL BttANCH J;aK-
er>". with rooms. Twentieth, near Castro: §12. '
! pORNER STORE, 421 THIRD sfT; LARGE ]
\J cellar; well suited for saloon or grocery-store.
/IT ti FOURTH— SMALL STOKE. WITH ROOM
_1U in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. ■- -■> '
OFFICES TO LET. '
rjTTTI^V^^jT7)pFWK^ZF^iHryAMK^KS'- j
1 WARDS. 51 '■> Kearny St., to let on May 1. Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis St. ;
/ CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
VJ oilier s $10 and upward, Including janitor's ser- i
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room '
522 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
T^ASTEKBUOOK BUILDING, CO AND 24
J_ Geary st.: very central; modern offices: ele- !
valor: electric lights: cheap. Apply room 32. '
STABLES TO .- LEX.
iTea'utTf'u l"large~btab Lifp24 uTa
I > fornlast. ; rent ciieap. Apply room 26, Chron- -
icle building. - , 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
_^^ BOARDING AND ROOMS. f -'J;
QQK i'ostTnrTh yd_l"n i c'kly^uknishd
u » large front room; good board; 1 0r,2 gents.
1 "1 /)Q WELL-FURNISHED SUNNY
X\JtJ rooms, with or without board; references.
9 1 IDSH1 DSH - SUNNY FRONT SUITES WITH
v^— .X tine board, for two $50; single, $20.
j V' ICELV FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
-»-' passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $•_', $2 50, $:< per week and up; $8 to
JEM mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO.GBUENIQ, Pi.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; 44 50
week. Slti a month, at Hackmeier'a Hotel.
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 12S-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prletor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
HOTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH- A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
W'l copvenlen«-«"t.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
"I OB 8 CHILDREN TO BOABD BY BXPBBI-
-x enced nurse: will take charge of infant; good
i home; best references. 621 Pine st.
WO OR THREE CHILDREN lO BOARD;
A good care given. 1043 V Valencia st.
VrURSE WANTS INFANT OB OLDE ft CHILD
-1-' to hoard: very reasonable. 2919 Sixteenth st.
"Ur ANTED— CHILD TO BOA RD; NOT UNDER
_' ' D years; best of care. Apply this office.
WANTED— B OR 3 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
» » good clean home and good care: terms reason-
able: all one family prefered. 1431 Sanchez St.,
ner.r Twenty-ninth. Mission-it, car. •
HOTEL TO LET.
HOTEL TO LET— TII_~WILHELM TELL
L House, 317-319 Bush St.: this well-known
hotel is thoroughly renovated • and considerably
improved and may compare with the best secomi-
class hotel In this town. MADISON & BURKE.
PIANOS, VIOLINS, ETC.
T?lNjfi CONCERT GRAND PIANO; SUITABLE
_^°£ a hall; also Baby Grand. 514 Sutter st.
©1 OX UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
<?-•- —O. tion; cash or Installments. lots Mc-
Allister st.
L^ DV OBLIGED TO PART WITH HER
lj Steinway piano offers it at a great sacrifice; im-
mediate sale necessary. Room 10, 809 Market st.
sj'->."l PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITJS.
yw» 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOU P.
.*»- money ; investigate these prices ana be con-
vinced: the new seven-bar autoharp $t>; the five-
bar autoharp Si; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin «6 25; the Drize-winner guitar
93 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
mit, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market st;., Spreck-
el's building.
laNOS — $90, $100. $150: GREAT BAK-
gains. M AUVAIS' 769 Market st.
A SHAW, $425: 2 STEIN WAYS, $215, $195:
■^V. Sommer, -B185; squares, $25, 855: rent 3 $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
/"IELEURATEp HAINES BROS., BUSH _
\J Gerts and Knabe panoa: being overstocked
wholesale prices will ruie during the next, 30 days.
A. I. BANCROFT _ CO., 824 Poat St., 8. F.
A RRIVF.D-LOT OF CELEBRATED HIOH-
-i»- trade T. I- Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. 11. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
* RE YOU D_SIROUS OF OBTAINING A
-^*- good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
j plan. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO., Stein wav repre-
| sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. "Kearny
and Sutter sts. : 'i.'-i-
I \\i M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRKLL. ROOM 1.
" t.rst floor: sole agents Halle. A Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
QTEINWAY. $165; WEBErt. $260; SMALL
0 upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
CONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
yj great sacrifice. The ._. W. SPENCEK COM-
PA NY. iiSS Post st.
Cli I C BRING, KNABR. STECK.VOSE, STER-
/ ling pianos; see our n<>w piano for $187: pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 o'Farreli.
O|7^ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
iip-L I O. upright: perfect order. | 1019 Van Ness.
1 ECKER BROS., STEINWAV.FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash, or on easy terms. IiOHLIiK _.
CHASE, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.
ASY TERMS;. LOW PRICES. KOULEtt _
CHASE.
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOIIMEK,
I JJ Ne.vby & Evan3, Briggs and other pianos.
I C UI "ERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLO ANEW
}' H. MtILLEK. maicpr. repairer. 2 Latham rilacp
EDUCATIONAL. *,
t ady \vri7i7Giv ir^7u^c"^6Trn^GLiSii
-L* ltssona for roo:n or board; references. E. EL.
. 1 <>\ 78, all Office.
V' R 1 N'CH, GEKMAV. SPANISH; LEARN TO
X_speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building..
} - OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAMR:
I -_l day _ night ; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
4 YRES, 325 MONTGOMERY ST.: INDIVID-
-^V ual instruction in shorthand, typit.g,
bookKeeping, etc.; life scholarship $50: low" rates
per week and month.
MBS. MKI.ViLLK snyder, studio 514 sut-
ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution:
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
ean classes: stage dancing;* mtnuet. eavotte, etc.
Vocal classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 p.m.
GUITAB MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
yj lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
OPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
*J and Parisian. 3 lessons w.; $3 in. Maze bid, r.37.
BOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
XJ better than in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 likt.
ACA DEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
x_ private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
RENcVirSPA'NTSH.ETC; Prof.DX FILIPI'E'S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871
"I OSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st.
QI-NISH, FRENCH. GERMAN; MODERATE
OMelstersehaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:
BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
> in:;. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary St.
A VKLS, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
•*»- lege; Individual Instruction; 4 months' course*
C&y and evening 325 Montgomery st.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICA_, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineerine. surveying;, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEB N AILLEN, 723 Mkt.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGErii4 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical eneineer.'nr, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught, Write for catalogue.
V IGHTsCHOOL:UJiALL v "S.BUH. COLLEUE-JT
Xi PostMommercUl. shorthand. English; low ra'ei
"\riOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RKA-
V soiiahle. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045 i' 2 Valencia.
pUKMISTKY AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
' > mi!n'< scnoo;. mr. <i»-ar.- anil Powpll sis.
PHYSICIANS.
03rTT AIL^ 0^o1?sTn]T^D7r?0~Rr7Air^_T
his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
REMOVE D— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206 i
Market ■<•. : diseases of woman a specialty.
LEGAL NOTICES.
pITY A^D^(^\'^Y~TR^A»u'ry', sTn"
\J Francisco, March 21, 1896.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section 6 of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold a; public autlon by E. 8.
I Spear _ Co., at their salesrooms, 81 and 33 Sutter
j street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
■ a. _ sundry articles of sulen, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force of San
Francisco, as detailed In an inventory thereof on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn-
ing of sale. A. C. WIDBER,
City, and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
X of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the. application for voluntary
dissolution of "The San Ysidro Investment Com-
; pany" (a corporation). Notice of bearing. No.
i 13.948.
Notice is hereby given that The San Ysidro In-
: vestment Company, a corporation lormed under
\ the laws of the state of California, has presented
, to the Superior Court of the State of California in
: and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application pray I nit to be dissolved, and that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. _. of that, day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be beard, ana the court-
-1 room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
I In and for the city and County of San Francisco, at
I the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
I plication will be heard.
i in witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
I and afilxed the seal of said Superior Court this
. 12th day of March, 1896.
[Seal.J C. P. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
j Deputy County Clerk and ex-oflicio Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. -
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and tor the City and County of
1 ban Francisco. .Depart No. 10. ■ . -
in the matter of the appllcat'on for voluntary
dissolution of "The Dinsmore Water Company"
(a corporation). Notice of hearing. No. 13,949.
Notice Is hereby given that The Dlnsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed. under the laws of
the State of California, has presented I to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for the
City and County of San I Francisco an application
■ praying to be dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896, at, the ' hour of 10 o'clock
A. m. of that day, or as - soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and the courtroom of Department No \
10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, in the new City Hall,
San Francisco, Cal., . are appointed as the time
and place at which said application will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896. <
ISeal.J C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
; By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and cx-ofiicio Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners.
-PERSONALS.
TTTT^HM^A^IN^XN^ITiD^TITE'^XITDirESs
-L or information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON); maiden name ALICE DROGE; last heard
of in Fresuo, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cul. . ,
rpHE PUBLIC AXE HEREBY NOTIFIED NOT
-L to negofia:e for sale or remove from the prem-
ises, 6 Jane place, lower floor, any personal prop-
erty without an order trom the proprietor. F. F.
COURSER.
TBEX— MUST SEE YOU; VITAL IMPORT-
JL ance; my address still the same; write when
you will see me. ELK.
I^LEOTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-'
J— Chester House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200
rooms, *Jsc to ?1 50 per night ; $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
iv v k t. j- KI.E: DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, coll-ctions, wills, de»(Js. etc., at-
tended to. G.W. llOWE.atty-at-law, S5O Market st
C AlTs ALE, LATEST STYLE TRIMMED
O hats at prices wiiliia reach of all. Uee lilvo
Millinery, 39 Sixth st. .
Oil CORDS, 25C EACH: CARPENTERING
0 at lowest rates. ALBt:RTSON, 41 Vs Eddy st.
rpHE LATE MADAM C. ANTIONIA FACE
1 cream and dandruff eradlcator. Sold only at
room 202. Spreckels building, 927 Market. •
~\ 8K YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
_1L j lair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
MASBAHE GIVEN AT HOME BY. PRACTI-
caI gentleman nurse: highest references. Ad-
dress Reasonable, room 55, Murphy building.
riIRYTUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
J- catarrh. 132 sixth St., room 2.
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for pcper-Jianging and painting. Co-operativa
l'aoer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
I DRESS THE HAIR FOR 25c, INCLUDING
JL waving and enameling the face: 1 follow all the
latest Parisian fashions and fads, and I guarantee
the most stylish coiffures that can be made. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
AKII.MiTO.N'S school OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evenln;
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partirigton. Gertrude
Partington.R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
rpHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT.
-«• 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 2."c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
A NNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND DI-
-£\. vorce: legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
NAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
at 210 Stelner st.: others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company. ..
C; 1 a room! ~carpets~cleaned on the
tip 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth »v
IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
JJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
1 I inn CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
I <\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
Ju superfluous hair removed: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st. ]
BOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER
l - instant relief. For gale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
1 IBKKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
-1 J t-iry, rtc: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. .' Factory. 20 Kansema at., upstairs
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THE
- V >v EEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
dressmakers.
tTradleV7~modiste, 410 taylor-ele"
JJ gant stylish dress, $5 up; dresses made over. |
RESSES, fa n> : LAWNS, 91 UP; WRAP-
i I pers. 3."«-it:i.l up. ■'().* :: 4 Natoma. het.6th A 7th.
LOST. ~~ ~~~~
STRA YED— I \y^k~TGoTLIG
O bull-terrier; owner's name and address on col-
lar; reward if returned or information. 41 Shotwell.
T OST— LADY'S GOLD WALCH; INITIALS
-IJ "A. H. B. to E. C. F." Return 41d Fulton St.;
reward. - .-; :':
JO ST — NEWFOUNDLAND DOG; BLA< K.
- with white breast.; liberal reward. 226 Tenth.
] OST-MONDAY, APRIL 6, LADY'S GOLD
«' watch and chain, with ring attached; en-
graved incase: souvenir; lost near 2727 .Pacific
aye. Return to 104 Fiilmore st. and receive re-
ward.
JOSt— LADY'S BLACK HAND SATCHEL.
-i Finder please return to Call office.
I OST— SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING. RE-
Jj turn 316 Post at., receive reward.
T OST— GRAY PLAID CAPE TO AIACKIN-
■IJ tosh, near Mission Dolores. Leave at the
Berkshire, bet. Post and Suiter sts., for reward.
STF FOB INFORMATION LEADING TO THE
<;; «-» arrest of party who stole laree mastiff; name
"Nemo'; license 2333. JOSEPHS, 707 Market,
L OST— TrjESDAT MORNING; UPPER'sET
-Li false teeth. Return 422 Stevenson St.; reward.
0 1 (U\ REWARD TO THE FINDER OF
'u'- -^"-' solitaire diamond ahirtstud: was lost at
Orpheum ftundaynight; no questions asked. P. G.,
606 Merchant st. ;
| OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
±J Savings unu Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name or MARY MCALLISTER, No. 72,290.
The finder will please return to bank.
L> LACK-AND-TAN PUP, 5 MONTHS; k!>
*-> ward. 258* Folsom st.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of NEHEMIaH D. THAYER; No.
202,571. The finder will please return to the
bank. ■ x
i'O I" N If.
T?ound^-pug^d?)g! OWNER CAB HAVI
x by calling at 15 Prospect aye.
_____________ „
DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. rRANZ-EXTRAC'rrON^IVAINLESHi
crown wtork, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
GROOM E CENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 mar-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frin 81; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
Q"7 A SET FOR fW ABB ANT ED AS
<JJ I good as can be made: filline $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
]~\R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
-— ' near Eleventh; no charge lor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
one's r WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTL-, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
"L-iull SET OF TEETH, 87; WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st
s^%j^i&y^_^ uy A yLAm mTrK
j |R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THK GENUINE
■*-' Leek dentist, discoverer of OHlnless extraction
and patentee of Improvea bridge work or teetn
without tiny plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
"}>AINLESS EXTRACTION. 00c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13veaW
experience. R. L. WALSH. D. D.S., his::; Geary.
1 jR. H. IL SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIIAiE-'
-— ' work a specialty; open evenings 7:20 to 9.
( COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. iIAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, MA RKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— evenings; Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAii-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1122 Market si.
MEDICAL. ~~~
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
nerer Jails: perfectly harmless; free from any bud
effects ; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately -. prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. _ MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank-
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in on« day:
helped at once,; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed; if you want to be treated safe
and sure call on DR. POPPER and MRS. DR.
NAIL, both specialists, 318 Kearny st.
I a dies— daudet's FEMALE REGULA-
-_f ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fall-
sl per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.!
: iormerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with -every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk St. ' 7
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; : irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
liny time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: French pills cuaranteed: consult free.
MRS. R. WEYTH. 916 Post at., near Lark in.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE -MKs. UK. eCO'rf!
-l-i 216 Powell st. ; only qualiiled specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients; best skill; medical attend-
nce: low lees; regulator. 82. 1370 Market st.
A HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE
MRS. PH. FUN 1416 Eighth St., Alameda!
LPEAU'S ' FRENCH '-. PILLS-A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure; fs2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
, until too late. OaGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
1 \ R. hall. 14 MCALLISTER street, near
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
„ - • : storage!
TH. RO()NI?YT7^2^I^Sr6N^^T?HTAGE^AT
reduced rates: basement storage, sl 60 per load
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern - plan.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN &. CO.. 751 and 753 Market St.
APPLY FOR RATES FOX STORING FURNl-
ture, etc. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUBE-
told goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
LSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
»» Storage; low rates; telephone South 782.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
Cj I COTTAGE: 3 ROOM B TIOT 60x135:
0 * O\J\J. hi Berkeley, near station: payments
easy. ■■" • . . ..... j. ... .
#Uoo— Cottage; 3 rooms; lot 75x125.
4 1J0U— Handsome corner; 100x100: 315
monthly. -- - .--;•• ;. ' ■ .--
-$2OO— Lot 25x135- 810 down: $5 monthly.
CIIAS. A. BaILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
GREAT ~ ~ " .
credit AUCTION sale,
THURSDAY, APRIL 16,
in OUR SALESROOM, AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
ENTIRE BLOCK. BOUNDED BY BAKER,
MCALLISTER AND LYON BTB. AND
GOLDEN GATE AYE.; 37 SUPERB
BUILDING LOTS. TERMS ONLY 14 CASH.
BALANCE IN 1, 2 AND 3 YEARS.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
■\TARKET-STREET PROPERTY.
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80. *
NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. X.. box 9, OiHce. — ,*»-5
ffi»l l\(\f\ WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
<3rJ-" '\J\J tlow cottace; modern improvements;
basement: lot 25x100; South Broderick st., near
Halght. Apply 1330 Mission st.
ODKRN 2-STORY DWELLINO, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an 1 cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
si"- plans. -lAS. McCO.VAHEY, 1149 Mission Ht.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
ANY ONE WHO HAS BUSINESS OR OTHER
property to trade for country real estate,
chicken and fruit ranches, town lots or" villa sites,
write and describe your property, stating clearly
what you require, and get onr propositions.
SHAND & BIBLBT, Novnto, Marin County.^
lt(\f\ 160-ACRE RANCH IN LAKE COUN-
tUUUU. ty, near Kelseyville; house, burn; 8
miles from town. COLTON, 906 Market st.
1 rrr\ ACRES, 4Q LEVEL ; E CATTLE OR
JL I\J hog ranch. Apply 914 Twenty-third st.
TERMS EASY— S ACRES, 8175; 15 ACRES
improved, $400; 20 acres, 10 in grain, house,
etc., cheap: 20- acre orchard, 6-rooni house, 82000,
■will trade for Oakland property; 80 acres by town,
$12 50 an acre: several big farms. M. GRIFFIN,
box 22, Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
TTALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
V lands for sale on easy terms.
CU\(\(\ ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
UV/V'IJ ada del Pinole; 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad.
1 °(\(\ A( ?RES OF CHOICE LEVEL LAND
XO\J\J adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
tordering on the bay of San Francisco.
O( in ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
<J\i\J adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SAN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLEY—
0 Laud for sale or exchange by J. '1 UNSTEAD,
San Kafael, Cal.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILE 3
lrom San Francisco.
' Rancho de Novato. i^-
Tracts cut any size desired; frnlt.' grain ana
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 uer acre; tern_ muda
tOßuit; send for circular. . ; .' ', "\- ;,-;?
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64,
and 65 Chronicle building. :_
IP ARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
' sizes, improvea and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda 1 ounty. Inquire 01 B. SAL/.,
Centreville .-./ -~.-T' .
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
-1-/ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improvea,
with small house, etc D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. 6. F.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER <fc WHITTON. San Jose.
7X AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
<Ip I el land; easy terms.
CjOJy per acre: quantity to suit: fine soil; near
<iPOU Pleasanton, Alameda Co. ; terms to suit: also
a few Improved cozy country homes near by; 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms; will ex-
chance. LI'K & KISKR. 306 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
"U'OR RENT — FURNISHED OR CNFUIT-
_T nished house of 13 rooms on principal street; 3
minutes' walk from Berkeley station: large
I/rounds, nicely improved; plenty of flowers and
shade: lawn-tennis and croquet grounds: barn,
chicken-house, etc. J. J. MASON. Berkeley sta-
tion. -
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
surance assent, Berkeley station.
NLY 5 LOTS LEFT; THE BIGGEST BAH-
gain in Alameda County; 50x141, for 8400:
perfectly level: above grade; near cars. JOSEPH
.1. MASON, Berkeley station. '
jjtOK SALE— TWO MODf.RN HOUSES, JUST
_ completed; 7 and 8 rooms; porcelain baths;
large lots; in choice part of town: easy terms.
A few choice corner lots south of University;
cheap to close an estate.
270x120: 5 blocks from the University: near
foothills; at half-price. M. L. WURTS, opposite
Dwight-way station, Berkeley, Cal.
pOZY AND HOSIELIKE: A PLACE FOR
Vy comfort: must be sold: good cottage: 5 rooms
and bath: well, windmill and tank; lot 60xJ22:
nice yard: near train: $2500, including furniture,
less without. H. D. IRWIN, I.orin.
G. MAY & CO., REAL ESTATE AND
. building, 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
JOINING U NIVERKI T V GrTSun'ds'^
1\- Large newly furnished rooms: electric llehts;
first-class board; between two lines electric-cars;
private dining-room for family If desired. 2214
Union st.
BERKELEY— *TTR ACTIVE SUNNY ROOMS
JL> with board; first and second floors; single or
en suite; private; central; reasonable. 2324
Charming way. ;.■'.■;
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
REAL ESTATK.
XfvXs' VALLE yT 20 M I Xes'sT C»F
J 4 miles west of Morganhill ; 60 acres or more;
large furnished house with concert grand piano:
beaulliul grounds, interspersed with oak trees; 2
cottages; pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well, wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks: water piped
to house: stable; horses, cows, piss, chickens and
implements for working the place; implements
cos-, over 2.000: will take part cash, the re-
mainder in city property. For particulars apply to
E. McCURRIE, Lloyd Tevls' office. Mills bldg, H.F
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
j7^~ACRE~FR TFTTRXNcir
trli Full bearing.for good Oakland property. Apply
to DE KER, 1020 Market st.
Tin ACRES SANTA CLARA COUNTY $4000
II" 14 acres adjoining San Jose lor ranch 30,000
i! stores, 6-room flat, for Los Angeles prop-
erty 6000
4 flats for lodging-house 6000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE —
All kinds of property : ! _
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
©•J^rW) FLAT MORTGAGE OF $700;
iIJOuuU, house, 10 rooms, on a main street in
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth st,, Oakland.
"1 OQfk ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 ZjO\J water; fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16.Ca1l
; MONEY TO LOAN.
"private i "party loans i mosey on
X realty, notes, policies. C, box 3. Call.
OAKLAND LOANS ON PIR.ST MORTGAGES
on improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of Interest. HUGH _. CAM-
ERON, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
VI ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
JJJ other valuables at the Security Loan Onlca,
1106 Market st.. nr. Mason; vat* entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st,
IG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PElt CENT;
the same rate on a M mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
ADVANCE ON LIFE INSURANCE, LEGA-
-c— , cles, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 6.
ORTGAGES. LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
low rates. Sylvain Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
ST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
J.tates:lowest rates:no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrku
©hftH OHO ON KEal, .ESTATE; LOWEST
<J*c»U«',V»l7l/rates. A.SCHULLER,SOB.Montgy
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY, ETC
J\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-TV estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro.
bnte. McCOLGAN. 34 Mon err, room* 2 -:^.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY"^TTr~^^M^^9^MONEY
loaned,' watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates: pri-
vale rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 3 cheap.
FINANCIAL.
oft AA<|To"L6A3r^ON"XILFE~IN9UR^
•iPXWV/.UU*' ance policies; bankbooks bought;
a.so Crinple : Creek ' mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ. room 9, 330 Pine st.
MONEY WANTED. :
<si7On OTSr NEW 5-ROOM. HOUSE; LOT
<J» I Ul/. 100x155; 225 feet from San Pabloave.:
Interest 8 per cent. Also 83500 on improved prop-
erty, 120x2£0, on San Pablo aye.: interest 10 per
cent, and other loans from 8200 to 8100,000, at 8
and 10 per cent on gilt-edge security: no expense
to lender. Apply to A. L. WILLED , Golden Gate,
Alameda County, Cal. : <V : - :
T OAN-81000, CONTRA COSTA; NO. 1 BE-
JLJ cnrltv. L. W.. box 48, Call.
BICYCLES.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW~\VHEEL^TO~Zet7
best : accommodations. Terminus • Geary, Me-
Allister and Powell st. car lines. . . ■■
SEWING MACHINES.
X LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGE b"
__ rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TAYMANCE REAL ESTATE AND INVEST-
J-i MENT COMPANY, V
468 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
AT AUCTION.
LONG-CREDIT SALE.
OF THE
FRUITVALE TRACT,'
FRUITVALE,
EAST OAKLAND.
WE WILL SELL,
SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
At 2 o'clock p. If., upon the ground,
21-liARGE, MAGNIFICENT
RESIDENCE LOTS-21
OF THE FRUITVALE TRACT. ALSO
A beautiful modern cottajre in the same tract
consisting of 8 rocm3 and bath, high basement,
cement cellar, stationary wash tubs and all mod-
ern conveniences. Large barn, chicken-house i.vi
all outbuildings, together with large lot facing SI
feet on Fruitvale avenue by '-06 feet In depth.
LONG CREDIT. LONG CREDIT.
ONLY ONE-FIFTH CASH, balance in four
equal semi-annual payments at low rate of interest,
only 7 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
EVERY LOT OFFERED WILL POSITIVELY
BE SOLD. STREET WORK COMPLETE.
SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED.
There Is no property around the city of Oakland
considered more desirable than Fruitvale property.
Fruitvale is sheltered from the heavy bay wind
aDd has a warm, sunny, delightful climate; in fact
this section is considered the thermal belt of Oak-
land. Elegant homes and charming gardens sur-
round this property on all sides.
Electric cars pass the property every few min-
utes. The value of this property as a residence
location cannot he excelled. -Secure a catalogue
and examine the property before day of sale.
SALE COMMENCES PROMPTLY AT 2 O'CLOCK
For further particulars apply to
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE AND INVEST-
MENT COMPANY,
466 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND, CAL.
ffl;C;f|n BOOMING - HOUSE; WELL LO^
<pCnM'. cated; paving well: a bargain. Apply
to ALDEN & KIIONENBERO, 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
A SNAP— 2 SMALL COTTAGES: RENT $9
-£»- per month: lot 50x100: 10 minutes' ride to
local train; price only $800. Address li., box 13,
Call Office, Oakland. ;..;:>'
©lqnrjA discount IF SOLD for cash
i£)lij.\J\J\J. this month. An idea! suburban
home; 50 acres; 35 acres in assorted fruits of tho
choicest varieties in full bearing; only 2i/ 2 miles
from the city of Oakland; 10 minutes' driv to the
electric cars: 2 blocks to public school; house 11
rooms, bath; new and modern in every detail;
good barn and outbuildings: spring water In
abundance; scenery and climate unexcelled.
Will accept as part payment property In Oakland,
Berkeley, Alameda, San Francisco or ■ Los
Angeles. Estimated value of this year's croo
$3000 to $5000. ■ '
For photos and full particulars address J. S.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. •
ARGAIN— NEW HO I SE, 6 LARGE ROOMS
1 and bath; $300 to $500 cash, balance terms to
suit; corner lot, 35 or 60 by 1-5 feet; 10 minutes
on car line from local; elevated ground; fine sur-
roundinss: an ideal home: see it at once. WM
P. TODD. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
Sr-cci.*^ iiAKi.AIXS. f '
"VTEW 7-ROOM 2-STORY 7-FOOT BASEMENT
-i-> round-front modern bouse: street work com-
plete with cement walks: 1 block from San Pablo
aye., near Durant School; lot 25x1U0; price
?'J6SO; $250 cash, balance $30 per mouth.
9---FOOT LOT OX K. SIDE FRANKLIN ST.,
'Z'O near Sixth; 5-room cottage, rented and cheap
for $1600; half cash.
SOUTHWEST COR. OF SAN PABLO AYE.
0 and 30th st.; 60 feet on San Pablo aye.; price
$55 per front foot; or will trade for other flrst-
class property.
YEW 7-ROOM HOUSE OX N. SIDE OF
Xl Grant aye. or 37th St., 300 feet E. of Telegraph
aye.; lot 37:6x115: rented for $18 per month:
$2B00: one-third cash, balance flat loan at 8 per
cent. -■ • js i. -■«■:-,
"1 90x150: OX W. SIDE OF SAN PABLO
J.— O aye., near the narrow-gauge railroad cross-
Ing at 39th st.; with 2 5-room cottages on this
property; must be »o;d: make an offer at once.
pOR.NER LOT NEAR 218T-ST. ELECTRIC
\J cars. East Oakland; 2£.x!40; prices4oo: $300
can remain on flat loan at 8 per cent.
BEAUTIFUL HOME ON 7TH AYE., NEAR
16th St., East Oakland; 12-room new house
and lot 75x150, in Sirs'. -class shape: this property
costsls,oUo; on account of owner living out of
city will sell for $10,000; $2500 cash, balance in-
stallments or flat loan at 8 per cent.
Address RALEIGH & CO., 460 Ninth st., Oak-
land.
'HO EXCHANGE— 6-ROOM MODERN COT-
J- tage in Oakland $4000, clear, for small im-
proved ranch. J. H. ED3ON, 908 Broadway, Oa --
land.
IOR SALE OR KX.-.'HANGH — OAKLAND
X hoiise and lot, 37x105, on electric line, for city
property. Apply at 1431 Bush st.
"I n-BOOM HOUSE: 100-fOOT LOT: ONLY 5
X— blocks from Broadway; sunny northwest cor-
ner; make me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office,
Oakland. ;
H£-LtilWi i- " U EXCHANGE; GOOD 10-
-«Jp"Il'V/V/. room house and lot, 50x132: nicely
located; rental $20 per month: will take clear
land or other property. ALDEX & KRONEN-
BERG, 902 Broad Oakland.
Oil 9£A 2 HOUSES AND LOT, 50x10 i;
<!P-m.*JU\J. rental $18 per month: a (rood Invest-
ment. ALDEN <fc KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. .
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS OX INSTALL-
menis equal to rent: close to Fruitvale sta-
tioh; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion^ ■ - .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
<fl» 4 -> X SIX MONTHS OR MORE; FURNISH-
<fI)«Jc>. Ed modern 6-room cottage; sunny cor-
ner: 2 Dlocks to train. 2003 Fifth aye., East Oak-
land.
OAKLAND , ROOMS TO LET.
OUSEKEEPLXG ROOMS, FCRXISHF.D OR
unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
TO LET — HANDSOME COTTAoIf^ COM~
X pletely furnished, elegant and extensive
grounds, for 1 year or more. $80 per month: also
tine 2-story house of 9 rooms, handsomely fur-
nished, for 1 year or more, $75 per month.
. For sale— A tine 8-room cottage; cost of building
alone $5500. with lot 65x146: $5500 will take
property: don't fail to see It. THOMAS A. SMITH,
1601 Park St., Alameda (broad-gauge depot).
FOR SALE— COTTAGE, 11 ROOMS: LOT 53x
X 150; north side; street macadamized: stone
walk; lovely garden, shrubbery, etc.: must be sold.
T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park aye. ■ :
ffl* 1 AH TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
<IP x v» \J 5 and t» room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, 001. etc : with large
lot: $2400 . to : $3000; • send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. ■ Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda. .■-■...-.' .--■ -
ALAMEDA HOUSES ,TO LET. ~~
poTf^G^T^24T^A^?^O^ETAV^rr^U^NY
\J side; 7 rooms; bath, gas, laundry, basement,
stable, lawn, shrubbery. J. S. HANLEY, 1351
Park st. -':.:.- .
. ATTORN EYS-AT-LAW. ~
MJ. XOLENr^rTOR^TET^FLAw! 719
. Market st. ; advice free. | ,r-. ;/:...,«:•
! : A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
■£*- ally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
TJ. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNSELOR AT
X. law: advice free. 24 Sixth at., rooms 14, 15.
TIT W.DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- A T-LAW.42O
»» . California st., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
DIVORCE .PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints Sled:
Sarah M. Tavlor against Georgp H. Taylor.;/^ •>"
- Mary E. Golden against Hugh M. Golden.
Divorces granted:
Lucy M. Thomaaon from Edwin O. Thomason,
for desertion; by Judge Hebbard.
M. C. Chapman from Rose A. Chapman, for de-
sertion: by Judge Hebbard.
Livinia B. Ford from William S. Ford, for deser-
tion ; by Judge Trou'.t. i ■• . >
Divorce denied :
George O. Want vs. Louisa H. Waltt, divorce de-
nied by Judse Murphy.
BIRTHS— 3I AuRJAfiES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices «nd be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
BERG-April 9, 1598,t0 the wife of C. J. H. Benr.
a daughter.
HILL— In city, April 9, 1596, to the wife of
William Hill, a son.
INgWK.RsEN— In Excelsior Homestead, March
25, 1896, to the wife of Dick Iti;weneu, a daugn-
ter.
M 'khan —In this city, April 6. 1896, to the wife
or M. J. Meehan, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DX CORVAL— MOISSON— In San Jose, Cal., April
(3. 1*96. Dr. Kmile L. de Corval and Blanche
Mo;sson, both of San Francisco.
HINGER-DANXER— In this city. April 9.1898.
by the Rev. .J. Fuendellng. Raphael Hinger aud
Mrs. Minna Danner.
LORCII— WALZE.VBORN— In this city. April 5,
I 1896. by the Kew J. Fuendeling, Charles Lorch
j and Victoria Walzenborn.
M A DaVIS-Iu this city, April 8,
ISP6, by Justice Cook, Frank J. Mattbowsoa
and Martha J. Davis.
! XKSS-KRKXZ-fn this city. April 8. 1898, by
the Rev. J. Fuendelinj, Arthur It. Ness and LU-
I II" Krenz.
I O'HAKK- TI XNY-April 8,1Rn6. by the Rev.
Father Cotter. Peter of Hare and Nellie Tenney.
DIKD.
Benson, Frederick X. Ki-jsella. William H.
I!:''|, Frelericka A. Lyons, Louisa
j Cnliaghftn. Michael eailli.r.l. Mrs. M.
i Carr, B. W. Murphy. William
Deniln, Rose Peck, Edward C.
Healy, Daniel Pluni, William
Hudson, Mra. Sophie Boaevlcb. Hnaan
Joy, Neule Sawyer, Allie
Kentzel, Mary Strauss, Isaak
Wilson, Caroline
BENSON— In this city. April 9. 1596, Frederick
Nordall, beloved son ot Mnr:iu and Severing
Benson, and brother of Rudolf B. and Mabel
J'engon. a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
2 months and 4 days. .
] BIEL— In Oakland. April 8. 1896, Fredericks A.,
! wife of H. Biel. and mother Of S. W. Roehl.
i a native or Flensburg, Germany, a_ r e.l 55 years 1
I month and 113 days. [Walla Walla (Wash.)
I papyri please copy. J
tti'Frlends anl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at •£. o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Albert 8r0wn,. 46S Thirteenth street.
Oakland. interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CALLAOHAX — In this city, April 8, 1896,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Caiiaijhau, aud father of Dennis and Ella Cal-
la<(han, a ua.lve of County Lork, Ireland, aged
'48 years. " *-.;-
friS~Friends and acquaintances am resoec',-
fully invited to attenl the funeral THIS DAY
(^rldaJ■). at - o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 82 Klsslinr street, tuence to St. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Mo-tn; Calvary
Cemetery.
ST. PATRICK'S MUTUAL ALLIANCE ASSO-
ciation— The o!li'-er.s und members of St. Pat-
rick's Mutual Alliance Association of California
are hereby notified to assemble at X 2 Kissliag
street, THIS DAY (Friday), at 1 :S0 o'clock p.m.,
to pay the last tribute of respect to our late
brother member, Michael Cailasrhan. By order,
T. F. ALt'OKD. President.
J. F. Quai.e, Corresponding Secretary.
CAP.R- In this city, April 9, 1896, E. W. Carr,
beloved husband of Catherine Carr. and father of
Mrs. W. A. Bain and Helen Curr, a native of
Enosburg, Vt.. a?ed 58 years and 3 months.
DKRAIN— In Oakland. April 9. 1896. Rose, be-
loved wife of R. D. Deraln. and sister of Daniel
and Owen Ferguson, a native of County Louth,
I Ireland, a?ed 35 years.
*if"Frierirls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday', from the residence of her brother,
Daniel Fersuson, 61 seventh street, Oakland,
thence to the Church of the Immaculate Concep-
tion, wnere a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her sou!, commencing at
9 o'clock a. jr. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
O. C. F.— To the officers and members of Empire
Council No. 4-7. <>. C. F. : You are hereby notified
to meet at hall. 909 Market street.TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock a.m. sharp, to attend
the funeral of our late friend. Mrs. .Hose Derain.
JOHS L. CAHILL, Councilor.
James Jobdas, Secretary.
HE ALT— In thia city, April 8, 1898, Daniel, be-
| loved husband of Ellen Uealy, and fattier of
Mary, Margaret. Thomas, Annie. Sadie, Ellen,
Henry and Nora Healy, a native of Ahavrin,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 51 years 1 month and
16 days.
t£ir Friends and acquaintance. 1 ) arts resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY.
4 (Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from bis late resi-
d ence. 410 Duncan street, thence to S;. Paul's
Church, corner Twenty -ninth and Church streets.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HUDSOX— In city. April 8. 1896, Mrs. Sophie
Hudson, dearly beloved mother of Emily A. and
the late Daniel W. Hudson and Mrs. W. K. Mel-
ville, a native of Leicestershire, England, aged 87
years 1 month and 22 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from ncr late
residence, 157 Clara street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
JOY— In this city, April 8, 1898. Nettle, beloved
wife of Charles Joy, a native of Vermont, aged
67 years.
KENTZEL— In 'his city. April 8. 1896, Mary, be-
loved wife of James W. Keutzel, and mother of
Mrs. Charles K. Davis, John W., Kate. James R.,
Harry H. and David J. Kentzel. a native of St.
' Louis. Mo., aged 46 years 11 months and 8 days.
45~Friends and acquaintances are resnoct-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1321% Broadway, thence to St. Bridg-
et's Church. where »solemn'requiem mass will b9
celebrated tor the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
C. O. F.— Satellite Circle No. 143. C. O. F. : Offi-
cers and members are hereby notified to as-
semble at l?2iy 3 Broadway Til is DAY (Friday),
at 8:30oclock a. vt. sharp, to attend the funeral
of our late beloved companion. May Kentzel.
By order, MRS, M. C. BOYD, C. C.
Miss M. Smith, Financial Secretary.
KINSELLA— Tn thlscity. April 8. 1896, William
H.. beloved son of John and. the late Hanora
Kinsella. and brother of Mrs. William G. Kaiser.
Mrs. J. M". Kelley, Mrs. P. J. Clarke, Mrs. George
;Osuood, Mrs. Thomas Foley and the late James
T. Kinsella, a native of Rockland, Mass., aged
35 years and 9 months.
*3"Frieii!li and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ate:id the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 719 Natoma street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Jo Church, where a
requiem hieb mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock A. M.
Interment Holy Cro3s Cemetery.
LYONS— In the City and County Hospital, April
9. 1896. Louisa Lyons, a?ea 27 years.
MOXTGAILLARD— In this city. April — . 1898.
Mrs. Marie Montgaillard, a native of Chile, aged
60 years and 7 mouths.
MURPHY— In this city. April 8. 1896. William
Murphy, beloved father of Mrs. J.J. Walsh nnd
Thomas Mnroby, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 9'J years.
Kg" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:25 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of John J. Walsh, Eleventh avenue, be-
tween M and N streets, south of Golden Gate
Park, thence to St. Agnes Church, Masonic
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. *
PECK— April 8. 1896. Edward Carl, beloved son of
Edward and Frances Peck, aged 6 months and 8
days.
PLUNS— Entered Into rest in Palo Alto, April 9,
1896, William, beloved husband . of Minnie
Pluns. and father of Fred. Willie, Florence,
Tillie and Lulu Plans, a native or Hanover,
Germany, aged 43 years 11 months and 7 days.
ROSEWICH-In this city. April 6. 1896. Susan
Rosewlch, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years.
SAWYER— In this city. April 9. 1896. Allle,
dearly beloved son of Joseph H. and Ella Sawyer,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years 1 month
and 27 days.
£S~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
STRAUSS— In this city. April 7. 1896. Isaak
Mrauss. beloved brother of Slgmond Strauss and
Mrs. Eugenic Araude, a native of Germany, aged
28 years. .
tt3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
! street, under the auspices of Court Washington
. No. 37, Foresters of America. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, San Mat co County, by 11:45
: o'clock a. m. train from Third and Townsend
, streets. Please omit flowers. By order of
JOHN BILLER, C. R.
M. C. Lasky, Rec Sec.
WILSON— In this city, April 7. 1596, Caroline
Wilson, beloved mother of Edward G.Wilson
, Julia E. Masciorini ana Clara J. Whetlock, a na-
tive of Appleton. Kent, England, aged J 68 years
5 months and 3 days. 1 * '•*.•■■ •-.' '■' -'" - v
«3~Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
"fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock P. if., from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 131 Fifteenth street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Every Requisite for First-class Funerals
":■:: ■ at Reasonable Rates. -
-. Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
" NtcAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMEBS 1
SO ruth St., Opp. Lincoln School. ' I
Telephone 8080. I
1516
NEW IDEA FOR
A DEPOT SITE
One May Be Located at the
Market and Seventh
Street Corner.
SOME SIGNIFICANT TALK
Information Given by a Well
informed Attache of the
Southern Pacific.
THAT SHORT ROUTE TO BADEN.
It Will Be the Consummation of a
Plan Long Favored by the Late
Senator Stanford.
Among the contemplated projects of the
Southern Pacific Company is evidently
one to establish a depot at Seventh and
Market streets. This it has no immediate
intentions of doing, but all its plans in
connection with bringing in the Southern
Pacific Railroad trains on this side of the
bay indicate thai such is its hope and aim.
Prom one high in the councils comes the
information that bears on this matter.
The statement that such is the purpose of
tne corporation is not a direct one. The
idea is one that is apparently not new to
the railroad magnates, and the plans lead
ing to the desired end are being developed
in the most perspicacious and least alarm
ing manner.
In the course of an interview with an
officer in the service of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company yesterday con
siderable new information was obtained
concerning the future plars of the com
pany relative to the new route to Baden,
lie began by saying:
"The chart, as produced in yesterday's
Call, was absolutely correct. Of course,
the company will not yield its right to the
grant of tideland given it by the Legisla
ture without a struggle. It belongs to the
company by right. It is in its possession
and has been improved :it the expense of
thousands of dollars, and to now ask the
company to give up pos>e>sion to the peo
ple — who, by the by, have not asked for it —
would be an act of the grossest injustice.
"This company does not give up any
thing that it gets lawfully without a
struggle.
' - It may be that the clause of expending
$200.« Xi has not been complied with to the
letter. But in view of the fact that a suit
able outlet from these terminal grounds
had not been settled upon, the company
did not know what class of improvements
would he necessary at the lime that it ac
quired possession. Since then, however,
the condition of affairs has changed, and
to-day the company lias a pretty good idea
of its necessities in this direction. The
construction of the coast line to Ix>s
Angeles and its connection ■with the New
Orleans line leaves no doubt as to the ab
solute necessity of having a suitable depot
on this side of the b?y.
"To this end the site at the foot of
Seventh street has been definitely settled
upon as the proper place to locate the
depot. The proposed line as laid out for
a connection at Baden will prove that the
Seventh-street site is the only suitable one
upon which to erect a depot.
"This same idea had been entertained by
Governor Stanford for years before his
death, and since his death the present
management has not seen any reason for
a change of plan.
"A glance at the City map will show how
completely the Southern Pacific Company
has the proposed depot site connected with
the numorous lines of the Market-street
railway system— caDle and electric. These
run north and south along Third, Fourth,
Fifth, Sixth, Seventh and Eighth streets,
and east and west along Townsend from
Third street, where the freight sheds are
located, alone Bluxome from Fourth to
Fifth, along Bryant, Brannan, Howard,
Mission and Market streets. Thus there is
not a phostof a show for any other street
railroad to come anywhere nearthe section,
which will be in all probability one of toe
busiest of San Francisco when the inten
tions of the company are fully and finally
consummated.
'Now there is yet a scheme in the minds
of those who control the machinery of
this great corporation that has not here
tofore been made public. It is this:
'You will observe that the new Postofh'ce
will be built on Seventh and Mission
streets. To net the material to that place
from Townsend street, where it necessarily
will be brounht from mill and quarry, a line
of track will be laid on Seventh street
from Townsend to Market street. Along
thi^ street the Southern Pdcific Company's
street railway ally holds a franchise for a
cable road.
"This will no doubt be changed to an
electric line, which will be constructed
upon the same gauge as the Southern
Pacific Company's regular track, so that
the tars containing the Postoffice material
can without trouble or ioss of time be
switched onto the electric line and pro
pelled to its destination. But—"
Here the gentleman stopped and with a
significant elui.ee and a smile Added :
"It may be that such would be the ton
nage of the material that an electric motor
wouid be unable to move the cars. In
that case, ami inasmuch as the contract
with the United States Government would
admit o! no unnecessary delays, it might
become absolutely necessary to hook on a
steam engine to haul the heavy cars.
This hauling could be done during the
night when there would be no passengers
to be carried.
"So you can see that if the company
once got the use of Seventh street for
steam service it might to able to demon
strata the great benefit of having a pas
senger depot at or near Market street
close to the <i<neral Postoftice, where
mails could be received and delivered
without the necessity of transmission in
express-v.acons, as is now being done.
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY PURE
"In any case the Seventh-street outlet
is almost a certainty. This can be seen
by the preparations made, and the mate
rial used in the branch line which runs
out Seventh street from Townsend on
what is known as the Potrero branch.
The rails on a portion of this track weigh
105 pounds to the yard, which are the
heaviest steel rails laid on any road on
this coast.
"Again, the Seventh-street drawbridge
exists in name only, as can be seen by
observing that the railroad company's
track is continuous and solidly laid, with
no possibility of the bridge being oDened.
However, at present, and probably for all
time to come, there will be no necessity
for opening this bridge because the creek
west of it is filled in and made impractible
for navigation.
"Yes, the Kentucky - street so - called
right of way has been abandoned. That
route was found to be utterly impracticable
for many reasons. Hence the Fourth
street drawbridge was removed as soon as
the Seventh-street bridge was completed.
This, of course, enabled the company to
run its cars from Townsend street to the
Union Iron Works, the rolling-mills and
Spreckels Sugar Refinery, which is all the
use the company has at present for a
bridge across the channel.
"I might add that on the last visit of
Mr. huntington to this City he made a
careful examination of the entire locality,
and the more thought he gave these plans
the more impressed he appeared to be with
the idea of locating the depot at Seventh
street and running the road over the
Potrero route to Baden.
"I have not heard Colonel Crocker ex
press himself on the subject, but, of
■ course, if Mr. Hnntington approves of it
1 none of the other directors are likely to
! oppose his views, even if they were so in
j dined, which is not so in this case."
Asked if he knew exactly what route
' the short line to Baden would follow he
replied:
"Some time ago the railroad abandoned
! the old drawbridge that they had for years
maintained across Channel street, just
j east of Fourth. They did not, however,
abandon this drawbridge until after they
i had secured a franchise to extend their
tracks along Seventh street, from Town-
Mod to Hanta Clara, then down Santa
Clara to Illinois. En that way they
readied their warehouses and wharves
south of Channel street and east of Ken
i tacky. 1 hey also use this new extension
I for the purpose of connecting with the
Union Iron AVorics, the Spreckels sugar
refinery and other large industries estab
lished on the Potrero.
"Their new bay route will probably
| burrow into the Potrero hills just where
Seventh street, if extended, would come
into Mariposa street, or somewhere be
tween Indiana street and Pennsylvania
, avenue. It will emerge from the tunnel
iust back of the rope walks, or about at
Twenty-second street. After passing the
rope walks it will probably curve slightly
to the west, keeping just above the line of
high tide until about at the junction of
Islais Creek with Mississippi or Texas
streets. A bridge will span Islais Creek
and then it will run on piling or filling
across the marsh in almost a direct line
for the Mt. St. Joseph's Orphanage, under
which hill a second tunnel will be driven,
coming out at. the head of the Bay View
' Valley, near to tne old Bay View race
j course.
"A mi> or so across this valley will
I bring them up against another hill which
j will have to be pierced with a third tun
nel. This tunnel will be almost directly
; beneath -the Six-mile House, which stands
at tlu> junction of San Bruno avenue with
j tuo extension of Railroad avenue.
"Coming out of the third and last tun
nel, the}' are almost within a stone's
throw of the San Mateo County line. From
the exit of this tunnel to Baden the route
is easy, and presents no engineering or
other diliiculties.
"The above described route, as laid out
from Mission Bay to the County line, is
almost in an air line, and, although being
for almost the entire distance within a few
minutes' walk of thickly populated dis
tricts, it is laid out for the greater part of
the distance through vacant lands."
MUST WAIT TILL JULY.
No Contracts for Bituniiiiizing Folsom
Street Will Be Let for Three
Months Vet.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors disposed of a large amount of
work at its meeting yesterday.
It was decided to report in favor of the
acceptance of Fillmore street, from Thir
teenth to Hermann, and the crossing of
Twenty-second and Tennessee streets.
The co mini tee agreed to report favorably
on the following petitions:
Commercial Transfer Company, to erect a
portable oflice at 4.i Sinter street"; Merchants'
Association, to of/er on April 23 susuestions
on specifieationsforstreet-sweepiiifr; Williams,
Bclser & Co., for a private contract to construct
a sewer in Alabama street, between Nineteenth
an<l Twentieth; City Street Improvement Com
pany for a release from a contract to pave
Heale street, from Fo.som to Harrison and
from Harrison to iJryant.
The Street Superintendent was directed
to require tne property-owners on the west
line oi Twenty-fourth avenue, between A
ana C streets, to remove the sand that has
drifted upon the sidewalk and to construct
bulkheads.
The following proposed work was post
poned for six months:
Paving of Front, from Clay to Washington;
paving of Fifteenth, from Noi> to Castro ; chang
ing of the grades and paving of Greenwich
alley.
The petition of James McCoy for an ex
tension of sixty days on his contract to
grade Montgomery avenue was denied;
also his petition for release from his con
tract to grade Polk, from Greenwich to
Lombard.
The protest against the construction of a
sewer in Lyon and Chestnut street to Beach
was set for hearing on April 20.
The petition of the Mutual Telephone
Company for a telephone franchise was
ajain leard today, and owing to the ab
sence of Chairman Spreckels action upon
it was deferred.
Kepresentatives of the Folsom-street
and South Side Improvement clubs ap
peared before the committee and urced
that contracts be awarded for the paving
of Folsom street, between Sixth and Third,
in order to complete the South
Side boulevard system. They were told
that no money could be spared for this
work at present. They were told that
contracts had been awarded for the navmg
of the street from Sixth to Nineteenth"
and that the improvement involved an
expenditure of $34,000. The committee
promised to award the other contracts
next July.
The Street Superintendent was directed
to require property-owners to pave Bay
street, from Leaven worth to Jones, witn
| cobbles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
THE COMING OF A
BIG CONVENTION.
National Christian Endeav
orers May Assemble in
This City.
WILLIAM SHAW'S VISIT
The International Treasurer Will
Arrive Here by Next
Saturday.
LOCAL MEMBERS ARE ACTIVE
Committees Formed to Make Every
Possible Effort to Secure the
Great Gathering.
William Shaw, the treasurer of the
United Society of Christian Endeavor and
the World's Society of Christian Endeavor,
the largest organized body of young peo-
WILLIAM SIIAVV. TREASURER WORLD'S SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR.
pie in the world, is now on his way to this
City.
Mr. Shaw will arrive in San Francisco
at 10:45 a. m., April 18, and will speak that
evening in Oakland. On the following
afternoon, Sunday, April 19, he will ad
dress a mass-meeting of the Christian En
deavorers at the Young Men's Christian
Association. While in this State he will
visit Sacramento, San Jose, Los Angeles
and San Diego, and address mass-meetings
at each of these places to stir up interest
in the international convention to be held
at Washington, D. C, in July of this year.
Mr. Shaw's chief purpose in visiting this
State, however, will be to ascertain whether
San Francisco is in a position to entertain
the international convention of Christian
Endeavor in 1897. Mr. Shaw is anxious
to know how interested the people of this
State are in the great convention and if
sufficient accommodations can be secured
for so large a delegation as will come to
this City.
It will be remembered that in May,
1894, John Willis Baer, the secretary of
the United Society of Christian Endeavor,
visited this City with the object of secur
ing from the railroad companies the
special rates necessary to obtain for this
City the annual convention of 1890.
Owing to a disagreement existing at that
time between the members of the Trans
continental Association Mr. Baer was
not successful, and the convention was
won by Boston.
But the Endeavorers of California were
determined to bring one of the great
international conventions to the Golden
Gate, and, finding it impossible to secure
the special rates necessary for 1895, they
made a strong fight for the convention of
1897. While no rate has been fixed as yet,
the " '97 committee" appointed by the
Golden Gate Christian Endeavor Union to
secure the convention for California is of
the firm belief that the rates which they
are desirous of obtaining will be given.
They believe that the action of the Trans
continental Association in fixing a rate of
$50 for the round trip to Chicago and San
Francisco for the Republican National
Convention is a sure guarantee that a like
rate will be given them, especially when
the convention will be so much larger.
Rolla V. Watt, who is chairman of the
'97 committee and chairman of the com
mittee to receive Mr. Shaw, when seen
yesterday said :
"Mr. Shaw is coming here to look over
the field as an officer of the United
Society of Christian Endeavor, inci
dentally to encourage the Christian En
deavor workers and talk up the interna
tional convention to be lield at Washing
ton next July. But Mr. Shaw is coming
out here principally to ascertain whether
San Francisco or California is really in a
position to suitably entertain ho large a
body as the '97 convention will be. He
will also see that the cost of the conven-
tion— amounting to $20,000— be fully guar
anteed before the California delegation
leaves this City for the Washington con
vention, and determine as to whether
suitable meeting places and hotel accom
modations are to be found.
"The convention meetings will be largely
attended," said Mr. Watt, "and there will be
three in progress at one time. Three large
halls or tents, seating over 0000 each*, will
be required. All the delegates pay their
own expenses, but must be sure of suitable
accommodations before the convention is
in session. Mr. Shaw is tlie treasurer and
really business manager of the United So
ciety, and his opinion in tnese matters will
have great weight with the Christian En
deavorers in the East."
The Christian Endeavorers of this State
are fully aroused to the importance of
using every effort to bring the great con
vention West. Last July the convention
was held in Boston and it was without dis
pute the largest religious assembly ever
convened. Over 56,000 delegates were pres
ent from all parts of the world. Not only
were Endeavorers present from India,
China, Japan, Alaska. Australia and al
most every portion of the globe — not only
were all these present, but thoße represent
ing the largest bodies of Christian En
deavor came as accredited delegates — Rev.
W. J. L. Closs for the 1509 societies of Aus
tralia, Rev. W. K. Chaplin for the 2500 so
cieties of England and the Rev. John Pol
lock lor the 200 societies of Scotland.
While it is not expected, owing to the
location of San Francisco, that such large
numbers as attended the Boston conven
tion can be brought to this City, the Chris
tian Er.deavorers feel sure that a moderate
estimate of the Eastern delegates will at
least number 10,000, in addition to which
will be the Pacific Coast delegates who will
number about 15,000.
The '97 committee appointed by the En
deavorers to brine this convention West
consists of Rolla V. Watt of the Royal In
surance Company, J. S. Webster of Neu
stadter Bros., C. Z. Merritt of Miller & Lux,
Donald Mackenzie and C. F. Baker of
Crocker- Woolworth National Bank.
MIDNIGHT PROWLERS.
Two Suspected Burglars Arrested at an
Karly Hour in the Mission.
Joseph Albright and Edward Lee were
arrested on Mission street early yesterday
morning by Policemen Thompson and
Blackman. 'They were taken to the Seven
teenth-street station, and on being
searched a set of burglar's tools was found
upon Albright. Hi; was booked for hav
ing burglar's tools in his possession, and
Lee had a charge of vagrancy registered
against him.
They appeared in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday morning, and the Judge at once
recognized Lee as a man who had been
frequently before him on various charges,
and against whom a charge of vagrancy
had been pending for some time. He had
released Lee on his own recognizance, and
the case was on the calendar for to
morrow.
Lee was one of the men arrested about a
year at;o for robbing and almost killing
"Bull 1 ' Harrington about that time on
Fulton rtreet, neur Baker. He was held
to answer before the Superior Court, but
managed to secure an acquittal.
The Dolice are inclined to the belief that
Albriglit and Lee are the two men who
have recently been committing burplaries
in the Mission, and Thompson and BlacK
man have been detailed to make an inves
tigation.
COMING THESPIANS.
Performance by Pupil* of the Columbia
School.
The students of the Columbia School of
Dramatic Art gave tLeir sixth public per
formance yesterday afternoon at tiie Co
lumbia Theater to a large audience, which
evidently enjoyed the good things pro
vided. The students were all thoroughly
acquainted with their lines and showed a
marked improvement in their acting.
The fencing was quite above the ordi
nary stage duel, although "attack" seems
to have been more studied than guard.
One young lady seemed particularly ear
nest in the cut-antl-thrust style, and more
of the latter than the former.
The songs and trio from act 1 of an origi
nal onera by A. S. Rnorer speak well for
the original opera, if it be all equal 10 th-e
samples given. A. S. Rhorer and Ira
Ladd sang and acted well. Miss Margaret
Coleman might have used her voice bet
ter. There were a number of other musical
selections, among which were Miss Nora
Moiloy's song, "Come to My Heart," and
Miss Donar's reading, with song, "The
Singers' Climax."
The scene from "Marie Stuart" was ex
cellently acted by Miss Freda Gallick and
Miss M. Colby. Miss Gallick showed der
self to be the possessor of real dramatic
talent, and Miss Colby, with a less showy
part, did equally well.' Miss Minna Ferric,
in "Tne Window Curtain," was good, but
she would huve been even better if she
had cultivated more repose. R. U. Traver
and Miss M. Capwell were both clever in
"An Oak in a Storm"; indeed the lady
showed remarKable ability, and was over
whelmed with flowers and applause.
James Keane. who gave a recitation,
showed that he has improved since the
last performance.
"The Parents' Tribulation," a one-act
comedy, was well acted by G. Phillips and
the Mi-sea S. Gray, C. Lathrop, Helen
Maurier.
11l tin; Herald's prize play "Hearts,"
Miss Ellen Deane and Miss'Henrick es
pecially distinguished themselves.
The musical director deserves especial
credit for the pure and natural manner in
which most of nis pupils sang.
The Seal Rock's Picnic.
Club Seal Rock, virtually Court Seal Rock of
the Foresters, will hold their fourth annual
picnic and excursion to Glenwoort Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains, on Sunday, May 3.
The following committee hascharec of the
aflair: R. J. EvHns, L. V. de Maniel, A. Ramin,
George Wilklm and H. L. McKnew. The pro
ceeds of the affair will be used in the purclmse
of books for their library and the better equip
ment of their iodgcrooms.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Ryan <fc Ryan. 10 Mongomery avenue. •
AN OWL SERVICE
AND LOW FARES
The Time Propitious for
Presenting Reasonable
Demands.
STOCKHOLDERS TO MEET
Owners of the Market-Street
Railway to Assemble Within
the Next Week. .
VIEWS OF PRESIDENT CROCKER
Reduced Fares Will Be Considered.
Manager Vining Discusses an
All-Night Service.
"Within a week there is to be a meeting
of the stockholders of the Market-street
Railway Company, and those who ara
agitating for an "owl" or late service and
a 3-cent fare will have an opportunity of
presenting their rase, such as will not
occur again for at least a year.
One of the stock replies to requests for
these concessions has been that there was
not a sufficient demand for them, but that
they emanated from a few chronic discon
tents.
Colonel Charles F. Crocker is the presi
dent of the road, and when interviewed
yesterday stated that the matter of 3
cent fares had never been officially brought
to his attention, and that all he knew
about it was what he read in the papers.
The matter of a late service, he added, was
entirely in the hands of the general man
ager, Mr. Vining. Mr. Crocker then con
tinued :
"Personally, I do not wish to express
any opinion on the matter, and officially I
would have no right to speak unless the
matter comes up before the directors of
the company in some way, which would
enable them to expred3 their views and
adopt a policy, and then authorize me to
speak for them. I do not care to express
myself.as I could, as you see, only do so as
an individual, and that I ought not to do.
"It is a matter to be carefully considered
by the directors, as they alone have the
right to say what policy shall be adopted
and what course pursued in the face of the
present agitation to compel a reduction in
fares.
"I have no doubt that the matter will
come up at the next meeting of the stock
holders for consideration, though, mind
you, Ido not say that anything will be
done. We hope and expect there will be a
great many stockholders presert, and nat
urally some one, in view of all this agita
tion, is sure to bring the matter up, and it
will then be discussed and acted upon."
A call was then made upon Mr. Vining
relative to the "owl" service. He said
that when he first came here to take
charsre of the Market-street railway system
some friend called his attention to the evi
dent necessity for an all-niuht service in a
city as large as San Francisco. He re
ferred the matter to the directors, but they
decided against it as they did not believe
it would prove a paving proposition. It
was suggested that the experiment be
tried, but this met with opposition on the
ground that if it were once established and
then discontinued it would raise a howl
against the company worse than any
simple agitation for the establishment of
sucii a service. For this reason, he said,
nothing has ever been attempted in that
direction.
Mr. Vining then stated that it would be
impossible to maintain such a service by
either electric or cable power, and that if
cars were run after 1 o'clock they would
have to be horsecars. Continuing he said
such a service, say out into the Mission
district, would have to be maintained be
tween the hours of 1 and 5 a. m. , so as to
give an all-night service, as the regular
time for starting in the morning was
SA. m., and it would have to be operated
from the ferry to Ciiina avenue on the line
of the Mission-street electric line, a dis
tance of nearly six miles.
To run a car every half hour would re
quire six cars, twenty horses and at least
six men. The expense would not be less
than $30 a day, and it would therefore re
quire not less than 600 fares, at 5 cents
each, to pay the running expenses.
Another serious obstacle that had to be
considered, he said, was the fact that the
Mission-street electric tracks were laid on
a broader gauge than the horsecars, and
before the cars could be used their gauge
would have to be changed, and connecting
tracks would also have to be laid from the
carhouse at Fourth and Shipley streets to
Mission street. This, he said "would in
volve considerable expense.
From these interviews it would appear
that if proper and concerted action is taken,
something may be accomplished both in
the way of securing lower fares and in an
all-night service.
JORDAN ON AGASSIZ.
Two Hundred Japanese Addressed by
Stanford's President.
At the Japanese Methodist Mission on
Pine street last night President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford University lectured
about Professor Agassiz, one of the great
est scientists of this century and the first
man to declare that there had been a time
when the earth was covered with a frozen
crust.
Dr. Jordan said that Agassiz was a
Swiss by birth. He was educated at
the University of Munich, then, be
cause of its noted teachers, the best uni
versity in the world. Later, Agassiz lived
in the Latin quarter of Paris— where Trilby
was supposed to live— picturesque to read
about, but, like the real Chinatown of San
Francisco, explained Dr. Jordan, squalid
enough when you see it.
Agassi z came to America in 1846 soon
after attaining distinction in Europe and
became professor of natural history at
Harvard University, ft'ien only a little
college. He aiways spoke French with a
German accent, German with a French
accent and English with both a German
and a French accent, but in spite of his
imperfect pronunciation Dr. Jordan said
he has never heard any man that had
such a charming and ready flow of lan
guage as A gassiz.
Ho slept on a glacier for seventy con
secutive nights to study its slow move
ments and had rheumatism in one shoul
der the rest of his life.
"Joseph Le Conte, a pupil of Agassiz,
has been for many years the ereatest scien
tist on this coast,""' remarked Dr. Jordan.
In 1872 Apassiz instituted a scientific
summer school on the little island of
Peuikeese, near Cape Cod, and Dr. Jordan
was the youngest of the fifty students
accepted from the 500 applicants.
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOOD f^^, .__ _
x . 1^ — it ■* u> x
X ; , /,7,/ / Sp^TOt §
X W 345, IVMO 1 STREET \ M ,••''/ V// /// A J ncY O
X 1 <M>^~ c : ;* , \lf '/ 7 //v ■ ■ 6 v O
X "^ .^J /^^6AUTYOFOi/ftNeVJ>\A c =^^ X'
X *"^ ::^ ;^: g=^- A
X —^"HT^r ''JAW eOhPGTING >TOCHB> <\ - — X
I .::■. special I
ii FORMAL OPENING OP OUR CHILDREN'S WRAP DEPARTMENT. A MOST 1 1
;§>£> COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF CHILDREN'S WANTS. §V
11 *^|1* 30 CHILDREN'S REEFERS, t|?sa& @;2
®» Ui.4 made with sailor collar and *^* ( 'g
<*xf> J^-^ sailor revers. ornamented •i)
C»i| /^oM%ff/ttlk. with braid and steel buttons ; iSjp^ytS^k *•$
#$ JsmttSrzsSß^ comes in tan, bine and gray ; < Ez»''^'^l|sSw •• I]
%\ BBp|B|SiHm acres 4to 10 years. This ear- S£T, %My *<%
&y merit cannot be duplicated for -' "' Jb '"
II l"ss than $7 50. Our price is jTWv\ "•
|| WTOV^ ' 35 CHILDREN^ JACKETS. "M**^ M
' $*> "-» 9" Ages 8 to 12 years, made of « a <•■•>
(H •|f<-^'- cheviot mixed cloth, with vel- WB- V g®
(ft® ~ vet collar, full box front. A -^ — X-«^ ;
'• •) PKICE, »5. 00. bargain at $5. Our price $3 50. ~ — (S/$
II See cut. PRICE, 53.50. ||
®^ 25 CHILDREN'S EPAULETTE REEFERS, made of all-wool check <f®
«|J cloth, with combination, soutnsh shirt wai=t sleeves, comes in tan f-j«
Jsfe) or blue check, very stylish, good value at $5, sizes 4t~ 8 years, lj/2
o.f Oui. price • $3.50 Each * $
pV 50 CHILDREN'S REEFER?, in blue and red, sailor collar, trimmed ' §
©9? with braid, ages 4to 10, regular $2 50 Reefer. We will put them ';5
ionsale at.... $1 25 Each &3
II NEW SPECIALS. I?
. . , o»ig
$\'S\ 150 dozen Wouldn't you just as leave save half a a .)
<4# LADIES' DHRBY dollar. They are fancy stitched and as- AChC V
Jk GLOVES. sorted sizes, the colors tans and English *|.v/v/» jfL
%2 reds. SPECIAL PRICE PER PAIR— \>
%J POLISHED Types can't tell half this bargain story- I €*
jfL STEEL HOOKS , These hooks and eyes come 2 dozen on a JL.
*3 AND EYES. * card, and they nve as good as any at; twice -^^w« (^
X the price. SPECIAL PRICE PER CARD— X
a nn . . Get your man a tie for church next Sun- 1 "iF
€% <->?i>jT<i» tfi k- day when you are in. We have the newest, %mm .-> #%
*W utIN -r^c ILK - ! prettiest assortment of teck and four-in- I jJSL* \f
M% lIES - i hand ties in S. F. 50c kind. . I ** F\
W SPECIAL PRICE EACH— | . V"
f : &
C# 27-INCH The regular 12Kc grade. The bargain •: «#
>& DRESS price would be B^c. We limit our cus- OC Mk
%9 GINGHAM. tomers to 15 yards each. A fine grade. 1 VVI C>
fa SPECIAL PRICE PER YARD— X
JL WHITE Here's a crisp, snappy bargain for wide- J&
%9 LAWN awake buyers. Raised cord, good quality. tZC %M
jSL FOR DRESSES. Value B»^c. Come early to this. J^» JL
%M SPECIAL PRICE PER YARD- %3
If VISIT OUR NEW CLOAK DEPARTMENT. j£
AUAT C DDHQ (incorporated), if
<£ MALL DKUb. 937 to 945 MARKET ST. #
i tlC************ wPC Wy
Wonder !^^
lYiiiiincry^^ta^
The Latest J^#>fV The Prices
Spring and are Low -
Summer The Largest
Designs, from %<otfflgT and Best
Paris, London L"^" W$ Selected
and New York. Sst« Stock Ever
jL HATS, LACES, FLOWERS, '
Jft FEATHERS, RIBBONS.
f^p^Mfj:^^^; 1026 Market St.
lyJ^yJ lvidi rvtJL OL
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED 11AR IKON ...... ...51. 75 ba«n
ANGLE 1K0N...: „ o , 5 «_!
BAND 1K0N.......:. 309 .. .
Round Edge Tire Steel 3.10 flat
Toe " 2.50 ..
Plow •« ....'..... 3.35 •«
German Hammered " 3*7*5 base
Tick « 4.00 "
Machinery •• 300 "
spring " ;;; 5o «•
Cold Kolli-r) '*.'.. 3.25 "
Fiuished Shaftiiiß ........!!. 3.35 "
Terms:— Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUOSQN M'F'G. GO.
SAN FRANCISCO.
4BIRNYS\
TS THE VERY BKcV. o.\K TO EXAMINE i
Klass.s with a F d , flt .inents of Spectacles inveutiun.
gassts with instruments ot his own Invention,
wbose superiority has not been equaled. My suo-
THE DEIMEL
Linen-Mesh Underwear!
Healthy. Comfortable, Cleanly, Durable. 1
FOR SALE AT THE STOKE OF .
The Dcimel Linen-Mesh System Company,
, ill Montgomery St., Opp. Occidental Hotel.
£ ROSE CAMIVALS
— AND A—
A VENETIAN WATER
R swell the great tide of merrv-
will swell the great tide of merry,
making to sweep over the State this
season.
N\SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL
Is Programmed for
Apr/I 30, May 1 and 2.
The charming City of Roses is very
I much at home with this favored
flower, and her pride in its exhibi
tion is surpassed only by her
amazing wealth of roses. .vr:-- -.
SAN MATEO COUNTY'S
V ROSE CARNIVAL
is to be held at Redwood City on tha
DATES NAMED ABOVE, and i? will
Ltar r s tbitsanM&i<:( >
A SANTA CRUZ VENETIAN
WATER CARNIVAL
L is announced for June 17 to 20 in
elusive Mere mention brines ivivfd
recollections of last season's brill
event, to be completely eclinsed this
' der r how!' Said - : I«W»»1MU will wou-
S REDUCED RATES will be