VOLUME LXXIX.— NO, 128.
FAVOR BRADLEY
FOR PRESIDENT.
Rumored Intention of the
American Protective
Association.
OPPOSED TO M'KINLEY.
Delegates to St. Louis Will
Vote Against the Ohio
Candidate.
CLAIM TO HAVE A MAJORITY.
Kentucky's Governor Notified That
He Will Be Supported Regard
less of Instructions.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 5. — The
Courier-Journal to-day print? a sensational
FTory in effect that Governor Bradley of
Kentucky has joined the American Pro
tective Association, and is the associa
tion's candidate for President. The state
ment is conrirmed by his presence at the
cession of the Louisville American Pro
tective Association council?. The Courier
.lounial says Governor Bradley was ac-
I into that order on the afternoon of
.^f [.tern ber 28, 1895, at the Victoria Hotel
in this city under a special dispensation
granted by State President C. E. Sapp.
About the middle of last September the
American Protective Association of the
fr-tate determined to indorse some one of
the tickets then in the field. It indorsed
all of the Republican ticket with the ci
i • ption of Colonel Bradley, who was the
candidate for Governor on that ticket. In
regard to the candidafe for Governor there
•was some dissension. Governor Bradley
■was not indorsed because it was said that
some of his family were Catholics, and the
American Protective Association turned
toward Thomas Pettit, the Populist can
didate.
It is said Pettit would have been in
dorsed, but for the fact that Bradley be-
came a member of the order.
Realizing that matters were in a serious
condition, some of Bradley's friends re
solred to have him join the order. On
ihe afternoon of September 27 last, Brad
ley spoke at Scottsville, in AJJeu County.
He was met at that place by John P.
Fliltr Jr., County Attorney of Jefferson
Coonty, »iio assured him that everything
was lost it he did not join the A. P. A.
Pults made the trip to Scottsville espe
cially to bring Bradley to Louisville for
the purpose of having him initiated, and
Bradley consented. Leaving Scottsville
on the afternoon or night of September
27, they arrived at the Victoria Hotel in
this city in time for breakfast on the
morning of Saturday, September 28. He
was initiated on that day, the oath being
administered by Georee H. Thomas.
Several days ago, the Courier- Journal
add?, Governor Bradley received a tele-
pram from the Supreme Advisory Board
cf the American Protective Association in
Washington. The telegram, it is said,
told the Governor to t>e of good cheer and
iiot withdraw from the Presidential race.
The further information was conveyed
that the American Protective Association
would have a majority in the Republican
National Convention; that it was for
Bradley and would never vote for McKin
ley. no matter how the delegates were in
structed, because, it is said. Governor Mc-
Kinley had joined the Ancient Order of
Hibernians some time ago.
It is Baid further that the telegram to
Governor Bradley informed him that Lin
tun, the American Protective Association's
candidate, was off the track, and that both
tiie Republican and Democratic win^s of
that organization would rally to his sup
port.
In this connection it will be recalled that
Urn A. P. A. of Omaha recently declared
for Linton fust choice, Bradley second
choice and AfcKinley third choice.
MISS OV HI It KM O Clt A TS.
Conventions Held in Seventeen Counties
to Elect State Delegate*.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., April Democratic
conventions were held yesterday in seven
teen Missouri counties to elect delegates
to the State convention. Every conven
tion but that of Warren County passed
free-silver resolutions. The majority of
them instructed their delegates to vote for
Governor Stone, Senators Vest and Cock
rell and ex-Congressman Bland for dele
gates-at-large.
M'KISLEY'S STBJCXGTH.
General Grotrenor figures That He Will
Ha r#» a Majority.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 5.-General
Grosvenor of Ohio to-night recapitulated
by States the number of delegates elected
lM St. Louis convention whom he
claimed lor McKinley, Ohio's candidate
for the Presidency. The table is as fol
lows:
Alabama 4 New York 4
Arkansas 16 Ohio 46
Florida 8 Pennsylvania... 2
<.<»orpia 17 South Carolina .. 6
Illinois : 6 South Dakota 8
lidiana 30 Texas _ : 12
Kansas 20 Virginia.. ............ 2
Louisiana 8 Wpgt Virginia 2
Minnesota 18 Wisconsin 24
Mississippi 18 Indian Territory 2
Missouri 10 N-w J Mexico. . ... ... 4
Nebraska 2 Oklahoma .....!... 4
>e\v Jersey 12 ■ .. v- *
Total ; .'. .275
"I continue," said General Grosvenor,
"to count the unelected delegates in Ohio
and Indiana, which reconciles the differ
ence between the New York Tribune's fig
. ures and mine by the addition of twenty
four. My claims in Texas, Oklahoma and
South Carolina differ from those of others
who are figuring. Mine will be right ab
solutely, or will be under the actual result.
"The present week will not be an inter
esting one, so far as State conventions are
concerned, the only ones to be selected
being those of South Carolina, Oregon and
Khode Island; but during the remainder
of April there will be at least 175 ; dele
gates elected for McKinley, and the Ist of
May will see the number .of McKinley
delegates easily 450. TJjere will be elected
The San Francisco Call.
thereafter 162 delegates, from which Mc-
Kinley will recruit a large percentage of
the reserve force. The pleasant feature of
this whole business is the fact that these
delegates already elected in a large part
come from States who will also furnish
electoral votes to the Republican ticket."
IX BItAHI,KT>S STATE.
McKinley Hiving the Krntuchian an Ex
citing Jtace.
FRANKFORT, Ky,, April s.— The strug
gle now on in Kentucky for Republican
Presidential instructions is attracting at
tention, all over the country. Saturday's
conventions resulted in a decided gain for
Governor McKinley. Governor Bradley
has a total of 27^ instructed votes, Gov
ernor McKinley 260, and 136 delegates are
uninstructed. Of the 276 delegates in
structed for Bradley 146 are instructed for
Mi-Kinley for second choice, making the
total McKinley vote on first and second in
structions 403.
Several la*"ge counties hold conventions
to-morrow, among them being those tak
ing in both Louisville and Lexington.
Governor Bradley is in Louisville to-night,
and as Congressman Hunter is also there
the presence of these political gladiators
in tbe same city has given rise tc a report
that Hunter is tryine to patch up a compro
mise with Bradley by agreeing to pull off
the fight for McKinley in Western Ken
tucky if Bradley 's managers will giye
Hunter a clear track for Congress again
this fall. The Bradley managers say that
they win give Hunter no quarter and that
the war of extermination must go on.
X-RAYS IN SURGERY.
Piece of a Needle Extracted Frcm the '
Foot of a Child— Probings Failed
to Locate It.
PITTSBFRG, Pa., April s.— Practical
use of the X-rays in surgery was made this
evening In the Homeopathic Hospital and
was successful in every particular. By
means of a photograph with the rays last
night the exact location of a piece of
needle in the foot of 7-year-old Rachael
Newell of East Liverpool was ascertained,
and in less than a minute after the first
incision the needle was found, placed ex
actly as in the photograph. The opera
tion lasted sixty seconds.
While Kachael was running about a
room five weeks ago her foot struck a
needle and about a quarter of an inch of
the steel ran into the ball of the foot.
Acute irritation set in and the foot swelled
twice its natural size. Frequent probings
were made, but the steel could not be lo
cated.
STRANGE SUICIDE.
An Unknown Man, Pursued for a Theft He Did
Not Commit, Blows Out His
Brains.
CHICAGO, 111., April 5. —An unknown
man committed suicide here this morning
while being pursued by the police for a
theft he did not commit. WhiJc. leaving a
dance at Central Hall P. A. Strand re
ported to two police oilicers that his over
coat had been stolen. A certain man
leaving the hall about the time looking a
little suspicious was followed. As soon as
the suspect found out he was being
watched he ran, with tbe officers at his
heels. Two blocks away he pulled out a
revolver and fired a bullet into his head,
dying instantly.
it has since been learned that the man
did not steal the overcoat, but it is be
lieved the suicide had been planned. The
dead man was well dressed and he was not
a manual laborer. He had cut from his
clothes all names of makers and had not
a paper on his person from which his
identity could be traced.
A PARADISE FOR CROOKS
The Season's Clean-Up of Dia
mond Thieves at Various
Hotels in Florida.
Between $20,000 and $30,000 Worth
cf Jewelry Secured I rcm the
Winter Resorts.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April s.—Dia
mond thieves have been numerous in
Florida this season and have committed
robberies in hotels on the east coast from
St. Augustine to RoyaK Poinciana. It is
reported that the thieves have secured be
tween $20,000 and $30,000 in jewelry.
Among the heaviest losers is Mrs. Henry
Cutting of New York, who is stopping at
Ponce de Leon Hotel, in St. Augustine,
and her loss is estimated at $13,000, con
sisting principally of family jewelry. The
suite ot Mr. and Mrs. Camp at the Royal
Poinciana, Palm Beach, was also entered
and heirlooms of an actual value of $6000
were taken.
The next robbery reported is that of
William Freeborn, a retired merchant, of
Tivoli-on-the-Hudson. He and his daugh
ter have been guests of the Alcazar all
season. Miss Freeborn reports that her
jewelry case has boen robbed and that her
jewels, valued at. $4000, have been taken.
Besides these there have been a number
of smaller thefts, some running as high as
$500, but so far as known none of the
prominent crooks who have been run out
of the resorts in this State in the past few
days have been arrested on the charge of
burglary.
TUGS iAB BARGES WRECKED.
Disaster in the Allegheny River at Tilt*
bury.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April s.— The towboat
Hustler was wrecked and two barges of
coal being towed by the Hustler and
Dauntless were set adrift by 'the outfit,
saddlebagging tbe oecond pier of the
Eleventh-street bridge in \ the Allegheny
River this afternoon. The Dauntless was
damaged somewhat, and the boilers of the
Hustler are about all that remain- of that
boat. Both boats are fully insured. « The
Hustler was valued at $12,000. Captain
William Cowan was badly hurt by being
struck when he cut a taut tow line. Several
men had narrow escapes. v •
One of the coal barges struck a pier of
the Ninth-street bridge and was: sunk,
while the second was picked up farther
down.
Death of a \Fre»eh Painter.
PARIS, Fkaxce, April 5. — Ernest Ange
duez, a well-known French painter, died
in this city to-day. He was born in Paris.
March 8, 1845, and was made an officer of
tUe Legion oi iiouor ia 1889.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 6, 1896.
JMISS LIZZIE MURPHY. MISS NELLIE NORTH. MISS WILHELMINA MURPHY.
CANDIDATES FOR THE CARNIVAL CROWN AT SAN JOSE.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April s.— Balloting for candidates for Queen of the Carnival of Roses, -which begins May 6. is progressing
at a most interesting rate. Favorites in the friendly contest are b<?ing backed by blocks of votes, and it is yet a question as to who
will reign during the four days the fete will last. Many pretty and popular young ladies of San Jose are receiving votes, but it
matters not who is chosen Queen so far as the success of the carnival is concerned, for that is already assured. When counted
last night the vote was as follows: Miss Veva Burrell, 366; Miss Meta Laisy, 325; Miss Lillian Rea of Gilroy, 275; Miss Lottie
Richardson, 256; Miss Lizzie Murphy, 231; Miss Sue January, 226; Miss Helen Ford. 206; Miss Virginia McAren, 199; Miss Sallie
Cox, 194; Miss Grace Ad el, IS4; Mrs. H. A. Pfister, 178; Miss Nettie Sexton, 165; Miss Lottie Upton, 153; Miss Inez Gaskill, 121;
Miss Bertha Warren of Santa Clara, 108; Miss Lessie Rainey, 102; Miss Wilhelmina Murphy, 81; Miss Mamie Sulhyan, 76; Miss
Nellie North, 75; Miss Eva Stinson, 56.
WEDDING OF THE
EX-PRESIDENT.
To -Day General Harrison
and Mrs Dimmick Will
Be United.
QUIET EVENT ARRANGED
Ex-Cabinet Members Who Will
Be Present and Children
Who Will Not.
DETAILS ABE NOT OBTAINABLE
Those in a Position to Know Abso
lutely Refuse to Divulge the
Programme.
NEW YORK, Ni V., April s.—Ex-Presi
dent Harrison spent the most quiet day of
his visit to the metropolis to-day. He re
tired at 9 o'clock this evening, after dining
with his former Attorney-General and law
partner, W. H. H. Miller. It has been a
day of declinations, both by the general
aud his friends, regarding the details of
to-morrow's wedding. General Harrison
declined to say a word about it to the pub
lic. His secretary, Mr. Tibbetts, who is to
be one of the ushers, declined to tell at
what hour the ceremony in St. Thomas
Church is to take place. He also declined
to gave any particulars whatever about
the affair and its participants.
Mrs. Dimmick declined to talk, and her
friend?, Mrs. L. V. ParKer and Mrs. John
A. C. Gray, declined to tell any of the in
teresting things that had come to their
knowledge.
Mr. Harrison arose at 7 o'clock a. m.
and spent some time in looking over his
mail, and it was 9 o'clock when he went
down to breakfast in company with
Colonel Corbin, U. 3. A., who had called,
and Private Secretary Tibbetta. After
breakfast they were joined by Daniel T.
Ransdell, who is to be an usher, a:id the
party talked for some time. General Har
rison wrote a few letters, and at noon was
joined by his former Attorney-General,
with whom Mr. Harrison was alone for
upward of an hour. They then started for
a walk, and passed out at the Twenty
third street door of the hotel to avoid the
reporters who were in the corridors. The
ex-President was recognized by but few
pedestrians, and after strolling up Fifth
avenue a few blocks returned to his hotel
and stayed in his apartments umi! dinner
time.
Every one connected with the church
ceremony declined to-day to state the
exact time at which it is to occur. That is
done to avoid a crowd around St. Thomas',
although Police Inspector Cortlight has
taken special precautions to prevent any
annoyance to the bridal party. It is
known, however, that the ceremony will
take place between 5 and 6 o'clock in the
afternoon, unless another change is made
in the plans.
The ushers, Messrs. Tibbctts and Rans
dell, Mrs. Parker, the wife of Lieutenant
Parker, U. S. N., who is Mrs. Dimmick's
sister, and Mrs. Parker of Washington, the
wife of Major Parker, will accompany Gen
eral Harrison and his bride as far as Phila
delphia in his special car after the wed
ding. A wedding dinner will be served
on the train. Although it was reported
that William C. Whitney had made prep
arations for a wedding dinner at his home
directly after the church ceremony, he re
fused to confirm it and so do the others.
itISTIXGUXSBED GUESTS.
Members of the JCr- President's Cabinet
Who Will Attend.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 5.-Hon.
J. W. Foster, who was President Harri
son's Secretary of State, left Washington
for New York on the midnight train to at
tend the wedding of the ex-President and
Mrs. Dimmick. Senator Elkins, who held
the portfolio of War, went to New York
last night. Senator Proctor, who pre
ceded Elkins in the War office, who is the
only other member of the Cabinet in
Washington, has not yet gone to the
wedding, but may go in the morning if he
feels well enough to make the trip. There
will be present at the wedding besides
those named Messrs. Charles \V. Foster of
the Treasury, Tracy of the Navy and At
torney-General Miller. Mr. Wanamaker
is in Europe.
FAMILY JUS A I»f»JR U TAL.
RuaaeJl llarrinon and Mr*. McKee Will
Aof Jip I'retent.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., April s— Russell
Harrison and Mrs. McKee, the son and
daughter of General Harrison, did not
leave for New York to-day to attend the
wedding of the ex-President and Mrs.
Dimruick to-morrow, and they will not
be present at the ceremony. From the
time that the Harrison-Dimmick engage
ment was iir.st reported it was an open
secret here that the children of the ex-
President were bitterly hostile to a second
marriage. Wi.-en she :came here some
time ago, Mrs. McKee, instead of going to
the residence of her father, which has
always been her stopping place while in
the city, went to the home of her husband,
and the only visits that she has made to
her former home have been for the pur
pose o! removing her personal belongings.
Mrs. McKee will leave for her home in
Boston next Tuesday, and so will not bn
present when her father brings his new
bride to the old home on Delaware street.
THE OI'ELOVSAS IJtOUBLE.
Louisiana's Governor Will Send Militia
to I'rrvent Bloodshed.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April s.—Gov
ernor Foster decided hue last niprht that
he would send a company of militia to St.
Landry Parish to preserve the peace, as he
had been requested to do so by the Sheriff
of the parish and the Mayor of Opelousas.
This morning the Governor ordered
seventy-five men of the Washington Guards
to be got ready. This battery and a Gat
ling gun left by the Southern Pacific at
4:55 p. m. for Lafayette, where a special
train will be in waiting to take them on to
Opelousas.
No further trouble is reported from there,
but it is thought best to send militia to
prevent bloodshed on or about election
day.
BTATE BOUXIrARY DISPUTE.
Temporary I'eaee Between Rival Claitn-
antn in Missouri and Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Neur., April s.— County At
torn v Murphy of Neinahi County, this
State, is in the city conferring with Gov
ernor Holcomb as to the boundary dispute
between Nebraska and Missouri. Mr.
Burnani says a temporary truce lias been
declared between the rival claimants of
the two States for the land and there is no
immediate fear of an outbreak. Governor
Stone of Missouri has written Governor
Holcomb saying he is anxious to co-oper
ate in the courts in arriving at a settle
ment of any dispute that bas arisen or may
arise.
As Nebraska farmers are in possession it
is thought that the initiative must be
taken by the Missouri people who claim
the land in dispute.
PASTOR banker indicted.
Charged With Receiving Deposits After
His Hun It Had Collapsed.
PERRY, O. T.. April s.— Rev. C. L.
Berry, a leading Presbyterian minister of
Oklahoma, was indicted by the Grand
Jury on three counts at Pawnee, thirty
miles east of here, yesterday for receiving
money in his bank when it was in a fail
ing condition. Rev. Mr. Berry's bank
failed four months ago for nearly $50,000,
and when the vault was opened only $5
was found. At that time a mob tried to
lynch him. He has been arrested and
placed under $5000 bonds.
Increased Pay for Mining.
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., April s.— The
miners and mine-workers of the Fair
mount region have received notice that the
rate for mining would be advanced 2%
cents a ton and mine-workers accordingly.
This is equal to an advance of about 8 per
cent.
PitUbura Painters' Strike Settled.
PITTSBUKG, Pa., April s.— The arbi
tration committee of Union No. 6, Pain
ters and Decorators, and the Master Pain
ters' Association, met yesterday and prac
tically settled the painters' strike by agree
ing that the wages are to be $2 75 per day
of nine hourß for on* year.
if led From His Injuries.
AKRON, Ohio, April s.— lra F. Stillson,
th« nephew of Mr. and Mrs. Stone, who
was assaulted when the aged coupie were
murdered one week ago, died to-night
fron\ the effects of his injuries. The mys
tery surrounding the crime is as deep as
ever.
MASSACRED BY
THE MATABELES.
One Hundred Whites Said
to Have Perished Near
Buluwayo.
MANY OTHERS MISSING.
The Settlers on the Transvaal
Border Are Hurrying to
Mafeking.
REFUSE AID FROM THE BOERS.
Curt Reply to an Offer of Assistance
Sent From a Resident of
the Rand.
LONDON, ETC., April s.— The Standard
to-morrow will publish a dispatch from
Buluwayo, furnished to it by a news
a«ency, saying that the Matabeles have
murdered a hundred whites, and that 250
are still missing.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, April 5.—
Frederic* C. &clous, the hunter and ex
plorer, who left Buluwayo with a small
force to escort the mail coach from Mangua
to Buluwayo, has returned safely to the
latter place, which, according to dispatches
received here to-day, is quiet.
An ex-officer in the British army, who
is now a resident of the Rand in the
Transvaal, telegraphed to Buluwayo,
offering his assistance against the Mata
beles. A reply was sent to him, in which
it was said that Buluwayo declined to re
ceive help from Johannesburg.
There is much alarm at Mafeking, on
the Transvaal border, and farmers living
near that place are taking their families
into the town for protection. It is re
ported there that natives in the district
threaten to rise against the authorities in
consequence of the slaughter of their cat
tle to prevent tte spread of the rinder
pest.
JVOT A CVMBIXEIi RAID.
Extent of the Anglo .ltalian Co-operation
in Africa.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 5.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Rome
says :
A high functionary assures me that the
presence of Colonel Slade, the British at
tache, at the operations of the Italian forces
in Abyssinia does not signify any com
bined action on the part of England and
Italy, and that special co-operation is im
possible.
"We shall fight the Dervishes," he re
marked, "only as far as our own interests
demand.
Dervishes Routed by Arabs.
CAIRO, Egypt, April 5.— A dispatch
from Suakim says a body of friendly Arabs
have routed the Dervishes near Abu
Humid, killing several of them.
FORTVSE FOR A STENOGRAPHER.
Pretty Gertrude Hopkins the Heir to
Many Millions,
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April s.— Miss Ger
trude Hopkins, one of the official stenog
raphers in the Common Pleas Court, who
has a surplus of personal beauty, will
shortly have a typewriter for sale cheap,
unless she wants to keep it as a memento
of "former days." Miss Hopkins has dis
covered that she is an heiress to $7,000,000.
Her mother, formerly a Miss Barker, was
born in New York in 1836. Miss Josephine
Barker was the daußhter of James Barker,
who was born in England. The latter was
a fourth son, and as the English law at the
timtj gave all the property to the eldest son,
he came to America. Later the eldest son,
who inherited the property, becoming dis
solute, sold away his life interests.
A change in the English laws turned the
attention of the American Barkers to the
property, and they beean suit to recover
the Jife interest. Solicitors nave been re
tained to look after Miss Hopkins' inter
ests. It is stated that there are very good
prospects of her winning the case. There
are not many claimants, and if the suit is
won Miss Hopkins will be very wealthy.
PROPOSES A BATTLE ROYAL.
Manager Quinn Will Back Peter Maher and
Himself Against Fitzsimmons and
Martin Julian.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April s.— John J
Quinn is incensed because Martin Julian,
said that Qitinn and Maher were parties in
a scheme to block Fitzsiiumons' every
move. Qainn said to-day: "Fitzsimmons
will be in Pittsburg this week. During the
week I intend to test the manhood of him
and his manager. I will agree to charter a
special train and pay half the expenses,
Julian and Fitzsimmons to pay the other
half, and ride outside the State and settle
the personal matters between us. I will
have Maher in hand, and guarantee that
he can whip Fitzsimmons, and I am sure
that I can give Julian a good whipping.
Our party will consist of Maher and myself
and rive friends, and Fitzsimmons and
Julian can bring rive friends with them."
NOT INTENDED AS PROTEST.
An Explanation of the British Expedition
Sent Out to Survey in
Venezuela.
LONDON, Exg., April 5. — A news
agency denies the statement contained in
a recently published dispatch from George
town, Demerara, that a British expedition
had left that place to establish a new sta
tion on the Cuyuni Kiver, west of the
Scliomburg line, to open a new road to the
Yuruan as a protest against a big grant by
the Venezuelan Government to American
capitalists in the gold country at the
mouth of the Orinoco. It expresses the
opinion that the statement contained in
the dispatch referred to originated from
preparations by an English surveying
party for an inspection of the country
between the Purunia and Cuyuni rivers,
to ascertain whether it is possible to build
a road or railway to open up the gold
fields.
BOOTH- TUCK.MSK TALKS.
Asks for the Prayers of Salvation Army
Members*
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April s.—Booth-
Tucker, the new commander of the Salva
tion Army in the United states, made his
debut before a Philadelphia audience to
day. Commander Booth-Tucker addressed
three meetings, two in the afternoon and a
third in the evening in Association Hall.
The meeting in Asnociation Hall was by
far the most in:posing of the day, and was
largely attended. The name of Ballington
Booth was not mentioned by the speaker,
nor was anything said to indicate that the
army under his command would at all
clash with the new movement inaugu
rated by Ballington Booth. The only ref
erence to the existing trouble made by
Booth-Tucker was as follows:
"In regard to the very painful circum
stances that brought us here, I want to say
I want your prayers. My wife wants your
prayers. As for the army, you need not be
anxious. With the help of God we are not
going to suffer materially, but we will
march on. If all the brigadiers, captains
and officers of ihe Salvation Army were to
run away — if I were to ruu awaj* — I feel
that others would rise up and take our
places.' 1
THOUSANDS made HO El. ESS.
lire Destroys Santa Cruz, on the Island
of Luzon.
MADRID, Spaix, April 5.— A dispatch
from Manilla say 3 that the town of Santa
Cruz, on the west coast of the Island of
Luzon. 110 miles north of Manilla, has
been almost completely destroyed by fire.
Four thousand houses were burned and
30,000 persons were rendered homeless.
A MYSTERIOUS VISITOR.
The United States Minister to
Turkey Arrives on a Secret
Mission.
Absolutely Nothing to Say Until He
Has Reported to Secretary
Olney.
NEW YORK, N. V, April s.— Alexander
W. Terrill, United States Minister to Tur
key, was a passenger on the Hamburg-
American line steamer Furst Bismarck,
which arrived to-day from Mediterranean
ports.
Mr. Terrill seemed to be in perfect health
and in perfectly good humor, but to all
questions regarding his mission to this
country he responded with the one
phrase, "I've absolutely nothing to say."
He said he would tell everything to Secre
tary Olney, whom he intends to meet in
Washington to-morrow.
He was asked about the state of political
affairs at Constantinople, the Armenian
question and the doings of Miss Clara Bar
ton, who departed some time ago on her
mission of charity to those who are said to
be the victims of cruelty at the hands of
the Kurds and Turks, but he turned a deaf
ear to all interrogations. He mechanically
repeated that there was nothing to be given
out.
Mr. Terrell, it was said, would visit his
ranch in Texas immediately after finishing
the preliminaries of his mission to Wash
ington.
bPRISG FACTO It r BZXXEIK
The Building Was Supposed to Be Fire
-I'roof — Sorrow) Escape*. .:'
WORCESTER, ; Mass., April 5. — The
spring factory of the Quinsigmond Works
of the. Washburn & Moen : Manufacturing
Company was burned this morning. The
loss is $175,000, covered by. insurance. The
fire originated in an old pipe connected with
one of the furnaces in r the mill which was
being repaired by two men. The pipe
contained oil, and - the building was so
saturated with it that the men had barely
time to escape. : This was the only build
ing in the entire Wasbburn & Moen plant
which* was considered tire-proof.
Deadly Fight Between Koughi.
CHICAGO, 111., April s.— As a result of
a fight between roughs on the West Side
to-night, Thomas Monohan is in the
morgue and ttobert Ramsey at the county
hospital with severai bullets in his legs
and arms. The right was started by a
dispute in a game of ball. A man named
Andrews did the shooting, and after kill
ing Monohan and wounding Ramsey ran
way and escaped. The balance of the
aall-players were locked up.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEATH VALLEY'S
HIDDEN TREASURE
A Fabled El Dorado Sought
in Vain by Fortune-
Hunters.
MANY NEVER RETURN.
Ledges Rich in Yellow Metal
That Are Seldom Found the
Second Time.
FATE OF A FKESNO MINER.
Started for the Barren Tract Months
Ago and Has Not Since Been
Heard From.
FRESNO, Cal., April s.— Another life
has been sacrificed to the determination
among miners and prospectors to unearth
the hidden treasures of Death Valley. The
latest supposed victim known to people of
this community is D. K. Roberts. About
a year ago Roberts made a perilous trip
across the Sieira Nevada Mountains from
Inyo to this county. Some time after that
he returned to Inyo County, and when last
heard from was about to start on a pros
pecting tour into Death Valley. From
that day until the present no trace of him
has been found, and it is feared that he
perished in the desert. Hia sister and
brother-in-law, Mr . and Mrs. Ebrenburg
of San Francisco, are here trying to find
some trace of him, but so far they have
been unsuccessful.
Kxpeditions to seek for the fabled riches
of Death Valley start out annually. This
great expanse of arid land, lying in the
Panamint Mountains in the southeastern
part of Inyo County, is about 400 feet be
low sea level, and, except for a few sources
of springs along its mountain sides, is
entirely destitute of vegetation or water.
The heat, except in winter, is a constant
menace to life. Traditions, many of them
of Indian origin, are constantly being
repeated under new conditions and in
vested with new interest. Prospectors
often return from this valley with samples
of ore rich in gold and this inspires others
to join in a search for these ledges.
Singular as it may seem, these ledges
are seldom ever found the second time.
Parties thus baffled often become wander
ers, going from point to point without any
fixed purpose in view. Water and food
give out. and the teams either die or re
fuse to be urged forward. The fortune
hunters then wander on a-foot until death
closes the scene. Other miners and pros
pectors hear of the lost El Dorado, and,
notwithstanding that they may ba ap
prised of the fate of the previous expedi
tion, go forth the next year in the hope
of gain. Roberts, it is thought, joined
one of these parties, no member of which
has returned to tell the fate of his com
rades.
THE VESEZ UEIj A JV" Q UES TTOX.
Solution of the Trouble Satisfactory to
All In Looked- For.
LONDON, Ekg., April s.— The Chronicle
will say to-morrow that the negotiations
between Great Britain and the United
States concerning Venezuela are proceed
ing and that a solution of the trouble sat
isfactory to all all is counted on with con
fidence.
The Times has received a publication
dated Atlanta, Ga., the cover of which
bears the embossed stamp of th« Vene
zuelan legation at Washington. It is en
titled "Official history of the discussion
between Great Britain and Venezuela on
the Guiana boundary." The documents
contained in the publication date from
1822. Commenting upon the work, the
Times says that all the documents are pub
lished in the British bluebook except two
from Venezuelan representatives to the
State Department at Washington. These
the Times prints. The first is from Senor
Lobo, dated October 2tf, 1893, and the sec
ond from Senor Andrade, dated March 31,
1894.
Your
Health for the whole of the coming season
may depend upon purifying, your blood
now. During the winter months impuri-
ties have accumulated in the blood and it
has become impoverished and depleted.
In this condition you will be an easy prey
;to disease. A good
Medicine is needed by nearly every or.
and the best spring medicine is the best
blood purifier. ' Thousands of' wonderful
cures of blood diseases, and the enormous
demand for Hood's Sarsaparilla, almost to
the exclusion of all other preparations,
prove Hood's Sarsparilla to be the best
Medicine
That you can take at this season. Hood's
Sarsaparilla purifies, enriches and vital-
izes the blood. ;It creates an appetite,
cures that tired ; feeling and drives out all
those impurities in the blood which man-
ifest ; themselves at this season in boils,
pimples and other eruptions. Remember
S I \Jf V 9
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. AUdruggiita. 91
Be sure to get Hood's and only HOOD'S.
HrtnVl'a Pi lie are the only P llls to taka
nOOU S flllS with Hood's SarstjarlU*2
GOSSIP FROM THE
GERMAN CAPITAL.
Emperor William Is About
to Leave Sicily for
Venice.
WILL CALL ON HUMBERT
Significance of the Increased
Popular Warmth Toward
Prince Bismarck.
HE MAY AGAIS TAKE THE HELM
The Chaotic State cf European Affairs
Seems to Render Such a Step
Imperative.
BERLIN. Geemaw, April s.— Advices
received here from Palermo say that the
Eoiourn in Sici'y of the German imperial
party is concluded and that the imperial
yscbt Hohenzoilern. with the En.peror
and Empress, Urn Crown Prince and Prince
Eitol Frederick and their respective suites
and attendants on board, will sail through
the Straits of Mes?ina ar.d up the Adriatic,
the voyage being timed so that the party
v- reach Venice on April 10.
The weather during their stay has been
pleasant. The party has visited several
points of interest in the interior, the Em
peror and Empress observing a quasi in
cognito. The imperial party have not
been troubled with the curiosity of the
public, nor have they been annoyed with
over-attention on the part of the authori
ties.
The Emperor telegraphed to Prince
Henry of Prussia at Rome on r"riday re
questing him to convey to King Humbert
an expression of the delight experienced
by the Kai«er throughout his tour.
Accordingly, Pr.r.:e Henry and his wife,
Princess Irene of Hesse, went to the Quir
inal and delivered the Emperor's message.
They were cordially received by the King
and l^ueen Margherita, their reception
lasting an hour.
Trie Emperor will drop his incognito
upon reaching Venice, where he will be
received by the municipal authorities, the
Prince of Napier, representing the King,
the Dnka of Sermonita, the Italian Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs and Count Lansa di
Busca. the Italian Minister to Germany,
the latter of whom left Berlin on Thurs
day for the purpose of assisting at the in
terview which will take place between
King Humbert and the Kaiser.
The Kaiser and Kaiserin duly observed
Easter week on board the Hohenzollern.
The imperial pair went to communion on
Thursday. Dr. Drysander, the court
chaplain, conducted the services, which
were also attended by all of the officers
and most of the crew of the yacht.
The younger children of the imperial
fami:y, who remained in Beriin, received
a special donation of Easter presents to
help compensate them for their disap
pointment in having been left behind by
their eider brothers. The younger boys
have been treated to special exhibitions
and taken to see other sights during the
absence of their parents and two elder
brothers.
The Empress will return home after the
party have concluded their visit to Vienna,
taking the Crown Prince and Prince Eitel
Frederict with her in order that they may
begin their studies in the Pioen College.
It has been a seriously considered subject
who should be selected to share the studies
of the young princes, and is the group se
lected is now constituted it includes the
eons of Counts Hochberg and Schulen
burg, the son of an officer in the army
and three sons of merchants, representa
tives of the nobiliiy and burgherdom being
thus comprised in the set of students with
whom tee imperial princes will be asso
ciated.
The representative of the United Press,
while at Friedrichsruhe on April 1 on the
occasion of the birthday of Prince Bis
marcK, had a prolonged conversation with
the celebrated German artist, Franz Len
bach, who is one of Prince Bismarck's old
est and most trusted friends. Herr Len
bach showed the correspondent his latest
oil painting of Prince Bismarck. It is a
fine work, the eye having a speaking ex
pression that is marvelous. He also ex
hibited the last portrait, which he painted
from life, of the o.d Kaiser Wilheim I.
Tne picture is now hanging in tne smok
ing-room at Friedrichsruhe and is so
placed that Prince Bismarck, sitting in his
easy-chair with his accustomed long
stemmed pipe, can obtain the best possible
view of the features of his old master.
Prince Bismarck passes much of his time
daily in this room.
The guests who visited the ex-Chancel
lor on the occasion of his birthday con
curred in the opinion that the Kaiser's
present to the Prince— a photograph of
the imperial group, encased in a bronze
frame, the whole being about a foot long —
cipnified almost anything that tne observer
cf the gift might surmise, but really gave
no indication of the Kaisers feelings. It
was remarked that the features of the
notable persons viewing the photograph
made rapid changes from cold to warmth
and vice versa. Count yon Waldersee,
after meeting the Prince, expressed his
pleasure at seeing the ex-Chancellor so
strong and bright.
The semi-official press are conjecturing
that the Emperor is again warming toward
Prince Bismarck and are accordingly re
curring to praises of the Prince's genius
and services to the empire.
The Cologne Gazette, which recently
published an article referring to the piti
ful sight of tbe decayed Chancellor stumb
ling, full of complaints, behind the state
chariot, now declares that the period of
antagonism toward him is over and that
calumny bas been silenced. "His worst
enemies,'' the Gazette continues, "are
ready to admit the grandeur of this co
lossal historic figure and the heart of the
whole of Germany yearns toward him."
The newspapers do not accept any criti
cism of the Prince dealing with the ox-
Chancellor as belonging to past history,
and bolde that it is probable tnat he will
still be called npon to guide the state
through a crisis.
The Berlin Neuste Nachricbten asserts
that the discontent at Prince Bismarck's
dismissal from the public service remains
as great to-day as it was in 1890.
The noted German explorer, Eueene B,
Wolff, in conversation with the United
Press correspondent at Friedrichsruhe on
Prince Bismarck's birthday, declared that
i the day was coming when confusion and
\ entanglement would reach such a pass
! that the Emperor would be unable to help >
himself except by calling Prince Bismarck
to the Chancellorship. It would be a bad
day for Germany, he said, if the Prince is
not alive to avert a catastrophe.
Herr Wolff expresses the opinion that
England will prevent both Germany and
France from making any further exten
sion of their influence in Africa.
The trial of Baron yon Hammerstein,
the former Conservative leader and editor
j in-chief of the KreuzZeitung. upon charges
of forgery and embezzlement, will begin
on April 15.
While Hammerstein was a fugitive and
since his apprehension by a German police
commissary at Athens and his arrival here i
! and subsequent incarceration, the Con- ;
servative press has had as little to say of
him or his case as possible; but their cur- ;
rent remarks, in view of the nearness of
i his trial, suggest that the line of defense
adopted by the Conservative party leaders
in their toleration of Hammerstein as an
active member of the Conservative com
mittee long after his criminal practices had
been discovered, is 6imply that of throw
ing ail the blame upon Dr. Stoecker,
formerly court chaplain, and shielding
Hammerstein.
It is doubtful whether this defense will
stand. Dr. Stoecker has declared his ability
to prove that the other members of the
committee had the same information as
that possessed by himself as to what extent
Hammerstein was involved. If the trial is
strictly limited to proof of the charges o f
foreery and embezzlement, however, the
committee may be able to establish the dis
closures which another in line of procedure
would bring out.
The Miiitar Wochenbiatt and the Kreuz
' Zeitung publish articles commenting upon
j the influence of dueling in Germany, both
\ journals deploring and condemning the
■ practice. The Miiitar Wochenbiatt holds
that even the custom of dueling in the
army ought to be checked, declaring that
no duel is justifiable except when it is im
! possible to settle the differences between
j the principals through a court of honor.
The report that England is mating prep
■ arations to re-eniorce the British troops in
I South Africa is awakening the gravest
i fears of South African complications.
Even the Vorwaerts, the principal socialist
organ, warns Mr. Chamberlain, the British
j Colonial Secretary, not to meddle further
in the Transvaal, declaring that England
has too many difficulties on her hands
already to justify her in increasing them.
The German Admiralty Department has
ordered the construction of a torpedo de
stroyer of the latest design and embodying
all of the latest improvements from the
English shipyard of J. I. Thornycroft &.
Co., at Chiswick.
A syndicate of Pennsylvania coal-owners
have made a successful experiment of
shipping coal to Germany and will now
arrange to send over a large and regular
supply.
The American horseman, "Texas"
George Jack, has been arrested here on the
charge of stealing a gold watch from one
of bis American associates.
Dr. Koch, governor of the Bank of the
Empire, has resigned his membership in
the Economic Union of the Oberhaua
owing to the character of the attack made
by the bimetallic leader, Dr. Arendt, in a
pamphlet recently issued by the latter.
Dr. Koch characterized Dr. Arendt as a
lampooner, whereupon Count yon Mir
bach, the bimetallist leader in the Reich
stag, retorted that Dr. Arendt was of as
good quality at least as Dr. Koch. The
latter thereupon informed his colleagues
of his severance from the Economic Union.
United States Embassador Edv.in F. Uhl
has been una Die to obtain a lease of the
residence formerly occupied by the late
Theodore Runyon, Mr. Uhl's predecessor,
the house having already been taKen. Mrs.
Runyon, with her younger daughters, is
now making her home with Her married
daughter, Mrs. Haskins.
A STRIKE MAY RESULT
The Reinstatement of Discharged
Streetcar Employes Is
Demanded.
Both Sides Stubborn— Central Labor
Union Leaders Advise the Men
to Go Slow.
NEW YORK, fr. V., April 5. — The
danger of a strike on the street railway
lines of ihis ciiy which are owned by the
Metropolitan Street Bailwav Company be
cause of the discharge of nine eripmen and
a conductor was by no means lessened
to-day. The railway employes persist in
the assertion that the men were dis
charged because of their activity
in the affairs of the local
branch of the Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employes of America,
notwithstanding "that the Metropolitan
Company's officials state that the reason
for dismissing the gripmen a.nd conductors
was that they had disobeyed the rule pro
hibiting them from eterfng a saloon dur
ing working hours.
There was some very determined talk in
and around Clarendon Hall this evening
by the employees of the railway company,
and it was declared tnat unless the dis
charged men were reinstated there would
certainly be a strike.
At the meeting of the Central Labor
Union in Clarendon Hall this afternoon,
a delegation, consisting of one employe
from each of the roads of the Metropolitan
system, was present, and asked the privi
lege of the floor. 1 his was accorded in
executive session. The spokesman stated
the grievance and asked for sympathy and
advice.
The reporters were informed after the
meeting that speakers of the Central
Labor Union had counseled the railway
men to move very slow, and had very de
cidedly thrown cold water upon the eager
ness of many of them to strike. William
D. Mahon, president of the National Asso
ciation, is expected to arrive to-morrow
from Detroit.
It was rumored this afternoon that the
officials of the Metropolitan Company had
signified their willingness to reinstate four
of the men discharged, but it was statea
that it was not likely tbe members of the
local union would be satisfied with that.
CATTLE QUARAXTIME.
The Governor of Jtebratka Take* Pre»
caution* Against Texa* J-'ev-r.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April s.— Governor
Hoicomb has issued the annual quaran
tine proclamation again3t the importation
of cattle from certain districts on account
of Texas fever and it goes into effect to
morrow.
The proclamation forbids the importa
tion of cattle from the quarantined area
except under certain rules regulating ship
ment, which are known to shippers and
railway officials. This year the quaran
tined district is enlarged by the removal
of the boundary line northward so as to
take in a larger portion of California and
; all of Virginia and North Carolina. All of
Tennessee is placed outside the quaran
j tined area, whereas a iarge part of the
southwest part of the State wa3 quaran
tined last year. A small part of the soutn
! east corner of Kansas and one or two
■ adjoiiiiug counties in Missouri are no
[ longer in the quarantined area.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
SAYS SPAIN IS
IN THE RIGHT
Views of Huntington's Son
on the Belligerency
Question.
UNCLE SAM IN ERROR,
Has No Right to Interfere in
Affairs on the Little
Island.
GENERAL GARCIA HEARD FROM.
Reports the Success of the Bermuda
Expsditicn and a Victory at
Fiaar del Rio.
NEW YOKK, K. V., April 5.— A special
cable to the Herald from Madrid says:
Archer M. Huntington, son of C. P. Hunt
iogton, on being interviewed today, said:
"I am positive in my belief that Spain is
right and that her coarse is perfectly
justifiable in the Cuban affair. In case of
war my sympathies would be with my
native Jand, yet I earnestly believe the
United States is entirely wrong.
"Our interference in the Cuban rebellion
is exactly parallel with the interference of
England m our civil war. A Cuban re
public is an impossibility. Toe best class
of citizens are Spaniards, and the natives
could never govern themselves."
"What do you think would be the result
of a war?"
"The United States would win ulti
mately, but Spain would make a good
fi>ht. I don't think Americans have a
right to discuss even the advisability of
annexing Cuba at present."
ZAXItJ>G Of TB.E. BERMVDA.
Desperate Battle Fought to Prevent Span
ish Interference.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 5.-A cipher
| dispatch was received to-day by Meyer
j Stern of 262 "West One Hundred and
> Twenty-third street, private secretary of
| General Calixto Garcia, a duplicate of
! which was sent to Mrs. Garcia at her resi
i dence, 256 West One Hundred and Twenty
j ninth street, giving a detailed account
jof the Bermuda expedition 'to Cuba,
|of which General Garcia had charge,
; and of an important battle which took
j place in Pinar del Rio, which was disas
| trous to the Spaniards, and which was
I fought for the purpose of permitting the
; Bermuda to land her small arms and am-
I munition. The Spaniards lost 800 men.
Despite the fact that the Spaniards have
! denied that the Bermuda had landed the
j cable reads as follows:
"The Bermuda landed the heavy part of
her cargo at Mariel Bay, which ia the nar
rowest part of the island of Cuba, thirty
miles from Havana. One quarter of the
men, of whom there were 109, landed at
Bahia Honda. Garcia then consulted with
Maceo, and they engaged the Spanish
troops in Pinar del Rio.
"The Bermuda's commander wanted to
land the big suns on the eastern part of
the island, but went west for two reasons —
first because the shailow water east would
not permit the landing of the big guns
while she had the whole cargo, ana second
because they wanted to divert the atten-
tion of the Spaniards so that they would
not watch ti.e eastern coasts.
"The battle was fought to prevent detach
ments of Spanish troops from marching to
the coast, as they had been ordered. Gar
cia has gone to Santiago de Cuba to or
ganize his army. He started with only
500 men, but at the time this cable leaves
he has 5000 volunteers.
"Carlos Garcia, the general's son, distin
guished himself at the battle of Pinar del
Rio. On our way to Cuba we saw very dis
tinctly the smoke of the Spanish cruiser
which followed us from New York."
CHJEEJt FOH fHEE CUBA.
Patriots Invite an Onslaught Front a
Barcelona Mob.
BARCELONA, Spais, April s.— During
the performance of a patriotic play at the
Novedades Theater to-day the audience
cheered for Spain and Spanish • Cuba.
Some voices answered the cheers with
cries of "Death to Spain!"; '' Long live free
Cuba!"
These treasonable shouts excited the
wildest indignation among the loyalists,
and It probably would have gone hard
with the shouters had they been caugnt by
the people. In the tnmult, however, they
all escaped bnt two, who were arrested by
the police. One of the prisoners is a Cuban
and the other is believed to be an anar
chist. The police had hard work to de
fend the two men from the fury of the
crowd.
RACING STABLE BURNED
Twenty Valuable Horses Perish
in a Conflagration at
Buffalo.
Ellen S, General Ewell and Bine Bird
Included in the List of Ani
mals Cremated.
BUFFALO. N. V., April 5. -A fire at the
Driving Park Jast night destroyed the
stables leased by Alonzo McDonald, the
well-known trainer, and nearly a score of
valuable horses were burned to death.
The fire was caused by the explosion of
an oil stove in one of the cleaner's rooms.
There were thirty trorses in McDonald's
string, most of which arrived here last
Thursday.
The most valuable horses burned were:
Ellen S., 2:11%; General Eweli, 2:15^;
Eddie Wilkes, 2:27J^; Jim Harris, 2:14^;
Blue Bird, 3-year-old gelding; Fonso Bell,
4- year-old gelding. Red Gothard and Misß
Charmer, 2 :29}£. Eilen S was valued at
$10,000.
The total loss exceeds $75,000.
TEMBERASCB WOMEN PROTEST.
Will Investigate the Removal of Governor
Hughe* of Arizona.
CHICAGO, 111., April 5.— A telegram
was received yesterday \by the officers of
the W. C. T. U. from Frances Willard, now
in New York City, Instructing the ? local
officers to investigate toe cause of removal
i from office of Governor Hughes of Arizona |
and the substitution of B. J. Fran Klin as
his successor. Miss Wilia^d and other offi
cers of the National W. C. T. U. are warm
admirers of the deposed Governor, because
of his pronounced stand in the cause of
temperance and tbe freat interest he takes
in measures of reform generally.
When asked what course they intended
to pursue in the matter an officer of the
society said:
"According to instructions from Miss
Willard the National officers of the W. C.
T. U. will wire the Interior Department
asking for full information as to the cause
of the removal, as well as asking that a
full investigation in the case be made. We
will also notify the presidents of the vari
ous State W. C. T. U. organizations to
communicate with their Congressmen,
asking them to give the matter their atten
tion as well as a thorough investigation.
If there be no good cause shown for re
moval we shall do our utmost to have the
deposed Governor returned to his office.
Such^ stanch advocates of temperance
should not be cast aside idly. Minnesota
has already taken action and "Illinois lowa,
New York, Massachusetts and Pennsyl
vania will do the same."
BATt LABOR SQCABBLE.
Factional Fights Threaten the JHsrup
tton of a Model Union.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 5. - The op
ponents of Simon Burns, president of the
Window-glass Workers' Association, who
-was restored to his position Saturday by
order of Judge White, intend to renew
their fight against him this week. The
matter will be placed within the jurisdic
tion of the Assembly Court. The case
seems almost certain to destroy the as
sociation, which has been a model for ail
trades unions in its uniform success. The
Pittsburg members are determined to
show that Burns is incompetent, as
charged in the specifications, and that his
official acts have been opposed to the good
of the organisation. If they are defeated
in the fig >t they will quietly withdraw,
which will mark'the becinning of the end.
The association was made and fostered by
Pittsburg member?, and some of the
leaders assert that they will refuse to re
main if Burns is retained at the head.
A SUBSTITUTE FOR WAR
American, Irish and English Car
dinals Suggest a Plan
for Peace.
Invite Co-Operation in the Establish
ment of a Permanent Tribu-
nal of Arbitration.
BALTIMORE. Ma, April 5.-His Emi
nence Cardinal Gibbons haa given to the
United Press an appeal, signed by the
American, Irish and English Cardinals, in
behalf of a permanent tribunal of arbitra
tion, with the view of creating new guar
antees for peace throughout the world as a
substitute for war. The appeal is the re
sult of a joint conference in which Cardi
nal Gibbons, Cardinal Logue and Cardinal
Vaughan have for some time been en
gaged. The conclusions arrived at by
their Eminences are as follows:
We, the undersigned Cardinals, representa
tives of the Prince of Peace and of the Catholic
church in our respective countries, invite all
who hear our voice to co-operate in the forma
tion of a public opinion which shall demand
the establishment of a permanent tribunal of
arbitration as a rational (substitute among the
English-speaking races for a resort to the
bloody arbitrament war.
We are well aware* that such a project is beset
with practical difficulties. We believe that
they will not prove to be insuperable if the de
sire to overcome them be genuine and general.
Such a court existed for centuries when the na
tions of Christendom were united in one faith.
And have we not seen nations appeal to that
same court for its judgment iv our own day?
The establishment of a permanent tribunal,
composed may be of trusted representatives of
each sovereign nation, with power to nomin
ate judges and umpires according to the na
ture of the differences that arise, and common
acceptance of general principles denning and
limiting the jurisdiction and subject-matter of
such a tribunal, would create pruaranlees
for peace that could not fail to influence the
whole of Christendom.
Such an international court of arbitration
would form a second line of defense, to be
called into requisition only after the ordinary
results of diplomacy had been exhausted. It
would at least postpone the outbreak of hos
tilities until reason and common sense nad
formally pronounced their last word. Tfiis is
a matter of which the constitution and pro
cedure must be settled by Governments; but
as Governments are becoming more and more
identified with the aspirations and molded by
the desires of the people, an appeal iv the first
instance must be addressed to the people.
We do not hesitate on our part to lift up our
united voice and proclaim to all who axe ac
customed to hearken to our counsels that it is
a sign of a divine influence at work in their
midst when -'Nation shall not lift up sword
against nation, neither shall they be exercised
any more in war" (Isaiah ii:4). Forit was writ
ten of a future time, "Come ye and behold the
work of the Lord, what wonders he hath done
upon the earth, making ware to cease even
to the end of the earth" (Psalms iv: 49).
Others may base their appeal upon motives
which touch your worldly interests, your pros
perity, your world-wide influence and" authority
in the affairs of men. The Catholic church
recognizes the legitimate force of such motives
in the natural order and blesses whatever tends
to the real progress and elevation of the race.
But our main ground of appeal rests upon the
well-known character and will of the Prince of
Peace, thf; living founder, the divine head of
Christendom. It was he, who declared that
love for the brotherhood is a second corumand
:uent like unto the first. It was he who an
nounced to the people the praise and reward of
those who seek after peace and pursue it.
"Blessed," said he, "are the peacemakers, for
they shall be called the children of God
Matt, v, 9.)
We therefore earnestly Invite all to unite
with us in pressing their convictions and de
sires upon their respective Governments by
means of petitions and such other measures as
are constitutional.
James Cardinal Gibbons.
Archbishop of Baltimore.
Michael Cardinal Logue,
Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of all Ireland.
Herbert Cardinal Vaughan,
Archbishop of Westminster.
LOS BOX l-KEHS COMMEXTS.
The >'ews Indorse* the Plan, but the
Standard 1* Skeptical.
LONDON, Ekg., April s.— The News will
to-morrow say that the appeal issued by
Cardinals Vaughan, Logue and Gibbons in
behalf of the establishment of a perma
nent tribunal of arbitration is most desir
able to winning the cause.
The Standard in its issue to-morrow will
describe the Cardinals' appeal as a curious
document, saying that in the present state
of puolic opinion in Europe and the world
generally the plan is a Utopian dream.
Moreover, it is doubtful if any such plan
set afoot by the Church of Rome would
have a chance of success in Great Britain.
THE OLYMPIAN ' GAMES.
Unveiling of a Statue an a I'reliminary.
Heavy Saint.
ATHENS, Greece, April s.— The Duke
of Sparta, the Crown Prince, today un
veiled a statue of M. Gaveroff, the mer
chant who gave 1,000 drachmas for the
restoration of the stadion, in which will
be held the 776 th Olympiad, the revival of
the classic Olympic festival that was estab
lished 1,500 years ago by Emperor Theo
dosius. A lar^e crowd was present. The
greatest interest is displayed in the games
and a large number of visitors are in the
city and others are arriving by every train
and steamer. It is doubtful whether the
opening tjames will be held to-morrow, the
date fixed, owing to heavy rama, which
have placed the srounds in bad condition.
Aahtroft Xohlr Dead.
LONDON, Eno., April s.— Ashcroft No
ble, a journalist, died in London to-day.
CARLISLE NOT
A CANDIDATE
Writes a Letter Declining
to Permit His Name
to Be Used.
HIS DUTY MADE PLAIN.
Believes His Party. Should Not
Be Embarrassed by Strife
of Candidates.
SEEKS ONLY ITS APPROVAL.
Would Regard an Indorsement of His
Financial Policy as Ample
Reward.
WASHINGTON", D. C, April s—Secre
tary Carlisle this evening gave out the fol
lowing letter to Chairman Long of th»
Democratic State Central Committee of
Kentucky declining to enter the contest
for the nomination for the Presidency :
Tbeaftey Department, \
Office of the Secretary.
Washington, April 4, 1896.)
Charles R. Long, Enq., Chairman Democratic
State Central Committee, Ijouitville. Kg.— Mr
Dear Sip. : Your favor of March 30, in which
you say in substance that many of my friends
in Kentucky and elsewhere desire me to be
come a candidate before tne approaching Na
tional Democratic Convention for nomination
for the office of President a«d requesting me to
give "some authoritative or definite expres
sion" upon thisquestion was duly received and
has been maturely considered.
Meny communications upon the same sub
ject and of similar import have been received
from friends in different parts of the country,
and, while very grateful for these numerous
expressions of confidence and esteem upon the
part of my Democratic fellow-citizons, I have
not been able to reach the conclusion that the
existing conditions require me to comply with
their requests by authorizing them to an
nounce me as a candidate for the Presidential
nomination. While I feel a profound interest
in the welfare of my party, I am much more
concerned about its declaration of principles
than in its selection of candidates, because, in
my opinion, its failure or success at the elec
tion, as well as its capacity for useful service
to the country in the future, depend
upon the position it takes or omits to
take upon the public questions now engaeing
the attention of the people, and especially the
questions affecting the monetary system of the
country and the character and amount of tax
ation to be imposed upon our citizens. Its
position upon these and other subjects having
been aersed npon and clearly and distinctly
announced, the convention ought to have no
difficulty in selecting an acceptable candidate
who will fairly represent its views; and in
order that its deliberations may be embar
rassed as little as possible by the contentions
of rival aspirants and their friends, I think
my duty to the party will be best performed
by declining to participate in a contest for the
nomination.
The obligations assumed when I accepted
my present official position require me to de
vote my entire time and attention to the pnb
j lie interests committed to my charge, and I
I shall have to continue my discbarge of duty
as imposed upon me to the best of my ability
and in such manner as will, in my judgment,
most certainly promote the true interests of
the country; and, If in the opinion of my
fellow-Democrats in Kentucky my services
I entitle me to their commendation and ap
j proval, I would regard their indorsement of
| my publicc ourse as an ample reward for the
! little I have been able to acnieve in behalf of
| honest administration and a sound financial
policy.
With many thanks for your kind letter, I
am, very truly yours. J. G. Cabliele.
BUSY WEEK IN CONGRESS
Morgan Will Address the Senate
in Favor of His Pacific
Railroads Bill.
Appropriation Bills to Have Pre
cedence — Peffer Will Inquire Into
the Bond Sales.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April s.—Ap
propriation bills will take precedence in
the Senate this week, the postoffice bill
now under consideration possibly requir
ing two more days before it can be passed,
and the Indian and naval bills will follow.
Morgan has given notice that he will
take the floor on Tuesday to address the
Senate in favor of his Pacific railroads bill,
which gives the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia jurisdiction in all
foreclosure suits and similar suits that
may be brought in connection with these
roads.
Peffer will endeavor to press bis motion
for an investigation of the bond sales, but
will not stand in the way of the appropri
ation bills.
Meanwhile the Dupont case is still be
fore the Senate, and speeches are yet to be
delivered by Senators Gray, Brown, Chand
ler, Yilas, Palmer and Burrows.
Frye has given notice that he will call
up the extermination of the fur seals bill.
Senators Mantle and Teller desire to de
fend their course in preventing the taking
up of the tariff bill.
The proposed treaty with Great Britain
for the appointment of a commission for
the consideration of damages growing out
of the seizure of Canadian sealing vessels
still remains to be finally acted upon in
executive session, the State Department
urging the Senate to abandon its intention
of amending the text of the convention as
submitted.
A vote upon the adoption of the Senate
resolutions relating to Cuba will be the
first item of busines* in the House this
week under the agreement entered into
Saturday by which the sessions ol that
day were given to debate on that subject.
The vote is to be taken immediately after
the reading of the journal to-niorrow.
There is no reason to doubt that the reso
lution will be agreed to by a large ma
jority, although the vote of Friday devel
oped an unsuspected amount of opposition
to any declaration on the subject by Con
gress, and the antagonists of the confer
ence report assert that the vote against its
adoption will be largely increased*} /er the
vote cast again>t the resolutions originally
passed by the House.
The Cuban matter out of the way,
Hooker, chairman of the Committee on
Rivers and Harbors, will make an effort
( to-morrow being suspension day under the
rules) to take up the appropriation bill re
ported by him on Friday, and proceed
with its consideration under nuspenslon of
the rules. It is not the intention, it is ex
plained, to ask the Houso to finally dis
pose of it within tbe limited time allowed
for discussion of a bill so taken up, but to
give a reasonable time for its considera
tion. Tbe determination of this period of
"reasonable time" will necessarily be the
subject of a unanimous agreement, so that
it ia impossible to forecast now what it
will be.
Payne, chairman of the Committee on
Merchant Marine and Fisheries, will a«k
consideration of the bill reported from hi»
committee to abolish the compulsory pilot
age system when the river and harbor bill
has been disposed of, and these measure*,
together witn miscellaneous business com
ing up from day to day, it is expected, will
occupy the time and attention of the
House until the fortincations bill be re
ported to the House. It was stated Friday
that this would be ready the latter part of
the week and the Appropriation Commit
tee desires that it saall be placed upon its
passage as soon as copies of the bill and
report have been printed.
JL GOOD STOBI SPOILED.
Sensational yetctpayr Enterprise That
Urstrved a Better Fate.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 5.— A sen
sational New Yorfc paper published this
morning, under a Philadelphia date line,
what it alleged to be a confession of :he
notorious murder, H. H. Holmes. The
story was a good one, and was told with
an attention to detail that was worthy of
Conan Doyle. In the story Holmes is
pictured as confessing to the murder of
twenty people, and the manner of these
victims' deaths is almost circumstantially
given.
The "confession" lacks one essential
qualification — it is untrue. About the
only foundation it has, in fact, is that
about a week ago one of the young women
who are employed upon the reportorial
staff of this paper came to Philadelphia
and vainly attempted to see Holmes.
Samuel P. Rotan, Holmes' counsel;
Father Daly of the Church of the Annun
ciation, Holmes' spiritual adviser, and
Superintendent Perkins of the county
prison all deny that there is a word of
truth in the alleged confession. No one
could obtain admittance to the county
prison without the knowledge of Mr. Per
kins, and Holmes receives and sends no
mail that is not first seen by the prisou
authorities.
KILLED IN A PRIZERING
Amateur Boxers Fight for a
$20 Stake and One Receives
a Fatal Blow.
He Is Struck Up:n the Jaw by Chance
and Death Results Soon
Afterward.
HAVERHILL, Mass., April s.— As the
result of a prizefight at Lawrence last
evening, Richard Ingram of this city lies
dead at Weaver's undertaking rooms here.
Arthur Bradley aud Ingram worked at
Chick Brothers' shoe factory and boarded
together on River street. According to
Bradiey's story, Ingram had been boasting
of his superiority with boxing gloves, and
in order to settle tbe question a fight was
arranged for last evening, the prize money
being $10 a side. They, with friends, went
to South Lawrence, wnere the fight came
off in a barn.
T&e risht lasted thirty minutes when, it
is said, Bradley gave his opponent a
chance blow on the vein under the right
jaw, which laid him on the floor. Up to
that time Bradley bad had the worst of
the fight. Ingram recovered conscious
ness fora minute and said :
"Hold on! What are you doing that
for?"
These were his last words. He relapsed
into unconsciou?ness, in wbich condition
he was brought to the house of his brother
where he died two hours later. The police
ai rested Bradley, Duncan Mcßae. Thomas
Gibney. Fred Whittier and Archibald
Mclntosh. This afternoon James A.
Packer, Frank Donover and Ralph Me
serve gave themselves up, as they were
present at the fighu Later the men, with
the exception of Gibney, were taken to
Lawrence. Those arrested will be ar
raigned to-morrow morning— Bradley on
the charee of manslaughter.
LAWRENCE, Mass.. April s.— Local
officers have arrested James Gilligan, who
is said to have been the timekeeper at the
Ingr am-Bradley prizefight last night.
Charles Pryckbtt, a hostler employed at
the stable who is said to have let the place
for the fight, and Thomas Ahem, another
hostler at the stable, were also arrested.
It is said that small gloves were used in
the fight and that nine rounds were fought.
ARION CRITICALLY SICK.
The Stallion Attacked by Pneumonia.
Xancy Hanks Ha* a Daughter.
MILTON. Mass., April The stallion
Arion. by Electioneer, dam Mannette by
Nutwood, is critically sick from pneumo
nia at the stables of his owner, J. Malcolm
Forbes, at tnis pJace. . Arion was pur
purchased by Mr. Forbes as a throe-year
old from Leland Stanford for $125,000. At
that time he had a mark of 2:10%. He is
now 7 years old.
A brown filly was born to Nancy Hantcs
at the stables of Mr. Forbes Friday.
Nancy's daughter, reasoning from parent
age, should prove the fastest mare in the
world. Her dam is Nancy Hanks, with a
record of 2:04, and Arion, her sire, had a
two-year-old • record of 2:10-% at that age
and a five-year-old record of 2:07%.
San Jose Road. Itaee.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April s.— The five-mile
handicap road race of the Frantlin Road
Club over the East San Jose course this
morning was won by T. Lame (0:30) in
14:10. W. Ducotey (1:20) was second. The
other starters were: J. J. Carroll and C.
Dabie, scratch; C. Hollowa^, 1:30; A.
Hebert, 1:20; M. Krirnes. 1:10; F. Brown
0:50; T. Thurber, 0:40; G. Veit, 0:20.
St. Zouis Defeat* Chicago.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April s.— The St. Louis
football players to-day defeated the Chi
cago eleven by a final score of 2 to 1, leav
ing the winners the Western champion
ship. Yesterday's game was also taken
by the locals.
HEW TO-DAT.
<£ *£ *£ *£ «£ *£ v £
A brand of cigars
that varies in quality
causes vexation, bad
temper, "melancholia,
insanity, death*" -
The MANTELL
is absolutely uniform-
its flavor is the flavor
given it by nature*
Smoke one for knowledee,
Smoke many for conviction,
But always look for the
. little trade-mark tag.
The Wertheimgr €>.. Wholesalers, S. F.
wy/MMs^Y ll - !m an ' 1 tltek— it has a
¥\ *A*/W//y /> horror for me. I do no; Ilk*
\£j£* '\wr the past. When I recall th«
Tp 1 M''/$ past I recall that 1 wag a poor,
.{ } I weak, immatured, irresolata
ma *,]/ man. I recalled nighta ol
■■ ..■// quiet yet fearful torture and
v / ' days and days of Indecision*
IB / Before I need the remedies of
fflj / the Hudson Medical Institute.
fea THAT WAS before I had
kg . taken the Great Hudyan. I
at _ found Hudyan was indeed a
J j^P^\ wonderful »pecitic. I found .
f£& £ new life in the Great Hudyan.
f £& . I found Hudyan does curt
I jBJr y c&ses of weakness, of losseg
\£r by day or night. I can now
say in
JfW\&&if That Hr.dyan i.« a most wonder-
-31 » ful rejuvenator. It is a power.
ill ■ It cures certain cas«s of nerToui
111 debility, nerrous exbau«tion,
111 weakness, liver and kidney
■ » I complaints. If you suffer as I
AJH -" ■■-* ■■:.■ did write to the old doctors for
fe|Nf circulars and testimonials of
Xsr ' the Great Hudyan and you will
get them iB.EE.
: Circular* and Testimonials of the :
: GKEAI HDDVAX Free. j
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
BAy FKAKCISOO. CAL. -
LE MIRCHISI 1^
BOMLESS SARWJES, -^ 0\
J/s-LB. TINS, 3Oc. ,^^J ).]
* I I ! ' » II I*/
L r- J L — J ' \.f-?Y
Above "Sp*elal" this week only. ' VKf
••Smith's Weekly" !»>IU ail about ft?
the Specials.
Removal Sale now In progress,
freight prepaid 100 miles and over.
Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for postaL
lUI ITU CASH STORE.
O ITS I I riO 414-18 Front, S.F.
Largest Departm't Store west of Chicago.
PATROSIZE HOSE INDUSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FEOH THE
MANUFACTURER.
BEFI>"EI> BAR IRON 51. 75 base
ANGLE lEOX 2.15 flaß
BAND IRON „.. 2.00 '•
Kound Edge Tire SteeL 2.10 : l 16
Toe <*->. •* 2. 50 "
Plow '• 2.25 "
German Hammered" .;. 3.75 t>a<t«
Pick •• „.. 4.00 "
Machinery '• 2.00 *•
Spring •♦ :... 2.50 '•
Cold Rolled '* 3.25 "
Finished Shafting 3.25 '•
Terms :—Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. "
1 1 if- H%s'%^n&^? *"?s££& n
;|llE9tep|
A smart Broadway, New
1 \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
#[* / *^ < *''*^^%^%-'%--%.'%^%^«
0 ROYALTY couldn't tide a ! |
a • more perfect wheel than the j ,
IMONARCH!
A It's the King of Bicycles. Royal m
\in every line and feature^—^^ #
\ i csoitli. SO an t'.OO. fully #
W r>arttn:r»4. For cbiMrra JTjfl ■HSk'^lkT
\ »nd adultf whs m it ■ Js.lH|K/W
I f lower price »h«l the V~o]^B Ht- ' M
\ I»i'f!nnic i«ra»ltlaS M jWByT^PBMK — m
m mod. ito,sio.t6o.rs. tt_ 9Hn9l fl
Send (or Moamrch bock. KZflfl — I
£ Monarch Cycle Mtg.Co.^JP bK*T§
W S and 5 Front St., %fli HwPQr
p S.in Fnr.citfO. IB^N
tJW PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPKCIAL IT- DISEASES OF MXX. INCLrD-
ing >.U forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous D!».
eiw^. Or#r a) Tours' *>ii>*i^r»«». Book neat fre*.
rntientacumt at Horn*. IVrnwr**son.<C)!e. Office
Houm.9to3d«ll.r: 8 * to S * >>\ *nlr»e^. Sandira.
10 to J'i. O<i«Mtlt»ti«^n fr«* «cd aacreiilr coafid«a-
tua. now! i: mcXitx.tt. x. »-
I». MM! HfKfI.TT. M.l>^
«6.S Kfi»rn? Mtr<^«, Ami »r»u. •»,. C»l.
OPPRESSION, «*.,■»-.« _„
su ffocatioVj, R lIRFfI RY
NKURALGIATEtc, « Un "» DI
F.SVU CIOAuAtVKS, OR-POWDEBi
r*«», J, KsriO: K«« > O7k r FOUQEttA
* C\X 8014 b) »a tiru^isi*SAN PEDRO IS
THEIR CHOICE
Los Angeles Labor Unions
Join the Opposition to
Huntington.
AGAINST SANTA MONICA
White and McLachlan Urged
to Defeat the Southern
Pacific Scheme.
FARMERS' ALLIANCE IN LINE.
Adds Its Voice to the Protest Against
a Monopoly of Harbor
Privileges.
• LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 5.-A new
element was interjected into the harbor
fight to-day on the side of San Pedro.
The labor unions of the city, throueh
their officers, have wheeled into line with
the free harborites. The officers of eigh
teen of the organizations affiliated with
the Los Angeles County Council of Labor
to-day signed a telegram addressed to
Senator 'White and Representative Me-
Lachlan urging them to work for an ap
propriation for San Pedro and antagonize
Collis P. Huntington's scheme to induce
the Government to build a harbor for him
at Santa Monica. It is said the officers of
the remaining four unions will to-morrow
sign the petition, which has already been
telegraphed to Washineton. Thus far the
officers of the Musicians' Union are the
only ones who have refused to sign.
The officers of the various unions believe
their action will be indorsed by the mem
bership. At least they were willing to run
the risk of obtaining such ratification as
soon as the members can be called to
prther. J. S. Barbee, State secretary of
the Farmers' Alliance, in singing the doc
ument claimed io represent a membership
of 6000 voters in this county. The tele
cram which the labor leaders signed was
a« follows:
Ti> tk, Hon. S. If. White and the Hon. James
Me l.iirhlan, Washington, D. C: The undersigned,
in the names of the various departments of
labor which they represent, would most earD
estly urge your Hetive support of the Govern
ment and people's choice for a harbor at San
Pedro, and as active opposition to the efforts of
a monopoly to secure the improvement of its
harbor by Government funds at Santa Monica.
"This is a matter in ■which we feel that the
labor oi this community is immeasurably in
terested, us labor finds its greatest advantage
in the improvement of the communities in
which it has its home. We feel sure that the
expenditure of Government money at San
Pedro would result in direct benefit to the
laboring classes, while the money was being
epc-nt and also by the value of which the
harbor constructed at that place would be to
the community, while we do not believe that
either advantage would be secured from the
txpenditure of Government money at Santa
Monica ; for, in that instance, Mm money there
expended would be paid directly to the only
corporation whose iacilities permit it to do the
•work on tne harbor, and its future benefits
would result only to that corporation. "San
I'edro or nothing!"
The men who signed this telegram rep
resent the Los Angeles County Council of
Labor— the Cigar-makers' Union, Clerks'
Union, Cooks' Union, Butchers' Union,
Hotel and Restaurant Employes' Alli
ance, Barbers' Union, Lathers' Union,
Los Angeles County Labor Conference,
Plumbers' Union. Bakers' Union, Paint
ers" Union, Bricklayers' Union, Electric
Workers' Union, International Educa
tional Labor Association, Carpenters'
Union, American Railway Union and
Farmers' Alliance.
STOCKTON POLITICAL ROW
Stormy Session of the Central
Committee of San Joaquin
County.
An Attempt to Oust Members of the
American Protective Associa
tion Fails.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 5.— A "red-hot"
meeting of the County Central Committee
of Che Republican party was held this
nfttrnoon in the office of Otis Perrin in
which an effort was made by the Simon
pure Republicans to oust those members
of the committee who were connected with
the recent A. P. A. movement that went
under the name of Non-Partisan. After
the delegates had been seated and several
vacancies filled the first bomb was thrown
among the delegates by J. H. Collins, who
iniroduced the lollowir.g resolution:
Whereas, This is the Republican County
Committee of the county of San Joaquin, State
of California, and should be composed of mem
bers of the Republican party only; therefore
be it
Kctolved, That it is the order of the Re
publican County Committee of San Joaquin
County, State of California, that no person or
persons thatare roembtrsof any otner political
party, which organization, association or party
has enunciated and adopted a declaration of
principles or platform, shall be allowed to re
main as a member of this committee, and their
seats in this committee are hereby declared
vacant, such vacancy to take effect at once.
Collins moved the adoption of the reso
lution and the motion was promptly
seconded by Charles Gall. As soon as the
question was put by Chairman Perrin,
Mayor Baggs was on his feet. "Mr. Chair
man," said he, his wrath rising, "tiiere is
only one intent in bringing this resolution
before this meeting. I contend that its
adoption will brine harm to the Republi
can party of this county. Any man can
see ft hat is aimed at by this resolution. I
am opposed to no member of this com
mittee, but I am opposed to the spirit of
this resolution. It is aimed at me, and I
claim that I am as good a Republican and
have done more for the Republican party
of this city, county and btate than the
gentlemen who introduced the resolution.
Here Mayor Bag-s recited what he had
clone during tne campaign that resulted in
tbe election of James Louttit to Congress
and other work he hud done for the party.
He warned those present that the adop
tion oi the resolution would cause a split
m the party. r
<'.mtinuin X he said: "Occupying the
position, as 1 do, of an A. P. A. mernber
and I am proud of it-I can do more good
for the Republican party as such a mem
ber than 1 can out of that organization."
'I wish to state in behalf of mv resolu
tion, said Collins, who secured the floor
after Baggs had finished, '-that there is a
man among the members of this commit
tee who stated on the platform at a con
vention held in this city thai the Republi
can party has no strings on him."
When the resolution came to a vote it
was downed by twenty-one votes to six. It
was evident beforehand that the followers
of Mayor Baggs would triumph. The
question was then put to the committee
whether to hold a primary election and a
county convention or to leave the selec
tion or delegates to the State Convention
to the county committee. It was decided
to hold primary election, and the 21st inst.
was fixed as the time for holding the
primaries, and the 25th inst. as the date
for holding the county convention.
OR EG OS CO A FJSX TIOXS.
Bitter Fight to Be Matte Against Senator
Mitchell.
PORTLAND, Oregon, April s.— The Re
publican and Democratic State conven
tions are to be held here on the same
day — Thursday, April 9 — and political ex
citement is intense, because all county,
district and State conventions are com
ing so closely together. At Albany on
Tuesday the First Congressional District
Republican convention will convene.
Much interest is felt in its outcome, us
the 122 delegates will nominate a candidate
for Congress in the First District. To
morrow the city and county Democratic
convention will beheld, as will also the
convention of the bolting faction of the
Republicans. Thursday's convention will
select a Senatorial candidate. The pre
liminary canvass of delegates fails to dis
close the strength of the opposition to
Senator Mitchell. His friends consider
his chances good, but it will be a bitter
fight.
jujEynocixo's delegates.
Republican Central Committee Decides
Against Open Primaries.
UKIAH. Cal., April s.— The Republican
County Central Committee has decided
that delegates to the State Convention at
Sacramento on May 5 be appointed by the
committee and no primaries held. The
following were appointed as delegates: T.
L. Carothers, John McWhinnev, Fred C.
Handy. E. F. Decamp, J. C. Ford, W. P.
McFaul, A. M. Duncan, Lafayette Vandu
sen, George A. Sturtevant. As soon as the
date of the State Convention for the selec
tion of Presidential electors is fixed the
call for a county convention to nominate
county officers will be issued. While the
aelesation goes unpledged McKinley is its
choice for President, with Allison a close
second, and all are in favor of the free coin
age of silver.
Open Primaries in Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., April s.— The country
Democracy had an inning yesterday,
and a gathering that was intended to be
honored by the presence of the County
Central Committee only was transformed
into a mass-meeting. Open primaries
scored a victory. Under the provisions of
a resolution passed the Democrats of each
precinct can choose representatives to the
county convention in such manner as they
may deem fit, holding either precinct cau
cuses or primary elections. It is probable,
however, that the County Central Com
mittee will BUggest some definite plan of
action.
Polo County Convention.
WOODLAND, Cal., April s.— The mem
bers of the Republican County Central
Committee met yesterday and the nec
essary arrangements were completed for
holding a convention to elect delegates to
the State Convention. Of the seventy -five
delegates to meet Woodland's apportion
ment is twenty-five. The primaries for
the election of delegates to the County
Convention will be held April 11. and the
County Convention will be held in Wood
land on April 18.
Sevada County I'rimariea.
NEVADA, Cal., April s.— The Republi
can County Central Committee has decided
to call a primary election 10 bo held
throughout the county on Saturday, April
18, to eiect delegates to the State Conven
tion. Arthur L. Fisher of Grass Valley
was elected secretary of the committee,
vice J. J. Terrill, resigned.
TULARE OFFICERS WARNED
Trains Guarded to Prevent a
Hold-Up by the Dalton
Outlaws.
Authorities Notified That a Robbery
of the Overland Is About to
Be Undertaken.
VISALIA, Cal., April s.— Some five or
six weeks ago the Southern Pacinc Rail
road detectives and the Sheriffs of the San
Joaquin Valley were notified that an at
tempt would be made on the night of
March 2, by members of the Dalton gang,
to rob the Southern Pacinc train. The
hold-up was to take place near the Kings
burg bridge, on Kings River, in Tulare
County. There the brush and timber are
very heavy, and offer a good opportunity
for escape. On that night, however, there
was a very heavy wind and rainstorm, and
the hold-up was not attempted. The at
tempt by McCall to rob the train near
Goshen, which resulted in his death and
the;arrest of six suspects, interfered with
the plan once more.
Letters received in Visalia last week
stated that an attempt would be made
shortly to rob the train near Poso, Kern
County. When the northbound train
pulled into Goshen at 1:28 o'clock this
morning Sheriff Merritt and Detectives
Meade and Brighton were on board. This
gave some color to the report; but it was
clai med by the officers that Meade was on
his way to Fresno to visit his family; Cap
tain Merritt was returning from a visit to
Bakersfield, whither he h-ad been on busi
ness, and Brighton had boarded the train
at Tulare.
The agents along the line were quite un
easy, however. Trains 19 and 20 pass at
Traver, but both were on time. The con
ductors had orders to report at once upon
arrival at Traver if the other train was not
on time.
SAXTA CRUZ XA.VA.Ij RESERVES.
Initial Cruise of the Season Made in a
Heavif Sea.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April s.— The
naval reserve to-day, despite the steady
rain and a rough sea, made its initial
cruise of the season. There were fourteen
men in the crew, under command of Lieu
tenant Morey, and all were pleased with
the success of the venture. It was neces
sary to put the men aooard the cutter by
the u.se of two small boats, owinp to the
heavy beating of the surf. Both going
out and coming in the boys ran consider
able risk, but they were "all expert oars
men and landed with no ill results, except
a case or two of seasickness.
The cruise in the big boat was in no wise
dangerous nor unpleasant. It is a 12-oar
boat and measures 32 feet over all ana 7
feet 6 inch beam. It is easily controlled
and affords an excellent opportunity for
the reserves to show their commander
what they can do.
A.HJZOXA FORGERIES.
Governor Hughe* Claim* That His Ifame
Was Used by Others.
TUCSON, Ariz., April s.— lt is agreed
that Governor Hughes' removal was
brought about by several telegrams shown
to President Cleveland, timing members
of Congress to pass the Arizona school
land lease bill over the President's veto.
These telegrams were over the signature
of the Governor. He arrived in Tucson
to-day, and. speaking of the matter, said
that the telegrams were forgeries. He had
never communicated with any Congress
men or other person on the subject of the
land lease bill.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
AT THE MARE
ISLAND YARD
Work on Steam Launches
for Two of the New
Gunboats.
MORE MEN DISCHARGED.
Engineering Department Force
Reduced for Lack of
Funds.
ENLISTMENTS FOR THE OREGON
The Battle-Ship's Crew to Be Secured
Next Week— Pay-Day Scenes
at the Station.
VALLEJO, Cat,., April s.— Two fine
steam launches are under course of con
struction in the boatshop at Mare Island
lor the two gunboats to be built at the
Union Iron Works. By a recent order of
the Secretary of the Navy all boats for
vessels hereafter to be built are to be made
at the various yards belonging to the Gov
ernment, it having been demonstrated that
when so constructed they are superior in
workmanship.
Next week the enlistment of men for the
battle-ship Oregon will commence on the
receiving-ship. All men now in the ser
vice with less than three months to serve
will receive tneir discharge, to enable
those so desiring to reship, that they may
have a full three years' cruise aboard the
Oregon.
It is expected that the monitor Monad
nock will be bacK at San Francisco on
Monday, and possibly it may return to the
yard for a short time.
Eighteen men have been discharged
from the steam engineering department
for lack of work and money. The last pay
day showed a decrease of $10,000 or $12,000
from the month previous, there being but
about $25,000 disbursed. Many of the men
laid off were evidently out-of-town me
chanics, judging from the fact that imme
diately after pay-day the express company
shipped $600 or $800 in small amounts to
various families. Heretofore all clerks and
appointees have received their usual sti
pend on the last day of the month. This
order has been changed, and now they are
to be paid twice a month— on the Ist and
15th. The workmen receive their money
the 10th and 25th of the month. This
keeps the pay department officers busy.
After the money is received in the pay
office the sacks are emptied of their con
tents and the coin counted and tested by
the paymaster, his clerks and those under
them. Either one of these men is so ex
pert in his duties that the first touch is
sufficient to test the genuineness of the
money. The coin is then placed in en
velopes — so much for each man — and
marked with the department, amount and
number of the man, corresponding with
that on the payroll. The money is de
posited in one or the other of the two great
safes in the paymaster's office, and at
night extra guards are placed on duty, one
of whom every quarter or half hour dur
ing the night rings the telephone bell con
necting with the guardhouse at the gate,
and reports "All's well." Should it occur
that the bell fails to ring, the sergeant or
corporal of the guard visits the building
in which the money is kept 10 ascertain
the cause.
When payday comes, usually a day or
two after the moneys arrival at the yard,
typewritten notices are sent to the vari
ous departments giving the rotation in
which they are to be paid. At the noon
hour the men are all on hand and take
their places in line, as nearly as possible in
accordance with their number on the roll,
and as one of the clerks call out the num
ber Pay Clerk Bollard passes out the en
velope containing the amount due the
man. In less than twenty minutes more
than $30,000 has been paid out for the half
month's work, in sums ranging from ?2 16
to $150. The officers receive their pay the
last day of the month, and with but one
exception— the commandant— all go to the
pay office, receive the amount due them
and sign the receipt-book.
The Bennington is lying at the wharf in
commission, together with the Baltimore,
out of commission. But little is being
done on them for want of funds. It is
hoped the contingent apDropriation made
in the House will not be hung up in the
Senate; otherwise necessary work will be
retarded.
Under tLe direction of Mesdames Howi
son and Skelding, wive? of the coraand
ant and paymaster, respectively, prepara
tions are being made for a flower show or
festival at the yard Thursday afternoon.
Carriages will be festooned with Flora's
choicest offerings from the beautiful
gardens surrouuding the quarters. In the
evening the first of a series of hops will be
given in the sail loft, which will be beauti
fully decorated with flowers.
REPUBLICANS AT OGDEN
Indorsement of Senator Cannon's
Course in Blocking Tariff
Legislation.
His Colleague Sarcastically Rebuked
for Forsaking the Silver
Forces.
OGDEN, Utah, April s.— The Ogden
city and Weber County Republicans met
in convention yesterday to elect delegates
to the State convention, This being the
home of Senator Cannon, who was one of
the five silver Senators who blocked tariff
legislation recently, and also the home of
a large number of the friends of Senator
Brown, who deserted the silver forces, a
fight on resolutions was precipitated. The
Brown contingent wanted no resolutions,
and the Cannon men wanted an indorse
ment. There was no expression as to the
Presidential question, and the following
resolutions were reported after a fierce
fight in the committee-room and unani
mously adopted by tne convention :
Resolved, That we reaffirm our allegiance to
the great cardinal principles of the Republi
can party, just and adequate protection to
American industries, free coinage of silver at
a ratio of 16 to 1, and reciprocity; that in our
judgment free silver should be made the key
stone of the arch.
Kcsolvtd, That we indorse the action of Sena
tor Frank J. Cannon and his four associates In
the action in refusing to vote for a protective
measure unless coupled with free coinage of
silver.
Whekeas, Thegoldite press of the East has
made the assertion that the said Senators were
not supported by the people of their respective
States; now, therefore, we, the Republicans of
Ogden and Weber County, in convention assem
bled, ask that Senator Cannon be made the
leader of the Republican delegation in St.
Louis to reaffirm our indorsement of his
action; provided, however, that nothing here
in be construed as impugning the of
Senator Brown in voting for the consideration
of the Dingley tariff bill.
The Cannon people consider the latter
proviso as a piece of neat sarcasm.
DROPS I)EA1» AT HOLLISTER.
Sudden Passing of A. P. Boyd of San
Francisco.
HOLLISTER, Cal., April 5.— A. P. Boyd.
formerly of this place, but late of San
Francisco, dropped dead this evening In
the dining-room of the McMahon Hotel.
Mr. Boyd was well-to-do, having accumu
lated considerable property here in the
lumber business. He was here on a visit,
looking after his property in this county,
which consists of real estate and mort
gages to the amount of nearly $100,000.
Mr. Boyd removed to San Fraucisco with
his wife and daughter two years ago. He
was a prominent citizen and a pioneer of
this county. He was 71 years of age.
BAIL FROM SEATTLE.
Two Hundred and Thirty-Five Men
Start for Alaska.
SEATTLE, Wash., April s.— The steam
schooner Lakme sailed for Six-mile Creek,
on Cooks Inlet, Alaska, this morning, hav
ing 235 passengers and a large cargo of
freight. The passenger fares alone
amounted to $11,750. Just before the hour
of departure about twenty men came
ashore, refusing to make the trip owing to
the crowded condition of the vessel, and
their fares were accordingly refunded. Of
those who got away four were young men
who had given up good positions at Grand
Rapids, Mich., to try their fortunes in the
auriferous fields of the Cooks Inlet region.
The steamer Utopia, which got away
yesterday for Alaska, had 125 passengers.
SANTA CLARA FRUIT CROP
Prospects for an Immense Yield
in the Orchards of the
Valley.
Asparagus Being Prepared in the
New Cannery Erected at
Miipitas.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April s.— There are
prospects for an immense fruit crop
throughout Santa Clara Valley this sea
son. There are more prunes on the
trees than ever before, and unless heavy
frosts come soon, which is not probable,
the crop will be immense. The buds have
set well, and it is estimated that the crop
this season will be 30 per cent larger than
last year.
Apricots and peaches are coming along
finely. Apricots are now being thinned,
and with the exception of moorparks will
be a good crop. Cherries are well ad
vanced and should be on the market by
the last of April.
The cannery recently erected at Mil
pitas by the Oakland racking Company
was started up last week. At present as
paragus is being canned, after which will
come green peas. The factory will make
a specialty of canning vegetables. It em
ploys thirty-five girls.
Wanted in Stockton Alto.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April s.— John Jones,
who was arrested here yesterday on a
charge of securing $30 from P. B. Wash
burn of Livermore under false pretenses,
was taken to that place this afternoon by
Constable Fitzgerald. It is said that
Jones is wanted in Stockton for embez
zlement.
Deaerted Fifteen leara A.go.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April s.— Christine
Burmester, after being deserted fifteen
years, has begun suit for divorce from E.
H. Burmester. They were married in
Brooklyn, N. V., in 1879. Two years later
the husband tied with another woman,
and nas failed to return or contribute to
the support of his wife since that time.
He is now supposed to be in New Yorlc.
There are no children ana no community
property to wrangle over.
STONY CREEK ADVENTURE
Narrow Escape of a Child and
Its Parents From Death
in the Current.
The Despairing Father Sees the Little
One's Hand Near the Surface
and Effects a Rescue.
CHICO, Cal., April 5.— S. B. Stawn,
wife and child, living near Orland, Glenn
County, attempted to ford Stony Creek
yesterday. They missed the ford and got
into deep water. In attempting to turn
back the spring wagon was overturned and
Mr. and Mrs. Stawn and the infant child
were soon struggling for their lives in the
swift current of the creek.
When they had been carried about fifty
yards down the stream fctawn succeeded
in setting his wife to land. Then he
turned to rescue the child, and was horri
fied to find that it had disappeared. For
tunately Stawn chanced to glance at the
current a few feet from him just as the
child's hand was thrown into sight by the
action of the water.
The little hand was in sight but an in
stant, but it was long enough for the
father to make a dive for it and catch it,
Stawn says it was an interposition of
Providence in the little one's behalf that
his eyes should have chanced to linger on
that spot just as the child's hand was
thrown near the surface. The strangest
incident of the whole affair was that the
child was not even strangled by the water,
and after one or two shakes to make it
catch its breath it acted as though nothing
unusual had occurred. It had been in the
water four minutes, and during consider
able of that time was beneath the surface.
J HISMt HIOHXS OF WAT.
Valley Road Proyreßm Barred by but
One Landowner.
FRESNO, Cal., April s.— The local Val
ley Railroad committee announced the
conclusion of what has proved to be a
very troublesome right-of-way case. A
strip of land on Danube street, in Shank
lin's addition, is owned by a resident of
Buffalo, N. Y. The attorneys for the
owner have been asking $2000 for a right
of way through the land, but yesterday
they wired to Dr. Pedlar, chairman of the
commitiee, their acceptance of an offer of
$750. This completes the right of way
from this city to the San Joaquin River,
except across a tract of land owned by
Martin Matison, and a condemnation suit
will be begun against Matison to-morrow.
Fiaalia'a Jtepreaentativea Named.
VISALIA, Cal., April s.— William H.
Hammond and I. H. Thomas have been
appointed by the Board of Trade as dele
fates to the free-market meeting at Ban
'ranoibco on April 16.
POCATELLO MEN
WANT REVENGE
Lynching Will Follow the
Capture of a Would-Be
Murderer.
TRAILED BY REDSKINS.
Bloodhounds Sent For to Assist
in the Pursuit of a
Tramp.
STABBED A DEPOT POLICEMAN.
The Wounded Man Cannot Recover
•and His Friends Will Mete
Stern Justice.
POCATELLO, Idaho, April s.— James
B. Scanlon, a Union Pacific depot police
man, was deliberately stabbed at 2:40
o'clock this morning by a tramp and is
now believed to be dying. During the day
he revived enough to make a statement to
Dr. Steely, his physician. There were no
witnesses to the cold-blooded affair.
Scanlon said that he had vainly endeav
ored to quiet the vagrant and finally
started with him to the platform. The
tramD tried to attack Scanlon and the offi
cer struck him on the head with a pistol
and ordered him to leave. The fellow
started but vowed vengeance, and in a few
moments he returned. Before the police
man was aware of his intentions he sprang
upon Scanlon like a wild animal and
plunged a large knife straight into his left
side to a depth of about five inches. The
tramp then fled. Scanlon staggered to a
waiting room, where medical aid was sum
moned.
At daylieht posses were organized and
started in every direction. They included
Indian police, who can follow a man's
trail over barren ground. Bloodhounds
have been sent for from Cheyenne, Wyo.,
and tnere is no doubt that the assailant
will be captured. When caught, speedy
vengeance will be meted.
To-night the house where Scanlqn lies is
surrounded by friends, eagerly waiting for
news of his condition. Dr. G. W. Perkins
of Ogden was brought to the city on a
Bpecial train, ana performed an operation,
removing the spleen which was nearly
severed by the tramp's knife. Provisions
have been sent to different places for those
who are on the hunt. Several private
rewards have been offered.
SAX ItEKXA.RMSO FRACAS.
Two Acton Meat a Tain aln Man and Are
lodged in Jail.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 5.—
Two theatrical men came to grief last
night and changed their place of lodging
from a hotel to the city jail. They are
H. C. Henderson, leading man in the Rose
Stillman company, which has been here
for a week, and E. J. Blunthall. Since
being in the city Henderson has been un
able to appear on the stage, having spent
most of his time at the Opera bar. ■'
Last evening the two actors beat a
tamale man oat of his wares and thrashed
him besides, and, on demand, refused to
make the damage good. A warrant was
sworn out and, being unable to give bail,
they had to go to jail. Their case comes
up Monday.
Portland Damage Ca»e Decided.
PORTLAND, Or., April s.— The trial of
the case of Frederick C. Mossman against
his brother-in-law, Charles 0. Hill, the
well-known steamboat man, for $25,000
damages, was concluded yesterday by the
jury bringing in a verdict "for $1500. Moss
man claimed that Hill had alienated his
wife's affections. The trial attracted great
attention. The defendant claimed that it
was a blackmailing case.
Fatal Stage Wreck year Eureka.
EUREKA, Cal., April s.— The mail
stage between Ferndale and Petrolia was
wrecked on Cooks Grade yesterday. The
driver, William Peters, and one horse were
found dead. The accident occurred about
1 :30 o'clock and was probably caused by a
brake giving way. The horse had evi
dently run a long distance before the
upset.
Shocking Death at Gettyaburg.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April .5—
Peter Sissons met with a shocking death
yesterday in a logging camp at Get
tysburg. His head was slowly crushed
between two logs. Although two men
were standing by, it was impossible to save
the poor fellow, and they were obliged to
witness the sickening sight.
NEW TO-DAY. .
/**. What an ordinary man eats
*&i and the way he eats it would
£3r. be enough to give dyspepsia
df to an ostrich — unless the os-
-.£• trich were wise enough to as-'
■ Mr-, ■^^•fc^-; * s * his digestion
■ K^^i time with an
■ Bfeif-^W^ 7 efficient conibi-
V H^il nation of vege-
B^^^^s, table extracts.
2. V^&. V^? Such a P re para-
J* ■ :: -W-; •■*' tion is Doctor
Tr Mr ..^ Pierces Pleasant
X^ff ■ /V "-W.,' Pellets. They
fft&F-^*'' excellence for
m } " 4*Br those who some-
times eat the wrong things and too
much. They t stimulate action in all of
the digestive organs. ■ They stop sour
stomach, windy, belchings, > heartburn,
flatulence and cure constipation, bilious- '
ness, dyspepsia,' indigestion, sick head-
ache and kindred derangements.
They are gentle, but prompt in re-
moving offending matter from the stom-
ach I and bowels, and 5 have I none of the
unpleasant features of other pills. They
do not gripe and cause no violent shock
to the system.
One little " Pellet " is a laxative. Two
are mildly cathartic. One ; ; taken > after
dinner insures perfect digestion, sound
sleep and an absence of foul breath in
the morning.
' They are unlike ordinary pills, because
you do not become a slave to their use.
They not ; only afford temporary relief,
but effect a permanent cure.
Once used they are always in favor.
Your ■ name and address on a postal
card will bring a free sample package of
4 to 7 doses. -World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
I CAUTION.— Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pel-
, lets — it's lan easy ■■ name to X remember.
Don't let some designing- dealer persuade
I you to take some pills represented as "just
as good." ;i He makes more profit on the
"just as good " kind. That's why he pre-
fers to ' sell them. > ', That's the reason why
? you better not take them. .
HEW TO-DAT.
QUESTION?
>ooooooooooo<
A 3 *UJhere can S get for my boys the very
\M «P cleverest of clothes, the very highest char-
V 3 acter of goods, the very cleverest styles and
IT the biggest dollar's worth in town ?
ANSWER!
3 j€t your biy Jfearny Street Store where
5 90 per cent of the Sftoys 1 Clothes is sold.
The little fellows always look sweet in a
Sailor Suit.
The one in the picture abore is shown in
pretty blue yacht cloths in the twill, pret-
tily braided, extra deep sailor collar, in-
cluding a lanyard and whistle.
As long as they'll hold out we'll let you
have 'em at the price,
-$1.25-
For little folks between the ages of 3
and 10.
I Percale Waists, \
1 Tennis Flannel Waists I
* About 500 dozen, plaited front j$
(X and back, in the very newest S
2J Spring coiorinss, clever goo<*s, as ($>
® good values as you'll get in any ®
w other house in town at 50c. ®
m Special at ®
That sweet littie suit you see in the pic-
ture above in blue, with separate vest of
white duck and with dark separate vest,
handsomely embroidered, gotten up in
very swell style, in Serges and in Chev-
iots. Special,
—$5.00—
Sizes 4 to 10 years.
Some 500 pretty Wash Suits, in Oalateas
and striped ducks, deep sailor collar, in-
cluding lanyard and whistle, for little fel-
lows between the ages of 4 and 12.
Special,
75 C
(INCORPORATED).
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11; 13, 15 Kearny Street
I ]j c> o -^^a
r] o oy\-
Mothers have told us that our new Reefer
Suits for Spring are perfect ideals. A big
special on them as long as the quantity
holds out.
We will place on sale about 500 of 'em
in pretty Tweeds, in Scotches, with deep
sailor collar, just as you see in the picture
above, for little fellows between the ages
of 3 and 10; we've included some of those
Blue Twill Cheviots among 'em; Suits
worth all the way up to $4.
Special for Monday, Tuesday and Wed-
nesday at
—$1.95—
x- C i
I ■ "S o o I
\q* Oi -^ )
.Your boy may be a hard one on clothes,
but he's a good one if he can wear out
those sturdy Scotches, made by the Ath-
lone Mills, Scotland; full heavy-weight
goods, as strong as iron for wear; for lads
between the ages of 5 and 15; as good as
any $5 suit in America. Special,
-$3.50-
That cunning little Middy Suit you sea
in the picture above in Bine Serge Chev-
iots, awfully sweet, awfully :, manly, with
detached white duck vest, tor little fellows
between the ages of 3 and 10 years.
Special,
-$4.95-
-(INCORPORATED),
An Entire Floor, 14,700 Square Feet, De-
voted to Juvenile Apparel.
34
THE BEAUTIFUL
CITY OF AUBURN.
A Gem That Nestles in the
Heart of Placer
County.
RAPIDLY BUILDING UP.
Magnificent Business Blocks and
Fine Homes That Reflect
Prosperity.
THE GOLD MINERS' PARAriSE.
Rich Resources and Attractions of the
Loveliest Village cf the
P.ains.
AUBURN, Cal., April s.— ln the mid
dle of Piacer, the Gateway county, lies the
beautiful city of Auburn, which nature has
done so much for. and if the author of the
poem in which "Sweet Auburn, loveliest
village of the plain,"' is referred to could
only have been translated to this pictur
esque city lie surely would have found the
ideal which be sought to describe, and this
the loveliest city of the "foothils."
Auburn is most emphatically anything
but a village of the plains; quite the con
trary, it has a nigged appearance. In this
particularity, however, is one of its chief
charms. The streets are Jaid out with
utter disregard to the compass, winding
around through the natural grades, which
make a pleasing feature to the visitor. The
city is spread out, covering considerable
surface, being fully a mile in length, but
Is gradually creeping together, and a few
years will sco it as one large, condensed
city. 1: can r.ovr boast of many handsome
residences, which would be a credit to
any city on the coast
Back in the '50's the entire site of the
city of Auburn wss among the richest of
the old placer regions, and immense quan
tities of cold were taken out here. In the
*arly days the settlement was always
made as near as possible to the mines,
which to a great extent accounts for the
irregularity of the streets at the present
time. The peculiar shaped county, that
surrounds Auburn has an area of 1429
square miles, and reaches from the Sacra
mento Valley to the boundary line of the
State of Nevada. 100 miles distant. The
western line of the county lies at a mean
elevation of 100 feet, while the eastern line
is at an altitude of SuOO feet, containing
every variety of surface and climate, from
the low lying alluvial valleys to the peaks
of the Sierras, so that the visitor must
meet with every conceivable, quality o:
temperature suitable to every taste.
The county's resources are vast. In the
western portion grain-growing is the chief
product; then you come to the rolling
land or foothills, where you rind the home
of the peach, pear, pram, fig and olive, as
well as a great mining center. The east
ern portion is one vast forest of sugar pine,
spruce, cedar and fix timber, being very
valuable. Here is where hydraulic min
ing nourished up to a few years ago, when
it was restrained by the Government.
Auburn's interests are principally fruit
growing, although mining is carried on in
the immediate vicinity very extensively.
Tne most notable mines are probably the
Zantgraft, owned by the Chapman Bros.,
the Hathaway and the Marguerette, all
of which are yielding handsome profits.
While there is some gravel mining being
done, quartz mining is paramount.
The corner-stone of it? beautiful granite
and yellow brick courthouse was laid
July 4. 1*94, under appropriate cere
monies by the Free Masons. The structure
•when completed will cost probably $200,
--000, and trill stand as a credit to every tax
payer of Placer County. The Supervisors
have already let the last contract for the
completion of the building, and they ex
pect to have it in readiness for the county
Officials to occupy by the last of the year.
The granite, brick and wood material are
all Placer County products. The nrst
story and massive steps are of solid gran
ite; the second and third stories are built
of pressed brie*. The building is abso
lutely hre proof, with marble Books.
The South Ynba Water Company', which
has its main office at Auburn, is an im
mense consolidation of water and mining
interests, the growth of many years and
the fruit of sagacity and enterprise. Its
property covers three counties— Placer,
Nevada and Sacramento extending from
Summit station, on the crest of the Sierras,
where it owns a most valuable reservoir
cite, to the Sacramento River, its present
terminal. Its prosperity is based upon
possession of ancient and valuable water
rights and an immense storage capacity on
the divide. Eighteen reservoirs, at an
average altitude of over 5000 feet, collect
water derived from melcing snows during
the rainy season for distribution In the
foothills during the dry season.
One of these, the Fordyce, i 8 as large as
the better advertised Bear Valley reservoir
in Southern California, ami is restrained by
a dam Sls feet long, 90 feet high and 125
feet deep, beside which the Southern Bear
Valley dam is a mere plaything, and
which cost $300,000. Meadow Lake dam,
yet higher up among the clouds, cost $75,
--000. Thirteen smaller distributing basins
among the foothills brine the total of
an iricial reservoirs up to thirty one. Be
sides these the company has some tine
reservoirs sites at high altitudes for future
erection of dams and extensive increase of
storage. One of the latter could be made
to double the total present storage, ul
thou h this now amounts to over 2,000,
--000,000 cubic feet.
The distributing: canals form a network
over Nevada and P;acer counties, and have
reached the gateway of Sacramento
County. These ever-dividing lines of
ditch, tunnel, rlume or pipeline are carried
along the crests of the ridges, and are thus
available everywhere for power, for irriga
tion or for municipal supply. The total
length of these waterways is 400 miles, of
which at least 300 are of a capacity suffi
cient to allow of a How of 1000 miners'
inches. Important and valuable mining
claims belong to the property, but are
worked only by lessees. The entire orig
inal cost of" this plant was immense, not
;ar short of $3,000,000, and at present, with
modern machinery and skill and lower
wages, it could not be replaced for less
than $1,500,000.
The most important Interest of the com
pany is power. The fall in elevation be
tween Bear Valley, Plaier County— the
outlet of the upper storage system — and
the terminals is over4(\X)feet, and in many
places the hills drop so abrubtly as
to lurnish power in iarge amount and
of not expensive arp'ieation. Some of
.his is utilized and the BOOTCe of large in
comes in the rich mining regions of Ne
vada City and Grass Valley, while other
blocks of power are in the service of mines
and factories In other parts of the system.
At Newcastle 3000 horsepower is availa
ble for use and is about to be transmitted
electrically to Sacramento, where theSjutn
Yuba will compete on equal terms with
tlie Folsom Light and Power Company for
the lighting and heating of the Capitol
and the running of shops and factories.
Already Newcastle. Penryn, Loomis and
Rocfchn are supplied with Doth arc and in
candescent lamps. It would not in the
:ea>t embarrass the South Tuba Company
to furnish power to run the Central Pacific
trains from Kocklin to the Summit, and at
less tbau half the present cost by steam
and coal. The outlook in the "line of
power not only in Nevada County but along
the railroad in Placer and Nevada coun
ties, is vast and far reaching.
Municipal supply has become an im
portant branch of the business. Nevada
Ciry, Grass Valley, Colfax, Auburn, New
castle. Penryn. Loomis, Rocklin and
Lincoln ail use South Yuba water. Sooner
or later Sacramento, Oakland and San
Francisco must come to the mountains ro
insure amount and quality. The South
Yuba, on better terms than any other
company, can compete for their "custom.
Tae purest melted snow can be supplied
San Francisco in any amount at a figure
so low as to render the outlay of the
capital necessary a profitable investment,
not only for the water company, but for
the citizens. Indeed, a rate is at present
offered the metropolis so much beneath
what taxpayers are assessed by the Spring
Valley Company that the difference in
fifteen years would equip the reservoirs,
pipe lines aud all apparatus necessary for
conveyance from the divide to the sea
shore. Before long the wisdom of accept
ing this offer will be seen.
Irrigation also has become an extensive
source of profit, ana at the present time
over 12.000 acres are watered at a cost to
ihe skillful rancher of $tf per acre. From
this source the unsurpassed foothill region
lying about and below Newcastle derives
its prosperity. Many schemes fur the ex
tension of this system are in the air, and
the near future may see perpetual verdure
of garden and orofiard creeping down to
the very river bn igo of the capital.
Thus the South Yuba Water Company
has an immense future before it, and is
already one of the gr"at properties ot the
State. Its management is sagacious
enterprising. The well-known John
Spaufding is and has heen for many years
iis trusted and valued general manager,
and it would probably beirapo«>ih:e to find
his superior in this line in California, or
anywhere eke on the coast. The other
officers are: Warner Van Noxdea (presi
dent of the Bank of North America in
New York City), president ; William Dowd
of New York, vice-president, and Charles
Van Norden, resident director for Califor
nia.
Auburn keeps up with the times. Since
it:? incorporation it has made vast im
provements. Too much creuit cannot be
piven our municipal government, which
i- managed by an economical board ol
rive Trustees. John Morgan is the present
Mayor and W. K. W Hainan, ?. M. Dtumu.
W. A. Freeman and Q. W. McCreedy are
the Trustees. The city has been "thor
oughly sewered at an expense of ?20,<Xh),
althonich Auburn has a natural dra:
The main streets have been macadar:ii;:o.i
and everything put in city dress. To-Juy
the city'a population numbers about 30u0,
and r.ew bu:ldines are constantly being
erected, within the last two years no le»»
tlaan thiriy-tive new residences baring
been built," including a city hail at a cost
of |55.000, an I. 0. O. F. hail which cost
.!, and our present new courthouse.
It has a live Board of Trade, which is do
ins effective work, and Chnrie> Van .Nur
den is the president. The ]>co; ie ar\j j ro
gressive and the merchant are doing a
thriving business.
.Eolui Hti^iits ha* become through the
enterprise of some of our best citizens oue
of the most charming residence spots in
the city. To an unrivaled view, every
sanitary adjunct of sewer, water supply
and beautiful evergreen trees has been !
supplied, and now tlie spot is the chief ]
BIRDSEYE VIEW OF THE THRIVING CITY OF AUBURN, PLACER COUNTY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
jewel of the city. A broad driveway has
been laid out that sweeps around the
hill and commands a splendid view of the
rushing torrent of the American River in
its picturesque gorge hundreds of feet
below. The scene from this spot, or from
the opposite side of the residence oi D. W.
Lubeck, is one of indescribable grandeur
in its wildness. Then, turning to a view
in the west, you gaze upon another scene
fully as grand and possessing all the at
tractions which the hand of man can give.
Colonel Hamilton of the Sacramento
Hank. Hon. C. F. Reed, F. Birdsell and
William Ambrose are some of the promi
nent citizens who have erected handsome
residences on the heights.
The Placer County Bank is a strong
financial institution. It has a capital
stock of $100. 000. Its finances are looked
after by I). W. Lubeck, vice-president,
and T. J. Nichols, the cashier.
During the summer months especially,
Auburn is thronged with visitors from the
coast, but with the six large hotels it has
ample room for the weary traveler. The
Freeman Hotel lias a large dancing plat
form and during the summer months
weekly concerts are given for the enter
tainment of gaests. Well attended churches
of most all denominations are represented
and there is a heavy sprinkling cf fraternal
societies.
The county seat is naturally the resi
dence of most of the county officials. The
present Sheriff, \\\ C. Conroy, is a young
man who has the reputation throughout
the State as a second Cunningham. He
has always been vigorous in running down
criminals, and durimr his six years of
service for the people has made a credit
able officer.
L. L. Chamberlain is the present Dis
trict Attorney. He is serving his secoad
term, which must be regarded as substan
tial and gratifying evidence of the public
approval of his administration of the af
fairs of his office. Lee is a bright young
native son, with a clean, fearless record
ana an ambition to keep in the front rank
of progress.
The present Superior Judge, J. E.
Prewett, has handeu down some able de
cisions, aud seldom is one reversed by the
higher courts. W. l. May, Placer's Coumy
Ck-rk, is r., w holding liis second term of
office. His re-election is evidence of the
high esteem in which he is held as a pub
lic officer, and his thorough knowledge
of the minute and complicated details of
all matters pertaining to his office is a rare
and availing acquisition in a public ser
vant.
Iv educational opportunities Auburn
has well-graded public schools and a Sierra
Normal Coiieee. The efficient County
Superintendent of Sc .ools, Professor P. W.
Smith, takes great interest in his work,
lie is high up in educational matters and
a rising young Native Son.
John Adams is the present Assessor and
his friends can always be sure of a call
from him at least once a year — the Ist of
March. Forest Hill may well be proud of
us production of County Recorder 0. A.
Bilkey, who has made many warm friends
since coming to Auburn.
John Chisriiilm and E. 0. Uren are
stanch old Republicans, and hold the
respective odices of Treasurer and Sur
veyor.
The city is well lighted with electricity;
the incandescent hght can be seen every
where. 'Iheßell E'ectric Light Company
has just added another new dynamo to its
plant.
B. F. Hartly, the practical miner, has
secured a franchise for an electric railroad,
and he expects soon to induce capital to
take hold of tlie project, so Auburn can
look forward to a long-felt want— an elec
tric line.
The institute for the cure of the liquor
nnJ morphine habit, conducted by Dr.
Rollins, iurnishes some very fine "testi
monials of its good work.
Colonel W. S. Davis' pretty residence,
La Tovon, commands a sight Iv view of the
American River. The colonel is public
spirited, ani the community can always
rely upon his assistance in any movement
ttiat is for the advancement of Auburn's
interests.
The birdseye view of Auburn was taken j
ten rears ago and consequently leaves out ;
many of the public buildings and business
blocks, as well as about 150 residences, of i
which some are the lin est in the city.
Auburn ha? well-established houses in i
al! branches of business and tne merchants
are wide-awake to the wants of the people.
The Auburn Board of Trade, although
only lately organized, is pushing ahead
and accomplishing good work. L. E. 0.
Jordan, the hardware man, is an active
member of the board, and through his per
sistent energy Jately was instrumental in
connecting Auburn with Georgetown Dy j
telephone, and exp.cts to have it run on
through to Forest Hili.
Journalism is well represented by two
Republican weeklies — the Placer H'epuo
iican. edited by W. H. Sharden. and the
Placer Argus, edited by Kicchmond & ,
Rodehaver — and one Democratic weekly,
the Placer herald, edited by Will A. Shep
ard. These papers fully cover the ground
for weekly editions, but Auburn is much
in need of a daily sheet.
The city has two well-equipped volunteer
fire departments— the Rattlers and Hose
ompany No. 2 — which have saved thee
insurance companies many dollars.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Champion Donnelly and G. Hutchin-
eon Defeated by Bonnet and
.Lawless.
Owing to the rain yesterday there were
no games played in the Union handball
court, but in the San Francisco court,
which was crowded, several closely con
tested and interestin?: games took place.
The chief attraction was a match between
P. T. Donnelly, the amateur champion,
and George Hutchinson, and T. F. Bonnet
and J. Lawless, the two latter winning
after some clever play.
For a long time the wish has been ex
pressed in handball circles that Bonnet
and J. Harlow, the coast champion, would
agree to play a match. The obstacle in
the way always was that Bonnet would
not play for money, which would place
him in the ranks of professionals. Yes-
terday, to the delight of all lovers of hand
ball, it was announced that a match be
tween the t^vo for a ?50 trophy, to be pre
sentei to the winner by Phi! Ryan, the
proprietor of the San Francisco court, had
been arranged to be played in the court
on Sunday afternoon, "April 19. The
match will be the best of live games, and
Tim Suliivan, an old-time player, who is
unacquainted with either Bonnet or Har
low, has been selected as the judge and
scorer. Each player has many supporters
and a good deal" of rnonev will change
hands on the result. I*, will be one of the
best games ever played on the coast.
Following were the games played in the
San Francisco court yesterday:
R. Shea and G. McDonald played M. McNeil
and J. RO'lgers. und cacti side won a rub. J.
White and M. Edward* defeated P. Regan and
R. Murphy, 21—11, 10—21, 21—17. J. Kelson
defeated W. Williams, 21— 12,21— 9. Aus
tin Hendryand J. Slattery defeated P. Hutchin
son and J. Collins. 21—11, 19—21, 21—16.
= J. Callopy and W. Callahan defeated J. Sulli
van and M. Brady, 21— 6—21, 21—12.
P. Hutchinson and J. Nelson defeated J. Slat
t^ry and P. Kellv, 21—12, 21-8, 13—21,
21—17.
T. F. Bonnet and J. Lawler defeated P. T.
Donnelly, the ameteur champion. . and G.
Uutchinson. 5-21, 21— IS, 21—19, 21—12.
TO HUNT FOR A
GUANO ISLAND
Money Being Subscribed to
Fit Out a Southern
Expedition.
FOUND EIGHT YEARS AGO
The Discoverer Had No Idea
That the Repulsive Stuff
Was Valuable.
CERTAIN HE CAN LOCATE IT.
The Project Hcs Commended Itself
to Oaklanders, Who Have Started
a Stock Company.
Captain Fowler of Oakland is interest
in? investors in a project to tit out a vessel
to locate a guano island that was discov
ered eight years ago. His scheme is suf
ficiently feasible to induce shrewd men to
make an investment, as is proved by the
signatures attached to the prospectus.
"Eight years ago." said Captain Fowler,
"the master of a vessel owned by J. D.
Spreckels was sent to Ciipperton Island to
load guano. When he got there he was
surprised to see the nature of his cargo,
and recollected that on a former voyage
he liad seen a large island of the same
stuff, but had not known of its value and
had not given it a secon<J thought.
"Ever since then he has been sailing ana
is at present on a voyage, but when he re
turns, if we are ready, he will fit out a
vessel ana will at once go and lo
cate tbe island, the position of which
he says he is absolutely certain of.
1 have carefully investigated this
matter, and as I am a pioneer of fifty
years' experience I claim to know what I
am doing. When this island was discov
ered the captain was hunting for otter and
landed merely to inspect the island. The
fumes of the phosphate were so strong as
to interfere with breatbine, but he had no
idea what a mine of wealth be had
found."
The announcement is as follows:
Prospectus oi syndicate to be formed for the
purpose of fitting out an expedition to locate
a guano island, which is known to exist, and
then to iorm a company to work the island
and sell its product.
The island in question was discovered eight
years ago. According to the description of the
discoverar— a well-known sea captain of sjood
repute and standing— the island is about three
miles in length. Its width he could not de
termine at the time, owing to the obstacles of
millions of birds. Besides, he was noi. aware
then of the commercial value of guano, and
thought it useless to further inspect the
islaad or to have nis discovery recorded at the
Kydrographic Office and put on the chart.
The location of the island being in a tropical
rerion. there is no doubt but that the immense
| quantities of gnano which the captain ascer
i tamed it contained are what is called am
; monical guano, which commands the highest
i price in the market.
Tne captain's proposition is to charter a
small vessel, sail to the island, locate the same
iD proper shape, and then to bring back a
sample lot of guano of about 50 or 100 tons.
Such a trial quantity would be sufficient for
Bending to Europe in order to close contracts
for regular shipments.
The price of guano in Europe ranges from
$15 to $25 a ton, according to quality, and
contracts for 10,000 to 30,000 tons can be
readily closed by the promoters of the syndi
cate. The present freicnt rate by sail to
Europe is irom fo to f6 a ton. Owing to the
favorable location vi the island, any large
vessel can anchor there, and the cost of putting
the guano on board will be very tmaii, thus
leaving a large margin for profit.
Acj^rJing to the captain's estimate, the re
quired capital to make the necessary expe
dition will be about $1-00, and he expects to
receive 55.000 shares of stock in the com
pany with 100,000 shares, which it is pro
posed to incorporate as soon as the above pre
liminaries have besjn accomplished.
Of the remaining 45,000 shares the intention
is to set aside 15,000 shares as treasury stock,
to be sold at $1 per share or more, as the com
pany may elect, while the balance of 30,000
shares will be divided pro rata among the sub
scribers to the syndicate.
It is distinctly understood that parties sub
scribing to the syndicate will not be required
to pay the amount signed for until the entire
$1200 will have been raised. They will then
pay the amount of their subscription to one of
the members of the syndicate, elected by
them, which latter will pay out the money for
the above-mentioned purpose of an expedi
tion, preliminary to an incorporation oi a com
pany.
The following gentlemen have signed the
prospectus and have agreed to pay the amount
of shares accompanying their names: Dr.
Boyce $100, 2500 shares; Joseph Mcßoyle
$100, 2500 shares; Frederick Starr $ 100, 2500
shaies; C. B. Greene $ 100, 2500 shares.
Captain James E. Fowler is one of the
best-known pioneers in the State. He
came to California in August, 1849, in the
old packet Brooklyn. A few years ago
he presented the California Society of Pio
neers with the old bell of the ship Ton
quin that foundered in San Francisco har
bor in 1849. Mr. Fowler bought the bell,
and for many years it was used on his
ranch as a time bell. It is now in the Pio
neer building.
SYMPATHY FOR STRIKERS.
American Branch cf Socialist* Hear a
Lecture by Morrisuu I. Swift.
The second lecture of the liberal social
ism course was given last evening by Mor
rison I. Swift at Kohler & Chase Hall. The
subject treated was, "Where and How the
WeaJtn of the Country Goes." The speaker
rirst presented a memorial of the Califor
nia Anti-Immigration Board, which was
indorsed by a vote of the meeting.
The lecturer cited a French writer who
has computed the power of interest to
absorb wealtu, and who finds that $20 ac
cumulating at 5 per cent compound inter
est for seven centuries would be sufficient
to buy the whole surface of the globe, both
land and water, at the rate of about $16,000
an acre; or, estimating the entire wealth
ol tne globe at four hundred billion
dollars, this vast sum would have to be
multiplied 30,000 times before we reached
the total to which $20 at 5 per cent com
pound interest forTOO years would amount.
This shows how interest, with its part
ner?, dividends and rents, eats into the
product of iabor, and leaves the laborer in
practical penury, interest is a far more
terrible instrument of robbery and de
struction than the sword. Of course we
can build up millionaires so long as capi
tal claims the right to draw dividends at
the rate of 6 or 10 or 100 per cent out of
labor.
The wealth of the United States is about
170,000,000,000, and it is estimated that
u.ree-iourths of this is owned by 250,000
peopie. Nearly 4,000,000 men would have to
work ail the time, Sundays included, to
supply the interest on this sum at ordi
nary wages, and they would be able to
consume nothing themselves.
At the close of the evening the* lecturer
introduced the following resolution in be
half of the striking workmen of San Fran
cisco, which was approved by the au
dience:
WHF.REA3, Trade unions are liberal in spirit
and nece=sary for the purpose of sustaining to
some extent the independence of laboring men
against combined capital,
Baohftd, That we favor the building trades'
strike 111 this City, and will wear a white rib
bon to show our sympathy; that we recom
mend to other sympathizers to wear such an
emblem, and that our influence will be ased
to deter ciiizens from employing the firms
which refuse to recognize the "perfectly equit
able demands of the strikers.
HERE ON A BRIDAL TRIP
Moran, Minister of War of Sal
vador, Making an Ex
tended Tour.
New Public Buildings, the Materials
for Which Are to Be Bcurht
in This City.
Norberto Moran, Minister of War of the
republic of Salvador, now on a lengthy
wedding trip, which will include a five
months' tour of Europe, is at the Palace
Hotel, where he and his bride will stay
until the end of this week, when they will
start for New York.
Mr. Moran's visit to San Francisco, to be
followed by a stop here several nionthf
hence on his way home, while primarily
for pleasure, is not entirely so. He i 3
spending his time in observing carefully
the more important commercial interests
of this City, and his visits to the Union
Iron Works may mean that tbe little Cen
tral American republic purposes, alone
with many other contemplated innova
tions due to the new administration, to
build a modern ironclfd. The Minister of
War did not deny this, but said that his
position made it necessary that he should
not speaK of such matters"
As to other Government improvements
now practically under way, he spoke more
fuliy.
San Salvador, the capital of Salvador, a
city of 40,000 inhabitants, is soon to begin
work upon a pavilion to be constructed"^
iron and concrete, all tbe materials for
which will be obtained in San Francisco.
Shea & Shpa, local architects, have already
submitted various plans for the exterior
finishings. The municipality will erect
four or live modern scboolhouses during
the present year, $200,000 having been re
cently appropriated for such public build-
As material necessary for thoroughly
modern buildings are very scarce in Sal
vador it is probable that San Francisco
will profit by these improvements also.
In addition to the school buildings for
the capital city many others will be put
up throughout the country. The sum Oi
$100 000 a year for three years at least is to
be spent on school buildings, which are to
be after the most improved designs, com
bining scientific ventilation and top lights.
Heretofore old dwelling-houses and build
ings of various styles of more or less prim
itive accommodations have been used for
The Government school system consists
of a university, attended by 295 students,
several colleges, with a total enrollment of
1800, and 891 primary schools, having 58,
--000 children in attendance.
HAVE BARRED THE WAY.
Belvedere Land Company Makes
Things Annoying for
Residents.
Gates Thrown Across the Road That
Are Only Opened to a
Favored Few.
The residents of Belvedere and Tiburon
held an enthusiastic meeting last evening
to devise ways and means for securing a
bridge across the lagoon back of Tiburon,
wbicn will include a floodgate.
The meeting was called to order by Pres
ident V. J. A. Key, and although the
weather was very unsettled, there was a
large attendance.
All present were of the opinion that a
floodgate should be placed at the end of
the lngoon, and a committee of five — Peter
Dean. Thomas E. Haven, A. Coil Jr., J.
O'Conneil and Commodore Pugh, chair
man — were appointed to wait on the Board
of Supervisors and lay the matter before
them at their next regular meeting.
In speaking of the matter yesterday one
of the citizens voiced his opinion as fol
lows: "We need the floodgate very miicb.
You see, when the tide is out, the lagooa
is one bare mass of a soft ooze, from
which arises a most unpleasant odor that
pervades the atmosphere, and when the
wind blows is wafted over the whole com
munity, which becomes unbearable at
times." By having this floodgate we could
keep from" five to six feet of water in the
lagoon at ail times, making it practically
an inclosed late.
The action of the Belvedere Land Com
pany in placing a gate across the roadway
leading up to the residences of Belvedere
is causing a great deal of annoyance to the
merchants of TiDuron.
The Belvedere Land Company con
structed a road along the east side of Bel
vedere when the town was being first
built and have claimed it as a private
roadway ever since. When a team cornea
along, if the gatekeeper, who is the book
keeper of the company, don't feel disposed
to ailow it to pass through he shuts the
gate and is deaf to all entreaties to open it.
The road is on the map of Belvedere and
is known as the Beach road. The people
claim that it is a public highway, and
when the gate is kept closed those who
have nerve enough simply go through by
force. Tms is what the constable of Tibu
ron, Jack Maher, did the other day when
refused to be allowed to haul a load of
household goods up to one of the resi
dences.
Charles Puth, the contractor who built
most of the houses in Belvedere, hah, it is
.said, cut the whol« gate structure down
several times when the gate was not open
for his tearus.
Dr. Frink, whose business is in this City
and who lives in Belvedere, is compelled to
drive two miles out of his way to reach his
home as the gate is always closed against
him. I
The residents of the hill say it 13 simply
a case of monopolizing trade on the pars
of the land company. They have a milk
route among the residents and it seems are
trying to freeze all others oat of the milk
business.
The company will only allow certain
teams to pass through and dealers who are
not among the favored few are compelled
to go a roundabout way to reach their cus
tomers.
Attempted iuieide at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 5.— W. R.
Roberts of the firm of Ward A: Roberts,
merchant tailor?, swallowed a portion of
the contents of a vial of laudanum last
night. Despondency over business mat
ters was the probable cause. Roberts is in
a critical condition, but hid physicians are
hopeful of his recovery.
Visnlia Robbers Secure, Countel.
ViSALIA, Cal., April s.— General K:t
trell has been retained to defend Si Lot
ern, Charles Ardell and their accomplices,
arrested for alleged complicity in tna at
tempted train nold-up near Goshen on
March 13. The preliminary examinauou
has been set for April 9.
.4 t-xiuited- JNeur Folaotn.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April s.— Five
tramps to-day beat and robbed an elderly
sheep shearer named John Harrisgton
near FoJsom. They were all arrested and
will be examined to-morrow.
Quick Belief from CBocf and Whooping
Cough Is afforded by Dr. X). Jayne's Exp«c:or*ati
the old family stand-by for Coughs cad Col Pal
moDsry and Bronchial affection*,THE EVOLUTION
OF PATRIOTISM.
Donald M. Ross Finds Fault
With the Church of
Rome.
CATHOLICS AND POLITICS
Claim Made That Father Yorke
Instructed for Certain
Candidates.
TEXT OF A TELEGRAM READ.
Priests Saii to Have Been Ordered
to Work for th» Defeat of
A. P. A. Men.
Rainy weather tended to make the at
tendance at the good citizenship meeting
yesterday at Metropolitan Temple some
what less than it has been for many
■weeks. The attractions of Easter services
at the various churches also probably
tended to interfere with the usually large
attendance.
After briefly referrine to the diminished
nu mber of auditors. Chairman Quitzow
raid :
We are still pursuing our course and shall
continue to do so as long as there is an enemy
to combat, and we hope eventually to make
ibese enemies our friends. I am sure they
will be our friends when they realize what we
are trying 10 do for them — release them from
one of the worst tyranies ever attempted in
this country; then we shall have a united
country and one In which all will be joined
under one flag to work for tl;e best interests of
the country.
Rev. Donald M. Ross led in prayer and
also made the address of the day, taking
a? his. them "Evolution of Patriotism."
Before Mr. Ross began his address Chair
man Quitzow called attention to the exist
ence of the North American Turn Yerein,
which, he explained, was a German organ
ization to which no one could belong who
■was not a citizen or who had not de
ciare 1 his intention to become a
citizen. It even went further in its
patriotism, he stated, for if a member was
five years in this country and had failed to
become a citizen he was expelled from the
society, unless he gave some satisfactory
explanation of his action.
"Isn't that A. P. A-ism ?" concluded Mr.
Quitzow. "So you see, we ha\'e an able
auxiliary in this society. They do not call
themselves German-Americans, but simply
plain Americans."
Immediately preceding the address of
the afternoon there were some excellently
rendered patriotic selections by Mearn's
orchestra, an innovation in the musical
programme that met with approval from
the audience.
Heart}- applause greeted the appearance
of Rev. Donald M. Ross. He spoke as
follows*
Mr. •hairman and Friends: Before I began
the study and preparation of my address, I
looked up in the dictionary the meaning of the
word 'patriotism." That word, I found, meant
a gocd deal. It means beyond everything else
an intense love of country. No man can be
patriotic who Is not honorable and honest.
Now, I am going to show that certain people
holdine certain ideas cannot be patriotic. Men
who are selfish cannot be patriotic. Tne
country can go to the dogs so far aa some men
are concerned if his interests are at stake.
I harp just iaid before you the groundwork
on which I am going to proceed. Unless a
man society of men are prepared to lay aside
their i"> % uliar interests they are not patriots.
And I nm going to tell you In plain language
thai the teachings of the Roman Catholic
cirarcb are such that a man cannot be a Roman
Catholic and a patriot at the same time. I do
not ivi?h to place any of this blame on the
laymen. They are controlled by some holding
a whiphand over them. And this whlphand
is held by the Roman Catholic church, and the
whip is purgatory.
Mr. Ross chareed that the Catholic
priest? controlled the voting power of all
communicant?. He then read a teleeram
which he said was sent by Father Yorke
on November 5, previous to the last elec
tion, to all the priests in Northern and
Southern California in the name of the
Monitor Publishing Company. He added
that he would omit the name? mentioned
a this telegram, but would make them
pnbtk later, just previous to election. He
explained that these men now held re
sponsible positions; that all were Protes
tants, and that two were Democrats and
two Republican-?. The telegram was then
read. It was as follows:
Work for [here came the names which the
■peaker declined to mention] for Judge, Sen
ator and Railroad Commissioners. Vote and
work for these men, They have been placed
on the ticket to defeat the A. P. A. Circulate
widely.
Commenting on this, the speatcer con
tinued :
And this was circulated widely by the faith
ful. Two or three of us have the originals of
these telegrams. And I say it is impossible for
the men who do these things and who obey
euch instructions to be patriotic.
With such things being done at every elec
tion, the Catholic church should be compelled
to take itself out of politics or we never will
liave a free vote and a fair election. We must
apply a drastic remedy. We must give them
the choice of stopping these things absolutely
or go to County Galway, Ireland.
The speaker then referred to certain
passages in what he declared was an au
thentic Catholic book, wherein all marri
riages not performed by a Catholic priest
were declared to be no marriages at all.
He then said :
They hare asked me for proofs of what I have
claimed to learn from Catholic works before,
but I guess they will quit now asking for
proofs. I am not to blame for these disclosures
against the Catholic church. Father Yorke is
the man who should be blamed. He defied me
and I simply accepted his challenge, with the
results already known. And I propose to ring
the changes on these teachings for the next
forty years, if I am able to do «o and it is neces
sary. How can a man who promulgates
and the man who believes such an
iniquitous thing as this regarding mar
riage be a patriot? Can a man who
looks upon a I'rotestant home in this country
as a house of prostitution be a patriot? I can
not believe that the Catholic laymen want to
take this view, but they are forced to believe
in it by their priests.
As an instance of the result of these
teachings he related an incident which he
paid transpired in Judge Campbell's court.
A Catholic woman had been arrested for
calling a Protestant married woman a vile
name. For this the offender was fined
|10. "Her only defense," the speaker said
'•was that the church had said so and that
the priests tell the parishioners that this
is so."
He neit referred to one of the teachings
in the "Elements of Ecclesiastical Law,"
which stated that a Catholic priest of bad
morals might be removed to another par
ish provided his character was not known
in the n«w parish. He said such an in
stance had occurred in the case of Rev. R.
Becker, who was formerly at Fresno, and
who had been tried and convicted before
Archbishop Riordan and who was then
removed to Marquette, Mich.
When Father Yorke was asked about this
man he declnred he was before his God, and
that we were ghouls walking among the tombs,
and that we did uot dare face and tight the
living. But we knew we were not ghouls
among the tombs. We sent a letter, through a
Catholic, to the Archbishop of the diocese in
which we knew Fattier Becker was then at
work, and a reply was received stating exactly
where he was. And so we proved Fitther
\orke to be the liar that we hnd long thought
he was. It is well that he is in Southern Cali
fornia, and U I were he I should be nshHraea to
set foot again in San Francisco, where I had
been shown so conclusively to be a liar.
He then pictured the death of a Pro
testant in one of the Catholic countries of
South America and the consequence of
this law, which he called "a boycott on
the dead and the living."
He also read from the same work simi
lar prohibitions against Catholic inter
course with excommunicants and said
that those who promulgated such laws
and those who obeyed them were equally
unrit to be patriotic. In conclusion he
declared: "Only in Protestantism, which
assens that a man is a man, can patriot
ism be found. You cannot have patriot
ism in a man who has as many strings to
him as a Catholic has, and we should do
everything in our power to rise above the
condition that makes such a thing as this
possible."
DR. YORK'S LECTURE.
What Is the Meaning of Life From
the Standpoint of the Free
thinker?
Dr. J. L. York addressed a large audience
at Scottish Hall last evening on "The Sci
ence of Life, and What Do We Live For?"
He said:
The question in our text is readily solved by
popular theology, and answered by the state
ment that we live to glorify God and the salva
tion of our souls from punishment in a future
state. But standpoint i 9 everything in the
discussion of life, human duty" and destiny.
And up to date we have no absolute knowledge
of any other world or any better liie than the
present life. And being perhaps so unfortu
nate in this regard, we must look at this world
in the best light afforded by this world, and
are most happy in the thought that the best
probable preparation for another life must be
found in the wisest and best use of this life.
Reason, experience and natural science tells
us that our life is a part of all other life and
subject to the same divine law, and that to
reach the best results In this life implies obedi
ence to the laws of our physical, mental nnd
moral being. And what we live for should be
the true development of all powers and facul
ties with which nature, in her plenitude,
has endowed us. Human life is full of prob
lems and open questions.
We are glad at the solution of every problem,
and yet, problems and queries are the intel
lectual miser's stock in trade, and to guess, an
ticipate and theorize pleases us almost as well
as to tind out the riddle, and as a rule our first
conception equals in plensure any verification
or after explanation. All settled questions are
the stern realities, like the granite blocks upon
which we buiid the house. All open questions
are like windows in the house, which let in the
sunlight of heaven, and through which we
catch a glimpse of the landscape beyond.
Human souls, like ships, were not made to
anchor or be tied up to rot at the wharf, but
were made to sail from island to continent
of thought. Animal life is simply motion;
mental life is thinking, and to think higher,
deeper, broader and purer thought is true
advancement and progressive life.
.The life of our Republic depends not so
much upon her commercial enterprise and
wealth i:i the hands of the few as upon hon
esty, intelligence and well-paid labor among
the masses. How to get r;ch ? Young men,
don't try too hard to become rich, as wealth
makes most men mean and penurious. All
that a man needs to get lirh is to study
meanness, grab everything and hold on to it;
and the more they get the more they want
and meaner they get, as the undue cultiva
tion of acquisitiveness, the hog side of our na
ture, burns out all of the nobler qualities of
manhood and leaves only self, while true char
acter is built up by the cultivation of industry,
honesty and benevolence.
Our claim to live in the world is that -we
share its labor and contribute to its progress.
L. K. Washburn says that if you have talent
for a professional career and wish to serve
your race nobly, be a physician ; if you don't
think much of yourself nor much of any one
else, be a third-rate lawyer; and if you'don't
have any confidence at all in your race, be a
pothouse politician.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Troubles of a Codfishing
Schooner and of Her
Officers.
An Easter Storm on the Bay— Total
Loss of the Bark Moioc at
Santa Rosalia.
Easter on the water front was a day of
rain and a brisk wind from the southwest
that stirred up the surface of the bay in
little whitecaps and made the anchored
ships swing around toward the north.
The bark Enoch Talbot tried to get on the
drydock at Main street, but the sea washed
the blocks away and the attempt was a
failure.
The codfishing schooner La Ninfa was
to sail on a cruise yesterday, but did not
get away. The crew were aboard ready to
turn to. but her officers did not show up.
First Mate Harvey had drawn his advance,
and in his efforts to spend it among the
water-front saloons forgot that his vessel's
anchor was a-weigh and should be off for
the codbanks.
Second Mate Sullivan, very much intox
icated, finally wandered down to Folsom
street wharf yest-rday afternoon and
started to board the schooner. He got in
Henry Peterson's Whitehall boat and suc
ceeded in walking into the bay. He
drifted under the boat and it took four
men to fish him out. He was none the
worse for his ducking and remarked that
he "needed a bath anyway." If the ves
sel can round up some officers she will
sail to-day.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Albert Wil
son and Manuel Cross returned yesterday,
having successfully transported a large
number of black bass, pickerel and gold
perch from Cuyamaca Lake in San Diego
County to the Sacramento River. It is the
object of the commission to stock all the
principal streams with these excellent
food fishes, especially with the black bass,
which will prey upon and thin out the
carp. The deputies will make several
more trips to the south after these fishes.
A dispatch from Captain Munson of the
bark Modoc, now ashore at Santa Rosalia,
states that the vessel will be a total loss.
The tide rises and falls in her hold, show
ing that the hull has been pierced and
badly damaged.
Chief Crowlev received a dispatch on
Saturday from Chief Ardrey of La Grande,
Or., to arrest Herman Borchert, a cook,
who was a passenger by the steamer
Queen from Portland. He is wanted for
stealing a bicycle, which he had taken
with him. On the arrival of the steamer
Sergeant Fitzgerald went on board and ar
rested Borchert, who was taken to the
City Prison to await the arrival of an of
ficer to take him back.
When the steamer Corona arrived from
southern ports yesterday morning Pol'ce
roan Con Donahue stepped on board and
arrested Archie Ashton, one of the passen
eers, who is wanted in San Diego for em
r>ezzlement. Chief Crowley notified San
Diego and received a reply that Constable
Marks would leave at once to take back
the prisoner. Ashton is a young man, 21
years of »ge.
Awful good Mitchell's Magic Lotion is for
p&iii or if you get hurt or have aore throat. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6. 1896.
TO DEAL WITH POLITICS
Objects of the New Central
Alliance of Labor Are
Defined.
THE LABOR COUNCIL CRITICIZED
Delegates Impute Personal Motives
to Members of the Old Body.
Constitution Adopted.
The preliminary steps in the permanent
organization of the Trades and Labor Alli
ance were taken at Trades Hall, 1159 Mis
sion street yesterday. When Chairman
Hutchinson called the meeting to order in
the forenoon there were present delegates
from the barbers', woodworkers', cigar
makers', painters', carpenters' Nos. 304, 483
and 22, musicians', cooks' and waiters',
German bakers' and bookbinders' unions.
Communications were received from
Golden Gate Lodge No. 1. Journeymen
Plasterers, and the San Francisco Typo
graphical Union, stating that they did not
see lit to affiliate with the alliance.
After passing on the credentials of dele
gates and hearing the minutes of the pre
vious meeting, the alliance adjourned un
til afternoon. The principal business be
fore the afternoon session was the adop
tion of the constitution. The preamble,
setting forth the need of a central labor or
ganization, which should aid the working
man in the attainment of his just share of
the results of his production, and through
whose medium the masses might be culti
vated in the social and economic sciences,
was passed without dissension.
The objects of the organization were de
clared to be "to guard the rate of waaea
of its constituent bodies, and its ultimate
aim the supplanting of industrial corape
lition and anarchy in production by a
unified system of co-operation on the
basis of cost to the producer." It was also
stated that the organization would dis
cuss social and political questions, watch
measures presented by the different par
ties and by members in the Legislature,
and to use their influence to defeat all
propositions prejudicial to the working
man. In furtherance of this object the
intention of getting the regular issue of
the Congressional Record was expressed.
This section was also passed unanimously.
The question of representation in the
central body occasioned a lengthy dis
cussion and it was finally decided that
each union should have a delegate for
every 100 members and fraction majority
thereof.
The matter of assessment also occa
sioned a spirited discussion. • It was de
cided to fix the dues at $1 per month for
each delegate, this action to be subject to
the necessities of the situation, when the
ultimate strength and expenses of the al
liance can be better estimated.
The section in regard to strikes, as pre
sented by the committee on resolutions,
met with considerable opposition. As
originally drafted it provided that no con
stituent body instituting a strike or boy
cott should receive the moral or financial
support- of the alliance until it had first
consulted that body and the merits of
This Map Shows the Position of Rocks Off Spear-Street Wharf and the Califoi Is
Sugar Refinery and Their Depths Below the Surface at Mean Low Water.
the question had been inquired into.
Henry Meyer and T. F. Burns made earn
est speeches in opposition to this, point
ing out that, strikes to be effective must be
commenced without delay. The force of
this argument was impressed upon the
delegates, and a committee consisting of
T. F. Burns, W. H. Warnecke, Thomas
Lynch. C. F. Schadt and I. Less was ap
puinteu to revise the section. They imme
diately drew up the foilowing, which was
adopted :
All affiliated unions shall govern and control
the affairs of their respective trades. And
should any trade go on a strike or order a boy
cott the alliance shall give such financial and
moral support as a majority vote of the alli
ance shall determine.
Sunday evening was adopted as the regu
lar meeting time of the alliance, and elec
tions will be held in April and October.
A copy of the constitution will be sent to
each union in the City. Those affiliated
with the council will pass upon the consti
tution and suggest such changes as they
see fit. The document will then be referred
back to the central body to take action
upon suggested alterations.
Burns stated that ne would like to see
the central labor organization of this City
united and working harmoniously, if pos
sible. This called forth several speeches,
wherein the delegates severely criticized
the methods and motives of the Labor
Council.
It was voted to have a committee of
three elected, who should appoint as
sistants, and visit every labor union in
the City and explain to them tne objects
of the organization. It was the expressed
hope that many who had been led by
gross misrepresentation to oppose them
could thus be won over.
The following resolution was introduced
by I. Less, and unanimously adopted:
The Trades and Labor Alliance, in meeting
assembled on Sunday, April 5, do indorse the
action taken by the building trades of San
Francisco.
Whekeas, The building trades have made
a just demand for the recognition of
the union and payment of wages where
by they can support themselves and fam
ilies, and whereas, such demands are rea
sonable, fair and to the best interests of all
concerned; therefore be it
Resolved, That the Trades and Labor Alliance,
in meeting assembled, indorse the action of
the building trades in their effort to establish
the working card in i:an Francisco.
The alliance will meet again in the
same place on the evening of the first
Sunday in May.
YOUNG PATRIOTS.
BXeetlng of Deiicendantg of Revolu
tionary Heroes at airs. Kaker't.
The floating of an American flag from
the staff at a residence on the corner of
Washington and Franklin streets on
Saturday afternoon was the occasion of
much comment and conjecture among
pedestrians and people in the vicinity. It
was ascertained that it had been placed
there through the courtesy of Mr?. L. L.
Baker, who hati placed at th<* disposal of
the Valentine Holt Society, Children of the
American Revolution, part of her resi
dence, 1882 Washington street, for it to
hold its monthly meeting in.
Henry Augustus Weihe, 1(3 years of age,
was elected to membership. He is a great
great-great-grandson of General A.ndrew
Ward, who was an officer in tho Conti
nental army from Connecticut.
Ralph W. Wardell, the historian of the
society, read a very interesting paper on
"Washington in His Youth."
Master Harold S. Warren, grandson of
Rev. J. H. Warren, D.D., of this City, was
instructed to prepare a paper on the his
tory of the American flag, to be read at a
future meeting.
The meeting was brought to a close with
the singing of "America" and a aalute to
the flag.
PENETRATED RAIN DROPS
Nevertheless the Crack Shots at
Schuetzen Park Found
the Black.
SPLENDID SCORES TALLIED.
The Bad Weather D;d Not Damprn
the Enthusiasm at the
Spring Festival.
The annual sprine festival of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club was not held under
blue spring skies. Nevertheless the shoot
ing stalls were kept warm all day long by
enthusiastic marksmen, competitors for the
splendid prizes of cash and of jewelry and
silverware.
Sights were taken through the rain
drops and red flags were waved afterward.
The light was far from being perfect,
while the black on the targets showed
dimly through a mist that lasted all day
long. The weather had no depressing in
fluence on the crack shots; they held their
usual nerve in their arms steadier, and
centers and high scores were jotted down
without number.
Genial Captain Fred Schutnan had made
extensive preparations, looking for sun
shine and quiet air. The band that was to
play for the dancing in the pavilion was
tbe only disheartened one. The wind
blew, but the band blew not, neitheron the
French horn nor the trombone. So the
continual cracking of the rifles was the
only music, and the musicians went home
on the early afternoon boat.
Forty prizes, amounting in the aggre
gate to $275, were awarded, and honorary
prizes consisting of jewelry, silverware and
household articles to the amount of $1000.
Shooting began at 9:30 a. m., lasting
until (i r. m. During the dinner Dr. Muffe,
president of the club, made a brief address,
in the course of which he alluded to the
value of markmanship, saying it was
worthy of much encouragement. He also
congratulated the club for its high stand
ing in the world for marksmanship, and
exhorted the members to keep their repu
tation as high as it had been.
Among the celebrated shots present
were:
Philo .Tacoby, the conductor and leading
spirit of the contest; Fred Kunhle, the
well-known marksman of Petaluma;
Sogommer of Vienna, Austria, who has
done noted work in that city; Adolph
Strncker, President Dr. Muffe, John
Uischiir, James Dornbiere and Shooting
master T. J. Carroll, who holds the world's
record for a 99 score out of a possible 100.
The event of the day was the scoring of
74 out of a possible 75 by James Dornbiere
and 11. 11. Burfeind. The victory was
awarded Burieind, his shots averaging the
highest.
This is the first instance, with one excep
tion, that a score of 74 has been made in
eight years. The exception being the score
of George Y. Helm during the shoot of the
Midwinter Fair.
A. Khrenpfort early in the afternoon
made 94 on a ring target for the honorary
prize. This score was worked hard against
all the aiternoon. P. Attinger startcl in
with big points, but fell off on the last
shot. It remained for L. O. Rogers to
onie second service.
l'rizes were awarded to the following in
their respective order: Cash, ring target,
four shots — A. Eiirenpfort 94, L. O. Rogers
03, P, Attinger 96, John Utschig 92, 1). W.
McLiiughliu 92, N« Ahrens 91 and John
Gefken 91.
Honorary, ring target, three shots — H.
H. Burfeind 74, James Dornbiere 74,
Adoph Strucker 71, Captain P. A. Kuhnle
1. John Utschig 70, D. W. McLaughliu 70,
N. Ahrens 70, A. Gehret 70, E. Ladd t>9, W.
Glinndei mann 63, D. B. Faktor6B.
John Utschig won a hondsome silver
goblet, donated by A. L. Ott, for the best
five tickets in each class.
A ?5 hat was the press prize, the com
petitors being Jessen 48 points, Naffen
bach 32, Parker 31.
The lirst bullseye of the morning was
yon by John Gefken, rirst twenty-five by
Captain F. Kuhnle, last bullseye by D. \V.
McLaughlin; the first bullseye of the
afternoon by P. Attinger and the last
bullseye by T. J. Carroii, who scored two
in succession.
Owing to the failure of the picnic, caused
by the rain, Captain Schuman stated tnat
a grand opening picnic would be held at
the park some time during the month of
May.
THE TRAP-SHOOTERS.
Shotgun Enthusiasts Break Bluerocks
and Kill Pigeons in the Rain.
The rain poured in torrents yesterday
at the Oakland race track, but the bad
weather did not keep the shotgun sharps
away from the traps. A good representa
tion of three gun clubs were present, but
for all that nearly every man was wot to
the skin before the day was over. Some re
markable good records were made.
The most important was a 100-shot
match at inanimate targets at unknown
angles. It was open to all comers. The
entrance fee was $.">, and ten of the best
shots entered the list. Feudner came to
the front with 90 breaks out of a possible
100. He took first money, $25, and Fan
ning took second, $l. r >, on 94, and Webb
third money, $10, on 89. The record made
by Feudner beats ihat made by Fox in
Visalia last week by one point and
smashes the coast record.
The members of the Olympic Gun Club
were in great glee because the three
high men are members of that organiza
tion. Following are the scores made in
runs of 25 and totals:
Fendner 24 25 24 23—98
Fanning . 21 24 25 24—94
Webb. 43 24 22 20—89
Naiiman... 17 18 11 21—67
Jlaisht.. 24 20 17 —77
Flicklncer 23 22 22 24-91
Jackson.. 17 17 23 19—
Foster 15 20 24 21—80
Andrus..... 22 19 111 19-70
Hughe5.......... ....:... ......20 21 19 18—78
The Olympic Gun Club's monthly medal
shoot resulttd in the following scores:
Jackson 19, Perroni 9, E. Feudner 12, Allen
21, White 22, Owens 15. O. 1-eudner 21, Fan
ning 24, AVebb 21, Nauman 21, Haighi 20,
Vernon 18, Hughes 21.
The Electric Gun Club's monthly medal
scores stood :
Slnde 22, i'orster 18, Price 13, Clabrough 8,
Joe 7.
On the same grounds the California
Wing Shooting Club held its regular live
bird shoot for medals and cash prizes.
Webb won the medal and first cash prize
of $10 by killing all twelve birds. Robinson,
Feudner, Nauraan and Fanning divided
the remainder of the cash prizes on eleven
kills. Messrs. Dai*y, Hushes and John
son shot as guests of the club. The scores
stood :
Robinson 11, Horning 8, Slade 9, Feudner 11,
Roos 9, Naumnn 11. Fanning 11, Fay 7, *Daisy
«. Haight 10, *Hughess, Andrews 9, Vernon
G,Mohnson9, Webb 12.
After the club match several six-bird
final matches were shot, the scores of the
two principal ones being as follows:
Robinson 5. *McMurchy 6, Slade 5, Horning
4, Sherwood 4, Johnson 4.
•Robinson 6, McMurchy 5, Slade 5, Horning
4, Johnson 4.
At Shell Mound Park.
For tfnce at least the rain kept the rifle
shooters away from the Shell Mound range.
The principal club there yesterday was the
Deutscher Krieger Verein, which held its
monthly medal shoot. The scores and win
ners were as follows:
Cnampion class, F. Kaiser, 322 rings; first
class, C. Weggenman, 323 rings; third class,
D. Oltjen, 277 rings; first best shot, Ritzen
thaler, 23; last best shot, C. Weggenman, 24.
The Independent Rifles were to have
held their regular monthly medal shoot,
but only three men cared to face the rain.
Their scores were: H. Frederickson 6, H.
Beversen 32, A. Beckman 18.
THAT DICTIONARY AGAIN.
The Former Successful Distribution Re
opened for Six Days Only.
When the Pacific Coast Newspaper Syn
dicate recently inaugurated its distribu
tion of the Encyclopaedic Dictionary at a
very low price and on exceptionally easy
terms a double object was accomplished.
The public (500 of them in that case) se
cured a valuable reference library at a
nominal cost, while the Syndicate, through
its sagacious move, obtained a widespread
and favorable publicity for the wort, which
in any other way would not have been
brought about except at the cost of much
time and money.
Although the original distribution was
remarkably successful and highly appre
ciated the limited number of sets dis
tributed did not begin to cover the coast,
especially more remote towns and com
munities.
These wanted the work, and the Syndi
cate wanted one or more sets thus placed,
so that those who possessed it could be re
ferred to regarding its utility and worth.
As a result, and in response to very
many requests, the distribution has been
reopened for one week only, closing on
Saturday evening next, April 11.
Every one, both in and out of the city,
•who applies during that time will be sup
plied witn the work at the same low price
and on the same easy terms which pre
vailed during the first distribution, but
after this week the volumes cannot be
secured excent at the regular subscription
price, which will be from $42 to $70 per Bet,
according to binding.
It must not be supposed forone moment
that this is a cheap dictionary. Not only
is it a superior work in its editorship and
from a literary point of view, but it is me
chanically perfect.
Antrim is said to have been made a
county in the reign of Edward 11. although
it was Ions; after that the English power
was established there. The name is de
rived from the chief town, "Aon," excel
lent, and "Druim," a hill, the handsome
hill. The McDonnells, McGeeq, and Mc-
Quillans were the chief clans.
WmW I;
Say you have a Summer vacation ; say you
have a Summer girl — how about your Sum-
mer Suit ? Better get the suit first, and the
rest follows as a matter of course. You will
be perfectly irresistible in one of our invisi-
ble plaids or checks. We've the most com-
plete line of the latest things in Cassimeres,
Worsteds and Scotch Tweeds ever brought
to this Coast. We are making these goods,
all. of the latest designs, into SWELL
SUITS at ridiculous prices, ranging from
ten to twenty dollars.
These Suits are made to your order by
the best tailors money can secure ; we guar-
antee fit, workmanship and trimmings to
equal the work of any.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
OUR ONLY BRANCH in S.F.isat2ll p- A ■* 11 it A ni/r>T r\Ti
Montgomery st. Beware of firms ira- h4I MARK FT JsT
itating our name and methods. V-»*Tl ifinillXJU 1 O 1 ■
\AynJ vmmjiA, mm/
WHEN you are seeking a cure for some ailment that is sap-
ping your very life away you naturally look for a remedy
which is highly recommended by persons who have tried it. If
you see the testimony of some indefinite, unknown person you
are skeptical as to its honesty, because you don't know the person
and you can't take chances on somebody you never heard of.
But when a man whose friends are the leading men of the State,
a merchant who is known and . respected by all men in business,
who is known by everybody within a radius of twenty miles of
where he lives ; when you see : the testimony vof such a man you
cannot dispute nor deny its truth. Such a man is Mr. L. L.
Jaccard, Jeweler, San Leandro, Cal., and this is what he sayf
about his cure by ' . . ■ * ■
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt:
__ oivnT , vT " SAN LEANDRO, Ca!., December 14, 1895.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: As many of my friends and other people have
asked me as to the truth of my statement given to you some time ago about my cure
of varicocele and weakness by your Belt, I have taken great pleasure in assuring them
that it is so, every word of it. lam cured of my varicocele, and also of the weakness
which it caused, and lam sure my cure is permanent, for I am 49 years of age, and
when a roan can feel as strong— as well— as Ido now, after sufferine for twenty-six
years from such a trouble as I had, the cure must be permanent. Nothing but pure
gratitude to you and my desire to help my fellow-man prompts the use of my name in
this manner. I will never tire of recommending your Belt. Yours gratefully,
; > L,. L. JAC CARD.
"Cures While You Sleep."
For all manner of weakness Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is
the most certain cure. For Varicocele— that insidious disease
which saps the vital power from men — it is an absolute and the
only cure. The book, "Three Classes of Men," should be read
by every man 1 who is weak. ■It is free. Call and test this won-
derful Belt. A regular practicing physician of thirty years' ex-
perience can be consulted here free of charge. When medicines
can be used they will be given free with the Belt.
SAixriJiEixr electhic co.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
' Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 F. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
— — OFFICES AT— '
LOS ANGELES. CAL. : - -;:| :"'- PORTLAND, OR.
£04 South Broadway. 1 255 Washington itretfe
A DANGER TO NAVIGATION
Locating Rocks in Mission Bay
That Are a Menace to
Shipping.
THREE NEW ONES ARE B (TOTED
One of them Was Discovered by
Captain Dave Shaw of the
Tug Redmond.
For some time past Lieutenant James H.
Sears of the United States navy has been
at work locating rocks in Mission Bay.
He has had the Coast and Geodetic Survey
steamer McArthur at his disposal, and the
work has been done in a thoroughly sys
tematic manner.
As a result or Lieutenant Sears'observa
tions two new rocks off Spear-street
wharf have been located and buoyed, and
another one off the California Sugar Re
finery will be known to mariners in future.
It is the most dangerous of the trio, as
there is only 15 feet H inches of water on it
at mean low water. It was first discovered
by Captain Dave Shaw of the Shipowners
and Merchants' Towboat Company, and he
reported the matter to the Coast and
Geodetic Survey. Lieutenant Sears made
an examination, and at once buoyed the
dangerous spot.
The rocks off Spear-street wharf have 26
feet 5 inches and 28 feet of water on them
at low tide, and their position is well de
fined. They are close inshore, and it is a
wonder that some ship has not found them
out before this. The bay is now being
thorougnly searched for hidden dangers,
and it is only a question of time when it
will be one of the best-buoyed harbors in
the world.
During the Franco- Prussian war the
cost to the French nation of each Prussian
killed was £20,000.
NEW TO-DAT.
56
She . (fall
g ' ■
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATeS-PosUge Free:
Tally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15 I
Dfclly and Sunday Call, one year, by mall .... 6.00 !
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by malL. 8.00 ■
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50 !
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- ' .89 j
Bnnday Call, one year, by mail 1.80 j
Wicks.lv Call, one year, by mall •••• 140 j
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1168
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
r«!epn«M Malß-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
SO Montgomery street, corner Clay: «pea aaW
940 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lukla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; ope»
•ntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
118 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE I
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New Y«fk City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent
MONDAY. APRIL 6, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
In South Africa tramps are called
"wasters," and that is just about what
they are.
All of our Eastern exchanges are begin
ning to speak of spring with a profound
pessimism.
However the House may act to-day on
the Cuban question the debate on it will
never end until Cuba is free.
England was careful to make no ad
vances to Soudan until she had made sure
Egypt would guarantee the bilL
Georgia reports prospects of the biggest
peach croD she has ever had, but she
hasn't got it across her frost line yet.
A Republican administration promises
no millennium, but in comparison with
tLat of Cleveland it will seem like one.
It is hardly necessary for the Junta to
practice steps for Lanigan's ball, as Rainey
will make the gang dance when he comes
home.
If Democracy can do nothing else with
its Presidential nomination it raiebt make
a bond issue of it and get Morgan to
take it.
It is evident from the Eastern weather
reports that too many poets over in that
Eection have been writing "Hail, geatle
spring."
Judging from the tone of the papers of
the State, Texas is liable to co for the Pop
ulists this year with the intention of stay
ing with them.
If Russia is permitted to mate the trea
ties she wishes with Turkey and China she
will not care much who gets Europe or
who pays the bill.
Up to date Carlisle has not declined to
bo a Presidential candidate, and probably
thinks that as good a way to retire from
politics as any other.
Massachusetts is surprised to find how
solid she is for Tom Reed, and, according
to the Boston Journal, she has never be
fore known such unanimity.
Trade has not revived as rapidly with
the spring as was expected, Lut consider
ing the dose Democracy gavo it the signs
of recovery are quite cneering.
If there were the slightest possibility of
an crSce in the Democratic Presidential
nomination it would not have to take to
the woods in search of a man.
If the European war rumors were traced
to their source they might be found to
originate in the literary bureau of a eyndi
cate trying to boom the lead market.
To understand the Democratic situation
thoroughly it must be borne in mind that
the party is as badly off for platform
planks as it is for Presidential timber.
If tne thirty years of Republican su
premacy had not established the credit of
the country on a firm foundation, four
years of Democracy would have ruined it
utterly.
Celebrating the birthday of Jefferson for
the purpose of arousing enthusiasm for
Che Cleveland administration is the most
futile denradation of a noble thought to
an ignoble end that even Democracy was
ever guilty of.
Three years of Democratic government
have given us a bad tariff, an insolvent
treasury ■ a growing debt and a disordered
currency, so it is not to be wondered that
tbe chief cry of the campaign will be "turn
the fools out.'
There may not be fall freedom of the
press in .Russia, but as the St. Petersburg
Vicdotmotti has been permitted to call the
British in Africa '"bloodthirsty civilizers"
it is evident that language in that country
is not altogether restricted.
The Raines liquor law will throw a good
many bartenders out of employment in
New York, but it is believed compensation
will be found in the fact that the enforce
ment oi the measure will require enough
»j>ecial agents to give tiiem all a job.
It is said that while the population of
the Souta in the lust twenty years has in
creased only 34 per cent, the school
attendance has increased 130 per cent, and
this fact has probably a pood deal to do
■with the increased Republican vote in that
eertion.
AH Massachusetts is clamoring to Con
gress for a big, new drydock in Boston
tarbor, so all California should clamor for
a bir, new drydock in San Francisco Bay,
and then the two commonwealths conld
make t;:e welkin ring from ocean to ocean
and stir up all the Nation by their shout
in i,'.
Joseph Chamberlain not only lacks a
university education, but had not even the
training of a nigh school. He has, now
ever, a lirst-class get-there education, for
starting in business at IS he was rich
enough to retire at 38, and then began
that career in politics which has made him
one of the foremost men in Europe.
The X ray has been turned on wine in
France, with the re3ult that it disclosed
tne presence of "fuchsine* 1 in almost
every sample of claret photographed, and
it would seem therefore that the science
which teaches men to make chemical
mlulterations has been at last met by a
bigger science that will knock it out.
00MMEK0IAL PBOBLEMS.
Senator Elkins has been overwhelmed
with attention by reason of his recent
delaration that the commercial interests
of the United States should be protected
against the Canadian Pacific Railway. It
will be remembered that the Massachusetts
Kepublicau Convention adopted this idea
in its platform, and now it is said that Mr.
Elkins is working to secure its insertion in
the platform of the National Republican
Convention. His position is that the
Canadian Pacific, living upon its subven
tions and being free from the operation of
such a law as the interstate commerce act
of the United Statei, is the great enemy of
our transcontinental hauling interests and
hence of our National commerce. There
is just sufficient foundation for these asser
tions to make them interesting, at least as
a matter of discussion.
Consideration of the subject has been
precipitated by a proposition before the
Senate Committee on Postoffices and Post
Roads to grant a subsidy of $80,000 to the
Oceanic Steamship Company for trans
porting the malls between the United
States and the British colonies of Aus
tralia and New Zealand. Senators Elkins
and Perkins are strong advocates of the
measure, and they are preparing to show
to the Senate the damage which American
commerce has suffered by reason of the
generous subsidies granted by the Do
minion of Canada to the Canadian Pacific
and by Canada and the British dependen
cies of Australia to the line of steamers
connecting the latter with the western
terminus of the Canadian Pacific and
operated as a part of that transportation
system.
It is true, as Senator Perkins has pointed
out, that the Canadian steamers receive a
subsidy of $125,000 a year from Canada
ana $50,000 additional from Australia,
making a total of $175,000 a year for two
steamers, or $14,533 for eacli voyage. Not
satisfied with this, the Canadian com
pany's agents are now industriously so
liciting additional subsidies from the
Hawaiian and Society groups of islands.
It is manifestly impossible for an Ameri
can steamship company to compete on
equal terms with the Canadian company
in the absence of something approaching
a reasonable subsidy.
It is by means of such subsidies that
England to a large extent has secured her
supremacy on the seas. There is nothing
wrong in the idea, as England's successful
treatment of it over so long a period has
amply proved. The only ground existing
for whatever unpopularity it has in the
United States is that furnished by the
overland railroads in their shameless
abuse of the Government's generosity. It
is now proposed to condone those evils by
indefinitely extending the time for the re
payment of the loan, and that may make
the subsidizing of trans-Pacific steamship
lines all the more difficult. Still, the
proposition regarding the Oceanic line is
an annual subsidy, and not a lump loan,
and may be canceled at any time. As,
however, such an encouragement of trade
between the United States and the
Australian colonies would tend to increase
the traffic of the American overland roads,
this effect of a subsidy to the steamship
line might properly be considered in any
plan looking to a settlement of the railroad
debt. The subject is comprehensive, and
deserves the most serious consideration of
Republicans, both in the present Congress
and in the approaching National con
vention.
CONDITION OF BUSINESS.
The reports of the leading commercial
agencies of the country are anything but
encouraging. The free-trade policy of the
present administration has aggravated the
general depression, and the ensuing steady
drain on the gold reserve, with its accom
panying necessity to increase the National
debt by the issue of bonds, has had a dis
couraging effect in ail the centers of East
ern activity. It is for these reasons that
so acute an interest is being taken in
political affairs on the Republican side.
The possibility of Democratic victory
seems not to command any general inter
est. All hopes for a return to better times
are centered in the Republican party and
its restoration of a protective tariff.
While general depression is the rule in
the Eastern States, the condition of Cali
fornia, transportation difficulties aside, is
exceptionally good. Generous profits in
winej oranges and wheat have brought
large sums of money into the State. A
great deal of outside capital is coming into
the mining regions, and the mines in
operation are yielding more heavily than
ever before in their history. Uncertainty
stiil exists with reference to the late of
the Wright irrigation law in the Su
preme Court of the United States, but
there is a general belief that the law will
be sustained, and that means a great deal
of capital to be used in the creation of irri
gating plants. Congress has promised
generous appropriation! for the improve
ment of our rivers and harbors, and they
will bring money for present distribution
and benefits of permanent value. The
Valley road will reach Fresno in time to
handle a considerable part of this year's
crop, insuring profits to growers, an en
hancement of land values and an influx of
settlers.
Business failures are practically un
known in San Francisco and the other
cities of the State, and the prospect is
made brighter by a likelihood that the
banks will reduce their rate of interest to
borrowers. This indicates a feeling of con
fidence and a wise desire to promote de
velopment. Taken all in all, California is
in a better condition than any other
Btate, and is only at the threshold of the
prosperity that awa its it. As its agricul
tural interests depe nd upon a protective
tariff it is taking a peculiarly lively in
terest in politics and may be expected to
return a handsome majority for the Re
publican Presidential candidate.
FOE OHEAPEE FUEL.
A telegram from Seattle, published in
Sunday's Call, announces that I. S. Bost
wick of Stockton, one of the principal
stockholders of the California Navigation
and Improvement Company, is visiting
Puget Sound for the purpose of making
trrangrementfl to lay down coal at Stockton
at a price that will greatly encourage man
ufacturing. Since barges have supplanted
schooners in the river traffic of California
there is a large number of idle vessels that
can be utilized in bringing coal cheaply to
San Francisco, whence it can be trans
ported in barges to Stockton and else
where. Mr. Bostwick's immediate pur
pose in this undertaking is to secure cheap
coal for his steamers plying between San
Francisco and Stockton, but under the
present condition of things he is evidently
convinced that he may do a large and
profitable business by bringing down coal
for other consumers.
As the etesmers and barges of the Cali
fornia Navigation and Improvement Com
pany will doubtless bring to Port Costa
and San Francisco much of the freight
secured by tiie Valley road, any economy
in transportation expenses between Stock
ton and San Francisco will aid the Valley
road in advancing the development of the
Ban Joaquin Valley. Not only that, but
the coal which Mr. Bostwick proposes to
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
lay down so cheaply at Stockton can be
carried into the interior by the Valley road.
This may render it possible for the San
Joaquin to be a manufacturing as well as a
producing section. The importance of
such a matter cannot be overestimated.
Fuel is dear in the San Joaquin. It is
likely to be much cheaper before long, for
whatever may be the outcome of Mr. Bost
wick's enterprise the Corral Hollow coal
mines are preparing to lay down coal at
Stockton at a price never before Known in
California. This matter of fuel alone, con
sidered with its cheap distribution by the
Valley road, is of very great value to the
future growth of the valley.
DECADENT GAMBLING.
The Prince of Monaco, who has been re
ceiving for himself $250,000 a year for the
gambling privilege at Monte Carlo, besides
$100,000 a year for the public expenses of
his little principality, is now demanding
$500,000 a year for the latter purpose alone,
being satisfied to let his personal receipts
stand as at present. The proprietors of
the gambling privilege are declaring that
his demand is unreasonable, as gambling
has fallen off heavily of late, the receipts
for the year ending March 31 being $240,
--000 short of those of the preceding year.
They assert that there is much less
"plunging" than usual, and that the fre
quenters of the casino are a much less de
sirable class than formerly.
This was to have been expected. Monte
Carlo, as the one place in Europe where
gambling is openly and shamelessly con
ducted, has felt the concentrated pressure
of the sentiment which modern civilization
opposes to the vice. Even tne authorized
"gift loans" and lotteries that were for
merly tolerated in some of the European
countries have retreated before the march
of modern enlightenment
Every State and city of the United States
has severe laws prohibiting lotteries and
other pernicious forms of gambling. The
last State to come under the influence of
this wholesome sentiment was Louisiana,
which a few years ago denied its author
ized lottery company a renewal of its char
ter and forced it to seek refuge in some
South American country. The lottery is
permanently outlawed wherever the Stars
and Stripes float.
Some of the American republics south of
the United States still permit lotteries to
be conducted, but all this will end as soon
as the high sentiment which animates
Europe and the United States has ex
tended beyond the Rio Grande. Unhap
pily California is still the prey of these
companies by reason of the fact that the
laws prohibiting our newspapers from as
sisting the evil are defective. The intent
of the people in framing the laws was
eminently praise worthy, and if it were
properly respected by all the newspapers
it would accomplish the desired result. It
is unfortunate for California that some of
its leading newspapers, by promoting an
evil banished from all the more highly
civilized countries of the world, seek to
place the intelligence and morality of the
people on a plane immeasurably below
them.
OOAST EXCHANGES.
The importance of the orange industry
in the northern part of California is some
times overlooked. A distinct point in
favor of that region is noted by the Oro
vilJe Mercun/ when it says that the orange
crop in that section is marketed from four
to six weeks earlier than in most orange
growine countries. It adds: This gives us
the advantage of the highest prices and
also avoids any chance of frosts, should
they visit this section. The largest
orchard here ships thousands of boxes
a year already, and our orange
groves are all comparatively young.
For ihe navel variety this past
season this orchard realized, f. o. b. cars at
Oroville, an average price of $2 42 a box.
These parties were offered a contract dur
ing the first of the season for $2 50 a box
f. o. b. cars for the entire navel crop. They
realized from the acreage picked |290 an
acre this past season; these trees were
planted seven and nine years since. The
orchard referred to is the Oroville Citrus
Association of Thermalito." With such
profits as this, sure to be maintained, there
is an extraordinary incentive to plant
orange trees in Northern California.
The extraordinary progress which Stock
ton is preparing to make under the stimu
lus of the Valley road is indicated by an
nouncements made in the papers pub
lished there. The Mail says that a strong
company is being organized to generate
electricity at the Salt Spring Valley reser
voir, whence it wll! be conducted to Stock
ton for manufacturing purposes. The
power will be ready for delivery May 1.
The enterprise is in the hands of Eastern
capitalists.
The Independent says that the Stockton
Gas and Electric Company has made a
successful test of its new 150-horsepower
dynamo and is ready to furnish power for
running light machinery. Stockton is
responding promptly to the influences
which are operating to make it a great
city.
The Los Angeles Express notes that salt
in inexhaustible quantity, in a chemically
pure state, has been discovered near
Danby, Ban Bernardino County, along the
line of tne Sante Fe Railroad, and that it
will be extensively mined and shipped.
The mines are to be handled by a Los An
geles company, and they bid defiance to
Liverpool or any other place on earth in
the matter of supplying a pure salt at a
low price. Extensive contracts have al
ready been made with packing-houses in
Chicago and Kansas City to take the Cali
fornia salt instead of that from Liverpool
and the Eastern States.
The Contra Costa Gazette (Martinez) and
the Oakland Tribune are vigorously at
tempting to revive the old frcherao of a
tinely macadamized road connecting t tie
two counties. A correspondent of the
Tribune makes a strong argument in favor
of the project. He calls attention to the
fact that only fifty years ago the land on
which the Palace Hotel, San Francigco, is
situated was selling at $4 au acre. The
enterprise of people has made all that
difference that now exists. Such a road
as the one proposed would cost about $10.
--000, and would open up a productive
region of 64,000 acres worth 52,000,00u, ana
would enable the products to be shipped
to San Francisco. Enthusiastic meetings
are being held, and the hope is indulged
that this important highway will soon be
an accomplished fact.
The San Bernardino Times-Index is urg
ing its people to accept a proposition
made by Eastern canners to erect a can
nery if a bouus of $5000 is subscribed,
to which the company will add $25,000.
The offer was made to Redlands, but the
people there have been slow to respond.
The Fresno Republican announces that
Clovis is rapidly building up. The new
$5000 schoolhouse will sooa be completed.
The Woodland Mail calls attention to a
modest enterprise which is prospering
there and which teaches an eloquent les
son of the resources of that section. It is
A broom factory, turning out a hundred
dozen brooms a month and selling them
all in the Sacramento Valley. The demand
is so strong that the owners are preparing
to double their capacity. Says our con
temporary: "The enterprise is entirely a
local one, as from the broonicorn to the fin
ished article it is entirely the product of
Yolo County labor. The broomcorn is grown
on the Hennigan raiich, near the sink of
Cache Creek, where a hundred acres are
being devoted to its cultivation tnis year.
The soil on this place seems peculiarly
adapted to the growth of the plant, as it is
said to produce a superior kind of straw
for broom-makine. The straw is brought
to the factory in bundles and is cut about
the length of the brush portion of the
broom. It is sorted into three grades to
be used in the different stages of manu
facture."
The Lob Angeles Journal announces that
the Cahuenga dummy road has been sold
to the company owning the recently con
solidated electric road connecting Los
Angeles and Santa Monica, and that event
ually it will be converted into an electric
road.
The San Bernardino Sun thus describes
a condition prevalent throughout Califor
nia and calling for energetic and intelli
gent treatment: "The problem of induc
ing settlement of uncultivated land is
pressing of solution in every new country,
and in no part of Southern California
is it of more moment than in San
Bernardino County. It is safe to
presume that not a hundredth part
of the tillable land in this county
has been brought under cultivation. The
Easterner who visits this section for a
winter's sojourn and incidentally investi
gates its possibilities and resources, is sur
prised at this. Why, he asks, in a region
possessing so many natural advantages,
where the returns from cultivating the soil
are so great, is settlement comparatively
slow? Tue answer is found in the fact
that in bnt few communities has any
definite and consistent plan of coloniza
tion been attempted or even suggested.
Advertising is an excellent thing, but it
must be supplemented by an intelligent
colonization policy. Agents in the inter
est of a locality where settlement is de
sired could bring about more practical re
sults in an Eastern community in the way
of inducing immigraiion than all the ad
vertising matter that might be mailed till
doomsday. To render practicable any
plan of colonization it is best that indi
vidual ownership of the section desired to
be settled should be centralized in a few
hands. That this condition prevails in
the case of large corporations accounts for
their success in settling up large tracts."
The announcement is made that Wright
D. Bresee of Fresno has acquired an in
terest in the Jackson Ledger, and that the
paper is soon to be converted into a daily.
The Healdsburg Tribune begins its ninth
year with the record of a prosperous and
useful career.
The Santa Ynez Argus has entered upon
its ninth year with all the hope and vigor
that have so ably sustained it in the past.
The Benicia New Era, noticing an in
advertence in these columns which made
its name appear New Age, makes this
happy declaration : "We are well satisiied
with our present name of New Era as in
dicating our continued purpose to do what
we can to bring about a new era in Be
nicia—an era of peace, progress and pros
perity."
It is rumored that John N. Larkin, an
able newspaper man of large experience
and at present publisher of the Sunday
Leader of Sacramento, is about to start a
new morning daily there.
Mary Lynde Craig, the accomplished
wife of Scipio Craig, editor of the Rediands
Citrograph, is writing a series of bright let
ters about Florida to that paper.
The Los An^eies Express has isßued a
superb special i dition in celebration of its
twenty-fifth anniversary.
The Amador Record has entered upon its
fifth volume with bright prospects.
The Ontario Observer has begun its
eighth volume as enthusiastic as ever over
the superb attractions of that part of the
State.
The Reno Gazette celebrates the round
ing of its twentieth year by making an in
structive comparison between the sturdy
pioneer struggles of twenty years ago and
the present bustling aspect of the city.
CHINESE GIRL FOR SALE.
If anybody wishes to buy a little Chinese
girl they have a chance at the fishing camp
on tho bay shore, near Brooks Island. The
little girl's mother is Mrs. Ping, and the child
is named Pio. She is about 12 years old, and
her mother says that she will take $800 for her
at the camp, although when she brings her to
San Francisco in a few months Bho will ask
$1000.
The mother who contemplates this inhuman
act is about 35 years of age. She makes no
Little Pio, the Chinese Girl Whose
Mother Is Going to Sell Her.
[Sketched from life.]
secret of her intention and looks forward with
pleasure to the time when she can exchange
her daughter for gold. Pio has been raised
for the purpose of being sold, and the methods
of the wort are most peculiar.
Pio was born in San Francisco, and before
she was a year old was taken to the fUhing camp
so as to be propeny trained to bring a good
price. Both father and mother went with her.
The father worked as a fisherman, and the
mother devoted herself entirely to training her
daughter, no is always dressed in clothes of
the finest silks, but they aro somber in color
and cut in the plainest fashion. Her hair is
always brusned back plainly, and she is never
allowed to wear an ornament of any kind. The
rea?on for this is that when she is sold and her
master gives her jewels and ornaments she
will be pleased with them.
In the whole twelve years of her existence
Pio has never been ten feet from her mother's
side, and she lias never been in a different
room. She is occasionally taken to San Pedro,
but has never been anywhere else.
The child is not what would be called pretty,
even for a Chinese. She is a little over four
feet tall and must weigh about 130 pounds.
Hhe knows that she will be sold soon, but does
not seem the least concerned about it. She
can speak English, but it is almost impossible
to make her say a word.
Like all Chinese, Mr. and Mrs. Ping intend
to go back to China ns noon as they have sold
their daughter and got the money.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Samuel W. Parker, for many years past
one of the proprietors of the famous Grand
Pacific Hotel, Chicago, and known throughout
the globe to all classes, callings and profes
sions, is at the Occidental.
Mr. Parker was with the notea hotel from its
opening to its close. The closing took place a
year ago yesterday. He entered the hotel in
June, 1873, and remained for twenty-two
years. He was chief clerk at first. That was
when Gage Brothers and Rice were the man
agers. John B. Drake, who was in California
two years ago, then became proprietor, and
soon after that Mr. Parker entered into part
nership in the hotel. The house was prosper
ous, as Mr. Parker telU, down to the last, and
was closed because of his inability to make a
Samuel W. Parker, One of the Noted Bonifaces of the Windy City, Long of the
Grand Pacific.
\Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
satisfactory new lease. The hotel needed to
be overhauled to fit it for modern require
ments, notwithstanding the lame that sur-
roundod it for many years after its opening.
It is now tenantless.
Mr. Parker is completing arrangements to go
into the hotel business again in Chicago on an
extensive scale. He has been in California for
two months and five days, as he told a Call
representative yesterday, and says the half has
not been told about the State,
"It has scarcely been hinted at," he said.
"In the two months and five days I have been
here I have seen four rainy days and four other
cloudy days, ana the remainder were as clear
and bright as the* finest day that could be
imagined, the sun shining beautifully and
nothing but a vault of blue above.
"1 have met an enormous number of Chicago
men whereever I have been in California. I
entered the State by the Atchison road and
went to San Bernardino, Colton, Riverside. San
Diego. Los Angeles and Santa Barbara. I saw
Chicago men everywhere. They are putting in
a great d«al of money here. H. C. Durrand,
the wealthy wholesale grocer of Chicago, Is
building a $100,000 residence on Orange
Grove avenue, Pasadena; D. C. Cameron, presi
dent of the Chicago School Board, has bought
Joseph Medili's place and is going to erect a
large handsome home; young Libby, son of the
senior of the firm of Libby, McNeill & Libby,
the great packers, is building a magnificent
iesidence also on Orange Grove avenue in Pas
adena. There are many others who are build
ing winter homes in different parts of South
ern California.
"I shall stay here a few days and will then go
to Monterey, Santa Cruz, San Jose and the
Yosemite."
Mr. Parker will attend the hotel men's con
vention, which it to meet here in about two
weeks.
S. G. Little of Dixon, -who purchased a $10,
--000 gold brick of a gentleman named "Big-foot
Dave," some time since, and which transaction
is now being aired in the Oakland courts, is at
the BOSS. Mr. Little is a banker and ranch
owner of Dixon, and till the gold brick episode
came out has always been known as quite keen
in a business transaction. "Big-foot Dave,"
one of whose other names is Gordon, related to
him a guileless story about a mine in Arizona,
whose owner named Little couldn't be found.
He had specimens of rich ores and made nlto
gother just the kind of an impression that
pleased him most. A little later he interviewed
)i friend named Root, and before all the wires
were pulled an Indian was sprung on the scene
to give the story of the mine a truly realistic
Western hue. This was sufficient. When the
brick was brought forth, which had already
been thoughtfully assayed by Mr. Gordon, the
transaction was not long in being closed. "Big
foot David" and his partner are wanted in sev
eral other cities. H. G. Schulze, a partner of
Mr. Little, and D. H. Rice of Dixon are also at
the Russ. ____^_^_^___
PERSONAL.
F. D. Nicol, a Stockton lawyer, Is at the Lick.
Judge H. R. McXoble of Stockton Is at the
Grand.
Claud R. Watson of London arrived at tne
Palace yesterday.
G. H. Dennett and wife of Rockford, 111., an
staying at the Palace.
J. D. Swanson, a barrister of Carberry, B. C,
Is staying at the Grand.
Arthur Malms is at the Palace, registered
from Westminster, B. C.
S. Goldfish, a Hollister merchant, is in town
and has a room at the Grand.
Sheriff C. N. Gordon of Klamath County, Or.,
arrived at the Russ yesterday.
Chares E. Elliot of Cambridge, Mais., ar
rived at the Palace last night.
J. \V. Ditworth, a life-insurance man, is
Btopping at the Cosmopolitan.
Oscar A. Tippett came up from San Diego
yesterday. He is at the Palace.
L. A. Kerr, a jeweler of Wellaborro, P»., is
stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
A. W. Silsby, a merchant of Grant* Pass,
Or., is among the Russ arrivals.
J. R. Gaun, a dry-goods man of Fresno City,
is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
George E. Guard of Los Angeles was among
yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
E. D. Openheimer, a New York merchant
from Yokohama, is at the Palace.
M. A. Gett, an attorney of Sacramento, is
mating the Lick his headquarters.
W. R. Spalding, one of Truckee's best-known
business men, is staying at the Lick.
J. S. Young, an orchardist of Santa Cruz, wai
among yesterday's arrivals at the Russ.
£. R. Earnest, a retired merchant of Nor
born, Mo., is a guest of the Cosmopolitan.
Superior Judge E. V. Spencer o» Lassen
County is down from Susanville and is at the
Russ.
B. A. Seabury and J. Grunwald, Los Angeles
capitalists, were among yesterday's arrivals at
the Baldwin.
J. J. Morey, cashier of the Pajaro Bank at
Watsonville, came up yesterday and registered
at the Grand.
Charles S. Meson of Sissons and M. Marx, two
Siskiyou County mining men, are at the Russ
for a few days.
P. Kervin, the superintendent Tof the Gould
& Curry mine at Virginia City, is In town. He
is at the Palace.
William H. Hilton, a vineyardist from Glen
Ellen, arrived at the Grand yesterday for a
short visit in the City.
S. Jacobs of Reno and S. Jacobs of Wads
worth, brothers and merchant! of Nevada, are
registered at the Kuss.
John Hale, a railroad contractor of Portland,
Or., arrived at the Occidental yesterday with
his wife and daughter.
Dr. 11. N. Cross, H. J. Gage and F. H. Gould
came down from Stockton last night and took
rooms at the California.
L. S. Calkins, the ex-postmaster of Nevada
City and the editor of the Daily Transcript of
that place, U at the Lick.
Dr. Z. T. Magill and Dr. V. B. Watson of
Healdsburg while in town are making the
Grand their headquarters.
Oscar B. Hi nsdale, interested in the lumber
schooner business on this coast, is registered at
the Lick from Gardiner, Or.
E. H. Vance, extensively interested in the
lumber business at Eureka, is at the Grand
with his wife and two daughters.
Edward J. Baxter, a prominent rancher of
picturesque Scott Valley , came down yesterday
for a short visit and is at the Buss.
T. H. Kleinschmit, a banker from Helena,
Mont., is here on a visit with his wife. They
have apartments at the Occidental.
D. L. Gillispie and wife, Mrs. Mabel L. Gil
lispie, and Miss S. M. Bassett of Pittsburg, Pa.,
took apartments at the Palace yesterday.
Thomas A. Menary and son of Gold Hill,
New, are visiting this City as the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. E. W. Ferguson, 2814 Clay street.
S. J. Chapman of Chicago arrived from the
East yesterday with his wife and went to the
Palace. Mr. Chapman has & home in Santa
Barbara.
John F. Moody, proprietor of a stage line
and a hotel at Truckee, and one of the pro
moters of the Truckee Ice Palace, arrived at the
Lick last night.
W. Waterhouse, a wealthy plantation-owner
of the Hawaiian Islands, is registered at the
Occidental from Pasadena, one of the places
where he owns a residence and sometimes
makes his home.
The owners of the Boston and Montana
copper mines of Butte City, Mon., arrived
at the Palace last night afteran Inspection of
their property, and they are now on their way
East. The party consists of A. S. Bigelow and
Thomas Nelson of Boston, Mass., J. Maurice
Meridith of Batfi, Me., and Leonard Lewiaolm
and G. M. Aganes of New York. They say tha;
copper mining Is waking up.
A HANDSOME CAPE.
Of all the different length capes of this sea
son the one shown here is the most popular
for dressy capes. It is cut circular, thus avoid
ing seams and maKing a delightful model for
the home dressmaker. Of course, if narrow
goods, such as satin, is used a seam in the
center back is necessary. The goods and
lining may be laid face to face stitched around
the bottom and trie fronts In a seam turned
right side out and pressed. An interlining of
flannel or of one of the many fiber iiuerliulnes
ScS 6 Btltched ta if the «"• w«SM
Baffles of black lace adorn the cape of black
saiin shown here, it meets in front? but is
waU™ °»<* ln the Ulu<>tr * '° show the
"A favorite antr extremely chic trimming is
white lace over black chiffon put on very full.
nt -hiffnn int th * neck band. P A second ruffle
nv^? f2nH « OOft f ?? ite B <> dee as the lace lie.
over it and a full rucne finishes the nee*.
™«£ l*% ° net or cniff on heavily spanned
make a dressy garment over black satin ; these
make a good trimming where it is necessary to
save labor, for they may be had in endless va
riety of designs and prices. A wide ribbon
Sf-" 1 " ! 1 through the center makes a faibion
able finish for the neck, but it must be very
full, at least two and a half yards being needed
for the ruche alone, with » v»rd and a half to
two yards for a bow if one is desired.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Waiter— Wasn't your dinner satisfactory, sir?
Guest from the country (in a dazed sort of
way)— Yes, the dinner was all right enough.
What I don't like is the size of that 'ere bill you
brought me.— Sonerville Journal.
Same old violets, same old blue;
Same old grass plat, same old hue;
Same old looK in everything;
6ame old season ; same old spring.
—Chicago Record.
"Oh, yes, my husband has been a collector of
curios and such things for a number ol years."
"Was he in that business when he married
you?"
"Yes, indeed."
"I thought so."— Wilmington Star.
"That umbrella you lent me yesterday," sai<J
the man who had just come into the office.
"Yes?"
"Here it is. I came to return it."
"Dear me!" was the absent-minded reply.
"I had no idaa it was in such bad condition at
all that."— Mexico City Herald.
In a dreamy rapture he kissed her golden
tresses.
"The future," he exclaimed, Joyously, "with
iti castles in the air."
She turned with sudden earnestneu.
"Reginald," she said, decisively, "don't de«
ceive yourself! I tell you, once for all, I shan't
live above the second story under any circum
stances. ' '— Pick-M e-Up.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
a modest Life-saver.
Thb Heroic Act op a Young Man ackxowu
edged by a gbateftx mother.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— SlßJ
I ask you to print a word of thanks for me in
The Call of the brave act which a young man
did the other day. Last Wednesday afternoon
my son Frederick was on Harrison-street Wharf
playinp, when he accidentally feil overboard,
and but for the timelr rescue by a young man
who plunged off the wharf he would have been
drowned. The brave rescuer gave my son'a
playmates his name as George H. Thompson,
but gave no address. I therefore ask you to
print a word of thanks for me. H. B. S.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsead's."
Fpecial Information daily to manufaeturati.
business houses and publio men by the Prsil
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. *
Teacher— What is meant, Johnnie, by the
aaying "the sun never sets on England's flag?"
Johnnie— l guess it means the sun's afraid to
leave it alone in the dark near anybody else's
boundary-line.— Puck.
" I havi found Hood's PUls unaqnaled. I
always keep them in the house and reeommsnd,
them to my friends." Mrs. Vernon Upton, 735
Pine St., San Francisco, Cal.
Take the Northern Pacific to all points East.
Lowest rates to Minnesota and Dakota polnta.
Upholstered tourist-cars, Pullman palace and din-
Ing cars on all trains. Two fast through trains
daily; time to Chicago shortened six hours. For
tickets and information call on T. K. Staieler, tf3B
Market street, Ban Francisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been nsed over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect anc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every pan of the world. Be sura and asic
for Mrs. YVinslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
. Cokokado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board ac the Hotel dat
Coronado, $60; longer stay 92 60 per day. Apply
4 Mew .Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Clara— Mr. Nicefellow laid my f»c« wu
classic. What is classic?
Dora— Oh, most anything old.— Good Newt.
NEW TO-DAY.
MONEY
SAVING
PRICES
Money-Saving Dishes.
So MONEY SAVERS.
Lunch Buckets, Coffee Pots. Cream Pitchers,
Oatmeal Bowls, Cnstara Cum, Spooners,
Plates, Dairy Pans, Hand Basins, 5c each
or 6 tor 25c.
100 MONEY SAVERS.
Berry Dishes, Milk Pails, Meat Dish, Dish Pant.
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dish. Salad Dish;
10c each or 3 for 25c.
TEA SETS.
44 Pieces complete for 12 Parsons
* m Pure White, Delicate Blue. Brown and
. Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Per t
2-25, 2- 2 iBs> 3- 00 ' 3-™' 4 13
DINNER SETS.
60 pieces com Diets for a Persona
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Kith Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, p. r .*
3.68, 4.25, .85, 5 .00, 5.85, 5.5*
DINNER SETS.
100 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
. Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich. Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Per .at
550, 0.50, .25, g.OO, £50. IQSO
Great American Importina Tea Cis
' 1344 Market St., S. P.
M*>^^zwS» 965 Market it.', S. P.
Sgt^gSST^ 140 Sixth St., S. P.
■ WWiitl 017 Kearny St., 5. P.
WKSr^~ mm 1419 Polk *t., 5. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. ft
UniirU 33S Hayes St., i, P.
IflUNcY* »<6 Ninth St., 5. F.
■11 Vila. ■ 21g Third tt » 5 F
' C Nil IMA 2008 Flllmore St., 5. P. .
OAVING 251 ° Mission st.. A, F.
wnwiiiu 3006 Sixteenth «t,, 5. P.
A Tnnr A 104 Second St.. 5. F.
STORES : 259 Missi ° **•■ 5 - p.
w ■ viikw ■ 82 Market , t## s# p.
«fc>^— a 917 Broadway, Oakland.
Mmt^&Jh 1053 Washington St., Oak'd.
»■ H7 131 San Pablo aye., Oakl'd,
gft^*^*^ 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland.
1355 Park at, AUmoda.
TRY OUB
Mooey-Sav!n« Prices) <AA »_
AT OUR J- lilO « 10
Money -Saving Stores^ * vv Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.
tlons. 60c per bottle, sold by Druggists' 1 * mm *'
tloos. 60c per,bottle. sold by Drugglsu
I■■ . ■tSkt fitkll
KPN PAY APRIL 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
HFALntrrN Theater.— " Virginias."
California Theater— "The Night Clerk."
Colombia 1 'iiKATEK— 'Tudd'nhead Wilson."
3' obosco's Orr.BA-Horsr— "Doris."
1 ivoi.l OrEiiA-HorsK.— -Bine Beard."
C KruKTM. Hich-Class Vaudeville.
J.'ACEo.vnuan Theatkk (Oakland)— To-nlsht
"A Milk White Flag." Thurv. my, "Slnbad."
MKTRoroi.iTAV Ticiiplk— Tabernacle
Choir, Wednesday, Apr.l 15.
BOTBO Coney Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert.
»oot thk CnPTEg- Dally at Haight street,
«i c I lock h,m of the Park.
1 /ciricCoAST Jockey Ctrn- Ra^s to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. S. STkar <!fe Co.— To-day, April 6, Un-
claimed Merchandise, at SI and 33 Sutler street,
at 10 o'clock.
By S. Basch— Tills day (Monday), at at 230 Sir-
ter street at 10 o'clock Barber s>hop, and Furni-
ture at Salesroom At 10:30 o'clock.
By M. 3. Simmons Auction Co.— day
(Monday), Furniture, at 1057 Market street, at
11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Greeks hold merry Easter with the old
time Pomp.
There is a plant in Golden Gate Park that de
prives people of speech.
The rain kept the rifle-shooters away from
the t-hell Mound range yesterday.
Feudner broke the 100-shot coast record on
blue rocks yesterday at tne Oakland Park.
The sudden deaths of two aged men were re
ported at the Morgue yesterday afternoon.
The American branch of socialists adopted a
resolution of sympathy with local strikers.
Cornelius Vanderr>ilt and Chauncey M. De
pew visited the Cliff and Sutro Bath's yester
day.
Chauncey M. Depew says that there is but
one Cliff House and one Sutro Baths in the
world.
Ben, Sly Boy and Coomassie divided the bulk
of The prizes at Ocean View coursing park yes
terday.
The berk Modoc, wrecked on the beach at
Santa P. >sftlia, it reported by her captain to be
a total loss.
The labor unions now on strike are again
confronted by their old enemy, the proflt
shtriug system.
The weather predictions for to-day are:
Probably occasional showers; fresh to brisk
■ootberly winds.
The Valontiue Ilolt Society of the Children
of the American Revolution held a patriotic
meeting on Saturday.
The trapshooters were out in goodly num
bers at the blue rock and live bird shoot at the
Oakland Park yesterday.
Cieorge R. B. Hayes, the attorney, died at his
home, 2513 Pacific avenue, yesterday from the
effects of dropsy upon his heart.
splendid scores were registered yesterday at
the annual Fpring festival of tho California
fccnuetzen Club at Schueuen Park.
Dr. York delivered an interesting lecture on
"The Science of Life and What Do We Live
For?" last evening at Scottish Hall.
Vanderbilt and Depew attended service at
Grace Church yesterday. The formor's Easter
offering was $100 and the latter* £40.
Contractor Bowers declares that Deputy
Labor Commissioner Dam's charges against
him were actuated by personal motives.
Lieutenant James 11. Sears of the United
States navy has located several rocks in Mis
•ion Bay that are a menace to navigation.
In the San Francisco handball court yester
day I. F. Bonnet and J. Law it-.-s defeated" ama
teur champion Donnelly and G. Hutchinscn.
The Goto leprosy remedy was tried in the
leper settlement at Molokai" says Dr. Alvarez of
Honolulu, without any benetit'to the patients.
Word comes from Washington that the com
manding general has the Fifth Artillery, now
at the Presidio, on his list for a changeof sta
tion.
Captain Fowler of Oakland Is interesting In
vestors in a project to fit out a vessel to search
for a rich guano island of which he has
knowledge.
The Societe Franeaise de Bienfaisance Mu
tuelle ele< led tifteen coinmitteemeu and Hiree
physicians yesterday afternoon to serve for the
ensuing year.
Johnson Snerrlck, a banker of Canton. Ohio,
a Democrat, but a. warm Mend and neighbor
of Governor McKuiley, says that "the Demo
crats are in a bad iix.'*'
Rev. F. H. Church will leave forTacoma on
Monday. He will take up his residence in
that city, having accepted a call to the rector
thip of St. Luke's Church.
James B. Olcott of Connecticut 1* forming
plans for several turt garden* in this State.
nv thinkH California should grow as good grass
as any country in the world.
Xorberto Moran, Minister of War of Salva
dor, is here on an extended wedding trip and
is incidentally observing tnings for Govern
ment improvements at home.
The Sarah B. Cooper Congregational Chris
tian Endeavor Punday-school and Kinderjrar
len, corner of Ninth avenue and H street, tru
formally dedicated yesterday.
faster Sunday was observed by elaborate
Bervices in all the churcnes and the attend
ance was large, notwithstanding the unfavor
able condition of the weather.
The Oakland Orchestra rendered a long pro
gramme at the Y. M. C. A. auditorium yester
day, and the Rev. Mr. Stephens spoke, but
Chauncey M. Depew came not.
The commissary subsistence depot at Los
AngeLes is to be abolished, and supplies for
troops in '.New Mexico and Arizona will here
after be purchased In San Francisco.
Chief Crow ley was advised yesterday that
Mrs. Emma York, mother of the late Charles
F. Gibson, had been arrested in Denver, and
an officer will be sent as soon as possible with
the papers for her extradition.
Herman Berchert \va3 arrested yesterday
upon the arrival of the steamer Queen from
Portland. Archie Ashton, a passenger on the
Corona, was also taken in custody upon the ar
rival of that vessel from the south.
Captain Lees has detained "Handsome
Riley" for investigation in the Franklin mur
der affair. He deuies Detective Kline's state
ments, and says that he will give him an
opjiortunity to prove them in court.
The friends of Count and Countess Festetics
are becoming alarmed because no tidings have
been received from them for six mouths. They
are supposed to be becalmed on the yacht
Tolna somewhere in the Pacific Ocean.
Dr. Brown says he bos received no official
notification from the Tacoma church of a
desire on their part to again have him servo
at pastor. He intimates that such a propoii
tioxt would be thoroughly agreeable to him.
The purses and internes at the City and
County Hospital are still dissatisfied -with Miss
Tatton's order prohibiting them from going to
the theater and returning under escort of the
internes. Dr. .Stable does not support the
order.
Policemen Meyer and Peshon raided a Chi
nese lottery game on Sacramento street yester
day afternoon and confiscated 1000 marked
Ueketi at the face value of *1 25 each, besides
arr< sting two Mongolians whom they lound in
cbarz*.
The new central labor organization, known
as the Central Trades aud Labor Alliance, met
yesterday and adopted a constitution wherein
tl.ey ex preyed an intention to enter actively
into matters political. The building trades
strike was indorsed.
HEW TO- DAT.
COVERED
WITH
HUMOR
"When I wa* thirteen years old I began to har»
•ore ryes and earn, and from my ears a humor
•pread. I do « tor with five different skilful
doctor?, but they did me no good. My disease
«tf ca J a - **}' thia time il ad gone all over '
»y head, face, and body. Nobody thought I
rtE»rn,» c ' M T d WOtJ J d no have bnt for Cutioctu
fi-'e c,V •% £ U6Cd fOOr bOSC » Ot COTICCBA,
'Cm'n CTlcrß^ gOAP. and three bottle.
Si: Jr^x^r M - weish ™
iliss EBKA2T GUAKDEL, Clayton, N. T :
•- Uow *«Ciue Every Skin H^or,«m*nc4fr M . '
FIFTH ARTILLERY MAY GO
The Regiment Is on the List
for Early Change of
Station.
A WARNING TO CONTRACTORS.
Practice Marches Contemplated —No
Subsistence Depot at Los
Angeles.
Plans for the quartermaster's new stebles
at the Presidio were recently prepared by
Col. N. S. Kimball and forwarded to Wash
ington. Some changes were made, which
could not be complied with owing to the
lay of the land and surroundings and so
modified plans were prepared. Last Sat
urday a message was received by wire
from Washington that the modified plans
had been approved. Bids for building the
stables will be invited without further
delay.
Contractors bidding on Government
work at the Presidio are advised that the
plans and specifications prepared at the
office of the department quartermaster in
this City, and approved by the quarter
master-general and Secretary of War,
cannot be changed for the convenience of
the contractor. The kind of material to
be used is clearly specified. The authori
ties here cannot allow any deviation from
the contract or permit one kind oi ma
terial to be substituted for another. Con
tractors who have been working for the
City and State, and who have often had
permission to make changes here and
there when specified materials were not
immediately accessible, complain of great
hardships imposed by the Government.
As an example Contractor Hansen's ex
perience in building double brick barracks
Nos. 2 and 3at the Presidio is cited. Col
onel Kimball is of the opinion that Hansen,
who received nearly $35,000 for one of the
double buildings and a sum In excess of
$35,000 for the other, should have cleared
$5000 on the contract, yet it is acknowl
edged that he lost money. The engineer,
Mr. Humphreys, is blamed for exacting
too much from the contractor.
Colonel Kimball is of the opinion that
the contractor wasted time and effort to
procure material different from that speci
fied. Again work was done contrary to
the specifications and had to be taken out
and done over again.
A short time ago Colonel Kimball found
that the contractor for supplying pipes
and extending the water mains at the Pre
sidio delivered six or seven wagon loads
of pipe, and not half of the material had
the hub-joints plainly required by the
specifications. Moreover the pipe was
under weight and plainly marked so. The
pipe, it is thought, was an underweight
lot made at the Oregon penitentiary.
When it wa? promptly rejected the con
tractor wanted to park it on the reserva
tion, but was ordered to take it away and
so he had to stand the double expense of
hauling the material to the ground and
hauling it away.
In city and State work obliging inspec
tors permit contractors to put in the
cheapest material and do work in the
easiest manner, but the Government In- I
spector baa no authority to allow depar
ture from specifications. That can only
be done by the Secretary of War.
Some queer notions of advertising for
public work have authority of law in
Washington. For example, the advertise
ment for work now authorized at the Pre
sidio—the filling in of marsh lands and the
building of new stables— must be published
in one paper at Portland, Oregon.
In line with the policy recently adopted
by the Department at Washington for the
concentration of troops and the commis
sary stations, the depot for purchasing and
distributing commissary supplies at L,os
Angeles for the troops in Arizona and
New Mexico will soon be abolished. The
needed supplies will hereafter be pur
e -used in San Francisco and St. Louis.
Major W. A. Elderkin, commissary of
*<;ibsisience at Los Angeles, has been or
dered to report tor duty at San Antonio,
Texas. It is estimated that the Los An
geles purchases amount to $100,000 per
annum.
It is now accepted as a fact that the
First Infontry, which has been stationed
in this harbor for ten years, will be re
lieved this summer by the Fourteenth In
fantry. A report comes from Washington
that as soon as the transportation fund for
the next fiscal year is available in July,
two artillery regiments will change sta
tions, the Third and Fifth. This is ac
cepted as meaning that the Fifth, General
Graham's regiment, will go 3outh and the
Third come to San Francisco. The six
batteries of the Fifth regiment now uta-
tioned at the Presidio are occupying the
best military quarters Uiat the officers and
enlisted men of the regiment eyer saw.
Captain Frank Thorp's Light Battery D
moved into BricJc Barracks No. 3 last
Thursday. The accommodations provided
are modern and first-class. There ar«
reading-rooms, offices, sleeping apart
ments, modern toilet appliances, spacious
bath-tubs, kitchen range, dining-room,
.vide halls, abundant light, spacious porch
or veranda and views of sea, mountain
and fore&t that are unsurpassed.
Practice marches of artillery, cavalry
and infantry will be the order in this de
partment whether troops come or go under
the transfer system. The four companies
of the Fourth Cavalry, now on duty at the
Presidio, have been ordered to the Govern
ment reservation of Sequoia and Yosemite
lor patrol duty, and will march about June
1. Should the First Infantry remain, a
practice march to Santa Cruz and return
vriil probably be ordered. Under the
present regulations inlantry marches take
place in July and August. Light artillery
marches and practice occur in June and
J uly.
Lieutenant McGrath, Fourth Cavalry,
and Lieutenant Brown, Fourth Infantry,
are in San Francisco to appear before the
examining board for promotion.
Lieutenant Willoughby Walke, Fifth
Artillery, has been granted six months'
leave of absence on surgeon's certificate.
Lieutenant J. B. Erwiu, Fourth Cavalry,
has been promoted to the rank of captain.
Lientenant G. H. Preston, Fourth
Cavalry, has been transferred to Troop A,
Ninth Cavalry, Fort Robinson, Nebr.
The army officers that recently accom
panied the Marquis, Field Marshal Yams
gata of Jaian on his visit to military
stations of this harbor were General For
•yth, General Graham, Colonel Young,
Lieutenant Bell and Lieutenant Landis.
On ihe trip the navy was represented by
Chief Engineer F. A. Wilson, Constructor
Capps and Lieutenant Burrage.
Payments to troops on the muster of
March 31, 1896, are assigned to paymasters
as follows:
Major Alfred E. Bates— Presidio of San
Francisco and Fort Cal.
Major John 8. Witcher— Alcatraz Isl
and, Angel Island, Benicia Barracks,
Benicia Arsenal and San Diego Barracks,
Cal.
Lieutenant-Colonel David 8. Gordon,
Sixth United States Cavalry, who is well
known in San Francisco and highly re
garded in the army, is to be retired next
month. A measure is pending in Congress
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. APRIL 6, 1896.
to retire him with the rank of colonel.
He began his service in 1861, serving as
one of the guard of President Lincoln in
the east room of the White House In April
of that year. He served thirty-two years
m the Second Cavalry, and it is said of his
frontier duty that he has camped on every
stream on the eastern slope of the Rocky
Mountains from the Mexican border to
the British' Columbia line. He was pro
moted for gallantry at Gettysburg, and
won laurels in many Indian righto..
CADETS WILL DRILL.
Companies Selected for the Contest for
the Montgomery Trophy on
Friday Night.
The League of the Cross Cadets held a
competitive drill at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion yesterday afternoon in order to se
lect the three best companies to enter the
contest against Company B of St. Patrick's
Parish for the Bishop Montgomery trophy.
The contest will be held at the Mechanics'
Pavilion next Friday night, j The affair is
being looked forward to with the keenest
interest both by the boys and their friends.
The Archbishop, Bishop Montgomery,
Monsignor Nugent and other dignitaries
of the church will be present. The com
panies that competed in yesterday's drill
were the following: Company A. St.
Mary's Cathedral, Captain Drady; Com
pany D, Sacred Heart Parish, Captain J.
Mcßride; Company E, St. James Parish,
Captain William McCarthy; Company li,
St. Bridget's Parish, Captain Power; Com
pany H, St. Brendan's Parish, Captain J.
Power; Company I, St. Peter's Parish,
Captain Haggarty.
The three companies selected for the
competition on Friday evening will not be
announced until that time. The judges
were Captain Marshall, Captain Kggert
and Lieutenant Curzon of the First In
fantry, N. G. C. The judges on Friday
wiU be Captain Thorp, Captain Keilley
and Lieutenant Urley of the Fifth Ar
tillery, U. S. A.
Two Sadden Deaths.
The sudden deaths of two aged men were re
ported at the Morgue yesterday. In one case
the deceased was not identified. He wes a
man of about 70 years of nge and hnd been
roaming round the wharves of late, having no
fixed place of abode. The engineer of the bark
Germama gave him permission to sleep in the
engine-room, where he was found dead yester
day morning.
The other deceased was known as i-'amucl
Meyers, aged about 04 years. He had been
until recently engaged as a wool-sorter at
the woolen-mills before that institution was
closed. He resided at 3011 Larkin street,
where he was found dead in bed.
PROGRESS OF THE STRIKE
An Aggressive Move to Be Pur
sued Upon the Parrott
Block Tie-Up.
L?.bor Unions Again Confronted by
Their Old Enemy, the Profit-
Sharing System.
The Building Traues Council's grievance
committee and business agents have de
termined to pursue an aggressive policy
relative to the strike now on hand, and
particularly upon the strike on the Par
rott building. In the latter case extra
efforts will be made to induce Bruschke's
and Kuss' workmen to leave their work
and join the nnions of their calling. From
now on the job will be picketed, and every
means except violence will be used by the
union men to accomplish their end.
These extra efforts will be made in con
sequence of information received at head
quarters that both contractors are en
deavoring to bind their men to their re
spective shops by the introduction of the
profit-sharing system.
It is said that the system is or has been
in vogue in Kuss' shop. A union work
man who recently worked in Bruschke's
shop stated that the latter, since the strike
began, has been endeavoring to induce all
of his non-union men to sign a sort of co
partnership agreement based on the prin
ciples of the profit-sharing system. The
union men recognize the fact that once a
workman enters into such a contract it
will be impossible to ever induce the man
to leave the shop in which he believes he
has an interest. The profit-sharing busi
ness is regarded as most antagonistic to
trades unionism, therefore the determina
tion to reduce Bruschke's force before such
a contract can be entered into.
The council is desirous of correcting a
misunderstanding on the part of many
jelative to James L/Ogan's job on Post and
Larkin streets. It was reported that he
had violated an implied agreement with
the business agents in permitting non
union lathers to work upon his contract
longer than a day and a half after April 1.
The business agents and grievance com
mittee visited the premises and found that
the objectionable lathers had been dis
charged according to the understanding.
The job is fully unionized, and Mr. Logan,
who has always been a union man, asserts
that he will never have any but union men
work for him. The job in question has
been declared "fair" and will cause the
council no further trouble.
Reports upon the painters' strike are
very encouraging to the leaders. Since
April 1, when the working-card went into
effect, union painters have struck several
jobs where attempts were made to force
them to worK with non-union painters.
In most instances the non-union men have
been discharged, and the union men re
called. The painters' strike has been
greatly relieved by many of the employing
painters unionizing their shops. This per
mits a large number of painters to return
to work and heip those who are still out on
strike.
The Glaziers Union, the 1 youngest in the
Building Trades Council, has determined
to carry out the spirit of unionism to tho
letter. Their organization was effected,
not without opposition, but the union men
are determined to compel their emplovere
to recognize the councils. To this end" the
following notice to the men of that craft
has been issued under the seal of the
union:
San Francisco, April 4.
Glaziers will please take notice! That on
and after Tuesday, the Bth inst.all glazier*
will have to have a card. The same is ready
and will be distributed at the Temple Hall, 115
Turk street, on Monday evening. All union
workmen connected with the Building Trades
Council will please see lhat every glazier has
bis working-card.
CAUGHT IN THE ACT.
Officers Sleyers and Peshon Capture a
Chinese Lottery in Full Blast.
Ah Jfak and his cousin Ah On were
neatly surprised by Policemen G. W.
Meyers and P. A. Peshon of the China
town squad yesterday afternoon at their
lottery headquarters, 747)4 Sacramento
street.
The pair of wily Mongolians had before
them about 1000 lottery tickets, which they
were busily engaged in stamping before
being issued for sale for the afternoon's
drawing, when Officer Meyers, having pre
viously located the secret spring to the
patent lock, opened the door leading into
the room where the pair of law-bieakers
were at work. The haul made by the in
truding officers spoiled the Mongolians'
anticipations, inasmuch as the tickets had
all been marked at the selling price of ?1 25
each. On the outside, hid in convenient
doorways, were about fifty whito lottery
agents, who were waiting to fill orders
with the tickets, where delivered. In
this, however, they were doomed to dis
appointment, as the tickets, together with
the Chinamen, were safely locked up in
the California-street police station.
Nature's great remedy. Mitchell's Magic
Lotion fUtvayi relieves paiu and generally
cures. ♦
GEORGE R. B. HAYES DEAD
The Distinguished Attorney
Passes Away Suddenly at
His Home.
WAS PREPARING FOR CHURCH.
He Had Been Suffering From Dropsy
but tb.3 End Cams When Least
Expected. ♦
George R. B. Hayes died yesterday
morning at his residence, 2513 Pacific
avenue. Although he had been ailing for
some months past, hia death was wholly
unexpected and came with ecarcely a
premonition,
Mr. Hayes suffered for a long time from
a dropsical affection. Recently Drs. Win
dell and Luke Robinson operated upon
him and he seemed relieved, even when
the physicians saw his case was a hopeless
one. His condition remained the same,
fluctuating from day to day. Saturday he
complained of feeling unwell and stayed
at home, but yesterday morning he was
better, and made preparations to attend
services in St. Mary's Cathedral. While
dressing he lapsed into unconsciousness,
and in a brief time he was dead. The
immediato cause of death was pressure
upon the heart caused by dropsy.
Mr. Hayes was a successful attorney, a
George R. B. Hayes, the Brilliant Attorney Who Passed Away Yesterday at Ills
Homo in This City,
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
member of the law firm of Etanly, Hayes
& Bradley. He was also personal attorney
for Archbishop Kiordan. He was born in
Belfast, Ireland, in 1847, and educated in
the national schools and the Queen's Col
lege, Belfast. In 1863 he came to America
and did not end his journey until he ar
rived in San Francisco, where he entered
the law office of his uncle and completed
his legal studies. After having Deen ad
mitted to the bar he became associated
with the firm of Stanly & Hayes, which
then became known as Hayes, Stanly &
Hayes. Three years later Judge Sta'nly
withdrew to actas County Juage, and Mr-
Hayes and his uncle continued together
for several years. For a time he practiced
his profession alone, and in 1879 a new
firm, Stanly, Stoney & Hayes, was estab
lished. The three lawyers forming this
firm rose to the front ranks of the legal
profession in San Francisco, and eventually
Judge Stoney was succeeded by Mr. Brad
ley.
'Mr. Hayes made a reputation for him
self in the Colton case, in which he was
the workhorse, and led his colleagues in
many features of the great conflict. His
last "forensic appearance was as counsel
for Father Nugent in the Gallagher suit
over an estate, and his last effort in poli
tics was made before the Democratic State
Central Committee in the California Hotel
three weeks ago last Saturday, when he
protested against interference of the State
body in the party issue of San Francisco.
He was a atrone Democrat, and has been a
delegate for many years to the City, State
and National conventions. When quite a
young man he was elected to the btate
Legislature.
Those who knew him intimately speak
of him as a man geneiqus to the last de
gree, of kindly disposition and popular
among his confreres. He enjoyed an
abunuance of ready wit, was quick in ac
tion, aggressive and possessed of unusual
ability and talent.
He married about five years ago, and
leaves a widow. The funeral will take
place Tuesday morning.
EASTER AMONG GREEKS.
They Celebrate Their Holiday With
All the Pomp of Ancient
Days.
It is only about twice in a decade that
the Greek Easter comes on tho same day
as that of the Catholics, and yesterday
when this event occurred the Hellenis
Mutual Benevolent Society made it a point
to celebrate the event with all the ancient
pomp and modern side issues they could
throw in.
The religious ceremonies of the usual
order took place, beginning early in the
evening of Saturday at the Greek church
on Powell street, near Filbert. They
closed after midnight, and under ordinary
circumstances the entire congregation
would have celebrated the advent of Easter
by a trip into the green fields and by pelt
ing eacn other with eggs, colored and
otherwise, but emptied ot their meat so as
not to be hurtful.
The weather, however, stood in the way
of the outing and it was decided to gather
at some downtown hall or other place cal
culated to affurd shelter and comfort,
where Gregorian hymns, "Muezzin"
chants and "Kleptika," made famous by
Byron, might bo tieard.
The crowd went to the Bparta, where
M. D. Vanvales presided over the repast
and D. S. Camarinos, founder of the
Hellenic Society, saw tiiat the wave of the
silk was well done in the "Czarda" dance.
Among those present were: D. G. Cam
arinos, M. D. Vanvales, C. Demetrak, G.
Fundas, A. George, P. Carvounes, E.
Stathopulos, N. Apalodimas. A. Simaco
pulos, C. Capiios, C. Catechi, N. Dam
lanakes, G. Keppas, D. Adricn
akas, E. Pappagranakos, D. Ber
feies, N. E. Saceiarion, I). Zubultoe,
X. Caarames, N. Chronis, Z. Jeruison, B.
Keramidas, G. Manitaras, C. Scliris, D.
Kanelakis, A. Fundas, M. Bacopules, A.
Kosta, A. Pappageorge, P. Paudazes, E.
Kocinos, S. FarleKas, G. Miner and N.
Hakill.
THE THEATERS.
The Variety of Attraction* That Are
Offered at the Playhouse* This
Kvening.
This evening James O'Neill will open
the second week of bis engagement at the
Baldwin Theater with "Virginius." In
this he will assume the leading role and
will be supported by a good company that
will enable him to present this play in
good style.
At the California Theater this evening
there will be presented the latest success
to make an audience laugh. It is entitled
"The Night Clerk" and is from the peu of
John J. McNally. It will be presented by
the Peter F. Dniley Company and wiil be
staged with a view to make it most at
tractive.
The old-time California favorite, Frank
Mayo, will make his appearance at the
Columbia Theater this evening in his own
dramatization of Mark Twain's story,
"Pudd'nhead Wilson." It will be the first
presentation of the piece in this City.
"Doris" is the attraction announced at
the Grand Opera House for this evening.
This is an English story by Drouet written
for the purDOße of discouraging marriage
with divorced women. Miss Leigh will
appear in the character of Doris.
To-night the management of the Alcazar
will offer to its patrons "Ranch No. 10," a
play that has always been very popular.
Eugene Moore will appear as the twin
brothers, and Leonard Grover Sr. will
officiate as Judge in the great court scene.
"Blue Beard,"a spectacular extravaganza
that has been in preparation for several
weeks, will be offered at the Tivoli Opera
House this evening. John J. Raffael will
assume the title role and Carrie Roma will
appear as the scolding wife of the restau
raut keeper.
One of the four new attractions offered
at tbeOrpheum this evening is Mile. Elena
Leila, known in Europe as the "Singing
Doll." She is paid to have a remarkable
voice. Another attraction is Rosie Ren
del, a transformation dance artiste from
one of the English theaters.
At the Macdonough Theater in Oakland,
Anna Eva Fay will give her farewell per
formance, and in appearing for the last
time this season, will mystify the Oaklan
der with he powers in the cabinet and in
so-called mind-reading.
BROWN MAY GO NORTH
The Pastor of the First Church
Would Not Decline
a Call.
Has Not Yet Received Official Nolifi.
cation From Tacoma — Easter
Service and Classes.
The Easter decorations of the First Con
gregational Church were not nearly 00
elaborate as those offered to the pastor on
the occasion of his return to the pulpit
the Sunday following hit conviction by
the ecclesiastical council.
Dr. Brown appeared in excellent voice.
"Christ the First Fruits" was the theme on
which he dwelt at considerable length.
The order of the morning service was
elaborate.
At the conclusion of this exercise Dr.
Brown proceeded to organize what is
known as the Pastor's Bible class. Nearly
100 of his friends came forward and ex
pressed a desire to become members of the
new organization. This means that Mrs.
Cooper's Bible class is forever done away
with, so far as the pastor or the First Con
gregational Church is concerned.
At the evening service Dr. Brown took
for his subject, "Resurrections in This
Life." A full choral programme was ren
dered.
Mrs. Cooper's Bible, class met as usual
in Native Sons' Hall yesterday at 12:46
p.m. In spite of the extremely disagree
able climatic conditions 153 people were
present.
At 6:30 o'clock the Christian Endearor
ers met in the same room, 110 members
being present.
"1 am not prepared to dispute the story
published in The Call this morning,
said Pastor Brown, "concerning' my re
call by the First Church of Tacqma, and I
know absolutely nothing about it."
"The public is to understand then that
there is no truth in the statement," sug
gested the reporter.
"Not by any means," was the unexpected
answer. "I wan; to say that I have no
official notification of bucu action. As a
matter of fact, I would not be surprised if
such a thing had been tione, but if go I
have not been informed. Before my
acquittal a prominent member of the
Tacoma church said if 1 was not satisfied
with the verdict I could go back there. 1
have heard nothing more from him since
that time."
"Woul<i you accept a call from the
Taeoma church?" was then asked.
"I do not care to say at this time," the
pastor replied evasively. "A little later I
may have something to say on this
subject."
THE TOLNA MAY BE LOST
No Tidings of Count Festetics'
Yacht for Six Long
Months.
PKIENDS BECOMING ALAP.MED.
The Crew Msy Have Mutinhd or
the Vessel May Have Been
Caught by Cannibals.
Many of the friends of Count and Count
ess Festetics are beginning to feel alarmed
because no tidings of the yacht Tolna
have been received for six months. Last
October the little schooner left Sydney,
N. S. W., and the Count and Countess sent
word to friends in this City to forward all
mail to Japan. They stated that it was
their intention to sa>l there as rapidly as
they could, and then proceed on their voy
age around the world.
Mail and merchandise from this City
reached Japan all right, but evidently the
Tolna did not, and from all reports the
packages are still waiting claimants.
Whether they will ever come or not is now
beginning to look doubtful.
From all that can be learned nothing
has oeen seen nor heard of the Tolna since
she left Sydney. Several seamen who have
lately been in that part of the globe over
which the vessel would have to pass had
not heard a thing about tier. At the dif
ferent headquarters where seamen meet
and talk over things nobody can be found
who has heard anything about the miss
sing vessel.
A number of seamen are of the opinion
that the Tolna is not so very long overdue
considering the fact that she is a slow ves
sel and in charge of a man who is not a
practical navigator. Several old salts who
know every shoal and current in the
Pacific express the opinion that the vessel
will not be heard from for a year yet. They
say that unless a man thoroughly under
stands the trade winds he is likely to get
among some of the islands and stay there
becalmed, for months. Such things have
happened before and may happen again.
Captain Festetics is said to be a good
navigator, but he knows very little about
handling a sailing vessel and still less
about handling a nr.ew. Nor does he know
anything about the islands he would be
compelled to sail near. Many of them are
inhabited by people who are not far from
savages and a captain who knows his busi
ness would not go near them. There are
many other clangers to be calculated on
besides the dangers of the sea.
Ever since the Tolna has been in eh arge
of Count Festetics she has been in trouble
of some kind. She was attached for many
bills before she Jeft this port over two
years ago, and numbers of the crew de
serted because they were not being piop
erly fed. When she did get away she was
poorly manned, although the sailing
magter was a man who knew his business.
It took her nearly two months to reach
Honolulu and then al! her good men left
and a crew of natives were shipped. The
Count assuming full command.
There wus trouble between captain and
crew most of the time, and at Sydney it
was almost impossible to obtain a crew of
even the poorest men.
Captain Festetics is said to be very over
bearing toward the crew, and it is not with
out the realms of possibility that a mutiny
broke out in some deserted part of the
ocean and the end of the cruise will never
be told. Old seamen are inclined to be
lieve that this is the cause of the delay of
the Tolna, rather thau any peril of navi
gation.
KEW to-pat: -
Good-by to "straight-back"
dining-room chairs !
People are not asked to be
uncomfortable at meals for
style's sake any more.
Dining-room chairs are
made for comfort along with
style, now-a-days.
They are handsomer, because . they LOOK
comfortable— you cannot admire a chair that's
hard to sit in. ? T ~ v-v
Like picture — rich quar-
tered oak, polished ; cane
seat ; strong, serviceable.
Dining chairs, 92.25.
Arm Chairs (to match), 3.73.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
MEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mm. kstisk Kbelixq, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING—
■ Onr Easter Spectacular Extravaganza
"BLUE BEARD!"
la Old Friend in a New Dress.
— — Q-rtJES.A.T 1 CAST.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY!
GORGEOUS COSTUMES 1
ENTRANCING BALLETS!
Th« Latest Terpsichorean Novelty.
"RAYS OF LIGHT!"
Whole Show an Oriental Dream of Loveliness.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
SUTRO_BATHS
THIS < AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
HIGH AND SLACK WIRE
BY VOBLD-BKXOWNED
PROF. SEAL WILLIAMS.
GRAND CONCERT ;BY THE
First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, Band
at 2 ami 8 p. 31.
Admission ..........;:.......*....;.-. .......10 cents
Children .....;.... ...5 cents
NEW TO-DAY.'
Your Doctor will tefl
you that God-liver Oil \
will make bbetterr r richer
blood, bring back color
to your cheeks and put
on flesh where health
demands it; that Hy-
pophosphites tone up
the nervous system,
relieve exhaustion and
permit healthy activity -
of mind* To obtain
these results he will tefl
you that you must be
sure to get Scott's
Emulsion, which con-
tains the purest w Cod-
liver Oil and the largest
amount of Hypophos-
phites happily united by
its own peculiar process
and producing results
which no other Emul-
sion can promise*
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
rR!CDLAnQI.R.GOTTLQD« &■ Li»u«iDnAivwW»-"
THE ~~OF
A
PLAY CENTURY I
FIRST PRODUCTION TO-NIGHT ■
Of Mark Twain' a
PUDD'MEAD WILSON!
Dramatized by the Eminent Actor,
FRANK MAYO.
The Entire Original Great Company from
the Herald-square Theater, Sew York.
The Most Perfect American Play Ever
"Written.
COME AND SEE THE
LARGE ASD LKILLIAXT AUDIENCE.
"r^faKirßE I pro p&-
111 —TO-NIGHT— I THK I
GUESS a>d I HKST I
I YKS - I ALL THE WEEK. I EYKK - I
P " EB DAI LEY
In John J. ally's Greatest Laughing Success
THE NIGHT CLERK.
COMPANY SU V E l« B ! PRODUCTION
TO-NIGHT ! — TO-NIGIITt —
The Favorite Actor, '
james O'3SrH3l3Ljl_i
In the Last Presentation of "VI.MIINIUs"
"Greatest Virginius since John MeCullouKh."
—Examiner, 1804.
Tuesday and Sunday nights and Saturday
Matinee COUHIKB OF LYONS
Wednesday, Friday and Sat MONTK CKISTO
Thursday HAMLET
Next Mon.— Bio bard Mansfield in Beau Brummell.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between *;.ocl£;oa anl Pa f>'"-
MATINEE TO-DAY (EasTer Monday). April 6.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
A Brilliant Array of Sew People !
ELENA LEILA, ROSIE RENDEL,
LA BELLE CARMEN,
ADONIS AMES,
SEGOMMER,
THE MARVELLES,
BRUET AND RIVIERE,
THE NAWNS. Etc., Etc
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
' The Handsomest Family Theater In Atnerlo*.
WaLTKK MOUUSJCO, Sole Lesiea ana Mauagsr
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Robert Drouet's Masterpiece,
"DORIS!"
First Appearance of the Great Leading Actress,
MISS LISLE LEIGH.
An Unparalleled Cast : A Great Play.
. .Evening Pbicej— 2so and s*>3.
Family Circle and Gall err, 10c.
Csiial Mattneea Saturday and Sunday.
METROPOL]TAN TEMPLE.
FIVE GRAND CHORAL CONCERTS.
[MORMON I
TABERNACLE CHOIR
-^175 VOICES
Commencing WKDNKSDAY NIGHT,
April 15, to Sunday Night, April 19.
NO MATINEES.
Sale of Season Tickets now open at Sherman,
Clay Co.'s. Prices— Season seats. $5 and $4.
Single reserved seat sale begins Thursday, April
9. Trices $1 50 and $1.
fIACDONOUGH THEATER-OAKLAND.
» Night*. Beginning TO-NIGHT,
HOYT'S GKEATEST SUCCESS,
A MILK WHITE FLAG. fe>
A Laughing Triumph. Secure your seat*. '
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AN© EVENING.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES. Be '
Ladles— Chutes, Week-Day Afternoons, 5c
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
. (Inglcside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(KAIN OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. fl.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern Pacltlo trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. v.
are '. for round trip, including admission to grand
stand. 91. 'lake Jlissiou-bireet electric nu« dir^oi
to track.
A. E. SPRECKELS, W. 8. LEAKE. "
President Secretary.
78
SCENE AT ST. .MARY'S CATHEDRAL DURING HIGH MASS.
HOW EASTERTIDE WAS CELEBRATED IN SAN FRANCISCO CHURCHES
A Wealth of Bloom and Fragrance, a Concourse of Sweet Sound, and
Discourses Bearing Messages of Hope and Gladness
to the World.
The churches of the City wore crowded
yesterday. The usual number of worship
ers was doubled, and persons who attend
services but once a year were in evidence,
notwithstanding the fact that the weather
was discouraging to any such effort, »yen
With so interesting a topic as an exhibition
of spring millinery and dressmaking to
tempt fair and frivolous devotees. Most
of the triumphs of the milliners' and
dressmaker?' arts in the way of spring
creations were left at home, however, be
cause of the inimical effects of moisture.
The most magnificent of t lie temples of
worship were decked with Easter emblems
in costly profusion, but no edifice, how
ever humble, was without its rloral re
minders of the saeredness of the occasion.
Everywhere there was mtsic appropriate
to the season, in nearly every instance the
regular choir being considerably aug
mented. The sermons were messages of
hope to the world, of promise of rest after
weariness, of joy after sorrow, smiles after
tears and a heaven of happiness dominat
ing the griefs of earth.
St. nary* Cathedral.
St. Marys Cathedral was crowded
throughout the aisles, main tioor and gal
leries at the solemn celebration oi Easter
at 10:30 a. m. In the sanctuary great ef
forts had been made to produce an impos
ing scene and one altogether appropriate
to the festival. There were Easter lilies
and callas everywhere, from the altar-rail
hack to the iniiars and altar, standing in
beautiful masses of green and white, and
bunched like great clusters of plants
taught to climb upward around the col
umns and by the wails. Scattered in the
background tall palms heightened the
effect and helped to carry the wonderful
profusion of lilies in unbroken lines up to
the tabernacle. It was a dark day and in
side the cathedral a dim light prevailed.
But this only served to intensify the glow
from the grand candelabra among the
lilies and palms, with a result that proved
more than usually effective.
Solemn hich mass was celebrated by
Archbishop Riordan, who mam assisted by
Father Hannigan as deacon, Father Ramm
6ur>-deacon,;\'ery Rev. J. J. Prendergast
assistant priest, Fathers Byrnes and Con
way deacons of honor, and Father Mulli
gan master of ceremonies. The choir had
been largely augmented and rendered the
following selections: "Kyrie," "Gloria,"
'■Credo"' by Beethoven, in C; "Sanctum,"
"Benedictus' ami "Agnus Dei," from
Muzart's Twelfth Mass; "O Fili.-e,
O Filii," adapted from the Grego
rian. At the offertory Lambillote's
"Hcc Dies" was sung. The choir
was as follows, under the direction of Pro
fessor R. .J. Harrison, organist: Sopranos
Mrs. Noonan, Mrs. Kelliuerand the Misses
Pauba, Byrne, Higgins and Moulin; alto,
Miss Julia Sullivan, soloist ; tenors, Messrs.
Kelliher and Cantati; bassos, Professor S.
J. Sandy and \V. Stranz.
Monsignor Nugent delivered a strong
and eloquent sermon, in which lie urged
his hearers to live as witnesses of Christ.
He paid their life and actions and words
should stand out in bold relief, giving a
distinctiveness to their character and
ehowing there is a power and influence
superior to mere human motives. Catho
lic men of education most mix and stand
fortn with their fellow-men, and by their
knowledge be a witness of the faith in
them. In conclusion he urged the young
Inen to be loyal to God, humble, to Jead
Loly lives and be sober.
Rev. Samuel Bernard Hedges also
preached a most eloquent and touching
Easter sermon at St. Mary's Cathedral yes
terday morning. The feeling af the
Insurrection pervaded it, and the thou
sands who listened were thrilled at the
powerful narrative of Christ's sad life on
earth and his ultimate triumph over death
and the prave.
The text was taken from the 118 th
psalm— "This is the day which Ihe Lord
hath made; let us rejoice in it and be
glad."
Kaster Sunday! The great festival of exult
ant joy in the Christian year because above all
other days the Lord's day, the day which he
lia'h made.
We know Christmas day as a day of joy and j
gladness, and so it is, and yet that day was the ;
entrance of Christ upon a life of sorrow to end
i:i the transcendent sorrow of Calvary. The
festival 01" the transfiguration which gives '
manifestation of his divinity, foretelling the '
eternal transfiguration ia majesty and power, j
we know as a joy day also in the Christian!
calendar. But it was a mere passing manifes
tation—the giving of a hope unrealized.
We may come even to call Good Friday a joy
day, a strange joy indeed, born to us of sorrow
ana death, but a aay of joy such as consolation
bring 6 joy without gladness. Ascension day,
to those who believed Christ to be God, is truly
a joy day. But Ascension day is the comniem- |
oration of a victory passed and achieved. No, j
the great joy aay of the Christian year is this;
dny which the Lord hath mnde, and in it we
rpjojee, and we are glad. Alleluia! For it is
the commemoration of the victory of Christ
crer sin ana death and tne grave.
Kaster Sunday 2000 years a&o dawned in J
68'lness and all but dwpairto the little band j
of believers in Christ. Hither came the sor- J
rowfnl Magdalen seeking the Lord. How sim
ple, how touching the record of that first mani
festation of the risen Savior.
Mary! Raboni, Master] lie had risen as he
hud foretold. And it was to the penitent Mag
dalen that he first appeared. Oh, joy of Kastei '
To us will h.' appear on our resurrection from
sin. and we, too, may say the word Rabonl, Mas
ter. This was his first manifestation. Howsweel
the words with which he announces himself
at his second manifestation, when he appeared
to the women who had also sought his tomb—
"Fear not." Fear easts out joy. But this is the
day which the Lord hath made in it there
eon Id be no fear, and so the sweet words, "Fear
not."
It was on that same Easter morn he came
again. This time to the ten sitting in the room
with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. To
them it must have seemed a day of bitter gor-
DR. ROBERT MACKENZIE PREACHING ON THE RESURRECTION.
row. He was dead; he was in the tomb. The
Lord lißd come; his mission had been a fail
ure. No, there he stood with his sweet saluta
tion of pence, "Peace he unto you," the risen
Lord. Then to the disciples on the road to
Emmans. Quickly they return to Jerusalem,
and es they enter are greeted with the joyful
news, "The Lord is risen indeed, and hatli ap
peared unto Simon." Then unto Thomas, the
faint-heart-doubting Thomas. But should we
wonder, for have we not at times doubted in
him and his mercy and his power? Like
Thomas, when the Lord showed his hands and
his side to prove that he was indeed the risen
Lord, our prayer should be, "My Lord and ray
God."
Our joy to-day is the joy we heve in the truth
of Christianity, proved by the resurrection.
His stupendous miracle of his own resurrection
from the deaa was the proof positive of his
other miracles, of himself, of his doctrines.
When the Apostles went forth to preach his
gospel they appcnled to the fart of his resurrec
tion for the trutn of what they taught. His
resurrection proves to us this and their right to I
teach. And as lrom his and their doctrine is
born to us the lushest aspiration of our soul
to know what they taught is true— true beyond
all question or doubt— is to us a very boon of
joy. What to us would be Christianity without
the resurrection? A mere hope, unsustHined.
But as Christianity is true, Christ is true, his
word is true, and Easter is the proof thereof.
Hence is Easter our joy day. Alleluia! From
the resurrection ot Christ is born to us the sure
hope of our own resurrection, and hence
our joy.
St. Ignatius.
The altars of St. Ignatius were decorated
with Easter lilies in most lavish fashion
so that the effect was grand, indeed, when
the burning candles shed a luster upon the
sanctuary. Solemn high mass was cele
brated at 10:30 a. m. by Rev. Father Calzia,
Father Hickey was deacon and Father
Treca sub-deacon. The male choir was
strengthened by many new voices and
rendered Riga's mass and for an offertory
piece "Repina Cccli," by Benedict.
Father Woods preached on the appari
tion of the angel at the tombs. He said:
The angel hud not come merely to honor the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
resurrection of Christ, nor to roll away the
stone to let him out of the tomb. Christ did
not need the service of the angel to do this, as
be could pass through the stone as he did on
tbe evening of Kaster day, when, passing
through tbe closed doors, he stood amid his
Apostles.
So tbe angel came as the messenger of God to
announce the tact of the resurrection and as
an Instrument of divine grace to produce
supernatural faith in the souls of the holy
women.
This is the method God always uses in re
vealing himself to men. He chose the Apostles,
gave them their credentials sent them to
teach dogmatically, worked with them by
grace, and as they preached so men believed.
He works the same way to-day, because he has
not changed, man's nature lias not changed.
Wherefore the law made in the beginning still
holds good that "every understanding must be
brought into captivity to the obedience of
Christ." Do you then seek the true church of
Christ? Would you know whether there is
indeed on earth a vicar of Christ? Listen, and
when you hear resounding through the world
the voice of one teaching with authority, re
proving, exalting, opposing heresy and infi
delity to-day as vigorously as when in former
times his words were received by all men with
revereuce: when you hear him like the angel
saying, "Lo. I have told you, I in mission an
angel in authority, an apostle wielding as his
vicar all the authority of Christ," then bow
your hearts and hear his teaching, for the worn
in your ears is no longer the word of man but
of liod.
It seems, then, that it is this dogmatic teach
ing power of the. church that sets the world
against her. Calumnies are heaped upon
calumnies. We are told that the church is
opposed to the state, usurps the prerogatives
of the state, invades the rights of the state.
There can be no opposition between the church
and the state, for both come with all their
rights, all their prerogatives, from the one
God, who is perfect in all his works. The
world hates the church because the prince of
the world hates the church, which snatches
souls from hi? grasc and makes them sharers
in the resurrection of Christ. When, there
fore, as is sometimes the case in certain Euro
pean countries, the state turns away from
God and submits itself to those who are will
fully and knowingly the agents of Satan in his
warfare against the church, and receives from
them instructions as to its conduct with a hu
mility it never showed toward the Vicnr of
Christ, there must be an irreconcilable conflict
between the church and the civil power. But
in this case it is not the church that is invad
ing the rights of the state, but the state that is
struggling to destroy the church.
Let us not forget that the resurrection of our
Lord was from the dead. From the mere fact,
then, that so much on earth lies dead—de
prived of the life-giving grace of God— we have
a strong motive to pray and labor that God
may by his word of power call it to a glorioxis
resurrection and establish his kingdom
through the whole earth.
Grace Church.
Grace Episcopal Church was crowded to
the doors. Scores of late comers edged
their way to the space at the rear of the
building and craned their necks for a sight
of the magnificently decorated altar,
listened to the inspiring music, then fail
ing to secure even comfortable standing
room hurried out again into the rain.
The decorations could scarcely have
been more elaborate. The Gothic panels
were outlined by innumerable Easter
lilies, while ferns and callns were banked
about the altar. A line of lilies extended
across the spaces between the windows,
and the large cross donated by Miss Kate
Hutchinson and in place for the lirst time
FAIR WORSHIPERS AT ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH.
at the end of the center aisle was twined
with the emblems of purity.
Rev. K. C. Foute preached a doctrinal
sermon from the text, >l I know that my
Redeemer liveth. " Communion was ad
ministered at 8 and 11 a. m. The choir,
under the able direction of \V. H. Holt,
the organist, sang '-The Strife Is O'er" as
a processional hymn; the anthems, "They
Have Taken Away My Lord," "Christ, the
Lord, Is Risen To-day," "Jesus Christ Is
Risen," "Te Deum," " Jubilata."
"Gloria Tibi," "Kyrie" ; offertory, "Sanc
tus," "Gloria in Exeelsis," and as a re
cessional hymn, "He Is Ria«;n." The
execution of the choral music elicited gen
eral admiration.
The seventh monthly.festival was held in
the evening, when Homer Henley sang by
request the aria from "The Holy City,"
Frank Coffin "Hosanna," Sampson E.
Tucker "From the Depths" and Dr. David
Alexander Hodshead "Sing Ye Praises."
The choir rendered Gounod's chorus, "Un
fold Ye Portals" from "The RedeniDtion"
and the processional hymn "The Strife Is
O'er," also the vesper hymn "Jesus, Meek
and Gentle." Mr. Holt concluded with
W' lv's ' Offertoire in G" by request.
For the first time the surpliced choir of
A GLIMPSE OF GRACE EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
that cburch was preceded by a cross in the
procession to he tchancel, Cyril E.
Holt being the bearer.
First Presbyterian.
The impressive services at the First
Presbyterian Church were attended by as
many as the church could, by any ingeni
ous device, accommodate. The wealth of
floral decorations in purest white gave to
the edifice an air of more than usual sa
credness and the devout attendant forgot
the artistic arrangement of the decora
tions in the thoughts their symbolism
suggested.
In the morning Dr. Robert Mackenzie
preached on the resurrection and the les
sons to be drawn therefrom. Dr. Gilbert
F. Graham sang "I Know That My Re
deemer Liveth" (Waud). and Miss Daisy
Cressy rendered the solo "Immortality"
during the offertory. Th» choir selections
were: "Come and See the Place Where
Jesus Lay," "Rise, Glorious Conquerer,
Rise," ''Every Flower That Blossoms,"
and "The Head Once Crowned With
Thorns." The organ prelude was from
Mendelssohn.
Rev. Edwin Hart Jenks preached in the
evening, the sermon being preceded by a
short Easter praise service. A Weber selec
tion was chosen for the organ prelude and
the postlude was from Raff. A quartet
rendered "The Angel of the Lord." Mrs.
Riggs gave the solo "Easter Eve," and J.
C. Hughes, during the offertory, "O, Day
Divine." The choir sang the anthems
"Why Seek Ye the Living Among the
Dead" and "The Singing of Birds," and
the hymn, "Crown His Head With End
less Blessings."
Trinity Presbyterian.
The earnest discourse of the pastor, Rev.
J. Cumming Smith at Trinity Presby
terian Church, was supplemented by the
following excellent music:
Organ prelude, ••The Incarnation" (Gounod);
double chorus, "The Earth Is the Lords'"
(Neithardt); solo and chorus, "Come See the
Place Where Jesus Lay." (Parker): tenor
solo, "The Resurrection (Shelley). William
Wood ; chorus "As sleep Takes Flight" (Shelley) ;
solo, "I Know That My Redeemer Liveth" "Mes
siah" Bin. C. W.Mark; response, "There's Not a
Tint That Paints the Hose" ; duet, "I Will Mag
nify Thee" (Mosen thai), airs. Mark and Mr.
Wood; chorus, '-Christ Our Passover" (Beale);
organ poitlude, "Unfold Ye Portals Everlasting"
(Gounod).
Plymouth Congregational.
At Plymonth Congregational Church
Dr. W. D. Williams preached eloquently
upon the spiritual significance of the re-
surrection. The music at the morning
service was as follows:
Oman, "Chant dv Fest" (VHbac); invoca
tion; anthem, "Christ Our Passover" (Wil
liams): quartet. "Christ, the Lord, is Risen To
day" (Johnston i : nnthem, "Lift Your Glad Voices"
(Haesrhe); offertory, soprano solo, "O Heart
IJowpd Down, Arise" (Roeder). soloists— Mrs.
Eva Tenney, .Mrs. .1. W. Madden, W. M. Simonsen
and Charles L. I'arent Jr. U. 8. Stedman, organ
ist and conductor.
I T»t Unitarian.
The First Unitarian Church celebrated
Easter by appropriate music and decora
tions, and by -ermons commemorative
of thu day, both morning and evening.
The music consisted of:
Organ prelude, grand chorus in D (Gullmant);
anthem, (a) "When Jesus Was Itisen," (b) "He
Was Despised" (Lynes), (c) "Christ Being Raised
From the Dcart"(Schi!lins;); string quartet, "Largo"
(Haydn): -Gloria" in B fiat (Gilchrist): anthem,
"God Hath Appointed a Day" (Toursl ; prayer:
string quartet, "Andante Cantabile," op. II
(Tschaikowsky); offertory, "The Light of the
Better Morning"; anthem, (a) "My Hope la in
the Kverlasting," tenor solo (Stainer); (6) "Awake
Thou That H<-epest" (Maker); organ nostlude,
"Allegro Vivace," sonate Xo. 1 (Mendelssohn).
Second Unitarian.
Rev. A. J. Wells preached in the morn
ing on "Our Immortality," and in the
evening on "Blossoming Life, or Why
Unitarians Observe the Festival." Miss
Lena Roberts was the soloist in the morn
ing. She sang "The Resurrection," and
at the evening service the solos were
"Consider the Lillies," by Mrs. Noble, and
"I Saw a New Heaven and New Earth,"
by Mr. Wood.
West Side Christian.
"Tlie Open Grave" was Rev. W. A.
Gardner's topic at the West Side Christian
Church yesterday morning. The music
was as follows:
Orpan voluntary, "Prayer of Lohengrin" (Wag
ner); hymn, "The Savior's Wondrous Death";
anthem, "Palm Branches" (Faure); hymn, "In
the Cross I Glory"; Kaster Anthem" (Sudds);
i nymn, "The Angela That Watched Hound the
Tomb": cornet soo, "The Holy City," N. F. Bern
ington: Offertory solo, Mrs. Walletts.
Thirty of the Sunday-school children
presented an Easter programme in tb«
evening.
Trinity Episcopal.
The lily seemed to breathe its Easter
welcome to the many who gathered at the
three services at Trinity Church yester
day and rejoiced anew before the open
sepulchers and the risen Savior of the
world. And the lily was not alone in its
welcome. There were the lilac, the rose
and the fern, all offering up their beauty
and their fragrance.
The morning services were rich in splen
did ceremonial and Easter song. In the
afternoon California Coramandery No. 1,
Knights Templar, held forth, and in the
evening the Sunday-school children gave
their exercises. The Rev. George Edward
Walk, M. A., rector of Trinity Church,
conducted the trinity service and preached
an eloquent and appropriate discourse on
each occasion. The morning service in
cluded communion and these Easter
anthems were sung: "Christ, our Pass
over, Is Sacrificed for Us," Frank N. Sher>
perd; Te Deum, in B flat, H. J. Stewart;
Jubilate, in B flat, H. J. Sewart: hymn,
Palestrina.
There was a large turnout of Knight s
Templar at 3 p. m., though the rain poured
down in torrents. Those who officiated
were Commander Sir Martin Jones, Gen
eralissimo Sir John P. Fraser, Captain-
General Sir C. H. Wilson and Private G.
E. Walk. The services were of a most ,
interesting character. There were anthems,
glorias and solos, organ and violin. The
music of this service was rendered by the
regular choir of Trinity Church: Miss
Millie Flynn, Miss Rowena If. Tarrant,
Miss E. Eggers. Mis? E. Mills. Mr.-. Herbert
C. Porter, Mrs. John D. Gibley, Mrs. Olive
Reed, Miss Maud Bumeschein, Miss Levy,
H. M. Fortescne. Osuood Putnam, E. L.
Atkinson, Berkely Fearce. J. L. Marshall;
H. J. Stewart, organist and musical
director.
The Easter festival of the Sunday-school
of the parish was held in the evening. De
spite the rain there was a large attendance
of parents and friends. Jessie Wardter
was awarded the rector's gold medal for
general merit, and Frances Kidd and
Georgia Harris carried away silver medals
as testimonials of their efficiency. The
rector spoke to the children in cheering
words, and was glad to see so many, with
song and prayer, lifting up their pure
young hearts to Jesus, himself a child.
"I wish to say to our older friends," he said,
"that we are endeavoring in the Sunday-school
to teach the young that as they grow older
they will more and more appreciate the glories
auil blessings of God. We send our children to
the public schools that their minds may be
trained, that they be equipped for the great
battle of life, but there is something needed
more than mere mental training— the glories
of the spiritual life— and therefore we must
bring their young souls to the Savior, that
they may know, love and obey him."
At the Y. M . C. A.
The Oakland Orchestra with its pretty
young ladies proved the principal uttrac
tion of the Easter praise service in the Y.
M. C. A. auditorium yesterday atternoon.
Chauncey M. Depew was expected to
address the audience, and every seat in the
hall was filled by young men, while the
gallery was well sprinkled with women in
expectation of hearing the well-known
speaker. But Mr. Depew was not able to
spare the time for an address on the eve of
his departure.
The Rev. John Stephens, pastor of Simp
son Memorial etiurch, delivered an address
necessarily abbreviated because of the long
musical programme. He took for his sub
ject "The Resurrection, and Its Relation to
Modern Enlightenment." He said that
all light and knowledge in reference to the
immortality and existence of a God de
pends on the revelation of the scriptnres.
The only satisfactory foundation for
revelation is in the resurrection of Christ
from the dead. Although the doctrines of
Christ were excellent, and as an example
perfect, men have no sufficient pretense
offered for the knowledge that Christ rose
from the dead. Had it not been for their
steadfast faith in the resurrection, Jesus
might have been considered a great genius,
but not as a divine being.
At the Russian Cathedral.
Rev. Father Greenkovitch, assisted by
all the priests in the diocese, officiated at
two elaborate and beautiful services at the
Russian Cathedral .yesterday.
At the morning service the church was
decorated in the most elaborate manner.
The altar was a mass of flowers and all the
pictures on the walls were hung with
garlands. The columns were festooned
with evergreen?.
Father Grcenkovitch's sermon was ap
propriate to the occasion. He told the
story of the Resurrection, beautifying it
with texts and selections from the Scrip
tures. The edifice was taxed to its utmost
to hold the crowd that sought entrance.
At the evening service Father Greenko
vitch officiated, but nearly all of the dec
orations had been removed. He did not
preach a sermon, but read the usual even
ing service. A special blessing was asked
for the Emperor and Empress of Russia.
Xueatra Senora de Uuadalupe.
Easter Sunday was celebrated at the
church of Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe
by two services yesterday, Father Valado
mat officiating at both. The altar was
decorated with a profusion of white
flowers and a number of emblems.
Nothing elaborate was attempted at
either of the services, as Archbishop Rior
dan is to confirm forty candidates to-day,
and everything is to be on the grandest
scale. The confirmation service is to take
place at 10 o'clock this morning. An
elaborate musical programme has been
arranged, and the little boys and girls are
to enter the church in processional order.
A large number of priests from different
churches will assist at the service.
The Holy Spirit.
The Church of the Holy Spirit added
nine new members to its list yesterday
morning. Twice as many partook of com
munion yesterday as three months before.
Franklin Hall, where the chuch assembles,
was decorated with palms, ferns and
flowers. A friend of the pastor presented
a beautiful communion set, complete, with
baptismal bowl, to the church. Mr. Mil
ler preached from the text, "I am he that
liveth and was dead."
Notre Dame dea Victolres.
That innate taste for which French
women are so well known displayed itself
in the decorations of the Church of Notre
Dame dcs Vicioires. Lilies were used
principally and profusely, but not so much
as to overcrowd the altar. In graceful
clusters, daintily tied with ribbons, scat
tered here and there, loosely peeping from
themiustof ferns, they turned the chan
cel into a vast bower.
The ladies who deserve the credit of the
tasteful floral arrangement are Mesdames
J. Bluxome, Edouard Chevassus and Mes
demoiselles Emilie Hoffman and Marie
Wallace.
Mass was celebrated by Father Alex
ander Loude, and Emile Gente, S. ML, de
livered the sermon.
He preached on the subject of the
"Divinity of Jesus Christ." "We hare believed and have known that thou art the
Christ, the Son of God," was his text
The sermon was divided into two dis
tinct subjects, the first being, "Jesus
Christ has himself said he was God."
The second was, "He always acted as
God."
The choir was led by Professor Martinez,
organist, assisted by Miss Florence Gar
rissere, soprano ; Miss Anna Grozelier, con
tralto; Mr. Lane, tenor; John McAuliffe,
basso; Miss A. Vergez, soprano; Miss
Irene Mull, contralto; M. de iiossi, tenor.
Third Congregational.
The services at the Third Congregational
Church were well attended by crowded
congregations morning and evening. In
the morning the sacrament of the Lord's 1
perwu observed and new members :
admitted. Rev. William Rader, the pastor, '
on "The Victorious Christ" In the
evening there was a special musical ser- I
vice, of which the solo by Miss Grace Car
roll of Oakland was the feature. The pastor 1
spoke on "The Easter Message." He said:
"In bis 'Redemption' Gounod doea not ,
omit a chapter in the life of Christ. He
rightly sees redemption in his life and
death. Resurrection completes cruci
fixion. It is God's tribute to man. It
puts purpose into existence. Easter
brings a message of peace, the force of
love, not the love of force. The idea cele
brated by Easter is that life is more than
death. The vacant tomb sends a message
of joy. Irreligion is doubtful, religion is
happiness. The deepest, grandest Easter
note is joy."
Howard-Street Methodist.
A Sunday-school Easter festival was
held at the Howard- street Methodist
Church in the morning. The school ren
dered an Easter service entitled "The
Morning Cometh," besides numerous reci
tatives, songs and anthems. Dr. Case's
evening sermon was commemorative of
the day, and the choir, under the direc
tion of the organist. Martin Schultz, sang
the anthems "Awake, Thou That Sleep
est" (Simper) and "Christ the .Lord Is
Risen Again" (Buck).
Central Methodist.
Dr. E. R. Dille preached a missionary
sermon on the eubject, "The Whole Wide
World for Jesus," at the Central Methodist
Church yesterday morning. Following
was the music-
Anthem. "Christ the Lord Is Risen" (Shelley),
choir; hymn, "The Head That Once Was Crowned
With Thorns,"' choir and congregation; solo and
chorus, ' Lift Your Glad Voices" (Holden): offer
tory, -Kaster ttons" (Howe), Miss Caroline Boyau;
hymn, "Jesus Shall Reign Where'er the Sun,"
etioir and congregation.
Simpson MeiuoriM Methodist.
The decorations of Simpson Memorial
Methodist Church were, unusually taste
ful. Rev. John Stephens, the pastor,
preached at both services. The following
musical service was effective:
Openmg voluntary, "The Heavens Are Telling"
(Haydn;; "How Calm and Beautiful the Morn .
(Schnecker); "(iiir Lord Is Kisen From the i
read' (Sk-hnecker); '-Christ Our Passover" (Bris- !
to we); processional march (Glrardv In tho
eveniac— -lirand Choir' (Prison): "Fill the Font
Wi:h Hoses" ("Warren), and the choral service,
"Easter Praises,"' by the Sunday-scho 01, assisted
by the choir.
First Knglish Lutheran.
The First English Lutheran Church ob
served the day in a fitting manner. Rev.
0. H. Gruver preached on the resurrection,
and in the evening a surpliced choir of
thirty children led in the praises. A carol
set to music, dating from the lifteenth cen
tury, "The World Itself Keeps Easter
Day." was sung. Lilies, cut flowers and !
potted plants were used in the effective
decorations.
Hamilton-Square Baptist.
Rev. A. M. Russell, tho pastor, preached !
pennons appropriate to the occasion morn- !
ing and evening. The music was as fol- j
lows:
Organ prelude by William Nuthall: anthem,
■•fhrist the Lord is Risen To-day," by the choir-
Mrs. Richard Bayne. soprano; Miss Jessie Feath
.•r-;one, alto; John Sempey, bass; David Sawtelle, |
tenor; anthem, '-Oh. Hiig Vnto the Lord; offer
tory, 6010 by Mrs. Richard Bayne.
Emmanuel Baptist.
Rev. J. George Gibson's theme in hia i
morning diecousre at Emmanuel Baptist !
Church was "O Death! Where is Thy j
Sting?" In the evening he preached from
the text "Woman, Why Weepest Thou?"
Union-Square Free Baptist.
The pastor delivered a strong gospel
Berraon, and the following music was ren
derea at the Union-square free Baptist
Church:
Orjan prelude, followed byTemplu's Easter chant j
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track.
■ p new wtf re tfce torses bave no record ac the d.siaiice to be run the records at th« next nearest
r ■ ' in ft are given.
A bbrev:aticns— F.. fast; Fa., fair: H., beavy; m., mile; 1., furlong; •, about.
KIKST KACE— Half mile; maiden two-year-olds.
Index, j
Name.
Lbs
: Best
record.
1 Dist.
Tk.
Lbs
Owner.
I'edigree.
950 Mohenzollern... 106
350 Charlemange... 106
929 Modestia 110 ........
Placeman j 110
•;.•• 903 j Proselyte. 113
•• iPartbamox 113
929 Lady Hurst 103
. .. 938 iRastns 110
• . " 929 DUhllta 110
715 I Billy Vice. 108
{Laura Burr 110
950 ; Sister Adelle....jlO3
:::|
—
j.... iElmwood stopkfrm Imp. jtirutus-iirown Maria
jW. O'B. M'donou|[ti : S-.. Carlo-Muta
Cambridge stable...: Prince of Xortolk-Eaa
... IS. C. Hildreth A pache- Josie D
Westohpsror stahle. Tyrant-Proso
....; Burns .tWaternouse Imp. Maxim-Partbenia
— U illiam Napi<-r — ; Imp. Martenhursi-Cheeriul
IBoherainn s;able.... F:ambpati-Ma?cli» R
Nevada stable loo Uooker-Oxilla
J. O. Bayley Imp.. Sir Modred-Dixianna
A. B. Spreckels s H i vator-D?lignl
.... E. Corrigau | Hiley-Sisterly
....
i
..«
....
I
PECOND KACE-Five and a naif
Nnroe.
Best
record.
Tk.
Wtl..U>lMfOW I 92 1:081/4 &\' z t i
907 Shield Bearer. 105 l:0ia.i 6i
901 Tim Murphy.... 105 1:06V* 51A 1 1
(947) Uoart Warmer.. , PO 1:01i| 5t
901 Tonlno 00 1:34' 7f
CJ7 Irma... 1001:11 I by, f 1
705 Vernon 102 1:09 6^/1 f I
960 1'at Murphy.... 102 1:11% 5V2 1
92« Re*llzatlOD 108 1 -07:; , fti/ a * i
U57 Oo:d Hue ilO5':l:O8V4l r.'.,f
960 iMobolasca 92 1:361/4 61
•869 IZoolein 108'l:17i/ 4 61
j 90 F.. J. G. Follausbee :imp. San Sjmeon-MMria F
; 95 V.. V. Phillips Imp. WjiKner-Mainie Cole
|1O5 F.. White <fc Clarke 'Jmp. Kvrle Dalv-Majreie K
!1U8 F-. B. tilsall |rrankRhodes-B..lle.
il'O F.. B.C. Hilitreth J. H. Kenton-Lizzie B
104 H.. T. Fitzgerald !8t. Saviour-Ella T
i ttl F .. Westcbester stable. ; Powlmuai.-Vtrna.
101 H.. 1 A. B. Spreckels ! Imp. Kyrlp Daly-Maggie B
■107 F.. California stable Ke^em-Sadie.
129 F.. J. Hunter Pitiabursrh-Mollie S
1 US F . . R. Corrigan | A pache-TTioksey.
122 H..iJ. Robbing iZorilla-Frault-in*.
1 HIRD RACK— One mile.
Index.
Lbs
Beet i
record.
I I
Lbs Tk. I
DlsU
Pedigree.
... NorniRn 106 ' ... EL A L. Graram....
(9. r >3> Babe Murphy... 10: 1 :4L':'i lm ' 97>F... L. Kzell
1 Lobencnes Ui6 1:41% 1 in 100 F...;u. B. Morris&Co..
'■'6b Yankee Doodle. 94 1:42 lm lot! K .. Cum bridge ftlabie
(940) Major Cook 10;< 1:45 lm f»t; Jl.. I.'vinjrston stable. .
9t>5 Ip..MissBrummI 89,1:471,4 1 l-ISm 88 F... \V.O'BMacdouou«b
Black Duck-by .Morgan
K lias Lawrence- PrincosGlen
Hudson-Zulu
Prince KoyHl-Manzanita
Bulwark-Sister to Violet
Beau Brummel-Maiden Bell
FOUBTH RACK-One and a sixteenth miles: bana.cap.
•Best ;
Name. Lbs Record i Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner.
9b3 Logan 107 l:4()i/ 9 !] m 119 F Alex shields
■ 3 Kosebud ' 99 l:41i.i lm I106F. . Burns* Waterhuuse
■ . (863) «isterMary '102 1 : 283/ 4 7f 94F..W. B. sink i
9 4 Ham Leak- ; 94 1 : 29»4 17 f 108 F. . A. B. Sprerke'l's '
Peter II. j 90 l:47»/4 1 J-16 m 109 F. . Elmwooa stk. faraij
•,• Index.
Name.
I .Best ;
Lbs Record!
I V'oltfgeur-Pert
Tyran ■ i'.oscruary
Imp. Wooiilauds-^lster
' Imp. Darebin-Carrie C
, Imp. Brutus- Bonnie Jean
V
UTH RACE-Seven furlongs: selllDg.
j ; ; -Index.
- 939 -I'uchofMilpitaS'
651 Perseus
; = (968) Uooowin II... !
966 I'odega
S28 Monterey
-■-" 957 Mosler ... .'.."
923 Ha&ford-
959 1'unKarven
.' 986 Charles A
923 All Smoke..
■ 961 Waller J. ...'...'
■ 928 [Garcia "\\
i Best I
Lbs record. Dist. Lb» Tk. Owner." Pedigree.
! 96 1:411/* In 98 F.. Klrnwood stock frm , Duke Norfolk-Ledette
iRV 1 :M 7 l 96 H.. Cambridge stable.. i Imp. King Gal op-Nanka
Tm J : on V. lHjF.. Burns*Waterhuuse:l m p. ill Used-Little Hopes
1011:20 6f 101 H " A. Berry.... Powhattan-Cadlea
uk liiSHrS! 103 *" - a Bayley : Hidalgo-Glen Ellen
|SSU : S2W 7f i 94 F - A. B. Spreckela.... Fiaml.<-au-MozMle
ini i : ?ni<* V.V Si S— V allfornU ataWo— Imp. Kyrle Daiy-VIsalia
101 1:50% l j-ism 99 h.. L. XseM Hindoo-imp. Calphurnia
i 10 * P.Archibald John A-Karly Kose
in? i'ViV/ !VV"' •■ L. Stephens.......: Imp. Silk Gown-Ordnance
lafiiiS ? f i 22 i 8 " F.McUerniott.....: j Inn.. True Briton-LIUIe 8 '
10111:411^ 1 m I 86 i .. A. O. Morris........ WIIdldie-.NjglUhawk
I
Best
Lbs record. \ Dist.
109 I -.073,4 ' ttfc'f"
82 1:0514 5 f
: 106 l:0H3 1. ri^f
109 1:42 1 m
j 92 1:16 4 *6f
95 |
I 93. I ;.
••• . »66 Valiente
•■'.• i)iJ3 Articus...'. :
I. S<65 ] Nelson
• 9d6 Doubtful
: 479 Alvero
j 956 Hiram Aigu.... :
i 872 Nephew '
; 930 1'ollock j
923 ( Daylight
908 jCainelia j
.index, i
LbsiTk. Owner.
\U3K.. A. G. Morris '
....I.... P. Archibald
Ill F.. Davt-nport siable...;
103 H.. |H. Kzell !
,105 H.. Santa Auita stable, i
109 F..,B. Solir-iber... I
103 F..K;. Robo..
10b H..:Z. Abrahams ...\
U. G. Brown <ft Co. J
iE-Coriigan |
Jim Brown-Viola
ArKyle-<i!cniocli
Duke Nort'oik-N'ell8on
; Doubt-NatcUltoche
(■:ll:i|. . ',!i! !i
uano-iiiita .:
| Imp. Saxon-Gold Basis
|Springbok-The Neice
Howard
bymn 4. "Christ Rose from Depths of Earth." Greek
melody: anthem, "Christ the Lord Is Risen To
day" (Giovani); jubilate. "O Be Joyful in the
Lord"; hymn IS7 "Vain the Stone, the Watch,
the Seal" (Wesley); anthem "Lo. He Is Risen.
Hallelujah:" (Palmer); offertory. '-Welcome
Happy Morning" (Ellerton); hymu 306, "I Know
tr.at My Redeemer Llveth" (Wesley) ; organ post
lude. J. ri. Norris. organist and director.
First Baptist.
"The First Easter" was Rev. M. P.
Boynton's theme at the First Baptist
Church in the morning. Special music was
an attractive feature of ttie service. The
evening was devoted to a sacred song
service by the choir and chorus.
The Latin Republican Club.
The Italian-Swiss Republican Club was reor
ganized last Monday evening and consists of
many of the best Swiss- and Italian property
owners in and citizens of San Francisco, and is
the strongest political club in the Latin quar
ter, having a membership of over 500. The
following officers were elected: F. G. Picaroli.
president; F. Giovanninf, first vice-president;
F. G. Martinoni, second vice-president ; G. G.
Camozzi. third vice-president; F. Figore, treas
urer; A. T. Decamilli, secretary; directors— G.
Torre, G. Boscacei, F. Roneelli. G. Oliva, L.
Gulnasso, C. Si-lna, G. Cordaua, N. Ferruggiaro,
A. bricca, L. Torre, G. Figore, H. Ratti.
IN HONOR OF MRS, COOPER
Sunday School and Kindergarten
Named for the Earnest
Public Worker.
Steps Taken Looking to the Organi
zation of a Church for the
Sunset District.
The Sarah B. Cooper Congregational
Christian Endeavor Sunday-school and
Kindergarten was formally dedicated yes
terday. The heavy rain and cold west
wind did not prevent the little building
at the corner of Ninth avenue and II
street from being crowded to its utmost
capacity.
The exercises ooened with a short, fer
vent prayer, the California Quartet follow
ing with a song appropriate to the occa
sion. Mrs. R. A. Tuttle, to whose earnest
work the present organization owes its ex
istence, made a few remarks covering the
period of her first work in the Sunset dis
trict down to the present time. The first
meeting was held on the last Sunday of
the year just past, at which time some
eighteen children presented their names
for membership. The Sunday-school now
boasts of forty-two scholars, the Endeav
orers' society having just nine less.
Mr. Tuttle, who has been actively inter
ested in the work of the new organization,
then spoke as follows:
Mrs. Cooper and Members of her Bible Class:
We extend to you a hearty welcome, dear
friends, for we feel it an honor, the visit you be
stow upon us to-day and the interest you take
in this little grain of mustard seed, which, I be
lieve, God has planted here in Sunset Heights,
and the result ot the work has just begun to
develop by twenty-one confessing Christ and
trying to lead a" Christian life. Our Sunday
school has forty-two members; our Christian
Endeavor has a membership of thirty-three,
and they are progressing finely in the Master's
work.
About three years ago Mrs. Cooper was
teaching In one of her greatest moods. Her
eloquence was almost divine. Iler clearness of
thougnt, awakened by her enthusiasm in the
Master's work, was impressive. Her beautiful
power of illustration and the depths of her
feeling showed the broadness of her sympathy
and a most touching tenderness, appealing to
our best feelings.
And the message I seemed to receive that
day was, "What are you doing for Christ and
the uplifting of humanity?" And from that
day 1 was a convened man, and I made the
resolve then, that with God's help I would re
ject the good to others that, came to me tiiat
day.
Mrs. Cooper said in reply that she ap
preciated greatly the honor that had been
conferred on her name. She was sure that
with such earnest workers at the head of
the new organization it could not fail to
become a shining light in God's field of
Christian workers.
Following the dedicatory services George
Gaden made an earnest appeal for an im
mediate church organization. Rev. Mr.
Wirt warmly seconded his remarks, with
the result that the people of Sunset Valley
will soon have a Congregational church in
their midst. Mrs. Cooper's Bible class has
pledged one-half of the pastor's salary and
it required only a few minutes' work on
Mr. Wirt's part to secure promises for the
balance.
Another meeting will be held this week,
when letters-missive will be addressed to
the Bay Conference asking that they be
recognized.
This is the first church in America or
ganized under the new Congregational
rules.
Inquiries show that seventeen musicians
have been knighted by the Queen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
The Advantages to a City of a
Fine Boulevard
System.
STRIKING ILLUSTRATIONS.
Encouragement for Buyers of Coun
try Property — The Week's
Record.
Outside of the auction sales last week
there was but little activity in the real es
tate market. Wnat changes or develop
ments the near future has in store 15 all a
matter of conjecture. Many men whose
judgment and opinions are held in high
esteem would not have predicted several
years ago that the market would be as dull
as it is now. And it may so happen that
while an early improvement is not looked
for circumstances may combine to bring
about a change for the better sooner than
anticipated. When an improvement doea
occur there may be many eager buyers for
various properties at much higher prices
in many instances than such properties
would sell for now. Those who buy on
the present mamet will reap a golden har
vest for their good judgment and fore
sight.
Good streets do more to enhance real-estate
values, possibly, than any other single influ
ence, and it is gratifying to note the vigorous
right that its being made by the Merchants' As
sociation to have the cobblestone pavements
replaced by bitumen. While it is to be hoped
that the association will be successful in its
efforts in this direction, there ' is still another
line of what may properly be 'classed as street
improvements to which but ", comparatively
little attention has been given. It is the mat
ter of establishing boulevards and drives and
in properly caring for the numerous little
parts or squares scattered about the City,
he value to the residence portion of any city
of improvements of this character can scarcely
be estimated, ■ San Francisco people have up to
the present time been slow to appreciate the
desirability of beautifying the City and of
making the different small parks as attractive
as possible. ■ -......-....
Larger and older cities realize the impor
tance of such features, not alone for the charm
that they add to the city's appearance, but
also for the advantages they offer in promot
ing good health by affording places for out
door exercise— good breathing-places, so to
speak. Of late years London has purchased in
the neart of the city, at great expense, private
property upon which improvements were
located, and has converted such places into
parks. In New York City and Chicago mil
lions of dollars have been expended in estab
lishing parks and boulevards, and to ■ cap the
climax New York is abont to expend the enor
mous sum of $20,000,000 to establish a mag
nificent boulevard four and a half miles in
length along the Hudson River. Of this sum
it is estimated that $3,000,000 will be required
to purchase rictus of way.
These examples serve" as striking illustra
tions of the value attached to improvements of
this kind by older cities, and San Francisco
people should begin to realize th c importance
of making a move to inaugurate similar im
provements here. A start, but a very slight
start, however, has been made in this direction
by the recent action of the Board of Supervisors
in declaring Van Ness avenue, Lombard street,
Golden Gate and First avenues boulevards.
But declaring a thoroughfare a boulevard does
not make it one in the general acceptance of
the word. It should be beautified by planting
trees, shrubbery, plants and flowers along its
borders and in the center as well, if the width
will permit. In most cities all boulevards are
placed in charge of the park commissioners,
and are cared for by them in the same manner
that the parks are cared for. > v
In the case of Van Ness avenue, which affords
the greatest opportunity for adornment be
cause of its width; there is no great activity
manifest to commence planting of trees, etc.,
and otherwise beautifying that- thoroughfare,
aa it was hoped would soon be done, because
such improvements will have to be paid for by
property-owners along the avenue. Many
unique and handsome plans have been sug
gested which if put into execution would trans
form the avenue into one of the most charm
ing drives in the country. The expense of such
improvements, however, would be consider
able, and it will doubtless require a great deal
of hard work to prevail upon all the property
holders to undertake the enterprise: j
It is a matter that many think should be
taken up by the City, and the expense paid out
of the general fund in the same manner that
the expenses for maintain? Golden Gate Park
are defrayed. When the Merchants' Associa
tion shall have succeeded in having the cobble
stone pavements replaced by bitumen, they
can find a field for additional useful effort in
endeavoring to build up a park and boulevard
system in this City.
Corbett road is at last being graded, macad
amized, curbed and put in good, passable con
dition. For years the property-owners have
agitated the question of opening Corbett road,
and have at last succeeded in getting the
thing in such shape as will enable the work to
be done. There has always Deen considerable
dispute regarding the lines and grade of this
street, and after the present contract under
which the work is now being done, was let
the Board of Supervisors appropriated .*750 lor
the purpose of paying the surveyor to investi
gate and determine the proper lines and grades
of the street, when this was finally done and a
resolution passed by tne Board of Supervisors
officially accepting said survey. The houses
and fences infringing upon the street, are all
being moved without objection. The work is
now being done, and the question of the grad
ing of Corbett road will be finally settled.
A. E. Buckman Is the contractor and is push
ing the work with as much dispatch as pos
sible. This will afford when finished a con
tinuous drive to Ingleside, and from thereto
the ocean beach, connecting with the boule
vard which is now being constructed along
the ocean beach from the Cliff House south a
distance of about three miles. The worn on
the ocean beach boulevard is progressing rap
idly and will be completed in about fifteen
da vs."
1 The grading of Alamo square, bounded by
Steiner, Scott, Fulton and Hayes streets, will
be finished in about thirty days. The contract
was let by the City to A. E. Buckman some
time ago for $4949.
COUNTRY PROPERTY.
Those firms that are engaged in handling
and pushing country property and in colon
izing lands are doing much valuable work
toward building up real estate values in the
City. The State of California offers unexcelled
inducements to settlers, and those who locate
in the State now and embark in any particular
pursuit, either agricultural or horticultural,
will be able to profit by the experiences of
others if they are wise enough to do so. Many
costly mistakes have been made in both the
culture of fruits and in handling them, but
each year finds these errors being corrected
more and more, and now there is little or no
risk taken by any one who will embark in
fruit culture in this State and will apply to
that undertaking the same care, attention and
business principles that he would to any busi
ness venture.
Wine-growing is gaining in favor dally as a
profitable occupation, and much encourage
ment for those engaged in this industry is
found in t>ie recent purchase by A. Schilling
A Co. of 200,000 gallons ot wine at 20 cents
po r gallon. The last large sale made by the
Wine-growers' Association was but for 15
cents per gallon, and it will thus bo seen that
the outlook for the future is much improved.
KEVIEW OF THE EECORDS.
There were ninety-two mortgages recorded
last week, aggregating $252,024. The princi
pal ones were:
By the (■erraan Savincs and Loan Kocletv, for
one year a: 7 per cent, $12,000 on property on the
eas" side of Mission street, 186 feet north of
Kigliteenth, 50x'_'45; by the Htoernia Havings and
Loan Society, for one year at 6V3 per cent, $12,000
on property on the north line of Pine street. 148
feet east of Gougb, 41x137 :6; and by the same for
one year at 6V 3 per cent, $22,000 on property at
the southeast corner of Grove street and Van .Ness
avenue, 45x105.
The releases granted last -week numbered
fifty-four, aggregating $181,345. The largest
ones recorded were:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, $12.
--000 to George M. Davis on a lot 41x137 :6 o:i the
north side of Pine street, 148 feet east of Gouzh
by the German Savings and Loan Society, $34,-;
500 to Amelia L. Leszyusky on property on tne
north line of Sutler street, 167:3 feet west of Van
Ness avenue, 67:6x120;* by Emma -Joseph, $10.
--000 to Joseph Hume on a lot on the north corner
of Third and Hunt streets, 40x80, and by the Hi
bernla « Savings : and .Loan Society, 8 ! 5,000 to
Isaac Harris on properly on I the southeast corner
of Grove street and Van Ness avenue, 45x105. -
The number of deeds recorded last week was
138.
Twelve building contracts, the particulars
of which are published each day in Thb Call
tiled last week, the aggregate being
AUCTION BALE 3.
Bovee, Toy A Sonntag will hold two auction
sales this month, one on the 14th and another
ou the 30th. Both are probate sales, and the
list for the first is a long one and includes the
following properties:
The downtown residence at 910 Pine street be
longing to the estate of Isabella T. Marclnkowski;
the flats, 1248 and 1245 Vis Valencia street, estate
of Thomas W. G. Graham ; the Western Addition
flats, '2725 to 2731 I'lne street, the property of
John Scannell's estate; the two stores and five
flats, 1228 to 1281 Broadway, and twenty-four
tenements on Bridget place, to be sold on account
of the Mezes estnte; a lot on the south side of Page
street, west of Lyon, a portion of Excelsior Home
stead block 23, fronting on Amazon avenue, Paris
and Lisbon streets, and Richmond and other lots
of the Mezes estate; Mission flats and residence
properties: the southeast corner of Central avenue
and Jackson street, the two-story dwelling, 2210
Central avenue, adjoining the corner; three flats
at 1328 Hayes street, the four flats, 720 to 726
Powell street, and a building lot on the north line
of California avenue, between Howard and Mission
streets.
A prominent feature of the real estate market
is tne auction 6ale of the last unimproved
block owned by A. B. McCreery. The bound
aries are Baker, McAllister and Lyon streets
and Golden Gate avenue. The block presents
a splendid appearance, with its new fences,
stone walks, etc. Side sewers, gas and water
mains are laid to each 25-foot lot on Baker and
McAllister streets. As there are a large num
ber of buildings in course of erection In the
neighborhood, and as a good demand exists
for building lots, the auctioneers are confident
of a good attendance at the sale, wliich will be
held in their salesrooms ut 12 o'clock on
Thursday, the Kith ir.st. The terms of sale
will be one-fourth cash, balance iv one, two
and three years.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will offer at auction
on the 25th of this month blocks G and H, in
the Hillegass Tract, Berkeley. The lots are
40x160 each. The property lies but one block
from Dwight way and a block and a half irom
Telegraph avenue.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
A. E. Buckingham has been appointed agent
of the California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany's building.
C. A. Bailey of this City has purchased the
old Huntington & Hopkins warehouse prop
erty on L street, Sacramento, for $10,000. The
sale was negotiated by David Bush of the
country department of O'Farrell & Co.
The number of City and County sales for
March were 316, aggregating $1,131,405. Dur
ing the same month 387 mortgages were filed,
aggregating $1,198,589, while 242 releases
were granted, aggregating $726,072.
The buildine record for the first quarter of
the present year, as well as for the month of
March of this year, 6hows a gratifying increase
over the past two years from the amount of
the contracts filed. The figures which are
compiled by Wolfe's Building News and Re
view are as follows: March, 1896,102 con
tracts, aggregating $583,761; March, 1895,
106 contracts, aggregating $578,623, and
March, 1894. 108 contructs, aggregating $500,
--751. For the quarter ending March 31, 1896,
226 contracts were filed, aggregating $1,386,
--894; for the sume period in 1895, 221 con
tracts, aggregating $1,061,153 were filed, and
in 1894, 204 contracts, aggregating $914,892
were tiled.
Jacob Heyman has just sold two lots on
Forty-sixth avenue, in block 718, to two em
ployes in Golden Gate Park, who will erect
homes on the .same. These are the first sales
made in this locality and the purchasers will
be pioneers in home-building in that part of
the City. The lots are one block south of the
park and about HOO feet from the ocean beach.
Will E. Fisher it Co. have just dvi upon the
market two choice blocks in the Richmond
District. One is bounded by D street. Twenty
fourth avenue boulevard, C street and Twenty
third avenue, and the other by Seventh and
Eighth and A and B streets. The entrance to
the park on Twenty-fourth street is directly
opposite the first-named block, and it is ex
pected that the Caiiiornia-street line will soon
be extended out along D street to the Cliff
House.
Baldwin A Hammond report the sale of ten
lots last week in the Richmond block, bounded
by Eleventh and Twelfth avenues, California
and Lake streets. A. L. Bovvhay will start at
once two one-and-a-half-story houses on the
lots purchased by him on Lake street, neur
Twelfth avenue. J. R. Atkinson will erect a
six-room cottage on the southeast corner of
Twelfth avenue and Lake street, and another
of the purchasers, W. T. Bertruru, will com
mence this week the erection of a bay-window
cottage on Twelfth avenue, about' 300 feet
north of California street. This firm also re
ports that lots in the Castro-street Addition
are meeting with a rapid sale and a building
boom is in progress, six houses being in course
of construction.
I. C.Scharff reports the following recent sales;
Lot and improvements on the northwest lino
of Harrison street, 375 southwest of Fourth, to
L. Derwis for $6500; lot Hnd improvements on
Southeast Clam street, 116 southeast 01 Sixth,
to J. Lewis, price $3500; 640 acres Shasta
County land to P. Kauffman. price $3600; HO
acres at Ori«a, Tulare County, to J. Dobbelaur,
price $3200; 32 acres at Sevastopol. Sonoma
County, to A. Siebrecht. price $5:>00; and 10
acres at Los Gatos, Santa Clara County, to J.
R.'inley. price $3000.
V. D. Duboce, with Eastoc, Eldredge <fc Co.,
has gone to Redwood City to make arrange
ments for placing upon the"market at an early
date a lartje and valuable tract of land located
at that point. Redwood City will soon be made
as accessible by rail as Oakland and its su
burbs, ana will no doubt develop into a thriv
ing village in due time, when its advantages
ar<; made known.
Snainwrtld, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
elegant mansion, with stable, belonging to
Mrs. Emily B. Hopkins, widow ot Moses Hop
kins, situated on the northeast corner of Ciay
and Buchanan streets, to I. Schwartz of Guate
mala. The price was $110,000. This includes
part of the furniture. The building was
erected about live years ago and is consid
ered one of the handsomest mansions in this
City. C. A. Grow, Mrs. Hopkins' representa
tive, conducted the negotiations for Mrs. Hop
kins, as that lady is vow traveling in Egypt
The lot is 137:6 on Clay street by 127 :8t£ on
Buchanan. Two stories" of the house are built
of stone.
In speaking of the condition of the real es
tate market the Real Estate Circular for March,
published by Thomas Magee & Sous, says:
The demand for flue business proper! v is as good
as it hns been at anytime within two years, with
this difference, that buyers now expect to secure it
at lowt-r prices than at any time since the depres
sion began. >Ie! rates of interest that arequite un
attainable in other equally sale securities are ex
pected from real estate. Buyers iiisist, too in
their calculations of income, on reckoning as high
a rat» of taxation continuously as that which dis
graced the City and Mate last year aud from which
real estate has not yet begun to recover. It was
iiad enough before that event; it has been much
woree since.
The amount of good business property on the
market continues to b3 small. Ther<» Is little in
quiry for second or third business properties
or for property on prospective business streets'
The value of the lattt-r class or real estate has
fallen very mucli. Much of it offers cood invest
ments to buyers— no: for present income, but for
future increase in value. But no rnorethanone
buyer in twenty will talk of the future at all
What the property is paying or Is susceptible of
paying now is all that the majority of buyer* will
discuss. This is always characteristic of a season
of depression. There is increased inquiry for lots
and housi a and vacant lots at low prices out
toward the park.
The «ame circular, under the head of '-What
One Man Has Done in Dull Times,"' says:
It hns been frequently noted, during the past five
years' depression, that the m^n who complain
most and take the bluest view of the general out
look for thecity and stale, and yet do the least to
make things better, are our millionaires. About a
dozen of tb.*m could be named who have oeen un
ceasing In their complaints of the present, and con
tinuously doleful prophets of greater evils to come
A conspicuous example of a millionaire who haa
punraf-d an utterly duTereut course is furnished by
Liana Si ri-ckels.
Within the past five years he has purchased
about $3,000,000 worth of City real estate: he has
spent, or is to spend, about $J, 000, 000 In n»w build
ings already erected by hinrtor now incouripof con
struction. He and his sons put $700,000 into the
ban Jouquin Valley KailrOHd, the building of which
wou a no: have been po^ible but for his mocev
example and energy. He has lately purchased some
very larije tiiicts or land, to Increase Ins sugnr beet
acreage, down by Watsonville, and he has had
printed instructions prepared, with beet seed both
of which he has distributed to all applicants urg
ing farmers to turn their attention to the raising of
beets instead of continuing In the eternal and gen
erally non-profitable round of wheat-raising. Wat
sonville and the ronntry around It from beet-rais
ing and Mr. Hpreckels' beet sugar relinery there is
now one of the most piospe rous portions of the
Mtate.
Air. Spreckelt asserts that 876,000,000 worth of
foreign beet sutar is Imported luto the Vnifd
States annually. He wants ( his state to supply at
least $50,000,000 worth of this sutrar. He says we
can beat the world In sugar beets, because of the
richness of our beets in saccharine matter. Mr
Spreckols proposes to erect one or two more beet
sugar reflueries, and to repeat where they are
erected the immensely uenetirlal wort he has per
formed at Watsouville. Mr. Spreoke's is now 07
years old; bin lie has onoueh vlgo: 1 , push, pluck
lifoanrt independence in him to furnish a whole
army of ordinary persons with Slate building qual
ities. It is » motto with him that what he cngagi a
In must be made to go.no matter what obstacles
are in the way. He is not so much a private for
tune reaper as a city and State builder.
Fell From a Hack.
Michael Tobiu, a hack driver, who resides at
445 Tchama street, fell from his hack at the
corner of Fourth and Townsend streets yester
day afternoon and received a severe scalp
wound. It was thought possibly that his skull
was fractured and he was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital to await an examination, but
was later conveyed to his home.
Kpworlli League at Santa Cruz.
The fifth annual conference of the San Fran
cisco District Epworth League will be held at
Banta Cruz April 9 and 10. The first day will
bo devoted alniost entirely to rouiinc busi
ness. On Friday numerous addresses will be
given, the principles and objects of the Ep
worth League being particularly expounded.
Got face or other ache? Use Mitchell's Maple
Lotion. May ulcerate if you don't. •
NEW PUBLICATIONS. NEW PUBLICATIONS' NEW PUBLICATIONS.
EI fi DIYS ft\liY 1 h_PIT" Our Great Introductory Offer 3
a*- I ;' . . : ; •*■ .-: *■ '■*_'•**' is not confined to San Francisco, but ap- --■
3^ plies to all sections reached by the great
S^ ■"V • __L • San Francisco dailies, it being the special :^
fc I\\ £ m\f\^%i\^F^T purpose of THE SYNDICATE in THIS 3
R _-r I l__>_/ ___ ra _r fl Hft w B yf — s -^S
y- JB_--^ _■• ifcr'J-. A_^ ■____»"»•!_■. / supplemental distribution to place at least .—^
- . ONE set of the volumes in EVERY, com-
H^m 2 -_. --(_ __•__ 2 in. \_i __• -^ «d _-^! '^ m munity for comparison with other diction- -_S
«~~~ ■ •m Tk "H~ M H '■^B M H ■ B# \ H^_l ~^*
gr: g if 1 I a^ Bi I 1 I 111 I I aries and encyclopaedias, thereby securing __^S
J_!~ ' J_—-^. A -W^ ■_< J_L M ■>♦ t^A Vf-Ll. — — 3 — — — — : — — --j
J^: - f ;5',->t-*i •■ widespread and fa Vui able publicity for this —^
. • new work. To be absolutely sure, of secur-
S-- I J _f-_^ _f*x •#'^ _i^_. _T^V _fq ing one of these sets the initial payment of --2
d U%l. Clf I #I_W I B%^ LH ■ ■ $1.00 ; should accompany your letter. If 3
•■■"■-• ... .". J>- "^^"■^■^-^••■^-r •**. ■^.- m - ~»~ l> . . ■ 1 --i — — : — — *m
J^Z ■ ... M. ■ . . the work is not as represented it can be __2
g^2 . TT| " #Ml* '/\ 1 ' ■ ' returned within ten days and the payment . r __jj
|j ATI t]j TT7' ■ TT_Pi •■"'"'■ ITT will be refunded. This gives yon opportu- '
fi» Ii 1 l« I V B 1/1 II 1811 I II nity to examine the entire work. |^3
II Or UIA 1/UJ 0 Vlllj i sty<o " a °"" eibee " tire "° rk - --=- i
&•'■" THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE ANNOUNCES that in response to numerous and urgent 3
2^3 requests from over 300 cities, towns and villages, many of them in remote sections, where readers did not receive 2-3
<g- sufficient information about the book itself and the plan of the recent distribution in time to avail themselves of its —^g
advantages, and in order to obtain favorable publicity at distant points for that great reference library, — -a.
I. ~ I 3
Cffi San Francisco, Cal. ) I THE ENCYCLOPAEDIC DICTIONARY. 3
S^- jff March 30, 1896. ) ® At once a Dictionary and an Encyclopaedia. Produced at a cost of over $750,000 £.]
S»X g Gentlemen: - x . ■ ■ ■ _ _r—n *
**~~ 8 As~a rule our hook committee ww /^#^ SScf ' '-":^/^r^.r'-^""'^^'^ •''■■""■ ■■ V^^^"<'' : ''- : J:;-J-^nW^- : J -. •:^w'^^^^ 13
g^- very seldom authorizes me to pur- J$ () U) ■') ('■) ffl ("i fi $SwMfj
@ chase a subscription work. And ® /^^^^^J^^SifrJ/'m^' ~ ■■ -- - ;?,/. ■$■■■»&& ■j3s!#r^b ■■ jsj^^''" "^"
» having served twenty years as a § l^^^^S^^^^M^l^-'''" ''"'' ' "'' '^"'^^^^^{^^^^'MMl^^^^i ~^*
2L- « practical bookseller I am also a (5) :^^^^lll^jN^LiLi." 1 wm^MTfffri I L^B^^''^^^^»!'*rf^a "***
| But after a careful examination | ! p3^ |SftO Sj^^S ij| | Jjfp 3
g^ I and a comparison with the"Ce"ntury % ? C YC^ DIC BE^^Ti>" B?^^**" MjT^^^^ySiß^TnwSt^ini Hi --I
g^ | and' other dictionaries our book ® BSX2SJ YC^Dlci&^ D I! | i| | __|
g--- I committee is convinced that the ' | I ji|;'^7 i=: — i!^^^g^=^^J!L o^' Aß^o!C~iONA.Ry'|w^JK I 1 1 1 !11 I 0 r^J
•^ h r^"~" nh - esitatingly testif y to its ft f i^P'^Fr" |j!^i ? ' : ■ !l fiJ5H^N Ij ■
| comprehensiveness, its detlnitions, | 7yr^ : CR_. il P L E:I1 ' I'mUMFll'l A^^^rtH' 1 ! 1 |IP ' IJlllf^
J^- ® its epitomized articles, and in short ® ' !JJ?^be_!____b i|j"K^RHE ' fwljT^ £ 7 i « i'l [' P ' |/*Sfl f r^
21 1 Its general utility for all clone, of | ynfCf^ |£y^ S^^^'^^^LJi^ L Jt/^$ & 3
S^ ® reader*, the profound scholar ns ® I" sk^ir l"s^^ S^P \ iHS^isT'by>_ liiitj "T?> Tili T** 1 -2^* il ti^Si ~ — •**
I v^ll as the man of average educa. | I XX* |^^ J^^ (ftJßf'^'l \ ■-^M 3
5-^ « Lilirarian Mercantilu Library, San S ~/^[ --<»
fc ®_~~~ ' $ FOUR MASSIVE VOLUMES. 5357 Pages. Weight About 40 Pounds. -_3
It has been decided to reopen, for a very brief period, the distribution of the -work on the same liberal terms which :^8
g~~ formerly prevailed, with the exception that the Dictionary can be secured on those easy terms for
if*! A-s-.r|rß^re nnlv==/_ open i
B I Emms, xl l^clj^o V/lii^ —%J [ evemgs. |
| Beginning TO-DAY, April 6, 8 A. M., Closing Saturday, April 11, 10 A. M. f
B SAME SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY TERMS: 3
I $1.00 Secures Immediate Delivery of the Entire Set. 1
21 JUST THINK, on payment of only $1.00 and $1.25 monthly thereafter for one year we will deliver at once to your home
: J^_ or office one of those introductory sets which, after this week, will cost you $12, the regular subscription price.
g£s SPECIAL NOTICE— Of course, descriptive matter and sample pages will still be sent on application, but it is suggested z^g
fc_ .'J that the time consumed in exchange of letters, with possible delay in the mails, may cause your application to — *•
J^T • arrive too late. ,-'.'.:' ~ r^J
| SEE HOW EASY IT IS TO SECURE THIS GREAT WORK. §
Bring or send $1 to the PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 35 Montgomery street, and the entire set ol IS
JET . four superb volumes, bound in cloth, will be forwarded. The balance to b_ paid at the rate of $L 23 monthly for 12 :^5
months. The work will be supolied in HALF RUSSIA for $150 monthly, and in full sheep for monthly for the 12 -^g
months. The FIRST PAYMENT in every case is only $1. At tie time of sending your first payment please designate r-«
the style of binding you desire (WE RECOMMEND THE HALF RUSSIA BINDING), and indicate how you wish the =^
gT~ volumes sent, as the charges for delivery must be paid by the purchaser. Remember, the entire set is sent you when the ZZ_2
•£: first payment of $1 is received, and you therefore have the use and benefit of the volumes during the whole year you are :^
j e&— paying for them. The absolute confidence of The Syndicate that the work will be thoroughly appreciated, highly valued -*;
%£Z and cheerfully paid for is clearly shown by sending such a valuable set of books, the subscription price of wnich is $42, on -^S
s_: an advance payment of oniy $1. Every one is invited to call and inspect the work, or sample pages will be furnished on ~*^
j^- application. : Address .V :■ ■ ~^*
|" THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 86 Montgomery Street, San Francises 3
£= j __■ 3
JE See How Easy It Is. Use This Order Blank. _5
% . THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SNDICATE, 36 Montgomery St., Sin Francisco. li
Sr Inclosed find One Dollar, for which please send to my address, as given below, one complete set of the --S
2_l Encyclopaedic Dictionary, bound in '. Binding. (We recommend the Half-Rus3ia
g^ Binding.) I agree to pay the balance in 12 equal monthly payments. __J
NAME > • RESIDENCE 3
«--— OCCUPATION SHIP BY 3
i g*~~ ■ •. • . .■ > • . . . ;', ' State here whether by express or freight. _3
i «B»~ ___________----------**-—————---■-- —— ~~—~~~~~-~-~—— mm ~'^--~^—^^^-^— ———**—*— ~~ m -~~~^—--~-—-—~-~— —^—-— —-——•— '~~-—~-~-~-~~———~-~^-^~-—-^-^~~-~—--~^-~~—~^—~*^^^^^— — *>
•»— VJ— | IMI II ■■ III! ■■■ ' •'• -■■■ ■ ■- I lIIIIM ■lIMIIII , Mill, iiimim. I |, M , —*O
WILL DANCE TO-NIGHT
The Monday Night Class to
Hold Their Easter Hop
This Evening.
TIN WEDDING CELEBBATION.
To Honor the Gallant Crew—Eng?ge
ments Announced—Entertain
ments for Easter Week.
i
The first dance of Easter week will be
that of the Monday-night Class, which
meets this evening atthe new Native Sons'
Hall.
The Monday-night Class was organized
two seasons ago with a distinguished list
of patronesses, which included Mrs. Van
Ness, Mrs. Breeze. Mrs. Pelham Ames,
Mrs. Osgood Hooker, Mrs. Lester, Mrs.
Gwin, Mrs. Lincoln and several other
fashionable matrons. Meetings were held
every four weeks, and, althouph all the
affairs were delightfully informal, there
were always plenty pretty girls, abundant
black coats and excellent music.
The same rules which made the class
such a delightful success still hold good,
the only change beins the hall. Previous
dances were held at Golden Gate Hall,
bnt the change to the handsome Native
Sons' Hall will surely not be reeretted.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Scott will celebrate
their tin wedding this evening at their
residence, 1550 Pace street. A large num
ber of invitations have been issued for this
occasion.
A very pleasant reception was given in
honor of the crew of the United States
Bteamer .Bear at the residence of
Mrs. R. Kane, on Eddy street,
on Friday evening, March 28. The pro
gramme arranged for the evening's entertain
ment was varied and interesting. There were
dancing, music and recitations, the festivities
being continued until an early hour. An
elaborate supper was served in one of the
reception rooms. The decorations were
original and unique, one design consisting of
a shield with flags on each side nnd a large
gold bear in the center, aud inscribed witli the
words "Welcome, boys" Another pretty de
sign was two flags draped on each end and a
large bear's head in the center.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs. R.
Kane, Miss R. Kune, Miss T. Kane, Miss M.
NiCOl, Miss N. Moore, Miss J. White, Miss J.
Malaiy, Miss A. Finnegan, Miss K. Finnexan,
Mrs. A. Finnegau, Mrs. S. Stone. Miss M. Had
ley. Miss G. Glosser, H. Pohlman.G. McCann,
J. Ftnnegnn, a. English, A. English, B. Scow,
J. White, L. Jackson, J. Englander, M. Finne
gan, W. Tyler, J. Sullivan, A. Nicoll, H. Rath
burn, W. Molloney, W. Barrett. B. Smith, W.
Quintall, R. Wellsford, S. Jackson, G.Jackson,
E. Wood.
A very pleasant birthday party was given to
Miss Agnes Ackmaun last Wednesday evening.
Games and dancing, followed by supper, passed
a very pleasant evening. Among the guests
■were: Miss Agnes Ackmanu, Miss Neilic Ack
mann, Miss Frances Thomas, Miss Frnrtkie
Hewlett, Miss Dora Thompson, Mr. James Law
ler, Mr. Walter Simpson, end many other?.
The eugagt-ment is announced of R. M. Mc-
Carthy of San Jose to Miss Maymic Bellew, eld
est daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. Bellew of Mil
pitas.
The engagement is announced of Miss Bertha
Fisher and Mose Heineman. At home Sunday,
April 12, 2 to 5 p. m., 221 Second avenue, Rich
mond District.
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy have issued invi
tations for the celebration of their wooden
wedding, Wednesday evening, April 15, at
their residence, 1125 O'Furrall street.
Mr. and Mrs. William Andrew and Miss An
drew of U4ti Fell stree'. leave Sunday night for
an extended European trip. Tney will be ab
sent the entire year, spending much ot the
time on the Continent and visiting Egypt and
the Holy Land. Mr. Andrew is a veteran
traveler, having crossed the Atlantic seventeen
times, generally accompanied by his wife. He
is also a '49-t, and always comes back to Cali
fornia with renewed loyalty. Their many
friends will miss them iv their absence and a
hearty welcome await them on their return.
Mrs. Carlos S. Unna of Portland, Or., who has
spent the past live months with her parents,
will return home on the Bth.
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Hochstadter and the
Misses Frieslebens have moved to their new
home, 1816 Broadway, and will beat home the
second and fourth Thursdays.
Mrs. James Garneau oi St. Louis is visiting
relatives in San Francisco until April 2-4 and
will receive witn her sister, Mrs. J. J. O'Far
rell, on Mondays.
Henry J. Kalisky of Portland, Or., who spent
the past week with his parents, will return on
the Bth.
The Western Addition Literary and Social
Club will nold their regular monthly meeting
on Monday evening, Aprtl 8, at Native Sons'
Hall. An excellent musical ana literary pro
gramme will be presented, to be followed by
the amusing farce, "Cut Off With a Shilling."
Dancing, as usual, will conclude the evening's
entertainment.
|»The Eintracht Frauen Verein will give a
granrtleap year party at the Verein Hall, 237
Twelfth street, near Howard, Sunduv evenine
April 12.
The Native Sons of Vermont will hold their
regular monthly meeting at Odd Fellows' Hall
Friday evening, April 10. An unusually in
teresting programme has been prepared, to
conclude with the musical paradox, "Beans
and Buttons." Tiiere is to be dancing, as
usual.
At the concert tendered to Professors Sancho
nna Lombardero,on Wednesday evening:, April
15, at Y. M. C. A. Hail, the leading bandurria
and mandolin clubs of this City and Oakland
will take part.
A basket party will be the leading feature of
the sixth monthly gathering of the Comus
Social and Literary Club, to be held at Union
Square Hall. Monday, April 5. Dancing will
be inaugurated at 8:30 pharp. The auction
sale will take place at 10. Supper will bo
served at 10:30.
The club is under the management of the
following officers: Mr. Henry F. Pernau, Presi
dent; Miss Jo Johnson, Vice-President; Miss
Theresa Fredericks, Secretary; Mi«s Theresa
Kliudt, Mr. Sophus Federspiel, Mr. H. C. Frost,
Mr. Henry Johnson and Mr. Henry Jacobson,
Directors.
The Verdis will give their twenty-first party
la Union Square Hall on Tuesday evening,
April 21. Invitations for the same have
already been issued aud are very unique in
design.
There are to be thirteen theater parties at
the Columbia Theater to-morrow, Monday
evening, on the occasion of the first appear
ance oi Mr. Frank Mayo in "Pudd'nhead Wil
son," perhaps the largest gathering of the kiad
in one place of amusement in a long time.
TROUT FISHING BEGINS.
The Fish Are Very Small and the
Streams Are in a lioily
Condition.
The Bportsrnen whose hobby is whip
ping the streams for the frisky trout had a
damper cast over their enthusiasm when
they beheld the size of the fish that is now
in the streams.
Those who went fishing early in the week
fared well, but those who left the City
Saturday came home last night with sad
den-d countenances, for "nary a fish was
among the gang,"owin to the heavy rains,
which caused the principal trout sireama
to overflow their banks and become roily.
Louis Ruffort and H. R. Bowie fished at
Austin Creek since Wednesday and caught
in all about tlree hundred trout.
At Duncans Mills Frank Marcen, John
Butler, W. N. Wetman, A. R. Crovell and
F. Meyers caught a number of tish, but
they were of the minute variety.
The large streams about the mills are
very muddy, while the smaller streams are
clearer.
A party of sixteen fishermen went to
Point Reyes and caught some trout and
steeiheads, winch seem to be plentiful in
that section.
The recent heavy rain, it is thought, will
have a tendency to force the young fish
from the spawn down stream, thereby de
stroying a large quantity.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
The Independent Foresters' En
tertainment in the Po
trero Hall.
THE YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Representatives to the Odd Fellows'
Grand Lodge — The American
Legion of Honor Active.
Masonic.
Yerba Buena Chapter Xo. 4. Knights Rose j
Croix of this City, will hold its annual election
on Friday next.
Illustrious Commander Thomas Hubbard
CMBwell was present last Thursday with Yerba
Uuena Chapter, Rose Croix, in Masonic Temple,
on the occasion of the observance of Maund
Thursday. There was a very large attendance.
King Solomon's Lodge No. 280 held a called i
meeting on last Monday night for the purpose j
of conferring the third degree.
Order Eastern Star.
Last Thurday Deputy District Grand Matron
Mrs. Emma Malgren paid a visit to Oakleaf ;
Chapter in Oakland. There were present a
number of visitors from Unity Chapter of West
Oakland, Carita Chapter of Alameda, Ivy
Chapter of this City and others.
To-morrow evening Grand Patron Merritt
will pay a visit to Ivy Chapter/
Next Thursday evening Oakleaf Chapter of
Oakland will give a children's party. This
chapter has 300 names on its roll.
On Saturday the Grand Patron was at Wood
bridge, and to-night he will visit Kingley
Chapter. After that he will make a tour of the
northern district.
The following is the programme for the re
ception to be given by Golden Gate Chapter on j
the evening of the 16th : piano solo, Professor
Yanke: recitation, T. L. Hill; Wednesday
Morning String Quartet — mandolins, Hisses
Salmon, Stuart and Doane; mandola, Mrs.
Hill: lute, Miss Irwin; tenor solo, Arthur
Davis; lute solo, Professor Adelstein; soprano
solo, Miss Nellie Swayne; living pictorial rep- ;
resentation of Tennyson's "A Dream of Fair
women; characters— Helen of Troy.lphigenia,
Cleopatra, Jephtha's daughter. Rosamond,
Eleanor and Joan of Arc: participants— Misses
Johnson, Stephenson, Kobe, Willats, Murphy, i
Huer and Bradley. The entertainment will
conclude with living pictures, and a dance will
follow under the floor managership of Walter
N. Brunt.
Independent Order Odd Fellows
The board of trustees of the Odd Fellows' Home,
nil past grands, have been elected representatives
to the Grand Lodge. The following is a list of the j
representatives reported from the San .Francisco !
subordinate lodges: Magnolia Lodge, Past Grands
J. K. Phillips. Samuel Pollock. Robert Cleary, \
Marcus Rosentbal and William Dunlap: Abou
Ben Adhem Lodge, Mcl P. Forbes. H. B. Hall. J. j
E. Coffer and J. F.Kennedy; Concordia Lodge, :
Herman D. Meyer, Deidrii-h Beaker, H. F. Schlmd- |
ling Jr. and John Hillman: Apollo Lodge, M. M.
Kstee. Kdward J. Schneider, W. T. Norcross and
W. M. McCallister; Unity Lodge, William H. .
Barnes, K. P. Dudley and stiilman c. Spinney:
Occidental Lodge. David »well and Theodore X.
Clourh: Alta Lodge. .1. C. Skinner. Phil Ham
mond, J. H. Pool and F. G. Bain] ; Franeo-Ameri
ra-i Lodge. A. L. Auradou. A. Lubert, J. Godeau, !
P.Bieue and R.Chartery: Western Addition Lodge, '
M. T. Moses and I* F. Fenn; Excelsior Lodge, W.
31. Sharp. J. P. !•' :.«;ir 1 and S. K. Davidson: Sar
gent Lodge. Alexander Hay and George W.Dixon. j
Francis A. Le H unite, secretary of the Asso- I
ciated Lodges of New York and Kings counties,
whOM motto is. "For Justice and Humanity." has I
Issued a circular asking co-operation in behalf of!
legislation for the relief of aged veteran members
of the order whose lodges have become extinct, ;
an i who. under existing laws, are virtually fra- j
ternal outcas's.
.mi unusual amount of Interest Is being taken at '
this time in Sargent Lodge. There were initiations \
at each of the two last held meetings, and the work j
was except anally well performed by the oflicers.
This lodge will celebrate its fifth anniversary by a
banquet May 1. Past Grands George W. Pixon '
and Alexander Hay have been elected representa- j
tives to the Grand Lodge that will meet in this :
City on the second Tuesday in May. Recently the j
meetings of this lodire have been attended by many
visitor", who were highly pleased with the fraternal
treatment extended by the officers and members.
The joint committee appointed by the Grand i
Lodge and the Rebekah Assembly will hod |
meetings on the 25th inst. and the 9th of May for
the purpose of preparing a constitution for the Re
bekah Assembly.
Pacific Lodge celebrated its twenty-seventh an
niversary on Thursday night.
The subordinate lodges are reported as doing
well in the matter of supporting the Odd Fellows'
Library, and every effort Is being made to have it,
sustained within the order.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
A meeting of the Past Grand Masters' Associa
tion will beheld to-morrow afternoon at the resi
dence of Past Supreme Master Workman W. H.
Jordan. The meeting has been called at 5:30
o'ciocK to glee the members an opportunity to wit
ness the exemplification of the new work at the
Grand Lodge session in the evenins.
The Degree of Honor.
An Invitation has been extended to representa
tives and past chiefs of honor who have not re
ceived the Grand Lodge degree to be present on
next Thursday morning a half an hour before the
convening of the Grand J-odce In B. B. Hall to re
cetve their credentials and certificates.
The loiges of this City, Oakland, Alameda and
Temescal will tender a reception to the representa
tives to the Grand Lodee In Laurel Hall, Khiels'
building, on the evening of Thursday at 8 o'clock.
Notice has been given that all visiting members of
the Degree of Honor will be welcome.
Kn ; ghts of Pythias.
las*, evening the Rev. G. A. Ottman of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church of Sacramento, who Is a mem
ber of the order, delivered a very Interesting ser
mon on Pythianism, portraying in glowing words
the doctrine of the order and the grand work that
It does. The knights of Sacramento were present
by invitation.
■ Marlposa Lodge No. 204 has been Instituted with
thirty charter members. The Instituting officer
was F. H. Farrar, P. G. C. of Merced, and the
work of conferring the ranks was by the team of
Yosemite Lodge. Visitors from lodges In the
vicinity were present.
Grand Councilor Samuels baa signified his in
tention of making a trip to Los Angeles within a
month for the purpose of instituting a new lodge
there. The petition for the new lodge has upon it
the names of more than twenty-five non-nfliliaied
knights who are out on card.
To-morrow night the Grand Chancellor will visit
Pythian Castle, where Mars, Justice and Ivy
lodges will hold a joint meeting. Mars Lodge will
initiate twenty-five candidates, all members of the
Fourth Artillery band.
a circular of instruction to representatives-elect
to the next Grand Lodge relative to transportation
and other matters connected with the approach
ing convention will shortly be issued from the
office of the grand keeper of records and seal.
Returns recently received show a marked In
crease in membership since the beginning of the
year.
Monterey Lodge during March admitted several
new members and has five applications to act upon
during April. '
To-morrow evening West Side Lodge of Tracy
will pass upon eight applications for membership.
Within a month a new lodge will be instituted at
Ontario.
Rathbone Sisters.
Last Thursday evening San Francisco Temple
held a very interesting meeting. Past Chief Mrs.
Kmma , Scholfield was elected delegate to the
Grand Temple that will meet in this city during
the third week in May. The temple was visited
by (Jrand Mistress of Records and Correspondence
Mrs. Louise Holmes of East Oakland Temple. Mrs
Grace Bray has been appointed a member of the
committee on state of the order. .
Quite a number of the members of San Francisco
Temple paid a social visit to East Oakland Temple
on Friday night and they were graciously received
and heartily welcomed. After the temple closed
there was dancing and refreshments.
Independent Order Foresters.
Last Tuesday evening Court Southern Heights
gave a grand complimentary social entertainment
• and ball in the Potrero Opera-house. The place of
assemblage had been tastefully decorated for trie
occasion and was very attractive. Chief Ranger
• John S. Barnes, who presided, occupied a seat on
the platform with George A. McElfresb, high chief
ranger of California; Charles S. Perry, high coun
cilor; P. L. Archibald, general deputy high chief
ranger, and William Stewart, .district deputy.
t After an address of welcome by the chief ranger,
the high chief ranger, in a well-delivered and
brilliant address, drew attention to the distin
guishing features of the order and congratulated
the court on the progress it had made since its in
stitution and upon its great prosperity. The mem
bership of the court is now nearly 100. ; The
speaker was listened to with very close attention
by the audience, which numbered nearly 400. ;
.The address was followed by a lout: and varied
programme, the various numbers being given In
pood Mtvl- by the participants, who all well de
served the applause and encores accorded them.
Upon conclusion of the literary programme the
hall was prenar. d for dancing, and those who par
ticipated enjoyed themselves untif midnight. G.
B. Bushby filled the arduous position of floor man
ager with entire satisfaction to all present. The
entertainment from beginning to end was a grand
success, and the various committees are entitled
to praise for the able manner In which they dis
eharced the duties assigned them. The indica
tions are that there will be a marked increase in
the membership of this court.
Court Diana at its meeting held last Thursday
night adorned a new set of by-laws. This court
durinz 1895 made a very creditable record, and
Since January it has been doing so well that it ap
pears as if the record of the past year will be
eclipsed. Ibis court is In tine working condition,
and at present is the banner court in the northern
part of the state. . .
At its next meeting court Green Ridge will ini
tiate sixteen candidates.
Twenty-six new courts were instituted during
the month of Januar,- and on the Ist of February
there was in the reservefund $1,595,552. consid
erable activity is being manifested on this coast
on behalf of this order, which makes the remark
able showing that during the month of January it
stood second among United States jurisdictions for
applications. One hundred and ninety-two were
received and all but twenty-two were accepted.
Within a stated period the order received 887
claims, all of which were paid within ten days and
not one of these was disputed. The order is in
creasing in membership daily and that shows a
growing confidence in the officers ana their man
agement !he features of this order as recently
explained by the high chief ranger are that it gives
social, sick, total and permanent disability and
old-ace benefits, and that it gives mortuary and
funeral benefits, free medical attendance and that
iis assessments are graded according to-age.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Bobin Hood reports that during the last
quarter there was an increase in membersnip and
in funds. Alexander Nicholson, P. D. C. X., and C.
L. Morris, C. R., have been elected delegates to
the next High court session, to be held in Ukiah.
Court Star of the Mission held an interesting
meeting last Wednesday night, and elected Past
Chief Hanger George J. Hunen, James T. Golton
and Charles Sutherland delegates to the High
Court. High Court Secretary M. P. Light was
present at the meeting, and under good and wel
fare the session was very attractive.
Past Chief Ranger? William Leach, Jcseph
Hacan, P. J. Cole and W. J. Thorpe will represent
Court star of the West at the High Court.
Twent>-fonr courts have neglected to forward
their credentials Of delegates to the executive com
mittee, due hundred and twenty-three courts have
already compiled.
Past Chief Hanger John Eckardt will represent
Court Camoens of Honolulu at the High Court. Mr.
Kckardt, who for eight years has been superin
tendent ot the Queen's Hospiial in Honolulu, will,
during his stay in the City, visit the principal hos
pitals.
Companions rf the Forest.
Circle Pride of the West No. 176 was organized
at Groveland on the 25th of March by M. P. Light,
aided by Golden Circle of Cloverdale. It started
with a charter list of thirty-five. After the cere
mony there was a banquet and dance, the dancers
keeping it up until daylight.
Sunshine and Golden Circles report increase in
membership.
Tie members of Bohemian Circle and those of
Court Kohemian will give an entertainment at 102
O'FarreM street on the 21st inst.
The April Fool party given on the Ist by Occi
dental Circle was a very amusing as well as enter
taining oue.
Mrs. Minnie Asher, G. C. C. visited Pride of the
Forest Circle at Oakland on Saturday.
America Circle had a very interesting meeting
last Thursday night. Half of the membership was
present and the business was conducted in a most
exemplary manner. Past Supreme Chief Compan
ion J. Falconer, who was present, complimented
the circle on its efficient management.
Ycung Men's Institute.
The board of directors will hold Its next meeting
at headquarters for the transaction of matters of
importauce to the order.
Grand councils will all meet on the 19th of May.
Pacific Coast Council will meet at Haywards,
Gram! Wt-st at Portland, Ohio at Cincinnati, Ken
tucky at Louisville, Illinois at Chicago, Pennsyl
vania at £cran;on and Indiana at Indianapolis.
Tbis is the list of councils as far as beard from.
At a meeting of Columbia Council held on the
°.7th of March 12 candidates were initiated, mak
ing 'J1 admitted since the first of the year. The
delegates from this council to the grand council
are W. J. Ahem and D. F. Shea; alternates. r>r. T.
H. Morris and W. R. Nicholson. All arrangements
for the ball to be given next Friday are ready, aud
a pleasant entertainment is expected.
The second oi a course of lectures to be given be
fore Ignatian Council will be the one by Key.
Father Gleason on the 16th inst. in Alcazar build
in c.
At an open meeting of Vignes Council to be held
on the 19;h inst. Grnnd President Lynch and Past
Grands Kierce and Muraaky will be among the
speakers.
Grand Secretary Stanley will address the San
Francisco lnsMtuteon Wednesday nighr.
District Deputy J. s. Gilmore will address Co
lumbia Council at headquarters on the 24th inst.
The Rev. Father Larkin and .1. E. Kenny, ex
grand director, visited AlamedaCouncil on the 29th
of Miirch.
Vallejo Council has initiated eighteen candidates
since the first of the year and it now has a number
of applications on the secretary's desk. The coun
cil is making arrangements fora picnic.
Buchard Council oi Merced will hold an open
meeting in the latter part of this month.
Ignatian Council will in the near future, through
J. F. Sullivan, present a stand of colors to the
League of the Cross.
Washington Council will give a dance in Teu
tonia Hall on Thursday nignu
Improved Order of Red Men.
The "at home" given by Modoc TriDe '.ast Thurs
day eveniug in Red Men's Hall was a great event
and thoroughly enjoyed by all who attended. The
programme presented was a very interesting and
entertaining one. There was an overture by the
Modoc orchestra, followed by an address of wel
come by Past Sachem C. F. Burgman, a basso
solo by B. M. Stick, song by M. J. Cathcart, com
icalities by Mr. Hanson, recitation by Miss M. A.
Levy, a musical recitation by Charles O'Brien,
com]x>ser of "Ma Angeline," and an address by
P.ichard Foote, the tragedian, who kept the audi
ence in good humor during the time he spoke.
Then followed a mnslcal number by the Modoc
Quartet, a soprano solo by Mrs. Monies, a comical
recitation by Kd W. Sweeny, mandolin and puitar
duet by Galindo and Garharino, a barytone solo by
Qeorge W. Collins, a recitation by S. H. Jennings
and a banjo colo by J. Farreil. The guests were
after the entertainment escorted to the banquet
room, where they were treated to ice cream and
cakes. TheOaffair was under the supervision of
Porter L. Bliss, Ira P. Chapman and Maurice
Kramer.
Great Sachem Jackson and Past Great Sachem
Josselyn paid a visit to Pawnee Tribe in Alameda
last week. There was a large turnout of Red Men
to welcome the chiefs, including visitors from
Tecumseh, Comar-.che and other tribes. Three
palefaces were adopted and addresses were made
by the distinguished visitors.
At its last held meeting Tecumseh Tribe
adopted two palefaces, reinstated one member and
received three applications. Since the first of the
year the tribe has had thirteen adoptions and now
has nearly 100 members on its roll.
The members on Monteznma Tribe on last Tues
day were entertained with a mock trial at which
Police Judge Campbell presided, and he was equal
to the occasion. J. G. Jeffries was the virtim at
the bar. He was defended by J. a. Devoto and
prosecuted by Past Sachem Charles A. Reynolds.
The verdict was that the defendants should be
compelled to take part in a smoker and he was
joined in the punishment by all present.
Manzanita, Pocahontaa and Wlnnemucca tribes
has had adoptions recently.
Wlnnemucca Tr'be has issued a challenge to all
comers for work In the adoption degree, the test
to come off on St. Tammany's aay, Hay 12.
Great Incohonee Patton has issued a proclama
tion calling on the tribes to observe St. 1 am
many's day.
The great incohonee reports that since last
August ninety-nine new council fires have been
kindled.
on the eve of his departure from Sacramento E.
B. Wilson was presented with a handsome watch
charm emblematic of the order and Wenonah
Council gave him a surprise party, all on account
of the good he did for the order.
The great chiets, assisted by the chiefs and mem
bers of the hunting grounds of Sacramento, insti
tuted a new tribe at Woodland on Saturday night.
A new tribe, will be iustiiuted at Pleasonton on
the 11th inst.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
The ninth anniversary ball to be given by
Niantlc Parlor on Thursday night in the new hall
promises to be one of the most successful affairs
ever given by this parlor to its friends.
The grand officers have made arrangements for
transportation of those Native Sous who will at
tend the Grand Parlor meeting and who at the
same time may wish to lake in the great fiesta
down south.
Brooklyn Parlor was visited last week by Grand
President Dunne, Grand Vice-President Gcsford,
Grand Trustee Byington and District Deputies
Clarke and lioldeman.
Alcalde Parlor conferred the drlll-corp degree
last week on a number of candidates, John Griff
the grand nincompoop presiding.
The Curly Bears of Alcatraz Parlor had n great
entertainment in their cave last week on which
occasion a number of "cubs" were made "full
fledged brutes."
Broderick Parlor at Point Arena received a visit
from Grand Trustee Garrett last Thursday.
Golden Gate Parlor will give a smoker on the Bth
inst. in the new hall.
Native Daughters cf ihe Golden West.
The members of Felicidad Parlor of Anaheim re
cently gave a charming entertainment in honor of
M.ias KUa Gardener.wbo receutiy joined the parlor.
Jlrs. M. E. Tiilman. G. V. P., will shortly visit
Hanford and from there will go to Visalia, where
she will organize* parlor.
Grand President, M isa iiartola visited Santa Rosa
Parlor last week and also visited the parlors at
Concord and at San Jose
Mrs. Juarez, grand trustee. Is working hard to
make arr..nseinarits for the entertainment of the
delegates to the Grand Parlor that is to meet in
Napaon the second Tuesday In June.
I'.wonn Vista Parlor will give its fourth anniver
sary party in .Native Sons' Hall on the evening of
tnday the 17th Inst.
Jr. Ord n r United American Mechanics
State Couucilor Henry c. Schaertzer will leave
this City on the 17th inst. for visitations in the
southern part of the State. He will be absent
aincit ten days.
I.it» following Is a list of the deputy State coun
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
cilors that have been appointed, together with the
number of councils placed under their jurisdiction :
S. Joseph Theisen for Nos. 2. 21 and 35; F. K.
Caler for N'os. 6 and 19: C. H. Thomas for No. H;
K. P Howe for No. 4: M. H. Bellenger for Nos. 6,
28 and 29; L. O. Keinhart for No. 7; George A.
Wilbur for No. 8: C. K. Wilson for Xos. 11, IS!, '-'0
and 36; A. G. Balsan for No. 15; P. (Salisbury for
No. 22; N. W. iSpaulding Jr for No. 24; Georce T.
Boyd for No. 25; H. M. Griffiths for No. 26: A.
I). Fellows for No. 27: E. C Judkins tor No. 28: J.
L. Hyde for No. 30; D. S. Stanley for No. 31: J. F.
Burns for No. 32 and Dr. William Dodge Sr. for
No. 33.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
This evening Martha Lodge will give an Easter
party and Aurora Lodge will hold a reception. It
is expected that there will be a large attendance at
each place.
The finance committee held a meeting in the of
fice of the grand secretary yesterday, and it will
issue its report during the wee k.
Pacific Lodge held a very interesting meeting on
last Tuesday night. In fact all the lodges are
holding interesting meetings at this time, as the
members seem to Lake an unusual amount nf in
terest in the order. To-morrow night West End
Lodge will initiate candidates and receive a visit
from the omcers of the Grand Lodge.
Charles H. Wall has been elected secretary of
Seal Kock Lodge, vice C. W. Young, resigned.
Grand vice- protect or Miss K. T. Parker will ar
rive from sonora next week.
American Legion of Honor.
Grand Commander Fllben has returned from his
southern trip. While in Los Angeles he paid a
visit :o Goodwill and Safety councils, which held a
joint meeting on the evening of the "24th of March.
There was a large attendance, and there was a
manifest degree of interest in the proceedings and
in the addresses delivered by the grand commauder
and Grand Vice-Commander C. G. Williams, who
resides there. On the following evening he paid a
visit to Evergreen Council at Anaheim. There he
met with a good reception and addressed the meet
ing, as did also Grand Orator Frank Ky, who is a
member of the council. He visltea Ventura Coun
cil on the Ist inst. and was received by an enthusi
astic as<embly of members. The last place he
visited was Santa Barbara.
The last held meeting of Bohemian Council was
weli attended and those present were entertained
by Past Commander William Dundns, who gave
v very Interesting account of his travels in the
Kast and of his visits to the councils in New York,
Brooklyn, Philadelphia and Boston. After listen
ing to his address it was decided to ask all the
councils in this City and in Oakland to unit? with
Bohemiau Council to form a body to be known as
the Associated Councils, and to have for its object
the getting up of entertainments in each of the
councils at least once a month. It is proposed to
pay visits to each council once a month and
awaken a more active interest in the order. The
council named Past Grand Commander George W.
Dixon and Past Commanders William Dundas
aud John Rafferty to acl in the matter. The other
councils will be asked to name committees to meet
Bohemian Council on the evening of the 6th of
May. This will, no doubt, result in much good to
the order in California.
The latest monthly statement shows that during
th»» month of March there were seventy-seven
deaths in the order, o! \rhich seven occurred in
California. The amount to be paid to the bene
ficiaries in California on these deaths is $11,500.
The amount paid in assessments by the decedents
was in the aggregate $3,362 20.
Assessment No. 3t>4 has been levied for April,
payable April 30.
A meeting of the commanders and others of the
City councils will be held this week for the purpose
of considering different subjects in connection
with the extension work of the order.
Next Wednesday evening Myrt c Council will
have a house warming in Its new quarters in Balboa
Hall, Native Sous' building.
Grand Army of the Republic.
The special open meeting and banquet of George
H. Thomas Post .No. 2, G. A. R., at the meeting
place. Red Men's Hall, Tuesday evening, March
31, assembled a large company of ladles and vet
erans. The entertainment was so successful in
every . respect that the post may decide to g've
another spread of the same kind. The committee
having charge of the affair consisted of 1 S. Sturges,
J. M. Bailey and Joseph Simonson.
Department Commander Wilson attended and
responded to a toast. Past Commander A. J.
Vlnlng was likewise at his station of duty. Mrs.
BUnn entertained the audience with recitations,
and Comrades Lee, Bailey, Blinn, Mortimer, Smed- :
berg and Sumner responded to toasts.
The Chosen Friends.
Assessment No. 29 has been levied.
The initiatory team performed the work for
Sunset Council in Alcazar building on Saturday
nleht.
There was a large attendance at the entertain
ment given in Alcazar building last Wednesday
evening by Germania Council, and all present had
an enjoyable time. i. . >'
Grand Councilor T. H. Selvege Is at present visit
ing councils in the interior of the State.
Juanita Council was instituted last Wednesday
in Oakland with thirty-one charter members by
Dr. L. R. Webster, C. V. C, assisted by Organizer
L. V. Wagoner.
Grand Recorder S. C. Wallis instituted a new
council at Salinas on Friday last. .. This council
will be No. 38.
Organizer Z. F. Alley promises a new council at
Austin. Nev., this week.
A new council has been organized at Fort Worth,
Tex.; one has been organized at Independence,
and one at Brooklyn, N. Y.
Past ' Supreme ■ Treasurer W. J. Newton is en
route for the Faclfic^coast for the benefit of his
health, and while here he will visit several coun
cils.
During the past week M. Boehm, G. A.C., visited
Washington, Samaritan and Germania councils.
Next Thursday he will visit Kali-mount Council.
The Royal Arcanum.
Assessment 226. Called April 1. Delinquent
May 1. .-..;.
Membership in the order March 1, 176.984. •
The Supreme Council will hold Us nineteenth
annual session at Savannah, Ga., May 20, 1896.
The membership in California is busy getting
out petitions for special appropriations to extend
the order in the State. Strong efforts will be made
to secure an organizer ' familiar with the needs in
California.
Regent Whitney of Argonaut Council Is making
a star record for himself. The council appear* to
have taken on some of his enthusiasm, and as a
result applications are now heard of at each meet
ing. There will be three candidates np for initia
tion at next meeting.
The new council is reported well under way,
there being fourteen who had signed at the last
account. Mr. Sto»e is as enthusiastic as ever, and
to him may fall the bonorof the present extension.
Fred Head, who has been away on sick leave, re
turns to bis post next meeting.
J. A. Magagnos has been signally honored by
Argonaut Council. At a recent meeting a "Chair
in Therapeutics", was created and he was named
the . occupant ; amid loud applause from those
present.
This order: is noted for prominent men in it.
There are some of the most prominent attorneys,
professional men and men who stand high in
i financial circles.
Knights of lh= Golden Eagle.
The annual session of the Grand Castle will be
held In Colma hall, Native Sons' building, com
mencing to-morrow.
: Pacific Castle will give a dance In Native Sous'
hall on Saturday in honor of the anniversary of
the birth of Daniel Norcross, the founder of the
order in California.
On the evening of the 18th inst, California "Cas
tle will entertain its friends in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building. Last Wednesday sev
eral applications were received, and next Wednes
day several candidates will have the first degree
conferred upon them in the new cave which will
be used for the purpose for the first time. The
grand officers will attend in a body. ■
Golden Gate Castle will give a dance April 25.
Laiies of .the Golden Eagle.
Alpha Temple initiated four ce'ndidates at its
last held meeting, and will initiate several more at
its next meeting. This temple will give a party '
early in May. ■
The Druids.
, Recently the grand officers paid official visits to
groves in thc|soutliern part of the State. Noble
Grand Arch Hoag accompanied by Grand Secre
tary Mollison and Past Arch Lewis of Fleasanton
Grove visited Los Angeles, Morton and Mazzlni
Groves In Los Angeles. The order in that part of
the State has been doing remarkably well. Morton
Grove Initiated twenty candidates in one month.
Anew grove will soon be instituted in ' Los An
geles. .
The officers also visited Gnadalupe Grove and
Mission Grove in San Luis Obispo; Cayutrus Grove
at Cayugas and Salinas Grove in Salinas. These
groves are doing well, the last named during March
Initiating eight candidates. . - . .
• Hesperian Grove recently initiated one candidate
and conferred the second degree. * . ;•.
■ The second and third degrees were conferred
on several members by .Templar Grove a few
nights since. Galileo Grove at a recent meeting
acted on five applications, received seven new ones
but laid these over until the next meeting.
; Vasco da Gama Grove uaid a iraternal visit to
Laurel and Norma Groves, last Friday.
Independent Order B'naiß'rith.
The entertainment to be given this evening by
Unity Lodge promises to be a very pleasant affair.
Montetiore Lodge. is making arrangements to
give a grand entertainment in the big hall in B. B.
building on the 12th of May.'
The Good Templars.
It is reported that the order is progressing very
favorably throughout the State, and encouraging
reports are being received | from many lodges that
were considered weak. There is more activity in
the lodges at present than there has been for some
time. \ : :-''' ';■: -r. '■"■;■' ,. V-V:V;.*. ■..{■
■;:•; Mrs. J. C. Stone is laboring In ; the Seventh Dis
trict under the management :of ; Past Grand Chief
Templar >oag, superintendent of the lecturo work
in that district, and it is reported that she is doing
much good. : :- •..-.-. \ . ■
M Grand Chief Templar .Webb and the grand secre
tary weio present nt an enthusiastic meeting held
on the 28th. of March at Stockton. Considerable
work v. at done, and among other things arrange
ments were made to I have the grand chief templar
deliver lectures for six weeks in the Sixth District.
The local lodges- are quite busy at this time
Open meetings have been held '- lately by latexna
tional. Spring Valley, Evening Star and Valley
lodges, and as a result there have been many addi
tions to the ranks.
Friends of the Golden State.
At the last held meeting of Alcazar Circle No. 1,
Friends of the Golden State, six candidates were
Initiated and five applications were received. The
monthly entertainment and ice cream social of
this circle will be given next Wednesday night in
Washington Square Hall
The Old Friends.
On Friday night there was an installation of Sons
and Daughters of the Old Friends of California by
officers of the parent society. Ou Sunday, the 19t
both societies will board the steamer Caroline for
an excursion around the bay and will land at Sau
sulito, where the members'will attend a barbecue
in Wild wood Glen.
KEAL ESTATE TEANSAOTIONS.
ALAMKDA COUNT'S.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Fred G.
Weston, lot on B line of £1 Dorado avenue, 332.70
X of Fairmount avenue, E4O by S 125, being lot
36, blocK F, Linda Vista Terrace, Map 2, Oakland
Township; $10.
G. W. and Lottn B. Hougii to Adolph Zeller. lot
on NW line of t-eeond avenue, 100 NE ol Sum
mer street, NX 50 by NW 100, lot 50, Locksley
square, Oakland Township; 910.
- Simon C. aud Belle C. schee.ine to L. P. and Liz
zie. Buyseii, lot 7, Littlafield Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
John c. and Emma A. Paige to Pearl O. Hug
gins, lot ou SE corner of Humboldt avenue and
Derby street, E 112 6V3. 8 SO:9V 4 , W 125, N3l to
beginning, block X, Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Frank Al. and Rose 11. Wilson to Arthur L.
Young, lot on Nt corner of Le Conte and Euclid
avenues, N 50 by E 125, being lot 1, bioek 13,
Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley ; $10.
Margaret Dempster t<> George H. Strieker, lot on
E line of Walnut street. 154:8 N of Vine, N 60 by
X 134:7, resubdivisiou of blocks 3 and 4, Antisell
Tract, Berkeley: grant.
Laura M. Kline to M. A. Krueger. lot on S line
of Nolan (or Thirty-third) street, 259:6y 2 E of
Grove, E :06 by S 170, being portion of Collins
Tract, Oakland": $ 5.
Mary C. Blake to Alice S. Blake, lot on E line of
Grove street, 125 S of Twenty-eighth, S 25 by E
Hi. being lot 18, block 2023, Whitcher Tract, Map
2, Oakland; $10.
James T. Boyd to Mary E. de Wolf, lot on NE
line of East Fifteenth street, 100 NW of Seven
teenth avenue, NW 60 by NE 140, beiug lots 7
and 8, block 29, San Antonio, subject to mortgage
for $JOOO, East Oakland; $10.
Charli'H and Frederick Kimball to M. Kimball,
undivided two-thirds interest in lot on SE line of
Eleventh avenue, 25 SW of East Seventeenth
street, SW 25 by SE 100, block 88, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
George W. and Bertha E. Keaser to William N.
Meeks, lot on SW corner of Diamond and Vernon
streets, N 250, SW 200, SE 250, N E i! 00 to begin
ning, being v portion of pint 13, Rnucho V. ana D.
Poralta, Oaklund I'ownshlp; $1500.
Ernest Mayrisch et al. (.by commissioner) to
Sophie Gottig (undivided hali>, Martha Gottig and
11. O. Weber (quar er each), lot on W line of Third
avenue (Sixth street). 252:6 N of Central avenue,
N 106:3 by W 194:8 8-10, beiug lots 27 to 30,
lands Teutonia Park and Homestead Association,
Alameda: also lot on SW corner of Railroad av
enue and Webster street, W 150 by S 60, Alameda;
910,269.
William M. and Mary E. de Wolf to Theodore C.
Boyd, lot on E line ot Champion street, 401.14 N
of Nicol avenue, E 154.30, N 50, W 166.63, S
61.47 to beginning, beini: lot 24, block B, De Wolf
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Lucius H. Bollin^'er to A. E. Miller, lot 19, block
X, amended map Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township:
grant.
Bridget Denchay to Kate Comerford, lot 6, block
M, Kelscy Tract, Oakland: gift.
Le Roy G. Harvey to Amelia M. Emery, lot on
NE corner of Forty-third and Essex streets, E
177.10, NE 254, NW 176:4, N 48:9, W 170, S 341
to beginning, being lots 1 to 12, block 3, map ot
subdivided portion of plat 6, Runcho V. and I).
Pcralta. Oakland Township, subject to a mortgage
for $2000; SlO.
Niels aud Minta Larsen to Sarah E. Henderson,
lot on S line of Fairview street. 200 E of Calais, S
ISO by E 60, being lot 16, block D, Harmon Tract,
Berkeley: *10.
Same to same, lot on N iine of Fairview street,
250 E of Calais, E 50 by N 135, being lot 5, block
E. Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Sarah E. Henderson to William H. Higginsou,
same, Berkeley; $10.
I . •' I .
Explanation. /■-'-/
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. If any, itie amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth!,
(luring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therm.i, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure Is high In the interior and low
Along the cpast, and the isobars extend north and
■outti along the coast, rain Is probable: but when
the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon Is improbable. With *
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will product
an «ppoglte result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United Statks Department •of Aonicrrir
TUBE, W BATHER ; Bureau, San* Francisco,
April 5, 1896, 6 p. m. Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last
season: Kureka 36.20, last season 38.72: Red
Bluff 16.73, last season ' 157.72: San Francisco
16/28, last season 23.87: Fresno 5.37, last season
13.16; San Luis Obispo 15.41. last season 24.90;
Los Angeles 8.88, last season 15.45; Han Diego
5.68. lust season 11.90: Yuma 0.88, last season
3 01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-aay: Hnreka
62, Red Bluff 54, San Francisco 58. Fresno 76,
.San Luis Obispo 64, Los Angeles 68, San Diego
64, Yumn.B6. ■. .• , \'£- '-:•
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,"
minimum 52, mean 65.
The following rainfall has been reported during
the past twenty-four .hours: : Eureka, .21; lied
Bluff, .14: San Francisco, .91: Fresno, trace.'
A slight barometric depression covers Nevada,
Oregon ami Washington, and the conditions indi
cat- a still lower pressure . off the Oregon coast.*
An area of high pressure is central in the Missouri
and upper Mississippi valleys, which prevents the
movement of the Oregon depression eastward.
Light showers have occurred throughout Washing
ton, Oregon and: Northern California, but .they
nave been poorly distributed. Nine-tenths of an
inch of rain has fallen at San Francisco, while less
than a quarter of an inch Is reported from < any
other station in this State. The conditions indi
cate that showery weather will prevail during
Monday, and it is believed more general rain will
occur throughout the region of California north of
th« Teha?hapi. - ' /.;..-.■--■
% Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, April 6. 1896: ■ . •••.....-= ■•■•=,
) Northern California— Showers to-night and prob
ably Monday; fresli southerly wind. ■■ ■ . . .-■ .;■
" Southern California— lncreasing cloudiness in
north portion, fair in south portion; probably
showers Monday on the northern coast: slightly
cooler in the north portion Monday; fresh gen
erally southerly to westerly winds. -■ -
Nevada— Fair in the south portion, showers In
the northwest portion Monday.
■ Utah— Generally cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday. ..; .. .;,-..
San. Francisco and vicinity— to-night
and probably occasional showers Monday; fresh
to brisk southerly winds. . : - . r --,;;. ■ ■
W. H. Hammo.v, Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALEKDAB.
Arr.ii.. 1896.
W-
-1
I f£\ Last
7
At New Moou.
W AprU i 2
14
v
16
17
18
122
Quai
:Vi/ April
23
Full M<x
April
UttAS SI'EA ..J^^.r:.
Daten of Departure Irnm San l>anri«ro.
ITKAUnK. | l» WIIHATIOM
SAltil.
| PIXB.
i/ii£uun.
Corona j
Australia... . i
P0m0na..... j
Areuuv :
Queen....... |
i sr&lion. ... !
Coptic :
Weeou :
Knrefca
Walla Walla:
Homor
Kmpire
C0031Jay.... '
Banu Kuu.. j
State or Cai '
i Mexic0........ 1
i ban Dieco i
i Honolulu I
: HumboldtUay I
: Coos 8ay. ..... |
! Portland. ;.'.... ;
1 1 aaulna Bar.. |
China & Japan
] Eel River..... j
! NewDorc ......
! Vie & Pet and]
I Coos 8ay......
i For t1ana....'...
Mexic0........ i
San Diego
j P0rt1and....... I
Panama. ...... j
I Apr 7.loam'
iApr 7.11 am I
(Apr 7.10 am
Apr 7. vipm
iApr 7.10 am
Apr B.lUam
! Apr 8, 9am
(Apr 8. 3pm;
iApr 8, 9am
xVpr 9, 9am j
| Apr 9. 9am;
;Apr 9. fiPM
i Apr 10, bi-M
i Apr 10,10 am
Apr 11.11 am 1
!Apr 13.10 am
; Apr 13,12 m
Pier 11
I Pier 11
• Oceanic
Pier 9
Pier IS
i Pier 24
! Pier 2
1 PUSS
, Pier IS
Pier 11
! Pier 9
Oceanic
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2 1
: PMSS
Ac-apulco '
BTKAIEKBS TO AKKIVK.
Steamer I
Kkom
Wellington......
North F0nt.....
Weeoit
Mackinaw
Arcata .".:
KureKa ....
Coos 8ay. .......
Crescent City. ..
Kiode Janeiro..
H0mer...,....,,
Empire
Santa Kosa.
Acapiilco
Marioosa :
Truckee *...-...:.
Progreso
City or Everett
Dmati11a........
State of Ca1.....
8tPam... .......
i5un01. ...........
z».i., ,iV.
'Departure Bay ..
I Humboiclt Bay
Eel River.;...
Tacoma..
Coos Bay. "]
Newport
Meilco
Crescent Clt.v.
China mid Japan
Coos ««r ...... ..-
Portland...
Han Dieiro
■ Panama
Sydney
Tlllamook ......" "
Seattle.....
Nanaimo..
Victoria A Puget Souna
fortiana ..:.....-.
Newport ;..
Grays Harbor
: Panama
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 7
..Apr 7
..Apr 7
..Apr 8
..Apr 8
..Apr 8
..Apr 9
..ADr 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
. Apr 10
..Apr 11
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
/■ealandla. ..
SUN, MOON AHD Tll>K.
U. B. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tidbl
BDI.I.RTIN PCBUSHUD BY OFFICIAL V
ACTHOBITY OP THK SUPEHIKTENDKST. J
Monday, April 6.
SnnrlsM 6.46; M00n rises... 2.38 am
Sunsets ti. 39 Moon seta
April— 1896.
Time
Feet
Time
■ H W
Feet Tlme
L W
Feet
JI W
9
10
11
19'
•2.1 4
3.041
3.4S
4.24
4.64
6.16:
I 3.0; c.30
2.7 7.41
{ 2.4 8.46
! '2.0 ! 9.40
I 1.6 i 10.29
1.-' 11.1(1
: 0.9!11.53
4.91 1.281—0.5 8.50
4.9 2.181—0.4 9.24
4.9 3.021—0.2 9.50
4.8 3.40| 0.i;i0.16
4.7 4.11 0.4 ! 10.38
4.5 4.3» 0.7! 10.57
4.2 I 5.05 1.01 1.19
4.0
4.H
4.5
4.6
4 6
4.7
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides th«
•arty morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
Band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are bnt three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes the
nelghi, and then the number given is aubtractlv*
from the depth given by the charts
SHIFPI.NU INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. April 5.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 80V 2 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
GoodHll. Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 60y 2 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 10 hours from Moss Land
ingandway ports: produce, to Goodall. Perkins <t
Co.
'■■■' Stmr Xoyo. Levinson. 19 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse. to J S Kirn hall.
• .Stmr Alcatraz, Faeerlund, *J6 hours from Green
wood; lumber, to 1, E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 18 hours from Eureka;
pass anil mdse, to Oioodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 60 hours from Yaqulna
Bay via Eureka. 20 hours; pass ana anise, to
Meyer <fe Akmann.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, April 5.
Stmr St Paul, I.eland, San Pearo.
Br bark Centaur, Isbester, Brisbane via Mary
borough.
Baric Bufus E Wood, McLeod, Seattle.
BKtn Planter, Dow, Honolulu.
Schr Del Norte, Brown.
Schr Cpquelle, Pearson, Coqullle River.
Schr Etta B, Madsen. Fort Koss.
Schr Berwick, Strahan.
Schr Bertie Minor, Ravens, Eureka.
Schr Uranus, Carlsen. codfishtng.
Schr Arthur I, Kro^. Fveraens Landing.
Schr James A (iartield, Palmgren. Willapa Har
bor.
Schr Eureka. Wirschuleit, Coquille River.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen.
.le.eeraT>hlo. -±
POINT I.OBOS. April 5-10 p. jc -Weather
foggy; wind SE; velocity 13 miles.
Domefttin Ports.
PORT LOS AN'GELKS- Arrived Apr s— Schr
Sacramento, from Albion: U 8 stmr Philadelphia,
from San Diego.
Sailed Anr 6— Schr Seven Sisters, for Bowens
Landing; U S stmr Philadelphia.
T A TOOSH — Passed Apr 5-stmr City of Ever
ett, lience Apr 1 for .Nanaimo; Nic stmr Costa
Rica, hence Apr 2 for Nanaimo; stmr Mineoia,
hence Apr - forComox.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Apr s— Stmr Lakme, for
Cooks Inlet.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 6-Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Apr 3.
Sailed Apr 5 — Bktn Gleaner, for San Francisco
NEW WHATCOSI-Salled Apr 5-Bktn North
west, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Apr 5-Schr W S Phelps, for
San Francisco.
MENPOCINO-Arrlved Apr 5-Stmr Pt Arena
hence Apr 4. .
FORT AGO— Sailed Apr 5-Stmr Albion, for
Ban Francisco.
PORTBLAKELEY— Arrived Apr 4-Schr Fan
ny Dutard, from Ventura.
bailed Apr 6— bark Aldergrove. for Valpa
raiso.
sax DIEGO-Salled Apr 5— Schr Sequoia, for
Puget Sound.
Movement)) of Tr.-»n<»- Atlantic St«»mers .
DELAWARE BREA KWATER— Passed Apr
Stmr Belgenland, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK- Arrived Apr 5-Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, from Naples, etc; stmr La Bourgogne,
from Havre. . ■
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr s— Stnir Etrurla,
for New York.
• LlZAßD— Passed Apr s— Stmr La Normandie
from New York for Havre. ; ■< ,\r; =\j
Importation*.
SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— l box register, 154
bxs raisins, 8 pkgs mdse, 1 cs clothing, 2 cs shins,
8 Mis dry fish, 13 hf-bbls pickled fish. 9 pkgs to
bacco. 14 os honey, 1 sk guano, 6 pkgs sausages. 6
pcs granite, 339 bxs lemons. 569 b.xs oranges, 1 bx
limes, 3 bals brooms, 1 bdl sponges, 4 eg hardware
1 1&6 bdls hides, 2 cs dry Roods. 1 Me calicoes.
Newport— 3l4 sks corn. 101 bxs lemons, 2 cs
dry goods, 178 bxs oranges.
Redondo— 9Bo bxs oranges, 166 bxs lemons, 1
pkg mdse, 2 ens bikes.
Los Angeles via Redondo— l2 cs jam, 2cs sam
ples, 65 cs tonic, 3 bxs preservaltne, 23 pkgs hard
ware, 13 pkga mdse. 11 cs pickles.
Port Los Angeles— B bxs oranßes, 879 sks corn,
9>"2 sks barley, 625 hxs oranges.
» Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— l 2cs notions
87 bxs oranges, 1 bbl whisky. 1 pKg samples. 1 cs
typewriter, 6 pkgs mdse, 1 cs earthenware, 2 chsts
tea. 1 bx tubing, 8 crts wooden rims, 1 bike 9
pkgs glassware. . •
v Santa Barbara— l 2 bbls mineral water. 2 crates
stoves. 2 bxs baking powder, 117 bdls pelts and
hides, 14 bxs lemons. 8 bbls tallow, 2 bxs butter
10 sks crawfish, 111 pkgs junk. :. • ■ • • ■ ■
Port I! arford— 32 dressed calves, 66 tubs 3 kegs
220 bxs butter, 26 bdls hides. 10 bxs fish, 18 sks
dried fruit, 56 cs eggs, 50 sks dried prunes, 1 erase
stove. 39 bdls green hides, ■ 1 coop chickens, 1 box
dry goods. 20 cs cheese, 1 ' cs salmon, 3cs hats, 1
cs shoes. 1 lot household goods. '
TACQMA— Per Walla Walla— l eh tea. Ibx sil
verware, 1 bx clocks. 10 bbls tallow, 2 cars lum
ber, 1 bx hats, 8 pksrs mdse.
Tacoma west of Farco— 1 cs hardware. 1 bx dry
goods. 6 pkgs mdse, 276 sks oats, 885 sks wheat,
I 160 hf sks flour.
I Tacoma east of Fargo— l cs envelopes. sbx bat
tery cement, 3 pkgs mdse. ■■.-:. ■ . ...
.Everett— ll2 bars lend, 1 lot household furni
ture, 1200 bars bullion. 7 cs 187 bdls 222 rs paper.
Anacortes— 432l sks oats.
Whatcom— l3 bdls hides. ' ' ', ! >
■ Vancouver— 2s cs hats. Ics hosiery, Ics names,
5 cs mdse, 15 bales sheeting, 45 cs cigarettes, 1
piano. . - •■:.•'.■
Seattle— Via Great N X R— soo hf sks flour,
402 oils hides, 6 dry hides, 1 cs mdse, 1 bdl iron
fittings. ;■■* ■ . -
Douglass Island— 1 sealed bx express.
~ Juneau— l bx gold bullion. • .
Wrangle— 3o bUs 27 hf bbls salmon, 9 bdls deer
skins. ■-.•■•■•,» •.;■,-.
Kllllsnoo— 3 bdls deer skins. :"
Port Townsend— l cs ham, 1 bbl molasses, 1 bdl
castings. 1 crt pattern*, 40 bdls hoops, 129 bdla
staves, 20 crts heads, 8 pkes mdse. ■ ' ■
Victoria— l bx soda, 13 pkgs mdse, etc.
. Seattle— lo9 pKgs mdse, 1004 tons coal, 2 sks
coin, 5 bx show cases, 23 cs dry goods, 1 bx rugs,
43 bdls brass tubes. 308 hdes, 38 cs fish, 2 cs hard
ware, 21 : cedar logs, 3 errs bikes, 121 bxs tin
plates. 2 cs brick. 2 bxs clay pipes, ! 3 1 lots house
hold furniture, 19 bbls junk, 2 cs hats, bxs rollers.
31 sbs fertilizer, 40 sks bones, 1 cs clothing. ISO
sks potatoes, 10 bxs elect goods. -' . *
- EUREKA— Per Pomona— ll rolls leather, 1 keg
49 tubs 210 bxs butter. 1 cs 3 bbls ■ mineral water,
1 roll matting, 1 bx barbers'., supplies. 1 bx wring
ers. ,398 M common shingles, : 104 M ft lumber, 1
eggs. 3 kega lard, 1 60 sks potatoes, 20 cs 3 bbls
cider, 11 pkgs express, S pugs coin. ■-: ■.■•• ■■=..-. .•
EUREKA— Per arallon— lo cs eggs, 1 bbl beef.
Coos Bay— 'JO sks potatoes, 36 2 eds match wood,*
4 coops chickens. v . - :. * , . ,
■'' Yaquina Bay— o3s sks oats,' 21 eds stavebolts. 6
coops chickens, 50 hf-sks 1152 qr-sus flour, 32 eds
wood, pcs 6 bdls lumber, 116 bdls felloes, 68
sks bark, 43 cs egics, 2 cs shoes, 15 rolls leather, 1
bx coffee. 2 bbls cider, 35 ska oysters. <
'.'. MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l dx butter, 2cs
eggs. ■■•■•;:■■ '• - «'.: ■"• \- '-■ - - •-■•' ■ - ••■...-■
I '■ ; Soquel— 423 rolls 262 Ddl« paper. :
' Santa Cruz— 3 bxs butter, 4 cs cheese, 15 - bdls
sacks, 1000 bbls lime.
'-Pigeon Point— s bxs butter, lsk mdse, 95 drums
147 bxs cheese, 5 bdls whalebone. i ;■ v .
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo-1 cs shoes, 10 pkgs
electric goods, 1 cs patterns; 3 pkgs mdse, 2 bxs
glass, 1 pump, 252 M ft lumber. ,
Oonsf Tn*A<.
l'er Corona— Hilmer. Bredhoff & Scbulz: .Labor
Exchange; Hillsßros; C E Whitney <fc Co; A In
gurlia: Western Meat Co: HNTllden&Co: W B
Snow: FBHaisht: Knterpriae Brewery; Ijemoine
& Co; American Union Fish Co: 8 Strauss <fc Co;
O Camlllonl <fe Co: Brlgham, Hoppe <fc Co: Kmpire
Glove Worics; Dairymen's Union; A Levy dc Co;
Dodge, Sweeney & Co: Felling, Cressy & Co: Chas
Jacobsen & Co: Wltssel & Baiter: L D Stone* Co:
Kowalsky <fe Co: M T Freitas & Co; J B In(rugll»;
Martin. FeusierA Co; Bti Kuhl ifc Co; H Dntard;
Jonas Krlanjcer Co; BissingerA Co- H Kirch
man: Russ, Sanders & Co: De Bernard! « Co: W
Uino: w c Price * Co: Norton, Teller & Co: J S
Wilson; Getz Bros & Co: Porter, Slessinger & Co:
uarcia& M.i-jaini; APaladini: Milan! & Co: J N
Chapman; Xewmark <fe Edwards; S Levy & Co: J
> Daniels: Gray & Barbieri; Haas. Baruch & Co:
C Carpy it Co: Tillmann & Bendel: Dalton Bros: J
T Cuuing; Miller, Sloss & Scott D E Allison* Co;
■Li Scatena & Co; Wood. Curtis & Co: M J Hranden
sttiri&co: Wetmoreßros: D Biagi&Co: Immel
Co: Gonld&Jaudm: Murphy. Grant A Co: IE
Frank: Eveleth A Nash: A Galli Fruit Co: Weis
ter & Co: Levi Spiosel A Co: Sumner & Co:
Campodonico A Malcolm: Nenburger. Reias A Co:
i-evi, Strauss* Co; People' Kxpress; L Kline: P
CHS Assn; H Clifton; Union Mfg Co; Badiam
Bros; Wm Wolff A Co: A London; Brown Distil
lery; Glen Ellen Wine Co: Thos Day A Co; Lacli
man A Jacob!; G Rosenberg A Son: Boston Woven
Hose Co: Go».lyear Rubber Co: X J Wittenberg A
Co; j c Swartz; J J Xewbegiu: Freestone Distil
lery Co: « L Birkmarer: McDufty & Co: Wrf
Butler; JMelzer; Deere Imp Co; C 1, Doychert:
The PreservalineMfgCo: OK Graham: Diamond
Saw Co; Empire Glove Works: C N Chamberlain:
W W Jones: Denning- Palmer Milling Co; Minaker
A Welbanks; G R Starr A Co: W X Mitchell: H
II Granger: .Nash A Boessenecker: Faultless Nov
elty Co: Waterhouse & Lester; J Evans: J Unna;
Adam Harinan; Cal A Nev Creamery Co; j Ney
lan; Gilbert Clement; Rosenberg Bros 4-. Co; L R
Gale;. M McChesney A Sons: G A Peterson; L,
Meyersteln A Co; River Express: Automatic
Register Co.
Per Walla Walla— A Schilling A Co; A L Hall A
Son: Bisslncer A Co; Moore, Ferguson & Co; W U
MfgCo: Dunham, Carrlgan A Co; Cal WineAs*n;
Wi»'l->nd Brewing Co: Selby smelting ana Lead Co;
W B Stimner A Co; Levi, Strauss A Co; D Apple
ton A Co; Triest A Co; Main A Winchester; Dick
ins Lumber Co: Redington A Co; American Union
Fish Co: Baker A Hamilton; F Toplitz A Co; Pac
Post Tel Co: Balfour, Guthrle A Co: Lachman A
Jacob!: GCamilloni A Co; J X Armsby A Co: A
Mueller A Co; John F English: Mllani A Co; E
Finton A Co; W A J Sloane A Co: A Paladini: I
Bay: Oregon Imp Co; Wells, Fargo A Co: Cleve
land Faucet Co: J Schweitzer* Co; American Bis
cuit Co; Sawyer Tanning Co; Kowalsky A Co; H
Levi & Co; J Stencil: G W Howard; C A Mur
dock: J M Klein; Electric Works; J Smltn; W G
Richardson: Stauffer Co; California Hardware
Co: Pioneer Paper Co: J Q Adams & Co; C Meyer
A Con; , -Alaska Com Co: American Tobacco Co : C
D Bunker A Co: Gardner A Thornley ; C E Worden
&Co; .C E Edwards: E W Tull; F Frank: G D
Graham; G H Chick; Gen Elec Co: Herman A Co;
H Gibb; J C Johnson A Co; J Olsen: \V Jackson;
L B Nordlam; Pursch. Knskel A Weil: Puc Bone
Fertilizing Co; A Switzer; T Kraus; W Garrett;
Pac Ammonia and Chemical Works: W G Hinton;
W LBowall; TR Turner; II W Higsins; Dalzlel
&Moller: Bank of Cal; G Clements A Son; Lewis
Packing Co; U S Wire and Nail Co; Chas Back;
Saunders A Co. ■ • ••
Per Pomona— Wells, Fargo A Co: HlJls Bros: H
I-nna Co: Brown A Adams; C E Whitney Co:
Brigham, Hoppe A Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: J R
llanlfy; Dairymen's Union; Foiling, Cressy A Co;
Wheaton, Breon&Co: Standard Oil Co: Humboldt
Mln Water Co: W P Fuller A Co; Getz Bros A Co;
*BHatKht: W A J Sloane&Co; Ross A Hewlett:
Marshall, Teggart A Co; Norton, A Co: Mc-
Kay A Co; O B Smith A Co: Hibernla Brewery; S
Stanley &Co: Scott A Van Aradale Lumber Co;
Washineton Brewery:
Per Farallon— X WhltnevACo: H Dutard: J
J Evans; Ross Hewlett; Standard Oil Co; Met
ropolitan Match Co; Russ, Sanders A Co: Egaers
Gould & Co: Getz Bros* Co; Morgan Oyster Co;
SH Frank* Co: BGRnhl&Co; J P Thomas; F
J 1 nttle; Cahn, Nickelsburg A Co; C J Lelst A Co
\V G Price Co; Washington Mfg Co: C Jacobson
& to; Bender Bros; R A Uilbriae A Co; Pac W W
AC Co; Pac Com Co.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost: Dairymen's Union-
Hammond A Brod ; Wheaton, Brton A Co; Witt
land & Co: HCowellACo; Norton. Teller A Co •
Brigham, Hoppe A Co; Getz Bros & Co; Pac Fruit
Market; OB Smith* Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co-
Buffalo Brewery: Union Paper Co; Tetzen ACo '
Per Noyo— Harley &Co; Pac Bone Fertil
izing Co; Cahn, Nickeisburg A Co; W E Mfg Co:
Wleland Brewing Co: Golden State Iron Works-
Buffalo Brewery; P Christiansen: J D Eby; Union
Lumber Co.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
I PACIFIC COAST STEASISBIT COMPAJJI
CUT RATES
—TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &G.OO
Second Class d£3 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office—4 Hew Montgomery Street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agent*
C>. OEt- c&5 3NT.
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15........... ....April 8 and 18
State of California sails April 13 and '23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
6OODAIJ* PERKINS <fe CO., Genl. Sapts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COfIPASf
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM &**
k^ Broadway wharf, ban Francis as J&SffiK
follows :
l"or Mary Island, Lorin*. Wrangel. Jnneau, Kil-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), ac 8 a. M., April 14
29, May 14. 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortoa and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 4. 9. 14, \i>, 24. 29. and every fiftn
day thereafter, connecting at - Vancouver . with
the C. f. it. R., ac Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. X. By., at Pore Towuiend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. if., April 3, 7, H.
16. 19, MX, 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, Kast Sao
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. A pril
1, 5.9. 13, 17, 21, 25,29 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diepro, stopping only at Port Harfori
(San -Luis Oblapo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. x.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, and
svery fourth day thereafter.
■ lor Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
raz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. if.. April 5. • .
Ticket ollice. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
itreet.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Gen'l Agents.
■' 10 Market st. San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAMTLAXTIQUE
. French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH jKfglt
\J River, foot of Morton st. Tmvelers by sS»E
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $1 60: second-class, $116.
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Bandelon
April' 11, 8:00 a. si
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe ......; ;
■ April 18, 3a.
LA BOUROOGNE. C»pt. Leboeaf.
:......... ............April # j5, 9 a. m
LA NORMANDiE, Capt, Beloncie., ...-•
-•- «n::.May 8.4*1. M.
JO" For further particulars apply to ■■: ■
■■• A. FORGET, Agent,
M 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FXjGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, L* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI by '
: AUSTRALIA. \f AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.,
April 7, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. MA Rl POSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 30
at 2 P. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN
S. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Asts.. '
: 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
ROYAL SAIL STEAMJACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /mb
fortnightly for the West Indies and dSßfif}
I Bouthampton. calling en route at Cerbourgh, •
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. '
Through bills of lading. In connection with tha
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight »nd ureas-
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
" Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 195: thlfi
«UM, 997 M, For further particulars apply to
VARKOTT & CO., Agents,
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington S*-
At 5 P. M, Daily, Except Sunday.
a&r Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
-:,^1:^V::/ ■ .. . S'l£AUi'K>:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 806. CM, Kav. and Impt. Co. -
fALLEJO. MARE ISLASD, 'BESICIA, PORT
COSTA AM) CROCKETT.
STK.UIONTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. it
- -: and 4 p. v. ; Saturday, 12:30 noon: -
_. ' '• " Sunday— B p. it ;
He. m. only. -
Landing, Mission 1, Pier a* '•;■'
HAIXROAS iJTRAVn: _
BI^REDLCTION Iff RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
3F'OX : L1 > Xji^^.3NnP^O^.'
WEDNE5DAY....:......... APRIL 8,
Ami Kvcry Fifth Hay Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 P. M.
A- g% n— including Berth in I'uilmaa Tourist
SO.UU deeper.
- ....ALSO.... -
First-class tickets, Including berth In U&1 (\- ( *9
Pullman Standard Sleeper, . . «JP-Lv/— —
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor win tickets am
Bold or baggage checked to such points.
£3- Through Tickets for Puget Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further Information apply at .
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
• Ticket Office), San Francisco. - •
■RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAJT,
•^ Pen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Aft
>O1 TSIK.KN PACIFIC tOMPiai.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
TrHlD«le»v« ituil are «Jn« to nirlvo Hi
sam yitANC'ISCOJ
' ~
LEAVE — Fl!OU MAKCM 28. 1596. — ARItIVS
~'7:OOa Atiantic'JCxpreas. oe<len and Km*.. 8x45?
7:OOa Benicia, VacarUle. Kumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis .... 7: 1 3 p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calia-
toga and Santa R05a. ... .......... «JIBP
B<:iOA Kites. San Jose, Stockton lone,
Sacramento, Marjsvillo, Re<] bluff ■
and Sundays exceptedOroville.... _«;»»'
3Oa Peters and Milton •••••• <!1 "
9:««a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
1 Barbara and Los Angeles .„ 1-
-9:0« a Martinez and Stockton ? iS-
-0:00a VaHejo L' : j^ P
1 :OOp Niks, San Jose and LiTermore # JJ"i?,i
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers i" ! ii
1 1 ::JOp Port Costa and Way Stations v ...... » * : * ar
4:00 - Martinez, Sau Ramon. \alle]o,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano ana ,
Santa Rosa i.- OlltV *
4:OOr Benicia, Esparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, MarysTille ._._ ■
Oroville and .Sacramento »Or«aA
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livermore anil
Stockton 7:15 i»
4:30p Merced, Berenda. Raymond (for .
Yosemite) and Fresno 11s43aJ
3:OOp New Orleans lixpress.Fresno.Bakers-
tield, Santa Uarbara.Los Angeles,
Demiug. El Paao, New Orleans and
East.... 1 0 » 1 5 A 1
sioop Sauta Fo Route. Atlaullc Express
• for Mojave and Ea5t.............. 10:13*
5:00p Vallejo 11:45 a
«:OOi- European Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:4.V\
6:<>Or Hayward», Niles mid Sau Jose 7:45\
}7:ooi> Vallejo t<:*3p
7zUOr Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
ville, lidding, Portland, Puget ,
Sound and East 10«43a,
VI 0:05p "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Angc'.es, El Paso, New Orleans ,
and Hart tf9i43r
SANTA t:iU)Z lUVIMOX Oarroir «nuge).
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crur
and Principal Way Stations J8:03l"
»il.">a Newark, C'eiiterTiHc,.San. lose, Feltnn,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations BiSVOp
•2:13p Nerrark, Centerville, San Jose, New •
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
: Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations * I 1 I 2°*
4 : 13 Newark. San Joso and 1.03 0at05.... 9:r»O^
(OAST IHVISION (Ihlnl X ioitnucnil SU.) <
0:43 a ban Jose and Way Stations (New .
Almadeu Wednesdays only) I*l3*.
H:l5ASau Jose, Via J'inos, Santa Crur, ■
Pacific Grove. Paso Robles, San . .
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin- '
cipal Way Stations 7:03P
10-.40 A San Jose and Way Stations B:OOp
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3i3Op
*2:3« - San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, 5: ta
Cruz, Salinaß.Monterey and PacTfio
Grove »1O:4Oa
«:t-.:iop San Jose andl'rincipal Way Stations . 0:47 a,
*4:3Oi> San Joso and Way Station »S:00\
5:30p San Jose and Way Stations •8:4»^
■ «::»Op San Jose and Way Kt.itioiu C:33 a.
+ ll:*si- San Jose and Way Stations t7:4r.p
SAX LKASItKO AXl> HAVWAKUS LU<.'ALr~
i*«:OOA"| " ( 7:15*
8:OOa rO:43A
ioJoSa Melrow, Seminary P«k, VIM*
'"loSp Fitchburg,Sanl>andr* . I<fi]»J1 < fi]»J
3:00p . n) | 4:13P
4:OOp r * SMSP
5:0«p HaTnardl «:I3P
5:30p naywaras. 7.-45P
7:o0p 8:4-1 P
9:00p * Runs through to Nile*. . 1 oisili
tfll:lsp^ . t From Niles. ftlg:OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSAK FRISCISCO— of Muket Street {Slip —
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:03 *2:00 ' ±3:CO
•4:00 t5:00 •6:00 p.m.
From OAKLAND— of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. tl2:00 *1:CO ' t3:00 *3:CO 11:00
•5:00f.M. .-.-■. .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. •■: ■- ■■■ • ■ -, t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. ITTueedaya only. . .
It Monday. Thursday and .Saturday nights only. ■
SMFRAt\CISCO & NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Mark St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a v 12 TV
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 P. K. Thursdays-Ektra tris
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1-»S
and 11:30 p. m.
BCNDAVS-7:aO. 9:30, 11:00 A. jc; 1:30, 3:S<JL
6:00, 6:20 p. it. ' >
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEKK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a w
7 ; 35^. 9 -- 26 ' U:l ° --v i:4 °- *■■«>>
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part « m «
scnedule as above. ""uiw
SanFr'ancW -^^ct _j^^,~
| S. IZEJY™
6:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa.! 7:30 pm 6!15 r*
_ _ - Fulton, i
7:30 am w Wl ° d ~'.' 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
_ .„ Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am 1 Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 p^
Pieta,
_ ' Hopland <t
7:30 am 7 am I ki » h . 7:30 m 6:15 rM
an AM 7:30 am QuernevUle. 7:30 pm 1O:1Oa1<
5:30 FM I I I 6:15 v*
7:30 am 7:30 am i Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm ! 6:00 ;Gie and ien 6:05 pm 6:15 p^J
•-■ Glen Ellen.
Stages connect at Cloverdalp for the Geysers
andlureKl ys ' GraVe Valley. Harris, sco:t»
mes Urday ° Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
-»'!«-»«• >^
w^'l^S l^!^ 0 *««., Chronics building.
H. C WHITIN G, n. X. BY AX,
Gen. Manager. Grn. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trait. leave from and arrive 4o^P&fi^^^flf7)
at Market-Street Ferry. £cj£s&&^vrr£\
SANTA FE EXPRci>S
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Una
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carry Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chica?«
via Kansas City without change. Annex can for
Denver and St. .Louis. ■
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From \ Los Angeles to . Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-car*
nnder Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery ;
and good meals in Harvey's dinlng-ro«m or dlniaa-
can. - ■-:-.... ■ , . .
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Cbr.iuiivlv Buildtug.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
v (Via Sausalito Ferry).
*Rom San Francisco, CorumrnelnK jiarch 29, 1898.
_ „, _ WEEKDAYS.
B'i".i:o."i:^ S p 45 i *• U '' ' 1:15> 3:20 ' 4:15 '
1,-""'"- 1 - ; -SUNDAYS."'
• lii^ln 1 X a "? ana l Sftn ' Rafael-«8:00, »8 00.
li^OO a ' m : 8:3 O - M Xxir * trip to Sausalitoac
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. 13:3 °
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley
I.^» THROUGH ' TRAIN'S.
8 : 00 a' m' c^ laV3 - c azadero and way station*
9 : 00 a' «' 2jJ55 a3r8 Caza If to and way station*
8.00 a. m. Sunday .-point Reyes ana way station*SMALL FIELD
FOR SUFFRAGISTS.
Eastern Organizers Were
Not Needed in Alameda
County.
ALREADY WELL VERSED
Eva Fay's Predictions Have Had
a Marked Influence on
Politicians.
JUDGE FRICK'3 AMBITION.
Veteran Calvin Mac Donald's Tribute
to the Memory of Thomas
S<arr King.
Oakland Office S.vn Fkakcibco Cali.,l
908 Broadway, April 5. )
The lady suffragists from the East have
made their campaign in Alanieda County
and have gone. Tney did not create sucli
a flutter as they have done in some cities,
nor were they the lionesses of the hour,
as they were in San Francisco. Their
work l;as left but little impression, because
it -was no more advanced in nature than
that which has already been done in this
vicinity. Alameda is a suffrage county,
litre women are more prominent in mat
ters political, sociological, economic and
philanthropic than thos»e of any other
covniy in the State. If every county were
as well informed on all the issues involved
in •woman suffrage as is Alanieda, a State
campaign would be useless.
Miss Anthony, lui&s Shaw, Miss Yates
ana Miss Hays are bright women, but they
are no brighter than dozens of others who
listened to them.
The women of this county are as well
versed in «uffrage as the men ana a guffaw
that would be heard from Siskiyou to the
Mexican border would ascend to heaven
if any one were to suggest that a Tam
many politician could give point
ers in eood government to an Ala
meda county politician. The same is true
of the ladies in degree, but not in kind. If
the voters of California vote in favor of
suffrage next November the women of
Alameda County are not willing for the
Eastern suffragists to return to the land of
snow on a train decorated with California
flowers, which will be sidetracked at every
station for the ladies to have an opportu
aity of telling now "we" did it all.
Anna Kva Fay left Oakland to-night and
xrhiie many would have liked to see the
lady of mystery remain longer it is best
for the peace of mind of many that her
adieu has bsen said. The fair-haired little
woman has succeeded in bewildering the
politicians. Her manner of satisfying ex-
Mayor Chapman's curiosity at the Mac
dooongh has caused many to wonder. Mr.
Chapman was told that Judge Frick would
be the next Congressman and that Sam P.
Hall will succeed Frick a? Superior Judge.
It is too early vet in the campaign to pre
• iiat tpay transpire, but* as the two
gentlemen named are both risking their
necks to gain the prizes thai are predicted
for them the words of the little woman
have greatly encouraged not only them,
but their whole following. It was thought
by those on the inside that the Congres
sional bee had been transplanted into
Judge Frick's bonnet by the '"inside"
merely to draw him off from the right to
succeed himself and leave the way clearer
for Sam P. Hall.
Frick as a serious Congressional possibil
ity was not even thought of until this week.
Ivow his chances for the Republican nomi
nation are forty per cent better than they
were last week' while Hall is regarded as a
certain wearer of the ermine for the next
term.
It is just possible, however, that these
two political candidates attach too much
importance to Miss Fay's predictions. She
is liable to err. Friday night a man who
had attended the theater walked into the
police station and ask^d for a detective.
"What for?' asked Captain Fietcher.
"I lost my music box two years ago
and Miss Fay has just told me that it is at
lio. 230 Franklin street. Let's go at once
and get it," said the excited man.
"Guess you're a little off. ' said the cap
tain. "Ihe first house on Franklin is num
bered 500 and 230 would he about two blocks
an 1 a ball into the estuary. If anybody
at that number has your musical box JOB
need a diver, and our detectives don't do
that business. You'd better try again."
The man never came back. There is more
probability of Frick being a Congressman
than of the man recovering his musical
;t on the fame basis it is only reason
able to suppose that the Judge will land
no nearer to terra rirma than on the bank
in the mud.
Few men revere the memory of Thomas
Starr King as does Calvin B. Mac Donald,
tne editor of the Weekly Blade. The vet
eran editor knew Starr King and worshiped
him. Thirty-two years ago yesterday the
founder of the great fraternity that bears
his name passed from this earth. Speak
ing of the memory of Starr King yester
• day Mr. Mac Donald said:
It is thirty-two years to-day, April 4, since a
luminous in tollectual planet disappeared from
our view in the deep vault of eternity; since a
great heart ceased to beat; when an eloquent
tongue lost its musical cadences and a fearless
eoldier of the cross and an invincible cham
pion of freedom, panoplied in strong faith and
plumed for infinite heights, sprang from the
last promontory of time into the tremendous
■ unknown.
Strango, that while untitled by any theologi
cal prefix, Thcmas Starr King did not die then
as other men expire when the breath of life
ba» cone out; that he should have survived
cardby a third of a century in the affectionate
recollection of thousands who did not share
h.'s faith in the Oneness of the Godhead and
■•=. the mere manhood of Christ. But (bey all
believed with him in the unity of the American
nation; and in that were Unitarians, some of
them, unto death.
. ; Through all this generation may some hand
:• impelled by gratitude, devotion and friend
■;.- t-hip, each 4th of April morning renew memento
■ •-" flowers upon his tomb, keep them from becom
.-.- in? athirstin the dearth of summer. Fere in the
. .melancholy days of autumn, or withered in the
•;•/ austere breath of winter, ami ever blooming
:.• in the perpetual spring of loving memoir.
. ____ S. W. B.
EASTER FESTIVALS.
The Heavy Bain Kept Many People
From Seeing the Elaborate
Decoration*.
OAKLAND. Cal., April s.— The heavy
rains that fell during tue day interfered
with the attendance at the various church
services and the audiences were not nearly
as large as are generaly present on Easter
Sunday.
The several places of worship were elab
orately decorated, the display at the
various Episcopal and Catholic churches
being magnificent. The First Presby
terian organ and choir were daintily deco
rated; across the pipes was the inscrip
tion, "The Lord is Risen," worked in white
flowers, and before the organ was an im
mense cross made entirely of white lillies.
The First Congregational, First Baptist
Hid Unitarian cuurcke3 also showed that
Proposed Arc Accepted by the General Committee for the liaywards Convention
of the Y. M. 1., to Be Held Shortly.
[Drawn by W. J. Grijjin from a design by John Haar of Haywards.]
a large amount of labor had been bestowed
on the effort to celebrate Eastertide.
The musical programmes surpassed any
vet prepared for church music in this city,
the regular choirs were augmented by
professional singers in many instances.
A feature of the music at the First Uni
tarian Church was the rendition for the
first time in this city of the Scandinavian
cantata, "The Message of Spring," by the
chorus choir of twenty-live voices.
The churches having Christian Endeavor
societies had a speal Easter service, at
which the young people took part.
CHIPMAN'S OPPOSITION
Men Charge That He Is Not
Competent nor Respectful to
the Rank and File.
Almost a Fire From a New-Fangled
Kerosene Light Plant— A
Divorce.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April s.— No further
steps were taken to-day in the case of Cap
tain Chipman. A visit from the regimental
commander was expected, but not real
ized. The men were to have shot at the
High-street range, but the inclement
weather interfered and not much was
done in that direction. The opposition to
Chipman is very pronounced. There has
long been dissatisfaction, but it never cul
minated in deliberate protest until the
annual muster. On that occasion the
men mustered in full strength as to num
bers, but their drill was lamentably weak.
The captain, in putting tbem through the
manual, made some gross errors in tactics
before the regimental and inspecting of
ficers, which greatly Humiliated the rank
and file. Other cause for complaint is
that he is given to haranguing the men,
and on occasion to address them excitedly
and in terms that are neither military nor
complimentao'. It is related that once,
upon parade, when some of the men were
displaying undue levity, or at least were
lacking in attention, the captain angrily
shouted, "Attention, there ! Be men; don't
be skunks!'' The petition requesting Cap
tain Chipman's removal reads as follows:
To Colonel D. P. Fairbanks, Ctmmtmdcr Fifth '
Regiment, Second Brigade, Xationnl Gvar'l of
California, Pttalinna, lal. — Sir: We. the un
dersigned members of Company G, Fifth Regi
ment. Second Brigade, National Guard of Cali
fornia, complain of Captain W. F. Chipman,
commanding said company, and respectfully
represent to you as follows:
That the said Captain W. F. Chipman is in
competent to command said company, and on
various occasions has shown his ineompelency.
We particularly specify Thursday evening,
March 2t>. 189G,' being the annual muster and
inspection of said company, and on which oc
casion the said Captain W. F. Chipman was
incompetent in the performance of his duties
as said captain.
We make this complaint under paragraph
835. Laws and Regulations Governing the Na
tional Guard of the State of California, and we
beg to request that proper proceedings be
taken in the matter at once.
We make this complaint from no prejudice
whatever, but believe it to be for the best wel
fare of our company and regiment. We beg to
remain yours respectfully.
There is no question about this petition
being signed by a sufficient number of the
men to make action upon it imperative if
it is ever presented, out it is believed the sit
uation will be relieved in some way that
will obviate the necessity of taking the
extreme action that would necessarily fol
low the formal presentation of the docu
ment.
TO PREVENT POKER.
City Attorney Taylor of Alameda Be
gins a New Crusade.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April s.— Complaints
against Joseph Emerick and Charles
Powell, charging each with maintaining a
gambling place, were sworn to this morn
ing by City Attorney Taylor. Emerick
and Powell conduct cigar-stores ana it is
alleged that r>oker games are run in con
nection with the stores. The action by
Mr. Taylor is in the capacity of a private
citizen.
The complainant, in a published inter
view, says that the poKer-rooms are a
great menace to the young men of Ala
meda, par ticularly as they lead to other
forms of Rambling. He says:
Sitting in my office after midnight I can look
out of my window and sc© what is going on In
Powell's upstairs rooms. Then when I go
homo even later and pass Zingg's on Park
street the lights are burning and the poker
rooms are patronized until the early hours of
morn.
If I am not successful in this prosecution I
will go even further to cause the arrest of the
persons who let the premises for the purpose
of gambling. I will do my best to stamp out
the evil.
These back rooms are the greatest menace to
the young men of Alameda. They find there
the billiard and pool table— innocent amuse
ments. From these they gradually go to a
game of hearts or some other innocent game of
cards. But they do not stop at these, and soon
are tempted to play for money, and for their
accommodation there's the game of poker with
a cent ante and the game of piute for 10 cents
a corner.
In my experience for two years I have had
eleven cases of young men who used their em
ployers' money aud when I questioned them
they acknowledged that they had lost it at
cards at either one of these places.
I could tell of a man who lost $135 nt one
sitting a few nights ago, and how extensively
these resorts are patronized you may conclude
from the circumstances that one night re
cently .SBS was the percentage from "the
kitty" in the establishment connectea with
Ziugg's store. I will say this, that in Zingg's
establishment small boy* are not allowed to
enter ever since I made a complaint on that
ecore. :
Almost a Fire.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April s.— There came
near being a bad fire in Zingg's cigar store,
1421 Park street, last ni«ht at half-past 8
o'clock. Tlie store is lighted by a series of
kerosene lamps fed by a system of pipes
from a tan* in the rear. In some way the
pipe in the front part of the store sprung;
aleak, and before anybody knew it the
dripping coal oil was blazing. Being hif h
up toward the ceiling it could not be readi
ly reached, and the flames attained con
siderable headway before they could be
whipped out with blankets und clolhs.
Before the oil could be turned off at the
reservoir a great deal had run down on the
floor and ignited, and as water was thrown
upon it the burning oil floated about, add
ing to the confusion. The lire was sub
dued, however, before any damage was
done other than to scorch a counter. The
elaborate system of pipes that conveyed
oil to the burners tad been in place for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
years and cost $250. It was taken down at
once and thrown away.
JMarital Woei.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 5.— E. J. Evans '
is a contracting plasterer residing at 1719
Oak street, and he has caused something
of a commotion in the social circles in
which he moves by bringing suit for a
divorce against his wife and naming co
respondents. One of these is A. Rovers,
a shoemaker of 1607 Park street, and" an
other is a druggist of the indefinite name
of John Doe. A private detective, it is
claimed, supplied the information on
which the suit was brought. It is alleged
that the defendant has made a practice of
visiting the co-respondents' private rooms
and there indulging in hilarity and help
ing to rush the growler. The Evanses have
a daughter 18 years of age. The wife and
defendant abandoned her home two weeks
ago. Rovers declares the whole story is
concocted to blackmail him, and that he
is entirely innocent.
Relay Races.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 5. — Alameda
wheelmen area little apprehensive that
the rains now prevailing may make
the roads heavy, so that as good time will
not be possible in the relay races next
Sunday as was expected and should be
made. The end of the run will be on
Central avenue, 100 feet to the eastward of
Grand street. The leaders are expected to
snow up about 1 o'clock. The terminal
point was first fixed at Morton street, but
a change in the route through San Jose
necessitated by an ordinance now in force
against racing, made a change of three
blocks to the eastward necessary to pre
serve the distance.
ALAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT
Currants at San Leandro Suf
fered From the Recent
Frost.
The Activity of the Rhubarb-Growers
Has Already Proved of Great
Advantage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 5. \
The slight frosts of last Wednesday and
Thursday mornings made inroads on the
currant crops at San Leandro. What
promised to be a heavy yield is now some
what problematical. Prunes, plums and
apricots are expected to show some result
of the frost later on. The thermometer
registered as low as 33 deg. in San Leandro
Wednesday morning.
The apricot crop of Alameda County has
been ereatly overestimated. Growers re
port that very little thinning will be re
quired.
C. M. Buck of San Lorenzo estimates that
he lost 50,000 tomato plants on account of
the frost, which is reported to have been
particularly hard on vegetables.
As a result of the meeting of rhubarb
growers Jast week a car of rhubarb was
sent East this week. The growers have
held a number of meetings during the
week, and the general state of the markets
in the Eastern cities was inquired into
thoroughly, and it was decided to ship
another carlo.id to-day. The following
gruwer? made shipments: A. B. Cary, T.
H. Begier, F. H. Williams, A. Yager, J.
Calhoun and h>. V. Dubois. The result of
this shipment is awaited with much
anxiety, not only by those who shipped,
hut by all those interested in the pro
duction of rhubarb.
The cannery of Hnnt Brothers at San
Leandro will be an extensive affair when
the present improvements are completed.
A new building was started this week to
be used for the machinery, and it is also
contemplated to increase the cannery
building by an addition to both sides,
work on which will begin next week.
During the season the cannery will em
ploy over 300 people.
It is very probable that a cannery will
also be built at Haywards before tho fruit
season opens. Overtures are bein^r made
between the citizens and some capitalists,
and the prospects ore very bright for a
new cannery.
The reports from all over the county
are very encouraging in regard to fruit.
The warm weather of the past week has
developed the bloom, and at present
everything looks healthy and promising.
FIRE NEAR DECOTO.
Mm, Holf'A Roadhouse Totally I>e-
Btroyed by the Flames— A Nar
row Escape.
OAKLAND, Cal., April s.— The road
side house owned by Mrs. Holf was totally
destroyed early this morning by fire.
Mrs. Holf and" a servant lived in the
house, and about 3 o'clock they were
roused by the noise of burning timbers.
They discovered that their rooms were
full "of smoke, and they had only time to
partially robe before ilames drove tnem
out.
The fire had made such headway be
fore it was discovered that nothing could
be done to arrest its progress. Mrs. Ho!f
and servant rushed into the road and
watched everything burn, meanwhile con
gratulating themselves that they escaped
with their li»a. The house is situated
about half-way between Haywards and
Decoto. The damage is about $3000 and
the origin unknown.
Ambition* Livermore Children.
LIVERMORE, Cal., April s.— The Liv
ermqre Ladies' League of Progress is in
tending to form a boys' and girls' league
for the purpose of cultivating in the young
minds a consciousness of their importance
and usefulness. The first thing that will
engage the attention of the young leaguers
will be the gathering of v L"ivermore Val
ley exhibit of wild flowers for the State
Floral Association, which holds its annual
meeting in the Palace Hotel this month.
The association offers a prize for the best
display of native flowers. Last year Mar
tinez won the prize, and Livermore Valley
is said to be far more prolific of flora than
the vicinity of Martinez.
Down is from "dun," signifying a fort.
It at one time consisted of two counties of
Down and Ards, but they were united into
the present county in the reign of Eliza
beth. A largo part of Down was conquered
by Hugh Buidhe O'Neill, and was thence
forth known as the District of Glaneboy.
The McDunleys and McGuinuesges were
the chief clans.
EASTER IN BERKELEY
Elaborate and Extended Pro
grammes Rendered at the
Various Churches.
A New Vested Choir of Fcrty-Six Men
and Eoys Make Their Appear
ance at St. Mark's.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 5.— A1l of the
churches iv Berkeley celebrated Easter to
day with special services. The exercises
of St. Mark's Episcopal Church, of the
First Presbyterian and the North Berke
ley Congregational were perhaps of a
more imposing nature than those of the
other churches. The one thing which par
ticularly distinguished the exercises at St.
Mark's was the inauguration of the new
vested choir of forty-six men and boys.
The cljoir has been training under the
direction of Key. Mr. Swan for the past
four months, and its initial appearance
was welcomed with much interest by the
parishioners and visitors. The singers
were attired in vestments and occupied
the choir loft, which had been made
especially for their accommodation. The
church was beautifully decorated, especi
ally around the altar, for the occasion.
At 6 a. m. holy communion was cele
brated by Rev. George E. Swan and at 8
o'clock by Rev. Dr. McClere. The festival
morning prayer, celebration of holy com
munion and sermon were conducted by
the rector. At both the 11 o'clock morn
ing and at the 7:30 o'clock evening ser
vices the vested choir rendered the music.
At the conclusion of the evening service
the organist, Harvey Loy, rendered a pro
gramme of selected organ music.
Following was the elaborate musical pro
gramme of the day :
Organ prelude, first movement, Sonata No. 2
Rheinberger
Processional hymn, "Christ the Lord Is Kisen
A (rain" German Chorale
Te Deum in A l)ykes
K<mt«-r festival hymn with alleluias Nadltional
Hymn, "Victory, " from Palistrina
"Kyrie," by Gounod; "Sanctus," by Stainer
Amheni, -'Why Seek Ye the .Living Among the
Dead?" Clara
Recessional hymn Sir George Elvey
Organ postlude, "Tocata in F" Widor
EVENING SERVICE.
Organ prelude.J-'Prelude and I'ugue in E Minor"
Bach
Festival music, by vested choir
"Tocata aud Fugue in D Minor" Bach
Cffertolre (in Deo Charitas) Dal Her
Andante, rrom "Symphooie Oothlque" Op. 70
Widor
"Scherzo in A Minor" Bert
The vested choir was made up of the
following men and boys:
Men— Messrs. Pennoyer, Bonn ell, Force, Nu
gent, Ramsdell, Roberts, Kierulff, Turner, Tay
lor, Hraokenbury, Harris, Good, Cummiugs,
Kline, Atche^on.
Organist — Harvey Loy. Instrumentalists —
Messrs. Wysham, Fife and Easton.
Boys — Robert Flemming, Roswell Wilder,
Harold Pauli, Allen Nicholas, Georpeand Stan
ley Curaberpateh, Patrick and Norman Am
brose, Alfred Bailey, Dudley and Ardley Hnr
vey, Elmer Nelson, Robert and Hugh McJun
kin, Harry Goodman, Charles Taylor, Jack
Matthews, Charles Pond, Leo Brown, Will
Hampton, Alma Seabory, Harry Cheney, Wil
liam Powell, Will Cavalier, Robert Parker.
Cros*-bearer— Efiington Stitton.
At the First Presbyterian Church the
following programme was rendered:
Organ voluntary
"Gloria" Choir and congrngatlon
Prayer
Chant. "Venlte" Choir
Hymn Choir and conprega; ion
Scripture readinc;
Easter hymn Miss Edith Russell and chorus
Prayer Offertory
".Rejoice, the Lord Is King" (Cecil B. Kline)...
Full choruS
Sermon Rev. Dr. Keichuin
"Kessurrection" (Shelley) Miss Alice Raymond
"Shout, Shout the Glad 1 idlngs' ' (J. H. Brewer.)
Full chorus
Hymn Choir and congregation
Benediction
At the North Berkeley Congregational
Church Key. J. Clarke Robbins. the pas
tor delivered a sermon on "The Triumph
ant Savior." Ar the evening service he
took for his subject, "The Stone Rolled
Away."
The musical programme was as follows:
"Easter Bells Are Uinging" Bracket
'•Thoy Have Taken Away My Lord" Stalne
"Easter Eve/soprano solo with violin obligato
Gounod
'•The Holy City" Adams
"Welcome, Fair Dawn" i>m
•'Hear 1 hou Our Pray er" .Karl
NEW PEOPLE.
They Are Not Modern Cre atlong of
Fashion but \V«»re Clearly Out
lined by Paul.
OAKLAND, Cat,., April s.— The Twenty
first street Free Baptist Church was most
beautifully decorated yesterday in honor
of the Easter festival, and the music was
of a superb character. At the Easter even
ing concert the pastor, Rev. Philip Graif,
delivered a brief address on "The New
Man."
He said in part: "The new man or the
new woman is not a spick-spaw original
h"n de siecle phrase, but an old term, doing
good service in Paul's idealistic theology.
With him the old man is human nature
in its unwashed and unregenerato aspects,
creeping on all fours and lust-ridden, liv
ing for pelf and palate, while the new man
is a creature who has put off the seamy
robe of sin and forsaken the swine-trough
levels of experience and is daily pattern
ing Ms life and habits in the image of
Christlikeness. No matter what mere
moralists may say of the power of self
oulture, reform is but a skin-deep process
if the very substance of the soul remain
untrained and untransformed. Pometitne3
:i simple scratch or pin prick will reveal
the Hottentot that sleeps beneath the
Sybarite suavity or the Attic polish. The
new man is not tailor-made, nor molded
out of a cosmos of Chestertieldian graces,
nor an idol of academy or mart, but a
being who tries, in true guise and holy
passion, to be fashioned after the perfect
Christ ideal. Unless a man is year by
year growing sweeter in spirit, finer in the
moral sense, braver in burden-bearine,
readier and ampler for deeds of self
sacrifice, more evenly poised and more
radically genuine, he is in peril of spiritual
decadence.
"Just as neither balloon sleeves or
Easter dainty hat, neither bloomers or
ballot-box create the new woman, but
only her development into a better and
more useful angel of mankind, so the new
man is not constructed out of bits of
veneering or draperies of gold lace, but out
of a diviner life of aspiration and duty.
To make temptation the stepping-stones
and pedestals of triumph, to hail pangs of
doult and whirls of change for the sake of
more love of soul, to contend lor prizes
that bless others rather than win applause
for one's self, to environ secular things
with an atmosphere of sacredne?*, to make
religion as practical as the golden rule, to
freight every footstep with benedictions
like the divine Kazarene — this is the mis
sion and glory ol" the new man.
A BANKER'S TALE.
Tells Hour Completely He Was Hunkoed
by Astute Gold - Brick
Men.
OAKLAND, Cal., April s.— The pre
liminary examination of Andrew Root on
a charge of grand larceny was continued
in the Police Court Saturday, .danker
Stephen Little of Dixon was one of the
principal witnesses against the prisoner,
and his testimony will go a good way to
ward holding Root in custody. After be
ing released by Judge Frick last week, for
lack of evidence of a conspiracy, the prose
cution have taken particular pains to show
Root's connection with "Big-foot Dave."
Mr. Little deposited $7500 with Root
and "Big-foot" Dave over a year ago, but
still he refuses to swear to a complaint.
However, he told his experience in the
Police Court to-day, and swears positively
that "Big-foot" Dave brought the gold
bricka down to Root's room and that Root
saw the transfer or the money. At that
time Root remarked as he saw the bricks:
"Those are very pretty bricks. If I had
money enough I would like to take one
back with me to Philadelphia. "Root, who
was introduced as Mr. Morton, applied to
Mr. Little for the position of assayer in
the mine. The banker replied that it
would be time enough to hire an assayer
when they got to work in the mine.
After the assayer pronounced the bricks
genuine the bricks were locked in Koot's
room while he and Big-foot Dave drove
over to San Francisco to get the
$7,500. On their arrival there Little
suggested that they take the borings to
Shrevc's and have another test. That was
satisfactory to Big-foot Dave, and as the
dust was pronounced as pure gold by
Sliereve's assayer Little paid over the
money, and Big-foot Dave took him to the
Sixieenth-street depot and bade him srood
by. He never saw him again until he saw
him in jail. After he reached home he got
the usual letter signed "Brass Bricks.'
He took the bricks to J. H. Rice, his cash
ier, and asked him to have them assayed.
Gustave Shulze was called in and pro
nounced them brass. Little then told Mr.
Rice to do away with the bricks, and has
not seen them since.
Antone Primeaux of Tuscarora took the
stand, and told the story of his connection
with the swindlers as related in The Call.
No new facts were developed. Mr. Hof
stra was recalled, and on cross-examina
tion admitted that he had never demanded
the return of his money from the prisoner.
WILL BE BROUGHT BACK
Mrs. Emma York Must Stand
Trial on a Charge of
Embezzlement.
Got Away With Twenty-Two Thou
sand Dollars Belonging to
Her Son's Estate.
Emma York, the mother of the late Fred
Gibson, who is charged with embezzling
$22,500 belonging to the estate of the latter,
and who was arrested yesterday at Denver,
will be brought back to this State for trial.
Detective Crockett will leave this City this
morning for Sacramento, carrying with
him the necessary documents on which
Governor Budd will be asked to apply to
the Governor of Colorado for the extradi
tion of the accused woman.
John E. Richards and Messrs. Delmas
& Shortridge, who are the attorneys for
the widow of the late Fred Gibson, whose
death in this City on March 29 last will be
recalled, were in consultation with the
heads of the Police Department yesterday
and decided on the immediate extradition
of Mr 3. York. The lawyers for Mrs. Gib
son Bet forth that this money belongs to
the estate and must pass through the
regular legal channel along with the bal
ance of the property. It ia in fact the
principal part of the estate to which Mrs.
Gibson sets up her claim.
When Mrs. York, who absented herself
from the obsequies over the remains of her
son in Sacramento, left for Fredrickton a
few hours after the body of her offspring
was borne to tlie grave, Richards and Del
mas & Shortridge were soon apprised of the
fact, and at once instituted a search for
her with the result of her apprehension at
Denver.
She got possession of the money during
her son's late illness in San Francisco.
This money she turned over to another
son, James A. Gibson, who took it to
Sacramento.
He was arrested for grand larceny, but
on showing a receipt Tor the $22,500 from
his mother the charge against him was
dropped ana the trail of Mrs. YorK, who
bought a ticket from the railroad agent
under the name of Emma Brewer, was at
once taken up.
Trie complaint charging Mrs. York with
the embezzlement of the money was sworn
to by Mrs. Delia A. Gibson, her daughter
in-law. It is not thought that there will
be any unnecessary delay caused in the
extradition of the woman.
The Japanese are a go-anead people
in almost everything but railway speed.
Of all the twenty-three lines in" Japan,
State and private, the Tokio-Yoko
hama has the honor of the best time — an
average of 19 miles 76 chains per honr.
Next ranks the Ofuna-Yokosuka road,
with an average speed of 19 miles 18 chains.
NEW TO-DAY.
i There are other scouring «j
i soaps than "Sapolio"; and i
i there are other chocolates i
X than i
$ Qhirardelli's \
i Ground j
I Chocolate; I
■■■£ ' . I
v But don't you want the 1
? best — and don't you know 3
i there's nothing "just as i
i good " as the best 7 I
i Made in an instant I
i very rich and nourishing; I
& deliciously sweetened and i
t flavored. I
< . >
I Remember «
M W
I Ghirardelli's ?
7 or you will be disappointed i
4 All Grocers. Accept no substitute. ?
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for th*
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Sells on . its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
NAI'.I-.K, ALFS St ItKI'XK. Agents,
323 Market St., S. (send for Circular.)
COSMOFOLiITAI\r,
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
I- ran Cisco, Cal The most, select family hotel in
the city. Board ana room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals "Jsc. ' Booms, 503
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coaca bearing the name of the Co*
mopolUan ilot:l. W'AL V All EV. Proprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS H. PHILLIPS, ATTORUEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
Fell st. Telephone "Pine" 2591. .
/^'^ Dr. Gibbon's Bispensaiy,
jfflaiDlfH 625 KE AKBIT ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
2 £. X , EAKN ' r * T - -Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
A^SWdSf Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
!H MB disease wearing on bodyand mind and
3«HH« kin Diseases The doctor cures whan
i^Hßßmg others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cores KoarnnUrU. Caliorwrite.
i or. 4, W. ttfßßOlf, Box 1937. KiuKiacQ,
/luction Sales
I. J. BIIIOIIS AUCTION CO., ISC,
WILL SELL THIS DAT,
M0nday........ April 6, 1896,
■ • At 11 o'clock a. m., at salesroom,
IOS7 Ivr«Lrl*.ot Street,
Grand Estee Upright Piano, in perfect order and I
magnificent tone; Burnished Gold Leaf Mantel j
Top, with French Plate Mirrors: Handsome Hand-
polished Cherry Etigere ; 5 Oak, Cherry and Walnut !
.Bedroom Suites; Fancy T«bles,Chairs and Rockers:
Oak and Walnut Wardrobes; Writing Desks; Book- j
cases: Hat racks; Extension Table and sideboard; j
Fine Imported ■ Oil Paintings and Engravings;
Handsome Odd Pieces Parlor Upholstery; Bed I
and Clipper Lounges and Couches; Extra Fine ;
Clipper Spring and Curled Hair Top Mattresses;
Odd Beds, Bureaus and Washatands; Crockery;
Glassware; Blankets; Comforts: Cooking Range, |
and numerous other household requisites: Hand- J
some Moquet Rusts from 12 to 21 yards; also Body
Brussels and Tapestry Carpets. .
11. S. KOZMINSKY, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-331 Sntter Street, above Grant aye. j
At 230 Sutter Street at IO A. BE. This
> Day, I will sell the Contents of
Barber Shop and. Bath-house.
Also at 10: Hit A. M. at Salesroom,
I will sell the Complete Furnishings of Three Pri-
vate Residences consisting of Almost New Oak
and Walnut Furniture.
S. BASCH. Auctioneer.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist.
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIO
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder]
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
! or women, emission"), sleeplessness, mental worry,
; ulness, failing memory and all the distress-
ing Ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an J permanently cured. Gonorrhea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if living away from tha
city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address F. L. BWKAN V, M.D
737 Market St. (Opposite Examiner Office),
San Francisco, Cat
PROPOSALS.
jsxj:F»:E=»x J i:e3S
FOR THE
STATE ASYLU M
AT AGNEWS.
Commencing May 1, 1896, and Ending
September 30, 1896.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-L.\ proposals will be received at the office of the
Secretary of the Board of Trustees of the State In-
sane Asylum at Agnews, No. 32 East Santa Clara
street, San Jose, up to 3 o'clock p. m. of TUES-
DAY, APRIL 21, 1896. and at the Asylum at
Ajrnt-ws up to 10:30 o'clock A. M. of -WEDNES-
DAY, APRIL 22. 1896 (Asylum time), for furnish-
ing supplies tor said Asylum tot the six months
commencing May 1, 1896, and ending September
30, 1896, said proposals consisting of the following
schedule, and to be delivered as ordered:
Groceries.
6000 ponnds Beans, small white No. 1, last crop.
4 dozen Bath Brick.
1000 pounds Crackers, Soda, net weight.
250 pounds Corn Starch, Kingsford's, 1-pound
papers.
400 pounds Cheese, best quality, California.
40 pounds Candles, Stearic Wax, 20-pound boxes,
16 ounces.
50 gallons Coal Oil, 150 degrees test.
48 pounds Chocolate, Eagle. 1-pound papers.
100 pounds Germea.
3000 pounds Hominy, large.
15 cross Matches, Diamond Match Co.'s three
noes, Safety.
4 dozen bottles Lucca Oil, quarts. Cross <£ Black-
well.
2 dozen bottles Olive On. Quito farm, Goodrich's
large.
600 pounds Pearl Barley, No. S.>' ; ' .-"'■.
800 gallons Pickles, No. 1 mixed. in barrels.
8 boxes Raisins, 3-crown loose, 60-pound boxes.
5000 pounds Rice, sandwich Islands, No. 1.
1000 pounds Split Peas.
9000 pounds Sugar, dry granulated, extra fine.
' 16,000 pounds Sugar, Golden C.
200 pounds Sugar, cube.
200 pounds Sugar, powdered.
1200 gallons byrup, Golden, 80 gallons to the
barrel.
72 pounds Soda, Bi-carbonate, 1-pound papers.
500 pounds Tapioca, flake. -
200 gallons Vinegar, wine, 40 deg. test.
3 dozen bottles Worcestershire Sance. Lea & Per-
rln's. pints. ■
6 cases Oysters, 12 ounces, No. 1, Farren's.
Macaroni and Vermicelli.
1000 pounds Macaroni, white, No. I, 25-pound
boxes, net.
1000 pounds Vermicelli, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net.
Canned Goods.
10 cases Canned Apricots, standard, gallons.
10 cases Canned Corn, Wlnslow's.
10 cases Canned Peaches, standard, gallons.
3 cases Jellies, assorted.
Dried Fruit.
2000 pounds Dried Apples, sliced. No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Apricots, bleached, No. 1. '
10!) pounds Dried Currants, Zante, No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Peaches, bleached. No. 1.
3000 pounds Dried Prunes, California French, 60
to 70. -A.^r
Coffee, Tea, Spices, Etc.
1000 pounds Coffee, Java.
4000 oounds Coffee, Guatemala.
1600 pounds Chicory.
500 pounds Tea. A. Schilling A Co's Popular
No. 4. ;
1500 pounds Tea. Diamond M., E. B. Congou,
No. 12.
500 pounds Baking Powder, Pioneer or Golden
, Gat i", 6-pound cans.
60 pounds Cinnamon, ground. A. Schilling &
Co's best. 3-pound cans.
20 pounds Ginger, ground. A. Schilling & Co.'s
be.it. 3-pound cans. - '
100 pounds Mustard, ground. A. Schilling &
Co.'s best. 3-pound cans.
250 pounas Pepper, black, ground. A. Schilling
<£ Co.'s best. 3-pound cans.
2 dozen bottles Extract of Lemon. A. Schilling
& Co.'s best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
2 dozen bottles Extract of Vanilla. A. Schilling
& Co. 'B best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
Fresh Beef. Mutton. Etc.
100.000 pounds, Fresh Beef, No. 1, all steers
from 600 pounds to 700 pounds, delivered in sides.
6000 pounds No. 1 : Fresh Mutton, delivered
whole.
3600 pounds No. 1 Fresh Veal, dressed, delivered
whole.
801 l Butter.
2600 pounds Fresh Fancy California Butter.
K. c Butter.
10,000 pounds First class California Kee
Butter.
Kjrcs.
4000 dozen Fresh California Eggs.
Potatoes.
110,000 pounds No. 1 Burbank Potatoes.
Hams, Bacon, Lard and Pork.
(00 pounds Bacon, Light Breakfast, bidders to
state brands.
2600 pounds Hams, bidders to state brands.
1000 pounds Lard, Pure Loaf. in tierces.
6 barrels Milt Pork, extra clear.
Salt Finn.
600 pounds Codfish, California, selected. 100
pound cases to run 18 fish or less to case, last
catch. -
5 half-barrels Mackerel, No, 1, 100 pounds net
each barret.
Fresh Fish.
10,000 pounds Fresh Fish, No. 1 assorted.
» Salt.
' 8000 pounds Fine Dairy Salt. -
Flour, Grain, Etc.
15,000 ponnds Ground Barley.
6000 pounds Corn MeaL i ■
6000 pounds Oat Meal, extra.
6000 pounds Cracked Wheat.
25,000 pounds Bran.
3 barrels Boiled Oats.
nfnii^'liMm— him ii immniiiiiißiw WTT t
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 618 L
OLD HORSE SALE!
THIS DAY
Monday .- April 6, 1890,
At 10 o'clock a. m., we will sell
in our salesrooms,
3 1 and S3 SUTTER ST.,
BY ORDER OF
WELLS, FARGO & CO.,
ABOUT TWO THOUSAND PACKAQES
OF UNCLAIMED MERCHANDISE,
to pay eh drops'), comprising: Trunks,
E valises, Boxes, Bundles, etc.
DWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers.
(Sold-i 31 and 33 sutter street.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
600 barrels Flour, bakers' extra.
2400 pounds Graham Flour.
6000 pounds Wheat. ._
Chewing: Tobacco.
POO pounds Drummond Tobacco Company's
Horse Shoe.
Smoking Tobacco and Pipes. •
350 pound* Plug Cot, In 1-pound packages; bid-
ders to submit samples.
6 gross Clay Pipes, i. D.
Soap, I. ye and Soda.
125 boxes of Star of Kitchen Soap, 20 bars to
the box.
20 boxes Ivory Soap, laundry size, 100 bars to
the box.
1600 pounds Laundry Soap, Tlscher's.
200 cans Concentrated Lye, American, one-pound
cans.
Laundry Supplies. '
1 case Chloride of Lime, 24 ten-pound cans.
2 cases Caustic Soda, 24 ten-pound cans.
1 case Caustic Potash, 12 twenty-pound cans.
6 pounds Blueing, Aniline K.
360 pounds Laundry Starch, Palmetto brand.
200 pounds Wheat Starch, fifty-pound boxes.
25 pounds Japan Wax.
2000 pounds Sal Soda.
Dry Goods.
400 yards Bed Ticking, Amosksag, A. O. A., 86
Inches wide.
200 yards Crash, linen, 18 inches wide.
300 yards Denims, Pearl River Indigo Bias, 28
Inches wide.
, 500 yards Sheeting, Indian Head, 4-4 unb!»aohed.
100 yards Pequot, 5-4 bleached.
300 yards Pequot, 7-4 bleached.
; 500 yards Pequot, 7-4 unbleached.
300 yards Muslin, Lonsdale, 36 Inches wide.
! 200 yards Prints, 32 inches wide.
100 yards Ginghams, Amoskeag, staple, assorted
colors. • -.:■:. - .
2 dozen Corsets, large size.
j 6 dozen Corset Steels.
! 2 dozen Steel Thimbles, large sires.
5 dozen Buttonhole Twist.
| 25 pounds Cotton Batting, medium.
60 pounds Darning Cotton.
i 6 dozen Bedspreads, white,
1 dozen Hair Brushes.
10 dozen Combs, dress.
I 6 dozen Combs, fine.
125 dozen Clark's O. N. T. Spool Cotton, assorted
! numbers and colors.
6 dozen Handkerchiefs, ladles'.
20 dozen Handkerchiefs, men's Turkey red 34
Inches.
6 dozen Hairpins, K. & 8., assorted, No. 100.
35 dozen pair Ladles' Hose, gray mixed.
1000 dozen Needles, Mlllward's assorted sizes.
2 gross Pins, Wallace <fe Sons, No. F. S. C, 8 "A.
20 gross Buttons, pants. ■
6 gross Buttons, horn, coat and vest.
'-'5 gross Buttons, agate, dress and shirt, No. 40.
• .:: Clothing.
100 dozen pair gray mixed cotton Bocks.
10 dozen Overalls, duck, canton flannel lined, lee
30 to 34, waist 3 l i to 44. '
8 dozen pair Suspenders, average and extra
lengths.
Brushes.
4 dozen Hair Floor Brushes.
2 dozen Counter Brushes.
5 dozen Scrub Brushes.
1 dozen Shoe Brushes.
8 dozen Combination Mop Handles.
Brooms.
16 dozen California Brooms. The Industrial
Home for the Adult Blind, No. 1, Excelsior.
1 dozen Whisk Brooms, 3 strings.
Crockery and Glassware.
8 dozen Dinner Plates, 8-inch.
8 dozen Soup Plates, 8-inch. - "-■-.
3 dozen Vegetable Dishes, 9-inch.
1 dozen Platters, 12-inch.
6 dozen Sauce Dishes, small.
12 dozen Cups and Saucers.
6 dozen Glass Tumblers.
Tinware.
5 dozen Galvanized Iron Backets. 3 gallons, No.
24 iron.
5 dozen Galvanized Iron Chambers, B*4-lnoh
top, 7-inch bottom. 6V a inches high, No. 26 iron.
10 dozen Pint Tin Cups, X tin.
. 1 dozen tin Coffee Pots, 8 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Tin Syrup Cans. 2 gallons, XX tin.
1 dozen Soap Cans, 3 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Milk Cans, 3 gallons, XX tin.
Wood.
200 cords Pine Wood. Said wood shall not be
under 6 inches or over 10 inches in thickness and
shall be strictly No. 1.
Engine-Room Coal.
' 150 tons Engine-Room Coal, 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales. t
Gas Coal.
100 tons Gas Coal, 2240 pounds to the ton. Bid-
ders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales.
Range Coal.
40 tons screened coal. 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales. .
The above-named articles are all to be of the
best qualities, subject to the approval of the
I Medical Director, and to be delivered at the
| Asylum at such times and in such quantities as he
1 may desire. And it is expressly understood that
! if a greater or less quantity of any article than
I above mentioned shall lx» required by the Medical
Director, the same shall be furnished by the con-
tractor at the contract price.
The contracts will be awarded to the lowest
responsible bidder, and no bid will be received or
considered unless .accompanied by a certified
check in an amount equal to 10 per cent of the bid
or bids presented, which amount shall be forfeited
I to the people of the State of California as settled,
I fixed and liquidated damages in case the bidder to
I whom the award of contract is made shall fall or
rcfus? to enter into such contract and furnish such
bonds for the faithful performance of the same as
the Board of Trustees may require within five
days after such award. Supplies only to be re-
. ceived between 8 a.m. and 4r. m. Separate bids
, will be received for—
GROCERIES.
MACARONI AND VERMICELLI.
CANNED GOODS.
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE. TEA, SPICES, ETC.
FRESH BEhF, MUTTON, ETC.
ROLL BITTER.
KEG BUTTER.
EGGS.
POTATOES.
HAMS, BACON, LARD AND PORK.
SALT FISH.
FRESH FISH.
! SALT.
1 FLOUR, GRAIN, ETC.
'■ CHEWING TOBACCO.
i SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPES.
i SOAP, LYE AND SODA.
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES.
DRY GOODS.
CLOTHING.
BRUSHES.
BKOOM9.
CROCK RY AND GLASSWARE.
TINWARE.
I WOOD.
! ENGINE-ROOM COAL.
GAS COAL.
RANGE COAL.
The Board reserves the right of rejecting any or
ail bids. "
Payments to be made monthly, in cash, when
! there is money in the Treasury for such pay-
i meets, and when there is no money in the
i Treasury, payment to be mAde out of the first
' money In the Treasury applicable for that pur-
pose.
Bids to be addressed to T. S. Montgomery, No. 32
East Santa Clara street, San Jose, Cal., Secretary
of the Board of Trustees of the State Insane Asy-
lum at Agnews, and indorsed on envelope, "Propo-
sals for furnishing supplies." Bidders will also
mark on envelope the class of supplies bid on.
Envelopes and blank bids may be obtained by ap-
} plylngto the Secretary. A separate envelope will
i be requin . i for each bid.
\ Samples of articles, showing tbe character and
- quality thereof required, except such as are per-
! ishable, may be seen at the storeroom of the
Asylum.
The attention of bidders is called to the following
section from the Political Code of the Stale :
BacTXOM 3235. "No supplies of any kind or
character for the benefit of the State or to be paid
by any moneys appropriated, or to be appropri-
ated, by the State, manufactured or grown in Ibis
State, which are In whole or in part the product of
Mongolian labor, shall be purchased by tbe officials
for this State having control of any public Institu-
tion under the control of the btaie, or of any
county, city and county, city or town thereof."
In order to preserve uniformity and facilitate
the award it has been resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms furnished by the
secretary.
Parties will please carry out the sum total for
each article and add up the same, so that the gross
amount may be seen at a glance; otherwise bid
will not be considered.
By order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Insane Asylum at Agnews. '-
: Dated San Jose, March SiS, 1888. * P*SB
T. 8. MONTGOMERY, Secretary.
No. 32 Ease Santa Clara street, Ban Jose, Cat.
1112
Whist
[All communications concerning whist, an
swers to problems, etc., should be addressed
"Whist Editor," Call, City.]
Note the number of times when you sit
down at a whist table, at the end of each
deal or when the card? are all played, how
often some one of the four will invariably
say, "Partner, if you had done so and so,"
or* "returned my lead," or make some
other similar remark. Remarks of any
kind generally provoke discussion and dis
turb the players at the other tables as *yell
a? your own. There is no better way of
acquiring a knowledge of whist than dis
cussing and analyzing hands after they
are once played to see where and how the
looses or gains were made, but the players
should be by themselves where others can
not be disturbed. The Trist Club of this
City have what they call a "post-mortem"
table, and we think it would be a capital
idea if all whist clubs adopted the same
plan. It is very amusing to listen to the
kicks, wrangles, "whist talks" and "whist
instructions" that are given during an
evening's piav. when really not a word
should be spoken during the game more
than the laws of whist allow, and that is
very little. It is well to always avoid
playing with a partner who insists upon
giving you instructions while you are
playing.
lii previous articles we have had some
thinj; t«"> say on the opening of each deal,
"The Original Lead" and what the part
ner should do in return when winning the
trick. What if the partner does not win?
This point of play the text books do not
go into very exhaustively. When ti>e
original leader opens the game with a
small card and it is wen by tae adversa
ries, what are they to do? and what suit
should they select to lead from, and what
card? This is a question that puzzles not
only beginners, but many advanced play
ers as well. The lirst tiling for the adver
sary to think of is what is the length and
strength of the suit of the original
leader— bear this well in mind. In all of
our illustrations or examples we place the
original leader south; as you read this
paper, or, if it was a map, south is always
at the bottom, north at the top, the right
hand east and left hand west.
The lead has been made, fourth player
or east wins the trick and still holds the
master card in the suit. Here is an oppor
tunity for '"underplay." To the beginner
and many advanced players this is Greek.
There is nothing more necessary to be ex
plained, as underplay is a Gatling gun in
the hands of the advanced against the in
experienced player. It is to return the
lowest of your left-hand adversary's lead,
though you have the highest in your
hand, hoping your partner will make the
third best if he has it and still retain the
master card of the suit in your hand.
For example, suppose East, fourth
riaytr, has ace, king and one small of his
left-band adversary's suit. To underplay
he wins the trick with the ace and returns
the small one. One of the things that
phonld never be forgotten is to keep the
command, or master card, of your adver
sary's suit as long as it Is safe to do so—
and when, on that subject, it will be well
to state you should get lid as quickly as
possible of the command of your partner's
suit..
What should fourth player lead if he
does not have the chance to underplay?
First, if the best suit he has got should
happen to be tne one originally led by his
adversary and has been weakened by win
ning the trick, if he can place eleven
cards in the suit and has some trump
strength he can do no harm to return the
suit : if his partner has not the winning
card he may be able to trump. Second, if
he lias a gooa strong suit he should lead
from it and select the conventional card
just the s-arae as though he was the orig
inal leader. Third, if he has no strong
suit lead the highest of a three-card suit
when it contains an ace and two small, or
king and two small; in tbat case it would
be best to lead low. If you have no such
holding as above, but have three or four
small trumps and a singleton, you are
justified in leading it to make your small
trumpsin a possible cross ruff. If the
original leader opened trumps from
strength and the second or fourth player
wina the trick and opens from their strong
suit it is generally right to conceal the
length of it when you can by your open
ing. If it is a five-card suit make it appear
as four, and if it is a four-card suit make it
appear as five. You cannot hurt your
partner and you can disturb your adver
saries and often pick up a trick you would
not otherwise get.
WHISTLETS.
The schedule of play for the month of
April for the Trist Duplicate Whist Club
is as follows:
Tuesday evening?, 8 o'clock— Club renord
play (average system). Wednesday after
noons, at 'J:30 — Instruction for members
and guests; also whist play. Thursday
evenings, 8 o'clock sharp — Progressive
duplicate: prizes given. Saturday after
noons, 2:3o— Whist play; members and
guests. Saturday evenings, 8 o'clock—
Progressive straight whist; members and
guests. Last Saturday evening in each
month— Consolation whist for prizes and
refreshments.
The schedule of play for the San Fran
cisco Whist L'lud for the month of April is
as follows :
During the month of April progressive
duplicate whist will De played on Mon
day, Wednesday and Saturday evenings.
On Monday evening, April 13," two prizes
will be awarded to the couple making the
hiehest score above the average, players
tw-ing handicapped Dy the committee. No
other evening prize play will be had until
further notice
Tuesday afternoons, April 7, 14, 21 and
28, whist talks will be given to lady mem
bers from 1:30 to 2r. m. This will "be fol
lowed by whist play for lady members,
with partners selected by players, except
that on the 7th and L'lst i'nst. partners will
be selected by lot. Yesterday afternoon
the lady members determined upon rules
and plan oi play lor "ladies' trophy."
Kach subsequent afternoon at 2 o'clock
there will be whist play for lady members.
Our little Whist Queen, "Miss Kate
Wheelock. a teacher of whist with a world
wide reputation, has originated one of the
brightest ideas ever thought of in whist.
In ncr illustrated lectures she proposes to
have the cards placed on the table as in
actual play.
In all whist matches the score should be
announced as a gain of so many tricks, not
"point*"— there is no such thing as points
in duplicate wiist.
H. K. Hertel, vice-president of the Pick
wick Club of Pasadena, was a guest of the
Trist Club for the past week.
Mr. George M. Mott, vice-presi'ient of
the Pacific Coast Whist Association and
Mr. Charles K. Burnnam, one of the direc
tors, have formed the Capital Whist Club
of Sacramento. The Hideout trophy is
in their minds.
The New York Times Sunday edition
and the Albany (N. V.) Evening Journal
fell into the line of j>ublish:ng a whist
column last week.
It is the intention of the directors of the
Pacific Coast Whist Association to try and
have a midsummer tournament.
Mrs. C. M. K chey and daughter of the
Trist Whist <iub sail from New York on
the Kensington, Red Star line, April 22,
lor Italy, to remain two years in Miian,
•where they sjo to perfect the musical edu
cation oF Miss Aimee. All their whist
friends will miss them and wish them bon
voyage.
Printed schedules for play of two-table
duplicate In teams of four, as adopted by
the American Whist Leazue, can De had
free from the whist department.
Otto Richter, caiaain of the big four of
the Descliapelies Whist Club of Tacoma,
whose tine whist play won the challenge
trophy in the tournament recently held in
Seattle, is spending a few days iif the City
among his many whist friend^.
Whist has recently been introduced into
Harvard and Yale universities. Stanford
and Berkeley students ought to take it up
for their indoor amusement as well as
analytical mental exercise. Poe says:
"Proiiciency in whist implies capacity for
success in all those more important under
takings where mind struggles with mind."
HAND FOR COMMENT.
The following hand, which was sub
mitted by Milton C. Work of Philadelphia,
came in* actual play in a ladies' tourna
ment.
The question is, What should South play
on trick 5?
The best answer will be published.
The hand (south).
Spades— Ace, 8, 7. 5.
Hearts— King, queen, jack, 8, 3.
Clubs — King, 4.
Diamonds — 7, 6.
Trump, 10 hearts. Leader north.
THE Pf.AY.
Trick. North. Eau. Sonth. West.
1 S S 2 S icsS 4 S
2 •_' H ace H jack H 5 H
8 -2. D ace D 6 D 3D
4 8D kinjj D 7 D 9 D
5 4 D
The name of the winner will be given
with the best solution of problem No. 1
next week.
DIVIDED THE STAKE.
A Crowd Saw the Coursing at Ocean
View Yesterday in Spite of
the Rain.
The talent, that is always so ready to
make a fa/orite of a dog it fancies, was en
tirely at fault at Ocean View coursing
park yesterday, and the short-end players
reaped a rich harvest. Under favorable
conditions the form players might have
had an easier time of it, but the rain and
wet ground upset their calculations, and
many "good things" went down before
dogs that were not supposed to have a
ghost of a show.
The crowd was on hand in spite of the
rain, and some of th« courses were inter
esting enougn to satisfy the most exacting.
Following is the result of the run-down:
D. Lehman's Nellie C beat J. Moran's Uncle
Sain, W. D. Murphy's Lord Clifton beat T. But
ler's Susie, If. Tiernan's Tullamore beat J. Su
grue's speetlaway, J. Baxter's Yankee Doodle
heat C. B. Wood's Lady Byron. 1). Tweedie's
White Rustic beat R. Pringle's Never Left, D.
Tweedie's Dublin Stout beat J.Tracy's Hondon.
J. McLaughlin's Handspring a bye," Villa ken
nel's Electric beat M. Welen's Maud S. J. Me-
Laughlin's Ben beat .1. Hminon's Foxhnll, J. J.
Kdinond's Vida, Shaw beat same owner's Valley
Queen. Vioi kennel's Fond Hope 11 bye, (i. Fnr
rell's Sly Boy a bye, W. Creamer's Black Bart
beat T. Neenan's Feariess, Villa kennel's May
Tea Boy a bye, J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy a
bye, W. Perry's Coomassie beat C. Coop's Cali
fornia Violet.
First ties— Nellie C beat Lord Clifton, Yankee
Doodle beat Tullamore. White Kus-tic beat
Handspring, Dublin Stout beat Electric. Ben
beat Vidn Shaw, Sly Boy beat Fond Hope,
Black Bart beat May Tea Boy, Coomassie beat
Mission Boy.
Second ties— Nellie C beat Yankee Doodle,
Ben beat White Rustic, Sly Boy beat Dublin
Stout, Coomassie beat Black Bart.
Third ties— Ben beat Nellie C.
At this point darkness prevented fur
ther coursing and the first three prizes,
amounting to $42. were divided between
Ben, Sly Boy and Coomassie, Nellie C tak
ing lourth money.
On Sunday next the regular twenty-four
dog stake will be run. The drawing will
take place on Thursday evening at 915
Market atreet.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J S Spaldlne. Mayfleld J Harrison. San Hdno
S Smith, Chicago J A Andrews. Ix>s Ang
C Bennett & w. ( ol Spgs P Houghner, (Jlenbrook
C S Mering, Yolo o Hotuhiier. (.lent.rook
Or C E i'.eed. I'etnluma D Dier-sen, Siicramento
Wl' Ready, Portland J D SwsBSOO, Casberg
<i Apel, Sacramento (' F Law, Stockton
W May, Sacramento Mrs Browning. >an Jose
T F F'arolHD, Cal J D Tint, Sacramento
A Dnbbers, San Rafael C Gnrner, Oakland
D I) Martin, Cal Q B Williams, N V
A X Moaley, Moxton (i X Fuilagar, N V
F' B Jackson. Moxton A Wentz<r .v w, Ft Bragg
1 R smith. Modesto Xts U W Dixon, Ft Bragg
Miss Smith, Modesto Miss M Dixon, Ft Bragg
A B Atkins. N V r a Meade, Victoria
T A Mackey, Redding c W McLouth, ,v V
O H Bacon, Va J D Bradley, Meroed
M Sllva, Kedwood W H Hilion. «_.len Ellen
S N I'.ailey, Collis R W Wuodoury, Denver
a Eas man, collis J stansfield. Minneapolis
Mi<f3 llend, San Jose Airs J W Brown. Los Arnc
Miss F; Atkins. Sn Jose W 1 Mead, sta Barbara
Mrs H Bend, San Jose J J Morey, Waisonville
F Hathaway, l.os Almos T Goldtisn. Hollisier
W V» Dole. Cnl Q A Boyden, N V
Mrs T H Robertson* Dr Z 1 Magill, Healdsbg
eh, Seattle Dr V B Watson, Healdsb
J Simpson, Teharua t: H Vance &. w. Eureka
.1 W Moore. Stockton Miss E >> Vance, JCureka
H R McNoble, Stockton Miss A M Van.-c, Eureka
RISS HOUSE.
Mrs M Woods. Seattle R J Roberts, Los Ang
J A Crimp, Denver C R Scott, Portland
M J Cahiil, Everett, Mass Mrs D L Reil, Santa Crui
O II U 00.1, Sisson Mrs Churchill, San Rafael
John I'arker, Sacto X B Sanford, Forest City
«i (i Crary, Ashland, Or X T Hochea i w, L Angs
DEW lit y, Vina Chas S Smith, Chicago
H W Davis, Auburn S Jacobs, Reno
L Jacobs, Wadsworth H Zuberbier. New Orleans
N M Avery. wdi f, San A W -ilsby, <;ranis Pass
Rafael c A Gord m, oregou
Chas S Moons. Sisson M Marx, Etna
A A Harris, SuuerCreekH MeKenzie, Mendoclno
J McPherson, los Ang o A Mathison, Benicia
D J Quinn, Benicia H Clay <t w. Modesto
A Harris, SutterCreek F Nugent, Antioch
(i W Know & w, Utah M Solomon, Or
W R Wheat. Los Ang W J Kenyon, Stockton
0 Thelis, san Diego H H Granger, San Diego
J M Baker. Copp-ropolis W H Doolev, Hoplaud
X V spencer, SusanvlUe A Curtin. Los Ang
L) Miuinin- <t f, BC c S Hackett, Bakersfleld
J E Porter, Batarsfield A Marks, Bakersrield
P K -'l e < -' uni l' *w, ohio Mdc Cunip, Los Ang
I\\ lokiirn, Idlewlld A Rubensteiu. Fresno
.1 S J oung, Santa Cruz J ( -exton, Pleasanton
J O Hayes, Hurbin Sprs S E Sllvey & w, Ind
J S Lacy <fe w, Conn E J McCarthy, Ukiah
PALACE HOTEL.
vy H Taylor. Or L Allen, Hanford
Mrs Hi) Inderwood, J S McDonnell, Kans
Mare Island . *• S Champlin & w. 111
\\ L Mead <fe w, Chicago Dr W A Hendey, L Ang
Dlt Brown, Sa?inaw S J Chapman Aw 111
E X Watson, London G C Salch, Chicago
A A Thomas, Japan M Boshworth. Term
0 A Tippett, Sau Diego Mrs J D Norton, Mich
Mrs A B Piuman. Mich G H Dennett *w, 111
H Bradley- <fe w. Pa J C King, Chicago
1 Robenson. Or W P Newcomb, V S A
G B Jacobs, N V a Mallris, B C
iT^,-' 1 0 ,' 1 " 1 ' Los Angeles W H Hamilton, Pa
H \\ Hammond, Canada G E Gard, Los Angeles
Mrs M i Venter, Kbds C E F Venter. Kansas City
Mr -v . " SteVe^' Mass Miss U Stevens. Mass y
R M Manson, Lincoln
. LICK HOUSE.
w '- 1 , 1 . rks ' Omaha . J F Anderson. Los An*
II T Shuman A w. N V C M Wylie. Chicago
■r^r'i'"f JO ' , J A XVa y mir ". Alameda
1\, G \\ itter, Cal , C J stllwell, Cal
J Ilale ft Portland .Miss Hale, Portland
OBHiMd*le,Or Hy T smith, Port Costa
£\\Hayne.NY D W Balrd, Seattle
A^-r °»,'- Se ; itle , L D Bradeen, Seattle
A C Grilhn, Seattle J Lawrence, Cal
1 B Weber, Sacramento J D Cannon, Sacramento
J i Mpoay, Truckee J B Stevens, San Jose
II B llealy, Concord J H Weigman, Portland
M J Solomon, Chicago T D Nicol, Stockton
M S Sheridan, Sacto Ii Collins, Cal
8 McDougall, San Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G W Scott, Sacramento A L Wolfe, Oakland
T itzgerald, San Jose Dr B a Case, Ukiah
»\\ anen8 ' Oakland H M Berry, Oakland
Ea V lucent, Oakland G G Porter Wash
A i le i? ", I>or i, lanil W W Wells. Chicago
W t Price, Truckee F E Aiken, NY
SChorn, Los Angeles W Llewellyn, Los Angeles
w 0 ..- i?"Y \.^ ■ « A Seaborg, Los Angeles
} A Bush, Seattle J Grimewald. Los Angeles
I) « Owsley. 11l OM Ummaler&w.Chicago
M Mayer, NY J Miller, NY
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D O Toole&w.Coultervle N P Shaw, Lakedale
James Jackson, Oakland W Rlnsim. StocKton
C H Critchrield. Benicia W Brookman, Tracy
Peter Dory, U 8 N D George & bro, U S N
J M Speindler. Ogden (» H Aeshellman, Denver
J Haigh, Oakland J F Jackson. Oakland
Mrs Church, Chicago F W Fin nail, Chicago
James Joyce, Alaska Al McDonald, Alaska
Dr F B Robison, Denver
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
E McNeill, Menlo Park H M Bier, Portland
\\ I sweetlanii, Or G Rehm <fe w, Chicago
H Norton. Spokane p B Gallagher, Spokane
Mrs 11 E Orr, Lo«i An* Miss L Brown, Los Ang
W S Cook & sn, Portld J L Foskett. Portland
HA Willis, salem L A Kerr, Wellsboro, Pa
C H Jones, Or k R Earnest, Mo
J R «reen, Fresno a Sassasno, Fresno
J\\ Delworth, Fresno L Hayes, Seattle
3AN FRANCISCO "CALU"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco Cali^
710 Market street, open until 13 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-630 Montgomery .tram.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*. * M .
ontll 9 o'clock. Mm
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o clock.
118 Ninth street, open nn,tll 9:30 o'clocfc.
_ SPECIAL NOTICES.
KS» BAB TENANTS eTecTED~FOR~»4^
•-^ collections made, city -or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st..' room 6. Tel. 6580.
mpjr WINDOWS CiJCANED AND FLOORS
•^■ r scrubbed ; reasonable rates : payment for
damage* cnaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO., 242 Sutler.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
WZjS* GOLDEN GATE COMMANDEBY •*:
~-^ No. Iti, Knights Templar, Golden T«3*
Gate building, 626 Slitter St.— Regular meet- IFS
ing THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. All <M>
1 raters are cordially invited. ▼
CHARLES H. MURPHY, Commander.
>v ii.i.!am T. Foxda, Recorder.
JESS* OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, F. m
/VT x-? , A. M. — Stated meeting THIS A
(MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. T&V
■ - " . EDWARD F. DELGER, Secretary. /^T^
§K§F~SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER, m
«f^ No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets Ik
THIS EVENING for business. TkV
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /V\
tS 1 MEMBERS OF CALIFOR- --y^wr-
»-*' nia Lod*e No. 1. I. O. O. >' v.-ill^^M^i
attend meeting at Eureka Hall, Odd %<KS
Fellows' building, MONDAY EVEN- <^*yiwS >
ING, April 6, to elect representatives to Grand
Lo(1 « e - W. C. RILEY, N. G.
G. W. Pat walt, Secretary.
|!SS» NOTICE, A. O. JI., BOARD OFfc^jffr^J"
»**'. Erin— The officers and members VXwlf
of A. O. H., B. of £ are requested to com- " SJN\«
ply with article 14 and section 19 ofc£«S*»
the constitution. By order of *"^3f
D. WARD. County Delegate.
__John_McCakt»>ky. County Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FEMALE.
"XtTENTION, LADIES-i HAVE NOW REG-
-TV Istered several flrst-clßss foreign cooks; also
2 first c ass waitresses; a competent Scotch nurse,
and a number of housework girls with good city
references. For particulars telephone, write or
call on MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
IJEFINED YOUNG GIRL DESIRES HITUA-
Xl> tion as nurse or second girl: $10 to $15: coun-
try preferred; references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
t^JTUATIONS WANTED BY SEVERAL
►--< tirst-class waitresses and chambermaids; also
laundress, cooks and housework girls lor city and
country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. .
SITUATION WANTED— A GERMAN GIRL
In a German family; between Third and Sixth
ata.; sleep home. Address G. G., box 105, Call.
S" TROJNG COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS
O ■work by the day; washing or housecleaning.
Call oraddrens 419 >atoma st.
YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES SITUATION, |
X housekeeper or general housework; city or
country. 906^ Powell st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GlitL AS FIRBT-
-0 class waitress and parlor maid. Please call at
543 Franklin st.: no cards. ■
1 Mi.M I KM' ENGLISH COOK, MIDDLE-
\J aged woman, nice laun tress, lately from the
East, will work for small wages in neat family:
city or country: will go as working housekeeper.
Call 749 Howard St.
Y OUX G GERMAN GIRL WISHES BITIT A-
-I- tion to do upstairs work. Aptly 126 Guer-
rero st.
JMIRL OF 11 WISHES HOME AND school-
VT ing; Is willing to tend children and do light
housework. Address J. O. KKKUE, 136 Rose aye.
"V"URSE (HOSPITAL EXPERIENCE) AVANTS
-l-> position to care for invalid or infant: good
seamstress: would help with upstairs work; ref-
erence from physicians and former patients. Ad-
dress 413 Nineteenth st.
tTespectable woman wants work by
Xt day or week housecleaning or washing; local
references. Call alter 2 o'clock, or address S. 21.,
222 Willow aye.. bet. Van Ness aye. and Franklin.
Y otr *« LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X stenographer and typewriter, or tend candy
store; experience: wages not less than $6 per
week. Address MISS 8., Call Branch Office, 339
Hayes st.
\ r OUXO LADY, GOOD SEWER, WISHES TO
J- learn dressmaking; wishes small wages while
learning. Address M., Call Branch Office, 713
Larkin st.
NGLISH GENTLEWOMAN UNDERSTAND-
J-J Ing control of servants and general housekeep-
ing desires position as companion, housekeeper to
elderly lady or gentleman or widower with family;
good amanuensis, reader, nurse or musician. Ad-
dress MRS. M., box 162. Call office.
1 f a tTon WANTED BY RELIABLE GIRL
0 to do second work or general housework: best
of reference*. Please call or address 118 Ninth.
Ur ANTED— WASHING OR HOUSECLEAN-
»» ing; $1 per day and carfare. Address W. \V..
i box 19, Call Office.
DHKSSMAKER WOULD LIKE A FEW MORE
engagements by the day or week; terms rea-
sonable. Call or address 2019 Turk st.
RELIABLE WOMAN FOR~ HOUSEWORK OR
XV cooking; best of reference; city or country.
Please call at IS Oak st.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WOULD
like situation to take care of children, city or
country: good home more of an object than wages.
Address W. 8., box 151, Call Office.
WOMAN OF 1 1 1 ; Y I N EME N T , ENGAGED IN
'» business a portion of time, desires pleasant,
refined home with middle-aged or elderly lady;
will pay small board during engaged time, and
give light service during disengaged time, in ex-
change for above. Address Home, box 118, Call
Office.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN IS ANXIOUS TO
X get work by the day: light washing, window-
cleaning and sweeping at $1 and carfare. Address
A.. 339 Hayes st., Call Branch Office.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day washing and cleaning office: $1 a day and
carfare. Address W. C, box 32, this office.
LADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
J-i keeper or to do plain sewing and wending.
Apply 821 Mission St., room 3.
ELIA BIITgi"rL~WANTS SITUATION AS
-It companion or lady's maid to lady traveling
East: first-class references. Address 8. F., box
117, Call Office,
TVfIDDLE-AGED GERMAN. WOMAN WANTS
■wx situation to do general work; wages $10
to $12; city or country. Call or address 113
fwenty-gixth St., near Mission.
W' I N C HESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST. NR.
Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable-
tree bus to and from the ferry.
NY KIND OF SEWING WANTED— FINE
-TV needlework, mending, children's work. 25
Hermann st., near Valencia.
CYkvvvKfl- A X t D t BEST IX AMERICA-THE
TtJOrSHU CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
SITUATIONS .WANTED-3IAL.E.
PCO.COOK'd SOC. SUPJ-LIKS COOKS; AJUL
. branches :short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant4B.
HUNTER & CO.. CHJNKSE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and 6acrbmento: lei. '_»3L
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414V 2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
AN ENGLISH BUTLER, WITH 3 YEA.tS
XV references from last place, wants a situation
In city or country, For partlcula-s address R. B
424 Sutter St.. or telephone Main 5472.
PERSIAN "BUTLi-JR, WHO THOROUGHLY
VI understands his business and can furnish
testimonials from his last place, wants a situation
In city or any distance in country. Please telephone
(Main 6472) or address Butler, 424, Suiter st
A SSISTANI' BOOKKEEPER, COLLECTOR",
-T\. good penman; not afraid of work; wholesale
house preferred. J., box 152, Call Office.
\ LL-ROUND COOK DESIRES A SITUATION*
xV German. Address Cook, 368 Minnast.
AN AND WIFE WITHOUT CHILDREN
want position in private place in country- can
give good reference. Address A. X.. box 147, Call.
VJAN AND WIFE WANT PLACE; BOTH
i-'A first-class cooks: mining camp preferred. Call
or address J. W. TAYLOR, 17 Fourth St., room 4.
JAPANESE FAITHFUL BOY WISHES POSl-
tion for general housework or as waiter; good
reference. B. H., 2517 Paclric aye.
Y°UNG GERMAN WANTS WORK IN CITY
X or country: is willing to work. Address W. X..
box 100, Call Office. . '
BA FOREMAN, GERMAN, FI nST~-
class on bread or cakes, wishes situation- city
or country. 171 Clara st.. near Fifth.
IP IRS I' -CLASS UPHOLSTERER AND CAR-
pet-layer will . come to bouse and work • send
postal. 11 Willow aye. r^
BARBER WANTS SITUATION. CITY OR
country; first-class workman. Address W C
box 137, Call Office. '
VOUSO man of" GOOD QUALITIES
X wishes position as office assistant; age 17. Ad-
dress 35 Natoina st. ; good references.
SOBEit, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Eastern and San Francisco references
wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
dreasC. P., box 137, Call.
"EXPERIENCED ENGINEER WISHES SIT-
-Li nation in mill or manufacturing department*
; thoroughly understands repairing: also manage-
ment boilers and machinery. Engineer, box 157,
Call.
IDDLE-AGED, SOBER, , HONEST MAN
1- wishes situation in private family; wait on
table: understands housework or gardening- cood
j references. J. M., box 148, Call. -
SOB KB, GERMAN WAITER WANTS POSI-
lion; hotel or restaurant: city, or country
Borneo her kind or work. ; Address S.G., box 42.
Call Office.
■OUTCIIKK WANTS work in SHOP OR
x-» slaughter-house; city or country, country pre-
ferred; age 28: good reference. Address '*■*•
box 93, Call Office.
BY GOOD GERMAN COOK FOR HOTEL, RES-
taurant or boarding-house. Call 545 Mission.
rVO LIQUOB MEN-STEA DV MAN WANTS
X position In liquor-store; good bottler; can at-
tend bar: not afraid of work: best of references
Address L. M-, box 108, Call Office.
VI IDDLE-AGED MAN (NORWEOIA JS)
J*x strictly temperance, wishes a situation of any
kind: handy with tools, can milk, and a good all-
-round man; speaks German and English; prefers
a place as watchman, janitor or private place- best
of references Andreas O. H., 440 Second st.
no ACH MAN (ENGLISH). THOROUGHLY
\J understands ■ his business, also garden and
cows: first-class Eastern and California references.
Address Ted. 1725 Everett St., Alameda.
.WANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED TAILOR".
-.-»» situation in clothing-store, to cut or sew and
generally useful; country preferred. v Address
M. A., box 123, Call Office.
VY o * G GERMAN WANTS A GOOD POSt-
Jr r }. loa of * - v kind; good woritcii. '■ H. T. PEN-
NEC, Golden West Hotel.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continued.
COMPETENT BOOKKEEPER, MARRIED,
V, who speaks English, French and German, with
dps!, of city references and bonds, wants' a situa-
tion, or would like to keep small sets of books, at
reasonable terms. Address N. N., box 91. Call.
XpXPERT STENOGRAPHER, TYPEWRITER
a- ana mimeograph operator, also good teleg-
rapher, wants position. Address P. D. Q , box 125,
C all.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
W ANTED — COOK, PLAIN WASH, $30;
in. 1 rotestant second girl, $20. see lady here at
10 to-day: waitress, country hotel. $20; 3 cooks,
restaurant and boarding-houses. $25, $30-and $35;
nurse for institution. $20; German governess, $20,
and a large number of girls to fill situations In city
and country^j. j\ CROSETT CO., 312 Sutter st.
W A XTED-A LAUNDRESS FOR A PRl-
■'» vate family in the country, $30; first-class
cook for Ist of May, $40: also waitress for same
house, $30; nurse lor 3 children. $20 ; cook for large
institution. s4o; nurse for invalid child, $16; Ger-
man chambermaid and seamstress, $26: 50 house.
w ° rk Kir's lor city and country. $20 and $a 5. Ap-
ply MIBS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutler St.
TTOTEL LAUNDRESS. $20; KITCHEN GIRL,
AA $15; housework girls, city and country. R.T.
IV ARD «fc CO.. 610 Clay st. .
RANCH COOK, $25; REFINED GERMAN
chambermaid, $20. MISS CULLEN, 33S Sut-
t?r st*
13 E FIX ED GIRL, UALISTOGa, HOUSE-
XV work; fig, hiss CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
WOMAN" WITH A CHILD; $15. MISS CUL-
_ LEN, 323 Slitter st.
EKMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN LAUN-
vj dress, country, $25 • housekeeper. $25; 20
housework girls, city and country, $20 and $25:
6. young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CU LLEN,
323 Sinter st. :;.4?j.-,
TRISII COOK, JEWISH FAMILY, $30: LAUN-
X dress. $25, country; German or French house-
work girl, country, $30: chambermaid and seam-
stress, $25; girls can secure llrst-cla-i ssituatlons of
any kind by applying to MISS Sutter.
■\| OTHER AND DAUGHTER, OR 2 FRIENDS.
i'A country hotel; $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
PROFESSIONAL COOK FOR INSTITUTION,
X $40 to $60; cook for summer resort, $35; head
waitress, country hotel, $30; head waitress, city,
$25; waitress, hotel near city, $20; waitress, sum-
mer resort, *20; 2 German girls, general house-
work, $20; girls for housework, city and country,
$20; 2 German girls cook, and second girl for
Southern California, lately arrived preferred, $25
each; hotel cook, near city, plain hotel, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED— FRENCH GIRL for HOUSE-
" work, $30; French nurseglrl. $10: cook and
small wash, $25, must understand German cook-
Ing. $25 to «30; chambermaid, lodging- house,
$20: girls tor housework and assist, $20 and $15.
LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton. '
HOUSEKEEPER, 2 GENTLEMEN: COOK,
German boarding-house, $30: chambermaid,
assist, $20. Alameda; refined girl, assist, $20; Ger-
man cook, $25; waitress, restaurant, $20. MME.
LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st-
- 1) LA IN laundress, country HOTEL,
X $20: waitress, country hotel, $18; waitress,
i small restaurant, country, $15, ranch cook, $20;
26 women and gins for housework. MURRAY <k
READY, 634 Clay st.
KAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK and COOK-
Xi ing: small American family: country town;
$15. MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay St.
WOMAN WANTED TO WORK IN KITCHEN.
" 13b Polk st.
"yOUNG for light housework.
X Apply 1134 Turk st.
pHAMBEEMAID TO ASSIST AT WAITING.
\J $25. country Hotel. Hotel Gazette, 420 Kearny.
■yoUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X German or Swedish preferred. 1220 Filbert at.
Good tail Tress WANTED ON custom
X coats. 1034 Mission st.
OTRONG YOUNG GIRL for cooking AND
kj housework: must be a good cook; 4 in family;
wages $25. Call between 10 and 12 at 1728 Bush.
A7"OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 318 Third St.
•yoUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1505
X Kentucky st.
GOODTAILORKSs; ALSO APPRENTICE ON
V-T custom coats. 610 Montgomery st., room 22.
W" ANTED— AN APPRENTICE ON' CUSTOM
'» coats. 14 McAllister St., room 19.
\\T ANTED — 100 LADIES FOR AMAZON
»» march. Call from 12 m. :o 5 p. m. at 3 White's
place, off .Jones st., bet. Sutler and Hush.
APPKBNTICB WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
■xi- on custom coats. HO' 2 Harriet st.
WANTED— A TAILORKSS TO WORK ON
' ' coals at once; steady work. 211 Sixth st.
PPPIL- FOR MILLINERY SCHOOL; LES-
sons private or class; evening pupils special at-
tention; stylish trimming, 25c. 410 Leavenworth.
fTONEST BUSINESS WOMAN TO TAKE EN.
XX tire charge of office; experience unnecessary*
references. Address E., box 83, Call Office.
WANTED— 2 EXPERIENCED GIRLS TO
'» work in pickle factory. L»,vi» Packing Com-
ing, 625 Front st.
■\ r OUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X care children. 1035 Shotwell st.
OOI) OPERATOR ON COOKS' and WAIT-
VJ era' aprons. 636 Clay st., room 6.
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL
" housework in a family of three. 2218 Jackson.
HA 1 R 1 1 j ; s > I n ■ ( ; . 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
r\RESSM"AKIXG. CUTTING AND FITTING
X' taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
TMRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE BUT
J? first-class need apply. 604 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»" Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c 10 $1 60 per nieht; $1 60 to $6 per
week : ♦"»« bus to and from the ferry.
APPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-^V ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 to to *6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
T A WHENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS,
■IJrutt'.ne school. 1231 Market wt-.tx-t. Bth and 9th.
MALE HELP "WANTED.
W ANTEH- M ATHIXIST 'FOR COUNTRY^
" $45 and found; American solicitor for city;
tiemakers: rooks: waiters, and others. Apply J.
F. CBOSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COOK FOR PRIVATE FAMILY; MUST BE
good on pastry; $50. C. R. HAN SEN * CO.,
110 Geary st.
IJLACKSMITH, COUNTRY SHOP, $2 50 DAY;
X* lineman to act as foreman for donkey engine
in the woods: butter-maker. $25: milker, $20,
country. C. R. lIANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
9 A TIEMAKERS; FIRST-CLASS TIMBER;
—\J tools and grub advanced: 8c apiece; long job.
R. T. WARD <t CO.. 608 and 610 Clay sU
W A NTED-SH IRT-IRONER, $35, COUNTRY;
»» oystrrman, $30: night cook, oyster-honse,
$30: elderly man to feed animals, $20, etc. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton St.; office open Sunday
from 10 to 12 a. m.
QA MEN CAN OBTAIN WORK TO-DAY AT
O\J MURRAY & READY'S, leading employ,
ment agents, 634 and 636 Clay St., phone 6848,
from $16 to $90 a mouth and found.
L O M A N" TO BOSS GANG MEN, LOAD
X cars and tally lumber, see boss here, 9 a. m.
Monday; spool-tender for sawmill, see boss here,
9 a. M.Monday; blacksmith for country shop, see
boos here, Monday, 9 A. M. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
Ofl FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
—v» hands, $15 and $20; 5 laborers fora ranch; 2
Milter-makers, »25; farmer for Lassen County,
$20; broom-maker; chore boy for ranch; charcoal,
burner, *1 60 day. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. _______!__
1 A f\f\f\ CORDS OF 4-FOOT REDWOOD TO
J-U.UUU cut; 5 shingle-bolt makers: 8 box-
bolt makers: blacksmith for a sawmill. $2 a day;
blacksmith for Honolulu. MURRAY <fc READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
OA TIEMAKERS; TOOLS FURNISHED BY
— V company. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. • . ■■■■-.
rr COOKS. $30, $40 AND $65; SLAVONIAN
I cook, $35: -i dishwashers, $20; 4 waiters, $25
and $30: cook and wife, country hotel. $50: bar-
tender, $25: marker fora laundry. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
T AUNDRYMAN HAND~\VASHI NO, COU
XJ try resort, $25. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny.
W ANTE D- A N INTELLIGENT AMERICAN.
" acquainted in city, as solicitor at $1 50 a day,
to accept situation mull he can secure something
to suit better. Addresi J. F. C, box : 148. Call
Office. ,: -,;..
C1 H A CE TO GO TO ALASKA — MEN
' wanted to go to Alaska, For particulars ap-
ply schooner Emma and Louisa, Folsom-street
wharf, pier 12.
IfARKKK- FIRST-CLASS MARKER WANT-
±ii cd. Golden Gate Laundry, Greenwich »nd
Steiner sts.
AR B E R-SHOP IN WESTERN ADDITION,
XJ with living-rooms; for rent, or will sell It cheap.
Inquire at STOLTZ'S, 630 Market st.
COOK; BET. 25 AND 30 YEARS OF AGE;
I small restaurant; : 830 month. 1309 Castro st.
UrANTED-GOOD COOK AND FEW MEN
. » ' for whalers and merchantmen. 225 Clay st.
R ESI'ONSIBLE MAN AS NIGHT CLERK.
xi> 904 Kearny st., upstairs; call bet. 10 and 12
Monday morning.
GOOD COOK FOR RESTAURANT: WAGES
i . $6 pcr J. v 521 Jackson st. -
COOK AND LUNCH WAITER WANTED.
\J Call early at 11 Second st.
OOTBLACK. WANTED AT 73« MARKET
XJ St., in alley.
MejTtcTgo north for . the summer.
Apply early, 228 East st. . : .
u 'ANTED-BRIGHT BOY in drugstore.
tt Address J., hox 109, this office.
BOYS FROM 15~TbT7~YEARS OF AGE
XJ wanted. Apply at 800 Butterst. v r
T> ARBER - PARTNER~WIfH $200: , ELE-
c. J nt: , y ntted-up shop; good location. STOLTZ,
630 Market st. ... . • /
1 00 MK N~TO EAT BEST 10-CENT MEAL IN
rr.V. 7 i < l w j?r, and Ket a first-class shave free. • NEW
IDi^A RESTAURANT, 639 Kearny st.
' . ■ ."■■■,'-
_^^HELP WANTED-Continued.
W antedllste a jj y^anjcTre li alble m an ,
" to assist in plain cash business: $75 per month;
permanent place; must have $160 cash. 777 Mar-
ket st., room 7.
ASTER WEEK— 2 FRESH EGGS, WITH
coffee, tea or milk, bread, butter, etc., sc. 635
Clay St., Big Yellow Front.
ANTED, FOR J. H. HEITMAN, THE
" tailor, Sacramento— 2 coat makers and 2 pants-
makers. Apply STEIN, SIMON <fc CO., corner
Market and Second sts., S. F.
ARBER OUTFIT; COMPLETE: 3 REVOLV-
-1 at chairs, including towels, etc.. Can be bought
extremely cheap at STOLTZ'S. 630 Market st.
FOREMAN FOR A WINE CELLAR AND
-T small vineyard. Apply to CHAS. T. NOUN-
NAN, 450 Main st.
INDUSTRIOUS LADY WANTS HONEST MAN
J. as partner in smoked meat, butter, eggs, fish and
delicatessen business, with capital of $125; corner
store; cash trade; first-class location; clears $50
month and board to each. Ad. P., box 103, Call.
\\T ANTED— STEADY MAN WITH $100, AS
»» partner in light business; good wages made.
STANLEY, 2U/2 Third st.
FOR SALE-BEST PAYING 3-CHAIR 15c
barber-shop; cigar-stand; laundry. Address
ASA BERDROW, San Jose.
WANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
»» cry st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
Gl OOD CANVASSER FOR MEDICAL PREPA-
VI ration; sells everywhere; big money for rust-
lers. Call Golden Gate Mfc Co.. Golden Gate. Cal.
JIVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY"
J-J profitable proposition; accident, health and life
Insurance. Call bet. 3 A 5 p. m., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association. 316 California, room 18.
T^EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.'
7" \^ and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; waek $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room-
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
pOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
rtiT^"o M^ at Golden ate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor. 1212 to 1218
! Market St.
EST MEAL OX EARTH; WELL COOKED- 8
XJ courses. 10c. at Seattle Restaurant. 137 Fourth.
f^OR SALE-BEST 3-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP
J- in city: cheap. Address A. B. ('., box 85, Call.
BEST IN CITY-SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
1 ucific House, Commercial and Leidesdorffi sts.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night,; $1 to $3 per week.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
" St.: 200 rooms; best In the city- slng.o rooms
20 and 26c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS, 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 686 Kearny st.
W ANTED- BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terras b.- calling this
week; catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1516 Howard st.
RING YOUR WATCH OR CLOCK TO DEUSS,
ex pert watchmaker. 126 Kearny at., room 14-
-beat work at half of store charges.
ALAS GOLD FIELDS. "
The fait sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15, weather permit-
ting, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Shipbroker and Agent, 606 Battery st.
1 00 ME ft To TAKE "lodging at ioc, iv-
XV.»U and 20c a n'ght, Including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
IIARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ii ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BA B S— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso.. 323 Grant aye. S.FUCHS.
Barbers' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. kmploy-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238V2 O'Farrell.
Best PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOXD-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st. - .- -- -
\Y B ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" your old shoes and make them as gooa .-13 new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait,
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
' 20c to 60c night; »1 10 $4 week: open all night-
A I EX TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■I nil grocers keep it.
£??*$ SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 Vi MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c; 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $3 wnek.
A [EN'S y 3 -SOLING~S6cTLADIE*' 40c; DONK
±11. while you wait. 638 Market, onp. Palace Hotel.
ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
Prompt collections; references. 612 Monta'y.
INCUESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
q»l TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
<]PX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
WANTED— COLLECT AGES DUE
" laborers and clerks. KXOX Collection Agency,
110 Suiter st.
''REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
J also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay St.
rpiiY ACME HUISK. Ho 7 XAItKCT ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
" week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dully papers. 36 Clay st.
AGENTS WANTED.
T^ATESTfiN^TE AThTiTsU 's'pENDE R S : E X-
XJ elusive territory; samples 50c. 1332 Sacra-
mento st.
EMPLOYMENT: EASY WORK LUCRATIVE;
lady or gent: $1 50 earns $1 50 dally. 206 Fifth.
riANVASSKRS, CITY AND COUNTRY; $2
V' day guaranteed. Room 41!, 14 McAllister st. ■
■FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED — SECOND-HAND FURNITURE
»" for country: will pay good price. 7 City Hall
aye.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
ALL OX J. C. MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
' you want highest cash price for your furniture
or merchandise of any kind. t>.f;
MALONE PAYS 20 PER C EXT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
~ BOARDERS WANTED.
W ANTED— TABLE BOARDERS; GENTLE^
»» men $3. ladies $2 SO. 240 Shotwell st.
MONEY WANTED.
JOAN $ 800; 7 PER CENT; GOOD CITY REAL
J estate security. 8., box 72. this office.
' WANTED-MISCEL.LANEOITS.
FXn telwiFy p'Ew^RrT icßT^fvsT~~BtrTN
" good condition. Address W., box 54, Call.
ANTED— SMALL OTIS GAS ENGINE. AD-
" dress, stating rice, Engine, box 160, Call.
\\r ANTED— BUGGY-HORSE FOR 1 OR 2
»" months or more, by responsible party, for its
care. Address 612 Montgomery st.
W 10,000 TO 20,000 GALLON WA-
" ter-tank: second hand. JACOB 11EYA1AN,
room 6, Crocker building. .
ELL YOUR 800 CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
CLAIRV OY ANTS.
nTmrTH^PoKTUxn^Y^
to consult the great clairvoyant,
iij PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
For 50c and $1. For 50c and $1.
Knowledge is Power.
Remain not in darkness and ignorance, but seek
the light of wisdom and learn what Hie future holds
for you. He is ever ready to assist the troubled
and unfortunate, and always meets with success.
All are pleased with his readings. PROFESSOR
F. EUGENE, 1728 Market at.
MME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future: ladles 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE MAHATMA
X palmist and clairvoyant medium, 315 Kills St.,
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings; ladies 50c, gents $1. ' V
ME. RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY,
tips on races, names given; • 25c up. 5 4th st.
ME. EXODIUS, CLAIRVOYANT, RK-
moved to 1003 Mission, nr. Sixth; fee 50c.
VOUB PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE TOLD
X at a glance; 25c. 230 Clara St., near Fifth.
"IJEMEMBER THE GREATEST SEE~RESS OF
XX the age. Parlor 6, 116 a Grant aye.
ME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 60c. 917 Market, 3 and 1.
Pvflc ANDSI. .- •■ ■-: 60c AND $1
O\J PROF. LEON, 533 POST ST. ■"•?
Wonderful power; gives advice on business, "
■peculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; warns-
you of coming dangers; business confidential ; let-
ters with stamp answered: 9to 8; also Sunday. .
ME.MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future ;25c up. 764 Howard st.
MIS. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 60c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. SYBILLE — LIFE-READER; PAST,
present, future; charms; fee 60c. 914 O'Farrell
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
diumland card-reader. 132 Turk St. . ' ' :• ,
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by I eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing ezcepted; names given; ; good • advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
T 997 MARKET TO-NIGHT— GRAND LlT-
erary entertainment; icecream, social, dance;
26c. -■■■ ■■-■■.;■■- .;.; ■■.■■■■ ■•■■ ■■■■■:■■■■-■. . .
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10c. MME. YOUNG j
605 McAllister St.; skeptics invited.
YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included): 26c up. 946 Mission ; hrs 10 to 9.
ItS .J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
.trance medium; sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
BUSINESS^ CHANCES^
<3i99^ JUAK AN » SECOND-HAND STORE";
w^^-O. good location: cheap rent: 2 horses, 'i
wagons. M. LESS CO., 7831,4, Market st."
% 1 500 RE S1 AIDANT AT TERMINUSOF
\ V,* a ca bie lines and largest carhoase in
city; established 10 years; has always made big
money; receipts $50 daily : proved >' satisfactory
1 t*i« a r". rt . 'i^f?, ll^ investigation allowed. M.
LhSS CO., 783V 2 Market st.
.^1 75 K A f HY ,' BUTTKR AND EGG STORE:
pi I U. busiest locality in city: cheap rent; true
bargain. M. LESS A CO.. 783' 2 Market st.
.^3OO KI «TAUKANT, S. OF MARKET 8*;
I* 1 """' excellent location; rent $20- living
ln - : o'-' ood lUtfn 8 : high receipts. M. LESS A
CO.. 7S3t-2 Market st.
&7nO CORNER. GROCERY AND BAR;
«ip low. best pnrt Western Addition; nice liv-
ing-rooms; reasonable rent; lease worth $1000*
proof, good reason for selling. M. LESS Co
783y 2 Market.
<2i 1 MOO ~E~I, EGA N T SALOON, NORTH
tiPXUVV. Market, vicinity of Baldwin: 6 private
rooms; bar well fitted up; good stock with best
class customers: worth double; proof. M. LESS
©9000 CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«IP-jVVV. best part Western Addition; fine fix-
tures, handsome bar; nearly full value in stock
alone; monthly receipts from $800 to $1000: best
class custom; must be seen to be appreciated. M
LESS A CO., 783V 2 Market st., near Fourth.
<Si O P./T7JJ ELEGANT ESTAURANT ON
<lp>)tj\J\J. Market st., near Chronicle building;
handsomely fined up; everything first class in
dining room and kitchen; doe (-a business which
cannot be excelled; dining-room taxed to utmost
during meal hours. M. LESS, 783Va Market st.
( ft9onn CORNER SALOON ON LARGE.
*IP— Vim, most frequented thoroughfare in the
city; first-class trade; will provo well paying;
value in sight; elegant fixtures and living-rooms
furnished: is an old-established place and will bear
full investigation. STERNBERG CO. , 632 Market.
<2* "I 'JAA RESTAURANT. WITH 13 FUR
'TO I - 1/, nlshed rooms; choice location: south
of Market; all rooms rented; large stock: fine
fixtures; crowded during meal hours: more than
value in sight: rood will alone worth $500: clear-
ing from $160 to »200 per month: full investiga-
tion; satisfactory reasons for selling. STENBERG
CO., 632 Market St.
V\T ANTED— RELIABLE MAN TO ATTEND
" cash counter; assist generally in coffee lunch-
house; small . capital required; safe Investment:
good wi if , guaranteed. STENBERG CO., 632
Market st.
<Jt"J £>hO GROCERIES; WESTERN ADDI-
tUjXUVy. tion; full value In stock; daily re-
ceipts $40 to $50; horse and delivery-wagon; best
bargain ever offered. STENBERG CO., 632 Market
T^OTTCE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
promptly for cash. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
$950 i' A HTX KB WANTED-Al CASH
«JP— *J\J. business, clearing to each $75 per
month; no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny
I?USGANTLY FITTED-UP LIQUOR SALOON
XJ vicinity Market and Geary : business of $20 per
day; make offer. HE A & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
ft'^H RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
I? ■ V,* loon: Dusln ess $25 per day: vicinity
Palace Hotel ; call to-day. HEALY. 23 Kearny st.
© lfWlO INDUSTRIOUS MAN IN ESTABI
t,D iwuu. lished cash business: paying $150
monthly: splendid Investment. JOHNSTON *
CO.. 26 Kearny st.
'->()() A *°' X RESTAURANT AND CHOP
VP*J\J\J . house; north of Market; good location-
low rent: will exchange for city property de-
parture cause of Belling. JOHNSTON A CO., 26V,
Kearny st. /a
(ft7flA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR-
*ID I \.l\J. very central; 2 living-rooms; present
owner 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
<B?9nO PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
•15— <Ki\J. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear $20 weekly to each. 26y 2 Kearny st.
<jtU^A BUTCHER-SHOP; OLD KSTAB-
WJUKJ. lished; 2 horses; wagons; receipts $20
to $25 dally; cheap rent; a sacrifice. JOHN-
STON, 261/2 Kearny st.
<£ 1 7 X RESTAURANT; GOOD SNUG
*<p J. %*J. place: low rent; receipts $16 a day; full
trial; see this soap. STANLEY, 2iy Third st.
Oi (\()CT «ALOON;. GOOD STOCK WINES,
<TUVV. liquors, etc.: receipts $15 a day; see this
bargain. STANLEY. 21i/ 2 Third st.
\ TTENTION 1 PAYING AND FINELY
Jr\. fitted Market-st. saloon; will oe sacrificed on
account of sickness: positive proof: must sell-
make offer. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Marketst.
KE ST A Y BA N f~FOR RENT: CHEAP; FlX-
tures and range, tables, etc., to start with. 900
Michigan, between Napa and Bntte sts., opposite
Union Iron Works. I'otrero.
MOST BE SOLD TO-DAY: MAKE AN OFFER:
billiard, pool, saloon parlors, at 129 O'Farrell
St.; first-cia«s chance for 2 steady men; no agents.
7; CORNER GROCERY ~ AND~b"aR;
tipyj 10. leading thoroughfare Western Addi-
tion; living-rooms; good bar trade; no agents
Address E. C, box 105. Call Office.
pOALYARD, HAY AND GRAIN. FOR SALE;
\J horses, wagons, everything In the best working
order; 20 stalls: sickness cause of selling; would
take partner. 1623 Market st.
TOR SALOON; 6 ROOMS; RENT $14;
JJ satisfactory reasons for selling. Inquire 4 Sher-
wood place, off Third st. .
T?OR SALE— HAIR BUSINESS: NEAR BALD-
-T win. Address H., box 105, Call Office.
E" LEG ANT $7000 HARDWARE, STOVE,
plumbing business for sale or trade. A. M.
JANES, 630 Market st
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF THIS PAPER FOR
X sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply Call Office.
TOCK OF 5- ACRE POULTRY RANCH,
O East Oakland, cheap. Hi Donohue building.
ALOON FOR SALE-CHEAP; CENTRALLY
located; well fitted up. Inquire of McLEOD
«fc HATJE. 515 Market st.
pREAT BARGAIN— WELL-PAYING DOWN-
VI town saloon for sale at low figure: rent cheap;
living rooms upstairs. Inquire LEMLE & CO.,
265 Third st.
IpOR SALE— THE MOST ELEGANT PLUMB-
-C ing shop and store. Inquire 12 John street:
see owner Sunday and Monday between 12 and 1
o'clock; owner going to New York; guarantee
will be given.
OOD BUSINESS MAN WOULD TAKE
charge of business or interest of partner wish-
ing to retire, on salary or commission, or would
buy same and pay from proceeds; good references.
X, 605 Diamond st,
ARGAIN— AN OL I> - ESTABLISHED PlC-
ture frame business is offered at a sacrafice, on
account of death of the proprietor. MRS. M. A.
BERG, 608 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
T\r ELL- ESTABLISHED WOOD, COAL, FEED
»» and livery stable; sickness. F., box 16. CalL
<<Ji97Pk FINE OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER
<T & •O. saloon; positive bargain. 429 Fourth.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI-
X ness quick see T. LUBELSKI,,7 City Hall aye.
T HAVE THE BEST PAYING GENERAL
X merchandise business in California; on account
of increasing business I desire to secure a live
energetic man to purchase half interest; experi-
ence not necessary; must have $1000; stock
worth $3000; all cash trade; receipts over $2000 a
month. Address box 255, Lodi. Cal.
GOOD-PAYING SALOON WITH KESTAU-
Vjr rant and lodnlne-house connected; in middle
of city; transfer corner: fine location and fixtures.
Inquire 20 Lafayette st., off Mission, bet. Eleventh
and Twelfth.
ESTAURANT AND SALOON; GOOD LOCA-
tion: a bargain. Call at premises, 3131 Mis-
sion st.
AGON-MAKER WANTED TO BUY BEST
business on earth in country town. Address
Buyer, box 157, Call Office. -
ONANZA BARGAINS; CALIFORNIA GOLD
I ' mines; all kinds and prices. CHARLES F.
BLACKBURN, International Hotel, city.
ADY WANTS PARTNER WITH $50 CA Pi".
tal; country business. la Mason St., room 2.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR. AP-
X ply 39Vfr Turk st. ,
IfOR OLD-ESTABLISHED BUTCHER-
-1 shop. Apply 1220 Polk st.
T OCKSMITH AND JOBBING BUSINESS FOR
XJ sale. Apply 1740 Marketst.
SHOESHOP:^CHEAP;"WITH OK WITHOUT
machine. 4061,-2 McAllister st.
EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON; GOOD
stand. Apply MRS.KLUETSCH, 431 Fifteenth.
GIVEN A WAY ; FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
VX business: account departure. t*46 Howard st.
SALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP-
ply Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
p OOD BOARDING-HOUSE AND HOTEL-
VT must be sold immediately: $200 cash neces-
sary, or will exchange for other property. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 6. :V7
Lb-ESTABITsHEI) COAL YARD FOR SALE
\J cheap. Apply saloon, 114 O'Farreil st.
<Cil fiO KE ,STAURA T; COMPLETE; MUST
<JPXOV. sell: owner going Eust. 606 Fourth st.
FOR BALE-CABINET-MAKER'S~^ENck'
tools: scroll saw; hunter's outfit. 1400 Van Ness
BRANCH BAKERY: GOOD LOCATION'"
leaving city. Address N. O. P., box 62, Call. '
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEG RAPH-
Hill district, covers 18 blocks! can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very eockL
Apply this office, principals only. Rooo.
$9r>o A BARGAIN-OYSTER AND CHOP
<P-jUV. house; worth $600: owner going t*
Alaska next month. Apply this office. .
pOFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE FOR SALE-
«f'ni«n < !fr k i! 1 i Orth A Of a r ket st>: cauBe ' dissolution
of_partnership. Apply Call Office.
G^gin^ie^, CORNER SALOON AND
the reason for selling. Apply this death in family
the reason for selling. Apply this office.
$500 DOWNTOWN SALOON: DAY
faVhV^toggg_^_ ' no ft « *- 208
% *3 50 V } - NE FRUITSTORE: ROOMS; FUR-
1004M"rke D t^. re : WagOD: bargatD - HEGARTY,
10 " SALE-GROCERY AND BAR; HORSE
x and wagon: long lease. Apply at California
Brewery, Douglas and Diamond sts. -
or SALE-CHEAP: SALOON and 10 NICE-
-i- ly furnished rooms. 624 Sacramento. ■
,\\ ARGAIN; FIRST-CLASS SALOON: GOOD
J-> business; account departure. Call 209 Ellis.
BRANCH BAKERY: FINE TRADE AND LO-
; JJ cation. Apply Call Office. - : . : ;
BUSINESS CHANCES-rontlnufil.
FOR RENT OR SALK-A BLACKSMITH ANI>
X 1 general Jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house. barn. win. 1
mill. etc.. standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
run for over thirty years: place located In center of
the healthiest town in California; terms •'■»>'•
further particulars Inquire of ALEXAr* ur.n
WATSON, Gilroy. Cal.
ffl. .AAA OLD ESTABLISHED RETAIL
tpfUUU. business Market St., doing business
$11,000 a year; more than price In stock; good rea-
son lor selling. A. H., box 46. > a.l Office. ■
LODGiyG-HOPSKS FOB SALE. _
A. aT SPECK & CO., MARKET STREET.
. Wi MARKET STREET.
15 rooms; bargain: for this week only: *575. •
20 rooms: genuine bargain: rent $65; 9450.
37 rooms; corner: rent $75: $1100.
117 rooms; just think of it; rent $100; prlc«
$1200. __
"STTT-rrk CORNER HOUSE; NEW FURNI-
«I?.Ot-)l/. ture; part easy payments. DECKER,
1020 .Market st. ■ _-
4. 1 -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE.-- '•
c \. PRICE $700— WORTH $2000.
19-room house on Suiter St.; payments $1100
12- room house on Mason st 275
65 rooms, clearing 8200. only 2000
60 rooms on Market St., new .' 420U
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market wt., opposite Fifth.
rrrr\ 14 ROOMS; ALL OUTSIDE AND
IDV. fronting on O'Farrell St.; elegantly
furnished. CHARLES COLTON. 906 Market su
ARGAIN— LODGING-HOUSE OF 17 ROOMS;
cheap rent: new furniture. Apply to L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. ;
»7RA MILK BOUTS AND DAIRY PKO-
-0 I O\J. duce store: using over 100 gallons of
milk dally. Apply at this office.
90 ROOMS, NICELY FURNISHED; CLEARS
— ♦■) $100 per month; cause sickness. Room 4, ,
116 a Grant aye.
99 ROOM HOUSE: BEST tiIDE STREET
£*-* south of Market: full steady roomers: sam«
people in the house lor years; clears about $75
over rent; water free. ! Address C. J. N., box 140,
Call Office.
1 A ROOMS; ALL FURNISHED; RENT $30;
XV good locality; rare chance for small invest-
ment; price $250. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
QXO MISSION— IS WELL FURNISHED. OC-
OUO cupled rooms and number of boarders;
reasonable.
ELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 57-ROOM LoD<>
ing-house: good location. 613 Mission st.
<££An CASH, BALANCE EASY; 30-ROOsl
iJpUUI/ corner: bargain. HKGARTY. 1004 Mkt.
OOMING-HOUSE: 14 ROOMS: ALL OCCU-
Xt pied; reasonable; cheap rent. 719 Howard.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW, NEWLY FURNISH-
-0 ed bouse of 10 rooms and bath ; selling account
of 111-health. 202 v 2 Turk st.
rUKNITPKE FOR SALE.
TuTRNTH?RTEn)F" V 2~T£ol)MirF^^
-T bargain. 1205y 2 Bush st.
I FURNITURE OF 4 ROOMS AND HOUSE-
-T hold goods. 729% Minna st.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED*'
• ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step: furniture exchged. 779 Mission.
IP RE SALE !
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $1* 50
Bed lounges SOU
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 65
Linoleum, per yard..; 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
Al\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
TtV/l/ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
Bedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades In scolors 25c up
SHIREK «fc SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
CARPET CLEANING.
TirHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car*
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama sU; tel. 50. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
p REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET clean-
VX Ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
TON CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 85 and 27 Bth.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ ing works; latest improved machinery ; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.offlce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; KE-
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. STBATTON. IB Eighth.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
CIARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
KJ like new. FERGUSON. A CO., 23 Tenth- t-L
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors."
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
» 14th St.; cleaning, 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovntlng works. 453 Stevenson: tut, south 228.
HORSES.
HORSE MARKET, 426 VALENCIA ST.;
just received from E. W. Jones, Sheriff of
Colusa County, 25 head of good work and driving
horses, weighing up to 1500 pounds; to be sold
cheap. J. D. FORRESTER, salesman.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
*jV buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth si. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
V/"l( I SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
XV kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
TT>OR SALE — 16 HEAD YOUNG, SOUND
-T horses; weight 1000 to 1600 pounds. Haclc
and Sale Stables, 1012 Howard St., near Sixth.
BART SULLIVAN, Proprietor.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
cnange horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale)
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C.R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.
1 C f\ SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
±O\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
Keon for S. F. Police Department. Office an(t
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.; telephone south 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
T\r AGON FOR SALIs CHEAP. 3 ~BOARJ>
'» man place, bet. Sixth and Seventh sts.
"VTEW LIGHT EXPRESS WAGON, TOP. POLE|
-*■* made to order. 107 New Montgomery.
FOB SALE— BIISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE CHEAP-COUNTER, SHELVING
and partitions: store to let with llvine-roomsl
has been dressmaking parlors and notion store.
Apply at once 205 Ninth st.
mo LOVERS OF THE ANTIQUE— OLD
X and elegant fernleaf mahogany sideboard: very
rich and choice. Apply 913 Polk, near Geary.
THOROUGHBRED FRESH JERSEY COW;
X third calf; rich milk. 143 Bartlett st.;
AINT AND PAPEn-HANGING SHOP Es-
tablished for 20 years. Call 1219 Market St.
■j^or SALE CHEAP-COUNTER, SHELVES
i and partitions; store to let, with living-rooms;
has been used as dressmaking parlors and notion
store. Apply at once 205 Ninth st.
Lot COUNTERS. SHELVING, show-
cases: very cheap. 2607 Folsom it.
For sXle-i 18 H. P. PORTABLE engine:
X 1 10 H. P. economizing boiler. Inquire 191«
Union st.
T ADY'B NEW SEALSKIN FOR HALFORIGT-
XJ nal cost at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
SEVERAL SECOND-HAND TANDEMS AND
safeties at extremely low prices. 328 McAllis-
ter st.
"VTEW '95 BICYCLES, $60: GOOD SECOND-
-L> hand bicycles, $40. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker
Bt.. cor. Hayes. .
TyEW LAUNCH, 32 FEET LONG. 8 HORSE-
Xi power, will be sold at half its cost price. Ap-
ply at Harbor View Park.
TVVNAMO ENGINE, BOILER AND A LOT O»
X/tools, cheap. 616 Mission.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNU
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
TERM NO bicycle" BUILT LIKE a
k5 watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 Mkt.
1) AR OUTFIT. MIRRORS, CASH REGISTERS."
X> scales, etc. : cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
se PRUSSIAN BITTERS, best stomach
bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city. Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN <fc SCHURMANN
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391!
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES*
doors, mantels, etc for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
I/i IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER^
JL press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay
IV K W RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND^"
H hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 13 California st.
pUNTERS, SHELVING, ; SHOWCASES
\J bon«ht and .old 11211* Market beu 7thandtk»
BUILDING AND I.OAN ASSOCIATION
CONTINENTAL BUILDING^ANVLOAis^AqI
\J sociation-Home office 222 SansonTe it \ F
General savings* loan business. Ed. E.HIU pS.
Oliver Eldrldge. V-Pr. : W. Corbln, Sec. dToS!
SEWING MACHINES. '
A rented, repaired; lowest rate*. 205 ,ourt^HOUSES TO LET.
OUNNY RESIDENCE; SOUTHEAST CORN
O Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and br.th; flue
view; lent reasonable. Apply 9-9 Broadway.
OUSE TO LET— 3 ROSE AYE.. OFF MAR-
ket, 5 rooms.
HOUBEJS ROOMS, 242 HARRIET ST., BELOW
Harrison, nr. Sixth.
' A PPRECIATED IF SEEN— B29% SUTTEB,
_\. near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
Q'l,l HOUSE 6 ROOMS. CLA P.A NEAR
0 L"i. Fifth and Celler. 325 Fifth.
"<j_9i, HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS: IOR 2 fakil-
<P«lV'. lea: 630 Webster st. Apply 513 Oak st-
OUSE OF 7 ROOMS, WITH ALL MODERN
improvements. 733 Turk street.
TIT RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
i' treat people right. BALDWIN <fe HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery si.
AY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; 210
Perry si., just off Fourth; rent $12 50, water
• tree. Apply to UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
QOA MODERN HOUSE AT 2529 PINE,
• _ >>''. corner Scott; go and see It.
OUSE 10 ROOMS AND BARN: VERY
chenp. Apply NICOL. 53-fA California -'■■
COTTAGES TO LET.
1 .)1 EUBEKA— 4 BUNNY ROOKS; HALL,;
J_. I basement; nice yard: rent $11; Castro
cable or Eighteenth-st. electric-car.
(_Q'A COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS; PROSPKCT
r?OO\J. aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-
• iKhth ''!»■, near Mission.
ruityisHEp HOUSES.
lIANT .-I BNISHEO HOUSE; 7 ROOMS
j and bath: Webster St., bet. Geary and Post.
Inqiii:i- 1103 M*ark<-: st.
IUKXISUED FLATS.
IE on OEAJIY - BKAJX SUNNY FLATJ
1 O— -- nicely furnished: ?25.
QUNNYII ANDSOMELY FU KNISHED FLOOR
0 of 4 rooms, bath, etc.: suitable for family or
phv»i<*iaii; reasonable. 913 Polk St.. near Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
VI \v. KI.Ki, AM . ri'l'Ll; NNY MODERN
--' flat; 6 rooms and bath. 933 Golden Gate aye.
A LOVE FLAT; SEVEN ROOMS AND
_'V batb. 2517 Gough St., near Vallejo.
< 1 7 7 ROOMS AND BATH; SW. CORNER
Qll . Scott and Ellis sts. : upper flat.
QT 9AN D $ 1 8- D i\V£R FLATS:
01-4 and 5 rooms each: large yard. 1017
Union St.. bet. Jones and l.eavenwortb. .
SUNNY FLAT; & ROOMS; BATH; RENT
$22 50. 1216 Scott St., near Eddy.
IrPPEB FLAT: 5 LARGE SUNiNY ROOMS.
133 Lily aye.; key 1 86 Page st.
SUNNY FLATS; 812 ELLIS ST., NR. POLK;
3 rooms; yard; basement; $20.
CjlQ 3 KOUMSTy'aRD. 409 THIRTEENTH,
-I O. above Valencia.
<1 1 SUNNY LOWER FLAT; 3 ROOMS;
'11. garden; cellar. 1008 Natoma St., near
Eleventh. _______
On LOWER SUNNY" FLAT (REAR): CEL-
•_ *'• lar; yard. 1008 Natoma St., near Eleventh.
ODERN SUNNY LOWER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page St., cor. Clayton, Golden Gate Park.
MODERN FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
reasonable. 1719 Haight st.
' L AT— S BOOKS AND BATH; WITH OB
J? without stable. 3230 Eighteenth st.
<]_1 Q SUNNY 5- ROOM FLAT. 11 WEBSTER
QlO. st.. near Waller.
Ip'LAT OF 3 ROOMS. 256 HARRIET ST., BE-
' low Harrison, near Sixth.
ITPPBB FLAT; 4 SUNNY BOOKS; RENT
J 10 to a small family. 311 Harriet St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Bryant.
IpLAT; 5 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH: CHEAP;
good location. 1309 Pacific st.
QUNNY CORNER FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH;
0 basement; latest Improvements. 1541 Eddy.
"\f ODERN BAY-WINDOW CORNER FLAT, 6
i>l rooms; bath. Mission and Thirteenth.
8 HOWARD COURT, NR. FOURTH— UPPER
floor, 5 rooms: rent $14; water free.
Tir E RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
>> treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 MontKOmery st.
\TE\V FLAT Of 7 ROOMS. 654 CHURCH
_N St., cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth.
1 1 fIQ HYDE, AT RAILROAD CROSSING OF
1 lv'O California and Hyde— 3-room flat: water
free; occupied former tenant 8 years; cozy house
for man and wife; rent $12.
UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: Sl3 and $16. 170Q Post.
rr.O LET-FLAT 5 SUNNY" ROOMS. 133 LILY
lave.: key 136 Page st.
J^INE FLAT, 7 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
' modern improvements: rent $35. 625 Golden
Gate aye., between Van Ness End Franklin. . . -..u.:
Am 4 NICE BOOKS: SUNNY SIDE. 628
OX—. Greenwich St., near Stockton.
QUNNJ- FLAT; 7 ROOMS: BATH: LATEST
0 improvements: cheap. Cor. Oak and Scott.
. "1 OAT REISER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
XOVJ I flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
Q1 {' 1717 HYDE; LOWER BAY-WINDOW
0 XU. flat, 5 rooms and bath; water free.
' QJ'l -: LOVELY FLAT: 5 SUNNY ROOMS
OX <J. and bath: newly papered and painted. 814
Nineteenth St.. bet. Noe and Sanchez.
WEBSTER 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
' » 7 rooms; rent $25. $27 50.
£•19 for" the BEST 5- room new flat
'- I — with bath in this city; water free; inveati-
pate the place and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; ELEGANT
T flat: 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
SUNNY' FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
XX was $20. now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY. 508 California st.
]\A O HAVES, COB. BUCHANAN— 2 flats
\J~I— of S and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
; A WEEKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-■ V A EEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— U 1 1 N 1 s H E D F L A T < > fTsLEEp"-
init rooms and kitchen : must be close in. Ad-
flr-s- C. H.. box 147. « all Office.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Broderlck Street. -~v~
ion BRODERICK— 3 ROOMS ANDBaTH;
J OH liitable for light housework; nochildien.
Bryant Avenue.
1 1 HI ANT— SIX CORNER-ROOMS COM-
11U1 pletely furnished for housekeeping.
Bush Street.
797 BUSH — PLEASANT FURNISHED
I _. 4 rooms; suite, single: light housekeeping;
reasonable.
Eddy Street.
"I C EDDY-3 SUITES; NICELY' FURNISHED
±O for housekeeping; «12. $14 and $16 per mo.
Ellis street.
79A ELLIS — UNFURNISHED BUNNY
I •— " front and back rooms.
Eighth Street.
rr.WO SUNNY ROOMS IN REAR OF 221
X Eighth St.; rent $5.
Fifth" Street.
991 FIFTH— NICE FURNISHED HOUSE-
— — I keeping and single rooms; cheap.
I illnioro Street.
fflJlA 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
m I V. keeping rooms. 2208% Finmore st., near
Clay.
FoUora street.
O£O FOLSOM-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
UUO bedroom and kitchen: yard; complete
• housekeeping.
■ . ■ 'oliier. Gate Avenue.
"I n^vQ GOLDEN GATE 2*SUNNY UN-
• i-\JVO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET -FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
•*-</ housekeeping.
Harrison Street.
4] 7 HARRISON - ~2 NICE FURNISHED
x I front rooms for housekeeping: rent $10.
760 HARRISON-FRONT AND BACKfPAIf-
-1 00 lors for housekeeping.
intivarii Street.
r ri 1 HOWARD-2 unfurnished ROOMS
chla * for housekeeping; first floor; upstairs;
cheap. *
74 Q HOWARD-2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
family nlC€ y fnrnlsQed for housekeeping; private
1 149 HOWARD- TWO FRONT SUNNY
rent ftt b *>'- wln<low housekeeping rooms; range;
rent «f» 1 _s au, tpHrfjjjpl
Hyde Street. —
«9] HYDE-3 ELEGANT COMPLETELY
\tu\- furnished housekeeping apartments: sun-
" ny; cheap.
• >■■»■.!<• Street.
JESSIE, NEAR FIFTH-SUNNY HOUSE-
,iIUo keeping rooms: no children.
JB«aiK-» COMPLETELY FUR.
- fJV/Q3 nished housekeeping rooms.
jkijiina street. .
r\Af{ MINNA — FURNISHED " ROOMS FOR
. iJ*T\J housekeeping; large yard.
57C M -SUNNY FRONT ROOMS COM-
O I O plete for housekeeping. •.
( Market Street.
9<lQ9 MARKET ST.— furnished ROOM.
' _.l»t7_ i with full housekeeping privileges and use
of household utensils; $10 month.'
HOUSEKEEPING ROO3IS - Continued.
McAllister Street. ' '
m MCALLISTER — FLAT 5; 3 NICELY
'- furnished rooms for Unlit housekeeping;
gas, bath, hot and cold water: French range, etc.
mission -.tree:.
QO] MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
O— l rooms; single and suites: $5 up. ■:
QJ X MISSION—- LARGE SUNNY" HOUSE-
tJ~IO keeping rooms: furnished complete.
1 AfsA MISSION -FRONT PARLOR, WITH
I VtOO or without kitchen; other housekeeping
rooms. •• j
191 Q MISSION i.— FURNISHED house-
X— «it/ keeping rooms complete: no children.
It ' 1-3 MISSION— I OK 2 NICELY FUR-
L t)IU4 nished rms; private family; reasonable.
Moss Street.
SMOSS-4 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
O Apply 1065 Howard st. _____
Ninth Street.
On NINTH. NEAR MARKET— FURNISHED
— " housekeeping room?; stove; gas; water.
O] NINTH— FURNISHED ROOMS, SINGLE
-«-i- and suites, for light housekeeping.
TOr NINTH— 4 NICELY F URNISHED
lOi) rooms for housekeeping; rent $20. v -,
' Te!l_l_» Street.
7 17 TEHAMA. BEtTeIGHTH AND NINTH-
-4 1. I Two rooms for housekeeping; rent $10.
Tenth Street. .
JOT TENTH - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
id rooms; $10. -
Third Street.
' 1 Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK — FUR-
OI.V nishea housekeeping rooms.
Van Ness Avenue.
A (\O "VAN NESS TvK. — 2 FURNISHED
_U_i rooms for housekeeping; 1 front sunny;
cheap. _^
IAOI VAN NESS AYE., COH. GEARY— A
lU_l sunny furnished room : all modern; $10.
Miscellaneous. ■_■[.:
SW. COR. HAVES AND LACUNA— SUNNY
t" 1 bay-window rooms, suitable ior doctor.
KOOMS TO LET. \
Alabama Street.
-I OO ALABAMA, BET. TWENTY-THIRD
__. and Twenty-fourth— 4 nice Rosy rooms;
sunny side of street: large yard; Cheap rent.
*.]£hth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
_ St., near Market; furnished ami unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMON" A, 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
bouse, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and tire escapes: situate convenient to , the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct 10 ferry and park pass the
door. .
tioldeu Uate Avenue.
QOA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PLEASANT SUN-
*JO\J ny room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private fam-
ily; $10.
A(\ A GOLDEN GATE AYE. — FURNISHED
ttvtt rooms: single or suite; light housekpg: $12.
/*O] GOLDEN GATE AYE. — NICELY FUR.
UOI nished rooms; $7 up; large yard.
Grant Avenue.
11(1a GRANT AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
KID front and back rooms, single and en
suite; . all modern improvements, stationary
stands, grates, tiling, etc Prices, single rooms $1
a week, double rooms $1 50, front suites $2 a week.
Harrison Street.
A 1 Q HARRISON (RINCON HILL)-LARGE
\ti-O gunny room; bath. . '•
099 HARRISON — FOUR UNFURNISHED
O^6_j sunny rooms; large yard; private family;
separate entrance.
Howard Street.
HOWARD, COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
I.v/tr nished front rooms; also hiusekeepiug;
transient.
QQQ HOWARD (THE ORLANDO)— NICELY"
•*O»7 furnished rooms, single and suites, from
$1 50 to $3 50 per week; open all night: transient.
J ones street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—\J I management; elegant Eunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.: $10 to 330.
~-\ Q JONES-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
i)1O prices reasonable.
hearuy Street.
1 f\A KEARNY' — UNFURNISHED FRONT
lvi suite. $15: single. $5.
A KLIN GTON HOUSE, 127KKARNY-PLEA3-
xV. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clau
ill every respeei: rei-ms reasonable
Lark in Street.
JT "I LAR X I N — SUNNY FURNISHED
tJI.\J rooms; single, $6; other rooms, reasonable.
191 9 A LAR XIN — nicely FURNISHED
1--X_j front suite; also single room.
Lewis Street.
<2»19 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS; WATER
«ni-_ .. free. 18 Lewis St., off Taylor, near Post.
marker -tree..
IT'LEGANT OFFICES AND FURNISHED
J-J rooms at 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
■yoSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night, 35c to $1 ; week, $1 SO to So: families
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY. NR. TAY*-
lor Sunny rooms; $5 and $8.
311nna -tree.
07 MINNA-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
0 I room: suitable for 2 gents; single rooms cheap.
£('7 MINNA. COR. BTH— NEWLY' FURNISH-
UUI ed bay-window rooms; $1 week; transient.
Mission street.
C C A MISSION— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c NIGHT,
OO\J $1 week; double room 25c night. .
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Ninth Street.
9^ NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— • ' single and suites. • .
IOK NINTH — FURNISHED ROOM SUIT-
J-O»J able" ior 2 men. : ; "-;-
Ninetocnth Street.
001 nine:tefnth, BET. Valencia AND
00 J- Mission— 2 nicely furnished rooms; refer-
ences. ,
Octavia Street.
109 OCTAVIA. COR. WEBSTER-CLEAN,
-I "— < sunny front room.
O'iai'rell Street.
m A O'FARRELL ST.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
nished rooms to let; $2 per week and up-
ward; transient. • ■
T7o~I~O'FAR.RE_L-.N ICF.IY~FU_TnISH_D
X^iOX front room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen ;
reasonable. - ■
Ferry Street.
T_I£»PERRY-2 FURNISHED, SUNNY
X— :\J rooms; terms reasonable.
Folk street.
Q-J Q POLK -ELEGANTLY FURNISHED AL-
UXO cove sunny front room; bay-window; new
carpets, furniture ; suitable for 2 young men or
cripple; also handsomely furnished single rooms-
gas, batb.
1 91 A 1 POLK-LARGE FURNISHED ROOM,
X— i JLIa suitable for man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
Second Street.
CO SECOND-FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS
O_J for housekeeping; single and double; cheap.
sixth Street.
C9Q sixth— four NICE UNFURNISHED
O_irt7 rooms, lower floor; cellar: water; $11.
Nutter Street. • .;•
THE ALEXANDRIA, 781 RUTTER— ELE-
gant rooms; first-class dining-room: elevator.
liura M .■««..
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD. NEAR
»' Market; most convenient, and respectable; 200
rooms *_6c to $1 BO per night ; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading I'm : tree bus.
. Valenrix Street
104^ 1 VAI^ENCIA— NEWLY' FURNISHED
xv/tttJ 3 sunny rooms; very reasonable.
Miscellaneous.
/CORNER BAY-WINDOW SUNNY SUITES,
VJsultable for doctors or dentists. Grand Southern,
SE. tor. ,:h and Mission: elevator: moderate rates
_ HOTEL TO LET..
HOTEL I°, LET3?n^~vV?iaLET,M~~TELL
House, 317-319 Bush st. this well-known
hotel is thoroughly renovated and considerably
Improved and may compare with the best second-
cln^s hotel in this town. MADISON& BURKE.
oyticEs to let.
pALIKORNIA^A?E^D^p7)a7T~*InrnLD7x(n2
\J Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
V^o^^Tv^iTg^l^- Apt)ly atroom
EASTERBROOK •'.. BUILDING, 20 AND "4
Geary 4 st. : very central; modern offices ; efe-
vat " r electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32. zi
...:■■' STABLES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE; 241* CALI-
XJ torn la st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
icle building. '■
• -■■ - ■ ■■■ - . ' - • ~ . ' ■ ■.- . i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
BOARDING ANDEOOMS V
"1 9f)^ BUSH-NEWLY FUr'nISHEDSIJ'nn'y
■ i -' v ' u room for 2, witn or without bonrd.
Q'-J^l'OST, NR.IIYDE— NICELY FURNISHD
jo large front room; board optional; reasonable
ft«>l BUSH-SUNNY FRONT SUITES WITH
\J_.X fine board, for two $50; single, $20.
9QQ HYDE-LARGEiSUNNY FRONT ROOM;
— .1_ 1 1 ' grounds; extra table.
11 OQ BUSH — SUNNY ROOMS, NICELY
X x.\J U furnished ; first-class table ; references.
70S O>p ARUELL — PLKASANT HOME ;
it vu nrst-class table; sunny suite or single. : P.
mPOST — BESTTTABLE BOARD, *18 A
 month ; sunny single room with board, 620-
-all the comforts of : home.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; RUNNING
O water; private; table board. 792 Haight st. .
TVTicely furnished ROOMS; unsur-
■A-* passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
1 per day; $_, $j so, $:i per week and up; $8 to
»SU mo. Hackmeier's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
"OEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY ; $4 50
■*-* week. Si 6 a month, at Hackmeier's HoteL
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 128-129 EDDY ST •
x f new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
■Lf OTKL BERTLING, 714 iiUSH-A FAMILY
•*-»- hotel : references given and required; all mod-
<rn 1 unvenlcnces.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED-2 OR 3 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
' ' good clean homo and eood care; terms reason-
able : a" ono family prefered. 1431 Sanchez St.,
near Twenty-ninth. Mission-st. car.
fVpt OR MORE CHILDREN TO BOARD;
v^ mother's care ; reasonable. 1 34 Collins st.
STORES TO LET. ~ '
niGAR-STOKK, LAUNDRY OFFICE AND 3
\J furnished rooms. 417 Hayes st.
TO RESTAURANT KNOWN AS CEN- i
tral Park ; Restaurant, 1191 Market St.; rent
$70. D. R. McXEILL. 1 :■
pORNER STORE, 421 THIRD ST.; LARGE
v^ cellar; well suited for saloon or grocery- store.
9"] A SECOND STORE AND ROOMS
-•xy- fitted up for restaurant; fixtures for sale.
t>. H., UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
"OAKERY WITH FINE OVEN; 19 EVERETT
JJ St., near Third; cheap. ASHTON _ GARDI-
I Nh.lt, 411 Montgomery st.
THIRST- CLASS SADDLE AND HA ESS
-»- horse for sale; sound; gentle; 7 years old. An
ply stable, 2412 Gough at.
4Ar KEARNY— NEWLY PAPERED AND
ii.\JV painted corner suite, suitable for office, i ■
1 ()(& KISSION — FINE STORE AND C_L-
-i-vUtl lar; 104 feet long; opp. new Postoffice.
41 (\ FOURTH— SMALL STORE, WITH BOOK
,rzy in rear: rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
M.N & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
EDUCATIONAL.
A.| RS. MELVILLE SNYDER; S^U^lO^lTsUT^
-^»x ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution:
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
eau classes; stage dancing; minuet, gavotte, etc.
&ENCH. GEItMAN. SPANISH— EVENING
X' classes; $2 month. School, Flood building.
I PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
] and Parisian. 3 lessons w.; $3m. Maze bid; r.37.
BOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PR A OTIC ALLY,
better than in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mk!.
ACADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDV;
-fx private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
"ITIRENCH.SPANISH.ETC.; Prof.DX FILIPPE'S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post st :eatab'd 1871
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st. ;
QP.-vNISII. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
XT 6 ICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary at. . .
J A Y'RES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
I --». lege; individual instruction; 4 months' course;
; cay and evening 325 Montgomery st.
I "PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OP
1 X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
L>ANJO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 500 PER LEd-
i-» son; musio furnished. 125 Tenth st.
SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 2, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
HOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME--
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
HEALD'S BUSINESS college, 24 post ST."
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
! typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
1 languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
j ' V IGHTSCHOOL-.UEALDS BIS. COLLEGER*
I -i-* Post; commercial, shorthand. English : low reel
"\TIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; KKA-
T sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045% Valencia.
f ' H EMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-'
\J ham's Snhoni. ror. Gparv and I'owoll H m.
________
Ci ITY^Aiwß^OOuiST^r^B-AiuilY! 5Xn
1 Francisco,- March 21, 1896.— 1n compliance
■with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Board 01 Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public aution by E. S.
Spear _ Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
street, on MONDAY', April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. M., sundry articles of stolen, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force :of San
: Francisco, as detailed in an inventory thereof on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, aud consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn-
ing of sale. A. C. WIDBER,
- City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
X of California in and for the City and County of
j San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for voluntary
I dissolution of "The San. Y'sidro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation.). Notice of ! hearing. No.
13,948.
Notice is hereby given that The San Ysldro In-
vestment Company, a corporation formed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the State of California In
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
I room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896.
[SeaLJ C. F. CURRY% County Clerk.
By Will. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court. ■ ■ r; -
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. , ■
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the applicat'on for voluntary
dissolution of "The Dinsmore Water Company"
(a corporation).' Notice of hearing. No. 13,949. j
Notice is hereby given that The Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for the
City and County of San Francisco an application
praying to De dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
A. M. of that day. or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be beard, and the courtroom of Department No
10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, in the new City Hall,
San Francisco, Cal., are appointed ag the time
and place at which said apnlication will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896.
' [Seal.J C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. H. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
• of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL; Attorney for Peti-
tioners. ' - ■'■'.. v
' SHERIFF SALES. ~ ~
S"~H^RIFp^ATE^NmXHTL^C^YTIpTATN^
tiff, vs. JOHN O'BYRNE as executor of the
last will of ELLEN MURPHY, deceased, and
JOHN O'BYRNE, defendants. No. 62,225. Supe-
rior Court, Department 4. Order of sale and de-
cree of foreclosure. - - - : -
■ Under and by virtue of an order of sale and de-
cree of foreclosure, issued out of the Superior
Court, Department 4. of the- City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on the 7tli day
of March, A. D. 1896, In the above entitled action,
wherein NELLIE LUCKY, the above named
plaintiff, obtained a judgment and decree of fore-
closure against JOHN O'BYRNE as executor of
the last will of Ellen Murphy, deceased, and JOHN
O'BYRNE; defendants, on the 3d day of March,
A. D. 1896, which said judgment and d cree was
on the 4th day of March, A. D. 1898.' recorded in
judgment book 29 of said court, at page 322, 1 am
commanded to sell all that certain lot, piece or ■
parcel of land, situate, lying and being In the City
and County or : San Francisco, State of California,
and bounded ana described as follows:! Commenc- I
ing at a point on the easterly line of Michigan;
street, distant thereon one hundred and seventy-
five (175) feet norther! v : from the northerly
line of Sierra street: . thence . runuing northerly
along the easterly line of Michigan street twenty-
five (25) feet; thence at right angles easterly one
hundred (100) feet: thence at right angles south-
erly twenty-five (25) feet.; and thence at right
angles westerly one hundred (100) feet, to; the
point of commencement, using a portion of block
number four hundred | anil forty-live (445) of the
Potrero Nuevo, together with all and singular the
tenements, hereditaments ; and .appurtenances
thereunto belonging or in any wise appertaining. » •
■ Public notice is hereby Riven that on TUESDAY,
the 7th day of April, A. D. 1896, at 12 O'clock
noon of that " day, in front of ; the ' ne"w City Hall.
Lnrkin-strcet wing, in the City and County of San
Francisco, I will, in obedience to said order of sale
and decree of foreclosure, sell the above described
property or so much thereof . as may be necessary
to raise sufficient money to satisfy said judgment,
with interest and costs, etc., to the highest and
best bidder for gold coin of the United States.
RICHARD I. VVHELAN, Sheriff. -
San Francisco, March 16, 1896.
M. COONEY, Pnelan building, San . Francisco,
attorney for plaintiff. ■ ■ . ■- ■ ,
■O^j-^' -'-;'.■'.■•'■ BICYCLES. ■■: \ ■
ARK CYCLERY I "— NeIv^HEELS^TO ; ri !
best ; accommodations. Terminus Geary," Mc- '
A ll Is tor and Powell at. car lines. ■' - ■ ■ ■--; j
- --? - PHYSICIANS. -'-•'■ ■ --•'■•'-'■ ■' i
. tJkmovtS d— dr^cT c: <?donn ell ,': to i'ioi I
IV Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. j
; : ";/Y- PERSONALS. ■..' ■; : ;-;; ./
T^RE^sTH£E^H^IR^^o7T^ScTTncLUI)ING
X waving and enameling the face; 1 follow all the
latest Parisian fashions and fads; and I guarantee
the most stylish coiffures that can bo made. G.
LKDKKEK, 111 Stockton st. .. ; .
ET MY ESTIMATE before YOU LET
vJT that carpenter work, ABERTSON, 41Va
Eddy st., basement. ■ '
DEAFNESS) -AND- earache CURED;
Cooper's Ear Medicine. Sold at 953 Market st.
Cl) GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.UAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
'■A DVIGKFP.EE;- DIVOKCK • LAWS A SPK-
Jt\~ cialty, private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-)aw, 850 Market st
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Parti ngton. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
IP REE— 20-PAGE BOOK. "SIGHT, PERFECT
' and Defective." postpaid. L. KUTTNER A CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market, Hotel St. Nicholas, S. F.
HE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 5c. ; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
ANNULMENT OF MARRIAGE. AND DI-
■A. vorce; legal everywhere. P. O. box 2263. S. F.
ENAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
at 210 Steiner st.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company.
t CJJ 1 ' A BOOM:~CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
fjp X floor. ■ 206 Leavenworth st.
T)IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOW eve-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
1 (\f\f\ CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
J- ' >\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
XJ superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
rVHEAPKST AND BEST; GKT OCR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
I'ancr-haiißing Company, 685 McAllister st.
I»OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
LECTKIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
X_ Chester House, 44 Third Bt., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 r>u 10 *«Jp«r
week : free bus to and from the ierrv. ■
T lISEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
pLOAKa, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
* J mfra' cost. Factors. '-0 Kinionn" it., nn^tnlr^.
DRESSMAKERS. ■
D"*~RE~SS E S, ?2 UP ; L A W N^TI CpTwRA?
pers. Sac and up. 505% Natoma, bet. 6th & 7th.
RESSKS MADE, $3 UP; PERFECT FIT.
MISS GILLIGAN, 115 Kearny, room 14.
"PERFECTFITTING AND STYLISH SUITS AT
X short notlre. Us. M. LYNN, nn. 35,22 Geary.
PIANOS, VIOLINS, ETC.
H""aIIDmXnTpRIGHT OFi^RED^TiIToUGII
XX us by a private party; obliged to sell quickly
and will sell at a great sacrifice once; there is no
better piano than the Hard man; It took first medal
at the Columbian Exposition; we candidly believe
there is no bargain in the city to equal it: come at
once and see for yourself. THE J. DEWING CO.,
warerooms second floor, Flood building. Fourth,
aud Market sts.
<&-|9P: UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
*JpX_JO. tion; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister ■
ADY OBLIGED TO PART WITH HER
J-J steinway piano offers It at a great sacrifice; Im-
mediate sale necessary. Room 10, 809 Market st.
I"»OR SALE— I WASHBURN MANDOLIN
(new) and; 1 viola; made by Marcell Bleler,
1676: remarkably well preserved; $200. Call any
forenoon 2128 Howard st.
lANO TO RENT AND ONE LESSON PER
week. Teacher, box- 1, Call Office.  ; . ,;■■
toT PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
tJpO«J. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
Cj^A ELEGANT PIANO: FIRST-CLASS
<IpOU. make, $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth.
LL YOU WANT is VALUE FOR your
money ; Investigate these prices and bo con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the live-
bar autoharp S4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the nrize-winuer guitar
$3 25; solid waluut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market »t., Spreck-
el's building.
ffljC MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— 1 NEW
«iP«J Emerson rosewood upright; 8 pedals and
folding cover: price $175. 418 Ellis, room 22.
P" laNOS— S9O. $100, $150: GREAT BAR-
gains. M AUVAIS' 769 Market st.
A SHAW, $425: 2 BTEISWAYS, $215, $195;
iA. Sommer, 85; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis at.
TTe LE BRATS D HAINES BROS., BUSH _
\J Gerts and Knabe pianos: being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 824 Post St.. S. F.
ARKIVKD-LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-fv grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
ARE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price : and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. ' SHERMAN, CLAY <fc CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutler sts. : '
\\r M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
» » first floor; sole agents Hallet A Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash, or Installments.
OTEINWAY, $165; W E 8KH,~826b; SMALL
O upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
CONOVER PIANO! AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. .
CH JCKEKING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
/ ling pianos; see our new piano $187; pianos
ior rent. BENJ. CURTAZ «fe SON. 16 O'Farrell.
"C? 1 17 P. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER j
<tPX 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., IN WAI .FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or ■on easy terms. KGHLE& <_
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
ASY - TERMS;;LOW PIUCES. KOHLER~&
CHASE. ,
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,"
Newby * Evans, Briggs and other pianos. -
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham placa
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
i>se free.
MEDICAL.
T ADIES — "DAUDET'a~FEMALE REGULA-
i-i ting pills; stronsest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBKR'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYEK, 226 Turk st,
\fRS. DR. WEGENEK, PRIVATE HOME IN
JT_ confinement; Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills 82. 419 Eddy st.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles,' 110 matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once; can be sent fttid used at home; all
cases guaranteed; if you want to be treated safe
and sure I call on DR. POPPER and MRS. VR.
IS AIL, both specialists, 318 Kearny st.
T ADIES— CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
XJ nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa. -
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEY'J'H, 916 Post St., near Larlcin. .
BLESSING TO LADIES I- KRi.NU
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment;
neyer tails: perfectly harmless: free from any bud
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis-
pensary, 14 McAllister st~, next Hlberula Bank;
consult free. DR. _ MRS. DAVIS' .French regu-
lating pills, $2 50.
T ADIKS. CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,'
"Jj 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separata
home tor patients: •-, best ■kill; medical • atttsnd-
uce; low lees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market s'u
I A HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
'A MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St., Alamcda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
xL ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. 1).; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.Tiegi
1 i^n, hall, 14 McALLISTKK street, near
T.lones. iiinpnuos of women and children.
~ ' STORAGE.
rp 11. rooneyT722^iission— si"olTag_^vt
i. .reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
* A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
__. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, etc.
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 7&1 and 753 Market St. :
A PPLY FOB RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
■A ture, etc. SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market.
Q TOR AGE of FURNITURE. PIANOS. HOUSIS-
-hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
ILSON BROTHERS. 1710 : MARKET-
»' fei-orage: low rates: telephone South 762. -
ATTOR3SEYS-AT-LAW. -
"^A^VJC^F^_^^nJlVoTscl^LX\V^~A^S^
'A alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims,- collections; wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
TJ. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
• law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
w7DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY -Ar-LAW,42O
• California | St., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
■\yf J. NOLEN, ; ATTORNEY- AT- W. ~7T9
IU. Mux_ei, sl. ; advice free.
1 ... - ■- - ,■ ■ ■ ■ . - • j
£. r^y : bEa]L ESTATE.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., • , »
- . 428 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
1 4 000 BRICK IMPROVEMENTS;
tS)X.Xrz.\J\J\J. large prominent business cor-
ner; 55x82. '. ■ -» - : -• . - - •'•' " -* -
Cfc 9Q nnfl reduced PRICE; sixth ST.;
«JP^iO.UUU. 75x160; rentas22o.
©17 (\{\(\ DOWNTOWN STORE PROP-
«IpX I .\J ll \J. erty: never vacant; rentsl2o;
fine new building. '____•
REDUCED PRICE'
ftl7-4nn ELEGANT WESTERN ADDI-
♦Ip J I .t:v_J\_/. lion business corner; built by
day's work; rents ?ISj. '■ i-?.-
MUST BE SOLD!
ffljPLI KA COST $6200; BEAUTIFUL NEW
<JpUJ.tJU. Western Addition flats; rents s42 60.
COTTAGE HOUSE!
<B»Qnnn ALMOST NEW; -6; ROOMS AND
t\P'j\J\J\J. bath; Western Addition; terms same
as paying rent. '
-- BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
, ■ 428 Montgomery st.
©"] < 100 WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
■«IDX.'-'V\/ dow cottage; modern improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; South Broderlck St., near
Haight. Apply IS3O Mission st. ■
\M ARKET-STREET PROPERTY. .
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for Investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R., lockbox 429 Montgomery St., S. F.
o*l (\(\(\ - SEW 5-ROOM COTTAGE; BRICK
tpiUUU. foundation: stable for horse and car-
nage; large corner lot on Fruitvale aye., a blocks
from the Oakland local train or the electric cars-
part cash. MARTINUS O. CURiIY, 126 Kearny.
SPLENDID LOT OX FOLSOM ST.; BARGAIN.
0 Apply Asbestos Parafflne Co., 131 First st.
"FT* URIOSHE r D~B.6uSE FOR SALE. 761 MIS-
I sion si.
<Ci?\On CORNKR; 51x100: LN BEKKELEY;
t^O\J\J. on railroad; $10 monthly.
$400— Corner; 60x100, with creek.
$1600— Corner: 100x100; macadamized.
$1000— Corner; 100x100; $15 monthly.
$175— Lot 26x135; $10 down: $5 monthly.
■ CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an I cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. -lAS. McCONAHF.Y. 1149 Mission st. "
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
$tl (±(\(\ 16 V ACRES. iy 2 MILES' FROM
(JjIUUU. fit. Helena: 14 acres choice wine
grapes; worth now $22 50 per ton; housf, barn
and family orchard. CHAS. COLTON, 906 Mar-
ket st. ■ .
<si9nnfi 160-acre valley RANCH in
t£)*J\J\J\J. Fall River Valley; all tillable: house
and barn: fenced; near mines. CHAS. COLTON,
906 Market st. ■■
mERMS EASY— 6 ACRES, $175; 15 ACRES
X improved, $400; 20 acres, 10 in grain, house,
etc., cheap: 20-acre orchard, 6-rooni house, $2000,
will trade for Oakland property; 80 acres by town,
$12 50 an acre; several big farms. M. GRIFFIN,
box 22, Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
ORANGE LANDS. : —
RANGE LANDS.
. -:.-. ■•:■■"'■ BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY. i •
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same lime a good investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
payments: no Interest: the trees planted on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. :•
We have an experienced horticulturist in char?e
Of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDIUDGE & CO.,
• 638 Market st., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal.
TTALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
V lands for sale on easy terms.
ftflOO acres: Rancho BOCA de LA CAN-
UUV/VJ ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berk eiey,
near narrow-pauge railroad. .
1 Of\(\ ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL I.AND
XOUv adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on '.he bay of San Francisco.
OMfVACRKS CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
O\J\J adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.' -
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
...•-. SIMON BLUM, Martinez. '
SAN RAFAEL AND ROSS~V ALLEY— ~
_ Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD,
San Rafael, Cal. • .
M" ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 20 MILE 3
Hum San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; frnlt. jrratn and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 tier acre; terms mads
suit; send for circular.
. Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
ARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
X? sizes, improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda ioutity. Inquire of S. SALZ,
Centre
TITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly iin proved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. P. .
OENDFOKOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
k5 for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
7X AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
tip I O land: easy terms. . ■• .-„>:>'
fl['J« per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil;, near
<Jp OO Pleasanton. Alameda Co. ; terms to suit; also
a few Improved cozy country homos near by; 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms; will ex-
change. LEE t v Klsl. R, ; Of, Montgomery st.
PKOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE, j
"£~C~Ii 6 U "WES" A'NDii'of S^ " ~~~~~~ ~~ ~'
00 105 ranches, large and small. : '—
140 vacant lots, everywhere. ■ ■ ■
46 hotels and lodging-houses.- — ■ : '■
108 business places, all prices. ■ — : — ■
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? —
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ——
All Kinds of property. — ' ■
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
1 <-iO FINE GRAIN LAND, CLEARED,
lv/v for house and lot; fine clear lots for a
grocery; clear Alameda, Oakland houses for City
property; assumes mortgage; lodging-houses:
hotels; business exchanged. EITEL, 900 Market.
I 9QO ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 ZjOv/ water; fine for cattle-raising. N..hx.16.Ca1l
MONE Y TO LOAN.
M"' i i oney"" LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
jM other valuables at the Security Loan Oflica,
Market st. .or. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
T\IRECT ON YOUK FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. , Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
T>lG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PERCENT;
XJ the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
. A CVaKCJS ON LIFE INSURANCE. ■ LEGA-
x\. cles, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
ORTGAGES, LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
low rates. Sylvaiu Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
IST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
tates;lowest rates;no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrku
ffliCA/i l\t\l\ ON REAi. .ESTATE; LOWEST
3pOUU,UUI/rates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETO
xV Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
xi. estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room* 'J-:<.
.. . ■ ■ ■ "PAWNBBOKEKST"
T i2B~K^A^NT^T7r~R^oir^9^MONBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator; pledges for sal cheap.
■' -:- : . .'-■:- FINANCIAL.
TjETTSTTTvffTrSTi^oAi^
{jPlv/V'.UU' * ance policies; bankbooks bought;
aiso Crinple Creek mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ. room 9, 330 Pine st. ■ ■ . ■ ;-
DENTISTS.
R7LTrTcliAT^£oixT^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
fiROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c. withgnssl.
<J!»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
«Tp I good as can be made: tilling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist., 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater. • .
R. LUDLUM HILL,- 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per sot; extracting 50c; gas given.
ONEST WORK; VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLK, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
I?XXLIi • t-ET OF TEETH, $7 \ WARRANTED
' five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st. !
QET OF TEETH WITHWUT A PLATE. DR. H.
(3 G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk at. • - '.•••;.
IT GEORGE ' W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of ■im proved •. bridge work i or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 10 20 O'J'arrell at. ,
T>A IN LESS - EXTRACTION. - BOc; ' : CROWN
J. bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13vears'
; experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 8153.4 Geary.
I iR. : H. H. SHAW, ■ 224 KEARNY —"BRIDGE-
U work a specialty; open evenings. 7:30 to 9.%.
/ IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. SOU AIAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. , j
DR. J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN j
Gate — Open evenings; Sundays tilt noon.
lili v. WORK REASONABLE s AND ; waS"
. . noted, pa. J. W. A fa. V. 112 a Market st. ,
OAKLAND r ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I 9-ROOM HOUSE: 100- FOOT LOT; ONLY~S
__ blocks from Broadway; : sunny northwest cor-
ner; ■ make . me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office,"
Oakland.
OPECIaL, BARGAINS. •■ -.
"YfEW 7-ROOM 2-STORY 7-FOOT BASEMENT
-Li round-front modern house; street work* com-
plete with cement walks: 1 block from San Pablo
uve., near Durant School; lot 25x100; price
$2660; $250 cash, balance $30 per month.
0:--FOOT LOT ON E. SIDE FRANKLIN ST.,
A'O near Sixth; 5- room cottage, rented and cheap
for $1600; half cash. _ , . .
SOUTHWEST COR. OF SAN PABLO AYE.
0 and 30th st.; 60 feet on San Pablo aye.; price
$35 per front foot; or will trade for other tirst-
ciass property.
MEW 7-ROOM HOUSE ON N. SIDE OF
-Li Grant aye. or 37th St., 300 feet E. of Telegraph
aye.; lot 37:6x115: rented for $18 per month;
$26U0: one-third cash, balance flat loan at 8 per
cent.
"1 OQxlBO: ON W. SIDE OF SAN PABLO
I_O aye., near the narrow-gauge railroad cross-
ing at 39th st.; with 2 5-room cottages on this
property; must be sold; make an oiler at once.
CORNER LOT NEAR 21ST-ST. ELECTRIC
\J cars, East Oakland; 2!.x140; price $400; $300
can remain on flat loan at 8 per cent.
"DEAUTIFUL HOME ON 7TH AYE., NEAR
-D 15th st., East Oakland; 12-room new house
and lot 78x150, in first-class shape: this property
cost $15,0!J0; on account of owner living out of
city wilt sell for $10,000; $2500 cash, balance in-
stallments or flat loan at 8 per cent.
Address RALEIGH & CO., 460 Ninth St., Oak-
land. '■ ■
T^XCJIAXCiE OR SALE- 20 ACRES IN THE
J-i Sacramento Valley in bearing peaches, prunes
and pears, all in fine condition; fenced, &-room
house, barn, 8 chicken-Houses and yards, team,
wagon, harness, tools, cow, chickens, 2 . years'
wood, etc.; only 2 miles from railroad station;
owner desires small place near Sacramento. Oak-
land or Santa Clara Valley; rare chance for right
party. O. A. LANE & CO., 902 Broadway, Oak-
land. ■ ■'?: ■
T IGHT MACHINE AND REPAIR SHOP IN
J-J Oakland: all tools, lathes, forge, etc; pays $40
per week; wilt exchange: price $1000. J. 11. ED-
SON, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
|^ EST BARGAIN IN FRUITVALE-HOUSE 6
U rooms, with or without furniture: barn, two
chicken-houses, 100 chickens: artesian well, wind-
mill and tank: fruit trees and shrubbery; horse,
harness and phaeton: lot 100x210; price only
$2250. For terms see owner at Fruitvale Land
company, Frmtvale station. •
Q> 'jOKfi $500 cash, IF sold this WEEK;
»IP O_«JU. stylish 2-story residence, just com-
pleted, with driveway: superior location; con-
venient to narrow-gaupe train. LAYMAN CE <&
CO., 466 Eighth st., Oakland. .
OOK! $100! LOTS ON - INSTALLMENTS ;
-i no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
u> I/inn for exchange! GOOD 10-
-tjpttUUl/. room house a«d lot, 50x132: nicely
located; rental $20 per month: will take clear
land or other property. Ai, DEN & KRONEN-
BERG. 902 Broad way, Oakland.
OP. A 2 HOUSES AND LOT, 60x101;
JlOOxj. rental $18 per month: a pood invest-
ment. ALDEN & KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. \< ;'■:>; ■
BARGAIN; 169 ACRES, WITH HODSK,
near Southern Pacific Coast R. R. to Los An-
geles; clear title: U. S. patent; owned by a widow
and must be sold at once; only $550. Address M.
J., box •/, Call Office, Oakland.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tioh: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, ugent, Fruitvale alar
tion.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET;
HOUSEKEEPING KoOMsTT'uItNISITF.D OR
unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway. Oakland. !
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA .REAL ESTATE.
NEWSROOM COTTAGE; $400
?Jp_l/v/l '. cash; balance easy terms; see it.
$3000— New 6-room cottage; lot 50x150; want
offer: $300 cash.
$4250— New 7-room 2-story house; Broadway;
great bargain. :
$3500— New 6-room cottage: must be sold.
$5500— Santa Clara aye.; 9-room house .near
Park st. ; cheap. , "-• .'
$4750— aye.: 8 rooms: new: Clinton aye.
$6-50— Alameda aye. ; 8-room. cottage; Alameda
aye.; lot 54x150. . - ■
$11.000— san Antonio aye.; 8 rooms; all modern;
beautiful.
House; lot 135x150; call and see thi •* fine
property ; 14 rooms and 6 acres land; water, fruit;
finest property in Alameda: must be sold. On all
these properties street work, sewers and sidewalks
complete. Large number furnished and unfur 7
n'.sned houses. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st. '■
TVTEW COLONIAL . HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
-Li . rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 Dlock
west from Park St.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed; parlor enam- ,
etcd in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors: plate glass throughout; beautiful '
brick i.ianiel in dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as I am
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
B. M. GRAY. 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
OR SALE-ELEGANT COTTAGE OF 6
-T rooms: fine grounds and shrubbery. Apply
room 1, 321 Market st. . ,
f OOK-$360 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
-LJ from Park St., Alameda, on installments: line
location. H. B. PINNEY. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
171 OR SALE— COTTAGE. 11 ROOMS: LOT 53x
150; north side; street macadamized :. stone
walk: lovely garden, shrubbery, etc.; must be sold.
T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park aye.
<2>C)Z(\(\ NEW COLONIAL COTTAGE, 6OR
«Ip_Uv/V' 7 rooms, on an improved street at
station.. Apply to 1243 Park St., Alameda.
m* 1 nrk TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
tip 1 \J \J 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience: near station, school, etc ;. with large
lot: $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St.. Alameda. -i.-,
alameda rooms to let.
* LAMEDA— 3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
A Dished for housekeeping: separate bath and
toilet; near Hlgh-st. station. 3219 Brings aye,
ICELY FURNISHED ROOMS WITH OR
xi without board; piano. 689 Central aye., near
Webster st. '•■■:-.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
A~~LA~MrTD~A^TO~LE?riS2ii^
A 2-story house: 5 rooms and • bath ; all modern
improvements; near High-st. station: rent $15.
OTTAGE, 2241 SAN JOSE AYE.; SUNNY
side; 7 rooms; bath, gas, laundry, basement,
stable, lawn, shrubbery. J. B. HAN LEV, 1351
Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OR RENT — FURNISHED OR UNFUrI
. nish'ed house of 13 rooms on principal street; 3
minutes' walk from Berkeley station: - large
grounds, nicely improved; plenty of flowers and
shade; lawn-tennis and croquet grounds: barn,
chicken-house, etc. J. J. MASON. Berkeley sta-
tion. -
OS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
surance agent, Berkeley station.
NLY 5 LOTS LEFT; THE BIGGEST BAR-
gain in Alameda County; 50x141, for $400;
perfectly level; above grade: near cars. JOScI "H
J. MASON, Berkeley station.
OR SALE— TWO MODERN HOUSES, JUST
completed; 7 and 8 rooms; porcelain baths;
large lots; in choice part of town; easy, terms.
A few choice , corner lots south of University;
cheap to close an estate. ■
270x120: 5 -blocks from the University: near
foothills; at half-price. '- M. L. WURTS, opposite
Dwight-way station, Berkeley, Cal.
O 1 OO CENTER ST., BERKELEY— FOR SALE
_J _. >by O. G. MAY <fe CO.; a genuine bargain;
a cottage of 4 hard-finished rooms, space -in attic
for 2 more; bay-window: lotbUxlOO; near Peralta
Park; only $700; easy terms; and others.'
OZY AND HOMELIKE: a PLACE for
\J comfort: must be sold; good cottage:. 6 rooms
and bath: well, windmill and tank; lot 60x122;
nice yard; near train: $2500, including furniture,
less without. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin. ■ ■
G. MAY & CO., REAL ESTATE AND
. building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
V BERKELEY ROOMS.
I>ERKELEY— ATTRACTIVE SUNNY ROOSIS
i with board: first and second floors; single or
en suite; private; central; reasonable. 2324
Chan nine way. •
________
LOST.
LOST— SA"TUB3DAI?^O_?._J^T\V'_EN l TiH_
J Golden Rule Bazaar and Fifth St., alligator
purse containing money. Return a Stanley court;
reward. ;-*■.: >.., ?-■ ■,-:.>■ . ■ ■ . ■■■/■  - ; -■--. --:,.-. ' . .
OST— EITHER HERE OR IN OAKLAND
or on broad-gauge boat, collection-book, marked
Stevenson* Co. on cover. Finder please com-
municate , with B. WORMS,' at steven&on _ Co»,
539 Market st. :,' -:.'■■■_- ;: :■ ;. " • ■ ■
<2; C REWARD-LOST — SMALL TAN TER-
«JP O rier. Return to 812 Twenty-first st.
OST-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEBNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of ARPOLINO BENIAMINO (No. 2,061-
-410) . v The finder will please return to bank. .■■ '■
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH TUn Jtllii±.xi.MA
Savings and,Lcau Society of San Francisco, in
the name of 8. H. WALTER: No. 129,309. The
finder will please return to the bank. ' v ■: -
.^^^•^^^^^^gQ^D;^.:' -•:-•, <■'''■■
ITiOUND-A DAKK BAY MARE. OWNER
p ' Apply 427 Duncaust,
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
'■■•■- BORN. ■  •■■ j '-■ : r
COSTELLO— ApriI 3, 1896, to the .wife Of M.COdr
tello. a daughter.
EPSTEIN— In this city, April 3, 1896, to the wife
of Sam Epstein, a "son. -
GRAY -In Alameaa. March 31, 1896, to the wife
of Alexander J. Gray, a son.
KARNES— In this city, April 5,1896, to the wife
of William B. Karnes. a son.
PROUTY— In St. Helena. Cal., April 4, 1896, to
the wife of H. E. Prouty, a son.
MARRIED^ : .
BROWN— LOWENBERG— lv this City, March 24,
1896, by the- Rev. Dr.Vooraanger, Abe L. Brown
and Ruby Lowenberg.
_____ ~~
dTei>^
Andersen, Annie . .. Lang, Arthur E.
Buckley, Emma Mnloney, Thomas
Bushnell, Capt. W. E. May, Thomas
Capucetti. Carolina • Murray, John S.
Collins, James E. Nolan, Edward
Coogan, Richard O'Brien, Katie
Courtney, Ellen F. .. Plumbe, Richard ■•-•-rV
Davis, Kay solinsky, C. W.
Diunock, Gustave Stephens, Henry
Duggan. Sarah A. Sullivan, William
Gabrielsen, Flora Wales, Madeline
Garoelon, C. C. Warren, William H.
Hamlin, — Wentworth, Mary E. .
Hayes, George R. B. Weed, Jane
ANDERSEN— In this city, April 5, 1896, Annie,
beloved wife of Ole Andersen, and sister of
Mariet, Martin, Halvor, Gunder and Ole Thor- j
sen. a native of Norway, aged 38 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clocK p. m.. from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 9IS Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. -
BUCKLEY-In this city, April 5. 1896, Emma,
beloved wife of Ambrose J. .Buckley, daughter of
Mrs. R. C. Tobin, and sister of Julia C. Gately.
J*3*Funeral TO-MORROW (Tuesday) from St.
Ignatius Church. Hayes street and Van >»es«
avenue. Mass beginning at 9:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment private. Omit flowers.
BUSHNELL— In this city, April 4. 1896, Captal n
William E., beloved husband of Rose L. Bush-
nell, a native of Norwich. Conn., aged 73 years 3
months and 8 days. [Norwich (Conn.) and bter-
lius (Whites'.de County, 111.) papers please copy,]
BSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
* 123 Stockton street, corner of Geary, until Mon-
day morning, waen they will be removed to Pio-
j neer Hall at 10 o'clock a, m. Interment I. O. O. P '
! Cemetery. . .i : :; .. ■ '
CAr&CETTI— In tnls city. April 4. 1896, Carolina,
beloved wife of Frank Capucetti, and mother of
Rosle, Louis, Frank and Nina Capucetti, a na-
tive of Switzerland, acini 33 years. ■ 
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock v. If., from her late resi-
dence, 1210 Kearuy street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. •
COOGAN-In this city, April 5, 1896, Richard,
brother of Mary and Annie Coogan, a native of
San Francisco.
COLLINS-In this city, April 5, 1896, James E.,
beloved son of the late John ('. and Ann Eliza-
beth Collins, and brother of John L. and Theresa
Collins, anative of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
fttTNotice or funeral hereafter.
COURTNEY— In this city, April 4. 1896, Ellen
F., beloved daughter of James and Julia Court-
ney, and sister of Mary G. Courtney, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year and 18 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clocK p. m.. irom the residence
of the parents, 125 Per ry street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. April 1896, Ray. beloved
daughter of Matilda and the late A. Davis, and
sister of David, Louis, Mortle, Lena and Beckia
Davis, a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years
11 mouths and 23 days.
KB" Friends i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her lat*
residence, 30 Russ street. Interment Old Salem
Cemetery. Cliff House road.
DITTNOCK— In this city. April 4, 1896, Gustave,
beloved husband of Emma Dittnock. and father
Of Edwin, Arthur, Elsie and Ella Dittnock, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 38 years and 10 months.
A member of Herkules Lodge No. 8, O. d. H. S.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr <& Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DUGGAN-In San Rafael. April 3. 1896. Sarah A.
. Duggan , a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
GABRIELSEN— In this city, April 4, 1896. Flora,
beloved wife of Albert Gabrieisen, and daughter
of Mrs. Margaret Williams, a native of Bristol,
England, aged 30 years.
ltl»"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 207 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GARCELON— In this city, April 3. 1896, C. C,
Garcelon, a native of Maine, aged 54 years.
HAMLIN— In Oakland, April 3, 1896. father of
Dr. O. D. Hamlin, a native of Canada, aged 60
years 11 months and 20 days. :- T .v- . •'.
JKS"Friends ■' ana acquaintances are resoect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 24 Weston avenue, thence to th»
Church of the sacred Heart, Fortieth street;
near Grove, where at 9:30 o'clock a. m. a solemn
requiemhigh mass will he celebrated. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
HAVES— In this city, April 1896, George B. B.
Haves.
SS-fhe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 2513 Pacific avenue, (hence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for th« repose of his soul,',
commencing at. 10 o'clock a. m. lii'.L-rmuii,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANG— In this city, April 4, 1896, Arthur Edear,
beioved husband of Addle Lang, and brother of
George- R. and Charles E. Lan? and . Mrs. John
Soule. a native of Monroe, N. 11., aged 44 years
and 6 months.
«3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p.m., from his late resit
dence, 1715Vij San Carlos avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MAY— In this city, April 5. 1898, Thomas May,
beloved brother of Patrick May of Winuemucca.
New, and uncle of Thomas Hart, Mrs. Cornelius
McCall, Mrs. Anthohy Murray and Mrs. Higgins
of San Francisco, a native of the parish of KJl-
mateige, County Sligo. Ireland, aged 68 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 246 Michigan street, thence to St. Teresa's
Church, Potrero, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - • - . •
MALONEY— In this city, April 2, 1896, Thomas
Maloney, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years.
MURRAY — In this city, April 2, 18&6, John Sid-
ney Murray, aged 7 mooths. ...
NOLAN— In Seattle, March 31, 1896. Edward, be-
loved husband of Augusta Nolan, a native of
Bangor. Me., aged 26 years.
jßfjTFrlends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'cloctc p. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
near Market. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery- : ' ..-■•..- :'- .', " ■■■,£
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 4, 1896, at St. Mary't
Hospital, Katie O'Brien, a native ot Ireland,
aged 28 years.
PLUMBE— In this city, April 5, 1896. Richard
beloved husband of Catherine E. Piumbe. and
tatber of Dr. Edward 0.. Fannie X., John >'.
William R. and Charles E. Piumbe. a native of
Wales, aged 85 years 4 months and 9 days. A.
. member of General Meade Post No. 48, U. A. R.
[Dubuque papers please copy.l
Jjf3" Notice of funeral hereafter.
SOLINSKY— In Chinese Camp, Tuolumne County,
April 4, 1896, C.W. Sotlnsky, a native of Poland,
aged 82 years. . ■, :'
STEPHENS— In this city, April 4, 1896, Henry,
beloved husband of the late Mary J. Stephens;
and beloved father of Annie, Minnie. Fred, Lo-
rena, Mercie and " Ruby Stephens and Mrs.
; James Meagher, a native of Louis County, N. V.;
aged 59 years 8 months aud 8 days. [Louis
County and Oneida (N. V.) papers please copy.J
: ©if Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. it., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Monday), at 2 - o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 15 Dame street, thence to St. Paul's
Church., corner Twenty-ninth and Church
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' . ■
SULLIVAN— In this city, April 4, 1896, William,
beloved son of the late Thomas Sullivan, and
brother of John Sullivan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 28 years 11 months and 19 days.
jgsyFrienda and acquaintance* ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 429 Francisco street, thence to St.
Francis Church for services. Interment Holy
' Cross Cemetery. .
WALES— In this city, April 4, 1898, Madeline,
beloved daughter of Albert and Annie Wales,
and granddaughter of Thomas and Mary Dailer
and i Mrs. F. A. Saunders, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and f» days. . >
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atte.nd the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from the residence
of the parents, 932 Sanchez street. Interment'
Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
WARREN— In this city, April 2, 1896, William
H., beloved husband of Mary Warren, and father
-of Rev. E. C. Warren, 0.P., John, Georare ana
. Mamie Warren, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
68 years 5 months and 6 days. . .
Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a.m., from nls late resi-
dence, 2814 Pine street, thence to St. Dominic's
Church, where a requiem high mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
' at 9 -.30 o'clock: a. it. ' Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ■:■. Please omit flowers.
WEED— In this city, April 5,1896, Jane. widow
of the late Joseph Weed, a native of New York,
aged 85 years. " ' • '•.-,.'
WENTWORTH— In this* city. April 4, 1896, Mary
E. Wentworth, aged 68 years. - ..
~~ i T-L __LJZ
i UNITED.. UNDERTAKERS' . I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
: r -.. at Reasonable Rates.
?■ Telephone south 167. 27 and 29.Fiftb st.
nscavoiT&c'allacher, 1 -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EHBALMER3,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. .
.. S* Telephone 3080.
1314
DETECTIVE KLINE
IS POSITIVE
Says That the Franklin
Burglar Was Pittsburg
Jack.
CAPTAIN LEES' THEORIES
They Would Read Well in a
Novel by De Boisgobey or
Gaboriau,
BUT DON'T FIT IN KEAL LIFE.
The Head of the Detective Bureau
Vouches for Riley's Honesty, but
Has Detained Him.
The story in yesterday's Cai.i, of the dis
covery by Private Detective Henry Kline
of the. identity of the Franklin burglar
created a great sensation.
It was a declaration that if Kline's story
be true the police had not only failed to
discover the identity of the burglar killed
by Butler Miller in the Franklin house,
but had been actually duped by one of his
pals, who was presented by Captain Lees'
private secretary with a suit of ciothes,
and by another admirer with a pair of
fchot-s and a hat.
Captain Lots advocated the charming
French theory, which would make excel
lent material In the hands of Gaboriau
or De Boisgobey, that it was not possible
for the dead burglar to have got into the
Franklin residence without the co-opera
tion and connivance of Butler Miller; that
he was decoyed into the house and killed
by Miller for the purpose of making the
butler a hero in the eyes of his master.
The theory went on to the effect that after
having murdered a poor, inoffensive tramp
in cold blood Miller deliberately shot him
self in tne neck in order to furnish evi
dence of the terrible struggle that had
taken place.
This is a very easy way of wining a
crime off the slate, it involves no further
•work on the part of the detectives and til Is
the world with wonder at the astuteness
of one greater than Vidocq. Hut the
Coroner's jury happened to he composed
of matter-of-fact business men. They
were not jugglers with line-spun theories,
and they actually believed that the buliet
■which entered Miller's neck not more than
an inch from his jugular had been tired by
the dead man, and they rendered a ver
dict accordingly.
Kvery reader of The Call will remember
the murder of Miss Harrington on Ellis
street about a year ago. The murderer
was never found. Captain Lees had a
theory in that case also, but. the testimony
didn't tit it. The theory, however, wiped
that crime off the slate and allowed the
detective department to repose in peace.
If Kline's story be true, the dead bur
glar was identified at the Morgue by more
than one of his associates. Mr. Kline
sticks to his statement. Last night he
gave the following additional version. He
saiil :
"1 carefully looked over the articles in j
the newspapers every day for the leading
criminal topics, and my attention was j
attracted by the peculiar theory set up by I
the police as to Miller's alleged double- j
faced wort. I accordingly went to the j
Morgue for the purpose of viewing the !
remains of the man who had been so sim
ple as to be made a victim of the butler's
game.
"I at once recognized the body as that
of a man whom I had met at a meeting of
the Salvation Army a short time before,
and to whom I talked about his soul. I
had also seen him several times around
the streets. From what I knew of the
nan, I at once doubted the correctness of
Captain Lees' theory implicating Miller.
Having received a j>oint or two from per
eons who had known the dead man, I
entered upon an investigation of the case.
"Captain Lees was told of the identifica
tion of the body in the Morgue as Pitts
burg Jack, and he appeared at that time
to believe that the identification was cor
rect. After further investigation I dis
covered the intimate association of the
deceased and the two men as narrated in
yesterday morning's Call.
"These facts I laid before Captain Lees
and he laughed at the proposition. He
insisted that no two men whatever were
Feen about the Franklin house on
the night of the shooting, and that there
v.as nobody there 'but that damned
butler.' to use his own words. He insisted
that Pittsburg Jar-k was nothing but a
harmless hobo, and had never served time
in any penitentiary.
"When I first .spoke to Captain Lees
ebout the matter he said that* he would
wire to the East and make inquir3 r about
the dead burglar, but Tip to the 20th of
March he had heard nothing in reply, as I
understand, and as I believe, he claims to
have learned from old-timers here that
there was no such man in Jefferson City
Missouri, ir 1881 and 1885.
"Notwithstanding this denial time and
investigation will show that 'Pittsburg'
was there and that he was the man killed
by Miller. I have learned that Pittsburg
Jack drifted into Pan Francisco about four
months before he was ki-led. and was seen
and recognized here by more than one
man who Knew him and his two compan
ions as well. Hayes arrived here about
the same time. He has a record hack
East, and that published in The Cam, is
correct. Kiiey lives in this part of the
country. He has been under arrest sev
eral times, but was never held so far as I
have been able to learn.
"These three men were chump, and had
been together for days before the at
tempted burglary. On the night on which
'Pittsburg' was killed they were not in
their accustomed haunts, ;md upon their
reappearance after the affair Riley and
Hayes explained the reason for 'Pitta
burp's' absence.
"No, they can prove no alibi. The sa
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U.S. Gov't Report
Drft&U Baking
mi 3Z05&&31 I Vftllvl
Absolutely, pure
loon man whose place they frequented
cannot go back on what he has already
said — that they were away from iiis place
on the night of the shooting. He will not
be likely to swear either way, though he
has already committed himself.
"There is no mistake as to the identifi
cation of Pittsbnrg Jack. In addition to
his strongly marked and easily recogniz
able features there were other marks
whioh could not be mistaken. One of
these was a bit of tattooing in blue ink on
the inside of his left arm consisting of
the letters "M. O. D.,' : with a sunburst
above and a double bracket below. Such
work is rarely if ever done on a sailor's
arm.
"He never had been a sailor and he was
not a hobo, as will be shown in due time.
1 fully expected the result of my investi
gation to be laughed at and discredited by
the police, but that does not alter the facts.
"The police went away off at the start,
Rnd took great pains in trying to establish
the fact that Miller was not only a double
faced traitor to his master but a murderer
besides. One of the papers said ttiat the
police had woven around him a web of
circumstantial evidence that would re-
quire a good deal of proof to rebut."
The statement made to the effect that
Riley had left his picture with Kline be
fore leaving was incorrect. The Call did
not pet the picture from Kline.
Detective Kline lias been served with a
subpena to appear in Judge Low's court
this morning.
Captain Lees and "the upper office"
were not at all pleased with the story of
the Franklin burglary which appeared in
yesterday's Call. He denounced it as a
fake, just as he had laughed to scorn the
man who came to him with a story that
Ivan Kovalev and his gang were the mur
derers of the Webers. But it turned out
that the man was right, and afterward
Captain Lees took all the glory and asked
fors<;oo reward for Kovalev's conviction of
murder in the first degree.
The captain yesterday said that he
would afford Private Detective Harry
Kline the opportunity oi proving his alle
gations in court.
He thought enough of the story, how
ever, to detain "Handsome Riley" until
Private Detective Kline shall have had an
opportiimtv of making a complaint
against him.
Riley called at the Southern police sta
tion yesterday mornint: and offered to sur
render himself. He was advised to go
to police headquarters to Captain Lees,
ana he at once did so. He will be de
tained, Captain Lees says, until Kline
either prov es or disproves his charges
against him.
"It is not true," said Riley, yesterday,
"that I testified at the inquest that I had
been a tramp for tifteen years. I am an
architect by profession, and came to this
City in 1887, and worked for four years for
Charles Mau in Oakland. Afterward I
worked for Sonthtield & Colburg, on
Kearny and California streets; Clinton
Day; James Seadler, Sacramento, and W.
H. Waugh. I left Waugh's employ July
•1 last, and since then I have been drink
ing, which has been my only fault.
"It is not true that I am a criminal. I
have been twice arrested for vagrancy
within the past year, but each time the
charge was dismissed. I have been living
with my parents here right along, and it
was my mother who advised me this
morning on reading The Call to sur
render myself.
"I never heard of ' Pittsburg Jack' till I
read it in the newspapers and never saw
any one who knew such a person. I have
known Hayes about six months and first
met him in a saloon where they sell
cheap beer and give a free lunch. I never
knew Hayes to be arrested for any crime,
but he was once airested for begging. I
never heard of him being a criminal from
the crowd we associated with and he was
never looked upon as a crook.
"I never went to Franklin's office and
never saw him till at the inmiest. I also
never heard of Hayes being at Franklin's
office.
"Kline says I gave him my picture. He
does uot tell the truth. I never saw him
in my life. The only picture of me that
I know to be in existence is in the posses
sion of a girl to whom 1 was engaged to be
married' five years ago. It was taken when
I worked for Mau in Oakland.
"About the Franklin burglary, I did not
know anything regarding it till I read it
in the papers. I can prove that I was in
bed at home at the time the burglary was
committed."
"The whole story," said Captain Lees,
"is a 'fake' from beginning to end and I
will give Mr. Kline the opportunity to
bring forward his proof. I will detain
Puley meantime and will subpena Kline
to appear in court and substantiate his
charges.
"About a week after the burglary T re
ceived information that this man Kline
knew something about the dead man, and
I sent Detective Wren to tind out what ho
knew about him. Acting upon the infor
mation Wren got from Kline and his
brother-in-law, I wrote on February 24 the
following letter to the Warden of the peni
tentiary at Jefferson City, Mo. :
Herewith inclosed find photos of a burglar
killed while burglarizing a residence in this
City on the 14th inst. I am informed that
under the name of Clark— think his right
name is Dougherty— he was an inmate of your
prison and was discharged in 1888 or 1889;
that he worked in the harness-shop when a man
named Strauss had the harness-making con
tract. V lease investigate at your earliest con
venience and inform me of results.
"Not receiving an answer I wrote again
and received the following letter lrom
Warden Pace, which is dated March 24:
Inclosed we hand photos sent us. We do not
keep pictures of prisoners, hence have nothing
to compare with. Employes who have been
here over twenty years fall to identify him
either from photos or description from the clip
ping sent us. Unless the description we send
is him we cannot help you.
The description referred to is as follows:
Thomas Clark, aged 23, nativity, Cali
fornia; occupation, barber; height 5 feet 3
inches, hair black, eyes gray, complexion
dark, weight when received 109 pounds; no
whiskers; received March 10, 1885; crime,
larceny from a railroad car; sentence live
years, from March 4, 1885; dischared under
three- fourth law December 4, 1888. General
remarks: Nose and face slightly pitted
from smallpox; India ink marks on back
of left hand, shield on inside of left arm,
woman's head on muscle of right arm.
"Now, the dead burglar was a man 5 feet
9 or 10 inches tall, fair complexion, fair
hair, was not pitted with smallpox and the
mark* on him were entirely different from
those on Clark. That disnosed of the idea
that he was 'Pittsburg Jack.'
"Four or rive days ago this man Kline
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1896.
called upon me and asked if I had heard
from the Warden. I told him I had and
that the deaa burglar was not 'Pittsburg
Jack.' lie asked to see the correspondence
and I declined. Next morning General
Salomon, Franklin's attorney, called upon
me and asked to see the correspondence. I
showed it to him and he said, 'That settles
it, the man was not Pittsburg Jack.' The
visit of Kline and the visit of General Sal
omon next morning led me to think that
Kline was in the pay of Franklin.
"I never took so much pains in my life
to have a man identified as I did with the
dead burglar. I got my staff to take every
crook in the City to the Morgue to have a
look at him, but not one had seen him
before. I made Detective Bainbridge and
the clerks in tne office go through the
State's Prison books and they could find
no trace of any such man. Policemen
were sent to look at him, but none of them
knew him. He was never in the peniten
tiary here and was not known here, and I
don't believe the man was a thief.
"Now about Hayes. He was kept in the
City Prison at his own request till after
the inquest. After the inquest I in
structed Detective "Wren to take him to a
hotel, to stay there until further orders.
He was there a week, when he disap
peared. Gibson and Wren met him on
Market and Kearny streets the night be
fore he disappeared and he never said a
word to them about leaving the City. He
never evinced any disposition to go, and I
am satisfied some one outside of the police
department, who had an interest in get
ting him out of the City, was at the
bottom of his disappearance,
"There is not the remotest evidence
against either Riley or Hayes in connec
tion with the burglary, but 1 will make
Mr. Kline swear to a complaint against
hem so as to give him a chance to bring
forward his proof that they were the
burglars. I don't believe Hayes is a
crook.
"It is said that after the trial 'Hayes
showed up with $15 and a new suit of
clothes, and he declared positively it all
came from Lees.' That is false. I never
gave Haj'es a cent, and the clothes were
an old suit and a hat Hayes got from Otto
Heyneman. my clerk, Captain Robinson
giving him a shirt and a pair of shoes. He
was in such a tattered condition that some
thing had to be done before any hotel
would take him in, and Heyneman kindly
offered to give him a cast-off suit."
Detective Wren, who saw Kline, as in
structed by Captain Lees, said : "Kline
did not pretend to know the dead man,
but told me that the man, who was
then working at the Parrott building,
thought he recognized him as a man
who had done time in the Missouri peni
tentiary, who was known as 'Pittsburg
Jack.' His right name was Dougherty,
although he was known there as Clark
from Pittsburg. Kline also said that he
had talked with the man in the Salvation
Army barracks on Pacific street.
"I went to see the brother-in-law,
and asked him if he knew the man
on the slab in the Morgue. He replied
that he looked like a man he had
done time with in the Missouri peniten
tiary, whose name was Clark, and who
worked in the harness-shop under Strauss.
He said the last time he saw him was two
years ago in Los Angeles, and the man in
the Morgue looked like him. I felt posi
tive he did not know the man, and so re
ported to Captain Lees."
Captain Lees has correspondence in his
possession showing that Frank J. Miller,
Franklin's butler, was born in Thomas
ton, near Waterbury, Conn., and that his
real name is Frank J. Heifler. A man
named Miller was married to one of his
sisters. Tne captain hinted that there
might be some interesting developments
yet regarding the matter.
DONE ALL ON THE QUIET.
La Societe Francaise de Bien*
faisance Mutuelle
Elections.
Fifteen Committeemen and Three
Physicians Elected and There
Was No Row.
The members of the French Hospital and
Benevolent Society, known as La Societe
Francaise de Bienfaisance Mutuelle, yes
terdaj held an election of officers and
members of the committee of administra
tion and of physicians to serve during the
coining year.
While there are more than 3000 mem
bers in the society only 555 votes were cast.
Some thirty-six ballots were irregularly
made out on the vote for committeemen
and were thrown out. The same was done
with sixty-six ballots illegally cast for
physicians. This left 245 as an actual ma
jority to elect either conimitte men or phy
sicians.
The old officers of the hospital were re
elected and so were all the committeemen
who served last year.
The following are the successful candi
dates:
Committee— Sylvain Weill, P. Cames,
O. Bozio, J. Deschamps, Jean Bergez, J.
Cuenin, E. Messager, E. A. Lemoine, F.
Fagothey, A. Ortion, L. Carraine, A. Roos,
L. Bocqueraz, F. Queyrel and J. A. Berg
erot.
Raonl Chartrey,who has a strong faction
behind him, made a hard fight to get in as
a committeeman but he was badly beaten,
running nearly 300 votes behind. Hia de
feat is accepted as a rebuff to the ag
gressive element which has heretofore at
tempted to control the society.
The physicians were elected as follows:
Dr. de Chantreau, Dr. G. Gross, Dr. Kaspar
Piflchl.
Italian-American Republican Club.
The Italian-American Republican Club was
organized last evening at Alpine Hali, Powell
and Union streets. The following officers were
elected: K. C. Palmicri, president; Faust E.
Mascherini, first vice-president; 0. Tacconi,
secoud vice-president; K. Cadenaso, third vice
president; L. G. Rabbo, fourth vice-president •
D. cuneo, fifth vice-president; V. Uardelini,
sixth vice-president; G. Cadenaso, treasurer;
F. N. Belgrano, recording secretary; (;. Pemar
tini, financial secretary. Executive committee.-
George Valerro, L. C. Pistolesi, R. Checchinl
John Sanbuck, L. Arata, P. Q Zapantini, Carlo
Molaneri, A. Galli, Joseph Meraui, S. Calori A
Quilici, G. ('unco, A. L. Bacigalupi, G. Malniedc
B. Ratto, E. C. Palmieri, V. N. iJelgraiio G
Cadenaso.
Addresses were made by Gregory Valerro, L.
G. Rabbo, E. Cadenaso, Joseph Merani, K. N.
Bclgrano, Faust E. Maschrini and others. The
membership roll was signed by 157 enthusiastic
Italians of North Beach.
Dr. Griffiths on "Ghosts."
Dr. Allen Griffiths delivered a lecture on
"Ghosts" before the Theosophieal Society last
evening at Red Men's Hall, 350 Post street.
There was a good attendance and at the con
clusion of the lecture a number of questions
touching the subject of the lecture, or some
other theosophieal theme, were asked and
ans wared.
Dr. Griffiths held that, aside from the hallu
cination and vagaries of the imagination that
iorm the base of many *host stories, there
were unquestionably many well authenticated
cases of occurrences which have been called
supernatural, but which can be explained by
a knowledge of natural laws and forces.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Ryan & Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue, •
PRETTY NURSES
WHO ENJOY LIFE.
Their Indignation Vented
Against Miss Pattern's
Order.
A FIGHT THE OUTCOME.
Dr. Stahle Sees No Wrong in
Nurses Going to Theaters
With Internes.
THEY DO NOT NEED WATCHING
But Miss Patton Insists That Propriety
Demands Earlier Hours and
Less Escorting.
When Chauncey Depew remarked, after
crossing the Oakland Ferry and registering
at the Palace Hotel, that he had not seen
a pretty woman since his arrival in Cali
fornia, every one knew at once that he had
not visited the City and County Hospital
and seen the nurses of the training school
there. There are twenty-seven of them.
Some have the melting brown eyes and
long drooping lashes of the gazelle, with
complexions just dark enough to show
that fatherly old Sol had kissed them.
Others have bewitching eyes as blue as
California's summer skies and cheeks and
lips of strawberries and cream. No wonder
so many sick men get well whwi the cold
moisture is wiped from their brows by
hands so soft, so white and so dainty.
The internes are fine-looking young
gentlemen, but there are only thirteen ol
them, an unlucky number when it is con
sidered that there are twenty-seven nurses
— just twice and one too many to go
around. Such an unnatural condition of
things must be expected to provoke dis
content on the part of the lone and left
fourteen.
Some months ago Miss Patton, superin
tendent of the training school, heard that
several of the prettiest nurses were being
escorted to and from the theaters by the
aforesaid internes, of whom Dr. Rummle
and Dr. Hull are the flower. Dr. Rummle,
however, denies that he is an escorter. Now,
while there is nothing wrong in going to
the theater and having a good time, and
while tne integrity of the pretty nurses is
above suspicion, Miss Patton thought that
the outside, world might not look upon the
matter in the same light, because theaters
seem to be connected with wine, beer,
oysters, tamales and late suppers.
Again, the hospital is so far out and the
cable-cars are so slow that on several oc
casions some of the theater parties did not
return to the hospital until long after mid
night—say 2or 3 o'clocK in the morning.
This of itself, while perfectly innocent
and meaning no harm, was looked upon
by Miss Patton as not the proper thing.
She reasoned naturally that it might lead
to gossip by outsiders which would reflect
more or less upon her management.
Hence she made an order to the effect that
the practice should be stopped.
The order came very near causing a riot.
The nurses and internes, at whom it was
aimed, protested indignantly. They con
strued the order as a reflection on their
integrity. They said that they were of
age and knew now to take care of them
selves; that they were ladies and the in
ternes gentlemen, and that so long as they
behaved themselves as ladies and associ
ated themselves with respectable people it
was not the affair of Miss Patton how they
enjoyed life after working hours. They
voted her to be a hateful old maid.
Miss Patton, who is one of the most
successful and conscientious superintend
ents on the Pacific Coast, was not to be
moved either by indignation or re
proaches. The dreamy brown eyes and
the beaming blue ones of the pretty girls
under her charge had no hypnotic effect
upon her. She was inexorable and re
fused to rescind the rule.
In the midst of their disappoint ruent
the pouting girls and frowning internes
found an ally in Mrs. Siahle, wife of the
superintendent of the hospital. She did
not think that they required to be watched.
Dr. Stable, the superintendent, did not in
terfere. In response to a request for ad
vice he said that he could not see any
thing wrong in a hospital nurse being
escorted to or from the institution by her
brother, for instance, or some other girl's
brother. He could not understand how
any one conld see any impropriety in a
nurse getting into a streetcar in which an
interne happened to be sitting and being
escorted home by him. He declared that
he would not allow in the institution a
nurse who required watching.
Having received encouragement from
such high quarters, and from the addi
tional fact that Miss Patton's order had
not been signed by the superintendent or
the Board of Health, some of the young
women availed themselves of their rights
to do as they pleased during their off
hours.
Dr. Rummle and Dr. Hull were very in
dignant over the Patton order. The for
mer declared solemnly that he had never
gone out with any of the nurses, and yet
.he is the best looking of all the internes.
Dr. Hull's language regarding Miss Pat
ton's order was so strong as to lead to the
suspicion that he was a frequent attendant
at the theaters.
It is understood that Misses Doedt, Nel
son and Morgan, the prettiest nurses in
the institution, are the leaders of the
moral revolution against Miss Patton's
order, while Misses Beasley and Pierce,
equally as handsome, champion Miss
Patton's side.
The hosDital people are divided into two
hostile forces, and much bitterness of feel
ing prevails among the anti-l'atton fac
tion. Dr. Stahle, while not condemning
the order, except indirectly, stands neu
tral.
The bad feeling culminated a day or two
ago in a lively light between a clerk and
one of the internes, the cause being gos
sip, but the details have not been made
public by the hospital authorities. Dr.
Stahle promptly suspended the offenders,
and the Board of Health will be asked to
decide upon the merits of the encounter.
Dr. Stahle, when asked yesterday as to
the internal dissension, so to speak, replied
that he thought the newspapers were too
sensational about the matter. He paid a
compliment to Miss Patton's ability as
head nurse and superintendent of the
training school.
She had given complete satisfaction.
Nobody had made any complaint of her,
and if any should be made it would be
forwarded to the Board of Health. She
had been acting in that position for more
than a year and he had never heard any
thing against her management. He had
found absolutely nothing that interfered
with the efficiency of the hospital. If
anything was wrong, he said, somebody
in the training school would make com
plaint. He had no Hesitation in saying
that the training school was more efficient
under Miss Patton's management than it
had ever besn before.
"The young women realize that we will
maintain discipline," he added. "The
Board of Health will support any and
every ofDciai in doing his or her duty. No
one has ever told me of any personal dis
like toward Miss Patton, and nobody has
complained of her. She is not a dictator,
and no nurse can be dismissed except
by me.
"Those who have complained about Miss
Patton's orders are irresponsible persons.
We don't watch any of tne nurses and we
have no nurses that need watching. When
a nurse needs watching she will be dis
charged. Miss Pat ton and the nurses and
the internes have been misrepresented in
the papers. Ihere is nothing in those
stories."
Despite Dr. Stable's making light of the
matter and disposing of it with a pooh
pooh, it is evident that he stands on a vol
cano of pent-up nurses and internes, liable
to burst forth at any moment. The fight
in the office the other day was only a pre
monitory puff of smoke out of the crater.
Date of Mitriiuiii Concerts.
Throuph a typographical error a wrong date
was eiven for the arrival of the Mormon Taber
nacle choir. It will open its series of five con
certs in this City on the 15th inst.
THEY SAW THE BIG SEALS.
Vanderbilt and Depew Visit the
Cliff House, Sutro Baths
and Heights.
Scientific Floriculture in the Park.
A Plant That Deprives One of
the Power of Speech.
Cornelius Vanderbilt and Chauncey M.
Depew may, on their return East, say that
they have seen California, for yesterday
they saw the Seal Rocks, the Cliff House ana
Sutro Baths, and any one who does not see
these cannot say he has seen California.
It was expected that they would visit
Golden Gate Park and call upon the Mayor
at his residence at Sutro Heights, but there
waa disappointment ar to the latter.
President Austin of the Park Commission
ers waited in vain for them, and the
Mayor did not receive them, as he had
been informed in reply to an invitation
telegraphed to them when they were in
Los Anjreles that want of time would pre
vent them from accenting.
Yesterday morning the two distinguished
visitors and their traveling companions
attended divine service at Grace Church,
and Mr. Vanderbilt deposited $100 on the
plate as an Easter offering, while Mr.
Depew dropped two new crisp $20 bills.
In the afternoon they were tafcen in a
closed carriage through the park and
driven to the Cliff House. They were
shown over the new structure, and then
they took a peep at the seals ana were
afterward conducted to the baths, where
they were met by Colonel T. P. Robinson,
to whom they expressed regret that time
would not permit them to visit the Mayor.
They expressed the hope, however, that he
would give Mr. Sutro their compliments.
"While they were examining the baths
Mayor Sutro entered the building,and there
was an introduction and a pleasant general
talk, after which the visitors accepted an
invitation to see the baths in all their de
tail of operation. They spent nearly an
hour in the place, examined the engine
room and the source of supply from the
ocean, after which Mr. Vanderbilt said:
"This is wonderful; it is magnificent.
There is nothing that for grandeur ap
proaches this in the world." And Mr.
Depew added, "There is but one Cliff
House and but one Sutro Baths in the
world."
The party was then driven over Sutro
Heights and shown the entrance to the
Golden Gate as seen from that point, but
declined to leave their carriage to enjoy
the Mayor's proffered hospitality, urging
lack of time, as they had to hurry to their
train.
They were then driven back through the
park, catching glimpses of it as they were
hurried through. On their return to the
hotel tuey declared that the park was a
most magnificent one, and their visit to
the ocean haa been one of the features of
their trip.
At 6 o'clock they were taken to their
train and started for Sissons to obtain a
view of Mount Shasta. They will then re
turn to Sacramento, and from there start
eastward over the Central Pacific.
'"Since the notice appeared in The Cai~
about the 'caricature plant,' " said H, L.
Holbrow, superintendent of the Golden
Gate Park conservatory, "any number of
people have visited this place to inquire
for the plants, and drring the fine days
they crowded around them discovering
the strange figures that may be seen on
each leaf."
Mr. Hoi brow has a number of wonderful
and interesting plants and flowers that he
delights to talk about. "Here," said he,
pointing to a creeping plant reaching un
der the roof of the conservatory and cov
ered -with beautiful blossoms, "is a re
markable plant, it is the Rangoon creeper
of India. Those beautiful clusters of flow
ers that you see oven in the morning and
then they are a pure white, but as the day
advances they assume a delicate rose tinge,
which increases gradually as does the blush
hat mantles the cheek of a maiden, and
as the day wanes they take on a deep crim
son hue that then never changes. That
other creeper with those bell-shaped, largo
yellow flowers is from Brazil and is called
the Allamanda Schottii. It is the most
beautiful of all creepers. Then there is
the fragrant Stephanalis overjour heads,
that is one one of the most delicate of
blossoms.
"But here," said the superintendent,
pointing to a number of iilants in pots
that no one would scarce spend a moment
to look at, "is a wonderful growth. It is
the Duffebachia Nobillis, or the dumb
cane of Brazil. The remarkable feature of
this plant is that any one who bites one of
its stalks is almost instantly bereft of the
power of speech. Is the loss permanent?
No; the juice tliat flows when an incision
is made touches t.lie lips and tongue and
causes an inflammation which lasts three
or four days, during whicn time the vic
tim is unable to utter a word."
During the week the following contribu
tions have been made to the Park Mu
seum:
From J. H. Neff of Colfax, the head and
horns of a cariboo trom British Columbia;
Mrs. \V. 11. Voorhees of this City, a pioneer
campaign silk badge, Freemont and Dayton,
185b; J. L. Bardwell of ibis City, «. very rare
piece of white coral from Korea, an alabaster
cup, a dozen very old arrow-points, an obsid
ian used by the 'Aztecs; Eduard Causton, Xor
walk, Los Angeles County, ostrich plumes and
eggs; W. Huckmeier of this City, a young sea
otter; W. F. Wehl of Athens, H. V., a collec
tion of egg's from Ga'nsville. Tex.; Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Mayer, a case of stuffed birds.
Despite the rain there was a good at
tendance at Sutro Baths yesterday, more
than 1500 visiting there during the after
noon. More than half the visitors took a
plunge in the big bath.
NEW TO-PAT— PRTGOODS.^^^^
FRENCH
DRESS FABRICS!
Spring 1896!
—
On Monday, April 6th, we will show a
most elegant collection of PARIS NOVEL-
TIES in COLORED DRESS FABRICS and
invite an early inspection of the varied
styles on exhibition. The assortment in-
cludes MOHAIR DIAGONALS, PERSIAN
NOVELTIES, BAYADERE ETA MINE,
GLACE DIAGONALS, URSULINE MO-
HAIRS and DRESDEN NOVELTIES.
-£== — SPECIAL ! — f=s-
-2 cases 50-inch ALL-WOOL BEIGE MIXTURES, Summer
colorings ■ ■ ■ " " ■ Price, 75c per yard
■ s=: SPECIAL! :=!■
2 cases 46 inch ALL-WOOL IMPORTED CHEVIOT SERGES
(new Spring shades) - - Price, $1.00 per yard
-zee* — SPECIAL !—^
1 case 47-inch ALL-WOOL FREEH MOHAIR SIIITISGS,
solid colors, new tones ■ ■ Price, $1.50 per yard
df- Samples sent upon application.
jy- Country orders receive prompt attention.
£V" Goods delivered free in San Rafael, Sausallto, Bllth«-
-dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
TELEPHONE IVT^SI-XISJ 3777.
■ ■
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
H^tfl^S 89 Ej Vp Hb luwVa tZjT
Dniiicy
DUIfCiN
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Red wines ought to be
drank at a temperature of
about 55 degrees Fahrenheit.
Howell mountain, Johan-
nisberger riesling isn't good
warm but mighty fine served
cold.
We want you to know it;
bears acquaintance, helps
build our reputation as
judges of good things to eat
and drink.
Howell mountain riesling
regular $1 00 gal 65c
regular 75c gal ....45c
Lazeran boneless sardines
1 4 tins, regular 25c tin 20c
best oil best lish best everything
Mandarin Nectar tea
regular 60c lb ......45c
each tea has a distinct character, like
humans, several blended make a perfect
nectar, more pleasing to most tastes than
one alone.
. Also 2V 3 cannUter net weight.... $1 25
Trial packet. ; 10c
Dundee orange marmalade
regular 23c stone jar . . 17iAc
made from Seville oranges by Janies
Keiller & -Son, Scotland.
Butter, sweet creamery
5quare........ :........... 35
The kind yon want when there's company
and when there isn't.
Corn . ioc
Meadow brand, Eastern, tender, nutritious
Did you ever have good breakfast when
the coffee was poor?
If you can get better food now than you
could live years ago, 1 you've us to thank.
Mail orders executed carefully.
Catalogue free.
432 Pine Telephone Main l
215 Sutter « Main ill
2800 California « West 101
lOTS Clay; Oakland « Maim
DENTAL PARLORS TO LET.
A CHANCE FOR A DENTIST: OCCUPIED
for the past 20 years by a first-class dentist.
Location first-class. 821 Kearny st., upstairs.- For
further particulars apply to 705" Davis street.
"HE THAT WORKS EASILY WORKS SUC-
CESSFULLY." 'TIS VERY EASY TO
CLEAN HOUSE WITH
SAPOLIO
I We uK3f 9 S3n b | Mb A j ft j I ■ W
Signature is printed In o'^Jj
BLUE diagonally «4/J^
across the '  £ s*]'
OUTSIDB (I V/^\^>
wrapper /Mp/'V'i'
■rl/J" / 'of every
/ T / bottle of
i■> H • y/ (the Original
i! i: h}* / and Genuine)
I I %sLt/ \Worcestershlro
SAUCE
As a further protection against '
all imitations. . -
r Agents for the United State*.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. nTy.
for'
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.00
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bull
724 Market St. ' 1110 £ 1112 Market M.
SAN FRANCISCO.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OK THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
' OPKX UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
-4ZARNYSI'
TS THE VKUV BKSX o>K TO KXAMTNK
J. your eyes and tit tnem to spectacles and Ey».
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
wfcose superiority has not been equaled. My «uo'
cess has been due to the merits of my work
' Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. m. ;*™!r