VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 24.
DESPERATION OF DEMOCRACY
Must Down the Doctrine
Established by Grover
Cleveland.
SO SAYS GOV. ALTGELD
AT PEORIA.
Reptfclicans and Gold Advocates
Assailed in the Illinois
Convention.
BIMETALLISM IS DEMANDED
BY ITS ADVOCATES.
But the Sentiment of the Sucker State
Is Not Unanimous in Wisconsin,
Ohio, Indiana and Texas.
PEORIA, 111., June 23.— These are the '
principal planks of the platform adopted i
this evening by the Democratic State Con- ;
vention, which met here to-day:
We favor the soundest and safest money 1
known to man, and as experience has shown |
that this consists of both gold and silver, with
equal rights of coinage and full legal tender
power, we demand the repeal of that Republi
can and plutocratic legislation which de
monetized silver and reduced it to the basis
of token money, destroying by half the stock
of real money, and by doubling the work to be
done by gold doubled its purchasing power so
that the farmers and producers had to give
twice as much work to get a dollar as they
formerly had, and found it hard to meet their ;
debts, interest, taxes and fixed charges, which
were not lowered. In this way the market for !
those things which the mechanic and laborer
made was destroyed, and the factories had to
Ehut down.
But by this taking out of the commercial '
world one half of its blood, industry and trade i
have been paralyzed and idleness and misery
spread over the. civilized world. With richest ;
natural resources, with a most industrious,
frugal and enterprising population, and with
the most Abundant harvest.-, our people are !
in distress. Three per cent of our population ;
own over half the wealth of this Republic j
and almost the only men who prosper are the '
bond sharks and the men who fatten off the
misery of their country. These are conditions ,
under which republican institutions cannot
long endure.
We believe in the greatness and patriotism,
of the American people; in their energy, in
dustry and thrift; and that such a people,
with the unlimited resources of our land, are
strong enough to sustain a monetary system
without the aid of foreign governments. We
believe the benefits of the independence which ;
ire fr«in«d « hundred rears ago — the - war for j
which was initiated upon a matter of tribute
should not be lost by yielding vassalage, to a
monetary system preferred by other govern- j
ments.
We believe bimetalliism, which has dove the I
Horacs Boies of lowa, Who Will Be Backed by Many Silver Democrats of the East for the
Presidential Nomination.
The San Francisco Call.
j work of the world since the dawn of civiliza
tion, and wuich was made the basis of the
monetary system by Hamilton and Jefferson,
is absolutely necessary at piesent to the pros
perity of mankind and ihnt its re-establish
ment will check the present business paralysis,
will give to the country a saie and honest cur
rency of adequate volume, will restore prices
of agricultural commodities, will encourage
enterprise and give onr people steady and prof
j itable employment. Having learned through
i bitter experience that Wall street has con-
I trolled the financial legislation at Washington,
; mill knowing that every <.'ffort will be made to
J defeat the will of the people, we deem it pioper
to be explicit in our declarations.
Actuated by the foregoing principles and
• desiring the prosperity of the people, we de
! mand the immediate restoration of the free
! and unlimited coinage of both gold and silver
a> standard money at the ratio of Hi ounces of
silver to 1 ounce of god, of equal fineness,
with full leeal ten ter power to >?ach metal,
without waiting for or depending on any
other nation on earth; and the delegates from
! this convention to the National Democratic
Convention are instructed to use all honorable
means to secure a similar declaration by said
' National Convention and to support only such
men for the Presidency as are in full and pro
nounced sympathy with these principles.
We are also opposed to the contraction of the
I currency by the retirement of any part of the
! present outstanding treasury notes.
We favor a tariff for revenue only, and de
clare that the Government should collect no
more taxes than are necessary to defray the
j expenses of the Government, honestly and
i economically administered.
We are unalterably opposed to the revival of
any such monstrosity in legislation as th,atact
of Congress which was known as the McKin
ley law, which for the fiscal year ending June
■ 3u, 1894, produced a deficit in the United
States treasury of $70,000,000, uuder which
wages were greatly lowered, and which gave
, proprietors a monopoly, while it permitted
them to fill their shops with the cheapest kind
! of cheap labor, brought from all parts of the
: earth.
We demand the abolition of government by
injunction, that new form of oppression and
weapon of the money power never Detore heard
of among men, whereby a Federal Judge at
; once became a legislator. Judge and executor.
It i.« absolutely destructive ol republican in
stitutions; it robs the American people of the
right of trial by jury and of hII the protection
by the constitution. The arbitrary interfer
ence on the part Of the Federal Government
in local affairs by ignoring lawful authorities
'■ is not only a violation of the constitution of
i the United States, but a crime against free
! government, aud is destructive of the very
'• foundations of democratic and republican in
stitutl
We call attention to the fact that the Ka
| tional Republican Convention, recently in ses-
Bioa at St. Louis, was absolutely dominated by
; those men who devour the substance of others,
' and by those influences which have been so
prolific of corruption in all branches of the
j public service. That convention yielded to
the iron hand of the barons of monopoly and
nominated as President the author of the most
iniquitous tariff bill ever enacted, and, bowing
down to the money power, declared in favor
oi a single gold standard.
We favor an amendment to the Federal con-
I stitution permitting the levying and collect
j ing of an income tOK.
The delegates from this convention to the
| National Democratic Convention are In
structed to support only snch men for trie
Presidency as are In full and pronounced
| sympathy with the declarations of this plat
! form, and the delegates to the National Con
! ventiou are instructed to vote upou all mat
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1896.
THE ANXIOUS HEN AND THE WAYWARD GOSLINGS.
ters, including nominations for candidates, as
a unit.
This is the State ticket:
Governor, John P. Altgeld.
Lieutenant-Governor, Monroe C. Craw
ford.
Secretary of State, Filis F. Downing.
Auditor of State, W. F. Beck.
State Treasurer, Edward C. Pace.
Attorney-General, George A. Trude.
There were in the neighborhood of seven
thousand delegates and visitors in attend
ance when State Chairman Hinrichson
called the State Democratic Convention to
order in the immense Tabernacle, which
was crowded to the doors with visitors,
anxious to witness the successful culmina
tion of the effort to commit the Demo
cracy of Illinois to the free silver creed— a
policy which was inaugurated in a special
convention of the party held at Springfield
over a year ago for the consideration of
the financial question. The thoroughness
with which the silver legions have swept
the State may be judged from the fact that
less than fifty "sound money" delegates
have seats in the convention.
The usual committees were appointed
by the convention at its initial session to
day, and although the body has not as yet
formally committed itself, it is a foregone
conclusion that free silver resolutions will
be adopted and free silver candidates
selected to the National Convention.
Alexander Hamilton Bell of Uarlinville,
the temporary, chairman, spoke as follows:
"The "Republican National Convention
last week, dominated by the northeastern
Continued cm Second I'fige.
"WE ARE GOING TO
CARRY CALIFORNIA,"
Samuel M. Shortridge and John
D. Spreckels Predict Re
publican Success.
PROTECTION THE FIRST ISSUE.
When Prosperity Is R turned the
Money Question Will Soon
Be S ived.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 23.— Two j
I prominent Republicans from the Pacific j
Slope are at the Hoffman House. They j
■ are John D. Spreckels, member of the Re- i
publican National Committee, from San j
Francisco, and Samue! M. Shortridge of '
| the same State. Sho-tr'dge is one of the;
'. jounger mßn :n the Ko publican party i.i :
I the far West and is an aggressive fighter. |
j He is a candidate for the United States |
j Senate and many of his friends think he
i will succeed Senator Perkins.
"We are going to carry California for
the Republican narty upon the platform
adopted at St. Louis, 1 ' said Shortridge yis
terday. "In our State Convention we de- [
dared for MeKiniey and free coinage. We
got McKinley at St. Louis, bat we did not
get free coinage. Half a loal is better than
no bread and we are going to take off our j
coats to fight for the ticket, and while it •
may be a tremendous fight, yet I think I
can say confidently that the State will go
Republican.
"Protection ia the great issue. Califor
nia is not a silver-producing State. Her
mines are gold n>ines, but. her great indus
try, the one that employs more men than
all others, is agriculture. California is for
i free silver, perhaps, first, on account of
| sympathy with other neiehboring States;
| second, she is for free silver because she
i believes that free coinage will do much to
j mitigate the ills that the country has suf
! fered.
"I contend, and I believe tnat I am
right, that the proper solution of the
money question is through protection.
What we want to do first is to start the
mills going and open the workshops that
are now closed. After we once have em
ployment for the time then it is time to
talk about the dollar they earn. I believe
that McKinley will be elected."
John D. Spreckels. who defeated M. H.
de Young for the place on the National
Committee, is also confident that the Re
publican party will carry California. He
says that protection means more to the
people of California than free coinage
does and that he thinks they wiil fight it
out for protection first and then keep on
the battle for an international bimetallic
agreement. Both he and Mr. Shortridge
think that such an agreement is to be
effected some day.
Senator Squire of Washington came to
the Fifth Avenue Hotel yesterday. The
Senator is from a free coinage State and
he was thoughtful when asked about the
situation. He professed a wish not to en
ter into details of the situation, but did
say that he, as a Republican, would sup
port McKinley and Hobart. He believed
bis State would remain within the Repub
lican column.
HANNA VISITS McKINLEY.
Members of the Notification Com
mittee Will Wait Upon the Stand
ard-Bearer Next Monday.
CANTON, Ohio, June 23.— Major Me-
Kinley met his famous manager, Mr.
Hanna,ve?terday for the first time since the
triumphant conclusion of his labors of the
past six months at St. Louis last Thurs
day. Tnere was nothing theatrical nor
demonstrative about it, neither of the
gentlemen being inclined to exhibit emo
tion even under the most trying condi
tions.
Mr. Hanna came down on the Valley
Railroad in his private car, accompanied
by Mrs. Hanna, Hon. Henry Clay Evans
of Chattanooga, Term., Mr. Hobart's most
formidable opponent for the second place
on the ticket nominated at St. Louis;
Colonel and Mrs. Fred D. Grant of New
York; W. M. Osborne, a cousin of the
major's and ex-Police Commissioner of
Boston, and Mewsrs. Myron T. Herrick and
Sylvester Everett of Cleveland.
Major McKinley was- at the station and
he met his guests in the car. The greet
ing to and from Mr. Hanna was marked
with a cordial grasp of the bands. The
major said, "I am glad to see you," and
Mr. Hanna responded, "Major, I am glad
to see you." Alighting, Major McKin
ley took Mrs. Hanna, Mrs. Grant and Mrs.
Evans with him in the family carriage,
and, drawn by the staid old white horse,
they proceeded sedately and securely to
the house. The gentlemen utilized public
conveyances.
Mr. Evans was his usual frank, enter
taining self, and responded readily to the
suggestion of an interview.
"What do you think of the ticket now
that it does not include the name of
Evans?" he was asked.
"I think it is a first-rate combination,"
was his hearty answer, "and a sure win
ner. It will go well in our part of the
country."
"Is there any chance for carrying Ten
nessee? 1 '
"Indeed there is; much more than a
fighting chance, too. Our Governorship
contest will give us votes. The Democrats
nominated Bob Taylor as the only man
they could possibly elect. He served two
terms and made a very popular Governor.
He cannot point to a single measure in
augurated during his four years' adminis
tration which benefited the people in the
least, while we can specify several abuses
which oric mated in that period. Possibly
the worst of these is what is known as
'the county back-tax attorney' law. That j
provides for the appointment of an attor- j
ney, 07 one ?o-caJled -t ieast, in each
of the ninety-six counties of the State,
who are authorized to institute suit for
the recovery of unpaid back taxes. It has
proved to be a very burdensome law. In I
Shelby County, where the nephev; of Sen- j
ator Harris was appointed, the fees of the i
attorney this year, I am told, will amount j
to over $50,000."
After lunch Mr. Hanna came out on the !
porch with the other visitors and chatted
most affably with the newspaper men who
made that their cam pins place.
"Anything important bring you down
here to-day?" was asked Mr. Hanna by
the United Press representative.
"No, I can't say there was," he replied.
"I returned from the convention only j
j Saturday and naturally wanted to see |
Major McKinley at the first convenient
opportunity. That was to-day."
"What about the committee on notifica
tion?"
"The members will gather in Cleveland
I and leave there by special train next Mon
! day morning for Canton, returning later
in the day. The speeches will be made
early, so that the ceremony can be con
cluded by lunch."
HENRY OF NAVARRE, AUGUST BEIMONT'S KING OF THE AMERICAN TURF.
At SheeFshcad Bay yesterday this great thoroughbred won the thirteenth Suburban handicap,
with Griffin up and carrying top weight. He is conceded by all good judges to be the peer of any
horse that ever won this historic event.
BOIES OR BLAND WILL LEAD,
"Have yon selected the members of the
executive committee^?" *'
"I cannot say that the selections are all
made, but I am at work on the subject
and will announce the names in a few
days. . I may say that all publication of
names in connection with the composi
tion of the committee have been wholly
unauthorized." ;"»..-» v -
"There has been much said about the
financial plank ' of the platform, Mr.
Hanna, and the reason for its adoption in
its present form. What have you to
say?"
■ "Only this, that the assertion that it
was in any sense forced upon ; the com
mittee or convention by the delegates
from the East or any particular part of
the East is untrue."
"Then it is satisfactory to you?"
"Personally speaking, entirely so."
"What shape or direction will the cam
paign take, tariff or finance?'.'
"Oh, it will be strongly tariff ; you may j
be sure of that."
• Later Mr.' Hanna was closeted with Mr. j
McKinley, remaining with him until train
time. While these visitors were at the
house they were joined by W. M. Hahn of
Mansfield, formerly member of the Na
tional Committee from Ohio, and Colonel
Henry I. Kowalsky, a delegate from San
Francisco, en route to Pittsburg, where he
will address the ratification meeting to be
held in Carnegie Hall. The colonel takes
a ' roseate view of the situation in the
West.
"California," he said, "is vitally inter
ested in the maintenance of the principles -,
of protection and upon that issue the Re- i
publican party will triumphantly carry !
the State. The money question will cut
no important figure. X think the condi- j
tion of things in Colorado warrants me in |
saying that Wolcott will defeat Teller and
that the Centennial State will remain in
the Republican column. I have talked ■
with Major McKinley and he is of the !
opinion that several of the silver States, j
so called, can be carried this year on the
protective tariff argument.
Mr. Hahn spoke in the same strain.
"You have to make your campaign," he
said, "upon your whole platform. This j
year it is protection and sound money, |
and by that we will win. The people nor- j
mated McKinley and the people will elect
him. Every man who carries a tin pail —
and we must have them to win — is ■ think- j
ing of the tariff as the aeeney which con- !
trols the condition of affairs and makes it
possible for him to keep his dinner pail I
rilled, or prevents him from filling it."
A delegation of 250 citizens from Zanes- ;
ville and Muskingum County visited Ma- <
jor McKinley to-night and in greeting \
them he said:
"We have had some experience in the
last three years and a half. Experienc?
has superseded prophecy and cold facts
! have taken the place of prediction. We
i all Know more than we knew three years
! and a half. 3,8:0, aud«,weara.a.lL ready and
I • anxious to get back to the psriod of 1892,
when this country was enjoying its high
! est prosperity, with : the largest domestic
. ; trade it ever enjoyed, and the largest for
eign trade with the nations of the world,
i We want to get back to that policy, my
I fellow citizens, which will give to us work
and wages, give to agriculture a home
I market and a good foreign market, which
i • was opened up by reciprocity legislation '
of the Republican party. We have come
to appreciate that protective tariffs are
• better than idleness and that wise tariff :
legislation is more business-like than debts !
I ami deficiencies, and all feel the sooner we
i can change that policy which increases !
J the debts of the Government to the policy i
| of 'paying as we go.' the sooner we will
i reach individual and National prosperity.
And, my countrymen, there is another
thing the people are determined upon,
! and that is that a lull day's work must be
j paid in a full dollar." [Cries of "Good"
an<l loud cheers.]
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 23.— M. A.
Hanna said this evening that he had not
I yet selected the secretary of the National
Committee, and refused to say whether it
would be Major Dick, his private secretary.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
But There Are to Be Many-
Other Candidates at
Chicago.
CHOSEN SONS OF THE
STATES.
Much Oratory in Order When
the Nominations fcr Presi
dent Are Made.
A VERY LONG CONVENTION
PROMISED.
Proposed Policy of the Gold Men to
Divide the Field as Much as
Possible.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 23.—Poli
ticians are now figuring that the Chicago
convention will be in session ten days or
two weeks. They believe that the matter
' of a platform will not take up much time
j after the convention gets to work. The
I platform, if there is no change in the pro
j gramme of the silver men, will not be
| long, not half so long as that of the St.
I Louis convention. The tariff will be
I touched lightly and if there is anything
' like a straddle anywhere it will be on this
question. But judging from the present
■ outlook no candidate for the Presidential
', nomination will have as much as 150 votes
! to start.
Boies or Bland will lead. It will be a
great day of oratory when the time for
nominations is reached, and there will be
so many candidates that a long time will be
I consumed in placing them in nomination.
i lowa will present Boies, Missouri will put
i forward the name of "Silver Dick" Bland,
Indiana will present Matthews, Ohio will
say Campbell is her favorite, Stevenson
■ will be put up by delegates from different
' States, California wiil present the name of
| Senator White, South Carolina will show
I up with the name of Tillman, some of the
j silver men will agree to put Teller in
j nomination, Kentucky will enthusiasti
j caily present Blackburn, Pattison will be
I the choice of Pennsylvania, Russell will
1 be presented by some of the New England
; men, Wnitney and Carlisle will find
friends, and there are Senator Gorman,
Senator Morgan, Senator Harris, Governor
Altgeld and a large number of possibili
'< ties. In fact, the field will be an unlim
itWi o'»o, arid it woukl not be saie to picfc
! the favorite and place money on him
| against the field.
it is said that it will be the policy of tha
gold-standard men to divide the field as
much as possible. They will have three
or four men in nomination and will scat
ter their votes until it is seen that the sil
ver men are beginning to concentrate on
a certain man; then they will go to the
man most likely to receive votes from the
silver delegates. Campbell is said to be
the man selected to make the last race
against the strongest silver candidate.
His popularity among Southern men may
make him a formidable candidate. If
Campbell is not the most available man
there is Stevenson, and a last rosort may
find Morrison in the race. He did not
say in his recent telegram that he did not
want his name presented at Chicago. He
simply asked that nothing be done to
secure the indorsement of the Illinois con
vention for .iim.
It is said here that there is no likelihood
that Campbell will get the full vote of
Ohio. The full fledged silver men there
like the Governor well enough personally
and as a Democrat, but they think his
conversion to silver is only partial. This2
is the opinion of almost every Ohio silver
man who cornea to Washiogtou, many of
them Governor Campbell's warmest friends
and some of tbem his supporters. .It fe
estimated that he cannot poll more Than
one-third of the delegation at any time.
It has been reported here for some time that
John R. McLean offered his support to
Campbell some time ago, and that it was
accepted. Later it was stated that some
of the same men who had induced Gov
ernor Campbell to remain in the race went
to Mr. McLean and asked him to allow
the use of his name jor first place. Mr.
McLean declined and announced that he
would support Campbell. The story is
given on the authority of a number of re- |
fcponsible men, but may be one of the idle
ruruers floating around. Mr. McLean will
be a power in the Ohio delegation, and if
lie is supporting Campbeil the latter will
be fortunate.
The Vice-Presidential nomination is
also going to be eagerly sought after. Mr.
McLean's friends are pushing him with
vigor. Many of the Presidential possibili
ties named will be available for second
place when they have been knocked out
for tirst. Senator Daniels, Senator Bacon
of Georgia. Representative Bailey, Senator
elect Money, Governor Stone of Missouri
and a host of others are in line.
C. C. Carltox.
REPLIES TO WHITNEY.
Wharton Barker Says the Ex-Sec
retary's Statement Is Misleading
and Fallacious.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 23.— Wharton
Barker has written a reply to the state
ment of the Hon. William C. Whitney
which was published Monday. Mr. Bar
ker claims that:
•Mr. Whitney's statements are so mis
.eadin^ and fallacious that they realiy
should not go unchallenged. It is fortu
nate that he represents so few of the
members of tne Democratic party who en
tertain the Fielief to which he gives ex
pression. The people have been misled
and deceived too long. They have be
lieved, hoped and doubted, the condition
growing gradually from bad to worse,
until the conviction has settled upon them
that they have been used by such men as
Mr. Whitney, not in the advancement of
the interests of the people at large, but
merely as a part of a ereat piece of ma
chinery to further their own selfish ends.
His appeal will be of no avail. Cleveland
could not stem the tide with ail the power
of office at his command ; Whitney cannot
do it, even though backed by the combined
wealth of England.
"Mr. Whitney declares that we must re
main subservient to Great Britain; that
we must not think of restoring bimetal
lism until the British Government, con
trolled by the creditor classes, expresses a
willingness to co-operate with us to that
end. No steps must be taken to restore
bimetallism until we have the consent and
approval of those who, prompted by self
ish motives and by the hope of enrich-
ment and self-aguandisement at the ex
pense of the producing classes, have
advocated the gold standard with the
avowed purpose of doubling the burden of
ail debts."
Continuing, Mr. Barker says:
"Surely it is folly to wait for those who !
benefit from an appreciating dollar to co- 1
operate with us in restoring bimetallism.
It is true that in the long run the im
moral is often the expedient, and that j
goil monometallism, if persisted in, will
end in the inability of debtors to pay
either interest or principal. But the j
creditor classes of Great Britain will never j
advocate bimetallism until they have sue- ;
ceeded in confiscating the property of all ,
their debtors. Then, as owners of prop- I
erty, their interests will be in restoring j
bimetallism and raiding prices, but not
before.
"If we wait upon Great Britain we will
wait until the property of our industrial
classes has been confiscated by foreign
money lenders, until our producing
classes have become bankrupt and reduced
to poverty, misery and despair and until
the foreign bondholders who lay tribute
upon them have given place to foreign
landlords ready to lay tribute upon us in
a new role.
'Mr. Whitney tells us that any move on
our part to lilt the yoke of vassalage to
(ireat Britain ana free our producing
classes from the owners tiibute that now
rests upon them must end in disaster;
that any attempt on our part to do away
with the 200 cent dollar that is capping our
vitality must end in disaster.
"The truth is disaster can only be
averted by doing away with this 200 cent
dollar. The alternative that confronts us is
not sound money or disaster, but free coin
age or bankruptcy. Unless we open our
mints to silver, check the appreciation of
cold and free our producing classes
from the owner's tribute to the creditor
classes of Great Britain which the appre
ciating gold standard lays upon them,
bankruptcy is inevitable.
"We pay the interest on our foreign
debt to our British creditors by exports of
commodities bold in England. The higher
the prices we get the lighter will be the
burdens of our indebtedness, and the open
ing of our mints to silver will enable our
producers to get higher prices. How?
Simply because the increased demand for
silver caused by opening our mints to sil
ver and the decreased demand for gold,
due to the throwing upon silver equally
with gold the burden of effecting our ex
chanees and supporting our credit tabric,
would cause the gold price of silver to rise
until the parity between gold and silver at
the old ratio would be restored. And just
as silver rose, the cost to all gold-using
peoples buying in silver-using countries,
and paying with silver, would rise with
the gold price in silvr or silver exchange,
which they have to buy and send in settle
ment for purchases made in said coun
tries.
"So, just as silver rose, the British
trader would turn to us to make the pur
chases of cotton and wheat and other
produce he has bought in ever-enlarging
volume since the demonetization of silver
from countries in which gold is at a pre
mium as measured in their currencies.
Consequently, the price our producers
could demand for th<-ir products would
increase, and just as the prices received
for our exports rose, the burden of our
indebtedness would be lightened."
BARKER'S LITTLE BOOM.
It Will Be Launched by Judge
Washburn at a Siiver Meeting
In New York.
PHiLADKLPHIA, Pa., June 23.-The
boom of Wharton Barker, the Phila
delphia banker and editoi of the Ameri
can, was started this afternoon by Judge
J. M. Washburn of Colorado, a prominent
member of the Denver bar and one of the
leaders of the silver forces in the West.
Judge Washburn is stopping in the city.
He came East a few days ago to open a
silver Presidential campaign, and intends
to tight side by side with Mr. Barker until
the latter is made a Presidential candidate.
The Judge is making arrangements with
"Joe" Blackburn of Kentucky for a big
silver meeting of young men to take place
in New York, possibly within a week,
'"hen the Barker boom will be pushed
along with a rush. In an interview to
day Judge Washburn said:
"It is no detriment to any other man to
arrirni that in the variety and grasp of Mr.
Barker's mind and qualification he would
a President that would honor the
Republic, return to the first principles of
the constitution and administer the Gov
ernment in the interests of liberty and of
the people of the Government, as has not
been done for a long time.
"Nominated and sustained by the bi
metallists of the country, rejecting the
novel heresy of gold monometallism and
the delusive catch words of 'sound money'
and advocating the return to the money
of the constitution for eight years, Mr.
Barker will surely be elected. I do not
hesitate to afh'rm that Mr. Barker is the
very man that auswers to the peculiar
exigencies of the greatest crisis of the
Nation, in which is again before the peo
ple the great struggle of independence
from the domination of English feudalism
in the form of money and aristocracy."
GROVER NOT A CANDIDATE
Attorney-General Harnon Declares
the President Would Not Run
for Another Term.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 23.—Attor
ney-General Harmon left for Washington
this afternoon. He was asked if President
Cleveland would run for another term.
"Certainly not," he replied. "There
never was a time, so I believe, since his
present term as President that he ever had
the least idea of being a candidate again,
and 1 am confident that under no circum
stances would he accept a renoiuination."
"Who will be the Democratic candidate
and what will tho Democrats do?"
"I have not the least idea, have you?
I don't think the silver men will stand
mucn chance."
"Who would be a desirable candidate on
he silver platform?"
"Well, I am not much of a politician
and haven't paid much attention to these
matters, but I suppose Boies or Bland
could stand consistently."
"General, do you anticipate an early so
lution of the Cuban questidn?"
"We have experienced great difficulty
in obtaining accurate information from
that country, with which we have no good
communication. That is the reason the
President sent General Fitzhueh Lee to
the island. lam not acquainted with any
developments that may have been made
since 1 left home."
DESPERATION
OF DEMOCRACY.
Cbntinudl from I"tiu J'uge.
section of the Union, declared for a single
gold standard. The great States of the
West, under the leadership of Henry M.
Teller, withdrew from the convention.
What will our National Convention do?
Will the East control its action and write
its platform? Rest assured that it will ex
haust every effort to do so. If they fail in
effort, will they remain loyal to party or
will they bolt? I don't know, but I would
have our National Convention declare its
purpose fearlessly and explicitly and let
those bolt who wilL"
When the temporary chairman asked
who should lead the people out of bondage
there were great shouts of "Boies," fol
lowed by cries ot '-Bland." Somebody
yelled "Teller," at which there was great
confusion, with cries of "No." The great
eat demonstration came when the speaker
proceeded to express hope that God would
forgive them for their share in the last
election of Grover Cleveland. A hurricane
of cheers came from every part of the
great hail. When it subsided there were
yells of "Say it over again I" "Hit him
again!" '"Tell the reporters to put that
down," followed by another round of ap
plause. Altogether the demonstration of
antagonism to the President was very pro
nounced.
Coats, vests, collars and suspenders were
discarded by most oi the delegates when
the convention reassembled at 3 o'clock,
and for nearly five hours thereafter 7000
people contributed toward making the
tabernacle a seething furnace. Hon.
Charles K. Ladd was presented as perma
nent chairman, and made a fierce address,
in which he said the West was ready to
ilght the torch of liberty that would shine
over the continent and to swear by the
Goddess of Liberty that present conditions
I should exist no longer.
The committee on resolutions not being
• ready to report, two hours of speech mak
i ing were in order. Ex-Congressman N. E.
Worthington of Peoria declared the East
ern golabues were responsible for 40-cent
wheat and $10 horses, but there was a sen
i timent brewing in the West that would
paralyze them.
Just as the speaker was concluding Gov
| ernor Altgeld made his appearance on the
platform and was given a tremendous
ovation. On being presented he spoke at
I iength.
'"'Four years ago," the Governor began,
! "our people met under brighter skies. The
! country was tired of that governmental
policy which made the few mighty and
the many poor. In Illinois the people re
belled at the interference of the State in
the personal affairs of the individual.
We promised democratic government in
| National affairs and a business adminis
tration in State affairs. The people took
us at our word and they gave us their con
fidence and we swept the country by such
a majority that fidelity to Democratic
principles would have insured supremacy
for a quarter of a century.
''But, before the inaugural festivities
had ceased at Washington, the head of the
new administration sought strange gods
and espoused alien principles. He called
into his councils prophets who knew not
Democracy or ti.e tenets of its fathers.
Our people were asked to bow to altars
which they had been taught to abhor. The
interests of money were placed above
those of humanity. Organized greed was
fed with golden spoons while the cry of
the husbandman was unheeded and the
sweat of the toiler brought him no bread.
"It soon became apparent," he con
tinued, "that the new administration was
trying to displace the Republicans in their
principles and place its feet on their
ground. Then came defeat to the Demo
cratic party. Some reaction was to be ex
pected after \*'sl because of the necessary
disappointments in office seeking and be
cause of the hard times. But this reac
tion would have been short in duration if
any sympathy had been shown for the
suffering masses. All might have been
well if the administration had respected
republican institutions and not used its
great powers to increase the burdens of
our people for the benefit of foreign and
Eastern Shylocks.
"But," the Governor asserted, "the peo
ple are beginning to gain new courage.
First one and then another repudiated the
golden calf which 'the sons of Mammon'
had set up in the East and which ail men
had been ordered to bow to on penalty of
social and political death."
He said that if all the men who thought
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
alike on the great questions of the day
would stand together the hirelings of
plutocracy would be routed. Tne Governor
then turned his attention to some of those
influential party leaders whose advice had
been followea, with the result that the
Democratic party was neutral on almost
every subject, and every great issue had
to be straddled for fear of losing votes. In
order to win ti.e party must take a decided
stand on the great questions. The people
must be shown with distinctness what they
are to expect for their votes.
"If we once do this," the speaker con
tinued, "and once chow the people that
we are in earnest, no power in this land
can prevent our shaping the policy and
guiding the destinies of the republic; for
there are more men who believe in Demo
cratic doctrines to-day than ever before in
the history of this country. The harvest
is ours if we will only show that we are
honest husbandmen."
Reserving a discussion of the monetary
question for a later stage of his address,
the Governor next devoted his attention to
the tariff question. He said the subject
was an old one and one with which the
people could no longer be deceived. The
probabilities were that neither party
would make any radical change in the
present tariff. A high tariff, he claimed,
always contributed to build up the tew at
the expense of the many. It protects the
proprietor, but not the laborer, for while it
checks the importation of goods it cannot
prevent the importation of cheap labor
from all over the earth. The degredation
and poverty of the European laborer, he
said, were in exact proportion to the height
of the tariff or import duties. The speaker
went into the history of the question to
some extent to support his views and
pointed to the McKinley law as a com
plete illustration "ot the supreme folly of
an exceedingly high tariff."
The money question was next referred
to. Between 1873 and 1880 this country
and all of the nations of Europe by law
destroyed one-half of the redemption
money of the world and reduced by fully
one-half the annual addition to the stock
of money of the world. Silver wDen used
at all was put on the basis of j»aper money.
The effect of this was to double the work
which gold had to do and by doubing its
importance its purchasing power was
doubled. It made 200 cent dollars; so
that on the average it took twice as much
of commodities and of property to get
$100 as it formerly did. As the debts, in
terest, taxes and other fixed charges were
not reduced, it took nearly everything
which the farmer and the producing
classes generally could scrape together to
meet the fixed charges. They had no
money left to purchase the comforts of
life. Their purchasing power was pone.
This destroyed the trade of the merchant
and soon foiced the factories to shut
down; there being no markets for what
tne laborer made he had to go idle, so that
the producer, the merchant and the laborer
were all in distress.
"The conditions," he continued, "are
getting worse and worse every day and
there can be no great prosperity in Europe
and this country until the wrong that pro
duced this distress has been righted. As
it was done by the arbitrary act of the
Government, so it must be undone by the
Government. As the Democratic party
represents the great toiling and producing
masses it must take the lead in the undo
ing of the wrong. The Democratic party
must speak with no uncertain sound on
this subject. Hedging renders a party
impotent, reduces it to a mere office-get •
ting machine and makes it contemptible.
Our country has gone through a period of
political straddling on all questions. He
was considered the best politician who
could fool the most people; but nil things
come to an end and this practice has
reached its limit. The people are in earn
est and demand plain talk. We must state
our position clearly and live up to it. We
are at ouce confronted with the question
of ratio. Theoretically bimetallism does
not depend on any particular ratio
and if this question could be considered
by Congress on its merits alone and free
from outside pressure it is probable the
subject of ratio would not be discussed by
the public at all.
"But tne bimetallic system was destroyed
by corrupt outside influence, and Wail
street has repeatedly shown its ability to
shape legislation at Washington. The
men|who make vast fortunes out of existing
conditions will do all they can to prevent
a change. Tne men who a year ago made
about 10,000,000 of dollars out of the Gov
ernment in a small bond transaction, car
ried out through a secret contract with the
President and the Secretary of the Treas
ury, ■will do all in their power to prevent a
change in policy. These men will try to
capture the Chicago convention, and fail
ing in that will move heaven and earth to
control the new administration in case we
succeed. Bitter experience has taught
our people that their interests are always
in danger at Washington and that if we
succeed in this campaign the victory may
be thrown away there, consequently it is
felt to be necessary to leave no room for
quibbling."
The speaker characterized the late Re
publican convention as the most brazen
effort on the part of organized preed ever
attempted to control the destinies of the
country. It adopted a platform, he as
serted, in the interests of England; its
principles stand for paralysis, poverty and
distress, and it put in nomination for
President a man who will only be a ser
vant to carry out the mandates of his
managers.
The remainder of the Governor's speech
dealt with State matters. All of the de
partments at the capital were in admirable
condition. But lie condemned the pres
ent revenue system as a monster of injus
tice. The Republican Legislature came in
for a severe criticism for its alleged cor
ruption. The establishment of the State
account system in the penitentiaries he
credited to the Democratic party mainly,
but recommended a still further reform
which will take the prisoners entirely out
of competition with other labor.
In conclusion the Governor said that he
appreciated the approval of his friends, as
Biiown by their desire for hi- renomina
tion, but claimed he was not in a condi
tion to stand for re-election. His health
was broken by his attention to public
duties and his property interests were suf
fering. He had no ambition to be a party
leader ana asked that he be permitted to
retire from public life. His closing words
were: "Let the world know that we re
gard our party platform sacred as holy
writ and that any pledge made to the peo
ple will be carried out and long beiore the
ides of November the cohorts of plutocracy
arid corruption and all their hirelings and
hangers-on will be driven from the great
temple of the people."
The Governor's allusions to President
Cleveland were received with tumultuous
applause. When the Governor announced
that his physical and financial condition
would prevent him entering a canvass for
a re-election there was a depressing
silence. The next moment with a mighty
shout of "No" the convention rose en
masse and repeated the ovation that
greated his entrance.
Ex-Congressman Champ Clark of Mis
souri "jollied" the audience with a humor
ous speech, in winch he named Bniea.
Bland, Bryan, Matthews and Blackburn
as acceptable nominees of the Chicago
convention. The lowa ex-Governor was
accorded the bulk of applause. General
Stubbs of lowa spoke briefly.
When the report of the committee on
credentials was submitted ex-Congress
men Williams and Fithian protested
against the unit-rule plank, but they were
howled down and the rule indorsed. The
platform was adopted with a few voices in
the negative.
Governor Altgeld was renominated by
acclamation amid a &cene of wild enthu
siasm. The balance of the ticket was
speedily completed, and at 7:35 o'clock
the convention adjourned sine die.
FREE SILVER WILL WIN.
Governor Matthews and White-
Metal Men to Control the In
diana Convention.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 23.— The
Democratic State Convention meets here
to-morrow. Governor Matthews will con
trol the organization, and it is altogether
probable that free silver will win. There
will be a fight, however, as a minority re
port will be introduced.
District conventions were held through
out the State to-day, some of them being
attended with considerable excitement.
To the surprise of everybody, the sound
money people were able to control the
Tenth District and put a sound-money
man on the resolutions committee, as well
as two sound-money men on the Chicago
delegation.
J. P. Gallagher of Michigan City will
brinir in the minority report favoring a
gold-standard plank and it will be sup
ported by W. i). Bynum and other leaders
on the floor.
The delegates to the Chicago convention
were elected in this (the Seventh) district
to-night. The sound-money men elected
two in the Tenth and two in the Seventh,
but one of these latter is contested by the
silver men.
The plan of Governor Matthews to-day
to control the Seventh District conven
tion failed because the credentials com
mittee did not get through its work in
time to seat the silver delegates before the
meeting of the district. One other gold
delegate was elected in the Third District,
but he was tied up with silver instruc
tions.
Judge ShatiKlin declined to stand as a
candidate for Governor, and the nomina
tion will thus go to ex-Congressman B. P.
Shiveley of South Bend, Ind., by acclama
tion. He is a radical siiver man.
The financial plank in the platform
reads :
We maintain the time-honored Democratic
principle of bimetallism and reiterate our
allegiance to that soundest and most honest
monetary system, and demand the immediate
and independent restoration of silver by ;he
Iree and unlimited coinage of both pold and
silver as primary money at the ratio of lti to 1,
without awaiting the action of any other
nation, such change to be full legal tender for
all debts, public and private.
The other planks in the platform declare
in favor of the present tariff law on the
theory that the lack of free coinage is the
sole cause of the present depressed finan
cial conditions; gives Governor Matthews
a strong indorsement for the Presidential
nomination; declares strongly in favor of
the independence of Cuba; uemands the
election of the United States Senators by
popular vote and reaffirms the "time
honored" doctrine of personal rights with
out specifically mentioning the Nicholson
bill.
DEMOCRATS OF TEXAS.
"Regulars" and "Sound Money"
Men Mold Separate State
Conventions at Austin.
AUSTIN, Tex., June 23.— The regular
State Democratic Convention to elect dele
gates to ihe Chicago convention met here
this morning with about 1000 delegates
present. After eft>cting temporary or
ganization the convention adjourned until
3p. m. At that hour, the committee not
being able to report, adjournment was
taken until 8 o'clock.
The convention, at 11 o'clock, declared
for free coinage. A minority report by the
sound-money wing was voted down by
over two-thirds majority. The convention
will probably elect eight delegates from
the State at large to the Chicago conven
tion, among them ex-Governor Hogg,
Governor Culberson and Congressman
Bailey. It is the concensus of opinion
that Bland will 03 instructed for.
The "Sound-money" Democratic Con
vention, witn about 400 delegates present,
met to-day and in a harmonious session
adopted a platform repudiating the meth
ods and actions of the State Democratic
executive committee in calling the regular
convention and fixing the mode of elect
ing district delegates. They declare the
action of the committee necessitates the
reorganization of the Democratic party in
Texas.
They congratulate the country that thus
far the credit and honor of the Nation has
been maintained oy President Cleveland
and Treasurer Carlisle. They elected fif
teen Democratic electors and called a State
convention to meet in Waco August 25 to
nominate State officers. A full delegation
was elected to attend the Chicago conven
tion with discretion to act in such manner
as in their judgement will best promote
the integrity and honor of the Democratic
party of the State and Nation, and they
are instructed to act in concert with all
true Democrats for the advancement of
sound Democratic principles. Adjourned
sine die.
OHIO IS FOR SILVER.
General Warner Wiil Be Made Chair-
man of the Democratic State
Convention.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 23.— The dis
trict meetings selected the committees for
the Democratic State Convention this even
ing. The committee on resolutions stands
eleven for free silver and four for gold.
This leaves no further doubt that the con
vention will adopt a free-silver resolution.
The delegates from this district selected
two free-silver delegates to the Chicago
convention, as did those from the Nine
teenth.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion has decided to make A. J. Warner,
president of the Bimetallic League, the
permanent chairman of the convention.
This is to emphasize the victory of the
free-silver faction.
NEW YORK'S STRUGGLE.
Gold Men, Headed by William C.
Whitney, Exoect to Easily
Carry the Day.
SARATOGA. N. V., June 23—To-mor
row s Democratic State Convention prom
ises to be one of the quietest and most
harmonious in the history of the Democ
racy of the Empire State during recent
years. But for the squad of decorators
hanging buntinc in Convention Hall and
an occasional politician on the streets or
in the hotel lobbies, one would hardly
suspect that a convention was on the eve
of assembling. The absence of prelimi
nary skirmishing and wire pulling by the
elans toetokeus harmony, and so far aa cau
be learned to-morrow's convention will be
lacking in exciting features.
William C. Whitney, State Chairman
Jaanes W. Hinckley, Senator Hill and
ex-Governor Flower arrived this evening.
All of the delegates who are here agree
that practically no opposition will De
made to a declaration for sound money
and the gold standard. John Boyd
Thacher, Mayor of Albany and an aspir
ant for the gubernatorial nomination, will
be temporary chairman, and the delegates
at large to Chicago will probably be Sen
ators Hill and Murphy, Roswell P, Flower
and Frederick R, Coudert. Mr. Whitney,
who was urged to take the fourth place,
prefers to work at Chicago from the out
side.
UNDER OLD-TIME LEADERS
Gold Democrats of Wisconsin Carry
the Day, and the Yellow-Metal
Plank Causes Cheers.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 23. — The
Democratic State Convention met here
this morning. Upon the stage in the
Bijou Opera-house were gathered the old
time leaders — Senator Vilas. General Bragg,
W. C. Silverthorn, Thomas Barton and
other notables, who were cheered as they
took their seats. At 11 o'clock ex-Gov
ernor Peck, chairman of the State Central
Committee, read the call and introduced
Thomas F. Frawley of Eau Claire, who
acted as temporary chairman.
After Mr. Frawley 'a address the usual
committees were appointed', their person
nel indicating clearly that the gold men
had full control of the.convention.
The chief interest in the committees was
centered in that on resolutions. The only
enthusiasm manifested was when the
name of some well-known advocate of free
silver coinaee at a ratio of 16 to 1 was
reached. Especially was this the case
when the name of W. C. Silverthorn of
Wausau was announced to represent the
Ninth District. After a recess the conven
tion reassembled at 3:55. The temporary
officers were made permanent, and Mr.
Usher read the report of the committee on
resolutions. The names of Cleveland,
Yilas and Mitchell were cheered to the
echo and there were loud cheers for the
gold piar.k.
Mr. Silverthorn submitted a minority
report in favor of free coinage. He called
the leaders of both parties protoplastic
prevaricators.
Senator Vilas made a stirring appeal for
the gold standard, and after numerous
speeches the minority report was rejected.
The delegates at large are: Senator Vilas,
General Edwrrd S. Bragg, James G. Flan
ders of Milwaukee and James J. Hogan of
La Crosse.
Favor a Silver Union.
BUTTE. Most., June 23.— The Populist
State Convention at Boulder to-day elected
! delegates to the St. Louis conventions.
The resolutions declare for free silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1; for the initiative and
referendum; denounce the Cleveland ad
ministration for its action in Chicago dur
ing the American Railway L'nion strike
| and the imprisonment of Eugene V. Debs
•as an outrage. The question of fusion on
i the silver question with some other Na
tional narty was left to the judgment of
the delegates. They will go uninstructed,
hut a majority personally favor a union of
I silver forces.
♦
Officials to Oo to Chicago.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 23.-Quite
a large number of prominent officials con
nected with the various departments are
preparing to attend the Chicago conven
tion. Most of them will leave here on
July 3, so as to be in Chicago with the ad
vance guard.
A FATAL IOWA STORM.
Several People Are Killed by Lightning
and One Is Fatally In
jured.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, June 23.— This city
was visited by a heavy rain and thunder
storm this morning and -water rushed
through the streets, doing much damage.
During the storm lightning struck and
instantly killed Mrs. Mary Paulson, who
lived in the eastern part of the city. She
was standing talking to her three-year-old
child when stricken. The electric fluid
left a small blue mark on her neck, but no
other BifrO of its deadly work. The child
was not injured.
Reports from Storm Lake show that the
disturbance was very severe there, several
houses being struck by lightning, but no
great damage done.
At Newell the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Richardson was struck and they were
killed together on a lounge.
Near Lorah Isaac Stonking was struck
by lightning and will probably die.
Wreck of the Capulet.
ST. JOHNS, JS\ F., June 23.— The British
steamer Capulet, which sailed Sunday from
Halifax to Liverpool, has gone ashore in
St. Mary's Bay, Newfoundland. She is a
total wreck. The passengers, crew and a
portion of the mails were saved. Further
details are unobtainable.
Kelaico Hint the Suit.
NEW YORK. N. V.. June 23. -The trial
of the suit of David Belasco against N. K.
Falrbank for $65,000, as remuneration for
instructing Mrs. Leslie Carter in dramatic
art, ended to-night, the jury bringing in a
verdict for the plaintiff for $16,000.
fury of a Cyclone.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 23.— This after
noon a cyclone struck about four miles
south of Clayton. Wis. A number of
houses and barns were blown down and
one man fatally injured. Further infor
mation has not been obtained.
NEW TO-DAT.
"APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the {JJ HUNYADI Springs, Bnda Pest, Hungary.
Considering the nature of the Hungarian Bitter
Water Springs, it must obviously be desirable for the
medical profession and the public to be assured authori-
tatively that the working of these Springs is carried on
in a scientific manner, and not merely on commercial
lines, and with this view the Uj Hunyadi Springs, from
which " Apenta " Water is drawn, are placed under the
absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
Prices : 10 Cents and 25 Cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters :
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited.
PLATT PREDICTS
A BIG VICTORY.
Talks at the Ratification
Meeting of New York
Republicans.
PRIDE IN THE PARTY.
Devotion to the Candidates
Promised by the State
Leader.
AN INTERESTING CAMPAIGN.
Wty tl c Country Must Be Rescued
From the Evi s of Demo
cratic Rule.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 23.— The first
big ratification meetinc of the approach
ing campaign was held to-night at the
Carnegie Music Hall. The meeting was
held under the auspices of the Republican
County Committee to indorse the nominees
of the St. Louis convention. Thomas C.
Platt was ihe principal speaker. He was
wildly cheered. He said:
"I greet you, ladies and gentlemen, as a
Republican whose prido in his party,
whose respect for its courage, whose faith
for its principles, whose confidence in its
success and whose devotion to its candi
dates were never greater than they are this
minute.
"We are entering upon the most inter
esting campaign in which the Republican
party has engaged since the issues of the
Civil War were determined. The contrasts
afforded in the history of the last three
years between Republican and Democratic
rule are fully convincing, and we go for
ward to rescue the country from the evils
of free trade and to save it from the evils
of free silver.
"Under the pretense, Mr. Chairman, of
protecting the people against the power
I and greed of capital, the Democratic party
t is always proposing measures, the surest
! and speediest el'fect of which is to render
; the people more than ever incapable of
\ self-protection. The Democratic party ob
! tamed power upon the assurance that free
I trade would take the profits then going to
■ the employing classes and hand them
.overiotho wage-earners. But the result
! was there were no longer any profits for
i anybody. And now the Democrats are
' singing the siren sone of 'Cheap Money.'
! They spy if yon will make a law declaring
j that 50 cents' worth of silver shall be as
competent for all purposes as 100 cents'
worth of gold the creditor class will lose
its advantage over the debtor class, and
everybody will have enough. My friends,
'■ there's notning in it. When you can
! legislate sense into the heads of fools;
i virtue into the hearts of knaves, and peace
I into the souls of the restless and unhappy,
then and not until then will you he able
to equalize the conditions in which the
human family lives. Pending that time,
j I want the dollar that my employer gives
me for my labor to be as good as the dol
lar he extracts from me for rent and food
| and clothes.
"We cannot lose on the issue of protec
tion and hoi.est money. The forty-five
votes of New England protest that we
shall win. The thirty-six votes of New
York protest that we shall win. The
thirty-two votes of Pennsylvania, the ten
of New Jersey, the twenty-three of Ohio,
the twenty-four of Illinois, the thirteen of
lowa, the ten of Kansas, the fourteen of
Michigan, the nine of Minnesota, the
twelve of Wisconsin, the eight of Ne
braska, all sure Republican States, are the
assurances that we shall win, and back of
all else is the convincing fact that we are
practical people, and with the Democratic
folly to decide our judgment we know
when we have had enough of a bad
thing.
"The RepnDlieans of New York are
united In behalf of the candidates that
were nominated and the platform that
was adopted at St. Louis. I hope they
will be no less united in all matters that
aflect the welfare of the party and the
honor of their State. I am always ready
to set the example of cheerful acquiesenee
in the will of the majority."
FATAL HOLLEN EXPLOSION.
Seven Men Killed and Mangled and
Three liartly Scalded.
WOODVILLE, Nebr., June 23.— Seven
men were killed and tnree fatally injured
by the explosion of a tram engine boiler
at Doucette station yesterday. The en
gine was the property of the Nebraska
Lumber Company and was about to start
for their logging camp when the accident
occurred. Six or eight men were in the
cab. Six of these victims had their heads
entirely torn from their bodies and were
otherwise mutilated.
The dead are: A. L. Doucette, presi
dent of the kebntkJ Lumber Company;
■UrantHammerlr, engineer; Charles al
forth section foreman ; Charles bmith,
gecfon hand; Wylie .Sargent, a mill hand:
a man known about the mill as "Freuchv,"
b-tit v.iio-<e rigbt^BftMC Cpuld not be ascer
tamed: another unknown man.
J).in A. Hurman, fireman, was terribly
lacerated about the arms and painfully
scalded about the face and neck. D. O.
Sullivan, a section man, and a mau named
Bowling were badly scalded.
The water which supplied the engine
had been low and muddy, and the sedi
ment is supposed to have caked in the bot
tom of the boiler until it became danger
ous.
Bloody Jinttlc in Kentucky.
LONDON DEPOT, Ky., June 23.— 0n
Clover Fork, in Harlan Courthouse, one of
the bloodiest battles of modern years tooK
place yesterday with John Pace. Irvin Cor
nell and Harmon Cornell on one side and
George Dean, William Stewart and Dave
Kid red ge on the other. Dean and El
dredge were killed. The survivors have
all been arrested and are in jail. The fight
was the resuitof an old feud of long stand
ing.
MA TABELES ARE DEFEA TED.
Friendly Natives Take a Hand in Fighting
the Rebellious Blacks Near
Buluwayo.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, June 23.—
A dispatch received here from Buluwayo,
under to-day's date, says a force of friendly
natives have had an engagement with and
defeated the Matabeles on the Maziani
River, securing a large number of cattle
and sheep. Many of the Matabeles were
killed in the fight.
Reports from Fort Victoria say thena
dves in that vicinity are in a state of inde
cision as to whether or not they shall sup
port the uprising. Commandant Weals,
with fifty volunteers, has started out from
Fort Victoria for tne purpose of inducing
the waveren not to join the enemy.
The column under command of Captain
Spreckley has returned to Buluwayo after
having made a successful foraging expedi
tion. Captain Spreckley reports having
found the bodies of four white men, who
had evidently been Killed by the natives.
The bodies were buried by his command.
To Check Encroachments.
COLON, Colombia, June 23. — Advices re
! ceived here from Georgetown, British
Guiana, are to the effect that the Demarara
Official Gazette publishes an ordinance ap
i pointing certain Indians in the interior
i captains and constables, with a uniform,
■ commission and salary. The object is to
! check the encroachments of neighbors.
I The new artillery that was mounted for
! the defense of Georgetown has been tried
in the presence of the Governor, Sir
Augustus Hemming.
NEW TO-DAT.
WANTED
— Our Vacation Outfit for "off-to-
the-country" boys; much wanted
by judicious parents; badly
! wanted and easy to get.
The QUALITY makes the want
—the PRICES are easy.
Combination Suits, including<£Q CA
extra pants and cap vp^£. O\J
Sailor Suits, three shades I OC
Boys' Long-Pants Suit, first rated>^ AA
for country wear yT'iVVJ
Odd Long Trousers, ages 11 tofl^i C/"\
Short Knee Trousers ZOC
No such boys' outfitting place
this side of Chicago.
Overalls, Blouses, Waists, Ho-
siery, Hats, Caps — very, very
low.
Our mall-order men know their business.
A ~
CASE
OF
MOVE
And quick at that. That's what will happen to
our stock of tans. We're going to fix prices so
1 they will move, and it will tie an advantage to
those who help us to move 'em.
LOT I—6lo pairs men's linest tan, Russia calf
lace, extreme pointed toe shape and hand-
sewed soles. Kegular price, $5. Re- Q.OO
duce<l to .• «JD»3 — .
LOT 'I— 10 pair* same as lot 1, only inJ>Q.m>
the new round-toe shape wO — -
LOT 3— 84 pairs same as lot l.only new,* Q.OO
narrow, square-toe shape w*O —
LOT 4— J-9 pairs men's fine liussia caff, lace,
pointed or square toe shape. Regular Ujj 0.50
price. $4. tuMtacadto «ra^
The above are specials to be had in all sizes and
shades.
Mall orders filled on same day as received. .
Send for the Sullivan money saver, a book sent
free for the asking. . ■ r • -
SULLIVAN'S,
18-20-22 Fourth Street.
nniicupo FOR BARBERS, bar.
RKIINHrS rs bootblacks, bam-
MllllUllfaV houses, billiard- table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, pointers, shoe factories, stadia-
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
' BUCHANAN BROS.,
j Brush Alauufncturarg.eotfbaoraiuentoafeiBELMONT WON
THE SUBURBAN,
Henry of Navarre Was
First in the Classic
Event.
THE COMMONER SECOND.
Clifford Was an Odds-on Favorite,
but Could Only Finish
Third.
THE WEBTERNER A SURPRISE.
Griffin Rode a Good Race and Navarre
Won Rather Easily at
the End.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. N. V., June 23.—
Henry of Navarre demonstrated once
more his right to the title, "King of the
Turf," by winning the thirteenth sub
urban handicap at Sheepshead Bay to
day. His victory was well earned, as he
beat some of the best horses in training.
The mighty Clifford was among the
vanquished to-day. Clifford was favorite.
This was largely due to the fact that Taral
had the mount on him. Clifford was also
favorite for the Brooklyn handicap, and
was beaten by Sir Walter in a very close
tinish. Taral's superior jockeyship, every
one said, defeated Clifford then. Clayton,
who rode him in the Brooklyn handicap,
got the blame for Clifford's failure to make
his run until too late. Taral was engaged
to ride him in to-day's great race, and
every one said he would do better with a
stronger jockey than Clayton on bis back.
Clifford, however, did not do as well for
Taral as he did for Clayton. He was not
once dangerous or prominent. The Com
moner, with Clayton up, was the contend
ing horse at the finish. He it was that
forced his former stable companion, Henry
of Navarre, to a cruel drive to hold his
own. Clifford had all his work cut out to
finish ahead of Belmar, Hornpipe, Sir
Walter and NankiDOoh, who were all in
hopeless difficulties a couple of furlongs
from home.
The start for the great race wai prompt
and good. Belmar was the stirst to break
the even line, but he quickly yielded the
post of honor to Hornpipe. jAt the upper
turn Hornpipe took a commandine lead,
but was joined by The Commoner as they
swung into the back stretdh. This pair
then had a good streak of daylight be
tween them and Henry of Navarre, who
was the most forward of the others. There
was but little change in the order until
they reached the old clubhouse turn.
There Henry of Navarre joined the lead
ers and the others also moved up.
They swung into the homestretch with
The Commoner in command, lapped to
the throatlatch by Henry of Navarre, who
had Hornpipe and Clifford at his withers.
The weight and pace had begun to tell on
Sir Walter and he dropped back to keep
Nankipooh company.
When they were straightened out for
home Hamilton went to work like a fiend
on Hornpipe. The son of Mr. Pickwick
and Round Dance responded with such a
wonderful burst of speed that the cry
"Hornpipe Wins" rang throughout the
stand. Griffin, however, still had a tight
hold of Henry of Navarre. Hornpipe
got half a length ahead of him, but Griffin
evidently did not fear him. He sat mo
tionless and kept his grip on Henry's
head until the sixteenth post had been
pasied. Clayton then made a bold bid for
victory on The Commoner. Hornpipe had
given up the struggle and Henry ap
peared to have but Clifford to beat. The
latter was running tluggishly on the out
side and urge him as Taral would and did
he failed to get enough speed out of him
to force Henry of Navarre to a drive.
The Commoner put a new element of
danger in the race so far as Henry of Na
varre was concerned. His challenge was so
persistent and well-timed that he had
headed Henry before Griffin realized that
in The Commoner he had a foeman worthy
of his steel. Only once did the lash de
scend upon Henry's heaving flanks. That
was enough. He knew he was required to
do his best and with the ?ame dauntless
courage that has marked his entire career
he put his best energies forth and won by
a length. The Commoner, the good thing
from the West that had been so carefully
bottled up, had to be content with place
honors. These he secured from Clifford by
half a length.
The victory of Henry of Navarre was re
ceived with cheers. The day was a good
one for the professional bettors. Attend
ance 20,000.
Five furlongs, Preston won, Gotham second,
Tremargo third. Time, 1:01.
One mile, The Dragon won, Peep o' Day sec
ond, Chugnut third. Time, l:41!i.
Eleveu-sixteenths of a mile. Ornament won.
Octagon second, Scottish Chieftain third.
Time, 1:08%.
Suburban handicap, mile and 8 quarter, for
all ages; $6000 to winner, $1000 to second,
$500 to third. Henry of Navarre, 129 (Griffin),
8 to 5, won; The Commoner, 113 (Clayton), 12
to 1, second; Clifford, 12H (Taral), 4 to 5,
third. Time, 2:07. Sir Walter, Kaukipooh,
Hornpipe and Beimar also ran.
Half a mile, Full speed won, Remus second,
Thomas Cat third. Time, :54.
Half a mile, Pleureuse won. Hi Daddy sec
ond. Collateral'third. Time, -A 9l 2 .
CHICAGO, 111., June 23.— Forsyth results:
Six funongs, imp. Conuemara won. Peep o'
Day II second, Santa Cruz third. Time,
l i"r>',;.
Ha,; a mile, Lillian Wilks won, Marie C sec
ond, Mrs. Murray third. Time, :48!^.
3U furlongs, Fritzie won, Millie M second,
imp. Timothy third. Time, 1 :14 :t 4.
One and an eighth miles, Magnet won,
Elusive second, Langdon third. Time, 1 :52' 2 .
Seven furlongs, Miss Young won, Loudon
second, Revenue third. Time, 1 :27.
Six furlongs. Battledore won, Walkover sec
ond, Uncas third. Time, 1:14?*.
OAKLEY RACETRACK. Ohio, June 23.—Rp
iults: hive furlongs, Belle Bramble won, Her
Excellency second, Minnie Murphy third.
'seven furlongs, Miss Emma won, Hot Stuff
second, Hulbert third. Time, 1:33.
Five furlones, Orion won, Imp second, Red
third. Time, 1:04.
Mile and twenty yards, Judge Denny won,
Sir Dilke second, Plutus tnird. Time, 1 :47^.
Seven furlongs, Rev Del Mar won, Mobalaska
second, Joe Thayer third. Time. 1 :30h4.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 23,— Results: Six fur
longa, Volma won. Blue Light second, Top
mast third. Time, 1:201.
Five furlongs, Lord Zen! won, Inca second,
Miss Baker third. Time, 1 :03.
Six furlongs, Harry McCoueh won, Consuella
recond, Irish Chief II third. Time, 1 :\6 1 /t.
Mile and a quarter, Muskalonge won, Crev
isse second, Bing Binser third. Time, 2:15^.
One mile, Stmthreel *yon, Rhett Goode sec
ond. Bridgeton third. Time, 1:47^.
Six furlongs, George F. Smith won, Oz«rk Jr.
lecond, Blacking Bru-h third. Time, 1 :18/2
RED OAK, lowa, June 23.— Tnere were 4uoo
aeople at the openingof the five day*' meeting
it Paciolus Park. The track record was beaten
.n the 2 :09 pace by Badge, wno made the best
lime oi the year.
In the 2:25 pace and the three-year-old trot
tne money, was divided, awards being made on
each heat.
Summaries: 2:25 pace, purse $900, Thorn
dine won, Louis White second, Mary H third.
Best time, 2:16%.
2:09 pace, purse $1000. Badge won. Affrite
second, Judge Hurt tuird. Best time, 2:07 4,.
Three-year-old trot, purse $900, Eva Wright
won, Wabau second, Adtolus third. Best time,
2 :25^.
RESULTS OF THE BALL GAMES.
A Game Savtd for >>ir York by a Re-
tnarkablc Flay.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 23.— The Phila
delphia Clud losi its fifth consecutive game to
Baltimore to-day. The visitors played the
better ball throughout. The management of
the Philadelphia team to-day gave Pitcher
McGIU and a cash consideration for Center
fielder Mertes of the St. Paul Club. Turner
was also loaned to tiie St. Paul team as a part
of the deal. Attendance 8700. Score: riiila
delphias—2, 6, 5; Baltimores— B, 15, 2. Bat
teries—Taylor and Grady; Esper and Robin
son. Umpire— Hurst.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 23.— Timely hit
ting in thi^ fifth and sixth innings won to
day's pane for Cleveland. Score: Clevelands —
6, 10.3; Pittsbunjs— s, 91. Batteries— Cuppy
and OVonnor; Hawley andMerriu. Umpire—
Weidman.
CHICAGO, 111., June 23.— The Colts won an
other hot game from the Cincftinatis to-day
by falling on Fisher's curves in the seventh
inning. Briggs held the Reds safe from the
start. Inks was taken out in tne fourth on
account of wildness. Score: Chicagos— 7, 11,
5; Cincinnatis— s. 8, 5. Batteries— Briggs and
Dailey; Inks and Vaughn. Umpire — Lynch.
BOSTON, Mass., June 23.— Stlvettt had lots
of speed to-day, ar.d fairly outpitehed Abbey,
so that Boston had an easy victory. Score:
Bostons— 9, 12, 7; Brooklyns— 3, 5, 3. Bat
teries—Stivetts and Teuny; Abbey and Grim.
Umpire — Henderson.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 23— The New Yorks
had a narrow escape from defeat to-day. For
seven innings the Washingtons were at Meo
kin's mercy. Then they began to hit nis de
livery and'take advantage of the big fellow's
wildness. In the last inning, with the bases
full and two out, Gleason made a one-handed
stop which stopped the run getting. Score:
Kew Yorks— o. 9,0; Washington?— s, 8, 1. Bat
teries— Meek in and Wilson; King and Ma
guire. Umpire— Emslie.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 23.— N0 game; rain.
BUTLER BEAT BALD.
The Cambridge Man Too Stcift for the !
Buffalo Lad.
SARATOGA, N. V., June 23.— At the
State Circuit bicycle meet held at WTood
lawn Oval to-day Tom Butler of Cam
bridge defeated Bald in the mile Drofes- {
sional in 2:16. In ihe five-mile profes- :
sional handicap, Bald and Butler dropped j
out after going two miles, and the race
went to A. W. Porter of Boston (200 yards) !
in 11:51 3-5. The other events were prin
cipally local ones.
tierlin Trotting Race*
BERLIN. Germany, June 23.— 1n the
Berlin trotting races to-day the Bambus
prize of 1500 marks, 2600 meters, was won
by Kadett, Acanthus second and Doris
sohn third.
The Ariadne prize of 1600 marks, 2800
meters, was won by Snipno, Josie second,
Chimes third and Kleber fourth.
The Lilienhof prizes of 5000, 1500 and
1800 marks, 3400 meters, were won by The
Cid, Kron Prinz and Vincendor respect
ively.
The Hallensee prize, 1500 marks, 3200
meters, was won by Spruce wood, Hads
land second and Schallun third.
The summer race for 1300 marks, 2400
meters, was won by Minnie Wilson, Ella
P second and Upeler third.
*
Good Cricket- Playina
LONDON, Eng., June 23.— cricket {
match between the English and Australian j
elevens, which was begun yesterday, was j
resumed to-day, the English team finish- i
ing their first inning with 292 runs. The j
Australians were all out in their first
inning yesterday with the small score of
53 runs.
The Australian!, by brilliant batting, !
made 347 runs in their second inning.
Trott and Gregory each contributed over
a "century," the former scoring 143 runs
before he was retired, and Gregory 103.
The total score of the Australians for
their two innings of play is 400 runs. The
Englishmen, who are now taking their |
second inning, scored 292 runs in their
first inning, and must make 109 runs to
win.
ELECTIONS IN CANADA.
The Liberals Have Secured a
Clear Majority in the
House.
Overthrow of the Conservative Gov
ernment Lei by Sir Charles
Tupper.
TORONTO, Ontario, June 23.— The gen
eral election for the Dominion Parliament
took place throughout the Dominion to
day and the contest was probably the most
hotly contested and in some respects the
most bitter in the history of Canada. The
result is the complete overthrow of the
Conservative Government, led by Sir
Charles Tupper.
While the tariff question was the most
important issue of the campaign the
Manitoba school question aroused a
greater degree oi enthusiasm and excite
ment, and a leading feature in the election
was the double-headed policy of the Con
servative party on that question. Many
Conservatives ran as supporters of the
Government on all questions except as re
gards its present Manitoba remedial legis
lation. Three Cabinet Ministers in the
Tupper Government were defeated, viz.:
Hon. A. R. Dickey, Minister of Justice;
Hon. L. O. Taillon, Postmaster-General,
and Hon. A. des Jardines, Minister of
Public Works.
Hon. Wilfred Laurier, the Liberal leader,
was elected for two constituencies. Dalton
McCarthy, leader of the Independents,
was also elected for two constituencies.
Hon. Joseph Martin, a leading Liberal
and author of the Manitoba scnool law,
was defeated in Winnipeg by Hugh J. Mac-
Donaid, son of the late Sir John Mac-
Donald.
Hon. Peter White, Speaker of the House
of Commons, and Hon. A. B. Angers, ex-
Minister of Agriculture from the Macken
zie-Bowell Cabinet, was defeated. Hon.
David Mills, ex-Minister of the Interior in
Alexander Mackenzie's Cabinet, was also
defeated.
The vote at midnight stands: Liberals
111, Conservatives 79, Independents 8,
Patrons 4. There are still eleven con
stituencies to hear from, but it is conceded
that Laurier, Liberal leader, will, on the
assemblying of the House, have a clean
majority of 68, irrespective of the Inde
pendents and Patrons. There was much
excitement throughout the country, but
the voting passed off quietly.
Hot Election in Manitoba.
WINNIPEG, Man., June 23.— The Win
nipeg election fought out here to-day be
tween Hon. Joseph Martin, Liberal, and
Hon. Hugh John McDonald, Conserva
tive, was without doubt the hottest ever
contested in Canada. The excitement was
intense, no such scenes having been wit
nessed here before. The issue was the
Manitoba national school policy. Mc-
Donald was successful. He defeated the
Liberal candidate by a majority of 126.
Joseph I'restwich Jtead.
LONDON, Eng., June 23.— Joseph Prest
wich, D.C.L., F.K.S., the celebrated Eng
lish geologist and author, is dead. He
was 84 years old.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
GEN, CAMPBELL
BECOMES INSANE,
The Great Prohibitionist
Committed to an
Asylum.
HE WAS VERY VIOLENT.
Strayed From Home While Un
balanced and Wandered
Many Miles.
RAN AMUCK ON THE STREET.
Sad Scene in the Courtroom When He
Was Examined as to His
Sanity.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 23.— General
A. B. Campbell, the Republican orator
and politician, became violently insane
last evening and had to be locked in a
padded cell. He has been suffering for
some days past from inflammation of the
brain and has been acting queeily, but
last evening gave the first indication that
his trouble was likely to prove serious.
He became very violent on Spring street,
attempted to kill several persons who ap
proached him and rushed down the street
yelling at the top of his voice. Nothing
could be done to quiet him, so he was
taken in charge by the authorities. He
fought desperately at the County Jail,
yelled as loudly as he could, and even at
tempted to do himself bodily injury. It
was necessary to put the cuffs on his
hands to secure him.
On Sunday last General Campbell wan
dered from the city while temporarily un
balanced and when.he partially recovered
it was to find himself in the town of Al
hambra, ten miles from here.
To-day he was committed to the asylum
at Highlands. There is a lingering hope
that he may recover in come degree his
lost mentality and be restored to his many
friends in condition to resume his place in
the community, but the basis of such a
hope is meager indeed.
This splendid man of yesterday pre
sented a pitiable spectacle this forenoon
when brought into court, manacled, for
the examination. He had ceased his
paroxysms of grief and rage and was quiet
and self-possessed. He fully understood
his sorrowful plight and with grave de
meanor asked permission to make a state
ment in his own behalf and answer the
usual questions. Judge Smith, evidently !
affected by the scene before him, indulged ■
the orator.
The general, with perfect coolness and
in hia choicest English, explained that his
father had been subject to fits of melan
cholia and had died when so affected at
the age of 63.
Dr. Tuttle testified that he had gone to
the house of Mr. Young in Alhambra in
response to a telephone message on Sun
day night and found General Campbell in
his nightshirt raving violently. He
brought him back to reason after giving
him some bromide. The doctor also testi
fied to several other attacks of violence
which had overcome his patient on subse
quent occasions.
The general then cross-examined the
witness ably and wound up by asking him
if he believed him insane. The answer
was "Yes, sir," upon which the cross
examiner replied that that was what he
wanted to know.
Then General Campbell went into a dis
se:tation on spiritual control, under which
he claims to have acted for the last six
months. Spirits, he said, wrote his corre- '
spondence and did ail his work for him. !
He could bring the faces of his familiar
spirits before his audience. If he could do
that, the court would be convinced that
he was not insane. If he could not he
was crazy.
The case excited great interest and the
courtroom was full of people. Judge
Vandyke came in early during the exam
ination, sat with Judge Smith and listened
with great attention to General Campbell's
talk.
While telling his story the general tried
to hypnotize Dr. Ainsworth, one of the
medical examiners, and seemed quite dis
appointed that he did not succeed. There
being no doubt about Campbell's lunacy,
he was ordered to Highlands. The cer
tificate was signed by Drs. Ainsworth,
Cochrane and Brainerd.
General Campbell came here from
Kansas and was a prohibition advocate.
♦ _
SUNDAY-SCHOOL CONVENTION.
Subjects IHscussed at the Twelfth Annual
Meeting.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 23.— The
twelfth annual convention of the Los
Angeles County Sunday-school Associa
tion met in the Church of Christ on Broad
way this morning. The officers of the
convention are as follows:
President, Professor A. L. Hamilton,
Pasadena; first vice-president. Professor
John Crowner, Whittier; second vice
president, C. C. Bowen, Los Angeles;
third vice-president, B. A. Holmes, Los
Angeles; secretary, J. W. Sedwick, Pasa
dena; treasurer, Calvin Esterly, Pomona.
The executive committee is composed of
W. E. McVey, W. G. Shaw, J. A.Williams,
all of Los Angeles; Rev. Emma Bander of
The Palms, and Miss Minnie Ross of
Pomona.
Thp opening service was conducted by
A. K. Nash, then followed the appoint
ment of various committees. That on
credentials was composed of Dr. J. E.
Games, Professor Parley and J. Duncan.
On resolutions— B. W. Diehl, M. M. Parker
and Professor W. A. Edwards. On nom
inations — B. A. Holnwy, Robert Ramsan,
M. Brodtb^ck, A. C. Hoffman and Pro
lessor Hamilton.
Professor J. H. Hoose read a paper upon
"The Educational Value of the Bible,"
which was followed by a telling address
upon "Tie Selection and Management of ,
the Sunday-school Libraries," by Rev. J.
M. Clark.
At the afternoon session a'number of
important questions were discussed. A ,
praise service was held in the evening. A ;
petition is beinej circulated at the con
vention by Dr. Wilson of the First
Methodist Church on behalf of a half
holiday being given employes of the stores
and workshops of this city on Saturdays.
IMPORTANT DECISION.
Rights and Privilege* of Benevolent So-
cieties Hrflned.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., June 23.— Judee
Shaw of the Superior Court handed down
an important decision this forenoon touch
ing the rights and privileges of benevolent
societies. The case which brought forth
this decision was that of Brun against the
board of directors of Societe Francaise
Mutuelle. Brun claimed > that the late
election of the board was illegal and caused
a recount in court, which, however, did
not affect the result as returned by the
canvassing board of the society. Brun
contended that votes had been accepted
which, by the terms of the by-laws, should
have been rejected for non-payment of
dues after two months. The court held
that, if after two months the society ac
cepted back dues, it forfeited its right to
exclude, notwithstanding the stipulation
of the by-laws. The decision concluded as
follows:
"This custom, so long continued and
wed known, would have the effect to
change, or rather destroy, the by-laws,
even if they were couched in language
strong and explicit enough to cause for
feiture without notic« or official declara
tion. Such lont'-continued practice oper
ates as an estoppel against the society.
Findings will be made tor the defendants."
PASTOR ROWARDS STANDING.
Los Angeles Presbytery Takes His Case
Under Con si-deration.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 23. — It
seems that the insubordination case of
Rev. Burt Estes Howard, late pastor of
the Westminster Presbyterian Church
here, which was voted out of existence by
the General Assembly recently at Saratoga,
N. V., has not been fully disposed of; or,
rather, Rev. Mr. Howard is about to be
given a rehearing. In view of this the
Los Angeles Presbytery, which met at
Immanuel Church this afternoon, has the
matter under consideration.
About fifty ministers and a large num
ber of the congregation was present.
L. F. Laverty, the moderator, opened the
session with payer. P. D. Young, who
acted as secretary, r ad the official report
of the General Assembly, sustaining the
action of the synod in regard to Rev. Burt
Estes Howard, with explanatory notes.
A committee to draft minutes with refer
ence to the report was appointed as
follows: A. Barker. N. H. G. Fife, A. A.
Dinsruore.
The reports, which were presented at the
congregational meeting of the First Pres
byterian Church on the night of June 17,
were read and J. H. Stewart, Robert
Strong, Rev. Mr. Hartley and Eiders Con
ger and Yates were appointed as a com
mittee to consider the letter written by
Rev. Burt Estes Howard ana report a res
olution.
SPIRITUALISTS AROUSED.
Professor Alexander's Alleged Expose
Results in a Challenge.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 23.— A gen
tleman calling himself Professor Alexan
der has succeeded in drawing upon himself
the animosity of the spiritualists oi this
city.
Alexander arrived about ten days ago
and advertised that he would outdo "all
the tricks of all the mediums under the
sun." His alleged expose came off last
Thursday evening to a crowded house, and
judging irom hisses and catcalls, which
many of his tricks brought forth, a large
proportion of those present must have
been spirituals.
Alexander was very much annoyed at
such treatment, and expr.-ssed himself in i
language more emphatic taan polite re
garding the local followers of the occult.
Two days afterward Professor Tatuni,
from among the spiritualists, issued a
spirited challenge to Alexander to meet
tne challenger in the fiercest of "occult"
combats on the platform. Professor Alex
ander comes back at the unbeliever in
spooks and hobgoblins, naming Burbank
Theater as the place for the "showdown."
Alexander not only shows his willingness
for a contest for points, but declares In his
reply to the spookist that he will forfeit
$10 to any charitable institution in Los
Angeles if he cannot duplicate all the
"tricKs" of the spiritualists and go them
several better.
I. Os A.yGf:i.i.s re for mi:it s .
City Fathers l'ttttioned to Close llusi
»!»•»« Houses on Sunday.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 23.— From
time immemorial it has been the custom
of certain tradespeople in Los Angeles to
keep their places of business open a por
tion of every Sunday. Others of the busi
ness men have been willing to close on
Sundays, but could not be at the disad
vantage of permitting their competitors to
gather in all the Sunday dimes. Much
against their will they have met this Sun
day competition by doing business on the
Sabbath themselves.
Messrs. Tate and Booth appeared before
the council to-day bearing a monster pe
tition, bound in book form and entitled' as
follows: "Petition to the Hon. Mayor
and City Council of the city of Los An
geles, for an ordinance prohibiting the
keeping open on Sunday of all mercantile
business, etc." This petition is indorsed
by the Los Angeles Council of Labor, the
Retail Clerks' Association, the Plasterers'
Association, the LO3 Angeles Council of
Building Trades, the Barbers Association
and 8370 voters and taxpayers of the city.
The laboring men are behind the peti
tion and have been at work upon it for the
past two months. They claim that not a
single name was taken that did not repre
sent a voter or a taxpayer. The petition
was referred to the committee on morals.
m
Found Dead in His Yard.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. June 23.— Coroner
Campbell was summoned this afternoon
to Lordsburg to hold an inquest upon the
body of W . F. Cummins, agnd (» years,
who was found dead in his yard early
this morning. Cummins lived alone",
and had no known relatives in this sec
tion. Investigation proved that death re
sulted from heart trouble.
FIERCE FIRE IN RED BLUFF.
A dumber of Dwelling ■« and Hums Were
Consumed.
RED BLUFF, Cal., June 23.— About 2
o'clock this afternoon, when the wind
from the north was blowing almost a gale,
a fire originated in a shed in the rear of
the residence of J. C. Turner. Before the
engines could get to work the fire had
leaped to a two-story frame building be
longing to J. F. Pendleton and occupied
by S. S. Clapp. Beyond Clapp's home was
an open space several hundred yards in
width, which stayed the fire's progress in
that direction.
With two fires burning, all the force
which two steam fire-engines could bring
to bear was required, the only surprise is
that the destruction was confined to two
half blocks. To complicate matters engine
No. 1 broke down and was useless for
about fifteen minutes, after which it was
patched up to work at about half force.
The principal losers are: Samuel Lewis,
J. P. Saderlund, J. N. Gregg, Newt Miller,
G. W. Madison and J. F. Pendleton.
The sodawater factory ami cement works
of G. W. Madison, and many sheds, hay
barns and stables were also destroyed.
An infant child of Mrs. James Maloney
had its clothes burned off, but was not
seriously injured.
So rapid was the progress of the rire that
several horses and cows were burned to
death, and a magnificent span of pacers
valued at $500 belonging to J. j. Grinnell
were only taken from the stable after the
building was all in flames. The total loss
exceeds $20,000, and the insurance is about
$12,000.
Sonoma County Pedagogues.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. June 23. — The
County Board of Education to-day granted
teachers' certificates to the following:
Grammar grade— Ben F. Ballard, Edith L.
Dietz, Edna R. Finley, Bessie Goodwin,
Edna Locke, Charles R. T. Terrier.
Primary grade— Mary A. Collins, "VV. N.
Cunningham, Celia Gilmore, Lena M.
Jones. Mary McNamara, Florench Mur
phy, Tina C. Pierson, Walter L. Rickett,
Irma H. Sullivan, Florence Thompson,
Grace A. Triep, Anna Wadsworth, Helen
D. Watson.
BRIBERY IN THE
DAWSON CASE,
George Kinsey Tells How
He Left Los Angeles
for Phoenix.
SUPPLIED WITH FUNDS.
Railroaded From One Place to
Another by an Agent of
Mrs. Dawson.
SHADOWED BY DETECTIVES.
Defendant Wi'l Swear That She Kn.ws
Nothing About the Kinseys'
Movements.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 23.— George
Kinsey, formerly of Los Angeles and now
a resident of Kansas City, went on the
witness-stand tbis morning in the Dawson
divorce case and confessed that he had
been bribed by A. A. Eckstrom, a paper
hanger of Los Angeles, to leave Los An
geles with his wife. Eckstrom, the plain
tiff contends, was employed by Mrs.
Dawson. The witness said Eckstrom sent
for him, and when he went to see him told
him that he ought not to make the depo
sitions that he contemplated doing, and
atked him to leave the coast until after
June. Eckstrom offered him $50 and all
expenses, and told him that he would not
want him to go north, would rather he
would go south, and did not want him to
correspond with any one while away.
Kinsey said he wanted more money, and
Eckstrom agreed to give it to him. Eck
strom asked him to go to Arizona with
his wife. It was so agreed, and with
money in their pockets which Eckstrom
had given them and railroad tickets which
were purchased with Eckstroni's money
the Kinseys went to Phoenix, Ariz.
Mrs. Kinsey, the witness said, had told
him to accept Eckstrcim's offer, but his
mother, Kinsey said, told him that she
did not think it was right. Kinsey had a
letter of introduction to G. A. Smith of
Phoenix, Ariz. When he reached there he
presented the letter, and later Smith gave
him $25 and told him the next payment
would be in ten days. Kinsey received
several letters of introduction from Eck
strom through the mail after he had ar
rived in Phoenix. Before leaving Los
Angeles Kinsey said Eckstrom told him
he would be taken care of at Phoenix.
About ten days after Smith had paid him
$.5 the Kinseys went to Kansas City.
Smith bought ;hem tickets and gave them
about $10 additional. The Kinseys reached
Kansas City in April and the witness ob
tained employment in a dry-goods store.
There were about 400 employes in the
store. The witness had charge of a soda
fountain. His salary was $50, and the
witness said he is still in the employ of"
the store and wa? given a le:ive of absence
so that he could cjine to Seattle.
The witness said he had received a num
ber of letters while in Kansas City from
Eckstrom. They were not signed, and in
accordance with a request from Eekstrom
he returned them to him. The witness
aho received several telegrams relating to
money matters which were not signed.
On June 9, the witness said, hfi wrote to
Mr. Eckstrom that he was being watched
by detectives.
In answer to a question from General
Carr the witness said that he knew he was
watched because when he went to the cen
eral delivery for his mail he always met a
man who followed him home. In answer
to I he letter written on June 9 the witness
sai<l he received a telegram from Eck
strom, which read as follows:
"Chance instantly. Will send you mon
ey by teleirrain. Answer." [Not sieneri.]
The witness said he came to Seattle at
General Carr's request.
Mr. Ronald sain that the defense had no
knowledge whatever of the alleged bribery
of t:e Kinseys. Eckstrom, he said, knew
Mrs. Dawson 's mother, but Mrs. L>awson
would swear that she never had anything
to do with getting the Kinseys out of tne
way, nor did she know anything about their
leaving. ___^_________
SODNER SCHOOL AT MONTEREY.
Meeting of the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union Convention.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., June L'3.— The
Summer School of Methods of the W. C.
T. I", convened this morning at Assembly
Hall for the first session of its week's
work. Large delegations arrived from va
rious parts of the State to-day and an
enthusiastic convention is contemplated.
Many persons who are not members of the
W. C. T. U. are interested in the work,
and the white ribbon and the little flag
marked "Eleventh Amendment are worn
in profusion.
The assembly hall was handsomely dec
orated with whit^ flowers and bunting,
and the delegates received a hearty wel
come. The session opened with an ad
dress by the president, Mrs. Sturtevant
Peet, which greatly encouraged the work
ers. The programme to-day was a train
ing in impromptu speaking in response to
the following questions:
What is the duty of the State to Its children ?
What constitutes citizenship ?
Should race make any distinction in educa
tional ndvantages ?
should religion be taupht in public schools ?
Shou'd temperance teaching begin at home
or in the sf-h<ol?
Who suffer.-, most from the results of intem
perance, men or women ?
What constitutes the standard of duty?
In how far is each member ot the W. U. T. IT.
respomible for the education of the children?
How shall we best show our reverence to
G<"l in our work?
What relations has my mind to my body ?
Can I be angry and sin not ?
Are my convictions of any value if I lack
courage to express them?
Can worldly amusements be turned into
blessings"
What ilo I mean by the law of love?
What is the basis of a spirit of true unity?
What are a husband's rights?
Is the neglect oi physical culture a crime
against society?
should physical culture be compulsory In
public schools?
How can I cultivate a cheerful spirit?
What is the difference between the law of
Cresar and the law of God?
The following ladies replied to the ques
tions: Miss S. M. Severance, Mrs. N. B.
Eyster, Mrs. C. Armstrong, Mrs. Buswell,
Mrs. fit. Kirn ball, Miss M. A. Winslow,
Mrs. Ciase, Mrs. D. J. Spencer, Mrs. G.
M. Kimball. Mrs. Currie, Mrs. R. R. John
ston, Mrs. S. J. Churchill, Mrs. Hoppin,
Mrs. E. Mann and Dr. C. L. Rae.
Suit of Street Contractors.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 23.— Charles W.
Fay and Charles Wehner, street contrac
tors, to-day began suit against Emma L.
Steele, executor of the estate of E. L. G.
Steele, to have $174t> due on a street assess
ment, declared a lien on a lot at the south
east corner of Market and St. James
streets. A decree of foreclosure and sale
is asked lor.
NEW TO-DAT.
/ v mUgSw "^
V/ J \ ; X^> V F
1/11! LA I indeed!
7%' J\L LIKt ,
/ _ *-3^7 J _ftOT CAKE]
YOU'LL SEE
MORE PRETTY SUITS WORN ON
THE STREET
To-day than at any other time in
Frisco. Perhaps you've noticed 'em ?
They're from the Big Kearny -street
Store and cost
I IIW> 1 V .• Vl
r* • ililili Know
Going H| our
Off f \ Pants—
ITI J, Perfect
Yes, an d like hot 'cakes Mi ; In Fit,
too. Why shouldn't Perfect
they? Every one of %/ , 5h
'em $12 and flo vat- ■:/ p_ rf __ 4. F
ices. We're after all the \ MW c " e T, .
business there' sin sight. #||| In I ailormg"
We shape prices to get f4!4stf&o"iHH^
it, but such values as THOUSANDS
we're offering at $7.95 \ OF PAIRS TO-DAY,
have never been offered In Pretty Cassimeres,
before in this or any Fancy Blue and Black
other city in the Union. Striped Worsted, in
light colors,
THEY RE THEY
SIMPL V SPECIAL TO -DA VAT
GREAT I :::$1.65-
Our Big Corner Win- And don't you miss this
dowisfullof'ern. Peo-\ offer— lt' s a great one.
pie don't crowd our Big I o<xwk>o<>o<>o<)<>o<><h>o<)ooo<>ooo
Store for fun; it's the 'l Our Xcw 800k > "HINTS %
big values that have at- % FBOM A BIG STORE," ?
traded em, % tellin s how to shop with lvs , f
O hy mail. Your name and 9
mmmm^frY QO"^"" address, and it's yours. g
-M' uK^ *-/ oooooooooooooooooooo<khxx>o
RAPHAEL'S A SAN FRANCISCO HOUSE 9, 11, 13, 15
(Incorporated). I RUM BY FRISCO BOYS. 1 Kearny Street
MA KE ISLAND COURT- MARTIAL.
Patted. Assistant Naval Paymaster Web
ster in Serious Trouble.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 23.— The Secre
tary of the Navy has ordered Passed As
sistant Paymaster Edwin B. Webster,
D. S. N., to be court-martialed, as a result
of the court of inquiry held at the Navy
yard a couple of weeks ago. The court
will convene at the Navy-yard Friday of
this week. Webster is now on board of
the receiving ship Independence under
arrest. The following officers have been
detailed as members of the court: Presi
dent, Captain Henry L. Howison; mem
bers, Commander Henry E.Nichols, Lieu
tenant-Commander Fred M. Symonds,
Lieutenant-Commander F. J. Drake,
Lieutenant Henry T. Mayo, Pay Inspec
tor W. W. Woodhull, Paymaster Henry
T. Skelding. The officer to act as judge
advocate of the court is now on the road
out from Washington, he being detailed
especially for this purpose. Paymaster
Webster is charged with having obtained
$2500 as a cash bond as security for W. J.
Tobin of this city, who went out as his
clerk on the Yorktown, and has failed to
return the same, Mr. Tobin now being out
of the service.
COPPER MINES TO REOPEN.
Activity in Copperopolis Which Will
Benefit Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 23.— The Cop
peropolis mines are to be reopened. They
have been closed for the past three years,
j as the price of copper has not been high
enough to admit of their being worked
with profit. The property belongs to the
Ames estate of Boston, and its representa
tive has now decided to work it again.
The representative is now in Arizona, but,
according to a local merchant who is
Dosted in the matter, will be here next
week on his way to the mines. The name
of the representative of the Ames estate
the local man would not disclose, but he is
sure that the valuable mines will soon give
plenty of work to local men.
If the Copperopolis mines start again,
as now appears to be certain, it will re
! dound to Stockton's advantage, for when
I they were in operation this city was made
J the base of supplies for everything used
j by the miners. They did a greatdealmore
I buying here than do the gold miners
I farther up the road. For this reason the
local merchants will be interested in the
statement that they will soon reopen.
There has never been any doubt as to
the productiveness of the mines' at Cop
peropoli*. They are s«id to be far richer
than the great Anaconda in Montana that
was recently sold to a foreign syndicate for
a fabulous sum. The great difficulty has
I been operating them and getting the prod
| uct to market. The shafts are some dis
tance from the railroad, and if they are
opened up again on a larger scale, as is
contemplated, a branch road may be run
from the Milton line to Copperopolis.
>
POCATELLO DEMOCRATION.
Willis Sweet's Return to Idaho From the
St. /.ohm Convention.
POCATELLO, Idaho, June 23. — This
morning at 3 o'clock a large delegation of
citizens with a silver band met the west
bound passenger at the depot to welcome
Hon. Willis Sweet upon his return home
from the National Convention at St. Louis.
As the train approached the depot the
band played the National quickstep air,
and when Mr. Sweet alighted from bis car
cheer upon cheer rang upon the air.
Colonel Ferguson, on behalf of Pocatello,
warmly welcomed Mr. Sweet in a pleasant
vein and said that they were there to prove
their hearty appreciation of his action as a
delegate at St. Louis and to let people at
large know how determined Idaho was in
the great silver light which is now being
waged. , ,
Mr. Sweet responded in an effective way,
recalling touching and. awe-inspiring inci
dents of the St. Louis convention and the
admiration with which Senator Teller was
received, even by his political enemies,
when he announced his final determina
tion to leave the party which he j had sup
ported all his life. The train then . de
parted with Mr. Sweet for Boise City. - v,:'
34
ASTORIA AND ITS
NATURAL WEALTH,
A Fresh Water Inland Port
of Great Commercial
Importance.
TIMBER AND FISH LEAD.
Headquarters of the - Salmon-
Packing Industry of the
Northwest.
THE BIVER'S ENORMOUS YIELD.
Enterprises Giving Employment to
Thousands ani Offering Induce
ments to Capita!.
ASTORIA, Ok., June 22.— Astoria is sit
uated at the mouth of the Columbia River,
it>:ream discharging nearly or quite as
much water as the Mississippi pours into
the Gulf of Mexico and draining a section
of country greater in extent than the en
tire area of the New England States, New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West :
Virginia and Ohio combined, or about
10 square miles. In a word, it is com
puted that the Columbia water-shed covers ;
an area equal n> that of one-sixth of the
whole of the United States.
For hundreds of miles inland from its
mouth (with the exception of obstructions
at trie Cascades and the Dalles which are
already under course of removal by the
general Government) this magnificent
river affords free navigation for river
steamers, by which the diversified products
of the imrnens 1 section of country tribu
tary to it may cc conveyed either to mar
ket for home consumption or to Astoria,
at the month of the river for shipment to
foreign or domestic ports.
From the point where the Columbia j
enters into the Pacific Ocean the country
it traverses has ail the diversified re
sources of an agricultural, pomolo<:ical,
pastoral and timber and mineral section.
For nearly 200 miles inland along its
course the country bordering on either
Bide of the river is darK with a heavy
growth of the very finest merchantable
timber, while its waters are alive with the
unexcelled Chinook salmon and numerous
other varieties of food fishes, the whole
now constituting one of Astoria's staple
industries, giving employment to an army
of fishermen and necessitating the dis
bursement in this one industry alone of
more than $1,500,000 annually.
A single glance at the geographical posi
tion of the city of Astoria, distant only
ten miles from the Pacific Ocean, should
Map Showing the Location of Astoria and Surrounding Country.
be sufficient to convince the most incredu- 1
lous that, if the chief seaport of the prod- j
nets of the Columbia River basin must be j
at the mouth of the great river of the
West, Astoria's location is altogether un
approachable.
The distance from the sea into the har- •
bor limits of Astoria is but ten miles, so j
that the cost of bringing a vessel in
from sea is necessarily less than at any i
other harbor accessible to deep-sea ships :
on the North Pacific coast. With a straight
channel at the entrance to the river not :
less than two miles wide, and with thirty
feet of water at mean low tide, subject to a ;
rise of from six to ten feet at high water,
with a fair wind vessels of iarge tonnage
C&B often dispense with the aid of a bar ;
tug and sail safely to anchorage in front
ol the city. Astoria has a water frontage |
of five and a half miles, where ships of ,
any tonnage can lay at the various
wharves or come to anchor in the stream.
Though situated so close to the open
ocean Astoria has the special, exclusive
and decided advantage of being a fresh
water harbor, a blessing duly appreciated ■
by every salt-water navigator bringing his
ship's barnacled-covered bottom into port. ;
That destructive pest, the teredo or pile
worm, cannot exist in Astoria harbor, i
Piling on the water front of Astoria, !
driven thirty or forty years ago, is to-day
sound and in serviceable condition.
The ravages of the teredo upen wharves j
and logs at salt-water ports can be par- j
tially estimated when it is stated that ;
Seattle, on Puget Sound has inaugurated j
work on a ship canal, which will connect i
the water of the sound with Lake Wash
ington, a body of fresn water to the east of j
that city, the work costing $5,000,000. It
js a saving of time and money to ship-
I owners to have the vast accumulation of
barnacles and other marine growths inci
dent to a long voyage, and collected
below the water line of their vessels, as
1 effectually cleared off as though they have
been scraped in a drydock. This benen"- i
cial result accrues to every ship that visits J
Astoria, the only fresh-water seaport on !
the I'acitic Coast.
The great jetty at the" mouth of the j
j Columbia River was commenced by the j
Government in 1885. and is now com- |
! pleted. The Board of United States En- j
gineers, which devised the plan of its !
construstion, estimated its cost at about
13,000,000, but nature itself has so ably
assisted in crowning with success the bril- ;
liant conception and design of the engi
neers that it will be finished at a cost of !
$500,000 less than the original estimate.
The beneficial effect of the construction
of this jetty has met the most Banpuine
expectations of its promotors. The jetty \
| has been extended more than four miles ;
seaward in a northwesterly direction,
starting from the south bank, thus virtu- !
ally contracting the immense body of
water flowing out of the moutu of the
river into a space of le^s than four miles,
instead of eight nii!e.> as formerly. The
I bar nas virtually ceased to exist.
This jetty makes Astoria a seaport of the i
first magnitude. There is an open, straight,
wide and easy channel, through which j
any vessel may enter as easily as into any j
harbor in the world.
Astoria is the headquarters of the I
salmon-packing industry of the Northwest, '
and distributes yearly the entire pack of j
the Columbia River, amounting to almost
500,000 easel yearly, valued at $3,000,000, j
'. and consuming 00,000 boxes of tin plate, j
I Formerly the greater portion of this pack !
w;is shipped foreign, but as the peerless !
qualities of the royal ChinooK became |
more generally recognized, the homo de
mand increased correspondingly, and now j
; almost tne entire pack finds a ready sale i
in the United States. In wages and sup- .
i plies the amount paid out by the canners
ASTORIA, OREGON, ON THE COLUMBIA RIVER.
: in Astoria for each season's operations i
foots up about $1,500,000.
With the enactment of proper laws for
the protection of tish and the establish- j
ment and maintenance of hatcheries on
an adequate scale, the salmon industry
may be made yerpetual and must always
occupy a prominent place among the in
fractions to competing lines of railroad.
Lasi year the total amount of salmon dis
tributed from Astoria, including the
spring and fall parks on the Colnmbia ana
fall packs at other points tributary to As
toria, was 658,600 cases, of which 481,600
rases comprised the spring pack of the Co
lumbia River.
With the completion of the railroad now
under construction to transcontinental
connection, Astoria will at once become a
formidable comri?titor for the handling of
: the Alaska salmon pack, averaging ov<jp
750,000 cases yearly. At present the bulk
; of this business is controlled in San Fran
' cisco, but Astoria's advantage geograph
ically places her in a position to bid on
more than even terms against her Califor
nia rival. The establishment of a regular
and frequent steamer servic; between As
toria and Alaskan points offers to capital
indurpment3 which will readily command
attention.
The city of Astoria has thi- year com
pleted a system of water works in which
its citizens feel a high degree of justifiable
pride. The works are of much more than
passing interest, both by reason of their
exceptional completeness, which an intel
ligent use of the natural advantages has
made possible, and by reason of the mag
: nitude of the results achieved by a very
moderate outlay.
The supply is taken from Bear Creek, a
i mountain stream 11}^ miles from Astori3.
1 The elevation above tide water of the di
i verting point on Bear Creek is 580 feet.
It terminates in a reservoir of 6,250,000
gallons capacity. As a result of the com
pletion of these works and an abundance- of
hydrants connected with the street mains,
the city is favored with fire protection not
surpassed anywhere. The main line con
duit discharges on the new reservoir at an
elevation of 420 feet. The total cost of the
works amounted to $220,700, which has
been raised by the issue of bonds.
For many years Astoria has had the
reputation of bf ing the largest city in the
United States having no railroad connec
tion. Many efforts have been exerted by
its citizens to induce capital to construct
a road to transcontinental connection, and
more than once companies have been
incorporated and the work commenced,
but from a combination of circumstances
it failed of completion.
During last year, however, the citizens
of Astoria raised a magnificent subsidy,
which has resulted in the incorporation of
the Astoria and Columbia River Railroad
by A. B. Hammond, a capitalist of Mon
tana, and his associates, who are under
contract to build the road in three years,
from June 1, 1X95. It is confidently ex
pected, however, that two years from that
date will see Astoria connected by rail
with Portland on the Willamette. The
Astoria and Columbia River Railroad,
now under construction, comprises sixty
two miles of line eastward between Astoria
and Goble (where the Northern Pacific
Railroad crosses the Columbia) together
with fourteen miles of line (Seashore" road)
acquired by the Astoria and Columbia
River Railroad Company, extending from
Youngs River and Bay at the west end of
the city of Astoria to Seaside. Also a line
three miles in extent (Flavel Extension)
will be built from Warrenton on the Sea
shore road, to the towosite of Flavel at
the mouth of the Columbia River.
The line from Flavel to and through
Astoria will be built and completed by
July 30 of. the present year, and into this
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
city for summer seaside excursions before
the 30th of this month.
It is a source of great satisfaction to the
citizens of Astoria, who have so liberally
subsidized the A. and C. Railroad Com
pany to build this line, to observe that
great care is being exercised that a road as
nearly perfect as possible shall be made.
Easement curves and grades are to be pro
vided for, substantial structures and
bridges constructed — first cost in this in
stance does not oblige the engineer to sac
rifice the good line he has macie out. The
best 75-pound steel rails are to be used
throughout. These have been purchased
in England, and tureecargoes were shipped
to Astoria in January and February last
and should arrive by the middle of this
month.
The line follows the left bank of the Co
lumbia Iliver from Goble to the mouth of
the river, a down grade in the direction of
the heavy traffic. The thousands of vis
itors who annually flock from the interior
to the favorite seaside resorts of Clatsop
Beach will be able this summer to take
the cars at Astoria, reaching the ocean
after a pleasant fifteen-mile ride. There
is no finer bathing beach to be found in
the world and doubtless this business will
grow, as the oeauties of the seashore of
Oregon become more generally known.
E. C. H olden, Secretary.
COMPELLED TO RETREAT.
American Filibusters Driven Off by the
Spanish After Landing Arms
in Cuba.
MADRID, Spain, June 23.— A dispatch
to the Imparcial from Havana says an ex
pedition consisting of 200 Americans, hav
ing a quantity of dynamite and a number
of Manser rifles, landed a few days ago
near Cardenas. They were attacked by a
Spanish force and compelled to retreat.
The Spaniards captured the munitions of
war ami are in pursuit of the filibusters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Juna 23.—Re
ports to the surgeon-general of t lie Marine
Hospital Service from the United States
Sanitary Inspectors in Cuba show terrible
increases of death from contagious dis
eases in the island. Dr. Caminero, the
official at Santiago, writei that "smallpox
is raging epidemically and the cases, which
can be counted by the hundreds, are in
creasing daily."
The American Consul at Sagua La
Grande reports that yellow fever is on the
increase among the troops at that point,
and from Cienfuegos the Consul reports
forty-nine deaths from smallpox and in
creasing yellow fever for the past week.
m
SALT LAKE HANE MUSUSNDS.
The Assets More Than Sufficient to Pay
Depositors in Full.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 23. —The Bank
of Salt Lake closed its doors this morning
and notices were posted that the sole pro
prietor, J. H. Bacon, had made an assign
ment to Frank W. Ross for the benefit of
the creditors of the institution. The lia
bilities are placed at $300,000 and the as
sets are valued at $400,000. ' The cause of
the suspension was the refusal of the New
York correspondents of the bank to honor
drafts falling due to-day. The liabilities
are in great part to local depositors. Mr.
Bacon says the assets if properly realized
will be more than sufficient to pay every
body in full.
The bank was established in 1888 as a
private banking institution and in 1892 it
was converted into a National under the
title of the American National Bank. In
1894 it was changed again to a private
bank and under its first title, the Bank of
Salt Lake. This is the only instance of a
bank failure in Salt Lake during the past
two years.
MISHAP TO THE ROVER.
The Taclit Tangled in the Kelp at
Wittier* Reach.
BANTA CRUZ, Cat,., June 23.— Word
was brought here iate this afternoon that
I the yacht Rover had gone ashore at
Wilders Beach up the coast. It was sup
■ posed that the Rover had gone to Mon
terey, as Captain Bruce had announced
1 last niprht before he left for San Francisco
j by steamer, and when the word came that
I the yacht had run acround at Wilders it
' was "feared she had struck a heavy gale
: and been turned from her course. Tom
; ArniHtrong and Mr. Cook, who run the
I naval reserve launch, put out at 6 o'clock
:to go to her rescue. They returned at
10:30 o'clock and reported that the Rover
i had got tangled in the kelp that lines the
; t>each and had a serious struggle, but had
': got off all right.
SUSUOA CHURCH BERNED.
Inadequate Water Supply Causes a Loss
of $10,000.
SONOMA, Cal., June 23.— St. Francis
Catholic Church on Napa street was burned
to the ground this afternoon. All the
treasures of the church, including valuable
vases, candlesticks, etc., gifts of the late
Mrs. Robert Johnson, were lost. The con
vent and rectory, though badly scorched,
were saved. The loss is estimated at $10
--000, well insured. The fire has demon
strated the inadequate water supply, and
will probably bring about an improvement
in the present system or cause the con
struction of new water works.
♦
Taken from Jail and l.t/nrhetl.
TRENTON, Term., June 23.— The negro
! who was recently brought here and lodged
in jail for safe-keeping, having been charged
! with a criminal assanlt in Weakly County,
; was taken from the jail to-nipht and
\ hanged. The people are very indignant,
| because a Weakly County negro was
| lynched on Gibson County soil.
lUr». Fleming Hot Guilty.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 23.— The jury
in the case of Mrs. Mary Alice Almont,
charged with having poisoned her mother,
Mrs. Bliss, has returned a verdict of not
guilty.
m
Tremaury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 23.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $102,176,340. The
day's withdrawals were $76,600.
• — « — •
Macdonough Theater
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— John Drew
and his company will be at the Macdon
ough Theater three nights and Wednes
day matinee, commencing July 7. He
will present "The Squire of Dames" and
"Christopher Jr. The order sale of seats
opens this Thursday,
JORDAN'S MISSION
TO BERING SEA,
He Goes at the Head of
the United States
Commission.
SENT TO GATHER DATA.
Instructed lo Find Out All He
Can Regarding the Herds
of Seals.
READY TO LEAVE SEATTLE.
Englishmen, Canadians and Japanese
Go as Guests of the Amer
icans.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 23.— President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford University,
who has been placed at the head of the
new Seal Commission created by the last
Congress, arrived in this city from San
Francisco last night, and went to the
Rainer-Grand, where he met the British
and Canadian commissioners, who will ac
company the commission north. Dr.
Leonard Stejneger and Frederick A, Lucas
of the National Museum, who are of the
commission, have not yet arrived in the
city, and Dr. Jordon stated to-night that,
on account of their delay, the Albatross,
on which the party will make the trip,
will not leave until next Wednesday morn
ing.
Dr. Jordan to-night talked to a Call
correspondent concerning the trip. The
British and Canadian Commissioners re
fused to be interviewed. No one of the
American Commission knows what in
formation the foreign Commissioners will
seek or what they will do after they pet
there. They are strangers to the Ameri
cans and go on the Albatross as guests.
They were appointed by their home gov
ernments, but their instructions are not
known. They stated that it would be
difficult for them to reach the desired
northern points, and Dr. Jordan and his
commission was asked to take them alone;
as his guests. The British Commissioners
are D'Arcy W. Thompson of the Uni
versity of Dundee, Scotland, Chairman
of the British Commission, and a Mr.
Hamilton of England, who went north by
way of Japan, and who will join the
Albatross party in Bering Sea. James
Macoun is the Canadian Commissioner,
Two Japanese Commissioners will join the
party when the Albatross reaches Japan
seas.
"The United States Government," said
Dr. Jordan^- is evening, "has created this
commission and sends it to the north, in
order that it may ascertain everything
concerning the habits, life and history of
the seals, as well as to learn a3 near as
possible the number of seals not only on
the American islands, but on all other
islands and in all other waters where seals
can be found. That is what we go north
for, and we will endeavor to the best of
our ability to get at the facts. I have been
given instructions and have in my pocket
thirteen questions, which the Government
wants answered. I have given, in sub
stance, the object of the trip, without
giving out any of the questions or any of
the instructions.
"There is every reason why the com
mission should be successful in its work.
We have the Albatross at our command,
good men to man her, and our accommo
dations will be all that we can desire.
"A wora about the commission: No
two men are more competent to deal with
the scientific aspects of the question than
are Dr. Stejneger and Professor Lucas.
The former, while in Norway, was recog
nized as the most learned student of the
anatomy of birds in the world. Because
ot that he was asked by Prof ssor Baird
to accept a position in the National Mu
seum, where he has been for twelve years
as curator of reptiles. He has contributed
many articles on birds and was in charge
of one expedition to the seal islands. I
have proof-sheets of his report in my
pocket, which the Government of the
United States looks upon as a model of
its kind. He also had charge of the expe
dition to Commander Islands, which
looked into all possible relics of the sea
cow, which was once found in the north,
but which has been extinct for a half
century.
"Professor Lucas is vrelt known as a stu
dent of anatomy, has written extensively
on birds and is the author of most of the
articles on higher animals in Johnson's
Encyclopedia. Joseph Murray is another
member of the commission. By reason of
his position as Special Treasury Agent on
the seal islands he has become familiar
with the economic aspects of fisheries in
all its details.
"Charles H. Murray, the naturalist of
the Albatross, has been a member of the
United States Fish Commission for twelve
years and has been on the Albatross since
it was turned over by the Naval Depart
ment to the commission. Captain J. F.
Moser, commander of the Albatross, is a
member of the commission and is re
garded as one of the wisest and most ca
pable members of the naval staff, and, as
it happens, is an old friend of Lieutenant
Austin F. Knight, Mrs. Jordan's eldest
brother. George F. Clark of Stanford will
be secretary of the commission.
"We go north by way of Sitka to Una
laska, and for the benefit of California
people let me say that Unalaska is the
only place where we will receive mail
during the summer. From Unalaska we
go to Prybilof Islands, the most important
of the American seal islands because of
the discussion as to how far the jurisdic
tion of the United States extends about
them. Next the Commander Islands of
Russia will receive our attention, and we
will after that visit all the rookeries in
Roten Island and on the Kurile Islands,
which belong to Japan.
"Of course, the itinerary of the latter
part of the summer will depend on the
weather and the necessity of going in
search of coal. All the details of the trip
have been left to me. We will return about
October 1, and some or all of tne commis
sion may return by way of the Japan
steamers."
BURGLARS SENTENCED.
Garcia and Page Each Given a tear at
San Quentin.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 23.— Apolonio
Garcia, alias Sanchez, who committed
some half-dozen burglaries in this city
during the Rose Carnival, was this morn
ing sentenced to one year in San Quentin
by Judge Lorigan. After his arrest Garcia
admitted robbing the residence of Mrs. J.
R. Bartruff , on South Seventh street, and
pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary in
the second degree.
Fred Page, who was caught in the act of
robbing A. E. Hafely's room in the Russ
House, on May 31, and subsequently
pleaded guilty to burglary in the first de
gree, was also sentenced co one year in
San Quentin. Page hails from San Fran
cisco and is but 19 years old.
SAN JOSE'S WILL CONTEST
The Celebrated Parker Case Is
Gradually Drawing to a
Close.
Lady Witnesses Testify as to the
Character and Conduct of the
Contestant.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 23. -The Parker
will case is gradually drawing to a close.
The respondents rested their case at noon
and contestants began offering testimony
in rebuttal this afternoon. Mrs. Delia
Binnott of San Francisco told a story of
the courtship of George H. Parker and
Mrs. Husbands. She said that Parker
had offered to settle $5000 and then $10,000
on Mrs. Husbands if she would marry
him, but she refused to do so.
At the opening of court this morning
' the respondents offered a certified copy of
the minutes in the suit of Charles Parker
against George H. Parker for slander in
I 1386. It was asserted by the contestant,
i Emma Parker, that this was a suit for
; $10,000 for alienating a wife's affections.
i It appeared that the action in question
was for slander. The case was decided in
iavor of the defendant, George H. Parker.
Mrs. Delia Sinnott of this city was then
put on the stand. She testified that she
was acquainted with Mrs. Husbands, the
lady who claimed that Georee 11. Parker
i at the time of his death was engaged to
] marry her. She said Pnrker wanted Mrs.
1 Husbands !o marry nini, and hat offered
; to settle $.^OOO on Mrs Husbands if she
! would marry him. He finally offered to
give Mrs. Husbands $10,000. She said
Mrs. Husbands subsequently told her that
! she (Mrs. Husbands) was very foolish to
, let the opportunity to marry George H.
j Parker slip by. She had twice met Mrs.
I Emma Parker. The first time was in
| July, 1894, at her mother's house in this
rity. This was shortly after the death of
, George Parker. Mrs. Emma Parker said
: that she was in California to break the
: will. She wanted Miss Sinnott to help
j her in the case, and she would give Miss
Sinnott a diamond ring and goiden crest
j worn by Geortte Parker. She had seen the
: diamond ring in question on George
Parker's hand. She had never been en
i gaged to marry George H. Parker.
Mrs. Emma A. Smith of San Francisco
! was the next witness. She first met George
! H. Parker In IVW.1 V W. Her ln:sband ami
! Parker had been intimate friend?. She
never questioned ParKer's sanity, and
: knew him to be a generous and liberal pro
; vider for his wife. She knew this, because
she had often done the shopping for Mrs.
i Parker, her husband always providing lib
erally.
The witness testified that Parker had
| often spoken of the bad woman his >on
' had married, and said he did not want her
to have a cent of his money. He knew
NEW TO-MAT.
Professional
Prince
.■..•••;.. t
Alberts
Prince Albert Suits for
! professional men.
Pique Clay Worsteds, blue
| and black ; or Vicunas, black
| and gray. $18 to $30.
Fabric and tailoring in
every point and particular as
good as the $45 to $65 suits OD JJ M bros . & co ~
! of our "swell tailors." S^filwwWl^
i ... /-. Wholesale Manufacturers
Black diagonal Clay Wor- Props. Oregon at? 00 un mm*
sted Cutaway Suits, $25. _ F^ ne C J° thi "f '-,
J . ' . * ° For Man, Boy or Child
$50 at the tailor's. RETAILED
We guarantee a perfect fit At Wholesale Prices
-■- ■ -, 121-123 SANSOME STREET,
— Chesterfield fit — or the Bet. Bush and finest*.
garment shall not leave the -•^^ L J?J^^i2£! S^^
store.
Our card explains our
| prices.
niIIIBBKaHHMHKnimHHHHi
she was bad, because he had thoroughly
investigated it for himself. He had told
the witness that for his indiscretion in
marrying the contestant he had cut off his
son without a dollar.
The last witness for the respondents
was Mrs. G. L. Smitft of San Francisco.
She had known George H. Parker for a
number of years, and denied that Parker
had showed any signs of mental weakness.
The contestants began offering testi
mony in rebuttal, by reading the deposi
tion of Caroline Page of New Haven,
Conn. The deponent is a cousin of Emma
Parker, and claims to have known her
from childhood. She said she had never
heard that Emma Parker was in a fast
house in Meriden, Conn., or anywhere
else. On cross-examination Mrs. Page ad
mitted it wm possible Emma Parker
might have lived an immoral life without
her hearing of it.
Mrs. Emma L. Parker, the contestant,
was put on the stand in rebuttal this
afternoon, and made a general denial of
the evidence introduced by the respond
ents during the trial. This closed the case
for the contestant, and the respondents
announced their testimony all in.
The issues upon which the case will be
submitted will be argued at 9 o'clock to
morrow morning. It is intimated that the
contestant will abandon the attempt to
break the will, except as to the subsidiary
legacy to Jane Poraeroy. It is thought a
verdict will be reached before the end of
the week.
HIGH SCHOOL COMMENCEMENT.
Numerous friends of Graduates Witneaa
the Awarding of Diplomas.
BAN JOSE, Cal., June 23.— The com
mencement exercises of the San Jose High
School weie held at the Auditorium this
evening. The place was elaborately deco
rated and an excellent programme was
rendered. The house was packed with
friends of the graduates. Tnose receiving
diplomas were: Carrie T. Alexander, Ma
bel Argues, Zoe Bartruff, Edna L. Beck,
Fred E. Borton, W. Kathryne Burkett,
Amy Bull, Charles Bull, M. Janie Carnes,
Henry P. Chandler, Joe Christensen,
Edith Clement, Belle Colahan, Frank
B. Cross, Haven W. Edwards, Mabel
Vor»vard, Anna G. Fraser, Co: a B. Fry.
H. Ray Fry, Ernest W. Gill, Harold P.
Gray, Kathryne J. Glubetich, Rudolph C.
Halla, Lloyd E. Harter, John Hay, D.
Clinton Hayward. Roy S. Herroid, Leroy
Herndon, George C. Humphrey, Milton C.
Ish, Rufus Kerlinger, Bessie Kieve,
Charles F. Metteer, Henriette V. Miller,
Mollie Miller, K. Gardner Mitchel, Pearlie
Noble, George D. Parkison, Mitilda
Prusch, Yosemita Ralston, George A.
Raven, Mollie P. Stark, James J. Tormey,
Guy F. Thurber, D. Josephine Walsh, Roy
B. Walter, It. Beatrice Wigle, Albert E.
Waltenspiel, Carrie F. Williams, Hannan
F. Wright, William Q. Wright.
COMMITTED TO A ARNE ITS.
Two Unfortunates With Murderous Ten
dencies Sent to the Asylum.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 23.— Clarence li.
Sonle, a laborer residing at Palo Alto, was
committed to Agnews In«nne Asylum, by
Judge Reynolds, this morning. He has
been living with his j aren;s, but of late
has been afflicted with chronic melan
cholia. He has frequently threatened the
life of his father, and on one occasion he
made a murderous attack on him with a
club. About eight years atro Soule was
confined in Napa Asylum. He is a native
of California, and 37 years of age.
Henry Hess, who became violently in
sane yesterday afternoon and attacked
Hugo Templin, inflicting serious injuries,
was committed to Agnews Asylum this
morning.
Alumni Association Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 23.— The Alumni
Association of tne San Jose High School
has elected the following officers for the
ensuing year: President, Jesse A. Tudor:
vice-president, Ed. Christensen; corre
sponding secretary, Gertrude Freitag;
financial secretary, Ray Fry; treasurer,
Fred Gray; executive committee, Clara
Gussefeld, Fleda Perrin, Haven Edwards,
£d Whitney and J. Kocher.
SANTA BARBARA MARINES.
Adjunct to the Xttval Reserve of the State
Militia.
SANTA BARBARA, CAI.. June 23.— A
meeting of young men was held in
Grand Army Hall last night for the pur
pose of organizing a new company of
marines to be added to the naval reserve
of the State militia. Seveuty-six names
were subscribed to the roster and an elec
tion of oth'cers resulted : First lieutenant,
I). F. Hunt; second lieutenant, J. W.
Squiers; first ensign, Harry Bate* ; sec
ond ensign, Charles A. Hunt; treasurer,
J. M. Warren. This company will be
mustered into the service of the State
next January, and will form a part of the
battalion of Southern California. The
very cream of young Santa Barbara men
have rallied to this call, and the organiza
tion bids fair to do honor to the city and
valley.
! MORNING
I You have just come out of a fitful,
tossing, weary sleep, and as you rub
; your eyes you note a full head, a
weary brain and a weakness — "all
! gone" weakness. Now you know
what is the matter. There is no
necessity to preach. The real neces-
sity is action. You are suffering
', from neurasthenia, nerve loss, lack
of energy, lack of capacity, and you
want a sure and complete cure.
NOON
JL 1 \J vJL I
Having. realized your true necessity,
you question, Where am I to go?
Don't go. Stop right wherever you
may be and learn about the wonder-
ful remedio-treatment, the creat
Hudyan. After you have used tnis
great remedio-treatment you will
feel like the spring birds. Happy,
happy, always happy. A new light
will come into your eyes and a glad,
joyous, merry heart, for you will be
complete— you will be well— will
be a strong, vigorous man.
NIGHT
Comes and you are no longer bash-
ful; you are no longer in the gloam-
ing. No; you are beyond that.
The great Hudyan has done its
work, and done it well. Would you
believe hundreds and hundreds of
the best of people have indorsed the
wonderful remedio-treatment, the
great Hudyan? Hudyan is the
flower of youth for man. Hudyan
stops the fluttering sensation of the
heart. Hudyan cures nervous
trouble?. You can see for yourself.
Call or write for
HUDYAN t
'; CIRCULARS. :
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW
> I Pimples. ■
i , .——Copper-colored spots.
J Sore mouth.
Sore throat.
Falling hair.
Enlarged lumps.
Glandular lumps.
Skin eruptions. —
:'■—. Partial loss of eyebrows. — -
— — Sore eyes.
When in this condition don't i?o to hot
springs— go to the old doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
j thirty days.
i — blood — :
CURES. :
Free. Call or write.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
: OF THE
CONDITION and affairs
OF. THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, .ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
, Political Code, condensed as per blank tarnished
! by the Commissioner. «
■ ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company...... $385,585 72
; Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,549,502 50
i Cash in Company's Office... 1.129 88
Cash in Banks m,201 61
I Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 244,436 33
Total asaests $2,307.856 04
INABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid....;.... $70,460 18
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 119,953 00
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 38,589 95
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or less, $1,545,-
-961 90. reinsurance 50 percent.. 772,980 9i
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $882,-
-766 10, reinsurance pro rata 490,830 62
All other demands against the Com-
pany 45,000 00
Total liabilities... $1,537,814 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums — 1,896,651 48
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 65,964 26
Received for Rents 3.443 83
Total Income $1,966.069 52
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. $1,113,679 61
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 313,603 94
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charge? for Officer*, Clerks, etc.. 171,951 02
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 42.967 96
Another payments and expenditures 149,984 34
Total expenditures $1,792,166 87
Fire Losses Incurred ;
during the year $1,062,339 00
risks a PRF.Mimn. Fire Bisks. Premiums.
2?et amount of Risks
written during the
year $224,395,432 $2,584,042 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 217,651,084 2,562.295 69
Net amount in force
December 31, 1895 208.943,226 1 2,428,728 00
E. LITCHFIELD, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day
of January, 1896. .
C. K. VALENTINE, Notary Public.
Mil & WILSON, Managers,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
N. E. Corner California and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FKANCISCO CAL..
LI PO TAI JR. : /""X-
Chinese Tea and Herb L-r- J
Sanitorinm, J^sHj
No. 727 Washington St., \♦* 3
San Francisco, C*l. *3 I
Cor. Branham PUo* abo»i iJbl-, A .
U>e plaza, .JW" Xfw.
Office Hours: 9to 13, ■—*^ lfe LM^\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- *Q&f?
day, 9 A. M . to IS M.
Li Po Tai Jr., son of the famous LI ?i
Tal, has taken his* father's business,
and is, after eleven years* study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
! treat all diseases.ANOTHER BODY LIES UNDER THE WRECK,
E. Jewitt Saw a Dead Man
Pinioned Beneath
the Debris.
PATRICK M'KEOWN DEAD
The Proprietor of the 111-Fated
Brighton House Suc
cumbs.
SOME ONE IS SADLY TO BLAME-
All Work on the Ruins Suspended
for Fear That the Adjoining Build
ing Will Share the Same Fate.
Under a mass of debris and heavy tim- j
bers of the wrecked lodging-house on [
Mint avenue and Fifth street lies the body I
of an unfortunate and unknown laborer, j
buch is the statement of E. Jewitt, a
laborer at 148 Fifth street, who says that
he saw the body at the lime that he as- !
sisted in removing poor Jesse May from
the basement a few minutes after the
Brighton lodging-house toppled over into
Mint avenue on Monday afternoon.
From midnight Monday until the pres
ent time nothing has been done toward
Jewitt Led the Searchers to the Place Where He Saw the Dead Man's lioiy
Before the Side Wall Settled.
searching in the ruins for the body o:
bodies, should there happen to be mon
than one. In this, as in many matter:
where public officials are concerned, th<
work is progressing very slowly, and yes
terday was consumed in an effort to faster
the blame and responsibility for the affan
upon some one. Meanwhile thousands o
people stood around the ruins and won
dered why something had not been an.
was not being done besides ollicially in
vestigating.
They wondered why no efforts were be
ing made toward recovering the body o
the Door workingman that was lvin§
crushed under heavy timbers in the debris
and ooze of the basement.
Chief Engineer Sullivan, Assistant
Dougherty and the other officials of th«
Fire Department gave their explanation!
as to why the work haa been stopped, say
insrthat * the foundation of the adjoining
building was not firm enough to warrant
the removal of the wreckage. The Chief
ordered the owner of the building in ques
tion to brace up the walls and foundation
to prevent it from toppling over into tin
ruins of the lodging-house.
In the afternoon E. Jewitt took District
Engineer Dougherty and several other- to
a spot in the basement and showed them
when; he had seen the body of a dead man
soon after the crash took place. He says
that since the side wall had settled the
body is now jammed against the street
embankment.
Coroner Hawkins made an inspection of
the premises in or.li r to be informed as to
the situation when holding the inquests
on the bodies at the Morgue.
The question of responsibility caused
much discussion, each party directly or
indirectly interested claiming that he is
not to blame. It is likely that some one
will be called to task for the accident.
■ From all accounts neither ti>e architect
nor the sub-ion tractor took the trouble to
secure a permit from the proper authorities
for the alterations of the building, and the
Fire Wardens did not take the trouble to
see if the work was being done under a
permit or not.
Late last evening PatricK McKeown, one
of the victims of the accident, died in the
Receiving Hospital, after suffering great
agony for over thirty hours. He was the
proprietor of the Brig ton House.
ANOTHER VICTIM DEAD
Patrick McKoown Dies From Being
Crushed Between Two Large
Timbers.
Patrick McKeown, who, with his wife,
conducted the Brighton House, died of his
injuries last evening in the Receiving
Hospital. He was in one of the middle
rooms on the second story when the house
went down. A.S the structure toppled over
McKeown was caught between two large
beams, which pres.-ed upon him so Hard
that he couid hardly breathe, it was ne
y to cut the timbers to remove the
sufferer. He was sent at once to the Ke
ceiving Hospital, where the doctors said
that the man's injuries, which were inter
nal, wrre of such a character that his re
covery would be doubtful. He lingered in
great agony until last night, when, at 9:55
o'clock, he died.
The last sacraments of the church were
j performed shortly before by Rev. Father
Jacquet of St. Ignatius College. The
man died surrounded by his wife, relatives
and friend-. He was conscious aim
the last. HisriDßhad been crushed and
had pierced his lungs. The body was
j taker, to the Morgue.
H >"..c\ her 1, one of the lodgers in ;he
same house, is still in the hospital. His
rii'ht ■ lied.
John Lyons, Simeon Deane and Richard
Bucking were taken to their homes Mon
day evening, and Mrs. Joseph Byrne wont
to a friend's house yesterday. Miss S. A.
j Byrne was taken to St. Mary's Hospital*
A. Leuenberger to the French Hospital
i and Dennis (irifHn to the City and County
Hospital. Griffin is seriously injured.
Ip wounds and interna'. in-
I juries his right thigh was smashed and
i Ins kidnov.t were iniiirpri.
STOPPED THE WORK
I Chief Suliivan Says That the Ad
joining Building Must Be
Strengthened.
The work of charing away the debris
: was Btopped at midnight Monday by order
;of Chief Sullivan, who decided that i;
! would not be safe to proceed further in
; that line. When the work was stopped
i the top story had been removed and sev-
I eral holes cut in the second floor, which
j now rests in The basement. This was to
I ena!;le the firemen to look for any bodies
j ttiat might be between the two floors, but
c were found.
The Chief's next order was to dirpct J.
T. Kelly and Mr>. Charles K. Pinney, the
j owners of the four-story frame bouse a<i
joining to brace up the east trail and ;
"'jack up" under tne east part of the
building with a long temporary girder in
; order to allow a strengthening oi the ;
; foundation wall. The Chief says that the
brick foundation is still new and the mor
j tar fresh. The s-oft nature of the sand and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUKE 24, 1896.
the moist condition of the ground is likely
to let the building down on the east side,
which would result in a crash similar to
that of Monday. He cla ins that the re
mainder of the wrecked building is pre
venting the Kelly building from toppling
over, acting as a brace. Mr. Keliy set to
work to comply with the Chief- order, but
he does so much against his will. He
states that his building is on a linn
foundation and that the side walls rest on
a seven-foot brick wall, with a two-foot
footing.
He claims further that the collapsed
building is no support whatever to his,
but, on the contrary, that the pressure
caused by the weight is pressing against
the bottom of his building and the brick
wall of Use foundation. Ik asserts that
there is no danger, as his house stands as
plumb as the day it was put up eighteen
years ago.
It will take at least another twenty-four
hours to put in the required bracing
against the east wall. Until that is ac
complished no more rubbish, broken
timbers and debris can be removed from
the cellar of the ill-fated building.
BURIED IN THE CELLAR.
E. Jewitt Showed Where the Body
of a Dead Man Is
Lying.
"There is one more man buried in that
pile," said E. Jewitt of 148 Fifth street to
District Kngineer Dougherty and Coroner
Hawkins yesterday afternoon, and he led
the officials to the spot where he said he
saw the body a few minutes after the
building went down. The men went down
the rough ladder into the basement,
picked their way among broken timbers
and piles of brick until they reached a
spot on the east side, midway of the
structure.
"It ;s in there between the side wall and
tbe street embankment." said Jewitt.
"1 was at work cleaning brick under
the rcr.r of the building, when I heard
the tracking of timbers, and instantly 1
r> a [zed what \va< happening. I called to
the men to run, and I sprang to the west
wall, which did not come down, and saved
myself. Alter great difficulty I got out on
the street without any injury, but badly
shaken up. Then I thought of Jesse May,
with whom I had been working, and I
started oack, followed by a number of lire
m a. We picked our way to where I last
saw May and I found him lying there,
bleeding. I caught hold of him, but he
was fast under some timbers. I got hold
of a man's leg and said, 'Jess, is that your
lee?' He said : 'No; it must be the man
who fell on me. For God's sake, help me
out.'
'•Some one got a light and we took May
out, but before I went I saw the man he
spoke about. The man had evidently
tried to crawl along the street embank
ment when a big timber caught him
across the middle of the back and he was
'crushed to the ground, his lem lying on
May's body. I saw the man plainly. He
was" lying* face down and bis head was
covered with' blood. I noticed that lie
w.as bald on the top of his head. lam
sure the man was dead. The sidewalk at
that time was several feet above the base
i meat Holt, but it has settled since, antl in
j doing >o it come down inside of where the
nirtn was lying. We carried May out, and
by that tune all my strength was spent, so I
went b< rue to tell my wife tha. I was not
seriously hurt.
"To-day I went down to the Morgue to
see is the man's body "as there, but it was
not, so it must be here."
Dougherty said that there was plenty of
room for a man's body in the position de
scribed by Jewitt, but that it wouid not be
possible to reacu the .lead man until after
the debris and timbers are all out. The
place indicated by Jewitt is a ma
: broken timbers, crushed wall, bricl; ehim
i ney and debris.
This is the second time that Jewitt has
| had a narrow escape from .death. Four
Lodgers of the Brighton Looking Over the Recovered Property for Lost Articles.
years ap-o, while cleaning the ferry-boat I
Piedmont, he fell overboard and was al- '
most drowiieU.
WHO WAS TO BLAME?
Officials Trying: to Fasten the
Responsibility on the
Culprit.
The Coroner and the officials of the Fire
! Department made a long investigation
I yesterday to determine who was respon
i i sible for the accident and the attending
i fatalities. It is needless to say that each
one interested tried to throw the blame
; ! upon some one else. It will no doubt fall
i : upon cither Sibley, Gleason or Davis, the
; i sub-contractors, or perhaps upon all three.
Coroner Hawkins interviewed several of
! \ the workmen. One was Mike Howard, a
i ' laborer, who lives on Twenty-sixth street,
; ! near San Jose avenue. He said that early
Monday morning he noticed that the large
. i iore-and-aft timber under the floor was on
,' a slant. The jackaerews and cribs were
i i also out of place; that they were not
j ! squared up as they should be. Howard
: called the attention of Foreman Davis to it,
t I but the latter said that they were all
i right, and that the timber was just a little
i warped. The jackserews in particular
j were "off," and he did not think they
• | were safe, but he could not do anything.
Here District Engineer Dougherty inter
. posed the statement that Fire Warden
i | McCluskey had made an inspection of the
building early in the morning and found
everything all right.
William Lenahan, a laborer employed
in building the foundation, declared that
i he saw nothing out of tue way with the
, underpinning.
E. D. Davis, Pibley's colored foreman,
stated that at 3 :30 p. m. he was in the base
ment and saw that everything was all
t n k rbt -
An inspection of the wrecked premises
[ by District Engineer Shaughnessy, Fire
' I Marshal Towe and Mr. Pierson, a well-
I j known architect, will probably do much
; j toward fixing the rebponsibility where it
> ! belongs.
They spent considerable time yesterday
afternoon in the basement and found
1 plenty of evidence of either criminal care
-1 lessness or ignorance. Even with the
■ timbers, cribs and jackscrews twisted and
i displaced by the collapse very grave evi
dence of lax methods were discovered. In
the rirst place, those excavating the sand
had next to undermined cribs and sup
' porting blocks. The street enbanknient,
after being planked up, had been braced
by large pieces of timber placed against
the cribs, the intermediate Dlocksand the
fore and alt timber under tne Moor. The
street bank naturally settled and the buig
ing sand pressed against tiie braces, which
in turn pressed in the cribs and other teiu
j porary supports.
With the immense weight of the build
ing pressing downward, the lateral pres
sure from the street embankment oper
ating upon the cribs, the cribs undermined
by the excavators, it Wuuld have been sur
prising to Mr. Shaughnessy if tne building
j had been able to stand.
Considerable has been said about the
water in the basement. Several claim
that the basement is really a quicksand
and that the foundations under the cribs
were washed out by the water that flows
I through the sand.
Coroner Hawkins said that when the in-
I quests are held on the bodies he will have
I all of the evidence he can pet, and if there
I is sufficient to warrant a criminal prosecu
> tion he will cause the arrest of the guilty
parties.
THEY HAD NO PERMIT.
Repairs to the Fifth-Street Build-
ing Apparently Without Legal
Authority.
Seven hours before the building on Fifth I
street came crashing down, burying be-
Death its fatal weight nearly a score of
inmates and passers-by, John McCluskey,
relief engineer and lire warden, went be
neath the building, and, as he states, ex
amined the work carefully. He says he
found it resting upon dibs, not needles as
has Lecn stated. "I would have been
willing to sl-ep there," .said John Mc-
Cluskey. "What the contractors may
have done after I left of course I don't
know. You never can tell what these
contractors are going to do. Of course, I
couldn't anchor there. I had other duties
to attend to."
So far McCloakey's statement seems to
be satisfactory, bill there is one circum
stance upon which neither McCluskey nor
any one else connected with the Fire De
partment seemed to be able to throw any
particular light, upon. That is, by whose
permission the building was beinir re*
i aired at all. It is within the Cre limits,
anJ the ordinance seems clear enough
upon the que-tion of permits necessary to
be obtained and lue manner of obtaining
them for repairs within the City limits.
Yet among those who should be be.it
posted 'the matter seems to be very Lazy.
Inquiry of out- of the Fire Wardens who
was iUperint<'!iiJi!ij_' the w->rk of clearing
away the debris elicited the information
that the work of reconstructing the build
ing was being regularly prosecuted under
a permit issued by the City Superintend
ent of streets. At the headquarters of
that official a permit relating to the prem- ]
ises was readily found, but it failed en- i
tireiy in serving as a warrant for the work j
which was being done. The authority of
the Street Department ends with the street
line. The permits which they issue in re
lation to new buildings are uniform niid i
m:iy be obtained by any onr upon deposit
ing $20 a*< a guarantee of good faith. These
permits simply ullow the grantes to ob
struct one-third of the street with build- |
ins materials for a limited time. Such a j
permit>was on June 10 jrrnn'ed to Adam
Miller for the Fifth-street building. "Per
mits for the reconstruction of buildiiigs
within the fire l'mits may be found at the
office of the Fire I'ej.artmcnt."
At the office of the Fire Commissioners,
Fire Marshal and Fire Wardens they
either bad no record of the permit to 1
Miller or refused to show it. Tii^ clerk
••aid the place to pet the information was
from the clerk of the Board of Supervisors.
Here the search practically ended. C'.erk
.(. I». Russell said that all applications for
permits to repair buildings within the fire
limits should come before the *'ire Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors. He
had records of all permits granted, and a
search for six montds back failed to show
that any permit had been granted for the
building which has collapsed. "That set
tles it," said the clerk; "they have got no
permit."
McCluskey, when asked about the per
mit, was very much inclined to evade the
issue. "It is my duty as Fire Warden/
he said, "to examine all the buildings
south of Market and east of Seventh. I
examined the Fifth-street building all
right Monday morning and it was ad safe
and sound. Of course 1 don't know what
may have happened after that"
"Did you demand to see the permit
under which the work was being done?"
McCiuskey was asked.
"Well," he replied, "they had a permit
from the Street Superintendent. They
had to have that before they could tear up
the sidewalk."
"Did you see this permit? " he was
asked.
McCiuskey admitted he hadn't seen the
permit, but it was the Street Superin
tendent's duty to see that no sidewalks
were torn up without a permit, and he
supposed the Street Superintendent had
done his duty.
Then John McCluskey made a most re
markable statement. He said it was not
the custom of Fire Wardens to demand
permits for the mere replacing of a foun
dation, even if it is within the fire limits.
"If the foundation is insecure, " he said,
we serve a notice upon them to repair it.
"If they repair it without notice, we are
glad of it and say nothing about permits."
The Fire Warden seemed to be laboring
under considerable doubt as to just when
a permit was necessary. He finally ad
mitted that if the whole front of a building
was to be torn off a permit would be es
sential, and in such a case he thought the
Fire Warden's duty was to see that the
owner or the contractor had one.
"If you saw such work in course of con
struction," he was asked, "would you de
mand to see the permit? "
"Well, if there was a permit," he said,
"we would honor it. We would see it in
the Dapers and ttien we would be noti
fied." So McCluskey must have known
that there was no permit issued for the re
pairing of the building.
In the General Orders of the Board of
Supervisors the matter seems to have beeu
lucidly stated, and the befogged condition
of the official minds on the subject seems
rather uncalled for. The following is the
section:
Sec. 40. No wooden building within the
fire limits shall be altered, changed or re
paired without permission in writing, signed
by a majority of the Fire Wardens, approved
by a committee on Fire Department and the
Mayor, wnich permit shall fully express the
alterations, changes or repairs allowed, a copy
of which shall be tiled by the grantee, within
two days, in the office of* the Chief Engineer
and Fire Marshal; but no permit shall be
given to increase the «ize of said building, ex
cept as provided for iv this order.
Another section provides that it shall
be the duty of the Fire Wardens to see
thut the provisions of this order are car
ried out, and in case of violations they are
instructed to make complaint to a" Po
lice Judge.
A NARROW ESCAPE.
S. L, Shields of Sacramento Came
Near Being One of the
Victims.
A dispatch to The Call from Sacra
mento states that S. L. Shields of that city
narrowly escaped being included in the
j list of wounded or dead of the building
i collapse in San Francisco Monday, having
j left the building but a few minutes before
I the awful catastrophe occurred, after an
interview with Sarah Byrne, one of the
unfortunate victims. In speaking of the
matter Mr. Shields said:
I had engaged toe services of Miss Byrne for
iuv laundry here In Sacramento, aud "just be
fore leaving the City I called at the house to as
certain it she would roiiie up on the following
I day. As I passed into the building I noticed that
I the floor SHnk under my weight, and thought
at the time that the building was unfitted toi
I occupancy. The feeling increased, for wnile
I in conversation with Miss Byrne I could hear
the tlmben in the wall creaking and groaning.
I called the matter to the attention of Miss
]'. yrrie and her relatives, saying: "Do you
hear those sounds? This building la unsafe.' 1
in answer llw^. replied that they had also
: b 'ii Hlarined. but that the contractor had
told the lundlady that everything was per
j fee tly safe.
,\- I : s,M -d out of the building I noticed the
sinking an'! giving of the floor, and
when I got out on the sidewalk, my curiosity
I being nronsed I looked under the building oh
tii south *id<- und found that the stringers of
I the foundation did not rest upon the shoring
by over two inches and seemed to be very in
secure, resting as they did ou a bed of sand
that seemed obe slowly shifting. Shortly
after 1 left the vicinity the building col
lapsed.
AROUND THE RUINS.
But Little Property of Value Left
After Passing Through the
Wrec'<.
The wrecked lodging-house looked yes
terday as though it had been struck by a
tornado. Broken timbers, smashed furni
ture, scraps of clothing and bric-a-brac
were scattered over the adjacent streets.
The firemen gathered up all of the hitter
NEW TO-DAY.
| I Mil IN o
I p""™™"™! I SPRING
I 1 *^V 35 [| SUMMER
P^^^^^^l | oUIIo,
jl . \\ In the latest shades,
L-^^Bv^^^^CTE^aiaHHEEgJ patterns and styles.
A i£ iJ IN PRICE
« IMMMnM -^.i II ■■■ $10, $12. 50, $13.50, $15.00
* _^_ c> til T*f^ A *T^
ILLMMkILJ-U-L — lU LTTHir~lirirniliTTTll 1 1 Hi II III— SUITS AT
11111111 '■""'■■HBHaSffl REGULAR PRICES
■ nuUU LAn rnlOcb
DURING OUR GREAT
Alteration
Sale!
"While we are making oar store bigger— cutting through
to Ellis street (to accommodate our customers and the in-
creased trade) we are -offering big bargains — ALTERED
prices for the ALTERATION" Sale. Other people talk
about bargains— just watch our ALTERED prices and
compare! Remember, too. fashionably cut and tailored —
NO TRASH! ■"
H. BDMMERFIELD & CO.,
922-930 Market Street.
; UNDER THE BALDWIN HOTEL.
that was of any value and piled them on
the sidewalk beside the Mint. During the
day those who had lived in the Brighton
inspected the pile to see if they could re
cognize anything that belonged to them.
Several took away small articles, but a
larg» amount was left, evidently being re- ;
garded as not worthy of further trouble.
Upon receiving Chief Sullivan's order
to clear the wood and rubbish from the '
street the owners of the Brighton and the j
contractors at once set a lot of men and
teams to work. The teams were kept on
the move all day, and by night consider
able of the stuff was carted away. A large
force of police were kept on the ground,
their duty being to protect the property
from the thieves who riack to su.cn places \
and to keep the larce crowd of curious and
sympathetic away from the workmen.
CHIEF SULLIVAN'S VIEWS.
He Says the Alteration Was Not
Such as Called for a
Permit.
Chief Sullivan stated last evening that
no permit had bean issued for the work
being done to the building and that none
was needed.
"Putting in a foundation," he said, "is ;
not such an alteration or repair as to re
quire a permit. It is only making the
structure more safe, and no one can pre
vent them from doing that. liaising or
lowering the building would require a
permit, and in that case it would be the
duty of the Fire Wardens to see that they
had it. The only thing they did in this
case that would call for a permit was dig- j
ging under the sidewalk. To do that they '
should have a permit from the Street De- j
partment. If they had that they are all
rieht."
Reverting to the catastrophe the Chief j
said: "It is hard to say where tne blame
lies, but it wa3 a cheap contract and it was i
evidently tho resuli of a 'penny-wise-ar.d
pound-foolish' policy. I was reliably in
formed to-day that Gleason came very
near having a similar accident on a larger ;
scale some time ago. He was raising the j
Langdon, the big five-story hotel on the |
corner of Mason and Ellis streets, when ,
it commenced to shift slowly. Architect i
Frank Shea chanced to come along and
he directed his energies toward saving the
building until far into the night, with
rinal success. Had the Langdon collapsed
as did tliis building the loss of life would I
have been frightful.
"What this City needs is a bureau of
inspection, such as the large Eastern cities
have. These bureaus are composed of
men skilled in architecture nnd construc
tion. Tho results are far more satisfac
tory than can be looked for from men who
have been trained only to put out fires."
The D^ad Victims.
The bodies of Mrs. Ernestine Silverst° ; n
and Jesse May, the two victims of trie
Fifth-street disaster whose injuries re
sulted fatally, were yesterday conveyed
from tbf> Morgue to an undertaking estab
lishment at 122 Eddy street, where ar
rangements will be made for their funeral.
MONTEREY SALMUS CLANERY
Big Catches of the Sportive H»h Interest
CapitnUit*.
MONTEREY, Cal., June 23.— Owing to
the large catch of salmon in Monterey
Bay the Sacramento River Packers' Asso
ciation has decided to start a cannery in
Morteiey. Last week J. P. Haller, the
manager of the company, arrived in Mon
terey and made all necessary arrange
ments for the immediate placing of the
plant. It is now in position and ready for
operation. Mr. Haller says that he
can handle about 1500 salmon per day, and
will employ quite a number of boys and
girls. He expects to pay the fishermen
about 2' 2 0r3 cents per pound for their
fish, which is a great deal better than they
can do on an average Dy snipping to San
Francisco.
The company will al3O handle fruit, and
thus the orchardists will nn<i a home
market. The Sacramento River Packers'
Association is a strong financial concern
and owns two large canneres — one at
Black Diamonn, in Contra Costa County,
and the other at Chipps Island, Solano
County. The establishment of this enter
prise is of great importanc? to the people
of Monterey, as it will furnish work during
the packing season to quite a number of
unemployed people.
Heat Kill* a Fetalutna Jtanrh Hand.
PETALUMA, Cal., June 23.— Coroner !
i'oung will hold an inquest on the re
mains of an Italian, Tranquil Gubbi by
name, who had resided here with his
family. He was aick and out of work, but
found employment on tne Soldate ranch
four days ago. The heat overcame him
while in the field Monday and he was
bro tight to hia home, where he was at- ''■
tended by his wife, but died before the
doctor arrived. There beng some rumors
afloat that he was poisoned the funeral
was delayed and an autopsy will be held.
NEW _ TO-DAT.
Steadies the
Nerves
of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic and a non-intoxicating
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
Builds up Invalids
The strengthening and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by-
such tests as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent
of the New York Postoffice,
various government depart-
ments in Washington, and
thousands of physicians.
Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson-, Selling Agents,
92 William St., New York.
Do you
need any
Of these items? If so, call on us at
once, for they won't last long.
Real China. Decorated Dessert Plan's,
were 15c: now 1 Oc.
Real China Decorated Dinner Plates,
wore 20c; now 2 Tor 2 sc.
Real China, Decorated Dinner Plat**, tinted o:\zf.
.- :, ■■■:.- were 25c; now i.-,c.
Real China, Decorated Dinner I'lates, extra laree,
were 30c; now 15c.
English Decorated Cups and Saucers, Ur^e size.
3 for 2 .-,<-.
Table Lamps.
NICKEL STAND, CENTER
DRAUGHT, 40 CANDLE POWER
Complete with Shade and
Chimney,
Were $200; now $1.55
t?"EAZOi:s and SIIKAKS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
\ biSSZO MARKET ST.
s-*7i7\i3Li::Kr'!S
I |.V RESPONSE TO THE DEMANDS OP MANY
I A of our patrons we have concluded to establish
! a '•Table d'Hote" dinner, beginning Thursday, June
I 25, from 5 to 8 P. St.. the price of which will be »1.
! The highs' andard of excellence that we have so
I carefully preserved for so many years will recom-
; mend this new feature to the public.
SWAIN BROS..
Props. Swain's Restaurant, 213 Sutter.
F MONARCH .
v 10UJWB IV IK ILIUFACTCRIN CO., '•;
: ,*. 3 and 5 Front St.; San Francisco. ,*,
I .*. CH AS. BROWN A SON, 807 Market, Ag*t. jrS
j £ C. F. SALOMONSON & CO.. Twelfth and ©
iQL Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. «_«,
NOTICE TO _SU!POWNEB&
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with its hydrants.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
propose to er»"ct on tli^ seawall, between Howard
and Mission streets. Ships lying in the stream
will be informed at the above office, a', the time of
making such applications, . from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonable
notice must be given in all cases, and applications
will be filled at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. an.l 0 p. m. daily, Sundays and
holidays excepted, unless specially contracted
otherwise
By order of the Board of Directors.
I'ELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford ■:■ "Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $00, $75.
Phcenix "Stands the Racket"
SIOO.
The guarantee of the Crawford • same as thai
given with $100 wheels.
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
1510 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
Redemption of Dopont-St. Bonds.
fTIREASrUKR'S OFFICE. CITY AND COUNTY
1 of San Francisco, June 17, 1896.
Holders of Dupont -street bonds issued under an
act of ;he state Legislature entitled, "An aft to
authorize the widening of Dupout street. in the
City of San Francisco," adopted March 23, 1876.
are hereby notified that the uiulersijrned win re-
ceive sealed proposals for surrender of said
bonds, as provided by section 18 of said act, at
his office. in the New City Hall, San Francisco,-
until Vi o'clock noon of TUESDAY, June 30,
Ife9*>.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said bonds is about three hundred and seventy-rive
thousand dollars ($375,000). Bidders will state
at what rate they will surrender their bonds for
payment, less coupons due. No proposals above
I par will be considered.
Bids to be indorsed. "Proposals for Surrender of
1 Dupont-strvet Bonds." A. C. WIDBSR,
City and County Treasurer.
■"""OPIUM
ami of WIT I w IWI
The pur» essential extract from the native drug. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without Ha noxious elements. No sickness cf stomaca<
no vomiting ;no costiveness ,no headache. All Drcioclsts
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 ft
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. S.OO
Dally »nd Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall ». 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
to, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
inUs it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Oflice will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE;
710 Market Street,
Kan Francisco, California.
Telephone „_ siuin-IS6&
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
THernene ££- ....Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner CUy; open nntil
• :80 o'clock.
338 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
115 Main street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 lark Row, New York Cit*.
VIC M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
WEDNESDAY ■■'■•■' JUyE-24, lS9t>
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIBKXT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOB VICK-I'KESIDEM-
GARRETT A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KI.KCTION KUVJUIBBB 9, IR9«.
The question of the campaign: Do you
wish work and wages?
Work for McKinley is a home industry
in every sense of the phrase.
Eveo* American workshop will be a
McKinlev headquarters this year.
With the Democrats anything is good
that helps to hide the Cleveland record.
For the present the center of the United
States is at Canton, Ohio, and all roads
lead there.
Now that the people no longer wish him
at Washington, Cleveland won't leave even
to go fishing. _
The financial crisis came in with the
Cleveland deficit administration and will
go out with it.
Democracy may be ready for a new de
parture but she has only old back-number
chromos to lead it.
If there is any way to read the Demo
cratic party out of itself Daggctt will do it.
He remembers Stockton/
It seems even Cleveland has begun to
wilt a little, and is now willing to talk
bimetallism as a compromise.
There is a possibility the gold men may
start a party of their own just to give Wall
street a chance to ratify something.
Democracy and Populism will never fuse
until they can agree which is to ride in
the cart and which is to do the pulling.
It looks as if New York Democrats
would play a lone hand iv this campaign
and sacrifice everything to save Tammany.
In this campaign there will be no ele
ment of confusion. The people know
what they wish and they know how to*
get it.
The only way Chicago can get a profit
from the convention is to take a census
while it is in town, and she will be sure
to do it.
All th« Democratic Presidential candi
dates are as busily ta\ king as if they were
afraid a relapse into silence might be con
strued as golden.
The personal factor of McKinley's noble
life will have a ereat influence in this
campaign and win many a vote for the
eoldier candidate.
One by one the leaders of the Cleveland
Democracy are rising up to declare they
do not wish the Presidential nomination
and never expected it.
If Cleveland sees no chance to get sat
isfaction out of this country he may be
just mad enough to whirl in and take it
out of the bide of old Spain.
Silver Republicans who think of bolting
the party will change their minds when
they see the sort of leaders who will be
nominated by Democrats and Populists.
General Wtyler can make promises of
an active campaign just ac easily as the
Democratic party, and the promises in the
one case are just about as valuable as in
the other.
The free-traders will resort to every
trick their ingenuity can devise to detract
the people from the tariff issue and beat
McKinley, but it is a foreeone conclusion
tbeir tricks will be in vain.
From the welcome given to Hobart on
his return home it seems certain that the
Jersey voters intend to follow him into
the Republican party, put their State in
the Union and keep it there.
President Diaz seems to have a walk
over for re-election in Mexico. Like .Mc-
Kinley in his country he stands for the
protection and promotion of home indus
tries and the people are with him.
When every industrious American can
find good work at good wages free from
the depressing competition of pauper
labor the Kepublican party will be first
ai.d foremost to go forward to new fields
and deal with new issues.
Among the novelties of the season are
McKinley umbrellas, McKinley pocket
knives. McKiDley envelopes ana McKin-
Jey canes, all of which of course are for
Republicans, aud the country is now wait
ing for sone kind of McKinloy soothing
syrup for Democrats.
The proposed badge of the silver party
in the campaign is to be a daisy with six
teen silver petals around a golden center,
and while the tbing will be lovely it will
be too rich for the wear of men who are
looking for » job and need bread in the
home more than a flower in the button
hole.
THE WAY IT LOOKS.
It looks as though the silver wing of the
Democratic party would have more than
enough delegates to the Chicago conven
tion to control under the two-thirds rule.
In fact many of the leaders of tbe other
wing admit thai the gold standard will
have no voice in the proceedings. It will
be a silver and practically a free-trade
platform, but during the campaign every
thing will be subordinated to free silver
coinage at lt> to 1, independent of other
nations. That is the programme now,
and there is no reason to believe it will be
changed. The issue at all the State and
ili>trict conventions has been the money
plank, and more than two-thirds of those
returned thus far claim to be silverites,
ana unless, as Altgeld fears, money is
used lavishly to buy up delegates, the
convention will be a gathering of men of
one idea. But one clearly defined idea is
a good many for a Democrat to entertain.
Anyway, the gold standard delegates will
be tolerated and that is all.
The belief which prevailed a few days
ago that if Teller were nominated by the
Ciiicago convention he would draw silver
ites of all parties to him is giving way be
fore the sober second thought. The Dem
ocracy is an adept in mailing things seem
what they are not, but to veneer Teller's
record on the tariff ana the Monroe doo
trine questions so that it could be passed
off on the people as good Democracy is
rather too much of an undertaking; be
sides Boies and Bland are plunging the
knife into the Colorado Senator on every
occasion. Bryan has no confidence what
ever in Boies' -loyalty to silver, and he
would very much prefer Teller to tlie lowa
political shuttlecock. Bryan is really a
Fopuiist, although he trains with silver
Democrats. He managed to have the
Nebraska Democratic State Convention in
dorse the Populist State ticket lrom top to
bottom two years atro, an,i for his reward
he got an unmerciful snubbing from Gov
ernor Holcomb, the very man in whose
interest he betrayed the Democratic
party. Bryan's relations with the Popu
lists — he has forgiven Holcomb— will
be used for alt they are worth to prevent
a fusion between the Populists and silver
Democrats if Boies grows dangerously
stiong. Next to himself, Bryan would
take Teller for his first and Bland for his
second.
State Chairman Wardall of the Califor
nia Populist party no doubt voices the
sentiments of his party everywhere. Silver
coinage at the old ratio is not all nor is it
the leading thing tue Omaha platform
declares lor; besides, the party has been
struggling along for years waiting for
"something to turn up." and now that
something haa turned up in the shape of
the Democrats getting ready to disinte
grate, why should it throw up its- hands
when so good a field for gathering recruits
from is open to it? That is the question
the leaders put when asked if the party
will indorse the candidate of any other
party. At this time the indications are
that the Democrats will have two Presi
dential candidates, the Populists one, the
Independent Free-silver party one and the
Prohibition party one. Anti-Republicans
can pay their money and take their choice.
CONTEMPT OF COURT.
There is at the present time a wide
pread discussion of the limits of the
powers which Judges may rightly exer
cise in punishing for what is known as
contempt of court. In California the
discussion turns mainly upon the recent
action of Judge Catlin in subjecting the
editor of the Sacramento Bee to a fine for
alleged contempt and refusing him a
right to prove the truth of tae publication
in dispute. In the East the discussion is
an outgrowth of the Debs case, and covers
much wider ground than that involved in
the Sacramento case. In both, however,
the vital point is the issue whether the
courts have not carried the practice of
punishing for contempt to a point where
it has become a danger to popular liberty.
It is not denied that our courts must
have power to compel respect and keep
order. That has been an established
principle since the very beginning. In
the original theory, however, contempt of
court was an indignity committed within
the precincts of the court itself, and cal
culated to disturb or interrupt ihe peace
able and orderly administration of justice.
Latterly in the United States there has
grown up a belief among a certain class of
Judges that they can punish as con
tempt alleged offenses committed miles
away from the courtroom. The form of
punishment is of course summary. The
accused is riot put on trial before a jury
and has no opportunity to defend himself.
It can be easily seen that in the hands of
unjust Judges the possession of such a
power would be totally destructive to the
lull enjoyment of liberty of .speech and
action by the people as well as by the
press.
That public opinion is adverse to this
dangerous exercise of power is beyond
question. The Inter Ocean in comment
ing on the subject cites in proof of mis a
case which occurred in Chicago when the
Evening Prexx of that city criticized with
some severity the action of the Supreme
Court of Illinois in connection with a
murder case. The Inter Ocean says:
"Those comments were construed by that
court to be contempt and the proprietor
and editors were compelled to apologize or
go to jail for an indefinite time, as long in
fact as the court may see tit. That case
aroused a great deal of indignation. It
was looked upon as a dangerous violation
of the freedom of the press. Net long
after the Chief Justice was a candidate for
re-election, and although a very able and
upright jurist, running in a district ordi
narily good for a majority of nearly two
to one, he was beaten. That was inter
preted as a popular rebuke of the abuse of
the judicial right to punish for contempt
of court."
If a similar question were submitted to
the people of California the result would
be the same as it was in Illinois. The
whole issue is in fact the simple one of
whether the old-fasnioned trial by jury
can be denied by Judges at their pleasure
whenever they fancy they have been un
worthiiy treated. No one denies that a
matter occurring in the presence of a
Judge, under his very eyes, and of a na
ture to interfere with him in tlie perform
ance of his judicial duties, should be sum
marily punished. In all other cases, how
ever, where Judges feel themselves
offended, tiie accused should have a fair
trial before a jury. There can be no real
liberty of speech or action on any other
terms.
OUR TRADE WITH MADAGASCAR.
It is just possible that France may find
out later on that she made a mistake when
she arbitrarily changed her relations to
Madagascar from protectorate to annexa
tion. . Hanotaux cannot divert attention
from the outrage with wit and jingoism.
When asked why France makes a colony
of the lilanu be said: "A door should be
either open or shut." That may sound
very funny to France, but the fact remains
that the door was open to traders of all
nations until French soldiers closed it a
while ago. The Hovas protested againsi
a French protectorate, but they bad to
THE SAJN JbRAXCISCO CALL, WKDJNJfISDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
submit, but it was not long beloro tbe
Paris Government framed aa excuse to go
to war with the natives, and now annexa
tion comes.
But what concerns the United Stales
most is the attempt of France to control
the commerce of the island. Hitherto our
merchants have enjoyed a very lucrative
trade with the Hovas, but France pro
poses to impose an import tax of 7 per
cent, which is intended to give French
merchants just that much advantage.
Wben it is said that with a large portion
of the inhabitants not much more than
half civilized the export and import busi
ness of the country amounts annually to
nearly $10,000,000 it will be seen that the
possibilities of the island are very great
and that this country should not be ex
cluded.
England has a larger interest in the
matter than this country, and she has
served notice on the French Government
that she will resist the abrogation of all
or any commercial treaties there may have
been made between Great Britain and
Madagascar prior to French annexation.
As far as is known, this Government has
taken no steps to protect our treaties. It
will be remembered that Consul Waller
was tried and imprisoned by the Fiench
• iovernment, ostensibly for aiding the
Hovas, but in fact for an excuse to invali
date the large and valuable concessions
which Waller has secured. But other
Americans and Englishmen have similar
concessions, the title to which the French
Government intimates will be declared in
valid. In view of the high-handed man
ner in which France has laid hands upon
the commerce of that country it would
seem to be the duty of our Government to
at least protest against the abrogation
of the commercial treaties between the
Vnited States and Madagascar that were
made before France proclaimed ownership
ot the country.
PROTECTION AND INTELLIGENCE.
It is a mistake to suppose that tbe only
influence the operation of protection ex
erts upon the people is to inspire them
with a burning desire to gather riches. A
manufacturing establishment is an edu
cational institution as well as a converter
of raw material into merchantable prod
ucts to swell one's riches. With rare ex
ceptions inventions come from where the
rumble of machinery is heard. A mechan
ical contrivance for increasing and cheap
ening the output of man's hands inspires
to other inventions, and not only does the
intelligence and learning of the peopie of
a manufacturing community range higher
than in strictly commercial centers, but
a more independent and self-reliant spirit
is seen. Our public school system may be
said to have had its real strength imparted
to it by the Merrill tariff law of 1861. The
mill and shop give birth to desire for
knowledge, and desire for knowledge de
mands schools, colleges and universities.
In a recently delivered address Governor
Lippitt of Rhode Island showed that in
the manufacturing countries of Germany,
France and the United Kingdom the num
ber of people in a hundred able to read
and writa well enough, for ordinary pur
poses ranges from eighty-five to ninety
six, while in Italy, Spain and Kussia,
where no effort is made to encourage man
ufacturing, the percentage is from fifteen
to forty-seven. The difference between
manufacturing and non-manufacturing
towns in this country is not so marked,
but it is the fact that the people of the
first named generally show quicker and
more accurate mental activity, perception
and conception. One need only to visit a
manufacturing and an altogether com
mercial village and make comparison to
show that. Next to the store that "keeps"
the postoffice the blacksmith-bhop is the
chief loafing place in the quiet little vil
lage. It i< the roar of the forge and the
hammering of the iron that make it so,
because they are inspiring.
But what is true of popular intelligence
is equally true of wealth, especially when
the whole country is considered. Gover
nor Lippitt has taken the trouble to
gather the following figures, which show
how in proportion to a country's manu
factures is the volume of us wealth. His
figures are as follows:
United Kingdom $47,746.00f).000
France 41.84 3.U00.U0U
(itTUiany 31. 826.000.000
P.UMia 24,766,000.000
Italy 14.41-J.OOU.OOU
t-pain 3'_'.'J44,«00.000
Since the tariff act of 1861 there has
been a marvelous growth of mannfactur
ing concerns in the United States, and
with it has come a broader and higher
intelligence than any other natiun can
boast of, and in the same time the wealth
of the people has increased nearly five
times over. The academy and the manu
facturing establishment are co-partners
in educational work.
HE DID HIS DUTY.
Ex-Attorney-General Benjamin H. Bris
tow drew all eyes to him when be de
nounced the proposition that Kentucky
should assume the attitude of armed neu
trality as between the North and boutli.
In most vigorous language he told the
people of lin native State that there was
DO niiddie ground. Men were in armed
rebellion against the life of the Nation,
and there could be no such thing as armed
or any other kind of neutrality between
loyalty to the flag and treason.
Being a native of Kentucky and an un
compromising Union man, Mr. Bristow
did not hesitate to tell the people that any
man who would hesitate to declare for his
country was not (it to be a citizen. He
was a youne man then (only 20 years of
age), but he had already acquired reputa
tion as a good lawyer, and it may be
added that most of his associates were in
sympathy with the Southern cause, but
he did not hesitate to prove his loyalty by
enlisting in a volunteer company. Subse
quently He was commissioned a colonel,
but whatever capacity he was assigned to
he did ins best to save the Union.
As Attorney-General, Mr. Bristow dis
covered the great whisky ring and moved
down upon it with all the power of his
office. He unearthed the greatest frauds
that were ever perpetrated upon the Gov
ernment and not a few of the offenders
were landed in prison, but it made him
bitter enemies everywhere. The crusCie
against him was not at ail political. The
ring was composed of as many of one
party as of another, but the breaking up
of it cost him all further political pre
ferment.
War was waged against him from every
direcSion, but be had the consolation of
knowing that be had broken tip one of the
most powerful combines to rob the Govern
ment the country ever had to confront, and
that satisfied him. The best that can be
said of .Benjamin H. Bristow, now that he
sleeps the sleeps that knows no waking, is
that he served his country honestly and
faithfully from a sense of duty.
Georgia hat a prominent citizen who
combines the occupations of banker and
fisherman, but raver sen the usual rule in
such cases by fishing as his main business
and using his surplus capital and leisure
moments in banking. Thus on days when
he haa no capital fishing be rests on the
bank and finds interest in bis fishing
capital.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Thomas Fliut of San Juan is at tbe
Grand-
Judge E. A. Bridgford of Colusa is at the
Grand.
W. J. O'Brien of San Jose is at the Baldwin
with his wife.
W. E. Rogers, a mining man oi Amalie, is
registered at the Lick.
C. Steenbergh, an orchardist of Brentwood,
has a room at the Lick.
H. Thomas, an attorney at Redding, arrived
at the Grand yesterday.
Lieutenant C. H. Couchheimer of the United
States navy is at the Palace.
J. C. Lewis, son of the well-known Portland
chemist, has arrived at the Palace.
Mrs. U. H. Keefe and daughter, of Sonora, are
stopping at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
K. C. Loftus, a mining man of Railroad Flat,
is among the late arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. D. Smith, a physician at the Napa State
Insane Asylum, is a guest at the l'alace.
J. P. Melville, a mining man of Grass Valley,
is among the latest arrivals at the Grand.
G. P. Manchester, editor of the Tulare Citi
zen, is in San Francisco for a brief sojourn.
D. H. Arnold, a large ranch-owner of Colusa,
is at the Occidental on a short business visit.
M. Simmons, a wealthy fruit-raiser of San
Jose, is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Fred Searls, son of the well-known Judge
Searls, is at the Palace, registered from Nevada
City.
G. A. Lung of the United State* Navy is a
guest at the Palace in company with Mrs.
Lung.
R. B. Marshall of the United States Geologi
cal Survey Is staying at the Occidental lor a
few days.
James Barlogi, a wealthy rancher and mine
owner of Nevada, is a guest at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
George Campbell, for many years a mining
man at Grass Valley, arrived at the Baldwin
last night.
J. W. B. Montgomery, a prominent politician
at his home in Chico, registered at the Grand
yesterday.
Ed Kelly of the Berlin Machine Works at
Beloit, Wis. , is a guest at the Grand, registered
from Chicago.
B. F. Hudelson, State president of the A. P.
A., is a guest at the Lick, and is registered
from Oakland.
William W. Terry, proprietor of Hire's root
beer, is at the Occidental. He is registered
from Philadelphia.
Mme. Saint-Dizier of Paris, wite ot a min
ins engineer now in California, arrived at the
Occidental last night.
J. B. Waldmore of Los Angeles, a well-known
merchant of that Dlaue, is makiug a short busi
ness visit at the Grand.
T. J. Field, a Democratic delegate from Mon
terey to the recent convention, i» registered at
the Palace with his wife.
11. P. Goodman, the Napa banker, with hit
daughters, Miss Claire and Miss Ruth Good
man, is staying at the Palace.
W. J. Simonton of New York City, son of one
of the former owners of The Call and Bulletin,
is making a short visit at the Grand.
State Senator F. L. Coombs and Sheriff
George 11. McKenzie came from Napa yester
day and went to the Grand iv company.
A. P. Halfhill of Los Angeles, one of the
stockholders in the fish packing-house in
operation, i- at the Grand for a .short visit.
James Yoman and wife, prominent residents
of Sutter Creek, have returned from Santa
Cruz aud are registered at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Fritz Zix of Saarbrenken, Germany, and
Virgllio Vianello of Triest, Austria, have re
turned to town and taken up their quarters
again at the Lick.
James E. Mills, who is extensively interested
in mines in Plumas County, and who has other
mining interests in Mexico, is at the Occi
dental, registered from Quincy.
Hervey Ltndiey of Lob Angeles, chairman of
the California delegation at the National Re
publican Convention at St. Louis, returned
from the East la.it night and took a room at the
Palace.
Dan Stewart, one of the earliest residents of
the little town of lone, where he has lived
since 1853, came to town yesterday and took a
room at the Grand. He conducts a general
merchandise business in the miall valley, in
which agriculture is the principal occupation
followed.
Emery A. Oonshoo of Fresno, who Is a great
admirer of the "noble art of self-defense," is
in town on a short visit. He received a good
deal of fistic training himself as a member of
the Olympic Club, and during several years at
Stanford University was recognized as the
leading exponent of the fistic science.
Major-Geueral R. BlaodeU of the British
army returned to the Occidental yesterday
from Riverside, where he and his wife went re
cently to view the grave of their son. They
will now resume their journey eastward to
England, the general having completed a ser
vice of forty years and given up his command
la India. ____^_____^_
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NKW YORK, X. V., June 23.— At the W«*t>
minster— W. Zak; Hoftman —E. Abramsons;
Sturtevant— Mrs. M. J. Baker; Imperial— C. A.
Douglass, A. Hocheimer; Astor— G. D. Kortz;
Grand— B. McDonnell; St. Cloud— X. D. I'eix
otto; St. Denis, I>r. T.J.Turner; Everett— J.
Vetton; Albert— S. M. Wotxi ; Murray* Hill— L.
O. Kelly, H. Levis. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Max
well are stopping over lor a waik at the Castle
ton, Staien Island, New York Bay.
THE BEGINNER.
Oft has the lyre been tuned to tel
About the wondrous grace
Of one. sainted us the belle
of every earthly place,
mankind admires her dainty pose.
From foot to curly heal,
Of course, provided that she goes
Serenely straight ahead.
But while wb wish that youthful rhur.its
Forever might endure,
There comes a host of strange alarms
With rders immature,
And c'en the most polite of men
Is filled with rage profound.
More bitter in us alienee, when
w s y d
eaew I • n !
h bl idru !
S b i o !
—Washington Evening Star.
BRIEF, BUT POINTED.
Placervllle Nugget.
What? You have not registered? Get there
KNEW WHEN TO QUIT.
Los Angeles Times.
Mr. Quay was very grateful for the oppor
tunity to let go.
GOOD DOCTRINE.
Stockton Independent.
"Free silver and free women" is a California
Republican doctrine.
AND AN ORCHARD.
The Wave.
California was first a rancho, then a gold
mine, later a vineyard, and now a flower
garden. .
THE COUNTRY COULDN'T STAND IT.
National City Record.
Mr. Cleveland might be induced to stand a
third term but the country couldn't and that
settles it.
CLEVELAND'S TRUST POLICY.
San Jose Mercury.
It was Mr. Cleveland who declared that
public office is a public trust, and the country
has been going on trust ever since he was
elected. It is only under Kepublican Presi
dents that public office Is to conducted iliat
tiie Government cau do business on a cash
basis.
MATRIMONY AND MAMMON.
San Bernardino Sun.
In the ordinary matrimonial, arrangement
between American girls and titled foreigners
there is no reason to believe thai (he contract
ing parties are animated by any of the ■ mo
tives and sentiments which belong to the
most important relation of life. It is essen
tially ii sordid affair, without a suggestion of
rom&nce to relieve its strictly commercial na
ture. The bride is willing to exchange a large
sum of money lor a foreign hu.«band with a
title attached to his name; and the bride
groom is willing to take an American girl for a
wife bimpiy because she is wealthy.
FACTS MORE POTENT THAN SO
PHISTRY.
Stockton Independent.
The sword was mightier than the pen in the
case of Colonel T. A. Nerny of Los Angeles.
He was a Democrat and believed all tbe teach
ings of his party, but he is a dealer in military
goods. When he iound that the Japanese could
make dress sworrl.s l>y cheap labor and sell
them in the United States lor 20 per cent of
what he could sell them for he wm converted
from free trade to protection. He is helping
to shout for MeKiuley as a natural result of
his conversion;
A PLEA.
Oh, give me not the '-marble heart,"
Nor yet the "lev mitt."
Nor treat me to the "frigid fist,"
Nor auswer me with "nit."
Pon't make me "stand upon my head,"
Nor "trow me in the air,"
Nor "pass me up" nor "turn me down,"
Nor give the "glassy stare."
But if you must reject my suit,
Why, please to let me know
The sorrow of my lonely fat*
By simply saying "No."
—Detroit Ne"*s.
MISSES' ROUND WAIST.
The waist shown here is made with a fitted
lining, over which the goods is laid in one
piece for the back, and in the front Is likewise
seamless, with gathers at neck and belt. The
sailor collar is adjustable, so that other trim
mings or accessories may be worn.
A dress of whi te mohair designed for even
ing wear had a sailor collar of primrose yel
low velvet, with appMque of guipure lace.
The belt and collar were oi Dresden ribbon in
white with yellow lines; rose-colored flowers
and black edges. These latter being made ad
justable, the gown could be changed entirely
by a fichu of blue chiffon, with velvet belt
and collar oi the same shade of blue. A nar
row pleating of chiffon trimmed the edge of
the h'chu.
A dress of cheviot showing many bright col
ors had a collar of drab-green velvet, with sev
eral rows of black soutashe braid for trim
ming.
A brown serge dress was brightened by a
collar of velveteen in black and green and
brown checks.
A blue Hlpaca had a collar of black and
white checked velveteen, trimmed with gold
braid. A gilt belt was worn with this.
A waist of Dresden silk In brown was made
with a collar of the silk. Pale green velvet
formed a belt and stock cellar.
A batiste dress of the new plaids, showing
blue aud yellow threads, had a collar blue do
soie, the soft, silk with a satin finish. A belt
aud. stock collar completed this dainty gown.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Firming— F. ft., City. If you will step into
any first-class store that sells sporting goods,
you will be furnished the different kinds of
hooks required to catch the fishes you name.
The Hindus— J. C, Xewberry, San Bernardino
County, Cal. The. Hindu Is one of that native
race in India descended from the Aryan con
querors. The present representatives belong
to the two great historic castes of Brahman*
and Rajputs. They belong to the Indo-Euro
pean stock and are classified with the Cau
casians. -
"Uniqvk Colony"— J. F. X., City. This de
partment has not been able to discover any
thing about "the Unique Colony," said to be
"situated in the northern part of Peru, 100
miles from the coast, and where the members
are not required to work more than four hours
r day and where there is great liberalism in
regard to religion, marriage and divorce."
An Incorporated BocgßT— W. A. V. G., City.
If lor any good and sufficient reason an incor
porated society should see fit to dissolve it
wouH have to rile an application in the Su
perior Court, if in tiiis State, and that would
have to show thut ut a meeting of the mem
bers called for thfit purpose, the dissolution
j was resolved upon by a two-thirds vote of all
tbe numbers mid that all claims had been
satisfied and discharged. Then in all prob
ability the court would, there being nothing
to prevent such actiou, order a distribution of
the property pro rata among the member*.
The Nkw Navy— H. T., City. The following
table shows the new navy of the United States,
but does not include what is known as the old
navy vessels, or the "wooden-sides," as they
are called. It also shows the class, when the
keel of each was laid and other information.
The abbreviations are: M., mouitor; 1-t, 2-t,
one turr t, two turrets; B. {?.. battle-ship; C,
cruiser; A. Cr., armored cruiser; P. 0., pro
tected cruiser ; D. ('., dynamite cruiser; O. 8.,
gunboat : *cost of hull and machinery; ** the
appropriation for the live vessels designated
with •• in $3,178.04ti.
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
Dr. Jameson denies the report that he is go
ing to marry a peeress.
Mr. Sexton says Ireland is overtaxed for Im
perial purposes by nine millions.
The young King of Swaziland last week shot
six of his servants for rifle practice.
Another prodigy, Paula Szalit, a Polish pian
ist of 9. will shortly make her debut in London.
H. M. Stanley, M. P., who has been staying at
Madrid, has recovered from his indisposition.
It is stated that the Emperor of Germany has
just presented a bust of himself, executed in
bronze, to Dr. Joachim.
At the time of its great popularity Brick
Pomeroy's Democrat earned its proprietor as
much as $1 600 a day. The Democrat's letter
mail was the event of the day at the La Crosse
postoffice.
Queen Victoria's absenting herself from Eng
land every year at Zaster lias led Frenchmeu
to believe that she is secretly a Roman Catho
lic. La Figaro has thought it necessary to dis
prove this.
Baron Rothschild includes in his ''Personal
Characteristics" the reply of the Marquis de
Bievre to Louis XV. "I hear that you make
jokes on every subject; well, make one on me."
"Your majesty is not a subject. "
A lady cyclist in Battersea Park, London,
carries a large open suns-hade, while another
is followed by a groom, mounted like herself
upon a handsome bicycle. He keeps even pace
at a respectful distance behind his mistress.
Judge B. J. Peters of Mount Sterling, Ky.,
said to be the oldest free silver advocate in the
country, is 91 years old. He was personally
acquainted with Henry Clay, went to school
with Thomas F. Marshal and often heard Kob
ert J. Breckinridge speak.
SUPPOSED TO BE HUMOROUS
Stranger— ls the submarine diver at home?
The diver's wife— He* down at the river, but
I don't think you can see him this morning.
"Why not?"
"He's immersed In business."— Port Jarvis
Gazette.
Billy— Blest if I think that last lithograph
agrees with me.
Nanny— Serves you right! I told you not to
eat the pink trees or yellow sky, but to confine
yourself to the blue grass.— Pucit.
"Is it true that young Wilson has gone on a
polar expedition?"
"Yes ; he has gone to Boston to see his girl."
—Detroit Free Press.
"Do you intend to take your wife with you
to the seaside?"
"No; she is all run down and is not equal to
the exactions of a vacation."— Boston Courier.
Pushpen— glad you like my story ; but
don't you think I ought to write some sort of
an introduction to it?
Slydig— My dear fellow, that story needs no
introduction. It is an old friend.— New York
Herald.
Teacher— Why did Freedom shriek when Kos
iusko fell?
Tommy— Mebbe he fell on her new hat.—ln
dianapolis Journal.
Citizen — What are you doing?
Clergyman— Praying for rain.
Citizen— Why don't you have a Sabbath
school picnic?— Detroit Tribune.
Hargreaves— l met Buffalo Bill when I was in
Chicago the last time.
Ferry— He is about the only bill you ever
met, isn't he?— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Long years ago
A maiden fair •
Would riding *ro
in a sedan chair.
In bloomers now
She's dressed, and like
The wind she- flies
Astride a bike.
—New York Herald.
i I envy Dings when e'er he sings,
So much does be deserve:
Tls not bis voice makes ma rejoice—
I envy him his nerve. -..<;:'
_ — Kniporium Echo.
Jim— man Dinwiddle is a friend of hu
manity.
Joe— How so ?
Jim— He has invented a pocket flask that
looks like a whisk broom and a corkscrew that
resembles a nail brush.— Cleveland Post.
Reginald— Tims brings about some odd
changes, doesn't it?
Harold— l should say it did. Look at the
matter of costumes. Why, when we played
tennis we turned our trousers up at the bot
tom, and now that we play golf we turn our
stockings down from the top.— Woonsocket Re
porter.
OPINIONS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Dnnham's Quickstep.
Halfmoon Bay Advocate.
Dunham's favorite song is said to be "They're
After Me."
Eatier to Catch.
rnsadena Town Talk.
Spanish soldiers will find it easier to catch
yellow fever than Cuban revolutionists.
Nothing Kls,. Will Anawer.
S»n Jose Mercury.
The country will be satisfied with nothing
short of Republican protection, and any at
tempt to befog the main issue is destined to
prove futile.
Co«tly Kclucation.
San Bernardino Times-Index.
The United States, it has been estimated by a
contemporary, lost ¥250,000,000 by the elec
tion of Grover Cleveland four years ago. For
a campaign of education the amount of knowl
edge acquired would seem to come pretty
high.
Asphalt Komi* Good Road*.
Oakland Tribune.
It is to be hoped that the '-Good Roads" As
sociation will again materialize and make
themselves telt not only in the matter of good
roads, but good streets. In this connection
their attention is called to the material that
has made the cities of Paris and Washington
noted the world over as the fineat in any land.
Asphalt is the material, and California pro
duces the best asphalt in the worla. It should
be investigated.
England's Fanners.
Santa Cruz Sentinel.
A writer in the Fortnightly Review describes
the condition of the 210,000 British farmers as
almost desperate. The thriving herds have
disappeared, cottages an.'J country mansions
are ciosed, "while rural laborers, flocking into
the towns, further swell the ranks of the un
employed." As a contrast there exists in Eng
! lantl. according to this writer, "ah appalling
commercinl wealth," whose vast uccumlations'
are invested with difficulty. The British
farmers demand protection, but their number
is comparatively small, and there is little pros
pect that what they ask will be granted.
Circumstances Have Chanced.
Los Angeles Times.
California is competing in the Eastern mar
kets for new honors. Augustin Daly, the cele
brated theatrical manager of New York, has
engaged six attractive young women from this
State to participate in the coming dramatic
season at the Metropole. Times have changed
mightily since the days of '49. Then there
was a demand for Massachusetts gchoolmsrms
and other girls in carload loss to come West
aud become the wives of worthy pioneers.
And now the tide has turned. The charming
femininity of the Pacific Coast is eagerly
sought by the East. California has come to
the fore with mighty strides in almost all
walks of life.
Cream mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsend's.*
The Dukfi of Argyll, tbe sole survivor of
Lord Palmerston's Cabiuet which forty years
ago drew up and contracted the treaty of
Paris, the basis of Britain's subsequent deal
ing with Turkey, has, in a small volume soon
to be issued by John Murray, supplied the
want of a brief narrative of the chain of events
which has led to the position now held by
Britain with regard to the Eastern question.
Fpfctal Iniormatiou dnily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by tha Pros!
Clipping Bureau (Allen I*,,1 * 510 Montgomery. '
Dr. Homer Virgil Miller, formerly United
States Senator from Georgia, died a few days
ago, aged 82 years. He was one of Georgia's
foremost physicians, was a brigade and divi
sion surgeon in the Confederacy, and after
ward was medical director of the tkate of
Georgia. Eloquence gave him the sobriquet
of "The Demosthenes of the Mountains." He
was very active in political affairs in the forties
and fifties. He was a strong L'nion man until
his State seceded. He was elected to the
United States Senate in 1868, serving one term.
We have some new tints in plain and crepe
tissue, also a lot of pretty flowers. Lesions
given for making any article required. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market. *
"Have you a magnificent ■wardrobe?" asked
the manager, addressing the actress who had
j -ist applied for an engagement.
"Why, no," she replied. "I have no ward
robe at all. I'm in the burlesque line, you
know."
And she was engaged on the spot.— Texas
Sifter.
Official Route to Democratic National
< on vent ion, < hlcHgo.
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern lines. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San * ranclsco July 1 at 6 r. v.
Speoial rate for the round trip to Chicago f 7-. 60.
Tickets on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-car reservations cow on sale at Vnion
Pacific office. 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. I>. \V. Hitch,
cock, General Agent. Han Francisco.
♦ — ♦ — •
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave .^an Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare Includes si age trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook & Fon, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific P.allroad. 11. C. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 6j Chronicie building, S. F.
• — — «
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National < on
venttou at Chicago, the Christian Kndeavorers at
Washington and National Kduca'.ional Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. fetateler, Gen. Agt., 888 Market si., 8. F.
• — ■» *
"Mr». Wlmlow'i Soothing Syrnn"
Hat been used over 60 years by millions of mother*
lor their children while Teething with perfect suo
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allan
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the - Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sals by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sore and ik
for Mrs. Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup. Use a bottla.
. — — •—
Cobokado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. <of»
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Hound-trip tickets, by siei:n
•hip, Including fifteen days' board at ta« Uou»i.l*i
Coronado, fBO; longer stay 9*2 50 per day. Apply
4 .Ntw .Montgomery at.. £anFraici*o. '
Whew yon feel 'as cross as a cat," a dosa of
Ayer's Fills will make you as good-natured as a
Kitten, fry them for biliousness.
Prince Victor Napoleon inherited 10,000
francs a year from his father: his aunt, the
Princess Mathilde Bonaparte, gives him an in
come of 20.000 francs, and the ex-Empress the
sum of 30,000 francs yearly; but, as both these
royal ladies are foud of France, and like to live
there part of the year, they give their sums on
the condition that the Prince does not use any
of it for political agitation.
answ TO-DAY. -
Great Hit!
Last 'week's drive sale was a
great hit. But we're ready for
another one. Lota of bargains
left — we'll always meet an ap-
preciative public half way.
Look at these:
Child's Cloth-ton, patent tip, spring heel,
button, sizes & to 7> 3 and 9 to 10V& (no
8or8y»). Tiiis wee* 0n1y...... ' 75c
Ladies' Turkish Slippers, red, black and
tan. This ween only 35c
I 215 pairs Ladies' Extra Quality French
Kin Lace oxtords, tip or plain toe, as-
sorted styles, sizes '1 to 3Va. widths aa.
a. b and c, worth %'i a pair. This week £j C C
only. XjO
* 2 50 Ladles' Tan Kid Button. This week
0n1y... 91.65
$2 50 Men's Basset, lace or congress. This
week only ..51. 85
! 92 50 Men's Calf, lace or congress. This
, week only SI, SO
f2 00 Boys' Veal Calf, lace or button (same
as proved such a seller lust week) 91.15
Can't pay charges to country on
•'Drives. '„'
Headquarters for Buckingham & Hacht's
Fine Shoes. Send for catalogue ; mailed free.
Kasts
738-740 Market Street.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
PRICKLY HEAT.WKDXKSDAY. JTJ E 24 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- Thfatkr --The Squire of Dames."
California Thkater.-"Tli.' Grey Mare."
•■Tho'«n mA " ?v -TKK-"Lord Chumley" and
T^he SUent System."
«g^° ROSC °' S n-EHA-HousK-"A Perilous Voy-
Tivoli Omera-Hottsk.— "A Trip to the Moon."
•'RPHKt-M-HlKh-CUss Vaudeville.
-,V? X X- HKATER Orove street, between Polk:
& ii<i\aii.\esß avenue— " Cruiskeen Lawn."
•- ctko Baths— Bathing and performances.
tWi° OTTHK ( 'ht'tk«— Dally ai Haight street, one
not* e*st of the Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By 9, HAS * Eastman— This day (Wednesday), Jap-
*r. PS ,f High- Art Uoods, at 419 Kearny street, at
10:30 a m. and 2 p. m.
By Kaston a Elbeidok.- This day (Wednes-
°ay>, Furniture, at KE. corner of Sutter and
wtavla street*, at 10 o'clock.
— By-E aston * F.iDRiDHK- Saturday, June 27,
Real Estate, at Murphy Station, at 1 o'clock.
By Easton A Ei.dridoe— June 30,
Real Estate, at salesroom, 838 Market street, at
IS o'clock.
?)T,H H- — Thursday, June 25, Furniture,
»' 211 Lark in street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
"Fair Wednesday"— Forecast Official W. H.
Hammon.
The Phoenix Republican Club has been re
organized for the coming campaign.
All litigation over Valley road right of way
between Stockton and Fresno has been settled.
William C. Holden's estate, valued at $1500,
will be administered by his mother, Margaret
Holden.
Mrs. C. C. Lorenzen of this City ha« discov
ered that she is heir to an immense estate in
Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Swedish-American Patriotic League
holds its grand annual celebration at Shell
Mound Park to-day.
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District People's
Party Club held its first campaign meeting last
night at Mission Opera Hall.
Public Administrator Freese yesterday took
charge of the estate of Emmet Martin Hicky,
who died Intestate on June 7.
Rev. W. W. Bolton leaves this evening for
Victoria, en route to explore a wild and unin
habited portion of Vancouver Island.
K. Boroda, president of the Yokohama Specie
Bank, gave a banquet at the Palace Hotel last
night to thirty-five prominent guests.
John Callaghan has applied for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Sarah Callaghan,
whose property is worth about $1500.
Mary Percy has been appointed executrix of
the will of Pierre Percy, who left property val
ued at $5000, but mortgaged for $2200.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has advised the
regents of the university that the appropria
tions for affiliated colleges has not lapsed.
The Market-street and several other street
car companies refuse flatly to acknowledge
the jurisdiction of the Railroad Commission.
Ernest F. Edwards of the Edwards Publish
ing Company was married to Miss Kathryne
Cullinan at 637 Golden Gate avenue last night.
The executive committee of the Carnival of
the Golden Gate will probably choose for the
carnival colors the cardinal, the blue and the
gold.
Katherine Brettschneider was yesterday ap
pointed administratrix of the estate of Fritz
Brettschneider, whose properly is worth
$'.2350.
Thomas Dolan has applied for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Mary Dolan, who
died June 13, leaving an estate worth over
.-r4<f(H(.
Judge Slack yesterday appointed J. H. San
ders guardlan'of the estate of Rose Freman,
an insane person, whose property is worth
f6225.
The regents of the university have decided
to hold fifty rural meetings in California to
bring the college professors and farmers to
gether.
The wrecked Blairmore was raised from her
muddy bed yesterday and towed half a mile
inshore. She will be righted to-day and
pumped out.
The Fish Commission has started A. G.
Fletcher off to the Yosemite, where he will
distribute 500,000 young trout in the lakes
and streams of that locality.
The Ashler-Baldwin developed -nothing
new yesterday. The depositions of H. C. |
Chamberlin and R. Y. Hasdin, which have j
been published, were introduced.
Thomas O'Neil and Ed Jones were capsized '
in the bay off Blossom Rock yesterday. They
were picked up by the Monticello and trans
ferred to the revenue cutter Hartley.
Mrs. Sadie Nicholls, 116 Eddy street, and '
her niece, Ella Hasten, were arrested yester
day on the charge of stealing $215 from C. H.
Carpy, a vineyardist from Napa County.
Manuel Olivier was convicted of perjury in
Judge Belcher's court yesterday. He is the
man who swore that Rosie Beady was over 18
years of age in order to tret a license to marry
her.
In the suit of the Safe Deposit Company to
oust the officers of the People's Home Savings
Bank yesterday General Sheehan, James Alva .
Watt, Director Phelps and others were exam
ined.
Next Sunday the Retail Clerks' Association
of this City will hold their annual picnic at
Glen Ellen. Half the profits are to be devoted
to alleviate the wants of the Fifth-street suf
ferers.
Labor Commissioner E. L. Fitzgerald has pre
pared a synopsis of labor laws to be presented
to the next Legislature intended for the abol
ishing of many of the evils to which labor is
now subjected.
Editor James Barry of the Star yesterday
gave his opinion on the contempt case oi
Editor McClatchy of the Sacramento Bee, in
which he compared Judge Catlin to the Czar
of ail the Russias.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the South
ern Pacific Company in a letter to the Railroad
Commission claims that no discrimination ex
ists in the fact that 5 cents is charged on the
creek-route ferry and 10 cents on the regular
ferries.
The Harbor Commissioners are about to at
tempt making the Sugar Refinery, Gas Works,
Rolling Mills and Union Iron Works pay wharf
age on coal and sugar. The matter has been
referred to the board's attorney for a legal
opinion.
The committee having in charge the move
ment to secure the International Christian
Endeavor Convention for this City in 1897 is
making an active canvass for the $25,000
pledge required. So far it has met with much
encouragement
Mrs. Nettie Craven appeared before Judge
Slack yesterday and was sworn, being thus
purged of contempt The matter of examina
tion was then postponed until Thursday, as
the lawyers wanted to go to the Corbett-Shar
key fight to-night.
James H. Garrett, whose wife eloped with
Henry Colgan, brother of the State Controller, |
some time ago, has located his delinquent
other half in Ukiah, where she is work
ing as a domestic under the name of Mrs. Wil
■on. He wants her back.
A suit to quiet title was beguu by James L.
A.ngus. Thomas L. Crothers and W. S. Good
fellow against Mrs. Nettie Craven et al. to the
Pine and Mission street properties formerly be
longing to the late Senator Fair, and for which I
Mrs. Craven claims to hold deeds.
Five new cotton factories and fourteen new
silk-spinning works are being erected in j
Shanghai, China, says George W. Noell, a
broker and long a resident of the Chinese sea
port, and it is all the result of a great indus
tiial revival since the Chino-Japanese war.
NEW TOIDAT
WITH
HUMOR
"When I was thirteen years old I began to have
sore eyes and ean>, an'i from my cars % humor
epread. I doctored with five different skilful
doctorr, but they did me no good. My disease
was Eczema. By this time it had gone all over
my head, face, and body. Nobody thought I
would live, and would not have but for Cuticura
J!kjiedie!«. I used fonr boxes of Cijticl'ba,
five cakes of CuncunA Soap, and three bottles
of Ccticcba Resolvent. My hair all came out
at that time, but now it In bo thick I can hardly
comb It. J am sixteen years old, weigh 130
pounds, and am perfectly well.
Miss IKEA.S QRASDEL, Clayton, N. Y.
Ptebdt Ccbe Treatment —Warm bathn with Cv-
ticora Soap, rentle application" of (.'cticika (oint-
ment), and mild do«i of Coticoha KESOt,TßKr,gre«t«t
Hi humor c urea. < - m
Sold throughout the •world. Price. Concrß*, Mie.x'
Soap. 25c.; Ke*olvest. Vie. and »1. Potter Dura
*«D CnEif. Corp., Sole Propt., Boston.
C*~ " How to Cure Krtrj Hkin Humor," mailed free.
SHE IS NOW IN
SHALLOW WATER,
The Blairmore Raised and
Towed Half a Mile
Inshore.
ALL IS PLAIN SAILING
And the Vessel Will Now Be
Righted and Pumped Out
Immediately.
NARROW ESCAPE OF TWO MEN.
The Sugar Refinery, Gas Works and
Rolling-Mills May Have to Pay
Wharlage.
The Blairmore has been moved into
shallow water and the raisers are confi
dent of success. When operations were
begun she was sunk eleven feet in the
mud. She had to be raised out of this bed
she had made for herself, and that was
the chief difficulty. On several occasions
the bow was raised several times, but just
at the critical moment the pumps would
choke up or the hawsers part. Extra
pumps were placed on the hull and yester
day the first real success was gained.
At low water the air pump was started
and soon the bow began to rise. The
Monarch and Whitelaw were both towing
inshore and when the pumps began to
tell on the water that was in the stern of
the vessel up the vessel came. Then the
strain began to tell and slowly tug, wrecker
and sunken ship moved inshore. When
almost half a mile had been covered the
tide began to flow, and as there were a
i couple of vessels in the way Captain Burns
j determined to stop operations for the day.
' The Blairmore is now in eight feet shal
: lower water than she was last Monday and
•there will now be no difficulty in getting
her on an even keel ana pumping her out.
"I am now satisfied that we will have
the Blairmore up and as good as new in
side of two months," said Captain Burns
yesterday. "Where she was lying there
was a terrible tide running, and it was
hard to work in it. In fact there were
only two or three hours at a time in which
we could do anything. Last night (Mon
day) the tide ran like a millrace, and I
thought everything would be torn out of
; the Whitelaw. As it was our surgine
tangled the hawsers and the Blairmore's
bowsprit, and the latter snapped off close
to the stem. We are now in slack water
nearly all the time, and will be able to
work continuously."
The probable cost of raising and refit
ting the Blairmore will be $t50,000. The
work is being done by the insurance com
panies, and they will make money on the
transaction as the vessel is insured for
$80,000. Had she been abandoned and the
wreck sold it probably would not have
brought more than $1000 at auction, so the I
underwriters will oe fully $29,000 ahead on
the transaction.
News from the whaling fleet that win
tered in the Arctic is not encouraging.
The catch has been a small one and all the
j tish taken were small ones, so the yield in
I bone and oil was a poor one. The catch,
as given in a private letter, was only up to
! last November, but in the meantime many j
lof the vessels may have done better. The
i Mary D. Hume had only 1 whale, New
! port 7, Wanderer 1, Jessie H. Freeman 3, j
j John and Wimhrop 1, Fearless 3, Northern j
i Light 2, Jeanette 1, Karluk 1 and Navarch j
j3. Later advices, which arrived yester- I
j day, give the catch of the Fearless as 5
| and the Orca 6. This news is not authen
■ tic, however, and the officers of the Steam
j Whaling Company discredit it.
Captain Rideout of the steamer Trilby
1 denies that this vessel was in collision j
; with the Svengali. Ha says the Trilby j
j never left her moorings on Monday, and j
] therefore cculd not have been in Mission j
'■ Bay. It must have been some other I
| steamer that the Svengali hypnotized, for
I the collision undoubtedly took ;>lace.
Captain Russell, late of the Rio de ;
Janeiro and City of Para, will take out the i
> San Jose on July 1. The steamer on that
| date wiil make a special round trip to all
i Central American ports and make a clean- !
jup of all delayed freight. A new service i
! will then be inaugurated and the Mail
i Company will oe ready for all opposition i
that may come along. There will also be i
achangeon the Acapulco. Captain Searles, j
i who brought her in, will resume his old |
position of "ship's husband," and Captain
Mortensen will assume command.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short I
| session yesterday and the pile question '
; occupied nearly all their time. The Teredo- j
I proof Pile Company wrotfi complaining i
that the San Francisco Timber Preserving
Company was infringing on its patent, and
stating on the authority of its attorney
I that the board would be" held responsible j
I if it used any of the opposition's piles, in j
; the construction of the* new ferry slips. J
President Colnon thought the Teredo
: proof Pile Company had no ground for
1 complaint, as the Timber Preserving Coru
i pany used creosote on solid logs and then
i nailed on an outside casing, whereas the
: other company built up an artificial log
with small pieces of timber, the latter
j process being on the principle that a teredo
| when at work will never pass a crack in
the wood.
At this point P. F. Dundon, who repre-
I sents the Timber Preserving Company,
I said he would enter into an indemnity
| bond to proiect the commission in the
; event of any lawsuit. The law point was
■ finally submitted to the board's attorney
I for his opinion, and the pile question was
I turned over to Chief Engineer Holmes.
| with full power to act-
President Colnon raised the question of J
! dockage charges at the Union Iron Works, I
! rolling-mills, gas works and sugiir refinery. {
j At none of those m ami factories is dockage j
! paid, and the Commissioner thought it
should be, as the board has full authority
over the water front, from the Presidio to
the county line. On the motion of Com- j
missioner Chadbourne the matter was re
ferred to the attorney for hi: opinion.
Thomas O'Neil and Ed Jones had a nar
row escape for their lives ypsterday after- I
ternoon. When off Blossom RocK their j
boat capsized, and they drifted around on [
the keel for nearly half an nour. Finally
the Monticello came along and Captain ■
Randall went to their a-sistnnce. lie was
en route for Vallojo, but went out of nis '
way to put ihe men aboard the revenue
cutter Hartley. Their boat also was
picked up, and the men were landed at I
Meiggs wharf little the worse for their j
ducking.
A Whitehall boat with two men in it
capsized yesterday afternoon off Blossom
Rock. They were rescued by the steamer
Monticello. The United States steamer
Hartley also went to the rescue and picked
up the boat. The rescued men were
Thomas O'Neil, a runner, and partner.
They were transferred from the Monti
cello to the Hartley and landed at Meiggs
wharf.
English Mining .gents Sightseeing.
The representatives of a large English syndi
cate recently formed to purchase extensive
mining properties in Calaveras County left the
Palace yesterday for a little iKhtseeing in the
country, pending the arrival of the mining en
gineers that are expected from London to pass
UDon the value of the contemplated invest
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
ment. The party consists of Edmund Davis
ami Percy Tarbutt, who ure accompanied by
their wives and by the Misses Dorothy aud
Phyllis Tarbutt.
They represent capital interested in Cali
fornia mines through the efforts of Prince
I'oniatowski and the additional negotiations of
Will Crocker.
On their way from New York they inspected
the water-nower plant recently erected at Ni
iisrara Kalis, the idea beiug to obtain informa
tion they might later wi«:h to apply to the
mining industry to be undertaken so exten
sively in this State by their principals.
THE CARNIVAL QUEENS
Four Will Prf>bably Be Chosen to Sit
lifiiraih Cardinal, Blue and
Gold.
At the meeting of the executive commit
tee Monday of the Carnival of the Golden
Gate the proposition submitted for
charging 10 cents per vote in the electing
of a carnival queen was defeated. It was
decided that aspirants to that honor
should send in their applications to the
executive committee accompanied by
vouchers from two business men of good
standing. The dates for receiving appli
cations are from July 5 to September 19 at
10 p. m. The executive committee will
directly choose the queen from these
applications.
There will be probably a queen repre
senting the Stale of California, one for the
City, one for the Fire Department and
one for the school-children.
Tne colors for decorations and badges
wiil probably be a combination of the car
dinal of Stanford with the blue and gold
of Berkeley, which is said to be particu
larly showy and beautiful. These colors
were the original suggestions of T. L.
Rosen thai.
A prize of $25 will be paid by the execu
tive committee of the Carnival of the
Golden Gate for a design which will em
body ;i week of festivities and be symboli
cal of San Francisco and its Golden Gate.
All drawings must be done in ink and be
submitted to the executive committee on
or before Monday, July 6, at 4 p. m. The
accepted design will become the property
of the committee and will be copyrighted.
It will figure on all the stationery and
badges and be conspicuous in all decora
tions
It was deemed advisable to leave the
final selection of carnival colors, badges
and regalia to the committee which Chair
man Wariield appointed as follows: F. A.
Haber, Rapnael Weill, J. J. O'Brien, W.
D. Harper and William Newman.
Owing to his absence from the City
Major Rathbone resigned and S. H. Fried
lander was appointed upon the executive
committee upon the recommendation of
the committee on theatrical benefits.
The finance committee has prepared 600
circulars for distribution among the lead
ing lirnis ana business houses asking liuan
cial assistance.
ESCORTED WITH HONORS
Arrival of the Remains of the
Late General W. H.
DimoEd.
Burial Ceremonies To-Day Under the
Direction of the National
Guard.
The funeral-car "Woodlawn," bearing
the remains of Major-General W. 11.
Dimond, division commander of the Na
tional Guard, arrived at Oakland at 8:45
o'clock last evening. The body was met
at the State line beyond Truckee by an
escort of staff officers. There Edwin R.
Dimond met his brother, Harry Diraond,
who was with his father in New York
wnen the latter died. A. Cheese brough and
Colonel T. H. Goodman also went to meet
the incoming train.
At the Sacramento depot the train was
met by E. 1). McCabe, private secretary of
Governor Budd; K. I. Peeler, assistant
adjutant-general; Colonel J. B. Wright of
Governor Budd's staff; Colonel A. E.
Castle, chief of division staff; Colonel J.
R. Lame, Lieutenant-Colonel J. C. Cur
rier, Lieutenant-Colonel Fred F. Follisand
Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Cluff, division
staff; Lieutenant-Colonel Giesting, Second
Brigade staff : Major Douglas and Major
Terry, Third Brigade staff; Colonel Hor
ace G. Platt, retired, and Captain P. de L.
ogton, I". B. A.
Officers meeting the train at the San
Francisco ferry station were General R. H.
Wartield, Second Brigade, and Captains
Napthaly and Warner of the Second
Brigade staff.
The mounted Signal Corps, Second
Brigade, Captain Boardman commanding,
escorted the remains from the ferry to the
family residence on Broadway. Only
three men were absent from the corps.
A guarc. of honor from the iSignal Corps
will remain at the casket until the hour
of the funeral to-day.
The ceremonies will be conducted to-day
under the direction of the National Guard.
General Warfield will command the Sec
ond Brigade. Lieutenant-Colonel Victor
Duboce will command ttie First Infantry
Regiment of twelve companies formed in
three batteries. Captain Charles A. Jenks
will command the troop of cavalry. Cap
tain Boardman will command the* Signal
Corps.
Captain Cunningham's Company X of
the First Inlantry will tire the volley over
the grave.
At the Presidio, under the direction of
General Graham, U. S. A., guns will be
fired as the funeral cortege moves to the
cemetery. When the body is placed in the
grave the Presidio will be signaled from
the cemetery and then the eight-inch bat
tery will tire the major-general's salute of
thirteen guns, ten seconds intervening be
tween i he firing of each gun.
Geneial Muller, Third Brigade, arrived
in San Francisco last evening to attend
the funeral. Many officers of the Third
Infantry Regiment will attend the ob
sequies.
It is de3ired by the commanding officer
of the Second "Brigade that all the men
belonging to the First Infantry regiment
should be excused from regular duty at
their places of business to-day.
Comrades T. H. Goodman" and Charles
Wilson will represent George H. Thomas
Post No. 2. G. A. X., as pallbearers. Com
rades of the post have been requested to
assemble at the First Presbyterian Church,
corner Van Ness avenue and Sacramento
street, at '1 p. if.
Late last night it was announced that
the ceremonies at the ceme f ery would be
conducted by George H. Thomas Post ac
cording to the ritual of tbe Grand Army
of the Republic.
At the Old Stitnd.
Edward Brown, formerly of the firm of
Brown, Craig & Co., who has been en
gaged in the insurance business for the
past twenty-one years in this City, has
associated with him his son, Arthur M.
Brown, and they now occupy the offices
so long occupied by Brown, Craig & Co.,
at 407 and 409 Montgomery street. They
represent two uf tha strongest companies
doing business in this country, viz.: the
Svea Fire Insurance Company of Sweden,
the only Swedish company doing business
on the coast, and the American Fire In
surance Company of Philadelphia. The
high standing and long experience of
these gentlemen in the insurance busi
ness are a guarantee that the two com
panies will be ably represented on the
coast.
Farewell to Goodwin.
There was a pleasant gathering in the red
room of ihc Bohemian Club last night. Mr.
Frawley of the Columbia Theater and the
ladies and gentlemen of the company gave a
farewell banquet to Nnt Uoodwfo, who is about
to depart lor pastures new. About thirty were
present and the affair was most enjoyable.
Music was furnished by the Columbia Theater
orchestra.
THE NATION'S DAY
HEAR AT HAND.
Progress of the Prepara
tions for Its Ob
servance.
FUN FOR THE ORPHANS.
A Creditable and Patriotic
Demonstration Is Now
Assured.
ITS MANY FINE FEATURES.
The Expense Estimates Scakd Down
Last Evening by the Executive
Committee.
i It is now a foregone conclusion that the
coming Fourth of July celebration will be
I a credit to San Francisco. There will be a
j fine military parade, aud the literary ex
ercises at the Auditorium will be unusual
ly enjoyable. The children of the several
orphan asylums will be well entertained
in Golden Gate Park, and pyrotechnics,
while not especially elaborate, will be
tasteful and appropriate.
In consequence of the late date of the
organization of the executive committee
and the limited time remaining in which
to solicit subscriptions some of the features
originally contemplated in the demon
stration have been abandoned.
It was wished to adopt the idea of the
! decoration committee, for a grand electri
j cal illumination and ornamentation of
i the principal streets for three consecutive
! days, but now it is the general sentiment
\ that to carry it out would be far too expen
sive. It is also doubtiul if the Continental
j Army will make as conspicuous a figure
| in t,he parade as was at first intended.
There will not be any lack of patriotism,
! though; the Sons of the American Revo
i lution will turn out. if the so called Con
j tinental Array does not. The Declaration
of Independence wiil be read by John
! Robinson, the son of a soldier of the
I Revolution, and an oration will be dcliv
' ered by Zeaas U. Dodge, the grandson of a
soldier of the Revolution. The tableaux
will be excellent, and so will the vocal
chorus of 200 voices.
At its session last evening the executive
committee addressed itself to the task of
scaling down the sums demanded by the
various sub-committees, so that the ex
penses incurred should not by any mis
chance exceed the receipts. The auditing
committee considered the $3500 asked for
; by the parade committee to be too high,
' and advised a reduction of from 2o to 30
i per cent. Favorable reports were made
, upon the following items:
National Guard, $780; two floats, $300;
music, $800; regalia, .f-JOO; literary commit
tee..s4 UO; invitation and reception committee
$750; fireworks, $1000. With other minor
; items this made a loiul of $t>533.
The collections to date, reported by the
| finance committee, aggregate $22:54, ' with
j the Southern Pacific Cttmpauy, the banks
and insurance companies yet to come.
Grand Marshal Umbsen said he would
like an appropriation for two more floats
in the parade and $4iiO for the Continental
i Army. The $780 appropriated for the Na
i tional Guard of California was finally
adopted and action upon the other appro
; priations was deferred. There was some
! talk of dispensing with a grand stand, but
j the question was not finally determined.
The orphans (800 in all) will be taken
! out to Golden Gate Park, where the Native
Daugt;ters of tbe Golden West and
the Ladies of the Grand Army of the
j Republic will take care of them. They i
| will be given a luncheon, rides on the I
i merry-go-round, etc., and each orphan
will be presented with a neat little souvenir
flag. It is expecteu that free transporta
tion will be furni.thed the children to and !
\ from the park oy the Market-street Rail
! way Company. Upon their return to the
| City in the evening the orphans will be
I further entertained with a modest cx
i hibition of fireworks.
Secretary Adrian Smith of the Fourth i
of July Committee is in receipt of an ap- I
plication from the Portuguese Union No. j
7 to h;ive a float in the parade representing !
the first circumnavigation of the globe. I
This will be very elaborate and beautiful. ■
Albert Clark, a San Francisco lad, has j
; also requested that he be allowed to ride
; in the procession with a cart drawn by
j dogs in tandem.
The ship captains want a float with a
j saluting flag on it, that can be dipped and
manipulated according to the signal rules
I laid down by the United States nay> r .
I Captain A. P. Spear is the principal in
| this idea.
The public schools are taking a lively |
interest in the celebration and little tots !
come every day to the headquarters in- j
| quiring about floats and the costumes !
necessary for the parade. The entire Sec- i
ond Brigade of the National Guards will :
turn out under the command of Major !
Charles H. Murphy. The major is on |
General Warneid's staff, and the general j
Another reason
why we give money back if you don't like
Schilling's Best tea :
All tea sold in the United States is
roasted in far-away tea countries ; and, on
the way here, it loses that crisp delicacy
of flavor that tea has when it is first roasted.
All tea, except Schilling's Best, which
is roasted by machinery (clean) in San
Francisco, and goes to your grocer soon
after being roasted.
We want it to go to you — quick. That
is why we say "Money back if you don't
like it." We don't want it to stay around
on the grocer's shelves until it is old like
other tea.
San Francisco «» A Schilling & Company
I has taken this as a compliment to himself
and promises to spare no pains in making
J the display particularly fine. The num
ber of bands will not be decided until next
Friday.
The committee expresses itself disposed
to favor the presence of union men among
the musicians as far as is possible, yet it
may be necessary to have some non-union
men in line. The Musicians' Union has
met the committee in a very amicable
manner and has offered to play in the
parade with the non-union men, owing to
the fact that it is a patriotic celebration. /
The Grand Army men are going to turn
out in good force, and the Seven Pines
Circle, Woman's Relief Corps, is now pre
paring a float of great beauty, the nature
of which they refuse to divulge. The Vet
eran Volunteer Firemen will be promi
nently placed in line and will turn out in
large number. The Fire Department will
also have a large representation in the pa
rade.
Besides these the Leagne of the Cross
Cadets will turn out with all their com
j panics. The Sons of Revolutionary Sires,
including some of the most, prominent
citizens, will be represented. An invita
tion has been sent to Governor Budd and
stuff, and it is hoped he will be present to
add to the glory and pageantry of the
day.
The staff officers have not all been se
lected, as all the appointees have not yet
been heard from, and the announcements
will not be made until all the returns are
' in. It is provided, however, to have one
chief of staff, five chief aids, thirty aids,
twelve marshals of division and twenty
four aids to the marshals.
The literary programme promises to be
exceedingly tine. The chairman of the
literary committee already has received a
great quantity of poetic effusions, and the
competition for the $50 prize is very keen.
The decoration committee met yester
day, but decided it could do nothing until
lit was allowed $800. All committees
are instructed to hand in type-written re
ports of the amounts of money they re
' quire by next Thursday, when the execu-
I live committee will audit them, together
1 with the reports of the finance committee
lon the amount received. Appropriations
I will then be made, and all committees will
1 thereafter work with more definiteness.
A communication was received from the
i Retail Hatters' Association, saying that
' all the places of ' business of exclusive hat
I establishments would close on the Fourth
| after 1 o'clock. in the afternoon.
♦ .
FATHER BYRNE TO SPEAK.
A Celebration That Will Take Place
on the Third.
The Young Men's Catholic Union held
a meeting last night to complete arrange
ments for a special celebration of the
I Fourth of July.
In consequence of the Fourth falling on
a Saturday it was resolved that the Cath
olic Union should hold its exercises on
toe evenine of the 3d. This will give
members an opportunity of attending
! other celebrations, or of going into the
I country to pass the Fourth. The young
I men's celebration will take place in Metro
-1 politan Temple, which will be patriotic
ally decorated with a large number of
American Hairs. It was resolved to use
, nothing else to adorn the building except
the portraits of the signers of the Decla
, tion of Independence.
Judge J. F. Sullivan will preside, and
: will make some interesting remarks. Miss
K;ite Black will sing "The Star-spangled
Banner," and the Declaration of Inde
pendence will be read by Ben McKinley,
the cousin of the President-elect, who won
a prize given by the Leaeue of the Cross
the other day. "Tbe Sword of Bunker
i Hill" will be sung by G. V. Wood.
There will be an original poem by
i Charles D. South. The oration ot the cx
i ercises will be made by Rev. Joseph F.
: Byrne, the chaplain of tiie Catholic
I Union; Drake's address to the flag will be
i delivered by Frank F. Shea, Miss Nellie
J Gallagher will sing "Columbia, the Gem
i of the Ocean," J. K. Tobin of the Park
i band will play a trombone solo and "The
Red, White and Blue" will be sung by a
j quartet composed of David Manlloyd, G.
! V. Woods, Miss K. M. BlacK and Miss
i Nellie Oailagher. David Manlloyd will
| also sing the tenor solo from "Maritana,"
I "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall." Professor
! Harrison will preside at the organ.
THE HOWARD CLUB.
It Will Have a Uniformed Drill Corps
for the Campaign.
A large ami enthusiastic meeting of the
Howard Club was held last evening at
i Pythian Castle Hail, 90934 Market street.
i Over 300 members were present. I. Kin
j caid, one of the members of the club, was
! complimented on the able and efficient
; manner in which he conducted the parade
i on Saturday evening.
P. J. Gray delivered a stirring address
on the advisability of the members of the
club in their respective precincts seeing
that Republican friends were registered as
early as possible, The club was enlight
i ened upon the question of protection by
Richard Downing, Peter Lynch, Richard
I McCreedie, Edward M. Sweeney and
I others.
The club will uniform its members for
j the coming campaign, and has engaged a
I drill master to drill its members with the
expectation of having one of the finest drill
clubs in the City. The club adjourned
with three cheers for McKinley and for
protection.
— — •
Burglars Blow Ip Safes.
The ease with which skilled burglars
break open 3afe«, even so-called burglar
proof ones, causes them to be regarded
with distrust as secure places for the de
posit of valuables. An insurance against
loss by burglars that beats a burglar-proof
bafe is a policy in the New England Burg
lary insurance Company. It indemnifies
ajrainst loss not alone of valuables but for
all damages to property caused by the
burglars.
HAPPY PICNICKERS
AT SAN RAFAEL,
The Enjoyable Reunion of
St. Brigid's Parish
ioners.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Company G Has a Merry and
Memorable Day in Schuet
zen Park.
IN AID OF THE NEW CHURCH.
There Were G mes and Dancing With
out Any Intemperance — A Model
Gathering.
From morning until evening yesterday
at Schuetzen Park, picturesquely located
in the hills of Marin County, tbere was a
scene of youthful merriment. It was a |
sociable gathering of Company G, League j
of the Cross Cadets, and a large crowd was
in attendance.
The boats of the Tiburon ferry leaving
San Francisco at 9 and 11 a. m. and 12:38
and 3:30 p. m. were crowded with the
| cadets and their invited guests. The hours
I of the morning and the afternoon were
| parsed pleasantly and all too quickly in
the athletic i antes and dances usual with !
such gatherings, and it was 6:30 p. m. I
before the last of the merry company took
the special train and journeyed back to
tbe City.
The League of the Cross, as is well
j known, is a total abstinence society under
the auspices of the Roman Catholic
church. All young men between the ages
of 16 and 21 years are eligible to member
ship in the cadets. Company G was or- I
i g.inized in St. Brigid's parish in May,
1894, and mustered into the First Regi
ment of the League of the Cross Cadets in
I the following month with fifty members ,
enrolled. It is now commanded by EL J.
, Power, captain ; Owen McMahon, first ;
j lieutenant; James J. Scanlan, second lien- \
j tenant. Following is the list of tbe non
j commissioned officers: First sergeant,
i William Madden; second sergeant, Robert
Powers; third sergeant, James Toohy; \
! fourth serge-ant, William Hennessy; fifth j
sergeant, .Tos-ph Maloney; first corporal, j
' D. J. Earle; second corporal, H. Griffiths:
; third corporal, P. Colligan; fourtn corpo
\ ral, William Curry ; tilth corporal, Thomas
I Crowley; quartermaster-sergeant, William
Dixon.
Company G has a record to be coveted.
; Its percentage at a recent, inspection was
98. and its labors in tbe grand competitive !
I military drill of last year were so noticea- ;
■ ble tha< it was awarded a $25 pri^e. Ser- \
! gennt William Dixon, one of its non-com-
I missioned officers, bore away from 150
| competitors the Ryland trophy, and Cap
i tain Powers wears upon his breast the
| Montgomery medal, the object of each
'company's ambition. It is almost super
fluous to say that all of the cadets carry
! sabers, are handsomely uniformed in blue
! and well drilled.
At Schuetzen Park yesterday the young
folks talked and lunched under the shady
trees and strolled around the grounds and
danced in the pavilion.
There were suitable athletic games for
t'irlß, voting ladies; married ladies, fat
women, members of the Immaculate Con- !
ception Sodality, boys, altar - boys and j
members of St. Aloysius Sodality. There !
I were also races for the cadets, the married
i men and tne fat men, the winners of
i which were awamed suitable prizes.
01<i St. Brigid'B Church, at the corner of
j Van Ness avenue and Broadway, was \
j built in September, 1864, by Archbishop I
i Alemany. A new and handsome modern j
| structure is now in course of erection upon j
j the site of tne old church, the Rev. J. E.
, Cottle pastor, and it was to aid in defray
i ing the expenses of the building and to be j
I commemorated in one of its stained-glass
[ windows, when completed, that the cadets
; held their picnic at Shuetzen. Under j
I these circumstances it was sure to be sue
! cessful and enjoyable.
! is the list of the committees
having its details in charge:
General committee — Captain E. J. Power \
(chairman), Lieutenant and Quartermaster H. j
V. Sullivan, Lieutenant James Scanlan, Ser- j
geant William Madden, Serjeant William Hen- !
nessy, Private John A. Duffy. Private Al Mur- |
phy.
Floor manager— Private John P. Puffy.
Assistant floor manager— Corporal David J.
Earle.
Floor committee— Lieutenant O. McMahon,
NEW TO-DAY. <7:
SisliSET HODSK
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS.
300 dozen LADIES' BLACK AND DRAB SA-
TEEN, PERFKCT-FITTING FRENCH
MODEL CORSETS, regular price $1 75, will
be close I out at $1.
The Ventilating or Summer Corset, new
in style, perfect in shape. Price from
75c up.
Genuine Jennesg Miller Model Bodice,
Equipoise Waists.
PATENT "GOO 1 -Si>'SE" CORSET WAISTS,
GENUINE JACKSON, FAVORITE WAIST.
— BICYCLE CORSETS.—
ur BUSTLES are the Standard of Fashion.
CAUTION — Having no agencies or brunch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO MIST IN OUR ADDRESS
3VE. DETL2ZSXJOD eft* SON,
742-744 flarketSt. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
COAL! COAL
Wellington $10 00 ....
SouUiiield 9 50
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. 350
Seattle 8 00— Halt ton. 400 !
Bryant 7 00— Half too. 400
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
522 Howard Street, Near Ftft.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.'
#utw §atfe.
OUR TROPICAL PALACE OPEN DAILY
FROM 7 A. M. TO II P. M.
Special Tanks for Ladle* and Children.
Swimming instructors Always Present.
Grand Electrical Display Every Evcnlne.
DON'T FAIL TO ViSIT THE GLAtS EXHIBIT.
-GENE ;AI. ,i OMISSION—
NEW TO-DAY.
I 8100 d... ■ il
Bubbles.
{ l V
ji> Those pimples or btetches V
<|> that disfigure your skin, are ||i
|ij> blood bubbles. They mark «[■
<jj the unhealthy condition of the jr
( jj blood-current that throws them a!
<jj up. You must get down to |
( >) the blood, before you can be \\
*l rid of them. Local treatment |i
J is useless. It suppresses, but j|
«,) does not heal. The best rem- <J»
,|) edy for eruptions, scrofula, < ( !
jo sores, and all blood diseases, is I*
ji Ayer's
I Sarsaparilla. |!
Lieutenant J. scanlan, Sergeant J. Toohy, Ser
geant R. Power, Private A. Murphy, Private 11.
Harvey.
Committee on games — Captain E. J. Power
(chairman). Lieutenant James Scanlan, Ser
geant Wi.liam Hennessy, Private AI Murphy.
Committee of arrangements — Lieutenant I).
McMahon (chairman), Sergeant James Toohy,
Corporal D. Enrlo, Corporal F. Colligan, Cor
poral T. Crowley, Private Kd Murphy. Private
John Haley, Private Thomas Keoghn, Privnte
H. Harvey. Private B. Mathews, Private E.
Lonergan, Private C Hay, Private J. O'Neill,
Private H. Smith, Private P. Murphy, Private
A. Rice, Private if. Kennedy, Private William
Terry.
Eh r.'ption committee— Lieutenant J. Scan
lan (chairman), Sergeant Robert Powers, Ser
geant J. Maloney, Sergeant William Madden,
Sergeant William Dixon, Cornoral W. Carry,
Corpora] EL Briffith, Private c Gorman. Pri
vate c. Miitliews. Private J. Gilchrist, Private
E. Diiff> , Private G. Berti, Private r.. Nolan,
Private R. Mdfahon, Private E. Dougherty,
Private T. Dugan, Private R. Donovan, Private
J. Moyles, Private <;. I.ovejoy, Private G. Crow
ley, Private M. Bruton.
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & rO.'S THEATERS.
T~. 1 ONE
HaldwsN $0
Kvery Kvening 8:30. • Matinee Saturday.
Brilliant Reception. Immediate and Unequivocal
Success
ivcfi.. «rcs3HCi*r i>m3\7«r
And his American Company— management
< lias. Frohman— presenting
"THE SQUIRE OF DAMES!"
By R. C, Canon, author of "Liberty Hall."
NOTE— On Monday, June 29, this Theater will
close for the usual summer holiday, and will reopen
Monday, July 27, with the New .York Knviru
Theater Company.
— •
A. AT THE . . A
(.Alfr/tpti A GENUINE
UHLIrUKWS*' SUCCESS
L R. STOCKWELL'S > jhr
Company of Players, |
including s~T^r**ir
HERBERT . KELCKY, l\. ■-< I ■
HERBERT KELCEY, VJI \ Lj ■
EFFIK SHANNON | MA D ''
And other favorites. ..:■•'•- I»ir\l\Lii
Unequaled in its Comedy, Laughter and
Genuine Interest. ( ',
Don't wait | Prices— lsc, 25c t 35c, 500
until it I and 7,"><v A eood seat in a choice
is too la'e location for 35 and 50 cents,
for your seats. Matinee - J5 and 50 cents.
Monday, June '29— "A BUNCH OF VIOLETS."
TRICDLAnOtiIOOTTIODft G" LtiiMAnoruruwtW—
THEY NOT
DID BOLT
—LAST NIGHT— •
So intense was the interest in
LORD CHUMLEY
As presented by th"
Only Perfect Dramatic Organization,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY!
That the immense audience remained until the
final act to call the entire company
before the curtain.
And now. on't. Walt for S«-;its !-....
Remember your experience last week.
Monday Next -Il 1 - WIFK'.S FATHER."
:*i ; -V ■ Another Delightful Comedy.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Slab. «■' ■MWB 1 1 ■ ■ Kbeli.vo. Proprietor it .auu.i;a;
EVERY EVENING-!
BRILLIANT SCENIC PKODUCTIO.N
Of the Operatic Spectacle,
FILLED WITH
HONEST FUN"! LOVELY SONGS!
GRACEFUL DANCES !
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES!
Gorgeous Ballets! Startling Effects'. ■
A .Pleasure Trip for Young and. Old.
Pooular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest. Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO,_JSoIa Leniee and Maaa*ir
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
F'KST PRODUCTION HERE
Of Harry Meredith's Latest Success,
A PERILOUS VOYAGE !
Special Engagement of t he Eminent Leading Man
WILLIAM L. ROBERTS.
f.VKNi.vn PilTnEI OTfl an! "•>».
I nmlly Circle and Gallery. 10a.
flsnal Matinee* Saturday and Sunriar.
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between folk and Van Ness Avenne.
WJI. K. JOHNS Lessee and Manager.
JOE G. CHARTERS Assistant Manager
A MOST GRATIFYING SUCCK>S!
HOI'SKS CROWD KD NIGHTLY!
Every evening during; this week
AND SA URDAY MATINEE.
America's Representative Irish Comedian,
XD^INT MCCARTHY
Supported by MISS LOU KIPLKY and tho PARK
THEATER STOCK COMPANY, in
"THE CRUISKEEN LAWN!"
POPULAR PRICES— Reserved Seats, ;
15c and '2Sc: Galliry. 10c. Matinee, Adults 15c,
Children 10c.
Sunday matinee, June 28— Dan McCarthy . In
"The ltambler From Clare."
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PoweiL'-
Week Commencing Monday. June 23,
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday). June -A,
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c.
Children, 10c, any part.
6 NEW BRILLIANT STARS— 6
BILLY VAN, LILLIAN WESTERN, STEWA RT
SLSTEPS. BIMBO AND TEHI, MARLO-
DUNHAM FAMILY, and others.
35-GREAT VAUDEVILLE STARS-25
THE CHUTES.
OPEN ONLY SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS until
completion of improvements.
Unless Otherwise Specially Stated.
OPENING OF THE GRAND CIRCUIT
. TKIiTTIX« -HORSE BKEEDIRS' ASS'V.
RACES! ||§g^ RACES!
iivgijSsitji:.
June 27, 30 ; July 1, 2, 3, 4, 1896.
Great races every day. Best horses on the Coast
present. Ttaces begin at " o'clock. Mission-street
cars. Soeclal train 1:16 o'clock.
78
HER LOVE WAS
NOT LASTING,
Rosie Olivier Tries to Send
Her Husband to
Prison.
A SELF-CONFESSED LIAR
Testimony Given in the Police
Court Was Badly Con
tradicted.
MAMMA'S BALEFUL INFLUENCE
Mrs. Brady Could Not Forgive Her
Son-in-Law for Marrying Her
Daughter.
Manuel Olivier's dream of love is shat
tered. Manuel is a. son of the sunny
Fouth and Joyed ordently, but it seems
that the object of his affections was un
worthy of the efforts he made to win her.
Yesterday, in Judge Belcher's court, the
girl he once went to jail for deliberately
acknowledged herself a liar and a perjurer,
in order if possible to send him again to
prison.
Less than four months ago Olivier was
a roomer at the house of Mrs. Esther
Brady, 14:5 Minna street. He fell in love
with Rosie Brady, the daughter of his
landlady, a young woman whose ace is
shrouded in even more mystery than is
usual on that point with most members of
the gentler sex. Rosie loved Manuel too,
or at least she felt at that time that life
with him would be preferable to one spent
in the domicile of her mother.
At any rate, Mrs. Brady woke up one
fine morning to lind thai her daughter
had eloped with the lodger, and at one
cad blow she bad been bereft of a child
and an income of $3 per week. Mrs. Brady
has not the most angelic temper in' the
world, and when she realized the fell extent
of her loss she feil into a tine frenzy and im
mediately posted off to police headquar
t-rs and swore out a warrant for Olivier's
arrest on a charge of abduction.
Before the lovesick couple could be ap
prehended they were married, and so the
nlduction charge fell flat. Not to be
balked in her revenge, Mrs. Brady then
obtained a warrant charging her new son-
tmile Hestres. the Pioneer Who Has Been Missing for Two Weeks.
in-law with perjury for having sworn that
I) is bride was over IS years old when he se
cured the marriage license. Olivier spent
Beveral days in jail and the aged head of
the Brady family liurrced as much as she
could of her abuadant anatomy for very
joy.
At the preliminary hearing in the Police
Court Rosie stood up quite bravely for her
husband and took all the blame on her
self. She swore that Manuel believed her
almost 10 years of age, and that she had
on every iccasion so informed him, giving
as her reason for so doing her love of him
and her desire to get away from her
mother's home.
Yesterday when Rosie was put on the
Maud in Judge Belcher's court she shower l
that she had experienced a wonderful
change of heart. Although married less
than a half year she acknowledged that
fche would not go back to her husband.
.She has returned to the sheltering arms of
Mamma Brady, and her testimony no
doubt pleased that amiable person.
M ra. Olivier swore that she is not yet 18
years of age, that sjhe lied in her testimony
j:iven in the Police^ Court, and denied that
she had ever on any occasion told her bus
band tbat she was of age.
In direct contradiction to this testimony
Olivier's attorneys introduced in evidence
a letter which the witness acknowledged
having written some time during last
January. It reads as follows:
Dear ifaniicl, or Dcnr Husband: I got your
note and was glad to hear that you were
dreumingof me. AVhy, dear Manuel, I dream
of you nearly every night.
Well, Manuel, you will want to know about
my age, go now I am going to tell you the
whole story. My aunt had a spat with ma
about a year ago, so I went to see her shortly
after that and we got talking about ases, so
•wnen I said I am 17 this Fourth (July 4)— that
is the last Fourth— Manuel, why you should. -cc
her look at me, and then she told me that I
was six months older than her daughter, and
her daughter was born in January, bo by riijht
1 will be 19 next Fourth; and one night about
five or six months ago my aunt was talking
about ages before ma, and when ma said I was
only 17 she whs just going to speak up, and I
just looked over in time to see ma make a
i-ign to my aunt, and then they stopped talking
on that subject.
So now. dear Manuel, I have told you all
about my age, so I am going to let ma have
her own way about my age, because, Manuel,
J aon'i want to have any trouble with, her, be
cause you know, Manuel, your mother is your
best friend and I never let on thai I was told I
was older, for it would make her feel mad.
Now, dearest. I want you to understand this :
I have a daughter's love for my mother, cer
tainly as a good girl always has, and when she
f-ays i shall not do a certain thing I never do
it, not because I fear her, you see, but just be
cause I love h<T dearly, for a girl that is true
lo her mother la always truer to her husband.
And now, dear Manuel, in spite of all that I
think so much of you, and I love you so, Man
uel, that when yoii are ready no one on earth,
either mother or father, can stop me from be
coming your wife. Weil, dearest, r.b 1 have no
more to say, I draw to a close, hoping you will
be pleased with my note and excuse my mis
takes, as I had a bad chance to-iay to write or
take my time, so pood-by, honey. From your
true Boeie, or your true wife,
Mrs. OLIVIER * * *
P. S.— Yes, Manuel, we will, in spite of all.
The stars at the bottom of the letter, it
was explained, meant kisses.
In charging the jury, Jtidse Belcher
said he did not think that Olivier should
have been held by the police court. In
sp"ite of this, when the twelve good men
and true returned their verdict, the de
fendant was found guilty as charged and
recommended to the utmost mercy of the
court.
Olivier will be up for sentence on Satur
day if he is not granted a new trial before
that time,
Suit for Damages.
James Burke, a teamster, formerly employed
by Knglander Bros., has sued Seurle & Holt for
Sp:J0,000 damages for injuries sustained by
reason of being knocked irom his wagon. He
was loading paper in seventy-pound bundles
at the Golden (rate warehouse when a bundle
thrown by an employe of Searle & Holt hit
him and knocked him from the wapon, inflict
ing injuries which he claims are ptrmunent.
Bip Mining Company Organized.
The Mai'kay Gold and Silver Mining Com
pany has been incorpQrated by I*. J. Keyes,
John M. Dormer, W. T. O'Neale, fi. M. Padgett
ami Thomas Eagar. The capital stock is $18,
--000,000, all of which has been subscribed. P.
J. Keyes has taKen $14,9(50,000 oi the stock
and the other gentlemen $ 10,0(10 worth each.
Imanity Case*.
Judge Hebbaril yesterday sent Abraham Ro
senfeld of 1919 Ellis street and James \V. Mar
tin of 932 Capp street to the Napa Asylum.
They are insane. Kosenfeld imagines he is the
most intelligent man in the world, and Martin
that he is in constant communication with the
devil.
EMILE HESTRES MISSING.
Once He Owned Half a Million,
but Speculation Ruined
Him.
Built the First Theater in Stockton.
A Legacy From Signor De
La Vega.
Emile Hestre 5 , a Frenchman, who came
to this City in 184!t, was well known in the
northern mines and in this City, dis
appeared from his home on the movr.ing
of the 7th of this month and has not been
seen since.
Mr. Hestres, upon his arrival in this
City, like many others, remained but a
short time and then started for the north
ern mines, and finally located in Stockton,
where he engaged in commerce. One of
the enterprises he engaged in was the pur
chase of a flour mill at Knight's Landing
from Colonel Dent, who became the
father-in-iaw of General U. S. Grant.
While in Stockton, so some who have
known him for many years say, he built
the tirst theater in that place. During the
early days of the minintr excitement on j
the Comstock, he closed out his business |
in Stockton and then came to this City j
and engaged in the purchase and sale of ;
mining stocks.
He dealt extensively in Justice and j
Raymond <fe Ely, and his investments I
realized him not less than $15,000 a month. '
His broker, the late Henry Schmidell, at
one time advised him to sell out when he
would clear up $600,000, but he wanted to
make a million, and in his endeavor to se- i
cure that he, like many other speculators, i
lost all. He managed after that to do a i
little in the speculating line and held the
secretaryship of some mining companies, j
but as age advanced he was unable to con- I
tinue in this line of bnsiness, so he de
voted his attention to making collections
on commissions.
About twelve years ago he rentea a
room at 609 Pine street and remained
there until the day of his disappearance, j
Mrs. Juiie Quercy. the landlady, stated
yesterday that she has kent the house one i
year, during which time Hestres paid his !
rent regularly until last month, when he
became delinquent. Mrs. Quercy, taking
pity on the old man, furnished him a
Bowl of soup every evening, and he prom- i
ised to repay her kindness, but up to the !
time of his disappearance he had tailed to j
do so. During the time she has had |
charge of the house Hestres never had
but two visitors, a middle-aged woman
who was always accompanied by a boy j
about seven years of ace. Who this i
woman is Mrs. Quercy did not know, but I
on one occasion heard Hestres say that |
she was his srodchild.
When Sigrnor de la Vetra, the million- !
aire old Californian, died he he by his will '
left $1000 to Hestres. and this has been |
paid to him monthly in small sums, about \
$10 at a time.
About two months ago a divorced
woman named Magendie, but who after
her divorce was known as Mrs. Schaffer, ;
died and Hestres attended her funeral.
After that his mind seemed to be affected
and he did not seem to be like his former
self. This grew to such a degree that one j
or two of his old customers, who still cm- j
ployed him to collect rents for them, dis- ;
charged him, fearine to trust him. On j
two previous occasions he lost bis way in j
the Mission district and when found wan- j
dering around he was unable to tell where !
his home was. On one occasion i c was i
kept by some kind-hearted people for j
three days. It is likely that he has wan- I
dered away and has been taken charge of j
by some family anxious to learn who he is. j
At one time Hestres was interested in a !
number of quicksilver mines with the late
Theodore Le Roy and a number of prom
inent members of the French colony.
In order to make people keep their
distance it is necessary first to keep your
own.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1836.
BUCKLEYITES ARE
ALL ON DECK,
The Biggest Meeting Held
Since the Split
Occurred.
NUMBERS AND HURRAH.
The General Committee Prepares
for a Future Municipal
Convention.
O'BRIEN STILL IN THE FOLD.
Declaration of War, Hope of Peace,
Loyalty to the Dollar Limit
and Speeches.
The Buckley regular Democratic Gen
eral Committee held the biggest and most
enthusiastic meeting in its history at
I B'nai B'rith Hail last evening. It will
not hereafter be hinted by the coterie of
the Flood building that the Buckleyites
| are whipped off the face of the earth or
■■ that they will be breaking their necks to
! get into the Junta camp.
The organization which was denied
! recognition by Frank Gould at Sacra
j mento, last night emphatically declared it
j self the re.ular and legal party organiza-
I tion, ordered a primary to elect delegates
j to a municipal convention to be held in
September, ordered headquarters .opened
in each Senatorial district, resolved to re
mind the four Democratic Supervisors
! that they were elected on a dollar-limit
platform and loudly cheered men and
| speeches expressive of the determination
to stand boldly together and win.
There cropped out in two or three of the
speeches the general belief and desire that
i the party would, however, be united
I through a fair primary which would give
| the Democratic voters a chance to create
j one party organization. But until that
j comes the Buckle yites will hold and mass
| and play their strength to its fullest ci
i tent.
The chaira in the hall provided seats for
i about half those present. Men stood
! three deep along the side wall, packed the
rear of the hall and tilled the gallery.
Chairman Joseph Piothschild called the
meeting to order and Secretary D. M.
Gavigan's rollcall showed the presence of
386 members of the committee. Most of
the delegates to Sacramento and about 300
spectators were also present.
"Well, now, are we the people or are the
other fellows?" was jubilantly asked a
hundred times when the typical Demo
cratic San Francisco mass-meeting had
pawed tne sawdust into moistened disor
der and the touacco smoke had spread its
haze.
Five cheering? and one bunch of his3e3
interrupted the rollcall. Dr. D. F. Reagan,
who went to the enemy some time ago and
became a delegate to Chicago, was hissed.
James H. O'Brien, who iiatl been report
ed in the Kainev camp while he was at the
Santa Cruz carnival, answered "Here" all
right and the boys hurrahed. Thomas
Ashworth got his usuitl applause, as did
Recorder Giynn and Railroad Commis
sioner Btanton.
Frank Malloye offered the following
resolution orderinc a primary election and
giving the executive committee general
power and discr tion where the interests
of the faction are concerned:
Stsolved, That in pursuance of section 3.
anicle 1, of the constitution of the General
Committee, a cull is hereby made for the pur
pose of holding a primary for the election of
delegates to a municipal nominating conven
tion to be held in the City and County of San
Francisco not lp.ier than Beptember 15, 1896.
Besolved, That in accordance with section 1,
article- V, ot the constitution, the number of
delegates composing s*id municipal conven
tion -imil be 4so, apportioned as follows: To
each Assembly district twcity-thrt l -? delegates,
to be elected by the district clubs of the As
sembly district; two delegates at large lor
each Assembly district, to be elected by the
voters of tiie eighteen Assembly district clubs,
Jtcsolved, That pursuant to article VI, sec
tions 1, 2 and 3, of theconstitution, candidates
lor the Senate shall be nominated by the
Bevernl Assembly district clubi embraced in
each Senatorial district; that candidates for
the Assembly shall be nominated by the As
sembly district club in each Assembly dis
trict : "lhat the nominees for members of the
Legislature, when elected by the district club,
shall be reported to the municipal convention
for indorsement.
Resolved, That the executive committee be
and hereby is empowered to designate days
and dates for future enrollment of members
in district c'.ubs; day and date of making
nominations for delegates to municipal con
; ventiou and Legislative candidates; also date
i of holding primary election in accordance
j with articles I, II and 111 of the constitution
. governing district clubs, and to make any and
! all arrangements to curry out these resolutions
and to uttend to nil details in furtherance
| thereof and report the same to this committee.
Resolved, That the executive committee is
i further empowered to personally perform any
act that may be necessary to protect this com
mittee and the Democratic party in all its
I rights.
The resolution was adopted with a
! whoop, as was the following one, intro
! duced by T. J. Powers, declaring loyalty
: to the dollar limit:
Whereas, The tax-levy for the ensuing year
; is about to be considered by the Board of
i Supervisors, and among its members arc four
Democrats, elected on a platform pledged 10
the dollar limit; therefore, be it
Rttnlvcd, That we, the members of the Gen
j eral Committee, request that the executive
i committee of this body appoint a committee
to work. ui'Oii said .uemocratic Supervisors
and call their attention to the platform
| adopted at Union Hall beptember 11), L 894,
! and upon which they were elected, and which
we reaffirm and believe to be sufficient for the
purposei of conducting the present City gov
ern m-nt, as has been proven by many years
j of Democratic rule.
A resolution by James Eagan, author
izing the executive committee to open
j headquarters in each Senatorial district,
followed.
M. J. Donovan, chairman of the execu
tive committee, offered amid.applause the
j following resolution, which was quickly
adopted :
Whxbeas, The Genernl Committee of the
Deiuocratie party of the City and Couuty of
; Shu Francisco, of which Joseph Rothschild is
\ the president, is the only legal representative of
: the Democratic party of this City and County,
I. iivmg succeeded to all thu rights and powers
'■■ of all previous committees: therefore belt
Resolved, That the executive committee of
tins (ieneral Committee be and hereby is mi
i structed to proceed to acquire and reduce to
• possession, on behalf of this committee and for
I the use and benelit of this committee, any
i money or property of this committee or its
I : edecewor, in the hands of any person or per
sons, and upon acquiring control of the same
I to turn it over to the treasurer of this com
j xnittee.
The election of Matt O'Donnell as a
; member from the Forty-third District and
j of T. J. Casserly lrom the Thirty-sixth
j was approved.
This ended the business of the meeting,
| and the speeches and hurrah followed.
Dr. Stan ton received an ovation as he
j went to the platform, where he briefly
I said:
You all know the story of the State Conyen
■ tion. Through a series of misrepresentations
and the tricks of Mr. Gould's programme our
delegation was not seated, but a visit to this hall
to-niglit wouid settle anybody's doubts as to
which organizntion repiesented the regular
Democracy. At Sacramento the Junta tried to
I gain a promise thai they would not be hurt in
I San Francisco. That was their only fear. The
i question as to whether or not this organization
shall go in and administer the affairs of the
party rests with you.
Colonel O'Byrne poure< forth his elo
quence loyally. He told that the creden
tials committee at Sacramento adopted
the unit rule so as to wholly squelch the
friends they had in the committee.
"I would like to know," said Mr.
O'Byrne, *'if the Junta people could mus
ter such a gathering as this. There is
such an intense respectability among
many of the Junta Democrats that they
would shrink from clasping the hard,
horny hands of man3 r men in this body
who are true to their country and who
are ready to sustain their country in peace
or in war. Of such Democrats is this body
composed.
"I have taken a stand with this organi
zation and I will be true to the men I
stand with. In unity there is strength.
The enemy may try to break up this
organization by taking men away in de
tail, and if that is the policy ol the Junta
I ask you to stand firm and no', desert
your friend and neighbor. In ancient
Greece, neutrality in time of war was
punished with death, and he who
now fails falls or remains neutral
deserves political death. This is not the
time for oratory. The serried ranks are
not face to face. When that time comes
I, who come from a race that never turned
back to friend or foe, will stand with you,
and if we all stand together the people
shall rule here in this free and glorious
country of ours. 1 '
There were cries for Dunne, but Feter P.
Dunne was not present and M. J. Donovan
responded to howling calls. He spoke of
Sacramento, the packed jury, the billings
gate that was successfully opposed to evi
dence, and the 113 votes' for gold in the
Junta delegation.
"This committee has done one thine,"
continued Donovan. "We forced the
Junta to nominate James G. Maeuire for
Congress. This is evidenced by thefa^t
that less than one-half of the Junta dele
gation voted to send him to Chicago. We
will keep on until we have not only
elected Maguire, but a municipal ticket
from top to bottom."
James 11. O'Brien declined to take the
platform when orders to that effect were
howled at him.
"A flew months ago," he said, "at Metro
politan Hall, they said, 'We will adjourn
this committee sine die and you will never
hear of them again.' " They said
they adjourned sine die, but they
found us in the ring. Then they
said, 'We will get the State Committee
to recognize us and that will be the end of
them.' The State Committee recognized
them, and then they said, 'Well, the State
Convention will end all trace of them.'
Tie State Convention has been held and
here we are, never having held so large a
meeting as this of to-night.
"I suppose you have heard that I've
been heralded as a candidate for Sheriff,
but I am not a candidate for Sheriff or
anytaing else within the gift of the Demo
cratic party. I am satislied to be a
humble member of this General Commit
tee, which is the Democratic organization
ot San Francisco."
T. E. Treacy said that they represented
three-fourths of the Democratic voters.
He advised going slowly in the interest of
the whole party when a great issue was at
t-take, and spoke of the absolute necessity
of uniting the party.
"All we want," he said, "is a fair pri
mary under the auspices of a fair election
board, giving every good Democrat a
chance to cast his ballot and have it
counted once. If that can bo we will have
a solid Democracy."
Frank J. Failon and Walter J. Gallagher
also spoke and then an adjournment to
the call of the chair was taken.
A. J. Clunic was conspicuous at the
meeting, but by his absence.
STOPPED BY A BEAR.
Fearful Suspense of a Tourist
on a Mountain
Pass.
A Frightened Horse Almost Racked
Its Driver Over a Preci
pice.
Black and brown bear are sihpularly
numerous this year in the mountains east
and west of Cloverdale, and hunting par
ties are being organized for the purpose
of having a little sport in chasing sny and
artful bruin throueh the mountainous
districts where the "berry-hunters" nave
recently been seen.
Last week a gentleman named Wagner.
who was driving from Highland Sprinas
to Pietn, had a very narrow escape from
being mashed into smithereens all be
cause of the sudden and unexpected ap
pearance of a bear, which was evidently
on its journey toward the coast.
Mr. Wagner was fortunately driving a
very docile animal, to whose good be
havior he attributes his success in having
escarwd with his liie.
"I had just reached about half way be
tween the springs and Pieta," said Mr.
Wagner, "when suddenly the horse 1 was
driving stopped, then reared up on hi 3
hind feet and commenced to snort. To
put it mildly, I was in the deuce of a fix,
because where the trouble commenced the
road was narrow and over my left
shoulder I could easily look down 600
feet into a canyon which was awful to be
hold, ■with its treacherous-looking bowl
ders and jagged rocks which were pro
jecting from the side of the mountain.
"In an instant I concluded that my only
hope was to get the animal on the move
and I applied the whip briskly to his
Hanks, as I was apprehensive lest in case
lie continued to back the buggy would
certainly be forced off the roadbed, and in
that event horse, buggy and driver wouid
go down to perdition.
"You can rest assured that my heart
beat more freely when the horse, obedient
to the whip, started on a run down the
road, and it was at least a mile from the
spot where the trouble commenced when I
got him under subjugation. 1 could not
even surmise what on earth caused the
animal to act in such a strange manner
until I reached Pieta, when I was in
formed that the horse must have either
got the scent of a bear or had seen the ani
mal close at hand.
"On the following day some of the boys
who reside near Pieta got their hounds to
gether and started off at early morning on
a bear hunt. They found tue trail of' old
bruin, and his footprints were plainly dis
cernible on the dust of the road, and
within 100 yards of the spot where I had
such a very unpleasant and unlooked-for
experience.
"Old bruin had evidently made fast
tracks from that part of the country. He
probably was as frightened as the horse I
was driving, and did not remain over to
investigate the cause of the confusion he
had created by having put in such a very
unwelcome appearance. The hunters re
turned without having had an opportunity
of bagging big game. The trail was too
old and the dogs lost it after having fol
lowed it a mile or so in the direction of the
coa=t range."
A day or two after Mr. Wagner had such
a close call a sheep-herder drove into the
town of Cloverdale with a 500-pound black
bear which he had shot on a sheep range
about ten miles west of Cloverdale. The
brute was purchased by a butcher of
the town and shipped to this City. Pos
sibly it may have been the same shaggy
tramp which made matters so very un
pleasant for Mr. Wagner in his ride from
Highlond Springs to Pieta.
Kecord Smashed.
The dry-goods sale, or rather the slaughter, j
of the stock of James M. Moran & Co. at 1009 I
to 1015 Market street, has gathered together !
the biggest crowd of dry-goods purchasers \
that nas ever been seen at one dry-goods store j
since the big fire sale of O'Connor, Moffatt it ;
Co. Wnen you visit the store and look at the i
prices you do not wonder why the crowds are i
there, for it is the prices that has dnue th<^ ;
t.UMiiess. For twodays ithas taken fourstrong i
men to keep the surging cruwd from gmashing
the doors. • j
NEW TO-DAT-DHT GOODS. ._-^-^ -^-^ .
I JUNE CLEARANCE SALE. |
£ . 3
% Our entire stock of Summer Merchandise sacrificed at prices verging on the 3
[E brink of cost, and in hundreds of instances goods will ,be offered regardless of
SZ cost or value. , =^5
| THE GREATEST OPPORTUNITY OF THE SEASON. |
IE: JUNE CLEARING CLEARING SALE OF JUNE CLEARING
SALE OF nnn^Q QI^IDT^ SALE OP
| S DRESS GOODS. F0R D ?^ SS SKIRTS - MILLINERY. , |
I *?&&*XSSnSE&£?S\ Illlii!! i Jgj^^i^vX%JS£ i
ABOU? HALK r wh°a \'he td£&O%*S! ' " i<h \ line VdMrom fffiM I wT&^&ek the price whip for "good-
ZZ ties are sold for elsewhere. These pat- ', percaline; reduced from $5 50. , by „ .
g— terns measure from 7}^ to 8 yards. FOR $5 00 " ' ~^»
= *1 75 HANDSOME PATTERNS, reduced Skirt of Navy Serge or Fancy Cloth, tailor 50c Children's Untrimmed Shapes.... lsc
<£- to7sc. made and finished in fine style; reduced 50c Misses' Untrimmed Sailors lac
! $2 00 FANCY PATTERN'S, reduced to 1. j from $7 50. 35c Ludies' Untrimmed Shapes lac ;^
' •£" ,*2 75 CHOICE PATTERNS, reduced to ___ - o __ ' 50c Misses' Untrimmed bailors -»c
S^= $150 FOR $8.95. - 50c Ladies' Trimmed Sailors 25c
j •£: $3 50 ELEGANT PATTERNS, reduced to r ,i nek r.rocnie Silk Pkirt, lined throughout 75c Ladles' Trimmed Sailors ftOe
B¥* p^VLISH PATTERNS, reduced to -it,, fine Taffeta^ced from ? 15 00. *1 Ud W Inmmed^Uor, *
!|j 94 IIfMMER patterns, reduced to CLEARING SALE OF EAT REDUCTION 3
! B * 00 IMPORTED PATTERNS, reduced Ladies' of fine 3
•— to $2 75. L*clQlCS Or rlfNc :^
J^ $5 50 ENGLISH PATTERNS, reduced to—.,-..--^ _ . -«
E?^ofkench patterns, reduced to | Tailor=Made Dresses. TRIM/WED HATS. 3
■ % S lo^* l3 °° PATTERXS ' redUCed F Tpr s ef«; 0 S s,n Black or Navy Cheviot, Bgg anS Bo°&^SSSB \°o BjB l
: «p- wv TiiTQ TnT wT-™r>E« nrvivv new-style Blazer Jacket, handsomely trim- *12 50 and $15 .REDUCED to #7 50 _^
, j£_ SEE THISLOT BEFORE BLUING mcd - kin full five yards; reduced from
g^ EMEWHERB. $7 50 -
E; JUNE CLEARING FOR $7.50. CLEARING SALE ZS
«■— cai p ftp A Handsome Dress of Black or Navy Serge OP ■ • - -^5
«p~- Jrtuc " r or Fancy Mixed Suitings, box coat, largo vl .-/,»-,» k T^' -^
«>- oil ISC {<|| \r c. sleeves, full skirt ana lined throughout; I I I\l |-< I\J S ~^S,
SI OILIVO. i3!LK23. reduced from $10. L. l IX CilX *J. Z2
5^ 40c ALL-SILK SHANTUNG PONGEE, J pQR $12.50 and $15. 175 dozen LINEN TOWELS reduced to ZS
5= 50c re i'[A ( Ni)SOME C DRESDEN SILK, re- j The Most Stylish Tailor-made Gowns, com- 125 d^en' COTTON TOWELS reduced to %
fc- duced to 25c posed of the finest materials and finished r*Z: ,"i idoVen
S^ 60c PERSIAN ZEPHYR SILK, reduced i in first-class style; reduced from ?17 50 ! 3Oc CRE\M T\BLE LINEN reduced to "
i to 85c, and $20. 21 v * * d ' rS
| s[= $1 00 FRENCH STRIPED TAFFETA, re- 40c WHITE TABLE LINEN reduced to
Jfc: duced tosoc. fi CADfiun cai p OP 2(5c yard. ■ • v —<»
! 5= $100 C LOVELY DRESDEN BROCADE, CLEARING SALE OF 60c 2 BLE ACIiED TABLE LINEN reduced "3
* reduced to 09c. ■m in r~*Ci /"*/~\ A T*O to 4"c -^5
5= 85CALL-BLACKFIGUREDGROSGRAIN, iWlb^bb LUA 15. $1 25 NAPKINS, % size, reduced to 95c Z2
*■— reduced to (59c. _ ■ ... dozen ~^g
»Z- $125 DRESDEN TAFFETA, reduced to j Reefers, Sizes 2 to 14 Years. $i 50 NAPKINS, % size, reduced to
$150 DRESDEN TAFFETA, reduced to DEFERS worth 9 1 50, $2 and,^^ g X size, reduced to. 2
S^ $2 00 DRESDEN AND PERSIAN GROS REEFERS worth ?3, ¥3 50 and $4. *1 50 dozen. =S
J^r GRAIN, reduced to 9 1 25. REDUCED to $1 95. : r^g
Bs2 d°uc A ed U fi E 5 A o ND GROS GRAIN ' re - REEFERS worth •* 50 « f^SucfD' to $2 95 CLEARING SALE 3
~Z A CHARMING COLLECTION TO REEFERS worth $6 50, *2 50 and $8 " OF ZS
j£~ CHOOSE tROM. •* ' REDUCED to $4 95. SHEETS
JUNE CLEARING A Special Line of CHILDREN'R REEFERS, "
SHi»,^^7l l - rl *- 11^ sizes 4to 6 years, reduced from $1 50 to 95c. 10-4 HEMMED SHEETS.. 48c each ZS
g~ SALE OF 9-4 hemmed .SHEETS 44c each zzSL
fSZ it r a c ILJ r^r~\r^r%.c* 8-4 HEMMED SHEETS 41c each IS
S= WASH GOODS. CLEARING SALE OF |gx3G pillow ca5e5...... ....i0c each =-
12^c PRINTED OTTOMAN, reduced to - _«• j C;*,^ fflnpc s**3o PILLOW CASES*." "'."i ".l5c each 3
£= isc^rinted CREPONNE, reduced to Ladies V^apCS. . . — =-
«£- 7Uc. CAPES worth $1 50 and $1 75 -^
JE^: 20c PRINTED SATEEN, reduced to 10c. REDUCED to 95c. CLEARING SALE
•T" We SILK GINGHAM, reduced to 19c. c \PES worth *° 50 to »4 " #>i- ***-»■-••-» -^
35C FRENCH FIGURED MULL, reduced CAPES wortn *- 50 t0 *r EDDCED to $1 95. OF
£~ l. r l C "l>TMrrY, reduced to 10c. CAPES worth ?4 50 to $0 LININGS.
; 15c FANCY DOTTED MULL, reduced to REDUCED to $3 95. UllMll VJ .
»= 12 1 ./:. CAPES worth from $7 50 to $10 10c COTTON CANVAS, 36 inches wide, rS
»- 12'.,c PRETTY CHALLIE, reduced to REDUCED to $5 95. reduced to T.C. ■ -3
S^ ""'• • PAPF=S worth from «1" to <R15 >: 25c FANCY BLACK SILESIA reduced
21 25c Trench ORGANDIE, reduced to CAPES worth from 13 %$ rSrim-n to „_ _. I to 15c. -^
15c. RLDLCED to $9 yo. , 40c FIBRE HAIRCLOTH reduced to 25c. T2+
<»- 12Uc PERCALE, yard wide, reduced to CAPES worth from $16 50 to $25 j 12^c EXTRA QUALITY SILESIA re- "-•
%£: 10c. " REDUCED to $13 95. 1 duced to BJ^c. Z^
%~ 1 ~£
| 40 rPRQP™ Q*#ft& HOJXC/?^ ' I
WE MUST HAVE
THE CONVENTION,
Christian Endeavorers Are
Working to Secure
the Pledge.
THEIR DEMANDS MODEST
Only Twenty-Five Thousand
Dollars Guarantee Is
Required.
BUSINESS MEN CC-OPEKATE.
Prominent Citizens Give Substantial
Encouragement to the Im
provement.
The work of preparing for the Inter
national Christian Endeavor Convention,
which is expected here in 1*97, is now as
suming definite proportions. The com
mittee in charge states that it expects ai
least 15,000 people to attend, and it esti
mates the minimum amount of money to
be expended in the community by them
at $300,000.
The committee Is now actively canvass
ing for funds to suitably entertain the
delegates. All preliminary expenses are
being paid by the Endeavor societies, and
money now subscribed will be used only
for convention purposes. No cash is re
quired at present. Subscriptions may be
left with The Call and due credit will be
given. Up to date the subscriptions re
ceived are as follows :
Market-street Hallway ''. $2300
San Francisco Examiner 1000
Sharon Kstate Company for Palace and 3
Grand hotels 3000
Ilnphael Welll & Co '-'BO
O'Connor & Moffatt 250
J. J. O'Brien A Co 860
; Tillraann<fe 8ende1....; ;. 2. r >o
W. & J. Sloane A; Co ..:. 260
i Call torn Furniture Company 250
Neustadter Bros — . 250
Murphy, l rant & Co 250
George C. throve & Co 250
Brandensteln <fc Co .'...; 250
Miller <fc Lux...... ,250
To this should be added: ;
Guarantee Fund of the San Francisco ! '.
Christian Knaeuvor Societies 5000
Guarantee Fund of Alnmerta County !
Christian Endeavor 50cietie5............ 2500
Total to date *14,750
Resolutions have been passed 'by the
Merchants' Association heartily indorsing
the project to hold the convention in this
j City. The resolutions recite the manifest
I benefits to be derived from such a gather
! ing and call upon the business and pro
| fessional men of the City to assist effect-
I ually those who are working to bring the
; convention here.
The committee having the enterprise in
hand have issued a circular letter to the
i business men nnd' citizens of the City.
J This letter sets forth : the history of the
I movement and shows by comparison 10 ■
amounts demanded by less numerous or
ganizations the modesty of their request.
All the pledge they require is $25,000, or
one-fourth of the amount so readily se
cured for the prospective Republican con
vention. It is stated in conclusion that
\V. 11. Crocker, president of the Crocker-
Woohvorth Bank, has consented to act as
treasurer, so subscribers can rest assured
that every dollar subscribed will be prop
erly vouched for.
In answer to this letter Hueh Craig,
president of Ihe Chamber of Commerce,
has written to the committee, assuring
them of the support of the body which he
represents. "
TO MAKE COTTON GOODS
Shanghai Will Crush Out India's Com
petition and 3lay Threaten This
Country.
There is a great industrial and manu
facturing revival in Shanghai since the
I China-Japanese war, says George W.
Noell, who for the last twenty-one years
has been a constant resident at thut Ori
ental seaport, and who is a well-to-do
commission merchant and broker among
the foreign residents there.
Five new cotton-goods factories are be
ing erected. They will be in full opera
tion before the end of the year.
Large quantities of cotton are grown by
the Chinese in the country inland from
the port, so that there will be home pro
duction and manufacture and a large home
consumption of the output of the mills.
This will tend, said Mr. Noell yesterday
at the Palace, to decrease and almost to
supplant the goods formerly imported
from India.
Already there are 150,000 spindles in op
eration, and when the new factories shall
have been completed 200.000 more will be
at work turning out cotton fabrics.
Women and children are and will be the
I principal employes, as the work of tending
j the frames is ::ot complicated or particu
! lady ditiicult. They work for about a
! cent and a half a day, gold value, and that
is cheaper than the wages the coolie
receives.
In addition to the great impetus that
I has been given to the manufacture of cot
ton, the silk-spinning business has also
' taken on new life. Fourteen or fifteen
I silk filatures are in the process of con
j struction. In them silk will be spun from
j the cocoon and prepared for the weaver
i and manufacturer of silk goods.
Mr. Noell arrived from i 1 c Orient on the
• Coptic and ia bound for England, where
i he proposes to inßkeavisit to his old
home after an absence of a lifetime in
! China. He will resume his journey to
| morrow, when he will start for New York.
Shanghai is a city not so large as San
; Francisco by perhaps 30,000, and the white
population, including women and chil
i dren, is about 4300. Three journals are
1 published, two evening and one morning.
J The morning paper, the North China
Daily News, has been in the field for ov*>r
| forty years, is the official organ, and is too
! well established for any would-be rival to
attempt to compete with it.
From what Mr. Noell has learned during
his long experience in bnanghai, this is
the greatest boom that has ever struck tho
j place. As to its ultimate effect upon tlio
I manufactories of the United States he
j cannot predict.
Sullivan & Sullivan.
Ex-Judge J. F. Sullivan and Matt I. Sullivan
have removed their law offices to Parrott
Building, 825-855 Market street. Entrance
room till), sixth floor, Market-street front. •
Group of Hhiskytoxen Mine* Sold.
REDDING, Cal., June 23.— An import
ant mining sale took place to-day. The
group of mines known as the Murray and
Hull property, locjated in Whisiiyton dis
trict, about fourteen miles from Reddiner,
and consisting of the Rising Star, Morning
Star, Milton, GoMen Eagle and Buck
claim?, were sold to a wealthy syndicate
for $15,000. A large new stamp mill will
be erected and the mines extensively de
veloped.
PATRIOTISM AND RELIGION
A Los Angelea Oivine With Somewhat
Contracted Vietea.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., June 23.— Rey. F.
J. Finley, pastor of the Bellevue-avenne
Methodist Church, does not think that
patriotism and religion go well together.
Borne time aeo the Fourth of July com
mittee addressed a circular letter to all the
members of the pastors of the city request
ing them to deliver a patriotic sermon and
display the National colors in their pul
pits the Sunday before the National cele
bration. Rev. Mr. Finley has replied that
he does not think that the Sabbath or the
church of God should be desecrated by be
ing made a Fourth of July celebration or
gan, nnd he declines to preach the sermon
or allow the pulpit to be draped with the
flag. He deems tba latter sacreligious, too.
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St., San Francisco.
: rpilE READING COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
| -i west of Chicago. BooKkeeping, penmanship,
, business practice, shorthand (Pitman, Urnham,
! Eclectic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
guages, £.n«liBb branches and everything pertain-
: ing to a business education rapidly taught.
Department of Electrical Kuglnecrin ; In success-
| ful operation.
Individual Instruction. 20 teachers. Night Ms-
I sions in all departments, students can com-
mence at anytime. Thousands of graduates In
positions. Write for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
A HUSH 1 .,) 1858. 623 ELEVENTH ST ,
,i.J cor. Clay. Mrs. M. K. Blake, Principal; T. D.
Adams, A.M.. master; Mary K. Allen. A.8.. pre-
ci>p.rt>N.t. Bmi of accommodations for boarding or
iiuy pupils, Includes from kindergarten to uni-
versity work. None but teachers of large culture
mm <\p.>rl<Mi<<\ iSpfdal attention to Art. Music
Oratorio*! Work, Physical Culture and Deport-
mem. A »nr.- mil pleasant home schooL ■•
THE LYCEUn.
I>UISPAUATOnY SCHOOL FOX THE -UNI-
I vrriiiv. Law mul Medical Colleges. Admission
onrtfioaamsndaUon. Many student* nave been
Nucct>»nfully prepared at this school. Day mil
evening sessions. References, .President Jordan
or any Stanford professor, l'helan building, Nos.
:u:i;i:t.V pkok. l. h. IiHAU, Principal, late of
Stanford University.
TRINITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876).
E;OAKDINO.AND DAY SCHOOL FOX BOYS
' and young men. Prepares for university and
collece. Boarders limited to 85. Accredited
school with the universities. Easier term opens
Monday, August 8.
REV. DR. E. B. SPAIiDI>'«. Kector.
| Massachusetts . Institute of Technology.
| "EXAMINATIONS Foil ENTRANCE TOMASS.
-LJ Institute of Technology will be held at Bel-
mont school, Belmont, Cul., beginning June •_'.'». at
9a. M . or particulars address W. T. UEID,
Head Master.KRUTTSCHNITT ON
FERRY RATES.
Answers a Communication
of the Railroad Com
mission.
PARTIALITY DISAVOWED
Comparison Drawn Between the
Regular and Creek Route
Service.
DEFIANT STREETCAR LINES.
Market Street and Other Companies
Refuse to Acknowledge the Board's
Jurisdiction.
Ju'ius Kruttschnitt, general manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, and
Andrew J. Clunie, are not agreed on the
question of ferry rates between San Fran
cisco and Oakland.
At the last meeting of the Railroad Com
mission Cluuie filed a complaint charging
discrimination on the part of the railroad
corporation in that but 5 cents was charged
per passenger let ween San Francisco and
Oakland on the creek route, while 10 cents
was collected over the regular ferry lines.
He asked that the matter be investigated
and a remedy applied, if his charges
proved true.
At this meeting the matter was referred
to the Southern Pacific Company for an
explanation, and a copy of Glume's com
plaint was forwarded to General Manager
Kruttschnitt. The latter's reply to the
commission follows:
1 am in receipt of a communication from
your Honorable body inclosing copy of letter
addressed to you by one Andrew J. Clunle,
■wherein be recites the provisions 01 Section
21 of Article Xll of tlie constitution of this
btate, claiming that because this company is
encaged in ruunlng a ferry-boat irora the
water front of San Kranciscj to the toot of
Broadway, in Oakland, by the so-culled creek ,
route, at a fare 01 5 cents* per passenger, while
on the route comprising .bcuh ferry and rail
service from San Francisco, via Seventh street
to Broadway, Oakland, the fare charged is 10
cents, said constitutional provisions are there
fore violated.
An examination of the facts stated by the
complainant establisues the fallacy of his con
clusions.
The lines in question, although operated by
the me company, are entirely separate and
distinct by different routes, between different
termini and the transportation is under
different circumstances tu:d conditions. It is
not alleged, nor is it true, that any discrimin
ation whatever is made between persons in the .
us;' of these several routes, nor can there be
any discrimination between places. Both
routes are equally open to any one who chooses
to use either, ami both run between the city of
Oakland and the City of San Francisco.
The service via Scventn street, Oakland, to
Broadway is an expensive one, involving the
use o: s'.eain railroad trains, running into and
upon a costly de;«ot, mole and tracks, whil»
the accommodation given to the passenger is
far superior to any that is possible by the i
creek route, enabling him to stop ill anyone '
of half a dozen stations between the western
limits of Oakland and the station at Seventn
street t'nd Broad ivay. As -to "The reason
ableness of the targe of 10 cents for such a
service, there has been and can be no question.
Even the complainant does not venture the as
sertion that biich a charge is unreasonably
high. Tee creek route Is comparatively
cheap of operation. All it requires is the use
of one ferry-boat, making its Landings and re
ceiving and delivering its passengers at the ■
wharves at the fo:>t of Broadway, Oakland,
end on the water iron! of San Francisco.
It is primarily intended for the use oi teams,
thus avoiding the danger of driving down the
long mole alongside o: moving trains, and
also eventing the overcrowding o: the boats
upon the railroad route by teams, to the in
convenience of the large number of passen
gers transported thereon. Incidentally, pas
sengers are taken on the creek bouts at the low
rate of five cents, but few care to avail them
selves of such transportation. If a passenger
desired to ro via that route to Seventh street
and Broadway, he would be compelled either
to walk seven blocks after arriving at the
whan at the foot of Broadway, or to take a
streetcar, paying therefor the additional fare
of five cents, and if he desired to go to any of
the other stations between Broadway and the
western boundary of the city, be would be sub
ject to lust so much the mote additional
trouble and expense. There is no discrimina
tion at all and the prohibition of the constitu
tion against charging a greater rate for a
shorter distance than for a longer one mani
festly applies to points upon the same route of
transportation, and not to parallel, but sepa
rate routes, over which a passenger has the
unrestricted option to travel, according as he
desire? the greater or less accommodations pro
vided by either.
Several replies have been received by
the commission to the communications
sent to all the street railroads in the State
reque.-ting them to make a report to the
commission of their operations for the
pant year. That from the Market-street
Railway Company, signed by Secretary J.
H. Willcutt, is an follows:
I have the honor In behalf of the Market-
Etreet Railway Company to acknowledge re
ceipt of a communication from your secretary
enclosing copy of an order purporiing to be
made by your honorable board on ihe 14th
day oi April, 1896, relative to the street rail
ways, and requesting certain information
d In such letter.
The Market-3treet Railway Company is ad
i>v its counsel that street railways are not
within the jurisdiction oi the Board of Rail
ommissioners of the H'atc; of California,
i'.t such board is not entitled to demand
or receive the information Bought to be ob
tained by the order above referred to. The Mar
ket-street Railroad Company therefore respect
fully declines to furnish such information.
Similar replies came from the Geary
street, Sutter-street and the Oakland street
railroad companies.
From K. H. Wade of the California
Southern Railway Company the following
self-explanatory letter was received:
Answering yours of the 4th in resrard to
abandonment" of portion of our line through
Temecula Canyon, would say we are not pre
. r future intentions in regard
ids very much upon cir
cumstances and business conditions of the
. lately been taking np
of the scattered material which was going to
to be utilised elsewhere.
D nee (ion I beg to state that we «re
demonstrate that we have fulfilled
nation, both legal and moral, thai
, ie i",ave ever incurred In refrard to main
tenance and operation of this line. There is
no station bo the Old line but what is now
reached by trains in every-day service, an-i no
g inflicted or worked uiwn
any natron of the rond by reason of the line
red between Ranchita and Tc-
_____
CITY GUARD BANQUET
AwDivcrsary of California'! Oide«t Mili
tia Company.
The City Quid Olttb celebrated its
forty-second anniversary Monday evening.
The celebration took the form of a ban
quet, served at the company's armery at
1327 Market street. Prominent among
the old members of the club was Corporal
Louis It. Townsend, who enjoys the dii
tinction of being the oldest member of the
National Guard of California. Corporal
Townsend was literally covered with
medals which he baa won In the service.
An elaborate menu was serve*'., inter
spersed with ■elections by the Press Club
aunrtet anrt solos by 0. H. Seeley, William
O'Brien Pan Warde, 11. Sullivan. Frank
lorhn, Fleicher Tilclen. George Mills and
Harry Tn-tin.
Colonel Bun lick acted as toastmaster,
and prominent members of Company B,
both active and retired, made brief im
promptu speeches. i>uiing the evening,
Captain Filmer, the youngest captain in
♦tie National Guard and one of the most
popular, was presented a portrait and a
handsome military overcoat.
The captain in" turn on behalf of the
company presented J. E. Wear with a
company badge for special service ren
dered the company. For faithful services,
extending over a period oi ten years.
Quartermaster A. H. Clifford was pre
sented witn a gold watch and chain.
-Among the honored guests of the occasion
were: Robert Shankiand, L. It. Townsend
and Colonel G. W- Grannis, charier mem
bers of the company; General Walter
Turnbull, Colonel Little, Colonel Chalmer
Scott, Jurt^e Hebbard. Colonel Dickinson,
Colonel Hosmer, Major F. S. Patt of Sin
Jose, Lieutenants Sturtevant and Uaniiu.
ROYAL ARCANUM DAY.
Argonaut Council Celebrates It With a
1-iiip l'rograimner
Argonaut Council No. 597 observed the
nineteenth annual Arcanum day by a
literary and musical programme, a ball
and a banquet last night in Laurel Hall
at 32 O'Farrell street. This was the pro
gramme:
Overture, orchastra; welcome by the Regent
of the Council, Bro. J. B. Whitney; piano solo,
"Melodic op. S No. 3" (Paderewbkl), Bliss < .
Belle Erisien; song (selected), Mrs. ' A. < lover;
"Quarrel Scene From Julius ('resar"--Brutus,
Mr. Head; Cassias, Mr. MiCullough; soprano
solo (selected), Mrs. <i. T. Libny; address, "The
Royal Arcanum," Bro. E. E. Kwinf.\past grand
regent of Ouio; song, -'Alpine Rover," Miss
Hay T. Hilson; male cjuartet, "The Dolphins,"
first tenor Mr. Braid, second Tenor Mr. Martin,
tirst bass Mr. Sayles, second bass Mr. Bstts;
I musical specialties, Mr. R. Walsh aud Miss A.
Ugon.
The song of Miss Ray T. Hilson was
particularly charming. In addition to a
very large and beautiful bouquet, she re
ceived tin encore, to which she responded.
Miss Hilson has a clear, lull, ringing and
expressive soprano voice.
WILLIAMS IS DISMISSED.
Official Head of Collector Wise':
Favorite Is Suddenly
Lopped Off.
Inspector Mike Cleary and Louie Quong
Also Scheduled for Permanent
Retirement.
Richard, better known as Dick, Williams,
has been summarily dismissed from the
service of the Chinese bureau where he
served as interpreter for several years
prior to his second indictment on sundry
serious charsres.
The official decapitation of Williams
adds another scalp to the string which
now adorns the belt of Special Agent
Moore and in a measure disposes of the
famous Custom-house scandal. The only
thing remaining is the criminal prosecu
tion against the inspector which is now
pending in the United States District
Court. From present indications, how
ever, it would seem that Williams is likely
to fare badly, though he expresses hiru
self as confident of acquittal.
Tbe dismissal of Wise's right hand
bower is considered in official circles as a
great victory over the Collector for the
special agent. When the charges against
the inspector were first brought to the at
tention of Collector Wise by Moore the
former refused to believe that the allega
tions were true, and declared that there
was a mistake somewhere. On the other
band Moore was no less positive that his
information was correct. The result Mas
a uecided coolness between the two otli
sials, and many sensational reports were
published as a consequence.
The principal point in the affair was the
Interest manifested by Wise for the sus
pected and indicted inspector. Now that
the Secretary has approved the course
adopU'fl by Major Moore, the Collector
feels a bit chagrined. Williams was first
ordered suspended April IC>, but when
Secretary Car; isle had carefully perused
the evidence offered on both sides he de
ciued that dismissal was the proper thing,
and ordered the same, to take eifect irom
the dnte mentioned.
Williams says that he has no official
notice of his dismissal from the service.
"I will say. however, that, whether I am
acquitted or not of the charges now pend
ine in the District Court," said the ex-in
terpreter yesterday, "I will not again enter
the service. There is nothing in it. In
fact, I am tired of the whole thing, and ex
pect to retire as soon as I am acquitted."
Another dismissal that may shortly be
expected is that of Louie Quong, the inter
preter of the Chinese bureau, who is at the
present time also under™uspension. Even
though the Mongol has been temporarily
relieved from duty, he still visits each in
coming steamer, a fact that is considered
most peculiar. Upon good authority it is
said that Louie will be indicted by the
next (irand Jury, which meets in July.
Mike Cleary is also said to be slated for
private lile. Some days ago he was re
tired temporarily because of an assault on
Charles Favor, indicted for personating a
revenue officer. Cleary is supposed to
have been implicated in the fraud, and
whfn Favor was released on bail tne in
spector threatened his life with a pistol.
When the casa was called in the Police
Court Favor failed to appear, and the
charsres were dismissed.
Collector Wise gave it out that Cleary
been fully exonerated and would be at
once assigned to duty. It now develops
that tLe Collector either Duilded wiser
than he knew or else sought an easy
method of letting the inspector down.
Cleary is booked for dismissal, and his
companion Williams has already been
relegated to private life. For the present
Moore triumphs, and Wise sucks his
thumb in silence.
It is given out incidentally from the Col
lector's oitice that the policy of the Gov
ernment is toward retrenchment. Wil
liams' dismissal is purely a monetary
affair they say.
RIGHT OF WAY OPEN.
The Valley Road Han No More Litiga
tion in Prospect This Side of
t 'rrsno.
All obstruction to the rapid construction
of the Valley road through to Fiesno has
been reruoved. The last condemnation
suit was disposed of in Madera yesterday
and .railing and track-laying over the
recently disputed land will shortly becin.
Grading has been aimost completed to
within two miles of the San Joaquin
River. The bridae over the latter is ex
pected to be ready for tracks by the end of
July, and Fresno will probably be reached
by the middle of August.
Tracks have been laid for twelve miles
south of Merced, t tins leaving about
fourteen miles of grading and about forty
five miles of track-laying to be done.
The tracts of land which have been in
litigation in order to obtain right of way
extend for four miles, and it will require
about a week to grade this. Track-laying
v.ill then proceed at the rate of one and a
half to two miles a day.
NEW TO-DAY.
L Cheapest, Because the Best h
■f GAILBORDEN 5
3 EAGLE BRAND I
4 CONDENSED MILK L
i\ Rend for that little book, "Infant A
V Health;" great value to mothers. Sent m
Cfree. N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. A
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. $
h 71 End-on Street, Hew York C
THE SAX FKAJSUI»UU UA_L_l_, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
-^.~ NETT TO-DAY DRY GOODS. j
COLORED DRESS GOODS! We continue the most successful and, from a buyers' standpoint, the CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
~ "~ most marvelous Bargain Sale ever inaugurated, with STILL DEEPER AND i
iwn ■r M vfvr 2 HAT 5 ! Iwool1 wool dress ORE SEARCHING CUTS IN PRICES throughout the remainder of our , , ADIES . siNGLK A S cAPKs, of ladies-
JwDsfincbeTront^ourSesj SJSs j ENORMOUS OVERSTOCK OFFSPRING AND SUMMER DRY GOODS and! ff^WSfflVStSft Eo^m & *£&
r^iceTt^'ri-anJ 0 '" 1 " price 5 ° I CLOAKS, and in inviting every one to call early this week and participate | out * * l7s each -
aVbs cents. in the WONDROUS MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY afforded we pre-|, ADIE , tAPW Ji $5.00. f - , M
At •'JO C>entS. i , "^ I.ADIEb JACKLIP, made of fine cloakinz,
51 pieces 50-inch all-wool plain | sent a variety of items to illustrate the \ & n d e^V£r^'<w Il 'iff»nd t fSr«m^
AND MIXED LADIES' CLOTH, for- 1 . | J.^dout'at *5 cwh
merori Tso™ 350a >ard ' Merely Nominal Prices Prevailing! ! a.. .«o.
At n»» Cents. J & I LADIES' SUITS, consisting of double jacket
52 pieces 51-INCH FINK ALL-WOOL j . : I : , < am! lined skirt, in blacK and navy cheviot,
FRENCH SURAH SERGE, newest I : ' : worth $7 50, reduced to $5 eacn.
=|^. s »st| MUSLIN UNDERWEAR ! MEN'S UNDERWEAR ! EMBROIDERIES! iJZ^kT^
i. - n /-'-..-.«• ; SKIRTS, all lined, linished with bias vel-
At OU UIIIS. o _ _ At 25 Cents. ..,,,, „ , _ r , veteen, worth $4 50, will be offered at
91 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL CLAY AX ~ D enti " 105 do - en FANCY SILK-FINISHED At 7M Cents a Yard. .*•_> 45 each.
WORSTED NAVY STORM SERGE, ! 100 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISES, NON^SHRINKING TWO-THREAD 486 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY;
former price 75c, reduced tosoc a yard. : . made of heavy muslin yoke edged BALBRIGGAN UNDERSHIRTS AND | regular price 12)^c; reduced to 7Hc per J -,_.__,_ , _ T , , TTrTirn «iT n 1
i with lace, will be closed out at 25c DRAWERS, regular price $1 60 a suit, y ard - IQDUPTAT BT A WFUT QAT TJ I
eUCh - At 50 CenN will be closed out at 25c each garment. j At 10 Cents i Yard ; IjlEUlilL Jjjj JLi ll JV JJ I UllLtj.
i At ou Cents. »a. —r\ f i . v-.cjii3 it i t ii v.
BUCK TYnPflfl (rOOnS 1 100 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of 75 dozen AURTRAT T4N I A # MB'=s WOOL 4 ° 9 ~IX Srf^ B S?rJ5I.???J D iS, RY; We have ..till remalnln B about 750
Xi I nhSK T X' heavy muslin, yoke of embroidery, will ' Suxi)ERSHIRTS5 uxi)ERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS yard palr9 flne Whlte 151ttnk - t '' «»« h «r »""
JJJjIIUA UHLIJIJ UUUIJIJ. bo closed out at 50c each. medium weight regularly sold ats2») ' V perfect, bought from the mills at a
ll o^T . i t 9= r^» a SQit . Will'be Closed Out at 50c each At 12J_ Cents a Yard. | nominal price, and offered on the same
At 35 Cents. At JO Cents. garment 312 pieces CAMBRIC FMBPOIDERY- ' bilsU - 'i his week we mako still further
27 rirce? 38-INCH SUPERIOR LUSTER 50 dozen LADIES' CORSET COVERS. OUTING SSmTS- tSalir Price reduced to 12 c pec (»-««^«M ■"*• »«»»>"K" "•■sea ( .on-
ENGLISH FIGURED ALPACA, for- perfect lit, V-shape, edged with em- OUTING S_E__X__=_.TS . }. ar d ' ' 2 P able, fe«i that the purchasing public
mer price GO,, will be sold at 33c a yard. broidery, will be closed out at _3c each. dQzen .^t 5O Cents. C£nts & will appreciate the^lue,.
_ 95 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' CHEVIOT, j 15 Cents a Yard
At 50 Cents. J At 25 Cents. madras and . rip-'Nis flannel 313 pieces CAMBRIC embroidery: ; ! good white blankets. 10-4 SIZE.. *, r A
25 pieces 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL !50 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of ?S™& R *_L£Jl?2l^s£f_Jts. regular price 25c; reduced to 15c per jlightlT mixed with cotton, valncJ .^1,51)
ENGLISH SERGE former price 75c, heavy muslin, yoke- band, finished dark colors regularly sold at 75c each, 6 rd> v for .-p2 2d pair, on sale at ) v
will be sold at 50c a yard. I with' tucks and embroidery, will be will be closed out at
At so cents. clo * ed out at * eag "- HfMEDVI nfIOTUDV ! ; BET JF t ß^ D^^ n T^ BT s £ K Si $2.85
65 pieces F.n" ALL-WOOL FRENCH; At£O.Q»£L. . ,fi liUbMl liUoMl ! HRBQM BUfflnNl ' ™'" ror^, on sal^at !>
AND ENGLISH NOVELTIES, former 50 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, yoke of fine — — UIIIjOJJ IllJjJjUllU '
prices 75c and 85c, will be closed out tucks, lined back, good muslin, will At 25 Cents a Pair. A»xiuui»jJll_lllJJiiUllU . VERY F X WHITE blankets,^ *. _,_
at 50c a yard. be closed out at 50c each. 115 dozen CHILDREN^ BLACK FRENCH ; At 20 Cents. ( K^a^il&vS|>*!??
LISLE-THREAD HOSE double 3-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIB- value for *6 , o^saue at >
tnees, heels and toes, sizes o\ to BM, RONS assortoil rninra vhlup rw- _rilt
SIR HFPAffIFNT 1 LADIES KID GLOVES! aplir _t **<__*_*__.. At 25 ce,,,, aK&w^-sswi
IJIJLJiV. JLJi-ll illl 1 111 JLlll 1 • I 125 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED 3>_-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIB- '1O .„,„-.-. WHITF 1U . v .., FT a finp .
At 55 Cents. BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, I SONS, in elegant design., value 45c, VustnUiar , "001. a beautliui'arti-} $0 50
At 35 Cents a Yard. i 1500 pairs S-BUTTON LENGTH MOTTS- double knees, heels and toes, Herms- will be closed out at _. r a yard. cle, value for^S 50; on sale at... .) f V * JV
->000 vard«FVNCY T\FFETA SILK for- 1 QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID dorf black, regular value 35c and 40c, j ,
300 Upr «rirP ?sc,\Tlf be closed out at 35c GLOVES, in tan shades, regular value reduced to 25c a pair, all sizes. At 30 Cents. .M t no pairs LARGE SIZE PURE WOOL, A , ft
mer price 1 oc, « ill be closed out at ** , $1, will be closed out at 55c a pair. At 15 Cents a Pair. SCINCH DRESDEN RIBBONS, all silk, willi'E CRIB BLANKETS, mill $0 50
y ' kt «- ~. 150 dozen LADIES' BLACK EGYPTIAN handsome patterns, value 50c, will be cost $3 15 pair; on sale at -""-' P
At 50 Cents a Yard. _ . .iISS.SK?S:r A «-. « , COTTON HOSE. high-spliced, heels closed out at Ate a yard. &£%&&;
ooonvarda FANCY BENG INF SILK 120 ° Pairs4-ÜbTTON KID GLOVES, black and toes onyx fast black, regular price I 150 pairs 11-4 HEAVY GRAY BLANK-) d'j »C
JOOOjards rAM\ ai.i.m. embroidered back, in white, regular 25c, reduced^ lie a pain ° • El* value for *2 pair; on sale at. ) •>!• J«>
in brown. _reen be closed out at a vaiueß will h« offered at 6dc a pair. _oc, At 25 Cents a Pair. nADDTAfI! T) AD AOflT 0 f oMW FXTRA cra^eTive WOOL, *
price?! CO, will be closed out at 50c a value $1. wU Ibe offered at 65c a pair. At 25 Cents a Pair. P A DDT AP L? DUDAOfITC! * «™, fktra CRa^Tfine wool* *
y«d. At SO Cents. 175 dozen LADIES' FINE MACO COTTON hAKlllAllß IA X AoULo ' <^ffl__^tt__SSlpM?lS $3 00
it 7; f.nk -. Yird ■ 1000 pairs 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK- HOSE, high, spliced heels, double UlllllllUU_J__lillUlUUJJU . , $4 2 5 pair; ou sale at >pw.vv
At /,-. vA.ui* ct xrtiu. j 1N( . CLOVES, embroidered back, in soles and toes, plain and Richelieu *t $100 ' •
1500 yards FIGURED SATIN AND TAF- tan, brown, reel and navy, also black, ribbed, in black and assorted, tan T>T>T v* T " . , . .„ £»- see "Examiner" and "Chronicle"
FETA SILK, former price $125, will regular value $1 25, will be closed out shades*, reeular price $4 20 a dozen, re- CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria silk, \ fo tTi>ccial sales of Linens and Wash-
be closed out, at 75c a yard. .. at SOc a pair. duced to 25c a pair. lined, will be closed out at $1 each. j goods.
':. • ■ I  1 . ,
I
Igi/ Murphy Euilding, J leif Murphy Building, ./ mi/ Murphy Building, Jf mif Murphy Building, j Lfis Murphy Building, /
M^rVof onrl Tnnpe Qfppofc" MppVpf Jinfl Tnnp<! \frppf<! MprVpf Jinfl Tnn c^ MfirlfPt jiTl ft TfiUP^ SstrPPt^! MarVot and Tnnp? Qfpppf^
irldi xLul dull JUlluo OliDoli. lflcll JLuL dllll uUllu- OllGuli. luatiGl dlltl JUlluo Olioui_. iUQiiLCI ailu uUlluo Olluulo. JllalLul dull uuilu_ ijlluul_.
STATEMENT STATEMI£IMT STATEMENT STATEMENT | UNITED states branch.
• OF THE ■ OF THE OF THE uF THE - STATEMENT
■ _m_ II Kjw □W ■ __■■ 4 W m
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS OF THE
OFTIIK —OF THE— OF TUB OF THE CONDITION. AND AFFAIRS
Bavarian Lloyd Marine TRADERS' FRANKFORT ! FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT nrIIDH - nuiflD
insurance company insurance company, Marine Accident anfl Plate Glass company ..AAOUhNAfI'DffIUMItU
-„,.,.,.,.,.. ,........, nvTHFIISTDAY i CHICAGO. IN. THE STATE OF ILLINOIS. • AP BALTIMORE, IN THE STATE OF MARY- rinr IiIOHD L UOl miinHHU
1 ofnSr / n *^qs md for the yew Uon the 31st day of Oecember, A. D. 1895, and IMOIIDnMOC PfIMOAMV U land, on the 31st day of December. A. D. 1895, "iht ifl6LlHHNllt bUMrANI
A,mßd^?oth? Insnra-ce Com- 'or the year ending on that day, as made to the INSURANCE COMPANY, n " d for the year ending on that day, as made to I™,™ 1 UUlllinill .
w ?.fm.r o^ r>£ s'tnfJ "o ?('^lfornl^ nur^an°TJ Insurance Commissioner of ttio State ot Callfor- IHWWIiniIWIi WUniinill, the Insurance Commissioner of -the State of Call- ■ , ■ T _ _„,„„
roissionerof the fetae of Calfo^rnia, pursiantto r)IH , pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and -^p FnANKFORT-ON-THF-M\IN GER- fonia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 ()?. AIX-LA-CHAPRLLt:, GERMANY, ON
C\PITAI.. CAPITAL. made to the Insurance Commissioner of the state CAPITAL. . pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in ! Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in ; &D.610 _£_ 61 iTf'ihe Kfca^f c^nSiS | Amount of Capita, Stock, paid up In ; "L^a'bvTheComml^ioner 8^ "P " b ' aak ""'
(_,L :....y250,000 00 | Cash.. $500,000 00 ag per blank furnished by the Commissioner. Cash $750,000 00 nisneu oj the commissioner.
— : r ASSETS
ASSETS. ,_ ft . -^SKTS. «„„.„ „_ CAPITAL. ASSETS. Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Beal Estate owned by Company $120,916 45 £Sif^T_2,_d^S_ MortSK 228 »W 00 i .Amonnt of Capltnl Stock, ald U P« rnnnll Real Estate owned by Company.... $375,532 57 ! o iJonds owned by Company $599,600 00
Loans on Bond and Mortgage _5O 00 a I 8 M ° a n r k el Value of all Aocksand 3 5 50 00 | in cash ■$ 312,500 00 ash Market Vr.lne of all Stocks and Cash in 8ank5..... .„„ 19.116 43
Cash Market Value of all blocks and ! Bomls owiien b Con d-u v 1 818 319 55 i Bonds owned by Company 698,255 00 . Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Bonds owned by Company 138.170 51 Aln oant of I securS l^bv plod'ge I*W*B*91 * W * 8 * 9 M ASSETS. Cash in Company's Office 5.190 &1 tion 39.708 87
Cash in Company s o ."^-.v:.::-.v:.::v. 1.15'J 00 : , „  sto.L-< ■mil nthfrmir 47,00 00 **»•««*<»*«*<»>»»'*. „„,„.„ gSMS^^«;^r£y*£ 92,450 00 ; .t^^i.
Cashia Banks... 70,607 48 £-525 sV^SrHIW IS ooUaMnO? 47^00 00 Ke«» «*»tate ownwioy company f^ISSSS Premiums in due Course of Collec- Totalassets $658,325 80
luterestdue and accrued on all Stocks r.,f/n(lmmnv' Offlcc i' m ?,5 Loans on bond and mortgage... 604,325 00 , ion 48,342 30: : :
and Loans 2,258 42 2 n m, B ! ]_» S market value of a. stocks and .„,„„. . LIABILITIES.
Premiums in due Course of Collec- TntJr«_t a__T_,_d" a__nMd"o_"aii 7 - 351 85 bonds ownod by company 135,141 35 | Total assets. $1,419,776 38 Lowes Adjusted and Cnnaid ': $337 71
BU^eivaV^orMatnreirtaken 3 " ' £Sd^£u^n^n^s WM M ESS2SL_HS_S_SS 675 00 I "ABILITIES. ~ ""SE^^^SBtt
for. ire and Marine Ki.ks 22.812 « 2 and MortiracP , 3,929 97 c^^^ffi&g?^;;;;: 6.522 00 I Losses In process of Adjustment or ' . reinsurance 50 per rent 44,290 38
To . alaH , pta 8724 508 17 ' Premiums in due Course of Collec- mn , Kn ,_! Cash in banks... 128,047 44 in Suspense $22,229 45 Gross premiums o.i tire Risks run-
To.alaßsets *Zf 18.g°2.1l B .g° 2.1 tion - 62,453 43 i lnlorPBt due at d accrued on all Gross premiums on Risks running nine more than one your $15,-
TTllilllTlKß " Due from other Companies, etc., for stocks and loans ...7.. 22,175 53 one year or less. $337,127 30, re- 143 10, reinsurance pro rata 80,309 20
LIAUILITibN. losses paid and premiums ad- ' Premiums in due course of collec- Insurance 50 per cent. f 168,563 65 Due for .Reinsurance Premiums and
Losses Adjusted and unpaid "I vanced 15,485 10 i tlon 60,22415 ?"?d ri^ :, ,' 10,262 28
Losses In process .of Adjustment or f SB , 250 00 TotalßBset3 «,747,2 6 9 8. | Pue from other companies for re- 1.^980 _8 *«*««»«" $190.793 10 : All Other Demands Against the Com- 9,072 75
in Suspense v ?si,^ou ou Total assets $1,747,269 82 insurance on tosses already paid.... 153.98028 — P«»> 9,072 75
Losses resisted, Including expenses j L.AHILITIKS. = Totftlas9et3 ; — c^ INCOME. for .„,„.,,.,.,„■ „„, „_„ „ ■
Gross premiums on Marine and In- LIABILITIES. Total assets $1.144,840 75 Nt Cash actua'lv received for Total liabilities. »94,272 3^
an™iTOp^ce O nU KtakS> 26 35.0 Ix»..es Adju.tod and nnpald $22,636 16 i L^B^XTIKS =" S 1 .?.:...;!! $313,093 10 , INCOME. •
ance iuu ptr cenu........ ••;•■• ■'°>-'" J0 «« Losses n process of Adjustment or TT A KTT TT1F"«! Received for Interest and dividPiuU i--«x/«.-fiK,.
Al^r D ~".^'^^A 0 -- 27i. 8 55 oi --■—— iSStS hiapfflo'srriii 23me J^^B^^ e s ::: & "rjfg^LSfSSSS
_. IHK maam , M ■ 394 23. n-iiisuranwsWii.rr.ent. 260,697 11 ""snrance JOO per cent .... 23,806 50 | Keceivtd from all other sou.ces J^895_69 , all oilier sources 13,750 00
Total liabilities »4*3,10- 01 Gross premiums on I- u, P.U S run- °rHks T "^nsn^nce^O Total income $381.845 18. Ttll — ;
rilrig more than one year. $359,- risks, $ , reinsurance ou per „„„.„„- — -- Total Income $104,07106
Net cash actually SSL Ln ?&£l£23FZ^&&L S "* 3o6 " tt*^"mS^**&~ "'"§ ?J KXPKM>ITUKKS. ' "! EXPENDITURES.
Kec^d I r%nie^and-div Iden.1 den.; ?594 ' 63797 ! PMy ' ' _rr.613_34 i^er^ands aVainsVthV com! J'^" gffla«Sit_ff.!^ #M Sf h ™^ « 9 ? 94 Ic^ ofSrV
on Bondn. stocks. Loans, and from « 948 18 Total liabilities 568 - 85 91 L»[y -under" ,v"; and^te 107> ° 81 12 , Pai d or allowed .' 0 Commission or 4fi1817 99 i.^«vL««? 429 94 losses of p re- W.BIB «
BSXheVio;^:;^ ioqis is INCOME. -_f_ ' " " .. Liability accident and plate 198,825 42 Pal( for Sf.W."^ and other 46,817 99 Paid or Allowed tor Commission or $27,513 48
Received i/om ail otlier sources.:.:::: 9.8 61 ! INCOME. glass departments 198.825 42 P «id for Salaries, foes and other Paid or vii.r.vod tor Commission or
r, ■.r . ■ ' ■ chances lor oil leers clerks etc.. 2«,412 93 ! Broiserafee. ...... • . •«.... ...... ...... 1..845 .7
Total inenmp *rifiH_i_ -c Net Cash actna'ly received for Fire 'lotal liabilities. $484.78720 raid for State. National and local ' * Paid for Salaries fees and other
ioiai income ?t)Ua ' 41 * <c premiums..... $669,379 93 — taxes 17 16110 charges for nOicerj. clerks, etc... 14.149 00
EVPFNniTUUES Received for interest on Bonds and TXCO'WF ! All other" and Expend!- aid for §£*?! Natioaal and local "„_ •
tXIKMIIUKES. v Mortgages 14,706 17 I>LOMI " tures - »■ 49,979 '.5 vaxes - -. 209 50
Net amount paid for Marine Losses , Received for Interest and dividends ' Net cash actually received for nccl- . , ! All other Payments and l-._pen.'.i-
(lncluaitig $55,000 losses of pre- . ou Bonds, .Stocks, Loans, and i dent and plate glass premiums $450,81701 I . Total ex: enaitures $.11,761 lures 14,198 97
vious years) $406,653 65 from ail other sources 66,644 43 I >etcasn actually received for marine nzrrz^m^z: '
Paid or allowed for Commission or ' premiums 411,998 81 I bosses Incurred during Total expenditures $68,916 23
Brokerage .- 27,411 67 Total Income $740,730 63 i Received tor interest and dividends the year 30199 rzzr^r^r^:
Paid lor Salaries, fees and other aWMfc — — i on bonds, stocks, loai.s, and from ' — — '~ '- Fire losses Incurred dur-
charges for officers, clerks, etc..... 34,765 61 j EXPENDITURES. ! all other sources..... 28.904 10 bl sks and i-kkmhms *"?ety I Ing the year $24,42125
Paid for state, National and local ' Net Bmonnr _„,,, for Fire , n ,. Ba (in- Received from all other sources .... 42,37 d 25 ! »»"»•"«""<"'•■ Risks. ! Premiums. I ■ — j
» n »iiu o l *7>] #>O •** ®* ""'Ouli l | mill ivi ■« lie ijUSnro ™._____^ . . „ ■ , —^— — •— » , , , , , I
■■"." ' ' | cludinc $64,244 34 losses of pre- Total Income $934 096 17 , Net amount of Risks Risks and Premiums.; Fire Risks. Premiums.
Total expenditures *471 Otis 11 vlousyears)....... $359,042 23 1 "" '. . ! written during We I
ioi.i expenuHures.... $4/i,uusil dividends to Stockholders..... 50,000 00 ~ I year $75 133 430 $'M 9 500 47 T . _■_._ ' — —
M punt Presld , Paid or allowed for Commission or EXPENDITURES. Net arn"ouni"'or"'iusks Net amount of Klsksj
Subscribed and swo^ S^Hlth !„ "™*'-™\- ■,„-•.;••, rm- 107 '° 48 10 iN« amount paid for acCdent ,nd I Ixv™ durlU Iho «^3l ; I^l a, «^ r "'^ ' ht> $13 BKO 83 8 3 173 937 42
Subscribed and sworn to before me, tins 11th | la^ h^,»Vu« °Uc^'l' ?& tS" 57 '- 00 kESSISIK | year 41,852,031 192.841 83 amountci lilski eil' 6,259,634 , * 104,848 42
day of A pril, " & | & " | Jg^ZStfttZ^-iiXZ* »l \ 45.225.849 l 337.127 ,0 J^^^B »»»»] W *» «
! All otl.;-r" payments" and' expend!- '^TaPowed 0 ftJ^oommlMlon or 43 " 75 ° °° ~ EDWIN WA»»-IEIJ), P ■je.W.nt December 31, 1893... 11,336.047 133.72386
VOSS, CONRAD & CO., Total expendUures I^^ « | WSmMm Sg WSS^W^i^MSg;^ SuhB( . r ibed C nc sworn to before m^ih^^U
GENERAL AGENTS, T o .rl PPB , .„.,„.. - Paid for State, National and lo:al Commissioner for California at Baltimore, riay O f February, 189(>. C. F. FIMIIiKCK, Notary
iiOsses incurred (uirni-, ....„ 4 fi'M *v< " * T * — '•" i*hm*i* ■
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco the year (fire) $360,944 60 other paymenis" and 'expendl- ' PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, " ll>1 "" —
" ; : bisks and friths Fire Ri, ., Premiums. tures " " ; __!i°^oAl *« mam «f«^ Sin frUMMM PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
FOR E 3 *^ rTPMiRJfI PII CQ Net amount of — ! - Total expenditures $608,91343 -""* ISIIIISOIIie Ml('f[, Mil i 1 IIRCISCO. : 204 Saiisome Street, Niiß Francisco.
r>bi FSSaSp! CC ili#;#l*§|i° Total expenditures $e08,9i3 4B vossconrad&co., voss, con rad & co.
Pi! FSSSaSe's iS^^H* 111 " wa^ Zl~r vossconrad&co., voss,conrad&co.
1 I Li LiW Ointment expired dining the 49,9 ; a,2 8 2 : 95 — ,— KESIPKNT MANAGEhS. GENKKAL MANAGEKS.
wuawiv DInTMtNT - VP!ir 49,931,262 751,083 95 ~ — — ■
»TMPT°pMS-MMrtß^ Inte.^ Itehla. .■# W g,mb?, U Si,'lSr.^: 61.472,748 911,293 35 kisksaxi> PBEMtuMS. Marine Risks Prem.ums. I#^ [^^^^I^ll^ *»Tl NEW -WESTERN HOTEL.
uH^r^^ltinZl'tuLllnf^llTn^Cnal v BrCKINOHAM PresldenT" Net amount of risks ' fT**?! 1^ <J &X n'^E^'^^iM &**«{ ITEARXV AND WASHINGTON BTB.-RB.
which often iiU-.d «nd ul.erHte, u-.-omlnc very U J SMITH s,™!«r» written during the <& Jtid Wrg^-f^O.fcFV'W J?^. JW < Js2 -«^- modeled and renovated. KING, WAKD *CU
•ore. OINTMENT ihe Itrhlni ov  . it. J. IJ. hecretery. y(jar $118,235,421; 59 1,115 48 1-^-^ r J^?*^^^l?»lAsi?"il »CX Kuropeau plan. Kooms 50j lo SI .',O per day, $J
»nd blt-edlne, horil* ul<-pr>tl»n. nn<i in mo«t<iai.e* Subscribed and sworn 10 before me this •JSth day xet amount, of risks A-±SjF> 3^?-I^'^ VoT^ ? =v^Ti r <CTVlJ J>-^J^ to »8 per week, *8 to «30 per month: free batu*-
remove* the tumor*. *.«k jour Uru f gi»t for it. lof February, 1896. expired during the I TV*^ WiMii'ilft iU*^tF ; WCfcir*i!lllli^*ft <^ : *■ hot and cola water every room; tire i,Ta[«4 14
— K. s. WHiTTLEsky, Notary Public. y ear i 70,435,413 366,13306 i When oruenrnj i>ieaoo uentlon Call. every room: elevator runs allnisht. '
>.-. i ' : Net 'amount in forco| I ' - - " '*■•'• v
lirtffli Vflf \*y FIFTY-DOLLAR .. December 31, 1895... I 2.040.027 1 45,865 75 ■■ - .-.
Z\ CPTDin DC! TO Tlll?G!fTfWlft!£! Al? Till? C<ri(!A\l f. gkrson, President.-; -•■■ffipajJlMffWWrmr^aaaEß^aailWHl^^
«^elects!B belts THESIJCCESS OF THE SEASON ~ , ME^SM^ f^^^mS^mmzn"—'^-
! .^S«?^ — °'^X: MASON, U.S.Con S ul-aenera.. Bffl!^3 WW3 ifIMHtIUIJU ftth 8 0 KtU^£%yS^
WJyn&&SoWs' 10 . *! 5 i alsoßOOdbi'lisfor [I]TTTJ T I TlTTlfl l fiDTT T TinnHll KM "<*?£? SSW l£? d tionol a famous .French physician, will quickly cure you of* all ne?
V^Wr^^ Sp^^r-^cS! inb LAJJiiSiJ uKILL nOOM united states department, |^i£/^ m.
*At? or write lor new pamphlet *U.U.MJUVI.UU UXUJJUIIUUIU / , M 1 #%%, T <mm' Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varioooele and"
PiKKc K iHo^7o4sa N c™mLosircorKe» J rny; — oi ' the— 201 Sansome Street, -San Francisco. , | K^f Kjj gSft&ug"®® \^^fMSl^SßSS,SSi^
second, third and fonrth floors. San Kranc.sco L __ p., UPC U II T C ! VOSS CONRAD & CO., ■»««>«« *««» *™« "KSTh^^^^ 11^ 1 * 1
_ Pill 21 I. •■ fall I l*l v VvJvJ| uvnnn^ vju v^w. f ib crPIDr.XK fltrongthensr.ndrestoressmali weak organs.
Weak Men and Women ' nLnuL ■■v.-itLr .. General Man.,-™. p^&.vs^fi-pfD^sstr^^^^^
JLuS^AmANABiTTKiirni" i DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM HARKEP 31. \ f f& a^»r ? :<^ b^^^^^
O great Mexican Kemedy; «iv«« UeiUW »tt4 | - . Address JJ A VOI. JIKIJICINIi CO.» 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
temmsm lv Ult Riwusa u«iui* 1 oi*kn. uniiju mij»nu;iix. L i i3i;uuK.^ i'iia^acy, 11» rowsu suoau
910
JAMES H, BARRY
ON JUDGE CATLIN.
Pours Journalistic Grape
and Cannister Into
Him
THINKS CATLIN A CZAR.
Supreme Court Asks for a
Review of the Case in
Question.
ABSOLUTE DEFIANCE OF RIGHT.
Meeting of M.mb.rs of the Old Free
Press Defense Association To-
Morrow Night.
The writ of review asked for in the con
tempt caie of Eaitor McClatchy of the
Sacramento Bee, who was lined $500 by
Jude< Catlin ol the Sacramento Superior
Court, was granted by the Supreme Court
yesterday.
V writ of certiore.ri was issued, to be
served on Judge Catlin to-day, requesting
him to furnish the facts of the case for lhe
liilormation of the Supreme Court.
The applicant was represented by the
leading legal luminaries of the State, in
g D. M. Deiruas, P. Keddy and John
bards.
McClatchy was fined because he insisted
i Bee lepori of the testimony given in
open court in :i divorce case was correct,
and because he made some caustic criti
cisms upon Judge Catlin for denouncing
it irom the bencn as false nnd without
any foundation i!i fact.
The strung feelin? aroused by what has
b. tn termi d Judge Tallin's tendency for
aping the Czar of al! the Russias i* plainly
demonstrated by the movement on foot in
City to revive the Free Press Defense
Association, called into existence by the
famous Barry contempt case. There will
meeting of the pioneer members to
morrow niizht and Judge .lames <j. Ma
guire will undoubtedly he elected presi
dent of the association.
"Il is as. everlasting shame and dis
grace," said one <>t the leaders in the naove
ment yesterday, "that in this enii£ tened
era men are obliged to form orcra'iiz.itions
to pr-serve the liberty of speech and of
the t ress."
James H. Biirry. the editor who figured
so prominently in a former contempt case
au<! whose conviction resulted in ilu> enac
tion of the historic B:irry contempt law,
is line of the prince movers in reviving tlu
old association and freely gives his opin
ion on the action of Judge Catlin in linintr
the editor of the tiee.
•The summary conviction uf UcCiatchy
for contempt hi that manner," be said,
"was in absolute deiktnee of fundamental
rights. It wa« an example of judicial de«t
potisja happily not often seen in this
country.
"Tho <'/.ar of nil the Russias could
hardly have exercised more despotic
power. McClatchy may have spoken
falsely, although [do not think he did;
but if he libeled .turtle Catlin that public
. :' hai the same redress as the Presi
dent of the United States or any other
public servant. Yes, or any private citi
zen, for that matter.
"He could have instituted a suit for
libel, where McClatchy would have had an
rtniiity to prove the truth of his as
sertions. Failing to do trii*. he should be
punished, but it is monstrous u> say that
any man hits the right to De accuser,
Judge, jury and executioner in his own
case, as Catlin was.
"By summarily convicting McClatchy,
Catlin has not cleared his own skirts of
the charges ma<ie against him. On the
contrary, he himself has emphasized those
charges by causing the pnblic generally to
believe them true.
"A Judge will be accorded ail the re
spect he deserves, nnd treated with a!l the
contempt that he earn-."
CHINESE CERTIFICATES.
Attorney-General Harmon Gives
a Written Opinion of
the Law.
Defines Clearly the Rights of Chinese
Laborers to Enter This
Country.
Collector Wi«e is in receipt of an im
portant opinion from the Attorney-Gen
eral regarding the certificates of Chinese.
Mr. Harmon says:
Department of Justice, (
Washington, d. C, May 26. 1896. \
Sir: I have the honor to give my opinion, as
requested in your letter of the 22d inst., upon
the proper construction of Article II of the
convention between the United States and
China, concerning the subject ot emigration,
proclaimed March 17, 1894.
By Article I the coming of Chinese laborers
to this country is absolutely prohibited for a
period of ten years. Article II provides that
such prohibition shall not apply to the return
to this country of registered Chinese borers
having certain specified relatives here, or prop
erty, or debts of a certain value ; but requires,
as a condition of the right of such laborer to
return, the deposit by him with the Collector
of Customs of the district from which he de
parts of a written description of his family,
property or debts. The Collector is required
to furnish him with a certificate of his right to
return. Article II then proceeds as follows:
•And such right of return to the United
States shall be exercised within one year from
the date of leaving the United States: but such
right of return to the United States may be ex
tended for aw additional period, not to exceed
one year, in cases where by reason of sickness
or other cause of disability beyond his control
such Chinese laborer shall be rendered unable
sooner to return, which facts shall be fully re
ported to the Chinese Consul at the port of de
parture, and by him certified, to the satisfac
tion of :be collector of the port at which such
Chinese subject shall lat<d In the United States.
And no such Chinese laborer shall be per
mitted to enter the United States by land or
sea without producing to the proper officer of
the customs the return certificate herein re
quired."
Your letter with its inclosure presents the
ease of three Chinese laborers duly registered
at Boston, according to law and treasury regu
lations, and furnished with proper certificates
In accordance with the treaty, who left the
country from the district of Vermont, and
after visiting China presented themselves for
readmission at the same place in the district
of Vermont, after an at.sence of almost thir
teen months. They v.-ere refused admission,
because the facts justifying the extension of
the period of return were not reported "to
the Chinese Consul at the port of departure
and by him certified," etc., the collector hold
ing snch port of departure to be Canton, China,
at which place they left that country, or
Hongkong, a British port, at which they* took
ship. It appears that there is, of course, no
Chinese Consul at Canton, and that for local
and political reasons the British Government
permits none at Hongkong.
Your inquiry is whether the "port of de
parture," at which the facts of sickness or
Usability are to be so reported, is the port
from which the laborer goes from this country,
or that from which he starts on his return.
It is a, well-known fact that Chinese laborers
who leave this country almost invariably re
turn to their own. This fact was, of course,
well known to the framers of the treaty. They
knew also that no country ha* Consuls at its
o\v:i ports. I: seems clear, therefore, that they
coul<fnot have meant the port of departure
from China.
If this be true, it appears to follow that the
framers of the tri-aty must have meant the
port from which tne laborer departs from this
country. He is required to deposit a written
description of his tamily, property or debts
"with the Collector of Customs of the district
from which be departs."
While, at first gntnee, the phrase "port of de
parture may appear, from its use in connec
-son with the pi. rase "port at which sucn.
Chinese subject snail land in the United
States," to indicate the point of beginning of
the voyage ot return, this appearance must
give way before the manifest necessity of so
construing the treaty, if possible, us to Rive it
the operation winch the parties plainly in
tended it to have. Besides, tne two phrases
niay both fairly be construed hs referring to
the I'm led states, requiring the fact of un
avoidable detention to be rej>orted to the
Chinese Consul at the port where the
person desiring to return left this country,
au.i the certificate thereof to be sent to the
collector of the port at which he desires to re
enter it.
As Chinese Consuls in this country are re
ceived by our Government and subject to re
call on their own request it was naturally will
ing to trust to their good faith, and ibe Chinese
Government, one of the parties to the treaty,
had the right to require of them the service it
imposes. The only other possible construction
if that tlie phrase," "Chinese Consul at the port
of departure, 1 ' was intended to designate our
Consuls at Chinese ports, but BUCh construc
tion wmild require an entire change of the
language used. When that meaning was in
tended, Article HI shows that the makers of
Ihe ireaty knew how toexsrsca it. That arti
providing for the rights of Chinese offi
cials, students, merchants, e:c. to come to
and reside In the Tinted btates, authorizes - 'a
certificate from their Government or the Gov
ernment where they IH.-t resided vised by the
diplomatic or consular representative of the
I'mted States in the country or port whence
they depart."
While lhe language of the section you sub
nii! is not explicit, and the- question presented
cannot, therefore, be answered with entire
freedom from doubt, my opinion is that the
officer to whom lhe facts of sickness or dis
ability are to be reported is the Consul wtio
represents the Chinese Government tit the
place trheoce the laborer left the United
btates. Wink- the words used, "port" and
"land,"' usually relate to a sea voyage, they
were used because the Chinese generally ko
ana cone by sea, and not because it was the
Intention to limit the right to return to such
as travel in that way. This is upuarent from
the last sentence of the section: "And uo
such laborer shall be permitted to enter the
United States by land or sea without pro
ducing to th»i proper officer of the customs the
return certificate herein required." Instances
where expressions suggested by the com
monest form of the subject dealt witri have
been held to apply to all its forms are not un
common in judicial decisions.
Moreover, the word "port" does not always
mean fl seaport when it is used in connection
with our customs officers, and the word "land"
Is not necessarily limited to disembarkation
from a ship.
It appe ir.s to be necessary for the laborer to
: ii> country at a place which is a port
and is within the jurisdiction of a Chinese
Consul, and thai he should rot urn to it at a
port ot entry where there is a collector: but as
liN rish; to depart and return by land as well
as by sea is recognized by the treaty these
places need not be seap< ■
A.s the manifest object of this clause of the
treaty was 10 relieve returning laborers from
the consequences of sickness or casualty the
argument from inconvenience is not without
weight. Detentions from those causes are
likely to occur after the commencement
vi a long voyage, which, in their absence,
would accomplish the return before the ex
piration of the year. Bickness, storms, or the
many mishaps of,ocean travel may require the
statement mentioned in the treaty on arrival
in the United States, although it seemed un
necessary before starting. These facts must
have been in the minds of the framers of the
. yet if any other construction be
adopted than that which I have indicated :he
□ntortunate traveler would have to returu to
place from which he started or undergo
the U>ng delay which would be required i.>
communicate the facts to the officer at that
point aii.i receive his certificate thereof. Very
respe tiu.iy.
Jti's \ Harmon-, Attorney-General.
GEARY-STREET FRANCHISE
It Excites the Ire of the Point !
Lobos Improvement
Club.
Thanks Tendered the Board of Edu
cation for a Night School
and a Sidewalk
Thp Point I/ohos Improvement Club
held its regular bi-monthly meeting last
nieht and transacted much business of im
portance to the residents of Richmond.
A communication from the Hoard of
Police Commissioners thanking the club
for it 3 expression of confidence in the
management of the police force was read,
and the individual members gave voice to
their pleasure thereat.
A communication from the French Hos
i pital was also read, stating that J. A.
Bergerot had been appointed to represent
that institution in the rlub for the year.
The executive committee reported that
it had got the Boaid of Education to
acquiesce in the desire that a night school
be held in the Richmond school building,
corner of First and Point Lobos avenues,
! to open in August.
It also reported that a petition sent to
j the Board of Supervisors to improve the
condition of Sixtn avenue, from Lake
street to Goldon Gate Park, had been lost,
according to the secretary of the board.
The avenue was torn up to construct a line
of railroad now owned and operated by
! the Sacramento-street system. Another
petition was drafted and will be forwarded
I to the board at on re.
A paper was read by F. T. Newbery,
civil engineer, on the proposed new char
ter, in which he elucidated the manifold
benefits to be derived therefrom.
Newbery and John H. Sievers were ap
pointed by the chair as delegates to the
Merchants' Association to assist in the
movement for the charter.
It was decided to send a petition to the
board against the extension of tne Geary
street franchise.
Secretary Johnson was instructed to
i send s. communication to the Fire Com
i missioners and Board of Supervisors in re
; gard to some protruding rails on the Park
; and Ocean Railway, as in case of fire the
road would be rendered temporarily im
i passable. It was found out, however, that
i this matter had already ben attended to.
The president reported that an asphal
tum sidewalk had been placed in front of
the Sntro School. The secretary was ac
cordingly instructed to send a vote of
thanks to the Board of Education for this
piece of improvement, and also for grant
ing the nigi t school.
WOMEN TO RATIFY.
; Progressive Ladies Will Anaemble on
Friday livening to Acknowledge the
Advancement of Political Parties.
A woman's suffrage ratification meeting
will be held on Friday evening in Met
ropolitan Temple. The object of the
meeting is to ratify the suffrage plank in
the political platforms.
Mrs. A. A. Sargent, president of the
State Suffrage Association, will open the
meeting. Susan B. Anthony will preside.
Speeches will be made by Rev. Anna
Shaw, Miss Elizabeth Yates, Charles M.
Sbortridge, Congressman J. G. Maguire,
T. V. Cator and Frank French of San
Jose. On the platform will be over 100
prominent citizens of all political com
plexions.
\ Partnership Quarrel
Henry Lauz has sued for a dissolution of the
partnership firm of Lrdz tt Mielenz, liquor
dealers. Lanz claims that Mielenz has failed
to put his share of money into the firm and
has taken possession of the partnership books,
lhe plaintiff wnnts an accounting.
An Old Bill.
Robert Molloy has sued the Fourth of July
committee of 18f)5, individually named as
Does of all conceivable sorts, for $793 75 on
an assigned claim of William Hamilton for
decorative work.
1 oan-s on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 15 Graut avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
GENERAL SHEEHAN
IN ANGRY MOOD,
Chafes Under the Examina
tion of Attorney
Eartnett.
DENIES ANY CONSPIRACY
Ex-Judge Carpenter Becomes
Impatient and Clamors
for the Proof.
THOSE TRANSFERS OF STOCK
Ncar.y Two Thousand Shares Placed
in the Name of Stenog
rapher Hardee.
Quite a number of witnesses were exam
ined yesterday in the suit brought by the
California Safe Deposit and Trust Con*
pany to remove General Sheehan and the
directors of the People's Home Savings
Bank. Much of the testimony was a repe
tition of what had already been sworn to.
Several of the witnesses testified unwill
ingly, and even defiantly, witnesses Shee
han and Phelps being particularly com
bative. The hit of humor in the situation
of witness Hardee, who, although he
owned no property, had been asked j
to pay over $300,000 by Attorney Flournoy,
was the main diversion of the day's trial.
Receiver Sheehan was again put on the
stand at the opening of yesterday's ses
sion. He answered the questions of At
torney Bartlett in a defiant manner, and
with a military glare referred him to the
bookkeeper if he wanted to know some
thing from the records.
A lively tilt between the opposing coun
sel arose over the striking out of Attor
ney Bartlett's amended complaint. Ex-
Judge Carpenter, in a very dramatic man
ner, declared that the plaintiffs were wast
ing time, beating about the bush, and that
they bad no case. "Let them prove the
conspiracies which they have charged,"
shouted the ex-Judge, "1 defy them to
prove it." Judge Seawell took the matter
under advisement.
In reply to Carpenter's questions on
cross-examination Sheehan denied that
he had anything to do witu the ousting of
Director Merrill. Davidson had told Shee
han before the election that he wanted to
get 'Merrill out of tne board because he
didn't understano business. In the vari
ous disbursements he had made nnd which
the plaintiffs charged as being extrava
gant, Sheehan declared that he nad done
what he thought to be to the depositors'
interests. He denied absolutely that he
had engaged in any conspiracy or collu
sion.
Sheehan's professed intention of hand
ling the affairs of the bank economically
was somewhat shaken by P.artnett's re
direct examination. When the Bank
Commissioners intended to cut down
Sheehan's salary the General represented
to them that his services were worth fully
$J;">0 a month, but he denied that he hail
appeared Oefore the board to resist a re
auction, an asked for by a petition of de
positor-.
W. E. Palmer, a clerk in the People's I
Home Savings Bank, was put on the I
stand. He wu* questioned in reference to
certain disbursements to attorneys out of
the City. This money had been charged
on the books to James Aiva Watt.
In regard to Sheehan's attention to the
business of the bank. Palmer said the
general was at the bank every day from
about 9 to 4:30 o'clock, and he thought
the general attended to the bank's business
almost exclusively.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Judge Seawell announced that he was not
yet ready to decide upon the admissibility
of Attorney Bartnett's amended com
plaint. The court announced that he
would decide the matter before this morn
ing's session. Clerk Palmer was asked a
few more questions, and after declaring
that he had not engaged in or heard of
any conspiracy for ousting Merrill, or for
any other purpose, he was allowed to de
part.
Theodore L. Hardee, a stenographer
who had been in the employ of Attorney
Watt at various times, was next sworn.
Watt had transferred stock to the sten
ographer at various times. He had never
purchased any stock. At present Hardee
is down ?s the owner of nearly 2000 shares
of stock of which he never had possession
except long enough to indorse it to Attor
ney Watt.
The stock in Hardee's name amounted
to several hundred thousand dollars. At
torney Fionrnpy had notified him to pay
some $.'532,000 last winter, but the sten
ographer had "asked for a little delay."
When asked by Attorney Bartnett whether
he had property sufficient to meet such
obligations, Hardee said if he had any
property he would like to have some one
show it to him. Hardee's recollection of
bow he had received the stock was very
hazy. He had always signed proxies for
Mr. Watt when requested to do so.
James Alva Watt, formerly attorney
for the bank, was placed on the stand. He
testified tnat he had received $.VJO a month
from about June, 18! M, to January, 1895.
He never had any exact understanding
with Sheehan as to his compensation.
When he first applied to Sheehan for
money he admitted to the general that
the latter had no right to pay him without
an order of the court.
Tnen Watt had seen Judge Hebbard
and had an understanding with him in re
gard to the matter. After that Sheehan
paid Watt his money.
Besides receiving $500 a month Watt
also received fees. In one month alone —
December, Ih94,— he received two fees
aggregatine $1000. He didn't reniemoer
that Mr. Sheehan had made any objection
to the payment of these fees. He thought
Sheehan relied upon him in the matter.
Other attorneys had been employed on
business of the bank. Watt didn't re
number whether or not he had consulted
the directors about employing them.
He denied that he had had an under
standing that h^ $50u a month included
all iegal work. He had no recollection of
having stated to J. W. Coleman, T. S.
Williams and Attorney Bartneit that the
$500 included all legal services.
He denied that he had acted as attorney
for the stockholders in resisting and de
fending a suit brought by the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company. He
had expressed his opinion that the suit
was being improperly brought.
When asked if he had said, in a news
paper interview, that the bringing of the
suit to compel the paying up of the un
paid capital stock was legalized robbery,
Watt explained that he had expressed the
opinion to many persons that to compel
the bona-lide stockholders, who were very
few in number and wh > were as much the
victims of the .McDonalds as the deposit
ors to pay up this stock, even though it
might be legally possible, would be a
manifest injustice.
B. B. Hardenberg was put on the stand
to tell of a transfer of stock made by him
to Hardee. The stock iiad been trans
ferred to Hardenberg from If. H. Sher
man. The details of me transactions were
considerably confused in the witness'
mind.
William H. Phelps, one of the defend
ants in the suit, ascended the stand. His
answers were very defiant and often were
not responsive to the question. He had
purchased a claim from ex-Director Mer
rill with money furnished by James A.
Sevens, the attorney for M. IT. Sherman.
Phelps admitted that he would not have
purchased the claim if Merrill had not re
signed. Phelps denied that he hail been
elected director in consequence of any con
spiracy whatever. He did not know and
never had spoken to any of the directors
except Directors Johnson ana Davidson.
Several witnesses who were to testify
were not present, so the court adjourned
until 10 o'clock this morning.
GRAND ANNUAL PICNIC.
The Swedigh-American Patriotic League
Celebrates at .Shell Mound To- Day.
Tho Swedish-American Patriotic League
wiil hold a grand annual celebration at
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, to-day. An
excellent literary and musical programme
will be rendered, a May pole will be raised
and there will be many other forms of
amusement
The programme includes speeches by
the president, C. G. Kjelstrom, and by
District Attorney Barnes, songs by the
Swedish Singing Society, and athletics.
At 3 p. m. the running races begin.
They are five in number, being a fat men's
race, a married ladies' race, a young ladies'
race and children's races.
An Oakland tug-oi-war team will pull
against a San Francisco team for a purse
of $500.
The park wilt be open from 11 \. M. to 11
p.m. Admission 25 cents.
VINEYARDIST FROM NAPA.
Mrs. Sadie Nichols Arrested for Rob-
Imiir C. H. V«lpy.
Mrs. Sadie Nichols, who has achieved
considerable notoriety of late, and her
niece, Ella Hasten, were arrested yester
day afternoon on a warrant by Detective
Dillon and Policeman McGrayan on the
charge of grand larceny.
The complaining witness is C. H. Valpy,
a vineyaruist from Napa County. He was
in Mrs. Nichols' house, 116 Eddy street,
last Friday night, and alleges that he was
robbed of $215. He did not discover his
loss till the following day, and when he
went back to the house .Mrs. Nichols of
fered to return him $100. He refused to
accept it, and yesterday swore out a war
rant in Judge Campbelf's court for the ar
| rest of Mrs. Nichols and her niece.
Mrs. Nichols denies the allegation and
9ays that Valpy owes her $20.
PROPOSED LABOR LAWS.
E. L. Fitzeerald Intends to
Remedy Many Existing
Labor Ev.ls
Has Prepared a Synopsis to Bi In"
dorsed by the State Labor
Unions.
Labor Commissioner E. L. Fitzgerald
has prepared to be introduced at the next
Legislature a series of laws formulated for
the purpose of remedying and abolishing
many of the evils to which labor has been
subjected in the past and which, according
to the Commissioner's opinion, should be
speedily remedied.
In his letter to the labor unions of this
State Mr. Fitzgerald states that it is his
desire that those directly interested in
this legislation should first peruse and
aprove them, and if in their opinion any
changes should be made to suggest the
same to him that the laws may be abso
lutely correct and meet every demand,
t:. us saving further legislation on the
same ground. The laws brace the fol
lowing subjects:
Eight — Bond pioterting labor on pub
lic work,' bakeries, re-establishing labor bu
i reau and creating free employment system,
regulating employment agents, per aiera on
public works, bakers' hours, time-check system,
branding prison-made goods, cost of suit upon
collection of wages, collusion with employ
ment agents, employment of citizens of the
United States on public work, regulating luncn
hour, and boiler inspection.
In order to make the foregoing clearly under
stood I will give a brief synopsis of same:
Eight hours— 3245 of the Political
Code provides that eight hours shall constitute
a day's work. The statute is not definite and
is capable of circumvention by contractors
who pay by the hour, and is therefore in many
instances inoperative, requiring an amend
ment to render its enforcement effective.
Bakeries— To pass a uniform law requiring
cleanliness and to insure purity in the manu
factured product of this important industry.
Governmental Boards Awarding Contracts—
To prohibit Boards of Supervisors, common
councils, boards, commissions, etc., awarding
contracts to persons who have previously de
frauded laborers of their wages. This practice
is carried on to a large extent in San Francisco.
There being no lien on public work the laborer
is placed at the mercy of his employer with
many disastrous results.
Bond Protecting Labor on Public Work—
purpose of this law is analogous to the forego
ing and is framed with a view of protecting
the laborer where the foregoing, through inad
vertence, might be disregarded.
Creating Bureaus— re-establish the bureau
as a bureau of labor, provide for free employ
ment offices, and to introduce provisions facili
tating the work where the present law is de
fective and inoperative.
Regulating Employment Offices— place
those persons who traffic in labor under uni
form regulations, protecting the persons deal
ing with them, and making the said agents
amenable to law for the atrocities they have
so lone practiced.
Per diem oh Public Works— Creating a mini
mum price which laborers must be paid, in
suring ii livelihood, and protecting honest em
ployers against unscrupulous competitors.
Bakers' Hours— To establish uniform hours
for the persons engaged in this most arduous
toil; a necessary sanitary regulation.
. Time-check System— To abolish the system
now in vogue throughout the State of depriv
ing laborers of their pay for unreasonable
periods; to prevent the desperate condition to
which laborers are forced through its opera
tion—one of the greatest evils, requiring proper
legislation and enforcement.
Identity of Prison-made Goods— Requiring
the branding of all goods made In the penal
institutions ;of the State, to distinguish the
same from the product of free labor.
Costs of Suit— To allow the person whoother
wise cannot collect money due for labor per
formed to sue for same to the extent of fifty
(SSO) dollars without advancing costs of suit.
Collusion with employment agents — To pro
hibit employers from contracting with em
ployment agents to furnish labor and dividing
commissions paid by the latter.
Employment of citizens— To prohibit the
employment of other man citizens of the
United States upon public work.
Lunch hour— To provide a reasonable time
for the midday meal, obviating the evil of
labor in retail ah I merits being lorced to
visit lunch-counters and saloons for want of
time.
Boiler Inspectors— To provide for the proper
conduct of this important business as a safe
guard to life and property.
Appended to the above, Mr. Fitzgerald
states he considers every laboring man to
be directly interested by one or more of the
laws, and it is to his interest to see that the
same is passed as soon as possible.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦»»»♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
! Hnnyadi J&nos f
♦ THE WORLDS' BEST i
$ NATURAL APERIENT WATER ♦
THE ONLY ONE having received over iooo testimonials ▲
$> from Medical Authorities.
V CAUTION: None genuine without the signature of
▼ the firm "Andreas Saxlehner" ontheiabei ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦J
THREE LADIES
RIDE A CENTURY,
Members of the Alpha Club
Cover the Relay
Course.
MADE IN ELEVEN HOURS
A Remarkable Performance by a
Trio of Fair Cyclists of
the Mission.
A NEW LEAGUE ROAD BOOK,
Yeoman of the Reliance Club Made
the Fastest Time of Last
Sunday's Races.
Misses Mollie Mahony, Rita Mahony
and Lena Egeberg of this City, members
of the Alpha (ladies') Cycling Club, made
a remarkable wheeling trip last Sunday,
riding a "century," which is the cycular
term for 100 miles, around the bay. Tney
made the trip in a little over eleven hours,
including stops aggregating two hours,
and their net ridine timewoulabe a credit
to any wheelman who might undertake
the journey.
These young ladie9 are ardent wheel
women and have from time to time taken
many long trips into the country and re
turn of a Sunday, sometimes riding fifty
or sixty miles in a day. But they were
not satisfied with thi9; fifty-mile jaunts
were too easy; they sighed for a trip
around the bay, a "century," which so
many men have started upon and failed to
accomplish.
And so they finally agreed to make the
trial, and last Sunday was the date set.
Would they ride paced or unpaced, how
ever, was the question? It was easier to be
paced, they concluded, so two of their gen
tlemen friends were invited to do the pac
ing on their tandem, Robert Duncan and
H. L. Mayo of the California Cycling Club,
and they readily assented. They decided
to follow the accepted 100-mile course of
the California Associated Cycling Clubs,
over which the annual relay race is run,
and the party therefore met Sunday morn
ing at 4:30 o'clock at Tenth and Market
streets for the start. It was a little too
early to get any of the official judges or
timers of the associated clubs there to offi
cially start them, but Mr. Mayo agreed to
do the timing and act as judge, referee,
starter and scorer, and promptly at the
hour set lor the start tney set out, the tan
dem leading a lively pace down Ninth
street to Potrero avenue, and over the San
Bruno road.
All went well until they reached the
other side of the Six mile hill, when the
tandem broke down, and the ladies' hopes
of uacing for the trip vanished. They de
cided to push on unpaced, and the tandem
team agreed to return to the City, get an
other machine ana meet them on the
Oakland side as far down as possible.
This was done, the ladies riding to San
Mateo, where they had breakfast and then
continued on to San Jose for an early
lunch. After an hour's rest they left the
Garden City to return on the Oakland side,
pedaling against a strong head wind for
the last forty miles of the journey. They
made a short stop at Centerville, expect
ing to meet the tandem riders, but they
were not there. "We'll meet them on the
road soon," Miss Egeberg said, and with
this hope in view they rode on to Alva
rado—no tandem. Then the thought
dawned upon them that the California
Cycling Ciub had a roadrace at Haywards
that afternoon and probably their escorts
had stopped there. And so it proved, but
they met them at Mount Eden and paced
them through to the finish of the course,
on Central avenue, Alameda, rather tired
it is true, but delighted to think they had
covered the famous associated clubs' course
and had ridden a "century" under twelve
hours.
The Imperial Cycling Club will give a
ladies' night Friday evening of this week.
The California Cycling Club will give
gold century bars to their members who
ride 100 miles in ten hours or less, and sil
ver il the performance is made in less than
twelve hours.
The entries for the annual league meet
at Petaluma on July 4 will close at Peta
lunia next Friday, and none will be ac
cepted which anive later than that day.
C. K. Melrose, George H. Strong and J.
J. B. Argpnti have been appointed a spe
cial committee by the North California
Division, League of American Wheelman
to get out at once a new roadbook for the
division. The supply of roadbook? is now
entirely exhausted, and the new book will
contain many additional and valuable
features.
The growth of the division's membership
has warranted the appointment of several
new representatives at large, and Chief
Consul Kerrigan announces the following
appointments, to serve until December 1
1886: W. K. Griffith, Reliance Club Wheel
men; J. W. Harvey, California Cycling
Club; Leavitt H. Cox, Olympic Club
Wheelmen; John S. Egan. Imperial
Cycling Club. Whe Alpha (ladies') Cycling
Club has elected Miss Dorothy Pendergast
as representative from the club to the di
vision board of officers.
It has been found that there was an
error in the timing of the Reliance Club
Wheelmen's road race last Sunday, and
the corrected table gives the credit for the
best performance of the day to William
Yeoman of that club, who rode the five
miles in 12:30, four seconds faster than
the time made by P. Q. Alexander of the
California Club. Yeoman rode unpaced
the entire distance and his ride was very
creditable. The positions of the riders at
the finish were unchanged.
OBJECTIONS GALORE.
The Ashley- Baldwin Suit Becoming
I)rn\vn-out and Tir<«<uno.
The Ashley-Baldwin case yesterday was
one long string of objections. No wit
nesses testified, the day being taken up
with the reading of the depositions of
H. C. Chain berlin of Richmond, Va., and
Richard Y. Hard in, a correspondent of
Clark's Horse Review, with headquarters
at Lexington, Ky.
Extracts of these depositions have been
puDlisned and nothing new was devel
oped. In fact Mr. Crittenden, Miss Ash
ley's attorney, objected so often and so
vigorously as to raise a doubt if anything
at ail had been developed but his kicks.
Chamberlin's deposition told of bow
the Virginian had received letters from
Miss Ashley stating that she wanted to
correspond with a wealthy Southern
bachelor. He replied that he did not rill
the bill and then failed to answer subse
quent communieiitions, although in one
letter a photograph of the fair Lillian was
inclosed.
Chamberlin then told of meeting Miss
Ashley on a road near his homo and of
her announcing that she intended to visit
him. He forbid her going to his house
and later accompanied her to a streetcar
line and sent her away. On the drive to
the streetcars she asked him to give her
money to come to California, but he re
fused her.
Subsequently Chamberlin gave the pho
tograph of Miss Ashley to Mr. Hardin.
That gentleman met her at a horse sale in
Lexington, Ky., a year or two afterward
and visited the house at which she was
stopping. Hardin informed her that he
knew of the Cbam berlin episode and
threatened unless she immediately took
her departure from his friend's house he
would expose her. She departed.
Hardin's deposition then tells how
he wrote to E. J. Baldwin when he
read of the suit filed against him by Miss
Ashley. Harrlin told Baldwin what he
knew of the plaintiff's past and also put
Baldwin's attorney in communication with
Chamberlin.
— • — ♦ — •
A PUBLISHER WEDDED.
Ernest F. Edwards of the Edwards Pub
lishing Company Married to Alias
Kathryne Cullinan.
A pretty wedding affair took place last
evening at 637 Golden Gate avenue, in
which Ernest F. Edwards of the Edwards
Publishing Company was married to Miss
Kathryne Cullinan. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father Prendergast.
Only a limited number of relatives and
intimate friends of the bride and groom
were present. Mr. and Mrs. Edwards will
visit for a few weeks throughout the State,
after which they will lire at the Paiace
until a suitable residence is prepared.
Love never lasts any longer than we want
it to.
NEW TO-DAY.
i THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
tlJl-Mlli
lli-IIAIL
mmm.
65c IN SILVER
AT THE OWL
WILL BUY
Pinkham's Compound.
Pierec's Favorite Prescription.
Joy's Sarsaparilla.
Hall's Hair Kenewer.
Scott's Emulsion.
Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
Mrs. Yale's Hair Tonic.
PAINE crY „ ,
cEtEiv SiuV Corns
COMPOUND. iAl v VXJ im.
San Francisco, 1128 Market St.
Oakland, Tenth and Broadway.
Los Angeles, 320 South Spring St.
FA, L
ilfliliJiWEANY
This renowned specialist guarantees a
positive cure of Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions. Ex-
hausting drains of YOUN3, MIDDLE-
AGED AND OLD MEN. Gleet, Gonor-
rhoea, Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Blad-
der, Blood and Skin diseases, and all con- :
stitutional and internal troubles promptly '
cured. If you can't call, write at once. :
Hours, 9 to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 P. M., 7 to 8 !
P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. Address
I. L. SWEANY, M. 0., San FranciscVcal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive 4iWra3Siv%l*iS\
Market-Street Kerry. (!&&&& vjT*K
SANTA FE EXIVbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
LeAves every day at 5 p. if., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and at. Louis. -
The l'oi.u.iii s.i.\TA FE BOUTS KX< IR-
-BIOXS leave every WKD.VKSDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
•leepers, In charge at experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket OiUce-644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
*rom San (» i» 8 «v, = nrtn, ac 16 , 189&
r Mo^.'n iT*i'T y and R«''»el-*8 :00. *9 00
For Potnr J HR OUGH TRAINa
6. K. suncuy.; 1,46 jf ,_M. w Wkd ava. _
, HEW TO- DAT: j
S3 £2P 3£ ! I q sBP fi ' fi iW
TALKS ON
DYSPEPSIA.
1 How to Cure Yourself.
In all forms of stomach trouble Mun-
yon's Dyspepsia Cure will promptly cure
where there are such symptoms a3 pain or
soreness in the stomach, indigestion or
distress after eating, pressure and fullness
in the stomach, shortness of breath, poor
appetite, coated tongue, sour or bitter
raising from the stomach, heartburn, wind
on the stomach, constipation, dizziness,
faintr.ess and lost energy.
When these symptoms are associated
with biliousness, yellow-coated tongue, .
nausea, bitter taste in the mouth and sal-
low ssk'in, take Munyon's Liver Cure in ai-
ternation with the Dyspepsia Cure, an
hour apart. Where there is obstinate con-
stipation keep the bowels open once a day
by using Munyon's Constipation Cure un-
til they become regular under the effect of
the Dyspepsia Cure. When there are trou-
blesome heart symptoms alternate Mun-
yon's Heart Cure with the Dyspepsia Cure.
If there is great nervousness or inability
to sleep, alternate Munyon's Nerve Cnre
with the Dyspepsia Cure. Ii the blood ia
poor in quality alternate Munyon's Blood
Cure and Dyspepsia Cure. 13y this plan of
treatment one can eradicate the worst
forms of stomach troubles and their com-
plications, and make tl|e cure permanent.
A separate specific for each disease. Sold"
by all druggists, mostly for 25 cents a
bottle.
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1501
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered '
with free medical advice for any disease.
V- .^gATENTSt x)
Vest's? m ass^et'stlsS^Sm^
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUTH i:KX l-%«1*1«.' CO3IPAKT.
( I- v 1 lie mi.)
TrnliH lfi»»«* »ml arc «lv«- l«» arrlrn i»i
»%."* FRAHCMTO.
tEATK — Fi:»m JUCTT. ISO 6. — - Aumvß
•«:<>»•, Nilca, San Joss and Way St itions. . . Hii't a
7:«»O.\ Atlantic Ksiire^s, Og'lcn and i:-.v.t.. "■■ |s »
?:OOa Benida Vacaville, Hun:r. :y, Sacrs>
racnto, Oroville and Hedging via
Da-. 13 fi:4sp :
7:«Oa Martinez, San R-iraon. Xapa, Calls-
toga and toanta Rosa 6:13p
«:XUa Nilta, San .lose, .Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvillo and Ite<?
lilnir -iii.-ip
•8:30 a Peters anil Milton «7:13p
»:i)» v Los Angel;s Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and 1. s An;clc« 4:4-1p
»:O«A Martinez and Stockton 11:I."»a
O:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
I:OOp Nilen, San Jose and Livermore..i... 8:t."»A
•l:OOp SAcr.-monto River Steauicra "9:oi>p
tI:3»P Port Costa and Way Stations r7:43r
4:(><ii' Martinez. San Kainon. Vallejo,
N.ipa, Calislogu, i:i Verano tut?
SanU Rosa !»:15a.
««««r Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland,
Kuighls Landing, MarysvilU,
Oroville and Sacramento I«:is*
. 4:3Oi' Kileri. San Jose, Livermore and
Stocktoi 7:15p
4:30r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11>4314
Siewp New Orleans ICtpresß.i'resno.Uakers/
HoW, Ij.uiLt i;.ui^ia,l,c.B Auteiet.
Denting, El Paso, New Orleans and
SZaat IOiLiA
Ste«p Santa We Route, Atlantic Kxpreas
for'tojave and East 10: IS a
5:00p Vallej j 11:43 a
•:OOi> Roropean Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:tr>\
«i«llp 11,.\».u.1.5. Niks and San Jose 7:1.1\
17:00 V.-Ulcjo I":i3p
7:OOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Ifc ' line, Portland, l'nget
Sonndaiid East 10:4 « A.
SAM <!{>!/ IHVI%;».N iNarronr <.'»ngpj.
17:43 a Santa Cruz l.x, tirsion. Hanta Cruz
a!. d Pricclpil Way Stations J»:«sp
8:1 5 a Newark, Onteriillt\Naii. lose, Felton,
lioulder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Siller
•*:lsp Newark, Ce'Uerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Velton. Iloulder Creek,
i Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «t 1:20 a
|4:15p Newark. San .lose and l.u.s Catoa.... *'■>:■*» Q^
1 COAST PI VISION (Ililnl A rnmisciiil Sis.)
•6:43 a San .lose and Way Stations (New
Almauen Wednesdays onlj). 9:4~a
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jos&
Stnta Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations J»:3r>p
■:15a Sail .lose, Tivs I'iin,s, Santa Cruz,
?ncilic Orora. Pa«o Robles, Sau
f.iiid 01-ispo, Guadalnpe and Priu- " ' , '
cip:il Way Stations 7:05 p
19:47 a Palo Alto acd Way Stations .'. fl:3op
IU:1Oa San .lose and Way Stations 5:00
I1:3Oa Palo AltO and Way Stations 3:30p
•a::i«i-San Mateo, Menlo Park, .sail Jos^
Gflroy, Ties I'inos, Santa Omc,
BaMnaajMoatwruy ami PacilicGrove *IO:4Oa
■S::{«»p Sun .lose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations »1;3OP
•4;:iOi > San Jo3o mid Way Stations •-»:»>, ;\
5:"Op San .lose and Priucipil Way Stations •»:IMa
O:!IOi- San Jose and Way ions O::t,Yv
,ll:asi- San .lose itml Way Stntio:iB +7:4*»p
>A.> I>r;AMIK«» A.M> HAVVVVKIo LUUAL.
f"-C:OOA") 7 7:15 a
*:OOa I | j«:43a
lo.oou Melro,», Seminary Park, \\?& A J
'"ioor Fitchb«r«r, S»n Lfmidro Vll«p
3:00p I mm! 4:13p
• :00p \ ■■? 4 5:43p
r»:00p vw . r , 6:13r
5:30p naywenis. 7:J
7:«0p 1 » 8:45 p
fl:0Op » Rnns through to Nilea. I ii-
tH:l!sp; From XileB. ( Olaioo?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
*rom S4K PS.IICICC3 — of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0.00 U:Ooa.m. 4i:00 *2:C0 : 13-M
•i:3o tfka -C:::-.m.
r0..! CAK.!.\:iD — col of Broadnj.— i, : 00 8-OC
10:00 A.M. 11840 '1:00 |S:00 *3:00 tlioO
*j:oop.m. ■ .
A for Morning-. • • - ' P or Afternoon
1 Sundays exceptdl. , Saturdays only.
,l •, j ™. * Sundays only.
I ► Monday. Thursday end Sj'nrday nights only.
j .Saturdays and : '•nt^r.ays for ' .-■.»:» On
| FR A.\€!SCO & \ORTII PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
i San Franrlxco to San Rafael.
WEEK T)AYR-7:30, 11:00 A m- ,,.
. 8:80 5:10. 6:30 P. m. Thur^ay S '-Eit« irt»
lil I ™^?* 8 - tl " J^-Kxira- trip. aA:S&
SU^fdo.^o 7 ri 9:30< 11:0 ° *■-■: I*o, 3:30t
Snn KafHel to San Francisco.
I WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10 1110 a «.
■ San Francisco. }*«*% SanScq"
luvs. ,, AV .s. '^-:-i-on. J«
7::>oaw 7:: to vm Novato, 10:40 am BMfii
8:8Onf »:80am PetaJuma, 8:05 fm 10:10 ax
5:10pm|5:00 yM|SHnta Rosa. 7:30 Mi 6:15 ru
_ „_ Fulton, I
7:30 am Windsor, > 10:10 am
Ileald.sbur^, ! "
Ooj-servllle, I
8:30 pm 7:30 am| ClbverUale. j 7:30 ph j 6:15 pm
IMetA,: i
« :30 am ! Hoplan.t * 10:10 am
9:90 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pjc
7:80 am ' 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevlile. 7:30 PM i
3 :30 pmJ i |__ ■ 6:16
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma i 10:10 am 8:40 ax
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellon. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3o ami SebastODOl (10:40 am(10:10 ax
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| - eDH3t °P <>l - [ (j :O r, PM j 6:15 pM
Stajtos connect »t >an:n Komi for Mark West
Springs: at ({eyservllle for sk,^^ Bpeinn; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, X< j ls.-yvil!i\ Soda Hay and uakeport; at
llopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy springs. Haratoga Bprfngs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Pell Lake, Upper Lane, I'orno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Klverslde, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, sanheilrtn Heights. Hullville, Box3tievillf,
Greenwood, Orr"s Mot Springs. M.ndoclao City
Fort Brass, Westpor;, 'sui. • wiiie-s. ( .ihto, Co-
ve!o, l.tiytonviilc. Harris, Scotia and Kisrfka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoed
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. ■>
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle hulldlns.
H.C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
lieu. Muuager. Geu. Pass. Agent,
••'•■ -.;.-■HE KILLED HER
AND THEN HIMSELF,
Engineer George Stutz De
liberately Murders His
Sweetheart.
JEALOUSY THE CAUSE.
Cora Lincoln, the Victim, Was
Once a Bright Theatri
cal Star.
KNOWN UNDER ANOTHER NAME
Since Her Retirement as a Danseuse,
She Has Made a Reputation as
a Sicknurse.
Cora Lincoln, one of the "fairies" in
Tyke's Opera Company and a character
artist and -ianseuse in other Eastern com
binations, met with a horrible death yes
terday morning.
George Btu:z, a former sweetheart, called
MRS. CORA BORDEN' IN STAGE COST L ME.
upon ncr at her lodgings at 336 Polk street
at 10 o'clock in the morning, and while
words of friendship and highest regard
played upon his lips, cajoling the woman
to believe him always her faitnful attend
ant, he nursed a secret intention of mur
liering her and then himself.
It is but a cumulative chapter of the
"penalty of crime."
Two people came together. They loved
without restraint and regardless of all
social conventionalities. One became
tired of the other, who was jealously ex
acting, and in one of the usual quarrels
which were wont to end in a kiss and
make up, Stutz drew a revolver, killed
the woman and then made away with
himself.
1 1 was a clean job, so to epeak. There is
no mystery to it, and the police this time
have no clews to follow. If there are any
in the chamber where the
tragedy occurred.
Captain Lees and his men were early on
the scene, found both bodies, gathered in
their effects and, to their great satisfac
tmn, the whole thine ends there.
Stutz, who i? a German about 36 years of
u^e and a marine engineer, became ac
quainted with Cora Lincoln some two
years ago. She had bern a theatrical star
up to that time, and while her looks were
not calculated to set the hearts of men
afire, ber figure was shapely and her ways
were captivating.
Stutz admired her most in her profes
sion as a danseuse or a* a character artist.
for his room on Howard street was well
decorated with her pictures in costume.
That his affection continued is evinced by
thefactof bis frequent calls upon her at
her rooms long after she left the stage and
became a sicknurse, hiring out at so much
per week.
Cora Lincoln's life was a peculiar one.
Only a very few, and they were old-time
acquaintances, knew her under that name.
As such, the light-tripping, gay, laughing
little blonde with Pyke's Opera Company,
she won many hearts.
Later she was known as Mrs. Cora Bor
den. It was after Her trim figure had fallen
away and only her aplomb and nerve re
mained.
She was no longer fitted for the staee,
but she still had her tact and good nature
to carry her through. She drifted into
the hire of people requiring bright people
about them to cheer them during their
hours of suffering. She made a fair suc
cess, as the following recommendation
will show:
I am about leaving for the East and am
obliged to leave Cora Borden, who has been
with me for son* weeks. She is an excellent
nurse, cheerful and willing— never too tired
to <io anything that will t-ase pain— and her
disposition is so sunny and cheerful that it is
a pleasure to have her around one. She is an
excellent seamstress and dressmaker and, in
short, can mute herself useful in any capacity.
I am writing this very hurriedly, but hope I
here made myself understood, although my
Writing is very un-tearty.
Hakrikt F. "Ki.muai.1,"3203 Pacific avenue.
June 10.
But employment as a sick nurse was not
enough to keep Cora Lincoln-Borden in
funds, so she secured employment m a
dressmaker with Mrs. Mary Barclay inihe
house where the tragedy occurred.
In the meantime George Stutz Kept com
j pany with her, frequently telling his
friends that he worshiped the ground on
which she walked.
Of late Stutz lias been despondent, and
! evidently was in fear that he was losing
j the love of his sweetheart. Their final
I quarrel indicates that lie was in a desper
| ate mood.
The iirst :-hot he fired at her went wide
of the mark. It shattered the wall back
of the sofa and broke a globe in the chan
delier.'
The frightened woman rushed to get
away, but in her fright stumbled, and
while on her knees, resting her head on
the sola, she raised her arms to protect or
hide her face.
The second bullet went through her left
side to her back, killing her immediately.
Mrs. Barclay was not a dozen feet from
the room door before Stutz had committed
suicide as well as murder.
He lired his weapon with his left hand,
blowing out hia brains.
When the officers air. ved on the tcene,
Cora Lincoln's clothes were alire from
the powder of the pistol rirtd at close
ranpe.
Officers Wren and Reynolds went to
George tStutz's room at 843 Howard street.
Mrs. Fields, the landlady, showed them
his room and told them he had been room
ing with her for about a year; that he was
an engineer and that the last steamship he
was on was the Yaqtiina. He had been
out of employment lor some time and was
$12 in debt to her for room rent. In the
closet of Stutz's room they found a box o
45 - caliber center - fire Winchester car"
tridges; five or six had been taken. The
landlady said these cartridges were not in
the closet when she cleaned the room
Monday morning. Stutz, she also stated,
never h&d a woman in his room and that
only one woman ever called to see him
v.hile he roomed there. That was some
time asro, but be was not at home and she
never came again.
She described her as a woman with
short curly hair. Mrs. Fields also said he
never spoke about women and was a very
quiet and gentlemanly man. They found
in the room two valises containing work
ing clothes and a couple of boxes of files in
the room and a hack saw in the closet.
There was no writing of any description.
Stutz's body wa-: taken charge of last
night by the Marine Engineers Associa
tion, of whicii he was a member.
"When Stutz came to this country twelve
j' ears ago he was a member of the steam
schooner Lackme's crew, running to
Alasfea. He also was in the engineers'
department of the steamer San Bias in
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
Mrs. >!:. ry Barclay's statement was
taken down in shorthand by Captain
Lees' man almost immediately after the
shooting. She was an eye-witness of the
proceedings until the time she ran out of
the room, leaving George Stutz and Cora
Borden alone. She made the following
statement:
I have known the dead woman about four
months. I think she was about 34 years of age.
She has lived here with me about a week. Sne
did my dressmaking for me and was sleeping
on my lounge until she could find some work.
This man came in about 103)0 this morning.
I sat on the rockinp-chair ami the woman
(Mrs. Burden) sat on the M>. r a and he sat on a
chair in front of her. He knocked at the door
and asked for Misß Lincoln. She introduced
him to me as George and told me he was a
GEORGE STLTZ-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
friend of hers who occasionally took her out.
She told me she knew him for the past two
years. They talked pleasantly a little while
and she asked him if he got her letter. He
said "No," and she said, "That is funny, 1
wrote for you to come and meet me and I
waited for you some time." The man -said,"! did
I not get any letter yesterday or this morning,"
' and he said that she was lying; that she did
I not write any letter at all. She said, "If lam
lying that is all right," and then he took out
bis pistol and shot her and 1 ran out of the
room, lie did not appear excited when he
came in and did not seem to be drinking; she
was sewing on the lounge. When I ran down
the stairs I heard another shot : this was about
10:30 this morning. The woman had a little
boy stopping over in Oakland; that is all 1
know about her.
Police Officer O. C. Phillips knew Mrs.
Borden when she kept a dressmaking
place on the 400 block on McAllister street.
I His official statement is:
The man went to her place about three
I month* ago and had a quarrel with her, and
on going out he broke a glass door, and the
I woman asked some officer for protection. I
1 don't know which officer. She then left that
I place and moved further down on McAllister,
j and I met the man once going into the place
i where she formerly was; he said he had a key
j and that he paid the rent and was at liberty to
go there. After she moved out I did not hear
of her any more.
Elmer Barbey, son of the landlady at 336
Polk street, where the tragedy took place,
also maae a statement to this effect:
Last night as I came home trom the theater,
about 11 o'clock, I met this man outside. He
inquired if Mr. Barclay lived there? I said
yes, but that it was pretty late for any one to
call that night, and the man replied, "All
right, I will come in the morning," and he
went away. _^^_____^__
POOLS IN A NEW GUISE.
May Go to Sausalito as Commis
sion Houses by Obeying
the Law.
Harry Corbeit's Sugar-Coated Peti
tion Condiliona ly Swal
lowed.
The poolsellers got knocked out in the
fir*t round in Sausalito last ni^ht.
The ball opened when the clerk finished
reading a communication from H. K. Cor
bett, asking permission to open a commis
sion house under such conditions as the
board might see fit to iniDOse.
General Dickinson said he knew of no
law or ordinance prohibiting any man
from opening a commi sioti house to sell
beef, pork or women. Therefore he would
like more information on the nature' of
what Mr. Corbett wanted permission for.
A man named Harrison, a poolseller
from San Francisco, who was present,
said there was a great difference between
a commission hou<e and a poolroom and
proceeded to explain the difference in
favor of Corbett's petition. He evidently
did not convince General Dickinson, as
was shown later, when a vote was taken
on the question of repeaiinz ordinance
No. |3.
In the meantime Corbett can open a
commission house by paying $5 for the
privilege for three months, with the posi
tive understanding that any violation of
ordinance 33 will be severely punished.
Thus General Dickinson and Mayor
Mil" or have set themselves riu'bt on what
was an issue between the residents of that
municipality as to whether the poolrooms
should be permitted to reopen by a repeal
of ordinance 33, which has prohibited
them.
The strong arm of the law has been in
voked to stop the pool-selling, and "Eng
lish Bill" .Tackman, who was arrested,
was fined $100 by the Justice of the Peace.
This victory for the Goddess of Justice
has in a measure qviieted the fears of the
'•hill" people that there would be pool
shops on the "front."
In the meantime the "front"' people
have not been idle, and whiie they all
recognize that the law must be enforced
as long as it remains on the ordinance
book, the only thing to be done is to have
it repeated, and a new law passed by the
Trustees licensing pool-selling at a penalty
of $100 per month.
This gilded bait has taken so well that
in a petition circulated for the repeal of
the obnoxious ordinance, 195 voters out of
330 signed in favor, while scarcely any
have signed the counter petition for the
retention of the law as it is.
The reason as given by the people on
the "hill" for tbeir indifference as to sign
ing 8 petition to retain the law is their
confidence in the Board of Trustees to
stand firm with a stiff spinal column and
refuse to repeal.
This confidence in the Trustees would be
maintained if Trustee Bperry was present,
because he is aectdedly ODPO.-ed to turn
ing Sausalito into a second Monte Carlo,
even with the advantage of bringing $1000
montblv into the small treasury-box. But
with Mr. Sperry absent and General
Dickiiifon's record of defending the pool
sellers on this side of the bay and Trustee
Ambjornson in an awkward position on a
rickety fence leaves them to pin their faitn
to Mayor Miller, with sufficient bracing
on the general dignity and manliness of
Genera! Dickinson to stand up for the
good name of the town and the wishes of
the better element of the residents who
are opposed to the opening of gambling
dens in their town.
TOOK THEIR QUEUES.
j Bow Mmosoo's Three Littln Chinese
A«tors Were Frightened Out of
the Theater.
Morosco has three little Chinese boys
I who tate part in the naval drama now be
ing given at the Grand Opera-house, and
the securing of the small Asiatics has been
attended with trouble galore. In the first
place their parents had to be satisfied that
the youngsters would not b* bewitched or
given the evil eye or some other dread dis
ease, and then the boys themselves had to
' be coaxed.
During the first rehearsal the Chinese
\ fathers were present to witness the per
formance and test the question of their
children's safety. They stood in the wings
and when in one of the acts a player
rushed off the stage with a revolver in his
hand, with madness in his rolling eye
balls, the Mongols struck out for China
town.
After much persua c ion and an increase
of salary for the young actors, the little
fellows were brought back to the theater.
As is well known, a Grand Opera drama ii
; filled with the smoke and thunder of war,
and when the lirst gun was fired there was
a hurried <xit. The place on the stage
i where the infant Chinese stood were empty,
but Police Sergeant Con boy, patrolling on
I Mission street, y.'iw three small pigtails
wliisk by him und heard the (lapping of
three small blouses in the night wind ere
! Chinatown received thema^ain within her
dark but protecting arms.
"They took their cues with them," said
Conboy, who is a punster of a high order,
and knows a theatrical joke when he
sees it.
TIRED OF LIFE.
A Young Milkman Who Took Poison
.'■ ••< .iv-<- of Despondency.
Gotleb Faver, a lad 18 years of age, who
was employed as a milker at a dairy on
the San Bruno road, became despondent
yesterday and swallowed a dose of strych
nine. He was dispatched to the City and
County Hospital, where the usual reme
dies in case oi poisoning were applied.
The physician who attended him states
that he has hopes of his immediate re
covery.
Will Close Early.
The Retail Hatters' Association of this City
nan pas.-cd a resolution to close their places of
business Saturday, July 4, at 1 o'clock.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 15 Grant avenue.
JUDGE CAMPBELL
AS A PUGILIST,
With One Blow He Knocks
Out His Clerk, T. B.
O'Brien.
THE LIE WAS PASSED.
Culmination of Several Months'
Bad Feeling Between the
Two.
WHAT LED TIP TO THE TROUBLE
The Court Had to Be Adjourned Be
cause the Clerk Was Not in
His Place.
Pugilism is in the air, and even the judi
ciary lias not escaped the infection, as was
exemplified by Judge Campbell yesterday.
The victim of the Judge's wrath was his
clerk, Tom O'Brien, and it was the cul
mination of several months' bad feeling
that has existed between them. The Judge
has on more than one occasion commented
from the bench upon O'Brien's dereliction
of duty, and in private O'Brien has retali
ated by calling the Judge a fakir and
threatenfng to "do him up" at the next
election.
Yesterday, shortly before noon, Larry
Buckley, who was acting as clerk, had
stepped out for a few minutes and the
Judge had just called a robbery case.
"Where is the clerK?" asked the Judge,
and receiving no answer he said : "This
sort of nonsense must be stopped. It is
time for O'Brien to understand that he
must stay here and attend to the business
of the court. We will adjourn till 2 o'clock
or until the clerk can attend to h'.s duties."
The Judge put on his hat, picked up his
cane and walked into the Prosecuting
Attorney's room. O'Brien happened to be
there. The Judee at once charged him
with neglecting his duties and told him he
would not stand his conduct any longer.
This led to a battle of words, till finally
O'Brien shouted, "You're nothing but a
fakir and a iiar."
"No man can call me a liar with im
punity," rejoined the Judge, and la an in
stant he shot out bis risrht list, which
landed squarely on O'Brien's left temple,
and he dropped to the floor like a log.
The Judge's blood was up, and he raised
his foot, but before he could administer
the threatened kick- Policeman Bailey in
tervened, and the Juuge, alter casting a
look of contempt upon the prostrate form
of his clerk, walked out of the room and
went to lunch.
O'Brieii, who bad been completely dazed
by tlie blow, staggered to his feet after thu
Judge had lift and b- gan pouring out his
vials of wrath upon the Judge's head,
characterizing him as a "carpetbagger," a
"faKer" and a "liar." Then he was led
away by some of bis friends nnd did not
make his appearance in court again.
When court was convened at 2 o'clock
the Judge said: "Perhaps it was an undig
nified proceeding to thrash O'Brien, but
although I am a Jodyre ' am only human,
and I will allow no man to call me a liar.
Besides, this man O'Brien has been saying
insulting things about me In court here
and also in the hotel where we are stop
ping for months past, and it had got be
yond endurance.
"He has been grossly neghctful of his
duties and has brought the court into con
tempt. The other day I convicted a man
for beating a woman and ordered him to
appear for sentence next morning. The
case was not on the calendar next morn
ing ana I forgot about it for two or three
days, when it was called to my attention
j that the man was in prison. I spoke to
I O'Brieii about it and he turned up his
calendar where he had marked the case
dismissed. That is only one instance, and
the worst of it is that 1 am bound by the
clerk's record."
The little finger of the Judge's right
hand was cut anu swollen from the effects
of the biow.
THOSE TELEPHONE ORDERS
City and County Attorney Cres
well Renders an Opinion
on Them.
The Measure Proposed by Herman de
Laguaa Declarel to B3 the
Most Complete
In reply to the communication recently
gent to City and County Attorney Cres
well Dy the Board of SapervUota regard
ing the tdepnone franchise, the legal ad
viser of the City has returned the follow
ing:
To the Honorab'e, the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County of Han Francisco — Gentle- |
men: 1 am In receipt of your communication '
dated June 9, 1890, inclosing resolution No. !
14.540 (third series). Accompanying said reso- j
lution were two tnunk orders, offered by the |
Peo;>!u's Telephone company and Herman de i
Lag act respectively, M ionns lor the proposed |
granting of a franchise for a competitive tele
phone company in the City and County of San
Francisco.
I liavo carefully examined these proposed
franchises, as requested by your honorable
boiird, together with certain amendments sub
mitted by the parties interested.
The form of iranchise submitted by the Peo
ple's Telephone Company contains the maxi
mum charge of $3 per month rental for encti
telephone instrument and cents for each ami
every switch; while the form submitted by .Mr.
de Laguna contains a scale uf charges for
monthly rental and twitches, and among them
is on« for $3 per mouth rental utul 3 ceutseach
for switches. 1 have not-sufficient pr«ctical
knowledge to determine which is the cheaper
of the two proposals for the patrons of the
telephone service. Each form contains a
maximum rate, which is of itself a vuarantee
of competition with any company making a
greater charge.
The form submitted by the People's Tele
phone Company contains a provision that the
City shall receive the free use of forty tele
phones wihiu two years after the granting of
the franchise, while the form submitted by
Mr. de Laguua gives the City 100 telephones
free of charge for the lirst ten years of the life
of the company and fifty additional thereafter.
This is a material concession in favor of the
City an.i County in the form submitted by Mr.
de Laguna and greater than in the other.
Each form provides f.'r the payment iuto the
treasury of the City and County o/ per cent
of the gross earnings of the company receiving
the franchise.
The form of jranchise submitted by Mr. de
Laguua in the regulation of the business of a
telephone company With and in a city.is much
more complete than the form of the People's
Mutual Telephone Company.
1 herewith return thj proposed franchises
nubmiitcrt with your communication and the
proposed amendments wnich aeccuropanied
the same. Harry T. CIUMWBLL,
Attorney and Counselor.
June ii'J, 18S)o.
NO MORE EXAMINATIONS
Applicant* for Postal Positions Must
Wait Another Twelve
Months.
There will be no more civil service ex
aminatiom for postal positions until Feb
ruary, 1897. The list is full to overflowing
now and the examination scheduled for
August has been postponed uiml the time
named. The following letter to the secre
tary of the local Board of Postal Inspect
ors fully explains the situation :
United States Civil Skrvice Commission, j
Washington, L». C, June 18. j
Secretary Postal Board, San Francisco, Cat.—
Sib: Acting upou the information contained
in the statement made by you after your con
ference wUh the Postmaster, to the effect that
the existing registers are sufficient to meet the
demands of the service until February next,
the commission has ordered that the examina
tion scheduled to be held in August be can
celed.
Your board is directed to notify the public
of thus action through the press and to send v
special noticf to each person who has an ap
plication on file.
All applications now on file in complete
form will be Rood for the next examination
held, but no further applications will be ac
cepted until receipt of orders from the com
mission. Very respectfully,
John R. Procter, President.
• — ♦ — *
Not the State Organizer.
The following communication is self-ex
planatory:
Editor of The Call: M. 11. Wilkens, who, it was
stated in last wtek's CALL, hud been accused of
deiraudlug several members of (be Wood sen of
the World in this City was not, as first reported.
State organizer for that order. He held a com
mission only as a local organizer, working under
the direction of State Organizer W. A. Peabody Of
Los Angeles. Yours respectfully, -\..~
P. F. Gji/boy,
Consul-Commander Golden Gate Camp JSo. 61,
\V. O. W.
NEW TO-DAY.
.v,t j>L .
■■■ y H Jl% }»
Don't you want to free your.
self from the stealthy serpenl
which is slowly eating away
your manly strength? Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt will help you.
Every man has sown his wild
oats to some extent before he
reaches the age of manhood, and
there is in every man more
or less of the effect of his early
indiscretions.
You yourself know better than
anybody else how weak you are.
You have felt the ravages oi
nervous waste in your body, and
you know that sooner or later it
will show in your face. You
should get Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt to-day.
It is the serpent — nervous
— which slowly take;
from under you the very foun-
dation of your nerve power — oi
your manhood. Destroy it-
cleanse "your system of its pres-
ence. You can do this with
electricity given with Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt.
Electricity is the life of the
nerves. Vv hen the nerves are
! filled with it there is no chance
for disease to exist. If you will
I charge your nerves with elec-
tricity you can drive out forever
the serpent that is slowly de-
stroying your life. '
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
the ideal of all progressive
physicians for restoring wasted
manhood, has made thousands
of men happy. It has reclaimed
their manhood and set a new
standard of manly vigor.
. You will feel the effect of the
electricity right away, and it
will infuse such confidence into
you that you will soon forget
your troubles.
The following are extracts
from letters recently received :
"1 am a laboring man and for many
years was a sufferer from seminal weak-
ness, which debilitated me to a great ex-
! tent, and up to the time I purchased your
! Belt I was so weak that on many occasions.
j 1 would have to give up my work. I wore
j the Belt continuously at nignt for three
, months, and at the end of that time I was
j well and strong. I cannot say too much
! in praise of your Belt and do not intend to
I part with mine the rest of my life, for it
i will make any man rest well."
P. H. GALE, Indio, Cal.
"I would lite to add my testimony to
numerous others in possession of Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt Company. I pur-
chased a No. 7 Beit from Dr. Sanden about
I the first of April, which I used according
ito directions; and after three months'
trial I am happy to state that my Van-
cocele, Which was of twelve years' stand-
ing, is almost entirely disappeared, my
j testicles being almost normal. I take
resit pleasure in recommending this Belt
to any one suffering from like trouble."
Respectfully yours, W.E.JOHNS,
Iso. 1139 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
"The Belt I got from you a little over a
month ago is all you claim for it. It has
done what no other remedy would do in
my case. Thankini you most sincerely."
I remain, respectfully yours,
RICHARD HOLMES,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles Co., Cal.
A great many people know
nothing of Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt, because they have never
taken the trouble to look it up.
A little book,
"Three Classes of Men,"
By Dr. Sanden, will interest
you. It is sent by mail, sealed,
for the asking. Send for it, or
call at the office and examine
this health-giving appliance.
Consultation free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
830 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Oitice hours; 8 a. h. 10
8:30 p. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. ;
OFFICES AT:
; LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.,
'Mi £outa Broadway, j 253 Washington street.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
SUMMER HOIPECmLS!
LADIES' KNIT UNDERWEAR!
Cut Down to 40 Cents E#ch.
LADIES' COTTON VESTS, iv H. N., L. b. and 11. N. B. y., drawers to match in ankle and knee
lengths. Extra value.
Cut Down to 25 Cents Each. .
FINE EGYPTIAN VESTS, in L. >\, N. S., white and ecru.
Cut Down to 75 Cents Each.
SPECIAL QUALITY— A LINE OF LADIES' SWISS IUBBED BUAIJMEK WEIGHT WOOL
VESTS, In L. N., N. a., In white, black, pink and corn color.
Cut Down to 50 Cents Each,
FINE TRIMMED EMBROIDERED GtNTB' NIGHTSHIRTS, In white and colored.
HOSICTIY,
LADIES' SUPER QUALITY BLACK COTTON HOSE, double aoles, heels and toes.
Cut Down to 25c a Pair.
LADIES' SPUN SILK FINISH BLACK COTTON HOSE, double soles, heels and toes.
Cut Down to 35c a Pair— 3 Pair for $1 00.
ODD LOT OF LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSE, worth 35c pair.
Cut Down to 15c a Pair.
SE lIA.I3IiA ESFAXOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILIjE IDE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
Fire Insnrancs Company
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF j
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1895. and for the year ending on that day, as ]
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the State I
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
lions 610 aud 611 of the Political < ode, condensed
as per blank furnished Dy the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash f 500,000 00
ASSETS. ~ ™~
Real Estate owned by Company ... $255,014 31
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,101,254 13 i
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bands owned by Company 789,916 65
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, stocks, and her mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 55,200 00
Cash in Company's Office 11, 55-' 84
Cash in Banks 76,383 75
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 624 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 21,695 79
Premiums in due Course of Col.ec-
tion 91,616 51
Items due and accrued 1,105 65 j
Giouud ltents well secured 6,320 00 ,
. Total assets $2,409,584 53 |
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid.. $19,556 07
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in suspense 122,549 85
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 28,128 19 i
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, $957,-
-219 08, reinsurance 50 percent. 478,609 54
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning more than one year, 9890,-
-217 11, reinsurance pro rata.... 374,248 41
Amount reclaimHble by the Insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance
policies 663,632 17
missions and Brokerage due and
* tobecomeuue 13,742 41
Total liabilities $1,600,466 64
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. $1,184,164 07 !
Received tor Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 59,485 06
Received tor interest and dividends
on Bonds, stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 41,077 66
Received for net Perpetual Pre-
miums 5,192 92
Received from all other sources 8,921 05
Total income. .'. $1,298,840 76
- ' ■
KXPKJfDITUKES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses •
(including 5206.392 31 losses 01 *
previous years) 8826,672 70
Dividends to stockholders 27,500 00
Pi.ii! or a! owed for Commission or
Brokerage.... 213,185 64 !
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges lor ollicis, clerk etc. . 103,750 00
Paid for Stale, National and local
taxes 32,093 97
All other I'aymeots and .expendi-
tures. 100.993 06
Total expenditures $1,304,195 37
Fire Losses incurred
during the year $790.514 50
BISKS ANT) PRJ2- I
mums. , Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ' : "». "
Risks written dur-
the year ! $114,799,046 $1,460,028 76
Net amount of
Risks expired dur- i
Ing the year I 126,392,100 1,637,226 67
Net amount in
fore December
31,1895 I 146,568,897 1,847,436 19 I
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHARD JUA His l , secrets-try.
Subscribed nml sworn to before me this 22d day i
of Jat.uury, 189ti.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-9 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at ]
Moderate Pi ices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.08
SUITS made to order from 5.00 i
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
20! and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!) !
724 Market St. 111G 4 1112 Market St. i
SAN FRANCISCO. j
IB THE VERY litoT OXK TO ■ fcXAMINg
J. your eyes and tit tnem to Spectacles and Ky»-
Slashes with instruments of nil own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. Mjr »iu>
C*ss has been due to the menu 01 uty war*,
Office Hours— i- to 4r. v. : •'V-'/^ASi
OOSMOPOIjITAIXr.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 101) and 10 FifUi st., '. Hit
Francisco, Ual.— The most select family hotsl 1 3
the city. .Board ana room, $1, $1 -5 and $1 5J Pac
cay, according to room. Meau '^60. Koomj, ii
anil 7 60 a day. Js'ren coaca 10 auU from tas biMai.
Look, tor the coacu bean ti£ me nauad o( m 004.
nojwlnuu JU.ot.ttL. Wit t'AUiiil ttuuctebjfc
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS 'yJ
OF THE «/ "N-.
SVEA
Fire ail Life Insurance Company
*■>.«.- •- A
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of th- 1 State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litltui Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Incaah $533.333 83
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company. $742,583 33
Loans on bond and mortgage 1,999,914 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
' oonds owned by company 1,607,3-13 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 752, 46
Cash in company's office 3,682 3'J
Cash In banks 230,686 67
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks ami loons 59,466 78
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 39,204 64
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine ilsks 148,69'J 83
Due from other companies 218,363 73
Total assets. $5,802,456 88
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense f 93,333 33
Gross premiums on fire risks run- ")
nlng one year or lees, reiosur- ,'
ancesoper cent I ..,, , ttn , M
Gross premiums on tire risks run- f *-ii»w 00
ning more than one year, rein- j
ranee pro rata j
Liability under life department. . . 3,818,829 04
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 6,652 80
All other demands against the com-
pany 228.235 41
Total liabilities $4,568,451 16
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums. 169,325 19
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stock.?, loans and from
all other sources 414,389 65
Received for life insurance pre-
miums 659,947 39
Total income. $2,143,662 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $583,502 59
Dividends to stockholders 3ii,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 315,049 64
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 157,656 59
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,035,982 67
Total expenditures $2,124,091 49
i
bisks <& premiums. j Fire Risks. j Premiums.
Net amount of risKßj
w ritiea during tbe
year $363,521,590 11,659,334 51
Net amount of risks i
expired during the
year. 171,674,582 747,924 61
Net amount in f ree
December 31, 1895.' 161,354,999 421.400 58
T. Kl> LBVIBBON, Vice-President.
M. OLBERs. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Bth day
of April, 1890.
UUDAI. A KERM ARK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
4 07— MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
■
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
PChlcheater's EnelUb Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
— <J»^V Original sad Only t>enulae. A
yt( ffcvok ■••*■« »iw»jr« reliable, ladies «k jflf\
X-fl J»*s». Prugcist for Chichattrt Englith Di»-ff£<.
ffW&*i4fPQ t .™nd Brand In Kod »n.I ■-- tlii mrM\\a\\Bf
T^ -— T^aWhoxef sealed with bin* ribbon. TaWe \H^ '
I*! 3K» VvJ no ether. Btfu** dangrroui tubtliff V
[ I ~ fjfiiont and imitation*. At Druggists, wmil*,
I 2?" in it&mpf tor part iei*l art. tcttiiacnikU anti
V "C* . J9p " Relief for Ladlea," in letttr, b» retard
-V JF Mall. 1 0,000 T<-iUnen!»l.. Sum* Paper.
• ._>-— "rcklchcrter Chemical C* t *U<)Uan ««a«i «*
•wl bj tui Lush Dhhiui*. rkUa4^.Ftk
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OK THE MAKRETS.
Silver steady.
Wheat dul . Freights weak.
Barley easy and quiet.
Corn firm. Oats dull.
Rye lower and quiet.
Hay plentiful and lower.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans continue neglected.
No change in Flour.
Hides and Leather dull.
Wool sells rather better.
Hops still nestlected.
Potatoes weak.
White Onions offering.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak.
More Kasiern roultry due.
reaches and Apricots selling well.
Berries still cheaper.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Dried Fruits dull.
Honey in moderate request.
Raisins firm. 8
Hams st. ff. Bacon and Lard strong.
Beef steady. Veal and Lamb lower.
Mutton in demand. Hogs higher.
Gram Furs steady.
Coal onchanged.
nils as before.
Increased exports of Wine.
KXPOKTS OF WINE.
Exports of California Wine from the State during
the first five months of 1896 were 7.7»1, 740 gal
lons, against 6,974,700 gallons during the same
period In 1895.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple Groceries at this port during
the first live months of 1896, compared with the
game period in 1896. were as follows: Sugar 205,
--673.000 lbs, against 179.168 500: Coffee 13. 75,
--000 lbs. a-ainM 174,000; I: Ice 25,638.000 lbs,
nzninst 36,960,000: Tea 710,390 lbs, against 557,
--850.
fxp'.Tnation.
Tit* arrow ni«swl:h the wind. Th» top figure*
at nation indicate maximum temperature for th«
lays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hm.dredths,
Serins: the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
li»»!(. connect points of eo.-,;al air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. 'Jh«
word "bi«:h" means hish barometric pressure and
la usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by c'.oudy weather and rains.
"Lows'" usually first a.p(i»»r on tue Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th« interim
and low along the coast, and the inoban extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain so. ah 01 Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ; h.- vicinity of Idaho', an.l
the pressure falling to the California" coaat. warmer
weather may he expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. ihe reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite lesult-
W£ATHKB BUREAU REPOIIT.
United >TATI3 Department of Agriccl
ti-rk. WEATHKRBrRKAIT, SAN Francisco, J une
23, I>>9B, sp. -M. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day :
Eureka 58, Red Blurt 9 6 -au trancisco 70,
Fresno 104. San Luis Obispo 78, Los Angeles 78,
San Diego 66, Yuma 106.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 70,
minimum 54. mean 6_.
The pressure is highest this evening in North
western Wash'.ngto 1 and lowest in southeastern
Caliioruia. There has been a considerable fall In
pressure throughout Central »nd Southern Califor
nia und in vada and Utah during the past
twenty-four hours. Hich temperatures continue
to prevail throughout the interior of the State ex
cept in the extreme northern portion, where it
has become about five dfgrets cooler. Unusually
high north winds have prevailed throughout '.he
Sacramento and lower San Joaquin Valleys, which
on account of the hi»:h temperature am extreme
drynesa are likely to result in some injury. They
will probably continue in the Sacramento Valley
Wednesday.
Fort-cast made at ?sn Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, June 24.1?9t>.
Northern Ca iforu la— Fair Wednesday, warmer
in the rortueast por ion; brisk to high northerly
winds: a hot norther in the interior.
southern California— Fair Wednesday: brisk
westerly winds
Nevada— Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Utah — Wednesday.
Ar 300a — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
high westerly winds Wednesday afternoon.
W. 11. Uammon, Forecast Official.
NEW TURK MAKKETS.
Financial.
NF.W YORK. N. V.. June 23.— Rumors relative
to Cuban affairs current yesterday led to a gharp
rise in prices a: the opening of the Slock Ex
change to-day. In the rise of i/g®! per cent,
which occurred doling the first half hour of busi
ness, Sagta and the Internationals wer? most
prominent. After the traders had covered their
shorts the market, which had been unusually
active, drifted into dullness once more. .Sugar
then loomed up into prominence and on heavy
selins broke from 12U to 117%. The liquidations
in this specialty were on a beaw»cale. 'I he re
cent decline in the price of refined and the demcr
nlized condition of the market for raws have
created quite a bearish feeling on the stock, but
the tr»d«-rs wcra not inclined to make any demon
s r»: nn until to-day, when it was found that sup
port had been withdrawn.
With this discovery they put out short contracts
and their sales st orbed speculative lines and
the price dropped 14 per cent at a time. The
weakness i-xtenderf to General Klectric and a de
clltiefrom 31% 10 291.4 ensued. Railway issues,
alter the early rixe noted, developed weakness,
which was natural in view of the heaviness of
sugar certificates. While the decline trom ihe top
of toe diy was equal to '/bfiulVg per cent the ac
tive issues show net losi>-s"ot only Vfc©% per
cent. Manhattan gained % per cent and sugar
lost 2% p'-r cent.
The activi y and advance in silver was a feature
of the day's work, oo c r 500,000 ounces having
b*n traded in at the board at advancing figures.
.Speculation cosed weak In tone, 1o al sales were
1h8.3?i0 shares.
The bond market wss lower: sales footed up
$860,000. Kansas Pacific consolidated sixes cer
ilfkatt-8 fell 2V4 to 70; Kansas and Texas seconds,
1 t067 ;i ,4: Oregon Improvement first ' sixes, 2to
86: do consolidated Jives certificates, V 3 to 12.
In Government t.oi;ds $3V,000 coupon fours of
1925 so:d hi 117%; $15,000 registered fours of
1907 at 108%.
< rain.
FLOUR — Kasy; Winter wheat, low
grades, $1 70@2 55; do. fair to fancy, $■_• 4?@
3 45; do patents, $3 70@3 90: Minnesota clear,
%'l 40ra2 »0: do straights. $2 95@3 55: do
patents. $3 25@4 20: low extras, $1 70@3 25;
city mills, 34: do patents, $4 20©4 25; rye. mix
ture, $2 40@3 10; superfine, $1 60@2 25: tine.
gl :«<v.' U.'.' Southern flour dull, easy: common
to fair extra. $2 10@2 70: good to choice do, $2 70
(a.%. • Kye flour quiet and ea«ty at $2 40@2 Hi).
COKNMKaL— DuII, steady: yellow Western,
$2 060 i 10: Brandy wine. «j 16.
RVK— Quiet, easy; Mate. 40^ic, S. o. b.:
Western. 38rc>39c.
BAKLKY-a3%<S34c. ; Vf
J{,\l:Ll-.Y malt— oull: Western, 48@50c
WHEAT- More active, firmer; f. 0. b.,
71 1 ■■■ c: ungraded red, 62@>72c; No. 1 .Northern,
66i^c.
Options opened weak and declined i/il&s/gc on
easier cab'es, foreign seillne and local realizing,
rallied «/B®% c with ihe W>st, tell VfaC and closed
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMBffLuCK & CO.,
4 Leiclesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954
BRANCH OFFICE
623 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. POTBOY, Manager. -
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference list National Bank, (*. I.
CHICAOU : PRIVATE WIKK. ABW YORK.
steady at Vfe® I*o1 * 0 over yesterday. September
ana July most active. No. 2 red. June and July
63c; August, 63c; September, 633/ c; December,
65 Vie
CORN— PuII, firm: wo. a, 34c elevator,
35c afloat.
Options were VgC lower and steady with a better
demand; September and July only traded in.
June, 33% c: July, 34c: September, 35c.
OATS— DuII, weaker.
Options easier, dull; July, 28VisC: August, 20 3 ,4 c;
September. 21i/8
spot prices: -No. '2. 21%<-: No. 2 white, 23%@
235/4 c; No. -I Chicago, 22y 2 c; .No. 3. 20% c: No 3
white, 23c; mixed Western, 22@23c: Western arid
white state. 24£2& c
KEEO BRAN— SO@SSc.
MIDDLINGS— 6Oc
RYE— Feed, 55c.
Pro vision*.
BKEF— Steady: quiet: family, $8 50(39: extra
moss, $6(3)7. Beef hams, dull, nominal: $14 So<&ls.
'Jierced beef, dull, steady: city extra India mess,
$ll<ii>lH. Cut meats, quiet, firm; pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 414 c: do shoulders, 414 c; do bams,
l.Ah Li— steady, quiet: Western steam. $4 30@
4 35; city. $4 30@4 40; July, $4 45: refined, dull;
Continent. $4 45: -south American, $5; com
pound, 4@41/4C.
PORK-Firm demand; old mess. $8 25@3 50:
new, $8 76(ay.
BUTTE&— Sttad.v, fair demand: state, dairy,
10@15c; do creamery, ll%ra'ls%c: Western
dairy, 8 1 /2(3> 111 2 r : do creamery, 11%®15y 2 c;
do factory, Siallc; Elgtns, 15y a c; imitation
creamery, 10@12c.
CHKKSK— Quiet, held steady: State, large, 634
@7c: do small, 5y 2 @7y±e; l" art skliiis, 2if1,4%c;
full skims. ]%@2c.
BOOS— Freely offered: State ana Pennsylvania,
12@12%c: Western fr.gh, 10%@12c; do per case,
$1 50@-J"Sft.
TALLOW — Dull; nominal.
COTTONSEED OIL— Easier; Crude. 20% c; do
off grade, 2434 c: prime yellow, 248<@25c.
RESlN— steady; quiet; strained, common to
gool, $1 70
TURPENTINE— Firm: 2534@26%c.
COFFEE— steady: unchanged to 1O points up;
; July, $11 65: August, $10 85; September, $10 45;
I October, $10 15; March, $9 85@9 90. Spot Rio
i dull; easy; No. 7. 13c
SUGAR— Raw dull: easier: fair reflninsr. 3c;
centrifugals. 96 test, 3 Vie; refined quiet; easy ; un
changed.
1 niit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8y 2 rai2c.
ACHES— Peeled, «i Ib, 12@13c; do nnpHlta,
1 6%<ssc.
PRUNES— Four sizes nominal, sc.
RAISINS-Two-crown loose Muscatel, 3V4®
i 3%c: do three-crown, 4V4 l- a'4%c: do tour-crown,
i 4V 2 (5b5c: do London layer*" 90c(gi$l.
HOI'S— Quiet, steady. state common to choice.
-'■^i&8c; I'acilic Coast. 'ji.. ; .
WOOL— steady, fairly active; domestic fleece,
16(g-21c; pulled, 15(3,b3c; Texas, 7@l2c,
Merchandise.
Pin IRON-Qniet. American, *10 50r»213.
COPPER-Dull; lake. SI 1 60913
LEAD-Quiet; domestic. *3 02* a 05.
UN-Quiet; straits. SKi 45@13 557
PLATES— Moderately active.
fcl'is;Lix,xx-Qinet; domestic, *4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, 11.1., June 24.— V. ry little Of any
■ thing other than scalping was seen in wheat trad
, ing today. A widespread complaint at the lifeless
i condition of business continues to be h ard and
i the popular theory for 'inactivity is the a*>
; proach of the Presidential campaign. Local opera
tors furnish much of the orders to-day and few of
these were large enough to affect prices materi
ally. The receipt of 820 cars from the northwest
this morning against 664 last Tuesday and 18SI a
year ago tended 10 depress the fi-elii-g early, but
the baying of a little wheat by shorts rallied the
market equal :o the previous decline.
Chicago received twenty- five cars and inspected
I out 16,590 bushels. Liverpool cables were 14 d
I lower. streets announced a decrease in the
j world's stocKs of 5.003,000 bushels, which had the
effect of tinning prices after noon. (losing Paris
! and Antwerp cables were lower. Berlin was un
■ chanced to i/± mark higher. Export clearances
wire fair at 397.392 busies. September Wheat
' opened from 5"s /g c to 57 %c, sold between 57Vs<"
i and 58c. closing at 573 /4 c, V^c higher than yester-
I day. hstimaed receipts for to-morrow lorty-nine
j cars.
CORN— Favored a declining course In which re
spect it agreed wit 1 the earner tone of wheat, and
was probably influenced to a greater or lea- extent
1 by tuat grain. The receipts were Urge at 55 cars,
I a factor which was also detrimental. Withdraw
| als from store were large at 438,9 35 bushels.
Liverpool cables were quiet. Bradstreets reported
; a decrease in available stocks of 133,000 bushels.
Export clearance* were 207.791 bushels, Septem
ber corn opened at '_'H" 8 (a)-9c. sold between '.:9c
and 28'&@28%c, closing at 27%@29c a shade
■ under yesterday. Estimated receipts for tomor-
I row 268 cars.
j OATS— HeId an easy position both on their own
■: merits as well as through their relationship with
j the other grains. Receipts were large at 479 cars,
1 and 152,202 bushels were taken from store Ex
■ port clearances amounted to 171,958 btuheis
j Bradstreets reported an increa-e in stocks of 262,
--! 000 bushels September oats closed '.l^Yif* un
der yesterday, Estimated receints for to-morrow
190 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 79c: July. 78y 2 cb'.d;
September, 8OI.4C; December, B*_ >l Receipts
were 20 cars.
I PROVISIONS— Profited at the start by a bet
! ter feeling in the hog market, but the lack of con
i fidence in values exhibited in the other markets
I did not permit of the retention for lone of the in
itial improvement. When wheat displayed tirrn
! nets during the last hour, product also made a
j slight gain. September pork closed 5c higher than
1 yesterday ; September lard and rids each a shade
j higher.
I BUTTERJ-The market was quiet to-day. Offer-
I ings were fairly liberal, and the demand moderate.
I The feeling was easy, but prices were unchanged.
i Creameries— Extras. 14y 2 c; firsts, 13@14c: sec
j onds. lUial-c: imitations, fancy, 12c Dairies-
Extras, 12r; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras, lOfilOVaC; firsts, B%@9c; packing stock,
>•! ; roll, 6(g,7c.
1 KOOb- The demand was good with supplies
; moderate. Fret,b stock, 9y 2 (&10%c $ dozen.
; .MONEY— Was 610, on call and t% on
i time loans. New 1 01 «i exchange sold at 60c
premium.
Closing; Prices.
WHEAT— June. r>ay a c; July, 56% c: Bep
tember. 57 %c
< oiN — June. 27% c; July. 27»4c; September,
28%@-9c.
OAits— July. 163/ 8 @16%c; September. 17c
POHK— July. $7 02%: September, $7 20.
LAUD— JuIy, *4 05 September, *4 20.
BIBS— «3 72%; Septemoer, $3 90.
* Livestock.
i ION FTOCKYARDS, 111.. June 23— An
I average Tuesday's supply of cattle was on sale to-
I day. The demand was good a d prices held firm.
Offering's of hogs were light. The demand was
lively, and prices recovered yesterday's toss of sc.
The sheep market was active and strong.
i CATTLK — Heceiots. 3500. Fancy beeves,
i $4 45&4 50: cnoice to prime. 1300 to 1800 pound
; steers. $4 20(<£4 40*. eood to choice steers. 1200
{ to 1600 pounds. $4 00ra,4 16: medium steers, 1000
to ) 600 pounds. $. . B.j(ai3 95: common to fair steers.
I 950 to 1300 pounds. $3 50Cd>H 80: feeders.
I SOU to 1200 pounds. $3 45@3 85; common to choice
slocKers. S2 7t>'n,"i 45: uu'.ls, choice to extra. S'2 hO
1 (a.3 25: bu Is, poor to choice, $2 25©2 85;
i cows and heifers, extra, .*8 60(^4 00; cows,
fair 10 choice. $2 309 50: cows, common to fair
I canners'. *1 25@ - J 25: calves, good to choice.
!$4 60 'A 5 '.5: caves, common to rood, $3®
4 50: Texas steers. «2 &o@3: l>xas steers. $3 10
laii-f 85: Texas cows ana bulls, %2 10^12 76; milkers
ana springers, pei bead, S»o'a.3s
HOGS— Keceipt % 000. Heavy packing ana
' shipping lots, $3 05(53 30: common to choice
; mixed. {3 05r<£3 40: choice assorted, $3 4533 CO;
! light, $3 23<53 55: pigs. $2 80(A3 65.
SHEEP— Keceipts. 6000. interior to caoio*,
! »2t4. :lU.ui, $3^6 40. >.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N.Y., June 23.— The Ear! Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the Union Auc
i tion to-day, realizing prices as follows: Cherries
j Black -Republicans, $1 65@2 40 per box: Royal
! Anne, $1 55@2 30: Black Tartarian. $2@2 25;
i Black Blgareau. $1 75@2 25; Napoleon B.gareau,
91 fcs. Thirteen hundred boxes cherries grossed
over $2600.
Porter Bros. Company's sales were: Prunes—
Tragedy, %'Ma.l 60. Plums— *3 56: Abun
-1 dance. $3 2503 45: Japan. $3 20; Hatoukin,
$3 05: Clyninn, 91 16ia2 20: Koeni-r Claod',
P. oval Hative, Brills. $l«g»l 40: Cherry. $1. 'her
rles-Republicans. $2: Royal Anne, $1 7;Va>l 90;
in half-boxes, $1 30. Peaches— a lexanaer.t," $1 05
J 01 30. Apricots— «orals, 90c@«l 05.
CHICAGO. 111.. June 23.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in th" Consolidated Auc
j lion to-day, realizing the following prices: Cher
! ries—Black Tartarian. $1 25@1 75 per box: Black
Bigareaue, $1 60@l 70: Black Republicans. 51 65
fl 70; Royal Anne, Jfliai 70: Yellow Spain.
SI 15. Plums— Borbank, $2 per half crate; Cly
. man. $1 On&jl 35: Abundance. $1 90: Cherry, 90c.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 90 per half crate: Simonl,
$1 30. Pears— Andrews. $1 30@l 35 per box. Apri-
I cots— Hoyal. 80(5>0c per half crate. Peaches—
Alexander. 30@95c per box.
Porter Bros. Company's sa'.es: — Trag
-1 edy.- SI Of®.'. Cherries— Royal Anne. $1 20fli
j 1 50: halve*, 60@<'5c. Apples— Red Astrachan,
i .$135. Plums— Cly man, $1 05@l 25: Koyal Ila
i tlve. $1 OCfo.l 15; others. 35@05c. Pears— Half
j boxes, Lausou, $1 15. Peaches — Alexander, 4C@
I 95c. Apricots— Royal, 70@85c
BALTIMORE, Mm, June 23.— The Earl Vruit
I Company sold California fruit at open auction to
i day at the following prices: Plums — Clyman,
SI 70(e>2 05 p-r half crate: Royal Hative. $1 16®
1 65; st. Catherine, $1 35; Cherry, $1. Poaches—
Alexander, (io.-rg.fl 75 per oox; Garland, ,*l. Apri
cots—Mixed, $160 pel half crate; Royal, 80c@
$ 1 25.
PITTSBURGH Pa., June 23.— Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at open auction to-
I day at the following prices: Cherries, ?1 95@
' 205 per box. Plums, $1 lO@JI 50 per half era!.-.
; Apricots, 80c@? 105 per half crate. Peaches, 50c
P (g..fl 10 per box. n
BOSTON, Mass.. June 23.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day as fol
! lows: Prunes— Tragedy. S3'<33 35. Prunes
-1 Mixed, 12 90: Ciyman, »125@2 60: Royal Ha
: tive, '.©•_• 60; Pi. Cathprlne, $216: Cherry,
$1 80@] 40. . Cherries— Royal Anne, 70c@$2 10.
Peaches— Alexander, 90c@$l 45. Apricots— Royal,
90c(a.$l 35. Pears- Madeline, half boxes, $1 05.
NKSV iUI.K STOCKS.
! Bonds, Kxchangc, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on car has been easy at 1 i/z'<i2%: last loan
at 2%; closing offered at 2%. I'rime mercantile pa
' per. 41^(85/;. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars,
' 536 /B (g;s4'yßC. Sterling Exchange is firm,  with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .TUNE 24, 1596.
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87i/i@4 87%
for 60 aays and $4 BSi,4@4 8^y 3 for deniana. Post
ed rates, $4 Bb@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 .S6(d>
4 86">4. Government bonds easier: State hondt
lower; railroad bonds weaker. Sliver at the board
I was higher. : f -- , :
CLOSING STOCKS.
'Am Tel A Cable... 9iy 2 Norfolk & Westrn. 4»4
i Atchison....' 14 I Preferred 10
Preferred 20% Northern Pacific...* 4y 3
i Adams Express 147 Preferred 14
, Alton. 1 erre Haute 58 Northwestern Wl
American Expressll2 Preferred ..14S
American ToDacco. 653,4 N. Y. Central 96V2
Preferred 99 |N. Y..Cbicago<fc-*.L. 22
BayStateGas 241/4: Ist preferred 70
Baltimore * Ohio.. 18 j Yd preferred 29
: Brunswick Lands.. WS. V.AN. H 172
! Buffalo, Roch P. 18% N. Y. & New Eng. 40%
i Canada PaciUc... 61 N. V.. susq & W... Hl/4
Canada Southern.. 49 1 3 l Preferred. 24
Canton Land 60£ / 8 Ontario 110
Central Pacific 15 Ontario dc Western 1.53/ i
dies. & Ohio i 5 Oregon Iniprovmut Vs
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred .
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. & Q 2fi /s Oregon Short Line. 8
Chicago «fc E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail 24
Preferred 99 Peoria, l>.& Evans lU/s
Chicago Gas 66% Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
Clevei Pittsburg. .l6a Pullman Palace.. . .155
j Consolidation coal. 32 Quicksilver......... I*B
Consolidated Ga5. .157 | Preferred ....... 11
IC.C. C. & St. Louis 52 Reading 14%
Preferred 75 RioGrande<fcWe3tn 15
' Colo. Fuel cfc iron.. 26% Preferred 40
Preferred 100 U'.ock Island HHVs
Cotton Oil Cert 12V2 Rome Wat&Ogaen.lls
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. &S. W 4*/4
■ Del. Hudson 125 Preferred 9-14
Del Lact<fe Westrn. 160 St. Paul :... 766/ 8
Denver <tR. (i 12% Preferred. J28%
Preferred 47% St. Paul & Duluth. 20
Distillers 151/2 Preferred 85
General Electric... 29y 3 St. Paul <fe Omaha. 40%
Erie 14 , Preferred 123
Preferred 34V451. P. M. & M 112
Fort Wayne 163 Silver Certificates. 69 l /i
Great Northern pfd 116 {Southern Pacific... 18%
Green Bay % Southern K. X 9
Harlem 295 1 Preferred 27%
Hocking Coal 1 1 /! Sugar Refinery ....116%
Hocking Valley.... 14y a 1 Preferred 102
Homesiake. 33 Teu'n. Coal A Iron. 23
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central 95 Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 8y B Tol.A.A.<fc N.Mich.
Preferred 32 Tol. A, Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... 11 I Preferred 70
Preferred 23% Tol. St. Louis* K.C. 5
', Kineston«fc Pern... 3 . Preferred 5
• Lake Erie A Westn 17% Union Pacific 7%
Preferred 69y U. P. Den & Gulf.. 2%
Lake Shore 150 jU. S. Coraage 5Vg
National Lead 38% Preferred 10
Preferred B*l/3 Guaranteed 20
j Long Island 74 U. S. Express 40
! Louisville A Nash. 493/ S. Leather 8
Louisville Na^Ch 83 4 . Preferred... 60%
Preferred 20 U. S. Rubber 17 : «4
'. Manhattan Consol. 103 | Prefeired 77y 2
Memphis A Char's. 16 ll'ticu AB. Kiver..l6o
Mexican Central... 9»4 W ab. s>. 1. A Pac. . 6y3
Michigai Central.. 95% Preferred l'V4
Minn A S. L. Wells- Fargo 96
Preferred (Western Union 84
Minn A St. L com. 17 Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling AL. E. . 9Vs
2d preferred 46 Preferred. 34%
Missouri I'aclflc.. 22fi/BiAm Cotton Oil pfd. 64
Mobile A Ohio 19% W. U. Beef 8
Nashville A Chatt. 68' Ann Arbor SV,
National Linseed.. 20 1 Preferred 23%
N. J. Central 106 Brooklyn Traction. 223/4
North American... 4% Erie 2d pfd. 20
CLnsiNn BONUS.
V S 4s, registered. .1083/ 4 M X T 2ds 57%
Do 4s. coupon 110 j Do 4s 82%
0 S 4b new, regitrdll7s/ 8 Mutual Union 65... 11 4
Do 4s, coupon 117S/ .n J Cent Gen 55.. .1193/ 8
Do ?s 95 (Northern Pac lsts.ll 6
Doss 113 I Do^ds 11l
lofts, coupon 113 I Do3ds 67
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l4l
Do 1897 10D ! Do deb 5s 110
Do 1898 10 1 O P. A N lsts. ..11l
Do 1899 100 StUfclronMtGens3 78
Pacific -is of 95.... — Si ldk s f Gen 6s.lisyi
DC3-65s 109 Ist Paul Consols. ...132
Ala Class A4s 103 'si PCA Pa 15m... 11 9
DO Class K4, 55.. 105 i Do Pac Cal lsts. . 110
LaConsol 4s 95 Southern ill; 55... 93
Bl lssouri funding... Texas Paci tic lsis. S6
N Carolina con 65.. 122% Texas Pucllic 2ds.. 21
Do 4s 104 it'nion Pac lsts '96.103
So Carolina 4%5. . 106 West Shore 4n 106
Term new 3* .. SO Mobile A Ohio 45. . 65%
Va funding debt... 59 I* ('rand.'West lsts 77
Do registered Cht-s A Ohio 63 107V a
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchison 79
Do trust rcpts st. 6 Do 2d» A 60%
Canada South 106 10 II ASA 6s .. . . 101
Cen Pac lstsof '95.103 Do*d7s 97y.
Den A lililSi lliy 8 il * Tex Cent 55..109y 2
Do4s 91 : Docon6« 100
iErie2ds 65Vi Reading 4s 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 6s. 100 '
Ks Pa lsta Den divllli/ 4 l . ■ '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Enu., June 23.— The spot market
is quiet at as 3d@ss 4d. Cargoes steady at 25s 6d.
sellers, arrived.
FUTDRKS.
, Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s lv** 4 d; July, 4s 10 id; August, is lOs^d; Sep
ten ber, is lO^ia: October, 4s 103,4 a.
BECURITIKS.
LONDON, K.\g.. June 23.— Consols. 112%;
silver, 31 7-16 d; trench Rentes. lOlf 17y 2 C.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — , $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — ' 4><9%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, %* ounce '• — ' ' 6h : < 4
Mexican Dollars — &41/4
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are weaker, with char
ters at 27s 61, usual options, August loading. The
chartered Wheat flee; in port has a registered ton
nage of 43.000. against 51,000 tons 011 the same
date In 1895; disengaged, 41,700 tons, against
2100: on the way to this port, 225,250 tons, against
345,750.
HEAT— The market continues very dull, both
.as to Call Board and shipping business. No. 1,
' 95c: choice, 97 l /2 " loner grades, tfOfcj93«,ic; extra,
i choice for milling, $I@l 10 f ctl.
CALL BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
600 tons, 98% c: 900, 98y a c.
Kki.ii.ar Morning skssion— December— loo
tons, 98 Vic
A KTKRNoojr Skssion — December — 300 tons,
983/gc; 400, PByac: 1300, 98%<=.
UaRLKY- Is null at weak prices. Fepd, 67y a
i 6834 c; choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 75@80c.
(ALL HOAKII IAUB
Informal SEhSiON— 10 o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning session — December— loo
! tons, 70«yg-; 300, 70*Vic.
Aftkknoon --Kssio.N —No sales.
I OATS— i'.alers report the market very dul!.
j Milling, 87V 2 @3oc i? ctl: fancy Feed, 90(a!(2L c;
good to choice, HV!%(li,9oc; common to fair, 77y 2 fe»
b2V'2C; (.ray, 80(^»5c"; surprise, 05r-airl o^l/2.
CORN— Though priceHshow nc improvunjeiK the
' market is steadier. Large Yellow, 87Vi@02%c
>• ctl; Small Round do, 97! /2 c; White, 7V^-§
(iVh<:' 2 c 1* ctl.
I'VE— Lower, dull and weak at 72%@75c V 1 ctl.
liUCKWHEA'I— Bi)©9O(- "jf- ctU
FLOUR AND MIL.L.STTTFKS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 76@3 85 * bbi; Bakers' extras, $3 55(»3 63;
! superfine, $'.' 75(<-.K.
COKNMKAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, *19 60@20;
I Cracked Corn, $20 50(l«21 ji ton.
MILLBTI FFS- Prices in 10-tb sacks are as fol
| lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23,4 c: Kye Flour, 3V4C*. Kice Flour, 7y 2 c; Corn
meal, ■.•■'•'4l/: '■','■; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
3%* Oat Groats, 4y.jc: Hominy, 4(k4i 2 c: Buck
wheat' Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, syjc; Farina,
4y 2 c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4 V±c;
Pearl Barley, 4i/^c; Split Peas, 4'), 4 c; Green do,
I 6Vic t* a>. _______
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 60@16 50 y, ton.
MIDDLINGS-*l7 60@18 50 ton for lower
j cradi-s and $19@20 '■? ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15 50@16; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. $21 per ton; jobbing, $22;
1 Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market. '
HAY— large arrivals have caused a decline
and the market Is very weak. New Wheat, $7 60
(310; New Wheat and Oat, $6 50r<A8 50: new Oat,
$5@7 50 ¥* ton: new itarlev, $5(<i.7 50 IP tOn; sec
-1 ond cutting 01 Alfalta, sfHfajO 50. Old Hay Is quoted
as follows: Wheat, $8(g>ll 50; Oat, f?f>'cs7 50;
Wheat* and Oat. $6 5088 50; Barley, $5(u.7 50 ?
: ton: Clover. !?6@7 50 %* ton: Compressed Oat,
j ■T6 50@.$; Compressed Wheat, $7@10; stock, $5@
6 ~p ton.
I bTKAW-20<g)40c «- bale.
BEANS AND SKEDS.
BEANS— No sales of any consequence are being
made. Bayos, $I@l 07y 3 ; Small Whites, $1 15
I (g>l 30: Pea, $1 20@l 35; Large Whites, 90c@|l 05;
1 Pink, 85@92%c; Reds, $1 25: Blackeye, nominal;
! Bed Kidney, nominal; Limas, $2 35r<£2 65; But
[ ters, $1 26@1 40 for small and $1 26@1 50 for
! large. ■ . ■.■.-•; ■";.
Quotations are nominal, there being no
trade. Brown Mustard Is quotable . at *1 50@
2 26 • ctl: Trieste, $2@2 60 ctl: Yellow Mus
! tard, $1 40@l 60: Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary, 23 /4 c
fl It; Alfalfa, 7y a @9y2 * Ib: H*pe, 2%c * ft;
Hemp, 3%c '$ Ib.
DRIED PEAS— SI 26@1 40 *f) ell for Niles and
$1 25@1 46 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The supply is ample and prices are
easy. New Potates in sacks, 75c@$l; new Early
Rose in bxs from the River, 75c@$l 25; new Bur
bank Seedlings, 76c@$l 25; Oregon Burbanks, 70
(S.!)Oc: Petaiuma and Tomalesaie about out; Hum
! boldt Burbanks.' 60@75c "r> ctl.
I ONIONS— bite. 501365 c; Red, 20@25c "P ctl.
■VEGETABLES — Tomatoes lire scarcer and
higher. Cucumbers are lower. Summer squash is
In large supply »ml weak. Green Corn is quotable
at 75c(a$l 60 V sack: A lumen a Corn, /a KB
17%0 -f doz; Summer Squash. 26(^50c for Ray and
i Ififco2si: 1? box 1,1 small coxes; Egg Plant, 10c
i "fl Ib: Tomatoes, $1 r-iOfc'J 50 V box : Cucumbers. Si
j@l 25 box; Alameda Cucumbers, $1 75(3)2 *i 5 #
box: Asparagus. 6Oe@sl 25 %( box for ordi
nary and 51 60@2 25 tor extra: Rhubarb. 25
@7f«c Tfr box: lined Peppers, 6®I2VoC: Green
Peppers, 25c "^ ib: Green Peas, 50c(a)$l & sack for
common and 2 %* Ib for Garden: htrinft JJeans.
}(a 3c ft, for common and 6@6c t» Ib for Garden ;
Horse Beans, 40@60c * sack: Dried Okra, l*i!i/ a c;
Cabbage, 45@60cf».ctl; Garlic, 2(fli3c «t Ui.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND KGHS.
BUTTER— The market is weak and some dealers
make concessions to effect sales.
Crkamkrv— Fancy, 15@15%c: seconds, 14®
I I 4y 2 c * a,.
Dairy— Fancy, 13%@14c; good to choice. 12y
! 13c; lower grades. ll'ra)l2c.
- CIIEKSE— Weak. iTlentiful and rather slow of
sale. Fancy mild new quotable at 6%c p !b; com
i mon to good. s@6c: ream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7(gißc « ft,; Western, 10(JBillc; Eastern,
, 12@12y 2 c.
I i'.GGS— The tendency is downward mid dealers
I report the market weak and dull. Farallone Eg^s,
17@18c: Oregon, 10c : Eastern Eggs, 10©12 c V
I doz: store Eggs, 10y 3 (a»l2c: ranch Eggs, 13@15c,
with sales of extras at i6c; Duck Eggs, 12y @14c
1 y.aoz.
POULTRY AND GAMK,
POULTRY — Another car of Eastern is an
nounced for to-day. Tnese receipts from the East
have weakened local Poultry, which is dull in con
sequence.
Live Turkeys, Il@i2c for Gobblers, 10@llc for
I Hens: Geese, "$ pair, 75c@$l: Ducks, $3 50@4
! for ola and Si4@>s * dozen lor young: Hens. $4@
4 50: Roosters, young, $ti(<v6 50: do. old. f4<s
! 4 50: Fryers, $4t<£s; Broilers, $3®3 50 for large
; and S2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, *I@l 50 * doi
for young and old.
i UaME— -Nom.nal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
j ORCHARD FRUITS— Choice Peaches so d well.
Apricots were in good supply and lower. Figs
. have declined. Plums keep steady. Apples and
j Pears are quiet.
Arrivals of Cherries were 684 boxes, gelling at $1
I (SI 50 * box for Black, and 90c@$l 15 for Royal
Anne.
Peaches, 35@75c "$ box, and f<o<aßsc ¥ basket.
Plums, 50cis,$l *$ crate and 60®75c i« box.
Cherry Plums, 20@40c "P box..
Apples, 25@85c '?, small box and 25@350 *#
' basket and 6<)c@sl V large box.
Green Fears, 25(g)36c "£ box and 25@30c "-f,
I basket.
Royal Apricots. > is@soc ?! box, 40@50c 9 crate,
: 2U@3sc >>. basket and $20@i25 t». ton in bulk, Moor
i parks. 50(d)65c j* box.
Figs, 4fiCfur>oc t box for sinele and 75c ~f> box for
I double layers.
BERKIE.s—
" Receipts of strawberries were 714 chests, selling
at $4(4.6 Vi chest for l.ongworthsand $3@4 for large
berries.
Gooheberrles. 2®3c * tli. They are nearly gone.
Raspberries, $3 50@« %t chest. Newcastle Rasp
j berries, 40@75c Tfi crate.
Blackberries, if*: 5U@5 V chest and 40@60c f%
: craie. .
Currants, fa 50@4 50 "f" chest.
CITRUS FRUITS— This market is quiet and not
materially chanced. Oranges, 76r(£$l 60 ~? box
for Seedlings, «3 50@4 for Navels, and $Ka)3
"$ box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1@
150 for common, and $2@3 for good to Choice ;
Mexican Limes, .'•■efo&tj 50: California Limes, $1 "#
I box; Bananas, $I@'J V bunch; Pineapples, *1© +
' '%•■ dozen.
DRIED FRUITS,* RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
The canners are paying $20@26 * ton for fresh
Apricots, equivalent to 7ya@B%o '$■ Ib for the
dried product, hence growers are selling to the
ranners rather than take the chances of drying at
; present prices. No prices for new Peaches or
. runes have yet been ma if. .
Hone.- is in moderate request.
Raisins are firm, with not much stock left in the
, State.
Carload Lots— Apples. iu>@2c fi Ib for quar
. tered. 2c for sliced ana 4@4%c for evaporated;
i Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 7@Bc
' for Drlme to choice. 9c for fancy and lO(Qllc"0
! Ib for fancy Aloorpark; Figs, black, 2%c for im
! pressed: White Figs, 40 in sacks: Pears. 7c "j* Ib 1
1 for eva; orated halves, 3'/i>(*6i- ¥• Ib for quarters;
! Prunes. 3@3i4c; Plums, g^cf Ih for pitted and
l%@2c for unpitted; Nectarines, 3i/2ft4sc %<- lb for
: prime to choice and 5i/ 2 c tor fancy
Jobbing Pricks—^vaporateo apples, 4@sc
! ■■? 11.; sun-dried, 1 1 /2'32c: Peaches. 3Vb@Sc ana 6c
ior fancy; peeled in boxes, 12" . ••c >* Ib: Prunes, 3y 2 c
for four sizes. 4%c for 4O(jg>sO's and 4c for
' 50(<£60's; Apricots, 7ra9c tor prime to choice,
: 10cg;ll for fancy Modrpark : Figs, black, 3y 2 c;
While Has, 3(#sc: Pears, He 1* Ib for erapo rateil j
halves and 4(a ( 7 1 /ac for quarters; Plums, 'M/s<oi4c ,
: for pitted and lfgilVa^' forunpitted: Nectarines, j
4(£sc V fb for prime to choice
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f. ,
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown, !
; loose, 3c; 2-crown, 2V;>i; %* Ib: seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedleis Muscatels, 1 3 ,4 c: 3-crown London lay- |
ers, 70c %l box: clusters, $1 35^1 50; Dchcia clus- !
ters, *2 10@2 25; Imper kI Clusters, iS2 60(g)2 75.
i Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, none; 3- I
I crown, 3@:tyic ft Ib; 2-crown. 3c. Seedless Sul- \
' tanas. 4c"%>. ft»; Seedless Muscatels. 3c; 3-crown
London layers. 75@900; clusters, $1 30@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $'J 60; Imperial clusters, $2 76.
NUTS — Quotations are as follow*: Wal
i nuts, 9@llc for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c V Ib for
I paper-shell, lobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7y 2 c for
Languedoc and 8y 2 ffiloc lor paper-shell, jobbing:
' Peanuts, t>@6y 2 c '?'s> for Kastern ami - — for Call- j
; fornia; Hickory Nuis. s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough I
and 8c for polished: Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
. £'@10 ■ f Ib: Coeoannts, 84 50@5 ¥ 100.
HONKY-Comb 10fa<12y 2 c "ri Ib for bright ana 8
<a.9c fi lb for lower grades: water-white extracted,
s((i.:>* 9 Ib: light amber extracted, 4Vi@4!«ic;
i dark amber, 4c; dark. ■_'©"(■.
BEESWAX-25(& TVs o f, Ib.
PItOVISIONS.
Hams are very firm at the advance. Bacon is
also firm and Lard is In good shape tor sellers.
CURED ATS— Bacon is quotable at 6c ?
Ib for heavy. 7c f< Ib for light medium, 9c i?. Ib for
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c <fl It> for sugar- j
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 11 V«((41'-c >• Ib; i
California Bams, Boloc «>. n> : Mess Beef. S7 50(ai8:
extra mess do. $8 .'>ofai9: family do. $10: extra
prime l'ork, ifß r>org,9; extra clear, $14 1? bbl;
mess, $12 '+ bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c f* tb.
LAUD Eastern, tierces is quoted at sVic "^ Ib
for compound and 6Vic for pure; pails. "Vie;
California tierces, 5c m Ib for compound 1 nd 6c Jor :
pure: half-bbls. 6V4C; 10 Ib tins, 7c; do 5-tb, 714 c. !
COTTOLE.NE— 6©6 1 /4" in tierces and 6S/i.@7y 8 c
f\ Ib in 10-tbtlui.
! UIDKS, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Eastern markets are
i firm and in good shape, hut this market is dull.
! Heavy salted steers are quotable at 7@7l/ 2 -- "$
■ Ib: culls and brands, o@6y2C Ib: medium,
6<fc6y 2 c 'p It: culls and brands, s<ja,sy 2 c ¥> Ib: lisht,
sc: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhide. I*,1 *, o(u,. r )i, 2 c; culls
' and brands. % ,'..(; salted Kip, 5c ft it: salted
Call. 7@Bc: salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10%@llc:
culls and brands, 888' l Ao;dry Klpaud Veal, hcauc:
culls. 7c: dry Call, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
'Jl;«i:;jc iacli; K'.d.s, sc: Deerskins, cood summer.
30c: medium. 16<j$2&c; winter. 7^loc; sheep
skins, shearlings. 10(gl5c each: short wool. 2s.(s
36c each: lutaium. lU(ifsoc each; long wools, 50(J
60c each. Culls of a!l klndt about \^c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3i<i(s,3y 3 c: No. 2,
i 3c; rcline,!. :.i ~(a .')-' 4 « : '.h>hs,-. 2%c P It).
WOOL— lot-til market reports rather more
■ sales, .. iho'jch business Is, stagnant at best.
Valley uregoti is quotea at 9(3*l o Ac ~f v ; to
lower grades. 8@9V%0 9 t>; Nevada, 6(<i9c ? Ib;
Ban Joaquin aod southern Coast, six months, 45J6c;
San Joaquln, foothill, pood to choice, 7i^Bc; Sau
Joaquin. year's 0 > <■- , iVj'OiH'-i-; northern free,
"{<-,!''•: do detective, "1 <>.•; •• V ll>
ilOPS-.Nouiinal at lV (al»c V. tb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.;
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, spot. $4 25; San
Quentln, *4 20; Wool Baps, 24^@26%C.
COAL— Wellington. $B"i*toii; New Wellington.
*8 *fl ton; S-outhtield Wellington. $7 60 y ton:
.Seattle, $S@.s 50: Bryant. $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, f7: Scotcn, *7 60; Brymoo, $7 50:
Cumberland, $11^12 in bulk and .f13@14 in sks:
Pennsylvania ' Anthracite Egg, #11 50; Welsh
i Anthracite, $8: Cannel, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate und Pleasant Valley, $7 60: coke,
I $11@12 in bulk and Slit f* ton in sks.
1 CANNED FRUITS— New pact of Cherries, black
; or red— 3-tb extra, $2 60 ~? dozen: 'JV:--lb stand
ards, $1 6r>r<s2; a nds, $1 .')5(g(l 85. White Cher
! rles— extra, 93o3 50; 2%-lb standards, $1 90® I
2 25. Peaches— Yellow, free, gallon pie. $202 50;
yellow clinc. 2y.-tb standards. *12f>@i4i>; sec
onds, $1 1091 80; Million oi< , «i(a.- .'>o: white
cliog, 2y a -tt. standards, $1 25r<il '">. Apricots—
•j 1 -.-tt. pie, 76@8Sc: gallon pie, 82@'J 25. Grapes-
Gallon \n>\.?.:.i 2 25. Raspberries— 2%-lb stand
ards, $1 35(a 1 SO; seconds, if 1 30@l ,*>s. straw
berries— 2 V«-lb standards, $1 35(a.l 75; seconds,
$1 :-o©l 55!
CANNED VKG ETA BLES— 80c 1*
dozen. 2' ..-Hi tins. Peas. $1(^1 25 *>. dozen.
COFFEE-
Costa kica— l9@'JoV c for good to prime; IH@
19c lor good mixed with black team; 163/ +
17*4 c for fair; 13%(ij|]6%c for common to orui
nary. .
Sa;.va i>or— 18(ai9i/4c for «oo It' prime washed;
17V4(a«17554c: 9lb for fair washed: 19%@20c for
goou washed ueaberry; 17^®17%c tor superior
unwashed: I6l4@l6^jjc for^ood green unwashed;
]9fa<l9J-.ji- ior good to prime unwashed peaber.-y.
GUATEMALA AN!) .M BX ICAN- 'JO ' / (g,21 for
prune 10 strictly prime washed: 19 L 4@20c for
good to strictly good washed: i iq.\H'-\ A: c for fair
washed; 16@l?yic for medium; 14Vi(&l&%c_f(ir
ordinary; l-.^>l4c for inferior to common; 2uyi@
21c for good 10 prime washed peahen-**;; 19@19"/ 2 !
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
FISH — Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 1 00- lb cases
quotable at Be # ib; 50-tb bundles, 5c 1? Ih: ver
King Strips, he # Ib: Narrow-Gaugo do, 7c V Ib:
Tablets, 8c r 1 tb; Ueabrlgni Blocks, 7%c: Pacilic
Herring. 18c 51 box; Dutch do. *-•.■> 9 keg:
White Fish, *1 60 in half-bbls and 91 75 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14: Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26; No. 3, $24: haif-bbls— No. 1,
$12 50; No. 2, $11; No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1,52:
No. it, $1 60; No. 3. $1 60.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $34@36
%1 flask.
OIL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 80c % gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bh!s. boiled, 48c: do 'aw, 46c: cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, sf>e:
No. 1,45 c; cases, 5c higher; China Nut, $4 60 @
$4 80 "r case.
PETROLEUM AND GASOLINE— The Stan
dard Oil Company quotes as follows: Water-white
Coal oil, In bulk, 12% c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c;
Astral, d ■, 19c; Star, do, 19c; Extra Star oil. in
cases, 23c; Elaine, do, 24c: Eocene, do, 21c; '
Deodorized .Stove. Gasoline, in bulk, 14c; do, in !
cases, l»i-f>c; 03° Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk,
13c; 63° do, in cases, 18yac: 86° Gasoline, In bulk,
20c; 86" do. In cases, 25c \ gal.
WHITE \D- Quoted at m-c tb.
.I: Eli LEA D— Quotable at 0y 2 c 9 Ib.
TURPE.NI INE— cases. 4..c; iron barrels,
37c; wooden barrels, 39c t* gallon.
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 os, are
quotable at 91^0: do, 14 oz, 8V2 1 ' : do, 12 ° 7 - 7»ic: '-
dj, 10 oz, 7c: Electric Light Candles, 6s, 1602,
8c: do, 14 oz, 71/4 C; do, 12 0/.. 6y.*c; do, 10 >>?.,
61/2°: Para Mine Wax Canales, white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s
ana 12b. 14 oz. 9 c ; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c.
LEA Ili KR- Dull and unchanged. Kxtra heavy
861*. 2ti@i;Bc; heavy Sole. 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for No. 2; medium Sole, 24@26c for No. 1 and 22c
■? Ib for No. 2. Light Sole. < 23@24c for No. 1 and
20f0,22c V It, ior No. 2; Harness, heavy, 30@35c:
do, medium, 28c: do, light, '.'4@2se; Rough
Leather, 18@20c; Kips, $40@46 doz: Calf, 70®
90c; Rough Splits, 4@sc. ' '
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hefin»ry Company !
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; |
Confectioners' A, 5i/ 8 c; Magnolia A. 4. v 8 ('; Extra [
C, 4y 2 c: Golden C, 43/ >; half-barrels, V*c more I
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
%i gal. ■:-. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT JIAKKKT.
Almost all descriptions show new prices. Beef
and Veal are easy. Mutton is in good demand.
Lamb is lower. Hogs are strong, with prospects
for a further advance. Wholesale rates for dressed
stock trom slaughterers are as follows: •
BEEF— First quality, sc; second ao, 4y 2 @l 3 ,ic:
third do, 3i/2@4c $ Ib.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small. 3@6c ?! tb.
MUTTON-Wethers, 6@5%c: Ewes. 4@4i/(,c
'Q tb. :
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 5@5y 3 c 'f, Ib.
PORK-Live Hogs, 3VB^.3i, 4 o j> Ib for large and
33/k@3%c for small and medium: dressed do, 41/2
@£>y a c. .
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES, ETC.
Posts, 9@iloc each; Redwood, ?5 ~f> cord: Oak,
rough. $6 60; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties, 35c uoiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45<g»50c
for 7x9.
■1 ANBARK-sl4 "$ corn.
LUMBER— Retail prices for pine are: No. 1
rough, $l:,(at\7 50 for the different lengths: No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring, $21@*.'6; l.ath, $.': Redwood,
$16 for So. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, $18@23;
Shingles, common, $1 00; Shakes, $9 »* M.
RECEIPTS OF lliuDKI.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. sks.... 10,927 Eggs, don 11,370
Oregon 768 Hides.no. 398
Wheat, ct1»...... 11,320 Pelts, bdls. 545
Utah 620 Wool, bis 250
Barlej.ctts 1,641 Oregon 21
Oats, Or, ctls 876 Wine, gals. 44,300
Beans, sks. 341 Lime, bbls. 81
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,869 Ta110w, ci is 15
Oregon 11 4; Leather, rolls 58
Onions, sks. 610 Hops, bis ....: : . 51
Bran, sks 600Qul-ksilver. flsks 60
Middilngs.sks... Chicory, fc bis 30
Hay. tons 440 Powder, cases ♦
Straw, tons 20 Buckwheat, sks.. 61
Butter, ctls. l42|Broom Corn, bis. 100
Cheese, ctls 1191
« — ♦--•
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks broke all along the line yesterday
from the opening to the close. The drop was gen
eral and pronounced, as will be s«'i>n by tie list of
sales, though there was no especial activity, ex
cept possibl.- in < 'hollar. The market was demor
alized at, the close.
IHiAl.ll >Ai.as.
Following wer« th-» »*"** '° '•»• San Fr»mlSß«
BtorcEoard res'erday:
RKerLAR HOBSISO HKSSrOV rnMVUVCI*"') 9:T).
300 Alta 18 100 CCAV...2.15i100 Potosi... 1.45
400 Andes... .36 700 G AC. . .1.46 ! 200 Savag... 1.70
100 Belcher.... oil 1000 H<tN. 2.051100 1.65
100 8A8... .1.05 100 2.00 100 Meg 8e1.. .17
200 1.10200 Mien 90100 Uni0n. ...80
200 801110u...28 200 0ccdt... 1:35!100 81
500 Cha11ng...42 Ophlr.. .1.50500 Utah 12
900 Ch011r. .3.06 800 0vrmn.... 28400 V Jackt...sß
AYTmUfOOS sbswov— ':n.
200 Andes 34 700 0&C... 1.25 200 Potosi . . 1 . 30
100 33 50 1.30 50 1.35
50 Belcher. .s4 550 H&N...1.80 400 Bar 1.45
800 56 100 Kentck....O3 109 1.50
50» li & 8... .98 300 Mcx 81 100 S NT 76
200 Bullion. ..25|.500 100 Union ...75
200 26 2500ccidt1..1.30'900 74
300 27 300 0ph1r...1.4() 101) V Jaoimi..s4
■2OoChoiir..2.>-oilOo . 1.35200 53
450 CCA V . . 2.00 250" Ovrmn.... !i5 900 52
100 C P0int... 54 |
.Following were me saiei m ta* PaciUo atcwJt
«oard yetterdav:
BEdt'Uit "iitssion:— 10:Ti.
20a Alpha._..l7 200CCV....2.18900 Mx1C......90
200 18400 aV 8 200 85
900 Alta 17 100 2.10 600 0ccd....3.35
200 Ande5.... 34 500 2.05 200 1.32%
200 8e1cner...65 200 . .2.02Vj 0phir...1.&0
400 63500 3.00 500 1.45
600 300 Con tin.. .02,200 1.4*2*,,
200 B &8... 1.10 Con V.. 04 300 0vrmn... .27 I
400 1.071/2300 Crwn Pt...5« 400 Viß I
30U 1.05 800 Kxchqr...oß 200 P0t0i1..1.6()
200 80d1e.....60 6000<JtC....1.45 200 1.47 !
•JOO 8u11i0n... 30*00 1.42 V*6oo 1.4 a i
400 29 600 l.*«/|SOO 1.40
300 27 900 l-y Bi ioo .13, 8
400 Caleda 17 400 1.3u|200 Savf. . . . 1.7«
300 Cha11ge.. .41300 1.32V-j!2OU 1.67"** '
850 Ch0ir... 3. 10 200 . l.aai6oo 1.65
250; 3.07 V 3 7UO HAN 2.07 1%
1400 3.06 800 2.05 300 1.60
200 3.0 2 200 2.02VJ 400 Scorplon..o7 |
900 3.00:1000 2.00 300 S 8AM.. .18
200 2.95 400 1.9."- 400 <& Ny .82
100 2.H2* 3 100 Julia lOitiOO B Hill ....04
250 2.9U 300 Ju5tice... .09,700 Union C. Bl
100 2*' 8 200 Keutuck..o:< V\M.a 12
400 2.b0i500 L Wash.. .o4 MO V Jacic«..6l
60 C0nn....1.16'20U Mexn 91 600 68
ArTKBVOON HKHSIOV - .': 111.
3'o Alnha 17.900 CCAV...'_'.OO;9OO Mcx 83
300 Alta 17200 1.97V 2 -.'oo 84
SOD Ande5....35400 1.95 300 81
400 ....34 ! 400 1.9-' l/ 3 400 Uccldt!..l.3o
500 33300 1.9UJ600 Ophir ..1.40
300 8e1cher.. .57;i50 Con«.. 1.10 500 l**
200 5«5O(»C Imp ....021700 ..... 1.35
400 5. i 500 C V.....04 800 Overman. 27
900 BAB ...1.00 300 C P0int... .5 1400 P0t051..].35
100 1.02 >/3 500 53i:;oo 1.30
100 400 fcxcnqr...Oß 400 Save... 1.60
100 94 700 ..1.30 100 1.55
100 600 1.27V 2 2U0 1.45
100 Bodie 50 400 1.2,1300 1.42% !
100 8u11i0n. ..27,100 1.22% 400 !*corplon..oß i
800 2:. 500 1.2U|300 SB AM.... 17 I
100 bulwer... 321509 H&N...1.90 'J00 S N v 79
300Caleda.... 17 200 i.:. 1 . 1.85 200 76
100 Cutlu».-e...40 200 1.82% 200 SU Hi11. ..0H I
600 Ch11r... 2.83:300 3>o! 50 Union 78 |
■200 2.77Vi200 134400 77 .
200 2«UI200 1.72i/»iiOO 69
.-,00 2.70 3i'O Justice ....Oft 400 Utah 11
300 2.65 400 Iventck... o37oo 10
100 200 Mono 08 800 V Jck1....66
400 2.601 ■
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 23—4 P. m.
Bid.Askr<L\ Bid.Afkfd.
Alpha Con. ... 15 .17 Julia — 12
Alta. 16 17. 1 ice 09 11
Andes. 30 '33'Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 55 67 Lady Wash — 05
Best & Belcher 95 ft6. Mexican 79 80 i
Beutou Con... — 20 Mono 06 08
P.odle 61 55 Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion -ii Occidental ...1.25 1.30 1
Bulwer 32 33OpUir 1.30 1.36 '
Caledonia. 17 19 overman 25 27 l
Chollar 260 2.7oll'otosi 1.25 1.30
* 'on.CalAVa. .. 1.95 2.00 ravage 1.80 1.40 i
Challenge Con. 33 :isiscorpio i 05 08 I
Con. Imperial. 02 03is P E. Belcher. .. 15 16
Confidence 1.00 l.lOMvndlcatP.. — 04
Con New York 04 -j.>llver Hi 11.... — 04 |
Crown Point... 51 53<sierra Nevada. 70 71
EastSierraNev — ts'jUniouCou 68 70
Exchequer — 10 ; Utah 09 10
Gould A curry. 1.20 1.25 Yellow Jacket. 51 5d
Hale ANorcrs. 1.85 1.70;
COLO 3IIMNG KXCHANOE
Champion I Providence
Bid 20 00 Bid ....60 00 !
Asked 26 00 100 Savannah _ 42
300 Edna 3<JOO _ 43 ■
100 ... 37200... 44
100 SBioo 45
Kennedy 100 46
Bid 10 00 200 Sebastopol 16
Keystone Con. 100 47
Bid 00 200 _ 48 I
500 Lock wood Con. 33 Thorpe
200 34|Asked 95
400 35 Asked Ybarra 150
LOCAL, SECUKITIKS.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas iron Works 87
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 6 75
STOCK AN JO BONO EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 23-2 p. m.
UNITED STATUS BONDS.
Bid. As/ceuU\ Bid: Asked.
US coup.. 1083/4 - US 48 r?g. .1097/g — J
Do new issue) 17 — |-• ■' *
MISCEI.I.ANKOITB BOXD3.
Cal-stCbless. — 1 12% ; Roll M6s. — —
CalF.lecL6s — 122% Do 2d Is 85... — -
CntraCWSs — 97 P*oP.v6s.los 120
l>pnt-stex-cp 95 100 P*Ch Ry 6?. — 107
i:<lsn L<6l 6sl-20 — Fwl-st RPtfs. — 116%
F&CHHR6B.IO4I/2 - Keno, WixtL - 105
Geary-5tß35.102 - ISaotoP&L. - 102%
I.os.Vni? L6s. — 100 ■-* IAN PR 100l 4 H)O» 4 !
DoGnteed63 — 103 !SPRP.Ariz6s — 96 s /*
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — iSPRRCaI 65.10d%11l
DoßyCO!iss..los3/ 8 105S/4 SI'RUCa: ss. — —
NatVitißslßt 96 - ,SPErRCaI6s. — 101
NevCNsß7s. 96 105 ,SVW»ter6s. 119 119y
NPCRR6s. — 108 KVWater49.. 991/4100
NRy Cal 6s. 104 3/ i 106 |Stktn«i&E6s — 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 SunsiT&Tßs 100 -
Oak Gas ss. .100 WS.utter-stßss.lo7 —
1.02 dls 6s .10434 1051/4. VisaliaWC6s - 9i
Omnibus 68.117% — 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38 — 1 Han Jose — —
Marln C 0.... 50 — |Sprng Valley 98% 98%
SAS STOfKf*.
Capital.. 20 30 IPaciflc Liiht 48 *9%
Central 95 — ISan Francsco 94% 843/^
OakGL&H. 52 52 (Stockton — 21%
Pac Gaul in p. 85% fit; 1 ,'*
INBUBANCK STOCKS.
Fireman's Fdl7o — |5un .......... 25 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — LondonP&A.l2B%l3o
Anglo-Ca1.... BISi — London<tsF. — 27%
Bank of Ca!.. 239 242% Merch Ex... 12 —
< al S D&TCO 54 !.7 Nevada...... — —
FlrstNu.ionl. — 187%ISather BCO. — —
Grangers.... — — |• .
BAVINOS BANK STOCKS.
OerS<feLCo.l4oo 1445 Say * Loan. — 100
HumbH.fcL.Xloo 1450 Security...... 250 -J6O
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
BFSavUnlon — 490 |
California.:.. 108% - Oak SL<fcHay — 100
deary-it — 55 Presidio 7 —
.Mttrket-su... 44% 46 !Sutter-st — —
I'OWDEK STOCKS.
Atlantic D.. 15 — Giant ton... 24 24%
Eastern D... 75 — Judsun L).... — —
California.... 81 95 'V1g0rit...... — 95c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.'
Alaska Pkrs. 92 95i/ a iNat Yin Co.. 76 —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24%
CM Cot, Mills — — PacAuxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison LlghU2o 120 1/2 !Pac Roll Mill - — "
GatConAssn. — — Part PaintCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — IPacTransCo. — 24
HawC&SCa. 19 20V2 Pac TAT Co. 55 70
Hutch S PCo 3'JVfe 231/4 Sunset TAT. *1 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 i United C Co. — 25
Jf Elec Light 41,4 — I '•
• 6AF.KS— MOB>fI.V» SKS9COV "9
100 I, PA A Bank. 123 25
.■•00 Mutual Kleclrlc Light 4 50
$2000 Nor: hern K'y of Cal 6% 80nd5.... 103 00
50 Oakland Gas 52 25
40 a ¥ rjasltsni ......;.. 94 50
36 s V Water... 93 25
$2000 s V 6% Bonds  119
fJOOO S F it .N P Railway 80nd5. .... ... 100 75
SALES-AfTEKXtIOX .-.KSSrOT.
Board—
4 1/ a Eastern Dynamite 75 00
f 2000 Marke*-st Railway Con 5% Bonds 105 50
• — * — »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
W. M. Page (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) 10
Hiberniii Savings and Loan lot on N line
of Filbert street, 166:8 X of Franklin, E 33:4 by
N 275; also loi on X line of Fr nkiin street, 90 N
of Filbert, N ftH hy fiS 100; $4452.
Charles W. Smith to Mary A. Smith, lot on N
line of Geary street, 206:3 X of l.asuna, E 25:10
by N 120: also lot on E line of Naples street. 150 !
N of India avenue, N 100 by E 100, block ftl, Xx- |
celsior Homestead: also iot on N line of Gear\- |
street, 1^0:5 t. of Laguna. E 25:10 by N 120:
aIU lot on N line of Washington. 155 Eof Drum m, !
E 40 hy N 60; afso lot on E line ot Humboldt |
Street, 213 S of Brunswick. B 178 by N 106:0,
West Eld Homestead; aiso ot in Ma-on;c Ceai -
tery : also property in Alameda Counts- : eitL
Mary 11. Cunningham 10 Altred Bouvter, iot on
N line of Broadway 87:6 Bof Scott, F. 5U by N
ISO, quitclaim deed; 910.
Kobert C. and Margaret Ocilvie to Lucy J. Camp
bell, lot on E line of Lyon street, 37:6 3 of Grove,
S 25 by E 100; $10.
Julia Stapleton to Bridget Stapleton. lot on *
line of Nineteenth streei. 110 W of Church, W 50
by N 114, all interest in the estate of Johu Staple
ton: *900.
J. Q. A. and Cynthia E. Patterson to William J.
Siebert, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 78 N of
Eighteenth, N 25 by W 100; $10.
trnest and Ida Tlman to Chris* ma M. Dettner,
lot on W line of Hoffman avenue, 135 S of
Twenty-fourth, S 25 hy W 125; *10.
Seraiino and Maria Arata to i.uigi Gui asso,
uudi vi 1 I'd quarter of lot on N line or Yallejo str et,
6*1:9 Eof Powell. X oby N 137-6: $10.
Frank Morchio (administrator of the estate of
Mary Morcbio) to g. Orsi, lot on sline of Pine
street, 49:6 X of Powell, E 19 by 8 66: 94950.
John and Mary J Woolley to Denis P. Collins,
lot one 8 line of Broadway, 22:9 W of Jones, w
22:9 by S6O; $10.
Devllla ftl. Shafer to Mary A. sharer, lot on N
line of Filbert sreet. 225 W of Leavenwor h. W
25 by N 137:6: $10.
(iualala Mill Company to Frederick W. Van
Slctden and Willis K. Davis, lot on NE line of
S euart street, 229.2 SEof Market. sE 45.10 by NE
137:6. subject to mortguec: $:-i!,500.
Henry, Lillie and Jeannette Wolff, >ragdnl»na
.■"■hirer/Mrs. M. Leon, Mrs. J Dlnketoplel, Keglna
Wertheimerand Henry Schwartz (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan so
ciety, lot on SE lint of Howard street, Hh SW of
First, SV» 25 by SK 85; also lot on sE line of
Howard street. 105 SW of First. SW -j:. hy SK 85:
also iot on SW line of Teharna street, 108 »W of
First, SW 50 by NW 80: $25,000.
Howard Presbyterian *-O( lety to Jereh and John
.1. Mahoney, lot on SE lir-eof Mission street, 160
SW of Third, SW 77:28/g by NE 101. NE 22:23*,
SE 15, NE4O. NW 15. ME 15, NW 100; *10.
Jereh and John Mahoney to Thomas Day Com
puny, same; $45,310.
sol and Dora Getz to James M. Fanning, lot on
W line of Nineteenth avenue, 300 N of Point
Lobos, N 15 by W 120; $10.
ALAMKDA CIIfNTY.
Helen B. Van Wyck to Elizabeth B. Thompson,
lot on S line of Fourteenth street, ] CO X of Ade
line, E 34 by S 105, block 573, Oakland; $10.
J. R. Mead (trustee, et al.) to Manuel Marshall,
lot on S line of Mead avenue, 625 W of San Pabio
avenue, W 25 by 8 125.70, being .ot 40, Mead
Tract, Oakland: $10.
Thomas W. and Jane A. Badgerto Philip S. Ken
▼ ille, lot on SE line of Seventh avenue, 90 SW of
E Tenth s:r?et. SW 30 by SK 75, being lot 4. tjlock
11. map of Badger's subdivision, block 11. Clin
ton, East Oakland: $10.
John B. ana Lizzie Turner to Charles E. Green,
10 on W line of 1 afayette street. 150 S of Clement
avenue, S 37:6 by W 108, block 59, Enciual, Ala
meda: $10.
F. K. iV'hiiconib (administrator estate of J. B.
Whitcomb) to .Maurice S. Woodhams. lot on SE
corner of Durum avenue »nd Choate street, X 1 10
by S 90. being portion of lot 1, block 10, College j
Homestead, Berkeley; $J430.
Maurice S. Woodhams to Phi Delta Theta of j
Berkeley, same, subject to mortgage for $1200,
Berkeley; $'.200.
Ella N. Adams to Gottlieb Schmierer, lot on N
line of Walter avenue. 240 E of Orchard streei, E
40 by N 132. 50, Brooklyn Township: also lot on NE
corner of H ighland avenue and Plymouth street.
E 80 by N 132.50, beinc lo;s 1 and 2, block X,
AUmeda map Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Joseph P. Byrne to Kate O'Brien, lot 15. bloc:c
\\ and lot 10, block V, same, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
E. I. and Jennie L. Marshall to N. and Gertrude
Nilsen. !ot on E line of Peralta street, 208.40 N of
Fourteenth, N 62:10, X 8662. S 50, W 101.60 to
beginning, being lots 27 aud 28, block 581 Map of
Peralta and Center-street Lands, Oakland; $10.
Builder's Contract.
Anna D. Whittle with W. F. Wilson, plumbing
for building containing twenty-six Hats on SE cor
ner of Broadway and Hyde streets; .H613: elinion
Day, architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NKW WESTERN HOTEL
J Arnott, Minnesoa C II Johnson, Oakland
A llackett, Alumeda J Chlorini, sacrame-ito
J ShaUL'hnessy, Sac;o. J A King, Sacramento
J C Winters *w. Cl'.lca R(» liiincmi, ( hlcji^co
E P Pet erpltice, Chicago C Newman, Bos on
C <i TOUIIR, Boston W II Downey it w. Uostn
X E Brayton, Bosion H Smith, New York
J Jones A w, New York H Lont, Chicago
J 0 Crow, Chicago H T Wiison, Ciuoinnaii
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C II Monroe & w, Bi.nicia J A Lyon, Sacramento
X W Hail A w, Sacto O A Hale, San Jose
M «■ MHlone, Ark T Halone, Ark
T >< Malone, Ark I> W Long, Oaklaud
II s Foote Jr. cakland J J Tolley, N V
J Vor.pker, Valli-jo W Drown, Ansjels Camp
Mrs 3 X Pitt, 8t Louis 8 L Barken, Seattle
D M Moses, N V W J Hopkins, t ul
J E Hughes, L Angeles B Hansen, '-"elma
E J Wagner, st Joe W J O'Brien, San Jose
F FTiblii-ts, Sacramento W F Cochranc, S Rafael
G Campbell, C-raßs Val W B Russell, Sacramento
J Zemannky, Sacramnto N IC Scnipers, t-acramnto
( ''. SMuPOMTAN HOI EL.
J S Hawk, Nevada J H Johnson, Los Ang
li W Brooks, stocktou J X Brown, Portland
W I> ste;l A w, Sac W Benson, l-'resno
it Wl.larl, Seattle Mi.ss Wiilard, Seattle
Mrs San I'.afael M Moch, stock'on
r> s Jones, Stockton L X Ward A fy, Fresno
M Cook. West Point W i> Orady, >an Bafael
c<• Antram, Stockton Mrs F Bur*e, Dnwuiev
Miss Whitney. LOS Ang Mrs A Chs ity. Snelling
W C Collins it fy, h A D Wait & w. Los An »
O P Anderson, l,cs Ang J Qerrsghty, St Louis
J Barlogi, Nevada Capt X McDonald, Alaska
M situmons, San Joso I Toman «fe w, Suiter Cr*
Mrs Keefe A d, Slitter Cr P Donaldson, Santa X sa
J R Roberts, Petaluma D L Johnson, Onklaud
PALACE HOTEL.
0 C Salch, Toledo H D Hibbard, N J
H W Jones & w. Mare I H E Picket, Placerville
1 v Eosensbine, N V W H Boyd, N V
Miss X E Judson, NY' W G lligijiis, Chicago
X X Williams. Portland E C N'eufelder. Seattle
J W Perkins, Iml Mrs H LCinpman, Sdney
Mary J Gregg, Ia J X Clark, I.os Angeles
C W Lee A w, Detroit G W Noell, Shanghai
D X Lee A eh, Denver T j Field Aw, Monterey
i, A Davis <t w. Marysv H Wnlt»rs, N V
A A Lung. I" S N Mrs O A Lung, Mare lid
H P Goodman, Napa Mrs Ooodman. Napa
Claire <iootlniaii, Napa Uuth Coodman, Napa
Dr D Smith, Napa M s X Wylie. Napa
F Searles, Nevada City J M Waldron, Pueblo
Miss llay-s. Dunkirk H D Luff, Chicago
Mrs H D Luff, Chicago D F Warnock, Chicago
W S Ingraham, N V E E Stockton, N V
GRAND HOTKL.
0 Rohb A wf. California J Marchant, Los Angeles
F L I-rpnch. "-anta Cruz T Q King, Napa
A Kaunhuut r A w, "acto JBi ruuiman, Chicago
A A Morey A w, st Cms Q w K rummer, sca;tle
Miss Morey. Santa Cruz Mrs Krummer, Seattle
Miss Case, «. hlcazo Miss Cody, Santa i.osa
E X Hinckley, Oakland T E Lake, Boston
A Jones, Oakland A P Ilalfnill, Ls Angeles
J N Montgomery, Chico W J simonton. .\.-w Yrk
R Effy, >anta Cniy. Mrs W J simonton, NY
1 Green, Santa Cruz E J Mcf^anney, Cal
J Sullivan, Willows J W Sbunuon, s»i to
J B Waldmere, Ls Angls J D 1-redricks. Los Angls
P S Smith, Los Angeles 1> Nathan, Portland
Miss F Johnson, Napa Mrs H E Bradley, 3 Jose
E Ke.lley. Chicago >. C 1 of I us <t wf, Cal
W M Heme, Michigan J.l Snyder, San Andrews
Miss Gosa, San Jose Mrs Gors. ran Jose
H Wittenberg, Portland D S Stewart, l<>«.i
Miss E Shea, Li Anze.es DrTFHnt, >an Jusn
Mrs J 1 ook, 1.0! Angeles O L English, New York
J Enright, .elding Miss t noter, Santa Kosa
B Brown, CaUfOrma Mrs McCahum, sta Kosa
H Thomas, Keddiug R X Stevens, Randburg
¥ L coombs, Napn A Lipman, Sacramento
G S Mi Ken/.i". Napa W H Moinssry, or ami
G B Knupp. I'ortland E A Bricigford, Coltisa
A Smith, «. curt land Miss J Blanchard, S Jose
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
NOTICE TO MARINERS
San Francisco Bay— California
Owing to the removal of the wreck of the ship
Blairmore the two second-class nun buo-.s placed
to mark this obstruction have been removed.
Crescent City— California
Notice is hereby given that the whistling buoy
off the entrance ;o Crescent City, Ca!., ha* been
replaced in Its old position.
By order of the Ligbtbouse Board,
Frank (ovrtis, Commander 0 8 N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
THE CALL CALENDAR
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. COAST ANt» tttODItTrO SOBVBY TIDH"*
Bri.LKTIIf Prm.ISHKD BY OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF THK SCPF.KTNTRNOKXT. )
Wed 1 v, June 24.
Sunrises 4.471 Moon rise*
Sunsets 7.371i100n sets 3.40 am
.Time —
Note— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, rhe third ,
time column the third tide, and the last or right I
hand column elves the last tide of the day. except 1
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractiva
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydrooraphic offick, U. S. N., "»
Mkrchants' Kxchaxge. V
San Fbanoisco. June 23. IH9S. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at uoon of th«* 120 to
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., (ireenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtki.kb..
Lieutenant U. s. N in cb^rpe.
SHIPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY. June 23.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, 1- hours from Moss
Landing; bal.ast, to Goodall. Perkins <t Co.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 79 hours from
Departure Bay: 2634 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Haw stmr Kahulul. Tyson, 13 days from Kahu
lui: 18.960 bags sugar, to Alexander & Baldwin.
stmr Columbia, Bolles. 49 Vj hours fm Portland,
via Astoria 38 hours; produce, to <1 X <fe N Co. •
Ship Columbia, Nelson, 10 days from Departure
Buy: 2440 tons coal, to X D Chandler.
ship Yosemite, Fullerton, 10 days iromTacomn:
IS 48 tons coal, to South Prairie Coal Co.
Schr Muriel, Carlsen. 26 days from Honoipu:
15,153 bags sugar, to Williams. Dlmond & Co.
Schr Nokomls. Boos, 14 days from Redondo,
ballast, to W O Hall.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, June 23.
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro; Gooiall. Per
kins & Co.
ship Baring Brothers, Übby, Mollendo; W It
Grace * Co.
Br ship Holt Hill, William*, Liverpool: C. W
McXear.
Nor baric Fortuna, Mikkelsen, Tacoma; J D
Spreckels &. Bros Co.
Saile'l.
TUESDAY, June 23.
Strni Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and Port
Townsend. ■-'■ *
stmr Hipsv. Leland, Santa Cruz.
StmrStmol, Dettmers, Moss Landing. A
Strar Weeott, Whitney, Port Kenyon. V
f^tnir Whitesooro. Johnson.
Sclir Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Pioneer. Mikkelsen. Astoria.
fsohr Lucy, Peterson, Umpqua.
schr U W Watson, Fried berg. Port Gamble.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Juno 23-10 p. m.— Weather
thick : wind SW; velocity. 16 miles.
Charter*.
The bark Mohican loads mdse for Honolulu ; sohr 1
Balvator, lumber at Tacoma for San Bias: schr
Laura Mud. sen, ties at Noyo for Salaveny ; Nor
bark Eira, lumber on the Sound for Melbourne
prior to arrival, 4 ls.
Spoken.
Per ship Columbia— Off the Colombia River, bark
Rnfus X Wood, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
May 30— fat 32 N, long 39 W, ship Jabez Howes
from Philadelpnla, for San Francisco.
June4— Lai 16 S, long 38 W, Br ship Belford,
from Shields, for San Francisco.
June 5— Lai 8 N. Ion? 25 W. Ger ship D H Wat
jen. from Hull, for San Francisco.
Per schr Muriel— June 21— Lat 36 12 N. long
133 W. schr Nokomis, from Redondo, for San
Francisco.
'.M is cell an
LONDON, June 22— Sixty guineas premium paid
on the ship City of Philadelphia from New York,
for San Francisco.
Domestic Port*.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 23— Stmr Rival,
hence June 22.'
USAL— Sailed June 23— Strar Newsboy, for Re
dondo.
EUREKA— Arrived June 23— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 22: stmr Alice Blanchard, hence June
21, and sailed for Portland.
ALBlON— Sailed June 23-Stmr Scotia, for San
Francisco.
WOOD— Arrived June 23— Stmr Green
wood, hence June 22.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived June 22-Stmr
Alcazar, iroin Greenwood.
Sailed June 28- stmr Alcazar.
ASToKIA— Arrived June 23— Br ship Snther
lanJsliire, irom Calcutta.
HUENEME— SaiIed June 23— Stmr Lakme, for
Santa Barbara.
TACOMA— Sailed June 19— Br ship lla!a, for
Cape Town: Br ship Celtic Race, for Sydney.
POINT REYES— Passed June 23 at' 4 pat— Bark
Rufus X Wood, from Seattle, for San t-ranclsco.
BOWKNS LANDING-Arrived June 22-Schr
Newark, hence June 19.
FOKT ROSS- Sailed June 23— Schr Etta B, for
San Francisco.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Arrived Juno 22— Stmr Advance
from Colon: shijs Iroquois and Indiana, from
Honolulu.
Foreign Port».
SWANSEA— SaiIed June 21— Br ship Qlenericht
for San Francisco.
CiUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June 21— Italian ship
Francesco Clam pa, for Newcastle, Eng: Br bark
Larjro Bay. for Westport: Nor bark Nordlyset, for
Manchester, Samarak and uaiway.
FAUIOUTH- Sailed June 20— Brship Glenburn
for Hamburg. June 22— Ger ship C H Watjen, lor
Llverpoo;.
LONDON— Arrived June 22— Brship Ardmore,
from New Westminster.
LIVERPOOL-Arrived June 22-Italian baric
Gius?pr>". hence Feb 6.
HAM BURG-Arrived June 31— Brship Balkan
man. from Oregon. 1
HULL— Arrived June 21— Ship Hiawatha, hence
Fob 6.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed June 21— Br ship
Beecroft, hence Jan 7. for Hull.
SYDNEY— In port June 20-Brshlp Blalrhoyle,
from Alsoa Bay, to load for .San Francisco.
HONG KONG- Arrived June 23— Belgic,
hence May 28."
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 23— StmrAller, fm
Bremen. _
snilei June 23— StmrTrave, for Bremen.
BOULOGNE— Arrived out June 23— Stmr Maas-
LIVERPOOL— Arrived out June 23— Stmr Teu-
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out June 23— Stmr
Ilecla
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out June 23— Stmr
PRAWLE POINT- Passed June 23 — Stmr
Aachen, from New York, for Bremen.
SCILLY— Jane 23— Stmr Manitoba, from
New York, for London; stmr Scandia, from New
York, for Hamburg. '".->.«.;
BEACHY HEAD— Passed June. 23— Strar Ph<e
nica, from Hamburg, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 23— Stmr City Of
Paris, for New York.
Importation*. -
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
287 sks potatoes, 4963 sks 1700 gunnies Hour, 231
bides and pelts, 1452 sks wheat. 400 sks bran. 24
pkgs hams. 6 pkz* dry salts, 957 rolls paper. 2 cars
box shook*. 10>65 ft lumber. 100 obis oil, 148 sks
sides, 369 bills barrel heads, 95 sks oysters, 94 --ks
bones, 2968 bd.3 shook*, 1 sk coin and express.
< <ni«iciip'>«.
P^r ; Columbia— Wells, Fargo <fc Co: Pacific Fer
tilizing Co : Clatsop Mill Co; OIEA Wagner; RD
Jones Lumber Co; B)ssinger<& Co; M B Moraghan;
U.irbce dc Immel; California Barrel Co; Kin/an A
Co: W P Fuller Cot Armour Packlnc Co: John
AVigniore: Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: T J «. or
win; J A Lacy; Western 801 l Paper Co: HDutani; 4V
Allen A Lewis; Otis. McAllister Co; M P Detels; *
Thomas Loughran; Moore, Ferguson <fe Co; W R
Larzelere; C J Leist Co; Hillens&Co; W C
Price & Co.
for Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page,FORGOTTEN BY
THEIR PASTOR,
Hitch at a Public Baptism
of "Rational" Con
verts.
WAITED THREE HOURS.
Rev. Edward Davis Immerses
Four Young Lady
Members.
FELL INTO THE BAPTISTRY.
The Steps Gave Away and There
Was a Small-Sized
Panic
Oakland Office Sak Francisco Cam.,)
908 Broadway, June Si. |
Four young ladies have a great griev
ance and a large audience have a moder
ate one against Rev. Edward Davis.
A couple of days ago there was to have
been a public baptism at tne Asbury
Methodist Church. For several weeks
Pastor Davis of the Central Christian
Church has been holding a "rational re
vival" at his church. Four of the converts,
all attractive young iadies, expressed a
desire to be received into full membership
and the afternoon for the event was fixed.
As the affair was a good opportunity for
an example to be set for others it was
made public and all were invited.
At the appointed time the church was
filled. Four o'clock was the hour ser and
at that time every seat was rilled. As ihe
minutes passed away and the ■ pastor did
not aDpear inquiry was made for him and
it was discovered that he was not in the
church. It was a sweltering afternoon
and the large audience did not relish the
long wait.
An hour passed away and Rev. Ed
ward Davis came not. Messengers were
dispatched around town and it was
learned that he was in San Francisco.
As 6 o'clock approached the wardens
became impatient and the young ladies
who were attired in baptismal robes did
not appreciate the situation any more.
As the light of day began to fade into
darkness an annoyed body of people de
cided that it was useless' to wait and so
they went : home, all wondering how the
methodical pastor could have failed to
keep such an important engagement.
It was afterward learned that Pastor
Davis had been attending the Ministerial
Association and had been detained. He
a note to the church, bat it miscar
ried and was not received.
The next day the baptisms were per- I
formed; but there was no' publicity at
tached ta the function, and the power of
the example was lost. Xobody but the |
four converts and a few lady friends, the
pastor and the janitor were present. Again !
if seemed as if fate had decided that the j
baptisms by immersion should not take
place without interruption. At the most |
solemn part of the occasion there was an
accident.
Rev. Mr. Davis, clad in his flowing
black robe and looking as dignified and
sanctimonious as the occasion demanded,
■was in the act of descending into the
water wh:n the steps began to shake, and
a~ the la>t one was reached it slipped from
under nis feet and the pastor and his
flowing locus were precipitated into the
water in a hurry. A young lady who was
also descending into the baptistry nar
rowly escaped an involuntary ducking.
When the excitement had calmed down
the ceremony proceeded.
The pastor has been very busy lately
explaining to his flock how it was that he
forgot all about the important engage
ment for which the Asbury Cnurch had
generously donated its auditorium and
baptistry.
NATIVE PRODUCTS ONLY,
Long List of Applicants for Space
at the August Expo
sition.
Many Pretty Designs in Fountains
and Flowers 'or the Outside
Grounds.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 23. f
The directors of the Alameda County
Manufacturers' and Producers' Exposition
are actively at work now, as the exposi
tion is to open August 3. The list of ap
plicants for space to mate exhibits is al
ready quite long, and is growing steadily.
The sense of the directors is that the ex
position shall be limited strictly to pro
ductions of the county.
The question as to how long the exposi
tion is to be kept open ha 3 not yet been
decided. A number of the directors con
tend that it would be well attended if
kept open during the month of August,
and even if the income the last two weeks
barely paid the expenses of keeping it
open it should be kept running for the
good of tho county. They urge that as
the exhibitors will nave gone to such an
expense to make a creditable display they
should be given the largest possible re
turn.
Others, however, contend that a two
weeks' fair would be all that would meet
with patronage. They hold that the fresh
fruit display would need replenishing so
often that a" longer period than two weeks,
so far as that department was concerned,
would be a failure. The matter will finally
be decided at their meeting Thursday
evening. ... ,__ .
A feature ol the exposition this year
will be the grounds surrounding the build
ing These are being inclosed by a high
board fence and are to be prepared by
landscape gardeners, and will contain
miniature tea gardens, lawns, woods,
brooks, waterfall.-, fountains and other in
teresting features where promenaders will
rind quiet rooks and corners to have a
social chat. Scattered about in tins in
closure will be the refreshraentbooths.
The following circular showing the ex
tent of the exposition is being widely dis
tributed:
The growth of manufacturing has been of
late years much greater than the people are
generally nwnre of. As to viticultural, horti
cultural and agricultural products, we believe
there i» no county in the State that can equal
AUmcda in quality and variety. With these
inspiring conditions before üb, it is intended
to brine all our resources to the attention of
the people, not only of this but of adjoining
counties as well. It is, therefore, hoped you
will lend your valuable aid by making a cred
itable display.
The exposition opens August 3. All ex
hibits must be in place and all work com
pleted by August 1. The necessity of the en
forcement of this rule is evident to all. As
the Oakland exhibition ends in August, and
the State Home Industry Fair commences
September 1, there will be ample time for
those who desire to attend both.
THEY FEAR DEATH.
Superstitious Chinamen Refuse to Re-
main at the Hospital.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— Gee Wing
and Gee Fong, two of the Chinese who
were murderously assaulted in their cabin
Sunday night by some white men, have
been moved from the Receiving Hospital
and taken to some place in Chinatown
where their minds will be at rest.
Tne two had occupied cots in the gen
eral ward. When W. M. Towle shot him
self on the Jerry- boat yesterday he was
brought in and laid on a cot in the same
room. The superstitious Mongolians
showed much alarm, and when he died
they took it as an evil omen and took no
rest until removed. Their condition is
quite critical, but Dr. Johnson believes
they will recover.
LOTTERY DEALER'S DEFENSE.
Claims Ho Wus Only an Innocent Wash-
house Man.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— Judge Wood
of the Police Court tried Ah Goon, a
Chinese lottery dealer, arrested by Officers
Murray and Murphy at 1325 Seventh
street, found him guilty and fined him
$150, with an alternative of seventy-five
days in Jail. The defendant took the
stand and admitted selling the ticket, but
said he did .-o because the complaining
witness begged him so hard to do so. He
denied that he was the proprietor of the
place, and claimed to be an innocent wash
house man. As he had served time before
the court took very little stock in his de
fense. As he is not one of Bip Jim's
agenis he will probably serve time.
EDITH HOWELL ABSENT.
Friends Believe That She Has
B°en Spirited Away From
Oakland
Only a Few Months Ago She Acci
dentally Learned Her True
Nam ?.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.l
908 Broadway, June Z } >. j
Edith Howell is missing and a Deputy
I Sheriff armed with a bench warrant has
been searching both sides of the bay for
her in vain. Miss Howell was to have
been the leading witness in the Drury di
i vorce case that was set for trial to-day in
i the Superior Court and which had to be
| postponed.
It is the opinion of the friends of J. K.
Drury that the girl has been spirited away
so that she could not testify in his behalf.
Miss Howeil is very petite, 19 years
old, and has attractive, classic features.
In her manner and appearance she eive*
indication of much inherited refinement.
: Her life has been a mystery throughout.
■ and only a short time ago did she rind out
her true name and then only by accident.
It has been stated by her that she is the
heir to a moderate estate in the East and
that she was kept in ignorance of her
identity so that others might claim what
I was rightfully hers. For a long time she
I lived with the Drarys and it was while
living with them that the circumstances
happened which form the bnsis of the
' present divorce suit. Edith Howell was a
\ witness to all this and was to have testified
i to-day as a witness for the husband.
Up to last Thursday Miss Howell was
living with a family at 517 Sixteenth street.
Her employer said to-day that Edith was
a remarkably good girl, and that her
actions for the past few days were a great
surprise. She was a sincere little member
of the Salvation Army, and my wife anl I
were greatly attached to her. She has re
sided with us about two months, and has
always been a faithful, irreproachable girl.
From various conversations it is very evi
dent that that there is a good deal con
nected with her early life that she does
not fully understand. Last Thursday «-he
had her day off and we have not seen her
since, although we received a postal from
her in San Francisco. She was in Oakland
last night, but I was unable to locate her.
Mrs. Hall of San Francisco, who is also
| a witness in the trial, said that Miss
! Howell stayed with her for three days
i after leaving Oakland and that she left
I last night and lias not been seen since.
"I believe she has been spirited away,"
said Mrs. Hall, 'so that she could not tes
tify. ' She is not the kind of girl that
ma"kes a habit of running away, but is a
, very upright little woman."
When the case was called in court to
i day and Miss Howell was not present a
bench warrant wad issued for her, but
although a deputy and many friends
I made a thorough search nothing could be
learned of her whereabouts and it is
believed that her absence is not voluntary.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland office San Franct?co CaXL, }
908 Broadway, June 23, 1896. j
Mrs. Lydia PrCBCOtt, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, will
make a report ot the work done by the society
during tho last s!.t months.
City Veterinarian Pierce is preparing a ro-
I port of the wurk done oy him during the past
year, and in it will incorporate his recom
mendations for the ensuing twelve months.
The notices of Assessor Dalton threatening
to seize and sell personal property on which
tuxes are delinquent have had the effect of
J causing a number of delinquents to pay what
i they owe the county.
The residence of Charles Dievee, son of
Joseph DievM, on the San Leandro road, was
entered by burglars during the absence of the
I family Suiiduy night, and the whole house
: thoroughly ransacked.
A family allowance of $«S5 72 has been
: eranted 'he widow of the latu General K. 1).
j Keys, from the date of death to the present
■ time, and !fSOU for the future until the close of
j the administration of the estate.
j County Expert Fred Davis has sent to the
saloon-keepers of the county outside of incor-
p orated cities and towns who have been evsd-
I ing the payment of their licenses notices to
immediately comply with the law, otherwise
they will be prosecuted to the fullest exient.
Will Float Proudly.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23. — Delegations
from Paul Revere Council of Berkeley,
James Monroe Council of Alameda
and George A. Custer and Henry
Clay councils of this city of the
Junior Order United American Me
chanics will hold appropriate ceremonies
to-morrow evening at Clinton plaza, on
East Twelfth sireet and Sixth avenue,
when they will unfurl a flag over it for the
first time. The plaza has never had a
"staff and flag, but John A. Logan Council
No. 31, Jr. O. A. U. M., recently organized
in that vicinity, has presented it with
those articles and with the assistance of
the above named delegations will fittingly
observe the event.
Key. U . ■ii.lt- 111.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— A recent
letter from Rev. C. W. Wondte, pastor of
the Unitarian Church here, now in Uoston.
reports him as confined to his bed for
three days. He declares he has no inten
tion whatever of severing his connection
with the charge in this city, but expects
to be with them again within a few weeks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
THE UNIT SYSTEM
IS THROWN OUT,
Alameda Supervisors Ad
vertise for New
Bids.
FIGURES MUST BE TRUE.
The Lowest Bidder on Paper
Must Be Lowest in
Fact.
YESTERDAY'S WORK UNDONE.
Rival Clothiers and Grocers Make
Things Lively in the Board
rocm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)^
■ ■ Broadway, June 23. f
The intricate method of awarding con
tracts so that the "lowest" bidder is able
to make the most money out of the county
was abandoned by the Supervisors at a
special meeting this afternoon. The facts
and figures published in this morning's
Call showing the stupidity and illegality
of the method resulted as was predicted,
in the bid?, being thrown out which were
not, in reality, the lowest.
Joseph Herrschor of San Leandro is the
only sufferer and he lias worked long and
hard for nothing, unless he should bid
again and be the lowest. The novel unit
system commended itself highly to the
San Leandro contractor, and by a system
t bat is quite inexplicable to the ordinary
mind he was the lowest bidder, although
his figures were $2000 higher than the
others on a contract ihe total of which is
but $50QU. In the face of the disclosures
it was impossible to award the contracts
and this afternoon all the bids were
thrown out.
The new schedule makes such bidding
impossible and each article is so specified
that only legitimate bids can be tendered.
The aggregate amount of the whole bi.i
must also be the. lowest, or it will be
thrown out.
The struggle over the supply of dry
goods to the County Infirmary nearly
provoked actual hostility. Joe Herrscher
and Joe Ha r rise were rival bidders and
the same complication arose as over the
groceries. One Joe said che other was not
an honest Hebrew snd there was a lively
reply. Each wanted to see the other's
samples, and each refused.
"What are you frightened about?"
asked Joe of San Leandro.
■'Too many fools around," said Joe of
Oakland.
"Somebody might steal some, eh?"
"Perhaps some of them have been
stolen and might be mortgaged; see?"
•Now, Mr. Harris^, you may be older
than I am, but — " said Joe of San Leandro.
"Don't cut any figure," said Joe of Oak
land, and the two men struck an attitude
like that expected of Corbett and Sharkey
at the Pavilion.
The row had been considered funny up
to this point, but when Supervisor Church
thought there was a possibility of the
beautiful new boardroom bcins stained
with blood he interfered and said: "Gen
tlemen, we are here to judge samples of
groceries and goods, not anything e.se."
The Supervisors went very carefully
over the samples and a coterie of house
keepers could not have expressed more
opinions. Dr. Clark of the infirmary
made complete analyses of the wood and
coal, Mr. Church passed on the t«a, Mr.
Talcott on the syrups and cabbages, and
County CierK Jordan on the infants' iood.
All the members sampled the tobacco.
When new bids are received they will
have to repeat the performance.
Never before has such interest been
shown in the annual award of bids, and
more fun is expected when the rivals meet
again.
VALE, PUNCTURED TIRES
The Ingenious Bicycle Device
of a # Berkeley In
ventor.
Changes in Electric Lighting Plans—
Republican Club— Bright News
Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 23.— The plant
of the Berkeley Electric Lighting Com
pany on Milvia street will be shutdown
in the near future, arrangements having
been made to secure a current from the
power-house of the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company. John A. Britton,
president of the Berkeley company, ap
peared before the Board of Town Trustees
last night and sought permission to carry J
out his plans of transmitting power from j
Oakland. He said that it would be to the
advantage of his company to obtain the
current by wire from Oakland and that
the service would in no way be affected by
so doing. No objections were raised and
it was decided to permit the company to
proceed with its new scheme.
The new project of the company means
the abandonment of the plans recently !
proposed by the company to erect a $20,000 i
new power house at the foot of Charming !
way.
No More Punctured Tires.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 23.— Richard \
Knott, a West Berkeleyan, has devised a
new bicycle, by the use of which ho be- j
lieves that the problem of punctured tires j
will reach a ready solution and that the
troubles with bursted pneumatics will be
matters of history. He further claims that
by the use of his device cyclers can ride up
steep hills without much exertion, or go
down without a brake.
The tires of the new wheel as invented j
by Knott will be of hard rubber, the same i
size as the ordinary pneumatic tires, but i
the bump.-* and jolts will be received by
two pneumatic tires placed as wheels
within the main wheel, and so as not to
touch the ground. They are inclosed by
metal faces— one on each side of the hub.
A hole of small size in one face maks it
possible to blow up the inner tires, so that
the effect secured will be indentical with
that by the tires in ordinary use.
The "motive power is exercised through
levers instead of pedals working upon
sprockets.
Knott declares that more power can be
attained with his wheel when climbing
hills than has been imagined possible
with a bicycle. He has already applied
for a patent on his device, ana is looking
forward to a rich harvest from the pro
ceeds of sales of royalties.
Republicans Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 23.— The Berke
ley Republican Club which was organized
a short time ago held a well-attended
meeting last night at Odd Fellows' Hall.
The next meeting of the organization will
be held on June 6. "
Following is the executive committee
which they elected: G. R. Lord .from
First Ward, Robert Carter from Second
Ward, E. D. Thomas from Third Ward,
W. C. Bissell from Fourth Ward, Thomas
Steven>on from Fifth Ward, J. I. Sykes
from Sixth Ward, A. W. Dutton from
Seventh Ward and J. T. Morrison at
large. Robert Ed<:ar, George E. Norton,
J. T. Ayres and 11. Johnson are ex-otficio
members of the committee.
Stole a Dress Suit.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 23— D. A.
Cavines3, a printer, was sentenced to
twenty days in the County Jail yesterday
by Justice James for appropriating a dress
suit and other articles of apparei belong
ing to certain members of Chi Phi fra
ternity, whose chapter-house is on
Durant avenue.
Caviness had been allowed by the young
college men to occupy a room in their
house daring the vacation, and becoming
suspicious of his action?, they instituted a
search, with '.he result tliat several things
not belonging to him were found in his
trunk.
Keligious Carmen.
TEMESCAL. Cal., Juno 23.— The re
ligious meetings being held among the
railroad men at Tcmescal on Tuesday
afternoons and Thursday evenings, under
the direction of Assistant Superintendent
Robertson, are increasing both in interest
and attendance. This afternoon Rev. Dr.
Curry delivered an address, and on next
Thursday evening Rev. .Dr. Ketchum of
the First Presbyterian Church in Berkeley
will speak.
Horse and Wagon Stolen.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 23.— Some time
last ni^rht thieves entered the stable of
Quong Lee, a Chinese laundryman, on
University avenue and stole his horse,
harness and delivery wagon. No clew
has yet Deen obtained against the robbers.
News Hotrt of luterest.
BERKELEY, Cal.. June 23.— Judge R.
3. Carpenter of Los Arsgeles will be the
speaker of the evening at the Republican
meeting to-morrow evening.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Crescent Athletic Club held last evening
j it was decided to move from their present
l quarters in order to reduce expenses.
A gospel tent has been erected by the
i Seventh-day Adventists on Fairview
i street. Meetings will De held every even
in n.
Mrs. John Ballard of Claremont avenue,
j together with her children. FranK and
Get trade, and her sister, Mrs. M. A. Buck
nam, will leave this week for & six weeks'
visit to Honolulu.
The Merrail Mill and Ore Crushing Cora
i panj' has leased several large building-) in
| the vicinity of the Judson Iron Works an 1
! will commence operations in the near fu
j ture.
The Temescal Grange will visit the Hay
\ wards Grange in a body next Saturday for
'■ the purpose of participating in a union
I picnic.
The Salincer baseball team will play the
j Crescent City club on Saturday at '1 o'clock
on i he university campus.
The members of the Temescal Fire De
partment are actively preparing for their
: next entertainment, which will be given
I on the evening of July 'I'l.
The liquor ordinance was revised at the
! meeting of the Town Board last night per
i mining the storing of a certain quantity
j for private use.
HAVE ENOUGH DRIVERS,
Sufficient Entries to Compete
at Ingleside on
July i.
Burial of the Victim of a Sad Acci
dent — Agitation in B3ha!f
of F. True.
ALAMEDA, Cai.., . June 23.— At the
; meeting of the Alameda Driving Associa
] tion held last night it was decided to allow
j certain semi-professional drivers to become
members of the association.
This was done so that a full list of en
| tries for the Ingleside race meeting on
j July 1 might be obtained. Horses could
j be obtained but gentleman driver* were
; scarce, so by the inclusion of Messrs. Toll,
■ Holme.-, Ober, Berry man, .Lafferty and
Worthover among the members of the as
sociation the difficulty was overcome.
The horses that will compete for the
I p nrse of $200 are : McMahon's Marguerite,
i Highby's Con, Borden's Fay, Dr. Bull's
1 Monte, Moreal's Moraga, Cornelius' Dark
j Horse, Bain's Amazon and Frank P.
I Thwaite's Clay 11.
A Sad Interment.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 23.— The re
mains of the ill-fated Rev. E. P. Baker,
■ whose body was found at the bottom of a
precipice 75 feet high, at Ben Lomond on
Sunday evening, were received here this
morning by C. H. Weyer, undertaker, and
interred in the family plat at Mountain
View Cemetery.
The deceased gentleman and his wife
were spending the summer at the cottace
of their son-in-law, Foster P. Colo of the
San Francisco Furniture Company, and
who resides in this city.
He went for a ride on his bicycle, and it
! is supposed that as he was riding down a
i steep hill he lost control of his wheel.
There being no railing on the bridge he
went over the side into the creek below.
In r.fliiilf of True.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 23. —C. F.
True's friends who have had children at
• tending his school are taking steps to call
an indignation meeting. The time and
place are to be determined on to-morrow.
The two gentlemen who are prominent in
the affair are C. T. Holbrook, collector for
the Simpson Lumber Company, San Fran
; cisco, and J. S. Shearman of the auditor's
I department in the Southern Pacific Com
i pany.
PERTINENT QUESTIONS.
Sergeant Bodgklna "Wants to .Know
Why Certain Par 1 Irs Are So
Interested.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— Chief of
Police Lloyd and Sergeant Hodgkins will
not be weakened in the least in their
efforts to bring the perpetrators of the
gold brick swindle to justice by the failure
of the jury to convict Andrew Root, alias
Nesbit, alias Miller, alias Morton, etc., the
gentleman charged with complicity in
having fleeced Stephen G. Little, the
Dixon banker, out of $7500 on the old and
time -honored "gold brick" scheme.
Sergeant Ho<igkins in sneaking of the
case to-day said: "There are some things
in connection with the defense 1 do not
understand. Why is it this man, Patsy
Carroll, has been such a constant atten
dent upon this trial? Why is it that he
turned up in Phil Crimmins' saloon within
two minutes after I placed Gordon under
arrest? Why is it that he has been treat
ing everybody connected with the case
who would accept right along during this
trial?
"In order to see what class of people
want to see these men acquitted one
only needs to look into the courtroom
while the trial is going on. Nearly every
known crook and sporting man of the city
was in attendance."
The case of "Big Foot" Dave Gordon,
charged with being the principal in the
"gold-brick" steal, has been postponed
until July 17 by consent, when it will be
pushed vigorously by the District Attor
ney.
• — — • __
Want a Change.
OAKLAND. Cal., June 23.— The lease of
the United States Government on the
building occupied by the Postoffice will ex
pire November 30, nnd there is an effort
being made by merchants and business
men to have it located nearer the center of
the business district. The selection of the
site and the arranging of the terms are all
in the hands of Postal Inspector Munroe.
SHE IS HEIR TO
A BIG ESTATE.
Mrs. C. A. Lorenzen Will
Go East to Claim Her
Father's Property.
IT IS WORTH MILLIONS.
Left to His Three Children by
a Wealthy Cincinnati
Merchant.
FORTY ACRES IN THE CITY.
Discovered Her Wealth After It Had
E-caped Her Memory for
Many Years.
Mrs. A. C. Lorenzen of this City hag dis
covered that she is the heir to an estate of
great value in Cincinnati, Ohio, and is !
making preparations to claim what she
believes to be her own, by legal means if
necessary.
Mrs. Lorenzen is the wife of Christian
Loren/.en, of the firm of McFarland Bros.,
the sash and door manufacturers, whose
planing-mill is at 225 and 227 Berry street,
and resides in a cozy residence at 520 Oak j
street. Thirty years ago she lived with
her parents in Cincinnati and there met
Mr. Lorenzen.
Her father was S. Lowenstein, a wealthy |
merchant of the Ohio city, who, by thrift |
and a few fortunate turns in business, j
accumulated a handsome fortune in real
estate and securities. The wedding with
i the man who is now her husband was a
! social event in the circles in which the
; Lowenstein family moved, and shortly
after the marriage Mr. Lort-nzcn and his
bride moved to California.
A year later Mr. Lowenstein died, leav
ing his wealth to his children, consisting
of Mrs. Lorenzen and a brother and sister
who resided in Cincinnati. The principal
item of property was a forty-acre tract
in the outskirts of the city, which at that
time was rather too far from the business j
and residence centers to be of trreat mo- j
ment, but which has since appreciated im
mensely in value.
At the time of her father'n death Mrs. j
Lorenzen leceived a considerable sum as !
her portion of the estate, but no partition j
was made of the forty acres, and after ai
time it passed out of the mind of Mrs.
Lorenzen that sne was a part heir to the
tract. Recently, however, while going over
a lot ot old papers she came upon docu
ments that brought to her mind the an
cestral acres and she began an investiga
tion for more information. As a result of
her search she recalled the provisions of
her father's will, which were that this
tract should not bo sold or divided by '
those to whom it was left, but should re
main in the family.
Further investigation on Mrs. Loren- :
zens part develoned the fact that the
spread of the city had brought the tract
into the fold and that it must be in a dis
trict where town lots would command
fancy prices.
Figuring the prices of real estate in the
| F.iistern city the conclusion was arrived at
| that the tract must be worth from $I,(XX),
--i 000 to $2,000,000, and Mrs. Lorenzen at I
once made preparations to ascertain the
status of affairs and claim her own.
"Of course," she said last evening, "I
do not know how matters stand, but I do !
know that under the provisions of my !
father"s will that forty acres that is so [
valutiMe could not be divided or sold and ;
should now bo bringing in a big income.
"I shall go East to look after my inter
ests if necessary, and shall certainly push
my claims to the property, even though I
have to go to the courts."
NOVEL SCHOOL METHODS,
Interstate Correspondence of In
telligent Primary
Pupils.
A California Girl Answers the Letter
of a Boy in Arcola,
Illinois.
A new method of teaching history and
geography la the public schools has just j
been developed, or rather it lias just '
reached San Francisco from the East.
Miss Goggin, a wideawake fifth-grade !
teacher of Arcola, 111., sent to Supenn- {
tendent Babcock the following letter, writ
tea by a pupil of her class to a fellow
primary pupil of this City, with a request |
that it be answered by some child here in
the same grade of one of our schools:
akcoi.a, 111., fleb. 20, 1890.
Dear School Friends: I thought I would
write you c lew lines as was requested by our
te&cber. She told us to write about Arcola,
hut as I just moved here the first of s-opt.
lSlij aud do not know much about Areola. I:
will name oi the things raised here first com i
or maize, "2nd broom-corn. 3rd wheat, 4th oats,
sth potatoes end most of ali vegetables. What j
all do you raise there? lielaware Ohio where ;
I came from was a great timber city. I think
there is not much lumber raised here. Areola I
is the largest broom-corn center in the world.
Well, I wf ll have to clobe, hoping to be better '
acquainted with you the next time I write.
Your Affectionate Friend
Harrison Tibbals.
The answer to this le:ter was written by
Elvezio llossi, a pupil in the Longfellow
Primary, of whicn school Miss Jennie
Smith is principal. In penmanship and
paragraphinT the epistle-of young Rossi is ■
superior to that of Master Tibbals. Fol- i
lowing is the copy:
San Francisco. Cal., June 10, 1896.
Dear Harrison Tibbals : I was very glad to !
receive your letter, and will take great pleas- i
ure in answering you.
1 will name some things raised here in Cali
fonila, corn, wheat, vegetables and fruit.
There is a fine view of the Pacific Ocean from !
the Cliff House. The old Cliff House was
burnt down and a fine new one is built. Near :
by there are new baths, and the boys have iots
of fun diving under water nnd sliding in the :
water from the slidiiiß-boßrds.
There is a new road that Sutro owns, and
there are Sutro electric cars running from
Central avenue to the Cliff House and a butro
car running to the park.
There is a park in S. F. celled Golden
Gate Pnrk and it is a lovely place.
There are donkeys, goats and a merry-go
round for boys and girls. There nre some
monuments in Golden Gate Park, Garfield's,
Starr King's and Francis Scott Key's monu- |
ment.
There is a place on Haight St. called Shoot j
the chutes. One day a balloon went up and i
caught on fire. Your Friend,
£lvezio Rossi.
The character of this interstnte school corre- j
spondence meets with the warm approval of j
Superintendent Babcock, who will do every- i
thing in his power for its encouragement and
promotion upon the reopening of the school
In August. ' [
AUCTION SALE FOR OREMTORS.
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed in my bands by the CBEDITOBB of the
ORIENTAL ©TRADING-© COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises,
419 KEARNY STREET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 1O:3O A. M. and 2 P. M., and Continuing Dally Until All Is Sold.
This is positively the largest stock on the cobs', consisting of Oriental Ococo Hugs, Klegant Screens.
Bronzes, Lautoa furio.-i. Old S.usuma. K'n;n, Kocil. Cloisonne. Awata. Uishu. Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Anciunt and Musical Instruments. £ale positive as store is rented. Lu;liea particularly invited.
CHAS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
AUCTION SALE.
SHERIFF'S WAREHOUSE,
211 Zjarls.i3i Street,
THURSDAY, JUNE 25.
To close up the business of the late Wescott &
Son I will sell the unclaimed goods of the above
warehouse, including 10 Pianos, 20 Klegant Fold-
ing Beds and ten thousand dollars' worth or Fine
Furniture and other goods. Walt for this sale.
L. H. BURP. Auctioneer.
\mw sale.
Slaughtering prices balance of assignee's sale.
I Rockaways, Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc., must
I go. Come and make .an offer. 1128-1141
; Mission st.
THE MAYOR'S VIEWS
Hi 9 Kxpliination of the Condition of
High School Grounds.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— Mayor J. L.
Davie in an open letter on the present
j unsightly condition of the new High
| School grounds says the Board of Public
I Works, at the request of the Board of
Education, placed the park gardeners of the
j city at the disposal of the school depart
! merit to put the grounds in proper order,
but the Street Superintendent ordered
them not to proceed to the work.
He says upon investigation he found the
Street Superintendent was acting under
orders from two members of the Board of
I'ublic Works, given without legal au
thority, as the action of the board at a
special or regular meeting. This action,
he says, seem* to him rather queer.
Sunday 3laneuverß.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— Chief Fair
of the Fire Department nnd his Sunday
morning drills of the men under him are
I causing residents in the vicinity of Tvven
! tieth and Franklin streets considerable
! bother. The horses are left tied to private
hitching-posta while the men are at work,
and the amnifils destroy the lawns, it is
claimed. A Mis. Mercier has made coni-
I plaint regarding the nuisance, but so far it
i has not been abated.
The First Suit
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— The first
damage sun against the Oakland, San
Leandro and Haywards electric road «
the result of the accident to a car on trie
Twelfth-street dam on the morning of May
20, has been filed by Miss Bessie M. Elba.
She claim 3to have|receiveci permanent, in
juries as a result of the car being thrown
from the track by a broken axle and asks
$5175 damages.
-♦ — « — •
Court » iirntion
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23.— The annual
vacation of tho Superior Court Judges be
pins to-day and continues until August 15.
There will be one court in session, how
ever, at all times for the accommodation
of criminal cases and for Hearing?, where
consent is mutual. Most of the Judges
have cases set all through vacation and
they will have very little time away from
the city.
NEW TO-DAY.
~~RJ J.F.CUTTER
h^l EXTRA
fllii
iJ,F. CUTTER
EXTRA
Old
mil
Bourbon
J^^^^ lias been
family and
I "^*Tj medicinal
U^witel whiskey
I 4* kxtba ! for a
; I 4&W^%}& quarter-
W^y * century.
LgU, I MARTIN
: [jg»«»*t»rS*» - ffl«pJ 8c GO.,
F»=§S|ga 411 Market St.,
I— .Hfint San Francisco.
' >felg^£gg^^»
/^~%. I)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JraSOTME *' — '*• HKARX V ST. Established
ImM VJtSI '" '•**•** for the treatment of Private
|giiJ^.-ffiOT' DisMiaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Wp»gMflißL 1 wearing on hodyanciiniridai'.d
jHHMKBB skin DisPases. I'hedoctorcureswhen
3nHßn49<>tt!t>rsfuil. Try him. Charges low.
<-"'»■•"' jr l "**"-' 11 "' I *- Callorwrite.
| fir. J. »'. «<fI!BO.1i, Box 1057. San Francisco.
OCTSAW STEAMSHIP*
; COMPARE fiOEiML TftAJSATLAJTHp
French Lii«» to Havrr>.
COMPANY'S PISA NORTH JSrfU
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by sSftraX
this line avoid both transit ny English railway aiTl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yori to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Pun*
• flrst-claai $160: second-clasj, $llti
• i ) A TOUKAINK. CapU Santelll....May 2$ 8 A. m.
LA NORMANDIE Slav UK, 8 a. *.
! LA GASCOGNB ....Ja e 'JO. 7A. U.
1 ; LA NOH i \.Ni'l <■.....- July 4, 6 a. x.
I ! LA CiAi-COGNK July 25. 11 A. M.
LA v <>': : vX I ) 1 .... August 1, 5 a, H.
' LA ROt'Ruof'.NK, Capt. Leb"#nf .Tune 6, 7a. U.
tar For further partlcalani apply to
A. KOKUK r, Agent.
No. 380 v in ,, ureen, New Yorlfc
1 ; 'J. F. FCGAZI & CO., AKenti 5 Moutgomapf
%venue. San t'runciacu.
WHITE jfTIK-UIBL. '
! United States and Royal Mall Stoamen
•. ! . BETWEEN 1 .
i New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
! SAl[,l>ti KVKKV »\j:»;k.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jgpr*
I XJ lni; to steamer ami arcoiumnilatioris £i^ii£2
i selected; second cabin, $35 and MO; M«l3«:c and
> j Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway »nd IKnmarlc
i [ through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
' ■tiling dates and cud.ii plans may be procured
I from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or nt the
, General <<01ce of the Company, 613 Market street
' ■adwr UMad Hotel. G. W. Fletcher,
• • General Agent for Pacific Coast.
I STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
: At 5 I*. ■> I>»ily: afierJuiy 1, *} P." M.—
i ireiirht received up to .>:.'!;> P. M.
: Sunday at 7 P. 31.
1 ! JO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. .
• STKA.ltt.Klts:
I ! T. C. Walker. ~ J. I>. Peters,
I ■ Mary <iarratt. . City of Stockton.
| - Telephone Mala 805. Cat. H»v. and hunt, Co
GUARD AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY,
I 1119 UA I t
Wednesday June 24, 1890,
At 10 o'clock a. M., at
MISS UL.&.'R'Y LAKE'S
SCHOOL,
i S. E. Corner of Slitter and Octavia Sts.,
THE ELEGANT AND ELABORATE
! Drawing- Room, Reception - Room,
Library, Music-Room, Dinin^r-
Room and Chamber
FfIRNITIIRR
BY CATALOGUE,
COMPRISING IN PART,
10 Concert Grand, Upright and Square Pianos—
Steinway, *. hickerin;.'. Decker, Weber, Kosener
I ana Light & Co.'s makes; Biota and Elegantly Up-
I holstered Sofas, Arm and Easy Chairs, Lounges,
' Patent Rockers, Reception Chairs, etc. : Solid oak
Reception. Rocking: and Patent Rocking Chairs;
Solid Oak, Walnut ana Ebony Bookcasss, Cabi-
j nets and Music-Stands: Klaborate Carved Solid
Oak Bedsteads, Bureaus and Chiffoniers; 25 Oak
Chamber. Sets; Hair Spring Mattresses; Rich Glace
I Armolres; MaznlHcent Gold Frame Mirror; Mag-
nificent Oak Sideboard and Hat Tree; Dlning-
: Tables; Butler's Sideboard: Vienna Bentwood
Chairs; Onyx and Ebony Pedestals; Bronze Man-
tel-Clock; Elegant Bric-a-Brac; Klegant Engrav-
i ings and Ktchlngs: Japanese Plaques: China,
! Glassware and Plated Ware: Elegant Lambre-
quins and Lace Curtains and Cornices. Also
The Contents of the Gymnasium and
Schoolrooms,
COMPRISING
i 50 Sets Pulley Lifts, 75 Sets Indian Clubs, 100
| Sets Dumbbells: V 4 Circle Foils, Masks and Pads;
j ■ Ilaud-.oine Platform Scales: Rich Books, Charts,
; etc.: 260 School Desks, assorted sizes; 12 Teach-
eri 1 Desks, and an endless variety of articles for
: school purposes.
Residence open for inspection on Monday, June
22, 1896, from 9 o'clock a. m. until 6 o'clock p. m.
Catalogues at residence on Monday and at our
office.
Remember the hour of the sale, at 10 o'clock
A. M
Auction sale . Tuesday and Wednesday. ! June
23 and '24, 1896.
EASTOJJ, ELDRIDGE St CO..
. - Auctioneers.
Office, 638 Market Street.
OCEAS STEABISHIF3.'
ASTORIA ANFPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
| MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails June -7, July 7, 17 and 27
fcia;e of California sails July 2, 12 and 22
From Sptar-st. Wharf (Pier *J4) at 10 a. it
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Genl. Supts,
V. F. CONNOK, Gennral Agent,
__ 630 Market street.
! PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COJIPAST
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUCET SOUND.
S*lrst Class &0.00
Second Class ASOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— "few Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PKBKINS A CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
] STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jßfi&L-
I ) Broadway wharf, Ban Francisco, as «**rir
follows: „„
; For Mary Island. Lorlnsr. Wran-teU Juneau. Kit
i llsnoo ana Silka (Alaska), ac y a. m., June %
18, '.$. *8 .Jniy :«. 13. IS, 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Tow»
send, Seattle, Taconi», Everett, Anacortes and Sew
Whatcom {Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. X.
I J-iit- -3. ■. 18. ■- 3B 28. and every flftli
' day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. X., at lacoiaa with N. P. K. X,
at Seattle with U. X. Ry.. a; Pori Townwnd witu
Alaflca steamer*.
i or Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landlnst (Kara-
bo;dt Hay) sir. Pomona. 2 c. m.. June a, •.. la
14 i->. _••-'. -'•• S'j and every fourth day thereafter,
for Santa Crar., Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Oaviota, Santo
' Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. .San Pedro. East San
: Pedro (Los An^eiea) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jane
i « 1" lii, 'JO, SMi -■* and every Jourtb, day there-
after. ' ■ ' "
* For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfort
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port' Lot
Anceles Redondo (Los Anceles) and Newport. 11
i 7. it.. i>i "'■ -11 ''■ '"• '*! '«. '-'-■ '-«. 30auJ every
j iourt'l'i day thereafter.
For Ensenada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, U%
Tat Aliata and Ouaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizib*
' 10 a. M., Jane si, '27, antt *jsth ot cacti month there-
* Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
! '^"GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Oftn'l Agentj.
10 Marlcet st. Man Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, &^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, IMS by
AUSTRALIA. '^S AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMIUA sails via HONOLULU aD'l
j AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, Juna 25,
at 2 r. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
s. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Sntctai party raies.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Asrts.
114 MotitKomery si
I Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
1 ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE A Si- IK WALL /SjS*.
fortnightly for the West Indies and -•■ AM
\ Southampton, calling en route at C-rbourgli.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
1 Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
1 Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 195 ; third
! class, $97 80. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT <& CO., Agents,
■ '" ' " SOS California at.
riLLEJO,:I.IRE ISLASD. "KOCH, PO&r
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STII. MOXTICKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. ft
and 4 jr. X. :. Saturday, lv:30 a. m., 3:30 p. Ml
Sunday— a p. v.
•4 ml only.
■ Laodlns* fili*§ioa l, I,'ier 4»
1314
GLAD HAND OF
THE UNIVERSITY.
Regents Extend It to the
Bucolic Taxpayers of
the State.
FIFTY RURAL MEETINGS
College Professors Will Go Out
to the Orchards and
Hayfields.
THE AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
Appropriations Will Not Lapse, and
Work of Construction Caa
Go Ou.
The regents of the university yesterday
decided that the professors and subordi
nate instructors of the agricultural de
partment of the Berkeley institution of
learning should go to the country
and jireet the farmer in the hayfield. the
orchard and vineyard. Al 1 along the line I
oi agricultural industry from "Siskiyou i
to San Diego, from ihe Sierra to the sea,"
I the college professor will
ten led to t c bucolic taxpayer.
Fifty public meetings wiil be held in dif
ferent sections oi the Mate, the prime ob
ject being to convince the producing classes
that the university is not neglecting the
vital interests of agriculture while its pro
fessor.- are giving lofty thought to higher
.lion.
The regents authorized an expenditure
the missionary work, and did
isguiae the feet that rural sentiments
in behalf of increased appropriation of
public money for the university was the
animating purpose of the expedition.
Regents Wallace and Foote presided al
ternately at the session yesterday after
dood at the Mark Hoptdna Institute.
other regents present were : Messrs. Marye,
John E. Budd. Lynch, Black, Kellogg,
Martin, Demcke, "Miller, Hallidie, Rein
stein and Rodgers.
This scheme to appropriate money for
infusing in the rural mind a proper en- i
t usiasm for the agricultural work of the j
university was introduced to the regents i
some time ago in the form ol a report by '■
means committee. Two j
ways of raising money were suggested.
The hr.-t was to tax eacn student $10 a
term. 1 his was rejected. The second was
to hold fifty public meetings and then go
to the Legislature for assistance. This
Was adopted after a long discussion, in
which Regents Hal! die, Martin, Marye
and Miller opposed the proposition.
Speeches in favor of the measure were
made by Regents Wallace, Rodgers, Foote,
- em, Denicke, Lynch and Jonn E.
Budd.
J. West Martin asked respectfully If this
proposition to educate the people was not
a campaign to educate the Legislature in j
order that a large appropriation might be
obtained.
Ex-Speaker Lynch, candidate for Lieuten
ant-Governor on the Republican State
ticket, said there was a feeling throughout
California ti.at agriculture was neglected
at me university and higher education ad
vanced. Now, should it go forth that the
university was too poor to send out repre
sentatives to meet the farmers a bad ltel
ing would be produced.
Arthur Rodgers niaile a vigorous and an
aUe argument in favor of sending the
professors to school — sending them out to
the vineyards and orcuards to study the
..tare of the State, which was so
ent from the agriculture of the East
ern States.
Judge Wallace conceded that economy
in public and private affairs was desirable
and then he introduced a '•but' with a
ig B to prove that the mission of the
- was to spend money to promote
something of much ereater value than
money. He observed that the people
owned the university and it was the duty
of the regents to show the proprietors
what had been done. Should more money
be needed the people would knock at tne
door of the treasury and open it.
Regent Denicke wanted to know if the i
university was to be closed because a de- I
liciency was threatened. "Are we going to !
follow the example of the City and shut
off the lights because money is scarce?"
He advocated the expenditure of $3ol>o, be
lieving that it would prove beneficial to
the State.
J. West Martin recalled the many diffi
culties and embarrassments which "the re
gents ot the past had encountered, but
through all the trials the board had never
treated a deficiency. IU w«i a State board
presenting tins exceptional record of man
ag> meni, and he regretted to ace the great
principle violated.
Regent Haliidie was against the prin
ciple of cr^atin a debt.
Regent Miller said ne could not vote for
a measure which seemed like an offer to
bribe the Legislature.
A motion to refer the report to the
finance committee was lost.
The section of the report authorizing an
f-xpenditure of $3500 to hold fifty public
meetings in the rural districts was adopted
by the following vote: Ayes — Lynch,
Black, Denicke, Kellogg, Budd, Foote,
Keinstein. Rodger^, Wallace— 9. Noes —
Hallidie, Martin, Marye. Miller— 4.
The rest of the report was laid over until
the July meeting.
By common consent Judge Wallace's
proposition, advanced at a previous meet
ing, to displace Professor Flagg and ap
point Professor Bonneil assistant instruc
tor of Greek, went over until the next
Bession.
President Kellogg recommended the ap
ment of S. D. Ayers, C. F. Loricke,
Leroy Jones and John looby as patrons
of agricultural stations, and* concurrence
was given.
John Calvert was appointed professor of
pharmacy, vice Seifert, resigned.
The regents received the gratifying in
telligence that Judge Wallace, Mr, Rein
stein and Attorney Mhoon had conferred
with Attorney-General Fitzgerald and the
result of the conference was the assurance
that the regents could go right ahead
with the building of affiliated colleges, as
the entin appropriation of $250,000 would
be available. It was feared at one time
that the sum of $125,000 would lapse to
the treasury by reason of delay in begin
ning the work of actual construction.
It is understood that the regents will fol
low strictly the laws of tne State regard
ing the construction of the public build
ing. The money end of the proposition
will be looked afier by the Board of
Examiners.
Assessment Levies
The Pacific Kruit Company has sued James
Robert? )or $">Bl> duu ior delinquent asse?s
ments on stock of that company. Fred Maurer
was sned for and J. H. Coon lor #620 on
the same ground.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Frandaoo Cam~
/io Market street, open until 12 o'clock ererj
eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-630 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
KW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opas
until 9 o'clock.
3618 Mlaslen street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'cleok,
NOTICE OF BIKETINGS.
MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. ■
tfrjS' and A. M.— Called meeting Tills B^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at "'™TUf
o'clock. Second degree. By order of thf'V >
W. M. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
(K3S> CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. m
ufe^ and A. M.— Called meeting THlb_f^
WEDNESDAY, at 7:30 p. M. Third degree. TK3T
By orner of the W. M. />V \
H. FORTRIKDK, Secretary.
S^^F^VeRBA BUENA LODGE «*_uai_sfc.
_ £& No 15, 1. O. O. F — Regular SXpjpCXL
meeting THURSDAY EVEN ING,
June 25. at 8 o'clock. As very im- " 11VN
portant business will come before the meeting It is
earnestly requested that all members be present.
E. a. HARRISON, N. G.
M. R. Jkffkrs Jr., R. S.
Vts&* THE OFFICERS AND MEM- . O>.
I*—? bers of the san Francisco Scot- a, QJ/1
tish Thistle Club are requested to at- TjkXi*
tend the funeral of our deceased clans- '^fcs^*
man. JOHN DONALD, from his late residence,
121 Arkansas street, Potrero, WEDNESDAY,
June 24,1896, at 1:30 p. m. By order
J. D. COULIK, Royal Chief.
Gko. W. Patkkson. Recorder.
ffl__r» R KBE L CORK BENEVOLENT ASSO-
_—^ ciation— The committee on picnic of this
society will meet at Academy Hall on THURS-
DAY EVENING, June 25. 1596, at 8 o'clock
r. M.. to make arrangements for the tenth an-
nual picnic, which will be held at shell Mound
Park ou Sunday. August 2. 18&6.
P. CORKERY, Chairman.
Mahonky. Secretary.
yag» GRAND PICNIC— ORDKR OF CHOSEN
fit~-^ Friends at Agricultural Park, san Jose,
SATURDAY. June 27. 'Tickets, round trip. $1;
children, 50 cents. Train leaves Third and Town-
send sts. 9 a. M.. stopping at Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia sts. Games, prizes, bicycle race. 'I he pro-
ceeds to be donated to the injured and homeless
members of the late cyclone at si. Louis. Tickets
for sale on the morning of the picnic at Third and
Townsend sts. and Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts.
M'KCIAL. NOTICES.
jP^SaSDOXED CHILDREN IN ST.
£S— ' Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
uary 1, 1895: Robert Butler. a?.> 5 yean; Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Charles Connolly, age 6 years:
Mary Fagalda, age 3 years: James Fagalda, are 1
year: Kddie McCarthy, age 6 years: Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 6 years; Nathan Bnrloggi, age 3
years. ■
■F-g- DRS. .HOLsMAN AND LINQUIST-RE-
836' moved to 1370 Market st. ; poor treated free.
p^s» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
—^& collections made, City or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
tt—S= COFF_Y*S COLLECTION C<\. 235
it—? Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10: all
costs Al.l. Telephone Ked 364.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
m^S* DIVIDEND ~N OTIC X — Til K C< ) LI" M-
ar-£ r bjan Banking Company. 236 Bosh St., for
the half year ending June 30, 1896, lias declared ■
dividend oi 6 percent per annum on the paid-up j
capital, payable on and aSter.lulv 1, 1896.
C. O. PERRY, Cashier.
H^S» DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
t»— ' Loan society, 101 Montgomery su, corner
sutter. For the half-year ending June 30. ISi'B. a
dividend lias been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-two one bundredtlis (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits anil three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.601 per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends rot called j
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 189t>.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
STTS 3 DIVIDEND NOTICE.— GERMAN j
S^& Savings and Loan society, 526 California :
st. — For the half year ending June 30, 181*6, a |
dividend has been "declared at the rate of four and j
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cmi per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five ,
hundredths (3 55-100) per cent per annum on 1
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
GKO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
srap DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL 3AV-
-1t& ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post sU— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per c -nt per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.33%) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1,1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
m— ** Society, 18 Geary si.— The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent,
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
K^ae* DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
S^' Savings Union, 532 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896. a Oividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one liun-
dredths (4 32-10J) cent on term deposits and
three and sixty one-hundreaths (3 60-100) !er
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist Of July, 1896.
I. .VKI.I. WHITE, cashier.
it^S 3 CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
%~& THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for ?1 50,
postage iTce.
SITUATIONS WASTED- FEMALK.
Oft WING OR HELP IN HOUSEHOLD DUTIES
k~ by day or week, by bright, Intelligent lady hav-
ing best references. Add. K.,bt»x 102, Call Oflice.
n- ANTED— POSITION AS CHAMBERMAID
in respectable lodging-house. Please call or
address 43."> Pine st.
~/~~h KM A N W DOW, WHO HAS BEEN A
' J short while In this country, wishes a position
In a Jewish family; is a first-class coo». Apply
1527 Stockton su, candy-store.
M" IDTI.K - AGED AMERICAN W OMAN
wishes to do housework: good cook. Call or
address 10 Zoe St.
rA NTED— BY A SCOTCH GIRL A SITUA-
f.on as eh Id's nurse; understands bottle baby;
good reference. Apply 1016 Larkln st.
\\' OMAN WANTS WORK BY Tut; DAY; IS
" a good laundress; will da housecleaning. Call
110 3 Powell sU
LDEP.LY LADY WISHES to TAKE cake
of eh Id, Room 46, 1.8 six.h
yoUNG DANIsH GIRL WISHES SITUATION
X as children's nurse. 1643 line si-
ON EST YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO AS-
slst In light housework or chamberwork 5
or 6 hours a day in re. urn for 2 meals a day only.
Address H. Y. W., bor 63, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN, GOOD
111 cook, wishes situation in small family: would
assist with washing; first-class butter-maker; city
or country. 314 Jessie st.
/ • UVEBNEBS— YOUNG LADY WISHES sir-
vJT uation: city or country: English, German,
French, drawing, music; willing to travel. . la-
dress K. S., Postoilice, San Mateo.
EXPERIENCED LADY WISH POSITION
Xj as housekeeper or to cook in small family ;
city or country. Call 86 Ninth st,
h"> MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO GEN-
•■ral housework; wages $12 to $15. Call three
(lays. 2712 Bush, bet. Devisadero anil Broderick.
1 \RKSSMAKKR. GOOD FITTER. WISHES
XJ more engagements in families; $1 per day.
Address O. P.. box 61, this office.
'I DOW WITH ONE CHILI) WISHES SIT-
' » uation as housekeeper in widower's :amily or
do cliamberwork in he country: would prefer to
work on a ranch. Address MRS. K. BRADLEY.
Salvation Army She] Stevenson st.
W ANTED— I WO FRIENDS WANT situa-
'> tions together, oi:e as cook, the other as I
chambermaid aud waitress in a country hotel.
Address MRS. N. CARROLL, sausalito.
G" OOD BUSINESS WOMAN WOULD LIKE
some one to start her in a lodging-house;
would act as working housekeeper: thoroughly
domesticated. Address P. A., box 123, Call office.
\Y ANTKD— POSITION AS I N V A L I D ' - '
' ' nurse and companion; would make herself
useful; moderate salary. X., box 63, Call Office.
IRL WISHES TO DO SEWING, MENDING
or nursing by the day. Address 142 Seventh,
room 6.
y OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
1 light housework or would take care of baby.
Call 321 1/2 tehama St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
\'OUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X traveling companion to lady going to Europe,
or would take charge of children ou same trip.
Address B. M., 736 Twenty-fifth st.
yoUXO GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X light nousework; wages $12 to $15. Call at
628 O'Farrell sU
ITUATIoN wanted by YOUNG WOMAN
in A— eiican family to do general housework.;
wages $1 ■> to $20; city only. Call 916 Howard si.
4 1 YOUNG GIRLS WISH SITUATIONo, ONK
— < for chamberwork and the other for chamber-
work and wait at table. Call 1 lli()i 2 Stevenson
St.. off Twelfth.
\~' OUNG WOMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK,
X washing or any kind of work by the day. 71 .31-2
Clementina st., near Eighth. ■ " :.- .
IRL WISHES A SITUATION IN AN
' I American family where there are no small
children; wages 12. Call or address 653 Stev-
enson si.
]> ESPECTABLbJ YOUNG WIDOW WISHES
J.V position as housekeeper or care of children.
Cull 303 Fourth st.
EAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A SITU-
_ ' atlon to do light housework, sleep home, in
the Mission. Addt ess box D, Call Branch Office,
Sixteenth and Mission sis.
KRM A ."\~Gfßl. WANTS A SITUATION TO
do general housework or upstairs work. Ad-
dress 3ul Stockton st., cor. sutler. .
I U'OHAN WITH BON 8 YEARS OLD DE-
! ' ' sires position to keep house for widower with
one chid: no objection to couuiry if near school.
Address 4272 Twenty-fifth st-
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
keeping In city, from $15 to $20, or general
housework in flat: good plain cook. Call or write
to 448 Natoma st., MISS BKELER.
/ i ERMAN GIRL, 14 YEARS OF AGE, CAN
VX speak English, wishes place to take care of
children or assist with light housework; sleep
home. Please call 1105 Stevenson st., nr. Twelfth
and MarKet.
i MEAT "YOUNG DANISH GIRL WANTS A
; -' situation for light housework: wages $10 to
$15. Call, during morning hous, at 347 Dore su,
bet. Ninth arid Tenth.
EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIltL WANTS
Xi situation as chambermaid or to wail at table.
Address 204 Vs Eddy St., rear.
THE SA2* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JITNE 24, 1896.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
fbo\V WOULDi LIKE INVALID OR
old lady or gentleman to care for; good,
pleasant home and good care Address or call
1618 Green Hi., MRS. DAN FORTH. '
i"i WISHES GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
\1 private family: also girl for upstairs work.
Call 34 Lafayette at.
LAD'S wishes" A POSITION AS COPYIST
or to do writing in an oltice. 417 Larkin, nn. 27.
DRESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
day In families: good fit and nice finish; terms
$1 60 per day. Address i>ressmaker, box 92, Call.
VOUSGLADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X companion to lady or do second work or cham-
ber work; good references. Please address L. 8.,
1221 O'Farrell st. -
» ' ('MAN WISHES TO DO WASHING AND
" Ironing or housework by the day. 246 Fif-
teenth st.
A" ~>Terican widow WANTS POSITION AS
*£\. housekeeper or do housework in small fam-
ily; city or con try. Call or address 3033 16th st.
REFINKI), EXPERIENCED KNGLISH GIRL
IX wishes position as house or parlor maid, or as
companion to invalid; wages $25; Knglisb or
American family preferred. Address M. J., 865
Broadway, Oakland.
nOMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork or sewine; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St.. room 19.
\\r INCHES . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus aim baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS \VANTKD-3IALK.
HO N!i: B 2 ( O., ( ' H1 N KSfTanlTja PANESE
XX employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet.. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. ISRADLKY&CO., 640 Clay.
C. l«. COOK'S Si.c. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
.tranches :shon notice. 14 Geary. Grant, 43.
A PANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
0 oflice: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel «ran& 30.
TThTnKis*. AN"i> JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J oilice; best help. 41 4 >.» O'Farrell: 1.1. h.. 42&
OSITION OF TRUST, BY A YOUNG MAN
of family possessing ability and extended busi-
ness experience; can furnish highest references
and bonds. Address K. C., box 49, Call Office.
V"I &Ti MAN WISHES POSITION AS VALET
1 or butler: no objection to travel: good refer-
ence. Address Valet, box 32, Call.
SI HONG GERMAN BoY WAjN'IS .- 1 . IA- j
tlon in a butcher-shop: has hail one year's ex-
perience. Address J. 1. ZIMMERMAN, Tevis St.,
Fruit vale.
O ELI ABLE .MAN, MIDDLE AGED, GEll-
XV man. wishes a situation as gardener or cake care
house, cow, etc: hostler: city or country: handy
with tools and generally usetul about place. Ad-
dr->s H. 11.. box 64. thisotlice.
COOK. BAKES O<X>D BREAD, PIES, ETC., ]
* wants a situation for the country. Address !
1301 Santa Clara aye., Alameda.
AN INDI sTKIOUS KLDERLY MAN WANTS ;
.\ light work of any kind: would be useful and
bandy about honse, garden, etc: a home the prin-
clpal object; city, Oakland or Alameda. Address
HAMi-.1.. box 63, i all I Hi. c
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
O and wite (no children) in hotel, restaurant or
private family: best of references. Call oraddress
HARRIK til:— -ill, I »07 Mission St., San Fran.
UTLER, STEWARD OR HEAD WAITER:
Kn_-lislim"ii, ins; arrived; 10 years' experi-
ence; 15 months' reference from general com-
manding imperial forces in Canada. Address But-
ler, box 32, (all.
pARDENER. PRACTICAL MAN ABOUT
\J place, wishes situation; references. Address
Gardener, 417 Kearny st.
VOUXO GERMAN. GOOD CARPENTER, CAB-
I i: • --milker and general mechanic, with tools,
wants * situation of any kind. Address 716 Clem- I
entina St.
youxt; SWEDISH MAN WISHES SITUA-
X tion: city or country; first-class driver, milk
and do garJenlng work; references. Address F.
L., box 119. Call Office.
\ N ACTIVE MAN, 29 YEARS OF AGE,
-£V. don't drink nor smoke, wishes to get situation
in wholesale house a* porter or shipping clerk:
can do carpenter work, if necessary. Address K.
C, 1321/4 Fourteenth st.
\ N XI SALESMAN OP EXPERIENCE
-i"»- thoroughly acquainted with Pacific Coast
trade and capable oi uandlinc large deals, would
like to form a connection with some large and re-
sponsible concern. Address L :.., box 120, ( all.
■\\." ANTED— SITUATION IN OFFICE: FULLY
'» competent: saury no object: middle aged;
good letters. FREDERICKS, box 1, Call Office.
PACKER-FIRST-CLASS WITH 10 YEARS'
1. reference, wishes posi:lon in wholesale house.
Address Packer, box 67, thisorH c.
BOY WISHES A SITUATION IN A WHOLE-
sale house; willing to work. Address G., box
148, Call.
yOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION ON
L private place; understands care of horses, car-
riages and garden. Add. 11. H., bOS 128, Call.
SITUATION WANTK.D BY GERMAN AND
O wife, without childre •, to take care of ranch
or work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook:
botii flrs;-class references. Address J. L. RATH-
GKBKK, Napa, • iii.
r ANTED — BY GOOD RESPONSIBLE
young man position to collect and deliver; se-
curity and good references. Address i a., box 6,
this otlice. •
~l [CENSED ENGINEER. 25 YEARS' EXPE-
Jj rience in city and the mines, wants situation:
city or country; man of family: can run dynamo
anil locomotive. Address I . M.. box 107, Call Otlice.
SB, AND HELIABLK YOUNG MAN
O (Danish) desires a steady job of any kind; will
drive wagon. Address J.. box 140, this office. \-
-I>RoFKSK!ONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
• bis services in the expert ing of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address I. C,
box 137. Call Office.
\»' ANTED— BY A YOUNG MARRIED MAN,
»» a situation as carpenter on a ranch; is also
used to all kinds of farm work: can famish good I
reference. Address P. O. box 17. San Lorenzo.
Y\' 1 CHF.sTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and bageace to and from the ferry.
EKMAN WISHES SITUATION IN A PRl~-
vate family: good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling s ock ; boo i milker: references.
Address Industrious, box 27. Call Oilice.
UMNCHKSTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree Ihihkii : bacatcoiiii'l from the terry.
t'JiMALK 11KLP WASTED.
/ < "K. PRIVATE FAMILY, COUNTRY, *:<0;
V. cook, private family, country, $20; French
cook, summer resort, $-'5; 2 waitresses, same
country hotel, $20: - German chambermaids, 820;
girl for housework in city, $20. C. R. HANSEN *
CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED — LAUNDRESS, PRIVATE FAM-
•» ily { $25; German chambermaid, $20: 2 Ger-
man and French second girls. $20 and [825: Deal
Kir for cook in • and housewi.rk, 3 in family. $25;
ranch cook, $20: German cook. Santa Barbara,
$25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $20 and $25: Ger-
man g rl In bakery, $20. and girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
«v CO., 312 Butter st.
1' FRENCH COOK, SMALL MOUNTAIN RK-
' sort, $25: cook summer resort, $30. MUR-
RAY A READY, 634 Clay st
"VTEATGIRL, Mills ' B X, SM A L FAMILY:
XN country; $'20; see party here 10 o'clock. MUR-
RAY A READY. 634 Clay St.
I pOOK, SMALL HOTEL, $20: GIRL FOR
| \J ch«mberwork and walling, same place, $15,
fare paid: restaurant waitress. $15 and room, near
city; oiher places. MURRAY & READY, 634
Clay st.
p KRMAN NURSE, $25: COOK, $30; LAUN-
vJT dress, $30; 15 housework girU, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25. Ml^S CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED— FRENCH NURSE, *15; FRENCH j
'» maid and seamstress, $25; Swedish laundress, |
country, $30; German chambermaid, same place, j
$25: 2 cooks, small hotels, $25 to $30. LEON I
ANDRE. 315 .Stockton st.
YOUNG GIRL ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE- |
I work and care of baby. Call between 9 and 12
o'clock, 2212 Bush St., near Fillmore.
"VTOUNG LA 0 ~ WITH $500 TO INVEST.
1 capable of doing society reporting, can secure
Steady posit. on at $50 per month: investment se-
emed. Address M. «•- 8.. Call Office, Oakland.
TVJEAT GliiL KORGENKRAL HOUSEWORK:
j— N must be good plain cook; wages $20. 15 Fair
Oaks St., near 'twenty-first. . ■
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK AND
care of children. 1910 Golden Gave aye.
VOI'SU GIRL; TAKE (ARK BAB YT GOO
1 home; small wages. Call 1940 Kills St.
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
cooking; i- erman preferred ; wages $15. 1218 a
Fulton st.
1 OOD EXPERIENCED FINISHERS; MUST
VJT operate. 935 Market St., room 1.
Voung'gjrl to ASSIST housework
1 and children. Call 10 to 12, 51 9y 3 Capp st.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN NURSE, $25; IN~-
i'i fant's nurse, Oakland. $25; 4 houseglrH *20:
2 girls to assist, $12 to $15. Apply 315 Suiter st.
YOUNG GIRL (GERMAN" PARENTAGE
1 preferred) for light housework at 286 Natoma
St.. near Fourth.
T?XPEKIKNCED HANDS ON SILK WAISTS
Xi and wrappers. S. STEUER, 126 Eighth st.
I~ADY"oF~ABILirY TO TAKE CHARGK OF
J a department. Address, stating experience and
salary exoected, Wholesale, box 52, Call.
POMPKTENT WOMAN To assist in
\j profitable legitimate business. Address Profit,
box 122, Call Office. - ■
LMRBT-CLABS TAILOREHS ON CUSTOM
V coats. 411 i/i Kearny st.
fRL (20T025); LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING;
twice weeKly; $2 60 monthly. Gentleman,
box 26, Call office. .
HAIRDKESSING, MANICURING, beauty
culture lessons: agents who will handle my
toilet preparations taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post St. - .
RESSC UTTI N i AN FITTING TAUGHT
XJ thoroughly In three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JONES" dressmaking school, 505 Fell St.
HELP 'WANTED— Continued.
pERFECT FITTING AND STYLISSH~DRESS-
X making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, Jack-
et, sleeve and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up.
MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell St.
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAI K-DKEs.-. |m  MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 1 19a Powell St. and 106 Ninth.
AIRDRESSING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
CiOAT-FiNisuEßs wanted. 541 market
\J street.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
P < Twe"k: 'n-i' 'bus anil baggage to ami from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
6WA ITKRS FO^^UMM^fTr^RESORTS^TnD
springs, $30; 3 waiters for springs, $25: pan-
tryman, summer resort, $25. C.R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
T>ASTRY COOK, HOTEL. $65; SECOND COOK,
X country hotel, $60; meat and pastrycook lor an
Institution, $50; cook, meat and pastry, summer
resort, $76; short-order cook, country restaurant,
$40: night short-order cook, $9 a we "k: cook and
wife, $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
(\ LABORERS FOR ROCK QUARRY AND
«-"-' pick and shovel work, city, long job, $26
and board; 10 teamsters, near city, $26 and board.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
O MILKERS. COUNTRY, $30; 6 FARMERS
• ) for having, near city, $25 and $26: gardener,
$50 to $55; gardener, near city, $25. C. R. HAN-
HEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
JAPANESE COOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL.
<t $25, see boss here: 2 Japanese bedmakers and
do cleaning, hotel. $25: Japanese cook and dish-
washer, small country restaurant. C. R. HAN-
SEN - CO., 110 Geary st.
') IKoNKHs, COUNTRY LAUNDRIES, $30
»> and $35 and found; man to run Sinclair bosom-
ironer. $50: washer, country laundry, $35. C.R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
nr A BLACKSMITH FOR COUNTRY
»» shop, $40 to $50 per month and board; fore-
man for mine, $3 per day: man to pile grain in
warehouse in country, $52 per month and board:
2 men for haying, $1 per day, and after that to
press hay at 15c per ton; man to milk 15 cows and I
work in hayfield, $25; man run bayrake on a I
ranch near-city, f 25 to $30: swamper. $35; black-
smith, small country shop, $30 to $35 and found;
10 men for hnyfields and ranch work, $25 and $26;
cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others. W. D.
EWER «fc CO., 626 Clay st.
\\- a ntf.d-ba'ker for country HOTEL.
»» $30 ami found; waiter, country hotel, $25,
and others. W. d. EWER A CO., 826 Clay sU
> i HEADER- WAGON DRIVERS; MAN TO !
• l pick up sacks after harvester. $35 and round; !
20 fanner , orchard and vineyard hands. $20, $25
and $26: '6 < boremen, $20 and $15; chore'boy for a
ranch. *!(): 'M woodchoppers fora mine, $1 cord; !
8 Choppers, pine an. i redwood, Santa Clara
County: -0 laborers, city and country, $1 day and
board; 20 tiemakers, 8c and 10c each: contract to
le; to sink 200 reel of shaft; stableman, city. i
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and Clay st.
t»A MEN OR YOUNG MEN TO PICK FRUIT, i
— ' ' make hay. dig irrigation ditches, etc., $20
ana found, for a large banking company. M L <;- '
RAY it RKaDY. Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Sutler st.
/« COOKS, $25, »30. $40 AND $50; RANCH
U cook, $-'5. 3 waiters. $30; 2 dishwashers, $20;
bartender, .*25 ; neat young man for a couutry
hotel: cook lor a resort; 2 ranch cooks, $15 and i
*-">. MURRAY A- READY, Leading Employ-!
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
I) BLACKSMITHS. $10 ANl>s3s AND FOUND; '
— wheelwright, see boss here. MURRAY A ,
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay m.
IV ANTED— FIRST-CLASH MINER CAPABLE !
"of acting as underground foreman, see boss
here; 2 farmers and wives, $30 and $45; sawfiler
tor box factory, $3 to SB 3 50 a day; 2 quartz aimers, I
$2 75 a day; milkers; farmers; choreman; wood-
choppers; driver for mllK wagon, $26 and found;
American buttermaker for creamery, $30 and
found; 2 luui.lironers, $35 and found; waiter,
country hotel, $25; cooks and others. Apply to J. ■
F. CROBEI i & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
HK \ I) waiter, $30; waiter, 926: same, '
country hotel: 2 machine miners, $3 a day;
dairyman for Nevada, $30 to $36 and free fare: 6
farmers, $15 and $20; woodsmen, $20 to $30; ax-
men and barkpeelers. K. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 Clay si
\\ r A NTED— COOK FOR RESTAURANT, CITY, ,
'» $10 a week; hotel cook, $4 J: young German i
as porter in a summer resort, $20 and found;
pantryman, $25; etc. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st.
\»r ANTED— EXPERIENCED DRIVER FOR j
'» milK route in city: good wages: must be neat,
sober man and furnish good refertxioes; single
i! an wanted. Address, stating previous experi- i
ence, S. R., box 52. Call otlice.
\Y ANTED— FIRST-CLASS COOK FOR A PIC- j
»» Die ground near Oakland. Inquire MRS
BUCKINGHAM'S Employment Bureau, 615 i
eighth si., Oakland.
PRINTER: CYLINDER PRESSMAN; ALSO
I boy on Gordon. R. B. PATTERSON, 429
Montgomery st. i
"aRPENTER— U-SKDI TO STORE FRONTS; |
\J $2 50. Apply early, 222V4 Kddy 8U j
\l' ANTED — WELL-RECOMMENDED BOYS ;
'» about 14 to 16 years old to distribute adver-
tising matter, Call 47 Klein Park ;ive.
iIMKN WHO CAN FURNISH GOOD REFER- j
• ) ence to collect. Apply 9to 12 Wednesday and
Thursday. W. T. CALDERWOOD, third floor Pa-
cific Mutual building. j
INI RGETIC MEN AND WOMEN* TO PRE- j
XJ sent the grettest novelty of the year: salary
and commission. The Cabinet Company, 18 Post. ]
117 ANTED— YOUNG MAN OK BOY TO LEARN i
M barber's trade. Inquire 107y 2 Fifth st. j
lazier To put up 1500 glasses; CON- !
v.J tract; nothing to furnish. DROIT A LAWRY, )
450 California st. j
IT ANTi WOODCARVER. 907 MISSION
" street.
TRONCi BOY WANTED— ABOUT 17 YEARS.
Apply after 10 a. m. , 603 Montgomery si.
|>AKI'.KI: WANTED. 1531 POLK ST. =
aToi-'no" MAN TO TRAVEL; MUST have
1 $200 cash. Address Y. V., box 11, Call.
'A-CHAIR 1 1 1. SI A L RANT ON SIXTH ST.
<J\J for $100: sacrifice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
C< Hoi;--H ol- FOR SALE. 2903 PINE ST. ..
* LL MEAT ORDERS sc, WITH COFFEE.
JY tea or milk. 635 Clay.
AN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 519 Filbert su
\ir ANTED - WATCHMAKER'S APPREN-
»» lice. Apply at 129 Montgomery aye.
\Y ANTED— COMPETENT WASHER FOR A
'» laundry: also an assistant. Apply Lane Hos-
pital, between 8 and 9 a. m.
\l, r ANTED — FIRST-CLASS EXPERIENCED
>' cellarman for liquor-store: one who under-
stands both wholesale and retail business; must
understand barkeeping. Apply to 423 Kearny st. j
T/IRST-CLASS CLOTHING SALESMAN FOR j
™ a first-class house; also a good hat salesman; :
holders of U. S. Indus. rial A.enc certificates are j
eligible Room 165, Crocker building. j
W ANTED— 2 YOUNG MEN WITH SMALL i
'» capital to rent and give exhibitions with water ,
bicycle. Anply NW. cor. Tayior and Bay st.
OLD MEN WANTED FOR~LIoiIT~_MPLOY-
raenU 611 Clay st., room 7.
OBER MAN IN WINK HOUSE; OF GOOD
O character; middle aged; spenks German: mix j
drinks for inside salesman and recommended from i
last employer only need apply. Box C. M., Call
Branch Office, 580 Montgomery st. lornerCiay.
\\T ANT I . D— SI KADY M A TO ASSIST IS
» » store and make himself useful in cash busi- |
ness: salary $75 per mom h: must have »250 cash.
See STRAND & Co., 917 Market at. !
\Y ANTED — STEADY MAN TO COLLECT j
'» and assist generally in light business; salary !
$75, with chance of increase: must have $150
cash. 777 Market su, room 7. '
U r ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES |
Marine Corps, U. S. naw, able-bodied, un- |
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years: j
not less than 5 feet 5 Inches in height; of good 1 !
character and temperate habits; able to read.' :
write and speak Kngllsh properly; only citizens of ;
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will De
accepted ; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board,
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco,
CaL
TAILOR'S SEAT-ROOM AT 611 CLAY ST.,
X room 7: 75c. with use of machine.
ARINER WANTED— ONE ACQUAINTED
in city: temperate; rustler; reference; lnvestl-
gate. Employment office, 128 Fourth st
"VT X W WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET!
-Li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
sUc;we('ksl to $2 50; reading-room ; strictest ßtten-
tion 10 morning calls: clean; quiet; open all niuhu
nr ANTED— IOOO MEN AT DUBLIN LOTUS
'» barber-shop; newly opened: shaving sc; hair-
cutting 10c; be.-si m,,! biggt-stln city. 207 Fourth st.
T" BY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
ODGINGB, TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 Pacifi., below Kearnv.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DU. GOR-
-'A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
KST IN CITY--SING' E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i. $1 25, *1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and LeidestiorS sts.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PKR NIGHT: 50c TO *1 60 I
t per week. Oriental, 225 Drummsu
W^ ANTED— IABOKERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third si.; 160
large rooms: 260 per nigh:-. $1 to »3 per week.
\K! ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»" some simple thine to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ >0., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, d. c. for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES, 40o.;
done while .you waiu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market,opp.Wlll 4 Flnck's, S.F.
CALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60;
half-solelng 25c up. »69 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
a^be!is^^or"eTiploym~e^l^call^ec7
Barbers' Asso. H. BERNARD, 102 Seventh st.
AKBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
iJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
TTa~KBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X) ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay. i
I; ARBORS' ASSOCIATION Oj-' I AL. KMPLOV- '■
J> menu Secy, P. C. llamann. '-"'9V2 O'Farretl.
BAKB~KR-STIOP FOR S A LE— BEST LOCATION !
in this city for a 5c shop; 4 chairs; room for 7
more. Apply this office.
ARBERS — BEST-PAYING 3-CHAIR 15c i
-L> shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BERDRuW, San Jose.
h. ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work;
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission St., between First and Second sts.
W ANTED- .ME;,' TO Lr.ARN BARBER •
»» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
ESI PLACE IN THK CITY FOR SECOND- i
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, 92 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and j
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE, '863 y 2 MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $5 week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE. fi29 SACRAMENTO
■•» st.: 200 rooms; best in the city; stng;e rooms
10 and 25c a night, 9 I a week: meals 10c.
\\' IKCIIESTERHOUSK. 44 THIRD sT.,NEAH j
»» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading- 1
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■
\\' ANTED.TO COLLECT 1 WAGES DUE LABOR I
»» ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I INUELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ■ sis. ; single furnished ran 75c week, 16c night.
-|/»{\MEN TO TAKE LODGING A.T 100, 15c
J'.'U and 20c a night, including coSee and rolls.
624 Washington gu, near Kearny.
\\T ANTKD-BINULK ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $T
»» v«ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
\ I EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
li nearly new, Me to $1 25. 662 Mission.
Ii^REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOX 6c;
X also « hot ' »<f !a--r. f>r. at tiHl (lav »'
ir .-.^.- 1 .-,. AGEMS WANTED.
MAKE GOOD LIVING SELLING IMPROVED
leather suspenders; exclusive territory. 1332 :
Sacramento st.
WO LADY CANVASSERS: NEW PATENT-
i. Ed article; sell on sight: best thing for years; !
investigate. 11 Glen Park aye., 9 to 6. Good thing. \
AGENTS WANTED— AGENTS FoR A WELL- i
A known and fast-selling article; ladies or gents.
JACQL 910 Pacific st. i
f IVE AGENTS. 870 WASHINGTON ST., i
1j Oakland: if 2 to $5 per day. Ladies and gen- :
tlemen.
• GENTS TO SELL A NEW ARTICLE AP-
- V ply 1027 jlnrke St.
KOOMS WANTED.
\\ T ANTED— BY LADY WITH BOY, A Fl'R- '
» » nished room with small stove for light house-
keeeDing: $6; Oakland, Alameda or Mission.
Vera. box 32. Call Office.
H WISHED FLATS WANTED.
WISHED FLAT ; 6 TO B ROOMS; PERMA-
nently: give price and alls. F.. box 140, Call.
\VANTKU-MISCK_LAN_OUS.
StLL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND^TEW"
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 SI nth st. : send postal.
• MEDICAL..
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RS-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used: ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Pos: st., near Larkln.
INSTITUTE OV PN KU.il ATo PATH V FOR
X healing and Instructions; 2729 Jackson st ,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free: call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
DR. I'KNA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;"
prompt relief : successful trea.ment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ay«.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for alt female tioubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed : i
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny U.
A BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE- I
-»A lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever I
cause) by the.most experienced ladles' physicians \
in San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by i
an improved method, superior to others: ladies j
til save time and money: be assured of honest :
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon
are specialty Invited; home in confinement; nd-
vice free. DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister i
s:.. next Hlbemla Bank.
RS. GOODWIN. i>l-Ka ks OF WOMEN A
specially, unexcel ed In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home In confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370 ,
Market si. to 904 McAllister st. :
lAD IKS. CONSULT I'UKK M KS. DR. SCOTT.
I 216 Powell sU; only qualified specialist; $500
for case 1 fail to cure: diseases or the eyes treated.
ptCARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
JT specialty: also ••. Ine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonougti building, Oakland.
MRS, Dlt. WEGENi-.R TAKES LAD IKS BE- ;
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes: trials all female complaints or !
irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy st. i
VI ICE PRIVATE IN CONFINEMENT; ;
_* all female diseases ireated: expert physicians; !
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9.^
PRIVATE 1 1 ' i m i IN CONFINEMENT. MRS. !
I DR. I- i:\iKK, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR AN V FK.MALK DIEASK
see MR I *. DR. PUETZ and be contenU 254% * 111 - ;
SVRK CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; action guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. WYER, 226 Turk at,
1 R. HALL, ii ilcALLlsi _X STREET. NKAK I
X^Jones. Diaeaaea of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO I
A ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger; .
cafe and sure; $2 50 _^pres« C. O. D. ; don't delay
nntil too late, OSUOOI) BROS., Oakland. Cat.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS
: iTkry~ciTo7cJe" uFrTcTh r. be a utiful
case, CHOICE UPRIGHT. for owner
case, excellent tone, sacrificed for 5130; owner
obliged to sell. .Room 21. 809 Market si.
AN ALMOST NEW UPRIGHT STEINWAY;
j!\. itiiiiiciliatt-, forced sale. Room 10. Flood bldg.
AGNIFICKNT UPRIGHT PIANO; NEW;
sold to pay advances. 1921 Sacramento St.
Ymsiikk UPRIGHT, $125: MARSHALL *
X Wendell, $125: bargains a $150 and $175.
THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market
Qt i - HALLE 7 !'" A DAVIS PIANO FOR SALE;
tJpTtJ. $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
PIANOS HALF PRICK.
X ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATK OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKL ...
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to co elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN, i
CLAY it CO., Steinway representatives.
A" STEIN WAY $175; STKCK $150: STKKL- I
ing $100;Ladd $60. I ENN's, 228 Post.
PI AN- IS— no YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
I stock on the Pacific coast. Tills F. W. SPEN-
C.i: CO., 933 Market st.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPKNCER CO.,
933 Market st.
EFORK BUYING SEE MAINE BROS.', BUSH j
_ Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT ik CO.. 324 Pos St.
CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
Vj small goods at prices less than goods cost |
landed in N'eV York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out- '
loy; violins, $1 ;:6: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, *3;
antoharps, $1: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARItY SCOTT, »29
Market St., Spreckels building.
Ji. 1 t>- FINE CIIICKEKING; SCHMT 16
» I £*). McAllister st., next to Hibernia IVank.
pHAJKEJUNO, KNABK. HT_CK. VOSE, STKR-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
ior renu BENJ. CURTAZ SON. IB 1 FarreU.
yi;6n MAUZY, SOB -POST ST.-SOHMEK,
Newby & Kvans. Urtces nnd other pianos.
VJU PER lOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD*~NKW
OH. Ml) LLER. maker, imirT '-' Latham Dlace.
LOST.
T'o^t^lXst"' > saTur^a^_or*ning\" j:> 'on
11 steamer Piedmont, a bundle of letters ad-
dressed A. C. Jensen. Finder will be liberally re-
warded if returned to 1283 Market sU
1 OST-8 iTUKDAY OR SUNDAY, LADY'S
ij breastpin: violets, diamond in center. Please
return to 26 l K«arny st., room 9: liberal reward.
9 PUPS, 1 GORDON AND 1 black setter.
A Reward at 537 Fourth st.
ffl» I A REWARD-LOST, JUNE 17, FROM BUS |
ClUat Belvedere, Junction beach road with I
middle road, near Dun bar residence, round plain '
gold locket bearing monogram "J. -."one side and j
■•IL K. -'." on other: inside containing lady's pic- |
ture and opposite it date September 4, 1894; locket
being attached to double void chain with long
twisted links connected by small round ones. Re-
turn to J. S., 427 Sansome St., and receive above
reward. i
JUNE 22, DEERHOUND PUP, COLOR
J black, l legs and face black and tan, white
breast and white stripe on face, white tip on tail;
finder will be rewarded. Call A. MAZOUC, 15
Virginia pi., off Broadway, above Stockton st. ■ ' •'
7 OST-GOLD LOCKET; FILIGRE BOTH
.1 J sides, with diamond on front side; handsome
reward. 625 Vi Larkin si., third floor.
OST— LARGE FRESH RED COW; LIRERAL
reward. Return to 1798 McAllister st.
PUG DOG; ANSWERS TO NAME OF BUD.
Return to 1238 Howard it.; reward.
___ BUSINESS CHANCES.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUrTbUSINESS
promptly. HEALY _ CO., 23 Kearny su
©Qnn WOOD. COAL, HAY AND FEED;
iJpOv'U. does an express business: 4 horses:
wagons; owns buildings. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
<3>Q/\nn HOTEL OF 24 ROOMS, BAR,
»3r--"/v'V/. dining-room, etc.. summer resort, 1
hour's ride from San Francisco, clearing $150 per
month: rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view: must be seen to be appreciated: part of pur-
chase price can remain: satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
O SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
quick for cash see STRAND <fe CO., 917 Market
ffl>97* GROCERY AND BAR: OLDESTAB-
t]p_iI •'• lished: rent only $10: No. 1 location;
pays well. STRAND _ CO., 917 Market st.
_■ I rrr SALOON, 4 ROOMS, PIANO. ETC.
rjpl < O. STRAND <fc CO., 917 Market St.
JjQOr COFFKE SALOON, PAY> WELL.
<IpO— O. STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
<_19fin BUTCHER-SHOP: TRADE Of $50
LjlA.'\J. to $60 a day; this place is well fitted
up and everything complete for the business; 3
horses, 1 wagon, 2 carts; «rent bargain; cheap at
■2000. See STRAND _ CO, 917 Market st.
Jj/iAA PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAYING
«jj!UWU. business: will stand the fullest investi-
gation; rare chance for young or middle-aged
man: only object in taking partner is to enlarge
the business. T. i.UBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<Ht I Af\f\ AN ELEGANT BUTCHER-SHOP
«ID I ttUU. across the bay. with two horses and
wagons, fine fixtures, safe, cash rez ster: working
3 men and doing fine business; object of selling
sickness investigate T.LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
ffli/'AA FINE stationery AND confeo
♦JPUUU. tionery business; in good locality; rent
cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
gain for the money ever offered in this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(Jjji (\f\ VEGETABLE-STORE AND FRUIT-
i£)A-\J\J. stand. $150— Saloon; paying fine.
$700— Restaurant: worth : 00; see this.
$200— Branch bakery and delicacy : worth double.
$1100— A snap in an elegant grocery.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ava, for bargains.
Cii —m FINE GROCERY AND BAR, BEST
♦IDttOU. location in city, good business, sells 8
barrels of beer a week; only reason for selling,
other business: see this at once. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
ajTcn PARTNER WANTED —LIGHT,
<!pj.c)v/. genteel business, with rising young
man of good standing and reputation; no night or
Sunday work: well established and will pay from
$65 to $76 per month. See to-day GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st.
Si ~\i W \ PARTNER IN OLD-EsTABLI 111
t£)O\J\.l. mercantile commission-bouse, controll-
ing large trade from all parts of the coast; owner
desires partner as business Is too much for one:
business tins always been prosperous and can be
largely increased: will pay big returns on money
invested: will bear thorough Investigation; for-
tune for some active man who wants profitable
investment. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
©lf\fi COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE;
<$ 1 *.)*'. worth $750. DECKER, 1020 Market.
SALOON; BEST LOCATION; NO REASON-
abIe offer refused. DECKER, 1020 Market su
* "-lf\(\ BAKERY: FINECORNER;3 ROOMS:
iJpOUU. bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
fl>r»'A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, LIV-
«jPUtM7. me room, north of Market: low rent,
good place: kept by owner for years; rare chance.
li.K'K & WOLF, 631 California St.
S. \i\i I SALOON, ESTABLISHED YEARS,
tv «""• with large patronage, on Kearny st.;
partners don't agree. ILKE, 531 California st.
(lg C/\, i HONEST AND! NDUSTRIOUS PART-
•Ir«J* * '. ncr wanted In hotel and saloon; clear-
ing $200 per month. WILKK <£ WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
(ftTjnn CANDY-STORE, BRANCH BAKERY
•ipiJUU. and stationery; laundry and U.S. stamp
agency; Market si. ; 5 rooms, bath: rent $15; kept
by owner 6 years. WILKE <t WOLF, 631 Cali-
fornia st.
©qxnn steam laundry; estab-
<uDO*J\J\J- lished for years: all modern improve-
ments; doing large business; 4 horses and 4 wag-
ons: owner owns property: will give lease.
WILKE .v WOLF, 531 California st.
fflj O fk A LOON; ESTABLISHED YEARS;
«JTOUv/. rent $30; lease: average' daily receipts,
$15; near Market, Hall; actual value, $1000. Call
M.XX & WOLF, 531 California st.
Q> ')AA HALF INTEREST IN THRIVING
tJpOv/v/. cash business; duties light and easily
learned: or will exchange for real estate in city or
across the bay. H., box 33. Call Office.
_■ ' )( \i\ PARTNER RESTAURANT; OWNER
f]D_iUU. lady. STENBERG COMPANY, 632
Market st.
QftnO. LOON AND LIQUOR STORE:
♦pUUVJ. south of and nr. Market: receipts $15 to
$.0: full value; stock and^fixtures; family trouble.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market sU
4] A (inn ROAD HOUSE, ACROSS THE
(Jlu."W. bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds; finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the prope ty; satisfy yourself.
STENBERG & CO., 632 Market St.
<fiJl ft HO RES IAU RANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE,
tjpl U*"l/ handsome private rooms: three en-
trances: old-established trade: chance rarely of-
fered. ln lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
income certain. STEN BERG & CO.. 632 Market.
QUA, BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
tfXfm store: thriving location; living-rooms:
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market si.
*)f\r\ MA KKET-ST. CIGAR-STAND AND
•.—'"*-'• cl brooms; must be sold; low rent.
BARRETT, 1125 Market St.
U>O(\ BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LTVING-
tJT'OU. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
(lftQn CHOPHOUSK AND SHORT ORDERS:
«JSOU. receipts $7 day ; low rent: great bargain.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
mo BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS WITH DIB-
X patch see DEMING & CO., 737 Market st.
"RESTAURANT ON MARKET ST $200
XL Saloon, north Market st 2,500
l.oJgiiiK-house, 60 rooms 2,000
Hotel, three-story 12.500
DEMING * CO.. 737 Market st.
©Q-A RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-SA-
<JpO«JU. loon, Polk st., clearing $75 per month;
owner in other business. HEALY, 23 Kearny su
m»«^nri RELIABLE PARTNER IN CaSU
ts)O\J\J. commission business. Address W. C.,
box 87. Call Office.
T.TOR SALE— A FINE CORNER SALOON, ELE-
X -.ant fixtures, billiards, etc.; centrally located
near Market street: rent cheap. For particulars
address 1. M.. box 108. Call office.
ffl. kirn WILL GET A HALF INTEREST IN
f]?w«)l' my real estate business, CHAS. COL-
TON. 906 Market t.
"CjTfTm ELEGANT DINING-ROOM: CEN-
<JP»JUU. trai: 60 boarders; rent taken In board.
CuLTON. 906 Market si.
PARTNER WITH $25 CAPITAL WANTED
X by lady of means. Room 2. 12 Mason st.
SALE— A FINE GROCERY AND BAR.
X Call at 1421 Harrison, bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
PARTNER OF INFLUENCE IN BEST PAT"
ent made. J. _ box 44 Call Office.
ffljtAA FOR SALE— NICKOLAS HOTEL,
«Jpt>vv/. corner San Bruno and Army sts.
(J.O' CASH; BUSINESS CLEARS $60 A
tlp^c) month. Call after 7 P. M. 826 Twenty-first
street, Oakland.
1?OR SALE OR COUNTRY BUSINEsS-
house and lot in a nice little country town.
For particulars address or call on the owner, Win-
chester House, 44 Third St., city.
pORN GROCERY AND BAR; MUST BE
\J sold at once on account of leaving city; cull
and see it. 1044 Folsom st.
I.ifRST-CLASS FKUITSTORE: HORSE AND
wagon; fine location; fine outside trade; for
sale very cheap. 429 Lyon St., cor. Grove.
<Mr t\f\ EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY FOR
itfttJvt\J. bright man with small capital to
establish himself in a good paying business clear-
ing $75 tosloo per month; has stylish team and
good stock on hand: must be told Immediately:
this ii abona-fi.ie business and must be seen to be
appreciated: no agents. J. J., box 132, Call Office.
IjH)R SAL I- ONE OF THE BEST EQUIPPED,
. centrally located vood, coal, hay and grain
stores In Oakland: corner 10',. Parties desiring to
buy please address A. 8., box 7, Call Office, Oak-
land.
m« IP. M RESTAURANT WORTH $500;
«Jpld' r . everything first class. Apply D. Mo
RaE. 829 Mission st.
WANTED— PARTNER IN A GOOD-PAYING
'» butcher business. Inquire at cor. Sixteenth
and Guerrero sts. '
"PARTNER FOR 8.-.ER-BOTTLING BUSI-
X ness and mineral water. 712 Fourteenth st.
IpiFTY-CH AIR RESTAURANT ON SIX I ST.
for $iO0; sacrifice. Columbia, 128 Fourth si.
VINE BUSINESS CHANCE FOR A MAN TO
X invest $6000. B. C, box 9. Call Office.
PAYING CYCLERY: CHANCE FOR ONE
X handy with tools: no agents. Address Cycle,
box 50, this office.
\'l XI REASONABLE: ONE OF THE BEST
V dye works the city; perfectly equipped: long
lease; very low rent; artesian well; central loca-
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
■LOR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE-
X 37 fine furnished rooms: kitchen; dining-room;
fine bar; entrance to 2 streets; rent reasonable;
will be sold at a bargain: neur ferry depot. Ad-
dress F. D. P.. box 106. Call Office.
GOAL AND TEAMING — PARTNER WAST-
\J ed: old-established, paying busi less: capital
required, $4009. Address C. R , box 134, Call.
/GROCERY AND SALOON — VERY CHEaP.
VJ low rent. 249 Stevenson.
HAVING 2 KH.SI AURANTS— ONE CHEAP;
tria, given. Apply 1241 MarKet.
OTS IN EXCHANGE FOR SALOON OR
boarding-house. c. 8., box 134, Call Office.
FO R SALE— WELL-ESTABLISHED FRUIT
and poultry store; make offer. 1003 Howard
St.. cor Sixth. .
ROCKRY AND BAR; ESTABLISHED V 5
VJ years: fine bar. trade: fine fixtures and cash
register; 4 living rooms: other business cause of
selling: offer wanted. 439 Grove St., cor. Octavia.
ilji A7Vn~~H A REST IN OLD EST A B-
«IPXv/V/V/. lished, ' well stocked, good paving
general store out of town; double value in sigh.;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call Office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
~n>\rk~ CANDY STORE, NORTH OF MAR-
SI2O. ke\; et2b.isbed 22 years: rent $12: liv
iX rooms; furniture included. M. LESS CO.,
753% Market st. | :
»A~"RysfAURA*NT: 3 LIVINH ROOMS:
,^^oo. fpnt?2o do1n» Al busin,^: daily n-
S!p7, $10. M. & CO. 783V 3 Market st.
town: opposite larse railroad depot;
I cheap rant: l.vmg rooms; receipts* 10. ex-
peases $1; good stocic. M. Lfcss CO., 783V 3
i Market st. ' .
! (BUT-ll PARTNER WANTED IN FAMILY
& <OU. liquor-store; run succ.-ssfully hy
p^ent o-vner for y.ars: lan?e omsidf route:
S^s/Tl^^O^K^r^^
T>ARTNEiTWA.\TKD-EITHER LADY OR
X gentleman : ■ paying business; references. Ad-
dress A., box 161. Call Office.
j ARGAIV IF SOLD TO-DAY: SALOON
I ' estabiislied 20 years. See owner, 112:» Dupont.
inn SMALL MANUFACTURING BUSI-
&4UU. ness: only one in city: drawing good
: business: good reasons for selling. 415 Mont-
, gomery st., room 7.
"«:Q?;n restaurant; established 15
•4POOU. years: run by present owner three and
a half years: receipts $20 per day; rent $22 60; 8
rooms connected if desired: selling on account of
sickness. Address * box 89, Call Office.
PURCHASER DUCK AND POULTRY
X ranch: $750. T. F. ON KLIN, office Red Hag,
opposite sjx-rnile House, Pan Bruno road.
RUOSTORE FOR SALE; A FINE CHANCE;
owner has other business. Drug?, box 3, Call.
GUXU SALK— THE PATENT RIGHTS OF v
X newly, patented machine, called the Farmer's
Pride, consisting of an improved harrow and roller
■which also can be worked in connection with seed-
sower. Inquire at ANDREW KRUCCKELS.
1154 Washington st., Oakland.
T>KSTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRA : FOR
X\< sale cheap on account of sickness: will ex-
change for property or business of . equal value In
locally and climate suitable for consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission st.
KKROKTIC MAN WANTED BY LADY AS
I-J partner; country business; $50. Room 9, 122
Post st.
SA LOON: LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific SU
A KERY, NOTIONS AND CANDY STORE:
1> established tor years; nice living-rooms. 1029
Valencia m.
,> t(\f\ RARE CHANCE: FIRST-CLASS
»ipT:UU. restaurant on principal street of Hay-
wards, doing a good business: selling on account
of siCKness. Address D. C, box 45, Hay wards, Cal. ,
fi»l>7r CIGAR-STCRE, WITH LIVING
♦IP 1 10. rooms, on account of sickness; no
agents. 1127 Mission st.
j "j~JF7v PARTNER WANTED INT GOOD
| «lp_iJU. paying saloon: g od supply of stock.
Apply at 1324 Mason St.. corner Pacific
dfc O- (\ PAYINGCORNER SALOON WANTS
£D_«JU. partner; experience unnecessary. 633 1
Howard st,
& I Of: COFFEE AND CHOPHOUSE; SAMK'
<JP I —«). hands 7 years. J. COLE. 606 Howard.
THIRST-CLASS GOOD-PAYING BAKERY,
X chean, on account of death. Call Office.
"pESTAURANT— GOOD LOCATION; GOOD
IV place for man and wife; cheap. Apply Call.
PtO^nn FIRST-CLASS SALOON; LEASE;
»Ir_«JUV/. good trade: owner retiring: chance
of a lifetime. Address C. H., box 139, Call Office.:
\\riLL TRADE OR EXCHANGE BAKERY
• > outfit, horse and buggy, electric fan, bicycle,
orange land, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63a Market, room 2.
OLACKSMITH-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP;
-D good place: $150. Inquire 337 Fifth st.
OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
_' close estate; business esu since 1869: amount
i needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 137, Call Office.
4 vVE_K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
.A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LOmiLMi-UOUStS lOK - \l.i..
1 C-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN^
±0 must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
C(\ ROOM HOTEL; RKNT $70: BUSINESS
OU location: $1500. DECKER, 1020 Market.
VOR BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES SEE
X STRAND A CO., 917 Market at.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
X ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
1 Q ROOMS; A REAL GOLD MINE; OLD-
-1O established house; elegant new modern
I furniture; new carpet: everything first-class;
' cheap rent: owner retiring from business. DEM-
ING _ CO., 737 Market -<.
j &"7^ LODGING-HOUSE. 15 ROOMS, ON
; <£) O i «J. Ellis St., near Mason. COL lON, 906
; Market st.
(JjOnn SNAP: NEWLY F"u~R N I HK l>
I iJIOUUi lodging-house 13 rooms; rent $32. 838
Mission st.
mWO LODGING-HOUSES: 16 ROOMS; ONLY
Xs2oo; clear profit $40. 859 Mission st.
j ,< •_> BOOMS; BEST-PAYING HOUSE; CHEAP;.
I MO easy terms. 115 Second »i
"I ODGINO-HOUSES BOUGHT, SOLD AND
J-i exchanged. PHELPS _ CO., 917 Lark si.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOH $575:
— O low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 sixth <:
_OI)GING-H()L'SK-» TO _XT.
7jQtITvA~N~?rK^s7cORT(4ROVK— 14 1 ■
>.• )— arrancred for lodi;incs or hoiMkee|n
FUKNXTUKJS run BA__,
I~^L^O^R^L^Lo^H^..r...^.r...i.^?...?^s 3:>
Engli h Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet 45
4-room outfit, solid oak 75 00
Mil RE X _ SHIREK, 747 Market St.
! LOR SALE OR RENT-FURNITURE OF 7
" rooms; a bargain. 10-'9Vi Market sf.
t l. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR,
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
TO I R_ SALE ( ~
X Prices stand till cooda are completely dlv
nosed of.
Oak bed seta , „ ........sm™
1 Bed lounges  BDi
Btoves „ 7 M
Carpets, peryard ...» 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard .„ 11l
Till our new building Is erected these price* will
' aland. Till such time we are conducting buslaeu
M SE. corner beventh and Mi_iua su. i.
KOOXAN.
Al\t\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. $14;
•±\}\J stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20. foldlnr-bedv
fid; ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
rOBMTUU WANTJiD.
HAND FURNITUItI-r FOR COUNTRY;
— good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
JC. MUTHER, AUCTIONE-R, 601 CALI-
. fornia st,, corner Kearny, pays best price for
! furniture and merchandise.
AM ALO N K~~PA~YS 21) PER CENT MOBS
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth at.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR Fl'KSl-
X ture and merchandise see BL'KD, 211 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
1j send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BAHCH. 321 BUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 761.
______________
CAKPKT CLKAMNU.
"TONES CU c\l{pT^~cT!E^ANlNa^A?JO*
0 renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c; LAYING, 3c. : RUG
\J samples free; telephone Jessie 944. STRAT-
TON, 19 Eighth sU
GREAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
AITHKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
| '» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama »U: tel. So. 4a
/ lON KLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33i
v>' Golden Gate aye. : telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CAKPKTCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mar. Tel. south 230.
ARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVA TKO
\J like new. FERGUSON* _ CO.. 23 Tenth: ML
Kouth 3«. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successor*.
E. MITCHELL CAKI'KT CLEAN ING CO.. 24'J
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatins; works. 453 Stevenson t»l. gonth 210..
HOUSES.
O^NITIicCLELLXN NKARLY AS
good as new ; for sale cheap. <62 Mission st. ■
T WILL SELL AT AUCTION. AT 646 GEABY
X st., 1 mare and buggy for board bill: July 2.
"LOR SALE CHEAP— FINE SORREL HORSE;
X weieht 1200. Apply 406 Sixth sU_»
TiEIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
I l of good harness, our own mane, of every de-
scription, for leas money than you can buy Eastern
i trash ; send for catalogue. 11' McAllister st..s F.
! 1 = A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
I XOU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
I rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission si
ri\i\ SET NEW AND SECONDHAND HAR-
OUU ness: all kinds: buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
_ rocka way. 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
~( n HORSES Foil SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
4U buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
TJ OR>ES~PA RE . : SEND FOR CIRCU-
JT mr Th" Hyde Ranch. HMO Commercial St.
UAOU>s ANiJ CAKKIAGKS.
T, OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICKS, KINK
r carriages of every desc Iption; cash, notes or
installments. Carvill Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., 8. F.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome sU
"VTEW AND SECOND- HAND BA KERS', LA US-
i.I dry. milk: and grocery wagons; also roci_w%y
and 2 tine bUKsles. 828 Harrison at.HOUSES TO LET.
9 KLEGANT HOUSED ADJOINING; 8 ROOMS
—. rncir. rent reduced to $37 50, including water.
Hl6-818 McAilistr r st. .
>>•_> ■ - JACKS IN — ELEGANT, NEW, MOD-
•)•)! • era house Of 9 room', bath and finished
basement: marine view; rent reasonable. WILL
E. FISHER A CO., 14 Post St.
ELEGANT~HtU;SE; 8 BOOMS; BVi'H; ALL
j latest improvements; 2219 California, bet.
Buchanan and Webster. MADISON & BUB
OPLENinTrif-ROOM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
-0 ti.-tti si., bet, Valencia and Mission; see it;
very low rent.
HOUSE— A MICE HOUSE AXD" OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN <fc HAM.4U.Ni', 10
Montgomery St.
-JA MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BA S E-
•..«»*'. nn>nt:lar-ey»rd: stHble. 417 Ridley St.
VUUNISHEI) HOUSES.
fpoiRENT^FORToR 3 " MONTHS- RNIBH-
X ed house in Alameda: firs', class with piano and
stable; terms reasonable to responsible parties.
F., box 7, Call Oflice. .
6 -ROOM CORNER HOUSE. STABLE, LARGE
v) lot, $30. Apply Demist, 10 Geary sW
<r\NV house: 6 ROOMS; NICELY FUR-
:,:slied; piano: ■«:■'■. 151S Grove St.. "-. Baker.
COTTAGES TO LET.
J~A QIIA^jREirSTTN^RrC ALIFO R N I A -3Te\\'
*a""t/ modern <11 ;ui:i-o: rooms, bath and base-
ment. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 1 4 Post st.
791 LOTT— COTT A G E~S J'.OO M S A N D ATH;
I _ 1 garden in front; rent $19: owner, 111 Van
Ness aye. '
QIQ SUNNY, BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE OF
O-LO. 6 rooms; lar«eyard. 134 Dolores nr. llSth.
pOTTAUK Ol' fi 1 O M>; BAln; OAi.K; .> .
V_ yard. 2824 Mission st,
Q7 P\H COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS: GOOD
0 I .OU order: water free. Apply on premises,
946 Bryant St., near Eighth, or 14 Montgomery su,
'.. H. UMHSKN .V CO.
furnished FLATS.
1,-INKL\ !1 RNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
11. C. J. box .'■;. Call Otlice.
FLATS TO LET.
Dl " I: DB -KKAITIFn. NEW MODI UN
< 1•' ntown flat; handsome mantels: larj.'e
closets; every room sunny; will rent cheap to per-
manent tenant. Apply BURN HAM. it MARSH
COMPANY, 6^B Market st.
}^LATSSBOOMSEACH: YARD; BASEMENT.
x 128 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third St.
i»l(l UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
0J- •'. 624 Grove st, VOX IUIKIN & CO.
'"fQ~l_ sacramento"^"nic_ ~ flat of 4
1 Oil rooms and bath.
<• •' RA 135 ASH aye., off van NESS,
rU— --.OVJ. nr. McAllister— Flat 5 rooms, bath.
©I • > UPPER FLAT, 4 LARGE SUNNY
•JiO. rooms. 728*4 McAllister st.
Lib " bay-window FLAT, 5 LARGE
XJ rooms. SOYs Moss, oil Howard.
>" EW FLAT, 4 ROOMS AND BATH. 6 REED
XI st. Apply 1325 Washington, near Jones.
Q9_t ELLIS. NEAR POLK— SUNN
OjLO middle flat; 6 rooms and bath: $30.
9 FLATS: 6 KOOMS AND BATH; ALL MO D-
— eru improvements; rent cheap. 1501 Turk su
\Fe\V~ FLAT, 5 ROOMS AN BATH] $12;
x> water free. 629 lv.- aye.
\ T KW MODERN I 1 AT, 5 ROOMS, BATH.
Xl yard, basement; $22 50. 639 Minna ?U
99 SIXTH— 4 BOOMS, HALL, FOLDING-
• '— — doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced, $1-:
also 5 rooms, buth; rent reduced. $12.
Q UNNY NOB-HILL FLAT, y'-'O PINE. OPPO-
» s.i" the Bella Vista: 6 rooms aud bath; rent
$26: latest improvements.
1 OA7 STEINER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
J.CU i flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
a. l o 4 ROOMS, MISSION ST. KEY
*„ 1 •>• in grocery, cor. Seventeenth.
1 t^J EDDY— DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
XO~±L flat; 6 rooms; latest improvements;
rent reasonable.
Q1 A REDUCED. 1614 LEAVEN WORTH—
C I ' '• Upper flat 4 rooms; yarl; cheap.
— 9^l MCALLISTER— FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
• —"3 bath: sunny side: rent reduced.
UNNY Ft ATS; 3 AN' l' 4 ROOMS; BATH;
kJ garden: *13 and «16. 1706 Post st.
(^•l7 NEW MODERN SUNNY FLATS, FIVE
'11. rooms and bath. 141 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth su
Q1 t ' MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
•^.LU. and bath. 2203 Geary, cor. Devisadero.
Ql /v ELLIS-THREE ~ SUNNY" FLATS; 3
OX \J rooms, bath, yard, basement: $20.
1 *>i 1 1 TURK— FURNISHED FLAT; THREE
±—'J-£ rooms and bath: rent $25.
(Dt"l f\ 4- ROOM UPPER FLAT, HALF A
»Jp IV. block from Third and Missiou. Apply 15
Grant aye.
0 TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
»> tage3- from $6 to $'JO. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st.
i"_AT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, -10 Mont-
gomery st.
OWi-R FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST. .
j 100 feel from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14: water free.
L'LtUANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
ij low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
SUNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
>J all latest improvements: $16. 713 Urove st.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
California Street.
O-*>l CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
— «JO.L nished rooms and bath for housekeeping;
Cal A. M-: cheap.
ill iv Street.
9Q EDDY— ONE FURNISHED SUITE FOR
—• / light housekeeping ; ( lubroom or doctors.
Ql 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
OX I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family.
Eighth Street.
QA/f EIGHTH — DOUBLE SUNNY ROOM
"_)V/x for housekeeping.
tills street.
QQA ELLIS-2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
OuU keeping rooms: in rear; $12; also single
rooms.
Fifth Street.
99 1 FIFTH— NICE SUNN'S ROOMS, WITH
_.— I kitchen, for housekeeping.
Ml A FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
Oi.tr dow room and kitchen: also two other
sunny front housekeeping rooms; bath; yard : pri-
vate; $10 up.
Q QE FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOCSE-
OZD keeping; 2. $10; 3, $13: single, $5.
Ceary si eel.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR.
-II'! unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
Fourth Street.
QH7 FOURTH — SUNNY FURNISHED
Ou 1 housekeeping rooms; $2 to $2 50 per week.
Howard Street.
19^ HOWARD. COB. NINTH - FINE
XJmO^ large bay-window room: suitable for
housekeeping or 2 gents; single room $5.
Jessie street.
Anf> JESSIE— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FURNISH-
"i 1 \) id for housekeeping: also front room.
LMrkin Street.
Q-J A A LARKIN- 8 08 6 ROOMS FOR lIOUSE-
OJ I keeping, furnished; cheap.
>iimii;i -nee;. -
aO7 MINNA— 2 LARGE WELL FURNISHED
■_O I housekeeping rooms: reduced.
... ihnlnn - . 1 *«.,
QQQ MISSION — 2 LARGE ROOMS AND
000 kitchen, well furnished: $12; also single,
QCI MISSION-SUNNY BOOM. KITCHEN,
JLO'i exclusive oath and porch; other rooms.
nor MIfSJON —HOUSEKEEPING: ALSO
• 'O J ove front room for $1 25 per week.
A a 7 MISSION— TWO FURNISHED BOOMS
>J~i i for housekeeping.
1 99«.» MISSION — 2 OR 3 ROOMS rUR-
.I Z.L.L nished complete for housekeeping. ..
1 9rr 1 MISSION — TWO IHuUSEKEEPING
I— ■>! rooms. $ 1 0.
I~K 1 A MISSION— TOP FLOOR: NICE HOUSE.
J. OX _; keeping; 3 or 4 rooms; bath, yard, laun-
dry, basement. '
New Montgomery Street.
in: NEW MONTGOMERY" —CHANGED
L\JO hands; clean, front furnished housekeep-
ing suites, $8. .
o'l-jtirell Street.
9991 O'FARRELL — FURNISHED ROOMS
———2 for light housekeeping.
Octavia Street.
1 _.OQ OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY-SUNNY;
X^iUO hay-window connecting: furnished. .
Pearl Ktreet.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA -2
•-) or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
Tost Street.
7"I C POST— FURNISHED OR TNFURNISH-
-1 1 O ed rooms: light housekeeping or oflice.
Prospect Place.
"1 90 PROSPECT PLACE — FURNISH ED
I _.) rooms for housekeeping or without, with a
Gerznan family. -vt'-. •
Seventh Street.
Q9QI SEVENTH— 3 UNFURNISH'D SUNNY
O^-O){ rooms cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
; sixth ISreet.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
I—l cozy housekt eping rooms and other rooms.
A H) S ' X TII-BASEII I- NT, 3 LARGE ROOMS',
"i— yard, $8; furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms.
lliini Street.
QQJ THIRD— 2 I'NFUKNISHED HOUSE-
O»)n keeping rooms; water included; rent $6
and $7.
Turk *• ' rout.
mT U RK — EiEOA NTLY FURNISHED
suites, single mis: light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
"I O_l TWELFTH— B FURNISHED OR UN-
XO"t furnished housekeeping rooms; lower floor.
Twenty-sixth Street.
net TWENTY- SIXTIT, NEAR MISSION-
'XOz Nicely furnished clean housekeeping
rooms: 'on 1 rent.
KOO.US TO LET.
i.v.-li Street.
797 BUSH- LARGE BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
I .- < also small front. $7^
I 1 (\rr BUSH— HA N us. >m"kT.Y~FUHNIKHED
1 IV7 I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath. ,
1 tidy >t 1 «se .
I ] O EDDY— THE BRIGHTEST. CLEANEST,
I 1 O cheapest rooms in the city; $6 up.
QH7 EDIJY— SMALL SUNNY ROOM; LOW
Owl rent: private family.
i.itliili >>tro«s.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, ' ?S RTH
0 «:.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished. .
1 i ii - Street.
POYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
It lights in every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers: open all nl?lit: rooms, per night. S6c
to $1 50: week. $2 to $8: month, $8 to $B0: tire
escapes: elevator on ollice floor' r'ms for families.
THE KAMOXA. ELLIS: MRS. KATE S,
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot cola water.
0 I A ELLIS- 3~NE\V_Y FURNISHED ROOMS
-lv complete for housekeeping; $28.
OS ALE HOUSE, ELLIB— 10(1 ROOMS
J k at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
3 *>»">" KLLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
— — CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and roomiug house; 60 rooms.
"Tj Q ELLIS - FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
J-O nished; light housekeeping: single rms., $6.
COO ELLIS — UNFURNISHED PA R LOR
fJ— O floor of 2, 3or 4 rooms; suitable lor doctor.
Fifth street.
-1 C\(\ FIFTH ST.-NICE, (LEAN. SUNNY
1 "«" front rooms, single or double, $1 50 to $3
per week.
Oearr street.
JOA GEARY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE VA-
-1— \l cant July 1: suitable for doctor, dentist or
others; reasonable; also other rooms.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites: single rooms; $10
mouth up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
uuiiieu Viate Aveuue.
ri l\ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT,
OX U sunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
iiuwnnl Street.
1 RAfi HOWARD, COB. FOURTEENTH — 3
_LOv_/U or 4 rooms: rent low.
liyde street.
91 0. HYDE ST.-TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
— IU rooms: complete for housekeeping.
•> ones *»■ reel.
9A 7 .'ONES — THE VAN WINKLE; NEW
— ' ' • &:«natrenient'. elegant sunny suites and
tingle; newly furnished; bath, etc; Slu 10 $:«.
»«»rnT street.
A BLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KE ARNY— rLEAS-
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first ditu
id every respect: terms reasonable.
l-arkin Street.
Oft A —LARGE SUNNY FRONT
GUI furnished, $8 50; large back, $7: housekpg.
1 AA7 LARKIN-CRAGBOURN- ELEGANT- I
IvU.I ly furnished sunny rooms, single and en |
suite. (
Market Street.
T^OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, Ssc to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
31iima street.
C\(\l MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
Uu I nished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
jii>»..<>7, >treet.
rf\O MISSION st.— laege light ROOM;
I \Jp suitable for tailor.
VlfiWi/y FURNISHED; CHEAP RENTS;
XI front or back rooms, $6 i- p. 832 Mission st.
99991 MISSION— NICE LARGE ROOMS;
—— — new bedding; private family; special
Care.
Fine Street.
r»l 1 PINE-SINGLE AND DOUBIE FUR-
Ull nished rooms, from $5 to $10 a month.
Polk Street.
1 1 OQ POLK, COR. SUTTER— NICELY FUR-
Xx OO nished front rooms; reasonable; new
building.
I 1 A-[ POLK, COR. SUITER- LARGE FRONT
XX_X sunny bay-window room.
I'ost street.
(*■] C POST— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
Ul O rooms; $5 to '-
i uwell Street.
HO* POWELL, COR. GEARY— LARGE SUN-
~_<J ny corner room; nicely furnished.
Stevenson Street.
'I 7 STEVENSON— SUNN FRONT ROOM;
OX I well furnished; cheap rent.
/•'9A STEVENSON— CHEAP SUNNY ROOMS;
U— U single or double,
I* utu-r iiree;.
79/? S UTTER-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
4 — .U private; gentlemen; reference if required.
Taylor Street.
1 fIQ TAYLOR — LARGE PARLORS. $20;
X\JV large double rooms, $2 a week.
1 A Q TAYLOR— ELEGANT ALCOVE FRONT
Xt:»/ parlor, newly furnished; a.so single front
rooms.
Tenth Street.
1 9' TENTH— LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
-1 *-O room, gaj, bath, $9; small one, $5.
'lurk Street.
OAO TURK— PARLORS, FRONT OR BACK,
*.)\JO furnished; closets; gas: very cheap.
Willow Avenue.
79A WILLOW AYE., BET. BUCHANAN AND
i Jii\J Web ■• r sts -4 sunny rooms: $7 60.
nHEAPFrrr AXI) BEST IX AMERICA-THB
V. i i KL>Y ( ALL. Bent to tny address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI £0, post-
MS free. I
IiOAKJJINCr ANl> KOO3IS.
pToLCMBI A~HOTEL- D. B X' LEY, '*&*£■
\J merly proprietor et the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackmeier's Hotel, and assures his i
patrons and the traveling public that his former I
reputation as a host wfll be outdone in his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.; meals 25c.
VfEAT SUNNY ~ ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN:
XI breakfast if desired; references. 1220 Mc-
Allister st.
7 1 9 post - FURNISHED ROOM ; USE OF
I 1- parlor and piano; good board: $:'O up.
TH STEWART, COH. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suitei orsingle.
707 ELLIS— WELL FURNISHED FRONT
I O I bay-window room, with or without board.
HOTEL BERTLINO," 714~ij|J"sil~A FAMILY
hotel: references ulvtu and required; mod- I
fT'i conveniences
children buauoki). ~
t" ADY WISHEBTO BOARD A.v;> 6 ABE FOR
XJ 1 or 2 children: lar.,-e playground and gar-
den, good board and best care. Apply 3470 Seven-
teenth St., near Valencia.
I" ADA' IN COUNTRY WISHES 1 OR 2
XJ small children or infant to board; good home-
reasonable. Apply at ( all Office.
\ aN T E D— SMA LI. CHILDREN TO BOARD;
" good home and mother's care. Apply 191 i
Magnolia st, Oakland.
LADY WITH GIRL 16 WISHES 1 OR 2
Children to board. 134 Collins st.
9 CHILDREN. NOT UNDER 6 YEARS. TO
— board. lfa6S Thirteenth aye.. Fast Oakland.
STOKES TO LET.
I^ATiGTTc^R^E^TI?TOR^XvrTH^irLTvi^
J rooms and basement; also flat of 8 rooms and
bnth. 41 7 1 - a iI; nl st.
Oli'lC'KS TO LET. ~~
SPRECKELS BUILDING,- 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light-
heating and janitor service free. Apply at buildlne
orG. 11. UMBSEN <fc CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
KE~MOVED— DR. C. C. 6" DON N E LL~T<>~I2O3
J V Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T F.AIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT I
his museum, 1051 Market St. : his 30 years' 1
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
itie worst casts treated satisfactorily by mail.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUKE 24, 1896.
HOTEL TO LET.
TO LET— THE W. IKI.I. iK't-K. 317-319
X Bush st.; this well-known hotel Is thoroughly,
renovateu, considerably improved; compares witn
best 2d-c|ass hotel In town. MADISON ,v- BU HKK
HOTEL- TO LEASE.
HOTEL T«l LEASH fob A TERM of YEARS;
J 1 new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining! 83 rooms; also crouud Moor and well-'
lighted basement; centrally iotated. ii block N. of
Market st. and 1 blcck from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnlsm-d thronstiout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to >. SILVEHBERG, 320
sgnsome st.. room 39. •■ • .-■
HOTEL WANTED.
\\r anted— to" LEASE or rest.Tgood
'» country hotel; send particulars, etc. A. ZEL-
I.KK. 1607 Brush St.. Oakland.
BICYCLES.
T KM' lb^ie^TrUiH^GKXDFr^^N rTK>I bT-
i-> cycle at a great bargain.- IRA SORRICK, 14
Sansome street, room 87.
T W INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
'i . Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
SECONDHAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
O oilier: lernis. cash or installment; -Crescent
$25, Cleveland »SO. A'ictor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
O~ NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE; $45 AND
00 $55 eaali; half price: few left. GEORGE
WEBB ALr.XANUEK, 401 Market St.
■OICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, To $65. HAM-
I> ikon Cyciery, Baker su, near Hayes. -
I.ICYCLKSFOR $20, .125, ' ;$3O, $35, $40, $45,
l-> $50, second-band. 306 Post st.
TpOR sa"le^'96 RAMBLER; WARWICK: im-
X penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba gains.
SOSLarkin st.
"OARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO i.XT;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo- |
Allister aim Powell st. car linea. ;
i'OK SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
(jf? (• HANDSOME WHITE SeWING-MA-
VLU. chine: equal to new; attachments com-
-1 let ■- 808 Union st.
QL()OP-YACHT-$200: 27x11. APPLY STORE
O 1548 Park St., Alameda.
TRRIGATOR-. 4 AM) 8-HORSK SECOND-
X hand g«so.ine engines, first-ciass and cheap-
Address G. E.. box 100, Call Office.
(•-FOOT BY S-FOOT 2-INCH BILLIARD TA-
■> ble; in good order; suitable for private use; very
cheap. Inquire 2014 Flllmore st.
I^RF-SH COW FOR SALE. INQUIKP; FORTY-
— fifth st., opposite Old Ladies' Home, Oakland.
*Ok GOOD BUSINESS BUGGY: OR
»]?■*-•-'• trade for second-hand lumber. 115 Sec-
ond st.
X— 3 LP. UPRIGHT ENGINE A CENTRIFU-
-V-galpumpattachedAso-llghUlyiiamo.Sl6Misslon
L'CIK SALE CHKAI- - TEAM OP YOUNG
X mules, harness and wajfuu; good roadsters
Apply 1»13 Magnolia st., Oakland.
COUNTKRs. BSE LYING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121 Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California!
V)OILIiRS,_NUINEs,2D-HAND MACHINERY, !
it waterplpes. Xclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
, UILDINU> BOUGHT; LUMBER, rsA-JinT
L! doors, mantels, eta, for sale. 1166 Mission.
USE. SMALL MEDIUM. AND I.AKUi; SIZB
lire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market
1/1 AND BUKGLAR SAFE, LI II Kit-"
X press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10'^ Clay.
VfEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND- j
X* hand. W. 8. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California <■:.
EDUCATIONAL.
pROFESSQi G. MTN7TFl_i7n^l'ETcinsiroF
x violin, yiuar. mandolin, bar.jo. 1707 Market.
"\I RS., MELVILLE SNYDER. 715 POST ST.;
■»■'-«- rocai music: piano; elocution lor parlor,
stkge, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specialty; !
vocal classes Monday 8 p.m.; $1 per month.
HORTHAND AND TV P WR 1 T ING
school : terms $3 per month. 605 Ellis st.
]^"!GHT!sCHOOL;HEALD'SBUS.COLLEGE;24
i-T Post {Commercial, shorthand, English: low rates
PIANO LESSONS, 500 HOUR. ' MR. WATTS,
218 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ sat teaching; i 3 time and far more practical \
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
ATTEND ( OLLEGE, 723 MARKET
•tV su The very b- st individual Instruction:
20 trial lessons In shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen- ,
manship. Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
BOOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, oka mr i
day A nlsjht:noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission j
ECHT'S 10-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE j
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd: 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), B2s. 927 Market.
fi UiTAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MA X V WEsTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH VOICE-IMPROVEIt 83
Ninth st.
QI»ANISH. FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
O and Parisian, 8 lessons w. 1 *3 m. Maze bld,,r.;<7.
PaXISU, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Jlelstertichaft School Languages, 12'J O'Farrell s:
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: Ufa I
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
pELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OK ACTING— I
Xi Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed '
en stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mki j
CUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVII* MINING, ME- j
O chanical engineering, surveying, arcbitecturs, !
iissay -. estab. 64. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 72S StltS,
H"EALD'3~BUSI COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, Lubineu practice, shorthand. .
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, mod«i«
i«nguace-i rapidly tßUght. Write lor catalogue.
ATTOKNEYs-AT-LAW.
AI'VII X 1 -'KLE-DIVOKCE LAWS A «-l'K("l-
-ally; private: no charge unleas successful; all <
J»w suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a;-
tended to. G. U. HOWE, att'yat-law. b5O Market. ,
RW KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 1 lIKU.V
. icie Dldg: advice free; moderate: open evngs. i
E. PHILLIPS-U.S. and STATE COURTS;
J. R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es- (
tates: charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
rp J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT i
J. . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st.. rooms 14, 15. j
\\r W. DAVI DSON, ATTORNEY- A 1 -LA W, 420 j
*' . California st.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free. ,
PROI'OSALS.
PROPOSALS FORTu^RNlsluNxrH^nTßirNprs
— for use of the Fire Department— Office of the !
Board of Supervisors of the City and County of |
ban Francisco. June 23, 1896. ■"■-*,
In accordance with Resolution No. 14.588 ;
(Third Series) of the Board of Supervisors, bids :
will be received In open board on MONDAY '
AFTERNOON, June i 9, 1896, from 2:80 to 3
o'clock, to furnish 500 hydrants, more or less, for '
use of the Fire Department, as per pattern to be j
seen at the Corporation Yard of said Department. i
Said hydrants to bede'ivered from time to time as }
required at the works of th» manufacturerfrom data 1
of award of contract to June 30. 1897. All gates,
bends and valves to be of San Francisco maim- J
facture, and all hydrants manufactured and do- j
livered under the contract to be approved by the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department prior to
their acceptance. I
NOTlCE— Bidders will state a price per hy- '
drant for which they will delves the same com- j
plete, wit.-i the understanding that the contractor
must deliver such number of hydrants as required I
and called for by said thief Engineer, from time I
to time, without extra charge from the price l.iil,
payment therefore to he made, on the reception
and approval of the hydrants as furnished here- !
under.
The party to whom a contract is awarded ,
will be required prior to or at the time of the ex- '
ecution of tbe contract to pay the cost of adver- .
Using this notice in tnn c dally ne>- spapers. 1
In order to preserve uniformity and to facilitate '
the award the board has resolved to receive no !
bids unless made upon blank forms prepared by
the committee and a certified check for the sum of '.
$500 deposited by the bidder with and made payable !
to the Clerk of the board, conditioned If the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded, and if tne I
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the advertising '
charges, execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six day-, after the. award is ;
made, then and In hut case the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County treasury by said j
Clerk as liquidated damages tor such failure and 1
neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. ':. •■?
___^ JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR SUPPLIES FOR VEtT£ j
X rans' Home Association— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at its office, room 3. 320 Sansome street, j '
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10 o'clock a. m.. Satur- j
day, June 27, 1896, and opened Immediately there- I
alter in the presence of bidders, lor furnishing and j
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies '
for the Ye erans' Home, Napa County, California !
(railroad station, Yountvllle), tor the six months i
commencing July 1, 1896, and ending December
31. 1896.
Schedules with Information and Instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon application i
by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow I
the conditions of the schedules, and no bid will be I
considered unless It is in accordance with such |
schedules Each bidder must accompany his bid I '
with a certified check upon some well-known and |
responsible banking house for at lerst 10 cent
of the amount of his bid, payable to J. C. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder, will enter I '
into a god and valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, ami to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified. %
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veterans'
Home Association, room 13,320 Sansome street,
San Francisco, Cal. • '. ■ r
By order of the Board of Directors.
' J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary. .
"PROPOSALS FOR A CONCKKI E BULK- j
X head and bituminous yard work— sealed propo- !
sals will be received by the Superintendent of !
Common Schools in open session of the Board of <
Education, new • City Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24, 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and tor bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmorolltan
Grammer school in accordance with plans and
specifications (and thecon itlons mentioned there-
in) at the olHce 01 Charles I. Havens, architect of ■
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. OEOUOIi JiKANbTON, Secretary.
PERSONALS.
T\7TD^W^n>TNEK D WILL DISPOSE OF HER
''bankbook, California savin's and Loan So-
ciety, «200 deposit, at lair discount. Address P.
D., box 32, thl* oflice. ■
\ DVE»iTISEK WAN 1 s «>„ V . itA ..ii... ->o
A to complete camping party. 537 Fourth st.
ARD AND .LIFE READING, 25c; LADIES
only. 1 14 McAlllsler St., room 20: 1 to 8 p. m. .
» DVICE FREE; .Ui'.uiaa .... » .-, . >,-!,.
Xv cialty: private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection*, wills, deods^etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.at:v-.'.t-!a\v, fcso Market Si
ESKROOM FOR RENT. ROOM 305,
XJ Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday. June 26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 18. Forpar.lculars a Idreai424 Pine.
INFORMATION WANT 5 CONCERNING
1 BENJAMIN L. ROADUA P. formerly of Abi-
lene, Kans.. and lately of Pueblo and Salt Lake
City, ana now supposed to be in -an Francisco or
vicinity. Address HAVEN & HAVEN, room 13,
seventh floor. Mills bu lding, s. F.
TRIED GETTING YOUR HAIR DRESSED
-L at Lederer's? Do. Excellence and thorough-
ness is my hobby, and the price— 2sc— is my strong
point, i-;. LEDKKER. 11l Stockton St.: the store
nearest Geary; don't mistake the number.
AIRDREisINGT~2Sc; MANICURE^ 25c;
face treatment. BUTLER'S, 181 Post St., r. 20
SUKH. .CURE FUR POISON OAK, RING-
O worms and other skin troubles: ecz?ma re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mail for 25- cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francis -o. Ca 1 .
RB. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. l'J6 Kearny St., room 47.
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST; Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Keainy.
Parisian millinery school; A full
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaran.eed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
rTLOAKS, CAPES ANDSUITB RETAILED AT
V, manufni' cost. Factory. 20 hap.some, upstairs.
PAZOR" EXCHANGE. • 630 MARKET ST.;
It line edge put on razor for 25 cents..
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
*• low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial 10 J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
/ 1 *.<». W. PHELPS. ATTORN Y- AT- LA W, 215
vJ Sansome St., room 4.
U ITS TO (lUI)l.K ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parlies. $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company.! 1 17 Market St., bet 7th and Sin.
LIBEUaI.TI»VANCKS OX DIAMONDS, JEW'
elry, etc. 1 lowest ri\te% 5)4H Market st
1 i C'AKl)\ $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
I >\JVj tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary su. r. 39.
» TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
x\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason St. ; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM I
Jli Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
21)0 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Q hTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
►S. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
1G OUTDOOR ST R EOPTICON SHOW EVK-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters Of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
GOLD. SILVER, (CENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 So cor. Je«4l«
DKESSMAKEKS. '
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 5053,4 Natoma St., above Sixth.
rtOSTUMF.S REAmJnaBLK; SPECIAL
\J rates to professionals. Room 85, St. Ann's
building, 6 Kddy st.
ILAIKVOVASTS.
ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE
that makes tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CAKNKLLK.
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stump answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
DDIE SWAIN'S TALK— "PHENOMENA"
tests Wed., i riday; no fee. 11 McAllister st.
MX. RAVENA~iTeaDS LIFE FLUENTLY:
buslnessadvlce;names given;26c up. 5 Fourth.
V PSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 1!5c;
gents 50c: all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
1 ON ELLA, RITUAL AND TEST MEDIUM,
XJ recently of New York, tells you how to be pros-
perous in business; locales mines: sittings daily;
hours Ito 6. Parlors 8 and 9, 318 Kearny st.
ME. STEWART. THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and *1; call and be convinced of
b«r wonderful gift, Koom».3and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City: greatest card reader 011
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton su Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, Card- reader, born with a donDle veil and
second night; ladles SOc gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 su. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. SYBILLE Tt.LLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 25 cents. . 614 O'Farrell st.
ME. LKGEITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. MOREAU, BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. AKXIiT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 50c and $1, shows you the picture
yonr future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
JSTURNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
It SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
nr*>»eni and future: prices moderate. H56 Mission.
SI'UUTUALtSM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
2\. . MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lire is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this '-oust in the ten years past, Is
aguin at her old office.', 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the sick made strong : the
poor b>-conie rich; if you think your husband, wile
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try io imitate her as the eternal heavens are
hiuh above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure meaus! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that tinman flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how ionic sanding. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most suc-
cessful and satlsf:»c ory. All letters answered.
DISEASES DIAGNOSED FROM A LOCK
OF HAIR.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FKK $1 & UPWARD!
- MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, >
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
BIBHOP GARRISON. 1370 M 1 KKkT ST.:
seances every night except Mondays and
Thursdays: independent slatewritini;. materializa-
tions and trumpet speaking: 1 nvate sittingsdaily,
$1: chairs for seance, -sc: gr md developing circle
Saturday nights: hours dally 9 10 4.
MKS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, " '- T
The celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to all her patients who return this cou-
pon; she desire* to make known her wonderful
power over the sick, troubled and Hiliicied: your
life described from cradle to the grave; gives you
success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp nun. ; si: fines $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
PEOPLE'S' SPIRITUALISTS'" SOCIETY—
X El ection of officers July 1, BP. M. 11l Laritln.
>»EMOVAL— ADDTE SWAIN. ASTRAL SEER
'It and psychic physician, 14 McAllister st., near
Jones, rooms 18 and -0: no fee except as a gift.
TiLAIRVOYANT: LADIES ONLY; FEE~2Sc;
\J 41 Minna St., basement.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BUSl-
ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak st.
MME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
vro. Kearnv. now 920 I'cwt ; fee $1; letter $.2.
ASTROLOGY.
M! I)l( r \L~ASTROLOGY-FR6F\ ThoW^ARIVS
vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfect nealih. ■ 311 1-iyde st.. 10 to 3.*
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: daily or by mall. $-'. 36 V^ Geary st.
_______ _— __-
STOKAGK.
S~~TORAOE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
-0 proof building; advances made. 211 Larkiu.
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FtTRNI-
A tnre, etc. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market.
JARGEDRY, BASEMENT WITH HYDRAU-
J J lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
rp H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
1 . reduced rates: basement storage.ill 6O per load
ijiUKNITUKE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
X vances, shipping. CHAS. L. T A YL0K.204 Post.
T OWES I' RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
Xj household goods, etc. J. M. .''erce. 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof buildtn?: Eastern plan.
, BAGGAGE TRANSFER.
rTmUNKsTsiOVED. 25 CENT& COMMERCIAL
X Transfer company, 43 Sutter at.; telephone
main 40: ke°p your checks lor us. .. -■-■■-■.:
_______________
TYPEWRITERS.
~\~SPI?ENI)ID REM INGTON7SIO~SE7rD~FOR
A sample work. SCOTT <fc BANNAN, 333
Montgomery st. .
sEwrxo machines!
"/TILKINDS BOUGHT, BOLD. EXCHANGED, :
ix reniedi repaired; lowest rate* .05 i'vurtU n.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
500 SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Business corner W. Post pnd Lacuna s:s. : rent
$79 50: go and see this at once, as it is a particu-
larly choice piece. O'FARRELL & CO., 11
Montgomery st.
<S»Of»AA COTT*GE NEAR MARK FIT AND
<Z)Z.\J\J\J. Valencia sts.: worth $3500; offered
at this low figure to make immediate sale. O'FaR-
RELL ifc CO., 11 Montgomery si.
& 1 C >r\f\ LOT NR. 3D AND MISSION STS.;
tjr>l_\lU. on small street; worth $2500.
O'FARRELL & Co., 11 Montgomery st.
©QnrjA DEVISADERO - ST. BUSINESS
tJ\j\J\f . property: store and upper flat: im-
provements tirst-clas-i: make an offer.. O'FAR-
RELL <fc CO., li Montgomery st.
pACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
At a big sacrifice: originally COSt $8000;' can be
bought for $4600, if solo immediately; fane marine
view: one block from the cable and electric cars;
contains 8 rooms and bath. -
O'FARKELL it CO., 11 Montgomery st.
We have building lots from $75 up; $10 down,
$10 per month: all level ana ready to build on.
Call for our list before you buy. -
MUST BE SOLD.
$°7'%n LOT N. SIDE PAGE, NR. LA-
«J I O\J. guna; 2 frontages; reduced from
$5500.
C?<-7Q X.f\(\ FINE BUSINESS CORNER;
tjp ~O.O\J\J. substantially improved; on Mis-
sion St.; large lot ; rents $180; Investigate.
O'FARKELL it CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
PLACE YOUR ORDER WITH IS FOR A
i house, and lot: we can arrange to have a house
built containing four rooms and sell the sane with
a desirable lot tor $1000 mid up, according to lo-
cation, etc.; a reasonable cash payment required;
balance monthly.
BALDWIN it HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
'THE BEST PARK LOTS.
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
LOTS ON II STREET.
LOTS on I STREET.
LOTS ON NINTH AVENUE.
LOTS ON TENTH A\ ENUE.
The most desirable lots in the city at the prices.
All streets graded; sidewalks li.i i : every lot level
anl on grade with street; water and gas mains
laid to property.
. s. ONLY $750 UPWARD.
BIG BARGAINS. GOOD INVESTMENTS. "
BALDWIN 4 HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st
OWNER MUST LEAVE CITY; WILL SELL
great sacrifice for cash; SW. cor. Foisom and
21st sts.. «)'.x9o ft.
SOUTHWEST 20TH AND TREAT AYE., 25x
0 110 ft-
* I.SO 50x100 FT. N SIDE PAGE ST., 37 FT.
A from Shrader, bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
A I SSI UN COTTAGEsi ~
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24th st. and Potrero aye. ; all street work
finished: terms to suit; live sold this month by
F. NELSON, builder, on premises:
$2000— Five-room co tage. >
ifl9. s >o— Five-room cottage.
$1 800 - Four-room cot.ta:e.
$1600— Four- room < ounce.
81400— Four-room cottage.
*4! 7 OH FINE PLACK FOR A TEAMSTER,
<jSO I \J\J . near Bryant and Sixth sts. : 2-story
house of 7 rooms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons:
street accepted; size 37 :6x80. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN. 24 Montgomery st.
CC. BEMIS.
. HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE
$2000— E. side of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700—50x127 :6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison tt.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of Dark.
L' HI SALE —ELEGANT NEW 12-KOOM
X house: salon parlors; reception and billiard
rooms; furnace heat; opp. Park. 1917 Oak st.
NLY $601) ASH. BALANCE AS iIE.N'T, IF
desired; new and very handsomely decorated
and finished residence, near panhandle; unob-
structed marine view, and overlooking the park;
every room sunny; strictly modern. Apply at
220) Fulton st.; take Hayes or McAlllster-st. cars
to the park. •.-.■•
C^in/iA COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
*3r-~l"'v. on lot 60x122, near station: terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; #26 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
positive Snap.
8-rco.n residence in the Western Addition: 15
minutes from Kearny st : can be modernized at
a small cost; see this and make an offer. Further
particulars of owner, box 162, Call Omce.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
kJ at from $150 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
/ 1 HEAP — ONE 2-STORY' HOUSE. LOT; 7
\J rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tunes: stone walks.
On Waller st , nr. Stanyan, y 2 block c*. Gate Pane.
A ft AA 21 ST AND DOUGLASS; ' LOT '25.1
«iP I \J\J. 125. ( all a; 865 Mission, WAT-ON.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
FKOPJ2KTX TO EXCHANGE.
BARGAINS— WHAT~Bo YOU WANT?
O\J\J 20 houses and lo's from 1250 .$lO,OOO
Residence propert*', clear. 12.C00
50 ranches, ail sizes, from $100 to 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
H. C. DECKKR, 1020 Market St.. Opposite Fifth.
I OO|) ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
1 —CM ' water: fine mr eattle-rnlain*. N..bx. 16. fail
PKOI'KKTY "WANTED.
r^rTT;D"^GOOD^PAYII?G INVESTMENT
' » business property, between Market. Jones and
: Geary sts,, S. F. ; mus pay 5 per cent net: outlay
! $40,000 to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 633
j Hobartst. OaKland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKF.ATSS INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call
"VI ONEV LOANED UK UWKLKV AND
l'l other valuables at th« Security . Loan Offica,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tur*.
OANS ON REAL KSTATE IST OR 2ND
-^mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, :-i.'H Montgomery.
j NY AMOUNT: IST. ;u or 3D MORTGAGE*:
i A. estates, undivided interests, real estate In uro-
bale. McCOLGAN. -4 Montgomery, room 3.
1 IRECT ON YuLiv FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohiie bldg, 1170 Market su
itS'leiVD IvtAOES; INTERESTS IN E-i-
-tute«:lowest rates :no d«>Iav.MURPHY.62S Mrkt.
i DVANCE.SON DIAMONDS.JEWELKV, JSTO
./A Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. 9 (.iraru aye.
A DVANLES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELHY
STORK. H4H Market st.: i)'>en evenings
i i'A BItOKJLJIS.
~T?T~128 KEAKNY ST\." ROOM 9-MONBY
xi. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: t-lvvator: pledges for sal J cheap.
• DENTISTS. '
THIRST-CLASS D r.N I IST R V ; fTrST^cTaSs"
X prices: first-class results: painless extraction
nnd painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM.. M.D., 600 Sutter St., corner Powell.
DR. "DUCKET I', 1703 Po.vr .Vl'., NEAR BU-
I-f cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
DB.L. T. « RAN/—E XTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work. ■ 1 ridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
fiROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
v^' ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth,
inn $5: fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
7e»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
' «jp 'l good as can be made: lilHus: $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist.. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. - .
~\~\H. LUDLUAI HILL. 1443 MARKET ST.,
i-J near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whet
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
T/ULL ■--.£. 1 Of -J'j-.iVJ'li. $7; \V ARRANTKII
J? five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth st.
S~ et OF TjSETH WITHOUT A i'laTK. dk. i€
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk hi. ,
I \R. GEORGE .W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
U Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from t> to 20 O'Farrell st.
PA IN LESS EXTRACTION. BOc; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 tin-. 13 year}'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815:14 Geary.
nOLTUN DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80d MAX-
/ ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, MARKET, COX GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
~A LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAK-
JV ranted. DR. J W KEY 1123 Market st.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.' '
IVOR RENT— 2 COTTAGES: MODERN; 5 AND
X 6 rooms: 815 »ndsl6; large lots near Berkeley..
J. 11. EDison, 808 Broadway, Oakland.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
3o"-acre"lovely ranch only
I ijp^'t/ 1 U. few minutes from town; nice new
house, barn and complete farming outfit see this
and you will buy. SPECK it CO.. 602 Market st.
<3j"lftKfl A NICE 10-ACR- FARM, H/ 2
(JpIV'UU. miles from town, all In choice fruit,
grapes end berries: all tools, chickens, etc., in-
cluded. see SPECK A CO.. 602 Market st.
If* A ACHES 3 {MILKS FROM LIVERMOiiE:
1 \J\J vineyard, orcnard and grain: fine improve-
ments: cheap for caih. SPECK & CO., 60U
Market, st.
TT'ORiM MEDIATE SALE— ONE of THE FIN-
X esl school sections in Northern California at $3
per acre; $6 refused only '2 years ago; clei<r title;
taxes alt paid to date. Address schoM, box 27.
Call Office.
T ITTLE HOMES. close TO town. IM-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 10 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINO, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market. s;., S. F.
00, DAIRY AND WOOD RANCH OF 160
acres. United States patent, and 160 acres
homestead abandonment: more than 100 acres
tillable: 1000 cords firewood: 3 large springs: 2
miles from town; lovely situation; $1000; half
cash. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City. Cal.
T>eautjful~homeT 175 ACR-S FOR SALE
X) at a sacrifice: land is situated in Monterey
Count; overlooking the bay of Monterey; fine im-
provements, stock, tools, etc., go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, fine water and climate. For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 33, Castro-
vllle, Monterey County. Cal.
KNKTO LAND DEPARTMENT OF BOVEE,
O -TOY & SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery st., for
maps and full information of McMahan Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; uuequaled in Cali-
fornia. -. ■ ... . .
\\' a nted^toTease, small ranciTfor
" chic -.en-raising in the vicinity of San Fran-
cisco Bay. Address, statin? rent and lull particu-
lars. L. D.. Box 23, Call Office.
QAN MATEU: FUR SALE; SPLENDID COUN-
O try residence and 3 acres of land : house has all
I modern improvements: grounds nicely improved
i with ornamental trees, flowers, etc.; also outhouses
in all kinds; this is one of the most desirable places
ofSanMatfO and can be secured at a bargain.
Call or address Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy, cor. Mar-
ket and Powell sis.
"L^RUIT ORCHARD - 10- ACRE TRACTS,
-T fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
i for men by tbe year: women and children during
I fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda.
A LAMEDA 'I'I'NTY FRUIT LAND;
. » choicest in the State: selling in tracts, 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: l 1 Hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect.. 57
Chronicle building :;_::
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES «6 MILES
from city: lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
; ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
i acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
I pany, 65 Chronicle building.
! T/<OR HOMES IN LOS G VrOS OR orchards
j X in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
. or address C. U. STETSON, box 298, with 3. li.
i Noble <fc Co.
K.M>t'OKOIJB LIST ijf ORCHARD HUAIiiS
for Ra!p. WOOSTKK * WHl'l'l'dX. "nn.-lw.'
; OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL KSTATK.
MUST BE SOLI) CHEAP; NOW IK THE TIME ;
Fruitvale. IVi acres land, full-grown orchard;
i good house and outbuildings: spring water; lost'
| the place for poultry : see own'-r on plac?, June
i 28 or after. C. B. REUS, Dimond, Alaraeda Co ,
I Cal. . - •
AKLAND AND FKUITVALE property
for sale or exchange: furnished houses to let.
K. HILL. 34 Dopohoe building, S. F.
i 07x75 FEET. ON FRANKLIN ST., WITH
*J • improvements; business corner; must be gold
to close an estate: the chance of .1 lifetime: no
reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ILATS .TO LET. :
I Q NEW MODERN^7-Rt)7)MT ; LA/rs: NO
! ?JP-LO. dark or inside rooms; stove in Kitchen;
I dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central;
I near Adeline station: apply at once. A. H.
' BREED <fc CO.. 460 Ninth St.. Oakland.
: ..._ _■_ . ._
OAKLAND 140031S AND BOARDING.
J [ AKGE SUNNY BAV-WISDOWED^FuT-
-1 IJ nished room: 3 minutes' walk from local
J trains. Apply 577 Ei?hth St., Oakland.
M~ ARIPOSA— MRS. EMMA H~. ADAMS—
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh t>t., near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
1 FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO . LET.
with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
j and eastern exposure. 1303 Castro st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS'
I OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA ' KKAL ESTATE.
TpOR SALE— " *""""' "•""■~"~~" % ~~ -~— -~~~-
J? House 8 rooms and bath. Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand st. : cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.:
on long time and easy terms, or . will exchange for
San Francisco property. Apply . .
EASTON, ELDRtDGE & CO.,
;-.-: - . 638 Market St.,
• San Francisco, Cal. ;
QtiKrWlfl" BEAUTIi'UL -. NEW MODERN
1 £pL)UUU. two-story house, finely finished and
i beautifully frescoed: large rooms: Central aye.,
i one clock west of Park St.; it will surely please
you; investigate: terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth st.. Oakland. ', r
AKGAIN— SI3SO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; houso of six rooms; $350 cash;
! balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMKDA KOOMS TO LET.
I »> To 6 NICE sUNN\ ROo£S~kN NEW COT-
-1 O ta<j;e; furnished for housekeeping: near both
trains: Almii"d:t. G.. box 2. Cai: Oflice. Oakland.
BKKKKLiik' UKAL KsTA'X'K.
OSEPTT~J. MASON, REaL~ESTATE~AND
insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
i bank.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. O. MAY & CO.. real estate
and biiildliig. 212 a Center St.. B»rk"lev.
I imm ~ "— " ' "^*" ""** — — — —
IiKKKKLLV HOUSES.
7j^Oß^~~RENt'^CHolcE?T^' LOCATION IN
! X Berkeley, lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
i lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
j furnished; to tirst-class tenant long term. Sea
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
3iAijßiAiit;s— mm
BOltX.
BORN— In Alameda, June 20, 1896, to the wife of
, C. L. Born, a daucbter.
EGGERT— In this city, June 21, 1896, to the
.wife of August Keren, a daughter. ■
M AKKIED.
; ALMOND— WESTERBBRG-June 10, 1896. by
J the Rev. Dr. K. Nelander, Fred Almond, and
; Lillie Westerner?.
BaNGLE-METZGER— In OaKland, June 17,
1896, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Amos Lincoln
I Bangle and Marie Metzijer.
DA THOMPSON— In thlscity, June 22, 1896.
by the Rev. Philip Coombe, Frank W. Davis
I and Sadie K. Thompson, both of San Francisco.
! GRANT- LEWIS— In this city, June 22, 1896, by
the Rev. W. 8. Urmy, George Lincoln Grant of
Juneau, Alaska, and Lillte Anna Lewis of San
Francisco.
1 RANSEN-SAYLOR— In San Rafael, Arthur F.
Hansen and Grace Marsdon Saylor, both of
! Berseley.
HI NTINGTON— HISCOX— In Oakland. June 18,
18 6, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dtlle, Heher Lloyd
Humington and Gertrude Mervil Hiscox, both
i of Oakland.
1 JONES- FAIRBANKS— In this city, June 21,
I 1596, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Tom G. Jones
! ' and Levina Fairbanks, both of san Francisco.
! JUNG— THALFR-In Oakland. June 20, 1896. by
the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Gottlieb Jung and Lizzie
Dora Thaler. ■
MAHONEY— RE ITS— In Oakland, June 9. 1896.
by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, John O. Manoney and
Katie Reitz. ■ • ■
THUS- HEINE— In this city. June 19, 1896, by
the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Henry B. Thuu and
.Marie S. Heine, both of tan Francisco. ; ■■ '
■ TUTTLIS— MOK'JAN— In this city, at St. Luke's
Church, June 17, I"<9is, by the Rev. W. H. More-
land, Louis Fosdick Tuttie and Florence A. Mor-
gan, daughter of the late Commander William
A. Morgan, U. S. N.
DIKD.
Billesbach. George Peffer. Mrs. Harriet M.
Callaghan, -Mrs. Ann Perusina, Antonio
Oreightnn. Willie Russell, Patrick
Cuna. Harold ■■ Scnin;lt. Augustin
Dimond, General W.H. Segulne, Frank J.
Fletcher, Al'red H. Shaughnessy, Theresa
Goggln, John Smith, C. W.
Herold, Marie L. St. Joan, Mary •
Keenati, Catherine Stutz, George
.Mentre!. Philip Waas. Albert H. :
McMillan, Angus E. ' Varozza, Mary E.
: Mutter. August ' Waterman, Moses
O'Grady, John Welch, S. M.
j BILLESBACH — Lower Lake, Lake County,
Cal., June 21. 1896. George. Btll»-sbach, beloved
husband of Catharine Billesbach and father of
■ eorge and Leslie Billo«bach and brother of
Thomas Billesbach, a native of Wisconsin and
resident of Oakland, a^ed 39 years 8 months and
21 uays. "J-;;'- ■-;..■:■ ■* - .• ■ -
CALLAGHAN— An anniversary requiem mass
- will be celebrated for the repose or the soul of
the late Mrs. Ann Callaghan •at Holy Cross
Church TO-MORROW (Thursday), at. 8 o'clock
a. m. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. ■ • ' ■
CREIGHiON— In this city, June 23, 1896. Willie,
. beloved son of William and Annie Creijrhton, a
native of san Francisco, aged 6 years 6 mouths
. and 25 days. . ,
CUNA— In this city, Harold, dearly beloved son of
(Giovanni and Wllhclmina Cuna. a native of ; San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 13 days.
£3~Frlends and acquaintances are respict-
■ fully invited to attend tha- funeral THIS DAY'
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock m., from the resi-
deuce of his parents. 115 a Langton street. •
DEVER-iu this city, June 23, 1896, Rote Dever,
relict of the late James Dever, and beloved
mother of John, Michael and the late A. J.
Dever. a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged
< 75 years,
>ND-The funeral of th-> late General W. H.
Dirnond will take place from the First Presby-
lerian Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Sac-
ramento street THIS DAY (Wednesday), at
1 :30 p. m. Friends are respectfully invited.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER ; FIREMEN'S As-
sociation— Veteran Volunteer Firemen will as-
semble at their hall, 24 Fourth street, THIS
DAY, a: 12:30 p.m., to attend the funeral of
our late brother and member. General W. H.
Dimond. .1. s. MARSHALL, President.
. -- W. a. ScoLi.AY. Secretary.
FLETCHER-In Oakland. June 23.1896, Alfred
•4 llobdel], beloved son of W. C. and Mary Fletcher,
and brother of Mrs. William Roberts of Benicia
and May, Emily ana W. C. Fletcher Jr., a native
of New York City, aged 27 years.
GOGGIN— In Angels Camp. Calaveras County,
June 23. 1896, John Goggln, uncie of John and
Cornelius Manning, a native of Macroom, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 43 years.
«_"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HEROLD— In mis city, June 23,1896, Marie L.,
beloved wife of -Louis Herold, and daughter of
Mr. and .Mrs. J. B. Fevergeon. and sister of
Fran«, Louise and Maxinle .fevers-eon, a native
of France, aged 33 years and 6 months.
HS"Friends and acquaintances are ■ resoec*-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at -8:30 >. m., from . her late resi-
dence, 3&V3 Clara street, thence to French
Church O' Notre Dame Vlctolres, Bush street,
between Grant avenue and Stockton street. In-
trrment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEEN AN —In this city, June 21, 1893, Catherine,
beloved daughter of Elizabeth Keenan, and
sister of Thomas Keenan, a native of san Fran-
cisco, aged '21 years 3 months and 12 days.
f£B~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th funeral THIS DAY
* (Wednesday), at - 2 o'clock p. m., from the
- undertaking parlors of McGinn Bros, 31 Eddy
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MENGEL— In this city. June 25, 1896, Philip,
Beloved husband of Sa villa Menerel. and father of
Mrs. L. F. Salbsch of Stockton, Cal.. and the late
Clara Mengel. a native of Germany, aged 55
years 11 months and 18 days. [Stockton (Cal.)
papers please copy.J •-• ■
4fS*Frlenas and acquaintances are r<MD"<v-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from his late
. residence, 1327 Stevenson street, between Her-
mann and Ridley. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
McKOWN— In this city, June 23, 1896. Patrick J.,
beloved husband of Catherine McKown, a na-
tive of County Armagh, Ireland, age.l 38 years.
MCMILLAN— In this city, June 23. 1894. aftera
long and painful illness, which he bore with
Christian patience and fortitude; he lived an
honest ?.nd upright life, and died deservedly re-
gretted by all who knew him, Angus E. McMil-
lan, a native of Prince Edwards Island, aged 70
- years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from St. Domin-
ic's Church, steiner and Bush streets, where a
solemn reg liem mass will be celebrated for the
reposa of his so.il. commencing at the above
hour. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MUTTER— In this city. June 21. 1896, August
Mutter, beloved husband of Josephine Mutter
and father of Karl, Louisa, Otto, George, Albert
and Mary Mutter, a native of Baden, Germany,
aged 48 years. A member Of Amalgamated
Society of Engineer Machinists.
S3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tun^ral THIS DAY
(Wednesday) at 8:30 a. m. from the parlors of
Gantner _ Guntz, 8 and 10 City Ball squar*.
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones aud Leavenworth streets,
where muss will be celebrated for the repose of
his son!, commencing at 9 a. m. interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'GRADY— In this city, June 23, 1896, John
O'Grady, a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged 70
year.?.
*S-Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of - Geary. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PEFFFR-In thlscity, Juue 2?, 1896. Mrs. Har-
riet M. Peffer. nearly beloved mother of Mrs.
William C. Morgan, and sister of Henry B C ran-
dall of Oakland, aged 74 years «nd 2 months. -
PERUSINA— In this city, June 22. Antonio,
Deloved husband of Angela Perusina, and father
of Mary, Catherine, John and Clotilda I'erusina,
a native of Dalmatia, Austria, aged 55 years and
6 months.
• Friends are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 10 o'clock a. M., a his late residence. 2UOD
California street, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's
ChurCh, Filber:' and Dupo-it streets, where
a solemn requiem mass ill ' be celebrated
for th? repose of h;s soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock a. M. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
RUSSELL- In this city, June 22, 1896. Patrick,
beloved husband of Norah Russell, and father of
Mary, Patrick aud Norah lUnsell, and brother of
BartWomew Russell, a native of the parish of
Farnevayne, County Cork, Ireland, aged 51
years. 1 "
«3"Friends and arnnaln!anei»-i nr» r^nec*-
• fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from
h slate residence, 44 Gilbert street, thence to
feU hose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at. » o'clock a.m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHMITT— In this city, June 21. 1896. AuuusMn
Schmitt. b*;!oved husband of Babette Schnitt,
an I father of Eugene, Martin and Ernestine
Schmitt, ana brotner of Entile Sob mitt, Mrs.
Tobias Hock, Mrs. M. Brydingand Mrs. Henry
Hemmer. a native of Alsace France, aged 60
years 6 months and 8 days.
j£3~Fri'-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. from his lat»
residence, 1719 Buchanan street, thence to Odd
F"llow!»' Crematorium, officers and members
of Anchor Lodge No. 23d«, K. Of H., and of
Golden Gate Lodai? No. 8. >. o. U. W., are In-
vited 10 attend. ■ Please omit flowers.
A. O. U. W.— Hall of Golden Gate Lodge No. 8.
A. O. U. W. Officers and members: Yon are
hereby notified 10 assemble in your lodgeroom,
32 O'Farrell street, TH IS DAY (Wednesday), at
1 o'clock p. it.; to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Augustiti Schmitt- .
M. OLE WAN, Master Workman. .
S. J. Lkvt, Recorder.
SENUINE— In this city. June 23. 1896, Frank J.,
beloved son of Harry and Mamie S-euine. nee
MisVell, a native 01 San Francisco, aged 1 year
Ind 3 months.-  •
SHAUGHNESSY'— In this city, June 23 % 1896,
'iheresa, beloved. daughier of Michael F. and
Mary Bhaushnes»y, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months.
j£S*Funeral private.
SMITH— In this city, June 22, 1896, C. W. Smith,
beloved husband of Mar- A. Smith, and ratner
of Mrs. D. Jutton, Mrs. Henry Rlvth, Charles
W. Jr., George T. and William H. Smith, a na-
tive of New York. ././;". v".O • ■>•.-
Friends and .acquaintances ar» r°^nec:-
fuUy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from King Solo-
mon's Hall, Masonic le tuple. Funeral under
the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F.
and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery,
K. OF H.— Union Lolge No. 1895, Knights of
Honor: The officers and members of Union
Lodge No. 1895, K. of EL, are hereby requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother, C. W.
Smith, at Masonic Temple TO-MORROW,
Thursday, at 'i o'clock p. m.
GEORGE WALCOM, Dictator.
Chaki.bs G. Schaefkb. Reporter.
ST JOHN— In this city, June 22. 1«93. Mary,
beloved wife of Pierre st. John, mother of Pierre
L. Raymond V. and Leo C. St. John, a native of
Rhode" Island, aged 44 years and 11 months.
[ Val'pj > papers please copy.J „ '
»S-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 63 Cheuery street, thence 10 St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem muss will be
celebrated for the repose of ins soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. , . .
STUTZ-ln this city, June 23, 1895, George Stutz.
aged 33 years. A member of Marine Engineers'
Beneficial Association.
*y-Noticeof funeral hereafter. Remains at par-
lors of J. Godeau <fc Co., 326-328 Montgomery
avenue. . ...
VAROZZA— In this city. June 22, 1896, Mary
Ellen Varozza, beloved daughter of Vincent and
Annie Varozza. a native of El Dorado County,
Cal., aged 20 years 2 months and 14 days.
WAAS— In this city, June 25. 1896. Albert H..
beloved husband of Mary Waas, and father of
Cnarlotte. Henry and Alice Waas, and son of
' Henry and the late Charlotte Waas. and brotner
of Louis Waas, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years 2 months and 19 days. I
45- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his lat«
residence, 348 Waller street (rear). Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WATERMAN— In this city, June 23, 1896, Moses,
beloved husband of Dlua Waterman, father of
' Mrs. A. Stein, Sam and Leonard Waterman, and
brother of Mrs. E. L. Goldstein, Mrs. Yetta Uhl-
f elder, Mrs. Fanny Rosenfeld and Louis Water-
man, a native of Germany, aged 63 years and '£
months. [New York papers please copy.J .
&3~Friend3 ana acquaintances are r»ir><»^'.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10:16 o'clock a. m., from his late
resilience, 1123 Laguna street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
CONGREGATION OHABAISHALOME— The of-
ficers and members of the Congregation Ohabal
Shalome are notified to attend the funeral of our
late secretary. Mov s Waterman. TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10:15 a. m., irom his late resi-
dence, 1123 Lacuna street. Interment Home of
Peace by 11:30 a. m. train . from Third and
■ Townsend streets.
WELCH— In DansviUe. N. V, June 20. 1898. of
paralysis, S. M. Welch, father of Mrs. Mark
Sheldon, Mcd 79 years •
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
' FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. " '
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
INCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST
-L Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Ma'eo County: nearest cemetery to
the city: non-sectarian, In" no hknse exclusive;
PERFECT title GUARANTEED; location . unex-
celled. ■/■'•-. > - : - ■. -•■ ■ ;:. '■ ■ ' . " :
Please call at office, 997 Market St., before select-
ing burial place elsewhere.
1516
NOW MRS. CRAVEN
HAS BEEN SWORN,
Serenely Sat With the Con
testants Before Judge
Slack.
COUNTER SUITS BEGUN.
Counsel for Charles L. Fair Must
Come Into Court With
Papers. .
THE BIG FIGHT INTERFERES.
Lawyers Consent to Postpone Until
Thursday to Give Them a
Chance to See It.
Still the Fair will case weaves and weaves
an interminable complication.
The attorneys for Charles L. Fair have
dragged Mrs. Mettie C.-aven into court and
with her Charles K. Williams and Stephen
Roberts, requiring them to produce what
papers they may have which purport to
have been written by James (J. Fair.
While the attorneys for Mrs. Craven
are lighting off this appearance they pre
pare and secure from the court (yester
day) a counter order requiring the attor
neys for the children of James G. Fair and
the trustees of the estate under the earlier
will to appear in court with all the papers
which they may have purporting to have
been written or executed ; by James G.
lair.
That is a Roland for an Oliver.
Mrs. Craven records her deeds for the
Pine and the Mission street property form
erly belonging to Mr. Fair and straight
way begins suit for ejectment against the
occupants, claiming back rents and dam
ages. That was day before yesterday.
Yesterday Pierson & Mitchell, as attor
neys for the trustees, James S. Angus,
Thomas G. Crothers and W. S. Goodfel
low, began suit against Nettie R. Graven,
Marc Levingston, George R. Williams,
Stephen RoCerts and Elizabeth Haskins,
to quiet the title of these properties.
So every aggressive move by the alert
aggregation of legal talent on the one side
is met by a counter move on the part of
the alert and aggressive aggregation of
legal talent on the other side.
The appearance before Judge Slack yes
terday afternoon, although it brought out
the attorneys in full force, developed
nothing of a sensational nature.
Attorney F. S. I'.rittain, acting for Mr.
Delmas in the latter's absence, made the
opening statement to the court. He
called the court's attention to the fact
that Mr. Delmas had been engaged daily
for a long time in an important case ; at
San Jose, his whole time and attention
being engaged by it until the past few
days, when he became ill and was con
fined to his bed; that this (yesterday)
morning he had left the City. He was the
leading counsel for Mrs. Craven; it was
his desire to represent her in an import
ant matter of this kind; common cour
tesy would suggest that the matter be
postponed until he could be able to ap
pear.
"We have come here as directed by the
court," said Mr. Brittain. "We are eager
and ready to go on with this matter, and
have long been so. The postponements
have been the work of the other side. Our
excuse now is one that is respected always.
Our clients are in the City and are availa
ble at all times."
Mr. Brittain th^'i went over something
of the ground that he had canvassed in his
argument of the night before. He called
attentton to the fact that the provision of
the code under which the subpena was is
sued specified that the parties so called
upon to testily nmst have knowledge that
tliey alone could impart.
He read the provision and then said that
this was clearly not the case in this in
stance; that the attorneys on the other
side had Themselves the knowledge that
they sought to have the witness make
known upon the witness-stand.
He then said that W. W. P'oote had that
morning been associated with Mr. Delmas
as counsel in th hat he (F<
had asked him (Brittain) to make this
opening statement, and that Mr. Foote
would now wish to bu heard.
Mr. Foote, who had taicen a seat beside
Mrs. Craven some minutes before, rose
and said that he had had no opportunity
to speak to his clients and knew nothing
about tne case except what he bad learned
in a few minutes' conversation with Mr.
Brittain. He hoped the matter would go
over until Wednesday evening, or perhaps
the counsel on the other side would be
willing to let it go till Thursday evening,
as there was a counter attraction on
Wednesday that he was sure they were in
terested in. The attraction referred to is,
of course, the Corbett and Sharkey battle.
McEnemey, Knight, Heggerty and half
a dozen others, all sitting in a row, bowed
a ready assent.
Judge Slack said the date had been fixed
and no counter attraction sucn as indi
cated was sufficient to change it. He went
on to direct as to the making of the order
when the long row of attorneys rose up
NEW TO-DAY.
I BROWNS; 1
(II j**** m€ *{' 111
Jjm prevents aU danger of JK^.
M serious results from x^
changes of water and Jm
mlk climate, or impru- iWfti
Wit dence in eating. If jftW
mB taken in time cures In
Illu all stomach and di- mil
luH gestive troubles by |]|ff
[ healthfully and natu- Wl
p,^* rally stimulating and wF*
3 strengthening the and /ftp
strengthening the tis- mr
St7fi sues. Gives instant re- £A
lief in cases of cramps, w^
Bf& cholera niorbus, and V&
fff£ kindred troubles. i\\
llfff *^§$>§W»*£ Mill
.gig FBEO BROWN CO.. I'hlla.lii. '$%fc
JOSS MARGARET CRAVEN. IT*. W. FOOTE. MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN.
Blrs. Nettie K. Craven, Her Daughter, and "W. W. Foote, Enlisted Yesterday With Mr. Delmas as
Mrs. Craven's Counsel.
and with the one voice of a trained chorus
they cried :
"Is the date Wednesday or Thursday,
your. Honor? — we have all agreed upon
Thursday."
The court looked amused, and Mrs.
Craven's counsel >miled with a wide iron
ical smile at these lawyers late so eager for
immediate action.
George Knight helped himself and his
associates out by saying that he had only
now arrived from the East and had had
i no time to get posted on the latest phase
of the litigation and really needed the
time, so the court changed the date to
Thursday evening.
Mr. Foote had stated in the beginning
that Mrs. Craven would be perfectly will
ing to take the required oath, and she now
quietly stepped to the clerk's desk and
was sworn. Thereupon this scene in the
play dissolved.
As Mrs. Craven walked down the corri
dor, in company with her counsel, an of
ficer approached and served her with
notice in the suit to quiet title referred to.
"Do you accept service?" he said.
"Certainly," she replied, laughing. "Just
as often as you please."
At about the same time, as stated, yes
terday afternoon Dr. Marc Levingston,
proponent of the will document alleged to
be the last will of Senator Fair, related in
an affidavit following closely in form that
used by thea'torney of Charles L. Fair to
drag Mrs. Craven into court, that each of
the attorneys hereafter named possessed
knowledge of singular importance and
which they alo.ne could impart. Part of
this knowledge is declared to be in docu
mentary form. I'pon this a subpena was
issued commanding Reuben H. Lloyd, W.
S. Wood, George A. Knight, Charles J.
Heggerty, Russell J. Wilson, Moumfonl
S. Wilson. Charles S. Wheeler, Garret W.
McEnerney, W. s. Goodfellow, William M.
i Pierson, R. B. Mitchell, Richard V. Dey,
James S. Angus and T. G. Crothers
I to be in court Thursday evening at 7:30
and bring with them all books, papers and
writings ot every nature and kind, exe
cuted or written in whole or in part by
James G. Fair, deceased, which are now
in their custody, and that they bring with
| them and produce all books, papers and
writings oi every nature and Kind exe
cuted or written in whole or in part by
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, which are now in
iheir custody ; and, particularly, that
they have then and there with them
j a certain instrument trade and en
tered into by Charles L. Fair, The
resa A. Oelnchs and Virginia Fair,
wherein and whereby said parties
authorized and directed Richard V. Dey to
settle the claims of Mrs. Nettie R. Craven
against tiie estate ot James Q. Fair for a
sum not exceeding $-~>oo,ooo, conditioned
upon the probating of the will of said
James G. Fair, dated September 21, 1S I j4,
if the -same is dow in their custody.
This last clause lays bare the entire ob
ject of the order. If the proponents se
cure the presence of that document in
court and it proves such a document as
they claim, they will have succedeed in
materially embarrassing their opponents.
TROUT IN THE YOSEMITE.
The Fish Commissioners to Plant
Thousands in Its Lakes
and Streams.
A Company of United States Troops
Will LeDd Their Aid in the
Distribution.
The State Fish Commission has pent A. j
G. Fletcher to the Yosemite Valley to dis- j
tribute among the many streams and
lakes of that region 500,000 trout. Mr. !
Fletcher left last evening. He will pro
ceed directly to the Wawona hatchery,
which is located or. the south fork of the
Merced River, about twenty-five miles
from the valley.
This hatchery was built last year and j
this is the second season of its operation, i
In distributing these fish the commission
is given the assistance of the troops in !
the park, under Colonel Young, who very |
kindly volunteered to furnish packtrains
and troops to handle the fish.
The waters of the Yosemite Park are !
very extensive, comprising the different j
forks oi me Merced and Tuolumne rivers,
as well as countless lakes of good dimen- i
-ions, most of which are entirely devoid I
of lii<h. These waters, however, are well
provided with natural fish food, and un- }
questionably will sustain great quantities i
of fish, which will be available for food
for campers and tourists.
The Wawona hatchery was built by the
Washburn Brothers, who own the stage
line in the valley. The trout to be placed
in those waters are the "Rainbow" trout,
Irom Siskiyou County, and the "Mykiss," j '
or "Cutthroats," from Lake Tahoe.
Mr. Fletcher will begone about a month i
on this trip and will visit the most' remote !
parts of tiie region. The distribution i
will, however, take a much longer time.
This work will be the most important, so
lar as trout are concerned, of the Fish '
Commission this year.
In the Thirty-Fourth.
Under a call from Secretary S. M. Williams
the executive committee of the Thirty-fourth
mbly District met last evening In Native
Hull, Seventeenth street, and adopted
resolutions indorsing Charles H. Mayer us
County ( ommitteeman. A committee "of five
wa-. appointed to secure permanent headquar
ters as follows: E. \\ . Buctlce, G. Elder, James
Becsey, D. J. Kelly and .1. H. Ilarney. as also a
committee of three appointed toorganize a
uniform drill corps, E. B. Smith, F. Jeuing and
Cord W'etjen.
Crack Bicyclial Arrested.
J. K. Edwards, one of the crack bicycle riders,
was arrested yesterday morning (or violating
th<- bicycle ordinance. Jlc was on his way to
Centra] Park to train for the races on the
Fourth and was bailed by a friend who ivas
on the sidewalk on Market street, between
Ninth and Tenth streets. He rode over to his
friend and joined him on the sidewalk, when
a policeman arrested him.
rhe Supreme Court Moves.
The Supreme Court will to-morrow remov<
to its new quarter.-, in the J'arrott building
Jor a number of years the highest tribunal o
' Hiiiornia has been located in the Suprem<
Couri bailding at the northwest corner o
Larkin and McAllister street?.
r«M'tur«- on I :> I I t< i.s.
\ iree lecture by Kcv. .lames T. Ferguson
ivill be Riven at Metropolitan Temple next
I'hursdiiy evening at 8 o'clock. His bubjeel
will liv ' •.Exploded Fallacies."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1896.
WILL EXPLORE
IN VANCOUVER,
Rev. W. W. Bolton Leaves
This Evening for
the North.
A DANGEROUS MISSION.
To Traverse Trackless Forests
and Snow-Capped Moun
tains.
NO INDIANS WILL GO THERE.
An Unexplored Country That Is
Marked by a Blank on Even
Government Maps.
Pvev. W. W. Bolton, rector of St. Mary
the Virgin's Church, leaves this evening
for Victoria, I!. C, en route for an explor
ing expedition into the heart of Northern
Vancouver.
Even on the Government charts the
tract of country which Mr. Bolton and his
expedition intend to traverse is only
marked by a blank space, broken here and
there by a few rivers, suggested by dotted
lines, to indicate the fact that geographers
guess that they may be meandering some
where in the locality. No white man has
ever set foot in the trackless forests or
crossf d the snow-capped mountains of the
region which the party will explore, and
trie Indians shun the interior of the north
ern portion of the island as they would the
plague, for there is an old, old tradition
among them that devils dwell there.
Mr. Bolton is perhaps better acquainted
with the country he intends to explore
than any other white man. Two years
ago he headed the first and only expedi
tion which has succeeded in passing
through a portion of the heart of Northern
Vancouver. He undertook the work under
the auspices of the Province Newspaper
Company of Victoiia and succoeued in
passing from the northern shore of the
island to Mountain Lake through a
country of dense forests, snow-capped
mountains and glaciers.
It took him and his men two months to
make the distance, and during that time
they passed through many dangers and
privations. At ons time they were
snowed up for two (Jays on the summit of
Snowsaddle Mountain. When the storm
ceased they attempted to descend in a fotr
down the rugged sides of the mountain,
which no man had ever descended before.
Suddenly Mr. Bolton began to shoot down
a snowslide. He did not know what lay
below him, but he managed to turn over
and clutch at a rock. Two days after he
and his men went back to see the place
where he had slipped and found that it
was just above a clear drop of 2000 feet to
a lake at the base of the mountain.
At Mountain Lake Mr. Bolton's former
expedition was forced to break up camp
and strike out for the coast on account of
the approach of winter. There an Indian
canoe was bought and the party struck out
for civilization. This time Mr." Bolton ond
his followers will steam up in a little coast
ing steamer to Adams River, about seventy
miles from the north of tiie island. This
river runs out between the Newcastle
range and the Franklyn range, and it is
believed that there will be fewer moun
tains and glaciers to traverse than by
striking inland further north.
The abandoned camp at Mountain Lake,
in longitude 127 degrees 40 minutes, and
latitude north 50 degrees 20 minutes, will
be the first point which the party will aim
to reach. They will then head south for
Alberni, a distance of about 100 miles.
"We expect to change a good deal of \
this," said Mr. Bolton yesterday, pointing i
to the blank space in a Government map, j
which represented the unexplored track !
of country. "There are some of these
rivers which I feel sure are wrong, and we
hope to indicate some new lakes and
mountains."
Through the wild country with its
dense undergrowth five miles a day is a
very rapid rate of progress. The 'party
expects to be lost to the world for at least
two months. There are four of them, Mr.
Bolton, J. W. Lane of this City and C.
\V. Jones and W. Green of Seattle They
will carry nothing but absolute neces
saries, though Mr. Lang will indulge in a
camera. It is also his intention to pros
pect and if precious metals are found he
intends later on to develop the mines.
The party will carry a map with every
Indian ranch on the coast marked on it,
in order that if any one becomes disabled
his friends wili know the nearest point to
strike out to for relief.
■•What we shall find in there we do not
know," said Mr. Bolton. "When we come
out we will tell The Call ell about it."
POPULISTS AT WORK.
The Thirty-Fourth Assembly District
Club Opens the Campaign in the
Mission. ■
There was a fair attendance at the first
campaign meeting of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District People's Party Club at
Mission Opera Hall last night. President
John D. Spencer opened the meeting by
reading the Populists' platform adopted at
Sacramento on May 13, and making a few
pertinent remarks thereon.
George D. Gillesnie discussed "The Two
! Old Parties" in connectionwith the recent
State and National conventions, declaring
that while the Democratic convention ot
614 members adopted a silver plank in its
platform 350 of the delegates were solid
gold men and absolutely under the con
trol of Daggett. Their action, he ex-
I plained, was due to policy only and in no i
way to loyalty to principle. In criticizing
Cleveland's bond-issuing penchant he
charged Senator John Sherman with be
ing the Democratic President's man Fri
day and his secret and most trusted ad
! viser.
There was a duet by H. Dinslaye and
! Henry Penning, followed by an address by
j Joseph Asbury Johnson on "Populist
! Chances of Success." He charged the
i Democrats with having waited until the
| Republican party had declared itself for
I gold and then taking up the cry of free
coinage for silver. He predicted that the
Populists and the men who were for silver
from principle and not from policy would
not be befuddled by the scheme of the
Democracy, but that all in favor of free
silver would unite on a common principle
and a union candidate — some man who
would favor not only free silver coinage,
! but the abolition of all National oanks
and the issuing of all money directly by
the Government.
In conclusion he saia: "You will have
seen the last of the Democratic party
when this campaign is over. It will never
run another Presidential candidate."
This met with hearty and long applause.
Laurence Gronlund detailed in a com
prehensive manner what he considered to
be a "scientific remedy for hard times."
Fred Miller, the secretary oi the club,
which now claims a membership of up
ward of 500, reviewed the progress of the
organization for the past two years, show
ing it has made remarkable advancement.
Miss Martha It. Aspden rendered a
violin solo, and Burnette G. Haskell made
i the closing address in his best style.
TO OBTAIN A CHARTER
The Journeymen Burners* International
Association of America Will Be
Represented in This City.
The San Francisco branch of the Jour
; neymen Barbers' International Associa
j tion of America held its second meeting
! last night. Forty-two members have al
! ready signed the roll of membership, and
! it was decided to send for a charter to-day.
] The platform of the organization is to
; obtain for Sunday a partial rest, shorter
! hours and maintenance of prices and
wages. They advocate the closing of
i shops at 12 o 'clock noon Sunday and 8
' o'clock in the evening week days. A sick
benefit of $5 a month is attached to the
membership. <
The officers are: President, I. Less;
; vice-president, W. B. Currier; financial
: secretary, F. Hodges; recording secretary.
! I. L. Isaacs, and treasurer, C. H. Spencer.
The union proclaims itself to be strictly
! against strikes and boycotts, and allows of
| no college graduates to membership, only
| those who have served a term of appren
! ticeship.
I. Less lias been appointed as State or
i ganizer. It was stated at the meeting that
, the Barbers' Association of California, the
i Barbers' Association of San Francisco and
i the Journeymen Barbers' Union have de
cided to close on July 4 at 1 o'clock in the
! afternoon.
Also that great interest is being taken
I in the barbers' shaving contest which will
; take place at the Germania Gardens next
; Sunday, the occasion being the annual
picnic of the Barbers' Association of Cali
fornia.
At the meeting of the furniture-workers
j last night the blank tor the tilling in of
; statistic* sent by the Lobor Commissi6ner
I was received and it was voted that the re
; quired information be immediately given.
i The union expressed itself as being favor
able to the th ree amendments drawn up
by the Building Trades Council.
The Tailors' Union No. 132 are perfect
' ing arrangements for their mass-meet
ing wnich is to be held July 12 in Academy
Hall. All the tailors in the City are ex
pected to be present at that time.
RETAIL CLERKS' PICNIC,
They Are to Have a Social
Time at Glen Ellen on
Sunday Next.
Half the Proceeds Will B? Devoted to
the Use of the Fifth-Street
Sufferers.
The various members of the Retail
Clerks' Association are making elaborate
preparations to have a delightful time at
Glen Ellen next Sunday. The occasion is
their annual picnic, and they have made
up their minds that nothing shall be left
undone to make the gathering a success
both socially and financially.
There is one thing connected with the
picnic that cannot fail to win the public
approbation and insure them success in
their undertaking. It is that they have
generously decided to donate half the
profits to the aid of the sufferers by the
dreadful Fifth-street disaster.
The excursion will leave the Tiburon
ferry, near the foot of Market street, at 9
o'clock Sunday morning. Casa.ssa's First
Regiment band will on that day give an
open-air concert at the landing from 8 to 9
(/'clock.
On the way to Glen Ellen the excursion
ists will travel by special boat and train,
and will be entertained with instrumental
and vocal selections.
At the grounds the day's festivities will
include a grand cake walk, open to all,
and the winners will receive substantial
rewards. Fully 250 gate prizes will also
be distributed, and for the victors in the
various games and races there will also be
suitable premiums.
One of the gate prizes is noteworthy, a high
grade '96 bicycle. It is now on exhibition
at Beamish's shirtstore, Market street.
Another special feature will be the tug
of-war between the employes of J. J.
O'Brien and Hale Bros:, and those of
O'Connor, M off at & Co. and the White
House. The posters also make mention
of a vaudeville show to be given in the
large tent. Forty people are announced
to appear in a series of juggling and acro
batic performances.
The prices of admission for the round
trip are $1 each and half rates for children.
Editor McClatchy's Case.
The Supreme Court yesterday issued a writ
of certiorari in the csse of Charles K. Mc-
Clatchy, editor of the Sacramento Bee, who is
held on a chnrge of contempt of court by a
Judge of that city, because oi crtain state
ments published in the Bee.
Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', IB Urant avenue.
ALL IS PREPARED
FOR THE BATTLE,
The Picking of the Referee
Will Be Decided To-
Day.
CORBETT'S HAND HURT.
Swelled From Violent Contact
With Bob McCord's
Head.
A SHAKKEY RUMOR UNTRUE.
The Betting Was a Little Livelier
Last Night— Prospective Maher-
Choynski Fight.
To-night is the night of the battle. The
gladiators of pugilism, stripped for heroic
physical effort, will struggle in an arena
brilliant with iigut for the supremacy.
Below, above and around them at Me
chanics' Pavilion will be a moving sea of
white, excited faces.
Which will win? Ask of the winds.
A chance or a lucky blow can decide the
contest. The admirers of the world's
champion, James J. Corbett, and the
friends and fanciers of the sailor lad,
Thomas Sharkey, each have money on
their favorite, and money shows tne sin
cerity of opinion among sportiner men.
Champion Jim may not be able to send
his good and faithful left fist with as
telling effect on Tom Sharkey's seasoned
jaw this evening as he had intended yes
terday morning. The champion arose
from his soft and virtuous couch firmly
believing that the fist which decorated the
great John L. Sullivan's face in the famous
battle at New Orleans for the world's
cham pionship, would play a tattoo on the
handsome and intelligent phiz of the
pride of the American navy, Thomas
Joseph Sharkev.
James did not even anticipate wtiat the
afternoon of yesterday would unfold. He
did not take into consideration that an
accident might possibly happen to him.
But the unexpected frequently happens,
and Champion Jim is not at the present
writing as sanguine of stopping Sharkey
as he was when he meandered to the
Olymbic Ciub yesterday afternoon to have
a short set-to with Bob McCord, the old
veteran, who was the pride of the rlub in
a fi3tic way when Corbett was taking les
sons in the manly art from Professor
Walter Watson.
McCord and Corbett met at the club
yesterday afternoon and donned the mit
tens. They .sparred gently for three rounds,
but in the fourth round they mixed
things up. The round was about half over
when Corbett called a halt.|
He had landed a swinging left-hander
on McCord's head, which caused him no
end of pain. One of the knuckles of Cor
bett's left hand was knocked out of place
and the member swelled to such an extent
that applications of hot water had to be
applied immediately. The champion suf
fered much pain lor some time, but last
evening he said that the hand was all
right again, and that he would use it to
good advantage on iiis opponent — that is,
as far as straight-arm punching is con
cerned.
It i- extremely doubtful that he will try
! a left swing at Sharkey's head, even
though a favorable opportunity may offer
to land a favorite blow.
The betting last evening was 10 to 7 that
Sharkey will remain the four rounds.
The general opinion is that Sharkey will
resort to running and defensive tactics for
three rounds, and if every thing goes well
with him up to this point of the game he
may possibly make something of a stand
before Corbett in the last half of the final
round. In fact, his play will be to remain
on deck until the gong sounds the end of
the fourth and last round.
The Marquis of Queensberry rules ex
plicitely state that if a contestant falls
without being hit the referee must caution
him and if he transgresses the rules a sec
ond time the decision must be given
against him. Will this rule be inforced '"
Last night the situation with refer
ence to the referee was that each
side was to submit a list of five or
six names and that a meeting will
be held to-day to make alinai choice. Just
what man will be picked was just as much
an unknown quantity as in the afternoon,
though there were constantly rumors afloat
that such and such a man had been
chosen.
Later last night the betting changed
somewhat. About 9 o'clock $9 to $10 was
offered that Corbett stops Sharkey in the
four rounds. The takers were not many.
There is much more Corbett monuy offered
than Sharkey money. Seven dollars
against $10 was offered that Smith beats
Davis, with some acceptance.
Harry Corbett wanted to bet $100 to ?70
that his brother, the champion, gets the
decision. There were no calls for his
money.
There was Borne haggling but in a quiet
way yesterday over the question of who
shall be the referee. Corbett has no money
to lose and practically no reputation if she
should (ail to put the sailor lad into a
dreamland with a constellation of shoot
ing stars, but on tne other hand Sharkey
has much to win or lose. The former gets
50 per cent of the receipts anyhow, but it
may depend on the decision whether
Sharkey will win $3000 or $1800. If he
stays with the champion through the four
round dance he gets $3000, but if he is
knocked out be will receive the latter sum.
Hence the sailor lad and his trainer are
somewhat anxious concerning the choice
of the referee.
The disagreement has come down to
this: With the Coroett side it is anybody
but Hiram Cook, and with the Sharkey
and Needham side anybody but Alf King.
As Billy Delaney said yesterday after
noon :
"Anybody on earth but Cook. We don't
want him and we won't have him. This
is because of his decision that the Corbett-
Jackson right was a draw.
"We will take any other good square
man," he went on. "King preferred. We
will take Patsy Hogan, Ed Homan or
Patsy Logan, l'hey would be acceptable
to us.
"Happy Jack" Harrington, Jim Ches
ley and Tommy Nolan arc also mentioned
as being agreeable to the Corbett people.
It is quite probable that the choice of
the referee will not be finally made until
this afternoon.
Needham and Sharkey point to Cook
as a man of well-known reputation for im
partiality, and say he would render the
decision according to his best judgment
regardless of whom it hurt or helped. As
serting this to be a fact they ?ay they can
not see why the other side should object
to him.
Corbett has the big end of the whole
proposition, and it may not be impossible
for him to force the other side into agree
ing on King or some other man he favors.
Corbett worked rather hard yesterday,
but not as long as usual. His trainers de
cided that he ought to let up a little, and
to-day he may not work at all, but put in
the time resting. Delaney is of this opin
ion. George Green said it was not finally
decided yet whether Corbett would train
to-day. They would see about it this
NEW TO-DAT— DHT GOODS.
DRESSJ'ABRICS!
Our customers are respectfully informed
that we have just received and placed on
sale another large shipment of PRINTED
LACE DIMITIES and PRINTED ORGAN-
DIES, all in the very latest designs and col-
orings,
Price lOIq
lu2 per Yard,
THESE PRINTED FABRICS will be on
exhibition in our show windows, and as this
is our last importation of choice NOVELTY
WASH FABRICS this season, our customers
are urged to take early advantage of this
offering.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
1892 *"""■' n *\ """■
.11, 113, 415, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
morning. Young Corbett said that the j
champion is not in condition for a finish ]
fight, but he is in shape ior four rounds.
Billy Delaney, Jim Carr and George '
Green will be behind Corbett. Needham, !
Tim McGrsth and Paddy Ryan of Vallejo, i
who will be bottle-holder, will be in Shar- ,
key's corner.
Sharkey and his trainers and a few
friends will come over to this City this af- ,
ternoon and put up at the W T indEor Hotel. :
Sharkey did some light work yesterday,
but to-day he will sprint a hundred yards j
a time or two to limber him up and open !
up the cells of his lungs.
There was a report in Oakland yesterday ;
afternoon that Sharkey had hurt his ankle.
This, if true, wouli have meant that the
fight is off, but it is entirely false. It was
perhaps put in circulation CO affect the !
bettint'.
Sharkey was seen at the Acme Athletic \
Club at 3:15 o'clock. Not only his ankles j
but every other portion of his husky an
atomy is in prime condition, and he is fit '
to make The fight of his life.
Corbett and Green were beaten at hand- !
ball yesterday afternoon by Hampton and
Pocknitz at the Olympic A'hletic Club,
and Corbett was beaten a single-handed ;
game by Hampton.
Jim Carr, who will be one of the seconds !
for Corbett to-night, is an old and re
tired pugilist, though still a young man.
He eoes into the fig-ht owing to his long
standing friendship for Corbett.
Carr has met Jack BurKe, Jack Dem p- ■
sey, Tom Cleary and others. In the fight |
between Corbett and Choynski, which was ,
attempted to be pulled off at San Rafael
some yrars ago, Carr was behind Corbett.
The fight was stopped at that time, but
finally it came off aboard a barge up in
Raccoon Slough.
At the Olympic Club next Friday even- |
ing (ladies' night) Corbett will box four;
rounds with William Smith of Australia.
Before the contest takes place there will be :
given in the gymnasium an athletic exhi- j
bition.
May Be Maher and ChoynsKi.
The National Club telegraphed Peter
Maher last evening that it would match
him against Chovnski for ten rounds, the
contest to take place in July. Maher was
instructed that in case he agreed to meet
Choynski the club would forward him
$500 to defray his expenses to this City.
An answer will doubtless be received to
day froni the Irish champion.
A BANKER'S BANQUET.
Sorotla, the Japanese Capitalist, Enter-
tains Prominent Citizens,
An elaborate complimentary dinner was
given in the banquet hall of the Palace
Hotel last night by Kokichi Soroda. presi
dent of the Yokohama Specie Bank, who
entertained at table thirty-rive guests,
principally the representative banking
men of San Francisco.
S. Hayakowa, secretary to the Minister
of Finance of Japan, and T. Yamamuto,
chief cashier of the National Bank of
Japan, fellow-travelers of Mr. Soroda's
and coworkers with him in the mission to
London to dispose of the Chinese indem
nity fund, were prominent among the few
foreigners present. The Japanese Consul
here and several prominent members of
the Pacific-Union Club had seats about
the pretti.y decorated long table, arranged
in the lorm of a capital T.
Specchmaking, music and good wines
and cigars prolonged the dinner until a
late hour.
On Secret Organizations.
Next Sunday night a sermon on secret so
cieties and benevolent organizations will be
preached in the California-street M. E. Church
by the pastor, Rev. Dr. Goodwin. The various
societies and organizations have been invited
to attend as bodies or as individuals.
When Baby wag sick, we ga~e her Castoria.
When sho was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
We have received during: the week
many remarkable tines of Wool and
Silk Goods, which we place on sale
Remarkably Low in Price!
1 Case All-Wool Fancies. 25c Yard
1 Case Mohair Fancies, $3.50 Suit
I Case Fine All-Wool Serge, 50c Yd
1 Case 42-Inch Crepon, 50c a Yard
1 Case 44-Inch Mohair Suiting
"m Yard
I 1 Case 45-Inch Mohair Fancies
$1.00 Yard
!The above goods are all far below
the price usually asked for similar
qualities.
I SEE Oil BUCK SIIK BROCADES.
I B. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
I Four-room Outfit, Parlor, Din-)
ing room, Bedroom and> ©-7X f\(\
Kitchen. ) «J> I dAn)
\ Fine Mahogany Bedroom Suit) (jj»l f* A
6 pieces. Bevel mirror, 17x30) OJLU.'JU
j Parlor Suit, upholstered in) w*O») jr (\
silk brocatelle ) ip^-.OU
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) (jj»l £TA
and Mahogany Rockers ) <jJJ-l.tlvf
;• ' " And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases,) &A AA
highly polished )" V"±.UV
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) ""TA p^- o
Brussels and Ingrains,)- O\J v^to
sewed, laid and 1ined......) and upward
Also a complete line ot household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. House*
furnished aii over the Coast On easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. i;oorl<i
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Inspection cordially invited and
credit extended to all.
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.,
224, 225, 230 and 306 r.nd SOS
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Open Kveningi
YALE UNIVERSITY.
EXAMINATIONS FOR ADMISSION TOTHF
JLi freshman classes in Yale College and the Shef-
field Scientiiic School will he held in the Urban
s.-hool, 21V4 California 9 sir<-et. beginning ( ,n
THURSDAY, June 25, at 9 A. M.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNET-AT-
V law and Notary Public, tt3B Market at, oppo.
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570, Kesidea«4 l£ia
* elite. Telepbou*. "fiaa" UVU