VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. ir>2.
FREDERIC SCORES
CECIL RHODES.
England's Name Is Stained
With the Foulest
Dishonor.
KRUGER'S REVELATIONS
Proof That Thieves Fell Out Over
the Division of Plunder in
the Transvaal.
CHARTERED COMPANY'S ACTS.
Instead of Facing the Disgraceful Dis
closures Chamberlain Shields
the Plotters.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Ekg., May 9.— Almost every
commentator on yesterday's debate in the
House of Commons brings mention of
"Warren Hastings into his remarks. It is
a natural enough allusion, for there is nu
other passage in the big story of the
British empire that has been made which
bo tits with his modern instance.
Apparently the similarity has to extend
still further, for the famous impeachment
proceedings against the Governor-General
of India lasted, in one form or another, for
seven years, and, judging by the glimpses
vouchsafed us into the Ministerial mind,
the Cecil Khodes affair is planned to string
itself out over a scarcely shorter period.
From the point of view of oratory, which
is all any one thinks of now with reference
to the Hastings trial, 1 fear the nineteenth
century will come out hadly in comparison
with its predecessor. There is no Burke,
Fox or even Sheridan now to snatch im
mortality for himself out of this morass of
stock- jobbing treason.
Old tsir William Harcourt made the best
speech of his life last night, and now that
Gladstone is gone there is no other man in
the House who could have risen anywhere
so near to the plane of parliamentary
usages of a hundred years ago; but when
he look his seat the debate was brought
down with a jerk to the most up-to-date of
modern levels. There it will remain.
Chamberlain's glib defense of himself
rather puzzled the House that listened to
it. .Now, upon reflection, it is seen to be
also the deform: ot Rhodes and L;.« lelicr.T
conspir^tors, and it is not liked. By Mon
day, I imagine, it will come to be .haled
'by the men who to-day are still wavering
in judgment on it. it will not be surpris
ing if, before the end of next week, it
should be practically repudiated by the
acts of the Government and explained
away by Chamberlain himself.
He began last January by resolute action
against Rhodes and the chartered com
pany. When it could not be proved that
they had done anything literally culpable,
even while he accepted thei- assurances of
.personal innocence, he insisted that they
had forfeited public confidence and he
pledged himself by speech and deed alike
to see justice done.
Now wa are in May, and these men are
admittedly proven to have a guilty Knowl
edge of the plot against the Transvaal, to
have organized and paid for Jameson's
raid, to have lied to her Majesty's Gov
ernment and to have been false to every
obligation as subjects and as men. Cham
berlain, however, has quite outgrown his
stern midwinter mood.
Although the Commons contains now
no orator like Burke or Fox, it contains
500 or more men who do not sit for rotten
boroughs, and who have constituents who
read the papers every day.
These constitunents have read during
the last week with astonishment Kruger's
first batch of revelations as to the base
ness, venality and disloyalty of the
chartered company leaders who were rep
resenting Great Britain in South Africa.
To-day comes another installment of
these extraordinary proofs and next week
we are promised more, showing conclu
sively how the thieves fell out about the
division of their expected plunder and
how this alone prevented the comsum
mation of the crime which they all had in
m-ind. These things are being read, dis
cussed and digested by millions of Eng
lishmen. They are rejognized everywhere
as staining the English name with the
foulest kind of dishonor and consciousness
of this cannot be allayed by subsidized
press pleadings or obscured by ministerial
indirection.
Cecil Rhodes should have been stricken
from the Queen's Privy Council eight
days ago, the charter of the South African
Company and its assets should have been
impounded and every one of its agents
and officials should have been suspended
from official place. Tiiat would have been
the very least that the Government could
do in the face of these disgraceful dis
closures; yet we see instead Chamberlain
urging people to remember how good a
man Rhodes used to be, naminp remote
dates for a possible inauiry into the scan
dal, which will make the whole thing a
farce, and meanwhile moving not a finger
to remove thi3 blot from the national
escntcheon. If I know anything about the
English people, they will not submit in
patience to this. lam told that Rhodes
and Beit, the latter a Hamburg Jewish-
German subject, whose prominence in the
conspiracy gives it a quaint turn, are to
plead tbat it was all done for the expan
sion of the British empire, and they are
also said to have offered the Transvaal
authorities $12,500,000 to quash the trial at
f.retoria and let all go free.
Our understanding here is that the ag
gregate of tines ultimately imposed will
not reach anything like tl is sum, but
Kruger properly declined to n>ake money
in this way or to deal with anybody ex
cept the British imperial authority.
Rumors of Lord Salisbury's ill-health
are about again, and I have even heard a
circumstantial Btory that the Duke of
Devonshire is going to take ovtr the For
eign Office, but I am quite unable to say
what likelihood there is that the report is
The San Francisco Call
true. For the moment the new situation
in Persia is occupying the attention of
Downing street, and of Asiatic aspects
generally to the exclusion of other aspects
of the international outlook. The new
Shah is known to be in Russian hands,
and it is assumed that Persia, under him,
will become a sort of Russian Afghanis
t in. wliile England's practical supremacy
in the Persian Gull will be called in ques
tion by France.
It is whispered about that very disquiet
ing reports have come from the British
political resident at Bushire, on this gulf,
not only as-to the general situation, but as
to the actual safety of himself and his
suite, for they are again menaced with per
sonal violence. There is no way of verify
ing these reports, but all the old Indians I
know say the position there is critical.
Unhappily, British relations abroad are
critical at so many points that one added
cause for alarm hardly counts.
The preDarations at Moscow for the
grand ceremonial now so near at hand, be
gun perforce solonga^o, have been so com
prehensively described beforehand that
little is left to the correspondents, who are
leaving to chronicle the event itself.
Considering the difficult relations ex
isting between England and Russia, or
rather between the foreign offices of the
two countries, people both here and else
where are much mystified by the state
ment that the Czar has accepted an invi
tation from the British Ambassador to a
banquet during the coronation festivities.
It i« contrary to Russian etiquette for the
Czar to dine out when" in the empire, and
the late Czar would never have dreamed
of such a thing. It is the knowledge of
this presumably inflexible rule which pre
vented the French Embassador from sug
gesting the idea on behalf of his own
country, but this does not prevent the
French now from regarding with amazed
disgust the fact that this extraordinary
exception is to be made in favor of the
British.
The Parisian journals cling still to the
hope that the report will be denied, al
though it seems to be authentic enough.
What it means is most probably that the
young Czarina has succeeded in getting
her husband to accept the invitation of Sir
Nicholas O'Connor as an offset to Prince
Lobanoffs vigorous anti-British foreign
polioy. Her own sympathies are fervently
on the side of an Anglo-German combina
tion, and it is safe to suspect in this epi
sode the assertion of her personal influ
ence.
French republicans of the old school
must be learning with mixed emotions
the fact that the two magnificent carriages
to be used by the representatives of France
in the state procession at Moscow are bor
rowed by the republic from the ex-Empress
Eugenic.
They were built for the christening of
the Prince Imperial forty years a»o, and
were never publicly used thereafter. When
the. Emperor fell they happened to be at a
coachmaker's for renovation, and there
thpy have remained ever since, till the
emergency of the Czar's coronation re
called attention to them. Eugenic refused
to sell or let them for hire, but said she
would be pleased to lend them gratis,
which the republic* accepted with the
added remark that though it would be
necessary. to paint out the imperial em
blems on the carriages, they should after
ward'be restored to their original state.
To this Eugenic replied that 1 she begged
no such renovation would be thought
essential, as after their return from Mos
cow it was her intention to have them
broken up.
This incident of the carriages attracts
the more notice as there are vague stories
that Prince Louis Jerome, who is now 32
years old and a Russian officer, is to be at
Moscow during the ceremonies and is to
have such marked notice paid him under
bis new style as "General Bonaparte" that
tne French people will be led to imagine
that he is very high in Russia's favor.
Incidentally it may be mentioned that
apparently as a result of public comment
three orthodox Jewish rabbis have at the
last moment been invited to witness the
coronation.
Cardinal Galimberti's death was so un
expected and withal involves such im
portant consequences in European politics
that it is only natural the Italians should
leap to the conclusion that he was
poisoned. This report is openly discussed
in the Italian press, but there is no reason
to suppose that it has any foundation in
fact. A> oftpn said before in these dis
patches, Galimberti was a most powerful
restraining influence in Vatican politics.
He was the tireless advocate of the policy
of not butting the Papacy's head against a
etone wall, and of recognizing the exist
ence of obvious facts. His strength and
value lay not only in his clear perception
of the importance of leaning on the triple
alliance and coming to an intelligent,
permanent understanding with the Italian
monarchy, but also in the fact that he had
a great deal of personal influence with the
Pope and was thus often able to block the
plans of Cardinal Eampolla and his ultra
montane following.
With him gone, however, the liberal ele
ment in the sacred college is left without
a natural leader, and may very likely go
to pieces as an organized force, and cer
tainly the chances that it will elect the
next Pope are greatly lessened.
It is not believed in German commercial
circles that the Federal Council will
give its consent to the Reichstag's
prohibiting dealing in grain futures. I
understand tbat the Hamburg bourse
leaders have taken the initiative in warn
ing the Government that if such a pro
hibition should be enforced they will sim
ply transfer their whole business to New
York and Chicago, and buy and sell there
as before. To meet this the Agrarian pro
moters of the bill say that it will be suffi
cient to add a clause declaring such trans
actions not valid in Germany, but this will
involve an infraction of existing commer
cial treaties and thus afford the Govern
ment a legitimate pretext for putting its
foot on the measure as a whole.
Probably most Americans will be sur
prised to learn tbat by order of the Home
Secretary the principle of separating
juvenile 3in prisons from adults is for the
lirst time officially affirmed in England.
To some extent it has already been
adopted in practice, but hereafter it is to
be the universal rule. Unfortunately as
the laws stand 16 is the age limit, beyond
which offenders become adults, so this ad
ministrative reform misses altogether a
large class of youths of 17 and 18 who per
haps need it even more than their juniors,
but it would need a statute to alter this,'
and Parliament is already so clogged with
work that it is impossible to expect that
this will be done during the present year.
Sir John Millais, I am told, is in such a
precarious state of health that his death
may be expected any day. He still works
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 10, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
a little and still gets about some, but he is
under a medical warning that his tenure
of life is merely from week to week.
James Tissot's great plan of illustrating
the Bible is now on the point of comple
tion and it is understood that when the
work is definitely finished, perhaps next
year, he will leave the world and pass the
rest of his days as a Trappist monk.
Morse's "Biography of Oliver Wendell
Holmes," published here to-day, gets long
reviews in most of the morning papers,
made from advanced copies. They are all
tenderly appreciative of their subject and
are pretty unanimous in praise of the
book as well. Paget's memoirs are also
enjoying an immense critical success.
Harold Frederick.
HERE'S A NEW OCTOPUS.
It Will Control All Traffic Between the
Rocky Mountains and the
Atlantic Coast
CHICAGO, 111.. May O.— A morning
paper says: It was reported yesterday
that the near future would see the birth in
Chicago of a new and gigantic traffic asso
ciation, tbat would have for its object the
general control of all traffic affairs between
the Rocky Mountains and the Atlantic
I Coast, and contain within its limits all the
roads now members of the Western Freight
and Passenger Association, the Joint
j Traffic Association and the Southern
I States Association.
The new organization is to be nothing
more nor less than a blanket association
that will dominate the other bodies, which
will be subject to its jurisdiction.
As yet it is impossible to learn the plan
to be -worfced out, Out it is definitely
known that the headquarters of the new
and all-powerful octopus will be in this
city. The object of the association is the
simplifying of opposition work, ths reduc
ing of the tremendous expense incurred in
maintaining such organizations, and the
retiring of some of the expensive army of
commissioners, chairmen, boards of man
agers ai\d secretaries who now dominate
and rule without any great benefit to the
stockholders of the railroad companies.
An official conversant with the matter
said that the task of putting into active
operation such a vast traffic association
was so great, and involved so many deli
cate questions, that it would probably be
months before anything definite or tangi
ble could be said about it. About the only
subject so far decided was tbat the boards
of directors of all the roads would have a
representative, who in some manner would
act directly for it, and that all earnings
would go into a common pool.
TRIED THE SECOND TIME,
Mrs. Iren Leonard Yet Held for
the Murder of Her
Husband.
Evidence That She Conspired With
a Divorced Spouse to Commit
the Crime.
WICHITA. Kans., May 9.— Mrs. Ireriel
Leonard is beyig tried the second time for 1
the murder of her husband, H. L. Leonard.
The murder occurred in this city on the
night of November 17, and Mrs. Leonard,
her divorced husband, F. M. Williamson,
and their son Norville Williamson, were
arrested for the crime. Williamson was
tried and acquitted. The jury in Mrs.
Leonard's first trial disagreed, and the
son's case has not yet come to trial. The
murder was one of the most brutal ever
committed in this part of the State.
Leonard is presumed to have been killed
while in bed in bis own home. His body
was then dressed and carried into the
alley back of the barn.
He carried a $5000 insurance policy in
favor of his wife, and it was brought out
in the evidence at the former trials tha'.
Mrs. Leonard and her divorced husband
were seen out riding the day previous to
the killing, and that Williamson was read
ing Leonard's insurance policy. The theory
of the State is that the insurance policy
furnished the motive for the crime. A
jury was secured with the greatest diffi
culty.
The evidence of ex-Coroner McColiier
waa given this afternoon. He identified
the bloody relics of the tragedy, detailed
the finding of the body and described the
sickening scene at the Leonard home so
graphically tnat the defendant broke Into
a flood of tears. There is intense interest
in the trial.
He Oro the Champion.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 9.— Alfred de
Oro of Cuba won back the world's cham
pionship in pool-playing from William H.
Clearwater of Pittsburg to-night, the score
of to-night's game being: De Oro 189,
Clearwater 161, and the total for the three
nights, De Oro 600, Cle.arwater 544.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, ' D, C, May 9.— The
Treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $117,775,499. The
day's withdrawals were $18,600.
SAN JOSE'S CARNIVAL QUEEN AND HER ATTENDANTS AT THE GRAND BALL.
MUST BE GIVEN
A FAIR TRIAL
Uncle Sam Takes a Hand
in the Competitor
Case.
TO PREVENT EXECUTION
War Not Improbable Should
the Hasty Sentences Be
Carried Out.
PEOVISIONS OF THE TREATY.
An Article Requiring Counsel for the
Defense and the Attendance
of Witnesses.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 9.-It is
stated here that the enforcement of the
do:»th sentence on the men caught on the
filibuster schooner Competitor is liable to
bring about a crisis in the relations be
tween Spain and tne United States. It is
understood that this Government will not i
allow the execution to take place without
a vigorous protest.
Secretary Olney several days ago sent in
structions of no uncertain tone to Consul-
General Williams. These formed the
basis for the representations made by Wil
liams to the court-martial yesterday.
Every effort is being made to prevent the
execution of the sentence until this Gov
ernment can make a thorough investiga
tion on which to base its appeals or de
mands.
it is understood the friendly offices
which the State Department is exerting in
behalf of Owen Milton of Kansas, sen
tenced by court-martial to be shot in Cuba,
are limited to the complaint that the
verdict was reached in a summary man- I
ncr, without giving any opportunity for j
defense, and too hastily to examine into
all the circumstances of the cases. The
effort now being made at Madrid and
Havana is, therefore, to be in the line of
securing a delay of execution for a suffi
cient time to permit such an investigation
of the Competitor incident as is demanded
ill the interests of humanity.
It is not thought that any attempt will
be made to secure a civil trial for Milton
or any of his associates who may be found
to be bona-fide Americans.the treaty under
which such transfer of jurisdiction has
been hitherto made appearing to have no
bearing in the present instance. The first
article of the protocol between the United
States and Spain, signed January 12, 1877,
concerning judicial procedure, provides
as follows :
No citizen of the United States residing in
Spain, her adjacent islands or her ultra-marine
possessions, charged with acts of sedition,
treason or conspiracy against the institutions,
the public security, the Integrity of the terri
tory or against the supreme Government, or
any other crime whatsoever, shall be subject
to trial by any exceptional tribunal, but ex
clusively by the ordinary jurisdiction, except
in the case of being captured with arms in
hand.
Under this article many Americans resi
dent in Cuba the past year had their cases
i transferred to civil courts through the in
tervention of Consul-General Williams,
but there does not appear to be the slight
est ground for claiming Milton to be a
I "resident" of Cnba and the article cannot,
therefore, be made to apply to him.
The same protocol, however, which was
negotiated by Caleb Cushing, further pro
vides that those taken with arms in hand,
as excepted in the article quoted, shall be
tried by ordinary council of war, shall
have counsel to defend them and the right
to compel the attendance of witnesses.
This clause also relates only to residents.
DR. DELEGATION CLAIM.
On Hit Way to Washington to Interview
Seeretarv Olney.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 9.-A Herald
special from Washington says: Dr. Jose
Manuel Delgado, upon whom Spanish
soldiers committed an outrage on March 4
in Cuba, has filed a claim through Consul-
General Williams for $200,000 damages.
The claim is now being considered by the
State Department authorities, and as soon
as the Spanish Government makes apology
for the occurrence the department will
probably present the claim to its attention.
The claim is in part for personal injuries
inflicted on Dr. Delgado. According to
the investigation made by the State De
partment officers in Cuba, Dr. Delgado
was badly maltreated, and had it not been
for the prompt interference of General
Weyler, as a result of the protest of Con
sul-General Williams, he would probably
have been killed. As it was, his head was
cut by several sword blows, and he received
a bullet in his tbigb.
In addition, some of the men employed
on his estate were killed, and his property
was ruined, fiis father, also an American
citizen, and who as well has a claim
against the Spanish Government, was on
the estate at the time, and it was he who
advised Consul-General Williams of his
son's peril.
Dr. Delgado, the State Department offi
cials have been informed, left Cuba for the
United States, and he is expected to ap
pear before Secretary Olney and person
ally acquaint that official with the out
rages committed upon him and his family.
Mrs. Ellen Spencer Massey, who is look
ine out for the legal interests of Mr. Del
pado Sr., is also interested in the son's
case. She declares there is no doubt as to
the citizenship of the Delgados, both hav
ing been naturalized in New Yorfc and
having resided there.
— ♦
THE CONDEMNED TILDUNTERS.
Were Unarmed When Captured and Of
fered Jo Resistance.
MADRID, Spaix, May 9.— A cablegram
from Havana says that the filibusters cap
tured on the Competitor have been sen
tenced to death. They are: Alfredo La
borde of New Orleans, Owen Milton of
Kansas William Kinle, an Englishman,
and Elia.7 Bedia and Isador de la Maza,
Cubans.
The trial began at the Havana Arsenal
yesterday morning. The accused pleaded
uot guilty, and witnesses admitted tbat
when the men were captured they were
not armed, and offered no resistance. The
prosecuting officer demanded their con
viction and condemnation to death, and
United States Consul-General Williams
made a written protest against the trial.
Laborde sneaks fair English, is a nat
uralized American citizen and acted for
quite a time as Deputy Sheriff under Sher
iff Spencer of Tampa, Fla. He was in
command of the expedition.
The schooner Competitor was captured
by the Spanish gunboat Messagera near
Berracos, on the northern coast of the
province Pinar del Rio, the latter part of
April.
MILTON A CORRESPONDENT.
The Kansai Lnd Sentenced to Death Xot
a filibuster.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 9.— ln ref
erence to Milton, the Kansas boy con
demned to death by the Spaniards, the
following dispatch was sent to Secretary
of State Olney to-day : —
JACKSONVILLE, FLA., May 9.— Hon. Richard
Olmy, Secretary of State, Washington: Milton,
who was captured by the Spanish authorities
on board the Competitor and condemned to
death, left Key West as a newspaper corre
spondent, hoping to consummate plans for
furnishing reliable news to the correspondents
of the Florida Times-Union at Key West, who
in turn were to. transmit such reports by cable
to the Southern Associated Press "and the
United Press through the medium of this-pa
per. ... . -
He must have had with him at the time of
his capture credentials showiuK his connection
with the Times-Tnion as its duly authorized
representative. Such a letter was furnished
him by me.
I scud you this information to assist you in
your efforts in behalf ol young Milton.
T. T. Stockton,
. General Manager Florida Times-Union.
PROHIBITION FACTIONS,
There Will Be a Lively Time
at the Convention at
Pittsburg.
Sentiment Appears to Favor Joshua
Levering lor the Presidential
Nomination.
PIITSBURG, Pa., May 9.— lnterest in
the National gathering of Prohibitionists
in Pittsburg during the week of May 26 is
becoming more marked as tne time for the
convention approaches. That there will
be a lively time over the adoption of the
platform is indicated by the almost even
division of sentiment amone the various
State delegations elected, over the "broad"
and "narrow gauge" issue. The Prohi
bitionists are divided into two factions,
the one which favors free silver, protection
and other disputed policies, being distin
guished as "broad gauge."
The other faction, equally strong, favors
a narrow-gauge platform, which^compre
bends bat one thing — the indorsement of
prohibition. While it is uncertain, owing
to the size of the field of candidates for
the Presidential nomination, who will be
successful, sentiment appears to be grad
ually veering toward Joshua Levering of
Baltimore, a narrow-gauge man and one
of the prominent prohibition leaders of
the country. '-^
DON M. DICKINNUN'S HEPLF.
Explains That Offlce- Holder* Hid Not
Control the Convention*
DETROIT, Mich., May 9.-Hon. Don M.
Dickinson to-day gave out for publication
a reply to the charges made in the United
States Senate Thursday by Senator Vest
in regard to the control of the Michigan
State Democratic convention by office
holders. Mr. Dickinson says that Senator
Vest is in error in all of his state
ments about the Michigan convention,
as are the other Southern Senators
who have been making threats of
Senatorial investigation of the campaign
culminating in that convention. He as
serts that neither Chairman Stevenson nor
anybody else issued any circular to office
holders in connection with that conven
tion.
Office-holders favorable to the adminis
tration were outnumoered in both county
and State conventions by office-holders
with free silver proclivities. Mr. Dickin
son declared that the Chicago convention
will not favor the policy of free coinage at
the ratio of 16 to 1.
"SILK STOCKING" REPUBLICANS.
They Will Carry the Fight Against Fil
ley to the Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 9.— As a protest
against an arbitrary action of the Re
publican Central Committee at the city
convention two weeks ago, at which the
Keren s-Frank-Walbridge faction was ig
nored in the choice of delegates, a mass
meeting of "silk stocKing" Republicans
was beid at the courthouse at 1 o'clock
this afternoon. It was the intention of
the promoters to el*>ct delegates to the
State Convention at St. Joseph next Mon
day who would repudiate the dictation of
Btcfel Chairman Filley and contest the
seats of the recently elected delegates.
When the mass-meeting had assembled,
it was found that the Filleyites had
packed the meeting. There was a great
deal of disorder, but ex-Congressman
Frank finally read a list of eighteen dele
gates as named by the anti-Filleyites and
made a motion that they be declared the
"regular" delegates to the State Conven
tion. The motion was declared carried
pniid a howl of protests. Collector Zeigen
heim (Filleyite) then came to the front
with a speech, and the mob, in response to
his appeal, ratified the action of the city
convention two weeks ago. The con
test will be carried out on the floor of the
State convention.
SUrer Leads in lowa.
OTTUMWA, lowa, May 9.— Returns to
Secretary Walsh of the Democratic State
Central Committee to-day are to the effect
tbat thirteen out of fourteen county con
ventions instructed delegates for Boies and
free silver. At present a total of fifty-three
counties give silver 389 and sound money
105 delegates. The same counties last
year gave silver 248% and gold 315}<£ votes.
HUNDREDS MADE HOMELESS.
A Fire, Supposed to Have Been Started
by Strikers, Sweeps the Vil
lage of Lanse.
MARQUETTE, Mich., May 9.— The vil
lage of Lanse, on Keweenaw Bay, seventy
miles west of Marquette, narrowly escaped
destruction by flre, which started this
afternoon in the mill of the Lanse Lumber
Company. For several days the millhands
have been on strike, and it is believed
some hot-headed strikers applied the
torch to the mill. The mill was destroyed
and the high winds carried the flames into
the business center, where they were con
fined by hard work to six buildings. The
loss will approximate $600,000.
The fire destroyed the lumber docks and
three million feet of lumber belonging to
the Lanse Sawmill Company. Tho ore
docks were also burned Many residences
were also burned. So far as is known no
lives have been lost, but more than 250
persons are homeless.
FOUR LI VES WERE LOST.
.If en Perished During the Burning of
Milling Property.
ASHLAND, Wis., May 9.— Half a mil
lion dollars', worth of milling property
and lumber went up in smoke here to-day,
and four lives were lost. The Shores Lum
ber Company's mill, the largest on Che
quamegon Bay, is in ruins, and several
thousand feet of its lumber dock, which
contained about 19,000 feet of lumber, is
burned to the water's edge. The fire
started on W. R. Durfee's lumber docks.
It was not a very extensive loss of prop
erty, but it is reported at least four lives
were lost in heroic efforts to beat back the
flames. At 11:30, when the flames burst
from the lumber-piles into the sawmill, it
cut off retreat for several men who were at
the outer edge of the mili, fighting back
the flames. All the men succeeded in
reaching the tramways except one, John
Nolander, who was enveloped in a sheet
of flame, then, jumping from a spile into
the bay, was seen to drown by thousands
of people who lined the shore.
Three other men, whose names ar» un
known, also lost their lives. Three bodies
have been recovered.
J.os* Sixty Thousand.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 9.— The five
story brick building on Evans street, near
Eighth, occupied by the United .States
Bung Manufacturing Company, was gut
ted by fire this morning. Loss $00,000,
partially insured.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JOLLY KING COLE
RULES SAN JOSE.
Maskers Capture the City
of Flowers and Fair
Maidens.
A PAGEANT OF FREAKS.
Eccentric Subjects March to the
Fanfare of Horns and
Cowbells.
ALL MINGLE IN A DANCE.
Old Sol Brightens the Eastern Skies
Before the Revelry Is Brought
to a Close.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 9.— 01 d King
Cole, the jolly old soul, came into posses
sion to-night with a steam-beer smile and
stage strut, and much royal purple, and
fiddles three, and a dragon, and a long
and wonderful retinue, and a clatter and
crash of the populace, accomplished by
means of many bells, not one of which
jangled in tune, and tin -horns and a thou
sand strange devices for splitting into
jagged fragments all tho atmosphere of
San Jose. Truly Old King Cole made a
wild night of it, and if there be one of his
subjects to-morrow who may not boast of
a remarkable headache it will be because
he has overdone the thing and is dead.
Queen Lillian pave over peacefully, for
her mission was simply merry-making and
a display of the beauty of her realm. At
the approach of riot she fled.
All day tne minions of the King gath
ered and increased in the streets, hidden
behind masks and cloaks, and when the
sun went down and before the lights were
lit they came in crowds out of every
shadow in the street. San Jose has not
seen the like before. The city is crowded
to-night beyond any previous experience,
and it was only with the greatest diffi
culty that people made progress through
the streets in the early part of the even
ing, while awaiting the coming of the
merry monarch and his army. The riot
ous and noisy subjects held possession of
the middle of the road supposed to be re
served for him. With his approach they
fell back and with their frightful crash of
horns and bells made way for him.
The King was late. He gave his people
i notice that he would come among them at
7 in the evening, but it is understood that
he stopped outside the gates to take an
other bumper with a few friends and for
got his date. At any rate, it was running
on past 9 o'clock when his Majesty swag
j gered into First street.
Throughout the whole day there had
been plotting and counter plotting in and
out of the royal family. There was even a
scheme to kidnap his Majesty and hid©
him away from his people in the midst of
his brief reign. But the King heard of it
and the plotters were placated with posi
tions in the cabinet. The tardiness of
the King made his people very nervous, in
view of the rumors that everybody had
heard, and they blew their horns and
jangled their cow bells more discordantly
as the time passed.
However, he came in great glory with
his trolley on, supplying light to a bower
of incandescent lamps in which he sat.
On the moving throne with him were his
fiddlers three and those members of the
royal family who are always supposed to
"keep next" to kings.
The line of march began at the Hotel
Vendome, moved down First street to
NEW TO -DA IT.
Women Aim Women Onit are most com-
petent to fully appreciate the purity, sweet-
ness, and delicacy of Cuticura Soap, and
to discover new uses for it daily. To cleanse,
purify, and beautify the skin, to allay itch-
ing and irritation, to heal chafings, excoria-
. lions, and nlcerative weaknesses, nothing so
pure, so sweet, so speedily effective as warm
baths with Cuticura Soap, followed, when
necessary, by mild applications of Ccticutu.
(ointment), the great skin care. .
Sold throughout the world. Price. CimcußA, 50c.|
Soap. 25c.; Resoltb.vt, soc., and 11. Pottkb
Ann CitKM. Corf., Sole Proprietor*, Boston.
&3~" How to Produce Luxuriant Hair," mailed free.
rauss
|| aeo'i ■
COPPER RIVETED
AND
MM BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!!
fOR SALE EVERYWHERE.2
Santa Clara, thence to Second, to San An
tonio, to First, to Santa Clara, to Convent,
and there the King and the royal family
reviewed the procession. Even alter the
procession pot under way there was con
siderable difficulty for he several times got
otf his trolley and delays followed. The
imperial dragon raged among the Crowd
and frightened the children and altogether
the coming of King Cole was all that it
was cracked up to be.
The street parade was composed as fol
lows:
First division— Marshal, Dr. McGraw; aids,
T. McTieman and C. A. Armstrong; flying ar
tillery. F. Dunham commanding; calcium
chariot, Bilins Montgonerici, band, acrobats,
Turners, float, Kink's household, royal chariot,
Chinese actors, float, imperial dragon. Com
pany B, escort extraordinary and fiery lancers
to the dragon.
Second division — Grand marshal. Frank Per
kins; aids, tieorge L. Rogers and Noble Nixon,
A. D. K. A. I>. X., Klan 4-11-41. N. P. Cavalry.
Third divi-ioti— Marshal, Thomas McGeogh*
fan; aid-, James Moynagh, Martin Murphy.
[eiiry Sinjjieton. L. S. Cavallero, Natives of
Western Gold, Uniform Rank Italian Huzzuhs.
Fourth division— Newton Juckson, grand
marshal; aids, John Lovell, Will Bttpbens.
Joseph Menton, Judge Harrington; officers of
Paris spasmodic spurters, .Santa Clara Stan
ford float, Stanford vs. Berkeley Bicycle clubs.
Fifth division— F. Bohlman, grand marshal;
■ids, Fred Sauiord, A. !«, Saee, George Taylor,
John Francis Jr., George S. Wall, A. K. Denike,
A. O. Kaufman, W. L. McGnire, A. C. Cownick;
evergreen fairies, Milpltas ermines, Alviso
clams. Saratoga prunes and diversified fruits
of labor, Mountain View kranks, Palo Alto
digressions, Mayfield supporters of King Cole,
New Almaden tallow dips, Berryessa Sweet
Pea Club, citizens, police, foreigners in the
kingdom.
After the review by the King bis Majesty
and his family and his electric chariot
moved on to the pavilion. The calcium
Triumphal Arch Across Santa Clara Avenue, San Jose. The Entire Face of This Structure Is Covered
With Beautiful and Fragrant Rcses.
light illuminating the scales of the dragon
went out and the Chinamen refused to
move until it was relighted, and such a
long pause took place in the street that it
was within less Than an hour of midnight
before the King arrived at the pavilion.
A throng had already gathered there and
dancing had begun. His Majesty com
posed himself on his throne with his pipe
in his mouth and the people grew still
while his minister published his for
mal salutation, wishing them well and
bidding them go forward and have fun.
No sooner had he done so than a mob of
plotters against the throne, led by "Jim"
Rea, in the name of the order of American
Freemen rushed upon the stage and with
drawn swords demanded a series of re
markable reforms and concessions to peo
ple. The chief councilor of the American
Freemen, John E. Richards, presented the
matter formally by petition, as follows:
The demand of the chief of the Order of
American Freemen and hia loyal followers
upon hie Majesty, "Old King Cole," and the
royal family:
First— We demand an investigation Into the
financial and the domestic affairs of the king
dom, and especially oi the royal household.
Second— We demand that the following
treasonable and peace-disturbing members of
the royal family, to wit: Howell C. Moore, S
N. Rucker, H. H. Main, C. W. Williams and
Franklin Hitchborn, be led to immediate exe
cution without benefit of clergy in the pres
ence of the assembled multitude, and that
their bodies be suspended from the rafters of
the royal palace, there lo remain as a terrible
example to like evil-doers so long as the king
dom shall endure.
Th rd— We demand a royal edict establish
ing the Order of American Freemen among
the permanent institutions of the kingdom,
and conferring upon James W. Rea the per
i>etual office oi commander-in-chieX of the
order, with absolute power over its members,
Including the right to recruit its membership
by draft or conscription during political cam
paigns.
Fourth— We demand a decree ordaining that
every other order and particularly the A. P. A.
and the x. M. I. shall surrender their charters,
and that the members of such orders shall
take an immediate oath of allegiance to the
commandtr-in-chief ol the Order of American
Freemen.
Fifth— We demand that hereafter no corpo
ration, society., church or newspaper shall
have the right to do business within the royal
domain without first obtaining a license to do
so from the commander-in-cQief of the Order
of American Freemen.
Sixth— We demand the promulgation of a
permanent sentence oi outlawry against all
Silurians, croakers, cranks and bigots, within
the royal domain. and that in the commander
in-chief of the Order of American Freemen
shall be reposed the power to determine who
belongs to the above category, and thereupon
to offer a suitable reward for their immediate
delivery to the lord high executioner of the
kingdom for such punishment as will fit the
Crime.
Seventh— We demand an unlimited credit in
the royal treasury, to be drawn upon by the
commander-in-chief of the Order of American
Freemen whenever In his Judgment it may be
necessary for the good ol the oraer.
The King in reply indignantly denied
the several demands for an invest igatsion
and also the surrender of the four members
of the royal family, but compromised on
Franklin Hitchborn whom, he said, he
would surrender, and the petitioners
might do with him as they would. The
Freemen accepted this as satisfactory and
while they cried "Long live King Cole!"
the curtain rolled down amid the plaudits
of the people.
The dance of the merry maskers was re
sumed, and such is the gpirit of carnival
abroad that it is likely to continue long
into the early hours of Sunday morning.
The king and the royal family sallied out
upon the floor among the people and were
good fellows all.
The following compose the royal family :
Paul P. Austin, Lord High Chancellor;
Dave T. Brvant, Lord High Treasurer;
*. J. Brandon, Lord High Constable; Wil
liam A. Bowden. Lord High Afornev-
9 e "f r ra T1;T 1; S \ K - Ayer, Lord Hi«h Admiral;
o-. ' i ngaisbee « LorcJ Hi B'' Master of the
Silent House; C. A. Barker, Duke of San
tee; Koch yon Valentine, Burgomaster;
A. I. Herrman, Burger of Rotter
dam, Amsterdam and Sch'edam; Ralph
\\. Horsey, Master <.i Robes in
the Morning; Fred rick W. Moore
Duke of Catalina and Master of the Buck
hounds; E. Scholder, Duke of Strups and
Keeper of Robes in the Evening; Charles
W. Fay, High Lord Inspector of the Pave-
William Merr. Knight of the Mudherl
Feathers; A. C. Kuhn, Marquis of Prunes-
D. W. Burchard, Duke of Missouri; C. A.
Ogier, Duke of Alviso; E.E. Lynde, Royal
Armorer; George E. Rea, Captain of the
Janissaries; Mitchell Phillips, Li Hung
Chang in disguise (alias Ah Mitch): Sam
and jTLm, the heavenly twinlets; J. H.
Henry, Grand Duke of the Alameda and
High Lord of the Palace.
AT THE CYCLING PARK.
Eight Thousand People See Some
bxciting Races.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 9.— Eight thou
sand people passed through the gates at
the Garden City Cyclers' track to-day, and
about 1000 small boys crawled under or
over the fences to witness the National
circuit bicycle races; and they were well
repaid for their trouble, for the meet was
one of the best ever held in thil State.
The races were all fast and exciting, and
the high class of the men who rode made
the events doubly interesting. In the pro
fessional events this was particularly true,
for such cracks as Wells, Coulter, Long,
Terrill, Jones, Edwards, Osen, McFarland,
and a dozen others of equal ability as
racers, were brought together, and their
finishes of the races were fast and desper
ate.
The audience was made up largely of
ladies. They outnumbered the men five
to one, and their bright faces and cos
tumes made the grand stand a very pretty
sight. The inside of the tracK was lined
witn carriages and the immense crowd oc
cupied every place of vantage obtainable.
There was one thine that regular race-
meet goers noticed, and that was tne ab
sence of Announcer Knapp, without whom
no race meeting Stems complete. He was
present, but did not officiate in his usual
capacity, owing to his indisposition from
some throat trouble. Mr. Tompkins of
San Jose took his place and Knapp stayed
around the press stand and helped "Jim
my" Joyce and ''Bob" Lennie make things
pleasant for the press and the judges.
The races were scheduled for 1:30, but it
was 2 o'clock before they started. Mean
while Roncovieri's band discoursed popu
lar airs, and no one minded the delay.
There were several falls during the
races, but aside from a few bruises no one
was hurt. Wells, Jones and Foster went
down in a heap in one event, but fortu
nately escaped injury.
The sport commenced with a one-mile
novice race in five beats and a final. The
winners of the heats and second in the
fastest heat, who qualified for the final,
were I. L. Rider, R. Shearman and P. M.
Curtis, Garden City; W. W. Fairar, Gil
roy. and W. F. Armstrong and D. E. Fran
cis unattached. The race was won by the
three Garden City men in one, two, three
order, Curtis, Ryder and Shearman finish
ing in front. The time was. 2:37 2-5.
The Btart of the two-thirds mile scratch,
professional, awakened considerable en
thusiasm in tne audience, and as the
various men came on the track they were
loudly applauded. The race was divided
into three heats, eight starters in each. In
the first heat the line-up was: Byrne, Im
perial; Wilbur Edwards, Garden City;
Jones and Davis, Olympic; Pickard,
Acme; Terrill and Hatton, Bay City.
Edwards set the pace the first lap, and
Hatton the second. In the sprint for
home Edwards drew away from the
bunch, winning by about five yards.
Jones, Byrne and Terrill followed in the
order named. The time was 1 :30 4-5.
In the second heat were: Coulter,
Olympic; Wells and Long:, Bay City;
Parker and Evans, Michigan- Osen,
Olympic, and Stayer, Portland. The pace
was not as speedy as the first heat. Long
fell at the end of the first lap, but was not
hurt. He claimed a loul and it was al
lowed, thus placing him in the final.
Coulter and Wells fought it out at the
tape, finishing in tnat order. Time,
1:38 1-5; Osen was third.
The thira heat brought out Campbell,
Cushine and Dow, Garden City; Foster
and J. E. Edwards. Olympic; McFarland,
San Jose; McCrea, Bay City, and Winsett
of Washington. The pace was hot and
the finish very exciting. Five of the men
finished almost abreast, and it took the
judges some time to make their decision.
The heat was given to Campbell, Foster
second. Time. 1 :36 3-5. McCrea and Mc-
Farland were right on top of them, inches
behind.
This brought into the final heat some of
the crack professionals of the world, and
as speedy an aggregation as ever faced a
starter's pistol. The line-up from the tape
was Edwards, Campbell, Coulter, Foster
Jones, Wells and Long.
Oscar Osen was put in to pace the race
thus insuring fast time. At the start Osen
jumped out and the rest sprinted after
him, Edwards being the first to tack on.
Round the track they flew at a killing
pace, and before they had gone a half
lap Jones fell, brineing down Foster and
Wells with him. The fall was caused by
Campbell, who was excited and rode
wildly. The others kept on, and on the
last turn Edwards jumped the pacemaker
and won by a few inches, Coulter being a
close second. The time was 1:28 3-5. It
was a pretty race, anl but for the unfortu
nate fall, which threw three good men out
of it, would have been more interesting.
The two-thirds mile handicap amateur
was run in four heats, first and second in
each heat and lastest third competing in
final. There were a dozen starters in each
heat, with handicaps varying from noth
ing to ninety-five yards. J. E. Willouphbv
of Watsonville won the first heat from
forty yards' handicap in 1:M 1-5. Down
ing. Garden City, made a good ride from
scratch and finished second, and A. J.
Clark of Mountain View was third. Motti
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
Reliance; Delmas, Garden City, and Car
rol), San Jose, finished almost abreast in
the second heat, and the judges decided it
in that order. Mott's time was 1:26 4-5
from twenty-five yards.
The next heat was also largely in favor
of the Reliance Club. Gooch won it from
60 yards, in 1:24 1-5; Sherman, Los Gatos,
second, 60 yards; Yeoman, Reliance, third,
from 25 yards.
The fourth heat went to the San Jose
Road Club, Harden brook, 40 yards, and
Wing, 60 yards, taking first and second
respectively, in 1:23 2-5. The Reliance
Club, not to be denied, took third by Bates,
from 20 yards.
The final was a pretty ride, and the
bunch seemed to cross the tape almost
abreast. The judges gave the race to
Wing. Hardenbrook second. Downing
third. Wing's time was 1:26 2-5 from 60
yards.
The mile handicap, professional, was
probably the best event of the day. There
were twenty-two crack "pro« r> entered,
and the race was run in two heats, the
first four in each heat and fifth in the
fastest heat qualifying for the final. In
tue first h at there were Foster and Wells,
scratcli; McFarland, 30 yards; J. E. Ed
wards, 40; Long and Osen, 4s; Hatton, 50;
Jones. 55; Evans, 65; Dow, 75, and Parker,
80 yarde.
It took the scratch men two laps to
catch the bunch, the pace was so fast, and
they were then too tired to enter the final
sprint. Osen won in 2:11 2-5. McFtirland,
Edwards, Dow and Evans following in the
order named, close up, all qualifying for
the final.
The starters in the second heat were:
Coulter, scratch. McCrea. 20 yards, Camp
bell 40. Terrell 55, Davis, Scheiski and
Winsett 60, Stayer 65, Cushing 75, and
Byrne 85. Wilbur Edwards was also
entered, but did not start as he wished to
save himself for a trial against time later,
paced by a sextuplet.
Coulter caught the limit men on the first
lap and had it easy the rest of the way.
He was unable to sprint at the finish.
however, and finished back with the ruck.
Schefski won from sixty yardstin 2:16 3-5.
The order following him was Winsett,
Stayer, Davis and Cashing.
This brought into the final: Osen, Mc-
Farland, J. Edwards, Dow, Evans, Schef
eki, "Winßett, Stayer and Davis, all on
handicap marks. None of the scratch
men had qualified in their heats, and this
left McFarland the virtual scratch man
on the thirty-yard mark.
The pace was hot from the Btart. Osen
fell on the first lap, but was unhurt.
Schefski had the same experience on the
second. Coming down the stretch Mc-
Farland had the lead and kept it winning
in 2:20 2-5, J. E. Edwards was second.
Winsett third.
The last race of the day was a one-mile
scratch amateur event, in three heats and
a final, first in each heat and fastest second
to qualify. The starters in the first heat
were: Metcalf, Imperial; Belloli, San
Jose; Bates and Yeoman, Reliance; Wil
loughby, Pajaro, and Delmas, Garden
City. It wasa close finish between Delmas
Willougbby and Belloli, and they were
placed In that order. Time, 2:27.
In the second beat were: R. Shearman
and 11. Downing, Garden City; G. Fuller
Olympic; J. J. Carroll, San Jose, and C.
D. Gooch, Reliance. Downing was easily
the best man in the heat and won by
yards ip 2:37 2-5. Fuller was second.,
Shearman third.
Freeman, Bay City; Mott and Boyden,
Reliance; Crafts. Acme, and Wing, San
Jose, rode the third heat. Mott, who is a
plucky little rider and very popular with
the audience at race meets, won by a bare
margin from Crafts in 2:40 1-5.
The final was paced by G. Hardenbrook
and J. C. Smith, of the Garden City
Cyclers, on a tandem. The pace of the
tandem was too fast for the riders, and it
soon drew away from them. The men
rode it out unpaced, Downing winning in
2:24 4-5, Mott second, Delmas third.
The following is the summary:
One mile, novice— First heat, I. L. Ryder,
Garden City, first; C. F. Orra, Acme, second
Time, 2:45 1-5.
Second heat— D. E. Francis.unattacbed, first:
W. W. Fairar, Gilroy, second. Time, 2:29.
Third heat— P. Armstrong, unattached
first; Fred Smith, San Jose, second. Time, 2:50
Fourth heat— R. Shearman.Garden City, first •
A. D. Wurtenbereer, second. Time, 2:46.
Fifth heat— p. M. Curtis, Garden City, first-
Roy Eaton, Pajaro, second. Time, 2:35 1-5. '
Final heat— P. M. Curtis. Garden City, first;
I. L. Ryder, Garden City, second. Time,
«■ '. .> t 2-5.
Two-thirds of a mile, scratch, professional—
First heat, W. J. Edwards, Garden City, first;
A. N. Jones, Olympic, second. Time, 1:30 4-5
Second heat— C. R. Coulter, Olympic, first-
C. S. Wells, Bay City, seoond. Time, 1:38 1-5
Third heat— M. Campbell, Spokane, first-
W. F. Foster, Olympic, Recond. Time, 1:30 3-5
Final heat— W. J. Edwards, Gardeu City,
first: C. D. Coulter, Olympic, second. Time,
1:28 3-5.
Two-thirds of a mile, handicap, amateur-
First heat, J. E. Willougnby, Watsonville,
first, 40 yards; H. Downing. Garden City, sec
ond, scratch. Time, 1:26 1-5.
Second heat— P. R. Mott, Reliance, first, 25
yards; Tony DelmHS, Garden City, second,
scratch. Time, 1:26 4-5.
Third heat— C. D. Gooch, Reliance, first, 60
yards; R. Sherman, second, 60 yards. ] Time,
1 '-—4 1-5. ■
Fourth heat— G. Hardenbrook, San Jose, first
40 yards; J. E. Wine, San Jose, second, 00
yards. Time, 1:28 2-5.
Filial heat— J. E. Win*, San Jose, first, 60
yards; G. Hardenbrook, Garden City, second
40 yards. Time, 1:26 2-5.
One-mile scratch, amateur, first heat—
Delmas, Garden City, first; J. E. Willoughbv
Pajaro, second. Time, 2:28.
Second heat— H. Downing, Garden City, first;
G. P. Fuller, Olympic, second. Time, 2:37 2-5.
Third heat— P. R. Mott, Reliance, first: G. H.
Crafts, Acme, second. Time, 2:40 1-5.
Final heat— H. Downing, Garden City, first;
P. R. Mott, Reliance, second. Time, 2:24 4-5.
SMile handicap, professional— First heat, Oscar
Osen. Olympic, first. 45 yards; McFarland,
Ban Jose, 30 yards, second; Edwards, Olympic,
40 yards, third; Dow, Garden City, 75 yards
fourth; Evans, Detroit, 65 yards, filth; time
2:11 2-5. - > * . '
Second heat— F. E. Bche/«ki, Salt Lake, first
60 yards; Winsett. Olympia, second, 60;
Stayer, Portland, third. 65; Davis, Olympic
fourth, 60. Time. 2:16 3-5. ' v '
Final heat— A. ilcFarland, Saa Jose, first,
30 yards; J. E. Edwards, Olympic, second; Eli
Winsett, Olympia, third. Time, 2 :20 2-5.
The officials who conducted the meet
were :
Director of the day— H. M. N. Spring, G. C. C.
Referee— Al G. Col, 6. C. C.
Judges— Osen, G. C. C. ; George H.
Strong, R. a. C; S. G. Tompkins, G. C. C; R.
McFarland, S. J. R. C ; Dr. A. G. Bennett, E. C.
Timers— C. E. Warren, S. J. R. C. ; W. H. Ker
rigan, B. C. W.; V A. Dodd, A. C; Dr. Nash,
G. C. C. ; J. C. Travis. G. C. C; F. Machefert,
G. C. C. ; G. H. Stratlon, O. C. W. ; J. A. Delmas,
G. C. C.
Starter— James W. Coffroth, O. C; Joseph A.
Jury, G. C. C, assistant.
Clerk— William Lipsett, G. C. C.~Asslstant
clerks, R. j. Butler, G. C. C.; J. H.
Ironsides, G. c C; Al Hubbard, G.
C. C. Scorer, E. Williston, G. C. C; F. E.
Mannell, G. C. C, assistant. Physician, W. W.
Yeargain. G. C. C. Umpires, 'M. M. Alvarez, G.
C. C., T. Thurber, Un.; J. Wandra, G. W. C. ; L.
E. Whiting, G. C. C. Announcer, 8. G. Tomp
kins, G. C. C.
At the conclusion of the races, Wilbur
J. Edwards of the Garden City Cyclers
rode an exhibition mile, paced by the.
Steams ■ sextuplet manned by Dow.
Captain Winsett, Stayer. Hatton, Pickard
and Parker.
After riding twice around the track the
word was given and away the big machine
went, with Edwards snugly tacked on be
hind. The first third was ridden In :35
and the two-thirds in 1:14. At this point
something happened to Edwards' machine
and he was compelled to make another
trial. After a short rest the second at
tempt was made, but at a much slower
pace, the mile being ridden in 2:03.
_
SANTA CLARA FIRST.
Award* for Feature* in the Carnival
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 9.— The carnival
committee of awards has awarded the first
prize for decorated booths to Santa Clara,
the second to Mountain View and Berry
essa was given the third.
The Santa Clara booth, the winner
of the first prize, was prettily dec
orated with flowers and evergreens. A
fountain with running water stood in one
corner and artistic summer-hourfe in the
other. Numerous eiectric lights added a
brilliancy to the scene. The Mountain
View booth had a floral Ferris wheel, with
the framework trimmed with smilax.
Baskets filled with roses took the place of
cars. The Berryessa booth was a charm
ing and astistic reproduction of the falls
at Alum Rock. The Madrone booth, with
its splendid collection of wild flowers, was
given a special mention.
Mrs. Farthing was awarded the first
prize for the twelve best varieties of carna
tions exhibited in the Santa Clara County
Floral Society booth, and Mrs. W. D. Ali
son secured the second prize.
CHICO'S MAN FESTIVAL.
All Butte County Celebrates at Queen
Clara* Capital.
CHICO, Cal., May 9.— The Mayday cele
bration, postponed to to-day because of a
storm on May 1, was held to-aay. Since
early morning the streets have been
crowded. From lowlands and mountains
have come the roisterers. Hundreds of
little tots, dressed in all the colors ot the
rainbow, happy in the possession of pop
corn and candy, added life to the throng.
Merchants and business men — in fact all
the people of this pretty town — have had
but one thought, and that was to make
this day the most enjoyable to the people
of the surrounding country. The stores
and banks were decorated in brilliant col
ors of red, white and blue. The celebra
tion owes its success to the able manage
ment of the executive committee, com
posed of the leading merchants and busi
ness men.
The parade was the most imposing one
that has been seen here in many years.
The marshal of the day, O. L. Clark, with
his gayly decorated steed, and the fine
looking young men who acted as his aids,
were admired by the youne ladies. The
military and the firemen made a fine ap
pearance. - f
The central attractions in the grand pa- !
rade were the hadso-uie Queen of May, Miss
Clara Cussick, and her lovely maids of
honor, Miss Frieda Junkans and Miss Bes
sie Collins. The queen was dressed in
cream brocaded satin, fnll circular skirt.
wai6t cut with square neck, Medici collar
trimmed with pearl lace, elbow sleeves,
empire bournos puff edged, with pearl
passimenterie beads, and gloves of white
silk.
BODIS SLOWER SHOW.
Xative Daughter* Entertain Uuestt From
Surrounding Citie*.
LODI, Cal., May 9.— The Native Daugh
ters of Lodi gave their floral festival last
night, and it was repeated this even
ing with much success. The decorations
throughout the building in which the af
fair was held were characterized by a pro
fusion of beautiful flowers and streaming
greenery. Ivy Parlor is the name of the
Lodi society of Native Daughters, and the
pretty vine after which the parlor was
christened was given prominence in the
ornamentation.
Delegations attended from Stockton,
from Acampo, New Hope, San Andreas,
Lockeford and all the surrounding towns.
The Stockton parlor of .Native Daughters
sent a quantity of flowers to aid their sis
ters of the watermelon center. The vari
ous booth were beautifully decorated, calls
lilies playing a prominent part in the
signs above the booths calling attention to
the wares the pretty girls of Lodi were
vending. During the evening a pro
gramme of music and sone was rendered
for the benefit of the hundreds who
thronged the pavilion.
Twenty-two of the Native Daughters of
Stockton, with many of their friends, at
tended the fiesta in a body to-night. After
tne programme had been concluded danc
ing was indulged in until a late hour. The
local Native Daughters are much pleased
over the success of their venture, but the
guests who attended the floral display last
night and to-night are still more so.
♦
RESWOODS JUVENILE CARNIVAL.
Children Crown a Queen and Conduct a
Parade.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 9.— A juve
nile carnival at Kenwood, in Loa Guilicos
Vailey, was the novel entertainment
offered by the school children of that dis
trict to-day. It was given under the
auspices of the Little Mite Society of Ken
wood.
Every feature was strictly up to date,
even the election of a queen by ballot.
Miss Dora Anderson, a pretty little miss
not yet in her teens, having received over
1000 votes, each of which cost the voter a
nickel, was crowned with a wreath in the
Pillion at the springs to-day.
There was a grand parade of decorated
carnages from the Kenwood church to
the springs, and after the coronation cere
monies were over, the Mayday custom of
a dance around the many-colored May
pole amused the little ones. A basket
picnic ended the caruival, the most enjoy
able of all the Sonoma County flower
shows.
Oliver Ante* at Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr., May 9.— Oliver Ames,
director and stockholder in the Union Pa
cihc, arrived here from Boston, accompa
nied by other parties interestea in the road.
In conversation with a representative of
the United Press he said: 'There is no
question about the Oregon Short Line
and Utah Northern becoming separate
from the Union Pacific system, but it will
make but little change, I hope. I believe
that the Union Pacific will virtually con
trol the road. I think that the general
manager will oe Mr. Bancroft, at present
the general superintendent of the mountain
division of the Union Pacific. He is the
most desirable man, I believe, to all par
ties."
Shepard for t'otttnaater.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 9.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
folio wins nomination for Postmaster: W.
A. Bhepard, Auburn, Cal.
WHITE'S FIGHT
FOR SUN PEDRO,
Its Natural Advantages as
a Deep-Sea Harbor
Explained.
PRACTICAL MEN QUOTED
''In Every Way Santa Monica's
Superior," Says the Cali
fornia Senator.
WILL SUBMIT TO A TRIBUNAL.
A Competent anl Impartial Board, to
Be Selected by Congress, Is
Suggested.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 9.-The
greater part of to-day's session of the
Senate was occupied by White of Cali
fornia in setting out the advantages pos
sessed by San Pedro over Santa Monica
for a deep water harbor on the coast of
Southern California. His argument is to
be answered on Monday by Frye of Maine
as chairman of the Committee on Com
merce, which has incorporated in the river
and harbor bill a large appropriation for
Santa Monica.
It has been suggested, White said,
that through an esprit de corps the
second board of army engineers had co
incided with the first, and therefore he
and his colleague had prepared the
amendment which he had proposed— to
let the appropriation be made and to refer
the determination of the issue between the
two points to an admittedly impartial
tribunal— a tribunal created under some
regulations prescribed by Congress. He
was not committed irrevocably to the plan
proposed in his amendment.
He only wished a board composed of
persons of intelligence, of capacity, and
without partiality— a board to which both
sides could look with confidence and on
whose judgment and impartiality men de
sirous of doing right would be wining to
rely. But the friends of the other side, he
said, declined to accept that offer because
they knew that no impartial and compe
tent tribunal would decide in their favor.
They boldly and without excuse proposed
to overturn and cast aside those to whose
recommendations they should at least
award decent consideration and to ratify
and carry out the engagements made by
the employes of Mr. Huntington with
him, and enable them to go before him
and to offer at bis feet the great winnings
which they had made from the Govern
ment of the United States.
White read from the report of the hear
ings before the Committee on Commerce a
synopsis of the affidavits made by captains
of vessels, going to show that the natural
advantages of San Pedro were in every
way superior to those of Santa Monica,
particularly as to the character of anchor
age. These affidavits, White said, were
made by practical men, not by theorists —
men who had cast their anchors in that
roadstead and who knew what they were
talking about. White also quoted from
the Craighill report, showing points of
vantage possessed by San Pedro beyond
those of Sauta Monica.
The town of Santa Monica he described
as a very delightful bathing-place, fre
quented by thousands of people, and he
said that a considerable number of rail
road tracks between the sea line and the
bluff, where there is now one track owned
by the Southern Pacific Company, would
be absolutely destructive to the place so far
as its present uses are concerned.
White also quoted from statements of
Colonel Haines and Major Raymond of
the engineer corps, unfavorable to Santa
Monica, and said: "We are here, I pre
sume, to enact a law providing for an ap
propriation to be expended for some useful
purpose, and under conditions where suc
cess would be reasonably assured. We
are not here for experiments."
On the other side of the question, White
had read by the clerk a long extract from
the report of Lieutenant H. C. Taylor of
the United States navy in favor of Santa
Monica, but White's comment upon it was
that there was an air of partisanship
about it.
The opposite view from Lieutenant Tay
lor was taken by Professor Davidson of the
United States Coast Survey, and he had
an extract from Professor Davidson's re
port read, saying that it was very valuable
from an expert point of view.
At the close of White's speech Frye (R.)
of Maine, chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, said that he was expected to
present alone the side of the committee,
but he deemed it fair, as other Senators
were to speak on the same side as White,
that he (Frye) should have the close.
Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas favored San
Pedro. He read the conclusions of the
Mendell board, to the effect that San
Pedro was the best place for the deep
water harbor, and the indorsement of its
report by General Casey, who transmitted
it to the Senate in January. 1893. He
thought it the duty of Congress, if it fol
lowed any advice, to follow the advice of
the two boards of army officers especially
appointed to examine the question.
At this point Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada
suggested that as the Senate was very
thin, and as the chairman of the Commit
tee on Commerce, Frye, desired to make
his reply to a fuli Senate, the bill go over
till Monday, and that suggestion was
agreed with.
The Senate then proceeded to the con
sideration of unobjected bills. Among
those passed were the following: Senate
bills concerning the weight of evidence in
pension claims, providing that the testi
mony of a private or non-commissioned
officer shall not have less weight than that
of a commissioned officer; providing that
the absence of an honorable discharge
shall not debar a man from a pennon, pro
vided there is no charge of desertion
against him; to lease to the city of Bis
marck, N. Dak., S bley Island, in the Mis
souri River, for pudic purposes; to vacate
Sugarloaf reservoir site, in Colo
rado and to restore the lands therein
to entry at $2 50 per acre; extending the
time within which the University of
Utah shall occupy lands heretofore
granted to it; appropriating $10,000 for a
statue or Commodore John D. Sloat in
Monterey, Cal.; prohibiting physicians
from giving informa^on confidential in
its nature in regard to patients; appro
priating $300,000 for a Dublic building at
Butte City, Mont.
A bill for the construction of a cable and
telegraph line from the United States to
Siberia, Japan and the Hawaiian Islands
and to guarantee interest on the bonds
was Introduced by Wilson (R.) of Wash
ington and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
A joint resolution, authorizing the em
ployment of counsel for the purpose of
bringing suits against the directors and
stockholders of the Union and Central Pa
cific Railroad Companies, was offered by
Pettigrew (R.) of South Dakota, and laid
on the table for the present, Pettiprew
stating that he desired to address the Sen
ate on the subject.
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada asked and
obtained leave to have printed in the
Record, as part of his remarks, a paper en
titled, "A National Platform for the
American Independents of 1896," proposed
by William P. St. John, president of the
Mercantile National Bank of New York.
"For which party is it intended?"
Mitchell (R.) of Orejron asked.
"For some independent party," was
Stewart's reply.
Morrill (R.) o f Vermont, chairman of
the Finance Committee, offered a resolu
tion, which was referred to the Committee
on Contingent Expenses, authorizing the
Finance Committee to refer the "bond in
vestigation" to a sub-committee.
Dubois (R.) of Idaho introduced »nd
asked immediate consideration for a joint
resolution providing that no bonds shall
be issued under any existin-r law until the
President shall have communicated to
Congress in a message the facts showing
the necessity for such issue of bonds and
the amount required for such purpose,
and until Congress shall by law have
authorized such bonds to be paid.
Tne joint resolution was laid on the
table for the present, and at 5 o'clock the
Senate adjourned until Monday.
The Hquse was not in session to-day.
A MILL ION IN SMOKE.
An Item That Ha* Annoyed the Treatury
Canhter for litany Year*.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 9.— A Sun spe
cial from Washington says: The books of
the United States Treasury carry an item
of 11,000,000 which represents United States
notes which are supposed to have been
consumed in the great Chicago fire twenty
five years ago. It is known that there was
$1,000,000 of currency, more or less, in the
vaults of the sub-treasury then, and that
none of it was recovered, but the denomi
nations of these notes and the exact
amount are unknown, as the books of the
cashier were consumed also.
There could not have been, however,
very many dollars less or very marry dol
lars more than one million, and it would
simplify the accounts of the treasury and
save a treat deal or labor to the bookkeep
ers if Congress should pass a bill or reso
lution recognizine the fact that this money
Is no longer in existence, for every day
when the cashier in the treasury balances
his accounts be has to include this item,
deducting it or adding it as the case may
be fora the amount in hand. It appear?
upon every daily, weekly, monthly and
yearly statement of the assets and liability
of the Government as "unknown destroyed
United States notes, $1,000,000."
To Amend the Late.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 9.-In the
Senate to-day Mr. Peffej (Pop.) of Kansas
introduced a bill to aftiend the internal
revenue law so as to provide that the pay
ment of any tax imposed by the United
States revenue laws for carrying on any
business shall not exempt "any person
from any penalty provided oy the laws of
any State for carrying on the same within
such State, or to authorize such business
contrary to the laws of such State, or in
any place prohibited by municipal law.
Pacific Coast I'ensiana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 9.—Pen
sions have been granted as follows: Cali
fornia: Original — William Birkle, Pasa
dena. Increase— William A. Jones, San
Francisco.
Oregon: Original widow— Maiy E. Mc-
Call, Ashland.
Washington: Original— Charles B. Lil
lie, Orting. Increase — Frank Chambers,
Port Aneeles.
•■•■•■•■• ■•■• ■•■• ■•■••■•■•
5 DUCK Suits?
S ®
J Certainly I We*" make them — very busy, too. SB
J There's no end to the styles and patterns of dress 9
53 ducks, which we are making up into Duck Suits, ■
2 with blazer or Eton jacket. A
I* — Our work is unquestioned as to quality, ■
Z fit and style. Our tailor-made fabrics a
"■ look and are equal to $10 cheap wool suits. ■■
jjjr Make your own selections from near 1000 ™
** patterns and wait a few hours only for a w
Hi custom-made suit. Every stitch taken in Hi
© the house by white workwomen, mostly £
A heads of families, who need the work. gg|
■ DDfCF Is what tells— s2 25, $2 50, $300. #
0 * *> 1. WJ-< if yOUy 0U cannot call describe color and ■
■ how to send. If we can put one 0
0 • dress or wrapper in your town we're ■
■ sure of all the trade. 0
45} r"*2ff HrVmSs% /*\««-4- Bust measure, inches: waist measures E-3
S rill 1 MIS UUt. inches; length of skirt front, JS
g£g inches; back, inches; neck to waist, — - %p
n inches; sleeve, inside, Inches. mm
a It will not pay you to STITCH ©
mm while we are manufactur- CTl r|i/til »
~ ing. Wrappers to order, STITCH a
** $1 up ; Light Shirt Waists I HP/** 1 1 H
B to order, 40c up ; Sunbon- 51 1 1 VU B
0 nets to order, 25c up ; ®
Bi Aprons to order, 25c up ; Bi
0 , Night Wrappers to order, 0
H 75c up. ' gg
m% n/I r**l^T*^ & V TIT</^ O ur Clothing department is *
W /Vl I— « rXI I I hummer. To order or ready
m livay o oui 1 a^ <j t^r jr.^: 11 /^ ■
©ing choice selection summer weights, light colors. Stylish coats at 50 per cent off m
regular value; no two alike. Some came with $20 suits. $3 50, 54. $5- No higher, iff
HI m I""* ▲ A hig snap in tea. Before June Ist we shall close out all our tea 69
OS 1-H /\ over 1 year old about half price. In original boxes, high grade, -^
J. i^fli good as ever. $2 50 kind, $1 50; $175 kind, $1. Samples M
Hopen. :=:
s* a r* v 1 5 what w «/ri rr* *■¥ r* * c ash \m
• CASH T SMITHS' 4 t •
•■•■•■•■• ■•■• ■•■•■•■•■»■••
$isoo IN GOLD FOR THE PROFESSIONAL.
~% m % G. & J. OFFER No. 16— 81000.
a— _ ___ __ jSi-m-— .rk To the professional rider who makes the
y\ mV\ J Sf\ - FASTKST 31ILK WORLD'S FLYING
_^— --£' V / \ J^-s=e^ START E« ORD (as tt will aland accepted
,^\TT|7/^A / \ S J«\l//7SL. Jan. 1, 1897) at a regular sanctioned me»t or sanc-
flFs&\l//£&\ <d/ \« \S //«*W*^i tlo ned record trial, paced or unpaced. In competl-
lh^iM^\\^ \ijr f^^JJ^% tlon or otherwise, ON A. RAMBLER Xl-
I JSjlt?Tr3!»S aaawg If^^c^tl cx v T " E fitted wltn G - &J ' tires > we will
* PRESENI $1000 IN QOLD ! !
■ M^!iJ^d^l^r43tiS^A^,r li \t<!lillUlia*H'*V~& ■*"' Provided the same record Is made, under name
. _ - - . - conditions, on any wheel other than the Rambler,
out fitted with G. & J. TIRES, we will present the record holder wita -
' v $500 IN GOLD I
For'fnrther information in regard to this and IS HKSHHHMBSSS!!3BBS3HnS9S
other offers apply to lll^lYlfi 41 ▼ I fiT'i « \Wk m n
THO AS H. B. VARNEY, 1I 1 B Lfi VII9U 1 1 1 I 1 la Mil
Rambler Biolorama, Market, Teuth and ill HW ■ IaTH ■ F ■ Hi ii PcJ n
McTemon Sts. ■HHHNKHHBfIIHBBBEMHBGMMHfIIS]
#" : "•-* HEW TO-DAY. /
•~~ — ~rr^~ *~r~~] —
"AtT !
Sloane's" *
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS
Immense Line of Patterns,
$1.12^ per yard Sewed,
Laid and Lined.
SMYRNA
RUGS
1500 Full Size, 30 Inches
by 60 Inches, at $2.00 Each.
W. & J. Sloane & Co.,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
STYLISH TAN SHOES
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES. We are
now offering an elegant line of LAD IKS'
TAN BUTTON OR LACK BOOTS, strictly
up to date, needle or narrow square toe, all
sizes and widths, at %'l 50 a pair. Cannot be
duplicated elsewhere.
IK lIP i 7hp
Children's and Missus' Russet spring Heels, nar-
row square toe, V-shaped tip, straight foxed.
Sizes 6 to 8. 750
Sizes BVa to 11 *1 00
Sizes 11% to 2 fl 2&
The Secret of These low Prices lies
In the fact that we own our building and are satis-
fied to Rive the poblic in bargains the enormous
rent the oilier shoebouses are paying. . -
1340 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
| Country orders receive prompt attention.REVERSES AND
AN ASSIGNMENT,
Failure of Schumacher, the
Oatmeal King of
Ohio.
TOO MANY ENTERPRISES
Owes a Million and a Half, but
Creditors Will Be Paid
in Full.
ALL PROPERTY TURNED OVER.
The Pressed Millionaire Was a Noted
Prohibitionist and Once Ran
for Governor.
ARKON, Ohio, May 9.— Ferdinand Schu
macher, the millionaire oatmeal king,
president of the American Cereal Com
pany of Chicago, the Schumacher Gym
nasium Company of this city, the Mar
seilles Land and Water Power Company,
the Illinois River Paper Company of Mar
seilles, 111., and the Tennessee Land Com
pany of Harriman, Term., assigned at 4
o'clock this afternoon. The liabilities are
estimated at $1,500,000 and the assets at
$3,000,000. The assignment was a volun
tary one.
Until three years ago Mr. Schumacher
was a resident of Akron, at which time he
removed to Chicago. When the American
Cereal Company was organized he entered
the combine and was elected president,
which position he occupied and has since
held. The failure was caused by his heavy
losses in the two companies at Marseilles,
which assigned this morning. In order to
save these companies Mr. Schumacher
borrowed $800,000 from Akron, Cleveland
and Massachusetts banks. $200,000 of which
would become due this month.
The greater portion of this amount could
not be renewed nor could Mr. Schumacher
raise the mo#ey to pay the discounts on
the notes. Yesterday he called his attor
ney, Johnston H. Arbogast, and his
nephew, Hugh Schumacher, to Chicaeo,
and his financial condition was carefully
examined. Late yesterday he decided to
assign for the benefit of his creditors, and
a trust deed conveying all his property to
Johnston Arbogast and Hush Schumacher
was prepared. This was filed in this city
to-day.
The property turned over for the benefit
of his creditors consists of $1,000,000 worth
of stock in the American Cereal Company,
$4n,000 worth of stock in the Schumacher
'ivmnasinm Company, the Clarendon Ho
tel and his residence in this city, besides a
large amount of real estate in and about
Akron. Altogether, the property turned
over is estimated at $2,000,000. At the
same time the deed in trust was filed a
cWd in trust by the Schumacher Gymna
sium Company was a!.«o filed. The assets
of this company are estimated at $40,000,
with ti-e liabilities much in exesss.
About six years ago Mr. Schumacher
founded Harriman, Term. He is a strict
prohibitionist, and founded the city on the
same principles. The result was he lost
nearly $500,000 in the transaction. Twelve
years ago he was the candidate on the
Prohibition ticket for Governor of Ohio.
J. A. Arbogast, one of the assignees, paid
to-night that if the property is not sold at
a forced sale the creditors will realize dol
lar for dollar, but if the property was sold
they would lose heavily, as there is no
market for it just as present. But one
mortgaee was riled by Mr. Schumacher.
That was for $35,000 and given to twenty
creditors, jointly, who held claims aggre
gating $5500 to $7000 against Schumacher.
OTTAWA, 111., May 9.— Careful investi
gation fails to show a cause for the $1,000,
000 failure of the Marseilles Land and
Water Power Company and the Illinois
River Paper Company at Marseilles, out
side the general break-up of Fred Schu
macher at Arkon, Ohio, he being the prin.
cipal owner of both places at Marseilles.
His investment in the little city con
sisted of the control of the finest water
power plant in the State, the largest straw
board mill in the world, the Crescent mill,
a wood pulp mill, an electric light plant
and coal mines. On account of the general
business depression none of these had
prospered the past two years, but his losses
in them were not extensive.
THE LOUISANA GOVERNORSHIP.
Trouble Anticipated Wiien the Legiala.
ttere Meets To-JUorrovc.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 9.— A Snn
special from New Orleans says : A com
mittee consisting of 100 of the leading
! men of New Orleans was ap
pointed yesterday to try and arrange a
settlement of the gubernatorial troubles
and prevent a conflict at the State Capitol
when the Legislature meets on Monday or
when the vote for Governor is counted on
Thuraday. The returns show the re-elec
tion of Foster, Democrat, by a majority of
27,000, but Pharr, the Republican candi
date, asserts that gro<-s frauds have been
perpetrated and that he will carry his con
test before the Legislature and demand an
investigation of the vote.
T ;e Legislature consists of 64 straight
Democrats, 17 members of the Citizens'
League, a reform organization of New Or
leans whirh defeated the Democracy in
that city, t'l Populists and 21 Republicans,
showing a Democratic majority of four
over all.
At one time it looked as if there would
be an armed conflict at Uaton Rouge, and
the militia was ordered to hold itself in
readiness to go to Baton Rouge, but the
chances of violence are now considered
slight, and both sides seem disposed to
leave the matter to the Legislature. The
committee of citizens proposes that ti e
Legislature before counting the vote for
Governor shall pass a new election law and
call h Constitutional Convention which
will limit the suffrage by an educational
qualification and omer a new election
alter this has been done. The Republi
cans have accepted the offer, but Governor
Foster will probably refuse.
WRANGLE OVER INSTRUCTIONS.
The Jackron Murder Case Not let Before
the Jury.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, May 9. — The
Jackson case is not yet in the hands of the
jury, nor l.aye thearmimenti commenced.
It was evidently expected that the jury
would receive its instructions from the
court to-day, but w en couit opened in
the morning Jud^eHelm was not ready
and an adjournment wan taken until 2
o'clock.
Judge Helm had prepared a series of
sixteen instructions to the jury, to several
of which Colonel Crawford took exception.
During the noon hour Colonel Crawford
had prepared five instructions, which he
wished included in the list, but the court
excluded them. The whole of the after
noon was taken up in discussing tie in
structions, and the oniy time the jury was
brought in was shortly before the evening
adjournment, when it was instructed not
to discuss the case.
Several copies of the instructions had
pot out among the reporters, which
judge Helm regretted. He s-aid that the
oopies given out would be modttied, and
would not be the final instructions given
to tie jury.
A loiii; wrangle between the court and
Colonel Crawford over the instructions
consumed the entire afiernoon.
CAPTAIN JODNSTON DEAD.
Hun the Surviving Hanking Officer of
the Confederate Nary.
SAVANNAH, GA.JMay 9.— Captain J.
P. Johnston died in tbis city to-night in
the ninety-eip:iith year of his age.
Captain Johnston was the surviving
ranking officer of the Confederate Navy
and senior ranking officer r>y date of com
mission of the old United States Navy. He
was the executive officer of Commodore
Tattnall on the flagship Powhatan, on
duty in ti.e Chinese waters at the time of
the Pei Ho rebellion.
He resigned his commission in the
United States navy shortly after the breaic
ing out of the late war and entered the ser
vice of the Confederate States. He served
with the Confederate navy in various ca
pacities.
THE BROOKLYN'S FAST DEAD
Iwenty-Txpo Knot* Expected of' Her at
the Official Trial.
LEWES, Del., May 9.— The cruiser
Brooklyn made a remarkable run down
the river to-day, her time from Watout
street wharf to the breakwater, 103 miles,
being six hours and eighteen minutes.
She was slowed down passim* the many
shoajs in the river and she was not
speeded, her best run being at the rate of
fifteen knots. This gives every indication
of her making at least twenty-two knots
on her official trial. Her machinery
worked remarkably well and the Bbip whs
very «teady. The weather to-day was
perfect
Killed by a Frright Train.
CLIFTON SPRINGS, N. V., May 9.—
Colonel Frank K. Haiti of New York, who
has been at the sanitarium for medical
treatment for th ■ past two months, was
run over and instantly killed by a freight
train on tue New York Central this after
noon.
Mr. Ham has been vice-president of the
Manhattan elevated road for sixteen
years. It is stated that last year he saw
between 15,000 and 18,000 people, besides
t c officials of the road, on matters per
taining to the road. He was 69 years of
age ami leaves a widow.
TO SUE STOCKHOLDERS,
Senator Pettigrew's Bill to Se
cure Money From the
Pacific Roads.
It Also Directs the Attorney-General
to Foreclose on the Government
Liens.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 9.-Senator
Pettigrew to-day introduced a joint reso
lution requesting President Cleveland to
employ counsel for the purpose of bring
ing suits against the directors and stock
holders of the Union and Central Pacific
railroads who received the stock of said
roads without paying cash for the same;
also to recover from the directors, officers
and stockholders of said roads such
sums of money as were stolen by
them or diverted and converted to un
lawful purposes *nd therefore not
placed in the sinking fund as required by
law, and the President is authorized to
pay to the attorneys the sum of 5 per cent
of all sums received from the directors or
stockholders. The Attorney-General is
also directed to foreclose the mortgage of
the Government on such roads at the ear
liest possible date, and to take steps to pay
off the prior incumbrance on said roads
and to use the sinking fund for that pur
pose; to ascertain the amount of money
belonging to the Union and Central Pacific
railroads that has been invested in branch
lines, and the amount of bonds and stock
of other companies now the property of
said roads and to take steps to secure the
Government's interest therein and to
ascertain- the amount of land now the
property of said roads and recover the
same or protect the Government in con
nection therewith.
For the purpose of carrying out the pro
visions of this resolution the sum of $100,
000 is to be appropriated.
PUBLIC DEST REDEMPTION.
Secretary Carlisle Furniahet Interesting
Figure* to the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 9.-In reply
to an inquiry from Senator Cockrell. Sec
retary Carlisle to-day sent to the Senate a
statement in regard to the redemption of
the public debt, with the premium and
interest paid from March 1, 1885, to March
1, 1893. From 1885 to lso bonds aggregat
ing $194,190,500 of the loan of 1882 were re
deemed, aggregating $56,726,550, with $15.
604,309 in premiums; from March 1, 1889,
to March 1, 1893, bonds aggregating
$24,603,905 of the loan of 1891 were re
deemed; $121,615,950, with a premium of
$30,660,138, of the loan of 1907 were pur
chased; $111,973,000, with a premium of
$3,225,388, of the loan of 1891 were pur
chased.
Strihera Ar- Very Quiet
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 9.-Tfae strike
situation is unchanged to-night. More
cars were run after 6 o'clock than on any
previous evening, and the strikers and
their 'friends are very quiet. Numerous
labor and civic organizations to-night
passed resolutions declaring EvniDatiiv
witn the strikers. The labor unions and
sympathizers with the strikers have ar
ranged a parade for to-morrow forenoon at
11 o clock. Electric lights in the out
lying wards of the city are not
burning to-night; the strike of the elec
tricians is beginning to tell. The State
Board of Arbitration will meet Monday
No Ghana* in the Strike Situation.
WIL WAUKEK. Wis.. May 9.-The situ
ation in the street-railway strike is prac
tically unchanged. Both the company
and the strikers claim to have a victory
in sight. About the same number of
cars are running as yesterday. The popu
lar sympathy for the strikersfhas increased
since the company's flat refusal to arbi
trate. The sympathetic strike to be in
augurated on Monday is the talk in labor
circles. To-morrow something may de
velop.
Teat of the lurn-t.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 9.— The re
sult of the experimental firine to-day at
Indian Head proving-grounds against the
turret of the Massachusetts was very satis
factory re arding the balance of resistance
between the armor and the strength of the
turret structure. The prime object of the
trial was to determine whether this struc
ture would properly support the armor
when it was struck a heavy blow with a
projectile from one of the larger guns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
FIGHTING AGAINST
FUTURES IN GRAIN.
Agrarian Leaders to Follow
Up the Blow at the
System.
BUSINESS TRANSFERRED
Operators Will Desert Berlin for
Quarters at Amsterdam and
Antwerp.
THE REFORM OF THE MILITARY
Civil and Military Cabinets of Em
peror William Are Yet in
Opposition.
BERLIN, Germany, May 9.— The lead
ers of the Agrarian party in the Reichstag
have declared their intention to follow up
the blow they dealt against the system of
trafficking in grain futures by proposing
that judgments obtained in other than
German courts arising from disputes grow
ing out of time deals in grain shall not be
enforced in Germany. As international
execution of judgments are regulated by
international laws and treaties any mere
deliverance of the Reichsiag upon this
subject must necessarily remain inopera
tive. The action of the Reichstae in pro
hibiting dealings in futures has led a num
ber ot operators to transfer their grain
transactions to Amsterdam and Antwerp.
Some dealers say that the prohibition of
time deals will not affect business in the
least, as they could carry on future deals
in Chicago or New York independently of
the rules of the Berlin Produce Exchange,
and, though such contracts would not be
legally binding, the dealers say they can
rely upon the good faith of the contrartins:
parties. Several leadme firms, whose
heads are members of the Produce Ex
change, are arranging In conjunction with
a number of Hamburg houses to establish
grain-trade banks in Antwerp, Amster
dam and Brussels. To counteract this
movement Count yon Kanitz, the Agrarian
leader, has given notice in the Reichstag
of his intention to ask the Government to
negotiate with foreign powers for the con
clusion of treaties prohibiting traffic in
grain and produce futures.
The Hanover Courier asserts that the
term of office of the Imperial Chancellor,
Prince Hohenloh*, will end with the close
of the present session of the Reichstag,
but the semi-official press, on the contrary,
declares that a ministerial crisis haa been
averted and that Prince Hohenlohe will
remain in power as lone as his health per
mits.
General Bronsart yon FchelJendorf, Im
perial Minister of War, has succeeded in
obtaining the Emperor's assent to the
scheme for the reform of the mil'tary tri
bunals and also certain reforms in the
army organization which have long been
oppoßed by the Emperor's military cabi
net. The Chancellor and the Minister of
War will continue their struggle against
the influence of General yon Hahnke, the
chief of the Emperor's military cabinet,
and Dr. yon Lucanus, chief of the Kaiser's
civil cabinet, and if they should be suc
cessful it ought to lead to a chance in the
personnel of both the military and civil
cabinets.
Another Colonial Office scandal is excit
ing political and official circles. Baron
yon Wissmann, the Governor of German
East Africa, who sailed from Zanzibar last
Thursday on his way home, does not in
tend to return to bis post, and as a matter
of fact threatens to leave the imperial
service. He has had a quarrel with the au
thorities of the Colonial Office over the ap
pointment to his staff of a certain Herr
yon Eitz, who was associated with the re
cent accusations made against Dr. Carl
Peters, the explorer,
Eugene Wolff, the explorer, in an ar
ticle in the Berlin Tageblatt, makes a
sharp attack upon the Colonial Office au
thorities for their action in sending Lieu
tenant Werther on a mission to East Af
rica to explore a supposed region of gold
reefs.
In 1893 Herr Wolff directed the attention
of the Colonial Office to Werther's conduct,
abuse of power and exactions while he was
at the head of a geological research expe
dition in Africa. Toe Colonial Office
authorities iv respect to this asked Wolff
to keep silent about the matter and
assured him that Werther would never
again be similarly engaged by the Colonial
Office. Herr Woiff now protests against
Werther's second mission and declares
that there is no gold in the regions which
be has gone to explore. The whole
matter, Herr Wolff maintains, is a job.
The blindness of the Grand Duke of
Mecklenburg-Strelitz led him into a dan
gerous predicament last Wednesday while
on his way to the horse fair at New Bran
denburg. As he was being led across a
railroad track his foot became caught in
the rails and could not be extricated.
The consequence was that be was forced
to remain standing for some time in the
middle of the line, over which there was a
very large traffic, owing to the horse fair,
and the trains had to be brought to a stand
still by the signalmen until the Grand
Duke'« foot was finally released by its
being forced out of bis boot.
The Empress on the occasion of the
birthday of Crown Prince William, who
was 14 years old last Wednesday, paid a
visit to the Crown Prince and his brother,
Prince Eitel Frederick, at Ploen, where
they are at school, returning to Berlin
Wednesday evening.
Last evening the Emperor and Empress
gave a dinner to the chiefs of the German
Red Cross Society in commemoration of
the twenty-fifth anniversary of the founda
tion of tho society and were afterward
present at a gala opera performance in
honor of the occasion. To-day the Em
peror and Empress started for Frankfort
and will visit the International Flower
Exhibition at Dresden en route.
Major-General A. McD. McCook, United
States Commissioner to attend the corona
tion of the Czar of Russia, accompani ed
by his aids, Colonel McCook and Captain
Soriven, military attaches to the United
States legation at Home; Miss McCook, J.
B. McCook and wife and Mrs. C. B. Alex
ander of New "tfo.'k will start from Berlin
for Moscow to-morrow.
Rcprimnla Have. Beyun.
MASSOWAH, Abyssinia, May 9.—Gen
eral Baldissera recently demanded that
Ras Mangascia, Kas Sebath and Ras Agos
tofari surrender the Italian prisoners in
their iianus, threatening reprisals unless
his demand was complied with. The re
prisals have begun. Colonel Suvani has
attacked Ras Sebath's fore s, killing sev
eral of the Abyssinians. The A"yssiniann
retreated, with the Italians in pursuit.
The latter have brrned four villages while
following the natives.
Ecuador's harthquakea.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador. May 10. —
Mama, a seaport town in Ecuador, suf
fered severely from earthquake shocks on
Thursday. Great chasms were opened in
the earth, and the loss of life was neavv.
Later advices confirm the news of the
almo-t total destruction of Puerto Viejo by
earthquakes and floods.
Another severe shock was felt in Guaya
quil Friday night. It did little damage to
property, "but caused very great ularm
among the citizens.
huxaia'* Threatened Grab.
LONDON, Esc, May 9 —The People to
morrow will publish a di-ipatcli from
Shanghai stating that the Russian Consul
threatens to forcibly seize a stretch of the
foreshore at Che Foo, to which Great
Britain has a long standing claim. The
British Minister has protested arainst. the
threatened seizure and it is said tnat China
also objects. Four Russian warships are
off Che Foo landing men, apparently to
support the Consul.
FIERCE STORMS IN KANSAS.
Great Damage Done to Growing Crop*
by the fFinda.
OMAHA, Nebb., May 9.— The storm
which visited Southwestern Nebraska last
night was most severe. Reports from
Hastings, Roseland and other places in
that vicinity show that great damage was
done to growing crops. In the south
western portion of Adam** County large
trees were pulled up by the roots and
ot' ers twisted off.
Windmills, barns and corncribs were
totally demolished, but so far no loss of
life is reported. Rains have been preva
lent througnoui the State for the past
twenty-four hours.
HASTINGS, Nebr., May 9.— A small
cyclone pass 1 d througti the eastern part
of the city last night in advance of a heavy
rainstorm. Several barns were badly
wrecked, porches were torn from houses
ana considerable damage done. The storm
was even more violent in the country dis
tricts, but no loss of life is reported.
The Transcontinental Rnad%.
CHICAGO, 111., May 9.— Chicago repre
sentatives of transcontinental roads left
this city to-night for San Francisco to
attend the first meeting of the Transconti
nental Passenger As>ociation to be held
on the Pacific Coast, Chairman Cald
well'a absence at this meeting will necessi
tate a postponement of any action 'oward
meeting the cut-rate policy of th • Soo
line on transAtl mtic busn»«>-« fr ,m Minne
apolis to New York. The Grand Trunk
is pressing the Chicago-St. Paul lines to
meet tne competition.
METHODIST CONFERENCE.
All Members of the Church Are
Asked to Abstain From
Using Tobacco.
Enthusiasm Caused by an Increase of
Support for Women Dele
gates.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 9.— Bishop
Ninde presided at this mornine's session
of the general conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church. Rev. Mr. Lowthera of
Kansas introduced a resolution asking
that ail Methodists be asked to abstain
from using tobacco, and tbat no Sunday
school teachers or Epworih League presi
dents or other officers be elected wtio used
tobacco. Referred to tUe committee on
temperance.
A resolution and petition opposing the
proposed amendment to the United States
constitution putting God in the constitu
tion was referrtd to the committee on
church and state. It provides that the
words "trusting in Almighty God" should
be inserted after the word "posterity" in
the preamble of the constitution. Samuel
Dickie of Albion, Mich., chairman of the
Prohibition National Committee, and who
has just been elected Mayor of Albion,
was excused by the conference for several
days in order to go home and close up the
saloons.
A communication from the Methodist
Church South was read by Secretary Mon
roe, stating that a committee had been
appointed to confer with the Methodist
church looking to federation of the two
churches. It was referred to the board of
bishops.
The committee on missions reported a
resolution giving any annual conference
the right to receivtf any church, synod or
conference into the Methodist church upon
presenting the proper credentials. It was
stated that while the resolution was in
general terms it was framed to fit the case
of t c Wesleyan church in Germany,
which desired to join the Methodist church.
Adopted.
The women are daily gaining support
ers. To-day a larve number of delegates
who hail previously vot*d against the con
stitutional amendment giving the women
admission to the conference, changed their
votes and voted aye. The change was
greeted with applause.
Ex-Senator Harlan of lowa introduced a
resolution amending the second restrictive
rule, giving the laymen equal representa
tion with the ministers in the general con
ference.
Mr. Harlan said: '"The laymen have
had a meeting and we have come to the
conclusion that the time has come when
the laymen should receive justice by this
body." We want numerical equality in
this body unless the ministers should give
ua some good reason why we should not."
On motion it was referred to the com
mittee on lay representation.
A resolution sympathizing with Armenia
was unanimously adopted.
Upon adjournment of the conference
this afternooon a meeting of the Freed
man's Aid Society was held, and various
committees were appointed. Rev. J. C.
Hartzell of Louisiana read the quadren
nial report of the Freei'man's Aid Society
and the Southern Educational Society,
Knowing the value of the property to be
$1, 110,000 and the indebtedness slßs,3o9, an
increase of $53,072 over four years ago.
DISFIGURED FOR LIFE.
Hattie Biehardaon, the Operatic Singer
I.acrratrd by a fit. Bernard.
ALBANY, N.Y.. May 9.— Mrs. Emmet
Drew, known on the stage as Miss Hattie
Richardson, who is a leading singer in the
Wilbur Opera Company, now playing in
Troy, was disfigured for life yesterday and
had a narrow escape from being killed by
a St. Bernard dog, said to be the largest in
the world. The dog was on the stage at a
rehearsal, and Mr?. Drew put. her face
down beside the animal, which she was
caressing, and yelled into its ear.
The dog grabbed her cheek, and his large
teeth were buried in the flesh. Three of
the female members fainted at the sight,
and Messrs. Clarke and Drew sprang to
the assistance of the injured woman. Her
face was badly lacerated. Physicians
were called, and Mrs. Drew was removed
lrom tne opera-house to her hotel.
Murder and Atiietile.
TRENTON. N. J., May o.— Jennie An
derson, a servant girl employed by a dry
goods merchant of this city, was shot and
killed this morning at his residence. Her
slayer, a man unknown to the family, shot
himself at the same lime, and in a few
momenta died.
MAKES A NEW
WORLD'S RECORD,
Tom Cooper of Detroit Goes
Two-Thirds of a Mile
in 1:25.
MTARLAND IS BEATEN.
Fast Time the Order of the Day
at the Chester Park
Wheel Races.
PROFESSIONALS AND AMATEURS
Contests That Attracted a Big Gather*
ing and Evoked Considerable
Enthusiasm.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 9.— Chester
Park, the home of the wheelmen and Cin
cinnati's new summer resort, opened its
gates this afternoon, ushering in the
season with music and sport. An im
mense crowd witnessed the events from
the grand stand and club house veranda.
Interest centered in the professional races,
but the amateurs did not lack in enthusi
asm, as every contestant had a following
in the crowd. Following are the sum
maries of the principal events:
One mile, professional, Tom Cooper, Detroit,
won; Arthur Gardiner, Chicago, second: Wil
liam Coburn. St. Louis, third. Time, 2:23.
One mile, handicap, prosesMonal. J. W. Co
burn, St. Louis, won: William Coburn. St.
Louis, second; F. C. Schrein, Toledo, third.
Timp, 2:08.
One mile, professional, local, A. N. French
! won, J. A. Reilly second, W. J. Sexton third.
Time, 2:25.
Two-thirds of a mile, professional, Tom
Cooper, Detroit, won; Arthur Gardiner, Chi
crro, second; William Coburn, St. Louis,
third. Time, 1:25.
Cooper's time in the last race for two
thirds of a mile breaks the world's record
for that distance. The former record of
1:25 1-5 was held by McFarland of Cali
fornia.
ST. LOTIS, Mo.. May 9.— When the sad
dling bell rang for the first race this after
noon 15,000 people had assembled in the
fair erounds to witness the inaugural day
races. It was all that could be desired for
good racing and the tr;iek was favorable.
It was a speculative crowd, and the
twenty-four books which drew in had all
they could do to handle the money that
poured in on the horses. The bi<j purse
called out the best field of racers iv the
West. Henry Young. Laureate, Don Ca
rillo, Lady Inez and Sir Play were
scratched. The seven horses that accepted
j the journey were all well backed, though
I Linda and Schiller were lone shots. As
sienee won by a short head.
Four furlones, Typhoon won, Karuna sec
: ond, Forsyth third. Time, :50.
On>- mile, June won. H'rw Scot second, Chis
i weil ttiird. Time, 1:42^.
Three -quarters of a mile, Albert S. won. Hi
bernia Queen second, Mercury third. Time,
1:18.
Inaujrural hnndicap, one mile, Assignee
won, Buck Maisie second, Urania third. Time,
1:40.
Kleven-sixteenths of a mile, Tradition won,
SHllie Cliquot second, Pinkey Potter third.
Time, 1:15.
♦
WON BY A HAT GELDING.
Kama in Captured the Indiana Derby at
Sheffield.
i CHICAGO, 111., May 9.— L. E. Ezell's
bay gelding Kams.n, the favorite, by
Blazes-Miss Hall, won the Indiana $2000
| derby at Sheffield to-day in a gallop and
j clipped a quarter of a second off the
| Indiana State record for the distance.
Fully 8000 people witnessed the races and
saw three favorites, three second and a
third shot win.
Six furlongs, Lady Rose won, Mary L second,
Dejure third. Time, 1 :lt%
Four furlongs, Easter Eve won, C. H. Whelan
second, Belle of Niles third. Time, :r)0' 4 .
Five and a halt furlongs, The Deuce won.
Walkover second, Extra third. Time, 1:08%.
Six furlongs, Bob Wairer won, /red K. secona,
Helen Wren third. Time, 1:16.
Indiana derby, one mile and an eighth, Kara
pin won, Lillian £ second, Muskalonge third.
Time. 1:57?;.
One mile and three-sixteenths, Sullrosswon,
Fusilcer second. Jack the Jew third. Time,
2:ooV£.
Six furlongs, Hi Henry won. California
second, Lismore third. Time, I:l4}£.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 9.— A Satur
day crowd of large dimensions was at the
track to-day and witnessed an excellent
card of five races. The track was fast and
good time was made in all the races, two
favorites, two second choices and an out
sider bein the winners. There were two
close finishes, the others being of the strag
gling order.
Six furlongs, Caesarian won, Rondo second,
Sligo third. Time, 1:14.
Handicap, one mile, Lokl won, Jake Zimmer
man second, Ben Holladav third. Time,
1 :4(^.
The Cadet stakes, nine-sixteenths of a mile,
Abe Fur«t won, Boanerges second, Zola third.
Time, :55J^.
Selling, one mile, Fred Barr won, Koto sec
ond, Presidio third. Time, 1:43.
Maiden fillies, half a mile, Rosinante won.
Princess Teck second, Govinna third. Time,
MX- -■
ON THIS BALL FIELD.
-»«r lorfci Win as They J'iense From
the Browna.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 9.-To day's
game was one sided and uninteresting.
Boston batted Weyhing at will. William
McGunnigle assumed charge as manager
of the Louisville club at the conclusion of
to-day's game. Attendance 500. Score:
Loiiinvlllea. 300002000—5 5 5
Bostons. 20601225 •— l7 22 4
Butteries— Weyhtn* and Dexter; Mains and
(iunzel. Umpire— Keefe.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 9.— After
two victories over Brooklyn, Cleveland
met its Waterloo to-day. The Eastern
team batted Wallace out of the box in the
third, Young was substituted but failed
to stop the hitting, while the Cleveland
players fielded miserably. Forty-five hun
dred people saw the game. Score:
nrvt-lands 113 0 0 12 0 0-8 15 6
Brooklyn* 4040062 30-19 22 2
Batteries— Walltire, Young and Zimmer; Stein
and Hurrell. I'niplre— Hum.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May The New
Yorks won as they pleased to-day, and
used up four of the Browns' pitchers.
Breitenstein retired during the third in
ning. Kissinger lasted till the end of the
sixth. Wood came next and lasted about
ten minutes. With two runs and the
bases full McDougall finished the game in
good style. Doheney pitched well and his
support was good. There are rumors about
to-night of a general sbake-UD among the
Browns. Score: . .
St. L0ui5..;!........ 000030000— 3 8 2
New Yorks. 314 2 0 2 1 0 2-16 16 2
lia-.terit B— Breitenstein, Kissinger, Wood, Me-
Doogall and Murphy; Doheney and Farrell. Um
pire — Sheridan.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 9.— riot
was narrowly averted in tenth inning- of
to-day's game. With the score a tie, two
men out, Brodie on first and Jennings on
third, theformer started for second. For
man threw to McFee, who threw to third
to catch Jennings. . Just before the ball .
reached win's hands Jennings knocked
NEW TO-DAT.
Word
iPainting
jft our command could convey \ \
to you the prettiness of a biy i '
combination, a very swell com" \ '
bi nation which we have formed \
for you forTtyonday and 77ueS" {
day. \ |
A very pretty little Middy Suit in blue, i '
long trousers, for little folks between the 1 ! "
ages of 3 and 10. ' .
One of our very pretty little Wash Suits \ '
in fine striped Galateas, including lanyard i \
and whistle, for little folks between the \
ages of 3 and 10. , ' '. .  r
One of our swell Tarn O'Shantersin blue, i '
or a Yacht Cap, prettily embroidered, or a \
pretty white Duck Tarn, or a blue and white | <
combination Duck Tarn, or a pretty Straw i '
Hat if you prefer. . i
The entire outfit Monday and Tuesday at <, ,
I ; That pretty Little Middy Suit which we
111 1 offer in this combine, made from those
] i very swell Blue Twill Cheviots, with extra
(i( i deep sailor collar, black and red soutache
, braid on shield; this includes a lanyard
( and whistle.
i ' The Wash Suits are made from those fine
i Striped Galateas, also from brown linen
i 1 duck, with polka dot collar, very swell
1 , goods.
' i The combination would not be complete
/without one of our sweet White Duck
i Tarns, or if you prefer a blue and white
(Combination, or a pretty Yacht Cap in
i blue, prettily embroidered, or if a Straw
Hat is preferable, some very pretty plain
• • I straws, also pretty colored combinations.
: You that reside out of town should get : \ 77h*» finttr* flirt/'/*-.
. our new book. It treats on all the dif- : ', Uiie£*nitrevutnt—
: ferent lines that we handle and is differ- : (i( i V/fiddy Suit,
'. ent from most books ptiblished, as it con- ' ( i (*.• • , 2" , • c* .
: tains our very latest styles, our very best '. / li/ash fabric uu/t, -
: efforts and our very best price*. If you '. ,' 77he Jfcat
; will send us your name we will send you '. { ' \Jfie tsiar,
: the book. : i 1i 1 C* o jrjr
: ; ..: ,J ~~*P4Gs U Q*"* •
ii Z/xaphaei's
j _ ( incorporated
Ji ZJhe Frisco 3&oys,
}9, If, 13, IS J^earny Street,
him down and then scored the winning
run. It was the clearest steal ever seen
here and the crowd surrounded Emslie
after the game and but for police interfer
ence he would have been roughly handled.
Attendance 6000. Score:
rinrlnnatis . ...2000010110-5 7 3
b2S ?■.■.■.■■■-■.■■■■• -0 00 0 113 0 0 1-6 8 5
Batteries— Khines, Ktslier, Foreman, Peitz and
Vaughn: Hofferand Robinson. L mplre— EmsUe.
PITTSBURG. Pa., May 9. — Hawley
could not get them over the plate in the
seventh inning of to-day's game and after
the entire Washington team had faced
him with the result that the bases were
still 'full, only one out and five runs across
tho plate, Killen was substitated. The in
ning netted Washington 11 runs. Attend
ance 4500. Score:
Pittßbunts 010105 0 11—9 10 3
WmwWm". . : .... .01 00 10 11 10-14 14 6
Batterlei-Hawley and Hastings and Sngden ana
Merrill; Mercer and McGulre. Umpire— Lynch.
CHICAGO, 111., May 9.— The home team
lost a close but loosely played game to-day.
The Chicazos started the game with Terry
in the box, but he cave way to Br«gsin
the fourth and the latter was so wild that
Parker was called in. The second change
lost the came. Attendance 9500. bcore:
(hlciuros 2 400 12 00 1-10 13 S
rnSlVh.'..:. .■...• ...10323200 0-11 114
Batteries-Terry, Brlgp, ?« k «-K l £l£ Iltlrldce:1 ltlrldce:
Taylor and Clements. Umpire— eidman.
BASEBALL ON THE COAST.
Portland Beata Seattle in a Game Lack
ing Error*.
PORTLAND. Ob.. May 9. -The Seattle
Tanigans and the Gladiators played part
of this afternoon's game in a disagreeable
drizzle. DUt despite the weather there was
a cood attendance. Louis Balsz, the Cali
fornian, pitched for Portland and held the
visitors down in a way that paralyzed
them. Both sides played a snappy game,
and there were few errors not due to the
condition of the ground. The Seattleites
were outfielded. At the end of the eighth
inning the score was 7 to 6 in favor of Port
land. Glenalvin made a double play un
assisted, and the Portlands got in four
runs in the last inning.
Portlands. 012 3 000 2 4-11
Seat ,i es 11001012 2— 8
Batteries— Balsz and Friable, Black and Frary.
Tentiia at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 9.— The ten
nis tournament held in this city to-day
was won by Carroll and Jones, the score
being as follows:
Carroll and Jones defeated Bailey and Upson,
6- J, 2—6, 6-4.
Smith brothers defeated Taylor and Stokes, 3—6,
6-a. 6-4.
Carroll and Jones defeated Smith brothers, 6—9,
6—O.
In the mixed doubles, Crrroll and Miss
M. Beaumont defeated Jones and Miss S.
Beaumont. Carroll and Jones also won
first prize at the Wheatland tournament
yesterday.
Ten Mile Tandem Iteeord Broken.
LONDON, Exo., May 9.— Bicyclists
Goodwin and Provost broke the ten-mile
tandem record to-day on the Wood Green
cycling coarse, making the distance in
21:41Ji.
BOUND AND GAGGED
Sough Treatment Keceivtd by a Woman
at a Robber* Hand*.
JERSEY CITY, N. J., May 9.— James
Ahearn, a young man of 186 Pavonia
avenue, returned home for dinner Friday
and found his wife in a chair bound and
gagged. He released her and she told him
a young man, of whom she could give but
a poor description, entered the house and
said he had been sent to get $5 for Ahearn.
When she refused Mrs. Ahearn says he
knocked hor down, took her apron off her
and tied her hands and gagged her. Then
he took her pocketbook containing $3 and
escaped.
'Jttfit a Reprieve.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., May 9.— WllHam
Smith, who was to have been hanged Fri
day for the murder of Deputy Sheriff Ar
thur T. Wood, during th« Brookside riot
last July, was yesterday given a 30-day
respite by Governor Oates, as he is to be
used as a witness against another rioter,
three of whom are now serving terms in
the penitentiary.
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness of
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretful, fitful creature-
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to eet Mr. McKenzie's
nerve treatment. Call or write.
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsaparilla 65c
Paints Compound 600
Munyon's 15c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BALDWIN PHIRMACT
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders Promptly Attended To
34
THE CRATER OF
MOKUAWEOWEO,
Boiling Lake of Lava Found
by a Venturesome
Hawaiian.
A SCENE OF GRANDEUR
Fountains of Molten Matter Are
Spouting Hundreds of Feet
Into the Air.
SURPASSING EVEN XILATJEA.
Now There Is a Great Rush of
Tourists to See the Greatest
of Eruptions.
HONOLULU. Hawaii, May I.— Volcano
news is the principal topic of conversation
here to the exclusion of politics, the Legis
lature and almost everything else. No di
rect news from the crater itself has been
received until about two hours since, when
the Kinau arrived from her usual run to
ports on Hawaii.
Purser George Beckley of that vessel
says that a telephone message was re
ceived at Hilo just before the Kinau
started to the effect that a native had
Jeft for the scene of the outbreak on
Monday last, the 27th, and had succeeded
in reaching the edge of the great crater
and obtained a very fair view of the new
eruption. He found a boiling lake of lava
in trie summit crater which was a good
two miles in diameter and extremely act
ive. Tbe lake was constantly rising, and
the indications of an overflow were immi
nent. He says the whole surface of the
lake presents a scene of grandeur impossi
ble to describe. There were fountains
spouting molten laya hundreds of feet
into the air, great turbulence over the
entire lake, and a display of seething,
surging lava such as he never saw before
in either Kilauea or Mokuaweoweo.
Purser Beckley says the glare in the sky
is continually increasing in brightness,
and there is no longer any doubt that the
great volcano is making up for its nine
years of quiescence.
The Kinau also brings news of the re
newed activity in the crater of Kilauea,
which broke out a few weeks ago, but after
ward subsided. Mr. Beckley Bays the
lake is rising rapidly, and the display is
eraud. It is thirty miles from the Volcano
House, at the Kilauea crater, to the big
volcano at the summit of Mokuaweoweo;
consequently the tourist eoing to tne lat
ter wilKsee the former first, as all expedi
tions for the summit outfit and start from
the Volcano House. As the road is rough
horses, packtraina and tents have to be
taken along, but all of these can be ob
tained of Manager Peter Lee, who is pre
pared for just such emergencies.
Every steamer and sailing vessel which
comes into port brings glowing accounts
of the grand view obtained at sea of the
volcano at night. Some idea of the ex
tent of the present eruption may be gained
from the fact that the glare is distinctly
visible after the moon goes down from
Diamond Head, the well-known landmark
near this city. The distance is over 200
miles from Honolulu, and when the wind
is blowing In this direction the Bmoke
from the volcano can be seen in this city.
A party of Honolulu people, consisting
of Daniel Logan, editor of the Bulletin,
F. S. Dodge of the Government Survey
Department, Rev. Dr. Dille of San Fran
cisco and D. Howard Hitchcock, a local
artist, left on the last trip of the Kinau,
and must be at the crater by this time, but
they have not yet been beard from. Mr.
Logan writes to his paper from Mahukona
that the view from that place at night is
grand in the extreme, and very much like
that of Vesuvius.
Mr. Hitchcock, the artist, sent rough
sketches of the scene at night and in the
daytime from Mahukona, thirty miles
away. It is the only authentic sketch
of the present outbreak which has yet
come to hand. The steamer W. G. Hall,
which sailed for Hawaii to-day, took quite
a number of tourists for the wonderful
sight.
A FFAIRS OF THE ISLANDS.
Princess Kaiulani Will Get the Pension
Granted.
HONOLULU, Hawai'. May ' 10.— The
f grant of $2000 a year pension to Princess
Kaiulani has become a law.
Julien D. Hayne of the Hawaiian Maga
zine married a rich widow last year in
Florida, professing to be a wealthy coffee
planter of twenty-five years' experience in
Hawaii. Her son, in Ohio, is trying to
learn Hayne's record, which is a mystery
up to three years ago. lie has learned that
Hayne insured his mother's life for $10,000,
and believes her to be in danger from him.
The son is taking measures for her pro
tection.
Damon's bill for refunding bonds was de
feated in the Senate by a vote of 7 to 6on
April 27. Capitalists are generally opposed
to the measure, being unwilling to lose so
convenient an investment for their surplus
dividends as Hawaiian bonds at G per cent.
The subject of a new loan for public im
provements is under active discussion in
the Senate. The only question is whether
to seek a low rate of interest in London,
allowing a large discount, or to place the
bonds in Honolulu at 6 per cent or a little
less. Local capitalists are hungry for the
latter arrangement as an investment for
the large sugar dividends now pouring in.
SUNATEND AT URLLEN.
Committees Arrive to Prepare Reports for
the High Court.
UKIAH, Cal., May 9.— Members of the
several committees of the Ancient Order
of Foresters came here on to-day's train to
attend the High Court meeting of that
body, which convenes in this place next
Tuesday. About 300 delegates are to
come and much important business is to
be brought before the High Court. The
committee on laws and supervision, con
sisting of Georee W. Lunt and George F.
Brown of San Francisco and J. F. Mannon
of Ukiah, is in session to day and a report
on 120 amendments to the laws governing
lodges throughout the State is to be sub
mitted. ft ■
«
Valley Railway Inspected.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 9.— Secretary
Mackay of the San Joaquin Valley Rail
road returned this evening from a trip of
inspection over the line. He declared on
his return that the stretch between here
aud the bridge now beiag built across tbe
Merced River was the best in the State.
Superintendent McFarland expects the
Merced River bridge to be completed by
the 15th inst., when the work of track-lay
ing will be again commenced.
PORTLAND HORSE COMING.
Thoroughbreds to Be Exhibited at Ban
Frnnciacn's Horse Show.
PORTLAND, Or., May 9.— W. L. Wil
liamson, representing the Horse Show
Association of the Pacific Coast, is in Port
land interesting Oregon owners of thor
oughbreds in plans for the next horse
show to be held at the Bay City. Mr.
Williamson is making a general tour of
the Pacific Coast and States, and is awak
ening horsemen to the fact that it will be
to their advantage to place their horses on
exhibition at the show in December. In
Portland Mr. Williamson has been meet
ing with very gratifying success, and a
number of owners of fine stock have signi
fied their willingness to co-operate with
tho managers in making the show a great
event.
The second annual hoise show, in De
cember of last year, proved to be such a
popular success that it was decided by the
board of directors that it should be made
more of a Pacific Coast horse show and less
of a California show. Mr. Williamson
says they will have 500 horses on exhibi
tion this year. He has been out to Irving,
ton Park and the Witch hazel farm look
ing at the high-steppers.
WILLOWS MURDER CASE.
Editor Sehorn Found Guilty of Man-
slaughter and Will Appeal.
CHICO, Cal., May 9.— A telephone dis
patch from Willows states that the
jury in the case of W. A. Sehorn,
charged with the killing of W. A. Putnam
at Willows a short time ago, had agreed on
a verdict of manslaughter. Sehorn will
appeal.
This is the second trial that
Sehorn has had on the charge of killing
Putnam. Tbe first jury failed to agree.
The Superior Judge of Colusa County has
been presiding in the case, and also the
Prosecuting Attorney of Colusa County.
The jury on the first ballot stood seven for
acquittal, two for manslaughter and three
for murder.
REJOICING AT STANFORD.
Palo Altoans Pleased With the
Result of the Final Game
of Baseball.
Gratifying Record in Athletics Dur
ing the Year — Current Events at
the University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
9.— The feeling of joy here over the result
of the last intercollegiate baseball game
yesterday is almost as great us after the
recent intercollegiate field-day. The base
ball game was by far the finest played b}
either team this semester. Stanford had
found that her continued supremacy was
likely to receive a rude shock and all stu
dents here felt a thrill of uneasiness when
the team left for San Jose. The result,
however, left no doubt in the minds of
anyone that, while the two teams are both
good, Stanford's is the superior. All tue
members of the team say that they were
forced to play their best game or meet with
defeat and they determined to win if hard
playing could do it.
With the track events at San Jose and
tbe baseball game athletics for the year are
over, so far as the two colleges are con
cerned. Never before ha 9 Stanford had
so many victories to her credit. In not a
single athletic event has she been defeated,
with the exception of the freshmen foot
ball game. On the other hand she can
point to four intercollegiate championship
victories, all won within the last two
months.
The seniors are making elaborate prepa
rations for their commencement week ex
ercises. The seniors' farce, entitled "An
Intercollegiate Affair," is behi£ rehearsed
daily, and those in charge promise that it
will be the finest performance of its kind
ever «iven at Stanford. The farce itself is
said to be unusually clever and original
in its ie'eas and situations, while most of
[ those who will assume the several roles
have proved themselves decidedly clever
amatenrs. Another feature of the com
mencement week exercises will be the
sophomore freshmen peace-making. Tne
event is to be made more interesting this
year than last by the introduction of many
new ceremonies.
The zoological laboratory is in receipt of
another collection of tishes from Jamaica,
sent by a missionary — H. C. Robert-*. This
is the third collection sent by Mr. Roberts,
whose work is being done under the
auspices of the Hopkins fund. The new
collection is said to include several very
rare specimens of marine life.
Several collecting expeditions are to be
sent out from the university this summer.
Itutter and Schofield, two students, intend
to visit the most likely points in Alaska in
the interests of the laboratories, while
other students will work in the Northwest
States, making collections of fishes and
mammalia. It is quite possible that several
other expeditions will b9 formed later to
carry on work at promising points in
Western States.
Dr. Jordan stated to-day to a Call repre
sentative that the chair in law, left vacant
by the resignation of Professor Woodruff,
would not be filled this year. An assistant
would be appointed by Professor Abbott,
head of the department, to carry on the
work next year, but no appointment to the
chair would be ma<le until $4000 could be
offered to some first-rate law professor.
Anton .Schott, the German tenor, sang
here this evening. The Encina Gym
nasium was well filled to hear the artist.
A programme consisting entirely of Wag
nerian selections was rendered in a manner
that will never be forgotten by those
present. This was the second concert
niven here by Anton Schott during the
past three weeks.
INQUEST AT SAN LUIS.
Dr. Smith JUet His Death by Being
Thrown from a Horse.
SAN LUlti OBISPO, Cal., May 9.— The
evidence in the Coroner's inquest held
to ascertain the cause of the death of
Dr. F. H. Smith "returned a verdict that
deceased came to his death through in
juries received by a horse that he was
riding falling down with him.
A number of witnesses were examined
and there was nothing brought out which
indicated a murder. The verdict clears
the mystery of the case. Dr. Smith was
the dentist who was thrown from his horse
on t tie 29th of April while returning from
the barbecue of the Native Sons at Syca
more Springs. On account of the peculiar
fracture of the skull it was hard to believe
that it was sustained by a fall from his
horse, hence the action of the Coroner in
holding an investigation. The doctor rode
a lively horse, and in reining it up it
reared, falling over backward. There was
nothing in the testimony of the witnesses
to indicate that he was intoxicated at the
tin.c of the accident as was supposed.
The body was shipped to Philadelphia,
accompanied by the late doctor's wife.
Dr. Smith belonged to one of the leading
families of Philadelphia, who are quite
wealthy.
Kern County Democrats.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., May 9.-At a
meeting of the Democratic Central Com
mittee here this afternoon, the following
delegates to the State Convention were
elected: G us Miller, Fred Fickert, W. P.
Wilkes, T. A. Moncure, E. M. Roberts,
11. \V. McCray, Robert Christian and A.
Harrall. A county convention to nomi
nate county officers was called for Au
gust 24.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
DESERT PUGET
SOUND'S FLEET.
Sealing Vessels Prefer to
Sail Under the Flag
of England.
ARE BETTER PROTECTED
British Captains Not Supposed
to Observe Bering Sea
Regulations.
CAN KILL WITH IMPUNITY.
Canadian Shipping Profits by the
Activity of American Revenue
Cutters.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 9.—
Owners and backers of sealing schooners
on Fuget Sound are much discouraged
over the outlook for profitable work this
year, it being assumed by agents that only
one sealing schooner, the Eppinger, has
this year returned with enough skins to
meet expenses.
But the Eppinger has been here for more
than a week vainly endeavoring to find a
purchaser for its catch, and will leave to
morrow morning for San Francisco with
the skins in the hope of meeting with
i better success there. Captain White of
i the Eppinger is very much disgusted with
the sealing outlook, from the standpoint
of the American sealer especially, and says
he will float the British flag when next he
goes out.
"There does not appear to be much in
the fnture for the sealskin trade," said
Captain White, "at least not under the
American flag. There is a lot of rigama
role to go through by the captains of seal
ers that is simply foolishness.
"Kegulations require that a log shall be
! kept showing the day's domes, the nnm
| ber of seals taken, where found, in what
quantities, whether rolling, fhinine or
what, and all this takes a lot of time that
ought to be spent at business, instead of
I foolishness like this. This is what I think
about it, and it is what every American
', sealer thinks.
There's one thing that a sealer can do,
and that is to go under the British flag,
' and that's what a good many of them will
\ do, as some have already done this sea
1 son. The British sealers have a
great advantage over the American
when out at work, and under
i the refusal of the British Government
1 to agree to the regulations that have been
- provided by the United States Revenue
Department, British sealeis are not sub
| ject to anything like the restrictions that
! surround American vessels."
It is indisputable that the United States
j regulations have always operated to drive
j our sealers from under the protection of
< the American flag.
Five years ago Puget Sound was the
; rendezvous for a big fleet of sealing schoon-
e rs, and they were outfitted on this side at
the opening of the season and returned
! here for the close season, the business at
that time being in line for developing into
: one of the chief shipping industries of
1 Puget Sound.
But sealers were not long in learning
that the American flag afforded them lit
tle or no protection in pursuit of what
, they considered legitimate operations.
: They were pursued by revepue cutters and
j seized for doing what British schooners
I alongside of them were doing with impu
! nity.
The greater part of the American
schooners were not lone under the Ameri
can flag after they realized the situation,
and the greater part of the "British" seal
j ing fleet this year celebrated the Fourth of
j July in a manner that would do credit to
the most patriotic American merchant
man afloat.
SEATTLE'S DIVORCE CASE,
Twenty Californians Depose in
Defense of Accused Mrs.
Dawson.
Deny That She Was Intoxicated at
the Fiesta in Los
Angeles.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 9.— Ex-Mayor
J. T. Ronald has returned from Cali
fornia, whither he went in the interests
of his client, Mrs. R. L. Dawson, against
whom suit for divorce is pending. As a
result of the visit Mrs. Dawson will go into
court with the depositions of twenty or
more witnesses who will swear that Mrs.
Dawson's deportment was ladylike while
in California. Attorney Ronald inter
viewed nearly one hundred people who
knew Mrs. Dawson and he says they all
spoke well of her conduct during her resi
dence in California.
It will be shown that George Kinseyand
his wife, formerly Lottie Evans, hare
made statements in their depositions
which were untrue and which they knew
to be untrue. For instance: Kinsey swore
that on the last day and night of ths fiesta
at Los Angeles, Mrs. Da'.vson, Mrs. Rey
nolds and Mr. Eckstrom were carousing
about the streets, and that Mrs. Dawson
was intoxicated ; that in the morning she
went around en masque, and once when
she mot Kinsey tried to kiss him. It was
with difficulty! Kir.scy swore, that he ex
tricated himself. Ronald says he will be
able to show that Eckstrom has been a
friend of Mrs. Dawson and family for
years; that he is a temperance advocate
and a prominent merchant, and that he
was with the two women, but they were
sober and conducted themselves as ladies
at all times.
The Kinseys disappeared before they
gave the depositions in favor of Dr. Davr
son. The latter afterward alleged that
they had been gotten out of the way by
Mrs. Dawson, but the woman's counsel
proved that the charge was untrue. Ronald
was unable to locate them and is satisfied
they are not in Los Angeles.
The deposition of W. N. Barber Jr. of
Los Angeles has been received by the
County Clerk, and Ju<lee Humes ordered
it published, at the request of counsel for
Dr. Dawson. Barber gave testimony fa
vorable to Dr. Dawson. He is but 23
years of age, and his home is at Chats
worth Park, in Los Angeles County. He
at once goes into the matter of George
Kinsey's meeting two women, one of
whom is alleged to be Mrs. Dawson, at the
fieata in 1896. Barber dg«s cot say who
the women were, but says he was with
Kinsey when the latter met them. He
says :
"We walked along Spring street, and
near Court street we met this woman, and
3he was with another woman. One of
them put her arms about his neck and
said, 'Hello, George, when did you get
back ?' I did not hear bis reply. I walked
on a few steps, and did not hear any of
the conversation, except when she said,
'Hello, George,' and he talked to her for
about fifteen or twenty minutes, and then
he came up to me and then turned down
Court street in the vicinity of the Vienna
Buffet.
"The women were both dressed, so far as
I could see, in black dresse-. It might
have been blue, but it looked black at
night, and they had on what are com
monly called dominos. The women acted
as if they were intoxicated. I don't know
for sure, but they acted so. I judged they
were from the way they walked and were
carrying on, and when they turned down
Court street they looked to me as if they
were going down to the Vienna Buffet. We
lost track of them right by the Vienna.
They were going from one side of the
street to the other, and laughing and fall
ing against men that they happened to
pass. All that Kinsey told me was that
they were a couple of women that he knew
up in the northern part of the State. He
did not say in which city nor anything of
tbe kind."
In the cross-examination Barber said
thousands of people were on the streets
joking and jostling each other, many be
ing in mask. He had seen but few
women intoxicated and did not drink him
self. The two women he saw were not of
a degraded type.
Just how soon the Dawson case will
come on for trial is a question. Counsel
for Mrs. Dawson is now preparing inter
rogatories which will be submitted to
court soon and then forwarded to Califor
nia, where they will be answered and re
turned. The plaintiff will have some
cross-interrogatories to be answered, and
after that both sides will be ready to come
into court and have the case aired finally.
SAN BENITO GRAND JURY
Ex-County Treasurer Montgom
ery Indicted on Charges of
Embezzlement.
Outcome of a Fierce Political Fight
That Has Been Waged for
Years.
HOLLISTER, Cal., May 9.— The Grand
Jury to-day returned an indictment of six
counts against E. B. Montgomery, for
merly Treasurer of San Bsnito County.
The indictment charges the embezzlement
of public money.
Three months ago Montgomery resigned
from office and made good several thou
sand dollars' shortage, and it was gener
ally supposed this was the end of the
trouble. Judge Breen. however, called a
special Grand Jury session to investigate.
The jury was composed of farmers, who
probed deeply into the conduct of every
county olticer, and openly announced their
intention to "make a clean sweep."
Montgomery is well known throughout
the State, and is one of the most popular
men in the county. His losses are attrib
uted more to carelessness and inability to
resist the importunities of friends than to
dishonesty. The indictment is the out
come of a fierce political fight that has
been waged in this county for some years.
Montgomery's bail of $^■00 was furnished
within a few minutes alter the return of
the indictment was made public. The
jury has several cards up its sleeve yet,
and it is reported that more indictments
for misconduct In office will follow.
THE SEATTLE LEPER.
Authorities in a Quandary as to Whither
They Should Send the Un
fortunate.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 9.— The authori
ties, State, county and city, are very much
puzzled as to what disposition shall be
made of the leper discovered in this city. It
is possible that an application will be made
to have the victim placed in a certainl aza
retto in British Columbia, maintained at
the expense of the Dominion Government ;
but should the request be granted in this
instance the State of Washington would
have to psy for the leper's keeping for
life.
The man gives his name as Abel John
son. He is a Russian, 42 years old and
was naturalized in Montana. He claims
to have resided on the Puget Sound four
veara. Health Officer Palmer believes
Johnson had the disease in his system
before leaving Russia, though the" leper
says he has been ailing only about two
months.
SACRAMENTO DECISION.
All Indictment* Against Election Officer*
Are Quashed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. May 9.— Judge
Ilinkson rendered a decision this morning
quashing all the indictments found by the
Grand Jury against the election officers in
connection with the First Ward election
scandal disclosures in this city.
The decision is baaed on the failure f o
apprise defendants of their rights at the
time they gave testimony before the Grand
Jury. It is thought that a similar pro
ceeding will be had in the matter of
charges brought against the members of
the Board of Supervisors.
Chairman Morrison of the County Board
of Supervisors when called to the stand
said that he had been summoned before
the Grand Jury to testify as to certain
matters pertaining to the Board of Super
visors.
He had not been told that lie did not
have to testify and made no objection to
answering the questions, because he sup
posed he had to answer them. He went
before the Grand Jury a second time
voluntarily.
He had heard that Dr. C. B. Nichols had
been before the Grand Jury and accused
the Supervisors of selling him his position
as City Physician for $300 and he
wanted to set this matter right and
had gone before the Grand Jury and asked
them to indict him so that he could go
into court and clean his skirts of the
charge. The Grand Jury, however, would
not give him any satisfaction, and Fore
man Weil laughed at him.
SACRAMENTO BEE SUED.
C. B. Gillmmn Wants 5.f0.000 Damages
.From the Paper.
SACRA MKNTO, Cal., May 9.— C. H.
Oilman, who recently secured a decision of
the Supreme Court confirming the decision
of the Superior Court giving him $500
damages against the Evening Bee for libel,
commenced suit to-day againßt the paper
for $50,000 damages.
The paper Intely reprinted the original
article on which the verdict was secured,
using it as a text upon which to dilate and
show that the decision of the court was
unjust, although it might be the law as it
stands.
The Astoria Fishermen* War.
ASTORIA, Ob.. May 9.— Five hundred
fishermen with a snag-puller visited Des
demor.ia sands this afternoon, and de
stroyed several fish traps. These sands, a
few miles below the city, are not a part of
Sand Island, where Government troops
are in possession, but adjoining it.
kui.iun's Early fruit Shipments.
SUISUN, Cal., May 9.— Sutsun takes
the lead this year in the shipments of
cherries. The first of this fruit shipped
this season wai sent from here on April 3.
The first carload to leave the State was
sent out from Sui&un this evening.
QUEER HOLD-UP
OF A FRESNOITE.
Claims He Was Forced by-
Two Men to Sign
a Note.
ONE HAD A REVOLVER.
Thrust the Muzzle Against His
Head and Ordered Him
to Write.
DEATH WAS THE ALTERNATIVE
Yielded to Their Demands to Save His
Life— The Alleged Robbers
Arrested.
FRESNO, Cal., May 9.— G. L. Ferrel to
day swore to a complaint in Justice St.
John's court, charging George Rupert and
Samuel Packwood with robbery. Rupert
was immediately arrested and procured
bail, with his wife and Mrs. Sarah Brown
as sureties. Packwood was arrested at
Santa Cruz on a telegraphic warrant dur
ing the afternoon.
Ferrel alleges that Rupert and Packwood
forced him to aun a note in favor of Ru
pert to the amount of $80.
According to his statement they got him
into Rupert's saloon on a pretense of get
ting a drink. There was no one else in the
room at the time. Packwood drew a pistol
and leveled it at the complainant's head .
Rupert closed the doors of the place, and
while Packwood was holding the pistol to
Ferrel's head the note was produced. He
was threatened with death if he would not
sign it. He did as directed, as he was in
great fear of his life at the time.
Rupert tells a different story. Ferrel
had been tending bar in his saloon and
borrowed $80 from him. Rupert became
distrustful of Ferrel and insisted on a note
for $80. The Baloon-keeper claims that he
did not make any pretense of force. After
signing the note Ferrel went about town
telling that Rupert and Packwood had
forced him to sign it.
Rupert says that when he heard this he
became very angry and went before United
States Court Commissioner Prince and
swore to a complaint charging Ferrel with
opening a letter which had been left at the
saloon while Ferrel was in his employ.
The examination of Ferrel before Prince
resulted in a dismissal.
The case is attracting considerable atten
tion. George Rupert has been in the
saloon business here almost since the
founding of the city. Packwood is well
known throughout the county.
PORTLAND FIEND'S MANIA
Strangler Cosgrove Believes He
Is Commissioned to Take
Human Life.
Once Attempted to Choke the Mother
Superior of a Vancouver
Convent.
PORTLAND, Or., May 9.-Dr. W. H.
Wall of Vancouver, Wasn., was in Port
land to-day, in company with Detectives
Welsh and Cody. He visited the Tounty
Jail, to identify John R. Cosgrove, the
thug who attempted to strangle Marie
Leville, a French woman in the White
chapel. In Cosgrove the doctor renocnized
a man whom some weeks ago he treated in
the Sisters' hospital in Vancouver. There,
the doctor says, he evinced the same mur
derous tendency which led to the at
tempted murder bere on the night of
April 28.
One day Cosgrove essayed to choke to
death the mother superior, and on the fol
lowing day he made a similar attack upon
a sister. Then Dr. Wall concluded that
Cosgrove must be insane. He was exam
ined by a commission in lunacy and regu
larly committed to the Steilacooaa Asylum
for the Insane.
The doctor was ignorant of the man's
discharge from the infirmary until he read
an account of his arrest here. Dr. Wall at
once wired to the asylum regarding Cos
grove's discharge, and the reply stated
that the patient, during his confinement
there, failed to Kive the remotest evidence
of a disturbance of his mental equilibrium.
"I know him to be a very dangerous
man," added Dr. Wall; "in fact, entirely
too unsafe to be without restraint. He
told me that he had received a letter from
New York commanding him to strangle
some one. That written mandate, Cos
crove said, had hypnotized him, and he
felt bound to obey it oefore he could break
the spell. This man has a peculiar and
most vicious murderous monomania,
wh-ich can only be curbed by his confine
ment where he cannot reacn another
human being weaker than himself."
MAN-HUNTING IN MADERA
Outlaws Laverone and Roberts
Evade the Posse in
Pursuit
B'.ocdhonnds Get Off the Trail After
Reaching the Broken Bock
board.
MADERA, Cal., May 9.— Outlaws
Laverone and Roberts, the Madera jail
escapes, continue to baffle the searching
posses. The only pc-son who has returned
from the hunt is District Attorney Wal
lace. When he left the officers they had
not yet succeeded in putting the blood
hounds upon the track of the outlaws,
and no trace of them had been discovered
since their broken buckboard was found.
Mr. Wallace says the officers are of the
opinion that Roberts and Laverone are in
the vicinity of Quartz Mountain, which,
like the rest of the country in the foot
hills, affords excellent hiding places for
the bandits, as there are many caves sur
rounded by underbrush, which the officers
could not approach without running great
risk in exposing themselves as targets for
the outlaws.
Every rancher in the bills has joined in
the hunt, and the posse now numbers over
100 xueo, all heavily armed.
'Y'-'.C "-.j.'-" NEW TO-DAY. " --f^vlj.
■ . ' : "■/./:' : .
And "Has-Beens" Are the Melancholy
Fates of Too Many of Our
Younger Generation.
IF YOU HAVE ERRED IN YOUTH, IF YOUR
eyes lack luster, if you have used your system up, if
you have disordered your liver or misused your kidneys,
you should take the Great Hudyan. You can get it for
certain diseases, but you must first make application to
the Hudson Medical Institute.
Hudyan cures certain forms of liver and kidney affec-
tions, impaired vitality and loss of strength. Hudyan is
efficacious where other remedies have failed.
HUIJYAIM will v | J i^fCn^P^ W' hood and certain
stop the wasting jmf ]r<v iH'wi peculiar cases /of
away of tissue and gj wjSvjKwff m|3 shattered nerves,
will build up the K'lhralSbi^l Hudyan is a power
nervous system; |v fiSrjj|»Pi when rightly used.
Hudyan strength- P^i^lffl^i You must send for
ens, invigorates mft\ circulars and testi-
and tones the en- wxm 7 if monials of\ the
tire system. Hud- P^^^fr^^P^i?^ Great Hudyan.
TTJI Y1 011 I*^ Q O^*Tl CX ITI fSfrtw l\ il\\ iunfi' CK/l* AA/ 4" A 4*^ 4* r% £k
V dIX LUICD l-CJL Lalu. . V^X' \n\ wjffl ivuX • ■ * •*^* tO X.LX C
• PTTJPTTT IT)C xx i T5T?t? : Jlnifsi.sHl (P**'MvtV^\?9l ' P,TT£f!TTT AT?*! T7TJTTP ■
: CIKCULAKS xKEE. : fssisK wl ■ H^'in^fivfvM • '-'^'^^^-^'^■^^ x-tCXiis, •
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD.— lmpure blood, due to serious
private disorders, carries myriads of sore-producing germs.
Then come sore throat, pimples, copper-colored spots,
ulcers in mouth, old sores and falling hair. You can save
| a trip to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to the
j old physicians of the Hudson Medical Institute, Stockton,
| Market and Ellis streets.
LIVER. — When your liver is affected you may feel
blue, melancholy, irritable and easily disconcerted. You
will notice many symptoms that you really have and many
that you really do not have. You need a good liver regu-
lator, and this you should take at once. You can get it
from us. Write for book on liver troubles, All About
the Liver." Sent free. : .
< HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY remedies are now sought for by many men,
because so many men lead rapid lives — use up their kid-
neys. If you wish to have your kidneys put in good order
j send for our Kidney Regulator ; or, better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the test. The
book "A Knowledge of Kidneys" sent free. .
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.REPUBLICANS OF
NEVADA CONVENE,
Send Unpledged Delegates
to the Convention at
St. Louis.
DECLARE FOR SILVER.
Sixteen-to-One Clause Inserted in
the Platform After an
Argument.
PROTECTION IS DEMANDED.
Resolutions Favor the Displacement of
the State Senators and Repre
sentatives.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., May 9.-Nevada
Republicans held their State convention,
to elect six delegates and six alternates to
the Republican National Convention, at
National Guard Hall this afternoon. They
sent an unpledged delegation to St. Louis,
and atter a heated sortie included a '*16 to
1" clause in the financial plank ot tne reso
lutions.
The convention was called to order by
Hon. Trenmor Coftin, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee. Ex-
Governor R. K. Colcord was chosen tem
porary chairman and E. D. Vanderiieth
temporary secretary. They were after
ward made permanent officers. Mr. Col
cord, on assuming the chair, appointed
the usual committees.
After a short adjournment, the majority
report of the platform committee was read
and a motion to adopt it made. The
minority report was offered as a substitute
by Delegate Col burn of Virginia.
The platform contained in the majority
report congratulated the people of the
State and country on the prospect of a Re
public Presidential victory; favored the
restoration of currency as it stood prior
to 1873; recommended the displacement of
Nevada's Senators and Representatives as
non-residents; favored tariff protection
and protection for American labor; op
posed interference with non-sectarian
schools and the giving of aid to
sectarian schools: favored National leg
islation to control pauper immigration
and immigration of people holding views
opposed to the American form of govern
ment: favored a change in the naturaliza
tion laws, requiring as a qualification of
citizenship seven years' residence on the
part of foreigners and ability to read the
constitution of the United States;
favored an unpledged delegation to
the National Republican Convention.
The minority report differed from the
majority in that it contained the clause,
"Silver at the ratio of 16 to 1," which the
currency plank in the majority report did
not. The minority report was confined to
the currency plank.
The matter was finally settled by an
anendment to the currency plank, to the
effect that the convention "favored free
and unlimited coinage of silver at the ratio
of IB to 1." The report was then adopted.
The following delegates were elected:
J. B. Overton, Storey County; A. C. Cleve
land, White Pine County; G. F. Turretin,
Elko County; Enoch Strother. Storey; C.
H. Sproule, Elko, and W. D. Phillips,
Washoe.
BASNUCE CUENTY REPUBLICANS.
All Other Issues Subordinate to the Hirer
Issue.
POCATELLO, Idaho, May 9.— The Ban
nock County Republican Convention to
day elected fourteen delegates to the State
Convention, which meets in this city on
May 16.
Alleeiance to the principles of bimetal
lism, protection and reciprocity was sworn,
and the delegates were instructed to
support the position taken by the
silver Senators — Duboise, Cater, Cannon,
Teller and Mantle — and with that end
in view to support Fred T. Dubois, Edgar
Wilson and Willis Sweet as three dele
gates from Idaho to the National Conven
tion at St. Louis, and to vote for no man
who was not in sympathy with the posi
tion taken by these five Senators on the
questions of silver and protection.
Ukiah Fates for Bonds.
UKIAH, Cal., May 9.— The proposition
to bond Ukiah city for $25,000, to be ex
pended in building a sewer system, was to
day carried by a vote of over four to one.
The bonds will run for forty years.
LOS ANGELES' ANNUAL FETE.
Fiesta Promoters Dec/are for a Celebration
in 1897— A Gift to Queen
Mildred.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 9.— The ex
ecutive committee and conncil of thirty of
La Fiesta held their final meeting and love
feast to-night over the closing of accounts
of the greatest fiesta ever held in Califor
nia witi a cash balance on the right side
of the ledger.
Everybody in authority was coneratu
lated and had beautifully worded resolu
tions thrust upon them. President Francis
blushed like a sixteen-year-old maiden at
the eulogy bestowed upon him, but it was
all deserved. The following resolutions
were passed:
Whereas, Experience has shown that 1a
Fiesta de Los Angeles is a most valuable means
of attracting widespread attention to Los An
geles and Southern California, and thereby
has become a public enterprise of vital im
portance to this section:
Rrtolved, Thin it is the sense of the committee
of thirty that the annual celebration of La
Fiesta de Log AngHps be perpetuated, and that
its management should be continued by the
Chaint>er of Commerce, Merchants' Association
and Board o{ Trade upon the same lines and
principles as thut just closed, subject to such
minor changes as may be decided upon.
The fiesta executive committee of this
city has lonir been debating what beautiful
gift it could make the Queen of the late
fiesta as token of tLeir appreciation and
admiration. A loving cup has been de
cided upon, and a beautiful one has been
ordered and will be suitably inscribed and
given to Queen Mildred at an early date.
ROSENDLNSES PLANS.
They Do Jfot Include the Payment of
Alimony to His Wife.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 9.-Byron S.
Rosenblatt of San Francisco, whose mari
tal complications and proceedings tor
divorce and counter charge of cruelty by
niß wife has given him considerable noto
riety, is now in ibis city end alleges thai
he will soon take his departure for the
Eant.
He says ttiat charges of cruelty pre
ferred by iiis v ife and published in han
Francisco newspapers are all trumped up
and without substantial foundation; that
he offered an amicable settlement of the
affairs of his pugnacious spouse some time
ago, at which time he meant to fix upon
her substantial alimony, but she refused.
Now he declares she may go to a warmer
climate for her alimony, while he goes to
Texas, then to New York and, possibly, to
Europe.
Riverside County Ituihcai/.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 9.— The San
Jacinto, Lake View and Northern Rail
way Company filed articles of incorpora
tion with the County Clerk to-day.
The company proposes to construct and
operate a railroid from fean Jacinto, in a
general northwesterly direction, by way of
Lake View, to a point on tue main line of
the Southern California Railway in River
side County, the estimated length of the
line being forty miles.
VISALIA SONS OF VETERANS.
Genera/ George Wright Camp No. 111 Sue-
cessfully Organized With Twenty
one Members.
VISALIA, Cal, May 9.— The formal
organization of a camp of Sons of Veterans
in this city was completed to-night in the
meeting held for that purpose at Native
Sons HalL
Ever since 1891 the Grand Army Corps
at Visalia have been trying to have a
camp of Sons of Veterans organized here.
Quite recently they have had their efforts
crowned with succes3 and they are now
rejoicing.
W. Scott Hayes was instrumental in the
final organization of this new secret
society. Several weeks ago he sent out by
mail about twenty-live invitations to the
sons of veterans of the Civil War to meet
at Native Sons' Hall on the 25th of April
to organize a camp. Quite a number re
sponded, and May 2 was set for the even
ing on which to organize.
With the aid of the Grand Army men
the camp was oruanized with a member
ship of twenty-two. Following are the
officers elected:
Captain, W. S. Hayes.
First lieutenant, W. H. Edwards.
Second lieutenant. George Weishar.
First sergeant, A. B. Snippey.
Quartermaster sergeant, George Lee.
Color sergeant, Frank Weishar.
Sergeant of the guard, W. M. Penne
bafcer.
Corporal of the guard, C. W. Pierson.
Camp guard, Arthur Pfansu-il.
Picket guard, J. C. Edwards.
Chaplain, Ben Griffin.
The newly elected officers were installed
by John Edwards, commander of the G.
A. R. post.
At this juncture the hall was invaded
by the ladies of the Relief Corps and a
most pleasant hour of music ana refresh
ments was spent. Mrs. Robbins presided
at the organ and sang several patriotic
songs, in which the veterans present
joined with much gusto in memory of the
days and experiences of the gieat war.
All partook of coffee, cake, sandwiches, j
etc., before adjournment. Followine are
tiie names of the charter members:
Kdward Pierson Arthur Pfansteil
W. H. Edwards G. F. Hayes
Walter Shippcy J. C. Edwards
A. B. Shippey George A. Weishar
Frank Weishar W. S. Hayes
Jerome Pierson Edwin Linnell
Edgar Linnell C. W. Pierson
W. T. Walker George S. Lee
Ben Griffin w. M. Fennebaker
R. H. Kt-eler Ira Keelfcr
W. P. Littlefield
At the meeting to-night nearly all the
members were present, and the details of
the organization were quite satisfactorily
perfected. The new camp will be known
as the General George W right Camp No.
111, Sons of Veterans, U. S. A.
Wanted in Han Francisco.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 9.— J. B. Thomp
son, who was arrested in this city last
evening on a charge of bunkoing a man
out of $300 in San Francisco, was taken to
that City to-day. When arrested Thomp
son h*d an imitation roll of $20 pieces in
his possession.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
S J SUnwood, Cal JM Meredith, Los Ang
Mrs X D McQuiddy, Or C E lady, N V
J H Roberts, Sacto J M Pettißrew, Cal
R X Murray, Stockton D M Brown. Stockton
J L Joßi-pti & w, Cal M A Graham, Cal
E M Hurst, AngelsCamp C G White, Del Monte
C A Haight. Alameda X A Grennan, C*tl
C Oliver, Cal H H Bell, Oaklaud
M C Allen, Cal J c; Martuae, Sacto
W Selover, Portland MrsCH la Boy teai, Wash
Mrs M (Jlioff.BakerCity J H Glide, Sacto
a A Wiley, Danville W W Douglass. Sacto
X L Kankin A w, Cal Miss Gillan, Kan Jose
Miss Sullivan, San Jose Miss Kallen, San Jose
Jl, Oillis, Sacramento W V George, Sucto
J PGood, St Louis J H Hamil, i os Angeles
Hll Ballas, Kngland T A Hyland <fe w, Astoria
Q ¥ Ditzler, Biggs Mrs J H iiussner, Cal
MrsF V Bart els, Cal F Mason & w, Sacto
X A Booth, Or J H Melville, Los Ang
X J Clark, Los Ang W A Weldon, Han Pedro
E G Reed, Los Ang G H Flett, Slsson
E Smith <fe w. Oakland E W Kckhardi, Vlsalia
W F llfngnaldo, Merced M Walser, t'resno
J Buckingham, Ukiah G L Wilson, <ul
Mrs Browning, San Jose I N O'Neill <fc;w, Cal
A A Eberson, St Louis Mrs E O Plnney, lowa
Miss L X Pinney, lowa H B Nichols, Selby
J T Smith, Greenwood J W Scott, Los Ang
W X Cook. Eureka J B WiHou <fe w, Benlcia
Dr X G Case, Ukiah E X Lcake, Woodland
T W Linscott.SantaCruz
PALACE HOTEL.
T F Burghdorf, V 8 N H H Hunn, San Mateo
J P Leuanan, Chicago X W Vosburg, Buffalo
Mrs J X Stuhbs, Ueno Mrs X W Vosburgh, 3i "V
J E Stubbs, Ueno G W Harris, Va
F T Kelly, B C C F Lewis, Oakland
S B Ho well. Chic W R Moon, N V
A Mayer. Cal G H Evans & w, Cal
H C MHligan, NY J D Brown, N V
Miss Brown, N V X P Keating, Nev
D F Napier, London F H Davles, Honolulu
H W Daviea, Honolulu F Benman, Honolulu
I X Clivc, England W H Campbell, Kng
Mrs Campbell 4u, Eng J Wright &w, N V
J Thornton, N V Mias Thornton, N V
P Bum-11, NY ML Bunell, H V
W H Welch, Kogland J N Ferguson, Ireland
Miss Holmes, N Zealand C Wuhman <fe w, Humbre
H Willis, England R V Webster, Ceylon
W 8 Kaynor, England M Pollock, Scotland
\> Owen &. w, Londou J S Lehon, U » A
W E O'Donnell, L Ang W G Jrwin. Honolulu
J R Adams, Chic L 8 Kogen & w. Buffalo
J H Lenehan, Buffalo J W Kline, Phiia
G Hagar, Colusa
RUSS HOUSE.
J W Kingren. Pt Arena T a Peacock, San Rafael
J 8 France, Moreno B L Weston, Wilmington
W J Hess, Redondo W DMcKiDnon.RioVUta
Cap: Hind, Ecclechan L M Patterson, Sacto
John Williams, Sacto E P Newhall, Wash
J W Searles, Borax Lake W J Kenyon, Stockton
F Porter, Seattle E W Church, Truckee
Mrs N McGraw.Sta Crui G T McCurley, Salt Lake
J T Holloway, Mare Isld J V Ballev. Newman
J H Hill, Pl Townspnd T M Brown, Eureka
\V H Rowell, Eureka L vVorchtngion.Newman
W H Lindsay, St Paul J Swanson, St .Paul
1) A Sawyer. Hollister W Kde Jarnett, Colus*
j U Keamer, Idaho R Martin, Los Angles
J Cliem, Oakland J Conway, Lav nvillc
E France, Wash WCHancock.w <fc ch.Nev
W J Bogan, w & 2 rh. J Young, N Mez
salt Lake City 31 F CalUwell, Kans
i; <; Krskint, Sydney Johu Dillon. Sydney
Mrs Moloney, Sydney W Adams, Sydney
Mrs Adams, Sydney Mr Wane, Melbourne
W H Rowell. Eureka E 8 Bailey, « hicago
N F Winns & w.Keedley W N stout <t w, Reedley
Mary Davis, lnd J I. Wudswortb.Staßosa
A P Overtoil, Sta Rosa D Thompson Aw, Japan
LICK HOUSK.
X W Scott, Cal S Lazar & s, GraseValley
J A May, Chicago h H MePh»rrin, Chicago
W Green, Premou J M Shawhan. Los Aug
F oWiishburn.Calaveras M t Porter A w, i-resno
J R Houghion, Chico J L Deluiio, Kockliii
J J-' Pick, Merced L Cerf, Ventura
1 Drake, Cleveland Ede laCueMa.saniaC'roz
Mrs X llattou, Monterey Minn H llatton, Monterey
F i> NlcoL, Stockton X a West, sun-kton
X W Hay ue, .\ V H Marks. Sacto
A ('..minelii, Jackson FM Young. Seattle
N M Moran, Berkeley R Fryer, Berkeley
It M Dodse, Kenwood M dr la Cuestn, sta Cruz
D L Phillips, Hanford Mrs W Powell. Klmira
W U Hatton, Modesto Q J-' Buck, SLocktou
C S Wllcox <fe w, Chicago U I evy, Half Mooti Bay
N W Collins. Napu .uiss G E Burr, Cal
C M Coglan <fe w, Sscto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
1 J Crowley, San Rafael C E Metzger. N V
E P Dewey, Chicago G D Fox, Redwood
H G Kruuse, N V C L Mo oy, \N a*h
\V W McKay it w.Vallpjo I' \V Lamb, St Louis
T Hopper <£ w, Snta lisa F Luckenlmck, H y
J P Smith, N V A Loeffelmatz, Wls
G Pennycook, Vallrjo C F tolvinj Vallejo
D W Karvin, Vallejo W F Ford <fe w, Boston
F H Stevens, Boston S M i^tllavacca, >'apa
WH i onner, Ventura W 0 Douglass, St Louis
T Winchell, San Lucas C F Gllea. London
.-I A I- s-man«tw. Chicago H A Willlama, Colusa
f A Hogan, Florida G Millard, Portland
.NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C W Jolinsan, Oakland A Anderson, X Mexico
w A Prwliß& Eiislpville J C Smith, st Louis
T M Brown, W Louis E W Anderson, London
F Barne t it »f, - V J CumNky, Wutertown
F h Beavy, church vine J J Brown, Los Angeles
W .( Perry, Si Joseph X Donohue, San Jose
F A Smith, NY V A Hart, X V
.( W Kmerson. Oakland MG Edson, Oakland
C a SM-puens, Chicago M E Dolan, N.-w orli-ans
w J"o.d, Sacramento P W Morgan, Sausalito
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
MADERA GUN
CLUB MEMBERS,
Confidence in Their Winning
Honors at the Fresno
Shoot To-Day.
BIRDS AND BLUEROCKS.
All the Central Counties of the
Valley to Contest in the
Big Tournament.
IN SIX INTERESTING EVENTS.
First Annual Tournament of the
Fresno Sportsmen's Club— The
Crack Shots.
MADERA, Cal., May 9. -A great deal
of interest is taken here in the big bird
and bluerock shooting event at Fresno
to-morrow morning. Several counties will
be represented by teams, in fact all the
central valley counties are expected to
send their best gun shots. It is known
that at least the Sanger, Visalia, Hanford,
Fresno and Madera clubs will be well rop
resented at the tournament of the Fresno
Sportsman's Clnb. This is the first annual
event given by the Fresno ciub, but from
the evidences of success already shown, it
is pretty certain not to be the last annual
event. The tournament will begin at 9
o'clock in the morning at the Fair Grounds
in Fresno, and there are six features on
the programme. The first three of these
are with live birds, and the last three with
bluerocks, and there are substantial
puses for the first, second and third win
ner of each shoot.
None but members of gun clubs are eligi
ble to shoot, and the rules of the American
Shooting Association are to govern. H.
V. Armitage, A. F. Naber, A. Riley are
the members of the tournament commit
tee for the Fresno Sportsman's Club. Only
eight members of the Madera Club will
take part in the big inter-county shoot,
but it is quite likely that a very large per
centage of all the members will attend the
tournament as guests of the Fresno Club.
Madera's Club is composed entirely of
the well-known business and professional
men of this city.
D. B. Horace, president of the club, is
one of the largest vineyard ists and ranch
ers in this part of the country.
J. B. Meloche, the secretary and treas
urer, is the Public Administrator of Madera
County, and a real estate and insurance
broker. The other members of the club
are:
A. H. Woolery, a well-known citizen,
and the best shot in the county.
Francis A. Fee, ex-District Attorney.
John J. Roberts, ion of the president of
the Commercial Bank of Madera.
William Krohn, the County Tax Col
lector.
Joseph Barcroft, hardware merchant.
E. H. Cox, cashier Commercial Bank of
Madera.
S. T. Alderson, dealer in cigars and
tobacco.
R. L. Gryder, proprietor of tonsorial par
lors.
G. F. Cramer, retail liquor merchant.
W. F.^Waddell, wheelwright and wagon
maker.
B. C. Fisher, master mechanic in the
Madera sash, door and blind factory.
W. C. Tighe, clothing merchant.
8. D. Tooker, retail liquor dealer.
E. E. Wilcox, Auditor of Madera County.
E. Puph, proprietor of tonsorial parlors.
J. W. Rajesdale, dealer in general mer
chandise.
The Madera Gun Club is one of the in
stitutions of this city, and of the entire
county for that matter, and it is confident^
ly expected that the eight crack shots se
lected to take part in the tournament at
Fresno to-morrow will not return without
at least its fair share of prizes.
HOLD-UP AT SAN JOSE.
A Footpad Frightened by the Overturning
of His Intended Victim's
Carriage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 9.— An attempt
was made to hold up A. A. Smith, the
groceryman, at the corner of Willow street
and Myrtle avenue at a late hour last
night. Smith was driving home in a
buggy, and as he neared the corner a man
armed with two revolvers jumped out in
front of him and commanded him to halt.
The horse became frightened, and, wheel
ing suddenly, crpsized the buggy. This
was more than the robber expected, and
he fled in the darkness.
Smith was cauirht in the rig and dragged
about fifty feet. The horse was stopped
and put into its stable, but this morning
it was found that the animal's legs were
broken, and the horse will probably have
to be shot.
ATOCKTON AFFRAY.
Restaurant Cook btruck With an Ax by
Him Assistant.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 9.— A. W.
Booth, who has been employed as a res
taurant cook in Del Monte Rostaurant on
El Dorado street, was assaulted this morn
ing by John O'Keefe, a well-known char
acter about town, the latter using an ax
on his opponent. Bout u had to be taken
to a physician, who stitched an ugly
wound over the left eye inflicted by
O'Keefe.
O'Keefe was formerly janitor of the
courthouse and was well liked, but an un
fortunate love affair drove him to drink
and he has been going from bad to worse
for a loug time. He had been employed
for some time as an assistant to Booth and
when the latter remanded biru for neglect
ing bis work la«t night he picked up an ax
and struck Booth across the head with it.
VISALIA'S CHINESE WAR.
flow Gee Accuses His Slayer* in an
Ante-Mortetn Statement.
VISALIA, Cal., May 9.— How Gee died
this morning from the effects of a bullet
wound received last evening at the hands
of Chun Joke. This afternoon he made a
dying statement to the effect that he was
shot by Chun Joke with a pistol, also im
plicating Chun John, Cuun Joe and Chun
Cheun, alias Hani Choy.
• Constable' Broder fast night arrested
Chun John, the manager of Quong Chong
Company's store. To-day he arrested
Chun Cheun, alias Sam Choy, and he ex
pects to secure the real culprit before
morning. Chinatown is at fever heat.
Able counsel has been engaged by both
factions. • • • ■
Raymand't AVtP Hotel.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 7.— Wal-
ter Q. Raymond, who is now in Santa Bar
bara, exhibits plans drawn by a local ar
chitect fora fine hotel building, the erec
tion of which, he asserts, tie will soon be
gin in Santa Barbara. Mr. Raymond has
not yet dcci led upon the hotel's location,
but "the plans show a commodious and
picturesaue structure, the inside arrange
ments arid accessories to mate it one of
the model hotels of the coast.
THE WENTERFILLE TRIAL.
Round Talleyites Proving Alibis in the
littlefield Lynching Case.
WEAVERVILE, Cal., May 9.— ln the
Littleiield lynching case to-day the prose
cution put on the stand a large num
ber of witnesses from southwestern
Trinity County and the neighborhood of
Round Valley, who testiiied as to their
whereabouts on the day that "Jack"
Littlefield met his death.- The purpose of
the prosecution was to prove that there
could not have been a mob present at the
forks of the road where Littlefield was
lynched.
Early in the afternoon this line of testi
mony was closed and the court took a
recess until Monday morning, when, it is
thought, the prosecution will be ready to
close.
Sale of an Arizona Mine.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 9.—With
out giving exact liguresand with many in
junctions to secrecy the news is given out
here by those in a position to know that
the Pearce mine, south of Willcox, Ariz.,
will be bought outright at once by the
bondholders, without waiting for the expi
ration of the bond. The entire Pearce
family have gone to San Francisco on the
strength of these great expectations. The
figures are in the neighborhood of $250,0*30.
LUBIN SEEKS A DIVORCE
Papers Filed in Which His
Wife Is Charged With
Adultery.
Ex-Mayor Steinman Named as Co
respondent — The Complainant a
Well-Known Merchant.
David Lubin of the firm of Weinstock <fc
Lubin of Sacramento has filed papers for
divorce from his wife, on the ground of
adultery, naming ex-Mayor Ben U. Stein
man of Sacramento as co-respondent.
Mrs. Lubin has left the City for the East.
It is stated that Mrs. Lubin s objection
able conduct has been going on for three
years past, though it was only recently
that her husband secured sufficient defi
nite evidence to warrant the institution of
the suit.
There are five children, and it is said to
be Mr. Lubin's purpose to take them East
this evening, so as to eet them out of the
wav before the matter becomes public
through publication in the newspapers.
It is further reported that recently Mr.
Lubin placed detectives on the track of
his wife, and that the evidence thus pro
cured brought about the immediate filing
of the papers in the suit.
These have heen in the County Clerk's
custody some time, but no one has been
permitted to have access to them.
About eight months ago Mr?. Lyons,
the mother of Mrs. Lubin, died and left to
each of her children quite a sum of money.
The firm of Weirrstock, Lubin <fc Co. has
been in existence in Sacramento for about
a quarter of a century.
Mr. Lubin is the author of the proposi
tion to have the Government pay a
bounty on wheat exported to foreign coun
tries.
MISS BELINFANTE WEDS,
Sequel to the Sensational Love
Story of the Blind Italian
Singer.
They Met Two Months Ago in Hong
kong and He Fell in Love at
First Sight.
The sequel to a romantic story of love at
first sight took place yesterday when
Estelle Belinfante, the blind contralto,
was married to R. Edminster, the Wfll
known agent, who has arranged for her
concerts since her arrival here from the
Orient.
Of course the expression, "Love at first
sight," must be used advisedly in the
young lady's case, because she is slowly
losing even the sense of distinguishing
day from night, and could not tell, except
from the remarks of other people, what a
dashing, good-looking young fellow Ed
minster was.
It was the agent who fell in iove at first
sight and made love so persistently that
his ardor was rewarded yesterday by the
marriage above mentioned.
The couple met about two months ago
in Hongkong. Edminster, who has been
for live years with the well-known im
pressario, Major Pond, had gone to the
Orient as agent for Ovide Musin, and was
atxmt to embark for home again when he
met the handsome young contralto, who
had just come from a successful concert
tour in Japan and Siberia.
Miss Belinfante's lady companion, wno
had accompanied her from Europe, had
contracted malaria in Hongkong and had
been forced to return to Italy. The singer
was alone and very helpless, in spite of
ncr independent spirit, when she and
Edminister met on the eve of embarkation
for San Francisco.
The agent fell in love on the spur of the
moment, and he was filled with satisfac
tion to learn that Miss Belinfante was to
sail in the steamer in which he had ar
ranged to travel. There were a thousand
ways in which he could render himself
useful and acceptable to her on the voy
age, and he did not neglect one of them.
He carried her deck chair, helped her
up and down tlie stairways, wrote her let
ters, read her correspondence and in fact
made himsalf almost indispensable to the
blind singer.
Since arriving in San Francisco the ar
dent swain has not slackened any of his
attentions, and though Miss Belinfante
was at first inclined to look upon him
with a merely platonic regard the mar
riage yesterday proves that he has it last
succeeded in persuading her to change her
opinion.
The fact is that the young lady has been
exceptionally sought after, and Edrninater
knew that his only chance lay in captur
ing his lady-iove wuile she was under the
spell of all the good offices and little
attentions he has so patiently performed
for tier.
Tne bride and groom leave to-day for
Chicago, where Mrs. Edminster will re
sume ncr profession of concert-giving.
Blazing Brandy.
A still alarm was turned in to Chemical En
gine No. 3 for a fire in Joseph Bender & Co.'s
wholesale liquor house, at 310 Sacramento
street, at 12:30 this morning.
When the firemen arrived arrived they found
that a couple of barreiS of cognac had caught
fire. The barrels were rolled into the street.
It was impossible to extinguish the flames,
and tne lire had to be allowed to burii itseh
out.
There was no damage to the building, but
the liquor destroyed was valued at about
$500.
SANTA BARBARA
DEAD ACCUSED,
Sensational Verdict in the
Joseph A. Kenny
Will Case.
VICTORY OF THE WIDOW
A Jury Declares That She Was
Defrauded by Her Late
Husband.
SIGNED AWAY THE PROPERTY.
Robbed by a Clause Inserted in a
Conditional Deed Before His
Death.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 9.— For
many months past an interesting caee, in
volving laree interests and important
legal issues, has been before the Superior
Court of this county, furnishing the text
for five separate suits. In 1892 Joseph A.
Kenney, a wealthy resident of this city,
died, leaving property valued at $65,000.
W. S. Parks and J. C. Kenney were ap
pointed executors of the estate, and when
the widow came to receive her portion she
was shown a deed executed by her husband
before his death and bequeathing his entire
estate to some thirty nephews and nieces,
leaving her only a life interest. To her
surprise she was confronted by her own
signature affixed to this document.
Mrs. Kenney remembered signing a deed
conveying to her husband all of her prop
erty in case her demise occurred during his
lifetime. This document, which was read
to her at the time she affixed her signature,
was a part of a mutual agreement, her
husband at the time making a similar con
veyance to her conditional upon her sur
vival of his death.
She absolutely denied having ever heard
or seen the clause limiting her interest in
the estate to a life lease and claimed that
this portion of the document she signed
was not read to her, nor would she
have signed it had she known it was em
bodied in the conveyance.
The two deeds were executed June 1,
1893. They were drawn by W. S. Bouton,
and by him read to Mrs. Kenney. The is
sues involved in the present case were
submitted to a jury and were decided as
follows:
First— Was the clause limiting the estate
granted to Mrs. Sarah J. Kenney to a life es
tate inserted therein with the knowledge of Jo
seph A. Kenney?
Answer— Yea.
Second— Was the said clause inserted in the
deed fraudulently as against Mrs. Keuney?
Answer— Yes.
Third— Did Joseph A. Kenney know or sus
pect that Mrs. Kenney believed 'the said deed
to be an absolute deed in fee simple?
Answer— Yes.
These decisions end the first chapter in
what bids fair to become a celebrated case.
They carry a grewsome suggestion, inas
much as they directly charge the dead
man with a felonious act. All of the es
tate involved was really Mrs. Kenney 's
separate property, being purchased with
$65,000 belonging to her at the time of her
marriage. An Indiana farm which was
her husband's separate property was
deeded by him to his own heirs with her
full consent and knowledge.
A New York florist has just paid ?10,000
for the sole rights to the Michigan carna
tion known as "Murella." It is a very
large flower of a deep- red color.
Just in the
Nick of Time
Another Week and William Hinchet of
Pasadena, Cal., Would Have Been
in a Serious Difficulty.
THE DOCTORS ALL DISAGREED.
A Singular Recovery From a Horrible
Stomach Trouble Which. Surpasses <
Many Fiction Stories— lt Is Vouched
for by Reputable People.
Every one knows that Pasadena is one
of the Dleasantlv situated resorts of Cali-
fornia. To the Eastern man it is a dream.
Midwinter sees fruits and flowers, luscious
and sweet-scented, in the open air. It is
his elysium. Nevertheless, in this veri-
table garden-spot one can have serious
trouble. William Hinchet comes from
the city of Chicago — big wind, lake and
bustle. He knew no one in Pasadena.
He came in search of health, and for a
time he prospered as well as any one
conld wish for. About two weeks ago he
was seized with colic and cramps and had
to call in a physician immediately. A
prescription was given to nim, and it was
thought that he would pull through in the
night and be fresh and easy by morning.
M< rning came, but Hincbet suffered still.
This began to look serious.
It was necessary to relieve the bowels,
as it was discovered that Hinchet had
been suffering from Chronic Constipation.
Temporary relief was afforded him, but
he grew worse. The doctors disagreed. It
was on the advice of an old woman that
Hinchet began to use a medicine called
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
He took repeated doses of this herb rem-
edy in the night, and the next morning
his bowels began to move freely. Since i
this time Mr. Hinchet has been using
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA,
and now he is well and doing well. He
praised the HOME REMEDY,
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAMRILU.
Though the doctors remained puzzled.
WHY JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSA-
PARILLA IS SO EFFECTUAL IN CON-
STITUTIONAL TREATMENT. In it
you have the active principles of Vegeta-
ble drugs that act directly and mildly on
the organs of digestion, the li/er, kidneys
and bowels. It contains no mercury,
iodide of potash, to ruin the membranes
of the stomach and bowels and to cause
your bones to ache.
Beware of lodide or Potassium. No
good Sarsaparllla contains lodide of
Potassium,
NEW TO-DAT.
Has Been the Practice of Medicine
and Surgery in San Francisco
by Dr. Sweany.
THE STORY OF HIS SUCCESS.
The Great Specialist Has Made Life Anew to Thousands and Tens
of Thousands Who Had Been Given Up by Other Physi-
cians — His Specialties and Mode of Treatment.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
By his skill as a specialist Dr. Sweany has completely revolutionized
the practice of medicine and Sursrery In San Francisco.
Standing to-day as he does far In advance of any specialist or medical
Institution In the country, his wonderful success and skill Is the out-
growth of several conditions by which alone what he has done in San
Francisco could be accomplished.
First, the qualifications with which nature has endowed him, as evi-
denced by his keen perception Into the mysteries of all diseases with
which those who apply to him are afflicted. He is thus enabled to clearly
distinguish the exact character of the complaint and to conceive the
proper and most effective kind of treatment for Its entire cure.
Second, he Is wholly devoted to his profession, havingr no other desire
for achievement than to make still grander the complete success which
he has thus far attained. His great stability of character, his unceasing
study and untiring energy to accomplish that which he sets out to do,
together with many more great and noble qualities which one soon recog-
nizes In him, all serve to advance him In his most worthy ambition.
Third, his great advantages of study and experience In the leading and
best colleges and hospitals In the land, where he served In all depart-
ments and where his great natural ability was acknowledged In all
branches as being superior to his quite worthy, but] less successful asso-
ciates, have all helped to assist him in his work.
Is It any wonder that with all of these advantages In his favor, natural
ability, study, experience and a mind devoted to his profession. Dr.
Sweany should have achieved his enviable reputation for curing distress-
Ing and obstinate cases which had been given up as Incurable ?
The Doctor has made a life-long study and practice of all sexual ail-
ments of young, middle-aged and old men. He also gives special attention
to diseases of the eye, ear, head, heart, throat, stomach, liver and bowels,
kidneys, bladder and urinary organs. His success In the treatment of all
these diseases has been really phenomenal, and what Is more he guaran-
tees a perfect cure in every case heundertakes.
As yet no case of failure can be discovered against him, and such abil-
ity and skill to combat and conquer all diseases of men and women have
never before been demonstrated.
The Doctor's services are certainly of great value, and if any one thing
be worth more than any thins: else It is certainly the services of a compe-
tent and successful physician and specialist, who never loses sight of a
single case until a perfect and permanent cure Is effected. Those who
are afflicted should not waste time, money and health dosing with cheap
treatments, cheap medicines and nostrums.
Altogether, Dr. Sweany as a man is truly upright, conscientious" and
charitable. As a physician he Is thoroughly competent, earnest and suc-
cessful, and any and all persons who may be suffering from any human
ailments whatever will do themselves a great Injustlce'iflthey do not call
upon him, even If their troubles have resisted all other efforts to cure. His
ALMOST PHENOMENAL SUCCESS
Curing diseases has convinced the greater part of the people of the civilized
world that nine-tenths of the chronic or lingering diseases of both men and
women can be thoroughly and permanently cured. In his treatment of the
following ailments, as well as all special nervous and private diseases, he
has invariably been successful in effecting permanent cures :
Fidnotre Inflammation of the kidneys,
fVlUllCjDi Bright's disease, diabetes, conges-
tion of the kidneys, uraemia, gravel, stone, all
scientifically and successfully treated.
Qioriria* ' Inflammation, cystitus, cysterrhea,
OlQUilcr. catarrh of the bladder. The dis-
tressing diseases invariably yield to his system
of treatment.
V va AH cases of ««cute or chronic inflamma-
"]*» tion, far or near slghtedness, dimness of
vision, scrofulous eye, closing of the eyeduct,
squinting, cross-eyed, wild hairs, syphilitic sore
eyes, granulated lids, tumor, cancer of the lids,
etc ,-.V.->.
Vn V Deafness from catarrh, singing or roar-
Hal. ing noises, thickened drum, inflamma-
tion of external ear, purulent discharging from
ear, etc.
Uflnii Neuralgia, sick, nervous or congestive
nCaU. headache, dull, full feeling, loss of
memory, dizziness, softening of tne brain,
tumors and eczema of the scalp.
Thrnat Catarrhal sore' throat, acute and
lillUdL chronic pharyngitis, enlarged tonsils
and palate, hoarseness, loss of voice, thick
phlegm in throat, causing hawking.
f nncJc Consumption in the first and second
LiuUgs, stages, hemorrhages and chronic bron-
chitis, dry and loose coughs, pains in chest,
difficulty in breathing, hcpatlzations, asthma,
etc. V-;
ifpoff Valvular diseases, and fatty heart,
nCu.ll. dropsy and rheumatism of heart, lan-
■ quid circulation, etc.
Young Men Who Are troubled with nerv-
lOUlJg Weil HUO AHS oiis debility, exhaust-
ing drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to
society, stupidness, despondency, loss of
energy, ambition and self-confidence, which
deprive you of your manhood and absolutely i
unfit you for study, marriage or business.
If you are troubled with any of the above symptoms call or write to Dr.
Sweany. Thmi*itinls cured at home by correspondence ami medicine m<:it. Office
Hours— 9 to 19 A. M. and 3to 5 aud 7toBP. M. Sundays— lO to laA. M. ouly.
ADDRESS :
F.L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 D^Carlcet Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Cfnmaph Catarrh, ulceration and acid dys-
OIUWatU. pepsia, indigestion, pain and full-
ness after eating, heartburn, waterbrash and
difficulty in swallowing.
I iwop Qhloßit AH diseases of the liver,
lillCl, opiGGU. spleen, bowels, all nervous
and reflex disorders, rheumatism and. all sVin
diseases, eczema, salt rheum, ringworm, hip-
joint disease, old sores, fever sores, stiff joint,
hare lip, spinal irritation, nervous prostration.
Pnntnpo Piles, fistula, vartcocele, hydrocele
i.uyiUlC. and all swelling and tenderness
quickly cured without pain or detention from
business.
Heart, Brain and Nerves. JUSJ^oYVS
head, palpitation of the heart, difficult breath-
ing and suffocating feeling, fullness of the
head, a tired, irritable, discontented feeling,
fear of impending danger or death, a dread
of being alone or the reverse — to be
alone, if your memory is failing and you are
gloomy and despondent, or if you dream
much or often and feel an aversion to
society, you are suffering from a seri-
ous disease of the nerves, brain and heart.
You have no time to lose. Call at once and
consult the old Doctor.
Diseases of Women. If n ftre suffering
UlbCdbeb 01 HUiilCll. from any of the diseases
peculiar to your sex, such as falling or dis-
placement of the womb, leucorrhea, suppressed
or painful menstruation, inflammation or
ulceration, bloat headaches, spinal weak-
ness or any 'disease of the geriito-urinary or-
gans, call or write to him, and no will tell you
just what can be dono for you.
Middle-Aged- Men Who Are troubled with
raiuuie-H h eu men nuu rue wea k, aching
back and kidneys, frequent painful urination's
and pediment in urine, impotencv and other
j unmistakable signs of nervous debility aud
1 premature decay.
56
DOWNED A HOT FAVORITE
Imp. Candid Headed G. B. Morris
Out for the Rich Spreckels
Handicap.
WOETH $5000 TO THE WINNER
Cabrillo Wins, Starting a Favorite.
Olive Was Too Speedy for a
Crowd of Sprinters.
The black Australian mare Candid fur
nished tfce racing surprise at Ingleside
yesterday. With but two starters in the
rich $7500 Spreckels handicap, over a dis
tance of four miles, having as an only
com etitor the bay colt G. B. Morris, a son
of the immortal Longfellow, she won in a
manner that stamped her as a rarer far
above the common. Of the original
twenty-seven entries to the stake G. B.
Morris, carrying Ed Corrijran's gieen col
ors, and the Australian matron sporting
the colors of A. B. Spreckels, president of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, were all
that remained to contest for the prize. The
race was a surprise from the fact that the
most ardent friends of the black mare
thought that Bhe might possibly make a
fair showing for übout two miles at the
most and then occupy a reserved scut and
see Mr. Corrigan's horse finish the run
amid the plaudits of the va;-t multitude.
However, nothing of the l:ind happened
The bookmakers laid 1 to 6 against G. B.
Morris and ti to 1 against Candid.
From a spectator's point of view the
race was a very pretty one. Tbe duo
raced lapped, with Mdrris making the
running until about three furlongs from
the wire. Piggott, on Cundid, here made
his run, and heading Morrifl in the stretch
had no difficulty in beating him out by
half a length in 7:24^.
The Corrigan entry finished much dis
tressed, but Candid was as frisky us a kit
ten at the tin.su. The time is within
three-quarters of a second of that made by
imp. Star Ruby when he defeated Gilead
on Washington's birthday of the present
year; but considering the track, which is
much slower than the li^htnine-fast clayey
course at the Bay District, and the strong
wind that \vas blowing, the winner's per
formance is conceded to be the best ever
made on tbe Pacific Coast.
The long distance event attracted a great
crowd of racegoers and the bookmakers
did a land office business. But three of
the seven favorites captured purses, yet
the ring had a very rough day of it, nearly
all of the pencilers quitting behind on the
day's speculating.
Fourteen two-year-olds sported silk in
the opening four and a half furlong scram
ble. Hohenzollern, the Eimwood slock
farm's representative, ruled a 2 to 1 choice,
and ridden out he beat Kachaei, the Corri
gan entry, a length. Widow Jones was a
close third.
The mile and a sixteenth handicap
called out but live s'arters. Cabrillo, who
carried the majority of the coin, bet at
odds of 4 to 5, made nearly all of the
running, and at the end headed St. Lee
out by a neck in the fast time of I:4BJ£.
Nebuchadnezzar was a good third.
From an observer's view of it in the bet
ting ring Hello was a "moral" for the
hurdle race, a flood of coin forcing his
odds down from threes to a 7 to 5 favorite.
In the first run for home he was easily
beaten out by the 2 to 1 second choice,
Montdlvo, ridden by George Cochran. who
was given out as a "dead one." Aruudel
was third.
Following the big four-mile race was a
six-furlong sprinting dash, and Yankee
Doodle again disappointed his followers.
Starting au 8 m o favorite he showed
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter neeting. Ingleside Track. Eighty-first day Saturday
Hay 9. 1896. Weather fine. Track good. y '
.0.3.
our an
half furlongs; niai
en two-year-olds ; conditions; purse (400.
Index.
Index, i Horse, weight. St. V* h<2 j % «tr. Fin. Jockeys. !! Q Bet
Horse, weight.
St.
V*
Jockeys.
I Betting.
,Op. CL
tting.
< : ' 1 j i^k-
, .—________
1145 Hohenzollern 113 4 3h 32 1 li/i Coady ' \~3
30 Kachael 110 '_• 62 6 2h" Cochran..... "! '50
130 Widow Jones 110 7 4V. 5 3 8 2 Ames 15
1118 Diabllla 01 " 7 7 4h Peoples'.'.".".".'.'.!!." 15
1130 Tortoise 113 9 10 8 6Vi McClain. I 8
1118 Sharon Lass 100 3 2 h 2 1 61 Piggott ! H
1130 Lauraßuru 110 8! 11 4% 73 Mac-:..n..!!!'."" 6
Horatio 113 1 lh lh 8 C.Weber '! 6
"•:•„- Halsey., 11:- 14 ( 14 13 9 Burns 10
1130 Maraqnlta 110 13 9 7 10 Beau Cham p..... 50
1112 Wieland lO.< 6| 12 12 11 Casey ...._. 50
1112 Oratls 103 5 .-. Sh 10 112 Johnson. 20
1118 Desna. 110 12 8 11 13 snider 10
1051 I Santa Paula 110 11 13 14 14 Martin ' " 3
11-5
50
15
25
12
8
8
8
20
200
150
100
8
7-2
starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, Elm wood stock farm's b. c., by imp. Brutus-Brown
Maria. Time, :50V-;-
I j^C VKCONij Act— One and a sixteenth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse
Index, j Korse, age, weight. I St. | Std.
Index. ! Korse, age, weight. I St. | Std. i 3/± Iy, % j Str. Fin. Jockeys. I Betting.
°p. ci.
11.7 Cubrillo, 4 10* 4 81 12|11i13 14 I 1 y2y 2 Coadv 4^5 7UO
(1137; Hi. Lee. 3 104 il 2u 4h 4h 134 3« 2 a Johnson. 8-5 1
WA Nebhadnpzzar, 4. 90 5 5 'J 3 2 2 2 5 23' 315 But er . ." 6 15
13 3.' Fair Faith, 4 JOO S 4%! 6 5 4i>; 4% 42 Pitteurt . " ' * i
1148 jA. Spreckels.3... 94' 1 lh ;32 3h 5 | 8 | 6 Frawlpy ...'. 6 10
Starting-Rate nsed. SVOII driving. Wtuner, R. Van Brunt's b. c, by r-t. Savlour-!mi>. Lizzie Hainn-
ton. Time, 1:48V4- *Coupled with St. I#i'. *
L 157 S4O0 KD KACK ~° De and a l ua «er mileg, over five hurdles; four-year-olds and up; purse
Index. I Horse, age, weight, j St. j Std. *4 Va 'A I Sir. I Fin. Jockeys. lo "ci
.____« _______________ _______ P* Ol«
(7121) Montalvo, 5 168 7 4 2 4 2 <3h 8 2 22 1U |Cocbran ~ ~2 B^6
1138 ; Hello, 4.. 137; 111 II 114 11 12 2? Clancy _ 2 7-5
1096 Arundel,s 132 4 3 1% 3 % 21 2h 31A 310 Cuddy ...".'...i.'".' 3 6
1090 Nellie (i. a 129 2 2h '2 h 4 :Vi 4 6 444 Swift ....V..".::::".'. 10 15
(1138),Kassanio, a 139 6 62 51 5 8 510 610 6 A 'Martinm . . 6 8
1020 iYangedene. 5 1*25 5 5V 3 |6 tt 6 4 10 6 620 M3ynard '.'.'.'. 50 B'J
1088 My Luck, a 140 37 10 7 7 7 7 7 Owens " ". 10 12
1088 Lochlnvar.6 125 1 8 8 » .. .. Lloyd 30 60
Htarting-gate us^d. Won eaai'.y.
:24i£. 'Fell at second hurdle.
Winner, Kzeil & Cochran's b. h.. by Sid-May Belle. Time,
1 1 PiQ FOi.nTH RACK— Four mQe 8: tbree-year-olds and upward; handicap; Bpreckeis stakes,
J 11/ v« VBIU6 f DuUUt
Index. J Horse, age, weight, j St. j l^M. 9M. j :!M. I\ 3 j -Sir. j Fin. j Jockeys. lop"""^!
Jockeys.
netting.
I Op. Cl.
1132 Incp Candid, a... 97 1 !'2 .'j B 2 I 1 ».; PUcoU 5 5
(1127)! Q. B. Morrla, 4... 98j 2ln |l 64, ii^ ji n/ 2 i h 2 \<Jo%Ay ..'.'.l:'.'.'.::.'.'. 110 1-7
Startimr-gate used. Won driving. Winner, A. B. SpreckeU' imp. bJk. m., by Imp. Splendor-
159 FIFTH KACK - :ix furlougs; selling; all ages; penalties; purse 9400.
Index.! Hone. age. weight bt. V* Va % Sir. Fin. Jockeys. Bettln &
(1147) Olive, 4 102 1 3h 44 46 1 1 (ochran "fi-2 Ih2
1141 IpMlssßrurnm'l,B 97 2 In lh 3 2 2 2U, Pi«rirnif 3 7 v
144 Yankee Doodle, 395 3 5 2% lh 33 % iXiey'" '"" 8 5 It
1147 Afflatus. 3 !.. 90! 4 4 » 3 3*' 2n 41 Brown 10 X
1148 Instigator, 3 95 5 514 62 64 66 B™UerV. 10 15
112« Peru. 3 100 « 6 10 j 620 620 6SO Martin 10 12
1140 Soda Cracker, 5.. 109 7 7 7 7 7 >arv£,:."!!!!! 100 2 0
Starting-gate used.
Won handily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. f., by Ap«-he-Vlrgie.
lime, 1:16.
1160.
SIXTH KACE— .~ix furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $iOO.
Index. Horse, age, weight. Kt. 1/4.
y» *a
I
Str.
Fin. j
j Betting.
I Op. Cl.
Jockey.
— —
.
1146 M osier, 3 97 1
1092 Vlrgie A, 8. 95 6
1143 Irmt. 4 107 2
1131 |Joe CottOD, a 11l 7
1140 I Miss Pollard, 3... 95 11
1132 |Ida Kauer, 4 107 8
1151 |K«<J Pike, 3 97 S
1098 I Rodegap. 4 109 9
103U JHarry Lewis, 6...111 5
1143 |«c leof»tnewll,4.lo7 4
300 Keno,a. 113 10 1
]Drum Jlajor, 5...111| 12 I
21 2 1 2 1 14 PUfcott....... 2
»Y 3 3 1 33 2i£ Johnson!!!! 8
IVi 11 lh V» Martin 10
41 4ti 62 43 Ames. 30
*2} .Si I B6 fchepard. j h
91 1"-^ 9 6 6 h»mp.... 60
6h .?%- «%- 7« rtawley...!:.... 6
il.; 11 11 82 IWiren 15
6h 7 2 8 9 1 Given '.'.'. 30
73 63 6h 1010 McOlaln 8
8 3 9 2 10 11 20 U. Weber .... "12
12 12 12 12 Snider 2
11-6
8
12
40
10
15
8
25
100
8
16
2
Starting-gate used. Won driving. W
inner, A. B. fcpreckels* b. «., by Flambeau-Moselle.
Time,
LI6J WBVMWB KACii-su furlongs; selling; three-year-oldi and up: conditions; purse f 4OO.
Index. Horse, age. weight, j St.] 1/4 */i 3 A Str. Fin. Jockeys. , hetl
_________ ' _____ _________ _________ ______ .________. __________ vp*
1151 Candor, 4. 1071 2 2V* 3 3 t 6»A IVi Mac'klin H
,ii« TimMnrphy.....m 4 8 2* si 1 h 2 i a mS^::::::; 1
1146AbiP,a 109 7 7n 6h 4Vi 3V, shopard 15
1128 5 109 10 10 V, 10 4 8 4% Snider . ... 4
1097 Tonino. 3 971 9 .. ... 6it 61 6 62 Johnson 4
1142 Warrant. 11l 5 .... Si% 9. 9 68 Glover 15
1129 Ip.Fu!lrtnLas ,s.lo9| 6 6$ 7h 7 74 few. •.■. I" 10
1143 Venus, 4 107 1 1_? 11 i z 1 86 Martin 15
lOK4 Mt. Air, 4 109 8 93 8% 10 93 Frawley i
880 Rico, a...... ......11l 31 11 11 11 104 n.Y::""- 16
1077 Clari Wilson, 3.. 9, 3 \\\ 41 fix 31 12 * rigiroii... i:.::. *J
1134 Favory, 4 112 left ..-.-, .'. ;.-..'...* C.Weber!! 4
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bettinc
Op. Cl.
tine.
Cl.
10
2
11
15
4
20
10
21)
15
40
6
8
K tar ting-gate used.
1:16 ' 1
Won driving. Winner, F. Phillips' Mk. f., by Imp. Darebln-Miss Clay. Time,
prominently in the front rank during
most of the running with the others and
then finished third. Olive, the 2to 1 sec
ond choice, slipped through next the rail
tbe last furlong and passed the judges an
easy winner over imp. Miss Brummel
in 1:15.
Twelve 8 -lling-platers started in a six
furlong run that was sixth on the card.
In a hard drive Mosier, who went to the
post 2 to 1, equal choice with Drum Major,
took the race by half a length from Virgie
A. Drum Major, the other favorite, was
nearly left at the post through bad be
havior.
The final race of the day, also over six
furlongs, was taken very handily hy the
9 to 1 shot, C.indor, ridden by Macklin.
Tim Murphy, the 2 to 1 favorite, finished
second, half a length in front of Abi P.
Fourteen Carpenters Strike.
The efforts of the Buiidinc Trades Council
to unionize all the shops and j <bs in town are
meeting with more encouragement every day.
Yesterday there was an Interesting strike on
the job on Fourth and Welsh streets caused by
the appearance of a gang of non-union
painters. Fourteen carpenters went out ana
refused to work ou an unfair job. This piece
of work has caused much trouble to the
unions. First there was tbe lathers' troubles,
which lasted until recently, and now the car
penters are out on uccount of the non-union
painters. ____________________
STOCKS QUIET YESTERDAY.
Reported Embarrassment of Two
More Brokers Because of
the Rise.
Wheelbarrows to Be Supplanted by
Flat Cars on the Brunswick
Lode in a We k Hence.
It was reported on the street yesterday
afternoon that two other brokers had been
smitten with the dollar rise in Conistocks
and had fallen by the wayside. But it
was expected that both brokers would be
able to make a compromise with their
creditors and settle matters amicably.
Hence the matter was kept very quiet.
There were no new developments in the
matter of the failure of Harris and Atkin
son, and no news was given out in relation
thereto. It is understood that their de
iicits are in a fair way to be settled quietly.
It was dull in stocks also, but a very
small volume of businebs being done. The
brokers were engaged in settling up, squar
ing accounts and finding out where they
stood since the dollar earthquake struck
the peanut-stand on Pine street.
When the reported strike in Chollar, on
the Brunswick lode, was made, the ore
j was being removed in wheelbarrows.
Since then the work of laying a railroad
track has been begun in order that solid
chunks of cold and silver may beinovd
on curs. The work of tracklaying will
! consume a week.
There is a disposition in certain high
quarters to boom the Chollar in particular
and the leading Comstocks in general.
The boom is to be inaugurated by pushing
the work on favorable looking drifts on
the Brunswick lode, so it is said. The gen
[ eral impression is that a rise in stocks is
I necessary for the purpose of attracting
I cai'ital to the mines and stimulating busi
! ness in California and on the Comstock.
The fact tliat a large quantity of capital is
available in t:iis City and State seeking in
vestment is pointed out as an indication
of returning prosperity when coupled with
a rise in mining value.
The bulls dec'are that the recent rise is
caused by a s-trike of ore on the Bruns
wick loJe. and that on Monday there
will be a big advance. The bears say
that the strike, if any there was, did not
amount to anything, and that on Monday
something will drop. Yesterday Chol
lar sold at $1 95 and $2, Con. Ca"l. & Va.
$2 75 and $2 95, and Occidental at $1 55 and
j $1 70.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
BURLINGAME VICTORIOUS
The Club Team Defeats River
side at Polo Before
Society Folk.
SCORE WAS TWELVE TO TWO.
Visitors Not in Fit Condition for the
Game— Brilliant Play Greatly
Eojoyed.
Society tnrned ont in Btimmer dresses
and horsy suits yesterday at Burlingame
to see the polo game between the club and
the Riverside team.
Society was on the field in fours-in-hand,
drags and open carriages, in dogcarts and
afoot, and enjoyed the exciting and whole
some diversion hugely.
Dropping into the fragrant fields of a
balmy afternoon was the first pleasurable
experience of a few hundred ladies and
gentlemen, after a run of half an hour
from the windy City. They went to
Burlingame in a special train, and imme
diately upon their arrival frisky polo
ponies began to appear on the grounds.
At the same time, too, the country con
tingent came upon the scene, accompanied
with rattling and rumbling of heavy drags
and heralded by the horn.
VV.S. Hobart's handsome four-in-hand
entered first at a speedy gait, driven by
Mrs. C. A. Spreckels; then eaine the prize
winning coach of C. A. Baldwin, who
held the reins, and presently the ciub
four-in-hand dashed up tv the roped,
driven by Mrs. J. b. Tobin. Lesa pretentious
equipages pulled up in the anclosure,
while the City visitors were making them
selves comfortable on the chairs and grand
stand, and then a horn called the players
into line.
Everything was in readiness for the
game. The stand was decorated with red
and blue bunting, the ground was in ex
cellent condition with enough grass to
keep down dust and sutiicient open soil to
make It easy aud sure for the ponies.
The game was calieu hi 2:46 o'clock, and
from that minute until tiie finish it was
majiniticent sport. While the teams were
not evenly matched and the play was con
sequently lacking in that quality of sus
pense and sustained interest which gives
zest to the con diet, it was accentuated at
frequent intervals with daxing runs and
spurts. So it was a spirited struggle with
Burlingaruf, the winning team, at its best,
and the Riverside men a close second. It
was evident ihtit the losing team's weak
ness was in bad form, ag.-iinst which oads
their skillful and dashing piay wan at
fault. They were all a trifle heavy and
not trained down like their competitors.
The ponies were an iniportaut factor in
the scores, for the Burlingame men had a
change at every inning, and possibly many
superior ponies also. 'Ihe result was a
score of 1^ for Buriingame against 2 for
Riverside.
Walter S. Hobart, R. M. Tobin, J. 8.
Toliin and Walter McCreery made up the
Burlingaine team. Gk L. Waring, R. L.
Bettuer, H. Maud and 0. K. Maud the
Riverside team. John Lawson was time
keeper and Captain A. Fane-Wamewright
v moire.
In the first inning the ball went into
Riverside territory, and after two minutes
through the coal, on Hobart's furious pla\ .
Riverside tooK the ball away next, but
Burlingame interfered when Hobart put it
clear over the players. Joe Tobin caught
it, after a hot fight between the teams,
lie was on Cigarette, and won a goal lor
Buriingame. This made two goals in ten
minutes.
Rivorside went in determined to win
and showed they could give a spirited
fight, in which the ball went back and
forth across the field until caught in a
funny scrimmage near tbe Burlingame
goal. Hobart got it again and made a
goal, the third in twenty-five minute*.
In the next innings the gains went in
favor of Riverside, until Joe Tobin caught
the ball and with an exciting dash took it
clear across the field ahead of all to the
Burlingame goal.
The visitors were uneasy, and no sooner
was the ball tossed off than it fell to Bett
ner, who led his opponents a merry race
and got a goal in one minute. He was
cheered for this exhibition of riding and
pretty playing.
Walter Hobart dashed off with the next
ball, which Joe Tobin picked up after his
miss. Tobin was well mounted and
made a fine run tbat ended in a coal.
There was some hot play in the next in
ning, but McCreery caught tbe ball, Uo
bart forged ahead and picked it off to goal.
When tLe players entered again, after a
rest, Hobart made a pretty run, which was
backed by Joe Tobm's clever play that
gave a goal in two minutes for Burlin
ganie. Tjen Riverside played well, but
met witn hot interference, and Hobart left
them all in the rear while he drove to
goal.
McCreery at this time began to feel like
a little exercise, so he took a pretty run
and made a goal in two minutes from the
start.
He repeated the dose in the next inning,
with a goal to his credit in three minutes.
Again his star was in t c ascendant. Ho
bart dashed across the field with the ball,
to be stopped by Waring, who rode like a
demon. At this point McCreery made a
goal.
Joe Tobin came in off side when the ball
was going with Burlingame. Riverside
claimed a knock-off, which was barely
given when Hobart ran away with the ball
almost to goal, where McCreery hit it
through the posts.
Waring made a dashing play in the next
inning. After getting the ball away it
was taken by C. E. Mand, who made a
splendid run on a little gray pony, amid
wild applause. He made a second equally
exciting run and got the second goal for
Riverside.
Three cheers were given for Riverside
and returned by the vanquished team.
MEMORIAL DAY.
Preparations for Its Proper Observance
by the v. A. X
The Grand Army memorial day com
mittee met last night at 320 Bansorae
street, where communications were read
from various bodies accepting or declining
to parade on the 30th inst. Among the
organizations which will march in column
will be the First United States Infantry
and band and a battery of artillery, de
tachment of National Guard of California,
Grand Army posts, Union Veteran Legion.
Sons of Veterans and civic bodies. Cap
tain J. V. Brown of James A. Garfield
Post was elected grand marshal.
At the I. 0. O. F. Cemetery the Hon.
George A. Knight will deliver the oration,
and Lillian Plunkett will read a po"m pre
pared for the occasion. It was decided
that as the Grand Army posts hal at
tended churches of all denominations
in former years they attend memorial
services Sunday evening, May 24, at St.
Mary's Church on California anu Dupont
streets.
A resolution was passed and ordered
published condemning the desecration of
Memorial day by various societies taking
advantage of its being a holiday by hold
ing picnics, etc. The several sub
committees reported progress, and the
committee adjourned until Saturday even
ing next.
•• — — •
Improved Lights for Cars.
Negotiations are now in progress by the
Southern I'acific Company aud the Market
stroet Railway Company for tbe Improved
lighting of the cars of the two companies
named with the Plntsch compressed gas
lighting syntem. already in use in every large
city in the country.
-,.->.->..-..„ >..._.,_, _,_._._ u-^wn^-- - NE*W TO-DAT — DRY GOODS- ■ ■_ /_.»
:^nTLiTDIiINTTIM*ISWRTif^
I IjL SU XIIIU JLJJJIIi/iJIIU H^ |Jl AiiUU lllii/ 1 IIIUJjIU 1^
. ' . • ' . - '. ' — *^_>$*r«sc^ : ' ■ — ....
I I; jx .. 0 ... ps^p 5^ s ~2TroTrrsTroTro^ j" " ! !
Vlir IlOllar SIIRS When we say a thing in print it is so. People have learned that, 3 TdHor-Hade COStlUlieS.
;■ Have been such trade-winners that £> For five years we have worked hard to accomplish this fact, and its 5 At «tio en p- a «v, li
1 f lin h e? 8 A^ee^r^o^SvVd^ £ accomplishment has resulted in CONFIDENCE. It has been your 3 While we made a fecfah; of all 11
i4l splendid addition to the stock, but C confidence we have worked so diligently for. Your trade is bound to 3 classes of TAILOR WORK either in 1
W U ln^aS"flg d s E fOMO t W - Tv neVef miSlead WitH finery descriptions and fictitious 3 \^J&gJStiSgj&J& ft
k the prestige they have gained we So worths. We tell our tale frankly, honestly and candidly. We 3 at this particular price. "it seems to
I have reduced about twenty pieces of P endeavor to gain your condidence and your trade upon the merits of 3 be the popular figure, in reach of most 44
our regular $1 25 Fancy Dres iens, (° «„_„.___„ ... _, . • .V», . _ « ' everybody, and our policy has been if
Persians and Pompadours and put g our wares and the reasonableness of our prices. "Right Goods at 3j to see how good a suit we could sell "
I them in the $1 line. We have! C Proper Prices" and "Your Moneys Worth or Your Money Back," 3I at $12 50. At this price we are show- II
W claimed all season that this $1 line E coupled with the most courteous treatment, demanding SPOT ra cm 3 Silk-lined Blazer Suits; Scotch •{
was as good as the $1 23 lines around G coupiea witn tne most courteous treatment, demanding SHOT CASH o| i ng black and navy blue Serge W
, } town, but now that we have been com- g from all and giving CREDIT TO NONE has enabled us to push ahead 2 Cheviots in a variety of colorings
1 f nnl'^v 0 add Bom of " our riiS £ and make " THE MAZE" a household name from one end of the | ! Hne d in * he new Blazer styles silk- H
ones, you are cetting regular $1 50 C n , _ °s lined and ornamented with burtons; If
U values. C Pacific Coast to the other. o^ i Summer Boucles in various shades; "
! } OUULPJLSULSJULSLOJULSL^ tJcotch mixtures, , black and navy ii
1 J u J^,_,u J^.ww^^^_^^^^^_^^^ J - UJ ,_^ - , fcerges and other cloths in the Jiing- ZZ
IK Crpnnn Wash Fabric Two-Clasp Pique Cloves. Fancy Waist Silks. i^i^^V^urffli-SSJ ' !
••J VICpUU llcl.l! id VI US 75 ' . * Ynrri suits are lined throughout with rustle 44
' A tl9l / AiitH tt ,»• m Tl\ a ■ * iW , C ? Yard. percaiine and canvas almost to the ft
1 At UJiC. All the fashionable street shades in tans Light colors in floral effects, and dark knees. ■
6 • Prices have tumbled back East and English reds. They are a splendid and medium shades in Dresden, Persian We can save you some money 1
1 I where these things grow. Why wearable quality of heavy kid. pique and Pompadour patterns. Fac-similes of in every fls«« nnii kinri nf tailor Si
should they be kept up here? We stitching, heavily embroidered backs and the real printed warp goods, which will ! '"I 7 11
! are in touch with the market changes. two large metal clasps. We see them Took as well and make up as richly as the wurK *
I • Last week we sold these new sum- marked out special at a dollar in several expensive kinds at three times the price. r ,.,, , __. ~I 44
] f mer beauties at 15c a yard. Now windows around the city. Our price is , Si k 9Flfl Wool SllltlliffS ft
they're 12>^c. only 75c. • kslill O.UM lIUUI OUlllllgiS. ||
! ! _ At 75c Yard. ,1 »
i I LadiiV RIM Tin KM La(lies ' Tan Jadek Black VeloUr fa P cs - «i-~V^. .STRESS! "
| M liiHillN IlllJlli 11 luU HUM. $5.00 Each. $5 OO Each such colors as tan, biege, modes and J ,
I ' 3 Pairs for $1.00. Made of mixed Covert Cloths in tan Another big lot of those immensely pop- fn^them^woor'Re^ula^Vvalues l^ 11
i i Time for wearing TOUT new Tan « bad , es : T k he >' ? f ield f ront fa , U alar 19-inch Black Velour Beaded Capes. any tiSe or place. S? 1 r
SoS Shoes! You'll have to wear stock- ri Me back. Lxtra large sleeves and vei- They are lined with changeable silk and pc _ * |44
i* iu«s to match, for black ones will J?* co llar ; front . ornamented with two i finished around the neck with a satin-edge ■ 'i» . m A 3£
mlook out of place. We have just re- large h ? ndsome buttons and six small | net ruche and chiffon bow. They are cut LaflieS 1311 CaDOS. S2°
I ceived an assortment of heavy Maco °" cs ' &"} ns a Bwell a " d Jaunty appear- extremely lull, almost 130 inches in the vu^ta. .->. r m
.li Cotton Hose in Richelieu ribbed ef- "m!* V"" a f. e regular $7 50 jackets, sweep, fallin- over the shoulders in grace- At $7.50 Each.
}} fects, double soles and toe,, with which we are selling special at *5. ful olds. At $7 50 apiece these Capes A choice collection of different ii
Tf high spliced heels, the regular 50c . • would De given away. styles, no two alike, mostly sample^ Iff
111 kind, an extra pair with each dollar's sent to us to select from "They ax 6
1 f worlh _ , Silk-Striped Plaid Dresses. ~ : - J^ I l3^SeaSL&f3--||:-
! I AIMYooI Plaids ~ $2 - 50 , a Pattern< . - Irish Point Embroideries. SS?«l. B -.;SirSWKtw2afiS]l
,-- iIU lIUUI 1 ldlUb. , New, elegant designs just received for - in -_ _, _ • than $10, and from that up to $15 _*_
on v H summer wear, all in beige, tan and mode &c ' 1Uc > lt5C 25c a Yard. apiece. It
H _UC a Yara. shades, lit up by bright stripes and bars o» Four special values at four special prices. !
] • The reeular 50c kind. New thi s silk in contrasting colors. Eastern ad- They are the most elaborate Guipure De ■ . <-. : {i |
1 ' season. Only a few colorings left, so vices state that plaid skirts and full plaid Gene and Irish Point effects worked upon LinCfl S*llG lit
they go for less than half-price. costumes are much worn. A complete Jones' Cambric. They range in widths **»«* «-»•*•%»• ™jf
,44 costume of these for $2 50. from 2to 10 inches, and at each price are if 1 i<» \A Germanßieached Linen _ I
Iff the greatest embroidery values ever of- aL **^ J" # Crash, full 18 inches. #
H A D*l»l» fered over a retail counter. ' wide, regular value 35c. I f
I Dresden Ribbons. Separate Dress Skirls. — • Atsocjd.Sr^i^^3: l
\ Different^esZZts. some of $3.95 Each. Freneli Organdies. &£ v"
<• them all silk, others mixed, ranging Made of silk-finish fi cured Alpacas, cut ,_■ J5J 5 ./ At $1 KA Am Bleached Damask ,
111 in widths from 2^io 4 inches. Satin' very full in the new flaring shape, lined all * lOC a Yard. ' A* **•»« UUI.. Napkins. three- 5
and gros grain or Gros de Londres throuch with rustle Percaline, and inter- Not the narrow imitations in every-day 9>"ki n slze '. to match the above j
i 44 weaves. Just the thing for neck lined almost to the knees with canvas, patterns, but the full yard-wide uoods, in Aaoie IJamasK - k
lit ornaments and millinery trimmings. At $7 50 to $15 we are wing some un- j a splendid quality, almost as sheer as mull 14 1(\ a r J Turkey Red Table 22
usual values in all-silk brocaded skirts, j and as firm as percale. The Frenchiest of ill IVCVU. Damask, warranted T
and at prices varying from $5 upward some the French floral designs in the most fast color "regular value 30c a yard 1
{.! n 11 811 — •■* splendid values in Serges, Boucle?, Cre- | charming color and combinations. All _- ._ _ " I
" I HOnbie-rOld VeiliniTS. pons, Diagonals and plain and figured light grounds. If you find them else- If $9 frA pflfh « arnsley Lmen M
il "" IVIU IUllU & 3. Mohairs. wliere they'll be not less than 25c a!yard dl "V-'wU Cdl 11. Crumb Cloths. 4 1
i 4 25c a Yard. • " ,• ' yards long by 2% yards wide, value I
|f All-silk nets in plain Malines or If yon live oat of town don't order anything without first consulting our new ■■ «->'«" »ni« „ ,_ m 1
fancy Tuxedo weaves, spotted with Spring and Bummer Catalogue. We'll send it to you free of charge for the askine Sf'll< j fIA7 A ' l - llnen Huck Tow-
i44 different sizes of chenille and woven """'""ng. ill iJOK) UUA. els', with colored bor- - , J
1 W dots, blacks, browns and blues. The , den*, value at $1 35 doz. i ,
regular 50c kind. /* __fe At $^ 00 dOZ M dozen Creßm
i I Jfy j^ 1^ v«i«" Uuiii Damask Towels, J ,
'' ' \7 A r^ f with red borders, 45 incnes lontr by i i
l^iUoc' Cjll. 1,,.*. CJi t/LjL^ "S^T^ f^il T TfT/jyyT) ~IT%f /~*\ 22 inches wide, would be extra good 1
1!f Th re 480 Each r k m en . yyMP%WIIyVWAM&M. Lwt % for $1.00. tir^g"*": l
i These are pure spun silk garments J_~^ _gS~^ Wr _■__ _f man Damask Towolq I "tpith r^HnnM r I I
i 1 ■ " ■ .':■■..-. ■' " —" j i I
SOCIALISTIC MOVEMENTS.
Rev. Dr. Dille Invited to Lecture Be
fore Liberty Branch.
The members of the Socialistic Labor
party do not always look within their own
ranks for speakers upon subjects of politi
cal economy and sociology. The members
of Liberty Branch believe that new ideas
c n be obtained from all classes of liberal
thinkers and speakers and to this end
have extended an invitation to the Rev.
E. R. Dille to deliver an address at one of
their Wednesday evening propaganda
meetings. Dr. Dille is at present in Hono
lulu, but a letter has been sent asking him
to matte such an appointment.
Arthur F. Sanborn has also been called
v pon for a lecture on social and economic
questions, and he has promised to speak
on the evening of the 13th inst.
At the last meeting of Liberty Branch
Georee Barnaby delivered a long address
on "Modern Cannibalism and Future Civ
ilization." Henry Warnecke gave an out
line of the aims of the Socialist Labor
Party. Alvln H. Appell read an essay on
international peace.
Secretary Theodore Lynch of the Cen
tral Trade and Labor Alliance has been
directed to invite the various branches of
the Socialist Labor Party, through the
Central Committee, to send delegates to
the Alliance, as the late labor convention
recently called by the Labor Council
adopted almost in its entirety the plat
form of principles of the Socialist Labor
party.
The French branch, S. L. P., will hold a
picnic at Harbor View on the 17th. The
affair is in the hands of an active com
m ttee of the various branches.
NEW TO-DAY.
i THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
fillT W ITU 1
111-llAll-
DRUGGISTS.
OUR
GUARANTEE
On all RUBBER GOODS purchased in our
establishment, is perfect satisfaction or
money refunded. We guarantee a 75c
Hyringe or Water Bottle the same as the
higher grades.
Alpha Syringes fl 00 each
Alpha Fountain Syringes fl 60 each
2-quan Fountain syringes... .....75c each
2-quart Wa:er EotUes 76j each
"Goodyear" Rubber Gloves 85c pair
"WOODBUItY'S
?!, A £JL AL 6Oc ■•*« we 'M 3 cakea for sOc
SOAP /
MIX VOX- 8
WBSdusm «*——»«flfc.
PA INK'S
rKI.KRV . $10 ° 8l " we cut to - 60C -
COMPOUND
FRKXCH
£,^i l. IIjK 50 ° bars we cat to 25<5.
M/Al
1128 MiVniHET ST..
BAN FRANCIStX).
Comer Tenth St. and Broadway, Oakland,
j^^gICYGLE_S.
jfe^» IF IN
wW DOUBT
W|/MViul |]J First fay't Per Week
\oM: if Rlde a WAVERLEY
<^_7 and be Content
Catalog and Application Blank Free
This offer applies only to residents of San
Francisco, Oakland. Berkeley and Alameda
Oakland Agency
17th St. - San Pablo Aye., Reliance Bldg
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 & 20 McAllister St., San Francisco
OPEN EVENINGS
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at mar-
velously low prices for spot
cash.
Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking
quantities.
Come and see them or write
for particulars..
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
-"-—-—"———— ■
DDIIOUPO FOR BAKBER!* BAK-
_FK|l_Sfflf"^ era - hoot blacks, bath-
IJIUyilbU bouses, billiard -table*
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
„,„.,, BUCHANAN BKOS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 009 SacramentoSU .
I AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY .....MAT 13, 1896
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Green-St. Heights Residence.
No. 1016 Green at,, west of Jones; 8 rooms and
bath: elegant surround . bituminized street;
cement stone walk; examine this; California cable
and North Beach and Mission can; large, hand-
some lot, 45x120, to rear street.
Pacific Heights Property.
NWcor. Lapruna and Greenwich sts. ; large, fine
building of 4 French fiats: one tt. two 5 and one of
4 rooms and bath; must be sold; Union and Pacilic
cables; lot 31 :3xl00 feet.
Oak-St. Large Lot.
South line of Oak St., west of Devisadero: this
elegant large lo is fit for 6 French flats or 2 stores
and 4 French flats; Oak-st. cable and electric cars •
street bituminlzed.
Pacific Height* Improved.
NE. cor. Union and Stelner sts.; good corner for
business; Union st. in basalt rook; cement stone
walk; Union cable: Flllmore electric cars: must
be sold; corner lot, 37:6x62:6.
Haight-Street Heights.
SE. cor. Kldiey and South Broderlck sts: 4 of the
choicest residence lots in the city; front Buena
Vista Park; 4 blocks from Golden Gate Park;
magnificent view. 2 blocks south of Halirht St.:
examine these: Haipht-street cable and Fillmore
elec;ric; lots 32:3 and 28x76 feet.
Precita Heights Home.
Cottace and lot; No. 101 Precita aye., east ol
Coso st.; 6 rooms; brick foundation: Folsoin and
Mission electric; large lot, 40x140 feet.
Mission Tenement Hou«e.
No. 213. NE. line of Twelftn st., SK. of Howard;
building contains nine rooms divided Into 2 tene-
ments of 6 and 4 rooms: centrally located; street
bituminized; Howard cable: lot 21x87:6.
Golden Gate' Park Lot.
N i >rth m!".' of Carl "*•• w - °* Co*: street sew-
ered; Affiliate-! Colleges and Hutro Library to be
built near; Halght and Omnibus cables and elec-
tric road; lot 25x137:6.
Mission Residence Lot.
Kast line of Fair Oaks St., N. of Twenty-fifth ■
handsome lot all ready for building; fine view-
pleasant surroundings: San Fraucisco and San
Mateo electric; lot 25x100 feet.
Ashbury Heights Lot.
BE. cor. Ftnnyan and Seventeenth sts.: grand
view: choice neighborhood; ail read.- for building"
?a°r1 I f l«l6T9xl00 9 {e cL heClty: el6ClriC aDd Cab '«
Courtland-Ave. Home.
N< V 2 8 K?? I l llln|rton 8t - N. of Courtland aye.:
cpmfortablel homo: street bituminired; Mission
electric cars; lot 25x124 feet to rear street. BSlon
Misaion Cosy Residence.
No. 449 Jersey st., E. of Castro; 2-story bav-
windowed, 7 rooms and bath; Castro cable and
Twenty-fourth electric; lot 25x114 feet.
t
KASTOX, ELDKIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street, Auctioneers.
WACOM." CARRIAGES ASD HARASS.
__fC_BS___ Fifty per cent saved
VbßDß*b9bS Factory prices — send
\ ''"tX /"k / Jor catalogue.
\ NfJjC Carts $16to$3S
j. _=^_ I— y^V Bupgies $75i0?1L'5
Carriaued..sloo to $liO I
/^^HJl|^/\ Wagons. . . . *5l) 10*101)
A-^^^yjfe^^pn Harness f 3 to $25
CTiKWiFa/KwNJ wp 8!|J P everywhere.
V^TOr^yvOOAmV/ California XVatcon and
>ilfcgl^ NC Vyj_\^| Carriage Ca, 36Vi to
**'^44y^ remont st., a. F.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
fiHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
V> law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 67a Kesidenoe 1020
i ell su Telephone "Pine" 2591.
W. J. DINQEE,
Real Estate Agent and Auctioneer, ;
: 460-463 Eighth Street, Oakland,
In conjunction with
IAT AUCTION
SATURDAY........: MAY 16,1896
At 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, ",~.l?.
Sear Dwight Way and Telegraph Arcane,
— and FRONTING
College, Bcnvenno and Hillegags Ave-
nues, Parker and Derby Streets, ■
6O 6O
SELECTED RESIDENCE LOTS
IN THE WELL-KNOWN-—
HILLEGASS TRACT.
The choicest location for family residences in this
city of grand views,
BERKELEY.
Surrounded by residences of the first-class busi-
ness men of San Francisco, the professors of the
State I Diversity and the best citizens of Berkeley
but 1 block from Uwight Way, 1 block from Tele-
graph avenue and 4 blocks from Dwislu Way
steam station: commands the finest view obtain-
able, of the Golden Hate, Martn County hills, the
bay and the City of, San Francisco, .he streets
are in perfect condition, sewered, macadamized,
curbed, graded a. d wat r-pip«i; all the street
work is complete. Cement stone walks around the
entire property. Public and private schools near
by, the State University but three minutes' walk.-
Term* exceedingly liberal— Only one-
fourth cash; balance in 1, % and 3 years.
HOW TO REACH THE PROPERTY.
From Sun Francisco take the Berkeley train,
Ret 01? at Dwlght Way, walk up same to Hlllegau
avt-nue.
From Oakland take Telegraph-avenue electric
car Re off at Parker street, walk east one minute;
or Grove-street electne car. get off at Dana or
Dwight streets, walk east two minutes. ■ , ,>■■
For catalogues, terms, etc., inquire of
1 ASTON. KLDKIIHi-. & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
638 Market street, San Francisco.
OrWM. J. DINGK , Heal Estate Auctioneer.
460 and 46J Ktirlrh street, Oakl ■ nd. !
A. H. BKKKD <& CO.. 400 Ninth st, Oakland. ■
BERRY <fc BANGS. IUO sutler St., San Francisco.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington. $10 00 ; '-X :
houthUeld 9 60 """"
Genuine Coos Bay 6 60— Half ton. B*6*o
Seattle 8 00— Half ton. 400
Bryant 700— Half ton. 400
Telephone—
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
688 Howard Street, Near First.
IRON BEDS,
*/-__!._"» ' BRASS BEDS,
!' <■ f , FOLDING BEDS*
Wire and Hair Mat-
■.■.■'J- tresses, Kecllnlaj
1111,.. . Chairs, Wheel Ohalr*
I :....: _ <-onimodes. Back Kea:i
J[jH[^ TTTTTTJ VT - a. schrocb;
I"" 11 !' — | Xd±y i New Montgomery
"*» •»*• l^ M J St., under Uraiia
I- ~^ Hotel, a. V.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K EA ?^ AND WASHINGTON BTS -RR.
modeled ana renovated. KING, WARD* ca
1 s;AEtt.=si ta r- 5■USDAY MAY 10, 1890
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- Thkatkr.— "The Strange Adventures
: Miss Brown."
California Thkatkb— Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
Columbia Thkatkr— "Faust."
Monosco's Opkra-House— "Virginias.'
1 ivoli Ofkra-Houbk "Th» Chimes of Nor-
mandy.' '
Orphkum— High-Class Vaudeville.
The auditorium— Corner of Jones and Eddy
ttrms— Prof. D. M. Bristoll'B Eqnes-Curriculum.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Bench Show.
MAc»o>oooFTHr.AT>R kl< Ni>'-The Great
tansies. Richard Mansfleld to-morrow night.
Mark Hopkins' Institutk ok art.— Spring
exhibition of Paintings.
Exhibition or Skktchbs— At 219 Sutter St.,
on Monday, May 11.
Native Soj«b' Halt.— Wagner night, Monday,
May 11.
Central Park.— Bicycle Races, Tuesday,
May
Sutbo Coney Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot the Chutes- Dally at Halght street, one
block east of the Park.
Gclden Gate Park— Gate Park Band.
•>aciucCoast Jockey Club.— Races to morrow
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary i i ursion and Family Picnic
" Of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pant.
El Cam po— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
ivery Sunday.
Haywards Park— Haywards— Musical
Programme every Sunday.
Excursion to Russian River— May
17.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. Kirieb- May 11, Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. M.
By S. Basch— Monday. May 11, Furniture,
etc., at 319-321 Sutler street, a*. 10:30 o'clock.
By I.aston & Kldrukje— Tuesday,- May 12.
Heal Estate, at 638 Market st., at 12 o'clock noon.
By Easton & i.dripok.— May 19,
Beal Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
BY Kiiiip * Co.— Tuesday, May 12, Horses,
Harness, etc., at salesyard, corner Van Ness aye.
and Market, st., at 11 o'clock.
By O'Farrkt.l£ Thursday, May 14. Real
Estate, at 11 Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
By William J. Dinoek— Saturday, .May 16.
. Real Estate, near Dwlzht Way anil Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By Shainwalt>. BrcKBKK & Wednesday,
May 37, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
gomery street, at IS o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Woman's Congress adjourned lost night.
The prices of wine and grapes are climbing
rapidly.
The State Board of Prison Directors met at
San Quentin yesterday.
The Arts and Crafts Gnild opened its sketch
exhibit last night at '219 Sutter street.
•'Ftiir Sunday; warm Sunday night" was pre
dicted last night by Forecast Official Hammon.
Mrs. Sarah Pratt Carr, a prominent suffrag
ist, has been ordained to the Unitarian min
istry.
The will of Roger O'Donneil, leaving $ 12.000
to his immediate relatives, has been filed for
probate.
There are nine men in the San Quentin
prison upon whom sentences ot death have
been imposed.
The first report of John M. A«ar on the es
tate of Joseph Macdonough shows the value of
the estate to be $1,436,842 85.
Trustee* and managers of the Crocker Old
People's Home were elected yesterday, and the
borne is in a thriving condition.
There was an explosion of gat at 409 Pos
street, which did some da mare to the housi
and more or less injured four men.
C. H. Billing?, a restaurant man from Stock
ton, who imagines he is worth millions, is in a
padded cell in the Receiving Hospital.
On motion, the appeal of George E. Whit
from an order compelling him t" ; .ay ffIOO.OOe
alimony to his wife, Frankie A. White, hasbeeO
dismissed.
Mrs. Teresa Parry, Mason utreet, fell down
the rear steps at 104 Powell street yesterday
rooming and sustained a possible fracture of
the skull.
If th>> programme as arranged last night is ,
carrh d out Dr. Brown will preach at the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Church, this morning
at 11 o'clock.
Dr. L. F. Garrigues, charged by the Health
Department with neglecting to register births,
pleaded guilty in Judge Low's court yesterday
and was fined $5.
Imp. Candid won the great four-mile race at
Ingieside yesterday. The other winners were:
Jiohenzollern, Cabrillo, Montalvo, Olive,
Mosier and Candor.
Edward Collins, convicted ol burglary and
with four prior convictions against him, was
sentenced to seven years' imprisonment by
Judge Bahrs yesterday.
The application of Frank Schilling to have
Francis Pope removed as joint guardian over
the estate of Peter Alvin Matthews, an incom
petent, has been denied.
Liberty Branch of the Socialist Labor party
has invited Rev. K. R. Dille to deliver a lecture
on economic and social problems before the
branch upon his return from Honolulu.
G. B. Larkin, an old man, living at 1124
Howard street, swallowed a dose of laudanum
in mistake for cough, medicine yesterday
morning and died a few hours later.
Abe Marks, 3 weeks old, living with his
mother at 364 Minna street, was born with
two thumbs on his right hand, and one of them
was amputated at the Receiving Hospital yes
terday. .
Jennie Morgan, alias Mrs. C. A. Douglas, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on the
charge of felony embezzlement, the complain
ing witness being J. H. Scott, a dealer in
pianos.
It is reported that the Southern Pacific Com
pany is making three-year contracts at low
rctes with San Joaquin shippers in order to
liamj'er the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway.
There was a polo match at Burlingame yes
t.Tiiy between the club team and Riverside.
Crowds of society people attended and enjoyed
the splendid sport. The score was 12 for
Burlingame to 2 for Riverside.
Both William F. Herrin and General Barnes
deny that there Is any unpleasant feeling be
tween them or that any change in the terms of
General Barnes' employment by the Southern
Pacific Company has taken place since Mr.
Herrin became chief counsel for that corpora-
PULLED DOWN THE FENCE
Mayor Davie Removes the Bar
riers to the Eighth-Street
Bridge.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,?
908 Broadway, May 9. J .
Mayor Davie pulled ' down the fence
across the Eighth-street bridge to-night
and Superintendent of Streets Miller at
once rebuilt it. The Street Superintendent
has been advised by the City Attorney
that he did only his duty when he closed
the bridge and he advises him to keep it
closed. ■ T 'lev
City Attorney Piersol said to Mr. Miller
to-day: "In answer to your question as to
whether or not the Mayor has any power
as such to direct the removal of said
barriers, I would advise that the Mayor
as such has no right or power to interfere
with you in your performance of this duty.
The City Council is the governing body of
the city, and the Mayor, as such, has no
powers except those specifically con
ferred upon him by the charter and ordi
nances tnereunder.
While engaged in causing tl c removal
of said barriers his caDacity could be no
higher than that of a private citizen, and
you can, if necessary, invoke the protec
tion of the conrts in the performance of
your official duty. But with a view to up
holding the good namo of the city, and
considering the frailties of human nature,
any procedure of that nature should only
be adopted as a last resort, and after all
reasonable efforts have failed in carrying
out the orders of the Council."
If the Mayor should again pull down
the fence the Street Superintendent will
probably arrest him.
The Mayor says his power in the prem
ises is absolute, and declares that he will
keep the bridge open now that it is safe.
POPULISTS WILL
TALK OF FINANCE,
The Prospects of Their
State Convention on
Tuesday.
TO TRIM THE PLATFORM
There Will Be Women Delegates,
but No Proxies and No
Fights.
SILVER FOR THE CHIEF PLAN]
The Local Delegation Decides to Go to
Sacramento Early and to Stick
Together.
The Populist State Convention wiil
come to order in the Assembly ichamber of
the Capitol in the forenoon of day after
to-morrow, the 12th inst., and ruiffor
about two days.
The active preparations for the conven
tion which are going on are quiet and
businesslike. There is no hurrah in the
air, the party feels the strains of no strug
gles about delegations, honors or policies,
no sensational combinations are talked
aboxit and there is nothing for anybody to
get excited over unless it be the alleged
sweeping victory for the party in Califor
nia, concerning which the leaders talk
calmly with confidence and self-possession.
E. M. Wardell, the veteran chairman of
the State Central Committee, went to Sac
ramento from this City yesterday after
noon to look after convention arrange
ments. Carleton H. Johnson, chairman
of the local executive committee, and some
others, probably including T. V. Cator and
State Secretary R. E. Bush, will be on the
ground to-day. To-ni^ht there will be
quite a gathering of Populist delegates up
there, and by to-morrow night a majority
of the delegates will arrive. Of course
quite a number of Populists will attend as
spectators.
The roll will contain the names of 300
delegates. At the convention of I SU4, the
number was 310. There were fewer dele
gates elected this year by about seventy
fire, but this year the members of the new
State Central Committee will sit as mem
bers of the convention.
The State Central Committee of sixty-six
members was selected by popular choice
along with the convention delegates. The
committee wiil elect a chairman and it
will unquestionably be E. M. Wardell of
Los Angeles, who has so fully the respect
and confidence of the party. The State
Central Committee will elect an executive
committee of seven members.
The convention will adopt a platform,
elect thirty-nine delegates to the St. Louis
convention, nominate Presidential elec
tors, nominate a United States Senator,
and do any other business which it doesn't
want to leave to the State Central Com
mittee, for there will be no second conven
tion.
If the rasping sound of great ideas grind
ing against each other is heard at all it
will be while the platform is around, Dut
it is not likely tnat there will be much
struggling to get things in or keep them
out. The People's party is largely
made up of what are, with increasing fre
quency, called "reform" elements, and at
tue convention of 1892 fhere was a torrent
of principles and things in the platform
that the country and society needed, but
the party has become more "homogeneous
and its principles well settled. The Omaha
platform is yet its creed.
But then there is in the party this year a
general plan to shorten platforms." The
party proposes to take up a few great ideas
and get the Silverites and Prohibitionists
and other elements to stand in with them.
So the State Convention platform will
likely be short.
The free coinage of silver plank will be
given the place of honor. The Populiit
campaign will be mainly on finance. The
abolition of National banks will be
tacked in.
Direct legislation through the initia
tive and referendum will be the next im
portant plank.
The Populists are everywhere for equal
suffrage and always have been, and tlie
convention is so sure to indorse the suf
frage amendment that Miss Anthony and
other campaign leaders are not likely to
waste time and money opening headquar
ters at Sacramento this week.
And the convention is so sure to declare
for the Government ownership of railroads
and agiinst the funding bill that Steve
Gage will not give his whisker- an extra
stroke on account of the convention.
Where the list of other things in the
Omaha platform and the minds of dele
gates will be chopped off is hard to tell.
This is what T. V. Cator said yesterday
about the probable platform:
In my opinion the principles of the Omaha
platform will be reaffirmed. The platform
will declare for free silver/direct legislation,
tfle restriction of immigration, woman suffrage
and the Government ownership of railroads,
all of which are in the Omaha platform.
There will be Borne things pertaining to State
issues. The convention will probably declare
for economy in the State government and a
fifty-cent limit on State taxation. It may
seem wise to deal with other State issues, such
as the reduction of certain State salaries,
which are now as high as ever, while the prices
of products have fallen.
The People's Darty favors public improve
ments on a sufficient scale, and will doubtless
declare for a system of good roads to be paid
for in part out of money that ought to be saved
in other directions.
There will probably be a strong plank on the
readjustment of our system ol State taxation.
Personally I favor making homesteads up to a
reasonable amount exempt fro in taxation and
incapable of being mortgaged, that the home,
the foundation of a free people, may be safe
from debt. Then I favor a graduated tax on
land and land vtUues, the ratio Increasing with
the proportion held by a single individual.
1 expect the Populist ticket lo carry the
State. It will no doubt poll 120,000 votes,
though last time it reached i.ut 63,000. Our
vote has doubled every time, and we can
double it this year ea.-u-r than before.
A lot of Populists from the southern part
of the State will want to insert a temper
ance plank, and this will be opposed on
the ground of expediency among others.
Preferential voting will be among the
things which will be pressed in the con
vention and probably left out of the plat
form.
It is not hkely that more than two Con
gressional Dibtrict conventions will be
held. The First and Seventh may nomi
nate Congressmen, but the others will
wait. In the First District George W.
Monteith will likely receive the nomina
tion. His championship of the railroad
strikers has won for him the hearty sup
port of the labor element.
One novel feature of the convention will
be the absence of proxies. Proxies won't
go. This is the first time this rule has
been adopted in this State. Its purpose is
to head off anything like boss manipula
tions. There will be just as many votes
as there are delegates present. County
committees have, in view of this, provided
for appointments in place of delegates who
cannot attend, just before the convention.
There will be women delegates in that
convention, too. San Francisco will send
but one— Mrs. T. V. Cator.
T. V. Cator will unquestionably get the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
nomination for United States Senate::
again. He has been indorsed in San
Francisco aud in several counties of th»
State. By the political theory of the
People's party a convention nomination for
Senator is taken to morally bind all mem
bers of the Legislature elected by the
party in exactly the way and sense that
Presidential Electors are bound by the
party nomination for President,
The San Francisco delegation, number
ing twenty-seven, held a lengthy meeting
with the" County Executive Committee
last evening at Mozart Hall.
Chairman C. H. Johnson presided while
the executive committee was in session. It
was found that four delega f es wouid not
be able to go to Sacramento, and their
places were tilled with W. W. Sanderson,
H. J. Tobias, Hugo Hornlein and Mrs. T.
V. Cator.
The delegation then met, emetine E. S.
Barney chairman and W. B> Walker sec
retary. T. V. Cator said that the conven
tion would come to order promptly at 10
a. m. next Tuesday and that it was urgent
that the delegates* go up Monday evening.
After a while twenty-one agreed to go
then.
How to travel there and back by the
complicated scheme by which the South
ern Pacific works its concession
of one fare to convention dele
gates took loner discussion as did
the Sacramento hotel to which the dele
gation ought to go. They won't go to the
Golden Eagle. That was mentioned once
in a joke. Lovers of the State House and
the Western were there, but it was agreed
that the delegation ought to stay together
and that it should camp at "the State !
House. A collection was taken up to send
a leleeram engaging quarters and head
quarters.
Burnett G. Haskell urged the impor
tance of a delegation caucus to see how it
should stand together, name its repre
sentatives on committees and so on, and it
was resolved to caucus at 9 a. m. Tuesday
at the i^tate House.
The following comprise the San Fran
cisco delegation :
State Central Committee— John C. Gore, T. H.
Porter, J. 1). Thompson, George D. Gillespie, C.
11. Johnson.
Delegates— E. S. Barney, W. J. Gret;r, C. M.
Harris, ¥. M. Tuley, W. A. Lewis, K. H. Hol
cher, Thomas Howard, G. W. Daywalt, F. \V.
Bchell, P. L. Brown, Theodore I'fund, J. A.
Johnson, Joseph Fussier, W. N. Griswold, H.
Huppcrt, \V. K. Walker. A. W. Thompson, T. V.
Cator, B. G. Haskell, D. G. Bair, H.J.Tobias,
Hugo Hornlein, \V. \V. Sanderson, Mrs. T. V.
Cator.
At T. V. Cator's request the executive
committee came together again to consider
the important proposition of engaging for
the campaign the vacant lot on Market
street, opposite the City Hall, where the
toboggan slide once made its noise. The
idea was to rent this space at $25 or $;50 a
month, make a canvas pavilion of it to
accommodate 5000 people and whoop
things up in it. A committee was ap
pointed to go and see it and report next
Saturday night.
CANNON, ROCKETS, FIRE,
Festivities Opened the Season for
the Pacific Yacht
Club.
The Tugs Fearless and Vigilant and
Five Launches Carry Guests
to Sausalito.
"There was a sound of revelry by night"
at Sausalito when the tug Fearless, bear
ing a host of invited guests to the ball
which opens the season for the I'acilic
Yacht Club, arrived at the little wharf in
Sausalito.
The whole scene, from the cottages
perched picturesquely upon the hillside to
the pleasure vessel anchored in the har
bor, was one red glare. Skyrockets added
to the brilliancy of the scene, and the
booming of cannon gave the element of
excitement.
About half-past B o'clock five launches —
Charles H. Crocker's Wanderer, Hugo
Kiel's Cynthia, "Will Powning's Wailele
and the Wand and the Norwood came
over from Bel vedere with full crews.
Each one bore a roclcet in his hanjl, and
as they neared the wharf these were set in
action.
Among; those present was Captain James
Bruce, who seemed to be the hero of the
evening.
The names of the guests present from
Belvedere are as follows:
Mr. nnd Mrs. J. \V. Dorsey, Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Renjamin, Mr. and Mrs. George Frink. Mr. and
Mrs. C. O. Perry, accompanied by Miss Olga
ZahD and Miss Mamie Flood; Mr. and
Mrs. V. J. A. Key, Miss Mamie Welgel,
Miss Jerome, Mrs. L. It. Baker and family, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Stone, Miss Florence Stone,
Mr. and Mrs. George T. Baßgett, Mr. aud tin.
T. EC Havens, Mr. and Mrs. Fuscnot, Mr. and
Mr-. Hornet: W. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Mat
toon, Dr. and Mrs. Westphal. Mr. and Mrs.
A. C Honnell, Miss Marguerite Brien,
Mr. and Mrs. F.upene Pavis, Mr. and Mrs.
J. R Maxwell, Mis- Bide Maxwell, Miss Chris
tine Rix. Mr. and Mrs. Byron Haines, Mr. and
Mrs. Krnnk Miner, James Bonnell, Mr. and
Mrs. T. K. Jan<-, Mrs. Grace E. Janes. Mr>-. M.
L. Harrison, Edgar D. Peixotto, James Cun
ningham, Mr. and Mrs. Fred \V. Boole, Noble
Eaton, C. B. Sloan, Mrs. \V. B. Hunt.
Among thope that came over in the tug
Fearless and other craft were:
Mr. and Mr.-. Jacob Goldberp, Messrs. Sol
Qoldoerg. Tom Irvine. Joseph Kmanuel <. E
Hunt, Go* Barling, Fred Teller, Frank Ham
mer, Will Hammer, Gus Newman, Thomns
McCallaghan. Ueorge Bromley, J. p. Jaclcsou
Paul Dnnplry, Kobert Mitchell, Frederick'
K::<rr Noble Eaton, George Cameron
K. Williams, Arthur Piper, Arthur Ebbets Jr
S. E. Kelly, John Blanchard, J. H. O'Brien
Sanford G. Lewald, Sanford Plummer Dave
Wise, Judge Kerrigan, Dr. R. W. Payne Dr
Otto Westphal, Robert F. Haight, Wallace
Alexander, Harry Dott, Frank H. Powers
John Rhodes, Charles Harmon, J. G. Cox, E L
Head, N. H. Hickman, Paul Jones ban
O'Connell, Will Flnney, Will O'Brien, Charles
Drury, George Devine, F. Surrhyne, L. H
Heynemann, R. G. Nunan, Frank Eckenroth
A. Kaisch, Harry Flood, A. Wallace, Theodore
K. Romaine, E. O. Tuttle, William Cunninj*
hnm, Captain Alexander Svenson, Captain
John Bruce, Mrs. H. G. Corivin, Miss Nellie
Dare, Miss Mabel Smith, Mr. and Mrs
E. A. Leigh, Mrs. Frank Eekenroth'
Mrs. E. L. Head, Mrs. A. J. Rnisch
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Raisch, Miss Nellie
Healey, Miss Mamie Trolan, Miss Kittie Welch
Messrs. Robert Bridgeman and Thomas and
W. Healey, Mr. mid Mrs. Haub Mr
Ross, Mr. A. H. R. Sclimitt, Mr. and
Mrs. T. K. Janes, Mrs. Grace Janes, Miss I izzic
Walnright, R. B. Ellis, J. B. Thorn, Mr. Voor
man, Dr. Boise, (Jeneral and Mrs. Dickinson
Putnam Jackson, Louis Woe-s, Thomas Walsh'
Robert Martin. Captain Randall, Captaiu
Hawley, Judge Joachimsen.
A MODEL WHEEL.
The Crawford Bicycle a Popular Favor
ite in San Francisco.
The Crawford bicycle is fast becoming
popular with the riders of this City. This
wheel was first introduced into California
during the season of 1895 and has given
the best of satisfaction.
The lines of the Crawford are mechani
cally correct and symmetrical, the mate
rial used is of the best and the workman
ship unexcelled.
The company manufacturing the Craw
ford has one of the most extensive
and complete plants in this country,
and their guarantee is as broad as that
given by any reliaulc manufacturer. The
I'acitic Coast agent is Edwin Mohrig, 1510
•Market street, from whom catalogues can
be obtained on application.
Organ Kecltal.
The following programme will be performed
at the organ recital at the Art Institute this
afu-rnoon: March, "Athalia," Mendelssohn;
Concert Fantasie, Petri; '"Pilgrim's Chorus,"
Wagner; Offertory, in A flat, Batiste; over
ture, "Tailored," Rossini; Intermezzo, Miis
cagni; Christmas offertory, Lemmens;
"Traumerci," Schumann; Grand Postlude
West.
A Nice present for Eastern friends— Town;
send's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 637 Market st *
ARTS
AND
CRAFTS
There in a good deal of originality about
the Guild of Arts and Crafts exhibition, I
which opened yesterday evening at 21 ( J j
Sutter street.
In the first place the walls are divided
into sections, and each member who is an
artist has been given his cvn bit of wall
to fill, in the manner which pleased him I
best. The result is a series of private ex
hibitions, so to speak, each of which is i
stamped with tfle originality of its owner, j
Peixotto has given vein to his decided
talent a3 a draughtsman, and has shown
principally pen and ink sketches. Lati- I
mer, Judson and some of the other busy ]
bees of the fraternity have filled every
inch of their sections with paintings, while
other painters have mad- a very few pic
tures do duty for adorning a large amount
ol wall. The result is interesting and i
characteristic, even if it is a bit hetero- j
geneous.
There were a number of people promi
nent in local art and musical circles at the i
Some of the Artists Comment on the Arts and Crafts Exhibit.
opening of the sketch exhibit last even
ing. An orchestra, under the direction of
J. Josephs, played j n an arbor improvised
of live bamboo and acacia, and the rest
of the decorations were quite in keeping
with the artistic character of the Arts and
Crafts' Guild. The platform of the hall
was quite the most admired spot in the
decorations.
It represented a studio, evidently of
some opulent and prosperous artist for its
walls were hnng with costly prayer rues
and tap strie*. its chairs were antique
and magnificent, and even the lay figure
was clad in siiK attire.
As for the pictures the spectators took
them in sections and found enough variety
and good work to carry them all round the
hall without wanting to pause to read. If
any one wanted information the committee
who had arranged the exhibit were there
ready to explain.
They were John Stanton, the president;
W. t>. Armes, secretary; Arthur F.
Mathews. the chairman of arrangements;
L. P. Latiiner, A. Joullin. E. I'eixotto.
John A. Stanton, the president, has
filled his space almost to overflowing with
sketches of Paris and Brittany. They are
done in his usual broad yet simple style,
and, as usual, show his fondness for the
decorative side of art.
A sketch of a lion's statue on the Paris
boulevard* looms un particularly strong,
but it is a pity that Mr. Stanton does not
turn his decided talent to something Cali
fornian instead of always going so far
nfield as Brittany and Paris to seek his
subjects.
Arthur Mathews has a good exhibit, in
cluding some particularly tine pastels that
are remarkable for their delicacy of color,
and there is also a particularly beautiful
little study of a child from the nude and
a couple of studies for Judith are strongly
painted.
Gamble has a number of pictures, in
cluding a girl's head, that might be a
model for a fashion-plate. He is at his
best in his marines. One in particular of a
lagoon outside of Venice is an exquisite
bit of work.
Jo Strong shows some sketches from
Samoa which are splendid bits of color,
while their technical part is excellent.
There are also ft couple of thoroughly
characteristic etchings of Joaquin Miller
and lira. Miller and a fine portrait of Reg
inald Birch, the painter's nephew.
Miss Elizabeth Strong of New York, the
animal painter, shows a painting of a pair
of dogs which is full of life and motion.
Chris Jorgensen's space is fairly well
filled. All his work snows his knowledge
of drawing, though as a rule it is rather
hard and cold in color. One or two sketches,
however, particularly the lagoon off
Venice, are good bits of color. Crane
shows two brilliant water colors.
Judson, who is a new man among the
artists here, showed a section crowded
with California sketches, which excited
most favorable comment. All his work
gives the atmosphere and color of Califor
nia, and his marines and sand dunes are
as excellent as his landscape.".
Latimer has a full exhibit, containing
principally water colors. Most of the
work is charmingly soft end artistic,
though, as a whole, it bears the impress of
the studio more than most of Latimer's
work.
Some of the pictures, however, are evi
dently careful studies from nature.
Among ttie other artists, Robinson
shows some sketches, principally of the
Yosemite, which bear the impress of hav
ing been painted far from the stuaio. The
view of Mono Lake, with its fine grada
tions of color, is particularly weird and
striking. Joullin shows some excellent
sand dunes, and Bloomer's pictures are
also honest efforts from nature. Peters has
some clever broad work and Raschen
again shows himself to be a good draughts
man.
A Lecture on Malaya.
Last Friday evening Rounsevellc Wildman,
editor of the Overland Monthly, delivered a
most interesting lecture before the Young
Men's Christian Association, at their building,
Masou and Ellis streets, on 'Malaya anil the
Sultan of Johore." Mr. Wildman's description
of this wonderland was extremely vivid and
interesting.
FOR HOME DEFENSE.
Mission Property- Owners Protecting
Their Right* Against the Noe
Litigants.
Mission Defense Club held its usual
weekly meeting at Twentieth and Guerrero
streets last night, at which a lengthy dis
cussion took place on the 2% per cent car
fare proposition. -;\
Supervisor Hobbs made a motion, which
j was seconded by Judge Van Reynegom.
! to the effect that the delegates from that
j club in tho Federation Club discounten
ance any interference with the reduction
of carfare, unless a general system of
transfers be secured by act of the Legis
| lature. This was unanimously carried.
Secretary Van Duzer stated that a de
cision had been rendered by the Twelfth
! District Court in 1860, which virtually de
■ clared that the Noe claimants had no title
! to the lands they claimed.
It was stated the Cemeteries' Associa
: tion, having for sale the two blocks of land,
' which is desired for a public park, would
i Bell directly to the City, and not permit
any middlemen to secure a commission
for the sale of the same.
Supervisor Hobbs stated that the $35,000
appropriated by the Legislature for the
purchase of a home for the inebriates
would not be expended for that purpose,
but would be turned into the general
fund at the end of the fiscal year. This
statement brought forth the remark from
Secretary Van Duzer that during the past
year no less than 1435 persons had been
arrested in this City for drunkenness, and
that he was opposed to bu'Uing a fine
house to taKe this class of dissipated in
dividuals to.
Judjje Van Reynegom offered the fol
lowing:
The Mission Defense and Improvement Union
respectfully reijuet-t and urtre upon the honor
able Board of Supervisors of San Francisco that
the action proposed by said board in bitu
mlntifag certain blocks of Dolores street be
postponed until action shall have been had
upon said petition for making Dolores street a
boulevard.
J. D. Daly, John Rolger, George Walcom,
C. Branigan and J. F. Dorland were ap
pointed a committee to wait on the Super
visors and advocate the above measure.
BROWN PREACHES TO-DAY
The Unfrocked Pastor Scheduled
to Appear in Dr. Good
win's Pulpit.
Many of the Members Are Not Pleased
With the Idea — Large At
tendance Anticipated.
If Brown is sufficiently well he will
oreach at the California-street Methodist
Church this morning at 11 o'clock. Such
was the programme agreed on at a late
hour last night.
Dr. Goodwin's flock is not by any means
unanimous as to the propriety of their
pastor's course. Those opposed to Brown's
appearance in the pulpit contend that
it is a slap at their common brethren
in Christ, which will be likely to injure
the cause of religion generally even if it
does not hurt the California-street Metho
dist Church. Most of those who think
this way will not attend the morning
service.
The trustees have not as yet received
any offers for the First Church property.
The statement made in a morning paper
yesterday to the effect that the Catholics
were makingan effort to secure the church
was probably founded on an attempt made
in that direction many years ago.
The movement on the part of Brown's
friends to start an independent church or
society has made no practical progress as
yet. They are willing and anxious to
come together in support of their un
frocked friend, but that gentleman seems
to be playing for higher game just at pres
ent. Of course, if be can do nothing bet
ter he will accept their support.
There will be no services of any charac
er whatever at the First Church to-day.
The Sunday-school and Bible class have
temporarily disbanded. The few Chris
tian Endeavorers who still cling to the
parent organization will meet in a private
residence on Bush street.
Mrs. Mary A. Davidson lectured at Odd
Fellows' Hall last night on "What He
Was Afraid Of." As one of the principal
actors in the great scandal, the speaker
was enabled to throw light in places
hitherto shrouded in mystery. A medium
sized audience greeted Mrs. Davidson.
The fashion for snuff-taking became
general in France in the early part of the
reign of Louis XV, although Louis was a
bitter discourager of snuff-taking. His
valets were obliged to renounce it when
they were appointed to their office.
IN THE MURDERER' ROW
Nine Man-Killers Who Now
Stand in the Shadow of
the Gallows.
ONE HAS LOST EVERY HOPE.
A Dark Chapter cf Crime and Blood
From the Condemned Cells at
San Quentin.
With death upon the gallows staring
him in the face "Kid" Thompson, the Ros
coe train-wrecker, is still the most profane
and toughest prisoner now confined in the
State prison at San Quentin. His execu
tion ia set. for the 22d inst. and he views
his fast-approaching end with the stoicism
of an American Indian.
Of the nine murderers now under the
death penalty in the prison across the bay
the "Kid" is the only one who has given
up all hope of saving his neck by process
of law or the Governor's clemency.
The Roscoe train wreck and the sacri
fice of life that followed are still fresh in
the minds of the public. Thompson's
partner, Johnson, turned State's evidence
and is now serving a life sentence.
floved.
We have moved the Agency for our Homeo-
pathic Medicines and Supplies to 119 Powell
street, and appointed Mr. Wm. A. Brooks
General Agent for the Pacific Coast.
BOERICKB & TAFEL.
Philadelphia, February 13, 1896.
Boericke & Tafel's medicines are the moat
reliable and give best results. They can be
had in San Francisco only at 119 Powell street.
Open Sundays nntil 9 p. m.; weekdays until 11
F. 11. Mall orders promptly filled. Correspond-
ence solicited.
Thompson's indifference to the fated
22d was explained yesterday in a conver
sation with Dan Sullivan, one of the
guards inside of the walls. To the guard
he said :
What is the use of me trying to fijfht the
case? If they don't stretch my neck here, they
will be sure to in New Mexico. The officers
huve a dead case on me there, so they say.
You see, down in Albuquerque, some fellows
made a raid on one of the banks and got away
with $1400, after killing the cashier and shoot
ing several others. The bank robbers escaped
but were pursued by a pos9e. The officers run
them down, and in the light, one officer and
one robber were killed. The robber who was
killed was my cousin. The other escaped. Now
they say J am the other fellow, and I guess
they would prove that I was, but I was not
within mile? of New Mexico at the time.
Neither was I in the Roscoe train affair, for I
was sick in bed at the time. lam convicted on
one charge and would be on the other, bo I
may as well swing here as to prolong the
agony. I have been a tough citizen aud had
niy fun. Now I will pay for having a bad name.
Sc the days and hours go by, and the
Kid counts them as they pass without hope
or any regret save one— that he cannot
live long enough to E«t even on the rail
road company, which he holds responsible
for obtaining the evidence that landed
him at tcie foot of the gallows. But he is
only one of nine men now under the
penalty of death.
The next toughest citizen there is Frank
C. Kloss, who a few months ago de
liberately cut William Deady's throat in a
saloon in Hayes Valley. Kloss has hope
that the Supreme Court will assist him in
escaping the penalty of his crime or that
the Governor will prolong his years by
commuting the sentence to imprisonment
for life.
There is one in whom the Governor is
interested. It is Dennis McCarthy, a San
Francisco boy who shot a ranch hand to
death in Sonoma County for a fancied of
fense. Medical experts say that McCarthy
is weak-minded and subject to epilepsy.
His case is now on appeal to the Supreme
Court, and if the death penalty is sus
tained it is said that Governor Wudd will
interfere with the execution.
The Cummings brothers, John and Cse
sar, from Riverside, are hoping to be
spared from paying tbe penalty for mur
der, and their execution is stayed by pro
ceedings in the Supreme Court. 'These
brothers rented a ranch from an old man,
and when he went to collect the rent one
slipped away and returned with a mask
and played robber. He hit the land
owner on the head and took the money
his brother had just paid. The blow
proved fatal, and the robbery story might
have held, but the plot was revealed by a
Mexican in the Cummings' employ.
A case almost parallel is that of Marshall
Miller, also under the sentence of death.
Miller and Stewart Green assaulted an
aged pawnbroker in Marynviile for the
purpose of robbery. The blow broke the
money-lender's skull. Green turned State's
evidence and is now under life sentence.
Miller's case is before the Supreme
Court on an appeal for a new trial. If the
prayer is not granted Miller will have to
be re-sentenced, as the original date of his
execution is passed.
Charles Marshall, who owned a fourth
interest in the famous Desert Queen gold
mine, also wants a new trial. He Killed a
man in a saloon at Riverside during a row.
There are two men whose necks may be
spared. One is William Leary, who killed
a man in a saloon row in Salinas. Leary
is now 78 years of age and the Governor
has spared his life t>y a reprieve.
The other is Bruno Morosco, who killed
an Italian near Vacavilie over two years
ago. He too has been saved by the Gover
nor. Leary is too old to work but Morosco
is employed in the jute mill.
All of the other condemned live in mur
derers' row; a row of strong cells on the
north side of the prison in sight of the of
ficers of the inside guard. Once or twice
a week these felons are taken out for an
Mrs. C. A. Hammers, Kelma. Cal., May 2. 1896. writes as follows:
For four years I suffered from a cancer growing on the side of my forehead. The cancer grew and
grew so large that I thought it would surely eat into my brain and kill me; and I was almost crazy to
taluk I could not find any relief.
I doctored for months with the best doctor In town, and for several months for two years I left my
home to go to aspecinllst in Los Anceles. This specialist could not do me any lasting good: my head
would heal op for a short time, but after I came home tbe last time the cancer begun to eat my face
just below my eye.
And then i. was In despair for I felt sure that nothing on earth could cure me. and I might be blind
and insane. . And X tried every remedy any one and every one coold tell me. One day a friend told me
of the wonderful cures of the RADAMS MICROBE KILLER, and 1 never rested till I got some little
In a bottle to take home witb me and try it. I applied it to my eye and forehead as directed and took a
dose, and I can truly tell you 1 slepi that night for tbe first time In months without pain.
1 have used the Microbe Killer faithfully for over a year now, and my forehead and face are healed
and hi J and there is no scar. I wish to say I feel so grateful for the good it has d one me.
I hope yon will publish this testimonial, and it may be read by some other suffering woman and lead
her to be cured.
All disease is caused by Microbes. RADAMS MICROBE-KILLER is the only remedy yet discov-
ered that parities the blood by killing the microbes in the human body without Injury to the system,
hence it cures ALL DISEASES. This has been proven :n the District Court of Travis County, Texas;
Supreme Court of New York City, and Correctional Tribunal of Paris. Fratice.
Pamphlets, microscopical examinations and all information at main office RADAMS MICROBE-
KILLER COMPANY, 1340 MARKET »T., SAW FRANCISCO.
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
It Sever Vaila to Relieve. Can't Hurt a Child. Cotts 25 Cent* to Try It.
A.ny DruggUt Will Get It for lou. Htudy the Direction**
airing by Guard Sullivan. For two or
three hours they are permitted to walk up
and down in the fresh air below their cells.
No other prisoner is permitted to approach
or speak to the condemned. There they
walk in pairs and discuss their hopes
of the future and adventures of the past,
and in most cases the one is as dark as the
other.
Poet Rlley Becomes a Wheelman.
A man with a smiling face, eyeglasses
on his nose, and a toothpick hanging to
his lips, stepped up to the wicket window
in the city comptroller's office yesterday
afternoon.
"Give me a license, a bicycle license," he
said to the clerk.
"How long have you had your wheel?"
asked the latter.
"Oh, I've had it a good while, but that
don't matter. Give me a license that will
be good all the rest of this year and I'll bo
satisfied," was the reply. The clerk
"soaked" him to the full extent of $1.
owing to the tacit admission that he had
owned the wheel prior to April 1. Tbe
latter picked un the license, looked at it
quizzically a moment, and thrusting it
into his pocket, sauntered out. The pur
chaser of the license was James Whit
comb Riley, who has fallen a victim to the
cycle fever. — Philadelphia Sentinel.
NEW TO-DAY. •..
If You Remain
Fat,
It's Your Own
Fault! _
Dr. son's Obesity rills, Fruit Salt
and Bands for Fat Folks Make the
Sick-Fat Well and Thin and the Well-
Fat Thin and Comfortable.
' i*
rpHE PORTRAIT ABOVE IS THAT OF MRS.
■*- Leon de Sales Barnard, popular in San Fran-
cisco society, who writes thus from her home on
Dolores street: " I became fat and afflicted with
disease of the heart, liver and kidneys. My physi-
cian recommended Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and
Salt. I took them under his direction, and In
six weeks was reduced thirty-eight pounds and
cured of all mv chronic troubles."
Mrs. MonaThurgate Heppner, Teneriffe avenue,
writes: "My face, neck and bust became too
fleshy. In four weeks Dr. Edison's Obesity. Pills
and Salt reduced me to comely proportions and
made me twenty-three pounds lighter." >.•_- ..':
Rev. Henry Truman Hulse, Oakland, writes:
"Five weeks' use of Dr. Edison's Obesity Band re«
duced my abdominal measurement six inches."
Dr. Edison's Obesity and Supporting
Band.
NO "SARSAPARTLLAS," "NERVINES,"
•TOXICS" OR OTHER SPRING OR SUMMER
MEDICINES NECESSARY WHEN THESE
REMEDIES ARE USED. They cure chronic
diseases of tne heart, liver, kidneys and stomach,
and TAKE THE PLACE OF ALL FEMALE
REMEDIES AND REGULATORS.
Dr. Edison's Pills, Salt and Bands' will make
you thin and comely. Only Obesity Remedies ad-
mitted to the World's Fair. No Rigid Dieting. No
Purging. .No Inconvenience. No Danger. .No Loss
of I me. Perfectly Harmless. Obesity Fruit Salt,
$1 a bottle; Obesity Pills. $1 50 a bottle; Obesity
Bands, $2 50 and up. Measure as indicated by
figures on cut.
"How to Cure Obesity" sent free to all fat folks'
who apply for it. Loring & CO.'s CHICAGO MED-
ICAL DEPARTMENT will advise you, without
charge, about your obesity or any other disease.
GENERAL AGENTS:
OWL DRUG CO.,
San Francisco and Los Angeles,
liOring & Co., Pronrietors, Dept. 39, No. 116 State
street, Chicago, --v^*
BUILDING TO LET.
FIRST STREET, 221 AND 223, NEAR HOW-
Corner building: 2 floors and basement;
well lighted; for mercantile or manufacturing
business; in whole or in part; with or without
power. ■ •■ ■
PHOTO MOUNT m CARD MTG. CO.
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTURERS OF
PHOTO MOUNTS
. CARDS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSING
RAGGED EDGING, ETC 1.1
ARTISTIC SOUVENIRS
PROORAnriES, nENUS
LABELS. SHOW CARDS. ETC..
NW. COR. OF CLAY AND SAME STS.
JmE^ geA'2^^f^FX L r ( GRAM
ALL LATHE™O Rl^S^^Faß TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT & CO. 324 POST ST.S.F.
7R
CLOSE OF THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS.
After a Week of Interesting and Crowded
Meetings the Convention Adjourns
for a Year.
A FAREWELL SURPEISE
Great Enthusiasm Is Mani
fested at All the
Sessions.
MIBS SHAW SHOWS SPIEIT.
Eleven Fina Papers Read and a
Stirring Address Given by
Miss Anthony.
Joist Campaign Committee, )
Headquarters, lt!3O Folsom street, >
BAM Fhaxcisco, May 9.)
The nine days' talk in regard to the action
of the Republican convention in adopting a
woman suffrage plank has not yet ended, and
the committee of women who went up to
Sacramento are besieged with inquiries as to
how it was done. The only answer to be made
is that "it did itself." We established our
headquarters on the taird floor of the Golden
Eagle Hotel, opened our parlor, lighted a
cheerful fire in the grate; the ladies of Sacra
mento sent in quantities of flower;;, we spread
cut our literature, put our boxes of badges on
the center table, and then sat down in our
rocking-chairs and waited. We had decided
not to down in tlie lobby to "buttonhole" the
delegates, but to stand on our dignity and let
them come to us. There was no other head
quarters on that floor, and they would have to
make the trip on purpose to see us. Suppose
they did not come '.
But in a short time a prominent editor ap
peared and then the rush commenced. From
Tuesday noon until the close of the conven
tion there was a steady stream of delegates, in
twos and threes, and in whole delegations.
Sometimes a chairman would come up and say
the others were too busy to cail. but had sent
tim for badges for the entire delegation.
Wednesday morning 250 delegates were wear
ing woman-suffrage badges, and our supply
was exhausted. At least fifty more could have
been used.
Only once did we go to the floor below and
that was when we were invited to address the
platform committee. I wish I could picture
that scene. In the small room, seated or stand
ing around the table, were the seven men who
held the fate of this question in tbeir hands.
At one end of the table stood Miss Anthony,
the light from above shining upon her silver
hair till it seemed like a halo around her
head, and she spoke as no one ever heard her
speak before.
On the face of every delegate was an expres
sion of the deepest seriousness, and before she
hed finished tears were in the eyes of more
than one of them. She was followed by Miss
Shaw, who stood there the embodiment of all
that is pure, sweet and womanly, and in a
low clear voice presented the cause as no one
else could have done. As we were about to
leave the room the chairman said: "Ladies,
we will take the vote now if you desire." We
thanked him but said no, we would with
draw and leave them to consider the matter at
their leisure.
Within a very few minutes we had their de
cision, six in favor of the resolution and one
opposed— Kidder of Grass Valley. We violate
no confidence in giving his name, as he went
down info the lobby and publicly proclaimed
the fact. Here I want to call attention to one
thing. Eight women knew of the favorable
action of the committee by 9 o'clock, but al
though we were be sieged by reporters and del
egates until nearly midnight we gave no sign,
and the Wednesday morning papers could
only say that it was probable there would be a
woman suffrage plank. It is said that women
cannot keep a secret, but this is one of those
many ancient myths that takes a long time to
die.
How were we treated? Just as ladies are
treated who hold a reception in their drawing
room. Not one discourteous word or action
during the entire convention, only the most
profound respect. There was more than re
spect; there were hearty encouragement and
helpfulness, and more compliments than we
tared to bear. We would not have it under-
Etood tnat we believed implicitly all that was
Eaid to us, but the final action of the conven
tion spoke louder than words.
The convention-hall was clean, cool and
beautiful with flowers and bunting. There
was no smoking and no disorderly conduct.
There were many women present, and the sur
roundings were much more agreeable than at
the majority of mass-meetings for various pur
poses which women attend without any com
ment.
Tne meeting was more orderly and decorous,
If we are to judge from the telegraphic reports,
than a great religious convention now in ses
sion, which is not willing to permit a woman
to sit among its delegates. As we entered the
hall we noticed on every banner which marked
a delegation three white stars on a blue
ground. We did not know what they might
signify, but to us they said, "Wyoming, Colo
rado, Utah"— the three States where women
are fully enfranchised.
The convention throughout was for us an
Airs. Alice Moore McComas, Whose Intelligent View of the Suffrage Question
Has Placed Her iv the Froat Ranks of tho Modern Movement for Woman's
Emancipation. '
enjoyable one. We listened with close atten
tion to the bursts of eloquence displayed In
the nominating speeches, but we wondered why
in those nominating Mr. Grant the orators
spent ah tbeir breath in extolling the Illus
trious father, but had not one word to say in
praise of the proposed delegate, except that he
was the son of bis father.
We were very much grieved to learn from
our waiter at the hotel that he should not vote
for woman suffrage, as he did not think women
were smart enough to votel We had a young
fellow to do our errands, look after ournre,
etc., and he surprised us by saying one day
that he thought he ought to tell us that be
could not give us his vote this fall, as he did
not think women were prepared for suffrage!
We asked him if women who could come up
there and do the work we were doing were not
intelligent enough to use the ballot. He said
be thought we were awfully smart women, out
not smart enough to vote. Finding •that he
was a Republican we inquired if all the wise
men attending the convention should decide
that we ought to have the ballot, whether he
then would vote for it. He thought he would,
and finally decided to put on the badge. I re
fer to theee instances simply to illustrate the
humiliations to which progressive, educated
women are subjected.
As soon as the convention closed there was a
wild rush for the train, and when we got
aboard the cars were crowded. At least a
dozen delegates, tired as they were, sprang up
and insisted upon putting us in their seats,
and after we were comfortably seated they
came to us from another car and told us they
had arranged to have us all ait together there.
We went forward and took those seats, and
then the other men came in to know why we
left their car. At the Benicia ferry a delegate
from Tulare brought a lunch to us, and in
every possible way our comfort and conveni
ence were attended to. These are but small
things, yet 1 relate them because one of the
bugbears held up before the advocates of
woman suffrage is that when women get the
right to vote they will be allowed to stand up
in cars, etc.
We believe that they will be treated with
even more delerence and respect when they
are no longer classed politically with crimin
als, idiots and insane, and when their opinions
and wishes are considered of sufficient value
to be accorded the same weight in public af
fairs as are tttose of men. We make the pre
diction that after a few years' experience of
woman suffrage in California all o! these old
objections will appear so utterly weak and ab
surd that people will wonder how they ever
could have made them or believed in them.
On Monday we go to the Populist Convention
at Sacramento and on Thursday to the Prohi
bition Convention at Stockton. We have every
assurance from the leaders of these parties
that our appearing before them will be a mere
act of formality and courtesy, as woman suf
frage is one of their fundamental principles.
The statement is frequently made by Popu
lists, and appeared in The Call a few days
ago, that, while they are in full sympathy with
suffrage and will work for it, they are not
oblivious to the fact that, as soon as it was
given to the women of Colorado, they over
threw the Populist party in that State. This is
not a fair statement. It is true that ».t the tirst
election where women voted in Colorado the
Republican party scored a victory, but this
alsowasdone iv Kansas, where women have
no vote whatever in State elections. The
Populist party was as fully in control in Kan
sas as in Colorado. Whenever there comes a
time of great financial stress the party in
power is always charged with being the cause
of it, no matter what party it may be. Colo
redo and Kansas were passing through such a
period of depression, and in both States the
people overthrew the administration, in hopes
of securing better times. The Populist women
doubtless stood by their party in as large a
proportion as did the Populist men. It was
simply one of thoss landslides which are apt at
any time to turn down any party.
Ida A. HARriR,
Chairman Press Committee.
A plowing bower of pink environed the
fair participants in yesterday's session of
the Woman's Congress. Sweet Castilian
ruses blossomed everywhere, save in some
nooks and corners graced by dainty pink
carnations and flesh-tinted sweet peas.
Mrs. Emma Seckle Marshal! read the
first paper, taking for her subject "Women
as Citizens." There was something Bingu
larly lucid in her presentation of the sub
ject. She said :
"You have heard if you have been in
attendance during the week the history of
woman ; her growth as a sex; the unfold
ing of her character; the processeb of the
broadening and strengthening of her men
tality; how, even in the days of her most
abject slavery she was the staff upon
which man leaned for support, for had she
not then tilled the soil, ground the acorns
and maize, grubbed the roots and per
formed the various menial tasks how
would the poor creatures who depended
on her strength and energy for food and
shelter have existed?
"When one-half the world is dependent
on the other why should either half assert
their superiority ? Man without woman is
like unto what the earth would be deprived
of the suns warmth, and, I will admit,
vica versa. Therefore, if men whom we
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
have cared for, educated and encouraged,
are entitled to certain man-conferred priv
ileges the same should be considered the
prerogative of women.
"It has beer asserted by some men, and
women too, who are, strange to say, among
the thinkers of the age, that Nature made
man physically the stronger because on
him was to devolve the care and mainten
ance of dependent beings, hence, they say,
it is but in line with the intention of
nature that he should represent the weaker
portion of humanity in a legal phase :
that, as he is the bread-winner and natural
protector so must be assume ana exercise
the functions of government.
"But 1 do not believe that the Creator in
tended man to exercise a jurisprudence
over woman simply because she was not
as big and strong and robust as he is.
Nature's God is never unjust, and there is
nothing in the world to prevent man from
protecting and guarding woman if she
rises to the dignity of a legal citizen. It
certainly should not detract from her
womanly qualities or make her one whit
less sweet aud lovable.
"It is not so many years since co-educa
tion was considered unwise, and even to
day, women are excluded from some of
our highest institutions of learning, but
they have proved their ability to contest
collegiate honors with the other sex, and
our colleges and universities which receive
young women on an equal footing with
young men have reason to be proud of the
attainments of one equally with the other.
Then why should the woman who divides
class honors with the man be his inferior
in but the one thing, the ability to be a
good citizen?
•'ln this connection let me cite an instance '
that occurred one week a«ro to-day. A
husband and wife presented themselves
before the commissioners of the Supreme
Court for examination for admission to the
bar. The wife had become interested
from hearing her husband read aloud, and
concluded that she, too, would take up
the study of law.
"The examination proved that the know- ,
ledge of the wife was far superior to that
of the husband, and one of the commis- ;
sioners in speaking of the fact afterward
exclaimed enthusiastically: 'Of all the
applicants that I have examined for ad
mission to the bar, and I have been ou j
"THE CALL" HAS GAINED A MULTITUDE OF FRIENDS.
the bench for upwards of twenty- five
years, that lady was one of the very Dest.'
Now the point I wish to make is this. She
is the mother of growing children who
are models of obedience, and who prove
by their manner and bearing the true
motherhood that has guided them.
"Take our criminal records and look
them over. In California the census shows
that the female population is nearly equal
to that of the male, yet in the peniten
tiaries of the State there are at Ban
Quentin 1250 male prisoners and fifteen
female prisoners. Last summer I visited
the State's prison of Nevada and found
that, while nearly every cell in the men's
department of that institution was oc
cupied, there was but one woman prisoner,
and she was incarcerated for having killed
her betrayer.
"If women are lesslaw-abidingthan men
or defy the laws equally with men why
are they not equally punished with men'?
Are our peace officers, our judges and our
junta, the latter composed of 'the peers
of the realm' who are sworn to uphold
the honor and justice of our country, more
partial to the female transgressor than the
male? And if this is so. why? for it is
conceded than when a woman loses her
''"•respect and her position in society
she sinks to lower levels of criminality
than docs a man.
"And is this the reason that, limited as
are .the accommodations provided for
women in our penitentiaries, they are
more tr.an ample for the number assigned
to them?
"The brain that can expend the small in
come of the artisan or laborer in a mas
terly manner can certainly comprehend as
much mystery and intricacy as the brain
that guides the hand that earns that in
come. He brings hi» wages horne — we are
speaking now of the exemplary man — and
as tho wife expends them so does the fam
ily iucceed or fail. Her brain carries the
details of butcher, baker and candlestick
maker, etc., to »ay nothing of the rent or
installments on the little home they are
buying ; she has to plan for the shoes and
hats and suitable clothes of their growing
children ; to keep in condition the gar
ments of her husband ; to see that variety
marks his daily meals; to note the symp
toms of illness in her little ones, and
though she hovers over the beds of fever
ish babies in the still watches of the night,
yet must she keep well oiled the machinery
that operates her household affair?. Who
will tell me that the woman who accom
plishes this — and her name is legion— is
unfitted to make a good citizen?
"The requisites for a good citizen consist
in a thorough comprehension of his duties
to his country, his family and his feliow
men* an understanding of the needs
of his Government and an honest
endeavor to do his part toward accom
plishing the satisfying of those needs by
casting an intelligent, honest ballot. Is
there anything in these requisites to pre
vent a woman from being a good citizen?"
Mrs. Miller ot Oakland opened the dis
cussion by saying that tne type of woman
described by Mrs. Marshall would make a
splendid public officer.
A lady in the gallery opined that the
husband could never represent the wife at
the polls.
Mrs. Hall saiu she would like to bear
her testimony of agreement with the gal
lery lady's remarks and said woman's
cause was an attempt for the good of all;
it was not for an expediency of good gov
ernment; it was all riplit enough for a
man to eat a meal, but that meal dia the
woman no good, and so it was with politi
cal risrhts.
"I suppose," observed Miss Severance,
"that woman is citizen enough to pay
taxes, and if she has no husband she may
perhaps take up land, but when It comes
to the actual rights of citizenship, woman's
position is peculiar. She's in it, and she
isn't in it, and she don't know where she
is at all."
"Women, 1 ' commented Miss Manning,
"are said to be very free in France. In
exchange for their freedom the French
woman gave the voting and law-making
power into the Hands of the men. As a
result France has some of the most vil
lainous laws in relation to woman that
have ever been enacted."
"I know a man in Oakland," said Mrs.
Van Pelt, "who has never voted since his
marriage, and he says he never will until
his wife can 20 with him to the polls."
"Do you tfiink t: at man will vote next
November?" inquired Miss Severance.
"He most certainly will," was Mrs. Van
Pelt's answer, which" was applauded to the
echo.
"Housekeeping and City-keeping" gave
Miss Harriet May Mills of New York City
the theme for a brilliant address. She
said in part:
The growth of civilization has been a remark
able prowth In the last century. In Washington's
time only 3 per cent of th« population lived In
eitlfs, but now 10 per cent live in the elites oi the
United states.
We know that city-keeping is nothing but house
keeping on a larger scale, and yet men for a whole I
century have left out of consideration this im
portant element of management, 'lhe home man
agement, the many undertakings women have
entered, show that they are good managers. They
are used to making a very little go a long way, for
they have not liad much money to manage with ;
and they are economical. I
In New York I remember driving for years over
a street with boles la It and they always grew
bigger until finally the men got an epidemic Of
pavement laying and paved every street and lane.
What's more, women are more cieanly in iran
aeement. Their handling of bouses shows that
they know more about sweeping than men who
have so lone superintended the wretched street
1 sweeping systems.
S What we need is not only sanitation and better
sanitation, but the cultivation of a taste for the
beautiful. Any man that will sacrifice the beauti
ful trees and the natural contour of the City Is not !
fit to hold the position that controls such things.
Street-sweeping is too often made a matter of
' political affiliation. We wouldn't have a conk sim
ply because she would howl for some particular
candidate or party in favor.
It yon were In a city where a School Superinten
dent could not read or write you might feel that
woman ought to have a hand. Woman should
have some part in the management of the school
system. Men always make a mistake when they
try to keep house alone, and that is what they have
done in attempting the management of cities.
There |ia no good clty-keepinK In which good
housekeeping is not recognized as an Important
part. It would save us from tilth, from a great
deal of disease, and It would save mcn;irom a great
deal of the responsibility.
We don't expect to reform the city management
all in a minute, but we do believe It will result
eventually lrom the joint management of men and
women. ■■
Miss Manning took occasion here to ex
press herself on a topic of the day sug
gested by Mrs. Mills' speech. . She said:
If women were sharers in . San Francisco's gov
ernment could the City papers have come out this
morning with the announcement of the disgraceful
removal of t he most efficient officials that have ever
served in this City. Mr. and Mrs Weaver, the su
perintendent and matron of the Almshouse?
Several other persons commented on the
paper, after which Mrs. Alice Moore Mc-
Comas spoke, in part as follows, on "The
Right of Representation."
That there should be a question of the right of
representation in a republic founded as Is ours,
upon the principle of ''freedom and equality," Is
truly remarkable. It is contrary to the spirit of
our government to question the political rights of
any of onr people. Therefore 1 claim that Ameri
can women are entitled to everr right possessed
by American men. In making this assertion, con
trary to our usual political practice, yet perfectly
In harmony with republican ideas— ln oertect ac
cord with the fundamental principles of our
government— it Is right and proper that I a tempt
t<> show that it is reasonable and not dangerous to
our public interests.
There is no belter way to do this than to show by
oar .National constitution that women are entitled
to the right of representation. Article XIX. section
l.sa.vK: ■■All persons born or na uralized in the
Inited atates, and subject to the jurisdiction
thereof, are citizens of the United states, and of
the State wherein they reside. No Nlate shall
make or enforc- any law wntch shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens, nor shull any
Htatedeprhra any person of life, liberty or prop<-rty
wlthout due process of law, nor deny to any person
within Us jurisdiction the equal -irbtection cf the
laws." And again: "All governments derive
their Just powers from the consent of the
governed."
The American woman bases her claim to the
right of representation upon the Declaration of in
dependence, which was uot a declaration of re vo
Mrs. John F. Swift, Whose Presence and Assistance at the Woman's Congress
Lent So Much to Make It the Grand Success It Proved.
lutlonary war. but of a new political philosophy.
The inalienable rights therein declared are not
liuiltabl? by sex, and she questions the intention
of our forefathers to so cous^ .rue them. Woman
has the same right to life, liberty and property
tha* man hi-s. Has she not an equal right to pro
tection? This Is tho right of 3Uffrftj?e. If she has
a natural right to life, liberty and the pursuit of
bappiness, then she should have a natural or ac
quired right to everything that secures to her the
use of thes>> rights— just as man bus— provided this
does not harm the equal right of another.
1 ask the men here assembled if yon hare to a
certainty ascertained that you are entitled to
any Uod-givm, natural rights that are speci
fied prohibitions to women? Have you any
claim o protection that Is justly denied to
women? Gentlemen of the Golden State—
you who arc famous the world over for gene
rosity and chivalry, whose pride in your women
stands as one of your most jtracefcl virtues—
we ask that you establish such a government in
our stat*. We ask mat you no longer permit
this "Shadow on the face of the Princess" to re
main.
Woman are part of the people of California.
They ask that the grand declarations of the found
ers of this great State be no longer considered as
glittering generalities. Verify them at the polls
next November by enfranchising yonr intelligent
women.
There is too much said about woman's "holy
mission" and not enough about her pnu t eal duty
to her country; there is too much said of man's
patriotism and public service and not enongb
about his '-holy mission" as the father of his race.
A little mingling of these duties and missions,
and more interchange of mutnal Interests would
give us an improved system of government in the i
home and the state. You have seen a household j
bereft of a mother and have watched tne dis
tracted fnther try to do for the children what the
mother had done. You have seen a home de>
prived of a father and witnessed the broken
hearted mother's attempt to take his place. No
matter how great the effort, neither of these homes
are liks homes where each day husband and wife
gave iheir best strenglit and thought to the welfare
of the family. Does our government differ from our
household? Do we no! love our country as our
home?
Our opponents say, "Universal suffrage Is con
trary to law," "acain3t nature," '-no! sanctioned
by scripture," and "means revolution."
Yes, everything now Is a revolution. Revolu
tion and evolution are the mainsprings of civiliza
tion.
When Sir Samuel Rom My proposed to abolish
the death penalty for stealing a handkerchief it
r.-as feared It. would endanger the whole criminal
c<vle. When the tiiil abolishing the slave trade
passed the House of Lords, Lord St. Vincent left
the House, saying he washed his hands Of the
downfall of the British Empire.
When the nr»t steamer floated down the Thames
It was declared against nature! When at the
close of tne reign of Charles ri London had a half
million people, there was a fierce struggle against
street lamps.
In 182b. when some enterprising young men
wanted to hire a "meeting house' 11 — not a thousand
miles from New York— to hold a debate on rall-
I roads, the slow-going deacons, after prayerful de
! liberation, sent a note of refusal, saying, "You are
cheerfully welcome to our meeting-house to de
bate all proper questions, but such things as rail
roads are Impossibilities! There Is muhing in the
Scriptures about th-m. If God had designed his
intelligent creatures should travel «t the frightful
rate of fifteen miles an hour by steam he would
I have foretold It by his holy prophets. It Is a de
! vice of !-atan to lead Immortal soul* to perdition !"
I \\ c can scarcely believe such loollsb men ever
I lived! Yet the time Is not far distant when a truly
enlightened people, enjoying the privileges of a
| truly Republican Government, will be doubting
the existence of men who questioned woman's
right of representation.
Miss Yates, opening the discussion, told
of a man in the employ ot a wealthy
, lady graduate of Vassar College who went
to cast bis first vote after an instan
1 tatieous naturalization. Hi 9 mistress
1 asked him bow he had vot».d. it tran-
I spired that be had cast bis first tax re*
ceiptinto the ballot-box.
"I caa give a little incident myself,"
said Mrs. Marshall.
"I applied for the position of proof
reader of a great register of one of our
i counties, as I had been assistant on the
previous issue, but I was refused, as I was
told, because I w.as not a voter. They
gave the position to a man, and he found
he could not get it out on time and he had
to send for me."
Miss Mabel Craft, a graduate of the Uni
versity of California, offered some perti
nent remarks on women's wages. She
said tnat in all the positions requiring
what is known as brain work the women
of California receive compensation equal
to that men receive, but that ift other em
ployment the women competing with
men 00 not receive nearly so much pay
as the men. In teaching and in journal
ism women receive as good wages as men
and in some cases better because of better
work, but in stores poor giris who have to
help out the family at home work for $4 a
week. It would not be possible for them
to live on such wages, but they are adding
a little to the furnishings of brothers and
father. Women will never know political
economy, she concluded, until they are
able to vote; until they refuse to take "work
unless the pay is fair.
The last paper of tho morning session
was by Miss Sarah M. Severance, wno
spoke on "The Reaction of Injustice" in
the following strain :
Action and reaction are equal, and Injustice to
woman i: as reacted upon man in full measure
pressed down. Neither is responsible except for
its continuance, for It Is an inheritance, but wrong
woman and retributive justice follows on the
tract of her sons and grandsons. Not only is
tin re general retribution, but tne individual suf
fers. All intelligent people are Interested In poli
tics. The club-woman knows all about the laws of
iioses, of Lycurgus, of Solon, the Twelve Tables,
WEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGOIONI KID GLOVES.
WE OFFER THIS WEEK
SPECIAL:-: VALUES
IN
Muslin
Underwear
) COMPRISING
Gowns,
I Skirts,
Chemises,
Drawers and
Corset Covers.
We Only Ask an Inspection.
The Prices and Qualities are
Bound to Be Irresistible..,
THERE ARE
Night Gowns
At $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75
and $2.oOach.
Skirts
At 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.15 and
$2.00 Each.
Chemises
At 50c. 75c, 85c, $1.00 and
$1.25 Each.
Drawers
At 25c, 85c, 40c, 50c and 65e
per Pair.
AND
Corset Covers
: At 25c, 50c, 75c. $1.00 and
$1.15 Each.
The above are all made of splen-
did materials, finished In the finest
manner, full width and of good
shape. See them.
STOP at Our Hosiery Counter. It
will pay you to do so.
Mall Orders Promptly-Filled.
niNlLErasoN,
125, 187. 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 74B and 744 Market
Street.
HEW TO ~ 1
FOR
Staying Power
Strength
FOR
Exertion
In Training, and in all important Games
and Races, the Athletes of Yale, Cornell,
the University of Pennsylvania, etc., de-
pend upon the great African tonic-stimu-
lant ;-■
Vino=Kolafra
In cases of Tardy Convalescence.
Debility, Muscular Weakness, Mental
Depression, Anaemia, Nervous Dys-
pepsia, functional Heart Affections,
Melancholia. Asthma, and the cold-
- ness and feebleness of Age, this prep-
aration has proved itself to be a tonic,
invigorant, vitalizer and strengthener
of the highest efficacy, and adapted
for the use of
Invalids $%&*.
Its action is pervading and sustaining', and
followed by no bad effect. Giving strength
to the strong it gives a greater proportionate
strength to the weak.
Bold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
92 William St., New York.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR*
PANTS made to order from $4.00
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 283 Xcntpnrj St., cor. Busb
724 Market St. 1110 « 1112 Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
life INSURANCE coipm
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE OF Wis-
consin, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the state ot
California, pursuant to the requirements of - section
613 of the Political Code of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned by -
the company 91,400,303 15
Amount of loans secured by bond
and mortgage on real estate 69,041,112 24
Cash loans to policy-holders on this
company's policies assigned as
collateral 1,948,090 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force. . . 418,301 84
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company . . . 12,635,201 08
Amount of cash on hand in com-
pany's office 97,169 05
Amount of cash deposited In banks 4,608,915 77
Interest due and accrued 1,362,318 06
Rents due and accrued 8,987 71
Set amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection and of deferred
premiums 1.481,470 74
Total assets $32,902,389 64
LIABILITIES. ~~ "
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid. .' 68,316 74
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 282,859,67
Claims resisted by the company. . . . 43,844 89
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined experi-
ence tables of mortality, with 4
per cent Interest.... 63,804,572 00
Amount ot all unpaid dividends to
policy-holders. 94,740 97
All other demands against the com*
pany 108,094 01 '
Total liabilities.... ..» $6g,388,828~38
INCOME. — — —
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during the year. $1,579,149 92
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year. 11,990,630 79
i Cash received for sale of annuities. 6.--91 97
Cash received for Interest.... 3,837,791 60
Cash received for rents 109,842 123
Cash received from all other
sources 27,269 41
Total income $17,650,776 83
EXPENDITURES. "*
Paid for losses and matured en-
dowments » 113,512,740 40
Paid to annuitants.. : 2.554 26
Paid for surrendered policies 872,671 88
Paid for dividends to policy-holders 1,296. 65
Commissions paid to agents 1,543,571 5-j
Salaries aud other compensation of - -- ■■
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners... 306,196 26
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies. 899 91
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries. 119,691 15
Cash paid for taxes 194,323 73
Cash paid torrents 25 000 00
All other cash payments 782,119 16
Total expenditures daring the — .
year $8,656,662 42
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.. .$467,540 42
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year. . 89,664 60 -
— 9557,205 02 '
Deductions during the year as follows:
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment
of losses and claims 22,756 1?
Amount of notes and
Other premium obliga- ■-.-
tions used In purchase
of surrendered policies. 10,438 81
Amount of notes and.
other premium obliga-
■ tions Used in payment
of dividends to policy
holders .' 66,639 64
Amount ot cotes end
other premium obliga-
tions voided by lapse of ' *
policies... 13,780 90
Amount of notes and.
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed by
maker in cash 25,290 18
';;.,, Total reduction of ■ ■ .
premium note account.. , 9138,903 18
H. L. PALMER, President.
ok. -.w~, . J * W ' SKINNER, secretary.
Subscribed and svorn to before me this Ist day
of February, 1896. /^ .
C. A. PRIDE, Notary Public.
J^ggll Dr. Hall V Reinvigorator
3 all losses in 24 hoars. Restores
pS taSte Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
* - - - •-. V cures Emissions, Impo-.ency, Varlco-
stops all losses in 24 bours. Restores
Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
cu:cs RmUsions. Impo eucy, Varlco-
£SS £*t coU -'' Meet, Fits. Strictures and ail
TiF ™ wasting effects of Seif-Abuso or Ex-
sM irQs cesses. Sent s-aled, *2 per bottle.
1 THKKK BOTTLES, $5; guaranteed
"Mi'mJ to cure any case.
Mi. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
• 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cml.
I All crivate diseases g,uicjcl£ cu{&d. {•«»<! tor boo*.the Code Napoleon, but she stops a century back
she scorns present politics.
Her husband is for or against McKinley and Is
disgracefully ignorant of Moses, the great law
giver. Combine their knowledge and how bright
the word would be. He thinks and wants an out
let for his thoucht; she cannot ask an intelligent
question, tells him that she has "no interest in poli
tics," so he. goes downtown for a hearing. They
are divorced so far as politics go, when they need
to be un ted in all lines.
The husband needs woman "suffrage The chil
dren need U. They soon sec that mother Is subor
dinate, her opinion Is not counted on that day
when groat things are settled, so in the great
things the son calls not for her opinions. The wife
needs it. She needs an outing from function, irom
her personal cares: a participation in great things
will give her what she needs— breadth, perspective.
The Notion needs It. Men cannot cope with nature
alone; he must organize, his work, is largely ma
terial; he needs a complement, which Is the Indi
viduality of woman, the sense of personal responsi
bility, the intuition and the conscience which re
sult from motherhood. Naught else can save this
Nation.
The industrial world needs it. Man can never
compete with slavery, be It bond, chattel, serf or
sex— sex slavery brings industrial slavery for wo
men and for men who compete with her. The la
bor leaders see that woman lies across the path of
man, and both they and the agriculturist would
lift her off by giving her equality. They were the
first and are our best friends.
Morality needs It. Take from woman her o*rn
lnes, all power to make terms, woik her sixteen or
more hours per day in a den, hamper her with
children, aged parents or younger brothers or sis
ters whom she will not abandon, Mcd her bread
and ten, most of which goes to her dependents,
put a wolf at every door and an uumanly man to
hold tier fast, and the wonder is there Is soul
enough left to resist the price 01 virtue, cash down,
ever dangling before her hungry eyes, lint mor
ality is the mainsail of a people. "Give her the
Irult of her hands." Give her Amendment No. 11.
Miss Severance's paper was agreed to
nave covered the ground so thoroughly
that no discussion upon it was. had, and
the congress adjourned for lunch.
Between times Mrs. Harper of the press
committee took occasion to mention the
good work done by the newspapers of the
State and City.
'/The Call has stood by us nobly," she
said, "and the Report was quick to follow
Bint. The Cnronicle and Examiner, the
Monitor and the Voice of Labor likewise
.nave been more than kind to the cause,
and will doubtless boon declare themselves
its defenders. This attitude of the i">ress
is, to my mind, one ol the most encour
aging bigns of the times."
♦ ■
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Some Bright Papers and an Inter
estlns Symposium on "The
New Citizenship."
The crowd at the afternoon session was
the largest yet seen at any meeting of the
congress. Tho»e who packed themselves
into the hall numbered about half the
multitude who failed to effect an entrance.
"Women sat along the front of the stage
and on the reporters' tables, their feet and
flounces waving in mid-air, while one ad
venturous young lady from, across the bay
took an exalted perch oa the gallery rail
ing, making, though she knew it not, a
most remarkable festoon of herself,
A letter from Mrs. Mary F. Mcßoberts
of Leeds, Yorkshire, England, was read
by the president. It was a message of
spirited congratulation to the women of
the congress, and an expression of hearty
sympathy with the cause.
Mrs. Harriet W. Russell Strong, the
planter and owner of the largest walnut
orchard in the world, the* only woman on
the Los Angelea Cnamber of Commerce
and it is composed of 700 members, and a
member of a prominent literary society of
that city, had the first paper on the pro
gramme for the afternoon session. She
departed entirely from the common theme
of woman and suffrage ana in a thought
ful and forcible way discussed "Rights of
Property and Rights of Persons." In part
bhe said:
Property Is, broadly speaking, anything that we
peases: or own. In the beginning of tradition
there «m no ownership except in continuous pos
session of a thing.
Half of the property of this country Is deprived of
a voice— half of the population placed in a position
here they are powerless to speak for their prop
erty rights. Half the population of our country is
tried and punished, deprived of personal liberty
and property whnout due process of law, in all
States of our Union but three.
Mrs. Pages of Alameda gave a glowing
picture what the world would be after
woman should be accorded her rightful
position in the body politic
A Mr. Jackson said women were more
responsible than men for existing evil
condition?, since women had much to do
with the formation of the religious senti
ment in man, which sentiment, he con
tended, woman had allowed to become
perverted.
A symposium on "The New Citizenship"
then took place, the speakers being Mrs.
A. A. Sargent, Mrs. John P. Swift, Miss
Conners and Miss Mills.
Mrs. Sargent said the new citizen would
never refer to politics as a filthy pool,
since through the endeavors of his kind
politics would have been purilied.
"The new citizen would not stoop to
scorn his mother as an inferior bein«».
The sex line will not be the demarcation
between political classes. The new citizen
ship will bring about a time when men
and men and women and women and
men and women shall be able to meet and
look eacn other in the eye without fear or
false sname."
Mrs. Swift quoted President Lincoln's
words as to a government by and for the
people.
"Who," she asked, "are the people?
Are we to believe that tne brave ana gal
lant women of past and contemporary his
tory are unfit to be counted among the
people? Can they not be regarded as citi
zens of this great Nation? It is said, I
know, that woman's dignity would suffer
at the polls, but I have faith enough in the
chivalry of the American man, and I am
sure he would permit no one's mother,
wife or sister to be insulted at the ballot
box.
"Chivalry would not disappear had wo
man the ballot. In Wyoming woman suf
frage is regarded as a matter of course and
women have lost nothing by it. But when
a bad man gets on the ticket the women
spot him ana down him every time."
■ Miss Mollie Conners, lady editor of the
Oakland Saturday Night, evoke next.
Among other bright things she said :
"So you are going to get a new suit, I suppose,
end going to that congress across the bay to talk
■woman's rights, 1 " said a suffrage Infidel and a
brother editor— a man rich in this world's goods
and not poor in brain possession either. "Women
do not have new •suits'— they leave that for
man— they have gowns Instead, you know. But
no new gown will I have. It was eaten up by a
family of live children last week, likewise mv new
spring bonnet. I snail simply take my bast jacket
off from the peg and go my way to the fair. 1 can
not have good clothes when the children about
me know want, distress."
"That Is why the women will never make a ana.
cess in the outer world-thelr sympathies run
away with them, you know," said my editor
brother, who was h«althy, wealthy and wise
'Well go your way to talk 'woman's rights ' "
As to the -woman's rights' that is anoM old
story, In the great cry of distress rising from a'suf
ferim; Nation— the keynote is men's rights— the
rights they have seen slowly drlf tins away from
them In this great republic, and it is not a question
of woman's sympathy, It is lindlng out first causes
and the remedy for existing evils. In touch with
the spirit of the times Is this movement for a new
citizenship, especially so, coming from the West
the great suffering West which lies prostrate un
der conditions pitiable In the extreme, In a land
which we have learned to believe great, free, pros
perous.
When the man of the house fails in business the
women of the house arc sorry for him; they give
him love, affection, sviiiji .thy, but they lave lost
confidence in his financial ability, and when lie be
gins agala they want a share In the financial coun
cils: they watch ciosely Jest financial failure again
overtake them. That Is the attitude of the Ameri
can woman to-day. She has love, affection, sym
pathy for the American man. but she says to him.
financially you have made the Nation a failure:
you must let me help yon in lite time that is to
come: now, when we are struggling to our feet, In
the midst of the deepest financial depression that
any country has ever Known. ,
• ■ilia American woman is the proudest woman on
carth — proud of her country, proud of the men who
are the husbands, brothers and fathers in It.
Hut from the background of home she can
study; It Is Intellectual stiength which she can
contribute to the new citizenship; she can cast her
ballot uuderstandlnglv she an rescue her nation.
God grant that iv the day of the new citizenship
we will not see the Goddess of J.iberty prostrate at
the feet of the British lion, but with eagle in hand
towering proudly above the American people,
whose symbol she is. II the American woman
has anything to say In the future it will mean that
the British lion will keep his place, and that ills
place will be on the other side of the water. Never
again will he roar In American ear*
Miss Mill said:
'•We hear much of the >i eadful polls,
but I am sure we have nothing to fear from
the chivalric honor of American man
hood. I congratulate the people of Cali
fornia on the noble stand whi< h thj better
element among them have tak^n.'iQ
"I voted once," said Mis* Anthony, in
answer to repeated calls. "In my bwn
city of Rochester fifteen of us caßt our
ballots. In only one rfrecinct could we
get our votes in the box, and so noble were
the inspectors that they would not allow
us to vote until we had guaranteed to pay
their fines and keep them out of jail in
| case the election was declared illegal..
j Tli at was in November, 1872.
"On the evening of Thanksgiving day
I was arrested. Then I was hustled about
from post to pillar, from court to court,
for days and weeks, until at last I was
sentenced to pay $100 fine and costs of
prosecution. I told the Judge 1 had hon
| est debts to pay ; but so help me heaven.
! never would I pay a dime of the fine.
I The inspectors were lined $25 as against
! mv if 100— that's the rule, you know. [Great
I laughter.] The Judge did not commit me
to prison, and the fines were never paid.
The boys were released by the President,
through the intervention of Senator A. A.
Sargent and of old Ben Butler; and there
the affair ended."
"Did ymi pay the fine?" inquired a lady
in the audience.
"No, I didn't," answered Aunt Susan
witn some spirit, "and I never will. lam
still a prisoner at large."
A paper on "Woman in Europe" by
Mrs. Henrotin of Chicago was read by Miss
Humphrey-Smith and listened to with the
deepest interest.
The Rev. Anna Shaw was announced to
speak on "Private-spirited Mothers," but
sue disclaimed any desire to make a set
1 speech. At the same time she made one,
! and a line one it was. Among other things
i she said:
"It has been said that no worklnjr
! woman or man has spoken from this plat
j form. That is an ertor. All the women
on this stage know what real work is.
Since I was fifteen years old I have never
hud a gown or a week's board witiiout pay-
Ing for it with my own earnings."
The question-basket was then called into
! requisition, and many of the queries
evoked tempests of laughter. Among the
inquiries was the following:
"Is it true that The Call is getting up a
monster petition for equal suffrage?"
"My! Isn't The Call great!" ejaculated
Miss Shaw.
"I don't know," she resumed, in answer
to the question, "what The Call may be
doing, but we all know what it has done.
And a more gracious, graceful and chival
rous stand was never taken by any greut
paper than that to which The Call com-
I mitted itself last Sunday. Perhaps it is
I getting up monster petitions or something
j e.'se of that kind. At ail events we may
j be sure it is working for our cause in its
! own way, and a very good way that has
I proved to be thus Yar. We look to The
| Call for aid and encouragement, and we
j know we shall not be disappointed."
EVENING SESSION.
Professor Powers Gives a Closing
Surprise to the Ladles of
the Congress.
An immense crowd gathered in Native
Sons' Hall at the closing session of the
congress, the place being packed long be
fore the exercises commenced.
Professor H. H. Powers of Stanford Uni
versity read a paper having for its theme
the question "Ho y; Far Is Woman Adapted
and Adaptable to Political Functions?"
The essay was rather a surprise to many
of those present and called forth much
adverse criticism. It was in part as fol
lows:
How far is woman adapted and adaptable to
political functions? I approach the question with
flitlldence, knowing that 1 shall give occasion fur
pleasantry to those who are so dlspo-ed. Aside
from the physiology of ccx there are sundry
characteristics of women not so obviously con
nected with the sex functions. It is the second «ry
characters and functions which it is proposed to
modify, the primary ones being unalterable.
First of all woman is somewhat smaller and
weaker than man, though the difference is one of
kind as well as one of degree. She excels in en
j durance long continued as man doe* in violent.
[ Intense action. Woman's esthetic perceptions are
! quicker and more delicate and ii t»nse. Woman's
1 moral pre-eminence is often exaggerated.
"Forty-rive years ago," commented Miss
Anthony, "for I am not young, a girl
attended Oberlin College. She was a
i younger sister of Antoinette Brown, the
first woman ever ordained to the ministry.
The professor of political economy, Fair
child by name, now president of that
institution, condemned slave labor. Young
Miss Brown told him slave labor was on a
par with the unpaid work of a married
woman. But he didn't see it that way.
Of course not. How could he ?
"And now comes this college professor
to tell us that if we figure in public no
man will marry us. What a pity! But
men have married women of strong minds
and stout hearts before now, and will con
tinue to do so, all things to the contrary
notwithstanding."
Mrs. Emma Gregory spoke of women
composers, artists and writers.
"I wonder," observed Miss Manning,
"if the professor has heard of Mrs. Brown
ing, of Clara Schumann, of Rosa Bonheur
and so many others?"
Miss Shaw was to have spoken on
"Children of a Larger Growth," but she
gave fair warning that she would do
nothing of the kind, and proceeded to
demolish Professor Powers' points in this
wise :
If a woman hasn't a right not to marry, what is
marriage? And from the picture we've had of
marriage to-night, 1 suDpose that every unmarried
woman is long. for it, I have always been told
that it was an evidence of a superior mind to wish
to associate with superior people. What is superi
ority, anyhow? *
A woman can hang closer to her husband while
he goes lower and lower in debauchery and drunk
enness, until she finally gets him up again, and
through It all Is untarnished herself. And yet If
she should go to the polls to vote against the crea
tion of that kind of man she would be forever dis
graced.
I hope that the time may never come when a
woman may enter upon the duties of mother,
child-rearer and home manager simply for those
functions alone.
Whatever else may result from this congress
this coming together cannot help maJclng us better
mothers, better women, better old maids.
Mrs. Cooper, being presented by Mrs.
Van Pelt, delivered the closing address
of the congress, taking for her subject
"The Practical Ethics of Home and Gov
ernment." She spoke in part as follows:
During the past wsek this congress has been de
voting itself to the great and comprehensive snb
jectof "Woman and Government." Those of you
who have II tened carefully to the papers pre
sented cannot fall to arirait that they have con
tained much of valuable suggestion along many
lines of practical thought and work. You have,
by your presence, your appreciation, your good
cheer and your helpful co-operation aided in
making the congress one of great profit and won
derful tuccess. . • . .
It now remains for me, in closing this congress,
to offer a few thoughts on "Practical Kthics for the
Home and Gover mem." It seems to me that the
whole scope and drift of argument the past week
may be summed up In one brief sentence, which In
this: We must learn that nothing will preserve
society, but the living force of true and earnest
men and women, united in a common purpose to
advance the common weal. '
There can be no reformation or renovation In a
community unless the whole community are lifted
up to a higher level. The reformation Is to be
first or all, a personal matter. There Is to be a
reformation in the Individual, the household the
school, in commercial circles and in civil 'and
National government.
We must rise to the argument of American lib
i erty, and enter Into a conviction of the responsi
bilities and dignities and grandeur of the Amen
can ballot, as we have never yet done. We must
redeem the ballot by throwing about it a new life
anil sanctity. If we cannot do that, the less we
chatter and clatter about reformation the bette-
A woman's nature will never be changed; never
fear that. Men might spin, and churn, and knit,
ami sew, and cook, and rock the cradle for a hun
dred generations, and not be women. And
woman will not become man by external occupa
tions. God's colors do not wash out. Sex Is dyed
in the wool. The fact is, it Is the men that are
themselves nearest women, who are the very ones
most afraid that women will Jose their sex
It is a sort of latent rivalry. Power and versa
tllity will not change tbe social nor tho moral
qualities which men admire in women. Letting
nod take care of that nature of things which man
Is powerless to change, an that we need to asK Is
thai power may be given to virtue and that these
opportunities may be free by which power Is to be
secured.
This congress, now about to close, has done some
thing during the past week toward answering these
vital questions. It Is not a question of the new
man or the new woman. It is not a question 0/
( what we Intellectually think, but what wo mora iv
love find reverence and pursue, that will determine
: our <lestlny and the destiny of our great common
wealth. ■ .
• it ts n question of how to reach the people with
spiritual and physical health; how to make them
happier and better: how to Insure a purer govern
merit Of the people, by the, people and lor tlie
people. Good men and good women, banded to
gether for a common puipasc, with equal civil
and religious rights, can v. one solve this mighty
problem. - < <
With this highest Ideal In view, side by side arid
shoulder to- shoulder, the New Man and the New
Woman, Inspired to the highest things by a sub
lime estimate of existence, will walk steadily up
the slope with patient step, the eye fixed upon tin
goal of a new republic wherein dwc-llctU righteous
ness.
Miss Anthony and Miss Shaw addressed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
words of thanks to the congress lor the
courtesies extended to them.
Mesdames Van Pelt, Gaden, Swift. Krebs
and Sperry were appointed a committee
for the revising of the constitution, and
Miss Manning and Mesdames Swift, Bid
well, Barns and Miss Severance a commit
tee on resolutions.
It was announced that Miss Shaw would
preach in the hall at 7:45 o'clock this
evening on "Doubt as a Factor in Prog
ress."
The congress closed with the sineing of
the "Battle Hymn of the Republic," W. C.
Campbell leading and the vast assemblage
joining in the chorus.
During the last verse great enthusiasm
was manifest, hats, handkerchiefs and
bouquets waving all over the hall, while
Mrs. Van Pelt fetched an American flag
and drapea it over the shoulders of the
Rev. Miss Shaw and Miss Anthony.
And then amid a storm of cheering the
third annual meeting of the Woman's
Congress of the Pacific Coast adjourned.
GOOD NEWS FROM RUSSIA
A Nihilist Receives a Document
Telling Him of a Restored
Fortune.
In a Few Weeks He Will Inherit
the Vast Estate Belonging to
His Father.
Oakland Office ban Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, May 10. j
Dr. S. A. Ambrosewf, the Russian ex
iled nobleman, who is charged with being
a nihilist, received an important docu-
ment from Russia to-night. The news it
conveys will greatly disconcert several
officials in this city and San Francisco who
have, the doctor alleges, persecuted him
during the past year at tbe instance of
spies sent to this country from the Rus
sian court to follow and report upon his
movements.
He is living here in mortal fear of being
shot down by these Russian spies, who he
says are now and have been watching him
ever since be left home. Dr. Anibrosewf
at present conducts a free clinic at 857
Clay street, in this city, and resides on
Telegraph avenne. He has bever been be
fore the public to any extent till a year
ago, but has always stood ready to assist
the needy. Very little is known of his
hii-tory.
From what is known, however, he was
banished from his native land on the
ground that he was a nihilist. He received
word some time ago of bis father's death,
and at once appealed to the Russian Con
sul in San Fraucisco to assist him in secur
ing the estate, lie claims now that the
$SOO he paid that official was accepted, but
that no adequate service has ever been
rendered.
Dr. Ambrosewf says that the Russian
Consul has hindered rather than helped
him, and attributes thia to influences at
St. Petersburg.
When he discovered how things were
working Dr. Ambrosewf worked on his
own responsibility, and believes now that
he has affairs in such shape that he will
come into possession of the entire estate
before the (irst of June.
The letter received to-night bears an
official .•■eai and contained tidings that
made the doctor feel jubilant. "I have
been branded by the Consui in San Fran
cisco," said he, "as an impostor, but the
■ lay i n coming when he will have to take
his hat off to me. I am not in a
position to make any detailed state
ment as to the sensational events that
characterize my life, or in regard to tlie
vast family estate to which I am heir.
There are spies ready and willing to shoot
down an honest man for a couple of hun
dred dollars or even less, and by such I
have been watched and followed, but all
to no purpose. This letter I received
to-night brings good news, and before
the month is out I will be able to
receive and entertain you as a gentleman
shouM. My father died some time a^o,
and when I appealed to the Russian
Consul to assist me he wanted pay, so
I gave him $800, but he only worked
against me, and 1 snail attend to his case
alter a while."
About three months ago the doctor was
most mysteriously shot while going to a
patient late at night. He wp.s badly
though not seriously wounded in the
hand, and he attributes it to trie work of
spies. On that occasion he returned the
fire and his assailant disappeared, although
the doctor is certain he shot him in ti.e
thieh.
He declares that many petty troubles
have been created for him regarding his
diploma and properly. He is now c nn
dent that he has overcome the sinister in
fluence that is working against him at the
Czar's court and says that an interesting
experience is in store for the Russian
Consul.
SEARCHED FOR A LEAK.
Serious Explosion of Gas in a
Flat at 409 Post
Street.
A search with a lighted match for a
leak in the gas pipes in the lower flat 400
Post street resulted in an explosion last
night which caused the wildest excite
ment for a few minutes.
Charles Lenhart. manager for tbe Mon
arch card machines, was moving into the
flat, and was being assisted by three young
men — James Scully of S)Z Harriet street,
James Langstaff of G23 Harrison, and Gus
Deaver, Jes.-ie, near Seventh.
Tbe last load ha>l been taken to the
house about 9 o'clock, when Deaver
thought he smelled escaping gas in the
kitchen. Langstaff was standing in the
rear door, Lenhart at the door of the
kitchen and Scully was going toward the
front door for a looking-glass when Deaver
lit a match and turned on the ga». There
was an explosion which was heard three
blocks away. Deaver was thrown against
Lenhart, and both fell on top of each
other ; Langstaff found himself on his back
in the yard, and Pcnlly was blown out of
the front door and landed on the street.
The front aoor was blown from its hinges
and torn in pieces.
Scully was picked np in an unconscious
condition and taken to Hughes' drug
store, on the corner of Powell and Post,
where for half an hour Warren Stilson,
the clerk, used oxygen gas on him to pro
duce artificial respiration. The ambulance
then arrived with Dr. Bunnell and Beully
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where lie soon regained consciousness.
Ho complained of a pain in his back,
where he thought something had struck
him, and also of a pain in ids eyes.
Deaver was badiy burned abont the
hands ana enrs, and had them attended to
at Hughes' drugstore. Langstaff and Lefi
hart escaped with slight burns.
It was fortunate that bot'i the front and
rear doors were open, otherwise the bui d
inf would have been seriously damaged
and the four men severely if not fatally
injured.
The Age of Progreta.
S. Strozynski is receiving hearty Con
gratulations upon the event of his removal
:o 24 Geary street. Being bo centrally lo
cated it will be mnch more convenient for
ladies who appreciate fine work to call at
thin elegant establishment, where first
class artists art in constant attendance.
Mr. Btrozynski personally superintends
all wortc. •
POLLED THE FILES
ON DAGGETT.
Buckleyites Got Out a
Record of the Party
on Silver.
D AGGETT AS A SILVERITE
How the Present Federal Brigade
Once Lined Up for Free
Coinage.
BUCKLEY LITERARY BUREAU.
Piay'ng the Local Eemocratic Game
With the Silver Sentiment of
the Parly.
The Buckleyitesare conducting a shrewd
and vigorous campaign throughout the
Democracy of the State on the way of get
ting the Democratic leaders of every
county well informed in the merits of their
cause as representing the "regular" local
party, so that when the State Convention
meets their delegation may get recognition
either instead of the Junta's 181 or along
side of them.
Much missionary work is being done.
Correspondence i? going on, Democrats
from the interior are told about the local
muss at every opportunity and pulls are
being used through the State to set influ
ential people at work and thousands of
circulars and pamphlets are being mailed
to California Democrats everywhere.
One that |is just from the press is a
mighty interesting one to some people. It
is entitled "Record of the California De
mocracy on the Pree Coinage of Silver,"
ajid bears tiif nnines of Joseph Rothschild,
president, and I). lf< Unvigan, secretary, of
the General Committee.
The Buckleyites have learned by care
ful soundings "that the convention will be
a silver one by a big majority. The Buck
ley General Committee has adopted
riAiliot silver resolutions introduced Dy A.
J. Clunie at its last meeting and it will
play the silver business for all it is worth
in the contest with the Junta delegation
that will be for gold as far as Superinten
dent of the Mint Daggett and the rest of
the Federal brigade can make it so. Hence
this "record."
This eight-page pamphlet gives the plat
form planks on silver and gold, with some
of the pertinent discussions of them, of
every Democratic State Convention »ince
1852, showing tnat the record has a white
and not a yellow luster.
The document is quickly seen to be an
attack on the r'ederul brigade and the
Junta. Through its page.i ure given the
records as former silver me* of a lot of
these same Federal office-holders who are
now working hard to make an administra
tion and sound-money showing in the
State Convention.
The files are m^st effectively pulled on
John Daggett. ll is record as an ablo
champion of silver looms up strong and '
sure.
The record shows, for instance, that at
the State Convention of 1888 at Los An
geles the platform plank demanding "the
free coinage of both >:old and silver" was
adopted, tne plank being a verbatim copy
of the one in the preceding platform.
During the discussion of the platform it
was John Pa^^ett of Siskiyou, now the
administration s chief political representa
tive in California, wiio rose and in the
course of a brief speecii said :
The producer of gold had the privilege of
bringing his bullion to tho Mint and could
have it exchanged for the coin of the country.
It means that the product-rs of silver shall l>c
allowed an equal privilege. The tendency of
the present law is to depreciate the price <.f
silver, and as gold Is left ns the only remaining
standard of curroncy it must necessarily follow
that gold b.aomts appreciated. Such being
the fact, the man that produces wheat and
f ruit liaß to part with more of his produce in '
rder to obtain a dollar under the gold stan- j
__ .-.._■ J - u ._.^_.' NEW TODAY-DRT^GOODS; ._ _
THEE WHITE HOTTSIE.
[I «. \ i *Ka \\ '
j l *ig \^_,j { \ '
, ■ ■•■'•'.'•■-#.■'■ ' : ' T 'i-»..il ' ' ~~-~ — '■-~~~~ : . — — -. - "'' "',, , '. .\, : ' \ ,'::*■ * >'
THE WHITE HOUSE, which is the Great Dry Goods Establishment of San Francisco, situated at the northwest corner of Kearny and Post streets, is depicted in the
above illustration. The institution is a source of pride to the citizens of San Francisco and a natural aurprise to the owners of large establishments in the Eastern States,
who have not known that we can boast of such a great store. , ; '. . „:■: -'■'■,■ •
THE WHITE HOUSE is a complete establishment of the mont modern style, embodying every possible improvement. It is divided into Seventeen Distinct Depart-
ments, each with its own separate system, yet m.perfect harmony with each other. There is, in fact," a system and a decree of order in * the : entire institution that is some-
thing remarkable. - . v. , - : \
The same aim is noticeable in each department— to sell the most goods at the lowest possible prices. These two vital principles of large sales, combined with small pro-
fits, have served to make THE WHITE HOUSE the most popular dry goods establishment in this city. r\
The readers of The Call and the patrons of THE WHITE HOUSE must bear one thought, particularly, in mind. An idea has existed that THE WHITE HOUSE
catered for but one class of trade— namely, the elite. -But this is not so.. All classes are welcome there and the same courteous attention and care is shown to all.
- - Every variety of Dry Goods is sold there. Dress Goods, Silks,' Ribbons, Laces, Gloves/Trimmings, Parasols, Ready-made. Ladies' Suits and Cloaks, ail have departments
of their own. Gentlemen's Furnishing Goods are also carried in great variety. A trip through the Art Department is as interesting as a visit to; a European Museum. . The
basement is also a world of itself. Visitors will find there tbe Mailing Department for Country Orders and General Shipping and also a Supply Department for each depart-
ment in the entire building. ' r ~ w rrv * *^
dar!. The only person benefited by the appre
ciation ot cold Is the bondholder, \vho is not a
producer, but who makes his living by the Cut
ting of coupons. Vow that thing no.s gone far
chough: that plank is eminently just and
proper, and I hope that It will bo adopted.
This piatform was indorsed by Campbell
P. Berry, now Assistant United States
Treasurer; W. D. English, now Surveyor
of the Port; M. F. Tarpey and the rest of
them.
Daggett, as vice-chairman of the State
Central Committee, called to order the
convention of 1890 at San Jose, when an
other free coinage plank was adopted.
The Democratic State Convention met
at Fresno May 17, IBM, and adopted the
following plank in the platform :
"Section 6. That we denounce the acts
of the Republican party slgainst silver,
particularly the act demonetizing it. and
we believe that there should be kept in
constant circulation a full and suflicient
volume of money consisting of gold, silver
and iegaL-tender paper curiency at par
with each other."
Among the delegates to the conven
tion and those who voted for the platform
containing the silver plank were: John
H. Wise, Collector of Customs: O. M.
Welburn, Collector of Internal Revenue;
William D. Ensrlish, Surveyor; John P.
Irish, Naval Officer; Robert Barnett,
United States Mint; Barry Baldwin,
United States Marshal; Max Popper, Gov
ernment contractor; AY. H. Kelly, United
States Mint; James H. Wilkins, Prison
Director: Waverly Stairly, Internal Rev
enue Collector, and others, now for gold,
but formerly for silver.
Regarding the convention of 1894 in San
Francisco the record says:
The Federal office-holders in the State were
all participants in shaping the course and
platform of that convention containing the
above free silver coinage plank, and are tho
same men who Rre actively supporting the
'•Junta" Democratic committee of Sau Fran
cisco to-day and loudly demanding a gold
delegation be sent to Sacramento in order to
control in the Interest of the single gold stan
dard the delegation to the National Conven
tion, and at one fell swood reverse all Cali
fornia Democracy has done and said in the
interest of free coinage of silver since the de
monetization <v f,il\er iv 1873. Federal officers
in >-an Francisco have given tlieir instructions,
and all subordinates and employes know tnat
they will lose their places ii they do not sup
port the "Junta" and send IGI gold delegates
to Sacramento.
The position on free silver coinage atad other
matters of the regular General Committee of
the Democratic party of the Cily and County
! of San Francisco, who will send lUI delegat s
i to the Sacramento convention on June 1(3,
I 189(5, will be best undt-rstood and explained
by the pt- rusal of the following resolutions and
pledge, formally adopted on April IU, I»D6, at
a_reguiar meeting of that body, composed of
j 4">O members of the representative Democratic
iiarty workers in this City :
W. D. English and John Dageett were
respectively chairman and vice-chuirman
of the State Central Committee which
conducted the campaign of 18S6 in a plat
form declaring for free coinage. So on
goes the story from the flies and old scrap
books of how the leading members of the
present Federal brigade were out for silver
in times when no patronage appointments
had corrected their judgments on the
financial question.
There ure other things in the Record.
It cites State Convention precedents which
bid the Junta delegation stay off the tem
porary roll until the contest is settled by
the convention.
The State will be flooded with other cir
culars giving the history of the local split
and giving the Buckley committee the
ciear right of it, and when convention
delegates begin to be elected they will be
assiduously looked after.
Of course Christopher A. Buckley ao
proves all these moves, and his advice is
I kept busy ai the Kith of June seems draw-
I ing near arid the band is getting ready to
play.
There was a bie council of war at the
Occidental Club last night, attended by
Chris Buckley and all the heavy-weights of
the iiuekley forces. One campaign feature
that was discussed was the naming of
convention delegates, nominations for
wbicb are to ue made on the l(jth inst.
The Junta has a plan to win prestige by
sending up a lot cf big nice men, or at
least their names. The Buckleyites are
gome to play tnat game too. The roll of
tue Buckley delegation will get lots of
consideration, too, if it does not inspire
awe hy the big names on it.
The Junta roils will be opened for ad
ditional names on tlie 11th and 12th inst.,
and then three days will be allowed for
cativas-intr.
The Junta rolls will be opened on these
evenings at the following places:
TwentT-eichtb District— Third and Verona
streets.
Twenty-ninth— 429 Fourth.
Thirtieth— i-outhcast corner of Sixth and
Minna.
Thirty-first— Riuiseh and Folsom, Monday;
Ninth and Minna. Tuesday.
Thirty-second— sl4 Fourth.
Thirty-third— Twenty-third and Folsom.
Thirty-lourtii— Harmony Ilall, Mission and
Erie.
Tiiirtj -fifth— l4o4 Valencia, near Twenty
fifth.
Thirty-sixth— Northwest corner of Eight
eentli and Castro.
Thirty-seventh— Southeast corner of Hayes
and LH*uns, Monday; Burka'a Hull, Gough
and Halght, Tuesday.
TMrty-i-ighth — 611 McAllister, Monday;
1502 Turk, Tuesday.
Thirth-ninth— Saratoga Hull, Geary, between
Hyde and Lark in.
Fortieth— l&27 Fillmore, corner of Post.
Fortv-nrst— Washington and Broderick.
Forty-second— Amirican Hall, Monday ; Tur
ners' Hall, Tuesday.
Jorty-: bird— 62o Bush.
Forty-fourth— Northwest corner of Powell
and Lombard, Monday; southwest corner of
Stockton and Union, Tuesday.
Forty-fifth— 7l7 Montgomery.
HIS FATAL MISTAKE.
G. B. liarktn, an Old Man, Swallows
Laudanum Thinking It Was Cough .
Medicine.
G. B. Larkin, an old man living at 1124
Howard street, made a fatal mistake yes
! terday morning by swallowing a dose of
j laudanum instead of cough mixture.
He got up at 6 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and after milking his two cows he sat
down to read the morning paper till his
wife cooiced his breakfast. A severe lit of
coughing came on and he reached up to
the corner of the niantelpiece and took
what he thought was his bottle o' cough
mixture. He took the laudanum bottle
instead and swallowed about an ounce and
j a half. He commenced rending again, but
j soou fell asleep. His wife could not rouse
him up and becoming alarmed at seeing
I his face turning black she notified the
I Receiving Hospital and ne was taken tnere
I in the am bui an cc.
Dr. Rinne, who accompanied the am
bulance, pave him an antidote, and Dr.
Weil gave him another an hour or so later.
Everything was done to save his life, but
the poison had got too firm a hold upon
his system and he died about 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. His body was taken
to the Morgue.
TO BE HEARD AGAIN,
J. Howard Smith's Suit Sub
mitted to the Supreme
Court.
The Judges Are Evenly Divided, and
They Want to Hear More
Argument.
The suit of J. Howard Smith against the
Ferries and Cliff House line, which has been
pending on appeal before the Superior
Court, has Deen ordered resubmitted by
the Justices.
The order was made because the court is
evenly divided on the question, and the
Justices want to hear more argument.
Justice Garoutie, however, dissents. He
thinks the judgment of the lower court
should stand us it always does when tne
Supreme Court cannot come to a decision.
The order explains the cause of the dead-
Jock. It is as follows:
In this cause, Justice Harrison being dis
qualified and the others being equally divided
in opiniou as to whether the judgment should
be reaffirmed or reversed, and further argu
ment beinsjt desired by some of the Justices, it
is ordered that the submission of this case be
and the sajne hereby Is set aside, and that it
be placed upon the caleudar for further oral
argument.
Justice Garoutte dissented from this
order in the following words:
I dissent from the order submitting this case
for further argument. It has been pending in
this court for a long time and already has been
exhaustively argued. Printed briet-i ably pre
senting every question raised by this appeal
are now on tile, and no good purpose ca>j be
subserved by a rerabmlsslon. If the court be
equal y divided in opinion the judgment
should be affirmed on well-settled principles.
The suit brought by Smith is to have de
clared invalid a bond issue for $4,-00,000,
to compel an accounting from the directors
of the road and to huve it decreed that the
action of the directors in transferring to
themselves 24,750 shares of unsubscribed
stoclc was illegal. The action was brought
to prevent the ferries and Cliff House line
and its branches from joining the street
railway combine. It was commenced be
fore Judge Siack, and he sustained the de
fendants' demurrer to tlie complaint.
From that decision an appeal was taken.
•—• — ♦ — •
Song Kccilhl to Mrs. Westwater.
A song recital to be given Mrs. Eunice West
water, contralto, will take place on Tuesday
eveninp. May 19. at the hall of the Native Sons
of the Golden West. As Mrs. Wustwatnr has a
beautiful voice and Is a talented and cultivated
artist, the programme to be presented will de
liitiit her many friend?, who have already sig
nified their intention to be present on tbe even
ing named. |
NEWS OF THE CHURCHES,
Miss Sarah Pratt Carr Is Or
dained to the Unitarian
Ministry.
A PROMINENT SUFFRAGIST.
The Princess of Bulgaria to Be the
Recipient of Pope Leo's
Gold n Rose.
Mrs. Sarah Pratt Carrof Lemoore, a lady
who was very prominent during the
Woman's Congress held last year in
this City, is now entitled to prefix the title
of Reverend to her name. This distinc
tion was conferred t»y the solemn act of
ordination of the ITntarian Conference.
For some time past Mrs. Sarah Pratt Carr
has been very prominent in missionary
work at Lemoore and her labors have
resulted in the formation of The Unita
rian Society of Lemoore.
The church which Mrs. Carr has been
instrumental in organizing at Lemoore
and of which she will be pastor is to take
&i its motto, Deed<j rather than creeds.
Its objects will be, the preamble states, to
look after the interests of religion and
morality and to assist others in bearing
the burden of life. Mrs. Carr is associated
in lier work with Rev. Mr. Schultz, and
these two ministers have begun to extend
the sphere of their operations to Visalia
so successfully that plans are already
formulated for the organization of a
permanent Unitarian society.
The Unitarians of Redlands have de
cided to buy a lot and built a church, and
when Unitarians in Southern California
fully decide to do anything it is as well as
done.
Ever since the members of the First
Christian Church on Twelfth street re
ceived the resignation of Rev. Robert
Campbell they have been looking about
for a well-known preacher to step into his
shoes, but have not yet decided on one.
This morning the pulpit will be tilled by
Rev. Edward Davis of Oakland, known as
tbe actor-preacher on account of his
dramatic style of preaching, which has
caused many admirers of the drama to de
clare that he is a loss to tbe stage.
Dr. John Watson of Queen's College,
Queenstown, Canada, is now in Berkeley,
having come by invitation of the Philo
sophical Union of the State University to
deliver a serie3 of philosophical lectures.
Pope Leo is said to have selected the
Princess of Bulgaria as the recipient of the
Golden Rose for this year, in token of bis
approval at her opposition to making little
Prince Boris a member of the orthodox
faith.
The First Hebrew Congregation of Oak
land has obtained the desired legal author
ity to sell its present synagogue and pur
chase the new site.
±lev. A. B. Elzas, formerly of Sacra
mentto, but now of Charleston, has been
re-elected for three years. His congrega
tion, wliicu wus the first to use a Reform
ritual in America, has adopted the new
Union Prayer-book.
The members of the First Congrega
tional Church are to some extent like
sheep witnout a fold, though the officers
of Plymouth Congregational Church on
Po3t street have extended them a general
invitation to worship among the members
of Dr. Williams' flock. There is a rumor
that Catholic capitalists intend to buy the
First Church and present it to Archbishop
Riordan for a Catholic mission.
DR. GERRIGUES CONVICTED.
i rrtcc to Enforce the Reg-
istration of Births.
Dr. L. F. Guerrigues, the physician for
whose arrest a warrant was sworn out by
the ilealtn Department on a charge of
having violated the law by neglecting to
register births coming within his practice,
appeared in Judge Low's court for trial
yesterday and pleaded guilty. On the
advice of the Health Department Judge
Low assessed a fine of $5, merely as a warn
ing to other physicians, against whom the
Health Oftice has evidence, that the law
will be enforced.
Unless the case has the desired effect a
number of arrests will be made in the near
future.
910
PRISON-MADE JUTE BAGS
Only a Few Thousand Borax
Sacks to Be Made at
San Quentin.
COMPETING WITH FREE LABOR.
State Prison Directors In a Quandary
About Providing for Insane
Prisoners.
At the regular meeting of the State Board
of Prison Directors at San Quentin yester
day there was present R. M. Fitzgerald,
D. E. Hayes, James H. Wilkins and E. J.
Depue, J. H. Neff absent. The principal
subject considered was cue manufacture of
jute bags.
Warden Hale in his report stated that
the sale of jute bags for the season was
000,000. Of these 200,000 were sugar bags,
■which sold for h\C cents. Jute on hand
and to be delivered at the mill in a short
time amounts to 5813 bales. This will last
at the present rate of consumption until
about December 1.
The matter of selling 10,000 borax bags
to the Paciiic Borax Company brought up
the subject of the protest of the Oakland
Cotton Mills against competing with con
vict labor. Director Fitzgerald stated that
he had discussed the matter with Mr. Ruth
erford of the Oakland company betore
the contract was let, but he did not make
much objection to the Slate turning out
the work.
It was not until after the Warden had
made the contract with the borax firm
that the employes of the cotton mills
entered their protest against what they
considered unfair competition. Ttien v
was that Mr. Fitzgerald called the atten
tion of Mr. Rutherford to the fact that the
State has worked up a little trade in the
sale of sugar bags to the Ghino refinery
and with the Sandwich Islands. He wanted
to know of Mr. Rutherford if a protest
would be made if the State turns its atten
tion to this class of product. Mr. Ruther
ford told him that there would not.
Director Hayes said that after the board
works up a trade in these lines it cannot
afford to entertain any more protests in
that direction. It was the sentiment of
the directors that while not desiring to
enter into competition with free labor
there are several kinds of jute bags that
the free mills are not prepared to handle.
It was decided to fill the order for 10,000
borax bags, but not to make any more.
Warden Hale asked" for permission to
tear down the old brick laundry and erect
another structure for the confinement of
weak-minded and insane prisoners. The
present "cranky alley" is not a fit
place for this class of prisoners. The
bricks could be saved and be used in a
new building.
This raised another annoying subject.
There is no fund upou which to draw to
erect a suitable building for the criminal
insane, and there is too much risk in send
ing ttieni to the asylums.
Lirector Wilkins suggested that thesub
ject be taken up at the next meeting at
Folsom. It might be advisable to bniid a
ward for the insane at that prison. The
quarries there would furnish all the mate
rial necessary for :i substantial structure,
and all insane convicts could be kept at
Folsom. The subject was laid over until
the next meeting at Foisom. The Warden
was authorized to tear down the old laun
dry.
Toe reports of about two dozen parole
convicts now scattered all over the State
were read, showing that the system is
working successfully, and that the men
COOK
& co.
123 Kearny Street.
GREAT
EMERGENCY
SALE!
Fish in Troubled Waters.
Wo are In want of money, In
want of business. Do we know
a thing or two about getting
both? We think so. This sale
Is a scorcher. It's going to last
some time. We are virtually
selling out It's a COLOSSAL
SALE.
Bulletin No. I.
It's hard to let go at these
prices, but emergencies com-
pel queer doings.
???????
CHINAWARE FOR THE TABLE.
PLATES—
Kxquisite Fancy Decorated China Fruit
Plates, $ 4 per dozen reeular.
Emergency Price, 15c Each
OATMEAL SAFCERS—
Beautiful China. Tasteful Decorations In
Uatmeal haucers, $4 50 regular price.
Emergency Price, 12V2C Each j
CUPS AND SAUCERS-
Very Dainty Decorations In Pretty Shaped
Tea Cups and Saucers of fine china, suclx
as we have been selling at $6 a dozen.
Emergency Price, 10c Each
SALAD OR BERRY BOWLS -
Beautiful ones in fancy chtna, pink lnster
qffect, with flowers and sprays, large size,
never less than $'2 25 earn.
Emergency Price, SI.OO Each '
BITTER PLATES-
Indlvldual Butter Plates, dainty decora-
tions, beautiful china, regular price $1 25
a dozen.
Emergency Price, 50c Dozen
Big Discounts on All Our E'egant Or-
naments.
COOK
&CO.,
Crockery Merchants,
123 Kearny Street.
are doing well and leading exemplary
iives.
Conrad Praetzel was appointed as parole
clerk to take charge of this department at
a salary of $75 per month.
Several convicts appeared before the
board. Adam Stroh was charged with
baring opium in his possession. He said
that he has been using opium since Decem
ber. It was given to him by a friend, but
he refused to divulge the name of his
friend, nor could any information be ob
tained as to how the drug was taken into
the prison.
The u'uard testified that in Stroh's cell
were about two pounds of the drue. The
board decided that Stroh should forfeit all
his credits and wear a ball and chain for
thirty days.
William Laßrie asked for a restoration
of twenty-seven months' credits, forfeited
for stealing $5 from the captain of the
prison steamer Caroline. The case was
continued indefinitely, as Laßrie has still
a long term to serve.
Upon the recommendation of the War
den eight months' credits were restored to
John McNamee, accused of fighting. This
will let the young fellow leave the prison
on August 2.
SWEET HOUR OF ART.
Directors Bosqni and Stafford of the Art
Association Cannot Agree.
The new directory of the San Francisco
Art Association is not the happiest official
family in town. There are several points
upon which the board cannot agree, and
one which seems trivial at first glance
becomes more important as the subject is
observed. This ooint relates to the hour
of board meetings. It is claimed that Di
rector Bosqui, who has given a guiding
hand to the Art Association for more than
twenty years, prefers to meet his felJow
directors for the transaction of official
business during some hour of daylight.
On the other hand, "William G*. Stafford,
the new secretary of the association, pre
fers that -the directors should convene at
some hour between twilight and dawn.
The noon hour is very convenient to Mr.
Boqui. who dwells in Marin County after
darK, and prefers to pass his evenings at
home. Mr. Bosqui's ideas of happiness
consist in giving his days to art and his
nights to sleep.
The commercial environment which
beages the artistic genius of Mr. Stafford
relates to daily transactions in Beaver Hill
coal. Mr. Stafford would give both his
days and nights to art were he a million
aire, but the hard features of selling a long
ton of coal for a figure below the cost of a
picture-frame keeps him in the ranks of
the toilers.
While he cannot give lavishly in money
to promote art he can lend his moral sup
port and give some of his time, but he
cannot conscientiously give that time in
the daylight, when he ought to be watch
ing the coal market and keeping an eye on
Alex Dunsmuir, Arthur Ebbetts, P. B.
Cornwall and other dealers in hard ana
soft coal.
Now, it occurred to Mr. Martin of the
j Art Association a few days ago that lie
could reconcile the differences in the board
by having lunch at the institute on the
days the board met. He fancied that this
would allure ali the members of the board,
and the proposed spread at the Art Insti
tute on the hill unfolded another and a
broader proposition.
There he wouid be compelled to eat his
victuals, talk of art and think of coal, all
at the same time. The idea did not par
ticularly catch the fancy of Secretary
Stafford. The secretary was Dot so easily
won over. At his usual place of luncheon,
the Bohemian Ciub, he knows that he can
eat his food and yet keep his mind on
coal, but the task was too great and he de
clined the round table at the institute.
The vexed question is further than ever
from settlement. Bosqui Holds out for
daylight sessions, and Stafford insists that
the evening hours should be sacred to art.
Probably the largest casting ever made
in the country was turned out recently at
a foundry in Pittsfield. Mass. It wan a
plate for the Berkshire Glass Works,
weighed 9000 pounds, was 14 feet long and
44 inches wide and 5 inches thick.
LOOK
& CO.
123 Kearny Street.
GREAT
emergency:
SALE!
Swimming Against the Stream.
It's bad work, this losing
money; well, let's lose more,
and wait for bettertimes. We'll
make money then. This is
your chance. It's a wonderful
one.
Bulletin No. 2.
GLASSWARE- ;,-/
Genuine Cut Crystal Oil and Vinegar Bot-
tles, with cut lapidary stoppers; real value
$3 50.
Emergency Price, 51. 4 Each
BEAUTIFUL IMITATION CUT GLASS
VASES-
You can't tell them from the real article.
8-inch sire— Emergency Price, 20c !
10-inch size— Emergency Price, 30e :
A NEW SHAPE IN FINE AMERICAN !
GLASS TOOTHPICK HOLDERS-
Sucli as are sold at 36c.
.Emergency Price, 5c Each j
ENGRAVED DECANTERS-
Quart size, Imported glass. ; '"':" ' :
Emergency Price, 20c Each
THOSE FINE THIN BLOWN WATER
TIMIiLKRS-
Such as ore sold at $1 a dozen. To bring
trade,
■ Emergency Price, 5c Each
Fish Sets In Gorgeous Variety and As-
sortment. Yours at any reasonable offer.
COOK
&CO.,
Crockery Merchants,
123 Kearny Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
The British Iron Bark Centaur Burning at Sea, April 17, Southwest of Hilo.
[Sketched by a "Call 1 ' artift from a description.]
THE BARK CENTAUR LOST,
Burned at Sea Eight Hundred
Miles to the Southward
From Hilo.
CREW DRIVEN TO THE BOATS.
After Exposure in a Gale for Nine
Days the Castaways Reach
the Shore.
The Oceanic steamship Monowai, which
arrived yesterday morning from Austra
lia by way of Honolulu, brings the news
of the loss of the British barn Centaur, off
Hilo. April 17.
The vessel sailed from this port April 5
with a carpo of wheat bound for Marys
borough, Queensland. Twelve days after
in latitude 14 degrees 40 minutes north
and longitude 142 degrees 12 minutes west
she caught fire and was consumed. One
of the crew accidentally d ropped a lighted
laxp into the bold onto a bale of burlap
that was saturated with parafrine oil. The
crew made every eflori to subdue the
flames, but without avail, and the entire
hold was soon a roaring furnace. Hutches
were battened down and all air passages
were closed, but the devouring flames con
tinued to make their way through tlie in
terior of the vessel.
During the niglu the frightened crew
walked the heated decks and moraentarilv
expected that the pent-up flames would
burst the hull asunder. By morning
everything was so hot that they could not
remain longer on the deck. They could
COOK
& CO.
123 Kearny Street.
GREAT
emergency:
SALE!
A Hornet's Nest About Our Ears.
We don't want to wallow In
the Slough of Despond like
some of our competitors, al-
though we are dangerously \
near the slough.
We've got backbone, and
we're going to do business at I
any cost.
Guess you'll think so, too,
when you read this :
Bulletin No. 3.
it's a Gigantic Sale.
SILVER-PLATED WARE AND CUT.
LERY-
(Guaranteed Best Quadruple Silver Plate.)
Chased Butter Dishes 52.40
Chased Sugar Bowls 1.75
Chased Cream Pitchers 1.05
Chased Spoon Holders 1.85
Chased Crnmbpan and Scrapers... 4.45
KNIVES— ~
(The Good, Serviceable Kind).
Sheffield Double Plated Table
Knive5:........ ..B.>c per Set
Best Plated (warranted) Table
Knives.. '.....81.75 per Set
Beat Plated (warranted) Dessert
Knives «1.50 per Set
Russell's Finest Steel, Bone Han-
dle Table Knives SI. 40 per Set
GENUINE ROGERS' SPOONS AND
FOKKS- '■■; •
Fancy Shell Design Table Spoons
„ ••—••••••■• .........82.20 per Set
Fancy Shell Design Table Forks...
..........82.20 per Set
Fancy Shell Design Tea Spoons
• •• ..i.:.81.10. 81.10 per Set
Fancy Shell Design Black . Coffee
Spoons ....81. 10 per Set
"We have a large Variety of Silver-
plated Ware, and it's THE time to
buy it. ''_______' ■■'■-•*■- "•- •-
COOK
& CO., j
Crockery Merchants, !
123 Kearny Street. 1
hear the dull roar of the flames beneath
them, and when tha pitch had melted out
of the seams between the planks the
smoke was beginning to escape.
Land was 800 miles away and no other
ship was in sight, but they knew that the
burning bark must be abandoned. On the
18th they took to the boats, and just in
time, for the plates burst and ?he was
commencing to settle as they pulled away.
They remained alongside until the bark
disappeared, then started for Hilo. A
stiff gale was blowing, and the castaways
suffered from exposure for nine days and
nights. The seas rolled into their boats,
wetting them to the sKin and keeping
them bailing out the water constantly.
They succeeded, however, in reaching
shore, where they were taken care of.
They will return to this City by the next
stenmer.
The Centaur was an iron bark owned by
Johnson, Sproul & Co. of Liverpool. She
. arrived here last summer from England,
and, alter discharging her cargo, toyk
aboard a load of wheat. Her captain was
John S. Bester and she carried a crew all
told of twenty men.
FATHER YORKE.
He Will Lecture Again Next Tuesday
in Metropolitan Temple.
On next Tuesday evenine, May 12, Rev.
Father Yorke will deliver the fifth and
last lecture of the course, "The Noontide
of Freedom," in Metropolitan Temple,
under the auspices of the American
Women's Liberal League.
Tickets can be secured on Monday and
Tuesday at the headquarters of the league,
room 6, Donohoe building, corner of Tay
lor and Market streets.
— ■• — « — -~
I'ark Mu.il. To-IJay.
The Golden Gate Pnrk band will render the
following programme to-day at the park
(weather permitting), commencing at 2 p. m. :
"Capital City March" Lauras. Ilartman
Overture, '•Macbeth" J. L. Hatton
Selection, "Fatlnltza" Suppe
volte. "Mancherite" L. Schmidt
"I* Cld." entr'acte et alrsde ballet Massenet
Overture, "Zampa" llerold
Serenade, solo for horn with flute obligate. TIU
Horn, R. Scl,lott; flute, A. Lombardo.
fantasia, "Koberto 11 liiavolo" Meyerbeer
Waltz. "New D.-l Monte"..' Redding
March, "The ltose Carnival" . Til ton
COOK
& CO.
123 Kearny Street.
GREAT
EMERGENCY
SALE!
Can We Buffet the Waves?
Don't you know that when every-
body cries hard times It's then
they're ready to grab bargains when j
they see them. You know— cer- J
tainly you do— that these prices are
merely temporary ones Just to help
us set money to pay some mighty
big obligations. It's a marvelous
sale.
Bulletin No. 4.
DINNER SETS—
Complete Dinner Sets of 100 pieces for 12
persons.
Beautiful White Semi-Porcelain, grace-
ful design and best quality. Regular price
$13 50.
Emergency Price. 89.50
Decorated Porcelain In plain colors.
Regular price 13 50.
Emergency Price, 87.75
Fancy colored (lower decoration in deli-
cate designs, semi-porcelain. Rugular
price Bii2 CO. •
Emergency Price, 815.75
American China, very dainty decoration.
Regular price $20.
Kmergency Price, 815.00
Fine Carlsbad China, decorated In vari-
ous designs and coors. Regular price $30.
Emergency Price, 832.50
Fine French China in a variety of exclu-
sive i'rencu<tecoritti"ii.3. Regular price $ 50.
Emergency Price, 930. 50
Half sets for family of li persons in pure
white semi- porcelain, Regular price $7. .
Emergency Price. 84. 75
Half set for 6 persons in best English
semi-porcelain, decorated in plain colors.
Regular price »9 25.
Emergency, Price, 86.25
Half set for 6 persons in best English
semi-porcelain, decorated in fancy colors.
Regular price 12 50.
Emergency Price, 88.55
COOK
&CO-,
Crockery Merchants,
123 Kearny Street.
ANGERED LEGAL LIGHTS.
General Barnes and Counsel
Herrin Irdignantly Deny
They Are at Outs.
REGARD EACH OTHER HIGHLY.
Published Statements to the Contrary
Caustically Denounced by Both
Gentlemen.
Both William F. Herrin, chief counse
of the Southern Pacific Company, and
General W. H. L. Barnes are deeply indig
nant over an article that appeared in yes
terday's Examiner stating that the latter
had been stricken from the list of the
Southern Tacific Company' 9 salaried at
torneys through the instrumentality of
the former and would hereafter pimply be
employed as occasion demanded, that feel
ings of bitter animosity existed between
the gentlemen named, and making other
assertions not calculated to please either
Mr. Herrin or General Barnes nor to
strengthen the friendly relations between
them.
So strongly uas the article in question
jarred the peace of mind of the Republi
can general, who acted as the convention
correspondent of the Democratic paper,
which now seeks to create estrangement
between him and the chief counsel of the
Southern Pacific Company, that he has
addressed the following communication
on the subject to The Call:
San Francisco, Cai«. May 9, 1896.
To the Editor of the Examiner— Sir: I have
& CO.
123 Kearny Street.
GREAT
EMERGENCY
SALE!
A Sorry Sight
To see beautiful, attractive
goods selling for a mere song,
but we fancy our troubles don't
bother you; perhaps you have
troubles of your own.
It may not be wise waiting to
take advantage of some of our
emergency prices; perhaps
you're short of money to-mor-
row? Well, then, come on
Tuesday, or any other day of
the week.
Bulletin No. 5.
LAMPS AND TABIES-
We carry the largest line and have one
room exclusively for the display of Lamps,
'-'00 Celebrated Rochester Lamps, nickel-
silver plate, large sixty-candle power
center-draught burner, with ten-inch shade,
all complete.
Emergency Price, 51. 50
75 Rich Gold-pint* Parlor Tables, with
fine onyx marble tops.
Emergency Price, 94.35 Each
65 Beautiful Gilt Banquet Lamm, with
figure of Cupid holding up 'he bowl; also
fine silk shade, trimmed in lace.
Kmergency Price, 53. 85 Kach
100 very neat Fancy Table Lamps, with
decorated bowl and a shade to mutch It, all
complete.
Emergency Price, S-.35 Each
50 Hanging Lamps, in rich gold double
extenston, for lowering and raising 14-inch
opal shade on ring frame, with 36 crystal
prisms, all complete.
Kmergency Price, 53.00 Each
Royal Worcefttnr, Doulton Crown
Derby and Pointon Ornaments at less
than cost.
COOK
&CO-,
Crockery Merchants,
123 Kearny Street.
read with some personal interest the article on
page 9of the Examiner of this day, entitled
"General Barnes Loses His Salary-" I cannot
imagine the source from which the statements
made in the article emanated. It is enough to
gay that it is wholly without foundation in
fact so far as it relates to m«.
The article states that I refused to discuss
the matter or the reasons for the change. I
have to say that I have never been spoken to
on the subject by any person.
It also states: "Herrni and Barnes are not
the best of friends, and their dislike of each
other goes back to the days of the Sharon di
vorce case." 1 desire to say that, on the con
trary, Mr. Herrin and myself ure the best of
friends, and our friendship is founded upon
mutual respect and esteem. Mr. Herrin bus
never done t»n unfriendly act to me, and, on
the contrary, has shown his kindly feelings in
many ways and at all times, and I should be
glad of an opportunity to render like service
to him. Mr. Herrin has never gone out of his
way to attack my legal ability ; on the contrary,
he has procured my employment in important
I was not displeased when Mr. Herrin De
came the chief counsel of the Southern Pa
cific Company. I was glad of it. I never
goughtthe position and, so far as I know, I
wu never suggested as a possible candidate
;or it It did not nettle me to have Mr. Herrtn
put over me. I never had any assurance
from the Crockers that my relation to the
company would not be disturbed. Colonel
Croc Ker and myself never spoke on the subject.
If Mr Herrin's attitude toward me has the
approval of the Uuntingtons I am pleased.
My acquaintance with Mr. C. P. Huntington Is
very slight: indeed, I never met him socially
until his last visit to San Francisco. I am,
however, acquainted with Mr. H. K. Hunting
ton and like him very much, and our relations ]
have always been most pleasant, and I know j
no reason why they should not continue as 1
they arc. \ours truly, W. H. L. Barnes.
Not less outspoken than General Barnes j
is Mr. Herrin, who when interviewed yes
terday on the matter expressed his indig
nation as follows:
"The article in the Examiner this morn
ing appears to be a fabrication from be
ginning to end. There has been no change
whatever in the terms of en.p'.oyment of
General Barnes by the company. On the
contrary, his employment stands just as
it did when I became chief counsel of the
company.
"The statement, therefore, that some
warm conversation had occurred between
General Barnes and myself on the subject
is entirely untrue, as there has been no
change and, in fact, no thought of
change.
'It is also stated that I declined to dis
cuss the reasons for this change. This.
too, is entirely untrue, as the matter was
never mentioned to me. Tne first intima
tion I had of it was when my attention
wae called to the article as publish! d.
"The statement that 'Herrin and Barnes
are not the beat of friends' is also made
out of whole cloth. We have never had
any difficulty or unpleasantness, and our
relations throughout the Sharon divorce
case were entirely pleasant and friendly
and in the last proceedings had in this
litigation General Barnes and I acted
together as sole attorneys for the Sharon
estate."
On being shown General Barnes' letter
and after perusing it he said in emphatic
tones, "I indorse everything said by Gen
eral Barnes."
FEMALE EMBEZZLER.
Jennie Morgan, Alias Mrs. C. A. Doug
las, Arrested.
Jennie Morgan, alias Mrs. C. A. Doug
las, was taken from the City and County
Hospital to the City Prison yesterday
morning by Detective Anthony, and
booked on the charge of felony embezzle
ment.
The complaining witness against her is
J. H. Scott, a dealer in pianos. Sbe bought
a piano from him on the installment plan,
and sold it to Professor Bonelli, 215 Powell
street for $60, after she had paid the first
installment.
She said yesterday that her hnsband
died in Salem, Or., eight months ago. She
came to OaKland, where she met a farmer
named Charles A. Douglas, and he insti
gated her to buy the piano and sell it.
She did not know where he lived in Oak
land. The police do not place any credit
in her story.
» ♦ — •
In London a publisher can have a book
well illustrated throughout for from $125
to |250.
\/ vJ' lSw
& CO.
S9HSBHB3BBBI
123 Kearny Street.
GREAT
EMERGENCY
MtKbtNbi
SALE!
Never Say Die.
Do you think we will make a
wry face when you come to
gather up our bargains? Not a
bit of it. We'll be more pleased
to sell to you now at a loss than
we would be in money-making
times. The reason is, we need
quick results. We'll thankyou
sincerely to buy our goods be-
low cost. IT'S A WONDER-
FUL SALE.
Bulletin No. 6.
OBNAMENTS-
Some Specials In Neat and Tasteful Or-
naments:
C- i.met Ornaments. Small China Oddities,
with new style paintings.
.Emergency Price, 25c Each
Rose Bowls, new shape, with paintings of
flowers, etc.
• Emergency Price, 45c Each
Beautiful Ruby-colored Epergnes, being
a dish with flower vase In center.
Emergency. Price, 81.35 Each
Genuine Cut Crystal Vloiet Vases.
Emergency Price, SI. OO Each
Fine and Dainty Bohemian Glass, Small :
tio°n Wer *' rich witn heavy gold decora-
Emergency Price, 250 Each
Hyacinth Glasses in various colors. -
Emergency Price, 15c Each
- Clear Glass Imitation Cut Flower Vases.
Emergency Price, 200 Each
Piano ramps and Cablnets-they're to
be sold at a laughable price.
COOK
&CO.,
Crockery Merchants,
123 Kearny Street.
FOR A LITTLE INCURABLE
Ladies' Orchestra to Establish a >
Bed in the Children's
Hospital.
TO BE MAINTAINED BY THEM.
Mrs. Wright, the President. Speaks of
the Orchestra's Charitable
Labors.
. There will be another bed established in.
the incurable annex of the Children's
Hospital. At least, several charitably in
clined young ladies of the City have ex
pressed their determination that such
shall be the case. -
These young ladies comprise the Satur
day Morning Orchestra, which has been in
existence for some five years. During that
time it has given many concerts-very suc
cessful ones-and the proceeds have invari
ably been handed over to prominent charit
able bodies.
The orchestra is composed of the follow
ing ladies:
Ch P a7lo^^ r % S ' S-^S -^' ri & ht: ™Knist 8 . Miss
«• 1 ; Anme Gibson, Miss \annie v»n
ttyck Mrs. Fletcher, Mli WWte, lliw EdS2
Ronlean mV *}'■?. B" I**^*.1 **^*. Miss Blanche
buff vis f , n hl^ vi VV h »cellin 8 , Miss Emma
MUs Rpnt-h ele Roulea «. Miss Barrington,
\ ita M»°v hh R U!ien: VIOIH - Mis£ Bessie Fuhera
kirk Mi« v rrin $ on; . baBSO8 ' Mrs - Van Bus '
Dillon mr , \, Moodsr; harpist. Miss Mary
Pearl \nn\V M & Ludlo « r : cornetists, Miss
hnnut m, • M , r r s - She pman, Mrs. Brown; trom
fC-v'- i iSS M^ d * oble - tympanist M™s
aiJSS'b re drum - Miss «azer; Mr.
Alfred Roncovierl, musical director. •
-J!!™' S ' « Wri ht . the president, Is very
enthusiastic on the subject. She says the
rest of the members are as delighted with
the project as she.
"Of course," she said, "we expect that
we are undertaking something that en
tails great responsibility, but this is not
M T e j nt . end to do we want to maintain
the bed right along.
"I do hope that it will be a success. The
youneer members of the orchestra espe
clal[y ar very confident and hopeful.
t Mr. Roncovieri has been conscientious
m his instruction, and I believe that we
have an orchestra that for execution can
be compared favorably with any amateur
orchestra in the country.
"When we look about us at the wee
mites to idling about the street with little
or no supervision, and reflect that the lives
they lead are likely to place them in need
of sKillrul nursing and good wholesome
food at any time, we all ought to quit
theorizing about how to manage to relieve
them, and get down to good, practical,
earnest work in their behalf.
"The Saturday Morning Orchestra has
merely joined the procession in behalf of
the children. And so we propose to estab
lish a bed in the Children's Hospital.
"The method we have chosen is to give
a concert at Golden Gate Hall on the even
ing of the 28th inst. This will be followed
by others at opportune times and the pro
ceeds in every case will go for the main
tenance of the bed.
"There will be some special features at
the concert, such as song by Mrs. O. P.
Evans, violin solos by Miss Crabtree and
Miss Gruenhagen, a duet with cornet and
trombone by the Misses Noble, and many
other pleasing items. We have worked
hard and deserve success."
According to a report from Consul Sey
mour of Palermo experiments made in
that consular district with sulphate of
ammonia as a. fertilizer lor the citrus and ■
the vine have proved very satisfactory.
COOK
& co.
123 Kearny Street.
GREAT
EMERGENCY
SALE!
Between Hawk and Buzzard,
But we know enough to turn
the right way. It's sure we're
not in business for our health,
but you'll Imagineso when you
scan our bulletins. However,
the whys and the wherefores of
this Emergency Sale is our
secret— we're willing to give you
our goods at a loss. Are you
ready to buy them ? AN
AMAZING SALE.
Bulletin No. 7.
TOILET SETS, TEA SETB-
500 Toilet Sets, slightly crazed; they ara
decorated in various colors and otherwise
excellent goods; always sold at 94 SO.
£inergency Price, 53. 00
100 Toilet Seta, full sets, with cream and
slop jar: v variety of them and all decora-
ted. They are ?6 75 resrular.
Emergency Price, 94.20
200 Washstand Sets, In fancy colored
Carlsbad Chiua; s*t consists of soap dish,
mug and brush-holder. $1 50 is the usual
price. _ ,
Kinergency Price, 500
100 Tea fsets. 44 pieces, in decorated
semiporcf-lain — not lUe cheap kind you see
in Rrocery stores, but good Al ware. Usual
price $ 1 50.
Emergency Price, 53. 25
150 Exquisite China Tea Sets, 44 pieces;
thest* sets are (inechinaandcomeln various
styles of decorations; eo'.d band sprays,
flowers, etc They're marked at $10 a set,
Kinergency I rite, 86. 50
Our assortment of Rich Cat -Glass is
endlefts. and yon can buy it now for less
money than we paid for it.
COOK
& CO.,
Crockery Merchants,
123 Kearny Street.BOTH REPUBLICANS
PREDICT SUCCESS,
W. E. Arthur and J. C.
Lynch on the Political
Outlook.
LEADERS ARE CONFIDENT
Convention Chairman and Future
Lieutenant • Governor
Concur.
IT WILL BE A WALKOVER.
Tribute to Mr. Spreckels for His
Work— Democrats Will Try to
Get the Legislature.
J. C. Lynch of San Bernardino County,
who has been nominated by the Republi
cans of California for Lieutenant-Gov
ernor, will leave for his home to-day. Mr.
Lynch is very confident of the success of
the Republican principles in this State
and over the Nation.
He is well satisfied with the work of the
State Convention, and believes that wis
dom has been displayed as manifested in
its platform. He does not doubt that the
ticket this fall will be successful.
Mr. Lynch, who is a native of Ohio, and
who spent some time in Chicago before
coming here, has been in California fifteen
years. It is not g nerally known, but is a
fact, that he is the son of the famous Gen
eral John Lynch, of Louisiana, president
ol the Lynch Returning Board. Mr.
Lynch Sr. was a State Senator in Louisi
ana, also chairman of the State Central
Committee for a good many years, and
was also burveyor-Ueneral. lie was dur
ing those years a close political friend of
Governor NVeymouth and other voted Re
publicans.
Mr. Lynch, who has been nominated for
Lieutenant-Governor, has had a steady
ri^e. Only a little while ago he was
elected a member of the Legislature. Then
he was mentioned for Speaker, was
elected, made a record, and a few days ago
at Sacramento was nominated by the Re
publicans for the highest office but one
under the State Government.
Mr. Lynch pays a high tribute to Mr.
Spreckels for his disinterestedness in try
ing to give the people of this City and
State a good government. In a general
way la9t niihtMr. Lynch said:
••lam satisfied that the feeling in Cali
fornia in favor of Republicanism is over
whelming. I am certain, too, that the
last three years have been an object lesson
to the people in favor of protection
stronger than any argument that could be
made.
"I think, too, that the Populist craze is
dying out. In Southern California the
Populists have ceased to cut any particu
lar figure.
"I am sure, too, from what I have ob
served, that a large portion of the usually
Democratic vote will this year be solid for
the Republican party. And in my judg
ment the Republican majority in Cali
fornia will be a surprise to the most san
guine Republicans.
"In niany of tne Southern counties the
Democratic party has almost lost its or
ganization, and is making but feeble
efforts.
"The real efforts of tbe Democrats will
he finally toward getting a majority of the
Legislators. Tney are going to make an
effort to capture the next United States
Senator. And tney are making this effort
with some degree of confidence. This I
know. They nope to win votes on little
side issues, and to catch votes from those
who may feel disaffected.
"I think the Republican party as a whole
understands and appreciates fully the dis
interestedness of Mr. Spreckels. He is the
recognized leader, and is a gentleman who
is doing a good deal for the State. As to
National politics, there is no question but
the man who is nominated at St. Louis
will be triumphantly elected. We have
Hon. W. E. Arthur of Pasadena, Chairman of the Recent Republican State Convention.
Hon. J. C. Lynch, Republican Nominee lor Lieutenant-Governor, Who Gives His Views on State and
National Politics.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
had enough of Democracy as it has been I
dealt out to us for the last three or four
years. We want protection to our inter
ests and a Government that will bring
back the old prosperity always found
| under a Republican administration."
W. E. Arthur, chairman of the recent
Republican State Convention at Sacra
mento, who is at the Palace, yesterday ex
pressed his satisfaction at the work of the
convention and confidence ad to the ulti
mate victory of the party.
"I have seen some criticisms," he said,
| "that portrayed the convention as ap
pathetic, and the men comprising it as
lacking interest. There could have been
Ino statement farther from the truth. I
believe that a man, or an aggregation of
men, may have so deep an interest in a
thing, that words may seem useless.
"Men may be so severely in earnest that
they may seem absolutely indifferent.
But I can assure any, who have believed
otherwise, that the delegates to the State
Convention were not cold; they \*ere dead
in earnest.
"It was a convention of men who had
positive convictions. They knew what
they wanted, and were going to have it.
There was no need of any flapdoodle
I speeches, or any attempt to pull feathers
out of the eagle's tail.
"One of the most notable things was the
unanimity with which the report of the
committee on credentials was accepted.
It showed that there was the strongest
| confidence in the men comprising the
committee.
•'These were men in fact among the
ablest in the State. They had been chosen
I with care. They executed their trust well
and had the confidence of their co-workers
in Republicanism.
"Another thing the convention did and
that was that it emphasised its repudia
tion of the appointment of delegates by
[A study from life by a "Call" staff artist.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
committees.
"What of the outlook for a victory?"
"It will be a walkover."
"In Pasadena, my town, at least ten per
cent of the prominent Democrats — there
are not very many of them — have long
since announced that they will support
the Republican ticket.
"Besides this, all over Southern Califor
nia the Democratic defection is great.
"It is above and beyond all question that
California is Republican, and I think al!
Republicans see and understand that they
must lake their National policy from the
National platform. There is no doubt
about that. We may desire certain things
locally, bat when the National Conven
tion has voiced the belief of the great
party which has now so many victories,
by its platforms, that platiorm will guide
all true Republicans.
FACED THE HUSBAND.
Bastian, Who Ruined Mri. Kline's Life,
Tells His Story to tbe
Coroner.
The peculiar spectacle of the destroyer
of a once happy home announcing in tbe
present I ** of the man whose happiness he
had wrecked that his evil influence had
brought about the family disruption was
i witnessed at the Coroner's office yesterday
during the inquest on the body of Mrs.
Mac Kline, who committed suicide on
May 3, at 518 Geary street, by sending a
bullet through her brain.
Thomas C. Holden, tbe divorced hus
band of the suicide, was placed on the
stand. In a plain, blunt way he told how
one A. C. Bastian had enticed his wife,
and later caused her to leave him. "The
deceased was taken ill some two years ago,
and, thinking she was dying, had con
fessed all to him." Holden then stated
that he had given nis wife a regular
monthly allowance from the day of the
separation to the time of her death.
During the recital of this story Bastian
brought down the wrath of the Coroner on
his head by laughing outright. "Do you
think it Is funny to hear this witness tell
ing of his sorrows?" Said Coroner Haw
kins. "We will put you in jail and col
you off." After that the young fellow was
as quiet as a church mouse.
Bastian was then placed on the witness
stand. He endeavored to throw the whole
blame of Mrs. Kline's affection for him
and his for her on the husband. He said
Holden bad often \ent him with his wife
to places of amusement and one time in
sisted on his accompanying her to Peta
luma. ".".-V,
The jury, after a few moments' delibera
tion, returned the following verdict:
We, the jurors of the inquest of Mrs. Mac
Kline, find that she came to her death by her
own hands through despondency caused by
unrequited love and by a letter received from
one Fred Bastian and the jury censures him
for his actions.
» * — » -
Military Priionera En Koutf.
Corporals J. S. Cunningham and John H.
Price of the Fourteenth Infantry, Vancouver
Barracks, Washington, brought down seven
prisoners for Alcatraz. The following were
tried and sentenced at Fort Sherman, Idaho.
They were members of the Fourth Infantry
band and were convicted of desertion and
laroeny:
John J. Hughes, five years; J. Bersee. four
yenrb; W. Kurz, three years; J. Kygard, two
years.
Frank G. Afflick was tried at Vancouver,
Wash., for desertion and larceny and sen
tenced to three and a half years' imprison
ment. AfHicklsa graduate of Harvard and
member of Troop F, Fourth Cavalry, Boise
Barracks, Idaho.
J. Rivard of Walla Walla goes for two years
for desertion, and J. Conway of the same place,
for the same offense, will serve two years aud a
half.
The figure of Britannia first appeared
on the copper coins in the reign of Charles
IT.
NEW TO-DAY.
HUMPHREYS'
Why continue to suffer under old-
school treatment, when you can be
made well and strong by Homeop-
athy?
Did you ever try Humphreys'
Specifics? If not, there Is hope for
you— health for you, almost tapping
at your door; step Into the nearest
drugstore and ask for the Specific
you need, set well and strong for
a quarter. It Is a small Investment,
but means much to you.
A cure for Colds, Catarrh, Rheu-
matism, Whooping Cough, Skin
Diseases, Bowel Complaint, Head-
ache, Neuralgia, Dyspepsia, Kidney
and Liver Troubles, or anything
you require described In Dr. Hum-
phreys' Manual, free at your drug-
gist, or mailed on request.
We have a large sheet of Un-
solicited Testimonials Just teeming
with good things that you want to
know.
Small bottles of pleasant pellets, fit the vest
pocKeL Sold by druggists, or Bent prepaid upon
receipt of price, 25 cents. Humphreys' Medicine
Company, 111 William st,, New York.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
/m- Weakness of Body and
//F-«\_ Mind, Effects of Errors
w£Rs^ or Excesses in Old or
-^.X^/^jMi Young. Robust, Noblo
€F\CJk^T Manhood fully Restored.
it vet/ "" >^ How to Enlarge and
Eg ely »^ Strengthen Weak, Un-
/sfl^a\Br-''^^ ( ia'levelcped Portions ot
JsllVMA > 'J*^\ Body. Absolutely un-
l\Vc/iW'J^<\\ KiM failing Homo Treatment.
' WJIW\A MB —Benefits In a day.
Men testily from. 50 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEMCfIL en.. Buffalo. N. Y.
f^F^f^GO^f^f-" **^sLr^s "££■ $4l^mKß}*i *&$&& I^* ~~ -p^-"~ 1 FtflU^f Bufi^) Mi I^BB "^^t^*" i^&~ f ~ * / "
m mm
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
■M- being one of the wosdkes of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Fluent Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia*
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Care far Khetmint Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS £10 TO «13 PEK WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. 9.
PACIFIC CdMESS SPRIGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
KESOKT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATKD IX A CANYON OFTHK SANTA
J-i Cruz Mountains. convenient to Han Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog. no mosquitoes; all auntiy rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathroom*.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATEIt of the alkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, akin
and m-rvou.s affections. Indorsed and j coin-
nit* ruled b." all li'adlnc phvslcla is.
HOTKL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORITXM.
ALL modern Improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only W % hours
from san Francisco, via 8. P. Railroad, write for
particulars. J. V. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
— hj&~~\ f^e Beautiful
P^«^^ll HOTEL
: **sS^tg* \E\DOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it Is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
"IAPi SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have Yon Been Thbbk Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Po-noflice.
Burros to ride. Howling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Ah ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' dellznt; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under trie Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R., via Sa\isalito ferry.
Train leaves at 1:4 . Ilotel Cnzadero rates. ?10
to 9 14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to f8
per week; tents, $8 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular. ;..- ■• . :^.;.-- ...- ...
O. F. BURNS, Proprietor, V^o
Cazadero, Cal.
go TO DIM SPRINGS,
rpwo MILES FROM HOPLAND. MKNDOCINO
1 County, tor your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waicM in ihe St«te. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths: new modern hotel; 250
feel above the valley: fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free ous
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and. other trains
when notified. Terms, $10 per week.
O. HOWELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH, REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging ; Vir mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States an A the celebrated. Lytton Geyser
Soda prln«. Wonderful curative properties.
TaLle first-class. Send tor circulars.
HOME REST FOX SUMMER.
ATTRACTIVE LOCATION- PLEASANT
J\. rooms: fresh fruits of all kinds, eta For par-
ticulars and terms address Box 85, Sebastopol, Cal.
1
_in iL tKfEUM jaoiiL
O|| j J Cl tZ ff ftAfy^Jfi 1«T 111 1 In f Vil
'-'''' ir&r A O'7^%Bi > ' •#
w&r tJ\fJLf
18 THE VERY lil>i ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and lit mom 10 Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instr ments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equalled. My aua*
cess has been due to the merits Of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p.M. - ..
THESUCCESSOF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM. MARKET ST.
OPIiN IM'IL MIDNIGHT.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of dear Lake,
T-j-A-EIE COUNTY, GAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
-on like fine bathing, boating, hunt in- and fishing?
>o you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
birty kinds of mineral springs? bhortest Bta?e
oute into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
•"ranclsco.
From Han Francisco it costs only $8 for the
■oun 1 trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 60
)er day or $10 to $l(j per week. Take the S. F.
mil N. P. i. ail way via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lghtful stuck ride. J. CRA IO, Manager.
Han Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION :
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging^ sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods 1
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Sow under the proDrietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
MOUNTAIN HOM£.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in '.he Santa Crux Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. . Send for souve-
nir. titMM at Madrono every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:1 a. m.
VIC PONCKLET, Magus. Cal.
JOHANNISBERQ
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
GHE AT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs. Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for (l anting. Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly I*2oo feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
liner tin- arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Napa City, Cal. • -
ft IT I ft ft n HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If A I'l ' V bounty, only 4% hours from
Vft II IT IT Slul 'rancisco; hut 9 miles
II |\ fl II II II staging: new road through
**** vi vi •* canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130" Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqulios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. l:ound-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week ; baths free.
J. F. MULQREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoiiico, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KBAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. EEHTKANU, Froprietor.
City otllcc, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. M.
SUMMER BOARD AT BUBLINBAHE.
Redinjrton Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA G. HOITT.
Hoitt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
■DESWICK. KISKIYOO COUNTY, CAL., A
1 > noted tishing and health, resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths. .•::"-
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
INWOOD FARM.
AN IDEAL v 1111 K. i: HOME.
For particulars and terms address
FRED N. SHELDEN,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN KVKKY RESPECT.
R. E. RADER, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. Bath ■nd all modern con-
veniences in connection witn Hotel.
-SL. 18. ivicm:a.ti3:'s.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting anil fishing where game of nil kinds is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Uklah,
Berryhill staKe to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Uullville. P. O. address, Kullville, Lake Co. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadgfiuge Depot,
Summer Resort fur Families.
Rates $6 to $10. A. BERG, Manager.
THE JORDAN DOUSE, SAS RAFAEL, CAL.
hirst- < Family Boarding- House.
MRS. J. P. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful View. Sixth Street,
Fine rounds. . • Head of B.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF. '
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths •
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson River*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.'
, A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
Cth or 9th aye. " L^ to 60th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard care passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 np. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New York. W. JOaKSO^ QUINN, MgT.
WiL MOBLft, rropr. ,
AETNA
SPRINGS
With its superb climate, its health-giving
mineral waters, its beautiful scenery, its all-
the-comforts-of-home hotel, and its big swim-
ming tank invites you to spend your vacation
within Its boundaries.
fgl WILL YOU CONE?
Terms $10 to $14 per week. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, $7. Further particulars at
318 Battery St., City, or W. L. MITCHELL,
Ltdell P. 0., N«pa County, Cal.
SASTA CATALISA ISLASD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast e.xcurs ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cintt, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie cow open. Island Villa in July.
I For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINOTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most picturesque, £oda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons- Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
been opened. . The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieta and Highland bprings,
Adams, Seiccler, Blue Lakes and baratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $5 50; round ip. $10. Spe-
cial rates for families, c?. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda. Bay. Keisey ville. Lake County, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL
•VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX THE
x> season; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
"""*"!;■" Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
Ii X-; COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For information address JOHN
SPAULDIXG, Seigler Springs, Lake County, Cal.
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RE-
JL sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
lfishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformatlon address O. W. R. TREUWAY,
Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
"PIVERSII>E RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: (ound trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
OTELDEL MAX— ON. THE SEASHORE; 20
minutes' ride from San: Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing; sailing, row-
ing, fishing; buses mcc: all trains; children, $2
t0 95 per week: adults. $9 per week; special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
UOTKL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
AUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to $12 per week; route 8. F. and N. P. Railway;
through faro *5: round trip $9 50. Address H.
W AMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County
Q ARATOGA SPRINGS. LAKI'. COUNTY. CAL.
O — The most beautiful summer resort in the
State: 8 different springs: sulphur, soda, iron,
magnesia, seltzer, etc. ; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class: rates 910 per week
and upward; table unexcelled; hard-finished
rooms en suite and cottages. Address J. MAR-
TENS, Bachelor Pos office, Lake County, Cal.
OTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
Attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than !.a Honda. 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
fo. the round trip via s. P. K. R. and Knight's
stage line, $4. MRS. I. .1. SEARS, La Honda, Cal.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. ('.. Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
AT BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour rm city. MRS. HAN'SEN.Balmont
tUnuwooDS. IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
XJ send for ■ rate.i pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dres* Lougwoods, Napa. Cal.
M~ONTE~DEL~~VALLE VLlTla; FORE'«T-
villv, Sonoma County; furnished; piano; Rus-
sian 1 iver: n-dwood grove.
~nRDOKSIDK FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE;
''plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. Address Brookside, Nairn.
YY HITE OAK FA KM, NEAR CLOVERDALE
'» — Sppcial attention given to table: terms $7
per Week. For particulars address W. 11. HIATT,
Cloverttalo, Cal.
BOARD ON A '"RANCH 2000 FE£T ELEVA-
101: 1001! rooms and first-class board: terms
$6 per week. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for th«
1 cexaU and urinary erica is of both sexes, and a
| rc-at remedy for diseases of the kidneys and Wal-
ter. A great Restorative, Invlgoraiorauil Norvtn*
j Bells on its own Merits— no long-winded io*u*
montais necessary.
N..il£.K, ALb'S & URUNK, Agents,
323 Jlarket St., 8. f.— (Send, for Circular.)
PChtchestrr'» Knclloh Diamond Brand.
ennyroyaupills
—^»~X «M(rlii»l»n«l Only Genuine. A
,j- i/T»-\?!v' •• rc . always reliable, ladico uk /TV
fr,J\ V-vs^l Druggist for Chichestcr $ s"lL\"Diajff&
*l>?'^«SJ\man(i Brand in lied and Gold mEU:ilc\W
*{a» —^Wygboxes. scaled irlth blae ribbon. Talt* Vy
T?j "S^S* VVsno3lher. Refutt dangerout rubirit'i- V
I /.-_** . fjftitmtaiui imitatimu. At Droggiit,,ori«nd4«.
I *» yf in si&mpff far particulars, uittacalab and
\ "C* ' %.* ■ "Kellcf for J.aiiii-M,** in law, bj return
— \. If ■ MalL »O,0O« T<-«tin>ODl»l«. Same Paper.
.. ,> r«'hJch««t«rCUeinieia»J».,J4»dl»oii s,u 8 , a.
»oWto»>lLoc»lDruieiJU. l*ha»d^.,**«u
oos3vrc33F»oxji < > .
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 10J Fifth sr., -san
I > run Cisco, Cal.— Tbe most select family hotel la
> tbe city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and *1 50 per
day, according 1 0 room. Meals 25c. Kcoms, s (to
and 730 a day. i"re» coach to and from tbe hotel.
I Look for tne coach bean 112 the name of the Co*-
1 BioiJUiu.au iioiel. Wil; t'AUKV, Proprleloxi
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALU"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^
710 Market street, open until 12 o clock eTerj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, ope*
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
■^^^~FTKsr~cmfm?H~ljF^c^ißisT7^cT&N^
•S2S' list— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post St.. cor. Powell. Christ Science Bible
Lessons. International Series, JSubject: "Prayer
and Humility." "Science and Health" study;
Thursday, at 7:45 p. m.. In Golden West Hail,
320 Post street. All are welcome.
Bf:~p TRINITY CHURCH. CoR. BUSH AND
w-^ Gough sts.— Rev. Georee Edward Walk,
rector. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Morning
prayer and 'sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer and (sermon at 7:45. Holy com-
munion on the first and third Sundays of the
month, and on holy days at 11 a. m. All wel-
come. The Easter music will be repeated to-day.
CALVARY I'RKSBYTERIANCHURCH,
Or-*' corner of Powell and «;eary sts.— Rev.
John Hemphiil. D.D., will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:46 r. m. Topic, evening: "The Victorious Rider
of the Mystic steed of Revelation." Morning mu-
sic: Deum in F(Kotzschuiar), offertory, "Rock
of Ages" solo and quartet by Dudley Buck. Even-
ing music: "Benedic Anlma" in li flat (Holde;i) :
offertory, -'Jesus, the Very Thought of Thee"
(Gounod-Schnlcker). AH are made welcome.
mCSB" CHURCH OF THE ADVENT. EPIBCO-
W^ pa j t Eleventh St., near Market.— Rev. J. A.
.Emery rector. Rev. H. B. Monjes assistant. Holy
communion 7 a. m., morning prayers, sermon 11
M. m.: evening choral 7:45 p.m. The Rev. John
Gray will preach both morning and evening. The
public welcome.
Wt~&= SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
KS^ ncr of Twentieth and Capi> sts.— A. -J.
Wells, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Morning sermon will be preached by Key. W. G.
FJIot of the First Church. In. the evening Mr.
■Wells will begin a series of lectures on --Liberal
Leaders in the Modern Church." The series will
Include Robertson. KinKsley and Brooks of the
Episcopal church and Bushnell of the Congrega-
tional. The lecture to-night will be, -'Robertson of
Brighton." Pastor's class at 7 P. m. Sunday-
school at 9:45 a. m. All seats free. Pastor's resi-
dence, 20 Liberty St.
»^S= FIRST BAPTIST CHIRCH, EDDY ST..
»2£' near Jones— Key. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. May 10, 1896. Preaching by
the pastor at 11 a. m. : subject. '-The Parting of the
Ways." and at 7:30 p. m., topic. -'The stone of Ser-
vice." Baptism at the evening service, Sunday-
nchool at 12:30 p. m. Y. P. 8. of C. E. at 6:80 p. m.
Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at 7 :45o'clock.
Christian-culture class each Friday evening at 8
o'clock. All these services are open to the public.
Strangers are welcome.
KS" THIRD CONGKEGATIONALCHURCH,
tE<S r Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
Kader. pastor. Services at 11 a.m. Subject, '-The
Peace of God." Services at 7:45 p.m.; subject.
••The Redemption of the City." first in the series
on^tbe rdiirioiis life of San Franc. Music by
chorus choir under direction of William C. stadt-
feid: "Christian, the Morn" (Shelley), "Crossing
the Bar" (Mary "Saviour, Source of £ very Bless-
ing" (Nevlns), "Praise the Lord" <DauK3) "O
come, Let Us Worship" (Hlmniel). "The Day Is
Past and Over" (Kels). All are cordlallr invited.
IJig 3 FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
i*-^ ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Stebbins, D.D., minister: William G. Eliot Jr.,
associate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Sunday-gcbool at 9:45 a.m. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7:30 p. m. Bible-class at 9:46 a. m., led by
Rev. Samuel slocombe. -'Forward Movement"
sermons, morning and evening. Morning, Rev.
It. R. Dodson of Ahnneiii, subject, "Unitarian
Church and Modern Thought"; evening, Key. W.
G. Eliot Jr. All are cordially invited.
»-3g» MORMONS AT 909 MARKET ST. SER-
«~*' vices to-(! ay at a and 7 :45 p.m. At the even-
ing service Elder Henry S. Tanner will discourse,
upon ••The Rise and Progress of Mormonism." He
will show how the church arose in fulfillment of
ancient prophecies and the secret of its present
success. All are welcome. No collections
BP5p FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
BF-C Twelfth St.. near Howard— Preaching at 11
a. m. by Rev. Edwards Davis, pastor of Central
Christian Church, Oakland. Lecture at 7:4.-) p. M.
by Rev. Mr. Pratt, a reformed drunkard and gamb-
ler, subject, "From Gutter to Pulpit." Sunday-
school at 9:30 a. m. Annual business meeting
Tuesday, May 12, at 7:45 p. m.
!■£—*=* MEMBERS AND FRIENDS OF THE
m^& First Congregational Church will meet in
the parlors 01 Golden Gate Hall, 625 .Sutter st., on
Wednesday evening. May 18. at 7:30 p. M., for
prayer and social services. Christian Endeavor
services this Sunday evening at 6:30 P. M., at the
residence of P. W. Folger, 1916 Franklin sU
B^S* ASSOCIATION HALL, COR. MASON
I>-^ and Ellis sts —This Sunday afternoon at i!
o'clock Rev. Alexander Patterson, a noted evan-
gelist from Chicago, will address young men only,
at the Young Men's Christian Association Hah,
subject, ••Getting a Start in Life." All young men
are welcome. ■
R— =» T"HEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
f**& public lectuie every Sunday evening at. 320
Post st», 7:4s o'clock. To-night, "Life and Death,"
oy Dr. W. W. Gamble.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
iPii= d^Pro^bTnXl^ct^res^to^nigiit I
&*& on "The Drunkard's Fate Here and After '
Death" Convincing tests; the sick healed : medi-
ums developed; written questions answered. At
the close of the meeting Dr. Kobbins will organize
a spiritual temperance society. Washington Hall,
351/2 Eddr st., 8 p.m.: magnetized paper circle
tickets and admission free.
"XrZS* THE SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
= -=' Spiritualists will meet In Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutler St., between Mason and Taylor, on Sun-
day. May 10, at By. m. s-peaker. J. Clegg Wright,
subject: "spirit, soul and Body: Their Relation-
ship to Each Other." Music by the Misses Lillian
ana Emily Coleman. Admission free.
{*— y= LIBERALS AND TRUTHSEEKERS— i
X£^& Dr. J. L. York, the noted liberal orator,
speaks at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin St., this even-
ing at 8 sharp on "Heretics and Heresy." Good
music arid sons; Red-hot lecture. P. s.^-jJo more
cold draughts in the hall. Admission free.
wpag> JOHN SLATER, THE INIMITABLE
I»J? and only platform test medium— Grand test
seance, with full names of spirit and living friends,
to-night at 8 sharp. Metropolitan Temple, Fifth
St.. below Market. Investigators in spirit and oc-
cult pnenomena welcome. Admission 10c.
J£~S' AT 997 MARKET ST..FIRST PRCGRES-
CfjS' sive Spiritual Church— ll a. M.,test develop-
ing circle: 2 p. M.. tests, Mrs. Dunham, Warren,
Ewer, Mr. Hai.sen: 8 p. m., Mr. Smith, Mrs.
Aitken, Meyer, Warren.
«-«= AT DR. RINSES' I: IT UAL MEET-
*— * ing, 909 Market st., 2 and Bp. m., circle and
platform tests; Mrues. Dunham. Laad, Flnlcann,
Whren. Fix, C. .1. Meyer. J. K. Little, R. A. Stitts.
Dr. Rln-eg' office, 131/2 sixth st.
jst^S» HEXKY CRINDLE AND FRANK
"— ' Harte, materializing, physical and psycho-
logical tests In the light. Sunday eve; 15c. Hall
909 Market st. : 8 o'clock.
JT^gr' MME. MONTAGUE WILL LECTURE
»-« p before the Psychical Society of Oakland at
Fraternal Hall. Washington si., at 8 o'clock, sub-
ject: "Woman suffrage."
BKS=> GOOD CITIZENSHIP meeting, MET-
t»—^ ropolitan Temple, Sunday, May 10, at 3
p. M. Address by an 11 Known friend; subject,
"Good for All."
E3F JOHN SLATER at LADIES' aid
»«— * meeting, 110 Hayes St., 2:30 p. m. : other
good mediums; Professor Young's orchestra. Ad-
mission 10c.
sr^* <•- V. MILLER, ETHEREALIZING, MA-
l*-*^ terializlng seance tonight at 8. 635 Post;
60<-.
es> mrhTlTmTanTspi ritual harmony
m^*r circle. 11 to 4. 20 Eddy st.: free platform.
p^~f> MRS. SKELEY, SPIRITUALIST TEST
i»—^ meeting. 1133 Mission su
ff-jk* Ml'.s. FULTON, MATERIALIZING
"— " Beance to night; 60c; sittings dally. 31 Fell.
E~S=* Mils. COLBY'S LAST SEANCE TO-
w—^ night before summer vacation at 122% Oak.
CKSp MRS. SHBINKR, ;ST CIRCLE TO-
&—^ night; 10c: sittings dally. 311 Van Ness aye.
•T^P TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME.
tg-^ YOUNG, 605 McAllister: lady's orchestra.
. NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
JfT3?> NOTICE TO court America, •jl^
Et-C F. of A., No. 3— Officers and mem.
hers will please meet at Pot rero Opera- jl\
house at 12 O'clock MONDAY, to attend — -\ •
the funeral of J. KNOBLOCH. • .
ft^3^~~A. O. H. B. OF" E.— THE 36TH_^s?_
&-C- annual State convention of theAn-T^Ttf
cientOrderof Hibernians Bourn of Erin will It .w
be held at Irish-American Hall, MO.NDA Y,j*t>t /? a
May 18, at 12 m. sharp. All accredited'
State, county and division officers are entuit a to
aeats In the convention. A full attendance in re-
quested as 'new instructions have been received
from the Board of Erin All members of the order
are Invited to attend. By order of :,■*■■-■ ■',■■
(HAS. WHELAN, State Delegate.
JOHN, NAGLE, State Sec
P. F. DUG AN. State Treas.
tt3— A. O. H., B. OF E.— A SPECIAL _-^g»>
Ck— ? meeting of the county board, by VOWS*
order of H. D., will he held at ■ Irish-AmerJ- ; «W«.
can HhII on .MONDAY, May 11, at 8 P. M.,r£V*l«
to perfect arrangements for the State con-* J^Bf ■
IHi 1 -!*??!— . D. WARD, C. D.
ttrg» TO THE OFFICERS AND MEMBERS
B=6^ of Fearless Legion No. 2. S. K. of A.—
are respectfully requested to attend the funeral of
our late comrade, L. IN DIG, TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
at 9 a.m. You will tilease meet st 'iriumph Le-
»ion Hall, corner of Twenty-fourth and Folsom sts.
C. E. OSOOOD,' Commander.
L. Johksok. Recorder.
R— SUNSET PARK.SANTA- • >»_ ~
«»— *^ CRUZ Mountains— Come __2ci</v>
with the Sons of St. George offt?sx7K"v
San Francisco and Alameda toc2Lr*V. I^^
their ninth annual picnic, to be :_>Sr^KS_^\
held at the abovedellgtuf ul resort ff\V^r\
on the SOth of Mar. All kinds of .M^~" Vl
games. Fine music. - Dancing " "ai'2ie3 ; -5_
A lan4e number 01 prizes. Trains '•S3—^S-itC??'
cff^en'Wr^ 7:15 * nd B:^Tc-ke:s / *1;
t£S= THE ANNUAL GATHERING v C?"~
I*-*^ and games of the Caledonian club 3V ri.vJ
SATURDAY.May 30, at shell Mo. md ,?&S£i@
Park. D. H. McNEILL, Chief. •^SSMT
. Jam wj H. Duncan, Secretars 1 ; -■ , ,vT »
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
j^^S"aNCIENT ORDER' forest-'^l^*
_C^ ers— Delegates and friends en route 1 '
to the seventh annual session of the Subsl- jfrK
diary High Court, Pacific Coast Jnrisdlc- ft .>
tion, to be held in Ukiah May 12, will leave
MONDAY MORNING. May 11. at 7:30 o'clock
from Tiburou ferry. Certificates for reduced fare
may be secured at 102 O'Farrell st. EB| p , 8 ,
J. FALCONEB, P. 8.
|t^s=» ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY"— V?
_it/ An open meeting of the above so- 3k. &J/J
ciety will be 4 held, prior to annual picnic "*vX«ir*
and games, at Scottish Hall. 11l Larkin *•»*"•
St., MONDAY EVENING, May 11. Members and
friends are cordially invited to attend.
ANDREW WILKJE. President.
W. C. Cook, Secretary.
■ElS= "FOR AULD LANG SYNE."— . CTv.
»— ' rhirty-third grand annual excur- 3J, \MU/J
Bion, picnic and tames of St. Andrew's 'ifo^tSje
Society at El Campo SATURDAY, May "-i^
16,1896. Round-trip tickets: Adults, 60c; chil-
dren. 25c. Boats leave Tiburon ferry at 9 _ M.
and 1 -.30 P. m. ANDRE W ILK lE, President.
William C. Cook, Secretary.
3535= ANNUAL MEETING.— THE REGULAR
UrZ& annual meeting of siocknolders of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will beheld at the office of the company,
327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY,
the 12th day of May. 1896. at the hour of 11 a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such oilier business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer-books will close on Friday. May 1,
at 3 P. M. E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
If—?" ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
*-*' annual ineetlngof the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine sU, room 28, San Fran-
cisco, CaL, on MONDAY, the 18th day or May,
1896, at the hour of 1 o'clock p.m.. for the par-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting;.
Transfer books will close on Friday, May 15, 1896,
at 3 'cock p. M. GEO. R. SPINNEY, Sec.
Office— 3lo Pine »U. room 28. San Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
O_3— BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
iSZG' collection* made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 ?iontgy nt..*room 6. To. 5550.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
"VTOUNG WOMAN WISHES CHAMBERWORK
X or housecleaning afternoons, Saturdays, or few
hours daily. Address 543 Stevenson st., rear.
A N EXPERIENCED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
-f v more work by the day: washing and house-
cleaning. Apply 2952 Mission St.. near Twenty-
sixth.
SITUATION BY A COMPETENT WOMAN AS
0 seamstress, upstairs work or care of child or
children. Address 907 Dolores st.
V OUNG WOMAN, GRADUATE OF NORMAL
X school, desires position as governess. Address
P. P.. box 18. Call Office.
V 5 IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITU A-
ilL tion as cook In small American family: wages
reasonable. Address Saratoga House, 118 Sixth
St., room 6.
1) ELI ABLE WOMAN WANTS A POSITION
XV to do chamber or second work or light house-
work. Call 01- address 663 Stevenson st.
p OVERNE^S TO YOUNG CHILDREN SEEKS
VJT re-engagement: German, English, music, sew-
ing If required; excellent testimonials. Please call
2312 Howard St.. City.
1 DRESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
U by the day: latest styles; perfect fit; terms $2
per day. call or address 124 Fulton St.. middle flat.
GOOD DRESSMAKER WOULD GO OUT BY
the day; reasonable. 108 Eighth st.
woman wants work BY Till: day.
" Please call at 565 Stevenson st.
T> ELI ABLE WOMAN WANTS GENTLE-
XV men's washing to take home. 732 Natoma St.,
near Ninth. (
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do general housework; is good plain cook
and laundress: city or short distance in the coun-
try; wages *10. Call or address 1018 Powell si.,
in bakery.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
housework; good cook; city or country. Ad-
dress T. 8., box t>9, this office.
OSITION AS COMPANION TO AN EL-
deriy or invalid lady, or will take charge of chil-
dren ; no objection to travel. Call or address MISS
HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
T.MKST-CLASS COOKS, $25 TO $40: SECOND
X girls and waitresses, $16 to $25; competent
nurses, $15 to $20: general housework girls, $15
to $25, registered for situations. MISS HICKE *',
1033 Post su
IrtlliST-CLASS~riTTEK, STYLISH DRAPER
X and designer: thorough dressmaker: by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove su
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
XV to do light housework : is a good cook and is
kind to children. Please call, Monday, at 397
Hayes St.
GENERAL HOUSEWORK; GOOD COOK;
reference. 328 Hayes st.
STEADY RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES A
situation to do housework; city or country; $8
a mouth. Call or address 848 Folsom su, bet.
Fourth and Fifth.
WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY
if washing, ironing and housecleanlnij. Call 6
Lafayette, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth, off Mission.
/~^E KUAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
\J day. or work in a nice private family at light
housework or chamberwork. Apply at 26 Rltch
St., rear.
ITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
Protestant girl in private family; is good cook;
can give references. *JO7 Leavenworth st.
"LMRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES TO
X go out by the day. Apply 21 Van Ness aye.,
room 1.
WOMAN WILL DO PLAIN WASHING AT
»» her own home; can wash flannels. Call 414»/2
Fell St.. near Ociavia. ~
T-) RESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS: GOOD
XT fitter and draper; sews 60 cents a day. M. C.
box 92, Call office.
EASTERN LADY WANTS POSITION AS
working housekeeper in widower's family or
will do any kind of work. 821 Mission st., top
floor, room 4.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WASHING,
\J irouing or house-cleaning by the day. Address
MRS. P., 8 64^ Mission st., room 6.
\f IDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES A POSITION
i-'X as housekeeper in a widower's home; with
children preferred; city or short distance in the
country, Call or address 240 Shotwell st.
\I IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTSGENERAL
iTX housework in private . family. Apply at 666
Twentieth st., Oakland; good reference.
TTOUSEKEEPER OR COMPANION -RE-
II fined, educated lady desires position in pri-
vate family. S. L., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
yOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION to do
X housework on ranch; no washing: wages not
as much an object as good home. Address G.,
2618 Mission st. . ,
SITUATION WANTKD TO DO GENERAL
> housework In small family by middle-aged
woman; is a good cook; good reference ; city or
country. Address C. 0. , box 98, Call Office.
yOU NG LADY ATTENDING SCHOOL
X would like position either as companion or to
assist for room and board. Please address M. L.,
box 102, Ca» Office. !_/-
Gl RLR L ABOUT 16 WISHES A SITUATION AS
waitress in a small restaurant or In a private
boarding-house. Call at 1723 Market st,
IDOW OF 34, WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERT
ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house: Is also first-class pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. 8.,
box 1, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
American young woman as mirseglrl: 2 years'
references from last place: carfare to be paid
whether engaged or not. Address MISS C. MOSS.
box 40, Call Office.
4 MERICAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
J:\. wants situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda. '..-•;
ArOUNG FRENCH GIRL WANTS SITUATION
X as lady's maid; good reference. Address 822 a
Broadway. ■
"V"EAT, WILLING AND OBLIGING WOMAN
JL> wants work in country hotel as chambermaid,
or would keep house for widow and family. Ad-
dress M. C, 20'J Second st. . . .
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
place to do housework, or as housekeeper: $10
to $12 per month; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 504 Howard st.
YOUNG LADY. RECENTLY FROM EUROPE,
X wishes situation to teach children: thorough
French, German. English and music; or lady's
companion; used to traveling; best or references.
Address box 507, Santa Cruz.
•yOUNG WOMAN WANTS SITUATION FOR
X' housework or second work; wages $15. Call at
830 Harrison st.
. I ADY WANTS A POSITION AS HOUSE-
i-i keeper; city preferred. Apply or address
1 -Jin 2 Geary 1., room 15. ■
ERMAN GIRL WANTS SECOND WORK
« or cooking and light housework can give
references. 205 Chestnut st.
V'IRMT-CLASSS COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
X private family; best city reference. Call 6 Ew-
ing place, off Laguna st., bet. Post and Sutter.
W ANTED— BY A FIRST-CLASS COOK, SIT-
*» nation in a summer resort, small country ho-
tel or a private family, Call or address F. R., 813
Bush si. .
ATHOLIC YOUNG LADY AS COMPANION
> in a respectable family or second girl: city or
country. Address C. E., Berkeley.
YOUNG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW D&
X sires a position as housekeeper. Address B. *•»
box 107. Call Office. •
VIT INC. HESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»T Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night-
sl 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable :
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. -
_ SITUATIONS WANTED-aiALE.
pniNEsif~AND JAP A nlTsE~'rE L'IABLB
I/help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 lay.
' CO. COOK'S MIC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
... brunches :shon notice. i 4 tieary. : tel. Grant 43.
J' W. JIM, CHINKSE-J APANESE EMPLOY-
tI . ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; nest help. 3148 Sutler: teL Grant 30. •
7 "> 1 n es e AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% lyKurrell; teL E. 428.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contluued.
HU^NTt£R~aTcb., CHINESE ANdTaPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb si., below Kear-
ny. bet . California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
X LONG -EXPERIENCED FURNITURE
aud carpet salesman; good buyer; best of
references. Addresi B. L., box 106, Call.
VpEW YORK YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE
JA to represent some Western concern In Sew
York. Address S. M. X, box 34, Call Office.
pAKPENTER WANTS WOKK: CAN ALSO
v,' drive donkey-engine; wages moderate. H. L.,
box 47, Call Office.
l\. r ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE, GKRMAN-
'» American, without children, place on ranch;
man capable taking charge of entire, ranch: wife a
good aud saving cook, housekeeper and butter-
mttker. Address F. M., rm. 1, vOOO McAllister st.
'OUNG SCOTCHMAN DEsTrES POSITION
In retail or wholesale warehouse In city or
country; wages no object ; accustomed to all kinds
of hardware productions: not afraid of work.
CAMPBELL, 13i<6 Bush St. .
ANTED-POSITION AS SALESMAN FOR
city trade wltn good bouse; salary or commis-
sion; references. Address C. C, box 9, Call Office
d~CUBTOM~CLOTH ING C A N V ASBEKS — A
custom cutter, especially good on that kind of
work, would like to cu> by the piece at reasonaDle
prices. J. H. HAWKS, *6 Mout/omery st.
V GENTLEMAN Wl'l H LARGE CIRCLE OF
friends, a good salesman : best of reference.
Address Gent, box 105. Call Oftice.
Si 1 1 at Ton want.-.d by a German
couple to take care of private place; wife Kood
housekeeper, man understands any kind of work;
city or vicinity. J. I\, 3019 Pine su. city.
RIVER (AGE 30) WISHES POSITION TO
drive for summer resort or bus driver and
generally useful; good references. ERNEST, box
78, Oall Office.
ITUATION WANTED AROUND A PLACE;
middle-aged man to make himself senerally
useful; understands care of horses, good milker
and flower-gardener: best reference. A. L., box
72, this office.
T~IBERAL PAYMENT TO PARTY SjsCURING"
XJ me employment. Address M. E. , box 16, this
otfloe.
"uriLLING TO DO ANY KIND OF WORK:
»" city or country: small wages; house repairing
and cooking. 633 Broadway, rear house.
IMRST-CLASB TILK MANTEL AND GRATE
setter wants work, city or country. Address
Tile, box 31, CalL
TRONIi BOY* OF 18. RESIDING WITH PA-
rents. wishes a situation in a butcner-shop; has
had some experience. 17 Beaver at.
J^IRST- CLASS > UTTEK AND TAILOH
wants a. situation-, city or country. Call or ad-
dress C. 8., box 26, call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY CLERK. YOUNG
man Ti; talks and writes EnKllsh. French,
German; l«st city references; bookkeeping and
correspondence. Address W. 8., box 101, Call.
ITUATION WANTED BY' Y~OUNG -MAN. 'JO,
to run elevator or light work of any kind;
writes a fair hand; references. C. E., box 112.
Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS COOK WOULD LIKE SITU A
X tion In private family or small hotel. 658
Folsom st.
L"<IRST-CLASB STEADY BAKBER WISHES
-T position iv country or .summer resort. Address
JOS. GU YE, 869 Webster St., Oakland, Cal
/GARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PRI-
* J vate family; mitidle-aged; single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office.
/COMPETENT, P.TKADY GERMAN WANTS
v^ situation as coachman: good driver: al>o good
gardener; can milk; generally useful; city or
country; references. Address Coach, box 144, Call.
AN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEOPLE^
private place; man unuerstandg care horses,
cattle and grounds, general work; wife excellent
rook and housekeeper: reference. Address M. W.,
box 164, Call Office.
"V"OU NO MAN AS STABLEMAN WITH PRI-
1 vaie family or livery stable; city or couurrv ;
understands care of fine horses, carriages and har-
ness: reference. Call or address T. HURLEY,
1338 Folsom si.
GARDEN~EH^ PRACTICAL, SCOTCH. SlN-
gle, wants situation: private or commercial
place.; thoroughly understands gardening In ull its
branches. Address Gardener, 1044 Folsom st.
ORCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPEN E< >R
engagement: 15 years' Callfornlan experience:
orchard, viues, stock and genera' fanning; Al
references. Address Ranch, Sl2l/4 Fulton st.
ECHANICAL ENGINEER, \V ITH lib
years' experlpnce, wants position, city or
country: can give best of refereuce. W. W. FEL-
TER, 666 Howard St., San Francisco, Cal.
\* ' IUNG MAKRJEIPs'WEbItSH MAN, WITH
X good team, would like work of any kiDd: will-
ing and good worker: wife good cook: city or
country. Address G. C, 269 Second st., Oakland.
QCOTCHMAN WANTS POSITION AS~K( ii; K-
i' man on ranch or to take charge of stock: Al
man; references. Address S., box 6, Call Olllce,
Oakland.
/1 ER.MAN, EXPERIENCED GROCERY'
VJ clerk wishes situation, city or country, or
general merchamlise. Address F. X., box 31, t all.
B~~Y A DANE; KNOWS THE CARE OF
horses and garden; has references. Address
L. L., box 18, Call Office.
" ANTKD-A SITUATION BY A CHINABOV
as cook in a family; speaks English: can (rive
good references. Address 8., box 18, Call office.
iy ANTED— POSITION IN A DRY GOODS OK
»» clock store by a man 39 years of age: under-
stands perfectly the decoration of show-windows,
and has had many years' experience as such in
Europe: speaks German, Swedish and Danish to
perfection. Address C. EVERS, box 85, Golden
Gate, Alameda County, Cai.
E~ N'iiLISHMAN, SO, AS GARDENER OK
coachman; capable of running steam or gas
engines: also dynamo and pumping; handy at »li
kinds of repairing; best of" references from Inte
employers. Address Gardener, Oakland Office of
The Call.
\IT ANTED— POSITION IN DRY GOODS OR
* * cents' furnishing s:ore; am a hustler and have
had 5 years' experience. Address G. L. \V., box
102. Call Office.
A'OUNG MAN 21; STRONG: WIsHkH SITUA-
1 tion in a wholesale house of any description;
best references. Address S. R., Box 62, Call Office.
V O U XG MAN, 21, WISHES SITUATION IN
X a retail house; wouid drive a light wueon; good
references. Adilress C. G.. box 17, this office,
TTSEFUL YOCNQ GERMAN, GOOD OAR.
*J dener, etc., would like to get work about place
or some business where he could advance: state
reference or security if required. Address CM.,
box 82. this office.
DLCATED YOUNG MAN, SPEAKS ENG-
lish, German, French, Spanish, Russian and
Italian, wishes position as traveling companion or
valet. Address W. T., box 84, Call Office.
pARDENER AND FLORIST, FIRBT CLASS,
VJ 30, single, German, desires situation with pri-
vate family. Address CHARLES VORBEi X, 316
Fourth st.
Wf NC H EST ER HOUSE, 44~"THfRb, NEAR
»' Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: fr*e bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
fOOD MACHINE" AND ALI. ABOUND
VJ blacksmith wants situation. Call or address
M. 8.. box 110, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room- 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week : free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
WA NTED-81TUATION AS CASHIER OR
assistant bookkeeper: the applicant Is moral
and strictly attentive to business; best of refer-
ences. Address X., 2310 stelner st.. S. F.
FKMALK HELP WANTKD.
picRMAN COOK FOR Ti[N^rA~BARBARA",
VJ $25; German second girl for Santa Barbara,
f2O; German woman for housework, Oakland,
$20; 2 German cooks, city, $26 and $20: Danish
girl for housework, Rio Vista, $15; girl for Tuo-
lumne, $16: girls for housework, city and country,
$15 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary-
CIOOK, SMALL AMERICAN FAMILY, COUN-
1 try, $-.20, fare paid; neat second elrl, references,
$20: hotel and restaurant waitresses, *"^O, $17 50
and $15: cook, few boarders, $20; housekeeper
$12. MURRAY <fc READY. 634 Clay st. '
GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, 4 IN
family: good cook and laundress; wages $26.
Apply MISB HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
2GEKMAN""OR SWEDISH COOKS, $20 AND
$25: 2 (.erman or American cooks, $20: _
chamberwork and waiting. $12 and $15; young
girls to assist, $10 and $15. Apply 872 Hroad-
way, Oakland. J. P. JOHNSTON & CO.
VOCNG UIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK.
X family o! 2; wages $8; also general housework
Kirl, for Jewish family, $25 to good cook Ml.ss
HICKEY. 1033 Pon st.
WANTED— NEAT WAITRESS FOB COUN-
try ho'el, $20 per month: good place. W D
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
nr AITRESS, r», COUNTRY HOTEL. HOTEL
" GAZETTE, 420 Kearuy st.
OMEN WANTED TO CANVASS FOR "OSCV
sobrlght." a cleaner aud polisher for painted
woodwork, furniture and metal; the entire city is
divided into districts and will be thoroughly can-
vassed ; come early and get a choice district; goo 1
pay for hustlers: salary and commission. DAN-
IEL FOLEY' it CO., 1804 Market SL, al the sign
Look Out for Paint.
pERMANOR SWEDISH GIRL TODOGEN-
VT eral housework; one who understands cook-
ing: «15 month; references. 1306 Hayes St., near
Devisadero.
ANTED-4 FIRST-CLASS COAT-FINISH-
ers and buttonhole-makers. HENRY UILP,
106 Battery st.
OoITmIILINER WANTED: ONE WHO UN-
derstands dressmaking; must be experienced.
Address C, box 19, Call Office.
X^OUNG BTRONG GIRL; COMPETENT FOR
X general housework; small family; $16. 219
Brodenck st.
A PPRENTICESFOR DRESSMAKING: MUST
A understand sewing. Apply 1618 Buchanan su
IP I RST - CLABS OPERATORS ON LADIES 1
jackets; good pay. MEYER BROS., 121 Pout.
If yoTTwXntto learn dressmaking,
cutting or fitting, go direct to the McDowell
Dressmaking Academy. 2)3 Powell su
\\ r OUNG LADY OF PLEASING a'pFearT
ance, between '-0 and 30, as companion
fora lady. Apply between IS and 10 p. v., 100111 1.
1 26 Fifth st.
"qTRONO GERMAN OR." SWEDISH rJIKL lUX
O housework : must be good cook ; wages $20; ref-
erences. Address K. R., box 7, Call Office.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
Y'OUNQOIRLTOTKND CHILD; $6; SLEEP
X home. Room 9. 404 Turk st. ■_
M 6 RSEGIRL; MUST SLEEP AT HOME: AP-
^ Ply early. VAN SLYKK. 309 Powell st.
\V¥- SPECIALLY. INVITE YOU ALL TO
" call; we have the most rapid method in exist-
ence for teaching dressmaking, cutting or fitting;
easy payments:" unlimited lessons; now is the time
to enter. The McDowell Dressmaking Academy,
213 Powell st.
ADY" FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK: WAGES
no object; good home. 569 Bryant st.
ANTED _ PUPILS FOX MILLINERY
»» school ; course thorough: practical ; satisfaction
guaranteed: reasonable. 410 Lea yen worth st.
"I ADY STENOGRAPHERS HOLDING THE
XJ certificates of this agency are requested to call
on Monday morning, as we have such a position to
nil. U. s. Industrial agency, Room 167, Crocker
building
C" COMPETENT YOUNG GIRL; GENERAL
v> housework: rood cook and laundress; family
of 4; $-^5. 814 Hayes *v : reference.
\\' AN ED— A YOUNG GIRL THAT WILL
" give her services in exchange for good home
and clothes. 919 Page st.
WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK: GOOD HOME;
'» small wages. 235 Cheuery St., off Mission,
near Thirty-first.
HIAILOKESS OX BOYS' CLOTHING: GOOD
X wages; steady work. A. GIRY, 307 Kearny.
\\r ANTED — FIRST-CLASS PANTS FIN-
'» Isoer. 724% Market St., room 27.
Saleswoman" Immediately: first-
0 class worker with tissue paper; bring samples.
713 Larkin st.
GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CAKE OF CHILD*
ren and assist light housework. 617 De visa-
dero st., 9 to 12. • '"*'."«
"ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST; $8. ;1 612 POST
St., 8 to 12 a. M.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
r work. Apply 710 Halght st.
"l\r ANTED— GIRL IN SMALL LAUNDRY;
' 1 one who understands marking preferred. Ad-
dress C. C, box 17, this office. ■
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR DINING-ROOM
kJ and chamberwork. 739 Fourth st.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
OX Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per right; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry-
A STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. OOR-
-tV din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, ur. Clay.
HAIRDRES.-UNO. 26c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes: 10 lessons $1 60. 1248 Mission.
APPRENTICES TO LEAKN DRKSS CUT-
■»V ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
5c u;i. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell .st.
MALE HELP WANTED. ~
H~~EalT'la7jn'dß Y M A nT^6T~AND~FOC!CD:
|wa.»her, $40 and found, for country hotel;
pastry cook, first-class hotel, $65; waiter, country
notel, $30; dishwasher, country hotel, $25; butler,
with good references, private family. $26; bellboy
and asHist in office for springs, must write a good
hand, »15. C. R. ll A N .sen A CO., 110 Geary st.
"L^IRST-CLASS HOTEL ROOM-CLKRK, WITH
X California experience. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
XA TIEMAKERS, FROM 8c TO 12c EACH,
O\J tools furnisned. see boss here: 5 farmers: 3
laborers; gardener, *20, private family; 2 milkers,
$20; second cook for sawmill, $20: 3 cooks, $40.
$50, $60; 3 dishwashers, $20; cook and wife, $30;
lunch counter cook, $8 week; farmer and wife,
$30, and other places from $15 to 380 a month
and found. MURRAY & READY', employment
agents, 634 Clay st.
\\' ANTED— DRIVER FOR MILK- WAGON,
" must have driven milk-wagon In city and fur-
nish references. *3() per month and found; German
tnird-hand baker for country shop, $25 and found:
farmers, laborers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dlsh-
washers. W. D. EWEK & CO., 626 Clay st. __
t\r ANTED— 4 HUSTLTNGriiNERGETIC AND
»" wideawake salesmen: must be pushers and
workers: references required. Address X., box 79,
Call Office. •
SOBER, HONEST. INDUSTRIOUS MAN CAN
have good home; $3 a month for chores and
car» of chickens. Address S. H.. box 69, Call.
HOUSE PAINTERS WANTED— FIVK HO USE
painters wanted at the new residence of W, >.
Tevia Esq., Stockdale, near Bakersfield: none but
-class hands need apply to GEORGE J.
SMITH, on the premises.
VI' ANTED— A YOU NO MAN OF GOOD EDU-
tt cation. 1170 Market st., room 27.
L, IK- l-i -Lass OPERATORS ON LADIES'
1 jackets ; good pay. MEYER BROS.
BLACK* MITH — MAN TO DO HORSESHOE-
in* and general biacksihithlng; about 2s years
of age; single. Apply 10 J. H. DUTCHER, Liv-
ermore, Cal.
H REE MEN FOR RESPONSIBLE PO>I-
X lions. Call before noon, 6th floor, room 6, Mills
building.
rpAILOR WANTED. 834 HOWARD ST.
APANESE BOY; DOCTORS'S OFFICE; REF-
erencea. 431 Geary st., between 4 and 5.
BOY TO GO ERRANDS AND MAKE HlM-
self useful about store. LOWENTHAL'S, 914
Market st.
/1 OOD SHORT-ORDER COOK. 38 SEVENTH
\T street.
\\r ANTED-GOOD CANVASSER FOR a new
> » enterprise. Call between 5 and 6p. m., 14 Me
Alllster si., room 38.
£» FIRST- CLASS CARPENTERS, OUATE-
U mala City; . $6 50 per day. F. H. QUALM AN.
116 Turk st.
Boy IN PLUMBING-SHOP. T. J. walcott,
580 Howard st., cor. Second.
ST EA M PORTLAND, 900 TONNAGE, FOR
Cooks Inlet. Alaska gold fields, sails about
the 16th of May; tine accommodations: fare $55;
freight $15: 500 pounds baggage free. Apply
FRED HOLMES, 606 Battery st. .
ON'T BE POOR THIS WINTER: $35 A
week can be made selling platers and plating
tableware, jewelry, etc.; we furnish outfits com-
plete with all materials and trade secrets; teach
agents; finest quality of work; wears 10 years:
testimonials and sample of work free. Address
GRAY „ CO.. Dept. 10, Columbus, Ohio.
ANTED— MiiN AND WOMEN TO VvOKK
» • at home; I pay $8 to 16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patentea method: anyone
who con read or write can do the work at home In
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address U. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. .
ANTED— MEN TO SOLICIT: BIG INDUCE-
T1 1 ments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth at. ..
PARTNER WITH A FEW DOLLARS TO IN-
X crease paying business. Owner.box lS.CallOffice
\TEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
XX 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c: week, to $2 60; reading-room strictest at-
tention to morning calls ;clean;qulet> open ail night
ois ESTABLISHED 3-cuair BARBER
shop; cheap if sold this month on account of
other business. 1308 Howard st. ' :?. -; •'.
WINCH HOUSE, 44THIRDST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 26 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
pENTLKMAN WELL ACQUAINTED IN
VJ city can find profitable employment by ad-
dressing P., box 95, this office. _\
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; HOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
Ro6msTsc"to 76c PER NIGHT: 60c TO SI 60
Xt per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
\\T A NTED-AT ROOM 317. 838 MONTGOM-
'» cry st,. clerks and laborers to call If they, do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts. .>
YY' ANTED- MEN TO Lr.ARN BARBER
•* trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
CLER AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
/ acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
1 IjOUUQUINS CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
•■» Instant relief. For sale by all druggist* or On-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
CA LFL F SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60-
/ balf-solelng 25c np. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
\\T A TED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some, simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN. «fc <"0., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, I). C, for tbelr $1600 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. • -
BEST IN CITY— SING • E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 26. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorn' sts. 1
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'* ersAclenca. KNOX Collection A gey, 110 Sutler
ARBERS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ARBKRS' "PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
JJ inent secretary- CONRAD TROELL. 657 Cl»y. .
AKBKRs' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Sec*y. P. C. ilamaun, 238% O'FaTrrl!.
I INDELL HOUSE." SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' ats.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
JUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
Pacific St., below Kearny: lodging half price; sc.
10c, 16c pr night clean beds.sunny rooms.no bunks
J^OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
meal try 13y 2 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty. ' '
\\T ANTED-I.ABOKEKS AND MECHANICS
'» to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver ir/mse, 217 Third st.; 160
large rooms; 25c per nigh ": $1 to $3 per week. ,
HAT CHKKK HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
tt su; 200 rooms; best In the city. ging:e rooms
20 and 25c a night. $1 a w«-ek: meals 10c. . v j .
A f EN'S %-SOLINO *Oc: LADJEV 40c: DONE
-"X while you waiu 638 Market. opi». Palace Hotel.
1 (i/l MEN To TAKE LODGING AT lOc, 15c
J-v'V/ nd 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st.. near Kearny. : : '
WI ARE SHOE DOCTOR"; WE REPAIR
" your old shoes and make them us goon as new, '
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
Mission st., between First and Second sts. .
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
_ all grocers keep It. • . .',-*• • .
MXN 7 ** . SECOND-HAND ' SHOES, SOME
■"X nearly pew, 25c to $1 '-'5. 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863V4 MARKET ST~^
Koonis liOc., 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $2 week.
"L-'KEK BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOU "ie;
X also a bottl aoflair«r.-5a at 687 Clay st.
* ■• ■ • . -■ ■ • - - ■
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
TRY ACME HOUS-, t.07 MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a nlcht; $1 a week.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
» » »»ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room dally papers.- 36 Cla\- st.
. AGENTS WANTED.
A"*~GE NTS-IK YOU WANT MONEY HANDLE
-tx aluminum novelties: no hard times with our
agents; quick sales and big profits. ALUMINUM
NOVELTY COMPANY. 110 Sutterst.
AGENTS COINING MONEY WITH OUR
novelties. Pacific Introduction Co , 119 Bush
at., room 6. ■ ■ j • ■
T ADY AGENTS WANTED— BIG INDUCE-
__jnentg. Apply 235 Post at., room 7. - .
. HOUSES WANTED.
I V" ANTED— TWO MODERN HOUSES OF 8
'» or 10 rooms; price $10,000: location from
Mason to Gough st. and from Pine to Pacific. Ad-
dress House, box 1. Call Office. . '■ -
t BURNISHED COTTAGE FOR SUMMER IN
warm country; within one hour of Sau Fran-
i Cisco; rent must K-e moderate. Address S. M., box
74, Call Office. > . . :
ELL-FURNISHED HOUSE TO LEASE—
" Low rent; by small family; adults; fine refer-
ences^ 410 Kearny at., room '10.
HOUSE SIX ROOMS: MODERN; COTTAGE
preferred'; rent must be moderate. Reply,
stating particulars, H. W.. box 76. Call Office.
\y ANTED TO KENT BY JUNK I— COMFORT-
"" able modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition: tor small family.
Address Terms. Postofflce box 266 L
COTTAGE WANTED.
V\r ANTED — COTTAGE OF 4 OR 6 ROOMS
'•and bath; will pay $300 to $400 down; $16
to $20 per month; convenient to cars: modern lm-
provementa. W. C. box 139. Call Office.
KOOMS WANTED.
UIET MAN WANTS ROOM AND BOAR~S
in pleasant, homelike family. Address Quiet,
box 82. Call Office.
WAN TED-MISCELLANEOUS.
A^T^D^S^O^r^HA^n»^Blc^CLlir"'"96
if or ' 96; exchange for painting or paper-bang-
ing or Italian mandolin. T. R., 6'<;7 Greenwich st.
ANTED — GOOD HOBBE AND BUGGY.
Address P. O. box 2099, giving description and
price. ■ -. . ,/■,•.
ANTED— 3 PAINTERS' FALLS AT ONCE.
G. F. FLOHR, 731 Harrison st.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JF.W
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : Rend postaL
EDUCATIONAL.
SsT MELVILLE" SNYDERT'STUDIO^eU
•li Sutter: teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution aspecialty: vocal Shakesperean
classes; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 ?. if.; $1 per, month.
TJOOKKEEPING BY TARR; ON LV ACCOUNT-
JL> ant teaching; Va time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS; GUAR-
X anteed; $2 64). 913 Mission st.
PIANO LESSONS. 2Be PER HOUR. AD-
X dress M., box 78, Call Office. ■
T)OOKKEEPING-6CHOOL— PE N MAN SH|I P
X> arithmetic, tanght In 6 weeks. 6 Stockton, rm. 2'
E FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION, VOlCE-
building. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL,
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAU3, 39 Fifth.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bld.,r.S7.
CFaNIHH. FRENCH, GERMAN: MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 CFarrell si
"I7OICE-BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
1 violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
YKES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low- rates per week and month.
j >ELASCO*S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
i-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING. ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. 64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 723Mk'_
HF.AI.D'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, buslneis practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write tor catalogue.
\i lo±ll SCHOOL;»IEALD"SBUS. CoLLEUE;'Jt
-» ' Post : commercial, shorthand. English : low ram
\riOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; RKA-
> fonable. PROF. FKANCI3. 1045^ Valencia.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
50cts and $I— socts and $I— socts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, mar.-iage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy, and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property. Interpret dreams, cure Bad
habits and destroy evil influences in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are bat few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6p. m.
Letters containing stamps answered.
' PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE,
__- < 1728 Market st.
'ACTS i ;; — 50 CTS- SO~CTS!
t)U MMX. STEWART, . . . .
: MOST MARVELOUS OF MEDIUM&
While common fortune-tellers and undeveloped
mediums inflict themselves upon the people, the
only woman, who by birth has had marvelous
powers transmitted to her through the advent of
a double veil. - ..
This and this alone Is nature's insignia of second
sight; and it stamps Its possessor with the occult
power, and enables her to see the future of others
spread out panorama-like before them,
MME. STKWART can give you an accurate
description of your lost relatives and permanently
locate them for you. : .
She gives you advice upon the most intricate
and Oellcate subjects, business investments, min-
ing speculations and winning numbers in the lot-
tery. !
Remember, MME. STEWART'S long residence
and established reputation testify volumes In her
behalf. The only authentic seventh daughter of
the seventh daughter on the western half of the
American continent.
Ladies and gents, 50 cents. Parlors 3 and 4,
917 Market st. .-••-'.«•
llVUii and
assistance to all.
When yon wish to consult a true disciple of
clalrvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROCESSOR M. L. CAP.NELLE i* the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clalrvov-
anry. You will find him a wotiderfu' bein«. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible and
correct advice on all business matters, nidi you
In love, brings about happy marriage and success
In life. He reveals to you just what you want to
know. Others may have failed you; Professor
Carnelle never does, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
Hours, 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st. , ■ ■■■...■
VfME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
iv. past, present, future: ladies 60c, gents $1:
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st. !
\*TSBMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE i
I'JL of future husband or wife. V o6V» Howard si. i
'AC AND $1 50cAND$~i.
OU PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market st.. nr. sixth.
Marvelous power; valuable advice on all affairs;
letters with stamp answered: hours 9 t • 8.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 60c and $1, shows you the Dlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
iU. past, present and inture; 25c up. 764 Howard.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture, 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
VIMB.RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
i-'l tips on races; names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth.
GYPSY LIFE-READER: LADIES, 25c;
gents, 60c ; readings daily except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of ace; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
MX. LKNF.MAR — FORTUNES; TOLD BY"
planets: predicted in '74 passengers of over-
due steamer on Island. 11 Taylor st.. cor. Market.
ME. SYBILLE TELL 3 FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
UETURNEii, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XX SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
' present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum and card-reader. 132 Turk st. •
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by egg* and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
V vVEKK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
.V WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing. -
'' SriKITI'ALISM. '
VfISS ADDIE SWATN THROUGH HER span
■"I Ish guide, Buena Vista, will advise you for
your betterment; ladles only: ' trance sittings. $2;
consultation free; hours 1 to 8 p.m. 1055 Market st.
YOUR PAST. PRESENT AND FUTURE AT A
X glance (ladies only)'; 25c. 230 Clara, nr. Fifth.
ADDIE -SWAIN .RETURNED: WILL SEE
patrons to-day, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 1055 Market.
XI it:-. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
I^l medium : ttlnir* $1. ■ 218 Stockton s:.
BICYCLES.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW. WHEELS TO
J best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mc-
Allister and Powell su car lines.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
TF YOU WANT TO~^ELIToR^BU V A USN
1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
T HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
X business places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<K1 00 «taui^antT¥~tables; nice
«IP I UU. ranse-.everythlng complete: niCPlivlng-
rooms: cheap reat; paid to June 1 T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye
OM7X 6-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE- RENT
$)1 1 O. cheap: good locality; this Is a rare op-
portunity to secure a cheap home. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
<R9^o »-»pOM LODGINCi-HOUSE: RENT
•^ v * XV* m l 7^ 1 InsU and inured for two
m i"«i } i : sj^V rl v v aye. 1 ° f the Purchaser. T.
LUBELSKI, City Hall aye.
mp SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me at once, as I have
customers on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall
avenue. *
W\ B AK , EI * AND DELICACY STORE-
«3SItJ>U. 2 living-rooms: doing pood business-
cheap rent. T. LV BE LSK L, JCUyJUIi avl. S '
'<&. 1 Of) CIGAR-STAND. LAUNOKY OFFICE;
<JP-1-«J^. near People's Palace; cleanne Sin to
$12 week. ■■ BARRETT SKIFF. 921 Market st.
AN INVESTMENT OF $500"will" RETURN'
100 per cent profit in less than 3 mouths Aii
dress Securities, box 9. Call Office. lUoUtns - Ad "
I>ART .NER. WANTED WITH $15,000 FOR
X lumber trade. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, 64 and 65 Chronicle building.
T^ORNER GROCERY AND BAR; A SN \P FOR
\J the price: Al location: stock worth the nrioe
asked. LYNCH A SEER Y, 935 Market at.
Ur ANTED-3 DAY 9 NOTICE TO YOUR
business; to buy a business come at once
LYNCH & SERRY, 936 Market su
'OR SALE— A BARGAIN; TIN AND PLUMB-"
JD ing shop. Address E. M., box 81, Call Office.
CIHANCE FOR WOODWORKER fTO ENTER
\J business; small capital. G. H., box 75, Call.
C COMPETENT OFFICE MAN, WITH $2500~.
) desires legitimate business Investment, Ad-
dress W.. box 83, this office.
INING-ROOM FOR SALE: 40 REGULAR
boarders; clear easy $200 a month. Call 407
Mason .st. lor particulars.
HOG RANCH i- OR SALE— ABOUT 36 HEAD
of hogs, some breeding sows, horse, wagon,
swill route; good house: rent $10; large lot on
outside of city: all for $250. Apply HORATIO
PAUL, 561 Stevenson st.
mjOA TO $100 INVESTED BY OUR METHOD
«25 —U of Turf Speculation will yield you an income
of $26 weekly; have never lost a dollar for a client.
Our book on '-Successful Turf Speculation"
mailed free. MORRIS _ CO., 112 Dearborn St.,
Chicago. '
OOD CHANCE IN THIS CITY FOR A
thorough saloon man with .small • capital. Ap-
ply 116 Front st. Z?.
OOD COFFEE-MILL, NO. 18, SHOWCASE,
.scales and groceries for sale cheap. 112 San
Jose aye.
p OOD-PAYING LAUNDRY FOR SALE;
VT good reason for selling out. For particulars
address San Luis Steam Laundry, San Luis Oblspo,
Cal. ! **
(Dj 1 £.(\ GROCERY AND BAK; 3 ROOMS-
<JPX«Jtf. well stocked; |bargatn. SW. cor. Fif-
teenth and Noe.
ST. HELENA (NAPA CO.) STORE TO LET,
25x75, including fixtures; best location; rent
low. Apply to GEO. W. FEE, St. Helena.
Air ANTED-GOOD PATENTED OR PATENT-
'» able proposition; state invention plainly.
EWING, box 2, Call Office.
p ROCERY AND 6 LIVING-ROOMS; RENT
VT $11 50. Inquire at Call office.
<> HORSESHOE RS— TH E BEST HORSE-
shoeing business in San Francisco for sale. Ap-
ply to F. BP.CSK, 1061 Golden Gate aye.
C»J£A CREAMERY AND DELICACIES:
VO^-OKJ. well paying business in good location;
nice store and living-rooms; average sales $10 per
day; bargain. L. OESTERREICHEK, 630 Mar-
ket st., opp. tho Palace.
ERFECTION WINDOW SCREENS; TERRl-
torial rights for sale; absolutely most perfect
window screens ever made; patented In 1894:
cheaper and more durable than ordinary screens ;
can be taken apart and removed In a minute and
a hundred of them stored in your trunk; be sure
to see them before you buy elsewhere; drop us a
postal and we will call and show them to you : we
are now prepared 10 till orders: factory and main
office. 667 Mission st. E. SHANNON.
%ft GOOD -PAYING BOARDING AND
<;p_il/l/. lodging house, clearing from $75 to
$100 month: sold on account of sickness. 2822
sixteenth st.. nr. Howard: no agent need apply.
L" OR SALE CHEAP — TWO HORSES AND
X large wagon and express business. 107 Twenty-
ninth st.
t> ELIABLE PARTY HAVING INFORMA-
-IV tion that, with right use of capital, will make
money in short time wishes a few congenial per-
sons with some capital to join syndicate for mutual
profit. Address Earnest, box 92, Call.
GOOD BUSINESS FOR SALE; BIG PROFITS:
Investigate. 8.. box 26. CalL
/> UARANTEED PAYING saloon, always
vJ did and always will; without exception the
best future corner in San Francisco, opposite City
Hall dome; a rare chance; answer promptly. Ad-
dress C. H., box 108. Call. - : •■
QI7K BARGAIN; OLD ESTABLISHED
<PX I Oh tobacco, cigar, stationery and candy
s'.ore. Apply corner Allston way and Telegraph
aye., opposite university gate.
"K'OR SALE— A TAILOR-STORE IN A FINE
-T location; very cheap; must leave at once on ac-
count of sickness. Call at 1001 Mission st.
"PHYSICIAN'S PRACTICE FOR SALE (AD-
X vertising); splendid opportunity |for man with
some ready money; fine furnished offices in the
most prominent location on Market st. rent free.
Address P. 8., oox 18. Call Office. .
TO LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County. Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st. .
p ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
Ur Apply this office: no agents.
JOURNALIST AND MANAGER OF 26 YEARS'
0 record wants capital to back a profitable news-
paper enterprise entirely new to the coast. Ad-
dress J., box 76, Call Office. .
GOOD BUSINESS IN GOOD LOCATION; 2
buildings ou leased lot; rent only $2 50 per
month. I. C. SCHARFF. 18 Post st.
WHOLE OR HALF INTEREST IN LIVERY
TV stable; horse, market and wagon repository;
well stocked; buildings long lease and finest place
of the kind on the coast: good chance, for party
with money. Address W. P., box 149, Call Office.
ALOON, BOARDING-HOUSE AND GRO-
0 eery; 22 steady boarders; good bar trade;
chickens, pigs, ducks: big crop potatoes: next to
factory; cars run by; selling very cheap at once:
on account of trouble. Call at this office. !
<3»1 (\(\ BRANCH BAKERY AND CONFEC-
tJpX \J\J. tionery ; good reasons for selling. 3312
Mission St.. opp. carhonse.
HORSE AND EXPRESS - WAGON AND
stand. . Inquire at grocery-store, 175 Clara
St., city.
Qj-J CA GROCERY AND BAR; 2 LIVING-
«4pXUI/. rooms. Apply Call Office.
ALOON— GOt »D LOCATION; LIVING-ROOMS
in back; price $-.'00; rent $15. Address B. J.,
box 4, Call office. ■ • ■
<n» "I AA BAKERY and laundry; cheap
<g>XUV/. rent; bargain. 1243 Mission st.
LADY OF MEANS WANTS GENTLEMAN
J partner with $50; country proposition. Room 2,
12Mason st. .
oTTrENT— RESTAURANT IN GOOD RUN-
J nlng order to any responsible party: knowledge
not required. Inquire SEEMAN'S, 616 Kearny.
I » AR G A I N— WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
1 > liquor store. J. PEYSER, 1601 Market st.
<2!9^fl RESTAURANT, BAKERY: BAR-
ilp4*U\J. gain; good reason for sellg. 917 Mission.
"I/IOR SALE CHEAP-WELL-ESTABLISHED
X' candy, tobacco, cigar, stationery store; fine busi-
ness; reason for selling, nave to go East. Apply
store, 1314 Howard St., bet. JNlnth and Tenth.
QJJOTF; COAL AND WOOD YARD DOING
tJpO I O. gooi business.: must be sold at once;
engine and boiler Is worth the money ; trial given.
Call 810 Sixth st.
SALE-CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
X butcher shop in the city; other business cause
of selling: no agents. Geary and Hyde st.
SMALi. OYSTER GKOTTO NEAR MARKET
St.: cheap. Inquire 113 Third sU
WANTED— LIVE PARTNER IN LIVE BUSI-
" ness: 12000 to $3000 capital: profits large and
sure. Address Live, box 34, Call.
OOD CHANCE FOR BLACKSMITH WITH
small capital. Call 127 3 Langton st. ;
<$• 1 (\(\ WILL BUY GOOD LOCATED SALOON.
<g X \J\J Inquire liquor-store, 795 Mission st.
IjMRST-CLASS RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCA-
X tion on Kearny at. : cheap. Apply this office.
ESTAURANT WORTH $600 FOR 8300- DO-
Ing good business. 206 Ellis st.
T?OR SALE-DRUGSTORE IN CITY; CHOICE
J location; $3500. Drugs, box 19. Call. ,
DELICACY, BRANCH BAKERY AND N<>
tlon-store; good business. Apply Call Office.
$99Pv CANDY-STORE, WITH SODA
-"-y- fountain, 6 icecream freezers, 2 stoves,
candy kettle, shelves, counters, stock of candy
tables, chairs, etc. H ICKOK, 873 Mi Market su
Albany casino saloon, 133 fourth
A NE. cor. Everett st., for sale. '
BARGAIN; WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
liquor-house; $3500. a. V.. box 129. Call.
IVEN AWAY; FINE RESTAURANT; GOOD
Third st M: ° D accountl of departure. 303%
l^. ( , )R ,r ALE ~ A CENTRALLY LOCATED FAM-
X Ily liquor-store; living-rooms attached: rent $40.
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN A CO.. 318 Clay.
T^OR RENT. UNFURNISHED— THE -GRAN-
J. lte House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and fine location:
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business": extra inducements
ottered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom. Cal.
\\r ANTE D— PARTNER TO ENABLE OWNER
•' to carry on further developments in a quartz
mine: large vein: free water and every facility for
working; the property will stand the closest iuTes-
tigation. Audress Owner, box 47, Call Office.
A MING BUSINESS FOR SALE; 10 HORSES
X and 5 lumber wagons with good trade; will be
sold cheap; part cash. McE WEN BROS, 118
Montgomery st.
BFSrNESS CHANCES— Continued.
HOESTORE. FINE COUNTRY TOWN; EFU
O tablished 16 years: large profits; will sell for
65 per cent on cost. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
~<2* A (\l\ CANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.;
<£)-±VJ\J. clears «100 per month. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
01*1 inn COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
<2>±lUU. nr Baldwin. DECKER, lO'-'O Market.
OR SALE— FINE CHICKEN RANCH aND
stock, rent $12. GEO. PILTZ, cor. Berlin and
Barrow sts., San Brnnoroad. ; ". ....
/CARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
V,' business; 17 years in same block. Apply this
office. • .■■■■. '
©lOnn SALOON: BUSINESS PART OF
<Ipx— iUl/. city: good day trnde: finely fitted up.
Apply E. A. KOLB, 422 Montgomery st.
ORNER GROCERY AND BAR — WELL
\J stocked; splendid location; other business
cause of sale. SE. cor. Fifteenth and Castro sts.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
y*l EiQf) OK LESS — 25-ROOM CORNER"
house.
10-room house, worth 91000; price $400
40 rooms; fine for transcient 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market, st 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
AM. SPECK «6 CO. JHAVE MONEY TO
• loan.
15 rooms; net profit 61; price $600.
20 rooms; net profit *85; price $350.
35 rooms; net profit $83: price $1625.
46 rooms; net profit $112; price $1450.
■ A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
POR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE,
-» 22 Sacramento st., containing 40 rooms: well
lighted; gas: water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and In order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially adapted for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, loot
of Market St.: established 3 years; reasons for
for selling, owner retiring from business. Apply to
owner on premises.
\f ORTG AGE SALE-WELL LOCATED AND
-"X furnished house of 37 rooms; near Baldwin:
no reasonable offer refused. L BCHARFF, 18
Post st.
T ODGINO-HOUSE. 10 ROOMS: WELL-FUR-
Jlj nished laundry bath; large sunny yard. 617
Eddy st. ; ;•--!
I" ING -HOUSE 37 . KOOMS FOX 8 ALB
-«-' cueap; income 5240 per month; no agents. Call
or address 1532 Polk st. . • ■ ■ • •
T ODGING-HOUSE; 7 NEATLY FURNISHED
■— rooms: bath; will be sold cheap. 417 Minna.
WELL-FURMSHED, GOOD 67-ROOM LODG-
»' ing-house; good location. 613 Mission st.
%'>."; (I NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE.
«fl>— OU. 9 rooms; bargain.. HBO ARTY, 1004
Market st.
90 FURNISHED ROOMS; GOOD LOCATION;
*»w cheap rent: low price. Grocery, 40 Sixth st.
FURNITURE FOX SALE.
XT^AKD^OT^ATpEW^Y^CAIVP^Tr^A^ ,
*J*J sideboard, table, chairs. '25 Murphy bldg.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOB
A lowest prices on household goods, new -or good
as new; cash or time : open evenings.
PIRE SALE ! ~
•T Prices stand till goods, are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed seta „ .....SIS 59
Bed lounges ......... 808
Stoves 1 50
Carpets, peryard 65
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard . ... 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
a* SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. i.
NOON AN.
G. KRASKY. FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
A(\f\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS^ $14;
rt\J\J stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
■tr juediounges trimmed with plash .'is vi
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades in s colors .... 25c up
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposlu
tyrant avenue; no branch stores. ■--■--■ .
FURNITURE WANTED.
AM ALONE PAYS 20 " PEr'^e'n'F'mOßE:
than elsewhere lor furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth ut.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin. •
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FUR*nT
. tv re, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF"
' you want highest ccsh price tor your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
~~ CARPET CLEANING.
r^ARKETS^CLJKANEDTsc^^YAKdT"IaiJ) 3c
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTOS, 19 Eighth st. '•
TI'HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama sU; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 333
y^ 1 Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
JONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
r\ REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
VJ" ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. <Jbaki.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING, RENOV~a7
J Umj, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ Ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEOROE.offlce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
> like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth- toi.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
T E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 'HO
O . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN*-"
. ovatinsr works. 453 Stevenson: Ml. south 228.
nSEAFjEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
¥ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
_c free States or Canada one year for 31 CO Dost-
age free. ' *^°"
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENTS.
<$finO PlA >"° at a great bargain';
«J)UUU taken in on chattel-mortgage: virtu Ily
new; perfect title. SPECK <fc CO., Crocker build-
ins, Market and Post sts.
-VI AGNIFICENT STECK PIANO; GRAND
I\L tone; private party ; obliged to sacrifice. Room
21, Flood building.
ARE OPPORTUNITY-UPRIGHT GRAND
Hard man; like new; wonderful tone elegant
case; perfect condition: offered by private party at
your own price for Immediate sale. Room 10.
Flood building.
<I|»' MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— A LARGE
<Jp«J size, new fine-tune upright; price $175. 418
Ellis st., room 22.
TEINWAY, $175: DECKER, $150; LADD,
$60; tuning, repairing. BRL ENN'S, 228 Post.
OHMER, STECK, STEINWAY, STATHAM
second-hand upright scbeap. 106 McAllister.
A NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
A pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAU VAIS', 769 Market at.
QHERMAN, CLAY _ CO,, STEINWAY REP-
0 resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Snlter.
BEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.'. BUSH
J-> & Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post st.
A SHAW, $575: STEINWAY", $216; SQUABS,
$25; rented $2 up. . HEINE, 136 Ellis st. >
ffl*Ow PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
<®00. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernta Bank.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money ; Investigate these prices and be con-
vinced ; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the live-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 ">0;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J.HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market st., Spreek-
el's building.
ARRIVED— OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-f*. grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
PO.NOVER PIANO; AS WOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPKNCBK COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
C WHICKERING, KNABK, STECK, VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: plaaoa
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ ifc SON*. 16 O'Farrell.
_1 7 Fit CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
tjpl iO. upright; perfect order. 103 9 Van Ness.
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST SOHMEH,
Newby <fc Evans, Brlgcs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
LOST.
OST— A PAPS^BOOK WITH THE^HIBERNI A
J Savings and Loan society of San Francisco in !
the name of MARY C. BRENNAN, No. 208,050; •
the finder will please return to bank.
Ir»OR TERRIER PUP; MALE. RETURN
JD 1413 Taylor st. ; liberal reward.
OST— YELLOW BULL-TERRIER DOG-
ears cut; tail on; strap collar. Return to 1611
California st. and receive liberal reward.
-I OST-A PARROT. RETURN TO 8 MASON
Li st. and be liberally rewarded. "'
T OST— FROM ALBION BREWERY HUNT.
i^_fS!S__-* sklff: oak flulshed: co^'
L^Tn^s^^SSe^lflaS^
the name of ALFRED KAHN; No 194 925 Th?
tinder uiil please return to bank, i 191 ' 9 - 5 rhe
v Foinii*. ~~~ ~~~~
Monday, LARGE MASTIFF DOG IVormiP
JD Monday, wo Poat; j-.M. Robertson.
AYCOj ; WHITE FACE* NEAR wS i i v
Ii House. Apply pump Tobin, nr. 12-Mi?e"_ ou^CITY REAL ESTATE.
/-i n. UMB»EN_CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st., near Market.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES JUST RECEIVED.
INVESTMENT PAYING 10 PER CENT NET.
QQAAA SHOTWKLL STREET; SUBSTAN-
»3pOUUU. tial nearly new building in several
flats: brick foundation; stone walks; street ac-
cepted; mortgage of $3600 can remain If de-
sired; rent $84, 32x122:6.
3 LOTS; VERY CHEAP.
QQXA EACH; ON THE GRADE; 21ST ST;
«JOt)U street work done; fine views.
COTTAGE ON GROVE ST.
CM 000 NICE BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
*$I.\J\jyj. of 7 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc; street accepted by the city.
RESIDENCE ON CLAY ST.
QOQ A A 2-STORY HOUSE; 10 ROOMS AND
COt/UU. bath, etc.
BARGAIN; LARGE CORNER LOT.
©21 00 CORNER, 67:6X126; ON NOE ST.
BARGAIN ON GILBERT STREET.
Q9T^O KENT $42 PER MONTH: BEY-
O- 1 • O\J . eral flats: 25x80: street accepted:
must be sold; on account of foreclosure of mort-
gage,
LARGE LOT NEAR MISSION STREET.
Ql O^fl 108x200: ONLY 100 FEET FROM
O-Lv«JU. Mlsslon-st. electric cars; level lot.
MANUFACTURING PROPERTY NEAR FIRST
STREET.
ftOI AA IMPROVEMENTS AND LOT, 25
CIIKAP CORNER.
<_QAA CORNER, 30x100, ON DIAMOND
3D JUU. street.
_• OA AA STABLE: LARGER PART OF LOT
<!pOUUU. vacant; 60x89.
BUSINESS CORNER ON TWENTIETH ST.
mro'n STORE AND 2 ROOMS AND FLAT
tjfiO-.OU. of 5 rooms; 25x104; rent $25.
CHOICE LOT FACING PARK.
<_7AAA ROxllO: HAIGHT ST., OPPOSITE
«Jp I UUU. Buena Vista Park.
BARGAIN ON CHATTANOOGA ST.— 2 COT-
TAGES.
_ A 9AA 2 BAY-WINDOW COTTAGES OF 4
O~i_UU. rooms and bath each : brick founda-
tion: street accepted; price considerably reduced;
32:6x117:6.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE ESTATE.
{J/ICA FLINT ST., NEAR CASTRO; LARGE
NEAR MONTGOMERY AND UNION BTS.
Q 1 2 HOUSES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS; LOT
iJpIUUU. 22:6x62:6: must be sold.
■WESTERN ADDITION FLATS, CHEAP.
£:7000 REINER ST.: J 2 ELEGANT
C* I \jy.ryj . fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
all modern improvements; 27:6x106:8; rent
$47 60.
"WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
Q99XA SCOTT ST., SB. HAIGHT; 25x
♦_— — «-'"• 116:3; street accepted; choice loca-
tion for flats.
MISSION FLATS, CHEAP.
C_jPvnn KENT $46 PKR MONTH; 3 FLATS
*4>lO\J\J. in perfect condition and lot 25x94:6;
street accepted; well situated.
WESTERN ADDITION* INVESTMENT.
QU~\ ~7Z. REDUCED FROM $7000; BACRA-
»ITUL I «J. memo st.: 4 flats of 4 rooms each;
rentSsB per month; 27x105: street accepted; on
car line: bargain.
SACRAMENTO-STREET FLATS— BARGAIN.
_»P\9Pin - FLATS OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS; 25
_ "-""• xl 28; street accepted.
MISSION COTTAGE— CHEAP.
QjOnAA cottage OF 5 booms amd
td<J\J\J\J. bath in Al condition: near Guerrero
and Market sts.; 25x75.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records."
which contains a list of properties for sale In all
part* of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TO* A SONNTAO,
REAL ESTATK AGENTS AND
AUCTIONEERS.
19 MONTGOMERY ST., UNDER LICK HOUSE.
Q^OllO FLORIDA ST., NEAR 24TH; 4
OtJUuvJ. flats: rents $48.
QXXAA BEAVER ST., NEAR 16TH; 2
UOVJV. flats; rents $43; will exchange equity
for lot.
Q9OAA YORK ST.: COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS
'_ —O\J\J. and bath; high basement; easy terms.
QOXAEACH; LOTS 25x100; BEADY FOR
•jO\J building: near cur; easy terms.
Q9(|'n BHOTWELL ST.; COTTAGE: 5
< — \)O\f. rooms and batn ; large lot, 30x122:6.
Qll HAH SUIT K-ST. INVESTMENT:
«iT It:. UUU. stores and flats: rents $1080 per
annum.
Q9?\AA NEAR HOWARD AND 7TH STS.;
«^3_iO \J \J. 2 cottages of 4 rooms each; rents $25.
QCXfirt NEAR PINE AND BTSIXIXB
♦7«>«JUU, sts.; 2 flats; rents $51 50; street
work done.
CJQAAA MUST BE SOLD; MAKE OFFER:
*{pU\J\J\J. house of 11 rooms; lot 35x90; Mls-
B. on st. -'■>.. -, ;•
SOAAA RENTS $24;J¥ORK ST.; 2 FLATS
OUUU. of 5 rooms ana oath each.
QIAAA NE. COR. LAKK ST. AND 13TH
£)1 UUU. aye.; lot size 40x72 feet.
QTfinn 14TH ST., NEAR VALENCIA;
«25 I VK/yj. large lot, 41:6x98; cottage 6 rooms,
Lath, etc
QOftAA RENTS $37 PER MONTH; 2
tJOUUU. flats and rear cottage; 6th aye.
QQAAA GUERRERO ST., NEAR 16TH:
O\J\J\J. rents $300 per year; 2-story house of
8 rooms ana bath.
iSnO KAA GROVE ST., NR. OCTAVIA;
CIU.tJUU. 30x70; 2 houses; rents $75;
terms half cash.
Q_A 000 RENTS $4300 PER ANNUM; 2
♦4JSIU.UVU comers; well Improved; short dis-
tance from Market st.
Q.IOOO POST ST.; SUNNY RESIDENCE; 7
tJP'IUUU. rooms and bath, etc
'Si^fi^O MCALLISTER ST. — 2 FLATS
i£>O\JO\J. gunny side; 32xl00;rents$516ayear.
Q9fioo RENTS $40 PER MONTH; 4
<£)4.\J\J\J. flats near Ist and Brannan sts.
Ql AOO COTTAGE 5 ROOMS: RENTSSIO-
«u>J-UuV/. near Vallejo and Jones sts; splendid
view.
QOOAA MODERN 2-STORY HOUSE, 7
t^OOXJyj. rooms, bath, etc.; bay view; near
cable.
For further particulars apply to
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
19 -Montgomery st.
M. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.:
. choice Investments; choice investments.
QOCA LOT 25x114 FT., ON 27TH ST.;
k3£.*j\J. worth $500.
C£4oo LOT 25x120 FT RICHMOND; ON
•5:1 (\KO NEAT MODERN COTTAGE:
tZpxUOV. near Market.
82000. LOT 25x100 FT., ON OAK; PAN-
.D^UUU. handle.
(<9^A(k 2 GOOD FLATS, NEAR 7TH AND
«tl — »JUU. Folsom.
Q3OOO 1 NICE FLATS: RENTS $33;
•~ # ->"UU. near 12:h and -Market.
Si? r »^OO CORNER; 2 II USES ON LEAV-
«IT»-»«JUU. en worth; lot 60x90 ft.
<fe 7^oo 6 FLATS: RENTS $72; WITHIN
<35 I OUU. sight of Hiberuia Bank.
-ftl _ 000 CORX , EK (NEW), 6 FLATS;
TIDIZ..UUU. rentssll6; all rented.
SI 4 000 £!>lN'! >1N ' '''''H'ERTY; LOT
i V r J ' sOxB ° *«•: Rood Improvements;
within a block of Taylor and Market; rents $100
*1 t\ %( 10 BUSINESS CORNER ON
ir J D.OUU. Geary st., near Wigwam.
&18 500 FINK CORNER BUSINESS
<£>XU.tJ\/l/. property: rents $125: an offer
wanted for M arket-st. property, near Call Office
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. 602 Market st.
MCAKEE BROTHERS"! ~~ ~~
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CjH 1 000 BTEUART ST.. NR. MISSION:
«2?XI.UUU. a desirable piece of business prop-
erty, renting for $780 a year; t.iis part of town is
growing in favor as an Investment; brick Improve-
ments.
QftOOO Inl ISAST.. NEAR 4TH; 41:»x09;
.J<v^;\7V/. building of flats^n gl&od condition;
renting for $80—1 percent— a mouth.
ft7ooo TEI IAMA ST., NEAR 6TH: 3
tIP I \jyJ\J. flats: brick foundasion; rents $744
per annum; a good Investment.
CfQJ^ 000 RTH— T. CORNER; LOT
'" *?«!-;« * 60x80; 2 goad buildings, renting
for $2700 per annum : a good business property,
fl{9^ 000 FIRsT CORNER: 175 FEET
*Z>^O.\J\JyJ. front; 9 flats, renting for $2352 a
year: oner wanted: easy Day ment can be arranged.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
■ - 108 Montgomery st.
ARGAIN IN A BLOCK SUITABLE FOR
mi»k ranch close to city and electric road.
V*
"I El ACRES OF FINE VEGETABLE LAND
1 Oz at Elm hurst, Oakland; fronting railroad
station ; very cheap.
1 1 ACRES, SUITABLE FOR CHICKEN-
Xt ranch, at Col ma station.
JACOB -HEYMAN, room 6, Crocker building
Post and Market. , #
AND MOST DESIRABLE PAKK REBI-
I dence near panhandle; marine and nark view;
the choicest of any: strictly modern; every known
convenience; terms to suit. Apply on premises,
2-.03 Fulton St.: take Hayes or McAlhs.er-st. cars
to the park.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON _ BURKE, REAL ..ESTATE
Agents: established 1858: 626 Market st
5&1 f\ PiOO 150x108; LARGE RESIDENCE;
IU.uUU. stable and outhouses; BE. corner
Bush and Broderick. ■
5,1 9 OHO magnificent business
«DI_J.UUw. corner on Flllmore St., 29:6x100, i
entirely covered with substantial Improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
©19 000 PACIFIC, NEAR FILLMORE;
x^P 1-J.UUU. modern fiats; rents $100; 10t25x
127:81/4.
VAN NESS AVENUE, CLOSE to market
* street: an elegant business corner; paying a
large income.
% 100 80x72; CORNER POLK AND LOM-
«_>OJUU. bard; reduced from $5000. MADI-
SON _ BURKE.
©OAAA 2 FLATS; SANCHEZ, NR.24TH;
iirO\l\J\J. lot 25x101. MADISON -BURKE
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
X 9 rooms and bath; all modern conveniences:
25x137:6; only $7260. MADISON A BURKE.
©ftp; A A WASHINGTON. NEAR DEVlBA-
tg)\J<J\jyi. dero — 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON & BURKE.
<8JJ£»OO EVERKIT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
<_5 1OUU. 4 nice flats: rents $56; lot S7:«x8O.
ffiuAflA BAKER, NEAR SUTTER: 2
O*JUUU. flats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
fflfftAAA PAGE, XKARBRODEKIOK; __si-
C^UUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
b7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
36 Pk000 * FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
tJDOUUU. Ridley; rente $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON A BURKE.
dfcOCAA, CLEMENT, NR. 8D AYE.; DOC-
<iIj\JU\J\J, ble cottage and 2-story house, pro-
ducing large Income; lot 50x100.
$17finn RUBS, NEAR F0L80M; 2 HOUSES,
«IP I UUU. 60x100; well rented for $63 per
month; part of lot still vacant.
<311 QOO HILL. NEAR CHURCH; NICE
OIOUU. home; 26x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
®9^OA LARGE INCOME; SHIPLEY, NR.
«3P_-OUU. 6th; 2 flats: lot 26x75.
■ •.' . UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$16.000— Capp and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
In subdivisions.
$4600— 24 th, NE. cor. Vicksburs?; 60x114.
(4000—65x117 :6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$.700— Brodtrrick, nearßusti; E. side: 30x103,
with tank and stable.
$3500— Steiner. near Pine: 25x103.
$3600— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$2700— Broderick, near Bush; 80x103.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
82200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$1050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
$2000 each— _ lota on Bush, near Broderick: re-
duce d from £3000.
$180')— Noe, near 18th; 25x110.
$2100— Mission st. .opposite Cortland ay.; 96x84.
$1360 Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
$1300— 19 th, near Sanchez: .5x114.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
MADISON <fc BURKE. 626 Market at.
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Yon Kheix.
OF. YON RHEIN _ CO.. REAL ESTATK
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street.
$16,000— Larkin. near California: 40:6x87:6; 3
story bay-window house, containing basement
stores and flats, with rear houses; rents $139.
$15,CC0— McAllister, near Buchanan; S3:9x
137:6: 2 flats, store and coal yard: rents $105.
$12.000— Page, near Gougb. to Rosa avp.; 27:6 x !
120: 2 fiats in front and 2 In rear: rents $76.
$6000— Leaven worth and Lombard; 40x97:6; 1
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
$10.600— rancisco.near Stockton; 45:10x137:6; i
4 houses and 2 rear houses: 24 rooms: rents $83. I
I.ooo— Page, near Octavla; 27x120 to Lily
aye.; 2-story fiats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60.
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6; fine resi-
dence. 12 rooms and bath.
$9000— 1st. near Harrison; 68:9x137:6; resi- '
dence in front: 3 cottages in rear: rents $72.
Howard, near 23d; 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 8-story
honse; 20 rooms; rents $56.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot;
B3x88:9; 2 flats: 10 rooms; rents $30.
$7000— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
7000— Chestnut, near Dupont ; 40x122:6 to
Pffifler; double 2-story bouse on each frontage: :
rents 564; will sell either frontcge.
if 7ooo— Oak. near La-una: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story nonse, 7 rooms and bath; rents ■
$32 60.
$0500— Mason, near Post; 18x55; 2-story house: |
7 rooms and bath : rents $31 50.
$6600— Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley: store and fiat above.
?tsooU— Va.lrjo, near Sansome; 36x87:6; 4-story '
tenements: rents $57.
85500— Powell, near Fella place; 22x65; 2-story
house; 18 rooms.
$51:00— Vallejo, near Leaven worth: 43:9x137:6: :
two tront and one rear house; IB rooms ana oath; '
rents $46.
$10 JO— San Jose aye., near 24th St.; 27x175; 8 i
rooms and Lath: fine ground?.
?4500-Broderlck »nd Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house: 6 rooms and bath.
$4200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
$3500— Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story I
house, 7 rooms and bath.
$3500— Gough and Lombard; 58x84; private j
residence.
$3350— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny; I
19:6x57:6: 3-story fiats; rents $25.
$3300— Larkin. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2- :
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 60; easy ;
terms: 2_:8x99.
Couture— Lnrkln. near Chestnut; unobstructed '
marine view; $1200 casn, balance same as rent:
27:6x110.
sSOOO-Paclfi?, near Hyde: 20x73: 2 flats; rents
$Jb.
$2500— Le Roy place, near Sacramento St.; 22:4
x&8:3: 2-story house, 2 flat*, 10 rooms; rents $20.
$2400— Kennebec, near Jefferson; 60x70; Gift
Map No. 2; 2 cottages; 9 rooms an 1 bath; rent $22.
Fairmount Tract; Arlington, near Mi-
guel; 28x108; $250 cosh, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
#1600— MoultOD, near Montgomery and Green;
22:*5x62:6; 2-story house; 2 flats; rents $18.
Telegraph place, near Kearny; 17:2x46:
2-story brick bullaii _ ; 7 rooms; rent $15.
$1350— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70: cottage, 6
rooms.
Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x j
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
I $7600-McAHlster. near Flllmore: 40x137:6.
Valencia, near 25thst. railroad station; 61x i
117 :t> to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and I
6 lots on Dolores.
$1076— 23 d and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 60x75.
*2250— near Baker: --'5x103.
$180*)- Florida and 23d; 25x104.
$1900-25tu, near Noe; 50x114; will subdivide.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200-Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
Homestead, near 26th; 60x250 through
toKllen. / <
B*looo- or Church place, near Dupont St.; '
20x65 to rear street.
$900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800- Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road.
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia; 60x100: will subdivide.
CALIIORNIA-ST. BUSINESS !
•fUUUif. corner; Richmond; new bulldinc:
fine erocery-stor<». barroom and 4 rooms attached; I
32:6x100; rare opportunity for groceryman as
well as for investment.
$2900— Shipley st., near sth; front and rear I
house; rent $30; 26x75; sacrifice.
$12,000— fcddy, near Jones; 23x137:6; rent $90.
I«3'JOO— Ridley st., near Market: splendid new i
cottage; 6 rooms and bath; modern: 25x114: »A *
cash. .:- , .
$1500— B St., cor. IBthave. ; 82:6x100.
8900 — Diamond si., near 21st; 60x125; $650 '
mortgage can remain: forced sale
L. OEsiTERREICHER, 630 Market St., opp. the ;
Palace. vv !
"TOR A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
The finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; just being finished: marble steps and all
the latest improvements; put up by days' labor- i
north side of Fell St., near Scott. Call on premises i
or office of owner and builder, DAN EINSTEIN,
630 Market st. »***». |
If OR SALE. CHEAP-TWO 2-STORY HOUSES; I
X lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms: bath: finished base- i
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking '
tubes; stone walks. On . Waller st., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. !
? HOTWEI^N'EAR24TH;3-FLAT
»P_UUU. house: full-sized lot: paying $37 per
month and rented low; street bltuminized; a
barbain.
•11,000— COR. GUERRERO AND 20Tn
sts.: lot 75x105, with IX-rooin house: must sell-
!?r. a '£J/c WOrt n tno mon «y- '• *'. WRIGHT A
yAK, b_o -VlurK* J t fit-
s33oo BENTS $10; JUST THINK OF IT;
tITOOUU. NW.cor. In the Mission 2 houses of
,h? a ! 8 f£ b> co ° '," s : 18 sunny rooms, all rented ;
this Is the greatest bargain in San Francisco to^
day: terms to suit purchaser.
$1250 will buy nice new bay-window cottage of
tiTfin 8 ;^ ' %t% tC ;' h l \ warm bplt of the Mission,
with fine view of the bay; only $250 cash, bal-
r-eff. "h^u'rl^hT&S Markefs?"' **" "^
$8850. = ' ~~ ~~ "
GEARY STREET, NKArl^nJ^*-!--.
Business property: double house of 16 rooms
and battis: couid easily be arranged for stores; lot
80x80. For further particulars apply to a £
UMBaEJN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
<ft9HOO NE . *- Roi >*l COTTAGE: A_L
«IP,_UUU. modern lm rovemenU; 235 3d aye •
one-third of a block from Sutro streetcars- also
1 lot on 4th aye.. near Lake st; easy terms •' very
Cheap. B. I. TAYLOR, 31 6 Point LoboTave.
<Bi£^O HOUSE AND LOT, $650. ~T~
<_sUi.r'. Lot 25x125: 4-room cottage- suitable
for dairy. PATTERSON _ CO, 2 Valencia ,1
~QZ. AOO AT A SACRIFICE— S4OO.
_UU. Corner house and lot, chicken-houses
and barn; lot 53 by 100; $7.1 down, small Install-
ments: good" location. PATTERSON A CO 2
Valencia st. w " *
OR SALE-1011 CAPP ;6T., , NEAR 25TH
sunny 6-room modern cottaze; bath, pantry"
high basement, brick foundation; lot through to
rear street; bargain; easy terms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
B~X£DWT?r4;'irA MM ON D, ~^ - v.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery street
fl{tr»r/\/\ REDUCED PRICE; HOWARD ST.;
«JPU«JV/1/. near Eighteenth: 2-story residence;
8 rooms and bath ; make an offer.
Q>~\ O?\O COTTAGE; 3 BOOMS: ON DAME
»ip_UUU. St., near Randall; lot 25x120; easy
terms. <.-;.•..■:,
Oil A OHO MAKE AN OFFER; RENT
<& l ±^t.\J\J\J. $1440 per annum: McAllister St.,
bet. Pierce and Bcott; 4 modern flats; 6 and 7
rooms each.
9 000 A Bl ° BARGAIN; DEVISA-
XJJ.\J\J\t. aero su. bet. Page and Haight:
fine 2-story residence of 10 rooms and bath: stable
In rear; lot 62x137:6.
%11 000 RENT 11260 PER YEAR;
<]p__.UUU. splendid investment on Nob Hill;
fine modern flats; always rented: lot 36x137:6;
cable cars pass the property.
QCJKAA LEAVENWORTH ST., BET. CLAY
ts)\JO\.'\J. and Sicramento: 2-story and base-
ment residence; 8 rooms and bath; lot 80x100;
probate sale; must be sold.
Q4.9^A GREAT BARGAIN; BENT $660
tIPT^UU. per year; 2 stores and 10-room flat;
Union at., near Octavla; large lot.
WALNUT ST., BET. WASHING-
*-•»" • *J\J, ton and Jackson; new 2-story house;
9 rooms and bath; lot 27:8x137:6.
ffi«9^A O'FARRELL ST. CORNER. NEAR
<?VJ-«JU. nevisadrro; 4 flats; rent $54; lot
45x60: both streets bitumlnlzed.
©9A' 0 EA SY TERMS: BAY-WINDOW
«ip*jv/ V* cottage of 5 rooms; Connecticut st.,
?£v° l . a close t0 U-'on Iron Works, 2 blocks from
16th-st electric cars.
$fifiOO 17TH ST - CLOSK TO MARKET
iJVJUUV. and Castro, elegant flats, cost $1-250
to build, 6 and 7 rooms, baths, etc ; extra large lot :
must be seen to be appreciated.
&6500 A BIG BARGAIN; FINE 2-STORY
iZ)\J<J\J\J. house, 9 rooms, all modern conven-
iences, on Hayes St., nr. Devlsadero; lot 26x137:6.
$7500 HAVES ST., BET. LYON AND
rjp I O\J\J. Lou. 3 bay-window flats, 6. 7 and 8
rooms; large lot; rented very low for $63.
$1 2 000 MAKE AN OFFER; CLAY ST..
«P LO.UUU. nr. Van Ness aye., 2-story resi-
dence of 8 rooms and baih: lot 50x128; splendid
location for flats.
t th4(iOO~ ItEUUCED PRICE; STEVENSON
tlTt' >\JV. B t.. bet. rtldley and Hermann: 3 bay-
window flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each;
rent, $40.
UNIMPROVED.
#1 00 £ E , FHONT FOOT; VERY CHEAP;
tITXUU Fulton st, nr. Stelner: half block from
Alamo square;62:6xl37:6; will subdivide: street
Ditumlnized.
$550. 251 ik AV _s_? \ POINT LOBOS;
Q^nO VERY CHEAP; NORTH SIDE OF
3POUU. point Lobos aye., bet. 27th and 28th
StS.: 25x100.
$ 3 9 5 27TH A VK^R- SUT RO ELECTRIC
KmJSf^S^St* " iol8 ' each2sl
$1600. 0 01i H oo. A^f__ - P ° IXT LOBOS:
BALDWIN A nAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st
JUST SUBDIVIDED. ~~ "
A NE\V BLOCK FRONTING
-i. v .... i., OX GOLDEN GATE PARK.
The beautiful block bounded by H and I «•<!
Ninth and Tenth ayes., has just, "been placed In
our hands for sale at prices which insure a rapid
sale. *
$760 TO $1100.
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
This block ban just been graded and every lot Is
on the grade. .Sidewalks around the entire block.
Water and gas pipes laid. This property has a I
splendid future, and the prices we have made i
make the lots a splendid investment. Go out to- '
day and see them. Secure your choice at once. '
Mark well what we say. "The lots are great bar-
gains and are bound to sell rapidly "
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
- 10 Montgomery st.
MORE LOTS SOLD ~
ON 11TH AND 12TH AVENUES.
_ A FEW LEFT.
There are now only 16 lots left on 11th and 12th
ayes , California and Lake ets. They will soon
all be gone. If you am a lot In Richmond see
these. Street work all done— graded, sewered and
macadamized. ;
PRICE $700. ' ■ --
TERMS. $50 CASH
_.'_■-■.-*_ $10 MONTHLY.
Take the gutter or California st. cars to 11th
aye. Go to-day.
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st
HUILDING \ ~" ~
J.I > I S—
S3OO TO $400.
$6 CASH.
$5 MONTHLY.
i-TKKK'I WORK
DORS.
All ready for building purposes. Streets are
all grodi-d, sewered and macadamized, and I
water pipes laid. Many of the lots require no
grading. If you are looking for a building
lot, sett those we are offering in the Castro ■
. Street Addition. Take the Guerrero Street
Electric Road (Mission or Valencia transfer
at Fourteenth st.) and ride to Chenery and I
astro sts.. and see the agent in our branch
ofllce there.
BALDWIN <& HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
JOHN I'fOER, 3.9 MONTGOMERY ST., OPPi i
fcafe Deposit, offers for sale:
$2000— 2-story house, 5 rooms, on SOth st , near
Si.c: lot '-5x125.
$6750— Folsom-st. boulevard; 4 flats of 3, 4 and j
6 rooms: lot 25xH5: rent $32.
$7000— Rent .s6o; Folsom st. toulevard; 3-story
house, store and 2 flats; lot 28x100 feet.
57.00— McAllister St., near Fillmore; double
fiat; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rent $47 50
$20,000 — Geary-su corner: 2 stores and flats up-
stairs: lot 28x62: rent $140.
$4000— Minna St., near New Montgomery; will
be a business place; house 8 rooms; lor 30x65.
$3000— Natoma st. ; 2 story; 8 room s; lot 2Px7O j
rent $20.
$28,500— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts.; a block of 2-story bay-window
houses; 3 stores end 3 flats of 6 ami 6 rooms and
bath each: also •£ 6-room cottages on 17th st.: lot
bSxIUO; rent $2280 per annum.
*1 3,000— Howard st., mar 4th: 3-story house;
.< stores and 10 room* upstair : lot 30x80: rent $77.
93 1, 000— Splendid pay property on one of the
business streets leading to the Park; paying $300
per month, and will greatly improve In value.
fdOOO-7tii st., near Brunnwi; lot 25x75, with
Improvements: renting at $30.
$-000—5 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st.,
Deaz Valencia.
96800— B«» $85: lot 46:6x62:6; Jackson st.,
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each: al-
ways rented.
UNIMPROVED.
$3200— Haight St., near Baker; 26 or 50 by 110.
$.5100— Corner on Fillmore St.; 24x82.
$1250—25x80: i Ith st., near Dolores.
$SOO-Noe st., near 30th; lot 36:6x75.
$3500- Lot 76x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eureca
eta. ; make offer.
REAL -STATE FOR SALE BY '
It C. H. REYNOLDS A CO., ' V
323 MONTGOMERY ST.
I
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
Point Lobos, Cliff House and 41st are.- choice
lots on electric-car line: grand view.
Point Kotos. Cliff House, 42d and 43d ayes.; fine
GORE LOT; 550 feet main frontages and unsur-
passed view: bargain.
$5000— D st.: business corner: nr. cars and ocean.
25x120 lots, mar electric-cars; from Ist to 43d
avea. ; ready for improving.
Bernal Heights: Gift Map lots, near Cortland
aye.: on Wayne st. : bargain.
Siegel st. and Powbattan aye.; choice cheao
Bernal Heights building lots.
San Bruno road and Crescent aye. ; choice lots.
<Bi4^oo WASHINGTON AND SPRUCE
«Tp_uUU. sts.: fine corner; 87:6x100; elegant
view and a bargain. • <
$2000— Washington st. ; adjoining above corner *
25x100; very cheap. *
$18'J0— Spruce St.. near Washington; 25x112-6-
offered at a sacrifice for quick sale. ' '
$3000— lst-ave. boulevard, cor. Clay st.; large
lot, 28:4x102; fine corner and at greatly reduced
price.
$3750— Golden Gate aye., nr. lst-ave. boulevard-
lanje lot. 50x137:6, with cottage 6 rooms and bath
and unfinished basement; make offer. ROBERT
J. MERCER A SON, 410 Pine st.
■yOU CAN BUY ~~ — "~~""
A LOT
— — —
IN HIE HEYMAN TRACT
From $350 up. It only takes 15 minutes' ride to
get there: oil street work done; Spring Valley
\vi ter; over 150 lots already sold.
$60 cash, $10 monthly; take Caslro-st. car to
23d St., or Mlsslon-et. car, transferring at 22d st. ;
Mr. James K. Cotter, resident agent, will show
you around: houses built; terms— down, $.5
monthly: 15 Bold In the las, 6 months.
JACOB HEYMAN, room 5, Crocker building
Post and Market. •
<BtG^/l NEW 3- ROOM COTTAGE, WITH
«JP«JeM». level lot, near Mission an SOth sts ;
hard finished: laree basement; all modern-
terms, 8100 down, $15 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN. room , Crocker building.
<& IHA PARK LOTS; WITHOUT INTER-
(JiIUU, est, $6 mont lv. JACOB HEYMAN.
room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
Q;OQAA PART CASH; REN $3ttO PKR
<iJ)>iO\J\J . annum; 2 good flats, 5 and 6 rooms-
lot 25x100; near i entral aye. and cars.
- $2400— Large corner lot and 3 Inside lots; 13th
aye., south of the Park; nice view.
$365 per lot— graded ■. lots In Richmond:
fenced, etc.: view; easy terms; see this.
H. K. POEHLMAN, 416 Montgomery st
1 DORSAL-, JERSEY ST.. NEAR DOUGLASS;
F new cottage 5 larce rooms, bath, attic, fine base-
ment, latest improvement: Vj block from electric-
cars. Apply WM. PLANT. NE. cor. 24th &nd
Douglass. * '-I:-.:
T A SACRIFICE— MODERN RESIDENCE
and SB-foot lot, cost $14,500; small cash pay-
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devisadero.
Ti>or» SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
X 1X 1 just completed, opp. Park; modern. 1917 Oak.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AN ELEGANT HOME.
NEW AND MODERN.
OVERLOOKING THE PARK PANHANDLE
C.QAAf\ A HANDSOME RESIDENCE OP
t_SOUUU. 14 rooms: bath, basement and attic ;
only 1 year old; beautifully decorated and fin-
ished; exceedingly well built: lot 25x96 feat. .< ■■■
KASTON, ELDRIDOK _ CO..
* ' 1 638 Market at.
BIG VALUE.
FINE INVESTMENT.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
£•1 ' 000 SIX MODERN FLATS 6 AND
t_SJ. O.\J\J\J. 7 rooms and bath, on north side of
Oak St., near Scott : only 5 years old and In splen-
did condition; rents for $1660 per annum: lot 50x
137:6; reduced from $20,000 for immediate sale.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & <:<>.,
638 Market st.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
MODERN RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
mnQAA A TWO-STORY HOUSE, NEARLY
QOOUU. new, 9 rooms and bath, on Union st
nr. Baker: lot 27x150. Reduced for Immediate
sale on account of departure of owner; easy terms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.
638 Market at
pHOICE FLATS.
Vj ON McAllister st
ALWAYS RENTED.
(ju/>7c/-v a two-story BUILDING CON-
dpO I v\J. talcing store, two flat* and rear cot-
tage: rents for $780 per annum; only 4 years old
and in good condition; reduced from $7500- lot
25x137:6. EASTON, ELDRIDOE „ CO.
- 638 Market st.
17IINE MISSION home. ~~~
x must be sold,
bank ABOUT to FORECLOSE.
C_^Or/\ A SUBSTANTIAL HOUSE OF 8
C" i— «JU. rooms and Dath. also stable, en the
north side of 15th St., near Market; 10. 30x116 ft.-
— lortcafrc of $3000 can remain; reduced from
$5500.
EASTON, ELDRTDGE * CO..
638 Market street
ANDSOME COTTAGE. ~~
IN THE MISSION.
ON EASY TERMS.
Qrnrv CASH. BALANCE MONTHLY AS
WOVjyj i-ame as rent, a new modem cottage of 6
rooms, bath and all the latest conveniences, on
Noe at., near 22d: key lot. 26x105; price $3000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
' 638 Market street.
USINESS PROPERTY. ~~~
ON THE OCEAN HOUSE ROAD
_ .)AAA. A p.oadhousk, near the new
«Jp_,UUU. racetrack: leased for 3 years at $25
per month; lot 60x93x138 feet: this property Is
also near the new coursing grounds. EASTON
ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
/CHOICE LOTS. ~ 7
\J ALL BARGAIN*.
FOR SPECULATION.
FOR BUILDING.
Cl OfkACA-m BUYS 2 CHOICK LOTS ON
»r__.UU Presidio Heights: 25x1J7:6 each;
ready for building: $2400 morteaee in Hibernla
Bank can remain; thin is a bargain; lately re-
duced from $4000.
<3i/19AA BDTTXB ST.. NEAR DEVISA-
JJJ) ttZUU. dero: 30:6x164.
CM AAA NW. CORNER OF CHURCH AND
Army sts.; 88x80.
QQXAA WASHINGTON ST., NEAR DE-
tJi)OOUU. vlsadero; £oxl27 :BV_.
fIjOAAA BAKER ST., NR. Oak: 25x96:10
_f>O^n ASHBURY ST., NR. FELL; 26x
— OU. 106:3 feet.
$ 09ft A. WALNUT ST., NR. CLAY: 25x
ZiL\)\). 112:6 feet.
0:9100 CLAYTON ST., NR. PAGE: 26x
rJpZIUU. 106:3 feel.
©1 r;AA CORNER I ST., NR. 17TU AYE.;
57:6x100 feet. .
(£.l OAA CHENERY ST., NR. MATEO; 50x
<J)±_;UU. 100 feet. _
QIIAA LAKK ST.. NR. CALIFORNIA;
tj> 1 1 UU. 25x102:6 feet.
C_l ATA 2D AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA ST.,
<3)IUOU. 25xl'-ofeet.
<B»OOO MISSISSIPPI ST., NR. YOLO; 106 x
<J)JUU. 100 feet.
$800. feet^ yß _^ Tn AYE - : 35 - 100
EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
638 Mar-et st.
SHAINWALD. HUCKBEE A CO., HEAL, _S-
0 TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILD
HOUSES RENTED.
$3500— Florida St.- price reduced: 3 modern
flats or 5 rooms aud bath; terms $1150 cash, bal-
ance on mortgage at 7 per cent; lot 28x100.
$20.000— -W. cor. Brvant and Hitch sts.; store
and 2 dwelling*; rents £116: lot 60x75.
$5200— Haight st.. near BrodericTc: 2-story and
basement house of 9 rooms and bath; tnls Is a bar-
Rain.
$1125— Easy terms, $125 cash, balance $20
monthly: Filbert jU, N. line, near Baker; close to
V niOD-st. cable; lot 25x137i6.. - : • -
$7500— u'Foirell at., near Jones, close to transfer
pol ut; 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath; rents
$.15; lot 22:6x69.
$-_'80O— New modern cottage on Clement St., on
the Sutro road, near 2d aye.: 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100; terms 8600 cash, balance in monthly
ins ailments.
$7500— Bush St., N. side, near Jones; 2-story
co tage of 7 rooms and bath; cheap; lot 27:6 x
$2600— Richmond cottage: W. line of Bth aye ,
nenr California st.; almost new; 4 rooms and bath ;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
81760— Nor;hwest corner on Clement st. (i<utro
electric road): biggest bargain out there; 57:6 x
100; offer wanted.
$7000— A her bargain in the Marine View dis-
trict: southwt-.it corner Broad and Scott sts.;
3H:'_'i 4x120: less than $200 a front foot; fine
marine view; surrounded by beautiful residences:
terms $25011 cash. $4500 on bank mortgage.
$10.600— Page St., close to Market: good Im-
provements: rents $840 per annum; lot 27:6x120:
2 frontai-es; must bo sold.
$12,000— NX. corner on Webster st. substantial
Improvements; rents $1150 per annum; lot 37:6
xS'J.
$5000— Mand.-iomo modern cottage on Broderlclc
Rt.,near Washington; contains 6 rooms and bath;
lo:-..'6*»7:6 feet.
$1760-stevenson St.. near 14th; 25x80 feet;
street sewered and macadamized.
$13,000-Cost over $17,000; rents $1440 per an-
num; 3 of tlm handsomest flats in San Francisco;
contain 7 rooms and bath ; mortgage of $7500 can
rem&iu. . .
$2400— Sunny side of Clay st, near Lyon; 29:5 x
90. or 2 lots at the same rate.
$5500— Price reduced irom $6150; rents per an-
num, $£84; will pay 9 percent net; front aud rear
house; Russ St., near Howard.
$40, OIK) --utter-."', investment: north side,
downtown; substantial improvements; rented to
one tenant for $3000 per annum, net: mortgage,
$12,000 at 6',-- ner cent: can remain if desired.
$18,000— Northeast corner residence on Devisa-
dero st.: In Pacific Heights region: over 50 ft.
front; contains salon pur or < in white and gold :
dining-room lnoaic; breakfast-room: large kitchen:
square hall; decorated and frescoed: stained-glaes
windows: contains 6 bedrooms and baths: every
room sunny; billiard aud furnace room In base-
ment.
C33oo— Worth, $5000: good substantial bay-win-
dow cottage of 6 large rooms and oath; tank
closet In bathroom ; double parlors; closet In every
room: c<.'t>.<>iit sidewalk: note the size of lot, 34
xIOO ft.: Bush st., near Bn>l« rick.
$3500— Seymour aye., between Scott and Devisa-
dero and TurK and Golden < ate aye.; substantial
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone: lot 25x90; 91000 cash, bal-
ance In monthly payments of $20 If desired.
$2000— Leroy lace, between Sacramento and
Clay and Jones and Leavenworth; 2 flats of 4
rooms each: rents $20: lot 22:6x60.
55500— Price reduced; Webster st., near Wash-
ington: very good 2-story house of 3 rooms and
l>a:h; street accepted; mortgage $3000 at 6V_ per
cent canremain; lot 20x97:6 feel.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, HUCKBIiE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
OTTAGK, 7 ROOMS: BATH: JUST BUILT:
\J plastered basement: concrete walks in front
and rear; decorated throughout and superior to any
before bnl'.t In the Mission: for sale on easy pay.
mrnts and very cheap; on 24th-st. electric line,
4249, near Douglass. J. ANDERSON, builder.
J. (\- f\ NEAT COTTAGE AND LOT; 6
»_st/«JU. rooms: hard-finished. 210 Andover
aye., bet. Crescent st. and _ast aye., Holly Park
Tract. .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS-THREE NEW 12-ROOM
-T houses. 2847. 2849 and 2u51 FlUmore at.. S. of
Green: all modern improvements: reception-hall,
pnrlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat; all rooms and closets
lighttd by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view; good Investment.
171 OR SALE— N. SIDE OF GROVE ST., 125 W.
: of Baker; elegant new 3-story house of 3 fiats,
7 and 8 rooms In each: nearly finished: with all
the latest Improvements: marble stairs; electric
llnhts: being Just like a corner house, with grand
view of main drive to park: any one who wants to
make nn Investment should not fall to see it. The
owner. C. ZWI-HLKIN, can be seen on premises.
_______ . _
C. BEMIM.
. KEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600-E. stdf> of wtanyan st, bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet
$6700— 50x1 27:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
*0000— '_ modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
pane: i;6x137 feet: electric road pa*ses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st,
bet. Firs; ana Fremont. .
$H5OO-K!egaiu N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox3sO. SW. cor. 19th aye. and
25th st.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-faonse; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer... ■ .
rpERMS $350 DOWN: ~ ~ ~~
X BALANCE $30 PER MONTH.
. . INCLUDING INTEREST.
$2750— residence known as 1217 Noe
■:., bet. 25 tli and 26ih: contains every modern im-
provement; 1 block from ostro-st. cable and . lVa
blocks from 24th- st. elf ctrlc road. - TOBIN _ Me?
NaLi-Y. 630 .Market st. . '
<Bil Or TV N_WHOUSKOF|4 ROOMS. BATH:
O-JL U' 'U. 2 lots: chicken-house; chickens; 3
minutes from depot and horsecars. Address 1*
BLAGROVE, Golden Gate, Berkeley.
city real estate. ,
•farrell A co, ~~~ ""? v '"
REAL estate AGENTS. HOUSE brok-
ERS AND AUCTIONEERS,
11 MONTGOMERY STREET.
flifi^OO FOUR NEARLY NEW FLATS ON
<ir\)U\J\J. Flllmore st. through to small street;
two fronts; rents $80; a fine investment.
Cr/IOKA BRODERICK-ST. FLATS; 6 AND
iD^rAUyj. 4 rooms and bath: rents $35 per
month; always occupied.
ffijl o^o ALABAMA ST., NEAR 25TH:
VpJLxJOXJ. level lot ready for building; short
walk from cable cars.
©KKAfi MAKE AN OFFER: BRODERICK
«2)_'iJUl/.st.,near Hayes: two flats of 6 and 4
rooms and bath; lot 25x112:6; street accepted.
CMKAA A BARGAIN; CORNER IN PARK
«]p_t)UU. panhandle; 31:5x100; this is the
cheapest lot In the Western Addition; an ideal site
for an elegant residence.
ft 7000 THREE FLATS A SHORT DIS-
«£! I V/Ul/. tance from Golden Gate Park, new;
rented for $65 60 per mouth; fine view and sunny.
Oil 1 000 SCOTT ST.. NEAR HEIGHT:
i®X±.\J\J\J. 3 flats of 6, 6 and 5 rooms and
bath: street accepted; rents for $77 60 per month:
always rented.
GJOOXA COTTAGE ON SECOND AV_.,
»_)O_i_»l7. near California; 5 rooms and bath ;
cheap at if 4000.
QftOKA WASHINGTON ST.. NEAR
*!T\}^j%}\J . Scott; 7 rooms and bath; 27:6 feet
front.
ft °»OOO NATOMA ST., NEAR 7TH; 2-
<iP_»VVV/. story house of 7 rooms; lot 25x75.
<RIOOO RIDLEY ST.. NEAR 14TH; A
<Ip_UUU. short walk from Market st.; cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; a big bargain.
O'FAKRELL _ CO., 11 Montgomery st
* ACTION SALE
- V
OF REAL ESTATE.
13 O'CLOCK NOON, AT THE SALESROOM OF
O'FARRELL A CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY ST., LICK HOUSE BLOCK,
THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
CHOICE INSIDE CORNER.
Sold to close out undivided interests of absentees.
LARKIN' ST., SW. cor. of Sacramento; 10:
67:8V3 100 feet: improvements nominal: should
be improved with fine flats, which would always
be occupied and yield a Inrae income: both streets
acc>ptrd by the city: cab e-enrs pass the property:
California and -Hyde st. cables 1 block distant;
note the size— 67:hi,3x1 C0 feet; terms $5000 cash,
balance in 2, 4 or 6 years; Interest 6 per cent.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Sold on account of owner's departure from the city.
"WEBSTER ST., S. side, 137:6 feet N. of Broad-
way: 2010 Webster st; nearly new residence of 8
rooms and bath; fine marine view; Pacific aye.
cable and Flllmore-gt. electric car.* 1 block away;
house newly renovi ted and In superior condition:
brick foundation; surroundings the best In the
city; lot 24x137:6; terms at sale.
DEVISADERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
DEVISADERO ST.. E. side, 82:6 feet south of
Waller: choice neighborhood; a short walk fro ni
llaight-st. cars; magnificent view; street paved
with bituminous rock and accepted by the city;
sewered and curbed; size 25x116:3. Terms— Cash
We can negotiate a load if desired.
ELEGANT AND SUNNY BUILDING LOT IN
THE MISSION WARM BELT.
SIIOTWELL ST.. W. side, 110 N. of 23d; ele-
gant and sunny building lot: surrounded by fine
homes: street paved and accepted by the cl:y : ca-
ble and electric cars a short walk: half block from
the Folsnm-st. boulevard; 6tone sidewalk; size
25x122:6; terms, cash; loan can be negotiated.
VALENCIA-BT. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Sold to close out undivided interests.
VALENCIA ST., W. side, 92 S. of 16th; 510
and 512 Valencia St.: store and 4 rooms below and
fine flat of 9 rooms and bath above; rents $50:
street paved and accepted by the city; in the best
business block on Valencia St.; lot 80x88: terms,
cash; we can negotiate a loan If sired.
ASHBURY BTREET RESIDENCE.
ASHBURY STREET, W. side, 100 feet south
of Oak. No. 409, 2-story, 8-room. bath, basement
and attic. Built by owner by days' work for his
home; only a lew steps from Golden Gate Park:
street graded, sewered and macadamized; lot
25x106:3; terms cash. We can negotiate a loan.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
TBHAMA STREET, N. side, 100 feet west-
erly from Fourth, No. 310 Tehama atreeet. Three
story house of 11 rooms and baih; rent $35 per
month; street paved and accented by the city;
only short walk from Market street; stone side-
walk; trick foundation; lot 25x75; terms at sale;
subject to confirmation by the Superior Court
MISSION FLATS.'
TWENTY -THIRD ST., N. side, 40:6 E. of San-
chez: Nor 3SBB and 3888 Twenty-third st. ; 2 new
flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath; just completed;
one block from 1 wen'.y-fourth-st. branch of Ji Is-
slon-st. electric road: rents $47 60; lot 25.\9J:
terms; $_UOO .mortgage can remain.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE— LARGE MISSION
BUSINESS CORNER.
TWENTY-FOURTH ST.. SE. corner of Bryant
aye.— Fine business corner; 2 stores and 2 dwell-
ings of 7 rooms and bath each on 24th St.; one 2-
sUry house of 7 rooms and bath, and 2 cottages of
4 rooms each on Bryant aye.: rented low for
$102 per month: 24th sc. paved ai.d accepted by
city; lot 100 on 24th st. by 130 on Bryant aye. ;
erms cash; subject to confirmation of the Superior
Court.
SOLD FOR ABSENTEE— RESIDENCE NEAR
17Tn AND MARKET ST&
EIGHTEENTH ST., 8. side, 150 E of Castro:
927 18th st; 2-story house, $ rooms and bath, in
good condition; street accepted: only a few steps
from C'as;ro-st. cable and Market and 17th Ms.:
ISth-st. electric-cars pass the property; only 15
minutes from downtown; stone sidewalk; brick
lounda:ion: lot 25x99:8; terms— Si COO, mortgage
In German bank, interest 7 per cent.
CHOICK MISSION BUILDING LOT.
ELIZABETH ST., N. side, 175 feet W. of Doug-
lass: level buiidi g iot; half a block from 24th-st.
branch of Mlssinn-st. electric-cars: street graded,
sewered and macadamized; lot 25x114; terms at
sale. . .'-'J_9B
SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
NATOMA ST., E. side, 105 feet N. of 15th. Nos.
1335 and !33.VUj Natoma st.: 2 flats of 4 rooms
each; ron s $22: street graded, sewered and mac-
adamizai; lot 25x75; terms.
For further particulars apply to
O'FARRELL & CO.. Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
<s>r>.OXA 16TH ST.. NEAR MARKET— LOT
*IpOtJO\J. 60x103:6; partly Improved; rent $15:
will subdivide: fine locution; investigate at once.
11. E. POEHLM AN, 415 Montgomery st
SOL GETZ A BRO., ~
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS,
-' for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come 11 rid see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
CJ7X To $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
•_) 1 •-» bonlevarJ; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
QBTZ it BRO.
CjOAA $400, $450, $500 TO $1100 —
«_)OUU. Choicest lots in Richmond; near Si-.tro
c'.ectric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL GETZ _
BRO. '
<D»"I A A TO $250— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
«3PJ-UVJ Mlssion-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down. $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
MONEY
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT* NOTICE BY THE
■ CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
L. R. ELLERT, Vice- President
XCHA>'GE-75xlOO; ELEGANT 9 -ROOM
house; free use of large grounds; water works
and stable; splendid view; value $6000; mort-
gage $2000. RHADBURNE, owner, Hoffman
aye. and 25th st., San Francisco. ' •• .
1/fP.A RARE CHANCE FOR A HOMK;
tip 1 TrtJU.' new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
50x50, Holly Park: small payments same as rent
CADE A- SO A CO., 612 Montgomery st.
QOOAA bo-toot FRONT IN western
tjpAOVJV. Addition: Improved; rents $24 per
month. ASHTON. A GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery st. ' i
<J»1 QAA COTTAGE: 3 ROOMS: LOT 60x133:
»TpXOUU. in Berkeley, near station; payments
•Mr, " ■ •■ ■ •
Cottage; 8 rooms; lot 76x126.
Handsome corner: 100x100; $16
monthly. :
$200— Let 25x135; $10 down: $5 monthly.
AS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st
(J_Qfk PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD;
tj?«-.VJ by 2 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. it. a. shore line will cross tract, make It busi-
ness property: 16 minutes distant: Home day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHKELER, 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
ODKRN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500;
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEV, 1149 Mission
fig! PER WEEK: FRUITVALE TERMINAL
«Ipl tract; lots $100. McCARTuY CO., 646 Mkt.
COUNTRY. REAL ESTATE.
OF A KKELL „ X' 6.,
DAVID BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
9~ 50, 75 OR 100 ACRES JUST OUTSIDE
•jo town limits of Livermore, Alameda County;
all out in apricots, prunes and almonds; Just com-
ing Into bearing; will exchange for improved or
unimproved city property.
(JjO )AA HUt 167 ACRES NEAR SOLEDAD,
>"i)UwU Monterey County; 1 road and county
road through the ranch; all good grain or orchard
land; good improvements; will exchange; no
mortgage.
»Jfci;AAA FOR 320 ACRES 15 MILES FROM
(ip\j\J\J\J hedding, Shasta County: near county
road: about half in cultivation In orchard, vegeta-
ble.*, alfalfa, grain nrd splendid meadow land:
plenty wood and water; balance low rolling foot-
hills with oak and pine timber: pay to clear; will
exchange.
£{1 900, FOR lf?0 ACRES ON COUNTY
<iy -L dL\J\J . road from Almaden toGilroy.on the
Uvas Creek, Santa Clara County; good orchard or
vineyard land If cleared. ■
Qjn PER ACRE FOR 240 ACRES 1% MILES
(jp^u from Lockfora railroad station and 15
miles from Stock on: all level: rich soil and all in
grain; good Improvements; will exchange for city
property.
W e ha^e some fine income-producing vineyard
and orchard properties that are untouched by frosi
that we can xchange for San Francisco improved
or unimproved property.
©P;KAA~C HAN OF A LIFETIME TO
<ZjUU\J\J. secure a model home at just half its
real value: must bo sold at once on account of
owner leaving the State: 65 acres fine land near
good town; In easy driving distance from Oakland:
15 acres fine bearing orchard; cherries, apricots,
prunes, apples, e:c. ; 10 acres bearing vineyard,
balance iv grain; heavy crop; modern cottage-
bouse of 7 hard-finished rooms; good barn and
other buildings: water pipea from living springs:
also a running stream through the place; beautiful
lawn and (lowers: also vegetable garden; first come
first served; and If you don't apply early you'll
miss It. GAMAN <fc LYON, 215 Kearny st.
QQPIAA REDUCED FROM $12,000 TO
<PCJ«JVU. make quick sale: 30 acres early fruit
in bearing, on;.- mile from Vacavllle; has rented
for several years and is now rented for $1500
cash; this year's rental goes to buyer or will re-
serve rent and sell for $7000; what "better invest-
ment than this can you find? GAMAN A LYON,
215 Kearny.
OK Am NICE LITTLE HOME OF 10
WUU\jyi» a res creek bottom land near good
town and railroad and only 12 miles over ■ ood road
from Oakland ; fronts county road ; nice Improve-
ments; 3 or 4 acres hearing orchard, ba'anco grain-
bargain. GAMAN _ LYON, 215 Kearny St.
QlftPvfl 60 ACRES FINE LAND FRONT-
«iD-lO_H». lug road; all under cultivation;
fenced; no other improvements: easy driving dis-
tance from Oakland and near town; could be sub-
divided in 10-acre lots and sold readily at good
profit; see this. GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny.
Ot OX A A 160 ACRES l MILE FROM TOWN
ifr*JO\J\J. and only 80 miles from Oakland:
fenced; good new house and barn; living springs;
water piped to buildings, bearing trees and vines
for family use; 80 acres comparatively level and
fine fruit land, balance timber and pasture; pos-
sessory title to 160 acres joining included; posses-
sion November 1, 1896, or $4000 and immediate
possession, including heavy grain crop on the 60
acres. OAMAN & LYON. 215 Kearny st.
C?ry7oO 16 ° ACRES FINE LEVEL LAND
tipwluU. near Vacaville, Solano County;
fenced Into 7 fields; 10 acres bearing orchard ; 90
acres grain: heavy crop; common house; large
barn: other buildings; some personal property In-
cluded; will leave $3000 for • or 6 years at 4i/ a
per cent if desired; this Is » great bargain and the
terms unusually easy. GAMAN _ LYON, 215
Kearny st.
42:9900 30 ACRES FINE FRUIT LAND,
t^^i^\J\J. 2% miles from Napa.
$2800— Improved fruit ranch near Martinez of
30 acres.
4>1000— 20 acres near Santa Rosa; 6-room house
and barn; fruit and vines. ■
CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st
P. QUINN- REAL ESTATE.
. WATSON LANDS.
$1000— 56 acres; 3 acres orchard ; some bornes;
plenty of wood and water and good improvements.
$1300—24 acres; 8 in fruit; house 4 rooms,
outhouses, etc.; some berries and a bargain.
3800— 131,2 acres: 4 In fruit; good Improve-
ments.
For rent, $30 per month— 3 acres In fruit, with
furnlshea cottage; 10 minutes' wain from beach at
Capitols.
Sonoma County— sl4oo— l6o acres; good Im-
provements; flue chicken or fruit ranch ; 6 miles
out.
$1800—70 acres; some orchard; 6 acres hay;
good improvements and 5 mile out.
Haywards— slBoo— ls acres; 6 In bearing fruit;
2 miles out and a bargain.
Also i small places to rent at Hay wards.
Send for catalogue. R. P. INN,
53 Chronicle bldg, 8. F.
1 ftO ACRES; ALL GOOD LAND; IN COLUSA
L\)\J County: near railroad; common house and
barn: good water: some valley and some rolling
land: choice location; sell or exchange; price $20
per acre.
flitqOXA A NICE LITTLE PLACE OF 10
iiDi»UuU. acres; all set out to fruit in full bear-
in?; on line of railroad from San Francisco to San
Jose: nous* of 4 rooms and bath; barn and tank-
house; cnicken-bouses to accommodate 2000
chickens; $850 cash, balance on long time. '
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Boom 29, second floor, Mills building, 8. F.
•C 1 160-ACRE RANCH LN FALL
<$IO\J\J. River Valley: all fenced and plow-
able: house, barn and granary.
Slooo— 160-acre ranch: 2% miles from Fall
River mills; good house and barn; all fenced.
$-2000— -_OO-acre ranch: 2 miles from Fall River
Mills; 80 acres fenced; 2 houses and barn; all
good farming land. CHAS. COLTON, 906 Mar-
ket st.
RANCH OF ;^B7 ACRES; MODERN HOUSE
of 8 rooms, barns and otner buildings; 15 acres
in Bartlett pears bearing; no injury from frost;
rest In grain and potatoes; 24 miles from San
Francisco: Va mile from depot: will sell 23-1 acres;
plenty water: 4 horses and tools; 100 chickens.
Apply KAi-TON, -LDRIDGE & CO.
TTIOR SALE-COZY HOME; 6 ROOMS; 4 LOTS
-L' (half acre); fine place for poultry or flowers:
$1800; half cash. W. LAMBERT, Mlllbrae, San
Mateo County. ' ' ■
GREAT BARGAIN— I6O ACRES CORN AND
VJ fruit land; timber and a never-failing stream-
40 miles out- only $8 per acre, cash. Address
Ranch, box 93, Call Office. ■
BARGAIN FOR 1 WEEK— ONE OF THE
best CO acre vineyard in santa Clara Valley;
near Los at os. Address V., box 6, Call Office.
G OOD-PAYING INSTALLMENT HOUSE FOR
i sale, a dilr-ss 801 Kast Main st., Stockton, Cal.
0' RANGE LANDS. '■ ~~ '
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRK.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM CO Y.
OAKPAI.K, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the name time a (rood investment: It will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance In five annual
payments; no Interest; the trees danced on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony -rho will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably. '
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco,
OrF. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF COUNTRY
" lands, improved and unimproved, fruit and
chicken ranches, on easy terms; town lots;
ranches to exchange for Oakland and Alameda
property. Send your propositions to SHAND _
m.XT. Novato, M«rin County; San Francisco
office, room 3, second floor, Mills building.
LOR SALt; AT A SACKIFICK; BEAUTIFUL
■I. home; a productive farm of 72 acres: fine resi-
dence orchard and vineyard of 18 acres; large
barn, windmills, etc.: situated in Y^naclo Valley,
Contra Costa County, near railroad station; must
be sold: will subdivide if necessary. WALTER
J. BARTNKTT, 328 .Montgomery st.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
> send for list. IX J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
MAPIN COUNTY— SOOO 'ACRES 26~MILES
from San Francisco. .:■••■:
* Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no irrigation; both rail and water J
transportation; t -10 to $75 per acre; terms made i
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
d>Q AN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUBE,
«3>O fences, fertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood; crops never fail; good for stock, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.: terms easy; no snow; no
chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
tonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
1 00 ACRES OR ANY PORTION: a HOURS'
±\J\J drive from city: suitable for raising vege-
tables, chickens or flowrrs; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet: price $100 per acre. ASUTON A
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
8 ACRES GARDEN LAND IN ROSS VALLEY,
orchard and running stream ■ old Improvements-
g:i''UO. Addresa J. TUNSTKAD, San Rafael.
l-t.MJJUKUIiK LIST O*' ORCHARD HOMK S
O for tale. WOOSTKR & WHITTON. s-an Joss.
LITTLK HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St. S. F.
A WEEK'S FOR 5 CENTS -THu
xv Ay __KLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
LEGAL NOTICES. ~~ ~
"TVEPARTMJENT NO. 9, PBXJB^AtTe^IN^THE
XJ Superior Court in and for the City and County
Of San Francisco, State of California.
In the matter of the estate _ J_AN LACOSTE.
deceased. No. 17,289. •
_ Notice Is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 18th
day of May. A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. _. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, state of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving,
the will of said JEAN LACOSTE, deceased, and
for hearing the application of JEAN PIERRE
THF.t ■phile LACOSTE, for the Issuance to him
of letters testamentary thereon. -
Datea April 30. A. D . 1898.
rsKAi.] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
• By V. F. Northrop, Deputy Clerk.
P. ALESCANDRK BKROEROT, attorney for
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker building, San
i raueisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
------ OA^£Aynp^KAL ESTATE.
$2200 THE BEST BUY IN THE MAR-
| <p^,^,UU. et to-day; line cottsge home; large
lot; electric-cars pass the door: all moiern Im-
provements: well located on macadamized street;
2.. 1 ,,. 0 . utt>llllll| lot 55x100; place well worth
JMJI.O: owner must leave town; quick sale must
%?■ i^. ad^- t ?2S a .-?*!L be oT*n«ed to suit. F. C.
>V ATbON, 493 Ninth St.. Oakland.
£3 ACRES AT LAFAYETTK, CONTRA COSTA
U4 County, 12 miles from Oakland; fine bnild-
ings: chicken ranch; $3000: only $500 cash, bal-
ance 315 per month. C. K. KINO,, 902 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. ■■■> ■-■• : * .
AST OAKLAND noUSK, 8 ROOMS AND
bath; IVi acres of ground: only $3500; will
trade for Oakland place. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
! way, Oaklani.
CHICKEN RANCH; THIS IS A
«JOUUU. bargain; improvements cost $4000;
the best Improved chicken ranch in Contra Costa
County: only 2 hours' drive from Oakland. For
particular^ apply to owner. V. P. MITUHELS,
painter, Fourteenth and Webster sts. Oakland.
©1 Q'A EASY TERMS; NEW 6-KOOM"
*J)A.iJO\J, house; block and half fiom cars: cor-
ner lot: an Ideal home; see it at once. WM P
TODD, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
GIOOD COTTAGE: ft ROOMS. BATH, ETC.;
I" large lot; lar.e fruit trees; In heart of Fruit-
vale: only 81250: terms to suit. LODGE &
I'OWKLL, Fruitvale station. -
<SiAZ>(\ *" OR BEAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
«pluU. Park, which faces San Pablo aye.. Mar-
ket and Twonty-flftn St., in the center of Oakland:
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. Breed A Co., 460
Ninth st, Oakland, or DAVIDSON A LEIGH, 137
Montgomery st., Sau Francisco. -
LOOK $IWII LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
no Interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 002 Broadway. Oakland.
1^97^0 BEST BARGAIN IN OAKLAND;
tjp._ I U\J. a 10-room house: bath: stable and
lot £0x132. ALLEN _ KRONENBERG, 902
Broadway, Oakland. •
C&7AA COT AGE AND LOT 50x100: WELL
t_> < O\J. located. ALDEN _ KRONENBEBO,
002 Broadway, Oakland.
flgl WHAT IT WILL DO. "
«3DX. We are offering a few lots at half their
value In order to close out partnership affairs In
several tracts on terms ot $1 cash, balance sl
weekly; this is beyond any question the greatest
offer ever made in Oakland for desirable residence
property: electric cars, street graded, city water
and surrounded by handsome Improvements; call
at once and Investigate for yourself; 20 lots sold,
last week. LAYMANCK, 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
A TTENTION BUILDERS — PARTIES Dl£
-f*. siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alterations or repairs;. plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
H- meuis equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tioh; 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Kruitvale sta-
tion. ■
' pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. ■ • . .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
TENANT WANTED— FURNISHED SUNNY
-I flat, 6 rooms, piano, bath, for summer months.
3 blocks to Broadway. $22 50; or 5 rooms fur-
nlahed, $20. E. M. S., Oakland Office Call.
SUBURBAN 4-ROOM MODERN COTTAGE;
completely furnished; large sunny yard; choice
flowers: half block from cars: most delightful
house. Address 165 Newton aye., East Oakland.
PIRUITVALE STATION-C OZILY FUR-
nlahed cottage to rent for four months; easy
terms to responsible party: convenient to city.
W. J. ROBERTSON. Frultvale. *
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ■
A good, OLD-FASHIONED NEW ENGLAND
farm: 390 acres richest river bottom land; all
under cultivation; 300 acres in wheat; 14-crop goes
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; milk-
house; barns; chicken-house; windmill; family
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
stock, tools, wagons go with place; price $40 per
acre and worth to-day $75: best value In State.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal.
ARGAIN!— PAYMENTS: COTTAGE
of 6 rooms and bath; nice garden; lot 60x1 0:
c ose to narrow-gauge and electric caw. Apply
Alameaa, box 63, Cull Office.
T^OR SALE— '■ ~ *
X 1X 1 House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.; house 4
rooms, Grand st. cottage 6 rooms. ■ Everett st. :
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
KAS'iON, KLDRIDQE _ CO., '
638 Market st,
San Francisco, Cal.
OOK-$360 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st, Alameda. on installments: fine
location. H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ft 9000 4-ROOM COTTAGE, $50 CASH"
«S>._UUU. $20 per month.
$2300-6-room cottage, $300 cash, $26 month.
£2750— 5-room cottage, $260 cash, $25 month.
$3000— 6-room house, $200 cash, $25 month.
54000— 7-room house, $600 cash, $25 month.
All modern houses, on improved streets and
convenient to trains. Have also a few magnificent
home* at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD Company, 1364" Park st.
Alameda. ■.'. ••
■VTEW COTTAGE: 6 LARGE ROOMS: ALL
-Li improvements and street work: $260: $30
per month. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st., Ala-
meda.
"POR SALE. ~~ \ '
A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
Two-story house; modern In every respect; 9
rooms and bath; between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best In Alameda; for sale
at bargain; terms easy; also new cottages on In-
stallments in desirable locations
W. H. HOOPER, real estate, 1329 Park at.
CM 7^A MODERN COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS
tn>._ I O\J. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— NE. cor. : new; 6 rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc: $260 cash. $30 a month. No. 733.
83100— $100 cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 608.
$5000— Klegant new house; 8 rooms: must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— Snap: $160 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 0 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 762.
$3500— New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath*
$260 cosh. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORKAL _ CO., 1432 Park st, Alameda.
"VIEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
_> rooms, Just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa.-lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els In doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room; plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure it you wish to buy it will suit you. GKORUK
_. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St.. Oakland. "
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
At easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$160 cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
sun. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder. 1503 Seventh St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
'~aTTa^_da^t^^kn t"^fiTo m jun e" a" or
-1l 12 to August 1, 10-room furnished house. Ad-
dress A., box 78. Call.
O RENT— NKW COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern Improvements: lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth at., bet. Mastlck and
Enclnal station, Alameda.
T7URNISHEIT6-ROOM MODERN COTTAGE
-T to let; fine place; close to electric-cars and rail-
road station: rent low to responsible party. ■ 1437
McPherson or Ninth St., near Mastlck station.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
T> U I LT FOR COMFORT AND CONVENIENCE;
-D large 5-room cottage: cement basement: big
lawn: windmill; electric and steam cars one block.
Inquire of E. B. eHANNELL, owner, for 1 week,
on premises, one block west of Ashby station,
Berkeley. - ,
AT ICE COTTAGE-LOT 100x130, WITH 100
— i chickens; reasonable; easy terms. 210Va
Eleventh St., S. F.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALB
on easy terms. O. G. MAY.dfc CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
TTmT~HENa\^^"nT^E^kTTLI^'^A'^MODER!!
-T house of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; large
yard, stable and chicken-house; cheap to responsi-
ble and permanent tenant; 3 blocks from station;
convenient to University, Address Berk, box 10,
Call Office.
1/M>R RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
X 1X 1 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage- house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dwlght-way station. _^
PROPOSALS. ™
pROPOSAJ_T~Foit RAISING AND EN-
X 1 arcing a school building, for heating and
ventilating a school building, for building a
concrete bulkhead and for constructing water
closets.— Sealed proposals will be received by the
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 13, 1898,
at 8:30 o'clock p. _ lor raising and enlarging the
Bern— Heights Primary School building:, for heat-
ing and ventilating saia building; for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School, and constructing water
closets at the Colurnb a Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, in accordance with plans and
specifications (and conditions named therein) at
theofticeof CHaRLE.sI. HAVENS, architect of
the board, room 65, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
Quire. GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
1314
HOUSES TO LET.
oTrTr^^ssio^pn^OMsTßATH, 934: 701
Z4U() Shot well, cor. Twenty-first, 10 < rooms,
bath, $30; 28 Hill, 7 rooms, bath, 930: 1139 Valen-
cia, 8 rooms, bath, 920: 929% >atoma, 6 rooms,
916- 105 Diamond, cottage. 5 rooms, bath, 910.
W. H. CKIM & CO., 118 Montgomery at.
1 1 07 GUEBBEBO— COMFORTABLE
XI O I dwelling of 6 rooms, bath, front and rear
garden, etc, $17; cor. Kearny aid Chestnut, unin-
terrupted marine view, large grounds, 8 rooms, 1
reiit|l«. W. H. CKIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery. 1
1 A" OAK ST., 1 BLOCK FROM MARKKT; 8 ]
XUO rooms and bath: rent only $30; see this at
once. MADISON A BURKK, 626 Market. _"
>,qq 1734 KLLIS ST.. NEAR WEBSTKR; 6
»**■_ O. rooms and bath; large dry basement also.
ASIITOS & GARDNER, 411 Montgomery su
>i OLDEN GATK AYE.— HOUSE. 7 ROOMS
\JT and bath: in good order: rent only 921 55;
water free; 4 GoMes place, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
ARK CHANCE — MODERN HOUSE OF 7 |
rooms and bath: newly painted and papered:
e-vervthlnc first-class: fine location; 1909 Kddy, I
near'Dcvisadero; rent 930. Apply P. C. MOLLOY,
138 Montgomery st.
T" O LI-.T— MODERN 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW
residence of 10 rooms, bath and outbuildings;
1518 Broderlck St., near Sutler: low rent; call at
premises. G. L. BRESSE & CO., Real Estate
Agents, 412 Pine st,
H"~OUKK""T~ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
ments. 1216 Treat aye., opp. Garfield square.
/•-I Q FELL ST.— BOOMS; ALL MODERN
010 improvements.
1 7/V7 JUNES. NEAR BROADWAY: HOUSE
X i U I of 4 eunny rooms: rent 914.
PPRKCIATEI) IF SF.EN-829y a SUITER,
-V near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
PPRECIATKDIFSEEN— 3O MORRIS AVK .
-.t. off Harrison st.. near sixth: sunny house of 6
rooms: good order; 913; water free; yard: cellar.
TaONVENIKNT HOUSE 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
\J St., off Howard, near Seventh.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AT 11 EWING PLACE.
off Lagunast.; rent 912.
LEGANTCOTTAGK; 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
XJ stable. 712 Nineteenth st, -
1- ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
• and rear yams; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
vate park: newly painted, clean and attractive;
930. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye,
OQA NA'IOMA. NR. KLKVKNTH— BOOMS,
O 916: near City Hall.
A 1 Q7 TWENTIETH, NR. DIAMOND— NEW
'i 4 •' ) i house, 7 rooms, bath, laundry; low rent
to good tenant. Apply premises.
lOOK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE COB. PINE AND
1 scott, $S8; 9 room house, 26 Franklin, near
Market, 938; reduced 912 each.
~s*'Ji\ HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN.
\PO\J. 1723 Clay st., near Van Ness aye.
~Q> \ rZ 1731 BROADWAY, NB. GOUGH ST.—
O ~iO. House;B rooms, with every convenience
in hot air furnace and marine view.
\\ RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
»♦ treat people righu BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED MOUSES.
9^9 X van"ness AV&- LOWER PART of
— ()_») bouse: 4 furnished rooms, bath and laun-
dry; hot and cold water; 2 entrances.
ATICELY FURNISHED MODERN HOUSE; 7
-Li rooms: marine view; rent 935. 2414 Polk st.
C»9Q PARLOR, BEDROOM. DINING-ROOM,
*„—«">. sewing-room, bath, kitchen; all neces-
caries. 1917 H-':iry st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
7 1~9~ x^e"teentlh7^^b~^hTjbch^cot^
ii— ta,-e. 5 rooms aud bath; stable.
9 COTTAGES: 3 AND 6 ROOMS; BATH;
— cheap. Apply 2643 Bryant St., nr. Twenty-fifth.
CAOT AGE, 4 ROOMS: BATH: STATIONARY'
.' tubs; basement; yard; rent $11. 1228 Treat
avenue.
(■IOTTAGK, 6 SUNNY ROOMS: LARGE YARD;
V.' rent reasonable. 9 Tehamasu -■ . ■
UNNV COTTAGES; 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
O large basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and 16th.
/ OTTAGE. 6 ROOMS; BATH. 2722 FOLSOM,
V near Twenty-third. ■ . • .-:
97 Af* BUSH— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW COT-
lUU tape: 5 rooms; bath; basement; yard;
9*-5 10 good tenant.
FURNISHED FLATS.
'Q^JN^rY^fA^fD^ol^L^YT ; U^NliH^DT : ro6Tl
0 of 4 rooms, bath, etc; suitable for family or
physician; reasonable. 913 Polk, near Geary.
"VT ICEL P U BNTBH D ; 7 ROOMS; BATH:
-L> in W>?stern Addition. Address R., box 47, Call.
1 £99 GEARY — SMALL SUNNY' FLAT;
I c)— — nicely furnished for housekeeping ; rent
$25.
FINE SUNNY CORNER FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
piano; reasonable. 800 a Webster st.
FLATS TO LET.
H~ouseT^ "c'i "sT" eddy! nr! larkin! 12
rooms, bath 95100
House— Broadway, nr. Scott, 11 r., b..
House— ls:l6 Kills, nr. Fillmore. 8 r., b 30 00
Flat— 94B Geary, cor. Polk, 7 r., b
Cottage— l9oB Baker, nr. Sacramento, 6r.,b. 27 50 !
Flat— lolo Polk. nr. Geary, 6 r., b V 5 00 j
House— 629 Post, ur. Taylor, 8 r., b 35 00 1
Lower— l3o6 Leaven nr C:ay, 6 r., b. 27 50
Upper— l6o7 J!cAl!ister,nr.Devlsadero,7r.,b 45 00
Lower— lll7 Turk, nr. Lacuna. 6 r., b 30 00
Hear flat— 62o Geary, nr. Jones, 6 r., b 20 00
l'p->er— 625 1 /a Hayes, 'ir. Buchanan, 6 r., b. 26 00
Upper— 72l% O'Farrell. nr. Hyde. 6 r., b... 26 00
Upper— 2o44 O'Farreli. nr. Devisadero,7r.,b. 35 00
House— 2o3o Scott, nr. Sacramento, 8 r., b.. 40 00
Flat— lBlo Eddy, nr. scott. b r., b
We have a splendid list of new places. Please
call. O'FARKELL. & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
t> 1 'J9 WASHINGTON— Iower 7 ROOMS.
OiO^ bah. *«2 50: 2518 Mission, upper 6
rooms, bath, $22 bO; 2825 Howard, lower. 5 rooms,
bath, 92 : i; 207 Second, upper 7 rooms, tl8; 824
Fiiber , mi .die v rooms, bath, marine view, $18:
1211 Guerrero, upper 5 rooms, bath, 917; ll /2
McLea court, upper 5 rooms, bath, 916; 526 Fil-
bert, upper a rooms, 916; 116 liorland, upper 5
rooms, £14 ; 1207 -Minna, upper 5 rooms, 914. W.
H. CBUi & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
I7lft SACRAMENTO OT., FEW FEET
1 liv from Van Ness aye— Beautiful middle
fla.. 6 rooms aud bath; newly renovated ; cheap
rent to good tenant. Apply BURNHAM &
Si ARSH CO., 628 Market si., opp. Palace Hotel.
1-1 I JACKSON ST., NEAR LARKIN— ELK-
It/1 1 -ant upper Hat of 6 large, sunny rooms
and bath; best location in city; low rent. Apply
BUK> HAM & MARSH CO., 628 Market sU, opp.
Palace Hotel.
DON'T FAIL TO LOOK AT THOSE MODERN
flats of 6 rooms, bath, etc.; central location; I
no car fare necessary ; Turk st., near Larkin; rent j
only 925 per month. MADISON & BUKKK, 626
Market st.
vj e w FLAT 7 rooms and bath. 652
-i.' Church st., cor. Hancock.
I^LAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH; MODERN IM-
provements. 1520 Post St.
T/'LAT 5 LARGE SUNNY' BOOMS. 1120 HAR-
X rlson St., near Seventh.
(T. I " LOVELY FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH;
•4D-LU. gas. 3928 Nineteenth st., bet. Noe and
Sanchez. • .
TUNE CORNER FLAT 6 BOOMS AND BATH;
XIX I cheap to good tenant. Cor. McAllister and
Broderick sts.
VKW SUNNY FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS, *14
±y and9l6. Twenty-third St., near Harrison.
<2>l A 3 ROOMS; YAUD. 1706% SaN CAR-
«Jp IU, los aye., near Eighteenth and Mission sts.
"VTICE FLAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS. 2815
-L> Clay st., beU Scott and Devisadero.
QA PLEASANT, BET. TAYLOR, JONKS.CLAY
O\J ana Sacramento— 4 rooms; bath; 920.
ulji O THREE LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409
<rXO. Thirteenth St., above Valencia.
<fj»U BASEMENT AND LARGE YARD. 728
«JpU. Harrison st., bet. Third and Fourth. -.
]C|f)7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTJER— LOWKR
X<j\J I flat; 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
A — 9TB; NEW MODKRN~SUNNY FLAT OF 6
■i\- rooms, bath. 133 San Jose aye., near 24th.
BOOM FLAT; EVERY CONVENIENCE.
tr 282 Natoma St., nr. Fourth.
VfKW FLAT, FIVE ROOMS, BATH; CHEAP
XI 926% Florida St.. bet. Twenty-second and
Twenty-nrst.
•I"T|~Q FULTON— MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
XXO rooms and bath; 928.
OuAU SACRAMKNTO— LOWKR BAY-WIN-
Ou\JO do« flat, 5 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water; rent 915. • -
SI N N i I • i'PEB FLAT: 4 ROOMS. 13 HAMP-
O ton place, off Folsom st,, bet. Second and Third. '
ft ROOMS, BATH AND STABLE to LET
U cheap. Cor. Twenty-second and Harrison sis.
I Q SHKRIDAN STT; BET. NINTH AND
1 0 Tenth— Flat of four rooms; rent*lo.
OjO/«l BRYANT AYE., NEAR TWENTY-
— 1 -Ua third— Lower flat of 5 rooms, bath,
washroom and yard; all latest improvements;
rent $17; electric cars pass the door. . .
DENT 918— UPPER SUNN V FLAT; 5 ROOMS
It and bath; hall and stairs carpeted. 1825 c
Howard St.
./ XUKAPKSTFLATIN TOWN: RENT 914; 4
V sunny rooms and bath; all modern improve-
ments. 4628 Eighteenth st. ■.
UNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH: ALL IM-
provements; basement; cheap. 6S6a Nine-
teeuth su ■ •
Cjl Q REDUCKD; UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
♦J)XO. bath; modern : sunny. 1902 McAllister.
"FLAT, 6 ROOMS, 914: ALSO SUNNY COT-
X tage, 4 rooms, $11. 629 Second su
79QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 BOOMS;
I^l/ bath; large yard: light; sunny.
1, LAI ; 6 KOOMS. 11 SOUTH BRODKRICK
J st.: Haight--U cars to Baker su ,
"V" ICE ALL FLAT; 3 ROOMS; BATH. AP-
Xi ply 465 Jersey st. . ...
I'M B KOOMS AND BATH, NEWLY PAPER-
X 1X 1 ed and painted throughout: 011 third floor: at-
tractive house and neighborhood; low rent;
912 50; only quiet family without children.
. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth su !
\?KW SUNNY FLAT. 5 ROOMS AND BATH:
-^' rent cheap. 25a Lloyd st., bet. Scott and
Devlsaaero, Waller and Ridley.
• -.--.■■..■.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
A FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
<PXtt. Sanchez st., cor. Eighteenth.
1 ftl ft EDDY, NR JSCOTT-6 SUNNY BOOMS
IOIU and bath; up-to-date upper flat.
<Sj> I 1 FLAT, 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS. 615
t^>X X. Thirteenth st., bet. Market and Guerrero.
SUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH: ALL
0 modern improvements; reasonable. 2928
Washington st. ■
A AND 0 ROOMS; BATH; 911. 912. 913;
tt electric lines. 4685 Eighteenth st. *
SUNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS: BATH;
garden; 913 and 916. 1706 Post.
8 HOWARD COURT, NR. FOURTH— UPPER
floor 6 sunny rooms, 914: lower 4 rooms, 913.
OWEK FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
side of street; rent 99 a month. 416 Rlngold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and folsom.
79f»l MCALLISTER — FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
I iiUa modern improvements: rent reduced.
WANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
" flats; special terms; 910 up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. 1
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
»T treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. :•■■' .
LEO ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST.. BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 98 10 916.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
*~~" Busii Streeu'^ """"
1 A~\ Q BUSH— ALCOVE; PLEASANT
iilu house: private family; reasonable: refnes.
Clay Street.
TN A PRIVATE HOME; « OR 9 ROOMS PART-
X ly furnished or unfurnished for housekeeping at
reasonable terms; separate entrance. Inquire at
1621) Clay St., 1 to 3 P. M.
Clayton Street.
A"] 9 CLAYTON, NR. PARK— 2 HOUSEKEEP
TbXZi ing-rooms; use of bath; laundry.
Devlßadero Street.
1 Qfkft DEVISADERO— PARLOR FLOOR OF
X£AJO 5 rooms; furnished for housekeeping.
Eighth Street.
1 ()O EIGHTH— 2 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
XV'O keeping rooms; stationary tubs; range;
complete.
Ellis street.
QQA FURNISHED PARLOR FLOOR,
001/ with convenience for light housekeeping:
936; also 2 unfurnished rooms.
EAQ KLLIS— SUNNY FRONT ROOM FUR-
c/V/O nlshed complete tor housekeeping; large
yard: 910.
COO ELLIB-FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
00 £ rooms, with bath.
/^QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN-SUNNY' *UR-
\JOV nisbed front room with kitchen.
"7(\L' ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED BOOMS,
I \J\) complete for nousekeeplng. v
Folkoiu Street.
1 fIJOA FOLSOM— 2 SUNNY BOOMS, FUR-
XUtcO nished for housekeeping; 910.
IHI Ql FOLSOM— SINGLE FRONT BOOM;
JLUXO3 rent 94.
1 1 ftQ FOLSOM-2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
X X\JO furnished complete for housekeeping;
rent cheap.
Fourth Street.
99= FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS, BUI
£i£tO able for light housekeeping; also single.
1.i,-itry St ccc.
91 71 GEARY - LARGE FURNISHED
— 1 I % housekeeping room; rent 97; key at 217.
. liolden dale Avenue.
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
000 nished housekeeping rooms: bath.
Orove Street.
79X GROVE— TWO" OR THREE SUNNY
1 *-tJ furnished housekeeping rooms; separate
bath: laundry.
Guerrero Street.
1 1 AQ GUERRERO, NR. TWENTY-FOURTH
X Xtrt/ —Sunny suite of rooms and kitchen for
housekeeping; 915.
Hickory Avenue
"I (\n HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN— 3
J. "/U sunny furnished rmsfor housekeeping; 915.
Howard Street.
rnt HOWARD-NICE FRONT ROOM FUR-
•J— O Dished complete for housekeeping; reason-
able. .
QQC 1 HOWARD — HOUSEKEEPING AND
OOO'i single rooms: rent reasonable. -■=. -
QA C HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
O'lO furnished for light housekeeping.
1 fll ft HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHKD
1 Ul O rooms, suites or single, for housekeeping;
rent reasonable.
Jessie Street.
QQQ JESSIE— I LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
00 room, cheap.
Rearny Street.
9QA KEARNY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
— «O" ' gas or coal stove; also other rooms.
Larkin Street.
n-[ Q LABKIN-NEATLY FURNISHED SUN-
OXO ny room; kitchen: complete for housekpng.
' Leavenworth street.
p;i -1 LEAVENWORTH — 2 COMPLETELY
OlOz furnished housekeeping rooms; no chil-
dren; 1 tO 4 P. M.
Lewis Street.
IQI LEWIS, OFF POST— A SUITE FOR ONE
XO'-j or two young ladies; very reasonable; home
comforts; board If desired.
Mason Street.
MA SON— 2 ROOMS. FURNISHED OR UN-
furnished; housekeeping.
Minna Street.
QQ-1 MINNA, COR. FOURTH— 2 FURNISHED
—OX housekeepg. rooms, very cheap; also single.
Q I I* M I N N A— CHEAP HOUSEKEEPING
DID rooms ■ -. • f
OC*f* MINNA-NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
ODD keeping rooms.
Mission Street..
/»Q9 MISSION — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
UO— and others cheap.
Q I 7 MISSION— NICK SUNNY FURNISHED
OX I rooms: bath; all conveniences.
Q9QI MISSION-^COMPLKTELY FURNISH-
OjdOii ed bedroom and kitchen, porch, other
rooms.
1 99 1 MISSION — SUNNY FURNISHED
X— 1 housekeeping, also single rooms.
"I "I 9C MISSION — 3 'ADJOINING HOUSE-
..l.«~ O keeping rooms, furnished or unfurnished:
913.
Natoma Street.
nQ NATOMA— I LARGE SUNNY ROOM FUR-
\iO nishea for housekeeping; range, yard; 94.
OAfL NATOMA— LARG E~SUNNY ROOMS
Oil) furnished complete for housekeeping; cheap
rent.
7,11 NATOMA, COR. NINTH —SUNNY'
I'll front furnished rooms for light (housekeep-
ing; also single.
Oak Street. ~~
97 OAK-THREE OR FOUR SUNNY HOUSE-
— 1 Kerping rooms: reasonatlc rent.
(]J«r NICK KOOMS FOR RKSPECTABLC
tJp«J. working-women; private day home for chil-
dren. 48 Oak st.
Octavla Street.
1 AftQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— SUNNY
IluO furnished baywindow room with kitchen.
O'Jrarj-ell street.
Q9Q O'FARRELL— FURNISHED PARLOR,
O—'J floor; honsekeep'g; reasonable: call 9 to 12.
Page Street.
IQI ft l PAGE— 3 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
XOXUa keeping rooms, with bath; 97.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MABKET.2OPP. OCTAVIA-
2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well furnished for
housekeeping: water and sink.
Perry Street.
91 Ql PERRY— 2 LARGE SUNNY FRONT
£iXO% unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 97.
Pine Street.
991 A PINE -3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
ii-^Xtt rooms: housekeeping; range and bath;
rent low.
Polk Street.
QIQPOLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
0 10 sunny parlor bay-window alcove, with
kitchen for housekeeping complete: new carpets
and furniture; gas stove; bath: also tinted single.
19 1 v POLK, NEAR sutter — unfur-
J■— C nlghed double, parlors and klichen. .
Scott Street.
~\Pi\A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED
XUX^t rooms: bath; garden. Call afternoon.
Sixth Street.
m CHEAPEST IS THK ClTY-
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
Seventh Street.
1 AC. SE NTH-SU N N Y FRONT SUITES;
! I tr^j also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
C9Q SEVENTH— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE"
tJ— O keeping rooms; sunny: 96.
South Par K. '
96 SOUTH PARK— FURNISHED BOOMS
wO for housekeeping. <
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued,
tevenson Street.
£»Q7 stevknson— small nice -sunny
Xj£ i ■ room elderly lady preferred ; cheap.
~ ~ . Stockton Street.
1 QOn STOCKTON — 2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY
1 O— U rooms complete for housekeeping; cheap.
T7HQ STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X I UO nlshed complete for hkpg.; cheap rent.
Taylor Street.
17c TAYLOR - 3 LARGE CONNECTING
HO. furnished rooms; terms reasonable.
Tehaina Street.
mTEEAMA - NEATLY FURNISHED
front room for light housekeeping; $6.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH-ELEGANT 2 OR 3 COMPLETE
housekeeping; piano; gas stove; suitable
for physician or four adults. ]
jQ-| TENTH— SUNNY BOOMS, FUR-
IJI nlshed for housekeeping: rent 99.
Thirteenth Street.
OHO THIRTEENTH, BET. VALENCIA AND
O— D Mission— 2 sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping: with large porch, separate: 910.
fur* street.
cm TURK, NR. LARKIN-SUNNY UPPER
O£^k floor; 6 rooms; bath.
Twenty-sixth Street.
II Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
XxO'4 Nicely furnished large sunny housekeep-
ing suite; 9to 12; running water; large closets;
large yard. _^^_____—
Valencia Street
Oft A* VALENCIA-2 OR 3 FURNISHED
— \"zt bay-window rooms; housekeeping If de-
sired; cheap.
Van Ness Avenue.
QOA VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
G— <v/ nished housekeeping rooms; corner house.
71 a VAN NESS AYE.— FRONT PARLOR,
%1 V completely furnished for housekeeping,
925; also single rooms, 98.
1 f»Ol VAN " AYE..COR. GEAKY'-SUN-
I\JZ,X ny apartments with kitchen complete:
best location for dressmaker or professional man;
4 hotels adjoining.
1 4 f\O VAN NESS AYE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
I*±UD nished parlor floor with kitchen; use of
piano.
KOOMS TO LET.
Anthony Street.
I n ANTHONY, OFF MISSION, NEAR SEC-
IU ond— 2 sunny furnished rooms, 75c per week.
l.iiy Street.
-1 91 Q BAY" ST.. ALA. MEDA — PLEASANT
JL_. J-O home for invalid gentleman.
ltrannan street.
4 99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; UBE
4— — of range; 91 per week.
i 'lot Street.
I"IQEDDY — SUNNY CENTRALLY LO-
XIO cated rooms; 95 up; 3 for housekeeping,
cheap. '. •
Q/J£. EDDY— PLEASANT FRONT ROOM;
Over also housekeeping.
fl C EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
OX O private family; gentlemen only. - • •
f*-\ Q EDDY— NICKLY' FURNISHED SINGLE
Uli/ front room: large closet; reasonable.
l->ghth Street.
CHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 su, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
l-.llis Street.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS; MBS. KATE 8.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <& cold water.
ELLIS7~C6~R. LARK IN^-SUNNY FVlt-
\JOiJ nlshed front room, with kitchen.
Fell Street.
COC FELL— FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS;
«'— ' } board ontlonal.
Fifth Street.
"I CO FIFTH— FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS,
XU— < 98 and 910; also single rooms. 96. ■-■-■ = -.<
l'Olsom Street.
eg 4 MONTH; SINGLE SUNNY FURNISHED
tJP"± front room. 735 Foisom st.
Fourteenth Street.
IQK FOURTEENTH. NR. HOWARD— FUB-
100 nlshed room, with use of piano. . ; :■■■ .
Fulton Street.
1 Z\QR FULTON.NEAR THE PARK-NICELY
1 OijyJ furnished sonny front rooms In private
family. ■ >•
Oeury Street.
91 Q OKARY— LARGE, FRONT BOOM, SUIT
—1 • > able for business. Key 217. .*"*-
9Q GEARY", BKT. POWELL AND MASON—
O^O Sunny furnished rooms. " "
QQ9 GEARY — SUNNY BOOM; PRIVATE
OO£ family.
791 GEARY— LARGE HANDSOMELY FUR-
•— X nUhed alcove room; suitable for gentleman.
OH] GEARY— COZY' SINGLE FURNISHED
OUI rooms; central; elegant new corner flat.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, 910
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
(•olUen Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNN Y DOUBLE
— i ') front room; also nice single.
9Q7 GOLDEN GATE AYE. — FURNISHED
*<OI rooms; single or double; reasonable.
Harrison Street.
7KA HARRISON— 96; NICELY FURNISH-
I %j\J ed front room; suitable for 1 or 2; also
single room, 94 50 per month.
Hayes Street.
QAQ HAVES— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW PAR-
D\JO lor and kitchen: unfurnished; use of bath.
7Q7 HAVES— FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS;
I O I reasonable,
Hermann Street.
QC HERMANN ST., NEAR VALENCIA— I
— <) or two rooms; nicely furnished; with or
without kitchen; pas and bath.
iioimnl Street.
Q9QI HOWARD, NR. FIFTH— UN-
(*— O2 furnish* 4 alcove room; bay-window;
prate: large closet; running water: no children;
only 98. ,
Q,IX HOWARD — SUNNY FURNISHED
O~tO back parlor; bath.
1 1 9ft* HOWARD — ELEGANTLY FUK-
X 1 — O nlsbed room, large closet, bath, suitable
for one person, 96 per month; none but quiet, sober
people need apply.
1 O^/i Howard — large sunny bay-
I — •-'1 window room, with grate; also single
room; 95; every convenience.
Jones Street.
nn JONES-NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
I sunny room; private: 912.
9H7 JONES- THK VAN WINKLE; NKW
*-" I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO to Slid.
Keurny stream.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLKAS-
-t\ ant sunny rooms, en suits and single; first class
in every respect; terms reasonable ; ■ ,
Larkln Street.
Q-\ Ql LARKIN— HANDSOME FRONT PAR-
OXt/3 lor with large closet; privilege of light
housekeeping; 910.
1 Hi i7~larkin— sunny FRONT PARLOR,
l" |( l bedroom; other single rooms; running
water.
1717 PARKIN— HALL , ROOM TO BENT
1 I X I Tirith private family; references.
Leavenworth Street.
91 (* LEAVKN WORTH— ELEGANT FKONT
«1U and back parlor for two gentlemen; cheap:
private family.
1 ROE. LEAVENWORTH-2 UNFURNISHED
XU— rooms to let for housekeeping purposes.
Linden Avenue.
9QI LINDEN AYE., Br.T FRANKLIN AND
— >J'l Van Ness— Furnished rooms to let from
94 up. . : "
9Q « LINDEN AYE., NR. GOUGH ST.— 3 NICE
— O't sunny roomi: planked yard; cheap.
.i.urkr-t .him..
V OSEMITE HOUSK. 1045 MARKET— Pfcß
1 night, 350 to 91; week, 91 50 to 95: families.
"I Qft9A MARKET — NICKLY FURNISHED
I'JU- sunny suites; 916 up; also housekeeping.
McAllister Street. ' •/
/JAQ MCALLISTER- FURNISHED SUNNY
*i' "•- front rooms; 95 up.
SI In- ■ • treek.
m MINNA — NEATLY* FURNISHED
rooms; 75c and 91 a week.
AQI MINNA— CHEAP BOOM WITH
'tO X bath. .
AC At MINNA NB. SIXTH-FINE LARGE
jU'±B sunny furnished front room.
aa-7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
VJ\J I ' nlshed bay-window rooms: 91 a week.
7971 MINNA — SUNN Y. FURNISHED
• *- I 3 room; gas and bath; rent cheap.
.i. . xvloii ; no..
09c; MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SON-
O—tJ ny rooms, with or without board.
UKOPK hOU*K, lltoi* MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
1 999 MISSION — ONE OR TWO LARGE
X— i^iu furnished rooms for light housekeeping.
ROOMS • TO LET— Continued. ■
Ninth Street. .
"I AH NINTH ST.— I SHED AND UN-
at: I furnished rooms to leu ■
o'*t»rrell street.
Qj OC ROOM FOR 915, FIRST FLOOR, ELE-
<IP^J»J vator, gas and electric light, 9lo reduction,
by inquiring at toom 2, same floor, 20 o'Farrell st.
O~ 'FARRELL, BET. GOUGH AND LAGUNA—
Newly furnished front and back parlors with
or without board; tew Hat; references. Address O.
F., box 18, Call. ■
Polk Street.
1 IQQ POLK -ST. HELENS BUILDING—
X 100 Furnished and unfurnished sunny front
rooms: rent low.
I owell Street.
9 POWELL ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
roms above Columbia Theater; transients a
specialty.
OOX POWELL, COR. GKARY-2 LARGEBUN-
jj^ij ny, single, front furnished rooms.
iUU< A POWELL-RIGHT IN 1 OWN; LARGE
yJ\J\J front room; suitable for 2 men. '
Mxtli Sirce..
110 SIXTH (THE SARATOGA) — NEWLY
XXO furnished house of 90 rooms: single rooms,
91 50 to 96 per week: suites, 50c to 91 per day.
Stevenson street..
Stockton Street.
A~[ H STOCKTON— CONVENIENT FUR-
"Ill nisbed housekeeping rooms; 912; single
room, 95; sunny. _^
1 '-*1 A STOCKTON— SUNNY' FRONT ROOMS;
XOX tt single ; en suite ; also doctor's office ; cheap.
butter street.
79£ SUTTER— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I*-U private; gentlemen only: reference if re-
quired.
1 11 ft BUTTER — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
x 1 -1 0 gentlemen preferred.
Taylor Street.
I Aft TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED RMS.
XXJQ for ii ent housekeeping; also single.
1 ftQ TAYLOR- SUNNY LAKGK BOOMS;
X\JO closet, water; 92 a week; double parlors,
cheap.
Tenth Street.
mTENTH.NR. MARKET-LARGE SUNNY
front rooms; housekeeping or board.
'1 urk street.
lIP TURK— BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE;
111) newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional.
Twelfth Street.
Ql f\ TWELFTH — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
OiU sunny rooms; gas and oath; private fam-
lly; rent reasonable.
&1J Valencia Street.
1 fi/LQI VALENCIA-SUNNY SUITE; ALSO
■1 \J*±O'Z single rooms; bath; board if desired.
Miscellaneous.
©7 SUNNY FRONT ROOM: GAB AND
*& • • bath; private family. Address \V., box 104,
Call Oflice. -
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
\\fXN?KI)^G"ENT'LEM X N "tO^ROOM^AND
" board; sunny rooms; strictly private; lady
does her own cooking: New England style: refer-
ences exchanged. 1220 McAllister St., bet. Fill-
more and steincr.
OL*-/Z TWENTIETH ST., BET. VALENCIA
O\)—O and Guerrero— Nice alcove room with
board in private family; home comforts; price
reasonable.
Aft i LOTT, 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER—
11/ i ny rooms with board: private family.
y OUNG WIDOW WANTS 2 YOUNG LADIES
X to board; reasonable; central; references. Ad-
dress Y. W.. box 147, Call. ■
7QC GEARY— FINE SUNNY ROOM FOR 2
4 OO gentlemen, or man and wife; board optional.
QOjJ (iEARY-SUNNY SUITE; SUITABLE
duQ for family; excellent board; reasonable.
7OR O'FARRELL— CHANGED HANDS: ELE-
I UO gum rooms en suite or single; first-class
board.
7 1 9 POST— ROOM AND BOARD AND NICE
I I- large room for 2 young men, 920 a month;
board without room, 916; go"d home cooking.
I Aft I VAN NESS AYE.— A SUNNY SUITE;
liUi single rooms, with good board.
VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: UNSUR-
>-' passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
$1 per day; 92, *•_• 60, 93 per week and up; 98 to
930 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; 94 60
week, 916 a month, at Hackmeler's HoteL
TTACKMEIKR'3 HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
II new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room 95 and 96 a week and up.
OTKL BKKTLINO. 714 LUSH— A FAMILY
- hotel: references given and required: all mod-
«m convpnlem-e* •■ '1
CHILDREN BOARDED. .
W""^~"lDOW OWNINaiHEROWNHOMSNEAB
" Ocean View, will take two children to board
and care for; can give them all her time; must be I
over 2 years old. Address MRS. BLACK, box 26, j
Call Office.
\\r. IDOW WOULD LIKE TWO CHILDREN TO
'■ board ; furnished room for parent. 1016 Jack-
son sU
STORES TO LET.
T~~O LIcT^3uAT^TMITH^SHOpi located
2912 Twenty-fourth Ht. Inquire 202 Twenty-
third su, near Florida.
LEG ANT STORE AND BASEMENT ON
l'j Market sU, opp. main entrance City Hall; rent
reasonable. Apply 18 First st., stationery store.
T A RGB SUNNY BASEMENT ROOM SUIT-
XJ able for shop or bicycle storage. 627 Kills st.
TORE AND 8 ROOMS, WEL LIGHTED
and sunny,;rent *15: 1609 a Howard st. Apply
to P.C. M ALLOY', 138 Montgomery st.
"171 INK STORK: 9 ROOMS; BEFITTED; RENT
X; reduced. 616 Sucramento, near Montgomery.
TORK TO LET— COR. SIERRA AND KEN-
' tncky sts.: conn location for any business.
OFFICES TO LET.
pONVKNIENT OFFICES IN NEW BUILD-
\J ing cor. Market, Drumm and California sts.;
elevator, etc: ren:s low. MADISON A BURKE,
626 Market st.
QQQ MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
•'»>•> various sues; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
f IALIFOKNIA safe DEPOSIT building—
\J Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
S~PRKCKELB BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. 912 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
nr <-. 11. UMBSKN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE OF 2 STALLS; WAGON-ROOM;
loft; cheap. 1031 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CALI-
J-» fornia st. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
<le building.
DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. I'll A N EXTK ACTION PAINLKSS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specially. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR- |
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli- |
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
lrtn 95; fillings lrm 91; extracting 60c, with gas 91.
$7 A SKT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
O > good as can be made: filling 91. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DB. LUDLU.M HILL, 1443 MARKKT ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ON EST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICKS.
DR. HARDCASTLK, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
Tj'ULL SET OF TKETH, 97; WARRANTED
X' live years. DX. V. CA VaLSKY. 24 Hixth St.
SET OF TKKTH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
». young. 1841 Polk St. ■ I
I \R. GEORGK W. LEEK. THK.GKNUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
wituout any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLKSS EXTRACTION. 60ci CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, 95 up; 13 vearj"
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.&. 815»4 Geary.
I\R. H. H. SHAW 224 KEARNY' - BKIIAiU-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OUTON DKNTAL ASSOCIATION. »otf MAR-
VJ ket st. . DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WOfiK REASONABLE AND WAK-
ranted. DR. J. W. KKY. 1122 Market st.
'gC^r' CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
2rjsr THE WKKKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United Slates or Canada one year for 91 50.
postase free. ■
STORAGE.
TH. ROONKY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
• red! ced rates: basement storage,9l 60 per load
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THK CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
LOW 1' RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
household goods, etc J. M. :*«erce, 735 MarkeU
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 182 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire- proof building: Eastern plan.
pply for rates FOR STORING furnT
Hire, etc. SHIRKK A SHII'.KK. 747 Market.
PHYSICIANS.
KMOVKD— DR. C. C. O'DONNKLL TO 1203
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market St.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
_ PERSONALS. _
GENTLEMAN OF GOOD HABITS. IN BUSI-
VJ ness* wants to meet respectable lady: object
matrimony. Address O. 8., box 11, Call Office.
TNFORMATION WANTED— THOMAS COGS-
X WELL, formerly of Canton. Mass. Address
MISS ANNIE COGSWELL, Canton, Mass.'
GENTLEMAN. 40, DESIRES TO MEET LADY
V» with some means: object, business and possl-
bly marriage. Address S., box 102, Call.
/GENTLEMAN DESIRES LADY AS PART-
vj ncr to join him in lucrative business: no
tnflera. Address P. O. box 2426 city.
U. r ANTED— A LAW PARTNER BY AN EX-
"ercetic young attorney with extensive ac-
qua)nt:ince. G. W. PHELPS, 130 Ellis street.
"I INCOLN BROS., CASH GROCERS, 226 SIXTH
-»-< St., bet. the 2 markets— 2 doz eggs, 25c; fine
butter, 25c roll; Pet cream. 10c a can; choice milk,
10c a can; new jelly, 10c a can 6 lbs prunes, pears,
apricots, plums or apples, 25c: picnic hams, be 1b:
sugar-cured hams, 8c lb; new cheese, 3 lbs 25c;
cornstarch. 5c lb; 23 candles, 25c. LINCOLN
BROS., 226 Sixth st.
pRIVATK LESSONS IN BOXING AND PHY-
X sical culture for ladles, children and gentlemen,
l will guarantee to make any who are delicate
rugged, shapely and strong: nil lessons strictly
private: lessons given at your home If required:
special attention to lung developing and strength-
t-ning. 808 Leavenworth at. ■
\\T HY WILL MEN BE SLAVES TO TOBACCO
'» and liquor when they can be curtd without the
use of drugs or anything taken into the system?
This Is not a "may be" or "perhaps," but a sure cure '
that has been tried by hundreds and succeeded;
cure of tobacco guaranted; no cure no pay. MRS
SARAH SEAL, 24 Sixth St., room 8.
I>ILES CAN BE CURED. "
THEN WHY SUFFER?
A full and complete recovery guaia iteed In each
case undertaken: you run no risk: a cure or no pay.
ROMAINE!S INFALLIBLE PILE CURE. 603
Post St., near Mason.
rr-HE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDRESS-
J- Ing establishment on . Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111, and
the name is Q. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake.
RAVELING MAN WOULD LIKE TO FORM
X acquaintance of honest girl ; object matrimony.
Address Stranger, box 140, this omce.
PIANO LESSONS AT PUPILS' HOME, 50c
and 91; best reference. P. L., box 18, Call.
CtARD-READING, 26c: LADIES ONLY; BOOM
\J 3, 1065 Market st., south side.
Air ANTKD-PUPILS TO LEARN MILLINERY ;
'» thorough satisfaction; elecant eoods to work
with; terms reasonable. 1104 Market St., room
32, second floor.
GL DECSI ~~ " "
• (Late of Pans and London),
DESIGNER OF STANDARD SYSTEM
is
LADIES' GARMENTS, CAPES, ETC..
Will teach above method at customer's domicile
if required.
For information and prices Inquire at 1714 Post
street:
Patterns of any design promptly executed.
riHIROMANCY (PALMISTRY') TAUGHT
\J and the hand read ; from 60c 1422 Hyde st.
DANCING-BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
T> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SAL?
-I I also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in bank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
MY WIFE, EMILY SASS. HAVING LEFT
my bed and board, I urn not responsible for '
any debt contracted by her. HENRY SASS.
DBIAGI HAS THIS DAY SOLD THE
• fruitstore and busn ess at 535 Hayes st to !
CHARLES DAVINI, who will conduct the busi-
ness as heretofore.
WILL JAME-? R. WELSH, HAILKOAD
»» brakeman, formerly of Columbus, Ohio, and
St. Paul, Minn., or any one who knows of him or
his whereabouts, communicate with the under^
signed at once. C. K. BRAY, General Agent Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway, 2 New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco.
EWARP— THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS- j
soclatlon offer a reward of $20 for information !
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one i
stealing tools or material from any of the places ■
where work Is being done.
1 lif Ml CARDS, #160: SHOW CARDS. 15c:
X \ '\J\J teL Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
"}>EAUTY." A HANDSOME, ILLUSTRATED
1 i book on the toilet, presented free to any lady
calling at 143 l'belan building between 12 and 5. "
AIR DRESSED, WAVED. FACE MADE UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, 25c; lessons \
given: face preparations. MRS. BUTLER.I3I Post. |
ADVICE FREE; DIVOHCK LAWS A SPE- '
XV dally, private-, no chares unless successful; all |
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
8K YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT I
air Wash: cures scalp diseases: take no other. |
NOLTE PAY'S CASH FOX OLD GOLD.
. 222O'F«rreU st.
OH! DO NT YOU RKMEMBKR SWEET
Alice, Ben Bolt— 2sc for batrdresslng does not
mean inferior work in my case; 1 have the very
best artists In the city in my employ ana 1 give
the most satisfactory and up-to-date service. G.
LEDKRER, 111 Stockton st.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
UPTUBE— ALL PERSONS INTERESTED
In the painless and positive cure of ruptures
Address with stamp, lock box 2112, San Francisco,
Cal. •
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
r\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.: aso
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to 91 50 per night: 91 60 to 96 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIKS' H.\IR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
TJ>ARriNGTON"« SCHOOL OF .MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illuntratlon; day and evening;
clashes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Parttngton.K.L.Partlnirton. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Gear}-, rendered from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class Uundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
ffl« 1 A ROOM: CAUPi-.Ta CLKANKD ON THE
fjp X floor. 206 Leaven worth Ht.
I>IG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICONSHOW EVE-
X) ry Bight cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertiEementa in living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
AUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
i-'l- Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter St., phone main 49. SAM.
■p.R. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM '
XJ 227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2, main 6477.
L.D GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIKS'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Ha. cor. Jessie.
rpHK ECONOMY" MILLINKKY, RED FRONT.
X 40, 46 Sixth: children's school hats sc: dyed,
pressed 35c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
IBKKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND^, JiliW-
elry, etc. : lowest rate*. 948 Market su
pLOAKS. CAPES ANI» SUITS RETAILED AT
\J infra" cost. Factor-.- 20 Hansom* St.. upstaln.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an..- address in the ■•
United States or Canada one year for 91 60, post-
■M free.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. ST. CLAIR, ARTISTIC GOWNING,
ladies' tailoring; work guaran eed. 328 Eddy.
RADLEY, 410 TAYLOR-ELEGANT, STY-
lish dresses made; 95 up; dresses made over.
TYREhSKS 92 UP- WIIAI'PKHS 36 CENTS up :
XJ lawn 91 up. M)5» / 4 Natoma St.. above sixth.
~~ SIEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used: every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
RB.G. WOOD. MIDWIFE, CURES ALL Disl
l'l eases of the womb, paralysis, rheumatism,
dropsy, liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tu-
mor*: cure guaranteed. 230 Clara st., near Fifth.
ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKB. DX. SCOTT.
JU 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; 9500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
ALL CASES OF IRItKGULARITIES BE-
-."V stored In a few hours: sate and sure - relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate . home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WY'KTH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
A BLESSING TO LADIKS SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases . peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bud
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
the times; home In confinement. Die. .t MRS.
DAY IKS. 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, 92.
LADIKS— CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH FKITI
ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable: take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars. "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
MRS. DR. WF.GENER. PRIVATE HOME IN
i>X confinement; irregularities cured -in a tew
hours without operation; pills 92. 419 Eddy st.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores ail cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or uo churce; separata
home tor patients: best skill: medical attend-
nee: ■ low tees; regulator, 92. 1370 Market si. ■ ■:..-
S~ URE CURE "FOR ALITfKM ALK DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MltS. DR. GWY'KK. 226 Turk St.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 254^ 4th.
LADIES— GKRMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
vents. safe, sure; pills do loncer ' reoulred;
91 60 per box. G. S. P. Co., 1031 Market St.. S. F.
1 It. HALL. 14 McALLISTKK sTREKT, NKAK
Xy* Jones. Diseases of women and children. . .
\ HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
jt\- MRS. DX. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st..Alamcda.
A LPEAU'B - FRENCH FILLS— A BOON TO
XX. ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; .92 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSUOOL- BROS., Oakland, Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. . .
enn lots— from 950 To^bTooo^ ~
O\l\J 20 houses and lots, from 91250 .910,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from 9100 to 30.000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. 91000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from 950 to. ' 4,000
25 lodging-bouses and hotels, from 9200 to 3,000
4 flats, lot 50x114. 5,000
1 good lot in city 150
2 lots. Ocean View. 50x125 600
4 stores; 28 rooms: rent 91fO 25,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER T
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property.
H. C. DECKKK, 1020 Market St.. opposite Fifth
CJAft ACRES CHOICE LAND, UNINCUM-
ArxxJ bered, adjoining the celebrated Hearst or-
chard, in Palermo, for clear Income city property;
valu*- 916,000. Address RANCH, box 93, Call.
%V HAT WIL.L YOU EXCHANGE FOR 9350
»' equity Stockton lots, or sell, easy payments?
bargain. Address Owner, box 99, Call Office.
IV HO WANTS TO TRADE LAND FOR A
'• patent novelty? Address L., box 112, Call.
AN RAFAEL RESIDENCE: 8 ROOMS, ETC.:
accepted street: value $4000; will exchange
for city residence. J. R. ROCHE, san Rafael.
ACHINE-SHOP, WITH GOOD JOBBING
and hardware business, in the East, for Call.
fornia ranch property. Address W.. box 114, Call.
TO EXCHANGE— ROYAL BICYCLE, RODE
less" than 100 miles, for first-class typewriter.
Address, with particulars, V. R., box 89, this office.
9llA ACRES LAND IN MONTEREY COUN-
Z,\J\J ty: will assume mortgage. A, box 8, Call.
XCHANGE, RENT— MODERN COTTAGE, 5'
lots, stable, chicken-house. 406 Boswortb.
I 9£o ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 — 01/ water; fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6,Catl
MONET TO LOAN. ~~
©iVi ftftft AT *¥* TpER "CENT WE HAVE
«3)1 V/.VJI7U to loan on good city real estate.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
"DIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PER CENT;
X> the same rate on a 2d mortgage or life insur-
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office. '
NY AMOUNT OF MONEY TO LEND ON
lodging-houses by private party; no charge
for appraising. Address J. T. W., Brooklyn Hotel.
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY. ETC
ji Colombia Loan <& Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
O LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
to 95000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
x\- estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2,-3.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWKLRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Market«t..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
\f ORTUAGKS, LOANS ON COLLATE S;
itX low rates. Sylvaln Salopian & C 0. ,328 Montgy
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market at,
ft 1 ftf\ ft(\(\ TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
0 i y>yr.\J\'\t ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine.
LOANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
I ST <fc aD MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
Xtates:lowest ratf»3:no T" KTHY.H2S Mrk\
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: prl-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap.
HORSES. ~ "
\y ant e^^w^^o^s^s^aTJd~wagolTin
»» part payment of magnificent new piano. Ad-
dress Box 51, this oflice.
ORSE FOR SALE, CHKAP. 2720 FOLSOM
street.
ifl HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
•I" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN i DOYLE, Auctioneers.
|A|> SiiTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
-IV kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheat) horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
I P.fj SKTS NEW A..U SECOND-HAND HAK-
XtJ\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses aud
scrapers- Band-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
R. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
Keon for S. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital. I-! Cltv Hull aye.: telephone south 4111.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
T lOHT WAGON; GOOD CON DITIONTsUI'rX-
JU ble for grocery; cheap. 836 Devisaderost., near
McAllister.
II ANDSOME FAMILY CARRIAGE, NEARLY
XX new, with single harness, together or sepa-
rately, for sale. 822 Broadway, Oakland.
FFER WANTED ON 9250 TOP ROAD BUG-
gy. 1620 Mission st. - ;
\TEW AND SKCON D-H AND BAKERY", LA UN-
-Li dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and •> fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
THIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND ' ASHISrO*-
X ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office. ;. .'. ,>j
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE feN-
Ogines; various sizes ; guaranteed perfect order ;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call.
INGER, NEW FAMILY; FIVE DRAWERS;
O $12 50. 2437 Mission, near Twenty-first.j »4
"I ARGE VARIETY THOR O U G H~B RED
\J chicken eggs for hatching. F. KRAUS, 1031
McAllister st.
"OU SALE OR EXCHANGE— I TANDEM FOll
. single wheel; in good order. 1523 Devlsadero st.
4-KORsEPO~Wr;R GASOLINE OR GAS EN-
gine; nearly new. DR. AR N M, 661 Market.
BICYCLES— 4 NEW SAFETIES; A SACRI-
X> flee to close agency. Apply 113 Battery st.
"OARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
XJ write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
T/OR BALE CHEAP— HORSEPOWER EN'-
X ginc, bo ler, shafting, pulleys, etc. Apply W.
E, LEE, Twenty- su and Telegraph aye.,
Oakland.
pi LOSING OUT OF STOVES. TINWARE, ETC.;
\J small or large quantity. 1075 Howard st.
1 QU|' MODEL, NEW WHEEL; 945 CASH.
XO JO 910 Folsom at.
SAND-PAPER MACHINE. BUZZ PLANER,
O rock breaker, 5 h-pow. boiler engine. 404 3d.
PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
X Inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and
12x16, 20c: 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c: 18x22, 36c;
20x24, 45c; 22x28. 60c JONES, 647 Mission 8U
"I 4-FOOT WINDMILL: TANKS 15.000 GAL-
X^tlons; frame SO feet; pump and pipes: also B-
foot windmill; tanks 10,000 gallons: pumps and
pipes. 1457 Seventh st., West Oakland.
I[H>R SALE AT A BARGAIN— HADWKN-
SWAIN gas-engine (4 horsepower), in perfect
order. Call at 207-209 Sacramento st., third floor.
"Y^OUNG RATTKR AND HUNTER PUPS
X cheap. A. CASWELL, Eighteenth and Rail-
road aye.
piANO, 925: COW, $25; PANEL-TOP WAGON
-i. cheap. 814 Nineteenth, tir. Sanchez, aft. 6 p.m.
IGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; $80 TO 960.
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes at.
FIRE-PROOF SAFE WITH BURGLAR
J chest: cheap. D. N. HAW LEY, 318 Markeu
L, OILERS, KNGINES.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
XJ waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
KUILDINGSK U1LD1NGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
LJ doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
lire and burglar proof safe. 3 09. 11l Market St.
I? IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETT Eft-
X press, platform scales and desk -.cheap. 102 Clay.
V- E W RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
II hand. W. S. RAY' Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
-' bought »nd sold miy% Market bet. 7U» and lit a
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. :•
ADVIC^F^"EE^rm?micE^LA^S^A^SPE^
XI- ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-al-law. 850 Market.
MJ. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
JLU. . Market st, ; anvlce free.
T E. PHILLIPS, U. S. AND STATE COURTS'
JU. damage su Its; law of probate and divorce-
charges moderate. Oflices, 508 California st.
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X .law; advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
W W. DA VIDSON, ATTORNK Y-A r-LAW.42O
'T . California st.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
SEWING MACHINES.
UPWARD^ RENT 9160 TO 9i 75
«pc> monthly; repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth su
AL « KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGE
XV rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived. ,
Stmr Cleone, Milleri 32 SATURDAY". May 9.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 32 hours from Crescent
City; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
1 Jr ":-•■. bailed.
Stmr South Coast. SATURDAY, May 9 "
Stmr South Coast. Hansen,, Astoria.
Domestic Ports. '
PORT TOWN SEN May 9— Schr J En-
pluger.
Movements or Tr.in«- \Mintlo <?t»a<nar«.
NEW YORK-Arrived May 9— Stmr Paris, from
Southampton: stmr Bonn, from Bremen: stmr La
Touraine, from Havre; stmr Etruria, trom Liver-
pool and Queenstown; stmr Edam, from Hamburg
ami Rotterdam. .
Sailed May 9— Stmr Manitoba, for London: stmr
Werkendam. tor Rotterdam: stmr La Bourgogne,
for Havre; stmr !<rsiunsch<veie. for Naples; stmr
H. H. Meier, for Bremen: simr Lucanla, for Liver-
pool: stmr Circassla, for Glasgow; stmr Norge. for
Copenhagen, Stettin, etc. ' -
. JbRKMEN— Arrived out May 9-Stmr AUer.
HAVRE— May 9— Stmr La Gasgogne, for
New York. .
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 9— Stmr St Paul,
for New York. ■ „
GENOA— Sailed May 9— Stmr Fulda, for New
York. . . '--■■-■
NAPLES-Salled May 8-Stmr Werra, for New
York. _ „
BREMERHAVEN-Bailed May 9-Stmr Halle,
for New York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed May 9-Btmr Norwegian, for
New York. -
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed May 9— Stmr Schiedam,
for New York.
LIZARD-Passed May 9— Stmr La Bretagne, fm
New York for Havre stmr Westernland.from New
York for Antwerp.
DUN.NET HE AD-Passed May 9-Stmr Thing-
valla, from New York for Stettin.
Importation*.
CRESCENT CITY- Per Cleone-242 Mft lum-
ber, 11 bxs butter, 7 dressed calves.
Coniti°;nnq4.
Per Cleone— Simpson Lumber Co: FBHatght: V
Uri & Co:: Witzel A Baker; O B Smith & Co
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued ny
the County Clerk's oflice yesterday:
D. Blassattl and Maria Mozzpttl. 40—25.
A. J. Johnson and Mary J. Heeney, 26—24.
E. F. Griffith and lizzie S. Tan. 31—24.
R. A. Taflinderan-1 Ruoy E. Wing, 19—17.
J. F. Collins and George McCleskey, 21—19.
William Evans and Mamie E. McQiiirk, 32—19.
F. J. Hutchlngs and Bessie F. Adler, 41—26.
J. N. Cralcale and Mary Florada. 65—43.
C. H. Relnhocl and Eleanor E. Nitcher, 28—25.
C. C. Larsen and Augusta Dryer. 24—19.
W.B.Edmiusterand Kstrela B.Belinfante,2B— 2s.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed:
Paulino H"ine against Frederick Heine.
BiBTUS— MAKBUCES— IMiA'im
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be banded in at
cither of the publication offices and be Indorse 1
with the name and residence of persons autnorUa4
to have the same published.! .
BORN.
ALLEN— In this city, May 2, 1896, to the wife of
Anthony Allen, a son.
BKNN-in this city. May 1896, to the wife of
Walter Benn, a son.
BERLIN— In this city. May 9, 1896, to the wife of
Albert Berlin, a daughter.
BUNYON— in this city. May 2,1896, to the wife
of Thomas D. Bunyon, a son.
BUSSE— In Oakland, to the wife of William C.
Busse, a son.
CANTY— In this city, April 28, 1896, to the wife
of C. Canty.
CLAASEN— In this city. May 1, 1896, to the wife
of J. H. Claasen, a son.
COLTER-In this city. May 4, 1896, to the wife of
J. N. Colter, a daughter.
GIBNEY— In this city, April 26, 1896, to the wife
of J. Glbney, a son.
HART— In this city, April 22, 1896, to the wife ol
John P. Hart, a son.
HETT this city, May 3, 1896, to the wife of
. L. B. Hetty, a daughter.
HIGBY— In this city, April 30, 1896, to the wife of
Frank A. Higby, a daughter.
MacCARTH Y-In this city, April 16, 1896, to the
wife of Callahan McCarthy, a son.
MARKS— April 19,1896, to the wife of the late
Abe C. Marks, a son.
MORGAN— In this city. May 7, 1896, to the wife of
W. J. Morgan, a daughter.
O'KANE-In Oakland, May 6, 1898, to the wife
of Major P. O'Kane, a son.
QUADE-In this city. May 3, 1896, to the wife of
C. B. Quade, a daughter.
SCHMELZ-May 3, 1896, to the wife of Dr. O. J.
Schmelz, a daughter.
WEBKR-In this city. May 3. 1896, to the wife of
Christian B. Weber, a son.
WINKLER— In this city. May 9, 1896, to the wife
of Charles Wlnkler, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DAVIBON-TROUT-In this city. May 9, 1893,
by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. William H. Davison
and Laura A. Trout, botu of San Francisco.
HEILMANN— LAMBERT— In this city, April 28,
1896. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. Father
Hannigan, JOhn E. Heilmann and Emma M.
Lambert.
HOLMES— REYNOLDS— In this city, April 29,
1896, by the Rev. John A. Emery. Dr. H. M.
Holmes of Adams, Mass., and May B. Reynolds
of San Francisco.
WARNESS-MEYEK-In Oakland* May 6, 1898,
by the Rev. I. L. P. Dietrichson, Paul A. Warness
and Annie J. Meyer.
DIED. ~~
Alexander, Oliver A. MacCarthy, (Infant)
Brady, Maymie L. Mahoney. Mrs. E.
Bryant, Mamie Marquardt. Fred
Busch. Annie . O'Day, Mrs. Sarah
Col mann, Barbara M. Olsen. Samuel
Cornelius, William Reynolds. Clara
Einsfeld, Peter Rodriguez, Dolores
Ellis. Jacob Ktumpf. Ferdinand
Foster. Martha J. Swanstrom, Klna C
Frey, John Tolaud. John
Hamilton, James L. Williams, Benjamin F.
Kelly, Mattle C Wilson, O. (K. Coyle)
Knobloch, Jacob . Vaccarl, Joaeohin'e
Kupfer, Gene vie -. Welsh. Ellen J.
Larkin, George K. Wo cott, Jesse M.
Leach, .Edward ;. ... Zeiner, Emma •-
j Zeyn, Gustavo C.
ALEXANDER— In this city. May 8, 1896. Oliver
A., dearly beloved son of Julius and Alice Alex-
ander, and only brother of Brighue Alexander,
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years 6 months
and 7 days.
tS~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 118 Ash avenue, between Polk.
street and Van Ness avenue, interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city, May 8, 1896, Maymie
Louise, beloved wife of Tecumseh Brady, and
mother of Tecumseh and Milton Brady, daugn-
ter of th« late Anna Louise and Christian Do-hs,
and sister of Addie and Donnle Dobs, a native of
Los An e!es, aged 26 years 3 months and 8 days.
A member of Piedmont Circle No. 164, C. O. F.
of A. O. F.
j£s" Friends and acquaintances and members of
circle are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock
'p. M.. from her late residence, 309 Francisco
street, between Powell and Mason. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRYANT- In this city. May 8,1836. Mamie, be-
loved wife of W. J. Bryant of Seattle, and daugh-
ter of Thomas and the late Mary Gibson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years. [Portland
papers please copy.
JBWThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the rest-
dence of her aunt, Mrs. James Smith, 642 Foi-
som street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment private at Mount Cavalry
Cemetery.
BUSCH— In this city, May 9. 1896, Annie Bnscb.
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months and 11
days.
COLM ANN— In this city, May 9 1896. Barbara M..
beloved wife of Martin ColmanD, and mother of
Mrs. B. Naber, Mrs. Rose Norrls, Mrs C. W.
Heyer. and Martin. George and Alma Colmanu,
and sister of Mrs. Rose Bernard!, Phllipp, Geb-
har.it, and tbe late Mrs. Emma and Mary
Bublert, a native of Germany, aged 58 years 3
months and 19 days. Past Grand of Walhalla
Rebekah Degree Lodge No. 130, I. O. O. F.
j»yFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TUESDAY
May 12. at 1 o'clock p. it., under the auspices
of Walhalla Rebekah Degree Lodge No. 130
I O. O. F., from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner Seventh
and Market streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ■
CORNELIUS-In the City and County Hospital.
May 8, 1896, William Cornelius, aged 62 years.
EINSFELD— In this city. May 9. 1896. Peter be-
lovea husband of the late Nellie Einsfeld. and
father of Peter, Harry M.. George A. and Joseph-
ine Einsfeld. a native of Germany, aged 56 years
1 month and 1 day. [San Jose papers pleas*
copy. J
J9*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TUESDAY' '
May 12. at 10 o'clock a. v., from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
ELLIS— In the City and County Hospital. May
8, 1896. Jacob Ellis, aged 62 years.
FOSTER-In this city. May 9. 1896, Martha J..
beloved wife of George W. Foster, mother of
George A. and Elmer A. Foster, Mrs. Emma J.
LeiHngwell, Mrs. Annie F. Case, Mrs. A. O.
Stewart, Mrs. Dan Chlsholm and the late Laura
Crabtree, a native of New Hampshire and a
pioneer of California, aged 76 years 8 months and
18 days. [Oakland (Cal.) and Boston (Mass.}
papers please copy.]
ftp Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at Haywards, Alameda County, Cal.,
on the arrival of the 1 o'clock p. x. train from
San Francisco.
FREY— In New York City, John Frey. father of
. Fred. Emma, Lizzie, Mary, Amanda and Louisa
Frey, aged 80 years.
HAMILTON— In this city. May 9, 1896, James L.,
beloved son of the late William and Ann Hamil-
ton and brother of Thomas R. Hamilton, a na-
tive of Sun Francisco, aged 33 years. .
49~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, at 9 a. 11. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. May 8, 1896, Mattle C, be-
loved wife of John W., and mother of Grade M
and John Kelly, aud daughter of Joseph and
the late Catherine Cantrell. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years 6 months and 10 days.
jBS-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence. 717 Army street, thence to St. Paul's
Church for • services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,
KNOBLOCH— In this city. May 9, 1896 Jacob,
beloved husband of Barbara Knobloch, and
father of Charles, Frank and Otto Knobloch and
Mrs. Fred Collins, and brother of Christopher
Knobloch, a native of Baden, Germany, aged 6»
years. • .
'i «S-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, Missouri street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, Potrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KUPFKR-In this city. May 9, 1896, Oeneviere
Kupfer. beloved mother of Martin Kupfer. Mrs.
Catherine Ktiene, Mrs. Marie Maden. Mrs. Fran-
colse Bruner, Mrs. Angelic Gu Ilium, and moth-
er "i n "i 8W Z* V - Ktlen E. Madeu, Albert Bruner
and Ph. Guillium. a native of Alsace, aged 71
years and 9 months. ■;•. - ...
Friends and acquaintances are respect-fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
at' her daughter, Mrs. <iull him, 402 Pacific
street, northwest corner of Pacific and Sunsome.
Interment I. O. v. F. Cemetery.
/VRKIN— In this city. May 9, 1896, Geonce 8.,
beloved husband of Johanna Larkin, and father
of John J. i arkin, a native of Providence, K. 1.,
aged 68 years and 1 day.
*S*Frien<is and acquaintance* ar» r<»sr»»~ - -
fully Invited to attend the funeral TUESDAY,
May 12, at 8:30 o'clock a. jr.. from his late resi-
dence, 1124 Howard street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a requiem high man
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment In Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
EACH— In this city, May 6, 1838, Edward Leach,
beloved husband of Josephine I.each. a native of
Kunland, aged 50 years and 6 months.
43~Friencis a nct acquaintances are rasneo
fully invited to attend. the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from Alcazar
building. 116 O'F.rrell street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
24U9 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
:. of il. — Yerbi Ynena Lodge Sa 1788, K. of H. :
Members will assemble at lodceroom. Alcazar
buildin?. THIS DAY (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock p. m., to attend the funeral of Brother E.
Leach. Services at 1 o'clock p. m. at lodgeroom.
• D. F. CA.M.EKON, Dictator.
R. H. Noblx. Reporter.
IacCARTHY— In tnls city. April 16, 1896, infant
son of Callahau aril Gerirude MacCarthy.
iAHOXEY— In San Jose, May 9, 1896. Mrs.
KltzabHh Mahoney, wife of the late Kdwnrd
Jlahoney, beloved mother of John F., Eugene
and Kdward Malion.y, Mrs. William J. Ford
and Mrs. E. R. Mofliti, a native of Ireland, aged
64 years. - „
Friends and acquaintances »re respectfully
Invited to at en<l the funeral TUESDAY. May 13,
at 9 o'clock a. if . from her late residence. 811%
Hals?ht street, ibence to Sacred Heart Church,
■where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
VIARQUARDT— In this city. May 6. 189*5. Frsd
Marquardt, an ex-Union soldier, a native of
Germany, aged 64 years
eS-Remaiiis at the parlors of A. W. Martin
A. Co.. 118 Geary street.
3'DAY— An anniversary high mats will be eel
. nraied for the repose of toe soul of Mrs. Sarah
O'Day TOMORROW (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock
a. m.. at St. Teresa's Cimrch, lotrero. Friends
are respectfully invited 10 attend.
DI.SKN — In this city, May 8, 1896, Samuel Olsen,
beloved brother of Otto and the late. Mark Olsen,'
a native of Norway, aged 29 years.
jCSfFrlenis and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the pnr-
lors Of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
M:«ion street, near lhird. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
REYNOLD*— In this city. May it, 1896. Clara, be-
loved daughter of Nellie and the late Daniel
Reynolds, slater Of Charles, Annie, Alice, Ray-
mond and Nellie Reynold* and niece of Mr. and
Mrs. J. .Sullivan, a native of an Francisco, aged
15 years 6 niomhs and 13 days.
RODRIGUEZ— In this city, Dolores Rodriguez
Beloved wife of the late Luis Rodriques and be
loved mother of Louise. Elvira. Alexander,
Louis Rodrisruejs and Mrs. J. Alvarez, and
daughter of Mrs. M. Carrion, a native of >an
Francisco, aged 41 years. 8 months and 22 days.
85" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKRiJW
Mood at 2:80 p. M., from her late residence,
] 4 1 1 Kearuy street, near Union. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
STUMPF— In this city. May 9, 1896, Ferdinand
beloved son of Joseph and Nemesla Stumpf. am
brother or Mary Stumpf, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged i years 11 months and 29 days.
SWANS! ROM — In this cltv. May 8. 1896, Elna
Carolina, beloved daughter of Carl R. and- Anna
Rwanstr "v, and sister of Agnes 1... Ebb* A. am
Oustav W. swans rom. a native of Shasta
County. CaL, aged 5 years 2 months and 15 days
TOLAND— In the City and County Hospital, May
9, 1598. John Tolani. aged 58 years.
VACCARI— In thin city. .May 7. 1893. .Tosephln»,
beloved daughter of John Vaccari, and sister of
Steve, William, -John. Mamie, Angellne and
Annie Vaccari. a native of -San Francisco, aged
11 years 4 months and 23 days.
J^TFrlends and acquaintance? are resoeot-
fully invited to ar.eni the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her parents. 432 Chestnut stree:. between
Powell and Mason, thence to Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church. Interme.u Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
•WELSH— In this city. May 9. 1896, Ellen J., be
loved wife of the late James Welsh and mother
of Katie. Fred and the late James Welsh, a
native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
WILLIAMS— In this city, May 5.1896, Benjamin
Franklin Williams, beloved husband of Kale T..
and father of F. D. Williams, a native of Wildes
Barre, Luzerne County. Pennsylvania, aged 67
year-" 3 months and .5 days. [Wilkes Barre
papers please copy.J
89~Friends aaa acquaintances are reaoe^t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, Pennsylvania Hotel, 226 Michigan
street. Potrero, funeral to connect with the 1
o'clock p. v. creek route ferry for Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WILSON (COYLEi— In the City ana Counts Hos-
pital. May 9, 1896. George Wilson (Edward
Coyle). aged 36 years.
WOLCOTT— In this city. May 9, 1896. Jesse M.
Wolcott, a native of New York, a<red 74 years.
7KINKR- In this city. May 9.1896. Emma, be-
loved wife of Wendelin Zeiner, and mother of
Herman Zeiner. a natrve of Landshat, B '.:• ■
sien, Germany, aged 46 years 2 months and 17
days. " <"..;. jj,'
ZEYX-In Alameda, May 9. 1896, Gustave C.
eon of John P. and the late Sophia Key a na-
tive of Anaheim, Cal., aged 32 years 4 months
and 13 day*.
a^"Frlenns and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fnner»l THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 oclock. p. m.. trom the resi-
dence of his cousin. Mrs. O. Krewett. 626 Rail-
road avenue, Alameda. lu:ermea; 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
C. K. ok A.— The annual high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Mary's Branch No. 437,
Catholic KnU'nts of America, will be celebrated
at St. Mary's Cathedral TO-MORROW (Monday),
at 9 o'clock a. m.
I cxTted™Tjxdkrtakeks^™"^
I EMBALMING PARLORS.
I Everything Requisite for First-class Funeral
■ v.; Keaaonable Rates.
1 TrtWione South 167. 27 and 20 Fifth St.
NICAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM KRS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
Jab. McMKwokETT™^^~™CHAsrMcMKNd»«vT
JAMES McMKNOMKY & SOX,
UMDEKTAKKRS AND KHBALJIERS,
1057 Mlasion Street, »ar Seventh.
Telephoning 8354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CABE W
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEB3,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Vail Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone So. 156.
AN ARTIST'S SUCCESS.
Mils Clara McChesney Beturns to Her
Parents After Earning
Fame.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 9.— Miss Clara
McChesney has returned from a visit of
several years in the East to her home in
this city with fame that extends across
the ocean. Sbe is the oldest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. McChesney of 13&4
Franklin street, and began her career as
an artist in the San Francisco Art School
tinder Virgil Williams and Frederick
Yates.
She will stay here only about four weeks,
and then leaves for Europe to study in the
best art schools in Paris. Thb works from
her hands range from studies in Europe,
and more particularly Holland life, to an
extended review of American types.
Prohibition Delegates.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 9.— The dele
gates from this city to the State Prohibi
tion Convention to be held next week
at Stockton are: Charles Chester, F. W.
Sawyer, Mrs. A. B. Taynton, Miss If. E.
Thompson, Joseph Humphreys, T. L.
Hierliny, Mrs. H. W. Stowe, Mrs. Mary
Smith, R. Wiand, P. McCargar, Dr. Stark;
alternates, C. N. Campbell, J. V. Hays,
Mrs. Charles Chester, J. E. Wagor, C. R.
Mcl) >nald, F. J. RupeelJ. T. H. Mont
1 omen-, W. H. Bone, Dr. H. C. Dukes, E.
S. Arnold, A. P. Parker.
The d- legation will leave Tuesday and
return Friday in time to attend the John
G. Woo ley rally Friday evening at Ham
ilton Hall.
Young Men Organize.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 9.— The Young
Men's Central Republican Club was organ
ized last nignt with J. W. Stetson as pres
ident, W. P. Powers secretary and J. F.
Cronin as treasurer. The intention is to
keep clear of all factional entanglements
and expect to have enrolled 400 members
in a snort time. A constitution and by
laws will be reported at the next meeting
for action.
May Mean a Call.
OAKLAND.CaI., May 9.— Rev. Edwaids
Davis of the Central Christian Church will
preach, to-morrow morning at ihe First
Christian Church in Han Francisco. A few
weeks ago that congregation was surprised
dv the resignation of its pastor, R. M.
Campbell. Th.s immediate invitation
smounts practically to a call. It is not
considered likely that any inducements
will tempt Rev. Mr. Davis to leave his
splendid Oakland congregation.
DEATH OF DR. G, C. ZEYN.
A Young Surgeon Well Known
in This City and Ala
meda.
TEE BODY TO BE CREMATED.
Dr. Zeyn Was Recognized as One of
the Most Skillful Youn? Men in
His Piofession.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 9.— Dr. Gustav
C. Zeyn died this morninu at 7 o'clock at
hia residence, 620 Railroad avenue. For
ton days he had been confined to bed with
an acute attack of erysipelas. On Monday
he became seriously ill. His life was de
spaired of, but as be improved somewhat
and had the best of medical skill and the
assistance of expert nurses it was hoped
he would ultimately recover. During his
illness he tfas attended by Drs. W. O.
Smith, Lubbock, Xeyes, Reynolds and
Tischer of this city and Dr. Robert Mc-
Lean of San Francisco.
The disease attacked the face, and
though the spread of the disease was ar
rested on the top of the head the down
ward course could not be stopped, and the
disease reached the heart.
Dr. Zeyn was a native son, born in Ana
heim, Cal., thirty-three years aco. He
came to Alam^da when 1 c was 18 years
old, living since that time with his aunt,
Mrs. Dorothea Won ne burg, at 620 Rail-
I road avenue.
After attending the W T est End public
school and taking a course in Heald's
Business College he entered Toland Mcd
! ical College, receiving his diploma with
honors in ISS9. He became an interne at
the City and County Hospital of San
Franci-co and the Receiving Hospital.
From there he came to Alameda, and be
| ing a bright, genial fellow and an expert
I surgeon, he soon won a high place in pub
lic estimation. He was recognized as one
of the most successful surgeons of the
1 younger class.
Dr. Zeyn was a member of the City
Board of Health, physician to both of the
Native Sons' parlors, Pawnee Tribe, I. O.
R., and Court Priile, American Foresters.
The body will be cremated, in accord
ance with his wishes, and the funeral will
! be neld from the residence tomorrow
afternoon at 1 o'clock. There will be a
temporary burial at Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery.
Dr. Zeyn's father and sister, who had
been summoned from Anaheim, arrived
before the physician's death.
Al AM!.I)A «, MILK RECORD.
Dr. Carpenter Declare* the Mnfethly
Dairy Bulletins a Snccess.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 9.— This city's
i claim to having the best milk supply in
! the State has been strengthened by the
j Health Board's published report for the
1 month of April. The average figures are
I higher than those for March or February,
j and there has been improvement each
month since the publication of the results
of the inspections was begun.
The record of the April tests is as
follows:
r * --' g •
or c i J2»t
Daiby - ft? fo | P
o* ?2 : 2
i_p*_ ! Ji=_ " "
Jlameda Oood 8.7 8.6
.Attorney , Fair 4.1 12.0
Anderson's Fair 4.1 11.0
Daram's Good 4.8 13.5
Durham ■ Fair 4.4 ; 11.5
Kuclnal .' Fair 4.1 I 11.0
Featbentone's ! Fair 42 11.0
Frotalngham's Fair 4.0 10.5
Frultvale Jersey. Hood 3.7 10.0
Gessler's. Fair 4.1 10.5
Halnanßros.' Good 3.6 0.0
Highland Park Fair 4.1: 11.5
Home Good 4.4 9.5
Innes 1 lair 3.7 11.5
Jersey Butter and Milk Co Fair 4.2 12.0
Jersey Creamery 'Fair , 3.6 9.5
Jersey Milk. Cream and But-
ter-Company Fair : 3.6 10.5
Laundry Farm. Fair 4.1 11.0
May's Good I 4.3 10.0
Old Alameda Far 4.0 10.5
Sunset Fair 3.8 10.0
Sykes & McDonald Creamery.. Fair 4.3 11.0
Vossler's Fair 3.8 9.0
Dr. Carpenter, the veterinary inspector,
says that the dairymen pay much moreat
! tention to the work of the Board of Health
than they did before a public bulletin was
issued. Careful study is now made of the
best methods 01 fepding the cattle, the aim
of the owners of the dairies being to make
their records as high as possible in what
has practically become a monthly compe
tition.
Lincoln Avenue Sale.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 9.— The remain
der of the lots delinquent for the assess
ments for the opening of Lincoln avenue
were sold this morning by Street Superin
tendent Frodden to David Hirschfeid for
tne sum of $3241 32. It announced at
tne sale that Alfred G. Cohen and his at
torney had agreed to make a conveyance
o tne city of the land required for the
DR. G. C. ZEYN, WHO DIED YESTERDAY AT ALAMEDA.
opening of the avenue, and the other
parties to the agreement— Messrs. G. T.
Wright and J. w7 Goodwin, attorneys for
the commissioners— at their instigation
had expressed the wish for the postpone
ment of the sale till next Thursday. Mr.
Hirschfeld, however, insisted that the
sale should proceed, and he became the
purchaser. In order to redeem this prop
erty now the Cohen family wiii bave to
pay 50 per cent penalty.
The K.ia.v Race.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 9.— Anderson's
University Academy students won the
twenty-flve-mile relay race this morning
from the Alameda High School student*.
The Alameda High School only roi in
ahead of the the A. U. A.'s Dy two-fifths of
a second in the first relay. In the other
four they were behind. The time made
by each rider was as follows:
L. Rank, 16 mm. 46 3-5 sec. ; R. Ferguson, 16
mm. 44 see.; I. Gutte, 16 mln. ; W. Gcissler,
15 mlv.; Uoodfellow, 14 mm.
Alameda High School— N. Stark, 16 mm.
45 1-5 sec; L. IChevalier. 16 mm. 30 we;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
F. Welch, 1« m!n. 25 sec.; Moulthrop, 15
mln. 30 sec. : L. David, 15 mm.
The twenty-five miles was negotiated in
1 hr. 18 mm. The next relay race, under
the auspices of the Academic Athletic
League, will be held on Saturday, May 30,
and all the schools in tne league will be
represented.
Alameda Entertainments.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 9.— Armory Hall
was filled to the doors last night by an ap
preciative audience to witness the farce in
German and the tableaux descriptive of
'•The Lady of the Lake," presented by the
students and teachers of the Hiu-h School.
Miss Ramsdell covered herself with
glory in her rendition of Meyerbeer's
"Roberto, tv che adoro."
Rev. G. R. Dodson to-morrow will
occupy the pulpit of Rev. Horatio Sttb
bins. D.D., San Francisco.
Theodore Vogt's testimonial concert will
be piven in Armory Hall Wednesday,
May 20.
The Woodmen's picnic at San Lorenzo
Grove was attended by a strong contingent
from this city. About 2000 people were
there.
Pawne Tribe's ball has been given up
on account of the death of Dr. Zeyn.
A TRAGEDY AVERTED.
A. A. M-iiirc Wanted to Mete Out Snm-
Mary Justice to • a News
paper Man. -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 9. f
A. A. Moore was hunting for a newspa
per man this afternoon and but for the in
tervention of Judge Nusbaumer there
might have been trouble.
Mr. Moore sets a high value on his repu
tation and when he read in a paper this
morning that he had settled a case in court
with Juiig- 1 Frieic and that the Judge's
Congressional ambition and the Southern
Pacific Railroad controlled by
The Hall and Clubhouse at Uaywards Where the Grand Council of the Y. At. I. Will Meet a Week
From To- Morrow.
Mr. Moore had more to do with the case
than justice he was angry.
This statement displeased the gentlemen
greatly and they started out to tind the
I cau^e of it. V> v hile talking to Judge Nus
! baumer the editor of the paper passed, but
\va* unknown to Mr. Moore.
"Tnere goes your man," said Nus
baumer.
"Well, I'm not going to defend myself
in the courts," sai i A. A. Moore, "I'll do
it with less trouble," and Mr. Moore
I started off on the run.
Judge Nushaumer suggested arbitration
I and pulled Mr. Moore's sleeve, and after
! a homily succeeded in getting Mr. Moore
; into his ollice. Then the wicked editor
j was sent for and an explanation followed
and what promised to be a tragedy was
' averted.
_
Has No License.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 9. — Secretary
I Schafer of the Board of Health discovered
to-day that Dr. N. E. P. Borghetti, an
Italian physician, was practicing without a
State certificate, and consequently the ap
plication for a burial permit for the body
of Lena Marotini was refused, the death
certificate being signed by that physician.
He has diploma* from various Italian col
leges, and was referred to the State Board
of Health. ......
Furglara at ork.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 9.— The saloon
of Adam Crafts on Park avenue and Park
street was entered by burglars and $100 in
coin taken from his pockets at his bedside.
A silver and nickel watch and a gold chain
were also taken. -^
. » m »
Hon. J. V. Webster of San Luis Obippo
County, who was the People's party candidate
for Governor at the last election, was in . town
to-day. 1 Mr. Webster stopped over en route
to the Populist State Convention which meets
at Bacraxnento on Tuesday of next week. . Mr.
Webster thinks that the outlook for the party
in the coming campaign is very promising.
Several of the interior delegates are in Oak
laud.
PREPARING FOR
THE DELEGATES.
Grand Council of Y. M. I.
Will Be Royally
Welcomed.
PROGRAMME OF PARADE
The Town Actively Preparing
for the Coining Week's
Ceremonies.
MANY ORDERS TO BE IN LIKE
Every Promise Made at Vallejo Will
Be Kept With One Ex
ception.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 9.— One week
from next Monday the Grand Coun
cil of the Young Men's Institute will
convene at Uaywards. During the past
week numerous communications have
been received of the various committees
asking for information regarding the
town, it; accommodations and its attrac
tions.
Haywards is one of the prettiest towns
in Alaraeda County, and deserves all that
was said about it at Vallejo last year by
the delegates who succeeded in capturing
the Grand Council of this year.
Only one thing is lacking that was
promised, and that is the fruit. This,
however, is not the fault of the Haywards'
folk, for the Grand Council is usually held
in August, and the early date of this year
is the result of the National Council held
at Denver two months ago.
Haywards is setting an example regard
ing the parade that is worthy of being fol
lowed in every town in the State. The
whole town has made it their opportunity
to show what Haywards can do and all
are working to make it one big success.
All the business houses will decorate and
for the day of the great parade the town
will be eiven over to festivity. Several of
the local secret societies will take part in
the parade, including the Native Sons,
Woodmen, Foresters and the Portuguese
Union. The Fire Department will make
a particularly fine showing.
The Hay wards Council will be headed
by a drum corps which has just been or
ganized, consisting of Manuel RoEers,
Ralph Jessup, Ernst Bridge, Frank Mar
shall, Manuel Rigg. Johnnie Paun and
others.
All the residents have mutually agreed
that the town shall present as neat an ap
pearance as possible and every stray weed
and truant grass tuft is being removed
and pgint its being lavishly used.
The committee on parade has completed
its programme for tue grand parade. It
is as follows;
FIBHT DIVISION.
Mounted Platoon of Police.
Chief of Police, W. J. Ramage.
Grand Marshal, George Tait.
Aids:
Oakland Concert Band.
Grand Officers Y. M. I. in carriage?.
Committee of Arrangements Twelfth Grand
Council.
Delegates Twelith Grand Council.
Golden State Council, Y. M. 1., No. 115.
Oakland Council, Y. M. 1., No. 6.
American Council. Y. M. 1., No. 8.
Alameda Council. Y. M. 1., No. 24.
Fraternity Council, Y. M. 1., No. 31.
Livermore Council, Y. M. 1., No. 47.
Ban Leandro Council. Y. M. 1., No. 91.
Center vi He Council, Y. M. 1., No. Uft,
SECOND DIVISION.
League of the Cross Drum Corps.
Company C— League of the Cross cadets.
Uo:den*<;ate Council, Y. M. 1., No. 34.
Columbia Council, Y. M. 1.. No. 55.
Ignatian Council. Y. M. 1., No. 35.
Birmingham Council, Y. M. 1., No. 59.
Borromean Council, Y. M. 1., No. 126.
Pioneer Council, Y. M. I , No. 1.
Mission Council, Y. M. 1., No. 3.
THIRD DIVISION.
Band.
Ban Jose Council, Y. M. 1., No. 2.
Washington Council, Y. M. 1., No. 4.
Vallfjorouiicil, Y. M. 1., No. 13.
Loyola Council, Y. M. 1., No. 32.
Phil yi'.cridan Council, Y. M. 1., No. 72.
Potrero ( . v' i!. Y. ». 1., No. 74.
Council Y. M. 1., No. 77.
Council Y. M. 1., No. 64.
FOI'RTH DIVISION.
/ Band.
' Eden Tarlor No. 113, N. S. G. W.
Board of Trustees of Haywardr..
Havvards Firr Department.
San Leaudro Fire L>*|mrtnicnt.
U- P. K. C, No. 3, Hny\s t ,rd«.
U. I. E. C, No. 1, fan Leandr.i.
A. O. F. of A., No. 78, Hayward*.
The line of march will be as follow:
Head of column A street, up A s.reet to
Castro street, down Castro street to E street,
countermarch to D Btreet, up D street to Main
street, up Main street to B street, up B street
to Third street, up Third street to A street,
down A street to Main street, down Main street
to B street, down B street to Castro street, down
Castro street to A street, down A street to Wat
kins street, where tne different divisions will
be dismissed.
The programme of the events of the week
was published several days azo.
WOODCRAFT GAMES.
Annual Reunion and Picnic of the Or
der in Alameda County Held
To- Day.
SAN LORENZO, Cal., May 9.— The an
nual picnic ami reunion of the Alameda
County camps Woodmen of the World was
held here to-day. There was a very large
attendance and a most enjoyable time.
Tlip interest settled about a chopping con
test that had been arranged for represen
tatives of the various camps. It had been
expected that eacii camp would have a de
fender, but when the time came only four
appeared.
Olney Spear of Hay wards was declared
the champion chopper as he cut a large
eucalyptus log >n two in just two minutes.
If. Herbrand of San Lorenzo was second,
J. L. Lyon of Oakland third and H. W.
Dockland of Alameda did not tinish.
Colonel Lyon created much amusement
before the contest parading the grounds
with an ax silver plated, and labeled
"Free Silver," and a red edge. This he
said meant silver or blootl; so if
you don't want blood pive us free silver."
The events and the prize-winners in
order were as follows:
Boys' race, atres 12 to 15— W. Lucio, San
Lorenzo; N. I're^cott, Alumeda; L. Pope,
Berkeley.
111 1 <iirl^' 'race, apes 12 to 15— Alma Hmni'trm,
I Haywards; Klla French, Alamedn; Bessie
Hathaway, San Lorenzo.
Boys' race, under 12— Harold Gr^er, Oak
1 land"; Charles O'Comor, San Lorci.zo; Cou
| stant Robinson, Oak'nnd.
Girls' race, under 12— May French, Alameda;
Hedwijf Tychnen, San Lorenzo; Ora Arm
strong. San Lorenzo.
Young ladies' race—Miss Mattie Pelton. San
Leati'lro; Ethel Cook, Oakland.
Free-for-i;ll men's race— First beat, Al La
cunha and Ed Well*, Hnyward>; t<econ<l heat,
\V. K. an i K. H. Owens, Berkeley; final heat,
Al Lacunha first, W. K. Owens, second.
Free-for-all women's rnce— Miss Christiana
Hamilton, Haywards; Miss May Greer, Oak
land.
Fat men's race— J. D. Armstrong, San Lo
renro, 245 pounds; Dr. \V. 11. tiinimons, Oak
land.
Fut women's race— Mrs. .T. B. Greear, Oak
land ; Mrs. Hevehran, West Oakland.
Egg race — Mrs. I'awline, Alameda; Mrs.
Pennycook, Oakland.
Sack race— John Armstrong, Berkeley; F. C.
Pawling, Alameia; F. A. Pearsoi, Haywards.
10-yard run— Ed Wells, Haywards; E. H.
Owens, Berkeley.
l'a.-t consul commanders race— J. V. Haley,
Haywards; J. \V. Unas. San Lenndro.
Camp clerks' race— A. A. WreUe, West Oak
land; P. WliWrt, Havwards.
Commltteenien's nice— J. W. Haas, San Le
amlro; A. A. Wrede, West Oakland; J. K.
Jeffries, West Oakland.
Tugs-of-wur— Peralta Camp, Berkeley, vs.
Oakland Cainj>, Oakland, won by former in
three minute*; Old Orchard Camp, San
Lorenzo, vs. Maple Camp, Centerville, tiejafter
fifteen Bftlaßtea; Cypress Camp, Haywards. vs.
Spruce Camp, Alameda, won by former at the
signal.
Each contestant named received a prize
and more than n dozen irate prizes were
distributed. The prize for the camp taking
the most prizes was a loving-cup from the
South Sea islands and was taken by
Cypress Camp of Haywards.
JORDAN'S TASK.
The County Clerk'a Office Making Prog
ress Struggling With the Great
Kegister.
OA KLAND, Cal., May 9.— County Clerk
Jordan and his staff <are hard at work on
the stupendous task of writing 44,000
names on the great and precinct registers,
with all the facts set forth in the affidavits
as to personal descriptions, nativity, resi
dence, educational qualification, etc., to
be each carefully examined, located in
proper precincts, numbered and tiled al
phabetically and names to be addressed on
envelopes for sample ballots, the neces
sary comparisons, checking and arrange
ment for the printers, with the addressing
and mailing of 22,000 postal cards— all this
in adildition to the rapidly increasing
worn of the office in connection with the
courts and Board ot Supervisors.
Mr. Jordan was the first County Clerk
in the State to undertake this work, and
was, at first, subjected to some criticism
from clerks in other counties, but the lat
ter, who are now beginning the work they
hoped they would not be required to do,
are writing to him for points and general
information. The increased work thrown
upon his office by the new mode of regis
tration has compelled the employment at
his own expense of a considerable number
of additional clerks.
Still Erecting Poleg.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 9 - Delanoy is
meeting with no resistance from the
powers tnat be and is going ahead witn
his work. He says he will have 500 more
posts here next week and has now twenty
five men employed. Speaking of tlie
opposition be expected to encounter Mr.
Delanoy remarked that "'the Trustees are
the worst kuocked-out lot of men in Ala
meda and remind me of spanked babies
tied up to a bedpost." They so far have
have not squalled, and it is conjectured
will do nothing until the injunction suit
is settled.
PEARSON AS A MASCOT,
He Unseated His Arch-Enemy
Wilson at the Recent
Convention.
OLD TROUBLES ARE REVIVED.
The Orator Says the Success of the
Primary Men Was Doe to
His Color.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 9. )"
Thomas Pearson, the colored orator,
says he is tlfe mascot of the colored wing
of the Republican party in the county.
There is likely to be further trouble over
the unseating of the appointed delegates at
Sacramento and the seating of those
electee! at primaries in this county.
The interest is now centered in the col
ored voters of the Republican party, and
has revived the old feud between the two
winps of the Afro-American four hundred
in this city.
It all comes from the fact that J. B.
Wilson wa^forced to vacate bis seat in
favor of Thomas Pearson. J. B. Wilson is
the editor of an organ of the race pub
lished in San Francisco, and a few months
ago he printed some remarks that led to a
case of libel in the Police Court. The
whole of the colony in Oakland was inter
ested in the event, and although the Judge
found the editor guilty at the first trial a
jury acquitted him on the second.
The many bitter things* said and done in
the court widened the breach, and when
politics became active the two leaders each
appeared at the head of their respective
parties and demanded ;ecofruition. Their
demands were granted. J. B. Wilson,
who lives in the Fiftieth Assembly Dis
trict, was one of the delegates appointed
to the Sacramento convention. He was
especially jubilant over the fact that the
State Central Committee recognized the
appointed delegates, and laughed long and
loudly at his confrere's plipht.
Thomas Pearson was the colored dele
gate elected for the Forty-eighth Assem
bly District, and is a stanch supporter of
primaries. He went to Sacramento feel
ing rather blue, but he jumped six feet in
the air when he heard the report of the
committee on credentials. The appointed
delegates were in the seats set apart for
Alameda County, and tliey were loth to
vacate them.
Mr. Pearson sent a messenger to J. B.
Wilson to tell him that the primary men
wanted his seat. Mr. Wilson was highly
displeased and Mr. Pearson waa radiant
with jubilation,
Since that time Mr. Pearson tans been
telling of the incident all over town, and
Mr. Wilson is anxious to stop him. but bo
far has not succeeded.
"Very funny thing," said Mr. Pearson
to-night. "It was a cola day in Sacra
mento, and I was tickled to see my old
friend in my seat. He had just warmed
it nicely for n;e. I sat down with great,
pleasure. I tell you I'm the wisest of the
colored Republicans of Alameda County.
I always come up smiling, and the best
thine the primary men ever did was to
put me on their ticket."
CLASS DAY EXERCISES.
Students of the State University
Observe Their Annual Day
of Festival.
Closirg of ihe Flower Show — Award
List— U. C Glee Club Give Their
Last Concert This Year.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 9.— To-day was
class day at the State University and the
occasion was elaborately celebrated.
The members of the graduating class ap
peared in costume, the ladies wearing
wtiite from heaa to foot and the gentle
men sporting black plug hats and whit 3
duck trousers.
The sophomores of the year just passed
wore their new junior plugs, adorned with
various selections from the college yell
and the '98 class yell, together with "skull
and cross bones," in honor of the Bourdon
"rush" victory of the class of '98. All day
the new juniors gathered in groups and
held bat-smashing rushes, and by night
there were but few of the new plugs left
without many marks of hard usage.
The new sophomores, freshmen until to
day, wore mortar-boards and practiced
singing the song they have hitherto de
spised, "The Jolly Sophomore."
The exercises in commemoration of the
day began at 10:30 o'clock this morning
at "Founders' Rock." A slab of Tennes
see marble has been placed in the rock by
the class of '96, and on it, engraved in gold
letters, are the words, "'Founders' Rock,
May 16, 1860. Inscribed May 9, 1896."
The rock is one on which the trustees of
the old College of California met when
they dedicated the grounds cUosen as a site
for the State University.
The senior class, led by the university
band and followed by many visitors,
gathered around the rock and listened to
addresses by Galen M. Fisher '96, Dr. E.
S. Willey of San Francisco and President
Kellogg.
After the exercises at Founders' Rock
the class pilgrimage took place under the
leadership of the U. C. band. Raymond J.
Rub? made a brief address at the Chemistry
building. Benjamin H. Ramsdell spoke
the farewell to the Library building for the
class, and at North Hall a speech was
made by Arthur W. North.
Over 6000 people gathered in the natural
amphitheater behind the Chemistry build
in*, known as "Ben Weed's Amphi
theater."
The exercises opened with an address of
greeting by A. C. Wyckoff, president of
the class of '96, after which Joan L. Whit
tenmeyer read the class history.
The class prophecies were read by Frank
L. Argall. Miss Ethel R. Farnham and
Willarct D. Thompson.
The next event was the "Arrival of
Farmer Simkins," whose wife accom
panied him. The two, who were Ned
Blake and George Noble, proceeded to dis
pense fantastic and suggestive presents to
members of the graduating class. There
were some hard hits in the gifts offered
and much amusement was created.
The class-day poem, "To the University
of California," was by Miss Bertha T.
Bradley, daughter of Professor C. B. Brad
ley.
The class committee in charge of to-day's
celebration was as follows: Forenoon —
Martin O. Flaherty, Albert O. Warner,
Joseph O'Connor, Miss Ada G. Little, Miss
Mabel Symmes; afternoon— Raymond J.
Russ, Phillip L. Bush, F. Herbert Dam.
Galen M. Fisher, Lou D. Whipple, Miss
Ethel R. Farnham.
Nearly all the Greek-letter fraternities,
according to the usual custom, entertained
their friends at luncheon.
The general criticism offered with rela
tion to the afternoon performances in the
amphitheater was that they did not
approach in excellence the exercises of
last year, when more of a spectacular
show was presented. The class of '96
instead of spending the entire amount
raised through the graduating assessment
decided to turn over the surplus to the
Le Conte fellowship fund.
Flower Show Award*.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 9.— Berkeley's
Ruction Sales
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-331 utter St.. above Gtant Are
AT SALESROOM TO-MORROW,
Monday. .....May 11, 1896,
' • At 10:30 o'clock A. M.,
I WILL SELL THE
Furniture of a 30-Room Lodging-Hous*
and 3 Private Residences,
• „ ' ... CONSISTING OF
Oak, Cherry and Walnut Chamber Sets, 30 "A seta
and Mattresses, Parlor Upholstery, Lounges, Chif-
foniers, Bookcases, Couches, etc
ALSO SPECIAL SALE! SPKCIAL SALE!
NEXT TfKSDAY, at salesroom at 11 a. m., I
will sell a $5000 stock ofMen's and Youths' Cloth-
ing, .Ladies' and Gents' Underwear, Hosiery, Neck-
wear, Embroideries, Laces, Corsets, Threads, Dry
Goods. Fancy Goods and Notions, New Goods.
Particulars Tuesday morning.
• a. BA6CH. Auctioneer.
AUCTIOX_SALE !
SPECIAL SALE FOR LADIES I
PRESENTATION SALE!
JAPANESE IB ..ORIiKTAI, GOODS.
410 Kearny Street.
TO-MORROW.
M0nday........... .........May 11, 1896
At 2 P. M. "'
AT AUCTION,
A Mammoth stock of Japanese, Chinese and
Oriental Goods, consigned by an old merchant of
Chinatown, to be sol 1 regardless of cose.
At the close of each sale two or more Elegant
Presents will be given to the Ladles attending the
sale, free or an.- charge.
Chairs teseiyed for ladies.
F. T. KEELAR, Auctioneer.
flower show, which opened yesterday morn
ing at Shattuck Hall, closed at 10 o'clock
to-night, after a most successful period of
existence. The exhibits surpassed in beauty
and arrangement anything of the kind
that has ever before been held in Berke
ley. Following were the awards of prizes:
AMATEUR UNSKILLED LABOR.
1. Largest and be« f collection of roses, Mrs.
Morrow; "History ot tlr- University, " by Pro
fessor W. Carey Jones. Warren Cheney; "A
Study of Roses," by Miss Louise Carpenter.
2. Roses, best twelve varieties, Joseph Love;
Bohemian vase.
3. Roses, best six varieties, Mrs. W. H. Pr.y
son; decorated plate.
AMATEUR SKILLED LABOR.
1. Roses, largest and best collection, J. F.
Sims: Doulton vase.
2. Roses, best twelve, J.F.Sims; blue delft
dish.
3. Roses, best six, J. F. Sims; silver preserve
spoon.
4. Pelargoniums, best collection, J. F. Sims;
Pompeian vase.
5. Hoses, best one, exhibitor's name un
known; jardiniere.
6. Ferns, best display, Mr. Sims; blue
cracker-jar.
7. Esciischoltzias, Miss Bolton, Peralta Park;
pen and ink sketch by Mrs. Charles Keeler.
8. Pansies, best display, Miss Goldstein.
U. Tuberous plants, Mr. Sims; jardiniere.
Will Organize a Church.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 9.— The South
Berkeley Presbyterian Church will be or
ganized* to-morrow at South Berkeley
Hall. The exercises will be he'd at 11:30.
Rev. T. P. Gray of the San Francisco
Tiipological Seminary will preach the
sermon.
The Presbyterial committee, consisting
of Rev. Dr. H. A. Ketchum, Elder A.
Ross and Rev. J. F. Ackers, will perform
the organization by the public reception
of those who are to become charter-mem
bers of the new church. Following this
will be the election and ordination of
elders.
Contractors in a Squabble.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 9. — Will
Schmidt and George Stutt, two street con
tractors, engaged in a quarrel this morn
ing regarding the driving of carts over the
property on Wheeler street which Schmidt
is erading.
It is said that before the set-to was over
Swett seized a heavy club and knocked
down one oi Schmidt's horses. Business
jealousy appears to have been the original
cause oi the conflict.
Bishop Nichols Will Preach.*
BERKELEY, Cal., May 9.— The Rieht
Rev. W. F. Nichols, D. D., Bishop of Cali
fornia, will preach at St. Mark's Episcopal
Church to-morrow evening at 7:30. He
will administer the rite of confirmation
to a ciftss which has been formed.
President Kellogg's Keceptlon.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 9.— President
Martin Kellogg oi the State University
gave his annual reception to the senior
class last night at bis home on Bushnell
place.
WILL HAVE TO EXPLAIN
The Rosso Cottage License Causes
Municipal Officials Much
Trouble.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 9.— There is
trouble between tne Chief of Police and
the License Collector's office regarding the
Rosjo cottage. The matter came before
the Council committee and the Chief said
the License Collector had tola him proper
arrangements to run the quarter out had
been made and therefore he could not
close it.
The law says no place can run without a
license, nor can a license be transferred
only by the Council, and the Chief's state
ment made the matter look rather queer.
Collector Cole denies that he ever told
Chief L'oyd that the license bad been
transferred. The officers will all be before
the Council Monday to explain ma ters.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 9.— The Zanzicg
give their farewell performance to-morrow
(Sunday) evening.
Monday evening Richard Mansfield
opens with "Beau Brumm^l," presenting
"Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" Tuesday night.
This important attraction will be greeted
by the largest and most brilliant audiences
of the season. Mansfield's admirers here
are many and ardent, and great interest is
manifested in his appearance.
The Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Com«
pany, including the famous Rossow brotn
ere (lilliputian athletes), will be seen at
the Macrtonough next Thursday evening.
.ntejjEpl
IDftfit
imdloirl
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist . has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
1516
TRICKY WORK
OF HUNTINGTON.
Secret Contracts Being Made
With San Joaquin
Shippers.
LOWER RATES OFFERED.
One of the Methods to Be Used
Against the Competing
Valley Road.
AFTEE THE WHEAT-GROWERS.
How the Matter Is Viewed by a
Prominent Merchant of the
Locality Affected.
Engrossed as C. P. Huntington's mind
must necessarily be with the attempt to
Dass a funding bill in Congress and to win
the suit pending in the Federal court in
this City to prevent a reduction in rates
by the State Railroad Commission, he has
still found time apparently to formulate a
plan by means of which he expects to con
trol a considerable portion of the trans
portation business of the San Joaquin
Valley for some time to come, in spite of
the advent of the Vulley road in that sec
tion of the State.
From a gentleman who is a large grain
grower and prominent in commercial
circles in the San Joaquin Valley and who
is now on a visit to this City, it is learned
that the Southern Pacilic Company now
has, and for some time has had, a large
corps of solicitors throughout the San
Joaquin Valley at the points which the
Valley road will touch, whose business it
is to make transportation contracts with
the large shippers of grain, as well as with
the more prominent merchants.
These contracts, according to the state
ment of tne gentlemen named, are drawn
for three years, provide for all transporta
tion business being done exclusively with
the Southern Pacific, and in return for this
the railroad company makes special rates,
considerably lower than those now in
force.
The wort of these solicitors is done in a
quiet and exceedingly cautious manner.
For this course there are two gooa reasons.
assigned. It is, of course, a most impor
tant requisite that the intending competi
tor of the Southern Pacific shall not be
made aware of what is beine done in this
direction, in order that the desired object —
that of freezing out this competitor from
its due share of business — may be accom
plished.
A further reason, and one not less
important, is that the contracts thus made,
giving as they do a lower rate to some
persons than are given to the general
public, are a violation of that clause of the
State constitution which prohibits dis
crimination in rates, reading as follows:
No discrimination in charges or facilities for
transportation shall be made by any railroad
or other transportation company between
places and persons, or the facilities for the
transportation of the same classes of freight or
passengers within the State or coming from or
going to any other State.
So carefully have the emissaries of the
Southern Pacific carried on their opera
tions that tneir work has not attracted
public attention heretofore, although they
have been at work for some weeks.
The Call's informant, for obvious rea
sons, does not desire to have his name di
vulged, as he was one of those approached
by an agent of the Southern Pacific. He
declined their overtures, however, as he
realized, he said, what would be the result
if the machinations of this corporation
were furthered by those whom the San
Joaquin road is designed to deliver from
the bondage of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. That this gentleman understands
the full import of the scheme of the Hunt
ington monopoly is shown in the words in
which he expressed himself.
"I cannot understand," he said, "how
any man with sound sense can be induced
to bind himself to the Southern Pacific
Company at this critical period for three
years. Surely every one wbo ships a
pound of freight out of the valley must
understand that any favors that are
granted, or appear to oe granted, by the
Souther Pacific at this time are simply
proffered in order that the path and
progress of the competing road now near
ing completion may be made difficult and
its operation, if possible, unprofitable.
"They seemingly do not realize that this
is not one of those projects that, owing to
the lack of capital, is likely to be bought
or controlled by Huntington & Co. They
lose sight of the fact that its head and
most enthusiastic projector is a man who
has undertaken to give the people of Cali
fornia a genuine competing railroad ; that
ne and his associates have the necessary
capital, perseverance and ability to cope
with the great monopoly, and, what is
more, have the desire and determination
to win victory in this great battle of
money, brains and principle.
"If the people of the San Joaquin Val
ley make any combination with the South
ern Pacific Company that is designed to
tamper or interfere in any way with the
progress and prosperity of the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
they will simply be thwarting tho efforts
of those whose interests are very closely
allied to their own, and any injury that
may result to the Valley road will be
reflected and intensified among them
selves. For the good reputation of the
valley, for its future welfare, for the wel
fare of the State, I should be extremely
sorry to learn that this latest scheme con
cocted by the Southern Pacific to retain its
monopolistic grip on the richest section of
the State is even partially successful."
SCHOOL OF METHODS.
New Plan of Campaign Adopted by the
Women* Christian Temperance
Union.
PLEASANTON, Cal., May 9.— The Ala
meda County Christian Temperance Union
will hold a school of methods here next
Monday and Tuesday, when it is expected
there will be quite a gathering of noted
women present. The officers of the county
organization are: President, Mrs. N. Joli
don; vice-preaident-at-large, Mrs. Lydia
A. Prescott; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Mary Bartlett; recording secretary, Mrs.
Alice E. Bangs; treasurer, Mrs. Hattie
McMath; auditor, Mrs. Grace M. Kimball.
The meeting will open Monday afternoon
with a symposium on "Why Woman
Should Have the Ballot." Among the
speakers there will be Miss Sarah Sever
ance, State superintendent of franchise;
Mrs. Alice StocKer, president of the Ala
meda County Political Eqality Club;
Mrs. E. <i. Green, State evangelist; Mrs.
G. F. Singer, of Chicago and Mrs. Lydia
Prescott, county superintendent of fran
chise.
In the evening "The Eleventh Amend
ment" will be considered by Miss Sarah
Severance; "Suffrage in Its Relation to
Philanthropy." by Mrs. Rev. Alfred Dock
ing; "Who Are the Women That Want
the Ballot?" by Mrs. Nellie Biissing
Eyster.
On Tuesday the subject to be considered
will be "The Importance of the Social
Purity Department," which will be opened
by Dr. Annie Miller; "Social Purity," by
Mrs. J. E. Russell; "What Can I Do tb
Promote Social Purity?" Mrs. A. Brad
shaw; "Promotion of Purity," Mrs. Mary
A. Teats; "How to Conduct a Parlor
Meeting," Mrs. J. H. Rhodes; "The Re
lation of Parlor Meetings to the W. C. T.
U.," Mrs H. H. Luse; "Plan of Work for
Sunday-schools," Mrs. Hattie McMath.
During the afternoon Mrs. Treffay will
consider the question, "Are the Children
Neglected?" Mrs. H. C. Ingram on,
"\\ hat Is It to Me?" and "Scientific Fa
mily Culture," by Mrs. E. G. Greene. "The
Juvenile Work" will be considered by
Miss Mabel Palmer; "Our Children," by
Mrs. Veva Dunham. The illustrated lec
ture, "The House We Live Tn," by Mrs.
Nellie Eyster, will be given especially for
mothers and the young people.
The school will close with an address
Tuesday evening on "The Child and the
State,""by Mrs. E. C. Greene, state super
intendent of mothers' meetings.
AFRO-AMERICAN LEAGUE,
Annual Congress to Meet in Los
Angeles on August n
This Year.
Steps Being Taken to Prepare Statis
tics of the Race in the United
States.
The Afro-American Congress will meet
at Los Angeles August 11. President Mor
ton issued the following call yesterday:
San Francisco, May 9, 1896.
To the members of the A fro-A neriecM Lt agues of
California : Pursuant to a resolution adopted
by the Afro-American Congress August tJ, 1895,
you are hereby notified that the second an
nual congress "of the Afro-American leagues
of this State will convene in the city of Los
Angeles on Tuesday, Augun 11, lS9«i, at, 1
p. M., and continue in afternoon and evening
sessions until the business of the congress is
completed.
Tnder section 9 of the constitution you are
entitled to one delegate for every tifteen mem
bers of your league to represent the several
leagues in the annual congiv>-
It is highly important for each league to ob
tain and furnish the delegates with the statis
ties ot the race, to be prepared with rs much
accuracy as possible, giving the population of
the county from which the delegates come and
in which" the league is located — that is, the
total number of men, women and children m
the race in each county; the number engaged
in business pursuits, their different occupa
tions; the number of property-owners, the es
timated value of property owned by tnem, and
any other data that may 'lie important for tha
members of the congress to possess, and that
can be used to the advantßgfi of tiie race his
torically. This is a very important mutter,
and it is most earnestly urged upon the differ
ent leugues the necessity of obtaining these
statistics and providing the delegates with
them for use by the congrt---.
All leagues organized in the State before the
assembling of the congress, Republican in
politics, and who are in sympathy and accord
with the objects, purpose* and aims of the
Afro-American leagues of this State, are
hereby requested to send delegates to the con
gress to represent their respective leagues, in
accordance with the provisions herein enum
erated, under which leagues already estab
lished will be represented.
Original credentials must be furnished to
the delegates, and a ropy of same, prop'-rly at
tested, forwarded to T. \V. Troy, secretary, 715
East Third street, Los Angeles", Cal., who will
make up the roll for the eoojCffi
We call upon our clergy aud the press and
every friend of the race to do all iv their
power to make this coming congre c s a grand
success in every particular, and thus ben 'tit
in a most practical way a race that is loyal to
the Government and true to every Instinct
and aspiration of liberty. Every member of
the race should regard" it as his duty, even
though some self-sacrifice be necessary, to at
tend the sessions of this congress if possible.
We are ambitious to fill places of honor and
trust, and this should be coupled with the
faculty to administer public affairs. Our peo
ple deserve some recognition politically, and
we must by numbers and a united effort de
mand that -we shall not be overlooked in the
iuture as we have been in the past.
T. B. Morton. President,
J. P. Hr.MMKits. Secretary,
Afro-American Leagues of Caliioruia.
The congress will be composed of dele
gates from the following organizations:
Los Angeles County — J. C. Jackson, presi
dent; wyjiam Prime, secretary,
Pasadena— A. j. Roberts, president; T. W.
Troy, secretary; L. C. Young, corresponding
secretary; T. J. Geary, president; J. Bunch,
secretary; all in lx>s Aneeles County.
Cottonwood, Shasta County — Krank Wil
liams, president; Wilson Bolding, secretary.
Dos i'alos, Merced County — Key. A. N. Hau
man, president; Robert Jlines, secretary; T.
B.Morton, president; Abraham Strainer, sec
retary, San Francisco.
Fresno County— J. M. Bridges, president;
George W. Gray, secretary.
Anderson League, Shasta County — Rev.
James Greer, president; A. D. Cherry, sec
retary.
Riverside County League —R. G. Lamor,
president; I). S. Stokes, secretary, Riverside.
San Benito County League— Scott Gilmore,
president; Joseph Parks, secretary, Hollister.
Chico League— Peter Powers, president.
Redding League— F. A. Sample, president;
R. H. A. Johnson, secretary.
San Bernardino League— M. C. Rouce, presi
dent; William H. Duncan, secretary.
Redlands League— Rev. J. H. Clisby, presi
dent; C. H. Rouce, secretary.
Woodlands League — S. H. Hogan, president:
Rev. G. W. Petway. secretary.
Tulare County League— Wiley Eines, presi
dent.
Kern County League— R. W. Houston,
president; J. G. Price, secretary, Oakland.
San Joaquin County League — Dudley
Sebree, president; H. A. Collins, secretary,
Stockton.
Alameda County League— Abraham Hol
land, president; J. F. Summers, secretary,
Oakland.
Sauta Clara County League— Jacob Overton,
president; Robert Evans, secretary, San Jose.
Yuba County League — J. C. Jenkins, presi
dent; A. D. Wall, secretary, Marysville.
Red Bluff League — C. E. Christian, president.
Redwood City League— E. Coleman, presi
dent; William Mitchell, secretary.
Hanford League— Charles Stevenson, presi
dent; — Woods, secretary.
Coluta League — George Shuggard, president;
A. E. Drisdom, secretary.
Santa Rosa League — J. H. White, president;
Francis Helton, secretary.
Paso Robles League— Rev. R. H. Hunter,
president; J. C. Roberts, secretary.
"In view of the coming campaign this
session of the congress will be the most
important in its history," said President
Morton yesterday. "There are many
matters of interest not only to ourselves
but the public at large to be considered.
The colored vote in this State now numbers
about 7000, and we feel that it is time some
acknowledgment was made for the good
we have done the Kepublican party."
The Bay State Restaurant.
A large crowd was entertained last even
ing at the Bay State restaurant, 13 and 15
Stockton street, by the proprietor, Max
Adler, and his assistants, the occasion
being the formal opening of the place since
its enlargement. Under Mr. Adler's man
agement this restaurant has acquired such
popularity that he found his old quarters
inadequate to accommodate his trade and
he has added the adjoining store, No. 13,
to his former quarters. In the new part is
located the bar, as well as the gentlemen's
entrance to the main dining-room, which
is located in the rear. The old number is
used for a separate entrance for ladies.
Twenty new private dining-rooms have
been added and the place has been reno
vated and repainted throughout. The Bay
State is famous for such delicacies as frogs'
legs, terrapin, etc., also for broiled steaks
and chops, ana is well patronized by epi
cures who appreciate the excellence of the
menu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
VERY REV, PRIOR VAUGHN,
A Brother of the Cardinal of
Westminster Is in the
City.
IS A COUSIN OF WOLSELEY.
The Churchman Received With Great
Distinction in Australia — Will Ec
Here Some Time.
Among the distinguished arrivals here
yesterday by the steamer Monowai was the
Very Rev. Prior Vaughn of Manchester,
England, wbo has been making a tour of
the Australian colonies, and who Mas been
received everywhere with great considera
tion ana courtesy.
Very Rev. Prior Vaughn is the brother
of the Cardinal Archbishop of West
minster and is the cousin of Sir Charles
The Very Rev. Prior Vaughn, Brother of the Cardinal of Westminster, and His
Secretary, Gerald Petre, Kclativc of the Duke of >orthrup.
[Sketched from life by a "CaU" artisL]
Wolseley. His younger brother, Colonel
Vaughn, Sir Charles Wolseley and othor
relatives are connected by marriage with
American families.
The notable churchman is accompanied
on his travels by Gerald Petre, a cousin of
Lord Petre, and who is aiso a connection
of the Duke of Norfolk.
The prior is a striking appearing man of
upward of 50 years, with a full, serious, vet
open countenance. Mr. Petre, who, the
prior said, had Kindly consented to accom
pany him and act as his secretary, is also
a man distinguished in appearance.
The gentlemen are at the Occidental in
company with several ministers of the
Episcopal church, who were fellow pa -
sengers on the Monowai. They will prob
ably spend some little time in California,
The prior dictated the following in re
card to where he and Mr. Petre had been
hitherto:
"We have visited all the Australian
colonies and have been received witn great
distinction by the leading men of the colo
nies, Governors and others, as well as the
heads of all the church?*."
This is the first time, he said, that he
had been on American soil. He referred
to Colonel Vaughn, his younger brother,
and to Sir Charles Wolseley, his cousin,
and other relatives who were connected by
marriage with American families.
"I have conceived a high estimate of the
American people," he said, "and am look
ing forward with great interest and lively
expectation of finding ideals realized on
this trip through America."
The distinguished churchman has ad
dressed many large audiences in Australia.
He is a very eloquent and impressive
divine.
ONE THUMB TOO MANY,
Abe Marks, Three Weeks Old,
Had Two of Them on His
Right Hand.
The Superfluity Was Amputated by
Dr. Weil at the Receiving
Hospital.
A baby boy, three weeks old, with two
thumbs on his right hand was a subject
of great interest at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday morning.
The baby, Abe Marks, was taken to the
hospital by his mother, Mrs. Marks, who
lives at 364 Minna street. He is a bright
little fellow, healthy and strong. His
father died a few days after nis birth.
Mrs. Marks told Dr. Weil that after the
baby was born she noticed the two thumbs
Abe Marks, the Infant Phenomenon,
Whose Specialty Until Yesterday Was
the Possession of Three Thumbs.
on bis right band. It worried her so to
think that he would be deformed for life
that she had called at the hospital as soon
as she was able to see what could be done.
Dr. Weil said the best thing to do would
be to amputate the unnecessary thumb.
It would leave a slight scar for life, but
that would be much better than having
the two thumbs.
Mrs. Marks consented to the operation
and it was quickly performed by Dr. Weil.
The baby bore the operation like a veteran
and scarcely made a whimper.
The accessory thumb, which was ampu
tated, grew out in a straight line from the
metacarpal bone and was of perfect shape
and as long as the other.
Dr. Weil says that physical phenomena
of thu nature are not by any means rare.
SHE'S AN ACTRESS NOW
Suits Against Mr*. Lucy Anzerali Hoyte
and Her Husband for Service*
and Printing.
The career of Mrs. Lucy Auzerais Hoyte
as a professional actress has reached that
pomt — common to nearly all Thespians —
where summons to answer actions at law
are of frequent occurrence.
Her recent venture in opening the Al
cazar Theater with a big company was
apparently not a success, for several suits
have been begun to recover amounts
claimed to be due for professional services,
printing and other things absolutely neces
sary for a theatrical company. Emile
Dreyfous wants $244 for music furnistied
the Hoyte combination, Francis <fc Valen
tine would like $178 for printing, while 8.
Burkes claims that $124 is due him for ser
vices rendered.
MILLIONS IN HIS MIND,
C. H. Billings, a Stockton Res
taurant Man, in a
Padded Cell.
His Wife and Four Young Children
Are Left Penniless in a
Strange City.
C. H. Billing*, who imagines himself to
be a multi-millionaire, was found wander
ing about the streets yesterday morning,
and was taken to the City Prison and later
placed in a padded cell in the Receiving
Hospital.
Billings is a restaurant man, and some
time ago, while in Stockton, sola out and
went to Sonora. He opened a restaurant
there, but sold out lately and returned to
Sotckton.
He and his wife and foui children arrived
here on Tuesday morning from Stockton.
They stopped at the Occidental Hotel for
two days and then engaged rooms at 303
Jessie street.
His wife had not seen him for two days,
and when she called at the City Prison
yesterday morning with her children In
quiring for him she was astonished to
learn that he was in the insane ward at
the hospital. She could assign no reason
for his mental derangement. To her
knowledge he had not met with any busi
ness reverses, but she could not under
stand where his money had gone and she
and her children were penniless. He had
often told her that he was a distant rela
tive of Millionaire Hillings of Moniana, and
he had come here to see if a part of the
estate had been left him. He also claimed
to be a relative of Josh Billings.
The police had been searching for Bil
lings for two o.' three days. The banks
had complained about him. He had been
sending in checks for fabulous amounts.
A complaint had also been received about
him from Montana, as he had been keep
ing the telegraph wires hot with demands
for his share of the Billings millions,
although notified that he was not a rela
tive. His surplus cash has been spent in
telegrams.
Billings' four children were sent by the
police to the Day Home, on Hayes street,
and the police are helping Mrs. Billings to
find two of her uncles, who live in the
City, so that she can get temporary
shelter with them.
THE BALLOON CHRISTENING.
A Novel Ceremony and an Ascension at
the Chutes To-Day.
The big new balloon "Chute 9" was In
flated and tested yesterday, and every
thine seems propitious for her first voyage
this afternoon. All is in readiness for the
christening, which will be an event quite
out of the ordinary for San Francisco.
James Swinnerton will act as godfather,
and the monstrous white airship will soar
aloft with all kinds of eclat.
Miss Leila Adair, the adventurous Aus
tralian aeronaut, who proudly claims the
record-breaking parachute jump of 7000
feet, will be the first to test the new bal
loon, and bhe is naturally most anxious for
a pleasant day, as this will be her first as
cension in America.
The Haight-street grounds will be
opened at 10 o'clock this morning and
things will be in operation till 11 to-night.
— • — «, — •
St. Bernard Dog* Attached.
Sheriff Whelan has added a pair of blooded
St. Bernard dogs to his already large collection
of livestock, and E. P. Schell, their owner, will
be compelled to part with their company until
he produces $19 50 to satisfy a claim held by
Collector Raver. A Deputy Sheriff visited the
dog show on Friday evening expecting to catch
the canines there, but they had been taken
home and were attached yesterday at Schell's
residence, 324 Clsy street.
•—»• — » »
It has been computed by a statistician
that there are now enough paupers in
Great Britain to form, if raYiged four
abreast, a procession considerably over
100 miles in length.
Stylisht.y trimmed abort-back dudes, all col
ors, f 3 50. Adcock's, lo Kearny et, •
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Arrival of the Steamship Mono
wai Yesterday From
Sydney.
KILLED B7 SOLOMON ISLANDERS
Captain H. L. Howison to Command
the Oregon— A Mexican War-
Vessel in Port.
The Oceanic steamship Monowai, Cap
tain Carey, arrived yesterday morning
twenty-six days, nine hours and thirty
minutes from Sydney by way of Auckland,
Apia and Honolulu. She brought an un
usually large passenger list, of wiiich the
following named came in the cabin:
John Mills is one of the principal share
holders in the Union steamship line to
which belongs the Monowai. R. V. Web
ster ia a wealthy tea-planter from Ceylon
making a tour of the world. Joseph I.
Sheerin, a prominent architect from Syd
ney who designed all the principal build
ings of that city, is traveling around the
world. W. G. Irwin is the agent of the
Oceanic Steamship Company in Honolulu.
From the passengers of the Monowai de
tails of a wholesale murder of traders and
missionaries by Solomon Island head-hunt
ers are gleaned. The savages are reported
to have butchered tbe crew of a boat from
the trading brig Rio Loge, and at Rubiana
two French and one American trader
were killed. The mission on the island
had been attacked, and the white people
there begged the captain of the steamer
Titus to take them away.
The natives of the Manning Straits isl
ands are fierce and cruel, like those of the
Solomon group, and are given to cannibal
ism. Recently they lured ashore the
crews of two small trading-schooners and
put the luckless sailors to death. At
Southwest Bay, on Tounan Island, a mis
sionary named Boyd and one companion
were missing, and it is thought they have
been murdered. A number of trading
posts were found sacked and destroyed.
On the island of Nusa in the Bismarck
Archipelago a few weeks ago a chief
named Balek, who was known as a cruel
murderous man, fell into the hands of a
band of savages. He was sneared to death,
and his body roasted and eaten. The
feast lasted several hours.
The Mexican war vessel Zaragoza arrived
yesterday from Mazatlan. The following
are her officers :
Commander, Miguel Pozo; first lieutenant,
Cristobal Gonzalez Frances Ochoa; second
lieutenant, JoseServin; sublieutenants, Albert
Zenteno, Jose K. de Caceres, Francisco Riva
deneyra, Iroge A. I'ahner; midshipmen, Fristan
fannies, LuU K. I. mures, Leopoldo Tourzan,
Antonio Ortega VgnacJo Fores, Jose Melaa,
Jesus Rodrinuez.VincenteSenties.ArturoPuga;
doctor, Carlos Glass; paymaster, Lisaudro
Rocherol Francisco Quihera; first engineer,
George E. Coward; secoud engineer, Angel
Vazguez; second assistant engineers, Pedro
Casson, George E. Howard; third assistant
engineer, Pedro Gutierrez.
The vessel came to anchor off the Union
Iron Works, wxiere she will undergo re
pairs.
A number of 'change* have been made
among the assignments of naval officers at
Mare Island. Rear Admiral W. H. KirK
land, on waiting orders, has been ordered
to assume command of the navy-yard, re
lieving Captain H. L. Howison, who will
take charge of th« Oregon. Chief Engineer
G. F. Kutz is ordered to be placed on the
retired list July U6. This is at his request !
under the forty-years service lnw. Lieu- ,
tenant N. G. Sargent of the Petrel has ;
been detached and ordered home; Ensign
H. G. Macfarland, from the Concord to
the Bennington ; Passed Assistant Paymas- i
ter Edwin B. Webster, detached from the
Concord and given two months' leave of j
absence; Passed Assistant Paymaster J. S.
Phillips, detached from the Bennington
and given three months' leave.
The steamer Farallon, which sailed from
this port May 7 for Yaquina Bay, re
turned yesterday for repairs, having struck
a rock* off Little River. She was only
slightly damaged.
The battle-ship Oregon left port for
Santa Barbara Coannel yesterday morn
ing. She will begin her trial to-morrow.
Captain Carey of the steamship Mono
wai ana his daughter, Miss Violet Carey,
left for New York yesterday. They will
return in time to sail on the 'Monowai the
latter part of the month.
School teaching seems to be the most
popular of all the fields that are open to
college women. In 18.90 there were in the
United States 735 women who were pro
fessors in colleges and universities.
NEW TO : DAT.
MAY OUTER
GARMENTS AT
END-OF-SEASON
PRICES. jgfL
\ %fWi w\\ Now<9 the
11 *Jli/ j^>_^/| time — here's
9 yzP*. rf W -dr * n c place.
«^J<i2*3:;/ ViiCjZ: We're over-
mSliT" x jl. y £& stocked —
«/^^r*^T weather has
*•$ been against
-1'&//&sj7L U — bound to
* lose .sooner or
later on surplus stocks, so we have decided to
take the loss' now, when you want the gar-
ments, instead of In August. Other bargains
announced in the .Sunday Examiner.
I s WASH WAISTS.
The most complete stock of Shirt Waists In the
city— too many in fact- therefore marked at prices
usually asked at the end of the season— not one
poor style in the entire collection— perfect laundry ;
work— carefully matched yokes— the popular de-
tachable collars— and the desirable Dresden and !
Persian patterns— linen color effects are the
features of this stock. ; L~ „
Soft finish Percale Waists 50c
$1 26 Percale Waists '. 75c
Rose Pattern Dimity Waists, with separate
collars, sold everywhere at SI 75..... ....$1 25
SILK
Just one kind mentioned as a sample for. this
week's price-cuttinn— there are Dresden silks with
bishop sleeves— velvet collar and cuffs— lined
throughout— about twenty styles to select from—
98 50 Silk Waist for $6 00
TAILOR-MADE DRESSES.
The widest skirts— lined with stiff rustling lin-
ing— t>ound with velveteen— a perfect hanging
garment— made as only tailors can make them —
several new styles of lined jackets— these are great
bargains—
$10 Serge Dresses.. *6 00 !
$14 Cheviot Dresses $10 00
$16 80 Serge Dresses. $12 50
922 60 Scotch Cheviot Dresses. $16 50
SPECIAL CAPES.
' The most desirable of this season's styles— plain,
fancy and embroidered— impossible to describe
them understanding^— tie seen to be appre-
ciated— not a garment but wnat is worth one-third
more that the price asked—
$18 Cape 5 ........ $13 60 I $7 50 Capes $5 00
$14 Capes $10 00 $5 Capes ....$3 50
$10 Capes $7 60 | $3 60 Capes $175
A QUICK MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT.
KELLY &" LI EBES,
120 KEARNY STREET.
SEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. ,
BLACK
FR.E3ITCKC
GOODS!
FIVE SPECIAL BARGAINS
ONE CASE
BLACK FRENCH ARHDRES, (8 incte wide,
assorted patterns - - - - $1.25 Yard
ONE CASE
BLACK FRESCH MOHAIR IID WOOL FAS-
CIES, 20 different designs - - $1.00 Yard
ONE CASE
BLACK FRENCH WOOL FANCIES (elegant
designs) - - 75 C Yard
TWO CASES
BLACK FRENCH SERGE, 4S inches wide
- 50c Yard
TWO CASES
BLACK FRENCH DIAGONAL (wide wale),
45 indies wide ------- 50c Yard
We will also exhibit this week an ele-
gant line of NEW BLACK FRENCH CRE-
PONS, prices $1.00 to $4.00 per yard.
Samples Forwarded to Any Address.
TEUEFIIOKTE 3VT^a»I3NT 5777.
111. 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
t% . r \ v I / X
DO YOU WEAR RUSSETS?
We have the finest assortment of Russets In this
city, and our prices are the lowest. We have Kus-
sets for men. women and children. We have all
the latest styles, and at popular prices. Yon can
save money by buying from us. This week we are
making a specialty of Ladies' Tan Colored South-
ern Ties, with fine brown cloth tops and very
pointed toes and tips. We will offer them at
81.75
per pair, and to see them is to acknowledge their
worth. The stock is the best, the soles are hand-
turned, and they sell regularly for $2 50.
We never forget the little ones at home.
Infants' Tan Kid Button, cloih or kid tops,
sizes 1 to $075
Children's Tan Kid Button, spring heels, sizes
5 to 8 0 75
Children's Tan Kid Button, cloth tops, spring
heels, sizes 5 to 8 00
Children's Tan Goat Button, spring heels,
sizes 7 to 10i/ 2 100
Misses' Tan Goat Button, spring heels, sizes
11 to 2 125
Ladies' Tan Goat Button, spring heels, sizes -
tosi/b 1 50
UTS' Country orders solicited.
Xir Send for New Illustrated Catalogue,
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
HO HIT CONSU MPTIVES !
ii fa B X^iltoor's
Phosphates.
It Is worthy of all confidence. It
cures Consumption, Coughs, Colds,
Asthma, Pneumonia, Influenza, i
Bronchitis, Debility, Wasting Dis- I
eases and Scrofulous Humors.
Be sure, as you value your health, and pet the
genuine, as base imitations, said to be good as
11/11 DfIDPC COD LIVER OIL
ffflLUUn D & PHOSPHATES
Are attempted to be substituted by unprincipled
dealers. They are not, but lack the peculiar vir-
tues of this preparation. If your Druggist does not
keep it, send direct to A. B. WILBOK, Chemist,
Boston, Mass., the only Manufacturer of this
preparation.
wedding;
Invitations, Announcements C»rrt« *>• -t-
and Printed. Correct stv'e i™ J ,' lc " En *™vM
and directions for corrertior?^ m^ 2 ° sam P!^
GREATEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED
AT 151 AND 153 FOURTH ST.
MEN'S 5U1T5.....": «q on „
men's shoes: ::::::: * 3 i-" «p
MEN'S ALL-WOOL SH.'and D 8... sOc
*fW W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
en^nfi ft ' rinsof Blood. Skin and Nervous !>,«.
Bo^k ,« l },? r * TlUen u tlI , re - OverMyeare'experiei.ce.
s^sar o^r^ 0 " /reeaud
«v J" 1 BOS(;o »! MeSCLTY, M.D.,
99H Kfnmj Street, San Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL SALE
OP
GARDEN HOSE!
In Remnants of 15 to 5O Feet,
Worth Regularly 150 Der Foot.
V^ O\mS Mi
Pep Faat\^*<
IT Ely .v U \^ /TTT^w^^?
v *lllllt
EVERY PIECE GUARANTEED.
SEND IN YOUR ORDERS.
Note— Goods delivered free of charge In Sans*-
Ilto, Blithedale, Mill Valley. Tiburon, San Rafael,
Stockton, Haywards, Vaflejo. Napa, San Lorenro.
Melrose, San Leandro. Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley.
HP rK t \ THE
Ulll I ILIIUL Ü BEST
 , . TWO CURED WITH
|||g|jg||*j|| • ONE BELT.
E«br»W?S^n>s§a SEATTLE, W4« x
Sm i;: ''-'-^__^S9l October 19. ISS IS
' some time mo 1 bongrht
I T>W« one of your Electric Belts
i-'^fclr* '' for Lame Haclc. caused ny
?££•? trouble with my kidneys,
vV . and in three days time
the pain disappeared and has not troubled m«
since. Your Belt ■ almost performed a miracle in
curing my complaint, for it was so bad "f- 0 " 1 ,
wore the Belt that I was laid up in the hospi.ai
and could not \vo:k. . ,^-a
After your Belt cured me I lent it to a frifna.
and the same Belt that cured me £?} e ,o
him also. I have recommended your Be.t io
every one I could hear of wbo was sick-, ami^uau
! continue to do so hereafter, for it Is ceriamiy a
great invention. Yours truly, ...tt-ritr
I'IiANCIS VICTOR « ILBEB.
JBS- For price list and full particulars DR.
PIiiRUK'S wonderful Belts, call or write for free
"Pamohlet No. 2." . __, „__
Address-DK. PIERCE St SOg. .04! Sa-
cramento street (cor. Kearny). 2d, da ana •*•
floors, SAN FRANCISCO.THE BACHELOR MAIDS
OF MONTEREY
SEVEN young women of Monterey,
all of them bachelor maids, and
every bachelor maid of them a
school-teacher, have in a pic
turesque manner brought the
modern reform movement into associa
tion with the quaintness of the old Califor
nia capital.
They have brought the bloomer into the
old adobe dwelling pla
These girls, for they are not long out of
the Normal School, are self-reliant. Not
only are they able to ignore the sterner
sex, but they go In advance of their gen
eration so far that they can bid defiance
to the boarding-house keeper and do their
own work. They live in an ancient adobe
house, running a home oi their own, and
in a domestic way are as independent of
the world as ever new young women can
be. Their unique home establishment
grew out of di.-^atisfaction with boarding
houses and boarding-house keepers.
The young women are known as "Trie
Pleiades." They are Normal School grad
uates, and tueir exceptional self-reliance
may be ascribed to the circumstance that
they are all Californians. When they
This Pleiad Is a Crack Pistol Shot.
[From a photograph.)
went to Monterey to teach school they
encountered the inconvenience of hotel
and ■ boarding-house life. They agreed
that reform was needed, and so they held
a formpj convention i>nd resolved to bring
about a reform.
Educational subjects were not consid
ered at that teachers' meeting. On the
contrary, the entire discussion was about
the home— about the home that they
should establish for themselves.
A result of the conference was that the
teachers decided to lease an' old adobe
house, a picturesque old structure with
walls three feet thick, and with deep ver
A BIKING COSTUME WOBN BY ONE OF THE PLEIADES
andas on two sides of the many-roomed,
two-storied building. The adobe that
they obtained is the Thomas O. Larkin
place.
This house, in which dignitaries now
One of the Pleiades on a Hunting j
Excursion.
[from a photograph.]
historical were entertained in the days of
Mexican dominion, stands at the corner
of California and Alvarado streets. It is
a typical adobe building, long, low and
rambling. The tiled roof, nearly all
covered with green mos3, is in pretty con
trast to the whitewashed walls.
The old structure I ad been for years
without occupants, but in two or three
weeks the carpenters, painters and fur
nishers made it bright, homelike and
attractive.
The unique home of the girls, which
comes so near being "ideal," stands prom
inent among the historic adobes of old
Monterey.
The house was built by Thomas O. Lar
kin, in 1848. Mr. Larkin was then Ameri
can Consul at Monterey. It was the finest
structure that the adobe city could then
boa^t of. It is two-storied," with a wide
veranda running around two sides. The
courtyard in the rear is surrounded with
a high, tile-covered wall. In thisinclosure
ihe old time quadrilles were held.
In establishing their nome in the his
toric structure, the bachelor maids did not
have to entirely refurnish the building.
They found that the upper story was
quite well titled out with furniture of
Deautiful, antique design. This was all
imported by Larkin from China, and cost
thousands of dollars.
The furniture i? entirely of iron, wood
and onyx, put together without nail or
screw. Some of the tables, of which there
are several, weigh as much as 400 pounds
each. The value of each of the tables is
not less than $500.
There are lounges and divans of odd and
marvelous design. These are fifteen feet
in length and four in breadth. They have
hieh backs and ends and are covered with
. There are wide drawers that pul!
out from the front, with carved dragon
heads for knobs.
All the chairs are unwieldy, but are
handsomely carved.
One of the rocking-chairs is six feet high
and is so heavy that it cannot readily be
moved. The rockers are six or seven' feet
in length and are made of iron or steel,
bent in the shape of a wagon spring.
Men yet living remember the piano of
the Thomas O. Larkin days. That was an
imported cottage piano, in frame of rose
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SIT MAT 10, 1896.
wood. It still is in the old adobe, and is
the special delight of the bachelor maids.
Though the keys have somewhat turned
in color and are wo.-n considerably, the
tone is yet clear and sweet. This was tiie
second piano brought to this coast. The
first also is in Monterey and is owned by
Mrs. Abrego, a sister of the present owner
of the adobe mansion.
In 1850 this Larkin house, with sll its
furniture, was bought by Jacob P. Leese,
a prominent pioneer of San Francisco, and
has since fallen to his heirs. Mr. Leese
occupied the Louse up to the time of his
death in 1830.
As is well known, the house was the
scene of great festivity in the early days.'
Jacob Leese Jr., who resides in Monterey,
tells many interesting narratives of tile
old-time hospitality.
Captain Swasey of this City spent many
of his pioneer days there, as he was asso
ciated with Larkin. General Sntter was
on several occasions a guest within the
adobe wails.
All the court balls were held there, and
when any foreign officer was at Monterey
he was entertained by Larkin.
On the street, at the corner of the adobe,
is a hitching-post. This is a cannon,
which is planted muzzle downward. This
cannon was one of the three original puns
taken from the frigate Savannah to fortify
Fort Halleck.
When the enterprising young school
teachers secured a lease of the mansion,
they quickly dispelled the gloom which
long had hung about the place. In the
lower story the floors were all covered with
Japanese matting and skins. As some of
The Principal Living- Room in the Adobe Occupied by the Bachelor Maids. The Footstool Made From
the Vertebra of a Whale Is to Be Seen on the Floor. On the Table Are the Rare Old Candlesticks.
the doors connecting the rooms had to be i
fastened up to make the different suites,
the deep recesses left in the thick walls
were used as china closets, bookcases and
cabinets, and v.iih th«'ir blue embroidered
portieres and draperies one would never
dream that they were designed for any
other purpose.
Ail rooms facing upon the verandas are
immense, for in the olden times they had
quadrilles, and all the dons and ladies of
the old times in Monterey danced there.
These large Jront rooms have been util
ized by the girls as living-rooms, and the
visitor never fancies, when seeing the low.
wide divans, covered with tapestries of
artistic design and adorned with tlonncfd
pillows, that these luxurious siesta ar
rangements can be transformed into com
fortable beds. While the divans look neat
and pretty, they are useful and save room.
Screens hide the dressing tables.
A little discovery resulting from linger
ing traces of the old-fashioned feminine
curiosity added to the interest of the
Pleiades' early occupancy of the adobe.
In one of the walls was detected a little
secret recess, which in the olden days may
have been the hiding-place for the family
plate and jewels. Stowed away in that
place were found two pairs of antique
candlesticks, carved in curious design.
The young iadies have a footstool of the
vertebra of a whale, which they picked up
while on a ramble along the coast. They
are always on the alert for relics, and their
rooms are filled with rare old curiosities.
The large "living-rooms" open into a
cozy little dining-room. Where the win
dows face "upon the garden in the rear,
which used to be the pride of the Spanish
grandees, is now an inclosure with high
adobe walls where- honeysuckles, palm
trees and sweetbriars grow.
Within the adobe walls the bachelor
maids think they have an ideal home. It
is no boarding-place. There they can dis
cuss, entirely away from the world, their
own ideas. The walls have no ears, and it
would be pretty hard to hear through
three feet of adobe. One of their dearest
principles is dress reform.
They all wear tneir reform suits in the
schoolroom, and, although at first the
children stared instead of studied, they
are now used to the sight and behave as
well as they did before the innovation
which proves, the teachers say, the falsity
of the assertion that short skirts, bloomers
and leggins detract from a woman's dig
nity.
The first appearance of the bloomers
upon the streets of Monterey caused the
descendants of the men and women of the
Alcalde days to pause and ponder and
shake their heads. Not a word of ap
proval have they for the latter-day Ameri
can women who walk or ride through the
streets without the ancient and orthodox
style of skirts.
All forms of open-air exercise available
for young women are popular with the
teachers. The seventeen-mile walk or
bicycle run on Cypress drive Is frequently
indulged in. Other Monterey girls often
join the Pleiades on the pedestrian excur
sions, which include the trips to Point
Pines and the lighthouse, and sometimes
as many as twenty-rive of the "bloomer
girls" are seen together on the roads about
Monterey or Pacific Grove.
The Pleiades have distinguished them
selves in fishing and boating and at times
THIS PLEIAD IS READY FOR A SEVENTEEN-MILE JAUNT.
have interested the inhabitants of the
adobe town by their exciting boat races.
I'.luomer costumes are not worn exclu
sively. In walkins some of the girls wear
skirt's which reach to the knee?. When
they go bicvele riding, however, they woar
the unmodified bloomer?.
The bloomer suit of the Pleiad is tailor
made and graceful. It has pockets at the
sides and straps for the belt and resembles
knickerbockers, with the exception of
■rreater width. The goods is a heavy blue
blnck serge.
The wearer also has a Scotch cap with a
large mother-of-pearl ornament and a blacK
A Pleiad Who Handles a Gun Like a
Man.
[From a photograph.]
feather at the side. Her leggins are of
mole-colored corduroy and button, instead
of buckle, up the side. A light shirt waist
and patent-leather boots complete a very
comfortable and durable outing outfit, with
a belt of Mexican-stamped leather, so much
worn in the South.
All the girls are early risers, and every
morning they may be seen, tramping,
bicycling, bathing, searching the rocks for
curious shells or having a lively bout on
the tennis courts.
They have a romantic, delightful home,
and they are happy in it.
Hard to Tell Apart.
Among the many representatives that
have come on from the Indian Territory
this winter to aid Congress in legislating
for that region are two young lawyers,
both citizens of the flourishing town of
Ardmore, bearing the names of Douglass
and Ledbetter. They are both bright men
and successful in their profession, good
friends and have offices in the same build
ing. Though not at all related, they bear to
each other the most wonderful resem
blance in form and features.
They are as much alike probably as any
twins ever were, even to height and weight.
People of the town get them mixed up
constantly, and clients who get into
the wrong office take Douglass for
Ledbetter, ana vice versa. The
children of each have no more
than one occasion called the wrong man
papa. Douglass is a stanch Republican,
ami his friend is equally as stalwart a Dem
ocrat. The former is not only learned in
the law, but is a writer of capital dialect
verse.— Washington Post.
Mark Twain's Hospitality.
In his article on Mark Twain in the May
Harper, the llev. Joseph T. Twitchell re
call-, an amusing story of Mr. Clemens'
marriage. His bride's father bought and
furnished a handsome house for the young
pair, ami Mark knew nothing of it until
am-r the wedding, when it was shown him
in all its completeness by a party of his
wife's relatives, and of course his wife,
who at length broke out : "It's our house,
yours and mine, a present from father."
Everybody came to hear what he would
say. He choked up, and, with tears in his
eyes, stammered out to his lather-in-law
"Mr. Langdon, whenever you are in Buf
falo, if it's twice a year, come right up
here and bring your bag with you. You
may stay over night if you want to. It
shan't cost you a cent-"
. • — m • —
••Clean" Money.
A clerk in the redemption division of
the Treasury Department says that t!.e
"cleanest" paper money in circulation is
that which circulates in Washington,
while the dirtiest is that which comes in
from Chicago for redemption. St. Louis
is a close second to Chicago, and Cincin
nati next. New York is next to Washing
ton in the record for clean money, Phila
delphia next, while Baltimore ranks next
to Cincinnati for having dirty money. The
money that comes in from Chicago, be
sides being dirty, is always much muti
lated, so much so, he said, that there is
twice as much time consumed in patching
it up prior to cancellation as there is in
counting it. — Washington Star.
THE HOME OF THE BACHELOR MAIDS.
[From a photograph. \
THE old stage that is at present
running between San Jose and
Alviso is probably the most
ancient vehicle in use in Califor
nia to-day. Just when it was made
or by whom is a fact of which there is no
record. Judging from a careful examina
tion, however, it is likely that it is the
identical American stagecoach exhibited
at the Crystal Palace in London in 1851, a
description of which was published in the
Art Journal at the time.
The old coach is battered and worn, but j
not enough to obliterate the fine work that j
was put on it. This work is of such a
degree of excellence as to indicate that the
coach was intended for show purposes as
well as hard use. The way the paint and
varnish has lasted also indicates that an
extra quality of material was used.
All that ia known of the old coach for
certain is that it came to San Francisco in
1554, having been brought around the
Horn in a Bailing vessel. It was sold at
once and for ten years did service ia differ
ent parts of the State.
The present owner of the coach is Ed
Marlatt. He bought it about the year
1^34 and put it on the road between San
Jose and Alviso, where it has been running
ever since without any repairs except to
the wheels. It made regular connections
with the steamers that ran between this
city and Alviso and transferred all of the
passengers to San Jose. In the early days
the coaoh returned a good income and the
driver, Ed Marlatt. did a line business. He
soon acquired considerable property about
Alviso, the most valuable of all being the
big brick warehouse in which the San
Jose freight was stored until Ed's teams
could transport it to its destination. Ed
was the king of that section of the coun
try in those days and could have been a
Senator had he wanted to.
The broad-gauge railroad made the first
cut at the business of the old stage, and
Alviso began to lose some of its import
ance. But when the narrow gauge went
directly through the little town that settled
it. The wharves began to rot away and
the idle warehouses to fall to pieces. But
there was always a little business until the
steamboat line put on its own stage to San
Jose.
But Ed never for a moment thought of
going away. Not much. He and his old
coach hadhelped to make the town and
he intended to stick to it even though he
didn't mane a cent. And he has stuck to
it. in spite of the fact thru things kept get
ting worse every day. As Ed had no use
for the warehouse he concluded to use it
for a stable instead of paying rent else
where. Somewhat later he decided to
move into the warehouse himself and save
that much more. And there he has been
domiciled for several years.
Ed's business is at present confined al
most entirely to the transportation of
Chit.ese. He has a corner on this busi
ness, as he curries them between San Jose
and Alviso for 10 cents. On such days as
the boat makes cheap trips to San Fran
cisco Ed has all he ca:i carry, and the
co^ch certainly looks picturesque with its
motley loud and tired horses. Ed and his
old coach are inseparable. Even though
he wants to go to a certain place only a
few miles away he will "hitch up" and go
in the coach nil by himself.
People in San Jose have become so used
to the coach that they pay no attention to
it when it pas.-es along the streets, but if
it should drop into any other city it would
be sure to draw large crowds. There is
certainly no more picturesque vehicle in
existence. The forty years oi service have
told on it in more ways than one, but it is
just as good for transportation purposes as
ever. Every bit Of wood in it is perfectly
sound, and if the broken windows were re
placed and the paint given a good washing
I it would stiil be presentable.
The decorations on the outside of the old
Ed Marlctt's Old Stage, Which Has Been in Constant Service Since 1 854.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
vehicle are worthy of admiration, and it
is sale to say it would bs hard to find a
coach-painter these days carable oi dupli
cating the woric. The body of the coach
is painted red, and in spite of its great age
the color is still brilliant if the dirt is
washed off. All over the sides below the
windows is some magnificent scroll work
in gold that is almost as bright as ever.
In the center panels of the doors there
are paintings of landscapes that are almost
works of art. They represent Eastern
scenery and are rich and brilliant in color.
Both o*f them are splendid in tone. They
were painted on the door by an artist and
are not the decalconian?a pictures used in
the same class of work to-day. A careful
examination of the joints in the body of
THE OLDEST
STAGE COACH
IN CALIFORNIA
the coach fails to disclose any cracks, but
the general appearance is most dilapi
dated. Old rags and pieces of leather are
made to do duty as windows and several
signs in Chinese are pasted in different
places. The cushions on the inside have
nearly all disappeared. The floor is cot
ered with rubbish and a vile smell like to-
Ed .Marlatt, One of the Oldest Stage*
Drivers in California.
bacco and opium will almost paralyze the
nostrils of any one daring enough to poke
their head inside.
RUNNING A LOCOMOTIVE.
What It Means to Speed a Train Sixty
Mile!* per Hour.
To May Ladies' Home Journal John Qil
mer Speed contributes an article upon the
safety and coiuforts of railroad travel in
the United States, in which he says that
the highest type of American railroad is
to-day constructed with such skill and
sagacity that we travel in more luxury and
more security than any people in tne
worid.
In considering the locomotives and the
speed attained by them on pur railroads,
Mr. Speed says: * * At sixty miles an
hour tie resistance of a train is four times
as great as it is at thirty miles— that is,
the'fuH must be four times as great in the
one case as it is in thj other.
But at sixty miles an hour this fuel
must be exerted fora given distance in
half the time iliut it is in thirty miles, so
I that the amonn' of power exerted and
| fteam generated in a given period of time
| must be eight times as great as the faster
speed. This mean 3 that the capacity of
the boiler, cylinders and the other parts
must be greater with a corresponding ad
dition to the weight of the machine.
Obviously, therefore, if the weight per
wheel, on account of the limit of weight
that the rails will carry, is limited, we
soon reach a point when the driving
wheels and other parts cannot be further
enlarged, and then we reach the maximum
i of speed.
The nice adjustment necessary of the
various parts ot these immense engines
may be indicated by some figures as to the
work performed by these parts when the
locomotive is worked at high speed. Take
■ a passenger engine on any of the big rail
i roads.
At sixty miles an hour a driving-wheel
•V., feet in diameter revolve* live times
i every second ; now the reciprocating parts
I of each cylinder, including one piston,
piston-rod, crosshead and connecting
' rod, weighing about f>so pounds, must move
| back and forth a distance equal to the
i stroke, usually two feet, every time the
! wheel revolves, or in a fifth of a second. It
i starts from a state of rest at the end of
j each stroke of the piston, and must ac
i quire a velocity of thirty-two feet per sec
ond in one-twentieth of a second, and
must be brought to a state of rest in the
same period of time.
A piston eighteen inches in diameter
' has an area of 254U square inches. Steam
j of 150 pounds pressure per square inch
would, therefore, exert a force <>n the pis
ton equal to 38,170 pounds. This force is
applied alternately on each side of the
piston ten times in a second.
Pensive Penciling!.
Ie has been observed that the man who
likes to entertain his wife with remin
i iscences of his early love affairs seldom
i likes to have his wife reciprocate.
How gratifying it would be if the man
who had a fine voice thirty or forty years
ago would only be contented with the rec
ollection!
Already the grass is beginning to be as
j green as a servant girl from the north end v
'of Aroostook County, Me. Flies and the
yachting season— but, happily, not Dun
raven — will soon be with us.
When a man takes a $100 bill to the bank
| to get it changed why should he try to
: look as if he was accustomed to doing the
! same thing every other day?
A Chicago girl is never so happy as when
i she is wearing a dress with a long train.
■ It is a delight to the observer to see bow
skillfully she draws it aronnd in front to
| cover up her feet.
Speaking of rules for letter-writing, one
good rule is never to write a letter when
you only need to write a note. — Somerville
journal.
Above Suspicion.
Mrs. Bigwad — It must be terribly em
barrassing to be as poor as the Joneses;
they never give anything to charity.
Mr. Bigwad— Bat we don't, either.
Mrs. Bigwad— Well, they can't say that
it is because we haven't got it to give.
1718
HOW GEO FRANCIS TRAIN
HELD UP THE GERMAN MAIL.
1 FIRST met GeoFge Francis Train just
two days before I started with him on
that sixty-seven day tour of the world
- from Tacoma to Tacoma. The start
was made on the 16th of March, 1890.
Going out of Commencement Bay by
special steamer to meet the Canadian
trans- Pacific liner Abyssinia in the Royal
Roads opposite Victoria, we rode into
Tacoma by special train from the East on
the afternoon of the , an interval
of sixty-seven days between the farewell
waved to the gay crowd of excursionists on
the steamer Olympian in the 6traits of
Fuca and the greeting to the other gay
crowd with its other brass bands in the
streets of Tacoma seemed, when it was
done, but a twinkling, and yet, seen
through the experiences that bad come
between, seemed a decade. Figuratively, it
was a cup of tea in Japan, "'just one more
in China, a sniff at the spices of Ceylon
and Araby, a glass of wine in Paris, a
momentary struggle with a London fog,
and then New York and the crash ol the
brass band and cannons on the
hills of Tacoma. Literally, it was
sixty-seven days' driving behind the
world's swiftest engine, sixty-seven days
churning the ocean and roaring over rails
westward. And none of the peoples of all
the earth will forget that sixty-seven-day
visitation. It recurs to me like a torch
light procession, with unbroken ranks and
skyrockets and red fire and a long trail of
astonished natives.
The Olympian and the Abyssinia lashed
together in the Straits of Fuca and Train
and I stepped from the one to the other.
The one backed away, and while the band
played and the crowd yelled, neaded for
Victoria; the other started her ponderous
machinery with her nose pointed toward
a stormy ocean and the Orient.
W hat I had seen of George Francis Train
up to that time was simpfy a man of un
usual vitality, a public speaker of unusual
capacity to entertain, a man of apparently
unusual executive capacity, thinking of a
thousand details of his trip and keeping
everybody about him busy with prepara
tions while he himself pnve his time to
every little tot that came into his room or
crossed his path. To be sure when intro
duced he kept his hands to himself, fold
ing them together while bowing in the
most courtly fashion. His "eccentricity"
in this matter was well known, however,
and taken in connection with his abun
dant pood spirits was passed with a smile.
Now, however, he and I were alone, co to
speak. For, although our sensational
entry into the ship had brought passen
gers and crew on deck, they stood aloof,
and we were shown to our two big state
rooms on the lower deck and for the first
time sized each other up as inseparable
for the next two months or so.
"We are going on an important mis
sion," said Train. "We are to show the
THE AGENT TELEGRAPHS TO HOLD THE GENERAL WERDER.
[From a sketch.]
real way round the earth— the short way.
Do you drink and carouse around?"
I told him I was simply a plain news
pa pei man, but that I would do the best I
could.
Train had been an irrepressible joker
himself up to this time. Now he said:
"On the contrary. I do not drink anything
myself, and we must keep our heads about
us for this business. We will travel like
princes, but we will be very busy at every
post. We must make absolute connection
everywhere or the enterprise will fall flat."
For sixteen days we plunged through
bleak and stormy seas, with rain and
snow accompaniment. We had counted
on fourteen days across. There had been
no plan beforehand, however. We knew
notmng of the sailing days of ships west
ward in the Orient. It was simply a trust
ing to Train's "psychics" — another name
for luck. The loss of two days on the
Pacific did not disturb him in* the least.
He was the same philosopher in raid
ocean that he had been in Madison square.
On the 2d of April, fourteen days out. a
faint line of purple came into the western
horizon. As Train and I stood at the
ship's rail watching it, he with a glass and
his big fur-collared coat buttoned about
him, he said: "That is Japan. In forty
eight hours we begin business. Running
forty miles an hour, once, across the
American continent— l was conducting a
party of notables over the first Pacific road
—I touched a light to the prairie at night
"WHAT!" SAID TRAIN. "THREE DAYS!"
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
and awoke the sleeping train to see the
sea of tire. Y'oa are rarely fortunate. You
will witness the like again. lam about to
set the prairie on fire. I have the twist
upon the world. I shall enter the United
States like Monte Cristo rising from the
sea. I have found the riches and the world
is mine."
On the morning of the 4th of April we
rounded into the harbor at Yokohama.
The day was beautiful and as we ran up
the bay through the moving life and
color of the harbor, dotted witn sampans
and stranee sea cruft, with h»re and there
* big ooean liner, the roofs of Yokohama
making jatrged points along the rim of the
sea, while Fujiyama lifted its white cone
into the distant sky and the water about
us sparkling with light and life, the sen
sation vas like that of drinking wine.
Train had been on deck since daybreak.
With his glass c was studying the flags
in the harbor, looking for the English or
German, for they are fast sailers. We
slowed down some distance out and a
pilot came on board and told him that
the General Werder — North German
Lloyds — had sailed two days before to
make connections with vessels of its own
lino clear into the Mediterranean. Ttier*
would not be another vessel south in a
week.
Do you think that rattled the chief? Not
a bit of it.
"Well, well, let us go to breakfast," he
said. "We will see about it when we get
ashore. "
The 4th of April happened to be Good
Friday, and in this land of Buddha was
religiously observed. The town was prac
tically shut up. We took a rickshaw to
the office of the Japan Gazette, enlisted
the editor, wto led the way to the resi
dence of the agent of the German Lloyds.
Arrived there we found the door locked
and the blinds drawn. The agent was still
abed.
He was awakened by a clamor at his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1&96.
door. He heard his little Japanese maid
pull back the bolts in the hallway, and
i card men's loud insistent voices and her
timid remonstrance that her master must
not be disturbed ; he heard footsteps ap
proach bis own bedroom, and then an
alarming knocking upon the panels of the
door. He sprang out of bed.
"Who's there?" he cried.
"George Francis Train, sixteen days
from Tacoma. bound round the world in
sixty days. Come! let me in."
"What do you want? I'm in my night
shirt."
"Very well; Seep it on! Come, let me
in, I'm in a hurry! 1 want to catch the
Werder."
"The General Werder sailed two days
ago."
"Oh, come, open the door! Don't you
suppose I know that? I want to catch
her."
Douutingly Herr Leopold turned the
key in the lock, and then the door was
pushed open from the other side and
three men walked in. He of the con
versation was a tall, large-framed man
with snow-white hair and gray mustache,
extremely rapid in manner and speech,
faultlessly dressed in a gray suit, brown
overcoat, gloves and patent-leather shoes
The line of argument was generally in
terrupted.
"Where is the Werder now?" asked
Train.
"At Kobe."
"Kobe is 300 miles down the coast and
can be reached by rail?"
"Yes."
"When will she sail from there?"
"To-morrow morn in •."
"She sails with the tide?"'
"No. There is plenty of water where
she lies."
"It is twenty-four hours from here.
What time does a train leave?"
"At 3 this afternoon."
41 It would be too late. You must hold
the vessel."
"Impossible, sir. It cannot be done.
Under any circumstances it cannot. The
General Werder carries the German mail."
But it was done. As an excuse for say
ing all that he did pay in the time he took
to it Train explatned that he was in a
hurry. He told Leopold that it meant
two first-class passages from Kobe to the
canal — almost a third the way round the
earth— worth in money $800; in fame with
out price. This trip was history, he must
get into it. We had a kodak with us; we
would take a photograph of the agent in
his nightshirt in the act of sending the
mpssage that held the Werder.
It was effective. Mr. Leopold rang; his
little Japanese girl i responded; by his or
der she brought a bottle of yellow label.
Having been won to the enterprise sne be
came enthusiastic in it, and Anglin, the
editor, was so delighted that he hugged
and kissed the little Japanese girl re
peatedly. But he might have done that
upon Blighter provocation. She only
smiled and was still demure.
Then we jumped into the rickshaws
again and rode to the Consul's office.
There was a little rush of pleased excia
mation and reminiscence at the meeting
with Consul Greathouse and then Train
stated the business: "I am on my every
twenty-year tour of the world. I want
passports for two."
"Ah!" said Greathouse. "That is red
tape. You will have to see the American
Minister, Mr. Swift, at Tokio,"
"Very well. Can you tell me about the
train ?•'
"It leaves at 11."
"And when return?"
"At 2."
"That will do nicely. It will give me
thirty minutes in Tokio. lam to catch
the 3 o'clock train for Kobe."
"The 3 o'clock train for Kobe!" The
Consul laughed. "You might as well sit
down and be easy, for that is impossible."
"Why? Impossible seems to be very
lightly spoken in Japan."
"Well, It is impossible," he repeated.
"Minister Swift win have to seethe Japan
ese Minister, and there is a whole lot of
hocus pocus. Besides this is a Japanese
holiday and I don't think you could get
one of them to move in the matter to-day
even if they could be found, which is very
doubtful. A passport has never been ob
tained under the most favorable circum
stances and strongest pressure in less than
three days."
"What," exclaimed Train, "three days
to sign a paper? It is time, then, that I
reduced the limit to about three minutes.
You watch me."
I did not go to Tokio, but between 11
and 2 o'clock saw Yokohama. At 2 o'clock
a little party of friends, invited, sat and
stood about a table in the dining-room of
the Grand Hotel watching the clock. The
waiters stood by equally anxious. The
guests tried their best to" make it appear
that they did not feel silly. Anglin, the
editor, who had been shifting the resDon
sibility of his 200 pounds from one leg to
another, made a mental note that the
clock marked twelve minutes past 2, and
that that was three minutes slower than
his watch, when Consul Greathouse
laughed outright, saying that if the dinner
was to cook until Train came back with a
passport, there would be very little use in
ordering anything rare.
A bauquet without the host would be
100 novel to attempt in the Orient and
they might as well — A whirlwind swept
some napkins to the floor and George
Francis Train despatched seven waiters in
search of oysters and snipe and wine, and
begged his guests to be seated.
"We have forty minutes ta eat and
drink and talk and catch the train," he
said. "The passports? Certainly. I
don't eat meat myself, waiter; bring me
some Lyonai3B potatoes and a biscuit.
And speaking of passports reminds me of
the last time I was at Tokio, in '70. There
was an English minister, Sir rienry
Parkes, who moved in greater splendor
than the Mikado.
"His carriage was drawn by four white
horses, and he ha<l a more brilliant retinue
than Thomas a Beci>et. He rode through
the streets looking straight before him,
not noticing native or foreigner except of
the higher order. He was the most mighty
thing in all Japan — the English Minister
— and that just after Commodore Perry
and I bad made it possible for him to come
ashore. I saw him drive by once, and my
private secretary, George Pickering Bemis,
now Mayor of Omaha, stepped to one side
to make room for him. 'Never do that
again,' said I. 'To-morrow at this time
you come here with six white horses, and
when you make this ambitions Minister
turn out for you, he will probably ask you
who you are. Then tell him you are my
private secretary.' Waiter, some more
wine for these gentlemen."
As a part of the singular luck that fol
lowed us round the world this train that
we took that afternoon was the last that
was to travel over the road until the fourth
day following. The Emperor had been
reviewing his troops at Kioto, the demon
stration was over and the Government
was to take charge of the road for the dis
tribution of the troop".
The train ran into the station at Kobe a
little after 3 o'clock. It had not come to
a full stop when the door swung open and
a lusty German voice said, "Are you Mr.
Train'?"
"Yes."
"Where is your baggage? I am the
agent of the Norddeutscher Lloyd. We
have been waiting for you and want to get
you aboard as quickly as possible."
Our string of satchels and trunks were
piled on two trucks, we mounted the ever
present rickshaw and a beautiful race took
place to the quay. There a customs offi
cer just glanced "into one of the trunks,
we tumbled into a sampan, and a few
moments later stood on the deck of the
General Werder, which, with steam up and
anchor weighed, was standing in the
roadstead. Thus, by the capture of the
German mail, with its complete line of
connections round into the Mediterranean,
the swiftest tour of the world was made
reasonably certain.
THEIR FAVORITE DISHES.
Git«tronouiic Tastes of Some European
Sovereigns.
In a recent issue of Cassell's Saturday
Journal is an article records the
gastronomic tastes of some of the reign
ing sovereigns of Europe. Queen Vie-
MORNING ON THE BAY.
[From a picture painted by Alexander Harrison in 1878.]
toria, it appears, is devoted to oatmeal
soup. She likes pickled cucumbers, and
roast beef is always served. She drinks
white sherry out of a silver cup.
According to a custom instituted by
George 11, the name of the cook who pre
pared a dish is announced when it is
placed upon the table. The King and
Queen of Italy, when the royal guests are
exclusively Italian, revel in spaghetti,
garlic, onions and oil. Fritto is another
favorite dish. It is made of artichokes,
chickens' livers, calves' brains and cocks'
combs. The Grand Duchess of Baden
makes her own coffee, while her husband
grows bis own wine and is his own head
cellarman.
Both delight in lentil soup, seasoned
with vinegar, and Frankfort sausage. The
Pope is very simple in his tastes. His
breakfast consists of a roll and cafe au lait.
For dinner, which is eaten at 1 o'clock, he
has soup, meat, pastry and fried potatoes
or other vegetables. At this repast he
drinks a single glass of old Burgundy. At
6 o'clock he takes a glass of claret and
bouillon, and at half-past 10 a supper com
posed of cold meat and another cup of
bouillon.
King Oscar of Sweden liices the national
dish of raw saimon preserved in earth and
a soup composed of boiled barley and
whipped cream. In case he is deposed lie
A Brownie, the Creation of Palmer Cox
That lias brought Him lame and For'
tune.
is well trained to conduct a boarding
house, as all the remainders of roasts are
made into hash. The Emperor of Austria
likes spaetzle, a kind of macaroni, and
apple wine; while the food of the Empress
consists of cold meats, fruits, the juice of
raw beefsteak and tea. She is very careful
of her diet, as she is solicitous to preserve
her figure.
The present Emperor of Russia is a man
of moderate habits in eating. To provide
for his simple wants he has a French chef,
who ranus ».s colonel in the arniv. This
functionary is profusely decorated, and
has under his command at court banquets
about 1200 subordinates. On ordinary oc
casions four head intendants, twenty-four
sub-intendants, thirty-four lackeys, sixty
buffet moujiks, two chefs and four under
chefs are in service.
SAN FRANCISCO ART STUDENTS
WHO HAVE BECOME
FAMOUS.
year 1872 can be set down as
jj marking the beginning of art cul
* ture in San Francisco. It was
J| then that a little group of talented
fellows began to form plans for
getting some sort of study. They started
the Graphic Club, laid the foundations for
tne School of Design and began a struggle
that has led several of them to fame.
At first these earnest young men used
such rooms as they could afford to rent
temporarily for the purpose of sketching
from life. All worked at some sort of un
congenial business during the day, and
could only draw a few hours at night. A
number worked at painting in their own
"LA CREPESCULE," ALEXANDER HAMILTON'S BEST AND MOST FAMOUS PAINTING.
PALMER COX WHEN A STUDENT AT THE SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
[From a drawing made at the time by Thomas Bill.]
homes and when they thought they had
enough "stuff" to exhibit they "clubbed"
in and rented a hall for one night. It was
thrown open to the public and hundreds
came to look at the pictures, but in those
days purchasers were mighty scarce. As
the years went by the artists became more
and more Btrongly banded together.
Everybody with any talent tried to make
uae of it and encouraged others. Art
never struggled against greater odds nor
had less advantages than it did here in
San Francisco, but the result is most grat
ifying and encouraging and still further
proves the old theory that genius can ex
ist anywhere and will not be suppressed.
Three men whose fame to-day is world
wide did their first studying in San Fran
cisco. Two women have climbed high on
the ladder of National fame, and several
young men have taken rank with the best
in America and promise greater things in
the future.
Tracy, the great painter of scenes in
American hunting-fields, has been most
strongly identified "with the art growth of
this City. Before there was any thought
of organization Tracy was a hard worker.
He had no fundamental instruction at all.
but simply worked from nature, add
painted such things as pleased him. When
the Graphic Club and School of Design
started he was one of the men who de
voted considerable of bis time to study
and also to the instruction of others not
as far advanced as himself. In some way
Tracy seemed to know what was good in
art, for be made steady improvement as
the years went by. In the latter part of
the seventies Tracy moved to St. Louis,
where he did well in a financial way, and
brought his work to such a high standard
of artistic excellence that it soon attracted
attention. In 1883 be went to New York
and at once took a position as one of the
great painters of this country. Since then
his fame has constantly been on the in
crease. Every picture he paints is sold
before it is off the easel, and there is a con
stant demand for reproductions of them.
His "Hunting Grouse" is perhaps his
most famous work. The landscape is full
I of light and color, and the figures of men.
i dogs and birds are painted in a masterful
I manner. When Tracy was in San Fran
cisco his work sold at any price he could
get— from $5 to $25. Now he seldom gets
less tLan $1000 for even a very small work.
His "Autumn in the Fields," one of his
late works, sold for $5000.
Alexander Harrison is conceded to be
{ one of the greatest marine painters in the
I world to-day. He ia also an old San
I Francisco art student, who began his
career on his own account. He first made
sketches around the bay, and realizing
that he had talent he joined the Coast Bur
vey for the purpose of studying water.
Xli is undoubtedly did him a great deal oi
good in the way of impressing the effect of
the ocean on his mind.
By the year 1876 the School of Design
was on a iair basis, and Harrison went in
for a course of instruction. He remained
two years, but his studies were not con
sidered of any great importance. His
studies from nature made at the time are
also lacking in many of the things that go
to make up a genius. The painting from
which the accompanying drawing was
made is a very weak piece of work. The
water is flat and dry, and the drawing of
the boats is very poor.
Alexander Harrison left Ban Francisco
in 1879 for Philadelphia, where he re
mained for about Iwo years studying in
the Bchool of Design tnere. He then
went to Paris, wherehe has practically re-
mained ever since. He studied with the
best masters, and it was not long before he
was able to make use of the vast amount
of knowledge be had acquired while in the
Coast Survey and when studying the
waters of the bay of San Francisco. In
1887 a prize of $3000 was offered (or the
best picture by an American artist, to be
exhibited in "New York one year later.
Harrison came back from Paris on pur
pose to compete. He felt that lie would
have a good show, but his picture took the
p.rt world by surprise and captured the
prize. It was entitled 'La Crepescule,"
and has been said by many eminent
critics to be the finest and most realistic
bit of water ever painted. This work is at
present in St. Louis, but it has been re
produced so many times that it is known
all over the world. To look at "La
Crepescule" it is hard to realize that it is
nothing but paint and canvas. Every
wave seems to be dancing toward the
shore, and the light of the rising moon is
reflected in a thousand points of scintillat-
PORTRAIT OF THOMAS HILL.
from o drauiny made by Palmer Cox when he was a student at the School of Design.]
ing brilliancy. One forgets that one is in
an art gallery, and seems to hear the low
murmur of the surf pulsating through the
evening atmosphere. Harrison has never
stopped in his art, but is constantly mak
ing improvement. He exhibited a picture
about a year ago that the great Mesdag de
clared to be a masterpiece.
Palmer Cox, the creator of the Brown
ies, is known to aimost every person in
America and England. He began his art
career in this City about 1872. At the time
ho was working at his trade of jeweler, but
found occasional opportunities to attend
the Graphic Club and School of Design.
He was very industrious and worked from
life a great deal, but did not show any ex
ceptional talent. He did not show any
trace of what he was goiug to build his
fame on. His great effort was always to
draw portraits. "" It was a difficult matter
for him, however, and his career Bhows
that his strong point lay in tne direction
of caricature. The accompanying draw
ing of' Thomas Hill was made in 1575,
when he had been working several years!
To give it all the credit it deserves it can
only be said to De very ordinary. It shows
a lack of the comprehension of fni^^^l
slso timidity in the way of handling the
pencil. Of course Palmer Cox can liardiv
be said to be a great artist, but there is no
denying the fact that he is a genius. The
Brownies are the fun nirst caricatures O f
human beings ever made, and his ability
to weave them into peculiar incidents has
been one of the things that has helped to
make him famous. Palmer Cox's firn
Brownies were drawn for St. Nicholas
about 1879, but his best work was dona
two years ago. It was a series of articles
in the Ladies' Home Journal entitled
'•The Brownies' Trip Around the World."
Theodore Wores was one of the first
students to attend the School of Design.
He showed a strong inclination toward
still-life subjects, and always selected
those with plenty of color in them. After
about two years of study he went to
Munich and worked under a number of
the best masters. He then made two
trips to Jat>an, and is, perhaps, best known
by the work he did there. Mr. Wores'
work is very well known in this City, but
whenever he has exhibited in the great
art centers of the world he has always had
the most favorable criticism. He was one
of the pioneers in Japanese subjects, and
many of his pictures have been sold for
large sums. At present he is in New
York, engaged on some important orders
with which he feels greatly encouraged.
Julian Rix is also an old San Francisco
art student. He worked in the School of
Design for several years, but demonstrated
to himself that he would do better in land
scape than anything else. He soon ranked
as the best in his field in the State. All of
the grand California scenery has been
painted by him, but he did not achieve
fame until he went to New York about
rive years ago. He at once sprang into
prominence, and to-day is at the head of
his profession. Some of his later work
has been declared to be magnificent in
tone and. at the same time," having an
originality of execution that places it on a
le-el with that of the great masters of the
world. His work is reproduced to a large
extent and sold all over the country.
Miss Lotz was one of the first pupils of
the School of Design. She worked there
for nearly six years before going to
Europe. Her talent was discovered by
Dan Cook, who provided several years'
instruction for her under the famous
animal painter, Van Mark. She produced
several good pictures that sold readily and
has been constantly improving. All of her
work has been confined to animals. It is
of a high order of merit and gives her a
strong position in the art world, out as yet
she has not produced a real masterpiece.
Miss Lizzie Strong bears a high reputa
tion-in the world of art as a painter of
dogs. She went to the School of Design
about 1876 and remained there for over
four years when she went to Paris and
studied in the schools and under different
masters. Her work is known all over the
world and several of her pictures are owned
in this City. It ia strong in color and the
drawing is exceptionally good. She also
manages to get a great deal of sentiment
in her work that eives it an individuality
sure to lead her to the highest round of the
ladder of fame.
The well-known water color painter,
Harvey Young, got hia first knowledge of
art in San Francisco. He was a member
of the Graphic Club and did considerable
work in the School of Designs He is best
known to-day as a painter of Mexican
scenes. He never attempts anything
large, but gets good prices for all the small
things he can paint. His studio is in New
York, but most of his work is done out of
doors, so that he spends most of his time
in Mexico.
Of the artists who have achieved local •
fame nearly all obtained their first
instruction at the School of Design. In
fact the best artists in California are en
tirely the home product.JUDGE HUSE.
DRAMATIC in many of its details
and full of rniman interest is the
story of Judge Charles E. Huse,
for whose release from the in
sane asylum at Highlands the
most strenuous efforts lave recently been
made. His case has already attracted the
attention of press and public, and if the
contentions of the Judge's friends may ba
relied upon (and the circumstances seem
to indicate that their c'aims are not alto
gether without foundation in fact), then it
is in all probability true that a sane man,
whose mind is still brilliant, even after
long years of association with the de
mented, is being restrained of his liberty.
Asa brief introduction to the particulars
which follow let it be said that Judge
Charles E. Huse, at one time one of the
prominent attorneys of Southern Califor
nia, was in 1880 committed from Santa
Barbara County to the Napa Insane
Asylum. Ten years later he was dis
charged, but immediately sent back to ]
Napa from San Francisco, and in 1894 sent
to the branch asylum at Highlands, in
San Bernardino County.
The friends of Huse maintain that ene
mies conspired to send the attorney to the
asylum and to keep inni confined as a j
means to the success of a plot to obtain i
■possession of a large estate, consisting of
5000 acres of land to which Judge Huse
held some title.
Whether Judge Huse be sane or not, or
whether or not his long confinement
among people of shattered minds has«at
length caused his own intellect to totter
on its throne, may not be said from direct
knowledge; but there is something which [
can De said, with reference to this remark- j
able case, that lends to a portion of the i
story a life coloring that smacks of the ■
olden, golden days, and that equals in its
eiow and glory some of the best chapters
of romance. There is something in the
story that strikes one as deeply as the
Pythian legend. There are heroes in this |
land to-day as picturesque, as noble- i
minded, as self-sacrificing as the best of ;
those whose types adorn the most touch
ing earlier tales of Bret Harte.
Gallardo — lawyer, miner, true-blue friend
of Judge Huse— is a character for a
splendid Western sketch. Xhe indomitable
spirit of '49 is in him, and he exemplifies
an everlasting friendship when he practi
cally declares to his revered old tutor: •
"Enemies may rob you ; but you will never |
rant while there ie treasure in Gallardo's j
mines." He does not merely say it — he
deeds half his wealth to the man in the j
asylum, and then proceeds to battle like a .
Trojan for his friend's release. The pic- '
ture of Gallardo riding down from the
Nevada hills to make a tight in the courts
for Judge Huse— and for no object other
than that of pure friendship— is one that
must excite admiration in every honest
breast.
But the story is best told in these two
chapters — one describing the coming of
"the friend in need"— the other, the sad
spectacle of a man vainly struggling for
what he deems his God-given right; fight
ing, too, against great odds from behind
the bars which have so long imprisoned
him.
"THE FRIKND IX NKKD."
Gallardo Rides From Nevada to Do
Battle for Judge Huse.
SANTA ANA, Cal.. May B.— Few men i
in the ordinary walks of life have excited
more genuine interest amon? those with
whom they have come in contact than
F. V. Gallardo, the shrewd and picturesque
Nevada miner, who rode astride his trusty
steed all the way from Hawthorne, in the
sagebrush State, to Southern California
and inaugurated proceedings to liberate
his old friend, Charles E. Huse, from the
P. F. Gallardo as He Appeared on the Streets of San Bernardino. He Had Come
All the Way From Nevada to Aid in Rescuing His Old Instructor From Con
finement in the Asylum,
[Sketched by a "Call artist."]
Highlands Insane Asylum, in San Ber
nardino Cour.ty. After an exciting con
test in Judge Otis' court in that county
Mr. Huse has been remanded to the insti
tution in which, it was set forth, he had I
been unlawfully confined. But Gallardo,
with the energy and determination which
ar<> bo characteristic of him, has given
notice of an appeal, and evidently intends
to carry the case to the end of the means
provided by law.
It was during Mr. Gallardo's visit to
Santa Ana in quest of Dr. G. W. Hollister,
an old friend both of himself and Judge
Huso, for the purpose of securing him
as a witness in the action, through which
it was hoped to restore the freedom from
the asylum of a sane man placed and re
tained* there through conspiracy, that
some of our people became acquainted
with the curious character, whose life has
been peculiarly balked with reverses and
whose natural keenness and wide cultiva
tion of mind are at once made apparent in
conversation.
The personal appearance of Gallardo is |
one of the most deceiving features of the
man. Attired in a time-worn sombrero,
through the brim of which a pencil is
stuck for safe-Keeping, with fringed and
threadbare coat and vest, blue overalls,
heavy shoes, dark tlainel shirt and a mass
of bandana handkerchief around bis
tiroat, his aspect inspires the conclusion
that the visitor is a rheep-herder or per
haps a wandering old man without even
as good a job. A bushy white beard
covers his face, which is clearly of Spanish
lineage and the entire hirsute condition
evinces dim acquaintance with the barber.
As soon as conversation is opened, how
ever, one is not left in doubt as to the
ability and attainments of this uncouth
lawyer, who refrains from the common
equipments and practices of civilization
either from choice or necessity. Polished
let'ul phrases How from him in a manner
that is truly surprising; perfect command
of the English language is always appa
rent, and the extraordinary precision with
which he settles on dates of events in
years far back is one pf the most wonder
ful exhibitions of the mental training he
has undergone.
Years ago, in 1855. Mr. Gallardo com
menced the study of law under Judge
Huse at Santa Barbara. He was the:i a
young man of 21. Four years later he wa*
admitted to the bar of the Superior Court
of that county, and subsequently gained
admission to all the higher tribunals of
the land. He at once assumed consider
able prominence in his profession, his
aggressiveness, however, making many
enemies. In the older reports of the Su
preme Court there are numerous records
of his cases, in many of which his bristling
shafts of attack are directed at Judges and
other officers of authority.
In ISB3, after a career at law filled with
conditions, successes, reverses, wealth and
almost poverty, this strange man betook
himself to Nevada and began the always
fascinating senrch for precious ore. Three
years later his old friend and tutor, Judge
Huse, was committed to the Napu asylum
and there kept until about two years ago,
when he was transferred to the new insti
tution at Highlands. At Napa Gallardo
once secured his release, but he was soon re
turned there. It is alleged that Mr. Huse's
original incarceration at Napa, and his
subsequent confinement after being re
leased, were made without the examina
tion required by law; that his absence
from Santa Barbara County, in which he
owned some twenty-two leagues of land,
was thus enforced to permit of the undis
turbed working of a conspiracy to gain pos
session of his property, which plan was
successfully carried out. These are the
allegations made oy Mr. Gallardo, who as
serts emphatically that Judge Huse is not
now, nor was at the time of his original
commitment, in the least insane. Dr.
Holiister, after ten minutes' conversation
with him, also pronounced him of sound
minti.
Whether Mr. Gallardo's assertions are
true or imagined, Judge Huse is to-day
an impoverished man, nothing of the
princely domain once in his name remain
ing except part of a lot in Santa Barbara.
Hia faithful friend and pupil, however, has
never forgotten him, and half of the many
mining claims in his possession are deeded
to Mr. Huse.
The long delay in commencing proceed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA.LL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 189 G.
ings to liberate his friend was caused by
ill health and consequent adverse financial
circumstances. Three times has Mr. Gal
lardo been stricken with paralysis during
Judge Huse's confinement, each attack
disabling him for many months. The last
of these strokes, as usual, was wry severe,
and it was less than a year ago that he re
covered from the effects of it. At last,
blessed with reasonably good health, he
mounted his bay horse, which transports
him in all his travels, and, seated on a
sack of straw, S9t out for the scene of his
friend's incarceration. The trip, as a
matter of course, was an arduous one for a
man over three-score years, but the in
domitable attributes of his character served
to bear him through without apparent
distress, or even fatigue.
Wrapped in a long, dirty cloth Gallardo
carries' a roll of manuscript, the writing
upon which is executed in an exceedingly
small hand. "When at leisure he adds
thoughtfully to its contents with pen and
ink. It may be his diary, it may be his
history, it may contain information of rich
mines", or it may be a carefully prepared
statement of the case of Judge "H use. At
any rate it is his secret as far as his ac
quaintances in Santa Ana are concerned.
While here Mr. Gallardo dropped some
information which has a more local inter
est than the now celebrated asylum case.
He claims to hold a deed to the original
half interest of Maria Yorbade Burrnell,
daughter of Theodocia Yorba, in the
Rancbo Santiago de Santa Ana, which
covers a large portion of Orange County.
This deed he claims to have acquired in
1567, and asserts that he has never waived
any of his vested rights therein. The title
to the ranch was not confirmed by the Su
preme Court until 1884. Prior to that time
a suit in partition of the estate was
brought before Judge Morrison at Los
Angeles, but Gallardo refused to be a
party to it, claiming that the Judge had
no authority to pass upon matters re luting
to establishing titles to the land while the
Supreme Court had not yet rendered its
decision. Mr. Gallardo says he has no
fears of the statute of limitation, which
would have rendered his title void long
a o, but expresses his determination to
bring suit in the United State- Circuit
Court at Carson, Nev., to obtain possession
Scene in the Courtroom— Attorney Gallardo Examining Joseph A. Johnson— Judge Huse Is Seated at
the Left of His Friend Gallardo.
[Sketched by a "Call" artiiL]
of the land, embracing some 5000 acres, to
which lie lays claim under his deed.
Whether this man is successful either in
liberating his old friend or acquiring pos
session of a tract of valuable land long
since divided up into prosperous farming
regions he at least has entertained those
with whom he i as come in contact in
Southern California and earned the dis
unction of being the strangest character
who has held their attention for many
years. Few who have met him will ever
forget his quaint, unkempt appearance, his
earnest and magnetic eloquence as he dis
courses upon the subjects which now seem
to be his sole ambitions, or his intelligent
old countenance as it lights up with the
fires of hope and determination, and un
less he succeeds in opening the title to the
large ranch, to a portion of which he lays
his antiquated claim, the acquaintances he
has formed in Orange County will have no
cause to recall hiw presence with any buta
feeling of pleasure and interest.
Linn L. Shaw.
THE STRUGGLE FOR LIBERTY.
Correspondence That Throws New Light
on the Remarkable Huge Case.
During the latter part of March, on learn
ing through the newspapers that Judge
Huse had taken legal steps in the Superior
Court of San Bernardino to secure his re
lease from the asylum, and having had no
communication with him for nine years
and desiring to make a simple test of his
present condition, I sent him in care of the
Medical Director of the Southern Cali
fornia Asylum a copy of The Call con
taining one of my "letters from the peo
ple," and also a copy of an lowa news
paper which had published one of my Call
letters, and in response I received from
Dr. Campbell a brief letter, in which he
says under March 30: "The papers sent by
you to Judge Huse will be given him. He
is in the same condition as when received
from Napa. The Judge is still quite enter
taining and bright in many ways, but is
thoroughly insane." On the 9ih of April
I received the following letter addressed to
me from the asylum at San Bernardino:
Dear Sir: I inclose a letter from Judge Huse
to you. In mv letter of March 30 to you I
stafed that Gallardo would probably swear out
another writ to obtain the release of Judge
Huse. This he has done. The Oftse was on
trial for three days, CJallardo and the Judge
amusing [eonsumiSftf] a f;ood deal of the
time. It has been postponed until the 14th
inst. Gallardo stated that he can get testi
mony from San Francisco to show that Judge
Huse was illegally committed and was not
insane, and I think Gallardo named you
as one upon whom he could depend for
such testimony. It is a very unfortunate
Btateof affairs that the Judae has not some
near relatives at hand who could assume con
trol of this case and by some means prevent
ddllardo from continuing his efforts to obtain
the Judge's release. I should bo more than
pleased to discharge or parole him in the care
of his relatives, provided they would assume
the burden. It has placed us in an unenviable
light temporarily, but could not be avoided,
as it would have been criminal on my part to
have discharged the man or paroled him into
the hands of a stranger whom I do not believe
to be qualified to look after him or to have any
legal right to assume the responsibility.
1 hope San Francisco papers will give the
outcome as much notice as they have the pro
ceedings up to date. Yours truly,
M B. Campbell. Medical Director.
It will be noted that the foregoing letter
is dated April 7, while the following letter
from Judge Huse, inclosed with Dr.
Campbell's letter, is dated April 1, show
ing that it was detained a week at the
asylum; and the reader will also bear in
mind tbat this letter from Judge Huse is
in response to the newspaper articles to
which my name was signed, which were
sent to him to see if lie would be able to
identify me and would write to me, and
also to see if he was familiar with the pres
ent state of National affairs and had any
interest in the political situation. Judge
of my astonishment and delight when 1
read in his well-known hand what here
follows, the manner of abbreviating my
middle name being exactly the same as
he had always adopted, the punctuation,
capitals, etc." being given as written:
San Bebnakdino, Cal., April 1, 1896.
Joseph A. Johnson, San FranctMO, Cal.— My
Estebmxd FBIKKO: Day before yesterday (Mon
dny last j.ast) I received two newspapers from
you, one oi which, the lowa (some one
took this newspaper from me, and I do not
recollect its heading), contained au article on
Trusts, corporations, combines, <fee., in which
you conclusively demonstrated that the I'ro
ancei has received, in diminished ratio, less
and less during the past ten reals; and the
Capitalist, during the same time, more and
more, thus absorbing, like a huge sponge, the
greater part oi the proceedsol the producer's
labor; tukiug as the data for your calculation
:lie ligures published in the United States
Census returns.
No man can successfully assail the conclu
sions resulting from your prMmses. The
whole article is logically sound and unanswer
able. It ought to be copied i:no other news
papers all over the country, that the masses of
the people may be enlightened and made to
sec and understand the true relations between
Labor and Capital, and become enabled to
adopt such legislative measures as to bridle
the greed of Avarice and Usury, Trusts, Corpo
rations, Combines and other unscrupulous
unions of wealth to the impoverishment of the
Producer, the Wage-earner, the Warp and Woof
of the Social Fabric. Otherwise, d!<>o.l may Bow
in torrents in this boasted land of Liberty. I
thank you for sending me the newspaper'con
taining your article.
And now I want to tell you how it occurred
that I was forcibly seized and taken from your
dwelling-house and carried back to Napa, I
was at your hou«e just one month, from th'j
24th day of March till the 'J4th of April, 1887.
Yon left San Francisco for a lew days, &c.
[Judge Huse.iutu gives in full the details,
with dates, names of officers, etc., which need
not be given here, particularly ius In my letier
to Dr. Campbell, which appears below, all
necessary reference is made. At the close
the JudC'e says:] "Make a copy of this let
ter and send this letter back with your honest
opiniou annexed to It, stating whether you
think an Insane man bag written it, or whether
it is in my usual style. Invoking for you the
choicest b!t_ OUT Heavenly Kh t her, 1
am, as ever, your old friend, UHAS. K. HUBS.
Having my own misgivings as to the
animus of the asylum authorities, as indi
cated in the dispatches published in the
newspapers and apparently confirmed by
the long delay of a week in sending off
Judge Hose's letter to n\e, I wrote a little
guarded note to him, as follows:
San I ham iso>. A. i « r i l 10, 18f>6.
Iff Dear fifcae; Only God knows how glad
and' grateful 1 am to hear from you once more
in your oiil lueiil mill customary style of ex.
pressing yourself. I have considered well all
you nave written and will do all you request.
I tn.ve just written a long letter to Dr. If. ]}.
Campbell and assured him that your letter to
me "clearly demonstrates that there are few
so-called sune men who are his (your) equals
Insanity and clear intelligence," and I have
, >i|>i enled to him to let you go free on paroie
under the cam of faithful ('iullardo, and I am
sure he will not refuse to do so. Hut you have
waited so long that you can be patient a little
longer. If possible 1 would come to you ou the
next train. Excuse this little letter when mv
heart demands twenty pages in which to speak
to you. As ever yours,
J. A. Johnson.
Here follows the letter to Dr. Campbell,
under date of April 10:
My Dear Sir: I am indebted to yon for two
courteous letters, giving me some details in
regard to the cage of Judge Charles E. Huse.
In reply, 1 desire to impress you with my pro
found regard for him and my most earnest
desire to serve him in the most devoted and
unqualified manner possible, for 1 was more
intimately associated v ith him in Sonta Bar
bara from 18H9 to 1870 than I have been
before or since with any other man; and
during all that long period a day seldom
passed, unless one or the other happened to
be absent from the place, that we did not meet
and in the most confidential and informal
manner discuss al' matters of interest to
either of us, from the affairs of the Nation to
our own private and domestic concerns; for I
think men rarely meet who find themselves
more congenial to each other, with more
tastes, ambitious, hopes and aspirations in
common than we always had, there being no
clash that I can now recall in our views it
sense of duly, except once in a minor political
matter of a local and transient character.
In all those years, Dr. Campbell, I found
Judge Huse the most gentle, patient, generous.
modest, faithful, unselfish, public-spirited,
self-reliant, stable-minded and studious man I
have ever known. He seemed deficient in only
one quality which appears to be requisite iii
our uay to ii complete, rounded and siici essful
man, namely, a lack of self-assertion and
aggressiveness. His love of peace ami dread of
strife would have made him a moral coward
but for an almost abnormal conscience, which
never permitted him to falter for a moment in
the discharge of any duty, however irksome or
distasteful it might prove to be.
His sense of honor, li is unyielding integrity,
his alert conscience and his chivalrous love of
fair play made it impossible for him to shirk
responsibility, resort to diplomacy or yield to
the sugg"stions of policy, and with the aver
age man of mixed motives and pliant con-
SOlence he never got on well, was usually mis
understood and misinterpreted, and hence he
never became popular with politicians and
schemers. While a deeply spiritual and devout
man. his broad and generous nature made him
one of the most toierant of men toward all
faiths and aspirations which tend to make for
righteousness and a pure life. Altruism in
spired and molded his character.
Bucb a man, thus imperfectly characterized,
was Charles K. Huge as I knew him, loved him
and honored him all those years from 1 Sii! » to
1876. On leaving Santa Barbara in 187(3, it
was understood and ngreed between us that
the separation should not be for long. He was
to close up his affairs there, and we were to
settle in Oakland. But as his Dtopefiy was in
real estate and bs dull times reduced price*
and made sales difficult, he held on, and in
the meantime he met with some reverses and 1
Judge Charles £. Huse as He Appeared When He Was First Committed to the
• Asylum Nearly Sixteen Years Ago.
[From a photograph.]
encountered perplexing difficulties which
thwarted his purposes, and after a time I
learned to my utter consternation that he was
in the Napa Asylum for the Insane.
As he states in his letter which you have in
closed to me. after a detention of three months
he was discharged from the asylum and came
at once to my home here in San Francisco. We
wire both i n" need of money and he was greatly
exercised because he could not at once raise a
considerable sum on a portion of his propeity.
In all other respects he was cheerful and ra
tional as ever, with only an occasional and
momentary but utterly harmless hallucina
tion to indicate any inck of mental equilibrium
whatever; and these infrequent manifesta
tions never occurred except when some vexa
tious subject was under consideration. I am
unable to say just how he was sent back to the
asylum, as I waa away from home. On my re
turn I was told that he became violent, a po
liceman in called and he was taken away.
I have little more to add. 1 kept up a cor
respondence wltfa Dt. Doxler Of Napa for sev
eral years ns to the situation of Judge Huse,
his reports bttnsj uniformly unfavorable, and
the last one assured me that there was no hope
of the Judge's recovery. I now own to you
with sorrow and mortilication that I did not
continue my inquiries. His only daughter
lives tn Boston. She is able to care for her
father and I oannoi doubt her willingness to
do so. Hut I will conclude by appealing to you
to let Judge Huse go -forth on parole, once
more to enjoy his liberty under the care of his
faithful friend Gallardo, who may not have
the means to provide for him, but who
has what used to be considered of more
worth than wealth, the rare quality of
fidelity to a iriend in dire misfortune. If you
are riiiht in feeling that you ought to retain
him, it will uot be long before you will have
ample proof t« justify you in recalling him to
the asylum. His letter to me clearly demon
strated that there are few so-called sane men
who are his equals in sanity and intelligence.
Put aside all technical questions as to how he
was committed or why, and forget for the time
that you are an honored officer of the State,
and consider rs a man how highly you prize
your own liberty. Yours, very truly,
JOSEI'H ASBVRY JOHNSON.
While I do not charge the asylum man
agement with intent to defeat Judge Huse
in his great eftort to secure the necessary
proofs to show that he had large posses
sions in land, both in Santa Barbara and
Ventura counties, to refute the chief claim
of the medical director, Dr. Campbell, that
Hu.-e was insane, because he had a fixed
delusion that he ha:l large landed prop
erties; yet the following letter from Huse.
written April 10, was not mailed from
the asylum, where it lay in the custody
of Dr. Campbell until the 18th, eight days,
while its contents will show that such de
lay worked a serious disadvantage to
Huse, who expected an immediate answer.
And I give the letter verbatim to show
exactly the style and manner of the man,
who now writes in reply to my brief letter
to him:
San Bernardino. Cal., April 10, 1896.
J. A. Johns<n—yAx Dear Oli> Friend and
Christian Brother: My matter of the "writ of
habeas corpus," tried for two days, has been
adjourned till the 14th of this month.
1 need you here. Let nothing hinder you
from coming. It is of the most vital impor
tance to roe.
Your expenses will be paid here, both for
coining ami returning to San Francisco.
Please bring with you "Mason's History of
Panta Barbara anil Veutura/' Also ft tile of the
Santa Barbara Press iv the year when the
tremble waa concerning the big rancho. if
you can find it bring also that purt of the
Times, Boust's paper, in which the squatter
articles were published, and to which you
fearlessly, manfully, nobly replied, while Mr.
Jietts was our minister. Your old and fast
friend, as heretofore, Charles E. Htse.
P s.— lf you cannot arrive here by the 14th.
be here as soon after that day as possible. I
must have your testimony. I cannot suuply it
by any other witness. C. E. Huse.
This letter was not mailed till the 18th,
as before stated, and on the 17th 1 was
served by the Sheriff of San Francisco
with a subpena to be in attendance on the
Superior Court in San Bernardino on the
23d. I left on the steamer Santa Rosa on
the 19th (Sunday) at 11 a. m., having no
knowledge of the existence of the letter,
which was delivered at my house on Mon
day, the 20th, and immediately remailed
to me at San Bernardino, where I received
it when it was impossible for me to supply
the proofs named in the letter. This let
ter was put in evidence by me as a wit
ness after I had shown it to Dr. Campbell
as a witness and asked him for an explana
tion, which was to the effect that lie was
away from the asylum for a day or two
and he was sorry that it had been delayed.
He made a similar explanation as to the
delay of six days in the mailing of the
first letter of April 1.
On the morning of the 23d, at 10 o'clock,
1 met Judge Huse at the Courthouse, and
he at once recognized me in a very hearty
manner. We were given an opportunity
to converse together on the steps of the
Courthouse for three-quarters of an hour,
and when called to the witness-stand, in
response to a question by the court, I testi
fied that had 1 closed my eves an«l made
allowance for the loss of Judge Huse's
teeth, which gave his words a muffled
sound, I could not have recognized any
difference in the Hus • of 1876 and 1896. so
far as the tenor and substance of his talk
were concerned ; that he had greatly
changed in appearance from an erect and
alert man to a bent old man, unkempt, ill
dressed, and his manner wholly changed
by the loss of his glasses, as he is ex
tremely near-sighted, not being able to
distinguish a friend's features two or three
yards away.
Tue trial lasted three days, and I was
called to the stand as a witness each day,
my testimony mainly relating to Judge
Huse's leading characteristics as a lawyer
and as a man, and to his property inter
ests, including his contention with squat
ters and others who sought to dispossess
him of his property, more particularly of
the great rancho known as the "Los
Prietos y Nujalayeirua." In summing up
the ca«e and rendering a decision, which
occupied an hour. Judge Otis stated that
he hail never experienced more difficulty
in reaching a decision in any case, and in
remand'ng Judge Huse to the asylum it
was rather to secure for him the proper
care which he needed on account of cer
tain harmless hallucinations and personal
peculiarities and habits which might be
the result of his continuous confinement
for so many years and in constant associa
tion with inmates who are unquestionably
insane.
If it had been shown to the court during
the trial that any competent person stood
ready to care for the petitioner (Huse)
and render him such attention and ser
vice as it was certain, from the testimony
adduced and not contradicted, he at times
would be sure to need, there would be no
valid objection to granting his petition to
be released from further restraint. In
giving the substance in brief of the deci
sion the local daily newspaper, the Times-
Index, closes the report in these words:
"At the same time Judge Otis stated that
he had rarely seen, in court or elsewhere,
such a remarkable memory and evidences
of strong mentality, and that few attor
neys at the bar were able to conduct an
examination with more ability or to state
a legal proposition more clearly."
in consultation with Judire Otis in his
chambers, after ihe decision and the court
had adjourned, he urged upon me the pro
priety of taking steps at once to secure the
appointment of a suitable guardian for
Judge Huse and assured me that there
would then be no obstacle to prevent his
release from the asylum. In several con
versations which I had with Dr. Campbell,
in charge of the asylum, he gave me un
qualified assurance that he would have no
hesitation in releasing Judge Huse in the
care of a guardian who could and would
take proper care of him. It has been my
privilege for many years to have pleasant
relations with Judges of our State Su
preme Court, and I desire to say
here that I know of no one of them
in twenty years who was or is the supe
rior, in judicial temper, legal attainments,
mental balance, logical acumen, power
and clearness of statement of Judge Otis
of the Superior Court in San Bernardino,
or who is held in higher esteem by the
community in which he resides.
I will close by saying that in a private
interview with Judge Huse, with no one
in attendance, I became thoroughly satis
fied that he should not be discharged until
he has a proper guardian to care for him ;
but Ido think he should be released as
soon as possible in charge of such a guar
dian, and that it would be a crime to de
tain him when such guardian can be se
cured. Joseph Asbury Johnson.
MINNIE, A NEW JERSEY CAT.
Trouble Made by Her Prejudice Against
Singing and Loud Preaching,
When Minnie was born no one in the
household could see that she gave promise
of being unlike other cats. Her mother
was a tabby cat of graceful form and af
fectionate disposition, but not remarkable
in any other way. Minnie was a tabby,
too, and, like her mother, of small and
narrow build. She soon developed a
strong affection for the daughter of the
tamily, a girl of 12 years, named Lucy.
When Lucy was at home she and Minnie
were constant companions. Minnie usually
took regular open-air exercise, but she was
sure to be by Lucy's side when Lucy was
ready for school and to accompany her as
far as the garden gate.
Then she would leap to the top of one of
the gate posts and watch until her mis
tress got out of sight. vVhen Lucy came
home Minnie never failed to meet her at
the street corner and accompany her back
to the house, capering about her feet, or
sometimes springing up to her shoulders.
Lucy had to do a great amount of prac
ticing at the piano. Minnie would sit upon
a chair near by and blink with apparent
appreciation all through the preliminary
practice of scaies and finger exercises.
When these were over and the etudes were
begun she would arouse herself and climb
to Lucy's shoulder, where she would
remain, occasionally rubbing her cold
nose lovingly against Lucy's cheek. As
soon as the practicing of pieces began she
would spring over to the top of the piano
and seat herself. At times, when the
rnasic especially appealed to her, she
would glide down to the keyboard and
with one of her little forepaws strike two
or three notes in succession and look up
into Lucy's face as if she would say, "You
see, 1 can do it, too." Then she would
resume her place on the piano cover and
remain until the hours for practice were
over.
Thus the music lessons passed for many
days, but on one eventful day Lucy began
to sing. Minnie's hair rose on end. She
lashed her tail from side to side, and in
blind fury she chased round and round the
piano top until she seemed to spin. Lucy
stopped singing.
Minnie quieted down and jumped into
her lap for caresses and consolation.
Presently Lucy resumed the sineing. Then
Minnie gave voice to her feelings. She
howled and wailed until the whole family
— mother, auntie, grandmother and the
boys — came to see what was the matter.
Nobody ever tried to practice singing in
Minnie's presence again.
Minnie was as good about the house as
a watchdog, starting at a strange step or a
noise, and a ring at the door bell would
take her at once to the door, where she
would stand and growl and spit until she
was assured that all was right.
One Sunday evening Lucy and her
mother and aunt started for the Methodist
church at the far end of the big New Jer
sey city where they live. Alter going a
considerable distance they discovered that
Minnie also was a member of the party.
She often followed them about the streets
near home, but as she wrfs not wanted that
night, they took pains to see that she was
bent back. When she was out of sight
they went on. They reached the church
and took seats. The service besan.
Then, to the horror of the party, Minnie
slowly walked forth from their pew, passed
up the aisle and took a seat upon the altar
rail facing the congregation. She sat blink
ing at the people. The preacher arose and
announced his text. Pretty soon he grew
excited, shouted his words "ol warning and
pounded nis desk in old-time Methodist
style. Minnie, too, grew excited. She be
gan walKine back and forth along the altar
rail. As the preacher became more .and
more vigorous in his language and gesticu
lations her tail swelled and she lashed it
back and forth. Finally she burst forth
with howls and wails which drowned the
preacher's voice.
A deacon came to the rescue of the
preacher and tbe service. How he secured
Minnie and what he did with her Lucy
does not know, for she was too frightened
to look; but when she and her mother and
aunt reached home after the service Min
nie met them at the corner as if nothing
unusual had happened.— New York Sun.
BOTANICAL CURIOSITY,
It Is a Most Unusual Growth
of a Eucalyptus Tree.
About the most grotesque tree to be
found in California is one growing on a
ranch near Warm Springs. It is an or
dinary specimen of the eucalyptus variety
and was planted about ten years ago along
with a lot of others, it being the owner's
| intention to make them serve as a wind
break.
For some mysterious reason all died ex
cept one, and that has, as the farmers say,
"all gone to stalk." At first this tree
made a very slow growth, but did not at-
Strange Growth of a Eucalyptus Tree
Near Warm Springs.
[From a sketch.]
tract attention as anything unusual. It
showed no disposition to be anything but
a sapling. It gradually grew higher and
higher and never put out branches except
at the top.
The tree is now nearly ninety feet high
and all there is to it is a pole of a trunk
with a bunch of sickly looking leaves at
the tip end.
It is much higher than trees of this
species generally, and the straightness of
the trunk is also remarkable. The bark of
the tree is as it should be, and so is the
wood. The conditions of the locality
where the tree i 8 planted seemed particu
larly adapted to it, so no reason can be
given for its growing as it does.
This tree can be seen for miles around,
as it rears its bunch of leaves high above
the level country. It is of no earthly use
and certainly cannot be considered an or
nament, but the owner of the ranch lets it
grow as a curiosity, and says there is no
telling what it will eventually turn into.
Musical Item.
The minister. Parson Downyconch, was
at dinner with the Chaffie family. Johnnie
spoke up and said:
"Can a church whistle?"
"Why do you ask, Johnnie?" asked the
clergyman kindly.
"Because pa owes $12 back pew rent,
and he says he is going to let the church
whistle."
After the clergyman had taken his de
parture there was a vocal solo by Johnnie.
— Texas Siftings.
NEW TO-DAT.
FA a.- From U.S. Journal of Medldnt
>** A Prof. W. H. Peeke, who
H 1 R ' Epilepsy, has without
.j ■ I L Epilepsy, has without
»"^B H I wk. • doubt treated and cur-
2 * ■ H ed more cases than any
B' Q 'Q living Physician ; his
I k 1 success is astonishing.
J^ A± tAalP^/ We have heard of cases
of 20 years' standing
C* cured by
• _^. him. He
I f I IffiSV."
j 9 K^l W\ Hi ■ I ease, which
large bot-
tie of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address.
\Ve advise any one wishing a cure to address
*rof.W. H. PEEKE, F. D., ♦ Cedar St., Hew Tor*
DADWAY'S
n PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. ' Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the food, cauaa
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowels
, natural In tneir operai on without griping
1920
SOCIETY
WEDDINGS and engagements 1
have been the only topic of I
interest in social circles dur
ing the past week.
The engagement of Miss j
Delmas, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. M. j
Pelmas, and Lionel Fitzgerald-Kennv, tel- I
t-fjraphed from London the other day, was
a delight as well as a great surprise to the j
many f;iends of the young lady in this i
City.
Miss Delruas is the youngest daughter of !
P. M. Delmas, the attorney, and a grand- j
daughter of the late Judge Joseph S. Hose, |
who died in this City a few years ago. Her
eldest sister is the wife of William S.
Barnes, the District Attorney of San Fran
cisco. Mrs. Delmas and her two Uaugh- j
ters, Miss Antoinette Delmas and Miss J
Josephine Delmas, left a little over a year j
ago for Europe.
The ladies had been living very quietly
in Paris, with occasional trips to Italy and
the south of France. It was while tour
ing Italy that they made the acquaintance
of Miss Kenny, sister of the harpy groom, j
Mr. Kenny was first introduced to Miss
Delmas in Paris.
The groom's family is one of the oldest
in Ireland. The original Hugh de Nugent
went to Ireland es the Baron of Delvin in
1215. In 14fXj a descendant was com
mander of the forces in Ireland as Lord
Delvin. In 1681, Richard, the fifteenth
Baron, was created an Earl. The mem
bers of the family were all prominent in
the army and on the bench during the
past two centuries. The present Earl of
Westmeatk was Baron in IS7O. He has ?
two brothers and four sisters living. He
is the eleventh Earl. His brother William >
was born in 1871, and his brother Gilbert in !
1880. His eldest sister was barn in 1866.
Lionel Fitzgerald-Kenr.y is a direct i
descendant by a younger son of the eighth !
Earl, William Thomaa Nugent, who was j
also known as Lord Riverston. The mother j
of the groom died in 1879.
During their stay in Paris the Misses Del
mas have been devoting much of their time j
to the study of languages and to literature, j
Visiting the various art galleries has been j
for them a source of constant delight as !
both young ladies have most artistic capa- ]
bilities.
The wedding will take place in a London j
church on Thursday, the 21st inst., and will !
be a quiet affair, only the relatives of the ■
two families being present at the cere- ,
mony. The young couple will then make '
a tour of the Continent. They will reside j
on the estate of the husband in Ireland. |
Mrs. Delmas and Miss Delmas will pre- i
sumably remain another year in Europe be- i
fore their return to California.
The other engagement which has not
only interested but astonished the world j
of society is that ot Miss Isaoel McKenna !
and Peter Donahue Martin. The young |
couple have been engaged for the pa«t !
month, and it wa3 not intended to an- j
nouuee the betrothal to the friends until i
the 25th, the date of Mr. Martin's return
from the south, but it inadvertently be
came public.
The young lady who is to be the bride of
Mr. Martin is the eldest daughter of the
Hon. Joseph McKenna, Judge of the
United States Circuit Court of this City.
When her parents left Solano County for
Washington, D. C, where Judge McKenna
served four terms as Congressman, Miss
McKenna accompanied them, and entered
the convent at Georgetown, where she
graduated with honors, the first of the
class of ".ft.
When her father was appointed Judge of
the United States Circuit Court by Presi
dent Harrison the family moved to San
Francisco, and Miss McKenna made her
formal debut in society here. She soon be
came a great favorite with the younger
society set, and was prominent at all social
gatherings.
Miss McKenna has long enjoyed the
reputation of being one of the beauties of
the younger set. Tall and slender, with
patrician features, she certainly deserves
her well-merited succees.
In addition to her many charming per
sonal traits, Miss McKenna has rare men
tal attainments. She is one of the best
read of all the society girls, and the honors
that she bo deservedly won in college she
has maintained in her brilliant social
career.
Miss McKenna made her debut in so
ciety three months ago at a small tea
given by her parents at their residence on
Franklin street. The young debutante
•was an immediate success. Her charm
ing manners, especially her low, sweet,
well-modulated voice, endeared her to all
who met her, and no entertainment was
considered complete without her presence.
Peter Donahuo Martin, the happy man,
is the eldest son of Mr 3. Eleanor Martin
and of the late Edward Martin, one of the
early pioneers of California, who died
several years ago a multi-millionaire. He
is also the nephew of the late Peter Dona
hue and of the late ex-Governor Downey
of Los Angeles.
Mr. Martin received his early education
in California, and then went to the George
town College, near Washington, D. C,
where he graduated a few years ago, and
then returned to thia coast to take active
charge of the estates of his father and
uncle, Governor Downey.
He is at present in the south, where he
manages the Downey estate, with head
quarters at Los Angeles. He also has a
large undivided interest in the Steams
ranch, and manages that large tract of
land, as well as rhe Warner ranch, sitn
a»ed in San Diego County, near the Mexi
can line, and embracing hundreds of
thousands of acres. At present he is at
the Warner ranch with his younger
brother, where he went a week ago.
With all his close attention to business
lie has been quite a favorite in society
circles in this City. He is a member of
the University and Burlingame clubs, and
uikcs an active part in outdoor exercises.
He has played in several poio games, is a
good tennis-player, and has been promi
nent in the gatherings of the Friday-night
Cotillon Club and other society functions.
The date has not yet been set for the
weddinz, but it is stated that it will be
celebrated early in the summer.
Although the wedding of Miss Hannah
Williams and Walter Scott Hobart is to
be an extremely quiet affair, and the
guests who will witness the ceremony
have been limited to twenty-eight in all,
including the family, interest in the nup
tials of the charming young couple is un
limited, and the community at large unites
in wishing them ail possible joy. The
Williams cottage at Fan Rafael, where the
wedding is to be celebrated, is an ideal
home for a marriage. Honeysuckles and
fragrant, climbing roses almost conceal
the outward architecture and nil the home,
with its hospitable open doors and case
ments, with a delicious fragrance.
The wedding is to be solemnized in the
family *6itting-room, a handsome apart
ment with artistic, old-fashioned furnish
ing. The decorations, as far as consistent,
are to be ail in pink.
Bishop Nicuois, assisted by Rev. M.
hartman of St. Paul's, San Rafael, is to
perform the ceremony. Robert E. Neil,
Grandfather of the bride, will give her
into the keeping of the happy young
groom.
After the ceremony there is to be a
bridal breakfast, at which covers will be
laid for twenty-eig'.it.
The guests will include, besides the im
mediate members of the high contracting
families, Miss Mary Eyre, Miss Bertha
Smith, Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss Harriet
Allen of Ross Valley, Dr. Tevis, William
laylor, Fred McNear, Brigadier-General
Forsytb, Dennison Forsyth and Minister
Willis and Mrs. Willis.
As may readily be imagined the bridal
trousseau is elegant and magnificent.
Madame Lowenberger was selected to make
the bridal gown and the bridesmaids'
Presses and has achieved the greatest suc
cess.
The bridal gown is of cream-white satin.
The jupe is en train and perfectly plain.
The "balayeuse" consists of five "flounces
Df old Duchesse. The corsage is cut high.
The back is without a seam ond the front
of the bodice as weil as the small modish
sleeves veiled with a fleecy mesh of tulle.
An escharp of duchesse, falling in points
over the sleeves and ending at the waist,
is the only adornment of the gown, which
is characterized by its elegant simplicity.
Miss Hobart and Miss Williams, the
bridesmaids, will be attired alike in pink
silk gowns, with white swiss overdresses.
The slips are made of pink silk— the shade
of the sea shell— and perfectly plain. The
overdresses are all tucked with tiny
pleats, all hand-made, that have kept ten
girls busy from early mora till late at
night during the past week.
Between each eight tucks there is an
insertion of Valenciennes and a flounce of
the same dainty lace finishes off the hem.
A pink silk cash will be worn round the
waist.
The bride's going-away dress will be a
tailor gown, with a rough blue straw hat
to match.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED
Preparations for Jane Weddings Occupy the
Attention of Society,
The engagement is announced of Miss Paul
ine Dresner to Morris Xeuman oi Kings City.
The engagement of Miss Edith May Mc-
Lellan, the artist, of Oakland, and Dr. George
E. Bushncl! of this City has been announced.
The wedding of Miss Lena Gerst, daughter
of Garrison Gerst, and Ignatius Lowengart of
the firms of \V. P. Fuller & Co. and of M. Sr-ller
& Co. of Portland, will take place on Tuesday,
June 2, at the residence of the bride's parents,
on the corner of McAllister and Pierce streets
Owing to the illness of the bride's mother the
afftiir will \>c private.
The engagement is announced of Miss Gussie
Jacobs, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. Jacobs, to
Julius Heyman of the firm of Heyman &
May* r, and brother of the well-known violin
ist, Henry Heyman. They will receive their
friend* Sunday afternoon, April 12, from 2 to 5,
at :{»);» Van Ness avenue.
The wedding of Andrew Cassidy and Mrt.
Catharine O'Kiley is unnounced to take place
at St. Kosc's Church at 2 F. 51., Saturday, Muy 2.
J. K. Glover of Santa Cruz is to act as best man,
ond Miss O'Riley will be the maid of honor.
Tne wedding of Miss Hedwii? Wallenfels of
this City to Louis Wegner of Merced will take
place the 11th inst.
WEDDINGS.
Two Ont-of-Town Wedaingg of Interest to
Ban Francisco Society.
The wedding of Captain E. C. Generaux of
the schooner Marion of San Francisco and Miss
Elizabeth C. Weeks of Bakcrslleld took place
at St. Paul's Church of that city on Wednesday
evening, the 30th nit., at 8:30 o'clock. The
bride entered the church escorted to the altar
by her father, E. C. Weeks, preceded by tho
ushers, Wright Jewett and Rufus Weeks, who
were immediately followed by Master Charles
Weeks and Miss Daisy Crafts, leading little
Annie Weeks, who strewed flowers iv the path
way of the bride.
The bridesmaids were Miss Lotus Kratzmer
and Miss Lily Generaux. and the maid of
honor Miss Lucy Weeks. The party were met
at the chancel by the groom and his best man,
G. E. Bennett of San Francisco. The ceremony
was performed by the Key. E. J. Lion of St.
Stephen's Church of this City, assisted by Rev
F. D. Miller of Bakersfield".
There was a quiet wedding at the San Rafael
residence of Carter P. Pomeroy, the attorney
at-law of this City, Saturday last, when his
niece, Miss Grace Ely of Cleveland, Ohio, was
maTied to Mr. Koenig, manager of the Grand
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
Opera-house of Paris, France. The bride is
the daughter of Samuel P. Ely, a wealthy
resident of Cleveland, who is spending tne
summer on this coast attending to his mining
interests.
The groom came on from France, expecting
to be married at the home of the bride, Dut Mr.
Ely's interests kept him on this coast, and the
groom continued his trip to this City.
The ceremony was periormed by the Rev. Dr.
Hartman of San Rafael. Only the relatives of
the contracting parties were present.
Mr. ami Mrs. Koenig left for Paris on Tues
day, where they will reside.
The marriage of Miss Josie Sotiner and Fred
Dowell was celebrated Monday evening last at
the residence of Mrs. Schulte.'llS Fell street.
The Key. W. D. Williams officiated. Mr. Thomp
son ai'ted as best man and Miss Lizzie Sonner,
sister of the bride, was bridesmaid, and Miss
Dora Morehouse officiated as maid of honor.
The bride looked very eharminp in her gown
of white silk. After the ceremony had been
performed and congratulations offered the
guests, numbering sixty, headed by the newly
mated pair, repaired to the banquet hall,
where a delicious Btipper was served. Toasts
were numerous. Miss Schulte, in a humorous
vein, responded to the toast of our leap year.
Mr. and Mrs. Dowell have left for Monterey,
where they spend a brief honeymoon.
There was a pretty and interesting wedding
solemnized on Saturday last at St. Boniface
Church, the contracting parties being Miss J.
W. craves, daughter of B. Graves, the well
known carriage builder, and Edward V. Golly.
Father Maxmalian performed tne impressive
ceremony. The church was artistically deco
rated with choice flowers and evergreens and
was crowded with the many friends of the
happy young couple. After the ceremony the
bridal party and invited guests repair?d to the
residence of the bride's parents, 1013 Filbert
street, where an elaborate breakfast was
served. The house was lavishly decorated
with choice blossoms, conspicuous among
which was the handsome marriage bell and
in which the happy couple stood while their
many friends offered them sincere congratula
tions.
The bride was attired in a magnificent
gown of white brocaded satin, elaborately
trimmed with Duchesse lace.
Bhe whs attended by the Misses A. Grave and
Katie Qiiudt. who were attired alike in modish
fon on of j.ink Dresden silk. M. W. Golly acted
it- best wan, and J. \V. Graves, Dr. G. Cagliere
aril William Koch Jr. were the ushers.
Mr. and Mrs. Golly have left for a southern
bridal tour and on their return will reside at
H)l<in Powell street.
On Tuesday evening, April 28, at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Knutsen, 33 Liberty
street, San Francisco, Miss Annie, eldest daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Morris of Uckfleld,
Sussex, Eng., was united in marriage to Wil
hnm Piirry of Selby. Loving hands had care
fully attended to the decorations of the dwell
ing, and nt 8 o'clock friends began to assemble.
The impressive ceremony was performed by
Rev. E. B. Stewart of the Second United Pres
byterian Church at San Francisco. The bride
looked lovely in her costume of white,
trimmed with lace and orange blossoms and
bridal veil. Mis« Mollie Morris, sister of
the bride, acted as bridesmaid, and Mr.
Jones as best man. After the cere
mony an elaborate supper was served. The
bride and trroom received many costly and
useful presents. Mr. and Mrs. Parry will make
their future home In Vallejo, Cal.
MUSICALE.
Musical Beception in Honor of Herr Anton
Bchott.
The reception given by the Baroness W. yon
Meyerinck at her residence, 815 Fulton street,
Thursday evening, complimentary to Herr
Anton Schott, the German tenor, was a partic
ularly delightful affair. The hostess was as
sisted in receiving her guests by Miss Grace
Duvis, Miss Maud Fay, Miss Caroline Herrin
and Miss Celia Decker. All the ladies were
handsomely gowned.
During the evening a delightfnl impromptu
musical programme was rendered, Herr Schott
and the hostess adding greatly to the intereu
by their vocalization, and the quartet, Miss
Decker, Miss Fay, Miss Davis and Miss Herrin,
rendered several numbers. At midnieht an
elaborate supper was served in the dining-room
and hallway of the lower floor. After sunper
there was dancing. Among the guests were:
Mrs. C. Edward Brown, Mrs. Davenport of
Oakland, Miss Brayton, the Misses Wall of
Oakland, Mrs. George F. Bowen, the Misses
Bowen. L Hamilton Howard, Miss Hathaway
of pan Lorenzo, Miss Cosgrave, Mrs. William
T. Herrin, Miss Herrin, Rosco Warren Luev
Mr?. C. A. McComber, Mr. ai.d Mrs. Charles E*
Miller, Mi?s Peterson, Miss Hilda Newman'
Dr. Newman. Miss Henry, Mr. and Mrs Peter
son of Alameda, C. W. Parker, Mr. and Mrs
Smith, Miis Maude Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Decker
of Alameda, the Misses Decker, Dr. and Mrs
Wimerburry, B.Taylor of Oakland, Mrs J. X
Wilson. Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Mrs. Withrow"
Miss Withrow, Mr. and Mrs. Woodward.
HOME GATHERINGS.
A Number of Delightful Entertainments Dur
ing the Fast Week.
Miss Gertrude Van Wyke gave a tea on
Thursday last at her residence, 2424 Bteiner
street. She was assisted in receiving by Miss
Bertie Bruce, Miss Margaret Cole and Miss
Edna Van Wyke.
Among those present were: Miss Carrie
Ayer, Miss Mabel Bacon, Miss Kathro Burton,
Miss Susie Blanding, Miss Bertie Bruce, Miss
Leontine Blakeman, Miss Margaret Cole, Miss
Ruth Clark, Miss Flora Dean, Miss Lola Davis,
Miss Agnes Durhing, Miss Alnette Edwards
Miss Charlotte .ludson, Miss Ethel Kennev
Miss Maud Mullins, Miss Marie Messer, Miss
Edith Perry, Miss Sophie Pierce, Miss Georgie
Smith, Miss Gertrude Palmer, Miss Jessie
Simpson, Miss Edna Van Wyke, Miss Helen
Wright. Miss Grace Woodrow. Miss Maud
Woods, Miss Marie Wilson. Miss Marie Wells
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss Charlotte
Field, Miss Alice Lindley. Miss Rose Freeman
Miss Alida Ghirardelli. Miss Clara Hamilton,
Miss Jessie Hobart. Miss Jeanette Hooper, Miss
Reed Hutchings, Miss Helen Wagner.
A most enjoyable party was given by Miss
Meta Goedecke last Saturday evening at her
home, 537 Montgomery avenue. The evening
was pleasantly spent in dancing, singing and
gmnes, after which the guests partook of a
dainty repast. Among those present were:
The Misses Bertha and Lillian Gehrels, Emma
anil Lilhe Koch, Bertha Uarenber*, Lulu Mc-
Lane, Irma Ransom, Tillie Schiitter, Mary
Barbee, Violet Sllvestri, Messrs. Richard Don
ovan, George Henderson, Loring Collins, Al
bert Gresty, Alfred Fear, L. Faure, Antone
Rossi, R. O'Claire, Thomas A. Valrey, F.
O'Claire.
On Saturday evening last Mr. and Mrs. G. A.
Casey celebrated the first anniversary of their
wedding at their home, 627}<£ Vallejo street.
The foliowing guests were present: Misses P.
and E. Armstrong, Mrs. Beach, Miss Sarah
Beach, Mr. and Mrs. Boehmer, Mr. and Mrs.
Casey, Miss W. Carty. Miss Gusaie Crowley, Mr.
and Mrs. Dormer, Mr. and Mrs. Foge, Mrs.
Josephs, Miss Irene Harms, Miss Josie John
ston, Miss Charlotte Kin*, Miss Myra Pratt,
Mr. and Mrs. S&bin, Miss Strand, Mr. and Mrs.
Thompson, Miss Bertha Wallace and S.
Bresagarli, Grant Cole, J. B. Cole, Otto Eppler,
T. j. Johnston, Walter Johnston, George Mor
mon, G. W. Perry, Frank Valero and Sumner
Black.
During the evening the company were en
tertained with recitations by Miss Bertha Wal
lace ana Miss Irene Harms and vocal and in
strumental selections by the Fedora Quartet.
On Saturday evening, April 25, a birthday
party was given to Miss Lottie Folbrath at the
residence of her parents on Park avenue, Ala
medn, which was largely attended by her
many friends. The members of the Violet So
cial Club of Alameda and the Frolic Social
Club of San Francisco were present in a body.
The evening was very pleasantly spent in
songs, games, etc. J. Tiilman Herring of the
Frolic Social Club rendered some much appre
ciated solos, both vocal and instrumental. At
midnight the guests repaired to the dining
room.which had been very tastefully decorated
for the occasion with flowers and bunting, and
partook of a substantial supper.
* A most enjoyable affair was the social
gathering that was held at the residence of
Miss Goldie Zucker, 437 Eddy street, on Fri
day evening, the 24th nit The hostess was
assisted in receiving by Miss Sarah Subosch.
The guests were delightfully entertained with
music furnished by me Menlo Club. Refresh
ments were served, after which the festivities
were resumed. Those present were* Mr. and
Mrs. Zucker, Mr. and Mrs. Subosch, Miss
Sarah Subosch. Miss Bessie Borren,
Miss Mary Abrams, L. Braver, Louis
Ancher, Ike Hassen, Miss Phcebe Lach
man, Mrs. Julia Lachman, Pnc Lewis, Charles
Claussen, Miss Tillie Fricdlander, M. Peiper.
Henry Lewald, L. Hess. I. Hopkins, I. Gold
stein, Mr. Sullivan, Miss Frances Friedlander,
G. Goldberg.
On the 3d inst. Miss Goldie Zucker left for
the fiesta in San Jose. Miss Zucker will be the
guest of the Misses Birdie and Hattie Appieton
of that city.
CLUB EVENTS.
Recent Festivities of Interest in Local Organ-
ized Circles.
The bon-bon party given by the United Social
Club, in California Hall, on April 25, was a
most delightful success. The hall was taste
fully decorated with cut flowers. Smilax
artistically entwined the chandeliers, and the
many lights, charming music and the beauti
ful costumes of the ladies made the evening
one long to De remembered. Fitzgerald's
orchestra was stationed under a canopy of
National colors, and about B:3o dancing Degau
a nd continued until 10, when a grand march
was formed and the bon-bons distributed by a
lady and gentleman member of the club.
The march was led by Miss Dollie Anderson,
who looked charming in a beautiful white
dre6B, and Kobert Abell. About 150
couples participated in the march, and the
bon-bons created a great amount of amuse
ment. The committee who so successfully
managed the affair and who deserve treat
credit for the success of tne evening were:
Floor manager, William Ryan; assistant floor
managers, Frank Creede, Miss N. McDermott,
J. L. Moore, Miss A. Mc( nrty, Miss Dollie
Anderson; reception committee, Miss Susie
Desmond, C. S. Pendergast, Robert Abell, Miss
Joste McCarthy, P. J. McGlinchey, Miss M.
Gibbons, Miss K. Edmunds; P. McGlinchey,
president; K. McDermott, vice-president.
A farewell entertainment was given by the
scholars of the eighth and ninth grades, Hami
lton Evening School, in honor of Harry R.
Bennett, who is to depart for South Dakota.
The following programme was presented:
Opening address, Dan Dauahy; piano solo. H.
Lohman; song, Inez Page; recitation, Arthur
Johansen; cornet solo, John Ctthill; recitation,
David Deneny; song, Christiana Bluxome; reci
tation, Lena Levin ; piano solo. Bertha Frankel ;
recitation, Dan Danahy; song, Eli Springer;
song, "America," class.
At the conclusion of the entertainment a
speech was made by Mr. Beunett, thanking the
scholars for the interest taken by them. He
snid that he had been completely surprised
and that he knew no words to express his
thanks to those who had taken part.
Among those present were: Mrs. Levin. Miss
Mdiivern, Mrs. Bennett, Mrs. Rosetti, Miss B.
Frankel, Miss Myrtie Winterstein, Miss Inez
Page, Miss Cnristiana Bluxome, Dan Danahy,
Louis de F. Bartlett, Master H. Bennett, Mr.
Leland and others.
San Francisco Sorosis on Monday elected the
following ladies to office for the coming year:
President, Mrs. William B. Carr. Vice-presi
dents—First, Mrs. G. J. Bucknall; second,
Mrs. J. L. Moody; third, Mrs. H. E. Hunt
ington; fourth, Mrs. J. C. Stubbs.
Mrs. W. R. Eckert, recording secretary; Mrs.
John M. Chretien, corresponding secretary:
Mrs. William Manning, treasurer: directors —
Mrs. Irving M. Scoit, Mrs. D. J. Murphy, Mrs.
M. J. McDonald, Mrs. F. Q. Sanborn, Mrs. M. 11.
Higgins, Mrs. Richard Rising, Miss Fannie de
C. Miller.
15 THE FUTUEE.
Entc-rtainmenta Announced by tho Various
Bocial Clnbs.
St. Alban's Sunday-school (W. G. Badger,
superintendent) will give an entertainment
and social at Foresters' Hall, 102 O'Farrell j
street, on Thursday evening, May 14, for the
benefit of the .Sunday-school.
The Mystics' nineteenth monthly party will
be held at Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday even
ing, May 13. Evening dress will be strictly
enforced upon the floor and Invitations must
be presented at tne door.
Bermingham Council No. 59, Young Men's
Institute, will give a grand entertainment and
ball next Thursday evening, May 14, at Union
square Hall, 421 Post street A feature of the
entertainment will be an original farce, enti
tled ''Justice," presented by the members of
Borroinean Council No. 129. V. M. I.
Harmony Chapter No. 124, Order Eastern
Star, will give an entertainment ana social on
Friday eveninir. May 15, at Laurel Hall, Shiels
building, 32 O'Furrell street.
PERSONALS.
The Misses Elisa and Helena Fleury enter
tained as their guest Miss Kosa A. Sparks dur
ing the past month at their summer residence
in Mill Valley.
Mi>s Gusse Dawson was the guest of Miss
Louie Borden during the "Carnival of Roses"
at San Jose.
Mrs. Minnie Crocker and Mrs. Rebecca Gall
have removed to 527 Charter street, Oakland.
Dr. and Mrs. L. Y. Oviedo have returned
from their bridal tour and will receive their
friends on Thursdays at -109 a Oc.k street.
Mrs. B. Brilliant of Los Angeles is in the City
and will be pleased to see her friends at 1152
Golden Gate avenue.
Mrs. Hubburd and the Misses Hubbard of
Stockton are visiting in San Francisco.
Mrs. B. M. Phillips, accompanied by Miss
Rosina Green, have gone to San Jose, where j
they will spend a few weeks.
Dr. F. H. Stahle, superintendent of the City ;
and County Hospital, has engaged an ark for \
his family. They will summer at Belvedere.
Mrs. Cabell H. Jones of Oak street will
shortly leave for Vermont, where she will j
spend the summer.
George H. VVartield, cashier of the Bank of
Healdsburg, has been in the City the past few
days visiting his father, General R. H. War
field of the California Hotel.
Mrs. Starßhouse of Stockton is visiting rela
tives in this City.
Mr. and Mrs. Baker and family, accompanied I
by Mrs. J. 11. Veght, are visiting in San Jose.
Mrs. M. Mayers bas gone to San Jose on a visit
to her duughter, Mrs. g. Denkert.
Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon are the guests of Miss
Slaybelle Clary at Stofkton for a few days.
Mrs. D. Meyer, accompanied by her daugh
ter. Miss Clara Mayer, and Miss Florence Bock,
are visiting in Healdsburg.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Crooks leave this week
for their country home in Santa Rosa to spend
the summer.
Harry Clay, who has been visiting his mother
in Stockton, has returned to this City.
Mr. nnd Mrs. George E. Raum of San Fran
cisco were in Paris at last accounts.
-Miss Mabel Aver is entertaining Mias Gene
vieye Bunker of Chicago.
Miss Alva Cousins is spending carnival week
with the Misses Kextons of San Jose.
i*r. and Mrs. Charles M. Plum Jr. and family
have gone to Oakland for the summer.
M i ss Lucille Levy left for San Jose to be the
guest of her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Yoell, during the carnival.
Mr. and Mrs. Farrington of Stockton -are vis
iting friends in Berkeley and San Francisco.
Mrs. It. Goodman left on Sunday for a visit to
Portland, ur. She will be the guest of her sis
ter. Mrs. N. Goodman.
Mr. and Mrs. M. p. Wolf and their daughter.
Miss Lrnestiue Wolf, leave on May 10 for an
e.\teiided Eastern visit.
K. c. Baker of this City is at present at Caza
dero.
Mrs. M. A. Rogers and her son, George May
Rogers, lias returned to the City after a visit
of lour mouths in Los Angeles, San Diego and
Coronado.
Miss Maud Howard of Oakland, who is at
tending lectures at Stanford University, will
leave on May 15, with her brother, Karl
Howard, for Newport, R. 1., to attend the wed
ding of her brother, O. Shatter Howard, and
Miss Mollie Hunter.
M iss Eleanor Wood left for the Eastern States i
last Tuesday, and will be away about six !
weeks.
Mr. ai.d Mrs. A. B. Moulder moved over to
Blythedale last Monaay, where they have
secured a cottage for the season.
Mr. aud Mrs. George A. Pope and Miss Carrie
Taylor 6allea from New York City last
Wednesday for Europe. They will be away all j
of the summer, most of which they will pass in
Paris.
Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas and Miss Mol
lie Thomas will close their City residence on
May 23 and go over to San Rafael to reside for
several months.
Miv McNutt, Miss May Hoffman, Miss Jenn.'e
Blair and Miss Laura McKinstry have been the I
guests during the fiesta of the Misses Clark at j
their home in San Jose.
Frederick R. Webster sailed for Europe last
Wednesday from New York City.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks will go over to San
Rafael next Friday to reside there during the
summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin have
leased the cottage of Mrs. A. Page Brown at
Burlingame, where they will reside during the
summer.
Baron and Baroness yon Schroder will leave
the City on June 1 to pass the summer in San
Rafael.
Mrs. John R. Jarboe returned to Santa Cruz
last Saturday and is occupying her cottage,
Concha del Mar.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Dodge and their niece,
Miss Clark, will leave on May 16 for the East
ern States, where they will travel for several
months.
Mrs. Richard T. Carroll visited friends in San
Jose during the carnival.
Horace G. Platt has returned from his East
ern trip.
Mies Ethel Cohen and Miss Lizzie Carroll
went to San Jose on Friday to witness the rose
carnival.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Philip Smith of Santa Cruz,
who have been at Monte Carlo for some time,
are now in Paris. They will not return home
until next October.
Mrs. Jerome Case Bull (nee Jarboe) has been
quUe ill recently at Concha del Mar, in Santa
Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward W. Peck, who have re
cently been the guest* of Mr. and Mrs. Henry
L. Dodge, left for their home in Vermont last
Monday.
Mr. and Mrs. C. El wood Brown after an ex
tended trip through the mountains and mining
districts of Amador County are now at home
on Pacific avenue.
HIS BROKEN PROMISES,
How the Quarrel Between
Cleveland and Hendricks
Originated.
The President Failed to Carry Out
Agreements Made When He Was
bat a Candidate.
"But can Thomas afford to accept?"
Mrs. Thomas A. Hendricks asked me
when I read a telegram to her announcing
the nomination of Mr. Hendricks for Vice-
President on the ticket with Grover Cleve
land. Indiana Democracy had been wild
with excitement for months in anticipa
tion of the nomination of Hendricks for
President. Cleveland and others had been
mentioned, but the Democrats of the
Hooaier State knew but one man in all
America who was fit, worthy and entitled
to be the National party's standard-bearer,
and when the second place was given to
their favorite, in the bitterness of their
disappointment they asked as did Mrs.
Hendricks, "Can Thomas afford to ac
cept?"
This was in 1884 when Grover Cleveland
gave the old leaders an exhibition for the
firrt time of his consummate skill as a
political mixer and manipulator. That he
was adroit on that occasion there is no
doubt whatever, but then he has
been adroit enough on every oc
casion since that capture of the party
to do about as he liked and I have
watched with considerable interest his
methods. Cleveland is not the stubborn
and self-willed politician that some sup
pose him to be, but he is all that and a
good deal more when wearing the robes of
office. The immense majority, nearly
200,000, he received when elected Governor
of New York was misunderstood by him.
Inste ad of understanding it as a rebuke to
the Republican ring he looked upon it as
an expression of the confidence of the
people in himself, such as no other man
ever received, and it so turned his head
that he soon came to the conclusion that
Providence had sent him into the world
to rule mankind and that mankind could
not get on without him, but that did not
binder him from studying the ins and outs
of practical politics, nor to overlook the
sleek methods of Tammany.
But this is a digression, although it
serves to lead tip to revelations of the
man's true character. Mr. Heiuiricks. who
was himself a thorough, but an honest,
politician, made an analysis of Cleveland's
methods to capture the nomination for
President, which convinced him that for
his own good he had better have an under
standing with the head of the ticket be
fore accepting second place. Pressure was
at once brought to bear upon Mr. Hen
dricks to accept, for, it was urged, he
would have to pull the ticket through, if
it ever got through. But the wily old
Indianian said to tnern all, "Give me time
j to think it over." Upon his return from
the Chicago convention I called at his
! residence at Indianapolis, and when I
1 asked when we might expect his letter of
acceptance, "I will tell you," he said, "but,
as they say, 'not for publication.' I do
not know that I shall accept at all; any
way, not until I have had a clear, positive
and certain understanding with Mr. Cleve
land."
"That is an unusual procedure, is it
; not," I said.
"Perhaps so," Mr. Hendricks replied,
"but I have never met Governor Cleveland.
Some of the' New York delegates to the
convention know him quite well, however,
and after listening to recitals of their ex
periences with him I concluded the wiser
course for me would be to have a confer
ence with him before agreeing to run for
Vice-President."
"Of course," I said, "if you have a con
ference there would be no danger of a con
flict of opinion and policy between your
letters of acceptance."
"I am not thinking of that at all," he re
plied, "but I shall not accept the nomina
tion until Governor Cleveland gives me
satisfying assurances that, if elected, the
Vice-President will not be a mere fifth
wheel to a wagon. The office of Vice-
President must be elevated to where its
incumbent will not only be the principal
official confidant and adviser of the Presi
dent, but he must be substantially on a
parity with the President in the matter of
patronage, and also there must be less dis
tinction than heretofore in a social way
between the President and Vice-Presi
dent."
Being enjoined to necrecy, of course 1
did not "give it away" to the newspaper I
represented, but I awaited with interest
Mr. Hendricks' return from his conference
with Cleveland. Meanwhile the pressure
that was being brought to bear upon Mr.
Hendricks to promptly accept was becom
ing almost too gr at for a human being to
bear. The "boys" wanted to go to work,
but until Hendricks accepted there could
be nothing to enthuse about.
When it suited his convenience Mr.
NEW TO-DAY.
LOSE MILLIONS.
Tobacco Manufacturers Out
$10,000,000 in '95.
Prospect of Still Larger Loss in '90.
Great Anxiety in Tobacco Circles.
CHICAGO, 111., May B.— it was reported here
to-day that a large sum oi money had been of-
fered for the tobacco habit cure No-To-Bac
famous all over the country for Its wonderful
cures. This offer, it is said, was made by par-
ties who desire to take it off the market and
stop the sale, because of its injury to the to-
bacco business. General Manager Kramer of
>o-To-Bac, when interviewed at his office 45
Randolph street, said:
v "No, sir. No-To-Bac is not for sale to the to-
bacco trust. Certainly No-Tcßac affects the
tobacco business. It will cure over 200 000
people in 1896, at an average savin? of $50
which each would otherwise expend for to-
bacco, amounting in round figures to $10,000,-
000, Of course, tobacco dealers' loss is gained
by M th ! cured ', Do £l Ko-To-Bac ■ benefit physi-
cally .' "i es, sir. The majority of our patients
report an immediate gain of flesh, and their
nicotine saturated systems are cleansed and
made vigorous. No-To-Bac is sold by druggists
throughout the United states and Canada,
I under absolute guarantee that three boxes will
in.^L 048 Failure to cure means the
j money back. Of course, there are failures, but
| " they are few and we can better afford to have
the good will of an occasional failure than the
i money. \\ c publish a little book called/Don't
. Tobacco Spit,and Smoke Your Life Away, 1 that
| tells all about No-To-Bae, which will be"malled
I free to any one desiring it. Aadress the Ster-
lor New Yo k y " C °" Chlc * Montreal, Canada,
Hendricks journeyed down to meet Cleve
land, and a day or two later it was flashed
over the wires that "of course Mr. Hen
dricics would accept— that ho had never
had any other purpose, and that he and
Governor Cleveland were in perfect accord
as to policy and all else." I met Mr. Hen
dricks soon afterward, whan he told me
that Mr. Cleveland promptly and most
cheerfully conceded that his (Hendricks')
demands were not only reasonable and
right, but that they were entirely in har
mony with his own opinion of what rela
tion the Vice-President should sustain to
the President— "a kind of joint adminis
tration of the affairs of the country," as
Cleveland put ii.
It was not long after the inauguration of
Cleveland and HendricKs before hints be
gan to fall here ana there that the rela
tions between the distinguished gentlemen
were very much strained. To me this was
no surprise, for I knew certain of Hen
dricks' friends did not cct the positions
that were promised them, and not one of
them blamed the Vice-President. I never
believed for a moment that Cleveland in
tended to keep faith with Hendricks, and
so when I next met Mr. Hendricks, which
was in the following autumn, I made haste
to find out how matters stood between
himself and the President. "It would do no
good and might do much harm to publicly
air our differences," Mr. Hendricks said,
"but I will say for your own information,
but not for the public just now. anyway,
that Mr. Cleveland has repudiated every
promise he made at our interview when I
agreed to accept the nomination for Vice-
President. lam grieved at this revelation
of his character, most, however, because
he is sure to wreck the party sooner or
later."
"Do you mean," I asked, "that Mr.
Cleveland is already planning tor a second
term?"
"Yes, and not only for a second but a
third and as many more as he can get.
Moreover I am satisfied that he was pre
paring'to get the machinery of the party
in hand for that purpose at the very time
he accepted my terms as the condition of
my candidacy for Vice-President. My
friends are beginning to understand that
it is no fault of mine when tbev are turned
down. But if my name helped in any way
to win the victory of November last surely
I am glad that I accepted the nomination,
for the party's good is the first considera
tion always, but for many other reasons I
regret very much that I uid not promptly
refuse to accept before leaving Chicago.
I think Mr. Cleveland's acts and interpre
tation of Democratic principles will do
great harm to the party."
1 had a suspicion at the time, and not
without good reason, that the agreement
between Mr. Cleveland and Mr. Hendricks
included a promise from the former that
the machinery of the party should be run
in the interest of the latter's candidacy
for the nomination for President by the
next convention, and the vehement man
ner of Mr. Hendricks when he told me of
Cleveland's ambition in that direction re
moved all doubt from my mind. I felt
confident that Mr. Hendricks agreed to
run for Vice-President and carry Indiana
for the ticket under a promise that he
should head the procession four years
later. Ana I may add that, in my opin
ion, it was his betrayal more than any
thing else that sent Mr. Hendricks to an
untimely grave. He was the soul of
honor, and to be betrayed by a friend was
too much for his great and good heart.
The cold-bloodedness of President Cleve
land's plan to break with the Vice-
President wounded Mr. Hendricks deeply,
for it was the dragging in of social and
personal matters in a way that was calcu
lated to establish intensely hostile relations
between Mr. Hendricks and several of the
leaders of the party in Indiana. Ex-United
States Senator McDonald and Mr. Hen*
dricks were good enough friends to work
together for the party's good, but there
was a bitter feud between Mrs. Hendricks'
"set" and Mrs. McDonald's "set," and
under no circumstances could they have
met upon common ground in Washing
ton's social life. All this was told to Cleve
land by a mischief-making friend, who
knew that it was just the wedge the Presi
dent was looking for. Mr. Cleveland had
his strikers give it out that he was ex
ceedingly anxious to give McDonald a high
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
Kohlberg^ 107-109
, a **—^ \ Post Street.
JkZ/LI W-tlSo * 199D-199A
Frohmati>^ ROT St
Every one of these
items a bargain, s e r A k
O the new styles.
Low prices are created and maintained at our stores. Others may
have them for a day, an hour, but we have them all of the time.
In fact, but very few of our real bargains ever get newspaper men-
tion. . " :[-^-rr-'_l:9
Dress Goods. f
FANCY MIXED CHEVIOTS— IOO
pieces to choose from, pin or shep-
herd checks, nice stylish colorings-
such as tan, gray, brown, navy,
etc., 36 inches wide, worth 35c, 1 CC
sold this week at JLO
(Market-street store only.")" Yard.
REAL ENGLISH MOHAIRS — 75
pieces to choose from, 20 patterns,
stylish iridescent effects, full 42
inches wide, were 50c, our special - OK.C
price ; oO
(Market-street store only.) Yard.
GENUIXE ENGLISH COVERT
CLOTHS — The satin - finished,
double-faced kind, strictly all wool,
50 pieces in the new spring shades
of tan, gray, brown, etc., 54 inches
wide, an Ideal cloth for cycling or CfkC
outing costumes ;.... OU
(Market-street store only.) * Yard.
Parasol Chance.
This week a special offering of Car-
riage and Fancy Parasols; only two
lines mentioned, but a dozen equally
as good bargains ready for your
choosing. ■
CARRIAGE PARASOLS-Fine black
silk, one wide ruffle, full lining,
• i a Snif ancy nandle . the regular ©I in
$1 50 kind, marked this week...... «Jpl.lU
(Both stores for these.) - Each.
FANCY PARASOLS^rnTaffeta silks,
plain silks.chiffon and lace trimmed,
light and dark colors, -stripes and
" floral effec.s; those that weae $7,
SI and offered this week . a . c . *?: $3.00
*4and v ' 3)O.UU
(Both stores for these.) Each.
Laces Reduced.
The first pick of fine laces and
trimmings for the summer of 1896
has, of course, been made, but there
are still many beautiful patterns to
choose from, and the stock is yet
complete. Instead of waiting until
clearing sale 'time we make special
reductions now. For example—
NORM AND IE VAI* LACE, white
only, 6 inches wide, an assortment
of very pretty, patterns, the kind QIC
that was li'Vic reduced to. U3
(Both stores for these.) Yard
POINT DE VENISE LACE, in ecru
only, 3, 4 and 5 Inches wide, ,
choicest patterns, the kinds that OKO
were 50c and 600, now. *-d
(Both stores for these.) Yard
Veiling Special.
FANCY SILK MESH VEILS, with
raised chenille dots, trimmed on
three sides with cream Honlton lace, -
they are worth 50c, that is the price
asked everywhere, special this ore
week....... &O
(Both stores for these.) Each
position of some kind in the administra
tion, so that it could have the benefit of hii
own great ability as a jurist and statesman,
as well as the social influence of his
family. Now, Cleveland never intended
to give McDonald anything, but big
scheme worked so well that Indiana's
social and political worlds were thrown
into the wildest commotion. Naturally
Mr. Hendricks stood by his wife and her
"<jet," as did Mr. McDonald by his wife
and her "set." Then the personal frienda
and political following of Hendricks and
McDonald took sides, and right then and
there Mr. Hendricks' hopes for the nomi
nation of his party for President in 1883
were blasted, his power to control patron
age broken, Mr. McDonald was dropped
for good and all, and Cleveland was
supreme in the command of the Demo
cratic party.
The domestic life of "Thomas and
Eliza," as the intimate friends of Mr. and
Mrs. Hendrick3 were wont to call them,
was an ideal one. There was nothing in
their going and corning that had any rela
tion whatever to aristocracy, yet two more
polished people could not have been found
in America. They were very happy i t
their own companionship, but they were
exceedingly fond of the society of their
friends. This will, in some measure, give
a glimpse of their home Jifo when alone:
I called early one morning to say
good-by before leaving Indianapo i
and found Mr. Hendriclrs in his
shirtsleeves and "tied up" in a.
white apron helping his wife "to clear off
the breakfast table." "To what base uses
may not a Vice-President of the I
States at last come, madam?" I jot;
remarked. "Our girl," said Mrs. Hen
dricks, "was taken ill last night, and
Thomas is helping me with the kitchen
work, as you see." "I rather like it, be
sides it gives me more time to be with
Eliza tnesebusy political times," observed
Mr. Hendricks.
On leaving their house I met a lady, an
old friend of the Hendricks family, and I
related to hsr what I had just seen and
heard. "Yes," she said, "Thomas and
Eliza will always be lovers, and were he
crowned King and she Queen of America,
the simplicity of their home life wouiu
continue." Abmoud.
UPWARD TENDENCIES.
The Prices of Wine and Grapes Climb
ing Higher Very Rap
idly.
Wine experts say the outlook this year,
so far as prices are concerned, is more
promising than it has been for a decade.
In speaking on the subject, John
Wheeler, manager of the California Wine
makers' Corporation, said that the trend
of prices this year will carry them away
above expectations.
"You see," he said, "the figures are
these: The output last year was 9,000,000
gallons; this year it will be 4,500,000. The
annual exports for the last few years have
been 16,000,000 gallons, and the home con
sumption has been 6,000,000 gallons. This
gives a total of 22,000,000, but as this rep
resetits 4,000,000 gallons of sweet wines it
leaves the market demand for dry wines
at 10,000,000 gallons. Last year the wine
men were already drawing upon their ac
cumulated stock, and all they have now to
supply the demand is about 5,000,000 gal
lons.
"Grapes have taken a correspondingly
high range. At Glen Ellen and Bonoma
they are offering $30 a ton. In Napa Val
ley they are offering $25 and $30 a ton, but
there is not much of a crop there. In
other places grapes are proportionately
high."
Mr. Wheeler thinks the price of wine is
going over 25 cents a gallon within a short
time. Offers of 20 and 21 cents are already
being made.
Carbuncle on His Neck.
Captain Robinson of the City Prison has
been suffering severely for the past week from
a large carbuncle on the back of his neck.
Yesterday afternoon he had an operation per
formed upon it at the German Hospital, and
afterward it was reported that he was resting
Silks Half Price.
SILK RHADAME, 21 inches wide, In a good
line of colors, such as nile, light blue, CAC
myrtle, steel, slate, garnet, etc. Special OU
price to close Yard
(Both stores for these.)
ALL SILK SURAH, 24 inches wide,
good durable quality, in a variety of
color effects, such as old rose, reseda, hel- cAC
lotrope, gendarme, etc. Our special price «JU
to close Yard
(Both stores for these.) .
ICAIKI SILKS, 21 Inches wide, large line of
checked and striped effects, in light blue,
pink, cardinal, brown, tan, black, white, 1 CO
etc. Biggest bargains of the season at i-D
our special price * Yard
(Both stores for these.)
Wash Fabric Chances.
A special cut in three choice lines
to make quick selling In the Wash
Goods* 1 Departments next week.
FINE DIMITIES— Very sheer. About 40
new patterns and 1896 colorings: will -
■ make the daintiest, coolest seaside and
mountain frocks imaginable. This week! AC
reduced from 16c to X\J
(Both stores for these.) Yard
PERSIAN EFFECT FAILLE— soft fin-
' ished ribbed cotton fabric that so closely
resembles faille silks in appearance. A
dozen patterns and colors. Reduced this CC
week from 20c to It)
~ (Both stores for these.) . Yard
DAINTY PRINTED LA WNS-Forty inches
wide; so sheer as to be almost trans- *:
parent; lovely floral . designs. Reduced
this week from 25c to £\)
(Bom stores for these.) Yard
Collarettes.
BLACK SILK NET COLLARETTES,
with velvet bows, some plain, some ■■,
with colored dots, made very full,
one of the daintiest neck dressings
of the season; special price this C»"|-flO
week — «ml—
(Both stores for these.) Each
Boston Bags.
CLOTH SHOPPING- BAGS, made of
black or brown rough cheviot •
leatherette linings, nickel and
leather trimmings; they are the
proper kind for up-to-date shoppers, ©1-OO1 -OO
instead of $1.50 3bl-
(Both store's for these.')"*"** Each
New Belts.
NARROW LEATHKK BELTS, I%'
inches wide, with slightly nickel
buckles, black only; regular 50c Q^O
kind .:..... -.. . . fjd
xr.T,T,^,,^ Both stores for "these.").**-*" Each
NARROW GILT BELTS, with fancy
buckles, a special purchase of this
latest fad in beltdom: they are IVi
Inches wide and should be at least OCC
50c; our special price ■ AO
(Both stores fer these.) * EachCOLONEL WARREN'S
OLD CURIOSTY SHOP.
late Colonel James L. L. F.
Warren had for years been plan
ning for the classification of his
X belongings, being desirous of put
ting beyond the perils of the auc
tion counter snch of them as were of rare
historical vaiue. He seemed quite hale
and hearty only a year ago when he in
formed a friend that "the very thought of
executors pawing around and hawking
bis collection to idle-minded sightseers
haunted him." But the colonel's object,
VIEW OF TUE INTERIOR OF COLONEL WARREN'S OLD CURIOSITY SHOP.
[Sketched by a "Call" arttit.]
in thi? respect, was never accomplished.
The idea of himself making a disposition
of his effects never got beyond the stage
of intention, and when he passed out of
the world of flesh some three weeks ago
his curios and his treasures cf literature
science and art were still scattered about
his veritable "old curiosit3'-shop" at 1004
Howard street, and the confused heaps of
his papers, books, magazines, pictures and
relics were almost bidden underneath the
undisturbed dust of months.
To-day the executors are performing the
laborious task that Colonel Warren laid
out for some historiographer, and the rich
mementos of old times that represent the
patient in-gathering of four score years
may soon be disposed of in the very man
ner that was invested with perils to
the mind of the pioneer — under the auc
tioneer's hammer.
Old Colonel Warren was a walking en
cyclopedia of information. He possessed
a splendid memory, and from the year
1815, when a mere child of 10. he continued
to collect and store papers and periodicals
that might become of value at a future
day. It is to be regretted that the Colonel
did not find time, in his later years, to
write a volume with reference to his col
lection, for much of the interesting history
of many of the relics was buried forever
when the man whose chief pride they were
was laid below the reaches of the sun.
Still, as you push or sidle your way
throueh that memory-haunted snop with
its wealth of old books, cases of relics and
mineralogical specimens, stacks of
albums, tiunka and boxes filled with his
tory-breathinc letters and manuscripts
and tokens from everywhere, and march
through a narrow aisle, upon each side of
which newspapers are piled from floor to
ceiling— and when you are assured,
furthermore, that heaped up there out of
eight are complete files of leading papers
and magazines from the very beginning
of the century — you hardly feel that any
fuing is needed to inform you of their
value. The books and capers speak for
themselves, and the late owner had
labeled many of the relics with a careful
pen.
The executors are taking an inventory
of the contents of the shop, and it will be
weeks before they can possibly form an
estimate of the value of the collection.
It is rather a puzzle where to begin to
describe the mass of things in this long,
dark room. In the first glass case that !
FILLS OF OLD NEWSPAPERS . WERE PILED AS". HIGH AS THE CEILING.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
| meets your gaze as you enter, you may be
! hold some Fiji Island musical instrn
i ments, an elephant's grinder, a shark's
! tooth and then a piece of the ship Cad
! mus, in which that famous friend of
! America, the Marquis de Lafayette, made
j his first trip to the united colonies in 1777.
Colonel Warren prized that bit of wood
1 dearly. To his intimate friends he would
' sometimes, wnile in a reminiscent mood,
! picture the scene of the laying of the cor
j nerstone of Bunker Hill monument in
j 1525. Lafayette was there, the guest of
1 the Nation, and Warren, tben only 20
SOME OF THE THINGS TO BE SEEN IN THE OLD CURIOSITY SHOP.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
years of age, was one of the guard of
ho:ior to the Frenchman who played so
glorious a part at the side of Washington.
And so that piece of the sbip Cadmus told
volumes to the eye of the nonagenarian.
A few stops further on is a work of art —
"Bunker Hill Monument" — made of rare
and beautiful shells, crystals and moss
agate. On the floor below it is a cannon
ball dug up by young Warren in 1823 on
the hillside where his immortal namesake
inspired the Continentals by flaming
words and flashing sword to deeds which
hewed a way for liberty.
Would you know something of interest
about the early history of agriculture in
California? The tall broom, with the very
lone brush, leaning against yonder case,
will tell you a little and give you a hint as
to where you may find more. The label
on it reads: "First broom made in Cali
fornia — 1852. Exhibited in Sacramento
at Warren's Agricultural Fair on
.1 street." In fact, Colonel Warren
held the first agricultural fair in
tne Golden State, and he has been
styled "the father of husbandry in Califor
nia." He is credited with having been the
foremost man at the dawn of statehood
here to call the attention of the general
Miblic to the desirability of cultivating the
soil and of seeking fortune by its tillage
rather than continue the crush to the
crowded mines. Herelies a box containing
sixty specimens, each in a little bottle by
itseif, of California native flower seeds,
packed in 1852 and 1853. A catalogue ac
companies the box. May not some spe
cialist in floriculture find value in these?
Might not these same seeds serve to ex-
Elain away a doubt as to some fact of a
owers nativity?
Over there in the corner, black with
dust, is a sack of flour of the first, ever
manufactured in California. It was made
by Warren himself in 1853.
Look around at the paintings on the
wall. Let us wipe away some of the dust.
Ah! there is an ancient painting by
Rudolf Wargitzky. Berlin, entitled "The
Piper and the Madonna.". It is excellently
well preserved. An oil painting of General
John A. Sutter, by one of the early Cali
fornia artists, occupies a prominent place.
It is said to be the finest likeness in ex
istence of that man whose name is so
indelibly associated with our pioneer
times. An oil portrait of the "good gray
poet." Walt Whitman, harms next to i[
and next to that aqainis a portrait of War I
ren, painted by W. C. Pratt at Boston in
1627.
Stacked up on a table is a pile of samples
of California woods prepared by Thomas
Hatch, woodworker. The samples em
brace the yellow pine, big-tree sequoia,
laurel, ash, fir, curly redwood, live and
white oak, maple, alder, white cedar,
shitam wood, camphor, pear, birc'i, ma-f
drone, sugar pine, sycamore, nutmeg,
plain redwood and walnut varieties.
Here is a set of carved ivory chessmen,
marvels of exquisite workmanship. A
slip of paper in the box informs the curi
ous that '"this is the best set of chessmen
on the Pacific Coast and it was purchased
from Samuel Bran nan, then of the firm o
Osborn & Brannan,on Montgomery street,
in 1849, and I paid $50 in gold lor* them."
The colonel valued highly an iron model
of the burial casket of Napoleon the Great,
purchased in Paris in 1847. It is made so
as to serve as an ink well.
Between the yeari 1820 and 1845 Colonel
Warren conducted the Nonatnum Vale
Gardens, at Brighton, Mass., and among
his effects is a visitor's record-book of that
resort, containing autographs of such
illustrious Americans as Webster, Clay,
Calhoun, Emerson, Longfellow, Brvant
and Elian Burritt.
Colonel Warren traveled in Europe with
Ole Bull when the latter was in his prime,
and about the shop are numerous pictures
and autographs of the great master of the
violin. At the bottom of one large like
ness of himself the musician wrote:
Homage to Colonel Warren, the father of
agriculture in California, the father of the
homeless, the father of his friends, the stanch
defender of liberty in the aits and sciences
and the protector of his admiring friend,
OLE BULU
San Francisco, March 4, 1870.
In the mountain of papers, above referred
to, the deceased only a year ago ventured
the opinion that there were nearly 2,000,000
of newspapers and periodicals. " Had the
colonel lived for another decade, the in
crease in his newspaper collection would
have crowded him out of doors.
A copy of the "California Silk-Growers'
Manual,' by Louis Prevost, pioneer silk
| cuiturist of the Paciiic Coast (1867), is
marked "very rare — price $25."
Stumbling over a coral tree from the
Solomon Islands, you run against a table
lull of rare books. There is a "Collection
of Church Music," by the Boston Handel
and Haydn Society, printed in 1823, and a
complete set of the British poets— well
bound and finely preserved, in fifty
volumes— edited by Robert Walsh Jr., and
published by Samuel T. Bradford, Phila
delphia, iv iS22. Rare books abound on
the numerous shelves.
One of the rich mementos of famous
people is a large cnest made of a combina
tion of gold, silver and copper, and said to
have been the treasure 6afe of the great
Rolla of Peru.
The collections of old European and
American coins, and of stamps from nearly
nil nations, are extensive and valuable.
There is no telling, indeed, what a new
wealth of curios and relics may be dis
covered when the contents of the old shop
are thoroughly explored.
Toward the close of the colonel's life he
was constantly at his desk in the dusky
room during the daytime, uno at night he
reposed on a cot in a valley between his
mountains of papers. The old place was
more than a home to him. He lived there
among old friends and darling memories
and dreamed old dreams over and over
again. He prized everythine in tne shop,
even to the type with which he had long
ago printed the California Farmer. T»e
colonel in his day had been hotel-keeper,
temperance lecturer, merchant, newspaper
editor and agriculturiot. At last his rela
tives forced him to leave his treasure
house in order that his life might be pro
longed in a more healthful atmosphere
and by a more regular mode of living.
He had to be carried out, and he made
those who gently bore him halt at the
doorway while he cast a iong, lingering,
reluctant, farewell look at his busts and
his birds and his pictures and dis books.
Then he said, "Let us go," and the vete
ran of 90 years was driven away — bis last
journey but one, the journey to the grave.
Ub
Yes, we propose to conduct our whist
articles to reach and assist the beeinneir
who will study a little. We also intend to
remain in shallow water, and not to wade
out "over our heads," which seems to be
the fashion with those that go into print
possessed with a smattering knowledge
of the game. It is the custom with many
whist writers to tell all about the "grand
coup," the "fourchette," the "echo of the
call," the "sub-echo" and other things
before they try to get their readers
out of their whist kilts. Like many others
that play at the game, in our own opinion
we knew more about whist before we ever
read or knew there was such a thing as a
book published on the game than we did
after ten years of hard study. For about
five years we have been a pupil of Miss Kate
Wbeelock, and if the little queen will per
mit us to be one of her loyal subjects five
years more we will continue to be one of
her pupils. Her judgment and knowledge
of the game is so great that no question in
whist ever comes up that we do not
suDmit the same to her royal highness
as well as other whist authorities and no
one is ever more willing than our queen to
help aloug tho^e who are trying to help
themselves. This much we have said in an
swer to letters received, asking if ourwnist
coiumn will continue, as it has started in,
to help those who are williug to study a
little.
""Whist" for April is just at hand.
Many things that are said in this num
ber will be food for the "lad" players.
The columns of Whist are open for writers
on the game from all schools, and just
now before the June congress takes place,
Whist is undoubtedly encouraging this
class of players to get them to show up in
full force at the congress, and prove by
their play that their different systeniß of
faHs have or have not . to stand on.
Iv the game just at the prabtdit time
there are a lot of players who arc beating
a ''ioin-tom," or playing on one string,
called the short-suit game. Every whist
player of the first rank knows there are
times when a hand demands the opening
of a short suit just as well as other hands
demand the opening of the long suit. It
is not possible for it to occur in the lifetime
of an individual that two deals in
whist were ever exactly alike, consequently
they are never played alike. Some three
years ago, in an article that appeared in
the Brooklyn Eagle on tne subject of how
to open the game and how your partner
should treat your original lead, we made
the following statement:
When the original leader opens a plain suit,
with both elements of strength declared, his
partner should put forth all his energies to es
tablish that suit immediately and briiitf it in
later, and not try to establish one in his own
band. In this case, when the partner obtains
the lead for the first time, If he' has a card that
will assist in the establishment of his partner's
suit, he should lead it at once, always bearing
in mind that a very long suit will seldom, if
ever, go round more than twice: or, should he
have four trumps, better still commence at
once to exhaust them, if no one has "called 1 '
or started a cail. It is often the best whist to
do so, even from three, particularly if you have
a re-entry card and can force the last trump
from 'he adversary. In this case 1 would al
ways do it.
Again, should the original leader open a suft
not very strong, and his partner lias a better
one, he should inform him at once by his re
turn lead, speaking by the card, and should
say, "The suit I am leading from is a better one
than you opened, aud therefore you must
abandon yours and assist me to establish this
one iv my hand."
The essence of all good whist piny is to make
all the tricks possible in each hand. In our
opinion the long and strong suit system is the
best way of accomplishing it. But should
neither you or your partner hold such a suit,
then I contend is the time to go in for a rufling
or short-suit game. I claim that it is not good
whist for the original ieader to open his best
suit aud expect his partner when he cut-, the
lead to do the same, merely to show the strong
suit of each partner, as advocated by some au
thorities. There is no case on record where in
one deal two plain suits were ever established
and brought in. This being a fact what Is the
use of following such line of play.
In this same article the writer took issue
with Cavendish and urged the adoption of
the fourth best from aoe and four small.
Since his letter was written the latter has
become universally adopted in this coun
try.
"Commenting on the above letter John
H. Briggs, whose fame as a whist-player
and whist'writer is known wherever whist
is played, says:
Your advice upon the return of your part
ner's suit was a great surprise to me. It has
been a wonder that whist-players have not dis
covered the truths which you teil your readers
on the subject. You ought to have a great
deal of interest shown in your good work, but
I suppose the "cranks" pass it by because it is
free, and probably most of them can beat the
books.
As a warning to short-suit players we
submit the following from the pen of
Milton C. Work in the Evening Telegraph
of a recen: date on short-suit leads without
vital reason :
We do not know a Philadelphia player of
any considerable whist caliber who belleVes in
short-suit doctrines, but there are many who
take an occasional "Uyer." A short-suit hand
which occurred in the second lour match be
tween Hamilton and Art last night, however,
will doubtless prove a warning against such
experiments in important matches. The
leader cards were four trumps, king,
ei«ht and two small, ace, queeu, jack
and two others of one side suit, a
small singleton and a three-card suit, headed
byaten. The lead of the ten cost live tricks,
and would have cost six had a trick not been
lost in the end play by the other side. Yet
this is the ifieal short-suit hand, viz.: open
ing a strengthening card and keeping a tenaoe
to be led up to. The player who led the sbort
suit got his tcnace not led up to but led
through and found the king solus to his left.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
We nre asked "When that Woodland
match is to take place."
James H. Doolittle of the St. Nicholas
Ho.el, an ardent devotee of whist, ar
ranged a match came between the Wood
land Whist Club of Woodland and th-
Trist Duplicate Whist Club of this Citye
and for some unknown reason he backs,
out.
Wo are asked our opinion in regard to
the original lead of jack or queen from ace,
king, queen, jack and others. It is a mat
ter of no great importance, but it certainly
simplifies the jack lead, and for that reason
alone we consider it a good innovation for
advanced players to lead queen from this
combination, and when you lead jack you
deny holding the ace.
G. H. D.— On trick 4 East led 8 of dia
monds. West holding 4 small should re
tain the lowest— play third best — when
he cannot head the trick; for the pur
pose of enabling partner to count num
ber, and on second round of the same
suit he should play second best remaining.
WHISTLETS.
On Saturday, June 27, t&e last day of the
A. W. L. congress, there is to be a bicycle
parade, and it is estimated that at least
10,000 wheelmen will oarticipate. All
whist-players and delegates are recom
mended to bring their wheels with them.
The Call would like to ask how a whist
player could get there without "wheels" —
they all have them.
The international whist match proposed
by the Whist Editor of The Call is very
likely to bear fruit. The London News of
April 7 says a move is on foot to attain
that end.
C. S. Averill and wife of Syracuse, N. V.,
have been spending a few weeks in Cali
fornia. Mr. Averill and our Whist Editor
were boys together — no wonder he loves
whist. Mrs. Averill is a student of the
game also.
SAN FRANCISCO WHIST CLUB.
(Announcement for May, 1896.)
The ladies' trophy play will be continued as
already announced. Regular tournaments on
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday evenings
will be as heretofore. No prizes will be awarded
excepting on the evening of Wednesday, May
20, when the couple making the highest num
ber of points above the average (subject to
handicap) >ylll be awarded prizes.
The continuous play of straight whist for
prizes, as previously announced, will continue
until further notice. The game will be found
interesting, and it is hot>ed that each member
will qualify for the prize by playing the requi
site number of thirty games.
The entire front page of Leslie's Weekly,
one of the leading illustrated papers of
New York, is given up to a beautiful draw
ine, "An Evening at Whist."
E. C. Howell's new book now in press
will be out in a few weeks. It will treat
on the "Strategic Game."
The announcement for whist play in
the Trist Duplicate Whist Club for May is
the same as April, with one exception.
No more straight whist will be played on
Saturday nights. Duplicate only — visitors
like it better.
The whist play ot the great French ex
pert Deschapelles often called forth out
bursts of applause, such ns handclapping
and cheers from the onlookers. We know
of only one instance in this country where
such a thing happened.
Whist-players in England always score
honors. Players in this country never do.
ANSWERS TO PROBLEM 5.
We received fifty-three letters inclosing
solutions to problem 5. Eleven out of the
number are correct. They were received
in the following order:
First, Mrs. F. H. Atwater, Petaluma; second,
J. McKiustry, San Francisco; third, J. E. Mc-
Gowan, San Francisco; fourth, George E.
Housken, Stockton; fifth, Eliza R. Dainger
field, San Francisco; sixth, H. H. Hotaling
Han Francisco; seventh. Walter A. Stafford,
Stanford University; eighth, Theo Rosseter,
Alaineda; ninth, Eglantine Caldara, San
Francisco; tenth, John B. McNamar, Atlas;
eleventh, E. C. Brown, Oakland.
The following comes from far-off Maine:
Brunswick, Me., April 27, 1896.
Dear Editor: In answer to your Petaluma
whist problem of April 12, we beg leave to
submit the following an the only natural and
practical aaswer to the question:
South takes the trick with the queen of dia
monds and returns the six of clubs. This
seems to be, without doubt, the only lead In
dicated by the fall of the cards, and if followed
out correctly gives the side five tricks.
Trumps are contra-indicated of course; it is
not a place for the short-suit lead of the single
ton Jrmjr of hearts; and the fall of East's jacs
on North's lead of diamonds bars that suit, so
the simple lead oi the long and strong suit of
clubs is all that is left. For having applied
the eleven rule, South sees that the control of
diamonds lies with himself and his partner
and it Is his manifest duty to indicate to North
the other suit on which they must rely for
tricks, the strength in trump's being declared
against them.
The other deal given in the same number re
t quires no discussion, being of course a natu
ral "slam" baud.
Though across the continent we very much
enjoy your whist items. Respectfully yours,
•The Friday Night Duplicate Whist Club."
Harry B. Rcss, Secretary, of Brunswick, Me.
When we published problem 5 we
made the following statement:
"We will give a whistbook to the first
one that sends us the number of tricks
that North and South can make playing
thi* hand asryou please, all cards exposed
or otherwise."
Mrs. Atwater was the "first" to send us
the correct solution. She wins the prize.
We request her to send us the title of the
book she would like — any one published in
this country. Mrs. Atwater's analysis of
the play is as follows:
South gets out three rounds of trumps
and at trick 4 leads the thirteenth trump
and forces a discard from all the others,
which has the most effect on West's hand.
If West discards j. heart South leads ace
of clubs then the deuce of hearts. If West
discards a diamond North makes four
heart tricks instead of five, and South
makes three diamonds instead of two.
If West should discard a club, then at
trick 6 South would lead queen club,
an.l then go on with hearts as before.
Trick 7 South must here lead his ace clubs,
as he might later in the hand block the
club Buit in North band.
This deal occurred in actual play some
years ago and is known as "the" great
Vionna coup."
PRIZE PROBLEM NO. 6
Is taken from April number of Whist. It
is by W. H. Whitneld of London.
Whist gives the twenty -second edition of
Cavendish for the best analysis.
All answers to our whist editor will be
sent to Whist, and we will give one year's
subscription to Whist for the best answer.
Spades trumps. North to lead. North and South
to make B out of the 8 tricks.
Answers will be published in June Whist;
alao in our own column.
BAB TALKS ON OLD DAYS
She Thinks People Were Much
Better a Hundred Years
Ago.
A Home and Children Followed— Now
It Is a Hotel and a Poode
Puppy.
NEWYORK, N. V., May 4.— "ln the
days of old"— that was what I heard com
ing up the staircase. Tne voice that sang
the words never knew the days of old,
though it was a sweet, clear one. But the
words themselves set me to wondering.
Were the days of old better than these
days? In the days of long ago, were men
and women any better, and nobler, or was
life more desirable? It is true that
in the days of old nobody got up
early in the morning, called "Central,"
and had a row with her to gain
the morning amiability. In the days
of long ago nobody telegraphed a "How
do-you-do" to San Francisco and got a
"Good evening" in such a short time that
it could not be counted. Ail life was slow,
and it seems to me, somehow, tnat all life
was better. There were some luxuries
missing. We did not have strawberries in
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. •
GLOAKDEPARTWIENTSPECIALS
THAT AREWORTHY OF PROMPT ATTENTION!
Our this week's special offerings SHOULD NOT BE OVER-
LOOKED BY ANY ONE WHO CARES TO SAVE MONEY ON THEIR
PURCHASES, for they include the following as well as an endless
variety of other special lines of NEW AND FASHIONABLE
GOODS, all offered at
PRICES THAT GREATLY FAVOR THE BEYER!
LADIES' SPRING CAPES.
At 51.75.
LADIES' DOUBLE FULL RIPPLE CAPES, of navy and black cheviot, with upper
cape and rolling collar, trimmed with several rows of mohair braid, worth $3 50,
" will be offered at $1 75 each.
At 52.50,
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, made of Black, Tan and Navy Blue Cloaking, upper cape
and collar braided in pretty designs, worth $4, will be offered at $2 50 each.
A.t !£3. 50.
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, made of very fine cloaking, richly embroidered in Persian
shades, '.neck finished with pleated ribbon, black, navy blue and tan, worth $5, will
be offered at $3 30 each. .
LADIES' VELVET CAPES.
A.t 53.50.
LADIES' SINGLE CIRCULAR CAPES, of black velvet, lined with twilled silk, very
neatly beaded, neck finished with ruching and streamers of satin ribbon, worth
$6 50, will be offered at $3 50 each. -?' 1
At $5.00.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAFE, of blacK velvet, with changeable silk lining, very
neatly jetted, finished at neck with ruche of ribbon and lace, worth $7 50, will be
offered at $5 each.
LADIES' SPRING JACKETS.
:• x.:; At, $5.C0.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in mottled effects, different shades, with
very full leg-o'-mutton sleeves, large bone buttons, notched collar, worth $7 50, will
be offered at $5 each. ' ?• ;';
LADIES' SUITS AND SKIRTS.
■■ i AX, S.OO. ■• •■■ v:J : - "£%
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and Double-Breasted Jackets, in navy, black
and mixed brown cheviot, with ripple skirts, mandolin sleeves, neatly finished,
worth $7 50, will be offered at $5 each.
A.t *7.50.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and Double-Breasted Jackets, in navy and black
cheviot, also check» and mottled effects in shades of gray and tan, lined through-
out and neatly finished, worth $10, will be offered at $7 50 each.
"JFrom. 42. 5O to 520.00.
A full line of stylishly made SKIRTS, lined throughout, in Serges, Cheviots, Figured
Alpacas, Fancy Blacks and Colored Goods, Figured Black Silks, varying in price
from $2 50 to f 2O each.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS.
-A.*. • <* 1 ©5.
CHILDREN'S DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, of fancy checked material, in blue,
red and brown, leg o' mutton sleeves, notched collar, bone buttons, worth $3, will
be offered at $1 95 each.
SPECIAL SALE! — Enormous purchase of Fine White Blankets
(slightly imperfect), the clean up of the mills, ON SALE AT LESS
THAN MILL COST.
PURE WOOL. CRIB BLANKETS, size 36x50 inches $2.50 Pair
FINE WOOL COT BLANKETS, size 44x51 inches $3.00 Pair
SINGLE BED L,AMB'S-WOOL BLANKETS, size 54x04 inches $4%00 Pair
DOUBLE BED MISSION BLANKETS, size 68x80 inches.., S4-.90 Pair
EXTRA AUSTRALIAN WOOL BLANKETS, size 72x82 inches..... $5.50 Pair
CHOICE LAMBS-WOOL BLANKETS, size 78xS4 inches $6.50 Pair
SPECIALLY LARGE FINE BLANKETS, size 82x86 inches $7.75 Pair
tUT" These goods cost 33>£ per cent more to manufacture.
ISrOVR NEW CATALOGUE is now bains distributed to our COUNTRY PA-
TRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
..■■ ■ ' . ,
fff/jff*^*^ MURPHY BOTLDmOv /
(/(/ laitft Street, corner if ]m% /
January, nor did youne ladies start out i
with black locks in the morning and ap
pear with blonde ones in the evening. In :
the days of old peroxide of hydrogen was
unknown on the toilet table, although j
there were wonderful mixtures for soften- I
ing the skin, for making the hair more j
glossy and the hands more soft.
People did not have as many clothes in i
the old times. A matron freshened from I
season to season the black satin or black !
silk that was her "best dress." and only |
brought out on special occasions, such as i
the marriage of a son or a daughter, the |
brocade that, it was whispered, came from
France. With this brocade was worn,
not twenty yards of imitation, but one i
yard of real lace, and, the festivity over, |
it was carefully put away and remained j
in the seclusion of a carved chest, with j
the perfume of cloves and lavender, until
another feast day came about. In those !
old days servants were better. Why? |
Because mistresses took an interest in
them, and the one that intended to marry
was assisted in getting her household
linen, while the one who nursed "my |
mother and all her children, me and all |
my children, "'wa9 buried from the house
of her mistress, often beside her mistress,
and laid to sleep forever with that best
tribute, love and sincere tears. In those
old days men made love to women
as they do nowadays, but that love-mak
ing culminated in marriage. Men spoke
to women with more reverence than they
do just now, and when young Knicker- j
bocker took to visiting Miss Stuyvesant
every Sunday night both families knew
what it meant, and Mme. Knickerbocker
and Mme. Stuyvesant loosed through tueir
linen chests to see what could be spared,
and Mme. Stuyvesant wondered if it would
be wise to give these young people, just j
starting in life, a silver tea service. Now- I
adays, their descendants demand diamond j
tiaras, necklaces and wonderful sunbursts j
that too often cover hearts that have mar
ried for diamonds and not for crowns of
love. In those old days a mother willed
her fur cloak to her daughter; it was
worth it; it was real sable or real ermine,
and styles did not change with the fancy
of every cocotte, as they do nowadays. A
well-cut, weil-made garment was in the j
fashion, and the mother's fur surcoat was I
gladly assumed Dy the daughter and willed j
by her to her eldest daughter.
In those days marriage didn't mean, al
ways, the union of great wealth and great
social power; sometimes a man married
entirely for love, and his father could sym
pathize with him, even though his mother
longed for him to wed one of the rich
young ladies who came ot an afternoon to
knit and drink coffee with her.
But the father's heart went out to the
son and he settled a dower on the poor
girl and the marriage meant the maniug
of a home; indeed, it meant more than
that. It meant surrounding two young
people with six or eight, or ten or twelve
little people, born of their love, and each
greeted gladly. Nowadays, marriage too
often means a hotel and a puppy.
I am fond of dogs, but there is no dog
that can take the place of a baby, aud no
people who are married can find perfect
happiness when they make their tamily
consist of their two selves and a dog. It is
true that there are some unhappy people
to whom God doesn't send little children;
but those to whom he does send them
should receive them with open arms and
remember that, as they are children born
of wedded love, so they will encourage and
keep young the wedded love forever. In
these days women forgot the wonderful
bond that a little child is. What foolish
women they are ! A husband may be led
astray, may sin grievously, but if he can
ask his pardon through the eyes of a little
child where is the wife who would not
grant it to him? A wife may seem foolish,
a bit tiresome, and sometimes even silly,
but if her love for her husband lisps itself
in the voices of little children her weak
nesses will be forgotten and only her vir
tue remembered. And yet there are
women who do not care to be mothers!
In those days of old, women may have
been— if such a thing is possible—overreli
gious. And such a thing is possible — in a
way. The hot Sunday dinner was un
known and children wept over the cate
chism and went to sleep and were wakened
up to hear the clergyman preach about the
horrors of hell and the certainty of small
boys and small girls getting there, but
somehow it made a good backbone in men
and women, did that queer religious treat
ment. I have known what it was to sit
upon a bench, that was uncushioned, at a
silent meeting; no preaching avainst hell
ever equaled that. For that meant two
hours of absolute silence, ending in a sigh,
of relief, when the older Quakers, who sat
up and faced_ everybody, shooK hands.
During that time there came before me, as
no preacher could have painted it,
the sins I had committed. I remem
bered kicking N°d, the dog; I re
membered sticking out my tongue
at Henry Clay, the canary bird, and I re
membered, worst of all. that when I was
sent up to the bathroom one day and told
to wash my face and bands thoroughly,
I only gave them what in ray Southern
home would be called "a lick and a prom
ise." I tell you, my friend, that a still
meeting of two hours will convince a sen
sitive child that it stands before God on a
par with Judas and Ananias. Uut this
never hurt me. In fact, I think I always
felt better, and as I frisked home, hanc
ing to my grandfather's hand, I would
nod at father Gibbons and stretch my
mouth very wide to Bbow that my sec
ond teeth were all quite in. But those
days are only, after all, a little while ago.
They seem like yesterday to me. Here is
a question for the very learned people —
why is it that we forget the wonderful
things that happened a month ago and
remember so perfectly everything that
happened twenty-five years ago? The
X rays cannot explain that.
To be quite honest, I have very little
belief in the X rave. What good will it
do some girl who is horribly unhappy,
inasmuch as she feels she is to be a victim
to consumption, to have an X ray thrown
on her and make the doubt a certainty?
Yes, my friend, I am a believer in hope. It
is an old-fashioned belief, but then 1 am a
bit old-fashioned and have a leaning even
toward Judas, fully believing that
While the lamp holds out to burn
The vilest sinner may return.
In the days of old, women who did not
believe were unknown. Nowadays we
may have cleverer women— l doubt it.
But in those days little children hunp
around their mother's knees and learned
to say their prayers, and, later on, when
they were big children and the sorrows
of life came to them they returned to that
mother and wept out on her heart the
griefs that they could not tell. Bab.
Sixty languages are spoken in the im
mense empire governed by the Czar of
R ussia.
2122
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIUQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. ?0.15
Dally aDd Sunday Calx, one year, by mail. . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, stx months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation T If
io, It Is no trouble for as to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS: .
• 817 Clay Street,
telephone..; Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark!? street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
mill 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 bunk street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Eooma 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
SUNDAY .....MAY 10, 1896
IKE: CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Cleveland is evidently trying to work
Ihe civil service like a buuko game.
Patriotism, protection and prosperity is
the battle-cry that rallies the people this
year.
The trouble with the outing season up to
date is that the weather hasn't given it an
inning.
The weather we complain of would strike
the Eastern people as a breath from
heaven.
The San Joseah may talk through his
hat this morning, but he cannot get his
head in it.
If Weyler is as wise as Kruger he will let
the captured nUbu3ters go and be glad of
the chance.
From a Republican standpoint the cam
paign will be simply a continuation of the
festival season.
Sooner or later San Franci«co will have
to adopt the festival fashion or be counted
out of the State.
Before Congress finishes with the appro
priations it should provide a gas-. .eater
annex to the weather bureau.
Auburn, Healdsburg and San Jose have
had their dances, but more festivals are to
come— the season is young yet.
A correspondent writes that this year in
California "G. O. P." stands Jor gallant
old party — it embraces the ladies.
It remains to be seen whether the silence
of Grover Cleveland is a mystery story or
just a plain case of a dumb waiter.
It is an assured thing that the fruits of
politics this year will be the most whole
some crop we have had in a long time.
There must have been something of a
fin-de-siecle movement on the expedition
up the Nile, for it is out of sight already.
Failing to annex the Transvaal by the
arms of Jameson, England still has hopes
of taking it in by the diplomacy of Cham
berlain.
If Chicago doesn't wish to be ashamed
of holding the Democratic Convention sne
had better make arrangements at once to
keep it quiet.
By his civil-service order Cleveland has
done all he can to keep his pets in office in
spite of what he knows the people will do
in November.
If the Democratic factions at Chicago
succeed in binding themselves together it
will be with barbed wire and the squirm
ing will be great.
As San Jose had to put her festival pa
vilion outside her corporate limits, it is
evident she is not big enongii to hold her
self when she has a spread on.
It is now reDorted that the damage to
the fruit crop is not so great as was feared
at hrst. This is one of the years when the
latest outlook is always the beet.
If the refunding scheme can be headed
off at tiiis session of Congress it will be
virtually defeated, for ttiH next one will be
too short to get a long jub through.
The woman's congress has adjourned,
but its influence will be kept vital by The
Call until the campaign is over and the
great battle for equal buffrage has been
won.
Republican clubs in California should be
organized in time to display themselves in
good shape and strone force at the ratifi
cation meetings that will follow the Na
tional Convention.
Providence will not temper the wind to
the shoru lamb of the. Democratic flock
this year. There will be nothing but cold
days tor them until they are put on the
roast in November.
The oniy Democrat who has found t.ny
favor as a Presidential candidate outside
of his ov.n fetate is Russell of Massachu
setts, and he has not found it any further
oS than Rhode Island.
The well-ordered condition of the Re
publican party when compared witu the
confusion in tne Democratic camp shows
the value to an organization of having a
leader who knows bow to lead.
The aspiration for a greater California
should be Kept in mind throughout the
campaign, and every voter^snould work
for the party whose measures and men
will best assure the prosperity necessary
to attain it.
From the eagerness of Hill to fight all
the battles of the Democratic administra
tion it would seem he is going to ask the
leadership on the Presidential ticket not
because he is the most tit but because he
has nt the most.
The Examiner thinks the Republican
candidate for the Presidency will have to
be a centipede to stand on all the planks
that have been prepared for him, but it
overlooks the fact that the Democratic
candidate will have to be a erub worm to
get into the hole that has been prepared
for bim.
CALIFORNIA'S PROSPERITY.
Whatever the importance to California
of the many things that are desired at the
bands of the Nation and however desira
ble it ia that the patriotic people of the
State work with all diligence for National
appreciation there are great* domestic
problems for our own people to solve un
aided. The vast resources of the State
still await development and the extent of
our achievements in that direction will
measure the consideration which we may
expect from the whole country. It will
not even be sufficient if we induce non
residents of means, energy and ability to
come and add their efforts to ours, though
there should be no relaxing of endeavor in
that direction. Apart from all these duties
is the one resting upon us to do all that we
can in developing the wealth lying under
our hands and awaiting our enterprise.
That is the first necessity in securing the
prosperity of California.
There are some among us who appre
ciate that fact. The greatest single enter
prise now under the direction of Califor
nians is the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railroad. It represents
an investment of about $6,000,000, but that
is the least of the considerations which it
involves. It is distinctly unique in con
ception.
While started as a legitimate business
enterprise, it deliberately established the
policy of abandoning any conceivable op
portunity to make enormous profits at the
expense of the people, and bound itself to
a reasonable income on the investment.
That was a radical departure from the es
tablished policy of those transportation
companies which have grown enormously
rich by charging all that the traffic could
bear, without any reference to the amount
of ttie investment.
t Another unique feature of the enter
prise is the relief which it will afford to
shippers, who for so many years have
borne excessive burdens. That will mean
for producers and merchants between San
Francisco mid Bakerstield a charge on
their wares that will enable them to pros
per. These charges, instead of being
based, as in the past, on the shipper's
margin of profit, will be regulated solely
by the desire of the company to secure a
return of 6 per cent on its investment.
That is something ntartingly new in Cali
fornia. Tnkin« into account the fact that
under fair conditions the rewards of in
dustry should be generous in this State, it
is evident that the policy of the Valley
road will leave a margin of profit to ship
pers that they liave never been permitted
to retain in the past. The-e matters are
clearly understood by the intelligent peo
ple of the £an Joaquin Valley. The rapid
development which that fertile section
will experience under the new conditions
will act directly unon the welfare of San
Francisco, and will simplify California's
task in demanding a wise National recog
nition of its needs.
ETHICS AND ECONOMICS.
A form of government like the United
States, in which the sovereign or supreme
power is lodge.d in the people collectively,
is deeply concened in the ethical as well
as in the economic well-being of every cit
izen. It was because these two factors in
the work of expanding the nation's mate
rial interests became antagonistic, one to
ward the other, and thus obstructed the
country's onward march, that necessity
gave birth to the Republican party. Hence
it is that every consistent Republican is
not only interested in the accumulation of
wealth by the people as a whole, but he is
intrusted with its distribution, lie could
not with satisfaction witness trade expan
sion and industrial growth unless all the
people were participating somewhat, at
least, in ratio to the worth of each indi
vidual effort in the operation. His Repub
lican doctrine teaches him that although
it is the people's duty collectively to pro
mote the Nation's welfare, the ultimate
purpose of all effort should be individual
prosperity and happiness.
The building up or tolerating of a social
status or property holdings with a plu
tocracy at the top and a proletariat at the
bottom would be in direct antagonism to
the principles of the Republican party.
This is absolutely true, becauso the cen
tral principle of Republicanism, around
which all others cluster, is that any in
crease in the general wealth of the country
that goes by arbitrary economic forces
into the hands of a few is doing great harm
and injustice to the many, besides weak
ening the ethical and political strength of
the Nation as a whole. The only true
system of wealth growth, says Republi
canism, is that which broadens and ele
vates the manhood of all concerned.
The spirit of the principles of the Re
publican party teaches that business effects
reach their highest and strongest unfold
ment when they are produced by ethical
causes; hence, the business enterprise
whose operatives participate in the distri
bution in the way of wages to the full
meßsure of their worth is an ideal business
enterprise, and it is these conditions of
existence that the Republican party is
working to establish through the operation
of laws that shall encourage such condi
tions and protect them as well. The Re
publican party denies with vehemence the
theory of government and economic prop
osition that there is permanency of social
or National life where one class of the
people is permitted to accumulate wealth
while another class sink in want and
misery.
A CLIMATIC ANOMALY.
It is hoped that the Weather Bureau
will pay diligent attention to the record
of "sensible temperatures," and that the
newspapers of California will lend every
encouragement to the work. The climates
of this State, like every other condition
with which we have to deal, are aa novel
and perplexing as they are various. The
publication of a bald record of thermo
metrieal readings is misleading and inade
quate, a citizen of New York, who sees
men and horses there succumbing to sun
stroke when the thermometer begins to
approach 100 degrees, can hardly be ex
pected to find a strong invitation in a sim
ilar reading for a thermometer in the
interior valleys of California, and when he
is told that notwithstanding this fact sun
strokes aud the terrible diseases peculiar
to Eastern summers are unknown here it
is natural for him to doubt the truth of
the assertion.
On the other hand, when the New Yorker
arrives at San Francisco in the middle of
summer, and discovers the thermometer
registering 80 degrees, he will likely com
mit the serious blunder of assuming that
the day is warm, and, acting on that con
clusion, mny wear light clothing, and with
out an overcoat take a trip on an open car
to the beach. If he escapes a severe cold
he is fortunate. The established residents
of the City have learned from experience
that the readings of the thermometer are
not a trustworthy guide for dress. Jfence,
while the readings in the interior of the
State indicate a temperature which in the
Eastern States would prohibit N hard labor
and induce sunstrokes and diseases fatal
to children, the readings on the coast are
equally misleading in tne opposite direc
tion by showing a temperature much
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
higher than can be taken into account in
precautions against cold.
That is to say, both of these opposing
conditions are in turn opposed to the
Eastern experience. That presents a very
complex situation, but its elements are re
ducible to simple formulas. The records
of the Weather Bureau, unfortunately for
California, are based on Eastern prece
dents and experience, and these operate
diametrically against the conditions pre
valent here. It is largely a question of
humidity and winds. On a hot sum
mer day in the interior of California we
generally find both, extreme atmospheric
dryness and a considerable breeze. One
of these conditions— particularly that of
dryness— is constant, for the reason that
there are no rains. As a result the
moisture which the bodies of all ani
mals, including men, is constantly giv
ing out through the skin is instantly
evaporated, and evaporation produces a
lowering of temperature. In the Eastern
States an excess of atmospheric humidity
and an absence of winds prohibit, sepa
rately or together, this evaporation, and
In consequence the bodily temperature, in
stead of being cooled by evaporation, is
forced up to blood heat plus the excess of
atmospheric heat above that point. That
means danger.
Likewise the constant strong winds that
blow from the ocean upon the coast
greatly lower the temperature of the body,
while not similarly affecting the ther
mometer. That is because the dry-bulb
therraometer.which isthe standard of East
ern thermal measurements, is insensible
to the action of winds. A wet-bulb ther
mometer shows a very different and lower
reading, and that is the temperature we
feel. It is incumbent on the Weather
Bureau officers and the press of California
to give us a class of readings suited to our
peculiar conditions. This is called the
"sensible temperature."
THE FUNCTION OF CREDIT.
The time was when the dealer and trader
in nierchandis • would go with the ship or
caravan or wagon train and personally su
perintend the disposition of his commodi
ties on the cash down system. There was
no commercial credit in those days except
between neighbors, but that was before
the invention of the telegraph and the
railway. Faith in t. c business integrity
of fellow-merchants is now coined into
token money, so to speak, and public car
riers assume the responsibility of trans
porting articles of merchandise from initial
to distinctive points, and instead of the
owner or his messenger going with the
shipment to collect pay the shipper at
taches his bill of lading to a draft upon she
consignee and his banker cashes it. Only a
few years ago the draft became the mer
chant's messenger, but ro great has the
credit system grown that its dimensions
are beyond the power of any one to com
pute, and its ramifications are earth wide.
It i-- sai I that our bank clearing-house I
system furnishes the equivalent of more I
tuan twice the per capita mouey of tne !
country, and yet only the larger trade cen- j
ters maintain such institutions, and their :
clearings represent not more, than 50 per \
cent of all the business transacted by the '
people. Moreover, an examination of !
clearing-house reports will show that only '
about 10 or 15 per cent of ~the total clear- <
ings are settled with cash, and tiiat very !
often a creditor bank will reclear its cer- !
tificaies, thus still further reducing the
amount of actual money employed.
Our commercial exchanges add a still j
greater volume of substitutes for money. A j
country buyer of produce can conduct his j
business with bills of lading attached to
drafts, so that the actual capital which he !
employs may not be more that 5 or 10 per I
cent of the value of his shipments. The i
time note becomes token money the !
moment it is offered for sale or discount, j
There is no wav of knowing how many
thousand million dollars, as represented
by credit drafts attached to shipping bills, !
are moving to and from the business cen
ters every day, but it is estimated that
fully three billion dollars' worth of mer
chandise are afloat in the ships of the
world every hour, and which is moving on
the faith of, individual credit.
There is another kind of credit which
the United States enjoys more than any
other nation. This Government has out
standing a large number of bonds, green
backs and national bank and treasury
notes, but the holders of these several
promises to pay have no security whatever
except the willingness and the ability of
the people to redeem their pledges in
metallic money. Our national bank notes
are secured by Government bonds, but
there is nothing behind the bonds except <
the moral sense of the people. Tbis is the
highest credit, for it is based wholly upon
the integrity of the people who authorized
the bonds, bans notes aud Government
paper money to be issued. But the credit
of this Government, unlimited as it now
is, could be impaired by continuing a
policy that caused expenditure for main
tenance to run in excess of income and
provided for deficits by borrowing money.
The Government, like the individual, for
feits its credit when it lives beyond its
means.
AMERICAN CONSERVATISM.
Among the thousand phases which the
complex condition of our politics discloses
at this time there is none more notable in
itself or more gratifying to patriots than
the calm steadiness with which the con
servative element of the people face the
problems before them, and the almost
perfect unity of sentiment which pre
vails among them as to the best means of
overcoming the difficulties that stand in
the way of a return to National prosperity.
The conditions are such as would fill
almost any other people on the globe with
impatience and excitement and divide
them into the impotence of a thousand
discordant factions. We have seen the In
dustries of the country in the full career of
an abounding prosperity checked so sud
denly as to throw everything into confu
sion and produce an immense disaster.
We have seen banks suspended, factories
closed, trade paralyzed, farms made un
profitable and workingmen forced into
idleness. Presiding over this ruin we
have seen an administration at once vacil
lating and obstinate, incompetent and
dogmatic. Thus to the disasters of busi
ness has been added the bungling of the
Government, and new irritations and in
juries coming month after month have for
three years been vexing every industry,
checking every trade and harassing every
interest.
To remedy all these evils many measures
are necessary. There must be a restora
tion of protection, oi reciprocity, of bi
metallism, uf a mercantile marine and a
more extensive undertaking of internal
improvements and coast and naval de
fenses. With so many measures to engage
public attention and eacn of such import
ance, it is a remarkable proof of the politi
cal capacity of the conservative element
of me American people that they can give
to each its rightful value and avoid exalt
ing any ono at tue cost of others. Despite
all the zeal of doctrinaires declaring this
thing or that thing to be the supreme is
sue, despite the clamor of radical or erratic
citizens shouting in response to the zealots,
the great mass of the people remains calm,
studying the whole field with serenity and
resolved to deal with each measure on its
merits and carry them all forward in one
grand comprehensive policy for the wtl
fare of the country.
In addition to the confusing effect of so
many great issues before the peopie at one
time, there is the further complexity that
the dominant party has no less than four
men with about equal claims upon it con
tending for the leadership. In this
rivalry, however generous it may be
between the great leaders themselves,
there is a natural tendency toward mutual
antagonism among their more excitable
partisans. Each croup demands that its
own particular favorite shall be honored
and will listen to no argument from others
or for others. Here again, however, the
conservative element shows its calm
strength and political wisdom. It is as
steadfast amid the cries of personal parti
sans as amid those of the zealots of par
ticular measures. It will deal with leaders
aa with doctrines, and, choosing the best,
will harmonize all.
There is no other people on earth that
could face this complexity of issues and
rivalry of chieftains with anything like
the political sagacity the American people
are now displaying. Among any other peo
ple there would be a party for every great
measure and a faction for every great
leader, but there would be r.o strong, domi
nant conservative majority establishing
harmony in the midst ol dissensions and
making it possible for statesmanship to
survive political emergencies. This char
acteristic of our people is the salvation of
the Republic. It assures not only perma
nence to our institutions, but steadiness to
our policies, and muses clear the way for
prosperity under circumstances where peo
ple less politically wise would rushintoex
tremes and make confusion worse con
founded.
The celebration at Monterey of the fif
tieth anniversary of the raising of the
American flag over California ought to be
mane one of the greatest festivals of the
season. It appeals to every loyal senti
ment from Slate pride to National patriot
ism and will inspire the patriotic with a
true enthusiasm.
Among all the undertakings of the State
there ia none that more truly marks the
general progress toward prosperity than
the Valley road whose continuous advanc
ment means the overthrow of the monop
oly and the promotion of the welfare of
all industries within reach of its extend
ing intluence.
IN LESS SERIOU S MOOD.
By Charles D. BOUTS.
Sycamore Springs, in Sau Luis Obispo county,
a decnde ago, was known as the "Oil Wells."
The existence of mountains of bituminous rock
iv the vicinityn ity and tne fact that near-by streams
gave slight surface indications of oil inclined
many to the belief that a river of oil was flow
ing directly underneath. To tapit might mean
the realization of millions. An expert from
Pennsylvania pronounced the character of the
boil there quite similar to that of the oil re
gions of the Keystone State. At Sun Luis
Obitpo a company of capitalists whs formed to
push forward the oil project and in a short
time a well had been sunk and pumping had
begun. The work at the oil wells was in charge
of an engineer by the name of Snauldiug. He
had been digging and pumping away
vigorously for some time, apparently in
spired by an abiding confidence in
the certainty of ■uecett, as well as a
money consideration, when one evening he
sent up a shout of joy aud dispatched a mes
senger into the city with the glad tidings that
he had "struck oil." Tne capitalists and some
friends drove out on the following morning to
make an inspection. Spaulding gave them a
jubilant greeting and strulgntway led them
to the well. Taking up a handful of freshly
thrown-up .•-and at the mouth of the well he
held it within an inch of the nose of the fore
most of the party.
"Smell of that!" cried Spaulding.
"Oil, sure as you breathe," exclaimed the
person addressed. In another moment every
body on the ground was excitedly repeating
the same thing: "Oil! no doubt about it I"
The news spread rapidly and everybody in the
"oil belt" began to dig. The company bought
up as many as possible of these otherwise
prospective opponents in the oil industry, and
the members of the combine were naturally
proud of their Ion? heads and of their shrewd,
farsighted steps toward the consummation of
a monopoly.
Big plans were under consideration. Several
moneyed men from abroad desired to secure
shares in the enterprise. Another excursion
was organized an.l arrived unexpectedly at
the oil wells. It came at a most inopportune
time, so far as the engineer was concerned, for
Spaulding was lying in bed with an attack of
rheumatism.
"What?" he yelled in an almost affrighted
way when an assistant rushed up with the in
formation that a crowd was at the wells.
"Great Caesarl Tell 'em the sand at the well
isn't fresh. Oil's evaporated. I'll be down
soon aud work the pump."
Meantime the visitors had surrounded the
well and were nosing and suifflng around in
the futile endeavor to discover truces of oil in
the sand. Disappointment shone on all faces.
"What's the matter with your oil indica
tions?" queried somebody as Spauldiug limped
up to the well.
"You see," replied Spaulding, readily,
"there wa3 a sort of cave-iu yesterday and the
sand you've been trying's from near the sur
face. I've ordered a sandwich lunch for the
crowd down at the fcoarding-house, and while
you folks are there I'll just set this pump to
working again."
Returning from lunch the party found that
fresh sand had been thrown up, and that this
sand was strongly impregnated with oil. Those
who looked straight into Spaulding's eyes
found nim looking straight back with all the
candor of innocence.
There was no enthusiasm among the excur
sionists on the home journey, and Spaulding
threw up his job that very night.
'•That's the meanest tninn I ever did," hede
olared. -'Alter I'd started the joke with a can
of kerosene oil I didn't know when to let up!"
But Spaulding had struck a flow of white
sulphur water, and some of the goid that was
sunk with the object of bringing up oil from
the rich dream-river below was lured back
ngain by the "White Sulphur Baths" which
were, built on the site of ihe well that showed
indications of "refined oil."
"There's any quantity of oil in San Luis
Obispo County," said one of the pioneers of
that region to me; "but the work of that wag
of an engineer, Spaulding, has scared every
body out of the notion of boring for it."
Wnat a world of deceit this is! And how
often may we not be uujust to the suffering
poor by confounding the prayer of need with
the well-rehearsed imitation of that appeal by
the professional faker. I was turning from
the street into the stairway of a business bouse
when a cripple, ragged and leaning on
crutches, accosted me. Halting for a moment
under the lamp at the entrance I looked him
over. It was rather late in the evening and
rather cold as well. In appearance the fellow
was quite an object of pity and the.'C were
tears in his voice as he nervously, rapidly un
reeled his tale.
"A strtuger— without friends— l am nearly
frozen, aud I hate to beg, but a man'll do
almost anything when he's shivering and half
starved. I want to sleep to-night and
I've got but 15 cents. Give me a dime for
God's sake and then I'm told I can get half
decent treatment for to-night. Show me any
job I can do tor you and I'll thank you. No, I
don't know the taste of liquor. I've passed
through hard times. Imagine yourself all
alone and crippled like me, kicked and cuffed
about and out in the night imploring charity.
I suppose it'll all have to wind up in the bay.
I'd be better dead anyhow."
The cripple wiped a tear from his cheek
with a dirty sleeve. I dropped him a dime,
and as I pursued my way upstairs I hali re
gretted that I hadn't given a quarter.
"Well," thought I, "if the inau is really in
need it was all he asked for; and if he was de
ceiving me I have lost very little."
From the top of the stairway I looked down,
and to my surprise the cripple was standing at
the doorway still. A second victim yielded
him a quarter; a third put a dime in his hand
with an expression of pity. A fourth — a fifth
contributed his mite; and still the cripple kept
repeating to each newcomer his well-worn
story. I could delay no longer and I ceased
my study. That cripple gathered in a dollar
or more in the brief time that I watched him
from the head of the stairs. I am inclined to
think that his receipts for a whole evening
would loot up close to five dollars.
At a later date, while I walked with a friend
along a crowded street, that same "cripple"
stepped in front of us. There was no mistak
ing the voice and face, although the beggar's
crutches had disappeared and he wore one
arm in a sling. The fact was that he had
grown tired of limping around on one foot,
and the "burned-arm" idea served as a relief.
My friend spoke in heavy tones: "Burned
arm now, eh? If you bother me I'll hand you
over to the police. You're worse than a pick
pocket. Get out 1"
The words were harsh, of course, and many
good people glared at my friend, commenting
silently, it would seem, on his apparent dis
play of utter heartiessness. But those good
people heard not the plea of the professional
faker as he slid aside: "Say, now, I ain't goiu'
to bother you. Letageeser make his dough,
can't you? Don't queer me with the whole
mob! See?" And the fortune-hunter was
seeking new prospects.
Yet, as was inferred above, the needy poor
starving, perhaDS, and forced in sheer despera
tion to ask for alms — are often denounced as
shuns and frauds and turned away with looks
that sting like blows.
From roof, door, window burst the flames:
The house became a furnace dire;
Tm» firemen fled from the battle dread
'Gainst the dashing spears of the conquering fire.
Theu a mother's cry the great throng thrills—
■'My child! My child!" was a" she said.
The people they heard, but no one stirred,
For surely the child in the flames was dead.
But see! The furnace has swallowed a form—
Cremation alive is a terrible thing —
Theiv's stillness of death, as, with bated breath,
The crowd tells seconds full slow of wing.
See! Staggering from the oven of flame,
The hero a precious burden bears.
•' ' 'l'is a tramp!" aloud cries a man in the crowd,
"Who has saved the daughter of Banker Shares."
O. many a summer has bloomed since then;
Thai child is a maiden fair to behold.
No viilagequeen j s go loveu, I ween,
And none with richer dower of gold.
And who, pray tell, is the new rashier
In the splendid seventeen-story bank?
'T!s the tramp whose deed proved a glorious lead,
And brought him fortune and name and rank.
The banker's daughter to-day he weds—
The brave and the fair shall be one to-day!
What a l.sson this tale to the tramp in jail:
(You see these things on the stage m the play.)
A beautiful girl, it appears, has been hypno
tized and led to the marriage altar under the
spell. She loves not the man she married and
fain would bo divorced. Should there be no
hypnotic intervention with reference to a legal
severance of the tie that oiuds that couple,
then the husband should be exiled immedi
ately after the decree is pronounced. Other
wise that poor girl will be doomed to live in
terror of meeting that ex-husband (without the
restraining influence of a court) and of being
yanked ripht back to a marrying parson in the
same old confessedly effective way.
Can it be that the late Victor Emmanuel,
King of Italy, was in reality the father ot the
long-toed shoe? It is related that it was his
custom to allow the nail on the great toe of
either foot to grow during the whole year,
cutting off the appendix, which might be an
inch long, on the first of every January. Then
the court jeweler polished these toenails till
they a c sumed the brilliancy of cats-eyes, and
set them in gold mountings surrounded by
diamonds. Superstition regarded trice bo
diamonded toenails as "talisman?." This is
possibly a clew to the origin of the shoe with
the extraordinarily long toe. Tne late king
didn't go barefooted, and he certainly didn't
roll up his toenails.
A delegate to the Women's Convention de
clared that "savage women had more freedom
than the modern wife." It may be added, in
like way, that savage man had more freedom
than the modern husband; wherefore, we
should rejoice that we are civilized.
Rev. M. G. Hart of Melbourne, Australia, has
taken the bicycle as a topic for his pulpit, and
is putting the modern invention to a fresh
and glorious use. lie has preached a sermon
from the text (Erekiel. 10: xiii): "As for
the wheels, it was cried unto them in my hear
ing, 'O wheel!'" The clergyman is positive
that if the prophet Ezekiel lived to-day he
would ride a bicycle.
'Die bine the modern preacher took
Ills sermon's text to he:
"For roadway well-defined they look
Who on their wheels we see;
And so I he highway of the King
The Christian aye should keep;
The slider-bacK doth perils orlng;
Ko faith should fall asleep.
"Oil your machine, good work to do.
The Christian, we can prove,
God's oil of grace must trickle through
To keep him on the move.
Good company assures a man
More pleasures on the wheel;
Good company's ft thing which can
Augment a Christian's weal.
••The little sins that men commit
Are punctures in the tire:
If sinners do not mend a bit,
They'll never pass the wire.
The wire it is the Christian gate
To £den, if you like.
The lesson heed ere all too late—
The lesson of the bike !"
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
WOES OF DEMOCRACY.
Fundamental Differences Imperil Its Ex
istence.
Editor The Call— Sik: Even superficial ob
servers begin to realize that the great National
party which produced a Jefferson, a Jackson, a
Calhoun, a Benton and a *core of other states
men of almost equal distinction, has reached
a critical period in its history. If the differ
ences which now beset the party are indeed ir
reconcilable the last chapter of its history will
close with the campaign of 1896. It is worth
while to take a candid glance at its present
confusion and distraction. To avoid even the
suspicion of bins and unfairness let us go to
unimpeachable Democratic sources for a state
ment of the situation which confronts Demo
cracy.
Lying before me as I write is a copy of the
New York World. It is dated Wednesday,
April 29, J.B9G. On page 6, second column,
the leading editorial article is headed, "What
Will They Gain?" The opening sentence
states that "The free-silver Democrats of the
West and South hope to have a majority in the
Chicago convention." Then follows these
questions: "What can they hope to gain by
it? In what way will it advantage them
either as Democrats or free-silver men?"
In answering these questions the World
points out the fact that "the sixteen Southern
States solid have but 159 electoral votes, which
is sixty-five short of a majority." But "there
are fifty-nine votes in the South almost cer
tainly lost and forty-four imperiled." Turn
ing to the North the World declares that "the
Democrats could not hopo to carry one of the
old Northern States on the free-silver issue."
Looking westward the World asks: "Would the
new mining camp and Sagebrush States offer
any hope? But they have only thirty electoral
votes— six less than New York alone. And
they are nearly all Republican."
IfLet us hear the World's conclusion: "Is it
worth while, either as Democrats or free-silver
men. thus to sacrifice Democrntic power and
prestige in a fantastical frenzy for one single
and hopeless idea ?" "If the free-silver Demo
crats get control of the National Convention
they might as well vote at once to make'Mc-
Kinley's election unanimous."
This is certainly & bad outlook for Democ
racy, for free-silver Democrats are not going to
vote for a gold-standard man in 1896 on a plat
form demanding the gold standard. But the
real situation, the underlying and ineradica
b c difficulty, cannot be fully disclosed by even
so plain a statement as the World has given ur.
Democracy suffers from peculiar local dif
ferences. No one of clear vision and good in
telligence in the Democratic party has any
expectation or hope of gaining a National
victory this year. What follows? A supreme
struggle in Democratic States to continue to
hold the offices and patronage of these States,
and for this purpose they will freely sacrifice
National issues In this campaign. Consider
what tills means.
It would require a column of The Call for a
full exposition of this local aspect of the Dem
ocratic struggle for existence. Let me simply
indicate it. And here I desire to let the New
York Tribune of the siune date of the World,
April 29, have a chance to be heard: "In the
death grapple of hostile Democratic factions
the Eastern Democrat know s that he has not a
chance in any Eastern State unless be can
have an unqualified declaration for the main
tenance of the gold standard with a candidate
to match.
"But the Western or Southern Democrat has
to face an overpowering demand for free silver
coinage, and he knows that with a gold plat
form a great part of the Democratic voters will
go over to the Populists, leaving the Democ
racy not merely beaten, but permanently crip
pled by the loss of the mnchinery by which
elections are carried." "The Southern Demo
crat knows right well that he will be buried
out of sight if the people get a chance to vote
and have their votes counted." "He cares not
a rap whether Democracy gains in New York
or not." "Federal offices in the South are of
no value compared with State and local offices
and the control of the party machinery." The
same considerations govern in New York The
Tribune sums up tne situation in these words:
"Tnus it is seen that the rupture in the
Democratic party goes far deeper than any
difference of belief among leaders and work
ers. It is on both sides a fight for life — at the
South because free silver and soft-money here
sies have for thirty years been taught with so
much success that Domocrutic voters are fran
tic over them, and at the North because the
induence of commercial and banking classes
has made it impossible to create such a per
nicious public sentiment."
It may be remarked in passing that the
Tribune states with refreshing candor why it
is that the free coinage of silver has so few
friends in the northeastern section of our
country. It is in|the nature of a confession.
Make note of it: "The influence of com
mercial and banking classes made it impossi
ble to create such a pernicious public senti
ment."
I think the readers of Thk Call will agree
with me that the Democratic party is in sore
straits. The all-absorbing Populists in the
South seem about to leave only the gold con
tingent in the long-time "Solid South,' and
the Republicans in the North will gather in
all but the unconditional free-silver elements.
That portion will naturally ally itself with the
new silver party which is 'to join forces with
the Populists in the support, of joint candi
dates to be nominated at St. Louis July 22.
The woes of Democracy are manifest.
Joseph Asbvry Johkson.
II Essex street, San Francisco.
PERSONAL.
Dr. T. M. Young of Seattle is in town.
W. H. Hatton, the attorney of Modesto, is at
the Lick.
Eugene France of Aberdeen, Wash., has ar
rived here.
W. F. George, an attorney of Sacramento, is
in the City.
D. V. Napier of London was among yester
day's arrivals.
John F. Scully has returned here, after two
years in the East.
William G. Irwin of Honolulu arrived here
on the Monowai yesterday.
W. Waterhouse, the wealthy planter, of
Honolulu, is on a visit here.
J. B. Curtin, District Attorney of Tuolumne,
is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. J. E. Stubbs of Reno, president of the
Nevada State University, is here.
A. L. Baird of Sydney and M. G. C. Dodwell
of New Zealand are at the Cosmopolitan.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was R.
Valentine Webster, a tea planter of Ceylon.
J. L. Gillis of Sacramento, assistant superin
tendent of the Southern Pacific, is at the
Grand.
Colonel John 11. Soper of the Hawaiian army
was among the arrivals by the Monowai yester
day. He is at the Occidental.
N. A. Baldwin of New Haven, who is inter
ested in the great Baldwin locomotive works,
is the City, accompanied by his wife.
R. P. Keating of Virginia City, superintend
ent of the Consolidated Virginia and other
mines on the Comstock, is at the Palace.
The Rev. J. A. Keating, a minister of the
English Episcopal Church, Queenstown, and
the Rev. Thomas Kehoe of New Zealand, are
in the City.
Dr. James Kingsbury, a leading physician of
Sydney, Australia, an ived here yesterday, ac
companied by his daughter. He is en route to
Los Angeles to settle.
J. H. Glide, the extensive business man of
Sacramento, who is engaged in general mer
chandizing, dealing in wool and other enter
prises, is at the Grand.
John Mill, a wealthy stockholder in the Union
Steamship Company, New Zealand, is here on
the way to New York and around the world.
His family is with him.
H. G. Trowbridge.who has been boring wells
lor oil and water in Japan and India, who ar
rived here about a week ago, yesterday re
ceived a cablegram from an English syndicate
asking him to go to Peru and take charge of
some oil lands there. His contract is for two
years. He will leave overland to-day for Peru,
and will spend a brief time in New York in
visiting his family, whom he has not seen for
two years.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 9.— At the Marl
borough, A. C. Bolderau; Holland, K. Maddox;
Savoy, J. Levy; Metropole, D. E. Newell;
Broadway Central, C.Shaw; Astor House, B. I.
Thomas. Sailed per steamship Lucania for
Liverpool, Mrs. Abram Breece, Miss Mary A.
Bowen, Mr. Schßllenberger. I. W. Taber.
THE CONVENTION.
All Right.
Hanford Sentinel.
The convention did it right, all right.
Reason for Pride.
Woodland Mail.
John D. Ppreckels certainly has reason to
feel pioud of the honors conferred on him. He
well deserves the treatment he received. His
was the largest vote.
V«ry Satisfactory.
I/>3 Angeles Times.
The results of the convention are, on the
whole, very satisfactory. All factions could
not be propitiated nor satisfied. In uniting
upon McKinley the Republicans of California
hav<» done a wise, sensible and meritorious
work.
An Able Champion.
Madera Tribune.
The San Francisco Call has declared in favor
of the woman suffrage movement. In the Sun
day issue it devotes a page to the cause, in
which reference is made to the success attained
in other States where women have been en
franchised. The movement has secured an
able champion in The Call.
Acquitted Itself Well.
Visalia Delta.
The California Republican State Convention
has aoqnitted itself well. A platform with
such planks «s protection, free and unlimited
coinage of silver at 16 to 1, woman's suffrage,
good roads, public money for non
sectarian free schools only, "regulat
ing foreign immigration and natura
alization, opposition to the funding bill, and
strnnsr Indorsement of William McKlnloy for
President, will stand any 6train that can be
brought against it.
Not "Wholly Consistent.
Alamecla Areus.
The Republican platform is a fairly good
enunciation of principlesof the membersof the
party in California. The woman suffrage plank
is perfunctory, as are the gay bouquets thrown
to the farmer and the minpr; but as to the
protection to American industries; as to sil
ver; as to immigration and good roads,
the nail is hit fairly on the head. It should be
remembered, however, that the free-silver
plsTifenrid the doublo-riveted Indorsement of
McKlnley are not wholly and entirely con
sistent. However, as tho National Convention
outlines the party policy, the State Conven
tion s plank is presumably to be considered
only In the light of a suggestion.
The South Is Pleased.
Ban Diego Union.
The Republican party of California will cor
dially approve the work of the convention at
Sacramento. The four gentlemen who have
been chosen delegates-at-laree to St. Louis are
admirably Qualified to represent this State in
the National Convention, and it may be
said that of all the aspirants for this
great honor none could have been
chosen who would be more satisfactory to the
entire party than are John D.Spreckels,' Georee
Kntgnt, TJ. S. Grant Jr nnd Lionel A. Sheldon.
In instructing these delegates to support Mc-
Kinlev so long as he has a reasonable chance
of obtaining the Presidential nomination the
convention has unquestionably voiced the
wishes of an overwhelming majority of the
Republicans of the State
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
It seems to be generally believed in Russia
that at his coronation ihe Czar will raise
Prince Louis Napoleon of the Russian army to
the rank of General.
Princess Henriette's (of Belgium) wedding
presents and cl>thing, sent after her from
Brussels to Neuilly, where her husband, the
Due de Vendome, has his villa, rilled 170 boxes
and weighed eleven tons.
Miss Edie Ramage, who was married in Lon
don recently to Senor Francisco de Paul Os
sorls of Manila, was the original of the cele
brated picture called "Cherry Ripe," which
narl a great vogue both in England and in the
United States.
LADY'S SHIRT WAIST WITH
POINTED YOKE
The shirt waist shown here is one of the
newest models. The yoke is cut with two
points, both back and front. The lower part
of the waist, both back and front, 1b seamless,
tne fullness gathered at the waist.
Shirting in Persian coloring is one of th<j
novelties.
Cotton cheviots in mixtures are also well
liked, while the light colored chambrays are
as popular as ever.
To make a shirt waist more serviceable
make the collar separate, simply binding the
neck. White collars may then be worn too
and the wearer will have thus another novelty
of the season, viz.: colored waists with white
collars.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"My dear, if you knew how shocking some of
your advanced ideas are toother people I don't
believe you would offer them quite so freely."
"Oh, John ; are they, really ? That's the flm
word of honest encouragement I've had." De.
troit News.
Passenger— Say, captain, how far are we still
from land ?
Captain — About two nautical miles.
Passenger— But we cannot see land any
where. In what direction does it lie?
Captain— Straight below us.— Das Wippchen.
Vißiting Acquaintance — Don't you find it a
great deal cheaper to live out here in the coua
try than it waß in the city ?
Mr. Subbubs— M— no, it's about the same.
My wife brought her chafing dish along witu
her.— Milwaukee Journal.
Etnel— lf you stand on a chair and I sit on
the piano perhaps the mouse cannot reach us.
Edith— Oh, it can ! You forget that this n
leap year.— Detroit Free Press.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street.
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by tha Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman & Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
''Golden Gate" brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. •
» ♦ — •
IXexoSWere's one thing about me; I always
know enough to take a bint. .•'... :.! z.:*: .;•
She— Why, don't yon ever call 4on the same
girl twice ? — Life.
Take the Northern Pacific to All Points
East.
If yon are going East call at 688 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestlbuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler. agent.
Ladies are greatly benefited by the use of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned South
American tonic.
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell it at, 25 cents.
Generous Employer (to office-boy)— l shall
give you a sausage for lunch every day, and If
you do your work well, at the beginning of
next month I shall add some mustard.— Flie
gende Blaetter.
NEW TO-DAT.
Is your body
fire-proof ?
Speaking of infectious
diseases, Dr* E* Brown
says: "We ought to
learn tp keep our bodies
invulnerable to conta-
gion as a fire- proof
building is impervi-
ous to fire; that is,
we should be able to
resist such moderate
quantities of disease
germs as we necessar-
ily encounter through
life/ Each man and
woman and child
should fortify their own
body by healthy living,
that the soil for the
growth of germs be
not available* Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil strengthens the
barriers that Nature
raises against all in-
jtruders by giving the
system the resistive
force needed to throw
iOff disease*>EW HISTORY OF THE UNITED
STATKS.
latest volume of the Cam- j
bridge Historical Series (which •
are edited by G. W. Prothero, pro- j
Jt. feasor of history in the Uuivert-ity \
of Edinburgh, and the aim of
which is to sketch the history of modern
Europe with that of its chief colonies and
conquests from about the end of the
fifteenth century down to the present
time) is a "History of the United States of !
America— lTHs-1565," by Edward Char
ming, Ph.D., assistunt protessor of history
at Harvard University. The author's aim '
has been to trace the steps by which the
American people and its peculiar type of
federal state have developed out of such
"heterogeneous and unpromising mate
rials" for nation building as were to be
found in the English-American colonies in
1760. Dr. Charming has given less atten
tion to campaigns and battles than is usual
in a history, and has devoted the space
thus gained to the object of elucidating
the deeper causes underlying the Ameri
can Revolution and to a detailed account
of the period between the close of the
Revolutionary war and the inauguration
of President Madison. With reference to
the Monroe doctrine the author says that
the "famous sentences which have immor
talized Monroe's name • * • were the
embodiment of previous statements and of
a policy well established at that time in
America." Dr. Charming furnishes no
quotations or authorities to make clear
the latter position, although Washington,
Jefferson and Madison held sentiments
quite *imilar to those expressed in the
Monroe doctrine.
The object of Monroe's declaration hav
ing been accomplished, Dr. Chaunfhg tells
us that then "the old international policy
of the United States may be said to have
terminated." It does not appear so, for
as soon as an occnsion arose the American
Congress was swift to reaffirm the Monroe
doctrine and to give it a standing in our
international policy more important than j
it occupied before. But, then, this history j
must have been completed before the
Venezuelan controversy began. The
transformation of party "systems is clearly
shown. Dr. Channine's treatment of the
causes underlying the Civil War deserves
attention. He is perfectly fair in the ;
premises. The Civil War. he says, was j
fought to determine whico of twoconcep- '
tions of the nature of the Federal tie j
should be adopted as the true interpreta
tion of the constitution of the United
States. "As this interpretation is histori
cally uncertain we cannot speak of the
war as a rebellion, for it was fought, so to '
say, to determine whether the seceders
were rebels or not. Then, too, a move
ment on such a vast scale and |
extending over such a long space
of time is something more than a rebel- !
lion— even when unsuccessful. Further- i
more, the war was not begun to secure the i
destruction of slavery, although slavery \
was abolished as a result of the conflict." i
The war decided that the Union wag not '
a loose bundle of States, each at liberty to ,
go off and set up for itself whenever it ,
chose. The war made the United States a j
Nation, "one and inseparable." Several j
maps, very useful, both from a geographi- I
<al and historical standpoint, illustrate j
the volnme. Dr. Charming observes that i
"it is practically impossible to be abso
lately accurate In a work of this size, coy- i
ering such an extended period and dealing
with so many disputed events"; bat he i
claims to have done the utmost that a !
historical student can do — to have studied
and written "without malice in his heart." l
The work is an improvement on most of '
the short histories of the United States.
An appendix contains, among other docu
ments, the Virginia Resolves of 1769, the
Declaration of Independence, the Articles
of Confederation, the Constitution of 1787,
and the amendments to the constitution.
[New York: Macmilian & Co. For sale
by William Doxey; price $1 50.]
THOSE GOOD NORMANS.
Miss Marie Jussen , has translated from
the French Gyp's latest story, "Ces Bons
Normands,'' a serio-comic satire on the
practical character and keen commercial
instincts of the Normans. The Dutrac
family desire to get into society, and they
buy a chalet at a Norman watering-place,
with the view of embarking Dutrac pere
on a political career. They are natives of
Normandy, however, and mean to get the
worth of their millions made in trade by
establishing cordial relations with the
nobility and gentry of the neighborhood.
Madame Dutrac is a study of a hard cold
vulgarity, unredeemed by a single amiable
quality. Her coarse nature is produced in
her sons, whom she adores; while the
daughter inherits the handsome features
.and good nature of her father. The family
characters of the Dutracs are revealed in
spirited dialogue, ana numerous incidents
of their intercourse with society-folk are
related. The madame's triumph is com
plete when she succeeds in arranging a
marriage between the only son of an im
poverished noble house and her well-dow
ered daughter, who. true to her Norman
origin, never suffers sentiment to interfere
with business. [Chicago: Rand, McNally
& Co.', publishers . price f I.]
PEBBLES AND SIIKUS.
Clarence Hawkes, "the Blind Poet of
New England," is the author of "Pebbles
and Shells," a _ volume of verse which
possesses much genuine . merit. . . Mr.
Hawkes compares . favorably in his work j
with minor poets of the present day who J
have eyes to see, and, as he is only in I his
twenty-seventh year, there is a possibility
that be may yet achieve fame in the
ranks of American singers. Clarence
Hawkes is a native of Massachusetts.
When 9 years of age he met I with an acci
dent while returning from school, which
culminated in the amputation of one leg.
When 13 years of age while. out hunting
he was accidentally shot by a companion,
and both his eyes were injured. After he
had undergone several severe operations
the hope of regaining his ' sight was aban
doned, and at the age of 15 he entered an
institute for the blind. There, in addition
to the regular course, he studied music and
piano-tuning. At the age of 21
Hawkes went upon the platform as a
lecturer, and at the same time began writ
ing short stories and poems for the local
newspapers. In all he has written 300 poems
and over 50 sketches and short stories. It is
said of him that he identities the birds by
BOOKS
BOOKMAKERS
their chirps and carols, the flowers by their
odors, shrubs by their loaves, trees by their
bark and iishes by their shapes and fins.
He is a critical musician and an expert
piano-tuner, plays chess, works a type
writer, keeps scores of baseball games and
travels all over the country without a com
panion. Most remarkable of all, he main
tains that the gamut is prismatic ami that
sounds have color. Middle 0, he says, is
deep red, and each ascending note grows
lighter by degrees, until the highest, be
comes white, while the lower tones are
graded in darker shades till the very low
est shows black. The poet has dedicated
his work to his mother, "who first inspired
him to write and has since been his con
stant helper." The volume is illustrated
by Elbridge Kinsley and contains an in
troduction by Charles Hallock. The fol
lowing selection from "Pebbles and Shells'
is a fair sample of the work of the "Blind
Poet" :
IX THE WOOD.
On woody mount in mossy dell.
Who hath not felt that miiK'f spell
That steals o'er heart and brain,
A sweet delieht that ebbs and flows
\ As freely as the zephyr blows,
Or falls the summer rain. , .
How well I know Its every mood—
That gentle spirit of the wood !
That bids all sorrow cease:
A subtle something in the air
That softly steals away all care.
And fills the soul with peace.
It lives and breathes In every flower,
It whispers In the leafy bower
Where drowsy Insects drone;
It rises Into sweetest swells
Where the sequestered veery dwells
And chants his love alone.
It bursts Into a mighty roar
When winter sweeps the forest hoar
With howling hurricane;
It murmurs low In brooklet flood.
And smiles in every bursting bud
When sprinc comes back again.
When autumn lights her crimson flame
What, artist would not give his fame
To paint so rich and rare ?
Whei>. winter robes the firs in white,
Resplendent in the morning light,
What jewels tremble there!
How soft the wind of summer eves
That gently whispers in the leaves
Of lordly forest trees!
How wild the whirling tempest's breath
That wails the dirge of summer's death
In magic minor keys!
Ah, nature! wrap thy dreamy shade
About ill ■ life that tliou hast made,
And let me slumber long!
Thine echoes softly, sweetly roll
Through bidden chambers of the soul
And teach the poet long.
("Northampton, Mass: Picturesque Pub
lishing Company.
AN ARI FAILURE t
A fresh story of the Quartier Latin, Paris,
comes from the pen of John W. Harding.
Charles Burroughs is a young American
art student. He gets along famously in
his work until a misunderstanding arises
between himself and his father and
Charles is cast adrift upon his own re
sources. He paints an ambitious picture
and starves while he paints. It fails" to iind
a purchaser. Burroughs becomes crazed
and attempts to jumD into the Seine. A
model of the Quarter, La Madeleine, effects
his rescue. For weeics he wanders between
life and death: His poverty is discovered
by the people in whose house he has been
cared lor, and Madeleine proves a self
sacrificing helper and friend." Recovering
he marries Madeleine and they plan art
schemes together. They /ail a"nd decide
to die together. They ,are discovered
before the gas in their room has per
formed all the deadly work intended.
Madeleine is dead: Burroughs is resusci
tated. Just afterward he receives a letter
1 telling him that hi.-, father has died after
restoring Charles to inheritance and
breathing a paternal forgiveness. Then
Burrouehs, having recovered his senses,
quits Paris forever to start anew among
people of his native land. [New York P.
DtJRAMD CARRIED HIM UPSTAIKS IN HIS ARMS.
[Reproduced from "An Art Failure."]
Tennyson Neely, publisher. For sale at
the Popular Bookstore; price 75 cents.
A FLASH JOF SUMMER.
Under tnis title Mrs. W. K. Clifford tells
the story of a simple woman's life. The i
novel is issued with Appieton's Town and '
Country Library. Katherine Kerr is com- i
pelled by ncr uncle and guardian to rnarrv <
that uncle s solicitor. She orings no ex
pected dower to the solicitor, who abuses
her continuously. The uncle goes to Aust
ralia and leaves money with Katherine so
that in case she decider to leave her fiend
of a husband she can foliow to the Anti
nodes. The husband at about this time
leaves the city of his residence for a few
weeks, and in his absence Katherine flees
away to Italy, where she studies art m
Geona and enjoys "the flash of summer"
of the novel. Then she returns to her old
THE SAX FRAJS CISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MAY 10, 189 G.
dwelling-place to secure somethings of
chooses a sure way out of her trouble, and
to. ior sale by Dbxey ; price 50 cents.
THK CLOEy"of THE GARDES.
"The Glory of the Garden," and other
odes, sonnets and ballads, by William
\incent B y. ars - is the first number of the
second series of that author's "Studies in
\erse." The dedication is to "all good
women and all who love them." The
poet sings of famous women from Helen of
Troy all the way down to "Yvette the Ballet
dancer. His studies are certainly highly
CLARENCE HAWKES, THE BLUCD POET, AT WORK.
[From a photograph. I
creditable, from an artistic point of view.
The volume contains an interesting note
on the "Relations of the Hor.itian Ode to
Ihe Tuscan Sonnet.' 1 [New York: (iazlay
Brothers, publishers. For sale by William
Doxey.]
THEFISHKUMAV AM) HIS FIUENDS.
This is a series of revival sermons by
Louis Albert Banks, D.D., pastor Hanson
place M. E. Church, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Bishop John F. Hurst characterizes these
sermons as follows: "The subject- are
strong, striking and varied, the treatment
is of the most searching kind, and, alto
gether, it is a most valuable addition to
our devotional literature." [New York:
Funk <v Wagnalls Company' publishers.
Price $150.] i— <m *
-MAKK TWAIN'S JOAN OF ARC.
Mark Twain was rather out of his ele
ment wl.en he wrote "Personal Recollec
tions of Joan of Arc." It appeared
originally in serial form in Harper's
Magazine, and did not enhance the au
thor's reputation in the least. The author
of "Innocents Abroad' must have been
hard up for material when he bit upon
La Pucelle of Domreruy. But, of course
there was more of an opportunity here for
a serio-comic book th:m the great num
ber of other historical tragedies afford
The book is supposed to be written by
"the Sieur Louis ue Comte, page and sec
retary to Joan of Arc," and translated
from the French. The book is divided
into three parts: "In Domremy " treat
ing of Joan's childhood, and telline of her
inspiration; "In Court and Camp " tell
ine of her career in the army; and'"Trial
and Martyrdom." Tbe illustrations are
i,y V. V. Dv Jlond fXew York :' Hai-Jer
& Bros. For sale by A. M. Robertson
price $2 50.] ' '
FOB KINO OR COUNTKY.
The trend of American novel-writing
toward themes of the revolutionary period
is noticeable. James Barnes has given us
a story in line with this movement under
the title, "For King or Country," It is a
story for boys, young or old, full of ad
venture and movement. George and Wil
liam Frothingham were the twin sons of
David Frothingham, who, with one of his
brothers, Nathaniel, was in charge of some
mining property in New Jersey prior to
the Revolution. David and his wife
being dead, his brother Daniel, living
in England, adopted William, while
George remained in America. When
the Revolutionary War broke out
George volunteered, and William, who was
intensely loyal to the King, entered the
British army. The twins were absolutely
alike. George took part in all the battles
about New York, and finally came to the
city on a secret errand to capture General
Howe. William was sent out as a spy on
the patriot forces. Both went through
many adventures, being constantly mis
taken for each other. Finally William be
came converted to the patriot side, and
the brothers were together once more.
Tbe description of the old "Sugar House"
pri?on in New York and of the secret
patriot societies in the city while under
British rule— both historical — are of es
pecial interest. [New York: Harper &
Brothers, publishers. For sale by A. M.
Robertson ; price $1 50.]
MADELON.
A novel of genuine interest and real
literary merit is "Madelon," a story of
New England life, by Man E. Wilkins.
Madelon is in love with Burr Gordon,
and the latter's cousin, Lot Gordon, a rich
consumptive, is desirous of making the
heroine his wife. Burr will be Lot's heir,
providing Lot does not wed. At a dance
Madelon. entpring unexpectedly, is
shocked to see Burr showing attention to
a rival beauty. She decides to betake her
self home. A brother of Madelon insists
upon her taking his knife with her for pro
tection in the darkness. Passing through
a wood sbe is suddenly seized from behind
and kissed. The knife is open in her hand.
She thinks the unknown is the recreant
lover— Burr— and she plunges the blade
into his breast. The victim proves to be
the Consumptive— Lot. He tells her to
j tire. Madelon meets Burr and tells him
iof her deed. He also bids her to go home.
! Burr is arre.-ted for the crime, the public
readily assigns the motive of gain and
Madelon is not believed wtien she confesses
the truth. Madelon implores Lot to re
! veal the facts aixi save an innocent man.
Lot refuses and Ban resolves to suffer for
the girl, to whom he had been so incon
siderate. Finally Lot, to save Madelon.
writes a confession of suicide and brings
his life to a speedy end. Burr and Madelon
marry. The atorv is intended to stiow that
"lnve is the crown and crucifixion of life,
and proves thereby its own divinity."
New York: Harper & Bros., publishers.
For sale by A. M. Robertson; price $1 _'">.]
TVALDRON'S HANDBOOK OX CUJI
KEN C Y.
The "Handbook on Currency and
Wealth," by George B. Waldron, A.M.,
statistical editor of The Voice, is distinctly
different from all the other books in that
it does not seek to prove some particular
side of the silver or other controversies,
but presents in an unbiased manner the
facts on all sides. The author has care -
fully avoided intruding his opinions in tne
book. His aim has been to present in
compact and accessible form such facts as
must be taken into account in the proper
understanding of the questions. He pre
sents the facts and permits th c reader to
draw his own conclusions. [New York:
Funk & Wagnalls. Price 50 cents.]
NEW STANDARD HYMNAL.
"The Standard Hymnal, a New Hymnal
for General Use," compiled and arranged
by C. C. Converse and just published,
meets the want of a choice hymnal for all
purposes, in most convenient form and at
a small price. It meets this want, not by
containing a thousand or more hymns in
a large, costly, cumbrous volume, but by
containing 100 of the choicest, selected
from a whole library of psalmody, com
prising nil the hymnological issues of
many years, which selection embraces
those hymns which public and private de
votional use have made standard. [New
York: Funk & Wagnalls Company. Price
35 cents.]
CHRIST'S TKUMTET-CALL.
"Ch'rist's Trumpet-call to the Ministry;
or, The Preacher and the Preaching for
the Present Crisis," by Daniel S. Gregory,
D.D., LL.D., is the result of a profound
conviction on the part of the author that
the questions discussed arc, for the minis
try and for the church, life-and-death
questions that every preacher of the
gospel should take up. consider carefully
and settle in the light of the Word of God j
without an hour's delay. They are ex- j
pressed in popular and practicalform aDd
appeal with force to preachers of the
gospel. The chapters cover the whole
lield of ministerial duty in its relation to
present conditions and exigencies. [New
York: Funk <fc Wagnalls Company, pub
lishers. Price f 1 25.] J'lJ ' 1
TALKS TO THE KING'S CHILDREN.
This book belongs to a class of which
there are but a few in any language. The
author. Dr. Sylvanus Stall, has done for
children what Schriver in Germany and
Dean Stanley in England have done for
grown people. There are many religious
books for children, but these sermonettes
are unique. With some object of every
day life presented to the eye the author,
after the manner of the parables, presents
the important truths of the gospel to the
easy comprehension of both old and
young. [New York: Funk <fc Wagnalls
Company, publishers. Price $I.]
THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW.
Under the title of "The Engineer in
Naval Warfare' an able symposium is
presented as the opening feature of the
May number of the North American Re
view, the contributors of it being such emi
nent authorities as Commodore George W.
Melville, engineer-in-chief of the United
States navy; W. S. Aldrich, professor of
mechanical engineering in the Uni
versity of West Virginia; Ira N. Hollis,
protessor of engineering in Harvard
University; Gardiner C. Sim 3of the
American Society of Mehanical Engineers,
and George Uhler, president of the Ma
rine Engineers' Beneficial Association.
The noted French astronomer. Camilla
Flammarion, writes most interestingly
ol "Mars and Its Inhabitants. 1 ' and in
"Men Who Might Have Been Presidents"
Joseph M. Rodgersof tne Philadelphia In
quirer throws some important light on the
Presidential elections of the past. The
concluding installment but one of "The
Future Life and Condition of Man
Therein," by the Right Honorable W. E.
Gladstone, deals with the limitation and
reserve of Scripture and the creeds. These
are but a portion of the contents of an ex
cellent number.
tITERAKT NOTES.
The Chap-Book is to remain In Chicago,
in spite of various reports to the contrary.
It will have on it 3 title-page H. S. Stone
<fc Co., instead of Stone & Kimball as be
fore. This means that there will be no
great chan.e in its policy. Herbert S.
Stone continues as editor, and Harrison G.
Rhodes as assistant editor. They will
have more time than before to devote to
the magazine, and consider that the Chap-
Book will begin its third year on May 15
under especially favorable circumstances.
The first book announced ny H. 8. Stone
<fe Co. of Chicago is a second series of
"Prose Fancies," by Richard le Gallienne.
This is for immediate publication.
Maynard, Merrill <fc Co. have in press
for immediate publication a "History of
the Army of the United States," edited
for the Military Service Institution by
General Theodore P. Kodenbough and
Major William L. Haskin, U. S. A.
Yet another volume of memoirs dealing
With the French Revolution and tbe Xa>
poleonic era is in the press. They are from
the pen of Mme. de Chastenay and are
edited by M. Alphonse Roserot.
Count Tolstoi writes to a friend that he
has nearly finished the full novel on which
lie has been engaged for some time back.
An English translation will be prepared
for publication at the same time that the
original appears in Russian. It is said
that Tolstoi sets rather a special value on
ttiis work.
Brentano's of New York announce for
immediate publication a volume most
timely in its interest. Its title is "Bi
cycling for Ladies," and the author is
Maria K. Ward of New York City. Miss
Ward, who is a well-known bicycle en
thusiast and a woman of letters as well,
has written the first practical treatise yet
published on the sport now so universally
popular, and which is recognized as the
ideul outdoor exercise.
Macmilian A: Co. will publish Emile
Zip,a.'> new novel, "Rome, about which
so much has boen said and of which so
much is expected. It will be issued about
the middle of the month.
A novel series of handbooks on summer
resorts will be published by the Messrs.
Scribner. Each book has been written by
a well-known author. The north shore of
Massachusetts is by Judge Robert Grant,
with illustrations by W. D. Sraedley;
Newport has been done by W, C. Browell
and illustrate! by W. C. Vanderbilt Allen;
Bar Harbor has F. Marion Crawford for its
chronicler and C. i>. Reinhart for its illus
trator, while George Hibbard has clone
Lenox, Mr. Allen furnishing the illustra
tions.
Mr. Swinburne has in press the longest
poem he has written for several years.
The subject is "Malory' 3 Story of Balen."
In scheme and measure it is a new depar
ture for this po°t«
F. Tennyson Neely has warned the pub
lishers and booksellers of this country not
to publish or sell any new work from the
pen of Colonel Richard Henry Savage,
stating that he has an nnexpired contract
with that writer, giving him the exclusive
control of the publication of all his works
in book form. The only exception. Mr.
Neely says, is a book by Colonel Savage
an 1 Mrs. A. C. Gunt.er, which was pub
lished with his permission.
"Women in English Life, from Me
dieval to Modarn Times," by Georgiana
Hill, gives an account of the place held by
women from the days of the Saxon race
down to the present time.
Houchton. Milllm & Co. have just pub
lished "The Life and Letters of Oliver
Wendell Holmes," by John T. Morse Jr.
It includes, besides the letters, some chap
ters of autobiography which Dr. Holmes
jotted down in his later years and which
are very amusing. The first volume con
tains portraits of Dr. Holmes and his
father, a fac-simile or the almanac page in
which his birth is recorded, views of the
"gambrel-roofed house" where he was
born and a magnificent elm at Plttsfield
which Dr. Holmes celebrated and two pic
tures of the Saturday Club, a notable group
of Boston and Cambridge celebrities. The
second volume has a portrait of Dr.
Holmes in middle life, a view of his home
in Beacon street, Boston, showing the
doctor in front of it, a portrait of his
mother in advanced life and a fac-simile of
three pages of his famous poem, "The
Last Leaf."
The title of James Lane Allen's "Butter
flies; aTaleof Nature," which ran through
the Cosmopolitan, has been changed to
'Summer in A ready." The story will be
published by Macmilian & Co.
The May Book News is as brigut as a
spring morning. The detached frontis
piece is a portrait of Miss Annie Hollings
worth Whatton, author of "Through
Colonial Doorways,'" "Colonial L>ays and
Dames." etc. Dr. Talcott Williams talks
hopefully of new books, and able letters
from New York, Boston, Chicago and Lon
don put one in touch with the book world.
Some two hundred and sixty new books
are noticed — among them "Democracy and
Liberty." by 'William Edward Hartpole
Leoky. Many pictures from the new books
brighten the pages of this unique maga
zine. Monthly 50 cents a year. John
Wanamaker, publisher, Philadelphia.
Outing for May opens with a complete
story, "The Search for Mrs. Denbeigh,"
cleverly told by Agnes L. Provost. A sec
ond complete story, "Llano Estacado," by
J. F. Duncan, is a thrilling account of an
Indian skirmish on the Staked Plains.
Other notable features are: "The Truth
of a Troutine," by Ed. W. Sandys; "Ca
noeing on the St. John," by Rev. W. C.
Gaynor; "Camp Cookery"; "Bass Fish
ing"; "Racing Sandbaggers" ; "Yachting
on Frisco Bay," and "Handicap Reform
in Lawn Tennis," by J. P. Paret. The
number is strong throughout and carries
many fine illustrations.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Beware— P., PlacervPle, Cal. "Beware" is to
be found in the poems of William Henry Long
fellow.
Dimes— M. A., Lokeport, Lake County, Cal.
A dime of 1892 and one of 1893 are worth just
10 cents each.
To West Oakland— F. M., San Pedro, CaL
The distance from San Francisco to West Oak
land is five miles.
Electric and Cable— A. R. Jr., City. Since
January 1 in this City seven persons have been
kilk-'l by cable cars and eight by electric cars.
Electricity— Constant Header, City. Up to
date no patent has been Issued for any electric
appliance that can be used by barbers in their
business.
Gold Mining Exchange— M. V. L., Sonora,
Cnl. General Walter Turnbull Is at the head
of the recently organized mining exchange
that has its headquarters in this City.
Wkpding Cakds— Guest, City. If a person in
vited to a wedding should be unnble to attend
It would be proper to send a card with the
word "regret" written in the upper left-hand
corner, and below it "congratulations."
The Solid South— lnquirer, City. It is a*-,
serted that John S. Mosby first used the ex
pression, '-The Solid Soutn," and was the first
to give it publicity through a letter in the New
xork Herald during the Hayes campaign in
1870.
First Quartz Mill— G. H. S., Kennott, Shasta
County, Cal. The first quartz mill erected in
California was a flve-stamp one that was put
up in July, 1850, near Quartzburg, Mariposa
County.
Educaiional Bcbeatts— E. A., Palo Alto. Cal.
There are educational bureaus in San Fran
cisco, but they are private institutions and tbe
department cannot advertise them, but sug
gests that you write for information to the
secretary of the Board of Education of this
City.
Alcohol in Wine— C. S., City. In the process
of wine-making, as fermentation goes on the
qupntity of alcohol increases, until all the
sugar of tne grape is converted into spirit. As
to when wine is best deDends on the quality.
Some wine is best at a certain age and otners
at a different period.
The Sutro Ttnnel— Subscriber, Redding,
Cal. Adolph Heinrich Joseph Sutro, Meyor ot
San Francisco, planned the famous Sutro tun
nel tor the draining of the mines on the Com
stock lode, it Is more than 20.000 feet in
length, was begun in 1869 and connection
with the first of the mines was made in 1878.
A Million in Gold— a. A., Redding, Cal.
One million dollars in gold twenties when
piled up in sacks, eisrht-ounce duck, each
containing $5000, will occupy 17 cubic feet of
space. A cubic foot of solid gold represents a
value of #327 ,750, consequently $1,000,000
solid gold will occupy about 3% cubic feet of
space.
Typewriting— F. G. H., City. A good opera
tor on the typewriter will keep up an average
of sixty-five words a minute from dictation,
while reading from notes the average will not
exceed thirty-five words. This is the average
run of writers, but there are some who from
dictation will write from seventy-five to
eigbty-tive words of ordinary matter, but not
lor a long time.
llEmiorant— W. G. F., Stockton. Cal. If a cor
poration or individual should pay the passage
of a foreigner to this country with the under
standing that he would work out his passage
money after landing he would come under the
head of a contract laborer and he would not be
allowed a landing. Emigration is the removal
from one country or region to another for the
purpose ot residence.
Labor Organizations— A. J. ft., Los Angeles,
Cal. Your communication, not being signed,
is not entitled to any notice. If a corre
spondent in search of information is ashamed
to sign his or her name to the letter sent the
writer should not feel disappointed it no at
tention is paid to the communication. Had
you sent your name anrt address the question
would have been answered by mail, as It is one
that is of personal more than general interest.
Society of Friends-H. H., Napa, Cal. There
are about two hundred Quakers in and around
San Jose. A regular Friends meeting is held at
College Park in a house of their own by what
is called the orthodox branch of the society;
there is also a meeting-house or Friends
Church of the new Friends or Western Friends,
so called. There are Friends societies in San
Francisco, Berkeley, Whlttier, Pasadena and
In other places in the southern part of the
State.
Dates— lnsignia, City. Tne process of pre
paring dates for the market is very simple.
The fruit contains 58 per cent of sugar, and
this is what preserves it after it is dried. The
fruit is gathered when ripe, allowed to dry to
a certain decree, is then placed in layers, com
pressed into a solid mass and then placed in
mats, in which manner it is transported. The
chief localities of the date industry are Fezzan,
in the North African Sahara district, and Slnd,
in India.
Largest Gities— V. A. and W. L., Oakland,
Cal. In territorial area the ten largest cities
in the United States are: Chicago, 189 square
miles; Philadelphia, 129%; San Diego, Cal.,
7.">; Washington, D. C, 70; Brooklyn, N. V.,
f.f.i ,: New York City. 66; Duluth, Minn.,
66; Pt. Louie, 61^:" Portland, Or, 60,
and New Orleans, 60. According to
to population tae largest cities are to the num
ber oi ten as follows: New York City, 1,801,
739; Chicago. 1,099,850 (a si-hool eeusna oi
Chicago in 1894 gives the population at 1,56.",
727); PhihulelDhia, 1,142,653; Brooklyn, X.
V., 957.163; St. Louis. Mo., 451,770; Boston,
Mass., 448,477; Baltimore, Md., 434,439; San
Francisco, 29H.997; Cincinnati, Ohio, 296,
908; Cleveland, Ohio, 261,353.
/ijSk MAN!
[WBKj 1 Are You Weak?
vrlll wfflM ><> " >^s^. if Some Points on the Development of
\tSKsßMfl¥h>v True Manhood by Electricity—
WißsyK^v \/j Reasons Why Dr. Sanden's E'.ec-
lk3|fy*f|§|^^'V* " -ZjT trie Belt Is the Only Sure Remedy
T©n2^^^^^,^^j^/3r • * or the Recovery of This Vital
Vhat a great amount of happiness is destroyed by this
terrible drain which is called Nervous Debility ! You see the
evidences of it in the faces of more than half the people you
meet.
This great country of ours is a nation of nerves ; nerves
which have been drained of their vital force ; nerves which are
crying out for help. And why don't we help them? Why don't
we replace the energy which has been stolen from them ' ?"
Because the medical profession, to whom we always go in
time of sickness, has no means at hand to restore nerve power.
Drugs never build up, weak nerves without taking the strength
from other organs of the body.
That don't pay. You might as well be sick one way as
another. If you are going to steal from your kidneys, your liver
and your stomach the energy to give temporary nourishment to
your nerves you'd better better let your nerves suffer and save
your stomach anyway.
"I'm tired of drugging." We hear that remark every day.
It's the wail of the nerveless man who has lost all confidence in
the old, worn-out system of medicine.
"1 was nervous and broken down from debility. Along in the afternoon I would
get so tired and weak that I could not finish my day's work. A month after I began
to wear your Belt my strength had fully returned, and since then I have been as well
and strong as ever in my life." ED. M. PIERCE,
. -Vv Guadaloupe Dairy, 15th Avenue and San Bruno Road, San Francisco.
That shows you what Electricity does. Fowler, the noted
phrenologist, says it's the instrumentality of all life. •
Dr. Sanden'e Belt is a simple thing. You wear it about
three hours at night. You feel electricity going into your nerves
all the time. You can iegulate it yourself ; turn it on mild or
strong. Every minute you soak up nerve power from it.
. Even electricity is useless if not intelligently applied. •- Dr.
Sanden has devoted twenty years to close study of the nerve and
sexual forces, and even if other belts fail his treatment will cure.
Cheap, clumsily m*de electric belts are like cheap jewelry.
You think you are getting a high-class article at a low price, but
your experience tells you that you pay twice for what you get.
"I bought your Belt January 3 and have used it just a month. Previous to that
time I was so weak that I could not work. I commenced to gain in health and strength,
immediately upon application of the Belt, and to-day I can attend to my business and
take my station in life like a man. I owe it all to your Belt and take pleasure in'
recommending it." *" C. C. HELTMAN, Santa Barbara, CaL
A permanent cure is guaranteed or money refunded' in all
weaknesses of men. A pocket edition of the celebrated electro-
medical work, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent free,
sealed, by mail, on application. Every young, middle-aged or
old man suffering the slightest weakness should read it. It will
point out an EASY, SURE AND SPEEDY WAY TO REGAIN
STRENGTH AND HEALTH WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE
HAS FAILED. Address ,
,• • » s.-A-isrx3E:isr :E2XjX2C*X i :EI.XO CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
'. Office Hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
" . —OFFIOBS AT .
LOS ANGELES, CAL. . I PORTLAND, OR. '
I - 204 South Broadway. J 256 Washington street.
NEW TO-DAY.
CITIIPIS
BLACK
DRESS
GOODS.
Unprecedented Values!
—
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK.
25 pieces FIGURED MOHAIR SUIT-
INGS, value $U\ now—
$7.00 Full Suit
20 pieces NOVELTY GRANADAS
AND JACQUARD SUITINGS,
value $14, now—
$10.50 Full Suit
15 pieces NOVELTY MOHAIR CRE-
PONS, vaiue $15 75, n« w—
$12.25 Full Suit
25 NOVELTY SUIT PATTERNS,
regular price $25 to |32 50, now—
$17.50 to $22.50
GLOVES
Our "GLOVE SALE" continues.
Gloves worth ?1 50, $1 25 and $1,
all styles and colors, at —
6Oc per Pair-
SE lIAHL.V ESPAXOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary And Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE.
LOS ANGELES.
2324
AT THE THEATRES
THE Ptranpe Adventures of Miss
Brown" is not exactly a farce
comedy that scintillates with
genius, but it is bright and enter- \
taining. More than that, it tells 3 ;
tangible tale in dialogue, and is not merely '
a string of clumsy v<-gs on which to hang j
third and fourcii rate vaudeville perform- I
ances. Strange to say, the public in this
<ity seems to prefer farce-comedies that
are mere excuses for vaudeville shows. It
is hard to say why this should be so, for
the Orpheum gives a better variety show
than any farce-comedy organization can
afford to offer. There are expenses of
statre management, etc., con
nected with a theatrical company, even if
it is a theatrical company only in name,
which makes it unprofitable to engage as i
good all-round vaudeville stars as a regu
lar music-hall organization can present.
We have been so dosed with Dad singing |
and worse aancing, under the name of
farce-comedy, that "The Strange Advent
ures of Miss Brown" at the Baldwin comes ,
as a refreshing relief.
The modern stage-manager gets in more
of his deadly work every year. Plays are
constantly becoming more spectacular
and realistic, tanks are bigger, machinery
is more complicated and millinery and
smart frocks are rapidly becoming of more
importance than good p.'ays and clever
acting. But what a boon the stage
manager would confer upon dramatic art,
if he could be induced to restrict his efforts
to new plays and to melodramas! No one
would grudge him those, Tor generally
Bpeaking they are not worth rescuing irom
his clinches. Bat alas! the stage-manager,
the milliner and the modiste are slowly
but insidiously encroaching on all that
is sacrea in the drama, though of the
preat plays Goethe's "Faust" has hitherto
suffered most at their hands.
There is scope In "Faust" for spectacular
display, but the line should be drawn
somewhere, and that somewhere assuredly
. is at illuminating the flowers in Margue
rite's garden with incandescent lights.
Could anything be mere banal and vulgar?
One thinks at once of a superior sort of
beer-garden, or at best exposition-grounds,
with a military band playing and electric
fountains somewhere ia the background.
All the illusion of quaint medieval Nurem
burg is shattered by this fin de siecle inno
vation, as completely as if Marguerite
chewed gum or Faust interrupted hislove
roaking to order cocktails for two.
It's Morrison's "Faust" that they are
playing at the Columbia; the name of
Goethe does not fipure anywhere on the
programme. The public is informed who
supplied the electric light, who made the
costumes, who directs the destiny of the
calcium glow, but the man who wrote the
play is not worth mentioning. It is just
as well, perhaps. In another and a better
world Goethe might jangle his harp and
play harsh discords if this particular Mor
rison production of "Faust"' were brought
prominently to his notice; but how indig
nant we should be if foreigners ignored
our American geniuses in thai way. Sup
pose Berlin managers took it into their
heads to produce works written by men
on this side of the Atlantic and excluded
the names of the original writers to glorify
those of their own countrymen. We should
feel out and injured if we saw that Herr
yon Piltzner's "Robin Hooi" was quite tbe
rage in Berlin or that the Baron yon Pret
zel's laughable comedy "A Trip to China
town" was the hit of the theatrical season
in the Fatherland, and there is no doubt
that we should question whether the
Herrs and the Baron's adaptations were
scintillating enough to blot out tbe names
of the original writers. It is the modern
tendency, however, both in plays and
music, to give credit to the gentlemen who
make the adaptations or transcriptions
and give little or none to the original
writers, so Morrison, who has three
"Faust" companies on the road, is quite
abreast with the times.
Baldwin Theater.
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown" will form the bill for the Baldwin
Theater to-night as well as for the rest of
the week. Variety will be introduced into
the performance by seasoning the play
with some songs. These will include a
parody of the ancient dity, "In Days of
Old," and a ballad entitled "Wailing for
Me," both of which, will be sung by Eddie
i-oy.
One of the chief events of the dramatic
season will be the appearance at the Bald
win on the 18th inst. of Augustin Daly's
company with Ada Rehan as the star.
She will be supported by James Lewis,
George Ciarke, Charles Richman, Kdwin
Steven?, Herbert Gresham, John Graig,
Bawin Varrey, Thomas Bridgland, Wil
liam Hazeltine, Hobart Bosworth, Henry
Gunson, Robert Shepherd, Frederick
Truesdell, Sidney Herbert, George Whar
nock, Mrs. G. H. Gilbert, Miss Sybil Carl
isle, Miss Helma Nelson, Miss Mildred
Holland, Miss Marie St. John, Miss Belie
D'Arcy. The opening production will be
"The Countess Gucki," a new comedy in
three acis, by Franz yon Schontnan,
adapted by Augustin Daly.
The rest of the repertoire will include
"The Two Escutcheons," "Midsnmmer
Night's Dream," "The Last Woid,"
"Twelfth Night," "The Hunchback," etc.
California Theater.
A new programme will be introduced by
Primrose & West's Minstrels for their last
week at the California Theater, which be
gins to-morrow night. Besides different
tongs and jokes there will be introduced
a gennine cake-walk, a reproduction of
the one given at. Madison-square Gardens,
New York. The management announces
that ail local talent can participate in the
ouke-walk free of entry, and that prizes
will be awarded the winners. The cham
pion. James Robinson, who is a member
of the min>trel troupe, will be seen in
tliese affairs, and it is stated that a man of
local proweas .intends to dispute his Cham
pionship. George Wilson has a number of
new things for this week's programme.
On Monday, the 18tn inst., Hoyt's
"Trip to Chinatown" will be presented at
the California by the company selected Ly
Hoyt and McKee to appear in the piece
during the coming Australian tour.
Among its members are: Harry Conor,
Geraliiine McCann, Georce Beane, Sadie
McDonald, Frank Lawton, Patrice, Arthur
Pacie, Amelia Btoue, J. Aldnch Libby and
Madeline Lack.
Columbia Theater.
The Morrison company's production of
"Faust" will remain the attraction of the
Columbia Theater for another week. One
of the features of the production is the
number of scenic effects produced by
numerous electrical appliances. Particu
larly in the Brocken scene does the electric
fluid play an important part.
Wednesday evening will mark the first
anniversary of the opening of the Colum
bia Theater under its present manage
ment, and it is intended to mark theevent
by making a special feature of the music
under the direction of Eugene E. Scbmitz,
the clever young leader of the Columbia
Th eater orchestra.
"Faust" will be followed next week by
the comedy 'Pawn Ticket No. 210." inter
preted by a company which will include
Mi-s Aniy Lee, Marion P. Clifton, May
Buckley, Julia Meirose, Delia Darcy, Prirn
ross Seraon, Frank Doane, Joseph P. Win
ter, Alex Gaden. David Murray. Frank B.
Clayton, Jay L. Packard, William P. Niel
son. E. A. White, Percy F. Bolton, Thomas
B. Dunn and Master Marty Semon.
Grand Opera-Home.
For his second week at the Grand Ed
mund Collier will appear in the leading
role of a modern melodrama, entitled
"Tne Cross Roads of Life." The part he
takes is that of the captain of a life-saving
crew, and around him and the persecuted
heroine the villains weave a plot of dis
aster, which keeps the audience on the
tenter-hooks of expectation to know how
virtue is finally to be triumphant.
The hero finally solves the problem of
his destiny ana protects Ihe heroine in a
manly and truly melodramatic fashion.
The good and bad traits in tbe characters
loom up with monumental prominence,
and it is said that in tne role of the cap
tain Edmund Collier finds a role .that is
thoroughly congenial to nis powers. Miss
Lisie Leigh will .appear as the heroine,
and Florence Thropp has a part which
permits her to indulge in songs and
! dances.
Tivoli Opera-Hoase.
The bill at the Tivoli this week will con
sist of "Fra Diavolo," an opera with which
familiarity never seems to breed contempt.
The title role of the brigand chief will be
taken by Martin Pache, a part in which
he met with considerable success both in
Europe and in this country when he sang
with tne Strakoscli Opera Company.
Arthur Boycewill take the role of Lo
renzo; John J. Raffael will appear as
heretofore as Lord Allcash; \V. H. West
and Ferris Hartman will enact the two
brigands, Beppo and Giacomo; W. H.
looker will make his first appearance as
Matteo, the innkeeper; Kate Marchi will
sing her favorite role of Zeriina, and Carrie
Roma will appear as Lady Atlcash. "Fra
Diavolo" will be played for one week only,
after which "Uncle Tom's Cabin," the fa
vorite atory in an operatic setting, will be
given with an augmented cast, including
several specialty and blacK-face artists.
At the Orpheum.
Tomorrow evening Wood and Bhepard
and Fields and Lewis will give their initial
performances at the Orpheum. Wood and
Snepard will De remembered as enter
taining performers who appeared here
with the Howard Athenaeum company,
Thatcher, Primrose <fc West's Minstrels
and with the Lottie Collins company.
Fields and Lewis are comedians and par
odists. By special request they will pre
sent their racetrack hold-up scene, la
which they so realistically show the difli
culty experienced in coming away from
the turf with money, even after a winning
has been made.
John W. Kansome. the New York topical
comedian, will continue to give his im
personation of "Boss" Croker, enlivened
with stones and political illusions. Char
lotte Perry, Carr and Jordan. Morton and
Mack and the Mimic Four will all remain
this week at the Orpheum.
New Auditorium.
Active rehearsal is going on in the Stan
ford University Glee and Mandolin Club
for the concert which will be civen at the
New Auditorium on the 22d inst. It is
said that the programme will include a
number of novelties not yet heard in Ban
Francisco.
Macdonough Theater.
Richard Mansfield will appear at the
Macdononeh Theater, Oakland, to- morrow
night in "Bean Brummeli." and on Tues
day evening he will present "Dr. Jeltyll
and Mr. Hyde."
The Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Com
pany, including the famous Rosso w
midgets, will be seen next Thursday even
ing, and Primrose <fc West's minstrels are
booked for two nights, May 18 and 19.
Local Italian Opera.
The Ziliani Musical Society, assisted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
Mrs. Elizabeth Mowry soprano, and Dr.
D. A. Hodghead tenor, will produce Verdi's
"Ernani" at the New Bush-street Thea-
ter on Thursday evening next, May 14.
The cast will be as follows: Elvira, Mrs.
Elizabeth Mowry; Giovanna, Mrs. Pauline
Wand; Ernani, Dr. D. A. Hodghead; Don
I Carlos (King of Spain), Alfred A. Borlini ;
Don Ruy Gomez de Silva, P. Lafranchi;
Don Ricardo, I. iJresciani; Jago, L. Lacaze.
The opera will be produced under the
i direction of Maestro Fanstino Ziliaui,
| who has already successfully produced
j ''Martha" and "Crown Diamonds." The
ohorus is a laree one, and those people who
have attended the rehearsals speak en
thusiastically of several of the principals.
Coining JCvcnts in Music.
Next Thursday evening Berniiard Mol
lenhauer will be tendered a benefit concert
in Golden Gate Hall by the patrons and
members of the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra. The orchestra will render sev
eral selections, and Mollcnhauer and
Homer Henly will be the soloists. James
Hamilton Howe will conduct.
Andrew Bogart, a barytone who has sung
a good deal in local concerts for the last
two years, will be tendered a farewell
Deneht concert in Metropolitan Temple
next Wednesday evening, as it is his in
tention to pursue his studies abroad. Mr.
Bogart will be assisted by the Saturday
Morning Orchestra, and the Philomel,
Treble Cleff, California and Plymouth
quartets, as well as by Miss Sophia New
lands, soprano, and Mrs. Olive Reed, con
tralto.
Mrs. Eunice Westwater announces a
song recital in Native Sons Hall on the
19th inst.
Robert Tolmey will give a pianoforte
recital in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium on
the 26th inst.
Miss Carrie Bowes' next pianoforte re
cital will take place in Golden Gate Hall
on the 27th inst.
A California Dancer.
With Ada Rehan's company, which
opens at the Baldwin on the 18th, will ap
pear for the first time here Miss Isadora
Duncan, a young Californian, who left
this City about a year ago for New York.
Very few were aware of her intention in
going East, and will be surprised to see
her return on the stage. Miss Duncau
joined one of Augustin Daly's companies
upon her arrival, and has been with him
since. She made a hit in the French pan
tomime, "Miss Pygmalion," with her
grace. ul posing and dainty dancing. Her
dance in "A Midsummer Night's Dream,"
which is billed for the second week, is
original, as in fact is all of her work. She
will also dance in "Twelfth Night."
Miss Duncan is a daughter of Mrs. Dora
Gray Duncan, who is well known here, be
ing an old San Franciscan, so there will
be a pleasant reception accorded her on
her arrival.
A Loyal Californian.
Holbrook Bltnn, the young San Fran
cisco actor who has won so much praise
from press and public alike, writes thus
from Grand Rapids, Mich., concerning his
travels for the past three years: "I have
seen almost the whole country and our
own eolden State and our own Golden
Gate are unsurpassed. I have loitered
under the drowsing palms of Hawaii and
bathed in the waters of its coral-reefed
shores; I have sailed among the icebergs
that girt the waters of Alaska and
summered in that flowerless land,
I have wandered among the tropic ver
dure-hung forests of the South, and
climbed the classic mountains of Vermont;
I have gazed ir fixed admiration at the
beautiful entrance to Charleston harbor
and stood enraptured as the sun sank be
hind the reef at St. Augustine; but there
is no lend like my land; no valieys so
sweet as our valleys— with their swift
flowing, cold streams, that sing canyon
songs as they rush onward to the low
lands; 1 have seen all the great harbors of
this country, but have yet to be so near
the perfect as when looking westward,
crossing our own bay, I see the great gate
and the limitless Pacific beyond. The re
gret of a lifetime is in exile from this gar
den of the world— dear, old California. I
am counting tbe days till the season's
close, to be within her portals once again."
ASTONISHED CHICAGO.
A Wild, Weird Drama by Sir Henry
Irving's Son.
A romantic one-act play, "Godefroi and
Yolande," by Lawrence Irving, son of Sir
Henry Irving, has caused considerable
comment in Chicago. The drama was
produced for the first time on any stage in
the Windy City the other day, by the
Irving- Terry company. Miss Terry plays
Yolaude, but Sir Henry does not appear
in the performance. The New York Her
ald, speaking of this work, says:
" 'Godefroi and Yolande' is a grewsome
medieval play, the story of a French
courtesan hi^h in royal favor, who, in the
midst of her life of splendid vice, is stricken
with leprosy and cast out among the os
tracised colony.
"She has held a very court cf her own,
magnificent in its appointments, daring in
its shamelessness, royal in its personnel.
In her household is a youth, Godefroi,
who loves her — with what playwrights are
pleased to call a pure love. His mother
comes to Yolande's castle and endeavors
to open his eyes to his infatuation and in
duce him to leave, but is driven away by
Yolande.
"Preparations are being made for a grand
bal masque, which tho king is to attend,
and though Yolande is ill she joins the
guests. At the bail the king is told by one
who has been much in the East and has
learned to quickly detect symptoms of
leprosy that he has touched the hand of
a masked guest who is infected, and warns
the king of his peril. There is a scene of
tumult, and the suspected leper, being at
last compelled to unmask, is found to be
Yolamle.
"Cast out, she wanders among the
lepers, followed only by Godefroi, who
sacrifices himself in order to be her com
panion and her savior. He labors with
what his mother declares is a spirit that
is surely Christlike to work Yolando's
spiritual redemption, to save the soul of
the woman he loved, though the body is
Tust all cure. And this he does, bringing
Yolande finally to repentance for her past
and to making peace with her God."
I.aokaj <-'i New Play.
Wilton Lackaye, who made such a suc
cers as Svengali in "Trilby, 1 proposes to
star. He has several plays he intenls to
produce, but the most important is one
entitled "Dr. Helßraff," of which Charles
Kiein, tbe librettist of "El Capitan," is the
author.
Dr. Belgraff, like Svengali, is a hypno
tist, and he uses his power to conceal a
murder he has committed. Remorse
seizes him, however, and he takes to
drink. Weakened by dissipation, he gradu
ally loses his hypnotic influence and his
secret is betrayed. Rather than pay the
penalty of hi 9 crime he swallowed a
draught of poison and the play ends as he
falls dead.
Rather a grewsome affair, is it not? But
Mr. Lackaye says it is a very strong play
and that he feels of its success. He
may possibly give it a trial production
somewhere this sprintr, but he intends to
open his starring tour in the "West, and
will not brine his play into New York un
til he has ii in perfect working order.
AUGISTIN DALY.
Career of a Man "Who Has Done Much
for the Drama.
Born at Plymouth, N. C, July 20, 1838.
and educated in Norfolk, Va., with some
finishing touches put on in New York
City, Auguistin Daly is claimed as a South
ern man, though New York and the Na
tion now claim him, and is proud of him
for what he has done for the stage end
dramatic literature. He became dramatic
editor of the New York Sunday Courier in
18(59, and successfully held positions on
the Express, Citizen, Times and Sun un
til he became a manager of theaters by
opening the old Fifth-avenue Theater.
To him was due the production of Henry
Mosenthal's "Deborah" in America, and
the brilliant success of Miss Kate Bate
man in the well-remembered character of
Leah the Forsaken, thirty-two years
ago. While yet a youth he adapted plays
for Mrs. John Wood, Mme. Methua-
Scheller, Rose Eytinge and Avonia Jones.
He was the earliest adopter of Charles
Reade's "Griffith Gaunt," and he had a
principal hand in converting Henry Ward
Beecher's novel of " Norwood" into a
play, in days when the name of Beecher
was a watchword for the public enthu
siasm. As a writer of original dramas he
was very early in the field. His melo
drama of "Under the Gaslight," produced
in 1807, containing the rescue from death
upon the railroad track, proved the pre
cursor of a long line of sensational plays
upon American subjects. His "Flasn of
lightning," in 1868, was another success
in the same field, and his play of "Pique"
still continues to be the best of American
domestic dramas.
During his first season as* a manager,
that of 1869-70, when he had to contend
against the rivalry of Booth's Theater and
of WallacK's, he produced twenty-three
plays, of which three were by Shakespeare,
and every one of his revivals was consci
entiously planned and sumptuously ac
complished. He presented that fine trage
dian E. L. Davenport when at bis best.
He brought out Mrs. Scott-Siddons in
Shakespearean tragedy and comedy at a
time when that lovely woman was in the
prime of her beauty. He managed en
gagements of John Brougham. Georpe L.
Fox, Edwin Booth, Joseph Jefferson, E. A.
Sothern, Mile. Aimee, Adelaide Neilson,
Charles Mathews and Fechter. He was
the first to present the noble Spanish play
of "Yorick in 1874, and he introduced
the first of the comedies of Bronson How
ard. He discovered and fostered the tal
ents of Clara Morris, Agnes Bethel, Fanny
Davenport, Catherine Lewis, Kate Cla.x
ton, Sara Jewett, James Lewis and John
Drew, and it is to his wise guidance and
bojd enterprise that the public owes its
enjoyment of the genius and success of
Aua Rehan. His revivals of old comedy
and his presentations of the plays of
Shakespeare are among the most careful,
tasteful and beautiful that have been ac
complished.
He has started and established three
theaters in New York, has conducted pros
perous performances all across the conti
nent, on the Pacific Coa*t and in Germany
and France, and he has performed the
almost incredible feat of establishing a
new theater In the city of London.
This is a remarkable career, and it is a
career honorable to the manager and use
ful and impressive to society, and while
brilliant with eood deeds well done it is
augury of much beneficent achievement in
the maturity and repose of developed
powers and assured repute.
Dramatic Brevities.
Mrs. Henry E. Abbey contemplates re
turning to the stage next season.
Henry Jrving's American tour closes in
New York Friday night. May 15.
Henry Dixey has been re-engaged for
next season by Charles Frohman to play
tue principal part in "Thoroughbred."
They are publishing in Paris alleged
extracts from a book by Bernhardt about
Americans. The extracts so far as heard
from are all complimentary, so it may be
merely a compilation from Bernbardi's
newspaper interviews.
On the 24th inst. a local Italian opera
company, under the direction of Professor
Paniza and Professor Martinez, will give
"Cxitpino c la Comare" at the Bush-street
Theater. Anjonii the soloists will be Mrs.
Cuneo McLean, Mrs. Douglas, and Signori
Paniza, Almapia, De Grazia, Bcrtini,
Grella and Daniele.
Miss Apnes Simpson, who is said to be a
perfect type of Trilby beauty, will on
Saturday, the 16th inst., sing for the first
time in this City the Chopin impromptu
which Trilby is supposed to have sung in
her hypnotic state. The success of the
book caused some Paris publishers to have
the pianoforte solo transcribed for the
voice.
Herr Fritz Scheel, the leader of the
Olympia Concert Orchestra, has been in
vited to direct a symphony concert, which
will probably taVe place at the Carnegie
Music Hall on Friday afternoon, May 15.
The orchestra will Decomposed of seventy
five musicians selected from the Philhar
monic and Symphony societies.
Miss Ada Rehan intends to go to Europe
early in July and will spend her vacation
at her summer house in Cumberland,
England, on the Irish Sea. The other
members of the company, most of whom
are re-engaged for next season, will spend
their time as they choose until the middle
ol August at least.
H. A. Jones has called the piece which
he has written for Mr. Willard "The
Rogue's Comedy." The play is in three
acts, and the part which will be played by
Mr. Willard is that of a gentleman who
puts into practice on every occasion some
peculiar theories on the subject of honesty.
Here is a story of father and son. It was
the premiere of a new play by the younger
Dumas, and Dumas pere was loitering in
rhe vestibule of the theater. "Had you a
hand in this?" asked a friend of the vet
eran. "Yes," he replied. '-For what were
you responsible?" "I am responsible for
the author." he observed, and passed on.
A peculiar custom prevalent in Mexico
is that of selling a ticket for a single act of
a play. One nmy see ati entire play by
purchasing a large ticket with a coupon
for each act, which gives a sitting in the
best rows of the orchestra circle, reserved
for this purpose. A ticket for only one
act involves a seat outside this charmed
circle, and its holder is expected to retire
voluntarily at the end of the act or pay
again.
Hermann Sudermann, the author of
"Magda," is described by the Berlin cor
respondent of the New York Tribune as
still a comparatively young man, having
just passed his thirty-eighth year. His
tinely shaped head and lectures and his
long black beard give him a very hand
some appearance, and at tir&t glance one
would not take him for a German. He
has more of the Southerner in his looks,
and there are a freedom and a joviality in
his manner and conversation that are
very utilise the Prtibsian character, but
make him most pleasant to meet.
KEW TO-DAY.'
f^f I NOLAN BROS.
; I fr| SHOE CO. -'
LATEST STYLE
FIISTE
l/irl Dfll/ijij!
We Arc (he Only House That Has
All the Very Latest Tan Shoes.
NO OLD STYLESin ODE STORE
Nothing but the very latest and all
right up to the minute. So when
you want TAN SHOES come or send
direct to our store and buy them
AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
We Are Making a Specialty
of Tan Shoes and Can
Suit Every One.
All Styles That Are Made in
Black Shoes We Have in Tan.
' EHU3B
WE SELL:
Ladles' Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid Button,
band-turn soles, pointed toes and tips, at..
$2 50 per pair
Ladles' Fine Tan Oxfords, French heels, hand,
turn soles, pointed toes and tips, at .s•_' per pair
Ladies" Fine Tan Kid, Brown Cloth Top Ox-
fords, or Southern Ties, hand-turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at $1 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Russet Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at $1 per pair
Ladles' White Canvas Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed toes, at 91 50 per pair
Children's and Misses' Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip.
Sizes B to 8 90c
Sizes 8y a to 11 $1 00
Sizes lly 3 to 2. $1 'J5
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up.
We have all the Very Latest Styles
and Shades In MEN'S TAN SHOES.
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
Send ns your address and we will mall yon a
Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORe ON
MARKET STREET.
Mall orders receive prompt attention,.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long: Distance Telephone 5337.
A <jOOP
iICATOH
llrfflL t .
' -Jt you get therein hn\e.
TS?ESPAY
wepmespaV;
THVRSPAY
IWe will sell — a
La 25c.^ €{4 10t
r25c?50c.C4^15c.
t sOc.PVffSfCsc
L7sc & «l 0 -°p£f ff f s o?3sc
«lafest Shapes. &
7^ ' Shades in our
***" DISPLAY IN WINDOW
WMZM
£18-820 MARKET 5T
THE
PIERCE
TRIED AND TRUE
PIERCE MODEL 10.
Honor-Bright Value
Stylish and Reliable
$75 AND SIOO
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOJ,
SA>' AN CISCO. SACRAMENTC
Market i Betile, 233 J Street.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO/S THEATERS.
ftofi&n TO-HIGHT and ALL THE WEEK,
BIG- !MIJXrST?3FLE3X J >S I
MBSBA?Wi NN H Q T. ENTIRE mm FROM START TO FINISH. In « lns
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK!
Exactly as presented at Madison Square Garden. N. V. f by FRIMBOSB and WEST on their
Twenty-fifth Anniversary.
J\A rrtflPIFQ t\(l Will contest for cash and valuable prizes KA fiftliDTrc CA
Ov-tvLILLIJ-OV All local talent can participate free of en try OV"vUIJILL!3"DU
Monday, May 18-HOYT'S "A TRIP TO CHINATOWN."
[MM\ h CARNIVAL OF LAUGHTER!
TO-NIQHT (SUNDAY), AND R 7 5faHT S
EDDIE THE STRANGE
cvw OF MISS BR.OTA7-3ST
r\JY OF BR.O"W3ST
Management of WM. A. BRADY.
EXTRA- M y D^r'l ADA REIIAN and AUGUSWH DALY'S COMPANY
Repertoire First Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday evenings and Saturday Matinee, " The
Countess Guckf." Thursday and Friday, •' The Two Escutcheons." Saturday niirht. "School For
Scandal." Second — Five nights and Saturday Matinee, '• Mldsumnu-r Night's I)ream." Saturday
night, '• The Last Word." Third Week— " Twelfth >.'ight." "The Hunchback,' "The Honeymoon'
" The Taming of The shrew." NOTE— Choice of seats will he given to subscribers who purchase seats
for every change of play, Subscribers' seat* will be ready Monday, .May 11, and mim' be caller) for
that day. Regular sale of seats for the entire three weeks will commence Tuesday, Hiv 12. Prices
during the lIKHa N engagement will be $2, if 1 50, »1 and 60 cents, according to location. "
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee an! Mana^ar
TO-MORROW EVENING - - - - - - - MONDAY, MAY 11
SECOND WEEK OF AMERICA'S LEADING TRAGEDIAN.
EDiMITTHSTID KZ. COLLIER
Supported by a Select Cast from our Own Company,
IN THE GREAT MELODRAMATIC SUCCESS, '
THE CROSS-ROADS OF LIFE!
A STORY OF MOST INTENSE INTEREST.
MFW I SPECIALTIES, SONGS. DANCES. I MCU/
I^l-, " T| SOUL-STIRRING REALISM. J— l>CW
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
rRICDLAnOLiIWrTLOD* a>- usicjA-ionAnAJtRJ---
The I Of
First ii PAI T<nT "
Sunday I rAuai .
HEAR THE NCBEMBIIRG CHOIR.
MOBKISOK'B EXCELLENT COMPANY.
Famous scenic and Dramatic Production.
Overture by the Wonderful
JV\ARIMBA^j
From Guatemala.
RESERVED SEATS^2Se, 50c and 75t.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and l'owell-
Matinee To-Day (.Sunday), May 10.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
OUR O\YS JIAGXHICES; AND ENTIRE NEW CO.
Imported Direct from Europe and th* East.
J. W. RANSOM:. CAitK AND JORDAN,
MORTON AND MACK. CHARLOTTE PARRY.
'I lIX MIMIC FOUR, 3— THE NIG 11 TONS—
And a Long Lint of Celebrities.
%ft\®OTNu\
fPIEDLANDERCOTTLOB&C, LESSEES &/iANA6£»
LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
BRISTOL'S GREAT HORSE SHOW,
The like of which has never been seen here.
WONDERFUL! MARVELOUS!
Thirty educated horses, ponies and mules.
Beats only 1 5c, 25c and 50c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Professor Hermann and Anna Eva Fay outdone.
TO-NIOHT (SUNDAY), Farewell Performance.
THE GREAT ZANCICS, the White Mahatmaa.
Prices— 2sc, 35c and 50c. ■
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(Oakland.)
Two Nights, Beginning To-riorrow (lionday),
ENUAGEMEXT EXTRAORDINARY.
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And his New York Garrlck Theater Co.
» Monday Evening— "Beau Bbtjmiteij,."
Tuesday Evening— '-Dr. Jekyuand Mr. Hyde."
Choice seats and boxes now on sale. ■ • .■ :•.
SUTRO BATHS.
TO-DAY— MISS IT!
REALISTIC REPRESENTATION
BY THE REAL SAILORS OF THE
BURNING SHIP REPUBLIC
OF THEIR HEROIC RESCUE
....8Y....
SHIP HOLLINWOOD,
150 MILE 3 WEST OF THIS PORT.
Both vessels correctly shown In the water.
THE ILL-FATED. SHIP ON FIRE.
TAKING TO THE LIFEBOATS.
GENERAL. ADMISSION;,
ADULTS 10c. CHILDREN sc.
LOCKE'S RESERVED SEAT
EXCURSION
TO RUSSIAN RIVER.
NEXT SUNDAY, May 17. Leave via 7:30
Tiburon boat. Choice of stopping at Pieta 0
hours, Duncans Springs 5% hours or Ukiah 4
hours. Fine trout-fishing. Special boat meets
returning train. No crowding. Good com-
pany. Tickets for round trip $2, children $1.
Reserved seats now ready evenings from 7 to 9
o'clock at 333 O'Farrell st. Unreserved tickets
for sale at ferry.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
. t ~- Cor. California and Mason streets.
The Annual Sprinar Exhibition."
Including the James D. Phelan prize painting and
l4Oexamples In oil and water colors by resident
artists. o!bo 15 examples In plastic art. is now
open dally from 9 a. m, to 5 ». m., including Sun-
days, t >rgau Recitals Sunday afternoon :rom 3
to 1. Admission Me.
Concerts Kvery  " hursday Evening.
, Admission 50c, -
WAGNER NIGHT.
ABITOIU JS OECOTT.
NATIVE SONS' HaLL ....;;. 414 Mason street,
Monday.'May 11, 8:15 I*. M. . .
Tickets at Sherman <fc Clay'a.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBit. hs.MiSTi.Nii Kbsxijjq. Proprietor & Alanajor
TO-NIGHT- I.AST TIME
Of Planquette's Romantic Opera,
"THE CHIMES OP SORMASDY"
. TO-MORROW EVENING
Auber"s Tnnefal Opera,
"PRA DIAVOLO!"
LOOK OUT FOR THE BIG SHOW,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN I"
The Favorite Story in an Operatic Setting.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
SHOOT THE CHUTESI
? Open To-Day from 10 A. Mto
tffjt
THIS AFTERNOON !
Launching of the Monster New Airship
" CHUTES "
And Parachute Drop by
MISS LEI LA ADAIRI
The 7000-Foot Jumper.
Admission 10c. Children sc.
Children's Chutes, sc.
CENTRAL PARK, MAY 16.
Afternoon and Evening.
NATIONAL CIRCUIT,
L. A. W. RACE MEET.
GIVEN BY THE
S. F. CYCLE RACING ASSOCIATION.
All the best Riders entered for the Races.
LARGEST PRIZES EVER OFFERED.
General admission, including seat. 25c
Grand stand 50c
Balcony ; 75,.
Box s»-ats. *1.00
These races will be continued every Saturday
Afternoon and Evening during the Reason.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINK.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. n.
ADMISSION 91.00.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. *.
Fare for round trip, Including admission to graai
stand, 91. Take Mission-street electric lino direct
to track. '
A. B. BPRECKEL& W. a LEAKE.
President. Secretary.
PICKICS AND EXCURSIONS.
t?i°iSSft
MX W ■ : The Grandest ;: Altll^ •
JT\\ : Picnic :1,11 If 7
jf JO. :of the Season : UltUfta
Ii MOUNTAINS
.3 \> THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
©Excursion and Family Picnic^
OF THE —
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
WILL. BE HKLD ON
THURSDAY MAY 21, 1896
At GLENWOOD PARK ,
~ Santa Cruz Mountains.
Tickets for the round trip (including Park* SI on
Children (between 5 ana VI years) V)o
Tickets can be procured of any member of the
Society, or at 608 Montgomery at.. Room 18, or at
the wharf on the morning of the Excursion. A
fine I.n:id Mj>ii:c will accompany the i rcnnlnn
The train will he made up of Flrst-classs Passed
ger C oaohes. Pr.ses for adults aiul children
Boat leaves Oakland Ferry (narrow gauge), foot
ot 11 arket St., at 8 -.45 x. m. sharp. burning,
train leaves Oienwood at 5:30 p. x. XHJlurnm »»
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now Open Every Sunday During ths Season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling. Boating, Fishing and
P.™ mU e .^ ea . ts - K^hn^nu at city price* .
l o™» d tiJe l Kn C d fc ChUltrea lf>C: inCIUdIDB "•
w«, i THE STEAMER URIAH
•> l»a save5 ave Tib ' iron Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 p. if.,
2 and 4 p m. Returntns leave Xl campu 11*5
a. m., 1, $ and if. v,IN CHILHOOD'S REALM
.EDITED BY MARY W. KICHAKDS
FROM the land of sunshine and |
roses, the "Garden City" of the I
West, fair San Jose, a greeting to- I
day I send to my little readers. I '
am keeping my eyes and ears wide
open during this "nierrie carnival" time
for interesting things to tell my boys and
girls in the future.
I hope you a!l agree with me that the
"Naughty Max" stories which were
eelected for publication are very interest
ing ones.
What Flora Saw When in Soarch of the
Fairies.
[CONCLUDED.]
I am perfectly discouraged, mamma, at
the turn of affairs, but I am going to make
one more effort, and if I don't succeed I
"Stop, Carlo," said Flora; "yon arc walking right into that spider's web."
Bbsll come to the conclusion that if fairies
ever did exi3t they have now become ex
tinct.
This morning I intend to question the
various insects and animals that 1 may
chance to meet, and when I return I shall
tell you with what success.
Carlo was frisking around showing his
impatience to be off for the usual morning
ramble, and Flora's low whistle sent him
bounding down the road. "Not quite so
f.ist, old doggie, or we shall lose all our
opportunities.
"Why, even now I see a trusty subject,
but aias it would take an Australian bee
hunter to gather any information from
that little fellow! How busy he was! And
what a load of pollen he had, carrying it
home, from which to make his honey.
"Surely he knows nothing of fairies, he
is far too busy with his own affairs.
"Never mind, we don't expect much to
day, so our hearts will be light in spite of
repeated failures.
"But stop. Carlo, you are walking right
"It's Only Pussy."
into that spider's web! There now, keep
still, and we shall see whether or uot we
can find the owner of this mansion."
Flora peeped cautiously around, but the
spider was not visible.
"We fchall leave him a note asking for
an interview on our return," said she, as
she threw a tiny bit of paper into his web.
Immediately om ran "Lord bpider" and
pounced vi on his supposed prey. Great
was his indignation when he discovered
that he had been tricked! But he care
fully disentangled the paper, threw it out
and returned to his hiding-place.
"Ho chance here,"' said Flora. "Unfor
tunately I have provoked the little fellow,
so we had better Jeave him now and re
turn when he has recovered his «ood hu
mor."
"Such a lovely morning this is! All the
world seems to be singing. It matters
little to me whether fairies exist or not;
* surely my life is a very happy one, and
there is really no wish I need ask of the
fairies!" thought the little girJ. Butail the
tame just then she cried to Carlo: "Well,
you naughty dojr. how dare you do so?
ihe aea of chasinc that squirrel! Do
you not know that we are in search of in
formation and should be particularly
friendly to everything?
"Easy now," as she motioned the doe to
stand still, while she slipped carefully up
to a beautiful wild rosebush, on one of
whose lovely blooms daintily poised a
brilliant swallow-tailed butterfly.
But the hearing of this beauty seemed
equal to the sight of Argus; for before
Flora could speak ho had spread his gaudy
wings and flew away to lind new fields of
honeyed sweetness.
"Come, Carlo; it was through no fault of
yours that we failed, but I am sure that
butterfly must be related to the fairies, be
cause his movements are so light and airy
and his beauty so delicate."
Just then Flora gave a terrific shriek
and nearly jumped over Carlo. In her
rapturous admiration of the butterfly she
had not looked before her, and had nearly
walked into thefriendlj of a large
gopher snake.
When she had regained her composure
she laughingly said to her dog, who was
yet barking at this formidable enemy,
"Well. Carlo, this is the first time you
have been willing to interview anything,
and 1 assure you you are most welcome to
any information you may glean from his
snakeship."
They strolled along for some time, en
joying the beautiful flowers and the sing
ing birds, and the little girl became almost
forgetful of her mission when whiz, bip,
and her right eye wa3 closed in an instant,
the shock being followed by a terrible
pain !
After a few moments of agony Flora
succeeded in wiping from her eye a gnat.
"Oh, you mischief-maker ! You were very
tiny, but you made yourself feel like a
mountain. From your swift flight I really
believe you were the winged steed from
fairyland, and I am truly sorry that you
came to so untimely an end, for 1 should
dearly have loved to question you."
Flora becan to think that the third day
of her quest was to bring nothing but mis
fortune, so she called her dog and started
for home.
When she arrived there she threw her
self on the cool shady porch at her
mother's feet saying, "Mother, dear, Carlo
and I have enjoyed ourselves thoroughly
the last few days, for we have seen much
that I ?hall remember for a long time, and
while I am convinced that there are no
fairy folk nowadays, still I do not advise
any little girl to tako my word alone for
it, but hope they will all search for fairy
land as I have, and I trust with as much
enjoyment." Alice Sill,
[the end.]
The Little Gogfllp*.
"Have you heard what that sly hypocrite
Rosella Hayes has done?" said Celeste to
her three little playmates, Daisy, Florence
and Christabella. "I could hardly believe
it, and I feel so angry I shall never play
with her again."
"What has ehe done, Celeste?" cried the
three little friends with the utmost curi
osiiy. "Why, we always thought Rosella
such an honorable girl!"
"Honorable!" cried Celeste, with a dis
dainful shrug of her shoulders. "Well
what you think of this? i made a heart
shaped pincushion as a Christmas gift to
our nchoolteacher (all the girls are to give
her a present), and it looked so pretty,
made of white muslin and lace; I know
that old hypocrite has gone to work and
made one exactly like mine, only tiers is
blue saiin, and, of course, much prettier;
so I suppose I may as well throw mine
away, after all my trouble. Is it not
shameful?"
"Disgraceful!" cried Daisy. "I hate a
sly girl," said Florence. "I have always
suspected her oF beirig a hypocrite," added
Chnstabel; "but really this i* too bad!"
cried the four little gossips, all at once.
How little they knew of the surprise in
store for them!
That same evening a parcel and note
from Rosella Hayes were handed in to
Celeste. The note ran as follows:
D;ar Celeste: I hope you will like this little
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
blue satin pincushion. I have finished my
gift for our te cher. It is a little work-basket
lined with pink satin. Mother wishes you to
come "to tea" to-morrow evening, so "please
come. Your friend, Rubella.
Gelesiine's face flashed with shame.
Rosella had been making the blue satin
pincushion for her all the time she had
been talking so unkindly of her little
friend! In her distress she ran and told
her mother all about it.
"Well, my dear," said her mother kind
ly, "let this be n lesson to you in
the future. Never be hasty in form
ing an opinion upon the conduct
of others; think as kindly as you can of
all your playmates, and never say anything
mean about any one, v.'hich is a sad fault
in a woman."
Celeste thought over htr mother's words,
and since that day she has been a {rentier
and more amiable girl, while she and
Rosella are fast friends.
Isabella Grass.
Naughty Max.
The little giri's name in the picture is
Helen anil the dogcie's name is Max.
Helen lives out in the country and has a
kind papa and mamma and is very much
petted by them as she is the only child.
Helen is just 5 years old, but her
mamma is never afraid when Max, her
little pet, is with her.
On her fifth birthday her aunty in New
York sent her a lovely doll with a pretty
red dress and hat of the latest style, and a
trunk full of a whole wardrobe for Miss
dollie. She was deliglitcd with it and
called the doll "Violet," her favorite name
for anything she loves. She played with
it all the next day, and when her mamma
called her and told her that Lucy, a friend
of hers, was there, she left Violet lying
on the bench near Max and ran to meet
her little friend.
Now, Max was jealous of Violet, and he
thought to himself: "This is a good
chance for me to put her out of the way."
So ne picked her up by the pretty red dress
and shook her as hard as lie couid. He
tore her dress all to pieces and lost her
pretty white slippers, then left her lying
on the ground with her nose broken.
In about twenty minutes Helen and
Lucy came out to see the doll and you may
imagine the poor little mamma's distress
at seeing that Violet had leen used so
badiy. At first she could do nothing but cry,
until her mamma came out and promised
her another dollie, and that comforted her.
Max was lying down a little way off In
the grass, but his young mistress picked
up poor Violet and went over to him and
gavt> him a lecture, which I am sure he
understood, for he dropped hia ears and
looked as if he felt very sorry. You see
Helen in the picture just scolding Max.
She now has another doll and is very
careful not to leave it alone with Max,
and 1 do not think he feels so jealous as
he did. At least he d« es not seem to.
Ace, 13 years. Jennie Marciiand,,
Mayfield, Santa Clara County, Cal.
Naughty Max.
In the big city of New York there lived a
little girl, whose name was Dorothy Arnold,
fche had sunny brown curls and a pretty
dimpled face. Hue lived with her papa aud
mamma aud her papa's oldest sister, Aunt
Alice. One day when she was playing with
her doll, Geraldine, s-he saw nnughty Max, her
pet dog. frisking around and stopping to look
at her, as if to say, "Come, little mistress,
leave that stupid doll and have a frolic with
me." "No, no, naughty Maxy, I will not go
out to play with you, for you have been a
naughty dog and lore my poor little dolly no
that Aunt Alice had to glue her arm and sew
her up so the sewdust would not come out.
And I must make ncr a nignt cap and gown
and put her to bed so the glue will dry. 1 will
never let you play with my dolly again, you
are too rough. But I guess I will play with you
just a little while so dolly can go to sleep and
let the glue get dry.
MAruE Ptnsmore.ll years old.
Oat Hill, Napa County, CaL
Naughty Max.
"Now, Max, you stop your whining," said
Susie Grey to her pup. "I'll soon have you all
dressed and then I'll put you and Amelia Jane
in tne don-carriage and then we'll go to visit
Aunt Mary."
Amelia Jane was her doll. Susie had al
ready dressed her in ncr red dress and put on
her green silk bonnet, and now she was trying
to dress Max in an old white dress of Amelia
Jane's, but Max did not like to be dressed as it
was new to him.
"Now you are all dresscJ." said Susie an she
buttoned the last button; "now lie mill like a
good floggie while I get the Carriage."
It was too tight a fit for Amelia Jane and
Max to He side by side; so Susie put Max in
first and then put Amelia in his paws, i
with one paw around her nfcek.
"Doesn't Max hold Amelia Jane lovely? I
diln't think he'd t>e so good," said Susie to
her mother as she was tying on her hat.
"Good-by, mamma," said Susie, as she went
out of the "door, "we won't be gone long."
Susie had not gone far when she heard a
thump in the carriage and there was Max with j
Amelia Jane's arm in his mouth, her dress all ■
torn and his own dress split down the back.
"Oh. dear, it's all that pup's fault," wailed !
Susie; "you bad dog," she said, as she took him :
by the "back of his neck and put him on the '
sidewalk, "you deserve a good scolding." Now !
that Max was out of the carriage he started \
home as fast as he could and fcusie I
after him, but Max ran faster even
U his sleeves were tight and his !
dre«s was long. Finally he ran toward a group
(>i newsboy!!, who began laughine then they I
saw him. One of the boys caught Max, and
when Susie came running up, very red in the
face, for it was a warm day, ha gave Max to :
her.
When Susie pot home about ten minutes !
later she told her mother all about it. "Never !
miud," said her mother, "I'll fix Amelia Jane I
ail right, and you'll know from experience
that dogs and dolls don t make gooa compan
ions."
Susie went to see Aunt Mary next day, but
Max did not go alone. Clara Kennedy.
Goodyenrs Bar, Sierra County, Cal.
Millie and Max.
Millie was playing with her doll in the din
ing-room. Max. her little dog, Whs lying on
the large fur ru| in front of the fire.
Max had a very bad habit of tearing up
invited kit tywffcli t^^E \m,
// /l/X) > v€wihejf/:itould^t h&vc sliced .her.
Jsnoetlie&'her.fur till it *h@&t like .mIL
f te<Ss fereftu ancU©jt\ <&* white ay milk.
Ik ®»Uie& afived&riitt **&t far Her.
Kitty ted. Thanh." little £urr.
[low «rh*t kilU «£id II We U tell.
[rr@n @@©€i &lß4vior wow a©o^ $k? jell*
ske |pwt her he&d iowHinU th&t fce&*
Looked up with'©^ ?.w &n& -wii^fc^dl &l fit,
The Allies looked on with alaisvp &l«ir? v
Byt kittw- ike it&n'l gvnr-\ &&irg I
skg dr e rv k. t K&E te&*tv& dr&nl. it <sl! vp.
everything he could find. Pretty soon Millie's
little friend, Mabel, came for her to go straw
berrying with Iht. Millie at once threw Susan,
the doll, on the floor, and was off with Mabel.
"Good-by, mamma,' the sang, as she went
down the walk. "I will bring lots of straw
berries home for you."
At half-past 4 the two little girls came back.
They were very happy with the amount of
berries they had, and were laughing Hnd talk
ing gtiyly; but Millie's countenance fell when
Max cnme in with her Susan in his mouth.
Millie knew at once that if 6he had put the
doll away; Max would not have torn it up.
Millie learned a lesson that she did not for
get very soon. Whenever she goes out now
IRIENDS.
she puts her things away. I hope my first let
ter will escape the waste basket.
San Jose, May 5. Ada Ingels.
What Max Did.
This is a picture of a little srirl, her dog and
her doll. The little girl had a nice doll given
to her on her birthday, which was in the
month of June. One day she was playing with
her doll in the parlor and having a good time.
I'retty soon her mamma called her to go on an
errand. She laid her doll, which she called
Alice, on a chair and ran to her mother. The
day was hot so Max, the dog, saw all the doors
open and walked into the parlor where his
mistress had been playing. He thought he
would have a good time too, so he seized the
doll and commenced to tear it up. His mis
tress soon came home and ran to get her doll
and put it away. As she stepped into the
room there was her doll all toru to pieces.
After all the fun Max got the worst of it. He
was shut up and not allowed to play with his
mistress again for a week. Yours truly,
Sweetland, Cal. Oscar axgilly.
The Little Girl and Her Dog.
I am Max, Maggie's dog, or rather I was her
doggie before that hateful doll came into the
house. 1 lived in "Frisco" with some other
doggies.- One day a lady came to our house
and said I was a nice doggie aud she would
like to take me to a little girl named Maggie,
in the country. So she put me in a basket ana
took me to Maggie. No doggie was as happy
as I was. But 1 pulled the doilies curls and
scratched her face. Now lam a lost dog and
have no home. To think 1 should be scolded
KITTY AT A
TEA,PARTY
for that horrid doll. Odear! Odearl I'll go
off and drown myself if Maggie keeps that
doll. Max.
Kaymond Roby, Hawarden, lowa, April 20,
1890.
Naughty M»x.
One day it was raining so that Carrie could
not go to school.
She played all the forenoon with her dog and
doll. The dog's name was Max; the doll's
name was Clara. Every morning Carrie used
to wash Max with Fear's soap and hot water.
■ Mnx did not like his treatment very well.
Bui Carrie did it so much that it made him
mad. so one morning Max paid to himself, "I
will pay her; I will tear her doll into rags."
While Carrie was sleeping that morning,
Max went to the doll's cradle and grabbed it
and began to tear it when Carrie woke up and
heard her doll crying for her. She ran and got
the doll from the dog, and then gave the dog a
good scolding. Max never toucned a doll after
that great scolding. James L. Harris.
Uoodyears, Sierra County, Cai.
THE LETTER
BOX
San Francisco, April 30, 1896.
Dear Editor: 1 like The Call very much. I
think it is better than the Chronicie.
My papa has been taking the Chronicle for
twelve yeHrs. He stopped tiking it because
that paper refused to print Father Yorke'j
letters.
Mike, boss of the fakirs, is no good.
This is the first letter 1 have ever written.
1 hope you will print it in next Sunday's
Call.
My father is dead four years and my mother
is dead six years. lam living witb two friends
1 call Mamma Keely aud Papa Keeley.
I will be 10 years old the 16th of May.
Your loving friend,
William Emmet O'Connor.
Oakland, Cal., April 26, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. I have solved some of the puzzles be
fore thin and I think I can solve some of these.
I will be 13 years old on the Ist of May, and
mamma calls me her Maybird. I have a little
sister named Helen, and sometimes I take her
to school. Ljvould be very much pleased to
see my letter In next Sunday's Call.
Jean s. Johnsione.
South San Francisco, April 26.
Dear Editor: 1 am a little boy 11 years old. I
saw tome letters from the children that go to
the same school as I do printed in The Call,
and hope to see mine printed also. My papa
takes The Call, at>d as I saw pome puzzles I
thought I'd try them. Waltee Richards.
Ban Fk.vnctsco, April 26, 1896.
'Dear Editor: My mumma takes The Call. 1
like The Call. I am a little boy 9 years of
"CATCH IT!"— A MAY SCENE.
[Reproduced from Babyland.l
age. I go to school every day and learn my '
lessons, too. Sometimes lam pood in school. I I
go tothePeabodyßchoolon West Mission street, j
I have a little *<iog. I think so much of her. |
She is a pet dog. 1 trip the trolley. I think it :
is fun to trip the trolley. I hope my name will
be in The Call next Sunday morning.
Arthur Carlson.
St. Helena, Cal., At>ril 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call aud T
like our pase. I have a pigeon that I call
Grandpa. He has blue, green and c<>ld aronnd
his neck and he makes a bow when I tell him.
My cat's name is Smut. My dog is part St.
Bernard. His name is Major. When I go
for wild flowers he goes with me. I
wish every little girl had as nice a place es
I have to play. Only I wish I had a sister. I
walk a mile to school. 1 have been absent
sometimes for good rensons, but I have never
been tardy. I am clad the rain is over, I
came the day after Valentine's day. nine years
ago. Your friend, addie Williams.
Dear Editor: This i| my first letter to you.
We live on a ranch near Santa Kosa, Sonoma
County. We expect to have a nice time at the
Rose Carnival there next week, and liope you
will be there. I enjoy reading the children's
page in The Call, which my father takes. I
am 11 years old. Your little reader,
Alice G. Trowbridge.
San Francisco. April 23, 1896.;
333 California. )
Dear Editor: My mother has been taking The
Call for a long time, and I read the children's
page every Sunday. I am very Interested in
the stories, so I thought 1 would write a short
little piece about springtime. It is my first
attempt to try to compose a piece. I am 11
years old. Mv letter is getting long, so I must
close. Your friend, Kvei.ina Beavpet.
P. S. — If my piece is good I would like to see
it in print.
SPUING TIME.
Spring time Is here a?aiD,
With her flowers so fresh and sweet.
The meadows art- now all Kreen,
The poppies will soon wake from sleep,
And beauty all around is seen.
The violets are now in bloom.
And the daisies, pink »nd white,
The pansy will w»ke soon,
And the sun shines warm and bright.
San Francisco, April 26, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call. It is
a very nice paper, because on Sundays it al
ways has a children's page. This page inter
ests me very much to look at the letters and
puzzles. My father has taken The Call twenty
four years. Hoping this very letter will be in
next Sunday's paper, I remain yours truly,
Katk "Bablatschan.
P. B.— l am 10 years old.
Haywakds, Cal., April 27, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my second letter to The
Call. The bad weather has damaged the fruit
trees, and I think that fruit will be scarce this
summer.
Haywards is a very nice place, and I like it
Oh, would it not be funny for to see this sort of spat,
And have the rabbit arch his back the same as does the catl
[Reproduced from Harper's Round Table.]
very much. I did not see any of those stories
about "Naughty M«x" in the children's page.
I have a little brother who came to us last
summer. Mamma says the doctor brought
htm in a satchel, but I don't see how he could
squeeze him in a satchel. He is eight months
old and can nearly stand up now.
My friend and I put our letters together in
the same envelopes. Your friend,
Alice Johnson, 12 years old.
Bknlcia, Cal., April 26, 1896.*
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to you.
I enjoy trying to get the right answers to the
puzzles. Following are the answers for April
20:
(1) Under the spreading chestnut tree
- The village smithy stands;
■ The smith a mighty man Is he
With large and sinewy hands,
And the muscles of his brawny arms
Are strong as iron bands.
— Longfellow.
(2) May. (5) Mayday and Decoration day.
I am a little girl, 13 years old. I have a
lovely wheel, & donkey and cart, two doss and
a cat. I should think I ought to be happy.
I hope this letter will be published, and also
that my riddles are right. Your friend.
_ Mabel Chestnut.
Angels Camp, April 28, 1896. '
Dear Editor: We do like The Call very much.
We take The Sunday Call. I always read the
children's page, ana as I have never seen any
letters from our town I thought I would write
this evening. My age is 10 years.' I go to
schooL ' My brother delivers The Call every
night. I have little kitty and she has four
little kittens. They are just getting their eyes
open. Hoping to see this in The Sunday Call,
your friend, . Lottie Condo.
The Horrors of War.
Little Mary— Oh, I do hope they won't
have war in Venezuela!
Mamma— Why. my dear?
Little Mary— Because it will make so
much moie history for us to loam.
PUZZLES.
I. When the right word is set in one of
the blanks the letters of that word may
be transposed to fill each of the remaining
blanks and make a periect sentence.
caught a snake, which he put
In an empty box, over which he tied a
of his mother's, with the hope that
the creature wou!d not survive to do
11. Why is even the youngest dog like a
man?
111. What is that which was tomorrow
and will be yesterday ?
IV. Change the head of a word meaning
"unbaked paste" four times and get words
meaning, respectively, "a limb," "coarse,"
"a certain effort" and "able to endure
hardship."
V. («) Transpose the letters of a heav
enly body and you have smail animals.
(6) Transpose letters of a "snare" and
you make the snare full of ecstasy.
(c) Make a sin worse by transposing let
ters.
Correct answers for May 3:
1. David.
2. Stnre-nster-tares- tears.
3. Truant.
4. Old Kincr Cole
Was a merry old sonl,
And a merry old soul
Was he.
He called for his pipe.
He called for his bowl,
And he called
For his tiddlers three.
—Mother Goose Melodies.
The Sword Shallower,
1 Daughter (home from boarding-school)-^
A FUNNY SPAT.
Say, maw, city folks keep their table
knives a heap sharper'n these.
Mother — Law sakes ! 1 sh'd think they'd
be afeard of cuttin' their mouths.
Boston Baby Talk.
Mamma— Don't you want to go for your
walk, baby?
Baby (abstractedly)— Um-m.
Mamma — Why, what does "Um-m"
mean, baby?
Baby (with dignity) — Um-m signifies
yes.
NEW TO-DAY.
ireople
Can reduce their obesity by
taking BROOKS' PHYTOLACCA.
Safe and sure. Pleasant to take.
Makes walking easy. Can only
be had at Ho Powell street.
Letters from the country promptly an-
swered. Send SO cents in stamps and a
i trial bottle will be sent by mail.
2526
THE GREAT DOCKYARDS
OF EUROPE.
THE failure of Congress to pass ap
propriations for the construction
of a Government dockyard on the
Pacific Coast, of greater extent
than that of Mare Island, hat
awakened the curiosity of many people as
to why these institutions should require
so much money and take such a long time
to complete. A modern steamship is un
doubtedly the highest point of man's
mechanical excellence and skill, and of all
steamships, the modern man-of-war is
the most costly and complicated. It is
necessarily complicated since it is built to
fight with, ana to fight successfully aga:n-t
masses of animated mm and steel, and it
must also insure the safety of the men
who are within it. And to make it a pro
tection against the armor piercing projec
tiifs thrown out from guns with immense
velocity and power requires that it should
be covered itself with an armor of material
s.i hani and iirm ami clastic that the steel
of the Toledo or Damascus swords areas
nothing to it.
Then this immense mass must be swift
ly propelled and made to stop quickly and
to turn about very short, to move in every
direction, and it must have within itself
the means of generating all the necessary
power. It must for safety be divided into
many partitions, and yet so arranged that
while the apertures between apartments
can be quickly opened, they niay be as
quickly closed in danger. There must be
perfect communication between all parts
of this wonderful machine, so that like the
arms or feet on the body obeying the will
the various members of the ship answer
instantaneously to the brain of the com
mander. And within itself must be the
means of self-sustenance for a considerable
time, while added to all the foregoing
requisites is the most important of all,
that of being able to fight by every means,
with either guns, torpedoes or its own im
pact.
To manufacture such a wonder requires
many machines and very costly ones,
many buildings for making the various
parts, much land for the storage of
material and much space to build the
monster itself in. A brief description of
the principal dockyards of Europe will
throw some light on this question of ex
pense. It must be remembered that in the
ship-building establishments in America
it is impossible to build a modern battle
ship short of two years, and when there
fore it is asked of Congress that money
shall be given for eight or ten such vessels
it wifl require with our present facilities
four or five years to complete the work.
Of course, at the head of all powers
England stands with her dockyards as
with her navy. Not only has" she tbe
greatest number, but she has the largest,
the best equipped, and can turn out the
greatest number of warships and in the
quickest time. Some of them are situated
abroad in her colonial possessions, but
they are for the purpose of repair, while
the great ones for building are all in Great
Britain. They are at Pembroke, Devon
port and Keyham. Portsmouth, Chatham
and Sheerness. On these dockyards there
has been an immense amount of money
spent — many times over the value of them
as they stand, whioh is estimated at $140,
000,000. In building them much of the
"abor has been done by convicts, so that
)he cost might be put down as low as pos
lible. Here are employed as many men as
1, 6, 15— Offices
2— Armor Plate Shop
3— Smithery
4— West Factory
5— Wood Mills
7— Brass Fou ml ry
B— Northwest Building
9— Northeast Building
10— Saw Pits I
In the entire United States army— 26,ooo—
and these men are paid over $8,000,000 a
year in wages.
The greatest of all the dockyards belong
ing to the Government is that of Ports
mouth. It contains 300 acres, has over
6000 employes, five building slips for ves
sels of the largest size and fifteen dry
docks of varying sizes from the largest to
the smallest. These drydocks and basins
are all connected with wide and deep
canals and basins in which many vessels
may be laid for repairs. The dockyard at
Chatham is the second in the Kingdom,
has about 5400 employes and covers over
100 acres. The map on this page of The
Call gives in detail the Portsmouth yards
with their various buildings, basins and
docks. It was at this yard that the Col
lingwood, the Camperdown, the Colossu?,
the Edinburgh and maoy other of the
nS'liFirr W.R Hamilton
greatest and finest of Britain's ships were
built
This great yard is considered the head
quarters or general rendezvous of the Brit
ish fleet. It was founded by Henry VII,
and was a very important naval station
even in the early Plantagenet times. In
IJIl' the Sheriff of Southampton was
ordered to cause the docks at Portsmouth
to be inclosed with a strong wall, in the
manner in which the archdeacon of Taun
ton would point out, for the preservation
THE DOCKYARD AT PORTSMOUTH, ENGLAND.
\From a plan drawn by a Government Engineer.]
1 1 , 14— Timber-sheds
12— Southwest Building
13— Southeast Building
Hi— Contractor's Yard
17— Deal Yard '.'.'.'.'.'.
18— Kope House
ii>, 20. 2 i, 22-storcs... ■.■.■.;;;;
23— M ast Workshop
24, 25— Boathouscn ♦....."!
of the King's ships and galleys. In 1540
the area of the yard seems to bave been
about eight acres and fronted on the har
bor on a portion of what is now known as
the King's Stairs. Cromwell added two
acres to It and Charles II added eighteen
Between 1667 and 1710 thirty acres were
reclaimed from mud flats and additional
ground bought from the town, so that by
1712 it comprised ninety acres, but about
1840 the growth of a steam navy occa
sioned additional land, and from that time
\ to this there has been a steady growth in
size and capacity.
At present the system of docks and ba
sins begins with a tidal basin, entered
from the harbor by an opening 100 yards
wide and having a depth at low tide of
thirty feet. There is a deep dock and two
locks at the head of this basin with twenty
eight feet of water at low tide. The locks
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
are themselves splendid docks, capable of
receiving the heaviest warships from the
tidal basin. They lead to the repairing ba
sin, which is an artificial pond or lake
with twenty-two acres and thirty-five feet
of water at high tide. This depth of water
can be made permanent by the closing of
the lock gates. From this basin lead out
four other basins or docks with a deptli of
thirty feet of water. There Is a rigging
basin of fourteen acres and a pentagon
shaped fitting-out basin of fourteen acres,
on one side of which is an immense coal
ing station.
There are other basins and docks, and
around all are immense fortifications. In
side are the many storehouses and various
shops and mills, "while a complete network
of railways connects all parts of the yard
with the docks and basins, and the whole
DOCKYARD AT CHERBOURG, FRANCE.
[From a drawing wade by a Government Engineer.]
26— R. N. College
27— Main <iate
28, 29, 30— Officers' Houses
31 — Iron Foundry
32— Marlboro Gate
33— Police
:fl -iilt-vaterTank
35— King's Stairs
with the neighboring railroads to all parts
of the kingdom, so that iron or coal can
be taken from the mills and furnaces clone
to the mines and in the course of a few
hours brought without change to the side
of the ship in which it is to be used.
The Pembroke dockyard is the best
adapted for building operations. It com
prises some seventy-seven acres and has
eleven building-slips, which are covered by
substantial sbiphouses. It has, however,
but one dock and no basins, and but few
sliops and stores, and cannot be used as a
fitting-out station. The dockyards at Key
ham and Uevonport are really one. They
contain in the aggregate 140 acres and are
connected by a tunnel, through which a
railway has been laid, and locomotives be
longing to the yards transfer men and ma
terial from one yard to the other. The
building-siips and most of the drydocks
are in Devonport, while the shops and fit
ting-out basins are in the Keyham yard.
A curiosity to bo seen in Devonport is a
huge floating platform in the drydock and
intended to be submerged and used to
float out vessels while under repair.
All the other dockyards in Great Britain
are secondary to those mentioned, except
ing, of course, several belonging to private
firms.
The principal dockyards belonging to
foreign powers are as follows: Germany-
Kiel, Dantzic, Wilhelmshafen. Russia—
Cronstadt, St. Petersburg, Nicholaieff
and Sebastopol. Austria— Pola and Trieste.
Denmark — Copenhagen. France —Cher
bourg, Brest. L'Orient, Toulon and Roche
fort. Spain— Cadiz, Cartagena. Italy-
Naples, Spezzia and Castellamare.
The yard at Vilhelmshafen is on the
North Sea, while Kiel and Dantzic are on
the Baltic. That of Kiel is the most im
portant, and most of Germany's great
ships have been built there. Over $24,000,
000 has been spent on this yard, with its
basins, locks and docks. The great North
Sea canal, the magnificent harbor of Kiel,
ten miles long and very deep, and the
splendid fortifications surrounding the
yards, make this one of the best located
and best adapted yards in the world.
In Russia the dockyards of St. Peters
burg and Cronstadt are on the Baltic, the
others on the Black Sea. A new yard is
being built which promise* ta eclipse all i
the others. It is in tbe province of Circas
sia and fifty miles from the Black Sea, on
the straits joining that body to the sea of
Azof.
The most important of the French dock
yards is that of L'Orient, in the northern
part of the Bay of Biscay. Its environ
ment resembles that of Portsmouth, N.
H. There is also a large military station
here, and the entire yard is about 120
acres in extent.
Cherbourg is the most imposing of the
French dockyards. It has a number of
basins and drydocks, but it is an artificial
port and has a very exposed situation. A
very extensive breakwater with strong
fortifications protects it from the sea, !
while it is also fortified by land ap- j
proaches. The yard possesses no natural ,
situation or advantages, and owes its
origin to Napoleon 1, under whose direc
tion many of the present works were
begun and prosecuted in the face of enor
mous difficulties. The yard contains 260
aores, has eleven slips, eight drydocks and
three basins, besides numerous shops and
buildings. The basins are excavated from
solid reck, and are faced and coped with
massive granite. The slips have perma
nent shipnouses. The quays, basins and
slips which characterize the French yards
are all of such permanent and massive
character that if duplicated in the United
States would cost us not less than $300,
000,0u0.
It will thus be seen from the foregoing
details the value the powers of Europe
place on their dockyards. Yet in our
country, outside of several private yards,
the entire cost of our dockyards may be
placed at $10,000,000. There is in all the
world no place more fit by natural advan
tages than the harbor and surroundings of
San Francisco for a dockyard. And it
would pay tne Government over and over
again to erect drydocks of the largest size,
with basins and building slips at Mare
Island, which can be absolutely protected
from any outside enemy. The coal of Wel
lington and Puget Sound, and the iron of
California, with the timber, are all so con
venient that without a change it can be
brought right to this yard and converted
into ships of war. A large Government
foundry for supplying both army and navy
with high-power guns should be erected
under the same conditions at Benicia Ar-
I senal, and there is bat little doubt that the
first real war we have will see the accom
plishment of these two projects.
HE IS 139 YEARS OLD.
Lived Fifty Tears in Siberia and Haa
Just Ended a Pilgrimage on i- not.
The St. Petersburg Gazette says Russia
has the oldest roan on earth. ltd Moscow
correspondent tells of him thus:
There appeared this week in the office of
the police surgeon an aged man who
wished to have his injured band bandaged.
The surgeon bound up the wound and
then began talking with tbe patient.
He learned eventually, from document
ary evidence, that the man was born
in 1757, during the reign of Em
press Elizabeth, and therefore is 139
years old. The old man, whose name
is Kusmin, said he was a native of Mos
cow, and from his twentieth to his eighty
sixth year had been a coachman. In l.is
eighty-sixth year, however, he had upset
his roaster, a Count, and tbe Count's
brother, had burt both seriously and had
been sent to Siberia, where he bad lived
until 1893. In that year he decided to re
turn home, and he arrived in Moscow in
1894. He at once started for Kieff on a
pilgrimage, from which he had just come
back. He was much grieved to find that
all the friends of his youth were dead.
"Kusmin's eyesight is undimmed, his
hearing is good and he is a splendid
walker, as his pilgrimages have shown.
Up to his one hundred and thirty-fourth
year he never tasted whisky, but now be
allows himsolf an occasions! drink."
YOUNG
ATHLETE.
LAST week I began a series of arti
cles oa athletics. There I spoke
on athletic honor and prelimi
nary work. The next thing to be
considered is Diet.
It is impossible to overestimate the im
portance of proper eating and drinking.
Most people eat too fast; in fact, it is the
one great characteristic of Americans. It
must be remembered that the food, even
milk, must be thoroughly mixed with the
saliva before it is swallowed, or the gastric
juice in the stomach may not be able to
perform the duty assigned to it.
It must be kept strictly in mind that a
man has not a stomach like a boa-con
strictor; he cannot swallow his food whole
and expect it to take care of itself. My
dentist recently stated that my teeth
showed unmistakable signs of hard usage,
especially the molars, and to that cause I
ascribe my excellent digestion, for I grind
everything fine before I swallow. More
over, I eat slowly, even at the risk of being
the last to finish in company.
In this connection two things should be
borne in mind : First, that the food is de
signed to nourish the body, not to tickle
the appetite; second, care should be taken
that it does not cause trouble after it is
down. Suppose you build \& fire and it
smokes, what does it mean? Simply that
there is imperfect combustion — that the
fuel is smoldering, not blazing and giving
out heat as it should.
Now there is a sense in which the
stomach can smoke — that is , you can take
a great deal of food in the system that will
pass along without nourishing the blood.
This 18 a serious matter, and tne subject
of dieting should be carefully studied by
the ambitious athlete.
Perhaps I cannot take a better time than
tbe present to impress a principle upon
the aspiring athlete and to say person
ally :
You must study yourself closely. Re
member that while physicians and trainers
can do a great deal in pointing out your
weaknesses and help you remedy them,
it is impossible to know how you
feel, and physicians will tell you that feel
ing is everything in diagnosing a case —
that is, to analyze it. Great athletes
know themselves as no doctor or trainer
can possibly Know them. In this respect
the first year is always hardest
on the racer because he has symp
toms, aches and pains that he does not
understand. Perhaps he will imagine he
has heart disease; or dream he is going
into quick consumption. To-day he will
have Britrbt's disease, and to-morrow it
will be white swelling in the Km-e. But
nevermind all these things; pursue the
even tenor of your way and do not be dis
turbed by trifles. I would strongly sug
gest that physiology and hygiene be
studied, until all the muscles and vitals
are understood, their functions and their
weaknesses thoroughly known.
You would like to know how soon after
eating you may exercise. Now that de
pends a great deal upon the person. Some
people can actually race for a mile or so
within an hour after a good meal, but I
could not; it was necessary for me to have
two hours and a half at the least before 1
would be fit for a race. This is a matter
each athlete should decide for himself.
You would like to know how much you
should eat. That depends largely on the
individual, also. Some people suffer
greatly if they eat too much, or even if
they hitvc what is generally known as a
square meal. It is necessary for such peo
ple to be very careful, and stop eating
before they feel that they have had enough.
On the contrary, there are some who
can eat a great deal and not mind it. One
person of my acquaintance can eat in such
a way as to gauge pretty accurately when
he will be hungry again. If he has a mod
erate meal he knows that it will be five
hours before he will be hungry. If he
eats quite heartily it will be six hours be
fore he will feel the necessity of food. But
if he eats until he begins to feel uncom
fortable he can go for seven hours without
being distressed by huuger. This is ac
counted for by perfect assimilation of the
food.
"What shall I eat?" is a question that is
frequently asked by the beginner; but it is
a large question and not easily answered in
the space at my command. Perhaps I can
give a satisfactory substitute in a few
words. Eat that which is wholesome and
use your own good sense in the matter.
Fried and greasy articles should be
avoided.
There was in my acquaintance a young
man who was going to take part in a very
important race. A friend observed him
at dinner and was struck with astonish
ment at his diet so close to the contest.
On questioning the young athlete the
friend discovered that he ate pretty much
what was placed before him at the table.
This upset all the friend's theories on
the subject of dieting in training. It
is a fact, however, that home cook
ing is about as good dieting as one could
wish, if the digestion is in good order and
the aspirant is careful to study the sub
ject. This does not mean that it is ad
missible to eat all sorts of stuff that any
body with common-sense would know is
"EVERY ATHLETE HAS SOME IMAGINARY COMPLAINT."
[Drawn by a "Call" staff artist.]
wrong, such as mince pie, plum pudding,
lobster salad, Welsh rarebit, etc.; but it
does mean that roust beef, mashed pota
toes, stewed tomatoes and fruit is not
going to hurt auybody except those whose
constitutions do not "happen to agree with
any particular article. It sometimes oc
curs that one thing or another will not as
similate with a person's system, although
he may be perfectly healthy in other re
spects.
Another thine: Do not suppose that you
must confine yourself to any particular
kind of provisions, as it is most desirable
to nave a constant change of diet, not only
because we need a great many ingredients
in the system, but also because it takes
the edge off a person's appetite to live on
about the same bill of fare continually.
But care should be exercised in this mat
ter by all, particularly by those running
any distance. Moreover, diet should be
more closely observed within two days of
a race.
One of the great troubles that racers are
atlln ted with is known as "kinks." This
means that after a man has run a half
mile or so he begins to feel a pain in his
side beneath his lower ribs; some call it a
"stitch." If the race is a hard one it
"AN ATHLETE SHOULD NEVER SMOKE."
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.
would not be surprising to see the racer
quit at three-quarters of a mile. Some
times, however, a man struggles along,
either in great pain or at a slower pace.
The difficulty is very easily explained; it
merely demonstrates the presence of an un
necessary amount of liquid in the bowels.
This liquid may be tea, coffee, beer or even
water, according to the habits of the sub
ject. Any one is liable to be affected in
this way ; and as far as water is concerned
for one who does not take violent t-xercise
a considerable quantity acts as a cleanser
to the system, much as the rain water
flushes and cleans out the sewers in a city.
But for one who takes violent exercise
and preparing for a race it is a different
thing; the system does not need the saruo
cleansing because there is more persp ra
tion and far heavier breathing — both of
which have a tendency to throw off the
worn-out properties of the blood. Conse
quently liquids should be avoided as much
as possible. I have found that three cups
full of liquid each day is sufficient to sup
port life comfortably, especially in this
climate.
In regard to the question whether al
coholic liquors of any kind are necessary
or even admissible in an athlete's bill of
fare, I wish to say that it is my decided
opinion that no liquor of any kind should
be indulged in. The use of liquor in train-
Ing had ifs origin among English profes
sionals of years gone by. When not in
preparation for a contest they were
generally self-indulgent and intem
perate, the effect of which was that
when it became necessary for them :o
train down for a race they absolutely could
not get alotm without liquor of some kind,
so ale^ and wines were used, not because
of any merit of their own, but simply he-
cause they tcok the place of stronger
drinks that would prove extremely harm
ful. No, young man ! touch neither beer,
ale, wine, mixed drinks nor liquor of any
kind; they are entirely unnecessary and
positively harmful.
Smoking is another habit that au ath
lete should never indulge in. It is bad for
ihe nerves, bad for trie blood and is injuri
ous to the respiratory organs; or in the
language of the track, "the wind." Smok
ing is a habit usually contracted in youth
when the young idea imagines that it is
manly. When it once gets its hold upon
a man it is seldom abandoned, no matter
how damaging it may be to the health of
the victim.
Plenty of good sound sleep is essential
to the well-being of an athlete. While
there is no necessity of his denying him
self the pleasures of society he should not
allow social claims to keep him out late at
night or prevent his regular exercise on
the cinder path. From seven to eight
hours' sleep is the proper amount for a
healthy man in training."
Geo. D. Baird.
There is one firm in Birmingham put
ting out 1000 flint guns every week for the
African trade.NORTH BEACH
IF any artist of pen or brush is eager to
find character studies of more than
ordinary interest and at the expense
of only a short stroll from the busi-
ness portion of the City, he should
direct his steps to that portion of the
beach about the foot of Sansome street,
keep his eyes wide open and watch the
procession go by.
Everybody down that way'knows old
Bob Spear. Any gamin can tell you where
he lives. "Old Bob" Las the name of
being "well off," bnt you would never
suspect it were you to see his poorly attired
form on the street, and you wouldn't be
lieve it were you to get a glimpse of the
insid9 of his dwelling-place. Nevertheless
when you get close enough to peer over
his back fence and note the fact that he has
hens in great number and a half dozen
pigs; nnd when you gaze up at the most
attractive feature in all the premises— his
dovecotes, with their cooing white-winged
multitude of residents — you begin to think
that Bob can't be so very bad off after all.
Bob was a boatman long ago, but the tus
sle with winds and waves was too much of
a drain on his visor of life and he settled
down as an economical landsman. No
body ever sees him spending any more
than the few pennies that keep his kitchen
supplied with the bare necessaries which
preserve the spirit safely in the clay. He
feeds his hogs and his hens on the de
cayed cabbages and other truck that are
thrown out daily by the vegetable mar
kets, and this makes the daily banquet of
his oirds and beasts. The people around
the base of Telegraph Hill are certain that
"Old Bob" is the possessor of a razor, for
the hair-crop on his face is regularly
mowed down; and they are sure that the
aged Spear would never patronize a bar
ber even at a nickel a chance. Hence they
are free to guess that the razor is an heir
loom in Bob's family.
Street arabs, «o they say, have seen old
Bob digging now and then in lonely spots,o ts,
and so the story has passed around tnat
Spear has treasure buried somewhere or
other, and in many a water-front breast is
inspired the hope that some day, while
pamins are digging for baitworni, they
may turn up one of old Bob's hidden pots
of gold.
The ancient fellow has an ancient male
companion, who holds the fort whenever
Bob is away. They have no visitors, and
never respond to knocks on the front door.
People in the vicinity are used to these
ways and never disturb the gray brethren.
Beach urchins have framed many mystery
tales about these old men. They are both
silent and grave. This silence and gravity
is puzzling. Now if old Bob, for instance,
would get wild once in a while and open
up with a volley of oaths, the boys would
take a supreme delight in keeping him
worried; but old Bob simply says nothing,
though his eyes have a look in them tnat
SHE LIKES TO EAT BONLS.
A Chicago Woman Who Loves to Have
a Dish ot lioni'H for a Meal.
Mrs. Matilda Childs of 2625 Dearborn
street is the possessor of one of the most
remarkable appetites known to the human
family. She crunches bone*, fresh or old,
witn a vigor that would put to shame the
most active stone-crutner in Chicago. Bhe
X, is very modest and retiring, and to see her
partake of her osseous diet is a favor
granted to few.
Mrs. Childs is 30 years of age, a decided
beauty, and her mother was as goud a
Kentucky cook as ever served a #ot of
'•purk and beans," while M rs. Childa her
self is a cook of no mean ability, although
she at present boasts of a hired g:rl who
performs that onerous duty for her.
Early in life Mrs. Child's parents moved
troni the dismal Rwamns of Kentucky to
the more congenial prairies of lowa, where
tney found a good school as well a3 a suit
able climate. The young girl attended
a seminary lor young ladies, from
which she graduated with high
honors, being valedictorian of her
class. Mra. Childs came to Chicago about
eight years ago to visit friends who were
living on Butt(»r(ield street, and while
stopping there she was at 3 o'clock one
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1596.
carries a sort of warning along with it.
The mystery is like a wall of protection.
The boys perpetrate many pieces of devil
ment on the beach; they steal chickens
sometimes and torture stray animals, but
Bob's pigs are never assaulted, his hens
are never molested, and the missile of the
slungsbot is never hurled at the congrega
tions of his dovecotes. Old Bob is held in
veneration. His silence and his piercing
eye are the most effective police force on
the water front.
"Horseshoe Kate" is famous in the dis
trict toward the foot of Sansome street.
It is a very common declaration that
woman is physically too weak to compete
with her brother, man, in tne heavier em
ployments. This claim is refuted by the
instance of "Horseshoe Kate." She may
be called an exception by some; but what
has been done can be done. Women have
ousted their male brethren from many of
the lighter walks of life. Who shall say
bat that, in a generation to come, the
e-oti^t, man, will be met by femaie comp
; day introduced to Charles A. Cnilds a
railroad porter, and at 5 o'clock she be
came his smiling bride; thus in three
i short hours she was met, wooed and won
! and is to-day, she says, "the same sweet'
smiling bride of eight years ago."
"My husband and I were always lovers,"
ehe declared, "and I think in" that way
we solve the problem, 'Is marriage a
failure?' "
The "bone-eater," as she is now called
by the few who are fa in i in r with her
: queer taste, has' from childhood evinced a
< decided preference for that part of the
! food generally thrown away. Her dog —
' for ahe has oue — certainly has the
etitors all along the line— even down to
the street-swiping contract-. Wasn't it
the Rev. Anna Shaw who a short while
ago told of her ambition to be a police
man? It is just possible that in the ap
proaching century the disorderly man wiil
be made to toe the line of the ordinance
by the star-adorned woman as solidly built
as "Horseshoe Kate."
Women may run the meat snd fish mar
kets, and drive the plow, instead of merely
monopolizing the telephone business, tho
typewriters, millinery, clerkship and fruit
canning. Wnat a powerful woman is
"Horseshoe Kate!" The average man is
not so stout as she. The greater part of
her time is spent out in the open air, and
she is the very picture of sturdy health.
She wears an abbreviated frock, a leathern
apron and long boots. Binom»rs would
probably serve her admirably, but bloom
ers are at this per;od tabooed by water
front society, and, therefore, would be in
bad form.
"Horseshoe Kate" makes money. She
buys, cleans and smokes fish, which are
daily offered her by the fishermen who
spend most of their time in luring the
finny inhabitants of the bay to destruc
best of the meui when meat is the
| diet, for Mrs. Childs very dexterously
I slice- the meat from around the bone and
. feeding the meat to the dog retains for
! Herself the bone, which she devours with a
i relish. The bone-eating habit has grown
! as she grew, until now it is the "skeleton
; in the closet," and one of which she is
I very much ashamed, although her meal is
considered incomplete without her favor
ite delicacy.
"My mother often whipped me, but to
no '-ffect," explained she, ''for eating 'old
bones,' as she termed them, for I would
Bteal away and gnaw them in spite of her.
Bones seem to have a savory sweetness
■ lor me which no other food contains and
tion. Kate wields an immense meat-ax
with an ease and grace that would make
Corbett green with envy. Doubtless she
could strike a blow that would fo.l an ox,
or put an ordinary man to sleep in short
order.
Kate cleans horses in a livery stable and
manages unruly steeds by the bits, look
ing upon the animals with a sort of proud
contempt that shows her confidence in her
perfect /uastery.
"Hiirs--shoe Kate" is respected on the
without whicn I think I should literally
Bti\rve.
"These bones," she remarked, as she
drew forth a plate of huge beef bones,
"shall never rise again." And the way
she went at them proved to the reporter's
entire satisfaction that her quotation was
pat.
Mrs. Ctiilds' jaws are firm as iron, and
in them are securely set thirty-two pearly
white teeth, :is sound aft a dollar; though !
very short, they taper off in a wedge-like
manner with razor edges, which cut
through ossified matter as easily as carv
ing-knives can divide the most tender sir
loin. Mrs. Childs is a member of several
secret societies and a treat favorite among
bench. Nobody talks elightingiy to her. |
They know better. She is afraid of noth- i
ing, and night or day she goes about her j
business with a kingly air of indepen- j
dence. It would hardly do to bring a
queen into the comparison.
Kate is 40 years of age. Married?
Never! She can't get a man who would
support her in luxury, and she won't take
a man that she will have to toil to feed.
Kate is one of the "new women," in a few
particulars, anyhow.
the prominent people of her race.—Chicago ;
News. ;
•• ——■»
An Elephant ■ Rescues a Child.
Beasie Rooney, the 10-year-old sister of j
Michael Rooney, the bareback-rider was j
about to be hugged to death by a bear yes- i
terday j morning at Tattersall's, when
Babylon, one of Rinding Brothers- 1 big
elephants, knocked the brute down ana |
saved the child's life.
. The ; bear, known as "Growler," has a
vicious temper. He was chained near the
elephants. The little girl is a friend of
the ■ elephants,; and was romping with
Borne of them when Growler seized her '
That old woman yonder, with a load of
driftwood on her shoulders, is a sorry
sight to see. Wait a while and you may
witness several more like her, all strug
gling under the same kind of a burden.
These women, perhaps, dwell in miserable
hovels, with scarcely enough food to eat,
eking out an existence wherein there can
be little sunshine of soul. "Horseshoe
Kate," it is said, often cheerily lends a
helping hand to these victims of poverty
and misfortune — often drops them a dime
or so. Such wrinkled old faces and bony
old hands as those poor women have!
And if he could read the stories hidden in
those breasts, perhaps the realist mieht
pause to think how little he knows of the
trials of life, which he pretends to portray
as it is. Some of these old women are
truly religious, it is said. It is easy
enough for the rich to be religious; but
where an abiding faith arises from homes
wherein the gaunt wolf of starvation sit*
ever beside the hearthstone, there cer
tainly is virtue, one would think, worthy
of better things than beggars clothing or
crumbs from the tables of the well-fed.
The tou^'h girl will not permit herself
to be missed. There she is! Her dress
is toucrh. Her hat 13 tough. Here face is
tougher still. The dialect she speaks is a
cross between slang and profanity. She
walks with an unwomanly swagger, and
one can hardly regard her as a woman at
all. Her nose* tells a story of dissipation,
and the rest of her face furnishes corrobo
rative evidence. She is devoid of self
respect; aud there is no deep of life so low
that she will not recklessly and shame
lessly descend to it. It is too bad that the
Salvation Army cannot arrest the tough
girl and keep her in a guardhouse on
healthful rations until she undergoes a
chance of spirit.
Those boys running alo^g the streets
withvbarrels on iheir back are a type of the
enterprising street arab. The gates of
that rock-quarry have been left open while
the men have gone to lunch. The boys
have made a raid on the empty cement
barrels inside the gates, ard are now in
full career up Telegraph Hill. The barrels
will be broken up for firewood, and the
youngsters will thus save themselves, for
the time, from the necessity of dragging
up spiles from the beach.
The procession has only just begun to
move; but we shall not dally for other
Bights. The breeze from the bay is chilling
and there are days to come.
and closed his paws around her slender
form.
Babylon, who had been an interested
spectator, brought his trunk down with
crushing force on Growler's head. The
bear was stunned by the blow and released
the child, who had fainted. The elephant
then picked her up and placed her where
the bear could not reach her. Attendants,
wno heard Bessie's screams, ran to her
assistance, but arrived too late to rob
Babylon of the honor of saving a human
life.— Chicago Daily Tribune.
In Gloiicester over 20.000 persons have
been vaccinated or revaccinated during the
present outbreak.
27
-128
\ 3^ ** -^^/
\ _W^ /
S*\ VAN ALSTyry. \
{.s%ss /
\Mi /
S-t^fjKUV WOO OL^^S
k Xjl
*\'. t^/
x"H t^i ]
V r— /
I * 111
\ C _ /
\ (b S wA "«- N
\ /t A >^\\ I
f \T' zm At^f^^^^^^\Ts3 f^ETt CZH7^^^ :t^^SßP>^^-lr^ f^V^^ s: '^^'^lP V ' T^^^i
tlzii'Zmu
2-3 .*" a" 3 2 q-o"
llplliill
illifflllii
S.Soogl-.SJ-sS
£>-O XkS^'S O „ S
St»S.S' 2 2;5-E|s
«— .£ •.- —Cm S °
— -»*"'_s>» o*»."-o **
>< * «,d ■ ■■ o • & .
<. •=-2' 3 .*22 go
C ||:fi:|l^
:■■■ .V'^A»- . ■ |
•.'•- ■ ' . ■ ■ • " ■ aHßl^^^^b^ . . : I *^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
"Whom the Stork Brings."
K_^ —^_^O ONE who hae reared a family and knows the "sweet delimits of
L < \^Wfes^' J 3^T tpntler » loving re" can have any adequate appreciation of what
l^JflKuHgHv is misled by those who do not enjoy the blessings of parentage.
J^^ft^lK|Uv The burden of childbearinjr, totretber with all the care* and trials
pvfij^jrJßjljjj of bringing up a family of children, are not to be compared with
T#£i|y^<r^t^ H the burden of the wife who has no such cares. The mothers who
U«itpMH>B*bHj| complain of the cares of motherhood— of a noisy house, torn clothes
and soiled carpets— often do not stop to balance the blessings against the cares. What
is a fxnger print on the waU if we only remember also the tiny hand that made it?
What Ma muddy little boot but a thing erf beauty to the mother wbo has so often
kisMd the little foot that wore it? Ah, yes, there are cares and trials and hard work,
and days and nights of anxiety and watchfulness, but— "if no little boots were there,'
what then? Clean watts, bright carpets, quiet rooms, undisturbed sleep — no, no!
These are no price for baby's dimpled hands and laughing eyes and rosy lips. Let
him lord it over us; let him record his reach daily with a mark around the wall; let
him measure his stride upon the carpet and stamp his little foot with mock tyranny
and make us all tremble with a frown, for is he not the king inside these wads, and
shall not a king be clothed with majesty and power? What a world -it were if there
were no babies in it — if we were all adults ! We should die of the weariness of living.
But there are homes, thousands of them, where the sweet sunshine of childhood
never breaks in- where no little wardrobe was ever prepared for the guest "whom the
stork brings" — and there are others where all the preparations of welcome had been
made, but a raven came with tbe stork and the little stranger passed on to another
world.
For tnose who have thus far missed the sweetest, grandest, most ennobling thing
in life our baby book is especially prepared. Of course there are cases of sterility
wbicb are hopeless, but not many. Most of them are only functional and will yield to
the Viavi treatment. And not only those who have failed to bear children should
read this article, but those who have found cnildbearing a heavy burden and those
who have failed to bear strong and healthy children.
VIAVI.
A Uterine ; inspection invited, i A Pure Vegetable
: VISITORS
Remedy. ;. ALWAYS WELCOME : I Compound.
THE VIAVI COMPANY.
MOMB OFFICE AND LABORATORY :
2304, 2306 AND 2308 VAN NESS AVENUE, NEAR VALLEJO ST.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
STRONG, HEALTHY WOMEN.
Tbe want of the world is strong, healthy mothers. Give us these and we will
answer for the race. Nine women out of ten are lacking in health and strength, if not
positively ill. The sickly men are those who never were strong— who were born
weak; but the sickly women get sickly because something goes wrong. It is the
ills peculiar to the sex that we are going to talk about, not in phrases which you do not
understand, but in plain, common language. It is no relief of your troubles to bear
them described in smooth Latin terms. What you want is some cure for them, and
not pleasing names for very unpleasant things.
HEALTH ESSENTIAL TO HAPPINESS.
There is no degree of beauty, intelligence or amiability which can compensate for
a diseased body in a woman. Indeed, there is no beauty, intelligence or amiability
which bad health will not undermine. Neither wealth, position nor opportunity can
compensate for the absence of health. Tbe conscientious woman has other reasons
than selfish ones for feeling bad health to be the greatest of misfortunes. She knows
she cannot be ill without casting a shadow over the home that she would, if she could,
keep always bright. If she has children she will not only find herself unable to give
them the mental and moral training they need, but she may not be able to hold even
their admiration and love, and the chances are ten to one that she has given them a
hideous heritage of disease. She may well be haunted with the fear that the day will
come when they will think of her unkindly for bringing into this world children who
cannot escape from a life of suffering because of her enfeebled constitution and their
inheritance of her weakness. She may well fear also that the time will come when
her husband will weary of coming home to the dim room where the invalid wife is
always ailing, and will go elsewhere that he may find the high spirits, the physical
vigor and the entertaining vivacity which he is never able to get in his own home. In
short, however guiltless a woman may be, she cannot but feel that she, as a chronic
invalid, is daily damaging the lives of those she loves best, and that each day which
prolongs her painful and wasted life is a misfortune rather than a blessing. Yet the
time really never comes when a woman with anything to iive for is ready to relinquish
life, do matter how acute her physical sufferings or how terrible her mental torment.
It is purery a vegetable compound — more a food than a medicine — and ia prepared
in a predige3ted manner, so that it can be easily absorbed by tbe tissues of the body
with which it comes in contact. The capsule is applied directly to the nterus throagh
the vagina and is absorbed, giving health, strength and vitality to these parts. The
Cerate is applied to tbe skin over the diseased organs, and here, through* the absorbent
power of tbe bkin, the patient is able to introduce Viavi into the system directly and
in such quantities as may be desired.
H you are perfectly well you will have no occasion to use our remedy; and yet we
will ask you to read onr pamphlet through, and if you believe we are speaking the
troth you will be in position to recommend our remedy to some one who may be in
need of it, and thus be the means of bringing to another the blessing which yon
happily enjoy.
Pamphlets can be had by asking for them.
Ladies are cordially invited to attend a lecture at Viavi Hall, 2304 Van Ness
•venue. May 13, at 2:30 P. M.
WHAT IS VIAVI?
■ - *
wmmw
>5^V — - *^^
- ■ :
warn
• Y^fe^'^y
/ f \
-^^-l- • /
\ CjPw. /
\ *i\/y
»^ — — - /
IS/
lilies!
r> ■ _ « - a
• Sr or o c. Z P
v» O — go O »
5:2 b« • £.2. 2 «
nNOVELTIES IN THE REALMS
OF
SCIENCE, LITERATURE
AND
ART.
ALFRED AND J. W. CARLSON
of Hilgard, Or., are the invent
ors of a new propeller some
what similar to the one lately
patented by a man named Gra
ham in New York. The similarity, how
ever, is only in the shape of the screw.
In the Graham boat the screw itself is
really a revolving hull, and in the Orego
nian invention the screw is made to work
■under a cigar-shaped hull that is capable
of carrying freight and passengers.
The Carlson brothers' vessel seems to be
built on scientific principles. They have
New Screw Propeller, Invented by Alfred and J. >V. Carlson, of Uilgard, Or.
[From a drawing mad? for "The Call" by Henry Hinsen.]
made use of the principle of the convey
ors that are used in flour mills all over the
world. In the case of flour mills the re
volving screw and tube being stationary,
it follows that the wheat is conveyed
through the tube. In the Carlson broth
ers' invention they have simply reversed
things. The water is statiftnaVy and it
fol ows as a matter of course, "that the
lube and ecrew must travel through it,
provided sufficient motive power is an
1 plied In the proper place.
A study of the accompanying drawing
shows that the invention consists of a
cylindrical tube on the inside of which a
screw propeller is made to revolve. The
tube is of course open at both ends.
Between the cylinder and the keel proper
is a large air space. The ballast is placed
at the bottom of the keel and the
machinery to drive the propeller is placed
in the space between the cylinder and tne
outside eides of the keel, the latter bein^
slightly tapered at both ends. The propel
ling screw is of uniform size from one end
to the other, and only make 3 one and a
half spiral coils around its axis, which will
increase the speed. Another fact not to be
overlooked is that it does away with all
suction from behind, which always reduces
the speed of any propeller. Also the
screw being inclosed in the cylinder
always works on in solid water and it will
make the vessel move quietly and steadily.
Almost any speed should be obtained
without large expense. Should the vessel
strike a sandbar it will be plainly seen that
the propeller would not come in contact
with it.
Incandescent Gasoline Lamp.
Siegfried Marcus of Vienna, Austria, is
the inventor of a lamp intended to burn
some of the hydro-carbons such as benzine
or gasoline. The method of making these
fluids illuminating is the same as is used
in the well-known Wellsbach burner, viz.:
a mantle of a thin wire of iridium so
placed that it becomes heated to incandes
cence by the flame of the burning gas.
In the lamp invented by Mr. Marcus
this result is obtained by a burner that
consists of three tubes. The outer one
Incandescent Hydrocarbon Lamp.
forms a support for the lamp-chimney and
the inner is a mixer for the gas. The
upp>er end of this is perforated. The gas
from the larao rises through two tubes on
both sides of the burner and passes into a
vaporizing chamber very much on the
principle of the ordinary trasoline stove.
Here it is heated by the heat generated by
the lamp and ascends through the perfora
tions in the tube, where it is lighted and
becomes a flame that heats the wire man
tle to a white beat that gives off a bril
liant light.
Taking the Air Without Going Oat.
Elderly people and others who may be
temporarily house-bound and prevented
from enjoying a regular daily stroll out
doors, cays the Health Magazine, can de
vise a fair substitute as follows: Bundle
up as if for the usual constitutional, select
a large sunny room, preierably at the top
of the house, open wide the windows, shut
off the heat and move around briskiy, go
ing to the window and inhalinc the'fresh
air deeply through the nostrils. We have
often called attention to the fact that
house air, with its many impurities, over
heated condition and general lifelessness,
is one of the principal predisposing causes
to colds and catarrhal affections. Where
a patient or invalid js confined to bed, if
the ehoulders are kept well covered and
the head lightly protected, the windows
may be opened and the room flushed with
fresh air without any special risk, provided
the current does not strike them too di
rectly. The danger from want of proper
j ventilation is decidedly greater. Deep in
j halations of air at the open window, taken
i gently through the nose, import an en
livening and tonic influence to th^ whole
I nervous system, which can soon be demon
| strated by personal experiment.
New Form of Bicycle.
James Flamant of this City is the in
ventor and patentee of a novel form of
bicycle. The principal point of the inven
tion is in the frame, and it is intended to
make such parts of it as bear the load the
strongest, and at the same time not use
any metal where it is not needed.
It will be seen in the accompanying cut
that the upper bar is entirely done away
with by joining the upper ends of the
front and rear wheel-posts at a common
center and connecting them with a heavy
NEW STYLE OF BICYCLE.
rod. The positions of tne handle-bars and
seat are certainly novel, and sure to save
considerable weight. By reason of the
rider's weight coming on one center it is
claimed that vibration is almost entirely
done away with.
X-Kay Pictures Without a Photographic
Plate.
Right describes in L'Electricien, says
the Electrical Review, London, an appa
ratus by which he obtains the Roentgen
I pictures without the use of the photo
graphic plate, by a method similar to that
employed by Lich ten berg and Kundt.
Under the Crookes tube is fixed a sheet of
black cardboard, backed by a sheet of alu
minnm, which is connected to earth.
Below this is fixed a sheet of ebonito,
backed with tinfoil, which latter is connect
ed through an air-condenser to the cathode
of the tube. The anode of the tube is also
put to earth. If a hand is now laid on the
cardboard, and subjected for a sufficient
time to the action of the tube, it will be
found that an electrical picture of the
hand a la Roenteen has been imprinted on
the sheet of ebonite. This can be made
visible by the well-known mixture of sul
phur and red lead, or bj' another mixture
of talc and dioxid and magnesium, which
gives the effect more closely resembling a
photograph. The bones, etc., are shown
in these electroirraphs just the same as in
tho Roentgen photographs.
Model of an Atlantic Liner.
Dr. Frank Brandow of Pittsfield, Mass.,
was in New York the other day with a
beautiful shining toy which he proudly
exhibited to friends, says the Herald. The
doctor is well known in the Berkshire
Hill region as the possessor of a complete
laboratory and a most ingenious skill in
mechanics, which he follows as a pastime
during his leisure hours.
"One year ago," said he, "when I made
a visit to England, I met J. C. Bwazey,
superintendent of the British Model
"Works at London, where he showed me
The Paris in Metal.
their large collection of wooden models
for all sorts of. marine craft. When we
reached the Atlantic liners I remarked
how much handsomer the models would
be in metal.
" 'Yes.' said Mr. Swazey. 'but it can't bo
done. You couldn't get the proper curves
on the keel. If you tried to make it in
pieces and then weia them in piaceyou
would have nothing but a botchwork re
sult. It can't be done."'
Then followed a controversy on what
could and could not be done with metals
between the American amateur and the
British expert. It ended in a wager of
$1000 between them, Dr. Brandow under
taking to construct an al;-metai perfect
model of the Pans, with parts brazed to
gether, nothing being cast, and to accom
plish this feat by simply following a photo- 1
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
rfiraph of the vessel, with which he was
familiar, no measurements being taken.
"Now, heie is the Paris/ said the doc
tor, "and I'm going over soon to collect
the debt. I knew it could be done, and it
will give me pleasure to twist Cousin Bull's
tail. I've been a whole year on the job."
The model is an excellent burnished
piece of workmanship. Except the figure
head on tlie prow and the emerald and
ruby jewels used for the steamer's lights,
every detail from hull to rigging is made
by hand. There are 3000 pieces in all, so
riveted with bolts that the entire mechan
ism can be taken apart. The hull is of
burnished copper, in many pieces, but
brazed into perfect curves. The cordage
of copper wire falls to the ship's sides from
silver masts. The captain stands on a
bridge of brass, of which the deck and
nearly all its furnishings are composed.
AH the minutiae of a complicated ocean
liner, machinery, of course, excepted, are
carried out with elaborate detail. The
pilot ladder is gold and the passenger lad
der astern is aluminum. Her silken flags
are set for entering an English port, a
dainty Union Jack at the peak.
Genesis of the Steam-Carriage.
"The genesis of the steam-carriage is fa
miliar," says B. F. Spalding in Cassier'a
Magazine. 'It may be said that we owe
its first materialization toCuguot, who was
born in France in 1729, and died in 1804.
When he was 40 years old he constructed
a steam-carriaee, .using steam at high
pressure, which carried persons at the rate
of two or three miles an hour, in an exhi
bition which he made of it before Marshal
Haxe; but the boiler was so limited in ca
pacity that after every twelve or fifteen
minutes he was obliged to stop to recruit
its exhausted energies. Improving upon
this he built another, but unfortunately
while whirling through the streets at the
reckless speed of three miles an hour it
upset, and being looked upon with disfa
vor by the populace it was condemned,
not from any inherent defect, but through
prejudice. Fortunately it was preserved,
as it deserved to be, and may now be seen
at the Conservatoire dcs Arts ci Metiers at
liNoWi
Paris — an evidence of many things which
cannot be gainsaid."
Basket-Carrier for Bicycles.
An attachment for any ordinary bicycle
so that it can very easily carry a heavy
load of parcels has been invented by Lem
uel S. Manning of Oakland The contriv
ance really converts the machine into a
tricycle for the time being. It can betaken
off und replaced in a few moments.
There really Is not much to the inven
tion. The principal portion is an ordinary
Basket Carrier for Bicycles.
bicycle wheel that is secured to a U-shaped
frame. To the upper corners of this amis
are secured that can be made fast to the
bicycle frame by turning a few screws. In
the square space between the four bars it
is intended to hang the basket or package.
An Ice Bicycle.
Augustus J. Brace and Edwin Brown of
New York have come to the relief of
bicyclists of that section of the world by
inventing a machine that can be used in
the winter. The invention is really an
attachment for an ordinary bicycle so that
it will run over the surface of a frozen
lake.
To the front fork of the machine there is
fastened a steel shoe that takes the place
of the wheel that nas to be removed.
This is bent in the form of a graceful
curve and is very springy. The pneu
matic tire of the rear wheel is removed
and in its stead a steel band with calks is
put on. On either siae of the rear wheel
there is a runner, the front end of which
is secured to the frame ami the rear por
tion to the rear axle. The rider keeps his
balance by the movement of the handle
bars the same as if riding over an oidinary
road in the summer.
The New English Dictionary.
The completion of the new English dic
tionary on the elaborate scale hitherto
followed is by no means a certainty, says
the London Chronicle. For several years
the work has been carried on at hifh pres
sure, especially in the department under
Dr. Murray's personal control ; yet, despite
this fact, the end of D has not been
reached, and though E has been completed
by Henry Bradley, F is not yet finished.
That is to say, since 1884 only four letters
of the alphabet and portions of two others
have been settled with. At this rate of
progress it is hard to see how we can ex
pect the last number of the dictionary
under a quarter of a century hence.
Meanwhile, the great expense to the
Oxford University Press continues, and it
is quite within the bounds of possibility
that a stoppage may take place. Much as
this would be regretted, it is doubtful
whether guch a course would not be prefer
able to the continuance of the work on
hast}' and incomplete lines. That some
scheme of curtailment has been mooted is
evident from the recent action of the
Clarendon Press delegates who have
offered a few suggestions to the
workers. Their recommendations point
to tlie need of more concise treat
ment in all the deparimenis; as, for in
stance, the elimination of much of the
etymological matter usually inserted, in
some cases as much as one-half th« quan
tity being regarded as unnecessary. The
definitions, too, they would have in much
less profusion; ana when we notice the
immense amount of subdivision in the
treatment of the commoner words of the
language (the word pnd alone has thirteen
main and seven subordinate senses) there
does appear a possibility of pulling in.
The greatest part of the space in the dic
tionary is taken up by the quotations;
these the delegates would lessen consider
ably, suggesting that the word modern
should be used in place of many citations
of later date; recent illegitimate exten
sions of meaning they would omit alto
gether.
A few other suggestions for special kinds
of words have also been made, and it re
mains to be seen whether the editors will
be ahle to fall in therewith. That this will
be found extremely difficult will be felt by
any one who has had experience of dic
tionary-making or any other form of com
pilation in which close attention to detail
is necessary. In the case of the new Eng
lish dictionary the difficulty is height
ened almost to impossibility, by very rea
son of the fifteen years' worK already per
formed in one method.
An Adjustable Keel,
Leonard O. Smith of Philadelphia, Pa.,
is the inventor of a keel for sailing vessels
that can be adjusted to the tack on which
the craft is sailing. This is accomplished
by the use of a pla:e hinged to the hull at
a point below the center of gravity. To
use this plate the navigator has only to
move a lever that passes through the hull
Yacht With Movable Keel.
of the vessel and into the cockpit. This |
lever is arranged to act on the keel and j
move the lower edge of it to the right or
left, so that it can be made to work on the
water at such an angle as will offer the
greatest resistance. If the wind is blow
ing hard on the starboard quarter the bot
tom edge of the keel can be moved to port
as far as is necessary to prevent the vessel
from "heeling over " and making leeway.
How Fly-Wheel« Break.
The causes of fly-wheel accidents were
explained by Professor C. ri. Benjamin of
the Case School of Applied Science, Cleve
land, in a recent lecture in that city. We
quote a few paragraphs from an abstract in
the Scientific Machinist (March 15). Says
the Professor:
Fly-wteel accidents may be attributed to
several causes, viz. : (1) poor castings or
internal strains, (2) faulty construction
and design, (3) sudden shocks or stops, (4) |
miscellaneous external causes such as the j
breaking of belts or shaft, (5) excessive j
speed. The strain of throwing v heavy j
load on and off suddenly will eventually
break any ordinary fly-wheal. It
used to be a rule that the
speed of a rim of a fly-wheel
should not exceed 3000 feet per minute,
but this had gradually increased until
double that speed was common. There
are thousands of belts running that fast
and many faster. Excessive speed, how
ever, is the cause of the majority of acci
dents.
The tendency of fly-wheel arms to break
at the hub has been known only about
three years. The centrifugal tension on
the rim of a fly-wheel is equal on every
square inch. There is some expansion in
the metal of the rims and arms, but it fol
lows that the parts most firmly bound to
the hub wilt spring or bend outward under
this strain the least. Midway between the
arms the rim will bend outward the great
est, and if one will make a wheel with a
rubber rim this will be very plainly no
ticed under high speed. For this reason
joints should be placed at the spokes. It
is a mistake to place them between the
spokes.
dstiron is a treacherous material to use
in flywheels. The use of wood in flywheel
construction is a recent tendency in the
East. While wood is, iv certain ways,
stronger than castiron (i. c., in proportion
to its weight) a \tooden wheel is probably
no better than an iron wheel, for the rea
son that the glued joints are liable to give
way. Their strength can only be a mat
ter of conjecture. If one is to be killed oy
a wrecked flywheel it makes little differ
ence whether wood or iron is the instru
ment.
Thn Emperor as an Inventor.
The latest capacity in which the Ger
man F.mperor has chosen to reveal him
self is that of an inventor of a new system
of fastenings for water-tight doors in men
of-war, says the New York Times. He
turned up in the harbor of Syracuse the
other day, in the Hol.enzollern, and the
oflkers of the. British cruiser Astrsea,
which happened to be lying there, were
not a little astonished soon afterward to
see him approaching their vessel in a
steam launch, attired in the panoply of a
British aamiral. He inspected the Astraa
minutely and then carried off the captain
to the HoUenzollern. After entertaining
him royally, he took him down into the
engine-room and there pointed out a
water-tight door in one of the bulkheads,
which, he said, he had invented himself
and expected to see imitated generally.
The door was of the kind known techni
cally as a '"clipped door" — that is, it is se
cured when shut by means of short lever
catches which are called "clips." In the
English service as many as a dozen of
these clips are often used to secure one
door.
The improvement claimed by the Em
peror is that instead of having to work the
clips singly, thus involving several opera
tions, he can, by an arrangement of levers,
work them all simultaneously in one
operation only. Provided the mechanism
is not too compiicated and likely to pet
out of order the invention seems to be one
of considerable practical value, the mani
fest objection being that if the lever hap
pened to be out of order at a critical mo
ment all the clips and the door would be
useless.
An Klectrlcal Aerial Torpedo.
An instrument of warfare, termed an
"aerial torpedo," has Deen designed to be
used in the siege of cities or to scatter
large bodies of troops while at rest. The
torpedo c insists of a small-sized gas-filled
balloon cauable of sustaining for any
length of time from thirty to forty pounds
at an elevation of from 500 to 1000 feet
above the earth. Inside of the lower or
small end of the balloon is placed a metal
cylinder which ontaius an electrical de
vice, the purpose of which is to ignite the
gas in the balloon at any stated period
Under the balloon is suspended a car or
basket containing high explosives similar
to dynamite, which will explode with ter
rific force when striking a hard substance
Jike the earth or walled embankments
To use the aerial torpedo effectively, which
requires only a corporal's guari, all that
is iiecessary is to approach as near as pos
sible the Locality where ihe torpedo is de
sired to take effect and to ascertain the di
rection of the loser air current ana the ve
locity of the same per hour. The length
of time it would take for the sir current to
carry the torpedo over the objective point
can thus be ascertained and the electric
time-exploding apparatus set to the proper
hour or minute. As soon as the time has
expired an electric spark ignites the gas in
the balloon, causing it to explode and the
torpedo will drop to the earth. Tde ex
plosive striking tne earth will cause seri
ous damage in that locality. The torpedo
can be used by day or night by a few men
of ordinary intelligence and no defense can
be made against it.— Electrical World.
Electric Light a Sanitary Factor.
The subject of electric lighting of hos
pitals is receiving considerable attention
abroad. The superior healthiness, cleanli
ness ana convenience of the electric light,
as compared to other form* of lighting,
together with the fact that it does not cost
more than an equal illumination by gas,
render it an ideal illuminant for hos
pitals. A hospital requires a light that
can be localized by means of more or less
portable lamps, and with this in the elec
tric light we have combined safety and
freedom from vitiation of the atmosphere.
One disadvantage was, until recently, that
it was impossible to vary the intensity of
the light of an incandescent lamp, but this
has been overcome by several devices now
on the market, so that one is enabled to
obtain any desired degree of illumination
from a mere glow to the full light of the
lamp by simply turning a Key. In this
connection some interesting statistics are
reported by a large firm at Norwich, Eng
land, which taree years ago adopted elec
tric lighting in its factories. In connec
tion with the firm there is a benefit fund,
anil during the last few years preceding
the adoption of electricity benefits were
received t»y employes on account of sickness
amounting to 11 per cent of the people
employed, but since the introduction of
the electric light the number receiving
benefits were only 4 per cent of this num
ber.
Diphtheria Anti-Toxlnei.
Dr. Cartwright Wood gave recently, be
fore the Royal Society, some interesting
particulars on his method for rapidly pro
ducing diphtheria anti-toxines, by which
he claims that an animal can be rendered
immune toward large quantities of diph
theria poison, and also that such animals
can be made to produce powerful diph
theria anti-toxines. The distinctive fea
ture of the method consists in the use of
the products produced by the growth of
the diphtheria bacillus in albuminous
fluids made by the addition ol serum to
ordinary peptone broth. The fluid is al
lowed to grow for three or four weeks at a
temperature of 37 degrees C. and after
filtration heated for an hour at 65 degrees
C. The experiments have been carried
out on horses and the immunity produced
is most striking. It is claimed for this
method that powerful diphtheria anti
toxines can be easily produced in a shorter
space of time than has hitherto been pos
sible, and that as a consequence thn
amount of serum necessary to be injected
is greatly reduced. Its greater strength
will permit of the patient receiving at the
beginning: of treatment a sufficient quan
tity of the serum at one injection, by
which experience has shown that curative
action is exerted in the most marked
manner.— London Chronicle.
Various Note*.
A striking illustration of the influence
of fatigue upon the nervous system is
afforded by an experiment conducted by
an Italian physician some months ago.
Twenty-four bicycle riders who had ridden
thirty-two miles in two hours and a quar
ter were examined with reference to their
hearing, and it was in nearly every in
stance found to be defective. After two
I hours' rest the hearing had become normal
j in most of them.
It is not essential that fruits should be
flavored to our taste in order to induce
birds or animals to swallow them. The
j macaranga capsules, covered with a viscid
. gum- most unpleasant to the mouth, the
hot capsicums, the drupes of tiie palm
Kentia Macarthurl, the berries of tne wild
1 grapes, which have a most irritating enVct
I on the mouth, and the poisonous fruits of
! sanium are highly popular with birds.
The best preservative for milk is said by
a German journal quoted in the National
I Druggist to be borax and borncic acid in
; the proportion of one part of the first to
■ two parts of the latter. The Drupgist goes
on to say: "The wiiter hereof can attest
to the virtues and harmlesbness of boracic
, acid in this direction, having used it
through one entire summer — some four or
; five months— in the South. One heaping
! teaspoonful wan used for every gallon of
I milk, and with this amount the milk was
| kept frequently for seventy-two hours un
j altered. It gives no taste as far as can be
I discovered (by an ordinary palate, at any
rate), to the milk, and theentire party of
j seven men who used it daily never enjoyed
: better health than they did on that expe
• dition, running the county lines in Arkan
i sas swamp*."
A new manufactured product entitled
j "pantasote" has been awarded a medal and
award of merit by the Franklin Institute,
Philadelphia, in view of the report of the
committee on science and arts, which
describes "pantasote 1 " as a "highly merito
rious substitute for leather for a number of
uses for which leather is a. apted." "'This
report." says Industries and Iron, "is the
result of two years' investigations into t c
best substitutes for leather." Tne method
of manuacturing the new product is stated
to be the coating of tough paper and
leather fabrics of various kinds with a
gummy composition which becomes in
| corporate:.! with the substance of the
I fabric, this gum bci:.ir colored before it is
i used. The pantasote fabrics are stated to
| be superior to leather in the possession of
| several aesirable qualities, such as plia
bility under extremes of temperature, im
perviousness to water and cleansing
qualities.
According to recent experiments de
scribed in ihe Medical Re ord each pint of
air breathed in by an adult contains about
I 15,000 microbes. In some plac' s the num
ber is as hi^h as 1,000,000, but the average
city number is about as stated. This
microbe-laden air is tanen into the air
passages, and when it is thrown out it is
quite sterile. The air has further been
iound to be sterile in the naso-pharyngeal
cavity. The inference is that the nose is
a most powerful microbe-destroyer, and
this fact shows abo how important it is to
draw the air through the nasal passages.
A syndicate has lately acquired an es-
I fate hear the great waterfall known as
' Sarpsfos, between Christiana and Gote
borg, with the object of utilizing he water
power for the Generation of electricity, and
intend to establish aluminum worksl The
Sarpsfos is one of the finest falls in Nor
way, being seventy-four feet high and 116
feet wide. The water-power is already be
ing largely used Dy. numerous sawmills,
cellulose factories, etc., while the railway
already crosses the falls.
A DOG'S VANITY,
Queer Freak of a Skye Terrier
in San Jose.
Nellie is the name of one of the pret-
Nellie in Her Favorite Pose.
[From a photograph. ]
tiest Skye terrier dogs in California
and *be knows it. She did not come by
this knowledge of her own accord, but by
being admired by thousands of people.
As Nellie's home is not far from the Ho
tel VeQdouae. in San Jose, she is around
that caravansary a large part of her time
ana attracts a great deal of attention from
the guests. KodaKs are plentiful about
the hotel and nearly everybody who owns
one wants a picture of NeTlie. A3 a result
the little doe has become so used to having
her picture taken that she wants it done
all the time.
The little boy who owns Nellie is proud
of her achievements and says that she
learned to sit up by herself. When her
picture was taken for the frrst time she did
not seem to liKe it and would not stay still
for a moment. But in a short time she
grew so that she rather enjoyed it, and as
the peoDle for whom she posed were sure*
to give her something nice to eat there was
a double inducement.
At present Nellie don't want anything
better than to have her picture taken. If
she sees anybody walking alone the streets
with a camera she will run in front of
them and stand on her hind feet, making
every effort to look her prettiest. If her
request is complied with she has several
"poses" that she will gladly take in suc
cession for the purpose of fiaving them
"snapped. 1 She knows when the exposure
has been made, and always jumps around
as soon as she hears the shutter click. If
the person happens to be a siranner and
she fails to make herself understood she
shows evident signs of disappointment.
Nellie is only a little over 3 years old,
but her beautiful silky coat has been
photographed nundredsof times. Most of
the people who have "taken" her have
been tourists, and the chances are that her
picture can be found in nearly every large
city in the Union.
A UNICORN RABBIT,
Strange One-Eared Quadruped
Caught Near Tocaloma.
Miss Bertrand, daughter of the hotel
keeper at Tocaloma, captured a most un
usual quadruped a few days ago. It is a
specimen of the ordinary cotton-tailed
rabbit, but differs Irom the rest of his
tribe by not having his just share of ears.
In fact he has only one, and that is "right
in the middle of his forehead."
Possibly this rabbit realized that he was
different from his fellows, for he was first
seen only a few hundred yards from the
hotel. When he was chased, instead of
getting away as fast as possible, ho ran
into a clump of shrubbery and staid there
nntil he was picked up. And the strangest
thing is that he never seemed frightened
at any time, but allowed himself to be
handled just as if he was used to it all his
life.
The body of Miss Bertrand's rabbit is
exactly like allother rabbits, and so is the
shape of his head. His fur is the same
color and there appears t;> be no difference
in size from others of his species. But to
look at him is startling. Ar.d all on ac
count of that strange, uncanny ear. It
sticks up in the wildest manner and wakes
the little animal look about twice his real
size. It also gives him the ferocious ap
pearance that Indians have when they put
a feather ou their head and twist it into
What it The teeth — from decay. The — from impurity,
saves The gums — from softening. The pocket— money.
r '■ \i
f&r Teeth jPßreath,
A sample of liquid Sozodont by mall, provided you mention this publication and send three cents
for postage. Address the Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall & Ruckel, Wholesale DrueorUU. New
Torfc City. ' ' ',
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Sframsco& north pa-
cmc railway CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:35
3:30, 6:10,6:30 p. v. . Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:511
and 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:30
5:00,6:20 p.m. ,-«,«#,
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 A. if..
if £Sk B is V^i;£ tri P ;
sr: o^.V;^p^. 9: - >11:10 A
Between San Francisco fend Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above. ' ,
~~ EeTve lin effect Arrive
San Francisco. A pri| 2, San Francisco.
Week I Sux- ueauSallon BnN- i~WKEK
, Days. | days, destination. pAYa> [ Day^
7:30 am 7:20 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 m 9:30 am I'etalnrr.a, 6:05 fm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Bos».| 7:30 fm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbur?,
' • Geyservllle, '•• • ; •
3:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
| l'ieta,
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 AM
3:Sopm I 7 :30 am | Uklnh. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am; ! " 10:10 am
7:30 am Guemeville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I 1 6:15 pm
7:it) am. 7:30 am I Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 5:00 I'm and 6:05 pm (3:15 pm
I | Glen Ellen.
: i 0 AM II : 22 AM | Sebastooo! 110:40 am! 10:10 am
3:30 iv r.:iio p M | eDa Btopol. j 6 . 05 | B:lspm
Stilts connect at Santa ~Rosa for Mark West
springs; d.' Geyserville for skates Springs; at
Clovcrdale for the Geysers; at I'ieta for Highland
bpr.n.^s, Krlseyville, Soda Kay and Lakeport; at
lipplnnd for Lakeport and Kan ett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy .sunngs, iSarnt.gi Springs. Bluo
Lakrs, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. I'omo, Potter
\ alley. John Day's. Lierley's, Bucknell's, teanhed-
/•in Heights, Gravelly Valley. Booneville, Green-
wood, Orrs Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Kort
Brace, West port, Usnl. Wiliets, Cahto, Covelo,
Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday rouni-trip tickets at reduced
rati a. *
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldlnt
H.C.WHITIXO, . R.X. KYA.V.
Gen. Manager. G<>n. *».m. Agent.
Atlantic
Pacific
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive £&*&!?&&&]£$&%
at Market Ferry. fC^^oUTEll
SANTA FE EXPKt*>»
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
t...... pvppv <iav it s r k . carrying rullman
VaKc^sTpe^i. Md a Tour' S5 "sieepsr. to Chle;£o
via Kansas city without change. Annex can fat
Denver »nd St. Louis. X __
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
■nder Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the Ease.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery |
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
can.
""*■ Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
CiirtuiU-ie BalldiajT*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via >auxalito Ferry).
ITrom San Francisco, t omm n Ing March 29, 1896.
WEEKDAYS. '
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 :CO, *B^oo
•0:16 10:16, 1 -.45, a. It: 1:45, 3:.0, 4:15,
; 6:15. •o:O(;.i. :35 p.m. ■ • ,-
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedos»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. M.
'■■ ' SUNDAYS. • " :
Tot Mill Valley and San Rafael -*8:00, *9:00,
j •10:00, 11:3Ja. m.;*»ls:3j. »l:30, »2:15, •itOOL
.6:30, 6:46, 8:30 p. M. Exit*, trip to BauaslUoat
i 11 :00 a. M. "
Trains marked • ran to San Qaentin. ••12:80
T. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
< THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p. m. weekdays— Caiadero and way stations.
S^ a. if. Sundays— Cazaiero and way stations.
»*0 a. m. Sunday »-Polnt Reyes ana wav B t»Uoßei
their hair so that it sticks up as straight
as a beanpole.
While the rabbit captured at Tocaloma
has only one ear it really seems to have
two orifices. The openings are on the
sides of the ear and not far from the usual
places. From the upper portions of them
the skin of the ear grows toward the cen
ter of the head where it joins the one from
A Rabbit With Only One Ear Caught
Near 1 ocaloma.
the other side, and the two become one
piece of flesh. The upper portion of the
ear is not unusual, except for the fact that
the inside is turned toward the back
instead of toward the sides. The single
ear is nearly twice the size of one in nor
mal condition.
Notwithstanding his peculiarity, the
one-eared rabbit is as happy as can be.
He hoDS around his pen in the liveliest
manner, and when he is picked up shows
signs of beine pleased at the attention.
An Old Scalping Knife.
An Indian scalping knife was found in a
tree in Clearfield County, Pa., a few days
ago. The blade was embedded twenty
feet from the ground, and as
the tree counted 175 rings from the point
of the knife to its hilt, it would indi
cate that the blade had been in the same
position for almost two centuries. The
stamp on the side of the knife consists of
the representation of a crown and a bottle,
and it was no doubt imported from Eng
land in the early daysof the colonists and
was probably traded to the Indians.—
Hardware.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
soiTHKBjf pacific fOJIPAXT.
(PAcirio SVHTEM.)
Tniln* leave nuil »re due to itrrlve at
' SAN FRANCISCO. . .
leave — Fno>f Mat 3, 1896. — auriv
•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . Hi -J.l a
7:«Oa Atlantio Express, Ogilen and Mast.. 8: »5p
7:00 a lienicia, Vacavilie, Ramsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis. . . . 6:45p
7:0»a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls* '
toga and Santa Rosa 6«15p
8:30 a Miles, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted OroTille.... 4tlsp
•S:3Oa Peters and Milton «7:13p
9:00 a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and 1 .on Angeles 4i4"Jp
»:OOa Martinez and Stockton 10:15
9:OOa Vallejo 6:13p
1 :OOp Niles, San Joso and I-ivermore 8:43 a
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers •O:OOp
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations -t?:4sp
4:0Oi- Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calislosa, El Verano and
,S;xutaßosa »:13a
«:9«p Bcnicia, VacarUle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville,
• )voville and Sacramento.... 19:43 a
4jB«p Niles, San Jcso, Livermoro and
Stockton 7:15p
■ 4:80p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:43 a
s:6*p New Orleans l'resuo. Dakere-
i.f r .. . _• flcld, Santa l,iU'l>.ira, 1,.i3 Angeles,
TOemlug, El l*aso, New Orleans and
East 10:15 a
S:00p Santa l'o Route, Atlantic Express . >
for Mojave and East ;'; ' 10:13 a
. S:00p Vallejo : 1 1:43 a
. ; O:O«i- lUiropeau Mail, Option and East.... t»: 15a.
6:OOi> Ilayivards, Niles aud San Jose 7:43 a
J7:OOi> Vallejo ...• t7:45p
• 7iOOp Oregon Kxpress,Sacra:nenlo, Marys- "i . ■
\ilie, liciMlng, Portland, Puget
' Hound and East IO:4
SANTA CIUIZ DIVISION (NarrOTv oangC).
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, banta Cruz
and Principil Way Stations IS:9Sr
• : 8:13 a Ncnvark,Cciitcrvillo,i-jan.lose,FeiU>!i,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations sis«p
• •2:15r Newark, CenterviUe, San Jose. New
. Almadcu, Fclton, Donlder Creek,
3futa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *11 iSOa
4:13 p Newark. Sail Joso end l-oa Catog 9:39 a
COAST DIVISION (liiirtl & T.nviisciiil Sits.)
•0:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeti Wednesdays only) *1:43r
*7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and -
Principal Way Stations ....:..... tS:33r
8:13 a San Jose. Tres I'inos, Santa Cruz,
Pariiic Orove, Paso Roblcs, Sail
liiiis Oliapei. Guadalupo mid Prin-
■ cipal Way Station* 7:05p
♦9:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:43p
lOiIOa San Josoand Way Stations 3:OOp
11:43 a Palo Alto and V.'ay Stations 3i3op
"2:3Oi' Sun Jose, Gilrny, Tres Pinos. Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Monterey and Pacific
«:rnve *I0:40a.
<3:n«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:47 a
•4:30i- Han Jose and Wcy Stations *8:OOa.
3:30p San .Togo ami Way Stations "B:4Sa
O:UOl- Son Jose and Wuyi Stations 0:: Ma
tll:43i> B«.n Joso and Way Stations t7i4sp
SAN LrJAJUJUO AM) HAYWAKUS LWAL.
i ii 1 6:00 a ) ■ ( 7:13 a
8:00 a (MS*
I ,g;SSt Melr.w, Seminary P«k, i?fjg*
.-."Jfgg* FiUhbßrl,SMLtaiidr« «;«£
3:00p __j . 4:43p
. 4:00p «■ . " a fV>..' s:isp
3:00p H«Ti»»rJI«. 6:15p
rt:3op Hsjwsr«s. r:43p
"7:<»op . 8:45?
9:OOp » Run? through to Nile*. lo*3op
ttimSp,; « From Niles. I ftia:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:fO 11:00 A.M. tl:00 *2:QO |3:M
•1:03 $S:CO *6:00 p.m.
From OAKLAND— Foot ofßrojdw»T.— : *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:CD *IK3O t3:00 *3:00 ti:00
*5:03r.?i.
| A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• • Sundays exceptcd. t Saturdays only.
... t Sundays only.
I TtMn-fl-.*- TV.,,--!,,.-..! R-*tirrlnv only.
UPOTAIJR, /-X
Chinese Tea and Herb t-- 3
• Sanitorinm, • ®^-t»
No. 727 Washington St., . VS. 3
San Francisco, Cal. A*?* f •
I Cor. Brenhiun Has* abort •£=»' A
•■ Office Hoars: 9to 13, —^^9 (jlr^
\ 1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
i day, 9 A. M. to 12 31.
,' U Po Tal Jr., son of the famous Li P *
\ Tai, has taken nix father's business
I and is. after eleven years' . study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
2930
THE LAEST FASHION GOSSIP
\m —^ VKKY one is now on the wing,
 an unusual number having al
==^ ready flown toward Europe. All
the fashionable resorts will be
well patronized and from indica
tions I should say that we may anticipate
a gay summer, and certainly I hope for
one on account of the number of pretty
girls, who so enjoy having a good time.
And what trunks full of lovely gowns will
accompany many of them, but few are
provided with less than a dozen fetching
toilettes for the summer's campaign.
Many of these are simple and inexpensive
enough, but very charming, bearing wit
ness to the fact that our women have more
than their snare of taste and a very cor-
rect eye for the beautiful.
Polo at Burlingame? Well, I do not
know whether I will see that game on Sat
urday or not, but it will be a good gamo
and well played, I am quite certain, and
ths gowns of many Df the women will be
smart enough to warrant more than a
passing glance, provided frequent showers
are not predicted.
On Tuesday next one of the fairest and
sweetest maidens in California will be
come a bride. Much will probably be
written about the quiet home weading,
which will be witnessed by but twenty-five
in all, and the beauty and number of the
wedding gifts will form the principal topic
for many a chat, but for my part I have
nntliin-; to say excepting that all who
know both bride and groom consider that
they should be equally congratulated.
There is to be a pretty wedding here in
June, and still luncheons continue to be
be given of an elaborate nature, but by
t tie end of this month most of us will be
off in search of sunshine and freckles, i
Some will don bloomers and go on bicy
cling tours, and others will examine their
guns and fishing tackle, as not a few of
our women are excellent shots and expert
anglers. In fact, I must myself confess
that a fishing-rod has a great fascination
for me, so you may in the near future hear
from me something about sporting cos
tumes.
A fetching bicycle suit has just been de
signed by Falk. it is a very coarse weave
of brown, linen duck. The short skirt is j
very plain only having six lines of stitch- !
ing round the* bottom. The pretty little I
coat is fancifully cut and has a broad col
lar, revers, and cuff points of ecru linen j
duck. The coat is adorned with brown I
braiding and dark brownish pearl buttons, j
A shirt waist is, of course, worn, a smart
belt and tie, but in conclusion I must not
forget to tell you that "the special feature ;
of the skirt is the shaping of the under- j
neath back breadths to fit the saddle and I
wheel frame in such a manner as to allow |
the overlaying plaits to hang straight from
the skirt belt without a break at the sad
dle."
The fad of having the bicycle and cos
tume all match is increasing in favor, and
cine especially stylish one is in hunters'
green picked out with ecru; the fair rider
wore a tailor-made costameof dark green
cloth and an ecru linen shirt.
A correspondent writes to Vogue asking
for information concerning the number I
and material of gowns necessary- for a I
summer at a seaside hotel, and in reply is
told to have a tailor-made gown of "serge,
homespun or tweed, with a plain skirt and
a jacket bodice, which can be worr over
shirt waists. A mohair dress, in a becom
ing dark shade, also tailor ma.de, is almost
a necessity, as it is cool and sheds the
dust." For afternoon wear a giace taffeta
is suggested, the bodice to be elaborately
trimmed, and for the same purpose is ab
solutely required a grenadine creation,
which can be worn as a general visiting
gown, in afternoon teas and for church.
Several fancy silk bodices, some cut
hiefa and others low, will do to wear, some
of them with the grenadine skirt, others !
with the well-made black or light silk
skirts, which every woman who goes out
at all is supposed to own. A dozen per
fectly fitted shirt waists are necessities,
and they can be worn with a white mohair
or pique skirts on bright days, and on dull
ones a dark skirt is preferable.
A useful dress is of "white or colored
duck cress, barred and tailor-made, with a
skirt and blazer."
"A flowered batiste with a lace stripe
made over Bilk. with lace and ribbons," I
cannot well be dispensed with, and if a
satin gingham and a dainty dimity is
added one can manage, provided one does •
not indulge in yachting, coifing, tennis, j
etc., as in such cases suitable costumes
must be worn.
As far as wraps are concerned Vogue '
says that only a "mackintosh, a covert j
jacket, a golf cape and a fancy cape will be !
needed." Then my lady must have for 1
A LOVELY TEA GOWN.
traveling a toque, a black picture hat and
a very dressy one especially designed to be
worn with the grenadine, '"one or two
bonnets and a earden hat (a Leghorn.)"
In conclusion she is ' advised to have a
black silk petticoat much frilled and wired,
as well as one of white silk. Of course
morreen can be substituted. Such petti
coats are absolute necessities as our skirts
should bt»ve a certain flare. An abundant
supply of slippers, boots, .shoes, gloves and
lingerie will take one comfortably through
a season. , . ,
The echoes of the wedding balls an
nouncing the marriage of the i'rincess
Alexandra have scarcely died away, and
already we have full descriptions of her
charming gowns. The evening toilets are
the most interesting; an exquisite one of
light blue has a skirt of moired aurore,
and, as tbe name implies, it is of a pale
blue, which is shot with a tender rosy
pink, in some lights, and in others with a
golden hue. The body of the same silk is
veiled with lipht blue chiffon, which is
carried up to a yoke made of blue chiffon
puffs divided by little oars of ecru inser
tion. The sleeves are each formed of four
blue chiffon puffs. Another costume of
pale blue satin is a la Louis Seize, with
small bunches of roses over it, as it were,
interrupting gleaming lines of silver pail
lettes that diversify the skirt. More of
these delicate silver lines are seen on tbe
bodice, and each of them terminates at the
berthe, with a small embroidered rose
that is almost imbedded in the puffs of
blue chiffon, of which the sleeves are also
made, with little satin turrets worked
with silver and roses over the tops of them.
A rose-tinted satin has silvery stripes of
moire woven into it, which is a chic nov
elty, and a pink corded silk, shot with
white and pale green has a graceful floral
design all over it. Yet another pink con
fection is of a shot chine silk, and has a
sort of F.ton coat bodice, with a white
chiffon furet, over which is some filmy
beurre lace. A wnite velours soie (a beau
tiful fabric) has interwoven pale gray
green velvet stripes.
At the Coburg fetes the bride wore
a dress described as truly picturesque.
The skirl is of a rich rose glace sick, all
over flowers of a chine description, with a
full but narrow ruche of tb#sameall round
the bottom.
So greatly does the Princess prefer abso
lutely plain skirts that this is the onlvone
of her sKirts so adorned. The bodice is of
the Louis Quinze style, and it is of rich
silk of the old Fragonard iose tint, with
the loveliest white lace appliqued upon it,
not in the usual way. hut the lace flowers
and foliage are unconnected by any mesh
and made for the exact places they occupy
on both sides of the revers, the deep cuffs,
pockets and the basque, which like the
entire coat is lined with pale canary satin.
The front is of the same satin, and there
is a little lace cravat. What a lucky
Princess, to have so many beautiful
frocks. She has dozens of them, but not
one black dress: a very pale green is her
favorite color, which is seen in several of
her tea gowns, one of maize and white is
said to be "indescribably dainty."
Alexandra has an abundance of every
day frocks for all seasons and ail occa
sions. Numerous are the mohair and
clotn dresses, all of which are lined with
shot silks in contrasting colors. Her gowns
of" grass linen are all silk-lined, the linini:
matching either the figures or stripes em
broidered on the linen or are of tbe same
tone as the linen. The Princess' mother
has wisely seen that her daughter
is also provided with every comfort loving
foresight can provide, as numerous are
also her robes de chambre and petticoats
of the delightful Zenana fabric, which is
crinkled silk above and the softest of wool
beneath. There are also silk, woolen and
cambric neglicees galore.
Her mantles and cloaks are not numer
ous, but show much sense in the selection.
A military-looking coat is of fawn cloth,
trimmed with silk soutache of the same
shade, and an ecra lace shoulder-cape is
over pink accordion-pleated chiffon and
has a pink chiffon ruche round the neck.
The lingerie is exquisitely fine, real torchon
and Valenciennes lace trimming predomi
nating.
Boots, shoes and slippers of every de
scription (quite numerous enough to stock
a small store) will accompany the Princess
to her new home. There are riding boots
of the newest cut and strong leathern
waiting boots. Besides there are red kid
shoes with gold studs and bronze shoes
with studs to match. Cromwell shoes in
tan with large bronze buckles and stylish
kid shoes for practical wear. All these
boots, etc., have round toes and moderate
heels.
A chic froc for Monterey is of a willow
green taffeta embroidered with flowers of
a lighter shade. The bodice is covered
with the sheerest crass linen embroidered
in tiny pinfc rose buds; bands of insertion
allow "pale green silk to show.
Another lovely confection is also of grass
linen of the finest quality. It is entirely
lined, with a silk which changes from mauve
,to crimson. The bodice is a work of art,
being covered with embroidery of a cash
aierian desien, in which several colors
. blend beautifully. A hat of green straw,
i trimmed with California violets and green
I tulle is most becoming.
| Then if you want one of the dearest
| little frocks of this same popular fabric
purchase thirteen yards from one of our
leading stores of the semi-transparont
grass linen embroidered all over with
siljeen violets and long green stems. You
can bave either very pale violets or those
• of a dark hue, according as you desire to
i have the lining of mauve or violet Bilk.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
! Such a dress will be very expensive, but
j equally lovely.
In Paris large quantities of a snow-white
■ grass linen is being used with much suc
j cess. For instance, from a celebrated
I house comes a gown of white glace,
! sprigged with black. The skirt is entirely
j composed of this silk and the bodice of
i white glace, over which is the white linen
I with bands of tambour embroidery run
with tiny black velvet baby ribbon. The
sleeves are of the same and the bodice and
sleeves are finished with a roll of black
velvet.
A fascinating costume, suitable for many
functions, is of a pinkish chine silk, cov
j ered with a small blurred figure. The very
I ample sKirt is composed entirely of the
j silk, and the bodice of creamy wnite lawn
over a pale-pink glace. There is a lovely
I yoke, composed of tucks and fine inser
tion. Then there is a novel arrangement
of two pairs of pink silken scarfs. These
start from the waist in front and behind,
and are drawn up to the arm hole, leaving
a free end to fall graceful!}- over the pretty
sleeves. These scarfs are edged on both
sides with three thread-like lines of black
velvet ribbon. An extravagant concep
tion, which should not be given much
thought except by those who can have
A> AFTERNOON TOILET OF BLUE CANVAS
numerous toilette?. With it goes a true
j picture hat of pink shirred tulle, veiled
! with white. Pink roses form a cache
peigne, and there are three choux of black
and pink tulle.
Can you imagine, for a fair-haired
beauty, a creation of pale-green moire shot
with a golden shade and adorned with
creamy lace which covers the bodice? A
dress of blue moire has the water mark
followed out with small black spangles.
This idea of tracing the water mark on
moires with sequins or spangles is a de
cided novelty, and a very effective one.
The bodice matches, and* is draped with
blue tulle, scattered with diamonds.
Sleeves have vanished from all French
evening gowns which emanate from the
best houses. Little puffs of tulle or lace
have taken their place, and a bow of rib
bon or a small bunch of flowers is usually
added. Light gloves almost reaching the
shoulder are worn.
Numerous are the demands for Louis
Seize gowns, so you can appreciate one of
chine silk, which has a white ground cov
ered with red flowers. The bodice is of
black satin, the basque is full, and with it
is worn an ample fichu of white chiffon,
which ia bordered with three full frills, and
they drape the arm from the elbow of the
close-fitting sleeve. A bunch of crimson
flowers appears at one side of the bodice,
and the lining of this effective gown is of
black glace taffeta.
A very beautiful Parisian gown is of
white moire embroidered with seed pearls
on the pattern of the water mark. The
low bodice is of white gauze covered with
spangles and diamonds. One from the
same source for a matron is of black and
pink Pekin satin. The bodice is of pink
satin veiled with black gauze and finished
with black velvet bows.
Some of the gowns now being worn in
Paris on the boards of the Francais must
be truly charming. Mme. Brandes appears
in one scene in a gown of yellow cloth
over which is a scroll-like design in yellow ;
silk. A ruche and frill of chiffon com
plete the skirt. The ample sleeves of
chiffon are built up on. a foundation of
yellow silk. On the bodice there is a deep
frill of the chiffon. It is further beautified '
with a triangular-shaped trimming of in- I
sertion, through which run tiny ribbons of
black velvet. These are tied in choux on
both sides.
A little bonnet of green straw is worn
with this, and it is trimmed with two
bunches of yellow roses. Diadem-like in
front lay a broad cold band caught down
by cabocbons in jet. At tne sanoe time
Mme. Barlet appeared in a silk-lined
crepe costume. In front the skirt was
arranged in panels, between which ap
peared pleated gauze. The short, full
sleeves were of orange velvet covered
with an artistic pattern. Down the front
of the bodice was a plat of fine lace, and at
the neck and sleeves appeared black
rushes of chiffon. In most Parisian
dresses this touch of black is noticeable.
In the third act Mme. Barlet was ex
quisitely robed in a tea eown which I bave
Dad sketched for your benefit, as it is such I
a youthful and beautiful gown, and re- j
member how it is arranged. Over an un
dress of blue chiffon, flashing with many
silver spangles, fell a robe of yellow satin.
Garlands of roses, painted with true ar
tistic sense, adorned tbe rich material;
long branches were trailing all round the
edge of the skirt, while single flowers
or small bunches peeped forth among the
folds. The satin was in front cut short,
and gave the appearance of a high be.lt,
encircling filmy folds of chiffon. It was
edged with ruchings of black tulle, a black
velvet ribbon round the throat striking
the corresponding note. A pointed waist
coat of guipure, epaulettes of spangles,
cloud-like chiffon sleeves, and some roses
tucked in the corsage gave the finishing
touches to this beautiful gown.
But the most fascinating costume worn
was donned by Mme. Brandes in the first
act. It was composed of unbleached lawn
over silk of the same tint, The gown was
cut to perfection, and the skirt was
absolutely plain. The bodice had a
boxpleat down the front and her
waist was encircled with a belt
of leather, which exactly matched
the lawn, as did also her shoes — sun
shade, and at her throat was a most
becoming touch of color, the ruche being
of rose pink, which appeared at the throat
and cuff*. Her large straw hat was cov
ered with roses, and the satin ribbon in it
matched the ruche exactly. Almost as
charming was her evening toilette of
mignonette green shaded satin, ronnd the
low neck of which was arranged a fichu of
mousseline de soie, lace edged. On the
shoulders it was fastened with tufts of
rose-pink velvet and bunches of violets.
Here and there on the bodice flashed
beautiful rhinestone buttons mounted in
copper.
In "Les Danichefs," another French play
now running in Paris, some notable toil
ettes are seen. Madame Tessandier wore,
in the Parisian scene, a superb lavender
colored of velvet cut a ia princess. The
large collar with stole-like ends was of
velvet and exquisitely embroidered in em
eralds, gold and silver, edged by a tiny frill
of lavender chiffon, but at the throat and
sleeves was some rare old lace. The lin
ing was of emerald green satin. Another
gorgeous robe was of lemon colored velvet.
The back of the body was absolutely plain.
The front was composed of a loose coat
made entirely of chinchilla. It opened on
a waistcoat of the velvet richly covered
with go!d and jewels. The narrow jeweled
belt, which kept it in place, appeared also
at the back. On the left side of the skirt
was fastened a huge bouquet of Parma
violets. Though the dress was decollete
the sleeves were long and tightly stretched
over the arm.
Among some truly lovely trousseau
gowns, just completed, 1 have selected a
few to describe. A gown of black and
white striped silk is finished round the
bottom by a narrow band of black satin,
caught at intervals with turquoises and
gold buttons. The bodice io made of the
silk, with box pleats; these are veiled in
creamy lace, which is arranged a la jabot
over them. Tbe vest is of accordion
kilted chiffon. The lace collar is orna
mented with trimmings of gold and tur
quoises.
A lovely gown of crepe de chine has its
skirt edged with ttiree tiny rows of
Valenciennes, the sleeves and bodice oe
inc of the same crepe and ornamented
with deep corselet and revers of pale blue
silk covered with guipure and a full vest
of creme crepe. A bow of blue ribbon and
a dainty bunch of violets complete a gown
well worthy of our consideration.
A plain skirt of blue satin draped with
net embroidered in silver and pearls goes
with a bodice covered with the same net,
which ia completed by a waistband and
shoulder straps of pale blue velvet. A
small flounce of the lace forms the sleeves.
Another simple but smart gown is
of a plain blue canvas, the skirt of
which is a broad band of folded silk.
Vest and collar are of a blue-and-white
striped velvet. With this gown is worn
a blue satin chip hat, lined with white;
whit- tulle surrounds tne crown in a full
ruche. Three blue quills stand erect at
the left side.
The first hats in which tulle figured
were charming, but now it bids fair to be
come common, so generally is it used. In
shades, one veiling the other should never
be indulged in on amateurish hats, as only
the French imported hats have the proper
air and style to make such a chapeau a
success. So foolishly have most hats been
overloaded with trimmings of all descrip
tions that it is with relief one reads of the
Princess Alexandra's simple hats. One is
composed of shaded pink roses, veiled
with tulle, at the right side of which are
three blacK ostrich plumes and a black
aigrette. A hat of black satin straw is
turned up at the back and is adorned with
black chiffon and deep rink azaleas. A
chip hat of a delicate pink shade
has a dented crown, straw bows
are in front, and clusters of wild roses on
either side, and an aigrette is formed of a
single white rosebud. It would certainly
be well if some women would learn a les
son from thedescription o! these chapeaux,
all of which are free of all oddities and ex
aggerations.
Grass lawn, although a simple, inexpen
sive looking fabric, has proved itself
capable oi any amount of elaboration, and
is to be seen plain, striped with lace and
sequin incrusted. embroidered and covered
with lace appliqne, and is used on woolen,
silk and alpaca dresses with excellent
results.
For the fourth season is blue and green
again fashionable.
At the last "drawing-room" many
nioire trains were interwoven with metal,
and numerous are the gowns of chiffon
and lace which are traced with silver
thread, gold tinsel or silver and studded
with pearls. The tulle gown, although
charming, is doomed, being a very expen
sive frocn and sadly perishable. A nov
elty is ihe application of heavy Bilk em
broidery, jet and paillettes upon such
ethereal fabrics as mou3seline de soie.
When jet as an embroidery is used mousse
line almost always forms the groundwork,
and beautiful is the result when gold or sil
ver are skillfully employed. Thedesiensof
each valuable laces as Brussels or antique
f»oint have been detached from the ground,
aid on silk or satin and allowed to form
part of the embroidery, often powdered
with paillettes. Expense certainly is sel
dom considered by the smart woman now
adays. Honiton lace is again in favor.
We will be glad to see it once more.
On the fronts of some of the newest
evening bodices are strings of pearls which
are caught up on the front with a hand
some ornament and jewel a la Tudor.
Satin is much used at present and many
of the latest gowns have thtir seams out
lined with steel and jet beads, the bodice
invariably showing a similar treatment.
The most fashionable of the moire vel
vaUnand moire moulle have a beautiful
silvary sheen, and numerous are the deli
cate shades in which tbev are to be had.
Many artificial flowers are used on ball
gowns; they are usually veiled in tulle.
Chatelaines of flowers are frequently
seen, and roses without foliage are a lad.
Never before has straw been so much
employed as an embroidery ; for instance, a
Paris dress, frotL one of "the most noted
houses is of black satin combined with
black velvet trimmed with straw, worked
with mother-of-pearl. The result may be
excellent, it certainly is novel if nothing
else. Shot and chameleon effects appear
in both materials and trimmings and now
form the groundwork of many floral
chines.
Purchase no red fabrics unless you must
have one luncheon gown, then have a ser^e
for the bouse, otherwise you will be the re
verse of smart, red having been completely
banished, and right glaa I am that it no
longer is worn in the evening, as delicate,
lovely gowns are faded looking affairs
when brought in contact with so strong a
hue. Crimson is used with good results
occasionally, as a cravat, and bunches of
red poppies are seen on numerous fans
and hats.
Now that tbe sleeves are decreasing in
size we may expect, by fall, to consider a
skirt four yards in circumference ample,
and as the sleeves diminish, so are the
revers shrinking and tbe collars are like
wise affected.
The principal difference between our
skirts this season and last is to be found
in the fronts, which are now plain and
tight over the hips, the fullness being all
at the back, a more becoming arrange
ment than formerly.
In Paris blue serge is being much used
and in England the light drab cloths so
much liked by French women is quite "the
thin*." I cannot understand tbe hold
alpaca and mohair has obtained on the
fashionable world, as for my part I would
prefer the simplest little cloth gown to the
handsomest mohair or alpaca one that
could be made. However, this season is
likely to see the last of these materials.
There has just been placed on the market
a delightful new weave of canvas of a crepe
like texture. It is extremely thin and
very expensive, so it will never become
common, a strong recommendation to
many.
For those who do not care for Tattcrsall
waistcoats, and yet do not wish to make
the extravagant outlay necessary for the
tulle and mousseline de soie ones, I would
suggest that they should have a waistcoat
made by a good woman of an excellent qual
ity of white silk or satin, for with this as
a foundation they can readily arrange
themselves ruffles of hemstitched or j
tucked muslin, which will wash perfectly
and c nable the economical to always be I
well supplied with effective and pretty
waistcoats. Pale blue, white, pink anil
lavender muslin can be used, and fre
quently the frills are edged with lace.
When a straight loose front is more be
coming the muslin can be tucked or in
crustea with lace, producing an excellent
effect. The foundation must, of course,
fasten down the back or at one side and
must be well boned.
The new shade of hyacinth blue is cer
tainly stylish, but becoming to but few.
Mauy shirt waists are being made up in '
silk and linen of this color, and with white
linen collars and cuffs, are great favorites.
Some manufacturers are trying to intro
duce rep, but I trust without success, as
it had never been a favorite of mine.
When mentioning my dislike to alpaca
and mohair I should have added that it
does make excellent petticoats for the
country and a good lining for skirts.
Fiom France have been sent out the
latest novelties in gloves. The backs are
elaborately sewn with a double twist of
purse silk^ intermixed with small beads.
In many cases these are gold, but some
times the three stripes each display a
different color — brown, blue and ruby,
tinted iridescent beads. They are to be
had in such a variety that one need never
have a pair that does not harmonize with '
their gowns in coloring. Highly colored
gloves in many of the so-called "latest
summer shades" should be let severely
alone.
Tnose who are about to furnish their
homes should remember that for a dining
room beautiful real old English oak is
never out ot style, and now antiquated
old oak Welsh "dressers," which take the
place of buffets or sideboards, are the rage
in London. They make admirable back
grounds for blue china, and old brass and
copper jugs and plates. Sometimes in
such rooms are placed "gate tables," which
are valued possessions. Rarely are more
t'-an two seen in such a room, as they are
of goodly size. Many halls also are fitted
in oak, and ereat is the variety to be
had in hall chairs and tables. The latest
tables are round, and have places for
china and books.
When oak is considered too dark aud
heavy, either Chippendale or Sherraton are
usually selected. Much bedroom furniture
is also made up in these styles. The toilet
tables having heart-shaped glasses are
much liked. Houses should be furnished
in harmony, but alas! how many are?
Avoid pretentious shams and purchase
good things when starting out to keep
house even if you can only have a few
handsome chairs and tables at first.
Those living in small houses are fre
quently at a loss to know how best to en
tertain their friends, so now East buffet
A PRINCESS GOWN.
luncheons are frequently given and are
fashionable functions. A large table in
the drawing-room is usually daintily
spread with snowy damask and adorned
with choice blossoms, bonbons, salted
almonds, etc., in cut glass or silver dishes.
On a side table may be arranged piles of
plates, knives, forks and spoons. The
guests are supposed to be seated at small
tables, but at many swell affairs they are
not. Then two of your friends can pour
chocolate and boullion at small tables.
Maids or waiters serve the lunch, which
usually does not consist of more than
eight courses. Such affairs are in great
vogue, being delightfully informal and
easily prepared, and as well-trained waiters
and waitresses can now be readily secured
here make entertaining a pleasure.
An English magazine has been asked to
start a competition and ask "What are the
first essentials of a gentlewoman?" A
number of bright women lately discussed
the question and one replieo* "By her
boots and gloves," and another said, "By
her skirt-binding." Well, a great deal can
be said on the subject as most of us have
certain very positive ideas.
Martyrs to seasickness will hear with
pleasure that the channel has been twice
crossed in rough weather by a wretched
sailor without unpleasant results after
taking "Yanatas." I should think it well
worth a tr.al, although constitutions are
variously affected.
Women who rely on their "cup of tea"
will be wise if they ever visit Venezuela to
take tea with them, as the natives regard
it with disfavor, and send to a drugstore
for it if one insists on having it, and the
quality obtainable is said by one who has
experimented to be "simply abominable
and like a dose of senna."
"Makcella."
FOR MEN.
There is a prediction that the vivid
greens of springtime, which have been re
produced for us in shirts and ties, are to be
displaced by an absurdly brilliant shade of '
violet. Truly, if ail predictions were veri- i
fied, we would be gorgeous to behold, but
violet will never enjoy great favor, as it is
very trying to the complexion.
A London tailor insists that knickers for
cycling should be made to taper, as he in
forms us that fullness just above the knee
ia clumsy.
No longer will a fashionable man be i
seen In a Norfolk jacket. It is a thing of
the past, and the loose rough sack coat is j
considered smart.
Him writes: '"Plain stockings with a !
tartan.' says an English contemporary, j
'have taken the place of the loud-pat- '
terned stockings, the tartan with a gaudy !
pattern on the part turned down.' Also,
The most fashionable shirts this season
wiil be soft-fronted, in pink and blue, and
the tie a plain sailor's knot.' All tnrs may
be the latest from 'Lunnon,' but for its
correctness I will not vouch."'
Polo seems to have more votaries here
than golf, however, such excellent courses !
can be had not only in this City, but
across the bay as well.
In good time it will become popular. It
should be noted that the golf held suit is
of tweed. In America sack coats are worn
in preference to the Norfolk jacket. A
recent English authority suggests a tweed
jacket, with two gussets in the back to al
iow easy and free play to the arm when
tbe wearer is driving; and this also does
away with the band at the bottom of the
knickers, there being in its place a single !
cloti strap. The cap is of tweed, the same ;
material as the suit. The shirt is of
Madras or cheviot. The hose have long- !
ribbed tops turned over, making a'■
sort of heavy band just over the j
calf of the leg. They are of heavy I
worsted, in brown, or tans, or dark '■
mixtures, either plain or ribbed. The golf ,
chibs have special uniforms for receptions,
briirht red coats with gold buttons and
other insignia being the rule among the !
English and Scotch links. These uniforms j
should, of course, be worn on all formal i
occasions in the clubhouse or on match
days. And this rule is the general one for
meets — golfers and other oreanizations of
sporting men. The club dress uniform is
full dress. The club uniform is, therefore,
NEW TO-DAT.
THAT HAIR 0W
1 YOUR FACE,
Arms or Keck can be removed permanently-
only by the Electric Needle. When you have
tried in vain powders or lotions, making the
growth thicker thau ever, you will come to me
and say, "iou told th- truth.'" Performed
by me, hair is removed perfectly, painlessiv
and permanently. .No other one am.
4% THAT
gray
.'IIfHAIR .
does not become yon, but
makes you look older than you should. It can
be easily restored to original color at my par-
lors, or you can buy my
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER, IL^!*
Not sticky or greasy. Best on earth.
PERFECT COMPLEXIONS
can be kept so only by the use of a good Skin
tood to keep the skin healthy, clear and
smooth. My '
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
is the best; <oc a jar. Lasts three months. !
Only way you can keep from getting tan, |
freckles or sunburn is by using this creme
Good for burns and insect bites.
TKI II, KftY Ladiesou t of city sending this |
1 111 11/ DVA. ad with 10c in stamps will re-
ceive a book of instructions and a box of
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
And Face Powder free.
MKS. NETTIE HARRISON, Dermatologist,
40-42 Geary street, San Francisco,
perfect full dress for golf dinners, dances,
etc., just as the limit uniform is for limit
balls.
Blue serge is always worn in preference
to anything else for yachting suits. For
this purpose they are made with a reefer
for peajacket, in case the weather is bad.
Colored shirts are worn.
Duck trousers and black sack coats wiil
be the costumes seen on the tennis ground.
Another attempt is being made to intro
duce braid on evening trousers, a hideous
fashion which should not be tolerated.
The dress or evening coat in vogue ia of a
soft fine vicuna, smooth and with a tine
twill, or of soft fine corkscrew. It is freed
with silk.
A frock coat and gray trousers, top hat
and gloves of the new shade of tan are
worn to garden parties and informal re
ceptions during the summer. Last sum
mer on such occasions many gray cloth
frocks were seen. Patent leather shoes
are, of course, worn wheu so garbed.
On the seashore a morning lounge suit
should be worn, with a colored linen shirt
with a white collar and cuffs matching
the shirt. A straw hat is the only correct
chapeau.
An indigo blue serge suit of fine texture
is a very necessary and acceptable adai
tion to any man's wardrobe at this season
Bathing robes are still being made of
crasn or Turkish toweling. The slippers
match. Light colors are preferable, for
instance, those having a white ground,
with stripes of pale blue, pink and ecru
are becoming, or those in a solid color are
liked. The color should be delicate, and
it is well to remember that blue and ecru
retain their color better than pink.
When entering any such public place a3
a theater or restaurant a man must always
precede the gentlewoman whom he es
corts, as he thus clears a passage for her
if there is anytning of a crowd, but on en
tering a church the lady precedes her
escort. c. C.
He Stood Corrected.
"Johnny, I want you to run a message
for me."
"Shan't."
"Johnny, is that the way to speak to
your father?"
"If you please, I shan't!!'
NEW TO-DAY.
i Special Saving Sale }
♦ *
.cms.... *
' * IMITATION CUT GLASS—*
* Almost as bright and clear as *
T the genuine— at these SPE- ♦
j || CIAL prices until Wednesday i
#, night : Fruit or Salad Bowls, 5.
» '2.=> c and 35c ; Large Cake «
* Dishes, 30c; .Water Pitchers, ♦
* 45c ; Cream Pitchers, 15c ; Pre- ♦
♦ serve or Icecream Saucers, 50c *
T and 60c. per dozen, etc. See 2J
£ them in the window. |j
' * THAT BIG CHINA STORE- «
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE- <
* A Quarter of a Block' Below Shr eve's.
, > WANGENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO., *
| * 528 and 530 Market St., *
'{ 27 and 29 Sutter St., *
, ♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
i ♦ «
13PP c>///\//// %/nr/iCO
22 Geary St., Near Kearny. I
A CHOICE I
COLLECTION! j
. Fancy Weaves— 7sc per Yard |
Fancy Weaves— sl.oo per lard i
Fancy Weaves— sl.2s per Yard I
Fancy Weaves— per Yard |
Fancy Weaves— sl.7s per Yard I
Fancy Weaves— per Yard I
Fancy Weaves— s2.2s per Yard I
Fancy Weaves— per Yard |
Fancy Weaves— sB.so per Yard |
The largest collections and of the H
most recent styles. si
SAMPLES FORWARDED.
GOODS SENT C. O. D.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
FREUDS CORSET HOUSE.
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS
200 Dozen Ladies'
Black and Drab Corsets,
Reduced From $1.75 to $1.00.
ft £*A~ J • — . ,
CAUTION — Havlnjr no agoncJes or branch
sze c r s can p-cha 3 ed s o n r y b a roS
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO 3HSTAKE IX OUR ADDRESS
3VE. PHEUD t&s SOIST,
74a-744 narket St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
' .
IT r Hi i tfim nflf lEP H
nny«o y «l ectr , J ty at *} a BitUn first sitting
■ ■ '■■■'.. ' === .THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
M'MSIAKY OF THE . MARKETS. 1
No change in Silver.
Bonk Clearings gain 10.4%. .
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye neglected. ■
Bran firm. Hay unchanged.
Beans dull. Dried Peas neglected.
Potatoes Onions and Vegetables as before.
Poultry nominal.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs lower, weak and dull.
Cherries bring good prices.
Berries keep steady.
Citrus Fruits quiet.
Dried Fruits continue doll. '/.'/ .'
Provisions inactive.
Increased Revenue Collections.
Mining stocks lower.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port during the first
30 months of the current cereal year were 781.100
bb'.s, against 746,250 bbls during the same period
in 189!>. Reducing this Flour to a wheat basis and
£11? it tO the exported wheat Rives total wheat
?J? J f tt QOQ OO 1 r « 8 i> f nu th T flrst 10 mcnths of the crop year of
I *?,» «^n f°* ? a:Ued at *"-521,000, aga.nst
perK 1°89V93. " ?8 ' 620 ' 900 :or '»• ««•
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue collections in this district in
March were $129,114, against $ 120,691 lor March,
1883. For the first three months 0/ the year thes'
were »05-.' 774, against $486,071 for the same
SlPfiV.?. lß^ This year's collections include
717 1 ,°.; 312 tor BePr ' 9391,226 for Spirits and $66,514
lor Cigars and Tobacco. * '
COINAGE THIS YEAR.
The United Statps Mints have coined thus far this
fiscal year *61,798.400. against «46,762,355 during
the same period in 1894-95. This year's coinage
Includes $47,003,860 in Double Eagles. $3,894 *40
in tag; e5.52. 621,600 in llali Eagles, 750,697 in
Dollars and $1,664.517 in Half dollars.
Kxplnnatlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum tempera for the
days; those underneath it. if any, tlie amount of
rainfall, of melted stow in inches and huudredths,
during the past twelve hours, Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word --hiirh" means high barometric pressure end
Is usually accompanied by fair wea;her: --low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by ciendy weather and rains.
"Lows"' usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is hUh in the inters
and low along the co.is;, and the isobars extend
north and south along th- coa*t. rain la probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ice vicinitvof Jdano, and
Ibe pressure falling to thelaliforala" coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. Che reverse at these conditions
will produce an opposite result •■.'••: r ; :
WIATHKB BI'KKAU KKPORT.
-United Statks Depastjient of Aoeiccit
tcbk. Weather Bubbac, San- Francisco,
May 9. 1596, 5 p. v.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date ■ last season:
Eureka 48 95, last season 41.91: Red Bluff 20.9 2,
last season 26. i San Francisco 20.57, last season
25.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.64, last season 25.93: Los Angeles 9.36,
last season 16.04; ban Diego 5.92, last season
12.16: Yuma .88, last season 3.01. . ,
Tbe following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Euraka 58, Red Bluff
62, San FrasetflOO 54, Fresno 66. Man Lnis Obispo
60. Los Angeles 64, Sun Dietro 68, Vi:ma 84.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 45, menn 50.
An area of low pressure still overlies the coun
try east of the Rocky Mountains. The ' pressure is ■
lowest to-night at Bisn.arck. where rain is falling.
Rain has also fallen throughout Montana, Idaho,
Northern Nevada and Nor.hern Utah. Nearly an I
Inch of rain fell in the past twelve bouisin North- j
crn Montana. Light snow flurries are reported
from Western Nevada. Ihe temperature lias re
inalnfd about stationer,- over the entire country
west of the Kocky Mountains, with the exception 1
of tiii« wes'.ern part of Nevada, where there has
been a fall of about 10 >10-.
The weatner has oem generally cloudy, but
without rain on the Pacific Slope, and the indica
tion* are favorable for clearing weather with higher
temperatures Sunday.
A thunderstorm I* reported at Bismarck. ■
Forecast made at sari Francisco lor thirty hours
ending midnight. May 10, 1896.
Northern California— Generally fair and warmer
Sunday; fresh northwesterly winds.
Southern California— and warmer Sunday;
fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— light snow flurries to-night and early
Sunday morning, clearing Sunday; warmer in the
northwestern portion.
Utah— Cloudy to-night; possibly showers Sunday
forenoon.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
warmer Sunday night; fresh westerly wtnas.
AI.ICXA.VDKR U. McAi.iK,
Local Forecast Official.
K£\V VOBK MAKKKXa.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 9.— Stocks were
firm to-day, but the trading was on a small scale.
62,700 shares changing hands. The tendency of
prices was upward, the resnlt of covering by short
operators who were disturbed by statements that the
St. Louts platform will contain a plank Indorsing
sound money and on reports that the gold ship
ments next week will be light. The changes, while
generally in the direction of improvements, were
slight. There was some good buying of St. Paul,
brokers credited with Inside connections taking
the bulk of the stock. Other notable firm stocks
were Sugar, Burlington and Quin'y. Tobacco, Bub
ber and Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburg. The
preferred stock of the last named on light trading
Advanced 7% to 68. Rubber preferred rallied from
77 to HO. and tbe improvement otherwise was
only %<§•%%. Net changes showed gains of 7% In
Buffalo, Rochester and I'lttsburg preferred, 3 in
Rubber preferred and Vs@*Vi In the general list.
Bonds were firm. t»a!«» were $673,000. Kansas
Pacific consols sold up ban Francisco fours, 1
to Si. -- -
Grain.
'FLOUR— DuII, easy: winter wheat, low grades,
$2 20(23 00: do fair to fancy, $2 86®3 85: do pat
ents, f3 80@4 20: Minnesotu clear. 92 6U(c£3 15: do
straights, i>>3 Co@3 CO;. CO patents, 93 4u<&3 65;
low extra. 92 60&3 00; city mills, 94 10ra4 M: do
patents, 94 BO@4 50: ■ rye flour, 92 40@2 85
superfine, 92 00@2 35: flue, 92 00<&2 30. .South
ern flour, dull, easy, ■*2 40@2 80. Buckwheat
flour, 91 20. .
BUCKWHEAT—
CORNMEAL— DuII, steady: yellow Western,
92 05@2 10.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Steady; ungraded Western, 39@41c.
WHEAT — Dull, firmer, f. 0. b. 765/ c to arrive:
ungraded red, 70@&0c; No. 1 Northern, 72V&C to
arrive." •• ■
Options null, and closed firm at 3« - to $fee
advance on fair foreign buying anil local
coverings. July and May most active. No. 2
red. May, 69% c; June 70c: July 70«/4c;
August, 70c; September, 70v4c; October, 70»/ 4 c;
December, 72c
CORN — Mull, firm. No. 2, 35% c elevator;
565/8 C afloat.
Options <lu!l and steady at V*c advance with
out feature May 35iygc: July, 36Vic, .
OATS— DuII, firm.
Options aull, firmer: May. 24*4 c; July, 24*4 c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 2454(j5»25c: .<o. 2 whit.', -^oVic :
N0.2 Chicago. 26c; N0. 3. /4C: No. 3 wh!te,24aiig,
25c: ' mixed Western,' •J6rg.2bi:; white do and white
State. 26@28c. " - ' '
FEED BRAN-57V"(a6-i/ 2 c.
MIDDLINGS— 6%,70"c. :■-.-. .
RYE— Feed, . . , ;
■-j 'Provisions.- , ... •'
BEEF— Steady; family. £9V)@11: extra mess.
IF7@B: beef bams, quiet,, Bl4 60016 50: tierceo*
l.iff, dull; city extra India mess, $14@16'50;
cut meats inactive:, pickled bellies, 12 pounds,
4%c; do shoulders, 4%@4%c: do hams,
9&9V40. -
LARD— Depressed, dull: Western, 84 30; city,
(4 40; May. ?4\ 90; Ktiined, quiet; conttneas
$5 15; South American. ma 60; compound, «V4@
PORK— Weak; old mess, 99@9 50; new mess,
ell. •
uUTTER-Moderate demand: state dalrv, 8@
lie; do creamery. ll@16c: Western dairy. 7®llc;
do creamery, ll(Sl6c: do held. »r<illc; do
factory, 7<<sloc; tiKins, 16c; imitation cream
ery, 9%@lic.
CIIEE»E-Quiet: State inr*e. old, 63/i®B%c; :
do new. ~<a-s-4c: do small, li-tjffiKJc; pan skims,
old. 3%@4%c: full skims, 2<32%c.
KG(,. — Quiet; modi-rate demand. .
i ' TALLOW -Quiet, easy; city. 3y B ©3 5-16 c: coun
try, Bi/i@B%c.
.)i C , UlTuKsl ' ED OlL— Quiet, steady: erode, 21®
oiT 2 ?'- > ell ow, prime, 25V4@25%c; do off grade,
'•> l ifq.2s%c
RKMS-DuU; strained common to good, $190
TUISPENTIXE— Nominal : 27 V.@278.4c.
» OTATOES - weak. '*
1- K-^teady. Domestic, fair to extra, 3@s3ic;
japan, 4(q>4i 41 .
or^"/. 1 '"^? " 1 " — I'irr1 ' irrn 5 New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c
«i.. U - t i. l '- KK-Duil: unchanged to 5 points up. June.
lie ' u <*"* ' 5 - *po; Rio, steady and dull; No. 7,
r^Vr?f AR 7 K^ v>dulI ' s:er ' <1 - v: falr reflnine, «%c:
centrifucais. 96 test. 4Vic: refined, off A. IH-16
(a>oo: mold a, 6 %c: standard A. 53/ 8 c; confection
<!,,;% A', "Vie; cut loaf. 6c: crushed, tic; powdered
and cubes, 8 c; granulated, b\ 6 c.
Fruit and Prod
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
APRICOTS-Bags. B%®llc.
PtACHEs— Peeled, fib, 10@10i/ 2 c; do un
1! £?; K>- Four sizes sc.
is Three-crown loose muscatel. 8-%ife£4c:
do London layer.-. 90c@$i. /4W
ALMONDs— Nominal:
n Ho , Ps — Dull; State common to choice. 2%@Bc:
Pacific Coast. 21 ya 7c.
WOOl*— Quiet; domestic fleece. 15@21c; pulled
16@33c; -lex as, 7@l2c. .
fhan<li«e.
« 1 1I1 I , X , o:s I ~ aio<lerate demand; American,
$11 50(0,12 60.
(| X— Dull: Lake. $10 75.
LEAD— Steady; domestic. $3 0.).
active KftSier: SlrailS> * la * 5 13 35: 1 lales fairly
UPKLTEK— Steady; domestic. 84 05©l 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Ilt,, May 9.— Wheat took on an
upward motion this morning, and for the space of
fifteen minutes the advance was attended by some
excitement. The buying orders emanated princi
pally from St. Louis, and local operator* consid
ered that fact sicnilicant. The hot weather and
the danger arising from its continuance wen
prompting the demand. The weathvr Indication !
of rain for Kansas, Nebraska and Missouri tended j
to curb the baying ardor, however, and the excite- '
ment Boon subsided. - Showers la the Northwest
exerted .something of a firming influence. Receipts I
in Chicago were 9 cars, and 142,783 bushels were j
taken from store-
The St. Louis Modern Miller reported neither a ]
pain nor loss in winter Wheat condition during '
the past week. Northwestern arrivals were 331 ,
cars, against 301 last Saturday and 174 a year ago.
port clearances from both coasts for the week
amounted to 1,882,000 bushels. Argentina shipped
832,000 bushels during the same period. Liver
pool cables were steady. Paris closed locals
centimes higher, Antwerp unchanged, and Berlin :
=si@l mark lower. Atlantic seaboard shipments ■>
were 92.047 bushels. July Wheat opened from
635/gc to 63% c, advanced to 64' :>c and declined to
and closed at 63Sic to 637 c, %c higher than yes
terday. Estimated receipts lor Monday 10 cars.
CORN— Was rendered tiriu by the booming of
wheat and prices were benefited essentially, 'i lie i
business partook of the usual Saturday character, I
representing more or less of a cleaning up for the i
week. Receipts were 175 cars and 169,683 bush
els were taken from store. Argentina shipments
for the week were 650.000 bushels. Liverpool
cables were steady at I4d decline. Export clear
ances were 58,470 bushels. July corn opened at
29%, advanced to 303/ to 30%. closing at 30' 4,
% higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for
Mo. day, 115 cars.
OATS — Like their companion grains rose in
value. At the same time there was no unwonted
activity accompanying the - dvance. No interest
center- d in the market, trading being entirely for
local count. Receipts 113 earn, and 115,000 i
bushels were taken from s'.ore. July oats closed '
3 /s@%c higher then yesterday. Estimated receipts
lor Monday 116 car«
FLAX Was steady. Cash. 85(g86c; June, 84c;
July, «siA@Bs%c; September, 87i 4 c; October,
87 %c. Receipts were 22 cars.
PP.OVISIONS— After the first half hour's trad
ing in provisions was over in • market drifted into
a condition of dullness and inactivity. The Inac
lion of the hog market, which was in the direction
of lower prices, regulated that of product. July
I pork 12% c lower, July lard 15c lower and July
rib-, 10c lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was steady. A
Rood demand for fancy makes existed, but under
grades moved a trifle slow: Quotations were:
1 Creameries -Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14%c: sec
onds. ll($13c: imitations, fancy, 10@llc. Dairies-
I Extras, iv%@l;;c: firsts. 10<&llc: seconds. 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9@.10c; firsts. 8&8% c; packing
stock, 7c
EGOS— Were easy. Offerings were liberal and
the demand was itlow. Fresh stock B@U%c
dozen.
MONEY— 'Was 6%' on call and tK<97Jf on time
louus. .New York exchange sold at 6Uc premium.
Cloning; Prices.
WHEAT— Mar. 62T/ g @63c; July. 633,i@63y 8 c;
September. 64' .-&£■•■ rroc.". o c."
CORN— May. ";.BS/ic; July. 3014 c; Septem
ber, 31»/ .-.
oat>— May, 18% c; Jnly. 193 /4 c; September,
2C@2oVfea
J OKh- July, $7 70: September. *7 90.
LARD— July, $4 60; September, «4 70.
liliis— July, *4 07%; September. $4 22%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lix.; May 9.-The
cattle market was firm to-day. Receipts were
light, but some that were held over from yester
day said at an advance of 10c Arrivals of hogs
were heavy. The feeling was easy, and prices
shewed a slight decline. Sheep were quiet and
steady.
CATTLK — Receipts, 300. Fancy beeves,
$4 40&4 50: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 20@U 35: cood to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, 94 (iOic.4 15: medium steers, 1000
to 400 pounds, fit 80 a-i 95: common to fair steers.
oil to 1400 pounds. »3 5 (c,3 75: choice feeders.
lUUio 111U pounds. $3 76(ai4; common to choice
siockers. 32 85(giS 70: buns aim stags, choice to
I extra. 82 bQa,A 76; bulls, poor 10 choice, 32 85®
[ 3 25; cows and heifers, extra.* 3 75@4 00: cows, fair
to cuoice. t>2 40@3 70: cows, common to fair,
fl &0&2 35: calves, good to choice. $4 00
(a.4 50: calves, common to good. $303 90; Texas
grass' steers, $2 75'a.3 30; I^xas fed steers. S3 -.»
03 90: Texas cows ana bulls. $2 iV(g,6 40; milkers
aud springers, per head, 920(§)40.
HOUS— Reeeipts. 20.000. Heavy packers, 93 25
@3 45: common to choice mixed, 88 25(a;3 50:
choice assorted. $3 45(£3 60; light, f3 3i&3 60;
pigs, 92 70@»3 60. •»&ba»
biilifci' — Receipts. 3000. Interior to choice,
$2 sU(fcoHo; lambs, 93 26^4 80.
NEW VUItK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call Is 3%. Prime mercantile paper,
b(dbh*v Bar silver, 67 6 : Mexican dollars,
t33.' c. Krrnnic exchange steady to firm, wliti
bl-.uml busiuess in bmitcrs bills at. 94 b7*.Hsi 83
lor 60 day* and *4 »8" / i@4 89 for demand. '• posted
rate*. *4 8«i 2 *-* 89%. Commercial bills. Si Bt>3/ 4
t0. 4 87%. iioverniuent bonds steady; Slate Donaa '.
dull: railroad bonds firm. Silver at the board was
neglected.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.... 84 (.Norfolk A Wen ... V* j
Atchison_ I *% Preferrod... ... 63 /g
Preierrea 22»/ g .Northern Paclflo.. 1%
Adams Express.. .l4B I Preferred. , 12% i
Alton.TerreHant*. 65 Norm western. l°"i
American Express.ll3 Preferred I*B
American Tobacca 64 N. Y. Central 87%
Preferrea 97 N.Y.ChlcagoitJl.t 13
Bay btateUa* 28 x /a Ist preferred..... 78
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17% id preferred. 32%
trunswicit Land*. ■■ J»». V.&N. H.... 17av 3
BOBalo, Roch 20% N. \.<&N««r En«. 60
Canada Pucinc... 59i/ 4 N. Y.busq & W.» 9
Canada Southern.. 60 I Preferred. m 28 Vs
Canton i^nd...... 60 y 8 Ontario 1*
Central Paclflo.... r ! 8 Ontario & Western. l-*fi^ !
t ties. A Ohio. 16% Oregon lmprovuu. 1
Chicago Alton 157% Preterreo... ....„ —
Preierreo. *"<* Oregon NaTlgatlon. 1.
Chicago, iJ. A «..- 793 /4 (jreiion Short Una. 7%
Chicago <st K. 111... 41 I'aclnoMiat 20 «,
Preferred. i fl»/ 2 I'eona. JU..fe Kvans. 2%
Cblcagouas 69%' Pittsburgh W ptd. 16
i Clevo <£ Pittsburg.l6 - Pullman Palace... 15»
I consolidation Coat. .0 quicksilver 114
Consolidated Oas-.luO t Preferred. .„ 16
IC.C.C. «t St. Louu. 34 8ea0init.. .;........ 1;
Preferreu. 81 P,)oUrande<fcWesta 18
Cola Fuel A Iron.. •-9% Preterred. 4;
Preferred 10(» (Rock lslana 705/8'
Cotton Oil Cert.... 13% I'.omeWat iOgdsnll;'/*
Commercial Cable. 150 tt. L.4H.W 4%
Del. Hud50n....... 128 I Preferred. IOVj '
Del.LackAWesteral..l : tt.Paui ... M 7734 \
Leavers It. v 13% Preferred...-, 127b/.
Preferred......... 48 it-t. Paul A Duluto. 24
Di5ti11er5... ........ B Y* Preferred ■..„ 88
General .electric... 84% fct. Paul A Oman*. 43%
trie ~. 14W Preferred ...... 123
Preferred *!*& *=t. P. M. A M. 11 .'
fort Wayne 160 .silver Ceruncates.. 67Vs
GreatNorthernDid.lls tculhtrn Paclflo... 19%
CreenHay % fcoutnern H. X..... 91/4 1
llariem .296 1 Preferred. BOV4 |
Hocklntr Coal 2%fcucar Hennery...: 133% ;
Hocking Valley... 16 1 Preferred. 103
Uomestake 31 TVnn. Coat A Iron, -Jil
H. A Texas Cent.. 2% Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 96% Texas Pacific '8%
lowa Central....... t-:- 4 ! OI.A.A.A N.Mica.
Prelerrea.. 34V jol. <£ Ohio Ctn..^. 3 :
Kansas A Texas.— 11% Preferred. ..73
Preferred....*:.... 26 1 01. &t. Louis AK.U, 0%
Kingston A Pern... 3 .Preferred......... 6
Lake trie AW«ata 17' Union Pacino 8
Preferred 70% U P.. Den. A Oult . xv 3
Lace chore .149 ;4; 4 I .b. Coraaija. ...... 5
.(National J*«a...... 25: 4 Preferred ....._ 10V«
Preferred......... VI < Uuarunieed _ 19 -
Ixnglilana :. SO I. Express. .._ 40
Louisville A Nash. 60% U. Bi Leather....^ 9%
JLouisvlileNaACa. 9%" Preferred. _ «.»j 4
Preferred Zl U. S. Rnober 233/s
Kanliattan Oonsoi.lo7iA> Preferred......... 78
Mempnta A CharU. 16 I Uca &H. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 9% SVab. S. L. APao.. tjs^ j
MlcMgan Central.. £5 1 Preferred......... is.
Allnn AS. Li , Wells-Fa«r0........ r 97\
Prc/errea.. .— — Western L'moa.... 8554
I', mii. AX. i.com. 19 Win Centra 1 ........ 1
Ist preferred 78% Wheeling AL. &.. 9% '
2d preferred...... f>o% Preferred. 3:sVii !
»l ibsourl Pacific. ... '2^ jA m Cotton OU pfo. 67»/i I
Mobile* Ohio IB U Beef 78,4 1
Nashville Chatt.... 68 ■• Ann Arb0r... ...... 9% (
National Linseea.. 17%' Preferred......... 26%
N.J. Central loc; '.Brooklyn i'ractloa. lij t
American... 6%!
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
CI^OSIXQ BOKDS.
rPO.n>e lOß%til KT2ds. 59
150, 4s coupon... 10 Do.4s. .. ... B 'II 2
V 4s new reg..... 1171/4 l Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4s coupon. ..117v 8 N J Cent Gen 65...119%
Do. 2s 92 v 2 ! Northern Pao lsts.H6V%
fo. ?• 11245 Do. 2ds 113
Do. 6s coupon... .Hat,,! Do. Ms 72y a
Cherokee 4s. 1880.100 &onnwest Consols, 1
D0.18J7- 100 ! Do.deb 6s_ 107%
E0.1598... 100 OR AN lstj.. ...110
Do. 189»... ....... 100 . biL&lronMtOenas 7»U.
rsclHc6sof'B6.... — KL4 bfsmi es.iiayj
I. c - 8-6 65.: 109 %'r-t Paul Consols ...ISO
A^ Class A *—'• - 106 m. P. C. &Palsts.llßy4
Do. Class B 4, ss. 100 Do. Pac Cal >«%. 1 10
LaConsoMs. 97% Southern R. R. 3s. 92%
Jllssourl fundinn..— Texan Pacific firsts 897/ 8
»" Carolina con 65.. 1-5 Texas Pac seconds. 21!&&
Do, 4s ....104 UnionPaolstof9Alo3
Carolina 4V 3 *...106 ; West Shore 4s 105»i
itDiiMwsi 85 Mobile & Ohio **.. 66%
Vn funding aeos... 6iy 4 R GranaeWestlsts 76%
f°. ret. — - |Che«AOss 108
fo. deferred 65. .. 6 Atchlson 4s 79V 2
Do. trust rcDts st 6 Do,2dsA.— 41V«
south 2as.. 104% q h AS A 8s 105
len foe lets or '95 102 D0.2d75... . 101
hcu & X U 15t..... 110 v * Tex Nentsi.. 108%
-°o.«« 72 Do.con6s 100
f- rteJ<l « Beading 4s 7934
Kansas Pa Consols 74' 4 MUaouri 6. lUU
t B i-aUu Den dlvlll I
FOKEIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRPJOL. ,
LIVERPOOL, Kso., May 9— The 'spot market
Is steady at 6s sd@ss 61. Cargoes steady at 27* 6d.
arrived, sellers.
' 1 UTI.RKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool <iuo:ations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
5s 3Vii; June, 5i 3'/ 2 1; July, 63 3»4.t: August, 5s
id; eptember, 6s4Ud.
feECUHITIRS.
. LONDON, Bsu.. May 9 — Consols. 113 6.;
silver, 3JU: French Hptue.s,'iO2f 95u Bullion Into
Bank of England, £7000.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 88V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89y*
Sterling CaUes $4 89% 490
New York Exchange, sight — ■ 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. ft ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars &31/4 64
BANK CLEAKINGS.
local bank clearings last week were $ 13.078,024.
against $ 11,845,793 for the same week in 1895,
a gain of 10.4%.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market is lv a deep rut and It Is
Impossible to say when It will get out of it. There i
s business worth talking about. No. 1. $1 07%
?, .m '* ** ctl J Cuolce *l 10: lower grades $lw
1 06%: extra choice for milling, $1 15 22%.
CALL BOABD SAI.KH.
130o7o"Vl 06V*:° N ~10 "'^^k-December-
UKatTLAR Morn SKssiON-December-100
tons. $i Ub L/ 4.L /4.
BARLEY— It Is the same old story, day after
oay. 1-eed, 71V4@733.ic; choice, 76c; Brewing, \>o
I<lß i %c
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Skssiox— lo o'clock— No sales.
RMUtLAR Morning Bession— No sales.
OATS— Offerings exceed the demand and the i
market is very slow. Milling, 76@82M»c; fancy ;
Feed, 82%@87%c: good to choice. 75@80c; com
mon to fair, 67%(<3>72%: Gray, 72%(giS0c: bur
prise. 90c<ftf 1 %* cil.
CORN— The demand is poor aud offerings are
no? • rted. Large Yellow, 8&%@90c; Small l;uuna
do, 97%c@*l: White. hs@B7%c "* rtl.
P. YE— Dull and unchanged at 76Vi(S7SSic *! ctl.
BUCK W UEAI-85@90c * ctl. *
FLOUR AND 3IILLSTUFFS.
FLOL'R— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 75(3>3 85 "f» bbl : Bakers' extras, 93 55<a;;J 65;
superfine. (2 75@3.
CORXMEAL. ETC.-Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, 921 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-fb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, !
28/ic; Bye Flour. 4 c: Rice Flour. 7%c; Corn- I
meal, 2»/4@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal, j
3S4C; Oat Groats, ; e: llominv, 4(£4%c; Buck- ,
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat. 3%0; Farina, \
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4%c; :
I'earl Barley, 4%c: bpUs Peas, 4» /4 c; Green 'do, i
6 1 /ie %i Ib.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Is scarce and firm at 914@15'60 ft ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I7 ft ton for lower grades
and 917 60@18 50 f«. ton for the ben.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, 916@16 60;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 ft ton; jobbing, $21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 ft ion,
H.\Y— Dealers quote the old prices with a quiet
market. Wheat, $8(&11 60: Oat, *7<a>9: Wheat and
Oat, 98@11: Barley, 97@9; Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover,
I *tf@7 60: Compressed Oat, *6 5O@8; Compressed
Wheat, 97@10 60: Stock. $6@7 «t ton. .
STRAW— 3O@SOc ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Continue very quiet. Bayos are quot
able at 90e@$l 9 ctl; Small Whites, $1 25@1 40;
Pea. Si 25^(146: Large Whites. 81@1 15: Plnit,
5<a,97 1 Reds, $1 26: lilacteye. $1 40<%l 66:
Red Kidney, 91 50@l 65; Limas, 92 60^.2 75;
Butters, $1 40@l 60 :or small and $1 25@1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Mo«tard is quotabls at 91 50
@2 25 ft ctl; Trieste. $2M>2 60 ■ ctl: Yel
! low Mustard. *1 40@l 60: Flax, 91 70@l 80; Ca
nary, 23,ic W Ib; Altaifa, 7%(a>9%c %i Ib; Rape,
2%c ft tb; Hemp, 3y a c » Ib.
DRIED PEAS— 9I -..'SCaI 40"^ ctl for lies and
91 25f<j,l 45 for Green. Offerings are meager, but
neglected.
1 POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— No change to report. New Potatoes,
75c@$l; River i:urbanks. 45@50c; Oregon Bur
banks, 65@75c; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 76@85c;
Early Rose, 66@.5c; Petaluma and Toaiales, 60
!<j,-<ft.- f ctl; Humboldt Bnrbauks. 65@700 V ctl.
ONIONS— Are quiet at $1 60@2. New Onions.
76<S.>-0c v ctl. .
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 647 boxes As
paragus, 155 boxes Rhubarb and 524 sacks Peas.
Prices show little change. Some String Beans
from Winters sold at 12 Vac.
Mushrooms are quotable at P(S;l2i/^c ? Ib:
Summer Squash, 12% cf* It.:Egjf Plant, 15c f> tt>:
Los Angeles Tomatoes, ?lfc,l 25 ft box; Mexi
can Tomatoes, 75c@91 25 ft box; Cucumbers, 75c
@$1 ft dozen; Asparagus, 91@2 ft box for ordi
nary and $2 26@2 75 for extra: Rhubarb, 35@75c-
Dried Peppers, 7<£9c: Green Peppers, 10(g»15c;
Green Peas, 75c(*$l 25 ft Hack for common and |
$1 60 sack for Garden; String Beans, S^llci* Ib:
Horse Beans, 35@b0c ft sack; Dried okra. 12V 2 c;
new Cabbage, 40c V ctl; Garlic. 4%@6c %1 lb.
fiUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The supply is ample but not exces
sive and prices are undisturbed.
Cbeakkby — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 18@13%c
Ib.
Dairy— Fancy, I 81: good to choice, 12<ai2iAc: !
lower grades, ll@l I %c.
CHEESE— Tin-re Ib plenty on band and the mar
ket Is weak. Fancy mild new Is quotable at 76$
7%c f. Ib: common to good, «%c; Cream Cheddar
10(^llc« »■; Young America. ti@9c ft lb: West- i
em. lor<011c; Eastern. 12@13%c.
EGGS— The weeK closed on a dull and depressed '
market. Oregon Eggs, ll@ll%c; Eastern Eggs,
ll@l]%c: store Eggs, 10%@12c: ranch Eggs, 12 ',
@l»c; Duck Eggs, 14@150 ft dozen.
POUI.TRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Arrivals were insignificant and the
market was nominal. Live Turkeys, 16@l0c for
Gobblers, 13@14c for Hens: Geese, ft pair. 91 25®
1 60: (Josllngs, $1 SOfccl 76; Ducks. $4@5 for old
and $5k17 for young: Hens, 93 50&4 60: Roosters,
young, * H f>()'a.B f) doz: do, old, *4(54 60; Fryers,
$6 60&6; Broilers, 9 (&5 50 for large and $2@3 60
for small; Pigeons, Si 60@l 75 for young and
9160@l 75 for old.
GAME— Hare, 60@75c: Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot.
tontails and $1(^1 26 ft aoz for small.
I KCIDVOI'S AND CITRUS FRUITS.
. ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
808 boxes, selling at 36c@91 for White, 40c@91
for Red and $1 26@2 >• box for Black.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 481
chests, selling at 9ts@lo 'f, chest for Longworths
and * liv a tor larce berries.
Ciooseberries. 30@40c 'p drawer and 3@4c %> Ib in
■asks,
Raspberries, $1 60 ft drawer. -
Blackberries. $2 60 ft irate.
CITRUS FRUITS — The market is quiet.
Oranges are quotable at $1 25@2 ft dox for Seed
lings. $2 50@4 for Navels, 91 76@2 75 for Malta
Bloods ami $1 60@2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75cia.$l 25 for common and 91 50fgiJ 60
for good to choice; Mexican Lime*. 95 50; Ba
nanas, 91 @2 ft bunch Pineapples, 93@6 '<gi dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
All quotations remain as before. - There is no
business worth talking about.
DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rule on
tbe Fruit Exchange:
Cabload Lots— Apples, I%<§3c ft Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4(i4i~ic for evaporated ;
Peaches. 2»4@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6%®
8c for prime 10 choice. 9c for fancy and 10@l lc ft
Ib for fancy Moor parts: Figs, black, 2V 2 c tor un
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c fi
Ib for evaporated halves, 3%@6c f> Iti for quarters:
Prunes, 2@3V4<- : Plums, 3VbC »Ib for pitted and
l%@'-c for unpitted; Nectarines, 3%@6c V Ib for,
prune to choice and 6%0 for fancy. . . ■ •
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples,' 4@4%c
Vtt; sun-dried. lV«<a.2c: Peaches. 3Ca,4r- and 6(g,bc
for fancy: peeled In boxes. 11 (312 Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 6@6%0 for 40^50's and 4%(35c
for 60©605: Apricots. «Vaa9c for prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: , Figs, black, 3%c:
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c "$ Ib for evapor
ated halves and 4@7 3 for quarters; Plums,
Syj@4c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Nec
tar net. 4co..'< - V. Ib for prime to choice. . 'SjSSH
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3%c ft Ib; 8-crown. loose, 2 Vic: 2
crown. to] seedless Bultanas,.3%^3^4c: seedless
Muscatels, 2%@2^4c: three-crown London layers
70c ft box; clusters. 91 06;a,l 60; Debesa clusters,
#2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, 92 60&2 75; Dried
Grapes, » Ib. : ■ ■
Juuiii>u Pbicks— Four-crovyj loose, 3%c; ' 3-
I crown, 234<aSc: 2-crown, 3i4@2%c. Seedless Sal
tanas. 4c «i tb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c: 3-crown
London layers, 75090 c: clusters, $1 50@l 75:
Debesa clusters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, fa 76;
Dried rapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@lle ft Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c it lb for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 6@7%e f 1 Ib for Languedoc
and @10cfor paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6%
@7c for and 4%@5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6<s6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished- Filberts. 8(&9c: Brazil Nuts. 9&10 c%4
>; Cocoanuts. *4 50(^5 > 100. „„_,„ _,_-.''
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10<i$12c * for
bright and *<'49e '?■ lb for lower crudes: water
white extracted. TjQibW .* Ib; light amber ejt
tracied. 4y4@4B.ic: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-26@27%c » Ib.
PRO VIS IONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c Tfr Ib for heavy. 70
for light medium, 9c 9 lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c 9 Ib for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy 3 c; California Hams. 10c ft Ib;
Mess Beef. $7 60@s; extra mess do, $8 50@9: fam
ily do, *10: extra prime Pork. |H 50@9: extra
near, »14 Vi bbl: mess, $12 & bbl; smoked Beef,
me ? ib. «, ;■ ■ii _
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6Vi<! V It>
for compound and 6» 4<4 <- for pure; palls, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6y*c lor compound and b Vic for
Dure: halt-bbls, 6V4@S%c: 10-11. tins, 7Vic; do 6-lb,
7^ic %> lb.
COTTOLENE— 6S4C in tierces and 7s.se 1* Ib In
10-tb tins. Z_
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 6yg@7c ? ll ' ; culls and brands, 5%@
bo "■i* Ib: medium. 6%@6c: culls and brands, 4%
(<£sc: light, 6c: culls and brands, 4c ; Cowhides, 5c
rib: culls and brands, 4c: salted Kip, 4c lit Ib;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 9
fa 10c; culls mid brands . 7%c: dry Kip and Veal,
7"&8 c; culls. r«(g.6c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins, 20(&S5c each; Kids. 6c; Deerskins, good
Bummer,2o(J2f3oc;' medium, 15^25c; winter, 9@loc;
bbeepskins, shearlings, 10@lbc each; short wool,
'Jo(g,3sc each: medium, 40(g;50o each; lons wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about %O less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3L4@:i%c; No. 2, 3c:
refined. 5%@5%c; Grease. 2%c V Ib.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada. 6@9c: San .Toa
q-nii and Southern Coast, six months, 4<&6c ft Ib:
Han Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 'i(g,Hc; San
Joaqnin, year's fleece, 4^.»(^6 1 %c.
HOPS— 2@4c lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 10@
4 15; June-July delivery, $4 40@4 25; San Quen
tin, $4 80: Wool Bags, 24%@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 9 ton: New Wellington,
$8 %*• ton: Sontn field Wellington, $7 60 ?t ton;
Seattle. $s<<cCs 60; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay. $4 50:
Wallscnd. *6 60; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbd, «7 60:
Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and $15 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
i $7 60; Coke, #10 60 in oulk and $12 60 ft ton In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net clisli : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, s",gc;
Confectioners' A, 6*4 c; Magnolia A. SV4C: Extra
C. Si c; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more. -
SY it UP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; -Slack Strap. 10c
* gal.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows :
I .BEEF— First quality, 6@5i,4c; second do, 4%@.
! 48/io; third do. a (9>4c «> Ik
VEAL— Large, 6®6c; small, 6@7c •$ ib. :
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6%c; Ewes. 4%@5c
9 Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 6®6V«o "$ Ib.
PORK— Live Hog«, 3».i@3S' 8 *j» Ib for large and
SVs^Ss'ac tor small and medium; dressed do, 4%
»s^c ,- Id.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks Close the Week Lower
and Quieter.
Mining stocks were decidedly off yesterday and
business showed a corresponding decline, sales be
ing much smaller than on Friday. The highest
price for Chollar win *'i 10, against 92 65 on Fri
day; for Con. Cal. & Va., 92 95. .against 93 80;
Best A Belcher, $1 16, against 9J 30; Crown Point,
70c, against 82c; Kale & Norcross, 91 40, against
$1 60: Occidental. 9 1 70, against 92 30; Yellow
Jacket, 63c, against 80c, and so on. Several
stocks, such at Ophlr, Union and Sierra Nevada,
sold rather higher than on Friday, but as a rule
there was a decline along the whole line. .The
course of the market during the week is shown by
the table of tliii-tna tions below.
The Potosi assessment falls delinquent in board
to-morrow aud the Ophir delinquent sale takes
place also.
The Edison Light and Power Company will pay
a dividend of W-, 30 per share M the 15th.
The standard oil company will pay its regular
dividend of 3 per cent o,n June 15, together with
an extra dividend of 7 per cent. ■• • ..
The weekly report of the Con. Cal. A Va. says:
1650 level— Have been making some necessary
repairs and easing timbers in south drift on ninth
floor, first floor above sill floor of this level. When
this repair work has been -completed will resume
prospecting ground further south In this part of
mine.
1750 level— From fourteenth to twentieth floor
■ at north end of stones, In old ground of former
I workings and from northwest drift upraise on east
; side of ledge, have extracted during the week 194
■ tons of ore, average assay value of which, per sam
\ ples taken from cars in mine, was 953 02 per ton.
From north cm 1 , of slope 011 eighteenth floor on
I east side of old stope timbers there is three leet in
width of ore assaying $120 per ton. In working
to southwest from above-mentioned upraise, on
ninth, tenth and eleventh floors— above sill floor
have followed streaks of ore two feet in width as
saying from 915 to $20 per ton.
1600 level— No work was' done on this level
1 during the week.
It, oo level— West crosscut 2, started at a point in
I north drift 550 feet north frjm Con. Virginia shaft
i station, das b«en advanced 22 feet; total length
I 269 feet, passing through hard porphyry and clay
i Reams. Total extraction of ore lor week amounted
1 to 194 tons — per samples taken from cars when
raised to surface, 956 42 per ton. Bullion shlppei
: to the office in &an Francisco, assay value,
; 28, 566 72.
The bullion produced on the recent run of the
Morgan mill upon Con. Cal. .v Va. ore was valued
nt $44.012 82. of which $24,937 74 was gold and
919.073 13 was silver. The average yield of the
I ore In bullion was 936 37 per ton. The average
I assay of the battery samples of the ore was $46 67.
The average assay of the railroad-car samples of
the ore was 950 50 per ton.
Following Are the Highest Prices Daring
the Past Week.
Alpha.....
Alt* _..
Andes ....;.
Belcher
Best & Belcher..
Hod if-
liulllon ......
Kuln-er
Caledonia...
Challenge
[.'hollar
Ion. Cal. & Va..
Confidence . „ ...
Crown I'oiuc. ...
liould it Curry.
Hale & Norcrosj
Mexican
Mono.
pphlr
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage
Seg. Belcher
Sierra Nevada..
L'nlon.
Utah
Yellow Jacket..
Stock.
Mod. jTuea. Wed. Thrs. I trl. : Sat.
16 13 18 181 34 ie
07 07 07 00 201 M
'32 SO 34 4i 50 *'i
63 49 63 63 69 6 a
68 6a 83 1.00 1.30 l.lfi
6t> 53 68 U 70 tit
18 16 21 26 ' 3S 3(J
31 SO SO 30 85 31
13 11 11 16 15 16
30 41 44 60 67 6d
9 1 "' 96 1.50 2.15 2.65 2.10
1.95 1.85 VS.) 5 2.90 3.30 2.9J
86 80 99 1.J5 1.60 1.4E
fi9 r>5 t7 60 8v: 70
63 60 7'/ 90 93 92
1.30 I/.'.*) 1.45 1.45 1.60 1.4 (J
40 40 63 66 75 76
15...... 14 15 15 IS
1.35 1.30 1.65 1.65 1.90 Mi.',
13 12 12 14 19 -'ii
1.25 1.15 1.20 1.30 2.3d 1.7(J
41 ,39 65 85 1.10 1.011
36 32 45 66 Cl •>."
18 16 16 . 17 20 18
6«« 63 76 87 1.00 l.lt
6b 64 67 H9 80 hi
J6 14 it . 15 20 If
40 36 431 60 80 6S
BOAKl) MALES.
following w«r« the saio* in tha Baa Pranclsos
Btocic Board yesterday:
IlKoni,Aß MOKN-INH BKS9IO* rOMKK»CI!fU 9:30.
900 Alpha 35 100 Confl ...1.40 200 Overman 27
600 36200 1.45 100 .'25
650 Alt*. 19 100 CrwnPt..B6 1150 Potosl 95
60 20.200 671-^OO '.'94
100 Andes 42400 ....... ......68 100 „ 100
16O0Belcner..BO90OExchqr. M.16M .16 200 98
200 611750 a JtC...^92 60 Savage.... «0
1160 B <fc ii.1.15 100 91550 ....7r..~ 61
850 1. 1070U HA N....1. 8011960 .. . .62
1760 8u1110n..30 200 Julia -Jfl '200 Scorpion. 07
400 Bui wer...32| 1600 Mexcan.76 .00 Sex 8e1.... 19
JOO Caleda 16200 76 551) M Nev..l.io
200 Cballge. ..62J100 Mono 1 5 1400 Sll Hill. .05
350 53 850 0cc1d.... 1.60 2200 04
1250Ch011ar2.00 ; 3000Dh1r... *&0 UuionV
100 1.95 100 1.N5 50 87
400 2.06100 .........1.9 -'00.. . _ 86
250 CCAV.. 2.85100 1.91. <00 Utah 18
26 2.80 Overman. 400 .../. . 16
2100 Con 1m..081300 2<i 500 V JaclitV..62
' . Following were tne sales la tho Paclao Stocx
»oard yesterday :
RKRPLAR SESSION"— IO:3O.
800 A1pha.~..35|800CC*V2.82%400 0phir1.73%
100 .... 34650 2.80500 ...7"...1.7u
600 82200 ...23,4 1000 Ovrmn.. 2s
300 30300 C0nt1.... 1.40 600 *3
450 Alia 20 7850 Con 1mp.03 1200 ... .23
700 19 500 CNY 05300 "... 20
400 17 300 Pt...t57 800 ... . 18
400 ......16 600 ....'........65:800 P0t051... .94
800 Ande5. .. .441:100 ....64 1860 85
1200 43 300 61 600 ... ....98
300 8e1cb«r....65 1600 Excbqr..l2 400 90
800 .... 64:2000 10H60 -Savage..
600 . ........ ..83 SUOU & C... 90 700 ..... 61
400..... 62 400 89950 BO
300 59 300 450 69
600 57 500 BU9OO Scorplou..o7
400 8A8.... 1.20 600 M ..H4'300 SBAM... 19
1860 ..1.15,500... ..;.'... 8- lUOO 18
600 IVs4OOU&N 1.32% 800 3 NeT.,1.05
1260 1.101400 1.30400 1.0 1
800 1.05:1600 Julia 26400 ...99
200 1.00|500 Kentuck..OßßOO .....98
1500 8u11i0u..301200 ..........09 1000 96
600 29 1000 Mexican7l!3sooSHill.._o4
600 ....... 2813U0 70 300 Onion C..86
400 ...........25400; 68300 .....85
200 Bulwer—.B3'4ooOccld.l.92%:iso ...........82
600 .............821050 1.00:400 ..........80
15U0 Ca1eda... 1 4 300 1.80100 Utah 18
400 Challnic...63 800 18,1300 16
600 ....: 62 600 :...:..:.i.iusoo .;..:.. .:.;15
500 Chollar. Boo 1.66 400 14
1400 2.10400 1.67 l «900 YJacitet..Bl
1800 2.06400 ~1. 60600 .....63
700 1.95 500 Ophir... 1.85 850 ..; 61
800 1.90 1200 ........1.80 600 ........... .60
850 CC<fcV...«.bi boO ......... i:; 4
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, May 9-12 st.
&i".AHeit I Btd.A*M(i.-
Alpha C0n...,. 23 261 Jackson.. . . 40 -
AJ ia 17 lfc Julia. ... ' ' — 28
*"«>« „ 37 39 Justice. ..._ . — 15
J; tlch( ''' 52 66BentoCK. 08 09
But A Belcher, 1.00 I.X Lady Wash.. . t'6 —
*? od , le 60 a 1 'Mexican 65 66
gnnion......_ '-'6 27 Mono.. 14
Bulwer - so - Nevada uueex - 06
oM "'—~ 14 16 ; Occidental 1.65 1.60
ol '* r 2-0» 2.osi)phir 1.70 1.75
Challenge Con. 47 49 overman 18 19
Con.CaL4 Va. 2.75 I'otosi I 90 92
f- U "«i mDen * t - 02 OSlfcavpre 62 64
S2S ™ (no » I'3o1 ' 30 1-36 See. Belcher... 17 19
lon.NewYorc. 09 - blerra NevaJ*. 99 1.00
baatSierra^s* _ U6| Silver Hi 11..... 04 06
Exchequer..... 14 -1« Union con 81 82
u£ urry< ", B3 86! ftaii 12 .13
atuo*A«n;rj.i.:ii l.io Ve.linv Jackai. 55 68
COLD MIM>G KXCHAXGK.
SOOAmalle 2 00500 Lockwood Con.. 85
Champion h>uo 86
B M 25 00900 '.'.."".". .'.'.'. J ■ 37
As^f* 1 ,- »0 00 Providence
ISOOGranU "|R)«1 : 5000
100 ;; • 24 300 savannah 4a
Kennedy 300 43
Asked llEOaooSebastopol...... 6S
Keystone. 500 . • . 09
Bid 65 00au0...... '. go
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. May 9-10:30 A. M.
rsiTMi sr«i.-j ii.,jj.
r.itl. AtkcU. git. A "ill
r P4«Ponp.H'Si^ _ LTt>4 9 re 5 ... iot-i a .u9
Do, new is.. r -
MIUCfcUAVKO!^ r. ivii
BUCMIIi. — 113 Do. 2d !s» fi* — _ v
CalEI«:L6s. — I^2i/ 3 l I'&O.Ry 120
CntraC\Vss. 9>j\ 2 OS jP<S.ChRv6s. — 107
Dpnt-st 77 «5 U'wl-st.RR3». — 116^
£dsnL&P6s. — 122% : Reno. WL&L — 105
F<tCHKR6i.IOSS/g — iRIverWCoSJ — 100
Gearv-stßSs.lOls^ — sactoPAL.. - 10"jy 2
LosAueL6i. - 103 ?FitNPRRS«I()J —
Do,Gnted.6s - 103 bPRKArIa6i 967 8 97%
Mkt-stCbleS§l23 — KPRRCaIBs.. lOSi/aUI
Doßvtonsi..lO.'i:Vßlo6 SPHltCalai. - -
KevCNgß7s. 95 105 Si'BrßCalßj. 9834100
J. PCRit63.lo4^i - SV»Vater6*..llß»/ # 119»^
NRyCal6s.lO^ 105 (SVWater4s... 99 »9V2
KHyC'alSs. — - stkinU&Etfi — 101
CalcUaa 53..100 104 \ » SuiibllJc TUi. lUJ —
Da -d Iss6s.lO3iA — SuU.er-stßsi.lU7i,, — ■
Omnibus 6i. 119 \% — Vu>aU*WC6* — Wi
PacKollMbi- — -
WAT R BTOr X
Contra Costs 37 39 |PanJos» 75 100
Mann C 0.... 60-V 8 - |bprlns Valley 99% a9*i
a" stock*. .;>,",■
Capital — 35 i Pacific Light. 46% V
I Central. ... 95 — ; Sanfrancsco 9SVs 933/ 8
I Oak (i LA H. — 6.< btocJctoo.;... — : 21%
i-acbaalmp. titi'4 &7 | ./.-,
I«M;IU\CK ITOOICI.
FlremansFd.l7o — |'un 4) —
COMMERCIAL BAN'S KT'l"Kl
AinerßiTC. - — | London PA A,
Anelo-Cal... 81 69 I London&S* 1 . — 27%
Bank of CaL. 239 242% Merch Kx_.. li —
CaIHDATCa. — 64 *+ Nevada — —
Hrst^attoaLl7B lb^%| bather 800. - —
tinuieers.... — —I
•AVISOS BANK STOCK*.
P*rS4LCo..)4ls — Sav&Loau.. - 100
1 HombSdtL.lloo 1450 Security — 2»0
Mutual 37% 40 Union Truss. — blO
fcf&avUuioa — 485 |
STR KKT KAIL ROA D STOCK I. '
California.... — 110 Onlc.SL-fclli/ - 100
tiearyst 55 75 ires'.mo 73, i7 3 ,i 10
Unrkei-aE.... 4b' 40 s ,i *utter-«. — —
row i>, STOCK!.
Atlantic D... 361, — iJudson - — —
Ea»t<rn D... SO' 90 Ulanu 23 i 2P,;
California.... bO 115 IVigont. — 95c
511 no,' <vv,, n ktt«c*.
Alaska Piers. 96V4 J>7i4iOceanleSSCo 26% 30
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 iPacAuzFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac Borax... 9* 100
CalDrvDoclc — — jPaclANOa — 30
Edison Light. 11 7% 118 1/4 Pac Roll MUM — -
GasConAsso. — — ParfPaintCo. 6% 7%
Uer Lead Co. K5 — PacTransOo. — 24
HawCASCO- IS 3 19 I'acTA 65 70
Hu:chßPCa. 234' 8 huusetT&l'.. 41 —
JadsonMfgU. — — jUnUedUUO.. — 25
ilerExAvsnlOU 110 I
BALKS— MORN I. V) SESSION.
Board— ■■.'.-.
30 Killson Light & Power Co 113 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial 19 00
6 Hutcoinson » p Co „ 23 75
35 MarJcet-st Railway . 46 00
$3000 SPt'KR Bonds 105 00
96SFOaslisht 83 25
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
monr. ar. sks 19.300iEcgs. dor 12.070
Wbeat. ctls lO.U'JO' Hides, no 1,188
Barlsy. ctls 3,100 I'elts. oais.._ ?49
Oats, ctls. 3fiO Wool, bis S'J5
Potatoes.su .. I.HK9 I.eatb.T. rolls 71
Onion*, alts 73:. Wine, ca!s 'J8.700
Br»n, hks. 7-'Ol.lme, bbls ltiO
Middlmcs. 51u..... 4HD Tallow, ctls 4
Hay. tons. VTt; uuicksl! ver. nasKi ,340
Butter, ctls 357 Raisins, bxs 2,3">0
Cheese, cils. 24 Hops, bis 18
CROCKER HOME.
Board of Managers and Board of Trus
tees .Elected for the Knsuing
Year.
The annual election of officers of the
Crocker Old People's Home was held yes
terday afternoon at the institution, corner
of Pine and Page streets, in this City.
About twenty-five of the fifty ladies
whose membership fees help materially in
maintaining the home were present at the
election, though no important business
other than the selection of officers was to
be transacted. Almost without exception
the former incumbents were returned to
office.
The board of laay managers, consisting
of twenty-seven persons, was elected as
follows:
Mrs. John Barton, Mrs. William H. Brown,
Mrs. George Crocker, Mrs. B. B. Cutter, Mrs. C.
T. Deane, Mrs. William H. Dick, Mrs. A. M.
Kaston, Mrs. P. Evarts, Mrs. N. 11. Foster, Mrs.
D. E. Friele, Mrs. Isaac Ilecht, Mrs. C. T. Lager
crantz, Mrs. J. L. Martei, Mrs. Calvin Mc-
MaliHn, Mrs. C. T. Mills. Mrs. William H. MiliS,
Mrs. Charles Kelson, Mrs. F. G. Norman, Mrs.
M. R. Roberts, Mrs. A. W. Bodtt, Mrs. W. J.
Somers, Mrs. George H. Tyson, Mrs. George B.
Warren, Mrs. 8. Wenban, Mrs. A. Wetterman,
Mrs. Edward C. Wright, Mrs. 11. W. Yeainans.
Immediately afterward they met and
elected their own officers, as follows:
Honorary president, Mrs. Charles Nelson;
prt--i<lent, Mrs. A. M. Easton ; first vice-presi
dent, Mrs. D. E. Kriele; second vice-president,
Mrs. Isaac Hecht; third vice-president, Mrs. J.
L. Martei; treasurer, Mrs. Wliliam H. Die*;
secretary, Mrs. Edward C. Wright; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. C. T. Deane.
The board of trustees of the home and
their oflicer9 elected at the meeting are in
dicated below: \V. E. Brown, William H.
Crocker (president), C. V. S. Gibbs (sec
ond vice-president), Charles E. Green,
Charles F. Hanlon (first vice-president),
David Uewes, Joseph Knowland, E. B.
Mastick, S. B. Peterson, A. W. Scott,
Henry T. Scott; treasurer board of trus
tees, Crocker-Woolworth Bank; secretary,
Mrs. E. C. Wright.
The home is in an exceptionally good
condition. There are 65 old men and 81
old women residents, making a total of
136 as compared with 128 at the same time
in 1895, and varying in ane from 63, the
minimum for admission, to 91.
In the past year $50C0 was received as a
gift from Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, $500 from
the estate of Isaac Hecht, fit) from Mr.
"Weinstock of Sacramento, and finally
$7200, or $600 a month, from the Mary A.
Crocker trust.
Hut the more money, say the women,
the more possibilities for good work in the
home and the reception and care of addi
tional old people, for there are accommo
dations for 140.
A Parisian thief entered a cab without
baggage and directed the driver to convey
him to an address some two miles distant.
On the way thither he requested the driver
to halt at the shop of a certain dealer in
second-hand goods. Tne passenger en
tered the shop bearing in his arms a large
paper-covered parcel. He had npned open
tho cushions, stolen the horsehair and was
ready to sell it.
Ants have brains larger in proportion to
the size of their bodies than any other liv
ing creatures. They are endowed with a
high quality of instinct, display reasoning
ability and sood judgment, and possess
powers ot reflection and calculation.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
|Bu.lMo.jTu.|W.
— 1 — \—\ Moon-«Ph M e 8 .
E
10
1 2 I '■ ' —
- lif^Laat Quarter.
_4_ 0 tt 7 8 9 — ; -1—
il ii a il n ~* ©Xew Moon.
May 1 2.1
I 17 18 19 \ 20 |21 n!23 ! /-^First Quarter
i 1i 1 1 1 \^i> May 19.;
i 24 25 26 27 !28 29 30
j \{£>> Fall Moon.
)31 I I | I |Vg/ May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STKAMF.R : DESTINATION. | SAILS. ; PIKB.
Del 3iorte .. j Urays Haroor Mayll.6 ml —
KnreJca.... New Don May 11, Ham Tier II
Doric : China* Jaoan. May 12, .Spm'PMSS
Sunol Grays Harbor. May 12,12 11 Pier 2
tantaitosa.. ( -nu Uieiro Mayl3.llAii I'lttU
4ra«o Coo* liav MaylH.lUAii I'ler 13
State of Ca; i I'ortlnn I MhvlS.lOaii Pier'Jl
Weeott..... Eel Juver May 13. Ham Pier 13
Coos 8ay.... Mexico Mayl:i,loAM Bd«vy 2
P0m0na..... |ttnmooltuilav May 13. I'm Pier 9
CmaclUa.... Vic«i*ecsnJ May 14. 9am | fieri*
b; I'aQi Newoort ',M«yl6. 9am Pi«r II
Faralion i tguini Hay.. Maylß. Had ; Pier 2
Empire I Oregon ports.. M.iylb. bntlPtet 13
Corona San Diego :Mayl7.llAM Pierll
Colombia... Panama Maylß.la m PMSS
Columbia... Portland Mayls.K'AM Fieri*
*.ream Oregon nort^. .' Mav 19. 10pm Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Sxkamku I l-'BOM | nun
Elate of C»i..T^7|l j. May 10
I ma.- ilia Victoria <& Puget Souna ; ..May 10
\\>eo!t. > Eel River : May 10
Arajro coos Ba» j.. May 10
J-iuua Uo9n. Kan Diego- | ..May II
Progressist Departure Bay ..May 11
fouiona. riumboid; JtfaV ..May 12
81 Paul Newport. ..May IS
China China and Japan I ..May 13
Washtenaw Tacuma JL ' ..May 18
Empire i Pur Liana J. | ..May 14
Farallon .'. ; Yaauloa Day ....- i May 14
Corona ; ! San l>les;o. ! ..May 15
Crescent cur... Crescent 0ut....... .. ..May 15
City of I'ueoia. . Victoria & I'une: Hound ..May 15
Columbia j Portland May IB
City of Sydney.! Panama ' ..May 15
Australia. Honolulu May 16
KureKa ......... 'Newport t ... May 17
Arcaia... 'Portland May 17
San Bin* Panama ..May 18
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. P. Coast a?cd Gkodktic Sckvry Ttna")
BrLLKTiN Published by Official >
Authority or the Supekiktkkdkkt. )
Sunday May 10.
Bnnrlß«i 5.02 Moon rises 3.26aic
Sun sets 7. 10, M00n sets
May — 189«.
§ ™22 Fee: I^l' Feet 1!^ Feet Feet
s I I- "' | I H \V | |L W| I H \V I
10 4.21 0.7111.081 3.9 3.44 1.6 9.68 6.1
II 4.55 0.3 11.57! 3.7. 4.14 I.S 10.22 8.3
12 6.v;9 -0.2 12.45 3.5 4.47 2.1 10.50 6.5
13 G.OH -0.5 1.35 3.5 6.24 2.2 ! 11.17 5.6
14 6.45 -0.7 2.25! ' 5.4 6.05 2.5 11.47 6.7
L 5 7.26 -0.8 3.16 3.3 6.48 2.7
II \V t>ft L W Feet H W Feet L W Feet
16 0.25 5.7 8.11 -1.0 4.06 5.7 7.46 SI
NoTK-In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column Rives thn second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of thfi day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractivo
from the depth given by the charts.
GYDROCRATHIC BULLETIN.
JBbakch Hydroobaphic Orprcie, U. 8. N. ■>
Merchants' Eichanor V
San Francisco. May 9. 189 H. i
The time ball on Telegraph lull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120ih
meridian, or exactly at 8 t. v.. Greenwich tirae.
A. F. FicHTitmtt,
Lieut»nanc V. S. N.. in <-haree.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. May 9.
Mcx man-of-war Zaragoza, Pozo. 16 days from
G nny mas, Via Port Harfonl 24 hours.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 14 hours from Green
woo lumber, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 68 hours from Cosmopo
lls: pass and mdse. to Grays Harbor Commercial
Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen. 72 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
Co.
Br stmr Monowal, Carey, 26 days 9 hours from
Sydney, via Honolulu 7 days 13 hours; pass and
mdse, 'to J D SprecKels it Bros Co.
Cleared.
SATURDAY, May 9.
Stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
4 Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, . Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
Co.
stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Snip Oriental. Parker, Nanaimo; Geo Fritcb.
Ital ship X Ragglo, bangutnetti, Liverpool; G W
Me Near.
schr Glendale, Johnson, Champerlco; C D
Bunker & Co, , . -
\ sailed. ■■:':!-: s' 1 ;^
SATURDAY. May 9. .
U S stmr Oregon, Goodall, Santa Barbara Chan
nel.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmi Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, Grays Harbor.
' S:mr Corona, Hail. San Diego.
' Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
' stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld. Tacoma.
Strur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Navarro, Hard wick. Mendoclno.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Tillamook Bay.
Ship Oriental, Parker, .Nanaimo.
Mr ship Thistle, England, Hull.
Bark Gen Falrchlid, Brsnnan, Nanaimo.
Brig Luriine, Miller, Kahului.
Schr Oiga. Ipsen, Nlcolaefiki.
Belli Christina Steffens. Nordling.
Schr Mary ana Ida, Ristlne, Port Blakeley.
Schr Arthur I, Kroz, lversens Landing.
■ Schr Nettle Sundborp, Johnson, Mendoclno.
Schr Bender Brothers. Thompson, Fisks Mill.
Keturned. ■
SATURDAY. May 9.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, hence May 7, for Ya
quina Bay. Returned on account of striking a rock
May 8 oft Little River. Amount of damage not
known.
Charter*.
The bktn Irmgard loads mdse for Honolulu.
Telegraphic.
POINT IOBOS. -May 9-10. p. IL-Weathar
clear: wind N W; velocity 16 miles.
Spoken.
Apr 4— Lat 48 S, long 63 W, Br ship Cedarbank,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Apr 14— La 15 S, long 35 W, BrshlpErrol, frm
Cardiff, for Esquimalt.
April 23— Lat 40 N. long 14 W, Br ship Domin
ion, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Miscellaneous.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived May 9— stmr Czarina, fm
Pensacola, for San Francisco with boiler tubes
leaking.
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Alice Blanch
aM, hence Apr 7, for Portland.
SAN PEDHO— Arrived May B— Schr Penelope,
COOS BAY— Sailed May Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco. •
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 9-Stmr Alcazar,
hence Apr 8.
CASPAR— SaiIed May 9— Schr Maxim, . for San
FrSncisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 9— Bktn Addenda
from Honolulu, and anchored . opposite North
Cove. '
BOWENS LANDING-Arrived May 9-Schr
Monterey, from San Pedro. : ' . -■ - •
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 8-Schrs Gem
anil Orient, for San Francisco. May 9— Schr San
Buenaventura, for Redondo; schr Melancthon, for
San Francisco.
HUENEME-Arrived May 9-Schr Vesta, from
Port Blakeiey.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May ( 9-Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
COLON— Arrived May 7— Stmr Advance, from 1
New York.
LONDON— Sailed May 8-Brstmr Tess, for Vic
toria. • : 1 ;
SYDNEY— SaiIed May 4— Ger ship Christlne,for
San Francisco, via Newcastle, NSW.
BA sailed May 7— Br snip Auldglttb, for
Panama.
NEWCASTLE. ENG— Arrived May. 7-Br ship
Kate Thomas, from Portland. - - ....
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Apr 26— Br bark
Ear acourt, for Oregon: «r bark Carralale, for San
Diego. Apr 4— Br bark Bermuda, tor Pore Los
Angeles: bark Carondelet, for .Sun Francisco. Apr I
10— BrshlpDunsyre. for Port Los Angeles. Apr |
11— Br ship Jessomene, for San Diego. '■■
In port Apr 13— Br bark Carleton, for San Fran
cisco; Brshlp Cloncaird, for San Francisco; Br I
bark Clydesdale, for Oregon; Br ship Grassendale, '
for San Francisco; bark Highland Light, for Hono- |
lulu; Br shin Kelburn, for San Francisco; Br baric I
Kosclusko, for Honolulu: Haw bark Manna Ale,
for Honolulu; Br ship Port Caledonia, for San
Francisco; Br ship Rbuddlan Castle, for San Fran*.
Cisco; Br ship Sprlngburn, for san Francisco ; Br
ship Windermere, tor San Francisco:
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW — Br ship
Austrasia, for San 1 raiuisco: Br ship
Bracadale, for San Francisco; Ital ship Cavallere |
Ciampa, for San Francisco; ship Commodore, for 1
Honolulu: bark Dochra. for Oregon: Nlc bark !
Dominion, for San Francisco; Br ship Hattield. • |
for Oregon; Br ship ilalewood. for San Francisco; i
bark Harvester. Haw ship Jonn Ena, for San j
Francisco; schr Oceania Vance,' for Honolulu; Br I
bark Palmyra, Br ship Pendra;on Castle, for San
Francisco; Br ship P rt Logan, for San Diego; bktn
Robert Sudden, for Honolulu. , •
SYDNEY— In port Apr 13— Rr shin Afghanistan
Ger ship Christine, for San Francisco: Br ship
John Ena, via Newcastle, NSW, for San Fran
cisco: Br ship Laurision. via Newcastle, NSW. for
San Francisco: schr Oceania Vance, via New
castle, for San Francisco.
sail*-.! Mar 20— Bark Snow and Burgess, for San
Francisco. .
HONOLULU— Arrived. Apr 23— Brig Courtney
Ford, from Port Gamble; Br bark Doon. from
Liverpool; Br stmr Mount Lebanon, from Oregon.
Apr 25— Br ship Corolla, from Newcastle, NSW.
Apr 28— Bktn Amelia, from Port Blakeiey ; bark
Alden Besse, hence Apr 14; schr Robert Lowers
from Port Gamble.' May I— Bktn Kllkltac, from
Port Gamble. •
Sailed Apr 25-Blttn S (J Wilder, for San Fran
cisco: bktn Skaslt. for Port Gamble; Br stmr
Mount Lebanon, for Yokohama; bktn S G Wilder,
for San Francisco: senr Ethel Zatie, for Port
Townsend. Apr '27— Ship Roanoke, for New
York. Apr2»-Shlp C F Sargent, i.or Port An
geles: schr Esther Buhne, for San Francisco: bark
S C Allen, for San Francisco.
PORT ADELAIDE — Arrived Mar 'J9— Brship
Old Kensington from Port Blakeley; Br bark
Stanmore, from Tacoma.
Importation*.
COSMOPOHB— PerSunul-320 M ft lumber.
AbfTrteeu— l pkg mdse.
Hoquiam— 6 pk«s mdse, 1000 bdls grape snooks,
22 bdls cottonwood, 31 roils veneer, 430 ft lum
ber.
EAST SAN PEDRO- Per Eureka-40 i sks con
densed vegetables.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— l crts bicycles, Ics
honey, 1 sk beeswax. ,1
Hueneme— 7 pkgs mdse. \
Ventura— l sk beeswax. 1 bbl powder. 2 cs eges,
48 bxs lemons, 1 bx butler.
Santa Barbara— 8 bbls vilneral water. 1 sk dried
fruit. 6 bxs oranges, 2 bxs prunes, lwrencn, 44
sKsabalones. 4 bbls mineral water
Gavlota— l76 sks wool, 4 sks crawfish, 5 bxa but
ter. :
Port Harford— l4cs cheese-. 39 bxs butter. 18 cs
eggs, 23 bales wool, % cs bats, 1528 sks barley. 424
sks beans, 50 sks mustard, 365 sks bituminous
rock. 8 bxs Ms >.
Cayucos— l bx glassware, 1 crt bicycle frames, 1
pill hides. 1 bx wire coth. 6 cs esttrs". 1 tub 87 bxt
butter, 38 bales seaweed, Jo dressed calves, -j ska
abalones.
San Simeon— l firkin 6 tubs % bbl 64 bxs butter,
1 crt berries, 1 cs eggs. 1 bbl bottles, 5 dry hides 4
dressed calves.
Monterey— ' cs whisky. 1 bx marble slab*.
SYDNEY— Per Monowal— 22 cs household effects
60 is drug*. 354 ingots tin. 12 bxs glue pieces, 49
bxs furskins, 24 empty ammonia cylinders, 15
pkgs mdse.
Auckland— 4 csks pelts, 159 drums glycerin?,
150 a onions, 395 hides, 19 bales wool, 6 pkgs
mdse.' . .
Honolulu— 44 cs pineapples, 6876 bags sugar.
105 cs a d 1876 buchs bananas, 3 cs tomatoes, 9
pkgs mdse, 100 cs onions.
Consignee*. .
Per Sunol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co; A .1
Hall A Son; D N Miller: WiFl-nd Brewing; Co;
Weaton Basket & M Co; Frederlcksburg Brew
ery.
Per Eureka— CCPennellJt Co; Loeb & Fleish
man; Hoffman. Fleishman A Co: G H T Jackson;
E C Steams; Kosenb A Co: Murray Brov Pac
Coast Butchers' Supply Co: M Mansfield A Co:
Jonas Er. anger & Co; Price Baking Powder Co: C
A Parkin & Co; JDgllvacca Wive Co- A Pallles:
Allen A Lewis: AVetmoreßros: J 8 Smith & Co-.
Clifton A Co: Jones A Co; W W Montague A Co:
Tillmann & Bendel; J lvancovicn it Co; Plaskeh.
A Harris: Wheaton, Breon A Co: Christy A Wise;
TbOfl Dennlgan A Sous; American Union Fish Co:
W V Mitchell; F Cavaunaro: Martin. FeuslerACo;
H Dutard; Hllmer. Bredhoff AHchuli; Hills Bros:
J P Thomas; Wltzel dk Baker; Wilson A Baechtel;
Butler A »chutz: Dairymen's Union; Pacific coast
FlshCo; Slnshelmerßros; Brlgham, Hoppe A Co;
A Bacleaiupi: OB Smith A Co: Standard Oil Co:
LBinassl; Labor Exchange: W C Price & Co; O W
Alexander; Pacific Paving Co; Bissin^er A Co: J A
Wright: Miller, Sloss A Scott; Gets Bros A Co; A
Wys<: C X Whitney A Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co;
Marshall, Teggart A Co: De Bernardl A Co: G H
'lay >t Co; Kowalsky & Co; Western Meat Co: H
H Sattler A Co: W B Sumner& Co; S Brunswick
A Co: H Klrchmann A Co: H NTilden A Co; E H
Michaels: Meyerlleld, Mitchell & Co.
Per Monowai— Fargo A Co: Mrs E N An
drews: Geo Hermann: Dr Kingsbury; Greenhood,
Redington A Co; T Adams; Geo Myland; Wil
liams, Brown A Co: J D spreckels A Eros Co: Geo
Herman; W B Sumner A Co; II Craig: A L Tay
lor: Garcia & Magirlni : Baker A Hamilton: M 8
Grinbaum A Co; Eveleth A Nash ; Wetniore Bros;
O Hatiield; Williams, Dimond A Co; Lewis A Co;
L<: Sresovlch Co; L Scatena A Co; MD Ver
valls; J Ivancovich A Co; Hawaiian Commercial
and Sugar Co. , ■/■'
Fur Late Shipping [titflliiirnrr Set Fourteenth Page.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAII
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM J9hZ&^
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as ■&!*ltj»P
iollows:
For Mary Island. Lorin?. WrangeU Juneau, Kll-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), m » *. 11., May 14,
29. June 3, 1», 18. -/8. • ■
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO, Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
May 4, 9. 14, 19, M. j9. and . every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with)
the C. P. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. B^
at Seattle with G. N. Ky., at Pore Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata aad Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 a. m., May 1, 5. 9.
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
8, 7. 11, Ib, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m.. Mar 1. 5. 9. 13, 17, .21, 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsouada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba,
10 A. M.. May 6 : sir. Coos Bay. 10 a. m., May 13.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
(JOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agent*
10 Market su San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class t&O.OO
Second, doss &600
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PEBKINs'a-CO..
General A cent v :
ASTORIA AND PORTLANE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Eiateof California sails. .....May 3 and 11
Columbia sails...' ........May 8 and II
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X.
eUODALX* I'ERKLNS A CO, Genl. Hapts.
V. V. CONNOR, General Agent,
■ 630 Market str— t.
CO3IPAGSIE GENERAL TR 1 1 1 15T11|1 13
French Line to Harm.
pOM PAN PI ER(NE\V).42 NORTH j&ff\ m
V 1V 1 River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by i~*j££iC
I this line avoid both transit oy English railway a.i l
j tbe discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pan*.
nr.4i-ci&Bs *i»J0: second -claaa, *Ut>.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
May 19, 4A.X
LA TOUKAINE, Ca)>t. Santelli
May 2* Ba. «
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle
May 30. 4 A. it.
LA UOURUOU.NE. Capt, Lebieuf
lime 7 a. si
S3" For further particulars apply to
A. FOP.UE T. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
i ; J. F. FUG AZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, ban Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. _f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, _W HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, W 1 »r
• AUSTRALIA. S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, May 23, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. M 'NOWAI sails via HONOLULU an:
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 28;
\ ITInetoCOOIX>ARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
!8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKKLS A BROS. CO., Agts.. .
';■-.. 114 Montgomery St.
.. Freight Ofßcp. 327 Mnrket St., San Francisco.
!:; white mR urn
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
' • ' BETWKItS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING KVKKV WKKK.
CABIN, $60 AND V ACCORD- jßyri*
in? to steamer anil accommodations afifaiSt
selected; second cabin, 36 and *40; Maje*.ic «uU
Teutonic. steerage Tickets from Knglann. Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mai! Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 613 Market streeu
under Grand Hotel. g. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACIET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWALL /ML
fortnightly for tbe West Indies and iSiSiiS*
Southampton, calling en , route at Cerbour^n,
t France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
' Through bills of lading, in connection with tha
.fad tic Mall 8. 9. Co., Issued for freight and treat.
: un to direct ports In England and Germany.
' ■ Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 195: thlif
ITtT* 9*7 Ml For further particulars apply to
PARUOTT A CO., Agents,
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier t No. 3, Washington St..
At 5 F. M, Uailv. *
Steamer from Each End Sundays
*S- AccommoUations Reserved by Telephone.
STiIAMEKs:
T. C. Walker. ... J; D . Peters ' -
Mnry tiarratt, city of Stooktni.
Telephone MalnSOS. Cai. "lv and |?mpi £
FAiLEJO, MARE 'ISL.iID;*BE!ICII,' POST
COSTA All CROCKETT.
STR. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. »
and 4 p. v. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 f. m:
•4».H.0n1y.' Bun<lay - Bp - lt
Landing, Slissloa 1, Piar 4.
3132
SOME PECULIARITIES OF ENGLISH NEWSPAPERS,
BY "W. O. MORROW.
Possibly an American newspaper con
ducted on English lines would prove a?
grievous a failure as have all attempts to
introduce American newspaper methods
in London, but there is reason to doubt it
It is conceivable that the love of novelty
in America and the comparative absence
of that sentiment in England would wel
come a London-molded newspaper in this
country as a rich and pleasant diversion.
Let us imagine what a sensation would be
created by a newspaper which is content
with news a few days* old, and which does
not publish it until it is assured of its cor
rectness; which displays a total absence of
that greedy and hysterical hurry so char
acteristic of Americans; which has no
"scare heads" at all, and never resorts
to the practice of crowding the lirst
page with beginnings of thrilling news
stories broken at the bottom of a column
and carried over to some obscure part of
the paper, tnere to be hunted up
in an agony of impatience; which
in the presentation of its news shows a j
forthright purpose to instruct, a brutal di
rectness and sim jilicity of expression and a
total absence of that peculiarly American
and distinctively humorous practice of in
troducing what editors naively think are
"literary effects" in the presentation of
news, and which shows that in the or
dinary course of events the opinions of
trained specialists serving as editorial
writers are deerued far more important
and are more richly paid for than the
work of the ablest flash reporter in the
realm.
It is not likely that an American pub
lisher will soon appear with the shrewd
ness to discern in English journalistic
methods an opportunity to create a greater
sensation in this country than the hair
tearing, harrowing and tsoul- wearing meth
ods of those who think that thrill is the
beginning and the end of newspaper ethics.
A young American reporter niisjht sud
denly leap into fame and a high salary
by imitating the style of a London re
porter, merely by reason of tlw fact that
his work would be so novel. Unhappily,
American writers, particularly those for
the press, are getting further and further
away from those idioms which constitute
the true richness of the language ; and, as
Americans are insatiable readers, the evil
is taking a tierce hold on the whole body
of the people. It is not so in London.
English newspapers display the highest
elegance and finish in their editorial pages,
but the English reporters write the honest,
every -day language of the people, strong
and pure, and that is manifestly the only
kind suited to the presentation of news.
That idea is unknown in America. With
us the efforts to introduce in news those
grotesque qualities Known as "fine writ
ing" and "literary eftects" explain many
things constituting the weakness of our
method. If the English papers were any
less successful or influential than ours,
this violation of common-sense and good
taste on our part might be defensible.
Of course It is understood that this
criticism is not aimed at all American news
papers. There is here and there a con
spicuously meritorious paper that is not
offensively sensational and hysterical.
The New Yortc Sun and the San Francisco
Call are worthy examples of that class.
There is room for hope that their influence
is steadily working for the common good.
Being myself intensely American and
understanding that American journalism
is a perfect reflex of our people's tastes and
of our National temperament, and having
a certain affection for it as an incident of a
general condition not less admirable than
that observable in Great Britain, I feel
free to indulge in criticism' which 1 might
resent if it came from an Englishman.
As the language used by London report
ers is that of everyday life, it possesses a j
strength foreign to the diffuse and smooth j
writing of an American reporter. The
London reporter's English is none the less
good because it is direct and honest; it is
all the better for that.
Here is an illustration : In many Ameri
can morning papers it is the custom, in
narrating a happening of the previous
day, to obscure the adverb "yesterday"
by removing it as far at. possible from the
beginning of the opening statement This
often gives rise to curious blunders in syn
tax. The Englishman, recognizing the
plain fact that time is of the essence of
news, generally makes "yesterday" the
very fir9t word of the account. American
editors iiave a reason for not following that
sensible custom, but charity suggests that
it be not published here.
I have before me a single copy of a lead
ing London newspaper, and it is so ricn
in matter and suggestion that no trouble
is found in securing extracts with wlii( h
to illustrate the ideas here put forth.
Here is an item — style, head, punctuation
and all — disclosing a treatment radically
different from that which an American re
porter would have been required to give it :
A Nice Sos.— Lewis Parsons, seventeen, re
siding with his parents at 39, Millbank-street,
Westminster, was brought before Mr. Sheil on a
charge of violently assaulting his motner. —
Mrs. ¥ arsons, whose upper lip was much cut
and swollen, said at mid-day on Wednesday she
wiis sitting in her kitchen, when her son caught
up a couple of meat-bones and threw them at
her face. The jagged end of one struck her on
the upper lip, cutting it through to the teeth,
and the other also struck her face.— Mr. Sheil :
Has he ever done anything of this sort be
fore?— Prosecutrix repLied that some time ago
the lad kicked her on the knee, and she was
laid up for three months in consequence.—
Mr. Shell (to prisoner) : What have you to say
for behaving in this way to your mother?— The
boy merely said he was sorry, and was sen
tenced to twenty-one days' hard labour, his
worship promising him six months it he aj>
peared again.
Its peculiarities are numerous. Its great
compactness, lucidity and completeness
are the most conspicuous. Parsons is not
"aged seventeen" or "seventeen years old"
or "seventeen years of age" ; he is "seven
teen," and that is easily understood. The
whole of d dark, strong picture is drawn
■with perfect intelligence in a few hard,
bold lines perfectly suited to it. No silly
attempts at pathos and no useless efforts
at "description" are made. This little
paragraph is the quintessence of art. So
jealous is the paper of its precious space
that it uses a side heaa, and instead of
breaking the line for a paragraph, it em
ploys the dash. No useless quotation
marks are used, because the meaning is
unmistakable without them. The narra
tion of this incident is as simple, direct
and effective as the summary administra
tion of justice with which it closes.
In the following is material that would
serve an American newspaper with mate
rial for several columns:
Central Criminal Court.— On Monday the
April Sessions of this Court will commence,
and the business is not so heavy as was ex
pected, although there are several cases which
are expected to occupy considerable time.
There are forty-nine new charges for trial, in
respect of which about eighty prisoners have
been committed, but independent of these
cases there are several standing over from the
previous sessions. Seaman, who has been
charged with the Whitechapel murder, has
been committed upon the coroner's inquisi
tion, but as the magisterial inquiry is not com
plete the crs2 will not be ready for trial this
sessions. There is but one other charge of
murder — a child murder case. The eight
judges' eases include the masked burglars'
charge from Lewisham. The Lord Chief Jus
tice, Mr. Justice Day, and Mr. Justice Grant
bam are on the rota to attend.
Really the best reporting In American
newspapers is done by commercial report
ers. Even they, however, must lay aside
their crisp and intelligent conciseness
when the market feels a flurry, and then
they launch into "literary effects," as
though it were possible for an educated
mind to imagine any connection between
literature and news of any kind. Excel
lent as is the American commercial re
porter's ordinary work, it is rarely that
be produces so exquisite a gem in English
as the following :
A Reuters telegram, dated Berlin, states
that the Money Market to-aav showed a hard
ening tendency. Liiscount bills were offered
to a large extent, while discount noun's ob
served a certain hesitation. Notwithstand
ing, stocks exhibited strength, especially
Italians, ?or which a sanguine spirit was en
tertained. Local stocks were very well main
tained. The closing was firm all round.
Still another order of reporting is found
in the sporting columns of the English
paper. Here is a specimen :
Cricket Match at Kingston.— An amusing
cricket match was played yesterday afternoon
on Thames " Ditton village green, between a
team of Surrey cricketers, captained by Rich
ardson, and twelve comic entertainers. The
weather was cold, but there was a large attend
ance of spectators, and the Band of the 3d and
4th Battalions of the East Surrey Regiment
played selections of music. Richardson's
team won by fifty-five runs, having obtained
iot». The match was for the benefit of the
local Cottage Hospital.
Such expressions as "attendance of spec
tators" and "the band *.* * played
selections of music" would look odd in an
American newspaper, but besides being in
teresting on the score of . quaintness, they
are better English than one might suppose
from a glance.
Here is an extract from a report of some
horse races. Only so much is quoted as
serves to exhibit the style, but the whole
account is not 1 a quarter as . long as an
American paper would have made it:
A deal of rain fell in Northampton during
yesterday morning, but this did not impair the
i going at the Northampton meeting. The after
noon, though dull and threatening at times, re
mained fine, and the company was an excellent
one in all departments. The proceedings were
ushered in with the Pytchley Welter Handicap,
which only attracted a quartette to the post, and
of these Ilornpool was installed favourite, but
cut up in very disappointing fashion, Bevil
scoring a popular victory in the Rothscnild
colours. Chevern, Sable, and Daily Bread were
the absentees of the eleven entered for the Castle
Plate, for which the Lincoln winner, Watch
Tower, settled down an equal favourite with
I Diplomatic, and won cleverly, but Dulled up
! lame, being afterwards purchased at auction
by Arthur Nighliugall lor 250 guineas. A big
! entry for the Althorp Park Stake* only yielded
three runners, and of these Pastoral, who ran
1 prominently in : the Brocklesby Stakes, won
! easily. The Earl Spencer's Plate came next.
I and this attracted a field of thirteen to the
; post, of whom Bethisy had the call in the
wagering throughout, with Seaport and Propo
sition next in demand. There was a tiresome
delay owing to the reported bolting of Queen
of the Chase, the race eventually being started
without her. Bethisy failed to get placed, but
Proposition, an own sister to Euclid, won
easily.
The records of time are given in an ap
pended table. The compactness of the
foregoing account is as charming as the
simplicity of the language employed.
A seemingly inexplicable American in
consistency is the mad hurry of the people
on one hand and their greedy demand for
enormous newspapers and dilute news on
: the other. It would seem that an Eng
lishman, who is never in a hurry and has
abundant leisure, would be the one to de
| mand that sore of journalism. Perhaps
jan explanation of the American re
quirement is the fact that an issue
;of a newspaper contains only one or
j a few matters of news that a sub
i scriber cares to read, and that he wants
them presented as fully as possible. Hence
the American paper must present full re
ports on all subjects in order to meet the
requirements of ail classes of readers. If
i this be the explanation we must infer
, either that Englishmen read newspapers
| less than Americans or that they read as
I much and thus acquire a wider range of
j information. 'Whichever of these views
j may be taken, it is evident that the Amer
ican plan tends to compel American read
ers to pursue very limited lines of reading.
! This is a misfortune. A few papers, the
San Francisco Call among them, obviate
this evil by maintaining a special depart
ment presenting all the local news in
I short paragraphs, the fuller reports appear-
I ing in other parts of the paper.
At .Sutro Baths To-l>ay.
To-day the survivors of the burned ship Re
public will appear at Sutro Baths and give a
perfect reproduction of the destruction of their
vessel and their heroic rescue by the ship Hol
linwood. The exciting scenes of the ten days
; ami nights previous to the destruction vi tne
! iU-iated bhip will be vividly represented. The
: Republic will be shown all on fire and the rei>-
I cuing vessel standing by ready to relieve the
1 unfortunate men.
There will also be a concert by Cassasa's
Band the whole afternoon.
Lecture at Ceiitral Church.
Special seats will be reserved for children
and young people this morning at Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh, the occasion being
an illustrated lecture by Dr. Coiburn espe
cially adapted to the young.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE,
Programme of Events at the
Grand Council Session at
Haywards.
Reception of the Delegates— Services at
the Church — Sermon by Rev.
Father Yorke— Parade.
T, he Twelfth Grand Council of the Young
Men's Institute will be held in Haywards
during the week, commencing on the 18th
inst.
On Monday the delegates will be received
by a reception committee at the Villa
Hotel, and will be assigned to the quar
ters they will occupy during the session.
In the evening there will be a grand open
air concert given by the Oakland concert
band of sixteen pieces
Tuesday morning at 9 o'clock the dele
gates and members of the Institute will
assemble at Native Sons' Hall and march
to church, where high mass will be cele
brated at 10 o'clock and a sermon will be
preached by the Rev. Father Peter C.
Yorke. The choral music will be by the
Valerga family and the orchestral music
by the Oakland concert band. At the con
clusion of the service the delegates and
members will form in line again and
marcn to Native Sons' Hall.
In the afternoon Grand President Lynch
will call tne Grand Council to order and
proceed to business.
In the evening the delegates and mem
bers will be tendered a grand ball by
Golden State Council, Y. M. 1., No. 115.
Invitations have been limited to 3000.
Wednesday there will be a grand parade
of institutes from all the councils in
California.
In the afternoon there will be a dance
in Native Sons' Hall.
In the evening there will be a high
jinks in honor of the delegates, and for
thiß lirst-class talent has been secured.
Every number will be a feature.
On Thursday there will be a session of
the Grand Council. In the afternoon there
will be an open-air concert by tbe Oakland
band, and in the evening there will be a
grand banquet in the Villa Hotel.
Friday there will be a concert in the
afternoon and a dance in the evening.
The committee of arrangements is com
posed of the following named : F. B. Hoo
son, chairman; F. S. Terry, secretary; J.
E. Crooks, treasurer; Dr. A. J. Powell,
John Obermulier, Thomas Silva, R. Li
guori, G. S. Langan, William Pimentel,
F. Burbridge, M. Kerwin, A. De Camp, H.
Garcia, J. J. McDonnell. A. V. Morgan, C.
W. Hever, J. E. Geary, Ed Haas, Ed
Green, William Pann. W. J. Ramage, S.
Simons, R. Reid, P. H. Hoare, W. Zam
bresky, Bert Rose, R. T. Lewis, George A.
Oakes.
The cnairmen of the various other com
mittees are: Parade, John Geary; deco
ration, John Haar; music, F. B. Hooson;
hall, Dr. A. J. Powell; press, F. B. Hoo
son; hotels, F. B. Hoosop; banquet, R.
Reid; finance, J. E. Crooks; ball, W. Zam
bresKy: reception, R. Liguori; floor, J. li.
Rose; floor manager. Frank S. Terry.
The colors of badges will be: For grand
officers, white; for delegates, pink; and
for the committee of arrangements, Kile
green.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 10, 1896.
' ' NEW TO-DAY. ' ..'*,'■■. .-, ,-, r,^n^-^^^^^^Jln.^-MT^^owuT-^^
X \^ ■ JUIJiBE US BY WHAT WERE DOING. H ALE BROS SPECIAL PRICES FOR THIS WEEK. X
X .d^£^H§!glrg^u Wff^L>~ Judge us by the continual crowd of buyers. *liV 1— *—^ L/IVV/k^t _ : :, v Cf
jrK dffiyffiife&J^^SS^^. llU&sf *v Judge us by the Dry Goods you see that your (INCORPORATED) — rr. r — ; : ■ £%
V //yWi/M/n J/MKA J\ friends and neighbors have bought. Judge us (INMiKKUKAituj, . worth three times our %M
I . mm Sjjjl§|^f^ 8.-SJT&a'TRS&.Sr' >° 937. 939. 94-. 943. 945 Market st. k..,,,,,.* ||M £%£ s £ I
V f /«*■ • t ' £ What bas been sold re*- \f
A / S In\ *^i f* Ct O I ularly for 12i 2 c. pretty QIC £X
J _S /l|\ ■ [ _T II \~. L,. BC\ \ Zepfcyr Scotch plaids in all colors. O3 \f
f\. S <^WV 1 f\\ ml m Oingfiamß. Our C-singham offerings are Yard.
fc f^ l^fe^_ (\ l\«^^. .^^ I \\\ especially strong this week _*^
ATCTimmm ■ , |fc *~< VMB i > /ill 4Z r% 1 >-v-£ / i 16c imh (or % lew.
•>?/• / f£* s^^\v^^^B&fifefcJ'*\li V "^k, .^^^ /ill A^dlC (IS I Crash That's what we are ROinif "I AC *£
/ fff V VSV^^^Lw 1 Va \ \^. .^^^ /Mil A-^Cllv V/l J Trash to sell unbleached, all IAC •■
*t* I Iff \i 1\ - 'n > Vii him ■ ~~*^ //Sit -•."• , f Toweling, linen, 20 inches wide and lv -»
™ Vill X\l v^SBHLV 1 I |H^\V!«S==s^ //Ik f •■— • * • * I an excellent absorbent. Yard, TJ~
*■«■ • \^\FfSsM&3L£# /■// Embroidery / %*&&&— *
•-T-- "*y \\\\ I Mi. I Wi^^i^^M . ■ / ■••••■ '■ V Baby e<l s e, in all pretty light col- IAC ••:•-
•>♦* X . \\|\ ] Jgf\ I WW^^ix^^^?*?-* / It A rt-m J A Ribbon. ors desirable for fancy X\J f
\ V) 1 ( M\\ WT / / / f\ fl f\ \ wort, 10 yards to the bolt. Bolt.
*.t* MF \ I * \ ■ s Crrr^^'^ f M / Ilk. 1 iVi Very special _
/I'm m M / 1 ;^ ne tnd lnat cleans <!
M« » -^ \ y y / ■» m * • Bouquet Toilet i*oap. X "J AC M 9
-"'• \/ iw»~<V^'m. / X / l\f\ •* -i Cy\ 1 #"^ a Toilet cakes in a pretty colored J-U ■Jr-
aJU xXk^k V^k y . r y /fI I I lIF m Soap. box, niceiy wrapped. This Box. «JU
3 Jfc r \| y \ A y 1 S *• ' m«*»A^ A*** m !Is our bazaar leader '3JC*
ffyp y S m \ *' ents> Black Cotton Sox, | +$+
fit f/n*. ■ ***^ ', S '>T^ ' . • llflit (* f*YJL/^*£l I* ■ M high - spliced heels y and ICC fim
* § I J^^ • y X /v^ W llVlvl Tv VVll • # Gents' double toes. You'd pay XO 3 + r
fA* m Iff I^W^ ,^^^ m Sox. 1 25 c for them regular. This Pair, a^
I \^^^^^^ V_^V >^^ m 1 Is' » special weeK of special!
1 fit* ■ / r I\ 1 I l\ \\l *L^' *'" If ' Infants' sleeves with one ruflle.'lace OCC *t/»
"*.« • m \\-\\\-\\\ |IB ITV\ ''- ""'■' • ""K^. '"'i l"' 1 Dresses. , trimmed, as cunning as —*J -* r
| ffo m I It 111 11 m \ V '^.' ~~ «^ w^ m^^^^^ \ baby mice. Special j Kach. .JU
m ' \ Ik II \^^~. '• Reduced from 25c, extra
ff* | ' J l "'*"" fJ |\ ■ % mmm^^^m.m..~r^^^^^^^^^^ \^ j ■ ■. larjce, 26x42 "inches, hem- 17© f>]>%
' • I T Iluck iii' ii colored borders, the X I ■•"
( •j^ '"''{'. i'^'^i 1 * ■' ' ' Towels. I most desirable Towel In . Each,
-*■ ' .:...■■ s. I\'". Very special ■ 5 -^'
* THE MUSLIN UNDERWEAR LIST. THE EMBROIDERY OCCASION. WASH GOODS. DRESS GOODS. ■■ ■ rls-^T 'f
*J* . ' • ■■■ . : ■ • back and front, 4- ply all- QQC jJbi
J. LADIES 1 MrsLIX GOWNS, good heavy SWISS AND CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY " -,««,„„.„„ -" • . . Gents' .' linen bosoms: f>Oc is regu- «Jt7 I
M 4 quality, large sailor collar, cambric KDGK. new open-worked patterns and 80MESWKLI. NEW SHIRTING. ALL-WOOL - CHECK SUITINGS, Shirts. lar. ' and the tightest- Each. j*c
• ruffle with Valenciennes lace edge on pretty designs, from 'I to 6 inches wide. This stuff will wash like a towel, 33 baches wide, the 25c kind. Soe- IXC ! squeezed special in the lot I*
i £,11 collar and sleeves, good value at 75c. ' Kmbroldery sale prices, per yard, 7 V^c, CC '40 styles in light shades, the thing cial price this week, per yard.... XV makes them j-iv
•• Our special Muslin Underwear sale CAC 6 Vie anu... ' ........ 0 «or shirt waists, 36 inches wide. "I AC . ;. u^.;-: -  — — nm ' atn a, 1 : "i*
' iti price each . 0" * •--•;••• , . ', -V Our price per yard..... ' X.\J . • I At some stores these at ■ •
*f* price, eacu :y."/.  ivn FMRHniMRY l.rvo • - , . FANCY CHECK CHbVIOTS AND 75c would be special, but £»£
LE LAMER' MUSLIN AND FINK CAM- ZnLnt L.iw,« rtm I to 1™ HEAVY TWILL JIIXTUKES, this isn't an ordinary store ***
i>,)i BRIC GOWNS, several styles, very incheV^lde APA P very social nri?« >,£ CAME IN YKBTERDAY-A swell . 85 Inches wide and all wool, the Kid nor an ordinary week. /fQC^
J. haodsomely trimmed with white and Kn hmin.^ «1« Jr «rd vLIn« I or assortment of new shlninics. linen, 40c kind. Special this week, per O'C Gloves. There are 4 large buttons %V *•*
£& colored embroidery; were *2 and $3 the Kmbrotdery sale per yard. Value OC Dresden and coral effects, dots. • yard;.....:. — O ,- I and -stitched back, Pair. j*t
• each; slightly soiled. Our special price © .OO «.«uwa. *"■ stripes, figures, checks and novel- ■■•; .-\ ■, all colors sizes. A very *|*
;*s* for this sale. IS,1 S , each_. &I— SW i S s AND CAMBRIC EDGE EMBROI- InTown! "per yard^' l2l° FANCY MIXED CHEVIOTS, 36 i " special 5pecia1...... ...-.;... I ■ y
,i, LADIES' PRINCESS GOWKS, made of UK HY, from 4to 7 laches wide, worth * '*. * inches wide, all wool and all col- ••-•■"• 7 | For school, tancy colored •
*§<* tine muslin, all-over embroidery trim- double our asking. Special Embroidery QIC / .7 ore, 4 styles, the 50c kind. Spe- OCC Children's borders, hemmed. Send OCC iii
.!. ni»'d yoke, large collar with cambric . : sale prices, 12^c, 1O: and O3 BATISTE BRODEE, the newest cial this week, per yard OU Hnmlker- the children in. They'll ~O w m
' Ski ruffle edge, big sleeves with camhnc -• / — . thing In the dimity family, a little '-■•<. chiefs. receive thesame attention. Dozen, **»
! • rullle on cuffs; regular »1 quality. SWISS EMBROIDERED EDGE, an excep- heavier than adlmity, small raised  Special for this week only. *T*
i£i special Muslin Underwear sale price, 7 EC tlonal value, very elaborate designs, spiral cord, swell effects. Our 1 OIC IMPORTED GERMAN NOVELTY — — — ■ -. — —f- s *c
. *T* each 10 from 7to 10 inches wide, all new, worth price per yard 1Z» SUITINGS, 38 inch, all wool, Regular *1 kind, Lisle £*4
.-1-. , ,^,,1.^, "i . ». . from 60c to 75c per yard. Very special OAC • very swell styles. Special this PAC thread,. I* ft., £1. 5.,- Swiss Cnv •
*f« LADIES 1 SKIRTS, made of good heavy Kmbroldery sale price peryard 26c and 20 week, peryard. . D\) tadies' ribbed, fancy crochet neck O\J A
: • muslin, 4 tucks with 5-inch embroidery r-uiuroiuer> sale price, per yara, zoc ana ~v - a NEW THlNG— Seems to belong to peryniu..... vv Vesta. and front, in pink and Each. *f*
'■*? S2SA2^«SS£ r w2£3K^. 50 C WHITE BWIM^AXtOVKRKMBROIj ■ g^undra^V-d'^'and l^- FANCY TWO-TONED SXTITING. sSSES <]*'
4* LADlES' SKlRT.S,ma^Fextrannemns- - %£U£t£ffi£S%l£LB£.- I #S}\ clunty'co^rsfen^and', o^' ' ' r^^w^^n'SiC^iS * C It^K.S?SS,&SWS: *L
, ' derwear sale price, each * O v • * -T ■ yarn. This is aleadingdel- Each, *T*
'■■ *fa TAnnrw MTinriM "nuAWiena arm * BROWN GRASS CLOTH, embroidered ■•.-,?. — :—: — .•: FANCY CHANGEABLE SURAH i-(?ate from"Bargainapolis- ,* c
L ■"SSAV^ta^^bo.SS Sl^^M^^f/'ip^fiSSSfiS N^^ o c?,,ed^Tr^ A Bar E onn^■?h c w^^s a t| m^Mu n a!it; 2 , 4t4 to n c?or 9 -C : E.egantvalueat^for f
§ U JSgfi tuV^l^K BWIBB embroide-rT-flouncing. i an^aTerreT Mbe^ -ire ""SEE fIS £*£*££ P ; S * SsS^SS X
J\ embroidery ruffle on bottom. Special QAC very elaborate, 42 inches wide. Special Our price per yard .' 10 heavy, best $125 quality, to i tan anu navy, very special **
%# sale price, per pair OU Kmbroldery sale price, per yard, $1 50, CAC , close out this week. Special rrc i Worth *5 at a clearance! • #V
A LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, the re*u- »*»•*• **»«•— *>" LfNON . O RGANDIE. a swell linen price, per yard. I^. tO if^^^^'W X
Jf lur 60c quality extra tine muslin. « BROWN GRASS CLOTH. 40 inches wide, effect-dainty lacestripes. Li.«-ns FANCY CHANGEABLE SILK- Separate throughout with ri'«tio'^r»-K V
#t tucks with 2V<i-lnch embroidery raffle . embroidered in all colors. Special Em- are fashionable this year and here =--, You can have your choice of Skirts percaline bound with v I- 1 S.i" B X.
V on bottom. Special price for this sale Ore broideiy sale prices, per yard, *1 35. CAC Is,one of the favorites. Our price OAC several lines of the $175 and s>*irt«. vlf binding I'M* nehes #
£% only, per pair. OO 90c and V. 0U peryard 1\) $2 50 grades. 22 inches wide.©!. no long. Our pricVlsforMon- X
IT LADIES' CLOAKS, WRAPS, CAPES AND JACKETS. ' Very special this week, per yard. 1 day and Tuesday 0n1y.... j %9
O 25 LADIES' JACKETS. In tan ■20 LADIES' VELVET CAPES. |35 LADIKS' TAN JACKETS' TAILOR-MADE SUITINGS, mem- EXTRA HEAVY BUCK GROS- I The greatest value of - J\
Jt covert cloth, buttons on side, 18 Inches long, jet embroi- velvet collar, % silk lined, bers of the duck tribe, novelty de- GRAIN SILK 24 Inch no such them all, worth at any sale \ff
%M hich collar, ripple back, sizes i dered all over, ribbon ruche ripple back, sites 34 to 40. signs and very exclusive, 2 8 inches value ever seen in this city qual- $ lo t in fancy mixtures,- M%.
]£. 3-'lo.HB. Ourprice.. fr'j.rtO around neck, lined with fancy Oar price. C&A-OO - wide, a "96 novelty. Our price 1 OIC ltv and dye gnaranteed the best' Jackets lined with fancy %#
O , O* silk. Ourprice ©7-OO OO peryard ;;y.-.;. J-- 'A a "revelation to silk-buyers. Very ©1 .00 xJf , si;K " skirt 5 yards wide . #4.
Jt . «3P • ;.-; special this week, per yard....... <Jbl Ladies and lined with rustle p.-r-<j* 7.50 *#
S3 _ _ ,„ , ,^ • DOTTED SWISSES.sweII stuff, June . • > Suits. caiine and bound iilllwpl J&i
Jf 30 LADIES' CLOTH SINGLE 50 1 LADIES' CLOTH SEPA- 50 LADIES* DOUBLE CLOTH '96 novelties, big assortment for BLACK PEATJ DE SOIE. extra around bottom with vel- Suit. €#
d CAPES, braiding on collar and RATE SKIRTS, in black and 1 CAI'ES, In tan covert cloth, graduation drosses. See our win- heavy, all pure silk, 20 Inches vet een, blazer and double- jK
W^ around shoulder, In tan only. bine, very durable and han* , velvet collar, 18 inches long. cow and buy your dress while the v~  wide, best dye and finish, to be ■ : breasted effects, sires 83 €%
£^ -JO Inches, long. Our ©»>.50 beautifully. Our QO.OO , Ourprice. 00.50 assortment is at Us zenith. Price IAC closed oat this week. Special dM OO t0 40 - Tnis P rice is iQ r. JT
.\r.:i price <lD«-» price O-J j «fl>^- — , . from 46c to IV price, per yard.......... ....3)1 j Monday and Tuesday only , f%
SOME COMMON EQUINE AILMENTS.
Miss Russell Treats in a Lucid Way Many of the
Diseases of the Hoof,
We considered last week some maladies
that affect the ankle joints of horses. To
day we will consider those that attack the
hoofs and feet. These are many and,
usually, serious, for the old saying is a
true one, "No feet, no horse." A horse
with one lame foot is as useless as one
with no feet at all, and as most of the
troubles with equine feet are insidious in
tneir beginning, if is well to be able to de
tect them in their earliest stages, when
they are easiest of remedy. The driver
who is unable to tell when his horse is
going square and true, with each foot
doing its share of work, ought not to be
intrusted with the care of an animal.
This point cannot be too strongly empha
sized. Some horses "hitch" in their gait
when pushed beyond the rate of speed at
THIS HORSE HAS SOMETHING THE MATTER WITH ONE Op HIS FEET,
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
which they can comfortably travel, but as
a general thing any irregularity of pace
when a horse is traveling should cause at
tention to be attracted to his feet.
In particular the feet of our San Fran
cisco horses should be systematically
looked to, for our pavements are enough
to cause disease in the soundest feet. They
are particularly productive of corns, which,
in a horse's foot, are not tbe same thing
that cause so much suffering to the human
race. The foot of a horse is the seat of in
numerable minute blood vessels that, un
der strain, are very liable to rupture.
When one does this a "corn" is the result
and appears as a small, reddish and very
sensitive spot in the sole of the foot and
under the shoe. The horse limps quickly
and sharply under these circumstances,
and the corn should be attended to. A
good many blacksmiths will recommend
bar-shoes as a remedy for this difficulty,
but if the horse-owner is wise and does not
desire to drive an animal with contracted
hoofs he will shun this device, for it is fu
tile to cure the corn and is productive of
much mischief.
Bad shoeing, as well as hard driving and
rough roads, is a frequent cause of corns.
Close paring and careless rasping of
the hoof, an unevenly set shoe or a
shoe allowed to remain too long on the
foot wil! produce this difficulty. The
horse inclined to it should be shod with
periplantar shoes with tips or else with
three-quarter shoes, and in no case should
the frog ever be pared in. shoeing. In
fact the shoeing should be such as will
let the whole of the frog come upon the
ground, in some cases this is not possi
ble, but as a general thing it is feasible.
The most smiths will insist that it is not.
In any event tbe horse snould be shod so
that no pressure comes on the heel where
the corn usually appears. Besides receiv
ing proper shoeing the animal p.hould be
given medical treatment with a view to
toning up the vascular system. Arnica
anil bryonia are both good remedies for
this purpose and external application of
the tincture of arnica to the seat of the
difficulty will relieve the pain and even
lessen the tendency to corns. lithe ani
mal i« where he can conveniently be per
mitted to go barefoot during treatment so
much the better.
Quittor is a painful and serious trouble
that often results from a neglected corn or
from puncture in shoeing, or from some
other cause. It is a burrowing abscess,
which works its way up toward the coro
net. I have known a quittor to be caused
by a bit of gravel getting into a nail-hole
left from a previous shoeing, working up
into the hoof and setting up suppuration.
If the trouble is discovered before suppur
ation actually begins tincture of arnica,
one part, to four of water, used frequently
to bathe the wounded part will usually
affect a cure in a few days. The shoe
should be taken off and the animal not
worked. If there is laceration of the soft
parts, as sometimes occurs when the
trouble is the result of a wound, calendula
lotion will be found better than arnica.
It should be used in tbe same manner.
If suppuration has set in the wound
must be opened from below. If caused by a
nail or from a corn the sole should be pßred
and the horn of the wall rasped away so
as to relieve pressure. Hot fomentations
to the foot and a generous poultice should
be applied, and when the abscess is open
it should be thoroughly cleansed daily
with a strong solution of crude carbolic
acid. Be sure that this is made to penetrate
the entire length of the wound, which
will, in many cases, be the full depth of
the hoof. A plug of absorbent cotton
The Sole. Side View.
Periplantar Shoeing.
saturated in the solution and passed
through the opening by means of a probe
is the most effectual method of cleansing.
If the trouble is very serious it is highly
desirable to summon a veterinary sur
geon, if one is to be had. but otherwise, if
you wish to save your horse to usefulness,
the measure taken must be energetically
and faithfully persevered in, and the shoe
should not be replaced for a long time,
and then with great caution.
Wounds of the frog and sole of the foot
by stones, glass or sharp instruments, will
usually need to be pared out by a black
smith. If they bleed, they should be
padded with tow, and on general princi
ples, if a horse's hoof is punctured and no
other remedy is at hand, it is a good thing
to apply turpentine freely aud frequently.
Sometimes this is all that is necessary.
Thrush is a trouble often seen among
our heavy horses. It is generally caused
by stable carelessness, as when the horse
is allowed to stand in a dirty stall, or in
moist litter. It does not usually cause
lameness, but there is an unpleasant dis
charge from the cleft of the frog, and the
cleft deepens and looks like a crack. In
time the disease advances until it becomes
canker, when it is very stubborn and can
only be cured by skilled professional treat
ment.
With a little reasonable care, however,
and common observation on the part of the
horse's owner, the trouble, even if once al
lowed to begin, should never reach this
stage. Strong carbolic lotion is the best
remedy. It should be used three times a
day and the stall kept perfectly clean. The
disease is almost always caused by filth in
the stall and neglect to keep the animal's
feet clean. It most frequently attacks the
hind feet. If there is lameness, as some
times does occur, hot fomentations and
charcoal poultices should he used. As a
preventive, the hoof should be kept dry as
possible, the frogs left intact in shoeing,
and, if feasible, the walls of the hoof low
ered a little to bring extra pressure on the
frog. In any «-vent thinner shoes should
be used until a cure is effected.
Sand-crack is n trouble very easily pro
duced by the violent exertion required of
San Francisco horses, both in pulling and
in holding back, on our steep hills. It
may occur quite suddenly. It commences
at the upper part of the hoof and extends
down. Then it penetrates inward to the
sensitive hoof, causing great pain and
marked lameness. Theshoe should be re
moved at once and the. horn rasped away
from the crack, to relieve pressure. Then
soak in warm water and poultice. If
lameness continues a veterinary should be
consulted, as it is likely there is suppura
tion, but otherwise the case may be easily
treated by an amateur. The wound
should be dressed with some antiseptic
dressing, retained by a bandaee. In time
the part will harden, when the shoe
may be put on and gentle exercises
given. In reshoeing, a portion of the
wall below the crack should be rasped
down to relieve pressure of the shoe and a
notch should be burned above the crack.
This, with a sharp blister applied to the
coronet, will expedite the growth of new
horn. Cantharides ointment is a con
venient and efficacious application for thu
blister. If the horse is worked at all the
crack should be protected with a covering
of tar and tow strongly and firmly held by
straps about the hoof.
There are other affections of the feet of
horses which are seen every day on our
streets and roads, but they are such as are
the result of disease and troubles that can
only be treated by a veterinary, and which
usually render a horse permanently un
sound, even when he is able to do a small
amount of work. These I have not touched
upon, as I have aimed only to speak of
such defects and diseases as can be over
come in the everyday treatment of the
animal. Of these latter a common and
noticeable one is contracted hoofs. This
is sometimes natural to the horse's con
formation, in which case it does no
harm, but foul litter, excessive feeding,
irregular exercise and faulty shoeine
are among the causes of the diffi
culty when it occurs in horses with
naturally healthy feet. The first symp
toms are shuffling of the feet when in
motion. If a horse suddenly takes to
A Wonderful Kansas Steer. It Is Said if He Keeps on Growing Till He is 8 Year* Old
He Will Be as Big as an Elephant.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
stumbling, who has heretofore, been sure
footed, - look to his feet. There will be
noticed narrowing of the heel in one or I
both forefeet, especially of the inner heel, 1 j
Sometimes the sole will appear hollow and
contracted and the foot is pinched until
the interstices on either side of the frog
have appeared. The horse stands with
one forefoot in advance of the other shift
ing from time to time, if both feet are
affected.
If possible, the animal should be left
barefooted for a wliile. Otherwise the
shoes should be carefully adapted to the
r!^ pen^ ntar v Bboein R the best
remedy. The shoes should be frequently
cnauged, the forefeet * kept soft ' by the
occasional applications of oil or spelteriue
and the animal eiven regular exercise
with a moderate diet. • •
Wants Some Delay.
Louis Duprat is suing to have the Kehrlein
Opera Company restrained from purchasing a
lot on Howard and Sixth streets on which to
erect a $79,000 opera-house. He saya ip bis
complaint that the idea was to contract no ex
penses until $60,000 worth of tbe stock had
been subscribed. He wants the court there
fore to compel a delay. The plan was to pay
iWO.OOO in stock to the owner of the lot, Emil
Kehrlein, and to mortgage the property for
the remainder.
IT IS A MONSTER,
A Steer Which Promises to Grow
to the Size of an Elephant.
WICHITA, Ka.\s., May 6.— A monster
steer which is owned by Charles Payne, a
dealer iD wild animals and curious, is at
tracting the attention of the curious in
this part of the country. Mr. Payne came
into possession of the animal, now 3 years
old, about six months ago. Its growth
since that time has been phenomenal, and
the question is asked Mr. Payne many
times a day, "When is it ever going to
stop growing?" The steer is now six feet
and four inches high and eleven feet long,
or seventeen feet long counting from the
,tip of its tail. It weighed only 1800
pounds three months ago. Its present
weight is 2300 pounds, and if it continues
to grow as it has in the past six months it
will some day be as big as a full-grown ele
phant.
Cattlemen pronounpe it one of the great
est freaks known in the stock line. They
say it will continue to grow until it is
seven or eight years old, and that when it
■is fully grown, it will have attained a
weight of from 4000 to 6000 pounds. The
giant is perfectly symmetrical in its devel
opment, and is colored and marked like a
Jersey. Mr. Payne has not offered it for
sale, and says he intends to wait and see
how bie it gets.
Only one other such freak has been
known, and that was the famous "Kansas
Queen," a very large heifer that was shown
around the country as a side show atttac
tion. and was purchased by Adam For
paugh for |5000. It had previously netted
its owner a protit of $13,000.
Respite for Thompson.
"Kid" Thompson, the train-wrecker, will not
be hanged on May 22, the date set by his last
sentence. Chief Justice Beatty has granted a
writ ot probable cause, staying the execution
of the judgment until further order of the
court. There is another appeal pending, hence
the stay. Thompson appealed both from the
judgment and from an order denying a new
trial. The judgment was affirmed, and the
Supreme Court holds that the lower court nas
no jurisdiction until the second appeal ha«
been decided.
Caught in the Act.
Thomas Dudy and J. J. Maloney, ex-convicts,
were- arrested early yesterday morning by
Policeman W. M. ' Ross 'and' Special Officer
Guilfoyle while : going through the rooms in
the King House on Fourth and Howard streets.
They were booked on the charge of burglary.
; "'- — '_'■.''»* •;•_"
The American tourist invasion of Great
Britain has commenced. : '