VOLUME LXXX.- NO. 23.
ILLINOIS DEMOCRATS GATHER
State Issues Overlooked in
the Great Presidential
Struggle.
SENATOR TELLER FINDS
FAVOR.
But Leaders May Head Off the
Boom With a Platform
Favoring Silver.
BOIES MEN ARE VERY ACTIVE
AND SANGUINE.
Governor Altgeld Will Control The
Convention, However, and Dic
tate All Action.
PEORIA, 111., June 22.— Perhaps the
most significant feature of the gathering
of the Democratic clans for to-morrow's
State Convention is the strong under
current of sentiment in favor of the
indorsement of Senator Teller a3 a Presi
dential candidate upon an out anil out free
coinage platform by the National Con
vention at Chicago. Sizzling and swelter
ing under a thermometer that reached
and passed the century mark, the as
sembled hosts debated this point pro and
con to the exclusion of the merits of candi
dates for the State ticket and other de
tails usually assigned to first con
sideration.
There is no question that were a Teller
resolution introduced to-morrow it would
receive the support of quite a respectable
following, but the suggestion is
antagonized by the Altgeld machine, and
as a consequence it is not likely to be
heard of on the floor. During the day
"Secretary of State Hinrichson, the or
ganizing lieutenant of Governor Altgeld,
was visited at his quarters by a large num
ber of delegates in sympathy with the
Colorado Senator and his following, and
who argued with more or less vigor and
earnestness that a coalition of the Na
tional silver Democrats with the silver
Republicans would certainly result in the
triumph of the white metal in November.
To one and all, however, the secretary
had but one reply. He contended that
any attempt toward the indorsement of
an erstwhile Republican at Chicago would
result in a bolt of the gold-standard dele
gates; that these in turn would hold a
convention of their own and nominate a
ticket which would be heralded as that of
the simon-pure Democracy, and that such
ticsec would receive the support of the
strongest Democratic agricultural and
farming elements, to whom he silver
champions, look mostly for support, and
who will be unwilling to swallow Teller
and his life-long Republicanism, even if
baited with a silver hook.
"Let us nominate a silver Democrat at
Chicago." was Mr. Hinrichsen's conclud
ing argument, again and again repeated,
"and if the silver Republicans want to
come to us, well and good; it not, let them
nominate their own ticket and carry their
own States. We will do the same, and
silver will fare just as well in the Electoral
College." As to the convention to-morrow,
it is sufficient to say that Governor Altgeld
is in absolute control, and that to 900 or
more of the thousand delegates bis wiil
is law.
He it is who will name the four dele
gates at large and forty out of the forty
four district delegates — the majority being
also tied to his post by the operation of the
unit rule. Likewise will he stand sponsor
for every plank of the platform and desig
nate every nominee upon the State ticket,
including his own renomination for the
governorship. Finally he will go to Chi
cago with the vote of the entire delegation
in his pocket, to be cast or not to be cast,
as he may will it. It is the story of the
Colorado Republican Convention retold,
with Altgeld in the place of Teller. It is
to be a one-man convention, and the dele
gates, in the proportion of three to one,
seem satisfied with the situation.
The Iowa promoters of the Boies boom
made little impression during the day, al
though they worked hard. Each arriving
delegate and party woriter was furnished
with a picture of the ex-Governor and a
pamphlet sketch of the public life and
public services over the caption: "Silver
must be restored is the issue of "96."
But the literature lacked potency. Gov
ernor Alt,- eld, when talked to in the in
terest of the Iowa candidate, was decidedly
non-committal. He characterized as an
invention of the "goldbugs" the story
that he was opposed to Mr. Boies because
the latter had made a speech justifying
President Cleveland in sending Federal
troops to Chicago during the labor troubles,
but admitted having said that this speech
might react against Boies among the la
boring element in the event of his being
the nominee. On general principles he
thought the ex-Governor's attitude on the
public questions of the day should entitle
him to consideration at the hands of the
Chicago convention.
Lithographs of Bland of Missouri were
displayed in the National Hotel this even
ing, but if he had any sponsors they
failed to put themselves in evidence.
As for ex-Congressman Morrison, not
long ago regarded as a "favorite son," his
name was not mentioned even in under
tone-. The slate for delegates at large
was agreed upon at a conference of the
Governor and his lieutenants this evening.
[■ is headed by the Governor himself,
with Secretary Hinrichsen, Judge Sam P.
O'Connell of Chicago and General Lewis
15. Parsons of Florida as his associates,
Tie latter is SO years Old.
Thomas H. Gal.an of Chicago has been
•dated to succeed National Committeeman
Ben R. Cable. The platform will in tne
main be devoted to State affairs, the Na
tional planks being confined to declara
tions for free-silver coinage and revenue
tariff.
COLD MEN TO CONTROL.
Cleveland's Friends Appear to Have
Captured the Wisconsin
Convention.
MILWAUKEE. Wib., June 22.— The
The San Francisco Call.
gold men and mends of Cleveland appear
to have captured the Wisconsin Democ
racy, and at the convention of the party,
which will assemble at the Bijou Theater
to-morrow at 11 o'clock, the gold men will
be able to run things their own way. The
silver forces of the State are not organized
and the victories won by them in the pre
liminary skirmishes about ten days ago
alarmed the gold men and only tended to
spur them on to more vigorous efforts.
Every sound-money man in the State
was called upon to make a special effort to
secure the election of the gold delegates,
and the result was that in some of the
counties which were thought to be bi
metallic the gold men were successful.
There will be 359 delegates in the conven
tion and a careful estimate shows there
will be, as far as heard from, 149 gold men,
87 silver men and 62 doubtful.
Thomas F. Frawley of Eau Claire, a
sound-money man, will be temporary
chairman.
*
DEMOCRATS OF TEXAS.
Sound-Money Men Will Be Beaten
by the Champions of the
White Metal.
AUSTIN, Tkx.. June 22.— The Demo
cratic State Convention to elect delegates
to the National Convention meets to-mor
row, and indications are that there will be
a hot fight in the free-silver ranks over
the delegates from the State at large. The
convention will undoubtedly be dominated
by the free-silver element.
The State Convention of the sound
money Democrats also meets here to-mor
row, and will probably send a contesting
delegation to Chicago. The call was for
this purpose, but the development of the
free silver strength in the National Con
vention has thrown a damper on the propo
sition.
WILL IGNORE CLEVELAND.
Silver Men Propose to Rule the
Ohio State Democratic
Convention.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. June 22.— As the ad
vance guard of the delegates to tne Demo
cratic State Convention arrive, it seems
the sentiment for free silver coinage is
even stronger tnan anticipated. It is al
most impossible to find an advocate of the
sinpie-gold standard among the Demo
crat? present to-night. There is not the
slightest doubt that the delegates at large
will be free-silver men, and it is likely that
the convention will declare in favor of the
unit rule and instruct the delegation to
Chicago to cast the entire vote of the State
for free silver.
To-night it was announced that the
State Central Committee, of which a major
ity is for the gold standard, would name a
gold-standard Democrat for temporary
chairman of the convention. This so ex
asperated the free-silver men that they is
sued notice from their headquarters that
if this was done they would ignore the S3
lection and choose a chairman of their
own. They have agreed upon Ihomas E.
Powell oi this city for temporary chair
man. The free-silver organization has de
cided that the convention shall not in
dorse any candidate for the Presidential
nomination.
This will be fatal to the aspirations of
John W. Bookwalter, who was to ask for
the indorsement of the convention. His
friends still say that a motion will be
made to give him this indorsement. The
platform is to be short. It will declare in
the plainest terms for the free coinage of
silver in the ratio of 1(5 to 1, denounce the
work of the present Legislature and the ad
ministration of Governor McKinley; criti
cize the Congress at the last session and
ignores President Cleveland entirely.
♦
MATTHEWS THEIR CHOICE
Indiana Democrats Ready to Elect
Silver Democrats to the Chi
cago Convention.
INDIANAPOLIS, IyD., June 22.— The
Democratic convention, which opens with
the district meetings to-morrow night, has !
attracted a big crowd to the city. Various j
I meetiucs have been held to-night, and this !
much is practically assured: The platform ;
will declare ior the free coinage of silver;
at the ratio of lfitol. Governor Matthews ■
will be put forward as the choice of the j
Indiana Democrats for President.
The fou' delegates at large will be : Sen- i
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 23, 1596.
ators Voorhees and Turpie, B. F. Shively
of South Bend and J. G. Shanklin of
Evansville. The nominee for Governor
will be ex-Congressman Shively of South
Bend. The permanent chairman will be
K. C- Bell of Fort Wayne. The platform
declares for the "immediate restoration of
silver to the place it held in our monetary
system before the act of 1873, and the free
coinage of both metals at the ratio of 16
to 1." It declores for a purely revenue
tariff and the election of Senators by the
popular vote, and contains a strong reso
lution favoring Cuban independence.
NEW YORK'S DEMOCRACY.
Leaders Have Selected Delegates
and Alternates for the National
Convention.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 22.— Several
of tne prominent Democratic leaders are
in Albany to-night. Chairman Binkley
of the State Committee arrived this even
ing and proceeded at once to Senator Hill's
home, where he will spend the night. Ex-
Secretary of the Navy Whitney accom
panied him. Senator Hill, Mr, Whitney
and Mr. Hinkley will start to-morrow for
Saratoga. A long conference between the
leaders ensued at Senator Hill's home.
Tne discussion was, of course, mainly on
the platform to be adopted and the fignt
to be made for honest money at Chicago.
It is understood the four delegates at
large to the Chicago convention will be
Senators Hill and Murphy, ex-Governor
Flower and Frederick R. Coudert.
Mr. Whitney reiterated nis desire not to
go as a delegate, and Mr. Coudert was de
cided upon. It is well known that Senator
Murphy, although he will be elected a
delegate at large, does not intend to go to
Chicago. As his alternates two names are
mentioned — ex-Postmaster - General Bis
sell of Buffalo and ex-Mayor Grace of New
The Wreck and Ruin Made by the Collapse of the Lodging- House at Fifth Street and Mint Avenue.
Several People Were Killed by the Fall of the Building and Some Were Injured.
Yorfc. If Mr. Coudert is put on as a dele
gate Mr. Bissell, rather than Mr. Grace,
will probably be selected for Senator Mur
phy's alternate.
Hon. John Boyd Thatcher, Mayor of
Albany, wiil be temporary chairman of
the State Convention and it is settled that
the temporary organization shall be made
permanent.
The financial plank of the platform will
follow the lines laid down in previous
State platforms and declare for the gold
standard. Bimetallism will only be recog
nized through an intTiiational agreement.
BELMONT COMING HOME.
Will Shorten His European Tour In
Order to Attend the Democratic
National Convention.
PARIS, France, June 22.— A representa
tive of the United Press to-day questioned
the Hon. Perry Belmont regarding a
statement that he intended to brine his
European tour to a close and return to the
United States. Mr. Belmont confirmed
the report and added that he intended to
sail for New York in a short time in order
to attend the Democratic National Con
vention as a delegate from Suffolk County,
New York.
MARCUS AURELIUS
HANNA AT HOME,
Next to McKinley He Is
the Most Popular Man
in Ohio.
SHREWD BUT JOVIAL.
Cosgrave Tells of the Character
istics of the Great Political
Manager.
DECIDEDLY A BUSINESS MAN.
But Indomitable Good Humor Keeps
His Mind in Equipoise and
Serenity.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, June Marcus
Aurelius Hanna, next to his friend Wil
liam McKinley, is the most popular man
to-day in Ohio. When he came home from
St. Louis last Saturday he was received
in a manner befitting Caesar on his return
from the Gallic wars, and there was almost
as much enthusiasm over ' im in Cleve
land as there was over Major McKinley in
Canton. The American people admire a
clever man, and they are inclined, perhaps
a little too much; to worship success.
Mr. Hanna is both clever and success
ful, and that is why he is admired. Ido
not know of any other person living in
the shadow of the smoke from the factory
chimneys of tlie E;*st or West who can
show the same executive ability or who can
show the same capacity for handling
varied enterprises. He is a thorough bus
iness man, ajid his prominence aa a politi
cal manager is due to the fact that when
he has a campaign to make he looks upon
it just as be would look upon any business
enterprise — simply as a piece of work to be
done and to be done well.
It was part of his business to see that
the large investments which he has made
should be protected from the danger of a
currency which fluctuate in value and
which is recognized as bullion by those
nations with which this country has the
most intercourse. It was also a part of
his business affairs to prevent the flooding
of this country with the cheap labor
products of Europe under the Democratic
system of tariff which has ruined agricul
turists in California and which would in
time bring wages and the standard of liv
ing down to the low level of European
paupers and Asiatic coolies. He knew
that the masses of tne people of the East
and the "West and the middle W r est were a
unit on thi3 proposition, the feeling, if
anything, being stronger in the large man
ufacturing districts than it even is on the
Pacific Coast. He knew that this was a
matter which went beyond mere partisan
politics, because it concerned the bread
and butter of the laborer and the mechanic
ail over the Nation because the laborers
and mechanics have become educated by
bitter experience into the knowledge that
if a man sends his money away from home
be will in course of time be allowed to send
his labor away from home also.
It was apparent to him that the forego
ing state of affairs, if allowed to prevail,
would so diminish the purchasing power
of the masses of the people that the sales
of goods would decrease, prices would
cheapen with the cheapening of their
price of labor and the margin of profit
would become smaller and smaller. Mr.
Hanna, no doubt, Knew from the his
tory ol this country that the high-priced
times were the most prosperous. The
tramp and the industrial army were un
known, factories were running full time,
and with full sets of hands, good prices
prevailed for farm and all other home
products. But by and through the intro
duciion of foreign competition, which the
Democracy welcomed with open arms and
beating heart, the nickel becomes split up
into cent pieces and the Democracy
achieved its heart's desire of cheap goods
made by cheap men, women and children.
It was necessary, in order to restore the
old condition of things, to nominate and
elect a President who would be in touch
with the best interests of the people, both
employers and employed. Such a man
had been in Mark Hanna's eye for many
years, a man devoted to the principles of
protection and whom the people of his
own and surrounding States honored for
it. That man was William McKinley of
Canton, Ohio, only sixty miles away from
Mr. Hanna's home. . Here was the work
to be done to save the industrial interests
of this country, and here was the man who
could do it. Mr. Hanna comprehended
the many serious difficulties in the way.
He was aware that Platt of New York and
that Wall street wanted Levi P. Morton
for the Presidency; that New England was
under the magnetic spell of Tom Reed ;
that Quay of Pennsylvania, with his lever
on that State, was a foeman not to be de
spised, he being one of the subtlest and
most energetic of politicians. Then there
was the silver rock away out West on
which Teller and his adherents had taken
their stand.. A man with less steam-power,
with less will force and courage than Mark
Hanna, would have faltered in the face of
so many obstacles, but these seemed only
to inspire him.
Mr. Hanna pToceeded to do business on
Continued on Fourth Page.
DEATH CAME WITH A CRASH,
Terrible Collapse of a Fifth-
Street Tenement= House
and Restaurant.
TWO KILLED AND NEARLY A
SCORE WOUNDED.
The Frightful Casualty Said to
Have Been Due to Gross
Negligence.
FIREMEN AND CITIZENS WORK GAL
. LANTLY SIDE BY SIDE.
Thousands View the Ruins and Cheer the
Rescuers in Their Noble Efforts to
Save Those Pinned Down
by the Timbers.
By the collapsing of a three-story frame building at the northwest corner of Fifth
street and Mint avenue at a quarter to 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon death and suffer
ing came to several people in the rums.
ERNESTINE SILVERSTEIN of 234
Stevenson street.
THE INJURED:
PATRICK McKEOWN.
MRS. JOSEPH BYRNE.
MISS SARAH BYRNE.
MSB. K. McKEOWN.
RICHARD BUCKLEY.
EMILE LEUENBERGER.
H. SHEPHERD.
DENNIS GRIFFIN.
SIMEON DEANE.
GEORGE CONNEN of 220 Dora street.
STEIN.
MICHAEL ROURKE, hodcarrrier.
The disaster came without the faintest premonitory warning — a sudden creaking
of timber, a cracking of glass and then a thundering crash, and the tall frame
structure sank in a cloud of dust,. Presently the scene was one of wild excitement
with crowds pressing forward to see what had happened, and a band of heroic volun
teer rescuers working amid the debris. The building was used as a lodging-house
and coffee-saloon, at 20 and 22 Fifth street, immediately opposite the United
States Mint.
The dust from the shattered plaster and walls rose high in the air, and before it
cleared away loud shrieks and calls for help were heard, and these told the crowd that
there were unfortunate people under and within the ruins.
The members of No. 17 engine, on Mint avenue, a few doors west of the fallen
structure, were among the fir.->t to rush to the scene of the disaster to render assist
nnce to those imprisoned within the ruins or pinioned underneath the broken timbers.
Volunteers went to their assistance and the work of searching for those who needed
help was commenced at once.
The first to be removed was a woman, who was on the sidewalk, having been
struck as she was passing by. She was conveyed into the undertaking establishment
of McAvoy & Gallagher, in the building adjoining on the east, and when examined it
was discovered that she was dead.
Then came the sound of the alarm bells and whistles, summoning the firemen to
signal station No. 47, and when Chief Engineer Sullivan ascertained the occasion for
the alarm he directed his men in the work of rescue. This was done as quickly as it
possibly could be. Men with axes cut away the roof timbers which were hurled to
firenieu and volunteers who passed them from one io another until out of the way.
Directed by the heartrending cries of the imprisoned people the men plied the
axes and tore away protruding scantling and boards, and every now and then some
one was taken out and conveyed to the patrol wagons in waiting to convey them to
the Receiving Hospital.
Thus the work continued until ten had been removed and taken to where willing
hand-: were waiting to give them the attention they required.
While this was going on there was another horror. It was discovered that the
ruins in the upper rear corner had caught fire from the kitchen range, which had been
precipitated into the excavation. The already appalled onlookers seemed for a time
paralyzed at the sight when they realized that there might still be some people in the
building, and if not dead they would be smothered to death.
A hundred suggestions were offered as to what the fireman ought to do. Calmly
and coolly the officers directed some of their men to attack the burning mass with
streams from the chemical engines, while the others continued in the work of res
cuing.
Pile after pile of wood disappeared, when suddenly there was a cessation of labor.
Half a dozen men kneeled and took up the form of a man, bruised, bleeding and
covered from head to foot with plaster. He was hurried to a patrol wagon and laid on
the stretcher.
A physician who clambered on the hub of one of the wheels felt his pulse and told
the officer in charge ?• there is life in him still; rush him to the hospital."
The police were on hand and had much difficulty in establishing lines to keep
back the great crowds that had gathered from all sides to gam a view of the ruins and
the work of rescue. It was a lons time until there was order sufficient to enable all
who were willing to work to proceed uninterruptedly.
Before the firemen arrived the crowd
had dug from beneath the ruins on the
sidewalk the mangled corpse of an old
woman — a mere passer-by who had met
death through the criminal economy of
those whose business it is to be careful of
life.
"She is alive," shouted the man nearest
the motionless form and his cry was taken
up by the thousands who had gathered,
more from an indefinable feeling that
something terrible had happened rather
than from any true knowledge of the ex
act condition of affairs.
"You are mistaken, my friend," said a
white-haired old gentleman vho had
joined the rescuers, "she is dead."
Then the cry was taken up, and long
before the body was clear of the debris
the people in that vast throng for blocks
around were telling to each other how an
old woman had met death. What was
worse, she was unknown. No one seemed
to know whence she came or whither she
was going.
But the dead woman was forgotten
momentarily at least, in toe mad but
earnest desire to rescue the living, if there
were any, from ttje mass of smoldering
ruins, thirty, yes, forty, feet high, which
threatened with each gust of wind to
PMCE/fIVE CENTS.
TKCE DEAD:
JESSE MAY, laborer, of 1162 Market
street.
JOHN LYON.
PEARL WOODWARD.
J. HAN SEN.
m. a. c. christensen.
Cornelius cronin.
Thomas malandry.
mrs. j. h. Mahler,
bessie wilson.
MISSING*:
CHARLES RIORDAN of Dolores street
JOHN MCCARTHY, bricklayer.
burst into a seething pile of flames. For
tunately at this moment Chief Sullivan,
with half a dozen engines at his back, ar
rived. A steady flow of water for a few
moments sufficed to assure those who still
lived within the ruins that if death was to
come before they could be rescued, it
would not take the form of flame and
smoke.
Tnen the real work of relief began. .Fully
half a thousand determined hands, spurred
on by the good-will of thousands, attacked
the huge mass of splinters and shattered
timbers. The heavy smoke and still heavier
steam rising from the incipient lires below
half blinded and strangled them at first,
but there were lives to be saved, and they
stopped for nothing.
Timbers flew right and left, and in ten
minutes Fifth street resembled closely the
remains of the building which had so sud
denly mained or killed nearly a score of
people. Near the top of the pile were
probably a hundred men, many with axes,
and all with a tool of some character, seek
ing to cut through the roof and ceiling.
They knew that death alone did not walk
in the shattered structure, for heartrend
ing cries, faint, but clear, could be heard.
Finally the timbers were cleared away,
and Miss Pearl Woodward was lifted from
her treacherous position. The multitude2
REMOVING A VICTIM FROM THE RUINS.
sent up a great shout when they saw
that she was practically unharmed.
Mr.«, J. H. Mahler was next taken out,
and then Miss Bessie Wilson. The three
women were hurried to a neighboring un
dertaking establishment, where several of
the Keceiving Hospital corps had estab
lished headquarters for such cases as were
not considered dangerous.
"I was not frightened for ever so long
after the building collapsed," said Miss
Woodward. "I was never at any time un
c QSCions, but the whole thing was so sud
den that I did not have time to think of
anything except to make a vain effort to
grasp something solid. I heard a low,
rumbling pound, and then without any
warn ina the floor dropped from under me
and I went down, down, down, bringing
up finally with a jolt that seemed near
shattering my teeth.
"I thought I must be dreaming, and
then like a flash it came to me that the
building had collapsed. I called for help,
but my voice was drowned in noise on the
outside, which came plainly and painfully
to me in my narrow prison. I was more
afraid of tire than anything else, but when
1 heard the roar of the engines I knew
that I would be rescued in time."
In the meantime the firemen and the
hundred or so volunteers continued the
work of rescue. One by one the victims
were taken from the ruins.
Jesse May was the Stth person dug|from
out tbe debris, and it was at once seen
that he was badly injured, and two-thirds
of those who gazed on his blood-stained
face pronounced him dead, but some
thought differently.
"His heart beats!" exclaimed Dr. Fitz
gir«bon. "There is yet a chance to save
his life. Get him to the hospital as quickly
as possible.'' But poor May was beyond
all human aid.
The very life had been crushed out of
him by the tons of falling timbers, and he
was only breathing because his magnifi
cent physique would not give up the fight
until forced to the last trench. This it
did soon after reaching the hospital.
It was a sorrowful sight, the hauling
out of the maimed and wounded from the
deathtrap. In all ten were taken to the
Receiving Hospital, only one of whom nas :
bo far died. It is thought, however, that ,
at least five more will succumb.
During the work of the rescue of the liv- 5
ing and the hunt for the dead Chief Sulli- i
van was everywhere. His men labored
together like co many automatons, with ;
the difference that they worked intelli
gently and systematically. A hundred
hands grasped the long ropes made fast to
the fallen walls and partitions and pulled
away as though their own lives depended
on the issue. It was an orderly, earnest
gathering, working solely for suffering
humanity.
One of the lirst articles brought to light j
was what had once been a handsome bird !
cage. It was crushed into an unrecogniz
kble mass, hut in one corner just large i
enough to hold its wee body was a canary
without even a ruffled feather to bear cvi- 1
dence to the terrible scene through which !
it had just pasted.
Some of the workmen were caught like
rats in a trap and were unabie to escape
from under the weight of the mass that i
crushed upon them.
Those who were at work on the north
tide of the foundation were more for- j
tunate, for when the floor sank on the
south side the timbers on the other end !
rested in part on the cribs and against the
southern wall of the building on the ;
north, leaving a triangular space from '
which they were able to crawl out and be 1
lifted to the sidewalk. One of these was j
Cornelius Croning, a hod-carrier, who was j
cut across the chest by a scantling that i
struck him; another was Thomas Malan
dry, another hod-carrier.
Two brick-cleaners, as well as Byron
Bailey, a carpenter, escaped with slight
bruises.
James Daley was one of the fortunate
laborers who was under the bouse engaged
in working the jackscrews. and on hear
ing the crushing noise of the limbers
overhead dropped his tools and rushed
out from underneath the building just in
time to have the plaie where he had been
at work a few seconds before covered o\er
With heavy timbers from the flooring
overhead.
Mike Howard was another of the for
tunate ones who escaped from under the
house before the crash came. He, like
Daley, beard the timbers creak above him
and ran and saved his life.
Joseph Hicks, one of the first on the
scene, rushed on the fallen roof and suc
ceeded in rescuing Mrs. Byrnes by haul
ing her through the scuttle hole, under
which she was. He assisted her to a house
Cures
Ab-olute, perfect, permanent cures, even
after other medicines have utterly failed,
have given Hood's Sarsaparilla the first
place among; medicines and the largest
sales in the world.
"I had chills and fever for the last nine
months. I have been using Hood's Sarsa-
parilla and Hood's Pills, and these medi-
cines have cured me. Miss Gertie Binger,
Lodi, Cal.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
HrkTiH'c Pill<s cure Liver Ills; easy to
nOUU 3 **** a take, easy to operate. 35c
FIREMEN AND CITIZENS DOING GOOD WORK.
on Mint avenue, from which she was taken
to the hospital.
J. G. K«own, a veteran fireman, secured
!an ax and, cutting a hole in the roof,
j managed to rescue four men and two
I women, all more or less bruised. "He
was so anxious to save those under the
debris that he did not take time to ask
i the names of those he saved," said Thomas
I Green of 873 Filbert street, who related
i this incident.
The firemen belonging to engine com
pany 17 were startled by the loud noise
caused by the house when it tell into
Mint avenue.
John Conroy, the assistant foreman,
rushed out and at once took in the situa
tion. He ordered tbe horses bitched to
the engine and hosecart and directed the
! driver to back out into Stevenson street
i and drive round on Fifth. In the mean- ,
I time he turned in tne alarm, and with j
I Thomas Atkinson, John Murphy, William
I Nicholson, Thomas Mulldeny, Claud
! Brownell, Frank McCloskey, all members
! of the company, who were joined by John
: Doherty, the foreman, and Assistant
I Engineer Jobn Dougherty, proceeded to
extricate the unfortunate people who were
caught in the timbers.
About half-past 5 o'clock a piteous little
whine could be heard above the noise of
the chopping and the splinterins of the de
bris as the men worked like bearers upon
; the top of the avalanche of r>roken boards,
timbers and plaster near the rear wall of
: the wreck. The sound grew more audibie
each moment as parts of the imprisoned
', roof of wreckage were being steadily
! hurled aside, and then a very little dog
suddenly dashed out through the first
available opening, frisk ing about and wag
ging his bushy tail. He was soon grabbed
up by a sympathetic but dirty-faced little
boy, who disappeared down Mint avenue
; hugging the pretty little black-and-white
1 creature to his breast.
During the course of the afternoon sev
'• eral men more venturous than the rest
! forced their way under the building to see
; if they could render any assistance to the
men who were pinioned under the wreck
: age. They succeeded in reaching one of
, the laborers, who was taken to the Receiv
, ing Hospital, but they were unable to
I reach the others.
The young woman, Pearl Woodward,
i who was rescued through the roof is the
I one who some time since donned a diver'B
suit and walked under tbe water at Sutro
baths.
Every patrol- wagon had been called into
requisition to take the injured to the Re
ceiving Hospital, and as they drove np to
the entrance they attracted an immense
crowd of men, women and chile ren, all
eager to learn bow the maimed men and
women came Dy their injuries.
Drs. Thompson and Hartley and Stew
ards Bucher and Mogan worked like beav
ers stitching aud dressing the wounds,
and in an incredibly short space of time
the wounded were properly attended to.
Friends and relatives of some of the
injured were present and it was pitiful to
hear their pleadings to the doctors and
stewards to hurry up and attend to the
one they cared for.
Nine of those injured were taken to the
hospital, and one man, whose name could
not be ascertained, died on the way. He
was supposed to be one of the graders.
With one exception, none of the nine were
dangerously injured.
Patrick McKeown, husband of the pro
prietor of the rooming-house, was seri
ously injured internally. He was in a
room on the middle floor and was jammed
between two beams.
Mrs. Joseph Byrne, McKeown's sister
in-law, was also in her room on the mid
dle floor. She had been on top of the
building putting out some clothes to day
and had just returned to her room
when tbe floor sank down. Mrs. Silver
stein, an old lady, had been talking to her,
and when they were dragged out of the
ruins Mrs. Silverstein was dead. Mrs.
Byrne had a narrow escape. A dressing
case fell on top of her and left a clear
space of a lew inches above her. When
found she had her arms around the dress
ing-case. Her only injury was a contusion
on each of her arms. When ehe saw tier
broth er-in-law sitting in a chair in the
hospital bent almost double she gave a
scream, threw her arms around him and
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTJXE 23, 1896.
kissed him. McKeown calmed her by
saying he was all right.
Miss Sarah Byrne was upstairs in her
room when the building collapsed. She
was hysterical when taken to the hospital,
and eaid she could remember nothing
after hearing the cracking of the walls.
Her right arm was broken, her right thigh
injured and she had a deep wound in her
scalp, but her skull was not fractured.
Richard Buckley, porter in the coffee
house, escaped with a cut on the forehead
received from a falling plank.
Emile Leuenberger of 431 Minna street
was in bed in one of the rooms on the top
floor. He heard a crash, then the plaster
cracked and the floor sank. He was
found among the debris of the bed. A
lady friend who was talking to him at the
time escaped without a scratch, Leuen
berger assisting to drag her out. Leuen
bereer's left side was badly contused and
he was suffering from internal injuries.
H. Shepherd, a hotel employe, was in
his room on the top floor. A beam fell on
i his cnest, knocking him down, and he
sank among the ruins. His right foot was
broken.
Dennis Griffin, 21 Page street, a hod
| carrier's laborer, was worse injured than
j any of tte oihers. He was working under
| neath the building at the time of the col
| lapse. He had an ugly cut over his eve
| brow and he was badly injured internally.
! He complained of severe pains in his
i thighs, but no bones were found to be
broken. He has a wife and child.
Simeon Deane, 1209 Union street, was
' also workine underneath the building. He
had two wounds in his scalp, one being
long and deep, but the skull was not frac
tured.
Jobn Lyons, 154 Clara street, a hod-car
rier, was going up a ladder with a hodful
of bricks when the building collapsed.
He was dragged out of the debris by S. M.
Scott, manager of the Manhattan Rubber
Company, who accompanied him to the
hospital. The blood was spurting from a
cnt artery in Lyons' right wrist when
Scott dragged him out, and Scott made a
tourniquet from a broken cigar-box and
a handkercnief and probably saved him
from bleeding to death. Lyons was also
cut on the scalp, but after having his
wounds attended to he was able to go
home with his wife, who had hurried to
the hospital.
One of the most pitfful sights at the hos
pital was tbat of a Mrs. Davis, who called
to see if her husband was among the in
jured. She said he had been working un
derneath tne building. She was assured
that he was not there, and just then her
eyes rested upon the sheet covering the
dead man. With a shriek she threw down
the sheet, gazed upon the dead man's face
and fell into a tit of hysterical sobbing when
she found he was not her husband. She
crew calmer, and some on? said in her
hearing that there were two or three men
yet in the ruins, and she rushed out of the
hospital in the direction of Fifth street
with the tears streaming down her face.
Last night Grilh'n and McKeown were in
a critical condition and faint hopes were
entertained of their recovery. They were
both very severely injured internally.
MRS. McKEOWN'S STORY.
The Landlady of the Brighton Tells
of the Fall.
Mrs. K. McKeown, a woman about 30 years
of age, who managed the two upper floors
as a lodging-house, was one of the first to
be rescued from the wreck. She was cut
behind the left ear, slightly injured about
the hands and severely bruised over the
left hip.
Removed at once to the lodging-house in
the rear she was soon visited by a physi
cian, who pronounced her injuries not
dangerous. She had not yet received defi
nite assurance of the safety of her hus
band, and her first inquiry was for news
of him.
Being assured that he had been removed
to the Receiving Hospital with only a
comparatively slight gash across the
cheek, Mrs. McKeown told the following
story of the experience through which she
had passed:
4'l was on the top floor, in tbe hall. All
at once it commenced to rumble and it
grew dark, and the ceiling began to fall in
great, big pieces. Everything started to
slide and it got terribly dark in just a
second or two.
"There were seven or eight of us, I guess,
altogether on the third floor. Nobody, I
think, was on the floor below. There was
my husband and one other man, Gus
Sprouse, Mrs. Eugenia Byrne, her daugh
ter, Miss Sarah Byrne, Mrs. John Waller,
Mis 3 May Ward— all roomers— and Mrs.
Yager, who does the housework.
"I was in room 16 and Mrs. Byrne was
right opposite, in room 17, while Miss
Ward was In room 18. When the lirst
crash came I rushed into the hall. 1 was
there when the rest happened.
"It didn't seem that I fell very far. I
was picked up at once on top of the pile.
The men rescued me about three minutes
after the crash. I w.aa out in plain sight
and above everything, only I was caught
by the beams and held by my hips so I
couldn't get loose.
"My loss? I think what I lost in fur
niture and other things was worth about
$2000."
Mrs. McKeown was injured more
seriously than she first believed. Three
physicians examined her injuries at the
undertaking establishment of McAvoy &
Gallagher, where she was taken immedi
ately after the accident They found that
three ribs were brofcen besides the severe
wound on her head. After she was treated
her anxiety for her husband prompted her
to visit the Receiving Hospital. After
standing about she was finally taken by
friends to the residence of Sirs. John
Murphy on Hayes street, her cousin.
Last night while suffering extreme pain
she repeated in substance the above story,
and said. that Mrs. Silverstein was calling
on her yesterday afternoon and had just
left her. She was at the time on the top
floor and was descending tue stairs when
the crash came. Then she says every
thing grew dark and she felt the heavy
beam bearing down on her side. She saw
the daylight and pushed aside the beam.
Ii was then that the men rescued her.
■ -o-
WHERE MEN WERE EATING.
Scene In the Coffee SaJoon When
the Building Collapsed.
There were a few stains of blood on the
white cravat of Martin A. C. Christenssn,
as he viewed the ruin of his coffee-house
after the crash. He endeavored to con
verse with John Hansen, his cook, who,
in white apron and cap, was nursing a
bruised arm on the street.
"Three men customers were sitting at
the tables," he said, as he began to review
the situation, "and I was behind the desk
working on the books.
"The windows began to rattle, and right
away there was a noise of crashing up
above. Everybody made a break for the
ooor. The; got out— the three men,
my three Waiters, the cook here, J. Han
sen, ar.d his two assistants in the kitchen.
There was another waiter named Chris
Jakenson (in English Johnson), he bas not
shown up yet. I don't know if he was in
the building at all.
"I bought out my partner a year ago for
$5000. Then I spent $2000 last July in
fitting up the place and refurnishing it.
My loss must be $10,000. Anyway I
wouldn't have sold out lor that.
"The building has been sinking the last
couple of years. I complained to the
proprietor a year ago, just after the prop
erty changed hands. When the contractor
came the other day to examine the under
pinning he said he was surprised the
building had stood so long with such
rotten foundation.
"The men just started to-day to put in
brick work. They have been on the job
about two weeks. I thinfc there were
twelve or fourteen of them at work in the
basement."
"And I," added the cook, "was in the
kitchen with Frank, the porter, the dish
washer, whose name I do nol know, and
Chris, a waiter. Tlie slide came and
everything went and I don't know how I
got out, but I think I was pulled out
through the roof. The other men all got
out; but I think there was one customer
in the men's part of the restaurant, but I
think he got out."
"Were there any ladies in the ladies'
saloon?" he asked the proprietor, who de
clared that he could not tell.
Christensen was watching until after
midnight in front of his old place of busi
ness. Not satisfied with having saved bis
life he moaned over the fact that there was
$40 in a cigar-box and $60 in the cash reg
ister, all of which he did not think would
ever be reached by him. In the debris he
also had a safe containing $500 winch he
confidently hoped to recover.
♦ ,
THE COLLAPSED BUILDING.
Those Who Were the Occupants of
the Structure.
The building was known as Nos. 20 and
22 Fifth street. Ii had 25 feet front by a
depth of 75 feet. The ground floor was oc
cupied as a lunch-house and coffee-saloon,
kept by Martin A. C. Christensen, while
the two upper floors were occupied by
Mrs. K. McKeown, who keDt a lodging
house known as "The Brighton."
The building was erected a number of
years aj;o on the slight style of construc
tion prevalent in thoae days. A few weeks
ago it was noticed that the foundation was
not as secure as it ought to be. Samuel
O'Kelly of 312 Ellis street, the owner, con
cluded to have a new foundation placed
under it. He secured the services of an
architect, Edmund Kollopotto of 9H3
Market street, to prepare plans for the
work of improvement.
This having been done, the contrnct for
the necessary repairs was let to Adam
Miller of 404 Kearny street, who sublet
the contract for grading to Levi B. Sibley
of 1305 Howard street; and the one for
placing the building on cribs and screws
was let to P. W. Gleeson of 309 Mason
street.
The foundation was found to be exceed
ingly weak, and it became necessary to
prop up the structure with iackscrews
and cribs, as house movers and raisers
use.
These rested on a sandy bottom, but
whether this was responsible for the col
lapse it was impossible last night to de
termine. It was the opinion of some who
claimed a knowledge of such matters that
the sand ut some point had caused the
building to topple and fall.
It was the intention to place a brick
foundation under the building, and for
that purpose there were at work a number
of hod-carriers, bricklayers and car
penters.
About a year ago the old building and
the property on which it stood were
SEW TO-DAT.
WE ARE NOT
CRYING
For day by day our business is on the increase.
AND WE ARE
REJOICING
Because our customers are well satisfied and each
and every one becomes our stanch supporter.
DAY IN AND
DAY OUT
From all parts of the United States customers
flock to our great establishment.
OURS IS TRULY
GREAT
For in your very presence we employ 200 Men
and Women, MAKING YOUR GARMENTS.
Suits to order, $10 to $20.
Pants to order, $3 to $6.
, No garment allowed to leave the house unless a perfect fit. We are the
recognized leaders of the best $10 made-to-order suit in America.
QUALITY TfcLLS— PRICE SELLS.
1 Quality fells TAILORS Price sells T[
MARKET £/$\ -^T^^
ONLY BRANCH HOUSE—^-Sll MONTGOMERY ST.
offered for sale for $55,000, and were soon
after purchased at a sale oy auction by
Samuel O. Kelly, the capitalist, for the
reduced sum of $47,000.
THINGS WERE AWRY.
Two Men Who Believe That Some-
body Was Culpable.
R. E. Saunders, who lives in the lodging
house immediately adjoining on the west,
said: "I had been working under the
house and had left only a few days ago,
because 1 thought I was not sufficiently
paid. I thought when I left that too much
water was allowed to run on the sand of
the foundation. The workmen had cut
holes in the water pipe and let out the
water in order to soften the founda
tion. The sand was completely saturated
with the water, and I was fearful when I
saw it tbat an accident might happen."
Frank Coleman, who works in tbe Cali
fornia Hotel, occupied a room on the mid
die floor. He was unaware of the acci
dent until told later in the afternoon. He
said :
"Last night I endeavored to get into my
room, but the door was so sagged tnat I
was unable to open it. I was obliged to
awaken the landlady, Mrs. McKeown,
who told me that a new foundation was
being placed under the building. After
much effort I at last succeeded in opening
the door.
"Mrs. McKeown told me at that time
that she had consulted the landlord, and
that he had told her that everythin-r was
perfectly safe and that there was nothing
to worry about. The only way that I can
account for tlie accident is that it was
owing to carelessness on the contractor's
part."
A DANGEROUS HOUSE.
The Police Take Possession of a
House That Is Out of Plumb.
About 5 o'clock in the afternoon Police
Commissioner Tobin appeared on the
scene, and he and Police Captain Spillane
ad their attention called to the three
story bulding adjoining tbe fallen one on
the north. They noticed that it was no
longer plumb, but was leaning to the
isoiuh.
They at once summoned Fire Marshal
Towe, who agreed with them that all the
inmates should be given notice to vacate.
This was done at once by the police, and
three oilicers were placed on j;uard, with
instructions not to allow any one to re
enter. The Fire Marshal then served a
notice on Charles Finey, the owner, to
secure it with shoring-posts without delay.
The Fire Marshal viewed the debris for
hours after the disaster. He shook his
head in an ominous way saying:
"This is very rouph when you stop to
consider that not only several human be
ings have been crushed to death, but that
scores of people might have met with the
same fate.
"You see that building over there," he
said, pointing at 20 Fifth street, the frame
and brick two-story next to the one that
fell. "The studding is only 2x4 on the
first two stories and even less on the top
stories. The building is not built even to
bear the weight of the bricks.
"Nowadays we will not allow studding
to go up smaller than 4x6. But this build
ing was put up years ago in a most crim
inal fashion."
• ♦—
SAVED BY THIRST.
The Narrow Escape of E. S. Abbott
of Ninth Street.
E. S. Abbott of 12 Ninth street probably
owes his life to a glass of beer, fo|r just be
fore the fall he was on the temporary
bridge that had been constructed over the
undermined sidewalk in front of the death
trap, ile felt a thirst coming on and
sought a neighboring saloon to discuss a
foaming schooner.
When about to return to his former po
sition he was delayed on the sidewalk by
the voice of a friend calling to him to
come and "have something," and as he
diplomatically hesitated before the dont
carerido be says tie saw two women and a
little child on the footbridge, beard the
crashing of glass and the breaking of tim- ;
bers, and saw the trio hasten wildly off
the platform, so quickly in fact that one
woman dropped her cloak and tbe other
let her pocketbook fall. And then the
crash and crush came.
The Identified Dead.
Those who were killed, as appears from
the records at the Morgue, are Ernestine
Silverstine of 284 Stevenson street, and on
whose body was found a purse with a small
sum of money and a bankbook showing a
deposit of $900. She leaves a brother, Ja
cab Levy.
Jesse May died while being conveyed to
the hospital, a laborer, 55 y ears of age, who
lived at 1662 Market street.
Stlll In the Ruins.
It was reported at a late hour last night
that there were still three bodies in the
ruins: Lemmon, a bricklayer; Jobn Mc-
Carthv, a bricklayer, a son of tbe man
who discovered a cinnabar mine on his
property in the Western Addition a few
years ago; and Michael Konrke, a hod
carrier.
The contractors were unable to furnish
the names of all the men in their employ,
and that fact added to the difficulty of
determining how many men were missing.
George Connen of 220 Dore street, who
went to work on the building yesterday
morning, and Charles Kiordan, a carpen
ter whose home is on Dolores street and
who had been working for several days on
the building, were reported missing.
Rsstinsr From Rescue.
At about 11:30 last evening the Fire De
partment was withdrawn from the scene
of the wreck as there war, no further need
of its services. All search for bodies wa-*
abandoned until to-day, when a thorough
investigation will be made and the ques
tion settled as to wh tner any more per
sons perished in the catastrophe.
Down among the ruins one more sur
vivor was rescued and extracted from dan
| perous and close quarters. It was a
! parrot belonging to Joseph Burnes, one of
\ lodger?. It was uninjured but full of
I fight, and bit the hand of the police officer
that carried it from the wreck, till the
blood came.
Alterinsr Buildings.
Alterations or repairs to frame build
ings within the fire limits, and this build-
! ing was within ancb, cannot be made with
; out a permit obtained from either;the Fire
. Wardens or the Board of Supervisors, but
: this does not entail upon either of these
powers any authority to perform any other
function than that of seeing that the al
terations or repairs are in excess of those
mentioned in the permit. The wardens
do not watch the progress of the work.
Aid for th i Sufferers.
W. E. Johns, manager of the Park
Theater, has made arrangements to lend
assistance to the sufferers by yesterday's
| accident in a way tbat is at once practical,
substantial and timely. The entire re
i ceipts of the theater, on Friday evening
; will be devote. i to this charitable purpose
. and tlie amount that will be placed at the
disposal of those in charge of the donations
for the sufferers will no doubt bo a liberal
one. The play that will be pre«entei is
. the popular Iri h come<iy," "'Crmskeen
I Lawn," witn Dan McCarthy and Miss Lou
I liipley in the leading roles.
An Order for Alimony.
Judge Seawell yesterday ordered Osmond G.
Xeilseu to pay to Julia A. Xeilsen alimony
amounting to $35 per month, pending
thq hearing of the suit for divorce, which Mrs.
Jveilsen has instituted aeainßt her husband.
Xeiisen is also commanded to pay his wifa $50
for counsel lees on or before July 1 and $25
arMitio.wil on I lie day ol 'rial.
N£W TO-DAY.
— -y~% frf^ j/f Qr
Follow the big li tin horn and
snare drum" advertisements and
i this is what you get to : Empti-
ness! air — wind!
But you know the KIND of
goods we sell, don't you? Is not
••right goods at right prices"
about your key?
Sailor Outing Suits, in gray, tan7Kp
and blue .* • tit
Combination Suits, with ex-QO jrfl
tra pants and cap tjp^.OU
Odd Knee Pants ZOC
Overalls, Blouses, Waists, Ho-
siery, Hats — lowest prices in
— quality considered.
V^ggr3t-33-35-37~ffgffiflV ffVJ^
Distance need not bar you. . The' malls— and we
are reliable.
Special | Hunting
Sale jfc Case
Day \ Watches
■*§ We have given up the
•5; manufacture of every-
•^; thing in silver except
4 Sterling (925/1000), and
.§; have a lot of Coin Silver
(warranted 900/1000)
Hunters we will close
out at sacrifice prices.
>g! They go on sale to-day.Call
*->■ early and make your choice
-^; THE WATERBUET WATCH CO.
>•»>- Hew Office in the San Francisco,
"V» Mills Building:... Col.
Redemption of Dnpont-St. Bonds.
fTIKEASTJRER'S OFFICE. CITY AND COUNTY
1 of San Francisco, June 17, 189(5.
Holders of Dupont-street bonds Issued under an
act of he Stale Legislature entitled, "An act to
authorize the widening of Dupont street, In me
City of San Francisco," adopt? d March 23, 1376,
are hi reby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive . sealed proposals for surrender of said
bonds, as provided by section 13 of said act, at
his office, in the New Cltv Hall, San Francisco,
until 1J o'clock noon, of TUESDAY, June 30,
1896.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said bonds I* about three hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollara ($375,000). Bidders will state
at what rate they will surrender their bonds for
payment, less coupons due. No proposals above
par will be considered.
Bids to be indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Du pout-street Bonds." A. O. WIDBKK,
• ' City and County Treasurer.
IB THE VERY BKSi' OAK Tv EXAMINR !
your eyes and (it mem to Spectacles and Eys>
(lasses with Instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not bean equaled. My MO> :
C*aa has been due to the menu 01 18/ WOtifc
Uilico Hours— i.2 * r. m.
, NEW TO-DAT.
Noisy
Sailors.
EBfflflEjjf i'jgft*ftißf > ffi- o r*l*r-!irr TT '^ SetJM MMtra -*J?rr! l jj Jf^ffijfl
ABOUT 1000 LITTLE
SAILOR SUITS,
In blue, that we're going to
make a noise with to-day.
A PRETTY LITTLE
BLUE TWILL
Cheviot Suit, short trousers,
deep sailor collar, with
shield, trimmed with rows
of red braid, including lan-
yard and whistle; sizes 3 to
12 years.
TO-DAY AT
$1- 00
TWO'S THE LIMIT TO
EACH CUSTOMER.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated)
The Frisco Boys,
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
"bazaw*
HirralforllofJily!
FIREWORKS!
Crackers and Skyrockets
FOR EVERYBODY. '
LARGEST SELECTION ! i|
BEST QUALITY !
LOWEST PRICES !
Torpedoes, Firecrackers. Pistols,
Caps, Balloons, .Cartridges, Cannon, '
Paper Caps, Guns, Pinwheels,
Roman Candles, Skyrockets,
Lanterns, Canting
AN D
FLAGS AID DECORATOG MATERIAL
OF ALL KINDS.
ALSO
ASOORTBD GASES
OF FIREWORKS !
Put up expressly for family use,
containing from 150 to 500 pieces,
At $1, $2, $3.50 an! $5 per Case.
Note— delivered free of charge In Sansa-
llto, Blithedale. Mill Valley, Tiburon, Antiocb.San
jlafael, Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Napa, San
Lorenzo, Melrose, San Leandro. Oakland, Ala*
meda and Berkeley.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BrE-
-1 clallst treats PItIVATK CHRONIC AND
NERVOUSDISEASESOr-MENONLY. He stow
Discharges; cores secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the secret Krrors of Youth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Error*,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drucs.
Dr. SlcNulty's methods are regular ■ and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made .
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms ,
reesonable.
Hours— 9 to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. San-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confide Call on or address
P. UOSCOK McNULTY, M. D.,
86% Keiirny St., San Francisco, Cnl.
tff Beware of strangers who try to talk to yoo
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
BICYCLES KM TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
IOK THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Are., S F.
nUJiI/C Vflll "*° re Tcroat, Pimple*, Copper-Hi
fc>?nAYal I UU colored Spots, Aches. Old i&res.fij
■■Ulcers in Month. Hair-Filing! Write (OObB
WJBEMKIiV CO., 307 Sifcsocic TempleJkl
"SfjChlcatio, 111., for proofs of cares. Cupl-Sl
mtt'.l, SSOO.OOO. "Worst cases cured in isM
■JRlo 35 day. 100-page book. »Vee. Eg
JUBWiaW WIL.COX COMPOUND
T| WIJLCOX COMPOUND >
ANSVP/LLS '
| CO.. 2» BOVTH EIUHTH BT..iraulo^™WEYLER PLEASED
WITH THE ASPECT
Confident That He Will Be
Able to Crush the
Rebellion.
PLANS FOR THE FUTURE
With 40.000 Additional Spanish
Trcops He Contemplates a
Decisive Stroke.
WILL DISMISS VOLUNTEERS.
And Pr. mises That Within a Year
He Wi 1 Return to Spain
Triumphant.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 22.— 1t is re
ported on good authority that Captain-
General Weyler is pleased with the aspect
of military affairs in the island, and that
the Government has expressed its ap
proval of his plan of campaign. He is con
that with the re-enforcement? of 10,
--ien promised him by the Minister of
War he will be able to crush the rebellion,
and that he will return triumphant to
Spain iv June next. It is his intention to
send 20,000 of the new troops, when they
arrive, to the province of Pinar del Rio,
where they will be employed in crushing
i, and the other 20,000 will be used to
strengthen the Jucaro trocha. These re
ent'orcements will enable General Weyler
to dispense with the services of the volun
teers who are at present doing garrison
duty.
Andres Hernandez Rodriguez and Mig
nel Alonso Cabrera were shot in the
Cabanas fortress to-day for the crime of
rebellion.
The rebel leader Montes de Orca has
surrendered to the Spanish authorities at
Sasrua.
Last night a body of rebels fired upon
the fort protect ing Guanabacoa, just
across the bay from Havana. They were
r- "..ulsed by the garrison. Another band
attacked tbe town of Orroyo Arenas,
twelve miles from Havana. They were
also repulsed. On their retreat they
burned several houses at Centaranas,
ciose to Orroyo Arenas.
2XTEKESTIXG INCIDENT.
Etnbassador Eustis Sares the Life of a
Frenchman in Cubn.
PARIS, France, June 22.— 1n the course
of conversation with a high official of the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the corre
spondent ol the United Press learned yes
t r day of an interesting' incident of the
Cuban war in which J. iJ. Eustis, the
American Emba~sador to France, was in
strumental in saving a French citizen
from death at the hands of the Spanish
military authorities In Cuba.
me time ago Eustis received from
America a cablegram B'nt by a promi
compatriot, stating that a young
Frenchman had been arrested by the
Spaniards and was about to be shot on
account of h;s sympathies for the revo
lutionists. Thn prisoner's brother had
formerly saved the life of the sender of
the dispatch, who appealed to Eustis to
take what steps he could to save the
prisoner from Spanish butchery.
An appeal to the humanity and generos
ity of Eustis ahvay3 meets with an imme
diate response, and the Embassador at
once drove to the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs and acquainted the Minister with
the news he had received. Neither the
Foreign Minister nor M. Nisand, the per
manent chief of the Department of Politi
cal Affairs, were even aware that a French
citizen was on the eve of execution in
Cuba, and dispatches were forwarded to
Madrid and to the French Consul at
Havana without delay.
irtly afterward Eustis had the satis
faction of learning from the Minister that
the negotiations with the Spanish Gov
ernment had resulted in the young
Frenchman's release. The thanks of the
French Government for Eustis' kindly
initiative were joined" to the information.
It transpired that when the Spanish
authorities arrested the young Frenchman
the French Consul merely forwarded to
Paris a report by mail, which would only
a r rived here after his compatriot had
been executed. Hence the ignorance of
the French Government of the imminent
execution, which Mr. Eustis' intervention
prevented.
The brother of tbe rescued man is a
well-known physician in Philadelphia.
VA F O r.V 7> ET> RVM OR B.
Xothiny in Lot's Report to Keep the
President From Fishing.
Washington; D. C, June 22.— There
was a rumor here this afternoon that the
State Department would issue a statement
about Cuban affairs apropos of the an
nouncement that Consul-General Lee had
sent a report to the President which would
form the basis for action on the situation
on the island. The rumor was erroneous.
It was learned, however, that the State
Department was confident that no report
on which a decisive policy could be framed
had been sent. General Lee has been in
Cuba a few weeks only and has not left
Havana in that lime.
It was remarked by an official that, the
President would not have gone fishing if
he. expected critical dispatches. Mr.
land's delay in starting for Gray
Gables is pointed to in some quarters as
giving coior to the story, although it is ad
mitted that be and Secretary Olncy could
consider the alleged rej>ort, if such a thing
existed, quite as well at their adjacent
summer homes in Massachusetts as in
Washington.
Mr. Ryan, the supposed bearer of the
dispatch, now in quarantine in New York,
went to Cuba of his own volition and had
I o ntiicial connection with General Lee or
the State Department.
> aval AJjTi ru r ex PL a ise it.
Order* Indicating Prospective Hostilities
Hif/i •spnin.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 22.— The
suspension oi religious services on one or
: .\. vessels at the Brooklyn navy-yard
yesterday, U explained at the Navy De
inriit with the statement that it was
necessary to hasten repairs on the cruiser
New York, so that she will be able to leave
the drydo<k to-morrow or next day before
the high tide recedes. Otherwise she
would be unable to get out for another
month.
Work on the unfinished monitor Puri-
tan was also carried on yesterday to make
up for great delays caused by differences
Constructor Bowles and Commander
S perry.
No orders indicating prospective hos
tilities with Spain have been issued to
Admiral Bunce, who is concentrating all
his energies to have his fleet Veady for the
regular summer practice cruise by July 15.
SPAIN'S AXGRX MOOT).
Consul-General Lee's Stay at Havana
31 ay Be Brief.
MADRID, Spain, June 22.— The Govern
ment is still uninformed officially of the
report which General Fitzhugh Lee, the
American Consul-General at Havana, has
made to his Government anent the situa
tion in Cuba. If the tenor of the report is
as stated in unofficial dispatches received
here it will make General Lee's slay in
Havana difficult.
The Senate to-day debated the questions
of the relations between Spain and the
Uniied Mates. Professor Comas de
manded that the protocol of 1877 with the
United .States be denounced. The speech
of Professor Comas was loudly applauded.
Senor Castellanos, Minister of the Col
onies, submitted a bill asking for united
authority to raise loans to continue oper
ations in Cuba.
Another bill was introduced proposing
the restoration of reciprocity with Ger
many.
PROTECTING A PATRIOT.
A Cuban Fugitive Finds Safety Under
the British Flag.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 22.— 1t is re
ported here that the commander of a
Spanish warship attempted a few days ago
to commit a high-handed outrage on Brit
ish territory. A party from the warship
landed at Dry Harbor and attempted to
kidnap a Cuban residing there, who is
prominently connected with the insurrec
tion in Cuba. The attempt failed and the
Cuban appealed to the British authorities
for protection, which was granted. A
number of armed policemen are now pa
trolfing in the vicinity of the Cuban's
house. Thej* are instructed to prevent,
by all nieans, any attempt to carry off the
man the Spaniards are desirous of getting
hold of.
TO FORCE MATEO.
Active Operations to Be Inaugurated in
I'inar del Rio.
HAVANA, Ciba, June 22.— Despite the
recent announcement that no active
operations would be carried on against the
rebels during the rainy season, Generals
Munoz, Melguizo and Valcarcel have re
ceived orders to inaugurate in the prov
ince of Pinar del Rio important opera
tions against Maceo. The military offi
cials here think that important results
will be obtained from this move against
the insurgents. General Monoz commands
six battalions with four cannon, General
Melgnizo four battalions with two can
non, and General Valcarcel two battalions
with two cannon.
CLAMOR FOR AySEXATIOS.
Cubans Want to lie Taken Into Uncle
Stem's Fold.
QUARANTINE, S. 1., June 22.— William
Ryan of Richmond, Collector of Internal
Revenue for the Eastern District of Vir
ginia, who has been visiting friends in
Cuba, and who, it is said, is the bearer of
dispatches from General Fitzhugh Lee to
tbe State Department, was a passenger on
the War i iine steamer Yumuri, which ar
rived to-day. Along with a number of
other persons from the tropical zone, he
is quarantined at Hoffman Island, but
will be released to-morrow morning.
Mr. Ryan fays the Cubans are more
clamorous than ever for annexation to the
United States and that while a few repre
sentative men of the island express some
doubt as to the possibility of annexation,
the great majority regard such a thing as
at once practical and desirable for both the
United States and Cuba aa the one solu
tion of the situation. Sooner or later, the
Cubans say, annexation must surely be
accomplished. The members of the au
tonomist party no longer discuss auton
omy or home rule under the Spanish flag.
They seem to be the chief agitators for
American annexation.
When asked about his friend, General
Fitzhugh Lee. the American Consul-Gen
eral to Cuba, Mr. Ryan said he left him in
excellent health and spirits and very busy;
th;it he was making a thorough aiid im
partial study of the situation and that he
was just now at work on a report to ttie
State Department. Being a thorough sol
dier and a man of affairs, General Lee was
thoroughly adapted for the difficult task
which he had undertaken. As to the bias
of General Lee's report Mr. Ryan could
not say. He expects, however, to remain
in Havana throughout the summer.
REFUSE PAY IN SILVER,
Foreign Laborers in Pennsylva
nia Excited by a Political
Agitator.
Strikfe for Gold When Told That the
American Dollar Is Worth Only
Fifty Cents.
HAZLETON, Pa., June 22. — The
monthly paydays of many of the contrac
tors of this region were in the past week,
and considerable trouble was experienced
in paying off the foreign element. They
refused to take paper or silver money.
For the last week or two Anthony Reitz,
a well-educated Austrian who speaks sev
eral languages, has been among tbe for
eigners and put it into their heads that
the silver dollar was not worth more than
50 cents, and when any foreigner expressed
a doubt regarding his statement he read
extracts from an American newspaper to
substantiate his argument.
Jacob Ho an, a contractor, who is build
ing the reservoir at Buck Mountain, em
ploys 300 men who had listened to Reitz's
arguments, and the result was that the
men heid a meeting and decided they
would ail be cold men, not only politically,
but commercially, and that their labor
should be traded on a sound-money basis
only.
Reitz, who is an under-boss, communi
cated this fact to Contractor Hogan Thurs
day. The men were to be paid their
month's wages on Saturday. It did not
strike Hogan at that time that there
would be any difficulty in paying tbe men
in gold. He called at his bank and de
manded $I'JOO in gold. He was struck
dumb when the teller told him he could
not get that sum in the entire county.
Out of $11,000,000 on deposit in the several
banks of the county it is estimated that
scarcely half the required amount of gold
is in circulation.
The laborers, however, have refused to
go beyond the $f> limit on silver, and the
contractor is very much embarrassed in
consequence.
Reinsurance of a Ship.
LONDON, Eng., June 22.— Sixty guineas
premium has been paid for reinsuranc on
the American ship City of Philadelphia,
Captain Johnson, which sailed from New
York, February 2, for San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
LITTLE JOCKEY
HATHERSALL DEAD,
Tragic Fate of the Smallest
Rider on the Amer
ican Turf.
THROWN FROM JIMMY.
Trampled Upon by Other Horses
in the Race, the Lad
Soon Expires.
ENTRIES FOR THE SUBURBAN
It Is B?lieved That the Victory Lies
Between Henry of Navarre
and Clifford.
CHICAGO, 111., June 22.— A fatal acci
dent happened to little Jockey Hathersall
in the first race at Forsyth to-day. The
event was a mile selling affair and Hather
sall had the mount on Little Jin>my, one
of Ed Corrigan's horses. In roundinar the
far turn for home, Big Strive, the favorite,
and Frank Jaubert wedged and bumped
Little Jimmy, causing the horse to stumble
and tos«ing the boy over his head. The
little jockey was tramped upon by the
other horses. He was removed to the
Baptist Hospital, where he died half an
hour afterward. The boy was only 15
years of age and the lightest jockey in
America. Three favorites won the events:
One mile, Big Strive won, Frank .Taubert
second, La Crescent third. Time, I:4ls£.
four mid a half furlongs, Golden Tide won,
Brescia second, Michael Mclnerney third.
Time, :56.
One mile, Springtime won, King Bor« sec
ond, Lougdale third. Time, 1:4 11...I 1 ...
Six furlongs, Rubberneck won, Revenue
second, Virgio Dixon third. Time, 1 :14' 41 .
One mile, Ragner won, Raciiael MeAiister
second, Cunarder third. Time, I:42J£.*
Five furlongs, Merry Monarch won, imp.
Poll Measure second, Fate way third. Time,
l:01' 4 .
BT. LOUIS, Mo., June 22.— A lot of
money went on Favorine, winner of the
second race, at 60 to 1, and he closed at 2f>.
Hex was the only winning favorite. Three
second picks and* two outsiders took the
others. Track muddy.
Five furlongs, Queen Sofia won, Gladys II
second, Mattie hell third. Time. 1 :03%. '
Seven and a half furlongs, Favoriue won,
Bertha second, Cutaway third. Time, 1:40.
Five furlongs. Fervor won, Aquinas second,
luka third. Time, 1 :()■!' 2 .
Mile and a sixteenth, Hex won. Hawthorne
second, Meatrie third. Time, 1:55.
Six furlongs, Johnny McH'ale won, Con
stantine second, Braw Scot third. Time,
I:l*',.
Seven furlongs, Schiller won. Salvable sec
ond, Bing Binger third. Time, 1 :30?<£.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June 22.—
Five furlongs, John McKlroy won, Captain
Pearsall second, Dr. Catlett third. Time,
1:01%.
Seven furlongs, Yellow Rose won, Carrie
Lyle second, Cyclone third. Time, 1:28.
Five furlongs, Adowa won, Duleenea second,
Mareppa third. Time, 1 :02.
One and an eighth miles, Semper Ergo won,
Lobengula second, Ida Pickwick third. Time,
1 :03}4. -■
One mile, Letcher won, John Havlin second,
Countess Irma third. Time, 1 :±l%.
FOR THE SHERMAN HANDICAP.
List of Starters and Thtir Jockeys in
the Ilia Race.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 22.— The entry
list for tne SnburDan handicap to be run
to-morrow was made public this after
noon. The following are the announced
starters and their jockeys:
Henry of Navarre, Griffin.
Nankipooh, Doggett.
Hornpipe, Hamilton.
Sir Walter, Ballard.
Belmar, Simms.
Clifford. Taral.
The Commoner, Clayton.
The race promises to be one of the best
suburbans in years, for none but the best
horses in training are left in. The track
was very heavy last night after the rain,
but it has been drying out fast to-day, and,
except in some places, was in a fairly good
condition this afternoon. Superintend
ent Park said it would be as fast as at any
time since it was built, and trainers agreed
with him.
Clifford and Navarre each did their last
work in 2:10, and both Rogers and Hyland,
their respective trainers, think the race
lies between them, although they have a
high respect for The Commoner.
RYAN WINN THE FIGHT,
Defeats " Shadow " Maber of Australia
at llufl'nlo.
BUFFALO, N. Y-. June 22.— The two
weiter-woijrhtp, Tommy Ryan of Syracuse
and "Siiadow" Maber, the Australian, met
at the Lyceum Theater to-night under the
auspices of the Empire Athletic Club for a
twenty-round battle. The men entered
the ring about 10 o'clock, Maber weighing
152 pounds, while Ryan tipped the beam
at 147. Both men were in good condition.
Ryan had the best of the right from the
>tart, but M;iberdifl some very clever work.
There were no knockdowns and the battle
was a clean one. In the ninth round Ryan
landed repeatedly, and ended the light by
a heavy heart-blow.
Round I— Maber led. Rj-an planted his left
In the stomach. Tlie remainder of the round
was spent in fiddling.
Round 2— Ryan led with his left and landed
one, and then led Maber a merry chase around
the rintf. His ex liiii it ion oi footwork was Kim
ply wonderful. Toward the close of the round
Ryan led twice, landing on the neck.
Round 3— Miiber was willing but his lunges
struck the nir. Ryan retaliated with his left
on the stomach and tue right and left on the
wind. Maber had Ryan in a corner, but the
latter got away without damage. In a mix-up
Ryan put his right on the neck.
Round 4— Kach landed leits on the fac°.
Mm bet put a left swing on Ryan's wind. About
this time be began to show signs of exhaus
tion. Ryan landed a terrific left on the jaw,
the round ending.with a clinch.
Round 5— Ryan put his left on the point of
Maker's jaw. Maber countered lightly. A
left on Maber's nose earned first blood for
Ryan. Maber put a hard right on Ryan's ribs,
but received three effective lefts on the face
which staggered him.
Round o— Ryan did all the leadinp, landing
left and right on the ribs, making Matter
wince. The latter put his left on the neck.
Round 7— Maber put in his left and right on
the jaw, but they were too light to do much
damage. Ryan swung with ri^ht for the body,
but missed. Maber put his right on the jaw
and staggered Ryan, and followed it with a
hard drive on the rios. Ryan jabbed Maber
in the stomach and followed it up with a
right on the face. As the gong sounded Ryan
shot I] is left into Maber's wind.
Round 8— There was a light interchange, the
first blow of consequence being Ryan's left on
Miibers kidneys.
Round 9— Ryan had all the best of the
round. He played repeatedly for Maber's kid
neys and landed half a dozen times. A lively
Interchange followed, and a heart blow dou
bled Maber up. He was carried to his corner
and his seconds gnve up the fight.
There were two prelim inary bouts be
fore the Maber-Ryan fight. The first was
a six-round affair between Joe Burke and
Jack Flynn, local lightweights. It was
one of the fiercest goes for its length that
have occurred in this city in years. Flynn
was given the decision.
Honby the American Team.
SYRACUSE. N. V., June 22.— A cable-
gram just received from Paris gives the
news that the international team race at
Bordeaux yesterday waswon by the Amer
ican team composed of Kiser, Wheeler and
Murphy.
In the international scratch Murphy
beat out a field, which was composed of
the men who have been winning from
Johnson and his colleagues.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Hoy's Muff of a Fly Loses a Game for
the. Cineinnatis.
CHICAGO, 111., June 22.— Hoy's muff of a
long fly from Decker's bat In the eighth in
ning lost the game for the Cineinnatis to-day,
as It let in two runs after two men had been
retired. It was the closest kind of a contest
up to that time, as both pitchers were in the
finest form. Attendance 2500. Score: Chi
cagos—3, (>, 3; Cineinnatis— l, 9, 3. Batter
ies — Grittitli and Kittridge; Ehretand Peitz.
Umpire— Lynch.
BOSTON, Mass., June 22.— Mercer pitched
great ball and was unfathomable at critical
points. The game was full of exciting periods.
Score: Bostons— 3, <>, 3; Washingtons— 4, 12,
4. Batteries— Sullivan and Tenny; Mercer
and McQuire. Umpire — Ems lie.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 22.— The cham
pions fell upon Lucia in the second inning to
day and hit him almost at will throughout.
Their rur.-gettinc was also aided by the sloppy
fielding of the Phillies. Score: Philadelpnlaß—
3,t>, 2; Baltimore*— l4,2o, 3. Batteries— Lucid
and Grady; Hemmina; and Clark. Umpire-
Hurst.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 22.— Inability to
bunch hits lost Cleveland the game to-day.
Mack's men had on their batting clothes arid
made hits. Score: Clevelands— 2, 8, 3; Pitts
burgs— 4, 14, 1. Batteries— Young and O'Con
nor; Killen and Sutrden. Umpire— Weidman.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 22.— a shake-up of
the Louisville Club had a marked effect to
day. Hill's bases on oalls gave the Browns
their only run. The Colonels won by good
batting ana daring bast-running. Score:
Louisvilles— s. 10, 2; St. Louis— l, 4, 1. Bat
teries — Hill and Warner; Hart and Murphy.
Umpire — Sheridan.
TALE CREW AT PRACTICE.
Englishmen Praise the Long Stroke of
the Americans.
LONDON, Eng., June 22.— Trinity Hall
was the first to take the water for practice
to-day. The Yale men filed out at 11:20
o'clock and rowed for an hour at a twenty
six stroke to the minute. The Leander
boat crew made its first appearance on tbe
river to-day and rowed in practice at a
twenty-eight stroke with a clean finish.
The Yale men are noticeably improving.
The English oarsmen now "praise their
lengthened stroke, and no longer consider
it like that of Cornell.
Emperor Joseph on Universal Suffrage.
VIENNA, Austria, June 22. — In con
versation at the Austrian delegation din
ner, Emperor Joseph, referring to the new
electoral reform law, said: "I know well
enough that the newly created electors
will not be satisfied, but universal suffrage
has been a failure in all countries where
the system has been introduced. It does
not suit Austria."
\To indict the Raiders.
LONDON, Exg., June 22.— 1n the Cen
tral Criminal Court, Old Bailey, to-day the
recorder. Sir Forrest Fulton, charged the
Grand Jury, advising that body to find a
true bill against Dr. Leander S. Jameson
and his fallow officers in the Transvaal
raid — Hon. Henry P. Coventry, Major R.
White, Colonel H. P. White, Major Sir
John Willoughby and Colonel R. Grey —
who were held for trial in the Bow-street
court last week for violation of the foreign
enlistment act. The Grand Jury retired
after the charge, and at 7 o'clock this even
ing had not returned.
Just an Act of Ood.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, June 22.—
The Czar has ordered that the inquiry into
the cause that led to the terrible disaster
on the Hodynsky Plain during the coro
nation fetes at Moscow, when upward of
2.500 peraons were crushed or trampled to
deatn, be dropped for the reason that a
number of the exalted personages have
been shown to have been implicated. The
disaster will therefore be ascribed to .an
act of God.
Consolation for fian Francisco.
GLASGOW. Scotland, June 22.— The
Presbyterian Convention holding its sit
tings here during the last few days agreed
to-day that the next convention be held in
Washington in I*!*). The council also
passed a resolution expressing thanks for
the invitation extended from San Fran
cisco to hold the next convention in that
city and expressing regret that the coun
cil was unable to accept.
Ar«> Italian Cardinal* and Tiishops.
ROME, Italy, June 22.— The Pope at
the secret consistory held to-day created
four Cardinals and twelve Italian Bishops.
The prelates elevated to the cardinalate
were Monsignors Ferrata, Cretoni, Ja
r.obini and Agliardi. respectively papal
nuncios at Paris, Madrid, Lisbon and
Vienna.
Sir Augustus Harris Dead.
LONDON, Exg., June 22.— Sir Augustus
Harris, the well-known theatrical and op
eratic manager, died at 10:30 o'clock to
night.
MINISTER TORU TALKS,
While Speeding East He Repeats
His Nice Sentiments About
America.
Japan, He Declares, Cannot Be Cal le 1
a Rival to the United
States.
OMAHA, Nekr., June 22.— Hosbi Toru,
the newly appointed Minister from Japan
to the United States, passed through tnis
city to-day on his way East. In an inter
view on political and economic questions
he said :
*'I am no stranger in America, having
been here before on two occasions. I have
never before, however, been over the
Union Pacific or the overland route, I be
lieve you cal! it, having on my previous
trips gone by way of the Canadian Pacific.
lam much pleased by the new route, and
if you do not call it an advertisement I
would like to have you say this: Japan
has made wonderful progress in all lines
of manufacturing products, but I don't
think that the country can be called a rival
of the United States. Our factories are still
in their infancy, and it will be many years
before we can really be said' to be competi
tors of the United States. We have com
mittees now en route to this country to
inspect your electrical progress. You aiv
not to believe from this that we are wholly
deficient in this regard in our country,
but we are always looking for an improve
ment in everything that we have.
"As regards the late war, I don't believe
that tbe war feeling has entirely died out;
what you would call patriotism is still
manifest throughout the country.
"As regards Korea, it is true that both
Russia and Japan have a watchful eye
over it, but it is an independent country.
The relations between Japan and Russia
are most friendly.
"America— and by America I mean the
United States— has always had a warm
place in the hearts of the Japanese, and
we have for everything pertaining to the
United States a most warm and enthusi
astic feeling. There is no danger in the
world of Japan becoming a formidable foe
to your industries."
Treasury Gold. Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jane 22.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $102,221,967. The
day's withdrawals were ${Jd6,700.
INTENDED AS AN
OLIVE BRANCH,
Whitney's Letter in the
Nature of a Silver
Compromise.
IS INSPIRED BY GROVER.
But the Administration Men Are
Rather Late in Their
Work.
SOUNDING ALL THE DELEGATES
Determinfd but Futile Attempts to
Turn a Majority to the
Gold Standard.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 22.— The
letter of ex-Secretary Whitney is regarded
. by Democrats here as being in the nature
of a compromise tendered the free-silver
wing of the Democratic party. Mr. "Whit
j ney is understood as receding from the
I single-gold standard assumed by President
Cleveland in his recent interview, and
favoring a straddle on "international bi-
m etallism." For weeks it has been con
ceded that the free-silver element will
control the Chicago convention, not only
Dy a majority, but by a more than two
thirds vote, thus insuring the naming of
an out-and-out silver candidate, to stand
upon a free-coinage platform.
At the eleventh hour, after three-fourths
of tfie delegates to the approaching con
! vention had been selected, and after Mr.
Cleveland had issued a proclamation de
■ daring in favor or gold monometallism,
; without any redeeming sop to the disaf
fected faction of the party, Mr. Whitney
is persuaded to forego a European trip and
step into the breach with an olive branch
of peace. The olive branch i-xtended by
Mr. Whitney is the same old declaration
regarding the international bimetallism
I that has appeared in the platform of the
dominant political parties for many Na
tional campaigns. It means nothing, it is
i said, and is on the alleged principle of
' homeopathic remedies which are said to
ido no harm, even if they do no good. In
i short, Mr. Whitney has been selected to
| head a movement intended to prevent
| silver supremacy at the Chicago conven-
I tion, and, failing in the attempt, to offer
' bimetallism as a harmonizing compro
j misc.
This is regarded as the meat in the
| cocoanut, so far as Mr. Whitney's letter is
I concerned. Whitney will receive the
; earnest support of every prominent Fed
i eral office-holder, beginning with the
President. The first practical move in
that direction made here was to secure a
list of all delegates-elect to the Chicago
j convention. More than two-thirds of
these have been chosen. All delegates
chosen who are either instructed for silver
or are believed to incline to silver will at
: once be communicated with personally,
! and the delegations lor weeks past have
| been receiving "sound money" literature
; from the New York and Boston reform
| clubs, but they will now, it is asserted,
1 be solicited by letter. Efforts will also be
■ made to ascertain their standing in their
I communities and what influence, if any,
of a local or National nature can be
I brought to bear upon them to change
their views on the money question. To
this end prominent bankers and mer-
chants in communities in which delegates
Preside wiJl be written to for information^
| and when in hand this information, with
i any political pressure that can be brought
from their fellow-Democrats, locally or
j nationally, will be utilized in the direction
I of the well-known views of the adminis-
tration.
The President and ex-Secretary Whit
ney have commenced their campaign too
late. They are locking the stable door
after the horse has been stolen. It is
pointed out that their standing for the
views of the administration have been
beaten at every turn. Secretary Carlisle
tried to save Kentucky, but only one dis
trict in the State pronounced for gold.
Senator Bryce has been completely
routed in Ohio, and the State Convention
Which meets to-morrow will be almost
unanimous for free silver. Secretary
Smith took the stump in Georgia until he
lost his temper and ex-Speaker Crisp lost
his voice, but the result was an over
whelming administration defeat. Secre
tary Herbert could not control his own
State of Alabama. Nebraska slip]>ed°away
from Secretary Morton. Attorney-General
Harmon will not even try to stem the tide
in Ohio. Will the fate of free silver de
pend upon a union of Western Republican
States with the Southern Democratic
States? Must there be a coalition of
Western Republican silverites with the
Democrats of the South? And if this
combination is effected what ticket that
may be named for President and Vice-
President can deieat McKmley and Ho
bart? Union of effort means a union
ticket— a man from the West and a man
from the South.
The Republicans of the West claim the
right to name the man for first place. Dis
putes forward Mr. Teller. And, more
than that, the West insists that he must
be taken. The West has no words of dis
paragement for the Southern leaders, but
Mr. Teller, as :t believes, is the one man
in the whole country who by his ag
gressive services stands most eminently
and distinctly for silver's cause, and there
fore the man to represent it this year.
Teller himself is silent, but available. He
knows what is going on in his interests,
and he is not objecting. Mr. Dubois, hi->
protege and bosom friend, and now also
liis fellow-bolter and representative, puts
the case with entire frankness. Effective
union is impossible without Mr. Teller as
the enndidate.
For second place several strong men are
mentioned. They are, of course, South
ern men, and thoroughly representative
of their section. Any one of them would
be entirely acceptable to the Western
man. Daniel of Virginia is one of these.
He is a typical Southern man. He has
always stood for silver. He was in the
company of those who resisted with all
their might the repeal of the purchasing
clause of the Sherman act. Being a
speaker of high repute, he is put forward
in the debates, and tackles the biggest of
the goldbugs.
Captain Evan Howell of the Atlanta
Constitution is mentioned. Captain Howel 1
has never held ofiice, but with his pen has
done a great deal for silver. Georgia's po
sition in the silver line is accredited as
much to his influence as to that exerted
by Mr. Crisp. The two men have worked
together in perfect accord. Captain How
ell was among the first to urge that the
West and South should 'anite to restore
silver to its former place a3 money of re
demption in this country.
A third and interesting man mentioned
is Eustis of Louisiana. And an interest
ing announcement just now is that Mr.
Eustis is on the ocean on his way home
for a visit. He will land in New York
next Saturday. Although in office under
this administration, he is a silver man.
His most notable speech while he was in
the Senate was in advocacy of the free
coinage of silver, and it was regarded as
the most notable speech of that session on
that subject. It is likewise urged in sup
port ot Mr. Eustis that he is a thorough
American, and in his London speech last
year led all those members of his party
who have since insisted on a stiff assertion
of American rights and American obliga
tions. He found his voice on that subject
eight months before his chief in the White
House did.
The list is a pretty full one. Walt Hall
of Mississippi, Morgan of Alabama, Bland
of Missouri and Culberson of Texas are all
in it.
FIRM FOR SOUND MONEY,
But Ex-Governor Russell of Massa-
chusetts Is Not After the Presi
dential Nomination.
BOSTON, Mass., June 22.— When seen
to-day in regard to the report that he was
going to Chicago with ex-Secretary Whit
ney, Ex-Governor W. E. Russell said:
"At the earnest request of Mr. Whitney
and others I am going to Chicago with him
to give whatever help I can in the struggle
in the Democratic party for sound money
against free silver. My own view 3on the
subject are well known and have been
often stated. Believing the issue to be of
the gravest importance, not only to the
country, but to tbe present and future of
the Democratic party, I cannot remain
inactive if it is thought I can
be of any service at Chicago. I
cannot, however, go to Chicago under the
least suspicion that I am there for any
personal reasons, nor can I take part in
this right embarrassed by any personal in
terest in the result. I shall, therefore, de
cline to have my name presented to tne
convention as a candidate.
"I believe in making the stoutest pos
sible fight for sound money and the gold
standard and shall not give up the fight
until the votes are counted. I consider it
both a duty and a privilege to take part in
this strugzle, and I shall do it with my
whole heart, unembarrassed by any per
sonal considerations and in the earnest
hope and belief that the Democratic con
vention will be both sound in its platform
and iis candidates."
CHA MPIONS S UFFRA G E.
Chairman Wright Retires From the lowa
State Prohibition Committee.
MASON CITY, lowa, June 22.—Chair
man B. F. Wright of the State Prohibi
tion Committee, has resigned his position,
to take effect at the first meeting of the
committee. He cannot stand on the Na
tional platform of his party because of its
failure to declare for woman's suffrage,
and claims this step is forced upon him.
Oiven a Silver Holt.
PUEBLO, Colo., June 22. —Senator
Frank Cannon, returning to liis home in
Utah from the St. Louis convention, was
given a rousing reception here to-day.
After he had delivered an address to the
people, Hon. I. W. Stanton, on behalf of
tbe citizens?, presented him with a silver
Dolt.
Joe Sayers Renotninated.
AUSTIN, Tex., June 22. -The Congres
sional Democratic Convention here to-day
renominated Joe Sayers without opposi
tion. A resolution was passed favoring
the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1.
HIGHLY ROMANTIC.
France's Greatest Living Painter Weds His
American Pupil After Twenty Years'
Courtship.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 22.— The little
chapel in the Rue Notre Dame dcs
Champs, Paris, was the scene to-day of
the marriage of Miss Elizabeth M. Gardner
of Boston and William A. Bouguereau, the
famous French, painter. Miss Gardner is
the first American woman who has re
ceived the gold medal of the Pans Salon
for a picture. She is a native of Exeter,
N. H., and twenty-fire years aeo went to
Paris to stud}' art. After two years in the
schools she established an easel in the
studio of M. Bouguereau. Siie was then 20,
while he was 45. They fell in love and be
came engaged. Out owing to the objections
of M. Bouguereau's, mother to his mar
riage with a foreigner the nuptials were
delayed for twenty years. Mme. Bou
guereau died last winter at the advanced
agoofitl. Miss Gardner is described as
being very attractive, cordial, sympa
thetic and without affectation. She is a
woman of lofty and noble character and
NEW TO-DAT.
EAGLESON&CD.
■AT
Factory Prices!
OUTING SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY, ETC.
748 ASD 750 MARKET STREET, S.F.
242 MOSTCOJIERY STREET, S. F.
'. I
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.
of literary as well as artistic attainments.
In 1887 she was awarded the gold medal of
the Paris Salon for her picture "Impu
dence." M. Bouguereau is generally rec
ognized as the greatest living French.
artist. He has been a widower for twenty
years. The ceremony, although private,
will be one of the most brilliant ever cele
brated in Paris.
KILLED IN A BARTENDER.
"Birdie" Maronry's Career of Crime
Closed by a Bullet.
CHICAGO, 111., Jnne 22.— "Birdie" Ma
roney, a well-known Chicago thief, was in
stantly killed to-night while trying to hold
| up a saloon at the corner of Clurk and
I Taylor streets, and his partner, James
Bartley, was seriously wounded.
The two went into Clark's saloon this
morning, and with drawn revolvers took a
valuable ring from the Soger of the bar
tender, Jim Harris. No money was se
cured. The robbers went away, threaten
ing to return. Clark immediately went
out and purchased two revolvers and was
on the lookout for the robbers when they
returned to-night. Maroney had com
menced operations by striking the bar
tender in the face, when Clark commenced
firing. The place was filled with people
j of had character and a panic ensued.
, mew ? to-day:
Spend j|.
Tuesday /jßfi
With <s3
Us. ■ TTir
Bright 11
Chaps J i
LIKE BRIGHT, SMART
LOOKING CLOTHES.
Those right swell Scotches
in bright spring colorings,
in the latest overplaids and
checks; they are $7, $6 and
$5 values. Swell bargains
at those prices. To-day,
$3.50.
The Hat Department is
showing up right smart
things in hats for boys. Big
Bargains in Straws.
In our Juvenile Furnish-
ings Department we are
showing up some hand-
some French Percale
j Waists; also in those pretty
French Blues, at
25c.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated)
9, 11, 13 and 15
KEABjYY STREET.
HURRAH
FOR THE
FOURTH
From Now on Up to JULY 4, '96, W«
Will Give With Kach Purchase of a
BOY'S SUIT
At Either of Our Stores, a Box of
FIREWORKS
! FREE.
Composed of the following: 3 packages Crackers,
1 Ruby Light, 1 Sparkllns Bomb, 1 Slower Pot, 1
Red Gem, 1 Young America Srjute, 1 Miniature
KeO Torch. 1 'Holier- Wheel, 1 Yellow Jacket, 1
Bee Hive, 1 box lied Fire, 3 Pin Wheels, 3 Blue
Lights, 1 package Torpedoes, 1 Pistol, 1 dozen
packages Cup 1 Volcano, 1 Sky Rocket, 3 One*
ball Candles, 2 pieces punk.
THE OLD I X L,
L. V. MERLE, Proprietor.
616 to 620 Kearny Street, 646 Sacra-
mento Street, 647 and 649 Commer-
cial Street: also Branch Store, 45
and 47 Sixth Street, corner Mission.
NOTICE TO^SHIPOWNERS.
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with its hydrants.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
pror.ose to erect on the seawall, between Howard
and Mission streets. ships lying in - the stream
will be Informed at the above office, at the time of
making such' applications, from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonable *
notice must be Riven in all cases, and applications
will be tilled at the earliest convenience, between,
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily, Sundays and
holidays . excepted, unless specially contracted
otherwise
By order of the Board of Directors.
..PELUAM W. AMES, Secretary.
34
POLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST.
Hon. John Willey of Seattle
Joins the Silver
Bolters.
NO MORE A REPUBLICAN.
The Evening News Deserts and
Criticizes the St. Louis
Convention.
BIMETALLISTS AT GRIDLEY.
Delegates to the National Convention
Instructed to Vote for
Teller.
SEATTLE, WAffl., June 22.— Hon. John
Willey, an able lawyer and one of the fore
most Republicans of this State, in a letter
to the chairman of the State Central Com
mittee, severed his connection with that
party to-day. He will follow the lead of
Senator Teller and associates. In part Mr.
Willey says:
"The Republican party, in its National
platform, having made a declaration of
principles at variance with my sense of
right, can no longer claim my allegiance.
I leave it in search of another upon whose
banner shall De inscribed both principles
and men.
"I suggest," the bimetallist continues,
•that in order to accommodate Dondhold
ers as well as to avoid a race problem, the
next Republican Convention be held in
London. When I took passage on the
ship Republicanism it was bound for Bi
metallism. You have now altered her
course and propose to land heratGold
standardville. It is a luxury for few and
yellow fever and famine for many. I re
fuse either to continue the voyage or to
land nt the place. My protest has been
over-iuled and I now claim the right to
take at least my self-respect, go overboard
and make for the nearest land."
Willey concludes: "John Sherman,
standing in the Ohio convention in 1895,
lifted his guilty hands to heaven and
called upon thp American people to rise
above party and settle this question. I
arise; good-by."
The News, an afternoon Republican
paper, edited by Colonel George G. Lyon,
an army veteran, has also bolted because
of the financial plank of the National plat
form. Ol" Vice-Presidential Candidate
Hobart it says: "He is the receiver for
three bankrupt railroad companies and of
a burst National bank, is a director of
several banks still doing business, a di
rector of several railroads not yet surren
dered to the courts and of a large number
of other corporations."
Discussing the convention, the writer
continues: "In the railroad yards at St.
Louis during the convention were twenty
eight palace cars, especially appointed,
royally equipped and stocked with extrav
agance and luxury in food and drink that
are said to have characterized the orgies of
the later Roman Emperors. Whom did
these chariots bear to the city on the Mis
sissippi ? Where were the common people ?
Whence came their representation in that
convention?"
SECOSD DISIHICI SILTERITES,
Old Parties Denounced and Teller's Can
didacy Indorsed.
GRIDLEY, Cal., June 22.— The silver
party of the Second Senatorial District
held an enthusiastic convention in Gridley
to-day, to select delegates to the National
Convention, which meets in St. Louis on
Juiy 22. R. M. Bee Dee, president of the
Gridley Bimetallic Club, was chosen presi
dent and Ridgely Tilden of Chico secre
tary. Dr. F. W. Benjamin of Oroville was
elected delegate and R, M. Beebee alter
nate.
The resolutions adopted, declare against
the evils of the goid standard; in favor of
free silver, independent of the action of
any other power; instruct the delegates to
support that peerless patriot and unflinch
ing friend of the industrial and producing
classes, Henry M. Teller of Colorado, for
President and denounce "Cleveland De
mocracy and Mark Hanna Republican
ism." 'These resolutions were introduced
by Judge Cram, a life-long Democrat.
The convention was composed of former
prominent Democrats and Republicans.
It adjourned with cheers for Teller.
Merced School Election.
MERCED, Cal., June 22.— 1n the elec
tion for school trustee of this district on
June 4, each candidate received 165 votes.
The board of trustees called a special elec
tion, which came of to-day. Four hundred
and thirty-eight votes were polled, di
vided as follows: J-. A. Norvell 238, Dr.
L. H. Bradley, 200.
MARCUS AURELIUS
HANNA AT HOME,
Continued from Krit rage.
business methods. Punctuality being one
of these methods, he went into the field a
month earlier than any of the enemy, and
when they arrived on the trround they
found that Hanna's men had the fort. In
precinct primaries and ward meetings
McKinley men were selected as delegates
to the State conventions, and these, in
turn, instructed their delegates to the Na
tional Convention to vote for William Mc-
Kinley so long as there existed a reason
able hope of his success. Mr. Hanna had
already secured control of the National
Committee, and in the contested-election
cases McKinley men were seated in prefer
ence to others, thus patching up any
weak spots there might be in the conven
tion. The enemy were taken by surprise,
and the session was more of a rout than a
battle. McKinley's forces were so much
superior in numbers that.the opposition
surrendered hands down in the presence
of a generalship so surpa=singly great.
I came over from Canion to Cleveland
last night for the purpose of sizing up
this man who bad so unmistakably proved
himself to be the foremost politician in
the United States. He came down to his
office in the Perry building late this morn
ing and a dozen people were waiting to
Bee him, some about iron, some about
coal, some about copper, some about ships
e-nd others who wanted to be appointed
Postmasters or foreign Consuls, and who
would bo willing, if tl ire were no vacan
cies in those positions, to accept situations
as gripmen or conductors on Mr. Hanna's
lines of electric cars in Cleveland. I found
Mr. Hanna to be a very jovial gentleman,
with a full round face of the Scotch or
English type. He is of medium height
ana heavily built, without any tendency
to corpulency. Hair and complexion are
sandy and eyes are gray, but the little
lamb-c',^* whiskers on his cheeks are
sbowing the frost of his fifty and two or
three more years. In facial appearance
and complexion he is the opposite of Mr.
McKinley, who has aquiline features,
with a large chin set well forward.
Mr. Hanna's nose conies outward and
upward. His upper lip is thin and con
vex ; his under lip a little fuller and closed
evenly against the upper. People who ad
mire and esteem square chins will be dis
appointed in Mr. Hanna's. It is a small
one with the point projecting forward and
upward and is made to look smaller than
it really is by the large double - chin
underneath. Mi. McKinley's complexion
is of a swarthy olive color, while Mr.
Hanna's is that of a man whose fresh pink
color has been produced by the cool sea
breezes of San Francisco. I found him
very affable, quick to grasp the complete
significance of a question and repdy to re
ply upon the instant. He walks rapidly
and has an alert air. There is an absence
from his features of anything that would
signify cure or worry. In the midst of the
one thousand and one minute and other
wise complicated details of half a dozen
different businesses he does not rave or
fret or worry. Everything is taken up in
its order and disposed of coolly and
quietly. Mr. Hanna's countenance be
tokened a man who loves the good things
of life, and lam told that his face does
not belie him. He would, no doubt, be in
his element discussing politics with a few
good friends in the Maison Riche, Tor
toni's, Marchand's, Deimorico, the Pup
and the Poodle Dog and the score of lesser
known French restaurants, all of which
are found in San Francisco, but not in St.
Louis, Cleveland or New York. The in
domitable good humor of the man keeps
his mind in a state of equipose and se
renity.
To "rattle" Mart: Hanna on any propo
sition would be equivalent to putting
the sun in cold storage. Several
times during our conversation hechuckled
with much inward satisfaction whenever
reference was made to his success as a
politician. However, as in the case of Mr.
McKinley, he declined to talK politics and
chuckled as he declined. I asked him as
to the feeling among the friends of Mr.
McKinley with relation to California's
claim for recognition at the hands of the
Republican party. "With a sly twinkle in
his eyes and just a little bit of a chuckle
he replied that when the McKinley ad
ministration should have been installed it
would be a matter for determination, but
not before. He evidently desired me to
infer from his manner that neither him
self nor McKinley had made any promises
regarding California and its claims for
recognition by the National Government.
Mr. Hanna was more communicative
when asked as to his political experience,
and he chuckled ail through the telling of
it. He began political life in 1880 when he
was one of the managers of the cam
paign in this State. In the campaigns of
l v - J. ISSS, and 1892 he had some experi
ence as a delegate to the National conven
tion and as a political manager. In 1884
and LBBB he supported John Sherman.
I asKed him. whetuer his having gone
into the field in this present campaign ear
lier than his opponents had not been a
very large factor of his success in procur
ing Major McKinley's nomination, but he
declined to admit that the earliness of the
bird had had so much to do with the
catching of the worm. He preferred to
make a better point by saying that the
large factor in the case was that the peo
ple wanted Major McKinley for the Presi
dency.
"Yes," he added, with an air of reverie,
"I went out early into the fight." Then he
chuckled once more and the double chin
trembled with glee. Finding him in such
good humor, I tried him again.
"Do you know as a matter of fact what
is the sentiment of the people, the people
■who work in the factories, who dig iron
ore and coal, the men who keep small
shops, the clerks, the doctors, the lawyers,
the laborers, the mechanics and the farm
ers on the currency question?"
■\Vithout a moment's hesitation he re
plied: "Tile people are in favor of sound
money, of a currency which means a dol
lar when it is stamped as a dollar and
whose face value does not fluctuate."
In reply to another question, Mr. Hanna
said that he was engaged in various busi
ness enterprises. He mentioned the min
ing of iron ore, the making of pic iron,
ship building, some other manufacturing
industries md running street cars. Most
of these enterprises are in and around
Cleveland. He had a few mines around
Lake Superior and coal mines in Penn
sylvania. Mr. Hanna spoke of those
"some" and those "few >: mines and val
uable properties with as much indiffer
ence as another man would tell that he
owned a few head of horses. It is not his
ownership of those important properties,
however, which is remarkable. It is
rather the fact that he can handle them at
a profit in these days of hot competition
and split nickels, and that all the cares,
the risks, the complications, the innumer
able petty details which mu-t be taken
into account have not placed a wrinkle on
his cheeks nor a frown upon his forehead.
In his case the more complications the
more chuckles.
Mr. Hanna possesses all the qualifica
tions requisite for a popular and success
ful Secretary of the Treasury. He wtnt to
Canton to-day to see Major McKinley and
to invite him to spend a few weeks yacht
ing on Lake Erie before beginning the ac
tive work of the campaicn.
John Paul Cosgbavk.
HONORS TO HOBART.
Brilliant Celebration at Paterson
to Ratify His Nomination for
Vice- President.
PATERSON, N. J., June 22.— The city
was brilliantly illuminated and decorated
to-night in honor ol Garrett A. Hobart's
nomination for Vice- President. Between
5000 and GOOO citizens of all political parties
joined in a procession.
Judge John Hopper, a Democrat, and
Governor John W. Grigns spoke at the
reception, and Mr. Hobart replied briefly.
He confined his remarks to the city and
people of Paterson, and said he would
rather have the esteem and confidence of
the people as manifested to-night than
any office within the gift of any political
organization. Ai the conclusion of his
speech he quoted the following from
Robert Burns:
The bridegroom may forget thp bride who was
made his wedded wife yestere'en,
The monarch may forget the crown that on his
brow in honor has been,
The mother may forget the babe that smiles so
sweetly on her knee,
Bui I'll remember tliee, Glencalrn, and alt that
thou bast dune for me.
The surest way for a man to be robbed of his
good name is to write it on bis umbrella.—
Paris Messenger.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
AN EPITOME OF
SAN JOSE NEWS,
Murderous Onslaught by a
Maniac May Result
in a Death.
PARKER WILL CONTEST.
Marshall Pomeroy Says the
Decedent Was Pleased With
His Last Codicil.
MRS. SIMPSON'S DIVORCE SUIT.
Latest Whim of the Woman Who
Loved St. Ciair, the Executed
Murderer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 22.— Henry Hess,
the 19-year-old son of L. hess, who con
ducts a dyeing establishment at the cor
ner of Eighth and San Fernando streets,
became violently insane about 1 o'clock
this afternoon. Young Hess was in the
dyeing works at the time, and in his vio
lence he attacked Hugo Temple, an em
ploye. He threw Temple across a table,
.and placing his knee on his chest, began
to choke him. Temple was badly bruised,
the corner of the table striking his abdo
men. His chest was also injured and a
hemorrhage resulted. He is believed to be
in a serious condition.
For the past two or three weeKs young
Hess has been gradually losing his mind,
and has been under the care of a physi
cian. Yesterday afternoon he ran away
from home and did not return until this
morning. His parents were about to
take him to Santa Cruz, thinking a change
would do him good.
Hess was arrested by Officers Allen and
Sin it hey and taken to the County Jail,
where he was placed in a straitjackct
and straps.
JUST AS HE WANTED IT.
Capitalist Parker's Remark to a Friend
Concerning Hi* Will.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. June 22.— At the open
ing of the Parker will contest tnis morn
ing Marshall I'omeroy was recalled to the
stand to make a few corrections in his
testimony given last Thursday. At that
time the witness had stated that he did
not know of the existence of the will and
the codicil of the deceased until after the
testator's death. This morning Mr. Pom
eroy stated that he was then in error. He
was told by Parker of his will two days
before his death, and Parker then told the
witness that it was all right, just as he
wanted, with two exceptions, and they
were that Parker wanted the witness to
Day $1000 to Delia Sinnott of San Jose and
the same amount to Mrs. Olive Battlefield
of Hartford, Conn.
Concerning the spiritual seance in Hart
ford, when Purneroy and Parker were there
in 1893, Pomeroy said Joe Robinson, the
colored butler of Jane Pomeroy's house
hold, tried to get as a medium, but
couldn't make the spirits respond. Then
Mrs. Law undertuok it, and she held com
munications with spirits represented to be
those of Delia Parker, Georue's first wife
and a sister of the witness.
Pomeroy said Georjje H. Parker was not
a firm believer in spiritualism. He denied
all knowledge of Parker making a new
will in Chicago in 1893 ai the home of
Mrs. Hentz.
Parker was never engaged to Mrs.
rientz. He said he had no use for her.
Mrs. Hentz had got a good deal of money
from Parker and was always badgering
him for more. Parker loaned her money
to start a lodging-house in Chicago in
1893. Parker stayed there on one occasion
and paid $16 fora week's board and lodg
ing. Parker got a letter from a lady friend
of Mr 3. Hentz a short while afterward,
saying that Parker owed for his board bill.
Dr. William Simpson, a San Francisco
druegist, testified that he had known
George H. Parker for a great many years,
and bad done business with him con
tinuously. Parker always seemed a
bhrevrd business man and in full posses
sion of his mental faculties.
MISSIONARY SUMMER SCHOOL.
Christian Worker* to Gather in the Santa
Crue Mountains.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 22. -The Mis
sionary Extension Summer School, under
the direction of Miss Mindora Z. Berry,
will open at Glenwood, in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, on June 24, and continue in
seusion until July 8.
The opening meeting of the school will
be devoted to the discussion of "City
Evangelization." Rev. J. T. Carroll, D.D.,
of Oakland will deliver the opening ad
dress, and on Saturday Rev. M. P. Boyn
ton of San Francisco will lead the discus
sion. Several prominent mission workers
of San Francisco will be present and take
part in the meetings, and it is expected
that a practical plan for reaching the
masse? will be adopted.
WANTED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Burglar Miller Jdentiflrd by a Man
tfhote Bouse He Kobbed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 22.— Gus Miller,
who has been held to answer on a charge
of looting the Olympic saloon in this city,
has been identified by Frank Reidling of
525 California street, San Francisco, as the
man who robbed his r>lace of business.
Reidling says he is satisfied Miller is the
man, but the latter denies the imputation.
Reidling lost about $100 worth of jewelry,
and he says circumstances point strongly
to Miller as having stolen the property
while pretending to be a friend of the
family. Some of the goods were re
covered from a pawnshop, where they had
been sold by a man answering Miller's
description.
MRS. SIMPSON'S LATEST WHIM.
The Woman Who Loved. Murderer lit.
Clair Svet for a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 22.— Harriet A.
Simpson, who gained considerable notori
ety by falling in love with Thomas St.
Clair, who was executed at San Quentin
about six months ago for the murder of
Mate Fitzgerald of the bark Hesper, to-day
began suit in the Superior Court for a
divorce from George M. Simpson on the
ground of desertion. They have been
married about ten years. There are no
children aiu.. no community property.
At one time Mrs. Simpson was contined
in Agnews Asylum, and since her release
she has been arre>ted several .times for in
sanity, but as she was harmless she was
always allowed to go.
Si, !il Stolen Property.
SAN lOSE, Cal., June 22.— "Jimmie"
Clark, charged with disposing of stolen
goods, was arraigned before Justice Dwyer
to-day. Ciark was contined in a County
Jail cell with Salvatore Ragosa, who looted
the Van Luggs and Hamilton residences
near Los Gatos, and after his release from
jail, it is claimed, he disposed of the plun
der secured by Ragosa in those robberies.
Ragosa is now serving an eignt-year term
in San Qtientin for the DurgJaries. Clark's
examination was set for July 10. Bail was
fixed at $1000.
Teacher.t' Certificates Awarded.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 22. — County
Superintendent Chipman to - day an
nounced that the following applicants
had been successful in securing certificates
at the recent teachers' eximination :
Grammar grades — Milard Christman, con
ditioned upon teaching one year; Wil
liam H. Mathewson, John Simpson, Grace
B. Bennett. Primary crade -Mrs. A. H.
Clark, Orville Grove, frlora Smith, Mai;gie
Laughlm, Mrs. R. B. Dunlop, Emelie E.
Rigg3. High School— Anna Keefe and
Katie Laird.
Howinan at the Helm.
SAX JOSE, Cal., June 2:'.— At a meet
ing of the First National Bank directors
to-day George M. Bowman was elected
president, to succeed James A. Clayton,
deceased. Mr. Bowman is one of the best
known business men in the county, hav
ing been connected with the fruit industry
for years, and being president and man
ager of ihe Golden Gate Cannery.
BERINU-SEA SEIZURE.
Capture of a Schooner With Sealskins
Illegally Taktn.
TACOMA, Wash., June 22.— Captain
Johnson's sealing schooner Beaver was
seized in Bering Sea on June 6, with forty
four skins illegally caught. It was the
lirst important seizure of the season, and
the prosecution will be vigorously pushed
in the Federal court at Sitka. Johnson
runs a trading post at Yakitat, Alaska.
Four American revenue cutters and the
British cutter Pheasant are now stationed
at Siika.
It is claimed that tne Alaska Commer
cial Company attempted to raise the fare
of pa«Bensers from Sitka to Cooks Inlet
$10 each on the Topeka's last arrival at
Sitka. About 130 passengers for Cooks
lnlftt on June 8 held an indignation meet
ing and refused to pay the extra charge,
claiming a verbal contract at $25 and $15
for first and second class, respectively.
They were about to charter a schooner
when the officers of the Commercial Com
pany's steamer Dora came down to the
price demanded and they embarked.
CAPTURED AT PEA RIDGE.
Rancher John Tatum Charged
With the Yosemite Stage
Robbery.
Hoof-Prints of the Highwayman's
Horse Traced to the Door of
His Barn.
MADERA, Cal., June 22.— A posse last,
night brought to town and lodged in the
County Jaii John Taturn, a rancher near
Pea Ridge, in Mariposa County. Taturn
is charced with the robbery of the Yosein
ite stage on the morning of Wednesday
last. The officers traced the tracks of the
robber's horse from the place where the
broken express-box was found up So tne
door of Tatum's barn. The hoof-prints
corresponded exactly with those made by
Tatum's saddle-horse, and hair that was
found clincing to branches of trees, hav
ing been scratched from theh ighwayman's
horse, is similar in color to that of the
prisoner's buckskin.
Sheriff Prouly of Mariposa has suspected
Tatum" of the robbery of the Mariposa
stage about a year ago, Dut in that case
the proof was not strone enough to war
rant a conviction and he was released.
Littleheld and Robinson, who were first,
accused of the robbery, have been released
irom custody, as has tiie stranger who
gave his name as Baumer. They proved
an alibi.
The preliminary examination of Tatum
is set for the 28th of this month before
Justice Ayer of Raymond.
Fulton Burglar Caught.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 22.— A. C.
Johnson was brought into town to-night
by a man named Schriener, who lives near
Fulton, and turned over to Marshal Stead
man. Schriener stated that Johnson had
broken into his house and stolen a quan
tity of goods. He was discovered by
Scbriener's wife, who, with rare presence
of mind, informed her husband without
alarming Johnson.
Suicide at Vancouver.
PORTLAND, Or., June 22. — Louis
Christ, a well-known young man of Van
couver, blew out his brains at noon to
day at his home in that city. Hi? father
was a delegate to the St. Louis convention.
Christ was 19 years old. No cause for the
deed is known.
Jitirnrd to Drath at Sovelty.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 22.— At Nov
elty, this county, Mrs. W. A. Peterson
was burned to death in a fire which con
sumed her residence last night. Several
other members oi the family had narrow
escanes.
NEW TO-DAT.
In Spring Time
take that which will
build up the tissues and
supply force to the
muscular, digestive and
nervous systems* If
you are thin, without
appetite, pale because
of thin blood, or easily
exhausted, why further
weaken the body by
using tonics? Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
phites is what you need*
Cod-liver Oil is a food*
It produces force and
builds up the system in
a substantial way*
The Hypophosphites
give strength to the
nerves* Better appe-
tite, richer blood and
healthy flesh come to
stay*
SEATTLE DIVORCE CASE,
Mrs. Kinsey Returns to Tell of
Mrs. Dawson's Alleged
Escapades.
Prominent Men Involved by the Tale
of the Accus d Wife's Former
Domestic.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 22.— George
Kinsey and his pretty wife, formerly Lot
tie Evans, arrived in Seattle from Kansas
City this morning, and this afternoon Mrs.
Kinsey, on the witness stand in Judge
Hume's court, told what she said was the
truth about the wild escapades of Mrs.
Dr. Dawson, both in this State and in
California.
After making their affidavits in the di
vorce case several months ago the Kinsevs
suddenly left California, and when ex-
Mayor J. T. Ronald, counsel for Mrs. Daw
son, went to Los Angeles to see them they
could not be found.
The plaintiff also wanted them, but
could not locate them until a week ago,
when it was learned that they had re
moved to Kansas City. General Carr, who
is at the head of the militia in the State,
and who is counsel for Dr. Dawson, went
after them.
Mrs. Kinsey to-day said that while in
Mrs. Dawson's employ as a domestic she
was used as a tool by the doctor's wife,
who sought to hide her own escapades.
Mrs. Kinsey claimed that sne assisted
Mrs. Dawson in deceiving her husband,
and said it was not until after the divorce
suit had been brought that she confessed
to Dr. D»wson. She looked after Mrs.
Dawson's correspondence with other men.
The witness said that in the summer of
1893 the Dawson home in this city was
entered by burglars, and Mrs. Dawson
sent for Charles Esplin, one of the co
respondents in the case, to come and stay
at the house in the absence of the doctor.
He was there for one week, and on several
occasions Mrs. Kinsey found Mrs. Dawson
in Esplin's room, which connected with
Mrs. Dawson's.
Once they visited Tacoma. They went
to Chilbergs and engaged a room. Mrs.
Dawson went out in the evening and did
not return until the next morning.
She said that she had been unable to get
into tlie room, and had gone to another
room for the nicht. The witness said
Captain Howell of Tacoma had been with
Mrs. Dawson in the early part of the even
in p.
The witness went into details concern
ing the* exciting life which Mrs. Dawson
led wliile in California, and told of many
trips and escapades in which young Ester
brook of Alameda figured very promi
nently.
NEW TO-DAY.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ «
| Special Saving Sale $
*— * *
» Haviland 1
I China f
* s^\ With *
* f*t£\ Beautiful *
* (ft Hand- *
* .T Jf painted *
r^\ JS ' Decora- ■
&■ f K ,-vA &Z-\ * tions. 5
{•vJ&AI'K -=•" Tnese 2,
* \r&L- Zfi/P j£D I I '' tor Mon- ♦
* FS^ZS^a^" £•••/ Wednes- *
* /ft v-^^^^^^ day only J,
* ft \ (\ m ~^~^-^—'*^^ — are one- 5
* I fj\ "P"" ' third less X
* \ f I \ l than reg- ?
J \/l \ ular val- 2
* Is? ues. T°a *
* ** Caps and J
* Saucers, 25c ; Coffee Cups and Sane- 2
* <»rs>, 35c: Aft r-dmner Coffee, 20c; J
J Dessert Plates. 20c; Large Plates, 25c. 2,
T See them in the window. ■•- -, 2j
* *
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE- *
'? A Quarter of a Block Below eve's. *
* WANQENHEIM, STEENHEIM & CO., ♦
* • ♦
* 528 and 530 Market St., ♦
* 27 and 29 Sutter St., ♦
♦ EELOW MONTGOMERY ♦
* *
oens Air steamships:
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, Rbv HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, IfH »v
AUSTRALIA. %J) S.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. ALAMKDA sails Via HONOLULU an 1
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 r. m.
Line 10 COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
bomb Africa.
>. s. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Snedai party ra.es.
J. D. Si'KECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Ollice. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLISTI(|DB
French Linn to Havr«».
PA N V's PIE R ( J5 W),42 NORTH Aftl
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -fifJlffr
this line avoid both transit by English railway a,u I
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yor>c to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
1 first-class $160: second-class, 911&
i a TOURAINE. CapU Bautelli.. . May 2* Ba. m.
LA NORMANDIE May J3, 8 A. K.
LA GASCOGNE Jo ISO, 7A. IS.
LA .mil Null--....- July 4. 6 a. m.
LA (IAS-COONE. July 25. 11 a. m.
LA 1 VNOIF, .... August 1, 5 a. M.
LA BOURGOONE. rapt. Leb->euf. .June 8, 7a. x.
tOr For further parttcalani apply to
A. FORGET. ARent.
No. 3 Bo ■ ins . ureen, New Yorlt.
J. -P. FUGAZI.& CO., Agents, ft Aioutgomwr
%venue. San Francises. :
«s^nK HAMBURG-AMERICAS LIE
g-qMgjifejftfj^j TWIN-SCUEW EXPRESS
fc— 7i-T f 3aii><j'j»ii- Line from New York to
Plymouth (.London). Cherbourg, 1 aris & utnour<j.
Columbia. July 2 I A. Victoria. July 16
Normannia Juiy {> I K. Bismarck July as
1. Cab., $9."> and upward; 11. CaD., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON*. 4V a h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHEItBOU'KG-PAiUS. 6»A h.
For |iMia;c apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE. 37 Broadway, N. 1 ., or to KAHV it HER-
ZOG, Agents. 401 Californiast.. San Francisco.Cal.
WHITE STIR LISE.
United States and Royal Mali Steamori
BRTWEBM
New York, Quecnstown & Liverpool,
SAl t,iy ii > KVKKif WfiKX.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- «—
Ing to steamer and accommodations ££Mml
■elected; second cabin, $86 and X4O; Maj •» ■ 10 and
Teutonia Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Dtnmarlc
through to san Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
trom W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th*
General Office of the Company, 613 Market streak
■Mac Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER,
General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL 4nf3U
r*> fortnightly for the West Indies and ~*U>
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Thromth bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall B. B. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
«in««, *B7 60. For further particulars apply to
3PABROTT & CO., Agents,
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 P. M ; Daily: afier Ju:y 1, 0 I*. M.—
ireiehi reuciveii up to .::{,» P. 31.
Sunday at 7 P. M.
«3- Accommodations Reservea by Telephone.
SXtAMKR^:
T. C. Walker. .1. I». Peter*,
llary Oarratt, City of (Stockton.
i Telephone Mala 805. C'ai. Nay. and linpt. Co 1
NEW TO-DAT.
JT\l IWi %*\Ji
Store
m MORE . -AND-
ROOM! _. #
Prices.
m Hundreds of people have been attracted
■ by our Great Alteration Sale. We've al-
S tered the prices on Men's, Boys' and Chil-
S dren's Clothing; and while were making
M our big store bigger, were making our
h little prices littler — lower than ever before.
H Our increased trade demands more room,
n and that's the reason for-Hhis alteration
M sale and these altered prices. They hold
[I erood during the sale only, so be in good
H time and don't put off your purchases.
Q There is a crowd of enthusiastic buyers,
M but we can attend to all. We've got the
U stock that permits of it good, durable,
H fashionable clothing, at the lowest quota-
m ble prices, and this for a motto— NO
I TRASH!
I SUCH OFFERS WERE NEVER HEARD OF
I BEFORE.
I LOOK AT THEM :
I MEN'S SUITS— SoId before at $10, $12.50,
I $13.50 and $15— NOW
$9.35; • •
j COMPARE !
H. SUMMERFIELD & CO,,
I 922-930 Market Street.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.' ,
ASTORIA iipOETLOII
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
' MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Biateof California sails. Juno 2, 12 and 33
I Columbia sails June 7, 17 ana '27
Praia Spear-st. Wharf (Pier Xi) at 10 a. K.
6OOPALX, PERKINS A CO.. Rent Sapt*
V. F. CO.V.NOI', Gpnerat A»en*,
680 Market urea*.
; PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPMT
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class • -&0.00
Second Closs OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 flew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.,
General A sent*.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAJI
STEAMERFJ WILL SAIL FROM Jfffj.
O Broadway wharf, ban I'raaclsco, as XmaOmL
follows: ■%. : ■
I For Mary Island. Lorin?. WranzeU Juneaa Kll-
lienoo ana Sltka (Alaska), ac i* a. m., June 4,
la, -8. V! 8 .Imy :■(. l-;. ',-■. -jm.
For victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
•end. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (BeUln«;ham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. *.
lone S . 13. i ■*. 23. 'JB. ana every flfta
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver vrlta,
the C. F. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. a,
at Feattle with G. S. Ry.. at. Por; Townsend wlto
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landlne (Hum-
boldi Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. v.. lour 'i, ti. 10.
14 i . v;- 1 . ISri 3 ; and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cms, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuoos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Augeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., .Inns
4. «. la, id, tv, 24, '-» and every fourth day ther*-
lor San Dieeo. stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Angeles Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. II
a. M ..  ,■ ii «>• l'.i. 11; iS, --• ■" !6 > ;->0 and every
! fourth day thereafter. ''■ ■:--■■-
lor Knseuada, san Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, U\
i Pas. Altata and Goaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba
10 a. ii., June -. ~~, ana 25th of eacn month there-
A Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
VoODALL, PERKINS A CO., O»n'l AR«nta,
10 Market St. San Fra,nci*c<x
fALLEJO. MARE ISL JO, "BE^ICIA, PORT
COSTA AM CROCKETT.
STR. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. Mb
and 4F.it ; Saturday, 10:30 a. M., a: JO r. Ml
Sunday— B e. M.
•4r.ai.Oßiy.
Landini, Uiaaion 1. PUr
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
i SMFRIiIISCO&SORTHPA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market 86.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYB-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 1235.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips ac 1:59
and 11:30 p. v.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 0:30, 11:00 a.m.: 1:30, 3:3 a
6 :00, 6 :'2O P. m .
San K:if.i«.i to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:1B, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a m •
| su^"o^5 7 p 3 M. 9: w> "i 10 A M ' : I:4 °' 3:l *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. »"»<»
Ban Francisco. | A "*« San Francisco.
\Vkkk I Sun- i >e - 1 ,{ ] ? 5 ; !on sun- ! Wkbk
Days. [ days, destination. DAYB j , )AYS
! 7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, I 10:40 am ; 8:40 am
| 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petuluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm j Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
Fulton,
I 7:30 am I Windsor, 10:10 am
HeaJdsbure,
Geyservilie,
I 3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
l'leta,
7:3oam! Hopland A 10:10 am
3:30 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 amT~ 10:10 a m
7 :30 am Guernevlllc. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm - | 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 fm Glen Kllen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am ; 7 :30 am| sebantoDol 1 10:40 am|10:10 am*
8:30 5:00 b<PMtopol. j 6:05 pM [ 6i15 pm
Stacks connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
SprinKs; a (ieyserville for ttka?«s Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kilseyvillc. Soda Bay and i.akepor: ; at
IlopUnd for Lakeport and Bart e;t .Spring*; at
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blu ■
Lakes, Lmirel Pell Lake, Upper I.ak-e, Homo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
nell's, sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Spring*. Mendoclno City'
Fort BraitE, Westport. CM, willets, Cahto, Co-
ve Laytonville. Harris, scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoeJ
ratrs.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. _
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle nutldinj.
H. C WHITING. R. x. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. rasa, Agent.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
ior^TislcK!r^i*A« r ii ; i*r~coM pani .
mOON HVSTKM.t
' Tixim leave nml »i-e due to nrrlre nt
NAN FUANCISCO;
I.EATE — F POM JITXE 7. 189^ — ARIUV«
•O:OOa Niks, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
i 7:«Oa Atlantic Impress, Og<len and Kast.. »'4.1»
. 7:0Oa Benlcia, VacaTille, Hurcsey, Sacrap
me to, Oroville and Redding via
Davis 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:13r
■ :UOa Nilcs, San .lone, Htnckton, lone,
Sacramento, Marjsville and Ke<*
Itluir 4:15p
i •8:30 a Peters anil Milton «7:iap
»:««»a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Sane*
Itarbara and I.on Angeles 4:4.1p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1 1 :45 a
8:00 a Vallejo 6:I0i-
-1:00 Xilcs, San Jose and Livermore...... 8:43 a
•l:OOi- Sacramento Iliver Steamers *0:O0p
tl :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45f
4:OUr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, ('allstoga, £1 Verano and
Baata Kosa tilsx
*j«»f Benid*. Vacarille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysviil6,
OroTillo and Sacramento I*i43a
4:30p lies, Ban Jose, Livermore and
Stock ton 7ilsp
4:30r Merced, Keren Raymond (for
Yo«emite) and Fresno 11j4SU
i BiOttp New Orleans i;«i)reEo, Baiters*
<icM, Santa Hitrbara.l.os Angeles.
.Demiiig, El I'a.io, New Orleans and
Sast 10«18a
St*Op Santa Fa Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave arud East 10:15 a
5:OOp Vallejo 11:43 a
6:00r I^nropeau Ma'l, Ogden and East.... 0:43 a
6:00 1> Haywanls, Niles and San Jose 7:15\
t~:OOi« Vallejo t?!4sr
7:00p Orcgou Express, Sacramento, Marys-
vllle, iteilUiiijr, Portland, l'nget
bound and East 10:45 a
I ' SANTA <iU / MVIsIOM (Nftrrovf (iange;.
, 17:43 a Santa Cruz Eicunion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8:03r
- SilSa Newark, CentcrvillcSaii.lose.FeltOD,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations sis«p
i *t:lsp Newark, Ce'itervillf, Man .lose, New
Aiinaji'ii, Felton, Booldoc Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way • ■
Stations »1 1 :«O a
t«:15l- Newark. San .lone and l.oa (iatoii.... *?9:50a
COAST I>l VISION (lliii.l A lowiiscinl S)g.)
i •6t45A San Jose ami Way Sutions (.New
Almaueu Wednesdays only) .« 9:47 a
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations i»;33p
• :15a San .]■■-<•, Trea Pino3, Santa Cruz,
Vacilic Grote, Paso Robles, San
J.nls Obispo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stntioiiß 7:03p
»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations +l:3Or
I»:!O( San .lose and Wiiy Stations 5:OOp
I1:3Oa Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
*S:3oi-San Mateo, Menlo Park, San .loss*
Gilroy, Ties Finos. Santa Cm;,
Balinas,Monterey PacllicGrnve «I0:40a
*3::iOi- San Jose, Paclfio Grove and Way
Stations *1;30p
*4;3Oi> San Jose and Way Stations »h:oOa
5:30 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations •»:4*«a
6:30 p San Jose ami Way Stations 6::i."ia
11:45 - San Jose and Way Stations v?:-15i-
SAX LIA.Nimo AMI HAVWAKI>S LOCAI;.
• •B:OOa ( 7:15 a
8:OOa I t9:45 A
iS.oSa MelroBe,S<.ml«»nrP«rk, \\s&
'"loSp Fitchb«rg, Su Lenndro \fXll
«:00p M d 4:13p
4:00p f "* 3:43p
■«|Jg B.yw.rd S . •:»;^
7:OOp v R:-S"Vr
H:OOp , „ .. , . „„ 9*45
«:00p i Rons through to NUes. ( o '. r ,' .,
>H:lsp; tFromNUea. |U2:oof
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
from SIN FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9.00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 J3:CC
•i:00 :B:CO *6:00p.u.
Rom O\SLIRD — foot of Broid »»j. — : 6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:CO *1:CO {2:00 *3:03 |I:CS
-S:OQr.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
* Sundays only.
'* Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only
_!> f,i-!iriv.-< i— .-1 fur <-*•-»* Cim.
Atlantic
Pacific
RAILROAD "^J^^^^^^
Trains leave from and arrive £c&i&srti&3BHgßn
•t Market-Street Ferry. tfs o^S* o OVJTEI
SANTA FE EXr'KtSJ
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lin©
Leaves every day at 5 p. * carrying Pullmau
, Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex can tor
: Denver and St. Louis.
Tlif Popular h...vTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
feIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, In charge or experienced agents, running
tbrouch tod*>vlnat!on.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's din room*.
Ticket Ottice— U44 Market Street.
Chronicle Hull. liny.
MTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
' '„ (Ma Sangallto Ferry).
Jfrom San raucisco.  n lug j Uiie 15 , 1898.
l V'-ft le7 ii"li S " A K*M»--7:00. «8^0(J
*% ? il \u'$** y i ?"A San «afael-7:00. •8-00
o:lo. *• :oi'. .35 p. 14. it: * 1:46> a: - o> 4:15 «
I Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays, wedaea -
a»t.vs and .-niurdav^ nt 11 :30 P. M.
SUNDAYS.
; For Mill Valley * nd san Rafael-*8:00, »9:00,
I,i2m JiTi M »*•!»:•* »1 HO, «2:16. »4 00,
li -00 a ' b:io eM> Kxlr * trip to Sausalltoac
1 1 AH/ A. If.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. ••12:30
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley
- , *>«.„ TUKOCOU TRAINS.
for ram Keyes ana way st»tlons-8:00 a.m.
Saturdays; 9 -r A M - >„„,,,. 8 : B=lBp. M. weekdays.
s-nn r » loim Heve s Cazadero and way station*—
I f .00 a. v. Sunaaysi 1 :46 r. M. weeKdars.TO DEATH OVER
KOOTENAI FALLS,
Twelve Men Borne on the
Swift Current to Their
Doom.
STRANGE RAIL DISASTER
Freight Cars Carried Into the
Water by a Mountain
Landslide.
ONE IS OCCUPIED BY TRAMPS.
The Uninjured Attempt to Gain the
Shore but Cannot Breast the
Stream.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 22.— News of a
horrible disaster that caused the loss of
twelve lives was received here to-night
from Kootenai Falls. A treight train on
the Great Northern Railroad was derailed
by a landslide this morning and several of
the cars were carried into the river. All
sank but one.whicb haa lost its trucks and
floated on the water over the falls, to be
reft to splinters when it struck the seeth
ing whirlpool below.
ln one of the cars carried into the river
were twelve tramps, and not one escaped.
Those of the luckless tourists who were
uninjured succeeded in gaining the
top of the floating car. Persons on shore
attempted to cast ropes to them, but
failed. Several of the tramps leaped into
the water, but could not breast the swift
current, and all were carried over the falls.
None of tbe bodies have yet been recov
ered.
SAXIA HOS* KAIIfIES.
1-epuliltcans Indorse the Action of the
y ation al Convention.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., June Every
feature of old-time Republican enthusiasm
was in evidence here to-night at the Mc-
Kinley and Hobart ratification meeting.
Bonnres, red tires and rockets illumined
the skies and the loud booming of cannon
allowed no one to forget what was going
on. The Athenaeum was crowded to the
doors by eager friends of protection who
were not backward in applauding the
speakers.
Santa Rosa is a stronghold of the woman
suffragists, and hundreds of women at
tended the meeting to-night. Many of
them were heard predicting the success of
the Republican party this fall and the sub
sequent enfranchisement of their sex.
Those who addressed the meeting were
Albert G. Burnett. D. E. McKinley, L. V.
Hitchcock. R. M. Swain and Congressman
Barham. The speakers were applauded to
the echo, and the sentiments expressed
seemed to meet with the approval of the
immense throng. Three rousing cheers
ana a tiger ended the meeting.
KIXG CO UXTY POPULISTS.
Action of the >>ilrrr holtert at St. Louis
Approved.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 22. — King
County Populists held their convention in
Seattle this afternoon and evening, recom
mending Eugene W. Way. Judge Itichard
Windsor and Samuel B. Starr to the West
ern vVashington State Convention at Ta
coma to-rnorruw as delegates to the Na
tional Populist Convention at St. Louis on
July 22.
The platform declares for the principles
enunciated at Omaha by the party lour
years ago, and approves the course of Sen
ator Teller and associates in the following
language :
That we heartily approve the patriotic ac
tion of Henry M. Teller and his associates in
the Republican National Convention, and
commend their action as worthy and honor
able examples to be followed by all honest and
patriotic citizens.
Judge Windsor declares Teller to be his
personal choice' for the Populist nominee.
Way expressed himself as favoring the
Senator under certain conditions, and
Starr is non-committal.
MEMiOCIXO REPUBLICANS.
lielegalea Instructed to Vote for Barn
fmtn for ('ongress.
I'KIAH, Cal., June 22.— The Repub
lican convention of Mendocino County
male the following nominations: Superior
Judge, J. M. Mannon of Ukiah; Assem
blyman, R. E. Armstrong of Booneville;
Supervisors— First District, Sam D. Pax
ton; Second District, E. S. Brooks: Fourth
District, E. Tullis.
The delegates to the Congressional Con
vention to meet at San Francisco on June
30 to nominate a candidate for Congress
in the First Congressional District are:
George A. Muruvant, Alexander M. Dun
can, John Crawford, Philo Handy,
Thomas L. Carothers, Lafayette Van
Dusen, N". W. Kent, Dr. T. F. Willisey,
John Gordon. They were instructed to
vote for John A. Barham.
The convention adopted the platform of
the Republican National Convention held
at St. Louis last wePK.
lied flhifl's Approval.
KED BLUFF, Cat... June 22.— With the
fall of dusk the firing of bombs and can
non commenced, and at 8 o'clock the Red
Bluff brass band led an immense crowd to
the platform on Oak street, where was
held an enthusiastic meeting of Republi
cans to ratify the nominations of McKinley
and Hobart. John Clements, chairman of
the County Central Committee, called the
meeting to order. General N. P. Chap
man, Captain J. T. Matlock, Judge John
¥. Bliison and Dr. G. W. "Wesiiake ad
dressed the gathering.
OmnU Ratification.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., June 22.— An en
thusiastic meeting was held Saturday
night at Union Hail to ratify the nomina
tions of McKinley and Hobart. A salute
of 100 guns was fired. Impromptu
speeches were made by local speakers, de
claring for protection and sound money.
Resolutions were passed unanimously, in
dorsing .McKinley, sound money and the
Republican National platform, as adopted
ai St. Louis.
Spokane's McKinley Club.
SPOKANK, Wash., June 22.— A McKin
ley and Hobart Republican Club -was
organized here to-night. One hundred
names were attached to the roll. Com
mittees were appointed to complete ar
ramieinents for a ratification meeting to
be heid Saturday night. A number of
prominent Republicans refused to join,
stating that thy could not consistently
do so, as they believed in the free coinage
of silver.
Petuhima's J'rogreiMirr Woinrn.
PETALUMA, Cal., June 22.— The first
entertainment of the series to be given by
the Ladies' Improvement Club of Peta
luma took place Saturday night. The
affair was a most successful one in every
respect, and a goodly sum was realized.
The first work on •hand— that of beautify
ing the plazas— will be pushed so as to be
finished by tee Fourth of July, after which
other needed improvement will receive the
attention of the club.
CRAFIN VIS ALIA CONTACT.
Outlato Talinadge's Antipathy to Wear-
iiir/ Oregon Boot*.
VISALIA, Cal., June 22.— Walter Tal
madge, convicted on two charges of hog
stealing, with sentences of nine years each,
is an inmate of the County Jail, awaiting
the result of an appeal to the Supreme
Court. Talmadge has been an active ad
viser and plotter in the defense of several
criminals. He has the most utter con
tempt for the officers, and never loses an
opportunity to display it.
For several months he has worn two
Oregon boots. »
When Sheriff Merritt was inspecting
the cells this morning a visit was paid to
Xalmadge's. A deputy tried to unlock
one of the boots, but the key would not
turn. "When the officers reached for the
other leg Talmadge muttered something
about the boot not Dein^; there, and it was
not.
It was found in his bed, wrapped in a
handkerchief. Talmadge says he took it
off about a month ago, and since then has
been wearing a piece of rolled blanket to
represent the heavy steel boot. It is be
lieved that by continually beating them
together he broke the bolt.
GOLD iJiOM VXAJbASKA,
Two Schooner Cargoes of Concentrates
Arrive at Tacoma.
TACOMA. Wash., June 22.— A letter of
May 19 from Fred Meeker, who captains a
local party prospecting on Six Miie Creek,
Cooks Inlet, states that in shafts down ten
feet, and not to bedrock, numerous colors
and pieces of gold were found, leading to
the conclusion that on bedrock rich dirt
would be uncovered.
In starting, the miners had to dig
through nine or ten feet of snow and ice.
They were satisfied ttiat their summer's
work would be well rewarded.
Very rich dirt had been found in other
places, turning out several small chunks
of gold to the sbovelful. The best returns
are expected from the canyons near by,
which were still full of ice when Aieeker
wrote.
The Tacoma smelter to-day received
over 800 tons of gold dust and concentrates,
comprising the cargo of the schooners Sal
vator and Maggie iluss, from Unalaska,
Unga Island. The cargoes are valued at
nearly $100,000. Two months ago a cargo
was received from the Alaska Commercial
Company's mine there. This season's out
put of goid will be the largest in the
sland's history.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND,
Nearly Four Thousand Names
Now Listed in the Employ
ment Department.
Men Seeking Work Are Wasting Time
When They Journey to the
Navy-Yard.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 22.— Although |
quite a force of men have been added to j
rolls in some of the departments at the |
navy -yard during the past ten days, there j
will be no increase in the department of i
steam engineering until after July. The
men in that department are being fur
loughed.
There are nearly 4000 names on the j
books of the labor employment depart
ment, and it is now conceeded to be more
than useless for more men to spend their j
time and money in coming to the island
to be enrolled. Their chances for work
will be slim. As near as can be learned
there will beno unusual force of men em- j
ployed. The force may number 1000 men, j
unless the ships now at the yard should be
wanted for urgent cruises.
The gunboat Bennington was taken j
into drvdock Friday. The usual painting j
of hull, overhauliug of sea-valves, etc., j
will be done. After the gunboat is out of ]
dock the Theiis will probably go in and ;
have the grass removed from its hull, j
The old Swatara was hauled in alongside j
the dock the other day to allow of the re- i
moval of a lot of constructive gear prior to j
the old hulK being disposed of at auction
under sealed bids.
Paymaster Barry is slated to relieve
Paymaster Skelding at the yard. This |
will not occur before October. It is not I
known whether pay clerks at navy-yards ,
come under civil service rules or not. If ;
so, Mr. Bollard, the clerk, will remain; if ]
not, Paymaster Barry may bring his clerk I
with him.
The commandant at the yard seems to
favor doing what he can to assist in cele
brating the Fourth of July in Vallejo in a ■■
befitting manner. Steps are being taken
to send a delegation of marines and blue- I
jackets over to town to assist in making I
the celebration a success. They will be ]
cordially received and entertained if they
come, which will require the sanction of
the Secretary of the Navy to allow.
PERJURY AT PORTLAND.
Witnesses Against Alleged Train Robbers
Found to Have Given Contradictory
Evidence.
PORTLAND, Ore., June 22.— P00l and |
Case, the outlaws convicted of the robbery i
of the Southern Pacific train on July 1 of I
last year, in Cow Creek Canyon, stand :
even more than a fair chance for eventual J
liberty, despite their confinement of nearly j
a year in Multnomah County jail.
Judge Bellinger in the United States :
District Court to-day granted the prison- ;
ers a new trial; not only that, but his j
Honor, in a searching, carefully worded :
oDinion. instructed that the evidence
given at the trial was in itself insufficient j
to convict, egregious contradictions of ■
the witnesses for the prosecution so j
weakening the testimony that the court j
could not but feel that many of the state- j
ments of the witnesses had been made in
the hope and expectation of obtaining the
reward of $3COO each, offered for the cap- i
ture and conviction of the robbers.
One point on which stress was laid by
Attorneys A. Abraham and W. W. Card
well during the trial was the testimony of
prosecuting witnesses as to the rain of
July 4. They testified that there was a
slight rain oh the night of the 4th and
that they were able to follow the foot
prints of the robbers the next day.
In contradiction of this evidence, the
Weather Bureau reports, taken under the
direction of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, show that the rainfall was exces
sive, and would have entirely obliterated
such tracks as G. W. Quine, the chief
prosecuting witness, claimed to have fol
lowed.
Fire at Fresno.
FRESNO, Oal., June 22.— The residence
of Mrs. S. Griffith, mother of S. N. Griffith
and the late E. J. Gritfith, was burned to
the ground this evenin.'. The loss will be
about $2500, wliich is partially covered by
insurance. The (ire was caused by the ex
plosion of a lamp, which had been left ia
a strong draught. Th* house was one of
the first erected in Fresno.
Fishing lleiititned at Astoria.
ASTORIA, Or., June 22. — The first
day's fishing after the strike was re
warded by a phenomenal catch. All the
canneries are blocked, having more fish
than they can handle. It will taue a tew
days to determine whether the quantity is
the result of the river not being fished or
of an unusuaily large run. AH signs of
the trouble have passed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
MONDAY NIGHT
WITH THE PLAYS.
John Drew as Mr. Kilroy
in "The Squire of
Dames."
DAINTY MAUD ADAMS.
Blanche Bates Appears in Low
Comedy at the Columbia
Last Night.
TIVOLI'S GO TO THE MOON.
"The Gray Mare" at the California.
The Weekly Bills in Other
Theaters.
i Considering that a large portion of so
, ciety has hied itself to summer resorts,
, there was a good showing of fashionable
people at John Drew's first night at the
Baldwin Theater. The theater was fully
two-third 3 filled, and it presented that
i • gala appearance which was conspicuous
j by its absence during the Goodwin en
i gagement.
The play was "The Squire of Dames,"
presented for the first time in San Fran
• ci3co. It is an adaptation from the French
of Alexandre Dumas tils, by R. C. Car
ton, and in the original has a seasoning of
vice which has been largely eliminated in
the English version. As the play stands
there is nothing absolutely to shock the
i susceptibilities of an American audience.
The risque portions of the original plot
have been delicately smoothed over in the
1 adaptation, and the suggestions which, ac
cording to Dumas, would have shocked |
Mrs. Grundy, according to R. C. Carton |
are so vague and pointless as to be devoid i
| of all sting.
The "Squire of Dames" is one Mr.,Kil-
I roy, whose one object in life, apparently, I
I is to strike up sudden but abiding friend- !
ships with married ladies, who are on the
' verge of committing the indiscretion of
1 letting their hearts go out of their hus
bands' keeping.
This guardian angel watches over his
proteges by day and by night; he is always
on the spot to "play the unwelcome third
party at what would otherwise have been
I dangerous tete-a-tetes; he secures posses
sion of uncompromising letters, photo
graphs, etc., giving them back to the fair
senders, and, having finally bluffed off the |
threatening lover, he hands the wife's j
heart back to her husband, fair and spot- j
less, as on the day she took her wedding
1 | vows.
' I This charmingly philanthropic part is
! ! enacted by John Drew, whose easy non- j
s { r.iialance peculiarly fits him for the role. |
I | At first it requires a stretch of the imagin- |
> ! ation to Imagine a nineteenth century j
gentleman devoting his entire time and |
energies to the task of saving ladies from j
stooping to folly and learning too late that
I j men betray, but if any one could make j
such a part probable it is perhaps John
i Drew.
. i He seemed to succeed last night in con
i vincing his hearers that he was a probable
' character.
: Miss Maude Adams was, as usual, the life
t ; and soul of the John Drew company. As j
- 1 Mrs. Adeline Dcnnant she was merely an i
episode in Mr. Kilroy's life — one of the
[ ! many whom he had saved in the past and
was destined in the future to save from
t scorching themselves at the flame of love.
, I She had an adoring husband, from whom
' j she had been separated, and she was
r ; trifling with the affections of a baronet
i ! who was not her husband.
, j Through this sea of troubles Mr. Kilroy
| ! guided her safely back to the haven of
, j connubial bliss, aiid in doing it gave rise
, i to some pretty dialogue and situations, i
I "The Squire of Dames" is not a strong I
play, but it affords a very entertaining j
i two hours and a half to the audience, par
i | ticularly as it was acted last night. Miss
; i Maude Adams was what, in the language
\ of Dumas, would be called tne "clou" of
j the performance.
! j The support afforded the stars was
I good. Frank E. Lamb was amusing a3 the
! pedantic English lord, Harry Harwood
made an amusing professor, and Arthur
Byron was not unsatisfactory as the baro
' net, who loved in vain. Little Miss Gladys
' Wallis was very clever as the "child,"
| who lavished her youthful affections on
| the pedantic lord; Mi.ss Ethel Barrymore
I showed a murked improvement since last
I year, and Miss Annie Irish was, as usual,
fully up to the requirements of her role.
Among those present were: The pro
! scenium boxes were occupied by Mr. and
I Mrs. Ojeda and party, Mrs. Charles M.
| Shortridge. Miss Shortridge, Dr. and Mrs.
Winslow Anderson and Mrs. Singleton.
i Other society representatives attending
were Mr. and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson, Mr. |
i and Mrs. Alfred Bouvier, George E. Hall, j
! Frank Michael, John I. Sabin, Dr.
| Sullivan, Mr. ana Mrs. Frank John
! son, Mrs. Thomas Breeze, J. Levy,
| Dr. Rosenstirn, Donald de V. Graham,
Charles Bickford, A. T. Hatch, Mr. and
j Mrs. M. Gunst. J. Adams, J. F. Archibald,
J. K. Wilson, Walter Bean, Mr. and Mrs.
I E. Kellogg, J. A. Wigmore, Mr. and Mrs.
I Timothy' Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. W. S.
! Barnes, Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S.
| Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. M. Rothschild.
Mr. and Mrs. Wendell Easlon. Miss Fin
i ley, William Naughton, Albert Pissis,
! William Wilshire, J. Casserly, Miss Cas
i serly, Mr. and Mrs. D. H. Bibb, Alice Rix,
| Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. McLennon, Alex
i Loughborough, John Parrott, Herman
; Shainwald, George A. Barton, William E.
! Brown, Mrs. D. Brown, Mr. ard Mrs.
;W. Boune, Mr. and Mrs. William M.
: Bunker, J. Downey Harvey, Mr. and Mrs.
J. E. Tucker, Mr. and Mrs. J. Donahue,
■ Captain Lyman, U. S. A., Mrs. Lyman
i and Mrs. J. Chretien.
At the California.
"The Gray Mare" was given at the California
! Theater last evening to quite a good house
j that laughed at the somewhat thin humor of
the piece and then fell to wondering how the
players would get over the laboring plot of
I the play.
Effie Shannon is a pretty little girl who acts
I In lively fashion and talks fast, and Kelcey
[tells a 'fib for a very poor reason, and ViznTd
| rolls his eyes over the footlights for no reason
at all, and the others do some things, however,
I very well— as well as "The Gray Mare" will
i permit.
"Trip to tho Moon."
At tho Tivoli was given last evening Offen
bach's "A Trip to the Moon." It is a gorgeous
scenic affair with plenty of tinsel, colored
I lights and tropical brilliancy generally. But
j it is jolly throughout, and the several new
[ songs are full of sparkle. It is founded upon
; Jnlis Verne's yarn, in wliich Ferris Hartman
j as Vlan, King of Normandy, Louise Koyce as
his son Caprice, and Y\ . H. West us Microscope,
a servant, is shot up to the moon and they
have many funny musical adventures there.
A number of pretty "light fantastic toe"
specialtins in all colon runs through the entire
piece. Miss Helen Smith, unUor the name of
Helen Merrill, made her debut as Flamraa, the
first lady of the court. She is a charming
young lady, and her first public effort as a
singer was pleasing. The Tivoli people wlli
co to the moon all this week.
At the Grttnd.
There was plenty of navy, navy heroes, blue
water and the roar of guns in "'A Perilous
Voyage" last evening at the Grand Opera
house. Kate McAllister, a pretty girl, is loved
by two gallant naval officers, the captain and
first lieutenant of the same ship. Of course
she prefers the junior officer and follows him
in the disguise of a sailor aboard the vessel.
In Chinese waters the ship is burned by pirates
and all hands captured. Kate has an oppor
tunity to become leading lady in the harem of
a prince but declines with thanks, and the
prisoners are all rescued just as they are about
to be shot because of Kate's up-to-date objec
tion to an alliance with China. The play will
run all the week.
Grover's Alcazar.
"The Cross-Roads of Life" was produced last
night at Grover's Alcazar with several star
performers in the cast. Edmund Collier
played his role ot Dick Hawthorn with all his
wonted power and verve. Miss Amy Lee, as
Dick's sister Lily, quite brought down the.
house with her songs and dances. Frank
Doane shone as Honest Ned, the song-and
dance bootblack.
The rest of the cast was good and included
May Noble, A. 11. Hailctt, Clyde Hess, Gorden
Foster and C. A. Henderson.
Columbia Theater.
The Frawley Company is pinning Its affec
tions to De Milie and Belasco with good re
sults, to judge from the almost full house
which greeted the performance of "Lord
Chumley" last night.
The play is not unknown here. Frank
Worthing took the part of Lord Chumley, the
sprig of the aristocracy, who appears to'be so
very inane till love brightens his wits jand
makes a hero of him. /
If he had beea playing in a parlor or even in
a theater of more limited dimensions than the
pretty little Columbia, his impersonation of
the part might have been written down as ex
tremely finished and clever. Worthing whs
most sympathetically inane and he never
ceased to be a finished gentleman, but owing
to his imperfect enunciation, or rather to the
throatiness of his voice, much of what he said
was lost in the wings and flies and never
reached the audience
Maclyn Arbuckle is always clever, though
he has been seen in more congenial roles than
that of Ailam Butterworth, retired. Tyrone
Power made a good villain, and Charles Wyn
gate was melodramatic enough to supply the
raw material for a dozen misguided and suffer
ing youths.
Miss Blanche Bates astonished her friends
by appearing as a grimy little slavey and she
played the part as one to the manner born.
Fhe had not been suspected of yearnings
toward low comedy, but she made one of the
hits of the performance.
Miss Hope Ross was, as usual, a charming
ingenue ai.d the other roles were well sus
tained.
"Lord Chumley" was preceded by "The Pi
lent System," a curtain-raiser, in which Fraw
ley and Maxine Elliott did some good work.
At the Orpheum.
The most noticeable of the new performers
at the Orpheum this week is Lillian Weston,
who is said to play on thirty different musical
instruments. If this is a fact, she did not
show the full extent of her powers last night,
but she exhibited enough proficiency in ma
nipulating diverse instruments to win her the
hearty applause of the house.
Her performance on the xylophone was
really remarkable. She also played the drum
excellently ;md her duet on two banjos excited
j both surprise and admiration. Miss Weston
| cleverly manipulated the bells, concertina,
j meloiiion and violin.
Billy Van's humorous monologues would
have been prolonged all night if applause
could have induced him to go on giving en
cores. Watson and Duprez gave a burlesque
j magic performance which fell rather flat, per
haps because it was all in dumb show. Bimbo
and Tehl gave some amusing horse-Dlay and
the Stewart sisters sang and danced themselves
into the good graces of the audience.
Among the holdovers are Lawrence and Har
rington, the Bowery spielers, the Meera broth
ers, and the clever Marlow-Dunham family.
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
The California Delegation Arranging for
Its Trip to Chicago.
The California delegation to the Demo
cratic National Convention held a meeting
at 11 a. m, yesterday at 212 Sansome street,
at which were present Hon. W. W. Foote,
Congressman Maguire, Vy\ B. Wilshire,
H. E. Wise. S. M. Van Wick ana others,
for the purpose of making the necessary
arra ngements for the journey to Chicago.
The delegates at large. United States
Senator Stephen M. White and Hon.
James V. Coleman, were represented by
Mr. Foote, who held their proxies, and
there were also a number of proxies on
hand from country delegates to the Na
tional Convention, Dearing on transporta
tion to Chicago.
It was decided to select the Union
Pacific route to Chicago, where the con
vention will be held, and that railroad
will use every effort possible to organize a
special train for the delegates and all who
may wish to accompany them.
A committee of arrangements was ap
pointed, consisting of W. W. Foote, J. G.
Maguire and H. E. Wise, ana after the
disposal of the business it was decided to
adjourn until Thursday, June 24. at 12
o'clock, same place. The delegates and
alternates are requested to be present on
thai clay for the purpose of completing
arrangements for the trip.
The meetings at present have no bear
ing on the chairman of the delegation or
choice for the Presidency. July lis cop
sitlered the best time to start for Chicago.
THIRTY THOUSAND DROWNED.
Appalling Loss of Life by the Tidal Wave
in Japan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 22.—Secre
tary Olney to-day received a long dispatch
from Mr. Herod, secretary of the United
States Legation at Tokio, wifh reference to
the terrible earthquakes and tidal wav« in
Northern Japan.
The report shows that the loss of life was
much larger than was first supposed. The
first reports said that a thousand persons
had been drowned. Then later reports es
timated the number of drowned at 10,000.
The dispatch of Mr. Herod states that
the latest estimates fix the number of
drowned at 30,000, but reports of loss of life
are still being received, and this number
may be increased. Whole villages along
the seashore were swept away, every in
| habitant being drowned.
Up to the time at which the telegram
was sent, June 21, news had been received
of the loss of rive Americans by tha tidal
wave.
A SACRAMENTO PHENOMENON,
Letlie Young Wheels a Mile Over a Slow
Track in 1:67 8-8.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. June 22.— Leslie
Young of the Capital City Wheelmen,
while "working out" this evening on his
training for the Fourth of July races here,
rode a mile over the racetrack in 1:57 3-5.
He is little more than a boy and has been
riding only a few months. The track is
used daily by running and trotting horses,
and is several seconds slow for wheeling.
The local wheelmen believe that Young
will be able to ride with the best of tt.e
cracks before the season ends.
Whist Congress Opened.
NEW YORK, NY., June 22.— The an
nual American Whist League Congress
opened at the Oriental' Hotel, Manhattan
Beach, to-day. Delegates from all parts
of the United States are present, among
whom is Miss Kate Irwin Wheelock of
Milwaukee, Wis., better known as the
"Whist Queen." The tournament opened
this evening, .when the New England-
New Jersey Association played for the
Brooklyn trophy, which has been pre
sented to the league by the Brooklyn
clubs. ,
• .
tt'nortlantl Criminal* Sentenced.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 22.— 1n the
SuDerior Court to-day Judge Grant sen
tenced Charles Giles and Thomas Bradley
to fourteen mom hs in San Quentin each.
Giles pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing
a horse and carriage and Bradley was con
victed of looting C. W. Thomas' residence.
TJiird TtlKtrict Convention Postponed.
WOODLAND. Cal., June 22.— Hon. Ed
E. Leake, chairman of the Democratic
Third Congressional District committee,
gives notice to-day that the convention,
announced at the State Convention to be
held in Vallejo on the first Monday in
September, has been postponed to Friday,
September 4, at 10 a. m.
A Pocatello Wotnan't jllisfortunn.
POCATELLO, Idaho, June 22. — Mrs.
Oliver Gray was accidentally shot in the
right lep yesterday while cleaning a Win
chester rifle. Surgeons amputated the
limb just below the knee.
A SAN MATEO
BANDIT FOILED,
Frightened Horses Prevent
the Robbing of a
Stage.
SCARED BT A RED MASK.
They Dash Madly Away With
the Coach at Sight of the
Highwayman.
BULLETS SPEED HARMLESSLY.
Five Shots Are Fired at the Driver,
but He Escapes Without
Injury.
SAN MATEO, Cal., June 22.— An un
successful attempt waj made by a single
highwayman this afternoon to hold up the
stage running between Halfmoon Bay ana
San Mateo. That it was unsuccessful is to
the credit of the horses attached to tne
vehicle. They bolted at sight of the out
law and, in a blind gallop of several milea,
pulled the stage, its Dassengers and the
treasure in the express box out of harm's
way.
The stape left Halfmoon Bay at 1 o'clock.
Driver Ed Campbell handled the reins.
It carried three passengers — a lady and a
gentleman inside and another man occu
pying a seat with the driver,
As the coach was rounding a curve at
Spring Valley Dam, five miles from San
Mateo, the highwayman sprang from the
brush lining the road. He was masked, a
red bandana handkerchief covering his
face, and he carried a rifle and revolver.
"Hold up!" he ordered. "Hold up, or
I'll shoot!"
The sudden appearance of the red
masked man before them and the strange
sound of his voice, partly mulKed by the
handkerchief, frightened the horses. They
swerved to one side of the road and broke
into gallop. At once the outlaw leveled
his rifle and fired. The bullet sped be
tween Campbell and the passenger seated
by his side.
The report of the firearm added to the
fright of the horses and they dashed away
at breakneck speed, the driver giving them
free rein and urging them on. The high
wayman fired four times in rapid succes
sion at the driver, but fortunately the ro.ll
ing of the stage as it swung in and out of
ruts and over rough places made the
human target a difficult one to hit and
CamDbell escaped unharmed. The stage
had almost reached San Mateo before the
horses could be brought down to a trot.
Sheriff McElroy, who was at Redwood
City, was notified by telephone and
at once organized a posse and started for
the' scene of the attempted hold-up.
Neither Driver Campbell nor his passen
gers could give an accurate description of
the outlaw, his face being entirely covered
by the mask he wore. The value of the
contents of the express box is not known.
AN OPEN SMOKER.
Garfleld Council, J. O. U. A. M., Have
an Enjoyable Occasion.
An open meeting and smoker was given
last night in Protection Hall at 32 O'Far
rell street by James A. Garfield Council
No. 21, Junior Order of United American
Mechanics. The hall was filled with
young men, all wearing red badges. A
programme comprising oratory, music and
singing furnished the entertainment as
follows:
Piano solo, 8. Basch; recitation, Master
George Atkinson, who has talent and was en
cored; song, t. Brandon; recitation, \V. A.
Lord; mandolin and guitar selections, George
C. and M.C. Post; address on the objects of the
order, Dr. George EL Derrick of Oakland; in
strumental selections, Hawaiian Quartet: ad
dress on the objects of the order, W. A. Abbott;
address on the objects of the order, H. C. Fire
baugh.
The occasion closed with a fine banquet
in an adjoininc hall.
UDGE FOR YOUR-
self whether it is best to have your face
filled with pimples and blood blotches or
whether you would prefer a clean face and
a good blood. If you decide for the latter
use
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company — Gentle-
men: I have just completed the second
bottle of your Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I
have had catarrh for years, which affected
my eyes, hearing and stomach. Frequent-
ly would have dull headaches for days at
a time. Since tajcing your remedy I have
felt no disagreeable symptom.
Trusting you will publish this, as I want
any one suffering from any of the above
symptoms to be benefited. Kindly send
me two more bottles by return express.
(Sipned.)
MR. FREDERICK DE RICHMOND,
Seattle, Wash.
T.N RESPONSE TO. THS DEMANDS O* MANY
J. of our patrons we have concluded to establish
u"Tahle d'ilote" dinner, beginning Thursday, June
125. from 5 to 8 p. »r., the price of which will be *>1.
The highs.anilard of exc«lleme that we have so
carefully preserved for ao many years will recom-
mend tills new feature to the public.
SWAIN BROS..
Props. Swain's Restaurant, 213 gutter. |
THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM.
The Dress Goods Sale which began" yesterday |
continues.
• Madam Breitschuck-Marquardt will render a
Harp Solo at the Concert to-morrow night. It is
Oberthuner's delightful "Au rive de la Mer." See the ;
full program below. ; ;.-
. Don't leave the building .without a visit to the
Art Gallery on the 2d floor, Market- St. front. A fine
collection of modern Oil Paintings and Water Colors,
Etchings, etc., on Free Exhibition.
S^N FRAO^CISCO, JU&QE 23 1896.
Matchless Low Prices
on the Best Dress Goods
That Are Made.
Extraordinary selling' in the Dress Goods Section
yesterday — but no wonder, when the qualities of the
fabrics and the lowness of the prices are taken into
consideration. '. "
These goods have not been picked over and
handled by customers -for months, and all the best
and prettiest pieces selected, but it is the first pick of
one of the choicest Dress Goods stocks ever opened
in this city. . A stock scarcely four weeks old.
. All that is left from the magnificent stock of nov-
elties with which we opened, consisting of Silk-Mixed •
Poplins, Silk-mixed Epingelines, Chameleon Poplins,
Silk Figured Mohairs, Silk and Wool Plaids, Canvas
Weaves, Melanges, two-toned effects, solid colors ;
Silk-mixed Etamines, Figured Crepons — in fact,
everything new and beautiful for this season's wear.
They vary in lengths from sto 1 1 yards, each piece
differing in shade from its fellow. The retail price
to-day of the cheapest is $ 1.25 per yard, ranging up-
ward from $1.50 tosi.7j, $2, $2.50, $3 to $6 a yard.
These prices can be verified by an inspection of the
goods.
We Guarantee Styles to he the Very Latest. Prices Like These:
$48 Suit, 8 yards, for $12.00 1 $28 Suit, 8 yards, for $9.00
$32 Suit, B yards, for $9.75 | $24 Suit, 8 yards, for $9.00
$30 Suit, 8 yards, for $9.00 1 $21 Suit, 8 yards, for $8.50
$30 Suit, 8 yards, for $8.00 i $75 Suit, 8 yards, for $8.75
$10 Suit, 8 yards, for $6.00.
To each purchaser of a Suit Pattern we will present a copy of
the handsomest Fashion Book ever published, "Coming Styles."
This beautiful publication contains two designs, in colors and black,
from each of the leading costumers of the fifteen great cities of
Europe, including designs by such famous firms as "Felix," "Jules
Bister" and" l^ambard," "George Henry Lee &- C 0.," etc. X
Midsummer $ e^"%o>rford I Men's Wlead at ail times ;
Shoe Selling. Women s Oxford Furnishing goods, -the C best as"-"
3hOe Celling. Ties and House lUmiShing goods, the best as-
Slippers last week. It was a big hit. i Dep't. sortment — the latest -
There are 1 1 15 pairs left. Plenty for 1 X styles and lowest
all-comers Monday and Tuesday; per- i prices. The selling yesterday was
haps they will last longer. All sizes | phenomenal. It will be the same to-
of shoes in the lot, but the prices are j day. Figures are a shade lower than
one size — very small. yesterday in some specialties. • •
At 75c a pair, Women's Kid Oxford __; .
X7v Ties, hand -turned  , •
rfW ■ soles; really worth Men s Combed Egyptian Balbng-
l \\\ $i.-> 5 a pair. gan Shirts and Drawers — the finest
A) W, At sl.oo a' pair, Wo- quality; regularly sold at $1.25 -a .
tTies, hand-turned garment. Our price 95c each.
soles; really worth Men s Combed Egyptian Balbng-
?i.2s a pair. San Shirts and Drawers — the finest
At Si. 00 a' pair, Wo- quality; regularly sold at $1.25 a
men's Dongola Ox- j garment. Our price 95c each,
VyM ford Ties, hand-turned —
\ soles; a regular $2 ' 5 ° en 's close - fitting Balbriggan
vJa 1 v" or- „ r.air v;« Shirts and Drawers, finished seams,
me^s'-SiT M" Pearl buttons, etc. Our price 45c each.
Oxfords; superior quality; would be
cheap at $1.75. ; ■ . Extra Weight, Derby Ribbed, Silk
• At $1.25 a pair, Women's Via Kid finished Shirt and Drawers, 95c each
Tan-colored Oxfords; regular price $2. ,
At $1.50 a pair, Women's Fine Kid
Juliettes; would be a bargain at $2. Men's All-Silk NECKWEAR, in .
At $2.50 a pair, Women's Finest "Tecks," "Imperials," "Four-in-
Vici Kid Tan-colored Oxfords; latest Hands," "Club Ties" and Bows.
New York styles; regular at $3.50 a The regular 75c and $1.00 grade at
pair. . . ■ 45c each.
At $3.00 a pair. Women's Fine Kid —
Oxfords, Louis XV heel, new toes; ,-*"a~~~U ahc:h Mrrfumn
reduced from «<i 1 75 dozen All-Silk NECKWEAR.
reuuceu irom &4* :_<<r- • n jm «*t-i ,5
ArST ->c a nTir Women's Kid On- In Four- in - Hands," "Tecks,"
era A SHppe 5 rs a 'white^id"" J^ ° ? ; <Club Ties" and Bows-always sold
lined, needle toes,hand- *A\ ] for 50c, at 25c each.
turned soles; worth at i\\ —
least $1.75 a pair.. (\ \\ ■■ . . ?r ; . :
At $1.25 a pair, Wo- >\v Men S Judging by the price you'd
men's Fine Vici Kid AM Ha*c thlnk these were bargain
House Slippers; hand- \ v ; " aL lots of Hats. Judging by
turned soles, common Vj the style you'll acknowledge they are
sense toe and heel; regular at $1. 75 a just right. , That's the sort of Hat
pair. ■ -. • ■ Selling we're doing, and doing it bet-
— : ter every day.
PROGRAM —
Wednesday, June 24th, BP. M. Men's FEDORAS in all colors at
PART I. $1.35 ; sold elsewhere at $2.50.
/. {March,. "Egyptian" Strauss '"■ '■
2. Overture^ "William Tell* -Rossini Men , s DERBY Hats in all colors ■
3 ' v/ P » ~n, V; t nhe / at $2.00; regular $3.50 Hat.
4. Waltz, Eleonore" Tarlow ■
5. tAlpim Storm Kunkel
6. "The Tyrolean and His Sweet- Men's YACHT, GOLF and Bl-
heart" - Zikoff CYCLE Caps at 45c ; the kind you
7. Fantasie, "II Trovatore" Verdi are accustomed to paying 75c for.' ,;/'-'
TART 11. V
8. Overture, "Fra DiaTolo" Auber f==t- Children # s STRAW ' '
9. March r EMPORIUM' Marquardt fe^K. Hats? They're ready '
to. War Rockets .... T ..Conradt -such a stock of the
//. Harp Solo, Aunvedelamtr /> Vffl newest best as you
■I .............. Oberthuer t. A haven't before had a j
%™ : Breitschuck-Marquardt Sf<A chance to pick from- " .
12. Waltz, Tales from tie Tasi" J^jT Straw Hats and a va- '
.................. ... Faust v // riety of other Caps at
13. Fantaste, Old Kentucky Home .... er
14. Galop, " (Awakening of the
Li0n','......-..:. ..Kegei CAMPING Straws at 15c.
Some Must-Go Prices in the Suit and Cloak Dept.
■ » At $1.23, $2.10, Our $9.50 Blazer Dress in Fancy i
S^% 53.65, 54.95— A1l- i Mixed Cheviot— lined Jackets— ,
fv^ ' Wool Capes— the i were regularly sold at $15 and $16. -'
'J?«MkL- best styles. Every At Separate SKIRTS, fine
/Wtßv^s Cape marked twice ! figured Mohair and Black and White
\/ /R\\ NOthe price asked i Check— lined with rustle lining and :
S./ 1^ V-¥ when we • opened, finished with Velveteen binding.
X^rP^t^C-i and worth it. Regular price $4.50. . :,/■■: V:
>V **% Black, Blue, Tan, • EgS At $4-45 — Tan ■
and many other JM& Mixed All - Wool ,
shades. i *^7 Jackets, with fancy
9^j checked back; a
_ . „ regular $10 Jacket.
Your Outing Wardrobe will not be '< /i^Om The very latest-
complete without a Duck Dress. At {"(//][ . ! JV-A'cut, finished with
1.50— Duck Dresses, made of heavy j V^J^CS ; jfcv/' large and small
Golf Ducking, big sleeves, wide i ;. K^ pearl buttons — 3 1
skirts— Blazer Jackets. In every I JFflzLl sizes only— 32, 34, (
wav a desirable 2.50 garment. : "' v j 36. .
A Twentieth Address all Mail Order
/■> ' 4l&/k4Q Communications " Mail
Century ■ /JlV^ Order D:partment." ■£■
Market Street,
<^sS2^ San Francisco, CaL j
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free: .
Daily and Sunday Cat.l* one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Pally and Sutftlay Calx., one year, by mail. . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam- six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cali., three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail.. • .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
■/WOT Call, one year, by mail •• 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poing to the country on a vacation? If
■o. It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Co not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Ofllce will receive prompt attention.
SO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Teltpbone Maln-18»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay street,
ruepbon* .j^ Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayei street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I.irtia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\v, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
antll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
113 Klnih street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE I
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Hooms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DA YIP M. rOLTZ, Special Agent-
TCKsDA Y '7. ... 7.7. ■ ■ • . ■ JINK 23, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
I OK PRESIDKNT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOR VICK-riIK^IKKNT-
GARRETT A. HOBART, or New Jersey
KLKCTION NUVKMBKK ?., 1896.
Whitney is just frantic.
It is now time for every Democrat to
write a letter.
Grover may declare war on Spain just to
find vent for his feelings.
It is just about as well to begin calling
him President McKinley.
About the only use of the Chicago con
vention is to make more talk for a while.
In its last analysis Whitney"s letter is
simply a plea for Democracy to get on tbe
St. Louis platform.
Every Democrat is willing to talk of the
money question, but not one will say a
word about the tariff.
The election of McKinley is so well as
sured that business men are already talk
ing of new enterprises.
A few extreme silver leaders may for
sake the Republican party, but the voters
will stay with protection.
Every industry in the should or
ganize a Republican club and make a fight
for the protection it needs.
We won't turn the pictures of the silver
bolters to the wall yet. They may come
back in time to be forgiven.
There are few people who have any
hopes of the Chicago convention, but those
who have will be disappointed.
The more the people learu of Hobart 's
executive ability the more eager tbey are
to see him President of the Senate.
Now that the Duckleyites have been
forced down to bedrock they have noth
ing to lose and a light jn?t suits them.
Unless Cleveland gets his mad up and
interferes the Cuban crisis will probably
camp where it is and stay all summer.
The people know the repeal of the Mc-
Kinley tariff wrecked our industries and
that a re-enactment of it will revive them.
No man can be truly loyal to the Ameri
can home who is not also loyal to the
American workshop. The one needs the
other.
If the Democrats wish to poli their full
party vote in this State they had batter
make a Presidential ticket of Daggett and
Buckley.
It is reported from Vienna that Blanther
is bogus, but as our police did not know him
to be such they cannot be pnnished for
passing him.
The thiny: for Republicans to do now is
to push the work of organization as rap
idly aa possible. The campaign will soon
be under way.
Our alien labor legislation is aaid to be
displeasing to Canada, but all the same she
knows whenever she wishes to come in out
of the cold she can.
Teller should have looked before cc
leaped. It seems that in coming down in
the Democratic camp he landed on the
toes ol lots of people.
The Populists have no Presidential can
didate of their own this year and seem
willing to accept any old thing the other
parties will give them.
Every young voter who is to enter bis
. first political campaign this year should
join a Republican club at once and learn
how victory is organized.
The proposal to run Teller for Secretary
of the Treasury on the Democratic ticket is
one of those fresh schemes which are alto
gether too raw for digestion.
Now that his dear Standard oil friend
Whitney has come out for bimetallism
Cleveland nas no one to stand by his gold
standard save Morgan and Harrity.
In all this talk about tariff and finance,
no Congressional district in California
should lose sight of the anti-funding fight.
The people haven't won thut battle yet.
Pennsylvania Democrats will not go to
Chicago solid for Pattison. Tbe silver
men among them have got tip a diversion
for Sibley which promises to be very
diverting indeed.
There seems to be a prospect of good
prices for dried fruit this fall and moreover
a fairly good harvest despite the frosts, so
California will have money for business as
soon as D;isiness revives.
Many of the leading nations in Europe
nre ready for a return to international bi
metallism, and under the vigorous leader
ship of a Republican administration in
this country the return can be easily and
promptly effected.
LOYAL REPUBLICANS.
The statements of Senator Phoup of
Idaho and of Congressman Bowers of this
State, published in Thk Cam, yesterday,
gave a clear expression of tho altitude' of
loyal silver Republicans to the party at
tliis juncture, and aho outlined the policy
which it is best for Republican bimetal
lists to pursue in order most effectively
and most promptly to bring about the re
establishment of that system of money to
which they are devoted.
The statement* of the two leaders in re
gard to the proper policy of bimetallists,
who are also protectionists, are almost
identical with what The Call has already
advanced on the subject. Senator tShoup
said: "I am loyal at all times to the free
and unlimited coinago of the white metal
at a ratio of 10 to 1, and will always work
for the interests of my constituency, but I
believe the best plan for the people to pur
sue is to elect free silver ruen to Congress
from the old established parties, until a
work ing majority insures the passage of a
free coinage bill." Congressman Bowers
declared: "I will stick to silver and work
for it. but strictly within the lines of my
party. There is no good that can come
from bolting the Republican ticket. The
way to accomplish the hopes of free coin
age adherents is to work in the party until
a majority may be won, as the «nld adher
ents have won this time."
No Republican who has an intelligent
comprehension of the situation can doubt
the wisdom of the policy proposed. Noth
ing can be gained for the cause of free
coinage by leaving tbe Republican party.
As a matter of fact, the voters of the great
centers of population are thinking more
of work and wages than of any other
financial question. The issue to which
their thoughts and energies are directed is
tho establishment of a protective tariff
and a revival of industry. That is the
meaning of the popular uprising for Mc-
Kinley and the enjhusiasru with which
his nomination at St. Louis has been
everywhere ratified and commended.
Congressman iiowers gave an accurate
summary of the situation in saying: "The
American people never had a good chance
to test the difference between protection
and something else until the Wilson bill
went into effect. The change has been
so appalling in all kinds of business that
Democrats as well as Republicans are go
ing to have protection." That is the con
dition that confronts u^. Capitalists,
business men, workingmen and laborers
all feel the need of a restoration of the
American iudustrial system before we can
enter upon any monetary reforms. AYe
must first make secure and comfortable
the homes of the people. We must open
the shops, set the wheels turning and give
every man a chance to earn a living. The
people demand that much and the de
mand is just. All loyal protectionists,
therefore, must stay with the party in this
fight— we can settle the silver question
later on.
THE DISGRUNTLED.
When a Republican begins to predict de
feat for McKinley and Hobart in Califor
nia because the St. Louis platform does
not declare unqualifiedly for this or that
policy, he will be found, upon scratching
hi 3 back, to be merely disgruntled over
failure to get exactly what ha very much
wanted. When a man advertises that de
feat is staring his party in ihe face, ac
cording to his best judgment, a very loose
and hasty analysis of his character would
be quite enough to base the opinion upon
that he is a partisan to the extent of his
opportunity to use the party to iurther his
own aims.
Ingratitude is said to be an expression of
the lowest and most degraded attribute of
the human heart. It matters not whether
it finds play in social, business or political
life, it is none the less to be condemned,
denounced and hated. But there is a
spirit of manliness in nearly every one
that is quick to detect under the law of
attraction and repulsion tbe inner and
secret purpose of such an individual.
It is an insult to the intelligence of Cali
fornians of all creeds and parties to say
that any of them are so weak and uncer
tain of purpose as to be moved to open or
secret rebellion against their party simply
because they are not altogether pleased
with tbe policy the party will pursue in
the solution of certain economic problems.
When it comes to a matter of honest con
victions a manly man would boldly say
why he could no longer co-operate with
his old party. It is the dishonest man
who retains his connection with his party
to sow seeds of doubt, fault-finding and
apathy.
In truth, the rank and file of the Repub
lican party of California were never more
enthusiastic, never more determined, never
better satisfied with their National candi
dates than now. One need but read the
account of the outpouring of the people in
every town and city of the State on last
Saturday night to ratify the nominations
of McKinley and Hobart to know where
the Republican party stands. Shouts of
joy and satisfaction were heard through
out the length and breadth of the com
monwealth over the work of the St, Louis
convention. Patriotism, protection and
prosperity is the battle-cry.
Dost thou think, because thou art (not) virtuous,
there shall be no more cake and ale ?
Vt'S. by saint Anne, and ginger shall hot V the
mouth, too.
JAPAN'S PURPOSE.
In a very practical and substantial way,
without ostentation, Japan is forging
ahead in the direction of all kinds of man
ufacturing industries, and already her busi
ness men have shown great aptness in
carrying forward commercial and other
business enterprises on a large scale. This
is bound to place the empire in time in
the attitude of a strong competitor in all
the markets of the world. It may not be
generally known, but is nevertLeless true,
that next to the United States, Germany
and Russia, Japan comes with tbe largest
home population of what some one calls
"the up to date nations." And it is also
true of Japan that her middle or working
class are an ingenious, industrious and
frugal people who take great delight in
turning out better factory products than
some of their Christian competitors can,
or rather do.
The greatest progress Japan has made
in the industries will be found in cotton
fabrics, although woolen goods and fin
ished iron and leather products are in
creasing in volume right along. In 1388
the Japanese yarn mills turned out 8,000,
--000 pounds and 147,000.000 pounds last
year. During the period between the be
ginning of ISSB and the end of IS9s there
was a shrinkage in yarn imports of 43,500,
--000 pounds, or from C 0.000.000 pounds to
19,500,000 pounds.
Japan's cotton-mill fabric output shows
a still greater increase, fn the three years
ended December 31, 1895, the import of
raw cotton for home manufacture in
creased from 106.500,000 pounds to 182,
--500,000 pounds. Most of this raw material
was drawn from India and China. In
fact, practically all of it was drawn from
those countries, for the mills confined
their product to such coarse fabrics as are
used in Asia, but meanwhile the Japanese
mill-owners drew some cotton from
America for experiment. They believed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 189 G.
that they could make as pood and as fine
cotton cloth as England or the "United
.States, and how well they are succeeding
is told in their own statements, which
show that 10 per cent of the entire raw
cotton imported last year was grown in
the cotton fields of this country. In this
connection it may be said that Japan is
now turning out as fine and as good cotton
yarns and fabrics aa will be seen in Eng
lish or American mills.
But this is not all. Japan is spreading
out into the widest lielu of Industry— from
building the largest of ships to tbe
smallest of pins— not wholly, but only in
small part for home consumption. The
purpose is to compete every where— in the
goods and wares market of San Francisco
with our home industrial products. And
can Japan do this successfully? That de
pends upon ourselves. The cost of land
ing American raw material in Japan is
comparatively light. Japan's schedule of
wages ranges from 3.3 per cent to 75 per
cent below wages paid in this country,
and the difference between what an
American and a Japanese workman spends
for Jiving purposes is equally great. This
answers the question, "Can Japanese
manufacturers compete with us in our
martets?" The necessity, therefore, for
every workingman to be active, vigilant
and determined in the good work of pro
tecting American homes should be ap
parent. It is to do this — to protect Ameri
can homes — that the Republican party is
in existence^
WHITNEY'S PLEA.
William C. Whitney's plea for the salva
tion of the Democratic party is a confes
sion as well as an argument. Ha says a
crisis like as in ISGO is upon the party and
he predicts that it will be crushed next
November as it was thirty-six years ago.
The party is united, he says, upon every
question of National policy except the one
of free silver coinage, which is true, but
that is quite enough to prevent harmonious
and undivided action upon the other prin
ciples of government. The fact is, the
party has outlived its usefulness. It has
failed to keep abreast of the times. It
still plows with a "bull-tongue" and
thrashes with a flail. It refuses to learn
by experience or observation. The earth
is flat, the pun moves and the Democratic
party wears its coat "all buttoned up be
fore," as Old Father Grimes wore his.
But while admitting the deplorable con
dition of his party and foreseeing almost
certain humiliating defeat in November,
to be followed by disintegration, Mr.
Whitney does not altogether lose hope,
lie is not heels over head in the mad
waves of despair, though be is nearly des
perate and discouraged enough to sink
and let the waters cover forever his ambi
tion to be President of the United States.
He advises the Chicago convention to for
mulate a Joseph's coat kind of a platform
— a mixture of declarations of principles
to blend so perfectly in harmony, or
rather would appear so at a distance, that
the very elect would be willing to swear
that it was the work of the reincarnated
minds of Thomas Jefferson and Andrew
Jackson. In other words, Mr. Whitney
would have the Chicago platform so
adroitly straddle the silver question that
tbe goldites would order a banquet served
to celebrate their victory and the silverites
would sing hymns of praise to theCiverof
every good and perfect gift for giving the
enemy over into their hands— a platform
fashioned after an old game of chance,
"Now you see it and now you don't."
Mr. Whitney recited the fact, which
everybody but Teller, Boies and Bland has
known for a long time, that the countries
of the United States, Germany, France,
Italy, Austria, Holland and Belgium are
ready to hold an international congress to
devise ways and means to reinstate silver
in the monetary system of the world of
commerce and trade and security invest
ment, and that Great Britain is rapidly
drifting toward the same purpose, and
that in the near future a congress of the
nations will be held and bimetallism ac
cepted as the basis of redemption money.
But Mr. vVhitney merely elaborated the
meaning of the St. Louis platform. The
Republican party is solemnly pledged to
use the mighty influence of the United
States to hasten the calling of the nations
of the commercial world in conference to
prepare a stable and lasting monetary sys
tem that shall be the same everywhere,
meantime to not disturb the existing sys
tem. The Republican party is a 9 much of
a bimetallic party as it Is a protection
party, but it will take a little time to dis
entangle the snaris into which the Demo
cratic party's incapacity has placed the
country.
The purpose of Mr. Whitney is to first
blind the rank and file of his party by the
glare of highly burnished subterfuge, eva
sion and hypocrisy, and then inveigle
them into his gold trap, for his wing of
the Democratic party is for the gold
standard now and forsver; The leaders of
tbe wing are, for the most part, those who
toil not, neither do they spin. They live
upon investments, and the greatest labor
they perform is clipping coupons from
their bonds. Such individuals look upon
silver as plebeian money, but they can
not fool anybody with their tain: about
bimetallism. As we have said, the St.
Louis platform contemplates a bimetallic
currency at the earliest possible moment,
but meanwhile it thinks it best not to fly
from ills we have to others we know noth
ing about. The "Dollar of our Daddies"
will be in evidence and tbe Republican
party will issue the mandate that shall
make it as good a dollar of redemption as
any other kind of a dollar.
THE BUSINESS SITUATION.
The business situation here in San Fran
cisco grows stronger and more encourag
ing. As compared with la3t year the vol
ume of inland merchandise distribution
is larger and includes all hues of season
able article.*. Country merchants are buy
ing full lines, whereas Jast year, and for
three years in fact, their purchases were
larpelv confined to replenishing old stocks.
There is also satisfactory improvement in
country collections, and, generally speak
ing, there is a better leeling and a larger
degree of confidence in the present and fu
ture of business than has been observed for
three years.
The ocean trade, foreign and coastwise,
is about 20 per cent greater than at this
time last year, and the opinion in com
mercial circles is that there will be sub
stantial improvement right along. There
are a good many engagements being made
of ships to take away the new wheat crop,
but rates are a trifle higher, which is not
pleasing. China continues to take silver in
fairly large quantities. The trouble
among the Columbia River fishermen and
packers is causing considerable shrinkage
in the salmon trade, and no little loss will
be sustained thereby. Offerings of com
mercial paper for discount are not heavy,
and it may be said that prime lonns and
discounts are wanted by the banks.
Congressman Bowers was right in say
ing: "There is no good can come from
bolting the Republican ticket. The way
to accomplish the hopes of free-coinage
adherents is to work in the party until a
majority may be won, as the gold ad
herents have won this time."
PERSONAL.
C. L. Connor of Bakersfield has a room at the
Baldwin.
Dr. Bush, a Santa Cruz physician, is a guest
at the Grand.
William R. Cortle Jr. of Honolulu is » guest
at the Occidental.
Mayor H. N. Baggs of Stockton took a room
at the Lick last night.
Simeon Bley and a party of ten are at the
Lick, registered from Mexico.
C. E. Crowley, a contractor of Los Angeles,
arrived at the (jrand yesterday.
K. E. Picket, a mining man from Placerville,
arrived at the Palace last night.
A. Macree May arrived at the Palace yester
day and registered from Tokio, Japan.
*B. C. de la Grange, a Parisian traveling in
America, is among late arrivals at the Palace.
Mark Cook, a well-known mining man at
West Point, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
O. A. Hale of San Jose returned last night
from the St. Louis convention and went to the
Baldwin.
S. St. John and wife of Mare Island and A. J.
McKnight of Vallejo have taken apartments
at the Kamona.
Mrs. Shine, wife of Senator Shine, has re
turned from San Rafael and is registered at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. J. Rich, of A. J. Rich <fe Co., will arrive on
the overland train to-day, after having spent
three months in Europe.
W. H. Alford of Tulare, who was & disap
pointed candidate for Congress two years ago,
is making a short stay at the Grand.
The Rev. J. c. Burgess, a clergyman of Dan
ville, Contra Costa County, is in town for a
short visit and has a room at the Occidental.
Charles H. Worcester aud H. E. Southwell
registered at the Grand yesterday from Chi
cago. They are accompanied by their wives.
Mtijor William E. Morris, who is dealing ex
tensively in Palo Alto real estate, is in town
and is making the Ramona his headquarters.
Ira G. Hoytt, ex-State Superintendent of
Public Instruction and principal of Hoytt'3
School at Burlingame, is at the Occidental for
a short visit.
W. 11. Herron is in town from the Geysers.
He has a room at the Grand. There are about
forty guests, he says, at that secluded Sonoma
County resort.
Bishop XV. F. Nichols, who was recently in
disposed at his home in San Mateo, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday with Mrs. Nichols.
They will return to-day to their summer home.
George Fogel, the well-known wholesale and
retail clothier on Clay street, is going to Har
bin Springs, Lake County, for the summer.
He will be accompanied by his wife and
family.
L.G.Fletcher and L. F. Gorvend, members
of the United States Geological Survey, have
returned to the Occidental after a short ex
pedition since their arrival in the State a few
days ago.
Juan I'adilla, a wealthy physician and promi
nent man of Guatemala, arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday after having visited Santa
Barbara, Monterey and other seaside resorts.
From here he will go to New York and thence
to his Central American home.
Percy Tarbutt and Edmund Daviej, two
members of a London syndicate, that have
come to this country with Prince Pouintovvski
to purchase some mining properties in Cala
veras County, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
They are accompanied by Mrs. Edmund Davies,
Mrs. Tarbutt, Miss Dorothy Tarbutt and Miss
Phyllis Tarbutt.
E. P. Vinlng will leave for the East on
Thursday to meet his two daughters, AnaW-1
and Ella, who are now in Boston, and see them
off for a summer tour of Europe, from which
they will reeurn in September. Mr. Vining
does not expect to be away more thnn two
weeks. During his absence J. D. Jessup, his
chief clerk, will have charge of the general
manager's office.
Harry J. Doulton of Santa Barbara, nephew
of the Doulton who was knighted by Queen
Victoria because of the reputation he had
acquired as the manufacturer of the celebrated
English Doultonware, arrived at the Grand
yesterday. Mr. Doulton is interested in the
oil wells at Summerland, a small place six
miles east of Santa Barbara, and has for some
time managed the business tnere.
Susan B. Anthony, the advocate of equal
suffrage for fifty years and one of the women's
most tireless wo/kers during the political con
ventions recently held in this State, arrived at
the tiraud yesterday. She was accompanied
by Mrs. Ida A. Harper, who was formerly a
journalist of Indianapolis, Ind., but who came
to this coast three years ago and entered Stan
ford University with her daughters. Miss
Harper was graduated from the University
last month, having acquired quite a reputa
tion among her fellow-students as a con
tributor to the different student publications.
She is an expert cyclist and, like her mother,
is an enthusiastic advocate of women's rights.
Last week she was in Sacramento, appealing
in vain to the obdurate Democrats.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 22.— Sailed per
steamship Trave for Bremen— Mr. and Mrs. W.
Rosenberg, £. Wactitel, Harley E. Hamilton,
Profesor J. Feethausen and Kmile A. Jr. and
Francis IS. If. I.enoc. At the Hoffman — 0.
Belau, E. H. Hamilton, S. M. Woods, T. Mans
field, S. M. Shorjridge, J. D. Spreckels; Grand—
J. M. Brezel; Barrett— J. B. Eldridge; Morton—
W. Ellis; Plaza— J. S. Jackson and wife;
Savoy— Dr. M. Krotoszyner and wife; Astor—
H. Bryhean and wife, H. Proaitter, J. Serx, A.
J. C. Sutherland; St. Denis— W. K. Townsend,
W. I>. Keyster; Metropolitan— S. S. Thompson;
Holland— Mrs. XV. H. Suydam, W. Rosenberg
and wife, C. L. Fair; Murray Hill— F. E.
Clarke, C. H. Shiela. Mr. and Mrs. Otto Isen
berg and family left the Plaza Hotel to sail by
the North German line for Southampton.
IN THE OPEN AIR.
Awheel and away from the smoky town,
To the country-side, where the earth blooms fair;
From the liery ways where the sun beats down,
t or a bracing run in the open air.
Spring Into the saddle with feverish haste!
Keen joy in the heart aud a laugh for care;
Away where the branches are interlaced
With the glorious blue of the open air.
The soul grows lean in the narrow streets;
The Hpiril hearkeus to grim despair;
Awheel and away where the rarest sweets
Hcent every breath of the open air.
The soul shall expand ami the heart grow light
In the distant lane where the city's blnre
Is lost like a phuntom of vanished'night;
Awheel aud away to the open air!
—Chicago Times-Herald.
COST OF A CONVENTION.
Chica-'O News
Some (surprising calculations have been
made as to the cost of the big convention just
closed in St. Louis. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars was contributed by the Citi
zens' League. The cost of the hall alone was
$75,000, and although it will last for yearn it
is chargeable to the convention of 189 G.
Other bills are the expenses of the sergeant-at
arins of the convention, various printing ac
counts, cleaning the hall each night, its light
ing, lees for police and hre protection, big
postage bills and a thousand other things.
The expenses of the sergeant-at-arms were
large. He had been in St. Louis some time
and had busy day and night an army of type
writers who occupied an entire suite of rooms
at a hotel. But the money expended by the
Citizens' League is a mere "bagatelle to what
was spent by the delegates aud visitors.
There were over 1000 delegates and alter
nates, who, with their followers and friends,
made a total of some '2000 directly interested.
With the reporters, messengers, etc., the entire
number reached at least 8000. 1 1 is estimated
each of these men spent $100 in addition to
his railroad fare, aud if so the total of money
in circulation in St. Louis by the visitors was
$300,000. Add to this the expenses of the
telegraph companies and big press associa
tions aud around sum of $500,000 will be the
result.
This is a large sum, but is not the limit. Be
sides the 3000 men there were 100,000 visi
tors, who probably spent $250,000 ior railroad
fare, and how much more they spent aiter
they reached their destination depended, of
course, upon their Individual pocket-books.
Three dollars a day may be considered a small
amount for each, and something over $3,000,
--000 is the result of adding this to the previous
sum. Then there is the cos. of brass bands, of
sending the news to the papers, tbe cost of
thousands of private telegrams and innumer
able other things, which will bring the total
up to $4,000,000. This $4,000,000 would
build four battleships.
If the $4,000,000 were to be paid out in dol
lar bills and the bills made into a carpet the
carpet would be 1000 leet long, 650 feet wide
and cover 15 acres, and the Capitol at Wash
ington, if set down in the middle of it, would
appear as a toyhouse in the centerof a big rug.
Four million dollars in gold piled in a Dyramid
4 feet at the base wouid be 5 leet high. In
silver dollar.-, with a base 10 teet square, the
pyramid would be 15 feet high.
The cigars smoked by the 100,000 who went
to St. Louis, allowing five cigars a day a piece,
would be 3,500.000 and would make a pile of
70,000 boxes ot ;"ioeaeh and this pile would be
2) .; miles high. Placed end to end the 3,500
--000 cigars would reach 243 miles. At a three
for-a-quarter price they would cost $291,U6G.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
POPULISTS WARNED.
Machiavellian Work— Deception in Regard
to Teller.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
Every intelligent aud ardent Populist who has
only read the Associated Press news dispatch
purporting to give the address of National
Chairman Taubeneck and other leading Pop
ulists of the country in favor of making Sen
ator Teller the Presidential candidate of the
People's party is certainly in a maze of doubt,
tinged with indignation; for the whole force
of the address Implies that they have gone
daft on the single silver issue, and he sees that
whatever influence the address will have as
thus reported will tend to divide and dis
hearten true and loyal Populists. Butlo! what
a change steals over his heart and illu
mines his mind as he reads that address In
full as sent over the wires by the United Press
News Agency and published in tne columns of
The Call this (.Sunday) morning! Permit me
to say that The Ca.ll has done the Populists of
this whole coast a service which they will
highly apureciute when they fully understand
the value and character o£ that service simply
as regards this one dispatch, headed "Teller to
Lead the Populists," and I ask uuusual space
ior this letter that I may expose the treachery
and dishonor of this Associated Press service.
Indeed It is a matter of serious importance to
all honorable men, be they Republicans, Dem
ocrats or Populists, to have the true but skill
fully concealed purpose of tnis conscienceless
news agency fully disclosed, thereby to some
extent neutralizing its baleful influence.
On comparing closely the address as pub
lished this morning in the Examiner and
Chronicle.who.se news service is that of the
Associated Press, with that published in The
Call, as wired by Cnited Press News Agency,
I find it a glaring and dastardly case of "sup
pressioveri," in which the half-truth, told
with Machiavellian cunning and duplicity, sur
passed downright falsehood in the effect it
was intenied to produce, and has indeed pro
duced where this garbled dispatch alone has
been read. In order to render the exposure
complete, a word of explanation is needed for
readers who do not understand the attitude of
earnest Populists toward "fusion" of any kind
on the silver issue or any other issue.
Until recently National Chairman Taubeneck
has been under grave suspicion of a desire to
surrender the Populist party to the silverltes
by an abandonment of all other Populist issues
ior the sole issue of free silver coinage, but he
has just set himself right with most Populists
by tne publication of a irank and manly letter
in which he unequivocally denies the charge
and outlines a course of action in full accord
with the views of the People's party; and now
comes this dispatch through the news service
of the Associated Press and places him and
other prominent Populists in a worse light
than ever, indicating that they have rushed
headlong after Senator Teller as a single silver
plank candidate for the Presidency. No acts
of theirs could De more offensive to all loyal
and true Populists than this would be
if they were guilty of it. But they
are not; they are loyal, true, manly,
open-hearted and grandly patriotic in the ad
dress as published in The Call, but they are
made to appear in quite another light in the
dispatch published in the Examiner and
Chronicle by the omission of the paragraphs
which define the attitude of Senator Teller
toward the Populist party, the one vital thing
for Populists to know, but which was so
adroitly and completely suppressed by the
trained and talented deceivers in the service
of the Associated Press, the most malign
agency controlled by the gold men for delud
ing and confusing a trusting people to secure
their votes, bo that they themselves shall
give the gold oligarchy a new lease of power.
The reader is now prepared to understand
In a measure the treachery and dishonor of
this malignant news agency in omitting this
paragraph:
A coincident of fear, of hope, of conviction, al
ready exi-iH aiuonp intelligent and Observant
people. Political division alone creates an obstacle
to unity of purpose and harmony of action be
tween them. Ihe duty of every patriot is to re
move this obstacle, so far as it can be, by honor
able concessions and reasonable sacrifices. These
do not i-ojii. nip.iiif even the thought of merging
our party into any other or the sligntest; Impair
ment of its efficiency: but, alone, for the sake of
, humanity and to avert, if posalblu, the disasters
which the supremacy of the money power now
so menacingly forebodes, to secure the union of
good citizens who think alike upon the important
issues of financial reform, in behalf or the election
of a I'rrßMi-nt who In spirit is antagonistic to none
of the fundamental principles of our party and
has openly engaged in the most sturdy advocacy
of our chiefeat measures.
Mark well the purport of these last words:
"A President who in spirit is antagonistic to
none of the fundamental principles of our
party and has openly engaged in the most
sturdy advocacy of our chiefest measures."
How eagerly every Populist in the land will
grasp at that assurance! How cunning the
hand that struck it out of the addressl I will
inclose in brackets [ ] the portion omitted
from the following paragraph:
We see In the private and official life of Henry
M. Teller a beacon, brightly burning, warning the
people oft the threatening shores of dissension.
He has but now publicly abandoned tne Repub
lican party, with which he has been associated
since its first organization [entering it when led by
conscience to strive for the overthrow of human
bondage and leaving it when Lincoln's teachings
were swallowed up in the greed and cruelty of the
money kings. J-'or twenty years he has been a
commanding figure in the Nation's life, a Cabinet
oflicer and Senator of the United States. Nomi
nally a Republican, be has many times openly de
tied his party when its members sought to make it
an instrument of injustice and oppression].
It required little political sagacity to discern
the reason for the omission of the bracketed
portion of the foregoing paragraph. But here
follows another paragraph which was sup
pressed because of its extreme acceptability
and vital interest to Populists, and, f would
fain hope, to a large majority of both .Republi
cans and Democrats, as the only safe and
patriotic view to be taken of the money ques
tion, which reads as follows:
For twenty years he has stood as a bulwark
aeainst the tyrannical encroachments of the Na
tional banks; he has never hesitated to declare
that tl«-y should be deprived of all authority to
issue money aud to contrpl its volume; he is an
unfllncning advocate of the duty of the Govern
ment to maintain ana exercise exclusively for the
people the sovereign power of emitting all money—
toM. silver and paper. He holds that to issue
bonds in time of peace is a stupendous wrong to
the people and the country.
Populists are now able to see what they may
expect from tne news service ot the Associated
Press, while on the other hand the news ser
vice of Thk Call, that ot the United Press, has
given tho address without mutilation, and The
Call has published it in full, although it sup
ports McKinley and the platform on which he
stands, and as in duty bound also whacks
away in good style at the Populists. This is
certainty broad-gauge journalism such as is
rarely seen in any part of the world. In a
word, The Call speaks for all and with a large
and true American tolerance worth of all com
mendation. Joseph Asbury Johnson.
11 Essex street, Pan Francisco.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lord Salisbury from boyhood has been known
In his domestic circle by his second name, Ar
thur.
Professor O. F. Enjerson of Cornell is to be
come a member of the faculty of Western Re
serve University at Cleveland next fall.
Miss Helen Gould in a letter to a friend said
recently: "My idea is that the best memorial
to those we love is something that will do a
rtal benefit to the living."
Thomas McKean, one of the trustees and a
member of the class of '62, has offered to give
the University of Pennsylvania $100,000 on
the condition that it raise $1,000,000 within &
specified time.
Ex-Governor Holhrook, the hale and sturdy
old war Governor of Vermont, is the best gar
dener in the vicinity of Brattleboro. No vil
lager gets more glimpses of sunrise than this
veteran agriculturist.
Mrs. Julia Ward Howe is younger even at 77
than she was when Oliver Wendell Holmes
called her "70 years young." She preserves
with her advancing years a fine enthusiasm
for everything of feminine interest.
Bue'no.s Ayres is going to erect a monument
to Garibaldi. It will be appropriate, as Gari
baldi spent twelve years of his life in fighting
for South American freedom, but is probably
thought of on account of the large proportion
of Italians in the population of the city.
A man who took care of Emperor William I
for thirty years died last month In Berlin, aged
83. His name was Engel, and the old Emperor
was so much attached to htm that he created a
special title for him— "Garderobeu-Intendant."
He had charge of the Emperor's historic col
lections, and it was his special duty to see to
it that the scrapbook containing newspaper
clippings made for the Emperor was placed
before him promptly every morning.
A Scotch Presbyterian stained glass window
is to be set up.of all places, in St. <;ilus Church
in Edinburgh. The Marquises of Bute and of
Breadalbane,|the Earls of Airli<, of Aberdeen
and of llopetown, and Lords P.elhaven and
Stenton will all have panes in a window com
memorating the connection of thflr families
with the Scottish General Assembly during
the reign of Queen Victoria.
HEARTY APPROVAL.
, Woodland Mail.
John D. Spreckels was tinally chosen Na
tional Committeeman from this State in place
of M. H. de Young. The appointment meets
with the Mail's hearty approval.
WILL VOTE RIGHT.
* Woodland Mail.
Those Republicans who wanted silver so
badly feel a little blue over the gold plank, but
rather than keep the Democrats in power, who
have proven wholly incompetent, they will
vote for the father of the McKinley bill when
the time conies^
WILL REFLECT HONOR
Redlamls Citrograph.
John D. Spreekels has been confirmed as
National Committeeman in place of M. EL De
Young. Mr. Spreckels i» young, rich, active,
aggressive and sensible and we believe he will
discharge the duties of that responsible office
in a manner that will reflect honor on the
State. ____________
ENTERPRISING AND UP TO DATE.
Redwood City Times-Gazette
The Call has for the past three days given
our readers the news bright and early, which
shows enterprise, and our up to date business
man, Pnilip frineevale of this place has them
delivered before the sun is up, thus The Call
readers have the news three hours before the
other dailies arrive. The Call has selected a
wide-awake agent in this city. Give Ivini your
subscription?.
HAVE THE BEST OF IT.
Woodland Mail.
There is more truth than poetry in the fol
lowing from the Redding Free Press: "Re
publicans will adopt a gold platform; the
Democrats a silver platform. If the Populists
Indorse the Democratic candidate they kill
their party and organization, if they do not,
but nominate a candidate on a silver platform
they divide the silver vote. Seems to us the
Republicans have tne best of the situation."
A VALUABLE NUMBER.
Santa Cruz Sentinel
The San Francisco Call was again delivered
at Santa Cruz and way stations this morning
by a special train. It is a twenty-eight-page
paper to-day largely devoted to an exhaustive
review of tne history and achievements of the
Republican party from the nomination of Fre
mont in 185G to the Dlacing of John 1).
Spreckels on the National Committee In 189 U.
It is a valuable number for reference for all
persons who desire to keep posted in politics.
BEAT ALL RECORDS.
Kedlands Citrograph.
The Examiner has been in the habit of
scooping its rival 3ln convention times by
sending out special trains. The Call didn't
like it, but said nothing and sawed wood.
This week The Call sent out a special to
Sacramento that beat all previous records,
placing their papers in that city at 4:23, one
hour and a half ahead of all others. And
Charley Shortridge only smiled when he re
marked: "Thk Call is only beginning; wait
and see."
LADY'S SHIRT WAIST.
A very pretty ard stylish shape is shown in
this shirt waist. The shallow yoke or shoulder
pieces in front hold the fullness in place and
give a tailor finish. Any cotton or linen fabric
Is suitable, excepting those of very light
weight. Wash silk and the silk and cotton
mixtures called swivel silk are also used. But
bright and dull tones of almost all colors are
used.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Did you ever have any serious accidents
while traveling."
'•Did I ? It was while I was traveling
through the South that I met my wife."—
Harper's Bazar.
"There is going to be a wonderful eclipse of
the moon next week."
"Well, keep quiet about it. If my wife finds
it out, she will insist ou having a new dress
for the occasion."— Texas Sif tings.
Rev. Dr. Primus — What are the men of your
churches doing to prevent the spectacle of
short skirts on tbe stage?
Mr. Secundus— They are paying for their
wives' and daughters' tall bonnets.— Baltimore
Life.
First Cannibal— Dark or light meat?
Second Cannibal— Let me see. It was the
brunette who sobbed so bitterly, was it not?
Yes. A little of the blonde, please.— New York
Press.
♦'What's the matter here?"
"Man broke his neck."
"What story did he fall from?"
"Didn't fall; 'tried to see the top of the
building."— Truth.
Charlie Debroke— l mppose, Miss Roxy, that
you are aware that for some time my heart has
not been in my possession.
Miss Roxy— Why, Mr. Debroke, I had no idea
that you could borrow money on that.—
Harlem Life.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS
A Novel Experiment.
Hanford Sentinel.
Put one finger on your heart and one on
your head and see which thumps the hardest
against equal suffrage.
In Harmony.
Gals Gazette.
Quite appropriate: Grover Cleveland's pri
vate carriage is called a "Victoria," and he
wears a Prince Albert coat.
Frost as a Health. Preserver.' '
Fresno Republican.
An optimistic citizen rises to remark that
frost purifies the air. It does. It also de
creases damage to health from overwork In
picking grapes and some other kinds of fruit.
Oppressing the Poor.
Castroville Enterprise.
The income tax, being a tax upon the
wealthy, was promptly declared unconstitu
tional by the Supreme Court, yet it contained
many essential features of justness. The poll
tax, being a tax upon the poor, who are en
tirely defenseless before the mighty Supreme
Nullirlers, is permitted to be extorted year
after year, and relief is nowhere in sight.
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
. : < — — - — »--> . : ,- ■
Finest eyeglasses, specs, 15 0 up. 4th st.
Sundays 738 Market street (Kasfs shoe store).*
• — * — •
Special inlormation daily to manufacturers,
business bouses and public men .by the Proai
Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Montgomery. •
•99 75 to Washington, I>. ('., and Re
tarn.
The official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Young People's Society Chris
tian Endeavor at Washington. D. C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29, at 2r.u.
and San Francisco Tuesday, June 30, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via the Central Pacific, Union
pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of G. W. Campbell,
president of tho California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North Second Street, San Jose, and
William O. Alexander, ex-president of the Call
fornla Christian Endeavor Union, 21 North Fourth
street. San Jose. For further information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentle
men or to D. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
Ban Francisco; C. K. Bray, a New Montgomery
street, San Francisco; G. F. Herr, 23 South Spring
street, Los Angles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
r — ♦■■— • ■
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
Central Pncific, Uuion Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern lines. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San Francisco July 1 at 6_p. *.
special rate for the round trip to Chicago f 72.50.
Tickets on sale June 30 ami July 1.
Sleeping-car reservations now on sale at Union
Pacific office. 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. D. W. Hitch
cock, Genera] Agent, San Francisco.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
Ad excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June W aud July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook * Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Paciflc P.ailroad. XL C Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, S. F.
• — «. — «
Northern Pacific Kailrond.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
ventloD at Chicago, the Christian Kndeavorers at
Washington and National Kduca.lonal Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt., 638 Market st., S. F.
I*SK Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters to stimulate
the appetite and keep the digestive organs in
order.
• — ♦— •
Faded hair recovers its youthful color and
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Bai bam.
Pabkkb's Oingkr Toxic cures Inward pains.
— — • — ♦ — •
When you feel 'as cross as a cat," a dose of
Ayer's Pills will make you as good-natured as a
Kitten, fry them for biliousness.
NEW TO-PAT.'
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY JUNE 30, 1896
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM^ MARKET ST.
Pacific-Street Business Property.
S. line of Pacific, 24 feet W. of Jerome alley,
or about 111:6 feet W. of Montgomery street.
Two-story building: theater below; 12 rooms
; above; rent $100 per month; cement stone aide-
walk; lot 26x107:6. •
, Howard-Street Residence.
E. line (No. 2107) of Howard street, 75 feet
south of Seventeenth; large bay-window residence
of 10 rooms and bath; in elegant condition; choice
neighborhood: cement walk: basalt rock in street-
Howard-street cars; lot 25x100 feet.
Oak-Street Lot.
R. side of Oak street. 187.6 feet W. of Devisv
dero: this choice building lot is surrennded by fine
buildings; but 1 block from Golden Gate Park : ele-
gant lot 'or a home or for a builder to construct
French flats upon; street In splendid condition;
Oak-street cable and electric cars; lot 60x137:8
feet.
"Western Addition French Flat*.
Northeast cor. (No. 1242) of McAllister and
Steinersts. Building comprises 2 French flats of
7 rooms and bath each. Brick foundation: base-
ment. Choice location: everything In Al condi-
tion. Street bltuminized: stone walk. McalUs er-
street cable. Large corner lot, 30x110 feet.
Railroad Avenue Business Property.
Building: and lot (No. 1012), west line Railroad
aye., 26:8 feet north of Serv!a St., or 13th aye.
Large building, of saloon and five rooms below
and seven rooms above: large and high basement
below. This is a business location. Street la
basalt stone. Klectrlc cars pass the property.
Large lot, 26:8x99 :i feet. -
Mission Cottage, Near Market Street.
West line (No. 310) of Noe, 181 :6 feet ;aouth of
Market street. Handsome bay-window cottage of
five rooms and bath, conservatory, basement,
attic and stable. A pretty home. Must be sold.
Kxamiue it. Castro-street cable. Lot 26x105
feet.
Holly Park Residence.
South line (No. 38) of West avenue, 150 feet
east of l'altou street. Handsome bay-window
cottage of five rooms and bath, nearly new,
wash tubs and watercloset; brick foundation.
One block from Mission cars. Lot 25x127 feet.
Mission— Twenty-fourth Street Business
Lot.
N. line of Twenty-fourth 5t.,97:6 feet W. of Treat
avenue. This lot is ready for building; good busi-
ness location: street in basalt rock; several elec-
tric roads; large lot 37:6x100 feet.
Outside Land Block No. 1092.
8. side of Golden Gate Park, fronting R st.,
Thirtieth and Thirty- ayes. ; 42 city lots.
Golden Gate Park Residence Lot.
W. line of Clayton, 37:6 feet S. of Page st. : all
ready for building; fine residences surround this
lot: one block only to Golden Gate Park; Haight,
Oak electric roads: lot 25x106:3 feet.
Holly Park Residence Lot.
S. line of Plymouth aye., 358:6 feet K. of Holly
st. and near Mission st. pleasant surroundings
street sewered and macadamized: lot ready for
building; Mission-st. electric-cars; lot 25x100 feet.
Richmond Residence Lot.
E. line of Twenty-fifth aye., 250 feet 8. of Point
Lobos aye.: lot ready for building: Twenty-fifth
aye. graded and macadamized; must be sold;
Sutro electric-road ; lot 25x120 feet.
EASTO>', ELDRIDGE & CO., :
Auctioneers,
Salesroom 638 Market Street.
Like thea/3fit~i r^^jy^y^b^^\
M/tts offfo//^nf^W^^^%
vSTANDAGDSbirte mt&vyiik
have fourffreaf-~^j^s*§gss£B^
fgfeyfiEf/^
A/eustci otter Bros . — vMfr. JJsTcat-
JJ "Well, what more can wo do?"
fli We know that it is the most reliable
JrfJ/^_ J-.iif,'iii(> made, ami guarantee It In
£]gL every particular. Yes, tho Hkrcu-
f"Well, -n hat more can wo do?'*
We know that it is the most reliable
Engine made, ami guarantee It in
every partirular. Yes. the Hkrcu-
i.km (.as and CUso&nta Engine. If
fH you need an en yon ought to writ*
» lor a Catalogue and Price List to
■ American Type Founders' Co.
400-407 Sansome Street,
' San Francisco. Cal.
Massachusetts Institute of .Technology.
Examinations FOB entrance to mass.
■*-* institute of Technology will be held at Bel.
Mont School, Belmont, Cal.. beginning June 25, at
9 a. m. lor particulars address W. T. KJEIP.
Head Master. ; ■ , ,*• . ' ;
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
SPRAINS AND BRUISES.MESDAY JCNK 23, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Twvatfr. "The Squire of Dames,"
California THEATER.-"The Grey Mare."
'nixjfKiA 1 »-i.>tkk— "Lord Chumley" and
"The Silent System.'
Mohosco's v kiu-Hocbk- "A Perilous Voy-
age."
Tjvoi.l Ophfa-Hot-bf.— "A Trip to the Moon."
'rphkim— High-Class Vaudeville.
I'ark Thkater— Grove street, between Polk
and Van Ness avenue— " Cruiskeen Lawn."
- '' *.< roNoroH Tbkatkb (Oakland) —"A
Gilded Fool. '
Sutho Baths— Bathing and performances.
fciicoTTHF. t'nrTKs— Dailv a Hatgtu street, one
liock east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chas. Levy & Co.— day (Tuesday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Frank W. Bctterfiki,!) — This day
(Tuesday), Furniture, at 420 Fourteenth street, at
2 o'clock.
By Eastojj & ! LPRinoK.— This day (Monday),
Furniture, at NX. corner of Satter and Uctavia
street*, at 10 o'clock.
By Kasto>- A Ki.nßinoE— Saturday, June 27,
Heal Estate, at Murphy station, at 1 o'clock.
By E ASTON & Xi Tuesday. June 30,
R»al Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
By L. H. Bubd— Thursday, June 25, Furniture,
at 211 Larkin street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF.
"Fair Tuesday"— Local forecast official, W.
H. Hammon.
Rev. G. Vinay, the Italian pastor, was buried
yesterday in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Lnst evening another barbers' union was
formed, making the fifth oi its kind in this
I
The contract for constructing the new mu
nicipal building has been awarded to Shea &
Shea.
Martha Sutton has filed for probate the will
of William Sutton, who left property valued at
$7500.
Judge Slack yesterday granted Mrs. Ada M.
Freitas a divorce from M. T. Freitas on the
ground of cruuiiy.
Levy R. Gordon, an ex-policeman, appeared
- I Plan's court yesterday to answer a
charge of strahng milk.
Willard de L. Kingsbury. vice-principal of
tin £wett (irar.imar School, will be mar
ri'-.t this evening to a former pupil.
A creditable Fourth of July celebration Is
assured. The executive committee met
• lay and scaled down several expense
iU'ms.
Ige Sea-well yesterday decided the suit of
-!een agai.ist the Hendy estate in favor of
. :• niants. A technicality iost the case
for .-teen.
Steward Robinson of the County Hospital
and fais son were examined by the Board of
H"«'.;h ,ast evening in their investigation of
tne :n.'-pita!.
A novel system of Interstate correspondence
•en auspiciously begun between the
ary school children of this City and those
oi Arcola. 111.
The Native Daughters of the Golden West
held a banquet at Native Sons' Hall last even
ins in honor of Mrs. Mary Tillmann, lately
: their president.
When the next Legislature meeta Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald will endeavor to se
-aec nf naif a dozen bills affecting
the laboring community.
Warren A: i VMalley have a huge two years'
grading job in Richmond District, comprising
ti.e old race rack and forty blocks of sand
dunes north of the part.
Mrs. Balckwell has been detained by the po
:. connection with the Katie Keenan case.
The autopsy on the latter snowed Jhat death
was the result of malpractice.
Aujrostin Schmttt, who committed suicide
Sunday night, whs temporarily insane. He
v.-R- attacked by robb u rs two months ago and
never recovered from the shock.
In the Ashley-Bald u-in trial yesterday ex-
Peters oi the Oakwood told of the seven
hour poker games that Baldwin and his
ds used to engage in at the hotel.
General Sheehan was on the stand in the
People's Ba k ci.s- in Judee Seawell's court
d of the bank's relations with
jnines Aiva Watt, the attorney of tbe institu
tion.
Dr. Kuhlmati refused to testify at the Jens
- nierup inquest yesterday and he was
sent to jail for contempt. The arguments in
the case will be heard before Judge Wallace
to-day.
M s< Lake's beautiful school on the corner of
Sutter and Octavia streets has been closed on
account of a lack of funds, and the furniture,
s, bric-a-brac and paintings are to be sold
to-day.
Kdward Fogarty, a young man living on
Nineteenth street, who terrorized the neigh
>d Friday eveninsr. was sent to the
County Jail for thirty days by Judge Conlan
yesterday.
Judge Magulre declared yesterday that the
decision of Ju>ige Catlin in "the Mc( latchy con
tempt case was made us a punishment, and
that the Free Pre>s Defense Association should
be revived.
The $25,000 libel suit of ex-Managing
E'litor Henderson against Chris Buckley,
hinted at in The Call a few weeks apo, is
Bb-iut to be filed. The complaint has already
been prepared.
John Con berry, a laborer in the sugar re
finery, appeared before Judge Jonchimsen yes
terday to answer a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon in throwing a cobblestone at a
saiaou-keeper on Jessie, street.
Captain Franft W. Warren, Company H- F:r?t
Regimen;, N. G. ' was tried by court-martial
• veiling at the Calitornia Hotel on a
charge- of stuffing the ranks of his company
with non-members at the last muster.
The Pacific (oast Trotting Horse Breeders'
;tion have about completed arrange
ments for their summer meet at Ingleside. An
• nt programme has been arrange') and
the entries assure some most enjoyable con
tests.
Judge Conlan yesterday dismissed the case
of Abraham iJreen, jeweler, chnrgod with
embezzlement by J. H. Berry, a miner,
and there was a sensational scene in court,
• by Btrry making a move as if to draw o.
revolver.
The City Guard Club, composed of members
of Company B, the oldest National Guard
company in the State, last evening celebrated
Its forty-second anniversary with a banquet,
in which music and toasts were generously in
terspersed.
Mrs. Nettle R. Craven responded to the
*übpena calling her before Judge Slack last
evening to show what papers she has coming
from or affecting the estate of James G. Fair.
Ihe matter was postponed until Wednesday
evening on account of the illtiess of her
counsel, Mr. Deimas. Under advice oi counsel
she refused to be sworn as directed by the
court, and was threatened with imprisonment
for contempt. Judgment was suspended,
however, until to-day at 2 p.m.
PASTO RS AND MISSIONS.
J'rv. I. Condit Says Misnfonaries Have
Wrought Much Civilization.
Rev. Ira Condit addressed the Presby
terian Union yesterday the civilizing
force of missions. In a variety of ways,
aid, missionaries had been instru
mental in abolishing many of the horrible
and degrading customs of heathendom
and in bringing moral, spiritual and in
tellectual light to those who sat in dark
neeja.
In the discussion the pasters present
added their testimony to the civilizing
force which Mr. Condit said was achieved
by missions.
nerepational Pa«tor».
The Congretrp.tional Monday Club was
addressed yesterday by Rev. J. L. Harri-
Bon, Superintendent of the Congregational
Home Missionary Society of Northern
California. Mr. Harrison gave an account
of the one hundred and seventieth annual
negational fonvention recently held
Christian Pastors.
Key. James Small addressed tbe Chris
tian pastors ysterday afternoon on "In
ition as a Fact."
He Gets no Tension.
In the case of Edward Neltleton against the i
Board of Police Pension Fund Commissioners,
Judge Troutt yesterday decided for the de- |
lendants. Kettle ton sued to be placed on the
pension list alter eighteen years' service onihe
police force of Ban Francisco. As Nettleton •
was dismissed from tbe force forincompetency
and other reasons bis petition was denied.
- » » •
Borrow on sealskins, silks and Jewels at Uncle
•lams', 15 Grant avenue. '.
LITTLE TRILBY
AND SVENGALI.
They Were in Collision in
Mission Bay Yes
terday.
LITTLE DAMAGE DONE.
The Tide Caught the Steamer
and Carried Her Down
on the Scow.
THE MARY GARRETT ASHORE.
Capta n S. Randall of the Steamer
Monticello to Ba Married
Next Sunday.
Trilby and Svengali had an outing on
the bay yesterday. The tide took com
mand of the former and she drifted down
on the hypnotist Trilby was the sufferer,
Trilby and Svengali Having an Outing in Mission Bay. The Steamer (Trilby) While Going Alongside
the Scow (Svengali) was Caught by the Tide and Carried Almost Bow On Against the Heavily
Laden Barge.
as her upper works were damaged and it I
was some time before she got away from -
her uncomfortable quarters.
Trilby is a stern-wbeel steamer that is
well known on the bay. For some time
she ran opposition to the Southern Pacific
on the Sacr»>.mento River, but finally she
had to be withdrawn lor lack of patron
age.
Svengali is the bie barge that for weeks
has been used as "a receiving-ship" in
Mission Bay. Sometimes she is loaded
with lumber and a few days later coal
crowds her ample decks. The Trilby
wanted some of the coal and was trying to j
get alongside when the tide caught her j
and took command. The men on the
Svengali did everything in their power to
prevent a disaster, but failed. In spite
of the trouble Sveneaii and Trilby are
still good friends, and when the latter '
wants a supply of coal again she will prob
ably go out to Mission Bay.
All the petty thieves in the city seem to |
have congregated on the water front.
Hardly a night passes but what some saloon
is broken',into and other establishments are
robbed in broad dayli hi. Sunday night j
last the saloon and restaurant of W. F.
Fitzgerald, at the foot of Powell street, :
was broken into ana wrecked. Nearly [
three dozen bottles of wines and liquors j
were taken and the bar drawer ritted. The |
nickel-in-the-slot machine was torn from !
the wail and carted away. The key was j
in the money-drawer in the restaurant but i
the thieves did not wait to use it but \
wrenched the thing open, and after secur
ing the few dollars it contained, left it ■
lying on the floor. Fitzgerald blames j
some of the North Beac'i gang because it j
is plainly evident that whoever burglar- !
ized the place knows the ground well.
Sergeant Bunner and Officer Ferguson are
at work on the case.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamer Mary Garrett
got on the mud banks last Sunday niant
while on her way to Stockton and is still
stuck hard and fast. There were over 100
passengers aboard, and they were landed
at Antioch and sent on by rail at the com
pany'^ expense. All went well after leav
ing San Francisco until Stake Point, just
this side of Black Diamond, was reached.
Then a mud bank was struck, and al
though the engines were put full speed
astern the vessel would not budge. An
hour or so later the steamer A. C. Freese
came along and attempted to tow the Gar
rett i ff, but failed. Then the passengers
were transferred to the Freese and taken
to Antioch, where they caught the early
morning train.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company has made an important
change in its time-tarJe. On and after
July 1 steamers will leave San Francisco
and Stockton at 6 p. m., instead of 5 p. m.,
as lormerly. This will give visitors to
both cities an hour longer each day in
which to transact their business.
There will be gay doings at Benicia next
Sunday. Captain S. Randall, tiie well
known and popular master of the Monti
celio, is to be married at noon to Miss H.
Durner of Benicia, and a special excursion
party is to be taken up on the steamer
early in the morning. Captain Clem Ran
dall of the Vigilant, will be best man, and
Captain Hatch, owner of the Monticello,
will be master of ceremonies; so the wed
ding will have more than a flavor of salt
water. The steamer that will carry the
guests and excursionists will leave Mission
street wharf at 10 a. m. next Sunday.
The sloop Sunol, wben making a tack to
pass Goat Island on Sunday, missed stays
and went ashore. The schooner Annie E.
came alone and took ti.e men off, but
could not move the sloop. Wurd was sent
to the lighthouse station, and the steam
launch was sent to the rescue. After some
hard pulling the Sunol was got off and
tovred to a safe anchorage.
The first of the overdue sugar fleet got
in yesterday in the shape of the bark
Mohican, Captain Saunders. She was
twenty-eight days coming from Honolulu
and encountered no'hing but head winds
and calms. The bark h-is been outside for
the lust ten days and during seven of
them she only covered twenty miles. The
crew was down to short rations and every
body was disgusted with the voyage.
Durine the entire run not a sail was
sighted.
The Victorian sealing schooner Ocean
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
Bell was caught in the same storm that
wrecked the Katherine. A private letter
by the Rio de Janeiro says that her fore
mast went by the board and her upper
works were badly damagpd. She had 565
skins aboard, which were safely landed at
Hakodate.
San Francisco will have the pleasure of
entertaining the crew of another British
man-of-war in a few days. As soon as the
Comus reaches Victoria, B. C. , the flag
ship Impeneuse will start on a cruise
south, making her first stop at this port.
She is a sister ship to the Warspite, but
her armament is much heavier. The lm
perieuse relieved the Royal Arthur and
Admiral St. L. B. Palliser flies his pen
nant at her mizzen.
Another American ship, the J. B.
Thomas, has got a bad name. During the
run to Honolula the officers and men were
constantly fignting and when the vessel
came *o an anrhor five of the saiiors
escaped. They jumped overboard during
the nignt, butone of them, John Schmidt,
a native of Germany, aged 30 years, never
reached shore. His body was recovered
and as it was covered with bruises murder
was suspected. The four men who swam
ashore were captured and returned to the
ship. The Hawaiian authorities were
still investigating the case when the Rio
de Janeiro left Honolulu. Schmidt was a
member of tne Salvation Army and had
been the butt of every man on board the
Thomas during the voyage.
A fishing-boat was picked up by one of
the life-saving stations yesterday. It is
probably one of those from which the
steamer" City of Para and schooner Phelps
rescued the crews. The boat can be got
by applying to Major Blakeney at the head
quarters of the life-saving service in the
Appraiser's building.
Tlie New Market.
The Union-square Market Company wm
yesterday incorporated by Bernhard Miller,
Joan L. Vermeil, Edward L. Cutteu, Jules Le
Mnitre, Samuel Stephens, Jacob Hertz, Joseph
Marshall, Michael J. Kelly, Hermann A.
Rosenbaum, Dean R. A very, Adam Karl and
Sherman U. Darbee. The capital stock is
¥'-!4,000. of which each of the incorporators
have subscribed $2000.
GRAND JURY SESSIONS,
Renewed Efforts to Obtain Re
duction of Local Tax
atioD.
Park and School Estimates to Be
Reviewed— Water Rates for
Ships.
"When the Grand Jury adjourned last
Friday it was thought no more evening
sessions would be held until the streets
were again lighted. Members objected to
going home in the darkness at a late hour
iof the night. Yesterday Frank Maskey,
I the foreman of the jury, who has been
away from the City for two week*, returned
' to town and held a conference with Tlieo
j dore F. Payne, the acting foreman. It is
highly probable that extra se-sions will be
! called to consider the impending tax levy,
j and to complete the measures taken to
1 provide for the accommodation of insane
I persons temporarily detained at the City
j Hall.
Members of the Grand Jury assert that
I th ey are anxious to exercise all the power
! with which they are vested to bring about
a reduction of taxes. They reenrd this
su bject as one of very great importance to
every taxpayer of the City. They compre
hend that heads of departments in the
municipal government cannot be in
dicted for recommending the appro
priation of vast sums of money, and they
do not see any way to restrain the Super
visors from authorizing extravagant sums,
other than to strenuou-ly advise against
such a course and onlist as many taxpay
ers as possible in a concerted effort against
municipal extravagance. The work al
ready accomplished in securing from the
Superintendent of Streets a revised esti
mate containing only the actual necessi
ties of that, department encourages the
Grand Jury to believe that the School Di
rectors can be persuaded to modify the
demands for school buildings.
The expert of the Grand Jury is care
fully going over the items of money dis
bursed during the present fiscal" year
under the direction ol the Park Commis
sioners. Fur loamintr tlie 'prospective for
est of the park the Commissioners have
expended $50,000 this year and they figure
that $<jO,OOO will be required for the same
purpo.se during the fiscal year of 189f!-97.
The Grand Jury has been informed by
Hermann Schussier, chief engineer of the
Spring Valley Wa.er Works, that the cor
poration will establish facilities at Mis
sion-street wharf for supplying ships with
fr sh water. After maintaining the re- I
quired apparatus for two or three months
the company will be able to ascertain the
cost of the service and upon the basis of
the ascertained cost will fix the permanent
rate for shipping.
Large Gooseberries.
Secretary Mlcher oi the State Board of Trade
yesterday received an exhibit, to be added to
the general collection at 16 Post street, that
would astonish those not familiar with the
possibilities ot California. It was a consign
ment of a box of gooseberries, the largest ever
seen in this City, 'lhe average wns an inch
Hnd a half in length by an inch in width.
Tnis large variety of berry was raised by
L. Brown of Martinez, Contra Costa County.
To Pack Fruit.
The Marysville Fruit-pucking Company was
yesterday incorporated by F. ,T. Carolin, W. H.
Wright, A. C. Baumgartner and H. Bendel Jr.
F.vi- thousand dol!nr.s of the sloo,ooo capital
stock has been subscribed.
Kndoavorers Near the Goal.
The fund for the Interimtional Christian
Endeavor societies nas boen swelled by the
receipt of $1(X)O from the Hharon estate for the
I'alaue anU o.aud hotels.
HAS SIM GOT
JIM AND ANDY?
Boss O'Brien and the Clunies
Reported From Rainey's
Camp.
CURSED BYBUCKLEYITES
Story of a Deal to Make O'Brien
Sheriff and Tom Clunie
Congressman.
JOSEPH P. KELLY IS WORRIED.
The Junta Jumps Into the Ratification
Business— The Buck eyites' Bg
Meeting.
James H. O'Brien is no longer "coad
jutor," no longer "boss" of the Buck
leyites.
Suspicion which fed on tips suddenly
waxed into distrust of Jim at Sacramento,
and now he is damned by the old guard.
They thought at Sacramento that Mr.
O'Brien was displaying a highly unbe
coming complaisance to Gavin McNab
and that he was too much of a jolly good
fellow and too confidential with some of
the enemy.
Now it is charged that he is a deserter.
They say that he has gone into the
Raiiiey camp, and that Rainey, Daggett
ana Lanican have pulled him over by
promising to niak" him Sheriff.
"Sheriff !" say the Buckleyites, as they
pat their knives.
Mr. O'Brien, being in Santa Cruz, can
not defend himself, hut the late pet of the
Buckleyites is no longer the sweetest thing
on earth to them.
And there's Andy Clunie, too, in trouble
SKW TO-DAY
"A bargain's
a bargain" — ordinary rule of business.
If we said "A bargain 's a bargain when
you buy Schillings Best tea", perhaps
25 out of 100 would buy it. That isn't
enough. We can't make so much money
on a pound of pure fresh-roasted tea as
on a pound of colored tea ; and we have
got to sell more pounds.
So we give money back to the few
who may not like it, for the sake of selling
Schilling s Best to the many who will.
Perhaps you think that ioo out of ioo
will try it. You are wrong ; they will not.
Some people don't seem to care whether
tea is colored or not, so long as they pay
just so much a pound for it — they look at
their money rather than at what they get
for their money.
Others — the larger class — take what is
handed out to them, and never ask any
questions — they look at neither the tea
nor the money.
Everybody — both classes — should look
at both the tea and their money.
i This is one reason why we say, "your
money back if you don't like Schilling's
Best. 11
San Francisco aos A. Schilling & Cofltpatiy
along with Jim. There is more than a
suspicion that A. J. has given them the
double-cross, and curses are hissed at him.
For some little time before the convention
the Buckleyites hoped that somebody
would Bteal Clunie away from them, and
now it is charged that Clunie has gone
into the Rainey camp, too.
It may be a devilish lie, of course, but
the story is that Rainey, Daggett and
Lanigan have taken up Andrew's brother,
Thomas J. CJunie, as their candidate for
Congress, and that Andy has switched
with that deal. Joseph P. Keily is much
excited about this news, but says he can
beat Clunie for the nomination yet. As
there will be new candidates in the field
before the Congressional convention in
the Fifth District, July 20, all this is per
haps more interesting than important.
Is one others of the Buckleyites are yet
known to have deserted to Rainey's camp,
but the Rainey-Daggett-Lanigan combina
tion, 'which now has the Junta in its
power, is losing no tricks in strengthening
its forces.
The joint meeting of the Buckley gen
eral committee and State convention dele
gation at B'naiß'rith Hall to-night, which
will express the vigorous life remaining in
the faction and its determination to stand
by its well-founded claims to be the regu
lar pi rty machine, wiil be enlivened by
opinions of the Sacramento credentials
commhue, by Peter F. Dunne and Joseph
Rothschild, and by more or less fiery
and eloquent speeches by Colonel O'Byrne,
Reel B. Terry and other Democratic ora
tors.
Dr. James I. Stanton, chairman of the
late convention delegation, will make a
report on the said convention, and when
the meeting is through with reminiscences
of Sacramento a primary election for dele
gates to a municipal convention will be
ordered. The dates for the primary and
for the convention, which will not be
billed for earlier than September, will be
referred to the executive committee, with
power to act.
The Junta has got ahead of the Buck
leyites by announcing first that they will
conduct a huge and grand ratification of
the work of the Chicago convention.
Chairman Sullivan is now busy with plans
for the ratification which the Junta pro
poses to take charge of.
What the Buckleyites will do about a
ratification under the Junta auspices re
mains a problem. They say that they will
be in on any ratification as the regular
Democratic party, and that they will show
by their numbers where the party strength
lies.
Dr. W. J. Gavigan has just abandoned
the active practice of medicine and has re
turned to his profession of law. As a law
yer he can figure more freely in politics,
and he will likely cut a prominent figure
in the municipal politics of the next few
months.
FOR NEW LABOR LAWS,
The Next Leginlature Will Be Asked
to Consider These Matters.
After Labor Commissioner E. L. Fitz
gerald had been in ofhee a few months he
discovered that there were many laws on
the statute-books relative to labor that
were either dead letcers or so faulty in
construction as to be inoperative. In con
sequence the laboring man is subjected to
gross injustice for which he has no redress.
With the assistance of Chief Deputy Dam
the Commissioner has prepared a number
of bills and amendments, which he wiil
have presented to the next Legislature.
One is to regulate and establish the
hours a man shall be required to work. In
other words, his aim is to establish an
eight-hour State law; another is a bill
providing for the payment of men em
ployed upon public works.
ifnder the present law the mechanic
has no lien upon the product of his labor,
and hundreds of laboring men are swin
dled by unscrupulous contractors. The
abolition of tiie time-check curse he would
effect by law, so that employers would be
compelled to ray their men upon the lat
ter being discharged. Among other bene
ficial measures he will endeavor to secure
the passage of laws providing for inspec
j tors of steam boilers for the protection
|of life, inspectors of bakeries and the
regulation of the sanitary condition of all
bakeshops, a remodeling of the law com
pelling employers to provide seats for
their female employes, etc.
Copies of the proposed laws and changes
will be sent by the Commissioner to all
the central labor bodies of "'the State for
the approval of their affiliated unions and
suggestions, if there are any to be made.
The document, with the signatures at
tached, will be in the nature of a petition
on the part of the laboring element for
the enactment of the laws suggested.
A Policeman's Troubles.
Charles Josephs, a policeman living at 216
i Fillmore street, is suing his wife Bridget for a
divorce, charging cruelty.
JUDGE CONLAN
YELLS FOR A GUN,
Most Sensational Incident
in the Police
Court.
A MINER FROM ARIZONA
J. H Berry Puts His Hand in
His Hip Pocket as if
to Shoot.
SEIZED AND SENT TO PKISON.
On Explaining That He Merely Wanted
to Show the Judge Pap3rs
He Is Released.
A Judge yelling for a gun and a man
with his hand in his hip pocket and strug
gling in tl;e .grasp of about a dozen men
was one of the incidents in the Police
Court yesterday.
The preliminary examination of Abra
ham Green of the firm of Carrau & Green,
jewelers, 220 Sutter street, on the charge
of felony embezzlement was continued
before Judge Conlan yesterday afternoon.
J. H. Berry, the miner, who was the com
j plaining witness, was asked on Saturday
to produce other alleged rough diamonds
similar to the one valued at $5000 which
he charged Green wit., embezzling. He
again refused to produce them and this
closed the case for the prosecution.
The defendant, Green, then took the
stand and swore that the alleged rough
diamond was nothing but a crystal and
was not worth a cent. He had cut it with
a file and told Berry that it was merely a
crystal, but Berry told him to get it cut.
anyhow, as it might make a nice-appear
ing atone. The stone had been lost by W.
H. Forestier, a boy in the store. Forestier
| and another witness corroborated the de
fendant.
The Judge said he would dismiss the
I case as there was no evidence to show that
I the stone was anything but a crystal. He
! thought "Berry had been born with
: wheels in his head, and they had been
| with him till now."
"On Saturday,' 7 continued the Judge,
addr ssing Herry, "you said that if you
! did not get a square deal in this court you
would take the case to another court. I
would advise you to take the matter be
| fore the Grand Jury, and I wiil be present
so that the jurors can hear both sides of
the case, ana it is my oninion that instead
!of bringing in an indictment against
! Green for embezzlement they will bring
• in one against you for insanity."
Berry had been standing beside Prose
cuting Attorney Mogan and Detective Ed
Gibson listening intently to the Judge's
remarks. Just as the Judge concluded
Berry suddenly placed his right hand in
j his hip pocKet. The Judge jumped to his
I feet and yelled "Some one give me a
i gun."
Billy Brennan, a friend of the Judge,
had been watching Berry, and in an in
j stant he sprang upon him and seized his
right hand before he could draw it out of
his pocket, and Detective Gibson grabbed
him round the waist, while several others
piled upon him.
There was for a minute or two a wild
j scene in the court. Those in the range of
fire ducked their heads and some crawled
underneath the seats.
Berry tried to explain, but his voice was
drowned id the din. The Judge ordered
Bailiff Kelly to take Berry to the City
Prison and search him for a weapon. He
was taken there and the only thing found
in his hip pocket was a leather wallet con
taining some papers.
"I can't understand this," said Berry,
who appeared completely dazed. "I put
my band in my hip po'-ket to pull out the
wallet to show the Judge some papers
that would prove lam the man I repre
sent myself to be. a miner from Arizona,
and they all pounced upon me and hustled
me down here."
The Judge and Prosecuting Attorney
Mogan came to the prison in a few min
utes and on being told wnat Berry had in
tended doing the Judge told him to go
home.
"Well," said the Judge, "the man's ac
tion was so suggestive that being from
Arizona I naturally concluded he was
going to pull a gun. Besides, after mak
ing the threat on Saturday that he would
have a square deal I didn't know but what
he would get uely after I dismissed the
case."
A MILLIONAIRE'S SANITY
A. Cuneo, a Wealthy Wall-Street
Broker, Said to Have Lost His
Mind.
A. Cuneo, a Wall-street broker, who is
reported to be worth between $4,000,000
and 15,000,000, was sent to the Receiving
Hospital last evening to await an examin
ation by the Commissioners of Insanity.
Cuneo's office is at 54 Broadway, New
York, and his home is on Staten Island.
About two months ago he came to this
City for rest and to recover his health.
Abovit six weeks ago his brother-in-law,
Louis Demartini, who owns * large candy
factory on Mission street, caused Cuneo to
be taken to the Home for the Care of In
ebriates.
Two nights ago Cuneo left the place and
has since been wandering the City in a de
mented condition. Last night he was
taken to the hospital by E. M. Ratto, a
friend, who says that to-aay Demartini
will charge the millionaire with being in
sane.
SEVERAL SMALL FIRES.
The Department Called Out a Number
of Times Yesterday.
An alarm was sounded from box 157 at
10 A. m. yesterday for a fire in a row of
sheds in the rear of 255 Fourth street,
owned by E. H. Pardee. The cause of
the fire is unknown. The damage
amounted to about $200.
A burning box car caused an alarm to be
turned in through box 513 at 3:40 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. It is presumed that
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing: Monday, .Tune 22,
THI-J BESt ON EARTH !
6 NEW BKILLIANT STARS 6
BILLY VAN, LILLIAN WKSTKKN, STEWART
BESTS BIMBO AND TEHI, MARLO-
DUNHAM MI I Y. ami others.
25— GREAT VAUDEVILLE STABS— 2S
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chair*
ami Box seats. 50c.
Regular Wednesday Matinees Beginning
June 24 :
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
To-Night— Farewell Performance.
TST<A.T O. GOODWIN.
Presenting "A GILDED F00L.."
. Secure your seats at once.
NEW TO-DAY.
Beauty's bane is^^K?
the fading or falling of V^V*^|
the hair. Luxuriant
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
:
,
.
:
the fire was maliciously started by tramps.
It is estimated that $100 will cover the
damage.
Children playing with matches started a
fire in Albert Fowler's uwel!inE-hou3e,
rear of 1308 Steiner street, which damaged
that building and adjoining properties to
the extent of about $1650. An alarm was
sounded from box 341 at 5:30 p. m. The
flames spread to a one-story frame dwell
ing owned by P. J. Crogan, and before they
coald be extinguished the building was
almost totally destroyed. Fowler's loss 13'
probably $1000, partly covered by in
surance. Crogan's property was damaged
to the extent of
$650.
—•—•
Restaurant
-
Employes.
The of Hotel and Em
Fraternity Restaurant
ployes met last night at Turk-street Temple.
Several new members were elected. A com
munication was read from the Los Angeles
Hotel and Restaurant Employes' Union, ex
tending sympathy and assistance alone; mutual
lines. Mr. Kruger reported profit progress in
his work investigating the various hotels and
restaurants. Remarks were made by Mr.
Hewald and William Bibby.
NEW 10-L AT-AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO. 'S THEATERS.
t. I ONE
BALDWiN WEEK
&tf\LVliim ONLY!
Every Evening 8:3 O. Matinee Saturday.
Brilliant Reception. Immediate and Unequivocal
Success
3VTX*.. JOHN 33H.DE3^7^-
And bis Ameri"an Company—management
Chas. Froliman — presenting
"THE SQUIRE OF DAMES!"
By R. C. Carton, author of "Liberty Hall."
NOTE—On Monday, June 29, this Theater will
close for the usual summer holiday, and will reopen
Monday. July 27, with the .New York Empire
Theater Company.
A. AT THE ,i A
fiAliPADlJi^ GENUINE
__"_."'*?__, SUCCESS
L. R. STOfßff ELL'S" "THP
Company of Players, :
mr. lucludins CiPFV
HERBERT KELCEY, VjrV*-« '
MI-S
EFFIE SHANNON 111 ADC "
And other favorites. • 1 * »*» IV.I-"
Unequaled In its Comedy, Laughter and
Genuine Interest.
Don't wait I Prlees—lsc, 25c, 35c, sOc
until It land 75c. A eood seat in a choice
is too la c I location for 85 and 50 cents,
for your seats. | Matinee '25 and 50 cents.
Monday, June 29— "A BUNCH OF VIOLETS."
rniCDLAnOtR.OOTTLOD« g>- u»UAnDrwKA4tR4---
THEY NOT
DID BOLT ,
—LAST NIGHT-
So intense was the interest in
LORD CHUM-LEV
As presented by the
Only Perfect Dramatic Organisation,
THE FSAWLEY COMPANY!
That the immense audience remained until the
final act to call the entire company
before the curtain.
And now. on't Wait for Seats! —
Remember your experience last week.
Monday Next "His WIFE'S FATHER."
Another Delightful Comedy.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. tKSESTisit KKELI.vrt, I'roprietor ifc.Uanaja;
BRILLIANT SCENIC PRODUCTION
Of the Operatic Spectacle,
FILLED WITH.
HONEST FUN! LOVELY SONGS!
GRACEFUL DAKCKB !
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES!.
Gorgeous Ballets! Startling Effects!
A Pleasure Trip for Young and Old.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Amerioi.
WALTER MOKuSCU. Sols Lessee and Alana*«
this"evening AT eight,
first production here .
Of Harry Meredith's Latest Success,
A PERILOUS VOYAGE!
Special Engagement oft he Eminent Leading Man
WILLIAM L. ROBERTS.
fvrni^a Prick-*— 380 nnil Ma.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10a
Usual Matinee* Saturday ana Sandar. -
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between Polk and Van Ness Avenue,
W.M. E. JuH.NS... Lessee and Manager.
JOE G. CHARTERS Assistant Manager
A MOST GRATIFYING BUCCK-8I
HOUSES CROWD KD »IGHTLT !
Every evening (hiring this week
AND SA IK DAY MATINEE.
America's Representative. Irish Comedian,
'I}^.TsT McCarthy
Supported by Miss LUU RIPLK.Y and the PARK
THEATKR STOCK COMPANY, In
•'THE CRUISKEEN LAWN!"
POPULAR PRUNES— Evening, Reserved Seats,
15c and '25c: Gallery, 10c. Matinee, Adults 15c,
Children 10c. »
Sunday matinee, June 28—Dan*McCarthy In
'■The Rambler From Clare."
Jfutto Jgafe
OUR TROPICAL PALACE OPEN DAILY
FROM 7 A.M. TO II P. M.
Special Tanks for Ladies and Children.
Swimming Instructors Always Present.
limnd Electrical Display Kvery Evening.
DO-NT FAIL TO ViSIT THE GLASS EXHIBIT.
—GENERAL ADMISSION—
Adultf). lOc — '■ —Children, 50.
THE CHUTES.
OPEN ONLY SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AFTERNOONS ANl> EVENINGS until
completion of improvements.
Unless Other-wise Specially Stated.
OPENING OF THE GRAND CIRCUIT
tkijTTHi;-horse BREED: rs 1 ash. "
RACES! '^^- RACES!
IKTGIjESITJE.
June 27, 30; July 1, 2, 3, 4, 1896.
Great races every day. Best horses on the Coast
present. - Races begin at 9 o'clock, .Mission-street
cars. Special train 1:16 o'clock. •-
78
HARNESS HORSES
AT INLESIDE,
Summer Meeting of the
Trotting- Horse Breeders'
Association.
WILL BE A BIG AFFAIR.
Trotters and Pacers From the
Entire Coast Will Compete
for Rich Purses.
TO BE NO TEDIOUS SCORING.
McNair, the Kn? of Sulky Starters,
Has Been Engaged to Send
the Horses Off
The summer rneetinc of the Pacific Coast
Trotting-horse Breeders' Association,
which is to be held at Ingleside June 27.
30 and July 1, 2, 3 and 4, promises to be in
E. P. Ucald, President of the Pacific Coast Trotting-Horse Breeders' Association
[From a photograph 6,y J. li. Hudson.]
many respects one of the most important '
series of harness-horse events which this
City ha? ever seen.
This is the first trotting meet which has
been held in thi? City for two years and
the lovers of sulky racing are looking for- I
waid to it with keenest anticipation. The
fine new track and the large number of
notable entries, which have beeu hereto- ;
fore published, promise most exceptional j
sport.
The association conducting this meet is
the larcest organization of its kind in
America and probably in the world. It
comprises the owners of all the leading
stock farms on the coast, as well as the
proprietors of smaller stables and individ
ual harness horses. It has been organized
since ISS9 and its first meet, held at the
now defunct Bay District track, was a
remarkab.e racing season. It was at this
event that Sunol, the pride of Senator
Stanford's farm, put the world's mark for
a mile at 2:oß><, and Regal Wiikes made
his first bow to horse-lovers as a record
breaker by capturing the world's record
for two-year-old stallions.
Since that time the association has given
meets at Napa, Sacramento, San Jose, Los ;
Angeles, Oakland and San Francisco, and '
each meet has been a decided success.
An argument sometimes used against
the attractiveness of harness races by '
those who are partial to the gallopers is
that the continued scoring necessarily
makes ttie events tedious for spectators. ;
That tedious scoring is not a necessary '
feature of thi3 class of racing was abund- I
antly proven at Los Angeles last year, !
when W. P. McNair, the famous starter,
sent the horses away with an average of
le?s than two scores for the entire six days.
This was justly deemed something re- j
markable, however, and it is generally .
conceded that few if any other starters
could do as well. In order that the asso- ;
ciation's patrons may have a minimum j
amount of the scoring nuisance McNair
his been secured for this occasion. Mr. '
McNair is a resident of Wichita, Kans., but
he is almost constantly employed in the
Kast traveling from one great race meet to
another. His labt engagement was in
Denver, from which place he is expected
to arrive in this City in a day or two.
There are at present about 200 horses in
training at the track. Among them are
the favorites of the track patrons of the
entire coast. The association has just ;
completed making up the programme of
events, and it will be seen an attractive j
series has been arranged for the opening
day. For the 2:30 class trot a purse of
$1000 has been hung up. While the 2:30,
class is considered a class for green horses, ;
from some of the entries fast time may be ;
expected, and others are very apt to sur- (
prise even the knowing onc e .
A purse of JlOuO has also been hung up:
for the 2: 15 trot, and this will perhaps be I
the star event of the day. Such horses as
Sam B, Naiive State, Bruno, Toggles, j
Maria P, Cmco and Jasper Avers have '
been entered, and a good contest must
necessarily result.
For the 2:23 pace the purse is not so
large, but the offer of $450 has been suffi
cient inducement to call forth seven first-'
class sidewheelers, and this race is confi- !
Jently expected to be one of the great
paces of the meet.
A glance at the programme will show
that the events have been selected in ■
a manner to insure an interesting time '
each day. A number of places have been j
reserved for special races, which will be
closed during the meeting. These will be j
made up so as to give races to all the j
best horsea at the track. The Gentlemen's
Driving Club of Alameda is to have a race,
la which owners are to drive, and the San ,
Francisco Driving Club will be similarly !
favored.
It is expected a long-distance race of I
throe miles for trotters and pacers witi be :
giving during the meeting, in addition to |
the regular events on the programme.
The association was never in better con- |
dition to conduct a succepsfal meet. Its
officers, headed by E. P. Heaid, proprietor j
of the Napa stock farm, are all energetic,
enthusiastic and experienced. The direc
tors comprise Borne of the best known
horsemen of the State, and their best ef
forts are all directed toward making this
meeting an event in the history of the
harness horse on this coast.
The following is the programme:
First day, Saturday, June 27—2 :30 class trot
liug purse, '2:ls class trotting purse, 2:25 class
paring purse.
Sfcond day, Tuesday, June 30—2:40 class
pacing purse, 3-year-old trotting stakes, spe
c!«l purse to be closed during meeting.
Third day, Wednesday, July 1—2:35 class
trotting purse, 2:24 class trotting purse, spe
cial purse to be closed during meeting.
Fourth day, Thursday, July 2—2:17 clbsb
trotting purse, special purse to be closed dur
ing meeting, special purse to be closed during
meeting.
Fifth day, Frid*y. July 3— Two-year-old trot
tir.g stake's, 2:40 class trotting purse, special
purse to be closed during meeting.
bixth day, Saturday. July 4—2:19 class trot
ting purse, special free-ior-all race, pacing
purse, 2 .'So class pacing purse, butchers' race.
USED A COBBLESTONE.
Trouble Between a Jessie-Street Saloon-
Keeper and a « ustotner.
John Conberry, a laborer in a sugar
refinery, appeared before Judge Joachim
sen yesterday to answer a charge of an
assault with a deadly weapon. The com
plaining witness, J. H. Flynn, a saloon
keeper at 137 Jessie street, testified that
Conberry went to his place on Sunday, and
after having several drinks, lor which he
refused to ray, assaulted him with a cob
blestone, which was produced in court.
Conberry swore that Flynn and several
customers threw liim into the street and
beat and kicked him. He admitted using
the cobblestoue, but said it was in self
defense.
The Judge seemed inclined to believe
Conberry's story, and continued the hear
ing for two days to enable him to bring
witnesses to testify to his previous good
character.
To Restralu Kerrigan.
Charles W, Howell yesterday applied to
Judge Slack for a writ of prohibition restrain
ng Justice of the Peace Kerrigan from hear,
ng the rase of D. 11. Curtin against the Dr.vie
-"erry and Transportation Company. Howell
8 one of the defendants In the Case, and
illeges that he is not liable for any proportion
>i the dubts of the ferry company.
BUSINESS DISCOMMODED.
now the Krection of a New Building
Brought on a Big Sale.
The high board fence around The Call'b
new building has so shut off some ox the
merchants on the we?t bide of Third street
as to serious ; y interfere with trade. As a
result the Philadelphia Shoe Company, at
10 Third street, have begun a big sale by
marking everything down in their stock.
Their first day's effort to induce the
throngs from Market street proved a great
success. All day yesterday women and
men, young and old, poured in and out of
the doors. The sale is very appropriately
termed a "Blockade Hale" and will be con
tinued for t' c next thirty days.
WHY HE TOOK HIS LIFE
Midnight Attack of Robbers Two
Months Ago Unbalanced
Schmitt's Mind.
First Chloroformed and Then Left to
Die by Asphyxiation— How
He Escaped.
Augustin Schmitt, the Montgomery
street liquor-dealer who committed suicide
on Sunday night by cutting his throat
with a butcher-knife, committed the rash
act while temporarily insane. An experi
ence he had nearly two months ago with
a couple of burglars brought about this
condition of affairs.
Six weeKs ago thieves entered his home
on Buchanan street and about the first
thing they did was to chloroform Scbmitt
After rifling the house of all the valuables
in sight they sought to add murder to the
crime by turning on the gas in the room
where lay the unconscious Schmitt. . i
For tunately, however, daylight came
shortly after the burgiars departed and
Schmitt was rescued. The affair weighed
h eavily on his mind and hardly a day I
passed that he did not make some indirect I
reference to it. In a letter to bis wife,
written evidently immediately prior to '■
the desperate act which resulted in his I
death, Schmitt says among other things:
Pan Francisco, June 20, 1806.
Dear Wife and Chi dren : It is with the deepest |
regret and sorrow that I am about going to ■
talic such a step as I have contemplated, but j
not on account of you. I would like to have ;
stayed with you to the time of my natural
death, but I cannot do it, I shall go to an
other place, where there are no burglars, no i
thieves and no swindlers. The last trouble I]
had with that class of people was enough for ;
me. Ido not want any more. • • •
Dear wife, it you ouly would lenow haw I |
feel to take surii a step, but I cannot overcome i
it. 1 have no rest ut niglif and cannot sleep; \
cannot eat. There is nota minute, either day or
night, that I do not think on it and worry my- j
self. • • • All that lam glad of is that you j
are fairly well provided for. That is the best
gratification for me. You deserve it. You
have worked hard all your life.
All I wish is that these fellows, I say these
fellows because I think there was more than
one, will be punished to the fullest extent of
the law. Any man that commits such crimes
as that should be put away for all their life
time, so that they could not do any more
harm. There are a great many more who de
serve the same fate.
In conclusion Schmitt tells his wife to
"do right and fear nobody," adding that
he would have continued the fight if he
"had not met with that unfortunate
affair."
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE L' 3, 1896.
POPULISTS LOYAL
TO HEIR PARTY,
The Sentiment Here Is
Against Sacrifice by
Any Fusion.
DOUBTS ABOUT TELLER.
Both Populists and Democrats
Want Genuine, Straight-
Out Party Men.
WARDALL AND MAQUIRE TALK.
The California Delegation Distrusted
as the New Democratic Gold
Campaign Begins.
The confusion of the anti-McKinley ele
ments that has been rushed on the po
litical stage on the heels of the Republi
can convention presents a remarkable sit
uation in National politics, which is being
watched by politicians of all stripes here
as intently as in the East.
There has never in party history in
America been a time of such complete and
fateful uncertainty as to what will occur
within four weeks.
What union or what scattering of silver
forces will come forth from the uncertain
workings of the gold Democrats, the sil
ver Democrats, the Chicago convention,
for the control of which a new battle has
begun; the Teller bolt, now ready for co
quetting; the Silver party, which is ready
to indorse in all sorts of directions; the
Populist movement, which is still at sea,
and for the moment divided on Teller,
and from the side movements and plans
which are cropping out amid a condition
of political prospects which offers few
gambles at even money?
Will the Chicago convention, which will
meet two weeks from to-day, yield a radi
cal gold or a radical silver platform and
candidate or a straddle and a compromise
candidate? The gold administration
forces are rallying from the apparent rout
which followed the Kentucky victory for
silver and the predictions that gold will
control increase hourly from New York
to San Francisco.
As this is observed here, along with the
news that the administration forces,
backed by the banking and other gold in
fluences in the party, will strain every
nerve to capture convention votes to be
marshiileri under the popular leadership
of Whitney, there are hourly Increasing
expressions of opinion that from one-third
to one-half of the California delegation
will vote on the side of gold at Chicago.
The California delegation is distrusted
by free-silver Democrats, and is believed
by others to be surely divided on the
issue. Dagnett will here lead the adminis
tration efforts to convert delegates from
the free-siiver heresy. The mails will
bring to several delegates with gold lead
ings all sorts of appeals and arguments
from high sources, and every possible pull
that can be brought to bear will be felt by
them.
When the recent State Convention was
over the leading lieutenants of the Dag
gett-gold forces said: "Ha! Ha! They
got a silver plahk and we named the
men."
The Democratic State Convention
adopted a radical whole-hog, free-silver
plank, and the Congressional district con
ventions named a lot of goldbugs as dele
gates to Chicago. The silver men had no
organization and no leaders.
The convention went to silver largely
because the party tide seemed to have set
that way and partly becauee the Federal
brigade had abandoned the fight, which it
bus taken up again within two days. One
third of the convention voted for Reed's
gold resolution, and the third would have
i been n< arly or fully a half had the gold
i campaign been vigorously kept up. The
! State Convention resolved that the dele
■ gates were pledged to vote for silver, but
the district delegates are free to declare
I that they were elected by Congressional
i conventions and are not pledged.
The California delegation will not be a
corps of silver heroes, ready for the last
ditch, and of many such delegations will
the Chicago convention be composed,
giving the solid gold forces of the East the
lighting chance they are taking and
making estimates of the silver majority in
{ the convention little more than guesses at
1 this moment.
Is there any possibility of the Demo
j crats and Populists coming to an under
! standing? is, perhaps, the question of
! greatest moment, for such a union of the
silver forces, bacited by the silver party,
j presents the only real danger to the Re
publicans. Conflicting opinionscome from
all directions, but the strong and natural
party conservatism, which demands a
straight-out-dyed-in-the-wool parly man
whom anybody may get in and vote for
that will, may be seen to be the thing that
wiil undoubtedly prevent the forming of
any hybrid Democratic party. The Demo
cratic party is proud of what causes it — its
record — and too many Democrats have
' love and loyalty for the imaginary entity
"party," on which affections come to rest,
to nominate Mr. Teller, as the Republican
! bolters are now pleading to have done.
1 Most local Democrats express opinions
which agree on the Teller point with that
; given yesterday by Congressman Maguire.
Will the Populist convention by any
possibility indorse a Democratic free silver
nominee? The opinions of the Populist
leaders here are unanimous in the nega
tive. As with the Democrats the sacrifice
of "the party" is an impossibility. The
Farty means more than silver, they say.
i is the expression of a revolutionary
: force opposed to the old parties. There
are campaigns beyond this one and the
' Populist party has cost too much and rep
resents too much to be thrown away by
merging with a party that is torn, insin
j cere and full of what Populists abhor.
, This is the general average of Populist
i sentiment here and it is expressed in the
talk with State Chairman Wardall which
follows.
The Populists out here are at searegard
; ing Teller and they discuss with care the
: individual action of Taubeneck, National
; chairman, and the 3everal other Populists
now at St. Louis in issuing an address in
viting the Populist party to take up Tel
; ler.
At the Populist State headquarters it is
j said that but three or four of those who
' signed the address advocating Teller are
: men of commanding position in the party,
and that their action is but an expression
jof individual preference. The Populists
! here like Teller, but he is not a Populist
yet, and they don't just know about it.
Mr. Wardall was one of the committee
I of seven which went from the meeting of
j the Populist National Committee at St.
; Louis to meet the silver men at Washing-
I ton, this conference resulting in the ar
j rangement to hold both National conven
j tions at St. Louis on July 22 that, any pos-
I sibility of union might he facilitated.
"I don't think there is any possibility of
union except with the silver men," said
Mr. Wardall, and his sentiments were in
harmony with those of George D. Gil
lespie, A. 13. Kinne and others there.
"1 don't know what Mr. Teller's prin
ciples are except as to the silver question,
but I don't think it possible that the
Populists xviH nominate him unless he
comes out openly for the People's party.
He is a Republican and I thinfc we will
come to him in the tariff plank I expect
to see adopted by the National Conven
tion calling for protection to American
labor and producers and the relegation of
the tariff to a non-partisan business com
mission.
J'The address from St. Louis is non-com
mittal and shows an individual indorse
ment of Teller. Those who signed it are
in no position to say what the party will
do. I admire Teller and it is possible that
if he goes to the silver convention at St.
Louis and union with the Populists is in
vited I will feel ready to support him."
"It seems to me now that the chances
are that the election will be thrown into
tLe House. There is no possibilty of our
nominating the Democratic nominee. The
Democratic party may adopt a radical free
silver dank, but that "is only one of our de
mands. We are the anti-monopoly party
and free silver is only part of our financial
policy, though it is the most important
one.
"Our chances of recruiting from the Re
publican party are too good now to throw
away the results of years of labor in build
ing up the party. To combine with the
Democrats would be throwing away the
party. We would not fee! able to trust a
Democrat for Congress even, if we made a
combination. We couldn't afford to elect
a Democratic Congressman unless he
pledged himself to stay out of a Demo
cratic caucus for the selection of Speaker
of the House, and Democratic Congress
men we elected we could not control. 1
have spent years of labor and thonsands
of dollars without a dime of recompense
in the work of building up the party, and
if now ii was to be disrupted and thrown
away by indorsing a Democratic candidate
for the Presidency I would feel like going
back to work on rcy farm.
"We are ready to combine with the In
dependent Free Silver party. We say to
the silver men, 'Meet us in St. Louis July
22 and we will divide things on fair and
equal terms.' We will treat the men who
leave their parties and come out and stand
with us as well as we do our own people.
I think anyway that this silver fight wiil
continue a number of years before it is
settled.
"Another consideration is that the Dem
ocratic party has gone to silver as a mat
ter of policy mainly. That is one reason
why there can be no union. The Popu
lists are united and sincere in what they
believe and will vote only for men they
believe to be sincere. As to the Demo
cratic National Convention, my opinion
no»v is that it will adopt a money plank
that is neither fish nor flesh."
"There will be no combinations on legis
lative candidates in this City," said George
D. Gillespie. "There will be a straight
out Populist ticket of Assemblymen aud
Senators."
Congressman James G. Maguire gave j
some further opinions about the National !
situation yesterday. He believes that
there is no chance of the Democratic Na- :
tional Convention taking up Teller or any
body else who is not a true-blue Democrat
as well as a silver man.
"It seems to me that the Teller bolt was
a logical and necessary result of the Re
publican National Convention," said Mr.
Miitfuire, "and that if Teller should run as
a silver candidate he will undoubtedly re
ceive a very large vote from the silver
Republican! in all the Stateß of the West, !
including Ilinois, Ohio, lowa, California,
Oregon and Washington. I think the re- ;
suit will be the election of Democratic
electors from all the States west and south :
of Pennsvivania, provided, of course, mat
the Democratic party shall, as I believe it
will, adopt a silver platform and nominate
Strong silver candidates.
"1 do not at present see any possibility
of Teller's nomination by the Democrats, i
The nominee of that convention must be a
Democrat who stands for the other prin
ciples enunciated in the Democratic plat
form as well as the silver plunk.
"The chances of the election gome into !
the House I regard as very strong. In |
fact, it will go there unless the Democrats I
get a majority of the electoral vote, and as ;
the present Housp has a Republican ma- I
jnrity of over 100, MrKiniey would be j
elected. 1 dont believe that the Repubii- ]
cans can get a majority of the electoral
vote on a gold plattorm."
Clement School Graduates.
Following is the roll ot graduates from the
Clement (.rainmar School, received yesterday
by Superintendent Babcock: Emile Rector
Abadie, Selby J. «a<l'., Bertram A. Badt, David
J. Baird, Calvin Arthur Berry, Grace M. Breen,
Fred C. Bunger, I.illie E. Byrns, Leonlde A.
Cahn, Henry Cailleaud, William J. Carman,
William F. Cody, Charles C. Dobie, Robert
W. J. Dodd, Berry Dunn. Blanche L. Eagle,
Loretta E, Fan ton, Mabel Q. (Jrimths, Jessie H.
liaskin. I'eier Jorgensen, Kth«l R, I.inforih,
Alice E. Lou rio. William MidUleton, Edith M.
Minor, Andrew B. Moulder, Fannie K. Noonan,
Ssidie c. O'Connor, Jessie M. Parks, Dorothy
Peters, Clara Reiehenberß, Victor E. Reicljen
berc, John R. Hnul.Etta F. Sheehan. Wiiliam
Melander, George Kelton Steele, James F. Sul
livaa, David Torres and Bart N. Trobock.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
! | OUR GREAT SALE OF
I I AIINDFRFD WAISTS I
! Pfr LnUIIULMLU llnlUlUi 4t*
# This is the Greatest Sacrifice Sale iSSHllfe
This is the (ireatest Sacrifice sale J^B^Nttw)
'flSKkiKl of Waists ever seen in San Francisco. BfflWllflP
'^tS__ib__?^ They are all made of the finest Per- W2£2i!!£!^>
' v< HS-SuSn cales, Lawns, Dimities, Batiste and TflraH!fi£
) gfjfflfffi'A Linen Stripes. Are beautifully laun- , y^mfWv
j WivWi'W 1 ' dered. Have full Bishop sleeves. WWW'
\ They are regular $3 50, $3 and $2.50
\ Waists, and at this sale they are
) yours for just HALF PRICE.
i — —
j ___ ! .-/. Fine Percale Waists, I
> — -= _> uw pointed yokes big i— s r Nothing has ever been
, A(\r Laundered Waists In sleeves - finely laundered. 1 /^*- offered to match this
IT i UV/ new, pretty styles, A waist that never sold be- 1 Waist for the price. It is
> laundered to perfection, fore for less than $1. A ' made up in fine, soft Per-
-1 big sleeves, all sizes - A(\r monumental sacrifice. Lots i cales and Lawns— is eleirant-
( Wt. o) patterns to selectefW ly finished and laun-'7- / -
-1 from ... »Jvrv, i dered-al! sizes - '5 C
) ffl» OO.50 IMPORTED MIXED FANCY Q* 1 C.OO NOVELTY CHEVIOT MIX"
I «JP_j_j (HKVIOT DKKSSKBffIjI C.OO <3P 1 O TURB ALL-WOO I. Cm 1 ■•">'•
) reefer styles, f0r.... «JPJLU — - BLAZER DRESSES, silk lined, for..vt)_ r
I'.TM' All onr Tailor-made, Blaser silk-lined Skirt, '• '^-_T_\
1 v- ; i ___- - , l i'ft>_f V Fine All-wool Mixed Che- wide and lined with rus- _-_«*rW-2&.W
S&SwfeZtT^ytoi "eefer Dresses, with tie Hnlntr, Velveteen yj^^^nk* -.
fcV/^Cu\_TAi# •pearl buttons, box fronts. finish. Every one worth *» // SXb»JI"W
r//_SfcN_tF»lr- 7 ripple backs, exira wide *15.00. rI'M™U¥SJ
!___s^il__^^ • llned witu rusUG S^czMpik
fAll onr Tailor-mnde, Blazer Silk-lined Skirt. \±£x\
Fine All-wool Mixed (.'lie- wide and lined with ru.v .
vlot Keefer Dress-8, with tie linine, Velveteen /^^*^WOl««
pearl buttons, box fronts. finish. Every one worth fc,// S^MMIp" f
ripple backs, extra wide *15.00. 5- / /jA/^fiilfiV '
skirts, lined with rustle K^yfiWm'^
ONE , PRICK jl^\ \\
\mm' $. 5 .00. : $9>sa Ill^tl
I Reefer Dresses $8.50. Reefer Dresses $13 50.
1 Blue and Black Serge Reefer Dresses, box All our $18.00 Fancy Mixed Cheviot
) fronts, large buttons, all lined Jackets, wide Cresses, swell styles and perfect finish,
) skirts lined with stiff rustle, a good $12.60' Now for • .
) Dress. Sale price
> <c&cn <£ i ~. en
> $8.50. $13.50.
IKELL\ & LIEBES,
I 120 KEARNY STREET.
) ' ■ ' ■- ■;■■ '
I Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House on the Pacific Coast.
iJ Country Orders receive prompt attention. Satisfaction guaranteed
>) ' all orders.
FOOTPADS ARE
KEEPING IT UP,
A Japanese Shoemaker
Nearly Beaten to
Death.
ROBBED OF HIS WATCH
Lively Experience of Charles
Kendrick, Cashier in a Cor
ner Grocery.
HE COMES OFF VICTORIOUS.
Two of the Many Cases Which the
Police Want to Keep to Them
selves.
Burglars and footpads are taking the
fullest advantage of the idiotic policy of
the Supervisors in Bhutting off the street
lights to do as large a business as possible.
The police are doing their utmost to
keep the reports to themselves, but occa
sionally a few leak out, anil two holdups
are among the number.
Handi Naojiro, employed in the Japa
nese 3hoestore of C. Sekeni at 223 Ellis
street, after stopping work on Saturday
night went to a barber-shop on Sacra
mento street. He left there shortly after
11 o'clock to go to his room at 228 Ellis
street. He walked along Stockton street,
and between California and Pine he no
ticed two men following closely behind
him. He paid no attention to them, but
when he reached Bush street they were
close behind him, and he was knocked
down by a blow on the head from Borne
heavy instrument.
After knocking him down they kicked
him on the head until he becama uncon
scious. When he regained consciousness,
in about fifteen minutes, he found that his
silver watch and chain and a bunch of
keys had been stolen. His head was cut
in several places, and although he was
weak from the loss of blood he managed to
walk home. A physician was called in
who attended to his wounds, and last
night he was on a fair way to recovery.
He could give no description of the two
footpads.
Charles Kendrick, cashier in a grocery
at California and Fillmore streets, yester
day related his remarKable experience
with a footpad on Sunday night.
He had been out with a lady friend, and,
after taking her home, iie went to the
corner of Masonic avenue and Pase street
to wait for v car to go home. It was not
so very dark, as the moon was shedding
her soft light and the electric lights at the
chutes were not far distant.
Kendrick heard stealthy footsteps be
hind him. He was not thinking oi foot
pads and paid no attention to the foot
step*. Soon a man, wearing an overcoat
with the collar turned up and a black
Derby hat pulled well down over his eyes,
stood in front of him. The man had his
hands in his overcoat pockets, and, after
glancing up and down the street, pulled a
gun out of the pocket of his overcoat and,
pointing it at Kendrick, quietly remarked,
"Shell out, young fellow."
Kendrick was startled for a moment and
blurted out, "Please don't harm me."
Then, instead of shelling out, he regained
his courage and took advantage of an un
guarded movement of *he footpad to
snatch the revolver out of his hand and
knock him down. When he got the foot
pad down he kicked him on the head and
body till he yelled for mercy, and strug
gling to hia feet disappeared in the dark
ness.
Kendrick retained possession of the re
volver as a memento of his victory over
the footpad. It is a rusty old thing and
gave signs of being well oiled. When
a^ked why he did not fire at the footpad
when he paw him running away lie buid
he was afraid of missing him and he
might have returned with a knife. He
said the footpad looked like a "dope fiend"
and he thought he might know him again.
PUNY MAN
!■ he who, by burning both ends of the
candle, by dissipation, by nights of sleep-
lessness, by days of hard mental or phys-
ical work, has made himself nerveless,
melancholy, weak, vibrating. Why should
this be so? Why should one of Nature's
best handiwork be a poor, feeble,
PUNY MAN
Whose look is gaunt, whose step is feeble,
who is ever and anon compelled to hold
himself to pillar, to post, who is ever
dizzy, who has flicking specks and glim-
mering dots sparking and bewildering his
— who sees nature, man, life and all
through the smoky glass, despair? Do
you want to be always a
PUNY MAN
A prematurely decayed man? If you
don't you should at once study over and
consult about that which makes pound
men. It is the great remedio-treatment —
the wonderful specific that has been the
highest, the greatest boon to humanity
It is the great Hudyan. This great remedy
can be had only from the old Hudsonian
doctors. No one else has Hudyan ;no one
else can give you Hudyan. Hudyan cures
nervous exhaustion, nervous debility,
spermatorrhoea, drains, declines and dis-
abilities of men.
Hudyan is your true specific. If you
wish to learn more about the great Hud-
yan you should call or write for
TESTIMONIALS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
IRON BEDS,
Sri -■: jm BRASS BEDS.
mm ' , FOLDING BED3 1
Wire and . Hair Mus-
tresses, Iteoli nln;
...... i Chairs, Wheel Chair*.
if M Mf Commodes, Back R >i;j
liUUi I flfflffllf W A SCHROCK,
f+Wl V 21
**3S^_ ~~ 'i-U-ki New Montgomery
0 %*."■ "■ _J St., under <.ruiiii
*^ Hotel. S. V.
•_■ ■ ■■ an * laxative refreshing tot
Dr. 111 nil very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
__________ hemorrhoids, bile,
' M it I L II loss of appetite. (csiHtrlc and
Ila I BI" IV Intestinal troubles and
■ ■■■• ■ *■ ■■ headache arising
from them.
Anil I A&I E. (tKILLON.
15 Xl I !IBj 33 Htiedes Archives. Part*
UlllkkUn Hold by -li Drugfiau.
W_ea or_cri_«plt'a»t) i_eimo_CAL_.
EXCURSION AND AUCTION SALE!
AX-^^SSfe, SI ITIIP I. 1 Y
I 1 rT_>\l! -Saturday Juno 27, 1893
■ M A 'TY?»jt| *J''f^T'^^^tTasrT^ A ' 1 o'clock P. M. on the premises,
if at auction MURPHY STATION
«. A ATDP4 °* the Choicest Land in the
O5 U /\WtVCr*^ State of California.
q^ ArDRC in ! and 2 y ear old prune,
OU /\VIVC^ APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In io=ACRE upward TRACTS
Being a Portion of the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY HOMESTEAD TRACT
THE JAMES T. MURPHY SUBDIVISION.
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soil. Its prolific resources stand at
the head of any district In this State.
Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present itself to the home-seeker, the fruiterer or
the person looking for a family resort where health combined with profit Is at his command.
There are 1U pieces now planted In strong and thrifty one and two year old Apricots, Prunes,
Cherries and Peaches. The balance of the land is famous for Its luxurious growth of oak trees.
WHERE IT IS AND WHAT IT 18— About midway between San Jose and -inniord University,
fronting the H. P. R. R. ; 8 miles from San Jose, 7 miles from l'alo Alto, 4 miles from -Mountain View,
and at the Murphy Station. The soil Is 40 feet deep, is alluvial sediment and the very cream of this
rich valley. This tract fronts on the main .san Francisco and San Jose boulevard, and is opposite the
magnificent prune orchard of _>. M. Delmas. valued at $ K'OO per acre.
To any and all persons wanting the best, richest and most productive land in this State this Offering
certainly presents that golden opportunity. :\ "■; T- •■:
fe" * J J^Bfflßßwff^vß Pi»-llt^j^T g i[j§lfflpSi To Murphy Station, nenr Mountain View,
W^^^^^^^^~ IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY, June 27, 1896, stopping at Valencia-street .station, San ilateo, Redwood and Menlo Park,
returning leave Murphy station at 3:30 o'clock P. M. same day.
• ■ »1 .OO ROUND-TRIP TICKKT9 1.00. Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
June 26. 1898, all day. and on Saturaay, June 27, day of the excursion, up to 9:30 o'clock A. M., and
at the depot. Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock A. M.,
from our representative. From othor stations on the train, from San Mateo, Redwood and Mealo
Park, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds.
TERMS— One-Fourth Cash, balance In 1,3 and 3 years, Interest 8% per annum.
EASTO\ T , ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, 638 Market St.,
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON, Real Estate Agents,
; 7 West Santa Clara Street, San Jose.
* : _2-___H-______B-_?'~1- ' ■ tfffW_!_&_E- tfiT_B_,-r' ' - - ill II Hi_ff*Tl
NEW TO-DAY^
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGOIONI KID GLOVES.
BATHINGSUITS
SEE OUR
NOBBY BATHING SUITS
_F"O_EI. 1896
For Ladies, Gents and Children.
THEY WILL INTEREST,
PLEASE AND SURPRISE YOU.
THEY LOOK WELL.
THEY WEAR WELL.
THEY GIVE PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
WE SHOW
Styles In Our Own Knit
Bathing: Suits That Cannot
Be Seen Anywhere Else.
WE SHOW
I EVERYTHING THAT A
! SWrMMER WANTS FROM
! CAP TO SHOES.
OUR PRICES
ARE THE LOWEST.
45" Send for Catalogue of Bathing Suits-mailed
I Free.
I See Examiner and Chronicle for Values In Other
Departments.
: Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
newmanXlevinson,
135, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRAXCH STOKE— 742 and 744 Market
| Street.
,\\<;^f's\\ < M. xJ ,. FIFTY-DOLLAR
flllllttl ELECTRIC BELTS
Ife'^s-p-if-i---^^ 1? OR W 5 ' $ 40 BELTS
I^-^nSrafSdKl*' -F for _20. and $30 Belts
Vyyifcrfsg»eß4Ji^»- forsls; also good belts for
■w-il^*. / -' %^ *•*>• i atfst patent and all
i \' <I_l l* improvements. TV Call
: <i?^? \ or write for new pamphlet
"** -No. 2. Address DX.
PIERCE & SOX, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco.
1 ~~~^^~ ~~"~" *~^^^~~~~^~~~ ~~^*"
**___fl§^s?fc- e «*_n Rie ** Is a rjon-poisononi
-A-t3-_-gS* 6 *Ja>--a remedy for Gonorrhoea.
C'Jf"'' l " Spermatorrhoea,
M3^m lD ' tos.Ujs.Vg Whiten, unnatural dia-
MbBBB On»r»ntc«d l£j charges, or any intiamma-
! s"**_| not to striciare. tioa, irritation or ulcera-
|l™ T|PreTect« eoatigion. tion of mucous motn-
R»%THEEv*NSCHEU^iLCo. tjr ' v:> s - Non-astringent.
«rt|^CiNCINNATI,O HS^a Sold by Urnircistc,
'jjaK^ DS A _V-3l or ' : '' '" i l '' 11 " wrnppor,
<«^___^_. _*rfs^_3 by express, repaid, f.r
<5 4j^___fe__»?5 O H ♦ 1 00 ', or 3 bottles, J2.7\
*^^B^^^» V ■ Circular sen? or - ' txi«t.CHAIRMAN KING
IS HARD TO FIND,
Steward Robinson Vainly
Sought Him at the
City Hall
AND THEN AT HIS HOTEL
Nearly Always Ran Across Him
at the Bar of the New
Western.
COUNTY HOSPITAL SUPPLIES.
Fish That Were Sometimes "Past"
and Meat That Came at Fancy
Figures.
Tb« Board of Health continued its in
vestigation of the County Hospital Jast
evening at the office of Dr. Hart, 114 Pow
ell street. Two witnesses were examined —
George Robinson, the steward, and his
son, George F. Robinson, who was acting
steward for two months during his father's
illness.
The elder Robinson testified that his du
ties included general supervisiom of the
commissary department and of the buiid
inps. Every week he makes a requisition
of supplies needed for the institution and
.13 it to the Superintendent for ap
proval. He then has to take the requisi
tion to the Cbafrman of the Hospital Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors, Joseph
Kiue. According to Robinson he seeks
King at the City Hall during his supposed
oilice hours, but rarely find* him there.
Generally he has to hunt for Kine at the
latter's hotel, and more particularly in the
barroom of the hotel.
On certain occasions when it was impos
sible to find the Supervisor of the Fir*«t
Ward even in the seclusion of his own bar
room the steward was compelled to usk
dealers to furnish supplies without a re
quisition ana to get the requisition signed
later on.
Robinson, as a rule, goes with a requisi
tion to the chairman of the Hospital Com
mittee about four times a week, but often
he has to go st-vertil time.-j a day to tind
King. The steward admitted "that he
often lost a great deal of time chasing
back and forth between the City Hall and
King's hotel.
Kobinson said he had very little trouble
about the shortage in weight or measure
of the supplies furnished the hospital.
The trouble was with the quality.
The lish furnished the institution was
often poor — not rotten, but what the stew
ard euphoniously termed "Dast."' He had
also received bay and potatoes that were
unfit for use. On such occasions the goods
were always sent back and the dealers sent
good supplies. The cartage of these sup
j>:i^s back and for:li, of course, made an
additional expense for the hospital.
The quality of beef furnished to the
ai was very good, according to the
steward.
i ontraet price, however, at which it
was furnished tv the hospital was much
)i ttiiin tie regular market price.
. -ure he could have bought
:ine qualltv of meat which was being
furnished at ti' 2 cents a pound for 4.,
cents, lie was> positive he could have
saved the City from $1500 to $20u0 during
the past fiscal year on meat alone, if he
had had the buying of it. However, even
if he had wished to do so, he had not the
power.
In buying goods not contracted for he
go to certain dealers recommended
by the Hospital Committee. If the Board
oi Health should order him to go to an
other tirm who would furnish goods
cheaper he would probably be unable to
get ti.e eoods, as the chairman of the hos
pital committee would refuse to sign the
requisition and the dealer would not get
■•>'•
•Then you mean to say," asked Dr.
Hart, "that although an appointee of the
iioard of Healtn you are under the power
of the committee of the Supervisors, and
that the Board of Health has nothing to
do with the matter?'
"It seems to be that way," answered
Robin -
Young Robinson was asked the same
questions as his father and corroborated
his statements. He recounted a visit he
made to Cuairman Kine with a requisi
tion, when tiie Supervisor delighted the
politicians in hia barroom by declaring he
would not allow certain supplies to the
hospital. Robinson denied that he had
jutted King on the back on this occasion
and said: "Good boy, Joe."
At the conclusion of young Robinson's
testimony the board adjourned to meet
ligain next week, when more of the hos
pital employes will be examined.
IN AID OF THE CHARTER.
Prominent Organizations Ad
dress the Election Com
mission.
Resolu!ioa Passed Placing the Charter
at the Head of the Electoral
Ballot.
The Merchants' Association and other
prominent organizations, represented by
Joseph Britton, president of the Board of
Freeholders; Captain William L. Merry,
secretary of the Chamber of Commerce;
I. J. Truman, president of the Civic Federa
tion; W. G. Doaue, director of the Mer
chants' Association; F. W. Dohrmaun,
;ent of the Merchants' Association,
and J. Richard Freud, secretary of the
Merchants' Association, appeared before
action Commissioners yesterday to
urge that the proposed new charter be
given a prominent place on the electoral
ballot at the next election.
Joseph Britton opened the discussion by
stating that at the invitation of the Board
i tion Commissioners the committee
was present to urge the placing of the
charier in a favorable position upon the
al ticket.
F. W. Dohrmann then addressed the
committee for the purpose of showing the
necessity of placing the words "for the
new charter" or "against the newcharter '
in such a position upon the ballot that it
would not be overlooked. He then asked
tne Commissioners whether there was any
necessity for discussion of this subject.
Commissioner Block offered a resolution
authorizing the Registiar to prepare the
ballot so that the charter would appear at
the head of the municipal ticket. This
resolution gave rise to some discussion in
which it became apparent that all the
members of the board were favorable to
the resolution, but were not certain that
the board had the legal authority to so
arrange the ballot.
Auditor Broderick stated that he was
FtrontjJy in favor of having the position of
the charter at the head of the municipal
ticket, but that there was some question
under what election laws the Commis
sioners were operating. It might be
possible that the power resided with the
County Clerk.
An amendment was offered by Com
missioner Creswell that the Board was
favorable to the resolution as submitted
by Commissioner Block, provided it had
the power. In this shape the resolution
was unanimously adopted by the Com
missioners.
. In order to hring the matter to a test as
soon as possible, a resolution was offered
by Commissioner Creswell that the Board
authorize ihe Registrar to purchase a cer
tain amount of ballot paper from the
Secretary of State and proceed to the
arrangement and printing of the ballot.
This resolution was also unanimously
adopted by the Commissioners.
The subject of appointing election
officers for the ensuing election, on No
vember ;>, was then discussed. Mr. Dohr
mann, on behalf of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, presented to the Registrar for the
use of the election board, a list of 2000
leading mercantile houses of this City who
employ cierical help.
This" list comprises the 523 members of
of the Merchants' Association and the
leading commercial houses, and will be
used by the kegtstrar in sending out a
special circular requesting merchants to
recommend their clerks for election offi
cers. Application blanks will be sent with
each circular, to be properly rilled out
and returned to the Registrar's office.
Mr. Dohrmann explained that the object
of the Merchants' Association was to co
operate harmoniously with the Election
Commissioners in securing efficient ana
reliable clerks of election.
'lhe Merchants' Association will send a
special request to each of these 2000 firms
that they comply with the wishes of the
Election Commissioners. Active efforts
will also be taken by the association to
secure desirable clerks in every precinct of
the City at the next election with a special
view of securing a full and accurate couni
of the votes polled upon the new charter.
A HUGE GRADING JOB,
Warren and O'Malley Have Al
most Two Years' Work
in Richmond,
Residents of the District Have a Com
p'aint Against the Street
Department.
For the next two years Richmond Dis- !
trict will be the scene of extensive grading
operation?, and millions of yards of sand
will be handled. Besides the old Bay Dis- j
trict racetrack work, Warren it O'Malley |
have a large tract between Eighth and j
Fifteenth avenues and A and C streets. |
This is a job of about forty blocks and is •
covered with sandhills, many of them ;
thirty feet higher than the street. Much
Of it is dry sand, the banks having been j
recently formed by the wind, and the
graders to remove it will use the big steam '
machines known as 'Sand-paddies."
A "sand-paddy" is not as diminutive or |
modest a piece of mechanism a? one would i
fancy. On the contrary, it is a monster j
that eats into a sandhill at the rate of 1800 !
or 1900 cubic yards a day. By a series of '■
scoops or buck?t3 run by endless sprocket
chains the soil is elevated into a hopper,
thence into railroad cars, which run on
their tracks around the machine receiving
their load, which is emptied into the cut
to be filled. The "paddy" itself stands on ,
rails, and after it has used up all the pand- '
banks within reach it is rolled forward and
the cartrack again arranged around it.
The whole system is perfect in the way of
utility and "practicability, and the work
advance* rapidly.
\\ arren it .O'Malley will soon have two j
steamers at work, one at the sand-dune
west of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery on the j
old racetrack and the other on the forty- :
block job, wnere it will dig steadily for a
year and a half. When it has scooped up
its last bucket of sand a wide strip of high
rolling land lyinpr along the north side of ,
Golden (iate Park will be leveled down
and ready for the builders.
The residents of Richmond District are ;
I complaining bitterly of the action of the j
I Street Committee in foisting upon them
Gray Bros.' blue rock. Not only are the
quarries far away, but the small property
owners of the locality at tiie present time '
find that additional expense ahardship.
The people of the district hold that as so
much of that part of the City is ungraded
and often streets are mere cuts tnrough
sandhills it is not practicable to be^m a
system of costly paving. They wish to use |
the red rock of which they have an j
unlimited supply at a quarry on Thirtieth \
avenue for temporary street work. It is i
their intention in the near future to Ditu
minizfl every street in the district, when
the blue rock will be used as a bed for the j
i bitumen. A3 it i 3 the red rock has a ;
I natural cement which gums the whole j
' mess, and a thoroughfare paved with this [
j after being well rolled makes one of the
: cheapest and best roadways Known.
J. <j. Conway, a grader residing in Rich- |
mond District, stated yesterday that the
people of his locality were going to make
the paving question a living issue this
summer.
"Many of our streets," said he, "are in
a deplorable condition at present, and
what will they be in the wet season? They |
| have been dug up for sewers, gas ana j
water mains until they are soft and need j
paving. But we can't afford to pay 7 and
B cents a square foot for blue rock, for that j
is too costly. We could have it done in
oar own red rock for 3^ cents. Talk S
about an octopus— l tell you there is no
more unjust and crushing monopoly in
this City than the Gray Brothers and their
blue rock. We have a number of times
sent committees to the board for redress
and there they always found one of the I
Grays ready to fight them.
"Here is another thing of the many evils
that arnct us. The other day the 'Street
Department served notices ordering ttiat j
the sidewalk alone Sixth avenue snould
be bituminized. Part of the thorough- j
fare between Point Lobos avenue and the j
partc not only has no buildings on it, but ,
is Hanked by deep, ungraded lots; and, |
moreover, 1 have been at work in sight of i
that street every day for three weeks, and j
I have not seen over twenty people walK- i
ing by. What the department wants j
those sidewalks paved now for is a ques- I
tion past finding out.
"Now if we work out streets at all —
j which they need — we must use the hard
I blue rock, which is the poorest material i
that can be put down. It will not pack, I
and either grinds up into fine dust, to ;
i turn to mud in winter, or remains a hard |
j gravel in the streets. We want the red >
i rock put down now, and when we are able !
J to do costly street work we will bit.uniin- |
ize. The Street Department need not fear i
that Richmond District will fail to mi- ]
prove itself in the Dest manner possible. |
We want a square deal, and we will con- |
j tend for it, too."
•— • — •
An <>ld Cage Decided.
I The United States Court of Appeals affirmed j
I yesterday the decision of the District Court, j
j in the case of The Humboldt Lumber Manu- j
| facturers' Association against Olivia Christo- i
pherson and others. The suit is one of nearly |
seven years' standing, and was carried to the |
Court of Appeals on a mandate to secure a
stay of proceedings. The case is now referred !
back to the District Court for execution. In
1889 the tug Printer, owned by tne Humboldt !
i couipauy was towing out to sea the (-choouer j
I Fidelity. In some way thelatterran foul of the i
I rocks and several lives were loKt. Suits were at }
! once instituted against the lumber people by
I the families of the victims for $54,000 dam- j
ages. Tht District Court held that the owners !
of tne tug were only responsible to ihe value I
of the vessel, which was appraised at $22,500. i
A judgment for that amount was accordingly \
rendered. The Humb:>ldt company disclaimed
any liability whatever, and asked for the utay
of proceedings as already related.
Loans on watches, jewelry, sll v — -»re, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
SHEA & SHEA TO
BUILD THE HALL
The Contract for the New
Municipal Building
Awarded.
END OF THE DEADLOCK.
Supervisors Wagner and Benja
min Finally Changed
Their Votes.
WORK WILL SOON BE BEGUN.
The Pesthouse Will N.t Be Located
on the Almshouse Tract
at Present.
The Board of Supervisors settled the
question as to who shall be the architect
to construct the new municipal building
yesterday by giving the plum to Shea it
Shea.
The board has been in a deadlock for
several months past (in fact, ever since
the numerous designs for the building
were submitted), Shea & Shea being one
vote short of enough to get the contract,
while the nearest rival, W. 0. Banks,
lacked two votes. Yesterday when the
balloting was taken up seven ballots were
cast without any result being attained,
but on the eighth the change came. It
was first in evidence when Supervisor Ben
jamin, who has been an enthusiastic sup
porter of Banks from tne first, raised his
voice for Shea it Shea, and the choice was
assured when Supervisor Wagner deserted
Mooser & Mooser, for whom he has voted
persistently, and also voted for Shea &
Shea.
Later a resolution was adopted instruct
ing the architects to call at once on the
Municipal Buildings Committee of the
board with a view to arranging tor the im
mediate beginning of wort on the
structure.
The report of A. F. Knorp to the finance
committee of the County Hospital build
ings was submitted, showing the struc
tures to be in a generally good condition,
but needing some improvements. Among
theie was a new one-story building for in
fectious diseases. The total estimated
cost was $21,278, $ 14,77* to be for the new
building. The repon called attention to
the fact that since 1872 the total expendi
ture on t.'ie hospital buildings had been
f175,«6584.
Mayor Sutro occupied his chair for the
first time since he was granted his vaca
tion two months a^o, and was visibly
pleased when the Pesthouse ghost that has
been troubling him so long was finally
"laid."
When the resolution locating the hos
pital for contagious diseases on the Alina
j,ouse tract came up its passage was
oved. Supervisor King wanted the mat
. r laid over for a month, but this measure
(jjd not carry and the original motion was
i st by one vote.
Acting Mayor Taylor's veto of the box
i_ g ordinance was read and sent to print.
q olonel Taylor also made the following
r ecommendations regarding future box-
i ng entertainments:
In conclusion, permit me to make the sug
gestion that if It is still the determination of
this honorable body to pass order No. 3000,
then it should be amended in the three fol
lowing particulars:
Kirsi— After the application is presented to
this body, and before action thereon is taken
by the comniittee. the application should
be referred to the Chief of Police with direc
tions that he shall, with convenient dispatch,
file with such committee his written opinion
as to the granting or refusal of such applica
tion, giving his reasons therefor.
■ Second— Kach and every contest under such
permit should be limited to live (6j rounds, no
round exceeding three (3) minutes in time.
Third— livery permit Issued by this board
shall be approved by the Mayor before it
tinally becomes valid.
The matter will come up for a decision
next Monday.
The long delayed resolution in relation
to the fees of the Sheriff's ottlce that are not
paid into the treasury was finally passed.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Summary of the Present
Work on City Thorough
fares.
Following is a detailed account of the
street improvements considered yesterday
by the Board of Supervisors:
FULL ACCEPTANCES.
Market, c anchez to Noe— Bitumen.
Market, Noe to Castro— Bitumen.
Seventeenth, Castro to Diamond— Bitumen.
Seventeenth, Diamond to Douglass— Bitumen.
-ive iteeruh and Diamond crossing— Bitumen.
Flllmore and .Hermann crossing— Basalt.
Market and Sanchez crossing— Bitumen.
SIDEWALKS BKDUCTION.
Dore, Harrison to Bryant— Establishing at ten
feet. Referred bacK to Street Committee.
AWARD OF STREET WORK.
Noe and Fifteenth crossing — Bitumen, 171 A
cents: City Street Improvement Company.
i'oint Lobo* aDd (seventh avenues, northeast
corner— Water Inlet, $59: John Dolan.
Point Lobos and Eleventh avenues, northeast ;
corner— Water Inlet, $82 50; John Dolan.
Point Lobos and Twelfth avenues, northeast
corner— Water Inlet, $65; John Dolan.
Ninth avenue, Clement to Point Lobos— Sewer,
f>9 cents; manhole, $30; City Street Improve
ment Company.
Point Logos and .Ninth avenue, northeast corner
—Water Inlet, ¥59 90; John Dolan.
Union and Htelner, northwest, northeast and
southwest corners— Sidewalks, $30; Union Paving
and Contracting Company.
Union and Pierce, southeast corner— Sidewalks,
$30; Union Paving and Contracting Company.
Utah and Seventeenth— Sewer, 90 cents; corner,
each, $ 3U; manhole, each. $30; M. 1-. Lent-
Utah, Seventeenth toMarij Sewer, 59 cents:
manhole, each. $30. City Street Improvement
Company.
Broderick, Jefferson to Tonqutn— Grading $40
--roadway, $8; sidewalks, $85; curb, $15; Warren
& M alley.
Fell. Scott to Devlsadero-Sldewalka, 14 cents:
Charles A. Carrilon.
Fillmore and Fell, crossing— Bitumen, 18 cents;
City Street Improvmcnt Company.
Thirteenth, H to I— Oracling, 9 cents; George
Spencer.
NOTICE OF STREET WORK.
Haiebt and Cole— Stone sidewalks, cesspools, etc.
Cortland. Mission to Andover— Plank sidewalks.
Church, Market to Fifteenth— Plank sidewalks
Devisadero. Waller to Thirteenth- side
walks.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Bitumen.
Army, church to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks.
Geary, Polk, to Van Ness— Stone sidewalks.
Julian avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Twelve-
Inch sewer.
Sanchez, Twenty-ninth to Army— Plank side-
I walks.
Douglass, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Plank
sidewalks.
Twenty-third, Castro to Douglass— Plank side
walks.
• Elizabeth, Castro to Douglass-Plank sidewalks.
Hawthorne, Howard to Folsom— Stone side
walks.
Pine, Dnpont to Stockton— Stone sidewalks.
Jessie, Third to Fourth— Stone sidewalks.
Minna, First to Second— Stone sidewalks.
Howard. Second to Third— Stone sidewalks.
First, Mission to Howard— Stone sidewalks.
Bernlce and Thirteenth— Stone sidewalks.
Haigbt, Clayton to Cole— Ki«ht-inch sewer.
li.-ii.ht , A anbury to Masonic— Ten-inch sewer.
BKSOLUTIONS ORDKRI.NO BTBRET WORK.
Pacific and Hyde, northwest corner— Stone side
walk.
Sheridan and Ninth, northwest corner— Stone
sidewalk.
, Webster, Golden Gate to McAllister— Stone side
walks.
Golden Gate, Fillmore to Stelner— Stone side
walks.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Golden Gate, Webster to Fillmore— Stone side
walks.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— Nine feet stone j
sidewalks.
Romaine, Corbett to Douglass— Grading, etc.
Cole, Waller to #Tederick— Nine feet stone side
walks.
Baiter, Tonquin to Lewis— Plank sidewalks.
Lyon, Jackson to Pacific avenue— Stone side
walks.
Guerrero. Army to Twenty-seventh— Plank side- :
walks.
Polk, Cedar to Geary— Stone sidewalks.
Hermann and Laguna— Ten-inch sewer. 14-inch I
sewer, etc.
Cole, Frederick to Carl— feet stone side- j
walks.
BESOLUTIOK OF INTENTION TO ORDER BTREET
WORK.
Capitol, Sagamore to Sadowa— Grading, etc
Capitol and sadowa crossing— Grading, etc.
Capitol, sadowa to Broad— (iradlnp. etc.
Sadowa, Capitol to Plymouth— etc,
Sagamore, Plymouth to Capitol— etc.
Sagamore and capitol crowing— Grading, etc.
Prospect and Ksmeralda crossing— Grading, 12,
10 and 8 inch sewer, etc.
Prospect, Virginia to Ksmeralda— Grading, etc.;
12-inch pipe sewer.
Prospect. Virginia to Heyman— Grading, etc., I
10-liicii sewer.
Prospect and HeymaD, crossing:— Grading, 14, !
la and 10 inch sewers, etc.
Prospect, Kugenia to Heyman— Grading, etc.,
12-inch sewer, etc.
Eugenia and Prospect avenues— Grading, etc.;
12 and 10 inch sewers, etc.. granite curbs.
Prospect, Eugenia to Lizzie— Grading, etc, B
inch newer.
Prospect and Lizzie avenues, crossing— Grading,
etc., 8-inch sewer.
Prospect. lizzie to Cortland— Grading, etc., B
inch sewer, etc.
Waller, Masonic to De Long— 10-inch sewer.
Klizabeth, Noe to Castro, south aide— Stone side
walks.
Klizabetb. Noe to -anchez— stone sidewalks.
Twenty-first, Dolores to Church— Stone side
walks.
Twenty-second, Church to Chattanooga— Plank
sidewalks.
Church, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
sidewalks.
CHANGES OF GRADE.
First avenue, south line of Clay— Raised 4.78
feet.
First avenue, north line of Clay— Raised 7.78
feet.
First avenue, south line of Washington— Based
18.32 feet.
First avenue, north line of Washington— Raised
16.32 feet.
j-ir-it avenue, south line of Jackson— Lowered |
3.14 feet.
First avenue, nortn line of Jackson— Lowe red
.14te*t.
First avenue, south line Presidio Reservation—
Established at 274 feet.
District to be assessed for changes, bounded by
the reservation.
First avenue. Cheny, Sacramento and Fulton.
PETITION HKI-KRRKD TO COUNTY ATTORNEY.
Ash avenue, Webster to Fillmor* 1 — For advice It !
It has been been dosed by the court.
Fifteenth avenue. Mto L streets— To inform j
board on necessary action.
STREETS DECLARED VOID.
Between Harrison and liryant, in block 328— j
Purveyor not to put in on the map.
heeler and sliver avenue tracts— No streets
were ever projected through and must not be put
on the map.
ASSESSHENT CONFIRMED.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to easterly termination—
For cost ok sewer.
ASSESSMENT BET ASIDE.
Montezuma and Sliotwell— cost of sewer; Super- j
intendent of Streets directed to maKe new assess
ment.
serpentine. Lower terrace to Serpentine road— j
Grading, sewering, etc. Superintendent of streets |
to make new assessment; lot 28 exempt from cost
of sewer.
AFPKAIi FROM ASSESSMENT.
Sanchez, Seventeenth to Klghteenth— Bitumen;
to be heard June 29, at 3 p. m.
OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK.
Octavla, Jackson to Broad way— Property-owners'
protest to be heard June 29, at 3 p. m.
BIDS KEJECTEU.
Haight, Shrader to van— Sewer, etc Re. |
ferred to Street Committee.
BIDS TO BE BEADVERTI9ED.
California, Walnut to Central avenue— Twelve-
Inch sewer.
SPECIAL PERMISSIONS TO PROPERTY-OWNERS
Sacramento, Walnut to Laurel— Bitumen.
Pine, Broderlck to Baker— Bitumen.
Colitniovood, Seventeenth to Eighteenth- i
Bitumen.
Collingwood, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— j
Bitumen.
Noe. Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Bitumen.
Fifteenth. Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Bay, l.arkin to Polk— Bitumen.
Church, F'ftepnth to Sixteenth— Bitumen.
Church, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Bitumen.
Fulton. Baker to liyon— Bitumen.
Bourbon place. Eddy to Ellis— To retain granite
curbs. .
CONTRACTS REPEALED.
Market and Sixteenth— Daniel Kelleher, to con
struct sewer.
Church, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Union Pay- )
lug and Contracting Company: basalt.
Fulton, Baker to Lyou— Jefferson Martenet;
bitumen
PRIVATE CONTRACT.
Ivy avenue and Octavia — Superintendent of
Streets empowered to contract with Fliuu £.
Treacy to construct. 12-inch sewer.
EXTENSIONS (IBANTKD.
P.roderick, Lombard to Chestnut— Grading, 90
days.
Broderick and Chestnut crossing — Macadam,
etc.. 00 days.
Webster, Francisco to Bay— Macadam, etc, 60
days.
Webster and Bay crossing— Macadam, etc., 60
days.
P.roderick, Post to Geary— Paving, etc.. 60 days.
Dore, Harrison to Bryant— Paving, etc., 60 days.
P south. Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenue—
ing, etc., 30(Ihvs.
P south and Fourteenth avenue south— Grading.
etc, 30 days.
ACCEPTANCES.
Grove, Fillmore to steiner— Basalt.
Jones, Green to Union— Cobbles.
sixteenth, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Van Ness avenue. Green to Union— Bitumen.
city engineer's "description" approved.
San Jose avenue. Ocean View to Sunnyslde—
Showing lines and widths.
ASSESSMENTS.
Waiting the Mayor's signature:
Wood, Point LoDosto St. Rose's— Sewer.
Green and Gouch, southwest corner— Sidewalks.
Pacific avenue and Walnut, crossing— Macadam.
Marii osa. Pennsylvania to Mississippi— Grading.
M street south and Fifteenth avenue south-
Sewer.
signed by the Mayor:
Fifteenth avenue, M to Railroad avenue— Sewer.
Laurel, California to Sacramento— Bitumen.
Being made out:
Eighteenth and Connecticut, corners—Macad
am, etc.
Green and Laguna, northeast and northwest cor
ners-Sidewalks.
Fifth avenue and Clement, southeast corner-
Cesspool, etc.
BIDS to BE OPENED NEXT MONDAY.
Central avenue, Haiehtto Waller— Sewer.
Pierce, Ellis to O'Farrell, west side— Sidewalks.
Pierce, Golden Gate avenue to Turk, west side-
Sidewalks.
Pierce, Eddy to Ellis, west side— Sidewalks.
Howard, seventeenth to Eighteenth— sidewalks.
Hayes, Steiner to Pier <*. south side— Sidewalks.
Fifth, north Irom Shipley, southwest side-Side
walics.
Freelon, Fourth to Fifth— Bitumen sidewalks.
Fillmore, Broadway to Vallejo— Sidewalks, ba
salt gutterways, cobbles.
M street South, Ninth to Tenth avenues South—
Grade, macadam, etc. ■
Brannan, Fourth to Fifth— Bitumen sidewalks.
LOWEST RIDS.
Thirteenth avenue south, L to M street South-
Grading 27 cent*, roadway macadam 3 cents,
plank sidewalks 65 cents, sewer 90 cents, curb 15
cents, corner 30 cents, John Kelsev.
Eddy, Van Ness avenue to Franklin— Bitumen,
bide rejected.
Eddy, Devisadero to Broderick— Basalt 16Va
cents, curb 60 cents, City street Improvement
Company.
Fifteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Bitumen 17*4
cents, curb 70 cents, Pacific Paving Company.
Market, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen 17Vk
cents, curb 76 cents, Pacific Pavlna Company.
Market, Valencia to Church— Bitumen, 1934
cents, curb 75 cents, San Francisco Paving Com
pany.
Market and Church, crossing— Bitumen 19 cents,
Flinri A Treacy.'
Prescott, southerly from Vallejo— sewer, etc.,
connection $57, manhole $33, D. O'Connor.
B street, Sixth to Seventh avenue— Grading,
7 9-10 cents, K. F. Dennlson.
Berry, sixth to Seventh— Basalt 15% cents,
John it. Morton.
Dough, Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen 17V 3
cents, curb 78 cents. Pacific Paving Compa ny.
Firth and Harrison. south corner— sidewalk $49,
FUn n & Treacy.
PROTESTS OVERRULED.
Clayton, Hnight to Waller.
Cole, Halßht to Waller— stone sidewalks; pro
test from Baird estate on appeal from uroperly
owners.
■ PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Lombard, Van Ness to Pierce— Property-owners
against paving, etc.
Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to Church—Property
owners against plank sidewalk.
Cortland avenue, Mission to Andover avenue—
Property-owners, plank sidewalks. ■
Twenty-third, Castro to Diamond—Property
owner* against plank sidewalks.
Do ores. Twenty-fourth to Army—Property-own
eis against plank sidewalks.
Jersey, Dolores to Church— Property-owners
against plank sidewalks.
Dolores, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth— Prop
erty-owners against plank sidewalks.
Gough, Filbert to Greenwich— Property-owners
against paving, etc
I, Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues—Property
owners against grading.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Property-owners
against paving.
Eighteenth, Dolores to Church— Property-owners
against bitumen.
Church, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Property
owners against curbing.
. Van Ness. Green to Union— W. Haight
against stone sidewalks.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Julian avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Property
owners to retain ar lficinl-stone curbs.
A, Eighth to Ninth avenues— J. G. Conroy to
grade In front of lots.
Seventeenth, 125 east of Eureka— Mrs. Augusta
Marden to lay stone sidewalk.
Market, opposite the Emporium— Williams As
ihaltum Block Paving Company for permission to
■aye.
Jackson, SB. Front— Mrs. F. Vtrliger, plank. I
ildewalks.
Mission, block 46. Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Me
chanics' Institute to declare there is it street.
Greenwich, P'2B— Plank sidewalk.
Guerrero. Thirteenth to Fourteenth— H. G.
l'aii£nan, bitumen by private contract.
Merry, Sixth to Seventh— Alva B. Clute, basalt
)y private contract. -■ '
Bay View Tract— Bay View Land Company, to
illminate from map certain streets.
Prospect, Cdso to Emeralda— B. Dobson, for
ilxty days' extension on trradins.
Golden Gate avenue, .Van Ness avenue—Mer
:hunts' Association lor rehearing of order declar
ng boulevards.
Serpentine and Serpentine place — Property- |
mners for resradinsr. sewering, etc. '
Twenty-second. Fair Oaks to Dolores— J. M.
shotwell, to lay nine feet stone sidewalks.
Clipper, Diamond •to Douglass— Property-own
)rs for examination of work done.
Page, - Broderick to Baker— John Sroufe, to re
am plank sidewalks.
Union, Franklin to cough— B. Clute. that.
Superintendent of (Streets make contract with him
or paving. • . -
Seventeenth. < astro to Douglass— Property
iwnera, stone sidewalks.
KiKhteenth. Dolores co Sanchez— A. B. Spreckels,
extension in paving.
First avenue and Clement— Williams, Belser &
:0., for release from contract on sewer.
Scott, Fell to Oak— S. J. Ailen, for lifteen days'
ime to lay sidewalk.
Hickory, Laguna to Buchanan— Charles Calla
lan. paving.
Wetmore, Clay to Washington— Hiram B. Crock,
to plank roadway.
Golden Gate avenue— Dairymen's Union, that
>r ler declaring boulevard be reconsidered.
Stanyan, Hayes to Fell— Property-owners for
tewer.
stanvau. Haieht to Fell— Sewer.
Essex place, oft' Essex street— Property-owners,
o omit from map. :-
Geary street, 1609— s ! dewa'k.
Jackson aud Lagunu— Bertha and M. H. Hecht, I
.0 lay stone sidewalk.
Church, Seventeenth to Klghteenth— Williams,
Belser <£ Co , to construct sewer.
Golden Gate' avenue— Property-owners, asking
:hat order declaring it a boulevard be repealed.
PETITIONS REFKRRKU TO THK JUDICIARY COM
MITTKK.
Sunny Dale Tract— 'lo omit from the map, ex
cept Sunny Dale avenue.
Locust avenue— Through \V. A. block 152, from
John 11. Mctiinney, to omit from map.
iTKKET WOUK BKCOMMK.NUED BY SUPERIN
TEN DENT OF BTRKKTS.
Collinciwood, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Granite
; - ufl;s, bitumen.
("ollingwood, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Bitumen.
Chattanooga and Twenty-second crossing-
Bitumen.
Church, Twenty-second to Twenty-third— Plank
sidewalks.
Filbert, Hyde to Leavenworth— Basalt blocks,
etc.
Filbert, east of Hyde 20614 feet— Bitumen.
Filbert, from J.eavemvorth to 206.i feet of
Cobbles.
Greenwich, Leavenworth to Hyde— Graded.
Thirteenth, Sanchez to No-S tone sidewalks on
sourh side. •• •, • ■ ■
Van Ness, Green to Union— Stone sidewalks.
York, Twenty-first to Twenty-second— Bitumen.
Sacramento, StocKton to Powell— Stone side
walks on south side.
Green, Poik to Van Ness— Basalt.
HalKhtaml Clayton, northerly crossing— 12-inch
sewer, 10-inch sewer, 14-inch sewer, manhole,
stone sidewalks, corners, etc.
Uaight, Clayton to Ashbury— lo-inch sewer,
manholes, etc.
Ashbury, Waller to Frederick— Stone sidewalks. ]
CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE ■ RECOMMESDED BY j
BUPERISTKKUENT OF BTBEKTS.
Market and Noe crossing— Ultumen.
FULL ACCEPTANCES KF.COMMENDED BY BUrEB
INTKNIM'NT OK STKKKTS.
Fell, Clayton to Cole— Bitumen. .
Fell, Cole 10 Shrader— Him men
Fell, Hhrader to Stanyan— Bitumen.
Laurel, Sacramento to California— Bitumen.
Webster. Oak in Page— Bitumen.
Fell and Cole Intersection— Bitumen.
Fell and Shrader intersection— Bitumen.
PROPOSAL HKCOMMKXDKD TO BK RKADVKRTISKD.
Montgomery avenue, Bay to N'orih Point— Grad- |
Ing, etc.
EXTENSIONS BECOMMKNDKTt BY BUPEBIN- !
TENDENT OF STBEETS.
Twenty-second, Mississippi to Pennsylvania-
Grading, 120 days.
Twenty-second, Pennsylvania to Indiana—Grad
ing. 120 days.
Mariposa, Pennsylvania to Indiana— Grading,
120 days.
Baker, Beach to Tonquin— Grading, 90 days.
Tonquln— Broderick to Baker— Grading, etc., 90 1
days.
Thirteenth and Clement— Sewer, etc., 60 days.
Hayes and Scott c rosy — Paving, etc., 60 days.
N south, Fifteenth to Nineteenth avenues
South— Grading, etc., 90 days.
Across Presidio Reservation— Sewer, 90 days.
Scott, Fultor: to Grove — Paving, etc.
Scott, Haves 10 Grove— Paving, etc.
Scott and Grove Intersection—Paving, etc.
Street Committee Report.
• Webster. Putter to Post— ln favor of stone side- |
walks if completed 111 thirty days.
Union, Scott to Devisadero— Stone sidewalks, in ;
favor of postponing for six months.
Fifth avenue, I'oint Lobos to A— ln favor of !
slopping further work.
' Twenty-first, Hampshire to Potrero avenue — In
favor of granting permission for 8 inch sewer
whole length of block.
PETITIONS REPORTED FAVORABLY.
Street contractors (filed May 25) for reconsidera
tion of action prohibiting granting of permits to
property-owners to lay basalt or bitumen, etc.
Twentieth, Howard to Shotwell— Property-own- ]
em requesting construction of sewer be deferred.
Chattanooga, Twenty -fourth to Jersey— Stone j
sidewalks.
Fifth avenue. Point Lobos to Fulton— Property- j
owners for cancellation of paving.
Mission. Pope to Ottawa— Property-owners for j
sewer, (erred to Superintendent of Streets.
I, twelfth to Thirteenth— in favor of grading ■
and referring to Superintendent of streets.
Twenty-second and Chattanooga crossing— Prop- \
erly owners for bitumen, stone sidewalks, etc. '
In favor of directing Superintendent of Streets to
start paving way.
Eighteenth and Church crossing — Grade be
raised.
PBOTEST FAVORED.
Bay, Van Ness to Franklin— Property-owners, '
paving.
PROTESTS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Tenth avenue. H to I— Grading.
Thlr.eenth avenue, II to I— Gnidin?.
H. Tenth to Eleventh avenues— Grading.
Twenty-second, Dolores to Fair Oaks— Stone j
sidewalks. IBii Wll
Fell to Fillmore crossing— Paving, etc.
I Aim in. rd and Scott crossing— Paving street.
Formation of district to in- assessed for grading
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard.
Lombard and Devlsudero crossing— Paving.
PLACED ON FILE.
Randall. Chenery to Mission— Communication |
from Board of Health recommending sewer.
California and Walnut — <ewer outlet complaint.
Van Ness Lombard to Bay— Grades; recommen- i
dation from Colonel Kimbail, United states army. |
Folnom, Thirteenth to Fourteenth— That grade I
be allowed to remain.
Van Ness, Lombard to Bay— Petition from prop
erty-owners for opening and xradini;.
Petition of Williams Asphalium Company for i
new section to order prescribing rules for paving ;
material, etc.
Cherry, Washington to Clay— protest.
Scott. Thirteenth to Waller— Paving protest.
Haight, stanyan to Slimier — Protest of Market
stre«*t Railway Company. All persons must be
given permission free to connect with sewer.
BARBED FOR SIX MONTHS.
Lombard, Scott to Deviiuvlero— Paving.
Lombard, Deviswlero to Broderlck— Paving.
BAZAAR AND TEA
To Be Given by Orintla Parlor, N'atlve
Daughter*.
Orinda Parlor No. 56, N. D. G. W., will,
next Friday afternoon and evening, givs
a bazaar and tea at the residence of Mrs.
Lena Mills, 1700 Broadway, the proceeds
of which will go to what they term the
flag fund. It is the intention of this par
lor at some future date to purchase an ele
gant silk flag, and by giving the bazaar
they expect to realize a large amount for
the pnrj>ose. In conjunction with it the
Native Daughters have arranged a mu
seum as a si'le show with some interesting
living pictures, etc., admission to be gained
for a small amount. A select programme
will also be rendered during the evening.
Mary Lswton's Property.
0. D. dishing has applied for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Mary E. Lawton,
who was burned to death on Saturday last.
The property is worth about 5*5000.
— — — ■ — — . ,
NEW TO-DAT.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALK STREET.
D P. D COMPOSITION AND
I ■ « D. GRAVEL ROOFING.
Parafilne Faint Co., 116 Battery Street.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stone work. Bituminous Paving
. 'SidewalKS, Driveways, Cellan, Etc.
- 184 SANSOMK STREET. BOOM 2.
Yard— S. \\. corner llarnsou and Kigbth streets.
' NEW TO-DAY.'
TELEPHONE 1753.
CHARLES M. DEPEW
PLANING MILL COMPANY.
GENERAL MILL WORK. SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing and Resawlngr.
OFFICE AND FACTORY,
229-233 B^rrv St , Bet. 4 h and sth.
Box 19. Builders' Exchange, S. F.
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON.
tiIMPMY i< III! MI! Searchers
SMH i>V.l «. iTllLli ill, ofß63ord3
Branch Office, N\V. cor. McAllister and Lariclu.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. -San Francisco
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 4.".. Fifth Floor, .'Hills Building.
Telephone Slain 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DTJTARD 1! .I. W. McDONALD, Pres
C. B. STUNK | 2 W. K. DENNISON, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP Lfi COL. J. 11. MK.N'DKI.U
J.W. McDONALD |'- Corps of Enßineer*. U.S.A.
W.K. DENNISONJS (Retired),
Consulting Enoixekr.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
Kin? City, Monterey Co.. Railway Construction.
BITUJIE.Ti HUES. Wli.trvis. J*-ttiea and
DIHjIM IttlilfcX Sea Walls.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Beforo purchasing. Property which does not
have a perfect title is a bad investment. A
policy of insurance in th'}
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE'
AM) TRUST COMPANY
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE,
And secures the purchaser ngainst all lost
and damages incident to record defects.
The Company lias a paid up cash capital ol
$'..•50,000 and a cush reserve fund of $25,000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MO.NEYLOANKDon real estate at cur-
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract plaal
west of the Rocky Mountains.
OFFICE-MILLS BUiLDINQ-
OFFICKRS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins, J. S. Severance,"
N. T. Smith.
A. C. ISitKM'tt President
.1. 11. Swift Vice-rresideiit
F. C. Lewis Secretary
PACIFIC B.4\L\G COMPANY
(Incorporated 1887),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
Santa Cruz and San Luis Obispo Jiitu-
in otis Rock l'"«ir Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE-Rooms 100 and 108 Phelan
Building. Telephone— Main <>56.
GRAY BROS,
Concrete and Art Stone Wort
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
802 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING.
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STF.INER AXD WALLER STS.,
Telephone 'West 14.
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. f ft\TR Jf.TAR^
Telephone, Main 1202. VV 1 111 V 1 Vll>s,
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, south 161.
Bay and Laguna sta.
Telephone, Wos: 789.
San Kruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 belli.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE >£3i.
OMPANY. "/O 5
« Artificial stone Pavements, Foundations,
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work.
14 POST ST. Telephone Main 110.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
JOHN TUTTLE,
Telephone West 583. t 516 Halgttt St
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Paints. Varnishes, Nevada Compound, etc
33 SP£AU ST. Telephone 6320.
PO p BUILDING
n « Pi PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
nor DDnnriMf! GLADO|NQMcBEANSCO
r in L r nUuP 1358-I3SO MARKET ST.
nnUnU DDIPIf CLADDING.McBEAN&CO.
nUIrIMN DHll#n iasa-1360 market st.
C. B. EAGER, . E. P. GRAY
President. Secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing, Cement, Gravel, Etc.
Office— 4o4 Seventeenth Street. Barns— s33 and
535 Seventeenth Street, Telephone Mission 188.
President and Secretary's Office— 6s9 Market
Street, Room IS. Telephone Main 6780.
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO. \
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing: and Paving
Pitch. Roof Faints, Roofing: Felt.
Felt, Pit' and Gravel Roofs as put on by us are
the standard roofs for business buildings In the '
most progressive cities of the Kastern .States. The
quality of our work is unexcelled anywhere. .
FLINN & TREACY.
ART -- STONE -SIDEWALKS - AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
301 MONTQOMBRYST. I
NEW TO-DAY.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' OF THE
AMERICAN
Fire Insurance Crapy
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1895. and for the yearendlng on that day, as ■
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
us per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital stock, paid up in
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. ~"~
Real Estate owned by Company ... $255,014 31
Loans on Bond aud Mortgage 1,101,254 IS
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and >
Bonds owned by Company 789,916 65
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 65,200 00
Cash in Company's Ofllce 11,552 8-1
Cash in Banks 75,383 75
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 524 90
Interest, due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 21,695 79
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 91.616 51
Rents due and accrued 1.105 65
Ground ltents well secured 6,320 00
Total assets $2,409,584 53
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $19,556 07
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 122,549 85
Losses resisted, including expenses. 28,1-8 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, $957,-
-219 08, reinsurance 50 per cent. 478,609 54
Gross premiums on Fire tllska run-
ning more than one year. ?890,-
-217. 11, reinsurance pro rata 374,248 41
Amount ruclaluinble by the insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance
policies 663,632 17
Commissions and Brokerage due and
; to become due 13,742 41
Total liabilities $1,600,466 64
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. $1,184,164 07
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 59,485 06
Received tor Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Mocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 41,077 66
Received for net Perpetual Pre-
- miums 5,192 92
Received from all other aourcas 8,921 05
Total income. $1,298.840 78
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $206,392 31 losses of
previous years) 8826,672 70
Dividend^ to Stockholders 27,500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 213,185 64
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for otlicers, clerks, etc... 103,780 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 32,093 97
All other Payments and expendi-
tures 100,993 06
Total expenditures $1,304,195 37
Fire Losses incurred
during the year $790,514 50
BISKS AND PBK- j
mums . I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written dur-
ing the year ! $114,799,046 $1,460,028 76
Net amount of
Risks expired dur- !
ing the year 126,392,100 1,637,226 87
Net amount In]
force December
31, 1895 i 146,568,897; 1,847,436 19
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHARD MARIS, secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day
of January, 189t>.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-9 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fire ail Life Insurance Company
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of th- State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litital Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip
incash $533,333 83
ASSETS. ,',
Real estate owned by company $742,533 33
Loans on bond and mortgage 1,999,944 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
Donds owned by company 1,607,348 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 752,553 4S
Cash in company's ofllce ..'. ' 3.682 32
Cash in banks 230,666 67
Interest due aud accrued on all
stocks and loans 59,466 78
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 39.204 64
Bills receivable, no', matured, taken
for tire and marine risks 148,692 £3
Due from other companies 218,363 73
Total assets 802, 458 88
-,;;- -' ;.-■■:: .■ . . ■
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense $93,333 85
Gross premiums on fire risks run-")
ning one year or less, reinsur- j
ance 50 per cent I ,, 4nn , a
Gross premiums on fire risks run- f *^»»"« o»
nlng more than one year, rein- 1
Burance pro rata J
Liability under life department.. .. 3,818,829 01
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 6,652 80
All other demands against the com-
pany ' 228,235 41
Total liabilities $4,568,451 18
INCOME. ■--
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums 1,169, 19
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 414,389 65
Received for life Insurance pre-
miums 659.947 39
Total income. $2,143,662 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $583,502 59
Dividends to stockholders. 32,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 315,049 64
Paid for salaries, fees and other . ■
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 157,556 59
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,035,982 67
Total expenditures 1 24.091 49
risks a premiums. ; Fire Risks. Premiums..
Net amount of risks
written during the
year.. ; $363,521,590 ?1. 859, 334 51
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year. ' 171,674,582 747,924 81
Net amount In t ree
December 31,1895. 161,354,999 421.400 58
T. ED LEVISSOX, Vice- President.
M. OLBKRs. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Bth day
of April, 1896. ■ .
GUDM. AKERMARK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
4 07-409 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FKANCISCO.
C3C3>S2\<EOaF»OIjX I I I^3L3>a-,
Opposite 0. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., >-e»i
trancisco, Cal.— The mo select family hotel 11
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 5 J pa;
Cay, according to room. .Meal* 25c. Uooau, ojj
and 750 a day. .fc'ree ooacti to and from tua &ot«i,
look for the coacu twart nz ma nama of las Co*>
Uojxmtfta Howl W4L XAUZX, i'wiir.siji,
910
THEY CAN'T AGREE
0N A REFEREE.
Corbett Wants Alva King
and the Sharkey People
Hiram Cook.
TWO CONFERENCES HELD
Denver Ed Smith Challenges
Corbett to Fight in
South Africa.
THE CHAMPION LAUGHS AT IT.
Another Conference Will Be He 1 d
To-Day on Referee— How
the Pools Sell.
Not more adorned than Adam under
the blossoms of the Garden of Eden, Tom
Sharkey, in the pink of condition, climbed
into pink silk lingerie after his bath and
ruD down yesterday afternoon in Oakland.
He strips a muscular wonder.
The few friends who were gathered
around him in the dressing apartments of
the Acme Athletic Club were inclined to
josh the sailor lad on his elegant under
wear. This was said in piain words:
"Get onto the drawers!"
SiiarKey is no marine at repartee. He
got back at them quickly and in these
words:
"Nothing is too good for the Irish. I'Jl
buy a suit of another color next Wednes
day night after I meet Corbett."
Sharkey is easing up in his work. Yes
terday he put in only about an hour, and
took an unusually good rub down at the
hands of his trainer, Needliam, and an
assistant. He will train a little to-day,
but on Wednesday, on the eve of battle,
he will not do any hard work at all. Need
ham says that on Wednesday Sharkey
will take a short walk to Keep himself
limbered up and the bellows of his lungs
in good order. The remainder of the day
he will rest. He weighed 177 pounds yes
terday. He will weigh in for the fight at
177 or 17*. He will wear green trunks and
the red, white and b\\w in the ring.
When asked yesterday what line of at
tack or battle he anticipated from Corbett,
be said:
I do not know what he is going to do.
anct I do riot know what I'll do till I get
into the ring. A man in the ring never
knows till he gets there. The training is
about over now, and you can depend on
this— I'll do some of the lighting. 1 never
feit better in my life or in better condition,
and if I am licked it will not be from lack
of condition. What's more, i'li stay the
four rounds all right."
"Will you put up any money?"
•'Sure." 1 do not know how much. 1
can't tell till the betting opens, but I'll
stand to win or lose quite a roll."
Not desirine to put his enemy ia posses
sion of his plan of battle, Sharkey re
fused to say what tactics he expects to
pursue. This much is certain, that the
big crowd ai MeohaiiicV Pavilion to-mor
row nijht will --cc in the sailor lad a twen
nr-year-old lit to make the battle of
bis life, and he realizes his opportunity.
That portion of the usual programme of
training for pugilists which has been
neglected or omitted most by Needham
and his charge is sparring. The most of
the work has been in punching the bag,
skipping the rope, tossing the big, heavy
medicine ball and laboring at the wrist
and back machines.
If tbis fact signifies anything it means
that .Sharkey will not attempt a scientific
sparring-match with the scientific world's
champion, but will, on the other hand, de
vote his attention to defense, and putting
up that kind of a defence which will best
enable him to stay four rounds.
At the same time it must be remem
bered that he says he does not intend to
run away, but means to do some of the
fighting. He has a right-hand swine and
an upper cut that pleases even himself, for
while bombarding the bag he has been
jioticed time and again to smile to uimself
at the way he does. Sharkey says: "If I
hit Corbett he'll go down like the rest of
them."
The champion pugilist of the world is
training riclit up to date at the Olympic
Athletic Club. He worked pretty hard
yesterday, perhaps harder than ever. Ibis
fact may mean either that Corbett is de
termined to put Sharkey to sleep in one
round, or that he is beginning to realize
that he may have more of a contract on
his hands than he first understood. The
champion is in fairly good shape, and if
he makes the battle that his friends Know
he is capable of making, their money says
that the sailor lad will not last long."
It will all be over in about fifteen min
utes anyhow. From the rate at which re
served seats are going people will spend
about $20,000 to see a fifteen-minute show,
and under any condition Corbett will get
half the money.
This is a rapid ase; anything over $600
a minute is making money with some
speed.
Corbett has a system of training of his
own. It differs from that of most other
gladiators of the ring. It has been the rule
with him, even in finish fights, to work as
hard as ever on the day of the fight. The
fact that he kept right up to the scratch
yesterday points out that he will continue
at it up to and including Wednesday.
Corbett had a good deal of sparring
exercise yesterday — more than usual. He
kept two men busy defending themselves
and gasping for breath. He sparred with
Hislop ami George Green. "Young Cor
bett." The former is a h<>avy- weight spar
ring celebrity of the Olympic Club. He
made Corbett keep his fists up all the
time and made a good showing. Green
went at the champion hammer and tongs,
but Corbett managed to remain on his
feet. Green takes advantage of the oppor
tunity and is learning something.
There was the usual game of handball.
It was a very lively one. and was played by
Corbett and Harlo against Hampton and
Pookwitc The champion and his partner
were not in it yesterday at this game.
They were beaten two out of three.
The public betting will open to-morrow,
and possibly it may begin to-night. Cor-
Lett is the favorite on this side of the bay,
but most if not all of the Oakland ruoney
will go up on Sharkey. Hundreds have
been admitted to see him train, and
he is a favorite over there on the four
round proposition.
The sale of general admission, or gallery
<-f-ats, will open the night of the contest at
the Dox-offive.
The representatives of the principals in
the Mechanics' Pavilion pugilist event
have met on the subject of the ref'-ree and
had a conference. In fact, they had two
conferences, and without result.
A -nag has been struck on the question
of who shall decide the bout, and the ap
]. i. -trances ar^tbat it will require a good
(!f-al ot jawbone to remove it. A great
deal of jawbone was used yesterday after
linen, Lacked by some stubbornness on
each side.
In the afternoon the name of AI"X Greg
gains was proposed for referee. There was
some objection to tbis from both sides,
and after the mere mention of two or
three other names the meeting broke up.
In the evening another meeting was
held in Corutu a saloon on Ellis
street, at which the champion and his
brother Harry were present.
Alva King was proposed by the Corbett
people for referee, and Dan Lynch and
his adherents suggested Hiram Cook.
They said Mr. Cook was acceptable to
them, and they thought his standing in
sporting circles ousrht to make him ac
ceptable to Corbett.
But the champion and his friends ob
jected to Cook and stuck to King. Cor
bett does not want Cook because he called
the Corbett-Jackson tutu a draw when
Corbett thought he should have had the
decision.
On the other hand the Sharkey people
will not agree to King when such men as
Cook may be had, and there you are.
Another conference will be held to-day.
If the principals can reach no agreement
the choice of a referee will, under the ar
ticles of agreement, fall to the National
Athletic Club.
At the pool celling last night the money
offered was $10 to $7 on Corbett and
Sharkev, and $1U to $8 on Smith ana Davis.
DENVER ED COMES ALONG.
He Challenges Corbett to Fiffht In
South Africa.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 22.—"Den
ver" Ed Smith looms as the unknown
whom J. Hildebrandt of Johannesburg,
South Africa, will back against Corbett or
Fitzsimmons to fight for the champion
ship of the world. Hildebranat and Smith
were at the Police Gazette office to-day,
and authorized the following telegram to
be sent to Corbett, who is now in San
Francisco:
"Will you fight Denver Ed Smith, bare
knuckles, London prize-ring rules, for the
championship of the world and $10,000 a
side in South Africa. Name date your
self. .Hildebrandt posted $10,000. Fight
guaranteed. Richard K. Fox."
Smith said it was his intention to chal
lenge Fitzsimmons if Corbett refused and
if the Australian refused to meet him he
would claim the championship and defend
it against any man in the world.
When seen last nicht about Richard K.
Fox's telegram Corbett said that the chal
lenge of "Denver" Ed Smith is too silly to
talk about.
"The idea of my going to South Africa
to fight a man who has been defeated
asain and again is absurd.
"Of course, I am the champion and
every man will challenge me. Please tell
the press that I consider this challenge too
absurd to talk about."
PATRIOTISM AT SCHOOL
Stirring Closing Exercises Held
at the Horace
Mann.
The Programme Included Many Loyal
Numbers — List of 1896
Graduates.
The closing exercises of Horace Mann
Evening School (principal, J. Dwyer) were
held in the hall of th- school Friday,
June 19. The hail was packed to suffoca
tion. Director H. C. Henderson presided.
The following programme was well per
formed:
Prologue, by Ethel G. Farley; piano solo,
"Mount Vernon Bells." Alice Dwyer; recita
tion. '-Heart of Bruce," Fred Juillerat; song,
"Ked, White and Blue," by the class. Discus
i-ion, "Resolved, That the United States Govern
ment should own an^l cotrol the railroads of
the country": affirmative — William Hassel
brock, Lizzie Wheeler; negative — A. J. Each us
H. Epstein. Recitation, "Asleep at the
Switch." Ethel G. Farley; instrumental trio,
'.Scotch Melodies," J. Clark. B. Himminera and
H. Immont; piano solo, '-Und.-r the Poublo
Eagle," A. H. Schuh; recitation, -'A Plea for
the Oppressed," H. Epstein; song, by four
girls presentation ot medals and diplomas;
song, '-America."
Following are the names of graduates
of 1896:
Commercial class— Anna L. Byrnes, Annie
Bennett, Harry Brownricg, Harry Pumont,
John Damon t, Charles D<«lrls, A. J. Efidius,
William Hasseibrock, Bernard llimminga,
Samuel Hammond, Henry Hortsmuu, Esther
W. Noian, Lizzie Wheeler.
Ninth grade — Henry Bahlmann, Robert
Brnwnrigg, Charles Cheney, L^wis Cheney,
Raymond Colvin, Joseph Colvin, Anna T.
Coieman, Belle Forsyth, Ethel G. Farley, Fred
Juillerat, Palmer A. Johnson, John M. Kelly,
Henry Luhrs, Arthur Lord, Lizzie Mullane,
Walter McLean, Charles Rousseau, Lawrence
Richardson, Frank Staud, Willie Salmon, C. C.
Upham.
Medals were awarded to Palmer A.
Johnson, Anna T. Coieman and Charles
J. Rousseau.
North Cosmopolitan.
The following are the graduates of
North Cosmopolitan Grammar School
June 19, 1896:
Boys— William Ahreng (honorary}, Ulrich
Asman, Frederico Bacigalupi, Franklin Foye
(honorary), Robert Glenson (honorary), Ed
ward Ke.irny (honorary), Harry Levy', Hugh
j McKevitt, Frank Pinaglia (honorary). "
North Cosmopolitan medal— No. 1, Frank
Pinaglia.
Bridge medals — Edward Kearny, Robert
Gleason.
Graduates of the North Cosmopolitan
Grammar School June 19, 1896:
Girls— Alice Cameto, Mary Cuneo, Emeline
Frey (honorary), Lillie K.ich (honorary}, Hilde
garie Lomler, Julia Mitropolsky, Margaret
PoW'T, Silvia Scalmanini, Annie Seeder, Elsie
Schwartz (honorary), Velosta Wassku (honor
ary), Evelyn Wyatt.
School medals — Etneline Frey, Lillie Koch.
Deaman medal— Emeline Frey.
AT ST. ROSE'S.
Successful < ommencement Exercises
Held— The Graduates.
The commencement exercises of St.
Rose's Academy were held on the 12th of
June in the convent hall. The hall was
artistically decorated and was crowded
with the admiring parents and friends of
the pupils. The following programme
was rendered :
Chorns, "The new Columbia," Minims;
piano quartet, "Bridal Bells," Miss A. Nippert,
Miss L. Whelan, Miss L. Rog=, Miss L. Fitzsim
nions; recitation, "The Midnight Mass," Miss
Mary Welsh; vocal solo, "Leaf from the
Spray," Miss Katherine Carroll; chorus,
"Night Sinks on the Wave." the vocal class;
essay, "Literature" (Miss L. Ross), read by Miss
Clancy; vocnl trio, "Youth, Joy and Hope,"
Miss K. Carroll, Miss M. Landry, Miss L.
Whelan; piano quartet, "Lucrezia Borgia,"
Misr L. Eltnimous. Miss A. Ross, Miss O.
Sartnon, Mi«s T. Wilson; chorus, "Vale of
Rest," vocal class; piano quartet, "Tripping
Ti'.ro' the Heather," MissL. Ross, Miss A. Ross,
Miss L. Fitzsimons, Miss L. Wilson.
Then followed the presentation of medals
and diplomas to the following graduates:
Miss Katharine Carroll, Miss Elizabeth
Ross and Miss Amabel Nippert.
ANOTHER BARBERS' UNION.
This Makes the Fifth of Its Kind In
This City.
The Barber?' Association of the Pacific
Coast was organized last evening at 325
Grant avenue and the following officers
were elected for the first term: President,
Charles Pteffer; vice-president, H. Sebert,
trea-urer, Gus Munty; recording secre
tary, Ralph ScnrDeder; employment sec
retary, S. Fuchs; sergeant-at-arms, B.
Padrbnee; trustees — H. WenKe, v. B.
Smith, L. Calfesh.
The meetings of the association will be
held the fir&t -Monday of each month. Be
ing non-poHtif-al the objocts of the asso
ciation are for social and employment
benefits. A nance and entertainment will
be held each month.
Insolvency Canes.
August Bacigalupi, 318 Washington street,
is insolvent. He owes $040 71 and has assets
of $143 21.
E. W. W. Este. 8 McClelland street, owes
$2002 30 and has no available assets.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 15 Uraut avenue.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
KATIE KEENAN
WAS MURDERED,
The Autopsy Held by Dr.
Barrett Reveals This
Fact.
HAD MANY ASSOCIATES.
But None of Them Has as Vi
Been Apprehended by the
Police.
ARREST OF MRS.
She Is the Woman Supposed to Have
Attended the Girl During Her
Last Illness.
The autopsy performed by Dr. Barrett
on the remains of Katie Keenan showed
that the woman died as the result of a
criminal operation.
It. had been evident to her friends for
some time past that she was in a delicate
condition. She was living with her mother
at bb\\i Stevenson street until she disap
peared four days ago, when she took ud
quarters with her friend, Mrs. E. Mc-
Carthy, at 26 Caroline street.
Mrs. McCarthy acted the part of a friend
who did all she could to assist the sufferer,
and when she began to fear that the end
was at hami she called In Dr. Henry ±5. A.
Kuyeler. The latter arrived prior to the
death of the woman and could do nothing
to help her. She was unconscious and
could make no statement.
The Coroner took charge of the remains,
and when Dr. Barrett concluded his ex
amination the police set out to arrest the
men and women who have been identi
fied as closely connected with the case.
Mrs. McCarthy's statement to Captain
Lees was such that she was not detained
longer than was necessary to take down
her declaration.
The accoucheuse, Mrs. Balckwell, 60
Morris avenue, however, was treated
otherwise. She was placed in charge of
the police matron, and ihe charge of mur
der may be placed at any moment against
her name on the City Prison register.
Mrs. Balckwell refused to make any
statement when seen yesterday, neither
affirming nor denying that she had at
tended the dead woman. She acknowl
edged, however, that she knew the girl,
who had been introduced to her by a lady
"whose name has been published in the
papers." As the only other woman's
name besides Balckwell and Keenan pub
lished is that of Mrs. McCarthy, it is to be
presumed that it is this iady to whom she
alludes. The latter, however, does not
know the accoucheuse, so she says, and
only took in her sick friend as a mere act
of charity.
The unfortunate dead woman lived with
her heartbroken mother off and on at her
Sievenson-street home. She worked at
I times in various factories, earninea rather
I precarious living. Her immediate asso
| ciates were men about the factories and
tAre You Weak?
Some Points on the Development of
True Manhood by Electricity-
Reasons Why Dr. Sanden's Elec-
tric Belt Is the Only Sure Remedy
for the Recovery of This Vital
______________________
What a great amount of happiness ie destroyed by this
terrible drain which is called Nervous Debility ! You see the
evidences of it in the faces of more than half the people you
meet.
This great country of ours is a nation of nerves ; nerves
which have been drained of their vital force ; nerves which are
■ trying out for help. And why don't we help them? Why don't
we replace the energy which has been stolen from them ?
Because the medical profession, to whom we always go in
time of sickness, has no menns at hand to restore nerve power
Drugs never build up weak nerves without taking the strength
from other organs of the body.
That don't pay. You might as well be sick one way as
another. If you are going to steal from your kidneys, your liver
and your stomach the energy to give temporary nourishment to
your nerves you'd better better let your nerves suffer and save
your stomach anyway.
"I'm tired of drugging." We hear that remark every day
It's the wail of the nerveless man who has lost all confidence ir.
the old, worn-out system of medicine.
"I was nervous and broken down from debility. Along in the afternoon I would get so
tired and weak that I could not finish my day's work. A month after I began to wear your
Belt my strength had fully returned, and since then I have been as well and strong as ever, in
my life." ed M. PIERCE,
Guadaloupe Dairy, Fifteenth avenue and San Bruno road, San Francisco.
That shows you what Electricity does. Fowler, the noted
phrenologist, says it's the instrumentality of all life.
Dr. Sanden'e Belt is a simple thing. You wear it about
three hours at night. You feel electricity going into your nerves
all the time. You can regulate it yourself ; turn it on mild or
strong. Every minute you soak up nerve power from it.
Even electricity is useless if not intelligently applied. Dr.
Sanden has devoted twenty years to close study of the nerve and
sexual forces, and even if other belts fail his treatment will cure.
Cheap, clumsily m<tde electric belts are like cheap jewelry.
You think you are getting a high-class article at a low price, but
your experience tells you that you pay twice for what you get.
•'I boueh! your Belt January 3 and have used it just a month. Previous to that time I was
so weak that 1 could not work. I commenced to gain in health and strength Immediately
upon application of the Belt, and to-day I ran attend to my business and take my station in
life like a man.. 1 owe it all to your Belt, and take pleasure in recommending it."
C. C. HELTMAN, Santa Barbara, Cal.
A permanent cure is guaranteed or money refunded in all
weaknesses of men. A pocket edition of the celebrated electro-
medical work, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent free,
sealed, by mail, on application. Every young, middle-aged or
old man suffering the slightest weakness should read it It will
point out an EASY, SURE AND SPEEDY WAY TO REGAIN
STRENGTH AND HEALTH WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE
HAS FAILED. Address or call
S--3_._KrX>_E_^_" __li3_CTH.IO CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
-OPPICBS -A.T
LOB ANGELES, CAI* ■ I PORTLAND OR.
•-04 bouth Broadway. | 253 WaThingwi ?£«. :
one Abe Goffinger, a barber on Sixtt;
street.
It is not tnown who is responsible fc
the condition of the srirl, and no arrest
further than here indicated were made
yesterduy afternoon.
Late in the evening Mrs. Balckwell wa>
charged with murder.
NEW TO-DAY.
• Always FIRST > S
{ Gail Borden {
: Eagle Brand I
% CONDENSED fHLK *
• For 35 years the leading brand. It Is the •
• Best and the most economical. 5
% A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS •
•••••••••••••••O««««««««e>
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Bavarian Lloyd Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MUNICH, GERMANY ON TIIK SIST DAY
of December, A. D. 1895, and for the yr»r
ending on that, day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $250,000 00 !
ASBETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company.... $120,916 46
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 2,-50 00
ash MarKet Value of all .-nocks and
Bonds owned by company 138.170 61
Cash in Company's 0111ce.."..: 1,160 00
Cash in Banks 70,607 48
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,258 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 366,542 69
Bills receivable, not Manured, taken
for Fire and Marine Kisks 22,612 62
Total assets $724,508 17
-.lABIXITTKS. ~~~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid ">
Losses in process of Adjustment or I _ D 1 a . n nn
in Suspense r $81,250 00
Losses resisted, including expenses]
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Ulsks, reinsur-
ance 100 per cent 26,235 20
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 73,764 80
All Other Demands Against the Com-
pany 271,855 01
Total liabilities $453,105 01
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Marine
Premiums $594,637 97
.Received for Interest and dividend*
on Bonds, stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 12,948 18
Received from all other sources. 928 61
Total Income $608,414 7ti
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $55 000 losses of pre-
vious years) *406,653 65
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 27,411 67
Pal.l tor Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers. clerks, etc 34,765 61
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 2,177 28
Total expenditures $471,008 11
HANS PABST, President.
MAX VOGEL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 11th
day of April, 1896.
RALPH STEINER, U. 8. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
STEW TO-DAY.
Has Been the Practice of Medicine
and Surgery in San Francisco
by Dr. Sweany. j
THE STORY OF HIS SUCCESS.
The Great Specialist 7 Has Made Life Anew to Thousands and Tens
of Thousands who Had Been Given Up by Other Physi-
cians — His Specialties and Mode of Treatment.
. , _ I As yet no case of failure can be discov-
By his skill and as a specialist Dr. , ered a2ainst him> and such aDility and
Bweany has completely revolutionized the skjll to combat and conquer al | diseases of
practice of medicine and surgery in San men and women have never before been
Francisco. demo rated.
Standing to-day, as he does, far in ad- Tht . Doctor , g are of great vala .
vance of any specialist or medical institu- Rnd . f any Qne thi __ be WQrth mo _ ft thj^
tion in the country, his wonderful success an thin c , 9e lt is certain the services ol
and skill are the outerowth of several con- a competent an d successful physician and
ditions by which alone what he has done ; eclalist wbo never loses sse ht"of a single
in San Francisco could be accomplished. | caße mm & fe<Jt and permanent cure 5s
First, the qualifications with _ which j effected- Thoee who are afflicted should
tnre has endowed, him, as evidenced by , not WMte tlme( money and health dogi
his keen perception into the mysteries of j with cheap treatments, cheap medicines
all diseases with which those who apply and nostrums
to him are afflicted. He is thus enabled
to clearly distinguish the exact character cha . a _ d w wfao
of the complaint and to conceive the ( ftt hJs office Friday afternoon and
proper and most effective kind of treat- ma __ expreBsions of grßt 'itude and praise
ment for its entire cure go o _ dai!y from the poor as well as from
Second he is wholly devoted to his pro- | « hoM whohhea _ c MMm weR fQr vahlable
fession, having no other desire for achieve- | and BUCCe _ B f ß l services rendered As a
ment than to make still grander the corn- | ma Df gwe consci>
plete success which he has thus far at-  . charitable, and as a physician
;...,. . , ..... . , entious and charitable, and as a physician
tamed. His great stability of character, i ....  •- L . _
6 ' * he is thoroughly competent, earnest and
| successful, and any and all persons who
maybe suiTerinc; from any human ailment
/j^r T^^^» whatever will do themselves a great injus-
_«£lj '^^ tice if they do not call upon him, even if
§Mr/ their troubles have resisted all other ef-
Mgju \ forts to cure. He treats' nervous debility
mSKb, __^-___»_. « of ever kind, name and nature far in
RHkM <&7^ £^_~ns_L advance of any other institution in this
V#ra V I He also treats private and chronic dis-
\«J|ajf. C^^«y _[ eases; blood and skin diseases; female
\||^ /^__»____W * complaint^; kidney, bladder, liver, lung,
(fffi • "■■ifcffip^'^'^jfa' fjf- - throat, stomach and heart diseases: piles,
/> fc^/'Kfflfflf JEliifi^'' rupture, hydrocele, varicocele and kindred
*&^MX(&% •/ ' *Sllllliii>i troubles without pain or detention from
*Kf^ I%'cL^W-^^^l^^^^^ business. He addresses himself in par-
J^^^^mf^^^\ Jsis!i&s^ls&§J ! ticnlar to young and middle-agtd men
Sfrftff^flpffifflif^ 1 ilff^"Tiinn j who are suffering from the awful effects of
: early indiscretions, and are thereby nn-
his unceasing study and untiring energy fitted for study, business or the proper
to accomplish that which he sets out to enjoyment of either married or single life,
do. together with many more great and ; I" this distressed condition are many
noble qualities, which one soon recognizes : bri'-ht in"n?nd Yave permit
in him, all serve to advance him in his ted tb^ ir ailrne T nt to run on and on, until
most worthy ambition. finally, with physical and mental powers
Third, his great advantages of study and exhausted, death claimed them. The most
experience in the leading and best col- I obstinate cases of this character the doctor
leges and hospitals in the land, where he ' treats with unfailine success. All he wants
served in all departments, and where his is . a la * r trial to convince the most skepti-
.■■-■_ , ,., , 1 1 j- cal. He uses no mercury or other lnjun-
great natural ability was acknowledged in | QUa dru>;S) and under takes no incurable
all branches as being superior to his quite I cases. The great specialist can be con-
worthy but less successful associates, have ■ suited at his office any day from 9 to 12
all helped to assist him in his work. | a. m. or from 2 to sor 7 to 8 p. m., except
Is it any wonder that, with all these ad- Sundays, when his hours are from 10 to 12
vantages in his favor, natural ability, r-.ty^can't come to Doctor S wean y's
study, experience and a mind devoted to | office sit down and write him your troubles,
his profession Dr. Bweany should have : Treatment by mail is always successful
achieved his enviable reputation for curing and satisfactory. Address
distressing and obstinate cases which have ; C I QWPANV MR "37 Market Street,
been given up as incuraole? il. L. OflLnll I > 1T1.U., g an Francisco,
NEW TO:DAT
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
WNDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AACHENANDMUNICB
FIRE INSURANCE C3MPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPKI.LE, GERMANY, ON
the 31si iay or December, A. I). 1895. and for
the year ending on that <iay, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of ttu- State »f Cali'.ornia,
pursuant to the provisions Ol sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nistied by the Commissioner.
AS KTS.
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Jloml.s owned by Company $599,500 00
Cash in ISanks 19.116 43 !
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 39,708 87 I
Total assets $658,325 30
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Inpald $337 71
Gross premiums on Fir- Risks run-
ning one year or iess $88,580 76,
reinsurance 60 percent 44,290 38
Gross premiums o.i Fire Risks ran*
nine more than one ye«r $45,-
-143 10, reinsurance pro rata 30,309 20
Dae for Reinsurance Premiums and
Sundries 10,262 28
All Other .Demands Against the Com-
pany 9,072 75
Total liabilities. $94,272 3'J
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $90,321 06
Received for interest ana dividends
on Uo.ids, mocks. Loans and from
all other sources 13,750 00
Total income $104,071 06
KXPENDITFRES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losspi
Vi'i. hi :;n,' $3,429 94 losses of pre-
vious years) $27,513 48
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 12,845 27
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges lor officers, cierks, etc 14,149 00
Paid for stale. National and local
■.axes 209 50
All other Payments and Kxpendi-
tures 14,198 97
Total expenditures $68,916 22
Fire losses Incurred dur-
ing ihe year $24,421 25
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $13,880,836 $173,937 42
Net amount of Risks ex-
pired durint; the year. 6,259,634 104,848 47
Net amount in force on
December 31, 1895.. . 11,336,047| 133,723 86
E. K. KKNNKDY, for WKKU & KENNEDY,
Managers.
Subscribed and sworn lo before me. itiis 15th
day of February, 1896. C. F. FIhiIBECK, Notary
Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street. San Francisco.
VOSS, CON RAD & CO.
GENKKAL MANAdERS.
Buy direct from manufacturers and save 40%.
AI|WW PK.IJKSTALS, Mantels,
111 V V lal If.
EllV I A J ' *Hy ' ! "" ~'l":il.-.
Will/* J. & b. ki-m I i i;. I
NEW TO-DAT.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE STATE OF MARY-
land, on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1895,
and for the year ending on that day," as mane to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fo nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner..
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $750,000 00
■
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $575,532 57
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.. 698,255 00
Cash in Company's Office 5.196 M
Cash In Banks.... 92,450 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 48.342 30
lbtal assets. $1,419,776 38
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $22,229 45
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $337,127 30, re-
insurance 50 per cent. 168,563 65
Total liabilities ( $190,793 10
INCOME. ~~~ — —
Net Cash actnally received for
Surety Premium-! $313,093 10
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds stocks, Loans ana
from all other sources 14.885 00
Received for Kents.. . 27,971 49
Received from all other sou. 25,895 59
Total income '. $381,845 18
■j, EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for -surety Losses.. $51,400 04
Dividends to Stockholders 20,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 46,817 99
Paid for salaries, fees and other
eh urges for officers, clerks, etc.. 26,412 93
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 17,151 15
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures..... 49,979 25
'Total ex; endltures $211,76136
Losses Incurred during —__—___
the year $67,30199
RISKS AND PREMIUMS. ' S U , rety „
Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks' •
written during the
year. I $75,133,430 $349,500 47
Net amount of Klsks ! * ' '
expired during the
-.year..... ■ 41,852,031 192,84183
Net amount in force
December 31. 1895... 45,225,849 337,127 HO
S£WJr N WARKIKLD.-.Presldent.
HERMAN B. BOBLKK. Secretary
Subscribed and sworn to before me this «th day
Of January, 189& (i. EVKTT KEAIiDOX.
Commissioner for Calilornia at Baltimore.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
VOSS CON RAD & CO.,
HKSIDKNT MAN'AtiK ,S.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS,. ATTORVEY-AT-
HEW TO«PAT3 ? i jr
stA^ment"
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKFORT
Marine Affluent mi Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY, '
OF FRAXKFORT-ON-THE-MAIN, GER-
many, on the 31st day of December, a. D.
1895, and for the year enain? on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the state
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up „,„„„„„„
in cash „ .$ 312.500 00
ASSKTS.
Real estate owned by company ... 43.750 00
I/>ans on bond and mortgage 604 325 00
Cash market value of at. stocks and
bonds owned by company 135,141 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other mar-
ketab> securities as collateral 675 00
Cash in company's office... 6.5 00
Cash in banks... 128,047 44
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 22,175 53
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 50,224 15
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 153,980 28
Total assets $1,144,840 75
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $125,53100
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks, $ , re-
insurance 100 per cent 23,806 50
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, $ , reinsurance 50 per
cent.. : 22,05925
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 43 75
Pension fund 7,440 16
All other demands against the com-
pany 107,081 12
Liability under accident and plate
glass departments 198.825 42
'iotal liabilities ■ $484.787 20
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for acci-
dent and plate glass premiums $450,817 01
>etcash actually received for marine
premiums 411.99881
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 28,904 10
Received from all other sources 42,376 25
Total Income $934.096 17
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for accident and
plate glass loss's (including $
losses of previous. years) 9 105.505 72
Net amount paid fur marine loss . 308,0ri3 20
Dividends to stockholders 43.750 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 99.792 01
Pail for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 47,001 17
Paid for State, National and lo al
taxes 4.02133
All other payments and expendi-
tures 750 00
Total expenditures $608,913 43
Losses Incurred dur-
ing the year $ $
risks and premiums. Marine Risks Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the :
year $118,235,422 $594,115 48
Net amount of risks:
expired during the
year 70,435,413 366.13306
Net amount in force
December 31, 1895... 2.040.027 45,865 75
F.'GERSON, President.
P. DUMCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day
of April, 1896.
FKAN K. M. MASON, U. S. Consul-GeneraL
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Genera! Managers.
'STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRADERS'
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF CHICAGO, IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,
on the Hist day of December, A. D. 1895. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of ( alifor-
nin, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. ~~ " " '
Real Estate owned by Company $6,312 37
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 223,550 00
Cast, Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned b. Company 1,318,349 55
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 47,500 00
Cash in Company's Office 1,465 05
Cash in Banks 72,351 85
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans 6,862 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 3,929 97
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 52,453 43
Due from other Companies, etc., for
losses paid and premiums ad-
vanced 16,485 10
Total assets $1,747,259 82
LIABILITIES. —
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22,636 16
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 44,546 76
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 21,465 90
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning one year or less, $521,- /
394 23; re-insurance 50 percent. 260,697 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $339,-
-899 12, re-Insurance pro rata 201,306 64
All other demands against the Com-
pany 17,613 34
Total liabilities $568,-65 91
INCOME.
Net Cash actnally received for Fir©
premiums $669,379 93
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages i 14.708 17
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, storks, Loans, and
from a! other sources 56.644 43
Total 1nc0me..... $740,730 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $64,244 34 losses of pre-
vious years) .-. $359,043 23
Dividends to Stockholders: 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerasr- 107.048 10
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 67.612 00
Paid lor State, National and local
taxes 19,162 37
All other payments and expendi-
tures 50,672 08
Total expenditures.. $643,536 78
Losses incurred during ~~
the year (tire) $360,944 60
risks and premiums fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $57,040,874 $833,894 10
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
•year : t9,3Tt,$:G2 / 61, 05S §8
Net amount In force De-
cember3l, 1895 | 61,472,748 911,293 35
E. BUCKINGHAM, President.
R. J. SMITH, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this "«sth da_r
Of February, 1896.
K. S. WHITTLESEY, Notary bile.
TUESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
Oh- TUG
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN UNTIL JUIJUNIUUT.PLAYED POKER
FOR SEVEN HOURS
How " Lucky" Baldwin
Passed His Evenings
at Arcadia.
THE LADIES PLAYED TOO
Ex-Clerk William Peters of the
Oakwood Tells His Little
Tale.
LILLIAN'S MIDNIGHT RIDES.
Returned to the Hotel Alone in a
Cart at Two O'clock in the
Morning.
The Ashiey-Baldwin trial entered upon
its sixth week yesterday in Judge Slack's
courtroom. William Peters, formerly the
clerk of Lawrence's Oakwood Hotel, was j
the only new witness examined. Much of
his testimony, which was in general a rep
etition of what Lawrence had said, was
uninteresting, consisting of a description
of the arrangement of the rooms of the
hotel. His memory was not so good as j
Lawrence's, and in one instance he contra- j
dieted his employer's testimony. Law- j
rence had said that after Baldwin's daugh- J
ter, Mrs. Harold, had found Mis 3 Ashley !
and Falvey together she said she had
"driven them in." Peters was quite posi- j
tive she did not say this.
The famous poker games at the Oakwood
were described at some length by the ex
clerk. Baldwin and his friends, according
10 Peters, used to play steadily, sometimes '.
for seven hours in one night. Even the !
ladies took a hand with "Lucky" at the ;
game, but only in the daytime.
William Peters, who now lives in East
Oakland and is a clerk in the Southern
Pacific Company, was put on the stand, j
In the curly part of* 1893 he was
a clerk at Lawrence's Tallac and i
Oakwood hotels. He had seen Miss
Ashley and been introduced to her
by Mr. Lawrence several days after her |
arrival at the Oakwood. Lawrence had
also introduced her to his sister and Mr.
Baldwin. Peters had never seen Miss
Ashley and Baldwin together except on ;
the croquet grounds.
Peters corroborated much that Hotel- '
keeper Lawrence had testified to. He had
seen Miss Ashley go outriding, sometimes
with her brother and sometimes alone. !
Often she returned with Falvey in his
carriage and her brother brought her horse
back. Tne witness had never seen her
riding alone with anybody but Mr. Falvey.
He remembered that Miss Ashley bad
left the hotel alone one night about 8 1
o'clock in a cart and had returned about 1 ;
or 2 o'clock also alone. During the even- ;
ing her brother was at the hotel and felt
quite baa about his sister being out so ,
late. Peters remembered that Falvey was :
absent from the hotel that evening.
On the evening when Mrs. Harold had 1
found Faivey and Miss Ashley together : (
on the upper veranda of the hotel Peters ,
had seen them coming together out of j
Miss Ashley's room. They then went
downstairs into the sitting-room.
On cross-examination Mr. Crittenden I
went into the details of Peters' family
history.
He was born at Carson City in 1865,
und lived there until about 1870. For the
next fifteen years he had lived ran of the
time at Carson and part at Tahoe. From ;
ISB6 to ISS9 he was in a grocery -store at
Tahoe City. He had been Lawrence's
clerk at the Tallac and Oakwood hotels
from 1639 to 1893 at a salary of $50 a month.
Tnen he came to this CiV and worked as
night clerk at the Baldwin for four or five
months, leaving to accept a position in the :
Southern Pacinc Company at the Oakland !
mole.
Ex-Clerk Peters gave an account of the
famous poker games that Baldwin and
his friends engaged in at the Oakwood.
They played poker about five nights a
week, and the games generally lasted
from 8 or 9 o'clock in the evening to 2 or 3 ;
in the morning. Peters, who acted as ;
barkeeper, took in drinks to the players
ten or a dozen times during the evening.
Ladies also played cards at the hotel, but
never played poker at night. They played ■
whist. Sometimes during the day* how
ever, the ladies played poker with Baldwin !
and his friends.
The witness did not know whether there ;
was a $5, $20, $50. or any limit in the poker
games at the hotel. He knew the game j
well from having seen it played so often,
but declared that he had never played
poker himself.
When the cross-examination was con
tinued in the afternoon Mr. Crittenden
questioned the witness about trie arrange- I
ment of tho rooms at the Oakwood Hotel, j
Peters drew a diagram of the upper floor
and held an inaudible conversation with !
Mr. Crittenden over his drawing, much |
to the discomfiture of the court stenog- j
rapher.
Peters had not reported to Lawrence the ;
fact that he had seen Falvey and Miss
Ashley come out of the latter's room to
gether. He understood the two were |
engaged, so he thought nothing of it. He ■
never asked either party whether tney
' were engaged to each other, but he had I
"joshed 1 ' Falvey about it. The "joshing"
had not been at the request of Baldwin or
anybody else, but in imitation of Hotel
keeper Lawrence.
Mr. Highton again took the witness.
Before he commenced his re-direct examin
ation he bad Peters draw a plan of the
ground floor of the hotel. Another unin
telligible conversation over the drawing
between Attorney Highton and the wit- |
ness drove the stenographer almost to
distraction. ' , ,
When at length Clerk Peters was allowed
to depart Attorney Highton announced
that he would read the depositions of H. j
Li. Chamblin and R. Y. Harline. In an
swer to Mr. Crittenden's objections to the |
admission of the affidavits Attorney
Highton cited a formidable number of ;
cases to support his case. _
Chamblin in his deposition said, in ref- ,
erence to his acquaintance with Miss Ash- j
ley:
'Her first letter said that the had seen a no
tice of my place In a turf paper and that she
had long been anxious to correspond with a
wealthy (Southern bachelor: I to.d her in an-
Fwer that I was not wealthy and did not nil i
the Mil. Her second letter was simply to
thank me for my letter. Some time after that !
she wrote me a third letter from Boston, say- j
ing she had been thrown from a horse arid 1
badly Injured. That was about the last letter ,
I received from ner.
In answer to another interrogatory'
Chamblin deposed:
J met her. as above stated, about one or two
miles from Richmond on the road to my farm.
Hie first told me she was on her way to my ,
place to pay me r short visit, if it was agree- ,
able to me, I told her positively that she must
not go to my place. I picked her up in my
cart and drove her back to the streetcar line
in Manchester, Va., and was in her company |
only ten or fifteen minutes.
In answer to a cross-interrogatory
Chamblin further deposed:
About Fix months ago I received a letter j
from the Mr. Hardin previously mentioned in
my answers herein, In which he said that he
had gor into some trouble with Lillian A. Ash
-1 ■•>-. and asked me if I had any letters sne had
written to me, please send them to iiiia. I re
olied that I did not have any of her letters in
my possession.
The deposition of Clerk Nellie 1. Ben
nett of the Westminster Hotel, Los An
celes, -was read by Attorney Hiehton.
Much of the deposition, being based upon
the hotel records, was stricken out upon
Attorney Crittenden's request. Clerk i
Bennett swore that Miss Ashley had paid
her hotel bill herself.
The commotion going on downstairs in j
the Receiving Hospital by the arrival of |
victims of the Fifth-street accident inter- I
fered somewhat with the prevailing quiet
in the courtroom. Clerk, bailiff and coun
sel kept going in and out, but Attorneys
Crittenden and Highton continued to read
the depositions, make objections and take I
exceptions. The depositions were jum- |
bled and mixed up to suoh an extent that 1
Judge Slack remarked that they had been j
taken in a very slovenly manner.
Detective Wood was recalled to answer
a question by Mr. Crittenden. He
testiliod tnat after his meeting with Bald
win about August 3 or 4 he did not see
him again until the fall of that year when
he met Baldwin at Sheepshead Bay.
Wood was not questioned further and
the court adjourned until 11 o'clock
this morning. Mr. Highton announced
that he would call only one or two more
witnesses, bo the prospects are that the
trial may come to a close by the end of
the week.
CHASED WITH A KNIFE.
Edward Fogarty Gets Thirty Days for
Disturbing the Peace.
Edward Fogarty, 124 years of age, was
sent to the County Jail yesterday for
thirty days by Judge Conlan on the
charge of disturbing the peace.
Fogarty, who lives on Nineteenth street,
near Castro, went home Friday evening
under the influence of drink. He got
ugly and chased his younger brother out
of the house with a batcher knife. Then
he attacked his mother, and a passer-by
ran to her assistance and struck Fogarty
with his cane. Fogarty released his hold
of his mother and made a slash with ihs
butcher knife at the gentleman, cutting
throueh his coat and vest. The gentle
man ran, pursued by Fogarty.
While tne excitement was at its height
Corporal Gleason, who lives in the neigh
borhood, app?ared upon the scene and
arrested Fogarty. The gentleman who
went to the lady's assistance could not be
found, so a charge of disturbing the peace
was entered acainst Fojrarty.
LOS T ON A TECHNICALITY
E. T. Steen's Claim for Nearly
a Half Million of
Dollars.
Judge Seawell Was Reluctant to Decide
as He Did, but Had No
Recourse.
Judge Seawell yesterday decided that
the claim of E. T. Steen, for $465,000, filed
against the estate of Joshua Hendy in
1892, xnust be decided against the plaintiff,
because it Is not supported by affidavit, as
required by section 1494 of the Civil Code.
The suit was first brought by J. \V.
Faulkner, assignee of Steen, but at tho
trial Steen was substituted as plaintiff.
Hendy died in 1391. In 1573 Steen and
Hendy entered into a verbal partnership.
Steen was engaged in tne purchase of
second-hand machinery and Hendy kept
the books. At the request of Steen the
partnership was dissolved in 1881, but no
accounting was ever made.
Judge Seawell, in dismissing the ca«e,
said that he did so with sincere reeret, but
"that, as the claim of the plaintiff was not
presented to the executors of Hendy, 83
■equired by law," he was "compelled to
rive judgment against the plaintiff on this
technical ground."
Vrmy and >"avy llepublican league
Leland btaniora camp .'so. 8 ot tne Army
and Navy Republican League has elected offi
cers rs follows for the ensuing term: M.S.
Blackburn, camp commander; Abraham Eunis,
senior vice-commander; John Hope, junior
vlee-commander; Frank Miller, adjutant ; s. W.
Knowlea, quartermaster ;F. H. Johnson,
of the day ; Geonre M. Pirre, officer of the
guard; Addie L. Ballcu, John Heffernan, M. A.
Borden and Herman Jah_, executive com
mittpe.
• — m •
rhe Insanity Court.
Judge Hebbard yesterday committed Julia
Drew of 704JJ Mission street to Agnews. She
believes that she is dead. Her mania is to
turn on all the water faucets she can reach.
Richard W. Kentzel was committed to the
Ukiah Asylum. He is an electrician and im
agines that everybody in the world owes him
money.
pil!!ll!!lillUllllilllllIil!l!l!iIllI!!il!lt!!l!l!!ll!!ll!!!!ISIiiil!IIII!!!!!!S!llilli|
U A very smooth article*" m 1
| PLUG |
Don't compare "Battle Ax ft |
| with low grade tobaccos — compare 1
j "Battle Ax' with the best on |
| the market, and you will find you =
I get for 10 cents almost twice as 1
| much "Battle Ax tf as you do of j
I other high grade brands* I
SUHHlliillllUlllllllllllUllUllUlUllllllllUllinilllllHlllllllllllllllUlllllfHliß
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
YOUR WEAK SPOT.
If You Do Not Know Where It is You
Should Find Out and Strengthen It.
Where is the weak spot in your system ?
Is it a weakness of the gtomach wiiich causes
Indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, constipa
tion, headaches and backaches, or is it a gen
eral weakness which makes you sufl'er from
tired, languid feelings ?
Wherever or whatever your particular weak
ness may be you can it you will get rid of it
and replace it with health, strength and vigor.
Do you know how ? If not you can profitably
read the following opinions on the subject and
get some valuable information.
Mrs. M. McMahon of 1 Sumpter street, Brook
lyn, says: "I vns formerly much troubled
with indigestion, but have been entirely cured
by using Duffy's pure malt whisKy, which I
can sincerely recommend. It g-ave me relief
■when all other remedies failed. I am still
using it and feel the benefit of it."
Mrs. J. \N'. Connor of Fitchburg, Mass., says:
"1 was in bad health and feeling very misera
ble and low-spi-ited when a friend jtdvised mo
to try Duffy's pure malt whisky. I did so,
and am now feeling stronger, happier and
healthier thßn I have felt in years. It ha 3
worked wondors in my case."
Hundreds of similar opinions could be fur
nished, but the above are quite sufficient to
prove that Daffy's pure malt whisky is un
eqtialed for its stimulating, strengthening ef
fects. Wherever it is taken it searches out the
weak spots in the system and replaces weak
ness with strength. It purifies and quietens
the blood, promotes digestion and makes
sound, healthy flesh. It should be remem
bered, however, that it is not an ordinary
whisky, but is unlike any other. On this ac
count be sure and get only the genuine, and
accept no iufcrior imitation.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT*
BLOCKADE SALE,
LOW PRICES — THAT HEJiCE COM-
PJEI.S US TO SKI. CHEAP.
For nearly a year now Spreckels has maintained
his fence at Third and Market streets, thereby
seriously interfering with our tra'le and our busi- ,
ness lias Buffered in conseqnei In no other city '
of the world would tna! fence be tolerated for that
Length of time, but. we apparently have no redress
and we are compelled to sell our shoes at ruinous
prices to do business. We have', therefore. in-
augurated a Blockade Sale, and durln; such sale
we « i I offer shoes at prices never heard of before j
in this city.
Ladles' Bonet Kid Southern Ties, with brown- ;
cloth tops, pointed toes and tips and turned j
soles, reduced from $2 50 to $1 75: all widths and ■
sizes.
A t " i 4_> ■ 4_ _■
OliZOi
Ladies' Genuine Russet Goat ' Oxfords, ■with (
either I'ointed or -Medium Square Toes and Tips,
Hand-tnrned. Soles, and guaranteed for wear, re- I
duced from $2 to $1 25; all widths and sizes.
%a^%^J¥ OliZJi
Youths' and Boys' Russet Lace Shoes, solid j
wearers and just the thing for summer and vaca- I
tion. They have neat, medium pointed toes and i
tips, and will he sold as follows:
Youths' sizes, 11 to 2 .$1 25 i
Boys' sizes, 2y a to 51/3 $1 35 I
IV| $2,00. :
Ladies' Fine Kid. Cloth-top Lace Shoes, In Rns- i
set or Black, with latest e tyle KajsorToes and Tips, j
good fitters and guaranteed to wear; reduced from i
S'J 50 to -*-'.
Ladles' Extra Quality Button Shoe'?, with Black
Cloth or Kid Tops and Very Pointed Toes and Tips,
Pliable Soles. Reversed Button Files. Circular '
Vamps and Heel Foxlnes; reduced during this
sale to $2: all widths and sizes.
Men's Hlj?h-cut Bicycle shoes; reduced from
$2 SO to $2 15.
Men's Low-cnt Bicycle Shoes; reduced from '
$2 25 to SI 85.
Men's Hnnd-sewed Kangaroo, Lace or Congress;
reduced from *1 to $2 Ho.
jOT Country orders solicited.
AST Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
THE mm
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
i ■*-*• being one of the woxdebs of the world, and
, seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
I well aa those in searcn of health, will be well
; paid by visiting them.
'
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
: A Positive Car* for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
! TERMS »1O TO Sl5 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs S. P. Co. and
S. F. and >*. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to P.ARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, B. F., or
■ Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
PACIFIC COXGRESSSPRWGS.
i THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
LOCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
1 most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No foe, no mo»quitoes; all sunny room*,
with a frontage of 460 feet south.
FUBB SPKINCJor the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATEK of the alkochaly-
beate class; very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by ail leading physicians.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES. ESPECIALLY DE-
, SIGNED FOR HEALTH AND COMFORT.
: ALL modern improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2V* hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
__ • / Ta~ x \ The Beautiful
f"#P ° TEL
. iM'.izidT^'i^iysgto iMJl.il/vil-l.ili
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In tho
■.center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
: ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
I prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
■k| H I I 0\ f\ HOT SPRINGS.
'■_ fl U S% I i 1 - M """' r ">' conn-
IHn n 1 0 U LSEsTndi
. health, rest, pleas-
; ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
, beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
: baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas.
: sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
; Paralso stands unsurpassed In the Mate. Plenty
■ enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
find Townsend streets, Han Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and PostolUce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
1896, address It. ROBERTSON, Manager.
IIPI SODA SPRINGS,
California* Famoin Mountain Spa!
Havk You Bekn Therk Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnsnr-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
1 orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postottice.
1 Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
; swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
; MING TANK. Ait Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' dellgnt; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
WHEN I IK"! AH
VISITI.NO UIV I /A II
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
THIS ISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
I hotel In Uklah, and it is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts anil other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
PLANTATION BOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
OOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
vJT cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LITIRINOEK, s»«view, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE <3t CO., 207 Front st., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
ASTOItG .SPRPJISERAI WATER t .
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:*
1 cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thous nils in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor: Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water.
HAZEL_GLEN.
GOOD PLAIN BOA KD. IN PRIVATE FAM-
-1 Ily five miles -from Cloverdale ;- rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. HOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEALY, 208 Powell st. ■ ; ■ -
HOTEL EASTLAND,
Mill Valley, Marin County, '
VTOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL BUMMER RE-
IN sort. MBS. J. J. LLJLLIiN, Prop,
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
t_i^_k:__ county, CAL.'
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE, i
ciancin?, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like tine bathing, boating, hunting and Baaing!
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over \
j thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest staja
1 route Into Lake County.
All this and more can be bad at Highland
! springs.
New hoteL Finest dining-room north of San
1 Francisco.
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for th« .
: round trip, and the hotel rates are »1 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. l.ailway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIO, Manager.
bau Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go -where monotony is impossible,
\ where you may mingle with the light-
: hearted social throng, or bask in the sun- {
j shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
i Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN K. CHACE. offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in , a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
"Absolutely the finest fishing In the West."—
Forest and Stream.
LAKE TAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER. RESORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open this season. Hotel
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern
improvements. Rates $15 to $21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
I RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Great reductions in fare toiallac this season.
The steamer •' Tallac " carries Its patrons free of
charge to and from all points on Lake Tahoe.
Kound trip ticket irom San Francisco, ORklana,
• v an Jose, Lathropnnd Stockton, sl6; Sacramento.
$13 5O: f-anta liarbnra and I.os Aneeles, $AH 60.
! Buy ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
\ $3 on trip. ■
M. LAWRENCE & CO., proprietors.
' Send for Illustrated circular.
For route and further information inquire Of
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R-, via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Kliru Grove Hotel rates, $8 to $8
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, bend for cir-
cular."
C. I". BURNS, Proprietor.
Cazadero, Cat.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
1,. B. Frasler, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na- !
' ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
i air, coldest water, good shooting: tine trout fish-
; in« near by; regular mall; table supplied with the
, best in the" market: vegetables from our own gar-
; den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
i commodation from 'JO to 30; season opens June 1.
i Distance and fares— Buy round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at otllce of S. F. and N. P. Railroan.
Kail 10 Uklah, thence by Berryhllls popular stage
line via Potter Valley to s*nhedrln. Room and
beard $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per i
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other charges. For further particulars address L.
B. FRASIKR, Sanhedrln, or LACD'S GUN-
: STORE, 9 Third St.. San Francisco.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most picturesque, Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
pillions. Hunting, fishing, boatinz and swimming
' are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
I been opened. The table is supplied with the very
I best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
: fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
! camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
I daily stage from l'ieta and Highland Springy
] Adams, Sel«ler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $5 50; round trip. $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Kelseyvllle, Lake County, Cat.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cat.
IPIIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
-1 lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis: fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to- Bear Val-
ley; postoflice, express, telegraph and llverv at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BE HAND. Proprietor,
s City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. it
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Kesort
j in the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swimming, 'fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Stage at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. si.
VIC PONCELET, Llagas. CaL
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
X Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
Ing and fishing; cottages for families: stage meets
morning train terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINC3KY, Wenwood, Cat
Tlfhen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
{Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention tho CjtJ-U,.
6ILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
.Regain H«;tlth— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Kest, Kefreshruent ami Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Kural Retreat, Where the Adjacent ;
Hills Are Clothed in <.;truientt*
of 3latehle*s Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8 :1S A. M. OR 2:20 P. -M. TRAIN FROM ,
Third and Townsend streets, 3 A hours from '
i ban Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
tiiy !i:as:e connects with train from Third and
Towusead streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SANTA CATALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAH.N'S te'egraph pigeon service daily, con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
XTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL i
J coast excurs mis. tally-ho staging, wild goat j
I hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand ,
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel j
Metropoie now open. Island Villa In July.
For lull information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
'i'2'i South Spring st,, Los Angeles, CaL
' fi IT 1 Finn HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V V I*l' V County, only 4V a hours from
\ft II S-j-3-r San Francisco; but 9 miles ;
II l\ M 1 I II II staging: new road through 1
M II II VI VI K> canyon; new stages; sanitary \
plumblne: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa- |
greeable winds: mosqulios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
A. M. or 3:30 p. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $1-' a week ; baths free.
J. I". MULGREW, Proprietor.
1 -*r*Sh, CAPITOLA.
£$$&$£ vss GEM Resort.
t^-^uT^iiifrj 4 Miles East of)
JinriiTrafi'.jimfgnww Santa Cruz.
t» ini_ll> ii'"-Jr~^? Hotel at water's edge: j
— ilTiiKi I' iJMJUiij in innmhed and partly ;
. ' iT" j furnish* d cottages: tree |
! " — «-> W^ft camp ground; salmon
1 T *< and trout fishing.
;" — — — — — F. REAN'IER. Supt.,
.' Capltola. CaL
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; yj-mlle from i
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser 1
' Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties. \
Table first-class, bend for circulars. ;
go to mm springs,
rn\\'O MILKS FROM HOPLAND. M*;NDOCINO j
1 -L County, lor your health and pleasure. The best |
i medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec- j
trie and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250 1
feet above the valley; line view. Furnished cot- |
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free dus j
to 7:30 train from sail Francisco, and other trains j
when notitied. Terms, *10 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofilce.
CALAVERASJIG TREES, j
The Hotel Situated Bight Among the
Sequoias is Now. Open.
HERE 18 FOUND THE FINEST OF FlSH-
ing. Postoflice and Telephone office.
J. L. SPERRY, Manager.
THOMAS COOK <fe SON, 621 Market street.
i S. F., Agents. !
HARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
TTTiTHITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR- j
• '» bor; the place where you feel at home. Table
first Class. Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle-board, i
! Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish- j
ing ami Hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week. i
j Spec!*! rates for clubs and large families. Round |
trip, 93 73. Baths free to guests.
V FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
! 1
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
PECREATION. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
Ji valids, consisting of large main building, cot-
tagei and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
! Valley. Steam heat,' elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun |
tain walks are among the amusements, "nre
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
EL BONITO HOTEL
VOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX TKB I
1 season : salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: term*
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
_, VIC'S COUNTi*.
I POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
! X year round. Telephone connections. Hound-
! trip tickets' at Southern PaciPc offices, $10; special
conveyance daily. For inforn alion address JOHN j
j SPAULDINO, Selgler Springs, Lake County, CaL.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort In State: 8 different springs: (rood fish-
j ing and hunting; accommodations first-class: rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal.
I
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian P.lver. Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address
JOHN TAYLOR, Manager,
Hilton Postofflce, Sonoma County.
MOUNTAIN SPRING FARM
\\f ILL BK OPEN FOR BOARDERS JUNK 1.
»> Write for particulars \VM. J. ROSS, proprie-
tor, Oakvllle, Napa County, CaL
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains, ■ Board from $7 to $10 a week.
Campers' return ticket, $2 60. Send for circular
to M. S. COX, Laurel, Cal.
SUMMER BOARD AT BUBLIH6AME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA G. HOITT.
1 Holtt's school reopens August 4.
An Easy Trip
Since the new stage arrangements
to get to
/ETNA SPRINGS
Swimming tank, 30x75 feet, filled up with nat-
urally warm jETXA -Mineral Water; tub baths,
hotel, clubhouse, recreation of all kinds.
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena. Stage leaves there at 10 a. m.. stopping
at Angwlns for lunch, but no long waits as in the
past. Returning the stage leaves the .springs at
10 a. m— no getting up at 5 a. m. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, $7. Rates, $10 to $14 a week.
For limber information call at 3AB Battery st.,
san Francisco, or address \V. L. MITCHELL,
manager. Lidell P. 0., >"apa County, Cal.
HOWARD p. I p "«h,
LARK COUNTY.
CHANGED HANDS— RENOVATED AND IM-
V^ proved. Accommodations— Table and service
strictly first class: rates $10, $12: special terms
for families; postotlice and telephone on premises;
round trip $10: tickets at *. P. C'o.'s offices: corre-
spondence invited. Address I' it OF. JULES
HEUGEX, Mmmger.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. ricnATrTS
HUNTING, FISHING, BATHING AND
JJL camping out witn the boys, and never had
such a good time before in my life. Completely
foreot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going into business again. I tell you that is the
pluce to ko to have a real good time and complete
change. For particulars address A. B. MciIATH,
Hull vllle, Cal.
MOUNTAIN SUMMER REPORT; 182 MILES
from San Francisco, via C. P. R. X. ; air and
water cannot be excelled ; particulars and rates on
application. H hits hit A FREEMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco, Placer County, Cal.
fIONTE VISTA.
THE DAILY ARRIVALS AT THIS CHARM-
ing resort of the Sierras remind its friends and
patrons to send promptly for full descriptive cir-
cular to C. K. KIS.NLV, Proprietor, or C. M.
HAZARD, Manager, Dutch Flat Station, Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NfcW MANAGEMENT.
RATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
±\ week: all baths tree.
W. H. HARRON, Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, BiSKIYOO COUNTY, CAL, A
-I J noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
pOSS VALLEY, NKAK SAN RAFAEL; COT-
It tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion; salt water bathing.
■ MRS. I'KTKR SMITH, Manager.
IKIAH STABLES MD STAGE COIPAIY,
\\r H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOODTURN-
" . outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets all
i trains. Daily stage for flue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
' Saratoga .Springs and Upper Lake.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
<T Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, >crofula. Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. For rates and fare apply to
IV. J. O'XKILL, 133 Sixth St.
LAKE TAHOE.
McKINNEY'S.
Most Sheltered Spot on the Lake,
A ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT; LARGE
— V new hotel, just completed; iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-hall and parlors; hot baths.
Free Boats and Free Fishing Tackle.
No rattlesnakes, no poison oak: table excellent:
dairy connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to $12
per week. .Round trip tickets to Tahoe City, $18.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
0 rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dre?» P. O. box 226.
A TTR ACTIVE LOCATION: PLEASANT
.TV rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particular.!
and terms address box 85, Seha-stopol, Sonoma Co.
rro LET FOR SUMMER MONTHS— FUR-
-1 nisbed house near Lcomis, Placer County. Ad-
dress W. DKWfc, Loomis.
TTOTEL DEL JIIAK— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
XL minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; tabla unexcelled; surf bathing: sailing, row-
Ing, fishing; buses meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week: adults. $9 per week; special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
OTEL VICTORIA, SOXORA, CAL,. THE
gem of the mountains, famed for Its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and,
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion bails
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. <).. Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
KYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
would like a few boarders; hew bouse, adjoin-
ing church and Postoflice; good view. For further
particulars address MRS. H. M. CLOUGH, Sky-
land. Santa Cruz County, Cal.
T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImoat.
OROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
It plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
T~ON(J WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
J j send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
YPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM— TA-
_ ble: home comforts. T. H. EP toy. Napa. Cal.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FTRE-PROOF, , 9
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. west,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with laths,
200 suites. 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson River*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L " to 6Cth »t., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard care passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 np. American plan, $3 np. - Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New Vor_. W. JOfiRSON QUJ3W, VV, H
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MM MARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer.
Barley, Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay very weak.
Increased exports of Flour to China.
Beans dull and unchanged.
1 otatoes \v»ak. Onions .cheap.
Vegetables tending downward.
Butter and Cheese easy.
Esgs unchanged.
A car of Eastern Poultry In.
Choice Peaches scarce.
Berries in ample supply.
Citrus Fruits uncnauged.
Dried Apricots lower.
Raw Apricots bring good prices.
Hams higher. Bacon and Lard as before.
Explanation.
Tb" arrow flies with th« wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for th«
lays; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect point* of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coa->t, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in 'h» v:c nity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may he expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WJBATBJEB BI'REAU REPORT.
United States Df.partmknt of Aukictl
ti-rk. WICATHXB Si-beat, San Francisco. June
22, 1896, SP. M. Weather condition^ and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62, Red liluff 100. San Francisco 69,
Fresno 102, San Luis Obispo 76, Los Angeles 82,
San Diego 70. Yunia 108.
San Francisco data Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 52. mean 60.
The pressure is highest .this evening on the
Washington coast and lowest in Southern Cali
fornia and Southwestern Arizona. The pressure
is still increasing over North' Washington and
fallini; in California. Quite well-defined norther
conditions exist In California, which will result in
still warmer weather throughout the interior of
this State during Tuesday and probably Wednes
day.
Forecast made at ?an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, June 23. 1896:
Northern California— Fair, still warmer Tuesday;
fresh to orlsk i:orth«rly winds.
Southern Call torn — Fair Tuesday; fresh to
brisk northerly to westerly winds.
Nevada- Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tie
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday; light
variable winds, shit" inn to brisk westerly in ihe
afternoon. W EL H *mm«>n, Forecast Official.
Nh. W VOIt X MAB KE XS.
Financial.
vpw YORK, N. V.. June 22.— Stocks ruled
weak to-day and a malarial decline in prices was
recorded. News from at>road was anything but
favorable and Included statements that the posi
tion taken by the Republicans at su Louis relative
to the Cuban question was unsatisfactory to*»pain.
us accompanied by loner prices irom Lon
don and falrij large sales by bouses with foreign
connections, a renewal of export* of cold to Ger
many, which was rattier unexpec.ed. reports that
the fr Irrespective of previous politi
cal affl ._r>e upon a candidate for
the Presldi ncy, helped to unsettle mutters. Lon
don cables were thai R. P. Bland, the leading ad
vocate ol free '-oinutie of silver, would receive the
A rumor that Consul-General Lee In his report
to the chief executive will recommend that the
Cuban insurgents be ran led recognition was also
used agains» the market and with some effect.
Very little support was forthcoming and prices
yielded readily, ihe decline ranged from ■A to
33's per cent and nearly every stock on me list
participated in th>* downward movement. suuar
was he.ivy and broke from 122% to 118%; the
decline in refined and me break in raws auroad
dislodged stocu hel<l on weak margins. In the in
ternationals Louisville and Nashville, St. Paul and
the Idw-priced western issues suffered 10.-s \s
of anywhere from y 2 to 2y 8 per cent. The
Grangers and soutlrv.-sterns also lacked support
and declined under pressure of both long and snort
stock.
Near the close, when Sugar rallied, the general
list Improved somewhat, but in the final transac
tions th- list was weak aii»in. Net changes show
losses of Vi'i^Vs 01 cent, .Sugar leading. Toial
sales were 231,000 shares. ,
Bonds were weak. The Bales were $897,000.
Atchison general fours fell 1 to 78 1 /s>: do aajust
,ments, 1% to 39%; Chicago and Northern Pa
cific fives o-rtiticat s, l^A to 36: Hocking Valley
consols, fives, 1 to 85: Kansas and' Texas seconds,
1i4t068y a : do fours, 1 to K-i.,-. Texas Pacific
firsts, 34 to 853,4.
In Government bonds $10,000 registered four*
of 19 25 sold at 117 % and $40,000 do coupon at
117%.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, steady; Winter wheat, low
grades, $1 70@2 55; do, fair to fancy, $2 4i@
3 45; do nits. $3 70(0.3 90: Minnesota clear,
$2 40ft£2 DO; do straights, «•_' 95@3 56; do
patents, ••?:< 25@4 30: low extras. Si 70@2 25;
City mills, $4: do PRtent3, $4 -o@4 25; rye mix
ture, «2 40<<3,3 10: superfine, M 60@2 25: fine,
$1 iiO(<ji2 oj. Southern flour dull, easy; common
to lair extra, %'i lora-'j 70: good to choice do, $2 70
9& Rye flour quiet and easy at (2 40@2 80.
RYE— Quiet, steady; State, 403/ic, f. o. b.;
Western. 40(§40i/ 2 c.
COK.NME.iL - Hull, steady; yellow Western,
$2 05@2 10: Urandywine, $2 15.
BARLEY— 33%®34c.
BAKLEY MALT— DuII; Western, 48@56c.
' WHEAT— .Spot, market dull, easier; f. o. b.,
71»/gc; ungraded red, 62@72c; No. 1 Nortnern.
■663 /B e.
. Options dull and weak at y«@lc decline on free
liquidation and following the West. September
and July most active. No. 2 red. June and July
62% c; September, 633/ 8 c; December. 6514 c ■
Stocks of grain -tore and afloat June 20:
Wheat. 2,749.000; corn. 647,993; oats, 1, 915,768*
rye, 72,160; barley, 42,721; malt, 110,505; peas,
988 bushels.
CORN— DuII, firm: No. •£, 3414 c elevator
35V4C afloat.
Options dull at VB@ 3 /»c decline. July and Sep
tember only traded in. June, 333ic; July, 341 8 :
September, 86' v- V 8
OATS— Quiet, easier.
Options dull, weaker: July and September, 21 s/ 6 c.
Spot prices: No. 2, 22c: No. 2 white. 24c;
No. 2 Chicago, Ul*4c; No. 3, .'lc: No 3 white,
23V4c: mixed Western. 22i @23y a c: do white and
white State. 24y 2 @VBc.
FEE D BRAN-65@60c.
MIDDLINGS— 6O<k62UiC
RYE-Feed, 60c
fj'rovixion*.
BEEF— Steady: quiet; family, $8 50(39: extra
m«ss.s6@7. Beef hams, dull, nominal: $1 4 50@15.
■ ierced beef, dull, steady: city extra India mess,
$ll<fi.l3. Cut meats, quiet, firm; pickled bellies.
12 pounds, -li/ie: do shoulders, 4 Vic; do hams,
9Vi@9 3 4c- -..V, ;^-
A.AKD— Quiet: lower; Western steam. $4 30@
4 35; city. $4: July, $4 35: refined, slow; Conti
nent. $4 55: South American, $5; compound,'
4@4V4C - ; - V .
i'OKK- Moderate demand: old mess. $8 25®
8 50: new, th 7609.
BUTTER— Stiady, fair demand; State, dairy.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHteLOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICK
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. rURDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVAIK WIUK AiW YORK,
10@15c: do creamery, 11%(ai5V 2 c: Western
dairy, BM>@HV3c; do creamery, llJ^^lßi^c;
do "factory, BC<vllc; Klgins, 15y a c; imitation
creamery. 10@12c.
CHEKSK— Quiet, held steady: State, large, 634
®7c: do small. @7J4c; part SKlms, 2@4y 3 c;
full skims. iy 3 @2c
EGGS— Quiet, freely offered: State ana Penn
sylvania. 12@12y 2 c: Western fresh, 10Vis@12c;
do per case. $1 50®2 70.
TALLOW— DuII: weak; city, 3Va@3%c; coun
try. 33/ 8 8 c.
'COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet; Crude, 20V«c; do off
grade, 24% c; prime ye110w, ;24%@25c.
■ RESlN— Quiet; steady; strained, . common to
goo). $1 70
TURPENTINE— Steady: 25@26Vic.
POTATOES— Weak; large supply; Southern,
35c@$l 25.
RlCE— Steady: fair demand; Domestic, fair to
extra, 3@5 34c; Japan. 4f§>4V4c " s ' ■-;■
MOLASSES— FairIy active; steady: New Or
teana open kettle, gool to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— steady : unchanged to 10 !>oints down;
June, $11 90: July, $11 45; August, $10 80: Sep
tember, $10 40; November. $10: December, $9 90:
March, $9 90. Spot Rio dull; easy; No. 7, 13V4C.
SUGAR— Raw, nominal; fair refinlnic, He: cen
trifugals, i) 6 test. 35/ge. Refined, quiet, lower:
No. 6, 4%c: No. 7, 4 11-16.-; No. 8, 4c: No. 9,
37/ 8 c; No. 10, 37/ 8 c; No. 11. 3 13-16 c: No. 12, 334 c
No. 13. 3 11-16 c: off A. 4Vi@4S/ : Mold A, sc;;
Standard A, 4 + c: Con feet .oners' a, 4(Vbc; Cut
Loaf and Crushed, ss/ c; Powdered, 6 11-16 c;
Granulated, 4 c.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, By a <ai2e.
PEACHES— PeeIed, r r£, 12@13c; do unpeeled,
Bi/8(a8c. ■
PRUNES— 4c.
KAISINS-Two-crown loose Muscatel, SV*®
4Sgo; do three-crowu, 3i4@4i^c: do tour-crown,
*V2fflsc: ao London layers, 90c($$l.
HOPS— Quiet, steady, state common to choice,
2y,@Bc; Pacific Coast. 2%©7 c.
WOOL— Steady, fairly active; domestic fleece,
15@21c; pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON-Steady, quiet. American, flO BO
(313.
COPPER-Quiet: lake. $11 50@12.
LEAD-Steady: domestic. S3 02y 2 @3 06.
Steady: strait*. *13 50@13 60; plates,
moderate demand.
bPELTE^-Quief. domestic, *4 05@410.
CALIFOKNIA FKUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 22.— Earl Fruit
• Company sold California fruit in the Neutral Auc
tion to-day, realizing prices as follows: Prunes—
Tragedy. $2 10io:5 50 ft half crate. Plums—Cly
man, $1 40@l 76 ?» half crate. Cherries— Black
Republicans, $1 85@2 30 %4 box: Royal Acne.
$1 50@l 95. Pears— Bartletts, $1 75 t* half crate.
Peaches— Alexander, 85c@l 30 $ box: Garland,
$I©l 10. Apricots— Royal. 76c@$l 16 %4 half
crate.
CHICAGO, In., June 22.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold three carloads of California fruit in the
Neutral Auction to-day, realizing the following
prices: Cherries-ißlack Tartarian, $1 35@1 80 <*
box: Black Kigarlau. $1 30@l 75: Black Repub
lican, $1 50@l 65; Napoleon Bigareau, $1 25@
$1 30: Cleveland. 6UC. Peaches— Briggs Early
May, 70c@$l i* box; Alexander, 70@90c. Apri
cots— Royal, 80@90c
Porter Bros. Company sold California fruit to
day in Consolidated Auction room as follows:
Cherries— Tartarlans, Republicans, $1 30 to $1 60:
Royal Annes, 90c to $1 45: assorted. $1 30 to
i $1 40; Clevelanas, ?1 30: Black Oregons, *1 20.
Plums— Koenis Claude, $1 40: Royal Hative,
$1 10 to $1 35; Clymans, 70c to $1 35; St. Cath
erines, $1 25; others. 65 cto 80c, Prunes—Si
monia, 55c to $1 40. Apricots— Montgamets, 55d
i to EOc; Royals, 70c to 903; others, 30 to 85c.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. June 13.— Porter Bros.
I Company sold to-day at open auction California
j fruit as follows: Prunes— Tragedy, $2 30. Cher
ries— Hoy Anne, $1 80. -Alexander,
80c to 9uc. Apricots— Royal, 75c to Soc
MONTREAL, Qukbkc. June 22.— The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit at open auc
tion to-day, at the following prizes: Plums— sl 25
fa.l 70 "£ half crates; Cherries,. $1 25@1 35 "$ box.
Peaches— 9l9l 25 %* box. Apricots— Over ripe,
75c@f 1 13 half crate.
BOSTON, Mass., June 22.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit In the Neutral .Auction
to-day at the following prices: Prunes— Tragedy,
$4 50 V half crate- Plums— flyman, $2 20@2 40
~<p half crate. Peaches— Alexander. $1 10©l"40 ~$
box. Apr. cots— Ho»-h1, $1 25@1 50 1». hall crate.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., June 22.— orter Bros.
Company sold to-day California fruit as follows:
Plums— To average. $1 VI. Peaches— To average,
$1-32. Apricots— To average, $1 32.
CHICAGO M \KKKI >
CHICAGO, Hi, June 22.— Wheat starter! in the
week with rather a depressed feeling, opening
prices this morning being from %c to s /tl c lower
than those ruling at the close on Saturday. Hold
ers were far from feeling enthusiastic when they
heard that the world's shipments last week aggre
gated H. 400,001) bushels. When that, statement
and the fine weather, with heavy Northwestern
receipts, 546 cars against 51 last Monday and
196 a year ago. were considered, se'ling became
the order of the proceedings. The report of a de
crease in the amount on ocean passage of 3,200,000
bushels served to steady the lone and check the
decilne for a time, however.
Liverpool cables were steady. Chicago receipts
were 13 cars and Inspected out 8365 bushels. A
very moderate decrease in lhe visible supply,
667,000 bushels, caused renewed selling and fur
ther weakness. The English visible supply was
reported to have Increased 1,250,000 bushels, fix
port clearances were fair at 342.417 bushels.
Closing Continental cables were irr sjular. Septem
ber wheat opened from 6><Vic to 57 %c, sold be
tween 6HVi@543/ 8 c and 573'sC, closing at 57i /2 c,
iy c under Saturday. Estimated receipts for 10
--morrow 30 cars.
CORN Was not aroused from the lethargic
I sure S3 familiar to the trade in that market.
Price change* were regulated b» the prevailing
j tone of wheat. Receipts were lighter than ex-
I pected, only 309 cars arriving. Withdrawals from
store amounted to 37,100 bushels and seaboard
clearances to 6784 bushwls. The amount on ocean
passage increased 80,000 bushels. Liverpool
cablrs were quiet and steady Danubian shipments
j of corn last week were 840,000 bushels. The
I visible supply decreased 36,000 bushels. Septem-
I her corn opened at 29VbC sold between 291/gfiti}
29 Vie and 28%(5> 2 cioslngat 29c, Vie under
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 575
cars.
OATS— Nothing of an extraordinary character
was shown in the trade in this market to-day. But
slight interest was taken in a speculative way, and
alterations. In quotations came through the
strength $r weakness conveyed by wheat. Re
ceipts were 224 cars, and 91,989 bushels were
taken from store. The visible supply decreased
34,000 bushels^ Export clearances- were 64,292
busnels. September Oats cloied V 4@ 3 /gc lower.
Estimated receipts or to-morrow 600 cars.
FLAX- Was weak. Cash, 79y 2 <aßoc; Sep
tember. 80i<2@Hlc; December, 82Vi@82%c; Re
ceipts were 29 car*.
PROVISIONS— Hogs in abundance arrived In
the y;.rds this morning, and conditions at that
place were reported as weak and almost demoral
ized. There could have been but one effect on
Dro.luct, and naturally prices weakened and de
clined. September pork and ribs each closed ac
lower, and September lard S@"V2C lower.
BUTTER— Was quiet and steady to-day. Plenty
of stock was offered, but the demand was slow.
Creameries— Extras, 14y 2 c; firsts, )3@l4c: sec
onds, 10@12c; Imitations, fancy, 12c Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladle*—
! Extras, lOiilOVijC; firsts, By @9c; packing stock,
►c: roil, 6(g,7c-
EGGS— ufferincs of eggs were moderate, and
the demand good. Fresh slock sold from 9@loc
i* dozen.
MONEY— Was 6@6% on call and 6% on
time loans. .New i ork exchange sold at 50c
premium.
< lowing- Price*.
WHEAT— June. 563' 8 - ; July, 66y a c: Sep
tember. 571-2 C
.CORN— June. 273/ 8 c; July. 27»4c; September,
29c.
OATS— JuIy. 16»/ic: September. 17%r<i17%c.
PORK— July, $6 97y 2 : September, $7 15.
LARD— JuIy. $4 05. September, «1 50.
RIBS— July, »3 70; sepiemoer, $3 87V».
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. li.v, June 22.— There
was a fair supply of cattle on sale to-day and a
good demand for them was noted. Prices were
strong and 10c higher. On an immense run of hegs
prices In that market were 6@ 10c lower. There
was a good demand at the decline. Receipts of
sheep were heavy. An eas. - feeling prevailed and,
except for choice, prices ruled 10(g/15c lower. ,
• CATTLE — Receiom. 15.000. Fancy beeves,
$4 40@4 50: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 16vi» 35: good to choice steers. 1200
10 1600 pounds. $3 90(34 10; medium steers. 1000
to 1600 pounds, $3 75;'* 3 85: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. '93 50&&3 70: feeders.
900 tb 1200 pounds. $3 -tOia):-. 85; common to choice
stocKers. $9 7O(g*3 40; Dulls, cnoice to extra. $2 HO
@3 25; bulls, poor to choice, $2 50(g»'2 75;
cows and heifers, extra, $3 t!o@4 00; cows,
fair to choice. $2 30<§>* 50: cows, common to fair
canners*. SI 25<i8- 25; calves.- good to 'choice.
$4 6O'd)s 15: caves, common to good. $3@
4 50: "Texas steers'. 82 -Jo(d,3: Texas steers, $3 10
•n.'A 75: Texas. cows ana bulls. $2@2 85; milkers
and springers, per bead, *20@35. •
. HUGS— Receipts. 52,000. Heavy packine ana
shipping lots, $2 95(43 20: common 10 choice
mixed. ISMS 35: choice assorted. $3 40&3 45;
light, $3 20.U3 50; pigs. *2 70&3 10
biit.t.f— lieceipi.i. 21,000. inferior to caoic*,
«2t4 36; Jambs, *2 75 3,6 40.
NEW I I'OUK STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Kuilroad
; Sharps. •• ■.: V.;: 7 .'
■ Money on cal 1 has been easy at 1%@2%: last loan
at 2%; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4y 2 @5%. Bar silver, bß*4c. Mexican dollars,
53%@54iy8C Sterling Exchange ■Is steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills Ht $4 b7i<4@4 87Vi
for 60 days and *4 88i, 4 BSVj for demand. Post
ed rateu, *4 88@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 S6ftd
4 863.4. : Government" bonds steady: State bond*
weaker; railroad bonds weak. I sliver at the board
was dull. • ;':'
CXOBIXG STOCK*.
Am Tel * Cable.... 91 Norfolk & Westrn. 5
Atchison 14 I Preferred. 10
Preferred VOVi Northern Pacific... 43/
Adams Express... 147 1 Preferred 14V8 :
Alton. Terre Haute 58 Northwestern...... 10-'"4.
American Expressll2 | Preferred 148
American Tobacco. 65% N. V. Central 96' ' 2
Preferred 99 N.Y..Chicago<fc-f.L. 12U,
Bay State Ga5...... 25 ; Ist preferred 70 '
Baltimore* Ohio.. 17% yd preferred 29
Brunswick Lands.. V 2 ><• Y.&N. H.......173
Buffalo, Roch«fe P. 18V»N. V. A New Kng. 40V 2
Canada Pacific... 61 Vi N. V.. Susq & W... ci/i
Canada southern.. 45t'V Preferred 24Va
Canton Land....... .60% Ontario ;■..; XIV
Central Pacific — 15 Ontario & Western 1334
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
Clips. A Ohio i 5y B !or*gonlmprovmnt Vfe
Chicago A1t0n.. ....155 I Preferred
Preferred 70 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. <fc Q 76% Oregon Short Line. 8
ChicacoA E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail 24
Preferred... 99 I Peorta, D. <t Evans HVSI
Chicago Gas.. 66y 2 Plttsburg A W. pfd 15
Clever Plttsbnrg..l6o IPullman Pa1ace.. . .156
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. ltyj
Consolidated Gas.. 157 Preferred ........ 11
C. C. C A St. Louis 32 Reading..... ...... 14
Preferred 75 RloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 26 Preferred 40
Preferred 100 1 Rock Island 69
Cotton Oil Cert 12%|RomeWat<feOgden.ll5
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. &S. W '.. 4V 2
Dei. Hudson 124%' Preferred 9%
Del.Lack<fcWestrn.ls9 St. Paul 763/*
Denver R. G 13 i Preferred. 128y 3
Preferred. 47% ! St. Paul A Dulntb. 20
Distillers 153,41 Preferred 85
General Electric... 31% St. Paul A Omaha. 42y
Erie 14 I Preferred 123
Preferred 36 St. P. M. A M 112
Fort Wayne 163 'silver Certificates. 69ys
Great Northern pfdl 16 Southern Pacific... 18Vs
Green Bay Vi Southern R. R 9y 8
HHrlem 295 , Preferred... 273,4
Hocking Coal lVi Sugar Refinery ....113%
Hocking Valley 14*4' Preferred 103
Horn (.'stake. 33 Term. Coal A Iron. 23
H. A Texas Cent... | Preferred 90
Illinois Central 94y 2 ! Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central BVaToI.A.A.JtN.Mich.
Preferreo 32 jTol. & Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas & Texas... liy* Preferred 70
Preferred 2 31-4 Louis* K.C. 5
Kingston^ Pern... 3 j Preferred 6
Lake Erie <fc Westn 18 Union Pacific 73/g
Preferred 69y 2 U. P. Den <fe Gulf.. 2i 8
Lake Shore 150 I". S. Cora age 5
National Lead 23 | Preferred 10V4
Preferred BRi/i' Guaranteed 20
Long Island 75 |U. S. Express 40
Louisville Nash. 495/g!u. S. Leather BV4
Louisville Na&Ch B%| Preferred 61
Preferred 20 V. S. Rubber. 18
Manhattan C0n501.102% ! Preferred. 77%
Memphis* Charts. 16 |Utica«ft B. River..
Mexican Central... B |\Vab. S. L. A Pac.. 6Va
Michigan Central.. 96 Preferred l'Va
Minn«fcS.L. Wells-Fargo 96
Preferred Western Union... 84V4
Minn A St. L com. 18 Wisconsin Central. l a /a
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling <fe L. E.. BV4
preferred 46»4' Preferred S4S4
Missouri Pacific... 22V 3 Am Cotton OH pfd. 64%
Mobile Ohio 20 W. V. Beef 8
Nashville & Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor - —
National Linseed.. 19 Preferred
N. J. Central 105y 2 Brooklyn Traction. 22%
North American... 6 Erie 2d pfd 20
CLOSING BONDS.
C 4s, registered.. 1083^ MX T 2ds 683,4
Do coupon 110 I Do 4s 82y a
U S 4s new, regstrdll7. ! Mutual Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon 117. r > N J Cent Gen 65...1193/ 8
Do 2s 94 a Northern Pac
Doss., 113 j Do2ds.. 115
: o 6s, coupon 113 | Do 3ds 71
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l 4o
Do 1887 10J ! Do deb 5s 108
Do 1898 10'J |° R& N lsts. 112Va
Do 1899 100 :StL.tlronMt(len 6s 80
Pacific -is of '95.... St L & 8 F Gen HSyt
DC 3-65s 1091,4 St Paul C0n5015... .132
Ala Class A 45.. 103 St PC A Palsts...ll9
Do Class 84, ss. 105 | Do Pac Cal lsts. .110
LaConso!4s 95 Southern RR 55... 92%
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific lsis. 86
N Carolina con 63.. 122 Texas Pacific 2ds..
Do 4s 104 Union Pac lsts '96.103%
So Carolina 4Va5...106 West Shore 4s 106
Term new 3s 80 Mobile A Ohio 45. . 66
Va funding debt... 69 GrandeWest lsts 77
Do registered - — Ches 4 Ohio 6s. 107
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchison 4s 78%
Do trust rcpts st. 5 Do 2ds A *0
Canada Sou: 106 H & s A 6s 105
Cen Pac lstsof '9s.lo3 Do2d7s 97y a
Den A R G Ist IIOV4H 4 Tex Cent 65..109y 2
Do 4s 9iy 2 Do con 6s 100
Erie 2ds 65 '■« Reading 4s 79Vs
Kansas Pa Consols 70 * Missouri 63 100
Kb Pa lsts Den divlll Vi
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Enm.. June 22.— spot market
Is steady at 6s 3d@ss 4d. Cargoes steady at 26s 6d,
buyers, arrived.
FUTDBF.B.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
451034 d; July. 4s 1034 d; August, is lOS/id; Sep
tember, 4s 10 3 / id; October, 4s U)- a.
secubitiks.
LONDON, Eno.. June 22.— Consols, 112%;
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes. lOlf.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 t>9Va
New York Exchange, sight — 121/2
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, ounce — . 683,4
Mexican Dollars — &41/4
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were stronger, but spot prices
were weak with a dull market. No. 1, 95c; choice,
97Vjc; lower grades, 90(£93%c; extra, choice for
milling, $I@l 10 $ ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Skshion— lo o'clock — December—
100 tons, 97% c: 100, 98c; 100.98V8C; 200, 98V4C;
100, 98-ygC.
ICKi.t-i.AB Morning .SKssroN — December— 500
tons. 98c; 100, 98i/ B e. Seller '96, new, storage
paid— loo. $1 05.
aftkbnoon Session — December — 600 tons,
981/4 C.
BaRLEY— SaIe of new Brewing, weighing 47 lbs
%* bushel, at 77 Vie, Port Costa. he market is
dull at weak quotations. Dark Feed, 67V5@6834c;
choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 76ra'8Uc.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Rkgular Mobnino skssion— No sales.
Aftkbnoon Sf-ssion— No sales.
OATS— Are very dull. Milling, 87Vi@90c V ctl:
fancy Feed. 90@92V 2 c: good to choice, 82V 2 ®9oc;
common to fair, 77y 2 teß2y 3 c: Gray, 80@85c; Sur
prise, 95c<g;$l 021/2 %< cti.
CORN— Nothing doing. Large Yellow, 87y a
92y 2 c; small Round do, 97Vac; White, 77%
®HVii..C ■** ctl.
RYE-75@7614c * ctl.
BUCKWuKA i — 85@90C ■$ ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 20,740
bbls, quite an improvement over recent ship
ments. Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 V, bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 6o;
superfine, $2 75@3. ■ ■ -;.-' '
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 ~# ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, /3 c; Corn
roeal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3Vfcc; Oatmeal,
3%c; Oat Groats, 4V 2 c; Hominy, 4to4i. c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c ; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c; Farina,
4V»c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 4 Vie;
Pearl Barley, 4y 2 c;' Split Peas, 43, 4 c; Green do,
sV*c * ft.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFB.
BRAN— SIS 60@16 50 ton.
Mll)l)i.lN«s-*i7 60@18 50 9 ton for. lower
grades and 519@20 9 ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15 50@10; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; jobbing, $22:
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market.
II A V —Heavy receipts are demoralizing the mar
ket and dealers look for a break in prices every day.
New Wheat, 98010 60; New Wheat and Oat,s7 50
(g)9 50 : new Oat, $7@B ton new Barley, $6 50(dl
750 V ton; second cutting of Alfalfa, $6 6 50*.
Old Hay Is quoted as follows: Wheat" $8@
11 50 'g ton: Oat, $7@9: Wheat and Oat. $8@11;
Barley, $7«SB 50 f> ton: Clover, $6@7 50 ft ton;
Compressed Oat, $6 5008; Compressed Wheat, $7
(£lO 50; stock, $(><g.7 per ton.
BTRA W— 2O@4Oc ft bale.
•BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos,sl@lo7Va; Small Whites, $1 15
@1 30; Pea, $120@l ;>5 : Large Whites, 90c@*l05;
Pink, 85@92'V3c; Reds, $1 25: Blackeye. nominal;
Red Kidney, nominal; Limns. $2 35@2 65: But
tern, $1 26(g»i 40 for small and $1 26@1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Quotations are as ' follows: . Brown
Mustard,sl 50@»2 25;Trleste,$2@2 Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary, 23/ic
'? n<; Alfalfa, 7Va@9¥2 * to: Ripe, 2y a c * ft;
Hemp, 3y 2 c^ Ib. v .
DRIED PEAS-$1 25@1 40 ¥- ctl for lies and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— market continues weac. New
Potates In sacks, 75c@$l %* ctl: new Early Rose
in bxs from the River, 75c@$l 25 %t ctl: new Bur
bank Seedlings, $I@l 25; Oregon Burbanks, 70@
80c: Petaluma and Tomales. 90©76 eft ctl; Hum
boldt Burbanks. 70@80c f, ciL
ONIONS— 2O@26c 1» ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 490 boxes As
paragus; 15 boxes Rhubarb and 204 sacks Peas.
Prices continue to lend' downward. Squash Is
particularly weak.
Green Corn, 75c@$l 60 f. sk: Alameda Corn, 15
(@26c •$ doz: Summer Squash. 26@60cfor Pay and
l.'>(s2sc box in small i;oxes; Egg Plant, 10c
r II.: Tomatoes, $1 26(4(2 "ft box Cucumbers. $1
(£1 50 fi box: Alameda Cucumbers, $2(3)2 50 ft
box; Asparagus. 50c(g»$l 25 ft . box for ordi
nary and 51 60@2 25 tor extra: Rhubarb. 25
@75c «* box: Dried Peppers, S@I2V2C: Green
I'eppers, 25c fi tt>: Green Peas. 50c(<£$l ft sack for
common and 2j f> Ib for Garden: strttiE: Beans,
ICa'Sc f, tt>' for common and s@6c fi Ib for Garden;
Horse Beans, 40(a,50c V- sack: Dried Okra, 12y 2 c;
Cabbage, 45®,")0c %i cU; Garlic, 2(g)3c * tt..
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER-Is rather weak, but prices show no
change.
Cbkameby— Fancy, 15@15V»c: seconds, 14@
14 He ¥> lb.
Ijaiky— Fancy. ] 31 :jr,il4c; good to choice. 12y 2
13c; lower grades, ll@l2c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6%c V Ib; com
mon to good. s(£<6c: Cream Cheddar. 9c : Young
America, 7(&8c i* It; Western, 10(a,llc; Eastern,
12@12y c.
EGGS— No change. Farallone Egzs, 17@18c:
Oregon, 10c; Eastern Eggs, l(>@l2c ft d 07.: store
Eggs, 10i,ya>12c: ranch Eggs, 13@16c; Duck Eggs,
12y 2 @l4c -fiaoz. . . . - ■
' POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at 13@13V
for Turkeys. $5 bO@6 for Hens and $4 50@6 for
old Roosters.
- Live Turkeys, 11@12"V<jC for Gobblers, 10@12cfor
Hens; Geese, $ pair, 75c@$l 25: Ducks, $3 50
@4 for old and 84@5 for young: Hens. $4® j
6: Roosters, young, $6 60©7 60: do, old. ?4<£
4 50: Fryers, "ss@6; Broilers, $3(#4 for large and
S2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25® 1 50 * doi
for young and old.
GaME — Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
A dispatch to The Cam. from the Santa Clara
Valley says that Moorpark Apricots have brought
as high as *35 $ ton and some have sold for
$32 50. Some Apricots that run 12 to the pound
have sold for f 30. A sale of Pears at $21 $* ton
has been reported. There has been no sale of
Peaches, but it is said that $20@25 has been of
fered for clingstones.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Arrivals of Cherries were 367 boxes, ■elllne at $1
@1 25 ■# box for Black, and 85c@$l 15 for Royal
Anne. i /
Peaches, 40@75c V box, and 75@85c V basket.
Choice are scarce.
Plums, 50@75c V crate and 60@75c 3 box.
Cherry Plums. 20@40c ?i box.
Apples, 25(a.85c ~?>, small box and 25@35c 5P
basket and 50@85c large box.
Green Pears, 25©35 c '■$> box and 25C*30c ft
basket.
Royal Apricots, 26@50c box, 40@60c V crate
and 25@40c 18 basket. Moorparks, 66r»75c "$ box.
Figs, 25@75c iji box for single and *1 box for
double layers.
BERRIES—
Receipts of Strawberries were 695 chests, selling
at $6@6 ■$ chest for Longworthsaud $3@4 for large
berries.
Gooseberries. 2«3c * Ib.
, Raspberries, $6(<u7 %* chest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, 76c@.$l %>. crate.
Blackberries, $4@b ?"■ chest and 50@75c ¥ crate.
Currants, $2 50@4 <a chest.
CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges, 75c@$l 60 ft box
for Seedlings, $3 50@4 for Navels, and $l(g>3
f* box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $l@
160 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, .*i!torf 60; California Limes, $1 9
box; Bananas, $1(0)2 % bunch; Pineapples, $1(&*
V dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— '
Apricots sold at 7c in the sweat-box at Armona,
equivalent to 7%c here. This shows a decline.
The disposition among growers this year is to sell
to canners rather than d*ry.
Carload Lots— Apples, iy 2 @2c $ Ib for quar
tered. 2c for sliced and 4<n 1 ' -.(• for evaporated;
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 7©Be
for crime to choice. 9c for fancy and ior<ullu*s
lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2 V2C for im
pressed: White Figs, 4c in sacks; Pears, 7c % Ib
for evaporated halve*, 3y»@6c %♦ lb for quarters;
Prunes. 3@3\4c; Plums, iVjCf, lb for pitted and
iy ©2c for imputed: Nectarines, 31/2'* so %* & or
prime to choice and si^c for fane»
JonBIXQ Pricks— i-.vaporatea apples. 4@sc
%* Ib: sun-dried, iy 2 @2c: Poaches, 3y 2 @sc ana 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxei,l2y 2 c'ii* Ib; Prunes, 3ViiC
for four sizes, 4i^c for 40@50's and 4c for
50@60's; Apricota, 7@9c for prime to choice,
10(0,11 for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3y 2 c;
White Figs, 3kv.ic: Pears, 8c f, !l> for evapo rated
halves »nd 4@7y 2 c for quarters: Plums. 3y 2 @4c
for pitted ana l©iy c for unpltted; Nectarines,
4@sc > Ib for prime to choice. - .
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, 3c: 2-crown, 2V»c ¥ lb: seedless Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c V box: clusters. $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clus
ters, *2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, »2 tiOio-2 75.
Jobbing Pbicks— Four-crown loose, none; 3
crown, ,3@3i4c f» lb: 2-crown. 3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c f, lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@900; clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, #2 76.
NUTS — tiuotatlons are as follows: Wal
nuts, »@llc »or No. 1 hard and ll@l3c "$ Ib for
paper-shell, jobbing lots: Almonds, t>@7'oc for
l.unguedoo and 8y 2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts, B@6y 2 c mft for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and He for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
£©10 V IT.: Cocoanuts. *4 50@5 V 100.
HONEY -Comb 10@12y 2 c %* Ib for bright and 8
<a9c %4 tl> for lower grades: water-white extracted,
5@.5i, c fi lb: light amber extracted, 4Vi@4%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-26®*^7y a c "# Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are firmer again. No change In Bacon or
Lard.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 60 ?
Ib for heavy, 7c f Ib for light medium, 9c ? lb for
light, 10c for extra light and 12c ¥ It> for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 11 1 ,^@12c ■£ lb:
California Hams, fi@loc Tji lb: Mess Beef, $7 60f<58:
extra mess do. 98 50409: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, ?8 50@9; extra clear. $14 lj» bbl;
mess, $12 * bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c * lb.
LAUD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 5140 19 Ib
for compound and 6V4C for pure: pails. 7"Vsjc;
California tierces, 6c f*. lb for compound 1 nd 6c tor
pure; half-bbls. 6Vic; 10-tb tins, 7c; do 6-&, 71/4 C.
COTTOLENE-6^>6V4c in tierces and 4 (g,7VBC
» lb in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Firm, but dull and un
changed. Heavy salted steers are quotable at 7@
71,2 r ■?". tt>; culls and brands. 6@6ysc ft Ib: medium,
6®6V 2 c "c* It.; culls and brands. 5@5y 2 c ~p tb: light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5@5y 2 c: culls
and brands, 4@iy«c: salted Kip. f>e > lb; Baited
Calf. 7®Bc: salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10i/ 2 @llc:
culls and brands, B@BiAo;dry Kip and Veal, B(s9c;
culls. 7c: <iry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, cood summer.
30c: medium, 16@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10(4l5c each; short wool, 20®
36c each: mealum, 4tJ(S*soc each; long wools, 60(j|
60c each. Culls of all kind* about V 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 31/4(g»3y c: No. 2,
3c; refined, GV 2 (0',584c: Grease, 2Vz<" t* lb.
' WOOL— Valley Oregon is quoted at 9@loV c;
ao lower grades. 8 @ 9i/£c; Nevada, 6(tt,9c;
Ban Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, 40£6 c;
San Joaquiu, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4VfeSa6y a c; northern free,
7@9c:do defective, s@tJV 2 c «i lb.
HOPS-iy 2 @3c-y tt>.
GENERAL MEKCIIANDISE.'
Calcutta Grain Baes, spot. $4 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24V @26y2C.
COAL— Wellington. ? ton; New Wellington.
$8 %"! ton; Southiield Wellington, $7-50 f* ton;
Seattle, $6(<£s 50: Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend. "if 7: Scotcn, $7 50; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 in f<ks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite EgK, $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cannot, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Vnllev. $7 60; coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $]-■ \\ ton in sks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Keflnery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, sVic;
Confectioners' A, 5y 8 c: Magnolia A, 46/ 8 c; Kxtrnr
C. 4i/ac: Golden C, 43/ c; half-barrels, Me more
than barrels, and boxes Vac more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
VgaL
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; choice. syjc; second
ao, 4y 2 @4%c: third do, 3y 2 @4c lb.
VEAL— Large, 6@6c; small, 6@7c fl Ib.
MUTTON- Wethers, s@6c: Ewes, 4%@si£c
IP lb. . ■ .
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 5(S6c 1R lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3@J3i4c %». tb for large and
SVi&'SV^c for small and medium: dressed do, 4y a
@syaC _.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. .
FOB 24 HOnBS.
Flour, or. sk- .. 3.22o|Cheese, ctls 28
Wheat, ctla .. 3.520 Eggs, doz 9,540
Barley. ctls 1,100 Hides, no. 465
Oats, ctls 655 felts, bdls. 229
Oregon 1,140 Wool, bis 299
Corn, ctls l.lSOlWine, gals 34,100
Rye, ctls Lime, bbls.. 81
Beans, ska 1,306 T.-'.ilow, ens .. - , 68
Potatoes, sks. 1,704 Lumber. M feat.. - 10
Onions, sks 577 Leather, rolls 62
Bran, sks 600 Hops, bis 79
Middilngs.sks... 700tiui'-ksilver. risks - 83
Hay, tons 746 Chicory, bbls 107
Butter, ctls. 1711
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstoeks were irregular yesterday, some
rising a few cents and others selling off a little.
There were no changes worthy of note except in
Chollar. which sold up 10 53 15 and rose to $3 35
after the afternoon board, subsequently falling
back at the close, however.
The Savage delinquent Kale takes place to-day.
Three more of the local savings banks have just
announced their semi-annual dividends to depos
itors as follows: German Savings and Loan soci
ety, 4.26 per cent per anmm ou term and 3.55 on
ordinary deposits: Ilumboldt Savings and Loan .So
ciety. 4.32 and 3.60 per cent respectively, which Is
the same «s the san Francisco Savings Union;
Mutual Savings, 4 and 31/3 per cent respectively.
All these dividend t lire payable on July ],
1 he weekly reports from the Comttock are as
follows:
Con. Cai. a Va. — H)00 level— West crosscut 2,
started at a point in Ihe north drift 550 feet north
from the Con. Virg.nia shaft station, has been ad
vanced 20 fet; f.tal lenatli 4K) feet; passing
through porphyry and clay separm ions and narrow
lines of quartz, assaying at a nominal value. i 650
level— On the ninth floor, the tirnt floor above the
sill floor of this level, the south drift from tho east
crosscut from the drift run south from the end of
the stope has been extended 29 feet, ptmnlng
through porphyry mid qtianz of low assay value'
total length 864 feet. Ihe face of the south drift
is south from any former work done on this level,
and is about 200 feet north of our southern bound
ary. 17S0 level— Noore has beetiextracted duriug
the week. Our men working in the stope lmve
been employed in filling w ii.li line rock the open
stope or squnre sets at the south end of ihe open
ings above this level, where the gat was escaping
last week. We have water turned Into the stope
in several piacef lrorn the 1650 level, ami we also
convey water under pressure through pipes and
hose to all the (lours of the stope. The working
par; of tho mine is free iroru ens now, and we ex
pect to resume the extraction cf ore some time
during the coming week. We have shipped to tho
Jlorgai: mill 611 tons and 1501) pounds or ore as
saying per railroad-car samples $60 64 per too
The avenge assay value per battery samples of
all ore worked at that mill during the week (595
torts) was 950 76 por ton.
In Ihe Ophir mine on the 100O level west cross
cut.l, /Ofeet nnrhof the Consolidated California
and \ lrgiuia boundary, is in 364 ieet. The face Is
In porphyry currying seams of tiny and lines of
quartz. Iho west crosscut from the north drift on
tlie .? H , me level, -180 feet from the shaft station, is
in 5 1 Z feet. The face is in porphyry carrying clay
scams and tine lines of quartz, the latter 'assaviue
60 cents per ton.
In the Hale <t Norcross mine on the 900 level
the ncrth driit, heretofore called the northwest
drift, Is in 115 feet: face In porphyry and stringers
of quartz. The drift, has connected with the
stopes from the 975 leveL Extracted from -910
slopes during the week 22 carloads of ore, assay
in? per car sample $20-82 in gold and 20.27
ounces of silver per ton. Stopped Dazet mill on
night of 18th, the crank shaft, of the engine having
been disabled. Have on hand 21 ■ pounds of crude
bullion. . ( ■ f ■ . ' ■
Brunswick Lode Work— Hale <fe Norcross. shaft
— Resumed sinking in the shaft on the 15th and
since then have made 5 feet, passing through
quartz and porphyry; total depth 469 feet. 200
level — The north drift from station passed j
into savage Company's ground at date of last
weekly report: completed timbering the station
and winze on the south boundary and resumed
sinking on the 17th and sank the same 11 feet In
porphyry and quartz of low value; total depth 26
feet. 300 level— Advan-ed south drift from sta
tion 48 feet; total length 64 feet, face in porphyry
with stringers of quartz of low value; started a
north drift from the station on this level on the
16th inst. and advanced it 23 feet; face in por
phyry.
Choi.lak-Bkuxswick Lode— The south drift on
the 200 level is out 121 feet; the face is in por- j
phyry. At a point 115 feet in an east cross* ut has
been started and extended 51 feet. When in 18 |
feet it cut a streak of ore 14 inches wide i ssaying !
$7 to $28 a ton, and when in 24 feet another one j
10 Inches wide was cut, which assayed 5825 to $30
per ton. -The face is in porphyry with stringers of
quartz through it. On the 300 level the joint Hale
& Norcross and Chollar south drift is out from the i
station 64 feet, skirting the foot wall, which is well
defined at that point. Have resumed sinking No. !
1 incline, which is down 469 feet. Have shipped j
from the Brunswick lode twenty-four tons of ore
saved in running the 300 level south drift to the
Nevada mill for reduction, the average car sample |
assay of which was $68 68 per ton.
Cox. Cat., and Va., Best & Belcher and I
Gould & Curky— Bbunswick Lode— shaft 2— !
This shaft was sunk 10 feet on the incline, total j
depth 274 feet: bottom In hard porphyry. Gould |
& Curry tunnel Have resumed work In the face j
of the tunnel and extended It 26 feet, passing
through porphyry and quartz, total leueth 767
feet. Also resumed work In east 'crosscut 4, which
was started 750 feet from the mouth of the tunnel,
and extended It 11 feet, total length 33 feet; face
i in porphyry and stringers of quartz.
savaok-Bkujs-swlck Loi>k— ln shaft 1 have
finished the station for the 300 level and started a
north drift therefrom on the 16th. The joint
north drift 200 level Is now advanced 271 feet to
the Savage Company's south boundary; face in
porphyry and quartz.
Occidental Consolidated— sso level— The
east crosscut from the lower, tunnel which is being
run to connect with the Edwards shaft is now in I
261 feet, having been extended 50 feet during the j
week. The face of the crosscut is in soft por
i phyry. 650 level— West crosscut No. 2, which
j was started 25 feet south of the main winze, Is in
i 460 feet, having been extended 44 feet. The face
is in shelly porphyry. 750 level— The upraise
started from the north drift Is up 66 feet, and
shows ore on the hanging wall all the way up. The ]
north drift is in 90 feet: extended during the
week 19 feet; face in fair-grade ore. The south
drift from west crosscut has been extended 15
feet, total length 81 feet; face in ore assaying $14
in gold.
There is talk of a possible assessment on Hale
tV Norcross, as the company's funds are rather
low for the work now going on. .. -;.\
liOArtl> >ALKS.
Following were the »*"« la 'ha Hast rranoU««
Bloc* Board yesterday;
KEGTTLAB MOBN'INO SRSSTOTT rOHf ItfWCISn 9:31.
100 Alpha 18100 G <&C... 1.69 650 Savae....l3/ 4
200 Andes... .35 300 1.40150 ...... 1.70
300 8A8. ...1.15 700 1.451200 Scorpion.. oß
300 1.10 50 H«fcN... 2.45100 Seg 8e1.. .19
60 Bodie 55 100 Mxcn 91 400 Nev. .. .85
300 Bullion.. .28:100 92 2.10 Union ...85
650 Ch011r. .2.90 100 Occdt ...1.40 100 Utah 14
100 2.85 500 1.36 1000 V Jackt.6l
250 CC5cV.,.2.20 500 0vrmn... .311200 61
100 Crwn Pt. .60 25U Potosi... 1.401
AVTjnuroOM SESSION— 2:3I.
200 Belcher.. 68 100 Exchqr....09700 1.65
300 B 48.. 1.10 750 G&C... 1.50700 Say 1.75
10(1 8u11i0n... 30 200 UAH... 2.10200 H NT 83 I
750 Chour.... 3.10 Mcx 92 300 82 ]
200 3.15200 0ph1r...1.56|200 YJacit»t..6l
150 CC<tV..2.2U|IOO P0t05i. .1.601
.Following were tee eaioi in tu* PaotOo stoat*
'card yesterday:
BWriAR BFHSTOV— in :^'|.
400 Aloha 18 60 C0nn... .1.25 300
300 A1ta....... 19400 Con 1m... 02400 l.Su
200 Ande5. ...35 100 03 300 0phir...1.55
800 36 500 Con NY.. 04|400 Ovrmn 32
200 Belcner. . . 6.> 400 Crwn Pt...5ft200 30
200 64 300 Exchqr...o9 600 P0t0»1.42y 2
500 6*400 U<tC... 1.40 300 i.4..
200 02 900 .....;.1.42W200 ....... 1.47y»
200 60600 1.40900.. 1.50
600 B &81.17y a 3OO ;.... 1. 400 *avg....1.85
400 1.16200 1.47^400 1.80
200 Bodie 63400 H&N... .21/8-00 /i
700 Bullion... 100 2.16900 :.1.72V 2
300 Caleda 18 700 2.07 1 .. 1600 1.70
200 Cha11ge. ..39200 Ju1ia. ..12y a 3OO 1.77%
50 Ch0ir. ...2% 500 Ju5tice.. ..07,300 Scorplon..oß
400 2.851400 Kentuck..O3 200 8 B<fc M....18
200 2.82'/.. 500 L Wash... 300 19
460 2.80 1400 Mexn....90200 3 Ny .83
200 ..... ....'2.90 200 92,300 84
200 2.95 100 Mono 06600 s Hill ... 04
200 3.00 500 Occd.... 1.45600 Union C..85
300 305 300 1.42 200 86
150 CCV..2.27%300 1.40 200 Ulan 13
200 21,4:400 13/ «00 V Jaclcei..6l
400 2.22V* ! 200 1.35,800 60
AFIRRXOOS SESSION— 2:3I.
200 Alpha 19100 Choir 3.221/j 300 Mxcn 92
300 Alta 550 31/4 200 91
200 Andes.. .36300 3.27' 2 100 Mono 08
200 37 260 CCV.2.2aVs2ooOccirttl..l.3s
200 8e1cher... 63 J OO 2.20 200 Ophlrl.s7ya
400 8AR.... 11 ' 60 Conti.... 1.20 900 1.6&
1200 1.15 200 C P0int... .69 500 Overman. 30
200 1.10 500 fiixenqr... o92oo P0t05i. .1.50
100 Bodle 1200 G&C... 1.50 250 1.55
200 57 200 1.45200 1.60
200 681250 .2.10500 5av?.....13i
200 Bullion... 30 200 2.07 400 c orplon..o»
100 8u1wer.... 33:400 2.0.V30U 88itM....19
200 Caleda.... 200 2y I 4UOSNv 86
100 Cullnge. .40 200 2.16 100 86
800 Ch11r... 3.05 100 Julia. lf.!400 311 Hill.. .04
100 3.021 'li) 0 Justice... .oß 600 Union 88
100 3.07y !300LWa5h....05 2UO Utah 14
200 3.15 200 Mcx 93 300 V Jck1.... 60
450... 3.20j I
.. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, June 32—12 it.
Bid.Asked.\ Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 17 19 Julia — 20
Alta 18 Injustice. .... 05 —
Andes 36 37JKentuck....... 03 04
Belcher 64 65 l.ady Wash.... — 05
Best&Belcherl.lO 1.15 Mexican 92 93
Benton Con — '20 .Mono 06 —
Bodie 55 — ! Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion 29 31 Occidental..... 1.35 1.40
Bulwer,.. 32 — Ophir. 1.50 1.55 i
Caledonia. 17 18 Overman 29 30 :
Chollar 3.15 3.2o'Potosi 1.60 1.55
Con.CalitVa...2.ls 2.20, Savage..... 1.75 1.80 !
Challenge Con. 41 Scorpion — 09
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Sep. Belcher... 17 18 '
Confidence 1.25 —Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 -Silver Hill — 05
Crown Point. 68 60 sierra Nevada. 85 87
EastSierraNev — Union Con 85 86 i
Exchequer.... 08 09, Utah ]2 13
Gould Curry. 1.45 1.50 Yellow Jacket. 62 6jS
Hale«fcNorcrs.2.lO 2.151 .
GOLD MIXING EXCHANGE.
100 Amalle 2 25 300 Lockwood Con. 32
Champion 900 „ 33
Bid 2000 Providence....
Asked 25 00 Bid 60 00
200 Kdna 39100 Savannah 41
200 40100 42
Grant. 100 _ 43
Asked 15 00200 45
Kennedy 500 Sebastopol...... 50
Bid 1000100 .. 49
Keystone Con. 100 ;...„ 48
Bid 8500 Thorpe
400. Lockwood Con. 29 Asked 95
300 , 30 Ybarra
100 31 Asked... 150
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, June 22—2 p. M.
rVITEI) STATICS BONDS.
Jiid. Asked. : Bid. Asked.
US coup.. 108 - U S4s reg...109% —
Do new Issuell7 — .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-BtCbless. — 112% 'i'ac ßoll M6s. — — "
Cal F.lec L6s — 122 1 /3 Do 2d Is 65... — —
Cntra CW 5s — 97 PA OKy 65. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 9f» 100 PitChßy6s. — 107
KdsnL*l'6s — 122y Pwl-st RRBs. — 116 Vi
F<SCHRR6s.IO4I/ a - Reno, WL&L - 105
Geary-stßss.lO2 — Sacto PA L. — 102 Vi
Los Ant; Ii 6s. — 100 M FAN Pit 55.1006/ 101
DoGnteed6s - 103 SPRRArIz6s — 96%
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — ISPRKCaI (is 10di£Ul
DoltyCotiss..losl/ g 1053/ B SPRRCaI6s. — —
Nat\'in6slst 95 100 sPBrKCaISs. — 101
NevCNgß7s. I*6 105 SVWater6s..ll9 119y»
NPCRR6S. — 108 SVWateris.. 991/4 —
N Ry Ca165.104y,106 SiktnG<fcEßs — 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 !suns:T&T6s.loo -
Oak Gas .Vs.. 100 104 V a isutter-Bißss.lo7y a —
Uo2d Is 65. . 104341051/4 - »J
Omnibus bs. llßl/41191/1!
.'; • '.'. .WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 38 — 1 San Jose . — —
MarlnCo.... 60 — |Sprng Valley 98V 8 98%
• 6AS STOCKS.,: .
Capital '. 20 30 Pacific Llirht 473,4 50
Central 95 — San Francsco 94^ *»■*%
OakGL&H 52 - Stockton...., — 21Vi
PacGaslmp. »5% 86V*.
INSUKANCK STOCKS.
fireman's 170 ,' — |5un..... 23 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. - — LondonP&A.
Anglo-Ca1. ... 6134 — London«fcSF. — 27y
Bank of Cal.. 239 242Va!Merch Ex... 13 —
Cai S D&TCo 64 67 I Nevada — —
FirntNaiionl. — 187 2 |Sather B Co. — —
Grangers.... — — |
BAVINOB BANK STOCKS.
Her S&LCo. 1400 1450 SavALoan.. — 100
HiimhsAL.lloo 1450 I Security 250 360
Mutual — ' 40 Union Trust. 7s(l —
SFSavUnion — 490 j
STBKET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108" 110 lOakSLAHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 |Presidio .7 —
Market-st — 4434 45i/i;Sutter-st — —
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant C0n.... 24*4 24%
Eastern D... 75 8iy a Judson 1).... — - — ■
California.*... 81 95 'VicoriU. v ... — 95c
' MISCELLANKOCS STOCKS. ■
Alaska Pkrs. 92 95y, Nat Vln Co.. 75 85
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic 20 24i^
Cal cot Mills — — ' PacAoxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Kdlnon Llghtl2o 120VijPac Roll Mill - —
Gascon Assn. — — Part PaintCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iPacTrausCo • — 24
HawC&SCo.. 19V a 20V»'Pac TAT Co. 55 70
Hutch KPCo a3B/ 8 Sunset TdET. 41 —
ftierEx Assn. 100 110 United C Co. — 25 ..
SI Klec Light 4 — 1
BALKS— MORNINO BEHSIOS.
Board— _
60 Giant Powder Con 24 70
25 Hutchinson S P Co. 23 b2Vj
•25 do do 23 50
20 Market-st Railway 45 00
$1000 Marke'-st Railway Con 5% Bonds 105 25
$4000 S V 4% Bonds 89 6°
SALES— AFTKRN-OON- SKSStO.f.
Board—
50 Giant Powder Con 24 *-.'y 3
50 do do 24 SO
100 Mutual Eleciric Light 4 50
10 Pacific Gas Imp 86 00
»5000 SF4.NP Railway Bonds 100 75
Street—
75 Hutchlnson S P Ca 23 60
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Julius H. Berghauser to J. G. F. Berghauser,
undivided one-half of lot on N line of Washington 1
street. 220 W of scott, W 27:6 by N 127:8^4; $10. I
Joseph and Kate D. Hubbart- to Alexander Dun- j
can lot on N line of Twenty-first street, 164:6 E |
of Dolores, E 53 by N 114: $10.
M. Morgenthau Company (a corporation) to
Margaret K. Dunne, lot on E line or Hampshire j
street, 122:6 N of Twenty-second, N 50 by E 100;
$10.
J. N. Williams to C. D. Vincent, lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 100 W of Collingwood, W 25 by
8 97:6: $10.
Jacob and Lina Hey in an (by Oscar Heyman, at- I
torney) to Charles 31. Deane, lot on N line of
Twenty-third street, 200 W of Douglass, W 25 by ,
N 114, Heyman Tract; $10.
Elizabeth K. Buswell to Luigi Demartlni and
John Levaggi, lot on SW corner of Jones and ]
Union streets, W 62:6 by H 120; $10.
Bina Bello to Pierre Dumont, lot on SE line of
Tehama street, 160 SW of ' Fourth. SW 50 by SE
80: $10.
Mary B. Dunne to George F. Riley, lot on W line
of Seventh avenue, 200 Sof Point Lobos, 525 by
W 120; $10.
Scott Rowe to Solomon Gets, lot on N line of M
street, 82 ;6 Wof Ninth avenue, W 27:6 by N 100:
$10.
George C. Edwards and A. K. P. Harmon (ad
ministrators of estate of A. K. P. Harmon) to
George Riley, lot on S line of M street, 67:6 W of
Tenth avenue, W 50 by S 100: $550.
P. J. and Emma G. smith to Eliza Hyck, lot on
E line of Munich street, 176 S of Russia avenue. S
25 by E 100, block 92, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
AI.AMEDA COUNTY.
Christian K. Miller (by commissioner) to M. A.
Cummins, lot on S line- of Twcnty-tlrst street,
212-2 W of Broadway, W 60 by S 105:5, Oakland;
$1952.
Nancy J. Minniear to F. M. Reed, lot on E line
of Telegraph avenue, 150 N of Hawthorne ave
nue, N 50 by tc 1-J5, being lot 11, Buena Vista
Homestead, Oakland: SlO.
Joshua R. Mead (trustee) et al. to William P.
Stanley, lot on S line of Mead avenue, 300 W o>
San Pablo, W 25 by S 125.70, being lot 53, map of
Mead Park. Oakland: $10.
Fred N. and L M. .Moore to Jessie and Bessie
Dunham, lot on N line of Clinton avenue, 200 X
of Walnut street, X 50 by N 150, beini; lot 5,
block P. lands adjacent to Encinal (subject to
mortgage, rerecord of 437 d 301), Alameda; $10.
L. C. and Nellie S. Judkins to B. C. Fabrique,
lot 3, block C. Peralta Park Berkeley: $10.
Raymond A. and W. A. Perry to E. a. Laurin,
lot on W line of Christiania street, 117 8 from S
bank of Cordonices (/reek, thence S 25 by W 100,
being lot 16. block D, amended map of Christiania
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Antonio T. Rezendes to Francisco Jose Men-
I donca, lot on W line of Bray avenue, 125.16 S of
old county road, S 49 by W 1 Hf>, being lot 49. map
of Henry and Phillips Tract, Brooklyn Township:
$10.
Michael and Bridget Walsh to Lizzie E. H.
Beeby, lot 99, Searlc-d Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Lizzie E. H. Beeby to George M. Grant, same,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Andrew J. Collins to Thomas and Delia McGin
| nls, lot on S line of Eighteenth street, 100 E of
Market, E 25, S 103:9, W 106. N 25, E 100, N
I 80:8 to beginning, block I), map of property of ,
I North Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland; i
i $10.
Same to J. F. Kelly, lot on SE corner of Eigh
teenth and Market streets, E 100 by S 30:8, being
portion of lot 4, b.ock D, map of block 297, Oak- I
land; $10.
Same to Thomas and Catherine Barnes, lot on E
line of Market street, 30:8 Sof Eighteenth, S 50
by 1". 100. block '^97, property of North Oakland
Homestead Association. Oakland: $10.
Joshua R. Mead (irumee) et al. to John and
I Adele Cregan, lot on S line of Mead avenue. 225 W
! of San Pablo, W 25 by S 125.70, being lot 56, Map
! of Mead Park, Oakland: $10.
Elizabeth Sander (Wife Of J. A. A.) to E. M.
Derby A Co., lot on N line of Third street, 25 E of
Chester. E 21S by N 100. being lot 10. block E, Map
of Bay View Homestead, Oakland; $5.
Leopold J. M. Villegia to Henri Potiet, lots 71,
, 72 and 73, Map of Buena Vista Homestead, Oak
land ; $10.
; Abraham and Susie H. Lester to William Wain,
! lot en N line of Blackstone street, 192:5 X <>1
i Baker, E 50 by N 10U, being lots 16 ami 16. map
of p!at 5 and portion of plat 6, Dohr Tract, Berke- ■
, ley: $10.
John H. Church et al. (by commissioner) to ■
, Richard Taylor, lots 1 to 5, block 6. map of Fitch- I
! burg Homestead lots, Brooklyn Township; $1400.
11. U. and L. B. Ma.xlield to Jennie liate^ (wife
< of (i. ';.), lot on >' line of Jones avenue, 100 E of j
! Chestnut street, B 50 by N 141, being lot 3, block
: 14, map Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. ;
E. M. Poschwit/.and Mary E. Kuhls to Augusta |
Kuhls (undivided two-thirds) and Elea Kutils
(undivided one-third), lot on sw corner of Buena |
Vista avenue and Minturn street, S 50 by W 108,
Alameda; gift.
Estate of I>elia Jaquith et al to Oakland Bank of
Savincs, lot on S line of Buena Vtsta avenue, W 50 |
of Walnut street, W 100, S 150:2, E 50. N 50:2, E ,
60. N 100 to beginning, being lot 11, block 25,
lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; $1968.
Antelope Valley Ban* to George Sturtevant, as
to personal property of J. N. Webster, deceased;
$550.
Builder's Contract.
Peter Winfleler with Carl Shutt, to build on E
line of Howard street, 112:6 N. of Seventeenth;
«5.300. _
Dr. A. Conan Doyle, emboldened by the suc
cess ot his "A Story of Waterloo," has again
turned his attention to play writing. His uew
effort is being made in collaboration with
James Payn, who lms recently relinquished
the editorship of Cornhill. Since his return
from the Soudan Dr. Doyle has been living at
Hindhead.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
.TrNF. }S9B.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN,MOON AND TIDE
~'f. P. Coast and «3kodktic Rhrvky TrDB 1 *
BnUXTIS Published p.t OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF THM SpPKBIN'TKyDItXT. )
Tuesday, June 23.
Sunrises 4. 47!. M00n rises..
Suu seta 7.37|M00n sets.".'.'.'". 2.4»ax
. . .Tune — "
notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the i
order of occurrence as to time. Th« second lime I
column-gives the second tide of the day, the third !
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtract! v*
from the depth gjven by the charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hyiirograpiiic Office, U. S. N., "»
Mkbchanis' Exchanok. >■
San F kan Cisco. June 22. 1896. )
The time ball on Teleeraph Hill was dronpod
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 to
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. *r., Greenwich time.
A. F. FKCIITKt.KR,.
Lieutenant U. s. N. in charge.
SHIPPING INTLLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, June 22.
Stmr Caspar, Anflndsen. 62 hours from Re
dondo; railroad iron, to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 12 hours from
Point Arena: rr ties. toLE White Lumber Co.
stmr Crescent City, Allen, 33 hours from Cres
cent City pass and indse, to ilobbs, Wall A Co.
Stmr St Paul, Green, 72 nours from Newport, etc,
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fe Co.
Sunol, Dettmers, 67 hours from Grays Har
bor: X2O M ft lumber, 4CO bis snooks, to Grays
Harbor Commercial Co: bound to Moss Landing
and Monterey. Put in to land passengers.
Stmr Protection, Kllefsen. 20 hours from l sal;
338 M ft lumber, to Usal Redwood Lumber Co.
StmrArago. Conway, 35 hours from Coos Bay,
pass and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nay Co.
Bark Mohican. Sounders, 28 days from Hono
lulu; pass and sugar, to Welch * Co. •
Bktn Eureka, Paulsen, llVa days from Tacoma;
lumber, to Dickens Lumber Co.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, 50 hours from CO
qullle River: lumber, to J S Kimbali.
Sclir Reliance, skipper, la hours from Albion;
bark, to A W Beadle.
Cleared.
MONDAY. June 22.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins A Co. ''"'•"*■" ■
stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodail, Perkins
A Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY, June 22.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, san Dh?go.
Stmr State of California. Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka,
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendoclno.
Telegraphic'
POINT LOBOS, June 22-10 p. it— Weath«
hazy ; wind S\V; velocity. 20 miles. ,
Charter*.
lie bktn Jane L Stanford loads lumber at
Moody vllle for Shanghai, 62« tjd— prior to arrival.
The Br ship Beech bank is chartered for wheat to
Europe. 2s-» 9d— ls 3d les* direct— now crop load
ing. Br ships Orion, Brabloch and Cralgmore,
same business, August 1 loading, 27s 6d— ls 3d
less direct.
Spolcen.
May 6-Lat 30 S, long 47 W, ship A G Ropes, fra
New "York, for sail Francisco.
May 12— Lat 18 S, loner 87 W, Br ship MuskOKa,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Per Nor bark Eira at Port Townsend— June 17—
Lat 43 N. long 141 W, schr Win tiowden, hence
June 5, for St Michaels.
Miscellaneous.
The bark Edward May from New York for
Honolulu was spoken on June 15 In lat 40 45 N,
long 52 49 W by the stmr Urbus of Baltimore, fly
ing signals of leaking. When asked if assistance
was needed replied .by dipping ensign, indicating"
that communication was ended. Was steering
8, wind light from W, with heavy westerly swelL
Domestic Ports,
SEATTLE— Arrived June 22— Schr Salvator,
from T nita Islands, Alaska.
TATOOSH— Passed June 22— Br stmr Progres
sist, hence June 18, for Nanaimo.
CASPAR— Arrived June 22— Schr Abble, hence
June IK.
NEHALEM— SaiIed June 18— Schrs Albion and
Confianza, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 21— Schr Lottie Car
son. from San Diego. June 22— Schr Elvenla, hnc
June 15. •■: /:---' V ;r V'- ' ■ "V-'* "
LOMPOC— Arrived June 21— Schr Nettie Sund
borg. from Bo wens Landing.
'ROC KPOKT— SaiIed June 22— Stmr Scotia, for
San 1 ranclsco, via Albion.
Arrived June 22— stmr Scotia, from Albion.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 21— Stmr Arago, for
San i-'rancisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 22— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived June 22— Schr Ben
der Brothers, hence June 18.
USAL— Sailed June 21— Stmr Protection.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 22— schr \V P
Jeweit, hence June 7.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 22— Nr baric
Klra, from Melbourne. --: » :-'
FORT Ross— Arrived June 22— Schr Etta B,
hence June 21.
SAy PEDRO— Sailed June 20— Schr Roy Som
ers, for New What com.
Arrived June 22— Bktn Uncle John, from As
toria.
WEBTPoßT— Arrived June 22— Stmr Albion,
hence June 20.
Sailed June Stmr Albion, for Devilbiss
Landlnz.
ALBlON— Arrived June 22— Stmr Scotia, from
RocknorL
EUREKA— Arrived June 22— Stmr South Coast,
hence June 20; s:mr Farallon, hence June 21.
TACOMA— Arrived June 22— Schrs Salvatorand
Maggie C Russ, from Unga Island.
VENTURA— SaiIed June 22— Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco.
Eastern Ports, 1 -....,-•. :■
NEW ".".irk- Arrived June 22— Ship MP Grace
hence March 9.
Sailed June 20— Stmr Alllanca, for Colon.
Foreign Port*.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived June 18— ship
Clan Buchanan, from Vancouver.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 19— Br bark Powys
Castle, from Oregon. .•■••■.. •
CAPE TOWN— Arrived June 19— Br bark Lin
dores Abbey, from Oregon.
DUBLlN— Arrived Junelß— Br ship Philomene,
from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— June 20— Ger ship Flott
bek, from Oregon t Brshlp Glenburn, from Ta
coma: Ger bark Mathilda Deussen, from Oregon.
FREEMANTLE— Arrived June 19— Br baric
Blrkdale, from Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL-Arrived June 20— Br ship Simla,
from Seattle.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed. June 20— Stmr Orizaba,
for San Francisco.
HULL— Arrived June 20— Br bark Inveramsay,
hence Jan 11.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 20— Br ship
Cambrian King, from Oregon.
ROUEN— Sailed June 17— Fr br« Reine Blanche
for San Francisco, via Swansea.
SINGAPORE- Sailed June 19— Brship River
side, for Portlana.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 19— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
LlZAßD— Passed June 20— Br ship Hospodar,
hence June 23, for Ipswich.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 22— Stmr Ancho
ria, from Glasgow and Moville; stmr Kens>ngton
from Antwerp.
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out June 22— Stmr
Snale.
GLASGOW— out June 22— Stmr state
of California. S ■>"'-'■ -'
ANTWERP— SaiIed June 22— Stmr Western
land, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed June 22— Stmr Maasdam, frm
New I'ork, for Rotterdam.
Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per St Paul— l pkg mdse, 177 bxs
oranges, 14 bxs lemons. 100 sits peanuts.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— cs baking powder,
2 cs coffee, 2 pkgs rndse, 2 cs cigarettes.
East San Pedro— 2 pkgs mdae, 80 cs can ,ed fish,
San Pedro— l3 pkes mdse.
Hueneme— pkgs mdse.
Ventura— l cs cigars, 2 sks walnuts, 18 pkgs
mdse. 8 bdls seaweed-, 1 sk dried fruit, 2 cs escss, 2
cs machinery, 47 bxs lemons, 216 bxs oranges, 75
sks beans, 28 cs honey, 5 cs beeswax.
Carpenteria— l44 bbls asphalt
Santa Barbara— l4l bxs lemons, .10 bxs oranges,
1 bx glass. 1 bx walnuts.
Gaviota— 3 bxs fish.
Port Harford-31 cs eggs, 36 bxs butter, 23 CS
honey, 1 cs cheese, 76 pkgs mdse, 1 cs cigars, 1
coop chickens, 13 bxs fish,
Rocksiding — 815 sk3 bituminous rock.
San Simeon — 4 tubs 49 bxs butter, 6 pkgs mdsp,
6 cs eggs, 8 bales seaweed, 1 sk abalones, 6 dressed
calves.
Cayucos — bx hardware. 3 bxs books, 4 pfcga
mdse, 13 bales seaweed, 7 cs eggs, 1 tub 17 bxs
butter. 8 dressed calves '/•;• '. ■; -
Monterev— 6 pkgs squids.
CRESCENT CITY-Per Crescent City— 3o tubs
5 kegs 62 Kegs 2 firkins 140 bxs butter, 3 bbls 3
kegs 2 sks meat. 1 cs hArdware.Jl coop chickens, 1
coop turkeys, lOIPKgS mdse. — M ft lumber.
COOS BAY— Per Arago— 7so tons coal. 7 cords
stave bolts, 11 cs cheese, 1 keg 25 tubs Ix bxs but
ter, 30 eds wood, 39 rolls rag paper, 6 bales 3 cs
woolen goods, 22 piles, 2 cs baking powder, 1 keg
rennet, 1 bdl hides and furs. 114 sks potatoes, 50
hoss. 5 pkgs express, ■ 4 sealed bags. •
Port Orf — 3 salt hides, 2 bals pelts. 14 kegs,
16 tubs 8 bxs butter, 1 bdl wool, 3 pkgs irou boxes,
3 pkgs express.
. Consiirnea*.
Per Crescent City— Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Jose
Bovce; Albany Brewery; Norton, Teller A Co: Jos
Livingston; Hilmer, Bredhoff * Schulz; Enter
prise Brewery; Sherry, A villa A. Co: F B Haight;
Thomas Loughran; Baker A- Hamilton: Standard
Oil CO; Weils, Fargo A Co; Hobbs. Wall Co.
Per St Paul— Sail Francisco Music Store; J C
Nappash; Wot more Bros; L G sresovich Co: «
H Crowlev; L Scatena A Co; W 0 Price A Co: W
If Nolan ; Gray & Barbieri; " Lievre, Frlcke A Co;
National Cigarette Tobacco Co: W S Phelps Co;
Cox Seed and Plant Co; Garcia A Maggiul: Yon
Voss&Co: Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson; Colum
bus Bug^y Co: F Delmont: C A Perkins; Castle
Bros; J Ivancovlcb Co; Levi Strauss A Co; Wm
duff: J X Armsby A Co: Dodge. Sweeney A Co:
D E Allison A Co; Jonas Erlanger A Co; Chaix *
Bernard: Alcatraz Asphalt Co: A Levy A Co: U W
Alexander: American Union Fish Co; A Paladinl:
Hilmer, BredhoiT A Schulz: Dodge, Sweeney & Co;
FBHalght: Hills liros: Marshall, Teggart A Co;
Smith's Cash Store: J L Holiart : II N TlldenACo;
Enterprise Brewery: Chicago Brewery; American
Crocker? and Glassware Co: Russ, Sanders & Co;
Union Ice Co: coghill A Kohn: MT Freitas A Co:
Wheaton, Breon Co: Feillng, Cressy A Co: Labor
Exchange; Brlgham, Hoppe&Co; Kowalsky A Co;
Standard Oil Co : Gets Bros A Co: OB Smith A Co;
G Camlllonl A Co; Western Meat Co: HDutard;
E J Bowen A Co; Chas Montgomery A Co ; Chas
Jacobsen A Co: 11 Kirchniann «!c Co >' LriACO;
Alfred Wyss; Whlttlar.d Produce Co; Pacific Pav
ing Co; Lowenbcr? A Co; L Benussi: Dalton Bros;
Dairymen's Union :.Witzel A Baker. .
Per Arago— Wells. Fargo A Co: Get?: Bros &Co:
Miller, sioss A Scott: Htlraer. BredhotY a schulz:
Ross A Hewlett: W B Sumner A Co: James N.\v
lan; Holme A Hart: 8 H Frank & Co: Enterprise
Brewery; Marshall, Teggaxt A Co: Q R -t.irr A Co:
South San Francisco Packing I and Provision Co;
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Hills Bros; G G Wickson;
Russ, Sanders A Co; H Kircbmann A Co: c M
Voikruan Co: Bandon Woolen-mills: Thomas
Loughran; Wleland Brewing Co; C X Whitney <k
Co; Lievre, Fricke A Co.
fbr Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page,HAD TO REJECT
THEIR OWN PLAN
Unique System of Awarding
Bids for County-
Supplies
CAUSED A BIG ROW.
Some Bids, Apparently the Low
est, Were Really the
Highest.
FIGURES THAT TELL TALES.
A Pecu iar Method That Has Set
Merchants and Politicians
Wcnderlng.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 22. \
The Alameda County Supervisors have
devised a scheme for violating the law :e
--quiring all bids for public supplies to be
awarded to the lowest bidder. The system
is very clever, but it possesses the defect
of being illegal and will probably bring
about an open conflict between the Board
« i Trade and the Merchants' Exchange on
one hand and the Board of Supervisors on
the other. The work of to-day will prob
ably be undone and new bids asked.
This was contract day for the county
poorhou-e. The board room was made to
resemble a free market with scores of
samples of everything that the indigent
and sick eat, drink or wear in a charitably
inclined county. The space not occupied
with wares, food, drink, wood or coal was
lilled with warring contractors.
The profession of warrant-shaving is so
intimately connected with bidding for
count;. - that the board room al
ways presents an interesting scene when
the privileges are being awarded. To-day
it was more interesting than ever. A new
method of making awards had been de
termined upon and it gave general dis
satisfaction. The man who had given the
new rule most attention was Joseph
ilerrscher of San Leandro, and nearly all
his bids were lowest. Joe ran for County
Treasurer two years ago and was defeated,
but he was recognized en all sides as "the
best thing' 1 on the Republican ticket.
When groceries were called for, Herrscn
er"s bid, under the unique system adopted,
was the lowest, and there "was a protest
from other bidders. Supervisor Church
was impatient to let Herrscher get the bid
and made a motion that it be awarded to
him, even Lefore the samples were in
spected. There was such a murmur of
discontent that Church withdrew his
motion. Church then had the clerk read
the clauses of the new system seriatim,'
and as each one was read Church asked
defiantly, "Any objection?' Nona was
made, but when the totals were asked for j
there was a surprise, a flutter and general j
utterance of expression. Herrscher's total j
bid was ?7 ( J74, and Phelan ifc Fish bid !
$5643 for the same amount, yet under the [
patent •■unit system' of the Supervisors;
Herrscher's bid was the lowest.
This brought down Mr. Fish, who is ex-
Lent of the Merchants' Exchange, 1
and whe:i he made an analysis of the bids ;
he expressed himself very definitely. The
Other bids for coal, clothing, etc., were
taken up and the heat of the arguments
increased. Everybody voted that the
"unit system" was no good for legitimate
competition.
As an instar.ee of how the "unit system
is worked the following figures will show:
One man bids $4 50 a barrel for flour, ?1
a barrel for mackerel, $1 a dozen for '■
brooms and 7 cents a pound for sugar.
The amount for the unit of each is added
i:p and his bid is read out by the clerk
as $6 57.
Another man bids $3 a barrel for flour.
$5 for mackerel, $5 for brooms and 6 cents j
for sugar. His bid is read out as $13 06.
If the supplies needed were 100 barrels j
of sugar, no mackerel (which is said to be ;
t tie case), one dozen brooms, and 20,000 ;
pounds of suear the "'oweit" bidder's bill ;
would be $2551 and the highest bidder's
$1565.
When the clothing was on exhibition
the excitement got beyond the control of
the officials and they adjourned for a con
ference. Assistant' District Attorney
Cnureh arid his chief were called into con- .
sultation.
When the board reconvened the bids of
b Herrscher for groceries and dry
eood« were thrown out, although Church
and Peiouze voted for them.
Attorney Nusbaumer on behalf of Mr.
Herrscherentered a protest against such
;. as his client had complied with all
the requirements of the board.
GO SEARCHING FOR GOLD
Four Young Iron-Workers Bound
for the Feather
River.
Build a Raft for a Eo^t and a Thresh.
ing Machine Engine for Motive
Pcwer.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 22.— The four
young fortune-seekers who started from
West Berkeley last week for Feather
River on a raft and whose rudely con
structed craft sank to the bottom of the bay
before they Rot out of hearing distance
are not daunted, but are determined to
yet gather the glittering grains from the
gravel of the river bottom for which they
started. They have righted their scow and
rai.«ed their thre»hin--machine engine
from the deep mud and are again at work
:;. iikin^ ready for their expedition after
the golden metal.
These lour young adventurers, James
McFeelv, Henry Wilkie, K. Basil and D.
Beck, ranging in age from I<3 to 26, were
formerly • inpioyed bytheJndson Manu
faoturiDg Company, and. catching the sold
fever about six "months ago, decided to
strike for the gravel beds of Feather River.
They ai once set to work building a cratt
which they considered suitable to their
I nrpose. A rude boat, after the mannerof j
a niu'lscow, was constructed, and on it was
ji acd a second-hand threshing-machine ,
engiae, with which it was intended to turn |
i ne huge paddle-wheel propeller which had
hen hastily itnprorised.
A cabin was built around the engine,
and at one end of the craft were their liv- \
ing apartment-. On the forward deck was
constructed an immense dredger, by the
use of which they expected to revolution- j
ize gravel mining. A stock of provisions j
;.) la*t many months was procured, and
everything was in readiness for putting off !
when us overtook them and their !
boat sank through i lie shifting of ttie >
engine. Their earnings for months pa-t
and the r'-sult of ball a year's labor h;id
all gone to the bottom.
After a desperate struggle they sue
j ceeded in eettinn both scow and engine
above water and are again at work pre- j
paring to scrape the bed of the Feather j
River for gol i dust. They are working
daily on the boat, which is moored in the
bay off Judson Iron Works. The embryo
| miners are reluctant about disclosing their
■ complete plans and merely that they
j propose making Feather "River or "bust."
"The Advocate" Progressive,
BERKELEY, Cal., June 22.— The state
ment, published on Sunday to the effect
that the Advocate office had suffered the
; peril of a strike Droves altogether mis
'< leading. Mrs. Marquardt, the able and
i courteous co-editor, stated yesterday that
in the rush of getting out a special edition
on Saturday it was arranged with the
comDositors that paying off be deferred
I until to-day. This seems to have been
| the soie foundation for the report. As a
! mailer of fact the very pro^ressiveness OI t
the A i vacate in issuing a special edition I
i seems to have occasioned the discrediting
story. All the staff of the Advocate re
pudiate me statement that they contem
plated a strike and are confident that the
i residents of Berkeley will De in no haste
to question the stability of their favorite,
progressive and reliable local paper.
Btt the Constable* Hand.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 22.— William
■ Nieman, a deputy constable in the em-
I ploy of the Southern Pacific Company, j
! while arresting two tramps at Adeline
j station this mornine for petty larceny,
i had nis right hand severely bitten by one
of them. The flesh on the inner part of
his member was lacerated to such an ex
j tent that the services of a physician were
| necessary. The prisoners were landed in
! the County Jail and a charge of mayhem
i placed against one of them.
Interesting New* Notes.
BERKELEY. Cal., June 22.— Another
' amateur theatrical company has been j
; organized in Berkeley. The seekers j
|of histrionic fame, this time, hail j
j from South Berkeley. The members ;
iof the company are: M. C. Boag,
i George and Larry Haegerty, Frank
: Tope, John and Charles Douglass, Waiter
! and Joe Brothers, Fred Heineman, P. G.
Betts. Charles Thornton will manage |
the company. The boys expect to go on
the road in two weeks.
The Crescent bicycle annex will take a
I moonlight run to Alameda Park next
Thursday evening. A programme has
been arranged which will be given at the
Park. There will be races ranging from a i
| half mile to two miles.
The Berkeley Republicans, including i
, the Republicans of Oakland Township,
will hold a big ratification meetiug on
' next Wednesday evening in Odd Fellows'
Hail.
The Rev. George E. Swan and wife left
to-day to spend the week with Mr. and
Mrs. Charles E. Wickson at Alvarado.
Professor Charles Mills Gaylev and fam
ily left to-day by steamer for Sauta Bar
-1 bara, where they will spend several weeks
with friends.
The Board of Town Trustees held a meet- ,
ing this evening at wheih bids were re- j
ceived for a sewer on Telegraph avenue, i
between Oregon and Stewart street; for 1
grading, curbing and culverting Prince
street from Grove to Sacramento, and for '
: grading and macadamizing the east side of
Hhattuck avenue from the old charter line i
to Derby street.
The University of California Male Quar- ]
tet, consisting of C. R. Morse, Frank Ar- I
! gall, S. C. Baldwin and W. W. Durant, ;
i are preparing to make a concert tour of !
th» State. They will leave in a few days, j
Professors "Wood worth and Jaffa of the
department of agriculture of the State
University returned yesterday from their
I lecturing tour to the dairying districts of j
Humboldt County. They report the
dairies in that region to be in excellent
condition.
A FLOATING BODY.
Bridge-Tender William Fottg f-ees a
Body Floating, but Falls to
Secure It.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— William
Pfctts, the tender of the Webster-street
bridge over the estuary, says he saw a body
of a man float under the bridge at 6:30
o'clock this morning, but he failed to se
cure it. He says it -was the body of an
elderly man, lying face downward in the
water without a hat. The top of the head
was bald and on the back there was a
growth of grayish sandy hair.
According to Potts' story tha tide was
carrying the body away when he saw it, and
be being in a very frail craft was afraid it
would upset him if he started to tow it in.
After he got a better boat he failed to find
the corpse and declared that it sunk. He
rowed around for some time but cou'.d find
no trace of it. He thinks the clothes
caught upon a nail on the timoers of the
bridge and the tide sucked it downward.
CHINESE MAY RECOVER.
Murderously Assaulted by White Men
for the Sake of Securing
Opium.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— The three
Chinamen who were murderously assault
ed by unknown white fiends Sunday night
on Oak street, are still alive at the Receiv
ing Hospital. Dr. Johnson gives hopes of
tneir ultimate recovery now, but it will
take some time for their wounds to heal.
It took him five hours to dress their
wounds.
One of them had fourteen knife cuts
dressed, all about the head and hands.
He refused to come to the hospital till this
mornine, and presented a pitiable sigiit.
! Another one of them had his windpipe
severed and barely saved his jugular
vein. The other one had his lung pene
; trated with the knife.
Detectives Holland and Williams have
good descriptions of the three white fiend*,
and have hopes of placing them behind
the bars shortly. They got $20 and a gold
watch from the Chinamen's cabin.
MRS. ME' HAN FOUND.
She Is Here, While Her Husband Is
Hunting Her in Portland.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— Mrs. M. J.
Meehan, who deserted her aged husband
about two weeks ago and took with her,
as he claims, all of tiis pension money,
has been located with her two children at
liy Turk street, San Francisco, where she
has been ever since she left this city.
Her husband believed ?he had none to
Portland, so he sold the honsehold furni
ture a<;d went there in hopes of finding
lier. He is an invalid from exposure while
in the regular army.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Innifda County Ilapnenlngi Told in
Itrief Chanters.
Oakland Office San- Francisco Call, )
90* Broadway, June 22. j
The trial of Charles Gordon, the confeder
ate of A. Root, the alleged gold-brick man,
will come up before Judge Greene to-morrow.
James H. Potter, employed in the Southern
Pacific yards h re. met with a serious mishap
on Friday and sustained such serious bruises
that be will be unable to wont for some days.
11. WaltT Spanieling, secretary of the Board
of Public Works, who \va» taken suddenly iil
Saturday afternoon, «raa un»t>le to be at work
!o-'iny. although since yesterday his condition
has somewhat improved.
The members of the faculty of the Sacred
Heart College of .San Francisco have Rone into
a spiritual retreat at Si. Mary's College tn this
city. The retreat will be conducted by Brother
Clementian, late of I'aris.
On Saturday an attachment for ¥5200 78 was
sued out against blo< k 'i\ tn Emeryville by the
a'torneys of Ellen Hnmlin of San Francisco.
The writ was issued againht Abm-r Doble and
J. S. Emery, al then jjh. the property stands in
the name of John \V. Farren.
Sup»rvisor Johnston has asked Roa£ Fore
man Keller of the Piedmont Roml District to
tender his resignation as such officer. He In
tends to appoint Chris Jessan to tne position
now held by Keller and says he will do so on
the Ist of July whether Keller tenders his
resignation or not.
Attorney J. H. Smith has given notice of his
intention to ask fora new trial for the purpose
of showing the executors of the will of the late
Phi Up linogar that ho is entitled to more than
#2000 from the estate of the deceased for legal
services. He sued for s2soo and the allow
ance of the court was $2OuO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
MEYER WAS NOT
AT THE WEDDING,
Sudden Disappearance of an
Oakland Newspaper
Man.
BRIDE WAITED IN VAIN.
The Groom-Elect Invited All His
Friends and Then Van
ished.
AN ANGRY BROTHER ARRIVES.
Searches the City for His Sister's
Lover, but Meets With No
Success.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 22. j
There was genuine surprise in this city
this morning when the news was read in
The Call that Meyer Cohen was missing.
Meyer Cohen is as well known as any one
; on Broadway, and as he is a very genial
i fellow and not ultra-seclusive regarding
Mcy., cohen, the Missing Groom-Elect,
Who Was to Have Been Married in
San Jose Sunday.
his own affairs, everybody knew of his
approaching wedding. A few days ago the
following invitation was received by scores
of his friends in this city :
Mr. and Mrs. A. Greenberg request the pleas
! nre of y>>ur company at the wedding of their
; daughter, llinda, to Meyer Cohen. Sunday,
I June 21, 1896, at 5 o'clock p. M., 158 South
: Eighth street, San Jose, Cal.
Meyer told large-sized stories of the in
dividual wealth of the bride-elect and of
the settlement that his father-in-law was
to make to him, and there were many who
thought him very fortunate in his
prospects. He was here hist Thursday,
but has not been seen since, and several of
his friends went to San Jose yesterday to
be present at the wedding. As told in to
day's dispatches, everything and every
body were present at the lovely Greenberg
home except the groom-elect. Search has
been made for Cohen to-day but no one
has been able to find him, and all sorts of
rumors are rife as to the cause of his ab
sence at such a critical time.
Cohen is an OaKland reporter- He has
worked on all the papers over here and
went East about three years aco, return
ing last fall. He is of a very affable nature
and is generally liked. His many ac
quaintances believe that he will turu up
and giv'- a goo>l account of himself, as it is
not at all in accordance with his usual be
havior to be ungallant to the ladies.
He was secretary of the baseball league
that went to pieces a few months ago and
has filled many transient positions, as
doorkeeper at the tabernacle and promoter
of public concerts.
A little incident occurred a few weeks
ago that has an added signilicance at t. is
time. The city editor of a local paper pub
lished a notice of the wedding and sarcas
tically concluded thus: ''The marriage
may take place June 21." Cohen was mad
wtien he saw the notice and visited the
office with the intention of having re
venge. Nobody was killed, however, and
the editor stated to-riay that he had prophe
sied more wisely than he had intended.
A brother of Miss Greenberg, the de
serted bride, has been in Oakland to-day
seeking Cohen and an explanation, but
has not found either.
FEES CONTESTED
Mr*. D. D. Crovriey'g I. c :tl Advisers
Want More Mon< y.
OAKLAND. Cal., June 22.— When the
THE PICTURE NOBODY WILL OWN.
CMKXAND, Cal., June 22.— 1n the old Tabernacle there Is a large oil paint
ing t : ♦ . ur]inrt« to be a representation of the seal of California. Nobody knows
who «iw.i> it, and on account of itn execrable appearance, viewed from an artistic
standpoint, no one will claim to bo the painter. It has hung at the bark of the
platform through religious and political meetings, but will soon have to go, as
the Exposition directors will not have the hideous thing in position at their
coining show. The drawing is frightful and the coloring is vile and yet the
canvas has been gazed at by tens of thousands of people. The accompanying
picture is a faithful copy of the painting. It will be observed that the face is
not nearly so broad as the arm.
Crowley divorce case was reached in court
this morning, instead of the findings beir.g
submitted in the form of a decree Mrs.
Crowley's attorneys, W. R. Davis and F.
L. Button, made a request that they be
allowed $230 additional fees for services
rendered.
This was strongly objected to by R. M.
Fitzgerald, counsel for the defendant, Dr.
Crowley, who contended that the estate
was small, that there had been no contest
and that counsel bad been detained in
court but half a day, and therefore $250
was sufficient for a fee.
After some further discussion the mat
ter went over until Wednesday morning,
when all interested can be present and
be heard.
UNKNOWN SUICIDE.
A Stranger Shoots Himself on the
Steamer Piedmont and Diea in
the Hospital.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22. — A man
about (50 years of age, having the appear
ance of being a Mexican or West Indian,
shot himself iv the head on the ferry-boat
Piedmont on her 11 o'clock trip from San
Francisco this morning and died from the
effects of the wound at the Receiving Hos
pital this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
He stood outside of the chain on the
! rear end of the boat, and evidently in
tended that his body should fall into the
bay and sink, for eech pocket of his over
coat was rilled with shot. But he fell in
the opposite direction, and was taken care
of by the deckhands, and, upon the arri
val of the boat at the long wharf, he was
sent to the Receiving Hospital. The bul
let entered his brain and caused uncon
sciousness from which he never recovered.
The revolver snapped twice before going
off. The boat was opposite Goat Island
when the tragedy occurred.
The only means for identification found
upon the suicide's person was a satchet of
j powder put up at Flint's pharmacy of this
city bearing the name of V. P. Smith,
Do'wnieville. Cal. He had been a sufferer
from jaundice, and ill health may have
caused the rash act.
BECAUSE SHE IS MARRIED
Mrs. Shockley Doubts the Ex
planation of Her Failure to
Be Re-elected.
Many Married Women Retained, but
She Was the Only One
Dropped.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 22. C
Mrs. Harriet B. Shockley, who was
I dropped from the roll of the teachers in
; t-e public schools a week ago without any
j explanation, is making an investiga
tion as to the reason for her non-election.
So far she has only been able to learn
that she was dropped because she was a
married woman, but so long as many
■ other married women are in the depart
j ment Mrs. Shockley does not believe that
was the reason.
The Oakland Board of Education elects
\ teachers every year in secret session. No
! one in the department is certain of more
! than a year of service, and there is great
' fear and trembling every time the first
j Monday in June comes around.
No reason is given when a teacher is
j dropped, and the members of the board
i say that the object of the secret session is
j to protect the reputations of the teachers,
j as a public discussion would be very an
' pleasant.
This explanation is the source of much
feeling on the part of teachers who fail of
re-election, as they naturally infer that
they are dropped because of some dere
liction of duty or incapacity. This is a
; very unpleasant experience for the teach
| ers, but there is no remedy.
Mrs. Shockley is not satisfied to let mat
ters rest. She has been attached to the
! department for some years. Last year a
I rule was introduced forbidding ihere-elec
! tion of any woman teacher who had a hus
: band living, but it failed of passage.
"I have been told by one School Direc
; tor," said Mrs. Shcckfey to-day, "that I
! was dropped because I am a married
i woman. This explanation would be a
good one if all the other married women
were dropped, but such is not the case. 1
am not satisfied with the manntr in which
I was dropped, and I propose to investi
gate and see what it all means."
Married or Xot?
OAKLAND, Cal.. June 22.— Mrs. D. D.
Baroteau, the divorced wife of Baron Ba
roteau, who was freed from matrimony a
week ago, reported to her friends to-day
that she had married Jack Troy. Mrs.
Baroteau i- 48 years old and Mr. Troy is
22. When seen this evening Mr. Troy de
nied that he was married, and there is no
record of any license having been issued
to the couple.
CURTIS V INDICATED.
Judge Wood I vidently Bolieves He
Only Did Hig Duty.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— J udge Wood
of the Police Court completely vindicated
Officer Curtis to-day when he denied the
motion for a new trial on behalf of Hen
Wong, the convicted Chinese lottery
dealer, on whose behalf Thoma- F. Aenew
filed an affidavit attacking Curtis' official
conduct in summoning jurors.
The sentencing of the prisoner was de
ferred awaitin.' the return ol Assistant
District Attorney Moore, who is enjoying
his vacation in Colorado, as there was a
question raided as to just what the testi
mony had been regarding the identifica
tion of the defendant.
FOR POLITICAL EQUALITY.
Woman Suffrage Has Not Dis
turbed the Marital Rela
tion in Colorado.
Lincoln Avenue Has Not Yet Been
Gained for the City — A Domes
tic Goes Wading.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22.— The regular
meeting of the Political Equality Society
was held this afternoon in Foresters' Hall,
the president, Mrs. E. L.Wood, in the chair.
After a few remarks by the Rev. S. A. Taft
Mrs. Hazlite, a resident of Colorado, ad
dressed the meeting.
She told her hearers that so far she had
not been able to perceive any change in
the condition of things generally since
women had been granted the franchise.
They experienced no difficulty in casting
their ballots and she had heard of no dis
sentions in married life caused by the
woman voting one way ana the husband
another. Indeed, the women see as well
as the men that their interests are identi
cal and the woman knows her interests
are bound up in his.
In speaking of the way women worked
to gain their freedom to vote Mrs. Hazlite
said the work was carried on on much the
same lines as are in use in this State. She
paid a hi^h tribute to the personal excel
lence of the miners of Colorado and cited
amusing instances of the way the would
be suffragists waylaid them as they came
off their shifts.
It was decided to hold the meetings
without any break or vacation time.
City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22. — At the
meeting of the Board of City Trustees
accounts to the amount of $4627 were
passed for payment.
An invitation from the Board of Health,
Oakland, was received fixing a meeting of
the combined public bodies to consider
the present unsanitary condition of the
tidal canal at Oakland on Friday evening,
June 26.
The City Attorney stated that in his
opinion no change of grade at the inter
section of Seventh street and Atlantic ave
nue could be made until a majority of the
frontage owners had presented a petition
askine such change to be made.
J. B. Pitchford, mechanical engineer, i
San Francisco, who drew the plans and |
specifications for the electric-light works, !
addressed the board on the lackness dis
played by him in their construction. He i
admitted that the work was not good, but I
bethought that was not his fault, as he
had a deputy to look alter the work. He
claimed the boilers were better set than
ni ne-tenths of the boilers in the State.
The Street Commissioners of Buena
Vista avenue were allowed $25 each for
extra services.
The ordinance prohibiting expectorating
i in public places or in public conveyances
! was carried.
No bicycles are to be ridden on the
I streets at a greater speed than twelve
miles an hour.
A Home Wedding.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22.— Rev. H.
Haserodt of the German Lutheran Church
united William Wahmuth and Miss Bertha
Ruf in the bonds of matrimony yesterday
i afternoon. The ceremony was performed
i at the residence of the bride's parents,
! 32)5 Briggs avenue.
The bride was most attractively dressed
• in lavender silk, with sprays of orange
blossoms in her hair and veil. Her Bister
j acted as bridesmaid and her brother Otto
j as best man.
Quite a large party of relatives and
! friends assembled to witness the cere
| mony, the bridegroom being the son of
Henry Wahmuth. who was formerly a
prominent brewer in San Francisco.
Anticipating.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22.— The nine
vear-old son of Alexander lnnes, named
\Varren, thought he would, with a com
fianion's assistance, ascertain if the regn
ation allowance of powder was in the
bombs he had purchased in anticipation
of the glorious Fourth.
The bomb went off too quickly for the
lad and he nearly lost his left "eye as a
consequence. Dr. Tisdale's assistance had
to be obtained to save the organ and
get the powder out of his eye and cheek.
I.imlrrmiiii Opera-House.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22.— A new exit,
I five feet in width, is being constructed in
Linderman Opera-house. It will be a
separate stairway, and relieve the crowd
from the gallery from meeting with those
who use the ground Moor.
Mr. Linderman's work is in accordance
with the recommendation of the fire com
; mittee who inspected the buildines in
I Aiay, their atiention having been called to
! thematter in The Call in April.
Nut s Suicide.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22. — Jasper
Winant reported to the police this morn
ing that a woman was trying to commit
suicide in the bay at the foot of Oak street.
Constable Day hastened to the scene and
j found the woman wadine in the bay. She
j told him she was not going to take her
life just yet. She had been having "a
time" and was cooling off.
Revival Services.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22.— The revi
valist. Rev. T. G. Patterson, is now ex
horting in the streets and is drawing quite
| a large crowd of onlookers. He is being
j apsis ed by the Rev. F. D. Bovard of the
' M. E. Church and other evangelical min
isters. Services are held after the street
exhortations in the Park-street M. E.
Church.
Lincoln Avenue.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 22.— Mrs. Emily
G. Cohen has been granted ten days'
further lime wherein to file a notice of
her intention to move for a new trial in
the case recently decided in favor of the city
in the matter of opening Lincoln avenue
through the Cohen property.
WILL SOON RESPOND.
Father Akrrly, the Venerable Episcopal
Minister, Appears to Be Preparing;
for the Last Call.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— The Rev.
Benjamin Akerly, rector emeritus of the
St. John's Episcopal Church, is rapidly
declining and old age and general weak
ness are fast drawing the career of the
popular minister to an end. For the nast
two weeks he ha 9 heen confined to his bed,
unable to move about, though he is not
afflicted with any particular ailment.
Father Akerly, as he is reverently called
by tne whole population of the city, was
one of the first clergymen to establish a
church in Oakland, and during his long
ministerial career ht ha* christened, mar
ried and buried more people than probably
any ether two ministers of Oakland. He
is nearly 80 years of age, half of which
has been spent in church work.
AFTER R OAD HOUSES.
Supervisor Church Wants Their Li-
cence*;
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— Supervisor
Church went after the road housss to-day
and if they fail to heed his note of warn
ing they may find themselves in trouble.
Many of them have let their liquor li
cense expire and either refused or neg
lected to renew them.
To-day at the meeting of the Board of
Supervisors Supervisor Church called at
tention to the Lafayette House, Wingate's
and the Whito House, and asked that the
District Attorney take the matter oefore
the Grand Jury. He said the county expert
had notified twenty-five other saloon-keep
ers that their license had expired, and if
they did not come to time at once they, too,
AUCTION SALE FDR CREDITORS.
•
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed in my hands by the CREDITORS of the
ORIENTAL TRADING COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises,
419 KEARNY STREET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 10:30 A. M. and 3 P. 31., and Continuing Daily Until All Is Sold.
This is positively the largest stock on the coast, consisting of Oriental Ococo Rugs, Elegant Screens,
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old Sitsuma. Kaga, Koc.'H. Cloisonne, Aw*ta. Biahu. Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Ancient and Musical Instruments. .Sale positive as store is rented. Ladies particularly invited.
CHAS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
AUCTION SALE !
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms — 1 1 .T5 Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saiedays,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 7oL
THIS DAY,
Tuesday... .June 23, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. at Salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth,
WE WILL SKI. I.
Elegant line Furniture, carpets. Upright Piano,
Stoves and Ranges, Toilet Sets, Crockery, fete.
CHAW. LEVY <£ CO., Auctioneer*.
THIS DAY AT 2 P. M.
FURNITURE OF FLAT
420 Fourteenth St.. Near Valencia.
FRANK W. BUTTEKFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery street.
AICTIOSUALE.
On account of unpacking and preparing the
large stock of unclaimed furniture and merchan-
dise for sale at warehouse, 211 Larkin St., auction
will be postponed until June 25.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer.
would be reported to the Grand Jury.
Among the latter were William Peru, Elm
hurst; Mary McConnell, racetrack en
trance; J. H. Jurgens, Golden Gate; L.
Lehmkuhl, Golden Gate; .1. Tierney, Broad
way and Columbus avenue; Joseph Ras
piller, Dalton and San Pablo avenue; H.
Brockelman, Golden Gate; Leuz & Wat
hermorth, Half-way House, San Leandro
road.
THE GARBAG 'S QUESTION.
Improvement Club Taking Active Stepg
to Solve It.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— The West
Oakland Improvement Club is now
ready to let the contract for the moving of
2500 yards of earth for the beginning of
the filling of the West Oakland marsh,
which has been under discussion for so
many years. They have the money in
hand to pay for this work and they will
be assisteu in this enterprise by the North
Oakland Club. This is the beginning of a
thoroughfare from Seventh street to North
Oakland, the racetrack, stockyards and
West Berkeley.
The club now has under consideration
a more sanitary and practical method of
di posing of the garbage that i 3 being
dumped between Curtis and Adeline
streets.
Young People's Party Against Teller.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— The Young
Men's People's Party Club of Ala
meda County, the representative or
ganization of the party in this county,
held a large and enthusiastic meeting this
evening, when they took steps to stem the
Teller tide that appears to be raising
steadily in their party. The following
declarations were adopted unanimously as
expressive of the party sentiment of this
vicinity:
The Younp Men's People's Party Club of
Alameda County stands aghast at tne assump
tion of certain members oi the National Com
mittee, under the chairmanship of H. E.
Tttubenech, with the tide of success settine
ton arcl our standard, t:> surrender the grand
principles of the People's party to the single
issue of free silver, and passing by vried and
true Populists to advise the acceptance of a
candidate fresh from the Republican party,
who repudiates being a Populist. While we
respect the honesty nnd manhood of Henry
M. Teller, we recognize in Senator M. V. Alien
of Nebraska a true Populist, sound upon the
silver issue and worthy of the supDort of the
r»rty that he has so honored in the halls of
National legislation. We affirm our belief that
sincere friends of financial reform should rally
to the People's party, which declared for tree
silver in che Omaha platform, and is capable of
dealing with this as with every other great
issue before the American people.
Big Damage Suit.
OAKLAND. Cal.. June 21.— The suit
of Suail Grant for $20,0X1 damages against
Dr. J. P. Sarsrieid has been transferred to
this county from San Francisco. It was
hied May 28. when the plaintiff alleges
that by unskillful treatment and neglect
she was contined to her bed for wteks.
She claims to have paid him $150 for medi
cal treatment aiul $80 for nursing.
l.iimir- Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— W. E.
Lamb, a member of the brokerage firm of
A. G. Gwinett <fc Bro. ol San Francisco,
died at his residence, 963 Seventh street,
at 11 o'clock this morning. He had been v
resident of Caiirornia twenty-tive years,
and leaves considerable propenv and a
widow.
* — «> — •
Christian l-n<leavorers
OAKLAND, Cal., June 21— The city
Christian Endeavor Union held an import
ant meeting this evening and elected offi
cers for the coming year.
They took action "in regard to the Sun
day drills of tne Fire Department that will
undoubtedly provoke opposition. A reso
lution was introduced condemning the
practice of breaking tlie Sabbatn with fire
drills.
The city union also elected the follow
ing officers to-night to serve during the
coming year:
Blackwell's Genuine
Yon will find one coupon inside each 2 ounce bag and two coupons Inside each 4 ounce bag.
Buy a bag, read the coupon and see how to get your share of $250,000 in presents.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY AND TO-MORROW,
Jane 23 and 24, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. of each day, at
MISS MARY lake's
SCHOOL,
S. E. Corner of Suiter and Octavia Sts.,
THE ELEGANT AND ELABORATE
Drawing- Room, Reception - Room,
Library, Music-Room, Dining- "
Room and Chamber
FURNITURE
BY OATAL.OQUB,
COMPRISING IX PART,
10 Concert Grand, Upright and Square Pianos—
Btelnway, Chickerlng, Decker, Weber, Rosener
ana Light & Co.'s makes; Rich and Elegantly Up-
holstered Sofas, Arm ana Easy Chairs, Lounges,
Patent Rockers, Reception Chairs, etc.; Solid Oak
Reception, Rocking and Patent Rocking Chairs;
Solid Oak, Walnut ana Ebony Bookcases, Cabi-
nets and Music-Stand* : Elaborate Carved Solid
Oak Bedsteads, Bureaus and Chiffoniers: 25 Oak
Chamber Sets: Hair Spring Mattresses; Rich Glace
Armoircs: Magnificent Gold Frame Mirror; Mag-
nificent Oak Sideboard and Hat Tree: Dining-
Tables; Butler's Sideboard: Vienna Bentwood
Chairs; Onyx and Ebony Pedestals; Bronze Man-
tel-Clock; Elegant Bric-a-Brac; Flegant Engrav-
ings and Etchings: Japanese Plaques; China,
Glassware and Plated Ware: Elegant Lambre-
quins and Lace Curtains and Cornices. Also
The Contents of the Gymnasium and
Schoolroom*,
COMPRISING
60 Sets Pulley Lifts. 75 Sets Indian Clubs, 100
Sets Dumbbells: ViCircle Foils, Masks and Pads;
Handsome Platform Scales: Rich Books, Charts,
etc.; '250 School Desks, assorted sizes; 12 Teach-
ers' Desks, and an endless variety of articles for
school purposes.
Residence open for inspection on Monday, June
22, 1896, from 9 o'clock a. m. until 5 o'clock P. if.
Catalogues at residence on Monday and at our
office.
Remember the hour of the sale, at 10 o'clock:
a; M.
Auction sale Tuesday and Wednesday. June
23 aaiJJ^ 1896.
■ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
Auctioneers.
Office, 638 Market Street.
President, H. J. Waters, Baptist; vice-presi
dent, E. T. Leiter, Congregational; recording
secietary, Miss Helen G. French, United Pre»
byterian; corresponding secretary, Miss Alice
B. Wythe, Methodist; treasurer, Gilbert Rob
ertson, Presbyterian.
The city union was only formed one
year ago, but the reports were very grati
fying and showed rapidly increasing mem
bership.
Ferry Suicide Identified.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 22.— Tne body
i of the man who committed suicide to-day
! was identified this evening by J. H.
• Hickox as that of William M. Towle of
] Downieville, a miner "40 years of age.
; His wife lives in Baneor, Me., and a
daughter, Mrs. A. A. Dowe, in Pueblo,
Colo.
Mrs. Spencer's Suit.
i Sarah Owen Spencer nas applied to the
Superior Court to have the judgment obtained
against her by Henrietta G. Wltzemanu set
I aside. Mrs. Spencer was accused by Carl yon
! Tiedeman of figuring as Harriet P. Christy in
| a swindle which involved a transfer of 500
j shares of the Southern California Fruit and
i Improvement Company. It is claimed that
Mrs. Spencer was bedridden in Arkansas and
unable to attend the trial and that her attor
ney allowed the case to default.
• — » •
Every man has more than he needs of
i something.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio for tr»»
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys an 1 bini-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervlaa,
bells on its own Merits— no long-winded teitt«
monials necessary.
>AKI,K, Att'S .V BRUNK, Agent*,
i 823 Market St., S. *\— (send for Circular.)
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62«5 KEARW ST. Established
in I*sl for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
« - ur«-«Kii«r:tnl«-«-d. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *'• «iIBBO3T, Box 1957. San Francisco.
1314
FAIR NATIVES FEAST.
In Honor of Mrs. Mary Tillman, Presi
dent of Minerva Parlor, They
Hold High Revel.
The Native Daughters of the Golden
West held a banquet at Native Sons' Hall
lust night. The occasion was a celebra
tion of Minerva Parlor in honor of Mrs.
Mary Tillman, lately elected as grand
president.
Officers and representatives of all the
different parlors in San Francisco were
present. The lirst toast of the evening
was to "Our Flag," responded to by Lil
lian Carlie of La Estrella Parlor; the sec
ond, to "Our Pioneer Fathers and Moth
ers," responded to by Miss Lizzie Douglas
of Aha Parlor; the third, to "The Native
Sons," responded to by Mrs. Simpson of
Buena Vista Parlor; the fourth, to "Our
Order," responded to by Miss Lillie Rich
ling, the founder of the organization; and
the last to "Our President," responded to
bv Mrs. Mary Tillman.
"Mrs. Tillman was presented with an ex
quisite testimonial in the shape of a pen
,f gold and mother-of-pearl.
Following are the various committees,
and a list of those present:
Committee of arrangements— Annie L. Don
aldson (chairman), Maggie Milioglar, Mary
A Dempsey, Hattie Money, Mary A. Wynne.
Guests— Keichling (founder of order),
Mrs. Marv E. Tillman (grand president), Mrs.
Georgie Ryan (grand secretary). Ruby Menzer
■Brand trustee), Lizzie Douglas (grand trustee),
Carrie W. Creigh, Maggie A. Wynne, Mrs. A. L.
Pendergast, Mary A. Dempsey, Hattie H. Mur
ray, Annie G. Qulnn. Annie L. Donaldson,
Mrs. Emma Bond, Maggie Milioglar, Mrs.
J Stein back, Mrs. L. Carlie, Mrs. Rader,
Mrs R. D. Barton, Mrs. D. King, Agnes Carey,
Nellie Wynne, Mrs. Sarah Luckow, Mrs. Carrie
Muller, May Noonan, Mrs. M. Connor, Mrs. M.
Storke, Kate Curran, May Smith, May McNeil,
Maggie Wall, May Waters, Anna Gruber, Han
nah "Maes, Lucy Roche, Mrs. M. Coleman,
Minnie Sericano, Maggie Marshall, Mary
Ducker, Mrs. A. J. Simpson, Rosie Day, Mrs.
Theodore Lunstedt, Jennie Kelly, Mrs. V.
Stevens, Florence Shultes of Alameda, Mrs.
S. Schroeder of Alameda. Mrs. J. Paul of Oak
land, Mrs. Brown of Oakland, Julia Moeller,
Mrs. Dr. 8. Kobiske, Abbie McLaughlin, Mrs.
Anna Robertson, Mrs. T. Vollertsen, Mary
Creigh, Mrs. J. Schwaner, Belle Creigh. Rebecca
Kimball, Maria Quinn, Bertha Mastny, Mrs.
Eva Kearns.
— *> — •
HOTEL ARRIVALS
BALDWIN HOTEL.
\Y Cochran. San Rafael J E Bourke, Chicago
G Gess. St Louis A T Bailell, Manston
J J Nelly, Stockton H Vurich, Los Angeles
C G Connor, Bakersfield W It Flsk, Chicago
J Loss _ w, Santa Cruz It Buner. Stockton
F !. Miiner, San Joss II Suchim, Alameda
Mrs Scammell, Danville F li Willson, San Jose
0 M Smith, Seattle K Martin, Vallejo
S Brook, Vancouver Mrs H Dillon, Fresno
U Morgan, Selmar Miss Watts, Butte
K Johnson. Portland F Blair, San Diego
C A Barnes, San Diego
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
MrsDEWeldon, 8 Monica E T Liefield, Conn
W li Conway, Ft Bragg E Leslie, Fort Bragg
3 Dxary, Bedding J Shaoghnessy, -acto
J Chironi, Sacramento M Beilly, San Bafael
3 A Smith, Fairfield AY S VanderbUt, N C
W J Rickeley, Oakland E C Jones & w, Victoria
H Loo:, Seattle Mis A thaw, Victoria
D H A agile, Seattle .1 R Whitney, Victoria
B E Raymond, Seattle R 11 Murphy, New York
0 C Nelson. Montana Leclln. New York
MrsLMetzler_tiy, B Jose E Richardson, Visalia
LICK HOUSE.
A P Johnson. Sonora C La Rue, Merced
G Hartzell, Jackson "William J Grady. S Jose
li 8 Phillips,8acramento c J O'Brien, Los llanos
A P Moore, Merced 1' J Francis, Santa Bosa
J J FJt-natrick, Oakland J J Wilson it wt, LosAng ■
Geo ii I banc*. Port I MrsG 0 Briggs.Davisville
Mrs H F v'alette.Chicago Miss I- V Jaeger.Chicago
W J T Orr. Santa Rosa Mike Mitchell. White B '.
A M Melne, Santa Los:. F C Milliard. Los An?
J H AVadsworth Eureka E C Apperso__rwf,S Clara
A 1-. Ehrenburg, Cologne A McMellan, Knoxville
EM All'-::. San Jose S Blay & - era, Mexico
B B Lewis, Alleghany J L Cate, Chicago
V.'m F Wickware, Seattle
Kiss HOUSE.
Miss M E Levine, Cal J A Hirsck, New Orleans
C M Lynch, Alameda J J Max;.-. La
H I. Borgwardt Jr, Cal J p Baton, Bedding.
F M Mosier, Tracy 8 Price, Butte
W B Clark, Santa Cruz M J Flannery, San Jose
M .-- L Cliamberline, Or C WeUville, Sacto
A B Guthrie, Sacto J J Chisholm, Byron S
0 A Sanders Neb L La Forge, Lincoln, Neb
Mrs F a Bennett, Fresno J Gray, w At c, Cal
Miss A Clark. San Jose W 11 Weddlngton, La
G W Hoag, Corning «; W Stevens, Benicia
Miss EBurnetl, Eureka H S Lamb, orland
W A Chainberlau, Cal AY McGorvan, Ft Bragg
J Ketchum, Ft Bragg <. Bo: >'• Grass Valley
W J Mathews. La .1 P Eaton, Redding "
Mrs W it Ballard. Cal W E Liallager, Denver
Mrs M K Young, La D H Dechard, Watson vil
A Hood, san Jose
.-LAND HOTEL.
F D Frost A w, Cal Miss Blaackburn, Cal
Miss A Blackburn, Cal J li Murphy & w, Cal
Mrs W Boul.lon. Cal R Dollar, .-an Kafael
Miss Dollar, San Rafael A M Itobb, Port Costa
J W Houston; Courtland J M Pettigew, Cal
W K Barinoi Cal J s Herman. Fresno
w B schaw, Sacto G J Jenkins,' Cal
IB B Thomas, Cal T J James, Cal
G F Forrest. Los Gatos Irving Keen, Florida
C Crowley; Los Ange Miss Cody, Tulare
Mrs Cody, Tulare G T Adams, Boston
'. Hoi brook, Jackson Dr Lush, 8 ntaCruz
P Sweed, Petaloma I E Madran, San Jose
C A Hood.. -an Jose W il Harran, Cal
Miss A N Church, M'inn Mrs S A March, Minn
Mrs - A Coe. San Jo3e W A Bodman, Everett
B E Rodman. Everett F J Banck, Chino
C fl Worcester <& w, 111 HE Southwell & w, ill
C B Sharen, Fresno H Richardson, Los natos
J llerinin.way. Chicago J A White, Ventura
1 J Walton, Vreka A J Daulton, Santa Bam
R Clark, Fresno A C dobbins, Cal
H T human, Cal W 3 Loring, Angels
G T Inaley, Los Angelas C P Siewart, Los Aug
H Lenthead. Los Aug P Walker w & f. Mich
M L <-. man w A f . Mo C J Johnson, Chicago
C E King \v it f, Colusa J Sullivan, Willows
G a Dougherty, Cal .1 En right, Bedding
H ... Church, Clinton J C Tice. Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
IL J Lake. Santa Cruz <> M Hymns, N Y
B - Skinner, Indiana a C P. Roberts, Phila
J i: Lewis. Phila J Milt Jr, Oakland
W Montgom ry, Trenton J Wood, Phila
E Davis, London Mr- E Davis, London
Miss Halford, London Percy Talbott, London
Dorothy 1 albott. Londn Phyllis Talbott, Loudon
Mrs la bott, London J ii. Morgan Jr. Alliance
F Hopkins & wt, Memo R W Parry, Reno
Mrs K L Thomas, Cine WE Bloyer. Cincinnati
Mrs Bloyer, Cincinnati R C Winterman; • Incinn
Mrs Winterman, Cincin E li Carter, DesMoines
>. onnkon, Si Louis W 8 i.atta, Lincoln
T W Miles. Denver Robert Miles, Denver
WE Kennett, Yorkville Mrs Kennett, Yorkville
M LNeedham, Aurora Mrs Needham, Aurora
Miss Needham, Aurora L E Lowe, Paris
Mrs R E Bowe, Paris Mrs A Sweeney, st Paul
Dr T Garth, Clarion Mrs Lr Garth, Clarion
Dr L Pond, Aurora Mrs F C Sherman, Conn
C P Drake, Clinton Dr J K Scudder, Cinnatl
Mrs-; I! lineal. Cincnti P K Howes. Boston
II C Holder, Liverpool W Knabe, Liverpool
J w Minium. Mimu.-n F W Partridge, Los Ang
FT Johnson.. wf.SRafael J Drew, N Y
Miss Barrymore, N Y W p Harrington, Colusa
A Macmillan, Towio Baron ]_-. .{range Paris
3"' E L Russell, Spngfild Mrs K i. Russell.Spn.fild
Mrs L Russell. rngfild Miss Russell, Springfield
Dr G Covert, Clinton Mrs A Woodard, Clinton
Miss Vanderlyn, Clinton Dr W J Grinnell, Ohio
L E Cook, Ohio
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai.i
--/10 Market street, open until 12 c clock everj
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— SBO Montgomery street
tornerClay; opfn until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission ureets, opes
sntil 9 oviock. .
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE or MEETINGS.
WETS' PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AN I) b~
&-©' A. M., 121 Eddy st.omeets THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 clock. jKif
Second D. GEO. PENLINGTON, Sec. /N_^\
rrS 71 "oriental" LODGE SO. 144. I. _»
Bfc^ *A. M. — Third degree THIS .il.s- /4
DAY) EVENING a 7::0 o'rlock. VV
A. S. HUBB.vRD. Sec. ,'x^N
B£— s= CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, a
2E-^ K. a. M.. will meet Tills (TUES- i^
DA V) EVENING, June 23, at 7:30o:clock. IK 7f
M. M. degree. By order of the H. P. r^\
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. SO, m
BC- 6 ' F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING, June 23, at 7:3o if Z?
o'clock. D. 3. , rsjr\
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
jKss=> YE T Kit AN VOLU.VTKEK
It-* 1 Firemen's Association— -Wt. ran JfeS^lX
Volunteer Firemen will assemble at S~y"es»
tieir hail. 24 Fourth st., on WEDNESDAY, June
24, at 12:3 p.m., to attend th» funeral of our
late brother and member, GEN. W. H. DI.MOND.
.1. S. MARSHALL. President.
W. A. smr.i.AY. Secretary.
*T]B=- THE '1 1 i ICE 8 AND M EM- . C? " >-
isrJS' hers of the l San Francisco Scot- X QJ?
tish Thistle Club are requested to at- \kjjsy
tend the funeral of our deceased clans- 'tj-9%
man. .loiiN DONALD, from his late residence,
121 Arkansas street, Pntrero, WEDNESDAY,
June 24, 189tJ, at 1 :30 p. M. By order
J. D. COULIE, Royal Chief.
Gko. W. Patkbsos, Recorder.
fCS=> GJtA Nl) PICNIC— ORDER OP CHOSEN
O*-& Friends at Agricultural Park, san Jose,
SATURDAY. June 27. Tickets, round trip, $1:
children, 50 cents. Train leaves Third and Town-
send sts. '.) -.. m., stopping at Twenty- and Va-
lencia its. Games, prise*, bicycle race, ihe pro-
;eeds to be donated to the injured and homeless
members of the late cyclone at St. Louis. Tickets
For sale on the morning of the picnic at Third and
lown.se. ud sts. and Twenty-fifth, and Valencia sts.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
«r5^ u Ti)Rs7~£7^
ia^D^ moved to 1370 Market st. ; poor treated free.
ff^S=* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m<& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 5580.
ifr-S= COi-Ti-.V'S COLLECTION COT. 235
vfc-Jy Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 304.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
j£iB?~DIVIDEND NOTICE.— THE GERMAN
«t~J*^ Savings and Loan Society, 526 California
St.— For tin- half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredtns (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hundredths (3 55-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
GEO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
jF^CP DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
IS-*' Ings Bank of San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, a div.dend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.33V3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1. iv i *. * QEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
Bfr^^p" HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
BtSs' Society, 18 Geary St. — The directors have \
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and 1
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
E£— p* DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
fcSSt? Savings Union, 632 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one hun-
dredths (4 32-10 D) percent on term deposits and
three and sixfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) ler
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896. j
LQVELI. WHITE, cashier. ___
situations wanted- female.
DOCTORS AND DENTISTS— YOUNG LADY
desires position with doctor or dentist; some
experience; no objection to cap and apron. Ad-
dress W. P., box 43, Call Office.
WOMAN WITH SON 8 YEARS OLD DE-
'» sires position to keep house for widower with
one child: no objection to country if near school.
Address 4272 Twenty-fifth st.
IDDLE-AGIiD WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
keeping in city, from 815 to $20, or general
housework in flat: good plain cook. Call or write
to 448 Natoma St.. MISS BEELER.
GERMAN GIRL, 14 YEARS OF AGE, CAN
speak English, wishes place to take care of
children or assist with light housework; sleep
home. Please call 1105 Stevenson st., nr. Twelfth
and Mar_et.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK OF
\J any kind by the day, week or month; is a good
cook, washer and ironer; good reference. Call 1225
Union SU, rear.
TEAT YOUNG DANISH GIRL WANTS A
--> situation for light housework; wages $10 to
$15. Call, during morning hous, at 347 Dorest.,
bet. Ninth and Tenth.
•\\rANTED-SITUATION BY YOUNG LADY
'» as companion: summer resort. Address
Twenty-eighih-st. Carhouse.
\k[ I DOW WOULD i.IKE INVALID OR
»' old lady or gentleman to care for; good,
pleasant home and good care. Address or call
1618 Green st_ MRS. DAN FORTH.
KESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
in families; terms $1 50 per day. Address D.
M., box 18, Call Office.
IDDLE-AG.^.D WOMAN WANTS PLACE
to do housework; city or country: reasonable
wages. Apply for ■_' days at 309 Jessie, near Fifth.
O.ME; SHORT DISTANCE IN COUNTRY,
for vacation, for American girl (15) in private
American family (Protestants) to assist in light
work for board, or mother and daughter together
the same way. 20Vis Hardy st., near Sixteenth.
11LATION WANTED TO DO SECOND
O work; is lirst-class waitress and chambermaid:
references. Apply 909 Pos. si., bet t> ana 12 a. m.
1 1 IRL WISHES GEN KRAL"iroUSKWORK IN
vJ private family; also girl for upstairs work.
Call 34 Lafayette ■:.
EKMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE FOR
\X liirhl housework. Apply 13U7a Broadway.
ADY I SUES A POSITION AS COPYIST
or to do writing in au office. 417 Larkin, rm. 27.
XPEKIENCED LADY WANTS WORK AS
janltress or housekeeping: any kind of work.
Room 1, 821 Mission s:.
■yOUNG GERMAN WOULD LIKE A PO-
X sition to assist with light housework; no post-
als. 1623 Powell st.
RESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
day in families; good lit and nice finish; terms
$1 5u per day. Address i<ressmaker, box 92, Call.
X SUABLE, STRONG WOMAN WISHES
XV work by the day; sweeping, dusting or wash-
ing; also take home wasuing. Address or call 74
Shipley, rear.
/ ERMAN WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
vJT housekeeper, wants a situation; city or coun-
try. 2^3 Sixth street.
L-'XPERiENCED GERMAN GIRL WANTS
I- .a; ion as chambermaid or to wait at table.
Address -04 V» Kcldy sU, rear.
'OUNcTl'a 1 1 i WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X companion to lady or do second work or cham-
ber worK ; good reterences. Please addiess L. li..
1221 O'Farrell St.
WOMAN WISHES TO DO WASHING AND
'» ironing or housework by the day. 245 Fif-
teenth st.
.MERICAN WIDOW WANTS POSITION AS
-TJ- housekeeper or do housework in small fam-
ily; city or co uii try. Call or address 3033 16th si.
"yOUNG SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS
X situation to do light housework. Address S.
C, box 103, Call Branch Office.
PEFINKD, EXPERIENCED ENGLISH GIRL
XL wishes position as house or parlor maid, or as
companion to invalid; wages $25; English or
American family preferred. Address M. J., 865
Bioadway, Oakland.
ANISH~GiRITwANTS SITUATION TO DO
upstairs work or as seamstress. Call or ad-
,i — 617 Geary st.
"JV UMBER Ol- FIRST-CLASS GERMAN AND
_.' Swedish girls awaiting situations at the Swed*
ish Employment Bureau, 315 Sutler st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
situation to care for children and light house-
work: good home and small wages. 442 Minna.
iy ANTED— PLACE AS UPSTAIRS GIRL OR
»' assist with housework. Call or address 109
Perry st., n ar Third.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
person to do v;. stairs work ; is good seamstress
and is also a good children's nurse: city or coun-
try. Call >i". '' ; ■ Florida st.
C^OMPEI EN 1 YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
VJ with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork or sewine; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market st., room 19.
yOL'SO LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X traveling companion. Call 706 Ellis St.: ring 2
bells.
TJ OUSEWORK— BY THE DAY; FRENCH
XX laundress; do little cooking; speaks some
English; French family preferred. 310 a Clemen-
tina st.
Vl' INCH • ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'' Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $ 1 6:) per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bug and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS. \\ AM JED-MALE.
HTNIr.i'.A COTCHINESE A A D J A PAN KSK
employment office, 17 Webb St., below Kear-
ny. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
BINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; teL Main 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
CO. COOK'S S-..C. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches :shor; notice. J4 6earv. tel. Grant 48.
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 81«B Batter; "1 Grant 30.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J ollice; best help. 414 i.-a O'Farrell; tel. I-.. 426.
\ N Al SALESMAN OF EXPERIENCE
-V thoroughly acquainted with Pacific Coast
trade and capable of handling large deals, would
like to form a connection with some iarse and re-
sponsible concern. Address L. i;.. box 120, Call.
\\ ; ANTED— SITUATION IN OFFICE; FULLY
'» competent; salary no object: middle aged;
good letters. FREDERICKS, box 1, Call Office.
BARBER- A FIRST-CLASS BARBER TO
help out evenings throughout the week. Ad-
dress F. D., bos 182, Call.
pACKKR-FIRST-CLASS WITH 10 YEARS'
X reference, wishes position in wholesale house.
Address Packer, box 67, this office.
BOY WISHES A SITUATION IN A WHOLE-
sale house; willing to work. Address G., box
148, call. :.,- ; ; * s
yOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION ON
| 1 private place; understands care of horses, car-
rlages and garden. Add. H. 11.. box 128, Call.
SHORT KNIFE CUTTER WANTS SITUA-
tion. Address S. IJ., box 152, this office.
IT U A T ION WANTED i.V GERMAN AND
U wife, without children, to take care of ranch
or work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook •
both first-class references. Address J. L. RAT 11-
GEBER, Napa, C.il.
"WANTED— BY good RESPONSIBLE
»' young man position to collect and deliver; se-
curity and good references. Address s. A., box 6
this office.
I [CENSED ENGINEER, 25 YEARS' EXPE-
\j rlencein city and the mines, warns situation;
city or country; man of family: can run dynamo
and locomotive. Address I. M., box 107, Call Office.
Vo'r' N I . MAN DESIRES A POSITION TO 0
X any kind of work; handy with tools. Address
Reliable, box 3-', this office.
QOBER a~n"l» RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
O (Danish) desires a steady job of any kind; will
drive wagon. Address J.. box 140, this office.
PROF ESBIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the expertlng of books, opening
and closln? of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C
box 137, Call Office.
\VANTEI.-BY A YOUNG MARRIED MAN,
»' a Situation as carpenter on a ranch; is also
used to all kinds of farm work: can furnish good
reference. Addr. ss P. O. box 17. San Lorenzo.
\V I ACHES 7 ! ER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; 81 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTJNE 23, 1896
SITUATIONS AN TED- Continued.
CIARDENER, PRACTICAL. OR MAN ABOUT
VJT place, wishes situation: references. Address
Gardener, 417 Kearny st.
ERMANiWISHES SIT"UATIOX IN A PRI-
GERMAN WISHES SITUATION IN A PRl-
vate family; good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling sock; pool milker; references.
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
\\r JNCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
I' Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree bus ami baggage 10 and from the ferry.
I'KJIALi; HKLP WANTED.
0^k7?30 ; NU RSe7^26 ; SECOND G I IRlTiSo":
15 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25: 8 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 sutler si.
\A ANTED— 2 GERMAN AND FRENCH. SEC-
'" ond girls, $20 and $25: laundress, private fam-
ily. $25: German chambermaid, $20; ranch cook,
$20; cook, small hotel, $25; ironers in laundry and
girls for cooking en I housework in city ana coun-
try. J. F. CRO-KTT A CO., 312 Sutter st.
\\r anted- SCANDINAVIAN- laundress,
>» country, $30; German chambermaid, $25;
French nurse, maid and seamstress, $25; French
girl, country, must speak English, $20: French
nurse, $15. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
OOK. SMALL MOUNTAIN RESORT, $30;
\J c ook, small country hotel, $20: also young
girl, chamberwork and waiting, same place, $15,
fare paid: ranch cooks, $20; waitresses, eta
MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay St.
\JEAT GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
i' small American family, country town, $20:
see party here. MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay.
WANTED— A WAITRESS AND PARLOR
>' maid; Burllngame; $25. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
II' ANTED— A CATHOLIC SEAMSTRESS
»> and maid; $25. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st.
O WAITRESSES, SMALL COUNTRY HO-
-0 tels, $20, room, etc. ; chambermaid and wait-
ress, $18, room, etc. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market st.
OOK, SUMMER RESORT, $36; WAITRESS,
springs, $20; German hotel chambermaid, s2o;
Swedish chambermaid, $20; 2 hotel chamber-
maids, $20: cook, country, private family, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
OOK AND LAUNDRESS, $25; 3 NORSE-
girls, $12 and $15, and others. MRS. HIRD,
721 Ellis.
p IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJ positions. German Employment Office, 306
Mason st. ;
ADY OF ABILITY TO TAKE CHARGE OF
a department. Address, stating experience and
salary expected, Wholesale, box 52, Call. _j
ERMAN WOMAN, COO KING, $20; CALL
early. German Employment office, 306 Ma-
son st.
/"COMPETENT WOMAN 1 0 ASSIST IN
VJ profitable legitimate business. Address Profit,
box 122, Call Office.
A'Ol'NG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
X sleep home; references. 1011 Buchanan st.
V I BBT-CLASS TAILORKSS ON CUSTOM
X coats. 411V_ Kearny su j
VTURSE FOX CHILD 3 YEARS OLD; GER-
J-i man preferred. 2012 cutter 3t.
"yOUNG LADY FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; !
X sleep home. 891 Bush St.. cor Mason.
\Y ANTED— IKON SW. COR. DOLORES
»» and Twenty-ninth sts.
\Y ANTED— TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
'» work and plain cooking. 1226 McAllister st.;
sleep at home.
: T'IRsIiLASS COOK; CITY REFERENCE
F required: none other need ai'p'y; wages $40.
Call at 621 Leavenworih street this a. m., between
10 and 12 o'clock.
p ERMAN GIRL for GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. 645 McAllister st.
T,' I I ; - I-i ■I. \ s OPERATOR OS CUSTOM
J coats. 225 Montgomery st.
IRL TO MIND BABY, $12. GERMAN EM-
plnyment Office, 306 Mason su
AX APPRENTICE AT DRESSMAKING.
1609 O'Farrell st.
\\ r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
»» light housework. 916 O'Farrell st.
Air ANTED— YOUNG, TIDY GIRL 1O ASSIST
»' in housework. 929 >utter St.. middle flat.
WANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
'» work and cooking. 1434 Golden Gate aye.
A PPRENTICE ON CUSTOM COATS. 966
x\- som st.
IRL TO DO light housework. 109 Ya
Seventh st.
GIRL (20 TO 25); LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING;
twice weekly; $2 50 monthly. Gentleman,
box 26, Call olfice.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL to ASSIST WITH
» » housework and baby. Call 630 Jersey st.
1%, ANTED — PU Pi LS FOII MILLINERY
'» school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical: reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
AIRDKESSING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
culture lessons; agents who will handle my
toilet preparations taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post st.
OPERATOR-HANDS OS VESTS. APPLY
128 a Hayes st.
RESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
thoroughly in three hours or less at Mils. K.
L. JoNEs dressmaking school, 505 Fell st.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
X making taught, ?5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et, sleeve and skirt patterns cat to order, 25c up.
MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
AIU-DttESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MIS.i DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
PENSIONS— J. H. SH EPARD ,v- CO., OLD RE-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th st., Oakland.
TJ AiKUKESsINU. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
HA H eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
and eve classes; 101cssoris,*l 60. 124H Mission.
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per we»*lc : free 'bus and haggace to and from ferry.
male help wanted:
VTURRAY A READY*, THE GREAT EM-
-1»1 ployment agents, want the following help.
Call early and get work, at 634 and 636 Clay st.
A CONTRACT TO LET TO SINK 200-FOOT
-'V shaft in mine. MURRAY A READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 ana 636 Clay St.
MEN AND STRONG YOUNG MEN TO
<JU pick fruit, dig irrigation ditches, help make
hay and make themselves useful on a lar^e bank-
Ing company's ranch, vineyard and orchard: $20
per month and found. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"l/. We'll HOPPERS FOR A MINE, $1 PER
i-" cord, one year's job; 3 teamsters for a mine,
4 horses !J2t> and found, steady job; 20 tiemakers,
8c and each. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS, $25. $30, 640, $50 AND $65; 5
U waiters, $25 and $30; ranch cook, $25; cook
for traveling cookhouse, $26; cook for - men and
milk 2 cows, $15: coo« lor a private family, $20;
3 dishwashers, $15. $i 0; 3 waiters for springs,
$25. MURRAY it READY, Leading Employ- i
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OA FARMER^ FOR ORCHARD^, VINE-
— U yards, farms and dairies, $20, $25, $26 and
$30; 2 choremen for ranches, $15; 3 <> i! or mid-
dle, aged men to pick fruit, hoe, etc., $15 and
j foiind: Branch teamsters, $20: farmer ana milker,
$18: man to herd bogs, $15; man to milk 15 cows,
*!.->: 10 laborers for a ranch, $16, to irrigate land,
$15; boy lor a ranch, .$10; boy for a mine, .$lO.
MURRAY A READY, Le-iing Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
IjLACKSMITH. $40 AND FOUND; COUNTRY
1) shop blacksmith, $ S6 and found, for a camp;
wheelwright, see boss here: sticker-band, •*'.' 50 a
day. MURRAY A: READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay si.
«> HEADER-WAGON DRIVERS, C. C. CO.;
O man to gather sacks behind harvester, $35 and
found; sand teams er, ciiy, $20. MURRAY «fc
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st, .
i)(\ LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, CITY,
»-V/ $1 60, $1 75 day and $23 month and board
and bed. MURRAY A READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 (lay st
\y ANTED— FOREMAN POB "MINE, $80 PER
*> month: shift boss for mine, $3 per day; Mack-
smilhs for country shops, $40 to $50 and found;
blacksmith, small country shop, $30 to $35:
swampers and jackscrewers for the woods, $36
and board; chopper for logging camp, free fare,
$35 and bo:ird: i, experienced grainpilers tor
country warehouse. $52 per month and board; 7
farmers lor lirst-class ranch in Santa Clara county,
$20, steady job; 3 men for heading ana harvest-
ing, lance ranch, 2 month.-,' work, $1 50 and $2 per
day and board; 5 men for haying and ranchwork,
near city, $26 per month; ranch cook, 5 men. $20;
stableman, small livery stable, short distance In
country, $20 and found, steady place; also wood-
choppers, laborers, milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWER A CO., 6^6 Clay st.
XXI antTd-ice company IN COD N-
»» try wants a resoonslbie man to go in the Ice
business in san Francisco; company will furnish
any amount of ice, sawdust for storage, wagon and
horses; applicant must understand the. ice busi-
ness, have trade and do the rest. Apply to W. D.
EWER A CO., 626 Clay St.
\\' ANTED— 9 EXPERIENCED GRAIN-
>• pliers for a warehouse in the country, $52 per
month and board. W. D. EWER it CO., 626 Clay.
ANTED— SA W-FILER FUR ~Bt ) X PAC
tory, $3 to $3 50 per day; hand-ironers for
laundry, $35 and found: choreuOy for ranch. $15:
errand-boy for country, $7 50 to $10 and found;
milkers. $-2 50 to $26; American foreman for
mine, »3 day; 2. miners, .$2 75 day: laborer for
mine. $1 day and board: butter- maker for cream-
ery, $30 and board; farmers an. wives, cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROsETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
\irAITEK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $2 a; 4
''miners, machine drill, $3 a day; butter-
maker and milker tor Nevada, $30; 5 larmhamls,
game ranch, 815; woodsmen, $-0, $26 and $30;
bark-peelers. $1 25 a cord: orchard-hand, $2U;
rancli teamster and wife, $35. R. T. WARD &
Co., 608 and 610 Clay st. ;-.
IV' ANTED— MAN AND WIFE FOR HOTEL
' » for the country; man. to do cooking; woman,
to help generally; $45; see party here. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St. ."
AN to TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 519 Filbert si.
WANTED — WATCHMAKER'S APPREN-
t T tice. Apply at 129 Montgomery aye.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
MAN FOR A BAJfua,«3s. KISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
PASTRY COOK AND BAKER, $65: SHORT-
X order cook, countr/ restaurant, $10; night
short-order cook, country restaurant, $9 a week;
cook and wife, country ' restaurant, $35; ironer,
country laundry, $ 0- washer, $35; ironer, $30;
2 waiters, springs, $25: bedmaker. country hotel,
$25; bartender, country hotel. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
on LABORERS FOR A ROCK QUARRY, $26
*i\J and board; 10 laborers, pick and shovel, city.
•In day and board; 20 farmers for haying and
harvesting, $20, $25 and $26- 3 milkers, country,
$30: 6 roadmakers, country. $20. C. R. HAS-
sEN & CO., 110 Geary st. "
GARDENER WITH GOOD REFERENCES.
$50 to $55; gardener who learned his trade In
Europe. $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
9 WAITERS, SAME SUMMER RESORT IN
-- ! the mountains, $30. C R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st .
PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, NO JiAK-
X in,;, $65. C. R. HA SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
II AMPOOER FOR SPRINGS: $35" AND
O found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED EGG-CAXDLER, f 60. C. R.
HANSEN ft CO., 110 Geary St.
WANTED-NIGHT COOK FOR OYSTER-
»» house, $35: cook for restaurant, $40: waiter,
plain restaurant. ,<: 0; dis i washer, $15: etc. L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton St.
\V A:"N TED- THOROUGH CHILDREN'S
»» clothing salesman: must be good stock-
keeper. RAPHAELS, 11 Kearny st.
Q HOEMAKER CAN GET SEAT- FREE
0 and some second-hand work. 522^4 Sixth st.
OFFICE HOY— WANTED, BY A PHYSICiAN,
an honest, bright, intelligent boy 10 or 12
years old to wait on door, run errands and do
light office service; must be one who lives In the
central part of the city with bis parents and stays
at home when not engaged in his work. Address,
giving full particulars, C. C, box 72, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— COMPETENT WASHER FOR A
»' laundry; also an assistant. Apply Lane Hos-
pital, between 8 and 9 a. m.
\\, r ANTED — FIRST-CLASS EXPERIENCED
" cellarmun for liquor-store; one who under-
stands both wholesale and retail business: must
understand barkeeplng. Apply to 423 Kearny st.
THIRST-CLASS CLOTHING SALESMAN FOR
X a ilrst-class house; also a good hat salesman;
holders of U. S. Industrial Ai-enc certificates are
eligible. Room 165, Crocker building.
WANTED— 2 YOUNG MEN WITH SMALL
»» capital to rent and give exhibitions with water
bicycle. Apply NW. cor. Taylor and Bay st.
\y ANTED— YOUNG MAN OR BO"V TO LEARN
" barber's trade. Inquire 107y 8 Fifth st.
XTOUNG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS PRESS-
X ing. Tailor-shop, 117 Leidesdorff st. __■
ISHWASHER; "WAGES *20 PER MONTH.
113 Seventh st.
ISHWASHER WANTED AT 820 LARKIN
street.
OLD MEN WANTED FOR LIGHT EMPLOY-
menu 611 Clay st., room 7.
WANTED— A HANDY MAN AROUND A
»» rooming-house. 16 south Park.
QOBER MAN IN WINE HOUSE; OF GOOD
0 character; middle aged; speaks German: mix
drinks for inside salesman and recommended from
last employer only need apply. Box C. M., Call
Branch Office, 630 Montgomery st. < orner Clay.
BA RUE FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' Asso. H. BERNARD, 102
seven th Bt, : ; - ',: .■ ; *
1 i A i : I. I . S— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
J> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grunt aye.
L) ARBE ±IB— TH JOURNEYMEN HA SEERS'
D Union meets Tuesday evening at 102 O'Far-
rell St.; all journeymen are invited to attend.
BARBERS, ATTENTION! ALL WHO WISH
to enter the shaving contest at the picnic of
the Barber/ Association on June 28 s»nd their en-
tries until June 27 to P. C. HAM AN. 239%
o'Farrell st.
PAHF.ERrj' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TRcjELL, 657 Clay.
BARBERS/ ASSOCIATION Or' CAI. EMPLOY-
menu secy, P. C. Ham an n. 239 O'Farrell.
DARBERB — BEST-PAYING 8-CHAIR 15c
13 shop, laundry- office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BERDRi »W, san Jose.
ANTED— SI EADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
'♦ store and make himself useful in cash busi-
ness; salary $75 per month; must have i 250 cash.
See STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
WANTED— PARTNER WITH $50: WELL-
»* paying butcher-shop. Apply at saloon 130
Fourth st.
\Y ANTED — STEADY MAN TO COLLECT
»» and assist generally in light business; salary
$75, with chance of increase; must have $150
cash. 777 Market su, room 7.
TAILOR'S SEAT-ROOM AT 611 CLAY ST.,
X room 7: 7."> c. with use of machine.
PARTNER WANTED— ONE ACQUAINTED
X In city, temperate: rustler; reference; investi-
gate. Employment Office, 128 Four su
"V E W WALDo HOUSE, 7*55 MISSION, BET.
-i-> 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning culls: clean: quiet; open all niL'ht.
nr ANTED 1000 ME.v AT DUBLIN LOTUS
** barber-shop: newly opened: shaving sc: hair-
cuttlng lOo; best aud biggest in city. 207 Fourth sU
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Si;:tu. for a room: 25c a nigut: $1 a week.
IODGIn77sTScTt< isc PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
J Continental House, 521 Pacifi.-, below Kearuy.
4 STIiIIA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
/ CLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT:
\. ac'ta adjusted. I: \ I i "■-. 612 My, tel. m. 353.
EST LNCITI .-SING' E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i. $1 25, £1 &0 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and LeiiesdorS sts.
OOMS ISo TO 76c PER NIGHT; 60s TO *1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Dm mm si.
\\l ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
'» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
\Y ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN <fc ''0.. Depl. L, Patent Attor-
[ neys, Waslilneton, U. C, for their $1800 prize orter
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
EN'S IFALF-SOLING, BOc.: LADIES, 40c:
l'l done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 .Market.opp.Will A Finek's, S.F.
ALI" SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOil $2 50;
half-solelng 2.V up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
\Y h. ARK -Hi!-. DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
»' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new mnchlne.i we can do your work
at one- half the usual p.ice; don? while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second Kts-
v j E\ TO FEED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keep it.
\Y ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
'» trade: only 8 weeks required; toots given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
\kp A D— FOR THE S* UNITED l» STATES
'» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the aces of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,"
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who havd legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will do
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offer.-) special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SKCOND-
Imr.r! shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new call Shoes, pointed toe, our make, $'_ 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCliO HOUSE, 5tK5V_ .MARKET ST.—
1 toon is '-'Oc, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $2 week.
\UiIAT CHKER HOUSE. 523 SACRAMENTO
»* »(.. 200 rooms; best in the city sing.'c roomi
20 nnd 25c a night, * I ;i week: meal-i 10c.
WINCHESTER HOI 44 I ST..NBAK
' ' Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED, CO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
» ' ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
"j INDKLL.HoU^K. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J' sts.; single iurnlshed ring 75c week, 15c night,
1 ii/| TO TAKE LODGINU AT lOC, 15c
; J "v/ and 20c a nigh:,, Including cotfe« ana roll*
624 Washington st, near Kearny. ___^
\\' AN I Kl> SOLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY'; $1
f T v»ek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a wee*;
readlnz-room: daily papers. 3C Clay st.
lT\ EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
j'l nearly new. "_sc sofl 25. 562 Mission.
L'i:KK BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
I 1 ni<m a hnttJ ••" i -I-- t. r.«-. ■•>■ '.■':<■' ' 'r- ■<•
'""' " r vAGK?iTS;.-\y'AKTiai).:-.;.v;Vr.''; : --
-frTwlSXAl)Y^\NVASSEßsTN^rw^r^^^
Xed article; bell on sight: best thing for years;
Investigate. ii Glen Park aye., 9 to 6. Good thing.
GENTS WANTED— AGENTS FOR A WELL-
_r\. known and fast-selling article; ladies or gents.
JACqUES. 910 PacHlcst.
IIVE AGENTS, 870 WASHINGTON ST.,
J Oakland ; .f 2to $5 per day. Ladies and gen-
tlemen.
A GENTS-BIG BOOK; NEW IDEA; BIG HIT:
_.x low prices; don't order campaign outfits until
you see ours; the greatest campaign book or 1896;
prospectuses 50c. F. PERSON, manager sub-
scription department, The Whltaker As Ray Com-
pany, 723 Market st.
A GENTS TO SELL A NEW ARTICLiS.' AP-
;\ ply 1027 Markov st. .
; JSOAKOINU WANTKD.
BOARD AND ROOM: DESIRABLE LOCA-
tion: exchange for piano. C. v.. box 159. Call
Otlkc.
I'UKNI.SIIKI) FLATS WAN i XI).
TpURNISHEI) FLAT ; 6 TOB ROOMS; PERMA-
P nerit:y : civ.- price mid details. ]■'. box 140. all.
WAN i i;i>~.ui.sci;i7EA>riiOL's.
QBCON 1 1- i ! .* .\ : ! i FORGbT WITH BLOWER
O wanted. F. KaSTEN, 621 Ash aye. . ;
\l ' ANTED— BABY- CARRIAGE IN GOOD
''order. Address, stating price. 8., box 16, Call.
SELL YOUR 800 S. CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.; send postaL
PERSONALS. -, • __;;-2__-
'^A^V^C^lfßE^T^dTv^OßCE^LA W8 A SP&
I A. daily; private; no charge unless successful; all
' law suits, claims, collections, wills, rie°ds, etc., at-
j tended to. G.W. HOWB.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
I T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
i Xj Tues.,2to3:'dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67. .
ESKROOM FOR RENT. ROOM 305, !
Spreckels building, 927 Market st. -
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL of MAGAZINE I
X and Newspaper Illustration commences its va- |
'■ cation on Saturday, June 26, and resumes work on j
! Monday, July 13. For particulars a Idress 424 Pine. ;
LINCOLN BROS.. CASH GROCERS, _6 I
XJ Sixth St., middle of the block— Eggs, 10c dozen : ;
butter. 20c roll; hams, 6c pound; jelly, 10c can; i
I flour, 80c sack; tea and coffee, 2sc pound ; apricots, ;
, pears, plums, apple.? or prunes, 5c pound. LIN-
i COLN BROS., 220 Sixth s:.
! INFORMATION WANTED CONCERNING
X BENJAMIN L. ROADCA P. formerly of Abi- i
lene, Kans.. and lately of Pueblo and Salt Lake
I City, ana now supposed to be in :>an Francisco or ,
, vicinity. Address HAVEN & HAVEN, room 13, ;
, seventh floor. Mills bulding, S. F. j
i TRIED GETTING YOUR HAIR DRESSED ,
I J- at Lederer's? Do. Excellence and thorough- |
i ness is my hobby, and the price— 2sc— is my strong
point. G. LEDERER, 11] Stockton St.: the store
nearest Geary; don't mistake the number. j
AIR1 I BESSINQ, MANICURE, 25c; I
face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post su.r. 20 |
JiM LEE, FIRST-CLASS CHINESE -LAUN- \
dry. 1913 Bush st.
S~ U RE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francisco. Ca!.
RS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47.
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cat. & Kearny.
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL i
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
VOID "EVILS. SEE DR. HAP.DCASTLE
on sex science, etc., 628 Montgomery, room 1
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mr.nufrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sausome, upstairs.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.; t
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING: j
II low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
GEO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome st., room 4.
■quits TO order ON INSTALLMENTS to
to guaranteed parties. $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, l ll7 Market St., bet 7th and 8;h.
T IBEUAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 848 Market st.
.'lnn/^ CARDS, $150; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
H'UU tel. Black 14L HILL. 22 Geary st-, r. 39.
AT THE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st, ; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market; ;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per j
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. j
U^ STROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
O. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
I ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
j IJIGOI/TDOOF* STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
; X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
' vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
| ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st-
LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought, COL.MAN. 41 30. cor. Jessie.
' DREgSMABJBBS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma St., above Sixth.
OSTUMF.S REASONABLE; SPECIAL
rates to professionals. Room 95, St. Ann's
building. 6 I-'tldy st.
V C ATI ON" AL.'
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 MarKet.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER. 715 POST ST.;
vocal music; piano; elocution for parlor,
j stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
-1 pearean and general dramatic elocution a specially ;
I vocal classes Monday BP. M. : $1 per month.
SHORTHAND AND TYPK W R 1 T ING
school: terms $3 per month. 605 Ellis St.
ATIGHT*CHOOL;IIEALD'SBUS.COLLEGE;24
j i-\ Post:conimercial. shorthand, English: low rates
I>IANO LESSONS, 50c HOUR. MR. WATTS,
IJT2IB Golden Gate aye.
OOKKEhPING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
BOOKKEEPING B"i TAI'.R; ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching; V& time and far more practical
| than any college; rapid calculations. ' 659 Market.
A TTEND BTIEHL'S COLLEGE, 728 MARKET
£\- st. The very best individual instruction; j
j 20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen- i
j manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free. >
OOKKPNG, WKITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR i
day it ni-'ht; norlasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission I
ECU T'S 10-LETTEH SHORTHAND IS THE ■
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), *2s. 927 Market. !
pUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO and VOCAL !
VJT lessons: £3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth. j
PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING: CLASS- i
X es Tues. and In. Misses HtM)Y,ti.\ Hyde st. !
JOSEPIf GREVEN. VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
0 Ninth st.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; 93 in. Maze b!<l.,r.t'7. j
UPaSIsH, FRENCH. HERMAN; MODERATE. i
OMelsterachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:- \
YRES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st, ; individual instruc- !
i tlon in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life '
I scholarship $50; low rales per week and month.
liKl.Amd'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING- j
1 X) Private theatricals arranged; pupils re h parsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. V. block, ,'ih and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL* CIVIL. MINING, M £
chanica! engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. 64. VAN DER NAILLEN. _____£__■
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, busineu practice, shorthaad,
typing;, electrical engineer, ng, telegraphy, modan
l»npua(rps rapidly taught. write for catalogue.
j A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
■£\- WEEKLY CALL. In wraocer. for mailing.
LOST.
| QIA REWARD— LOST, JUNE 17, FROM 808 '
•_ LU »t Belvedere, junction beach road with
| middle road, near Dunbar residence, round plain
gold locKet bearing monogram "J. s."one side and
"11. R. i ." on other: inside containing lady's pic-
ture and opposite it date September 4. 1894; locket |
' being attached to double uold chain- with long I
twisted links connected by small round ones. Re- i
turn to J. S., 427 Sansome st., and receive above
i reward. •
1 JUNE 22, DEERHOUND PUP. COLOR
J J black, legs and face black and tun, white
I breast and while stripe on face, white tip on tail". i
j finder will be rewarded. Call A. M.vZOUC, 15 j
Virginia pi., on 5 Broadway, above Stockton st.
I OS! i. (>!,!> LOCKET; FIMGRE BOTH i
I 1j sides, with diamond on front side; handsome !
reward. 6251/2 Larkin s:., third floor.
Lo-: CUFFRUTTON", ON PICNIC TRAIN
Sunday. Return 1057 Miss on st.
I"-! LARGE FRESH RET) C«7W; LIRERAL
j reward. Return to 1798 McAllister st.
O^p. REWARD-LOST ON spear ST.. SMALL
tipo leather satchel, j Return same to 517 Mission
St. an. l receive above reward: no questions asked. I
PUG DOG; ANSWERS TO NAME OF BUD. '
X Return to 1.38 Howard st.: reward. ;
DENTISTS.
FIRST-CLASS Di NTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS :
X prices: iirst-clnst results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Butter St., corner Powell.
i R. DUCK 1, 1 70:; in- l~vi~. NEAR UU-
-1 ' cnanan; gas given' crown anil bridge worK.
R. L. T. i RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
j plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ays.
/ vROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 7SO MAR- j
V, ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli- I
able ngent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $.'): linings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, withgassL.
5*7 .\~SKT IOK TEETH: WARRANTED AS
»)p < good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Th,-ater.
I \K. LUDLUM HILL, 1-443 MARKET ST.. '
IJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whei I
plates are made: old plates made over like new; '
teeth from $8 per eel; extracting 50c; gas given.
TuJTfi. ... I,* i'l:,-. i... *7; WARRANTED I
X I live years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY, 24 Sixth St.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A rU'fK. UK. H.
ci. YOUNG, 1811 Polk at. i j
|)K. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE !
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction i
•rd patentee of Improved bridge work or teem :
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'l'arrell at.
i> a INLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearj
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815*/4 Geary.
/ OLTO.V DENTAL ASSOCIATION. »ud MAlt-
\J ketsu DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1 206 MARK XT, COR. GOLDKN
Gate avp.— Opon evenings; Sundays till noon, i
AIX WORK REASONABLE AND WAJI"
A ranted. DR. J W. KEY. im Market si.
FURNITCBE WAKTJSp.
OD-UAND FTTR^m'IJRbPToR COUNTR V";
£j good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 city Hall aye.
JC. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
O . fornia st,. corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
\ M ALONE PAYS -^0 PER CENT MORK
+\. than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth »;.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FI.'RNI-"
X ture and merchandise see P.URD, -11 Larkin.
li KFORE SELLING YOUR. FURNITURE
,XJ »end for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market
C BASCH. 321 SLTTER, WANTS FURNI-
O. ture. saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 76L
BUSINESS JCHANCES.
"_^Q7{nr^AivF~INTEREST IN THRIVING
S)OUU. cash business; duties light and easily
learned: or will exchange for real estate in city or
acrosi the bay. H., box 33. Call Office.
iiAA partner RESTAURANT;
— UU.lady. STENBERG COMPANY, 632
Market st. -, ' -
d"-)^f\ PARTNER TO PURCHASE HALF
t!p_«JU. interest in well-paying saloon near
Kearny.st.; run place night and day: German
preferred. STENBERG CO., 632 Market at.
tH<£/*IA SALOON AND LIQUOR STORE;
«]pDUU. south of and nr. Market: receipts $15 to \
»-.'o- full value; stock andlflxtures; family trouble.
STENBERG CO., 632 .Market St. ___^_
A-IA t\{\(\ ROAD HOUSE, ACROSS THE !
<Ip.LU.UUU. bay, near railroad. depot: hand- !
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds: finest family and sum-
mer resort: well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: > good bar trade the year round; i
this offer never "equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the prope'ty; satisfy yourself.
STENBKRQ & CO., 632 Market St.
m»T nt\f\ RESTAURANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE, :
rnXOUU. handsome private rooms: three en- |
trances; old-established trade; chance rarely of- ,
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
income certain. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market. !
©OH BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
fooV. store: thriving location; living-rooms:
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st. ' - '
T\O YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
X' promptly. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
S"nafi WOOD. COAL, HAY AND PEED;
<£)OUU. does an express business; 4 horses:
wagons; owns buildings. HEALY, 23 Kearny st. |
<£"■}/ i HOTEL OF 24 ROOMS, BAR,
tJp_UUU. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from San Francisco, clearing 9150 per
month; rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view; must be seen to be appreciated; part of pur-
chase price can remain; satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
i./JAA PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAYING J
?J*Ol/U. business: will stand the fullest investi- |
gation; rare chance for young or middle-aged
man; ouly object in taking partner Is to enlarge
the business. T. l/ÜBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
m, I 4 f\f\ AN ELEGANT BUTCHER-SHOP
<Jn 1 ttUU. across the bay, with two horses and
wagons, fine fixtures, safe, "cash ret' ster: working
3 men and doing fine business; object of selling
sickiiess;investigate T.LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
m>C'f\fl FINE STATIONERY AND CONFEC-
tJpOUU. tionery business; in good locality; rent
cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
gain for the money ever offered in this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CL' 1 i\f\ VEGETABLE-STORE AND FRUIT-
«Jp LUU. stand. $150— Saloon; paying fine.
$700— Restaurant: wor:h $l.'00; see this.
$200— Branch bakery and delicacy ; worth double.
$1100 — A snap in an elegant grocery.
T. LUBELSKI.- 7 City Hall aye., for bargains.
Qii'l^fl FINE GROCERY and bar, best
»]P"d:iJv. location in city, good business, sells 8
barrels of beer a week; only reason for selling,
other business; see this at ones. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye. !
r_l C A PARTNER wanted —LIGHT, !
<!?I«JU. genteel business, with rising young
man of good standing and reputation; no night or
Sunday work; well established and will pay from
$65 to $75 per month. See to-day GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st. .
<si^nn parTner IN OLD-ESTABLISHED
tjJVJUV. mercantile commission-house, controll-
ing large trade from all parts of the coast; owner
desires partner as business is too much for one;
business has always been prosperous andean be
largely increased: will pay big returns on money
invested: will bear thorough investigation; for-
tune for some active man who wants profitable
investment. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
(V. IOC CANDY STORE, NORTH OF MAR- I
<Jpl. — O. ket, etabiisbed 22 years; rent $12; liv-
ing rooms; furniture included. M. LESS CO., i
783V 3 Market st. :
fflj'ir.A"" RESTAURANT; 3 LIVING ROOMS:
r^ — <>\'. rent $20: doing Al business: daily re-
ceipts $10. M. LESS & CO., 7831-2 Market st.
C-O-ftA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
»rn OO\jyj . exceptionally good location: large i
well-selected stock; fine s ore trade; big bar busi-
ness: large outside route; bargain. M. LESS CO.,
783y 2 Market st.
<j>qrr\ SALOON; THRIVING INTERIOR j
isOo\J. town: opposite large railroad depot; j
cheap rant; living rooms; receipts $10; daily ex- ;
penses *1; good stock. M. LESS CO., VB3V2
Market st.
<5j 7~i \ PARTNER WANTED lIN FAMILY
•Jp i OKJ. liquor-store; ■ run successfully by
present o-vner for 20 years; large outside route: ]
half cash: younir man preferred: must have good
references." M. LESS & CO., 783';. Market st.
<_ I r/i COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE;
tJpXUU. worth $750. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ALOON ; BEST LOCATION; NO REASON- i
able offer refused. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
Of\{\ BAKERY: FINE CORNER;3 ROOMS; -
OUU. bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
To SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
quick for cash see STRAND & CO., 917 Market I
©97,-. grocery and "bar-, old estab- I
«„ — < I •'. lished; rent only $10: No. 1 location: !
pays well. STRAND <£; CO., 917 Market st. •
(2« I r~'£ SALOON, 4 ROOMS, PIANO, ETC.
«ff)l 10. STRAND A CO., 917 Market St. -
C:Q k 7^ coffee saloon, pays well. '
<jPO_O. STRAND <& CO., 917 Market st. J
0:1 *)t\i\ BUTCHER.SHOP: trade OK $50 •
»iT X_UU. to .$6O a day; this place is well fitted
up and everything complete for the business; 3
horses, 1 wagon, 2 carts; great bargain; cheap at
S'-'OOO. See SIR AN & CO, 917 Market st. ...; ■
<3T9nn MARKET-ST. CIGAR-STAND AND
•_— "' U. cl' brooms; must be sold: low rent.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
uj-jiA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LI VING-
«IpOv/. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
QQA CHOPHOUSEAND SHORT ORDERS: ,
<IpOU. receipts $7 day; low rent: great bargain.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
Qr AA WOOD, COAL AND EXPRESS BUSI-
f^)O\J\J. ness; 4 horses, 4 wagons; boiler, engine j
running: saws, scales, etc. ; positively clears $150 I
per month. BARRETT 1125 Market St. j
"V7-ERY REASONABLE; ONEOFTHE BEST
V dye works ill the city; perfectly equipped: long
lease; very low rent; artesian well; central loca- ,
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
"LOR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE: j
X 37 fine furnished rooms: kitchen: dining-room; !
line bar; entrance to 2 streets; rent reasonable; J
will be sold at a bargain: near ferry depot. Ad-
dress F. D. P.. box 106, Call Office. j
OAL AND TEAMING— PARTNER WAST- !
.' ed: old-established, paying business: capital
required, $4003. Address C. R., box 134, Cull.
GROCERY ANn SALOON-VERY CHEAP. I
low rent. 249 Stevenson. >
H,\ VING 2 ii.fc.Si Al ' KANTS— ONE CHEAP; I
trial given. Apply 1241 Market.
T OTS IN EXCHANGE FOR SALOON OR
XJ boarding-house. __ 8., box 134, Call Office.
T7VOR~ sale WELL-ESTABLISHED FRUIT
.V and poultry store: make offer. 1003 Howard ,
St.. cor Sixth. j
pROCKRY AND BAR; ESTABLISHED V 5
VJ years; line bar trade; fine fixtures and cash
register; 4 living rooms: other business cause of
selling: Offer wanted. 439 Grove St.. cor. octavia. i
1~ O R EX CH AN G E IOR LOD(.;IN(}-HOi;SE
-T business or other property, 80 acres of line
farming land and some caHti; Walla \V alia County,
Wash. ,free. MACGILLIV .. AY & CO., 1028 Mar-
ket st.
PARTNER WANTED— EITHER LADY OR
X gentleman; paying business; references. Ad-
dress a., box 161, Cull Office.
. ARGAIN IF SOLD TO-DAY; SALOON !
' established 20 years. See owner, 1123 Dupont.
<JK |/1A SMALL MANUFACTURING BUSI-
TtUU. ness: only on in city: drawing good
business: good reasons for selling. 415 Mont- i
gomery st-, room 7.
&o;|) RESTAURANT; ESTABLISHED 15 ■
»J>Ot/U. years: run by present owner three and !
a half years: receipts $'i 0 per day; rent $22 50; 6
rooms connected if desired: selling on account of
sickness. Address s., box 89, Call Office.
BASER DUCK AND POULTRY
X ranch: -$750. T. F. CON KLIN, office Red Flag,
opposite Six-mile House. San Bruno road.
DRUGSTORE FOR SALE; A FINE CHANCE;
owner has other business. Drugs, box 3, Call.
PARTNER WITH $25 CAPITAL WANTED
X by lady of means. I'.ootn 2, 12 Mason si.
&17^ CIGAR-STORE, WITH LIVING
(jpXlO. rooms, on account of sickness: no
agents. 1127 Mission st.
*"} r-.fi' PART ER WANTED IN GOOD
<£_ O\J. paying saloon; g od supp'y of stock. !
Apply at 1.1 Mason s'... corner Pacific.
fflj'>-A PA YJNG CORNER SALOON WANTS !
O — *)\J. partner; experience unnecessary. 633 1
Howard st.
uj. I 9=T~coT- F ANDCHOPHOUSE; SAME
<IP ' ~0. hands 7 years. J. COLE. 506 Howard.
MAN WITH $100 To JOIN ME; V. r T MEAN !
business. B. 15.. box 12, Ca 1 Office.
LMRST CLASS GOOD-PAYING bakery '
X che&D, on account of death, i Call office.
RESTAURANT— GOOD LOCATION; GooD '
place for man and wife: cheap. * Apply Call.
ft 9 ~,fti) FIRST-CLASS" SALO »N; LEASE;
<rr^«;vu. good trade: owner retiring: chance
of a lifetime. Address C. H., box 139, Call office.
&9000 ' OXK OF ™ I{ *•-- l PaYlao
<i, f»UU. suiii'.nerand winter hotels and heakh
resorts in California; on railroad: magnificent
scenery; well established; pays $J 500 a year net
and stowing. H. M. WOOLLEY, 632 Market si.
1-MRST-CLASS BEER SALOON; CENTR\LLY
J- located; near Market st. For further particu- '
lars addre.-s EDWARD CONOLLEY. 5J2 Mont- j
goinery 5... or call bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
U/ ANTED-GRUCERY AND BAR IN GOOD
'» location, or suitable corner store with livintr-
rooms. C. H.. 1818 Polk st. . " S
ALOON FOR SALE— GOOD LOCATION, GOOD
kj stock; no reasonable offer refused. Inquire
room 40, Chronicle building. *"4u.re
\\T ANTED-I'ARTNERIN WOOD AND COAL i
»» business; horses, wagons, eta; lease; bouse I
rent free. Apply Call Office. : -
\ ■' OUNO BUSINKBS MA N WITH SOME
J. ready cash wishes to secure iv position, or
would Invest in business enterprise in city orcoun-
try. Address J. S. W., box 17, Call Office.
■WILL: TRADE OR EXCHANGE BAKERY
outfit, horse and buggy, electric fan. bicycle,
orange land, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnuejl^^
m C r{ CORNER GROCERY AND BArT^LIV I
irSOOU. ing room, north of Market: low rent,
gooA place: kept by owner for years; rare chance.
\V I L K K & WOLF, 531 California st.
(D..K.AA SALOON, ESTABLISHED YEARS,
>OUU. with large patronage, on Krarnyst.;
partners don't agree. WILKK. 531 California st.
"(\i\ HONEST AND INDUSTRIOUS PART-
Jfr«DU ! '. ner wanted in hotel and saloon: clear-
ing $200pe?month. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Call-
fornia su , ,
a»Cf\f\ CANDY-STORE. BRANCH BAKERY
S)bUU. and stationery; laundry and U.S. stamp
fttrpnrr- Market su; 5 rooms, bath; rent $15; kept
by owner 6 years. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. .
C,' A n. BRANCH BAKERY; DOING VERY
rSOv'U. cood business; daily receipts above
SlO- 3 living-rooms- rent $22; rarest chance.
WILKE & WOLF. 531 Callfornlast.
a»O-f\l\ STEAM LAUNDRY; ESTAB-
«Ir«">OUU. lished for years: all modern improve-
ments- doing large business: 4 horses and 4 wag-
ons: owner owns property: will give lease.
WILKE & WOLF. 531 California st.
GL'OZ.I\ SALOON; ESTABLISHED YEARS;
0')0u. rent $30; lease: :•■-•■ ri . •• daily receipts,
$15: near Market Hall; actual value, $1000. Call
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
ITIOII SALE— THE PA i EXT RIGHTS OF A
X) newly patented machine, called the Farmer's
Pride, consisting of an Improved barrow and roller
which also can be worke.l in connection with seed-
sower. Inquire at aNDRE V KRUCCKELS.
1154 Washington St., Oakland.
DESTAURANT: FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
I\j sale cheap on account of sickness: will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission st.
IpOR SALE, AT A SACRIFICE. A SPLENDID-
. paying restaurant between 2 enrhouses; rent
only $17, living rooms included: owner retiring
from business. Apply at once 3279 Mission st.
NEKGETIC MAN WANTED BY LADY AS
Xj partner; country business; $50. Room 9, 122
Post st.
SALOON; LONG LEASE: LOW RE.NT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific St.
PARTNER WANTED BY At ADY: GOOD
X proposition; $75 capital. 11 Taylor St., room 1.
GROCERY AND BAR; FULL FIRST-CLASS
VX stock; 3 rooms attached. Fifteenth and Dolores.
Q.l B A LOok ; r Al; BEST RETAIL'LO-
rJpIOUv/. callty; strictly first class; small ex-
penses; good profits; desire to sell immediately,
account of sickness; every opportunity to Investi-
gate. Address W. S., box 81. this office.
ARGAIN— FOR SALE, CHEAP, A ClGAR-
store. 8 Clay st. .->S-ts« :'
p ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VJT Apply this office: no agents.
•{SI f\(\(\ HA LF INTEREST IN OLD ESTAB-
tjf 1. ''V/l/. lisht'd, well stocked, sood paving
general store out of town; double value in sight;
trial given; 1 pr.rtner retiring. Apply Call Office.
\ I AN WITH $150 WANTS TO BUY INTER-
-1»X est In paying business, groceries, etc., across
bay preferred ; no agents. DELAIN'S, 2106 Mar-
ket St.
VRUITSTORE — GOOD BUSINESS; TRANS-
X I fer corner. Fill more and Turk sts.
AKERY, NOTION'S AM) CANDY STORE:
established for years: nice living-rooms. 101!9
Valencia st.
<^j ii\t\ R A It E CHANCE; Flli-'l- I.A^-
»JnT:UVJ. restaurant on principal street of Hay-
wards, doing a good business: selllucon account
of sickness. Address l>. C, box 45, flay wards Cat.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash: city or country. M., box 2 Call.
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
fjrA|lf\ CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS l-OP.
<Jp«JUUU. sale: well established; complete
manufacturing plant: stock, etc.: principals only.
Apply F. 1. CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5,3^5
Montgomery st.
p ROCERY STORE, 3 ROOMS, FIXTURES,
VJT some s:o:k, to let. 2201 Fifteenth St.
BLACKSMITH-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP;
good place; $150. Inquire 337 Fifth St.
OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed 840,000: owner will remain If arrange i
can be made. Address F. I)., box 137, Call Office.
"L^OR SALE -OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
J and wine cellar in a near-by town Inquire
WICHMAN, LUTGENS A CO., 31ri Clay St.
~T \VE*;K : « NEWS FOR 3 CENTS— THE
. V WEEKLY CALL. La wrapper, for mail
LODGIKG-HO UMK3 FOB SALE.
1 ROOMS; NICE HOME: EDDY ST... $351
J £ 16 rooms; big bargain: Powell st 550
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, on! 650
36 rooms, corner, oak furniture: plan* 1100
50 rooms: $125 a month guaranteed: none better.
25 rooms to let, unfurnished: eleguai house.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 802 Market st.
1 r-KOOM COR. HOUSE. NEAR BALDWIN;
XO must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
r A ROOM HOTKL: RENT .$7O: BUSINESS
O\J location: $1500. DECKER, 1020 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODO-
X Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall are.
TOOK BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES SEE
X STRAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
WO LODGING-HOUSES: 16 BOOMS; ONLY
$200; clear profit $40. 859 Mission st.
ARGAIN— I4 ROOMsTYIJLL OF STEADY
BARGAIN- M ROOMS. FULL OP STEADY
roomers; north central. Address B. C, box
161, Call.
•> ROOMS; BEST-PAYING HOUSE: CHEAP ;
"O easy terms. 115 Second st.
T ODGING-HOUSES BOUGHT, SOLD AND
XJ exchanged. PHELPS <fc CO.. 917 l.arkin st.
no WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR U575:
—O low renU Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st.
I,OI)tiIN<;-H(M "SKi TO LET.
~L*J^ arranged for lodgings or houskeeplng.
FIK-MTllu; lull SALE,
I^^OoKoiLCLOTncltTT^T?^^ To
J^ Engli h Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet .' 45
4-room out lit. solid oak 75 00
SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market st.
T.-'OR SALE— 7-ROOM FLAT. i.'OMPLETELY
X I and newly furnished: rent f:'o. 125 Grove st.
t- OR SALE OR RENT^FUItNITURE OF 7
F rooms; » bargain. 3OJ9V-5 Market st
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 1 17 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new. cash or time, opi n evenings.
IRE SALE • '
J; Prices suiai tUI Koodi are completely 1L»-
-posed of.
Oak bed sets m "il
Bed lounges 3 }J
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard ... 55
Linoleum, per yard , ... 55
Matting, per yard 13
Till onr new building Is erected these prices will
eland. Till such time we are condtfc in.; bnsinsu
Hi. BE. corner bcveuiu kud ij;ti,;ju sus. J.
NOON AN. _^
Win CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, "1 V?
TIUV/ stoves, $5: pnrlor lets, $20: folriin?-h(»dj,
$10: heel- niiiiirPs. $7. T. I 1 MCCARTHY ll'J Uh.
CABPXT CLEANING:
ONES»^Sa^?3ABJpk.TP i CLEANING no"
renovating works. Main office 25 and 'it Bco.
fUEI'ET CLEANING, 8&; LAYING, 3c. ; RUt*
\j samples free; telephone Jessie 944. 6TRAT-
TON. 19 Eighth st.
RKAT WESTERN RPET-BEATINO
vJf works: latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
U'HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St. ; teL So. 40.
ON KLIN'S CARPKT IKAIINU WORKS. SSJ
CON KLIN- 'BCARPKT I'AI I.Mi U'OKKS. SSS
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
1 T YSIK AM CARPET .i I an lm ■.:;:■ nova-
tine, 38 Bth. BTEVKNS, rai;r. Tel. t^outh -'SO.
CA RPE'J 3 CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J ilke new. FERGUSON <t CO. 23 Tenth: taL
South ati. D. MACKINTOSH CO.. successor*.
E. 1 TCHELL CA RPKT CLEAN INU CO., A U
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mlssioa 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RKN-
• ovatlng works. 45:! Stevenson: twl. south 223.
HOKSKS.
UIX-YKAH-OLI) BTYLISH aTjeTpurpose
0 business horse; 1200 pounds: sound, gentle
and well broke; cheap. 351 1 hints:.
ITOR SALE CHE.V SORREL HORSE;
X 1 weight 1200. Apply 406 Sixth st.
IBIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our ■ ■■• d maKe, m every de-
scription, for l< ss money than yoo can buy Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. li i McAllister St., 8. F.
ARNESS, TEAM, EXPRESS, BAKERY
wagon ; also 2 cheap horses. 1620 Miss.on st,
1 -7\ SETB NE VV AND SECOND HAND BAR*
XO\) ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts ; must be sold. 1128 Mission sc
UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth. every Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.: S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
;Af| SET NEW AND BKCONU-HAND HAR-
O\J\J uess: all kinds: baggy.wagon, carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses, 15th arid Valencia.
HORSES Fort SALE; ALSO WAGONS
ri\J bngcies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horja
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednea-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
i:ir. The Hvfle Ranch. 630 Commercial st.
WAGONS AM) CAItIUAGK.S.
■POR AT EASTERN IM: Ie KS. FTNE
r carriages of every desc iptlon : cash, notes or
Installments. Carvill Mfg Co., IB 18 Bih su, S. F.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEM.AN, 109 sansome st.
"TCTEW and SKCOJN D-H AND BA KERS\ LA UN-
Xi dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and - lii"- iiu-;.--.-, S^J^ Harrison st.
T\PiS\VKITKKS.
A SPLENDID REMINGTON, $'.(): BEND FOB
sample work. SCOTT & BAN NAN, 333
Montgomery st. ...-,,'.-..-.ROfrßSa TO tET.
' \'\ I 7 JACKSON— ELE7jA3iT7~N^ESv7~"jiorT-
' " I • em house of 9 rooms, bath and finished
basement; marine view; rent reasonable. WILL
E. FISHER & CO.; 14 Post st.
ELEGANT HOUSE; 9 ROOMS: BA.TH; ALL
latest improvements; 2319 California, bet.
Buchanan ant! Webster. MADISON .v BURKE.
rriq let— sunn^y'residence >rK. c ORNER
i- Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and bath; flue
view. Apply H. MEYER, 929 Broadway.
ELEGANT NEW BOOMS: OPEN
plumbing; nice neighborhood. 512 Guerrero.
SPLENDID 8-KOOM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
ti -th si., bet. Valencia and Mission; see it;
very low rent.
si* 1 71 HOUSE, 5 SUNNY :oOMS AND
' l l> . bath. 624 Locust aye., off Lacuna.
HOUSE— A NICE HOUSE OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN A. HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st. ■
«<•>/) MODERN HOUSE 7 KOOMS: BASE.
«..»)''. Mont: lar p yard: «t:-.'i c. 417 Ridley st.
iui:>i;suj:i> houses.
TO RENT FOR SUMMER MONTHS— WHOLK
or part of large furnished house in Santa Crur.
Mountains: beautiful situation. Address H. GER-
RAKD, sky land P. 11., Wrights, Santa Clara Co.
OUNNY HOUSE; 6 ROOMH; NICi.LY FUR-
O nlahed: piano: ■'■*■■ 1515 Grove vt.. nr. Baker.
COTTAGES 111 LET.
JAQ LAUREITsT.. SB i \u:'ii|lMA- NEW
jUi/ modern rottageol 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment. WILL E. FISHES <fe CO.. 14 Post st.
"1 91 q I.OMHAiiI), NEAR LARKIN — COT-
J-— •Xv :. .::• . 6 rooms and bath; mode. :i improve-
ments: marine view; cheap.
791 I 'II COTTAGES ROOMS AND BATH:
I —.1 garden in hoik; rent $19; owner, 111 Van
Ness aye.
<J» I( - CO IT AGE 5 BOOMS* BATH." 3
0 ' ' • Laussal St., near Fillmore.
flj£"iq -i BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE of
O» . 5 rooms; large yard. 134 Dolores St., nr.
Fifteenth.
1 •>,• SEVENTH— •! LARGE S. NNY " FRONT
-1-fJU furnished housekeeping rooms, veranda;
yard.
COTTAUK OF 8 1 O MS; BATH; GARDEN;
V; yard. 2824 Mission st.
|D»7 ", i COTTAGE OF 3 ROO.MS; GOOD
0 I • Oki order; water free. Apply on premises,
915 Bryant 5.., near i\ieluh,or 14 Montgomery st.,
U. H. VMHSKN & CO.
l'l KNIsHJiU FLATS.
Ij^LAT OF fT" R FuVe FOR~SALK
'.'O2 Grove st., cor. Van ess aye.
T7IINELY FUUNISHED~FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
-I- bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Pri-sidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
H. C. J. box ;-St>. i. a- 1 : "Hue.
FLATS TO LET.
Q 9Q EL L? S,"^N eTk~PO L K-^nTc E~TuN NY
O— <J middle Bat; 6 rooms and bath: $30.
9 FLATS: 6 1 OOMo AND BATH; ALL MOD-
~_ern improvements; rent cheap. 1501 Turk st.
\'K\V FLAT. 5 BOOMS AND BATH; $12;
—A water free. 529 Ivy aye.
"view MODERN FLAT, 5 BOOMS,* BATH.
■-> yard, basement; $22 60. 639 Minna st.
tOO SIXTH— 4 BOOMS, HALL, FOLDING-
• ' — — doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced, $12;
also 5 rooni6, bath; rent reduced, $12.
Ql 7 HAVE- — MODERN FLATS 7 ROOMS
01 i and bah; rent reduced. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
O LET— I3I2 AND 1314 GREEN; 3 ROOMS
and bath; rent $10. Apply MADISON A
BURKE.
Q.M ~t\ FIVE-ROOM FLAT, 750 FoLSOM;
O I I .O\J. $22 50— 5-room flat, 22 Webster;
$10— 4-room Hat. 1027 Capp: $B— Cheap house re ir
of 1025 Capp. McEWEN BKOS., 118 .Montgomery.
CUNNY NOB-HILL FLAT, 920 PINE, OPPO-
>■-■■ site the Bella Vista; 6 rooms and bath; rent
$25; latest Improvements. . .
UPPER FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH; 3314
i Nineteenth st., near Mission.
T^LEGANT FLAT. 7 ROOMS, BATH: 1138
-Lj Fulton st., opposite Alamo square; rent $35.
1 CA7 STIUNER, nealT'suttek— LOWER
J-OU i flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
i"LAT 4 SUNNY BOOMS. 13 HAMPTON
place, off 1- olsom St.. bet. Second and Third.
C 1 O 4 KOO-»iS, 2037% MISSION ST. KEY
1 O. in grocery, cor. Seventeenth.
I'UT OF 5 SUNNY KOOMS. 224 Vi O'FAR-
X relist.; rent $12 50.
UNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH. 636 J ES-
sie st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
]p. jl EDDY— DESIRABLE SUNNY COK-
-I«J*±l ncr flat; 6 rooms; latest improvements;
rent reasonable.
"L'LATB IIOOMS AND BATH; MODERN IM-
J. provements. 1520 Post st.
£• ; •> FLAT OF 3 LAIIGE ROOMS; LARGE
•IMt). yard. 'Jl'2\' c Kloventh St., nr. Howard.
Ql H 1 hXrRISON— MIDDLE FLAT; LARGE
t/lv^ sunny rooms: rent $11.
«_> 1 -"" FURNISHED 3-KOOM FLAT: NO
C I ''. children. Inquire E. H. PERRY, 961
Mission st. ->
9^l A -UTTER ST.— A NICE SUNNY FLAT;
«.Olt yard front and rear; $15.
/• KOOMS, BATH AND STABLE, CORNER
U Twenty-second and Harrison.
mi A REDUCED, 1614 LEAVENWORTH—
L^-'» Upper flat 4 rooms; yarJ; cheap.
n nt» 1 MCALLISTER— FLAT 6 KOOMS AND
( —.Us baih: sunny side; rent reduced.
SUNNY FIATS; 8 AND 4 BOOMS: BATH;
garden; *13 and *16. 1700 Post st.
ow-i 7 NEW MODERN SONNY FLATS, FIVE
• v J. I . rooms and bath. 141 San Jose aye., near
Twenty- fourth BU
<_> 1(' MODERN UPPER FLAT OF B ROOMS
riU, and bath. 2203 Geary, cor. Devisadero.
Ql ti ELLIS— THREE SUNNY FLATS; 3
OJ_U rooms, bath, yard, basement: $20.
IOAITUK - FURNISHED FLAT; THREE
X— Us rooms and bath ; rent $25.
Q/* ELGIN PARK, OFF RIDLEY, ABOVE
l)U Valencia— 2 or 3 rms.: bath; lttundry: yard.
C, If\ 4- lOM UPPER FLAT, HALF A
•JIU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye.
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLaTS AND COT-
• > tages- from $6 to $20. SPECK i CO., 602
Market st.
IpiLAT— A'NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1 rent by BALDWIN <t HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
TT r it FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
.1 J 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water ir<;e.
L ' L E AN T NEW FLATS. BfcV EN I 1 1 ST.. BE-
X\i low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to ?16.
QI NNY TOP ILAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
ell latest improvements; $I>3. 713 '-rovp st.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Capp Street.
9fk CAPP— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FURNISHED
_,U complete for housekeeping to a quiet family.
" j___ T street.
91 QED D V — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
Z. J- O nished rooms; housekeeping; single rooms;
$4 up. '
(i i 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
OX I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family^ _^
Eighth Street.
O A A EIGHTH — DOUBLE SUNNY ROOM
«jUtt for housekeeping.
.bills Street.
Ron ELLIS— FOUR SUNNY RNISHED
OOZ i rooms and bath.
f-f\l* ELLIS— FRONT SUITE OK 3 ROOMS
lUO complete for housekeeping, nicely fur-
nished^
.Firth street.
991 FIFTH— NICE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
— .— ..L kitchen, for housekeeping.
Qi i FIFTII — SUNN V FRONT BAY-WIN-
-0 J 'i dow room and kitchen; also two other
sunny front housekeeping rooms; bath; yard ; pri-
vate; $10 up.
Of)' FIFTH — FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
OLO ing 2, $10; 3, $13; also single, 85.
~~——~ Fifteenth Street.
-1 -0.7 FIFTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
loot Capp— Sunuy unfurnished room for
housekeeping^
i>eary st eet.
91 71 GEARY - LARGE FURNISHED OR
— 1 I i unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
lour ill Street.
OAT FOURTH — SUNNY FURNISHED
•JU I housekeeping rooms; $2 to $2 50 per week.
"~ I uliun treot.
I 1 f\ FULTON— 2 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
J-I.U rooms; pard; $10 month. .
Howard Street.
II QA HOWARD — 3 COMPLETE FUR-
J 1 O\t nished housekeeping rooms; in private
family. :^,:/,-- : .
Inr A JIOWAID. COX NINTH — FINE
L£O~i large bay-window room; suitable for
housekeeping or 2 gents; single room $5.
-itiiAHOWABD -■ 8 UNFURNISHED
10l O rooms; light housekeeping: use bath and
laundry; no children.
1 f<fi(t HOWARD — 2 1-UKNI-HED ROOMS'
IUUU complete for light housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
.),.-!,• street.
QO4 JESSIE— 2 BOOKS FURNISHED FOR
O— 1 L X houaekeeplng: $10.
L.i.r»vin .■'tree;.
Ql Ak LA RKIN— 3 OR 6 ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
OX 'I keeping, furnished; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
5- ikblotl **< I'Ni.
Q A 7 MISSION— TWO FURNISHED ROOMS
O~t I for housekeeping
QXI MISSION— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
00 I complete fcr housekeeping.
1 W") MISSION — 2 OR 3 ROOMS >UR-
X— '— ■— i nished complete for housekeeping.
1 OKI MISSION — TWO HOUSEKEEPING
JL-.01 rooms. $iO.
1 Cl Jl MISSION— TOP FLOOR; NICK HOUSE.
JL*-M keeping; 3or 4 rooms; bath, yard, laun-
dry. basement.
Sew Montgomery Street.
1 (\r NEW MONTGOMERY — CHANGED
I\JO hand*; clean, front furnished housekeep-
ing suites. $8.
«>'l airoll street.
9991 O'FARRELL - FURNISHED KOOMS
—^— -^-2 for light iiousPKeering.
Octavia Street.
1 Ano OCTAVIA, COB. GEARY—
1t."O bay-window connecting; furnished;
housekeeping.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA -2
or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
i <.•«! street.
7"! C POST— FURNISHED OR UNFURNISH-
• It) ed rooms: light housekeeping or office.
Prospect Place.
"1 9Q PROSPECT PLACE — FURNISHED
l-6d rooms for housekeeping or without, with a
German family.
seventh street.
Q9QI SEVENTH— 3 UNFURNISH'D SUNNY
O—O^ rooms cheap.
i.vih reel.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housek. epiug rooms and other rooms.
Stevenson Street.
JOX STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND
tt_.«J Sixth Elegant rooms; first floor; very con-
venient. Apply within.
Ihird Street.
OOA THIRD — 2 1 NFURNISHED HOURE-
OOt: keeping rooms; water included; rent $6
and $7.
"lurk Mreet.
"I I£» T U RK— El EGANTLY FURNISHED
1 ID suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
101 TWELFTH— 2 FURNISHED .OR UN-
XO"i furnished housekeeping rooms; lower floor.
Van >enfi Avituue,
Q1 1 VAN NESS AYE. — LARGE, SUNNY
Oil -ron alcove and kitchen complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE
furnished rooms for housekeeping, cheap.
Miscellaneous.
PLEASANT HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS IN
-L private family ; reduced rates. R. R., box 147,
Call Office.
ROO3IS TO LET.
Bush Street.
797 BUSH-LARGE BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
I — . % also small front. $7^
1 1 f\7 bi'«h-haM)so.mely FURNISHED
i- JLU i rooms, gas. hot and coid water; bath.
I. tuly Street.
Qfk7 EDDY— SMALL SUNNY ROOM; LOW
OU i rent; private family.
r «>A EDDY-LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
OO\J room; grate; closet; low rent; ranning
water.
Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
■ si., near Market; iurmahed and unfurnished.
Sbilla street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
-TV lights in every room; reading-room contains all
daily papers: open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
to if 1 50: week. *2 to $8: mouth, $8 to *:-0; fire
escapes; elevator on office floor' r'ms for families.
rpilE KA.MONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE S.
1 MART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <& cola water.
.>■] r\ KLLi-i— 3NE~wl"yfur3Tishedrooms
—.JLU complete for housekeeping; $28.
POSEDALK HOUSE, 831 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
Jl a: reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
'-*»» ELLIS (.THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
,">__ j CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
Ti o ELLIS — FURNISHED or unfur-
*l 1 O nished; light housekeeping; single rms., $6.
fifth street.
1 fkQ FIFTH ST.-NICE, CLEAN, SUNNY
1 U • t front rooms, single or double, $1 50 to $3
per week.
beiirv street.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
. . uiiie.: i.aie Avenue.
'1 n GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT,
Ox O gunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Uaight Street.
1 f\f\ HAIGHT— COMFORTABLE ROOM; GAS,
IUU bath: low rent: private family.
Harriet Street.
9*o HARRIET-3 ROOMS; CHEAP.
Howard Street.
Q9Q HOWARD — SUNNY FURNISHED
OZ.O rooms with bath: rent very reasonable.
1 9.C\ti HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH — 3
JLOUU or 4 rooms; rent low.
Hyde Street.
9-1 f\ HYDE TWO sUNNY FURNISHED
— IU rooms; complete for housekeeping.
v on«« - r««.,
Ur JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• suite; also sunny alcove room: private.
9f!7 -'ONES— THE VAN VUNKLK NKW
— -v/ I manaeement: elegant funny suites . and
single: newly Inrnlshril* bath, etc: *lo to «3ii.
1 9HQ JONES st.-to RENT, SUNNY FUK-
I_.U«y nisbed rooms; single or suite.
»*;<»rny stree...
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127KKAR7TT-PLSAS-
.iv »ut sunny rooms, ec sulteand single: first cUai
jntvtry respect: terms reasonable.
91G KEAKNY— NEWLY RENOVATED AND
; — '/ elegantly furnished rooms, suite or single,
by the day, week or month; first floor for offices.
MRS. GRACE GEORGE.
Larkin Street.
Qf\A LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
'' OUi furnished, $9; large back, $7; housekeep-
ing;
Ql7 L«A RK I NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
'Jit double, single and housekeeping; all fur-
nished; $7 up.
TOO 7 LARKIN-CRAGBOURN— ELEGANT-
-1 UU I ly furnished sunny rooms, single and en
suite.
.> .ilk-- stree:.
V OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night. 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
McAllister Street.
TOR MCALLISTER— FURNISHED AND UN-
% UO furnished rooms; running water; reason-
able.
A - MCALLISTER, NEAR VAN NESS—
'1— •') Nicely furnished sunny room: use of bath.
ii*.iiin» -tree*.
aorr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUK-
UU i nisbed bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
it is* on -i res,.
-TOO MISSION ST.— LABGE LIGHT ROOM;
i U» > suitable for tailor.
VfcWbY FURNI HF.D; CHEAP RENTS;
i. front or back rooms, $6 ip. 832 Mission st.
09991 MISSION— NIC LARGE ROOMS;
£.~.JL.t~'* new bedding; private • family; special
care.
Ninth Street.
11Q NINTH ST. -SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
I 1 O light housekeeping: lower flat.
Oak Street.
Q99 OAK— LARGE, SUNNY. WELL-FUR-
O— <— i nisbed front room; a suite reasonable.
Polk street.
1 I OO POLK, COR. SUTTER-NICELY FUR-
I 100 iiishod front rooms; reasonable; new
building. ■
•1 I 1"I POLK.COR. SUiTER-LARGE FRONT
J. 1*0:1. sunny bay-window room.
i"osr Street.
n-l C POST— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
010 rooms: $5 to $».
seventh Street.
1 O.CZ SEVENTH-FURNISHED FRONT SIN-
X OD gle rooms: $1 per week.
litylor Street.
■1 AQ TAY LOP-SUNNY PARLORS. SINGLE
X\Ju and double rooms: $1 50 and %'l a week.
Tenth Street.
if)' TENTH— LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
JZU room, gas, bath, 59; biuall one, $5.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Turk Street.
qnq turk-parlors, FRONT or BACK,
tH'«> furnished; closets; gas: very cheap.
15OA RUING AND ROOMS.
OLU M BI A "hotEL^IX bui?klky^ yoH-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackmeier's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.; meals 25c.
0 A I \ SHOT WELL- FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
—; Jy nished; with board, $17; without. $7.
VTEAT SUNNY BOOMS IFOR" GENTLEMEN j
-> breakfast if desired; references. 12.0 Mc-
Allister st.
—1 *) POST- FURNISHED ROOM; US OF
I 1— • parlor and piano; good board: $20 up.
STEWART, COX. ELLIS AND LEA V
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
7~e lTis- ell FURNISHED FRONT
101 bay-window room, with or without board.
HOTEL BEKTLING, 714 *BU SH— A' FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
>T" conveniences. -^ '
CHILDREN HOARDED.
W; WISHES' sTcfi ITbREN^T(7¥nARD';
'* furnished room for parent. 1024 Leaven-
worth.
I" ADY IN COUNTRY WISHES 1 OR 2
JJ small children or infant to board; good home;
reasonable. Apply at I all Office.
pHILD THAT CAN WALK TO BOARD IN A
\J private family; mother's care; $8. 44 Vi
R:tch st.
p E MAN LADY WISHES BAB Y~TO BOARD;
VJ good home. 435 V-s Hayes st.
Vy ANTED-SMALL CHILDREN TO B.OAKD;
II good home and mother's care. Apply 1913
Magnolia st. , Oakland.
LADY WITH GIRL 16 WISHES 1 OR 2
children to board. 134 Collins st.
k> CHILDREN, NOT UN! El; 5 YEARS, TO
— bOßrd. 1668 Thirteenth aye.. Kas: ■ >akland.
SUMMER RESORTS.
FINE CAMPING PLACE TO LET; BIG TENT
and complete outfit; snfe for ladies: Ross Val-
ley $20 a month. 1.-.03 Geary st.
IV ERSIITk RANCH— ON THE HANKS OF
It Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County; round trip, S9 75 from San Fran-
cisco: Ratline, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
(-.ILLI->PIE. Potter Valley. Mendocino County.
STORES TO LET.
TTR^TiTmNTß'Tmjßir'vvTi^
1 J rooms and basement; also li.it of 8 rooms and
bath. 417i/i Third st.
OTORE AND ROOMS. 2257 MISSION ST.
OFFICES TO LET.
£T47rrf~A^Mr"77mn r iT¥
OZii'a fices and residence combined; reasonable.
1 AA GEARY, NEAK KEARNY— ELEGANT
J first-floor bay-window furnished office.
PRKCKKLS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
r> Elegant sunny otlices. $12 60 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. CMHSEN >fc CO.. 14 Montcomery st.
HOTEL TO LET.
s~^&?^TllK^vT TlcLir^HOUSE[ 317^319
Bush st. : this well-known hotel Is thoroughly
renovated, considerably Improved: compares with
best 2d-class hotel in town. M A lilSc'N A. HU XX
HOTEL TO LEASE.
HOTEITrw ITEASE^"ORXTEIT>roP YE?\Rsl
new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also eround Moor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, Vi block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnistud throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
s.irj-tomp St.. room 39.
HOTEL WANTED.
WANTED— TO LEASE OR RENT, A GOOD
"» country hotel; send particulars, etc. A. ZEL-
I.EH, lti()7 Bros St.. Oakland.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
mRUSTEES 1 SALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE certain
th" terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by OTTO BR*>'DT,
party of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDKUS B. KENT, Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the San Francisco Savings
Union, party of the third part, dated February Sth,
3893, and recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder of the county of Tir are, State of California,
in Liber 10 of Trust Deeds, at page 265, and follow-
ing: and in pursuance of a resolution passed on
the 14th day of May, 189t5, by the Board of Direc-
tors of said San Francisco .savings Union, a COT-
.poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,292),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums, due under said note and deed of
trust, a-d requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
lo satisfy said indebtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. NT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY", the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Easton, Eldridge it Co., No. 638 Market
street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in cold coin of the
United states, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate in the county of Kings (formerly part of the
county of Tulare), State of California, described as
follows, to wit :
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In township nineteen (19) south, range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base ana meridian.
of section thirty (30), the northwest quarter
(NW. ii).
Of section thirty-two (32), the northwest quar-
ter (NW.y
Coutalning three hundred and twenty (320)
acres of land, more or less.
Together with tiie appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on deliver}' of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL,! T .„
THADDEUS H. KENT, ( l rusle * a
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FO FlH«flslsTN7nn r D R ANTS
-L for use of the Fire Department— Office of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County of
San Francisco. June 23, 1895.
In accordance with Resolution No. 14,588
(Third Series) of the Board of supervisors, bids
will be received In open board on MONDAY
AFTERNOON, June 29, 1696, from 2:80 to 3
o'clock, to furnish 500 hydrants, more or less, for
use of the Fire Department, as per pattern to be
seen at the Corporation Yard of said Department.
Said hydrants to bed» ivered from time to time as
required at the works of th" manufacturer from date
of award of contract to June 30. 1897. All gates,
bends and valves to be of San Francisco manu-
facture, and all hydrants manufactured and de-
livered under the contract to be approved by the
chief Engineer of the Fire Department prior to
their acceptance.
NOTlCE— Bidders will state a price per hy-
drant for which they will deliver the same com-
plete, with the understanding that the contractor
must deliver such number of hydrants as required
and called for by said Chief Engineer, from time
to time, without extra charge from the price bid,
payment therefore to be made on the reception
and approval of the hydrants as furnished here-
under.
The party to whom a contract Is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the ex-
ecution of the contract to pay the cost of adver-
tising this notice in three dully ne<- spapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facilitate
the award the board has resolved to receive no
bids unless made upon blank forms prepared by
the committee and a certified check- for the sum of
*500 deposited by the bidder with and made payable
to the Clerk of the board, conditioned if the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded, and If the
bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the advertising
charges, execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six days after the award is
made, then and In hat case the said sum shall bo
paid into the City and County treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOX -UPPLIES FOR VJETK^
X raris' Home Association— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at Its office, room 3. 3'JO Saosome street,
san FranclßCO, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.. Satur-
day, June 27, 1896, and opened Immediately there-
alter iv the presence of bidders, for furnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Veserana' Home, Nnpa County, California
(railroad station, Yountvllle), for the six months
commencing July 1, 1896, and ending December
31, 1896.
- Schedules with Information and instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon application
by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions or the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless it is in -accordance with such
schedul'S Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per cent
of the amount of bis bid, payable to J. c. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
into a k od aud valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or nil bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veterans'
Home Association, room 13,320 Sansome street,
Sao Francisco, Cal. . f>.
By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR A CONCRETE BULK-
J. head and bituminous yard work— *ealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education, new Civ Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896. at 8:30 o'clock P. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Grammar school in accordance with plans and
specification- (and theron ltions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles 1. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market stn-ets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. ULORGE BEAN IsTON, Secretary.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
"\7"ERY CHOICE UPRIGHT. BEAUTIFUL
V case, excellent tone, sacrificed for $130: owner
obliged to sell. Room 21, 809 Market st.
AN ALMOST NEW UPRIGHT STEINWAY;
Immediate, forced sale. Room 10, Flood bldg.
AGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO; N EW ;
soid to pay advances. 1921 Sacramento at.
"jniSHER UPRIGHT. $125; MARSHALL &
1 X Wendell. $125: bargains a $150 and $175.
: THE ZEITO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
Si r HALLE & DAVIS PIANO FORSALE;
'tO. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth St. '
lANOS iIALF PRICE. '
X ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATK OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST BEL .
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
5 OUK NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to ko elsewhere for more
favorable term* and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives.
A STEIN WAY~ $175; ST C $160: STERL-
$100; Laid $60. BRI ENN'S, 228 Post.
I)IAN S— DO YOU WANT ONE? "FINEST
-L stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 933 -Market st.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
at a sacrifice. THE ¥. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market .st.
FORK BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
6 Gerts and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
j prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post St.
I /Slosing our a COMPLETE LINE OF
! \J small goods at prices less than goods cost
i landed in New York ; just the chance to buy a fine
I instrument for your summer outing at small out-
I Iky: violins, $1 «5: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3:
antoharps, $1: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
; pianos for rent and sale. J. HARKY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Sprt-ckels building.
,_. IO- FINE CIUCKEKING; SCHMITZ, 16
tpiAO. McAllister st., next to Hlbernia Bank.
111CKKK1NU. KNABE STJiCK.VOSE, BTER-
Ilns pianos; see our n«ir piano for $187: plaao*
tor rent. BENJ. t'UKTAZ i SON. 16 O'Farrell.
YKON MAI/. V. -MM POST ST. — SOHMKK,
Nfwbr A Evans, Prices end other pianos.
UPERIOK VIOLINS, WITHERS. OLDdsNEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THJ»
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
— — — ~ BICYCLES. ~™
r EW Th^^higiTgkXd?! tXntTem ST-
-1 cycle at a great bargain. IRA SOKRICK, 14
bansome street, room 37.
WINFIKLD Pi ARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
DM AND WHEELS IN PERFECT
order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $80, Victor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
UK NEW FALCON: HIGH UrtADE; $45 AND
00 $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGE
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market st.
ICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, S-.>,-> TO $ 65/1 HAM-
ilton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes.
i. ICYCLESFORS2O, ?25, !$3O, $85, $40, $45,
1 ' $50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
1?Oll SALE— BAMJBLBRrwARWICK: IM-
X penal and Clipper bicycles at great gains.
803 Larkln St. ■
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Allister and Powell st. car lines.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
•v-^3 11. P. UPKIGUT EN7aNE~AND~CEN-
_V trlfußal pump attached and 50-light dynamo.
I 616 Mlaslon. ■
/•-FOOT BY 3-FOOT 2-INCH BILLIARD TA-
*' ble; in good order: suitable for private use; very
cheap. Inquire .02 Fillmore St.
I^RKSH COW FOR SALE. 1N Q I I R i. FOR IY-
fifth st., opposite Old Ladies' Home, Oakland.
(J.*)^ GOOD BUSINESS BUOUV: oK
«4P— trade for second-hand lumber. 115 Sec-
ond st.
T^OR SALE-FKESH FAMILY COW: DUR-
X ham-Holstein. 215 Linden aye., nr. Franklin st.
SALE CHEAP — TEAM of young
X mules, harness and wagon; good . roadsters.
Apply 1913 Magnolia St., Oakland.
f\ OI"NT E R S, SiIKI.VIMi, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121% Market, bet. 7th & Bth.
A RT; AI N -4 1 YPEWKiTERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
I, OILERS, ENGINES.2LKH AND MACHINERY,
j I ) waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
. UILDTN'G.s BOUGHT; LUMBER. SASHivS~
i ' > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE .-•MALL, MEDIUM AND JUARUE SIZK
tire and bnrs:::-.r proof safe. 109, 11l Market si.
L^IRE AND it KG LA X SAFi<; LETI'KK-
-I press, platform scales and deskreheap. lu_ Clay.
7VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN 6KCONI>-
-L> band. \V. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California at.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
"^~LIT ,TLT"~"p iTu fTTssOU i\ EUGENE^
BE WISE. BE WISE. BE WISE.
Knowledge is power. Remain not In darkness,
! but seek the light ct wisdom and learn what the
future holds for you. All are pleated with his
readings. His powers excite the wonder and ad-
miration of aIL He gives advice on all mat ers of
interest to humanity. If you are in trouble or are
nnsuccensful consult him at once. Read his Sun-
> day's advertisement. Hours 10 a. m. to BP. M.
Letters with stamp answered.
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
■ 172H Market st.
ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE
that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
I'ROFESSOK M. L. CAKNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
| fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
i vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
j separated together, causes a speedy and happy
• marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
: everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
i ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
i call on PROF. .M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy St.
' Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
I dally and Sundays.
* DDIE SWAIN'S TALK— "PHENOMENA"
J\. tests Wed., Friday; no fee. 14 McAllister st.
\» M X. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
IVJ business advice; names eiven;2sc up. 6 Fourth.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
gents 50c: all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
7 ON K LLA, SPIRITUAL AND TEST MEDIUM,
) J J recently of New York, tells you how to bo pros-
! perous in business: locates mines: sittings daily;
! hours Ito 6. Parlors 8 and 9, 318 Kearny st.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVEN 111 DA UGH-
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true
likeness of future husbanl or wife: materialize*
; before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
] the public, for 50c and $1 ; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3acd 4. 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
-•1 infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
i success in New York City; -greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton su Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant. card- reader, born with a douDle veil and
I second sight; ladies 60c, gents $1; palmistry and
] clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk si., nr. Jones.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ME. LEOKITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, or. Fourth.
<\,| ME. MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
i'l past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
M-, AKNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 60c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
RETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MM E.
It SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: price* moderate H. r >H Mlaslon,
SPIRITUALISM.
RsT DR. W. . MIRANDAS,
The celebrated, spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to all her patients who return this cou-
pon; she desires to make known her wonderful
j power over the sick, troubled and afillcted:. your
I life described from cradle to the grave; gives you
success and happiness; dlaenoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp ans.; sittings $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
/"CLAIRVOYANT: LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c;
\J 41 Minna St., basement.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 10c. MME.
YOUNG. 605 McAllister sL Sittings dally.
RbTsHKiNER; TE T. CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
tests to all, 25c: si tines daily. 311 Van Ness.
RS. KATE HOSkINS; CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
25 cents. 136 Oak »t
r>EMOVAL— ADDIE SWAIN. ASTRAL SEER
it and psychic physician, 14 McAllister St., near
Jones, rooms 18 and >0; no fee except as a gift. ,
RS. KATE HOSKI.\s7~TRANc7:Ta Ni)
ness medium; sittings daily ; $ . 136 Oak St.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
vrs. Kearnv. now 92C Poit: fee $1; letter $2.
' .ASTROLOGY.
MEDICAL ASTROLOGY — PROF. HOWARD'S
Vital remedies remove nil chronic troubles and
restore to perfect neal.h. 311 Hyde si. 10 to 3.
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: dally or by mall. $•.». Iltii/j Geary st.
bTORAUE.
ppLVi?oirßTT^frFTnrs¥^
JX ture, etc. SHIItEK & SHIREK, 747 Market,
T ARGE DRY, BASEMENT WITH HYDRAU-
J lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
Tri H. KOONEY, 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
J .rcdt.ced rates; basement storace,sl 50 per load
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN TUJS city ; FIRE-
ii? proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
IpUKNITURK. : PIANOS, TRUNK"*: AD-
J? vances. shipping. CHAS. L. T A YL0U.204
OWES t" RATES-FURNITURE, PIANOS,
XJ household good% etc. J. M. r><erce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLI3;
'. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
city real estate.
PARK PANHANDT.E FLATsT~~
•i elegant and MODERN.
SACRIFICE price,
<k.7^ft(\ REDUCED FOR QUICK SALE:
•U? I O\J\J. cost $10,000; 2 handsome modern
fiats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath : only 4 years old:
on Lv on st., near Oak: only $1000 cash required;
lot 25x91 :2 feet; look at this for a beautiful home
and paying Investment.
EASION, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ ■ ■ - 638 Market st.
SUTTER-ST. CORNER. '-. '
ONLY $6000.
must sp;ll.
xtw. cor. sutter AND baker; lot 42:3
■!■ ' xB7 :6 feet : present 10-room house can be con-
verted into 2 stores and fiats above; will pay big;
street work all done: this Is a snap.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
IG VALUE"! '■ -■■■
MODERN RESIDENCE.
IN THE WESTE N ADDITION.
QfAAA A SUBSTANTIAL WELL-BUILT
tJpUUUU. 2-story house of 8 rooms, bath and
basement; on Devisadero st., near Haight: nicely
decorated and in first-class condition; well worth
$8000: lot 25x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & C 0...
638 Market st.
/CHOICE FLATS. ■
\J DESIRABLE LOCATION. ;
HALF A BLOCK NORTH OF MARKET.
Q*A£\C\(\ FINE PAIR OF FLATS; 5 AND 6 |
»lP t r«JWLf. rooms and bath; in splendid condi- :
tion; north side of street; lot 25x115; this prop- I
erty has a grand future.
■i -■■/ EASTON, ELDRIDGE it CO..
638 Market st.
OZY HOMES. '■ '
\J ON EASY TERMS.
$200 CASH. $1« PER MONTH. I
QL I 900 CASH— 2 PRETiY COTTAGES IN !
<H) IZ.\J\J the Fairmount Tract: 4 rooms and I
bath each; well built: in good condition; lots 25x
100 each. EASTON, ELDRIDUE & CO.,
- 638 Market st.
HANDSOME HOME.
ALMOST NEW.
NEAR THE PARK PANHANDLE.
ffl»_9F;rv MODERN COTTaGE, 6 ROOMS
»js*x«««Jv/. and bath, high basement; on the
north side of Hayes st., near I.yon: lot 25x100
feet; mortgage 8.500 in hibernla Hankran remain.
. ASTON, ELDRIDGE <v CO.,
638 Market at,
FEW BARGAINS
IN CHOICE LOTS.
$400— aye., nr. Point Lobos; street graded
and macadamized; 25x120.
$•60— 10ih aye., near California; 25x120: very
cheap.
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100.
S3ooo— Buk'T, Dear Oak; 'J5x9t3:10; overlooking
the Park Panhandle.
$3250— Valiejo, near Lyon; 51:6x137:6; marine
view ; very cheap
$3400— choice lots on Presidio Heights; 50
xl 27:8: reduced from $4000.
83600— Washington St.. near Devisadero; 30x
127:8 Vi; street bl.umlnlzed.
$3600— Corner near Laguna and O'Farrell; 25x
62:6.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
BY ORDER BANK— MODERN HOUSE AND
lot, Haightst.. near Buchanan: a bargain if
sold this week easy terms if desired ; lot 30x120
to rear street. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ■_
0" WNER.MUsT LEAVE CITY: WILL SELL
great sacrifice for cash; southwest corner Fol-
som and Twenty-first sts., 9<x9o: southwest
Twentieth and Treat aye., 25x110, also 50x100
north side Pag* st., 37 feet from Shradcr, bet.
Shrader and Stanyan sts. ; offer wanted. Inquire
Herb. Institute, 1205 Market St.
SOI f\(\ COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
»3> — ±"U. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; *25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St. .
■EXCHANGE; SAN RAFAEL RESIDENCE;
XJ 8 rooms, etc ; large lot accepted street; value
$4000; for city residence. J.R.ROCHK.San Rafael.
A POSITIVE "SN A¥. —
2\- 8-room residence in the Western Addition: 15
minutes from Kearny st : can be modernized at
a small cost; see this and make an offer. Further
I articu ! ars of owner, box 162, Call OlHce.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
CHEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE. LOT; 7
V^ rooms: bath: finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St., nr. Stanyan, 1 2 block G. Gate Pane
¥. rn/l 21 ST AND DOUGLASS: LOT 25x
tip I UV/. 1.5. (alia 865 Mission. WAT-OX.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
n~BARGA INiT- W II DO YOU WANT?
O\J\.t 20 houses and lo's from $1260 to. .$lO,OOO
Residence property, clear. 1i.%000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to SO.OOO
100 business places, all kinds, from 850 to. 4.000
H. C. DECKKR, 10-0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
<I_/innn house, Richmond tract, for
OtfcUUU merchandise, DECKER, 1030 Mar-
ket st.
"1 A ACRES NEAR SANTA ROSA FOR CITY
JLtt property. DECKER, 1020 Market st J
I/UN a HOME, GENTRALLY "LOCATED, IX
-T exciiance for lodging-house north of Market;
from $4iloo to $6000. K. box 159 , this c flic.
100/ i ACRKS TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
I -CPU nmer: fine for catllt-rHtsSng. N..hx.l6.t'aU
PROPERTY WANTED.
TPTNTE^D^^C^Or^PAYTNGTIT.' V ESTMENT
» » business property, between Market, Jones and
Geary sts., S. P.; mus pay 5 per cent net; outlay
840.000 to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 633
Hobart St. Oakland.
"MEDICAL.
A~~T£~CASES^ oI^IRItEGULXRITIES RK-
stored In » few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETU, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
ASSAGK AND SWEDISH MOVEMENTS.
Patient* treated at their home in accordance
with the principles of the Royal Gymnastic Cen- i
tral Institute of Stockholm, Sweden; rheumatism,
neuralgia and nervous weakness a specialty. C.
M. NELSON, Medical Gymnast and Masseur.
Address 123 Tenth St., San Francisco.
INSTITUTE OF PNEUaIATOPATUY FOR
1 healing and instructions; 2729 "Jackson si, I
hoars, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
D~R. PEN A CHECKS IT LN 21 UuUK.->f
prompt relief; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ay ■.
NEW PROCKSS-NO MEDICINE, IN.STRU-
nienf or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female tiou hies, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; j
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed: ,
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny hu
BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians j
In San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by |
an improved method, superior to others; laities I
will save time and money: be assured of honest !
treatment by contulinu' the doctors before calling |
elsewhere: patients who have been Imposed upon
are specialty Invited; home In confinement; ad-
vice free. DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEA-E& OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcel ed In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market sU to 904 McAllister st. ;
1 ADIES.CONBULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT,
XJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
I>ECARD'S DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specialty: also "flue Baths." Rooms 3 and 4, ■
MacDonough building, Oakland. !
M~ RS. DX. WEGENKR takes ladies BE- !
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ■
\jjce PRIVATE homk IN CONFINEMENT;
JLN all female diseases treated; expert physicians;
term* moderate. Oflice, 235 Kearny St., room 9.~
1 PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
i DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR A FEMALE Dl-EASE
see MRS.DX, PUETZ and becontent. .541/2 *th.
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DISfcA
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfori; satisfaction guaranteed* 0/
MKH. DR. GW YEK, 226 Turk St. •
I R. HALL, 14 JMcA I.Li.~>i -It STREET, NKAU
'Jones. i> meases of women and children. «
4 LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
J\. ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger;
safe and sura; $2 60 _ a : press C. O» D. don't delay
nntil too late. USGOOD Kitos.. Oakland. Cal.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI- j
_rV •.it v . private; do charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. U. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
RW KING, A TT( ) V . AT- LAW, CHRON-
. ii-lu oidg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
E. PHILLIPS— U. a AND STATE COURTS ;
. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan' on es-
tates: charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
m J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
J. . law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14. 13.
Y\f W. DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY-A l'-LA 420 I
YV . California St.. rooms 14 and 15; advice free. ■
—"—-——" rUYSICIANS.
_^I^V^D^DRrc?"c^"o r SSNNTcLL TO 1-03
IV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
lJ his museum, 1051 Market : st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
SEWING MACHINES.
T\OMESTIC SEWING MACHINE. WITH AT-
U tachments, $12 50. 2437 Mission St., nr. 21st.
 U. KINDS BOUGHT. SOLd7eXCHaNGB n,
■A rented, repaired: lowest ratfa. -05 Fourth st.
BAGGAGE TRANSFER.
mRUNKS MOVED. 25 OKirra commercial
1 Transfer company, 43 Butter st.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us.
. country real estate.
t~tt'tle~home&: close" to town, IM-
-l-J proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit, D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market s:., S. F. ■
01., DAI AND WOOD RANCH "OF ■ 160
acres. United States patent, and 160 acres
ho instead abandonment; more than 100 acres
tillable: 1000 cords firewood: 3 large springs: 2
miles from town;. lovely aitu..tio:i: $1000; half
cash. D. H. TWING, Sonoma CUy, C»L
ffljl Af\f\ IMPROVED RANCH, 12 ACHES.
t3)i.tl \J\J. easy terms; also unimproved, $90 an
acre. Owner, 1024 Leavenworth St., i;r. Cali-.ornia.
■ WANTED— BY LADY WITH B<»Y, A FUR-
■ '» nished room with small stove for lieht house-
keefDinsr: $6: land. Alameda or Mission.
Vera, box 32, Call OuUce.
EAI TIFULHOME; 175 ACRES FOR SALE
at a sacrifice: land is situated in Monterey
County overlooking the bay of Monterey; fine Im-
provements, stock, tools, etc.,' go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, flue water and climate. For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 33, Castro-
v-lle, .Monterey Coun.y. Cat.
CJfinn 24 ° ACRES ON main COUNTY
«IP"±UUI>i, road in Pleasant Valley: house of 11
rooms: large barn: plenty of wat.-r and wood; 140
acres under cultivation; will exchange for house
and lot in Oakland.,
ftQT^fi one of the FINEST 10-ACRE
•IPO I O\J. tracts In the state, located IVi miles
from Mountain View, Santa Clara County: all set
0..1 to fruits now full bearing common house;
good barn, windmill tank, and lankhouse; crop this
year will pay $700: 81000 cash, balance long time.
1 f\f\ ACRES OF FINE FRUIT AND GRAIN
1 \J\J land 3 miles from railroad: Placer County :
80 acres under cultivation; all fenced; common
house; good Darn: plenty of water; on 20 acres of
this land there are splendid prospecs of a gravel
claim which will pay largely: owner wants house
and lot in Oakland, Alameda or San Francisco;
price $5000.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second flloor Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. ■
END TO LAND DEPARTMENT OF BOVEE,
TOY & HONNTAG, 19 Montgomery St., for
maps and full information of McMahan Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; nnequaled in Cali-
fornia. •
\\; A NTED-TO LEASeT SMALL .RANCH FOB
'» chicken-raisins in the vicinity of San Fran-
cisco Bay. Address, statin? rent and full particu-
lars. L. P.. Box 23, all Office.
SAN MATEO: J-OE SALE; SPLENDID COUN-
-0 try residence and 3 acres of land; house has all
modern improvements; grounds niceU- improved
with ornamental trees, flowers, etc.; also outhouses
in all kinds; this Is one of the most desirable places
ofSanMateo and can be secured at a bargain.
Call or address Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy, cor. Mar-
ket and Powell sts.
GOOD GKAIN OR FRUIT RANCH OF 100
\J acres in 1 ulare County for sale or exenange.
Apply 917 Lamm st.
"LMtUIT ORCHARD — 10-ACRE TRACTS,
X fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
for men by the year: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alamtda.
i LAMED A COUNTY FRUIT LAND;
- V choicest in the state: selling in tracts, 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: lVa hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. 67
Chronicle building.
ARYn COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES _6 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $76 per
acre: terms to suit. .syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
"L^OU HOMES IN LOSG^TOS OR ORCHARDS
X in the vicinity or In Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co. ■■' ;: ;.<.:.
SEND FOR OUR LIST UK. ORCHARD HIIMKB
forwUß. WOOSTKK <• WH ITTt>N'. -h 1 ■>"*-.
MO»«EY TO LOAN. ~~
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
-I'J. est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance, Coin, box 2. Call.
UN V LUA N Kit US JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office
1 .Market st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tur'iC
1 UANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
J ' mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 3-8 Montgomery.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2l> or 3D MORTGAGES:
_&. estates, undivided interests, real estate in era-
bate. McCOLtIAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
I IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
iJ no removal; no delays: no commissions: low
Inierost. Km. 68, Donohue bids. 1170 Market st.
ST & -lii JIOUTUAOES; INTEREST!* IN E.-t-
-tates;lowest rates deIay. MURPHY.62H Mrkt.
\ DVANCESON I»IAMONUS.JH\VELttV. ETC
/I Columbia Loan A Collateral Ofuce, 9 Grant aye.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
-TV. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE. H4B Market St.: open evenings.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
PAWNBROKERS.
A T 129 KEAKNY S'H." ROOM »^MON_y"
—4. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: prt*
vale rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 3 cheap.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $600 TO PAY MORTGAGE;
'» across the bay; good security; first mortgage.
M. M. A., box 9, Call. ■
WANTED— TO BORROW, $1000 for one year,
<• at reasonable intorest : security, chattel mort-
gage of property worth $10,000. Address B. E.,
box 71. Call Office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND AND FRuiTVALE PROPERTY
for sale or exchange: furnished houses to let.
E. HILL, 34 Donohoe building, S. F.
i>7x7s FEET, ON FRANKLIN ST.. WITH
*J I improvements; business corner; must be sold
to close an estate: the chance of a lifetime: no
reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. 11. BLOW,
1010 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS, BATH, LAUNDRY,
\J attic; large lot; rent reduced from $J5 to $15.
See WILLIAM STONE, 1139 East .Nineteenth
St., near Twenty-third aye., East Oakland.
If OR RENT— a COTTAGES; MODERN; 5 AND
X 6 rooms: $15 nndsl6; large los near Berkeley.
■I H. I- I»QN. 908 i roan way. Oakland.
OAKLAND I LATS TO let. ~~
"STcT~ne"w" MOrJlKloT^nioTKii^XATFsrNO
tip 10, dark or inside rooms: stove in Kitchen:
dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central;
near Adeline station; apply at once. A. 11.
BREED A CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
I ARGE SUNNY BAY-WINDOWED FUR-
ii niohed room: 3 minutes' walk from local
trains. Apply 677 Eighth St., Oakland. ■
AHiPOSA— MRS. EMMA iT ADAMS—
i'l Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single; also, first-class tabie board. 666
Eleventh st., near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
Fourteenth and CASTRO— TO let.
X with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
nnd eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"qT^c F^LriTNlT^ru^TßoTJSis^ hTschellT
<]pO«>. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh si . Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA IiKAL ESTATK.
\\ ARCUSK~^~ITEMM^Li CONTRACTORS
i'l and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2. . -
$-.200— $'_•* cash. $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage: 5 rooms and bath.
$2450— cash, $22 60 monthly; 63x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash. $L's monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
•3000— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 6 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location. .
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
(jftTTTTTj LOT 60x190; ET WORK ALL
«JpJ.I"V/. dove; beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 13-room house 10
rent unfurnished; finest location In Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Benton st- T. F. BAIKD, 1303
Park bU
C|i-A(|/l BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
»j*')UWU. mo-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; largo roonn: Central aye.,
one clock west of Park si.; it will surely please
yon: investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
AHGAIN— SIBSO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x130: house of six rooms; $350 rath;
balance $13 36 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Brunei OaKlan 1.
ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
3~ TOiB!rnnr'su!?NT"R^
tage;- furnished for housekeeping; near both
trains: 'Alnmeda. P.. box 2. C> '. Office, Oakland.
i.l.liKi.l.i.i 1.1.AL LSlAlli. •'
"josEPH J. mason, RE \L~~ESTATE~AND
v insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjomlnz
bank.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR BALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., rt-ul < stata
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. ' ■- ■■
BERKELEY HOUSES.
T^ITT?EI^r^ToTCE^T^f^(JATK)N^^
J 'Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to nrst-clwis tenant long term, bee
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
Btlll US— MARRIAGES—
f Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In as
either of the publication ofllcas and be lndorssl
with the name aud residence of persons authorUdi
to have the satuo published,
HO UN.
HABTMAN— In this city, June 19. 1896, to th«
wife of Abe L. Hart man, a daughter. ■■
KOSTES— In this city, June 16, 1896, lOthe wlf»
of Nicholas KoBtes, a son.
PEPER— In this city, May 29, 1896, to the wife of
Frank Peper. a son. . '
MARRIED.
CERF-GOLD^MITH-ln this city, June 21,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Julius Fryer of the Bush-
street Temple. Joseph L. Cerf and Leah Gold-
smith, both o sun Francisco. KKmffl
DIED.
Eaker, Rev. E. P. Mutter, August
iilllesbaek, George Mirer, Joseph
Donald, John , Newman. William
Gottlieb, William Nelson, Ha: He
Heuraux, Edward Nelson. Andrew
Hayes, William Perusina, Antonio
Jenks, *arah, Russell, Patrick
Kelly, Ellen SclinVlt. AuKUstln
KcenAn, Catherine Schwartz. Valentine
Lamb, William Edwin St. Jonn, Mary
McGurk, Mary Ann smith, C. W.
Welch. Mr.
BAKER— At Ben Lomond, June 20, 1896, Rer.
. E. P. Baker, aged 65 years. .
BILLKSBACK— In Lower Lake, Lake County,
Cal., June 20, 1896, George Billtsback, a native
of Wiscon ii), ai;ed 4.0 years.
DONALD— In tins city, at the Potrero, June 21,
IS9B, John, beloved husband of Maggie S. Don-
ald and father of John. Katie, Annie, Alexander,
Bessie ana Jessie Donald and son of Jo.'in and
Martha Donald and brother of Alexander Don-
ald. .Mrs. Mary Scoit and James, Archie, Wil-
liam nnd David Donald, a native of Paisley,
Scotland, aged 42 years. [Paisley (Scotland)
papers please copy.J
tflTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ft'"y Invited to attend tne tnnaral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from his
late residence, 121 Arkansas street, Potrero.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by ] 3:30
o'clock p. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
GOTTLIEB— In this city. June 20, 1896. William,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Gottlieb, and
father of Joseph and Mabel Gottlieb, a native of
Denver, Colo., aged 2-* years.
Friends ana acquaintance! are resoecv
fully lnvl'.edto attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:80 o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lon of H. C. Porter Co.. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HEURErx-In the City and County Almsnouse,
June 21. 1896. Edward Heureux, a native of
Canada, Aged 62 years.
HAVES— In this city, June 21, 1896, William
Hayes, beloved brother of Mrs. Margaret Fen-
nell and Daniel Hayes of Chicago, a native of
Baltycahlll, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 32
years.
JENKB— this city, June 22, 1696, at her
residence, 732 McAllister street, :-arah Jen^s, at
native of I os on. Mas., apt' <\ 42 years.
A-'fFrlflnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THURSDAY,
June 25, at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from St. Vincent's
Church, Valiejo, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her sjul.
KELLY —In this city, June 21, 1896. Ellen, be-
loved wife of Lawrence Kelly, mother of Mrs.
Ernest Wad man and Lawrence, Agnes, John
and George Kelly, a native of Kinsale, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 55 years.
«3"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from ncr late
residence, 1437 Valencia street, thence to St
James Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KEENAN— In this city. June 21, 1896, Catherine,
beloved daughter of Elizabeth Keenan, and
sister of Thomas Keennn, a native of san Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 3 months and l'_' days.
£ « ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
undertaking parlors of McGinn Bros ,31 Eddy
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LAMB— In Oakland, June 22, 1896. William Ed-
win Lamb, a native of Wisconsin, aged 53 years
4 months and 11 days.
McGURK— In this city, June 21, 1893. Mary Ann,
dearly beloved and eldest daughter of Mr. and
Mr*. Mi Gurk, sister of John, Charles, Maggie
and James McGurk and Mrs. Barringer anl
.Mrs Dumontier and tne late William and Henry
McGurk, a uatlv? of >an Andreas, Calaverai
County, Cal., aged 38 years 0 months and 15
days.
J9STFriend.i and acquaintances are respeo:-
fnlly invited to a-tend the funeral THIS DAY 1
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. Barrlncer, 1926 Lorkln
street, thence to 5-t. Bridget's Church, Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrates for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. M. Internidu: Holy
cross Cemetery.
MUTTER— In this city. June 21. 1896, August
Mutter, beloved husband of Josephine Mutter
and father of Karl, Louisa, Otto, George, Albert
and Mary Mutter, a naive of Baden. Germany,
aged 48 years. A niemb-r of Amalgamated
Society of Engineer Machinists.
f(S~ Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday) at 8:30 a. ii. from the parlors of
Gantner <fc Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth streets,
where mas* will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— At the Home of the Adult Blind, in
Oakland, June 22, 1896, Joseph Miller, a native
of Canada, aged 56 years.
NEWMAN— in this city. June 21, 1896. William
Newman, a native of Yorkshire, England, aged
55 years 10 months and 11 days.
jiyFrlends and acquaintance* are rftsn"-;'.-
fnily invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of Mrs. L. Bredhoff, 821 Page street,
between Pierce and Scott, interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. . v
NELSON— In this city, June 20, 1896, Hattle,
dearly beloved wife of Albert Nelson, and
mother of Francis Nelson, and sister of Mrs.
Annie Thompson, a native of Ireland, aged 21
years 3 months and 3 days.
j)£9-Friends and acquaintance* ar» resDes:-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. «i.. from her late
residence, 4 Chestnut place, off Chestnnt street,
between Powell aud Stockton, thence to Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In the ritv and County Hospital,
June 22, 1896, Andrew Nelson, aged 33 years.
PERUSINA— In this city, June 22. 1896, Antonio
Perusina, a native of Dalmutia, Aus:ria, aged 55
years and 5 months.
aarNotice of funeral hereafter.
RUSSELL— In this city, June 22, 1896, Patrick,
beloved husband of Norah Russell, and father of
Mary, Patrick aud Norah Itussell, and brother of
Bartholomew Russell, a native of the parish of
Farnevayne, County Cork, Ireland, aged 61
years.
*sT Friends and ficnnalnranßo* ore rwnnnv
fully invited to attend the funeral THURS-
DAY, June 25, 1896, at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from
h slate residence, 44 Gilbert street, thence to
st. i;ose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a.m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MITT— In this city, June 21, 1896. Ausrustin
Schmltt, beloved husband of Babette schmtt,
anl father of Eugene, Martin and Ernestine
Rohm lit, and brotnef of Emlle Sen mitt, Mrs.
Tobias Hock, Mrs. M. Brydlng and Mrs. Henry
Hemmer. a native of Alsace, France, aged 60
years 6 months and 8 days.
JBfJ"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. v- from his late
residence, 1719 Buchanan street, thence to Odd
¥• Hows' Crematorium. Officers and members
of Anchor Lodge No. 2366, K. of H.. and of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 8, A. O. U. W., are In-
vited 10 attend. Please omit flowers.
SCHWARTZ— In this city. June 21, 1896, Val-
entine Schwartz, a native of Wurtembdrg, Ger-
many, aged 56 years.
8T JOHN— In this city, June 22. 1896. Mary
beloved wife of Pierre St. John, mother of Pierre
L.. Raymond V. and Leo C. t. John, a native of
Rhode Island, aged 44 years and 11 months.
f *3"The funeral will take' place TO-MORROW
(Wedncsday).at 8:30 o'clocK a.m.. from her late
residence, 63 Cheuery street, thence to st. Paul's
Church, here a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of vis soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'cork a. M. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH-In this city. June 22, 1896. C. W. Smith,
beloved husband of Mary A. -mlth, and father
of Mrs. D. Juuon, Mrs. Henry Blyth, Charles
W. Jr., George T. and William H. Smith, a na-
: tive of New York.
Notice of funeral hereafter
WELCH— In Dan&vllle. N. V., June 20, 1896, Mr.
Welch, a/ed 79 years
■
T IVSCAVO V & CALL^CHER, .
KUNKRAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoin School. -
Telephone 3080.
— — — -
Jas-McMrxomey. Chas. McMknomey;
JAMES 3Ic>IENOMEY * SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,-
-19 Van Ness aye., near Market at., Ban Francisco
Telephone so. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST
1 Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men,
Ancient Order Forester* and other cemetery asso-
ciations, Sun M a' eo county ; nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian. In no sense exclusive;
PERFECT TITLK GDABANTEED; locution Unax-
ct'iied. . m^MMBJfSttMatH
Please call at ofUee. 997 Market St., before (elect-
ing burial place elsewhere.
1516
MRS, CRAVEN THREATENED FOR CONTEMPT,
Refused to Be Sworn Be
fore Judge Slack Last
Evening.
MUST ANSWER TO-DAY.
Dramatic Bit of Play in the
Drama of the Fair
Will.
M'ENERY CRIES M FORGERY."
" I Will Not Stand It," Said Mrs.
Craven. " You Must." Said
the Lawyer.
In answer to the subpena served upon
them Mrs. Nettie R. I raven, her personal
attorney, Charles E. W illiams, and her
friend and adviser, Stephen Roberts, went
before Judge Slack last evening, and, after
ttie most interesting bit of play that has
yet trussed the stage in the great drama
ot the Fair will, retired again back into
the night.
Interesting as it was, it was still only
the usual piay before the court, resulting
in the everlasting postponement.
Mrs. Craven and the others were re
quired by the subpena to produce all the
documents that she may have irom the
hand of and affecting the estate of James
Ci. Fair. She did not do it.
Incidentally, in the argument against
her attorney's plea for time, she was
"roasted" without reservation. She was
charged with being a forger and the head
of a manufactory of spurious wills and
deeds.
This was by Garret McEnerney, done in
a manner quite unusual with him — his
inane shaking with the vehemence of his
utterance and his face growing very red.
Mrs. Craven became very much excited
ana, rising from her chair, her white kid
gloved hand raised to attract the attention
of the court, like a democratic delegate
fearful of being overlooked by the cha : .r,
she cried:
"Your Honor, this is too much! This
is unwarranted and outrageous!"
Mr. McEnerney took advantage of the
interruption to take a large drink of water,
then, setting down the glass, he looked
squarely at her as he said :
■Madam, you will have to stand it, and
much more of the same belore you are
tiirough."
Tne court said not a word.
The setting lor this rather strong bit of
action in the play was excellent. The
lamps were lighted, tne courtroom
crowded, very many ladies being present,
most of them the school iriends of Mrs.
Craven There was almost a full roster of
the attorneys in all the ramifications of j
the case who are in the City — Lloyd, Wil
son, Heggerty, McEnerney, Pierson, Sulli
van, Choynski, and all down the too
numerous-to-mention list.
Mrs. Craven held a conspicuous place a
htue away from the table between her
counsel, Choynski and Brittain. Near her
sut Williams and Roberts, wno were sab
venaed with her. She was dressed in
brown, with utce about her throat, a
jacket with big, white buttons and white
kid gloves.
Mr. Brittain, acting for D6lmas,who was
ill and. unabie to be present, made a strong
and indignant protest against Mr. Mc-
Enerney's statement. He declared that he
(McEnerney) would not have dared to say
such things had the senior counsel, Mr.
Delmas, been present.
But toe court refused to rebuke Mc-
Enerney. but promised to do so when it
(the court) deemed that he '(McEnerney)
was transgressing any of the legal pro
prieties.
However, the plea for time, based upon
the illness and absence of Mr. Delcaas, was
effective, despite the protest of the other
side that such a proceeding did not call
for counsel. The matter went over until
Wednesday evening.
Then the counsel for the petitioners, see
ing the game about to slip away for tne
time, readjusted themselves and moved
that the parties subpenaed be sworn. The
purpose of this was to bring them imme
diately under the jurisdiction ot the co urt.
And it was contested. For at least
seventeen hours the determination of it
was postponed.
M,r. u . Craven, when her name was called
to come forward and be sworn, llatiy re
fused. She said it politely enough, but
quite firmly: "Your Honor, acting under
the advice of counsel 1 refuse to be sworn."
She sat down in a tremble. Judge Slack
leaned forward and peered under the
lights at the sides of the bench.
•What is that?" he said, in something
like amazement.
Mra. Craven had it to say all over again.
She arose, took a step forward, and, plac
ing her white kid eJoves upon the back of
Mr. Choynski's chair, repeated as dis
tinctly as before, with a touch of tremolo
in her voice, "Acting under the advice of
counsel, your Honor, 1 refuse to be
sworn," she repeated.
Looking steadily at her and not at the
counsel his Honor said, very slowly :
"Then 1 will have to deem you in con
tempt of court."
"We shall insist that the witness be
eworn, " said Charles Heggerty, doggedly.
Mrs. Craven still refused. The court got
so lar as to fix tue time at twenty-four
hours that she should spend in jail.
F. & Brittain, acting for Mr. Delmas,
asked a suspension of sentence until at
least to-morrow at 2 o'clock — that is, to
day — and sentence was reserved until that
time, at which time was Mrs. Craven
directly orderod by the court to appear.
Dr. Marc Levingiton had not been served
with a subpena, was not present and did
not figure in any way.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
The Celebrated Casa In Its Details
In Court.
Herbert Choynski, representing Marc
Livingston, opened the proceedings by
NEW TO-DAY.
Itching^
skin
diseases
RELIEVED BY
ONE APPLICATION OF
Bpbedy Curb Treatment.— Warm baths
with Ccticcba Soap, gentle applications of
OcrricrßA 'ointment), and mild dose* of Cuti-
cuba Resolvent, greatest of humor cures.
Bold thronjrhont the world. Price, Ccticcba, SOe.
FOAI-. 25c Km»OLTw<T. 40c. and »1- Pott** Deco
a*d CH»w. Coitr.. Sole Prop*.. Bo»ton.
' or "■ How to Care Itciilnc Skin fliionw,* mailed ft**.
stating that J. D. Sullivan. Levingston's
attorney in the Fair will matter, and D. M.
Delmas, the attorney for Mrs. Craven, were
too ill to appear in court, and that Samuel
M. Shortridge was out of town. He then
asked that the matter be continued. This
opened the battle.
Charles J. Heggerty, vigilant as a gen
eral momentarily expecting a surprise,
was on his feet in an instant. He claimed
that the proceedings were in the nature of
taking depositions, and that Delmas and
Shortridge were not attorneys of record,
bin simply of counsel. Then continuing
he aigued as follows:
"This is a very important matter. In
struments have been filed under s.uspicious
circumstances, affecting very large inter
ests of the Fair estate, and we desire to
have the persons who possess the knowl
edge of the facts give their testimony in
the matter. We propose to demonstrate,
before your Honor, that those documents
are forgeries, and we object to any contin
uance. We ask your Honor to direct the
witnesses to take the stand and subject
themselves to the authority of this court."
Choyniski objected to any further pro
ceedings on the ground that five days'
notice should have been given of the pro
posed taking of depositions, whereas the
subpenas were served at 4:30 p. M. Satur
day, he claimed.
The persons whose depositions were to
be taken, he added, had had no oppor
tunity to consult with their counsel, and
be concluded by remarking: "These peo
ple are here, and they have no intention of
going away.''
F. S. Brittain, chief clerk for Delmas &
Shortridge, speaking for his firm, stated
that Mr. Delmas was too ill to appear
and Mr. Shortridge was away. He repre
sented to the court that Mr. Delmas was
the only one sufficiently familiar with the
matter to handle it intelligently and
properly, and declared that the course of
trying to take the depositions under the
method proposed was wholly lauity.
He claimed that Judge Slack was not
sitting as a Judge, but simply as a notary
or commissioner, and that he had no more
jurisdiction than such persons. Mrs.
Craven, he said, was not in court in xe
spor.se to any order of the court, but sim
ply out of deference to it. He also asked
lor a continuance.
Heggerty opposed this motion on the
ground that witnesses were not entitled to
counsel. He suggested that if there were
any objections to the manner in which it
was proposed to take the depositions they
could be made when the depositions were
offered in evidence. He moved that Mrs.
Craven be asked to take the stand and be
sworn.
Brittain pleaded for Mrs. Craven again,
saying: "It haa been charged that cer
tain papers have been placed on record
and that they are forgeries. This is a mat
ter of the contest of Charles L. Fair in
the matter of the Fair estate, and we ask
that we be not compelled to go on with
the witnesses while proper council is not
here. The witnesses are not going away."
Here Heggerty renewed his motion that
Williams, Roberts and Mrs. Craven, all
of whom were present, be sworn. Dr.
Marc Levington, for whom a subpena had
also been issued, not having yet been
served. Williams demurred, stating lie
desired time and to have his attorney
present.
Brittain again objected, basing his stand
on what he termed the informality of the
proceedings and its lack of jurisdiction.
Heggerty came back quick as a dash on ;
.Brittain, declaring the situation was a
most anomalous one. "The court is a^kci
to grant a continuance," he said, "and
at tue same time is declared to have
no jurisdiction. I submit that these
proceedings are farcial. I find a gentle
man of the bar, like Mr. Williams,
saying that he wants time to investigate.
What? The testimony he shall give on
the facts that are within his knowledge?
Is that the proper proceeding? Why
should Mr. Williams and Mr. Roberts be
allowed time to prepare their story ?
"They came here with deeds and filed
them under suspicious circumstances. We
demand, as a matter of justice, to pave
them go on the stand and purge then;
selves"of what they know regarding them.
'"The court has no power to make this
continuance," he said, concluding. "Their
objections can be made when the deposi
tions are offered in evidence. That is the
extent of your Honors power at this
time."
Heggerty stated that Garrett Mclnerny,
who was at his side, was to be associated
with his firm in the Fair case, and he
asked that Mr. Mclnerny be heard in the
matter.
Mclnerny precipitated the first exciting
incident before be had delivered a dozen
sentences. He briefly referred to the re
cordiug of the two deeds on Friday and
then struck home, saying:
"These deeds," he declared, "are re
garded by all who are interested in the
Fair estate, myself included, as forgeries. 1 '
Brittain objects to tnis argument, but
Mclnerny went on:
''It has been charged in the public press
for months that Mrs. Craven had in her
possession forged deeds. These deeds
were filed for record last Friday, contrary
to the practice in this City for the past
thirty years, so as to make it impossible
for any one to see them and test their gen
uineness. We believe that they will be
proved to be forgeries.
"As soon as we learned that the evi
dence regarding them would simply be
the page in the record we began these pro
ceedings in order to place these deed 3in
the custody of the court.
"Mrs. Craven has refused to affirm or
deny she has a marriage contract with
Senator Fair.
"We want to show that she is at the
head of a manufacturing bureau here for
producing Senator Fair"s writings," he de
clared.
Like a flash Mrs. Craven was on her
feet. Rising to her full height in her in
dignation and scorn she faced the attor
ney and, pointing her finger at him,
shouted:
"I wont have it! I wont stand it!"
While he was being quieted by Brittain
and Choynski McEnerney calmly helped
himself to a glass of water, and remarked,
sottovoce: "You'll have to stand it." He
concluded by saying: "I state these facts
now to show that we should take the tes
timony of this lady with the greatest dis
patch."
Brittain attempted to take McEnerney to
task, but had only uttered the words:
"This unwarranted and unjustifiable at
tack," when Judge Slack interrupted him.
saying he had heard enough.
Judge Slack then said : "The question is,
Should the court proceed without the
presence of these attorneys? I am dis
posed to be reasonable, but shall not ex
tend the matter any longer than to
Wednesday to give counsel time to pre
pare. But before doing so I will ask that
the witnesses be sworn."
This was the crucial point. To take the
oath waj to admit the jurisdiction of the
court and to clear the road for the exami
nation of Mrs. Craven and all her wit
nesses in reference to the two deeds and
all other documents of the late Senator
Fair s writings in the possession of any or
ail of them.
Hardly were the words out of Judge
Slack's mouth when Heggerty was to the
front. "Mrs. Craven, will you please take
the stand ?" he asked.
But that lady's attorneys were not
ready to give up the battle.
"\Ve submit, your Honor," said Brit
tain, "has no power to order the witness
to be sworn."
Choynski also entered an objection on
the ground that the affidavit, which was
the oasis of the order of the court, did not
contain sufficient evidence.
At this juncture Mrs. Craven created a
mild sensation. Rising and addressing
the court she said, "I will not be sworn,
under advice of my counsel," she re
marked, as if she were declining a favor at
the hands of the court.
Attorney Williams was called to the
stand, and after some ineffectual objec
tions was duiy sworn. He was then in
structed to appear at 7:30 p. m. on Wednes
day with all the papers in his possession
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1896.
! that were defined in the order of the j
court. He promised to be on hand and to i
comply with the court's order.
Roberts also passed the ordeal without
further objection.
Again Mrs. Craven was requested to
take the stand, and agaiu, this time
quietly but lirmly. yet with a flush on her
lace, she arose and said: "I decline to be
sworn under advice of counsel."
Brittain challenged the right of the
| Judge to commit for contempt, claiming
j he was sitting as a notary, or commis
] sioner, and not as a Judge. He added
that if it became necessary they would
show that Mrs. Craven had not been
| served with the order of the court and
j came only in deference to his Honor.
Mclnerny asserted that a witness had no
■ right to question the jurisdiction of a
grand jury nor of any court.
Jtulge Slack addressed himself to the
contumacious witness: "Do you still de
cluie to be sworn?' he asked.
"If your Honor please, under advice of
council, I must decline," Mrs. Craven an
swered.
There was apparently no feeling on the
! part of either the Judge or the witness.
! The court then instructed the clerk to
I enter an order adjudging Mrs. Craven
i guilty of contempt and sentencing her to
twenty-four hours in jail.
The sentence of imprisonment reao,
> "Until she submits herself to the court
i and is willing to be sworn."
The suggestion was made by Mclnerny
| that the matter go over until to-morrow,
| so as to give Mrs. Craven a chance to
I apt>ear with the papers.
Brittain said the advice had been given
his client after due deliberation, and not
on the spur of the moment, and asked that
a stay of ttie sentence be granted and an
order first made that the witness show
cause why she should not be punished for
contempt.
Mclnerny objected to any stay on these
grounds, but agreed to allow a stay until 2
o'clock this afternoon to give Mrs. Craven
a chance to change her mind, provided
Mrs. Craven would agree to be in court at
that time.
"She certainly will be here," answered
Mr. Brittain, who turned to his client and
! in hearing and in sight of the whole court
informed his client of the proposed ar
rangement. The order for her to appear
to-day at the hour stated was made and
! the court adjourned.
Actions in ejectment were begun yester
day in behalf of Mrs. Craven for the Pine
street property, southwest corner of Pine
l and Sansome, and the Mission-street prop
erty, corner of Eleventh and Mission.
The rents of both properties are cited as
returning $5000 a month, and a claim ot
! $10,000 and $100,000 for back and accrued
; rents in both cases is asked for.
CRITICIZE LAX METHODS.
Receiver Sheehan and Attorney
Watt Blamed for Neg
ligence.
Five Huudred Dollars a Month and
Perqu sites Collected by
the Attorney.
Judge Seawell resumed the hearing of
the case of the People against the officers j
of the People's Home Savings Bank yes- i
terday. General John F. Sheehan was on ,
j the stand all day.
General Sbeehan was asked if he did not
. know, when he assumed charge of the
[ bank's affairs, that large blocks of stock
; were being transferred to insolvent per
j sons with a view of escaping responsi
bility. He replied that he only knew of
■ sxich actions in a generai way from reading
: casually the reports in the papers of the |
j Bank Commissioners' doings.
An inkling of the slipshod manner in
I which the bank's business was conducted
I was given in Generel Sheehan's testimony
, regarding its relations with James Alva
Watt, the attorney of the institution. It
j seems that $suo per month was thought to
! be about the amount of money that would
1 repay Watt for his services to the bank,
| and, in addition to this, the attorney was
j in the habit of bringing in bills for addi
! tional compensation.
The books of the bank show where, in
S addition to tbe regular $500 per month,
! Watt received, in December, 1894, $!*SO,
j and on another occasion $700, besides
- smaller amounts. General otieehan al
■ lowed all these bills because he had faith in
1 Watt as the bank's attorney, and did not
think he would bring in an unjust bill.
Watt's bill was based on the ground that
the service was for the benefit of the bank.
On one occasion Attorney Durst was
paid $150, although the sum total of his
services appears to have been to appear as
a substitute for Mr. Watt.
An item of $55 was allowed to Mr. Watt
I for typewriting done by Mr. Hardee, his
' stenographer, and was paid by the bans.
j The trust company peopie contend that
I Mr. Watt should have paid his own type
! writing bills out of the $.500 per month he
, received.
The litigation between the People's
i Bank and the Kansas Real Estate and
| Improvement Company was also gone
| into. The bank won this case and was
given judgment for the face of its claim,
interest and counsel fees. All this was
paid, including $500 counsel fees. It de
veloped, however, that but $250 of this was
! paid Mr. Watt by the bank, the other $250
being received by him from the Kansas j
company. I', is claimed that Watt should |
| have turned this $250 in to the bank, but
j that through the negligence of the offi
i cials he was allowed to retain it.
Genei^l Sheehan was still on the stand
i when court adjourned for the day.
SHOPLIFTER ARRESTED.
Maggie Mitchell Detected Stealing
Goods in the Emporium.
Maggie Mitchell, an alleged profes
sional shoplifter, presumably bailing from
the East, was arrested last evening by
Special Officers Green and Allen while she
was plying her trade in the Emporium.
: The woman was seen to approach the rib
bon counter, and after glancing around
the building concluded herself undiscov
ered and slipped a couple of bolts of rib
bon in her pocket.
Some of the salesgirls detected the
woman and s-nt for the special police.
who placed hex under arrest. She denied
having stolen the goods at tirst, and wuen
; the oflicers endeavored to search her she
I sobbed as though her heart would break.
! Her protestations were in vain, however,
■ and under her skirt was found a sack
I fairly bulging with stolen goods.
The first parcel to come out of the bag
contained ten yards of dress goods. This
was followed by a spool of cotton thread,
a bolt of braid, a child's shirt, five pairs of
children's stockings, five brass curtain
j rings and three yards of curtain lace.
This satisfied the officers that they had
I made an imponant arrest, and the woman
; was taken to the Southern police station
I ami charged with petty larceny.
The police searched high and low for
' Maggie Mitchell's room last evening, but
j were unable to locate it. When they do
find the room they are confident that they
will lind a quantity of goods stored away
and will be able to raise the charge against
the shoplifter.
 _ — * — • ■■
Iriiii.-ml ii u -i • \- il< nuiil .
The Chief of Police had to be called yester
day^to keep the vastcrowd of eager buyers at the
bi<r sale of James M. Moran & Co.'s dry-goods
stock, at 1009-IOI.j Market street, now being
slaughtered for the benefit of the creditors,
and no wonder that there should have been
such a jam, as the prices they are selling the
stock for is 45c on the dollar. If the great rush
, continues it will not take long to clear out the
j $85,000 stock. •
. . — • — • — • ■ . . |
Uenebery's Kstate.
Rev. John E. Cottle has applied for letters of
administration on the estate of Andrew Hene
bery, who died June 16, leaving »ju estate I
valued at over $10,000. j
WILL MARRY A
FORMER PUPIL,
A Pretty Romance of the
Public School De
partment.
CAUGHT HER TEACHER.
The Patience of Vice-Principal
Kingsbury Rewarded
at Last.
WAITED TWO LONG YEARS.
A Wedding to Take Place To-Night
at the CeDtral Methcdist Epis
copal Church.
A wedding that will take place this
evening at the Central Methodist Episco
pal Church on Mission street, near Sixth,
will bring to a happy termination the
prettiest romance that ever interested the
School Department of San Francisco.
The contracting parties are "Wiilurd deL.
Kingsbury, vice-principal of the John
Swett Grammar School, and Miss Clara
Jeanette Stanbridge, a former pupil of the
teacher.
Two years ago Mr. Kingsbury, who is
considered a remarkably bright tutor, was
vice-principal of the Franklin Grammar
School, on Eighth street, between Harri
son and Bryant, and as is custom
ary with vice-principals, taugnt the ninth
or highest grade of his school.
Among the young iadies under his
charge was Miss Stanbridge, a pretty girl
of sixteen summers, who showed an apti
tude for her studies beyond her years, and
won the approbation of her teacher.
It was not long before a feeling stronger
than friendship and the admiration in
spired by a bright mind stirred in the
schoolmaster's breast, and though he
sought to stifle it and treat her simply as
her tutor and as he treated the other girls,
it would not down, but mastered him.
Try aa he would to conceal his teelings
the sharp-eyed damsels of his class saw
his si ate of mind, and it soon became a
matter of remark among them that Mr.
Kingsbury seemed to be very fond of
Clara Stanbridge. Ere long Mr. Kings
bury's affection for his fair pupil became
bo strong that he no longer tried to fight
against it, but allowed Cupid to lead him to
the home of his charmer, who lived with
her parents in a cozy residence at 31 Gar
den street.
To Miss Stanbridge's fatner, who ia con
nected with the Pacific Woodenware and
Cooperage Company, the smitten teacher
confided his affection for the daughter and
asked for her hand. Her parents, how
ever, deemed her too young to undertaice
the responsibilities of marriage and ask ed
him to wait a couple of yearn until she
had reached her eigh'eenth birthday.
Though impatient at delay Mr. Kings
bury consented to the long wait, consoled
with the thought that he could see and
talk with his charmer each day. Soon his
hopes were shattered, for he was trans
ferred to a similar position in the John
Swett Grammar School on McAllister
street, between Franklin ar.d Gough, that
he had held in the Franklin School.
The change involved a partial separa
tion, but there was no way out of it, and
Mr. Kingsbury went to live out nis two
years of exile from his fiancee's presence.
The period expired recently, and for
some weeks preparations for the wadding
have quietly been going on.
The bride will be attended during the
ceremony by a number of her former
schoolmates and pupils of Mr. Kingsbury,
and after the honeymoon journey the
couple will locate in a handsome residence
which Mr. Kingsbury has furnished for
his bride.
Vice-Principal Kingsbury is the teacher
who trained no little notice in the School
Department some years a^o by his inven
tion of a new system of teaching history,
geography and other studies.
He converted whole books into verse
and had his pupils commit them to mem
ory, believing that the minds of the young
people under his charge world retain
names and dates much better by that
method than by those generally in vogue.
Mr. Kingsbury is still a youns; man, being
about 30 years of age, and has been con
nected with the San Francisco School De
partment for some time.
A SCHOOL'S SAD CLIMAX,
Miss Lake's Celebrated Institu
tion Forced to Close Its
Doors.
Financial Depression of the Last Three
Years Said to Be the
Reason.
Miss Lake's school is doomed to obliv
ion. A sale will begin at the beautiful
structure on the corner of Sutter and Octa
via streets this morning.
The gymnasium fittings, the furniture,
paintings and bric-a-brac, and even the
ten pianos provided for the use of the
pupils are to be sacrificed to meet the
financial obligations incurred by the insti
tution.
For years Miss .Lake struggled for recog
nition in a small and inconvenient build
ing on Post street, with the result that her
labors placed the school on a plane which
made it the acme of every San Francisco's
girl's ambition to be graduated therefrom.
When the handsomely furnished build
ing on the corner of Sutter and Octavia
was erected, all believed that the school
had seen only the dawn of its prosperity.
This year twenty young ladies graduated
from ihe school and were accredited with
the university in ail branches.
The climax has now been reached. It is
a sad one. The dismantling of the build
ing which has been the abiding-place of
erudition will bring pain to many girls
and women who have spent happy hours
there. HF '
"The truth is," said Miss Lake yester
day, "l undertook too much. It was a
aeyere task to Kerp a preparatory anM
finishing school up to such a standard and
on snch a scale aa I wished. As I could
not lower the standard, all is over.
"For the past two years I have sup
ported the school I loved out of my own
private resources. They are now ex
hausted. I attribute the disaster to the
financial depiession of the last three years
and tbe gloomy outlook for the coming
year."
Miss Lake declares that she wishes no
vacation, nor has she any plans for the
future. All she knows, she says, is tnat
she must find some way in which to dis
pose of her energy as soon as possible.
COURT-MARTIALED.
Captain Warren of Thig City Charged
With Stuffing.
Captain Frank W. Warren of Company
H, First Regiment, National Guard of Cai
ifornia, was tried last night by a court
martial at the California Hotel.
The charge was that on the evening of
April 3, 1896, on the occasion of the an
nual muster of the company in this City,
Captain Warren was cognizant of the fact
that a man named Ratchford was in the
ranks and announced present for a man
named Corwin who was absent.
About fifteen witnesses were examined,
after which the court went into secret ses
sion to deliberate upon its verdict. Stiortiy
before midnight their deliberations were
concluded, but whatever their tindine may
be it will not be known until the testimony
shall have been printed in full and sub
scribed to by all the witnesses. Then the
president of the court will affix the verdict
and the decision will be published.
From what conld be gained by conversa
tion with individuals interested in the
progress of the trial there is not a very
strong probability that the accused will b*e
severely dealt with.
The court consisted of Major Juillard of
Santa Rosa, who presided, Major Hayes
of OaKland, Major Murphy of San Fran
cisco, Captain Elliott of Wan Rafael, Cap
tain Poulter of Oakland, Captain Part
ridge, the District Attorney of San Jose,
and Captain Boardman Jr. of San Fran
cisco.
Major D. S. Dorn of San Francisco acted
as judge advocate.
BURIAL OF REV. G, VINAY
The Missionary Who Was Dis
missed a Week Ago Is
Now Regretted.
Rev. Mr. Jenks Fr r ys That "Sins of
Omission" May Be Pardoned.
The Bereaved Family.
"He bore two years of grief and suffer
ing, passing calmly through the storm. He
gave what he could for God — his all; and
now he has fallen by the roadside. I knew
him well. We !.ad to face the same diffi
culties and sufferings and sustained one
another's courage."
It was thus Rev. E. Dupuy of the French
Reformed Church spoke at the funeral ser
vices of Rev. G. Vinay, which took place
The Late Kcv. Mr. Vinai.
yesterday afternoon in Bersaglleri Hail.
The San Francisco Presbytery was present
in a body, to bury the missionary, whom
exactly a week before it had dismissed
from its service. All the ministers who
made addresses alluded feelingly to the
courage and hich principles of the man
who lay in the casket before th em-
Two years ago the San Francisco Pres
bytery brought Rev. Mr. Vinay here from
an assured position in South Carolina to
undertake the Italian mission at North
Beach. When he arrived he found, to his
surprise, that there was no money in the
treasury, and the salary of $U>oo per
annum which he had been offered ha 3
since been paid with such irregularity that
he and his family have had to live for
mont.is at a time on credit.
On the 15th inst. the presbytery held a
meeting, at which it was resolved that
after July 1 the Italian work should be
discontinued, on account of lack of funds.
After the publication of the pastor's
condition in The Call he was visited by
different members of the presbytery and
everything was done to alleviate his con
dition, but it was too late. His sickness
changed to severe erysipelas and ho died
on Saturday ni^ht.
His sudden end has been a severe blow
to the presbytery. Rev. J. Cummings
Smith said yesterday: "The fundamental
fault lay in the presbytery undertaking
work which it could not afford. From the
first I have been opposed to the Italian
work on tliosf- grounds, but have always
been voted down. The Board of Home
Missions in New York should have con
tributed to Mr. Vimiy's salary, but the
board nas felt the financial stress severely
and has not sent the money regularly."
The funeral services in ISersaglieri Hall
were attended by all the prominent mem
bers of the presbytery in town. Around
the hall sat the late pastor's flock, many
of them unable to follow the services
through lack of knowledge of the English
language. The children from his Sunday
school stood about the door gazing won
derinely at the proceedings, and a choir
of French and Italian ladies, many of
whom were weeping, rendered the funeral
hymns. In the middle of the hall stood
the black casket, on the glass lid of which
some child had placed a little handful of
faded white flowers. There was also a
cross of sweet peas, and some old-fashioned
garden flowers had been heaped at the base
of the coffin.
Rev. P. Farrand, the moderator of the
presbytery, spoke of tbe missionary's
death as "One of those mysterious visita
tions to which we must submit." He
said that all present would be glad to tes
tify to their esteem for the dead brorher.
Rev. J. Jcnks of the First Church ex
pressed Christian resignation in a prayer.
He thanked God for the life and the brave
heroic death of the brother, and prayed,
"Pardon us for our omissions and our
sins of shortcoming."
Rev. J. Cummings Smith paid a high
tribute to the worth of the dpad mission
ary, and spoke of the splendid work he
had accomplished in South Carolina. Rev.
Eugene Dupuy made an address which
moved some people to tears. The services
were concluded at the grave in Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery.
The pall-bearers were: John Russell,
D. B. Lamperti, E. Courvoicier, F. Ca
pucetti, W. Pardini, A. Arogona.
The presbytery will be responsible for
the funeral expenses, and an effort is be
ing made to raise funds to send Mrs. Vinay
and her three children to Sicily immedi
ately.
The Enoch Talbot Libeled.
The State Harbor Commissioners filed a suit
in the United States District Court yesterday
libeling the bark Enoch Talbot. In the com
plaint It is alleged that the proprietors of the
irnft are indebted to the State in the sum of
f239fot dockage. The plaintiff* also sue for
the costs of the proceedings and for ihe en
forcement of all penalties provided for in such
cases.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
MAGUIRE SCORES
JUDGE CATLIN
Says He Intended to Pun
ish McClatchy for
Libel.
STIFF VEEBAL PUNCHES.
McClatchy Entitled to a Jury
Trial Before an Impar
tial Judge.
PRESS DEFENSE ASSOCIATION.
The Congressman Believes That It
Should and Will Be Revived
at an Early Date,
The decision of Judge Catlin in the case
of Editor McClatchy of the Sacramento
Bee, charged with contempt of court in
having made severe strictures on certain
proceedings outside the presence of the
court, has aroused to action those citizens
who deem the freedom of the press again
threatened.
There is an almost unanimous opinion
that the old FYee Press Defense Associa
tion, called into action by the historic
Barry contempt case, should again be re
vived. Though not much has been openly
sairl up to date, the undercurrent of opin
ion is strong, and the association may
again, phoetiix-like, rite from its ashes and
do battle against the narrowness and illib
erality of the bench.
Congressman Maguire's name having
been mentioned for the presidency of the
rejuvenated association, he was seen yes
terday and asked to give his opinion on
the contempt case in question.
"My opinion has aiways been," he re
plied, "that the power of the court to pun
ish for contempt should be limited to
cases arising in the courtroom, or in the
immediate presence of the court during
its sessions, thereby interfering with its
procedure.
"I drafted the act which Judge Catlin
declared unconstitutional, and it expresses
exactly what my view of the law should
be.
"The power exercised by Judge Catlin in
the McClatchy case was not excercised for
the purpose of preventing the orderly pro
ceeding of his court from being inter
rupted or being interfered with in any
way. It was exercised for the purpose of
punishing the man whom he behevea had
been guilty of libeling him in his personal
and official character.
"Mr. McClatchy may have been guilty
of libeling Judge Catlin. I express no
opinion on that question. Indeed, I never
read the offending article.
"But Mr. McCiatchy was entitled on that
question to have his- guilt or innocence de
termined by a jury clothed with the
power of determining the law as well as
the fact. And, in my opinion, he was en
titled to have the trial proceed before an
impartial Jiulue— not, at any rats, before
the Judge who charged him with libel.
"1 believe that the Free Press De
fense Association should now be revived.
I think that as long as any court claims
the power to punish a citizen summar
ily for the publication of a libel con
cerning the court or the Judge, all who be
lieve in the preservation of individual
rights, of freedom of speech and of the
press, and who know that 'eternal vigil
ance is the price ol liberty,' should organ
ize, and keep organized, until such
tyranny is made impossible."
"I have talked with others on this sub
ject, and tne general sentiment seems to
be in favor of reorganizing the Free Press
Defense Association."
KING BROUGHT TO TIME
The Supervisor From the First
Receives a Sudden Set
back.
Declared Out of Order and Forced to
Sit Down by Suprvisor
Dimond.
"This City has been robbed out of thou
sands of dollars," said Supervisor King
during the session of the Board of Super
visors yesterday, and this declaration,
coupled with other remarks, was the
means of getting the representative of the
First Ward into considerable hot water.
The board had previously sustained the
Mayor's veto to a number of ordinances
granting contracts to others than the low
est bidders for supplies for the City and
County Hospital. Toward the close of the
meeting Supervisor King offered a resolu
tion rescinding the action of the board
which gives the contract to the Pacific
Marine Supply Company, and made use
of the language quoted, adding that the
supply company offered bids on one thing
and delivered another.
About this time Supervisor Dimond, who
was in the chair, concluded that it was
time to take a hand.
"The gentleman from the First is out of
order," he announced.
"Out of order!" sputtered King; "I am
going to speak to my resolution."
"Sit down," ordered the chairman,
sharply.
King continued to arsrue. but his words
were drowned by thp hammering of the
chairman's gavel. Mr. Dimond announcing
that the business of the meeting would
proceed.
"But my motion" began King.
"Has been declared out of order,"
snapped the chairman. "The gentleman
from the First can appeal from the decision
of the chair."
"Haven't votes enough," said King,
glancing hopelessly about the assemblage',
and during the laugh tnat followed he sat
down abrubtly, too dazed by being forced
to yield to authority to make a further ar
gument.
To Quiet Title.
Nellie M. Connor has begun suit against
Charles McCarthy of the McCarthy Company,
the Stanford Heights Improvement Company
and other corporations and individuals to
quiet title to twenty lots to theLakeview Tract.
Dropped Dead on the Street.
C. W. Smith, 1418 Geary street, dropped
dead yesterday mnrning at the corner of
Laguna and Sutter streets. The deceased was n
coppersmith by trade and was well known
along the water front.
new TO-pAY:
A
Corker,
TEAT NEW EAT OF
OURS,
TEE McKIjYLEY EAT.
A very stylish hat in otter,
with golden brown trim-
mings, in pearl shade with
black bands; of course
black, as well as other
shades.
Same kind of stock the
hatters charge you $2 for.
In our big Eat Department
to-day at
95c.
Some awfully swell Bike
Caps and those pretty Over-
plaids in golf style at
50c.
. To-day is a good day to be
in our Eat Department.
Want our new book for
out-of-town shopping? Send
us your name and ad-
dress; we'll do the rest.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated) ,
The Frisco Boys,
0, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
Leading Grocers
Special FofS WeeK.
HAMS.
Our Choice Eastern £mgar-cured Hams.
lOVscperlb
FRUIT SYRUPS.
Strawberry, Raspberry, Grenadine, Pine-
apple, Sarsaparilla, Vanilla, etc.; extra
heavy in quality Quarts 35«
< • • ; .Regular price 40c.
RYE AND BOURBON WHISKY.
Rich and Mellow (5 years) for Family »ud
' Medicinal Use.... Gallon $2.50
Regular price $3 60.
BIXBY'S ROYAL POLISH.
Flexible Shoe Dressing for Restoring the
Color and Gloss to all Black Leather Goods
........;.... 4 Bottles 25«
Regular price Bottle.
ROLLED OATS.
Eastern Boiled Oats 10 lbs., Sse
OLIVE OIL.
Our Own Importation from Italy; extra
. quality Gallon 51. 75
Regular price $2 25.
QUAVA MARMALADE.
From Havana, packed by B. Garcia. Box 5o
Regular price 10c.
Telephone South 399
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within ioo miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
.J SAN rn*Nci«co. ,
COS. lOti AND WASHHTGTCiT3TS."-» OAKLAND
. 1734-1736 SEVENTH STEEST : f BRANCHES
£75™ 4 ROOMS
%(J & %0 CONSISTING OF "
PARLOR.BEDROOM. KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard 5O Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard • ■ ... .585 Cents
Matting, per yard..... -1© Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror •.....-. 5«5 OO
; T. BRILLIANT, .
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogues Mailed Free.
C 7* Free Picking and Deliver/ across the By.
Invitations. Announcements, Cards, etc., Engraved
and Printed. Correct style, low rates. 20 samples
and directions for correct form, modern weddings,
mailed postpaid for 10 cents in stamps. ■ BRUNT*
Fine, Pbij.ti.ng, 535 Clay St.. Ban Francisco. Call
Wrilkft Man Jeplalile Pills
Are acknowledged- by thousands of persons wn»
have used them for over forty years to cure
HICK HEADACHE, GIDDIXESS, CONSTIPA-
TION', Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, ami
purify the blood.
Crossmaii's SDaciflc Mixtars
■\\ ith this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. > The medicln*
contains nothing that is of the least injury to th«
constitution.. Ask your dxuguiat nor it. i'rlct* ii *
bMttk