VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 178.
CHURCH AID CHARNEL-HOUSE
Many Bones Unearthed at the Scene
of the Fearful Murders in
Salt Lake.
LINKS IN THE CHAIN OF CIRCUMSTANCES TO
SHOW THE PASTOR'S GUILT.
Other Crimes Beside the Slaying of Two Young
Women May Be Traced to the Missing
Rev. Francis Hermans.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 25.— This has
been an exciting and eventful day in the
investigation of the Scandinavian church
tragedies. Tne net results are a chain of
circumstances which, taken with those
previously discovered, fastens the guilt of
murdering Miss Clausen on the Rev.
Francis Hermans beyond a doubt, and
also goes to show that Miss Samuelson fell
a victim to the pastor's satanic actions
and that he may also have had other vic
tims.
The work of excavating the floor of the
basement of tne church began at an early
hour this morning. A vast amount of
earth was removed and quantities of bones
found in various stages of decomposition.
Some were plainly identified as human
bones, others were in such a condition
that it was impossible to tell whether they
were human or the bones of animals, and
others were plainly recognized as being
those of cattle and fowls.
The general appearance of the place was
Euch as to suggest the idea of a cemetery,
and there is no telling how many human
beings have been interred in the basement
of the sacred edifice. At a certain spot
beneath the stairway, where the soil
showed evidence of having been recently
disturbed, the sole and heel of a woman's
Fhoe were found near the surface, and a
little deeper down in the same spot a pair
of bloodstained overalls, which were worn
by the pastor while he was engaced in
laboratory and other work, separate and
apart from his books. The overalls were
bloodstained on almost every part.
Ed Johnson, the young man whose
room was heated to such a high degree of
temperature the day they built the big fire
in the furnace, declares that Hermans had
them on when the latter was met by him
on the basement stairway with a sack
under his arm. He said he also wore a
jumper of like material at the same time.
But all efforts to find this article of cloth
ing were futile.
Then came a niece of confirmatory evi
dence as to what became of it. The fur
nace ashes on being sifted were found to
Miss Clausen, Whose Body Was Cre
mated in the Furnace of the Church.
[From an engraving in the BaU Lake Herald.]
contain tbe requisite number of steel but
tons for such an article of apparel and the
strong point is that they correspond ex
actly with those on the blood-saturated
overalls.
Miss Clausen wore five or six artificial
teeth and a farther examination of the
ashes taken from the furnace resulted in
the finding of two artificial teeth, with
metallic rivets similar to those worn by
the dead girl.
To-day the detectives found in a second
hand store Miss Clausen's trunk, which
the pastor claims to have sent to her by an
unknown expressman some weeks after
her disappearance. The trunk, it trans
pires, contains the wearing apparel of the
missing girl. Among the articles of cloth
ing was the dress in which Miss Clausen
bad the photograph taken, now in the pos
session of tbe police. In addition to this
it now appears that Hermans sola the
trunk and clothing himself and that he
disposed of the girl's guitar at the same
time. The date of this transaction was
December 11 last, just two months and
eleven days after the girl disappeared.
Whether the bones found in excavating
the basement of the church include those
of Mies Samuelson, the other girl who it
would appear fell a victim to the pastor's
lust and bloodthirstiness, cannot yet be
determined. The search in the church
and surroundings is not by any means yet
concluded, and further discoveries can be
expected. It has been established that
Hermans was intimate with the Samuel
son girl, and that he performed a criminal
operation on her. A few days prior to her
disappeaiance, the paster had a large box
made, and some of the officers hold the
theory that some of the bones found in the
church are too old to be those of a person
only dead since January, and that the
preacher packed the remains in the box,
and either shipped it away or else took it
along with him when he left for Kansas
City on May 6.
it has further developed that both girls
had intrusted to Hermans considerable
money for safe-keeping or investment.
Miss Clausen, it is known, gave him $300
very shortly before her disappearance, and
Miss Saniuelson had also piven him sev
eral sums of money while she was living
with him. Hermans drank heavily at
times and kept a stock of wines and
liquors at his study. The officers are keep
ing up the search in and around the
The San Francisco Call.
church, and the place has been visited by
thousands of curiosity-seekors to-day.
Dr. Meacharn, who made an analysis of
the stains upon the various articles found
in the cellar, said that while he was not
prepared to state that the stains were
those caused by human blood, owing to
the fact that during the long period that
had elapsed since the perpetration of the
deed the blood corpuscles had be
come contracted, making it a hard
matter to distinguish it from the
blood of animals, such as horses, dogs,
etc. Nevertheless, he emphatically pro
nounced the stains that he had examined
upon the lower door of the furnace and
upon the barrel found in the cellar to be
undoubtedly -blood stain*. Beyond that
he was not prepared to give further state
meat, except that he would operate with
a final test upon the articles, including the
smears on the paper.
The officers have no tidings of the miss
-1 ing preacher. The Governor of the State
; has been asked to offer a large reward for
\ his capture and it is expected that he will
; do so to-day.
KNOWN IN MINNEAPOLIS.
Wives of Rev. Mr. Hermans Died
Rather strangely.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., May 25.— Rev.
i Francis Hermans, who is wanted in Salt
1 Lake City on suspicion of having caused
the death of Henrietta Clausen and Annie
i Samuelson. is not unknown in Minne
: apolis. He came here in 1891 through the
instrumentality of Elder Jacobson and
. took charge of the church over which be
i presided for six months, after which he
' removed to West Superior.
Meanwhile Hermans had married a Miss
Bertha Wangen of Minneapolis. Shortly
■afterward Mrs. Hermans proved of un
sound mind and was sent to an asylum. A
few hours previous to the time set for her
removal she suddenly died. Although the
circumstances were suspicious no action
was taken. A year after this Hermans
wooed and won the hand of one Miss
Lomen of lowa, the ceremony being per
formed in Minneapolis.
During this time he was still a resident
of West Superior, where he resided until
the fall of 1893, a few months after his sec
ond marriage.
From West Superior he removed to Salt
Lake City, Utah, where his second wife
died. During the month of April of the
present year Rev. Mr. Hermans was in
Minneapolis visiting friends and relatives.
He also paid a visit to West Superior
and afterward went to lowa, and from
there to Chicago, where he was met by his
friend. Elder Jacobson ot this city. While
there Hermans received a telegram from
Salt Lake requesting his immediate pres
ence. He departed, and since then noth
ing nas been hearu of him.
Mr. Hermans was making a tour of the
country soliciting and collecting means
for his Salt Lake City church, having been
duly authorized by the Bishops to carry
out this mission. His second marriage
here made his third step in the matri
monial line, if his statement in regard to
Rev. Francis Hermans, the Salt Lake
Pastor Accused of Crimes Rivaling
Those of Durrant.
[From an engraving in the Salt Lake Herald.]
being a widower when he arrived in this
city is true.
While here the last time he spoke to an
intimate friend of a love affair he had on
his hands at Salt Lake City, claiming that
a young woman there was very much in
love with him. but he had not then made
up his mind as to whether he would marry
her or not.
He states that before his departure from
Salt Lake City the young lady in question
had sent her trunk to his house with the
information that she herself would follow.
No names were mentioned by Hermans,
and it is not known to whom she referred!
His statements and the fact that his two
wives died under suspicious circumstances
leads to the belief in Minneapolis that the
crimes laid at his door were committed by
him.
SHOOTING UPON A BARGE.
Two Men Fatally Injured During the First
of New York's " Tough " Excur
sions.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 25.— Two men
were fatally shot during a row on the
barges which carried the first "tough" ex
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 26, 1896.
cnrsion of the season down the bay yes
terday. Charles Dakin of this city, who
reached the city last night after escaping
from the barge Caledonia off Elizabeth,
N. J., brought the first news to New York.
Dakin said that Joe Harmon, a pugilist,
quarreled with a man named Solisky when
the excursionist were off Per*.h Amboy
and shot him in the abdomen. As he fell
Solisty seized the revolver and, turning it
upon Harmon, shot him in the abdomen
in return. Both, Dakin said, would aie.
Harmon was rowed ashore by five of his
companions and taken to a hospital in
Elizabethport. Then the five men were
locked up. Both the wounded men are
middle-weight fighters and it is said that
Harmon knocked Solisky out about two
weeks ago.
The excursion continued on its way to
New York with Solisky on board, presum
ably in a dying condition.
The excursion was that of the Diamond
.Pleasure Club and when the barges Cale
donia and Coxsaxie, towed by the tug
Genesta, left the foot of Market street yes
terday afternoon, after having taken
aboard excursionists at the foot of East
Eighteenth street and the foot of East
Sixty-second street, there were nearly 500
men and women on board.
FRESH TURKISH MASSACRES.
Soldiers Rush Through the Streets of
Canea, Killing and Pillaging All
Christians,
ATHENS, Greece, May 35.— The long
expected disaster in Crete seems to have
been suddenly precipitated. Since Sun
day anarchy has reigned in Canea, where
the Turkish soldiers have poured through
the streets shooting, massacring and pil
laging Christians. Among the killed are
THE PEOPLE'S FETE ON THE KHODINSKY COMMON,
MOSCOW— ''LONG LIVE THE CZAR I "
cavasses of the Greek and Russian con
sulates. The consuls have telegraphed to
their respective governments asking that
warships be at once dispatched. The
British 11' et at Malta sailed for Canc-a to
day. Greek ironclads wili probably follow.
The cause of the disturbance in Canea is
unknown. In that city there has not been
the Slightest provocation offered by the
Christians to the Turks.
ELIOT CALLED A CROAKER.
Grand Army Men Sharply Answer the
Criticisms of the College
President.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 25.— A Journal
special from Boston says: President
Eliot's attack on the G. A. R. has excited
widespread interest, and many answers
have been received here in the form of
newspaper correspondence. Some of tbese
are given herewith:
I. H. Walter, commaoder-in-cbief of the
G. A. R., says from Indianapolis: Croak
ers like Eliot may refuse to do justice to
our organization, but the time will come
when not only a grateful people, but every
lover of liberty the whole earth round,
will stand uncovered when they contem
plate the value of its services to the cause
of liberty and justice. Its deeds will live
when the memory of such men will be
buried in oblivion."
Major - General O. O. Howard says:
"Grand Army men, in action and senti
ment, are better exponents of patriotism
than those who pronounce the defense of
the life and honor of the country 'jingo
ism.' It is common now to condemn the
politicians and criticize Congress, but it is
,i new thing to accuse them of being afraid
of cri puled and aged veterans. We wish
only to provide honestly for the old,
maimed and helpless who freely offered
their country their lives in the time of the
country's peril. Doubtless Congressmen
are afraid to withhold from them this
measure of justice."
LIGHTNING STARTS A FIRE.
Tiestruction of a Large Warehouse
Mansfi'ld. Ohio.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, May 26. -The
Aultman Taylor Works were set on fire
thismorning. Lightning struck the large
warehouse at 12 o'clock. At 1 o'clock a. m.
the fire was under control. The ware
house, which contained 400 separators and
a large number of hose powers, the entire
season's supply, is a total loss. The paint
shop and dryhouses "were completely
destroyed. The blacksmith-shop, mold
ing- p hop and carpenter-shop were saved.
Tli«* 10-h Ifl fairly covered by insurance
FORT WORTH, Tex.," May 2. r )._The
Union depot was destroyed by Jire this
evening. Several other buildings adjoin
ing also burned. The express office, hotel
and a cafe were in the depot. The people
had long been agitating a new Union sta
tion. To-day, when the lire department
attempted to save the building, unknown
persons cut the hone and prevented the
department from extinguishing the flames.
Loss, $7. r ),000.
DALLAS, Tex., May 25— Fire to-night
burned out the A. P. Black Wall Paper
and Paint Company; C. Ott, shotguns, bi
cycles »nd general sporting goods; A. J.
Knight, wall paper and paints, and the
American Express office. Loss, $100,000.
ALL READ Y FOR
THE CORONATION,
Gorgeous Regalia Taken
From the Treasury to
the Throneroom.
FORTUNES IN JEWELS.
Magnificence of the Gems to Be
Worn by the Czar and
Czarina.
THE SCEPTER MADE FOR PAUL.
It Will Be Flourished by Nicholas in
the Kremlin Palace
To-Day.
MOSCOW, RrsfiA, May 25.— At 3:14 p. m.
the gorgeous regalia which will be used at
the ceremony to-morrow was transferred
with great pomp from the treasury to the
THE STATE ENTRY INTO MOSCOW- THE CZAR AT THE
HOLY GATE OF THE KREMLIN.
throne room, the Hall of St. Andrew, in
the Kremlin Palace.
The most important of these is a mag
nificent crown,, which was manufactured
by a Geneva jeweler at the command of
the Empress Catherine II immediately
after her accession to the throne. It some
what resembles a miter, surmounted by a
cross of flawless diamonds and the pear
shaped ruby which hus scarcely a superior
in the world. This forms the only touch
of color, the rest of the stones being dia
monds and pearls. The setting is of silver,
and there is a band of purple velvet inside.
Tne value of the crown Is over 1,10(1,000
rubles, but that of the scepter surpasses it.
Made for the coronation of the Emperor
Paul, in 17!>7, it is the most wonderful
thing of its kind in the world. The orb
latei from the reign of the Czar Paul, and
is of solid cold, set with three rows of
brilliants and a huge almond-shaped dia
mond. The diamond cross is supported
by an exquisite sapphire, worth a fortune.
The Czar will also don the collar, star
and jewels of the Order of St. Andrew,
valued at over 100,000 rubles. This order
is never worn save on a day of coronation
and is adorned with five pink diamonds
and two aquamarines, one blue and the
other green, set in diamonds. The jewels
which the Czarina will wear are little in
ferior in value. The state coronet con
tains stones of unequaled beauty. The
necklet worn with it consists of huge
single stones which hang in pendants.
The coronation robe is the most costly
ever beheld and the massses of precious
stones which her imperial majesty will
wear in addition will be of incredible
value.
They include the smaller insignia of the
St. Andrew order set with gems represent
ing a fortune. These magnificent symbols
of authority will remain in the throneroom
during the night guarded by a detachment
of grenadiers of the palace and several
gentlemen of the court.
This afternoon the Emperor and Em
press left the Palace of Alexandrina and
took up their quarters in the Kremlin.
Their chief devotions were paid to-day in
the Cathedral of the Redeemer, a small
chapel upon the gold court, surmounted
by twelve small gilded cupolas.
This private chapel of the palace con
tains a miracle-working image of the
Savior, and here before the golden image
the imperial couple perform their acts of
preparation for the morrow's sacred
ceremony.
All day long preparations have gone
forward for to-morrow, and many of the
tribunes which were erected for the
triumphal entry have been removed, so
that more space can be given for the mass
ing of soldiers and grouping of invited
guests.
The decorations in the city have been
looked to and remodeled where necessary.
Preparations for illuminations have also
been mad*. Special masses have been
said at all the churches in Moscow to-day,
with prayers for blessings on the Emperor
and Empress upon their coronation.
The weather thoughout the aay was
clear and bright, A rehearsal of the grand
gala performance, which will be given at
the Grand Tiu-ater or opera-house of Mos
cow, was belu to-night.
PLOTS IN THE TRANSVAAL
Boers Claim to Have Stroog
Evidence of the Designs of
the British.
Fiimsy Excnses of the English for
Massing Bodies of Troops in
South Africa.
JOHANNESBURG. South Afuica, May
25. — The people oi Natal have requested
the Government to see thai the militia
and the regular troops are kept in readi
ness to take the field against the Boers of
the Oranae Free State. Transvaal Repub
lic and the large numbers of Dutch in
Natal and Cape Colony who are in sym
pathy with the Boers of the Tran*. r aal
and are ready to join them against Groat
Britain, should this latter natiou invade
the South African Republic. The impres
sion prevails throughout Natal and Cape
Colony that Great Britain, in sending
fresh troops toSxnith Africa, purposes con
quering the Orange Free State and the
the South African Republic.
At Pretoria, the capital of the South
African Republic, it is positively stated the
Boer Government haa reliable evidence
that the present Matabele war in Rhode
sia has been brought abo tit on purpose to
enable Great Britain to forward troops to
Buluwayo, and when all is ripe to attack
the young republic from four sides at
once. This has caused the Boer Govern
ment to warn its citizens to keep them
selves in readiness 10 take the field at a
moment's notice.
Until Cecil J. Rhodes is removed from
South Africa the Boers maintain there can
not be lasting peace. On the northern
and western boundaries of the South Afri
can Republic the Boers are watching every
move of the British troops. It is no secret
in Johannesburg that the Boers have their
spies in Cecil Rhodes' camp and also
among the Matabelex.
Every Transvaal Government depot is
well stocked wiih arms and ammunition,
and as no commissariat is required they
are well prepared for any emergency.
The Orange Free State De Burger pub
FURY OF THE FUNNEL-SHAPED
CLOUDS TRAVELING SIDE BY SIDE,
lishes a long interview with one of the fa
mous chiefs of the bloodthirsty and most
cruel Ba«utos. The chief said in one por
tion of his interview: "The Free State is
between two fires. You don't understand?
Then I will make it plain. The Free
State has pledged itself to help the Trans
vaal in case of war. If the Transvaal
goes to war with England the Free State
goes also. Then we shall say to England :
'The Free State has declared war against
you and we as true subjects will help you.'
What is more, had the whole of South
Africa been plunged into war soon after
the Jameson invasion we Basutos would
have attacked you (the Free State). I as
sure you the Swazis, Bechuanas, Zulus
and the Transvaal natives would have
joined against you."
The Natal militia are in camp, ready to
move should it be necessary. They have
been supplied with new Maxim guns and
more horses. Night and day the militia
are being drilled. The force has been in
creased to 800 men.
Never has there been so much feeling of
unrest in South Africa as at present.
The ferocious Matabele in Rhodesia have
krlled scores of white men, women and
children; in Bechuanaland the natives
are in a dangerous state of unrest; the
recently conquered Pondos are causing
the British authorities great anxiety,
being excited by the successes of the
Matabele; the unconquered Basutos are
leaving their work and returning to their
kraals and talking warlike, while the
murdering Swazis are being closely
watched by the Boers. The antagonism
between Boer and British people is more
pronounced than ever. The tiniest spark
would set both at each other's throat.
In the Yolksraad at Pretoria the cry is
"Fight them," if the British want war.
Land en Voile, the official journal at Pre
toria, editorially says: "The persecution
of our people by England is growing like
burning coal m the heart of every Afri
cander, and it only requires this step — the
sending of an expedition— to fan a flame,
which can only be extinguished by blood.
England will not have to reckon with a
small, though brave people, only, isolated
in a corner o: South Africa; she will have
to reckon with an army of 150,000 men,
who have grown up with rides in their
hands and do not enter frivolously upon a
struggle of this nature. We defend the
soil which has been rendered sacred to us
by the blood of our parents, and we right
an insatiable enemy, who would take from
us by violence our land, our liberty and I
our existence as a nation. It will be a
declaration of war between two nations.
There will be no more peace until the in
fluence of one of these nations shall have
been obliterated in South Africa forever."
A secret alliance still exists between the
South African Republic and Germany, no
matter what the British Government may
scy to the contrary.
The great number of people out of work
in Johannesburg' has driven hundreds of
them to robbery and burglary. The Glen
cairn gold mine was robbed by four masked
men of $25,000 worth of gold, the month's
earnings.
Ed Giles of Colorado, U. S. A., was
killed by a dynamite explosion at the
Salisbury gold mine the other day.
The Johannesburg militia (Boers and
Uitlanders) has been increased to 600 foot ,
and 250 horse. Forty tons of rifles and J
! ammunition have b?en received at Pre
toria. Two carloads of Maxim guns have i
also been received. Oue carload was sent
to Johannesburg.
Twenty thousand Johannesburgers have
signed a petition and forwarded it to Pre
toria asking for the release of the revolu
tionary prisoners, John Hays Hammond
and his associates.
Rinderpest has broken out iv several
portions of South Africa and cattle and
horses are dying like Hies before an icy
wind.
When the Matabele attacked Buluwayo
two companies of 400 each were formed in
Johannesburg and offered their services to
fight the natives. The oeople of Buluwayo
telegraphed back: "Do not want Jo
hannesburg. We remember Jameson."
At the head of the Matabele is Mlinio, or
the "god." He has proclaimed himself j
kine. The old men refuse to take part in
tne fight and leave it to the young men.
At Inyati Captain Pettendrigh, with fifty
men, attacked 300 natives. For eight hours
the fight lasted, and only one man out of
Pettendrigh's command escaped. At
Buluwayo there are fully 500 unarmed
men and 400 women and children in
laager. The Matabele have looted and de
stroyed all houses and stores in the coun
try around Buluwayo, and hundreds of
people are rendered homeless and penni
less.
Nearly 200,000 bushels of mealies (corn)
were imported into Natal from the United
States last month, tbe locust plague hav
ing destroyed the mealie crop. Prices for
mealies are very stiff.
Twenty-three companies have seceded
from the old Chamber of Mines and will
form a new chamber. These companies
won't have anything to do with the com
panies controlled by John Hays Ham
mond's wealthy syndicates since the at
tempted revolution. The seceding com
panies announce a separate output of gold
for tbe month.
AN ALLIANCE NECESSARY.
Premier I>l Rudini Tell* of the Advan-
tage* of the Itriebund.
ROME, Italy, May 25.— 1n reply to an
interpellation in regard to the Dreibund,
in the Chamber of Deputies to-day, the
Marquis Di Rudini, Prime Minister, said
tha,t the Dreibund was a necessity to Italy,
and declared that if such an alliance did
not exist it would be necessary to create
one. It imposed no military obligations,
he said, and it had the unique aim of pre
serving the peace of Europe. Besides, he
said, it was popular. Italy, the Premier
added, ought not to hinder the good rela
tions between France and Russia. The
friendship of England confirmed the senti
ments and interest of Italy, and completed
the Italian system of alliances.
Itue to Ilusaiati Interference.
PARIS, France, May 25. — It is learned
that the release of Italian prisoners by
King; Menelek was brought about through
the good offices of Russia, which were ac
cepted by Italy as soon as offered. It is
also said that the abandonment of the
Anglo-Italian adventure in the Soudan was
also due to the interference of Russia.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Lives Taken and Property
Destroyed by lowa's
Cyclone.
TWO DIVISIONS
MEET AND JOIN.
Then the Velocity of the Twister
Increases to Over a Mile
a Minute.
DESOLATION MARKS
ITS TERRIBLE COURSE.
Towns Reduced to Ruins and Large
Buildings Taken Up and Shaken
to Splinters.
DES MOINES, la., May 25. -A terrific
cyclone 3wept across Polk County and
into the eastern edge of Jasper County be
tween 10:30 and 11 o'clock Sunday night,
leaving ueath and destruction in its trail.
There are about twenty known to be dead,
and at least as many others injured, a
number of whom will ajmost certainly die.
The storm was in many ways a remark*
able one. It appears to have started in
two sections. One came from the north
and was a fierce wind. Its first trace is
found about a mile south of AnKeny and
twelve miles north of Dcs Moines. It
seemed to be moving about due east when
it began its serious force. The first place
at wnich it did serious injury was at the
home of J. L. Woods, a mile south of
Aukeny. The other branch of the storm
contributed the rain. It started three
miles north of the first.
The two divisions met two miles east of
Ankeny and there they developed, first
the cyclone furrn with funnel and tremen
dous force and roaring and electrical dis
turbances. From this point west for near
ly twenty miles the path of the storm is a
path of desolation. At Pol City and An
keny considerable damage was done. At
Bondurant much rramage was done, but
the serious loss of life occurred by Bondu
rant to the northeast.
Tbe storm, after the cyclonic conditions
were developed, swept across the country
at terrific speed. It gave warning of its
approach to all in its path until it i?ot hear
to Valeria, Jasper County, where the most
harm was done. Here it came with such
awful force that people who saw it say
that the great black funnel, hanging down
from a blacker heaven, tore across the
prairie at a greater speed than the fastest
train. It is believed it moved at this time
about a mile a minute, the great funnel of
wind and rain and lightning aeething and
roaring and scattering debris in its path.
Nothing was left in its path. For seve
ral miles it passed through a dense forest.
Oak and elm trees two feet in diameter
were torn up by their roots or twisted off.
Where a human habitation lay in its path
the destruction -was instant.
As it approached tne eastern part of its
course it strengthened and wiped the
country clean in its path. At Valeria, a
town of 600 people, it wiped almost half of
the town out. The people were nearly all
in caves, but many of them did not even
have a warning until it was too late. Tlie
loss of life was remarkably small, consid
ering the number of buildings thai were
wrecked, and the wonderful escapes are
without number.
The path covered by the cyclone proper
is in most places from forty to eighty
rods wide. It perpetrated all the remark
able freaks for which cyclones are famous.
The iirst large building wrecked was the
Monarch schoolhouse, west of Bondurant.
Here it took up a large school, shook it
to pieces, scattered it so that very few of
the boards are to be found, and even dis
tributed the stone foundation over the
fields, while a big wooden stile over the
fence three rods from the building was
left unharmed. The huge cylindrical cast
iron stove was toseed into an oat field a
quarter of a mile away. The storm came
in some places in the form of two and m
others in the form of a single funnel. At
Bondurant there were two sweeping
along the eartn, side by side. Between
them was a calm space and in this little
damage was done. After the two consoli
dated their force seemed to be greater.
The storm struck from 10:30 to 10:40 p. M.
all along its course.
It had been a fearfully hot and sultry
day. The air had been oppressive and
still, and many people had remarked that
there was danger of a cyclone. Most of
the people were in bed. There was a rain
and thunder storm just in advance of the
cyclone, and while the wind was whistling
through the trees and the rain beating
down in sheets, suddenly an awful roar.
NEW TO-DAr.
Eczema baby
CZGIH3 BABY
Grew Worse under Treatment of Best
Physicians. Tried
CUTICURA REMEDIES
Great Change in Five Days and To-day it
Entirely Cured.
My baby had Eczema in its worst form.
One Qf the best physicians in the city attended
her, but she continued to get worse all the
time. He finally admitted ho was at his wits'
end. I then got Cdticura Remedies, and in
a few day* noticed a great change in her con-
dition. She continued to improve and to-day
. i» entirely cured, has nice head of hair, and is
lively and hearty. I spent considerable money
• for drugs and doctor's bills, which was useless.
J. B. JACOBS, 2031 Wilkins Aye., Bait., Md.
Spixot Ccke Treatment. — Warm haths with Cdti-
cit.v Soap, ■.•intlc applications of C'uticuka (ointment),
the great kin cure, »ml mild dotes of Cuxiccba Kisoir-
vert, greatest of humor cures. , .
Sold throughout the world. Price. Ccrricr/BA Ma i
Soap, ; It soi-vr si, fOe. and (L Poms as a
Cbem. Corp., Sole Props.. Boston- : •
07* " How to Cure Every Skin Humor," mailed free.2
that every praiaie farmer knows as the
dread forerunner of the cyclone, would be
heard. Another instant and the storm
would have struck, and then all was chaos.
Those who heard it early saved themselves
in some cases by getting into their cellars
or caves. In other plnces whole families
were killed or seriously wounded and their
property destroyed.
A typical bit of destruction was at the
Bailey home, northwest of \Bondurant.
There were in the house nine w*ople, four
of them were killed and the r«\t injured
so badly that it is doubtful if any of them
will recover. The house was on a bill,
high above the surrounding country, and
the funnel dipped down into it.
House, barns, outbuildings and groves
weie destroyed alike. Two minutes after
the storm struck there was no trace of the
house save the cellar, and in it were piled
the chimney and stove and half the furni
ture. The house was torn to pieces; the
boards into splinters. They were scattered
co far that no trace of them can be found
save here and there for a mile pieces of
broken lumber. This was a freak of the
storm.
At some places It would twist trees or
uproot them. At the Bailey place the
members of ttie family were blown a con
siderable distance. The bodies of the vic
tims were found in tne fields, where were
also distributed the bodies of a dozen
horses, two score of cattle and about 100
hogs that had occupied the barns and
other buildings — every animal dead.
This was the experience of the fated
home of Peter Bolenbaugh a mile further
west. What happened will never be
known. No one lives to tell of it. Mr. ami
Mrs. Bolenbaagb occupied the home with
a little boy. The house was razed so com
pletely that no sign of it can now be seen;
the three inmates were killed. Mr. Bolen
baugh had both arms broken, his head
crushed in, one leg and several ribs in
jured and his neck and jaw broken. The
boy and women were as badly hurt. They
were not found till 2 o'clock in the morn
ing. Houses unroofed and barns destroyed,
groves ruined and people killed were mere
incidents along the path of the funnel.
At Valeria where the worst damage was
done the storm struck first the house of
Charles Phelan, a wealthy farmer, on the
edge of town. Theie were five in the
house killed, two or three others with
probably fatal injuries. One of the
daughters heard the roar and got up to
rouse the others. She stepped into an upper
room. Before she could call to them the
storm was around the house.
She was pulled out of her room through
an open window and carried back in the
face of the storm about 100 feet, where she
was left on the ground unhurt. She
started to the house, to see it crumble to
splinters before her eyes. With it went
the barns and sheds around, and in an
other instant there was the most awful
scene of destruction that the storm left in
its wake. Fve in the family were killed ;
their bodies were found in the plowed
fields, where they were in fearfully muti
lated conditions and plastered with mud.
Around them were the bodies of horses
and hogs and cattle.
At Valeria the depot of the Chicago
Great Western road was wrecked. The
wires were torn down from that place to
Bondurant, and just east of Valeria th.
storm did the most remarkable piece of
work. Just near the town the railroad
goes over a grade. The track for 100 feet
was torn up and scattered, rails, ties and
all. Half a dozen rails were broken into
pieces. At Valeria, the Methodist and
Catholic churches were totally wrecked.
About a dozen of the business houses were
blown to pieces or partly wrecked. A
large part of the population w-nt into the
cyclone cave and got in its shelter a few
seconds before the storm struct.
The storm spent itself about three miles
northeast of this place, but not until it had
killed one child at the home of Douglas
Akin and fatally hurt another, wrecked
the home of Solomon Dickey and probably
fatally hurt Mr. Dickey and his sisters,
Martha Dickey and Mrs. Frank Shale.
The home of William Osborne, in the
same neighborhood, was destroyed and
four members of the family were fearfully
hurt. It is learned that two of them will
die.
As nearly a complete list of the dead as
could be had is as follows: James Max
well, struck by lightning north of Bondu
rant; Mrs. Robert Bailey, aged 60: Lizzie
Bailey, aged 19; Joe Baii'ey, agei 22; John
Bailey, aged 20; Mary Bailey, aged 13;
Peter Bolenbaueh, aged 50; Mrs. Peter
Bolenbaugh, aged 4s; Theophilus Milburn,
aged 8; Charles Pnelan. aged 45; Susie
Phelan, aged 18; Michael Phelan, aged 8;
Charles Phelan Jr., aged 5; Nellie Phelan,
aeed 5 months; Dannie Phelan, aged 12;
Martha AKin, infant child of Douglas
Akin; John Yates, back brofcen, will die.
The list of seriously injured is not com
plete, but includes as those expected to die
the following: Teeney Bailey, aged 16;
Johnnie Bailey, aged 12; Solomon and
Mrs. Solomon Dickey, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Dickey, Robert Bailey, Mrs.
Charles Phelan and two daughters, two
children of Douglas Akin, Mrs. Martha
Dickey; Mrs. Shale, sister of Mr. Dickey.
Abide from these there were many minor
injuries.
McGREGOR, lowa, May 25.— Words are
inadequate to fitly describe the scene of
desolation caused by last night's terrible
cloudburst in historic Bloody Run. For
ten miles west of this place everything is
in ruins. All the afternoon threatening
clouds were gathering and about 1 o'ciook
this morning the storm burst in its fury,
soon deluging the valley. It swept all be
fore it. Fifteen people were drowned as
far as known.
The names of the missing are: Mrs.
John Maloney, four children of Lawrence
Meyer, Mike Havick. John Livac, John
Kattlec.
Six bodies have been recovered and iden
tified as follows: Michael Maloney, Mrs.
Burke and son, Mrs. Meyer and son, John
Malcney.
Some of the unfortunate victims are sup
posed to have been carried out into the
Mississippi River, in which the Bloody
Run empties at North McGregor. About
ten miles oi track of the Chicago, Milwau
kee and St. Paul railway has been washed
away. A large number of freightcars were
standing on the tracks in the west yards.
They are piled in shapeless masses along
the valley. The loss to the road will
probably reach $100,000. Happy homes
with their human lives were torn away
and hurled into the black and rushing
waters.
The station at Beulab, about nine miles
west, was washed away, and he agent and
family barely- escaped wi!h their lives.
Wincen & Son'a lumber-mill was badly
damaged and over 100,000 feet of lumber
swept away. The valley for twelve miles
is one vast wreck, and the damage to
mills, houses and farms cannot be esti
mated.
OELWEIN, lowa, May 25.— A cyclone
passed through Mingo shortly after mid
night. The following were killed: Mrs.
Martha Dickey. Mrs. Whitney, Mrs. Schell
and a child of D. Aikin.
Injured— S. Diciey and child, D. and
Mrs. Aikin, J. M. Osborne, Mrs. Osborne
and child, F. Leaver, Alex Trammett.
D. Aikiu's house was totally destroyed^
as were thoseof Mr. Osborne. Mr. Dickey.
Mr. Leaver and Mr. Trammett also lost
some of their possessions. The cyclone
tore up trees and destroyed everything in
its path, and caused great damage to the
Great Western Railway, carrying away
several bridges and miles of telegraph
wires and poles and delaying trains badly.
DURANGO, lowa, May 25.— Mrs. J. ML
Clark, station agent of the Cryr.ago and
Great Western Railway, lost five of her six
children in the flood and cyclone last
night, and Tom Griffin, a brakeman, went
to his death while making an attempt to
save the sixth. Mrs. Clark was called up
during the night to report the condition
of the track. Accompanied by her chil
dren she had just reached the depot when
a territlc rush of water came, carrying the
depot away. Five of trie children were
drowned. Thomas Griffin, a brakenian
employed on the road, made a brave but
ineffectual effort to save the remaining
child and lost hi« life. Mrs. Clark saved
one child, although they were carried
some distance by the water. The body of
one child has been recovered.
AMID STORM AND SLOOM.
Great Lost of Life and Property Re-
ported in Many Section*.
ORTONVILLE, Mich.. May 25.— A cy
clone swept over the northern portion of
Oakland County this afternoon. The
btorm passed about half a mile north of
this village. It came from the west and
went on a uirect line west. Every farm
house in its path for a distance of fifteen
miles was destroyed and between twenty
and twenty-five people were killed. Nearly
thirty were injured, some of whom will
die.
The names of some of the killed follow:
Daniel Thompson and son, Mr. and Mrs.
William Mitchell and two children, Abram
Quick and three children, Mrs. Henry
Quick, Mrs. Joseph Porritt, John Porritt,
John Milkey, Mrs. Heaton, tV7O children
of Mr. Howe.
Among the injured are: Oscar Granger,
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Porritt and Archie
Woodruff. B
Oakwood. the next village north of here,
is reported to have been completely
wiped out and many persons killed and
injured. At Thomas, which is located a
few miles east of here, many buildh.gs
were destroyed and five persons lost their
lives.
Metamora, a town a few miles north of
Thomas, on the line of the Michigan Cen
tral, also suffered severely.
MOUNT CLEMENS, Mich., May 25.-A
cyclone struck here this evening. About
twenty-five houses were demolished, but
as far as cau be learned nobody was
killed. Mrs. Pohl ana three sons were
seriously and perhaps fatally hurt. The
cyclone has done an immense amount of
damaue to the surrounding country, many
farmhouses having been demolished, and.
it is feared later reports will show that
many lives have been lost in this section
of Macomb County.
LAKE VIEW, Mich., May 25.— A small
cyclone struck this place this afternoon
destroying crop?, trees and buildings of
all kinds. A large barn on Robert Edear's
place was demolished and one occupied by
Fred Edgar was moved from its founda
tion and crushed. No one was killed, so
far as learned.
DULUTH, Minx.. May 25.— What was
probably the tail end of the lowa cyclone
passed over Duluth this afternoon. Sev
eral chimneys were blown down and some
houses were unroofed. A sailboat con
taining a pleasure party of four persons
capsized on Lake Superior and after hard
work by the iife-saving crew they were
rescued.
MOUNT CARROLL, 111., May 2. r >.— The
hardest storm ever experienced in this sec
tion broke last night and continued four
hours. Carroil Creek rose twenty feet in
half an hour. The J. M. Shirk Company's
milldam broke, flooding the electric-light
plant, Lebeker's carriage manufactory, the
Mount Carroll tannery and all the build
ings along Galena avenue. The fire alarm
was rang at 1 o'clock, and people were
rescued on improvised raft<. Two hun
dred feet of the Chicago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railroad track was washed out.
Hundreds of cattle and horses were
drowned. The damage in Carroll County
alone is estimated at $100,000.
OELWIN, lowa, May 25.— A terrible
wind and rain Btorm latt night through
Deleware and Dubuque counties caused
great damage. The Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul. Illinois Central and Chicago
and Great Western railroads are washed
out, bridges and culverts destroyed and
the track torn up for miles. The storm
was most severe between Oneida and Du
buque. A firm of contractors at Graf lost
a complete outfit of tents, wagons, tools
and thirty-five or forty horses. The rail
roads are unable to move any trains
through this section.
PONTIAC, Mich., May 25.— Reports from
Ortonville, Oakwood, Oxford and Thomas,
which are located in Oakland County,
north of here, say that a cyclone swept
those sections this afternoon. Ortor.viJle
and Thomas were nearly wiped out of ex
istence. It is said that fully a dozen per
sons lost their lives at Ortonville, while at
Thomas four were killed.
CHICAGO, 111., May 25.— A storm of
wind, rain, thunder and* lightning struck
Chicago this morning. Over an inch of
water fell in les3 than ten minutes. The
sewers were unable to carry off the water
and basements all over the city were
flooded. The pressrooms of the three
morning papers were flooded, and fire
engines had to be called to pump out the
water before the second editions could be
sent to press. Much damage is reported.
The storm extended south into Will and
Kankakee couuties. All telegraph wires
are down in this vicinity. On the lake
there was a tremendous storm. It is prob
able that many wrecks will be reported.
Thousands of persons living in the South
Shore suburb of Ravenswood and Lake
view narrowly escaped death by inhaling
illuminating gas. The district affected ex
tended from Fullerton avenue to Edge
water. The pressure in the mains was
reduced just enough to extinguish the
lights in houses, where jets are kept burn
ing all the time, and the escaping gas soon
filled the rooms. As soon as the police
learned of the danger every officer availa
ble was sent out to notify the sleeping
people of their danger. The aroused peo
ple thought the town was afire, and many
were so much overcome by the fumes that
several hours in the fresh air was necssary
to restore them.
While Policeman John Mc3ann , of
Lakeview was at work saving other people
his children were lying at home inhaling
thn deadly gas. Mrs. McUann was aroused
by the storm. She aroused her sister, and
the four children were revived in the ooen
air. The sleeping occupants of the Wave
land Flats in Lakewiew were panic
stricken when the police awakened them
to their danger.
Some ran out in their night clothes,
thinking the building was on fire. The
forty families were aroused in time to save
all from asphyxiation.
ROCKFORD, 111., May 25. — General
Hildebarand, his wife and daughter were
killed near Monroe Center and Mus
Rhinehart lost her lile at Leaf River.
Monroe Center was severely damaged in
the storm, but information ia meager. It
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
is said one woman was lmliit ujuibOj' the
cyclone. Davis Junction was also a vic
tim of the storm to a serious extent. In
this city the storm raced for more than an
hour, filling the air with balls of electric
fire, arid flashes of lightning followed with
frightful rapidity. The city, however, es
caped the destructive force of the storm,
the cnief damage being to houses struck
by lightning, first floors and basements
flooded and telephone wires prostrated.
In the northern part of the county there,
was a vicious downuonr of hail, which
ruined crops ana made roads impassable.
Thousands of store and residence win
dows were broken and the railroads into
the city were prostrated by washouts,
while all wires are down. The tracks are
strewn with the wreckage. All the win
dows in the Northwestern train were shat
tered as it pulled in here and the passen
gers had to be transferred.
ROCKFORD, 111., May 25.— Several
people were killed and many thousands
of dollars damage was done to property
by a storm of wind, hail aud rain which
swept upon this region last nicht. Other
persons were injured, some fatally. Tne
storm was most severe southeast ot the
city. At midnight a cyclone struck one
mile south of Egan City, wrecking the
residence of Mrs. Isora Bird and killing
her instantly. Her two girls and two boya
were badly hurt. The oldest girl's arm
was fractured and she was internally in
jured. It is not beiieved the youngest girl
will live.
Big trees were torn from the earth, crops
ruined and other damage done.
BURLINGTON, la., May 25.— This city
was struck by a furious storm last night,
rain and hail being the predominating
element. The wind destroyed a church,
part of the Atlas mill and many smoke
stacks. South of the town a cyclone de
veloped, tearing up trees and destroying
crops.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., May 25.— Two
inches of rain fell here this morning and
the streets were flooded. The wind blew a
imrricane, destroying shade trees, and hail
did some damage to fruit. The sewers
were not equal to carrying off the flood
and many cellars were deluged.
SUGAR BOUNTY CASES,
Funds to Pay Claims Are Made
Available by the Supreme
Court Decision.
Over Five Million Dollars Can Now
Be Disbursed in Bounties to
Growers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 25.— The
effect of the decision of the suger bounty
cases by the United States Supreme Court
will make immediately available for their
payment more than $5,250,000. For the
payment of the cane, beet and sorghum
sugar claims, Congress appropriated $5,
-000,000. These claims amount to $6,111,
-505, and are classed as follows: Louisiana
473 claims, $5,591,617; Third Texas District
13 claims, $123,812; Fiorida U claims, $5,
-655; California 3 claims, $293,208; Nebraska
1 c^aim, $45,087; Kansas 2 claims, $6259;
Utah 1 claim, $45,862; total, 502 claims,
$6,111,505.
All these claims haye been approved by
the Commissioner, and as the total
amount allowed is larger than the appro
priation the claim will have to be pro
rated or an additional appropriation made
to meet tnem. When the bounty was re
pealed certain sugar-producers had com
pleted their production and presented
claims for bounty, and these claims,
amounting to $2;i8,286, remain unpaid. Of
this class of claims $121,738 worth were for
maple sugar, distributed through the
Eastern States.
In this same class were thirty-three
claims for bounty on sugars other than
maple, as follows, cents omitted: First
California District, six claims, $71,804;
Louisiana, twenty-two claims, 125,029;
Nebraska, two claims, $14,826; Third Texas
District, one ciaim, $1234; Fiorida. one
claim, $3022; Kansas, one claim, $436.
Total, thirty-three claims, $116,503.
All these claims of every class have
passed through the office of the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue and have been
approved. They will now be forwarded to
the Auditor and then to Comptroller
Bowler for his signature. It will probably
be July next before any of the claims will
be paid in the ordinary treasury routine.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Xtither White 2>or J'erktnt Object to
Huntingtnn's Allowance.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 25.-The
appropriation of $1,542,989, to pay the
transportation claims of the Southern
Pacific Company, waa passed In the Sen
ate to-day, and although both Senators
White and Perkins were present, neither
lifted his voice in opposition to this appro
priation. The California representatives
have successfully opposed the item from
year to year, and Judge Maguire says that
he will fight it when the deiiciency bill re
turns to Phe House for concurrence in
Senate amendments. Both tne California
Senators seemed to be ignorant of the fact
that this amount is provided for as an
"offset" in the Pacific roads funding bill.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— George W. Trask,
Rocklin; reissue — Ezra E. Washburn;
original widows— Mary J. Dillon, San
Francisco; (special, May 18) Larah M.
Bennison, Santa Paula.
Washington: Original, original wid
ors, etc. — Nancy Lena Small, Buckley.
BAPTIST MISSIONARY WORK.
An lutcreMtina Report Made at the At
bury fark Meeting.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., May 25.— The
sixty-fourth annual report of the execu
tive board of the American Home Mission
Society for the year ending March 31, 1896,
was delivered here to-night. It began
with a debt of $108,000 and closes with a
debt of $86,000. The total receipts for the
year, including conditional and perma
nent trust funds — not including church
edifice loans repaid— have been been $505,
-469. The whole number of laborers, mis
sionaries and teachers supported wholly or
in part by the society was 1116.
The afternoon session was the eighth
anniversary of the Baptist Educational
Society. President Hurington delivered
the annual address and presided.
John H. Harris, LL.D., of Bushnell
CJniversity delivered an address on "The
Day of Prayer for Colleges," and a long
discussion followed.
The election of officers of the Educa
tional Society resulted as follows:
President, J. P. Green, Missouri; vice
presidents— E. B. Hilbsrt, Illinois; J. B.
Camoreil, Georgia; recording secretary,
Rev. E. M. Poteat, Connecticut; corre
sponding secretary, Rev. H. L. Moore
bouse, New. York; treasurer, E. V. Casey,
New Jersey.
At the request of the National League
for the Protection of American Institu
tions a resolution was adopted approving
the action of the House of Representives
in refusing appropriations for sectarian
schools among the Indians.
At the evening session of the Baptist
Home Mission Society it was decided to
accept the invitation of Putsburg and meet
in that ciiy next year.
MANY MILLIONS
ARE APPROPRIATED
Final Passage of the Gen
eral Deficiency Bill by
the Senate.
AMENDMENTS ADDED.
Considerable Tacked 0a to Pay
the French Spoliation
Claims.
BUTLER'S BOND RESOLUTION.
An Unsuccessful Effort to Cause Fur
ther Consideration of the
Measure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 25.— The
lasLof the general appropriation bills, the
deficiency bill, engaged the attention of
the Senate to-day. As reported it covers
items ag.regating $9,000,000, about twice
the amount it carried when it came from
the House. In its progress throueh the
feenate the aggregate was still more in
creased by the appropriation of over a
million dollars for providing in the French
spoilation claims of over half a million
dollars for findings of the court of claims
under the Bowman act and $174,445 for the
Choteau claim in building an iron steam
battery in \Mi.
At the close of the routine morning
business Hale (R.)of Maine moved to con
sider the deficiency bill — the last of the
general appropriation bills— and it was
taken up. Among the amendments re
ported were the following : To pay $8750
to the widow of the late United States
Minister to Mexico, Isaac P. Gray; appro
priating $1)517 for all outstanding claims
against the World's Columbian Commis
sion ; appropriating $46,000 for the leasing
of a suitable building and equipment for
the sampling and assaying of imported
silver ores and other ores containing lead;
appropriating $2506 to compensate tl.e
owners of the Norwegian steamer Peter
Jebsen for damages from collision with
the United States revenue steamer Rusa
in San Francisco harbor in March,
1896; appropriating $1,542,979 to pay
transportation claims ot the southern Pa
cific; $i 59,600 for three deaths and for the
injuries of Government employes at the
Ford's Theater disaster in June, 1893;
$1235, for payment for interior finish oi
courthouse and postoffice at Denver, Colo. ;
$15,000, for a road near the National Ceme
tery in Puiaski County, 111.; increasing
the appropriation for the survey of lunds
in California from $20,000 to $40,1)00.
At 2 r. M. the prohibitory bond bill came
up as tne unfinished business. An appeal
was made to Butler (Pop.) of North talo
lina, author of the bill, to let it go over
until the appropriation bill was finished.
That was relused, and then efforts were
made to have an hour fixed on Wednes
day or Tnursday next ior taking the vote
on the bond biil.
Objection was made by Palmer, who
stated very positively that no such aicree
ment could be made. Fnally unanimous
consent was given that the bill be pro
ceeded with.
At 2 r. m. the consideration of the de
ficiency bill was suspended and the bond
bill was laid before the Senate as the un
finished business, but Butler finally
yielded so far as to allow the deficiency
bill to be proceeded with.
The bill as passed by the House appro
priated $4,793,55*0 und as reported by the
Senate committee, $8,956,298. The Senate
amendments, having been all disposed of,
the bill was open to general amendment.
Ananiendment to one ot its items, Ford's
Theater disaster, offered by Pugh (D.) of
Alabama, provoked a long discussion and
was eventually defeated— ayes 20, noes 25.
An amendment to insert an item to pay
the claim of John Roach, the ship-builder,
was offered by Mitchell (R.) of Oregon,
and was after a long discussion ruled out.
An amendment to pay $2500 to Mr.
Dupont for counsel fees, time and ex
penses, in prosecuting his right to a Beat
in the Senate, and $2500 to the three coun
sel engaged in opposition to him, was
offered by Mr. Mitchell and agreed to.
An amendment appropriating $1,027,314
for findings of the Court of Claiois in 341 of
the French spoilation claims (exclusive of
insurance claims) was offered by Warren
(R.) of Wyoming as a report from the
Committee on Claims, and was, after dis
cussion, declared to be in order by a vote
of 32 to 14. Various other amendments
for claims found due under the Bowman
act were effected and agreed to. Several
of these amendments having been offered
by Cockrell (D.) of Missouri it was sug
gested by Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire
humorously that Cockrell's object was to
load down the bill with private claims, so
as to make it odious and cause all of them
to be thrown out.
Cockrell declared that if be were to be
on the conference committee the Senate
would not recede. He would rather keep
Congress in session till the 4th of March
next.
Chandler twitted Cockrell with having
shown a want of temper and with not act
ing with his known judgment. Cockrell
retorted that the Senator was showing a
want of balance and a resentful feeling
and that the Senator's insinuation was
unworthy of him and one which he ought
never to have made and never would
have made if he had kept his temper.
[Laughter.]
Hill, in a humorous vein, offered an
amendment appropriating $50,000 for 50,
-000 copies of the United States Red Book
published by James B. Lyon at Albany,
N. Y. He said, in answer to inquiries,
that the book gave the likeness and bi
ography of ah the Senators— the finest
body of men in the country. [Laughter.]
A point of order was made by Hale, and
Hill expressed the hope that "the good
humored Vice-Prestdent would do with it
as he had done with the French spoliation
amendment, and submit the question of
order to the Senate. The Vice-President
promptly submitted the question, and the
Senate ruled the amendment out of order.
Finally the bill was passed.
The conference report on the sundry
civil appropriation bill was presented, and
ordered printed.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
liitcustion of a Bill to Repeal a Section
of the Tariff Law.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 25.—To
day's session uuder the rules was devoted
to District of Columbia affairs. The cal
endar was soon cleared, however, and the
remainder of the session was spent in com
mittee of the whole, considering the bill
to repeal that section of the tariff law pro
viding for a rebate on alcohol used in the
arts and medicinal compounds.
Evans of Kentucky, on behalf of the
Ways and Means Committee, offered an
amendment providing for the appoint
ment of a committee of three Senators and
three Representativss to consider the
question relating to the use of alcohol in
the arts and manufactures free of tax and
to report to the next session of Congress.
In advocating the passage of the bill
Evans stated that no regulations could bo
framed by the Treasury Department, as
the language of the section directed, that
would protect the Government and
that the Government stood to lose be
tween $250,000 and $300,000 in claims every
day since it was enacted.
Russell and Hill spoke in opposition.
The latter gave notice that ne would move
to strike out the repeal clause and insert
instead an amendment for a committee of
investigation. The bill was not disposed
of, when at 5 o'clock the committee arose
and the House adjourned.
The report of the Elections Committee
on the case of Martin (Pop.) vs. Lockhart
(D.) from the Sixth (N. C.) District in
favor of Martin, the contestant *was pre
sented and ordered printed.
NOT ALLOWED TO HUNT.
Decision of the Supreme Court as to the
Rights of Bannocks.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 25.— 1n the
case of John H. Ward, Sheriff of Uintah
County, Wyo., vs. Race Horse, a Bannock
Indian, involving the treaty with the Ban
nocks, giving them the right to hunt on
unoccupied public lands, the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day decided
that the right to hunt on these lands
could not be exercised in contravention
of the i^tate law forbidding the hunting of
wild animals. Race Horse was arrested
for violating the game law of the State,
the arrest being part of the incident which
led to the Jackson Hole trouble last year.
Justice Brown dissented from the judge
ment for the reason that it violated the
terms of a treaty between the United
States and the Indians.
NEW BISHOP TO AFRICA.
Er. Hartzell Elected by the
General M. E. Church
Conference.
The Long Delayed Fight B tween Lay
ard Ministerial Delegates
Ccmes Up.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 25.— The Gen
eral Conference of tne Methodist Episcopal
church to-day elected Dr. Jiyseph C. Hart
zell of Louisiana Bishop to Africa.
But four days of the session remain, and
all speeches were limited to five minutes.
Trustees of the new university at Wash
ington were named during the morning.
They are all Eastern men. The long
deferred fight between the lay and minis
terial delegates came up when the com
mittee on constitution reported the new
constitution. The majority report want a
referendum to be composed of ministers,
while the minority report demanded that
the lay members be given a voice in the
referendum. Dr. A. J. Kinnett of Phila*
delphia made a strong argument in favor
of laymen.
R. S. Warthout of Michigan declared
that the report of the constitutional com
mittee was a failure. "What a miserable
farce was the consideration of the woman
question by this body. We first considered
the question as a judicial one, and then
compromised it by virtue of our lecislative
poweis. That kind of work makes our
conference ridiculous. I am opposed to
the report f because it gives nothing new."
A motion to amend the report was lost.
The committee on Epworth League
recommended that certain members of the
board of control be appointed by the
General Conference instead of by the rep
resentatives of the league. The recom
mendation wtts adopted.
Bishop Hurst presided over the after
noon session and again showed himself
utterly deficient in parliamentary law and
in curbing the restless spirits of the con
vention. The scenes of disorder were only
equaled by those which occurred when he
presided over the convention in its dis
cussion of the woman question. Nomina
tions of aa additional secretary oftheFreed
raen's Aid Society were in order, and out
of a field of four M. C. Mason of Savan
nah, Ga., colored, was chosen on the first
ballot.
PRESRYTERLLE ASSEMBLY.
Plant for the Union of All Young Peo
ple's Societies.
SARATOGA. N. V., May 25.— Tne Pres
byterian General Assembly resumed its
session to-day with the usual half-hour's
devotional exercises. The Board of Freed
men's report was considered and recom
mendation in regard to its work adopted.
The report of the special committee on
young people's societies was again taken
up. This matter was raised at Pittsburg
by a request for the formal indorsement of
the Christian Endeavor Union and for the
establishment in the Fifth-avenue Presby
terian House of a young people's society
and headquarters with a beard of secreta
ries.
A special committee was appointed at
Pittsburg, and a plan for the supervision
and government of such societies a? al
ready exist in the church was prepared
and reported to the assembly.
The consideration of a proposal to pre
pare a plan for the union of all Presby
terian young people's societies was then
taken up. Rev. Dr. Lane of Weatchester
County opposed the clause, and argued for
the discharge of the committee on the
ground that the proposal of a denomina
tional young people's society to take the
place of the Christian Endeavor was un
wise. Recess was taken with the matter
still undecided.
At the afternoon session Dr. William H.
Hubbard, editor of the Assembly Record,
read a series of propositions regarding the
Presbyterian mission-house and offered a
resolution looking to the disposition of
the property on Fifth avenue, as it was
not a paying concern. It was decided to
report the mattes to-morrow.
The report of the committee on educa
tion was then read and received. Rev. Dr.
Joseph Smith then read the report of the
special committee on church unity. The
report of the committee on church unity
which was before the assembly before was
laid on the table and the assembly ad
journed. . '
Sale of tht> Northern Pacific.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 25.— 1t has
been decided to have the judicial sale of
the Northern Pacific take place at West
Superior, Wis., July 25. Master Cary,
WOO will conduct the sale, will proceed
from that city to other points in several
States to sell the railroad lands along the
line.
HUSSELLMAN, THE
BOLD BIGAMIST,
The Gay San Franciscan Is
Wanted at Wooster,
Ohio.
WEDDED MANY WOMEN.
So It Comes to Pass That Several
Wronged Wives Are on
His Trail.
NOTED AS A SMOOTH FELLOW.
Matrimony a Pleasant Diversion in
His Prolonged Career of Bare
faced Swindling.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, May 25.— A San
Francisco man is at present badly wanted
in Wooster, Ohio. From developments it
appears that be is a bigamist of unbounded
ambition. The story is this:
Four years ago there arrived in Wooster
a tall, heavy 6et man, evidently about 55
years of age. He was a man of good ad
dress, and as he seemed to have plenty of
cash he was not long in gaining a stand
ing in business and society circles. He
represented himself as the patentee of a
wire fence, of which he said he had sold
hundreds of miles. He gave his name as
Samuel B. Hussellman, and through hav
ing once met Jehn Kunert, became ac
quainted with Kate Kunert, his widow.
She had some money and a cozy home on
the leading residence street of the city.
Hussellman proposed to and wedded Mrs.
Knnertatthe home of a friend in Dallas,
Tex. On returning to Wooster Hussell
man had the home of his wife torn down
and replaced by a fine $5000 mansion. It
turned out later that he had used his
wife's money in doing this, besides using
a great deal of cash and leaving a mort
gage on the premises for $1300.
About the time the house was com
pleted Marshal Ellsperman received sev
eral letters from a woman in San Fran
cisco who claimed to be Hussellman's
wife and mother of four children. She
was anxious to have him prosecuted for
bigamy.
Hussellraan learned of the receipt of the
letters from California and suddenly left
Wooster. This was two years ago. Not a
great while after this Mrs. Hussellman re
ceived letters from Auburn, Ind., which
showed apparently that there was a woman
there who also claimed to have wedded
him. Since that time she says she has
learned that there are several other
women who claim to be wives of Husseli
man. Nothing has been heard from him
for over a year until a few days ago, when
the Washington (D. C.) papers contained
a long article telling of Hussellman's
transactions in that city, and of his mr
dictments for swindling in selling deeds
for a patent wire fence to which he had no
claim.
The* Wooster wife on hearing of his be
ing wanted offered to furnish a full de
scription so he could be identified. The
woman is nearly crazed through the vil
lainy of Hussellman, having let him use
up all of her ready cash and signed mort
gages which she is sorely pressed to pay.
Her beautiful home may soon be sold as a
result of Hussellman's scheming rascality.
Cregan and Becker Coming.
NEWARK, N. J., May 25.— James
Cregan and Charles Becker, the bank
forgers, were formally turned over to the
California authorities this morning. A
writ of habeas corpus applied for by M. T.
Barrett for the prisoners was withdrawn
before Judge Fitzpatrick. The prisoners
will reach San Francisco Saturday next.
The property owned by Cregan in New
York has been converted into cash. It is
said the prisoners will make full restitu
tion to tbeNevada Bank.
Death of an Ex-Governor.
PITTSBURG, Kaks.. May 25.— Arthur
C. Mellette, former Governor of South
Dakota, died at his home in this city to
day from heart failure, after an illness of
several weeks. He had been a sufferer
from a complication of diseases for four
years. He moved to this city about a
year ago and practiced law. He was a
prominent Knight Templar and leaves a
widow and three sons.
NEW TO-DAT.
CORONATION SALE.
Everything in general, and Boys' Suits
in particular. Btore crowded all day— just
a trifle inconvenient, but the bright, ring-
ing dollars you can save will cover a mul-
titude of inconveniences.
Combination suits, 8 to 15; suit with ex-
tra pants and cap; at a price never before
named in this city— s2 50. Until Wednes-
day, 6 p. M.
Boys' Knee Pants, ages 4 to 15, 25c.
Sailor Waists (with whistles) and Faunt-
leroy Blouses, 40c; worth 75c.
Children's Straw Hats, all colors, 15c.
Order by mail from our catalogue. j
SftlirP The true solace for your dis-
CAI ir<!? tresses is i tfee remedy that
kMJLllfl!/.
6AI i fin ' cures .' prematureness in 20
DAI I f\n *, days. Hudyan cures Failing
CAI ifip Manhood, Partial Impotency,
MJLALL.
flip Nervous Debility, Neurasthe-
WA! Iff nia, Drains, Losses by night
oULALiIIt
DAI inn or day. Hudyan cures Fall-
CAI IPF ing Sensations, Nervous De-
«ai iriD bility, Spennatorrhea and dis-
*dai irtn eases of the prostate gland.
DAT I riP Hudyan is the remedio treat-
OAI I rip men't discovered by the old
CAI h£*V doctors of the Hudson Mcdi-
SVLJlvfi.
soi srp cal institute< n ° on « «is«
SOI \(>F haS Hud " an — °o one else can
SOLACE. 6iVe y ° U Hudyan> Hu dyan
SOLACE. is the true specific for men
SOLACE. wboareallin & trough abuse.
SOLACE. You sbould kD0 * the graiid
SOLACE. WOnders of the trul y "mark-
SOLACE. able remedi °- treatment . a nd
j SOLACE. you can know if you wish to
SOLACE inquire - You will be fur -
! SOLACE nished with ample and suffi-
SOLACE. dent proofs of the wonder *
i SOLACE working power of Hudyan.
SOLACE! Call or write for
: HUDYAN PROOFS. :
HUDSON MEDICAL ISSTITDTB,
Stockton, Market and Kill* St«.
BLOOD TAISTS SHOW
Pimples.
Copper-colored spots. — —
Sore mouth.
Sore throat. .
Falling hair.
Enlarged lumps.
Glandular lumps. — -
Skin eruptions.
Partial loss of eyebrow.
Sore eyes.
When in this condition don't go to hot
springs— go to the doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days.
: BLOOD
: CURES :
: FREE. :
• J? iVJuJui. .
'. ;
CALL OR WRITE
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.
BANKRUPTCY
A. D. AYRE'S STOCK.
Liberty Bicycles.
No Reasonable Cash Offer Refused.
WHEELER & WILSON MFC. CO.
933 Market, Opp. Mason.
OPEN EVENINGS. '
MANLY VIGOR
«^anaa£fsv*fc O NCE MORE In harmony
j Int'tß v with the world, 2000
i lEw (♦. completely cured men are
jSnK* y\ singing nappy praises tor
|U2£> #L^ the greatest, grand-
I^^JlUUHaPct^^^^ est and most buc-
>— '-^SirirwasXy cessf ul cure for sex-
!LP<^Sw\W ■ Tia^ weakness and
J/l^bATsSv lost vigor known to
i *c^JS"Yi^MVv medical science. An
: I r*^ =^ : 'jyZr*\ V account of this uxm-
c+ZS. tZ?Z<&m!«SXjr derful discovery, in
®iWolr book form, with ref-
*^ MK^fe->^ erences and proofs,
- . " , will be sent to suf-
fering men (sealed) free. Full manly vigor
permanently restored. Failure impossible '
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,BUFFALO ) N.Y.
DR.PIERCE'Si
&C$M&M!&' \1- two CURED with
M^^^^& ONE_BELT.
2*??^v^3^>Sß SEATTLE, Wash.,
BEi.,*—— ,^ I.M October 19. 1895.
PBk ■ birrßflßSfrMKy i>r - Iterce— Dear Sir:
'g^SfeiS^^yay^, 1 - Some time aso I bought
•nM!« P/fi(?tSWWi one of your Electric Belts
{ • 1 " * or ''Unit.' Back, caused by
<3&£w trouble with my kidneys,
- ™* and in three days' time
the pain disappeared and has not troubled m*
since. Your Belt almost performed a miracle la
curing my complaint, for it wax so bad fora I
wore the Beit thai, I was laid up in the hospital
and could not work. ~~ '■'*' '■ ■ •
After your Belt cured me I lent It to a friend,
and the same Belt that cured me cured
him also. I have recommended your Belt to
every one 1 could hear of who was sick, and shall
continue to do so hereafter, for it la certainly a
great invention. Yours truly.
i'HANCIS VICTOR WILBER.
A3- For price list and full particulars of DR.
Pit. ROE'S wonderful Belts, call or writ* for free
"Pamphlet No. 2."
Address— PIERCE & 704 Sac-
ramento street (cor. Kearny). -d, 3d and 4th
floors, BAN FRANCISCO. .__
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OJf THIS "V" x":V'
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for to.*
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
greai remedy for diseases of the kidneys and Wai-
der. A great Restorative, liiyigoratorand Nervtua.
Bells on Its own Merits— no long-winded lajU*
monials necessary.
mm£ &"'£u !k &' n * BRUNK, Agents..
383 Market St., S. f.— (send jot circular.)
oo®iMr;o:E»oijiT.A.axr.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 Fifttj st aD
I ntnclsco, — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board an! room, *1, $1 25 and $1 50 p«
day according id loom. Meals 25a Rcoma.
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from ihabotsL
Look for the ooacu bearing the name of taa ''^
Biopoiu*a Hotej. wit SAtI&X, fropriai^SOUTH AND WEST
FOR FREE SILVER,
And Delegates From Those
Sections May Bolt at
Chicago.
SO SAYS MR. TILLMAN.
Border States Cannot Stay in
the Party on a Gold
Platform.
HABRITY IS NOT THE MASTEE.
The South Carolina Senator Declares
That He Is Only a Servant of
the Democrats.
WABHINGTON. D. C, May 25.—Sena
tor Tillman has been on a tour through
the South, having made speeches in Texas,
Arkansas. Fiorida and in his own State,
where he went to attend the iState Conven
tion.
"Everywhere the sentiment is for free
silver," said he to Thk Call corres
pondent.
"Do you think there would be much of a
bolt at Chicoeo should the convention be
for gold and nominate a gold man?"
. "I think the whole South and "West
would walk out. The border States can't
stay in the party on a gold platform."
"Do you think the silver men will con
trol at Chicago?"
"Oh, yes, they are sure to be in control
by upward of a hundred majority."
The first of ttie Tillman badges have
shown up at the Capitol. It is a silver
pitchfork with three prongs, and on each
prong is impaled a gold bug. On the
handle of the pitchfork is "Tillman,'' and
the gold bugs impaled on prongs are
labeled "Sherman," "Carlisle" and "Cleve
land." The badges are being turned out
by an Atlanta concern at the rate of hun
dreds a day, and are being worn exten
sively in the fcouth. There are said to be
hundreds of them at Atlanta. With the
appearance of the Tillman pitchfork is the
Carlisle badge made like the badges of the
Republican candidate. Besides a picture
of Carlisle there is "For President, J. G.
Carlisle."
Commenting to-day on Chairman Har
rity's threat that would-be bolters may be
debarred from the National Democratic
Convention, Senator Tillman said:
"Harrity's bluster will have no more
effect on the National Convention than
Michigan boodle. He forgets that he is
not master of the Democratic party and is
only its servant."
TO SHAPE TWO PLATFORMS.
Importance of a Convention to Me Meld
at Liet.roiL
DETROIT, Mich., May 25.— A great
convention of representatives of the
commercial, manufacturing, labor and
aericuitural organizations oi the United
States, with the avowed purpose of
influencing the formation of the platforms
of both the Republican and Democratic
parties at their coming conventions, will
be held in this city, opening on Tuesday,
June 2.
The plans which this convention will
adopt will be put in proper shape and a
committee appointed to present them to
the two great political conventions to be
held in June and July respectively, and to
urge their embodiment in their respective
platforms.
The subjects to be acted upon at this
convention will be as follows:
First — The discussion uf way* and means
for taking the tariff question out of parti-
Gan politics and making it a business ques
tion, instead of a "political football."
Second — The discussion of ways and
means for the improvement of the con
sular service of the United States and the
employment of such service for the in
creasing of our foreign trade, especially
with the Central and South American Re
publics.
Third — The advisability of recommend
ing to Congress the creation of a depart
ment of commerce, manufactures and
labor, and of making the chief of such de
partmenta member of the President's Cab
inet.
Fourth — The advisability of forming a
permanent organization for the purpose of
holding annual conventions for the con
sideration of National questions and of
recommending to Congress each year such
changes in our laws or in their administra
tion as may be deemed for the best interest
of our country.
The convention will be non-political and
non-sectional, and all questions must be
discussed from a purely commercial stand
point.
Over 200 organizations have already
agreed to send delegates, and 2000 others
have been invited to send representatives,
besides which a very large number of busi
ness men are expected to be on hand and
take part in the discussions, and with that
end in view 25,000 personal invitations are
being sent out.
In addition to these an invitation is ex
tended to every individual citizen to at
tend the convention and take part in the
discussions, who may be interested in the
questions to be discussed, and who be
lieves that more can be accomplished by
the united effort of all the different inter
ests involved than by each independently
of the others.
The invitation is sent out by the city of
Detroit and bears the signature ot Hon.
H. S. Pingree, Mayor; General R. A. Al
ger of the Chamber of Commerce; George
H. Barbour, president of the Manufactur
ers' Club, and J. B. Howarth, president of
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' Ex
change.
Arrangements are being made to have
a number of eminent speakers present,
men who are prominent in the commer
cial, manufacturing, labor and agricul
tural pursuits, as well as those in public
life.
The following are the members of the
committee which will bave charge of the
convention:
J^in B. Howarth, president oi the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Exchange, De
troit, Mich. .
C. Downing, president of the Board of Trade,
Brunswick, (.a.
Nathaniel Barnes, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, Kansas City, Kans.
J. H. Bricham, master National Grange P. of
H., Delta, Ohio.
W. J. Smith, president of the American Flint
Glasß workers' Union, Pittsburg, fa.
M. M. Garland, president of the Amalga
mated Association of Iron and Steei Workers,
l'ittsburg, Pa,
J. M. Blair, president of the Board of Trade
and Transportation, Cincinnati, Ohio.
E. W. Doolittle, president of the Dallas Com
mercial Club, Dallas, Tex.
J. C. Eliel, president oi the National Whole
sale Druggists' Association, Minneapolis,
Minn.
W. A. May, president of the Board of Trade,
Scranton, Pa.
W.Robinson, president of the Young Men's
Business League, Meridian, Miss.
T. S. Griffin, president of the Board of Trade,
Brunswick, Mo.
D. P. Ewin, president of the Commercial
Club, Indianapolis, Ind.
T. W. Hugo, president of the Chamber of
Commerce, Duluth, Minn.
H. Rohrs, president of the New York Retail
Grocers' Union, New York City.
B. F. Smith, president of the Business Men's
Association, De Perre, Wig.
The headquarters of the committee are
at 401 Chamber of Commerce, Detroit, the
secretary of which, S. B. Archer, has
cliarge of all correspondence on this mat
ter.
Mayor Pingree is in receipt of a letter
from Arthur Kirk of the Pittsburg Cham
ber of Commerce, announcing that the
Smoky City will make up an excursion to
attend the convention.
THERE WILL, BE NO COMPROMISE.
Democratic factions to Fight to a finish
at Chicago.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 25.— A Herald
special from Washington says: There will
be no compromise at the Chicago conven
tion on the money question if the ad
ministration can prevent it. It will be a
tight to a finish so far as President Cleve
land is concerned.
"We want no compromise, no juggling,
no straddling," said a member of the
Cabinet yesterday. "The country can
never have peace and confidence until the
silver goblin is laid away in its grave."
"Do you concede that the Chicago con
vention is to be controlled by the silver
men?" was asked.
"I do not. While the outlook is not
bright, the battle is still on. Our reports
from Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio are not
so discouraging. We are going to carry
those States, or two of them at least.
Illinois appears to be dominated by a
local machine which suppresses the voice
of the members of the party. If the
Democrats of Chicago stand on their
rights and refuse to submit to such out
rageous imposition as that put on them by
the machine they will do exactly rieht.
It a man proposes to hold a primary with
me he must give me acnance to vote. If
the Democrats of Illinois stand on their
rights and appeal the case to the National
Committee, I believe the National Com
mittee will sustain them. If they have
justice done their side they will be given
seats in the temporary organization of the
convention, just as tne gold Democrats of
Nebraska, like Colorado and other States,
were seated."
"Suppose the silver men obtain control
of the convention, notwithstanding the
National Committee, and go for free coin
age at 16 to 1, will there be another Demo
cratic ticket in the field?"
"No matter which side obtains control
of the convention, I believe there will be
two Democratic tickets. The silver lead
ers have already threatened to bolt if they
cannot rule. We do not make threats.
But it is obvious Democrats who believe
free coinage will ruin the country cannot
vote for a free-silver candidate for Presi
dent Nor do we want to vote for Mc-
Kinley. There seems nothing to do but to
name a ticket of our own and give sound
money Democrats something to rally
round. I have no idea whom we would
nominate in case we find it necessary to
put a ticket in the field.
"If this were the President's first term I
am satisfied he would be willing to run
acain, deliberately sacrificing himself for
the good of the country and the party.
But the prejudice against the third term
changes the case materially, and I doubt
if the President would be willing to serve.
He would care nothing for defeat if he
could be of any real service to his party
and the Nation. He is too big and cour
ageous for that. But he would be accused
of possessing an ambition which stops at
nothing, while we who know him well
know his ambition is satisfied, and that
nothing but a great sense of duty could
induce him to have anything more to do
with politics."
AN INFORMAL RECEPTION.
McKinley Greeted by Representative Re
publicans of Several States.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 24.—Ex-Gov
ernor McKinley held an informal recep
tion in the office of M. A. Hanna to-day.
There were men from every section of the
country present.
After the greetings were over there was a
quiet little caucus at which the following
were present: Harrison Gray Otis of Los
Angeles, Cal. ; W. T. Durbin, lndiapolis;
ex-Collector Wimberly, Louisiana; Colo
nel Fred Grant, New York; If. P. Handy,
Chicago; Morton H. Allen, Albany, N. V.;
H. A. Booth, Judge John T. Caples and
J. D. McCullough, Oregon ; C. G. McDou
gall and John F. Milholland, New York.
The whole situation was discussed,
though all parties refused to tell what was
said except that McKinley was the man
who would be nominated. McKinley left
for Canton when the meeting was over.
When asked about the rumored visit of
Samuel Fessenden, CJarkson's right-hand
man, to Mr. McKinley at Canton, Mr.
Hanna said : "Well. I really had not seen
the report that he intended to come, but I
can tell you that all those stories are ca
nards."
H. A. Booth, who is a delegate to St.
Louis from Oregon, was spokesman for the
party of men from that State who called
on Mr. Hanna, and he said: "There is
some free-silver talk in our State, but at
present the great majority are for sound
money, and, what is better, they are for
McKinley."
CAMPHELL'S ROOM WANES.
Some Democrat* Say There Is No Hanger
of Mis Itrinq nominated.
Washington, d. c, May 25.-The
latest statement of ex-Governor Campbell
that he would accept the nomination at
Chicago, even on a silver platform, but
that he does not want the honor at all,
creates no comment and little interest at
the Capitol. The silver men, from con
versations with some of them this morn
ing, view the announcement indifferently.
Their feelintr may be summed up in the
remark of Representative Terry of Arkan
sas, who said: "There is no danger that
Mr. Campbell will be nominated. We
will nominate a silver man."
The majority of the others seen did not
care to have their names used, as they did
not want to offend mo good and popular a
Democrat as Campbell, but they said that
a straight silver man would be the nomi
nee. Ex-Governor Campbell's ideas on
international bimetallism do not suit any
of them. _______^__
Newspapers Consolidated.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 25.— 8y
mutual agreement among stockholders
of both papers, the Commercial-Gazette
and the Tribune, the two Republican
morning papers of this city, will be con
solidated on June 1. The new paper will
be known as the Commercial-Tribune and
will be Republican in politics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
QUEEN OF THE
WOODLAND FETE,
Miss Tillie Schluer Will
Sway a Scepter on
Wednesday.
WINS A LIVELY RACE.
Yolo County Native Sons Choose
Their Sovereign by the
Ballot.
TO BE CROWNED WITH POMP.
District Attorney Hopkins Delegated
to Make tbe Coronation
Speech.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 25.— Miss Tillie
Schlner will rule over Woodland's Native
Sons at Wednesday's celebration. The
contest that this charming young lady
MISS TILLIE SCHLUER, WOODLAND'S MAY QLEfcN.
[From a photograph.]
has just won was far more exciting than a
municipal election. When the committee
charged with the counting of the votes
went lrom one polling place to another it
was followed by large crowds of partisans,
who cheered as their respective favorites
gained on the tally-sheets.
The principal leaders in the race were
Misses Tiliie Schluer. Birdie Morris and
Mac Cummings, all handsome and popular
young ladies of this city. The voting had
Deen spirited from the beginning, and the
Native Sons are rejoicing over the success
of the affair. Over 4000 ballots were cast.
As soon as Mis? Schluer was notified of
her election, she sent a note to Miss Mor
ris, her principal competitor, earnestly re
questing her to act as ber maid of honor.
Miss Morris gracefully accepted. The oth
er maids selected by the queen-elect are:
Misses Lottie Eastham, Dahlia Hornlein,
Annie Richie, Annie Deaner and Minnie
Germeshausen ; for pages, Ethel Pullan
and Paul Leake.
The Queen will be crowned with much
pomp and ceremony. The coronation
speech will be delivered by District At
torney R. E. Hopkins.
Miss Scbluer is the daughter of Otto
Schluer, one of the wealthiest and most
influential German citizens of Yolo
County. __^^__^^___
BEN I CIA'S DYING PRELATE.
Physicians Announce After a Consultation
That Bishop Wingfield Cannot
Recover.
BENICIA, Cal., May 25.— The condition
of Bishop Wingfield continues very critical.
A consultation was held by Drs. Downing
and Williamson this evening and the de
cision was that there was scarcely any
hope for their patient. It may be possible
for him to survive a few days, but death
might come within a few hours.
The Bishop's wife, the only one of the
family here at present, has telegraphed
East for their daughter to come as soon as
-possible. Telegrams have been arriving
from all over the country expressing
sympathy.
NEVADA CITY'S HEROINE.
Mrs. Belle Douglass Rescues a l>rotcn-
ing Child.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May 25.-A
woman's presence of mind yesterday
saved Matilda Appel, aged 11 years, from
drowning. While out walking with Mrs.
Belle Douglass the child climbed to the
top of a knoll in the old Hirschman hy
draulic claim and then ran swiftly down
the other side, at the foot of which was a
deep reservoir.
Her speed was so great that she could
not stop, but plunged into the water,
which was 6 or 8 feet deep.
Mrs. Douglass saw the child's peril and,
glancing quickly about her, espied a willow
pole which had been used for a fishing
rod. The girl was about to sink the second
time, when the pole was passed to her.
She grasped it and was pulled to the shore
and lifted out.
WILL DIE AT FOLSOM.
Governor Jiudd Refutes to Reprieve a
Kanaka Murderer.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 25.— E. M.
Walsh of San Francisco, representing the
Hawaiian Government, appeared before
Governor Budd to-day, asking for a com
mutation of the sf ntence of death pro
nounced against Paulo Kaumano, a Ka
naka, convicted of murdering an old lady
in El Dorado County several years ago.
The execution was to have taken place
April 10, but the Governor at that time
granted a reprieve of sixty days as a cour
tesy to the Hawaiian Government, which
had asked for time to look into the facts of
the case.
The application for a commutation this
morning was opposed by the District At
torney. After hearing the argument on
both sides the Governor refused to take
action in the matter. Kaumano will be
executed at folsom June 10.
SUMMIT LAKE FACTIONS CLASH.
Battle for the Possession of an Irrigation
Dam — Several Shots Are Ex
changed.
VISALIA. Cal.. May 25.— The war be
tween factions contending for water
rights in the Summit Lake country, on the
west side, is being waged with increased
bitterness. On Saturday night armed
bands fought with revolvers— one in de
fense of a dam and the other in an at
tempt to destroy the barrier. The details
of the conflict received here are meager.
Some time ago one of the dams of the
Crescent Ditch Company was blown out
with dynamite by enemies of the com
pany. It was soon replaced and a guard
of six men put in charge. One night the
guards were surprised and overpowered
by a body of men, who lost no time in
again destroying the dam. Again the
company restored it and put on guard a
numbsr of men whom they believed would
not be caught napping.
These new guards purchased a lot of
lamps with reflectors, for use at night, in
order that no one could steal upon tbem
in the dark. This scheme worked too
well to ?atisfv the other faction, which
had necome impatient at the slow pro
cesses of law in water litigation. Last
Saturday night a squad of men made a
rush on the guards to again overpower
them. This time they were met by a
fusillade of bullets and driven back. They
returned the fire, and though it is be
lieved se-eral men were wounded in the
affray the extent of the damage done is
kept secret.
MET DEATH SMILINGLY,
Execution of a Youth Charged
With Rebelling Against the
Yoke of Spain.
Cruelties Practiced in an Attempt to
Learn the Whereabouts of
Insurgents.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 25.— Private ad
vices received here report the execution
of Martinez Ortago at the Cabanas prison
on the morning of the 15th charged with
rebellion against the Spanish Government.
Ortago wa3 a youth of 18 years. He met
death smilingly.
On the 15th Francisco Boca Landro, 74
years old, owner or a farm in the Guara
district, and three colored servants were
put in the Cabanas prison. Boca Landro
is charged with failing to obey Weyler's
orders for all loyal subjects to reside in
fortified towns. He is quite deaf, entirely
crippled and almost blind.
One of his servants was accused of know
ing the whereabouts of the insurgents, and
to compel him to tell they placed a rope
around his head above his temples and
twisted it until the scalp was cut all
around the bead.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 25.— Advices
have reached here from a reliable source
in Cuba to the effect that a strong body of
Spanish troops recently made a second at
tempt to invade Cubitas. the seat of the
Cuban Government. They were ambushed
in the mountains and sustained a crush
ing defeat.
The Spaniards were literally slaughtered
by the insurgents, the force was com
pelled to flee in disorder, abandoning
their equipments. The advices further
show that a filibustering expedition, hav
ing large Quantities of munitions of war.
has landed at a place east of Santiago de
Cuba.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 25.— Colonel Tort
reports having had an engagement with
the rebels near Madrigua. in the Havana
Province. The enemy had eleven killed.
The troops had two men wounded.
The rebels attacked the town of Conso-
Jacion del Sur and were repulsed by the
garrison. The rebels on their retreat
burned a number of huts on the outskirts
of the town. The loss of the rebels was
heavy. The garrison had four men killed
and twenty wounded.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 25— The
Supreme Court has decided the case of
Wiborg at al. vs. the United States, in
volving the Horsa Cuban expedition. The
opinion affirms the judgment of the Dis
trict Court for Pennsylvania sentencinc
Captain Wiborg to imprisonment and a
fine for engaging in the expedition, and
reversing it as to Petersen and Johansen,
mates of tae vessel.
Treatury Oold Reserve.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 25.— The
goid reserve to-day was $109,480,105; with
drawals, $1,365,300.
MURDER ENDS A
FIREBAUGH FEUD,
Alexander Betbeder Shot to
Death by John W.
Lambert.
FIGHT OVER A TRIFLE.
The Slayer Holds His Victim and
Sends a Bullet Through
His Heart
THEY HAD BEEN PARTNERS.
A Dispute Over Business Matters Led
to a Quarrel and a Sep
aration.
FRESNO, Cal., May 24.— John W. Lam
bert shot and killed Alexander Betbeder
at Firehaugh last evening. Both were
prominent citizens of their community
and the western portion of the county is
in great excitement over the affair. The
shooting occurred at Lambert's saloon.
Betbeder was circulating a petition to
have the Supervisors oust Justice of thi>
Peace W. S. Crawford from office, and
called upon Lambert for his signature.
This the proprietor of the saloon refused
and hot words were passed.
Up to two months ago Betbeder had an
interest in the saloon. The partnership
was dissolved because of a business mis
understanding. Lambert bought his part
ner's interest, but it appears that the dis
solution did not alleviate hard feeling be
tween the two men, so when they became
excited over the petition disagreement yes
terday the former trouble was quickly
brought up. Lambert excitedly remarked
to Betbeder:
"You have not used me right, anyway."
Betbeder said something in reply and
Lambert called him a liar. Betbeder
struck at Lambert, who dodged and struck
back. A « he did so he turned and ran
toward his bedroom in the rear part of the
saloon. The door leading to it was locked ;
with a violent kick he broke it in. In the
meantime Lambert's barkeeper was hust
ling Betbeder out of the saloon so as to
prevent trouble. He got about twenty
yards from the entrance to the saloon with
his charge when Lambert came running
out with a big pistol in his hand.
While approaching Betbeder and the
barkeeper Lambert fired two shots. When
he caught up to them he seized Betbeder
by the shoulder with his left hand and
holding the pistol in the other hand to the
victim's breast he sent a bullet through
Betbe'ier's heart and another through his
right lung.
Lambert walked quietly back to the sa
loon and remarked:
"I had to kill Lim or he would bave got
me."
He then started for Mendota, where he
surrendered to Constable Adams.
Lambert at present occupies the position
of Road master of the Firebaugh District
and is well connected throughout the
county. He is about 42 years of age and
has always been considered a very quiet
citizen. Betbeder was a Frenchman and 28
years of age. He also was held in high
esteem by the community, being a quiet
and industrious young man.
TO EXTEND THE VALLEY ROAD.
Fresno Citimens Want the Line to Run
Southward front the City.
FRESNO, Cal., May 25.— At a meeting
to-day of ihe Committee of Ten, which Las
in charge the matter cf rights of way
through Fresno County, the secretary was
instructed to send an invitation to the
officers of the San Joaquin Valley Road to
visit Fresno as early as practicable to
confer with the committee and other
citizens as to the best ways and means for
having the road extended south of here
this reason. There seems to be uncer
tainty as to whether the road will be con
tinued south this year, and as it would be
greatly to the interests of the county to
have the road so extended the committee
took these steps.
LOS ANGELES' HOTTEST DAY.
Southern California Residents Broiled by a
Torrid Wave — Upward Flight of
the Mercury.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 25.-The
ever present oldest inhabitant would have
Deen delighted under ordinary circum
stances to descant on the heat of this day
in Los Angeles as compared with the da>s
when he "first came to the country" in
the fifties or "just before de wah," but he
is without the energy to do it. It is the
second day of the heated term and the
May record-breaker, with plenty to spare.
It has been the hottest day in any month
since the Weather Bureau was first estab
lished in this city.
At 5 o'clock this morning the Weather
Bureau man found the thermometer record
ing 75 degrees. Just before noon the mer
cury had crawled to the 102 mark. This
registration was taken away up in the air,
on top of the Wilson building, where the
instruments are unaffected by terrestrial
influences. The difference ranges from
5 to 7 degrees— that is, it is from 5 to 7
degrees hotter down on the sidewalk than
at the signal station. Some thermometers
registered 109 degrees, others 108 degrees,
and one or two went up to and slightly
above the 110-degree mark.
An exodus for the mountains and sea
may be expected In a few days unless
there is a change for the cooler. At 8
o'clock this evening the thermometer
registered 85 degrees.
SANTA BARBA.RA, Cal., May 25.— A
hot wavt struck Santa Barbara to-day, the
mercury ranging above 90 degrees at 8 a.
m., and touching 97 degrees, according to
Hugh D. Vail's registration, at 3 o'clock
this afternoon.
Happily the heat is unaccompanied by
wind, and tiiere is nd present indication of
any damage to crops.'
CHICO, Cal., May 25. — A very warm
wave struck this city this morning. At
noon the mercury had ascended to the 95
mark. This being such a sudden change
in the weather, every one is suffering from
the heat. For the past month the mer
cury hore has never been above 75 degrees.
Alaska's Contenting Delegates.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 25.— C. W.
Young, a member of the contesting dele
gation from Alaska to the Natioual Re
publican Convention, arrived in this city
on the Willapa and is en route to St. Louis.
Thomas Blackett, another member, is a
passenger on the City of Topeka, due on
Friday. The alternates are Harrison Bost
wick and A. C. Van Doren. Young con
tends that he and Blackett are regularly
elected delegates, asserting that they will
be given a seat in the big convention.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Terra Archer and Miss Star Run a Dead
Meat. ,
CHICAGO, 111., May 25.— Races at Lake
Side to-day were equally divided between
favorites and outsiders. The finish event
of the day cropped out in the first race, in
which Terra Archer at 3 to 1 and Miss Star
at 9to 2 ran a dead heat, the former at
2 to 5 winning the run off.
Six furlongs, Miss Star and Terra Archer
ran a dead heat, Ben Hur third. Time. 1 : 19 W.
Terra Archer won the run off, Miss second.
Time, 1:21&
Four furlougs, Siegfried won, Lottie Wimmer
second, Tom Anderson third. Time, :~>9.
Six furlongs, Laura X won, Misa Kitty sec
ond. My Hebe third. Time. 1:19.
Six furlongs, Irene Woods yon, Nannie D
second, Doi-tor G third. Time. 1:1S 1 ,.
Nine furlongs, Evanatus won, Back the Jew
second, Pat Mulloy Jr. third. Time. 1:0:t'.,.
Six furlongs, Ethel Lea won, Bob Lee second,
Helen Wren third. Time, 1:18
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 25.— Favorites
won the first two races to-day without ef
fort. Three second picks and a lone shot
took the others. Bravo finished first in
the fifth, but was disqualified for fouling.
A good Monday crowd was present. The
track was fast.
Six furlongs, Ellen won, Claude Hill second,
Sycamore third. Time, 1 -VT%.
Four and a half furlongs, Algol won, Mattle
Belle second, Juanita third. Time, :58.
One mile, Dr. Huger won, Kamiro second,
Pinkey Potter third. Time, 1 :44^.
Six and a half furlongs. Leader Ban won,
Sligo second, Salvable third. Time, 1 :'23.
Seven furlongs. Find Out won, Hibernia
Queen second. Vassal third. Time, 1:32 1 4.
Six furlongs, Nellie Smith won, Harry Duke
second, Ashland third. Time, 1:17.
OAKLEY RACE TRACK, Ohio, May 25.—
Four and a half furlongs, Aniioble won, Alice
second, Olean third. Time, :59. l /I.
Six furlongs, Rampart won, May Rose sec
ond. Old Center third. Time, 1 :18%.
Five furlongs, T W W won, Cherry Leaf sec
ond, Olympus third. Time, 1:05^.
ri _J WE TO-DAY
At the Bar
of
Justice
frauds and extortionists have no stand-
ing ; why should they have in business ?
The Columbian Woolen Mills employ
over 200 white wage earners, whose earn-
ings go to support the butcher, the baker,
the grocer, the farmer — or indi-
rectly lending to your support and pros-
perity. On the other hand, the fakers
who imitate us sell nothing but Chinese
or prison-made Clothing. Every gar-
ment made in Chinatown or in prison *
factories takes the bread from the mouths
of at least two of your fellows.
Will you buy of these frauds, or of us ? .
Suits made to order, from Beaver,
French Pique, Tricots, Scotch Tweeds,
- Cheviots, etc., from $10 to $20. Fash-
ionable tailors charge $20 to $35 for same
grades. We guarantee fit, workmanship
and trimmings. Fashionable Trousers,
$3 to $6. • -
Will you buy of the extortionists, or
of us ?
Only Branch in S. P., 21 Montgomery St. Avoid all firms of similar name.
pill(ll!llllllll!l!ll!l!lil!lllli!!llll!ll!l!ililll!!llini!ll!l!!lli:illll!iiniI1Iinil
| " A very smooth article/ m \
H Don't compare "Battle Ax"
with low grade tobaccos — compare |
j v Battle Ax n with the best on \
s the market, and you will find you [
1 get for 10 cents almost twice as [
1 much "Battle Ax" as you do of j
1 other high grade brands*
silllllllllllllillilllllUlllllllliUlllllllllllllflinilllllllltifltiUifllllllllimiißifis
Six furlongs. Irish Lady won, Oracle second,
Acme third. Time, 1 :17^.
One mile. Miss Frances won, Ondftgae sec
ond, Springvale third. Time, 1:43.
On the Rail Field.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 25.— Doheny
gave the Champions four bases on balls to
day in the first innine, which, with two
singles and a couple of long tiles, netted
them four runs and the game. Gleason
was given an ovation by the 7331 spec
tators ami a r>air of diamond cuff-bnttona
by the members of the Baltimores. Score :
Baltimore 4 10 00 0 0 o—s 8 2
New Yorks 01000002- 8 5 O
Batteries— Kspon and Kobtnson; Doheny and
Wilson. Umpire— Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 25.— The
Philadeiphians reappeared on the home
grounds to-day and defeated Boston.
Both teams made costly errors. Score:
Philsdelnhlas 1001 00 3 1 •— 6 8 2
Bos; ons o'2 1)01 00 00— » 7 4
Batteries— Taylor and Clements, Mchols and
Bergeu.
.Spurred .six In mi- Hound*.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 25.— The star
attraction at the second series of boxing
bouts at the Empire Theater to-night was
a six-round "go" between Jack Everhardt,
the Southern lightweight, and "Young"
Griffo, the Australian feather-weight.
There was a very poor attendance and
the event was a tame affair. The men
sparred the stipulated number of rounds
in a friendly manner. By prearrange
ment the decision was a draw. Griffo.
despite his want of condition, displayed
his usual cleverness and made the South
erner look very cheap at times.
Visalia Defeats Hanford.
HANFORD, Cal., May 25.— An exciting
came of baseball between Hanford and
Visalia yesterday was won by Visalia;
score, 15 to 9.
34
THE SAN JOSE
WILL CONTEST,
A Witness Tells of Strange
Eccentricities of George
H. Parker.
LOVED NOT HIS WIFE.
Nicknamed the Woman "Beauty"
Because She Was Plain
of Feature.
IN FEAR OF BECOMING INSANE
SMrs. Law Says the Decedent Com
plained That He Was Nagged
About His Will.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 25.— The contest
of the will of George H. Parker, deceased.
■was resumed in Judge Reynolds' court
this morning. The room was filled with
spectators, a large number of whom were
ladies. The contestant, Emma L. Parker,
widow of the deceased's son, was in court
accompanied by several lady friends.
The oDjection made last Thursday by D.
M. Deimas to the admissibility of evidence
to show undue influence exercised in 1-7J
over the decedent as too remote was over
ruled on the ground that contestant's
counsel in tbe opening statement claimed
undue influence had been exercised over
Parker ever since his son's marriage.
The examination of Mrs. Law was re
sumed by Attorney Coogan for the con
testant. She said &he had a conversation
with George Parker prior to his departure
to the East in 1574. He said he was going
to investigate the stories circulated about
his daughter-in-law. He was gone about
three months. When he came back he
said some of the stories he heard about his
eon's wife were not true. He said he had
taken his daughter-in-law out riding. The
witness had been very intimate with
George Parker and his" wife Delia when
they were living in San Francisco, between
the years 1574 and I^3. Continuing she
Baid:
J^B-fter his return from the East in 1-74
G. H. Parker never engaged in any act.ye
pursuit. At that time the Parker family
resided at 1122 Market street. In 1883,
wben I v.as married, they were at that
house. Afterward I lived on Eddy street.
During all tsds time I kept an acquaint
ance with the Parkers. We visited fre
quently. 1 often saw letters in his posses
sion. He would open the letters and read
them. Then he would hand them to his
wife. She would read them, often to me,
and then fold them up and put them away
in a desk. I was living in San Francisco j
in 1888, and the Parkers, I believe, were •'
living in San Jose. Once, while be was in
San Francisco, he was sued for alleged
defamation of character."
Mrs. Law testified in regard to what G.
H. Parker had said wl;en he was <=ue<t for
defamation of character. He declared
that his money would all be. taken from
him and that he would have to go to the
poorhouse.
"He said he would rathar commit sui
cide than have hi? home taken away from
him," said tbe witness. "He then went
away to Sunol, in this State, for a while.
After his return from Sunol and prior to
bifl wife's death in April, 1892, he resided j
in San Jose. While he was in San Jose I ;
■aw him occasionally.
■When Delia Parker died I was not at
their home. After her death he said he j
wanted his wife's effects taken out of the j
house, as they annoyed him. People were
taking the things away piece by piece and
he did not know what would become of
them all. He said I could take what l
wanted. He gave her effects to my
Charge. I was at the Vendome when he
Wai stopping there, after his wife's death."
"Did Mr. Parker ever say anyth;ng to
you about being engaged to three women
at the same time?" was asked.
"Is that an evidence of insanity?" asked
Mr. Deimas.
"I tafce it that such a state of affairs, if
it existed, did not indicate very great
soundness of mind," answered Attorney
Cooean.
•Well, just go ahead," retorted Mr.
Deimas; "I will not object to the ques
tion."
"Mr. Perker told me that he wu en
gaged to widow named McCracken in Ala
meda," said the witness. "He said he was
going to build a tine home, where he could
Lave a good time, plenty of entertain
ment, beer, lots of young "girls and no old
cranks. He intended, he said, to have the
house brilliantly lighted up every night.
The other lady that he was engaged to
lived in San Jose. He could not decide
■which he would take, and there was still
another one in Chicago that he knew he
could marry. He said he would go on
there first and see her before deciding
about marriage.
"I saw Mr. Parker before he went East,
in 1893. He then said his head troubled
him very much. He seemed afraid he
was going crazy. Reference was made by
him at the time to a report that he had
received that bis son was ill and had gone
to Bermuda. His sisier, Jane, wrote and
Baid tlaere was nothing in the report that
Ed Parker was ill. He said he was going
East and was goincr to take Marshall Pom
eroy with him, as his memory was bad
and he had to have somebody to help him
remember things, as they went from him
as soon as he heard them. I met Jane
Pomeroy in San Francisco when she first
came to California, and afterward we cor
responded together.
" The first letter I received from her was
a week after Mrs. Delia Parker died. The
letters were written by Jane Pomeroy
from Hartford, Conn. In 1893 I went to
Jersey City and from there wrote to Mrs.
Jane Pomeroy and received a response
from her. In consequence of her letter I
went to Hartford and saw Noah and Jane
Pomerov home. There I unexpectedly
found Mr. Parker. He and I visited Delia
Parker's grave. On our return in a car
riage, he said he was going homo as soon
as he could, as he had been nagged about
his wlli. He declared that he was tired of
thia and he wanted to eet somewhere
by himself, where he could do as he
pleased and fix his will to his own liking.
He said he had not been able to fix his
will to his own liking at first. Marshall
Pomeroy was also at Hartford at the time.
"I remained at the home of the Pome
roys that night. They had a spiritualist
circle there that night and a darky named
Joe was the medium. Mr. Parker and Mrs.
Pomeroy told me that tbe colored man
was the medium. He went under control
and pretended to be tbe spirit of G. H.
Parker's mother and also of his wife. On
the afternoon of that day I had a conver
sation with Mr. Parker. He said he had
been to Cottage City and found his son Ed
yerv ill. He wanted me to to to see Ed,
and he wanted me to see his son and his
wife and see what I thought of her. He
■aid sbe seemed ali right to him.
"He once told me, re-umed the wit
ness, "that be had visited Fred Evans, a
slate-writer, at San Francisco. He came
into my house and threw his coat upon
the lounge. He banded me a pair of
slates upon which there was a message.
He asked me to look over the writing and
Bee what I thought of it."
The witness was then banded tbe slates
that bad already been introduced in evi
dence. She was not positive, but she
thought they were the same as Mr. Parker
had nhown her at that time.
"fie asked me," continued the witness,
"to compare some of his wife's writing
with tUat on the slates. I said tbe signa
ture on the slates looked something like
that of Mrs. Parker. He then said he
would go crazy, and went into the bath
room and let the water run on his bare
feet. I took him out of the bathroom for
fear he would take cold. I dried his feet
I and gave him Borne dry socks. Before be
went to bed he called for some whisky. I
; gave him some in a jrla<=s from a bottle
and he said it was a weak dose. After
ward he drank lorae more, and by morn
ing the bottle was pretty weil emptied.
"Sbortlj after bis wife' 3 death, Mr.
Parker said that he wanted what he had
accumulated to go to his own flesh and
blood— his son. I once had a talk with
George H. Parker in regard to what my
brother wrote me from the Ea*t regarding
Ed Parker. I told him that I could not
understand why such a feeling against Ed
Parker existed, as my brother told me
tLiat his son and his wife were in good so
ciety in Hartford, and that she was a good
singer and was frequently heard at fine
entertainments. My brother, in his let
ter to me, said he had been at Ed Parker's
house and be had been well impressed
with him and his wife.
"I once told G. H. Parker," said the
witness, "that his wife was good and
economical, and that be ought to furnish
her ail the money and clothing she
needed and let other women alone. He
replied that he did not care anything
about his wife, and that he did not marry
her because he loved her; he married her,
he said, for a housekeeper and companion,
as she would do as well as any one else for
that purpose. He once said he did not
tie up to his wife and would be glad if he
could see her in her coffin. He said he
was very fond of young women.
"After his wife's death he said he was in
distress and he never knew what his '
wife's beauty w.is till he saw her in her |
coffin. He had, he said, during her life- j
time called her Beauty because sne was so ;
homely. The tears came to his eyes when 1
he spoke of his wife's goodness. That
was after her death."
Mr>. Law occupied the stand the entire '
day, and her deafness made the taking of
testimony very difficult and slow. Her !
testimony was not finished, and she will '
resume her story to-morrow morning.
EUREKA'S FAVORITE SON,
Frank McGowan a Candidate for
Congressional Honors in His
District.
■ Has the Backing of the Republican
Leaders in Humboldt
County.
EUREKA, Cal., May 25.— 1n to-mor
, row's Times Hon. Frank McGowan, State
j Senator from this district, will announce
that he is a candidate before the Repub
lican Congressional Convention for Repre
sentative from the First Congressional
District. News of the announcement,
while it causes little surprise, is received
with general approval by party leaders
here. Humboldt County desires a man to
look after her needs, and none is more
conspicuous in his record of public service
and popularity than Frank McGowan.
McGowan is 35 year? of age and a native
of the State of Washington. He was edu
cated in the public schools. In 11-*';I 1 -*'; he
was admitted to practice and in 1886 was
elected to the Assembly. Then came the
first Senatorial race, in which he defeated
Hon. J. P. Haynes, Humboldt's veteran
Judge. A second term as Ktate Senator
was won over Al Stimson. McGowan ban
! been chairman of the Senate Judiciary
i Committee for six years. He is the author
of the pure butter act, the act giving pref
erence to ex-Union soldiers, the county
high school act and many others of im
portance.
If McGowan has any hobbies they are
the protection of American industries and
tha restriction of foreign immigration. He
is a biraetallist and enthusiastic in sup-!
port of the Nicaragua Canal project.
As a public speaker McQowan ranks
among the foremost in the State. In the
social orders to which he belongs he stands
high, being past grand chanceilor of the j
Knights of Pythias, a prominent Odd j
Hon. Frank MoGowan, Who Has Announced Hl m *«lf as a Candidate for Congress.
Fellow and a member of the Sons of
Veterans.
MISSING FROM POCATELLO.
Fears That the Members of a Fishing
Party Have Been Captured by
Bannock Indiana.
POCATELLO, Ipaho, May 25.— Great
anxiety is felt in this city to-mgbt over
the continued absence of a fishing party
of seven employes in the mechanical de
partment of the Union Pacific Railway.
They left on Saturday morning for tbe
bottoms on the Fort Hall reservation, ex
pecting to return on Sunday. It is feared
the treacbero us Bannocks have captured
them, as it is known that these
Indians are biding their time to
avenge the death of their comrades last
summer in Jackson Hole.
An prraed posse icft late last night for
th 6 fishing grounds in search of the miss
ing party, and if it is unsuccessful several
parties will start at daylight. A courier
has been sent to the Indiarj agency at
Ross Fork to ascertain if any intelligence
has been received there.
Xule RU-tr IHatrict Strife.
VIBALIA, Oai.., May 25.— An injunction
has been issued by Judge Gray restraining
George S. Owen, collector of the Tule
River Irrigation District, from proceeding
with the sale of property within the dis
trict upon which the irrigation taxes are
delinquent. The injunction was issued at
the instance of Chris Floter of Woodville.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
GRADUATES PAVE
STANFORD'S COURT
The '96 Class Plate Laid
at the Entrance to
the Chapel.
NOVEL IDEA OF SENIORS
Each Retiring Class Will Add
a Brass Block to the
Pavement
IRWIN'B FARCE PRESENTED.
Students About to Finish Their Work
Participate in a Final
Celebration.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
; 25. — The senior class day programme
.opened this morning with the farce en-
I titled "An Intercollegiate Affair," written
by W. H. Irwin '98. At 10 o'clock the
Encina Gymnasium was fully occupied,
' and tbe clever farce proved a most enjoy
able diversion. It was local in its founda
! tion, and all the situations could be nnder
; stood and appreciated by the audience.
Many "joshes' 1 were got off on those who
have attracted attention by their pecu-
I liarities.
The first act was laid in tbe lobby of
| Encina Hall on a Saturday evening; the
; second in tne laboratory of sporadic mi
crophology on the following Monday after
noon, and the final act in the quadrangle
!on the same evening. The scenery was
excellent and was well arranged.
The plot of tbe play in brief is as follows:
Ned Evans, a Berkeley student, is in love
with a Stanford co-ed— Nell Holton — tbe
daughter of a minister. Evans' reputa
tion is not up to a minister's ideal on the
temperance question, and the father ob
-1 jects violently to his paying any attention
jto NelL Ned wired Latham, his Stanford
friend, that he is coming down 10 Stanford
to fix things up with his sweetheart, and
; by mistake Latham receives another dis
! patch addressed to Dr. Jordan from a
; newly engaged professor in microphology,
; statting that the latter cannot arrive with
, in a week of tbe time at which he is ex
; pected. In the meantime Nell's father
' makes an unexpected visit to Stanford to
; see his daughter, and it begins to look as
| though Ned would be unable to see Neil,
I especially if her pious father knew of his
arrival.
A brilliant thought strikes Latham ; he
insists that his friend Ned shall imper
sonate the expected professor in micro
-1 phology, and as such be is introduced to
the minister, who takes a great liking to
him. The mistakes which Ned makes in
the classroom, notwithstanding the watch
! fulness of Latham, who has been ap-
I pointed his assistant in the laboratory
j and does understand something of micro-
I phology, are ludicroua.
In the meantime, tbe new professor
arrives and Ned is forced to declare him
self, or, rather, does so voluntarily ; and,
as a result, he seems in a fair way to have
his chances ruined on account of his de
ception, when Latham again comes to his
aid and induces tbe old man to consent to
Nea as a son-in-law.
The acting of those who took part was
excellent— especially H. H. Brown as La
tham and Miss Martin as Nell. Baldwin
played his part well; in fact, no fauit could
possibly be found with the characters in
any particular. Following was the cast:
Jack Latham H. H. Brown
Tom f*tone (Jack's chain) M. A. Folsom
>"el Kvans(of Berkeley) G. I. Baldwin
Key. 1). Ilolion (Yale '64).. .. Benjamin K. Bledsoe
J. Wilson Wlikins (Stanford '98), official col
lector of everything: H. S. nicks
Fred Simpson (dweller In Knclna) U. W. Ktter
Sam .^licer 1
Louis Lancet.... 1 Student* In sporadic micro-
Minnie Microbe, f pholory.
Lottie Lenz J
Nell Holton .....Miss Anne Martin
Hossio i'reshe Sarah Conmock
M&'.llda 1'r1m.... Miss A. Kohler
The Telegraph Girl Miss V. Lord
In the afternoon the senior class met in
the quadrangle for the annual clas» exer
cises. Last year the "Pioneer" class es
tablished the precedent of dedicating r,
brass plate, which was affixed to the '95
tree. This year's graduates determined to
outdo their predecessors and obtained the
permission of the university authorities to
take up one of the concrete blocks in the
corridor of the quadrangle at the entrance
of the Stanford Chapel that is to be and
substitute for it a brass block, with the
class figures, '96, molded therein. It is the
intention to take up one of the concrete
blocks each year ana allow tbe students of
the Graduating class to follow the prece
dent established by '96.
A very unique programme bad been pre
pared. President R. L. Wilbur o! the class
opened the exercises in a short speech,
stating the expectations of tbe class in
originating such a precedent and tbe right
of the class to enjoy distinction as such
originator.
The "Class History," written by Miss
Grace E. Clark, was read by John Gregory.
It contained a brief review of the achieve
ments of tbe class in university affairs;
\h» record, on tne track, in football, base
ball and kindred sports; the memorable
accomplishments of certain cf its mem
bers; the work of ' 96 classmen on the col
lege papers and in intercollegiate debates,
and from these records asked the audience
to judge of the graduating class.
Professor Earl Barnes addressed the
class. He characterized ti;e graduation of
student* a? tLe greatest examination in a
student's life and one too often not appre
ciated or understood.
"The greatest good that can come to us
from our four years' association here,"
said Professor Barnes, "is self-understand
ing—a rational self-consciousness, tem
pered and sweetened with faith and hope.
Self-knowledge is the first requisite to sane
living."
Professor Earl Barnes exhorted tbe
graduates to remember that the only safe
shelter under which a man or woman
could rest in law was recognition of tbe
never-changing will of the Omnipotent
Ruler of the universe, for the discovery ana
furtherance of which tne Stanford Univer
sity was founded and maintained. Pro
feesor Barnes then illustrated the neces
sity of having one's real companions — the
invisible intimates cf tne soul — shown
from the study of the world's neroes or
their work in t c spirit of art and liter
ature. Unless the student showed a fair
degree of proficiency in power to love he
was unworthy of graduation, for it was
that which gave the right to man to lead
men.
"Love is a finer sort of understanding;
it makes possible tbe appreciation of all
that is elevating and inspiring," he said.
The class song written by J. A. Tucker
to the tune of "Vive la Campagnie" was
sung at the conclusion of Professor
Barnes' address, and Mr. Tucker read the
"Last Will and Testament" of the class,
in which, with all legal form and cere
mony, they bequeathed to under-classes
or under-cfassmen all the things on which
"joshes" have been got off to a point
a<J nauseam. The will was very humorous
and elicited great applause.
H. H. Brown unveiled the plate and de
livered the finest address of the afternoon. '
W. H. Invln
of Stanford University, '98.
"In a few short hours we go out into the
world to line up with our predecessors, to
begin our career as alumni. Whether we
prove worthy members, whether we suc
ceed or fail, depends largely upon what
we have or have not done in college," said
he.
The speaker compared the student to
the tree which grew as it was inclined
while still a twig. A comparison was
drawn between tbe inducements at older
institutions and at Stanford, "where
everything is new, unique and wholesome
and a new die is brought to bear on
student life and a new type goes forth."
The speaker did not believe that if a grad
uate left with the Stanford impression and
filled with the Stanford sentiment he
would fail. He continued:
"Tbe '96 plate to the donors marts a be
ginning and an ending. College days are
over, and '96 must pitch into tbe rough
and tumble of life. But in a sense it will
be history repeating itself. The period
icity of college life will recur to mark the
stages of after life. To-morrow we will be
freshmen again. U'e =hall be looked upon
as uncouth, untried. We shall be laughed
at and imposed upon ; be rebuffed and dis
appointed. We shall pass again through
tne sophomore, the junior and tbe senior
periods to the conclusion of full, eventful
and intense lives."
The speaker described the expectation of
the '96 class in laying their first Btone, and
when tbe event had recurred for ninety
successive years tbe last of '96 classmen
would have passed away.
"As years go by this line of class blocks
will have swept down the arcade: genera
tions will have come and gone, for a cen
tury is a short apace in the life of an insti
tution. But wben all memory of the
origination of this custom has passed into
oblivion, 'f'G will still remain embedded in
the rock."
Dr. Jordan in a neat talk accepted the
gift, and the exercises of the afternoon
closed with the college anthem.
MEMORIAL DAY FEATURES.
Order of Exercises at the National Cem-
tery, Pre«ldio.
John Tuttle, "W.R. Parnell, Isaac Onyon,
Joseph Simonson and E. A. Bullis, com
prisine the general Memorial day commit
tee of George H. Thomas Post, Q. A. R.,
met last evening at the residence of Post
Commander A. J. Vining, 2112 Pine street,
and adopted a programme of exercises to
be observed May 30.
Irving M. Scott's acceptance of the In
vitation to deliver the address at the Na
tional Cemetery was received.
Edwin Bonnell, speaking for the Cali
fornia Sons of the American Revolution,
signified acceptance of an invitation to
attend.
General Graham, U. 3. A., commanding
at tfie Presidio, wrote tnat he would be
glad to render the Thomas Post all the
assistance in his power.
The following programme was adopted:
Members of the post will assemble on Presidio
p&rade fleld at 9-30 a. M.
Column will move at 10 a, X. sharp in this
order:
Fifth Artillery band, Fifth United States
Artiflery, five batteries, General W. M.
Graham.
First Regiment, National Guard of California,
Colonel William Macdonald.
Nttvnl Battalion, N\ G. C, Lieutenant-Com
mander L. H. Turner.
Sons of American Revolution.
George H. Thomas No. 2, O. A. R., A. J.
Vinir.p, commander.
Valentine lioit Society of Sons and
Daughters of the American Revolution.
Children of the public schools.
Quests in carriages.
At the cemetery the exercises will con
sist of the decoration of the graves by
school children, while minute- guns are
fired.
The other exercises will be as follows:
Overture— Fifth Artillery Band, Frederick
Frank, leader.
Introductory address— Post Commander Vin
ing.
Prayer— J. A. Cruzan, departmental chap
lain.
Vocal music— Knickerbocker quartet.
Lincoln's Gettysburg address— Mrs. Nellie
Holbrook Blinn.
Music— Band.
Oration— lrving M. Scott.
Music— Knickerbocker quartet.
Music— Fifth Artillery band.
In response to a letter from T. H. Good
man Superintendent McLaren of Golden
Gate Park said all the flowers desired
would be readily supplied.
Early on the morning of May 30 ladies
of Seven Pines Circle will place on each
, grave a wire basket of cut flowers.
On Friday, after 10 o'clock, the ladies
will assemble at Red Men's Hall, 320
Post street, to receive flomi contributions
and prepare wreaths.
ORANGE COUNTY
WATER BIGHTS,
Land-Owners Deprived of the
Supply From Santiago
Creek.
LARGE TRACT AFFECTED
The Irvine Company Declared
the Owner of Irrigation
Privileges.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC 10SES LAND
Judge Ross of Los Angeles Decides a
Case Relating to Grants
and Patents.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 25.— Judge
Ross of the United States Circuit Court
this morning filed an opinion of great im
portance, affecting the water privilege fo
R. L. Wilbur, President of the Gradu
ating Class at Stanford.
about 60,000 acres of as fine land as South
ern California possesses. The case is that
of the Irvine Company vs. John S. Bond
et al., wherein the court overruled the
plea of the defendants, with leave to
answer. It is a suit in equity brought by
tbe complainant, a corporation organized
under the laws of West Virginia, aeainst
a large number of citizens of California to
procure a decree qnieting the complain
ant's right of way to the waters of Santi
ago Creek in Orange County, and an in
junction enjoining the defendants from
interfering with the waters or its dams,
flumes and ditches.
The complainant based its right upon
its alleged ownership of the- rancho Lomas
de Santiago in Orange County, containing
48,000 acres ot land, and an adjoining tract
of 12,000 acres of the ranch Santiago de
Santa Ana, through which latter tract the
Santiago Creek runs in its natural chan
nel, and riparian to which, it is averred,
are all the lands owned by the com
plainant
The Judge said that tbe allegation that
Irvine fled from Orange County to avoid
service in an action brought in the Orange
County Superior Court, and remained in
hiding until after he had executed the
deed in question, is not trne. In view of
the testimony he holds that he would not
be justified in deciding that the convey
ance made by James Irvine to the com
plainant company was fictitious and not
real.
Judge Ross also filed an opinion to-day
in the case of the United Slates vs. tbe
Southern Pacific Railroad Company and
E. M. Wright. This is a case in which
certain lands were patented by the United
States to the raiiroad and were also
claimed by the State as school land.
Wright had a deed from the railroad and
also a patent from the State of California.
The court held that the land did not pass
under the railroad grant, nor by reason of
the fact that the State had selected tne
land as school land; and further that the
land was not granted to the State for tbe
reason that the State's selection had not
been approved by the Department of the
Interior.
The court therefore entered a decree in
favor of the Government against the title
held under the railroad and that held un
der the State,
THE POENTE MURDER.
PoHtmattrr Hayes' Life Had Keen Threat-
ened by thn Mings Brother*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 25.— The case
of the People vs. George and B. W.
Mings, brothers, charged with the murder
of Postmaster John Hayes at Pnente on
April 9, was called this morning. One
affidavit was by Detective Burns, who
stated that only a few days ago he ob
tained information that made a man
named Clark a material witness, and if
time could be gained he would be able to
produce Clark.
The prosecution expects to show by
Clark that a lew days before John Hayes
was shot in his store by niasKed men
Clark had a talk with George Mings.
Clark asked Mings how ho was getting
along and the latter replied, "Very bad."
Mings said money was scarce, but that if
he could get into Tom Hayes' safe things
would be much better.
Judge Smith granted a continuance un
til to-morrow.
It is claimed that a mortgage for $2000
was held by Hayes against George Mings,
which was past due, and for which a new
note was made by Mings. The theory of
the prosecution is that this mortgage fur
nished the motive for the murder.
They say that a short time before the
murder Hayes lost the note, while the
mortgage was in his safe. The note was
found by a man who took it to Mings and
tried to sell it to him. He said it was of
no consequence unless he had the mort
gage. Tne prosecution claims that the
Mings boys did not know that the posses
sion of the mortgaee, which had been re
corded, would do them no good, but be
lieved that by securing that document and
the note they would be able to wipe out
the debt.
Lewitton Shooting Affray.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., May 25—In a
fight at Lewiston between Frank Canfield
and Ad Hay last night Hay shot Canfield
through the head, the bullet lodging in
his lelt jaw. The wound is not fatal. Hay
came to town and surrendered to the
Sheriff. He was taken before ' Justice
Philbrook and released on bis own recog
nizance. He pleads self-defense.
»
CONVERTING SANTA ROSA.
The Equal Suffrage Leaders Open the
Campaign in Sonoma
County.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 25.— The
Woman's Suffrage mass-xeeting opened
here this afternoon at 3 o'clock in tbe M.
E. church. The meetings will continne
to-morrow afternoon and evening. The
women in charge are Misß Harriet May
Mills of New York and iliss Elizabeth U.
Yates of Maine, vrlio will be re-enforced
to-morrow by the Rev. Anna Shaw.
The afternoon meeting was opened with
an eloquent prayer by Rev. E. B. Ware.
After a short musical programme the Rev.
Mr. Ware delivered an address of wel
come. He said that he greatly enjoyed
the privilege of extending a welcome to
the first Women's Congress of Sonoma
County. Amons the many striking things
of this address of welcome was the speak
er's mention of the fact that his daughter
would graduate next November from one
of the ladies' seminaries of this State; that
employed at the seminary was a Chinese
cook, who, by reason of being born in Cali
fornia, would be a voter in November; but
the score or more ot bright young women
who would graduate that month, with all
the learning and accomplishments of
modern schooling, hotv about them?
Would the voters of California declare at
the polls next November that t!ie China
man was more entitled to suffrage than
those briliiant and accomplished young
American women?
"No," said the speaker, "there is too
much intelligence in California for tnat."
The witty divine compared the suf
frage movement to a train of cars, with An
thony and Shaw as conductors apd Yates
and Mills for tbe other train officials. The '
train traveled northward to Sacramento
and took aboard the G. O. P., he said,
and every Republican there was fur
nished with a reclining-chair. The next '
party procuring through tickets was the j
Populists. Then, steaming down to Stock- j
ton, the Prohibitionists cot safely on {
board, and, he declared, the Democrats ;
better be on time or they would get left-
Miss Mills addressed the convention
briefly. She said they were not new
women, and they presented no new ques
tions, but a contention which men had
died for in ail ages. Piato advocated
equality of the sexes and Abagail Adams j
pleaded for equal suffrage at the forma- j
tion of our constitution.
In speaking o! the press, Miss Mills said
that most papers were treating the move
ment fairly and the fact that one great
daily, living up to its motto and "speaking
for all" as the ban Francisco Call did in
its avowed championship of the suffrage
movement, was a mighty stride in the di
rection of equality.
A paper by Mrs. Dr. Thompson entitled,
"Do Wives and Mothers Need the Ballot?"
was a feature of the meeting and evoked
continued applause.
Many prominent men attended the even
ing session. Tne proceedings were opened
by the Rev. Mr. Hay den offering a prayer,
which was followed by R. W. Miller E"sq.,
in a etirring addn>s?.* Miss Hahman of
.Santa Rosa and Miss Alice Yates of San
Francisco sang and Mi.<s Van Davis of
Ohio delivered a recitation. Then followed
the principal event of the evening, tbe ad
dress of Miss Elizabeth Yates. Her talk
abounded in anecdotes and happy allu
sions, but at times her eloquent voice rang
with earnest indignation, when speaking
of the unjust laws of different States. She
spoke ot the laws excluding women from
a voice in her own Government, from the
Magna Charta to the eleventh amendment
to the constitution of California, and gave
many facts and figures concerning the op
eration of woman's suffrage laws in other
States.
MRS. BARRON LOSES.
A Motion for the TUtmitsal of the Will
Contest la Denied.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 25.— Judge Rey
nolds this afternoon denied the motion of
Attorney E. W. McK'.nstry on behalf of
Eva Rose Barron and her minor children
for a dismissal of the contest of the will of
Edward Barron, deceased, instituted by
George Barron, on the ground that this
widow and her minor children had not
been properly served with a citation.
Judge Lorigan concurred. The court
granted McKinstry thirty days in which
to file a bill of exceptions.
Committed to Aynetes Atylum.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 25.— Frank A.
Mansfield, an ex-Congregationalist min
ister, and recently a student at Stanford
University, was committed to Agnews In
sane Asylum by Judge Lorigan this after
noon. Mansfield imagines that a secret
society is persecuting him. He is a native
of Maine, 30 years of age and unmarried.
Foundered Off Toulon.
TOULON, Frasce, May 25.— The yacht
Pinson foundered off this port yesterday.
There were nineteen persons aboard of
her, four of whom were drowned before
assistance could reach them.
A HEALTH TO THE QUEEN.
Victoria's Seventy-Seventh Birth
day Patriotically Com
memorated.
Flattering Reference to the Battle
ship Oregon in the Toast of
" California."
God save our gracious Qoeen,
Long live our noble Queen,
God save the Queen.
Send her victorious,
Happy and glorious,
Long to reign over us,
God save the Queen.
With wine, speech and song twoscore
loyal Britons commemorated the seventy
seventh birthday of the Queen last night
at the anniversary dinner, given under
tbe auspices of the British Benevolent So
ciety in the Maple Hall of the Palace
Hotel.
The hall was decorated In a fitting man
ner, on three sides of the room being hung
together the British and American national
colors. Delicate ferns and sprays of pink
sweet peas ornamented the long banquet-
Ac half-past 7 the guests took their seats
at the board, where an elaborate menu was
served*
The toasts to the Queen, the President
of the United States, the Prince of Wales
and the royal family were drunk standing
by all present. The toast "California"
proposed by W. Doxey, president of the
benevolent society, was enthusiastically
received ''California is a young coun
try, said Mr. Doxey in his remarks, "but
in many respects it stands without a peer
in the whole world. The • beautiful gran
deur of the scenery of the country lying
within half a day's journey of San Fran
cisco is to my mind unsurpassed by any.
thing elsewhere.
"In the grand natural beauty of Mount
ramalpais. of Napa Valley, of the Sierras,
of Yosemite and Lake i'ahoe there is a
sousce of perpetual pleasure. Although
young, California has already made a
mark in science of which any country
might be proud. And the glorious tri
umpn she ■* has achieved within the
past fortnight in the construction of a
|reat ship, such as not all the East or
burope can match, makes me feel it a mat
ter to be proud of to be even an adopted
citizen of such a State." • •
Following is a complete list of the toasts
each of which was warmly applauded arri
interrupted by frequent cries of "Bravo I*
and "Hear, hear."
"The Queen"— Proposed by J. W. Warburton
the chairman. "Tbe President of the United
States"— Pro po«ed by the Chairman. "Princ«
of Wales and the Royal Family"—Pro
posed by the chairman. 'The Land We
Came From" — Proposed by the chair
man; response by Dr. W. F. McNutt.
'•Califoania"— Proposed by W. Doxey; response
byR. B. Forman. "The Merchant Service" —
Proposed by J. Wellesley Moore; response by
C&Dtain J. Metca.li. 'The British Benevo.
lent Society"— Proposed by w. B. Chap
man; response by the Rev. W. W. Boiton.
"The Ladies"— Proposed by F. D. Erandon;
response by William Balnaves. "The Press"—
Proposed bY J. F. McGauley. "The Chairman"—
Proposed C. F. Mullins.
HEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
CMLDBEITSID MISSES'
Underwear Sale,
The equa! of which has never been
seen on this coast.
AH of the following lines are broken
in sizes, hence the enormous reduc-
tion.
At 35c per Garment.
EGYPTIAN COTTON SHIRTS,
TIGHTS AND PANTALETTES,
former prices 65c, 75c and 85c
each,
Sale Price 35c Each.
ALL-WOOL SWISS RIBBED COM-
BINATION SUITS, fn small siz?s,
former price 75c per suit,
Sale Price 35c per Suit.
, ALL-WOOL SHIRTS AND PANTS,
former price 75c each,
Sale Price 35c Each.
PURE BILK IMPORTED SWISS
RIBBED SHIRTS, in small sizes,
former pi ice $1 each.
Sale Price 35c Each.
At 60c per Garment.
SILK AND LISLE MIXED, WOOL
MIXED AND ALL WOOL SHIRTS
AND PANTALETTES, former
prices $1, $1.25 anl 51. 50 each.
Sale Price 60c Each.
At 75c per Garment.
ALL-WOOL AND WOOL-MIXED
UNION SUITS, former prices
$1.50 and $2.00 per Suit.
Sale Price 75c per Suit.
PURE SILK IMPORTED SWISS
RIBBED SHIRTS, former price
$1 75 each,
Sale Price 75c Each.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
binTTeison,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 743 and 744 Market
Street.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SHE!
WEDNESDAY, HAY 27, 1896,
AT 19 O'CLOCK NOON,
SAN FRANCISCO
Pioneer Woolen Factory
Without Limit or Reserve.
Seven 50-Vara Lots at the head of
Van Ness Avenue, opposite the
Black Point Reservation.
Three Brick and one Frame Build-
ing.
One Four Story Brick Factory
Building, 64x383 feet.
49" Send or Call for Circular with all
detail* and description.
SHMWAID, BUCRBEE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS,
218-220 Montgomery St.
| MIT.I.S BUILDING.
ALL DISEASE IS CAUSED
BY MICROBES. •
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER
TS THE ONLT REMEDY YET DIS-
; -*- covered that purifies the blood by
killing: the microbes in the human
body without injury to the system,
hence it cures ALL DISEASES. This
has been proven In the District Court
lof Travis County, Texas ; Supreme
Court of New York City, and Correc-
tional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlet*. Microscopical Examlna-
i tions and all Information at main
office V.-: -.•:.•; ■"• .-i
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER COMPAH,
1340 Market St., San Francisco.
ifriiirs Mian Vegetal Pills
1 S O th led^ diby of persona who
Grossman's Specific Mixture
_?X. lth » th j£ remedy persons can cure themselves
; wunout the least exposure, change of diet, or
; change in application to business. The medial a*
j contains nothing that 13 of the least Injury to th»
i constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price *1 a
I bottle.OUTSIDERS WON PURSES
Four Out of Six of the Favorites
Beaten at the Track Yes
terday.
CHAKTRETJSE II IN QEEAT FORM
Coady on Thornhill Tcok a Most Op
portune Nap and Jack Richelieu
Beat Him Out.
The warm weather worked no material
change for the better in the performances
of the first choices in the betting at the
track. On the contrary the outsiders,
who have more than been holding their
own of late, appear to have been benefited
to a still greater degree by the rise of the
mercury. The joints of four out of fire of
the favorites were as stiff as ever. Specu
lation for the first day of the week was
ripe; the crowd, which was of very fair
proportions, j?rew warm, hot and "sore"
at different stages, and after accounts had
been rounded up at the close of the day,
the bookie was just a little winner.
The seven-furlong handicap called out
the best field of the day. Chartreuse II
was backed down irom 2)4 to an 11 to 5
choice, and, in front most of the way, won
galloping by three lengths in 1:27. A
strong tip was out on Thelma, causing her
odds to tumble from 5 to 3, and although
finishing in the place was never able to
press the winner.
Articus, who seems to be regaining his
old form, scored again in the openine race,
a six furlong selling affair with a field ot
ten starting. Allowed to reach the false
price of 12 to 1, he was played down at the
last moment to 6. Off in front he led for a
way, when he fell back in the bunch, but
came through in the stretch and won
handily at the wire, a length before Elmer
F, who with Coda and Mollie E. was one of
the short ones in the betting.
Alter having the second event, a mile
selling dash, won, Thornhill was nipped
out by the 20 to 1 shot Jack Richelieu. The
bald-faced colt, who went to the post a
slight favorite over Long Lady, drew away
from the latter mare when squared away
for home, and to all appearances had the
race well in hand. When opposite the
paddock Coady grew careless, and Jack
KiChelieu, coming with a rush, beat him
out a short nose in a driving finish. Her
manita finished a good third.
BookmaKer Humphrey's mare Hearts
ease had a slight call in the betting on the
next race at rive and a half furlongs, but
ran unplaced. Moiven, the 3H to 1 sec
ond choice, shook off his field in the
stretch and won very easily, with Ricardo
in the place, three parts of a length before
Mount Roy.
The handsome mare Marjorie opened an
even-money chance for the five and a half
furlong dash that followed the handicap,
but a report being circulated that she was
lame sent her odds back to 2% to 1. There
was then a stiff play on her, and at post
time 7to 5 was the best obtainable. She
passed Durango, who cut out the running
to the stretch, and at the finish won easily
by four lengths. Rey Alta came strong at
the end, taking the place from O'Fleeta by
a head.
The old strawberry sprinter, Tim
Murphy, the 4 to 5 favorite for the final
six-furlong sprint, was unfortunate in
getting away from the post poorly, to
which fact can probably be attributed his
detest. Veragua, an outsider, got away in
the lead and showed the wav to the
Etretcn, when Rebellion, getting" through
next the rail, gradually forged to the front
and, ridden out, was a length in advance
of the outsider at the wire. The favorite
blade a line run from the far rear, being
beaten lor the place but a neck.
TEACZ AHD PADDOCK ITEMS.
The entries for the closing day's races
will close at 9 a. m. to-day, and no horse
will be allowed to be scratched after 10
o'clock.
George J. Common, the well-known
auction poolseller, left for Denver, Colo.,
last evening. Mr. Common will sell pools
in Denver on the Overland Park events,
when he will leave for Montana, and his
silvery voice will be heard over the North
ern circuit.
Judging from the time, 1:43, for the
mile race purloined by Jack Richelien,
'twas indeed a "Midsummer's Night
Dream" that Coady toot on the back of
the favorite. Thornhill. After a time peo
ple will begin to think that there really
was some cause fox the judges' suspension
ot Coady for that highly perfumed riae ne
made on Cabrillo some weeks at;o.
Walt Vivell, the careful handler of Phil
Archibald's string, appears to have that
turfman's horses in great shape just at
present. Articus and Charles A have
landed the coin at long odds.
The following is the programme of
events for the closing day of the Bay Dis
trict: Six-furlong selling dash; one-mile
purse, inside course; six-fnrlong selling
dash; five-furiong selling dash; one and
a quarter miles hurdle handicap. The
principal event of the day will be the
Farewell handicap. witU the following list
of entries: Cabrillo lib, All Over 110, St.
Lee 108, Rey del Bandidos 107. Yankee
Doodle 108. Peter II 98, Peru 107, Senator
Biand 92, Fullerton Lass 100, Wawona 98,
Nebuchadnezzar 94, Strathflower 100. In
addition to the purse the winner of the
above event will receive a silver cup. com
memorative of the closing of the old track.
The following starters nave been named
for the tnree-mile selling event: Duchess
of Milpitas 84, Sleeping Child 82, Thorn
hill 102, Uncle Giles 100, imp. Ivy 104, Miss
Garvin SO.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Movem enti of Professionals— San Jose
Road Club Oinbaiule \
There has been considerable speculation
as to what California riders would follow
the National circuit, and not until ye&ter
day was it generally known who they
would be. Ziegler is now in the East, and
C. 8. Wells and W. A. Terrill of the Bay
City Wheelmen, F. A. McFarland of San
Jose, C. R. Coulter, Olympic Club Wheel
men, together with Winsett, Parker,
Schefski. the Eastern riders. W. J. Stack
pole, their trainer, and F. Ed Spoouer,
correspondent, went south last night to
Los Angeles, and after riding there on May
30 the men will go directly East. H, E.
Mcfrea, whose home is in Los Angeles,
went with them, but will return shortly.
W. W. Uatton and W. J. Evans, R. E.
Dow and O. L. Pickard will co to San Jose
to try for some paced records. Wilbur J.
Edwards of San JoSe will undoubtedly fol
low the National circuit, but does not in
lend to go for two or three weeks, as he is
out of condition. It is hardly likely that
he will race here in the meantime, how
ever. Foster, Jones. John E. Edwards.
Harry Terrill, Oscar Osen and some other
fast local professionals will remain on the
coast., and as there will be constant addi
tions to the class from the fastest of the
amateurs, the absence of the others will
scarcely be noticed.
Oscar Osen suffered a severe fall at
Souther Farm, near San Leandro. Sunday,
in some races which were got up for the
fun of the thing by a party of Olympics,
Garden Citys and BAy Citys, who were
picnicking there on a joint rim. It will be
a week or more before he will be about
again.
PJntries for the Alpha Oadie.s') Cycling
Club race meet at Central Park next Sat
urday will close at the park to-day. The
events will be a one-mile scratch, one-mile
handicap and a one-mile consolation, in
the amateur class, and a half mile
scratch and a one-mile handicap profes- j
sional. The prize list is valuable and all
the fast local men will compete.
after c a b l P fp J °f Se , Road Club has disbanded
alter a life » of four years. It has been
Sf, un ,! ortu na c in the giving of race
meets, theatricals, etc., and lost heavily
on all such ventures. Of the club's crack
riders Ziegler has joined the Garden Citvs,
wii f fr a iTM th . c Oly t. m icB ' and the others
™ pr<^, ably ]° ln the home club.
„ The Olympic Club Wheelmen will hold
a meeting this evening. The OvcJe Eoard
™I*.? c committee on good roads will be
present nd address the meeting.
in£ b fu ty £ clin g Club will probably
join with the Californias shortly, making
the latter a very strong organization.
CRONIN'S BABY GIRL.
She Oi«. a While Her Father la in Prison
on a Charge of Disturbing
the Peace.
A pathetic incident occurred at the City
Prison on Sunday afternoon. James Cro
nin, a hardworking teamster living at 936
Harrison street, was arrested late Satur
day night by Policemen O'Keefe and
Lynch for disturbing the peace, He was
taken to the Southern station, and being
unable to procure bail was locked up for
the night. Yesterday morning he was re
moved with other prisoners to the City
Prison.
Yesterday afternoon a friend called at
the prison to see him and conveyed the
sad news that his baby girl had died during
the night and his wife was prostrated.
Cronin broke down and begged his friend
to get him out of prison. His friend hur
ried, to Judge Conlan's residence and told
the Judge the facts. He immediately
drove down to the prison and released Cro
nin on his own recognizance.
Cronin had only left the prison a few
minutes when a pretty little tot made her
appearance and asked if her papa was
there. She said his name was James Cro
nin and her baby sister had died and she
wanted to see her papa. When told that
he had gone home she toddled away as
fist as her little legs could carry her.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
(California Jockey Club's Spring; Meeting. Bay District Track. Twenty-second day. Mon
w day, May 25, i 896. Weather fine. Track good.
1 9Qft FIRST KACE— Six furlonss; selling: three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse «300.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. I 14 i/, A Btr. Fin. Jockeys. BeUln
(1204) JArticus. 5 114 3 7h 6% i"l 11 Hennessey ~6 6
1210 KlmerF,6 311 4 61 71 61 22 L. Lloyd 6-2 7-2
1191 Molließ.4 107 8 52 5% 21 32 Snider. ... 3 7-«
1231 Coda, 3 93 2 1% 1% 114 41* I. Johnson.. .'.'. 4 3
1209 I Miss P011ard,..3.. 95 6 21? 2T 4i 63^ Shepard ...".i 15 12
1218 iLinvtlle, a 11l 1 85 88 84 61 Russell "ilO 40
1226 Joe Cotton, a 11l i 6 4 2 4 1 62 7 8 Bozeman. 8 10
1228 ;Vir«!eA. 3 95 7 3h 3h 72 80 Frawley 6 6
606 Colleen Bawn. 3. . 95 9 1 9* 9 9 9 J. Brown.. 20 100
startlng-*ate used. Won hAdily. Winner, W. (_. Vlvell's b. h., by Areyie-Glenloch.
♦Fell to her knees.
Time, 1:153^.
]9QQ SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; parse 9300
Index, j Horse, ag«, weight. &t- H % % st* | Fin. I Jockeys. !! o BIHUn ci
1234 Jack Blchelleu, a.112 3I 42 3h 3 h 31 Th j Lloyd 15 12
(1225) Thornhlll.s 114 5| 31 lh 21 24 21% C0ady...... .". 8-5 2
1233 Hermanlta.4 105; 15 6 5 41 3 2 Martin. .."..". 5 5
1219 Long Lady, 3 87 2 11 21 1% IVi 45 *rawley. ..l'.".!.'.* 11-5 11-5
1184 DonCasar, 4 114 4 2h 41 4tT 6 6 [shields .■■■"l.'i 3 4
>;anli)K-Kate used.
1:43.
Won driving. Winner, J. Rogers' b. h., by imp. Great Tom-Envenom. Time,
1 "240 I HIRD BACJS— Five and a half furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; penalties; purse
Index. Horse, BbC, waighu St. |V* Va «4 Btr. Kin. Jockeys. oßeo Be " ln fi
("27) Morvpn, 5 112 1; 32 ~4 1 11 1~1 L. Lloyd 5-2 16-5
1219 .Hi.-ardo, 5 1121 tf 61 62 2 ifr 2 1 C.Weber .12 15
1230 Mt !:.-y,6 1121 4 lh 31 3h 32 Snider. 5 6
1-Jl9 Myrtle H, 3 95 3 2 1 lh 6 4^ Johnson. 7 7
USB Nervtao.4 109 i 7 6 1 6 1 7 5h coadv 30 °0
(12131 Last Chance. 5. ...112 2 71 7 8 61 Martin: 4 6
1222 Heart.«easo, 3 951 9 8 3 8 6 7 2 PickoU. ! 3 7-2
1236 Doubtful. 3 97! 8 9 9 9 82 i Butler. 16 la
1236 Road Warmer. 3- 97! 6| |4^ 2H£ 4 9 iFrawiey...".'": 6 8
starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, White <fc Clarke's b. g., by imp. Cheviot-Lurline. Time,
I*"*4l FOVRTK BACE— Seven furlongs: handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. Bt. V* 1$ % j str. Fin. Jockeys. Opf "'"Si.
1206 Chartreuse 11, 6.. 95 2 I 11 2 1 11% 12 ~1 'Hi, Piireott. bIo tTr
1029 The.ma.s 09 3 6% 6 4 121 2 Snider I 8 3
(1217) St. Lee, 3 loo! 1 6 5% »Vi 31 3-i Johnson 6-2 18-5
(1218) Polaakl,s 80 6 2h 4% 6 4% 42 C?Col° 1' 20
1198 PeterUieSec'nd.4 90 5 31 lh 2h 6 56 Frawlev 112 is
(1230) George Miller, 6.. 110 4 41 31 31 62 6 iW. Carroli '■'..".' | 3 5
TI Sta { t .!jy ! " gate nsed * on easily. Winner, J. C Humphrey's eh. m., by Imp. Cheviot-imp. Zara,"
Str.
I
I
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. ci.
1242 £»£?£ *^J5r FlVe and * balf furlon s ! selllD *: three-year-olds and upward; penal
-*- "■ j-^d • ueSf purse •. iT-uu. -
Ind. Horse, age, weight. j St. {»4 | % I % str. Fin. Jockeys. | Betting.
_________ - ____ B ________ w __ ___ ' ! I # ci.
(1052) Mariorie.3. 95 2 8% 2~%" 51 lT"! Wilson 6^5 77
1194 Alia, 4 109 1 4 1 t,V 6 3 2h ißozeman 15 2
1222 O'Fleeta, 109 6 71 62 31 3h Berg™ 10 «
1207 DuranKO. 5 112 4 11 12 its, 42 HennesVv IS 2
1202 Big Chief, 3 99 7 5V 3 7 2 7% 6 2 Martin ' 12 M
1236 Banjo, 5 112 6 . 6Va 3% 41 61 I. Lloyd 15 «
1220 Silver State. 5.... lit) 3 2% if 51 76 Coadv 4 lit
1181 Gondola,6 110 9 9 81 85 82 W Slm 20 fin
.-■ v . |Bln»K.v«i,B 95! 8 81 9 9 9 BenneK?::. •.•;:;•. j2O jp
Stanlng-gate used. Won easily. Winner, F. Phillips' b. f., by Iroquols-Tarantula. Time, l:08y a l
Betting-
Op. Cl
]243. SIXTH R ACE-Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; conditions; purse WOO.
! I
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. y± y± *A \ Str.
I'.'Ou Rebellion. 3 991 8 3 2 3h 21 ~
(12:55) Veragua, 3 101 1 2 1 2 1
(1215) Tlrn Murphy, a. .111 6 « 42 H"
1231 Seaside, 5 109 4 4h 6h 5 114
1231 IXewMoon, 3 95 3 11 1 3Lt 41 I
1220 Johnny Capron,4 109! 2 6 1 6 6
Fin. Jockey. Op.
1 1 JMartln ~2
2i* Wilson. 10
3 3 "L. Lloyd 1
4 1 ISnider 10
6 8 JH. Brown 16
6 jEsptnosa 30
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
ttlng.
Cl.
20
7-10
16
20
60
us»d. Won easily. Winner, Oakland stable's eh. g., by Peel-imp. Mutiny. Time,
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day*s Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record »t the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are plven.
A obreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f.. fnrlong; •, about.
FXBBT RACE-SU furlongs; selling. "
Best ~ ~ ""
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1235 Warrago m " 99 Garden City stable. \Var k-Fedalma
105» |.llm torbett.... 113 W. H. Bowen Wildtrile-RarhaM
1236 Monaren 101 1:011/* 5f 106 F.. G. Grindell Ironclad-bv Bavswatur
1238 {LlnvllU ■ 11l 1:163,4 6f 108 Fa. Muuo A Ruy*. WarSick-snawi
1235 (Sweet Briar.... 89 no rec.| W. L. (Sullivan Ben AIl-Lady Mlddleton
1231 Lucky D 99 IE. J. Applebv Iprlnce Norfolk Kirn Umh
1252 j Uttle Touch.... 101 1:08% 6% f 101 F.. A. W. I.i!,dse> !«len Klm-rnknown
1227 'Carrol Conk.... II ?.~ :::::::: :::: :::: E. G. < B :::::::- !Kd Corr^an Ida?ene Cotton
I*B2 jMay Jones 85 J. J. Coulter IKylo-bv Joe Dinle"?
Owner.
Pedlirrse.
SECOND RACE-Half amlle: Belling; three year-olds.
Best I I I
Index.! Name. |Lbs record.] Dlst. tbs'Tk. !
Owner.
Pedigree,
1218 Dr. Martin 107 no rec - ....; Martin «McConnellKl Rio Key- Florence A
1216 Vanish 100 no reel .... iJ. Robbins King-Thomas ImnVlrti*.
12-23 «elore 105 :B0 l* m.. 97 F..1 Pueblo stable \\Mldldle?Ro«Vtte "
»?£ £SS2°« ] ,2 8 : :5 ° %n-10a F..IM. J Kelly Kwln^mp oH.
Uli •■;■ " iRK norec P.Mitchell Take Kotlce-Wnlsban
}},}?. M«Gl«ncola... lOOnorec E. Powe Take N'otJce-Glencola
121-' Viking IQ6 %m.. 103 F.. G. Wright Herald-Xl eena
THIRD RACE-Flve and a half furlongs; selling.
' ■■: ■• !
Index. l
Xame.
| Best I
Lbs -record. I Dlst. |Lbs J Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
WJt jfrepWiil 93 1:02 5f 99 F. .R. Hashes Brown Fox Trade Wind
,r.D 1 * Mnorec W. 1.. >ulliv an Ben AU-FrtaUnV d
J2?5 V, 1 ""^ 108 William Dlion Imp. 111-Charit*
1240 Iload W armer . . 95 m' ?! 94 F. . ft.^SUr.:-.::: Fran k Rh.md' Belle 7
iai !^g"^-.:::::!!}S!';'.;yl^.'.. ».' H ::i^,^'&::::::::;agfcs^;^-"
1.^03 fa>mp. Last..... up Austin <fc Co Fair Play-Sympathetic
FOURTH RACE-One mile; selling.
, I Beat ~ ~~" ~~
index. | Name. I.ba: Record Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Ped!j:re«. V'",%
M"OM if/ri'rTin 1 """'" ,21 2:00~ilV Bni8 ni 101 TT Elmwood sick frm. Irap. Brutus-Installaior
1 00 Hefl*Bovd ' J SS ? : ?2f4 7! « 1109I 109 »-"-i Cambridge .table.. Glen Elm-Red r;;"l
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACE— HIx furlongs; gelling.
Best
inflex^j >ame. |Lb 9 record. Dlsu |t,b§!Tk.
Owner.
P<>dl~ree.
'"•'0 Pe^kfnlff inS 09V * B% f 105 F... award Ip. Trne Briton-BI(t Bertba
;a la^as;::::" sliggiil-B«Yiia|g;:feafiSb~ : . wsaaajs;
SIXTH RACE-F ye and a half furlongs; selling.
ir.rli x.
| Beat ] . ; ; ; "
index. _ Name. v Lbs record. Dlst. I Lbs | Tic. Owner. V: Pedigree.
HVo MfcTßoP^ 110 J : «?i V4 W r JS2 S- testable jimp. Friar T.icc- 1 -ssTrR
»SS fifths ??£ ilSffi 24 i 1?? g SSIISWa?*- isSSiSS^w
(1210) Oregon Eclipse. 110,1 :16& 6? 11l & JLbSSUS::::: SwSmSltaxSS 1 "
Name.
Pedleree.
THE SAN FtfAyCISCO CAIiIi, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
AT THE CITY THEATERS,
Ada Rehan Appears as Helena in
" A Midsummer Night's
Dream."
" Metamora," After Many Years— New
Bill at Orpheum — Columbia and
Tivoli the Same.
In spite of (he heat there was almost a
full house at the Baldwin last night to see
the Daly Company produce "A Midsum
mer Night's Dream." It was when peo
ple were once packed away in the theater
that they realized how very hot it was,
and though the thermometer was not
quite high enough to kill enjoyment the
l state of the weather had no doubt a good
j deal to do with the languid nature of the
applause.
The Shakespearean fairy comedy was
given a graceful interpretation, pretty to
the eye and not nnpleasing to the ear, but
it cannot be said that the work showed
the Daly Company at its strongest. There
was too little of Ada Rehan and too much
of the fairies, sprites, etc., who flitted
about gracefully in a dim, religious light,
which, however," waß not dim enough to
hide the faot that not one of them was
able to dance, and an ideal impersonation
of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" de
mands good dancing.
The woodland scene was a very charm
ing bit of stage paintine, the colored lights
were skillfully manipulated, the dresses of
the fairies were beautiful and it was a
clever inspiration to furnish them with
tiny electric sparks, suggestive of fireflies,
but all these attractions would not quite
beguile one into forgettine that the mor
tals acted a good deal better than tne
fairies, that Miss Maud Winter's Titania
was partially inaudible and had no
tepsicorean ability, and that the music was
mediocre with the exceDtion of a pretty
rendering by the chorus of "I Know a
BanK."
Apart from the spectacular attractions
Ada Reban as Helena and James Lewis as
Bottom the Weaver were the most note
worthy features of the performance.
Rehari looked very handsome in her
Greek dress, and made her long speeches
charmingly.
James Lewis fairly reveled in the role of
the actor- weaver, who, like a Rood many
other amateurs, wants to take all the parts
in the play. The other Athenian players
were well impersonated by Edwin Stevens,
Herbert Gresuam, Sidney Herbert, Wil
liam Sampson and Robert Shepherd. Miss
May Young was good as Puck and the rest
of the cast was satisfactory.
At the Orpheum,
The Orpheum has a drawing card this
week in Papinta, who is described as
"queen of the myriad dance." - A myriad
is a little stretch of the imagination, but
Papinta dances before mirrors arranged in
such a way that she is multiplied ad in
iinituia. From the center of the house she
gives the effect of a full corps de ballet,
while from the sides vistas of Papintas are
seen to extend into , the distance in a way
that reminds one of the mirror maze on
the old Midway.
Papinta's methods are a good deal those
of Loie Fuller. She dances with her
hands even more than with her heels, for
much of her art consists in the skillful
manipulation of draperies, and she is ac
companied by a corps of electricians who
exhaust their skill in making her look
successively like a rainbow, a butterfly
and a mass of living flame.
In the first dance Papinta wears a
black dress and bonnet and pirouetes
about in a rainbow more gorgeous than
any of nature's own making. In her fire
dance she seems to be enveloped in a mass
of flame, and imaginative beholders al
most believed that her draperies are really
on fire. The last evolution of Papinla is
into a swirling mass of draperies that look
like butterflies' wings, and when the one
lone little woman finally appears, bowing
before the curtain, "clad in robes of virgin
white," it requires a stretch of the imagina
tion to believe that it was she alone who a
moment before was doing the whole ballet
act enveloped in all th«j colors of the
rainbow.
Of the other new performers McAvoy
and May endeared themselves exceedingly
to the gallery by their zeal and noise.
They shouted and stamped until they al
most melted and when they danced made
I more noise than a box factory. Extreme
exhaustion finally compelled them to
cease giving encores. Lizzie B. Raymond
is a good-looking young serio-comic who
is billed as America's popular vocalist,
etc., though her speech betrays her as
coming irom the banks of the Thames.
She has not very much voice but knows
her business and won encore after encore.
The house was quite touched by her sing
ing of "My Mother Was a Lady."
Golden, Chalfont and Golden, singers,
comedians, whistlers and yodlers proved
to be clever and entertaining and some of
the most popular of last week's performers
are held over. Altogether the bill is an
exceptionally good one.
The Grand Opera-Honse.
Not since Forrest produced it here twenty
three years ago was "Metamora" played in this
City until it was again staged lost night at the
Grand Opera-house, with Edmund Collier in
the role of the great Wampanoag chief. Col
lier, by tne way, wears the same buckskin suit
that Forrest wore for the chieftain's part. He
bought it from Forrest when he secured the
right to the play itself, and with the historical
suit he obtained a -weapon yet more historical,
the original scalpinfj-knifo of "Black Hawk,"
the Seminole chief, who presented the trophy
to Forrest.
The play, like our own California "Ramon*,"
makes the aboriginal a nobler stamp of man
and one more apt than we are wont to believe
the noble red man is in appearing as a
romantic character. Yet Collier takes the
part well and gives it life and interest with
out degenerating into the tragically awful.
Miss Lisle Leigh as Oceana, the daughter of
Mordaunt, assumes her role with a graceful
semblance to what might have been amoug
the Indians before the pale-faced brother
spoiled their poetic ways.
The other characters whose acting is deserv
ing of mention are Julia Blanc as Isahwaskee,
the wife of Metamora, and Fred J. Butler, E.
J. Holden and Eugene Moore, three English
settlers, between whom and the Indians war
and peace form the incidents of the plot. The
costumes are new and effective, as is also the
ncenery and the properties. The play is on for
this week.
At the Columbia.
During the pleasant nights with their temp
tation to car rides before and after the theater
and their accompaniment of a desire for some
j thing light, something trival, but withal a lit
-1 tie amusing, there is nothing on the boards
; just at present more appropriate for such a
i le-rling than "Miss Harum Scaruia," now in
i its second week at the Columbia. There have
j been better plays of its kind, but when a not
too critical audience wishes to be entertained
without being subjected to a mazy plot this
piece may cater to that.desire.
At the Tivoli.
As long as "Robinson Crusoe" and "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" are read just so long will the
human interest that attaches to these stories
continue deservedly to be a feature of common
amusement. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" began its
second week last night at the Tivoli and even
though the cast is in no respects exceptional a
fairly good audience was present to witness
what has proved to be the most long-lived play
yet founded on strictly American incidents.
======
Night Ballooning.
On account of the extremely delightful
weather prevailing the managers of the chutes
have abandoned their intention of keeping
the grounds closed during weekday evenines
and to-night will wituess a trrand 'reopening
At half past 9 o'clock Emil Markeberg will make
his first night ascension in this City, and the
course of his aerial ride and subsequent para
chute drop will be followed by the big search
light on top of thr chute tow.-r.
Iwa'wniw'urh'niißMgaOOK into your com-
plexion. See it is muddy, your .yes are
yellow, don't wait until your liver is en-
tirely disordered. Take a good bowel and
liver regulator, take
You will soon be as bright as sunshine.
TESTIMONIAL. \i;^l
The Edw. W. Joy Company— Gentlemen :
I am sure I do no wrong to my friends and
the general public in telling them what a
grand, good remedy Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla is, because Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla has done me so much good.
This remedy was highly recommended
to me by one who used it, and I can now
highly recommend it as I have used it.
(Signed)
HERBERT MENDENDALL,
Corner Locust and Santa Clara streets,
San Jose, Cal.
Concert at 8 o'clock to-night by Emporium Orchestra.
125,000 people heard our Concerts Saturday and were delighted.
San Francisco, May 26, 1896.
INSTANTANEOUS SUCCESS!
The most phenomenal shopping crowds ever gathered under one roof in Cali-
fornia. Tens of thousands of purchasing visitors attended the first day's selling at
the Emporium. An enormous force of clerks, but unable to properly handle the
business. More clerks to-morrow in the crowded departments.
GREAT SPECIAL INAUGURAL SALES
In the Men's Clothing Department. In the 'Boot and Shoe Department.
In the Millinery Department. M the Dress Goods Counters
In the Silk Section. In the Cloak and Suit Section.
One price— the lowest. For cash only. The same courteous treatment accorded to all.
PROGRAM FOR TO-U^IGHT.
1. {March, "Emporium" Marquardt
2. Overture, "Maritana" Wallace
j. Walt{, "Haensel and Gretel" Humperdinck
4. Harp Solo, "Chimes of Sidney" marquardt
(Mme. Breitshuck Marquardt)
5. Polka, "Lachtaubchen" Eilenberg
6. "Echoes from the Metropolitan Opera House" Beyer
7. Overture, "Poet and Peasant" Suppe
8. La Czarina Ganne
9. Cavatina R a ff
10. Waltz, "The Skaters" Waldteuffel
11. Fantasie, "Faust" Gounod
12. Galop, "Hungarian" Latann
$135 000 All made especially for The Emporium—
\\i ~Ju * Made to wear this season, therefore in
Worth OT the latest style of fabric and cut— Made
ClothlfiQ t0 sel l f rom February 1 5th on— selling
f M begins three months late — These goods
TOP Men priced accordingly. Not a shoddy suit
and BOYS m c c °Hection ; they are perfectly tai-
-7 lored, well fitting, dependable goods,
made for city trade. Mothers cannot afford to over-
look the Boys' Department
1111 %
At 59 00 — Men's Fine Business
Suits^ — All-Wool Scotch Cheviots, in-
visible checks, new and nobby plaids,
the colors brown and gray, single and
double breasted Sacks, perfectly tail-
ored, fit guaranteed. These are first-
class up-to-date suits in every respect,
and similar clothes cannot be pur-
chased edsewhere under $12 50.
At $3 50 — Boys' Golf Combination
Suits, all wool, made of new fancy
Oxford Gray Cheviots— an extra
pair of pants— a cap with each suit-
complete line of sizes from 6 to 15
years of age, lined with heavy Farmer
satin — a good value at $5 00.
At $3 50— These pretty little Middy
Suits for Boys 3 to 10 years of age-
cut exactly like picture — 3 rows braid
—trimmed on the wide sailor collar —
made of All-Wool Blue Serge— the
prettiest suit and the best value for
the money ever offered in this city.
At $2 75— Men's Ail-Wool Trou-
sers — This is a special line for the
inaugural sale in the Clothing De-
partment — a great variety of patterns
— striped pinhead Checks, Cassi-
meres and Cheviots — perfectly tail-
ored—sewed with silk — side and top
pockets.
TWENTIETH- **M&
_ ■■• — - Centum jj;"* . m *Mfi T>
Department
& J&^^^lwwn 1 street,
$AN ffcANCISCO, (ALIF
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.
' , At $2 60— Children's Zouave Suits,
made of all-wool mixed gray Cheviot
— jacket completely trimmed with
fancy braid — wide sailor — ages
3to 7. You have paid $4 for Chil-
dren s suits not as good as these.
At $20 — Nobby Box Overcoats,
made of the finest possible Covert
Cloth — lined throughout with silk —
patch pockets— strap seams. Sold
elsewhere at $27 50.
Hot- Weather In addition to the
r ,^^*^ extraordinary sell-
barments. i ng O belated
«»*3L Cloaks, Suits and
«£sM Separate Skirts
\**J? we offer to-day
r~ _^$\ — ,^. these three great
/^/K \\\\ specials in the
1/ v h lMi!',K» \ Suit Department :
\i fIA w/0 J) At i°c — 3000
I - -A WVi/ Soft -finish La-
v <^/~^>-^ dies' Percale Shirt
y^\yy^\ Waists — beauti-,
/ \ fully laundered —
.' . v large Bishop
sleeves— high turned-down collars-
matched yokes, etc.— soc will not
purchase as good a Waist elsewhere.
At 60c— Ladies' Calico Wrappers,
fast colors— lined— made with large
sleeves— plenty of material in the
skirts— real worth $1 00.
At $1 50— Duck Dresses— made of
heavy Golf Ducking — big sleeves —
wide skirts, Blazer Jackets— ln every
way a desirable $2 50 garment.
Curtain On second floor just above
rion't the ladies' — every
uep i. modern facility for exhibit-
ing Curtains.
We hang them while you wait,
so that you may judge as to how
they are going to look at home.
A large collection of Nottingham Cur-
tains. It is the patterns which count
in the Nottinghams, and these pat-
terns are all new and pretty. They
are full taped, and notwithstanding
the exceedingly low prices, are per-
fect in every particular.
At 65c— 3 . yards long, 46 inches
wide.
"At 75c— V/< yards long, 50 inches
wide.
. At $1 00—314 yards long, 54 inches
wide.
At $2 507- Fine Irish Point Cur-
tains, the kind you have been accus-
tomed to paying $4 the pair for.
Preliminary Such a gathering of
n; hi, «* the artistic creations
UlSpiay OT of the great milliners
Millinery. of Paris, London
' and New York has
t never before been
I^Jm shown in this
y/~- .*»_ l city-Great losses
CiVC/ to us of course in
V' a 1 Uv^ th's department
, ,'-^>;vS^\ owing to the late-
W^?is*scxr''*H ness of tne sea "
~-fc''-&*&&-^gA — Our milli-
hO *" «. nery m arked so
/** \?>r2rf low that any wo-
•t * % J/\ man can econom-
T~-*"f- ically become the
--I^-^.c^ possessor of an-
/>£ f/T other new hat,
* and a French one
at that. . •
Models from these Paris and London
milliners ; {Mons. Virot — Julia —
Hoys Soeurs — Felix — Mme. Louise—
Camille Rogers — (Mayer — Etc.
Opening Days all the -week.
Friday, May 29, Children's T>ay.
Saturday, May 50, Mourning Goods.
. .
Dressmaking '- h -f v v a f n -
Department. wen - known
r ■modiste.
Grand opening displays every day
this week of models by Felix— Dou-
cet — Sara Meyer — Fischer — Pingat — \
Pacquin — Randnit{ Worth.
Children's Dresses, Friday, {May 29.
{Mourning Dresses. Saturday, May
SO.
Black ne colossal stock in this
rtrW. department embraces all of
UrcSS the correct weaves for
Stuffs, mourning and dress cos-,
tumes. We append a few
items to illustrate values—
At 44c yard— 37-inch Figured Mo-
hair Beiber.
At 68c yard — 41-inch Wool Jac-
quard Novelties.
At 78c — 42-inch Boulette
Cloth, a new and novel Mohair
weave.
At 44c yard— so-inch Clay Worsted
Serge— it possesses appearance, com-
bined with intrinsic worth.
At 48c— Crepon Raye — 38 inches
wide — looks like the regular $1 cre-
pons.
Colored A beautiful stock pur-
r| chased for the depart-
uresS ment under the most fa-
FabriCS. v orab!e circumstances,
and at regular prices
would have precluded all competition.
The lateness of the season compels
us to assume great losses, and the
prices will be a revelation to the most
experienced shoppers.
Right Shoe A modern shoe-
r 11; store, the cheapest
pen my. anc j best shoestore
in San Francisco; bigger, in fact, than
any other two put together ; but its
size is nothing to you except that it
enables us to carry more styles and
more sizes and serve you better than
you can be served elsewhere; we can
prove it by prices and qualities like
these:
At $4— Men's fine calf shoes, with
either of these new stylish toes, the
Opera, Yale, Globe and Graham,
equal qualities of shoes are not sold
in other stores at less than $5.
At 53. 50— Men's fine hand-sewed
tan shoes, in the new Opera toe.
■ At $4™ Ladies' hand-turned shoes
in all the new shapes, made of the
finest quality of Vici Kid, exception-
ally fine fitting.
Men's Fine For our opening sale
i'ilm i4«^'.«^ * nree ' mes indica-
Underwear, tive of our bargain-
giving strength in this department.
At 95c the garment— Extra Weight
Derby Ribbed Silk-finished Under-
wear—the regular price 52.50 suit. '
At 95c the garment— Glastenbury
j All-wool Shirts and Drawers —
name tells the story of the qualities
and value— sold everywhere at $2.50
the suit.
At 75c the garment — Woolen Cash-
mere Shirts— silk finished and in cor-
rect colors. _____^____^_
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cai/l, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. . 6.00
Dally end Sunday Caia, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Viickklv Call, one year, by mail •• 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you polng to the country on a vacation? If
so, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXT.UA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
1 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-186*
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
. ' 617 Clay Street.
Telephone Ma!n-187*
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:80 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lamm street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
an til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
115 i^imh street: open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
©08 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
.Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY MAY 26. 1B9« j
THL CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The third term no longer confronts us
either as a condition or a theory.
Platt's expression of his attitude never
comes in the form of a platitude.
The Democratic Presidential bandwagon
continues to work like a durn peart.
It seems impossible to raise the wind in
Kansas without raiding the devil with it.
Ten chances to one the Czar's corona
tion manifesto will evade the silver ques
tion.
it is better to make sure of the home
market than to dy to others we know
not of.
Don't tain of dodge planks until you see
what the Chicago convention says about
the tariff.
This is »s good a week as any to join a
Republican club and make ready for the
campaign.
When we had a Republican tariff we did
not have to issue bonds to keep up the
gold reserve.
The goldbugs of the East are violating
all the conventions of politics in trying to
control all of them.
It wouldn't surprise anybody to learn
that Moscow has begun to think herself as
big a town as St. Louis.
Cleveland would hardly call back a Con
gress that has a bond-deal investigating
committee ready for action.
Men may make fun ot straddlers all
they please, but it is generally better to
straddle a ditch than to fall in it.
Cleveland is not a very big man, but as
long as he sits on the safety valve of the
National machine he is dangerous.
To-day tbe Czar will crown himself. All
the pomp and parade of Jast week was
done merely for advertising purposes.
Every man who resists the petty tyranny
of the transfer system fignts the battle of
the people and becomes a popular hero.
Some men are so faulty in their makeup
that when they wish to get even with the
world they resort to odd ways of doing it.
Make up your mind now that you -will
attend the memorial services on Decora
tion day and have a picnic some other
day.
The Republican candidate for the Presi
dency will stand on a platform made by
the party and not on one made by him
self.
Germany is to increase her military
force in South Africa, and the chances of a
ruction with the natives will increase
with it.
The gold Democrats of Chicago who are
talking of regenerating their party are
not to be blamed for thinking it needs the
gold cure.
Now that Alaska has had a convention
riot we may expect her to be putting in a
claim for statehood on the plea that she
is ripe for ft,
Although all the delegates to the St..
Louis convention were elected long ago
the first-ballot prophets are as much in
the woods as ever.
There seems to be something of a fatal
ity in every kind of fad. A young man
has just been murdered because ho had
12000 worth of rare stamps.
A few months ago Cleveland hoped a
nomination for another term, but he
would be well satisfied now if he were sure
of getting his party to indorse the present
one.
The silver Democrats are electing abont
all the delegates to the Chicago conven
tion, but up to date the gold men have
furnished all tbe leading candidates for
the Presidency. i
The Democrats in the Senate joined with
the Populists to defeat the revenue bill
passed by the Republicans of tne House,
and now they are howling that Congress
has done nothing.
Before this generation passes away one
of the vital questions of politics will be
whether government by Supreme Courts
is tbe best possible way of maintaining
republican institutions.
A celebration of the hoisting of the bear
flag will make a good prelude to the cele
bration of the hoisting of Old Giory, and
the Native Sons will find plenty of people
ready to help them whoop it up.
Tie greatest criminal of the age is a
most irrepressible and übiquitous rascal.
We have hardly had time to bury him un
der the name of Holmes before be turns
op in Salt Lake and calls himself Hermann.
It seems fairly certain we can have the
National convention of the Christian En
deavor societies held in this city in 1807 if
•we raise a fund of |25,000 to guarantee the
expenses, and iv comparison with the
benefits to be derived the amoiint is so
small there should be little difficulty in
raiting it in a short time.
A GOOD SOLUTION.
The ordinance passed to print by the
Supervisors dealing with tne transfer
check system of the Market-street Rail
way Company offers a satisfactory settle
ment of a controversy which for already
too long a time has disturbed the commu
nity and led occasionally to serious diffi
culties between passengers and officials of
the road.
The ordinance provides for the establish
ment of a transfer system that will give to
the people those facilities of streetcar
travel which are essential to public conve
nience. It does away with that highly
objectionable check system which has
been such a nuisance for weeks past.
This is nothing more than what the
people have a right to expect of the com
pany and what the Supervisors should in
justice ordain. At the same time the ordi
nance provides a means by which the in
terests of the company are protected from
the acts of thoughtless or dishonest people
who may have used transfers not for their
convenience in streetcar travel but to de
prive the company of a portion of its
rightful revenues.
The ordinance is so fair in its terms that
it was unanimously supported by the Su
pervisors and ought to be retarded with
equal favor by both the public and the
railway company. Tne controversy has
been a most irritating one on both sides,
and it is certainly for the general good that
it should be ended as speedily as possible.
The better class of people in San Fran
cisco have never had any desire to cinch
the company or to deal unjustly with it.
The proposed ordinance comes as a good
solution for the whole problem involved
in this conflict, and if it is accepted in the
right spirit by the public and the com
pany the controversy wiil be satisfactorily
settled and the incident closed,
ALREADY PROVIDED FOR.
On June 2 a convention of commercial,
manufacturing, labor and agricultural
organizations will be held in Detroit,
Mich., to consider how best tbe tariff
question can be relieved of the handicap
of partisan politics and made a matter of
public concern independent of political
parties — in other words, to Americanize it
as a purely business proposition. The call
fora convention assumes as a fact that
every business interest of this country
needs protective legislation in some meas
ure, but to arrive at a true basis tbe ques
tion will have to be freed from party
politics and treated as an economic
problem.
Enough is known of what is expected to
be accomplished to warrant the belief that
the convention will hold that protection
is essential to the United States, and that
free trade on the one hand, and laws
that prohibit foreign competition in any.
event on the other, are not only
diametrically opposed to the funda
mental principles of the Government,
but that the one is as hurtful to
the country as the other, and therefore
both should be battled against as enemies
of the public good. Thus it will be seen
that it is the purpose to have the conven
tion composed of conservative and expe
rienced merchants, manufacturers, agri
culturists and wage-earners, who care
more for the material growth of the coun
try than for the supremacy of any one of
the political parties.
It has already been intimated that the
convention will lay down the principle that
there should be a tariff high enough to
equalize the difference in cost of produc
tion in this and in toreign countries, first
for the purpose of protecting our industrial
class against the lower wage schedules of
other countries, and second for the pur
pose of giving our manufacturers no op
portunity to exact extortionate prices
from our people for their goods and wares.
But what is the use of holding such a
convention? The basic principles of the
Republican party stand for exactly the
kind of protection this convention pro
poses to demand. The very first economic
legislation iv tbe direction of a law for the
encouragement and protection of American
industries was enacted by a Republican
Congress more than a century ago, and
the Nation never departed from the doc
trine of adequate protection to our in
dustrial plants and to secure our wage
earners against the pauper-labor of Eu
rope until a Democratic administration
came into power in 1893. The nomi
nee of the St. Louis convention
will reiterate the party's determination to
protect our industries and our people
against foreign invasion, and the next ad
ministration will put in effect the declara
tion of the party. Let the Detroit conven
tion resolve to stand by the Republican
party and it will ttet all that it is seekiug.
AN EXTRA SESSION.
It is reported from Washington that if
Congress adjourns without passing a reve
nue bill or a bill authorizing the issue of
low interest-bearing certificates to meet
the deficiency in the National income,
President Cleveland will call an extra ses
sion to meet some time in July. While no
authority is giveu for the accuracy of the
report it deserves some credit, since in a de
bate in the Senate last week Senator Sher
man very pointedly intimated that some
such course might be taken by Cleveland
under the conditions stated.
As it seems certain tbat no revenue bill
can be agreed upon by the Senators at this
session, and as the vote last week on Gor
man's motion for an issue of treasury cer
tificates shows that plan to be utterly out
of ;he question, the people may as well
begin to consider an extra session as one
of the possibilities of politics. There can
be no doubt that it would be unpopular,
ana there can be as little that every effort
would be made by the administration and
by Democratic organs to throw the re
sponsibility of it upon the Republican
leaders of the House and Senate.
Under these circumstances it is worth
repeating what is known to every man
who has followed the proceedings of this
Congress that the failure to enact a reve
nue bill has been due to the Democrats
themselves. The Republicans of the
House passed early in tne session a tariff
bill designed to meet the needs of the
treasury under existing conditions. It
was in no sense a partisan bill. It was of
fered as a compromise to Democrats in
order to help out a Democratic adminis
tration and provide the Nation with a rev
enue sufficient for the time until the re
turn of the Republican party to power.
The bill offered in this spirit of party fair
ness and genuine patriotism was reje3ted
by the Democrats. Had half o dozen
Democratic Senators voted for it it could
have been enacted, ample revenues would
have been pro vided and there wcuid now
be no need of an extra session.
The position of the Democrats in Con
gress on this iesue is so bad that if Cleve
land cared anything for them we would
be sure be would never think of calling an
extra session. It seems evident, however,
that Cleveland now cares very little for his
party since his rule has been repudiated
by so many of its leaders and State con
ventions. Tne call for an extra session
would enable him to make a "grand-stand
play" to tbedelig.it of the gold standard
forces of the East, and, therefore, there
are serious reason* ior believing that ixe
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
may venture upon it, no matter bow un
popular it would be nor bow disastrous to
the party tbat elected bim President.
NEEDLESS WORRY.
A good many people are needlessly wor
rying themselves over tbe position of the
several avowed candidates for tbe St.
Louis nomination on the money question.
As a matter of fact it is a matter of minor
consequence how they stand on that or any
other question. If tbe right were reserved
to the nominee to make his own views
the principles of the party it would be
very different, but no such right exists,
nor could such a right be conferred upon
any one. The party makes the platform
upon the basis of the most harmonious
adjustment possible of conflicting sec
tional interests, and the party presumes
that no honorable man would accept the
nomination unless he were in full sympa
thy with both the spirit and letter of such
platform.
The St. Louis convention will be com
posed of representative Republicans from
every community of the country, and
when a platform is adopted it will be
found to be so broad, so clear and so com
prehensive that no one, from the humblest
voter to the party's candidate, could pos
sibly misunderstand its meaning and pur
pose. Hence it follows that it is the platform
and not the candidates which the rank
and file more especially should be inter
ested in just at this time. The Cleveland
administration has so run counter to the
general good of the country that much re
pairing of the avenues of the coming and
going of commerce will be required at the
bands of tbe next administration, which
will be Republican without doubt, and
more than usual interest is centered in
the work of formulating ways and adopt
ing means to accomplish that end.
The Republican party is not a hero wor
shiper, nor does it withhold tne conferring
of nonors won in battles for tbe better
ment of the country, but it holds that cor
rect economic principles are always para
mount; that tbe sincere Republican should
quickly put himself in accord with the dec
larations of his party, as promulgated by
it in convention, and that no one has the
right to assume leadership except upon
invitation, and then only to carry out tbe
plans and secure the aims of the party.
There never is a scarcity of true, capable
and willing bearto and hands in the Re
publican party, ana it will make a fatal
mistake if it departs from tbe doctrine
that it is a party of principles and in no
sense a party for the promotion of indivi
dual aspirations for political preferment.
STALE AND THREADEARE.
To maintain "parity" between gold and
silver has become a stale, threadbare and
unprofitable bit of political lying where
with to feed the credulous. How can
the parity of the metals be maintained
so long as the Gove r nment requires noth
ing to be payable to it in gold and will
Day nothing to its creditors but gold? The
people are tired of these misleading efforts
to hold out uold as the Nation's money of
redemption. Tbe fact is, by the ruling of
the Treasury Department it has no way to
get gold except by buying it with bonds.
What matters it how high taxes and reve
nue duties are if the Government will not
pay its debts with the silver and paper
money it thus receives? And what does
it profit the people lo have their Govern
ment borrow gold to pay it back with in
terest added?
To be sure, if a creditor prefers silver or
paper money, the Treasury will give him
the kind he asks for, out it must then
rush off and buy gold to redeem tbe silver
or paper be took, for Secretary Carlisle
says it is not money in itself— merely
promises to pay money, which is made of
gold, and gold only. Hence he must be
prepared to redeem it when presented,
which necessitates the purchase of the re
quired amount of gold. That is Secretary
Carlisle's way of maintaining "parity" be
tween gold and silver. What a humbug
of a financier the Cleveland administra
tion is, anyway.
Now, the people, densely ignorant as
they are, according to Cleveland's esti
mate of them, have an idea that the parity
of the metals can be maintained only by
making them interchangeable by tne Gov
ernment reserving the right to make its
obligations payable in either gold or silver,
at its own option. The Treasury reports
that it has nearly $300,000,000 on hand,
but itself discredits tbe standing of evsry
dollar of it, except a little over $100,000,000
in gold which it bought with bonds to
give the silver and paper it holds
"parity." What a pity it is that Cleve
land and company have none of the peo
ple's kind of "ignorance."
THE POSITION OF SILVER.
Gold standardites are quit* right. Fifty
times more silver dollars have been coined
since 1873 than in the entire previous
history of tbe country, but they forget to
mention tbe fact that the act demonetiz
ing silver dollars continued them as dollars
only upon the basis of their redemption
in gold. It is nonsense, therefore, to say
that the country is enjoying bimetallism
to a greater degree than ever before.
About 180,000,000 of tbe silver bullion
purchase notes have already been re
deemed in gold, and the balance outstand
ing can be presented for redemption in
gold at any time their holders like.
By the ruling of Secretary Carlisle our
silver dollars are mere promises to pay
their face value in gold, and, therefore,
nothing more nor less than token money.
The people should not allow themselves to
be hoodwinked by the administration's cry
tbat there is a "sufficient abundancy" of
money. The country is squarely and
fairly upon a gold basis, which makes the
actual per capita money of the country
not muco over $5.
The announcement that the House
Committee on Banking and Currency has
adjourned to December seems to fore
shadow an early closing of this session of
Congress. There is. of course, much to
do, but with Cleveland in the White
House nothing goou can be done, and the
statesmen might as well quit and let the
country give its undivided attention to
Presidential politics.
Minister Denby figures up a chance for
pretty good trade with China, but we
would cut a poor figure if we Bacrifioed our
home trade to get it. The development of
our commerce is desirable, but not when
it is to be carried on at the expense of our
workingnien.
The coronation ceremonies at Moscow
have enabled the Czar to make a wonder
ful display of the various races of men
under the »way of his widely extended em
pire, but when the Prince of Wales comes
to the throne he can beat it.
The display of imperial power at Mos
cow is said to have inspired the Russians
with the belief that they can whip all
Western Europe without the aid of allies,
and perhaps they may be tempted some
day to try it;
There is a man in Rhode Island who
wishea to be Vice-President, and it is an
awful strain on the State to bold him.
LEGITIMATE JOURNALISM.
New York Newspaper Maker.
The Newspaper Maker is in entire ac
cord with the Ban Francisco Call's view
that a newspaper should sell news and not
books, bicycles or baby-carriages. It
should aim to give its readers the value of
their money in fullness of its reports of
trade, politics, society and all the abound
ing activities of life. If it cannot give
news enough to justify the charge it makes
it should cease to call itself a newspaper
and Bolicit subscriptions only for its cou
pons and their chances.
The subject, however, has another aspect
that is too often overlooked. The press
stands in almost a confidential relation to
business. The newspaper and the mer
chant are allies. They are of mutual
helpfulness when each is conducted in
legitimate channels. When the news
paper, however, combines its press with a
junkahop and proceeds to issue coupons
by which people can get a cheap sort of
books, bicycles or baby carriages at prices
far below what good articles can be sold
for by men who have a reputation as hon
est merchants to maintain, then tbe press,
instead of being the ally, becomes the foe
of the merchant.
Instead of building up trade it tends to de
moralize it, and not infrequently seriously
injures business by introducing into a
community an overstock of cheap articles
of one kind or another that prevents the
sales of the merchant.
PERSONALS.
O. N. Young of Salt Lake is in town.
Dr. Thornton of Portland is in town.
Dr. L. S. Skiff of Salem, Or., is at the Grand.
Professor W. J. Hussey of Mount Hamilton Is
at the Palace.
L. Pinckney, a wealthy mining man of Den
ver, is in town.
H. C. Nash, librarian at Stanford University,
is at the Palace.
Paul Worel Da kin, a business man ol Tacoma,
is at the Occidental.
R. M. Straus, a business man of Fortuna,
Ariz., is on a visit here.
G. C. Cornell, City Clerk of Merced, is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. Charles Hifcsins, a druggist and lumber
dealer of Fort Braeg, is in the City.
D. B. Morrow of Dcs Moines, la., was among
the arrivals at the Grand yesterday.
George \V. Brown, a business man of Seattle,
was amonx yesterday's arrivals here.
H. H. Fuller, a capitalist of Portland, Or., is
among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopolitan.
H. W. Patton, editor and proprietor of a
weekly paper at Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
George D. Kellogg, one of the large fruit
growers and shippers of Newcastle, is in town.
R. B. Markle and Austin Brett, the extensive
timber-land owners of Fort Bragg, are in this
City. 4
The Rev. John H. Elliott, the noted evangel
ist of New York, is at the Ramona, accompa
nied by his family.
G. F. Wink, a carriage manufacturer of Los
Angeles, is in the City, accompanied by his
wile and daughter.
W. B. Coombs, an extensive general mer
chandise dealer of Little River, is among the
arrivals at the Russ.
Dr. Herbert Meiter and Dr. Robert Ischore of
Germany are at the Palace, having returned
from a visit to the Yosemite.
Professor Alfred A. Post of New York, who
understands many languages and is an in
structor of Volapuk, is In the City.
Sheriff E. E. Hoi brook of San Bentto County
and Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo are
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
John F. Moody, the pioneer lumberman of
Truckee, oue of the leading officials of the re
cent ice carnival, arrived here yesterday.
8. T. Felkin, a prominent citizen of Modesto,
Is at the Grand, on his way to his old home in
Canada, where he has fallen heir to a fortune.
C. A. Perkins and H. J. Boyce of Little River,
who own large areas of land there, were
among the arrivals here by the Point Arena
yesterday.
H. A. McCraney, editor of the Sacramento
County Ledger, arrived here last night in com
pany with O. K. Steiger, who is quite ill and is
now at St. Luke's Hospital. Mr. MCcraney is
at the Grand.
Major W. B. Hoor>er, proprietor of the Occi
dental, late yesterday afternoon reoetved from
Mrs. Wingfield at Benicia a dispatch in re
sponse to one sent saying Bishop Wlngfleld
was no better.
C.C. Michener, international secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association, and who
will have charge of the summer school of
methods for college young men at Cazadero
next week, is at tbe Ramona.
General Walter Turnbull. president of the
Gold Mininu Exchange, left Sunday morning
for Sun Andreas on business in connection
with the exchange. He will probably not re
turn to the City till the latter part of the week.
A prominent party of people arrived at the
Palace yesterday. They are: Mr. and Mrs. C.
W. Seamans, Mr. and Mrs. I. C. Seamans and
Miss Mabel G. Seamans of New York: F. M.
Seamans of Pasadena and A. C. and Miss Sea
mans of Hexe, N. Y.
William J. Slmonton, one of the former own
ers of The Call, accompanied by his wiie and
E. J. McGanney, an attorney of New York, ar
rived in this City yesterday and registered at
the Palace. The party intend remaining in
San Francisco fora fortnight and will spend
some time in visiting the State.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 25.— At the West
minister—Miss Waterbouse; Astor— F. Abra
ham, A. A. Thraser; St. Denis— R. Alexander,
Mrs. J. Alexander, Miss R. Alexander; Grand
Union— H. Jaoobsen; Hoffman— T. Z. Blakelan,
Mrs. N. Lee, W. Kalston.
CALIFORNIANS SAIL FOR EUROPE.
NEW YORK, N. \'., May 25.-Sailed by the
steamer Campania for Liverpool — Mrs
Mary A. Bun.illl, E. J. Curson, James
Moffit, Miss Edith Wolfskin, Mrs. H.
G. Wiishire. Sailed per steamer Trave
lor Bremen via Southampton: Mrs. Auguste
Bellman, Mrs.Oriffiths and child. Mrs. Anna
Uoerllch, Mrs. Dr. M. A. Nagel, children aud
maid, Peter Sehlegel.
CURRENT HUMOR
Miss Oldmayde (prou<ily)-Mr. Walker pro
posed to me last nißht, and— l refused him!
Miss Daisy— But you promised to be a grand
mother lo him, didn't you, dear?-Somerville
Journal.
Reed-You can make all the fun of youn*
Legalite for his egotism you want to, but I tell
you he has & powerful brain.
Wright— By Jinks, he mugt have to stand all
the thinking he does about himself.—Cincin
nati Enquirer.
Nurse— Now, then, Master Georgie. you must
come out and have your face washed. Your
grandfather's coming to tea.
George— Yes; but '(.pose he don't come, what
then?— London Punch.
The Inquisitive One— Did you atudy your art
here or abroad?
The Poster Designer- Art? I wouldn't dare
study it. I might apoil my style.—lndianapo
lis Journal.
"Have you written your graduation essay?"
asked Maud.
"Yes," replied Mamie.
"Wasn't it a lot of work?"
"Just dreadful. First I had to hunt up words
tnat were bit? enough, and then I had to keep
looking to the dictionary to see what they
mean; and, honestly, I began to think I never
would get It nnlshed."-Washington Star.
As tempt tb*b«ams of » harbor lifht
A mariner, worn by the ban in,' sea.
To seek repoie from a wicked night,
T&e glow of her smile entices me.
But a pilot versed in the chari am I,
1 know I'm far from a harbor's porch.
And the lights tbat danre in my lady's eye
Are the rutbless sparks of a wrecker's torch.
—Truth.
THIS MIGHT HAVE HAPPENED NEAR SHELLMOUND.
)'Fer goodness' sake! what be yer painten of the old cow fer, Silas?"
"The militia are to have target practice in the next lot ter-day. Bill Jones got
sixteen dollars fer a cow of his they killed last year. Now, I don't need the old
cow, and I do need sixteen dollars."—From Harper's Weekly.
A CANDIDATES EXPERIENCE.
Jim Jones he was a candidate for office— so he
was; • ' '
He'd been worlrin' 'long from daylight in the Dem
ocratic cause ;
He'd heard about the salary an officeholder draws,
.So he went oat (or an office in the morn in' I
He brushed aphis old black beaver and polished
up his boots;
He got him twenty packages of Georgia-made che
roots:
An 1 they missed him from the village and political
disputes.
For he went in for office in the rnornin* !
But the office was a-comine, an* they told him
for to wait:
The road was kinder crooked when he thought It
kinder strai.ht;
Bat Jones — he kept a-swinging on the Demo
cratic gate.
"For," said he, "I'll catch the office in the morn-
In'!"
Soon the candidates had smoked up all of Jones'
tine cheroots.
An' the mud had worn the polish from his brogans
and his boots:
An' he lost hii reputation In political disputes.
An' he never got the office In the mornin 1 !
Frank L. Stanton in Atlanta Constitution.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Yellowstone Park— F. H., City. The area
of Yellowstone National Park is 3575 square
miles.
Victoria's Reign— W. c. City. Queen Vic
toria has been reigning nearly fifty-nine
years, having succeeded her nncle, King Wil
liam IV on the 20th of June, 1837.
The Beecher Tbial— A. 8., City. The trial
of Henry Ward Beecher commenced on the 4th
of January, 1575, and the jurors were not dis
charged until the 112 th day of the trial.
General Sheridan— S., City. General Philip
H. tjheridan was in this City in 1875, and he
was tlie honored guest at a banquet given at
the Palace Hotel on the 14th of October of that
year.
Liquor Consumed— J. M., Alameda, Cal. The
amount of spirits, malt liquor and wines in the
United States during 1894 was in the aggre
fatc 1,148,153,553 gallons. There were 90,
-41,209 gallons of spirits, 1.036.319,222 gal
lons of malt liquor and 21,293,124 gallons of
wine.
Alcmixx-m— J. E. M.. Auburn. CaL Aluminum
varies in price according to the form in which
it is desired, from 80 cents to $1 a pound. Tbe
largest amount of aluminum-ware is manu
factured in Pittsburg. Pa., and in Neuhausen,
Switzerland. This department cannot adver
tise manufacturers of such ware.
The Oregon— L. J. C-, City. The Oregon was
required to steam fifteen and a quarter knots
per hour, and the bonus is $25,000 for each
quarter knot over that speed. As she ex
ceeded that speed by seven quarter knots she
earned for her builder $175,000. The pay
over regular salaries is $5 for each quarter
knot over the required speed.
Woman's Congress— A Thinker, City. With
out making a personal canvass it would be an
impossibility to state how many of the leaders
of the late Woman's Congress and of the Suf
frage Association are wage-earners and what
occupations they follow. It may be stated
that Miss Anthony and Miss Shaw are lectur
ers, that Miss Cooper is a Sunday-school teacher
and the head of the California Kindergarten
Association, and Sarah Severance is a writer.
6HKRinAN's Ride— E. F., Oakland, Cal. The
poem "Sheridan's Ride" was written to order
by Thomas Buchanan Read on the day of the
battle of Winchester. Tbe battle took place in
the morning, and the result was known at
noon. Murdoch, a well-known reader of the
the time, urged upon Read to write a poem for
the occasion so that he (Murdoch) could recite
it that evening, October 19, 1864, at a public
. meeting to be held in Chicago. The poem was
written.
Czar of Russia— E. R., Oakland, Cal. The
present Czar of Russia is the eldest son of the
late Alexander 111. This department cannot
give you any information on the subject of a
member of the royal Russian family, at a din
ner in 1870 In St. Petersburg, destroying a
glass nlled with champagne upon bearing the
news that the Germans had defeated the
French, nor can it tell if the act was a demon
stration of joy or one of sorrow. Probably
some reader of this department can enlighten
the correspondent.
A CrPFCL of Water— C. E. R., Elmira, Cal.
This correspondent writes, "A cup of water
waa sitting on a table. A says, *I drank the
cupiul' and B says, 'I drank it empty.' Which
expression is correct?" If the writer had
made the declaration that the cap of water
was standing on the table he would have been
more correct than to make the startling an
nouncement that it was sitting on the table
A's assertion that he drank the cupful of
water is correct, while B's expression is not,
probably what he meant to say was "I drank
and emptied the cup."
Drvggists' Signs— 6., City. Druggists' col
ored bottles for slens, like the symbolical fig
ures often seen on bottles in drugstores, origi
nated among those ancient chemists, the
Moors of Arabia and of Old Spain. In experi
ments and in the manufacture of chemicals
they used glass retorts and vessels similar in
shape to the bottles now used as signs, and the
retorts and vessels beinit filled with colored
liquids became associated in the public mind
with the men who filled them, and in time
were placed in windows to show where the
mixtures were prepared.
Midshipman Spenseh— S. H., City. This cor
respondent la anxious to know in which book
or magazine he can nnd a poem in which oc
curs the line:
The black rock that marks the grave of the young
mutineer.
This poem waa written after the hanging on
the Ist of December, 1842, ol Midshipman
Phillip Spenner, Boatswain's Mute Samuel
Cromwell and Seaman Ehsha Small, ringlead
ers of a mutiny on board of the United States
brig Some™. Can any of the readers of this
department furnish the deeired Information?
Pen Sketching— L. W. C, City. If your taste
runs to pen sketching, Rnd you feel that you
would make a newspaper artist, you had better
go for a time to a teacher of drawing and have
him teach you all he can ; tnen devote time to
practicing on subjects from life and landscape
and when yon feel confident that you can
draw, then devote some time to theartof shad
ing with ink, so as to bring out all the effects
of your pictures and at the same time not make
them too black. After you have done this then
offer your work to the head of any newspaper
art depart merit and if it shows that you have
any tulent he may give you a trial. The ques
tion of salary is one that depends on ability.
Every nni-t who draws for the comic papers
in the I'd lied states considers himself the best
Illustrator, and there are many people who
agree with each, but not all.
Hopkins Institute or art— H. D. M., Eureka,
Cal. , and A. E. M., Tocoma, Wash. Edward F.
sauries of Methuen, Mass., aporeciating the
efforts made to maintain an art .-ctiool in Ban
Francisco, and dc.-iring to endow the City and
State with an institution bearing the name of
Hopkins, he having married the widow of the
late Mark Hopkins, who was one of the rail
road magnates, declared in 1892, some time
after the death of Mrs. S*arles, his intention to
donate the Hopkins mansion on the southeast
corner of Mtton and California streets to the
regents of the University of California for the
"purposes of instruction and illustration of the
fine arts, music and literature." This was done
by a deed ot trust February 27, 1893. By an
Agreement entered into between Mr. Scarles,
the Kogonu and the directors of thu San Fran
cisco Art Association, the last named, under
the taws of the State, became an Affili
ated college of the university and entered
jointly into the possession of the premises
with the Regents. The Art Association was
organized in March, 1872. It holds semi-an
nual exhibitions of works of art.aud maintains
the School of Design, for which special apart
ments were fitted up by Mr. Searles. In this is
given instruction in drawing, painting, mod
eling aud so forth. The terms of the affilia
tion provide that "the students of said school,
upon tbe recommendation of the faculty
thereof, may receive such degree or certificate
of proficiency from the university as the Re
gents of the universiiy may deem appropriate
to the course of study pursued." Each year
the School of Design awards the Avery gold
medal for excellence and progress; ihe W. E.
Brown gold medal for study from life, and the
Alvord gold medal for study from the antique.
As an art institute it ranks high. The studies
embrace the antique, nude model, drfeped
model, portrait, painting (still life and por
trait), landscape, modeling, and whatever is
usually taught in institutions of this charac
ter. The tuition fees range from $0 to $8 per
month. There is a reduction of 25 per cent to
those who work in two classes.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Ex-Governor Osborne of Wyoming has adopt
ed a peculiar brand for his sheep. It is a skul
and cross-bones.
It is said that Alfred Percival Graves, the
author of "Father O'Flyun." is the most popu
lar poet of Ireland. He is the son of an Angli
can Bishop.
One of the most famous painters of Sweden,
Marten Eskil Wlnge, died a few days ago in
Stockholm. His studies were mostly histori
cal. Winge was 71 years old and was a mem
ber of many Swedish societies.
M. Zola, although perhaps he makes more
than any other French novelist, i« a poor man.
The talent for amassing wealth is absolutely
lacking iv him, and he spends his money, if
anything, rather more quickly than he re
ceives it.
The Bishop of Durham wears on his breast a
cross which is an exact copy of one found in
the tomb of his great predecessor, St. Cnthbert.
While, however, the latter is of gold, richly
jeweled, Dr. Westcott's cross is of iron. It was
presented to him on his consecration as
BishoD.
Thomas Hardy, the novelist, is a strange
looking man. Speaking of sedentary labors
and burning the midnight oil, one would say
that his constitution could not support the
arduous task, yet his eyes tell another tale;
they are possessed of that phosphorescent light
that indicates energy.
A pretty story Is told of the widow of the
great Schumann. When she is to play any of
her husband's music in public she reads over
some of his old love letters that he wrote her
during the days of their courtship, 6O that, as
she says, the "may be better able to do justice
to her interpretation of the spirit of hiß work."
A LADY'S SHIRT WAIST.
A shirt waist much liked is made with turn
over cuffs and collars and rather full sleeve 3.
Any of the washable fabrics may be em
ployed: Cambric, cheviot, percale and linen,
and a few of the heavier fabrics are used. The
newest idea is a shirt waist of sheer goods:
such as dimity, lawn, batiste, etc. These may
have cuffs and collar of the same or of white
linen. The cuffs and collar may be made sepa
rate by s.uiDiy binding neck and bleeves and
placing buttonholes in the bands.
Figured and flowered lawns or dimity is
much used, being newer than stripes. Gay
colorings are not unusual, in fact are more
oiten chosen than^omber.
THE OCEAN BOULEVARD.
Accomplished by "The Call's" KfforU.
Sir. Austin .Explains.
The Park Commissioners and Superin
tendent McLaren are now installed in the
beautiful new stone lodge on the north
side of the main drive. The old lodge will
in all probability be converted into a sta
tion for the park police.
Joseph Austin, president of the Park
Commission, speaking of the petition
which is to be presented to the Supervisors
by people interested in fiuena Vista Park,
said tnat in suggesting that a part of thai
pars should be sold he clearly asberted
that twenty-five of the thirty-six acres
should be reserved on wnich to build an
ornamental observatory, for from the apex
of that park a magnificent view of the
City can be had, and that the money real
ized from the sale of the eleven acres
should be used, not for the benefit of
Golden Gate Park, but for the purpose of
securing a park for the people of the Mis
sion district, who have no public ground
to speak of.
Tne agitation started by The Call for
an ocean boulevard has resulted in the
grading and macadamizing oi the great
highway from the base of tne grade lead
ing to Sutro Heiehts to the outlet of Lake
Merced, where the road takes a turn to
lngleside. The Park Commissioners went
over the boulevard last week, pronounced
it K ood and accepted it. Now the people
have a splendid drive, which in time will
be made more beautiful than it is, for the
Commissioners intend to plant trees along
the northern line, and then it will Lecome
a magnificent alameda.
SIGNS OF THE TIMES.
K«t. Hermann Warizawiak Speaks on
the .salvation of the Israelite.
Sunday afternoon, at Scottish Hall,
Rev. Hermann Warszawiak spoke on "The
Signs of the Times in Connection with the
Restoration of Israel.' 1 He said: "There
is a marvelous movement all over the
world among the Israelites— a movement
toward Christianity.
'•For 1800 years the churches have liter
ally closed their doors to the Israelite.
Now it is different. Thousands of He
brews to-day are asking, "Have we not
rejected the true Messiah, the father sent
to us? Is not Christ indeed the Messiah? 1
"I come to encourage the missionary
spirit in the Christian, that he may open
the door of salvation to his brother, the
S "\*ou e will be successful, my friends. You
cannot help being victorious, because
you have the right on your side. You
have now such a grand chance, a chance
that you never had before, to help your
brother and prepare him for tbe second
coming of the Lord."
A LIBERAL LECTURE.
Dr. TorK Speaks Kloqoently at the Free
thoiight Association.
Dr. York addressed a large audience Sun -
day night at Scottish Hall oa "Wasted
Power in the Science of Life; or How
to Be Happy." He said:
"The object of our association— the Free
thought Liberal Union— is to promote in
tellectual and moral self-culture and the
complete separation of chnrch and state.
We do not expect every one to accept all
that we utter; we wish others to have the
same liberty to reject as we have to utter
it. We are not trying to suit everybody ;
we are simply trying to tell the truth as
we comprehend it, and what is truth to us
mar not seem to be truth to another.
"In the nature of things it is not possi
ble for all to reach the fame conclusions
from what is seen and heard; our bair is
not the same color, our eyes and noses are
not alike and as we differ in our physi
ological and phrenological likeness, so do
we differ in our beliefs.
"Of course we will not all agree as to what
is true or what is false, and the only com
mon ground for us as liberals Is a love of
truth and mental freedom, and we ask of
you only what we concede to you, the
right to receive or reject and a kindly
toleration for differences of belief."
A Model Kindergarten
An entertainment will be given by the Boys'
Club to-night at the corner of Oak Grove
avenue and Bryant street for tbe benefit of the
First Co ngre ßational Kindergarten, of which
Miss Lila L. Fales is instructor. The entertain
ment will De called "A Model Kindergarten"
and the parts will be taken by adults and and
young people of musical and elocutionary
ability.
Captain Kobinson Kecovering.
Captain Robinson of the City Prison made
bis first appearance there yesterday since he
had on operation performed to get rid of a
carbuncle on his neck. He is still very weak.
He received a dispatch yesterday that his
brother. Dr. Walter RoDinson of Macomb, 111.,
who had charge of the Emergency Hospital of
the World's I'air, died on cunuay in his thir
tieth year.
California glace fruits, sOc Ib. Townsend's.*
■■» ♦ - —
Soft baby cream, 15c pound, Townsend's. •
. •—• — « — • — ■ ■
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
HraßAND's Calcined Magnesia. Four firat
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
tbe taste hi d smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For s»Ue only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. *
Miss Emma L. Monroe, a little woman of 15
summers, has now full charge of the Atalla
Beacon, Alabama. She is said to be the young
est editor in the State, and conducts her paper
admirably. ■
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via I nioii Pacific.
ON-TY Sl £ DAYS TO CHICAGO—
v - >ljlt 41^ DAYS TO NEW YORK-4^
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
« ■»» — «■
Stanford Excursion.
Join our Stanford Excursion, which leaves Baa
Francisco at 7 p. m. Thursday, the 28th lnst., via
Northern Pacific .Railroad. Special cars, stopping
at the Yellowstone Park. T. K. Stateler. General
Agent, 688 Market street, £an Francisco, i .
The fashionable ladies' corrective- tonic is IV.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned South
American invigoraior.
* — ♦ » —
As a dressing and color restorer Fabkib's Hai»
Balsam never fails to satisfy.
Parker's Ginqkb Tonic alleviates suffering.
»» • »
No Satis or more Efficacious Remedy can
b«> had for Coughs, or any trouble of the, throat,
than "Brown's Bronchial Troche*." ■>
• ♦ <
In Arizona.— Reporter— Smith has
shot a man. Sam pail a quarter he owed him,
and the fellow bit it to see if it was genuine.
Sam got mad and pulled on him.
■ Editor— right. Fix it up and head it:
"He bit the Dust."— Philadelphia Record.
ML China fare
AT
MONEY-SAVING PRICES. *
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7 We
. each.
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— 20c,
25c each. . .
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
50c.
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces.
$4 65 and $5 25. ■ '
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Richly Decorated Thin China Dinner S«t
of 100 pieces, $15.
AT
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. | 4 6 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. » 218 Third »t.
140 Sixth st. aooB Filimore »t.
617 Kearny st. . .. \_ 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
; 521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3359 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington it. ■- 616 E. Twelfth st.
iji San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
i3 5 S Park st., Alameda. .
•MnaM^Mnm l |,n>> l i,|,ii l >ii|| t ((>n||ia>'i:|||U"ii|jtii>nitj|imri) >
Mi Full Dress i
; fflfoTwf.
Very thin "Tuxedo"* Watcher *
model. Louis XIV. style} WaiClieS j
» bow and crown, with§ 3
■gold hands to match.] ,*, - "1
: Smooth case, rounded: * J
'crystal, monogram back,- • ■. ;
jointed or snap back,: M le *,
[size very convenient | •l f 11115
I It doesn't bale* out ! t>nilrlYrio A
the pocket. j .DUliQlUg 1
Price very low — it is\ _ ■_ . 'J,
on* 0/ tben^ny bargains] ** *»"*». 1
to be found at our news •%■
office ibis week. * j •§• .J
PpL The
Hf Waterbury 1
lit Watch Co. M 4
1 lLnnili I i 'lll ill'li nilin illln '111 illli illln '111 illl I'm?
-' Walk Right in; Take a Seat.
A\ X cs ' P lenty of time to talk since I got the
F&3L.4. lr , l i Rrt7I ' F - s Gasoline Enchnk; runs lt-
■r* s «f. you know. Engineer? Xo.lamtha
■6L Eni?ineer; start it and it R oe« right along
PR PriceS ?o D h ? e Write for c *^*™<i
.Ban Frauclsco, Cai. 1TPKSDAY MAY 26, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
'- Bamwik THitAxita — •• Midsummer Nigbt't
Dream," to-Difrtrt.
ton mbia ] i! F.ATXR-«Mls« Harom Scaruin,-
te-morTO\v night. -.'-•.= »"•»».
Mobosco's opkiu-Hotjbk- "Metamora."
1 rrou Opfra-Houbk.— "Uncle Tom 8 Cabin .■•
OKFHxnif— High-Class Vaudeville.
Thf Em roßicM—Concerts Tuesday and Thurs-
day nights this week by Emporium Orchestra,
Thk AuniTomcii-EUto and Mason Btreeu-
Testlmonlal Concert.
irL KOPI ' 8 PA 1 £ AClt THKATKB-Corner Mason and
evemn'^M 8 ""'!^ J "" ical CuUure Contest, Thursday
Sctbo IONKY Island— Bathing and Perform-
• Bat Distbict TmtcK-Racea to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
' Ho . . ' OK TH * Santa Cruz Modntains.— The
«U tl Anniversary lixcurslon and FamUy Picnic
ofthetnlon Fruiters' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday. May 28, at Glenwood Par*.
AUCTION SALES.
_ Bt . F ,-_ *. KBBi,KR-Thla day, (Tuesday), Bare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Seamy street, at Sir. i.
.Bt G». P. liAMsoN— This day (Tuesday). t-nr-
nlture, at 1712 Buchanan street. 11 o'clock. Also
to-morrow, Furniture, at 824 Ellis street.
By Chas. Levy & Co.— This day (Tuwday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1136 Market street, a i 11
o clock.
By M. J. Siumonb Auction Co.— day (Tueg
day), Hardware, etc., at 106 Turk st., at 10 o'clock
By Xl lp & Co.— Friday. May 29, Horses,
at corner Tenth and Bryant sts., at 11 o'clock.
By Scilivas & Doylr— Thursday, May 28,
horses, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
« By Shaiswald, Bvckbkk & Co.— Wednesday,
May Si, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
gomery street, at 12 o'clock.
By Kabton & Eldridqe— Tuesday, June 2,
Real Estate, at 638 Market St., at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
' Sir Henry Dering Bart., British Minister to
Mexico, is visiting the City.
The Woman's Federation considered the sub
ject of tenant children yesterday.
The examination-of Assessor Sfebe for per
jury was before Judge Wallace yesterday.
The executive committee of the Fourth of
July celebration has named its sub-commit
tees.
The. transfer system of the Market-street
Company has become more and more complex
and more absurd.
Arttcus, Jack Richheu, Morven, Chartreuse
11, Marjorie and Rebellion were the winners at
the track yesterday.
The cross streets of the Mission are being re
numbered, the bay shore being the starting
point for each street.
Mrs. Mamie Green, Second and Minna streets,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday after
noon through jealousy.
Oakland and San Francisco Presbyterians
both sent Invitations yesterday to the General
Presbyterian Assembly for '97.
The Dimond ordinanoe dispensing with ob
noxious transfer-check agents was passed to
print by the Supervisors yesterday.
Minion Lodge Xo. 169. F. and A. M., has
purchased a site for a new lodge building on
Missioti street, near Twenty-second.
The Hawthorne Society will give an "Even
ing With Joaquin Miller,'' the poet of the Sier
ras, in V. M. OL A. Hall this evening.
Tuesday fair; continued higb temperature;
Hght northwesterly winds is the cheering pre
diction from the Weather Bureau to-day.
Daniel McNeill was arrested last night for
cubing off the point of his rival's nose in a
saloon on Mary and Natoma streets Saturday
night.
Captain Lees received a dispatch yesterday
from El Paso. Tex., that the murderer, Bian
ther, left for the East on the Texas Pacific Rail
road last Tuesday.
The Spiritualists' Convention listened to a
stirring address by National President Barrett
yesterday and laid the question of organiza
tion over till to-day.
The anniversary dinner to commemorate the
Queen's birthday was held last night at the
Palace Hotel, under the auspices of the British
Benevolent Association.
Supervisor Dimond's ordinance prohibiting
the issuance of transfer cheeks was passed by
the board after having been slightly amended
by Supervisor Spreckels.
The Board of Health will probably Appoint
local Inspectors of bakeries to-day. Tlieir du
ties will be to see that only pure materials are
used in tne production of food.
Dr. J. E. Scott and John M. Reynolds ad
dressed the American Women's Liberal League
in Metropolitan Temple last night in opposi
tion to the proposed new charter.
Rev. Dr. Coyle of Oakland read a paper be
fore the Presbyterian Ministerial Union yes
terday, in which he criticized some ol the
teachings of applied Christianity.
Samuel Singerman and Rebecca Casmer were
married yesterday by Justice of the Peace Ker
rigan, and Judge Campbell dismissed the
charge of grand larceny against Singerman.
The second trial of Leon R. Myers, charged
with criminal assault upon little girls, was
held before a jury in Judge Bahrs' court yes
terday, and a verdict of not guilty was ren
dered.
The Shiels Estate Company has incorporated,
with a capital of $700,000. The directors are
George Shiels, Charles H. ShiPls, Belle Shiels
Ertward S. Shiels and Enewald Shiels. There
has been subscribed $M>.
The Board of Health has arranged a meeting
in the Chamber of Commerce this afternoon at
3 o'clock to appeal to business men lor aid in
getting more funds from the City. The oppo
sition of the Board of Supervisors promises an
interesting time.
The Memorial day committee of George H
Thomas Post, G. A. R., met last evening ond
adopted a programme of exercises for observ
ance on May 30. Irvine M. Scott accepted the
invitation to deliver the oration at the Na
tional Cemetery.
Richmond district residents have shown a
tinge of jealousy at the progress of the south-
Bide in securing the Seventh-avenue boule
vard from racetrack to park ; but the removal
of the Bay District Racetrack will, they claim,
recompense them.
Tirey L. Ford, after four months in Wash
ington working for the mining interests of
California, has returned home, and he says
the miners may indulge highest expectations
of speedy and complete success of the mining
measures before Congress.
Fred Wagner, a contractor, forgot to change
his check for a transfer last evening at Powell
and Market streets, and wnen the conductor
and gripman attempted to eject him an angry
crowd gathered and threatened to mob them
and four policemen who interfered.
ANTON SCHOTT'S RECITAL.
The Great German Tenor Xtovtotra the
Masters Before Wagner.
Anton Schott, the great German tenor,
. whose pathetic rendition of the com
positions of Wagner has already gained
for him in this City the esteem of a large
number of music k>vers who appreciate
the best when they hear it. gave another
song recital last night at Native Sons' Hall.
His purpose was to review the pre-
Wagnerian masters, that he might show
the work on which Wagner himself im
proved until he stood in the position of
the master of the school in. winch he had
grown up as a pupil. Beginning with
Yon Gluck's lades 1 '" from Iphigenie
auf Tauris, and giving a selection from
Mehul, from Beethoven, from Weber,
from* Cornelius and from Loewe, he led up
to his own and his country's favorite, the
only Wagner, whose Hearth Scene, Home
Song and Sword Scene he rendered with
splendid voice. . .'
The programme was varied by piano
recitations by Arthur Fickenscher, who
rounded out the earlier masters with some
exquisite selections from Schubert, Liszt,
and those from whom Schott had chosen
pieces for his strong, rich voice. There
was a good-sized audience, composed of
evidently critical musicians who were un
stinted in their applause.
The Htwklm and Ziegler Fight.
It is said that Ziejjler, who is matched to
box Dal Hawkins on Thursday evening, is in
good condition, and hopes to win. Hawkins,
who is training at the Cliff House, is also said
to be in tolerably good condition, and will do
his best to remsin on his pins until the end of
the contest. Manager Phillips is authority for
the statement that the fight will be very ex
''•itinK.
Probably the most extraordinary jour
nal in the world is published weekly at
Athens. Its contents are written entirely
'ii verse, even to the advertisements.
CANADIAN GOODS
FOR THE MINERS,
The Barkentine C. C. Funk
Already Loaded for
Alaska.
CARGOES SHIPPED HEBE
British Columbia Has Secured
the Entire Trade of the
Yukon.
ESCAPE FROM DROWNING.
Henry E. Truebenbach, tbe Well-
Known Merchant, Fell From an
Oakland Steamer.
A peculiar state of affairs has arisen ir
the trade with the Alaskan gold fields.
Immense quantities of provisions and
general merchandise are being shipped,
but every ounce of the stuff is coming
from British Columbia. The barkentine
C. C. Funk is now loaded with a general
cargo and is ready to sail.
The steamer Umatilla, which arrived
yesterday, has over 200 tons of goods for
Forty-mile camp aboard. This will be
j transhipped into the bark William Bow
| deti and when she is filled the steamer
! Bertha will take her place. The City of
Puebla and vValla Walla will brine down
two more heavy consignments and the
chances are that a fourth vessel will have
to be chartered to take up all the goods
offering. Everything is shipped in bond
and in consequence Custom-house officers
have to be on vatch on the vessels nisht
and day.
Henry E. Truebenbach, tbe senior mem
ber of the firm of Truebenbach & Co., had
j a very narrow escape from drowning yes
l terday. When he reached his office at 113
| Clay street in the morning ne was not
| feeling very well, so he made up his mind
:to take a trip to Oakland. He left for
I home on the 2p. m. trip and went forward
j on the lower deck to enjoy the breeze.
I When the Oakland was half a mile from
the Market-street landing Mr. Trueben-
I back took a seat on the railing. A few
j minutes later he lost his balance and fell
I into the bay. How he escaped being
| struck by the paddle wheel is a mystery
no one can solve. Captain McKechnie
saw the man fall and stopping the steamer
ordered a boat lowered. The crew worked
like clockwork, and in six minutes the
drowning man had be«»n picked up and
the Oakland was on her way again.
Truebenbach was taken into the fire
room and kept there until a dry suit of
clothes was got from his home at 2416
Webster street. He was nothing the worse
an hour afterward for bis wetting.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
tender, the Jeanie, will sail for the Arctic
about the sth of next month. She will
take letters and supplies for the whaling
fleet, and will probably meet many of them
at Point Barrow. This will be about the
! last chance for letters to go direct to the
I whalers.
The schooner Cnetco, which went on a
sunken rocic at Crescent City, has been
patched up, and will be towed "down by the
pteam schooner Cleone. On her arrival !
she will go on the drydock for a thorough j
overhauling.
Captain Bennett, superintendent Oi the
Paciric Coast Steamship Company's
wharves, returned from an Eastern trip
yesterday. He made the trip in order to ,
vis.it his mother, who is growing old and
feeble. He came back over the Northern
Pacific to Seattle and thence to San Fran
cisco on the Umatilla.
Among the passengers who went to
Eureka on the Pomona yesteiday was the
well-known politician and attorney,
George A. Knight. He will be absent only
a few days and will be back in time to
start with the delegates for St. Louis the
latter part of the week.
The collier Washtenaw has broken the
record for a round trip to Puget Sound.
She went from here to Tacoma, dis
charged, and loaded again and got back to
San Francisco in seven and a half days.
The crew had few idle moments during
that trip.
Customs Inspector Carlin got a good
ducking yesterday. He tripped over a j
wire hawser on Main-street wharf and fell |
into the bay. His cries brought some ;
sailors to his assistance, and he was soon j
fished out, little the worse for his fall.
BURNING VESSEL SIGHTED.
The Captain of the Ship SterMng:
Encounters the German Ship
Corlolanus on Fire.
The captain of the ship Sterling, which
sailed from New York on January 4 and
arrived in this port yesterday afternoon,
reports having met in latitude 10 dee.
south, longitude 31 deg. west, the German
ship Coriolanus from Bremen, bound to
Rangoon, which signaled that the vessel
w*s on fire.
The Sterling stood t>y during that night.
N&xt morning, being signaled that the
fire on the Corio4anus was gaining, the
captain of the Sterling boarded the former
vessel and found that the ship was in bal
last and that the bre was aft among the
mats. He intended talcing off the crew of
the burning vessel, but during the day the
fire modified and the next day he stood
away for Bahia.
A DEMAND FOR SUNLIGHT
Plans for .the City Bidding
Downtown May Be
Changed.
One of the Main Entrances Should
Ba Placed on Merchant
Street.
When the United States architects
planned the lighthouse on this coas( they
provided steel rods to protect the houses
from lightning. When Layer, the archi
tect of the new City Hall, made the plans
for that edifice, he followed the custom of
placing the best office apartments and the
courtrooms and Judges' chambers on the
north side of the building, where the rays
of the sun would not increase the tempera
ture. That was the fashion of architecture
in the East, where people in summer seek
the shade. In this planning the subordi
nate or back rooms were given the
southern exposure, so highly prized in
this climate for the sunshine afforded.
These defects in the planning of the new
City Hall have been explained to the
United States architect, who is now pre
paring plans for the new Postoftice. When
he was out here a few months ago he saw
for himself that the old-fashioned plans
for public buildings in Cincinnati, St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
The Barkentine C. C. Funk Lying in the Stream Loaded With Merchandise for the Alaskan Miners. The
Entire Cargo Was Shipped Here From British Columbia and Transhipped on the Barkentine.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist]
Louis and New Orleans would not be suit
able for a Government building in San
Francisco.
There is danger now that our local archi
tects, in planning for the new building to
be erected on the old City Hall site, on
Kearny street, between Merchant and
Washington, are making the very mistake
which San Francisco is trying to avoid in
the new Postoilice structure, and which
should have been avoided in the new City
Hall. The plan for this building on
Kearny street which seems to be in great
est favor with the Supervisors proposes to
put the best offices on the northern or
Washington-street side of the building
and leave the Merchant-street space for
back rooms. A. greater mistake could not
be made. The main entrances to the
building should be on Kearny and Mer
chant streets and the rooms most fre
quently used by the public should have
the sunlight, which thp southern exposure
of Merchant street will afford.
When the offices of the Assessor, Aud
itor, Treasurer, Tax Collector and Mayor
were located in the old City Hall, the
favorite walk of persons visiting the hall
was along Montgomery street to Merchant.
This was the route for all who came from
points south of Washington and east of
Kearny. In fact, the main entrance was
on Merchant street, and the persons going
in that way came at once to the leading
ottices.
Eiehty out of every hundred persons
visiting the building will come from the
region of the City south of Washington
street. They will so in by way of Kearny
or Merchant streets.
The most gorgeous and inviting passage
way on Washington street will not deflect
the current of travel. There seems to be a
purpose in the interest of some hotel
keepers to make the public travel a block
out of the way to reach the main entrance
to the proposed hall.
The new building is to be paid for by the
taxpayers of the City at Jarge and it should
be constructed to provide for the conven
ience of the greatest number of citizens
having business to transact in the courts
and offices to be established there. The
Supervisors may see the danger of impos
ing a great inconvenience on the public to
please two or three boardinc-house keepers.
HER GREW WAS IN IRONS
The Men on the Hawaiian
Bark Leahi Mutinied While
at Kahului.
Two of Them Are Now Serving
Sentences on the Reef at
Honolulu.
The Hawaiian bark Leahi had a perilous
voyage from Australia to Hawaii and
thence to San Francisco. The vessel
reached port last Sunday, and no sooner
had she come to anchor off the sugar re
finery than the crew quit her in a body.
They say that during the entire voyage
they were kept at the pumps, and that
under such circumstances life was not
worth living. At Kahului they mutinied,
snd two of the men are now in jail down
there, serving out their sentences.
The other members of the crew «rere put
on board in irons, and three Japs were
shipped to fill the places of the imprisoned
sailors. On the voyage to San Francisco
t!ie white men worked the bark and the
Japs manned the pumps. As soon as the
men get their money they intend laying
their grievances before the United States
District Attorney, and see wbat can be
done for their companions in jail. T+>ey
are all American citizens, and assert that
the United Estates Consul at Kahulai would
not do anything for them.
The Leahi left Newcastle, New South
Wales, three month* ago for the Hawaiian
islands with a cargo of coal. When a few
days out, according to the sailors, she
sprang aleak, and the men were ordered
to the pumps. These were kept going
until Kahului was reached, and then the
crew mutinied and left the ship. They
sought the protection of the American
Consul, and that gentleman told them to
get a lawyer. They did so, but at the last
moment the lawyer found there was a
doubt about getting his fee, so he left them
in the lurch.
They could get no redress, and the Con
sul said he would order them back to the
bark, but that they could please them
selves as to whether thny went to sea in
her or not.
They refused to go to sea, and Captain
Johnson called in the police. Paul Ihns
and Fred Comrie were set down as ring-
Jeaders, and were fined $30 each and sen
tenced to two months' imprisonment. The
other men were put aboard in irons, and
were kept there until the Leahi was ready
to sail. According to the men the bark's
foremast-head and mizzen and fore stays
are sprung, and that in consequence she
required very delicate handling during her
long voyage. After discharging the Leahi
will go on the drydock for repairs.
Fun at Sutro's.
On next Wednesday evening Colonel Thomas
P. Robinson will entertain the San Francisco
Swimming: Club at dinner at the Cliff House,
and after dinner the club will adjourn to the
baths and eive a special entertainment. The
exhibition will commence with a march in the
water, in which fifty members will take part.
The baths will be darkened, and the swimmers
will perform many intricate evolutions while
swimming, each on; carrying a Cninese lan
tern. The effect upon the water is very novel
and beautiful. Besides, there will be a minuet
danced in the water, a match game of water
polo and an exhibition of high and fancy
airing and trapeze flying; also juvenile races
of different distances.
Gas Consumers' Association (the old
company), 316 Post street.
ANOTHER SAPPHO
LOVES AND LEAPS,
The Heroine Jumped or
Fell From the Wharf
Into the Bay.
HER LOVER NOT EXCITED
He Threw Over Some Lumber,
but Allowed Others to
Do the Rescuing.
ALMOST DEAD WHEN SAVED.
A Marriage Is Now on the Tapis, as
the Lovers Are Again Good
Friends.
A lovers' qnarrel nearly ended in a trag
edy yesterday. The couple were on Fre
mont street wharf and engaged in an
animated conversation. Exactly what
they were taJking about will never be
known, but before even a warning cry
could be given the girl was overboard and
struggling in the water. A couple of
planks were thrown overboard by her
companion, bat she made no attempt to
reach them. A box was thrown from the
steam schooner North Fork, and it floated
alongside of her as she was going down
for tne #ast time. She involuntarily
clutched it and managed to hold on until
help, in the shape of one of the steamer's
crew reached her.
The couple are Miss Ida Owens, who
lives on Central avenue, and Henry Chris
tensen. the master ot a coasting schooner.
They walke-1 down the wharf in a lovelike
manner, and when opposite the Spreckles'
drydock stopped to look at the North
Fork, which was being overhauled.
Christenscn, according to the men on
the steam schooner, made a remark to
Miss Owens that roused her anger.
She flashed back a remark and
he replied. Then she looked up
in surprise and apparently asked
a question. The man nodded, and
then whether the girl tripped and fell or
jumped overboard remains in doubt.
The men on the steamer say she jumped,
and Miss Owens is equally certain that
she tripped. One thing is certain — Chris
tensen a only attempt at rescue was the
throwing of a couple of pieces of scantling
overboard after her.
Seeing that the woman was in imminent
dancer Martin Bare, one of the North
j Fork's crew, sprang overboard after her.
j The vessel was in the floating-dock, and
' the dive must have been one ol about
forty feet, but the brave sailor did not
hesitate an instant. One of the vessels
light lines had been left towing astern
after the docking, and on coming to the
surface Bare seized it, and on reaching the
drowning girl made a bowline and put it
over her head and shoulders and under
her arms. H>- then gave the signal to
the men on the dry dock and they hauled
her ashore. Bare clambered up himself
and, not even waiting for thanks, hurried
aboard the steamer to chance his clothes.
When Miss Owens reached the wharf
Ccrietensen had a hack in waiting and he
at once placed her in it. They were hur
ried away, md when the home of Mrs.
Jorgensen, o»i Rincon Hill, was reached
the young lady was at once put to bed.
When seen later in the day she did not
j appear to be much the worse* for the duck
: ing. She denied having jumped over
i hoard, but asserted that during an excit
, ing argument she tripped and fell. Both
| C'hristensen and Mrs. Jorgensen were at
her bedside, and the former was doing
everything in his power for the invalid.
He laughed at the idea of a quarrel and
I said it was an accident pure and simple.
Martin Bare and the mate of the North
i Fork ass. rt that Miss Owens stamped her
foot in anger at Christensen's remark, and
that when lie nodded in reply to her ques
tion she jumped overboard. In any event,
what at tirst looked like ending in a trag
edy will now probably end in a wedding as
soon as Miss Owens is able to be out and
about again.
FOR PURER FOOD.
Inspector* of Bakeries TVHI ProhahlT
Be Appointed To- Day.
At the meeting of the Board of Health
to-day the matter of appointing inspectors
of bakeries will come up. For some time
past the hoard has been working with
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald with a
view of improving the sanitary conditions,
materials used and the condition of the
operative?. In this respect the two offices
! overlap, and both have been doing good
work in cleaning out some disreputable
places. The several bakers' unions have
been of great assistance to the officers, and
the new inspectors are likely to be selected
from the union ranks.
Their duties will be to inspect the mate
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
rials used in the production of food, Dread
stuffs, flour, lard, fruits, ecps, butter, etc.
The Board of Health has evidently de
termined to put a stop to the use of cheap
adulterations in food and to see that the
sanitation of every bakery in San Fran
cisco is as near perfect as :t can be made.
The Labor Commissioner is determined to
look after the condition of the workmen in
the bakeries. With a strong team of offi
cers it is likely that tne bakeries will turn
out a better class of food and the condition
of tne operatives be better than ever before.
MARRIAGE IN COURT.
Samuel Singerman and Kebecca Caaruer
Amicably Settle Their Dif
ferences,
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan was called
upon yesterday morning to unite in mar
riage Samuel Singerman, 31 years of age,
and Rebecca Casmer, 42 years of age. The
ceremony was performed in Judge Camp
bell's chambers and the Judge adjourned
court for a few moments to be present.
Singerman a lew weeks ago paid his ad
dresses to. Miss Casmer, who Jives at 512
Post street, and finally proposed marriage
and was accepted. He told Miss Casmer
that he could inaße money by opening a
cigar-stand, as he had been a cigar "drum
mer," if he had the capital to furnish the
stock. She gave him $2<JO worth of jew
elry to raise money upon, and Singerman
absconded with it. accompanied by a
young woman from Los Angeles.
Miss Casmer swore out a warrant for his
arrest in Judge Campbell's court for grand
larceny. He was arrested in Denver and
brought back last Friday by Detective
Crockett. Since being in prison he had
renewed his offer of marriage and was
again accepted. After the marriage cere
mony Judge Campbell dismissed the case
against Singerman, and bride and groom
left the court together to spend their
honey moon.
NEW SHIPPING ORDERS,
Congress Passes an Act Extend
ing the Time for Unload
ing Vessels.
The New Law Will Attract the
Biggest Ships in the Service
to This Harbor.
Collector Wise is in receipt of a circular
from Commissioner Chamberlain of the
Treasury Department officially notifying
him of an extension of time in unloading
vessels. This authority is found in an act
of Congress approved May 9, reading as
follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America, in Congress assembled, that section
2880 ol the Revised Statutes of the United
States be amended so as to read as follows':
"Section 2880. Whenever any merchandise
shall be imported into any port'of the United
States from any foreign port, in any vessel, at
the expiration of ton working days if the ves
sel Is less than 500 tons register, and within
fifteen working days if it is of 500 tons register
and less than 1000, and within twenty working
days if it is of 1000 tons register «nd less than
1500, and within twenty-live working days if
it is ot 1500 tons register and upward, not
including legal holidays and days when the
condition of the wenther prevents the unlad
ing oi the vessel with safety to its cargo, alter
the time within which the report of the master
of any vessel is required to De made to the col
lector of the district, if there is found any
merchnndise other than has been reported for
some other district or some foreign port, the
collector shall take possession thereof; but
with the consent of the owner or consignee ot
any merchandise, or with the consent of the
owner or master of the vessel in which the
same may be imported, the merchandise may
betaken possession of by the collector aft^r
one day's notice to the collector of the district.
All merchandise ho taken shall be delivered
pursuant to the order of the collector of the
district, for which a certificate or receipt shall
be granted."
The shipping interests of San Francisco
have been much retarded by the operation
of the old law. Vessels were compelled to
unload in from eight to fifteen days, ac
cording to the tonnage. This act was
passed in March, 1799, and was well
enough for the ships then in use.
Very few small vessels, however, are
now engaged in foreign trade, ships from
IMX) to 3000 tons being the rule rather than
the exception. It was hazardous, there
fore, with the conditions prevailing here,
for one of these modern trans-Atlantic
liners to come to San Francisco. The re
sult has been that ships have gone to such
ports as insured prompt unloading of
cargo.
The Surveyor of the Port and Stewart
Menzies began agilatine the matter before
Congress some months ago, and the result
of their labors is seen in the amended act
as printed above.
SEIFERT IS IN OHIO.
Marion County Attorney* Assert Posi
tively He Has Been Seen There
Recently.
The mystery surrounding the disappear
ance of Henry Seifert, who was vaguely
supposed to nave been murdered near
Kenwood about May 4. has been cleared
up. At least his wife thinks so.
Yesterday Mrs. Seifert received a letter
from Attorneys Sullivan & Geary of
Marion, Ohio, to the effect that the miss
ing man had been seen by several persons
near that place. H«e declined, so the letter
states, to give any reason for his appear
ance there alone.
Mrs. Seifert is indignant that she should
have been so cruelly deserted and proposes
to see' whether there is not some legal re
dress for an abandonen bride of three
months.
Bacfc of this peculiar action on the part
of Seifert is a love affair, which had been
going on for some months prior to the
binding of the present marriage knot.
How Seifert met the lady, now bearing
his name, is not known, but it is presumed
to have been through a marriage bureau.
In any event a long correspondence oc
curred between Seifert and the woman h.j
finally married, tbe bride-elect goin^ to
Youngstown, where the ceremony was
performed.
It seems if the Marion attorneys are cor
rect that Seifert grew tired of his Califor
nia bride, and, apparently yielding to her
influence, sold his property in Ohio and
started for the coast. This was merely an
excuse to be well rid of her.
Prior to his marriage with Mrs. Seifert,
so that lady says, he was greatly enam
ored of an Ohio belle of uncertain sum
mers, but that passion was all lost when
he beheld her. At least that was what
Seifert told her.
Now the bride of three months is in a
quandary. She cannot believe that her
lieee lord has gone back to the tirst love,
and yet respectable attorneys tell her that
he has been seen repeatedly in that nelgh-
Dorhood.
Mrs. Seifert has not yet decided just
what her plan of action will be if It is
finally proven that her husband is not
dead, but hovers in the flesh around his
former charmer. She promises, however,
to get even Ie some way,
WILL SOON BUILD.
Mission Lodge, F. and A. M., Has Pni-
chased a New Site.
The new building wnich Mission Lodge
No. 169, F. and A. M., has contemplated
building for some time past seems now an
assured fact. The lodge has been quietly
looking around for a suitable locality for
its new quarters and has selected a lot
on the west side of Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. The
lot has a frontage of 54 feet on Mission
street and a depth of 125 feet. It adjoins
on the rear the lot of Emmanuel Baptist
Church.
"Our present lease," said C. D. Bnnker,
the secretary of the lodge, yesterday, "will
expire a year from the coming; June, and
before that time our building will prob
ably be completed. No plans have been
made as yet, except the plans in the heads
of individual members. Within a month
or so probably, we will have decided upon
somethina definite. Until our new build
ing is completed the lodge will continue
to meet at its present lodgerooms at the
corner of Sixteenth and Valencia streets."
NEW TO-DAY.
knitJting co.
120 Sutter St., rooms 21-24, S. F.,
MANUFACTURERS &
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOR
SWEATERS !
# BICYCLE
"vAyßi^ RAGING
t BICYCLE
_ RACING
" SUITS.
-J-1P BATHING
■tsS^' SUITS.
EJTIREIV SEW STYLES, SEASOI 1896.
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALERS.— us for trade
prices. You can do best with us.
Beauties
Some of the prettiest effects
ever seen in percale shirts are
in this season's line of
"STANDARDS." Colored bo-
soms and cuffs, white collars
and body — this is the most pop-
ular kind. Ask for them.
•
' "I TRADE I*
I MB.
I MARK I
MONARCH .
V JIO.V.4 RI'H CYCLE JLtimCTGBnO CO., 8
(*, 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. $!
ji£ CHAS. BROWN A SOS, 807 Market, A t. .»«
V C F. SAI,nMOXSO:s* A CO., Twelfth and <**
'O_ Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. >*«
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSa
Th« Handsomest Family Theater In Amsrlcs.
WaL'IEK MOHO3CO, Sola Lease* and Managtf
THIS EVENLNU AT EIGHT.
Last Week ot America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER- —
." ;■ • In the Stirring Drama,
"METAMORA!"
Not Seen in This City for Twenty-five Tears.
Svcnsß Pbicju— 2so am Ma.
Family Circle and G&Uerr. 10a
Canal Bfacinees Saturday ana Sunday.
O'Farreil Street, Between Stockton and PoweH.
WE! BEGINNING MAY 25th,
THE SENSATION OF THE CITY!
McAvoy and May, Lizzie B. Kaymond,
Golden, Cha If ant and Golden and others.
 Reserved Scats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seals, 60c. -
Com ins— Edison's Marvel. "The Vitascaoe."
A HUNDRED YEARS OLD
Some Sound Scientific Suggestions to
Men and Women Who Are Looking;
Into the Future.
"How can I live a hundred years ?"
Very happy most of us would be if we only
knew the secret of the centenarian's life and
now that secret has *t last been discovered.
A well-known scientist, who made this dis-
covery, has for years past been investigating
the habits of men imd women who have
reached advanced years. He has found that
in nearly every case the people who enjoy the
healthiest and happiest old age are those who
mate regular use of some pure stimulant.
"After middle life," he says, "the enerßiei
droop and nature requires stimulating and
assisting. For this reason old people who wish
to be strong and well should never let a day
pass without taking some pure stimulant
which can be depended upon."
This is an interesting fact and It clearly
shows that scientific men are correct when
they tell us that nothing compares with a pure
stimulant for building up the system. They
also tell us that the safest and best stimulant
is pure malt whisky, because it is not only a
tonic but a food for the nerves and tissues.
There Is. in fact, only one pure whisky in ex-
istence, entirely free from adulteration. It is
known as Duffy's Pure Malt Whisky and
thousands of aged men and women have testi-
fied to its remarkable strengthening effects.
Elderly people who suffer from stomach ail-
mt'iu< or any form of weakness will tind great
relief from taking Duffy's pure malt. It is uot
au ordinary whisky, "but a pure stimulant
which contains all the properties that con-
tribute to health and none that can injure.
For this reason, in purchasing from grocers or
druggists, beware of inferior imitations and
insist on getting exactly what you a.sk ior.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
AiHavman AOOt (Incorporated) Proprietor!
SKCOND WEEK-MISS
ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. Augusiin Daly. .
TO-MOHT, Wednesday and Friday nights and
Saturday Matinee— An elaborate production
of Shakespeare s poetic comedy—
A MIDSHIJIER SIGHT'S DREIB.
With the sumptuous accessories used In the pro-
ductions at Italy's Theaters In N-ew York and
London. Special — Thursday evening, by request,
positively last time. "TheCoumess (Jucki": Satur-
day evening, only time, '-Lovo on Crutches."
3d week— Monilav and Wednesday evening,
"Twelfth Night" : Tuesday ev<-ninuaiirt Wednesiluy
matinee, "School for Scandal"; Thursday, double
bill, -'Belle's stratagem" and "The Honeymoon";
Friday and Saturday nights and Saturday "matinee,
"Taminp of thf Shrew." Seats now selling for all
remaining performances.
miCDLAnQtR.GOTTLOD« <?• itsi«AnotiAnM«4--- j
THE NEW I ARE
SPECIALTIES IMMENSE .
COME AND SEE THEM, AND
AMY LEE AND FRANK DOANE
— IN
~^MSS HARUM SCARUM !"
SEATS WILL BE ON SALE .
THURSDAY, MAY 28, 9 A. M.,
FOB TEE
FRAWLEY COMPANY!
"Two Escutcheons" Next Monday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. ishsksiise Kreliso, Proprietor <& Manage:
Crowds at Each Performance to See
The Regal Operatic Production of
"Ui\CLE TOM'S CAB!"
A SPECTACLE OF SUMPTUOUS
SPLENDOR.
SECURE YOUR SEATS WELL IN
ADVANCE.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
PEOPLE'S PALACE THEATER.-
. Corner Mason and Eddy Sts.
THURSDAY EVENING. MAY 28,
GRAND EIGHT-ROUND PHYSICAL CULTURE
CONTEST BETWEEN
OWEN _h %d _z EI C'L.ER
DAL HAWKINS
For a purse and a decision. Also a six-round go
between'
JOE SULLIVAN AND AN UNKNOWN.
Alsoeißht four-round boms by leading exponents
of the manly art.
Seats on sale daily at the box-office from 10 a. it.
Prices $1. $2 and $3. y
SUTROBATHS.
GRAND SPECIAL NIGHT.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
LADIES SHOULD SOT MISS IT.
BEAUTIFUL MOONLIGHT EFFECTS.
CHINESE LANTERN MARCH,
WATER MINUET.
Match Game of Water Polo,
Exciting Races, High and Fancy Diving,
By World-Renowned Professionals.
GKXK'rAL ADMISSION —
Adults, 1O Cents. Children, 5 Cents.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
Every Evening During Pleasant Weather.
TO-NIGHT! AT p:30!
fBALLOOX ASCENSION
WITH SEARCH LIGHT
— — BY— —
EM MABREBERG.
Appropriate Fireworks Decoration Day.
Admission 10 Cents. Children 10 Cents.
TESTIMONIAL CONCERT
TKSDERKD TO
MR. ROBERT TOLMIE.
Last appearance of the pianist before his depar>
tore for Europe under the auspices of
THE PIANISTS' (LIB 1
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM.
EUls and Mason Streets.
Tuesday Evening, May 26, 1896.
'' Admission. 75 Cents.
RACING! RACING! RACING
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, May 14th, '
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursdvt
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine.
FIVJS UK MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
' Races start at 2 :UU p. v. sharp.
• McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ata ■
B. B. JUIL.BO Y. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,.
Secretary. President. •
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
POSTPONED!
ON ACCOUNT OF RAIN THE PICNIC
OF THE — —
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
TO BE HELD
r- At GLEN WOOD PARK— J
■ Santa Cruz Mountains, -
THURSDAY.... MAY 31, 1890'
HAB BEEN POSTPONED TO ;
•Tlx-txx-e»caL£iy. jVr*vy- 28.
Tickets issued for May 21st will be good for May .
28th. Round trio. suit).
78
A GLIMPSE AT THE
RAILWAY'S BOOKS,
How the Combine Is on
Trial With Assessor
Siebe.
MISSING MEMORANDA.
J. L. Willcut's Unwilling Hunt
for Interesting Evi
dence.
PILES OF LEDGERS IN COURT.
Peculiar Basis on Which the Rail
road's Secretary Says the Pool
Was Formed.
Plt will not be the fault of the opponents
of Assessor Siebe and Judge Wallace if
the entire history of the consolidation of the
street railways does not come out.
Assessor Siebe is undergoing a prelimi
nary examination for perjury, but Siebe is
not the only one on trial. He is nomi
nally the only defendant, but much that
is interesting and tome that is sensational
w ili come out of those canvas-bound vol
umes which, under order of Judge Wal
lace, were brought into court from the
railroad office yesterday morninc.
There is but little to fear from the Su
preme Court under the present examina
tion. Judge Wallace is sitting as a com
mitting magistrate to investigate a crimi
nal charge against the Assessor. The
Assessor is charged with assessing the
property of the MarKet-street Railway
Company, worth, it is claimed, $18,500,000,
at $3,800,000, and then, after making such
&n assessment, swearing that he had done
his duty. On his oath to that effect the
charge of perjury is based.
Mr. Freidenrich and Mr. Naphtaly of
>"aphtaly, Freidenrich and Ackernian and
darrett "McEnerney ranged themselves at
the defendant's table as counsel for Seibe.
Andy Clunie tooU a smali corner of the
same table and established himself aj
counsel for the prosecution. J. L. Will
cut, secretary of the railway combination,
took the witness-stand and reluctantly
furnished the few facts of the morning.
Proceedings opened with the filing of a
demurrer Dy Mr. Freidenrich.
Mr. Freidenrich in his argument on the
demurrer stated that it was Dascd unon
the rroand that the complaint did not
ttate facts sufficient to constitute a public
offense. He said it was a well established
principle of law that perjury could not be
predicated upon any oath unless the mat
ter complained of was material to some
issue pending, or thr.t mieht become pend
ing, before any tribunal. The oath of the
Assessor attesting to tbe correctness of the
iiste^ineiH roll was not material to any
issue tliat could arise. The assessment
roll was cornpiete without the oath.
Judge Wallace saii there was no doubt
as to the correctness of the principle of
law as stated tjy counsel, hu'. he suggested
l hat the matter complained of ini^ht be
material to an issue ihat might arise be
fore the Board of Equalization. He said
that, although tlie roll was complete with
out tno oath, still the oath was supposed
to moan something; it was required for a
pr.rpose.
•I cannot hold.'' he paid, "that this
oath, the form of which is provided for in
the statute, means nothing, and that the
Legislature ihatiranied the oath in great
detail meant nothing. I shall overrule the
demurer."
The unwilling Mr. Willcut was then
sworn, and Mr. Clunie started in to show
that the property of the consolidated rail
waya was wortu far beyond $3,800,000.
}!:.r he had hard work. Mr. WiUcut said
that when the consolidation was made
there was no valuation of t tie property of
the various roads. The roads were taken
upon their earning capacity, or their sup
posed earning capacity. He said there
Mas no paper in existence that showed
what the property of the roads was worth,
and there were no minutes and no records
of the gigantic transaction any wl. ere.
The heads of the roads just met and
B?reed. It was decided that tbe roads
should have certain proportionate inter
ests. How they arrived at these propor
tions Mr. Willcut was quite willing to ex
plain, but his explanation enlightened
neither court, counsel nor spectators.
Then the court took a hand, but his
Honor's questions were much like drops of
rain on a pable roof. Then Clunie opened
lire once more. He wanted to know what
papers had ever been drawn up regarding
the consolidation. He was told there was
none. Some times Mr. Willcut made little
memoranda — just little ones in lead pencil
on very small bits of paper— but these had
been lost of destroyed. In fact he remem
bered having destroyed some himself. But
as to the basis of the capital stock the
directors hau just met and decided that it
should be $18,500 000.
The defense objected to this line of testi
mony. The question before the court, Mr.
Freidenrich said, was not the value of the
property of the railway company, but
whether or not Assessor Siebe had com
mitted perjury. His Honor thought that
as the perjury charge was based on the
allegation that the railway company's
property had not been assessed up to its
lull value, he thought the question of
valuation very material. Mr. Freidenrich
argued further, and then Mr. Clunia said
he thought tbe Assessor ought to be very
glad to get any information possible on the
subject.
Once more Mr. Willcut was asked if there
had ever been any paper regarding the
consolidation signed by the heads of
departments, and once more Mr. Willcut
gaiiJ "No."
Then Clunie produced a typewritten
document and read from it. It was a copy
of the agreement entered into at the time
of the consolidation and sisned by the
reprf-senatives of each corporation. It
showed that it was agreed that the capital
stock of the consolidated corporation
should be apportioned as follows: Niae
teen per cent to the Omnibus Cable Com
pany, 5 per cent to the North Beach and
Mission Railway Company and 76 percent
to the companies included in the Market-
Eireet system. It was further agreed that
the property and assets of the companies
t-hould be taken as they existed at tbe
time of the consolidation, and nil debts
and liabilities of each company to be
assumed by the consolidated corporation,
it being understood that the stockholders
of the Omnibus Cable Company would
arrange for deferring the payment of half
its floating indebtedness for at Jeast six
months.
It was further agreed that $18, 500,000
worth of 5 per cent bonds, payable in
thirty years, should be issued, secured by
all the property and franchises of the cor
poration. Clunie also showed that a sub
sequent agreement was signed when the
Ferries and Cliff House system was taken
nto tuo consolidation, by which 12,810 of
the total issue of 178,890 shares were dis
tributed to that corporation.
A light broke upon Mr. Wilicut and a
emile illuminated his features as he re
tailed that there was Indeed a document.
Mr. Clunie had reminded him of it. He
bad furnotten all about the document just
read.
Mr. Willcut's memory seemed to have
been jogged in more than one direction,
for ha rustled through more papers and
finally announced that in the "journal"
there was an "inventory" of the property
of each company. Just an inventory— no
valuation at all, but just en inventory —
yet when Clunie demanded the same he
read tho accounts in dollars and cents.
It was an interesting account. Perma
nent rights of way, which had been given
by the City for nothing at all, figure in the
list as worth $21,829,908 72 and the total
ran up to $27,255,606 60. Mr. \Villcut ex
plained that debits against this amount
brought it down to $13,500,000, the amount
of the capital stock.
The debit account was demanded, but
the bell clanged 12 o'clock and Judge Wal
lace ordered a recess until this morning.
This was to cive Mr. Willcut time to dig
up more papers. He asked what ones he
snould bring and Clunie said, "Better
bring them all." There will bo interest
ing times in court to-day.
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL.
Those Chosen on the Permanent Com
mittee on Organization.
The following named met last night and
selected a committee on permanent or
ganization for the carnival of the Golden
Gate: General R. H. Warfield, General S.
\V. Backus, Colonel John O'Byrne, J. H.
Mahoney, David Rich, J. A. Bteinbach, D.
S. Dorn and Henry I. Fisher.
The committee, which will meet in. the
Baldwin to-night to select officers, is com
posed of : General R. H. Warfield, com
manding the National Guard of Califor
nia; K. li, Soule, representing Hotel
Men's Association; David Rich, State
Development Committee and Commit
tee on Commerce: John A. Stein bach,
Native Sons and fraternaties; S. 11. Tacy,
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion; Oscar lioldeman, sonimercial travel
ers; P. W. Dohrmann, Merchants' Asso
ciation and German societies; Judge
George H. Bahrs, judiciary; General IS.
\V. Backus, Grand Army and Loyal
Legion; Colonel John O'Byrne, Irish so
cieties; Henry J. Crocker, Olympic Club
and Horse Association; F. H". Kerrigan,
League of American Wheelmen; R. 1\
DooUn, Mechanics' Institute; L. ii.
Eilert, ex-Mayors; W. H. Mills, Califor
nia State Board of Trade; Henry
I. Fisher, daily newspapers; J.
L. Rosenthal, retail merchants; H.
Levy Jr., wholesale merchants;
J. D. Spreckels, shipping; Colonel
George Stnne, mining industries; P. Till
min Jr., Grocers' Association; J. P. Ed
hoff, liquor-dealers' Association, Major J.
F. Smith, Young Men's Institute and
kindred societies, and Major J. L. Rath
bone, athletic associations.
Messrs. Gottlob & Friedlander have of
fered their theater and company any night
the committee may name for a benefit
night for the carnival fund.
FEIST IS A HAPPY MAN.
The President of the Emporium
Pleased With the First
Day's Business.
He Had Anticipated Success, but the
Event Exceeded His Fondest
Hopes.
The first day's business at The Empo
rium exceeded the most sanguine expecta
tions of the management.
Great thrones of buyers crowded the
aisles from early in the morning until the
closing hours, and large as the force of
cierks was it was found utterly impossible
to serve them ali.
Mr. Feist, the president of The Empo
rium Company and the projector of the
great enterprise, was the recipient of un
limited coneratulations.
A brief interview was obtained with
nini, in which he expressed his gratifica
tion in the wonderful success of the open
ing reception to the Dublic last Saturday
A. Fclst, President of the Emporium
Company.
afternoon, when it was estimated that
fully 125,000 people passed through the
building.
For seven years Mr. Feist has been plan
ning The Emporium— for live years work
ing unremiltinsly on his colossal scheme.
"1 anticipated great things," said lie,
"but not such a remarkable outpourine of
the people that came to us Saturday. The
success of The Emporium as a business
venture is assured, if to-day'g selling be
any criterion- No; leave me out of it,"
he continued, when asked for some facts
about himself. "The results before you
could never have been accomplished had
I not been aided by the outlay of vast
sums of money, and to tbose who have
furnished this capital a large part, in fact
the larger part, of the success of this en
terprise is due, and particularly to Mrs.
Parrott and Mr. C. de Guigne. In creat
ing this grand edifice they have rendered
an everlasting service to the City and
State."
Mr. Feist wa3 born in Germany about
fifty years ago and came to California dur
ing the war, where he has since been en
gaged in various mercantile pursuits,
principally in the dry-goods business, and
as a projector of great enterprises Mr.
Feist now ranks as one of the forepiost
men of the day.
While in the larger cities of the world
similar projects have been carried to a suc
cessful completion none of the great mer
cantile establishments approach in beauty
of design and modern facilities for doing
business San Francisco's great Emporium.
AN EVENING AUCTION SALE.
A'L»rg« Number of Lots Difipoaad Of by
O'Farrell St Co.
Several hundred people attended last
night at the auction-rooms of O'Farreli &
Co.. at the sale held by them of 100 lots in
the Excelsior Homestead. It was a crowd
that came to buy rather than out of curi
osity, and bidding from first to last was
very spirited. Allarpe percentage of the
total number of lots offered was disposed
of and excellent prices were realized, bet
ter prices in fact than were anticipated.
It was evident that a majority of the
bidders were personally familiar with the
property, and this was especially notice
able when an extra choice corner was put
up. The lots are well located, are nice
and level and ready for building, and the
success that attended their sale v;as ex
tremely gratifying to O'Farreil & Co.
Among the lowest forms of life tiiere are
not found any organs which, with pro
priety, can be called ears.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
THE TRANSFER
QUESTION SETTLED,
Obnoxious Check Agents
Will Be Dispensed With
Hereafter.
THE PEOPLE'S VICTORY.
Passage to Print by the Super
visors of the Dimond
Ordinance.
OTHER MATTERS ACTED ON.
No Choice Yet. Made of an Arcbitect
lor the New Municipal
Build'ng.
The people of the City nnd County of
San Francisco do ordain sis follows:
1. Kvery person, firm and corporation
operating streetcars within the City and
County of Shu Francisco that issue
transfers to passengers to enable them
to trniigfer to other cars operated by
the same or different owner shall issue
and deliver said transfers upon or within :
the car from which the passenger is
transferred, and not elsewhere.
2. No person except a duly au
thorized conductor or agent of a
person, firm or corporation operating a
line of street railroad within the City
and County of San Francisco shall '
I within said City and County issue, de
liver, jjive or sell to any other person •
whatever any transfer, transfer check
or ticket issued or purporting to be is- I
sued by surh person, firm or corpora
tion so operating surh line of street
railroad for passage on any street rail
road, car or line.
3. Every person, firm or corporation
operating a street railroad within said
City and County, and every conductor,
agent or other employe of such person,
firm or corporation violating the pro
visions of this order shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon con
\ ictimi thereof shall be punished by a
line not exceediug SSOO or by impris- j
onment in tho County Jail not exceed
ing six months, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.
The Dimond ordinance, for the passage
of which more than 12.f»00 people peti
tioned, was passed to print yesterday by
the Board of Supervisors, after being
amended.
The passage of the ordinance gives gen
eral satisfaction to the public, and will end
the agitation whicn has been going on re
garding the vexed question of the issuance
of streetcar transfers. The ordinance in
troduced by Supervisor Dimond as printed
above was amended by Supervisor
Spreckels. Section 2 is the amendment.
The ordinance must receive the Mayor's
signature before it becomes a law, or moat
be passed over his veto by a two-thirds
vote in case he should veto it.
When Mr. Dimond rose to mo"c for a
reconsideration of the action of the board
at its last meeting in refusing to pass bis
measure his desk was almost hidden from
sicht by the sheets of a hu^e petition,
which he said contained the names of
12,107 residents o! San Francisco who use i
the cars of the Market-street system almost j
duily.
The petitioners asked the board to abol- j
ish the transfer-check system and force i
the company to return to the old method j
of issuing transfers.
Mr. Dimond moved the adoption of his :
order, which was in the form of a resolu- |
tion, ami Mr. Spreckels offered the follow- j
ing amendment, that was at once accepted !
by M r. Dimond :
Section 2. No pcr?on except a duly author- '
iz^i conductor or agent ol a person, tirm or
corporation operating a line of street railroad
within the City ami county of San Francisco
shall, within *aid city and county, i^su.-, <i< -
liver, give or sell to any other person whatever '
any transfer, check or ticket issued or j.ur
poftiiiß to be issued by such person, linn «.r
corporation so operating such line of street
railroad for passage on any street railroad, car I
or Hue.
In this form the order passed without
a dissenting voice.
The ordinance ordering the clerk to ad
vertise for bids for a telephone and tele
graph franchise came up lor hnal passage,
but was put over for a week.
Sheriff Whelan sent in a protest against
the awarding of the contemplated con
tract for furnishing supplies for the jails
under his charge on the cruund that many
necessary articles had been left out of the
schedule which would have to be bought
in the open market and at a grrat loss.
The matter was referred back to the
joint Finance and Health and Tolice Com
mittee.
Two fruitless ballots on the plans for the
projected municipal building were taken.
Shea & Shea received 5 votes, Banks 4,
Mooser & Mooser 1 and Smith it Free
man 1.
Mr. Benjamin also offered a resolution
thai was carried depriving the Mayor of
the power of giving permission or free
licenses for boxing exhibitions and re
voking all of the permits now out. The
resolution places the power in tho hands
of the board.
A resolution was introduced and carried
making Branch Jail 3 instead of the City
Receiving Hospital the place of incarcera
tion of insane persons while awaiting ex
amination, and instructing Sheriff Whe
lan to expend $300 in fitting up the neces
sary rooms.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Summary of the Work
Considered at Yesterday's
Session.
The street work considered by the Board
of Supervisors at yesterday's session is
given in detail as follows: '
BESOLOTIOW OF AWAKI> OF STREET WORK.
Fifteenth, Utah to San Bruno— Grading 10 cents,
to A. c. Jackson.
Mariposa, Indiana to Pennsylvania— Grading 20
ecu la, to K. C. Drum. /
M south, Tenth to Eleventh avenue south—
Grading 30 cents: macadam, etc., 4 cents; side
walks l / 2 cents, curbs 16 cents, to Warren &
Malley. .
-N south. Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues south-
Grading SO cents; macadam, etc, 4 cents; side
walks li/ a cents, curbs 15 cents, 10 Warren &
Malley.
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— Bitumen 91 2
cents, granite curbs liO cents: Patrick Orlflin.
Kigliteenth avenue south. (1 to II south—Road
way. macadam 4 cents, sidewalks 2 cents, curbs
15 cents: N. C. Wells.
Eighteenth avenue south, I to J — Macadam
roadway 4 cents, sidewalks 2 cents, curbs IB cents:
N. C. Wells.
Klshteenth avenue and I crossing— Macadam
roadway 4 cents, sidewalk 2 cents, curbs 15 cents*
>. C. Wells.
Eighteenth avenue and J crossing— Roadway 4
cents, sidewalk 2 cents, curbs 15 cents; N. C
Wells. .. *
.Eighteenth avenue and II crossing— Roadway 4
cents, sidewalk '2 cents, curbs 15 cents: ft. C
Wells. '
Eighteenth avenue and X crossing — Boadway
4% cents, sidewalk 2 cents, curb* IB cents; War
ren .t Malley.
lii i- 1 ii, Church to Market— Plank sidewalk 67
cents; James Warren.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Twenty-first and Folsom corner— Stone side
walKsst>; Thomas R. Jeal.
*ln»t avenue and Clemen;— Eight-Inch sewer 73
cents, manhole $-27, corners *12'J; Williams, Bel
ser «fc Co.
Twenty-fourth avenue, A to C— Regradlng 10
cents; John Tuttle.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING STREKT WORK.
Point Lobos and Seventh avenues— Water inlet,
Point Lobos and Ninth avenues— Water inlet,
etc.
Point I obos aud Eleventh avenues— Water in
let, etc.
Point Lobos and Twelfth avenues— Water Inlet,
Vallejo, Webster and Filmore— Ten-inch pipe
sewer.
Utah. Seventeenth and Marlposa— Eight-inch
pipe sewer, etc.
J;iHh and Seventeenth crossing— Sewers, etc
i «ion and Steiner, southeast corner— etone side
walK.
rn ion and Pierce, southeast corner— Stone side-
Fifth avenue and A, southwest corner— Cesspool,
Fifth avenue and B, southwest corner— Cesspool,
£ c "i 'o Devisadero— Stone stdewalK.
Broderick, Jackson to Tonquin— Grading, etc
Noe and Fifteenth crossing— Bitumen.
•Moth avenue, Clement to Point Lobos— B-lnch
sewer, etc.
Fifth avenue and C, SW. corner— Cesspool, etc
Jiuighc, Sbrader to Stauyan— l2-lnch pipe sewer,
Thirteenth avenue, n to I— Graded.
RESOLUTION OK INTENTION.
Bay, Van Ness to Franklin— Bitumen.
Chestnut and Polk crossing— Grading and bitu
men. B
Francisco, Fillmore to Broderick— Macadam,
plank sjdewalks.
Francisco, Broderick to Baker— Macadam, plank
Sid ew ii Iks.
Devisadero, Pol* to Sutter— Bitumen.
Sinter and steiner corners— Stone sidewalks,
O Farrell and Steintr— Stone sidewalk*.
iillniore, (ieary to O'Farreil, west side— Stone
Sidewalks.
Fiiimore, Post to Geary, west side— Stone side
walks.
Steiner, Turk to Eddy, west side— StODe side
waiKs.
Webster, Filbert to Greenwich— Plank side
walks.
sixth avenue, Point Lobos to A— B-inch sewer,
etc.
Sixth avenue and A— l6-lnch sewer, manholes,
plank sidewalks, etc
sixth avenue, A to B— 16-inch sewer, etc
fcixth avenue and B— Sewer, etc.
RICHMOND FIRK PROTECTION. "
California, Second to Fourth avenues—Market
street Company to Improve spaces between tracks
to allow fire macnines to pas*.
WATKR MAINS.
Mission, Richmond avenue to Bosworth— Water
company directed to extend.
ASSESSMENT CONFIRMED.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Corbett— etc.
OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK.
Sixth avenue, Point Xobos to D— To be heard
June 1.
APPEAL PROM ASSESSMENT.
Pine, Devisadero to Broderick— Bitumen; as
sessment confirmed.
eeventeenth, Santa Clara to Douglass— To be
heard June 1.
BIDS REJECTED.
Russia avenue. Mission to Grading.
Eighteenth avenue south and L crossing—Mac
adamizing.
KEADVERTISE FOR PROPOSALS.
Prescott and Vallejo— Ten-Inch sewer, etc
Bernard, Taylor to Jones— Stone sidewalks.
PROPERTY-OWNERS TO PERFORM WORK.
Russia, Miss. on to Grading, sewering, etc
Twenty-first, Dolores to Church— S:one side
walK.
Klizabeth, Noe to Sanchez— sidewalks.
Jackson, Drummond to Uavis— Plank sidewalk.
ARTIFICIAL CURBS TO REMAIN.
York, Twentieth to Twenty-fine
ENGINEERING WORK ORDERED.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— Grading.
Pope, Mission to County line— Surveys, etc., and
cost.
Chelsea piece, off Bush— Surveys, etc., at cost of
*50.
EXTENSIONS GRANTED.
Hayes and Scott, crossing— Paving, 30 days.
Hayes and Scott, crossing— Sewers, etc. SO days.
Mission, Silver to Huron— Grading, 30 days.
Seventeenth, Church to Sanchez— Paving, 30
days.
Sixteenth, Church to Sanchez— Paving, 30 days.
Branuan, Ninth to Tenth— Paving, etc., 30 days.
r street, south, Tenth to Eleventh avenue.
south— Grading, etc., 30 days.
ACCEPTED CONDITIONALLY.
Stel&er, Washington to Jackson— Bitumen.
FULL ACCEPTANCES.
Elwood, off O'Farrell— Bitumen.
Bernard, Leaven worm to Jones— Basalt.
Caps, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Bitumen.
Devisadero, Thirteenth to Waller— Bitumen.
Page, *brader to stimyan — Bitumen.
Stelner, Clay to Washington— Basalt.
Scott, Hayes to Fell— Bitumen.
Seventeenth, Folsom to Shorn ell— Basalt.
Sanchez, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Bitumen,
Scott and Fell crossing— 11 men.
FOLSOM-STREKT SIDEWALKS.
Order reducing width four feet, provided prop
erty-owners defray all expenses of reduction. Laid
over one week.
PBOTKBT9.
Nineteenth, Sanchez, to Noe— Sidewalk.
Jackson, Powell to ilnaon— Mdewallcs.
Francisco, Taylor to Jones— Grading and basalt.
Fourteenth, Alpine to bouth Broderick— Paving,
etc.
Folsom, Sixth to Ninth — Reducing sidewalks.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— Gracing.
l)ore, Harrison to Bryant— Reducing sidewalks.
Fifteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Bitumen.
Ueary-sireel franchise extension — irom Non-
Partisan j arty, against granting to Market-street
Com pa- y.
Brazil avenue. Mission to Paris— Against award
ing contract on grading.
Chestnut and J, ark in crossing— Bltnmen.
Stnnyan — Sidewalks; work stopoed for six
months. »
PETITIONS.
Canal street— Repair of culvert.
Sixteenth avenue south. >' south— Lowering
grade.
(iiove, Fillmoreand Stelner— To retain curbs.
Lombard, Kearny and Montgomery— To blast.
Franklin. (Sreen to Lombard— Bitumen.
Lombard, Van Ness, westerly— Grading.
Bernice. Thirteenth— Sidewalks.
Julian avenue and Sixteenth— Sewer.
Twenty-third and Hoffman, etc.— Lights.
■JLTMI tatMMJOtO BYSTREET SUPER-
I.NTKNPKNT.
P street south. Tenth to Eleventh avenues—
Grading, etc.. 30 days.
Eighth, Market to FoUom — Bitumen, 30 days.
M&rlnosa, Pennsylvania to Mississippi— Gradinz,
30 days.
Clay, Stelner to Scott— Sidewalks, 30 days.
Baker, Beach to Tonquln— Grading, 90 days.
Jefferson, Broderick to Baker— Grading, 90 days.
Scot:, drove to Fulton— Paving, etc, SO days.
BCOU, Hayes to Grove— Paving, etc, 30 days.
Scot 1 and Grove, Intersection— 3o days.
STKKKT WOIIK I: KI'OM M K.MIKI) BY THE HITERIV
TINI«KNT OF STUKETS.
Charles, Chenery to railway right of way—Grad
ing:, etc.
Caledonia, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Bitumen.
Eighteenth, Dolores to Church— Bitumen.
Eighteenth and Church, crossing— Kitumen.
Eighteenth, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Eighteenth and Sanchez, crossing— Bitumen.
Eighteenth. Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Eighteenth and Noe, crossing— Bitumen.
1 Vnllejo, Pierce to Scott— Cobbles.
Mission (south side), Tenth to Eleventh— Stone
sidewalks.
Dolores, Twenty-fourth to Army— Plank aide
walks.
Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to Church— Plank side
walks.
Coattanooga, Twenty-fourth to Jersey— Plank
sidewalks.
Jersey, Dolores to Church— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-fifth, Florida to York-Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-second and Dolores, three corners— Stone
sidewalks.
Twenty-second, Fair Oaks to Dolores, south
side— Stone sidewalks.
Htetner, Green to Union— Basalt.
ORADK9 BECOMUENDXD,
B at Second and Third avenues.
0 at Second and Third avenues.
A at Third avenue.
By City Engineer that they be changed.
LOWEST BIDS.
Fifteenth and San Bruno, crossing— Grading IS
cents, Warren * Malley.
Marlpona and Utah, crossing— 18%
cents, S. L. Lent.
Fourteenth avenue south and N south crossing —
Grading 10 cents, roadway 3 cents, sidewalks 2
cents, M. C. Logan.
Cole, Waller to Frederick-Stone sidewalks.
Stanyan, Frederick to Eighteenth— Stone side
walks.
Stauyan street— To withdraw from protest
against stone sidewalks.
Fillmore, Vallejo to Green— 9-foot stone side
walks.
Illinois and Sixteenth— Water main and hydrant.
Page, east of Masonic— 8- foot sidewalk.
I'ouglass, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth—Side
walks.
Twenty-third. Castro to Douglass— Sidewalks.
Elizabeth, Castro to Douglass— Sidewalks.
Cornell, Clara to Douglass— Extension on con
tract.
Corbett, Clara to Cassell— Extension on contract.
Seventh avenue, II to — To sign grading con
tract. '
Core. Howard to Folsom— Lights.
B,Oand Second and Third avenues— Change of
grades in crossings.
Chenery, inirmount to Castro— Extension of
time on grading, etc.
Devlsadero, Oak to Page— Stone sidewalks; post
poned for three months.
Pierce, Broadway to Union— TO put In good
oraer.
Powell, Broadway to Jackson— Repairing.
Chenery, Falrmountto Beconsideratlo
Of action on sewering.
ACCEPTANCES.
Juniper, Folsom to Harrison— Bitumen.
Kissling. Eleventh to Twelfth— Bitumen.
Lay ana Leavenworth, crossing— Basalt.
■ APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Serpentine avenue lower terrace, to Serpentine
road, grading, etc.
CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Carlos place, O'Farrell to end— Bitumen.
_ ,', £B» ACCEPTANCE BKCOMHK.NBID.
i-ell, Masonic avenue to Clayton— Bitumen,
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Bitumen.
Grove, i.ußuna to Buchanan— Bitumen.
1 ago, Goncli to Octavla-Bltumen.
ban Carlos. EiKhteenth to Sycamore— Bitumen.
Twenty-second, Church to Chattanooga— Basalt.
* ell ana Ashbury, crossing-Bitumen. .
ell and Clayton, crossing—
Twenty-second Pennsylvania to Indiana—Grad
ing 'JO cents, F. U. Drum.
twenty-second, Mississippi to Pennsylvania-
Grading -2X cents, S. L Lent!
r\ south. Thirteenth to Fourteenth avenue
south— Grnding 10 cents, curb 15 cents, roadway
8 cents, sidewalk •_' cent* J. AI. Handley.
> south, Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenue- Same.
Camp, Albion to Guerrero— Bitumen, 18 6-10
cents. John K. Morton; 18Vi and L'l cents, Pacitic
Paving Company.
California anu First avenue crossing— Pavin? 20
cents, 927 50 for corners, Pacific Paving Company.
tureen and Jones, crossing-Paving l'-i'- cents.
Pacific Paving Company.
IwelfihaiMl Bvrnice, corner and sidewalks-*SB
each corner. Thomas K. Jeal.
"•Una Vista, Waller to Thirteenth— Pewer, 14
-lnch, 85 cents, inlet $50, each manhole $50, FTinn
& Iracey.
Ford, Sanchez to Noe-Sewer, 8-lnch, 68 cents,
manhole each *'.!5, Thomas Pbilbin.
fifteenth avenue, I'otrero to Utah— Sewer 71
cents, manhole J'J9 60, Williams, Belser & Co.
"»*« an <i Sixteenth, crossing-Sewer $1 25
and *1 50, Daniel Kelleher.
Street Committee's Report.
In favor of communications from Superintendent
of Streets, except for paving, etc.
Franklin, Lombard to Bay, which was laid over
six months.
Recommending street work, filed May 16.
Requesting clerk to readvertlse for bids on street
work filed May 18.
Requesting extensions of time on contracts of
street, work, filed May 18.
Requesting 'certain street work be ordered done
filed May 18.
Requesting that the grading of Thirteenth,
avenue, from H to I, be passed to resolution order
ing the work done, filed May 4.
RECOMMENDED FOR ACCEPTANCE.
Bernard, Leavenworth to Jones— Basalt.
Capp, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Bitumen.
Devisadero. Thirteenth to Bitumen.
Jlaight, steiner to Pierce — J itumen.
Pace, Hhrader to Stanvan— Bitumen,
gteiner. Clay to Washington-Basalt.
Scott, Haves to Fell— Bitumen.
Seventeenth, Folsom to shotwell— Basalt.
Sanchez, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Bitumen.
Scott and Fell, crossing— Bitumen.
Bteiner, Washington to JacKson, conditional-
Bitumen.
RECOMMENDATIONS.
Award of contracts for street work to lowest
bidders, bids received May 18, except for:
Eighteenth avenue south and L south — Crossing.
Devlsadero, Oak to Page— Sidewalk.
Laid over by committee— Fairmount to
Castro— Proposals for sewering, etc.
Contract to recfade Twenty-fourth avenue from
A to C, to John Tut tie; proposal opened April 20.
Russell avenue, Mission to Paris, grading, etc.—
That bids be rejected and that properiy-owners be
allowed to nerform the work.
That clerk be directed to advertise for proposals
on franchise of People's Mutual telephone,
Transmuting a description of property on ex
tension of Ryun and (ireen, to be appraised, to
Thomas Magee, A. S. Baldwin and O. H. Umbsen.
In favor of p otentH of property-owners against
paving, etc., uollingwood, Nineteenth and Twen
tieth, and referring same to Superintendent of
Streets to start work with basalt.
In favor of protests against paving, etc., with
bitumen. Diamond, Seventeenth to Eighteenth,
i and referring same to superintendent of Streets to
Mart stone sidewalks. ■ • -.= ■
In favor of petition requesting bids be readver
tis-<l for construction of Btoue sidewalks on Ber
nard, Taylor to J ones.
I"R0TK8T8 REPORTED FAVORABLY.
Chenery, Castro to Randall— Grading.
Cole, Jlaißht to Waller— Sum* sidewalks.
Clayton, liaightto Waller— Stone sidewalks.
Spear, Market to -Mission— Sewer.
Guerrero, Nlneteeulh to Twentieth— Stone side
walks.
Francisco, Taylor to Jones—
Franklin, Lombard to Bay— Paving, etc
First ana Howard, corner— Sidewalk.
PETITIONS REPORTED FAVORABLY.
Dolores. Fifteenth to Nineteenth— Postponing for
six months paving, etc.
Chenery. Castro to Randall— withdraw from a
protest. Work stopped for six months.
Jones, Geary to fost— Stopping work on side
walks for six months.
Eighteenth avenue south and L, corners—Re
jecting bids and referring to Superintendent of
Streets.
Commercial, Front to Davis— Directing Superin
tendent of Streets to repave with basalt.
Russia avenue, Mission to Paris— Grading, prop
erty-owners to i erform work.
Grove, Scott to Devisadero— work on
sewer till next fiscal year.
Coillngwood, Eighteenth to Nineteenth—Stop
ping basalt, in favor of directing to pave with
bitumen.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— Grading, etc
Folsom, Third to Nineteenth— Reducing side
walks to fifteen feet, providing property-owners
defray expense of change.
Myrtle avenue, Geary to Stopping work
; on sidewalks lor ninety days.
Klwood, O'Farrell -to Mr.son — For acceptance.
Brannan, Ninth to Tenth— Extension of thirty
days on paving. . ■
Jackson, Drutnm to Davis— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-first, Dolores to Church— Six-foot stone
sidewalk.
Brannan, near Fifth— Plans sidewalk.
Vreelon, near Fourth— Plank sidewalk.
Prospect avenue, Coso to Kmera'd— out
let.
Army. Church to Sanchez— Plank sidewalk.
Twenty-ttrst, l'otrero to Hampshire— Sewer.
iloulton place — Sewer. .*-'
Greenwich street, Leavenworth to Hyde—ln
favor of gradinc and of referring to. "superintendent
of Streets to recommend.
Brady, Market to Mission— Sewer.
Chelsea, Bush southerly — In favor of empower
! Ing < i y engineer to reuort grades.
It'll, !<coit to Devisadero— stone sidewalks.
Klizabcih, .Nou and Sanchez— btone sidewalk,
I six feet.
York, Twentieth to Twenty-first— To retain stone
curbs.
Tope, Mission to county line — Establishing
I grades; grading, etc.
rROTKSTS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Polk, Cedar to Geary — .Stone sidewalks.
Diamond, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Paving,
etc.
Colo, Frederick to Carl— Stone sidewalks.
Golden Gate, Filimore to Steiner— Stone side
walks.
Filimore, Golden Gate to Turk— Stone sidewalks.
Nineteenth, Sancnes to Castro— Plank side
walks.
Douglass, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Paving,
etc.
PETITIONS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Baker, Clay to Washington— Reconsideration of
paving.
Filimore. Yallejo to Green— Paving; extension
of time.
California. Central to Walnut— Release from
sewer contract.
Point Lobos and Fourth avenues— Release from
water inteis contract.
Market and Devlsudero streets— Release from In
let contract.
Seventh avenue, L to N— Grading half width.
Washington and Powell— Extension of time on
aldewalKS.
.Eighteenth avenue south— Reconsideration of
grading and paving.
Aldlne, Wiilard to Btanyan— Release of contract
on grading, ■■:<•.
PROTESTS PLACED OH FILE.
Against expenditure of public money for street
sprinkling.
shotwill, Seventeenth to Eighteenth—
sidewalks.
PETITIONS PLACED OX FILE.
Jackson, Steiner to Siott— Inspection of side- ;
walks.
Stevenson and Herrmann— Sidewalk.
Mnripnsn, Indiana to Pennsylvania — Insert I
bid of 17 cents in John Kelso's proposal for grad
in.-.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— To readvertlse for <
bids. Work has commenced.
Van Ness, Pine to Hayes— Provision In tax levy
for paving with bitumen.
Van Ness— Requesting order declaring It a boule
vard be put into effect.
ALAMO SQ UABB CONTRACT.
Contractor required to ■ proceed with work Of
grading without delay.
STREET WORK BARRED.
Twenty-first, Folsom to Harrison — Paring
■topped for six months.
ASSESSMENT CONFIRM ED.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Corbett— For expense of
lower.
APPEALS FBOK ASSESSMENT.
Seventeenth, Santo Clara to Douglass—
ing: to be heard June 1, 3 p. m.
Pine, Devisadero to Broderick— Paving; to be
heard June 1, 3 p. m.
PROTESTS TO BE HEARD.
Sixth avenue. Point Lobos to D— 3-foot bitumi
nous sidewalks, at 3 p. k., June 1.
_ _ ' ' NEW TO-PAT.'
C. R, EAGER, E. P. GRAY
President. - • Secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing. Cement, Gravel, Etc.
Office— 4o4 Seventeenth Street. Barns— s33 and
535 Seventeenth Street. Telephone Mission 188.
President and Secretary's Office— 659 Market
Street, Room 12. Telephone Main 5780.
Sign Painting Taught.
415 Market St.
EVENING CLASSES.
For Particulars call or address M.
NICHOLSON.
N. CLARK & SONS,
MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IN *
JSZEX^TZEirL FXPB.
Tel. Main 771. Office— l 7 and 19 Spear St.
' " NEW TODAY. _ I
CITT
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
IT. DOTARD 12 J. W. McDOXALD, Pres
C. B. BTOH E j 2 W. E. DENNISOX, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP -[% COL. J. H.MENDKLU
J.W. JirPOXAM) I 5 Corps of Engineers, U.S.
\V.K.DEN:CISO>'ja. . (Retired),
Consulting Engineer.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
~ . and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
IM'l'rilL'Y Ml\'l7*J Wharves, Jetties and
Dill Til Jill hj. Seawalls.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. I Property which does not
have a perfect title -Is a bad investment. A
policy of insurance in the
CALIFORNIA TITLE IMRAXCE
m TRUST COJIPAH
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE.
And secures the purchaser against all loss
and damages incident to record defects.
The Company has a paid up cash capital o]
'250,000 and a cash reserve fund of $25,000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
Jtii\KYLU.V\KI)o:i real estate at car
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract plaal
west of the Rocky Mountains.
OFFICE-MILLS BUILDING-
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins. 4 .1. S. Severance,
N. T. Smith.
A. C. Bassett President
.J. H. Swift Vice-rr«*irtent
T". C Lewis Secretary
PACIFIC PifHG COMPANY
(Incorporated 1887),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
Santa Cruz and San I.vis Obispo Bitu-
minous Kock For Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE-Rooms 106 and 108 Fhelan
Building. Telephone— Main 656. : ■
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED Trap rock
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE--316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORE.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEIN EH AND WALLER ST9-,
Telephone West 14. , ■
WARREN & GALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. f/k\ Tft IfTAPC
Telephone, Main 120* tvil lilA VI Vli\
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna Sta.
Telephone, West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE >f3i.
OMPANY.
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations,
Cellar Floor*, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work.
14 POST ST. Telephone Main lIP.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA^ ST., ROOM 9.
JOHN TUTTLE,
CONTRACTOR,
Telephone West 583. 516 Halght St
ALVA B. CLUTK, C. 8. HARNKV,
. President. Vice- and Manager.
Union Paving and Contracting Co.,
302 3IOXTOOMEBY ST.
ENSIGN & McQUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Faints, Varnishes, Nevada Compound, etc
S3 SPEAK ST. Telephone 5320.
D 9. D BUILDING
LJOI PAPER. . .
BOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO. j
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing: and Paving
Fitch, Roof Paints, Roofing Felt.
Felt, Pitch and Gravel .Roofs as put on by us are
the standard roofs for business buildings in the
most progressive cities of the i- astern States. The
quality of our work is unexcelled anywhere. - - .
GEORGE GOODMAN,!
PATENTEE AND MANUFACTURER OP
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN" ALL ITS BRANCHES.
OFFICE-307 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEVADA BLOCK.
P £ R COMPOSITION AND
ri « P' GRAVEL ROOFING.
Parafflne Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stonework, Bituminous Paving
Sidewalks, Driveways, Cellars, Ktc.
124 SAXSOME STKKKT. ROOM 2.
Yard— S. W. corner Harrison and Eighth Streets.
JOHN K. MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON.
SMPSOII & till MR Searchers
OlillliMM a .'lllili 111, ot'Reoords
, Branch Office, NW.cor. McAllister and Larkln.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. San Francisco
FLINN & TREACY.
ART -- STONE -- SIDEWALKS -- AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
301 MONTOOMERY ST.
FIRE PDnnriNRGLADDING.McBEAN&CO.
r Int rnUur Into osa - uro market st
ROM AH SDiPirCLADDING.McBEANaCO.
nUNIMrI SniUn 1353-1360 market st.
NEW TO-DAY. _r . _^
FAI L Cq
'Sf'm' A'
DocTOßjiiuiiif
No physician in the United States is so
thoroughly equipped and well prepared to
treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
renowned specialist, who is permanently
located at 737 Market street. San Francisco.
With a thorough literary and professional
' education, and with extensive experience
in the practice of Nervous, Chronic and
Private diseases of both sexes, he cures
every curable case in the catalogue of
human ills. He addresses himself in par-
ticular to cases that have baffled the skill
and science of other doctors. His patients
are among the most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, miners,
farmers, laborers, literary and professional
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted
the skill of their family physicians with-
out obtaining relief. His name is a suffi-
cient guarantee of a perfect cure of ever}'
case he undertakes. Consult him, either
in person or by letter, this day. A confi-
dential chat may save you much" mental
and physical suffering and add golden
years to your life.
iVTI!VftI\ nVRHITV ° r every kindt name
iiiillHJU>l I'UlMlilll and nature, a spe-
cialty. This distinguished doctor's success In
cases of this character lias been really phe-
nomenal.
YAIIUP \W\ if TOU are troubled wlta
lvUillK iUEiil, night emissions, exhausting
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci-
ety, stupid ness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-coniidence, which de-
prive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
fit you for study, business or marriage — it you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man.
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD Ml S e o^a
of you troubled with weak, achine backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
of nervous debility and premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of th«
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
BLOOD \\\\ SRl\' Diseases, 8 Sores, Spots,
i>LW»U Mil oMil pimples. Scrofula,
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the system in a strong, pure
aud healthful state.
IMlMlil AMI I MilAll l ful. difficult, too
frequent, milky or bloody urine, unnatural
discharges speedily cured.
PRIVATE 1 diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, Stric-
I 1111. i 1 L tures. Syphilis, Hydrocele, V&rico-
cele, Tenderness, Swellings, Weakness of Or-
gans, Piles and Fistula. Rupture quickly
cured without pain or detention from business."
1 1 1 'V \1)I> JI which poisons the Breath, Stom-
-1: 11:1111111 ach and Lungs and paves the
wav for Consumption, Throat, Liver, Heart,
Kidney, Bladder and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles, Fistula,
treated farcin advance of any other institution
in this country.
I \!)!1\ if ? OVL are suffering from persistent
Ij.ilFiriS> headaches, painful menstruation,
leucorrhoea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of the womb, or any other distress-
Ing ailment peculiar to your sex, you should
consult DR. SWEANY without delay. He cures
when others fail.
PI? PI? treatment for the POOR who call on
lluu Friday afternoons.
ll'|>|l<r T our troubles fully and frankly and
II 111 1 li effective treatment will be sent you,
free from observation, to any part of the coun-
try. Thousands cured at home. Book entitled
'.'Guide to Health" sent free to those describ-
ing their troubles. All communications sa-
credly confidential. Office hours: U till 12
a. m. and 3 till 5 and 7 till Bp. m. Sundays, 10
till 12 only. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M P., 737 Market St..
I. L. OlfLHiil^m. U., San Francisco, Cal.
"BAZAAR*
WHAT
EVERY
LADY
WANTS.
We have just opened our SUM*
MER BELTS. They are made
in every conceivable style and
material.
B 2-inch Leather.. 25c
I^-inch Fancy Silk 250
■
1-inch Lined Leather 25c
El-inch White Kid....; 25c
-LW 1-inch Patent Leather 25c
L 1-Inch Heavy Gold Bullion 25c
1-inch Gold Bullion Miniature
Buckle ...,50c
T 1-inch Patent Leather, lined 500
13- 2 -inch White Kid, Covered
Buckle 50c
S 2-inch Cinch Belts sOc
I 1-inch Genuine SeaL Cso
STERLING n C
silver / 1) p
SHIRT WAIST Mil
SETS, p pr C p }
925 1000 Fine. ' Cl Odl '
42ARNYSt
PvonrV 5 . VK 5^" BJ£BT ' °- VK To EXAMINE
■*■ your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of bis own invention,
wnose superiority has not been equaled- My auo>
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Oilico iloura- 12 to iv. m."EMANCIPATION
OF THE MIND,"
Dr. Derrick Lectures to the
1 Good Citizenship "
Meeting.
FATHER YORKE'S WORDS
They Are Made the Subject of
Criticism by the A. P. A.
Speaker.
A EABBI IS TAKEN TO TASK.
Proceedings of the Y. M. I. Grand
Council the Main Theme of the
Discourse.
Despite the charms and attractions of
outdoor recreation on Sunday there was a
notable increase in the attendance at the
pood-citizenship meeting at Metropolitan
Hall over that of the Sunday previous.
After the usual preliminary sxercises M.
T. Brewer, the State secretary of the
American Protective Association, made a
few remarks on the advantages of giving
the franchise to the women of the coun
try. He declared he was in favor of a fair
ballot and an honest count, and added
that this would be more likely to come
after the women had been given the privi
lege of the ballot-box. Taking up another
vein of thought, he said :
"We have been charged with dealing in
elurs, anathemas ana slanders. Now, lam
sincere when I say that 'may my own arm
be palsied and my tongue cleave to the
roof of my mouth' if they are ever used to
defame womankind, whether that woman
kind be of the Protestant or the Catholic
faith."
Before introducing the speaker of the
day Chairman Quitzow spoke as follows:
"It has been asserted that I have said
■we have captured the Republican Conven
tion. I want to say tuat the Republican
Convention was dominated by American
ism to such an extent that we* very nearly
carried out cur ideas there. I would say
that so far as the Republican party is con
cerned it is the party of progress and ad
vancement, and if the Republican party
takes up the principles of the American
Protective Association it is bound to se
cure our votes to that extent.
"I would say further that I have been
credited with saying that we have cap
tured the Roman Catnolic Church. As
far as that statement is concerned, I am
proud to say that they are feeling the ef
fects of our forcible arguments and that
they now throw their doors wide open,
even to the remains of patriots which are
covered with the American flag."
Dr. George H. Derrick of Oakland was
introduced by Mr. Quitzow. The doctor
was a new advocate of the principles of
the American Protective Association ;o
most of the audience, but he was not long
in. getting thoroughly en rapport with his
hearers, judging from the frequent and
liear.ty applause that his remarks elicited.
His subject was "The Emancipation of
the Mind," though he was down on the
printed program me to speak on '"The Old
Idol." After reviewing the historical
events which led to the establishment of
the Government of the United States, as
he described it, '"without a king and a re
ligion without a Pope," he continued:
"As I picked up a paper a few mornings
ago my eye fell upon a statement which
seemed to me, in the light of the history
of this country, a peculiar one."
The speaker here read the statement re
ferred to. It was as follows:
"It is hard not to try in some way to up
raise the veil and see what destiny God
has reserved for this great people. There
fore, to-day, brethren of the Y. M. 1., 1
come to address to you a word on the part
which I oelieve you should play in the
years to come. It is without doubt the
mission of the Catholic church to make
this country Catholic."
Commenting on this Dr. DerncE said:
"When I read that I sadly thought to
myself what would be the feelings of those
who landed on Plymouth Hock if they
could know that, after 250 years ot earnest
labor, we had arrived at a place where it
is the avowed purpose of a great organiza
tion to mate tnis country Catholic ana
bring it back to where the worhi was when
they leit it.
"I tell you, my friends, that it may not
be the proper thine to hit that idol on tne
head, but I say that when the idol raises
its head it is time for the American people
to knock that idol down. What must be
the feelings that throb in patriotic breasts
to-day when we find such statements as
these placed before us and published in
our morning papers as being the avowed
purpose of this organization."
Quoting again from the address of
Father Yorke to the Y. M. I. Dr. Derrick
read :
"I come to speak to you, not as a mem
ber of your institute, or as a delegate to
your Grand Council, nor as a fellow
citizen to hia fellow-citizens."
Here, turning to his audience, the
Speaker remarked in a sort of an aside :
"Well, now. I wonder how this man
■was to speak." [Langhter.]
Reading once more from the newspaper
he held in his hand Dr. Derrick continued :
'•I speak to you as a priest of God and
as one having authority to epeas in the
name of God."
"I want to know," remarked the speaker,
"when that man stood there and said that
he spoke in the name and by the authority
ox God how much thinking they did?
There must have been an oversiopping of
ideas. There must have been a wonderful
symposium of thought when they received
that word and eiruply accepted it as the
true principle."
Taking another thought for his theme
he proceeded:
•'Not long ago from this very platform a
lecture was delivered by Father Yorke and
present was one of the principal rabbis of
the City, who introduced the sneaker. In
the course of his remarks this rabbi stated
that it wa3 due to the efforts of the Catho
lic church that civil and religious liberty
was ua<Je possible in this country.
"In view of the events 01 the past week
I want to ask this rabbi if he is desirous of
having his words indorsed by the thou
sands and thousands of his race in this
country; I want to ask him if he is de
sirous of reviving the persecutions of the
Jews, and if he desires to bring bacK the
period when no one dared to declare him
self to be a Jewish rabbi.
"Now, ray friends, are we prepared to
Lave the constitutions of our State and
National Government modeled on the
principles of medieval Europe? Oh, my
Jriends, may the American Protective As
sociation deliver this country from any
thing that savors of such a thing: may
the American people rise en masse and
Etc that every form of superstition is
driven away by the education wuich is im
parted to our children in the little red
Echoolhouse."
GAMBLERS ARE FOILED.
Captain Bowie* of the Steamer Colum
bia Forces Them to Yield 11l-
Got Coin.
Rome half dozen passengers on the
eteamer Columbia, which arrived from
Portland on Sunday, have Captain Bowles
to thank for saving them some $500 in
gooa hard coin.
Shortly after leaving Portland four sure
tlnng gamb.'ers made their presence felt
in various ways. Firpt they tried the shell
eame, with only fair success. This was
followed by a game of euchre, which
turned into poker after a few deals. The
combination rung in a pack of marked
cards, with the result that some $400
passed into the coffers of the sure-thing
men.
Ihe victims entered no particular prot
est, but the matter became noised over the
boat. Captain Bowles heard of the scheme,
and just before reachius this port he made
a demand on the men for the return of the
coin. The gamblers indignantly denied
that anything wrong had occurred, but
they finally returned the money under
protest. Captain Bowles determined to
have the gamblers arrested, but hardly
had the steamer touched the landing than
the four men made their escape over the
side and were soon lost in the crowd.
Incidentally it may be remarked that
the Columbia broke the record from Port
land to San Francisco by nearly two hours.
Forty-eight hours to the minute was the
time consumed in the trip down.
• —^ —
POPPER'S PLAIN TALK.
He Hinti at Boss Influence on the
Actions of the Election
Commissioners.
The Election Commissioners held a
somewhat heated session yesterday and
all because Max Popper in a speech in
which he advocated reforms in the man
ner of choosing election officers, and made
pointed remarks in relation to a hidden
power, which, he declared, had much to
do with the action of the Commissioners in
ihe way of choosing officials. This refer
ence to a boss was taken up by Auditor
Broderick, who indignantly denied that
he, at any rate, was bound to any boss.
Popper said that he had a scheme which
would obviate election frauds and was in
vited by the Commissioners to submit it
for their consideration.
Kegistrar Hinton announced that he
had appointed the following extra clerks
pursuant to tde instructions of the board:
P. J. Murphy, Chauncey Barber, J. M.
Norgues, P. A. Morbio, Timothy Donovan,
P. T. Big by and Joseph Goeer.
JUDGE DOUTHITT DEAD.
The Passing; Away of a Pioneer Lawyer
of This Coast.
Judge I). William Douthitt, a pioneer of
this State, a member of the California
Commandery, Knights Templar No. 1, and
a veteran of the Mexican "War, who died at
Colorado Springs, Colo., May 10, 1896, was
an old and respected member of this com
munity. The deceased had practiced law
in this City for thirty years, up to three
years ago, when he retired.
He was at one time District Attorney
for Portland, Or., and at various times
had been engaged in newspaper pursuits
in this State.
He was a native of Tennessee and left a
widow and four children. The interment
took place at Colorado Springs under
Masonic auspices, May 13, 1896.
ANOTHER BLANTHER SEEN
Thought to Be Traveling Near
King City as a Piano-
Tuner.
But the Police Say That He Has Gone
East by the Texas Pacific
Railroad.
Mrs. Wallace, wife of Superintendent
Wallace of the big Dunphy ranch ten
miles from King City, arrived in town
yesterday with a startling Blanther story.
She says that a man answering in all re
spects the published description of the j
suspect visited her residence last Thurs- {
day. The man wore glasses, talked with
a German accent and kept his left hand;
gloved. He claimed to be a piano-tuner, '
but never asked to loou at the piano in the j
house. He was given accommodations
foi the night and engaged himself in i
writing letters and what seemed to be a
diary. He kept out of the light of the
lamp and disappeared before daylight.
He was anxious to disclaim ail interest in
the San Francisco papers and in a gentle
manly wny evaded all inquiries. The fact
of his being gloved excited peculiar notice.
Mrs. Wallace has given full particulars
to Sheriff Mathews of Monterey County
who will investigate the matter.
♦
THE POLICE THEORY.
They Say Blanther Did Not Go to
Mexico, but Slipped Away
East.
Josef E. Blanther, the murderer of Mrs.
Langfeldt, did not cross the border into
Mexico as was at first supposed.
Captain Lees had wired Chief of Police '
Rink at El Paso to see Conductor Rich on
his arrival there again and ascertain what
he knew about Blanther's movements.
The captain received a dispatch yesterday
from Chief Rink that Rich saw Blanther
on Tuesday, May 19, the day after he ar
rived in El Palso in a brand new suit of
clothes of brown material, light Fedora
hat and black kid gloves. The coat was a ,
frock.
At 5 p. m. that day Blanther left on the
Te^as Pacific Railroad train which went as
far east as Fort Worth, a distance of about
600 miles. If he went there he could have
gone in nearly twenty different ways.
Steamboats could carry him out of
American waters to South American or
European ports. By taking a train to the
north he could ride to Oklahoma or Indian
Territories, or he could have continued his
journey eastward and have arrived at New
York or Chicago before now. It is not
known yet how far he journeyed on the
Texas Pacific, but inquiries by telegraph
have been made on the point
Blanther will, it is thought, continue his
travels until his funds get exhausted and
then he will either do something despe
rate to replenish his exchequer or en
deavor to hide himself in some remote
corner.
Captain Lees is hard at work getting the
new circulars out, but he is meeting with
unexpected obstacles in getting them
from the printers, more particularly those
in the Spanish language. A force of men
was busily engaged all day in stamping
and addressing envelopes in readiness for
the circulars.
• — •—• — • — -• .
INSANELY JEALOUS.
Mamie Green, a Colored Matron, At
tempts to Commit Suicide.
Mamie Green, wife of D. B. Green, a col
ored performer at the Midway Plaisauce,
made an attempt yesterday afternoon to
commit suicide in her room in the Second
street House, Second and Minna streets.
She swallowed an ounce of chloroform
and supplemented it with a dose of mor
phine.
She was hurried to the Receiving Hospi
tal in the patrol-wagon and Dr. Fitz
gibbon promptly applied the usual reme
dies. Ihe chances of her recovery are
doubtful.
Her husband called at the hospital to
see her. He said she was insanely jealous
of him and had several times threatened
to kill herself. They had been married
three years, but had no children.
• * •
Schooner Kate Nairn a Keleased.
The sealing schooner Kate Karma, Captain
Lutjens, seized ia December last for sealing
■without a license, was ordered released by the
Treasury Department yesterday. Her owners
will be compelled to pay the expenses Incident
to the seizure, amounting to about fiJOO.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
SPIRITUALISTS
HAIL BARRETT.
Stirring Address by the
Spiritualists' National
President.
IS THE PRESENT AGE
INTOLERANT ?
Resolution Favoring a State
Spiritualist Association
Drafted.
TRIBUTE TO THE CONVENTION'S
SECRETARY.
It Is Decided That They Hold Three
Sessions To-Day to Finish
ths Work.
The Spiritualistic Convention opened
rather late yesterday morning, owing to
the fact that everybody was enjoying such
a good time socially that the president
Some Prominent Members of the Spiritualistic Convention Now in Session-
forgot to tap his gavel upon the desk till
nearly 11 o'clock.
President Harrison D. Barrett was im
mediately introduced to his audience
and made a classic and eloquent plea
for organization. His address, however,
was not confined entirely to the subject of
organization. During the conn>e of his
remarks he referred to a wide range of
subjects, such as the charlatan element
of the spiritualists, the status of these
bodies both in England and the United
States, and the persecutions men are now
undergoing in many States of the Union
for their religious beliefs. His words
in part were as follows:
This subject Is so large a one that I doubt if
in the limited time at my command I can do
it justice. I Fuppose, as organization is the
main object of our convention, I might us well
begin with a reference to those former con ven
| tions held for the same purpose which deter-
I mined the condition of spiritualistic bodies as
i they extst in the United States to-day.
The first was held in 1872 and '73, in thedays
! of that erratic genius, Victoria Woodhull, and
i 1 am proud and happy to be able to state that
I that association died a natural death, because
it tried to foist that most damnable of all doc
trines, free love, upon the world. [Applause.]
Then there was the Clii'-ago convention oi
j 1893. Many of the believers in the cardinal
j principles of spiritualism strenuously objected
! to this convention — said spiritualists did not
j want organization, that they were so thor
| oughly individualized that It was entirely im
practicable.
1 had ihe honor to be a delegate to that con
vention and was in addition on the committee
lof credentials. What was my surprise on go
ing into that convention on the morning of its
! inauguration to find 203 delegates, represent-
I inn in all thirty-three States. [Loud applause.]
The first question of importance to come up
! was whether or not the word "religion" should
be cast from the constitution. It caused one
of the stormiest scenes ever witnessed. Fifteen
or twenty persons were on their feet at once,
I all clamoring to be given a voice in the pro
ceedings. It was defeated by a vote of 183
to 20.
I see before me now one who passed through
all the exciting scenes of that great convention;
she who was unanimously elected as one of
the national trustees aud incorporators, ana to
; whom is largely due the success of the present
| meeting. I refer to the secretary of our meet
ing. Mrs. Elizabeth Kellogg. [Uproarious ap
plause.]
And now the question naturally arises,
Why did we go to Washington, D. C., as the
headquarters of the association? The solution
is simplicity itself, liecause there is the point
where the eyes of the Amcricau public are
i oftenest turned; there we could be closer to
| the heart of the Nation, where we could feel
; the quick pulsation of public opinion; and
! there resides the law-making power of our
country.
The last reason I hare given 'n, perhaps, the
strongest of all, because It is twofold ; not only
would we bo where we could most actively
engage in the work of influencing legislation
for the better, but as so many of the Congress
men are so impure aud corrupt of principle as
to lay the foundation of a powerful realistic
novel, to be entitled, "In Darkest Washing
ton," we have one of the most beautiful fields
for missionary labor you ever saw. [Laughter.]
"Why do we want organization?" you say.
I answer: Because in unity and co-operation
lies strength. There you have it in a nutshell.
There is no such thing as a creed in spiritual
ism, nothing whatever to give room to any
discordant element. Kven the ism of our name
was given to us by others. The time is coming
when, unlike the great philosopher of initi
quity, we are going to move the world without
a fulcrum.
There is another thing on which I wish to
speak— the protection of our mediums. You
say they have got perfect rights under the
! laws of tho different Stages. Dear friends, two
years ago 1 received a telegram, whica read as
follows:
"Come at once. I am under arrest. Waste
no time in granting vat: this favor."
I went and I found that that man had been
arrested for carrying on a spiritualistic meet
ing. Do you call this a free country when men
like our persecuted Adventist brethren of
Georgia, Tennessee, Arkansas and Alabama
are put into prisons right along because they
work on Sunday? .Ladies ana gentlemen, we
must fight these things. They Lave no place
in a free country.
If we are strongly organized we can down
these abuses and persecutions. Let us put
men on the platform who understand the
prooer use of the English language, not verbal
clodhoppers whose words stumble over their
own tongues. We want such men as will be
looked on as representatives, like Theodore
Parker of the Unitarians, Talmage of the
Presbyterians, Spurgeon, Wilson and let me
not forget grand old Danton of our own belief.
Another thing in which we want to take a
more active Interest is the subject of alms
houses and hospitals for aged and indigent
members of our own persuasion. Many of the
grandest old fighters of our faith are now de
pendent upon the of a cold, hard world.
We ought to provide the comforts of life to
them in their autumn of life and place them
where they can receive the benefits of magnetic
healing and other modes of treatment peculiar
tons. Lyceums for children would also come
under the head of institutions we should es
tablish.
Aud now let me end my address to you this
morning with a denial of the fsct that I and
other ollicers of this great National association
are getting rich. I have delivered 123 ad
dresses since January 1, and to-day am in debt
on account of a former illness. Other officers
have worked as hard as 1 and are no better off.
My desire is not to grow wealthy, but to see us
grow richer in knowledge and experience; to
sec the dsy when our armor will be so invul
nerable that the thunderbolts of orthodoxy
will glide harmlessly off and leave us in hap
piness and peace.
The conclusion of the president's speech
was attended by the most boisterous en
thusiasm. As he took his seat those who
occupied the seats of honor with him on
tne platform crowded round to congratu
late him. The whole house was in a buzz
of excitement.
Quiet was finally restored by W. D. J.
Ham bley. a delegate irom the First Spir
itual Union of San Jose, who obtained the
floor and asked the president if be were in
favor of forming State societies.
"Yes," was the answer, "I am; but un
til they are formed I am in favor of your
seeking protection by coining into the Na
tional body."
Various remarks on the subject of or
ganization were made by the delegate?,
and then President Barrett rose and said
he was just in receipt of a letter by special
delivery from the National association.
He then read the communication to the
assembled delegates. The following is a
copy
Washington, D. C, May 20, 1896.
To the Spiritualist* of California, Greeting:
The National Association sends fraternal greet
ings.
The great need of the home Is harmony and
union. May there be no North, Sonth, East or
West in the spiritual vineyard, but shoulder to
shoulder the grand army of progression march
on to victory. The time has come for united <
action. California spiritualists, representa
tives of a great, liberty-loving people, will, I
am sure, unite to speed ihe day when the
Clem shall not dictate what laws legislators
(-hall enai:t; when churcn property shall be
taxed, and Sunday, the people's day, not made
holy by law; when mediums shall neither be
arrested nor taxed because they have been en
dowed with gifts by nature; when we shall
once more have the right to enter spirit life
free trom the effects of drugs j>re
s.'rit»ed by regulated and protected quacks:
when "gods" will not, through their
appointed representatives, become so small
ami so much to de-ire temporal power as to
wish to be placed in the constitution of the
United States.
California is on record at this office ns
against God in the constitution. May Califor
nia assist us at once in this age of reason to
write, if need be, a new Declaration of Inde
pendence, thus promulgating the true rights
of man — and woman, too.
Francis B. Woodbcry. Secretary H. S. A.
J. J. Morse, the official lecturer of the
Psychical Research Society of this City,
was then introduced by the president and
spoke of the affairs of spiritualism in
Great Britain. He also referred to the Ly
ceum Banner, a spiritualistic periodical
for children, which, he said, was the only
paper of the kind in the world.
"I am editor of this children's sheet,"
lie added, "but in my absence the cares of
that position devolve uuon my daughter,
Florence."
Much of his speech was devoted to the
establishment of ly^eums for the children
of believers. In conclusion he said:
"They tell me that porous plasters are
good for weak backs. What we want to do
is to put spiritual porous plasters on our
backs and go in to conquer the world."
A motion was here carried to adjourn,
and a recess was taken until the afternoon.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Resolution for Organization and
Some Interesting
Papers.
As soon as the body had convened in
the afternoon J. J. Morse of Ban Jose rose
ana presented a resolution for organiza
• tion.
A paper was presented by John Brown,
"the medium of tho Rockies," who is so
■ aged that his eyes would not permit his
i reading it himself. The burden of the
i article was to the effect that the spirits
! had been telling him for years that such a
convention, for the purpose of organiza
tion, should be held in California.
Several persons then followed with brief
speeches on the same subject. The presi
dent of the National Association also gave
a few words of advice as to how they
I should go to work to accomplish the de
sired end.
It was decided that no final adjourn
ment be taken until this evening, and a
fresh committee on the subject of organi
zation was appointed to take action on the
foregoing resolution. An adjournment
was then taken till evening.
EVENING SESSION.
For Devotion to Duty Mrs. Sloper
Is Presented With an
Emblem.
The evening session was opened with an
overture by Professor Young's orchestra,
after which the local president, William
Ryder, stepped to the front and introduced
Mrs. J. J. Whitney.
Said Mrs. Whitney: "When my sister in
the noble religion of spiritualism, Mrs.
Elizabeth Sloper, came to me and told me
Children Crvfor Pitcher's Caetoria.
that we were going to hold a grand con
vention here for the purpose of organiza
tion I was surprised beyond measure.
"We have decided that, in view of the
strenuous and unselbsh endeavors that i
our sister has put forth in our behalf, we
shall present her with this token of our es
teem, a oeautiful jewel in the shape of a
Maltese cross, with our emblematic flower
upon it."
Here Mrs. Whitney stepped forward to
where Mra. Sloper sat and in a pretty
little speech presented her with the jewel.
"Friends and fellow-spiritualists." said
Mrs. Sloper, in acknowledgment, "this is
one of the proudest and happiest moments
of my life, and I feel bound to say that the
realization of my unwortb and the small
amount of labor I have expended in the
affair does not in any great degree detract
from my happiness.
"My whole desire in this world is to see
our grand and true religion grow to be rec
ognised of all men as the noble fabric it
really is."
President Barrett then spofce briefly, end
ing with introducing J. J. Morse, the pres
ident of the San Francisco Psychical So
ciety.
The latter read a resolution recom
mended by the committee of which he
was chairman thanking everybody for hia
efforts in behalf of the convention and
the press for their liberality in publishing
news.
Now came the great feature of the pro
gramme—John Slater in tests. He was
called forth from the audience by Presi
dent Kyder, and as he stepped upon the
platform there was an expectant hush.
"I am not here to-night to gull any
body," he began, ''and before you leave
this hall you will all agree with me. Re
memLer. 1 my you will, for I intend to
make you believe.
"These things oftentimes occur to you —
these phenomena 1 am going to bring be
fore you, and you oftentimes wonder why
they are."
Tn en Slater stood very still, with his
eyes closed in a dreamy manner, and sud
denly opening them began to speak rapidly
and to describe aomethinc that had taken
place in the life of some one present dur
ing the day. \Vhen be asked that man if
these things had happened the man, in
what seemed a rather reluctant manner,
admitted that it was so.
He then went through many of these
circumstances.
After several short speeches the session
came to a close by the singing of "Ameri
ca." It was stated that to-day William
Emmette Coleman may be on hand.
During the progress of the evening a
very pleasing allusion was made to Joan
Rodes Buchanan, the gray-haired octo
genarian, who poses almost as a patriarch
of the cult.
THE NATION'S BIRTHDAY,
Committees Named to Have
Charge of the Cele
bration.
A Proposition to Combine the Day of
Independence With the
Carnival.
Eighteen members of the executive com
mittee of the Fourth of July committee on
celebration answered rohcall yesterday on
being called to order by Chairman Charles
J. King.
S, L. Lunt, president of the day, called
upon the members to use their best
energies to make the celebration a
success.
Chairman King stated that he had at his
request called on General Wartield, who
had suggested that the committee do all
in its power to have the grandest military
display on the Fourth and suggested that
General Moeller would probably bring up
tho Third Brigade pending trie committee
could raise $ 4500 for transportation. Before
the meeting adjourned Chairman King
received a dispatch announcing that the
Third could not be brought to San Fran
citco.
The secretary read the following list of
committees that had been named:
Finance committee— l. J. Truman (chairman),
E. R. LUienthal, Arthur ff. Tovvne, Mark Shel
don, louis Sloss, i. \V. Hellman Jr., J. B. Stet
son, Isaac Upham, D. R. McNeil, <J. B. Stone,
Colonel A.S. Hnbbard, Rnphael Weill, A. A.
Waikins, C. W. Crocker, Arpad Haraszthy, C. L.
Taylor, Captain D. A. Mac Donald, \V. \V. Mon
tagne, J. K. Wilson, Irving M. Scott, D. J.
Staples, E. B. Pond, 11. L. Tickner, Henry L.
Davis, 11. M. Wroden, George D. Toy, J. J.
O'Brien, F. W. Dohrmann, Percy Beamish, M.
Khrman, J. K. C. Hobbs, S. C. Hammond,
.lames 1). Phelan, A. P. Ilotaling, John D.
Bpreckela, John D. Tnllaut, I. Gutte, Stewart
Measles, Henry J. Crocker, A. T. Hatch, Frank
0. Worth, T. J. Persons, J. O. B. Gunn, C.
O'Connor. C. Schilling, C. E. Ceniamin.
Literary committee— A. S. Ilallldle (chair
man), Arthur Kodgero, Edwin Bcnnell, P. A.
Berserot, William F. Gibson, H. L. Davis, C. L.
I. >iarais, William Greer Harrison, Joseph
B lit ton.
Printing committee— Samuel Foster (chair
man), Arthur G. Towne, Peter Fay, George T.
Phclps, Oscar Hermann-
Parade committee— Captain J. A. Mar^o
(chairman). Major J. A. Whiteside, Bdward
Hnllfliul, Captain F. Hanson, J. R. Garrett,
Luke Battles, John Tuttle.
Music committee — H. C. Schaertzer (chair
man). Dr. Frank 11. Titus, A. 1L Speck, E. J.
Ensign.
Auditing committee — John Gillson. chair
man; H. L. Tickner, Mark Lane, Charles Jl.
Pium Jr., Morris Marcus.
Keßalia committee— Joseph P. Kelley, chair
man; O-car Hermann, A. J. Ralsch.
Transportation committee — Sam C. Ham
mond, chairman; James D. Phelan, Henry
Moffatt.
Jlacks and carriages— W. G. Poane, chair
man; M. J. Ward, Captain F. Hanson.
The president of the day and grand
marshal were made cx-ofh'cio members of
each committee and the chairman of each
committee was empowered to rill va
cancies
A. S. Hallidie suggested that as steps
had been taken in the matter of getting a
liesta in San Francisco it might be well to
see if the two celebrations conid not be
merged, and to that end G. W. Elder, I. J.
Truman, Captain Margo, G. H. Umbsen
and C. P. L. Mai ait were named a commit
tee to confer with the fiesta committee.
W. A. C. Smith was elected assistant
secretary by a vote of 12 to 7 and then it
was decided that if a second assistant is
needed W. J. Rightmier will be chosen.
On motion of Samuel Foster, Dr. George
L. Fitch voting in the negative, the chair
men of the committees were empowered to
add ladies to each committee, the nom
inations to be subject to the approval of
the executive committee.
The executive committee will hereafter
meet every Monday night.
CAPTAIN SMITH'S DEATH.
Evidence That He Committed Suicide
Obtained by the Coroner.
It has been ascertained that Captain A.
W. Smith, wha died at 807J4 Golden Gate
avenue on May 21, committed suicide,
though it was supposed he was the victim
of opium poisoning.
Dr. Samuel Hall signed a death cer
tificate and took it to the Board of Health,
but it was refused. Coroner Hawkins will
hold an inquest next Friday.
He has discovered two important wit
nesses — T. Harder, ft saloon-keeper at 7
Market street, and F. Hnber of Alameda,
to whom Captain Smith remarked in Har
der's saloon the day before his death that
he proposed to commit suicide because of
family troubles. _
Tried to Choke Hla Wife.
Mrs. Agnes Bourke, wife of Herman Bourke,
1336 Alabama street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Campbell's court yesterday charging
her husband with battery. She said that on
Saturday night he threw a rope round her neck
and tried to cnoke her. Then he struck her to
the face. His reason for doing so was because
she had refused to turn over her property in
him, including the bouse in which they lived.
NEW TO-DAT.'
Plumpness is prosper-
ity, good nature, hap-
piness* It is not to |
shiver with every cold
breeze; it is defense j
against coughs, shelter
from Neuralgia, shield
against nervous pros-
tration; better than all
— security from germs
of Consumption and
an escape from a thou-
sand aches and pains
which cling to a poorly
nourished body* Scott/s
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
phites will make thin
people not over-fat, but
plump* It smoothes out
the wrinkles and brings
the dimples back*
A
The Power
of Manhood.
WHEN YOU LOSE THAT
power you have lost all
the best of life. There is a
charm gone from your exist-
ence, and you miss it more than
anything else.
But when, you regain it after
years of incapacity your heart
will leap with joy — then the
bright spirit will shine forth in
your eye, and the happy smile
in your countenance will tell
your acquaintances that you
have found a new existence.
Then you meet your friends
with the strong clasp of the
hand and the look of confidence
which tell them that "here is
the new-born man."
Your every action bespeaks
new manhood. You are then a
better man physically and men-
tally than if you had never
known weakness.
"You can say that I wns
nearly a wreck in every way,
but I am now a better man than
I ever thought of being," says
L. L. Jaccard, the Jeweler, of
San Leandro, Cal., after using
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Some men feel that they are
not weak, though they are not :
what they might be in manly
vigor had they not lightly trans- !
gressed the laws of Nature. !
These are just the ones who !
most appreciate the value of Dr. !
Sanden's Belt. In a few weeks
they learn that it can make them
twice as strong as they were.
"Before I began using your j
{Belt I thought there was not
much the matter with me, but
after using it a month I have
found the value of good health,"
says Wm. Simpson, Goleta, Cal.
Electricity is wonderful in its
strengthening influence. Your
vitality seems to grow stronger
and more buoyant every day.
There seems no limit to your
energies. You can do twice the
amount of work you formerly
could, and not get weary.
"I can do as much work as
any two men now," says L.
C. Minzard, Napa, Gal.
Words cannot tell of the full-
some gratitude felt by the men
who have been restored to man-
hood by Dr. Sanden's Electric
►Belt. Will you become one of
its happy patients? You can
learn how great has been its
good work by reading the little
book, "Three Classes of Men,"
which Dr. Sanden will send you
free, closely sealed, on request.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., r
630 Market Street. San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. it. M
8:30 P. ■.; Sundays, 10 to 1. :■;.<-.'*
•: v OFFICES AT: «^ „,»
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I TORTLAND, OR.,
so* Santa Broadway. 1 253 Washington siiett,
WEV TO-PAT.
I AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY JUNE 2, 1806
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOMS MARKET ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
South line (No*. 125 and 127) or Kills
Street, 87:6 feet east of Mason.
This is an elegant piece of business property la
second block from Market St., either east or south;
also In rear of the Tivoll, and adjoins the Hotel
Lans;ham. improved; would pay largely on Invest-
ment. Examine this for an Investment. Large
lot, 50x101) feet, with one-half right In brick wall
on west line of lot.
GOLDEN GATE IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast corner of Oak find Lyon Sts.f
Nq. 1327 Oak and No. 124 Lyon St.
Improvements: 2 French 'flats. Each contains
salon parlor, drawing-room, kitchen, 4 bedrooms,
bath and laundry, etc. Klezanlly finished: mod-
era improvements. Opposite the Golden Gate
Park. Examine this lor Investment. Rents
readily. Choice neighborhood. several electric
anu cable roads. Lot 25x81:2 feet.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.-
West line (No*. 326-332) of Nde St., 30
feet north of Seventeenth.
Improvements: 4 French flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each. Brick foundation. Street macada-
mized. Castro cable; Bixt^enth-st. electric-cars.
Large lot, 50x95 feet, with 5-foot alley to Seven-
teenth St. ■ ■■■■". .-;•
MISSION RESIDENCE LOT.
West line Florida St., 234 feet south of
Twentieth.
Lot ready for building; street sewered and mac-
adamized; plank walk; Potrero cars; lot 26x100.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE RESIDENCE.
North lino (No. £002) of Golden Gate
Aye., 31 feet west of Lyon.
Two-story bay-windows; seven large rooms and
bath and large yard: choice flower-yard: must be
sold; examine it; McAllister cable and electric
cars: large lot 30x100.
FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS LOT. '«
Southeast line Folsoin St., 125 feet
southwest of Ninth.
This choice lot is in a business location, all ready
for building. With proper improvements would
pay well. Street In basalt stone; electric and
cable cars; lot 25x95.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
W. line (Nob. 432 and 432%) of Sanchez
St., 53 feet N. of Eighteenth.
Handsome building, with bay-windows, contain-
ing 2 French flats of o rooms and bath each; -brick
foundation; high basement: street bltumintzed;
rents $30; S. t'. and S. il. e'.ecric-road; lot 25x
100.
MISSION SUNNY COTTAGE.
W. line (No. 430) of Sanchez St., 78 feet
N. of Eighteenth.
Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion; street bitumlnized; rent $14; S. F. and a. M.
electric- road: this property adjoins the above; lot
25x100.
Ie-ie-ie
MISSION BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE
LOTS,
Fronting San Jose Aye., Twenty- ninth
and Tiffany Sts.
This line of business and residence lots Is very
favorably located, b;ing at the terminus of the
Va(encia-st. cable and within one block of the
Mission electric-cars, while the Ban Francisco and
San Mateo electric passes in front of the property;
there are 16 choice lots, 4 of which front Twenty-
ninth St., 6 front Ban Jose aye. and 6 Tiffany St.;
these lots are all ready for building: street sew-
ered; new plank walk In front of the premises.
TERMS— One-third cash, balance in 1 and 2
years; interest 7 cent per annum.
ASTON, JKLDKIDGE St CO.,'
Auctioneers.
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
STATEMENT
....OF THE....
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
....OP THE...
COMMERCIAL ONION
INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST DAY
December, A. D. 1895, and for the rear ending
on that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the state of (a'iiornif., pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stcck paid up In
cash $1,250,000 00
ASSETS. '
Real estate owned by company. $ 2,392,751 53
Loans on bonds and mortgages 816,074 63
Cash market value of all slocks and
bonds owned by company 6,129,317 90
A mount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other markei-
aole securities as collateral 206,764 70
Cash in banks 1,752,322 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 83818
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 8,81398
Premiums indue course of collection 1,316,000 98
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 109,391
Total assets, lite department 8,999,928 04
Sundry offices tor guarantees and re-
insurance on losses already paid... 420,577 85
Rents and interest due 3,892 25
| Stamps in hand 2.370 20
Total assets.. 3,20,653,543 45
LIABILITIES.
: Losses adjusted and unpaid *|
Losses In process of adjustment or : *ii«k win m
in suspense.... 5 ! ♦°°" IOW w
Losses resisted, Including expenses J
Gross premiums on lire risks run-'
\ nlnirone year or less (reinsur-
I ance 50 per cent) I <• 015 ann nn
i Gross premiums on fire risks run- f I>olo-ow1 > ol0 - ow «*»
nlnjc more than one year (rein- 1
' surance pro rain) J
I Gross premiums on marine and In- |
land navigaiioa rla&a (reinsur- |
ance 100 per cent)...... 1- 950,00000
; Gross premiums on marine time |
risk* (reinsurance 60 per cent).. J
! Liabilities under life di: part men 1 8,999,928 04
| Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 2,414 79
! All other demands against the com-
j pany.. 2,278,173 M
Total 1iabi1itie5.. .................g1*,631,616 79
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for lire
premiums. 866.922 79
, Net cash actually received for ma-
j rine premiums 1,150,602 77
! Received for Interest and dividends
| on bonds, stocks, loans and from
I all other sources 332,371 68
| Received for transfer fees. 265 89
Total Income of life department 1 ,240,733 01
Total income i f 8,200,785 80
EXPENDITURES.
Net: amount paid for fire losses $3,295,514 62
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 797,342 93
Dividends to stockholders. 312,025 87
raid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 787,665 SO
Paid for salaries, fees and other)
charges for officers, clerks, etc... ! , 9(t o oo« \a
Paid for State, National and local f *.*«>»**« "»
taxes J
All other payments and expendi- --.•*
j tures 854,881
Total expenditures *7,316,422 36
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during
the year. $3,183.074 00 $788,833 00
RISKS AND. PREMIUMS.
I HTBH BIBKS. j PREHir»M.
Net amount : of
risks written
during the year. $1,995,944,996 $7,266 47373
Net • amount of ;.;•.•*.-
risks expired
during the year.. 1,079,880,172 4,595,656 68
Net amount in
force December
81,1895......... 1.363,996,153 4,720,76013
'MARINE BISKS. PREMIUMS.
Net amount of .
risks written
during the year.. $388,957,055 $1,656,635 00
Net amount of
risks expired
during the year- 383,735,405 1,637,775 00
Net amount in
force December
81,1896.......:. 94,345,600 963,52500
JOHN TKOTTER, Chairman.
H. Mass, Secretary.
Subscriber! and sworn to before me this 17th day
of April, 1896. 'G. V. Wabbo, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH OFFICE,
301 California Street.
C. F. MULLINS, Manasrer.
910
WAR ON FRANK
GOULD HAS BEGUN,
Not Likely to Be Chairman
of the Democratic
Convention.
A BOOM FOR W. T. JETER.
Gould's Partnership With Mc-
Nab, Daggett and Sam
Rainey.
JAMES H. O'BRIEN'S REMARKS.
The Busy Federal Brigade, Anxious
Jim Budd and Braunhart's
New Warpath.
Talk about the chairmanship of the
Democratic State Convention increases as
June 16 nears, and with it develops
steadily the strong probability that the
chairman will be some Democrat other
than Frank Gould of Stockton, the present
chairman of the State Central Committee.
Gould's strength, his chairmanship
boom and his political prosTpeeti generally
depend mainly on John Daggett and Gavin
McNab, his political partners. This in
teresting firm figures on controlling the '
convention and the new State Central
Committee as far as possible. Dageett.
mainly through his pationage power, will !
control many delegates to the convention j
and a number of party workers. He will j
have a considerable scattering strength I
over the State, and, with McNab, will |
absolutely control the Junta delegation '
from tbis City for gold, for the administra- j
tion and for the local machine. That is
what he puts in.
IfcNab has an extremely small personal |
following, but he controls the Junta ma- :
chine, which is composed of a few small
politicians.
Gould, likewise, has no considerable |
measure of influence or popularity in the i
party, but he is chairman of the State
Central Committee. As such he cracked j
through the McNab programme at the
last meeting of the State Central Commit- '
tee, and as juch he is counted on to place j
the Junta delegation on the temporary j
roll and otherwise assist the McNab-Dag
gett programme in the convention.
Gould's candidacy for the convention
chairmanship has thus sprung from his
partnership with Dasrgett and McNab, and ;
these partners have furnished whatever j
momentum it has acquired.
But Democrats generally do not serious- j
ly thinK that Gould will get the chairman- j
ship, and they think that when the time i
comes some weightier Democrat will be j
asked to preside over the important party
gathering.
Lieutenant-Governor W. T. Jeter is the '
only man now prominently mentioned
since W. W. Foote refused to be a candi- i
date, because he wanted to be a delegate- '
at-large to Chicago. Quite a boom for
Jeter has begun to develop throughout t c j
State, and his mentis are pointing at his i
iong and clean record in State politics, his
popularity and his fitness for the place at
a time when an able and a broad and fair
minded mac ia needed.
Gould is the candidate of the Junta, but
he is being bitterly opposed by the Buck- j
leyites in tbe City and sniffed at by the !
Democratic politicians of the interior.
Remarks by James H. O'Brien yesterday
were typical of the anti-Gould estimate of
Gould.
"What earthly reason can be given i
why Gould should be Honored with the
chairmanship of the State Convention?"
said Mr. O'Brien. "What claim has he on
the party? And who is Gould anyway?
He is a" little Stockton lawyer who was
made Speaker of the Assembly once, and
then he was made chairman of the State
Central Committee by Bndd because he was
a Stockton man and Budd's friend. The
party didn't make him a leader. Then
what has Gould done for the party? He
was a failure as director of the campaign.
He let things go, and Budd cussed him |
all through the campaign, and took hold '
of his campaign himself with tbe assist- j
ance of some experienced men who were
appointed on that 'advisory committee.'
He and Budd quarreled over the A. P. A.,
and half the party believes that he and Mc-
JS'ab are half A. P. A.'s.
"Gould is a iinle, narrow-minded up- j
start who is standing in to run things with
Daggett and McNab. The Federal brigade
needs him to force through if possible the
administration and gold programme to -
which the mass of the party is opposed.
Does it appear likely that the party will
make such a man chairman of the State
convention and let him appoint the execu
tive committee to run the campaign in the
interests of two or three wouid-be bosses
like McNab and Dasgett and in the inter
est of a minority faction? He is especially
offensive of course to the Democrats of
San Francisco, who are not in favor of the
local party being given into the control of
Gavin McNab, the Federal brigade and
Sam Rainey. He has already committed
himself in the local contest and is the hot
partisan of one faction with which he is in
partnership. We want to see a fair-minded
man worthy of the place made the chair
man and any man of that sort will satis
fy us."
The extent to -which Daggett, Rainey
and McNab have gained control of the
Junta delegation to the State Convention
has surprised nnd disgusted a majority of
the members and active workers in that
general committee. The prnnarv will be
held next Saturday night, but as in fifteen
of the districts the nominees will surely
be the delegates the complexion of the
delegation is now known.
There will be 108 district delegates
elected, and of these the DaKgett-McNab-
Rainey combination have at least 90. The
contests in three districts will give them
more. On Monday the campaign com
mittee will nominate 58 at large, and the
combination will have at least 40 of these,
giving it more than 130 of the 161 dele
gates, through McNab's clever manipula
tions.
Besides these delegates directly con
trolled by Daggett, Rainey and McNab,
others through influences emanating from
Welburn, Wise and others of the Federal
brigade, will support the gold programme.
The Federal officials throughout the State
are using the force of their positions and
patronage powers to elect delegates and
secure proxies that the Cleveland adminis
tration may be served. If the gold men
are unable to control the convention,
declare for "sound money" and elect a
Chicago delegation that will stand up for
the administration they hope at least to
temper the results in those directions.
The strength of the gold element in the
convention will be greater than it is in the
party through the operations of the
Federal machine, but it does not appear at
ali likely that it will approach a majority.
In this situation the local contest becomes
of Stat« importance, as it means 101 votes
for either gold or tllver according to the
disposition of the contest and the gold
men have the machinery which will place
the gold deleeation on tne temporary roll.
Governor Budd is getting greatly inter
ested in the schemes and programmes that
are being batched for the State Conven
tion. He has an eye on another term.
He ia hob-nobbing and exchanging shoul
der-slaps with Bockleyites, McNabers and
the boys generally. He is "leery' of that
scheme of McNab, Daggett and Gould to
yet hold of the State machine for use two
years hence. Among politicians these
three are understood to be quite ready to
rip open Jim's ambition with a knife when
the time shall come and leave it to putrefy
in the tules.
tiould's deep sores were not healed when
Budd a few weeks ago threw him his first
morsel of recognition by making him a di
rector of the Agnews Insane Asylum.
McNab is outwardly friendly to Bndd, but
he Las received nothing from him during
all of the Democratic depopulation of
Stockton, and is known to cherish mixed
feelings about the chief magistrate ol his
adopted State.
When J'eter McGlade, not so long ago,
was after the chief clerkship at the Regis
trar's office, which he got, McNab tele
phoned to Budd at Sacramento protesting
nnd imploring that Peter be turned down.
His answer was McGiade's appointment.
McNab's hostility to McGiade, by the
way, began during the last campaign,
when the latter was running for (-lerk of
the Supreme Court. He refused to put
his assessment into Gould's hands, it is
currently told, on tlie ground that he
didn't propose to put any of his good
money into the hands of A. P. A.'s, re
ferring to McNab and Gould.
Daggett's heart sliehtly cbills, too, when
Bnda is around, so that the Governor is
not enthusiastic in support of McNab,
Daggett, Kainey and "clean politics."
Ihere can be no doubt that Budd will be
indorsed in some sort of a way by the State
Convention. That will not o'e because
there is no horde of hungry and disap
pointed politicians in the convention hall
aching to tiit him with a club, but because
it is rather a party necessity, and because
the kickers are chietiv Kicking about the
way Budd has dispensed and not dis
pensed patronage. It won't look well to
carry such grievances into a State conven
tion, and, though Buda's indorsement will
meet opposition, most of the politicians
will let it go through and cuss during
recess.
Samuel Braunhart is cutting quite a
little ligure now and getting talked about.
He is at war against McNab and Chair
man Sullivan. These gentlemen treat him
in his presence with patronizing good
nature, as if he didn't amount to much,
and have smiles and gibes for his back.
Braunhart is disgusted et the triumph
j of Daggett, Rainey and McNab, which Mc-
I Nab nnd Sullivan have brought about, and
j he is inclined to rebel. Braunhart is sin
| cerely and uncompromisingly opposed to
I both Buckley and Rainev, and has until
recently believed tnat McNab and Sulli
vnn were also. He and Max Popper have
both sickened recently at the programme
McNab has developed.
Braunhart is suspicious of McNab'sgreat
organization scheme, and knows that if
M< Nab should secure control of the local
machine he would be "dumped." Then
Braunhart is a stanch silver man in the
middle of a gold camp. He has a record
00 silver, made at previous State conven
tions, and that is another reason why he is
becoming anti-McNab. A number of the
members of the campaign committee are
ranged with him in rebellion against Mc-
Nab's domination.
Braunuart and Chairman Sullivan had
an open quarrel at headquarters the other
night, and it is much talked about among
afew. It wasover John Cunningham, who
as Chairman Sullivan's personal political
adviser and general utility man has be
come assistant secretary by Sullivan's
direction.
Mr. Cunningham was long a secretary
and confidential agent of Chiis Buckley
jii the days of the latter's power, and his
wide acquaintance with the men, ways
and things of local politics makes him es
specially valuable to his old personal
friend, Mr. Sullivan, wi.o has newly en
tered the political arena. So for some
time Mr. Cunningham has been a popular
and important man at the wheel.
But between Messrs. Cunningham and
Braunhart tnere arose an antagonism
which grew until an explosion came the
other night and Braunhart declared war
by demanding of Sullivan that the head
quarters be cleared of Cunningham.
Braunhart fired all his guns, hut Sullivan
tired bacK and stood valiantly by bis
friend Cunningham, who is still at "head
quarters, throughout each evening. And
Braunhart swears each day and night.
Braunhart is especially sore at Sullivan
because he "discovered" Sullivan politi
cally. Sullivan was just a member of tbe
forgotten Deuprey committee when Mc-
Nab, Braunhart, Rainey and others re
suscitated it last fall, and he had never
been a chairman or anything, only colonel
of the First Regiment. Braunhart sug
gested him for a convenient chairman,
and then he naturally rose to be chairman
of the part of the General Committee that
split on at Metropolitan Temple. Then
Braunhart got the marble face from the
chairman, and he spells It the same as he
does "ingratitude."
JUNTA DELEGATES.
The Fifty at Large Named Last
Evening.
The fifty-three delegates at large which
tbe Junta will send to Sacramento were
nominated by the campaign committee
last evening as follows:
James D. Phelan, E. B. Pond, Barclay
Henley, George T. Marye Jr., James V. Cole
man, Eugene M. Deuprey, John Foy, William
J. Bigjry, James Denman, Clitus Barbonr,
Jere Lyncn, M. Greenblatt, A. Riehet,
John Foley, Henry Firtmann. P. Boolan,
.1. \V. Rea. J. Donohue, Chris Reis, John
J. Maeuire, C. M. Chase, Marion Biggs,
John Brickwedel, Jasper McDonald, W. J.
Gleapon, Oxt;ood Putnam, 11. Braudenstein,
Howard \Y. Thompson, Charles Wesley Reed,
A. A. Watkins, P. P. Hughes, T. J. Walsh, Dr.
D. F. Reagan, Paul V. Kingston. Joseph M.
Nouges, 8. A. Born, Michael Maher, Isidor
Jacobs, S. C. Srheeline, R. L. Mann, George B.
Godfrey, Nicholas Holland, Elliott McAllister,
J. .1. Me.-han, Thomas M. Semry, P. J. Tomalty,
Captain Delaney, L. J. Hurley, John Mannix,
M. J. Brearty, P. H. McKenna, Joseph K.
Hawkins.
THE BUCKLEY PRIMARY
Selection of Polling-Places for the Various
Districts,
The Buckley executive committee has
approved the following list of polling
places for tbe primary next Friday even
ing, the 28th inst. :
Twenty-eighth District, 502 Howard; Twen
ty-ninth, Irish-American Hall, 816 Howard;
Thirtieth, southeast corner Shipley and Sixth ;
Thirty-first. Phoenix Hall, southeast corner
Kighth and Folsora; Thirty-second, 745 Bran
nan; Thirty-third, 16 Twenty-fourth; Thirty
fourth, Harmony Hall, "Erie and Mi's
■ion; Thirty-fifth, Hilk's Hall, Precita avenue
and Mission; Thirty-sixth, Seventeenth and
Noe; Thirty-seventh, 301 Franklin; Thirty
eighth, 1502 Turk; Thirty-ninth, Saratoga
Hall, 814 Geary; Fortieth, northwest corner
California and Steiner; Forty-first, Larky's
Hall, northwest corner Webster and Filbert;
Forty-second, 310 O'Farrell ; Forty-third, 620
Bush, California Hall; Forty-fourth, northwest
corner Powell and Lombard; Forty-fifth, Com
mercial Hotel.
FAMILY TROUBLE.
Brotherfl-in-lißw Have a Quarrel and
Some Shots Are Fired.
Henry Morrison, a teamster, living at
809% Treat avenue, was shot Sunday night
about 10 o'clock by William Black, a fire
man of No. G chemical engine on Sixth
street.
The two men are slightly related, having
married two sisters, and quite recently
Mrs. Black left her home and husband,
seeking refuge with the Morrisons.
Black refused to give ur his wife's trunk,
and her brother-in-law, Henry Morrison,
with the two ladies, called upon Black to
demand it of him. .
Black wa; in front of the engine-house
when the trio approached, and as soon as
Morrison asked for an accounting. Black
began shooting. He fired five shots, one
of which wounded- Morrison slightly be
tween the middle fingers of the left hand.
Morrison was treated at the Receiving
Hospital and Black was locked up at the
Southern station.
-. • * *
Mark Hopkins. Institute of Art: This
is thn last week of the exhibition. The
last concert will be 'given on Thursday
evening, when the subscription to the
local art patrons' fund will close and the
distribution of the ■ pictures will take
place. Closing organ recital .on Sunday
afternoon, May 31.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
DUPING ITALIANS
BY A NEW SCHEME,
Paul Roera Arrested for
Swindling Through
the Mails.
"OWNED" WAREHOUSES.
Victims Led to Believe That
Packages Had Come From
the Old Country.
PROMPTED BY ANOTHER MAN.
Roera Claims He Wrote the Fraudu
lent Letters at the Instigation
of an Unknown.
Faal Roera, a lad of 19 years, is in tbe
County Jail charged with using the mails
for fraudulent purposes. The accused was
arrested Friday, but the matter was kept
secret until yesterday in the hope that the
story he had told Inspector Erwin could be
verified.
iiacK of the simple announcement of
Roera's trouble lies possibly a gigantic
scheme to defraud the ignorant as well as
the wise, in wnich the accused youth ap
pears to be but a figurehead. That is pre
suming the story told by him is true.
For some weeks past prominent Italians
in the small cities conveniently near San
Francisco have been flooded with docu
ments purporting to be from Paul Roera,
proprietor of several warehouses in this
City. The recipients of these letters were
informed that the last ship from Italy
brought a package for them, which could
be obtained by the payment of $3, $5 or $10,
according to the linancial standing of the
selected victim.
Just how often this scheme was worked
Inspector Erwin does not know, L>..t that
it yielded banasomely for the small
amount involved there is not the slightest
doubt. In any event the scheme might
have been carried on indefinitely but for
the action of a well known Italian citizen
of Hillsdale. He received a letter from
Roera similar in tone and character to
those already described. Instead of for
warding the coin asked for he Bent the
communication to tbe postal authorities
here, with the request that they look into
tbe matter.
The case was placed in the hands of In
spector Erwin, and in a short time Roera
was under arrest. He admitted bavine
wiitten the letter to the Hillsdale citizen,
but declared his utter ignorance of tbe
contents. He claimed not to be able to
write English, but had simply acted as a
copying machine in this and other in
stances.
Roera was not able to give the name and
address of his alleged accomolice, but
added the startling information that when
he indited the unlawful epistle he was
laboring under the impression that it was
an anarchist document. Inspector Erwin
made a faithful search for Roera's friend,
but so far has been unable to locate him.
He is now inclined to think that the young
Italian is better versed in English than be
would have the servants of the law believe.
However, he has one or two men still on
the lookout, in the hope that something
may turn up.
Roera will have his preliminary hearing
before Commissioner Heacock to-day.
RICHMOND'S PROGRESS,
It Will Take a New Start
When the Racetrack
Goes.
Plans for Grading, Paving and
Straightening the Streets
and Avenues.
I
residents of the Richmond district
are somewhat crestfallen over the big
splurge made by their neighbors across
Golden Gate Park on the Sunnyside
section, where Seventh avenue is about to
be constructed into an elegant bou'evard.
This little jealousy of neighborly rivalry
will, however, soon blow over, and the
Richmond people will talce on a renewed
burst of progress. They will have
avenues by the dozen leading into the
park from the north side as soon as the
old racecourse is transformed into streets,
avenues and building lots.
The presence of this racecourse has
been — so it is claimed by tbe residents — a
black eye to the advancement of the ad
jacent property. But now that it is
doomed to go the spirit as well as the
financial expectations of those people
have risen several degrees, and the
soutb-side-of-the-park people will have
the smile on the other side of tbeir faces
before long.
Even as it is tbe Richmond folks are
going along with a steady march. Several
neat and commodious residences can be
seen on either side of Sacramento street,
between Central and First avenues. In
addition to these buildings Walnut street,
between California and Sacramento, is
being graded preparatory to receiving a
coat of macadam and granite curbs and
sidewalks; similar treatment is in store
for Locust street, from Clay to Sacramento.
This improvement will open the property
for sale, and no doubt in the course of a
few months both streets will be orna
mented with handsome buildings.
On Point Lobos avenue, from Central to
Masonic, the ugly hump that projected on
the south side, where the ancient steam
dummy used to take passengers from the
Geary-street cars, is being removed, and
the street and sidewalk lines are being run
straight along. The Catholic Cemetery
line will be bulkheaded up to conform to
the wall already built on a portion of that
property.
A Case of Mayhem.
Harry Edwards, a recent arrival from Sacra
meuto, got into an altercation Sunday night
in the Rottedale House, 319 Ellis street, with
Washington King, a colored jockey. King
drew a knife and attempted to stab Edwards -
but the latter disarmed him and King bit two
pieces out of his arm. Edwards went to the
Receiving Hospital yesterday afternoon and
had his arm dressed. He said he would swear
out a warrant for King's arrest on tne charge
of mayhem.
Too Much Red Pepper.
Mrs. Mary Edmunson, 2 Midway street,
North Beach, swore to a complaint in Judge
Low's court yesterday for the arrest of Mrs.
Moose r and Maggie Gardner, two of her
neighbors, on tbe charge of battery. She said
that on Saturday night they got her into Mrs.
Mooscr's house and after beating her threw
cayenne pepper all over her clothes.
NEW TO-DAT. ,_.-,.---
$40,624,012
g OVER I
I FORTY i
I MILLION I
$ DOLLARS I
6 of Surplus is back of the Guarantees in the <s
6 new Guaranteed Cash Value Policy of the
g Equitable. Many important new features, o
9 privileges and guarantees, and all of them 0
g embodied in the policy and guaranteed by a p
o Society with a Surplus of P
I OVER I
I FORTY I
I MILLION 1
| DOLLARS ?
0 Energetic men of ability and character are invited to negotiate regarding agency positions X
Lthe undersigned. y
THE EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY 6
OF THE UNITED STATES, V
120 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.
JS W. ALEXANDER, Vice- President. HENRY B. HYDE, President.
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE: X
Crocker Building, Market, Montgomery and Post Streets.
KEW TO DAT.
PHILADELPHIA Ml CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOB
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
$2.00 JH
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
RussAt Shoes are now the style, and »•• 'lead fur
nobby style* of Russets at bedrock prices. No
odds and ends, but everything new and well made.
We are still handicapped by that fence on the cor-
ner, and we have resolved to sett lower than ever.
We are offering special bargains this week. La-
dles' Fine Russet Kid Lace shoes, with either kid
or brown cloth tops, and Ladies' Russet Kid . But-
ton. They have very pointed toes and tip*. I.«t-
-j oat style of Tokio last, which we will sell for
52.00
a pair. We defy competition. No store in this
city la offering Ktisnet (Shoes like these under $2 60
or $3. The Russet kid Is sort and pliable and the
cloth is the best grade.
MS" Country orders solicited.
»*- Send for New Illustrated Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
10 Third Street. San Fraaclfieo.
[SU 1U F YfU^°r^TliroaT^imples, Copper-Hi
(Hll Aft TUU Colored Spots, AchcK, Old Soreg.Bj
HBUlcers In Mouth, Halr-Falllngl ' Write COOR.B|
■ kiUKUI CO., 307 Masonic Ttmpieflj
■Chicago, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-jfJ
■utl. 8500,000. Worst caws cared In 16fi|
■ho as .lay.. l<H>-|»at« boo^,|f*| l f*:,||i ll || lT^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS,- ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
J"eU»u Telephone, "Pine" 2591.
IF YOU ACHE
OR GET HURT
TRY MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
Harmless, Clean, Easy to Use, Always Quickly Relieves
ALL PAIN!
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION I\ RATES BY RAIL
I ....T0....
FOrtTT-jAPTD. OR.
THURSDAY : MAY 28
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
A r ft ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
V* U U in Sleeper.
... . ALSO. ...
I First-class tickets. Including berth In <J> "1 A.OO
Pullman Standard. Sleeper. VDi-\J
SPECIAL NOTICE.
' This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
> sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
1 sold or baggage checked to such points.
i £Sr~ Through Tickets for Puget Sound
Point* on Sale at Reduced Rates.
For further Information a.iply at
. 613MAKKKT STRKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office). San Francisco.
RICHARD RAY, T. 11. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via SatiftAllto Ferry).
Vrom San Francisco, Commencing March 29, IWO>
WEEKDAYS. •
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *Boo
•9:16 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: "1:45, 3:*:0, 4:15,
6:15. *h:OI', .. 115 p.m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dnt»
! days and Saturday* at 11:30 p. m,
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:30 a. m.;*»1«:8J. *1 :30, •2:16. «4:00,
6:30, 6:46. 8:30 p. m. Kxtra trip to Sauialltoat
11:00 a.m.
Trains marked • run to Baa Qnentln. "*l2iM
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS. • -
1!45 p. m. weekdays— and way station*
8K)0 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way station*
9^)o a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way station*
IRON BEDS,
Lj-1J» BRASS BEDS,
** ' "" f . FOLDING BEDS*
Wire and Hair Mat-
..-* r - tresses, Reclining
...... Chairs, Wheel Chair*
T ' ' ' 1 Commodes, Back Hosts
1(1 L ItlTtnif W * A. SCHROCK,
Tl _i* 111 1 ',({1 Mew Montgomery
W 4*- 1 T^i St. , under Urana
Hotel, S. IT. ' --. .. -;-.-
SJ W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECI.VLTY- DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
'-'lng all forms of Wood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cnrwl at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hour*. 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BONCOE Mi-M I.I '•» . JI. D.,
a«M Kearny Street, Han Francisco, Cat.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive fc^^ps^K fljspj
at Market-Street, Ferry. jffp3jg*SH^T,Jf
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. M., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
I via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis. _,
The Popular (sANTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
SM FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St»
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. if.- 13-SBt
3:30. 5:10. 6:80 p. M. Thursdays-ExtratrlS
at 11:30 P. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 r.u.
SUNDAYS— 7:BO, 9:80, 11:00 a.m.; 1:80, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 P. v.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11 10 A v •
8TI 6m Y 6!25 7 6 ii. 9:36> 11:1 ** m - : xm> 3: **
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park aama
schedule as above.
SanFilnclscq Jn effect San FrTnciscq
£*?* I SSt »«t?na* on. *»- j W*«
VAYB. | DAYS. DAYS. | DAYS.
7:80 A»f!7 am Novato, 110:40 am! 8-40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petalnraa, 6:06 pm 10:10 am
5:10 pm j 5:00 pm SanU Rosa.) 7:30 fm j 6:15 ru
. „ Fulton, ""
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg, "
. .. - — Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:18 pm
SI8& 7 iB OAMl HO S. A TtWH| X ggg %
7:30 am Hopland <t 10-10 m
3 :30 pm j 7 iSO AM uW 7 :30 pm 6 :l° pm
7:30 AMI ' ~ 10-10 am
7:30 am Gnerneville. 7:30 * wa *
*!?? ?*J 6:18 pm
7:cOam7:SOam Sonoma 10:40 AMI 8-40 am
5,0 pm 5:00 PM oie .nd ien «:Ospm|«:lspm
|*S!«al'O;lg £
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie Whi
Springs: at Geyserville for Ska w Sprlnrs- «t
Cioyenlale for the aeys.rs; at Pietifor Hi/hUnd
Springs, Kelseyvliie, Soda Bay and l>alct>oort * at
Hopland for I ? Ic po ? and Bartiett S P C: a
Lakes LaurKTrT^ ln|r ?? »* r^S* Spring Blue
vlllev lohn rwf - r"."' , L PP«»LaK». Porno, Potter
valiej. Jonn Day's, Her ey's, Buckneir* s.nhori.
Laytonville, Harris, Scot.a and Kureka. C ° VelOp
raui. to Monday rounn-trlp tickets at reduoed
ro°n n dS U a n n d ß^^ "» * poinu "*
n f nSu n umv M Mlrkelst.. Chronicle butldln*
H. O. WHITING. r. x. RYAN.
__^__^_Oen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
TT A Bfl 111 A laxative refreshing M
I H Rb U X fnllt lozenge,
I flllinil very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
-_..__ hemorrhoids, bile,
I si II I t mM loss of appetite, gastric an 4
In ■ E. IV Intestinal troubles and
■ ■■_■••■ I ■ headache arising .
■ ' from them.
AD II I All E. ORILLON.
Unit I UN 33 Rue dcs Archives. Part*
milklaVll Mid ky aU Praoliu. '
RAILROAD TRAVEL. "
sVIJTHKKJf "?A«?IFI« COMPANT.
' (PACIi-IC SYSTEM.)
Trains leave nncl nre due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
leave , — From May 3, 1896. — abiiivb
I " •6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:4
7:OOa Atlantio Express, Ogden and East.. 8:4.1 p
7:OOa Benicia, VacaTille, Rumsey. Sacra-
_ M mento, and Redding Tia Davis. . . «:45p
7:««a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls.
... toga and Santa Bom *iIS»
■:a«ANi!e3, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Red Bluff
and Sundays ezceptcd OroTille ... * :1 5p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *7tlsp
9:UOa Los Angelee Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4t4.t P
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:13 a
9:00 a Vallejo 6:1
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and LWermore 8:43 a
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "o:o<>p
1 l:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4Sp
4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa. Calistoga. 121 Verano and
Santa Rosa 9:13 a.
«:»«r Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrille, •
+o« Oroville and Sacramento I«i4X*
*!3*rt»i!es, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13
4:SM>* Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemlte) and Fresno llt4aA<
■••••r Now Orleans Impress, Fresuo. Bakers-
lie! il. Santa Barbara, Los Angejes,
• -^ Demiug, El Paso, New Orleans and !
East 1 •: 1 a
SsOOp Santa Fe Route. Atlantio Express
forMojave and East I«:1.}a,
s:»op VaUejo.. MHr.SivM 11:43 a
6:OWi- European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9i43a
6:OOi» Haywards, Nile* San Jose 7:45*
:7:00p Vallejo 7 :43p
7:UOp Oregon Kxpreae, Sacramento. M»rrs-
Tille. Heading, - Portland, Puget
Sound and East I*i4»a
■SASTA CltlZ VISION (Narrow U*ugt). :
17:43 a Santa Crux Excursion, Santa Crux f
... » and Principal Way Stations !»t*sp
•«11Ia Nevrark,CenterTi]le,SgnJoBe.Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way •
Stations ; :...... «i3»r
••:lSr Newark, Centerville, San Jose. New !
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
M , m - Stations •11:2*4
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos.... 9i3»a
COAST 1»1 VISION (third * low mend Sta.) '
•6: 15 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New "
Almaden Wednesday* only) *lt4Bp
t i :3Oa Sunday Excursion (or &ta Ji\«s
SanU Crui. Paolflo Oronv anil
Principal Way Station* tStM*
■:1 A San Jiiso. Trw l'i-.. «. i>u\U Cru»,
Pacitio »Jn>Tts l"a»» i;>-:-:o«. San
I.nin Ohi«;x\ i;u»aC-.i;v »ml Prin-
clpal Way Station* 7:03 p.
t*s47A Palo Alto and Way SUUons.;...:.. » i 4.-» P
10:10 a San ami Way Stations S:OOp
11:13 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations SiSOp
*S:3»r Man .»<Mie, lilhvy. T»s Pinos, Santa
Cm*, Sallnas,Monterey and Pacific
GCBM •I»:4«A :
•S:3or SanJoso ami Principal Way Stations »:47a.
•4»SOp San Jose, ami Way Stations •9:08\
B:30r San. mill Way Stations *8:48*
•:3Oi> San Jose ami Way Stations.. 0:33 a
|1l:4.1r San Jo«o mul Way Stations t7:4.~»p
' SAX LKAMHtO A.M> HAVWAKDs LOCAL. '
<*6:VOA "1 ~~ ( 7:15 a
A:OOa r9:43A
iS.oSt »*lr«*,SM.l BryFirk, ;?!tgt
a i;S2p Fltel.b«ir L i(lr. »£«£
3:0 Or amd , 4:43p
4:00p f ' S:43p
»«2»r M.rnsr*-.. "'JSP
A::tOr 7:43p
7:<»or a : 43p
2:g{£ <RuMthroutbU)Nfl«. \V,tll
ttll:lspj « From Niles. ittialoOp
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 81-
-•7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. *l:00 •200 13-00
M.-00 t5:00 •6:00 p.m. ** UU
From OIILAHD — Foot of Broadway.— *6-00 fl-oo '
10:00 a.m. U3:00 »l:00 tM9 : 00 ti : 00
«5:00 p.m. -
■ a A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
„ . __ I Sundays only.
if Mn"il»T, nr.ri S^'urrlav nights only.
Tf WIXCOX COMPOUND
ANSY* PILLS
Bo . nhgtl s^ c a S<l SURE. Always reliable. T*k»
teforrcw; . F °o r Baleby M druggists. «ioa Send
Ca «TS!ft^* Saf?gy^rd. WILCOX SPECIFIO
Ca.2tt SOUTH EIGHTH ST.. PHILADaI.PaTPAYS IN SILVER
AND HOARDS GOLD,
Sir Henry Dering's Opinion
of Present Mexican
Prosperity.
HER GOOD GOVERNMENT
England's Minister to Mexico
Is Now Visiting This
City.
SEEKS HEALTH AND PLEASURE
A Tribute to the Administration of
Diaz— Filled Many High Posts
Over the Worid.
Sir Henry Dering, Bart., British Min
ister to Mexico, Lady Dering, Mrs. Ca
niacho, wife of the Mayor of the City of
Mr Henry Dering, Bart., Minister From Great Brltan to -Mexico, Who Is at the
Palace.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
Mexico, and "W. A. Derm?, arrived here
yesterday and are at the Palace.
They cam© by rail from the City of
Mexico, the post of the distinguished Eng
lish gentleman. Sir Henry is a large man,
with dark hair, a brownish beard tapering
toward a point, and with a large nose.
Ue is a very pleasant, affable gentleman.
Sir Henry has neld many posts of great
distinction prior to going to Mexico, a
a year and a half ago. He has been thirty
eix years the representative of his country
in foreijm lands. He has been in Bulgaria,
at Rome and St. Petersburg as Minister
of Great Britain and charge d'affaires.
"I have been about eighteen months in
Mexico now," said Sir Henry, "without
any change of climate. That is a good
while to stay, especially as the altitude |«
about 6000 feet. lam in California for a
change, especially as I have had a serious
attack of inflammatory rheumatism which
forces me to Keep my arm in a eiine.
"My purpose is to remain here some
time, probably several weeks. I will go to
Monterev and will visit other places of in
terest. It is not my purpose to go East.
This is the first time I have been in this
country.
"Mexico is very prosperous. One reason
is tbat it has honest men at the head of
the Government. President Diaz is also
exceedingly able as well as honest. I think
the present administration will undoubt
edly be continued for the next four years.
"Another very capable man is Minister
of Finance Limantour. He is a man of
vast wealth. He owns large property in
terests in San Francisco, as you doubtless
know. With such men there is no in
centive to be anything than honest. The
result is that Mexico is splendidly gov
erned.
"The Minister of the Interior. General
Cosio, and General Mena, tue Minister of
Transportation and Communications, arc
also lull of energy and are effecting much
good for the country.
"Business is good down there. It could
not be otherwise when the purchasing
power of the dollar is considered. All
their wages are paid in silver and the prod
uce going abroad is paid for in gold. No
wonder the country is prosperous, it will
continue to be bo, too.
"Mexico has always had silver money,
and the way she gives silver and takes gold
gives her a natural protection. It is the
very beet protection, too, that a country
could have. Wouldn't such a policy be
good for any country? Yes, I think it
would, especially if it could be carried out
v." successfully as in Mexico.
"It h«s been very dry in Mexico lately.
There have been no rains, and it was so
hot on the way up and through Arizona
and California that we couldn't at any
time keep the car under 96 degrees."
Kir Henry said he had intended being
W present at the banquet last night in honor
T of the Queen's birthday, but hi 3 trying 1
trip, combined will* his rheumatism, 1
would likely prevent it, much to his re
gret.
STREETS RENUMBERED.
The Mission at I,a«t Hat a Rational
System of Identifying Houses.
The houses on the cross streets in the
Mission are being renumbered. This is
noi the first time a change has been made
in the numbering of houses on the streets
running east and west. In fact, there
have been so many changes that the num
bers on many of the cross streets have be
come hopelessly mixed.
Sixteenth street has long been a night
mare to people trying to find numbers,
and even the oldest inhabitant occasion
ally gets confused as he wand rs from
number 20i at one end of the block to
number 3041 at the other end.
Seventeenth and Ei«nteenth streets are
almost as bad, especially where they reach
Eureka Valley. Twenty-first-street num
bers have been changed three times in as
many years.
By the latest change, however, it is
hoped that everything will be remedied.
Tne new numbers beuin at the bay shore
and run continuously toward the west,
across the Potrero hill and on up toward
Twin Peaks. East of Potrero avenue there
are about five streets for every four west of
the avenue. Every fourth street, how
ever—Sixteenth, Twentieth and Twenty
fourth streets — run clear through. In tiie
streets between these there is a break at
Potrero avenue, but the numbers begin at
the bay, just as on the through streets.
The change of the old numbers to the new
is being made on nearly all the houses,
and as there never has been any trouble
with the numbering of the streets running
north and south, it is hoped that the Mis
sion has at last a rational system of iden
tification, and that the maledictions of be
lated novae-hunters, vainly seeking a de
sired number, will cease to be heard within
the peaceful contines of the Mission.
AFTER MUNICIPAL FUNDS
Board of Health to Enlist Busi
ness Men in a Fight for
Power.
A Downtown Meeting To-Day With
Lively Opposition From Board
of Supervisors.
The Board of Health has arranged a lit
tle meeting for this afternoon that may
result in an open display of hostilities be
tween itself and the Board of Supervisors.
For some time past thesn two municipal
bodies have been eying each other
askance, while trouble has been brewing
all the while.
Simply stated, the Board of Haa lth
wants more power and more money to
disburse for the work under its charge,
and the Board of Supervisors controls the
situation and guards the City funds
against what is styled an effort to lavish
political patronage upon tha friends of th c
power that stands behind the medical
men.
The Board of Health has quietly pre
pared to make a strategic move and enlist
the sympathies of downtown business
men. The members have secured the
Chamber of Commerce rooms for this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. And when all the
specially invited guests are assembled and
tie opposition and the neutrals have
gathered in anticipation of an interesting
time then wiil the insufficiency of appro
priations be presented with preconceived
eloquence, 'me small, tiie meager, the
parsimonious allowance for an effective
campaign against the encroachment of
disease upon the City will stir up local
pride, and the fear of personal danger
lurking in defective sewers, impure milk
and tainted meats.
Business men will be made to see the
danger to life and health incident to adul
terated food and bad sanitation, and when
the iron is hot the Board of Health will
strike and a powerful commercial element
wiil be welded into the rod that will orobe
into filth and pry away the screens that
hide unsanitary conditions and the secrets
of unhealthful foods.
On the other hand some of the Board of
Supervisors will be there, but not as silent
auditors to so direct an imputation against
their own motives in the past. Acting
Mayor Taylor will be on hand with less
eloquence, but wiih some very pointed
assertions. He will refer to the recent re
moval of Superintendent Weaver from the
Almshouse and the substitution by the
Jioard of Health of Mr. Keddy, a triend of
Governor Budd, by whom the Board of
Health was appointed. He will suggest
that this move on the part of the Board of
Health is prompted by a desire to lay
bands upon the municipal funds in order
to increase tue number of men to be re
warded for past political favors, and he
will roint to the fact that five years ago
the City and County Hospital attended to
more patients than it does to-day, though
the employes appointed by the Board of
Health have greatly increased in number.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
TWO CITIES WANT
A CONVENTION,
Oakland and San Francisco
Presbyterians Are
Aroused.
BOTH GIVE INVITATIONS
To Secure the General Presby
terian Assembly for May
i, 1897.
ACCEPT ALL THE CONDITIONS
Hospitab'.e Telegrams Are Dispatched
at Once From Both Sides of
the Bay.
This City and Oakland both extended
invitations yesterday to the General As
sembly of the Presbyterian Church now
meeting at Saratoga, N. V., to come to the
Pacific Coast in May, 1897. It is almost cer
tain that one of the two cities will secure
the assembly, and the weight of ministe
rial opinion yesterday was in favor of San
Francisco.
The General Assembly is the supreme
court, bo to speak, of the Presbyterian
church in the United States. It has never
yet convened in California, though efforts
have frequently been made to secure it,
and there is great rejoicing among Presby
terians that next year will see it here for
the lirst time.
No canvassing has been done this year
at Saratoga to secure the convention and
it was rather a surprise to Rev. Dr. J.
Hemphill of Calvary Church, Rev. R. F.
Farrand and Rev. J. dimming Smith to
receive telegrams from Rev. Dr. Mathena,
the delegate from the San Francisco Pres
bytery to Saratoga, stating that the Gen
eral Assembly of at least 600 delegates
would meet here in May, next year, if the
local Presbyterians would pledge them
selves to entertain 20u of the delegates.
Dr. Hemphill's telegram stated that the
General Assembly would prefer to con
vene in Calvary Church.
Dr. Coyle of the First Presbyterian
Cnurch, Oakland, received a telegram
from the Oakland delegates at Saratoca,
stating the same conditions about enter
taining the delegates and suggestingtli.it
if they were complied with Oakland would
very likely get tne General Assembly.
Neither the Presbyterians of San Fran
cisco nor of Oakland lost any time about
seeding to secure the assembly. Dr. Covle
telegraphed back yesterday mat nia church
would be responsible for the entertaining,
and the San Francisco Presbytery, which
held a meeting at Calvary yesterday after
noon, adop.ed a teleerara inviting the
body to meet in that church.
Dr. Hemphill was so lull of enthusiasm
that he offered to go out and collect half
the $5000. which will probably be needed
to entertain the delegates, if Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie would do likewise and raise
the other half. Dr. Mackenzie said that
he preferred not to pledge himself to col
lect any fixed amount, but he placed all
bi9 zeal at the disposition of the San
Francisco Presbytery to raise what he
could. The convention would not be only
of interest to people in religious circles, he
said, but hotel men, business men and
railroad men would all profit, and he
thought they as well as the press would
help the General Assembly alon;;.
Dr. Hemphill thought there would he no
difficulty about funds. Rev. Dr. Scott
believed that no o.ne man or church should
be made responsible, but that Presbyte
HEW TO-DAY.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
Special Saving Sale
BEER MUGS
- Tnose quaint
(\ old German
1 J^£ Jsp Blue Deco-
-1 Cjjjjff JM^ rated, Metal
_^'~n« > » IK Covered
.J^ -jB^A ston e Be «
(^ — 1 > Mugs are a!!
' Jy*^^^^_j!4 I ( the rage now
' nP""'" - : - ' "~~~ T "iffi»^r^^ roomorna-
Jfe, ■ —^ ■*" '^%^^\\ ments. Good
r '''ffi&&m H to drink beer
W> y^S/SSm A J iTom > to °-
k^^iSnAs^jr Tne k . iii(i iik e
£s^i - ■ ~^£?w Wednesday
, £ jL Ji^ nightat'7S
Cents
Also, 400 BLUE DELFT VASES,
with the popular Windmill dec-
orations, go at 30, 45, 65 and
85 Cams.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE-
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANGENHEIM, BTEHNHEIM & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
H^pOl tobaccos is "Just as ||j
\SP^* B4sUB Evef y old smoker
I Biackwell's
V Smoking Tobacco J7
mTj^S^^^^^^, OU W >H find one coupon inside .-^^SR^Bfc. \\
each two ounce bag, and two cou- >^^* : **^VS^#
j9^%,i\nk P oas inside each four ounce >gvftf I^ST
fim^s^lMMm ba S of Blackwell's Durham. Mm ,^v*jSffik
f3^¥ *$im Buy a ba 2 of this ccic m/J wWm
wB I* " *MS& bratcd tobacco and read the ■BM *? \ SSIi
pCTJLge^ 1 *^Mf coupon— which gives a list g»ato M* K^|
V^ft^^ Wp**iL 0 * Taluable presents and how Wmk r ~^*^&r?W
rians as a body should take hold. Rev.
Dr. Bevier said it would be a fine thing for
the City and that he believed in making
• every one, including Mayor Sutro, give.
The consensus of opinions expressed was
that there would be no difficulty about
raising the necessary funds. Rev. F. R.
Farrand, the moderator, said, "We have
not soueht this. It has in a way been
thrust upon us."
It was finally resolved to extend the mi
i vitation to the general clerk of the Gen
eral Assembly, Rev. Dr. W. H. Roberts,
of Philadelphia, who Dr. Hemphill said
to be strongly in favor of convening next
year in San Francisco. The following
telegram was adopted and handed to Rev.
J. E. Scott to dispatch:
"Calvary's invitation to the assembly
heartily indorsed by presbyter-, wiih guar
antee of entertainment for 200 commis
sioners."
The following ministersand laymen were
appointed a committee on finances and ar
rangements: Rev. P. Phelps, Stockton;
Dr. J. Graham, Chico; Dr. R. Coyle,
Oakland; Dr. J. Hemphill, Calvary
Church, San Francisco; Dr. R. Macken
zie, First Church, San Francisco; Rev.
J. Cumming Smith, Trinity Presbyte
rian Church, San Francisco; Rev. Dr. R.
Wylie, Napa. Eiders— David Jacks, Mon
terey : J. W. McDonald, Tracy ; I. T. Trum
bull, San Rafaei ; J. W. Bidwell, Chico;
Thomas Magee.City ; Walter E. Bell, Berke
ley; J. M. Greenwood, City; 0. F. yon
Rhein, City :
Cathedral Rally.
A grand rally of St. Mary's Cathedral branch
of the League of the Cross will be held at
National Hall, 815 Ellis street, Wednesday
eveaing, commencing at 8 o'clock. The rally
will be uuder the auspices of Company A, L.
C. C, Captain Francis S. Drady commanding.
A feature of the entertainment will bean ad
dress by Ktv. James McDonald of St. Peter's
Church.
An excellent programme has been prepared,
the participants of wnich include Miss K. Uon
zalez, Miss K. Marion, Miss K. White, Joseph
A. Fogarty, Professor CantinU Lieutenant R.
G. Drudy, the Western Addition Mandolin
Sextet and the Company A Glee Club. AH
friends and members of the league are earnestly
requested to attend.
ipESI
■\sMfc
immm
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
i his store, it marks the
I new era of drug selling.
j Is it any wonder that he
; has to enlarge his quar-
j ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
| oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
INVERNESS.
TNVERNESS, MA I: IN COUNTY—
1 X privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
1 on an Inland bay: good beach: salt-water battling;
! water two degrees warmer than any other resort
j on the coast; beautiful drives: shooting and fish-
ing: within two hours of San Francisco on the
! North Pacific Coast Railroad. Apply 11 10 '1 daily,
! 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
IU ANTED - PARTY" OK~4~FOR SUMMER
»» outing; finest of trout-fishing and deer-hunt-
\ ing; country wild enough for most exacting; no
objection to 2 ladies. Aadras-t box US, Medford,
Oregon^ *
f AUREL DULL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
J J Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
' ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to $12 per week: route 8. F. and N. P. Railway;
1 through fare 85: round trip 99 50. Address H.
WAMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County.Cal.
HOTEL DEL MAR— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
JLL minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
. feet; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
: Ing. fishing: huse* m«e: all trains; children, 92
1 to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAiiKR
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal.. or room 29,
Maze building. S. F. *
HOTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
1 fo.- the round trip via ■■>. P. R. H. and Knight's
stage line, $4. Mils. I. J. SEAKs, La Honda, Cal.
IVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE RANKS OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco: fishltiL-, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $ 7 per week. Excellent table:
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
LUX LAKES PLEASURE I ; 1 : -< > H - NEW
hotel, now open: many new Improvements for
the entertainment Of the guesw: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. 'good flshlng
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
I A T BKLMONT. SAN MATED COUNTY,
1 il . board for summer months; private family;
i beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
; station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAN'SEN.Belmont
Jn.V WOODS? IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
J send for illus'.rated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods. Napa, Cal. ::^-^-v-;
, BOOKHIDR FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
1 I' plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
I accommodations. Address Brookslde. Napa.
CYPHERS LAWN FKUIT FARM-GOOD TA-
\J ble; home comforts. T. H. EP;.KY, Napa, C al.
—-—^—^-^—————•~^-^^—  "TT—Tf "~~~ ~—^"^«*^ : <^
l^^^™^^™"^^"^^™^"™"'^"™"" l-^ — ■^ p-^^"""^^^^^^^^^^^^"^^
m BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
•*-*■ being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Khmimati«m, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS ....«1O TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Spring*. S. P. Co. and
• 8. F. and N. P. Kail way.
Address all correspondence to ART LETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 'ii Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs. Lake County, Cal.
PACIFIC COMESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
LOCATKD IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
JLJ Crnz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, abont 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south. :' ->_r. _-
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathroom*.
I'tJRE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATKK of the nlkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, com. skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW .NATATORH'M.
ALL modern improvements: electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, 10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. I'FKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
/ — ' ajT~\ The Beau(iful
B&£osMh HOTEL
fr.Tr-4^^"" 'prL'-js** [fia^itS
;«»YEIIDOIB
j SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of Its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments. It is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
Mj ■ f% f| ■ A /% HOT SPRINGS.
PAR AISO ii^i
'* —r health.rest.
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
saee treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet arid dance hall for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed in the J-tate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
daily, for Soledad: Return-trip ticket, «8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and PostolMce. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special induce-nents for
1890, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRISGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Been- Thkre Lately?'
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Cllmatn unsur-
passed. Views magniflcenL Table supplied from
orchard and ocean. Held and farm. Hot and cold
Napn Soda water baths. Telephone and Postotllc'e.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight ; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under iho Old Management
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R-. via Sausallto ferry.
Train leave* at 1:4). Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Eltm Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $3
per week; tents, $3 to $5 per week, bend for cir-
cular. ■•.-:■- • •••■
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
' Caiadcro, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRIGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from ~anta Rosa.
.T\riTHITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
» » bor ; the place where you feel at home. Table
first class. Croquet, Billiards, Shuffle-board^
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
ing and Hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week;
Special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 76. Open May 1.
' FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
GO TO DM! SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MJSNDOCINO
1 County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Pine elec-
tric and mineral baths: new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley: line view. Furnished cot-
tapes to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free Dug
to 7:30 train from B*o Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, #10 ncr week.
• O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofllce. !
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH. BEST
AND PLEASURE: no statins; %- mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In the
United Stales anil the celebrated Lytion Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table tii-di-clas.*. Send for circulars.
WHITE OAK FARM,
TVTEAR CLOVERDALE— SPECIAL ATTEN-
1> lion given to table: terms *7 per week, i-or
particulars address W. H. HI ATT, Uoverdale, Cal
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
» TTR ACTIVE LOCATION • PLEASANT
A rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on homo farm. For particulars
ana term* address box t>J>, Sebastopol, souoma Co.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
T-iA-KIEJ COUNTY, O-A-T-j.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like tine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? tehortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of Baa
Francisco.
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for tho
round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to S3 50
per day or 10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRA IG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION
Where Shall You Spend It?
Go •where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
"Absolntelv the finest fishing in the West."—
Forest and Stream.
LAKE TAHOE.
I TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open his season. Hotel
and grdunds lighted by electric lights. All modern
improvements. Rates $15 to $21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER L
RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Both housea open for the seaso'i May 15. Great
reduction in fare to Tallac House ibis season.
CJuihts to Tallac House carried to and from hotel
tree of charge, making round-trip tare from San
Francisco only $16.
The above hotels are under the management of
M. LAWRENCE & CO., proprietors, of Tallac.
Send for illustrated circular.
For route and further Information Inquire of
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
T,. B. Frasier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
air, coldest water, good, shooting; fine trout fish-
ing near by: regular mail; tabie supplied with the
best in the market vegetables from our own gar-
den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens June 1.
Distance and fares— Euy round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at otlice of S. F. and N. P. Railroad.
Rail 10 Uklab, thence by Berryhills popular stage
line via Potter Valley to sanhedrin. Room and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other charges. For further particulars address L.
B. FRa.SIER, Sauhedrin, or LAUD'S GUN-
STORE, 9 Third St.. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR; HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, narin Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley: postofllce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOU W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BERTRAND, Froprietor.
City otlice. 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
IKIAH STABLES - AID STAGE COMPAXY,
\\T H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN-
' » • outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage mcc s all
trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.
MOUNTAIN SPRIG FARM
WILL BE OPJJX FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
»» Write for particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprie-
tor, Oakville, Napa County. Cal.
SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
home comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. SI Ü-
BKNRAUSCU, box 159, Napa, Cal.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINGAME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address .....:.. IKA G. HOITT.
•\\: -"- Hoitl's School reopens August 4. ' . .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, BISKIYOO COUNTY, CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON 1 BROS., Proprietors.
J&.. 23. 3VCo3VE^L a Z I 3BC'S.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Uklah,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to HullviUe. P. O. address, Hnllville, Lake Co. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadgauge Depot, ::■)■- '.-•"-'
S^LZNT 3FL./aL.:3F'-£L33Xj.
Summer Resort fur Families.
Rates $6 to $10. A. BERQ, Manager.
THE JORIII HOUSE, SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Kirßt"Clas9 Family Hoarding- House.
MRS. J. F. JORDAN, Proprietress.
' Beautiful View. 1 Sixth Street,
Fine Grounds. ' Head Of B.
EL BONITO HOTEL
VOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
J-> season: salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : term*
reasonable. • G. W. MORGAN,
. Duncans Mills, Sonoma C0.,C01.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
I/IKK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE j
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific "IHcps, $10: special
conveyance daily. For information addreas JOHN
SPAULDING. Selgler Springs. Lake County. Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and iishlng; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train; terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
I LINDSEV, olenwood, CaL.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Kegain He.ilth-Where the Tourist
May Itegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Kest, I.L-fri'slmifiit and Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in iiarmenu
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never T,ifts JIU
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8 :15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
i Third and Townsend streets, 31/2 hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
£3" Stage connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
Easy to get to,
Easy to come from
/ETNA SPRINGS.
A change in the stage arrangement makes It
far more convenient to reach JEtnu than formerly.
Stage now leaves St. Helena at 10 a. m. daily, ex-
cept Sunday, stopping at Angwins for lunch only.
Returning, stage leaves J£tna at 10 a. m., stopping
again at Angwins for lunch. No more long waits;
no more early rising. Further particulars at 318
Battery su, City, or of W. i*. iIITCHKLL. Lldell
P. P., Napa County, California.
SASTI CATALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLET) FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
. VJ coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. -Popular Hotel
Metropole now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO., .
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, CaL
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Nnpa Redwoods, Including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
pUce for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Napa City, Cal.
fl T7" 1 li fl n HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If A Ml' V County, only 41 3 hours from
\ IV il Itlt \ San .'ranclsco; but 9 miles
II l\ fl 1111 1 1 staging: new road through
** llliM " "* canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon terry at 7:: sO
a. m. or 3:30 r. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.5 a
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE.
is most picturesque, Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine bar has jus;
been opened. The table U supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked, after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with tho
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, Seigler, Blue Lakes and r-aratoca. Faro
from San Francisco. $5 50; rounl trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. WYA'IT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Kflßeyvllle, Lake County, Cal.
WHEN . ITKIAH
VISITING UIVIAn
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SON'S, PROPRIETORS.
IS IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in Uklab, and It is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Crux Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and bunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staee at Madrono every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8 :1 5 a. m.
„ VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 fliles from Cazadero, on .Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTi'RINOEK. >eaview, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars. ■ • ' ■
ASTORG SPRWG JISEEAL WATER.
rnHE fountain OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
J. cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds: recommended by tlious nd.i in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTORU, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor: Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has piivilega
of the water. . - ■
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING BE-
ports in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
.fishing; excellent table. For circulars and farther
'niormation address O. W. R. TREDWAY,
Proprietor, Glenbrook. Lake County, Cal.
SUMMER BOARD NEAR GILROY.
a" PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: ELE-
-rV gant climate, tlshing, bunting and scenery. '
Low price.
Terms of W. T. TWOMBLEV, Gilroy.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort in State: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class: rates
I 910 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
nnlshed rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach*
i elor P. 0., Lake Co.. Cal.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
M'MMAKY OF THE MAKKEIS.
New prices for Canned Fruit.
Xo foreign ciuotations.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat dull. UarUy weak.
Oats, Corn and Kye unchanged.
New Barley Hay arrived.
Beans dull.
Potatoes about the same.
Onions lower.
Bntier steady. Cheese weak.
Ranch Kggn firmer.
Car of Kastern Poultry in.
No change in Vegetables.
Larger receipts of Cherries and Apricots.
Kastern buyers looking for Prunes-
Berries rather lower.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides as before.
Kxplanatlon.
Th« arrow flies with th*wind. The top flrur««
•t station indlcare maximum t*Tnprra'iir» for the
lays; those underneath It. if any, tlir amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
daring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
llar>s, conmct points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. '1 lie
word "hteh" means hi«h barometric prrssure and
is usually acconiDanied by fair weathe»: ••low"
refers to low pressure, nn'd, is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows'" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whrn the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, nnd
the pressure falling to the California coasi, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BI'KEAU REPORT.
Vnitkd States Dkpaktmext of Agkiccl
tvbe, Wkathkb BcKEAf, Sas Fbaxcisco, May
25, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Kureka 60.98, last .season 41.94: Ked Bluff 22.13.
last season 29.25: San Francisco 21.20, last sea
son 25.41: Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: San
Luis ODispo 17.70, last season 25.93: Los Angeles
8.35, last season 16.10: *an Diego 5.92, last sea
son 12.20; Yutna .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four nours: Kureka 60. Red Bluff
92, San Francisco 87. Fresno 96. San Luis Obispo
98. Los Angeles 102. San Diego 98, Yuma 108.
(<an Fram-isco data— Maximum temperature 87,
minimum 59. mean 73.
An area of nigh pressure which appeared off the
roast of Northern California Friday afternoon has
moved northward and somewhat inlana and to
night overlies the northern half of the Pacific
Slope. The highest pressure is 30.34 at Fort
Can by. The pressure diminlsnes from Wash
ington southward, reaching 29. 79 inches in South
ern Arisona. The pressure is also low over the
upper Missouri Valley. The pressure distribution
is such as to cause light northerly winds and de
cidedly warmer weather over the southern half of
the Pacific slope. The t mpera'ure has risen in
the past twenty-four hours about 10 degrees along
the central coast of California, in the valleys and
in Northwestern Nevada. Maximum temperature
ot 102 degrees occurred at Los Anpt-les, probably
breaking the rsKord; 108 at Yucna and 106 at
Phoenix. In the «reat valleys the temperature has
tx>H!; 90 and 100 dei;rees- The temperature at ?-an
Francisco to-night is - -3 degrees above the normal
lor tlii s time in May. Atsan Diego, Los Anseies
and San Louis Obispo the temperatures are from
'JO lo 25 degrees above the normal.
No ruin has fallen west of the Rocky Mountains
with tiie exception i f a trace at I'or: Angeles.
Clear skies are rejon.'d over the entire Pacific
(oast executing Washington. Cbndltlons continue
favorable for warm, fair weather.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty hours
ending midunht. May 26. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: light north
westerly winds: continued high temperature in
land: possibly llzbt fog.
Soutuern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
hieh temperature: light northwesterly winds.
Neva la— Fair Tuesday; continued high temper
ature.
I'tah— Fair Tuesday; continued high tempera
ture.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; continued high tem
perature.
.-an Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday; con
tinued high temperature: light northwesterly
Winds. ALEXANDER U. MCADIL,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MAKKKT-.
Financial.
NF.W YORK, N. V., May 26.— Trading at the
Stock Exchange Is largely of a professional charac
ter. To-day the room-traders and the leading
operators active in the market were of a bearish
turn of mind. The engagement of $1,550,000 gold
for shipment by to-morrow's steamer, the belief
that fully $4,000,000 will be forwarded this week
and the small earning of St. Paul were all factors
in the market. The falling off in the earnings of
St. Paul and the light movement of coin were dis
appointing to the bulls. The fact that commission
houses ;were without orders for outside account
made it easy for the bears to bring about a lower
ranee of values. London houses did nothing, it
being a holiday.
Foreign bankers generally were of the opinion
that the Butler bond bill will not get through the
House, and If it should it will never receive execu
tive sanctlo.i In its present form. The total transac
tions were 125,000 shares. Sugar was firm during
. the early trading at 1524V4@124%- In the last
hour, however, it drooped to 122» / 8 and left off at the
lowest point of the day. He tinea was a sixteenth
of a cent per pound higher, I ut this did not check
the selling, which set in after the first hour. Man
hattan was heavy. Specula ion closed weak and
lower, with prices anywhere Jrom % to 3% per
cen: lower on the day.
Bonds were generally lower; sales footed up
f 635. 000. Fort Worth and Denver City sixes fell
BV4 to 56Vij; Cleveland, Cincinnati. Chicago and
St. Louis i.eneral fours fell 1 to 88: Kansas Pa
cific Consolidated fours, 1 to 28; St. Louis South
western tours, 1 to 7i!i/i.
In Governments, 31355 coupon fours of 1895
brought 116 4-5.
Grain.
. " FLOUR— DuII, weak, unsettled: Winter wheat,
low grades, $1 70@2 85: do fair to fancy, $ 2 4f>@
3 55: do patents, $3 70@3 90: Minnesota clears.
92 45(<t:-f 05: do straits, $3 25(a,3 60; 00 patents,
* 3 45@4 40: low extras. $1 70&2 85; city mills,
$4 05&4 16; do patent*, $4 25(^4 45; rye mixture,
»2 5U@3 50- superliue, $1 Bb(a,V 'JO: tine, $1 ~l)(ai
2 10. siouthrni flour, dull, easy; common to fair
extra, 92 'J0(o/^80; good to choice. 92 80(<l3 10.
Bye tlour quirt, steady. $2 40@2 80.
COkNMKAL — Dull, steady: yellow Western,
9'i 05@2 10: Brandywine. 92 15.
-KYK— Nominal; No. 2 Western. 43@43Vfec.
BAKLEY— Quiet; unchanged Western. 39@41c.
■': BARLEY MALI— Western. 48<§>53c.
WHKAT— Dull, lower, with options closing firm;
f. o. b., 74&i,c; ungraded red, 65(g,75c; No. 1 North
ern. 695/j,c
Options fairly active and Irregular, opening firm
at Vie advance, fell %@iy Bi'8 i' through liquidation
and following the West, closed steady at »/»@V2C
decline. July and September most active. No. 2
red. May. 6714 c: June, 67c: July. 67i/ 8 c; August
and .September, t>7c: December, 67% c.
Stock of grain, store and afloat. May 28: Wheat,
1,755.900 bushels: corn. 1,466,728; oa:a. 1.790,
-049: rye, 117,610; barley, 20,0-0: malt, 98 951;
pens, 474 bushels.
CORN— DuII, easier. No. 2, 3434 c elevator; 355/ic
afloat.
Options dull and weak, at Vb® 1 /^ decline, with
the West and on local realizing. July and August
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
. WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdoriT St., Tel. Main 1054.
BRANCH OFFICE ■
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main £828.
.1. S. I'I'KDV, Manager.
Orders 1 nstanMy executed on latent market quo-
tations. Rerjrence Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PKIVAIfc. WIRE. NEW YOKK.
most active. May and June. 34S^c; July, 3514 c;
August. 35»/i c: September 36*-'sC.
oath— Ouady.
options easier, fairly active. May. 23% c; July,
23i.<»c. Spot prices: No. 2, 241/40: No. 2 white,
.5.. ••; NO. 2 Chicago, 251,4 c; No. 3, 2314 c; No. 3
white, 24Vic; mixed Western. '^s@i26c: white do
and white state. itMMe,
FEED BRAN— ssi'a *>sc.
MIDDLINGS— 6S(S7Oc.
li\ E— Feed. 60c
' Provisions.
BEEF— DuII; family, $8 50@9: extra mess,
$6(3.7: beef hams, weak, $14 60; tierced oeef,
dull, lower; city extra India mess, $10@ll 50; cut
meats quiet, easy; pickled nellies, 12 pounds, 1 : *
in ii/4<\ do shoulders, 4Vi@4%c; do hams, 9@
av 2 c.
LAUD— Quiet; Western steam, 84 50@4 55:
city, *4 10: May. 84 55. Refined, dull; conti
nent. $4 85; South American. *:> 25: compound,
4@43/ c.
TOkK- Quiet, easy; . old mess, $8 25@8 75; new
mess, $9@9 60.
BUTTKR— Firm demand: fancy, firm: State
dairy. R@lsc; do creamery. ll@15V&c: do factory,
7@loV&c; Elglns, 161.4 c; Imitation creamery, 10©
12c
CHEESE— Quiet, easy; State laree. old, s@9^c;
do new. 6V 2 (a,7c: do small, 4%@95/ic; do, new,
7i.fta.Sc; part skims, old, 3@4V 2 c; do new, »@sc;
full skims. 2(512
EGGS— Firmer, fair demand; State and Penn
sylvania, H>(a,l2iAc: Western fresh, 10@12c; do,
per case, $1 t>s@2 56.
TALLOW— city, 3(g>3VijC: country, S@
3y«c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, dull: crude. 21c;
yellow, prime. 24^c; do off grades, '24 i/ 2 c.
RESIN— Dull, steady ; strained, common to good,
$1 60t$l 85.
TUKPKNTINE-Quiet, steady: 26@26%c
POTATOES— FairIy active.
RlCK— Moderate demand; steady; Domestic fair
to extra, 3«53/ic; Japan. 4@4i/4C
MOLASsES— Firm; New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— Barely steady : unchanged to 10 points
down; May, $10 65; June, $12 - Jo@l2 30; July.
*11 70@ll 80; August, $11 20@ll 2&; September.
*10 75&10 85; October, $10 60: December, $10 25
<&1O 30. Spot Rio, easier, quiet, No. 7, 13>/ 4 @l4c.
SUGAR— Raw firm, dull: fair refining 3 Vic |» Ib:
centrifugals. 98 test, 4c V* Ib: refined. l-16c higher,
moderately active; off a, 4 11-1 8 c: mold A.
51/30; standard A, 51.4 c: confectioners' A, SVgC;
cut; loaf, 61/hc; gruslifu, 5%c; powdered, 6 9-itic;
granulated, 514 c; cubes, 5%c
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS AND WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8V?@10c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, V" to, 10®12o; do un
peeleo. &Vi<is7c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. sc.
— Two-crown loose muscatel. 3c: do
three-crown, 4(&4Vs c : do four-crown, i(al*i,c;
London layers, 90c(g>$l.
UOPS-Qulet; State common and choice, 2-i^r<sßc:
Pacific Coast. 2ia@2y 8 c
WOOL— Quiet: steady; domestic fleece. 16021 c;
pulled, 16&33 c: Texas, 7@12&
Merchandise.
PIO IRON — Moderately active; American,
10 75@13.
COPPER-Firm: lake. $10 50.
LEAD— Quiet: domestic. $3 02%.
TIN-Quiet: straits. His 50<ai3 »55.
PLATES— Moderate demand.
SPELTER-Easy: domestic, $4 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. 111, May 25.— The wheat trade, or
such of it as Is of bullish turn of mind, looks for
improvement In prices to come from an export de
mand. Some business in that line was transacted
at the seaboard on Saturday, and it was claimed
that the buying for shipment abroad would from
this time on show better. Of course this was alto
gether conjecture, and probably the wish was
father to the thought, but nevertheless the market
received some benefit from the theory as was evi
denced by the opening this morning;. The visible
supply received much attention to-day, a good
decrease being expected, the final postings con
firming the belief. The. reduction was 1,848.000
bushels.
As this was a holiday in Europe there was no
cable and the usual statistics incident to Monday
were not received. Receipts at Chicago were ten
cars. The Northwest had 583 cais against 401
last Monday, and 363 a year ago. Local inspec
tions from store were 13,310 bushels. Danublan
shipments last week were 1,632.000 bushels. At
lantic seaboard clearances amounted to 111,179
bushels. Afternoon holders became discouraged
at the failure of prices to advance and In their
disappointment offered. freely, the effect of which
was to cause weakness and material decline. July
wheat opened from 6 i Vic to 61 Vie sold between
. : ois»r and 60c, closing at b0i B ebid— %c un
der Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
95 cars. • .
CORN— Was affected only by the ruling tone of
Wheat. The feeling was therefore steady to firm
early, but the bidding was not unusually brisk or
noteworthy. ■ There were no cables for the same
reason that none on Wheat were received. Re
ceipts were 405 cars, and 137,935 bushels were
withdrawn from store. The visible supply de
creased 1,163.000 bushels. After noon the
strength was displaced by weakness and prices de
clined. Export clearances amounted to 349,112
bushels. July Corn opened at 29y B e, sold at 88&& C,
closing at 2bS/i@2B%e— i,4(a,B/ B e under Saturday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 725 cars.
OATS— Lacked energy of action, and during the
morning were steady to firm, through the re
lationship existing between them and the other
grain markets. Recelots were 310 cars and 169,
-278 bushels were taken from store. Export
clearances were 94,930 bushels. The visible sup
ply decreased 275,000 bushels. The tone was
easy during the last hour, prices losing more than
was gained: early July oats closed s/ 8 c under Sat
urday. Estimated receipts for Tuesday 615 cars.
FLAX— Was weak. Cash, 85c: May, 82iAc:
July, 83V 2 c; September, 85S/ @B6c. Receipts
were 25 cars.
PROVISIONS— The hog market was not exactly
weak this morning, but the fact that it was not
strong was construed adversely when applied to
product. At first provisions were moderately
steady, but fair offerings and no demand resulted
in the Inevitable loss to prices. At the close July
pork was 22y a 'a,'- > 6c lower, July lard 12Wil5c
lower and July ribs 7V^@loc lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was steady to
day. Quite a good business was transcted, the de
mand being for fine goods principally. Creameries
—Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14i/>c: seconds, I(><oj
13c: Imitations, fancy. llfe-K-fc; Dairies— Extras
lL'^i'ttiyc; firsts. 10@llc; seconds. 9c. Ladles-
Extras, 9@loc: firsts. B®BVac: packing stock. 7c.
: EGGS— sold well and were firm, Receipts were
light. Fresh stock sold from BVfe@9i£c $ dozen.
1 MONEY— Was 62 on call ana b«57% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 90c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— May. s»s/ 8 c; July. tJOiyfec; September,
80-/8 C
CORN— May. 28c; July. / 4@28%c; Septem
ber, 29Vg@30c.
OATS— May, 18c: July, 18*/« c; September. 18-^c
PORK— July, $7 07%: September, $7 25.
LARD— JuIy, 94 27 Va; September, «4 42%.
RIBS-July. $3 85: September, $3 97ya-
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ili., May 25.-The
arrivals of cattle to-day were light. Buyers were
in the market early, and an advance of 15c was
easily secured on desirable lots. Choice hogs were
firm and 5c higher, owing to a small supply or
those kinds. Other sorts were no more than
steady. The run was moderate. Sheep and
lambs were in active demand, and notwithstand
ing a good run prices were 10. 51 5 c higher.
CATTLE — Receipts, 10,000.- Fancy beeves,
$4 30&4 40; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 10@l 26: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 90(i£4 15: medium steers. 1000
to 1 630 pounds. $3 70f0,:-S 90: common to lair steers
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 40<&3 65: choice ' leeders
900 to 1200 pounds. $3 (50(0,3 90: common to choice
stocKers. 9" 80@3 50: bulls, choice to
extra. $3 00@3 30 : bulls, poor 10 cnolce. $2 10®
•i 85; cows and heifers, extra. $3 75@4 10: cows,
fair to choice, $2 40(53 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 60@2 35: calves, good to choice. $1 75(<i
5 25: calves, common to good. $3 25&54 70: Texas
grass steers, $2 80ra3 50; Texas fed "steers. 83 30
@4: Texas cows ana bulls. $2 40@3 25; milkers
ana springers, per bead, BV!O<<l3s.
HOGS— Receipts, 36,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $3 10ftj3 35: common to choice
mixed. (3 15i'a.3 42%; choice assorted. S3 45(<£
8 55; light. $3 25g53 s5: pigs. $2 50 £4 50.
SHEEP — Receipts. 14,000. Interior 10 choice.
80 IS 4; iambs, $3 2536 40.
CALIFORNIA FKUIT SALES.
. CHICAGO, III.; May 25— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to
day, realizing prices as follows: Black Tartarian
cherries. $1 16@1 70; Rockport, $1 05@l 15:
Belle d'Orleaus, 80o; Pringle apricots, half crates.
$1 15.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 25.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California cherries at open auction
to-day, realizing prices as follows; Black Tar
tnriaus. $1 25@2 80 per 10-pound box : Kockport,
$2 20: Napoleon Bigereau, $1 25@1 60; Governor
Woods, 81@1 30. About 1200 boxes sold for
$2000 gross.
Porter Brothers Company sold 10-day at open
auction a carload or California fruit at the follow
ing prices: Cherries — Tartarian:*, $1 05@l HO;
Governor Woods, 80c@91 30: Kockporls, *1 2.V<£
1 30; Royal An ties, $150; Oxhearts, $125-
Eagles, 95c; Purities, 90c Gross sale on part of a
car, 91469. r~
HEW ' YOUR STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
jfflK?Hfri Shares.
; Money on call easy at 1 >/s@2 VaV: last loan iy %;
and closing offered at l'/2 : i Prime mercantile
1 paner, 696>^;i. Bar silver, tßi/ B e. Mexican dollars,
63J/i|C. (sterling exchange quiet, with actual
hiisiuesi in Cankers' Dills at 94 87lyfe@4 873 ■. for
sixty days and 94 86Vi@4 Be»4 for demand. Posted
rBto«, 14 «8«4 891/2- Commercial bills, S4 «UVi
@4 87. Government bonds lower; state bonds
lower: railroad bonds easier. Silver at the board
was firm.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am T»l4 Cable.... 92 Nortolk <£ w-n, 2
Atch180n...... 14% Preferred.... ' " «V«
Prelerrea 22% Kcrthern Paclflo.. iS
Adams Express... 1&0 Preferred.. lIS/7
Alton, Terr* Haute. 54 NcrtJiwestero..... lOsi^
American Express. ll4 Preferred. " "*" 148 i*
American Touacco. 66 Vi N. Y. Central* 96i
Preferred 9tf N. Y. Chicago** I 3
BaybtateUu...... WW Ist preferred 7e
Baltimore a Ohio.. 18 i Id preferred. Si
I.ruDsuieic Uimi.. V.AN. H . 174
Buffalo, Koch At*. 18V§ N. Y.&Nevr Km" 45
Canada Pacific. ;.• 61 N. Y. buaq Jt W... 9
Canada (southern.. 503,4 Preferred. - 25
Canton .Land - 6*l:. Ontario. . 1*
Central Pacific. ... liy. Ontario Westefa. 14 14
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1W»I5.
Cbes.<* Ohio. 16% Oregon Improvm*. 1
Chicago Alton 157 Preferred.... —
Preierreo. 170 Oregon Navigation. , 14
Chlcaco, U. A Q.... 79 Vi Orecon snort Line. 6
Chicago &E. 1U... 41 I'acitto MaU 28
Preferred. US iPecria. D.& Evan*. 2
Cbicasouas ...'. 67% I'lttsburg W pW. 16
Clove* PUtsbuVg:i62' I Pullman Palace...
Consolidation Cow. 32 (quicksilver- _ 1
Consolidated Gas.. 157 Preferred. 16
C. CC «tSU Loui* 3Sv> Heaaiug ■» !
Preferred. 83 " iKtoGrande AWssM IS
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. •-B^4 ; Preferred. - 43 •
Preferred -100 Rock island... ... <OV4
Cotton OU Cert.... 18 KomeWa'.ifcOgdenll4%
Commercial Cable. 150 Pt. L. «fc H. v» 4%
Utl. Hudson 13tJVi! Preferred. 10%
Uel.Lack«fcWesternlHo M.Paul -'''/»
Denver<sh.u 14 Preferred......... 1-8
Preferred. 4734 Kt. Paul & DalutH. 23
Distillers.... mm 181/4) Preferred —8&
General tleclHo... 3i-' » Paul <feO«natta» 431/4
cj c .._. 141 Preferred. .124
Preferred. .... 363/* «■ P. M. * M 1« •
Fort Wayne 160 ibUver Certincates.. e^Vs
GreatNortn«rnDfa.ll* fcouthern Faciao.— 19
Green Hay ...A.. % fcoumern it. X...- »V 4
Hanem 295 i Preferrea. 30
HocklDß Coal j'^tuitar Kennery....
Hocking Valley... 153* Preferred. i0 2, / «
Homeatake 32 Tena. Coal * Iron. Ufa V*
B. «t Texas CenU. \ Preferred 100
Illinois Central 96 Teiu Pacific 8
lowa Central lHV's ToI.A.A.Jt N.Jiion,-—
Preferred. _ 33 1 01. A Ohio C«n.... 3;*
Kansas <X Texas.— ll'/« Preferred ....... i*
Preferred 25 lol.St.Louls*K.a 6y 3
KiniESton<£ Pern... 3 Preferred ■
Lake Erie &Wesut IK Union Pad no 7»/+
Preferred 71% U 11..I 1 .. Den. * Uult »'/4
La*» Shore 149% I; .b. Cordage.^,-. 6%
I»auonai Lead 24S^ Preferred -. JUYa
Preferred „ »«i»/ 4 Guaranteed....— fj-
Long Island. . 79% I. <»• Express. 4U
Louisville A Nash. 60V4 U. X Leather... — 9
LouisvUle 9% Preferred. 64»4
Preferred 20 iU.B.Ruober....— 24
Manhattan Coneoi . 10334! Preferred. *•*
Utispou & Cbarla, 15 ,Ullca&B. River.. 160
Mexican Central... -.'3 4 Web. B. L. <k Fao.. 7V 8
Michigan Central.. 93% Preferred. « 17%
»llnn<ts.i. __ . Welle-Fanra - » 8
Preferred. .— — , Western Union... 85
Minn. A St. L com. 19 la Central - 1
Ist preferred 78' Wheeling &L. k.~ .£»
3d preferred 48V4 Preferred. -. 36%
Missouri pacifla... 25»» Cotton OU pfo. 54»4
McbUeA Ohio 21 W U Beef •**
68 Ann Arbor ;.. 9%
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred 26%
K.J. Central 105 ! Brooklyn Traction. -4%
North American... 66 l 4 Erie 2d pfU -1
CLOSIKQ BONDS.
t'*4s.re« 1087/ 8 M KT2dS. W}4
Do. 4s coupon. ..llo Do, 4s. ,?? a
C new reg 117 Mutual Union 65.. .11*
Do, 4s coupon.. . Hi i* 4 N J Cent Gen 65.. .11*
Do. as 94% Northern Pao lsts.ll"
Do, 6s llsi 4 Do. 2ds l i*^»
l>o. 6s connon.... 4 Do. Sfla J*
Cherokee 4s, 1890. 100 Northwest Consols. ' ■ J;*. 1
Do. 1897- 100 Do. deb 6s- 109%
10. 1898- 100 0 R N lets 110%
Do. 1899 100 tiLAlron.MtOentts 80
Pacific 6s 0f '96.... KiL& HFGi.n6i.llWi
D. C. 3-6 6S 10 9 1/4 fct Paul Consols ...131%
Ala Class A 4. 105 ft. P. C. &Pa lsts.llß
Do. Class B 4, 6s. 105 Da Pac Cal -its- 1 10
Consol 99% Kcuthern K. H. Ds. 94
Missouri funding.. — Texas Pacific firsts 90%
X Carolina con 6a.. 1-4 Tex m Pac seconds. 22
Do, ** 104 UnlonFao latof9B. 103%
to Carolina 4%5.~ 106 Went shore 4s 106%
Icnnnewss 86 Mobile A Ohio «•.. 06V2
Va funding deK... 62 > R brand e West late 76%
Do. Reg — Ches &O 6s 107%
Do. deterred 6s. _ 5 lAtchlson 4s 78>«
Da trust rcDts st 6 I Da a... 42%
C anaOa Houtn 2ds.. 104% G H * « A «5...... 105
C»n Pac lsuor'9s 106%' Do. 2d 7s. IQO
Ucn&K v Ist 111% B A Tex Cent 6a.. 109
Do. <g 91 ! Do. con 109
IrieSda 66 |Beadin« 4a......... 79%
Kasaaa Fa Consols 72% MlMoun «J« ....... 100
*» tm ltu Den divl 1 H 4
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 881/*
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine Silver. >. ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars 64Vi b 4%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— It was a holiday In England and Chi
cago was lower, so between the two the market
was In poor shape with no business to speak of.
No. 1. $1 06 Vi: choice, $1 07W»10h:< 4 : lower
grades, $I@l 05; extra choice for milling, $1 15<a,
1 20 $ ctL W
CALL BOARD HALKA.
Informal Skssion — 10 o'clock — December—
400 tons, 91 03%; 600. 91 02»/i.
Rkoi-lar -Moknino m-.*i u .\- December— 2oo
tons. 91 02Va; 1100. $1 023 8 : 200. 91 02V*.
A >tk.rn<»in SKiftioN — December — 200 tons,
91 02V4: 200, 91 Ol'ig; 600, 91 02; 100, 91 01%.
BARLEY — Futures are stea'iy, but spot quota
tions for Feed are weaker. Feed, 71 I <4(£72VfcC;
choice, 73K/4C; Brewinfe, HO^B6c
CAUL BOARD SALES.
Informal Behsion— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 73c; 400, 73Vs c
Kboilar -Moknino Skhsicn— December— 2oo
tons, 72V»c: 400, /a c; 200, 725/»c; 600; 72V4c
aftkbnoon session — December— loo tons.
72y 8 c: 400,72 c
OaTS — Previous prices rule. Milling, 77iA
&B.V ft ctl; fancy Feed. 85@90c: good to choice.
HO^hSc; common to fair, 705.771 A: Gray, 72%
©82 i/jc; Surprise, 90c®$ I ft ctl.
CORN— Large Yellow, 90i&92JAc; Small Round
do, 97Va c: White. b2V'a@Bsc « cti.
KYfc— 7s@77%c cv.
BL'CKW HKAX-85@90c 9 ctL
FLOUK AND MILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 75@3 85 bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65;
superfine. (2 7S@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Corn, 920@20 50;
Cracked Corn, 921 V ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlcesin 10- Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2S4c; Rye Flour. 3V*c: Rice Flour. "i^c: Corn
meal, 2S/4@3c; extra cream do. 3^»c; Oatmeal,
S3,ic; Oat Groats, 4V<jc: Homlnv. 4(a4i 2 c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, Sy>c; Farina,
41/2 C; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, t*Ao;
Peurl Barley, iV^c: Split Peas, 4^c; Ureen do,
6 Vie T It).
HAY AND FtKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 9I6@I6 60 "r» ton.
MIDDLINGS— 9I6 60@17 30 V ton for lower
grades and 918@19 %■• ton for the best.
FKEDSTLFFS — Rolled Barley, 916@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 V ton; jobbing, 921;
Cottonseed oilcake. $21 'j*. ton.
HAY — New Barley came in but It was poor and
no price was fixed. Wheat is quotable at $8(<$1 1 50
ton: Oat, $7(^9 fl ton; Wheat and Oat. $Btoll-
Barley, 97@8 50: Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover, $ti<&7~so:
Compressed Oat. 86 50@8; Compressed Wheat, 97
(a.lO 50; Stock, $6^7 V ton. -
STRAW— 3O(s.SOc bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos quotable at 90c@$l V- ctl; Small
Whites, $1 25@1 10 %i ctl; Pea. 91 25@1 45
V ctl; Large Whites. *Ud>l 16 "$ ctl: Pink,
90c@$l; Reds. 91 25; I'lacKeye. 81 10'al 06:
Red Kidney. 91 50 1 65; Liiuas, 92 60@2 75;
Butters, 91 40@l 60 for small and 91 25@1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard in quotable at 91 00
(5,2 25 %* ctl; Trieste, f2<a2 50 V ctl; Yel
low Mustard, 91 40(a.l 60; Flax, 91 70@l 80: Ca
nary, 23,40 & Ib; Alfalfa, 7 1 /4Q|9 l /a> : V- B>; l.apt,
2y 202 0 ** ft.; Hemp, 3V<|C ** lb.
DRIED PEAS— 81 25<31 40 f» oil for NUes and
91 25@1 45 lor Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes In sacks are quotable
at 90c@91 25; new Early Rose in boxes from the
River, 91 60 "$ ctl; new Garnet Chiles, 91@1 *5;
River Borbanks, &o{^*s6c; Oregon Burbanks,
60@80c V ctl: Early Rose, 6O(a)'.Oc; Petalim* and
Tomales, &5(a)65c ft cti: Humboidt Burbankn, tO(a>
70c «l cti. **
ONIONS— Lower at 40iaif'0c *f* ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 640 boxes As
paragus, 242 boxes Rhubarb and 689 sacks Teas.
Alameda summer squash, $2 50; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, 25 V- box: Egg Plant, 16@
lbc 'f* It: Los Aneeles Tomatoes, $2@2 DO p, bx: Cu
cumbers, 60c(g,$l V don; Asparagus, 91@2 %< bx for
ordinary and $2 2&(g2 60 for extra: Rhubarb, GOc(q>
91 26; Dried Peppers, 7@9c: Green Peppers, 20r<|i25c
9 Ib: Green Peas. 60cCa,91 fi nack for common and
$1 26@1 60 for Garden; String Beans, s@9c Q Ib lor
Los Angeles and 7@loc %i Ib for Winters; Horse
Beans, sO(gi7&c ft sack; Dried Okra. 12^«u; Cab
bage, 45@50c t* ell; Garlic, 4(ssc V- Ib.
liIITTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Some special brands are bring! over
the quotations, but the general range of values re
mains the same.
Cbeamkky — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 13@13y 0
Dairy— Fancy, IS*:: good to choice, 12@12iAc:
lower grades, 11 (#ll Vac.
CHEESE — Fancy mild new, 7c "$ Ib: common
to good. B'g.HV2c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young
America. B@9c ~$ Ib; Western, 10@llc; Eastern.
12@13y2C.
EG us*— The hot weather is making a wider dif
ference between store and ranch Eggs, the latter
being quoted firmer in consequence. Eastern Baa,
ll@l3Vsc: Store Eggs, li<a,l2c: ranch Eggs, 12X,
@14c; Duck Eggs, 14($i5c v* doz.
POULTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern came in and Hens
sold at 95 25@6. Local stock continued nominal.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13@15c f 1 Ib for
Gobblers, 12@14c for Hens: Geese, $ pair. fl(s
1 25; comings, 91 25@1 50; Ducks, 93 50@4 50
for old and $4«56 $ doz for young: Hens, 93 60«,
4 50; Roosters, young, 98<ffllO: do, old, 94@4 50:
Fryers, 96@7 ; Broilers. 94©3 50 for large and 9VCg)3
for small; Pigeons, 91 26'<jil 60 for young and old.
GAME — Quotations are largely nominal as there
is no demand for Game this hot weather. Hare, 50
@75c: Rabbits, 75c for Cottontails and 60g,75c $4
aoz for small. .
: Minims AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Arrivals of Cherries were
3700 1 oxes, selling at 40@75c for While and Red
and 50@90c V box for Black. Cherries in bulk, 8
(£7e t>, Jb ror:Whltf or Black and 3V2 >isc for culls,
01 which there are a good many arriving.
Ij. E. Grove of Mountain Park Fruit Farm, Cala
veras County, baa sent in some Yellow Newton
Pippin Apples, kept over from lust year, which
sold at 97 * box. . Tlns|recalls the fancy prices of
thirty or forty years ago.
Prlngle Apricots sold at 75c@)j!l 25 * box, 153
boxes coming In ■
BERRIES-Receipts of Strawberries were. 316
chests, selling at S6fa,9 ~& • chest for Longworths
and *4@6 for large berries. _ , , _
tiooaeberries. 20@25c %i drawer and 2@2%c 9
». In sacks for small and 30@35c * drawer and 2%
(S,Sc lb in bulk for large.
Raspberries, a drawer; Newcastle R»spber
ries, $125 crate
No Blackberries from Southern California.
Currant ■. 65te750 v, box
CITRUS FRUITS-«.>n.nises are weak at 75c@
$1 25 for Seedlings, $3@4 for Navels, $1 60©2 60
for Malta Bloods and 5125@2 25 for Mediterranean
Sweets; Lemons, 75ciai*l 25 for common ami $1 50
(aj- 50 lor good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 50@
0; California Limes, $1: Bananas, $I®'-' 1* bunch;
Pineapples, $3@6 i* dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Eastern buyers have already appeared and are '
seeking to make contracts for Prunes, but. their
ideas are considered too low by growers, hence no
prices have been established.
. DRIEj> FRUITS— The following prices rule on ]
tbe Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c » lb for avar- I
terea. 2c for sliced and 4@4Xic for evaporated:
Peaches. 2Vi(oi4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots. Hi,ira j
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc ft |
for fancy Moorpark* Figs, black. 2 Vic for on- |
pressed: White Figs. 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c 9
tb for evaporated halves, 3%@6c «* * tor quarters:
Prunes, 3<g>3V4c; Plums, 3V»c «l Ib for pitted and
II ■• 80 for nnpltted : Nectarines, 3Vij®6c >. Ib for,
prime to choice and 5y 3 c for fancy. - -■-:'■ • '
Jobbino Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%e.
«* lb: sun-dried. l%ftii2c: Peaches. 1 -'V4'?4c and.5(4,6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. Ilial2%c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, s Vic for 406650' a and 4>-jia>ac
for 50(<$60's; Apricots. S%@9c lor prime to choice
30©llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears. 8c -^ tb for evapor- ,
ated halves and 4@7y>c for quarters; Plums, j
3%@lc for pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Nec
tarine!). 4(ssc ?fr Ib for prime to choice. ' .
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices a re as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3»4c V, lb: 3-crown. loose, 2%c: 2
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, 3%@3%c: «**"'ess
Muscatels, -'i 234.c2 3 4.c- three-crown London layers
70c "9 box: clusters $1 35@1 60: Dehesa clusters,
$2 lO@J'-'6; imperial clusters, $'-' 60@2 76: Dried
Grapes. * Ib. _ _
Jobbino Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%c: 3
crown, 2»4^3c: 2-crown, 2V @2%c. Seedless Sul
tanas; 4c %4 ft; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76«90c: clusters, fl 60@l 75;
Dehesa dusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3 75;
Dried Grapes, . _ _
NUTS- Walnuts are quotab c at 9@llc » Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c * Ib for paper-shell, job
bing lots; Almonds, tf@7%c 1* tt. for Languedoc
and"B%«lOcfor paper shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5%
@7c for Eastern and 4%@5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 5(4)6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts. 9®loc V
tt>; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10®12c V » for
bright and B@9c V tb for lower grades: water
white extracted, 6@5%c v* Ib: light amber ex
tracted, 4Vi@4s / ic; dark amber, 4c; dark. 2<O3C
BEESWAJC--J5^ 11 r sC * lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c V Ib for heary, 7c
for light medium, 9c V Ib for light. 10c for extra
light and 12c <f* tt. for sugar-cured: Kastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy a c: California Hams. 10c •$ tb;
Mess Beef. $7 60(<i.x; extra mess do, $8 50<$9; fam
ily do, $10: extra prime Pork. $8 50@9: extra
clear, j"l4"r bbl: mess, *12 * bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c It.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 614s V Ib
for compound and «4c« 4 c for pure; palls, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, sVic for compound and b'/4 c for
pure: halt-hols, 6y«@B%c; 10- tb tins, 7140; do 6- Ib, 1
7'ic ? iti.
COTToLENE-ei/4C@6V« in tierces and 7@7%c ,
?Hb in 10-tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS. I
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers '
are quotable at 7c %* &>; culls and brands, 6c ft
Ib; medium. 6c '?. ft.; culls and brands. 6c: light, ;
sc: culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, 5(£5%c V Ib; '
culls and brands, 4'gHV-jc: salted Kip. 6c ft lb; ■
salted Calf 7c: «a!t-tu veal. 6c; dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, 8c V tb: dry Kip and Veal,
8(&9c; runs. 7c: dry Calf, l&c; culls), 10c; Goal-
SKlns, 20(£35c each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
summer, 30c; medium, 15@25c: winter, 10ia,:5c;
sheepskins, shearlings, 10(3i15c each; short wool.
20@35ceach; medium, 40®50c each ; long wools.
60c each. Culls of all kinds about =-c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3Vi®3%c; No. 2,
3c: refined. s%@s^c; Grease. 2%c f» !b.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada. 6@9c t* Ib: |
San Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4<q,6c;
san Joaquin, foothill, good 10 choice, ".<^Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%@6%c; northern free, 7
@9c: do, defective, 5(&6%c %< Ib.
HOPS— Nominally lV 3 (^3c V Ib.
t.i.M KAI. MERCHANDISE.
BAUS-Calcutta Grain Rags, spot. 94 15@4 20;
Ji-.ne.July delivery, 94 35: San Quentin, 94 IM;
Wool Hags. 241,(^261 2 c
COAL- Wellington, »8 ft ton: New Wellington,
98 9 ton: Soutntteid Wellington, 97 50 9 ton;
Seattle, 9.Va5 60; Bryant. 5; Coos Uav, 94 50;
Wallsend. *6 50; Scotch, 97 50: Brymbo. «7 60:
Cumberland. 913 60 In bulk and 915 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 911; Cannel, 98:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
97 60; Coke, 910 60 in bulk and 912 60 $ ton in
sacks.
CANNED FRUITS— San Francisco , Fruit
Exchange Issues a revised list of prices, showing a
slenderly stocked market. New rack of Cherries,
black or red— 3-lb extr«. 92 60; 2Vj tt) standur'ls,
91 t;S(n>-: seconds, 91 65&1 85; White Cherries—
3-lb extra, 93(3,3 50: '2-,% tb standards. 91 POrd.
'I 25. Peaches— Yellow iree, cation pi . 9'.'(^2 50:
yellow cling. 2Vfe-lb standards, 91 -~i(a I 40: sec
onds. 91 10@l ;0; gallon pie, £2<ecv? ,r>o;, r >o; white
cling. •_"• -lti standards, 91 26@1 45. Lemon clings
are scarcer. There are no Hart let t Pears left ana
no Blackberries. No Apples but lie fruit left.
Apricots— 2> it- Ib pie, 75@85c; ga.lon pie, $2;a.': 25.
Ormpeo— Gallon pie, ."f'j(a.2 25. Raspberries— 2y«-lb
standards, 91 35<$1 BO; seconds, 91 30tij,l"'i5.
Strawberries- 'JVj-Ib standards, 91 35(u.l 75: sec
onds, 91 'Mia 1 65. Pears and Cherries are very
strong. In fact, the whole Canned Fruli market Is
In rood shape. •" *- ■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6>4c; Dry Granulated, 5. > H e;
Confectioner*' A, 6y»c: Magnolia A. sc: Extra
C, 47, ac; Golden C, 4*s^c: half-barrels, V*c more
than barrels, and boxes V%c more.
SYKUP-Oolden, in bbU, 16c; Black Strap. 10c
* gal.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terer? are •-; follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5/25 Vic; second do, 4%@
4" 4 c, third do. SV»<a4c ¥ Ib.
VEAL— Large, 5(&6c: small, 6@7c In.
MUTTON— Wethers, s@6V<|C; Ewes. 4»^@se
It IK
LAMB— Spring Lamb. &&6V&C V Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3y @3V + c >• tb for largo and
3i4f<i33 /g c for small and medium: dressed do, iy 2
@by 4 c %< lb. *_-_V
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Floor, or. sks 1 6.67 5 Middlings, 5k5..... 245
Oregon 25>44 Oregon 500
Washington 4,226|8ay, ........ 423
Wheat. tun 10.253 Butter, ctl* 230
Oregon 2,741 Cheese, ctls. HO
Washington 1,940 Eggs, doz • 8,910
Barley, ct15. ....... 15,«(J9 Hides, no >. 351
Oats, ctl s. 620U'«>11«.DdH.._....^ 280
Oregon 270 : Wool, bis 2:13
Washington 9.1."> Wine, eals 48,400
Beam. 3,377 Brandy, sals 1.000
Potatoes, a1ca....... 1,4 12 Leather, r011*... ._" HI
Oregon 2 037 Quicksilver, Oases 72
Onions, aki ; 972! Lumber. M feet,... ' ».»
Brao, ski. \. 960 TaHow. ctls 44
Oregon 1,605 Flaxseed, Wsh.sk 505
m
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks Open Higher and More
Active.
Comstock mining shares w tc higher again yes
terday, the advance from Saturday's best figures
being from 15 cents to 46 cents in the higher
priced stocks. Trading also showed a marker! in
crease, especially on the noon Informal session,
where I he highest figures of the day were reached
as a rule. The feeling was somewhat easier on the
afternoon call.
The dost- was quieter and Irregular, some stocks
being lower and a few higher.
On the Bond Exchange Giant Powder advanced
to 925 under fresh rumors of a powder combine.
The augur stocks were a so fractionally stronger.
The Crown Point delinquent sale takes place to
day.
Additional weekly, reports ' from the Comstock
are us follows: * •
Brunswick Exploration ' Company— Shaft
I— This shaft has been suck 12 feel on the incline,
passing through clay, porphyry and quartz show,
ltig some value, total deoth 443 feet. 200 level—
The north drift from the station has been extended
10 feet, passing through porphyry and quartz
showing some value, toial length 185 feet. We
have been timbering and repairing the south drift
during the week. In grading the bottom of the
track we found that the ore which now shows In
the face extended back alone the bottom for 32
feet. Shaft The south drift started in west
crosscut 1, 45 feet* from main south drift. This
dritt has been advanced 15 feet through hard por
phyry and stringers of quartz, total length 85 feet.
From the end of this drift we have started an east
crosscut— No. 3— and advanced It 9 feet; face in
porphyry and quartz Gouid & Curry's tunnel—
j From the end 750 feet from the mouth of the
main north drift we have started a west crosscut-
No. 4— and advanced it 12 feet; face In quartz
giving fair assays. • . .
Nothing new is reported from the Sierra Nevada,
Andes, B<>st & livelier or («oul<l Curry.
The superintendent of the Amalle mine, Kern
County, writes: "Yoursof the 20th Inst. containing
certificate of assay from the National itase Ore
Reduction Company received. They certainly
make a good showing. 1 will order more lumber
as soon as Igo to the City. We have coslderable
on hand for the carpenters to work up and as much
as the teams can haul from the railroad station at
present,
"We are not moving as rapidly, with our Im
provements as we would like. he two boilers
are In place at the hoisting-works and work is
stenuily progressing in enlarging the shaft. It will
be quite a little while, however, before the holst-
Inc materials are here. .They are now at Calitnte,
waiting for teams to haul them up, which Ih being
done as rapidly as possible. The mill is running
steadily end doing good work. I rind a great Ira
provemetu. in .bundling concentrates from .the
frucs. The ore we are treating turns out about 10
per cent of concentrate* that assay 9300 per ton.
« c are striking 11 very good body of ore near the
we&tern limit of the claim. We have bunk 25.feet
and are now drifting.- Richer or.' is shown than
any found at the same depth, running uigh in gold
and silver. We are also taking out high-grade ore
; from me stope above the tunnel."
. BOAItH SALES. :
rollowins were the »»'•»» ■■> the - Han nmactto*
••ecu Board yesterday: 5-'^'^-
KHiiM ar icoHvivn sßsktov cucvi-v/rw 9:30.
200 A)Dha.. ...25|200 C P0int.. .70100 0cc1dt1..1.65
' 600 Alto 09! SCO ....69J250 0phir....1.75
900 Belcner...6HHsO tiS,7OO 0vrmn....14
•JOO B * £..1,65400 .;.....:.. .67 1350 Potosl-l.iiW
I 550 1.50|300 ....6(519 00 Savage.l.6o
330 Bodie 70|100 Exchqr...l< 1750 ! 1.55
500 8u11i0n. ..30,300 li & C... 1.70,100 Scorpion..
500 ;. 29300 1.76 100 1.05
300 Cha11DK... 48150 H*2i.'..2.70 150 1.00
1650 Cbollr.U.tiO 1000 ...... 2.751100 Union 93
800 .2.65 100 ..2.81)200 Utah IX
150 CC&V...2.85 560 .1. 053011 V Jckt.... 66
'-'00 ..•J.HO 200 .1.001100 55
100 conn.... 1.40*  . . I- .. . -
*»TK»NOO!» SESSION' — 2:30.
200 A1pha. „.. 27 100 CC*V...2.90 I ,SOO 0ph1r.... 1.75
100 28 50 2.85 100 0vrmn....18
200 Andes.... 200 txcnqr...lli'Joo .............17
150 37200 0 C..1.60 3')o P0t051...1.40
100 Belcher... 7P 200 H«>.. .2.85 700 145
100 80 400 •...Z.90 VIM) Ba vac*. 1.50
100 8u11i0n... 87 100 Kentack..o7.2oO ..... 1.45
100 8u1wer...37 700 Alex.... 1.05 200 Meg 8e1.. .10
100 dialing.. 100 1.10,200 4 Nev..1.05
1100 Chollarl'.7O 300 0ccdt1... 1.65 1000 V Jackt.6s
200 CrwnPt..tjO . < ,
following were t&e sales in the . Pactao atooit
Board yesterday : ; • • - '
Blur I. BRSSIOX— IO:3a i'jk'Vi'
800 A1pha..... 25,1500 C Imp. 03 100 Mxcnl.
300 Andes. 39100 Chollar.2.4o' 50 (Held... .
100 40,150 2.50 1.65
200 8e1cher... 67 350 12.55 IPO .-.1%
200 69.100 2.57J/3 100 Ophlrl.B2^
1050 70J050 ..2.ttU2000vrmn....18
100 68900 2.65 100 P0t051..1.20
100 76100 2.75 50 1.25
200 77100 ..~.. .8.77% 960 1.35
650 80 150 ......... 2.81/750 ....... .1.30
100 79 800 Excbqr...lo 850 1.40
100 61 bOO O * C..1.75 50. .......1.42Va
250 8<fc8.... 1.60 860 1.70*00 18/.
100 1.65 300 .1.661700 Savage.. 1.45
300 15.100 ...... 1.72^,1900 1.66
250 1.55 100 HAN. ..2.50,600... 1.60
350 1.571? 21*0 2.60 700 ■...-.. ..1.65
700 1.60760 2.65 100 1.67^
100 1.45150 2.55 60 1.521/2
200 Bullion. ..30.950 2.70' 50 1.50
600 , 29L'00 .......2.7*«.1100 58AM....18
600 8u1wer....38100 ..2.75200 S Nt.1.07^
600 Caleda.... 12 100 2.85 100 1.02y 3
60 Chalice. ..6o,loo 2.80 200 1.05
350 CC&V.. 2.90400 Justice.. ..l4l2oo Union C..91
300 2.95!800 Mexn 1.02 100 93
600 Crwn P1...72|1060 1 05100 97
200 71 300 1.071/b '3oo YJaoKei..6s
100 76 800 1.10 100 i»...;64
AFTKKJfOOX SKaSION— 2:BO.
200 Alta 11 200 C Point. . .72 300 Ophlr. . .1.80
100 Andes.... 200Ch11nKe...13 200 1.77"j
100 Blcnr . 79 200Ch0ur...2.70 100 Pototl.. 1.35
100 82 100 CCV 2.95 350 1.45
400 300 O AC ...1^ 818 1 150 ..1.42Va
50 B A 8. .1.501 50 1.65 160 1.40
100 1.55 200 HAN .. .2.70 300 Savage.. l.so
300 8u11i0n... 29 150 3.801150 1.60
400Caled. 12300 2.90 200 Boorplon..oß
100 11.300 2.921, 400 8 8AM....18
100 12V2250 2.95 200 19
200; 18100 3.001100 8 Nev..l 10
300 C P0int... 69 2000 Justice. .l 2 100 Union. .l.oo
200 71 50 Mexlcn.l.lo 200 YJack»l..6l
200 100 Overman. 17 100 ...... .....Otf
CLOSLNtr QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 25 - 4 p. at.
£i*.Atkr<i ,i .--.., BlA.A*kad.
alpha C0n... .. 26 27 Jackson. _ 40 —
Alta .......... 10 11 Julia-. ... ... — 20
Andes 39 40 Ju5tice......... 12 14
Belcher.. 84 86KentneK.' .^. 06 07
! Best A B«ion«t; 1.50 1.53 Lady Waan.... 06 07
Eodie _ 70 75 Mexican ..1.05 1.10
Bullion _ 28 29 Mono .... — 15
Bulwer _ 38 40 Nevada — 06
i Caledonia.. 12 14 Occidental 1.65 1.70
I Choliar 2.70 2.7s;Uphir 1.80 1.85
< Con. CaL A Va. 2.95 3.00 Overman 17 19
Challenge Con. 50 52 P0t0e1. ;........ 1.45 1.60
; Con. Imperial. 02 04'fcav»re... ...... 1.55 1.60
Confidence.... — 1.45 t^g. Botcher... 18 20
Crown Point. 71 73 Silver Hill 05 06
KastSierraae* — 06 blerra Nevaaa. 1.10 1.15
Exchequer..... 10 11 Union Coa 95 99
Uould A Carry. 1.60 1.65 Utah.. 18 20
llale*ftorcn.2.9s 3.00 Yellow Jaoket. 67 69
GOLD MINING KXCHANOK.
300 Amalle... 2*15" Providence
300 „ 2 30 8 id... 60 00
150 240 Asked 80 00
Champion 400 Savannah _ U'j
I Aolced 28 00 400 40
; 100 Kdna 500 ."..:........ 41 i
•JOOf.raiiU 13 100 ;.... 42
Kennedy 1300 4.3
Bid... '. ....10 002IHI Sebastopol .. A 9
Keystone. 400 50
Bid 65 00 Thorpe _ '
400 Lockwood Con.. S3 Asked : 70
300 84 1
LOCAL, SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Humboidt Bank :.....'...„ 1100 00
Asked 100 AMa* Iron Works :..... 90
Asked 60 Tnscarora Water...... 7 00
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 25 3 p.m.
raiTKn KT«Tii Bi.vui.
Si 4. Aiked.\ ■• , Bid. Askad.
< € S«sflenp..lUß% — D U«s r«8...109?/ a -
I Do. new is... 117 - | : - .
MIHCKI.L* v .<tf% nofn<. : .. :
: Cal-«tO>te99. — 112 V, Do. 2d Jim 4*. - = ; — :
CalElecL6s. -. 1231 .._. 1' 4O Ry >ii. 109 ISO
I'BlraCWSs, 96% 98 "jPAChRves. - 107
Dpontd-cp 77 95 :P*rl-st.RRBs. — 1161/4
tOsnl-tl'es. - 12'JWlleno. WI«xI» - 105
F*CURRBs.IO4y a - P.iverW — 100
Uearv"Str.si.lO2-i 4 105 IsactoP A L.. - 10i' 3
LosAncLda. -' 103 SFANPRRBiIOIVj -
Do,Gnted.6s. - 103 bPßßAriids - 98
Mkt-«tCb1e64133 - WRRCaISs.. 108^111
DoßyConss.. 1051,8106 hPilßCaiM_ — —
, KevCy«R7a. 86 105 f-iT3rßCalßs. 99 101
i X PCKKB*. - 108 SVWaterei.. 118% -
I N RyCai6«. 1021 : 105 hVWa^r«s._ — 99
1 NP.yCalbi. — 100 StklnO&Eß» — 100' 4
Oak Uas 65.. 100 104 Vi gunatT&TSs, 100 —
Da 2d las 6s. 10 4 VI O6 Butter-stHss.lU7y —
Omnibus 6«..l 19 — VumllaWCd* — 9i
I'HCltOll.Mtii. - —
WAT'- R RTOCK*. ,•
Contra Costa »7 395/i'Ran Jose 76 100
MartnUa... 50 - |bprlngVall«r 98»i 99
-. . / ►/(•(.TOCKV
Capital....... 15 30 Pacific Light. 46» /4 47Va
Central...... 95 — banxrancsoo 92 92 Vr
OtkQUa 52Vi 62% Stockton..... — j aiVa
| facuaslmp, 86 ' 86y a ' ■.• ,- •:
VSUKI >. ' STUOJC*. ' .
rircmaosFd. 1 65 — . |8un........... 25 60
'-'."•~'y< '. . (IIXUh.K '1 41, WXK ST(1"K«, ' '
'. AmfrßitTO. — — LonrtonP&A. 128 129
Anclo-Cal ... 51-3: — London — 27Va
BankofCaL. — 242% Merch Ex.... 13 —
CaISD&TCo. S»V« 5b Nevada.. ,.„ - ' — y
FlrstNaitonl.l7B 182%' bather 800. - ', — ':* •
Uraogers — — — ! •
>O-|OT' RANK «T">CKI.
o«rS£LCo..l«ls 1600 IBavALoan.. — 100
lIumbS&L.UOO 1459 Security - 290
Mutual — 40 Union Trait. 740 ' — .
1 bib«vUniOD — 486 | • . :.^
~:. t , - ; 6TRBET KAILROAD.nTOCKV
California.... — 110 |Oak.SLAHar - ion
Ueory-st — 63 Presidio...-. 6 7%
Market-it. .- 44 > — Sutter-st-.... — • -
POt» ..»R OTIiCKI. ■
Atlantic D... lfl% — |Judsoa....._ — —
Eastern D... — 87 Variant. „. 24Sa 25V«
California.... 75 — Vlgonu...._ Bt»c • 90c
winanuxnßn «to~^i
: Alaska Pkrs. 96 100 OceanlcSSOo — 24y 4
BlkDCoalCa — 10 PacAuxFA.. I _
Cot Mills.. — — lac Borax. 93 100
CalDrrDocK. — — I'nclASUd - 80
F.diioiiLlgHi. 11.; — Pac Roll Mill - -
GasConAdsa. — — [ParfPalntC<x By, . 71.-
Ger Lead Co. 85 — (PacTransCa. — «4
IUwCAHCo. 20% 20% I'acT&TCo 65 ' 70
HntchSPCo.. 27y4 a 7V 2 BunsetTAT.. iX —
JodsonMtgC. — ■ — UnIMdOOO.. — Ui
■ UerKxAssalOU 110 I
- . SAUBB— M.'RSI.VU KICSSIOV . . • .
Board— - • • ■ • - ' -
15 Edison Light & Power Co 116 76
50 Giant Powder Con ....■.■„■..:..„ 25 00
80- do do 24 50
20 Hawaiian Commercial..:.';-.:..-...:..' 21 00
I 275 do do 20 75
25 do do, 2 ....::.... 20 75
i .'0 Hutchlnson -> P Co. .'..V.. 27 00
45 5 F Gaslight 62 00
5 do do .-...'..„■. 92 12Vi
Street— - •»■> . * ?':!M"'
-30 Pacific Lighting ;.. ■ 47 00
MALES— AFTKBNOOX.BKS3ION. -,-Vv '
Board— ;..-•. :. : • . fv; ■'■:'••
I 100 Hawaiian Commercial -. 20 75
I 100. /do do, b3 ....:......... 20 75
in Market-st Railway . 44 25
35 Oakland Gas 52 75
50 SF Gaslight 92 12iA
50 • do do .........'.. 92 00
10 8 V Water ; :.;.... 98 871 A
120 do do 98 75
Street— '
105 Giant Powder Con 34 75
80 do do ......:.;......• 25 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial .':........ ■ 20 75
140 Hutchinson 8 P C 0........ . 27 26
THE CALL CALENDAR,
May, 1896.
Su. Mo.lTu. W.
3 .4 6 «
10 11 .12 13
I 17 18 19 20
24 25 36 127
7T r
31
Th.l^-r-jSa.l Moon'B Phases.
[ •— **■/. .-. Mar 4.
7 1. , -a»- • i,. - —
8 9; — ____!—! —
"—" ~~~~ dßk New Moon. I
14 15 16 ! W May i 3.
1 '2- I - ' t^-! ' — T*
. ( 1 Last Quarter.
V7 g May 4:
" ~~~ A Xew Moon.
15 16 ! W May i 3.
21 22 23 /-V|Flrst Quarter
<D . May 19.
28 29 30 5 — t
— — '■ "-^- fC\ Full Moon.
f .' . . <&> . May 20.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Franclaco.
HTEAXES
j DWITIICATIOM. |
SAIL*.
| PIKTL.
Wmuu.,.
Hunol
Enrvka ....
4raco ... ..'
Columbia...
City Sydney
Monowai ...
Belitlc
Kama Hata..
I." mat U 1a....
1'0m0ua.....
« Pauu;...
Empire.....
Orizaba.
Biat* of ca
C0r0na..;...
aralion....
KM KiT«r..... May 27.. 9am
Grays Harbor. Ma\-J7,12 m
Ntwoor; May." 7, Ham
Coo* 8ar...... May I'".
Portland ...... May.'H.KUii
Panama M»v2s.l'J m
Sydney ..'. May2B. 2ru
China A Japan I May2B. Bpii
ian l»le<o MayJ9. l Uk
Vie A Fct Bnci < M ay ■.'«. .9am
MnmDoldtßay May 29. 'iru
Nawoort Mny3l. 9am
Oregon ports ..' .r ue 1. bvu
Mexico '.. Jne I,loam
PorciaDd |Jne - 2.10 am
Kan Diego.. .v. Jne 3,11au
! * aquln* Bay.. |Jne 3, Srw
Pier la
Pier 'i
Pier 11
Pier IS
Pier li
P MSS
Oceanic
P MSS
Pier 11
Pier
Pier
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier IS
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
iTEAMIi!
From
Anuro ......... ! coo* Bay.. ..May 26
Washtenaw iTacoma May 26
Progressist Departure Bay May 26
Orizaba j Mexico May 26
Mexico Seattle May 26
01e0ne...:.. ! Crescent City L.May 26
e«ou H0a«.. .... *an Di*go_ ..May 27
Mackinaw !i aroma May 28
ban Bias ! Panama ..May 28
Pomona. Humboid; Bay May 28
st Paul ! Newport.; May 29
Acapulco i Panama... .....; May 29
Clivot Everett ] Nanaimo '.May 29
Willamette Seattle... May 29
City or PoeDia. . i Victoria <& i'uße: (Sound . . May 30
RtaMofCal Portland May 30
Empire Portland May 30
Farallon Yaonina 8ay ............ May 31
Crnctntuir... Crescent City. May 31
W«eotu Eel River May 31
Corona. San Ulexo.. June 1
Arcata | Portland June 1
Eureka Newport ..June 2
Nortß fore... | Humboidt Bay ..June 2
Columbia. Portland June 4
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. 8. COAST AND UEODKTIO SIJKTIt TtD* 1 )
BrLI-KTtJf POBI.IBHBD BT OFFICIAL V
AUTHOBITY OF THX SUPKBIXTBNDBNT. )
Tuesday May 28.
Sunrlss* 4.51! M00n rts«s
Sunsets 7.25|M00a sets 4.03 am
May — 1896.
g|Tlme} Feet Tin.>| Feet Time j F.et Time Feet
* L w| II W| L, W| H W
26 5.18 —1.6 12.31 4.4 4.48 2.9 10.50 1 8.1
87 6.07 -I.M 1.30 4.5 6.35 3.111.33 5.9
38 6.64 —1.7 2.26 4.4 6.36 3.2
H W Feet L W Feet H W Feet L wl Feet
29 0.17 ■ 6.7 7.41 —1.5 3.21 4.6 7.24 3.3
30 1.04 6.4 8.27 —1.2 4.13 4.6 8.31 3.3
31 1.57 i 4.6 9.11 —0.7 6.00 4.6 9.48 8.2
Junk.
II 3.02] 4.31 9.»4|— 0.11 6.38! 4.8111.10! 2.8
4.lh| 3.7|10.38| 0.5! 6.14| 4-91 |......
.note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
*arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tbs
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column Rives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and t.-.s last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlvs
from the depth given by the charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bxakcr Htdbosbafhio Ofctok, U. a. v. . ■»
Merchants' Exchanojc. V
San Francisco. May 26. 189 A J
The time ball on Telegrapa Hill was not dropped
to-day on account of failure of noon signal.
':; •;-: A. F. FkcUTKLKB,
Lieutenant U. 8. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, May 25.
stmr Lakme, Anderson, 42 hours from Hue
neme; produce, to Cha's Nelson.
Stmr Oeo Loomis, Brldgett, 38 hours from Ven
tura: 6301 bbls oil, to Pacific coasw Oil Co.
Stmr Truclcee, Tbomaa, 41 hours from Coos
Bay : pass and 475 tons coal, to J D Bpreclcels &
Bros Co.
Stmr .Rival, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg: lumber and r r ties, to Samuel Blair.
>tmr Washtenuw. Crosscuji, 75 hours from Ta
coma; 4500 tons coal, to s P Co. Oakland direct.
Htmr Umaiilla. Hunter. 57 hours from Victoria;
pass and mdse. to Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jeptten, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
4 Co.
Stmr Arago. Reed. 37 hours from Coos Bay, via
Port Or ford 52 hours; past and mdse, to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
ship Spartan, Polite, 11 days from Seattle; 2280
tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
ship Sterling, Wheldon, 142 days from New
York: mdse, to Sutton <£ Beebe
Bark Enoch Talbol, Johnson, 24 days from Re
dondo: 9000 bms oil. to Arctic Oil Works.
lUtn N'or.h Bend. Wallace, 8 daysfrom Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Christensen, "days from
Coquille Kiver; 140 M ft lumber, to Simpson .Lum
ber Co.
Schr Pilot, Johnson, from fishing cruise, 25,000 !
lbs hnlibut. to master.
Schr Chas Hanson, Nielsen, 8 days from Grays
Harbor: 230 M ft lumber, to E X, Wood Lumber
Co.
schr Emma Claualna, Nielsen, 12 days from
Tacoma; 300 M ft lumber, to Dickens Lumber Co.
Cleared. 'i'.'vs
MONDAY. May 25. !
Stmr Pomona, Dorau, Eureka; Good all, Perkins
A Co. ' '
Stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins j
* Co. :
,^-, Sailed.
MONDAY. May 25. I
Stmr Westport, Jacobs.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen. Eureka. -
Stmr Corona, Hail, San Diego, r
Stmr Caspar, Anhndsen, Caspar.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Dei None, otockfleth, Grays Harbor.
Scnr Etta B, Madseu, Fort Ross.
Charters.
The - Sharpshooter Is chartered for wheat to !
Maryborough, Australia, private.
»n!sY Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 25-10 p. it-Weather
hazy, wind NW; velocity 6mUw
■±\ ■' Spoken.
May Lat 37 34 N, long 36 62 W, Br ship
Falls of Clyde, hence Jan 23, for Queenstown.
April 16— X.at 1 S. long 27 W, Ger baric Este. fm
Cardiff for Santa Rosalia.
Lat 66 57 S, long 79 50 W, Br ship Eaton Hall, |
from Tacoma, for Qaeenstown.
Domestic Port*.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 26— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence May 23; stmr Arcata, hence May 21,
via Eureka.
■Sailed May 25— Stmr Albion. -
NEWPORT— Arrived May 25— Stmr Alcazar.
PORT ELAKELEY— SaiIed May 81— Schr Beu
lah, for Guaymas.
TATOOSH- Pawed May 25-Bark Richard 111,
from Seattle, for Alaska. ►'■••;<
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlvea May 7— Br ship i
Chlltonford. from Santa Rosalia.
TACOMA— sailed May 24— Ship Dashing Wave
for San Francisco; bark Tidal Wave, for San Fran
cisco.
. Cleared May 22— Br ship Roy, for Sydney.
sailed May 22— Schr • Helen N Klmball, for San
Francisco. • ."•-';- -
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 25— Bark Aureola
hence May 7.
USAL— Arrived May 25— Stmr Protection, hnc
May 23. . .
MENDOCINO— Arrived May 25— Schr Nettie
sundborg, hence May 22; schr Bobolink, hence
May 22. . ■; . '
Sailed May 22— Schr Nettle Sundborg, for Na
varro.
TATOOSH— Passed May 25— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 25— Stmr Farallon,
hence May 34, and sailed for Yaqtnna Bay.
NAVARKO- Arrived May 26-Schr Nettle
Sunilbors. from Mendoclno.
SEATTLE-Sailed May 25-Stmr City of Ever
ett, for ana! mo.
BOWENB LANDING— SaiIed May . 25-Schr
Monterey, for Redondo.
PORTGAMBLE-Arrlred May 25— Schr Hue
neme.jrom Tacoma.
Sailed May 25-Chil ship Republic, for West
Coast. South Africa. . . :> .
TACOMA-Bailed May 25-Schr Fanny Adele,
for ban Pedro. . . '■.•..■■.-"*
PORTBLAKELEY-Sailed May 25-Schr Al
caide, for San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
PANAMA-Arnved May 22-Stmr Newport,
from New York. v *
PLNTA AHENAS-Arrired May 17— Ger bark
J 0 Pfluger. hence Mar 26.
AVONMOVTH-Arrlved May 2S-Sh!p Susque
hannab, hence Jan 12.
ENSEN ADA-Salled May 24-Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 25— Stmr Fulda, fm i
Genoa; stmr Mobile, from London; stmr Marsala, '
from Hamburg.
BANDY HOOK-Arrlved out May 25-Stmr i
Kaiser Wilhelm IL
HAVRE— Arrived out May 25-Stmr La Tour- 1
COPENHAGEN-Arrived out May 36-Stmr i
Norge.
GLASGOW- Arrived out May 25-Stmrs State
of California and Furnessia.
N^BR.\LTAR-Salled May 35-3tmr Ems, for
DOVER-Paased May 25— Stmr Scandla, from
Hamburg, for New York.
Importations.
HTTENEME-Per Lakme-8454 sks barley. 388
sks corn, 130 sks beans, 5 tons junk.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 2o bxs lemons, 144
bxs oranges.
San Slmeon-12 tubs 78Vi bxs butter. 5 «• eet.,
10 tlasks quicksilver, 6 dressed calves.
Cayucos-68 oxs butter, 1 separator, • o»«gnt
10 dressed calves.
PC Ry statiohs-38 bxs fish, 1 pkg castings, 1 >■»
dry Koo.ls. A pigs beeswax. 9 cs cheese. 1 pkg uro
eerie*, 109 bxs butter, 26i/fc cseggs, 3 pkgs tiiil-.c,
Arroyo Grande— Bs sks beans.
Carpenterla— l iron Icetlle.
Sauta Barbara- 1 bx dry goods, Ibx dried fruit,
1 bx nutter. 73 bxs lemons, 55 bxs oranffes.
Gaviota-5 bxs butter.
East San Pedro— HO pkgs mdse.
S P Co via San Pedro-400 sks wall plaster.
\ entura — 5 pkgs household goods, 1 trunk per
sonal effects, i cs barber chairs, 1 hx castings. 69
bxs lemons. 2 bxs outter, -i gas engines, 1 bx dried
chestnuts, 311 sks beans. 54 bxs oranges, 1 coop
fowl. 4 cs egss.
VANCOUVER- eer TJmatllla-7 pkgs mdse.
Foreign via Vancouver— 14 pkgs mdse. 1875 cs
chamongne. 361 bdls salt hides, 13 bdls dry hides.
11 bdls sheepskins.
Comoj- 1001 tons coal.
New Whatcom— s bxs plates.
Anacortes— 6oo hdls codfish
Everett- 1003 bdls 516 rolls paper, 2 pkgs mdse,
800 bars bullion. v *~ <
Tacoma— 3» pkgs mdse. Ics machinery. 47 sks
bones. 1 bdl deerskins, 20 bdln hides.
Tacoma west or Fargo— ls pkgs mdse, 79 sks
wool, 41 bdls green hides, 2 bdls dry hides, 1 sk
tMls. 1 cs shoes, 650 sks flour, 41 sks mill feed.
1062 sks oats, 1460 sks flour, 1190 sks wheat, 005 |
Bks flax.
N PR R via Tacoma— B bxs hardware, 2cs seal-
Ing wax. 3 pkgs mdse.
Seattle-6 bxs medicine. 17 pkgs mdse, 2 bbls
metal, 1 elk head. 200 hf-sks 8 qr-sks i flour 543
Ddis hides. 13 bdls deerskins, 8 bdls salt calf 1.3
ska clay, 7 bxs fish. 46 cs smoked meat, 685 bdls
laths, 6 picgs express, 2 sks coin. 108 pkgs furni
tUC?N Ry via Seattle-7 bdls dry hides, 1 bdl calf
hides. 2 fcdls sheep pelts, 1 sk tails. '£ cs books, 300
sks wheat.
Killisnoo-2.500 sks guano.
PortTownsend-112 bdlsgreen hides, 3 okgt
mdse, 3 pkgs express.
Viotoria-33 bdls salt hides, 10 pkgs hardware, 3
horses, 4 pkgs mdse, 1 pkg express. 9 sks coin.
Consieneea.
Per Lakme— Chas Nelson: J X Armsby .t Co: J
C Bauer <fc Co; H Dntard; Chas Harley «t Co; Krui
A Zimmerman; Jackson Brewery.
Per Umatilla— Cahn, Nickelsburg & Co; Pacific
Ammonia and Chemical Works: L D Stone & Co;
Sherwood <fc Sherwood : Buckingham, Hecht A Co;
Sherman, Clay & Co: Murphy, Grant «fcCo; Weiupp
Bros- W Cohen; Hirsch «fc Co; Tatum & Bowen -.
.-achs Bros; P Berwin <fc Bros: JLRoe; Fred
Barry <tCo: American Tobacco Co; Holcombe
Bros: BisslngerA. Co: Amer Press Assn: Pacific
Coast Steamship Co: C E Whitney & Co; Harrison
<fc Dickinson; Btftuffer4 Co; M A Wertheim<r;
Pioneer Reel Paper Co: W G Richardson; A Bob;
Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Cerf, SchlossAco:
Cal A Nev Creamery Co; D B Hansen: E C Dailey:
J C Bauer <S Co: Pacific Bone and Fertilizing Co;
Paul Relger&Co: Eberhardt Tinning Co: n \v
Howanl: Allen <fc Lewis: C J Leist & Co; KitUe &
Co; C Nathan; E L Everett *Co: H W HiggLns .t
Co; J L O'Neil; Moore, Ferguson AC'o: Wm Ben
nett <fc Son: W «fc J Boyd: Schilling A Co: C P Mar
wedei; Redington <t Co; Chas Harley <fc Co : W P
Wheeler; X l'ausen & Co: Smith's Cash Store: O <»
yon Galen: Chas Harley & Co: American Blscoil
Co; California Saw Works: Baker <fc Hamilton: D
Appleton: American Union Fish Co: Theodore
i'lsher; Qetz Bros <fc Co; Goodall, Perkins A Co. X
Stanley; Wells, Fargo <fc Co; Lane <fc Connelly ; .1
Hacgerty; A Pallies: Friedman A Rogers: Italian
Swiss Colony: Bank of British North America
Gardiner <fc i'hornlev.
Per Eureka— Brlgham.Hopp* *|Co; A Caseiip;
C X Whitney A Co: Dairymen's Union; Hills Brov
Dodge, Sweeney & Co : Uetz Bros cfc Co; Fred Un
ban; Hilmer. Bredhoff A schulz;H N TUden <fc I ' ,
Wleland Brewing Co; Marshall, Teggart A Co; M J
Slffers; H Klrcbmann A Co; Western Meat Co: X
Cri&Co; Cal Bottling Co: Enterprise Brewery
American Union Fish Co: J Ivancovlch * 1 «■, J H
Cain A Co; Kowalsky A Co; Langley A Mil naels
O B Smith A Co: Wbeaton, Breon A Co; H Dutarri ■
G Camilloni <fe Co: San Francisco Fish Co; Wm
Cline: Pacific Coast Fish Co: Norton, Teller A Co;
De Bernardi A Co: Brown Bros A Co: F B Haigh: :
Alfred Wyss: Bavaria Brewery, Witiel A Baker:
Gould ifejaudln: Gray A Barbieri; Allen A Lewis:
Dalton Bros; G G Wickson A Co; S Brunswick: .1
M Moore: M Ehrman A Co; L Benussl: WelsterA
Co; SP Milling Co; McDonough A Runyon: JW
Swain; G W Stafford A Co; Nolan & Co; Warn-r
A Maddox: D E Allison A Co; BE Leporl; C A
Parkin; E R Stevens A Co; Standard OU Oo: J 3
Jackson: Goodyear Rubber Co: Wetmore Bros; A
Levy A Co; M £hrman ACo; Labor Exchange;
Wm Llchtenberg.
OCZAJV STEAMSHIPS!
ASTOBIA AIIPORMtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails. May 33 and June X
Columbia sails Hay 18 and 31
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
«SOODA_LL» PERKINS A CO, Gent Bnpts.
V. ¥. CON K OR, General Ageat,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC coast steamship compact
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class dB.OO
Second Class OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS* CO.,
Geue.ra! Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COfIPAI!
STEAMERS WILL sSAIL FROM A<a
Broadway wharf, Saa Francisco, as mßFtt
follows:
e» For Mary Island. Lorin?. WrangeU Juneau. Kll-
llsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., May 14.
29, June 3, 13, 18. 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Tow*
•end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 0 *. v
May 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. -.'9. and every" fifth
cay thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
tb» C. P. R. R. at Tacoma with N. P. R. R_
st Seattle with Q. X. Ky , a* Port Townsend witS
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold t Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it. May 1, 5 9
13. 17. 21. 25. "29. and every fourth day thereafter'
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Mai
3, 7. 11. 15, 19, 23. 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. '
For San mem, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Ixn
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. It. May 1. 5. 9. 13, 17, 21, 26. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Lai
Fax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), itc Orizaba,
10 a. it., June 1, 87, &lc 25th of each month there-
after.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALI* PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*,
10 Market at. San Francises.
ACEANICS.S. CO. O days to
HAWAII. S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, &•*. HONOLULU
| H NEW ZEALAND, rl »>■
\J? AUSTRALIA. \/5.3. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND forSYDNJSy, Thursday, May 3™
Line to*COOLG Anat., and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, June 1 6, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
J. D. SPRECKELB A BROS. CO., Agt«.,
114 Montgomery at,
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco. .
COMPAGME GENERAL TRASSATLASTIQDB
Frencli Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH JUjn
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■<CTfltl>
this line avoid both transit by English railway in
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yors; to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pari*
first-Class $160: second-class, *11U.
LA TOURAINE. CapU Bantelll....May 23. 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 123, 8 a.m.
LA GASCOUNE ....Jni c 20, 7 A. M.
LA NonHANDIK...... July 4, 6 a. If.
LA GASOOGNE July 25. 11 a. M.
LA NORMANDIE August 1, 5 a. x.
LA ROX'RGOONE, Capt. Leboeut .June 8, 7 a. ii.
MS" for farther particulars apply to •
_ _ _ A. FORGET, Agent.
»^,« N<^ S Bo«-; * oreen, New York.
,^n^,lL O #gnct.cS°-' *«"*» ft *******
<^»i%_K HAMBURG-AMERICA! LKE
SBHBSBSI TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
*■ '"■i ■ iWWtm!ST a ' Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris <fc Hamburg
Columbia. June 4 I A. Victoria. June 18
Normannla June 11 |F. Bismarck. June 25
I. Cub., $95 and upward; 11. Cab., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4*2 h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, SiA h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. \., or to KAHN & HER-
ZOG, Agents. 401 California st.. San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEA|JAGKGT COMPEL
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >aflL
r fortnightly for the West Indies and <Sflflß
Southampton, culling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
racltic Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195; third
class, $97 SO. For further particulars apply to
FARROTT A CO., Agents,
30« California »U
WHITE JSTAR LWB. :
United States and Royal Hall Steaoen
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVERY WEEK. '
CABIN, (60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- r, f
ins to steamer anil accommodations attflßl
eelectetl; second cabin, $36 and «40: Maie«icTna
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England Iri
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway end Denmark
through to sau Francisco at lowest rateV Tfckni!
d RY?pScPfi C n MaT« S.
C ° mP cf°w e F Ii&H A
; General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M.. Daily.
jf. Sumiayat 7 P. M.
as- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
SXEAMEKs:
T. C. Walker, j. d Peter*
Mary Garratt, City 'of Stockton.
1 elephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FALLEJO, MIRE ISLAND. # BE«CIA, POUT
10STA .MD CROCKETT.
STR. MONTI CELLO.
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. at. 1
and 4F.M. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. St., 3:30 T. Ml I
•4,.M.0n1y. SUDday - -
landing, ll i,,iuu 1, FUr a. /REFUSED FIFTY
DOLLARS A MONTH,
Haywards Electric Road
Cuts the Salary of Its
Attorney.
STRONG COMBINE ENDS.
Reed and Nusbaumer Refuse to
Accept One-Halt of Their
Former Fee.
YEARS OF WOBX IGNORED.
The Attorneys Were Anticipating an
Increase on Account of Faith
ful Service.
Oakland Office San Frawcisco Cali,,)
908 Broadway, May 25. (
One ol the strongest combinations in
Alameda County has been broken, and
politicians and lawyers are wondering
what the next development will be.
Because the directors of the Haywards
Electric road have reduced their salaries
one-half, Georee Reed and Emile Nus
baumer, one of the strongest politico-legal
combinations in the county, have severed
ail connection with the corporation and
are now looting for a chance to openly
fight it.
Nothing that has happened on Broad
way for a long time has aroused more
general interest than this split in the
ranks. The simplo appellation of at
torneys for the company does not repre
sent by any means the relationship of
Reed and Kusbaumer toward the electric
road. The relationships of the attorneys
with the Supervisors and with the City
Council and boards of trustees has been
far more prominent than their actual legal
work, and in reality they have been the
politicians for the company as well as the
attorneys.
A few weeks ago, during the riots at
San Leandro, when Egbert Stone was ar
rested and when the outlook for the com
pany was very blue, George Reed posted
in haste to that town and did a great deal
of active work. He exposed himself to
tome personal risk. He said the amount
of work and worry of that job alone was
worth a thousand dollars.
The firm has boen the attorney for the
road since it first started, and during all
these years the salary paid was f 100 per
month. This was kept up till a few days
aj:o, aud owing to the increase of the
legal business of the company their at
torneys are considering the advisability
Of demanding $200 for their services.
Since the advent of Assessor Dalton the
assessments of the company have made j
necessary many fights for reductions. At i
different times the attorneys have super- |
intended two bond issues amounting
to $500,000, and it is said that the usual
commission for so doing should be $5000.
All that they have received from the com
rany for four years and a half of sorvice is
$5400.
The thunder-clap fell when the firm re
ceived notice that the corporation had de
cided to reduce their salaries to $50 per
month. Reed & Nusbaumer thought that
the announcement was preliminary to a
joke, but they were aisappointed. They
discovered that the directors were in ear
nest and that $50 a month was all the sal
ary for the corporation's attorney would
be in the future.
The next day the strong combination
was broken, and George Reed and Emil
Kusbaumer were not the legal and politi
cal representatives of the company.
Curiosity as to the cause of the breach
has been great, but it wa3 not till to-day
that the secret was out.
The officers of the company declare that
the amount of work required by the cor
poration does not merit the payment of
more than $50 per month, and that as it is
a cold business proposition they cannot
pay more. The successor to Reed &
Nusbaumer it Sam Bell McKee.
Emil Nusbaumer was asked to-day
about the affair, but he merely remarked,
"Well, we've done with corporations now. I
Taere is nothing in supplying brains for
•Euch bodies."
BURGLARS CAUGHT.
Gave the Marshal and Posse an Kxcit-
ing Footrace.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— Town Mar
sha! Giesenhoffer of San Leandro brought
John Martin and Edward Kellcy to the
County Jail to-day and locked them ap on
a charge of burglary. One was captured
by the Marshal and bis posse after an ex
citing footrace and the other by Town
Trustee Cary after a similar experience.
The fellows forced an entrance last night
into the residence of Miss Nellie Byrne,
who resides next to Town Trustee Cary'
•while the lady wa3 at church. When she
returned and found the burglars at work
she*quickly pave the alarm, to which Mr.
Cary and his man responded. Tney made
for the first man who emerged from the
building, but ran him half a mile before
he was brought to bay. He resisied, but
being so nearly wirnlea, and only one
against two, was soon overpowered.*
The other fellow was followed by Mar-
Bhal Giesenhoffer. They excited the neigh
borhood, and a number of citizens joined
in the chase, which finally resulted in the
fellow being surrounded. He, too, at
tempted to resist, but was speedily over
powered. Their kit was found on them,
and they were locted up for the night and
brought to a safer place to-day.
HIS BODY RECOVERED.
Bemaing of Peter Xelgon, Drowned With
S. U. yon Hchmidt. Washed Ashore.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— The body of
Peter Nelson, the sailor drowned with 8.
H. yon Schmidt a week ago wnile sailing
on the estuary, was recovered this morn
ing at the Peralta freight slip by Thomas
Stewart of 604 Valdez street.
Owing to the time the body was in the
water it was impossible to recognize the
features, but it could be seen the remains
were those of a young man. On his person
was found a silver watch, but no papers by
which he could be positively identified.
Deputy Coroner Ivellen took tne watch to
Ban Francisco to one of Nelson's friends,
who identified the timepiece as one carried
by the dead sailor.
WILL BE SOLD OUT.
Anslguee Xorth Granted Permission to
Close Fortiu's Business.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— Judge Og
den granted Assignee J. J. North permis
sion to sell the property of the Fortin-
Buck Company, which has gone into in
Adding a New Section to the High Fence That Excludes AH of Miss Davis'
Daylight.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
solvency. As the property includes horses ,
wago ns, cans, sand and other material it
was d ecided best to let it be disposed of at
private sale to parties really needing such,
as it w onld realize a much better price.
Declaration of Principles.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— The Young
Men's Republican Club of Brooklyn
Township have issued a declaration of
principles in which they declare against
mossback politician? ami political trick
ster? crowding young men off the stage of
public action, oppose the working or
public employes for electioneering pur
poses, opposing the granting of more
power to "the Supervisors or Sanitary
Boards, forming of combines to force
prices up on wage-workers, favoring the
restriction of immigration and the free j
coinace of silver and the election of Presi
dent, Vice-President and Senators by a
direct vote of the pi ople.
Republican Alliance.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— The follow
ing circular has been issued by President j
Victor H. Metealf and Harry P. Carlton, '
secretary :
The National Republican Convention is near
at hand. Tho alliance should bo organized
and in position to ratify the nominations of
our National Convention.
A meetinc, therefore, is called for Wednes
day, May '_'7, at 8 v m. sharp, at the Masonic
Temple, corner Washington and Twelfth
streets, for the purpose of electing officers
and organizing for the comintr Presidential
campaign. A lull attendance is requested.
Catholic Schools.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— The closing
exercises at St. Joseph Academy will occur
Thursday at 1:30 p. m.
The exercises at the Convent of the
Sacred Heart will be held Thursday at 2
P. M.
The commencement exercises of St. I
Mary's College will be held at the Mac- j
donough Theater Friday evenine.
Skull Fractured.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— While driv- j
ing across the railroad near Stockton yes
terday afternoon Michael Asbaniz-n had !
his fractured, which resulted in his
death. He was a former resident of this
city and a member of the local Foresters.
THE EDITORS OF ÆGIS.
They Issue the Largest Academic
Paper That Has Been
Published.
Uncomplimentary Reference to Pupils
of the Lowell High
School.
Oaklahs OFFirE Sax Fra^cipco Call )
808 Broadway, May 25. f
Since the winning of the preat debating
contest with the Lowell High School of
San Francisco the pupils of the Oakland
I High School have been fired with ambi
tion along literary lines. The -Egis, the
organ of the school, has never been dull,
but the editorial stuff recently conceived
the idea of getting out the greatest aca
demic magazine on earth. They claim to
have succeeded.
The midsummer effort of tho JEzi* staff
is said to be the biggest paper of its kind
ever issued. The artists and editors Lave
followed the usual lines in getting out
I snch magazines and the amateur josher
j has been allowed full play for his talent,
and he has take n advantage of it.
| There is. however, nothing in the maga
zine that will call down the wrath of the
j faculty, as a marked degree of respect has
been shown for their school by the editors,
I and no opportunity has been "lost to show
| up their beautiful building wherever pos-
Ihe Lowell High School comes in for
: very harsh treatment and it is very evi
uent that the artist has drawn more on
imagination than on fact. Inasmuch as
the Lowe] .debaters cannot debate in the !
I school building on accoantof its inferiority :
j to the new Oakland school, the artist has
provided a debatiug-room on the adjoin- :
*°5 h , - , The Berkeley athlete, the high
school bloomer girl , and a well-known
member of the school who said the last
baseball game was not worth the nickel
paid for admission are not passed by
The staff is as follows: Editor, Joseph
J. liosborough; first associate editor,
aik y , A i eder * ; i? ond associate editor,
• Albert Shuey; third associate editor, Miss
\V. Warner; fourth associate editor, Miss
Ah ?y? y p W; « rtlst ?,' Jack D - Hoffmann
Tpw,- i R £ y Bam "; business manager, I
Irwin ♦ J pMuma-;p Muma - ; Dreside of company
Ernest Page; Vice-president, Koy S. Me-
Uymonds: secretary, George Sherman; I
treasurer, William Dawson ; assistant busil
(I 6 w m r nagers> Robert Nicholls and Tracy [
; ii. Williams. •-.'.•>• •:
Linden-Street Opening.
thiv^r?' CAI -.May2s._ The case of
the .Pacific Iron and Nail Works against
litl!,l i tl !, City Of Oakland was argued before
Judge Ellsworth to-day by attorneys rep
resenting the Southern Pacific, the city
and the nail works. The suit involves the
constitutionality of the act under which the
Board of Public Works sit as Street-open
ing Commissioners. The court took the
matter under advisement.
N*ew School Trustee.
GOLDEN GATE, Cal., May 25.— The
matter for election of school trustee has
begun to attract the attention of the citi
zens of Golden Gate. On next Wednesday
evening a mass-meeting of citizens will be
held for the purpose of puttinc up a can
didate. J. H. Rourke, the incument, is
mentioned as a candidate for the position.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
SUFFRAGISTS IN HARNESS
West Berkeley Republicans Will
Give Them a Big
Bonfire.
Serious Runaway Accident-M. Corri
gan and Wife Thrown From a
Cart— News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 25. -The Citi
zens' Suffrage Society of Berkeley held a
well-attended meeting this afternoon at
Stiles Hall. Mrs, Geor R e W. Haight, pres
ident of the local society, read a paper pre
pare 1 by Clara Berwick Colby in which the
cause of suffrage was supported by refer
ences and copious quotations froni many
Senators, Governors and Congressmen
favoring the movement to give women
equal franchise with mon. Mrs. Carlisle
and Mrs. Banks delivered addresses ap
propriate to the occasion. A feature of
the meeting was the singing of a number
of campaign songs.
It was announced that the West Berke
ley Republican Club would hold a mass
meeting and bonfire in the near future at
which the members of the Suffrage Soci
ety are to be the invited guests.
In Behalf of Ancient Israel.
BERKELEY.CaI., May2s.— On Wednes
day night, May L' 7, Rev. Hermann Warsza
wiak of New York City, superintendent
of Christian missions to the Jews, will
preach in the First Presbyterian Church
of Berkeley, corner of Ellsworth street and
Allston way. Rev. Mr. Warszawiak cornea
with the indorsement of such distin
puished men as Drs. John Hall and D. J.
Burrell of New York City.
X.-v. Alexander Patterson of Chicago is
assisting Rev. Dr. Ketchurn in special ser
vices, which are being held prior to the
next quarterly communion of the church,
to be held on June 7.
Ktinau.iv Accident.
BERKELEY, r.u,., May 25.— M. Corri
gasi and wife while out driving this after
noon on Shattuck avenue Lad a narrow es
cape from death by being thrown from
their cart. The horse became frig!:'
at the raising of a parasol by Mrs. Corri
gan and ran into the iron fence in front of
the Shattuok residence, thus throwing the
occupants of the vehicle violently to the '
sidewalk. Both Corri^an and his wife j
were considerably bruisfl by their fall,
but sustained no serious injuries.
La Costa Fellowship.
BERKELEY, Cal., May Js.— The Le
Conte fellowship for the year 1896-97 has
been granted by the committee in charge I
to Fred Cottrell "98, who completed the
regular collegiate course in three years.
F. W r . Bancroft ':♦!. holder of the Le
Conte fellowship in biology for 1895-9<i, has
accepted an instructorship in biology at
Harvard. He will also take post-graduate
there leading up to the doctor's de
gree.
Deaf, but a Preacher.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 25.— Rev. Job
Turner of Staunton, Va., a deaf mute I
clergyman of the Episcopal church, con- I
ducted a service and preached a sermon in i
sign laiißiiaee iast evening at St. Mark's
Church on Bancroft Way, and about thirty
of the older and more advanced pupils of
tuo >u\te Institute for the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind were present.
Died From Natural Causes.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 25.— The Coro
ner's jury in the case of Mrs. Victoria S.
Darche, who died without the attendance
of a physician last Saturday night, re
turned a verdict this afternoon of death
from natural causes, pleuro-pneumoni*
having been the disease.
Changed Their Name.
LORIN, Cal., May 25.— The Lorin Junior
Athletic Club has changed its name to the
Orion Club, and has elected officers for
the next three months, as follows: Presi
dent, Harry Irwin; secretary, Will Wright;
treasurer, George Dondero.
Schools to Clone.
GOLDEN GATE, Cal., May 25.— The pub
lic schools of Golden Gate will close for the
summer vacation next Thursday. Exten
sive preparations are being made for their
closing exercises.
ZIMMERMAN ON TRIAL
The Alleged Stamp Swindling Case Now
Being Heard in the United States
District Court.
The case of the Government against
Frank Wooge, alias George M. Zimmer
man, alias Frank Koenig, charged witu
using the mails for fraudulent purposes,
came up In the District Court yest erday
for trial. The Government presented its
evidence, Rfter which Zimmerman's attor
ney made the usual formal request for a
dismissal of the charge. Judge Morro w
denied the motion, ordering that the hear
ing proceed. The defense will make out
its case to-day.
Wooge, or Zimmerman, was arrested
some weeks ago on a charge of using the
mails for fraudulent purposes. While a
resident of Oregon and later of Siskiyou
County, he wrote to the various large
stampdealers throughout the country for
approval lists. Instead of remitting for
such stamps as he professed to desire and
returning the balance, he would keep the
entire lot and later dispose of them to
other dealers. He was conducting quite
an extensive business in this line when ar
rested.
The first systematic instruction on scien
tific principles for the deaf was begun by
Bonet at Madrid in 16J0.
WAR OF FENCES
IN WEST OAKLAND,
No Daylight Can Reach
the Home of the
Davises.
ON THE AGGRESSIVE.
Six Feet Was Added to the
Immense Dead Wall Last
Night.
OVER THE SECOND STORY.
A Feud That Shows Itself in Car
penter Work and Redwood
Lumber.
Oaklakd Office Saw Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, May 25. f
Eix feet was added to. the Troy fence to
day in West Oakland, and an extra police
officer has been detailed to preserve the
peace in that neighborhood.
For six years the Troys and the Davises
have been building fences at Eighth and
Kirkham street*. The two families have
lived on adjoining lots all that time, but
the relationship has not been always as
strained as it in to-day.
In the beginning the fence was a very
modest affair about six feet in height.
That was sufticient to prevent the two
families from seeing each other out of the
kitchen windows, but it did not prevent
them from looking over with the aid of a
chair, so the Troys built a fence several
feet higher than that of the Daviset-.
Davis went one better, and carried his
fence up till it was fifteen feet high. This
effectually stopped hostilities between the
first story of the two houses.
After that the war began from the sec
ond story and was quite lively. It was
decided to carry up the wall till it blocked
out the possibility of looking into each
other's upper windows. Troy added a few
more feet until it would bo impossible for
one family to annoy the other, except they
got up ou the rooF. Finally the matter
was taken into the Police Court, and the
two lai!ie3 admitted so much that Judf;e
Wood decided that neither had a case, a3
each confessed to some striking and hair
pulling, and threw the case out of court.
"I don't intend to be driven away by the
Troys," said Mrs. Davis, •'although her
fence makes it impossible for me to rent
my lower flat"
"If I could get the full value for my
house," said Mrs. Davis, "I would go to
the ends ot the earth to get out of the
ranjre of that woman's voice."
The Troy boys recently discovered that
the Davises could look around the end o^"
the fence and get a glimpse of the Troy
place. This was a situation that could
not be tolerated for a moment, and to
day a big addition was made to the front
of the fence. The Davises took no active
means to resent it, but were contented to
make grimaces at the fence-builders. The
Troys declare that they will isolate them
selves from the Davises if they have to
build a fence as high as the "Tower of
Babel.
At present the Troy fence runs up above
the second story of the Davis residence
at a distance of about one foot. This prac
tically roba the half of the Davis house of
any daylight.
ALAMEDA TRUSTEES.
Postoffloe Business Increasing— Prepara
tions Made for School Picnic
to Laundry Farm.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 2s.— At the regu
lar meeting of the City Trustees Urn even
ing accounts to the amount of $522 were
passed for payment. The sum of i/750 was
transferred from the general fund to the
electric-light fund.
An ordinance introduced providing that
"no person shall expectorate on the floor
o! any public conveyance or any public
building in Alameda" was laid over at the
request of Trustee Hammond ; as was the
ordinance compelling the use of bells on
bicycles in the city.
The chief of the fire department was
granted leave of absence for fifteen days
from next Wednesday, and Henry Muller
was appointed to act in his stead.
The Southern Pacific Company wrote
asking for a copy of the ordinance affect
ing the stationing of a llagman at the cor
ner of Park street and Encinal avenue.
Dutlier Fillmore attemled the meeting and
suggested the substitution of a bell in
stead of a flagman. It was agreed to try
the bell, to ring at a distance of 500 feet
from the crossing, and if it 13 not satisfac
tory to put a flagman there.
The clerk was instructed to advertise for
100 long tons of coal for the Electric Light
Works.
A. L. Fisher applied for payment on ac
count of the electrical apparatus and
boilers. Seven thousand five hundred dol
lars was transferred from the general fund
to the electric light fund and payment of
that sum ordered to be made.
Opening of Laundry Farm Klectrle Road.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 25.— The Cali
fornia Railway Company will open its new
electric line to Laundry Farm on June 1
and to popularize its road and picnic
grounds it has. with the consent of the
Board of Education, decided to give a
picnic to the teachers and pupils of the
Alameda public schools. This afternoon
the various committeeß from the schools
met in the Council chamber to shadow
forth the games and other enjoyments to
be provided for their schoolmates.
Alameda Pogtotnce.
ALAMEDA, Cal., MaypS.-The increase
in the volume of business transacted at
the Alameda Postoilice has been such that
on and after July 1 it will be recognized by
the Postoffke Department as a $2500 per
annum office. There are now eight let'er
carriers connected with the ofiice three
stamp agencies and a aub-station' ut F
Volberg's drugstore, Webster street.
THE FAMILY ILL.
Steward Young Believes Drugs Were
' Put In the Water.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— P. p. Young,
who claims he is the "Steward of the
Lord," charges his enemies with putting
poison in the water of which he and his
family had to partake.
■ In speaking of the matter to-day, he said :
"I don't suppose I ought to tell you this,
for we are not yet certain how it was done,
but all of us experienced the most strange
nausea. I firmly believe the water was
poisoned; I think the Whitecapa did it.
You see I was very nervous yesterday
anyway, but when my family became so
much worse than I was I commenced to
think something was wrong. Later, when
we were taken even worse, 1 was convinced
thai an attempt had been made to poison
us. "We stopped using the water imme
diately, and then felt somewhat better. I
don't know what may come of this yet."
At th« Macdonongb,
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.— There will
be an unusual rush this morning at the
Macdonough Theater box-office when the
subscription sale of seats commences for
the engagement of Ada Kenan and Daly's
company. Parties desiring to reserve
seats can do -so commencing at 9A. M. to
day, and every day this week up to 9 p. M.
next Saturday. The regular sale of tickets
begins Tuesday, June 2.
■ Miss Kenan" .will appear at the Mac
donough for one night, June 9, and "The
School for Scandal," with Miss Rchan as
Lady Teazle, will be the bill. ;
The comedian, Eddie *Foy, in "The
Strange Adventures of Miss Brown," will
come to the Macdonough next Monday
for one night. Prices will be 25 cents to $1
for Foy. Seats ,on sale next Thursday.
• ♦ — ■ •
NEED MALE TEACHERS.
Discussion Regarding Pnblio Schools
by the Board of Educa
tion.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25. — Ambrose
Mejahan, secretary of the Educational
Publication Company of this city, Delie^es
there should be more men teachers in the
public schools, and gives his views in the
following interesting statement:
A letter which is now before a committee of
the San Francisco Board of Education for con
sideration calls attention to the numerous
victims of suspension from the public schools
of that City and suggests that the prime cause
of many of these suspensions may be found in
the injustice done the thousands of the older
pupils, and especially the boys, who are un
wisely deprived of their just rights to the ben
efits of male teachers. And the letter under
consideration goes on to say that about the
only excuse for this unwise policy of the board
in employing female teachers to the exclusion
of male teachers seems to be In order to pro
vide an "army of accomplished and lovable
girls and women with positions in the school
department."
Whether or not this committee of investiga
tion finds that suspensions from the San Fran
cisro schools ure, in many cases, chargeable to
the fact tnnt pupils are under the guidance
solely of female teachers, this practice of em
ploying such an overwhelming preponderance
of female talent, in City school departments
especially, is one that is attracting a great deal
of opposition.
In perhaps no other city of the United States
are the children so completely deprived of the
benefits of male teachers as In the city of Oak
land, where practically all the punils in the
public schools are In charge of female teachers.
That this is a mistake no one who under
stands anything about education will deny.
That the very essence of education is the for
mation of character, and that the intangible
something which we call the personality— the
individuality of the teacher— is the subtle
force, power or influence which is a leading
formative agency in this work of charater
building all will admit.
And yot the educational system of our city
is based practicnily on the principle that the
child n-n of Oakland shall b? brought up under
the influence of feminine traits of character.
Tin re- in an ignoring of the fact that the full
development of a child's nature demands that
it be brought under both male and female in
fluences. The manhood of a man appeals to
the boy and prompts him in a way which we
cannot wholly comprehend nor define; and
there is something in the character of a man
which lias a tremendous influence on the in
tellectual life of the girl.
There is no denying the truth of the claim
that both male and lemnlc teachers are needed
for the proper education of both boys aud
girls— leading educators the world over so as
«ert. A great wrong is committed when the
boys and girls of a community are obliged to
complete their school course without having
been instructed by a male teacher. And yec
t!ii> i.s what is being done in the city of Oak
land, wiiere only the favored few who attend
the High School have the beneiits of male in
structors.
The addition oi a score or more of eflicient
male teachers to the t'.'achinj^ force of this city
would be an inestimab.e blessing to tne chil
dren in our prammar school.*, and would un
doubtedly work some surprising changes in
tne census statistics, especially as to the great
number of children of school'age who do not
attend any school. To say this is no disparage
ment of the good work thßt is being done by
the women teachers of the city, many of whom
>l" \v i| ecia] pedagogical ability. The point at
issue is the kind of instruction that is essential
to the perfect development of the child, and
nature teaches and experience shows that the
Oakland plan produces one-sided results.
TRUANT CHILDREN.
Superintendent Babcock Tells the
Woman's Federation How Many
There Are.
At the meeting of the Federation of
Women, held yesterday afternoon, a let
ter from Superintendent Babcock was read,
commending the work of trio federation in
trying to nutke truant children attend
school. The letter stated that the number
of children between 5 and 7 years of age,
not attending school, according to the
latest, census, is 16,'J67, though it is possi
ble that a small portion attend some pri
vate school, and between the ages of 5 and
6 they are not eligible for attendance at
public schools.
It was resolved that the federation agi
tate the appointment of a temperance
lecturer for public schools, as two years
have passed since Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster
gave her lectures, and all the pledges
again3t drinking and smoking macfe by
the children nt that time have expired.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E R Roekwood, .os Ang A W Plumaner, Colusa
E EC Holbrootc, Hollister A M Crocker. Portland
.1 G Carroll. Portland U \V Lawrence, Portlnd
H Thompson, Salem, Or Wm Ford, Portland
Hr L s skiff. Salem, Or )>r Thornton, Portland
Mrs Hark ness, Hollister J W Ontman, Reno
Mrs B 1' Burton, Wis Miss Bonon, Wis
.1 Ii mills, Sacramento A Towle, Sacramento
.1 spar.lding. Auburn AT Foreman, Stockton
M (Hinder, Cal C. W Roadhouse, Salinas
C W Fersnsnn. Seattle <teo W Brown, Seattle
UeoW Hirsch.Watsnvlle II B Markle, Fort Bragg
A Brett. Fort Bragg Clara X Cummings,
A C Cnruthers, Denver Wpilpsley. Mo
II W I'/Uton, Los Ane J H Wulnndge, Los Ang
W X Dekkerof, Omaha Mrs V Wilder, s.icio
G I' Hulmuth, Callahan W Pond. Portland
c Wilson, Los Angeles .1 O Baldwin, Fulton
W H Hopkins. Cincinnati W It Franz.'ii, Milwaukee
Dr A E Osborue. Kldridge s >i Rice <fe w, Pan Jose
G W Crystal, Vacaville; I) B Morrow, Dcs Moines
C C Crystal, Vacaville M lss M c Wade. st Helna
Mrs (J D Bnbcock, N Miss B Cbllds, X Hart-
II art ford ford
.Ml tee, Stockton \V \ cofHn, Los Angeles
Jk" hirsancus, Willows W J Ricbards, El Dorado
RUSB n(H^K.
John Johnson, Key City 11 Cooler, Nevada City
C Hcndenhaw, NevCHy S»m Wolf, Nevada City
.1 B Bashelden, San Crnz A B Balant, Berkeley
Al Wnihiugtire, Oakland J H Et-eson. Petaluma
Cl rebbs. Pmalnma A 1, Richards, Orayaon
(, \V MiMiisell, Hn Rafael R O'Xeei, N V
I. O'Xeal. N V Mr Wriclit, Los Banos
(i X Wink it w. Li\ Miss L \\ Ink. I,n
X H Simnionian<K w, Cal J Mend. Healdsburn
sr Miller, Portland (I Sandstone. Portland
H J Bovop, Gridley W B Cowls. Little Rock
Miss W Comba, Ark CA Perkins, Lftile Kock
J .1 ul. us. Point Arena 8 L Daniels, Pt Arena
C M Tax >v w, sta Rosa Wll Collins, Han Jose
<} Kabb?, La J H Todd. Oakland
W A Hudson. Wash A B Enscls, Yallejo
A A I'ost, N V I 1? Smith. Xew Jersey
■\V Hnhle. La J S Shoy, Hanford
c .1 Ki'-hard.s, Oeorjetwn C C Ward. Oroville
I, l)ow, P«-t:iluma W t-" Torrey, Hanford
T X Jones, Wis G Bonner A w, Cal
T !■' Vun Hyke, Cal X O'Neil, Ssn Jose
]■ I, Colby, Mich I .Terry & w, Antioch
AII Barnhisel, San Jos»> W Halilrich, Mereed
palace ii oik r,.
Miss Smith, Nevada S PiaKuey, Denver
.Mi^s stow, Xevada R •' Kirk wood. Mtn View
H Pbillipa, Providence T Hopkins, Menlo }'ark
I. - Nold. Scliei'iM-tady 0 R Young, Sail Lnlco
E Krmeler, Berlin J A Spargo, S Dako:a
s B MrlA'in, KT«w York X J Mc(innucy, S V
s I'.os nsteln. New York J Smouton Jt \vf, N V
A D Simpson, Xew york J (iaiesple, Xew York
TII Coyne, New York J AlielliK: w, \V Va
P W Palmer. Chicago H C Xash, .Stan'ord
Mrs C HWt Seranton TGSoUlvan, New York
FClarfc A wf. Is Angles Sir H Ix-rins, Mexico
Lady Derlng. Mexico A V >ioliun, V s N
Mrs ODtnacEo. Mexico W Allerdice, ÜBN
B Knight it wt, Boston J X Hiirk. San Jose
V oicovic'i, s:;iiif(ird Dr H Meister. Oermany
Mrs RosmiM ru', Hoillster Or X l'schorr, Germany
1" Y.-rplanok, Xew York C Hebartl A wf, Oermany
A Cone, Xew York F Seixas, New York
LICK HOUSE.
R A Redman, Los Angls tv J Hillman, Cal
( B Gardner, Cal John M Lane, Cal
Miss Lt Han Lane, Cal G Buckingham, Cal
Ml is M Buckingham.Cal M Q Richie Aw. Onkvllle
I) Klchle & w. lluUierfrd E H Fox. Chicago
Mrs A Mitchell A f. Mich Francis St J I'o.x, Mont
.1 H Winship. San Diego W HusseyAw.MtHamltn
O X IVrter, Cal R J Thomas, Nevada C
J X Mi o ly. Trnckee X B Dana, Xew York
W .1 McDonald, Chicago H J Price, Los Angeles
M Family, s-acramento W P Hammatt. N V
CXatha n* Santa Cruz 0 C Thompson. Stockton
B Xugeut, Sun l.eandro W J Preston, Xiles
Byron Bund, Benlcia
BALDWIN HOTKL.
W B Rankin, LOi Uatos B Asplnall, N V
JC Foy <t w, N V Miss niusmore, N V
J X Sullivan, X V C D McCaull, W V
C Taylor Manco, NY P Kirby, Cal
X S Josleyn, Woodland G Norman. Xl Paso
\V Bruckle &w, S Jose A Gleason, Pusndena
Mrs Meyers, Baltimore Mrs L Kullaver, X V
MrsC Rog rs, Haker City J H Longwell A w. Or
J A Pease. Dela Mrs J Haii, Oakland
MnJS Peas*. Dela X Clayton A w. Pa
J C Wilson, South Bend it B Prinze, San Rafael
C S Cram r. Pa W A Boyler. St Louis
J M Burns, Oceanvllle F Smith, ua-an ville
H A .Jon s. Scat He R Lemon, Portland
H U IMUou, Portland
Auction Sales
CIIAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
_ , Salesrooms— 1135 Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saledays,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday * May 26( 18 6
-■. ™- _At 10 o'cloce a. m.. at salesroom.
1135 MAKKET ST.. bet. 7th and Btn,
;■"■"; •*► W X I I.L SELL....
Elegant line of Furniture; Carpets: 1 Upright
Piano; Stove, Ranges. Paintings, BeddinT.etc.
, CHAS. LEVY A CO.. Auctioneers,
CLOSISG.OUT SALE.
M. J. SIMMONS AUCTION CO.. INC.,
Salesroom, 1057 Market street, opp. Jones,
WILL SELL TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
May 26 and 27. at 10 o'clock sharp, on the
premises. 106 Turk street, by order of W. J.
Kogers, Esq., the large and selected stock of Hard-
ware, Glassware, Crockery, Granlteware and Kit-
chen Utensils contained in the above store, com-
prising In part: Large assortment of China and
Crockery. large assortment of Glassware, 200
Granif? Po;» (all sizes and styles), 50 Granite Ket-
tles and Coffee-pots, large assortment of new an.l
seconil-hand Tools and Hardware and in Iron and
Copper Pots, Baking Pans, 1-ry Pans, Boilers, Tubs
and Buckets, Bird Cages, Oil and tias Moves,
Lamps, Cuspidors. Mantel u rates ana Front), Fix-
tures, Counters, Showcase, 1 No. 7, nearly new
Cook Range with water back, and, in fact, every
article appertaining to a general variety stock.
H. 8. KOZMIMSKY, Auctioneer.
N. B.— The above will be sold in lots to suit pur-
chasers. Terms cash, and all bills payable on the
premises.
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art
419 KEAKNY ST.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday May 26, 1896.
AT 2 P. M.
•
More than 100 cases of new goods ex S. 8. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, Including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes. Kagu isatsuma.Awata,
Cloisonne, Btshue, Kochi, etc. etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladies dally
attending the sale at 2r. m. Chairs for the ladles.
F. T. KEELAR, Auctioneer.
ROYAL JUCTION.
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday May 27, 1896,
1148 Turk Street, Corner Buchanan.
Most Magnificent Parlor, Chamber and Dining-
room Furniture, Works of Art, etc.
This is the most elegant residence sold at auc-
tion this year.
FUANK W. BUTTEKFIELD, Auctioneer,
i 19 Montgomery street.
AUCTIOMALE !
Aw £»ft £?e 5*5
THURSDAY, MAY 28, AT 11 O'CLOCK,
AT
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.,
WE WILL SELL
50 Head of Broken and Unbroken Horses
From the J. D. ranch, Kevada. These are a fine
lot of all purpose horses and will positively be
sold without reserve or limi".
SULLIVAN * DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Office. 327 fixtli si.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in I
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Bam Frakcisco Call, )
908 Broadway, May 25. 1
The Grand Jury has visited the County Jail
and the City Prison, and adjourned until
Tuesday.
A suit has been brought by W. H. Crozer
against the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany for $1000 damages.
Yesterday tne thermometer rose to 70
degrees as its maximum heat, and to-day at
noon it was 80 degrees. At 3:30 it was 88
degrees.
It has been decided to adjourn the Institute
of Applied Christianity until the first week in
September, and no meeting will be held this
evening.
C. S. Kendall, who is employed as a deck
hand on the creek boat, had his Bhoulder dis
located last evening. He attempted to leap
from the boat to the landing and struck his
shoulder.
The "rational revival" meetings being held
by Rev. Edwards Davis under the auspices of
the Christian church will be continued at the j
Ashhury churcn, corner of Clay and Fifteenth |
streets, this week.
The Union Savings Bank has secured & writ
of assistance to have the Sheriff's aid in secur
ing possession of property at 1663 Sixteenth
street, belonging to Joseph and Catherine
Valuier, upon which a mortgage was recently
foreclosed.
The Young Men's Congressional District
Club held a preliminary meeting Saturday
evening, J. C. Martin acting as temporary
chairman. Another meeting will be held
Wednesday evening. It is the intention to
form a zouave branch of the club.
The Supervisors have been considering the
cost of feeding prisoners and the possibility of
making a saving. The rate of 23 cents
allowed Sheriff McKillican was cut to 20
cents when Sheriff White took office. This
provides two meals for regular prisoners and
three for trusties daily. The county receives
40 cents a day for Uuited States prisoners and
allows the Sheriff 20 cents. In other counties
the rates range from 50 cents down to 10
cents.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
It, ant! Clara Frfslaiier (by T. E. Ryan, commis
sioner), to Leopold Rosenshine, lot on W lino of
Polk street, 65 X of Foil, N 30 by W 100; $8105.
Murphy Esate Company to Henry M. Grant,
lot on \V line of Fillmore street, 60 Sof Green S
•Jsby W100: $10.
.Abraham M. Silversteln to Dora Sllversteln, lot
on s line of Washington street, 131:3 E of Baker,
25 by S 127:8 Vii $10.
Antoine Borel to James J. Beatty, re-record of
1464 d 183. on B line of Hayes street, 218:3 W of
Lott. W •J5 by s 137 :«: $10.
. Dormer, Bertha. Grace, William G., Richard N. I
and Eugene S. Walsh and Mary J. Kluney to !
Saruh 1.. Walsh, lot on If line of Elliot Park. 176 I
W of Stelner street, \V 22 by N 70, Hamilton I
square: $10. i .
M. Werthelmer, James W. and Margaret New- :
ben, by T. K. Ryan, commissioner, to Atlas Build- i
ing and Loan Association, lot on W line of Noe j
street, 130 X of Seventeenth, N 25 by W SO: i
$8000.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Herman Milling- j
hausen, lot on X line of Twenty-third street, 275 i
W of Douglass, \V 25 by X 114; $10.
Charles, Harry Ii , Ana C. and Louis A. White '<
and Etta Wood to Walter and Rose Watson, lot on '
12 line of Jones street. 125 X of Slitter. X 22:6, X
137:«. 8 57:6, W 68:9. X 45, \V 68:9; $10.
Henry X. Bunce to Jeannette W. Bunce, lot on 8 j
line of Sacramento street, 114:6 Eof Leavenworth, •
X '->:{ by S 87:6; gift.
Charles H. 'lower to William Selkirk, lot on SW
line of Lnngton street, 100 SE of Folsom, SE 25 by
80: $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Jonn B. Corcoran, i
lot on X line of T street, 57:6 Eof Forty-second i
avenue, E 25 br X 100; $10.
Stanford Addition Land Company to D. W. !
Crowley, lot 7, block 130, Sunnyside Addition No.
1: $10.
D. \V. Crowley to Mary C. Williams, same; j
$25.
Joseph and Pauline Scheerer to Pacific Coast ',
Savings Society, lots 33 and 34, Jones Addition to
Fairmount Tract: $1.»-
George U. Lawler and Johnson & Co. to Jennie
L. Johnson, lot 2, block 44, Excelsior Homestead '
Association: $1.
Louisa T. and Jennie L. Johnson (by William
I.ahinski, attorney) to William G. Loewe, lot on E i
8 »0 f b? dIIOJfVd 1 10JfVl t 0? et> IB ° SOf RUMta aVeDUe>
At.AItEDA COUNTY,
F. P. Stewart to Mary C. Stewart, lot on N line of
Eighth -street, 72:11 Eof Campbell, E 31 -8 v
81:1%, W 30, S 89:10-% to beginning, being 'lot
23. block 698. Oakland: gift. B
Paul Schlotzbauer to Catherine Schlotzbauer, lot
on W line of West street. 66:8 N of Twentieth N
33:4 by W 100, being: the .n 34:4 of lots 9to 12
block M, Curtis and Williams Tract, Oakland; also
lot on KB corner of Hopkins street and Boston av
enue. S 83:7 by E 180, being lots 33 and 34, block
E, Revised Map Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn
Township; gift.
Charles A. Fawcett to Cecele Fawcett. lot on NE
line of East Fifteenth street, 85 N*\V of Eighth i
avenue, XW 35 by XE 100. block 71, Clinton,
quitclaim deed, East Oakland: $5.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Charles
F. Reynolds, lot 172, plat 14. Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $325.
Same lo Jackson Doering. lot 222 in plat 14,
same, Oakland Township; 132.
Christian Zinns to Johanna - Zlnns. lot on SE
line of Everett street, distant XE 125 from E cor
ner of Everett street and Santa Clara avenue. XE
83:4, S 212. SW 108:5, NW 80. XE 81:1, & W
132 to beginning, being lots 4 to 7. block 2, map
of subdivision Cblpman Block. Alameda; gift.
Max and Rosa Fox to Alice M. Keane, lot on
XW corner of Wheeler street and Ashby avenue,
W 60 by N 100, being lot 5, block D, Adeline
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
O. P. lngraham to F. C. Jarvis, lot 2, 3, 4 and 5
and portion of lota 6 and 7, block - 244, town of
Newark, Washington Township: $10.
I William H. and Helen C. Ford to Catherine Hi
GEO. F. LAMSOiT, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny Street.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday May 36. 189«
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1713 BUCHANAN ST., NEAR SUTTEB,
....I WILL SELL
Th« Magnificent Piano, Furniture, Splen-
did Carpets and Costly ISric-a-Brao
of Residence,
COMPBISINa...
1 Magnificent Grand Upright Piano of matchless
tone In use but a few weeks, a royal Instrument:
Klesant Parlor Cabinets; Tables and Parlor Stand-
ards: Fine Lace Curtains; Costly Draperies and
Portieres; Magnificent Ornaments: Paintings and
Bric-a-Brac; Klegant Odd Pieces Parlor Uphol-
stery; Costly Tidies; Royal Wilton, Mo<iuet, Body
Velvet and Rich Body Brussels Carpets through-
out the house; Splendid Persian Rugs; French
Mantle Clocks; Elegant Oak, Ash and Walnut
Chamber Suits; 1 Kxtra size Mirror-Front. Armoir
a (-lace; 1 Klegant Polished Oak Mirror-Front
Folding Bed; 1 Klegant Child's Willow Crib:
Finest Feather Pillows; Extra White Hair Mat-
tresses: Best Bedding; 1 Walnut Sideboard: 1 12-
-foot Extension Table: Extra Outfit Silver-Plated,
Cut Glass and Decorated Chinaware: 1 Medal
Range: Patent Kitchen Table; Linoleum; Fine
Agateware, etc.
Terms— CASH.
OEO. F. LAMSON, Anctioneer.
GEO. F. LAMSON, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny St.
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday; May 27, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. v., ob the premises,
824 Ellis Street, Near Tan Ness Avenue,
....I WILL, SELL....
The Elegant Furniture of Residence,
....COMPRISING....
Very Elegant Parlor Upholstery, Sofa, Divans,
Ladles' Rockers, Gents' Easy-chairs in richest bro-
cade covers, Elegant Lace Curtains, Fine Paint-
ings, Magnificent Ornaments, Parlor Cabinets,
Very Elegant Moquet Body Velvet and Body Brus-
sels Carpets. Handsome Rugs, 3 Magnificent East*
em Chamber Suits with Plate Mirrors and Full-
dress Bureaus, Extra White Hair Mattresses,
Best Pillows, Fine White Mission Blankets, Sheets
and Slips, Fine Assortment Extra White Goods,
Table Covers, Bedspreads, Sheets. Napkins,
1 Extra Size Walnut Chiffoniers, 1 Hatstand, Ele-
gant Hall and Stair Carpets, Dining-room Fur-
nished In Walnut, Fine Assortment In cut-glass,
Silver-plated and China Ware, 1 First-class Im-
proved Richmond Range, Best Agateware, Patent
Kitchen Table, Garden Hose, etc.
Tebms— Cash.
OEO. F. LAMSON, Anctioneer.
AUCTION SAIE_OP HORSES.
i_a ifes fe
FRIDAY, - - - MAY 29, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
J. D. HGRAN'S STOCKYARD,
Corner Tenth and Bryant Sta.,
WE WILL SKLL AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
SIXTY HEAD OF HOUSES
Belonging; to J. T. CARET of Davis ville
and 1-. JIARKK or San Luis Obispo.
These are good serviceable horses. May te seen
at any lime up to sale at Horan's Salesyard.
KILLIP A. CO.,
Live-stock a action
30 Montgomery at.
jf^^llk ? r « Gibbon's Dispensary,
/%&&*ss EA P Srr ST - Established
raTI 5~ fi\3i Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■ HLT) KEAB.W ST. Established
Bin lass 4 for the treatment ot Private
«M{fHSsfl Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
«9gg£ttgß» 'lisease wearing on bodyand mind and
Nrat&frlHf . . in Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
Mothers fail. Try him. Charges low
SSwmmßwtQ Cnre*KDar»nt«ecl. Callorwritct.
Pr. j. f. mBBOM, Box 19g7.SanFraactoctt
ley, lot 4, block 66, town of Nllcs, Washington
Township; $400.
M. and Catherine A. McCann to Howard J. H ill,
subdivisions F and O of lot 1. block 792, Watts
Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland ; $75.
Fanny F. Reese to same, lot on N line of A
street, 83 Eot riellen. PJ 25 by N 100, being sub
division O of lot 1, block 792, Watts Tract, .nap a,
Oakland; 910.
Howard J. Hill to Jacob Kyll, tame, Oakland;
•10.
Albert E. and Myrtil Blum to Melanle Levy, un
divided interest of portion of lot 2, block F, on
map called "A" map of Fountain place, situated
on X line of Broadway, 93 X from Durant, front
ing 46 on Broadway by ISO in depth. Oakland,
also property in San Jrauclsco anii.Coutra Costa
counties: 81.
F. J. and Dell C. Woodward to A. M. Benbam
and W. K. Thomas, lot on XE line of East Nine
teenth street, 166 se of Thirteenth avenue, SE 68
by .VK 75. block 113, Clinton, subject to a mort
gage for $800, East Oakland; $10.
J. N. Williams to F. \v. and Emma Stephens, lot
on E line of Colby avenue. 175 S of Hersey street,
X 171.71, 8.^3.09, W 153.85, S 50 to beginning
being lot 23, block A, Claremont-avenue Tract,
Oakland Township; $931.
A. G. Roust to Abel iioust, undivided half Inter
est of lot 3, block B. Paradise Park, Berkeley; $10.
Benjamin aud Elizabeth B. bangs to Milton M.
Martin, lot on SW corner of Benvenue avenue and
Parker street, S 40 by W 159.44, being; lot 31,
olock G, Hillegass property, Berkeley; $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson, lot on SW corner
of Euclid avenue and Cedar street. W 100 by S
1'.'4.6i5, being lots 18 and 20, block 6, Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley: $10.
James W. and Minnie E. Irwln to A. D. Lock
wood, same: $10.
Oaillard stunt-y to Louisa A. Montague, lot 6,
block 21, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley: $700.
George P. and Emma Par -er to \\\ J. Parker,
lot on S line of Clinton avenue. 383:4 E of Chest
nut street, E 33:4 to boundary line of Rancho
San Antonio, W to point, N to beginning, Ala
meda; $1.
A. L. .Stone and John L. Shlman to County of
Alamecla, a right of w>:y for water pipe beginning
at a point 16 f?K from common corner lands of
Rene de Tocqueville. lands of County of Alameda
used fbr hospital grounds and lands of Shimaa
and stone, t hence 1(5 E from and parallel with
fi-nce dividing Winds of Hhlman and Stone from
lands of Tocqueville and Marl in, a distance of '2694
to N line of county road, UayivarJs lotan Le
andro, Eden Township; grant.
PKOPOSALS.
SPRING VALLEY WATER WORKS, 818
California street, San Francisco.— sealed bids
will be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 516 California street,
up to 12 H. on the first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (8000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not leas than ten (10)
shares.
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th clay of June following, and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 15th
I of said month.
. All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
I five ($5) dollars per share, in gold coin or certified
, check.
! No bids wilt be entertained at less than ninety-
i nine ($99) dollars per share.
; ■ By order of the Board of Trustees. ■-.-■■>
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896.
PROPOSALS— ■STATE PRISON SUPPLIES^
J- Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
I the clerk at State Prison, San Qnenttn, until in
■ a. m., Saturday, the 13th day of June, 1896, and
: at the ofllce of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
until 9:30 a. m., Saturday, the 20th day of June,
: 1696, at which times and places they will be
I opened In presence of bidders, for famishing
■ and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
' of sub.sis stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies,
from July 1. 1896. to June 30, 1897, inclusive, on
; conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
i furnished upon application at either of the above
j offices.
| No bid will be considered unless made upon said
\ schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
' check therein required, nor from any other
; parties than bona-fide dealers In the classes
, of articles to be furnished. Each bidder must
• accompany bis bid with a certified ' check
, upon some well-known and responsible
( banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
j amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
j d nt of said board, cf his bid, conditioned that the
< bidder will enter Into a contract upon notice of ao-
ceptance as required by law..
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
: rately. ■ All payments mode on contracts will be
: paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules.
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under the amount speci-
fied. • R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
. J. V. Ellis, Clerk.
ROPO3ALSFOR HARDWARE, PLUMBERS'
materials, stoves, lumber, paints, olls,furnlture
fuel, stationery, printing, etc— Sealed proposals
i will be received by the superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, in open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday, May 27, 1896, tX 8:30
o'clock p. m., for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of San Francisco
| during the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils,
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc, and for doing the
printing required during the same time, in accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education, new City Hall.
GEORGE BKAXSTOX, Secretary.
... . SEWING MACHINES.
SEWING MACHINES, SINGER AND DO.
mestic, from $10 to $20; good value. 1559
Market st. . _•>.- s
A LL KINDS BOUUHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED^
■rt. rented, repaired : lowest rat«a. 2U5 Fourth *.
BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLERY-OfEVrWHEELVTO i^ET;
-1 best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo
Ailiaier ana Powell sk cur lines.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam^.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
oight In thp year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth asd Mission streets, opt!
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OK MEETINGS.
jiEis 3 pacific LODGE NO. 136, F. AND ji~
BE^ A . M.. 121 Eddy at, meets THlS_^_
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. First degree. 3S_f
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V^
R_^» ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144, F" m .
IP-^ and A. M.— X. C. decree THIS__V
(TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 oc'ock.'Kjf
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V^
»_— =» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 6, ]k~~
BKe' H. A. M.. will meet THls__iV_
(TUESDAY) EVENING. May 26. at 7:30 J&jt
o'clock. M. M. degree. By order of the H. P. r^r^
■ FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
WPS* GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30.
&=-&" F. and K. Called meeting THIS JV
(TUESDAY) EVENING, May -J6, at 7TJ
o'clock. D. 3. GEO. J. HOB Secretary. < r ~y. >
___» FRANCO - AMERICAN o¥___*. "
fE^ Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F.-Olli-
cits and members are requested to at-
tend the next meeting. THURSDAY, -sn«"~
May 28, at Bp. m. Nomination ofofficen for the
ensuing year. TH. SEHABIAUUE, N. O.
R. Lavioxe, Secretary. -
»_—?» HERMANN LODGENO.I4S. <?__!_*, '
iS^^ I. O. O. F. — The officers and
members of the funeral committee of -^^SB^^^
this lodge are hereby notified toassem- "'fl*^
hie at their lodgeroom, 1749 Mission street, on
TUESDAY, May 26, at 9 a. _ to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother, H. Kozmlnsky.
By of order ef *. V. REOTER, N. G. pro tern,
Charlks Wiimku Secretary.
ffi_3s= THE ODD FELLOWS OF -_H'f".-- ~
*SZ&' S.in Francisco will give a social agjjgftgjESSg-
and a literary and musical entertain-
ment at Odd Fellows' Hall, FRIDAY -^7/mvS 5 -
EVENING, May 29, 1896, at which some of the
successes of Paaerewski will be rendered by the
eminent piano virtuoso, Mr. Hugo Mansfeldt. *■'•" '
ANDREW W. TUKPIN, Secretary.
Bt~p THIRTIETH GRAND AN- . CF^T
arZS' nual gathering and names of the 3V, tjkJtf
Caledonian Club. Shell Mound Park, y^tjTS*
Berkeley, SATURDAY. May 30. A *«^WS
most interesting programme, including all ancient
Scottish feats of strength and skill and other ex-
citing new events. A band.some banner will be
presented to the winning team -In the relay race
between the hich school boys of San Francisco
and Oakland. Noted athletes from all parts of
America, as well as lads and lassies, will take part
Coin to the amount; of $3000 and other valuable
prizes will be distributed to the successful com-
petitors on the grounds. Music and dancing In
two large pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy your tickets for Shell Mound
Park. Admission— Adults 50c, children 25c
- D. R. McNEILL. Chief.
J. F. Dvncajt, Secretary. -
»_— p OAKLAND SPIRITUAL CONVENTION.
•»■— i Hamilton Hall. cor. Thirteenth and Jeffer-
son sts.. Oakland. May 27. 2 and 7 p.m. Lecture
.■>• Hon. 11. I). BASsETTof Washington D. C.
EPS 3 .no lie*. OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
Et~*' Ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896, at the hour of 11 a. if., at the office of the
company, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President
W. S. Leaks. Secretary.
San Francisco. Cal., May 16. 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
|K_F*~BA_ TENANTS EJECTED 1 FOR . *4;
E^ s^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montey at. 'room 6. Tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTE_t-FE_IA_E.
FIRST-CLASS HOTEL COOK DESIRES BlT-
uation; understands all branches of cooking;
best references: city or country. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter at
/COMPETENT SWEDISH WOMAN, WITH A
VJ child, desires situation: good cook: country
preferred. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter at
IRST-CLASB HELP OF ALL NATIONALI-
ties at MISS ±UCKEY'S, 1033 Post st. Tel.
butter 52. -
CITUATION AS FIRST-CLASS COOK, WITH
O small wash, by Protestant; country preferred;
5 years' reference from last place. A. P., box 34,
Call Office.
p ERMAN LADY, WITH CHILD 6 YEARS
VT old, wants position as housekeeper or do
housework: is experienced and rood sewer: refer-
ence given; wages $20. Call at 3550 Twenty-
second st, cor. of Chaltenooga. city.
"pvRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE WORK BY
XJ the day or take sewing home; reasonable;
references. 219 Golden Gate aye.
TRUSTWORTHY MIDDLE SWISS
X Protestant as housekeeper for small family;
best references. Swiss, box 99, Call Office.
QWEDIaH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
0 general housework in small family. Call 414
Tenth st. ■
T ADY STENOGRAPHER WISHES A POSI-
J J tlon in a mercantile house. Address L. 8., box
92, Call.
VOUXG LADY. EXPERIENCED STENO-
X grapher and typewriter, wishes a situation;
good references. Address 218 San Carlos aye.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper for bachelor or widower. Call or
address 1020 Market st or 16 Eddy, room 20,
second floor.
BY FIRST-CLASS FITTER, STYLISH DRAP-
er and designer, thorough d ress_ taker, by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove st
pOMPETENT NORTH GERMAN WOMAN
\J desires situation for upstairs work and sewing,
or as lady's maid ; best references. Address N. 0..
box 63, this office. -
1 COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION,
\J general housework: city or country: wages
$15 to $20. Call or address G., 1033 Post at.
O SCANDINAVIAN GIRLS WISH PLACES
— to do general housework. Call or address 45
Sacramento st
VOUNO WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day, sewing or housedeaning. Audress H. *'
box 99, Call. • .
W OMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK OR WASH-
" ing few hours daily. Apply 909 Jackson at.,
lower flat, bet Mason and Powell, any time.
VOUXG LADY RECENTLY FROM THE
X East desires plain sewing and mending by the
day. Room 8, 472 Stevenson st
W ANTED-A SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEP-
" er for a single man: German preferred; wages
no object. Address MRS. BECKER, 220 Mont-
gomery aye.
ANTED— BY COMPETENT GIRL TO DO
-«» general housework; city or country. Apply
530 Eddy st . - VV y
"U"IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES TO
Hgo out by the day. 21 Van Ness aye.. room 1.
i^OUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO UPSTAIRS
X wor_ or to assist in light housework. Call for
two days 919 Natoma st
VOl NG COLORED GIRL WISHES TO DO
L light housework. Apply at 518 Powell at, la
rear of church.
WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS WORK-
'» ing housekeeper or will do second work. 821
Mission st, room 3.
LDKRLY AMERICAN WOMAN WOULD
.ike a home, with small wages. C. £. F., 626
Folaom st.
WANTED — A POSITION AS WORKING
» » housekeeper by a middle-aged German woman ;
only those desiring a working housekeeper address
D., 654 Twentieth st
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION 1O
\T take care of children; country preferred. Ad*
ply 3370 Twenty- bird st, near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER WISHES
piecework or depositions; law, theatrical and
business work, or will accept work by the day or
week; reasonable terms; perfect work. Call or ad-
dress MISS M., room 6, 420 Montgomery st
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
X day, week or month. Call 713% Clementina
at, near Eighth, in rear.
pOMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do general housework and cooking In Amer-
ican family: city references. 207 Leavenworth st
11- AN.TED-BY A MID-LK-AUKD liErt..lA->'
»» woman a position as working housekeeper.
Only those wishing a working housekeeper call or
address 207 seventh st. • •
R *•• NCH AND GERMAN GOOD COOK
X I wants a position In German family; city or
country. 435 Bush st
7 ADl' would LIKE POSITION AS house-
X_ keeper: best of reference. Call 1002 Powell
St, cor. Clay. .
"yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by the day washing, ironing and cleaning.
2014 Hyde St., near Union.
DRESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
XJ day in families; terms $1 per day; good fit and
finish. Address MRS, it. M., 917 Pacific st
THIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES SITUATION;
X 1 would <o with family in country for the sum-
mer: good references. Address 408 McAllister St.,
hear Polk..- ■ .
\\r OMAN WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY;
»* ■ a:iy Kind of wor* : understands cooking. Call
for 2 days, 929 Mission st • '..
OMPETENT CUOK DESIRES SITUATION;
V^' no objection to country; references 2415
Clay st •-.•-.■ ■- . : . - ■■.■.-_ ■- .
. 7,1 B_NCH* LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
J housekeeper: city or country. . Apply 612 Post
KRMAN : GIRL DESIRES SITUATION AS
vT chambermaid;: good seamstress. Please call
after 11, 126 Fourth at, room 3. . ;
\AT ANTED—SITUATION BY WOMAN WHO
'',1s a k-ood cook and laundress; 3 years in last
place; coautry preferred. 62 Natoma at';. '
V OUNG WOMAN WANTS Pi_vCE AS HOUSE-
X keeper; is good cook. 28 Seventh st, room 36.
IOOK. WANTS A SITUATION FOR THE
\j country: bakes good bread. 1301 Santa Clara
aye., Alameda. : ..--,, ..•
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued. -
QITUATION WANTED BY NEAT GERMAN
O woman- in hotel or private house in country,
Apply 448 Jessie at ' : -
' VfjEAT EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIRL
i.V wishes position as first-class cook or house-
keeper in private family. Address K. X.. Call Of-
flee. Oakland. - . , ■■ ,
LADY WISHES SITUATION AS COMPAN-
Ion, or will care for children or Invalid for her
fare to Chicago; will act as guide In that city. : 821
Mission at, upper flat, room 4.
COLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU ri,K-
\J nishes best help for every position In one hour.
128 Fourth at: telephone black 1353. |
p ERMAN . EMPLOYMENT OFFICE: BEST
VT help secured. MRS. I.AMBERT. 306 Mnson.
INCHES . EX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. •
SITUATIONS WANTE_-aiA_E.
pOLUMBIA EMPL7)Y^iENT r^UREAU'FUR^ !
\J nishes best help for every position In one hour.
128 Fourth st; telephone, black, 1353. i
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb at, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
0 Stevenson st, bet. Fifth and Sixth. ±
/ IHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V.' office: best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
C~~HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
-help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY_CO.. 640 Clay.
It C «... COOK'S SOC. .SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
X branches -.short notice. 14 (ieary. . teL rant. 43.
JW. JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
» ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; Pest help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
WANTED— SITUATION .TO LOOK AFTER
Invalid gentlemen or as valet; first-class ref-
erences given. Address W. R., box 74. Call Office. '
VOUKO MAN, AGE 21, WANTS SITUATION
X In city office work or traveling. Address T. L.,
box 135. Call Office. : ' . '
l 4 IRST-CLASS FRENCHMAN WANTS BITUA-
< tion as bedmaker; has good reference. Call or
address 621 Pacific at __^ ,
BAKER FOREMAN WISHES TO TAKE
charge of shop, city or country. Address Baker,
box 141, Call Office.
VIfANTr-D BY STRONG YOUNG MAN— PO-
'» sitlon In a wholesale house or with a shipping
or commission firm; not afraid of hard work. Ad-
dress S. M., box 161. Call Office.
COACHMAN— SITUATION WANTED; UN-
\J derstands thoroughly the care of horses, cows,
garden, etc. also careful driver: city or country;
reference. Address C. D., box 99, Call.
I KbT^CLAS-s BARTENDER WISHES POSI-
r lion in a saloon or liquor-store: references. P.
X., 1309 Stockton st.
p ERMAN COMPETENT COACHMAN AND
VT Kardener wishes situation; can milk; makes
himself generally useful: has good references.
Address M. \\\, 223 Stevenson at
ARKERIN A LAUNDRY WANTS SlTU-
atlon. Call 511 Broadway. - - '
VOUKO MARRIED MAN. COMPOSITOR,
X speaking and writing English and German,
with small amount of money, wants position: is
not afraid to change his trade. Address Composi-
tor, Oakland Call Office.
VI ARRIED MAN, FRENCH, POLISHED IN
lX manners ana obliging, wants a situation as
coachman, butler, etc., around gentleman's place;
Can furnish highest recommendations. Address
A. R. H.. 420 Davisadero st ,
WINDOW-WASHING and room-sweep-
ing by day, hour or piece work. Address
JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210% Larkin at. rear.
EXPERIENCED WINEMAKER AND CEL-
Xj larman (German), for the past 10 years tore-
man in large California wineries, with first-class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1, Call Office. Los Angeles.
RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
charge of orchard, vines, stock and general
farming: 15years'CalifOTniaexperience; Al refer-
ences. Address Ranch, 31214 Fulton st.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife; man understands the care of horses, can
milk and is handy with tools: wife is Rood cook
and housekeeper; references. Call or address A.
E., 321 Ellis st. .
IrIRST-C_ASS COOK DESIRES POSITION:
-» meats, pastry; family or boarding-house; town
or country references. ALPHA, 912 Pacific st
A RKEEPKR (GOOD ACCORDION-PLAYER)
JJ wants situation to make himself generally use-
ful about saloon or hotel; can handle horses. J.
G.. 627 Commercial st
AN AND WIFE— PRIVATE PLACE OR
gentlemen's club: man understands care of
horses, cattle, grounds and indoor work: wife com-
petent cook and housekeeper; Eastern peop c.
Address E. P., box 141, this office.
pOOD CARPENTER AND GENERAL ME-
\J chanlc wishes steady employment: best refer-
ences. Address C. D.. box 136, this office.
UTLER (GERMAN) WANTS POSITION;
best city references. Address G. D, box 99.
Call Office.
H OTELOR RANCH MANAGER— MAN AND
wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public In- ]
stitution or other property In Southern California;
large experience in handling help. Manager,
P. t». box 2217. San Francisco.
TIT INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $0 per
week; free boa and baggage to and from the ferry. I
\\MNCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR !
»» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200 1
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per 1
week: free bus arid baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
SECOND GIRL, COUNTRY, $25: FRENCH
second girl, Oakland, $25; maid and seam-
stress, $25; housework cir!, Alameda, $20: Santa
Cruz, $20, and other towns; 15 housework girls
city, $20 and $25: 8 youbg girls assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st
iyUR.SE; CHILD 4 YEARS OLD: $10. MISS
XX CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, BOARDING-HOUSE, *20; BEC-
" ond girl, country, $25: nurse, $20: cook
boarding-house, $35. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter.
OMAN, WITH A CHILD, AS WORKING
»' housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter.
p ERMAN OR SWEDIS- CHAMBERMAID
VT and seamstress, $25. Miss CULLEN. 323
Sutter st
GERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, $25;
VJ waitress, $20. MIS'? CULLEN, 323 Slitter St.
p ERMAN GIHL GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
VT city, $20; small washing. MRS. LAMBERT
306 Mason st ,
MIDDLE-AGED PERSON FOR FAMILY"OF
3: Santa Cruz; see lady at 10; $15. MRS.
LAMBERT. 306 Mason st
FIRST-CLASS CHAMBERMAID AND WAIT-
X' ress. Berkeley; 3 adults; $20; references.
MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason st
GERMAN COOK, CITY, $25; GERMAN COOK.
Santa Cruz, $20: German cook and second
girl. Santa Barbara, $20 and $25: cook for coffee,
city, $5 a week and room: woman to assist in res-
taurant kitchen, $6 a week : waitress for country ho-
tel. $20. waitress for city hotel. $20; girls for house-
work, Berkeley. Redwood, Santa Barbara, Santa
Cruz and city. $20 and $15; cook, small summer
resort, $25. C. H. HAN SEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
GNES FROLGER THE COOK AND ANNIE
Bergstrom the chambermaid, please report.
C. R. HANsex _ CO., 110 Geary st
5 NEAT YOUNG LADIES TO WORK IN ICE-
cream and soda parlor; $25 a month and board:
no Sunday work. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary st. -
A QUICK YOUNG WAITRESSES FOR CAFE-
tr no Sunday work: $7 a week and board. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary at.
i) CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAITRESSES,"
— •' $20; chambermaid, assist waiting, light place,
$16; cooks, $26 and $20: housework and second
girls, $20 each; cook, few boarders, $15; and other
places at MURRAY ARKADY'S, 634 Clay st.
ANTED— HAMBEKMAID. ASSIST
wailing, $20; 3 cooks, hotel, boarding-house
and restaurant, $25, $30 and $36; 2 Protestant
second girls, $°^0; seamstress and nurse, $20;
Protestant laundress by the day: 3 waitresses, ho-
tels and restaurant. $20 and $6 week: girl for
housework, resort, $20, see lady here at 9 to-day,
and a great many girls for cooking and housework
in city and country- J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312
Suiter st. ; ■ • ■-■
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS FRENCH MAID,
with city references. $30; American cook,
$25; French second, country. $20: French nurse.
$12: young ifiris to assist, $10 and $12. LEON
ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
SECOND GIRL FOR THE COUNTRY; ALSO 2
O girls for the country. FENTON _ CO.. 122
Geary st.
THIRST- CLASS GENERAL HOUSEWORK
X girl; good cook; 6 In family; wages $25. Ad-
ply MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post st.
COAT- FINISH ERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
\J street. .
"VTKAT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK-
X* must understand plain cooking; ; $16. • 1215
Eddy st .
ft ELIABLE GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUBK-
XV work in small family. 1113% Treat aye.
GIRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN: LIGHT
r housework and assist children. 1309 Eddy st.
'ANTED — YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
fi housework Id small family. 1036 Regent st,
Alameda: Park-at. station, narrow gauge. - - .
G E w ß orJ A^M^rrsg ENERAL HOf^
VVc^S-io^Un^st" 0 "*"""■*-«
MIDDLK-AGED LADY , THAT 1 UNDER-
stands waiting at table. 2934 Fulton at.
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK"
X asaist with children; good home; no washing-
wages $10. ■ 4263 Twenty-third st, nr. Douglass. '
G"1 ERMAN- OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR GEN-
r era! housework; plain cooking. Call 1620
Geary st v »_K«riBBBI_MMMMR_I
pOOD ; COOK WANTED. CABLE HOTEL"
VT Twenty-eighth and Valencia sts.
WANTED -YOUNG OIR.. TO ASSIST IN
'V light housework. .. 1217 Web&ter st A
" ANTKD-A GOOD GERMAN LADY
cook for coffee-house. 26 sixth at
ANTED— A GIKL TO DO GENERAL
, housework. Apply 1717 Post at
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
$12. -38 Belvedere at., oft Waller, nr. Cole. ;
ANTED— YOUNG . GIRL TO DO HOUSE-
work. 361 Minna at. :
p IRL, 22 TO 30. NEAT AND SMART, FOR
IT general housework. 1316 Hayes at ;
YV ANTED— TRUSTWORTHY. GIRL TO AS-
' ' alst care of babr, light housework - and wash-
ing. 1420 Mason st.
IRL = FOR HOUSEWORK. APPLY BET. 9
and 12. 1006 Geary st
T ADY FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; COUN-
XJ try. Call 10 to 12. 216 Steuart st, J. B. -. ...
irl wanted to assist in LIGHT
housework; German preferred: wages s6. Call
bet 10 and 12. 715 Capp at. ■
/ 1 IRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
VJ assist with children; wages 15. 504 Sutter. ...
ANTED — GERMAN GiRL; GENERAL
housework in small family; good place: 2222
Fifteenth st. : Castro car. ---■' '
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSKWORK AND
cooking; small family; wages $15. 1416 Va-
llejo st. -. - .
Ur ANTED— A GERMAN GIRL ASCOOK AND
work In family of 2. -Apply 462 Natoma St.,
NE. cor. Sixth. : ■ . . ■
ANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
'» school; course thorough, practical: satisfac-
tion guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
I ADY AGENTS: NEW INVENTION; CUT-
• i ting dresses taught 1 hour: rights for sale. 605
Fell st.
A PPRENTICES-SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
xX Tues. In dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE, IN PER-
fect order; $16: day and evening. 1669 Market.
ANTED— WAITRESSES, SEAM-
stress, cashiers, nurses, laundry-girl a. Come at
once and get a good position. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
i«X Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND Ssc: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
rkRESSMAKING, CUTTING and FITTING
U tanght; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c ud. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st
MALE HELP WANTED.
On LABORERS FOR SAWMILL AND WOODS
•—A* for a large company: no experience required.
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
On REDWOOD, TIE-MA 8 AND 10c
-.U each. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay at
C MILKERS, $20: » BUTTER-MAKERS: STA-
• ) bleman, city. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and
636 Clay st
pHIEFCOOK. $65: 6 COOKS. $25, $30 AND
V' $50: 2 dishwashers. $20: 3 waiters. $20 and
$30; second cook. $5 a week; porter, $16; cook
and fe, $30, small place: cook for 5 men, $15;
baker, country hotel, $40; pas' ry cook, $40.
MURRA V & READY, 634 and 636 ClaT st
WAITER AND WIFE, MAN AS WAITER,
»' wife as chambermaid, $40, country hotel,
first-class place. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st : :
R. JOE AND MRS. JENNIE TOOMKY,
please report at once. MURRAY _ READY,
634 and 636 Clay st
FARMERS, $26: 3 VINEYARD HANDS.
MURRAY - READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMER AND WIFE; NEAR CITY. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
1 n HAYMAKERS, $1 A DAY AND BOARD:
XV choreboy, $12. MURRAY' _ READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
FARMERS; NEAR CITY; $20AND FOUND;
steady job. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
pEMENT MANUFACTURER: $20 A WEEK;
V.' MURRAY «fc READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
WANTED— A CARRIAGE-PAINTER FOR
»' Central America, $4 50; dairyman, good place,
$30; stableman, $30: swiss milker, $24: .chore-
boys, ss; boy for store, s3; American farmer. s26;
swam pern, $26: tiemakera: cook, small hotel. S3o,
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 628
Sacramento st.
AMI I)— COOK. COUNTRY, $50; KITCH-
»' enband,s2s; night waiter, $35: abeepnerder,
see boss here 11 a. m.; milker, Mendocino Counir,
$28; choreboy: shoemaker to do repairing, etc.
L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. ■
EAD WAITER, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30; 2
XX miners. $50 and board; ranch teamster and
wife. $35 and harvest wages: plowband, $15. ' R.
T. WARD _ CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
ANTED— COUNTRY HOTEL, $60;
baKer, country hotel, $30: American farmer,
near city, first-class place, $25: farmer, ho can
milk a few cows. $20, a short distance ; also .milk-
ers, farmers, cook, waiters and dishwashers. W.
D. EWEKifcCO., 626 Clay st
MORE SWAPPERS FOR THE WOODS, $26
and board; redwood tiemakers; 6 railroad la-
borers, $1 75 a day; 3 farmers, same ranch, *20;
2 farmers for baying, $20; experienced man to
make Portland cement. C. K. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary at •
ABKER AND DISTRIBUTOR COUNTRY
1»X laundry, $18 a week: second cook, restaurant,
$60: vegetableman who can sun a boiler, $35;
vegetanleman. country hotel, $25: German painter
for an Institution, $20. C. R. HANSEN <& CO., 110
Geary st
VIGHT COOK. GOOD ON SHORT ORDERS
Xl and oysters, $50. C. R. HANSEN <!t CO., 110
Geary at. .
\.f ATTRESS - MAKER FOR REPAIRING.
I*l 1434 Nebraska at -v
SOLICITOR FOR TAKING CONTRACTS FOR
ready rooting, building-paper, roofing- 1 etc..
is wanted. Apply at once to U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building. .
Q BUSUELMEN WANTED. 541 MARKET
O street.
SOLICITOR WANTED. GOLDEN GATE DYE
Works, 342 McAllister st.
VIKST-CLASS CARPENTER. 724 LARKIN
T at, 8 a. M. to-day.
OOD BUSH ELM AN WANTED AT 22%
Geary at, room 19.
ANTED- LIABLE BOY FOR GROCERY.
1019 Pacific st
W ANTED-YOUNG MAN TO LEARN BAR-
*T ber trade. Inquire 107% Fifth st.
w &__fe_r.-^Uf aMajAaa - coatmak^
OUNG BARBER WANTED AT 1938 MIS-
X slon st, near Sixteenth.
I > ARBER WANTED-MUBT BE A GOOD
1) man; $6 and board. 2004 Central aye.
TJUSHELMAN WANTED. 21 THIRD ST.
IGN- WRITER, WITH SMALL CAPITAL!
O can buy a well-established show-card and slgn-
bnslness. Address 8.. box 37. Call office.
YV ANTED — GENTS' FURNISHING AND
"» fancy goods salesman. Address MILES, box
36, Call.
A BSISTANT FOR GENERaLOFFICK WORK,
S\. with chance for advancement; $500 Cash se-
curity and references; lady with typewriter pre-
ferred. Address C. R., box 73. this office.
\\T ANTED— A SOBER MAN WHO SPEAKS
• 1 German, understands taking care of a couple
of horses and wagon, and make himself useful in
the store. Address E. A., box 74, this office.
WANT ST E A DTt MAN TO LOOK AFTER
» ' office, handle cash, etc.: duties easily learned-
experience not necessary; capital required. $175*
GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market st
ARBERS-3 CHAIRS; BARBER-SHOP OF
15 years' standing: must be sold; cheap-
owner leaves city. 602 Montgomery aye.
A-CENT BEDS; ALL CLEAN. OLD FRENCH
O Hospital, Bryant St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
• A RBE RS— GOOD 2-CHAIR SHOP AND
I) battis; a bargain; must be sold. DECKEL-
MAN BROS., 106 Ellis st
TTSEFUL MAN WITH $150; SPLENDID
*J chance; $60 per month guaranteed. JAMES
box 25, Call.
AY' ANTED-BTEADY MAN; LIGHT WORK;
»» salary 915 per week to start; must have $100
cash. 777 Market at, room 7. T ,
L» ARBER BOSSES' PRO. ASSOCIATION WILL
X» meet THIS EVENING at 102 O'FarreiL hall
D, 3d floor: do not wait until you are called on, but
come to-night 8. TAUSSIG, President- J.
Schmidt, Secretary. - , ■ ■
ARBER-SHOP; 16c: SPLENDID CHANCE-
no rent: $160. SToLTZ. 630 Market at.
\\T ANTKD-BTEADY MAN A3 PARTNER IN
»' paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' Asso.. 825 Grant are. a FUCH3.
11 AKBEK8' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
X> ment Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'FarrelL
QHOEMAKER WANTED ON MEN'S PEGGED
O shoes. 202 Fifth st ' '
ANTED — TEAMSTER , FARMHANDS
»' miners, butchers, salesmen, barbers, wallers,
cooks, canvassers: always openings; call at once.
COLUMBIA, 128 Fourth st t
WANTED— SADDLE-MAKERS. APPLY TO
TT MAIN <fe WINCHESTER.
______________________________
ANTED— BOY FOR LAWYER'S OFFICE.
" Answer In own handwriting, stating age and
residence. L. 8.. box 22. this office. -
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD _ CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys, 1068 East Sixteenth st,
Oakland, Cal. , '
BESI - PLACE IN THE city for SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's tniatit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. --
ajjTnn, PARTNER REQUIRED; 2016 MAR.
tjpX.\J\J ket; good chance for the right man. ;■ ;.
ANTED— AT ROOM 817, 328 MONTGOM-
ery st, ■ clerks and . laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
LCHO HOUSE, r »63%* MAKKKT ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $5 week.
MEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c:week,$l to $2 50; reading-room strictest at-
tention to morning calls:clean;qulet: open ail night
JUbT OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
O Pacific St., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
— W^MMh *ftffiMW_ ffffflClllh
J EI ' P WANTED-Continned. ?
~\\r A NTED—FOR ' UNITED : STATES
»' Marine . Corps, U. : S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches In height; of good
character and ■ temperate habits; able to ■ read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have | legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be '
accepted this important branch of the naval
nervice offers special inducements: Riving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis st, San Francisco,
CaL • '.- .-.;-■ : \.., ■■■■ . ■■.
SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
I half-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard at. nr. Sixth.
» STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
♦"V dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
W' INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; MOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents, ■ '-.
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
»': trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent S. F. Barber School. 1516 Howard.
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ r-<5., Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. .
C KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
V^ acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY— « E" ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorfl sta.
T>OOMS 16c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
' ' era&clerka. KN OX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
IJARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION KMPLOY-
J i ment secretary. CONRAD.TRQgLL. 657 Clay.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 829 SACRAMENTO
at; 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, »l a week: meals 10c.
TV ANTED— LABORERB AND MECHANICS
-.» ' to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 160
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night
VI ENS %-fc>OLINQ 60c; LADIES' 4Oo: DONE
HI while you wait 638 Market opp. Palace HoteL
1 l\r\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c. 16c
X\'\J and 20c a night including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. ■ • ■■.
\yK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
• i your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
562 Mission st, between First and Second sta,
Tie TO FEED Manhattan STOCK food;
i*l all grocers keep It
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, bOM_
nearly new. 26c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
I ''REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 60;
also a bottl eof lager. sc, at 637 Clay at
rpKY acme house. »o7 MARKET st., be-
.l low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED-BINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
v -ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st - .
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
>' light housekeeping: between O'Farrell and
Jackson, Powell and Leavenworth. H. D. D., box
37, Call Office. . .
O FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
complete: Mission preferred. W.. box 4. C all
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— EXTRA CHOICE UNIMPROVED
»» Pacific Heights lots, 2 or more, suitable for
building. in exchange for $12,000, nearly new
marine-view residence. Address P. D., box 114,
Call Office. ■
"WANTED — A SMALL ORCHARD HOME,
»' with everything complete. Address, with full
particulars, terms, etc., G. H. F., box 23. Call.
IV ANTED -MISCEL.L. AN EO US.
T^eTt^HANLVORGAnT M^JsT^BE^LO^nD
and cheap. Address Organ, box 3. Call Office.
WANTED— A SECOND-HAND NATIONAL
»» cash register; state price. B. CL, box 75, Call.
HKiHEST PRICES PAID LADIES'. GENTS',
XX children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
must be a total-adder and In good condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this office. .
ANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office. '
-LL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
C* Hr* to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at: send po»t— .
___________ „
EDUCATIONAL..
•piANo" TAUGHT IN 6 MONTHS ; GUARAN- .
X teed: new method; $2 50 month. 913 Mission, j
RIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS- j
es Tues. and FrL Misses Ht DDY, 6a Hyde st
T ESSONB IN DRAMATIC ART, VOICE CUL-
XJ tnre and poise. Address Actress, box 6. CalL
KW . PROPOSITION .IN SHORTHAND !
■iX writing; common wri: Ing requires an average j
of sup or down strokes per sound, and writes 25 .
words per minute; therefore. if you write every |
sound by one np or down stroke yon may write i
125 words without abbreviations. lIECHT'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25). room 706, ■ Hpreckela ;
building, 927 Market at, fan Francisco.
"\IRS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 614
i«- Sutter; vocal music, piano, elocution: dra-
matic elocution; skirt dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vocal classes Monday at 8 p. _.; $1 per
month.
' A TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
."-at The very best individual Instruction:
20 trial lessons in Shorthand. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting and English branches, $1;
books free.
OOKKEEPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ ant teaching: 1,3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth at
BOOKKPNO, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAM R
XJ day _ night ; noclasses : $5 month. 84 5 Miss ion
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VT lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTH AUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CABTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze bld.,r.S7.
ICP*NISH. FKENCH.GERMAN; MODERATE.
O— tlsterschaft School Languages. 122 O'Farrell s:
AYRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st; Individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
OELASCO-S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING. MB-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; eatab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt
"IT EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
XX Bookkeeping, bu sinew practice, shorthand. 1
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modara ;
laagnagea rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
\ Kill I SCHOOL. S.i'..LLh.(-K..'l !
** l'n»i •<otnm»ri.iii. «h«>r t hi>T»d. K.n--"«'' ■ low -v»» I
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos and musical Instruments
at MA UVAIS', 769 Market at
STECK PIANO; FINE TONE; EXCELLENT I
order; obliged to selL Room 21, 809 Market. J
INK UPRIGHT: SPLENDID TONE. FORCED
X' sale; $160. Room 12, Flood building.
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Poet at.
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooma at 938 Market st, opposite
Mason: bargains In different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
"DEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
X* A Gerts and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post at
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OP
1 small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed In New York; Just the chance to buy a flue
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violin*. $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharpa, $1: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc ;• new
planoa for rent and sale. J. HARRY' SCOTT, 929
Market at.. Spreckels building.
«C IOX FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
<pX_iU. McAllister at., next to Hlbernla Bank. j
SOHMER. BTKCK, STEINWAY. BTATHAM
second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
<% 1 00 MARSHALL UPRIGHT : SHERWOOD
l\J\J. upright $160. BRUENN'S, 228 Poet.
HERMAN, CLAY _ CO., STEINWAY REP-
O resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sntter.
SHAW, $576: STEINWAY. $215; SQUARE,
»26; rented »2 up. HEINE. 136 Kills st
A BRIVED— LOT OB" : CELEBRATED HIGH-
-~- grade T. L, Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st '■>■/.
HICKEKINO, KNABK. STBCK.VOSE. BTER- I
V/ ling pianos: see our new piano tor $187; pianos
iQr rent BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrali.
l> YltON MAUZY. 308 . POST ST.— SOHMEB.
JJ Newby A Evans. Hrigga find other pianos. .
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD* NEW
*J H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham dace.
V n^ Jt -l_ i __ : _-' ■■■ STORAGE. , -- . - -;
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larktn. ,
J> CRNIT U RE] PIANOS, TRUNKS; -AD-
X vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK, 2O4 Post
T H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .reduced rates: basement storage, Hl 60 per load
OWEST . RATES— FURNITURE, - PIANOS.
household goods, etc. J. M. .fierce. 735 Market
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plat;.
Apply for rates or storing furni-
-T- tore, etc SHIREK _ SHIBEK, 747 Market.
A^.^ :: .' PERSONALS. ■■ . '_._ _J___
ADVICE FREE; -DIVORCE LAWS A 3PB-
dally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended ta O.W. HOWE.attyat-law, 850 Market st
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward.. Cut-rate
Tailoring Company, 1117 Market at, bet Seventh
and Kighth.
T INCOLN BROS., 226 SIXTH ST., MIDDLE
XJ of the blocic: look for the name; 10 lbs. rolled
oats, 25c; 9 lbs. rolled wheat. 25c; 6 lbs. dried fruit,
25c; 23 candles, 25c; 4 cans Cutting's tomatoes,
25c; one lb. fine tea or coffee, 25c: box macaroni
or vermicelli, 25c: 3 lbs. cheese, 25c: milk or
cream. 10c a can eggs, 10c a dozen: butter, 20c a
roll; Eastern hams. 8c lb.: picnic hams, 6c lb.;
flour, 80c a sack. LINCOLN BROS., cash grocers,
226 Sixth st '
I AM NOT SECOND CLASS. AS MY PRICE
(25c) for hair-dressing might lead , some people
to believe;! employ nine of the best artists in the
city: don't mistake the place. 11l Stockton st, G. :
LEDERER. ■
VAPOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS FOR I
T Rheumatism, Sciatica, Constipation, Obesity.
637 Turk at ■ - *».
EO. W. PHELPS, aTTOKNEY-AT-LAW, 216
San.iome at, room 4. ■
AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE, 25c; SHAM-
poo. 25c: manicure, 26c: lessons. MRS.
BUTLER, 131 Post st. room 20. ■
rpHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth st; children's school hats 6c : dyed,
pressed 25c.; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
I IBEIUI- Ai»VAi\O_S UN JJIA.MO.NDS, jK W'
XJ lry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st
SPECIAL— & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self 'measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
fTIRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st. ; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. ■
1 I lOft CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, . 15c:
i.\ fVJyj teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary at, r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents. . ■
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
__ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason st open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SKTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
« dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
PAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINK
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Panlngton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
cnanau; gas given; crown and bridge work.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, re_C7ed from Larkin at to 119 • Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUP.
"DIG OUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertieementa in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st -
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
pLOAKS, CAPES AN_ .SLITS RETAILED AT
yj ' mfrV cost Factory, JO s«n«r>Tn" «:.. nn^titiri
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 50534 Natoma at, above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
■•-"-'-'-'•-•-'-'•""- -''•-•-• J --^---^--.-.---^-^ - -— ~
60 eta and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation. Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil Influences in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are bat few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. _. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6 P. — .
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market at ,
DO NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L.
Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busj-
ness medium; he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs: tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites the separated and causes a speedr mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy st. ; hours 9to 9. >
SYR A, THE WORLD'S RENOWNED INDEI
pendent slate-writing medium: known through-
out Europe and America as the mystic wonder;
If deceived by fakirs - come to Syra: have you
trouble? do you need advice? Syr» tells lust what
you want to know: mediums developed: hours,
10 a. m. to sf. x. 1008% Market at, parlors 1
and 2. ■
P^ ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST., NEAR
Sixth: wonderful power; advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; tells of
friends and enemies: 9 10 8. also Sunday.
ME. LEGETTE; PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture. 26c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by egg*" and cards: tells entire life, p_t,
present future; consultations on ail affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
poaalble; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post St. nr. Larkin.
PROF. AND MME. HALE, OCCULT BCIEN-
X tist. clairvoyant, palmistry. 315 Ellis st, 9 to 9;
also Sunday. ■ ■ . ■
LAIRVOYANT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c.
\J 41 Minna, basement. .
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, reader, born with a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st, nr. Jones.
\f ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
iX past present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard at
ME. EXODIUS. CLAIRVOYANT, BE-
moved to 1003 Mission st, near corner Sixth.
MX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
RS. ALLEN, TEST _ BUSINESS MEDIUM,
J-'JL mental <& magnetic healer, 620 Market, r. 20.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
p yPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES, 25c:
VT gents, 6Oo ; readings dally except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. ARNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN'
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
er and clairvoyant in world: seventh daughter;
read curds since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladies or gents 60c. 917 Market 3 and 4.
ETURXKI), WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: price* moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIiIITUA-ISM.
pALIFORNIA SPIRITUALISTS' CONVEX^
\J tion continued to-day at Golden Gate Hall, 10
a. m. and 2 p. _.. on State organization, etc: even-
ing, fraternal, . literary and ' musical social - and
dance. AH free.
EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10& MME.
Young, 605 McAllister st; skeptics invited.
Vf OTHER LOWIE; SKANOE TO-MORROW
iX 12 o'clock: to-nignt 8 p. _.; trumpet seance.
535 Post st; 25c.
TJISHOP GARRISON, 148 SIXTH ST.; INDE-
X> pendent slate writing -ad seance, Tuesday and
Friday evenings: 25c.
BS. KATE HOPKINS. TRANCE AND BUBI :
ness medium; sittings daily: $1; circles Tues-
day evening, 25 cents. 136 Oak st
A RLE, INDEPENDENT SLATE-WRITER,
3HO Ellis st, has returned from Los Angeles.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, -CLAIRVOYANT
__ trance medium: itittlngs $1. VI H Stockton st
■ ' - _ CARPET . CLEANINti. .
p REATEASTERN^^ASiTA^P^r^n^EAN"
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 576: 14 Bth at B. Grant.
TONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
O renovating works. Main office 25 and *J7 , Bth. ;
pARPETSCLKANED, 3c A YARD: LAID 3a
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
' » poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama at : tel. So. 40.
CON XLK LI N 'BCARPKT EEATING WORKS. 333
/ Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
tIng, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mirr. TeL South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STKAM CARPET-BEAT-
Iac works: latest Improved machinery: 3c yard."
O. GEOROE.offlce 11 Eighth st; phone Jessie 253.
ARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
J like new. : FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth; teL
6onth 36. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
» 14th at ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74. 1
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. ■■ 453 Stevenson: teL south 223.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAWi
■
A Dvic^^RliE^DYvoTiclE"LA^V^~X~SPECtT
■*■ »- «J*y; private; - no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market
LE. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
• R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st
: J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY- AT-LaW. 719
. Market st; vice free.
OVJ; MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth at. rooms 14. 15.
\Y W. DA VIDSON, ATTORNE Y-A T-LAW. 420
•TT . California at: rooms 14 and 16: advice free. !
' T YPE^VKITEKS. '■;..-- ~~
vost, $30; CALfGRAPH. $25; SEND FOR
X sample work. SCOTT — BAN NAN, 333 Monty
'■'■':. r. : BUSINESS CHANCES. ...:.'..._-
-ffiQnft SALOON IN BUSY PART OF TOWN;
tJpGUI/. cheap rent; don't miss this bargain.
STENBERO _ CO.. 632 Market at
ffl?1 .^<lfl CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR
<Ipx«JV'l/. transfer DOint, .Western Addition;
handsome private rooms; owner 3 years: no better
offer in market; rare bargain. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st. ■ ..•*.■'■
_QAAA PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
jpOUUI/. established steam laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses and restaurants: valuable' outside
routes: horsos and wagons; business sure to in-
crease If Droperly attended: books open for Inspec-
tion; full ; investigation. STENBKRG CO., 632
market st. ■ • . ■. ; . '-.:".
Qqnn CORNER SALOON; NICELY FIT-
; tJOUU. ted up: good location; wholesale dis-
i trict; offered at a sacrifice: owner has two places.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st. .;
€l7^A RESTAURANT AND i SALOON;
I t)U. near large carhouse: neat, attractive
place: doing Al business: . large number regular
boarders: retiring from business. tsTENBERG
CO., 632 Market st. . •.-.-■"-'■■•■-
-*l|\A[| FIRST-CLASS SALOON AND;
ilnXUv/v/. road house: at. terminus of two car
lines; 8 magnificently furnished rooms: superb
' bar fixtures; more than value in sight; rent only
$46; does business that will justify invest— at
$2000: thorough investigation allowed. " ""'6N-
BERG & CO.. 632 Market st. ; :
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
CJI HA BAKERY WITH BRICK OVEN, ALL
<PXUU. fixtures with oven; locality fine; cheap
rent: you will never tret a bakery like this for
twice the amount; Investigate this snap at once.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
QfQ^fl FOR HALF INTEREST GOOD,
«l£O«_)U. paying meat market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©QflfX BOARDING - HOUSE: 20 TO 25
tJrOUU. steady boarders: free rent, light and
water. T. LUBELBKI.7 City Hall aye.
(JjIDAA GROCERY AND BAR; DOING
•JPXOUU. fine business: corner stand: cheap
rent: big stock: rare bargain: come see this splen-
did buy; also horse and wagon. T. LUBELSKI, 7
city Hall aye. '
dljcrrv ELEGANT STATIONERY AND CO
<E)c)cJl/. fectionery, with soda fountain: finest
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms; see
this fine place at once; paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. >
ELEGANT GROCERY WITH 2 TEAMS;
well-established business; fine location; in-
vestigate thin rare chance, this fine place. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
OH f\l\f\ GROCERY; SEE IT IMMEDI-
tjpIUUU. ately. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
fl>l Xn RESTAURANT. DOING FINE BUSI-
«JP * O\J. ness; fine locality; cheap rent; elegant
place: if you want fine paying business see it at
once; you will never get this kind of bargain for
the money: the only reason for selling is sickness:
elegant chance; investigate. T. LUBKLSKL 7
City Hall aye.
OjOXA BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
»j? — >>V/. and cigar store; rent only $10; good
business. M. LESS _ CO., 783% Market
C_Qfin BRANCH BAKERY, COFFEE AND
*rr>*J\r\J. Icecream parlors, cigar-stand, building
Included; choice part Western Addition; ground
rent, $10; long lease, M. LESS <_ Co., 783 - Mar
ket st. ' ■
Sit'-i^H . BRANCH > BAKERY ON A BUSY
ij±)tJ*J\J, street; central: good stock; nice fix-
tures: living-rooms; choice place. M. LESS <fe
CO., 783% Market st ..- ; -.
(2*l PLn FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE:
<IDX_V.must be sold to-day; good horse and
wagon; best portion Western Addition: 4 living-
rooms: rent $10; present owner there 2 years: has
good steady trade: is offered at this exceedingly
low price as owner has other important business
requiring immediate attention : remember this is a
chance in a lifetime where $160 buys a paying
place. M. LESS & CO., 783% Market st
Z.f\l\ A YOUNG MERCHANT IN GOOD
ig»O\J\J. standing wants partner in his wholesale
fruit ■ and produce commission business: controls
first-class trade: established 8 years: doing pros-
perous business, rapidly increasing; too much for
one, therefore partner preferred: full investigation;
references: fortune for active man. M. LESS CO.,
783 Market st
NOTICE— PARTIES WISHING TO SELL RES-
— ' taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
C*O^f| BUTCHER -SHOP; OLD ESTAB-
OO\J. liahed : 2 horses, wagon, cart: low rent;
a great bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st. '
ffljXXn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
fJ'OOXJ. very central; 2 living-rooms: owner had
place 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st
ffljOnn OLD - ESTABLISHED BAKERY'—
«3) OUU. Good atnre trade and wagon route: bak-
ing 2 bbls. daily. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny at
m»£»F:n fine paying restaurant on
fj)\JO\J. Kearny at: low rent; receipts $25 to
$30 daily: a sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 26%
Kearny at
QtßZ\(\ CORNER SALOON OPP. GOODALL
tFUOVr. cfc PARKINS' steamboat landing: rare
chance. WILKE <fc WOLF, 631 California st.
Cj7Xn WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
<4> I *-*" and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building Included; ground rent small:
great bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market
(D*Onn FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORK;
<sr— yjyJ. horse, wagon; rooms; daily receipts
$10; rent $12; snap. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921
Market st
CO^ft BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
»3)_tJU. city. BARRETT _ SKIFF ,921 Mar-
ket st . -^: :-■ ~-'- -:r -:■:..■-.
rpo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSI-
X ness of any kind. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
IV ANTED— STEADY MAN IN COMMISSION
»* house: will pay 875 permonth: cash required.
$300. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
ejQAnJ*. GROCERY AND BAB; FULL
<SO\J\J. value; offer wanted. GUS STRAND,
45 Third St. ■ .
fflJftXn RESTAURANT, WITH BAR;
rJDUuU. clears $150 a month. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st. • - , •
1 a&qrvfi partner WANTED TO-DAY IN
i£)OO\J. first-class dining parlor: clears $150 per
month. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
(JJjl 9: BKANCH BAKERY: 5 ROOMS;
<IPX . offer wanted. GUS STRAND, 46 Third.
< BtJ.- r \ft RESTAURANT NEAR MARKET
«55-t«Jv/. at; cheap at $600. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st.
©qj^n, DRY GOODS, NOTIONS AND VA-
tSVO\J. rlety store: 4 furnished rooms; full
value: offer wanted this week. GUS STRAND.
45 Third st
(Z>«_>XA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
fj^i>O\J. icecream parlor, also cigar-store: build-
ing Included; long lease; asnap. GUS STRAND
45 Third st
<2» C^fJ RESTAURANT SOLD TO-DAY AT A
t_sO_U. ereat sacrifice: fully $2000 in sicht;
eleeantly fitted: good location; receipts $30 to s3s
dally; chance for fortune. GUS STRAND, 45 3d.
Q_XA . PARTNER WANTED IN ELEGANT-
«Jp"±OV/« ly furnished saloon: good day and im-
mense night trade; 1 block from Examiner office.
Wll.K _ WOLF, 631 California at
A , D YEING- AND CLEANING
trp\J\J\J\J. works: established 8 years; 35-ho se-
power boiler: 12-horse engine; all kinds of copper
kettles; 3 wazons; 3 horses: clears over $300 per
mo.: rent $30, with lease. Business Exchange
777 Market st
<at')^n £ ARTNER WANTED IN CASH
tiP^.c»V/. business guaranteed to clear $15 per
week; no night or Sunday work; experience not
required. Business Exchange, 777 Market st -
* LL PARTIES WISHING TO SELL OR BUY
places of business try CIIY BUSINESS
AGENCY, 865% Market at
'ft'^^O LEGITIMATE MANUFACTURING
tlDOciU. business: partner wanted; manu-
facturing standard goods, in general . use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing;
money to be Invested to enlarge plant- carries full
stock : is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in; will double In six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART. 602 Market st
I 000 500 CASH; BALANCE TO BE
<P±\JV\J. paid out of the business; livery,
boarding and sale stable: fine location near Market
St.; has 15 horses, 20 boarders; full equipment of
carriages, hacks, bugsies. etc.; dears $250 per
month: this Is cheap at $2000: greatest bargain
ever offered. See GEO. STEWART. 602 Market.
FOR SALE CHEAP-RESTAURANT AND
.. coffee-house; party going to country; no agents.
Call or address 8. H. McNALLY, 17 Thirtieth at
I ''OR SALE— BAKERY AND CONFECTION-
ery. Apply 526 Valencia st.
ft 100 £ art:se "* IN BUTCH iSR- SHOP:
235 Third .I 0887 *" 11 h0 " C; gOOd tr de - *"»
iSoOO CH IS KKN RANCH IN PETALUMA":
£?el U pe-t. g , O VeStmenU lnqulre Cosmopoltan
/CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; CENTRAL"
$400 G °_? D «s? INESB; WOOD AND COAL
tg-XVXJ. yard; 2 horses, 2 wagons: rent only
Hf.AL> & CO., 23 11 « ■ death » ■ fam »y- *&
HhALY _ CO., 23 Kearny st :
«Jt 3000 CORKER BAR; AVERAGE DAILY
■$250,
easlW learned; remaining partner a well-known
businessman and thoroughly res P nsible- Partner
preferred to hired help, J. a., box 90. Call Office.
$125 FUK^ ISH ? D HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS;
437 MJnna n ustbe 8 ° : going away: cheap rent
ftlfiOO W , HOL ESA L E AND RETAIL
«1P 1 \jy\r. wine and liquor store: established for
years; large store and outside trade: lease: low
rent;, living rooms. WILKE _ WOLF. 631 Cali-
fornia st. ; (^IBS_B_BBK_i
<?£%( )0 WELL- STOCKED GROCERY
»3? _O WU . store with horse and wagon for sale:
large trade; located in best part of city: investi-
*-^*,?* 1 ? 111111 make offer. C. C. HICKOK &
Co.. 873% Market st ■ :■.•--■■.,
©70 »B_R-SHOP ON MARKET ST.: 2
W • v. chairs: rent «15: great oargaln if sold to-
day. Apply DECKER. 1020 Market st. .
©900 c " H ° H ° ass; CLEARS $100
tjp«-v/V7. montnly; living-rooms: excellent place
for man and wife. Add. A., box 109, Call Office.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of means, $36 capital. 12 Mason at- rm. 2
■ B~Siy_S3 CHANCES— Continned.
_.-! -r BAY-WINDOW HOUSE, 16 ROOMS;
t3)X4_. best paying house in city for money.
KENNY A CO., 765 Markets;. . '■/■ - ■;.. •. - .
01* I ~f\ PARTNER WANTED -LIGHT,
tip lOU. profitable business: no night or Sunday
work: rare chance. KENNY & Co.. 765 Market
tn»»)PLnn. PAPER KOU'lii 1 . louoti-ciua.
. rt)~ DW. era: thriving town near city: circula-
tion increasing: most desirable paper on coast:
Increasing in public favor. KEN2S V _ CO., 7d5
Market st. ' -
_»OPin PARTNER WANTED; SALOON
<Jh.)OU. and lunch house; good stock; fine trade.
KENNY _ CO.. 766 Market st * ': r ;
_>I^n RESTAURANT— BUSY PART OF
»Jh IOU. Market st. ; good trade: new fixtures; a
bargain. : KEN NY* _ CO., 765 Market st. --.'
TTItEAT OPPORTUNITY— $6000 WILL UK-
iT cbase retiring •; manager's Interest, worth
$10 000. and secure permanent position on salary
in one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine; serious illness com-
pels sacrifice: none but competent men with cash
considered. Address Cbronos. box 67, Call Office.
INTEREST IN WHOLESALE AND
tl retail liquor business; ■ amount -required
$2500 to $3000: also leasehold, goodwill, fixtures
and furniture of a hotel doing good business:
amount required $1200. For particulars address
1. L. L., Santa Rosa. , .-•-■-.■.... „ r
ROCERY STORE with a GOOD as-
Ijr sorted stock doing a large family trade. This
is a fine opportunity to get Into a good paying
business. Particulars of J. B. MIHAN, 509
Kearny st . . v ■ •' __ ■• ' ' ' '" ;
STABLI^HED MANUFACTURING BUBI-
X _ ness recently incorporated offers active Inter-
est stock for sale: fine opportunity to extend
trade: fullest Investigation; references given and
required; principals only. Address lock box 194,
San Jose, Cal.
_______________________ __— — ______
jjirn RESTAURANT; GOOD BUSINESS;
<$p i O U. value in sight; sellipg on account of
sickness; bargain. 107 Sixth st
<_Q"7K.' COAL AND WOOD YARD; GOOD
<JpO I «J. business: must sell at once; engine and ■
boiler worth the money given. Call 810 Sixth.
OL'TAfi FOR SALE - STEAM LAUNDRY,
tip I \J\J. doing good cash business: good reason
for selling. For particulars address San Luis
Steam Laundry, San Luis Oblspo, Cal.
au-i j-c SALOON, BE. COR. BATTERY AND
<£)_ D_ . Vallejo sts. ; great bargain; living-rooms
upstairs; must be sold this week. ;
pOFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE: GOOD BUSI-
\J ness and location. Apply this office. • ■ -
© I£n FINE SALOON: 4 LIVING-ROOMS:
<_) _OU. fine stock and fixtures; billiards and
pool. 171b Clara st • . ■
CANDY-STORE FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST.
Bargain. ■: ■ ■ " ■'■■.' ; .
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. ■ M., box 2, CalL ,
nOALYARD FOR SALE; BEST BARGAIN
\J ever offered; horses, wagons, etc.; long lease;
house-rent free. Apply Call Office. -• ' ' . . -
©1 QfM\ BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
tIpXOv/w. sale district; money-making place;
must be sold at once; owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE & WOLF, 631 Cal'a.
<BM 9F\ RESTAURANT: DOINGGOOD BUSI-
«Ip I— «J. ness: fine place for man and wife; av-
erage receipts $15 per day. . MEEKS & CO., 865%
Market st -- .
©1 en EXPRESS BUSINESS; GOOD
*4pX«JU. stand; -clearing $80 per month; sold
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205
Larkin at.
®*}^fl SALOON; 3 ROOMS; RENT $227
<_)— iOU. bargain. WILKE A WOLF. 531 (':■ 'a.
<BtlftP\n BLACKSMITH, HUiWtSaotii.iu
tIDXUtJv/. business; clears $125 month; corner;
shop* tools; stock; party going East. Owner, box
6, Call Office, Oakland. . .■ • • .
OG RANCH FOR SALE— 36 HEAD HOGS;
some breeding sows, horse, wagon; swill
route; good bouse: large lot outside city: all for
$250. Apply at 724% Natoma st
FOR . SALE— PALACE SHOE STORE IN
flourishing county seat town: established 16
years. For particulars address Box 446, Ukiah.
/"I BOCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VT Apply this office; no agents.
T7IOR SALE— TAILOR-5H0P, 204 POWELL, ON
X/ account of - sickness. For particulars call at
Humboldt Hall, corner Powell and Ellis sis.
©inn BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES;
<IP IUU. rent $18. 1806 Howard st.
E-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
sale cheap on. account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or buslaess of equal value In
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission.
ffltTftO FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR,
tip I W. cheap rent; 3 living-rooms and stable;
no opposition; a rare opportunity. Inquire Call
Office. . . . : . . :
Q~l 00 BUYS HALF INTEREST IN BEST
«3jX \J\.f paying business In the city; no com eti-
tlon: call and Investigate. 617 Jones, near Geary.
TpOR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
X 1 and cleaning: good reasons for selling. Address
by letter. C. BONNARD, 218 Fourth st., Santa
Bosa.
rpo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25
Apply C. DICKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st '•■■■■ ■-.--- ■ •
T?OR BENT. UNFURNISHED— THE "GRAN-
X? It* House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame bo.el,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms; In good repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra inducement)
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom. Cat
ITY N_WSP_PKR FOR SALE— DEVOTED
/ to the residents of the Mission district; present
owner has made It pay, though very sick; good op-
portunity to Increase income. Address T. F. 8.,
box «2, this office: or apply at this office for partic-
ulars.
IF YOU HAV_-A_*YT_.i.'»_.\i_ o_ 7
or exchange call on us; there Is no equal to our
quick sales: never heard of It, and we always have
snaps for buyers; come at once. Columbia, 128
Fourth st
"ANTED—YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
with as; will sell it in 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
5-LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: NICE - CLE AY ."
and in good order: always plenty on hand. J. B. •'
322 Pacific st, basement '
nOOD PAYING CYCLERY; GOOD WHEELS;'
VT best location. W. CRANE. 324 Post st
lodging-houses fob sajus.
T^SoomsTfine c0rner..,..."... «]ko
XUIO-room bouse, worth $1000; price ' ' 400
40 rooms: fine for transient. .. *"* 700
20 rooms on Fourth st, 0n1y... , ••---• gn 0 •
16 rooms on Taylor at..... .' £,"""' 750
46 rooms on Market 5t.. ...... *"* **** 25011 '
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st,' opposite Fifth.
1 ft" M HOUSE ON SIXTH ST.; PRICE
XO $560; payments. DECKER, 1020 Market
$650 ROOMING-HOUSE, OPP. BALDWIN.
fJPUOU 1 . Hotel; 37 rooms; partly , furnished
must be sold immediately! account of sickness-
must leave city. MEE KS <fc CO., 865% Market -
Q. 1 "hotel. NEAR~"UNION .
tJ)l_Utr. iron Works; low rent: aellins- ac-
count of death. BRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
<KfV7F; ROOMING-HOUSE OF 15 ROOMS 7
rS>\HO. finely furnished: centrally • located- .
permanent roomers. MEEKS & CO., 865% M '«■
ket st. v "
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR BELL A LOD~
X lng-honse, See T. LUBELSKI, 7City Hall aye. .
fl> IOC LODGING-HOUSE, 9 ROOMS; WELL'
«JP l*~*J. furnished: near Market st: must be
sold to-day. M. LESS cfc CO., 783% Market st
Q. 700 ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSINESS;.
i®i\i\J. 46 rooms; good location; thoroughly-
cleaned and renovated; clearing $100 month-
cheap rent. 115 Second st
T^OR SALE-GREAT BARGAIN: 15-ROOM:
X house; good location: rooms all mil; nicely fur-
nlshed. B. A., box 60, Call Office. o
1 A ROOMS: ALL RENTED; STEADY ROOM-
x ers; bargain if sold at once. S.. box 113, CalL
BOARDING AND LODGING HOUSE FOB
1 sale; near city front; will be sold cheap, In-
quire at 39 Pacific st . '
ILL SELL YOUR LODGING-HOUSE IJf'
'' 2 days or treat Columbia. 128 Fourth st
_^ FUKNITCRE FOX SALE. "
IpURNITURfc OF 2 ROOMS AND KITCHEN,
JL and wood. 276 Clara st " -
GOOD ROOM ING IS ROOMS; BATH
$25. 47 Tehama at . ■
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOB .
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
T7WRE SALE • : ~ ~~~.
.-Prices stand till Roods are completely dt>
posed of.
Oak bed seta.. „......., i...518 51
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves .-..._ 750
Carpets, peryard...... ._, 55
Linoleum, per yard — 55
Matting, peryard...'....'.............;........ 10
; ' Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. ~ Till such time we are conducting business: I
at SE.' corner UevenUi • and , Mission sta. .J. -
NOONAN. ___^
Al\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;.
_Ul/ stoves, $5: parlor sets. $20: fo>d lng- beds. -
$10; bed-l—ngea, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW .." 174"
T: _edloangeti trimmed with plush... ...$5 50
Brussels Carpet 1aid...... .....45c up
Enslish Linoleum, 1aid................;. 40c
Window shades In 6c010r5.."....-..v....... ' .25oua'
SHIREK _ SHIREK, 747 Market st. opposica
t-rant avenue: no branch stores. -
yußariTuius : wanted.
ECOND-H AND FURNITURE WANTED TO
O fill country orders: I will pay good price*. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. " ~^ P f *
pALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 601 CALIFORNIA.
\J If you want highest cash price for your furnl-
ture. carpets, pianos or merchandise of any kind,
AMALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOBS
XV than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. S Fourth at,
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FUKNI-
J- tnre and merchandise see BURP, Hi Larkin.
I3KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURS
J-j send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market
BASCH. 321 SUITER, WaNTS FURNIT
k->« tore, saloons and merchandise: highest priosv
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE."
• carpets, piano. 1135 Market; teL Jesile 7aC■«^^s«<^^^jsstHsSs«___L - iET * " '
7 1 f SUTTER, NEAR T*VIOB - I
« XX. choice; elegant; spacious; reasonable. • |
A PPRKCIA TED IF sKEN-80 MORRIS A YE.,
-n. off Harrison st., near Sixth: sunny house o» 5
rooms: good order; 813; water free: yard- ce»ar
H^f ; '8 4 l 0 LA 3 K .^ e rh°, M U 8; YAKD^-AS-:
l\l A BRYANT, NEAR FIFTH — virir
0i "A dwelling: 3 rr oms , separate ylrdTsio! '
ST. SO HO .USE OF 3 ROOMS. 202 PERry
vl> 1 -OU. St., JUB toff Fourth; water free.
ITTOUfsE-4 LARGE ROOMS- YARD- kfyt
jfes-o 0 . a^aclfii" 3^ R h D -sU^blu
1 51 ON - -BAY-WINDOW MODERN
JLtJX+s house of 7 rooms; large basement- yard-
fine marine view; half-block frlm Jackson -iu^
416 Y >, DE r HC i USE OF 7 ROOMS~AND .
rtx\j bath. Inqnlre a: 418.
: - S , ROoMS '. HALL, YARD; RENT 99.
138 Hickory aye.
437 FELL^rHOUBE7~6 ROOMS: BATH,
-* I ya.rd, cellar. Apply 601 Hayes st.
/CONVENIENT HOUSE; 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
v- St., off Howard, near Seventh. - ■ -
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'' ««« people richu BALDWIN «_ HAM-
WOND 10 Montgomery at,
FURNISHED HOUSES.
pOTTAOE 6 ROOMS~ AND BATH NEATLY
VJ furnished. 3935 Twenty-flfth St., nearCt-nrch.
L'-U ILhM —i- LK> I«HKD FLAT ui-' _
x rooms; modern Improvements;. rent very mod* '
crate. 1425 Sacramento St., near Hyde. ;
r°" RENT— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE
• X during June, July and August: fine lawn and
centrally located; terms 9160 in advance for the
three months to the right party. Address box
65, Mercury Office, San Jose. .
CEVEN-ROOM HOI'SE FOR SALE; EVERY"
Q thing new: no agents. Apply Call Office.
COTTAGES TO LET. ,
J ON EsT^E^T^NION^ND
&XOW. Filbert; neat cottage; 4 rooms and
bath. Apply to S. c. CAPP & CO.. House Brokers
and Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery su
<J>l 4 COTTAGE 6 ROOMS: CELLAR fFREE
Ql-j. water. Call 325 Fifth st.
JOKES-COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; AR.
ranged for 1 or 2 families.
C OTTAGE. 811 Vi GOLDEN GATE AYE.. OP-
posite Jefferson .-Square; 6 rooms, bath; hot and
cold water; basement; garden; rent 920.
O{ll NICK CLEAN SUNNY COTTAGE— 643
<C?X_r. Minna su. beu Seventh and Eighth.
TO LET-COTTAGE 3 ROOMS, 16BYLNGTON
J. aye. Apply 1621 O'FarreU sU
9 COTTAGES: 3 AND 6 ROOMS, BATH-
x cheap. Apply 2643 Bryant St.. nr. Twenty-fifth.
St 1 Q t\() WITH WATER, ELEGANT COT-
t^XU.O\J. taste: 5 rooms: bath; gas-fixtures:
cellar and large yard. 438 Seventh st.
ft 1 A EaT COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
£>-!-■_•. bath. 1831 Union, near Laguna.
CJ7 t\fi COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD OR-
t|T I .%J\J. der; water free, Apply premises 945
Bryant su, near Eighth, or room 79, 628 Mont-
Komery.
FURNISHED FLATS.
"T^_rOo_sfEß^ r 6'su3^Yß^_«rrc__S_JPl
-L afternoons. 800 a Webster st.
9QI : 4 1 BUSH- UPPER FLAT OF 5 SUNNY
-* — 'X— >g rooms and bath :rent reduced ; good view.
FLATS TO LET. . •
ToldaLelplacE, OFF GOLDEN GATfiXvE^
X_; _r. Hyde— 3 large sunny rooms; no children.
T7ILATS; BEST IN THE CITY; 912 TO 914.
J Apply 416 Capp st.
"I OA7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
X(j\J % flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
1:99 SIXTH— 2 FLATS, 4 AND 6 ROOMS;
«J_i _ 1 bath; suitable for lor 2 families; rent
reasonable. • - • ... , .
171 A OCTAVIA— LOVELY MIDDLE FLAT, 7
11" rooms, bath; modern Improvements; rent
reasonable. ' ~» ,
lift FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
XXO rooms and bath; 928. . -
FREE RENT GIVEN TO GOOD TENANTS
(half to one month) ; - prices from 96 up.
SPECK A CO., 602 Market st. . ■
E RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
treat people right. BALDWIN <_ HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. . .. ■ - •
LEGANT FLAT ON SHOTWELL; CHEAP
J- to good tenant. . SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
Ql r~ca"~eleoast NEW~S BOOM SUN-
<PIO.OU. Ny upper fiat. 2974 Twenty-third
st., near Harrison.
ODERN LOWER FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH.
2816 Golden Gate aye., near First aye. .
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS: BATH;
garden: 913 and 916. 1706 Post st.
1 FIFTEENTH. NR. HOWARD— 2 NEW
lu-l flats, just finished: 6 rooms, bath; 918.
~Q> 1 Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THlR-
«JxO..teenthsU above Valencia. <■,_!.:; _- \
TWO NEW • FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
X water free; Twenty-fifth and Folsom ats. Ap.
ply in store below or 28*2 Folsom si. "
ft.Q9 f»H BEE THAT ELEGANT NEW
<rO— '.t-JU. sunny 6-room house 612 Gnerrerosu
rjO A FOLSOM— S SUNNY ROOMS, JUST
I d"± finished; large yard; 918.
1 1 07 HOWARD— UPPER PART OF
J. 1 U I house; 6 rooms and bath; rent low. .
_Q7 PAGE— FLAT OF 7 LARGE ROOMS;
1O I all new Improvements.
91 Q/i O'FARBELL, NR. BRODERICK-SUN-
— ixOtt ny side, large 5 room flat with bath and
other modern conveniences; has 2 extra large
separate rear rooms; rent reduced to 920. ..
UN NY MODERN 6-ROOM UPPER FLAT.
356 Clementina at. .
* /79QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
4_.t/ bath; light, sunny yard. v-: -
LAT 3 ROOMS; SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
rent 910. 1325 Sacramento su
990 TENTH ST.— UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
a— bath; modern improvements; yard; base-
menU : ' •
T OVELY NEW BAY-WINDOW .FLAT; 4
Xi rooms: yard: bath. 417 Twenty-second st.,
near Howard. - «^_
TTPPER FLAT; 5 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH; IM-
-1 U provements; 914. 1857 Lexington st., near
1 Twentieth. •
TTPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; 912. 1123 BROAD-
vJ way, near Leavenworth. ■
£99 ELLIS— OF 2 LARGE SUNNY
U_._j rooms; separate entrance; yard, etc.
COAa TUB _T~lfWO FLATS7~4 BOOMB
— >_ <l/ each: rear. .
BRIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 5
rooms; bath; marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, off Sacramento su, below Mason; nice
neighborhood. ' Apply 320 Sansome, room 4.
<J_ 9fk ELEGANT UPPER FLAT: BAY-WIN'-
O— '"• dows; 6 large rooms and bath; modern
Improvements. 611 Greenwich su .
PPER AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
J rooms; very convenient; 97 and 98. 941 _ry-
anu [ _.
STO UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS; BATH.
«J>J_ iJ . 1625Va Pine st., above Van Ness aye.
991 Q FIFTEENTH, NEAR CASTRO-BT.
__li 7 cars; 5 sunny rooms, bath; low rent.
A did TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
rt\J I V Castro cars; lovely sunny upper fiat of 5
rooms; modern Improvements; rent only 916;
water free. ' - '
1 A QQ MCALLISTER. NR. SCOTT— MODERN
liOi? flat; 6 rooms; bath; 927 60; water free.
©I 7 6 SUNNY BOOMS; MODERN . IM-
C X I . .provements. 20 Albion aye., off Fifteenth
su, bet. Valencia and Guerrero. \
T OWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
_ side of street; rent 99 a month. 416 RiDgold
sU, bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
•JVEAR CITY HALL: ELEGANT FLAT OF 6
—■V rooms: latest improvements; 923. 143 Grove.
nCit'l MCALLISTER — FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
|_.Uii modern Improvements: rent reduced.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 98 10 916.
WEEK'S NEWS FOB 6 CENTS — THJ»
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING- ROOMS.
California Street.
9£Ql CALIFORNIA ST.-3 ELEGANTLY
-iJOi furnished rooms and bath for house-
keeping; cheap. Call fore 1 p. m.
Clara Street.
1 DA CLARA— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED: BEP-
IUi arate apartments: rent 98 50; key 231 Clara.
Ellis Street.
CAQ ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
0 1/O complete for housekeepng: large yard; 915.
roil ELLIS— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
OO£ rooms, with bath. 1 -:
Fifth Street. ■ ■ . ■-.■■ ■ ■
OTA FIFTH-SUNNY BEDROOM; KITCHEN;
Ox X bath: water, sink; no children; private; 98.
I'oisora Street. •
QQK FOLSOM— 2 ; SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
i'i)t) rooms; furnished; use of bath; separate
yard: 99. ' .. . :■■.-■ -. -■
1 f\A Q A FOLSOM— TWO SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
I \JrttJ nlshed for housekeeping ; two closets; 910-
Geary St e«(.
91 71 GEARY (REAR)— THREE SUNNY
£1 • a housekeeping rooms. Key, 217.
m~ GEARY — 5 LARGE UNFURNISHED
rooms. • • •
•I Ql 1 GEARY ST.,. OPP. PARK— ALCOVE-
X'JX -L suite, adjoining room, with porcelain
sink, . 3 ■ closets, . bath;, furnished housekeeping
rooms. - ■': : : •■ : . ■ --."-'
fnq PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
<Jr!«O. sewing-room, bath, kitchen; ail neces-
saries. 1917 Geary su
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
OolUen Uate Avenue.
Ql Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 COMPLETELY
toveT furniBhed housekeeuins rooms, $16; gas
Harriet Street. :.
OQ HARRIET - 2 LARGE FURNISHED
- d V rooms for housekeeping. • ■
Hermann Street.
OX HERMANN, NEAR -VALENCIA— I OR 3
*-tJ rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
• Howard Street. ".-; ;. '
746 S? WARD TWIT HOUSEKEEPING
< Jl> room*: rent $9. ■ , . T
7ft] 1 HOWARD - NICELY FURNISHED
Jt^?JSgSg"* BUUe fOr toOß.wie.ping:
1203p I r?vYttfl_ru^ o c^p KKEPINOBO^
1431 ro^r^t hSS™SB
1755 ? OWABft REAR FOURTEENTH-
Cheap; ; g» I£gg_1 £gg_L BI "?' bay-window alcove, kitchen;
5 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; HOTJKir"
keepiug; fine location; $26. 2420 Howard st ■
- Linden Avenue.
OQ LINDEN AYE., OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
*-t<J Hayes— Large nniurnlshed room stove.
. ' Jkllnns street. ; .
t\A.Q MINN A-2 LARGE ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
— ' -:C I keeping. .-
Mission street.
XCI MISSION. NEAR SECOND — 3 SUNNY
*J\JX rooms, furnished light housekeeping; also
two. ■■•-■
C\*-iX MISSION — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
000 room, $8: sunny basement of 3 rooms, $10.
191 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOU&E-
I — it' keepine rooms: gas; bath; no children.
1 999 MISSION — 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FUR-"
JL_j_._. nisbed complete for housekeeping; hot
and cold water.
"Natoma Street.
79fi NATOMA — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
I ■— <U room, with use of kitchen.
7J.1 NA'IOMA ST.— 3 FURNISHED FRONT
I Jtx rooms; light housekeeping; bath and gas. . '
in tit Street.
9 A NINTH. Nil MARKET— FRONT BAY-
— Jv/ window suite and kitchen: gas; reasonable, j
1 Ot'l NINTH BT.-HOUSEKEEPING
-L — Uj; single and en suite; $ to $8.
«j'i»ir«'li Street.
_IQI O'FARRELL — SUNNY FURNISHED
"Ol rooms for housekeeping.
Polk Street.
Qiq POLK-SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
i/IO nished alcove;with bath, running water, gas.
etc.; new carpets and furniture; also kitchen;
newly furnished floor four rooms; reasonably
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, CORI MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
Perry Street.
9"| PERRY — PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
— iX housekeeping; suite or single; cheap.
Scott Street.
m SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
-110 ing rooms; partly furnished for housekeep-
ing
1(A 1 A SCOTT— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
-LUx.tr rooms, bath, garden: rent reduced: call
afternoon.
Second Street.
Hr SECOND — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
XX V nished housekeeping rooms; yard; cheap.
Seventh street.
100 SEVENTH — LARGE, SUNNY. FUR-
J.OU nished housekeeping rooms; veranda and
yard; reasonable.
Washington Street.
SAO WASHING TON — SUNNY UNFUR-
*J\JZj nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
BOOHS TO LET.
: V Bush Street.
1 flOfl BUS H — BEAUTIFUL SUNNY UN-
J-V/OU furnished parlor; also furnished rooms. :
Eddy Street.
41 A* EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHKD
tt.LvJ room for gentleman, in private family. j
"I (\O(\ EDDY, NEAR FILLMORE-UNFUR-
X*J*J\J nished rooms; grate; closet: bath; gas-
private family; (6. - --V-' •/,
Eighth Street. .
QHERMAI? I APARTMENT HOUbB, 28 BTH'
0 St., near Market: furnished and nnfnrnlshed.
iVi;;..- V;'.:. tills street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
HART, manager— A quiet boose; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
DOSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IO(I ROOMS
XV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself; open all night.
.Fifth Street.
©Q - SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN: BATH-
<4pO. water; no children; private. 314 Fifth at.
tieary >treet.
91 71 GEARY, REAR— TWO FURNISHED
AX i 2 rooms: key 217.
Qf)| GEARY — ELEGANT SUNNY BAY-
OV/J. window rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
also single room; folding bed: corner flat.
QnuAGEAKY— SUNNY suite FOR LADY
UV/O or couple: also single room; private.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS-
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, 810
per mo. up. 1101 <ieary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
1 GEARY, NR. CORNER OCTAVIA— 3
X^\J\J elegant furnished rooms, for gentlemen
only: all modern conveniences.
OolUen Gate Avenue. -
91 Q GOLDEN GATE SUNNY FRONT
_<_. O room, suitable for 2; single 85 up.
9<)n GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY iT
O£d\J cove suite; housekeeping if Jdesired; also
single rooms; reasonable. . . .
OO£* GOLDEN. GATE, CORNER LARKIN-2
OOU large sunny front rooms; light housekeep-
ing, if de ired ; $10 per month.
Grove Street.
1 AC GROVE — NEWLY FURNIBHED BIN-
X\JO gle front room rent «4. _^
Howard Street.
1"1 9Qa HOWARD — ELEGANTLY FU R-
■LJ-— nished single room, closet, bath; rent
reasonable; an American family; none but quiet,
sober people need apply.
1 *>Z\A HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY
J. _._»*_ window room; suitable lor one or two;
cheao: every convenience.
•Jessie Street.
Ql Ql JESSIE— LIGHT SUNNY FURNISHED
OX O2 rooms; reasonable. / •
Jones Street.
907 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
_. \J I management: elegant sonny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc; 810 to -3U.
*»> oarny street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLBAS-
X— ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clau
.in every respect ; terms reasonable.
Larkln Street.
A9Q LARKIN — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
T^t7 nicely furnished; rent reasonable. : ■- •
Ql 7 LARKIN— NICE BUNNY FURNISHED
OX I rooms; rent 96.* - •
, Leaven— rorth Street.
AS) A LEAVENWORTH, COR. O'FARRELL-
"i_j _: 2 front connecting rooms, with dressing-
room and private bath; also front bay-window
rooms; house entirely renovated ; newly furnished.
Linden .-* venae.
LINDEN AVK. - 3 NICE SUNNY
— .Otc rooms; planked yard; closet; rent cheap.
Uuknr street.
■\7OSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
X night. 35c to «1; week. »1 80 to $8: families.
1991 MAKKET, BET. EIGHTH AND
X£*UX Ninth— Single front room: * 4. . .
"I OTA MARKET, NEAR JONEs — FRONT
XOWJ suites, with or without carpets; modern
conveniences. . .
Minna Street. - -
79 MINN A— NEATLY FURNISHED
II- rooms: 75c and *1 per week.
p.a*7 MINNA. COR. EfGHTH~NEWLY FUR.
Uy I nished bay-window rooms; 91 a week. -
i .'<<>hlllil Slioei,
rpHE WILSON HOUSE, 776 MISSION. NEAR
X Fourth— New fireproof building: CO elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements' ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day..-
UROPK HOUSE, llb» MISSION— NICELY
J furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
. Ninth Street, i "
9A NINTH ST., NEAR MARKET-FRONT
£d\J suite or single for 1 or 3 persons; rent 916-
-gas; grate; water. -. . ■ -■ ■-. .; ■- ■.■■■:.-■■.. ■._■
■-. .. Oak Street. \ '■ ~. ':
• '<» X■K ■ FURNISHED ROOMS FOR RKBPECTA-
ijpiJ. ble working women; private day home for
children. . 48 Oak st. ..
fine Street.
Q9AD PINE-SUNNY FURNISHED PARLOR;
_>ZU folding bed; bath: 910. .
mPINE. BET. DUPONT , AND STOCK-
ton— Furnished rooms; f 5 and 97 a month.
THE SAN FRA: CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 126, 189<
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Seventh Street.
1 qr« seventh— nTckly FURNISHE
-LOU front single rooms; 91 a week. - • '.••*"
' Seventeenth Street..-*-
QAQ.A SEVENTEENTH* ST.. NEAR VALF.N-
UIUI eta— A nicely furnished bedroom in a
private family. . -? •
Sixth Street.
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
nicely lnrnlshed, double and single.
Stevenson Street.
aO(\ STEVENSON-CHEAP SUNNY ROOMS;
\J/U\J single or double.
Stockton street.
909 1 STOCKTON— FRONT SUITE, UNFUR-
_.v/_ -2 nlshed, with carpets: suitable for office.
1 7AO STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
X \\JO nlshed complete for housekeeping; cheap.
butter Street.
~,A A SUTTER. COR POWELL-SUNNY FR'NT
U\J\J suite, furnished or unfurnished: other rooms.
7AO SUITER, COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT
• V/«J furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
Taylor Street.
"I AQ TAYLOR- LARGE DOUBLE ROOM;
X\JQ closet: running water: 92 a week.
K99 TAYLOR ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
V^— ' sunny rooms; gentlemen preferred; re-
spectable. . , , ,
Third Street. . ;
THIRD-2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
°*- >^ r housekeeping: free water: rent 6.
. . . Valencia Street -
204 A , V ALENCIA-Sl NNY BAY-WINDOW
«*,f •'cove; also large sunny room for man and
wife or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable,
v ; Van Ness Avenue. • . «
794 VAN NESS - FRONT SUNNY HALL-
-1 */i room; »6: no sign. ' - •
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Q->9 GEARY -- LARGE SUNNY FRONT
«_»— _j rooms, with board; also single rms; «20 up.
1 990 McALLII »TEK-FINELY FURNISHED
J -- — v sunny rooms, with or without board.
712£2k t c £ la * gb sunny ROOMS
1 x^. with board, 920 per month.
621 P ia N^ 8T «~ INFANTOR CHILDREN TO
care °° ara: refined home; sunny yard; best of
1715 P^ LX XOK MANDIE)-ELEGANT
nt.l2» rooms, single ana suites; newly fur-
refertnceT 118 *X M * "-cl«ws 'family-hotel;
708 AKRELI> (CHANGED HANDS)-
board nt rooms; suite Or single; flrst-dass
HS?«iV BE . StII^O. 714 BUSH-A FAMILY
" notet : references given and required; alimoa-
CHILDREN BOARDED.
Tj A^^WlsT3_F?m_^T : o~B^AßD: GOOD
-*- home: moiher's care 931 Clay, near Powell.
INFANT, OR SMALL CHILD; MOTHER'S
Grov"™su * re: 6nnil " ai<l i reasonable. 1636
fSr > i RM^ AN ' W «MAN WISHES CHILDREN TO
vj board; mother's care; good home. 318Twenty-
foorth corner Treat aye.. over frultstore.
STORES TO LET.
mo LET-PART OF STORK 104% STOCKTON
-L siroot. ■ _^ . r
70iSf° ~ DEIjICATESSEX STORE TO
• VU let; tenant just moved out; rent 918; busi-
ness established ; rooms In rear ; fine chance for
somebody. •
OFFICES TO LET.
rpHREE PA HTLY F%KNTsT_£^r6^)MiCALL
X facing Market st. : rent $30. 1 Taylor st.
Q9QI AND 707 SUTTER-CHOICB FOR OF-
yJ*dV% fices and residence combined; reasonable.
9A O'FARRELL-SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
-• v with electric lights, elevator and janitor ser-
vices.
Q 'JO MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
t/OO various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
yj Offices 910 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM*
PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building ■■
or <;, H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st. I
'.. STABLES TO LET.
TJEAUTIFUL' LA RGB "STABLE;"' 'i'iiTTihlA-
XJ fornla st. : rent cheap. Apply room 26. Chroul-
cle building. • ■ . • ; •-■;•; • •
. ■:' - ..\.,- : ... . MEDICAL. -. ..,;::. . I
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE^
stored In a few hoars: s-fe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential. ■■
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkin. '
MRS. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BK-
-U. fore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. '
R. MAUD ELF.CTRIC PHYSICIAN,
chronic diseases a specialty. 1066 Market st.
SYCUO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PARALY-
sis, rheumatism. Insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all kinds of aches and pains, nervous
prostration anil general debility, without medicine;
no charge unless cured. Room 11, 8 Mason st.,
cor. Market. -
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI-i-
X ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 2b4^ Fourth sL
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS, DR. SCOTT."
216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
"M ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
— "• all female diseases treated; expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 236 Kearny st., room 9.—
A MRS. DR. WEGEMER, PRIVATE HOME
. for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dies before and during confinement: all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, 92; infallible preventa-
tivea, 91. 419 Eddy sU
ANEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home- all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
DR. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST?
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.-
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
. from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately, prices to suit
tue times; home in connuemenu DR. <s MKs.
DAVIKS. 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, 92.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OK
i-f diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day ■ cure or no charge: separata
home for patients: best skill; medical altend-
nce; low tees, regulator. «_ 1370 Market su
MRa WALLACE — MAGNETIC HEALER;
a*A rheumatism successfully treated. 20 \'., Stock-
ton st. - * -\ »
CURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASED
VJ from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk su »"""»». "7
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE?
1 don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254Vfc 4th!
DX. hall, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
.Jod»b. pases of women and children.
A HOME. AFKIKNIJAND MOTUEK'SCARE."
A MRS. DR. FUN K'S. 1416 Eighth BU.Alamoda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLH-A BOON TO
ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure; 92 50 _•* press 0. O. D.; don't delay
nntil too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
DENTISTS.
"CURST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
J. prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. c. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 600 Sutler St., corner Powell.
R. L. T. CRAN-— EXTRACTION PAINLESS
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. . 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
/ IBOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J keu bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
Inn *6; fillings frm $1; extracting 60c, with gas 91.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES
DR. HARDCASTLE.62B Montgomery, rm. 1.
(2J7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
%p I good as can be made: filling 91. Dr. SIMMS
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Thrater. ■•
"|*JK. LLDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST."
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
17ULL SKT OF TKK'lil, 97; WARRANTED
X" five years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DX H.
G. YOUNG. 1841 polk SU ■ ■ JT
I JR. GEORGE W. LKEK. • THJS GENUINE
XJ Le«k dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plat., moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st
T>AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, 95 up: 13 vearV
experience. ■ R. L. WALaH. D.D.S.. 815.1,4 Geary.
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIIiUE-"
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. .
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. MAK-
ketsu DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. -.. ,}
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, CORTgOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A LL WORK . REASONABLE , AND War.'
A ranted. - DR. J. W. KKY. lisa Mantot £
ITY REAL ESTATE.
i PROPEKT"* TT~
iS ALWAYS Rl> P T V I . « ( » ST -:
s^ll 000 A STORK AND 3 ROOM-J AND '
«C *-X .l/V/v'. two handsome -. flats of 7 and 9 :
room* and bath, nearly new a.d In first-class con- !
aitiou; pays $1050 per annum: lot 'JbxlOO feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
■■ 638 Market street. '
VINE PROPKHTY. '■ ■ " ■ ,- .-.'■ . : .. "
:■ A SUBSTANTIAL RESIDENCE.
Mi" SI BK SOLD.
QfiFinn A WELL-BUILT HOUSE OF 10
t£i\JU\J\J. rooms ami bath on the north side of
Pacific aye., nr Polk st: let 26:3x100 feet.
' EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.. '
i ■ 638 Market street.
A 5 ELEGANT CORNER. -• ■ • ■ .- V.
A willYa y _?g BR mPKOVED
'ftfi'^O NW " CvR I t » UTTER AND BAKER:
tP\J~.O\J. lot 42:3x87:6: present Improvements
a 10-rrom house; could be remodeled into slore
and flat a ; reduced for immediate sale from 87500
EASTON. ELDRIDGK A CO.
638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. : ~ ~ " : ~~ ~
CHOICE HOME.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION • .
QFLKfiO A KINE 2-STORY RESIDENCE
is*JO\J\J. of 8 rooms and bath on N. side of
Grove st., near Buchanan; lot 25x137:6; recently
reduced fro in $6500; must be sold.'
tAS'IQX, ELDRIDGE A CO.. •
■ . . 638 Market st.
INVESTMENTS. '' ~ r ~~- ~~~"
CHOICE PROPERTIES.
ALL bargains.
©r,r.nn 2 mxk flats OF 5 and 6
*$i)O\J\J. rooms and bath on Shotwell St., nr.
14th; nearly new: in Rood condition; pays over
«500 per annum; lot 25x1-20 feet.
<n»jrvnrk NORTHEAST COR. OF UNION
(jpiviuU. and Stelner sts — -Astorcand 4 rooms:
lot 37:6x62:6 feet. •■
CJIQQQO 9-ROOM HOUSE, .USED AS 2
«jr>000«. flats, on 12th St., nr. Howard: cen-
trally located; street In Al condition; lot 21x87:6
feet.
©Qfinn FINE TENEMENTS ON CLARA
r_!Ovvv. St., nr. 6th; paying 510 per month;
always rented; reduced from $4000; lot 23:11x80
feet. .
. . EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., .
" '__ 638 Martet su ■
L. BREtsSE * CO., REAL ESTATE
• Agents. 412 Pine st.
$350 — Bargain: must be sold by Thursday, 2
p. M. ; corner 80s61 feet: Lakeview, cor. Lakeview
and Arlington aye. ;2 lots only: near racetrack ■
cost owner $1000 cash; title guaranteed by Cali-
fornia Title Insurance Company.
ARTY WOULD LIKE TO BORROW $ 650 ON
-L good collateral security. Address F., box 37,
Call ,
I JUNE BUILDING LOT ON BROADWAY,
near Jones st. ; any offer wanted. SPECK &
CO.. 602 Market st. _!___•
C CHOICE LOTS. ~"~ TIME TO BUY.
\J SPECIAL BARGAINS. ..
f4500-Paclflc aye., nr. Baker, 27:6x127:8.
$4200— Putter st., nr. Devisadero. 30:6x164.
$4000— NW. cor. Church and Army. 88x80. .
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights.
50xli!7:8. ■ • . . . . /*
«3500-Washington,nr. Devisadero. 30x127 ;BVi.
$3260— Vailejosu, nr., Lyon 61:6x137:6.
. $3000— Baker St.. nr. Oak, 25x96:10.
$2250— Ashbury St., nr. Fell, 25x112:6.
$2100— (layton si., nr. Pace, 25x106:3.
$2000— Filmore St., nr.' Filbert, 25x100.
$1500— Corner 1 6t», nr. Seventeenth aye., 67 :6 x
100.
Chenery St., nr^tfateo, 60x100.
*1 100— Lake St., nr. cdßfornla, 25x102:6.
$1050— Second aye., Dr. California st., 25x120.
$800—1 st., ur. Twelfth aye., 25x100.
•760— aye , nr. California t>t.; 25x120.
$400— Twenty-fifth aye., nr. Pt. Lobo*, 26x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO., =
638 Market st.
ARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS.
If you are looking for a home lot we advise
you to see those we are offering In the Castro-
street Addition at $360 to $400, with the
street work aoue. including grading, sewer-
ing and macadamizing.
TERMS— SS CASH, $5 MONTHLY. :
Take the Guerrero-street electric cars (Mis-
sion and Valencia transfer at Fourteenth),
ride to Chenery and Castro sts. ; our agent
there to show property and give full particu-
lars; take the rile to-day; it only takes 30
minutes from the city Hall; cars pass the ',
property. BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
. 10 Montgomery st.
RE YOU LOOKING FOR BARGAINS?
A THEN LOOK AT THESE.
•2100— items $36; large lot and 2 houses on
Shipley at., near Sixth; must be sold; lot alone is
worth $3000.
•3300— Rents $40; 2 houses of 2 flats each, con-
taining 18 rooms; choice corner: always occupied:
owner paid $4800 for this only four years ago;
this is very cheap: terms to suit- If your means
are limited don't fail to see these. 11. MURPHY.
6-JS Market st.
T7XCUANGE— SAN RAFAEL RESIDENCE; 8
XJ rooms, etc ; accepted street; value $4000: ex-
change for city residence. J. R. ROCHE, - Ban
Rafael. v
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, -built for $2600:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHKY, 1149 Mission
VORSALE. CHEAP— 2-STORY HOUSES;
X lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. ■
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS.; 95x90
it.; will subdivide: cheap for cash: also SW.
20th and Treat ay.; 26x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
"L OR SALE - ELEGANT 12- ROOM HOUSE,
X just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
Q9l PL A COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
<p«->_c»V. Just built; plastered basement: con-
crete walks in front and rear: decorated through-
out and superior to any before built in the Mission;
$350 cash and $30 per month; on Twenty-fourth-
street electric line. 4249, near Douglas su
NO "NOE CLAIM" TO OUR PROPERTY; ALL
■Li lots owned or sold by us clear of the "Nog
claim." JAME- p. McCarthy, E. avery
MCCARTHY. . .
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market st.
(JfOAriA LOT ON HOWARD ST., NR. 6TH.
iJPOUUU. with store and 16 rooms. Apply
1035 Valencia st.
CIHEAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
) Berkeley: near station: near good schools.
• 376— 89x185; $50 down. $5 monthly.
200— Lot 25x130: $5 down, $5 monthly.
•550-Lot 50x120; sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
<Sil Onn~HCrt Ii * OF 4 ROOM'S": MODERN
tJPJ-^v/V/. Improvements: 2 corner lots; one
minute from depot. Address P. BLAGROVE,
Golden Gate, Berkeley.
ffljl AZi(\ RARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
ijpX~xO\J. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, boxso. Holly Park: small payments, same as
rent. CADENASSO & CO., 512 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ T7__
->V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. _D~or 3D MORTGAGES;
—X estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, room 3.
L^ OANB ON BONDS, DIAMOND*, WATCHES,
Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments; Interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
16 Grant aye. . - . ■ ...
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
JXI. f>st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
ONKY LOANED ON JEWELRY ANO
ii other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
Market st. .or. Mason; private entrance 7 Turlc
ORTOAGKS, LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
low rates. Sylvaln Saloman A C 0. ,328 Montgy
I \inECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Rm. »8, DonoUue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS 9100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies. 831) Pine st.
OAKS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
IST <fc 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN Es-
tates :lowe»t rates: no delay .MURPHY. 62B Mrkt.
DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETO
Columbia Loan A Collateral Ofnce, 9 Grant ava.
fpOLOANBY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
X to $5000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
~~ PAWNBROKERS. ~
T 128 KEARNY ST.? ROOM "9— MONBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal j cheap. • •
HORSES. ~" *
U^CTTo7T~S^XE^oT^toltilE^r^U^GlEBi
wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables, 645
Geary, cor. Leavenworth, ever.- Tuesday at 11
o'clock. ,C. R. .- MARTIN, ■ proprietor; S. WAT-
KINS, auctioneer.
TUIOE BLACK SADDLE HORSE FOR SALE.
— > Gllmore Bros-' stable, Twelfth and Mission sts.
OUNO GENTLE HORSE. SUITABLE FOB
1 milk wagon or grocery. 1620 Mission st. '
'OR B ALE— 3O HEAD OF GOOD YOUNG
' workhorses. > 426 Valencia St. J. D. FOR.
RESTER, Salesman. .-.. ' v
CAA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
iJyjy) ness; all kinds: baggy .waeon, cart*, surrey
* ; rockaway ; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
JA HOUSES >'OK SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
"V buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction soles every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. »
H~ UKSKH PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. ' The Hyde i Ranch, 630 Commercial su '
1 CA SETS NKW AN- SECOND-HAND HAit-
XO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, baggies, horses auJ
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission su. ■
R. C H. WESTPUAL, VETERINARY BUR-
Keon for 8. F. Police Department, Office aul
hospital. 121 City Ball aye.: telephone south ML
; WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. - "
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINEM AN, 109 Sansome st.
EW AND SIiCON D-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
— I dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. ■
country REAL ESI
For SALE-COZY HOME; 5 RC
(half acre) ;■; fine place for poul <
#1800; half cash. WILLIAM LA
brae, san Mateo Co.
* BARGAIN— OPEN FOR 30 DAYS OXLY;
-T\. 160acrts in Sonoma County for 81000 with
20 acres cleared: 4 acreo in vineyard and orchard
for family use; living stream of water; fine place
for chicken or stock ranch;, terms one-half cash
and balance on time.
f)A A ACRES OF LAND; SUITABLE FOR
At^tv/ fruit, grain and fine pasture; slightly roll-
ing; located four miles' from railroad; 160 ready
for cultivation: all well fenced: plenty of water:
this land must be so d aid is offered at $8 per
acre, half the price of less than a year ago.
EDWIN K. ADSII' A CO.,
room 29, second floor, Mills building.
97 wH PER ACRE-453 ACRES FINELY
O-*l .Ou located land; 4 mU«s from Menlo
Park and Stanford University;, on main county
road: this is without question one of the best bar-
gains in the State, considering the location and
nearness to San Francisco. Call for further - parti-
culars, EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,'
• Room 29, second floor, Mills building.
1 £A-ACRE FOOTHILL RANCH; ON A GOOD
IUV road; all fenced; fair house and outbuild.
Ings; 20 acres in cultivation, 40 more good,
balance pasture: U. S. patent; some fruit; a lovely,
sightly place: 81100, half cash. D. H. TWINO,
Sonoma City. " ■ «
0 SAVE FORECLOSING MORTGAGE —
Choice lands 935 per acre; 1% hours from city.
Alameda Land Company, 57 Chronicle building.
LEG ANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
XJ and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furnishings
insured for 95000; property of H. H. DAVIS.
CHARLES COLTUN. 006 Market st.
FOR SALE — FINE HOME ON TOMALES
Bay; 5 minutes from postofflce, station and
scbooihouse; property comprises about 80 acres
first-class farm land: 8 fields, from 1 to 25 acres
each; house 1% stories; stone cellar; .= 2 barns, 1
dairy-house, granary, woodshed and several
chicken-houses; abundant spring water- well
fenced; 33 fruit trees; county roads within 100
yards: N. P. C. R. R. skirts the properly: price
only $160 per acre, half cash, balanc* on mortgage
For -particulars apply to JAMES RISCIONI,
Marshall, Marin County, (.'ai. ■ <■:'• ■;■
OCA TED IN ALAMEDA COUNTY — 320
acres of farming and grazing ."and: plenty of
water ana timber: only 9o per acre. Inquire 408
Twelfth st., Oakland, or 41 Sixth St., S. t.
<Si.l (\(U\ 104 ■ ACRE* GOOD FRUIT OR
<3) X \J\J\J. grain land near S. P. R. R.; bargain;
must sell. Address F. 11. W., 1109 Van Ness aye.
7U\{\ ACRE DAIRY, HOG AND WOOD RANCH;
\J\J\J U. S. patent; IVi miles from two stations, 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable; 40
in hay; fair house, barn, etc.; 10 springs and two
running streams of water; will carry 100 head of
stock and cut 8000 cords of oak wood: $9500: half
cash : a snap. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City, CaL
TT<OK RENT— I 2 ACRES 'OF LAND 3 MILES
-T N. of Petaluma; well Improved. Address C
box 331, Petaluma, Oil.
_A ACRES FINE LAND; HOUSE, BARS,
"V/ orchard, vineyard, wood, water, health;
cheap. M. GRiFr'lN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co., Cal.
/IONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALeT
V send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
MAI'IN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato. .- • -
Tracts cut any siz« desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land; no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to 875 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. -
KNDFOKOUB LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTKR <fe WHITTON. San Jose.
ITTL_ HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms; also 4. 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 8 partly improved,
with small house, eta D. H. TWLNG. Sonoma
City. Inquire 683 Market St.. 8. F.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
finA "BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU
*J\J\J 20 booses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from 9100 t0..: 30.000
100 business places, all kinds, from_sso to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from 9JOO to. 3,000
2 lots, Ocean View, 50x125 .. % 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent 8160 25,000
20 acres; Sonoma County; improved 1,000
40 acres near Santa R05a.. .....;.;..... 6,000
House and lot in San J05e....... 1,200
House and lot in this city. 1.600
Lodging-house of 60 rooms In city 4.000
H. C. DECKER, 10^0 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
If XCHANGE— COTTAGK and lot.twenty-
J -/".second st,, near San Pablo aye.. and business
corner lot on Sevefatn st.. O-klaul, for Improved
frulf.farm near Hay wards. Address Store, 1548
Park St., Alameda. ■ . ..
1 OQ/i ACRES TIMBER LAND, KKRN CO.;
M.£Kj\t water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6.Cail
________ '
LOST.
tVecEIPT-BOOK. LOST; IF THE BOY WHO
-It found the book on Market st. lasfSaturday aft-
e«Dooa will return it to the saloon, 602 Market at.,
he will receive reward.
OST — SUNDAY; BLACK CiOTH CAPE;
\j near Cliff House; reward. 425 Hilts st. - ]
LOST— GOLD WATCH, DIAMOND LOCKET
Xj and chain on sundn-.-. 24th,on San Bruno road,
between city and Uncle Tom's cabin; will pay rt-
ward asked. J. LEO, 14 Holt aye. -..■■■»
T OST— AMETHYST FKOM WATCH FOB.
JU Finder will be suitably rewarded by returning
to F. W. WARREN, 111-121 Poit St. _^
OST— FOX-TERRIER, 2 MONTHS OLD: 1
1 black ear; ruptured. . Return 206 Sutler st.;
reward.
S~~TOLEN— DAKK-BAY STUD: 9 YEARS OLD;
one hind foot white, with saddle and bridle.
Return to Potrero aye., bet. ■ Fifteenth and Six-
teenth sts.; if i reward; no questions asked; SUL-
LIVAN^ ;
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the name of CHRISTIAN SORENSON, No.
1961146. The finder will please return to bank.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJEUC
•£*• WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailliiK.
fok sale-miscellaneous.
GAS OR GASOLINE ENGINE, 2 HORSE-
power; shafting, pipe, belts, etc.; cheap. 948
Howard st. . ■ ■ .. ■
HEAP LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
clothes, underwear: 4 rooms and store; rent
920. 312 Third su ._.
QIX-HOKSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
0 engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 216
Bay sU -
INGEK, IMPROVED. HIGH ARM; 9IOT
2437 Mission St., near Twenty-tJrsu
LUMBER CHEAP; PINE AND REDWOOD.
XJ Inquire at Tabernacle, Oakland.
f EGHORNS, WHITE, brown" AND BUFF.
XJ $1 each; fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda. .
V r OUNG SPITZ DOGS FOR SALE. 103
X Hayes st.
G1 RE AT BARGAIN IN A BURGLAR-PROOF
T safe, with or without Sargent time lock. 42
Main street. . . .
CIOMPLKTE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OF
VJ tinner's tools land machines; cheap. Box 129,
Napa, CaL
TTIOR SALE-UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
J? register; price $25. J. L.. box 64. Call Office.
L'OK SALE— SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
JJ 10 days; price $25. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
X 1 ton hand press; alsoelgbth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
D-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
gines; various sires; guaranteed perfect order •
bargain. O. E.. box 100, Call. . . ;
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES-
X> write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
I3OILERS,ENGIJSE»,2D-II AND MACHINERY,
Xi waterptpes. . Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
turn bought at the factory saves retailer's . pro-
flu California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
ijUILDINUS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES"
I) doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE. SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burster proof safe. ' 3 09, 111 Market a..
L>IRE AND BURGLAR SAFK, LETTKK-
X 1 press, platform scales and desk;cbeap. 102 Clay.,
VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1> hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st. '
OU N T R», SHELVING. BHOWCASK3
\J bought and sold 113iyL_u_k»t bet. 7th and at- '
LEGAL NOTICES.
T^OTK^FIsTfEITEirY^IIVE^rBY^
— > th ■ Board of Directors of the San Francisco
and i-an Joaquln Valley Railway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
been called by said board, to be held on TUES-
DAY, the 16th day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon, at the principal place of business of
said company, at the building where the said
Board of Directors usually meets, namely, at the
office of said company. No. 321 Market street, in
the city and county of *au Francisco. in the State
of California: that the object of said meeting is to
consider and act upon the proposition that said
company create a bonded Indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars (96,000,000) In gold coin of the United
States, for the purpose of raising . money to com-
plete the construction and equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city and county
of San Francisco to the town of Bakersfield, In the
county of Kern, State of California, and to pur-
chase and pay for . any other property within the
purposes of said company, ■■ and to • secure - the
bonded Indebtedness so proposed to be created by
a mortgage or (rust deed ■ upon • the ratlroad and
railroad lines and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter, to be acquired by said
company. ' ...... ■.-■•-.
By order of the Board of Directors of the San
Francisco and San ;. Joaquln Valley ; Railway Com-
pany.
[Corporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACK lE,
Secretury. the San Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley Railway Company. - ' ' ■ -
: PHYSICIANS.
\y EMO VKD— DR. C. ; C. O'DONNKLL "> TO 1206
XX Market su : diseases 01 woman a specialty. ■ *• -
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the wont cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
rpWO-STORY HOUSE AND LOT IN GOOD LO-
x cation In Oakland; only 2 blocks from station;
house in first-class condition: ptuinbinsr entirely
new: will sell on easy terms or exchange for. lm-
proved or unimprov d Ban Francisco property.
Address R. P.. box 20, Call Office. * *> /
\V r E HAVE $1000 AND ALSO S2SOO AT 8 PER
.»» cent Interest, and another lund at 7Vi per
cent interest, to loan on improved Oakland real
ps;ate. If well located. • HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
TTOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
» V, m £ ms * qual to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 18 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewer*
pas and water in. ■ Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, HOWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale aia-
tlon. ~
• OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
pOTTAGE, T^O^M^T^6^lpl3rfEXY~FUß^
Vanished for housekeeping: Twenty-third ■ aye.
East Oakland; bath; hot and cold water: nil
modern conveniences: piano: nice garden; fruit
trees and chickens; electric cars pass the door;
convenient to local train for San Francisco* de-
llghttul climate. Address M. E. C, box to. Call.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FTR~\?TuiKE~4Tto7>Sls! hTscUELL^
«JpOU. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I 435 v PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
VJARCUSE <fc RKMMe'IJ CONTRACTORS
1»J and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cat., telephone 2. - .
$2200— 525 cash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2460-$25 cash, $22 50 monthly: 53x117; cot-
tace of 5 rooms and bath.
$280Jf— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
$30Q0— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
■ corner; cottage; 5 rooms.
•3250— rt rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
, Severak special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to tet from $10 up. ■ -
Open Sundays and holidays.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
/ lot. $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, $1000 cash. THOS.
F. BaIRD. 1303 Park st.
9Qrtn 5-k6OM~COTTAGE; $300 CASH
— tJ\J\r. and •-'& per month. ■ ■
$2750— 6-room cottage; $'J5O cash and $26 per
month. ...
$3000— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month. . .
"If we have nothing on band to suit, will build to
order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY. 1364 Park sU, Alameda. .
Q9KrWI LOVELY NEW COTTAGE OF 6
«jP*-t-"- MF « rooms; all improvements and street
work; easy terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
OMJKS BUILT. ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to, secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $160
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. It. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh st. . Alameda.
A SNAP— IF YOU WANT TO SEE A PRETTY
XV house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure if you wished to buy it will suit you, as It
Is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open mo-u every afternoon. GEO. B.
M.GRAY. 453 Ninth St.. Oakland. ,
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— NEW rcoTTAGE^B^ ROOMS iI^ALL
modern improvements; lawn: flowers: v rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. Mastick and
Knclnal station, Alameda. ■•.-.■.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
X^LEGANT, NEW. MODERN S-BOOM C()f-
XI tage: 40x100; $1400. F. BOKGLE, Golden
Gate station. ..-. ;
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR' SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. real estate
and builrtlpg. -'I --'3 Center si.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
OR R^NT^CHOTCEST LOCATION' IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270: fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley. . "
T^OR RENT— FUKNI6.HED 'HOUSE OF FOUR
-I rooms and hath: •25. Apply GEORGE H.
STRICKER, 2132 Shattnck aye. " ;
i->OU KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
--and piano; $30. !cOI4 Virginia st., near
Shattuck aye.. Berryman station.
1/H>R KENT— AN KLKUANT RESIDENCE OF
■1 12 rooms, Dwlght way. Berkeley;. beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage- house, barn, eic . ii. L.WURTS,
Dwlght-way station. - '■■?•"'■■•■■ '
_ , . TRUSTEES' SALES. ..
npRUSTEES' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVINA J.
DAYTON and DATUS D. DAYTON (her hus-
band), parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trus-
tees, parties of the Second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated December 2 1st, 1893, anl recorded
in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Tuliire, State of California, in liber 10 of Trust
Deeds, at pages 393, and following, and in pursu- j
ance of a resolution parsed on the 23d ' day of :
April. 1896. by the Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO VINOS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 12,687), to secure
payment oi which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums,
due under said note and d«ed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HENRY L". CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the
real estate describid therein to satisfy said indebt-
edness.
*\'e. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 16ih day of June. A. D. 1896. at
12 o'clock, noon, of that day. and at the auction
salesroom of Easton. Eldridge .t Co., No. 638
Market street, In the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, we will - sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin
of the United States, all the pieces or parcels of
land situate in the County of Tulare, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States: ',
' In Township Twenty (20) South, Range Twenty-
four (24) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian.
Of Section Twenty-three (23), the northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter (NE 14 of NX Vi),
and lots numbers one (1) and two (2), containing
one hundiei and forty and eighty-nine one-hua-
dredths (140.89) acres of land : .
Excepting therefrom, however, a strip of land
one hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each
side of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company's
track constructed on said land, together with the
appurtenances. ...
TERMS OF SALE.— Cash In Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer: balance on de-
livery of deed ; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ■
HENRY C. CA.MPBtLi,) M .
THADDEUS P.. KENT, trustees.
Additional Classified •■ Adrtiseve
merits on Page 13. • ■ ,
DIVORCE PUOU--i)li, l iui.
Com pi is filed -. ~ ' • ■
Laura F. Forsythe against William J. Forsythe.
, Catherine R. Preston against Cnarles W. Preston.
Emma li BrooKs against F. W. Brooks.
; George K. O'Brien against Matilda K. O'Brien.
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
. . . . ■ . BORN. :
FA WCETT— In this city, May 24, 1896, to the
wife of Samuel Fawcett, a son.
GOLDMAN— In this city, May 14, 1896, to the
wife of Albert Goldman, a daughter.
GOODBAN— In this city, May 24, 1896, to the
wife of v. E. Good ban, a daughter. * ■
SIMPSON— West Berkeley. May 18, 1896, |to
. the wife of Gilbert E. Simpson, a son.
SLONK— In this city,' May 24, 1896, to the wife of
! - W. D. Slone, a daughter. - ■
WILSON— In this city. May 19. 1898, to the wife
. of J. J. Wilson, a daughter. .
' MARRIED.
WALKER— CHRISTOPHER— this city. May
: 24. 1896, by the Rev. Philip Coombe, William
A. Walker and Mabel K. Christopher, both of
San Francisco. . • . .■ ■ .
.-•.; ... ■: DIED.'
Anderson. John B. . Donovan, Mary
Ball, John Heunlng. Walter J. •
Busbee, Judge J. S. Hammlil, Thomas
Burner. Mrs. Eugenia Hund, John B.
Burgess, Caleb F. ' lohnson, Mrs. Matilda
Berry, Nancy G. i Kelstv, George W. .
Brown, Mary A. Kozminsky. Harris ,
' Connolly, Margaret . ' ' Ma'.ter (Infant) • '
Cohn. Jacob ; - ■ .' .■ Nelson, Metha A. . • J,
Costello, Michael . ■ . Page, Margaret R.
Cummins. Charles F. : Roper, Catherine
' Curtln, Michael ■ : Stone, Isaac :
-Dolan, William „ Tynan, Thomas
: Darche, Vlctore S. Wallace, Eineilne '
• Wobber, Mary _.-■ i
ANDKRBON— In this city, May 24, 1896, John B.
Anderson, beloved . husband of Lizzie Anderson,
a native of Gothenburg, Sweden, aged 43 years.
■»• Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday) at 9 a. if., from bis late residence, 287
Palmer street, between Thirtieth and Thirty -first,
. thence to St. Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where services will commence
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEKKY-In Oakland, May 24, 1896. Nancy G.
Berry, beloved mother of Edward, W. D.. Mrs. '
;W. M. Kent and J. C, Berry, a native of Greens-
borough. N. C, aged 77 years. ■
A_~Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
; (Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
: dence of w. M. Kent. 665 Twenty-fourth street.
Interment private. ', '
BROWN — In this city. May 24, 1896, Mary A.,
: beloved wife of Jerome J. Brown, and daughter
of Peter and the late Mary A. Wall, a native of
Portland, Me., aged 32 years 3 months and 6
, days.
A3" Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
fully. Invited to a tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), nt 8:30 a. M , from her late residence,
1025 Natoma ; street, thence to ,SU; Joseph's
Church, wheie a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her , soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. v. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BURGESS— In this city, May 24, ' 1896. Caleb . F,
Burgess, formerly of New York City, beloved
husband of Mary F. Bnrgpss. ' - -.- •
*3- Friends are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock
p. m., from his late residence, 1218 Fulton
street. Interment private.
BALL— In this city, May 26. 1896. John Ball,
husband of the late Mary Ball, a native of Eng-
. land, aged 79 years.
BUGBEE— in Juueau, Alaska, May 16, Judse
John Stephenson, father of Maxwell G., Wens-
low and Arthur Bugbee, Mrs. L. H. Tarpley
brother of : Sumner W. Bugbee and Mrs. E. Hi
Hughes, aged 56 years. .
BUTTNER— In. San Jose, May 20, 1896, Mrs.
Engenla, beloved wife of Jacob Bnttner. and
; ' daughter of Mrs. M. F. Souc and sister of Mrs. J.
D. Kottinger and Louis A. souc, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years 1 month and 4 days. . ..
COHN— In this city. May 25. 1896, Jacob, beloved
husband of Betsy Conn and. father of Mrs. Net-
tie Neustadter, William and Isidor cohn and
Mrs. Harry Schwartz, a native of Nakel, Prus-
sia, aged 60 years and 10 months.
CONNOLLY— In this city. May '-'4, 1896, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Michael Connolly, mother
of Dennis, Daniel, Joseph, Francis and William
Connolly, and aunt of Mamie Cahalane, a native
, of Lisle vane, pariah of harry County Cork,'
Ireland, aged 46 years.
' R«f*FrieiKU and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 60 Everett street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter— ten; Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . . .
COSTELLO— In -Uklah, Cal., May 25, 1898,
-Michael Costello, a native of Ireland, aged 40
yean. '
K3~ Notice of funeral hereafter.
CUMMINS— In this city, May 34, 1896, Charles
Francis, beloved son of Edward A. and Annie K.
Cummins, a native of Sun Francisco, aged 3
years, 8 months and 9 days. '. - / •■....:
&_ Friend* ana acquaintances ara resoest- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m.. from the residence of hi*
, aunt. Mrs. T. Sullivan. 1 Elaridge street, off
Chesley. < Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURTIN— In St. Mary's Hospital, May 25, 1896,
Michael, brother of Daniel, David, Dennis and ;
William Curtin, a native or Ireland, aged 37
years. y
_3-The funeral will take place. THIS f DAY
(Tuesday).. at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the par-
• lors of James McMeno— icy A sou, J057 Mission
streeu interment private, Mount Calvary Cem-
I etery. . -■-.... ■ ; • '.
DARCHK— In Berkeley, May 23, 1896, ' Vlc-
tore Sophie Darcbe. beloved mother of Mrs. A.
Swanson, Mrs. if. Rawson, Mrs. N. K. Williams,
Mrs. H. F. Herzog, and sister of Jule< D. St.
J>enls. a native of Paris, France, aged 67 years
and 2 months. *- . ..- , ,
*S"Krienas and acquaintance? are resDecc-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _:., from the par-
lor of Albert Brown, 2139 and 2141 Center
street, East, Berkeley. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. .
DONOVAN— In this city, May 25, 1896, Mary
Donovan, beloved mother of Michael Forrest and
Mrs. William KeatiDg, a native of Cork, Ireland,
aged 80 years.
J63T"Friet;ds and acquaintance^ ar» r«Mnect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at » :R0 o'clock a.m., from the
residence of her son, 527 O'Farrell street, thence
to st. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
muss will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.' : •
HENNING— In this city, May 21. 1896, Walter
J., beloved son of Otto and Mary Hennlng,
brother of Henry (>., Frederick W-, James H.,
Charles H., George A.. John A. Henning. Mrs.
J. H. Ollson, .Mr*. C. A.. Beer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 year* 8 months and 21 days.
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock p. m.. from his late residence,"62B Lom-
bard street, thence to Native sons' Hall, 414
Mason street, where services will be held under
the auspices of San Francisco Parlor No. 49,
N. S. O. W., thence to 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
HA MM ILL— In Sonora, Tuolumne County, May
24, 1896. Thomas, beloved husband of the late
Anna Hammlil, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years. ■ . -
/re-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from the par-
lors of 11. ¥. Suhr A. Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery. - .
HUND— In this city, May 25. 1896. at his late resi-
dence, 333 Twenty-ninth street, John 8., beloved
husband of Johanna Hund a native of Baden,
Germany, agtd 42 years and 11 months.
*S~Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
"invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from Teutonia
■ Hall, 1332 Howard street, where services will be
held, Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. 'Please
: omit flowers. -
A. O. U. W.— To the o— leers and members of
.. Harmony . Jjodge No. 9. A. O. U. W. : You are
- hereby notified to attend the funeral of oar late
brother, J. B...Hund, TO-MORROW (Wedne*
, day), at' 2 p. m., from Teutonia Hall. 1322 How-
ard street By order ■ M. CRANE, M. \Y.
L. Johnson, Recording Secretary.
JOHNSON— In this city, May 25, 1896, Mrs.
Matilda Johnson, beloved mother of the three
children, Oscar. Ellen and Ludwlg, a native of
Sweden, aged 38 years.
DOLAN-Jn this city. May 24,. 1896. William,
• dearly beloved son of Mary Krone and brother of
Mrs, J. F. Miller, a native of Glasgow, -Scot-
land, aged 26 years and 10 months.
KELSEY— In this city. May 24, 1896, George W..
beloved husband of Mary Kelsey and father of
Pearl Kelsey, a native of Ohio, aged 44 years.
aarThe funeral will take mace TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late
residence, 53 Natoma streeu Please omit flow-
ers.
KOZMINSKY— In this city, May 23. 1898. Har-
- s, beloved husband of barah Kozminsicy, and
ather of David, Julius, Nicholas and Viola
Koznilnsky, a native of Poland, aged 56 years.
A3~Priends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from B. B. Hall,
121 Kddy street, where the funeral services will
' be held under the auspices of Ophir Lodge No.
21, I. O. B. P.. Interment New Salem Cemetery,
by 11 :46 o'clock a.m. train. Remains at par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 967 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth streets. ■•
MATTER— In this city, May 24, 1896. Anunzette,
infant daughter of P. G. and Mamie Matter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 7 months and 18
days. ■ . ;
NELSON— her home, seminary Park, Alameda
County, May 23, 1896. Metha A., beloved wife of
Captain Charles Nelson, and mother of Mrs. Cal-
vi.ll C. McMahan, a native of Denmark, aged 66
years and 6 months.
■'JO" Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the ■ funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock p. 11., at the First Presbyterian Church,
Fourteenth and Franklin streets, Oakland. Inter-
ment private. Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. Please omit flowers.
PAGE— In this city. Margaret Ruth Page, be-
loved daughter of Robert J. and Annie E. Page
and granddaughter of Thomas and Margaret
Stewart, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
' 6 months and 7 days. ■ ■ ■ . ..
JOSTThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.; from 137
Gates street, Bernal Heights. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ..;. .
ROPER— In this city. May 25. 1896, Catherine.
wife or Edward Roper, a native of England, aged
75 years. [New York Journal, Baltimore aud
Victoria papers please copy.J . •
Jjt3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect- "
. f u'ly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her. late
residence, southeast corner of Van Ness avenue
and Turk street . Interment private.
STONE— In this city, May 26, 1896, Isaac Stone,
beloved hustfirnd of Hannah Stone and father of
Mrs. B. sinsbeimer, Jacob, Marcus, Abraham L..
Belle and Leon D. Stone, a native of Austria,
aged 74 years and 9 months. - :r ." • : ■ ■
1 83" Friends and acquaintances are re^tect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his law
residence, 1409 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Home of Peace, by special train from Third and
Townsend street at 10:50 o'clock.
TYNAN— this city. May 25, 1896, Thomas, be-
loved husband of Rose Tynan, and stepfather of
Mrs. J. A. Foley. a nail ye of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
SOT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wediiesdav).at 9:3o o'clock a. m.. from his lata
residence, 508 Grove street, thence to | Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of bis soul at 10
a. _. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WALLACE— In this city. May 23, 1838, Emeltne
. Wallace, widow of W. H. Wallace, and mother
■ of Mrs, J. H. Morton, a native of Niles, Michi-
gan, aged 52 years 7 months and 13 days. '-. •
$&- Friends are ropectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY. (Tuesday), at
. 1:30 o'clock p.m., at her late residence, 2220
Broadway. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
WOBBER— this city. May 26, J596, . Mary
Louis-, beloved wife of Henry Wobber and
: mother of George and Willie Garrett, a native of
] Ohio, aged 39 years. ' ' t
I i UNITED . UNDERTAKERS' , ; "T"
• EMBALMING PARLORS.
. Evtry thin. Requisite for First-clam Funerals
1 . at Reasonable Rates.
. Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
NIcAVOY _ GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A KMBALMKBS,
. SOJrirtb St., Opp. Lincoln School.
.. : V Telephone 3080. . • ■ •■
Uas. McM-no__t7~"~"™ i "chas. McMbnokby.
JAMES MoMENOMEV & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND K3IBALSIERB,
1051 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
I . - ..,- Telephone No. 8364. -■■-■- :
JAS. " ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH, •
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL 'DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market St., ban i'ranctjoa
Telephone 00. 156. HBHB_H-_&i~%_
:-. , .-■ V , .^ . '■■ ■ -
1516
NEARLY A RIOT
ON MARKET STREET
Manager Vining's Men Try
to Eject a Pas
senger.
ANGRY CROWDS GATHER
Fred Wagner, Contractor, Forgot
to Exchange a Check for
a Transfer.
FOUR POLICEMEN INTERFERE.
The Crowd Threatens to Mob Officers
for Arresting Wagner for Battery
Upon the Conductor.
The weather Was a little bit too warm for
real sport yesterday afternoon on Vining's
cable and trolley cars.
"De blokes won't stan* to der rights
when dey gives a check by mistake,"
spoke tip a besmeared-faced urchin last
evening at Powell and Eddy streets. He
had been running thither and to all day
selling his papers. He was tired, dirty
and angry.
"If dey would be onter demselves dey'd
just shove de check and hold on to der car.
"l)er isn't a bell-puncher on de line
could put me off der old car if I was onto
what he was doing."
It was little Eddie Greaney who was
tarfeing. He was in earnest and he felt
strong in the position he was taking.
The Calla ll reporter's demeanor must
bftve struck him as one of incredulity, for
he shoved his left hand into his mouth and
therefrom came a shrill whistle as from a
punctured boiler. He followed this up
with the cry of:
"Mickey ! Mickey Johnson ! Come here
quick.
"Didn't yer gee me smash dat conductor
over de head yesterday when he was a
tryin' to put de bloke off der car at Ellis
street?"
Mickey, who had hastened to Eddie's
call among a score of other urchins, nod
ded a head full of freckles in acquiescence,
adding: "Me and Brick [for Eddie is red
headed and they call him 'Brick'] saw de
'bell punch' try to do one of our customers
out of his fare on Ellis street, going nort'.
Well, we didn't do a ting to him. While
dey waa a-scuffling, tryin' to pull him off,
me and Brick climbed upon de dashboard,
and we smashed old 'bell punch' over de
hed till he let go.
"Der was a lot of friends of ours around
and dey stood in fine, iim you'd just
ought 'er seen that 'bell punch' when we
got tro'."
From tne chorus that followed it was
quite evident every lad on the street had
seen the melee between the recalcitrant
pabsenger, the "bell punch" — who, no
doubt, is meant as the conductor of the
car — and the mob of newsboys
"Der was another fight dis moniin' at
9 o'clock," Eddie continued, "but I wasn't
dere. Some small guy — a geeser way up
in der 400. One of der boys give 'im a
check and der agent was on, see? His
geesers went ter get der transfer for der
check ana he gets der t'ro 1 down.
"But he was same. He gets on der car
anyhow, Baying he could 'gitimately ride
on der check. But he weakened whendey
stop der car an' he give up his finif, so as
not to be trowed off. Dats too bad ; it's
hurtin' our business. II we'd been dere
we'd a pulled 'em trou' all right."
"Brick's" apparent regret that he or bis
friends were not present on one occasion
must have disappeared later in the even
ing when a mob of several hundred people
gave vent to their indignation at the treat
ment accorded a passenger on a Castro
street car because he had omitted to get a
transfer from Manager Vining's represen
tative on the corner of Powell and Market
streets.
The crowd was seemingly ripe for mis
chief, and even anxious for it. Its
number continued to be augmented, and
each passing car was greeted with hoots
and yells of "Stay on!" "Don't let them
pnt you off!" "We're wkh you! 1
So dense did the seekers after excite
ment become that a passage-way had to
be cleared for each passing car and vehicle
by the policemen.
Soon the police force was augmented,
and then the work of clearing the street
began and was quickly completed, for
none of the assemblage appeared anxious
to come in contact with the batons which
the police had drawn. The excitement
was all over shortly before 11 o'clock.
The passenger was Fred Wagner, con
«sw to-pat:
V* Jamaica
G-nger
jf A bottle \
II at hand and «
V a dose in II
\^ time Jf
has saved thousands of people
from thousands of "sick-spells." 4
This . preparation is -no secret. »
It is to-day what it was 75 years
— the best preparation of gin-
ger it is possible for man to
make. • It is made by the j
5 TREOLBfIOWHCq.; Philadelphia.
* • Ask for It at your druggists. Remember
the rule— A bottle at hand and a dose
in time- *
Charles Redicker, Who, Although in Funds, Committed Suicide Last Night by
Shouting Himself Before a Mirror.
tractor, 4579 Eighteenth street, who is a
brother-in-law of Superior Judge Bahrs
and a young man of strong physique.
He boarded a Powell-street car at Union
street after sundown. He pulled a news
paper out of his pocket and became ab
sorbed in some story. Before reaching
Powell and Market streets he got the usual
check from the conductor, and as he
stepped from the car he saw a Castro-street
car on Market street, going in the direction
of his home.
Without thinking of getting the check
exchanged for a transfer by the official on
the curbstone he made a dash for the
Castro-street car and caught it. He sat
down in the car and resumed the reading
of his newspaper.
As the car moved along toward Sixth
street Conductor W. H. Brewster asked
for his transfer. Witnout looking up from
his paper Wagner handed him the check.
Brewster walked through the car and re
turned with the gripman, who bad stopped
the car at Brewster's request.
"Look here," said Brewster to Wagner,
"this check is no good. Yon will have to
get off the car or pay your fare."
"That is the only transfer I got from the
Powell-street conductor."
"Well, I tell you it's no good," repeated
Brewster. You should have changed it
for a transfer."
Wagner asked good-hum oredly if they
would wait xmtil he ran back and ex
changed the check for a transfer, when
Brewster and the gripman grabbed hold of
him by the collar and pulled him off his
seat. Wagner braced himself, but they
gradually forced him out to the rear plat
form, which was crowded. Those on the
platform, indignant at the treatment to
which Wagner was being subjected,
shoved him back into the car.
By this time there was a long line of
waiting cars, extending nearly to Fourth
street, and a big crowd of people had gath
ered round the Castro-street car. They
hooted the conductor and gripman.
"Throw them off the car," they shouted to
the other passengers, "Smash them in the
face" and other epithets.
At this juncture four policemen jumped
on the rear platform, drew their clubs,
and pushed the passengers off. The crowd
on the street pushed the passengers back
again, and the anger of the mob was
transferred to the limbs of the law, who
were in turn hooted and hissed at. Police-
man H. O'Day attempted to pull out his
handcuffs and put them on Wagner, but
the crowd pressed against him, and he
was unable to get them out of his pocket
The crowd angrily protested against the
interference of the police, and for a minute
or two a riot was imminent, as threats of
mobbing the policemen were heard. All
the officers, except O'Day, stopped inter
fering with the crowd on the platform,
but O'Day persisted in showing his au
thority.
Finally an official of the road got on the
car, and Conductor Brewster told him that
Wagner had struck him in the face.
A dozen of the passengers shouted that
it was not true, Wagner had not raised his
hand except to push back the gripman,
who was choking him from behind. The
official ordered Brewster to have Wagner
arrested for battery. The crowd protested
loudly against Wagner's arrest, but Wag
ner put an end to the trouble by consent
ing to go to the City Prison.
The car proceeded along as far as Lar
kin street, when Wagner stepped off and
was taken to the prison by Policemen
O'Day and H. P.iley and booked for bat
tery. Most of the crowd had followed the
car, and marched alongside of the two
policemen and their prisoner as far as the
prison.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger, who is
a personal friend of Wagner, Happened to
be in his chambers, and when he heard of
the arrest he personally hunted up Judge
Campbell and got an order for Wagner's
release on his own recognizance. Wagner
was quickly set free and went home.
About 9 o'clock three young men were
brought to the Central police station by
Policeman Ed ODea, who was accom
panied by an employe of the Market-street
Cable Company. Sergeant Nash asked
ODea if he had any charge to bring
against the three young men. and ODea
replied that he had not, but that the em
ploye of the road had asked him to arrest
them. The employe said he baa no charge
to make against them either and the ser
geant told them to go home. They were
put to the indignity of being arrested and
marched through the streets without any
apparent cause.
Between 10 and 11 o'clock a lady and
gentleman boarded a McAllister-street car
at Powell and Market. They had foreot
ten to get their transfers and the conductor
threatened to put them off the car. A
mob of several hundred gathered around
the car and threatened the conductor and
eripman with violence if they persisted.
The gripman started the car and the mob
ran alongside all the way to McAllister
and Larkin streets, where the lady and
gentleman alighted. The crowd gave
them three lusty cheers and went back to
Market street.
Another Boon for Eureka.
Word was received at the Traffic Association
office yesterday that ail the roads interested
had agreed upon a rate tor lumber in carload
lots trom Eureka to Missouri River, Mississippi
River and Chicago and common points of <>0
cents per 100 pounds, the same rate that is iv
effect from Puget Sound points. This rate will
also apply to mixed carloads of lumber and
i shingles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1896.
DIED BUT MADE NO SIGN,
Charles Redecker, a Well
to-Do German, Shoots
Himself.
He Had Been Oat of Employment for
Many Months, but Still Had
Money.
Charles Redecker, a young German, shot
himself to death in his rooms, at 632 Post
j street, yesterday evening about 5 o'clock.
The reason is not clear, as he left no word.
He was apparently in no financial
trouble, as he is said to have considerable
money. He has, however, been out of em
ployment for months and was somewhat
despondent, partly occasioned by ill
health. • .- ■
Yesterday morning he left his lodgings
as usual. about 9 o'clock. He returned
shortly before 5 o'clock, went to his room,
lit a ciger, and took up a book to read.
I Half an hour later be threw his book
j away.dropped his partly burned cigar and,
stepping before his mirror, drew a re
j volver from his pocket, aimed at his
I temple, and tired.
It missed. The mirror probably caused
I him to aim badly. He tried again, and
! the ball passed. through bis temples and
j threw blood and brains upon the wall of
I the room.
The landlady of the house was entertain
j ing some friends in her room on the floor
below. She remarked about the pistol
and went out into the hall. Just then the
second shot was fired, and she ran up
stairs followed by Her guests, a gentleman
and lady.
She listened at Redecker's door and
heard the water running in his basin. She
suid it could not be there, and was about
to go to the next floor when the young
man with her noticed the smell of powder
and the smoke coming over the transom
of Redecker's room. - The landlady gave
him the keys and he opened the door.
Then he turned and told her not to enter.
She surmised what had happened and
ran for a doctor. The Receiving Hospital
was notified and Redecker was taken
there, where he died shortly after 7
o'clock.
Redecker left no word explaining his
I act. Among his effects taken by the
I Coroner subsequently there was nothing
that threw any light upon the matter.
The deceased was formerly in the em-
I cloy of the California Wine Association,
but was summarily discharged — according
1 to a letter found among his papers Sep
tember 24, 1894. He was afterward em
ployed by Tillmann & Bendel and by
I Kohler & Frohling. Out of employment
I here he went to Central America, and
three months ago he returned.
He has not found employment, but did
not seem to worry about that fact. Only a
few days ago he remarked to a friend that
he had money enough to live without
work for several years.
His landlady says he always paid his
obligations promptly. Some $15 was found
on his person.
He lias a brother, Rudolph, who is cashier
) for r'. Hillens & Co., commission mer
■ chants. Among the papers of the deceased
j was one dated August 26, 18»5, in which
he transferred to his brother, to hold in
trust, the following:
Fifteen shares of Market-street Railway
stock; deed to lot in Oakland, half my prop
erty; deed to lots 14 to IS. New Chicago; note
of George R. Chard, 50; New York life in
surance policy; and a general power of
attorney. H3B *
Nearly all his other papers were written
in German. The brother Rudolph had
not heard of the suicide at a late hour
last night.
. ■■■_■ » 1 ■ »
CUT A RIVAL'S NOSE.
I Dan Mo»ill Arrested for i» Murder
ous Assault Upon Frank
Kankin.
Frank Rankin, 414 Eddy street, a son
of the late ex-Supervisor, is a favored
suitor for the hand of pretty Minnie
O'Grndy, dauehtcr of Mrs. O'Grady, who
owns a grocery and saloon at Natoma and
Mary streets. He visited her on Saturday
night, and between 12 ana 1 o'clock Sun
day morning Dan McNeill, a tali, strap
ping young fellow, who was a less favored
suitor for Minnie's band, made his ap
pearance.
McNeill nad Deen drinking, and when
he saw Rankin and Minnie together he
got mad and soon picked a quarrel. He
was backed up by Mrs. O'Grady, and
Rankin found himself in a tight place.
After an interchange of uncomplimentary
remarks McNeill pulled a razor out of nis
pocket and slashed Kankin across the
cheek, following it up with another slash
that cut off the end of his nose. Then Mc-
Neill beat a retreat.
Rankin was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and bad the point of his nose
stitched and dressed. He did not care to
talk upon the subject of his wounds, but
the police determined to find out all
about it.
McNeill kept out of the way, but last
night he was arrested by Policemen Rourke
and Burke and locked up in the tanks in
the City Prison.
Concert at Mills College.
Tho closing concert of the Mills College con
servatory of music will take place at the col
lege to-day. The participants are Sadie I*
1 Morgana, Katheryn Pinkuam, Cordelia Gill
man, Constance Rose, Sydnia Barnard, Edith
Crafts, Sclmu Anderson. Grace Gilbert, Verre
i Allen, Mabelle Gillman, May Bobbins and
I Pcrsis Coleman. For the concert— From City;
Take 0 o'clock boat and Oakland local train <o
Knmvale. thence by California Railroad to
Mills College. From Oakland: Connect with
same train at Broadway and Seventh at 6:30.
NOW IT IS ILL
"ON TO ST, LOUIS,"
The California Delegation
Will Go in a Style
Superb.
ARRANGEMENTS MADE.
A Luxurious Special Train Will
Speed Along With Flags
and Banners.
BANQUET BEFORE THE START.
The Tippecanoe Club of Ohio Will
Whoop a Welcome and Act .
as Escort.
It is now "On to St. Louis" with the
Republican leaders.
Between now and June 17 the National
Convention will absorb the political in
terest of the party in this State. Its pros
pects and the preparations for it will be
watched with close attention, and little
connected with local and State Republican
affairs will develop until the convention
meets and then lets the campaign break
like a storm.
Those who expect to go to the conven
tion are particularly interested as well in
the arrangemenes for the trip, which are
actively under way by the direction of Dan
T. Cole, John D. Spreckels and O. A. Hale,
the committee having them in charge, and
Allen B. Lemuion of Santa Rosa, secretary
of the delegation.
The California delegation and a crowd
of friends will rush to St. Louis in superb
style. The special, train that will start
from the Oakland mole on June 11 will be
the most luxurious and magnificent one
that ever bore eastward a party of Cali
fornia representatives. It will be made up
of cars belonging to the Sunset Limited
service, new, richly furnished and decor
ated and provided with all that present
day ingenuity has devised to increase
tun luxury of modern railway travel.
The special train will be made up of the
necessary baggage cars, a combination car
containing barber shop, lounging room,
library, etc., a dining car well stocked and
four or five sleepers, all as fine as the
finest which car builders have made.
The train will proclaim its identity in
striking but tasteful decorations. On each
side of the first car will stretch a banner of
canvas four feet wide and sixty-three feet
long. In the center a portrait ol McKinley
will appear surrounded with decorative
designs, and those who see the train will
read: "California delegation to the lie
publican Convention, St. Louis, 1896."
Along the full length of that side of the
second car will stretch a similar banner
bearing "Protection to American Indus
tries I" with at one end a bear and at the
other a picture of the Golden Gate with
symbolic figures in the foreground. Amer
ican nags on the engine and two on the
front of each car will further deck the
train with peculiar appropriateness.
The delegation 11 have made an ex
ceptionally rich banner to be carried in
the streets and displayed at the head
quarters. Over $200 worth of rich silk,
gold and skilled labor will go into the
making of it.
All the delegates are expected to gather
I in San Francisco on the 10th and on that
evening they will be banqueted by the
Union League Club.
The tram will depart at 10 a. m. of
Thursday, the 11th of June, and proceed
to St. Louis by special and fast time over
the Central Pacific, Rio Grande Western,
Denver and Rio Grande and' the Burling
ton routes. The itinerary shows that Ogden
will be reached at 4 p. m., June 12, Denver
at 11:30 p. m., June 13, and St. Louis at
9:30 a. M., Monday, June 15.
At the depot the delegates will be met
by the Tippecanoe Club of Ohio with
pomp, music and joy, and then will the
California delegation dive into the gayety.
excitement, band-playing and serious
thinking of the Republican National Con
vention.
Headquarters at the Southern will soon
I be reached. The California headquarters
will be one of the prominent and valuable
ones, the music-room of f he Southern, forty
I by seventy -five feet in size, having been
engaged. Many of the Californians have
already engaged quarters at the Southern
and others at the Lindell.
The delegation is not going with any
cheap hurrah and will not dispense Cali
fornia . wines with the indiscrimination
that has been seen. There will not be
California wine and fruit for all the mob
that can crowd into the headquarters. No
carloads of these refreshments will be
taken along, but there will be a supply
sufficient to enable the delegates to show
a pleasing measure of California hospital
ity to such friends and acquaintances as
they may choose to invite as guests.
The fare for the round trip is $67 50 and
tickets will be good for thirty days. The
Californians will return by regular trains
at their convenience. . Berths on the
special train will be $15 for the trip to St.
Louis.
Those having the arrangements in hand
are especially urgent that delegates, alter
nates and their friends who propose to go
communicate at once with Secretary Allen
B. Lemmon at Santa Rosa that quarters
on the train and, if desired, quarters in St.
Louis may be reserved, and that it may be
known at once how many and who will
make up the party on the special train..
It appears now that all of the eighteen
delegates will go together with many alter
nates and other prominent Republicans
and their friends.
PRESS CLUB JINKS.
A Midsummer Night to Be Celebrated
by Bjnhemiaua.
Invitations have been issued for the
Press Club's midsummer jinks. The docu
ment is on folio velum and is as resplend
ent as a royal proclamation, setting forth
the marvelous ceremonies that are to at
tend the coronation of a Czar. It is signed
by John Hunt, sire, who in private and
official life is known as Judge of depart
ment. 6 of the Superior Court in and for
the City and County of Ban Francisco, and
the subscriptum is by F. S. Myrtle, C. A.
Low and C. J. Stillwell of the entertain
ment committee. The invitation reads as
follows:
You are hereby bidden to attend a jinks to
be held at the rooms of the Press Club on
Saturday evening, June 6, 1890.
The cathode rays will be turned on at 9
o'clock, at which time the book and volume of
the year will be opened at the leaves of sum
mer.
If your disposition inclineth to mirth, our
summary rites and seasonable observances
may serve to convert the hours Into sprinters
and to make Old Time "gallop withal.' 1
Upon the features of the evening the mask
of mystery hangs awry, thus serving to
heighten the pleasures which it but hall con
ceals; for, scan it ever so lightly, and the mask
■will reveal to you a programme -whereon wit
and fancy, music and mirth, travel hand in
hand.
Furthermore, be it also known to you, that
on the evening appointed you shall preside
upon the arraignment and at the trial 01 mani
fold parties who are charged with being musi
cians, artists and wit.s.
All of the accused hare prior convictions,
and all of them, upon the trial In question,
will be clearly proven guilty as charged.
■ Pepare, therefore, to assume the judicial role,
and should our efforts fall short of your ■ an
ticipation; withhold not your kindly approval,
remembering that the less oar merits the
greater the bounty of your applause. ■
And so as Tiny Tim observed, "God bless us,
every one!" ■■-.:■" . ■ ■ .. ,
■■■• - ----- » m * ■
Kurglary in Oakland.
A young man giving the name of Frank
Brown was arrestod on Saturday by Policeman
Jerry Dwyer on Montgomery street and when
searched a lot of broken jewelry was found in
his pockets. He was detained and Detective
Harper was detailed to find, if possible, the
owner of the jewelry- He found it had been
stolen from the residence or Mrs. S. A. Allen,
1534 Adeline street, Oatland. on May 11, and
yesterday Brown was booked for burglary en
route to Oakland. He wus taken there last
night.
Died From Hemorrhage.
H. M, Schermer, for four years night clerk in
the Bonanza House, 867 Market street, died in
convulsions last evening at 9 o'clock, while on
the way to the Receiving Hospital. It is pre
sumed that death resulted from internal
hemorrhage. The body was removed to the
Morgue.
NEW TO-PAT. ■■'.
A TOBACCO HEART
Thousands of Americans Can't Get
Life Insurance Because Tobacco
Has Destroyed the Heart Action
and Wrecked the Nervous System.
Engineer Bates Discovers a Never-Failing
and Easy Remedy.
DELANSON, N..Y.. May 25.-Engineer O. H.
Bates stepped off engine 275 to-day with a long
oiler in one hand and a bunch of waste in
the other. Not a bystander there could help
/(Pwißllishv youthful.healthy
yf'- Jt^~^ f^^z^K look and active,
/ ' wfs^§3k vigorous move-
/ 'Xln '/s&\ merit, and con-
/ j ivulfflSiffll wasting his ap-
fkvj^. - .™h!| x m(/\ pearance with his
7a2^ ' fr^SeSnlJr condition of two
/r^*^ . ''/VjJ\»W.l months ago.
rl '/WvJIW "Say,, colonel,
rfyj& % Wsy xftw how well you
YlWw^^jlL" °" Yes.l am well :
Ii ■Jt? < i^^^saW>®lw^ better thanl have
T 7 ffitfflßwzT vJfffifflfflifoKkeen for years."
*/&ffi&few\^i: \^ No-To^Bac cured
> %l|p I arY/AW^ me of the tobacco
"*' ; « '* y habit, after usinc
' . " • it • lor ty- three
years, braced me mentally and physically, and
made me a new man in more ways than one.
I had no appetite; couldn't sleep. Now I sleep
like a baby and eat three times a day with a
relish for the first time in years. My heart
action is regular and no longer a bar to in-
creased life insurance. You know throttle-
pulling requires a pretty steady nerve, and my
nerves are O. K. now. One box and a quarter
of No-To-Bac cured me completely in ten
days. No-To-Bac is sold by all druggists, and
made by the Sterling Remedy Company of
New York and Chicago. Get their little book
called 'Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your
Life away,' free to any one that writes. It cost
me $1 to get cured, and I spent $3 or $4 a week
for tobacco. If I had failed to get cured I
would have gotten my money back, as the
makers guarantee three boxes to cure any case.
I have recommended the use of No-To-Bac to
many of the boys on the line, and every one of
them who got the genuine- article has been
cured. Lookout; don't let some of the imita-
tions be palmed off on you for No-To-Bac."
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special ForljTs WeeK.
KIPPERED HERRING—
Finest selected Kippered Herring, preserved
by a. and M. Smith, Leith, Scotland; regular
price, 30c: can, 20c.
MACKEREL—
William Underwood & Co., Boston, Mass.,
packed in mustard, soused, and tomato
sauce; regular price, 20c : 15c.
PEACHES—
Scnammel Packing Co., extra selected Lemon
<;iln(f Peaches, packed in heavy syrup; regu-
lar price, $2; dozen, $1 35.
TOURIST AND PICNIC SUPPLIES—
. Just received full assortment of Potted Meats,
sardines. Pate de Fole Gras and all table
delicacies at lowest prices.
CAL. CLARET AND ZINFANDEL—
Pearl Vineyard. Napa Co., Vintage 1890; these
wines are the best of home production. Cali-
fornia Claret — Gallon, 45c: quarts, dozen,
92 50: Zinfandel, cnllon. 65c; quarts, dozen,
$3: regular price. 75c and $1 gal.; $3 50 and
• $1 50 dozen quarts.
CHERRIES IN MARASQUIN—
Dandioolle and Goudln, Bonrdeaux, France:
quarts, 65c; pints, 40c; regular price. 65c
and 90c.
BUTTER—
Extra choice Point Reyes Creamery squares,
. 30c; choice Point Reyes Butter, 25c; orders
taken for packing butter.
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
, . SAN rRANCI.eO.
COS. IOtt'AHB WASHHWTOIT STS. •> OAKLAND
X73I : I736CI!VKTrH STBSST /BRANCHES
J*at
Ireople
Can reduce their obesity by
taking BROOKS' PHYTOLACCA.
Safe and sure. Pleasant to take.
Makes walking easy. Can - only
be had at 1 19 Powell street. '
Letters from the country promptly an-
swered. Send 50 cents in stamps and a
trial bottle will be sent by mail.
$75 ™4 ROOMS
%qP *7 -■■^*V , CONSISTING OP
IEt.IO-ITTm.IEI
PARLQR.BEDROOM. DINING-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard .'..;" 5O Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard.. ••••• -25 Cents
Matting, per yard • • • • • • 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces • 3585 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirr0r........ J5«5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
: Four-Room Catalogue! Mailed Fre*.
03* Free Packing and Delivery across the Bar.
WEDpING
Md l p a rVnS' A 1!!? onnce ' n « nts Cards. e?o., Engraved
Srtrtir^H 9 orre « Btyle, low rates. -; 20 samples
m^lPd^l? S correc * 'own, modern weddings,
mailed postpaid for 10 cents In stamps. » BKUXT
FU.S Panmiio.NS Clay St., Baa Ftaaclsco.Cat
HEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. _ ■ . .-. .. ■•
ifSfiIGLSDERS !
In connection with the Bargains that drew such tremendous
crowds yesterday despite the heat, our GREAT FORCING OUT
SALE OF OVERSTOCK continues with the following
SPECIAL AND EXTRAORDINARY; PDUGTIONS
FOR TO=DAY'S TRADE!
LADIES' AND MISSES' HANDKERCHIEFS !•
At. 1% Cents Eaoh. ■ .
5000 dozen HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price 50c a dozen, will be offered at l)£c each.
At, 5 Cents Each.
5000 dozen HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $1 50 a dozen, will be offered at 5c each,
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
At SS Cents.
75 pieces 39-INCH ENGLISH DIAGONAL SUITING, new colorings, regular price
60c, will be closed out at 25c a yard.
At 3 5 Cents.
68 pieces 38 and 40 INCH FINE ALL-WOOL BLACK AND WHITE CHECKS, regular
price 75c and $1, will be closed out at 25c a yard. . .
.A.+. S5 Cents.
41 pieces 51- INCH ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOT SUITING, regular price $1,. will
be closed out at 25c a yard. $WM
At SS Cents. ',
22 pieces 51-INCH ALL-WOOL SCOTCH PLAID, in gray only, regular price $1, will
be closed out at 25c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
■ - ■ • ■ - ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
r ■ At 25 Cents...
5000 yards FANCY SILKS will be closed out at 25c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES !
At ©S Cents.
200 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in tan and brown shades, regular value $1, will
be offered at 65c a pair. ■ tf. * :
At 75 Cents.
190 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (with black embroidered backs), in butter, cream
and white, regular value $1 ao, will be offered at 75c a pair. . -  ■ .
CARRIAGE PARASOLS
SPECIAL OFFERING,
* At 35 Cents.
200 CARRIAGE PARASOLS, value 75c and $1, will be offered at 35c each.
/M/jt^^ MURPHY BUILDING* /
(/(/ Martot street comer if Joies, /
STATEMENT
. or the .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
Insurance Company (Limited)
OP LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner. ■ *•' .-
CAPITAL,
Amount of capital stock paid up In
cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.. K^-'i'.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $1,257,958 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
. of bonds.stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral.. - . 8,000 00
Cash in banks.'..... 46,066 00
Premiums ln due course of collection 218.059 00
Bills receivable, nut matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 9,955 00
Stamps on hand. 962 00
Total assets $1,540,000 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or In
■ suspense 128,700 00
Gross premiums .on marine ana in- "I
land navigation risks: reinsur- )
auce 100 percent }. 116,055 00
Gross premiums on marine time I
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent.. J
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, • ■
etc., and sundry creditors 109,431 00
Amount carried to suspense account. 28,780 00
Total liabilities $38'2.H66 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums 430,335 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 35,390 00
Total income $465,725 00
EXPENDITURES. "~ ./■..-•■
Net amount paid for marine losses. . . - 412.901 00
Dividends to stockholders. 60,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 37,795 00
Paid for State, National and local >
taxe5..............:......-.......... ],220 00
All other payments and expenditures - 10,015 00
Total expenditures $511,961 00
Losses incurred during the year.. $894,976 00
BISKS AND PREMIUMS.
I MABIKK 813K3. | PREMIUMS.
Net amount of risks I : i ~ ~
written during the |
y ear VVVV. 1 $69,136,700 I $430,335 00
Net amount of risks I
expired during |
the year.. .. { ' 67,079,885 1 391,830 00
Net amount in force 1 f
December 31, I
1895.. I 7.490,450 1 116.055 00
Tnnv nrru-^ O. NICHOLSON, President. "
JOHN GICK, Secretary. -■<'<■!
Subscribed sworn l ° before me this 6th day
or Jtebrunry, 1896.
Vice and Deputy Consul at Liverpool." "^
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. COMPANY,
GENERAL. AGENTS.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS.
Office, 407-400 Montgomery St.,
, SAN FKANCISCO.
Telephone Main 5968.
WAGOSS. I CARRIAGES AND HARNESS.
■"SrtfJifAi&jm Fifty per cent saved!
VS^B 3BH? ' ' .Factory prices — Send
« \i>*gKS^ BuggieB.'"..s7s to *IL'5
. JOJ* /^^S^SrTTs. Carriage's.'.sloo to SS'-'OU
/CySi&T^ifftS&lx/S WaKons....ssl) to S lOO
/O^SSfiffi^S^S^J Harness $8 tos'.!s
t~JpH|^2p^EPs=aßK^~J We ship everywhere.
• V^V^o^XlAA^V/ California Wagon and
\M tf\X XixYSTN^r-trrlagß Co., 36% to
■•• '. •a^aav -*i =a!^» 4 4 1 „ Fremont St.. a. V
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY AND CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 81st day of December, A. D. 1895,
and for the year ending on that day. as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner. .'
•'■*• • '• - ' CAPITAL. ;'•■• ? ,
Amount of - capital stock paid up
in cash $250,000
' - ASSETS.- -
Heal estate owned by the company.. $679,460 49
Cash market value of all stocks and *. < ■
bonds owned by company 1,384,870 00
Cash in company's office ' ' 28,312 65
Cash in banks. ......:........;.■......• • 41,780 51
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans . 2,356 18
.Premiums In due course of collection 206,198 50
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash
in company's possession) 7,808 41
Total assets • .$2,341.086 72
' LIABILITIES. " '
Losses in process of adjustment or)
in suspense.... V $409,547
Losses resisted including expenses ) .
Total unearned premiums ...' 1,342,629 07
Due to other companies for reinsur-
ance ; 5,742 10
All other demands against the com-
P»nr 14a?17*
Total liabilities .$1,772,090 46
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
premiums ................;.. $2,500,888 35
I Beceived for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from -
all other sources 103,810 81
Received for profit on securities
sold — • 41021
Total income $2,603,678 87
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses $910,653 10
Dividends to stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage...... 665,249 55
Paid for salaries, fees and other -.
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 934,007 44
Paid for State, National and local
taxes.. 45,620
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 619,784 00
Total expenditures $2,415,315 03
GEORGE F. SEWARD, President.
ROBERT J. HILLAs, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day
of January, 1896. ■
' K. A. BABENEB, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. C. PARDEE, Resident Manager,
Mutual Life Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
Horn Vmpire,
FIBE-PBOOF. • *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK,
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths .
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
• 10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Hl»er-
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
- America. ■
Passengers' crossing: the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L^.to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. Kuropean
plan, $1 up. American plan, $-3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
"^ST-tSs-T^-T- JOHMBQN QUmS, Mgr.
WAI. N0BL&, Propr.