VOLUME LXXIX.— 55.
AN ALLIANCE
WITH TURKEY.
Said to Be Offensive and
Defensive on the Part
of Russia.
BASIS OF THE TREATY.
Amounts to a Reduction of the
Ottoman Empire to a
Vassal State.
.RATIFICATIONS EXCHANGED.
Meanwhile the Porte Declines to Ad
mit Aid for Armenians Sent
From This Country.
LONDON. E>:g., Jan. 23.— A dispatch
from Constantinople to the Pall Mall
Gazette says:
An offensive and defensive alliance has
been concluded between Russia and Tur
key. The basis of the treaty is on the
Unkiar-Skelessi agreement. The treaty
has been signed here and ratification has
been exchanged at St. Petersburg between
Aarej Pasha and the Czar.
M. Caiabon, French Embassador to
Turkey, had an audience with the Sultan
on January 21, which lasted two hours.
This tends to show that France is in all
probability a member of the new alliance.
The Gazette's correspondent is believed
to be inside of the British embassy. The
nkiar-Skelessi agreement dates back to
1533 and amounts to a reduction of Turkey
to the position of a vassal state. The
treaty bound the Russian and Turkish
Governments to mutually assist one an
other to resist foreign aggression and to
help each other in case of international
dangers. Turkey was at the time of the
conclusion of the agreement in a state of
collapse.
Russia waives the matter of assistance
promised by Turkey and receives instead
permission in the event of Russia's being
at war to close the Dardanelles to warship*,
of all nations. The Western powers refused
to recognize the treaty, which was soon
tacitly abandoned. The Pall Mall Gazette
guarantees the reliability of the sources of
information of its representative at Con
stantinople. '"/.-ijTfi
The Standard publishes a dispatch from
Constantinople under the date of January
22, which says that the Turkish Ministers
assembled at a meeting Tuesday evening,
the alleged occasion of which was the re
ceipt by the Porte of a telegram from
Shakir Pasha, the imperial Commissioner
appointed to carry out the reforms in
Armenia, reporting tbat the Armenians
are reduced to the last extremity and are
being decimated by hunger and cold and
are committing revolutionary acts out of
cheer despair.
It is reported that the Sultan's favorite
izzet has been directed to formulate a re
ply to the letter written to the Sultan by
Queen Victoria.
The Porte has given out the information
that two Armenians, believed . to be mem
bers of the Armenian revolutionary com
mittee, have murdered the Armenian
Bishop of Boghes.
The correspondent of The United Press
at Constantinople under date of January
22 writes as follows: 'Ay'pA
The United Press is given to understand
that United States Minister Terrell has
not received the assent of the Porte to his
pressing demands for the admission of. the
American Red Cross Society into Asia
Minor for the purpose of distributing re
lief to the ■ suffering' Armenians. The
European : embassies in i Constantinople
have not recommended the work, of the
Red Cross Society and the British em
bassy finding that Russia objected to the
society undertaking the work of relief
withdrew* its encouragement, in order to
preserve the entente of the powers, it was
alleged. > -"*": ; *77
A telegram received here to-day from
Aintab says that the foreign Consuls, who
were delegated to' mediate between the
Turks who are besieging Zeitoun and the
Armenians who are holding the town, have
arrived at Aintab. Some of them had all
their baggage stolen en route.
A letter received here from Marash says
that the Turks have been severely beaten
and repulsed. Near the Hot Springs the
commanding officer of the Turkish soldiers
placed the regular men in the front ranks
and ; the . reserves, next. As they were
marching against the Armenians a terrific
explosion - occurred and many of the
soldiers were blown to atoms. It is
probable that dynamite was used. The
Turks say that flames suddenly burst from
the earth.
Other accounts confirm the surmise that
dynamite was used against the Turks.
They were caught in a defile, and a large
number of them were killed. The Turks
afterward succeeded .in capturing the
barracks and cut off the water supply from
the Armenians. Tp..y; -. _**\ Ay./ A
BELIEF FOB ARMENIANS.
The National Committee to Act Through
Secret Agencies.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23. — The
National Armenian Relief Committee has
issued an announcement stating that the
•work of raising funds ana of organizing
relief committees throughout the United
States will be pushed with redoubled
efforts and all haste. In case , the Red
Cross should be prevented from entering
upon the work the committee is able to
give assurance that all the funds at its
disposal will reach the sufferers through
other responsible agencies.
Individuals and . local committees inter
ested are urged to communicate at once
with the National Armenian Relief Com
mittee, New York, in order that informa
tion may be given them as to 7 the best
methods of organizing and raising funds,
the condition of the sufferers, and so forth.
The Mayors of cities and clergymen and
others are asked to take immediate steps
to form local relief committees on a strong
representative and permanent basis. Such
committees have already been formed and
The San Francisco Call.
are actively at work in New York, Balti
more, Washington, Chicago, Detroit, New
Haven and many other places.
Jrov.MiATiosr ji-ox the STOBJf.
Seasons for the Belief That a Treaty
Has Been Arranged.
LONDON, Eng.. Jan. 23.— Dispatches re
ceived here show that ignorance is de
clared in official quarters in Paris, Berlin
and Vienna of an offensive and defensive
alliance having been entered upon by Rus
sia and Turkey. In some quarters the re
port is characterized as ridiculous.
' Nevertheless, it is widely admitted that
the recent known exchange of communi
cations between Russia and Turkey justify
the expectation of some agreement be
tween the two powers. A dispatch from
Paris which the Standard will publish to
morrow says that inquiries made in that
city failed to prove knowledge in official
circles of the existence of such an alliance
but brought forth a denial that it was pos
sible for a treaty to be concluded on the
lines of the Unkiar-Skelessi agreement, as
that would imply an inevitable war.
■ The Berlin correspondent of the Daily
News says he linds such an alliance is re
garded as not improbable, which is con
firmed by the Post's Berlin representative.
The Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph says that the rumor is in no wise
new, it having been in circulation for some
time in Vienna in various forms. This
correspondent adds that inquiries have
resulted in the expression of a con
sensus of opinion that no such
treaty has been concluded, but he further
says that none is needed, as the cordial,
unstipulated agreement between Russia
and Turkey, based upon mutual interests,
is firmer and more complete now than at
any time since the war of 1877.
The Daily Graphic says the report was
received by a London daily paper some
weeks ago from Rome. Inquiries failed to
establish the truth of the dispatch, and it
was therefore suppressed.
IT IS SOT BEAiIEVED.
Xothixnj Known of the Alliance at the
Foreign Office.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. Foreign Office
officials profess to know nothing of the al
leged offensive and defensive alliance
between Russia and Turkey . and attach
no importance to the statements concern
ing it, published in the Pall Mall Gazette.
The Stock -Exchange opened favorably
to-day, but afterward relapsed upon the
strength of the rumors of an offensive and
defensive alliance between Russia and
Turkey. American railroad stocKs opened
strong, but receded and closed quiet.
Mining shares were virtually without
movement. Ay'-i//;; v.- 7 'i;7-'^7
WICHITA HAS A HEALER.
He Lives itj a Mansion and Commands
Secrecy as the Only Reward for.
His Cures.
WICHITA, Kaxs., Jan. 23.— Wichita has
a healer. Fourteen cripples have thrown
away, their crutches and are singing the
praises of .Bartholomew . Cor win, aged 93
years, who has been a residwit of Kansas
since 1858. Like Schlatter, Corwin will
not accept money for his cures, and his
only admonition to "his beneficiaries is
"See that you tell no man of the wonders
that have been performed." H. A. Post, a
well-known letter-carrier, says that his
wife and son were healed by the old man's
touch. Mrs. Threshold of South Waller
street claims that she was cured of a can
cer, and a dozen others, well known here,
were, relieved of various diseases by Barth
olomew. ' Bartholomew is well to do and
lives in a fifle home. .;■ ■ -
Assigned to His Son.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.— William
Foster Jr., engaged in the mining and
manufacturing business, with principal
offices at 14 6 Broadway, made an assign
ment ' to-day to Bell W. Foster, his son.
No preferences are given, although it is
said that more than $400,000 is involved.
It is believed that the assets will be found
to be largely in excess of the liabilities. •
One- Fare Bate for Fighters.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. Western roads
have agreed to make a one-fare rate for
the round trip to El Paso, Tex., on the oc
casion of the prize-fight carnival, to be
held at Juarez, Mexico, February 12. ;^ "
NO LAW TO TRY THEM
So Dr. Jameson and His Raiders
May Not Be Punished for
the Invasion.
Additional Assurances Regarding Ham
mond's Treatment by the Boer
Government.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 23.— The Morning
News will to-morrow say that the law
officers of the crown are unable to find an
offense in the English law for which Dr.
Jameson, the leader of the raid into the
Transvaal, can be either civilly or crim
inally tried. The law officers, the 1 paper
adds, have advised the Government to ap
point a commission of Judges similar to
the Parnell commission to inquire into
the whole matter. 7/7
The News further says that the com
mission will probably appoint a sub-com
mission to go to South , Africa to collect
evidence and examine witnesses.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 23.-Cap
tain W. L. Merry to-day telegraphed Sen
ator Perkins asking him to prevail upon
Secretary Olney to cable President Kruger
of the Transvaal asking whether Tilgh
man is under arrest, and also asking bet
ter treatment for Hammond, whose fam
ily is not permitted to see him.
Senators White and 7 Perkins at once
took the casein hand and sent a joint letter
to Secretary Olney setting forth the tele
grams referred to and , stating that they
had assured the people of California that
no effort of the State Department is
being spared to protect all American citi
zens who ■ are under arrest. If it would
not be proper to cable Kruger, the Cali
fornia Senators " asked that the United
States consular agent at Johannesburg
cable information concerning Tilghriian
and ask for more consideration for Ham
mond.
Senator Perkins to-day received \ a mes
sage from Secretary Olney informing him
that Embassador .-Bayard 7 cabled '7 to-day
that according to his ; present 'information
uniform, humane and indulgent personal
treatment is being extended to all pris
oners, including Americans, by the Boer
Government. '.*-.-; " 7*f '-**"
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1896.
■- - • ' • : '■--■■_, ......
'WHEAT IS T7JI=» !
SILVER MEN
AND POPULISTS
Will Hold Their Conven
tions Simultaneously at
"■"": ""* : , St. Louis. \
A VERY BITTER; DEBATE;
It Was Started at the Washing
ton Conference by the Speech
of Mr. Hatch.
DEFEAT OF JOSEPH BLACKBUBN.
Champions of White Metal Do Not
Relish the Situation in the
Blue Grass State.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. ; 23.-The
morning session of the free-silver confer
ence was wholly given over to an acrimo
nious debate between the Populists and
silver men, the committee on reeolutions
being still occupied with framing its re
port and it being deemed impracticable to
transact any business in its absence.
The discussion was provoked by the
declaration of ex-Congressman Hatch of
Missouri, who has come out squarely as a
candidate for the Presidential nomination
on the silver ticket, and who in an impas
sioned speech has blamed the Populists
for the defeat of that sterling silver candi
date Joseph Blackburn of Kentucky.
Ex-Vice Presidential Candidate Field of
the Populist party vigorously combated
Mr.. Hatch's statements this morning, and
caused considerable excitement and bad
feeling by his pointed references to influ
ences exerted • in the j Kentucky campaign
by President Cleveland, Secretary Carlisle
and others. . .7; y : pypp- .
Amid frequent interruptions and much
enthusiasm Mr. Hatch replied in his own
defense and hotly reiterated his criticisms
of the Populists' action in putting a
ticket in the field which had barely drawn
enough votes from the Democrats" to elect
a single gold standard Republican.
Senator Marion Butler of North Caro
lina repudiated the alleged facts set forth
by Mr. Hatch. He had been present in
Kentucky before the campaign and de
clared that his party had not decided to
enter the contest until after the Demo
crats had up a straddling platform indors
ing a bond-issuing administration, and
until Hardin had interpreted the plat
form directly in opposition to its proper
intent as recognizing metallic parity.
The committee, on organization subse
quently reported on holding a convention
at St. Louis July 227 7 The appointment of
delegates based upon 7 the silver strength
as ascertained from the American Bimetal
lic Union was determined upon as follows:
Alabama 40, Arkansas' '■; 15, Colorado 83,
Delaware 3, Georgia. 50, Illinois 50, lowa
21, Minnesota 45, Missouri 38, Nebraska 51,
New Hampshire (i. New York 44, North
Dakota' 12, Oregon 17, Rhode Island 8,
Tennessee 24, Vermont 8, Washington 17,
Wisconsin ' 25, New Mexico 8, District of
Columbia 4, Arizona 6, California 39, Con
necticut 19,'. Florida 3,; Idaho 10, Indiana
30, Kansas 60, ' Louisiana 15, ; Maryland 9,'
Michigan 34, Mississippi 15, Montana 18,
Nevada 40, New Jersey 12, North Carolina
75, Ohio 40, Pennsylvania 15, South Caro
lina 20, Texas 75, ; Virginia 50, West Vir
ginia' 0, Wyoming and Utah 30. .
• The silver convention adjourned sine die
this afternoon. After 7 appointing com
mittees on organization and linauce and .
asaam ...-^....t .:»... .t»-.4__. .____.__*:-
an executive committee an address. to the
country was adopted setting forth the
principles of the party.
The present issue was declared to be be- .
tween the gold standards, gold bonds and
bank currency, on /the 'one; side and the
bimetallic standard, no bonds and Govern
ment currency, on the other. The present
treasury policy is denounced as a blunder
worse than a crime, and an appeal made
to the people "to leave in abeyance, foi the
moment all other questions,, however im
portant and momentous they. appear,
and sunder, if need be, all former party
ties and affiliations aitdMtnite ; in- one su
preme effort to free .themselves and their
children from the domination of the money
power." .•:;;.'. V; / .: ■ .--.'.: //py--
jporurisT coxrEJfiiox.
An Official Call Issued : for the Bally' at
'- 7 st. Bonis. ?■*-.;;• Vi -. ■'■ .
J TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. Jan. 23.-Chair
man Taubeneck ..of,. the Populist National
Committee was here to-day, and, with
Treasurer Rankin; prepared the call for
the National convention at. St. Louis,
which they furnished, as follows: -
The members of; the People's party and all
others who favor its principles are invited to
assemble in their various States and Terri
tories and choose delegates and alternates, un
der the methods and upon the basis of appor^
tionment as hereinafter prescribed, to assem
ble in National convention at St. Louis on July
22, for the purpose of adopting a platform and
nominating a candidate for President
and V-ce-rresident, and • transacting . such
other business as - may properly come
before them. The number of delegates
apportioned to each State .by the
National committee under the basis adopted
is as follows: Alabama '54, Arizona 4, Ar
kansas 20, California 39, Colorado 45, Con
necticut 7, Delaware 3, Florida 8, Georgia 01,
Idaho 7, Illinois ,54, Indiana, 30, lowa 30,
Kansas 82, Kentucky 25, Louisiana 15, Maine
9, Maryland 9. Massachusetts 21, Michigan 29,
Minnesota 53, Mississippi 15, Missouri. 3B,
Montana 11, Nebraska, 51, Nevada 7, New
Hampshire 4, New-J ersey. 12; New York 44,
North Carolina 95, North Dakota 25, Ohio 49
Oregon 17,, Pennsylvania 42, Rhode 'lsland '4;
South Carolina 17, Tennessee 24,. Texas 95,
Vermont 4, Virginia 53, Washington West
Virginia 8, Wisconsin 25, Oklahoma. 7, New
Mexico 4, Wyoming 7, District of Columbia 4,
Utah 5. : "A/y:: * ' •' _ . .
The State committee in ' each State and Ter
ritory is charged with the duty of promul
gating this call in their respective States and
Territories j£ and .determining .the "method; ot
choosing said delegates whether by State con
ventions-at-large or in Congressional districts
or both. The officers of the State and District
conventions are requested to' send names of
delegates as soon as chosen to the chairman of
the National' committee. All credentials 'to
the National convention shall be sighed by
the chairman and the secretary 'of i the con
ventions which selected the delegates. y- *-. ■
j.:ll.j r ,Taubeneck,-, chairman; J. H. Turner,
secretary; Laurence J.'McParlin, secretary; M.
C. Rankin, treasurer. ".'. A.-.. 77. .•• '•'.-*
MONEY TO SUCCEEED GEORGE
The Congressman to.Be Selected Senator
From Mississippi. ....
. JACKSON, Miss., Jan. . 23.—Congress
man , Hernando ue ; Soto Money was to
night nominated by« the Democratic cau
cus as -United jj States  Senator to succeed
J. Z. George. The contest was : bitter and
prolonged one, extending over two weeks,
Money being several times within a few
votes jof the„ nomination. ! The twentieth
and last ballot resulted: Money 84, *Lo wry
36, Allen 35. Hooker 3, Y*-rger 1. ,_
.- This insures Moneys election, as the
Legislature is Democratic, with, the excep
tion of two Populists. Money is an ardent
advocate of the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1. ;
CHIEF ALEXANDER 'IS ; SHORT.
An Irregularity in the Accounts of the
■'• Osage Indian" Treasurer. '
PERRY, 70. T., Jan. 23.— News from
Pawhuska is that Chief ; Alexander Tall, a
full-blood Osage Indian, Treasurer of that
tribe, is short in his accounts from $3000 to
$4000. ,■; The Osage "Council-- has been called
in session tor investigation and has ap
pointed-William Collins to take charge' of
Chief Tali's books. 7„7 L. r ' • *- -• '
Aground in the Clyde.
GLASGOW, Scotland, Jan. 23. — The
British steamer. Grecian, . Captain Moore,
from New York, January 9, for Glasgow,
ran aground in .the*. Clyde this morning 'at
high tide, in a dense : fog. '*■ Two .tugs have
been sent to her assistance.' ** '.*.
INJUSTICE OF
THE WRIGHT ACT
An Opening Argument in
I the Celebrated .-. /: Case ...
- From California. Iff*
'''• t ' : ' •■;■ ■".-■•._• . :■.■«.*:> ."-',■ .
ATTORNEY BOND BEGINS.
Points Out the Unfair. Provisions
of the Law of Irrigation
- • Districts.
ASSESSMENTS ARE NOT JUST.
Lands Not Benefited Heavily Taxed,
While Property Enriched Es
capes Entirely.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23—There
were few spectators in the United States
I Supreme jj Court to-day; when arguments
commenced in the Wright irrigation case.
The case came up unexpectedly, as it was
believed it would not be reached until
Friday.- There will be a big crowd in at
tendance to-morrow to hear 'ex-President
Harrison's argument.
Thomas H. Bond of Lakeport, Cal.,
made the 'opening argument to-day. He
explained the case thoroughly! and : then,
in; the course of his argument, declared
that ■ the Wright act combines, the vices
and- iniquities of all the special assess
ments for ..local i improvements that had
ever fallen under his observation. . It ex
empts mortgages, personal property, or
chards, vineyards and growing crops from
taxation. ■■.: V- 7 . . . ■ A-
, The 5 very things which are produced by
irrigation are exempt under its provisions,
while jj brick, stone, a lake tract of swamp
land, or other property, including whole
towns j and cities, which by no possibility
can derive any benefit from the system of
irrigation devised by it, may bo taxed for
all they are; worth to construct works of
irrigation j and "charged perpetually to
maintain and to operate them, and to pay
salaries of officials and defray all other ex
penses for irrigating desert lands.
. The, peculiarities of assessment provided
for under the Wright act, he said, are as
follows: It „is. unlimited, the 7 property
must be assessed as a basis for taxation for
its full cash value. It is noi levied accord
ing benefit, but in an inverse propor
tion to benefit, property very valuable pay
ing a large tax,. though ,it can receive no
benefit, and worthless property 'which
might be benefited paying nothing.
. The assessment is .perpetual. It '- not
only ; may but it must be levied for all
time to come upon .propeity.to pay for the
expenses of , the operation of the works and
the paying of . salaries of officers. Ji It is
levied on houses, railroads, churches and
other structures on lands which are as
sessed 7 according to their value and not
according to benefit. : 7 7 -■■-., '- ,
The so-called improvements are : not
improvements on ,. or - of . the. property
assessed, which enhances its value. The
dams, ditches and canals, the ? only j works
which a district can construct, are not
improvements '.' on ■-' or ; of *• the 7 property,
which necessarily. enhance the value of tbe
property.': 7\7l' '7/ "• ' ' - '.T 7:'y^7^T r 777T7T
."This," Bond continued, "we say, is to
take property without due process of law,
and is repugnant to the fourteenth amend
ment of ; the Federal constitution. Coun
sel on the other side claim that whether
the land is or is not benefited is a question
of fact which we do not deny, but whether
the land which it is conceded by no possi
bility can be benefited may be taxed for all
it is worth for local improvements, and to
maintain and -operate the works-forever
aiterward, is a question of law and a Federal
question — a question whether it' is not
taking property without due process of
law. ■
"To validate the bonds means to de
clare that the assessment providing for
their payment is legal' and constitutional,
for as long as any question remains un
decided as to the only means provided for
payment of bonds, it cannot be said that
the latter are valid. To validate bonds
means more than to adjudge that they
are genuine and perfect in form, for if
there is no means of paying them they
would be valueless and the object of the
statute would not be attained, for the ob
ject of the statute is to give an assurance
to investors that there will be no litigation
in the future, and that no resistance will
be made to the payment of bonds when
they mature, so that they may sell to
greater advantage than they otherwise
would, and therefore to validate bonds is
to determine that the assessment under
the Wright act, the only means provided
for their payment, is constitutional and
legal. ;-'• 7y, AyPpy
"We insist that the decision of the State
court construing the act which was passed
after the obligation was incurred impairs
the obligation of the people of the district
and is in violation of the constitution of
the United States. By exempting nearly
one-third of the district from taxation it
materially increases the burden of the
remainder. Our contention is that the
people at the bond election incurred an
irrevocable conditional obligation by au
thorizing the board of directors- to con
tract ade bt of $800,000 and pledging all
their land, 108,000 acres, for its payment.
We understand that conditional obligation
is within the inhibition of the constitu
tional provision which denies the right of
a State to impair the obligation of the con
tract. The conditional obligation may
ripen into an absolute one by the affirm
ing of the judgment in this case."
Bond was followed . by A. L. Rhodes for
the bondholders.
Justice Field asked Rhodes many ques
tions in order to arrive at a thorough un
derstanding of the case. Rhodes finishes
his argument to-morrow and will be fol
lowed by General Harrison. George Max
well of San Francisco then argues against
the act. This will probably take up all of
the session.
The court adjourns over until Monday,
when Attorneys Wright, Choate and Dil
lon will deliver their arguments.
KILLED BY THE FAILURE.
Cashier Oscar J. Smith of a Defunct
Bank Expires From Nervous
'Prostration.'
GRAND ISLAND, Nebr., Jan. 23.—
saddest chapter in the recent closing of the
Bank. of Commerce occurred last night
when Oscar J. Smith, the cashier, died as
the result of nervous prostration brought
about by the failure. He has been ill
since the first of the year, but knowing the
critical condition of the bank, remained at
his post until work and worry prostrated
him.. The announcement of the failure
made to him at his home, was followed by
delirium in which he raved, 'constantly
talking to' imaginary customers and trying
to explain the t intricacies lof . the broken
bank's affairs. ;.,
j He was a young man, prominent in this
city and much respected. His parents live
at Delaware, N. J.
In Favor of Keeley.
PONTIAC. 111., Jan. 23.— The jury in
the case of Marshall vs. the Leslie E. kee
ley Company, which has been on trial here
for ten days, brought in a verdict for the
defendant. Marshall claimed $50,000 dam
ages from the Keeley cure institution at
Dwight. III.", for alleged results following
the "gold cure" treatment of his wife for
the morphine habit.
Gaumer Befused to Fay.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, | Jan. 23.— The
United Press account ,of the bribery in
dictment last night it was stated that the
claim: was that Senator Obi had asked and
received from Senator D. H. Gaumer of
Zanesville $250 to vote for a bill in which
Gaumer was interested. The latter part is
incorrect. ' Senator Gaumer refused to
pay it. . -■■: ' "■'■.-■■' .. . ..;.!!:.;;;;•
WOMEN LEADERS MEET
Opening Session of the Convention
of the National Suffrage
Association.
Reports Give Indications of the Prac
tical Success of the Move
ment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— At the
opening session of the twenty-eighth an
nual convention of the National Woman's
Suffrage Association to-day 100 delegates
were in attendance, including the most
prominent leaders in the movement from
nearly every State in' the Union. Susan B.
Anthony of Rochester, N.Y., in calling
the meeting to order was heartily wel
comed and the . convention . proceeded di
rectly to the routine business of the asso
ciation. -.-;
.The report of Rachael . Foster Avery of
Philadelphia, who has been corresponding
secretary of the organization for the past
fifteen years, gave many indications of the
practical success of the movement and in
stanced : particularly the case of Utah,
which was held to demonstrate the ad
visability securing the; aid of political
parties through planks in their platforms.
■ Mrs. Avery's reference to the woman's
Bible led to a discussion rather livelier
than: is usual in a suffrage convention.
Mrs. Colby, moved the adoption of the re
port, with : the exception of the portion
quoted.
Mrs. Lillie Devereux Blake of New York
earnestly ; championed Mrs. - Stanton's
book, declaring that much of the criticism
of : the woman's Bible arose from the
densest ignorance. '
; When Mrs. , Blake asked every woman
present who had read the book to hold up
her hand; only eight 'hands appear ea/and
Mrs. Blake declared, in a caustic manner:
"We are a nice body to pass criticism on a
matter of this sort— now, aren't we?"
. After several addresses severely com
menting on x the book, Mrs. Harriet Taylor
Upton of Ohio moved ;to lay the whole
matter on the table, which was carried by
a vote of 59 to 16! / ...-■•..• , *
. The afternoon ( - session resolved itself
into a" training school for organizers, un
der the instruction jof Mrs, C. C. Catt of
New York. •
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARE YET READY
TO ARBITRATE
British Statesmen May Find
•Graceful Means to
Back Down.
SUCH IS THE REPORT.
The Times Claims That Lord
Salisbury Made Specific Of
fers to Settle.
WILL MODIFY THE. DETAILS.
President Cleveland Regards the Davis
Resolution as 7 Mischievous
and Unfortunate. .. '■.- 7 7-v
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 23.— Times
will contain, an article discussing the
Anglo-American situation in the light of
the latest developments. 7
It does not adduce any new views, but
recognizes the efforts of "the Government
at Washington to bring about a peaceful
solution of the question. It sees much
significance in the anger of the jingoes at
their efforts.
It again contends that Lord Salisbury's
dispatch, far from refusing, made a specific
offer to arbitrate the Guiana boundary
dispute and declares it to be no secret that
the Prime Minister is quite prepared to
consider favorably any fair and frank sug
gestion modifying the details.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.-A Sun
special from Washington says: . The state
ments so repeatedly made' during the past
few days to the effect that Secretary Olney
has been notified of the desire of the Eng
lish Government to recede from its atti
tude on the Venezuelan question, and that
it had found a means of gracefully backing
down, whether true or not. will have little
effect upon the determination of the Sen
ate Foreign Relations Committee to pass
the Davis resolution. v - •
In the first place it cannot be learned
that Secretary Olney has received any
such intimation from the English Govern
ment, and the Senators say it would not
affect the action of the Senate if he had.
The members,' of the Foreign Relations
Committee say that the resolution was
framed chiefly for the purpose of meeting
the argument," so persistently {advanced,
that Congress had never given an expres
sion of opinion on the subject of the Mon
roe doctrine and that, therefore, it is high
time to put a declaration on record.
The resolution of the committee is a
concurrent one, requiring the indorsement
of the House of Representatives, but not
the approval of the President. It is in
tended merely as an expression of the
sense of Congress, not as a law to be placed
upon the statute-books. Its authors will,
therefore, press it to a vote whether or not
Lord Salisbury decides to suggest a
method for the settlement of the dispute
with Venezuela by arbitration or other
wise.
A World special from Washington, says:
President Cleveland has authorized Sena
tor Smith of New Jersey to make public
his opinion of the Davis resolution, re
ported by the Senate Commute on For
eign Relations. The President's opinion
is this: ■ ■ ■ _ '/A/4'
"I regard the Davis resolution as mis
chievous, inopportune and unfortunate."
Cleveland believes the policy adopted
by the Senate committee" on strikes at the
heart of the principle of arbitration. Sen
ator Smith has prepared a resolution de
claring the United States does not intend
to establish a protectorate in South Amer
ica, nor to become responsible in any de
gree for the conduct of other American
nations. Hi. discussed the substance of
the resolution with the President yester
day.
Secretary Olney has privately expressed
his disapproval of the action of the Senate
committee.
IBJSHMEJf ABE BE AIX Y.
Charters to Councils Anxious to Fata
Erin's Foea.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.-General
Secretary John P. Sutton of the Irish
National Alliance recently forwarded
charters to these councils of the organiza
tions:
Irish Knights of Alaska, Seward City,
Alaska; Robert Emmet, St. Louis, Mo:;
St. Louis Central, St. Louis, Mo.;
Fontenoy ' of New York City; Al
fred "F. Lee, Columbus, Ohio; Sars
field, Minneapolis, Minn. ; Wolf Tone,
East Boston, Mass. : Wolf Tone, New v 0 rk
City; Grattan, Clinton, Mass. ; Thomas
Francis Meagher, Butte City, Mont.;
Parnell, Birmingham, Ala.; Robert Em
met, Fond dv Lac, Wis.; McArdle, Tol
uca, 111.; Anaconda, Anaconda, Mont.;
O'Neill, San Francisco, and Lyman, Law
rence, Mass. 7 77 :;. p'p
President William Lyman says that
every council will begin the work of mili
tary, organization, so that the Irishmen
may be ready in case their services are
needed against England.
FBOTECTEO B V THE POLICE.
Agitator Ahlwardt in ' Danger From
Enraged Hebrews. ■ ,
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 23.-Herman
Ahlwardt, member of the German Reich
stag, who came to this country to start an 1
anti-Hebrew crusade, opened his campaign
in Jersey City to-night' at Proessers Hall
on Central avenue.
Several Hebrews asked Chief of Police
Murphy to prevent Ahlwardt from speak
ing, threatening to do the ; latter injury,
but the Chief said that he would not - in
terfere.
A strong police force under Inspector
Lange was present, however. Their ser
vices were needed, for the Hebrews in the
hall hooted A! ward whenever he referred
to their religion, and finally threatened to
kill him and burn down the hall.
Befora serious consequences . arose, how
ever, Inspector Lance had ordered the
hall cleared and ejected those who raised
the disturbance. Then the lecturer was
allowed to proceed.2
URGE MEASURES
OF IMPORTANCE
Manufacturers Close Their
National Convention
at Chicago.
EXTENSIONS OF TRADE.
Many Ways in Which the Lead
ing Industries of the Country
Should Be Encouraged.
THE REVENUE BILL INDORSED.
Strong Advocacy of a Plan for a New
Cabinet Officer to Look After
Manufactures.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. After a busy
session of four hours the National conven
tion of American manufacturers adjourned
sine die this afternoon. The next conven
tion will be held at Philadelphia at a dale
to be fixed by the executive committee.
The majority of the delegates seemed to
favor Nashville, but the nomination of
that city was withdrawn upon the repre
sentation that the prime necessity of inter
esting New England manufacturers could
best be met by holding the convention in
the Quaker City. President Dolan, who
was confined to his hotel by illness, sent
word to the committee on nominations
that he absolutely could not serve the asso
ciation another year, and thereupon Theo
dore C. Search, president of the John B.
Stetson Company of Philadelphia and
founder of tbe Philadelphia Textile
School, was chosen president for 1896.
Robert Laidlaw and E.P.Wilson of Cin
cinnati were re-elected treasurer and sec
retary respectively.
The fellowing, who were nominated for
vice-presidents by the delegations of their
respective States, will with the officers con
stitute the executive committee for the
coming year: Colorado, H. Li; Story; Con
necticut, Phiny Jewell ; Delaware, Wash
Hastings; Georgia, J. F. Hanson ; Illinois,
John B. Kirk; Indiana, P. E. Studebaker;
Michigan, J. B. Howarth; Massachusetts,
E. W. Love joy; Mississippi, Q. Kings
laud; New Jersey, Benjamin Atha;
Nebraska, N. C. Peters; New « York,
Warner Miller; Ohio, Thomas B. Eagan;
Pennsylvania, John H. Converse; Oreeon,
L. D." Cole: Tennessee, C. D. Mitchell;
Wisconsin, E. W. Sivver.
A number of resolutions were reported
from the committee and adopted, some
without comment and others after brief
discussions. They were as follows:
Whereas, The merchants and manufactur
ers or the country are practically unanimous in
the opinion that a classification of freight
which would be uniform throughout the
United Slates would tend to simplify freight
rates and make them more uniform, just and
staple; and whereas, while this is acknowl
edged to be true by most of the carriers them
selves, the experience of the pest five years
shows that no relief in this direction can be
looked for from them since the adoption of such
a classification arranged by a large committee
of their ablest freightmen, representing all the
different interests, was defeated on account of
the jealousies of some of the leading carriers;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That the National Association of
Manufacturers of America respectfully and
earnestly petition the Congress of the United
States to authorize and direct the Interstate
Commerce Commission to prepare, or cause to
be prepared, at the earliest possible time, a
classification of trade which shall be uniform
throughout the United States, and to be put
In effect January 1, 1897, on all the railroads
in the United States engaged in interstate com
merce. ''V-/~.
Wheeeas, One of the primary stated objects
of this association is the promotion of trade
relations with Spanish and Latin-American
Republics; and whereas, a strongly indorsed
movement has been looking to the establish
ment in the City of Mexico, with the co-opera
tion of the Mexican Government, of an Indus
trial Exposition, permanent or otherwise;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That the president of this associa
tion be empowered to appoint a committee of
three to investigate the practicability of such
an exposition and to report its decision to the
executive committee at. d with this informa
tion in hand the executive committee shall
take final action regarding the matter.
Resolved, That if it is the sense of this con
vention that a department of manufactures be
established under a secretary of equal rank
with the Secretary of Agriculture, and that the
executive committee be instructed to take
such steps as may speedily accomplish the
object. zxA;
Whereas, Certain Slate laws impose upon
so-called foreign corporations, created by the
authority of other States, conditions some
times severe and often inequitable upon which
the said corporation may do business in the
States having such laws in operation.
Resolved, That the executive committee be
required to consider what action, if any,
should be taken to prevent such obstruction of
traffic business between the States of this
Union.
Whereas, The revenue of the Federal Gov
ernment is not sufficient to meet its necessary
and proper expenditures, therefore,
Resolved, By the National Association of
Manufacturers of the United States, In con
vention assembled, at Chicago, January 22,
1896, that the Senate of the United States
is earnestly requested to pass promptly and
send to the President the emergency revenue
bill which was adopted by the House of Repie
sentatives. ',".'_* 77/ • ,
Upon the Mexican Exposition resolution
Senor Gonzales, special commissioner from
the Mexican Government, made- an ad
dress urging a stronger effort on the part
of the United States to build up trade with
Mexico.
By general consent H. L. Story of Cali
fornia submitted this resolution, which
was unanimously adopted: ,
That we but voice the agricultural sentiment
of the great West, and of the South as well,
when we insist that Congress treat domestic
sugar as it docs wool and all other agricultural
products, and we demand for the beet and cane
sugar industries fair legislation and liberal en
couragement.
- The ■ committee on resolutions declined
to report upon the resolutions of sympa
thy with Cuba submitted by Delegate Bar
bour of Detroit, on the ground that the
manuscript declared that the ; war i had
ended, extolled the insurgent generals and
denounced the Spaniards in harsh terms.
Members of the Michigan delegation de
nied this and asked consent to reopen the
matter and have the resolutions ' read.
This request, upon being pot to a vote,
was rejected by a large majority.
Richard H. Edwards, editor of the Manu
facturers' Record of Baltimore, submitted
a strong argument in favor of a new Cabi
net position, to be designated as the De
partment of Manufacture and Commerce,
and after an address upon International
banks by Ulysses D. Eddy ' of ; New York
the convention adjourned. .
OF. INTEKEST TO THE COAST.
Senator White's Bill ■; Relating to Laws
Governing Vessels.:, yzp7y7p
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.—Sena
tor White to-day introduced a bill to
amend section 5294 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States by providing that
the Secretary of the Treasury may, upon
application therefor, remit or " mitigate
any One, penalty or forfeiture provided
for in the laws relating to vessels, or dis
continue the prosecution to recover pen
alties, or relating to forfeitures denounced
in such laws, excepting penalty of im
prisonment or removal from office, on
Such terms as he may in his discretion
think proper; and all rights granted to
informers by such laws shall be held sub
ject to the Secretary's power of remission,
except in cases where claims of any in
former to the share of any penalty shall
have been determined by a court of com
petent jurisdiction prior to the applica
tion for the remission of the penalty of
forfeiture; and the Secretary shall have
authority to ascertain the facts upon all
such applications in such manner and un
der such regulations as he may deem
proper.
Senator Teller introduced a bill granting
a tract of land in the district of Alaska to
the Women's Home Missionary Society of
the Methodist Episcopal Church. Ai/
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — John Scully, San
Francisco; William Collins, Merced. . Re
newal and increase — Eli Combs, Fresno.
Increase — Daniel Norton, San Diego.
Original widows, etc. Anna Powers,' Lodi ;
Elizabeth O'Neil. San Francisco. . ■ s_.
Washington: Additional— Thomas Sta
ley, Chatterov. Increase— Andrew Ander
son, Walla Waila.
Representative JSarham says the report
of Superintendent Kimball* of the life
saving service is very strongly in favor of
the establishment of a life-saving station
lat Point Bonita, Cal. Barham will urge
I this measure before the House Commerce
I Committee on Monday.
Ex-Chief Justice Upton of Oregon, who
died here to-day at the age of 78, was at
one time public prosecutor of Sacramento
County. '-•-■■:•• : ,-,
FOR RIVER IMPROVEMENT
Representative Barham Deeply
Interested in Streams ot
the State.
Provisions of a Bill Which Will Not
Conflict With Johnson's
Measure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.-Repre
sentative Barham said to The Call corre
spondent to-night: "Representative John
son's river bill is an excellent measure. It
does not go quite as far as I should like,
however, to improve navigation in my dis
trict and in some other parts of California.
Therefore I had a talk with Johnson, and
as a result have prepared- a bill which will
in no wise conflict with his measure, but
will be more satisfactory to my own con
stituents.
"It provides for the creation of a board,
to be known as the California Commission
(instead of the Sacramento River Commis
sion, as in Johnson's bill). It 13 to consist
of three members, to be appointed from
the corps of army engineers by the Presi
dent, to hold office four years. They shall
organize within thirty days after appoint
ment.. No additional compensation is to
be allowed the engineers. Their office
shall be in Sacramento. It shall be the
duty of the commission to prepare and
adopt such plan or plans i from examina
tions and surveys already made, and from
such additional examinations and surreys
as it may consider proper or necessary, as
will improve the navigability of all water
ways in the State of California and
deepen, straighten and dredge their chan
nels. The commission shall cause the
channels of said waterways to be cleared
and improved by removing sandbars, mud,
debris, and other obstructions to naviga
tion by the use of clamshell or other suit
able dredger. They shall remove all snags
and other obstructions from said water
ways and all trees- standing on banks
thereof, from the head of navigation of
such waterways to the mouths thereof,
that may be liable to fall into the same.
• "They shall close up breaks or crevasses
which allow water to escape to the injury
of the navigability of such waterways.
They shall also build and erect other
structures or use any other means that
will improve the navigability of such
waterways and prevent injury thereto
from debris, washings from mines jor
otherwise, and they are hereby, authorized
to enter into such contracts for such ma
terials and work as may be necessary to
complete any plan or project that may be
adopted or approved of by said commis
sion for the improvement of said water
ways, to be paid for as appropriations
may from time to time be made by law,
not to exceed in the aggregate $500,000, ex
clusive of the amount herein and hereto
fore appropriated.
"Said commission shall.take such means
and shall build, construct or preserve such
works as may be necessary to make nav
igable all of said waterways. They may
consult with the Governor and Commis
sioner of Public Works of. California and
may use in and about the works construct
ed by said commission any sum of money
appropriated by the State of California
and placed at their disposal by said Gov
ernor and Commissioner of Public Works."
WILLIAM UPTON DEAD.
He Was Once Chief Justice of the State of
Oregon. '/ -'■ -.*""'.'*•.';
WASHINGTON, D, C, Jan. -Wil
liam Upton; ex-Justice of 'the .Supreme
Court of Oregon and Second Comptroller
of the treasury during the Hayes adminis
tration, died here to-day. He was born in
1817, in New York State,' and removed to
Michigan twenty -years later, where he
served in the . Legislature until 1852, when
he wont to California. He went on the
Oregon Supreme ; bench in 1867; becoming
Chief Justice in 1872.; In 1877 he became
Second Comptroller of. the . treasury, re
signing the position eight years later, and
has since that time practiced law in Wash
ington. :"; '-
Diplomatic Appropriations.
WASHINGTON, D.C.; Jan. 23.-The
diplomatic and consular appropriation bill
was considered 7 by *-; the Foreign - Affairs
Committee to-day: and ordered to be re
ported. The amount of the appropriation
is not much in excess of that for the pres
ent year, and in some cases the increase is
more . apparent I than real, j inasmuch las
they consist in : substituting salaries for
fees at offices where 1 the remuneration has
been in fees. '-' ■ -'- '*' * '-•-.'' '•
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C..7 Jan. 23.-The
Senate in executive session to-day. con
firmed the following nominations: E. E.
Halsey, Receiver of Public Moneys at
Marquette, Mich. Postmasters:: South
Dakota, 3. A. Pike. Tvndall; Wyoming,
M. L. Bishop, Casper; Washington. G. W.
Ford. Pullman.' A~ ' . "J. a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
HARRISON CALLS
ON CLEVELAND
Return of a Little Courtesy
- Extended Some Years
Ago.
PLENTY OF INVITATIONS.
The Ex-President's Secretary
Kept Busy Writing Letters
of Regret.
WILL NOT TALK ON POLITICS.
Deeply Grieved Over Untrue Stories
Relating to His Coming Marriage
With Mrs. Dimmick.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.-General
Harrison reached the Arlington Hotel at
the uncomfortable hour of .7. o'clock in the
morning and had an early breakfast. He
Ex-President Harrison and His Bride-Elect on Promenade in New York City.
» [Reproduced from a sketch, made from life by a World artist.] "
did not have the dining-room alone, how
ever, as several of his most eminent party
associates were also similarly engaged at
about the same time. .-Senators PJatt, Ed
munds and Thurston all made calls at the
Harrison breakfast-table, as did also Murat
Halstead, who is paying a short visit to his
son here. 4 /y'y- .. 7_ 77 7 x
Immediately after breakfast he began
to arrange the : work on which he
came— an argument in the Supreme Court
upon the constitutionality of the Califor
nia irrigation laws. This done b_e paid a
visit of courtesy to the - White House.
He received his friends ail day.
He was very - cordial and seemingly
of great content. His private secre
tary, Mr. Tibbatt, received the callers
without ceremony,, and General Harrison
came out to meet them without passing
judgment upon their cards. There was in
short an evident determination to be pleas
ant with all comers. He has very modest
apartments on the third floor of the hotel
and there was already a littered writing
table in the reception-room with stacks- of
legal-looking papers.
Ex-Secretary of. State Foster came in
while the interview was in progress and
was greeted with a cheery, "How do you
do, Foster," . with an immediate following
inquiry, as . to the health of Mrs. Foster.
This is General Harrison's first appearance
in the irrigation case. It has progressed
through the Federal District Appelate
courts of California and comes here now
for a last hearing. . . T//77.'A?7'!-
Speaking of the case, the only subject
on which the ex-President would speak
freely, he said to The Call correspondent
that his association in it was only a mat
ter of two or three months. r . •".
"No," he said, "I did not give the mat
ter any attention while in California last
winter, and did not know of it in fact. I
learned much more about - irrigating
during the ; last four .years *T ! was -7 in
Washington I than' I could j ■ possibly have
learned - during my stay in ; California. I
expect to touch upon only several of the
well-defined points involved in the argu
ment, leaving the others to my associates.
I will leave Washington ' just as soon* as I
finish the work. Of course you do not
expect me to come here and engage in
political discussion. I come only as a
lawyer and in "accordance with a well
established rule of mine I cannot let any
thing else interfere. '-.'■ t '-• -'.'-'
"I have also another rule which all of
my newspaper friends* know, and that is
never to discuss public matters off-hand.
I have frequently of late been invited 1 to
talk of finance, of bonds, of foreign affairs
and ■• of the : Monroe doctrine, but I , have
held firmly to my determination to attend
only to my private affairs. 'I l h -ye made
no social engagements for my visits here
for the same reason. I will call on Mr.
Cleveland j because . he was kind enough' to
call upon :me when he was in Washington
on a similar mission during my occupancy
of the White House. ■" Aside from that I
do . not expect to ?go anywhere, and I do
hope to get back i to Indianapolis as soon
as I can, for a pressing engagement awaits
me there." ''*•"'' -7 ■ -'■■' *•■ :
Any number of invitations, particularly
to "dinner ' parties, reached the general
almost as soon a3 he * himself arrived, but
the secretary busily declined these as fast
as they canje.^ On \ the subject of most in
terest to the public, his approaching. mar
riage, he has the least to say— nothing, in
fact, beyond ' the announcement made in
New : York"' last week that the J marriage
.would- take _ place immediately after Lenu
General Harrison feels some indignation
over the stories being prtnted of , & family,
quarrel over the approaching wedding,
but he cannot discuss these f publicly. In
fact, he is disposed to treat them as if they
were political sensations printed"in news
papers. He docs, however, feel very
grateful for \ some refutations, of these
stories. was pleased at; hearing of the
presence in the hotel of Mrs. Stanford, an
old friend, at whose instance he assumed
last year the role of professor, of law in the
Leland Stanford Jr. University of Califor
nia. It is something of a coincidence that
these two should meet here, both with im
portant business in the - Supreme Court,
where, in the case which calls Mrs. Stan
ford, the " life of ; the university is at stake.
CHARLES EDWARD TRACEY.
Death of the ell-Known Attorney Who
Was a Law Partner of Grover
Cleveland.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Jan. 23.—
Charles Edward Tracey died in this city
last evening very suddenly of hemorrhage.
He came here last September' from New
York City, where he was a member of the
law firm of Stetson, Tracey, Jennings &
Russell." ■ 7 : -7:'\'7;y .- 7 ; '
Previous to Mr. Cleveland's election to
the Presidency; of the United States Mr!
Tracey was a lav/ partner with Mr. Cleve
land, .under the firm name of ' Stetson,
Bangs, Tracey & McVeagh, and was a
warm friend and admirer of the President.
Mr. Tracey' s second wile was a Miss Bige
low, daughter of the Hon. John Bieelow,
ex-Minister to France. His sister is Mrs.
J. Pieroont Morgan. No arrangements
for the funeral and interment "have yet
been made. *, __'' ' -a'T-y'T/.
Additional Revenue Cutters.
Washington; D. c, Jan. 23.— in the
Senate this morning McMillan made a
favorable report on the bill providing for
additional revenue cutters. There 1 are to
be two for the Great Lakes, two for the
Pacific Coast and one each for the Gulf of
Mexico and New York. Arpp'-
CHICAGO WAS CUT OFF.
Residents of the Lake City Suf
fered Severely During 7
the Storm.
For a Time Ice and Snow Blocked
Telegraphic Wires in Many
Directions.
CHICAGO, III.; Jan. 23.— a while
this morning Chicago was completely cut
off from telegraphic communication with
other parts of the country. r A storm of
sleet and rain, which froze as it fell, began
early last night and. continued all night.
By morning wires were down in all direc
tions. East, south and southwest the
wreck of wires was particularly bad. To
the north the wires were open only as far
as Milwaukee., »
A number of small accidents, due to the
condition of the streets, have been re
ported, but few of them have been serious.
The worst so far was a railroad collision.
The eastbound mail train 'on the Lake
Shore was unable to stop at a crossing
near Sixteenth street and crashed into an
Erie freight, train.. No one was hurt, but
considerable damage was done to'" prop
erty. As telegraphic communication with
various places is resumed its was ; found
that the storm j was j very violent through
out this part of the country.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
reported the wires blockaded in nearly all
directions on account of the rain freezing
on the wires, in many cases breaking them
by the .burden of ice. The Postal Tele
graph Company reported trouble in a Jess
degree from the same ; cause. At 10:30
a. m. their wires were reopened', to New
York and communication with the East in
general was comparatively free. Warmer
rain and winds raised the blockade, which
was heaviest at 4 a. m.** ;« : ?>^'7f : hf/pA:I- iA>.
Lines between' Chicago, St. Louis, Pitts
burg and New York were down and South
western communication was almost com
pletely cutoff until nearly noon. The same
trouble extended west to Omaha,* arid was
not much improved by riieht on account
of a colder temperature. 1 In this city pe
destrians experienced much trouble ' arid
danger to life and limb on account of ice
covered sidewalks and streets. The Metro
politan Elevated Railroad, which is ope
rated by the third-rail system of electricity,
was seriously crippled -all day;"'-' Clearing
weather is predicted with a fall to 15 de
grees by to-morrow. -
Madame Modjeska's Condition.
CINCINNATI; Ohio, Jan. f 23.-M3dame
Modjeska's _, condition is i somewhat im
proved this morning. \ Her fever was slight
while the purple and congested = appear
ance ;. 0f.,; her, 7 arm and . neck is less
marked. Her /, medical advisers ,-' how
ever - say that it will be dangerous
for ? her «to attempt to ,: act for \ some
time. .-. Her £ two -■ weeks' . engagement in
Chicago has been canceled. _ As ■:?. soon as
she can be removed she will = be ..taken; to
Chicago.
To Be Brigadier-General.
WASHINGTON, D. '., C., Jan.' 23.— The
Senate Committee "'Military^ "Affair's this
morning ordered a favorable . report on . the
nomination of . Colonel 7. Coppinger . to ,be
Brigadier-General. The action , was taken
by unanimous vote of the committee. :.' . ;■'".:■
LABORS OF ROUSE
AND SENATE
. g . <X •*'**^*BE-F g *v^^ig-_«.>lß---*>'*** l --
Pugh Unable to Secure a
Hearing of His Sil
ver Bill.
"TRAPPED " BY MR. HILL.
Bonds and the White Metal
Substitute Are Soon l.
Laid Aside.
DANIEL ON MONROE- DOCTRINE.
Adoption of a Report Changing the
Rules Relating to the Count
ing of a Quorum.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. After a
lot of routine 7 morning business in the
Senate to-day, Mills (D.) of Texas intro
duced a bill to repeal the act of July 14,
1870, to authorize the refunding of the Na
tional debt, and the act of January 14,
1875, of the resumption of specie pay
ment. He asked that: it be read a first
time to-day, and that it have its second
reading to-morrow, when he hoped to have
a vote upon it.
, Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin reported from
the judiciary committee to prevent -the
carrying of obscene literature and such
things; from one State or Territory into
another State or Territory. Placed on the
calendar. _.
Call (D.) of Florida offered a resolution,
which went over until to-morrow, for the
appointment of , a select committee to in
quire into the imprisonment of E. V. Debs
in connection with the railroad strike. |
Pugh endeavored to call up his resolu
tion declaring ail Government obligations
payable in . silver, but was surprised to
learn that it had gone to the calendar and
declared that he had been "trapped" by
the skillful Senator from New York (Hill).
The resolution heretofore offered by
Warren (R.) of Wyoming, directing the
attention - of the Committee on Agricul
ture to the late unprecedented shrinkage
in * numbers and values of farm animals
throughout the United States, was taken
up and Warren addressed the Senate.
His speech was an argument in favor of
high protective duties, denouncing; the
Wilson tariff bill as "an emblem of benefi
cence to foreign interests and of disaster
to our own." He denied the claim made
in the recent speech of Vest (D.) of Mis
souri that the wool growing and the woolen
manufacturing interests had alike profited
under the Wilson bill.
The House bond bill with the free coin
age substitute was taken up at.2 .p . m.,
and 'Dubois (R.) of Idaho, addressed the
Senate in favor of the unlimited coinage
of gold and silver and such protection to
"raw materials" and the manufactured
products of the United States as would
prevent the ruinous * competition of the
poorly paid labor of foreign countries. He
believed emphatically in silver and protec
tion, and both were absolutely essential to
the prosperity and happiness of the people
of the United States.
At the close of Dubois' speech the bond
bill ; was laid aside and the [ resolution
offered by Sewell (R.) of New Jersey, in
relation to the Monroe doctrine, was laid
before the Senate, Daniel (D.) of Virginia
taking the floor to speak upon it. Daniel,
in the course of his speech, said:
Great Britain could least fitly of all
nations of, the earth object to the assertion
of the Monroe doctrine by the United
States, as it had been announced not
merely with the approval of the British
Minister of Foreign Affairs, „ but at his
earnest and oft-repeated solicitation. And
with no better grace could Great Britain
persist in repelling the manifold overtures
made to her ) for arbitration. ' The refusal
of Great Britain to arbitrate a question
nominally one of boundary between British
Guiana and the republic of Venezuela, in
volving many thousand square miles of
territory, ..had led to the controversy
between the British Government and the
United States.
In that correspondence the United States
Government had stood \ for and recom
mended arbitration, but Great Britain has
stood out against it and repelled it. To
all such appeals Great Britain has turned
a deaf ear. The responsibility of the first
Wrong was fixed on Great Britain, and
Congress and the administration stood out
in their appropriate altitude as friends of
justice and friends of peace. ~ '7- >t '.
"This nation," Daniel declared, "cannot
recede from the Monroe doctrine or from
the position ; taken by the President. j All
critics, all friends .of peace, should recog
nize this fact and take their reckoning. It
is not to be expected- of us to speak in
whispers or to start at shadows while the
corridors of the Capitol are ringing with
invectives leveled 4 against those who do
not applaud the aggrandizing spirit of
Great Britain." :■ -y-y . --••.
The close of Daniel's speech was liber
ally applauded. ■> ; - . ..-:■:■ -■-.-.-
M Jones ' (D.) of Arkansas ; moved -that
Thursday next be set as the day for taking
a vote on the bond bill, but withdrew it
upon the • suggestion lof Chandler (R.) of
New Hampshire, that he wait until a
larger attendance of Senators before mak
ing the motion. :■ '■ '■ '■■'' "■/'■■ '
The Senate then, after a brief executive
session, adjourned until to-morrow.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
Changes^ in the Rules for Counting a Quo
' ' - ' " rum Approved. "•'" '•' '-' 4'ypi
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 23.— mo
tion of Henderson' (R.) of lowa it was
agreed that when the House adjourned to
day it is to meet on Monday next, the Fri
day night session for the consideration of
private pension bills to be hold. - "-;• -
7 Henderson (R.) of lowa reported from
the Committee ;on Rules several minor
changes and the 'modified form of the
quorum ' , counting provision. . 'The I latter
reads as follows: .7' '- ' 7. .7\" 7 '
y "Whenever . a ' quorum fails 7to vote
on any question, 'and a 7 quorum is
not 7 present, arid 7an objection jis made
for that cause, unless the House shall ad
journ, there shall .be a call of 7 the House,
and the sergeant-at-arms shall forthwith
proceed to' bring in absent members, and
the ayes and noes on the pending question
shall at the same time be considered as or
dered. .;...;' - ; 7 77777 . . "'T' 777/
"The clerk shall call the roll, and each
member as he answers to his name may
vote on 7 the pending question, and ''after
the roilcall is completed, each member ar
rested ■ shall be brought by the sergeant
'at-arms* before " the House, whereupon he
shall be noted as present, discharged from
arrest" and < given .-; an opportunity to vote
and his vote shall be recorded.
"If those voting on the question and
those who are present decline to vote
shall together make a majority of the
House, the Speaker, shall declare that a
quorum is constituted and the pending
question shall be decided' as the majority
of -those . voting . shall - appear, and • there
upon further proceedings under the call
shall be considered as dispensed with. 'At
any time as the rollcall ? has been com
pleted, the Speaker may entertain a
motion to adjourn, if seconded by a
majority of ' those present," to be ascer
tained by actual count by the Speaker,
and if the House adjourn all proceedings
under this section shall be vacated. But
this section of the rule shall not apply to
the sessions of Friday night until further
orders by the House.
Along discussion followed Henderson's
explanation of the rules. -pp%
Miles (D.) of r Maryland offered an
amendment providing that the result of a
pending proposition shall be decided by
the votes of a majority 'of those members
present. The debate was continued by
Grow (R.) of Pennsylvania and Gibson
(R.) of Tennessee and concluded by Dal
zell (R.) of Pennsylvania, all supporting
the amendment, which was agreed to
after Miles' amendment had been rejected.
Walker (R.) of Massachusetts proposed
an amendment giving to members oldest
in the service the first right to draw for
seats at the beginning of the session. It
wap lost.
Crisp (D.) of Georgia moved to substi
tute for the code of rules the rules of the
Fifty-third Congress. Pending action on
this motion Dolliver (R.) of lowa made a
humorous, semi-sarcastic speech, con
gratulating the House and the country
upon the fact that even the Democratic
was consenting to a return of a reign of
reason in the conduct of affairs.
The events of to-day, he said, demon
strated that the Democratic party knew a
good thing when they had seen it long
enough. ' /
A These remarks drew from Crisp (D.) of
Georgia an earnest defense of the action of
the Democratic members in the Fifty-first
Congress in protesting against what they
deemed then, and which he still deemed, a
revolutionary proceeding on the part of
the Speaker at that * time. * He closed by
reminding Dolliver: that the rule of the
Fifty-third Congress giving the Committee
on Rules the right to report at any time,
which had formed the subject of a part of
Dolliver's remarks, bad been adopted word
for word by the Committee on Rules and
agreed to by the House. "I merely men
tion this," he said, "so that when the
gentleman again assumes to make a speech
he shall base it upon facts and not expose
his ignorance." <7*' A?
Dolliver explained that he had not in
tended when he took the floor to say any
thing that should disturb the serenity of
the Democrats and if any word of his had
tended to do so he regretted his utterance.
He could only account for it. he said, by
the nervous irritation caused by the indul
gence of an afternoon of constitutional
debate. [Laughter.]
Crisp's substitute was rejected and the
rules reported adopted. '
A resolution was agreed to authorizing
the printing of 2000 copies of the digest
and rules of the House.
Speaker Reed announced that Payne (R.)
of New York would act as Speaker pro
tern. at the Friday night session and unani
mous consent was given that at that ses
sion appropriation bills might be reported
for printing only. *"*'"'*""' "
I The House then at 4:30 o'clock took a
recess until Friday night and at the con
clusion of that session to stand adjourned
until Monday. ;,' " .— zzAyyZp'
CALLED INFAMOUS LIAR
Dr. Barth, Leader of the Radical
Party, Causes Trouble in
. the Reichstag.
Declared That American Gold Had
Been Used in the Bimetallic
Agitation.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 23.— 1n the
Reichstag to-day Dr. Barth, a leader of the
Radical Unionist party, asked Chancellor
yon Hohenlohe what bad been done with
the resolution in favor of bimetallism that
had been introduced during the last ses
sion of the Reichstag. The Chancellor
replied that he was not able yet to make
any. statement to the Chamber concerning
the resolution. .
Dr. Barth then declared that the bi
metallic agitation has been fomented out
side of Germany, adding that perhaps
American gold had assisted . the agitation.
| Herr yon Kardoff, the German cham- j
pion - of bimetallism and leader ;of the I
agrarian party.' challenged the production
of proof that any one of the German bi
metallists had been paid to represent
American interests and declared that .Dr.
Barth was an infamous liar.
Dr. Barth sprang from his seat and hotly
declared that such a remark, was an infamy
and an outrage on debate.
The president of the Chamber called Dr.
Barth to order, stating that he had not
heard the remark imputed to Herrvon
Kardoff. '? ■'■/'■
MORE TROOPS FOR ABYSSINIA.
Re-enforcements to Be Sent to the Italian
Forces. - Ty/i-pp
ROME, Italy, Jan. 23. — Additional
troops to the number of 600 men have been
ordered to proceed to Massowah, the capi
tal of the Italian colony of Erythrea
whence they will be dispatched to the in- I
terior of Abyssinia to re-enforce }he troops I
now campaigning against the forces of
King •Menelik.'^V'X-'-'';?^-*-^'^yy/^yii-x. -.
The banks here expect that the Govern
ment will shortly call for a loan of "00
--000,000 lire -to meet the expenses of 5 the
campaign against the Abyssinians -'■"• - '■"-'■'
I LONDON, Eng., Jan. 23. -1 The Times
will to-morrow ■ publish a dispatch sent
Thursday from Adagatnus, Abyssinia,
which states that an escaped prisoner who
Every Day
In the week Hood's Sarsaparilla should
be taken by 90 per cent of all the. people at
this time to prevent that run-down con- :
dition which invites disease.
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. AU druggists. $1.
HnnH'c'DS lie** ara. the best after-dinner
lIUUU » fills pills, aid digestion. 25 c.:
has arrived at that place says that owing
to the losses sustained in the several
attacks on the Italian garrison at Makaiie
the Abyssinians will not attack that place
again. It is their intention to wait until
the failure of the water supply of the place
compels the surrender of the Italian forces.
The dispatch adds that the garrison has
been reduced to a glass of wine and water
once a day. , . . . ..//'TT.
' Communication with the beleaguered
town is almost impossible.; ..
BUBNED BY INSURGENTS. *
Destruction of a Depot on a Cuban Rail'
tKßStLigmKSmS'oad.' "
t HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 23.— The railway
train which left Havana for Guana jay yes
terday/morning, failed .to return last
night. ''l The wires being' all down no
tidings of the train can be got, but it is
expected that it will be brought through
with an escort of troops to-day.
' The railroad line to Matanzas is closed
and the line between Havana and f Bata
band,' thirty-five miles southwest of the
capital, is operated only twice a week. The
stations along the line are still fortified.
It is reported that the railway station at
Catalina, beyond Guianes, forty-five miles
southwest of Havana, has been burned by
rebels. General Pando has been 7 assigned
to the command of the western field oper
ations. z-y.---r-r/yA
CHARLESTON, S. C, Jan. 23.— The
trial of Captain Samuel Hughes, master of
the steamship Laurada, who wa3 charged
with violating the neutrality laws of the
United States, was concluded in the United
States District Court to-day, and Captain
Hughes was acquitted by the jury after
not more than twenty minutes' consulta
tion. ,„ . .. . _.„£:■£'.
Will Go Into Mourning.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 23.— The Queen
drove out from Osborne House this aftesy
noon. The court will go into mourning
for a period ef six weeks for Prince Henry
of Battenberg. Prince Henry will be
buried with military honors. 3 His funeral
will take place at Windsor.
A Denial From Brazil.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 23.— The Brazilian
legation here has received a cable dispatch
from the Government at Rio de Janeiro
denying officially the story of trouble be
tween Brazil aod Great Britain and Brazil
and Italy. ; •-..._ ; . ' '
Inventor Olson Insane.
CHICAGO,' 111., Jan. 23.— M. Olson, who
was master mechanic and inventor in the
employ of the Chicago City Railway Com
pany for a dozen years, was adjudged in
sane in court to-day. He invented the
grip-car which is now in use on the cable
systems as well as many other valuable
street-railway equipments which be neg
lected to have patented. In 1893 he in
vented a car truck which is now in exten
sive use. He superintended the construc
tion of the Metropolitan Street Railway
of Kansas City, Mo.
„_ •_■-_ KEff to-pat; _y~~p
We hear so much crying
among our imitators about .;.
dull business 7in January
that it really makes us
laugh ; there isn't a dull
corner in the big store.
The big store knows how
to bring the • people to it : to
buy goods ; we make the
prices ; the people do the
rest.
Some 500 Suits same as
shown in picture above,
' awfully pretty ones, for the
little fellows between the
ages of 3, and 7, in all-wool
Scotches, suits that ; you
can't duplicate in town un-
der four, dollars. At the
big store to-day;
—$1.50—
RAPHAEL'S
* . (INCORPORATED). . .
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St
Frisco's Biggest Store.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABSf Y SJT. . Established
in I*B4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Mauhood. Debility or
(lisfas* wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin ©l-seasM, TbPdoctorcureswben
others fail. Trybim. Charge low
Br. J. JF. BJBO-H. box x957.Sa^y,SSS^
BRUSHESaL-S^
brew.™, bookbinder* <^dy-makers, awni^
dyer* aoormUl*. toundrles. laundriisTnaSS
kinecra. printers, painters, shoo factories aSSZ
men, tu-nogn, ,\*oaen, , tallow, ale/. Wn ** ■'*«•■
"^ ■* M BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Hanufucturer.. 609 BacramentoSfe.
Weak Men andWomen
Strength to the Sexual Organ* " *™ 1 ***SAN BERNARDINO'S
CITY TRUSTEES.
They Igorned an Order of
the Superior
Court.
CITED FOR CONTEMPT.
The Award of an Advertising
Contract Caused the
Trouble.
A NEW PAPER GOT THE WORK
Fighting Was Then the Order of the
Day Among the Other News
Sheets.
SAN BERNARDINO; Cal., Jan. 23.— At
the present time the San Bernardino City
Council is in what might be termed hot
water, and all because they have seen fit
to defy the Superior Court.
The cause of all the trouble is the award
ing of contracts for city advertising and
publishing the _, delinquent taxlist. The
bidders were the Sun, ihe Times-Index,
the Weekly Review and the Free Press,
the latter a little weekly paper started
about, three weeks ago. and which got in
the lowest bid, by several cents lower than
any of the others^ .
The managers of the other papers pro
tested against the Free Press getting the
work, and to prevent the Trustees from
awarding the contract they went before j
Judge Campbell aud asked that an injunc
tion be issued forbidding the Council to
act. . ' : ' >
Last evening notice was served on the
Council warning them that an injunction
would be issued. They met immediately
after and awarded the contract to the Free
Press. When this was made known war
was declared by the other papers, and this
morning the injunction itself was served, '
but was met with cool defiance by the
Council, as they had already let the con
tract.
But toward evening the fun passed
away, as Judge Campbell issued an order
citing the members to appear in court
Saturday morning to show cause why they
should not be punished for contempt of
court.
Attorneys are divided as to the con
tempt proceedings, some claiming that the
injunction proper was served too late,
while others claim that the notice served
first foretelling an injunction was suf
ficient, and that the Trustees are in con
tempt in the fullest sense of the word. An
exciting time is looked for next Saturday.
THE NEWS OF STANFORD
Annual Election of Officers 'of j
the Sophomore Class
Held.
Fencing Club Being Organized Death
of Professor Marx's Aged
' ■ * • • Mother.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
23. —The sophomore class met to-day and
held its regular election of class officers.
Four candidates were in the held for the
presidency, and the balloting was very
close. There wps a general interest taken
in the election, and a majority of the class
members were present to vote.
As a result of the contest the following
were elected officers for the present
semester: President, Steuart Cotton; vice
president, W. P. Harrington; secretary.
Miss I. Y. Fielder; treasurer, C. S. Flem
ing; sergeant-at-arms, Clarence Riggins;
class historian, Miss G. Mackintosh; base
ball manager, F. M. Stork; track manager,
\\\ C. McNeil.
A fencing club is being organized among
the students here, and from present indi
cations there are a large number of indi
viduals enough interested in that sport to
make such a club a success. -
News reached Professor C. D. Marx in
the early part of the week that his aged
mother "was lying seriously ill in New Or
leans, and on Tuesday he left for the
Southern city. To-day a telegram came
saying that Mrs. Marx passed away yester
day, so the son will arrive too late. Pro
fessor Marx is one of the most popular in
structors here and much sympathy is ex
pressed for him in his bereavement.
Dr. Jordan will probably leave for
Merced this evening. He delivers a lec
ture there to-morrow evening on "Evolu
tion." From Merced Dr. Jordan will go
to Chico, where he is scheduled to deliver
the commencement address before the
Normal School graduating class. He will
not return immediately to the university,
but will spend a short time in Chico.
It has just been announced that Rev. H.
C. Minton, D.D., head of the Presbyterian
Theological Seminary at San Anselmo, is
to deliver the sermon here on Sunday.
THE SANTA CBUZ N. D. G. W.
They Install Their Officers- and
Finish With a Banquet.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 23.— Santa
Cruz Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, installed its officers-elect to
night, and concluded the event with a
banquet, which was attended by the full
membership of the parlor.
The new officers installed by District
Deputy Grand President Miss Stella
Fmkeldey were: Past president, Mrs.
Katie Pringle; president, Miss Mac Wil
kins; firßt vice-president; -' Mrs. Gussie
Lindsay; second vice-president, Mrs. Clara
Dake; third vice-president, Mrs. Emma
Holliday* recording secretary, Mrs. Clara
Staffner; financial secretary, Miss Daisy
Longly; marshal, Mrs. Lillian Brouse;
trustees— Mrs. C. E. Rice. Mrs. Frank
Bartlett and Miss Alice Maderia.
After tbe formal ; business was over, the
Daughters retired to the banquet-room and
enjoyed a dainty Spanish supper, and
then finished the evening with a dance,
The Native Sons gave a banquet to, com
plete their installation and made it a stag
affair, so the Native Daughters deter
mined to have a jolly time among them
selves, and therefore invited no men to
participate in their festivities. _W^_\Wtm
' ». - - - . <-
SEATTLE STEAMSHIP FIGHT.
Peace Once More Broods Over the Ship-
i pert and Skippers. _
SEATTLE, Wash., . Jan. 23.— A bitter
light between the Goodall. Perkins &
Co. s propellers and the Pacific Coast
Steamship line and the Schwabacher
Bros. & Co.'s concern, which has several
wholesale houses in this State, is at an
end, having been in progress more than
three years. ; .
After landing at her own dock this
morning the City of Puebla pulled over to
Schwabacher's wharf and discharged 125
tons of freight, whereupon Wharf Man
ager Carrill announced that the steamship
line was again in possession ot Schwa
bacher's business. With the withdrawal
Schwabacher's patronage went to the
principal business support of the Farallone
and opposition lines, "leaving the Pacific
Coast Steapj.ship-*omi.any a monopoly of
the freight and passenger traffic between
Puget Sound ports and San Francisco.
THE NEWS OF NAPA.
A Convicted Thief Goes to Prison— lhe
.-. Rain Doing Great Good.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 23.— Ernest Geiger,
who some days ago was tried and convicted
on two charges of grand larceny and
burglary and sentenced to Folsom for
eight and twelve years respectively, was
to-day taken to Folsom by Sheriff Mc-
Kenzie to serve his term.
Geiger has paled perceptibly during his
confinement in the County Jail, and was
very weak when taken away.
Another rainstorm set in last night
throughout this valley, and about half an
inch of rain fell during the night, making
13.54 inches for the season, as against
26.75 inches for the corresponding period
last year. 7
E. Dunton, the man who had Ethel
Brandon, the notorious thief, arrested
Wednesday night in San Francisco, as re
ported by The Call this morning, and who
claimed "he was from Napa, is unknown
here. No such name appears on the
Great Register of this county.
FRESNO'S ILLICIT DISTILLER.
j Held to Appear Before the Los Angeles
Federal Grand -Jury.
FRESNO. Cal.. Jan. 23.— (Special)—
I Simon Seropian, who was arrested here
I yesterday charged with conducting an
illicit distillery, had his examination
i before United States District Court Com
-1 missioner Prince to-day.
Seropian employed "Counsel and made a
hard fight to save himself. The whole day
I was occupied by the examination. At its
] close Seropian was held to appear before
! the Federal Grand Jury at Los Angeles
with his bond fixed at $1000. His prem
j ises on Fresno street, worth about $6000,
j are in the hands of the revenue officers.
GOVERNOR RYERSON DEAD.
Passed Away in San Diego Yes
terday After an Eventful.
Career.
His Life Full of Excitement,' War,
Romance and Affairs of
State.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 23. — George
Ryerson, late Governor of Lower Cali
; fornia and an. occasional resident of San
: Diego since 1852, died in this city this
: morning. He had been suffering for sev
j eral years from Bright's disease. ( 7
Governor Ryerson was born in St. Louis,
| Mo.. March 10, 1852, and went to Chi
huahua, Mexico, when he was 18 years of
j age. There his love for adventure and
strange and exciting experiences was
, gratified, for he found himself surrounded
'■ by as desperate a lot of men as are often
| gathered together. He remained there ■
two years and came to San Diego in the
fall of 1852 with a large drove of sheep,
brought clear through from Chihuahua.
In 1859 he married Guadaloupe Serrano, '
who, with her brother, owned three square i
leagues of land in the Vallecitos Valley j
and large herds of cattle and sheep. Ryer- I
i son became a Mexican citizen and re- !
mained so until his death. In the early !
'60'?, wh.n the late War of the Rebellion j
was on, ne caught the fever and left for j
New Orleans, where he joined the South- I
crn army and soon became colonel of a i
regiment. He remained to the end of the i
war, his wife in the meantime not know- i
ing anything at all of his whereabouts. i
She finally heard he was dead and married
again. y/'-//;:
With her husband she lived part of the ;
time at her home in Vallecitos and part of
the time near San Bernardino. One night j
six or seven years after his departure, the i
little side-wheel steamer from San Fran- j
Cisco put into San Diego Bay and the next
morning George Ryerson appeared in his
old familiar haunts. Later he proceeded
to Vallecitos, rejoined his wife and re- !
sumed charge of the property there, the
second husband having previously de
parted.
* He then settled down to serious busi- j
ness and become a progressive and pros- i
perous farmer. . His extensive knowledge
of the country, its peculiarities, and his
success in dealing with the Mexicans was
a sufficient reason for the Mexican Presi
dent appointing him Sub-Prefect of the
northern portion of Lower California, the
Governor residing at La Paz. . .
He was also elected' President of the
municipality of Ensenada, which in
cludes the entire territory of the northern
half of the peninsula.
Certain it is that George Ryerson made j
a successful and popular excecutive and i
he held the office until 1887, when Luis
Torres was appointed his successor. Gov- i
ernor Ryerson was a natural leader among i
men. He had perhaps the best knowledge ■
of Mexican law, customs and the people I
of any man on the peninsula. His former !
estate gradually passed from him and he j
died comparatively poor. *
A BRUTAL CHICO HUSBAND
His Divorced Wife Takes a Shot
at Him in Self-
Defense.
The Fellow Spends His Time in Get
ting Drunk and Annoying
Her.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 23.— A telephone dis
patch to-day reports that the town of
Willows, Glenn County, was startled last
evening by hearing three pistol shots in j
rapid succession.
On investigation it was learned the shots
were fired by Mrs. Emma Longmire to
protect herself and children from the
assaults of her ex-busband, Lewis Long
mire. From Mrs. Longmire it was learned
that last evening about half-past 7 Long
mire, from whom she was recently di
vorced, went to her house on the out
skirts of the town, where she lived with
her two children, and demanded admit
tance, and when she refused he threatened
to kill her and the children and attempted
to break down the door of the house. ■
Being in mortal fear of the man, she
fired the shots ,to frighten him away.
Persons who ■ went to the /house imme
diately after the shooting, say that Long
mire was standing near the curbing apply
ing the vilest kind of epithets to Mm.'
Longmire and her children. An effort will
be made to have him placed under bonds
to keep the peace. .-, '"/,'_.'
■ :•- ( r-I p_i _♦___•-.,. .'■:■.
A New Fresno Paper.
. FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 23.— A new Demo
cratic paper is announced for Fresno, to
make its appearance next Monday. It
will be edited _by , Ex-Senator G. G.
Goucher and will be published weekly at
first, with a prospect of changing it -to : a
daily later on.
THE SAN FRA CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
THE LIVE NEWS
OF LOS ANGELES
Important Combine of Lead
ing Street Railway
Lines.
IT CAME OUT IN COURT.
A Widow Robbed of Her Hus
band's Life Insurance by
a Detective.
CRUEL WORK OF A VILLAIN.
Policies Amounting to Six Thousand
Dollars Were Settled for
Two Hundred.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.— was
revealed this morning in Department 2 of
the Superior Court that the Main-street
and Agricultural Park Railway has been
sold to the Los Angeles Electric Railway
syndicate and that the transfer took effect
January 1. \"=. '.:,
The matter came to light through a pe
tition filed this morning by J. Downey
Harvey, executor of the will of J. G. Dow
ney, deceased, in which he asks for a con
firmation by the court of the sale of 725
shares in that company by the adminis
trator to the Bank of California and
Pacific Roliing-mill syndicate, who own
the electric railway. The price paid
was $30 per share.
A copy of the contract for the sale was
filed with the petition, which shows that
the total number of shares of stock is
4000 at a par value of $50 eacn; that the
stockholders, chief of whom are J. W.
Broderick and Mrs. Jesrum, sell at $30 per
share. They . deposit the stock in the
hands of H. W. Hellman, trustee, and re
ceive payment of $5 upon each share, the
balance to be paid in thirty months and to
bear interest at 6 per cent.  . 7
Then the Main-street and Agricultural
Park Railway Company proceed to issue
$350,000 of ten-year 5 per cent bonds, of
which $150,000 are to be sold and the
money used to electrize the railway and
be otherwise expended to its betterment.
The other $200,000 of bonds are to be de
posited with Hellman & Broderick. trus
tees, and to be delivered as called for by the
syndicate, to be used for the betterment of
I the road. Neither the trustees nor the
company are to have anything to do with
; the expenditure of this money except to
I see that it is SDent upon the road.
If at the end of thirty months this syn
i dicate does not pay the remaining $25 per
share and take down the stock from the
hands of Trustee Hellman then the deal is
declared off and all money paid is for
feited. Under this arrangement, there
fore, $20,000 has been paid on the trans
action. Tj.:..:,77-T- ./ .*"."'.
ROBBERY OF A WIDOW.
A Detective Cheats Her Out of Her Hus
band's Life Insurance.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jam 23.-It de
veloped to-day in the case jf Myers vs.
the Life Association of Minneapolis, which
is now on trial in Department 4 of the
Superior Court, that when Mr. Myers died
the physician here advised the company
not to pay the policy until it could be in
vestigated. ,
Detective A. B. Lawson offered the com
pany to settle the business for $2000. The
theory was that the policies had been
fraudulently obtained by the deceased
representing himself as being healthy
when he was in fact afflicted with kidney
trouble. ' , - ._,.. r, _
Lawson gave the company a bond to save '
them from paying an v more, the !
policies amounting to $6000. He got the
$2000, and by frightening the widow got
her to accept $100 and give up the policies.
She now claims that "she was weak and
nervous and was taken advantage of.
LOS ANGELES OIL FIELD,
Combination of the Producers and Mem
• 7 ; 7 / . bers of the Exchange.
LO3 ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.—
I final meeting of the producers and mem-
I bers of the Oil Exchange was- held this
j evening in the Board of Trade rooms,
! when the agreement was finally perfected
| whereby all the oil product of the local
! held will be disposed of through the ex
! clusively at a price to be fixed and at a
| cost to the producer of not to exceed 5 per
i cent of the amount realized.
Signatures to this agreement have been
; secured, representing 60 per cent of the
! local oil output. An expert examination
| of the Los Angeles city oil field discloses
i the fact that there is 187,000,000 barrels of
j oil under a known oil territory of 700 acres.
LOS ANGELES LABORING MEN.
Grand Mass-Meeting Held in Grace M. E.
.Church by Request.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.-For the
first time in the history of Los Angeles a
meeting of laboring men was this evening
held in a church.
It was a mass-meeting, under the auspi
ces of the Los Angeles County Council of
Labor, and was held by invitation of the
pastor, Rev. Will A. knighten, in Grace
M. E. Church. The church edifice was
crowded. • •
Addresses were delivered by the presi
dents of the various unions in the city, of
which there arc twenty-seven different
trades organized. Resolutions were
adopted condemning the police for the
illegal and unconstitutional arrest and de
tention of citizens in defiance of their
guaranteed rights under the law.
AN ALHAMBRA SUDDEN DEATH.
Heart Disease, the Result of Heavy Drink
ing, the Cause.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.— Charles
B. Torrance, a rancher of Alhambra, was
found dead in bed this morning. Coroner
Campbell was summoned and at once went
to Alhambra.
An investigation revealed the fact that
death was due to valvular disease of the
heart.; Torrance ; had at one time been = a
butcher in Alhambra, but had sold out his
business to his partner.
He was living with his parents when his
death occurred. He was a heavy drinker
and that is supposed to , have brought
about his death. He was unmarried and
about 35 years of age. -
REFORMS, IN LOS ANGELES.
The City Council Establishes a New
Policy and Official' Heads Come Off.
LOS ANGELES, Cal. , Jan. 23.— The
City Council to-day at a special meeting
inaugurated a policy of retrenchment by
decapitating about twenty sub-officials. .
' Several positions were consolidated and
some officials will now be compelled to do
double duty as compared with their past
service. Deputyships in the Auditor's,
Street Superintendent's and Tax Col
lector's offices were abolished..
The county Grand Jury is now investi
gating the books of j city "officials with the
aid of nine experts, and some 1 develop
ments are expected in a few days.
A LOS ANGELES FAILURE.
Broadway Department Store Attached by
Several Creditors Yesterday.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.—
Broadway Department store was attached
this morning and a keeper placed in
charge. ■'."■' y'T
The firm of L. Dinkelspiel & Son, of San
Francisco, placed the attachment for a
small debt, but late this afternoon other
attachments were placed by the attorneys
of the Los Angeles Board of Trane.
Williams & Co., the proprietors, assert
that the failure is not a bad one, and that
their : creditors will get every dollar due.
It has been suspected for several weeks
past that the failure would take place, as
the firm had failed in many instances to '
meet its obligations.
The store is a big one, but, while includ
ing- many departments, was never fully
stocked. The owners came here last fall,
and the store has only had an existence of
about four months.
BBITISH COLUMBIA LEGISLATURE
It Convened at Victoria Yesterday Amid
Salvos of Artillery.
VICTORIA, B. C., Jan. 23.— Pro
vincial Legislature convened this after
noon amid salvos of artillery. A distin
guished gathering of military and naval
officials were in attendance, including Ad
miral Stephenson of the North Pacific
squadron.
Governor Dewdney's message dealt prin
cipally with the internal development of
the province, the mining, fishing, lumber
ing and other industries being referred to.
The strained relations between the impe
rial Government and certain foreign pow
ers was averted to, commending the spirit
of loyalty manifested in all parts of the
empire, in which British Columbia cordi
ally unites.
In concluding his Excellency referred to
the death of Prince Henry of Battenburg,
expressing sympathy for the royal family
in their bereavement.
THE CODE COMMISSION
Assemblyman Hatfield Says It
Has Accomplished but
Little.
Its Members and Those of the Railroad
Commission Are Roundly
Criticized. /p.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 23.— There
i"* a general provision which requires State
officials and commissions to establish their
headquarters at the State Capitol, and
when the original bill creating the Code
Commission was presented to the late
Legislature Assemblyman Hatfield, intro
duced an amendment to the bill which
distinctly provided that the commission
shall hold its meetings in a room in the
Capitol building, to be furnished by the
Secretary of State.
Now, as a matter of fact, the Code Com
mission has not met in this city since the
summer of last year; on the contrary, it
has been sojourning in San Francisco.
Assemblyman L. T. Hatfield, an attorney
of Sacramento, proposes to see that this
commission, appointed for the revision
and re-form of tbe .'aw, shall comply with
the law, j and if there is . any meaning in
the English language then the amendment
to the act creating the Code Commission
means that it should meet in this city.
Despite this amendment the members
persist in holding their meetings in San
Francisco, wh ere they have been for
months. Hatfield further claims that he
believes that the commission has accom
plished little if anything in the year in
which it has held office. Hatfield said :
. '.'Judge Daly has been assisting in the
Railroad Commission case for several
months. Judge Baldwin of Stockton has
been sick for over a month, and unable to
attend to his duties in San Francisco.
The commission is surrounded by politi
cal and other interests which tend to de
tract from the attention which it should
bestow on tne duties of its office. Each
Commissioner gets $4000 per year, being
the same salary as that paid to a Superior
Judge, and it was unquestionably the in
tention of the Legislature that they should
give their entire time to the work for
which the commission was created.
"The expense of maintaining'this com
mission is over $16,000 per year for salaries
alone. When this bill was introduced
into the Legislature it was a pet bill with
all the attorneys throughout the State
and great things were expected of it, but
unless there is a change between now and
the meeting of the next Legislature the
prospects are that the commission will be
abolished owing to the fact that the work
done has not been commensurate in any
sense with the amount expended. ;
• "The claim of the Commissioners that
they want to be in San Francisco in order
to be in close contact with the attorneys
of the State is the rankest nonsense, for
they certainly must realize that their time
is too valuable to listen to personal argu
ments from attorneys, and that in order to
expedite their work all suggestions should
be mailed to the commission in brief, and
these could' be received fully as well in
Sacramento as in San Francisco."
This was one of the last bills that Gov
ernor Budd signed, and he hesitated long
before signing, fearing that it might be the
creating of a useless commission at a time
when California was more heavily taxed
than any other State in the, Union. It is
said by those who are intimate with the
Governor that this commission has been
one of his - sorest trials. He fears that
through lack of application it will not ac
complish what the people expect, and it is
further rumored that he has demanded
that they come to Sacramento and go to
work.
Governor Budd himself states that he is
so interested in the result of this commis
sion's work that he has accepted the vol
untary offer of his own father, Hon. Judge
Budd of Stockton, who has agreed to de
vote every spare moment of time to assist
ing the Commissioners in the revision of
the codes. .'--'•' - ' "'■ 4', ' ' r
HOC NIX LADY OFFICER.
The First Ever Appointed in. Any of the
territories.
PHOENIX, Abu.., Jan. 23.— Governor
Hughes to-day appointed Mrs. Rebecca G.
Phillips a member of the Board of Educa
tion of the Territorial Normal School.'
This is the first appointment of a woman
on this board ever; made in ; the Territory
or any other Territory or ' State where
women are not electors under the law.
Mrs. Phillips is formerly from Philadel
phia, a leading spirit of the W. C. T. U.,
and the corresponding secretary sof the
Woman's Suffrage Association of Arizona,
and has taken 7 much "interest in the cause
of education and reform. ' . '
The appointment will evoke great dis
cussion' as to its legality, but the lady is
admirably, qualified for the position and,
if the Governor stands firm, will undoubt
edly win the fight.
Eureka Burglar Sentenced.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 23.— Harry Jones,
charged with burglarizing the store of A.
W. Erickson at . Areata '. on 7 December 11,
1895, pleaded guilty and was to-day sen
tenced by Judge Wilson to three years in'
San Quentin.
DEMAND OF THE
ALASKA INDIANS
They Want a White Man
Hanged as a Just
Retribution.
A TRIBE MEMBER KILLED
Their Doctrine an Eye for an
Eye and Tooth for a
Tooth.
WORK OF PORTLAND ROBBERS.
They Held an Old Man Up in the Day
time and Took His Watch
and Money.
■ . !
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 23. — Horace
Stevens, just, from Alaska, says: "The
action of the Killisnoo Indians in sending
a delegation to Governor Sheakley at
Sitka, demanding the immediate execution
of a man named Mills, charged with the
murder of one of their tribe, is but a result
of the summary treatment accorded them
by this Government during the witchcraft
troubles some years ago. when Commander
Merrimnn with the United States steam
ship Adams landed a force of men and
rounded up the tribe and then treated
them to the sight of their village being
bombarded and their canoes torn into
splinters with Gatiing missiles.
P At the time the lesson was a needed one,
the Killisnoos having caused great trouble
and anxiety among the whites by their
insistence in continuing the barbarous
rites of their religion, if so it may be called,
of an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
If a man fell sick some witch must have
caused his illness, and the medicine man
was just as likely to pick out a white
employe of the Northwest Trading Com
pany as being the sorcerer as to select an
Indian.
On tbe occasion of the Adams guns be
ing turned on the village the Killisnoos
had acted in a more than usual high
handed manner. A Siwash had been
killed by the premature discharge of a
bomb in the company's whaleboat, for
which the Indians demanded the life of a
white man. There was an epidemic of
typhoid fever among them which, as it at
tacked one after another of the tribe, they
concluded must come from the whites,
and the salmon were late in running,
which fact they laid to the workings of
the trading company's pile-driver, claim
ing the shock as the hammer fell was car
ried along the bottom of the channel to
the king salmon, who he warned and
turned the fish into some other bay.
The cure for all these troubles, accord
ing to their light, was the securing for
torture and ultimate death of a white. A
big medicine potlash was held and a young
lad .working on the company's steamer
was decided to be the witch. Plans for his
capture were at once laid, but through the
talkativeness of a squaw, living with a
white man, for the time being failed, and
suddenly the lad disappeared.
NEWS OF SANTA BARBARA
Jerry Bruggy Convicted of an
Assault to Murder
_-...■., ■'■-':
Yesterday. • '-
The Philadelphia Returned to Port,
but the Monterey Did Not
Materialize.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 23.—
Jerry Bruggy, who has been on trial on
the charge of attempt to murder preferred
by Judge Thomas Henley of Santa Maria,
was to-day convicted by a jury in the Su
perior Court.
Although a number of witnesses came
down from the northern part of the county
to testify in the case, including the old
gentleman who had so narrow an escape
from death at the hands of the prisoner,
the * trial was rushed through with dis
patch, being given to the jury at sunset
and decided within half an hour.
It was Bruggy's intention to argue his
own case, but as the time for the trial
approached his forensic couraged weak
ened and ex-District Attorney Putnam
undertook the defense. Perhaps the most
curious feature of the case is that not-,
withstanding the months in which Bruggy
has lain in the County Jail and the con
viction of the officers that he is an old
criminal, it has been impossible to ascer
tain his previous record or to learn any
thing whatever concerning his life prior to
his coming to this county. .-:. ..;...- v
WOODLAND PERJURERS FREED.
Cases Not to Be Tried on Account of a
Saving of Expense.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 23. — Rather
than subject the county to the expense of
trying the cases the authorities have de
cided not to prosecute for perjury George
A. and Matthew Miller, two of the princi
pal witnesses for the defense in the case of
Stuart, convicted ,of robbing Postmaster
Morrin of Rumsey. ■■■■;,-.-
The jury that found the robbers guilty
practically decided that the two men men
tioned had sworn falsely. The authorities
believe that the Millers, who live in Colusa
County, will not again inflict their \ pres
ence upon Yolo County, and while it is
not desired: to foster .the too prevalent
crime of perjury, it is argued that it is not
incumbent upon Yolo County to pose as a
moral monitor for her neighbors. -.:
However, it is. possible that the matter
may be called to the , attention of the
Grand Jury, which will meet next Tues
day. . ' /.: .';■ ■■ ; -j
TWO HIGHWAYMEN ARRESTED.
Held Up an Old Man in Broad Daylight
APT and Bobbed Him.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 23.— This evening
east side Officers Minor and Wilhelm ar
rested James Ball and John Williams for
holding up an old man at Mount Tabor in
broad daylight this afternoon. 7 , ; -
/ They robbed him of a little money and a
gold watch and 7 then disappeared in a
clump of ; bushes. Their victim; though,
shadowed them till he met Justice of the
Peace Herners of Mounts Tabor driving
along the road in his buggy. ; Herners was
quickly informed of y the crime, . and ■he
drove '-. behind A the , robbers, who . all this
time ; imagined | themselves free from pur
suit. They ; lingered along the highway
, till ; dusk, when they went to Sunuyside.
The Justice, however, did not lose sight of
the robbers, and as they entered a grocery
store at West End avenue the officers
timely hove in sight aad Herners ordered
their arrest. These men, though, are not
believed to be the footpads who for some
time past have been engaged in wholesale
highway robberies on the east side. They
are new hands, encouraged in the business
by the failure of the police to capture the
men more particularly wanted. -■-..-
BAKERSFIELD'S FIELD DAY.
The Dogs in Good Condition and a Large
Attendance.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 23.—
was the last day of the regular field trials.
There may be an amateur stake to-mor
row, but at this hour it is doubtful, as few
entries have been made. The weather is
cloudy, but good for dogs. There was a
good attendance, including 'a number of
ladies. - " . -'■•'y-;-/py*
i The first brace put down was Silver Plate
and Orion, who were down 25 minutes.
Then Josephine and Nemo II were down
for 63 minutes. Betsy Mark and Glen
beigh Jr. then ran for 19 minute-.. After
lunch Orion and Nimrod ran for 23 min
utes. The last brace was Nimrod and
Glenbeigh Jr. They were down for about
2*4 i hours, changing about considerably.
. The 9 judges announced their decision
late this evening, as follows: Nimrod first,
Glenbeigh second, Orion third. The event
will conclude with a big free barbecue at
the Stockdale ranch at noon to-morrow,
given by W. S. Tevis.
BAKEBSFIELD THIEVES.
They Steal and Forge a Money Order and
'./ -.:._ One Gets Left.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. Postal
Inspector Flint arrived here this morning
to investigate a theft and forgery of a
money order. A warrant was sworn out
for Theo. de Court, already in jail on
another charge under the alias of Smith.
He with Gyle and Harp were examined
before Commissioner Maude this after
noon, and were held for trial. The evi
dence was very direct and convincing.
They will be taken to Los Angeles for
trial. It developed that Gyle stole the
order and forged the signature, then gave
it to Harp, who "blew it in" in a dive for
wine with a waiter girl. Gyle never got a
cent or even a drink out of the steal.
MORE OIL IN SAN DIEGO
Promising Indications on the
Mesa Twelve Miles From
the City.
Company of Denver Capitalists Or
ganized lo Operate Copper Mines
and Oil Wells.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 23.— Indications
of heavy oil strata have been found on
the Otay Mesa, twelve miles from this
I city, on the Mexican boundary, and a com
pany is now being formed to place ma
chinery and prospect on a large scale.
Deposits of mineral paint have been
found which are so strongly impregnated
with oil that the stuff will burn. Otay
Mesa is six or eight miles long by three
wide and is several hundred feet above the
valley. Geologists say that the surround
ings and the character of the ground give
every indication of an abundance of oil at
no great depth. "- ''*7 p:
Operations are continued at Point Loma
without abatement and the drill is now
down over 400 feet. The company ex
pects to find oil at 900 feet, though some
irregularities in the strata have discon
certed the geologists.
Boring is also going on aiDelmar, where
oil was accidentally found by a rancher
digging a well. The oil was so strong that
the well was useless for water and it was
continued as an oil well. The oil stream
is supposed to be the same as that under
Point Loma and a continuance of that of
Los Angeles.
Tbe iron and copper country in the
vicinity of San Isidro, Lower California,
has been found to be promising in oil and
the Woods Investment Company of Den
ver is said to be about to prospect for it.
A member of the company is expected to
arrive to-morrow from the City of Mexico,
where he went to secure concessions from
the Mexican Government for erecting
smelters at San Isidro and San Fernando
for the handling of copper ores.
The company has acquired the largest
copper mines on the peninsula outside of
Santa Rosalia, and a large amount of
money is about to be invested. A schooner
is now off that coast gathering a cargo -of
copper ore to be taken to San Francisco.
FATAL TACOMA FIRE.
A Drunken Man Upsets a Lamp and
. Perishes in the Flames. .7 '(->
T ACOM A, Wash., Jan. 23.— A fatal fire
occurred this evening at 9:40 o'clock at
2933 Barley street, in which James Mc-
Laughlin lost his life through his own
. carelessness.
He had gone upstairs in a drunken con
dition and upset the lamp at the head of
the stairs. Fighting the fire as best he
could in his stupor, he fell from exhaus
tion on his bed and was smothered by
smoke, his arms being badly burned. He
leaves two daughters.
The residence he occupied, a two-story
structure costing about $900, was only
damaged about $150 no insurance.
Quick Work in Nevada City.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Jan. Henry
Hart, charged with burglary, had his hear
ing in the Justice Court at 10:30 o'clock
and was held to answer. The information
was filed at 11 o'clock. He appeared be
fore the Superior Court at 11:30 o'clock,
pleaded guilty, got one year at Folsom,
and goes down to-morrow. "
Italian Warship at Victoria.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Jan. 23.— The Italian
warship Christopher Columbus reported at
the mouth of the straits at 4 p. m.
anew to-day.
A TERRIBLE MISTAKE.
A Case of "Out of the Fryln^-Pan
Into the Fire."
Frequent physicking as a cure for a whole
catalogue of troubles is the terrible mis-
take that is mining the health and short-
ening the lives of thousands every year. 7
.• When the eye is lnsterless, the complex-
ion yellow or dingy, head aching, the brain
dull, the limbs tired and heavy, the spirits
depressed and energy at ebb tide, pills and
purgatives are employed to violently move
the bowels, which, if frequently repeated,
leaves the digestive apparatus in a state of
complete collapse. '■/ -
Nature is not a carthorse to be driven
with a whip. What is needed is a stimu-
lant and invigorator like Peruvian Bitters.
Its use causes the inactive stomach, the
torpid liver and bowels to naturally resume
their functions. If the . system contains
any malarial poisons, cold or fever, nothing
known to medical science will so effectually
drive it out as the world-famous Peruvian
Bark— the .most important - , ingredient of
Peruvian Bitters, a faultless, powerful tonic
that restores brilliancy to the eye, the glow
of health to the face, clearness to the intel-
lect/and keenness of perception to all the
senses and faculties.
Mack & Co., San Francisco. All drug-
gists and dealers.
.HEW to-day; '.
\ f cXm,
7 f r — /▼o.hC V
Our big boys like the big
store, like it for many reasons ;
because, it's up-to-date ; because
our clothes are up-to-date, just
chock-a-block -with style ; that's
why they like it, and they can
dress stylish without the usual
riders of extravagant prices.
Some remarkably clever Suits,
as shown in picture above, for
our young friends between the
ages of 12 and 19, in Blue Chev-
iots, jauntily cut, cleverly tai-
I lored, suits that other stores are
getting $11 and $12 for spe-
cial with us at
—$5.60—
IT PAYS TO TRADE
AT THE BIG STORE.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
j9. 11. 13, 15 Kearny Street
I Frisco's Largest and Most Popular House.
i
l ~~~
"* >#^^V O
•^zmtls^^^^amA^^^^^^^^K.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's -Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
diseases of the head, thro..t, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling- of the glands!
-Loss or partial loss of sexual power In either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
basbfulness, failing memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an.l permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
■ WRITE your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address - -F. L. SWEANY, M.D., -
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
» ' ■ San .Francisco. Cal.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
lil $?i6si
ON ACCOUNT THE FENCE.
Do you know a bargain if you see it? If rou do
call and examine a line of Ladies' Button and Lace
Shoes which we offer for sale this week. They are
made of the finest French vicl kid, and have "verv
pointed toes and pointed patent-leather tips, and
are hand-sewed welts, and . we will sell them for
S2.es,
And being hand-sewed welts,- they are free from
tacks, nails or threads. They are perfect litters,
and are made in the very latest style. Button or
lace, all sizes, ail widths. The r.guiar price ti.
MSf Country orders seuanwt,
'■ J6Tj_r__end for New Ulustratod Cata'.ogaa.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI.
10 Third Street, San Frunclaoo.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO*
TAM A Ft A to xs" 1 * "■
1 ft fill n IB very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
__-___-_ _»__ hemorrhoids, bile,
i Hi ii H CM losa of appetite, gastric and
I■■ iH£ mm intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ ■ *■ ■■ headache arising
.;'•'•■_. ■'.." :■.,■■■; v "from them. - i
OKI IN 33 Ru<* des" Archives! Part*
12 1. Ilk. la If II Sold by .Ui Dinzr.su.
-l-.i'l :',-■- ■
34
THE LATE NEWS
OF SAN JOSE
Absconding Contractor M.
Clinton Is Now Very-
Repentant.
SAYS HE WAS GOING BACK
All but About Seven Hundred
Dollars He Took Was
Recovered.
A BASEBALL PLAYER'S PLIGHT.
Kchn, Who Swindled the Russ House
on a Forged Check, Is in
• Custody.
SAN JOSE, Cai... Jan. 23.— Menzo Clin
ton, the absconding contractor who left
this city five weeks ago with some $3000
belonging to a number of sub-contractors,
and who was arrested in San Francisco
last evening by Sheriff Lyndon on a charge
of felony-embezzlement, was brought back
to this city this morning and lodged in
the County Jail.
It seems likely that Clinton will make a
satisfactory settlement with his bonds
men, as it is not believed he could be con
victed of embezzlement, as in appropri-
ating the money to his own use it was
simply a breach of trust.
Clinton said to-day that be was thor
oughly repentant and was on his way to
San Jose to settle up when arrested.
When arrested Clinton had $2259 in his
possession, winch was taken charge of by
Sheriff Lyndon. At noon to-day J. J.
Cherrie, one of Clinton's bondsmen, began
an attachment suit against Clinton, and
the money in the Sheriff's hands was lev
ied upon. He alleges in his complaint
that the defendant became indebted to his
firm in the sum of §2665, the amount of
their liability on the bond of David Jacks,
the owner of the building which Clinton
was erecting when he left. An attachment
was served on the $2259 in the hands of the
Sheriff.
W. A. Bowden, attorney for Clinton,
said this afternoon that he had practically
arranged a settlement that was satisfactory
to all. He said Clinton ordered the Sheriff
to pay $2259 to Cherrie & Co., his bonds
men, and when this was done Mr. Cherrie
would have the complaint dismissed.
Late yesterday aiternoon Clinton was
examined before Justice Cass on the charge
of felony embezzlement.
J. J. Cherry, who swore to the complaint
which caused a warrant to be issued for
Clinton's arrest on the charge of embezzle
ment, was the only witness examined. He
testified as to his connection with the ac
cused and to the payment of $2500 on the
contract by Clayton & Co. for David Jacks,
which should have been applied to the
payment of sub-contractors and for
material, but stated that Clinton had em
bezzled no money from him. After hear
ing this testimony it was apparent that
there was no evidence to convict on the
charge, and the District Attorney moved
that the complaint be dismissed, which
was granted by the Justice.
»
NORMAL SCHOOL TRUSTEES.
Committee Appointed to Report on Rais
ing the Standard of the School.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— The Board of
Trustees of the State Normal School of
San Jose met at 8 o'clock this evening.
All the members were present except Gov
ernor Budd.
A motion by Trustee Angell to raise the
standard of the school as high as pos
sible was passed and a committee of three
was appointed to confer with the faculty
in respect to the same and to report its
decision to the joint meeting of the Nor
mal trustees of the State, which convenes
in this city in April.
The report of the executive committee,
showing a balance of $35,942 38 in the
various funds, was read and adopted.
Professor A. H. Randall was elected vice
principal of the school, Trustee Angell
alone voting in the negative. The report
of Principal Childs showed 042 students in
the normal department and 190 in the
training department. About seventy pu
pils were granted diplomas. The meeting
adjourned until to-morrow morning.
KOHN, THE SWINDLER, CAUGHT.
He Is Serving a Ten. Days' Sentence in
the Sacramento Jail.
SAN JOSE, Cai.., Jan. 23.— Chief of Po
lice Kidward has been notified by the
Sacramento authorities that George P.
Kohn, the man who swindled A. F. Oui
met, proprietor of the Russ House, out of
$35 by means of a forged draft 09 Colum
bet & Co. of San Francisco, is serving ' a
ten-day sentence in the City Prison of
Sacramento for obtaining money under
false pretenses.
Chief Kidward at once notified the
Sheriff of Sacramento County to hold
Kohn at the expiration of bis term, and he
will be brought back to answer to the
complaint of obtaining money under false
pretenses.
Kohn is also wanted in Santa Barbara to
answer to a like offense. Kohn was for
merly a drummer for a .San Francisco
firm. He claims to • have been a member
of the National Guard.
A VICTIM OF MORPHINE.
Garcia, the Baseball Player, Is Losing
His Mind.
SAN JOSE, Cal,. Jan. 23. Andreas
Garcia, an old-time baseball player, who
is confined in the branch jail on the Bol
linger road, is rapidly losing his mind,
and in all probability he will be brought
into the County Jail and examined as to
his sanity. Garcia is a morphine fiend,
and at his own solicitation was given a
six months' term for vagrancy in the
hopes that he could break away from the
habit. For the past four days Garcia has
imagined that his fellow-prisoners are
crazy, and that he is a physician who can
cure them.
Garcia was one of the finest baseball
players on coast about four years ago. He
was a pitcher who attracted the attention
of many baseball managers and they made
him some flattering offers. Garcia, how
ever, was then keeping bad company and
soon degenerated from bad to worse. The
craving appetite for morphine got a strong
hold on him and he soon became a slave.
THE MILK INSPECTOR'S WORK.
Some of the Milk Seized Fell Below the
Standard.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— Veterinary
Inspector Spencer last night went on a
milk-inspecting tour and secured samples
from fifteen different dealers". In four
cases it was found that the milk went be
low the requirement of 3 percent of butter
fat, in one case it being as low as 1 4-5 per
cent, the highest percentage of butter fat
being 6 2-5. The matter will be laid before
the District Attorney and the dealers pros
ecuted whose milk showed a delinquency
of butter fat. *. 7 '/TA
Runaway Boys Captured.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 23.— Johnnie Cnn
liffe and August Bodel, the two runaway
boys from San Francisco, who have gained
considerable notoriety in this city under,
the names of John and James Kelly, have
been arrested at Morgan Hill by Constable
Fay, and will be returned to San Francisco.
They were arrested here and placed in the
Home of Benevolence, but ran away several
times. Mrs. O'Brien of San Francisco, an
aunt of theCunliffe boy, has been com
municated with and asked to come and
take the boys home.
Arrested on Suspicion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— Plutarch o
Quijada, an ex-convict, was arrested by
Officer Pickering this morning on suspicion
of having stolen a sack of chickens he had
in his possession.
Besides having served five terms in the
count*.*, jail for petty larceny, he served
three "years in San Quentin for holding up
and robbing G. de Martin of $80 on Orchard
street in this city iff June, 1891. If an
owner can be found for the chickens, a
charge of prior conviction will be placed
against him.
STOCKTON HEIRS' CLAIMS.
They Are Going to Sue the Government
for Over $40,000.
STOCKTON, Cau, Jan. 23.— Attorney
James A. Louttit has filed a petition ask
ing that an administrator be appointed
for the estate of Patrick Elliott.
His heirs claim that the Federal Govern
ment owes them $40,000 for losses incurred
by Elliott through the depredations of the
Fourth and Fifth regiments of California
Volunteers who camped on his place dur
ing the Civil War and appropriated every
thing he had on it.
Attorney Louttit intends to press the
claim against the Government as soon as
he can get it in shape to present.
GALLA.GHER A good PLAYER.
Outruns the Averages of the Crack Bil-
Hard-Players.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 23.— Tom Galla
gher excelled all his previous performances
in the billiard line at the tournament this
afternoon by running out his string of 400
points in fourteen innings; while Sutton,
whose billiards entitles him to sixth place,
scored a paltry 53. He is evidently out of
his class. "Gray Tom's" average was
28 8-14. This beats the highest averages
made by Jake Schaefer and Frank Ives be
fore they met the last time here and in
New York, when both the "Wizard and the
Napoleon of billiards made such phenom
enal runs and averages..
But the nerformancesin the champion
ship games were made- with the anchor
not barred. Previous to the last two
tournaments the best average, anchor in
cluded, £00 points up, was ._:. made by
Schaefer and 16 by Ives. Gallagher ran
up 104 to-day with ease and fell on a hard
masse. '-'P/is- 7 A/i
McLaughlin, the player from the Quaker
City, to-night added another came to
those he has won, defeating Hatley, the
brawny man from Duluth, who could only
muster 287 carroms to his credit at the end
of a long and at times tediously slow
game. McLaughlin passed the century
mark again, scoring 103, and falling down
when in great form to make a bigger run
on a short one-cushion carrom.
INTERESTS ALL WHEELMEN.
Weekly Bulletin Issued by the L. A. W.
Racing Board.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 23.— A.
W. bulletin — Records accepted: Two
thirds of a mile, class A, tandem, unpaced,
flying start against time, by N. A. Pippin
aDd A. B. Hughes, at Denver, Colo.,
1:214-5, December 21, 1305.
Half mile, class A, tandem, unpaced,
flying start against time, by N. A. Pippin
and A. B. Hughes, at Denver, :59 2-5, De
cember 21, 1595. .://.
Three miles, class A, unpaced, flying
start against time, by. O. B. Hachenberger,
at Denver, 7:03, December 13. 1895.
Four miles, class A, unpaced, flying
start, against time, by O. B. Hachenberger,
at Denver, 9:31 2-5,' December 13, 1895.
Five miles, class A, unpaced, flying
start, against time, by O. B. Hachenberger,
Denver, 11:56 4-5, December 13, 1895.
Transfers to class B — Hardy Downing
and Floyd A..McFarland. San Jose, Cal.
Suspended— O. O. Hayman, Grand
Island, Nebr., from all track racing until
July 1, 1886, for false entry at Kearney,
Nebr.
Declared professional— H. L. Johnson,
Holstein, lowa.
C. O. Hiles, Sioux City, lowa, was sus
pended from all track racing for one year
from October 23 for competing in unsanc
tioned races while under suspension.
BUYING COLORADO MINES.
Extensive Properties Secured by Syndi
>y/- cates and Others.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 23.—
Hon. John C. New, proprietor of the
Indianapolis Journal, who has been in the
camp for a few days past, has purchased
a group of claims near Victor. He left for
Washington to-day to interest capital in
his enterprise. The May-Be-So mine has
been sold to Messrs. Rice and Ish of Den
ver for $35,000. The mine is underlease
and bond to Boston capitalists for $50,000.
Max Straus of Baltimore, who has been
in the camp for a month past, has acquired
400 acres of patented and other land for a
syndicate of Eastern capitalists. He paid
$50,000 to bind the sale of sixteen miles.
Chicago parties have bought a group of
seven claims in the Four-mile district for
$5000. . .-J.. ■ ;
Lasker the Chess Champion.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 23.—
Lasker won the chess tournament to-day
by increasing his total to eleven games,
which none of his competitors could reach.
The gam© left unfinished , on Tuesday
night between Piilsbury and Steinitz. a
queen's gambit declined, was won by
eteinitz after forty-eight moves yesterday.
To-day the results were as follows in the
second sitting of the final round: Pills
bury and Lasker drew a Ruy Lopez after
fifty-one moves. Tschigorin "and Steinitz
adjourned their game,. at 111 to-day.
The record: "Lasker won -: 11, lost 6; Pills
bury won 7^, lost o\i; Steinitz won h\i,
lost 7]/i\ Tschigorin won 0, lost 10.
Broke a Skating Record.
ST. PAUL, Minx., Jan. 23.— two
and three mile skating contests for the
championship of the Northwest took
place at Fort Carnival this evening. H.
Davison of St. Paul won, breaking the
world's two-mile record of 6:03 1-5, held by
Joe Donoghue. Results: Two miles—
Barley Davison of St. Paul won, O. Rudd
of Minneapolis second. Time, 5:54. Three
miles — H. Davison won, F. McDaniels of
Minneapolis second. Time, 9:30.
Internal Revenue Receipts.
7 WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23. -The re
ceipts from internal revenue for . the last
six months of the current seal year ag
gregate $76,807,522," a decrease as compared
with the corresponding period of 1894-95
of $5,040,198. The principal decrease is in
spirits, of $6,677,709 (owing to the increase
of tax). Receipts from fermented liquors
increased $1,190,555, and those from to
bacco $768,304.
Reception at the White House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.-The
President and ; Mrs. Cleveland; were at
home to-night from 9 to 11 7 o'clock to
Congress and the Federal -Judiciary.;* It
was the second of | the official evening re
ceptions of the present social season, and,
despite the rainy weather, was largely -at?
tended. - '...._ •• ;.../,- ->-,;. . •'■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
THE LUX ESTATE AFFAIRS.
I Motion to Reopen the Potter Re
moval Suit at Redwood
City.
PROCEEDINGS AT REDWOOD CITY
Attorneys Absent and Judge Buck
Granted a Continuance for
One Week.
REDWOOD CITY. Cal., Jan. 23.— 1n the
Superior Court to-day counsel for Jesse
Potter made a request that the hearing of
the motion to reopen the Potter removal
suit be postponed for two weeks. Judge
Buck granted a continuance for one week
and said that if counsel found they could
not proceed at that time the postponement
for an additional week could be asked for.
Attorney J. H. Campbell of San Jose
and Henry Lux, the petitioner for Potter's
removal as executor or the Charles Lux
estate, were in town this morning, expect
ing that the motion would be heard.
Last week the absence of Messrs. Delmas
and Campbell delayed the proceedings and
to-day it was Messrs. Pillsbury and Mc-
Enerney's turn to be absent and through
Attorney George C. Ross ask for further
time on the plea of other engagements.
The motion to reopen the trial against
Potter was to have been made on the
ground of the newly discovered evidence
relating to the check for $800 which Potter
swore on the recent trial had been given
him by John Brown, a roustabout at Ba
den, it now being charged that Potter paid
this money to Mrs. Sadie Young, the pro
prietress at that time of a house at 205
Post street, San Francisco, around the
corner from Marchand's restaurant.
SACRAMENTO FOOTPADS.
■They Are Doing a Land- Office Business
Holding Up Bight and Left. , .
SACRAMENTO, Cai... Jan. 23.— Since 6
o'clock last evening one man has held up
and robbed rive persons, coming to or go
ing from the city. He made his stand. at
Thirty-first and. P streets, and has been
doing a land-office business. He stood up
three wagons this evening before 7 o'clock.
Shortly after dusk this evening Adam
Bergman was sandbagged by two footpads
just as he was entering Capitol Park. He
showed fight, when one of his assailants
struck at him with a knife, cutting a long
gash in one arm. Then they kicked him
insensible and ran off.
Excursion to Santa Barbara,
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 23.—
The Southern Pacific Company has booked
another excursion to Santa Barbara on
February 12 with round-trip rates from Los
Angeles to this city and return at less
than half the usual rates. As there are a
great many Eastern people in Southern
California a great influx of visitors is ex
pected, and the Board of Trade and other
local organizations are busily formulating
plans for their comfort and entertainment.
Movement of Warships.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 23.—
The Philadelphia returned to port to-day
and will remain until Sunday. The Mon
terey, which was expected here last night,
had not materialize., at sundown to-day,
nor has anything been heard that will ex
plain her unaccountable delay in arriving
at the appointed time.
Captured at Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 22. — Albert
Monzenmeyer of Lorin, Cal., who in the
course of a Christmas-eve drunk shot
John R. Perkins of Oakland, was arrested
here this morning, and is held for extradi
tion. He makes no defense save that he
was intoxicated. Lucky for him his vic
tim is now rapidly recovering.
Death of a Woodland Pioneer.
WOODLAND. Cal., Jan. William
McGriff, a pioneer of 1*47 and a highly
esteemed resident of this city, died this
morning at 7 o'clock. The deceased was
a native of Ohio, aged 65 years. The
funeral will be held from his late residence
on Friday.
A Santa Crus Shooter.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 23.— Thomas
Atkins, charged with shooting Blanche
Edwards at Watsonville before Christmas,
was bound over to the Superior Court on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon
and was held in $2000 bonds.
A Fatality at Phoenix.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 23. — Charles
Stahl, 45 years old, nativity unknown, was
found dead in tbe Salt River Valley canal
this morning, having fallen, it is sup
posed, while intoxicated.
SQUANDERED STOLEN MONEY.
Embezzler Altmanspager's Peculations
Reach an Immense Sum.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, Jan. 23.—
A. Altmanspager, who was arrested a
Minden, lowa, yesterday for ; forgery and
embezzlement, waived examination this
morning at Avera, and was held to the
Grand Jury at Council Bluffs in the sum
of $10,000. Bonds have not yet been given,
and the prisoner is still in the hands of
the officer. I *;
Henry Wiese, one of the members of the
Seiffcrt-Wiese Lumber Company, for
whom Altmanspager was manager at
Minden, said this afternoon that the prob
able loss the company would sustain was
larger than first reported. New develop
ments in the case are showing Altmans
pager to have been carrying on his steal
ings in many lines, and it is now believed
his peculations will amount to over $50,000.
He ran an insurance agency and failed to
send in hundreds of policies. Through a
building association at Avera, for which
he received remittances to be forwarded,
he secured another . large amount and
while acting as a forwarder of taxes to the
County Treasurer he is also thought to
have taken large amounts. The school
district of Minden is out $2915, and he
looted a number of trust funds that he had
charge of.
; Altsmanpager was a high liver and
had an elegant house in Minden, a town of
400 people. He kept a team and servants
and a cellar stocked with imported wines
He has a wife and five children.
CHOKED T A LITTLE CHILD.
Arrest of an Inhuman Father for a Most
Fiendish 1 Crime.
FOWLER, iNn.. . Jan. 23.— Albert Tolds
was brought to this city early yesterday
morning and lodged in jail by Sheriff Mor
gan of Newton County and a posse of dep
uties. Tolds is charged with -having
choked his own child to death, and was
brought here to escape the vengeance ot a"
mob which threatened to storm the New
ton County jail at Keutland and lynch
him. -.-■• '■-.*• ■ .--•.'■-•:-..■.. y.-iz-.
Sunday night the neighbors of the pris
oner were attracted to his j house by the
screams : of ; Mrs. Tolds. On arriving they
found the wife sitting on the floor holding
in her arms an eight months' old babe,
from whose mouth and nose the blood was
gushing, while? the father was 'seated in
the - corner smoking a*: pipe. - Tolds ex
plained that he had been disturbed from
his sleep by tbe child's crying and had
tried to pacify 'it by gently placing ; bis
hand over its mouth, and said it would be
all right as soon as Its nosft stopped bleed
ing. Some one called a doctor, who found
that the child had been choked; and was
seriously injured. : The babe died . and a
charge of murder in tne first degree was
placed against Tolds. ■' ■■'■■:■
KILLED A TEXAS MARSHAL.
Two Negro Desperadoes Used Pistols in
Resisting Arrest, -a" -Cv" 1
WEIMAR, Tex., Jan. 23.-While ; dis
charging bis duty as 7an officer and at
tempting to arrest two negro desperadoes
who were concealed on a passing freight
train City Marshal Hatch York was shot
through the heart and instantly j killed.
The negroes, were armed with pistols and
had pulled them on a brakeman, who on
reaching Weimar notified the Marshal.
The latter attempted, with the assistance
of Sim Watson and J. K. Tooke, to arrest
the negroes, who , fired on them, and a
pitched battle ensued. -._.•. \
The Marshal was killed and one of the
negroes shot through the leer by a member
of the officers' posse. The negro who
killed the Marshal escaped, but is being
pursued: by armed men. The escaped
negro's name is Jim Harris. York was a
popular man and well known all over the
State. " y p/p/74 . - - yrp;
HELD UP AND KILLED.
Robbery and Murder of Artist Atwater by
-:./.• • Highwaymen.-.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 23.— Bertram E.
Atwater, a well-known artist, of 151 Wa
bash avenue, Chicago, was held up, shot
and killed at Webster Grove, a suburb, to
night. The highwaymen, three in num
ber, were John Smith, Peter Smith and
Sam ; Foster, a negro. John Smith was
shot by Atwater over the heart and is
dying. The other highwaymen are in jail
at Webster Grove station. There is great
excitement, and threats of lynching are
heard. ■ '' : - -31383.
LAWMAKERS IN TROUBLE
Members of Ohio's Legislature
Under Arrest for Alleged s
Corruption. •'rr**;
Grand Jury Indictments Charge' Them
With Soliciting Pay for Their
Votes.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 23.— The Grand
Jury of this county created a sensation
by its partial report last evening. It has
been known for some lime that the jury
has been investigating charges of bribery
against members of the State Legislature.
In the partial report are three such in
dictments.
The accused are all ex-members of the
Senate. They are L. C. Ohl of Youngs
town, W. C. Gear of Upper Sandusky and
John L. Geyer of this city. The latter
represented the Paulding District in the
Senate, but has recently removed to
Columbus.
Gear is charged with asking Senator
George Iden of Newark for $250 to vote for
a bill to pay him $700 to defray his ex
penses in a contest for ; his seat. Ohl is
chaiged with asking for a like amount for
a similar bill to recompense ex-Senator
D. H. Gaumer of Zanesville. He is said to
have been paid this sum. He is also
charged with proposing to give Senator E.
M. Avery of Cleveland $160 to hold up a
State university bill in committee. Geyer
is charged witn asking for $400 to vote for a
bill empowering trust companies to ad
minister estates. ■'■
He asked it of W. F. Burdell of this city,
who is the president of such a company
and presumably interested in the passage
of such a measure. It is understood that
there is more to follow.
Senators Geyer and Gear were arrested
here to-night and a deputy Sheriff left for
Youngstown at midnight for Senator Ohl.
Iden, Ohl and Avery are Republicans and
Geyer, Gear and Gaumer are Democrats.
HURLED TO THEIR DEATH.
Three Men Killed by the Collapse of m
Building Gutted by Fire.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 23.— A fire took
place last night in a five-story building at
415 North Broadway. While salvage men
were at work on the second floor covering
foods the floor above them gave way.
Three were buried in the ruins and killed.
Five were injured. This morning the
bodies of the dead had been removed with
the exception of that of K. Kerley.
The dead are: James Rodday, age 28;
K. Kerley, aged 24 and John Stanton,
aged 36. The injured are: Captain John
Glanville, Owen Hines, foreman; George
Pucker, Edward McCarthy and Reinhart
Miller.
Business Houses Burned.
NEOSHO, Mo., Jan. 23.— Fire; broke out
early yesterday morning in a row of frame
buildings on the north side of the square
in the building occupied by Ames & Robins
as a grocery, causing a total loss of five
business houses, aggregating in amount
60-0, which is partially covered by in
surance. The families' who - occupied
rooms over some of the stores had a narrow
escape with their lives. The fire is thought
to be tbe work of an incendiary. '
Flight of a Treasurer.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— Henry Mehl,
who has been the Treasurer of the town
of Dolton, twenty-six miles from Chicago,
since it was incorporated, has disappeared
with all the municipal cash in the treas
ury, $2000, and also deserted his; wife and
eight children. He turned . over all his
real estate to his bondsmen, who will make
good the loss. He had' become involved
in speculation. -
Balloting for Senator.
FRANKFORT, Kv., Jan. 23.— Balloting
for Senator in the joint assembly was con
in ned to-day. The deadlock was still pre
served. There has been no change in the
status of affairs from yesterday.- The vote
to-day was as follows: Hunter 66, Black
burn 57,.W i150n 1, Buckner 2,7 Carlisle 4,
McCreary 3. Poor (Pop.) voted • for Clar
ence S. liates, the Populist nominee.
Ezeta a Fugitive.
SAN SALVADOR, Jan. 23.—Govern
ment officials refuse any. information re
garding the reported capture of \ Antonio
Hlzeta in Costa Rica, but an official paper
publishes a decree declaring him a fugitive
from justice for crimes committed during
Carlos Ezeta's Presidency. ' The. troops
are held in strict marching orders, to be
ready in case of necessity.. *--'*" ••'' , '-"* •
Steel Workers i Killed.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Jan. Charles
Had mank was killed,' Andy Piasko fatally
hurt and two 1 - others \ seriously injured by
the breaking of the; cable and",: the falling
of a : cage from th* smelters' cupola this
morning in the Ohio Steel Company's
works. . 77 Ay.
Death of a Noted Ship-Builder.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 23.— Ferdinand
Schichau, the noted ship-builder of Elbing, :
died in that city to-day. He built I the
first iron ship that i was constructed in
Germany. He was 84 years of ace. '* '/■-
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, 7D. C, Jan. 23.— The
treasury gold reserve to-day stood at
$50,343,556. The withdrawals reported to
day were $250,000. :
QUEER HONDO ISLANDERS
: ■
Had Never Seen a Caucasian and
ij Viewed Miss Suthon With
Surprise.
DIFFICULT MISSIONARY WORK
Miss Suthon's Story of a Strange
Murder in Her House Which Yet
Remains a Mystery.
Miss G. Suthon, who for seventy ears past
has been engaged in missionary work on
the curious out of the '". way island of
Hondo, belonging to Japan, and situated
500 miles from Tokio, is in the City.
Miss Suthon is from New Orleans and is
of the American Episcopal Missionary So
ciety. _. --V ■ j ; ;
bhe was the first foreigner who was ever
in this queer island, and was the only
European there for two years afterward.
Even now there are almost no Europeans
in that part of the Mikado's realm.
The lady says that when she went there
and for months afterward the natives in
spected her ' with wide-eyed wonder, as
though she were some strange being who
had dropped from the clouds. The chil
dren threw snowballs at her a good deal at
first, for it snows to a great depth there,
but otherwise she was not disturbed. . ■ ;
She was living and doing mission work
in the town of Aomo, of 25,000 inhabitants,
at the extreme northern part of the island,
where there is a fine harbor and a military
station. At the station are about 3000
soldiers. • ■*" '■•. ..;: y/p\y/.
One day, so she tells, one of the princes
of the blood royal came up to take com
mand of the troops. There was an enor
mous crowd to greet the prince, and she
Miss Suthon.
went forth with one or two of her newly
acquired Japanese friends, not thinking
much about anything, but expecting to
see the prince. She got into the crowd,
but soon became cognizant tnat she was
the observed of all observers. *'"'-".?
The sensation which the prince was ex
pected to cause was nothing compared
with that which the lone missionary cre
ated among the little brown islanders.
They manifested j their astonishment in
many strange ways, and the situation be
came very embarrassing. She was finally
enabled to get back to her home, a great
crowd following meanwhile, however, and
once there the lady locked and barred her
door and did not venture forth again ex
cept for short distances for a long while.
The country about Aomo on the island
is half wild, though in general it is pretty
thickly settled, Miss Sufhon says. Back
from the bay are large areas of rice lands,
and back of these the country is rugged.
"The bay and rivers fairly swarm with
fish," said she. "They are the finest fish
in all Japan. Many of them are much like
our trout in this country. Among the
fine fish is tbe tai, which is in taste very
much like the mountain trout.
"The province of Mutsu, of which the
island of Hondo is a part, has nearly 12,
--000,000 people.
"As for the people of Hondo they are
less educated and less modern, so far as
civilization is concerned, than those of any
other part of Japan. The railroad was
only completed there four years ago.
"There are no modern inventions used
there of any kind. You see almost noth
ing to remind you of America. However,
a company has lately been organized to
put an electric-light plant in the town of
Aomo.
"1 had a remarkable experience befall
me in this town last September which
caused my friends a good deal of anxiety.
"A Japanese student was murdered In
my house one night, and no one knew who
did it, and it has never yet been found out.
It was done with a sword, the man being
killed while he lay asleep in bed.
"I slept upstairs and the Japanese be
low; and there was ; nobody else in the
house except the cook and his wife.
Nobody heard any noise. Tbe murdered
man; had been studying English, taking
lessons of me. He -had no enemies that
any one knew of, and the whole thing is a
mystery, that none of the officials, includ
ing courts and detectives, have as yet
solved. .-••"••' .;.;..' p; v-v../.*,::
"Several arrests have been made and
there was a preliminary investigation, at
which I attended and at which I gave such
evidence as I had. I was placed in no un
pleasant position whatever by the circum
stance."
Miss Suthon will remain in this country
a j year, and will j then return to Hondo
Island, where; she says the natives are
rather slow to receive the teachings of the
Christian religion. They have been so se
cluded from the world, as known to Ameri
can r and Europeans,- however,, that she
thinks it is little wonder that they do not
take to a new doctrine. .
.It snows six feet deep at Aomo and the
winter lasts five months. There is only
one other, place in Japan where it snows
more. '--. - . '* ...,-•.■•"•..' .
The natives use horses a great deal and
raise a great many of them. The horses
are. not as large on the average as Ameri
can horses, but are pretty large for Japa
nese. ■■■■;■■■'■ ■•■ • .■- ,- y-py
Miss Suthon - will leave for New Orleans
to-night. ■■' -.-.-. ■ : . .-'•_ ;,_<-.:.
MUST MAKE CONCESSIONS.
Railroad : Companies ■'■- Will Extend Time
on the Encampment Tickets.
.CHICAGO, 111., : Jan. 23.— delega
tion of ?-J-ejiesota citizens who. came here
in the «fes«»ts of St. Paul to confer with
Commander-in-Chief Walker of the Grand
Army in reference .to the objectionable
time | limit , for National * encampment
tickets fixed by the "Western Passenger
Association met Chairman Caldwell of the
association to-day. They informed him
that the action of ■■ the railroads was satis
factory except as to the limit of return
to two da** after the encampment closed
and that St. Paul did not want the encamp
ment unless the time was extended. - 1 In
compliance "with their request Chairman
Caldwell _ notified the members of . the
association | that a | special meeting 7 was
asked to reconsider their action, v. Two of
the roads responded by asking that such a
meeting 'be called, and this being L suffi
cient the 1 chairman issnad a call for the
meeting next Tuesday. This step is favor
able for j the encampment j being held in
St. Paul, as some of the general passenger
agents have experienced a change of heart
to the extent of meeting the demands of
_St. Paul and the G. A. R. half way in the
face of threats to hold the encampment
outside their territory.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
Conduct of the Supervising Architect's
Office Criticized.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 23.—Two
thirds of the "three-hour session of the
House Wednesday was occupied in con
sidering a Senate joint resolution author
izing the expenditure of $55,000 all told for
the employment of outside assistance : to
the supervising architect of the treasury in
the preparation of plans and specifications
and supervision of the Chicago public
building. . • •.' z/4 A: f/?p7?Tp*yT777/y'Q
In the course of the debate the conduct
of the architect's office was the subject of
considerable criticism.
The joint resolution was passed, as were
the following:
A resolution directing the Secretary of
the Treasury to transmit to the House the
report made by Henry W. Elliott to that
department in November, 1890, upon the
condition and prospects of the fur sealing
industry.- '."_"-" ':/.'■
House bill extending three years the
time for completion of the incline railroad
on West Mountain, Hot Springs, Ark.
Senate concurrent resolution author
izing the printing of 6000 extra copies of a
paper on" "The Public Lands and Their
Water Supply," contained in the sixteenth
annual report of the director of the
Geological Survey.
House bill providing for the appoint
ment of a chaplain of "West Point from
civil life.
The unanimous report of Elections Com
mittee 2 that H. C. Miner was entitled to
the seat now occupied by him as Repre
sentative from the Ninth "New York Dis
trict, and that Timothy J. Campbell, con
testant, was ■ not entitled thereto, was
agreed to without discussion.
The House at 3:30 o'clock adjourned
until to-morrow.
Gold Reserve Decreasing.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 23.—
gold reserve to-day at the close of business
stood at $50,618,659. The withdrawals for
the day as reported amounted to $181,000.
THREE SHOOTING SCRAPES
One Man Killed and Three
Wounded at an Early Hour
This Morning.
Deadly Encounter at a Feast in
Chinatown Gave Bullets
7/7: for a Drink.
" There was an epidemic of shooting
scrapes this morning. After midnight
there were three deadly encounters, in
which one Chinaman was killed, and two
white men and one Chinaman wounded.
J. Herveau and Albert Calm were hav
ing a quiet talk in the saloon at 2208 Sut
ter street, when a stranger entered and
demanded a drink.
Herveau, the barkeeper, refused, and the
intruder pulled a pistol. Calm seized the
weapon, when it was discharged, the ball
going through the calf of Calm's left leg. ■
The man then shot Herveau, the bullet
penetrating the left side of the abdomen
and passing out at the back.
The wounded men were taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where they were
treated by Dr. Fitzgibbous. Both will
recover. ".<>*.>_
There was a Chinese feast at 4 Bartlett
alley at 2 o'clock thi3 morning, at which
Lee : Ah Wong and another Chinaman en
gaged in a quarrel, and both were shot.
W ong's left knee was shattered, but he
will recover. The other man, whose name
is unknown, was fatally wounded: He died
an hour later at the Receiving Hospital.
How They Love Us I
Englishmen admire Americans; they
have for many years invested much of
their saving in American enterprises.
They always listen with incredulity when
they hear how the Yankee dislikes
the Britisher. They do not under
stand this feeling. They have only
met the traveled American; they do not
know the native Chicagoan, the ignorant
Westerners or the spiteful Southerners.
Yet these exist, and they form the major
ity. It is this that lends a serious aspect
to a situation that would otherwise be
simply grotesque. England would never
go to war over Venezuela. But the Ameri
can rabble may force us to defend our
selves, in which case it will possibly be
bad for the American rabble. They have
little enough money now— tbey will have
less when we have finished with them.—
London Money.
The owl has no motion in the eye, the
elobe of which is immovably fixed in its
socket by a strong, elastic, hard cartilagin
ous case in tbe form of a. truncated cone;
but in order to compensate for this ab
sence of motion in the eye it is able to
turn its head round in almost a complete
circle without moving its body.
Women, Whose Ills Are the Source of Wealth for the Medical Pro-
fession, Will Find Cause for Joy in This Letter: *
A PHYSICIAN recently admitted that at least three-fourths of
-**> his, patients;;, were: women. It is conceded that nineteen
twentieths of the women of this country are ailing in some man-
-^^^^ifjf^^^^. ner ' and fully half of those have
_^d_o«v*tra yj^&.feaß.fc. troubles not reached by medi-
i^ff^^^^J^^^^'^^^^^^lx. c i ne - They need new vitality,
-*>J4iyS^SH new life, new energy. They
ll)ir-^«*J__ J*4S&9 I neec * )r " Sanden's Electric Belt,
which has been the stepping
stone to health for hundreds of
-^^a^K-^ weak women. Mrs.Quinn was
weak and ailing a few days ago. See what she says now :
. SAN FRANCISCO, January 22. 1896. ,
. . DR. SANDEN :— I bought your Belt In August last for nervous prostration, female
complaints, etc. '.,., 1 was so bad that many nights; I could not sleep. I would get so
nervous that I could not hold my head up and on many occasions I have been com-
pelled to go to bed. I found relief almost as soon as I applied the Belt, and to-day I
am as well as any woman of my age. lean say for your Belt that if I was not able to
get another I would not sell mine ior $200. I cheerfully recommend it. ':/■ .* . .
MRS. AMELIA QUINN,
259 Richland avenue, Sau Francisco.
No one can doubt these daily reported cures. The value of
an Electric Belt is in the good that it does. Every day you see
or hear of some new cure by \ Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It
must cure, for it is made according to the latest scientific models
and is applied by a regular practicing physician who can be con-
sulted atDr.Sanden's office free of charge. Call and see the
Belt or get the book about it, free. • . y /n/;
»-A.isri=AS2jxr -BXjSctric go
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours-8 to 6; Evenings. 7 to 8:30: Sundays, 10 to 1.
NEW TO-DAT. : -JyA-
Something
Awfully
_M_l *■ m
Good!
About 500 pairs of those
very fashionable English
■'7 Corduroy Trousers, for lit- '7'
tle fellows between the ages
of 5 and 15, the usual $1
grade, for Friday only and
but two pairs to a cus-
tomer, at ; ;,;
~25c~
r ■■ r, „_-,
That's how the big store i '
does things during Jann- ;
ary j none of those half- ■
hearted cuts . j no would-be
pretensions no little re-
duction of 5c or 6c on a
garment, but when we do
cut, we cut out of sight.
THIS MORNING
AT 8 O'CLOCK.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St
Frisco's Biggest Store,
fbe Best *
of all Cough Medicines
is Dr. Acker's English Rem-
edy. It will stop a cough in
one night, check a cold in
one day, prevent croup, re-
lieve asthma, and cure con-
sumption, if taken in time.
It is made on honor, from the
purest ingredients and con-
tains neither opium nor mor}
phine. If the little ones have
croup or whooping cough,
use it promptly. ***** *
Three Sizes— 2sc, 50c. and $ per bottle.
At Druggists.
_ ACKER MEDICINE CO*
_c6 and x8 Chambers Street, New York,
". — — — — ; — .'..''.' ' '._ 7. T-- *
f* "PATENTS! a)
SO MARKET &T.SJ- *£&SIDNEY-SMITH
GIVES ANSWER
San Francisco and North
Pacific Affairs Are
Elucidated.
VOTING POWER OF STOCK
If President Foster Is Defeated
a Consolidation May
Follow
WITH NORTH PACIFIC COAST.
Defendant Says He Never Entered
Into a Compact With Foster
and Markham.
Sidney V. Smith, who is a defendant in
a suit brought by A. W. Foster, president
of the .-'an Francisco and North Pacific
Railway, and others, growing out of the
attempted consolidation of that railway
with the North Pacific Coast road, filed
his answer yesterday in the Superior Court
of Marin County.
In his answer Mr. Smith is joined by
other defendants, all having the same
cause. He denies the various allegations
of the plaintiffs, and in presenting his side
gives an interesting view of private affairs
of both railroad companies. The docu
ment begins abruptly with the statement
that the narrow-gauge line does not now
earn or lias ever earned its fixed charges;
that earnings of that line south of San
Anselmo are confined chiefly to forest
products.; that the greater portion of its
revenue had been derived from stumpage
or from freight on forest products from
land owned by the company; that the
freight revenue hereafter to be derived
from the line north of San Anselmo will
not be sufficient to pay expenses of opera
tion, and in many other particulars he
claims that the narrow-gauge road is not
the unprofitable property that Mr. Foster
and his friends would have it appear.
It is also denied that the defendant on
or before February, 1603, or ever, was de
sirous of organizing a syndicate to pur
<. i.a.- 42,000 shares of the stock of the
Donahue road, or that he had requested
the plaintiffs and the late Mr. Hitcncock
to join with him in this purchase from the
executors of the late James M. Donahue's
estate; and, furthermore, that the defend
ant had endeavored to have these 42,000
shares voted as a unit during five years
after date of making the agreement,
whereby Smith and his friends would con
trol the Donahue line. Smith also denies
that he and Foster on behalf of themselves
and other members of the alleged syndi
cate had ever made a bid in writing to buy
the 12,000 shares for (800,000 in the Supe
rior Court of Marin County. He repudi
ates the claim that the plaintiffs confided
to him as an attorney-at-law the prepara
tion of this agreement or the adoption of
such or any legal measures as would fulfill
.the preliminary or any agreements or
promises stated in the complaint relative
to the voting of these shares, or that as an
attorney he ever assumed th* duty of pre
paring spell agreement or adopting the
legal measures stated In complaint.
Mr. Smith adds that the plaintiffs, Mark
ham, Overton and Hitchcock, did seek the
advice of protection of other counsel. He
denies that they, afterforming a syndicate
of their own, have lived up to the terms of
their agreeefnent; that the management
of the directors of the Donahue road has
been very successful or prosperous in its
business, and that the earnings of the
road have been largely increased by them.
On the contrary, he "shows that the earn
ings of the broad-gauge line have fallen
off, and that the net earnings for the year
ending June 30, 1596, will be $30,000,
whereas for the year ending June 30, 1893,
they were $61,745 17.
Mr. Smith admits that he is under pe
cuniary obligations to Antoine Borel, the
banker, and a stockholder of the narrow
gauge road, but denies the insinuation of
plaintiffs, that his relations to Borel have
in any way induced him to do any of the
acts charged against him, and he denies
that his intention to vote his stock with
Borel and his associates, owners of the
North Pacific Coast Railway, at the next
annual meeting of the other line, is so that
the Donahue road shall be operated in the
interests of the narrow-gauge road, or in
view of a consolidation intended by him
(Smith) or the stockholders of the narrow
gauge line.
The statements of a scheme whereby the
broad-gauge property would be injured
through connivance with the rival road
are denied in detail and at great length.
Continuing, Mr. Smith avers that he never
sought to form a combination before the
sale of the Donahue stocK and that the
sale was not made to a syndicate other
than Foster and Markham. After the sale
Foster asked the defendant (Smith) to
draw a pooling agreement for this stock,
and was told that it was not possible to
make such a compact legal and binding;
but on Foster insisting Smith did draft
the pooling agreement and signed it March
22, 1893. This document Smith claims was
merely a, mutual promise.
It is set forth that the rival roads can be
made to pay handsomely by a combination
of the management, because in that way
great savings could be effected. As mat
ters have stood for some time distrust has
been engendered among the stockholders,
it being averred that Foster has been sus
picious of Markham, and Markham of
Foster, each that the other might sell out
his stock to parties owning 18,000
shares. And therefore Smith, himself,
had valid reasons for becoming alarmed,
and under these conditions he was and is
justified in morals, as well as in Jaw, in re
tiring from the pooling agreement, since
that compact has lost whatever cohesive
quality it ever had based on mutual con
sideration. He goes on to say that he un
derstands tbat Markham and Foster in
tend to vote his stock, claiming the right
to do so through the agreement being in
effect a power of attorney and proxy to
vote the stock, and that unless restrained
by the court they will vote his stock, with
the result that a board inimical to Smith's
interests will be elected. In conclusion he
a sic
Wherefore this defendant prays the judg
ment of this court that the agreement of March
22, 1893, is and always was void and invalid;
that the plaintiffs, Foster and Markham, be
decreed to give up the same to be canceled;
that the restraining order heretofore made
herein preventing this defendant from voting
his stock be vacated and set aside; that the
prayer of said complaint for an injunction
against this defendant and the defendant cor
poration be denied, that the writ of injunction
of this court issue herein restraining the
plaintiffs, Foster and Markham, from voting or
attempting to vote this defendant's stock.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
"Will Organize a Building Trades Coun
cil— Cooper*' Strike Has
Been Settled.
The Building Trades Council, a project
that has been under continuation for sev
eral months, will soon be a reality. Thurs
day evening, February 6, it will be organ
ized for the mutual benefit and protection
of ail members connected with the build
ing trades. The movement was started by
tne carpenters six months ago, and invita- ;
tions were sent to the plumbers', stone-'
cutters', lathers', painters', brickraasons'
and similar unions to join in the work of
forming a central council. Nearly all re
ponded and sent delegates, and nearly
every delegate declared in favor of the
movement. It was also generally consid
ered advisable to find a suitable building
to be used as a headquarters.
Last evening the general committee met
and several of the active workers reported
having sent to several building trades
councils in the Eastern cities for their
plans of organization. All of those pres
ent, and the meeting was well attended,
decided that it would be the best to organ
ize, and without further delay.
So far the four carpenters' and joiners'
unions, the sandstone cutters, plasterers,
cornice-workers and painters have declared
in favor of a central council. It is be
lieved that the other unions of the build
ing trades will fall into line as soon as
they see the project fairly started. At any
rate the unions mentioned decided to go
ahead and form a building trades council.
Notice will be sent out at once to all
unions in this line to send their delegates
to the meeting that will be held on Febru
ary 6, and it was announced that if not
over four unions be represented they will
organize and draw the others in as oppor
tunities present themselves.
During* the discussion the question was
raised whether or not the Ironmolders'
Union is entitled to a representation in
the Building Trades Council, most of
the niolders' work being that of making
machinery and heavy castings. It was
decided that as the ironmolders construct
a large amount of ironwork for buildings
that union is clearly entitled to be repre
sented. An invitation will be sent to this
union to send delegates to the meeting
when the Building Trades Council will be
organized.
The strike of the coopers in the Pacific
"Woodenware and Cooperage Company has
I been settled to the satisfaction of all per
; sons interested. A week ago the company
decided to make a reduction of from 10 to
] 20 per cent on their millwonc in tne mill
near the foot of Sixth street, and about
twenty men walked out rather than sub
mit to a reduction, and their strike was ap
proved by the Journeymen Coopers' Union.
j Tuesday night the men and the employ
ers held a conference, and the latter de
cided to restore the coopers' wages to the
old rate. Wednesday morning the men
went back to work and the best of feeling
prevails in the mill.
OWNERSHIP OF RAILROADS
A Mass-Meeting Adopts Resolu-
tions in Favor of Govern-
ment Control.
Congressman Maguire Asked to Under
take the Task of Accomplishing
This Object.
In response to the call for a mass
meeting of all in favor of Government
ownership of railroads, a couple of hun
dred people gathered at Metropolitan Hall
last night.
Rev. J. E. Scott, in calling the meeting
to order, said :
The only protection from private monopoly
• is Government ownership. The railroad mo-
I nopoly is the head center, out of which all
: other monopoly oppression flows. There is no
, class that does not contribute to the revenue
; of this monopoly, and every man pays a tax to
! the railroad monopolies that no king on earth
would be allowed to impose. And the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad is one of the most oppres
| sive of these monopolies.
J. M. Reynolds spoke on the subject of
"Government Ownership and Operation of
Railroads." He said it had been reported
that the agitation for Government owner
ship had been suggested by the railroad
people in order to secure votes for the
lunoing biiJ. Continuing he said:
These rich monopolists are the real anarch
ists of this country. This is the only class that
has the means to corrupt our legislators.
Though I knew that men under the influence
of the railroad had called this meeting, 1 yet
felt it my duty to come here and express my
convictions in favor of Government ownership
of railroads.
There is a remedy for not only the railroad
monopoly but all similar monopolies. It lies
in the people, who should jointly undertake
the work of production, manufacture and dis
tribution. This would do away with the pres
ent methods of business, which are largely of
the nature of gambling.
He then introduced the following reso
lutions:
The people of California have repeatedly de
manded by petition, resolutions and tnroogh
their representatives in Congress, that the
Pacific railroads, which have become in
debted to the Nation and been given ample
time to provide for the full payment, should
be compelled to pay the debt now due the Gov
ernment.
Whereas, We, as citizens of the United
States who will De most vitally affected by
the final settlement of the Central and Union
Pacific railroads' debt, deem it- proper to im
press upon Congress as strongly as possible
our views concerning this important matter;
whereas, our representative from this district,
the Hon. James G. Maguire, we believe to be
fully informed as to the almost unanimous
sentiment existing in this State against the
refunding of the debts of the Pacific railroads
and in favor of the foreclosure of the Govern
ment's mortgage on these railroads, and in
iavor of their being placed under the direct
control of the Government and operated by it
in the interests of the people of the whole
Nation; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we confide to the Hon. James
G. Maguire especially the specific duty to draft
a bill providing for the foreclosure of tho lien
now held by the United States against the
Central Pacific and Union Pacific railroad, for
the acquiring of said railroads by the Govern
ment and the perpetual operation of them as
a public highway.
Resolved, further, that a copy of these resolu
tions be forwarded to the Hon. James G. Ma
guire with our request that he comply with
these instructions, and that a copy be sent also
to each member of Congress.
Dennis Kearney then asked permission
to speak to the resolution. In introducing
him the chairman stated that he believed
that Kearney was the man referred to by
the last speaker as being under the influ
ence of the railroad, and that the audience
would no doubt be pleased to hear from
him on this point as well as the advisabil
ity of Government ownership.
Kearney after denying connection with
the railroad corporation denounced Hunt
ington and Mayor Sutro — the former as be
ing a despoiier of the people and the other
for having, as claimed by the speaker, gone
back on a pledge to advocate Government
ownership of railroads.
Morrison I. Swift, a socialist from Chi
cago, stated that the people of the east do
not any longer believe in millionaires;
that they looked upon them all as no more
than convicts out of jail. He said that all
millionaires should be abolished and a pol
icy of nationalization adopted. ■
After R. E. Shannon had spoken in favor
of Government ownership of all public
functions the resolutions were - adopted
and the meeting adjourned.
PIKE, BASS AND PERCH.
| Soon to Be Placed In- Clear .Lake and
the Big Kivers.
In 1892 the Fish Commissioners planted
; in Lake Cuyamaca, fifty miles from San
! Diego, four varieties of fish from the in
land lakes and rivers of the East. They
i were the pike or pickerel, the bi_.-mouth
black bass, the war-mouth bass and the
i yellow perch. Deputy Commissioner A. G.
Fletcher of the Southern district was re
cently instructed to see how these fish
were getting along. He did so, and has
sent an encouraging report to the com
mission. The fish are doing well and mul
tiplyinc rapidly.
The Commissioners were so encouraged
that they decided to distribute a lot of the
fish in the Lower .Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers and in Clear Lake, Lake
County.
At present this lake is filled with carp
which are of poor, flavor and bony. The
bass and pike are beautiful, gamy fish and
are excellent food. These will supplant
the earn in a . few years, as they live on
other fish instead of on **_v»d, grass and ■,
fish spawn. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
THE HENRY HOOK INQUEST
Evidence That the Union League
Club Man Fell. From the
• Oakland Boat.
NO INDICATION OF SUICIDE.
The Funeral Will Be Held To-Day at
the Family Residence on Jack
son Street, Oakland.
The cause of Henry Hook's death is
still unknown. At the Coroner's inquest
held in Oakland yesterday the jury found
only that Mr. Hook "came to his death by.
drowning in the San Francisco Bay on or
about January 14." The watch found on
the body bad stopped at 1:15 o'clock. This
seemed to serve as evidence that Hook
had taken the last boat from the City to
Oakland on the night of the 14th. . No
THE LATE HON. HENRY HOOK.
one, however, has been found who remem
bers having seen him after he left the
rooms of the Union League Club.
Vincent Hook stated that he saw his
brother last alive a week ago Tuesday
during a visit made to Vincent's ranch,
near Martinez.
Last Monday he came to see his brother,
but found him not at home, his daughter
saying that her father had been away
nearly a week and that she had begun to
become uneasy. On the night of the
Union League election Mr. Hook took $20
with him, and it was subsequently learned
that, lie bad paid $17 50 of this for dues at
the club. He left the club about 10
o'clock.
"My brother," said Vincent Hook, "was
' afflicted with rheumatism and asthma, but
was always of a jovial disposition and was
rarely despondent. "I do not think he
had an enemy in the world except himself
' and I never heard him say a word about
; taking his own life. lam of the opinion
that after leaving the club he took a late
boat, and feeling ill went to the railing of
the boat and fell overboard. As soon as I
; learned from my niece of her father's ab
| sence I immediately began a search in San
i Francisco. I do not for a moment believe
he committed suicide, because he has gone
through very severe attacks of asthma and
rheumatism in the past."
"W. T. Hemstead, who, together with
Robert Wainwright, Ed Cosgrove and
; Ernest Head, found the body of Mr.
i Hook, stated at the inquest that they first
I discovered ■ the body about 9 o'clock
j Wednesday morning lying imbedded in
the mud at the foot of Castro street, about
sixty feet from the shore, and nearly
where the scow schooner Young America
was anchored. There was no mark of in
jury apparent.
William P. Hook, a nephew of the dead
i man, said his uncle was subject to frequent
! attacks of asthma, and that these attacks
came more often at night and without
warning.
The funeral of Mr. Hook will take place
to-day from the family residence, 1016
Jackson street, Oakland. The interment
will be private, at Mountain View Ceme
tery. The Rev. John Badewell will con
duct the services.
Mr. Hook was born in Arrow Rock, Mo.,
on October 1, 1848, and came to California
with his parents in 1850. The family, on
arriving in this City, departed imme
diately for the g.oldlields of Hangtown,
now Placerville, and they remained there
until 1851. They then moved to Sacra
mento and engaged in the merchandise
business. In this city they carried on a
very large business until driven out by
fire in 1852. Afterward the father of Mr.
Hook began a mercantile business in Mar
tinez, Contra Costa County, and Martinez
has continued to be the homestead of the
family.
Mr. Hook amassed a large fortune and
invested his money in farms throughout
the county.
Mr. Hook was given an excellent educa
tion. He attended the Contra Costa school
until 1865, when he entered the Benicia
College, graduating in 1867. At 20 years of
age he was appointed abstract clerk in the
Naval Oflice of the United States Custom
house. He remained in that position un
til 1875. Then he accepted a clerkship in
the furniture-store of his uncle, Elijah
Hook of Oakland, and after ten years in
that house he made a tour of the United
States, during which trip he was the guest
of President Hayes at Columbus, Ohio.
He was nominated for Treasurer of Con
tra Costa County in 1886 and was afterward
nominated for the Assembly by the Re
publicans in 1888. He was elected by a
large majority.
He was the originator of the agricultural
bill that separated his county from Ala
meda and was the main advocate of the
Feeble-minded Home bill. He was chiefly
instrumental in having the appropriation
bill of $10,000 passed for the location of
the first United States Grange in Cali
fornia. He held for a number of years the
position of cashier in the United States
Custom-house, buf of late years has given
the greater part of his attention to his
large ranches :in "Contra Costa County,
which aggregate over a thousand acres.
He married Miss Elizabeth A. Berming
ham, a sister of Captain John Berming
ham of this City, in 1874. Miss Berming
ham at that time was assistant principal
of the Oakland High School.
Mr. . Hook leaves one daughter, Miss
Elizabeth B. Hook.* Miss Hook's engage
ment to Dr. Reuben Hall of Martinez was
announced several months ago.
Only One Set of Books.
In explanation of the statement made In
Justice Cook's court that the.- W. R. Larzelere
Commission Company keeps three sets of books
in its business, the manager of the concern
states that it was a mistake, and that, while ac
counts appear in three separate books, there is
really hut one set. -Receipts of produce are
first entered in a rough book j kept outside the
office, and later copied Into the regular books,
a circumstance that led to the misappre
hension. ....:' .;'..'■
COURSING AT NEWARK.
The Interstate Club Will Hold. Its
Inaugural Meeting Next
Month. •"• _■'*.!.
The Interstate Coursing Club held its
final meeting last evening and elected
officers for the ensuing year as follows:
Dominick Shannon, president; W. C.
Peaton, first vice-president; J.Lang, sec
ond vice-president; A. Rosetter, treasurer;
J. Dickson, secretary; executive commit
tee—J. Horton, T. J. McCue, James Byrnes
and J. Dean. ;/*/_
The membership is limited to forty
sportsmen, who will leave no stone un
turned to popularize the pastime and
elevate it from the mire in which coursing
has been buried for many years on this
coast.
The club will hold its next outdoor
meeting at Newark Park on February 22
and it goes without saying that a grand
day's sport is sure to result, as the best of
canine running stock in this City will
come from the kennels of tho represent
atives of the Interstate Club.
As every lover of the leash is aware
after the first heavy winter rains hares
become fat and lazy and will not perform
as well before a brace of fast dogs as when
green food is scarce. To offset any pos
sible likelihood of having, on the day of
the meeting, a series of short races owing
to an inferior condition of the hares if al
lowed their liberty of the running field,
Mr. Shannon has taken the timely precau
tion to notify the manager of the park to
confine the short-tail sprinters in the
breeding paddock for one week previous
to the day of the meeting, so that they
will not become bloated from a too free
indulgence of green food. Grain will be
substituted in lieu of grass and every pre
caution will be taken by the manager to
guarantee the members of the Interstate
Club ._ grand day' , sport on the inaugural
day of its meeting.
HER VICTORY COMPLETE
An Interesting Case Involving a
Precedent in Fraternal
Legislation.
Mrs. Osterman Secures Her Endowment
and Vindicates the Good Name
of Her Husband.
Aside from the personal interest that at
taches to the decision of the Supreme
Court just handed down in the case of
Mrs. Sarah Osterman vs. District Grand
Lodge No. 4, I. O. B. 8., an important pre
cedent is established in connection with
fraternal society legislation.
Monroe Osterman died on May 29, 1891,
and at the time of his death was a mem
ber and secretary of Ophir Lodge No. 21,
I. O. B. B.
His widow, after his death, in due time
made application for the $2000 to which
she claimed to be entitled by virtue of her
husband at the time of his death being a
member of the endowment branch of the
order. She was informed, however, by
Trustees D'Ancona and Saalburg of Ophir
Lodge that not only had her husband been
delinquent in his dues and assessments at
the time of bis death, but that he was a
defaulter.
During the trial of the case Trustee Saal
burg testified on direct examination that
Osterman'a defalcation was between $3100
and $3500, but on cross-examination he
modified this so as to bring the amount
down to about $900, but it was later shown
that the actual shortage was less than $300.
It was also shown that there was due
Osterman from Ophir Lodge at the time of
his death more than the amount of his
shortage and the dues and assessments
which had become delinquent.
The claim set up by the defense, how
ever, rested mainly upon the allegation
that the deceased had been delinquent and
liable to suspension, but had been able to
keep the matter of his delinquency from
the lodge by virtue of being its secretary.
But the Supreme Court holds that the
laws of the order expressly provide that a
member must be formally suspended by
hi 3 lodge before his heirs lose their right
to the endowment, and that a mere delin
quency did not abrogate the rights of the
member's beneficiaries.
Another peculiar development that was
part of the proceedings in the trial court
was the testimony of the plaintiff that she
had been induced by Trustee William
Saalburg to sign the following document
before they would consent to pay her the
endowment:
You are hereby authorized to pay to Ophir
Lodge No. 21 all moneys in the hands of mv
late husband, Monroe Osterman, belonging to
said lodge, and to deduct the same from the
endowment of $2000 which you hold for me
under the laws of District Grand Lodge No. .4.
This order the Supreme Court holds to
be of no value, as the endowment in ques
tion could not be made liable for her hus
band's debts.
Many of the members of the order were
surprised that the plaintiff should have
been able to secure the services of Joseph
Rothschild, as he is not only the attorney
for the order, but is also a member of the
supreme tribunal of the organization the
International Court of Appeals. * Speaking
of his action in taking the case Mr. Roths
child said that it appeared; to him to be
so flagrant an attempt at injustice to a
widow that h3 felt it his duty, as a mem
ber of the order, whose pride it is to look
after the widows and orphans of deceased
members, to assist Mrs. Osterman to se
cure her endowment. ;
JAPAN'S CHEAP LABORERS
How They Learn by "Looking
At" the Operatives of
Other Nations.
THREE YEARS' MATCH EXPORTS
The Japanese Cotton-Goods Exporters
Driving English Products Out
of Asia.
The joint committee of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association and
Chamber of Commerce met yesterday in
the Mills building to consider the Japan
ese cheap-goods question. There were
present: Hugh Craig (chairman), Fred H.
Dingle (secretary), Julian Sonntag, Pro
fessor George Davidson, Wakefield Baker,
W. F, Bowers, George H. Collins, W. B.
Curtis, William Rutherford and A. Sbar
boro. :;/7^
The following report was received from
Wakefield Baker of the firm of Baker &
Hamilton, relative to the metal products
of Japan:
With the limited means of information at
hand it would seem as though they had an
ample supply of coal, iron and copper. Their
wire, however, is not in the most desirable
shape for working, and from the fact that
freight forms such a high percentage on goods
of this class it may safely be relied upon for the
present, at least, that no shipments of prod
ucts of iron will be made to this country.
■ In this connection it may be positively
stated that notwithstanding their present
cheap labor nearly all the by-products of
iron which they are at present using are im
ported into that country, and while they may
be able in the future to supply their home con
sumption, there is but little fear from their
present resources that they will enter this
market, . especially after considering the
present protective duties.
Native copper, has always been sold so
cheaply there that it would seem as tnough it
might be possible for the products of this
metal to be shipped to this market whenever
they may have machinery to make such com
modities economically.
It has not been possible to obtain figures as
to the possible output of native copper, but it
is known that there is and has been an over
supply rather than a scarcity. -
They are very large producers of coal, and
from the best information at hand it would
seem as though the average price of 'this for
local consumption would not exceed the cost
of similar coals in this and other cheap coal
producing countries.
This committee has not gone further into
their general resources on metals from the
fact that freights and import duties as at pres
ent existing would make imports from that
country almost if not absolutely prohibiting,
and, further, because labor in the manufac
ture of metals forms such a small percentage
of the cost. Wakefield Baker,
For the committee.
W. F. Bowers, for the committee, re
ported upon the manufacture of Japanese
rubber goods as follows:
Your committee is unable to learn that they
are operating any rubber factories at present,
but they doubtless will be at an early day, be
cause they are already making the cotton
duck which is a large factor in the production
of mechanical rubber. They can easily obtain
crude gum direct from the rubber forests of
India and machinery from this country. With
such low-priced material and labor they could
easily undersell the American manufacturer if
their product was allowed to enter this coun
try free. W. F. Bo webs.
Horace J. Dunn, who was formerly con
nected with the Japanese Consular
service, and who bad been requested by
the committee to give some information
upon the labor status of that country, was
present. He said that the daily wages of
laborers had lately gone up in the empire
on an average of from 10 to 17 sen, or from
0 to 9 cents, their value here. In 1872
Japan exported 9,242,035 cross of boxes of
matches, valued at 2,202,041 silver yen (a
yen is about 54 cents, United States coin,
here). In 1893 the export was 13.541,287
gross boxes, at 3,537,974 silver yen, and in
lS94the match export was 13,843,022 gross
at 3,795,634 silver yen. The United State 3
received in 1892 about 150 gross, in 1893,
1300 gross, and in 1894, 5285 gross.
Mr. Dunn stated that it would be impos
sible for the operatives of any country to
compete with the Japanese. Workmen on
watches now being made in that country
were being paid an equivalent to 9 cents a
day for the same labor that $2 75 and $3 50
is paid in this country.
Manager William Rutherford of the
California Cotton Mills at Oakland made
an address so full of facts and figures per
taining to the incoming waves of Japanese
cheap-labor products that the committee
was aghast at the impending peril.
He read the following extract from a
letter requesting him to remove the mills
to Japan as an illustration of the marvel
ouslv cheap resources of that pushing em
pire:
The price of coal here Is IV to I% yen; cost
of ground for a site (200,000 square feet—
aimost tive acres), 10,000 to 25,000 yen; cost of
male labor per day, twelve hours, 0.25 to 0.75
yen; female labor per day, 0.14 to 0.35 yen.
The taxes will be about 75 per cent of what
they are in California, and are payable in sil
ver yen, or about 50 per cent. There is no duty
oo importing raw cotton Irom anywhere. Tex
tiles of any kind manufactured in Japan pay
no duty when exported. Cost of the building
would be about one-third of cost in the United
States.
Mr. Rutherford here stated to the com
mittee that he could remove his entire
plant to Japan, pay $7 50 per ton freight
on raw cotton and export cotton goods at
a profit of 20 per cent.
The Japanese writer advised his Oakland
correspondent to take inNi native partner,
as then "the interior and exterior com
mercial field of Japan and China would be
accessible to the new firm, as by the peace
treaty between those two countries a large
new territory of China has been opened
commercially to Japanese only." After ad
vising Mr. Rutherford to locate his mills
near Yokohama, which is within an hour's
railroad ride of Tokio and nearer the great
market of the capital city than the many
mills of Osaka, which is now beginning to
compete with the world, the writer says:
We have a native partner for you, Mr. — -,
who has in Japan high and influential social
and commercial connections. He is a gradu
ate of several United States colleges and is
thoroughly acquainted - with the American
and Asiatic markets as well as his own.
After stating that capital was no object,
that money could be procured for the
building of as large a plant as desired, the
writer gives this following bit of informa
tion:
As regards the starting of the mill, it would
only be necessary to take to Japan a; few ex
perienced hands from the United States for a
time not exceeding one month. We have In
Japan all the help necessary, including the
moat skillful in textile manufactures, so that
a few days of looking at the United States help
would be sufficient to enable our Japanese
hands to pick up the thread and to finish each
particular kind of goods quite to perfection.
Mr. Rutherford stated that the incessant
activity of the Japanese is carrying him
ahead at a prodigious rate. He is taking
the British Indian markets away from
Great Britain himself. ' English and even
German trade journals are sounding the
alarm. "As the Japanese took our " arms
and beat the Chinese they are taking our
commercial methods to beat us. They
are advancing against us armed with our
own weapons. They are always imitating,
imitating, imitating."
Speaking of the readiness with which
Japan has adopted foreign methods Mr.
Rutherford said :
English and American methods were in
stituted in the commercial, postal, naval
and military departments of the Government,
and her inquiring and energetic song can be
found in the dockyards, machine-shops,
laboratories, workshops and the schools of the
most: advanced, nations, and the l recent re
markable military and naval supremacy in the
war with China was the result of her careful
preparation and .raining along these lines. ; -
Japan's industrial and; commercial progress
is just as real and true as her "naval and mili
tary, and it is as certain as her national exist
ence ! Her people ? are patriotic, brave and law
abiding, and there are 40,000,000 waiting and
ready to be led into • the - peaceful pursuits of
manufacturing, trade, commerce and agricul
ture. ,
Labor and fuel are so cheap that neither
Europe nor the United States can stand out
against her in the open field of competition,
and Japan has no patent laws and no inter
national restraints on her citizens, utilizing
any and all inventions and improvements
found by her industrious sons in every pro
gressive country they are in.
Japanese agents are selling in our markets
to-day chemicals, textiles and metal goods at
prices the American manufacturer and pro
ducer cannot touch. You will find chemicals
in our drugstores, metals in hardware-stores
and metal-workshops, and textiles in our dry
goods houses which are of Japanese make.
As a representative of textile manufacturers
on this coast I am in a, position to know that
, Japanese manufacturers have already taken
some from our trade, and in time, if sufficient
protection is not afforded by National legisla
tion, every textile factory will be affected, aDd
it won't be long before we all feel it. The evil
effect will be the same uDon our laboring
classes whether we permit the importation of
cheap labor goods or let in Japanese and
Chinese immigration. Indeed, the evil least
serious and objectionable would be the admis
sion of the laborer. Better tnat he produce his
stock and manufacture in this country than
do so in another county, and then sell his prod
ucts here; and those who champion the cause
of the exclusion of Asiatics should consider
this view of the question.
Every month large shipments of cotton pass
through this City in transit to the cotton mills
of Japan, chiefly, to Osaka, the Manchester of
that nation. Every bale shipped abroad to be
manufactured represents a loss to the American
laborer of $30 a bale in wages.
In 1883 Japan was erecting at Osaka her two
first modern mills, equipped with the latest
and best makes of machinery. To-day she is
erecting her fifty-sixth mill, and all the mills
erected in that time are managed entirely by
Japanese, and the financial results far exceed
to the capitalists and investors their most san
guine expectations. No alien can in Japan
own real estate, therefore all those mills are
built for and under the control of
Japanese citizens. They are well managed,
and economical methods prevail, and a large
percentage of profit paid to stockholders, and
the products of 700,000 spindles are sold in
foreign lands. The wages paid married cotton
mill help in Osaka, Japan, i 3as follows:
Women, for twelve hours' work, 14 to 35 sen;
men, lor twelve hours' work, 25 to 75 sen.
.. If it costs in this country $50,000 in
wages to produce from 4000 bales of
cotton plain salable cotton products
the- same can be produced in Japan
for about $17,500. The "freight on these goods
to and from Japan would not be more than
$15,000, which leaves a balance in favor of
Japan of $17,500, not taking into account the
greater difference in favor of Japan arising
from the payment of everything on a silver
basis. .
Mr. Sonntag moved that the joint com
mittees urge their respective associations
to request our representatives in Congress
to urge the appointment of a committee to
investigate the Japanese import and ex
port trade; also that a mass-meeting be
held in the Chamber of Commerce at the
very earliest day possible to further discuss
and take action upon the subject of the
cheap Japanese products invasion.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
The British Ship Falls of Halla
dale Makes a Record for
Herself.
A Seaman Lost From the General
Faircliild and the Homer
Disabled.
The British ship Falls of Halladale.
which arrived from Swansea yesterday,
has made the quickest run in years, and if
the time was reckoned from land to land
it would be the quickest on record. Cap
tain Fordyce says his ship made the run
in ninety-nine days, and that is only
twenty-four hours behind the voyage of the
Eudora two years ago and two days behind
the record made by the Merioneth five
years ago. The Halladale had a remark
able streak of luck from the Horn to San
Francisco, as she was only thirty-nine
days getting here, which is equal to
steamer time. From 50 deg. latitude in
the Atlantic to 50 in the Pacific only occu
pied ten days, so that the ship had all her
bad weather in the Atlantic.
The day the Falls of Halladale sailed
Charles Anderson, a seaman, reported for
duty. He was then slightly under the in
fluence of liquor, and was told to go to
bed. When the watch was called next
morning Anderson was missing, and the
chances are that during the night he went
on the forecastle and fell overboard.
Captain Fordyce of the Falls of Halla
dale is an old-time shipmaster, having
been a master in the "County" line of
ships for over twenty-live years. The last
time he was in San Francisco was in 1869,
when he was master of the famous tea
clipper Singapore.
The recent southeaster kept a Dig fleet
of grain-laden vessels in port. As the storm
seems to have passed all the vessels seized
the opportunity and went to sea. The
Celtic Bard sailed for London, the Os
borne for Hull, the GlenSnart for Queens
town, the LauristonforNewcasle, N.S. \V.,
the Hospodar for Ipswich, the Falls of
Clyde for Hull, the Copley for Queens
town, the Marie Hackfeld for Queenstown,
and the Glendale for the Sound. The
schooner-yacht Jessie, which was recently
purchased by the Columbia River pilots,
also sailed for Astoria, and on her arrival
there will immediately be put in commis
sion. A-'4p.
The Tahiti Island trader City of Papeete
has just completed unloading 110,000 co
coanuts for L. J. Schresovich & Co., and
will sail again on the Ist of next month,
carrying the French mail to the islands.
Almost every vessel that arrives in port
has a tale of disaster to tell. If it has not
been a battle with the elements it is one
of a man or men lost overboard or killed
by falling from aloft. The steam schooner
Alcazar was caught in Sunday's south
easter, and the captain says henever had
such a terrible time of it. Toe vessel was
several times in danger, but finally man
aged to weather the storm and reach port
in safety.
The bark General Faircliild was also
caught in the storm. While the crew was
aloit furling sail Thomas Bradburn fell
from the main topsail yard to the deck
and was instantly killed. He was buried
at sea.
The steamer Areata got in yesterday and
reports that the steamer Homer wa3
spoken off Crescent City in a disable! con
dition. The Homer is twenty-f our hours
NEW TO-DAY.
shipped fresh from the
factory in such lots that the
smoker gets them while they are
still moist. The leaf is grown,
cured and selected with the one
idea in view of producing a mild,
sweet smoke, uniform and free-
burning. Their ever-increasing
popularity proves that this extra
care is not in vain. Made in
new sizes to suit your ideas
overdue and fears are entertained for her.
Should she not get in by noon to-day a
tup will be sent out to look for her. The
Areata sighted the Homer at 10:30 a. m. on
the 21st inst. and at that time she was
making slow headway against the heavy
seas. The captain signaled that a portion
of the machinery had given away, but that
he was not in need of assistance. The
steamer at that time was making about 3
knots an hour, but if another accident
had happened during the storms of the
last day or so she would be in a serious
predicament. The Homer is a good, stout
shin, however, and her owners have no
fears for her safety.
CRUELTY AT SEA.
First Mate Orr of the Ship John McDon-
aid Arrested.
Charles W. Orr, first mate of the ship
John McDonald, for whom a warrant has
been out for some time on the charge of
cruel treatment of sailors at sea, was ar
rested yesterday by a Deputy United States
Marshal. The officers have been looking
for Orr for some time, but have heretofore
been unable to locate him. Orr was taken
before Commissioner Heacock, gave bail
and was released.
Philip Ratz Convicted.
Philip "Ratz, who was on trial before Judge
Wallace for a felonious assault upon little Julia
Christiansen, was convicted after six minutes'
deliberation by the jury yesterday. There
was no defense submitted to the case of the
prosecution, and the arguments and charge
took but a short time. There is another
charge of the same character pending against
Ratz. He will be sentenced next Friday.
NEW TO-DAY.
eft?
vDf s***.5 ***. __ o o,- / j I
WW
Mothers like the big store be-
cause mothers know that the
big store saves money for 'em.
The big store doesn't give 'em
cheap stuff, but the very best of
high-class goods at half price
on special days. To-day is one .
of those days.
Some remarkably clever Reef-
er Suits to-day, like shown in
picture above, handsomely
braided, made from those fine
Imported Blue Cheviots, equal
to any suit in town for $5;
money can't buy 'em better.
Some pretty Scotches among
'em, also handsomely braided,
sizes 3 to 10 years, at
--$2.50--
For bigger boys, made in the
double-breasted style, ages 5 to
15 years, short trouser suits, a
wonderful assortment of high-
class fabrics, all-wool goods,
suits that can't be duplicated
under $4 and $5 in other stores.
To-day at the big store,
--$2.50--
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny Street
THAT BIG STORE.
In i h 1 1 H l^l a b I** tax t. f
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
eyes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instrument of his own invention, wiioii
■uperiorlty has sot been equaled. My sacceu tui
been due to the merits of my work.
Oilice Hours— 1_! to -1 r. it.
Ho Percentage Pharmacy, 953 Marie SL
===
AUCTION SALES. ■
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 6181.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND JACKETS
-_A_.T AUCTION!
THIS DAY,
Friday January 34. 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. xt., in our salesrooms,
31 AND 33 SUTTER STREET,
; ;...*VE WILL SELL.... .
By order of a New York Manufacturer and con.
: signed to us for Peremptory bale,
400 Cloaks, Capes and Jackets,
In Flush. Velvet, Broadcloth,
Silk and .satin. '
Note.— The above goods are very fine and tt
them we beg to call the attention of ladles desiring
fine outer garments.
. US' Goods Now on .Exhibition.
EDWAKD S. fePBAIt <fe CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
1
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free
Tally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $ 0.1
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by raa!! — 6.00
Dally tnd Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.00
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
fcccday Call, one veer, by ma 11..... 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
IMcphcne ......*.; Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS i
517 Clay Street.
Wepbone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
830 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open natfl
f :2? 0 o'clock.
J B9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
I.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
Kill 9 o'clock.
ifclfe Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
lit -Ninth street: open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 51 and 32, 34 Park Row, New Tort City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
FRIDAY ........JANUARY 24. 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
"Wheat goes up— the revival is here.
Every grain field in the State is on rising
ground now.
Nothing goes against the grain in Calfor*
nia this year.
"We started the San Joaquin Railroad in
the nick of time.
It is going to be a Republican year all
the way through.
In these days all wheat is spring wheat,
and right on the jump.
When the prosperity ol the farmer begins
to rise, it lifts everything.
Now is the time to sing "we will all be
happy in this wheat by and by."
Nobody would object if some one in
authority should give Vining a transfer.
Salisbury is still unwilling to arbitrate,
but he is willing to grant a few conces
sions.
The Senate does not advertise to legis
late while you wait, but you must wait all
the same.
Golden days in the grain fields as well as
in the mines will mal>e California feel like
herself again.
The wheat-growing districts can afford
to get into line with the procession of
festival counties.
Olney should ask Krueger the simple
Question: "If Jameson is released why is
Hammond held?"
There is many a key to the present gov
ernmental situation, but none of them can
open the deadlock.
Huntington will soon have to take his
hands off the State, for he will need both
of them at Washington.
People who undertake to fill the bill as
reformers shouldn't fill their bills with
unconstitutional provisions.
In point of length, breadth and thick
ness, every Senatorial debate is equal to an
elaborate campaign of education.
Since Krueger asserts that hi» American
prisoners must stand trial, Mr. Olney must
see to it that the trial is a fair one.
The new Election Beard is ousted, but
there are plenty of means left for straight
politics to bring about municipal reform.
California can defeat the funding billf if
she can prevent the railroad from con
fusing the contest by mixing other issues
with it.
If Tom Reed has anythirg of an itching
palm at all it must itch sometimes to get
hold of the gavel of the President of the
Senate.
Despite the Sultan's announcement that
he would not allow it Miss Barton has
sailed for Armenia, and the Sultan won't
stop her.
We were a nation of fools to elect Cleve
land, but Providence has taken care
of us and we will be able to pay those
bonds yet.
Sherman may have been right in calling
the silver question "an old, worn issue,"
but it is a great deal better than Cleve
land's new issue.
The Kaiser's letter to Krueger seems to
have been directed mainly at the mem
bers of the Reichstag who oppose an in
crease in the army.
Wheat rises in price, and the competing
road will give the farmers of California the
means of keeping the monopoly from
grabbing all the profits.
Sherman says the silver Senators know
their bill cannot pass, and Teller retorts
that Sherman knows the bond bill cannot
pass, and there you have it.
From the present outlook there will be
no legislation of importance this winter,
and the elections next fall will be practi
cally a referendum on a grand scale.
Science continues to furnish the world
with many improvements in the way of
light, heat and motion, but what is wanted
is an umbrella that will cover the town.
The refusal of the Transvaal authorities
to admit the American prisoners to bail
has an ugly look, and Uncle Sam ought to
put old man Krueger out of countenance
on the proposition.
It is evident that since the retirement of
Campos a more vigorous hand has taken
bold of the telegraph office at Havana, for
the Spaniards are now reporting three vic
tories a day instead of one.
Olney made a mistake in asking British
aid in getting relief for Hammond and his
friends in the Transvaal. He should have
addressed himself to Krueger exclusively
and been vigorous about it.
It is reported that the merchants and
manufacturers of Council Bluffs have re
solved that the United States should
recognize Cuba, but it is not stated
whether they were acting in council or
only on the bluff.
Kansas may have ceased to bleed, but
the fact that the authorities of the Slate
University have refused to sanction an in-"
vitation to Ingersoll to deliver an address
on law to the students, shows that she is
still very raw in some places.
THE EISE IN WHEAT.
The rise in the price of wheat is un
doubtedly the most important event that
has happened in the new year. It will
affect society so widely that hardly any in
dustry will fail to feel its influence. The
effect, moreover, will be wholly beneficial.
Our commercial and industrial activities
are so closely associated with one another
and all are so largely dependent upon the
conditions of agricultural industries that
the prosperity now seemingly assured to
the farmers will be felt as a stimulus in
all departments of work and trade, lead
ing to an upward movement in tho prices
of products of all kinas.
It is significant that nearly all the busi
ness men who were interviewed by The
Call on the subject yesterday spoke more
of the effect of the rise upon the fina ncial
situation than upon any other point. . It
is believed that it will at once make the
money market easier and start into brisker
circulation that golden current which is
the life blood of the social organism of
every civilized people. If this should
prove to be the case there will at once re
sult between wheat and gold an action and
reaction mutually beneficial. If the rise
in wheat prices gives confidence to bankers
and makes loans easier that will in turn
add to the industry and consuming power
of the country and tend to a further ad
vance in wheat, so that the outlook prom
ises even better prices than now prevail.
"While every portion of the United States
will be more or less benefited by the im
proved outlook the prospects for Cali
fornia are exceptionally good. Our wheat
is worth in the world's market 10 cents
per cental more than that of any other
section of the Union. Moreover in our
climate it is not yet too late for farmers to
plant wheat for the crop of the coming
season, and the recent rains have put the
soil in most excellent condition for that
purpose. This last a dvantage is one of
great value, and if promptly made use of
may enable many a farmer to have a much
larger harvest and more abundant profit
than he would otherwise have.
It 13 in the highest degree gratifying at
this juncture to know that the San Joa
quin Railroad is well under way and will
be ready for business over a considerable
territory by the time the wheat crop is
ready for the market. Without the com
petition afforded by that road the grain
growers of the valley would gain little
from the rise in prices. The monopoly
would absorb it all if the new road were
not there to afford relief. Fortunately it
is there, and the farmers of the San Joa
quin can count on the getting for them
selves the profit which is justly theirs.
A REPUBLICAN NEED.
The Supreme Court decision declaring
the new Election Commission of San Fran
cisco unconstitutional throws the election
machinery back into the hands of the old
board, which contains a Democratic ma
jority. At the same time the Superior
Court of Los Angeles renders a decision
against the constitutionality of the pri
njary election law, but this is not final
until the Supreme Court passes on the
question. The appeal from Los Angeles
will doubtless be pushed forward with all
possible speed.
Whatever may be the final decision in
the matter Charles W. Manwaring, chair
man of the Republican County Commit
tee, in a card published in Thursday's
Call, earnestly urges the committee,
either as a body or individually, "to make
an effort to secure the choice by the Elec
tion Commission of good, efficient Repub
licans to represent the party in the pre
cinct boards." He insists that none but
"unquestionable Republicans" be selected.
The urgency for this is very great. The
shameful position in which the City has
been placed by permitting unscrupulous
bosses of both parties to manipulate pre
cinct boards by corrupt combinations and
to control the conventions should be
remedied as quickly and thoroughly as
possible. Had it not been for this kind of
politics such a disgraceful thing a3 a Solid
Eight in the Board of Supervisors would
have been impossible, and the need of
Grand Jury disclosures of scandalous prac
tices in the Street Department would never
have arisen.
The increasing power of Christopher
Buckley, the Democratic boss, in reorgan
izing his scattered forces and thus present
ing a fair prospect of being able to over
whelm the decent element of that party
in the City, adds to the necessity for ener
getic action on the part of the Republicans
to keep their own house clean and make it
inviting to the respectable elements of all
parties. The success of a corrupt boss in
one party is an encouragement for the ad
vent of a corrupt boss in the other, for it is
by combinations that they thrive best. A
Solid Eight, composed of Republicans and
Democrats, means simply a combination
between the bosses who elected and con
trol them.
The Republicans of -the City have now
the best opportunity that has ever been
offered them to organize on a high plane
and purge San Francisco of political ras
cality. The people are tired of boss rule.
If the Republicans succeed in suppressing
the advent of a boss of the Buckley type
in their ranks and place only decent and
responsible citizens on guard they can
sweep the City. The consternation fol
lowing Buckley's reappearance has cre
ated an extraordinary opportunity for the
Republicans, but they can lose all its pos
sible benefits by failure to appreciate its
value. ■ '
BRING THEM UNDER CONTROL.
The people of the town of San Leandro,
in Alameda County, through their public
officers, have been compelled to resort to
violence in the protection of what they
deem to be their rights against the aggres
sions of the electric railway which runs
between Oakland and Haywards. The
town authorities take the ground that cer
tain privileges, granted years ago to the
railway company, have lapsed by reason
of a failure on the part of the company to
avail itself of them at the proper time.
Hence when the company sought forcibly
to assert its privileges the ; authorities re
sisted, the townspeople lent a hand and
a small riot ensued. The company, once
a favorite with the people, has incurred
their bitter animosity by pursuing what
they think is a selfish and high-handed
policy.
It is not within the province of The
Call to deal with the legal phase of this
case, but the privilege remains of saying
that, had the company acted differently,
it would have kept the good will' of the
people, would have enjoyed a larger busi
ness and would have made its road a more
valuable property than it is. If it had
been actuated by wisdom and a regard for
public rights it would have gone openly
before the authorities, announced its in
tention of making the contemplated mi
provement, and, in case of a question of
legal right, would have proceeded decor
ously in one or morr. of the numerous
proper ways open to it. It seems to have
preferred the methods of the Southern
Pacific Company and its offspring, the
Market-street Railway Company, and, as a
result, it has incurred the popular hatred
in which these companies are held."
An .'; end must come to all such aggres-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
sions. Even the Market-street Railway
Company, which has been lording it over
this City with the same imperious disre
gard of public right which the Southern
Pacific has always displayed, is being
called to terms, for a suit has been brought
to dispossess it of a number of streets over
which it holds franchises secured under
terms which have been openly and defi
antly violated. The way in which the
Metropolitan road has beer, managed by
the Market-street Company has virtually
checked the progress which the region
south of the park had begun, and property
values there have suffered accordingly.
Persons who built homes in the section
served by that road did so under the natu
ral presumption that the conditions ob
taining at the time of their building and
required by law would continue. The in
convenience which they have suffered has
been annoying and serious.
It is time that these matters should re
ceive a thorough overhauling and the fact
be definitely ascertained if tbe railway
companies are really stronger than the
people, the laws which they enact and the
officers whom they elect.
THE MONEY DIVERTED.
As M. G. Upton pointed out in a com
munication published in Thursday's Call
the money which the Central Pacific
earned by taxing the industries of Califor
nia was sufficient to pay the debt to the
Government, but instead of being applied
to that use, as was understood between the
Government and the company, it was di
verted to the pockets of the company's
members. Hence the private fortunes of
these persons in reality belong to the Gov
ernment. The people have already paid
sufficient money to the company to extin
guish its debt, but Mr. Huntington asks
that he be given the opportunity to make
them pay it a second time. This is mon
strous on its face. '**.*-.,
Not only would the people have to raise
this amount of money a second time if a
funding bill were passed, but the burdens
which have borne so heavily upon them in
the shape of railroad extortion would be
largely increased, for we may be sure that
the company will never be willing to re
duce the amount of its profits, and that in
raising the extra large sum required by a
funding bill it will increase its tariffs.
Even that, however, is not so serious a
matter as the perpetuation of the power
ful monopoly which holds the welfare of
California in its grasp. We in this State
are familiar with the many ways in which
this power has been exercised.
Undoubtedly the desperate eagerness
with which Mr. Huntington is seeking to
secure the passage of a funding bill is, in
art. explainable on the ground of his fear
that if he is forced to settle with the Gov
ernment his private fortune may be en
dangered. This is the property which he
should have paid to the Government in
stead of putting it into his own pocket.
There are "equities" besides those which
be is urging as a reason for an extension
of his debt.
The establishing of such a precedent as
that for which the railroad companies are
contending would be an exceedingly un
wise policy for this Goverrment to adopt.
It would be going contrary to every busi
ness principle, and would be subversive of
the wise and fixed financial relations ex
isting between the Government and its
citizens. The whole proposition is so dan
gerous, absurd and unjust tbat the won
der is it should be gravely considered for a
moment by the Nation's representatives
at Washington.
UTILIZING^ THE ISLAND.
The bill introduced by Senator Perkins
for the establishment of a naval training
station on Goat Island has the hearty in
dorsement of Secretary Herbert of the
navy and the ardent support of the Cali
fornia delegation in the House. As the
Secretary points out. not only does the in
crease in the number of war vessels create
a great demand for trained seamen in the
absence of a merchant marine, but such
training schools encourage the intro
duction of American citizens into the ser
vice of the country. /■
. No place in the Nation is more admir
ably adapted for this purpose than Goat
Island. Although a land station, it is
sufficiently far removed from the main
land to make its efficiency and discipline
perfectly effective, and while this end is
being served all the facilities of a large
city immediately at hand can be enjoyed.
The climate is excellent, and diseases of
local origin could be rendered impossible,
as the island is high and the drainage
perfect. Tne bay offers a perfect practice
ground, and there is ample room on the
island for land drill.
The putting of the island to some such
use would effectually extinguish the dan
ger of its being secured by some great pri
vate corporation which may happen to
enjoy the special favor of the Govern
ment. If Congress passes a funding bill
the act would be a betrayal of such a
spirit of friendliness to the Southern Pa
cilic as would endanger Goat Island. Had
it not been for the vigorous fight which
San Francisco made against the proposi
tion some years ago to turn over the isl
and to the Southern Pacific for terminal
purposes its usefulness to Government
would have come to an end. It might be
well, by the way, to keep in mind the ex
cellent results which that opposition pro
duced, in view of the necessity for an
equally vigorous campaign against the far
more important proposition of the funding
bill.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
Neal Dow is now 91 years old and in vigorous
health. A-iypA*/,
Mrs. Emma Walker Herr of Lexington, Ky.,
has been elected enrolling clerk of the Ken
tucky State Senate. :. ■■"- 7 V
It is said in Paris that Emile Zola really
stands a good chance of being elected to tne
Academy to fill the vacancy left by the late M.
Dumas.'
Barney Barnato, the millionaire, who has
written a play in collaboration with Haddon
Chambeim.is the father of three children,
parts his hair in the middle, Is clean shaven,
except for a small mustache, and wears pince
nez.
Miss Mary C. Philbrook, New Jersey's first
woman lawyer, is exercising a distracting in
fluence upon the bench and bar of the State.
She is tall, graceful and good-looking, and
young advocates particularly lose their heads
when opposed to her. : /Apy
M. Andree of Stockholm, who will attempt to
reach the north pole by balloon, is having his
balloon made in Paris. It is to be finished on
May 11, when it will be transported to Goth
enburg and then to a small island in the Spits
bergen group, whence the . expedition will
start.
Dr. Jameson, the South African adventurer,
is well known in Montana. He made Helena
his headquarters during several visits to the
Northwest between 1875 and 1886, and at dif
ferent times he spent several weeks hunting
and fishing on Mussel Shells Creek and in the
Judith BaslnTt^B^gßttßHßßßßH-MM-i
The English "Peter Parley," the pseudonym
to conceal the identity of William Tegg, died
recently in his eightieth year. He was the son
of Thomas Tegg, book-auctioneer and publisher
in London, and succeeded to hi« father's busi
ness in 1845. Under the pseudonym of "Peter
Parley" he wrote a large number of books for
the young, of which he was also the publisher.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
F. L.' Erickson, one of the heaviest railroad
contractors in the country, is at the Grand.'
Mr. Erickson and his associates have been en
gaged on the line of the Pacific Coast Railway
in San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara counties.
Just now the gentleman is taking a vacation,
as the Southern Pacific Company has stopped
building for a time. '".*.■
Mr. Erickson was, witn his father before
him, for twelve years at work on the Canadian
Pacific. They built 360 miles of that road.
They also built the Duluth and Iron Range
and the retaining wall of Superior street in
Duluth.
The Canadian Pacific work took twelve years
and the latter two and a half years. Five years
were also devoted to the building of the Chi
cago, St. Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha road.
Besides all this, they did pretty much all the
work on the St. Paul and Duluth.
Mr. Erickson's extensive outfit is now lying
idle in Shannon Canyon, Santa Barbara. With
the outfit are 285 horses and an enormous
amount of apparatus, consisting of wagons,
plows, scrapers, rock drills and the scores of
F. L. Erickson, One of the Leading Railroad Contractors in the Country, Now at
the Grand.
appliances of different kinds used in modern
railroad building. The whole thing, he says,
cost $72,000, and five years ago would have
cost fully $125,000.
Mr. Erickson says horses which used to
be worth from $400 to $500 a span can now be
bought readily for from $30 to $125.. The
latter sum will buy a smashing team of big
1400- pound horses.
The ages he selects are from four or five to
ten years. Under four the horses are too soft,
work too freely and soon strain themselves and
use themselves up. Beyond ten the horses are
too old. Ai/Ty
"It takes an enormous amount of feed to
supply our horses," he said. They use of hay
alone from 300 to 500 tons every three or four
months. Of the grain there is also a tremend
ous amount. When any of our horses get too
old we kill them at once. It don't pay to keep
them. The cost is too great.
"The bicycle and electricity has immeasur
ably decreased the demand for horses. I
wouldn't think of paying more than $40 now
for a horse that a few years ago would have
readily commanded $200.
"In regard to railroad building I think Cali
fornia is more promising as a future field of
operations than any other State I know of. I
wouldn't be surprised if the Southern Pacific
would get in now soon and build a lot of road.
"From what I can see, too, I rather think
work will begin before long on the Salt Lake
road. Mayor W. H. Carlson of San Diego has
interested himself a good deal in road-building.
He built six miles some time ago by popular
dollar subscriptions."
Mr. Erickson will leave this evening for Og
den on a short visit.
Malcolm D. Calkins of the Amador Record is
a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. His son,
Thomas Do tin Calkins, and the latter's wife are
at the same house registered from Sutter Creek.
The son Is editor of the Record. The elder
gentleman, or Colonel Calkins, as ho is com
monly known, has been a newspaper and min
ing man for the major portion of his three score
and ten years.
'•I came from a race of journalists," he re
marked as he sat before a comfortable fire,
and I believe that I have turned out a race of
newspaper men."
"What do you mean by that, Colonel?" was
asked.
"I mean simply that I am the father of more
live newspaper men than any man living," he
replied with a smile. "Here is my son Thomas,
editor of the Record, who is a pretty lively
specimen; and there is L. S. Calkins, Post
master at Nevada City and editor of the
Nevada Transcript; Willard P. is of the
Truckee Republican, and Charles L. is of the
Siskiyou Reporter, published at Fort Jones.
"You want to know something about our
mining boom, do you? Well, it has come to
stay, and don't you forget it. Thomas can tell
you all about it."
."Yes," responded the young man. "Things
are booming at Sutter Creek. We have some
of the greatest gold mines in the world. Many
mines that have been idle for years are now
being worked Profitably in consequence of
modern appliances for taking out and reducing
ore. ■■ * ■ .
"The mother lode runs directly through
Amador County and on it is located such
mines as the Hay ward, Eureka, Central
Eureka, or Summit, South Eureka/Oneida,
Kennedy, Clyde, Volunteer, Jackson, Argo
naut, Hoffman and Alma. These all lie be
tween Sutter Creek and Jackson. The Oneida
Is a great mine, owned by the Rothschilds and
Seligmanns. It has a three-compartment
shaft. New machinery is being erected and
the output is expected to be very heavy.
Aside from this property nearly all the mines
are conducted by local capital. New claims
are being located every day.
"The Central Eureka mine, formerly known
as the Summit, lies jin the southern outskirts
of the town of Sutter Creek, occupying some
GOO feet in width by 1500 in length, lying be
tween the old Eureka or Hay.ward mine and
the well-known South Eureka. Some twenty
years ago it was operated, but , the machinery
was Inadequate, and there was trouble among
the managers. Now C. W. Randall of San Fran
cisco and his associates have possession of it
through a forced sale. Last week a contract
was let to build a complete plant, similar to
that now on the Gwin mine, and with sufficient
power to sink any depth the mine will reach.
It is expected to sink -at least 1200 feet before
any cross-cutting is done.
"Yes, sir; I tell you the Amador has got the
boom of her life on."
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Generosity, but Not Business.
Stockton Mall.
The Grangers' Bank experiment r was very
costly to the; confiding farmers who made it.
Bankers will say that the lesson is : "Grangers,
stick to your grange"; but the real lesson is:
"Don't mix generous confidence with banking
methods, for they are incompatible."
And Vice Versa.
| Dompoo Journal.
The man who booms the town is the man
who advertises.
Not Lost.
4 .':. ":--'■ San Jose Mercury. '
Nat Goodwin has sued the New York Tribune
for $50,000 damages, because it charged him
with winning $2500 at faro. This ought to
teach the reporters to get things right. Nat
lost, of course. * -
Those Republican Millers.
Marysville Appeal.
. The millers of this country . are losing
$10,000,000 a year on account of the smashing
of the reciprocity policy by a Democratic Con
gress, it is easy to understand, therefore, why
they are mostly Republicans.
Patriotic but Magnanimous.
Pasadena News,
The fact that the United States has not taken
advantage of European complications and
taunted England for her uneasy position
seems a pleasant surprise to Salisbury and has
smoothed him down to just about tho arbitra
tion level. Humanity Mill lives.
Signs of the Times.
Selma Irrigator.
The British empire seems to have outstripped
its centripetal force and its fragments may be
. flying through space before the dawn of the
twentieth century. .- " -^-: 1
By Time, Not by Conquest.
Santa Cruz Sentinel.
Sir Charles Dilke said in Paris the other day
that soon or late nil of North and South
America is destined to become a part of the
United States, Canada included, and that this
will be in obedience to natural relations. The
United States is not anxious to nurry the pro
cess. Americans have an aversion for acquir
ing more territory by covert means. This
feeling belongs to the National character, and
shows that the American's English blood has
been considerably modified.
ROBERT BURNS.
Away with your Boccacclos, your Drydens and
your Poes,
Your Marlowes and your Tennysons— away with
all of those;
They ornament prosperity, but when the current
turns, -.".'
We'd swap the aggregation for an hour of Bobby
Burns.
Your scribbling aristocracy let serve' the bookish
clan,
The fellows who can follow out an eplcurlan
plan;
We love him best who sang the worth of poverty's
concerns,
The peer of nature's poets and her princes, Bobby
Burns.
Fbask Putnam In the Chicago Times-Herald.
A CHILD'S PRETTY APRON.
Here is an apron which combines pictur
esqueness with utility. It is developed charm
ingly in any of the dainty white stuffs, such as
nainsook, dimity, lawn and cambric. An in
expensive decoration consists of a very narrow
Valenciennes insertion let in at the top of the
hem on sleeves and revers. Another trimming
which is dainty and not costly is a narrow frill
of Valenciennes lace of the Italian mesh, set
on the edges. - Narrow edges of embroidery set
on flat recommend themselves on the score of
easy laundering. ; .
Aprons of pretty light colors are a possibility,
for the colored nainsooks wash admirably. It
may be had in many colors— pink, couleur de
rose, blue and pale green. -
Gingham in checks and stripes makes very
serviceable aprons, and need not of necessity
be in colors which do not please a child's eye".
Stripes of pink and white on blue and white
wash quite, as well as the dull grays and
browns.' A pretty contrast is obtained by
using a plain color for the revers. Or make
the apron of plain pink, with sleeves and re
vers of striped pink and white. ,
He — I'm . afraid the coming woman will
swear.
She— Oh, no; she intends to run things so
well there won't be anything to swear at.—
Chicago Record:
Count off, Governor-General of Poland,
has been Instructed' by the Czar to prepare a
memorandum on the subject of the , reforms
which he proposes , to introduce into Poland.
The Czar, is said to be sincerely anxious to
bring about a better state of affairs in Poland
PERSONAL.
Dr. S. M. Charles of Suisun is at the Grand
Hotel.
Marsh Ladd, a business man of Stockton, is
in the City.
• A. D. Long, a business man of Chicago, is at
the Palace.
J. L. Phelps of the Stockton Independent is
at the Grand. '
P. A. Kunkel, a mine-owner ot Butte, Mont.,
is at the Palace. -/;-_■.
11. M. Keyes, a druggist of Healdsburg, is
registered at the R*Uss.
G. XV. Harney, a prosperous fruit-gTOwer of
Marysville, is in the City.
B. V. Sargent, the banker and landowner of
Salinas, is at the Occidental.
John Lowe, chief engineer in the United
States Navy, is at the Occidental.
W. £. Sloan, a property-owner of Elsinore,
Southern California, is here on a visit.
George C. Bates of Columbus, Gn., is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
R. A; Thompson, editor of the Daily Demo
crat, Santa Rosa, is here on a short visit.
E. S. Levy, one of the wealthiest ;merchants
of Galveston, Tex., reached here yesterday.
C. W. Pierce, a business man of Los Angeles,
is at the California, accompanied by his wife.
R. Robertson, manager of the Paraiso Springs,
was among yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
George Humphreys, a sheep-grower of Christ
church, New Zealand, arrived here yesterday.
J. B. MacDougall, one of the proprietors of
the Great Northern Hotel, Seattle, is at the
Palace. ATyA
Dr. J. E. Stubbs, president of the Nevada State
University, at Reno, was among yesterday's
arrivals.
General A. W. Barrett of Sacramento came
down to the Bay City last night. He is at the
California.
F. A. Boole, a mill-owner and lumber manu
facturer of Red Bluff, arrived here last night
on a business trip. 7' -*
Ex-Superior Judge C. O. Clarke of Siskiyou
County, is at the Russ. He is a resident of
Mott, on the Shasta route, and has lived long
in Siskiyou.
A. J. Marcus, of the firm of S. H. Frank &
Co., leather merchants, who was a candidate
on the Republican ticket at the last election
for Railroad Commissioner, has been seriously
ill, but is now convalescing and well on the
way toward recovery.
W. J. Montague of Pittsburg, who has arrived
here on a business trip, says traveling over the
best Eastern railroads is now little short of a
luxury. Every comfort and convenience are
furnished the traveler, and he can go right
along and do business at the same time. The
tram on which Mr. Montague came to Chicago
had stenographers, barbers, ladies' maids, prod
uce quotations, financial reports, United States
mail boxes, observation cars and bathrooms.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 23.— Among recent
arrivals are: E. 11. Forest, Grand; W. E. Marr,
Gilsey; P.Hunt, Netherlands; S. F. Wormser,
Windsor; Mrs. A. Flint, St. Cloud.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
MR. VINING AND THE NEWSBOYS.
The Railroad Magnate's Appeal to the Mer
.'.;- chants' Association.
While Mr. Vining has succeeded in a large
measure in subjugating the mature and adult
portion of his subjects, he is severely exercised
by the Indifference and insolence of the im
mature newsboys, and has been obliged to ap
peal to the Merchants' Association to aid him
in suppressing their handling transfers and
depleting the revenues of the monopoly. Mr.
Vining thinks it is getting money under false
pretenses for a newsboy to sell a newspaper to
any person with a transfer as a premium. Mr.
Vining contemplates petitioning the Super
visors to make it a misdemeanor to traffic in
transfers. Mr. Vining was astonished on a
rainy day at seeing a lady cross Powell street
from the west to the east side to give a news
boy a transfer.
But all the anxiety and agony of Mr. Vining
may be caused because out of 350,000 inhabit
ants possibly not more than 200,000 daily
| patronize his combine, and one in a thousand
■ may get a transfer through a newsboy under
Mr. Vining's interpretation of fraudulent pre
tenses. Mr. Vining ought to know that one
third of his 200.000 daily patrons ride from
force of habit and not of necessity, and when
the facts are brought to their notice and com
prehension (as they will be) that the combine
is following in the footsteps of its illustrious
predecessor, the notorious "octopus," by con
tinuing "to charge all the traffic will bear," !
these 67,000 patrons will discontinue riding,
save more than $3000 a day, keep the nickels,
increase the contents of their pockets and im
prove their health by walking.
John R. Robinson.
San Francisco, Jan. 23, 1896.
CURRENT HUMOR.
He— My love will have no ending, dear.
She— I say, Ralph, ain't you going to
marry me, after Boston Beacon.
Cumso— are said to be forty-seven so
ciety editors in New York.
Cawketf— That is all right. New York so
ciety needs editing.— J
Watts— won't be any European war.
Those rulers are all related to one another.
Potts— That's the very reason I think there
will be war.— lndianapolis Journal.
Mrs. Gossipy— l think young Mr. Chatter is
a delightful conversationist.
Mr. Gossipy — Well, yes; he succeeds pretty
well for a man who never had anything to say.
—New York Truth.
"I'm going to be married," said Miss Trotter
to Miss Kittish.
"You I You going to be married! I thought
you were an inveterate man-hater who
wouldn't marry the best man in the world."
"Yes; but that was before one of the horrid
men had proposed to me."— Life.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Crawford, the Scoct— Alameda, Cal.
Captain Jack Crawford, the poet-scout, was in
this City about two months ago and lectured
before the Young Men s Christian Association.
He went to Los Angeles.
Fitzsimmons and Hall— A. X., City. The
fight between Bob Fitzsimmons and Jim Hall
occurred at the Crescent City Athletic Club,
March 8, 1893. Fitzsimmons won with a right
half-arm upper-cut in four rounds.
NON-COMMISSIONED OFFICERS— P. T. C, City.
Non-commissioned officers are ail below the
rank of second lieutenant, appointed by regi
mental commanders, and include sergeant
major, quartermaster and commissary sergeant
sergeant, corporal and drum-major. '
State .Textbooks— A. R., Alameda, Cal. The
law of this Stale declares that the State Board
of Education shall employ well-qualified per
sons to compile the books provided by the
State, namely, readers, speller, arithmetic
grammar, history of the United States and
geography. The reports of the Investigation re
cently made by the Governor were correct.
Lands in Mexico-F. L., City. There are no
homestead or pre-emption laws in Mexico as
there are in the United States. The public
lands of the country are not surveyed. A per
son desiring to take up land there must first
make a selection and then communicate with
the Minister of Fomento, at the Cityof Mexico.
J%?J lmn of - an(i Ulat can be taken up is about
5000 acres.
Irwin's Nomination*— T., Alameda, Cal.
William Irwin was nominated for the office of
Governor of California June 29, 1875, his op
ponents in the convention being Thomas Find
ley, James A. Johnson, C. T. Ryland and Philip
A. Roach. He was elected September 1, of the
same year, and the i following shows the vote
cast for each gubernatorial candidate: Irwin.
t>1,509; Phelps, 31,322; Birdsall, 29,732, and
Lovett, 356. '
Jack Tots— F. A. C. , City. This correspond
ent asks: A, B, C, and D are playing jack pots'.
After passing it up to aces and better A opens
and the others "stay." After the draw A passes
and the others do likewise. Does the pot re
vert to jack pots or is there a show-down, the
best hand winning, which, in tnis case, hap
pened to be A with two aces? Ans.—
must be a show-down, and as two aces were
high A wins. • .■ '
Executive ' Clemency- A. C, Napa, Cal. Ten
days before the Governor acts upon an appli
cation for pardon, when the application is
made to him, written notice of the intention
to apply for a pardon, signed by the person ap
plying, must be served on the District Attorney
of the county in which the conviction was had,
and there must be proof by affidavit of the
service. Unless dispensed with by the Gover
nor, a copy of the notice must also he pub
lished for thirty days from the first publication
in a paper in the county in which the convic
tion was had. The Governor, when addressed
by letter, should be addressed as "Hon. James
H. Budd, Governor of California, Sir."
State Board of Trade- J. T. E., City. The
officers of the State Board of Trade are: K. P.
Chipman, president; J. S. Emery, first vice
president; L. C. McAfee, second vice-president;
J. A. Filcher, secretary and general manager;
11. M. Larue, treasurer; N. P. Chipman. tt. H.
Mills, B. M. Leloner, S.J. Stabler, J. 8. Emery,
L. C. McAfee, J. A. Morrissey, J. P. Irish and
C. M. tt' coster, directors. The office of the
board is in the Crocker building.
Burned Dcrixg Riots— Alameda, Cal.
During a riot in which anti-Catholics were
prominent the Ursuline Convent in Charles
town, Mass., was attacked and set on fire on the
11th of August, 1834 on theGth of May, 1844,
there was a riot in Philadelphia during which
the female seminary attached to the catholic
church of St. Michael was attacked by a mob
that was not friendly to the church, lne semi
nary as well as the church was destroyed by
fire. / _ ■. „v.
A STATUE OF BURNS.
To-morrow will be the one hundred and
thirty-seventh anniversary of the birth of
Robert Burns. The event will be observed by
the sons of Scotland all over the world. In
Statue of Burns to Be Unveiled at Boston.
Boston a statue designed by a young sculptor,
Robert McNair Cairns, will be unveiled in
Music Hall. The Scotchmen resident in Chi
cago will make the anniversary this year a
conspicuous fete and inaugurate a movement
to raise funds for a monument to be erected to
the memory of the bard.
One week— Gen. eyeglasses, 15c, 40c. 81% 4th,
nr. barber; Sundays,73B Mkt (Kast shoe store).*
-.fecial information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ■
Husband's Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. *,
The Countess Fedora Gleichen, one of Queen
Victoria's mother's German descendants, who
dabbles with sculpture, has been commissioned
by her Majesty to make the bust of the late F.
Clark, John Brown's nephew and successor as
Highland attendant.
What Hood's Sarsaparilla has done for others It
can and will do for you. A fair trial of Hood's Sar
saparilla will convince yon of the entire truth of
the above statement. Take only Hood's.
"Mrs. TVlnslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth
ers for their children while Teething with perfeat
success. It soothes the child, softens tbe gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowelj
and li the beat remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sale by
Druggists In every part of the world. Be sura anl
ask for Airs. Wlnslow'a Soothing iiyrxp. Ma »
bottle. 7 AT-.
CoßOifAßO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 -Sew Montgomery st., Han Francisco.
•— • — •
To bedeck your weight, use Vrettos' Belt.
— ♦ ♦ —
Sir Samuel Lewis, K. C. M. G., the coal-black
negro who was knighted on New Year's day,
is 52 years old. He was educated at Wesley Col
lege, Sheffield, and University College, London,
was admitted to the bar of the Middle Temple
in 1871, and became Chief Justice of Sierra
Leone in 1882. Last year he was chosen as the
first Mayor of the city of Freetown.
NEW TO-DAT.
HAVE YOU
HEARD ABOUT
THE WONDERFUL
NEW REMEDY
THAT SO QUICKLY
RELIEVES AND CURES
SORE THROATS,
HEAD COLDS,
HEAD, FOOT, FACE,
EAR and TOOTH ACHE,
rMITCHELL'S=n
MAGMOTI
1 1 Sold by Druggists at 25c, 50c, $1 j 1
Be Sure and Read the Directions.
Fill a' small teacup with Lotion; when
half evaporated cover and keep for
JEXTiCKNAL USE. When dry add
Lotion to cover the sediment and usa
for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Sprains, all
pains, 'and Sciatic or Astlnnatio
trouble*.
IJ^gAB LV
jan^ special X
lw Friday, Jan. 24th. To-day only.
Ig Child's Silver Gray Un-
II derwear, Spring weight,
LI Fine, worth 25c, short or
/» longsleeyes,! to 8 yrs,lsc.
\f{& Complete lists at your command.
M .. Largest Department Store.
.| Smiths' Cash Store,
»4 414, 416, 418 front st„ S. PiFRIDAY JANUARY 24,1896
AMUSEMENTS.
'at.ifornia Theater— "ln Old Kentucky."
Columbia Theater— "The Ensign." -
Morosco's Opera-House— " a Man Without a
Country."
Tivm_i Opera-house.— "lxion.or, The Man of
the \V heel."
Oi-PHErM.-nijih-Class Vaudeville.
""rover's a i.cA/AB.— "Wolves of .New York."
frncoT Chute*.— at Halght street
ci * block east of the l'ark.
Kay District Track.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By I". S. Si-ear A- Co.— This day (Friday),
Cloaks, Capes and Jackets, at 31 and 33 Sutter
street, at 11 o'clock.
Barrett A Sherwood— To-morrow (Saturday),
Diamonds. Watches, Jewelry, etc., at 9 and 11
Geary street, a: 11 a. M. and 7:30 r. M.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Weather Bureau predicts fair weather for
to-day.
The downtown pool-sellers are too^nupa
new Monte Carlo.
The Corralitos Fruit and Land Company has
failed for $11,800. '
Rudolph Hagen, who kept a saloon in this
City, has failed for $11,590.
The funeral of the late A. Page Brown took
place yesterday at Burlingame.
The Board of Health will enforce the law re
quiring the registration of births.
The winners at the Bay District Yesterday
were: Fijian, New Moon, Rosebud," Hidalgo.
Toano and Hueneme.
The Chinese tailors have combined to form
the 100 Sun Hong Society. It is for mutual
benefit and protection.
The unions of the building trades have de
cided to organize a building trades* council on
the evening of February 6.
The Fish Commissioners will soon place two
kinds of bass, perch and pike or pickerel in
the big rivers ana Clear Lake.
The forty-third annual meetingand installa
tion of officers of the Mercantile Library Asso
ciation was held last evening.
Charles \V. Orr. first mate of the ship John
McDonald, was arrested yesterday on a charge
of cruel treatment of sailors at sea.
The coopers' strike in the Pacific Wooden
Ware and Cooperage Company has been settled
by the restoration of the old rate of wages.
' All the horses in the stables of the Arctic Oil
works, twenty-two in number, have been pois
oned within the past few days. Ten of them
have died and the others are not out of danger.
Judge Morrow yesterday fixed February 12
as the date for the trial of W. E. Price on the
charge of sending obscene literature through
the mails. °
The Madden divorce suit was put off the
calendar by Judge Seaweil yesterday, because
all the parties suddenly left the courtroom be
fore the trial.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animal* discovered a consignment of horribly
mutilated chickens yesterday that were in
tended for food.
Tne case of Harry Morris, tbe accused
County Clerk's deputy, has been placed in the
bands of the Grand Jury, and it will come up
before that body to-day.
The Gold Mining Exchange, at a special
Electing yesterday, called for a mass-meeting
to be held to-morrow in behalf of Hammond
and others Imprisoned in Africa.
The Postoffice Department is investigating
the presence of due newspaper and periodical
stamps In large numbers in the collections of
philatelists throughout the country.
The demurrer of Ambrose Watson to the suit
of Alfred Morgenstern for possession of his
place as clerk of Police Court No. 2 was
argued before Judge Troutt yesterday.
Nobby Clarke obstructed court and counsel
yesterday by refusing to answer questions on
the ground that it would tend to convict him
of a felony. He was not compelled to reply.
During a quarrel in Brenham place, China
town, yesterday afternoon, Jim Schwartz, alias
"Cancan Murphy," slashed John Yockel across
the left groin, and the wound may prove fatal.
The Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors has decided to recommend the declar
ing of Golden Gate avenue to be a public
boulevard, and has an order drawn up to that
effect. «vi,.. •-— ', -.<• -.. I
A. Anderson, a restaurant-keeper, has been
forced into insolvency by his creditors, who
accuse him of transferring his property to pre
vent them from recovering. He owes about
$1000.
Baldwin ft Hammond held a successful auc
tion sale of City real estate yesterday, at which
the Pacific Company's property sold for fair
prices. The total amount realized was
$231,115.
Samuel B. Thompson, the aged newsdealer,
set fire to his clothing at the Receiving Hospi
tal yesterday morning, but it is still believed
that he is simply playing a part, so as to be de
clared insane.
Five recent burglaries were yesterday traced
to George Paul Dcbriss, alias George Paiii, alias
Charles Miller. The man's room was filled
with silverware and other articles, part of
which has been identified.
John Wall, 8 Waller street, while under the
Influence of liquor, was knocked down by a
cable-car last night and sustained a contused
side and possibly internal injuries. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Miss G. Suthon of New Orleans, for seven
years a missionary of the American Episcopal
church in the distant Japanese island of
Hondo, is here on her way home for a vacation.
She was the first European in Hondo.
Special Agent Thomas V. Gendine of the In
terior Department is at the OccidentaL He
has been gathering facts in Los Angeles
County In reference to boundaries of lands In
cluded in the list of Benson land frauds.
The complaint for divorce submitted by Paul
Heinicke against Fanny B. Heinicke for cru
elty and her answer and cross-complaint have
availed nothing, for by stipulation the case
was dismissed yesterday by Judge Slack.
At the mass-meeting held last night at the
Metropolitan Hall resolutions were adopted in
favor of Government ownership and operation
of the Pacific railroads ana Congressman
Maguire was requested to endeavor to bring
this about by introducing a suitable bill in
Congress.
Henry Miller, as surviving partner of the
firm of Miller <__ Lux. has brought suit against
Agro N. Lewis and Tnomas B. Bishop, as
executors of the estate of Miranda W. Lux, to
recover money advanced to the deceased by
the Plaintiff. The amount sued for is
$59,301 75.
A jury has been secured to try Mrs. Jane
Shattuck for the second time for the murder
of Harry Poole. The case will open Monday.
Truly Shattuck has been heard from in Port
land and she is on her way to Montana. It is
probable that her testimony from the former
trial will be read.
Sidney V. Smith filed his answer In the
Marin County Superior Court yesterday to the
allegations of A. XV. Foster, president of the
Donahue Railroad, and others. He denies
every charge made, claims he was justified in
law "and morals in trying to vote his pooled
stock In the road and Drays for an injunction
to prevent Foster from voting it.
The Wallace-Sisson case was before the
Supreme Court yesterday on argument. The
case is a suit by P. incline Wallace and Cora
Hestystein against Joseph H. Sisson, Milo A.
Burke, A. XV. Sisson, Julia Ann Crocker and
Clark W. Crocker, and is to recover $10,000 on
a contract. Judgment was rendered for de
fendants, and the plaintiffs appealed to the
Supreme Court. The case was submitted.
NEW TO-DAT.
FOR BABY'S SKIN
Scalp and Hair
tfps USE
(ML Vjmn
L2L f soap*
■ia tm * i
The most effective skin purifying and beau-
tifying soap in the world, as well as purest
and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
For distressing facial eruptions, pimples, ■
blackheads, irritations of the scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, red, rough hands,
dialings, and simple rashes and blemishes
of childhood, it is absolutely incomparable.
Sold Ihronehont the world. British depot. T. Krxr- •
MET * hons, 1, King Edw»rd-it., London. roTTrft
llsva * liasxt. Coar., Sole i'ropi., Boston, U.S.A. . -__._
HOW THE SCANDAL
WILL BE HEARD
Dr. Brown First and Then
the Story of Miss
Overman.
MRS. DAVIDSON FOLLOWS
The Disappearance of Mrs. Tun
nell Looked After by the
Committee.
THE MINISTER MUCH IMPROVED
Will Not Preach Again, However,
Until the Investigation Is En
tirely Concluded.
Rev. Dr. Brown is declared to be conva
lescent.
"While I have not seen Dr. Brown to
day," said Deacon Dexter, "I learn from
his family that he is greatly improved,
and will unquestionably be on hand when
the committee next convenes. He has
been advised by his physician to take
short walks during the day, and this will
no doubt be beneficial to him.
"The. statement published in a morning
paper to the effect'that the standing com
mittee held a secret conference about the
case after prayer-meeting last night is un
true. "We did meet, but only to transact
routine business, and Dr. Brown's name
was not mentioned."
Dr. Brown has a double.
Tbat there is a man that looks very
much like Dr. Brown seems to admit of
no further doubt. It was stated yester
day that this mysterious person, as elusive
as Elizabeth Jane Baddin, was likely to
cut fn important figure in the case. Dr.
Williams has seen the pastor's double,
and is prepared to affirm that such a char
acter exists.
"Twenty-five yards away," he said, "it
is practically impossible to tell the man
from Dr. Brown. I saw him across Mar
ket street a few days ago, and I exclaimed
to a friend, 'Why, there is Dr. Brown.' As
the man drew nearer, however, I saw my
mistake. He is slightly taller than the
pastor and less stooped, but it would be an
easy matter to mistake one for the other."
It will be recalled that some time ago
Mrs. Gillie, who runs a lodging-house on
Sixth street, near Howard, claimed to have
seen Dr. Brown enter a similar place just
across the way. It has been stated, since
this mysterious double came into exist
ence, that an effort will be made before
the investigating committee to show that
it was this man and not Dr. Brown who
was seen on Sixth street.
The members of the committee decline
to discuss this new phase of the case, say
ing that as yet the}* have no knowledge of
the evidence that is to be introduced.
Rev. Mr. Wikoff has finally decided to
act as a member of the investigating
committee. He addressed a letter to Dr.
Williams to that effect yesterday, asking
to be formally notified of the time and
place of the next meeting.
This practically assures a full meeting of
the committee as originally appointed,
with the exception of Deacon I. H. Morse,
who is still in Boston, looking up the
record of Dr. Brown's alleged blackmailer.
While the final policy of the committee
concerning the order in which the investi
gation is to be conducted has not been
agreed on— fact, eren ' formally dis
cussed — the inquiry, according to a promi
nent member, will be substantially as
given below. "This idea 13 gathered,"
said the gentleman, "from remarks that
have been made at different times by
members during the three informal
meetings. Of course this programme may
be varied some little, but in the main it
will be closely followed.
"First, Dr. Brown will give his version
of the charges that have been brought
against him by Mrs. Davidson and Mrs.
Stockton. The minister has admitted
that he paid Mrs. Stockton $000, but he
will be asked to explain why this was
necessary if he was innocent of all wrong
doing. Dr. Brown will also be asked tne
direct question if he was the cause of Mrs.
Tunnell seeking a temporary hiding-place.
The fact that he sent for her the day fol
lowing the arrest of Mrs. Davidson and
that she remained at his house until
11:30 o'clock that night and then went to
Oakland, and later to Tulare County, in
stead of returning to her lodging-house on
Mission street is all well known to the
committee. Dr. Brown will be asked to
throw light on these matters.
"Miss Overman will then be given an op
portunity to explain not only the un
pleasant manner in which her name has
been coupled with that of Dr. Brown, but
also the charges that have been made
connecting her with several unpleasant
event's which are alleged to have occurred
in Tacoma, Spokane and other northern
cities.".
It is not thought probable by the com
mittee that Miss Overman will attempt to
deny the genuineness of the Tunnell
letters. "It is; barely possible," says one
member, "that she will acknowledge them
as hers, but in explanation will show that
they form a part of a general plot to first
extort money from Dr. Brown and then
bring about his ruin. How the committee
would receive such a confession as this
would depend altogether on the evidence
which she has to support it."*'
When Miss Overman and Dr. Brown
have completed their statements, Mrs.
Davidson will be invited from the branch
County Jail and given an opportunity to
tell what she knows of the affair. Mrs.
Thurston will then be called on and she
will be asked . to tell how and where she
got her information. This, it is thought,
will implicate Mrs. Tunnell again and
necessitate her presence before the com
mittee, if she can be found.
THE MADDEN DIVORCE.
It Came to an Abrupt .Ending Before
Judge Seaweil Yesterday.
The case of Madden against Madden
came to an abrupt termination before
Judge Seaweil yesterday. There was going
to be a default entered in the case of Henry
A. Madden, the defendant, and everything
was prepared for a speedy trial. Judge
Seaweil took his seat on the bench when
just then Walter Gallagher, attorney for
Mrs. Mary Madden, came into the court
room, took the papers in the case from the
table and vanished.
Then Martin Stevens. ". Maddens attor
ney, said" he would go and look for him,'
and then the plain tiff herself left the court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
room in a hurry, and when the case was
called there was no one to answer. The
case was dropped from the calendar.
POLICE COURT CLERKS.
Their Position Under Argument in the
Superior Court.
The case of Alfred Morgenstern against
Ambrose Watson, to secure possession of
the office of clerk to Police Court 2 came
before Judge Troutt yesterday on a de
murrer filed by H. E. Higjiton to Morgen
stern's petition. The demurrer was argued
and submitted.
Mr. Highton contended that the Super
visors had no right to remove a man from
office except for cause and after a hearing.
He stud the Supervisors had power to fill
a vacancy but had not the power to make
one, and upon that ground he demanded
that Morten stern be not allowed to pro
ceed further against his client.
General Dickinson appeared for Morgan*
stern. He argued that the appointing
nower in filling a vacancy under existing
laws had the power to fill it at pleasure,
and the man so appointed could be re
moved when the appointing power saw fit.
He agreed with all Mr. Highton said about
the existing condition of politics, and that
was not a little, but he argued that under
the law in removing Watson and appoint
ing Morgenstern the Supervisors had done
no more than was right.
PAGE BROWN'S FUNERAL
The Last Service Wns Held Yesterday
at the Burlingame Home of
the Architect.
The funeral of A. Page Brown took place
yesterday at the architect's home at Bur
lingame. The services, which were con
ducted by Rev. Mr. Cowie, pastor of the
Episcopal church at San Mateo, began
after the arrival of the 10:40 train from
this City. Upon the conclusion of the
rites the body was placed on a funeral
train and brought to the Valencia-street
station, from where it wait taken to Laurel
Hill Cemetery and placed in a vault, to re
main until removed to New York.
The following acted as pallbearers: Wil
liam H. Crocker, J. B. Casserly, J. D. Phe
ian, John J. Mahoney, Frank J. Symmes,
George H. Ripley, W. H. Howard and F.
S. Van Trees. ** V.v .
CAPTAIN HEALY ON TRIAL.
Three Witnesses for the Prosecu-
tion Heard by the Court
of Inquiry.
Officers Assert That No Conspiracy
Exists to Down the Accused
Captain.
The court of inquiry appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury to investigate
the charges against Captain Healy of the
Bear convened at the Appraisers' building
at 10 o'clock a. si. yesterday and adjourned
at 4p. m. Twenty officers in undress uni
form awaited the pleasure of the court.
They had been called as witnesses lor the
prosecution, mainly.
The court is conducted with closed
doors, and the greatest secrecy is enjoined
on members of the court, counsel and wit
nesses. The . first business in hand
yesterday was to consider the objections
raised by counsel for Captain Healy that
the charges were not sufficiently set forth.
The court overruled the objections and de
cided to proceed to the examination of
witnesses.
The first witness called was Engineer
Jones of the Grant. He was followed on
the witness-sta-nd by Lieutenant Daniels
and Lieutenant Emery of the Bear. As
witnesses for the prosecution they adhered
to the charges promulgated, but it is not
known to wnat extent the cross-examina
tion weakened the force of direct testi
mony. It was the outside opinion of of
ficers generally that the force of direct
testimony could not be broken. The
theory that a conspiracy exists among the
officers to deprive Captain Healy of his
command and drive him from the service
is vigorously combated.
One officer remarked to a reporter:
"Look there at that group of a dozen offi
cers. Do they look like men who would
conspire against an old officer to bring
him into trouble? No ; they are honora
ble, upright men, who have at heart the
good of the service, and in this affair many
of tfiem have been misrepresented and
maligned. One officer, against whom
charges were preferred by the crew, was
the subject of inquiry and acquitted. It
was alleged and so published that he
was drunk for three days, but when the
inquiry established the fact that he was
sober and on duty and he was acquitted
and vindicated, only a line or two an
nounced the result."
Many of the officers present are from the
Grant, Corwin, Rush and Bern*. These
vessels were in Bering Sea last summer
when the Bear was in the Arctic, and all
are familiar, more or less, with the occur
rences of the summer cruise.
The cutters now in the Pacific service
are commanded as follows: Bear, Captain
Buhner; Grant, Captain Tozier ; Perry,
Captain H. D. Smith; Corwin, CaiMain
Munger; Wolcott, Captain Phillips; and
Rush, Captain Wadsworth.
The present court of inquiry is of special
interest to the officers of the fleet, because
it is the first one on the Pacific Coast to be
conducted according to the new regula
tions of the Treasury Department, which
went into effect two years ago. The regu
lations prescribe the form of hearing and
allow the accused to be represented by
counsel, who may cross-examine the wit
nesses for the prosecution and introduce
evidence in rebuttal. Civilians may be
called as witnesses, but they cannot be
compelled by any process of the court
to testify, and evidence so given by re
quest must be considered. An officer re
fusing to testify when called as a witness
may be punished by revocation of his com
mission.
At 4. o'clock, with due formality, the
court announced its adjournment until 10
a. m. to-day. Thereupon the officers in
waiting donned the attire of ordinary mor
tals and vanished.
A Surprise to Everybody.
What surprised the public most in con
nection with the Oakland Poultry 7 Show
was the fact that ex-Mayor Pierce, who
raises poulty, not as a business but as one
of his pastimes, should carry off the
honors and have his birds pronounced by
the most competent judges— such men as
L. K. Felch of Massachusetts— the best
collection in the world. Especial reference
was made to the buff leghorns, a com
paratively new breed in this country. The
following was the list of prizes won'bv Mr.
Pierce: For buff leghorn pullets, "first,
second and third prizes; hens, lirst and
third; breeding pen, first; best ten buff
leghorns, first; special silver cup for best
cockerel; gold medal for best ten birds;
cold medal for best breeding pen. This
makes four out of five possible first prizes
and every special for which he competed.
A Forty-Third Anniversary.
Next Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
auditorium of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, Mason and Ellis streets, the forty
third anniversary of the institution will be ob
served. Several of the City pastors will parti
cipate. The anniversary address will be de
livered by Rev. Bishop D. A. Goodscll of the
Methodist Church. The Knickerbocker quar
tet will sing, andthere will be orchestral
music to assist in the sacred song service pre
ceding the anniversary exercises. The ser
vice will be free to men and women, and the
public is Invited to attend. J. J. Valentine,
president of the association, will preside.
Presidio Guard Mounts.
There will be a guard mount, with concert,
at the J Presidio every day, including Sunday,
until further notice, beginning at 1 o'clock
each day.
TO HONOR ADAM SMITH
Red Men's Hall Is to Be Adorned
With a Heroic Bust in
Bronze.
JUST ARRIVED FROM MUNICH;
A Work 'of Art That Has Been
Modeled by Rupert
Schmid.
The entrance hall of the Red Men's j
building, on Post street, facing Union j
square, is about to be handsomely deco- I
rated in mahogany and adorned with a '
heroic bronze bust of Adam Smith, who
was the first great sachem of the Great
Council of California.
The bust, which was modeled by Rupert
Schmid, arrived a few days ago from
Munich, where the sculptor left it to be
cast during his recent visit to Eurone. The
order was given him soon after Adam
Smith's death, which occurred over a year
ago. The work of art has been pronounced
an excellent likeness by friends of the man
RUPERT SCHMID'S BUST OF ADAM SMITH.
". [Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
■
who is regarded as the father of the Im
proved Order of Red Men in this State.
From 1870, when the plans for the build
ing on Post street were accepted, till the
time of his death, Adam Smith was presi
dent of the association and all the mem
bers looked upon him as a personal friend.
A little over a year ago, when he died, a
movement was at once started for per
petuating his memory. At first a monu
ment was thought of, but finally it was
decided that the best way to honor him
was to place his bust in the building over
which he had so long presided.
A committee of over fifty members,
which had been appointed from all the
tribes in the City and a few interior tribes,
having resolved that the memorial should
take the form of a bust, appointed the fol
lowing sub-committee to carry out the de
tails of the work: Dr. B. P. Josslyn, A.
Jackson, F. Brandt and H. S. Winn. The
latter gentleman, who was chosen presi
dent of the committee, assisted by Dr.
Josslyn and A. Jackson, assisted the
sculptor by advice and suggestions in ob
taining a good likeness, as Rupert Schmid
had never seen Adam Smith and had to
depend upon a photograph and the criti
cisms of friends of the late great sachem.
It is expected that the unveiling of the
bust will take place in about two weeks.
It will be placed at the end of the hall,
facing the entrance and close to the main
staircase. The wall behind the bust will
be paneled almost up to the ceiling with
polished mahogany. Over this will be a
mahogany arch, and in the niche the
bronze bust will be placed. The eyes will
be at a height of eight feet from the
ground, and to raise it to this elevation the
bronze bust will stand upon a shaft of dark
tinted veined marbie. The end of the hall
will be ornamented in unison with the
artistic commemorative design.
Elaborate ceremonies will be performed
at the unveiling, and it is expected not
only that the proceedings will be public
but that invitations will be extended to as
many visitors as the building is capable of
accommodating. -*•-,,-
STAMP INVESTIGATION.
Tho Postoffice Department -Exercised
Over the Presence of ••Duos" and
'•Periodicals" In Collections.
The Postoffice Department is much ex
ercised just at present over the large num
ber of due newspaper and periodical
stamps that have been discovered in the
collections of philatelists throughout the
country, and an investigation has been set
on foot to learn where the leak is and the
extent of the traffic in stamps. These
stamps are issued by the Postoffice De
partment to Postmasters only, and 'their
sale to the public is absolutely prohibited..
Therefore, their existence in the hands of
others than Postmasters can only be ac
counted for in an irregular way.
One thing that the department would
particularly like to know is how the com
plete unused sets of periodical stamps, not
only of the former issues but of tho pres
ent, are so common abroad. That a few
scattered ones should find their way into
the hands of collectors is not considered
strange, but it is a well-known fact among
the dealers of Paris and London that sets
can be obtained with the greatest ease, and
the source from which these come is what
the department is looking for.
It . has been learned that a Parisian
dealer recently, purchased three sets of
periodicals from an attache of a "Washing-'
ington legation, and from this" fact it is
believed that the leak is in the National
capital. ' " p
.'.-The fact 7 that these stamps are very
scarce among the smaller collections, of
which there are thousands throughout the
country, has made them valuable, the
price often being live, and even ten, times
the face value, and it is believed that some
Government employe has been feathering
his nest by selling them- at a premium to
dealers, who have in their turn made
handsome profits out of the collectors.
A- collector in this City, when asked
where he got some fine unused specimens
in his possession, stated that it was an
easy matter to obtain them if care was
taken to watch the appointments of new
Postmasters in country towns.
"As a general thing," he said, "all you
have to do is to go to a new country Post
master, who seldom has read the regula
tions and knows little of his duties, and
plank down your money with a demand
for the stamps. He usually gives them
up without a murmur. Then, of course,
the dealers have plenty of them, obtained
nobody knows how."
MUST REGISTER BIRTHS.
The Board of Health Will -Enforce the
State Law More Strictly Here
after. .
The poor showing made by San Fran
cisco in the comparative statement of the
births and deaths in the principal cities of
the United States compiled recently by
the Board of Health has led the health
officers to take strong measures to compel
physicians and mid wives to register births
according to law. The statutes provide
for the registration with , a penalty as
follows:
Section 2. Any person violating any of the
provisions of this order shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and be punished by a fine
not exceeding $100, or imprisonment not ex
ceeding ninety days, or by both such fine and
imprisonment.
According to Secretary Godchaux of the
board, it is due entirely to the carelessness
of physicians and niidwives in failing to
comply with the law that the death rate
of this City is so large compared with the
number of registered births.
In the future the law will be more
strictly enforced, and those who persist in
disregarding its provisions will be brought
before the courts to explain their derelic
tion. y.-y-:p-:--'-y-4y/. L "-
WORK WILL NOW BEGIN
Contracts for the Construction of
the New Ferry Depot
Signed.
Bateman Bros. Ordered to Begin Work
at Once and Make a Test
Case of It.
The Harbor Commissioners had a very
quiet session yesterday, and came to an
amicable settlement with all the contrac
tors save two. These were theßisdon Iron
Works and William Cronan, the former
being the lowest bidder for the ironwork
and the latter for the roofing. The direc
tors of the iron works are afraid that
freights will take a jump to-day, and that
as considerable of their material will have
to come from the East, they will lose
money. They want to be sure how the
railroad companies are going to treat
them before they enter into the contract.
Cronan is in the same box in regard to the
roofing, and he also asked for a delay of
twenty-four hours. f.*7.
Bateman Bros., who are to do the car
pentering, plastering and glazing, were
the first to file their bond. It is in the
sum of $'.'4,000, and C.S.Holmes and C.
Hanson "are the sureties. The firm was
instructed to begin work at once, and their
first bill will be the subject of a test case
to the Supreme Court. 'ypzzAyPppy
James Duffy, who has the contract for
the plumbing and gas-fitting, gave a bond
for $5500, with the American Surety Com
pany on his bond. George J. Smith <fc Co.,
$6500, painting,, had John and James
Tread well as sureties, while C. F. Mc-
Carthy. & Co. (the Pacific Bridge Com
pany), who are to do the stone and ma
sonry work, gave a bond in the sura of
$115,000, with R. W. Gorrill and A. M.
Simpson as sureties. The work on the
building will now begin at once and will
be pushed ahead. ~ ';_'„..
During the recent storm the steam
schooner Point Arena ran into Mission
street wharf and damaged it to the extent
of $51 60. It was decided to send a bill to
the owners for the amount.
The bill of $25 20 which had been charged
to W. It. Larzelere & Co. for the wharfage
on potatoes stored on Jackson-street
wharf, the Commissioners decided not to
rebate. As Larzelere has squared his
accounts 'with the farmers he wiil be the
amount of the wharfage out of pocket.
McNab & Smith again sought to recover
$60 for d-.n_.a__e done to one of their trucks
by an engine on the belt road running into
it. McNab's foreman insisted that the en
gineer to blame and the foreman of
the State's freight depot was equally con
fident that it was the driver of the truck
who was in fault. As the State had no
lights on the crossing and no brakeman on
the end of the freight train it was decided
to take the advice of the board's attorney
before doing anything in the matter. '■•:.'
Destroyed Infected Plants.
Every steamer and ship arriving from for
eign ports is closely watched by Quarantine
Officer Craw of the State Board of Horticulture
to see that no insect pests ' are brought into
this State. On the Peru that recently arrived
from Japan' were some shrubs for Golden
Gate Park. These were tound to be infested
with scale pests new to this State. These pests
are scientifically called mytilaspis and oaria
toria. Tho tent caterpillar's eggs . were also
found In some of the shrubs, all of which were
destroyed.*' ln a recent consignment of Kuava
plants from Mexico scale pests were discov
ered and tho plants were destroyed.-
SEVEN YEARS AND A HERO
A Romance of Natoma Street
and the Children's
Hospital.
FLAYED FOR A BABY SISTER.
Little Elnor Moore, a Black • Eyed
Rogue, Bravely Beats the Skin.
Grafting Record.
The Children's Hospital away out on
California street has woven as beautiful a
little story of childish heroism and nobility
as ever charmed a human ear or bettered
a human heart.
The hero is little Elnor Moore, aged 7
years, who lies in one of the snowy cots in
one of the clean white wards out there,
because he volunteered to let the doctors
cut great strips of skin eight inches in
length from down the front of both his
vigorous little legs, that his baby sister,
who was terribly scalded a few weeks ago,
might stop crying at the pain of her
almost hopeless wounds and not be a
cripple for life.
It's down on Natoma street between
Sixth and Seventh that the Moores live.
Since nine years ago four children have
come to Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Moore.
Next to tbe oldest is Elnor, and next to
the youngest is Josie, who will be 4 years
old in May.
Josie is the thin, wan, wasted little
thing that now lies in one position week
after week in the hospital, wearily crying
when her wounds are dressed, and often
between times. Three months ago she
was a chubby baby, nearly as tall and as
heavy as her 9-year-old sister, and as full
of gay romping as any baby.
Ten weeks ago she was suddenly taken
ill. There was the usual excitement. The
baby was put in a little bathtub, but some
body, in the excitement, picked up the
wrong kettle and pouted boiling water over
the child. Its side and a portion of the
back, including one leg, were terribly
scalded. For two or three weeks a doctor
attended the case at the home, but the
burns healed slowly and other complica
tions set in, including symptoms of pneu
monia. The doctor pronounced the case
hopeless unless it was taken to the Chil
dren's Hospital, and a few weeks ago little
Josie went there, with small prospect of
reaching her fourth birthday.
A large portion of the scalded surface
refused to heal.
Skin grafting was the only remedy, but
the baby was so sick otherwise that it
could not be safely resorted to until ten
days ago.
The mother, who walked out to see her
baby on visitors' days, was told that some
body would have to be found to supply
the needed skin, and she offered herself,
but she was told that it should be a
younger person. They wore talking about
it at home without any thought of the
children there when Elnor said:
"Why, mamma, they can have me. I
aint afraid."
The boy is a black-eyed little fellow
with a roguish style, and at school, at
home a. id among the neighbors he is ever
lastingly getting into trouble. He
often makes the women scowl with
despairing impatience., and he has to
endure being called a "holy terror" some
times—but he went out to the Children's
Hospital ten days ago.
He eagerly went in to see his little sister,
who brightened up a bit, and then they
took him away, kept him out of mischief
for a day and gave him three baths. The
operation was performed a week ago yes
terday. One of the nurses picked upthe
frail little sufferer from her cot and car
ried her into an operating-room and laid
her down on a leather-covered operating
table, with queer cranks and things about it.
Then little Elnor came in and they un
dressed him and fixed him on another
operating- The mother was not al
lowed to be present.
But Elnor Moore was manly, serious
and obedient, and there was not a hesita
tion or a whimper. They were honest
with him, and explained just how big
would be the patches of skin they would
cut from his legs, and he understood what
it was for, and that he would not know
what was going on after he breathed some
thing that smelt funny, and if he had
wanted to back out at the last moment he
could have done so.
The nurse that had been taking care of
little Jessie for weeks stayed in the ward.
They told the boy hero that if he would
just shut his eyes and breathe through
the sponge he would go to sleep and sleep
until it was all over, and he composedly
shut his eyes and resigned himself" to the
sacrifice for the little sister near his side,
When the operation was over they had
deftly shaved from the front of the boy's
legs several strips of skin one inch wide
and eight inches long, and when the boy
woke up he was a patient himself and he
lay on his back, with bandages and sooth
ing preparations where the knife had
been. The baby girl was a long time re
covering consciousness, but several hours
later she opened her eyes feebly.
She faced her brother as she lay, and
she seemed pleased and quieted at'seeing
him so near.
Little Elnor was delighted at the report
that everything was all right and that bis
sister would get well now. Two or three
days ago he heard that, it was possible that
a little more skin might be needed for his
sister's wound and he promptly said that
if they wanted more he would go through
it again. Ap/A.
The doctors who know all about the case
say that little Josie will get well and that
she will be able to walk before a great
many weeks.
Elnor is so nearly well that it is hard to
keep him in his cot now ana he expects to
go home on Sunday. His legs don't hurt
him now and he is a trifle irrepressible in
his anxiety to get a little fun out of his
ward while staying at the hospital.
DEATH OF MRS. DEMING.
The Wife of H. V. Doming Dies In Paris
From the Effects of Roman
-Fever.
The news of the death of Mrs. Mary
Deming in Paris has been received in this
City from Halleck V. Deming by his
brothers, : Joseph G. and Horace A., the
well-known proprietors of the Deming
Palmer Flour Mills in this City. .
H. V. Deming, accompanied by his wife,
two children, a boy and girl, and sister-in
law. Miss Nellie Brown, left this City last
April with the intention of making an ex
tended tour, throußh Europe. The party
had traveled through England, Ireland
and Scotland, thence taking in France,
Germany, Switzerland and other favorite
localities before starting for Italy. The
latter place was reached in the middle of
December, and a halt was made in Genoa
to permit the winter months to pass be
fore embarking for the Nile. Here Mrs.
Deming contracted what is known as the
Roman fever. The best physicians to be
had were called in. Her husband at once
hastened to Paris. A brief ■ dispatch an
nouncing the death of the lady on the Bth
of this month is all the information the
relatives here have yet had.
Schafer Is Held.
; J. A. Schafer. the aged saloon-keeper, who
shot his wife three times on the night of
November 27 at 1221 Larkin street, was yester
day held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Joachimsen in $2000 . bonds. . Mrs.
Schafer, although badly wounded, recovered,
but she - positively refused to prosecute - her
husband. Despite;, her refusal, Prosecuting
Attorney Dare succeeded in getting a sufficient
number of facts before the court to hold the
prisoner. :*■: . -'-."*• :- :
DUFFTSPURE :
-M M& IS -^
NO FUSEL OIL
The best preparation for COLDS
and CHILLS.
There is nothing like it for
arousing to action the torpid blood
and thus preventing pneumonia.
Sold by druggists and grocers.
Send for pamphlet to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
i
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
fAEMNfiK
%p THEATRE t *•»"*•
JOYOUS RETURN
JAMMED IN | TO-NIGHT
ONCE OLD I Mim Sat>da ?
MORE! KENTUCKY!
The Pickaninny I The Glorious
BRASS RAND I HORSE RACE
SEATS NOW ON SALE
For Second and .Last Week
"m OLD KENTUCKY!''
rRICIIAriOtR.«)TTLOB ft erwati am rvuuouu • • •
1245 I TURNED
PEOPLE | AWAY
LAST NIGHT!
"THE £_3NTSIG]Nr"
BY THK
FR AWLEYJCOM PAN Y !
Next Monday-"ME>. AND WOMEN!"
First Production by the _"r__wley Company.
%/lWetiA
4< . ALCAZAR
COMPLETE AND OVERWHELMING.
TRIUMPH OP
THE WOLVES
OF NEW YORK !
ROOF-TCAISING APPLAUSE!
VEST-SPLITTING MEKRIMENT!
SOUL-SOFTENING SYMPATHY!
Night Prices— lOc. 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
Monday— "A CANTING SCOUNDREL."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. i-.__.N -Lai __*;__ Keei.ind Proprietor & Manage:
EVERY EVENING -lv
THIRD EDITION THIRD EDITION
Of the Beautiful spectacle, ■'*'.
"IXION!" "IXION!"
Or, THE MAN OF THE WHEEL.
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES!
NEW SPECIALTIES!—
NEW LOCALISMS!
IN PREPARATION
'THE GENTLE SAVAGE
A New American Opera in Three Acta.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Ilandsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Pole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production in San Francisco of James Has-
Kins' Great Melodrama,
"A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY !"
A Story of Louisiana During
the Civil War.
Evxkiko Prick,-— 250 and 500.
Family Clrcie and Galierr. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton anl Powell.
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF—
OUR BRILLIANT NEW COMPANY !
3 — tstxitjv ss«i»u3-.:fls» : — ©
RACHEL WALKER,
Tho Creole Nightingale— the Musical Sensation
of the City.
SISTERS DE VAN,
SISTERS DE WITT, Etc.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera chairs
and Box seats. 50c.
RACINGI RACING! RACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday; Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races art at 2 :00 p. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the sate.
R. R. MILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., ,
Secretary. President.
NOW THAT THE SUN SHINES
Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS
Children (including Merry-Go- Round Ride), 10c.
A NICHT _WP BURNS.
One hundred and thirty-seventh Burns Anni-
versary Social, given by the St. Andrew's Socletv,
San Francisco, FRIDAY EVENING, January 24,
at Scottish Hail. Admission 25c.
HEALTH RESORTS.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
Is under, strictly regular management; a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure,
' massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move-
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that is 'ncluded in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water,
even temperature and restful scenery may be
obtained.
Terms: Room, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to ?20 psr week.
Send for circular: St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Napa County, Cal.
• Trains leave San Francisco,' foot of Market St.,
r.t 7a. x. and 4 p. it., via Vallejo Junction, reach
ing St. Helena at 10:15 a. it. and 7:08 p. x.
78
BOWMAN WRITES
AGAINST ROME.
From the Standpoint of the
American Protective
Association.
"ROME A NATIONAL FOE."
Further Comparisons Between
the Pilgrims and Monte
zuma's Conquerors.
REV. YORKE TO J. S. HITTELL.
The Priest Replies to the Historian.
Regarding the Authenticity of
Quotations.
W. H. Bowman, editor of the American
Patriot, submits the following* communi
cation to the religious controver sy :
Office of the axeiucan Patriot, (
8 19 Market .street. J
To the Editor of the San FuatciSCO -Call— Dear.
Sir: There is no use disguising the> fact that
Romanism is our National foe. Priest Pnelan
says; "1 frankly confess that the Catholics
stand before the country as the enemies of the
public schools." An enemy of free education
is an enemy of the Nation. lie is a base
traitor and an unsafe citizen. He who would
undermine our school system has not the wel
fare of the country at heart.
Education is Indispensable in a republican
form of government. Ignorance and Roman
ism go hand in hand. They flourish in loving
compact. Romanism can no more exist In
the light than can darkness. The golaen age
of Romanism was the dark age of history.
And the zenith of her power was in the dark
est age of the dark ages. Like the owls that
screech and hoot in the darkness, against the
light, the Papal priests cry out against real ed
ucationthe enlightenment of our public
school system. When Rome claims the rigot
to ignore the teaching of children in the Eng
lish language— and thus insulating them from
our American press, platform and pulpit— and
allowing those who are to become our future
citizens and voters to grow up in ignorance of
the great principles of Americanism she vio
lates both the written and unwritten law of
our country which requires all our citizens to
be loyal Americans.
Americans, remember this: In encouraging
the Papacy in its educational policy the Roman
Catholic youth of the Nation are subjected to
the heartless tyranny of superstition and
trained in disloyalty. The Papal expectation
Is that Romish education will raise up a gener
ation that shall he ready for revolution
against all rights, civil, social and personal, to
be found resisting the supremacy of Rome.
Rome is the foe of civilization. Romanism
blocks the wheels of civilization, muzzles the
press, gags the mouth of free speech, obstructs
the free circulation of the Bible, seeks to pre
vent all systematic provision for general edu
cation, and keeps her masses in darkness and
superstition. The fact that so many nations
have dated their social and political decline in
the scale of civilization and moral grandeur
from the maintenance of Romish error and the
dissemination of Papal principles ought to be
a warning to America. It would be a case of
political suicide to allow it to gain the ascend
ency here.
Modern civilization must consent to abandon
the career oi advancement which has given it
so much power and happiness, or meet Roman
ism 1:1 a conflict tor supremacy. To Romanize
America would be to ruin America. It would
be to telescoDe the nineteenth century into the
tenth. Its civilization would be modeled after
the semi-barbarism, the ignorance aud super
stition of the middle ages.
Shame on the cringing coward who would
submit to the dictation of a power which
blocked the wheels of progress in Europe for
many centuries, by ferociously suppressing by
the stake and sword every new thought, every
progressive idea, and every reformatory utter
ance! The old humbug of the Tiber claims
divine authority, yet can present no adequate
credentials of his office.
For years Rome has been using all of her gi
gantic machinery as a brake on the heels of
modern progress. She would handicap sci
ence, blindfold reason and benumb conscience.
Shall we ahow her to banish public education,
put a stop to the reading of the Bible, and to
muzzle the press? To control all the agencies
of civilization is her chief ambition. Home is
the foe of civil liberty, hence a menace to our
Republic. Civil liberty takes the individual
out from under the control of the priest and
the Pope. It grants the right of private judg
ment to all. But Kome cannot tolerate such a
privilege. To do so would ruin her whole
system. The temporal power of the Pope is in
compatible with republican liberty. Kome
has strangled freedom at its birth when she
could and murdered it wherever she has had
the opportunity. There can be no civil free
dom without meutal freedom, and the dogmas
of Rome make her devotees mental slaves. The
confessional-box is the sepuicher of liberty.
The slave of the Vatican is not a free man.
Kome is the foe of civic virtue. Romanism
Is ecclesiastical anarchism. .She opposes all
moral reforms. She never advocates the pur
ity of the ballot, the necessity of clean politics.
Her very sytem of political intrigue and
Jesuitical plotting makes her the friend of po
litical immorality and the foe of good citizen
ship. She uses the saloon as her ally in gain
ing power. Hence when you fight Kome you
fight rum. and when you fight rum you light
Rome. They are Siamese twins of evil. Rome
is a crafty foe. She curses in secret and blesses
in public. She hurls her anathemas from her
altars at heretics, but behaves like a weaned
child before her critics. When weak she is
tolerant; when strong she" is tyrannical. She
persuades as- a friend before she curses as a
toe. She deludes or devours. She professes
friendship, while an enemy at heart. She
plots in secret and smiles in public.
Rome Is loud }n her professions of loyalty,
and yet seeks to train our future citizens in
ignorance a.id disloyalty. With satanic cun
ning and educated hypocrisy her minions
cover up their abominable work and seek to
divert attention and allay suspicion. They '
will accept toleration when they cannot get
more. They will claim equality where it is
possible, and assert supremacy where they
dare. Rome will betray with a Judas kiss.
Like Joab she will give the friendly greeting
and then plunge her dagger into the heart of
liberty. Friendship is only a mask, and reli
gion a cloak to cover up her base designs. • Her
history has been one long catalogue of in
triguing and plotting, of craity tricks and cun
ning schemes. • It is an act of folly to trust her
pretensions of friendship for our country.
Rome is a dishonest foe. There is honor
among thieves, but none in Romanism. They
are ruled by policy instead of principle.
Truth is a stranger to the whole system. It is
a system of deception. It is founded on false
hood and reared by fraud. It is an arsenal of
lies. Lying explanations given to God's word,
dishonest reports about men who have leit her
filthy embrace, incredulous miracles and lying
legends— such as men sailing in the air and
picking up their heads after they were decapi
tated and carrying them under their arms—
with all the fraud and swindle of purgatory
and transsubstantiation, all prove that Rome
should have the belt as champion prevari
cator. By the doctrine of mental reservation,
•which justifies the lie on the lip by the truth
in the intellect, she stands condemned as dis
honest before the world.
Romish priests pose as the friends of educa
tion; but they mean education in Romish doc
trines by Romish instructors. It is the ability
to repeat tne catechism and say Aye Marias
and Hail Marys that they consider a true edu
cation. IV hen a Papal prelate waxes eloquent
over "freedom of conscience," "he is speak
ing of the 'right to embrace, profess and prac
tice the Catholic religion.*" "Chastity,' in a
bishop, priest or nun, means the license of lust
under the guise of celibate abstinence. To
"tell lies for the glory of God" is what they re
gard as speaking the truth. To steal for the
benefit of the church is pure honesty and
Faintly virtue. In fact, lying is a fine art and
dishonesty a science in the Romish church
Priestly justification for lying is an indisputa
ble fact. Romanism may have some truth
about it, but it is madness to put a viper in
your bosom because of its gay coat.
Rome is now trying to hide her dark history
by fraudulent and dishonest methods. She'
has established a censorship over the press to
conceal facts. She has forced publishers to
alter the truths of history, to garble diction
ary definitions, remodel articles in cyclo
pedias and lessons In scboolbooks under threat
of the dreaded boycott. Some one may ask the
question, What has their dishonesty got to do
with their citizenship? Just this much: The
privileges of citizenship carry with them the
duties of the citizen. But Romanists are un
able to render the duties they owe to the Gov
ernment. The Romish priesthood, whose theo
logical training consists in learning the art of
falsehood and deception, teach them that they
may perjure themselves for the glory of God,
and that their duty to the Pope severs their
obligation to the President. Under such in
struction it Is no Bin to be a tractor to' their
country. At a banquet in Wasnington the
toast "The Pope!' came first on the programme
and tnat of "Our President" second.
Rome Is a sleepless foe. She is wideawake to
her interests. She watches her chances. While
Uncle Sam slept she wound the threads of ec
clesiastical despotism around him, like the
Liliputians did to Gulliver of old. Rome keeps
her eve open and watches current events.
She keeps her linger on Uncle Sam's pulse so as
to be aware of any symptom of patriotic fever.
Her priestly buzzards feed on political carrion.
They swoop down on cities that revel in politi
cal tilth. Rome watches with unceasing vigi
lance the bills that are introduced in Congress.
No legislation inimical to her interests can
pass if she can help it. very measure to aid
• her she pushes to the front. She is constantly
working to increase her power. To meet her
we must wake up. We must be as vigilant in
the interests of America as she is of Rome.
Rome is an unreasoning foe. She is In
trenched in ignorance. If we could meet and
calmly discuss the merits of the question with
our Romanist citizens, and they had the priv
ilege to abide by the dictates of reason and
common-sense, it would soon be decided in
our favor. But they are not allowed to use
their reason. The use of reason is religious
treason with them. It is the fact of the ig
norance of the great mass of Papists that
makes them so formidable. Stones would
answer argument, bullets discount logic and
truth be silenced by brute force. In the broad
arena of thought Rome would stand no chance
to win.' To reason with a Papal mob is casting
pearl before swine. It is their ignorance that
■makes them foes. Give them a chance to
think for themselves aud they would cease to
be the dupes of priests.
Rome is an impudent foe. The brazen au
dacity and superlative impudence of Romanism
stagger belief. Fraudulent claims, assumed
power and unjustifiable encroachments on
other's rights stamp Romanism as the incarna
tion of impudence. For hypocritical preten
sions it cannot be beaten. Priestly bluster it
can always muster. For depth of gall the Pope
beats them all.
We intend calling attention to some of the
malicious and audacious utterances of Ro
manists concerning America's best people.
The Catholic Sentinel of Philadelphia, com
menting some years since upon the sermon of
Mr. MeCalla, an eminent Presbyterian minis
ter, who eulogized New England, thus reflected
upon that great people:
-'Their minds are warped by fanaticism,
darkness and bigotry, and vitiated by the
abhorred and atrocious principles inculcated
by the vice of sanguinary wretches called the
Pilgrim Fathers."
When we consider the fact that the Roman
ists who first settled in America drenched its
soil in Mood, we can gather a faint idea of such
an Impudent assertion. The Pilgrim Fathers
sought this land that they might have "the free
dom to worship God," while Rome colonized
for weaLth and plunder. Mexico settled by
Romanists land of sunshine and flowers, of
rich mines and tropical beauty — cursed and
blighted. While the bleak, barren and sterile
coasts of New England, colonized by Puritans,
has molded the destiny of the United States and
produced men whose names adorn history's
scrol' . New England, overrun by foreign im
migrants, -while Mexico has to offer $50 a head,
and not get hardly any.
Take the vile slanders relative to our public
.school system,. such as that they are "pits of
corruption," "nurseries of hell," "and have
' produced nothing but a godless generation of
thieves and blackguards." Considering the
fact that the largest per cent of our criminal
classes are Romanists the papal gall is at once
manifest in the utterance of such a slanderous
charge against the public school system. If
our schools nursed Romanism they would have
told the truth when charging them with being
the "nurseries of hell," but seeing they do not
we brand the statement as a falsehood.
The Pilot, a Romish sheet printed in Boston,
calls the Americans "common liars, detainers
and vagabonds." Charity might suggest that
it was giving a pen picture or" the members of
its own communion, but as the word Ameri
can is used to denote the native Protestant
element we will have to let the charge stand
as written. Impudence is part 01 a- priest's
stock in trade. Without it he would be lost.
The superlative height of impudence is
reached in claiming absolute power in earth,
heaven and hell for the Pope. Such an absurd
idea can only be maintained by the audacious
assumptions and the Jesuitical conniving of
men whose brazen cheek would shame a Gov
ernment mule. 11. W. Bowman.
FATHER YORKE ON HITTELL.
Concerning: Some of Those Quota
tions Made by Dr. Wendte From
the Historian.
Father Yorke contributes the following
brief letter in answer to Mr. Hittell, the
historian :
January 23, 1896.
To the Editor of The Call— Dsab Sir: Mr. John
P. Hittell evidently cultivates a grateful spirit.
He wrote this morning:
I than-. Father Yorice for proving that I com
mitted forgery by quoting Doeliiuger correctly, by
understanding Doeliinger to hold Aquinas respon
sible lor the Linus written by his partner In a book
which the two composed conjointly, ami by bri fly
and indirectly asserting that responsibility, which
I supposed 1 could assert safely since the idea is
one implied in many passages of the writings of
Aquinas.
For the benefit of those of your readers who
may have no memory for dates permit me to
remark.
Thomas Aquinas died on March 7.
1274.
Second— ln the place quoted by Hittell Doel
iinger says that Tolomeo did not' begin to write
until after 1298.
Third— he could have "composed con
jointly" with a man who had been dead a
quarter of a century Mr. Hittell does not ex
plain.
And this is the accurate, fair, judicial, "Prot
estant scholarship" to which Dr. Wendte pins
his faith. Did 1 say too much when I de
nominated John S. Hittell, historian, as the
greatest humbug of this or any other age?
Yours truly, P. C. Yokke.
A TRIUMPH OVER ART
Lithographer Bosqui Walks
Away With a Prize Offered
to Painters.
Result of the Competition Over the
Design for a Mardi Gras Invi
tation Ticket.
Lithography has triumphed over art,
and the knights of the brush are pretty
much stirred up over it.
Had it not been for the generosity* of the
Art Association it might never have hap-
pened; but the glad hand went forth only
to be grabbed by the man who engages in
the occupation of lithographing designs as
well as creating them.
The whole affair began by the Art Asso
ciation offering a prize of. $20 to the artist
who would make the best design for an in
vitation ticket to the mardi-gras ball to be
given at the Hopkins mansion on Califor
nia street in the near future..
The artists who were invited to submit
designs, of, rather, who were • expected to
offer something, were Arthur Mathews, J.
A. Stanton, Amadee Joullin, Emile Pissis,
Ernest Peixotto and some others. Strangely
enough, Mr. Stanton and Mr. Pissis, be
ing busy with the Arts and Crafts Exhibi
tion, made no attempt to carry off the
cash, but the others mentioned X sat up
nights and had colorful nightmares over
the matter. , y / P/tp
After considerable thinking and mental
eruption all three cot down to work and
turned out something that was guaranteed
to unhorse the committee on award and
establish a ; new school of design. The
products are said to nave been exception
ally.high grade and commensurate with
the magnificence of the Mardi Gras.
In the meantime Mr. Bosqui, one of the
directors of the association and incident
ally a well-known lithographer of this
City, 1 was preparing his designers with
ideas that were intended to overcome any
thing turned out by the artists. He made
very little noise about it, but when the
specimens were handed in Mr. Bosqui
was right in the thick of the . bunch and
laid his little exhibit carefully before the
committee. .
He had nothing particular to say and
the specimen or design spoke for itself.
After reasonable deliberation and some
thought it was announced that the litho
graphic design had won the $20 and that
Mr. Bosom was the lucky gentleman. .
Mr. Mathews, Mr. Joullin and Mr. Piex
otto said— it is not known definitely
just what they did say— but whatever it
was they said it in about the same man
ner that Mr. Whistler adopts when he re
fers to the author of "Trilby." '/■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
A PHILOSOPHIC BURGLAR
The Capture of George Paul
Debuss a Very Important
One.
ROOM FILLED WITH PLUNDER.
Five Burglaries Already Traced to
Him and There Is Suspicion
About Several More.
George Paul Debuss, alias George Paul,
alias Charles Miller, who was at first be
lieved to be an amateur burglar, has
turned out to be one of the most daring
and accomplished in the profession.
Early Thursday morning of last week he
entered the residence of General Dimond
on Taylor and Washington streets, but
was scared away before taking any plunder
by Mrs. Paul Jarboe, who was awakened
by the noise he made in her bedroom.
Policeman Amos Williams happened to
be close by at the time and arrested the
burglar. A "jimmy" and a revolver were
found in the prisoner's pockets.
On Monday Debuss was booked for at-
CHARLES MILLER, THE BURGLAR.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
tempt at burglary and for having burglars'
tools in his possession* Since then Police
men Williams and E.J. Wren have been
working on the case and they have found
that Debuss had for" the past year been
living in a house on Dupont street, be
tween Pacific and Broadway. They
searched his room, and in two large
valises and trunks they found a large
quantity of silverware, clothing and other
articles, the proceeds of numerous bur
glaries.
The articles were taken to police head
quarters, and among those who identified
property were Mrs. Samuel Ostroski, 11.14
Geary street; Mrs. A. M. Parrott, 517 .Sut
ter street; Colonel E. A. Denicke, south
west corner of Sacramento and Mason
streets, and Captain Samuel Blair, 1315
Van Ness avenue.
Mrs. Ostroski's residence was entered on
December 21, Mrs. Parrott's on December
20, Colonel Denicke's on December 21, and
Captain Blair's on November 25. There is
still a lot of silverware unidentified.
At the lodging-house on Dupont street
Debuss was looked upon as a quiet, indus
trious and honest man, and the landlady
was very much surprised and indignant
when told that he "was a burglar. The
police think he is the lone burglar who
has given them so much annoyance of
late. lie is 41 years of age, short and
stoutly built and a native of Germany.
Several addresses of houses, apparently
for future use, were written on a pocket
slate found among the papers. Some
have been partly. obliterated, but there are
three distinguishable. They are 1..17 Ellis
street, 291tT Sacramento street, 827 Fell
street.
Debuss is a bit of a philosopher. Among
his papers was found the following effu
sion, which very much resembles the kind
of literature that Murderer Fredericks was
so fond of writing:
December 31, 1894.
Three vices I have had in my life past. They
are well known to me, never to be forgotten.
They have kept me in chains and these chains
I am about to throw off and free myself for
ever. Mv parents who brought me into this
world forced the first and most serious on to
me, about the same time nature forced the
second on to me, ana the third my own vanity
and a corrupt world to give the first two a
mate, I suppose, done the rest. I am like a
being coming from another planet to this cor
rupt world with different ideas, manners, etc.;
in short, I am just the opposite what these
creatures are, for I have never found one ideal
among the millions I have met. _>
I will not let my plans be known to any one
for the simple reason they are not understood,
hence I must be the silent man. But they
shall feel me so much the more. Ido not ac
knowledge any religion; they are all frands.
But
There Is an eternal God
Whose presence bright
All space does occupy,
All motions guide
Unchanged through time's
All devastating flight—
An only God -. there is no
God beside.
Philosophers in their sublime research may
measure out the ocean deep, may count the
sands or rise of sun, but God, for thee there is
no weigh or measure. None can mount up to
thee, mystery's Reasons, bright est spark; Being
above all Beings, Mighty One, whom none can
compare and none explore — who forms exist
ence with Himself alone.
The following, headed "resolution," was
also found among his papers:
September 29, 1895.
I will from this day work and save every
cent I have to labor for. It must be my iron
bound duty to meet all expenses from sale of
clothes or whatever I can convert into money.
After I am completely out I must manage to
live from the interest of my money, which I
will pat in bank as soon as I get it. O. P. D.
Debuss refuses to talk about his arrest.
He says he has been twelve years in this
City, working sometimes as a cook and
sometimes as a waiter. The police so far
know nothing of his past history, but are
making inquiries.
LOCATING LAND LINES.
Agent T. Y. Gendine of Washington
Struggling With a Kelic of the
.Benson' Frauds.
Thomas Y. Gendine, special agent of
the Interior Department, Washington, D.
C, is at the Occidental.
He has been traveling in California for
some time, and making investigations in
connection with the Benson land frauds.
He has lately come from Los Angeles
County, where some of these . lands are,
and where he has been examining into the
subject of land grants. He says that ac
cording to the Benson surveys the tracts
of land did not come out right, bounda
ries in many cases being, yet matters of
dispute. The United States courts took a
hand at settling them, and made certain
declarations and delivered decisions in re
gard to them. v#Sg^^6*i'-- ;..'■"
Still the matter keeps bobbing up. It is
constantly being shown that the premises
on which the court based its decisions were
wrong. ......
Though the Benson indictments have
been settled, the lands are therefore still
subject to adjudication, so * far as the
boundaries are concerned, by the depart
ment.. . ... *
The land which Agent Gendine has ex
amined is in the foothills of Los Angeles
County. Agent Gendine is from Georgia.
CONGRESS AND ROADS.
Our Representatives at Washington
Urged to Aid a Bill for a National
Commission on Highways.
A bill to create a special commission on
highways has recently been read in the
House of Representatives and has been re
ferred to the Committee on Appropria
tions.
The local highway improvement com
mittee, L. A. \V\, has just received a copy
of the bill from the office of the State Bu
reau of Highways and the result is that
both organizations have decided to urge by
personal letters to each of California's Rep
resentatives, in Congress that efforts be
made to have the bill adopted.
In addition to a proposed appropriation
of $10,000 to the use of the National Com
mission for the first year and a provision
by which the commission is empowered to
meet in different States in conjunction
with the existing State road organizations
the substance of the bill reads as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of Amer
ica in Congress assembled, that a special com
mission on highways is hereby created, which
shall be composed of one Senator of the United
States, to be appointed as the Senate may pro
vide; two members of the House of Represen-
tatives, appointed by the Speaker; the chief of
engineers of the army; the director of the geo
logical survey, and the chief of road inquiry of
the Department of Agriculture.
This commission to report irom time to time,
by bill or otherwise, and to continue until
final report is made, but not beyond the pres
ent Congress.
It shall be the duty of this commission to
inquire generally how the Government may
further promote the improvement of highways,
and among other things to consider the ex
pediency of and best methods of providing for,
(1) The scientific location of highways on the
public domain. (2) The employment of the
Geological Survey in the discovery of road
materials. (3) The frey testing of all road
materials offered. (4) Construction of model
roads aid instruction in road making at agri
cultural colleges and experiment stations.
(5) The same at the military academy and
when practicable at all institutions having a
military instructor.
The commission shall confer with tho Inter
state Commerce Commission and with leading
railway officials concerning a general reduc
tion of transportation rates on road materials.
MAYOR ASKED TO VETO
Cemetery Associations JArgue
Against the Burial Lot
Ordinance.
Mr. Sutro Will Give the Matter Careful
Attention Before Affixing His
Signature.
A large delegation of representatives of
the Cemetery Associations called on Mayor
Sutro yesterday and ur_;ed him to veto the
ordinance recently passed by the Board of
Supervisors prohibiting the sale of burial
lots within the limits of the City and
County.
Messrs. Gray, Burling, Gunnison and
Crowell appeared for the Laurel Hill Asso
ciation, Messrs. Cowdery, Bohen, and
Fletcher for the Odd Fellows', and Messrs.
Davis, Sumner, Stetson and Wliittier for
the other associations.
They declared that the ordinance was a
farce on its face, as it would not accom
plish the object for which it was intended,
and would at the same time work a hard
ship on the associations. They declared
that the prohibiting of the sale of burial
lots would not stop burials within the
City limits, as the ground already disposed
of would accommodate 80,000 graves if not
another foot was sold. At the same time
the cemeteries would be deprived of the
source of revenue which keeps them in
good condition, it was contended that
legislation of this character was invalid,
and would not stand in the courts.
Attention was called to the cemeteries
at the Presidio, and the Mayor was asked
whether he was willing to precipitate a
clash with the National authorities by
signing the order. Messrs. Gray and Sum*
ner argued that the cemeteries were not
'injurious to the public health; that the
mortality in the districts, in which they
are situated is less than in other sections
of the City, and that many poor people are
in the habit of visiting them for the pur
pose of resting and breathing purer air
than is to be found in the crowded streets.
Mayor Sutro intimated that while he
considered the cemeteries a menace to the
public health and favored burials outside
of the City limits he thought the associa
tions should not be crowded in the matter,
and that they might be given further time
to hunt other locations before their reven
ues are cut off.
The cemetery, representatives called at
tention to the fact that people living west
of the burial grounds the ones Who are
advocating the ordinance— bought their
property with the full knowledge that the
cemeteries would be located where they
are. They stated in their defense that the
associations had paid the City $25,000 for a
deed to the land in 1871. It was shown
that the Odd Fellows have thirty-four lots
left unsold, Masonic Cemetery twenty
seven and Laurel Hill sixty. f. V- •-'
The Mayor, after hearing all the argu
ments, said the associations might have
vested rights which the Supervisors could
not overlook, and that ;• he would look
carefully into the- matter' before deciding
whether or not to veto the ordinance.
Moved Their. Advertising -Department.
Owing to the increase of the work devolving
upon the advertising department of the South
ern Pacific Company, which is in - charge of A.
C. Jackson, it has been removed from the sec
ond floor of the building at the corner of Mar
ket and Montgomery streets to some of the
unoccupied rooms in the old building at the
corner of fourth and Townsend streets. *
IN HAMMOND'S BEHALF
The Gold Mining Exchange Calls
for a Mass Meeting
To-Morrow.
THE GENEROSITY OF CURTIS.
The Imprisoned Californian's Friends
Kept the Wires Hot Demand
ing a Fair Trial.
The Gold Mining Exchange of San Fran
cisco held a special meeting in the assem
bly-room of the Mills building yesterday
afternoon and took formal action looking
to the proper administration of justice in
the case of John Hays Hammond and
other American citizens now in prison as
a result of the Transvaal invasion.
The Curtis cablegram, published in The
Call yesterday, bad much to do with
arousing the California friends of Mr.
Hammond to immediate and definite ac
tion.
The meeting yesterday was largely at
tended, and the liveliest interest was dis
played in tbe proceedings. President
Walter Turnbull presided.
Geneial Harris, who is an uncle of John
Hays Hammond, set forth the condition
of affairs which surrounds the accused.
He said that it was impossible to get any
direct communication with Hammond, as
the Transvaal Government had doubtless
applied the censorship. . :.,:■':;.
M. F. Tarpey offered the following reso
lution :
Whereas, A number of American citizens of
California have been arrested and imprisoned
by the authorities of the South African republic,
charged with complicity in the recent armed
invasion of that country; and
Whereas, from our Knowledge of the men
so charged, their high character, their educa
tion and standing, we do not believe that they
are guilty of the grave offense for which they
have been arrested, arid for which they are to
be tried ; therefore, be it
Resolved, By the Gold Mining Exchange of
San Francisco at a called meeting at the City
of San Francisco on this 23d day of January,
1890, that our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be urged to take immediate action
in behalf of our imperiled citizens, and that if
they are to be tried in a foreign land under
such grave charges, it De urged upon the au
thorities at Washington that this Government
be represented at such trial or trials by a rep
resentative learned in tne law who will de
mand a lair and impartial hearing for each of
the accused ; and be it further
Resolved, ".That the secretary of this meeting
telegraph copies of the resolutions to each of
our Senators and Representatives at Washing
ton.';••:. ■
The resolution was unanimously
adopted, as was the following, offered by
Colonel Smedberg:
Whereas, the Gold Mining Exchange of San
Francisco desires to express its sympathy in
behalf of John Hays Hammond and other
American citizens, who, we are informed, are
detained in prison in South Africa. Therefore
be it
Resolved, That the Gold Mining Exchange of
San Francisco requests the Governor of our
State and th* Mayor and all citizens of our
City to assemble In the rooms of the Chamber
of Commerce of San Francisco on Saturday,
January 25, 1890, at 2 o'clock v. M., to con
sider tne matter in question and to take such
steps as may be deemed wise and proper toward
ameliorating the condition of Mr. Hammond
and other fellow-citizens who- are imprisoned
in the Transvaal.
The chair was empowered to appoint a
committee of three to take the subject
matter of these resolutions in hand, and
call the meeting if the necessity of the
case demanded such action.
The committee appointed consists of W.
R. Smedberg (chairman), P. T. Dickinson
and Louis Glass. ,' "4/ V.
•> In addition to the cables already pub
lished in The Call from George T. Curtis,
one of the imprisoned Californians in
Africa, to his friends in this City, the fol
lowing was received by ex-Judge Eugene
Garber: T/;.y
Newcastle, Natal, January 22, 1896. ■
Eugene Garber, San Francisco: Do what you
can to help Hammond. He has been shame
fully treated and is now confined in jail, with
no prospect of being admitted to bail.
-r Curtis.
Curtis is one of those arrested and yet
in all his telegrams has said no word* in
his own behalf, but spoken only for his
friend Hammond, who is in the greatest
danger. ■>*';> ■'••■■;
Ex-Judge J. D. Thornton, who was a
warm friend of the late Major Hammond,
sent off the following telegram yesterday
to Senator Morgan of Alabama:
San Fbancisco, January 23, 1890.
John T. Morgan. United States Senate, Washing
ton, D.C.: I hope you, with Senators Pugn,
Daniel and Bate, will do all in your power to
obtain prompt and vigorous action in favor of
Curtis and Hammond and other Americans in
prison ,in Pretoria. Private advices show
prompt action necessary. Urge a fair trial.
Have written. James D. Thoenton.
REALTY SOLD AT AUCTION.
Baldwin & Hammond Hold a
Successful Sale of City
Property.
Pacific Improvement Company's Lands
Brought Fair Prices— A Large
Sum Realized.
The auction sale of property belonging
to the Pacific Improvement Company at
tracted a large crowd yesterday to the
salesroom of Baldwin & Hammond. The
result of the sale was eminently satisfac
tory to the auctioneers and the owners of
the property, the prices, inmost instances,
being ve.'y good. .
Before commencing the sale of the Pa
cific Improvement property, there were
sold, under order of court, twelve houses
on Stevenson street, between Seventh and
Eighth, renting for $292 a month, for
$28,000. 7
After this property was disposed of, the
sale of the lots belonging to the Pacific
Improvement Company began, the first
lot offered being the southwest corner of
Fifteenth and Valencia streets, 40x137:6,
which started at $10,000, and quickly ran
up to $13,250, at which price it was sold.
Lots 4 and 5 on Valencia street, 90 feet
south of Fifteenth street, were sold for
$4600 each. Lot 2 on Valencia street, 25x
137:6, adjoining the corner, was sold for
$4525, and lot 3, same size, brought $4400.
A largo lot on Fifteenth street, 53:4x150
feet, was sold for $5800, with the improve
ments, which rent for $33 per month. The
lot on the southeast corner of Fifteenth
street and : Albion avenue, 104:8x108,
brought $8900. . On Albion avenue the lot
62x104:8 brought $4000. Three other
lots on Valencia street, two of them
25x90 feet each, brought $3900 apiece
and one lot, 22:6x90 feet, sold
for $3600.. On. the northeast corner of
Valencia and Hermann '. streets the lot
49:10^x71:6 brought $19,250. Immediate
ly in the rear of this lot two lots, each
42:8x49:10>-:, sold for $3000 and $3200 re
spectively. The lot 28:6x124 on the south
side of Market street, between Brady and
Hermann, went for $14,250. The lot 75x
124, southwest corner of Market and
Brady, brought , $55,250. Two lots, each
25x124 feet, on the south side of Mark.
75 feet west of Brady, sold for $17,500
each. 'u-^^^^^^^^fe^SgSS-^S-Mt'- \ ■
The remainder of -the Market-street
property . was withdrawn, as ■ it appeared
rom the survey that there was some en
croachment on the property of adjoining
owners. This matter, however, it is stated,
will be straightened out in a short while
and the property offered at private sale.
All the interior lots in Mission blocks 13
and 14 were in great demand and many of
them were purchased by the present ten
ants. These lots ranged in price all the
way from $625 up to $3000 each, the differ
ence in price being due entirely to the. size
of the lots, some of which were only 20
feet front while others were 80 feet.
After the sale of these lots five lots on
the north side of Waller street, east of
Stanyan, were put up and sold at prices
ranging from $1175 to $1275 each, the lots
being 27:0x85 feet in size.
Taking everything into consideration,
the owners and auctioneers are to be con
gratulated upon the success of the sale,
which is an indication of the return of
better times. The total amount of the
sale was $281,115, exclusive of an offer of
$8200, which was made for the lot on the
northwest corner of Castro and Seven
teenth streets, which will probably not be
accepted.
The following is a list of the principal
purchasers: T. Mahoney, E. L. Reese,
James Campbell, H. & L. Block, United
States Laundry Association, O. D. Bald
win, Joseph Harvey, R. V. Lucy, George
Schafer, Albert Joseph, Mary Sommers,
Catherine Murray, T. C. Murphy, Fred
Muller, Louis Kuebber, William Kennedy,
T. J. Murphy, M. Corbett, Joseph Jacque
met, Thomas O'Brien, A. . Eckert, Julia
Garvey, M. Daly, J. Bernard,- A. L. Mor
§anstern. P. H. Farrell, James and Katie
Smith, C. Foley, J. HinkeJ, C. S. Ives,
Charles Mohaupt, James Bohan, Peter
Streifer, C. D. Salfield, A. Olson, M. Mc-
Cord.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
The Special Committee Reported
in Favor of a Public
Market.
Opposed to the City Making a Fifty-
Year Contract on a Garbage
Crematory.
The board of directors of the Merchants'
Association held a meeting last evening
and decided to submit to the Board of
Supervisors at its next meetinc the plan
of the City Hall directory. It will cost
only $125. This will include sixteen hall
directories, lettering the doors, naming
the several floors, etc.
The Supervisors will be petitioned for
the repaying of several of the downtown
streets, principally Geary, Post and Mont
gomery, the latter as soon as the railroad
company decides upon what kind of car
service it will give the public.
The matter of lighting the downtown
portions of the City was postponed until
after the Supervisors let the street-lighting
contract on July 1.
The widening of Lombard avenue to the
Presidio was discussed.
The association voted $25 toward defray
ine the expenses of the committee that is
going to Washington in the interests of
improving the rivers and harbors of this
coast.
The matter of a free market was intro
duced by the special committee's report.
After stating what was said and done at
the two recent committee meetings, the
report said :
T.our committee respectfully submits the fol
lowing conclusions as the present result of its
deliberations: First, the free public market
system is successful and beneficial in other
cities of the United States and Europe; sec
ond, there appears to be a general demand
among the smaller producers and consumers
for a free public market in the City of San
Francisco; third, a free public market in this
City is not only necessary, but would prove of
decided advantage to the City; fourth, the
otter from the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners of a location at the water front should
be accepted as a beginning of the project and
a step in the right direction; fifth, there
should be established at least two more free
public markets in the neighborhood where
they would prove most useful to consumers
and most convenient to producers.
Edward F. Adams of the California
Fruit Exchange presented a long commu
nication upon the same subject.
Letters upon the subject of selecting a
site in San Francisco for the Wilmerding
School were read.
"Secretary J. R. Freud reported that he
has nearly finished compiling the synop
sis of the proposed new charter, which
will be ready for publication within a few
days. The principal points in the charter
will be summarized in ten pages. The
Merchants' Association has declared in
favor of the proposed charter and will in
stitute a vigorous campaign to secure its
adoption.
The subject of the means of disposing of
the City's garbage was discussed, and it
was decided that a petition be sent to the
Board of Supervisors asking it not to take
any action in regard to the awarding of
the contract for building a crematory for
garbage until a report by the engineer of
the association can be submitted. It is
believed that the engineer's report will
show that it would be woll for the City to
own its own plant, and that it would not
be wise to let a contract under any condi
tion for so long a period as fifty years.
The following new members were
elected: Anglo-American Crockery and
Glassware Company; Blake, Momtt &
Towne; Langley & Michaels; Sherwood &
Sherwood ; Levi Strauss & Co.
NEW TO-DAT.
The line of -'Mantell" Smokers
lengthens as the days go by. People
are realizing that there Is more
than a name In the Robert Mantell
Cigar..
The three -great claims of the
Mantell-Natural Flavor, Uniform-
ity, Popular Price— easily tested.
Will you try It?
"MANTELL."
ISllll
Brrw
If wB
Jam 6*W«*
jX' 1, 1, l
-'■■' yy: V
It is the waste that you must stop. When yon
And your nerves becoming weaker and weaker
day by day, when you find your jarring nerves
do not respond to the exigencies of time or
: Dlace, it Is then time lor you to use a remedy
that will make you a really strong man. Hud-
yan will do it. . Use the great Hudyau for Con-
Itipation, Nervous disorders, Liver and Kidney
troubles, and have yourself restored.
Send for FREE Circulars ana
Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads ot
lore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
.LIVER— "When your liver is affected 70*
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptom!
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. Yon need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can set
it from us. Write for book on liver trouble*,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
tent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
liiiiiikXi^AiAfAiAiAiAfAiAiLk
Better than
I Broths
fiand
I [Bouillon
j
("The ordinary soups, broths
and beef teas are worthless" say
eminent physicians.
S COCOA is the most nourish-
f ing and easily digested liquid
a) food known to science.
l Dyspeptics are compelled to
F drink it instead of tea and coffee.
ttGhirardelli's
*)COCOA
j is made here not long in get-
I ting to you, therefore FRESH-
I EST ; therefore STRONGEST,
V most NOURISHING, most
ECONOMICAL.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings Coitj Bonis.
■VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN' THAT SEALED
-Li proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
1890, for the purchase of thirty-two (32. Kings
County Courthouse .Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both Inclusive, o"f
the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day of January,
1906, or at any time before that date, at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
Mates, with interest thereon at the rate of four t.i)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and interest payable at the office
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County,
-■.aid bonds having been issued in conformltv with
Orders and Resolutions of the Hoard of super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1b95,
and January 0. IB9t>, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and In
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March 24, 15!.:..
None of said bonds will be sojd for less than face
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
80-rrd of Supervisors, and lie right is hereby ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. -Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. Vv'. 11. si, .WIN.
' County Treasurer.
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.WHEAT STILL
ON THE RISE
Animated Scenes in the San
Francisco Produce
Exchange.
VIEWS OF BUSINESS MEW
Probable Influence of the Ad*
vance on Finance and
Trade.
GOLDEN DAYS ARE LOOKED FOR
Facts, Figures and Fancies Galore in
Reference to the Expected
New Regime.
Things downtown had a more cheerful
asDect yesterday than they have worn for
some time past. A vague, indefinable
something flitting airily through the busi
ness streets, seemed to stop now and then
in its capricious career and whisper a word
of comfort and encouragement into the
ear of some would-be money king, making
his step lighter and his glance brighter.
It was at the Produce Exchange, how
ever, that the financial fairy was busiest.
All through the day men thronged the
bare, dingy hall, and it was interesting to
the last degree to observe the lightning
change for the better which overspread
the countenances of some of the habitues
of that institution as they drank in golden
tales of better times.
"There's no use talKing," said a tall,
elderly gentleman, dogmatically, "this
rise in wheat means a great deal. It
means, in fact, everything, financially
speaking, for California."
"I guess that old fellow's about right,"
observed a man who could not have been
so very young himself, since he had iron
gray whiskers. "There is going to be a
change in things, and no mistake. The
hard times have lasted long enough."
"I wish you gentlemen wouldn't talk so
loud," peevishly protested a snowy-haired
financial patriarch, who had dropped into
the^ exchange to see the lay of the land.
"When there's such a racket going on, a
man can't keep track of the market, par
ticularly when he's hard of hearing. This
morning May wheat opened at $1 13%,
and then dropped to $1 13%, but I hear
it's on the rise again. This means some
thing.
"After all," continued the ancient mem
ber, plainly gratified to notice that the
others had ceased speaking in order to
listen to his views, "we old Californians
believe in wheat. When wheat's up the
country's a-booming, and when wheat's
down the State is flat on her back. This
may not be the most reasonable view to
take, but it is the general one. and cannot
be ignored. Tbis idea, be it true or false,
has an influence peculiar to itself on all
departmen-ts of trade and finance through i
the West."
••But listen to that bidding, will you."int
erposed a clerk from one of the grain
brokers' offices. "And they're all buying,
too. If the market should take a flop now,
I know some people that would wail like
keeners at a wake. It's up to $1 14 al
ready. Just get onto that old gent with
the gold eyeglasses. If anybody knows
the markets it's he; and he seems to be
buying right and left. There are no
sellers, anyhow, at least there don't seem
to be."
At tbis point a steady rise by eighths
commenced, and as it advanced great ex
citement was manifest. The highest point
reached was $1 14"'.;, after which the price
declined to $1143-2, closing firm at that
figure. Spot wheat for milling purposes
closed at $1 25, which price was firmly held,
while prospects of a rise are said to be
more than fair.
Like other members of the Produce Ex
change, L. W. McGlaurtin was more or less
affected by the prevailing buoyancy. He
refused, however, to allow himself to be
altogether carried away by the tidal wave
of enthusiasm, and stuck to figures, which
he claimed, with no attempt at originality,
"wouldn't lie."
''Now listen to these figures," said Mc-
Glauflin: "lne amount of wheat which
will be required which will have to be pro
duced in this Stat*- during the interval
which commenced on the first of last De
cember and will terminate at the begin
ning of the coming July will be at least
30,000 tons monthly. This, be it under
stood, means the amount necessary within
the State for seed, for milling purposes and
for feeding domestic animals. This
seems to me a very conservative estimate
if not a low one. The Sperry Mills alone
require 14,000 tons every month and the
other mills nearly as. much more, so it
looks as though my estimate was far be
low the mark.
"However, let us assume this estimate
to be somewhere near correct. The in
terval to which I have referred comprises
seven full months, during which time
210,000 tons of wheat will have to be pro
duced for use and consumption within the
borders of this State alone. This leaves
the matter of exports altogether out of
calculation. But now let us look for a
moment at the outside market. The latest
advices from Australia give a most for
lorn picture of this year's wheat crop in
tne colonies. At last accounts the yield
was fully 8,650,000 bushels short. This
amount is about equal to 209,500 tons of
our measure. The drought of last October
practically ruined the Australian wheat
crop. This year's yield represents per
haps a fourth, or may be less, of the usual
harvest.
"Now, the demand in Australia must be
met, and met at once. Nothing can be
more reasonable than to believe that the
colonial wheat-dealers will continue en
deavoring to replenish their depleted mar
let from California's abundance. Already,
since the beginning of last December,
46,863 tons of wheat nave been shipped to
Australia and Africa from San Francisco.
Over 162,000 tons will have to be shipped
to Australia alone during the coming five
months in order to meet the normal de
mand in that country.
. "In this connection the question of
transportation must be considered. It
would be of little avail that a promising
market were opened if carrying facilities
were unduly limited or excessively, ex
pensive. But such, happily, is hot the
case. We have here in port disengaged
vessels with a carrying capacity of 76,761
tons. The ships now on. the way to this
port, and which will unload here, have a
carrying capacity of fully 365,700 tons,
making the total ; freight facilities
444,461 tons. From these figures it will
easily be percieved • that the shipping of
wheat to Australia will be a matter of
great facility. With these two great fac
tors, urgency of the demand in Australia
and facility for transportation thither, I
can only conclude that the California
wheat trade in that quarter will be most
brilliant.
"In the East orr wheat has been rather
low, but there is commencing to be quite a
demand for it, and this demand I am in
formed is liable to assume much greater
proportions. In Chicago the winter wheat
is almost gone, and by the end of Febru
ary there will in all probability be little or
none of it left. The millers in and about
Chicago require from 50,000 to 150,000 tons
daily to keep their mills going, and at the
present rate a call will soon be made for
the Californian wheat, which, after all, is
far superior to anything of the kind that
can be produced in the East.
"Looking at the matter calmly," con
cluded Mr. McGlauflin, "weighing sound
facts and straight figures. which are the only
safe guides in matters of this kind, I have
come to the conclusion that the best thing
we can do here is to raise all the wheat we
can, and have it available as soon as pos
sible. There is no reason, there can be no
reason, why Californian wheat should now
go begging for a market. The demand
being so extensive and imperative, prices
must come up, and I trust in the near
future that the expression 'hard times
will cease to be used in California by all
except historians and others of that ilk
who deal in antiquated reminiscences of
the dead and buried past."
E. L. Atkinson of the grain brokerage
house of T. T. Atkinson & Co. had much
the same story to tell.
"Some people," he observed, "are will
ing and apparently anxious to be fooled
all the time. Then there are other times
when sudden crazes seem to take general
possession of the financial world. But
when we see solid, sensible men preparing
for a reign of prosperity we have a right
to conclude that something is going to
turn up. That seems to be the case at
present. The rise in wheat which is now
raising the wind in the market has come
to stay for a while. This is no scheme of
the brokers, but the legitimate outcome of
a palpable fact. While Chicago markets
have not yet reached our figures, they are
bound to advance m the natural sequence
of events and do their part toward the
augmentation of the general prosperity.
"Tne failure of the Australian crop and
the present low freight standard will both
contribute in no small degree to the suc
cess of Californian wheat in Eastern and
foreign markets. It is said that one large
dealer has bought up most of the A No. 1
milling wheat on the market and is at
present selling it to the mills at $1 20 and
clamoring for more, but I cannot speak
with any degree of certainty regarding the
accuracy or inaccuracy of the statement.
At any rate grain speculators are jubilant,
since the present indications promise bet
ter things for them and their clients in the
near future." j' J. *£■'..
George D. Toy of Bovee, Toy & Co. had a
few views to express from a real estate
man's standpoint. ■
"It is necessary," he observed, "for a
man to keep himself in a calm and con
servative disposition of mind while con
sidering situations like the present. There
have been sudden rises in wheat before,
and the dazzling castle in the air has
flopped flatter than a flapjack, ruining the
hopes and fortunes of multitudes in its
collapse. However, this late rise seems to
be of a different order. The facts which
caused the advance are patent to all, and
the rise in prices of wheat seems to me
nothing but the normal effect of a given
cause. A singular feature of life in Cali
fornia is that many Californians, particu
larly the old stagers, literally swear by
wheat. Yon can't interest them in or
chards or in manufactures to any great
extent, and while they seem to wake up a
little when grapes are mentioned, still the
subject does not move them as it might.
But speak to them of wheat, and they
glow with enthusiasm or groan in utter
depression of spirit, according to the
status of the market. Funny, isn't it?
"Still in the real estate business, and in
every business for that matter, we must
deal witb people and ideas as well as with
facts and figures. Taking this for granted,
I think we may predict a great financial
revival if this rise in wheat is permanent.
As things look now the wheat market is
on the verge ot a most prosperous epoch.
Now since wheat (whether rightfully or not
I leave to wiser beads) is so notable a factor
in the industrial and financial life of the
State, a rise in the wheat market if per
manent and bona fide must exercise a most
beneficial effect upon the material welfare
of tho State in every department."
A NOVEL JOUBNEY.
Traveling by London's Electric Under-
ground Railway.
District and metropolitan railways keep
mostly to the north side of the Thames.
But South London has its electric under
ground, the only one of the kind, I be
lieve, in existence, though there are
electric trains almost everywhere now, ex
cept in London, and probably Liverpool is
not alone in : its electric elevated. I my
self have never had occasion to use it, but
curiosity led me once to make a journey
along its entire length.
The trip is made in a quarter of an hour,
and trains run every three minutes. I be
lieve as yet there are but ten trains in all,
but as each makes the round trip in half
an hour, a larger number could hardly be
managed. The journey for the unaccus
tomed has an element of novelty. You
are carried down to the platform and up
again to the street level in an elevetor.
There is no division of classes, and the
cars arc built, somewhat on the model of
streetcars; three are attached to each en
gine. I found the light— though it may
have been a chance that one day—atro
ciously bad, the jolting dreadful j and the
stations clean and dull compared to those
on the ordinary underground. For, of
course, there is no smoke, .and the tiled
walls are immaculately clean; as up and
down lines have, each a separate tube or
tunnel there is a platform 'but to one side,
and it is made as narrow and contracted
may be, while it is the one place I know
where London is as silent as M. Daudet so
recently found it.
The absence of smoke is an advantage in
a way. The atmosphere may savor of the
cellar, but there is no danger of being
stifled and suffocated by foul air. London
being the most conservative place in the
world, naturally the electric railway has
not yet achieved so great a popularity as
to warrant the creation : of rivals. The
Londoner must have time to make up his
mind about it; he is still in that stage of
uncertainty when he will pay his penny or
twopence to go below and inspect the
platform. The wonder really is that this
one line happened to be built in the me
tropolis, which has been most backward in
accepting the modern applications of elec
tricity. Do not London streets, 1 except
here and there, still wait for the electric
light?— Harper's Magazine.
The ways of auctioneers in : different
parts of the world vary greatly. In Eng
land and America the seller bears the ex
pense of the sales, but in France the pur
chaser .bears the cost, 5 per cent being;
added to his. purchase. In Holland it is
stilL worse, the purchaser ■? being required 1
to pay 10 per cent additional for the ex
pense oi the sale. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ; JANUARY 24, 1896.
THEY FAILED TO OPEN.
Downtown Poolrooms Cannot
Get Any Telegraphic
Service.
THE NEW MONTE CARLO.
Gambling to Be Conducted in Annie
Alley— News. From Cripple
Creek.
, Contrary to the general expectation the
downtown poolrooms failed to open up for
business yesterday.
• As a consequence the service of the
district messenger oflice was unimpaired
and no new cases of theft or misappropri
ation of employers' funds were reported at
police headquarters.
President Thomas H. Williams of the
California Jockey Club has set his foot
down in earnest against allowing the
poolmen telegraphic service from the Bay
District track.
The poolmen, therefore, are in such a
position that they do not feel justified in
doing business over the grapevine route
they used from the Ingieside track,
JOE HARVEY'S NEW GAMBLING GAME AT THE BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
although in this case they know it would
be much easier to get the news than it was
from the new course. _-.-_-
Their inaction yesterday was greatly
due, too, to the fact that the Driscoil case
is now before Judge Wallace. Driscoil
was arrested on a charge of violating the
Ellert ordinance prohibiting the conduct
ing of pool-selling outside of a racetrack.
The defendant was fouad guilty in ths
Police Court and the case was appealed.
On Wednesday last Judge Wallace stated
that he saw nothing more in the case than
was in the messenger case which he tried
months ago on the same charge and in
which he awarded an acquittal. The Dis
trict Attorney asked to be- allowed to file
briefs, which was granted, and the case
now is pending. In the meantime the
poolmen are mapping out some scheme
try which they may get prompt telegraphic
service, ana they feel confident of success
by to-morrow.
The firms doing business on Ellis street
have all closed their doors to the public
and have secured Quarters in a place less
conspicuous. Henceforth Hallinan & Co.,
Levy & Co. and Harry E. Corbett & Co.
will transact their business in Annie alley,
a narrow thoroughfare running from Eddy
street to Ellis, betmeen Powell and Mason.
They have secured a big abandoned stable.
This has been fitted up with the necessary
stalls and boxes wherein to makes books.
"Billy" Kennedy, one of the speculators
from the recently closed "Belfry," who
went to Cripple Creek, has been heard
from. He writes that the camp is more
than overrun by gamblers and sure-thing
men. Penniless men are reaching the
place by the hundreds every day. There
is nothing doing and the death rate from
pneumonia alone is one each hour of the
day and night.
Kennedy is very bitter against his old
partner, Joe Harvey, who, he claims, is the
cause of his having to leave California.
Tbey were associated in the wheel of for
tune at the Bay District track until Har
vey decided he preferred to be unasso
ciated. That wheel earned, according to
Kennedy, over $101,000 in six months dur
ing which it ran steadily at the Bay Dis
trict track.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club refused to
permit Harvey to run his game at the
Ingieside track.
GOLDEN GATE BOULEVARD.
The Prayer of Property Owners
Answered by the Super
visors.
Refusal to Accept Basalt-Paved Fol
som-Street Blocks— No Railroad
Tracks.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to grant the
prayer of the residents along Golden Gate
avenue and recommend an order declar
ing that thoroughfare a public boulevard
throughout its full length, thus forever
shutting out street • railroads from laying
their tracks thereon, and making the ave
nue '* the pleasure driveway for, wbich it
was orignally intended.
. The matter was decided upon some time
ago, but as the time was not considered
ripe no definite steps were taken. Yester
day, however, the matter was brought up
for discussion and the committee con
cluded that there was no use of fur
ther delay and instructed Clerk Russell to
draw up an order covering the ground,
which he did in the following words:
Section 1. That certain street in the City
and County of San Francisco known as Golden
Gate avenue, throughout its entire length
from Market street to Masonic avenue, .is
hereby declared - to be and s dedicated as an
open boulevard upon and along which no rail
road franchise shall : ever be granted and on
which no railroad tracks shall ever be laid.
Sec. 2. No permit shall ever be issued allow
ing the moving of any house along said street
for ; any - distance whatever, and no .; house
moving shall, ever., be done on said street,
either along, upon or across the same. •
See. 3.' No wagon, truck or dray, . cart or
other vehicle carrying or regularly employed
in carrying goods, merchandise, coal, manure,
sand, lumber or other articles of commerce or
trade, shall travel *. upon said : boulevard . or
street lor any purpose or in any matter what
ever, provided that this article shall not apply
to vehicles carryinz. goods, wares and mer
chandise to or from the residents on said ave
nue. . "i-ilM&gillS-iSsgPS-^V
USec. 4. Any person who shall violate any of
the provisions of this order shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on convic
tion thereof, be punished by a fine of not less
than $5 or more than $50, or by imprisonment
in the County Jail for not less than five days or
more than six months.
A report was decided upon in favor of
having artificial stone sidewalks laid on
the south side of "Jackson street, between
Steiner and Scott, in front of Alta plaza.
The Superintendent of Streets was in
structed to investigate the matter of sew
ers on Prescott street, near Vallejo, and
recommended the construction of a proper
outlet for sewage in that district as soon
as practicable, as the School Department
has prohibited the further use of the sewer
through the Irving-street school lot.
The committee recommended the re
jection of the petitions of Caroline H.
Kobinson and James D. Pheian, executor
of the estate of James Pheian, for the ac
ceptance of Folsom street, between Ninth
and Tenth. Tne report of the committee
is as follows:
As the citizens of this district have been en
ergetically endeavoring to have a boulevard
on Folsom street by having the same paved
with bituminous rock, the City and County
having appropriated the sum of $35,000 for
this purpose to pave the accepted blocks and
crossings, the balance to complete the entire
street to be appropriated by the City and
County during the next fiscal year, no author
ity can be found to accept the block paved
with basalt blocks years ago, as the same is
not in good condition, and your committee
regards that this apparent omission of a pre
vious Superintendent of Streets to recommend
the acceptance of this block imposes upon the
property-owners the additional expense of re
paying said street with bitumen.
The committee decided that in view of
the opinion rendered by City and County
Attorney Creswell regarding the much
mooted Crocker fence in the rear of the
Nob Hili mansion it would be unwise to
proceed further in the matter, and ordered
the ordinance to remove it placed on file.
This shelves the matter for the present, at
least.
It was decided to instruct the Superin
tendent of Streets to recommend the con
struction of sewers on California street,
from Central avenue to First avenue, in
order to complete the sewerage facilities
thereon. It was also decided to request
the eas and water companies to lay mains
on the street, as it is the intention of the
board to bituminize tbe blocks mentioned.
TALLOW SOLO FOR WAX
A Clever Game Operated by a
Recent Arrival From
Seattle.
Phil Unger Arrested on a Charge of
Having Obtained Money Under
False Pretenses,
Through the efforts of the Morse De
tective Agency of this City Phil Unger,
who is suspected of being a clever swin
dler, was arrested last night on a charge
of obtaining money under false pretenses.
As far as could be gathered from Morse's
men, Unger came to this City from Seattle
about two weeks ago, accompanied by J.
A. Brown and a lad, who claims to be a
nephew of the latter, and who gives 'the
name of Fred Brown.
It is supposed the men have been carry
ing on their operations in a most sys
tematic manner and on a considerable
scale, their victims being merchants along
Front and other downtown streets who
deal in beeswax.
Unger called on Charles Jacobson & Co.,
423 Front street, on January 10, and ex
hibiting a sample of beeswax, worth from
25 cents to 27 cents a pound, stated he had
about a thousand pounds for sale. A bar
gain was struck at 23 cents a pound, and
on the delivery of five barrels, the net con
tents of which weighed 975 pounds, Unger
was given a check for $224 25 and gave the
firm a receipt signed J. A. Baum.
A few days ago the firm sold these five
barrels of supposed beeswax and was about
to ship them to Europe, when it was dis
covered that instead of beeswax the barrels
contained a composition of tallow and
parafflne colored to resemble beeswax, and
worth about 4 cents a pound at most.
The firm at once placed the case in the
hands of Harry Morse, who last night
landed his man behind the prison bars.
Unger and the two Browns were found at
the Winchester House [on Third street,
but there being no evidence against either
of the Browns they were released.
The detectives discovered that they were
running a factory for the wholesale manu
facture of Imitation beeswax at 936 Harri
son street, and it is believed that quite a
number of firms have been duped by the
game. . 
The House of .Lords.
Probably the House of Lords is the least
sentimental assembly in the world, yet it
is peculiarly susceptible to the authority
and magic of a strong personality. On a
celebrated ; occasion Lord Lyndhurst • re
cited at enormous length all ; the black
letter authorities on a subject. Lord Lvnd
hurst got his : way, not. by the weight
of his black-letter ■ citations, which' the
pastoral peers who A swell out : full-dress
debates could hardly be expected to
appreciate, but by the 7 accustomed, yet
ever vivid, impression of Lord Lyndhurst
on his legs. Thus, when Lord Salisbury
rises to recommend a perilous success to
the cohorts he .controls, when the House
"gives : audience : and attention still as
night" to the sequence of clear-cut argu
ment and illustration, every phrase poised
to a hair, every point piercing to the quick,
the whole speech acting; like oxygen on
the languid air of the House of Lords, it is
easy to realize. the burden of responsibility
which personal ascendancy lays, upon the
leader of the Conservative party in the
House of Lords.— Nineteenth Century. . .
",:■■ According to a Paris paper the crown of
the King of; Portugal, which was recently
repaired by a jeweller, is the most costly
in -the world, being valued at ; over
$5,000,000.
ANTI-BUCKLEY PRIMARY
The Junta Decided Last Night to
Hold One Within Two
Weeks.
ONLY GOOD MEN FOR JUDGES.
Ex-Election Commissioners James Den
man and P. M. Wellin Will
Name the Officers.
The anti-Buckley primary is now more
clearly in view. The primary committee
of the Junta met last night and decided to
hold a primary for the election of a new
general committee within about two
weeks, the date to be fixed soon in the
course of the frequent meetings the. com
mittee will hold from now on. 7/ 'm' 7-'::.
The Junta people have changed their
minds about holding it according to the
postal primary plan. Chairman W. P.
Sullivan stated last night that the primary
would be an open club election of the
usual sort j and . according to the regular
plan followed by the Buckley faction two
weeks ago.. After favorably considering
the postal j primary plan for a while it was
decided that the value to the faction of
pursuing regular party methods would be
superior to the Increased showing of
strength that would be secured by letting
every voter deposit his ballot in a mail box.
This move on the part of the Junta is a
consequence of the decision of the Su
preme Court Knocking out the new Elec
tion Commission. The Junta has been
waiting to see if its plan of having the
commission appoint the primary election
officers could be carried out.
Last night the primary ; committee de
cided to ask James Denman and P. H.
Wellin, the Democratic members of the
commission that is no more, to personally
name the election officers, of which there
will be five in each of the eighteen dis
tricts.- This will be an evidence of good
faith, at least, and will be supposed to im
part to the election the full degree of re
spectability with which the appointors are
credited. . ...";../,
"We are going, right ahead now," said
Chairman Sullivan last night, "and we an
ticipate a large and successful primary
election. The" issue is squarely Buckley
and' anti-Buckley, and we have with us
the decent elements of the party, who will
turn out at this primary if they have
never voted at a primary before. We are
having copies of the original rolls made
in ; proper and convenient form for the
use of the election officers. Further de
tails will be decided on during the next
few days."
. Samuel Braunbart says that in the
Twenty-ninth District there are 700 anti-
Buckleyites on the Junta rolls which jare
open for inspection, and that that is a
sample of the strength that is arrayed
against Buckley. Meanwhile the Buckley
ities smile and .predict that the coming
primary will be nipped by a frost.
The Ghirardelli Case.
Some important testimony was given in the
Ghirardelli case yesterday in reference to the
parentage of Mrs. Dominga Barbagellata, the
heir who is contesting the will. She was al
lowed' $2000 under the will, but she claims
she is entitled to an equal one-seventh.
Wong Sam Says He Was Slandered.
Wong Sam, a Chinatown merchant, declares
that he has had nothing to do with the Wong
Sing Hong case, and that his name has been
brought Into it by enemies. He made a state
ment of the case yesterday to Commissioner
Seacock. •■,-••■
JOY'S 7.. .... ... I-.,,....;:'
77:7 CURES :
JOY'S - HEADACHES \
JOY'S for the Jaded
JOY'S ...................
: cures :
''joy's'' : constipation:
JOY'S for the Jaded
JOY'S— :. v .......
7T7/z^./7; : CURES i .
JOY'S * ECZEMA 7:7
JOY'S for the Jaded
JOY'S ,-.' :.'...*.....:..-
-: stirs :
JOY'S y : THE LIVER ':
JOY'S for the Jaded
i
■ ,'z ■ '
I
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS. .. ... iv , ■ , -.- ■
POWERFUL INDUCEfENTS
pon .
TO-DAY'S TRADE!
As samples of the CROWD-BRINGING BARGAINS that are
making our GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE the most
successful of any sale San Francisco has, ever known we present a
variety of lines that are TO BE CLEARED OUT TO-DAY
AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE !
ALL-WOOL FRENCH SERGE.
At SFS Cents.
2500 yards 3S-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH SERGE, in green, gray, bronze
dahlia and mahogany, extra good value for 50c, will be placed on sale this day at
25c a yard.
BLACK STORM SERGE.
. ' ■ At. SO Cents.
800 yards 54-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, extra good value for 85c,
will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
BLACK FIGURED SATIN.
At 75 Cents a. Yard.
1500 yards BLACK FIGURED SATIN, in small and medium designs, marked down
from $1 to 75c a yard. :7'/ •"/ ;
GLOVES!" "GLOVES !
A-t 35 Cents.
1800 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES (genuine Foster hooks), in modes and
tan shades, former price $1, will be placed on sale at 35c a pair.
LADIES' WAISTS.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy striped flannel, box-plaited front, regular price $1
will be offered at 50c each.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES, made of fancy striped and figured flannel, sailor
collar, regular price $1 25, will be offered at 50c each.
MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS.
-At S% Cents. "T'/T
175 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, extra
large size, with neat designs and fast colors, regular price $1 50 a dozen, will be
closed out at SJ^c each.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS.
tl'T-:. At IO Oent<=t "E.a.c3.b.. .*
136 dozen LADIES' ALL-LINEN HEMSTITCHED INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS
regular price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed out at 10c each. '
hosiery!" . HOSIERY!
7 At 10 Cents a. -Pair.
90 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, high spliced heels and toes, assorted slate colors
warranted fast, worth $3 per dozen, will be closed out at 10c a pair. *
At as Cents a. Pair-.
120 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED REAL FRENCH COTTON HOSE, double
heels and toes, warranted fast black, worth $6 per dozen, will be closed out at 25c a
• . pair, all sizes.
PLUSH CAPES.
_A.t 47.50.
LADIES' PLUSH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with twilled silk, collar and fronts edged
with Thibet fur, worth $12 50, will be closed out at $7 50 each.
-At SIO.OO.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, of fine qu.il it v sealette, upper cape trimmed with band
of jet and edsed with marten fur; also Double Capes of sealette, with upper cape
edged with Thibet fur worth $17 50, will be closed out at $10 each.
FANCY TINSEL TABLE SCARFS.
At SS Cents.
FANCY TINSEL TABLE SCARFS, with fringe ends, value 50c, will be clossd out at
25c each.
At 35 Cents.
FANCY TINSEL MANTEL AND TABLE SCARFS, value 60c, will be closed out at
35c each. "P/p://':/
PICTURE FRAMES.
-•■■*■-•"••' At 1 0 Cents.
FANCY PLUSH AND IMITATION PICTURE FRAMES, value 25c, will be closed
out at 10c each.
CHILDREN'S BOOKS.
At lo Cents.
CHILDREN'S ILLUSTRATED STORY BOOKS, value 25c, will be closed out at 10c.
RUBBER GOSSAMERS.
At 85 Cents.
LADIES' RUBBER GOSSAMERS, in circulars and connemaras, value $150 will be
closed out at 25c each. '*■-.■■-, . .•:'- -■,:..-,'*'. "*■.-
At SO Cents.
LADIES' CLOTH RAGLANS AND CONNEMARAS, value $2 50, will be closed out
at 50c each.
/ff/ff^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Marmot Street corner of Jibs, /
S-A.3XT
KOC. TRIAL gETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants
i^^^S^^^^^^^\ We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
I||^jm^^pl!?av Set A— Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
I Vft^^i^<^>^ . B — lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Aov
£*-£[( S C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c *
D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
E— 5 Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc VOR
»(uO_F?^»fi^a. ft"JmMi Q— lo Elegant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c a. nm
>JtsS i cMa^W 'wv M "'l_-?' — 10 Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, «J> • '^ 3
a£>-*v 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, r Geranium, or
a/i/.»\7}^ - Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
'-s .« «;■« ■ gea, 1 Chrysanthemum ...; 50c _
M_*.R»«l ' 'rt f\ lfinlnt DlnntA m_% 3 plants New Calif. Violet,
r |fc^. 1 2 Wei Plants, 50c. *H3lsF' $2.09
tW^S^x^^^S^^^^^m ' White, 3 Mane Louise. , - 
l^o^^^^^-^_o*^ C ptl /] fi\t- mir Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
wSPS^j2^^^3j -JCIIU S.XJX uui complete list of our Flower, Veseta-
-♦>>« ■ hS HF ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
.. « W^P Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
-^-*r5 4 - ; iU** ,<il Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege-
tabieseeds. COX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco.^
m _^__ m ______^__^_______^____ '\' /- 411, 413 Sensome Street
IMS HOUSE, f=f \\ ire and Hair Mat-
■■..- , 1 Wire and Halt Mat-
< ClTAaVii''n_*f_-_Ti TI O. *"■ _r... tresses, Reclining
-an/ ASninSTOll, J_V. «-*• f,'|H[> Chairs, Wheel Ctia'.rs
: • The Hof , " Par Excellence" llllli . s..::P.m Commodes, Back Res.,
Tho Hotel "Par -Excellence" jljlll i ffryftTa
the -National CapitaL First class in all appoint- ; Willi \ Ifi M W. A. SCHROCK,
xnents. U. DkWITT. Treas. Jj;a^ ~MiiiiU-I 21 '
American plan, $3 per day and W **-'t~'~Tj N ?J*' Montgomery
<.»»..-._« i *^ St., under '.mud
Upward. . I Hotel. 8. F.
la^^7H. HiS «*wT (S» ttonoi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you 0/ all ner-
IJ® \ > "' ~/\\' y or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
Iv^rfß* "^- (S» tioi *ol a famous French physician, will quickly cure you 0/ all ner-
V%\ jc\)\ r S '. \\ y on a or dtaeases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
18 Va hgtSV ■ Vi - sfsHM Insomnia, Pains in the Back, Seminal £ missions, Kervans Debility.
US l _V^ X V BQ*?' Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhaustin;,' Drains, Varicocele and
am - V";' r : .. V -/Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
S3 =-.>-/:.'v / >^3fc«_^ ness of discharge, which if not chPcfeed leads to Spermatorrhoea and
• H BEFORE MB AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. CirPISJESEcIe-U-aes the liver, tha .
■ bb.UHbinDHtltH kidneys and tho urinary organs of aU imparities.
.•-."■■ :t CITPIDEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
■ The reason sufferers are not aired by Doctors is because ninety pep cent are troubled with
_Proctai_ti*. CDPIDEKEis the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimoni. '
•■ - mis. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not eaect a permanent cura
fl.oo a box, six for 5.00, by mall. Send for tree circular and testimonials. /- _
Address DA VOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street. San Francisco, Cal. For Sale by
■",.--.'.';• BKOOKS" PHARMACY, 119 PoweU »U*X
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET-*.
Wheat Freights off again.
Sugar advanced. _..,-,,.
Overland Shipments In December 24,131 tons.
Wheat quieter hut stronger.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Beans dull. Alfalfa Seed higher.
Hay quiet.
Corn products firmer.
Onions quiet.
Butter and Cheese still scarce.
Eggs slightly lower again.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Game sold.off well.
Choice Apples firmer.
Oranges weakening.
Dried Fruits motionless.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides at usual.
Choice Potatoes steady.
WEATHER REPORT BUREAU.
United States Department of Agricui^
tube. Weather Bireait. San Francisco, Jan
uary 23, 1896. 5 P. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
i he following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of the same date last season:
>; ure ka . last season 28.73: Red Bluff 10.35,
last season 22.27; Ban Francisco 9.50, last season
19.66; Fresno 3.14, last season 9.62; san Luis
Obispo 9.94. last season 20.44; Los Angeles 4.19,
last season 11.19: San Diego 2.24, last season 9.49;
Yuma .32, last season 2.99.
Baa Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 45, mean 43.
The area of low pressure, which was central this
morning off the coast of Washington, has moved
with considerable speed and Is now central over
Northwestern Montana and Northern Idaho. The
pressure at Spokane to-night is 29.63 inches. An
area of moderately high pressure has appeared off
the coast of California, or perhaps, la simply an ex
tension of the permanent high that lies off in the
Pacific at this season to the southwest of Califor
nia. Light showers occurred daring the early part
of the oav. but the weather to-night is clear, or
fair, along the entire Pacific seaooard. Snow is
falling at Baker City and Spokane. The tempera
ture has remained stationary over the entire coun
try west of the Hocky Mountains. It has fallen
more than 3 deg. in Montana. The Sacramento
River is 24.3 feet and is risipg and will probably
reach Its crest. 25.0 feet, within the next twenty
four hours. At all the upper station, and along
the tributaries the stage is falling.
Forecast made at miii Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 24. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Friday; northwesterly
winds.
Southern California — Fr.ir Friday; westerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Cloudy Friday.
Arizona— Cloudy and threatening Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
westerly winds.
A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.— railway and
miscellaneous market was quiet a^-ain to-day and
the general run of active issues were lower. A few
stocks, notably Manhattan and Sugar, were strong
and closed with net gains. The other prominent is
sues were inclined to weakness throughout and
lacked support. In the early trading London,
which had been a buyer on previous days of the
week, turned up as a seller of St. Paul and Louis
vilie and Nashville, the result of rumors current
abroad of an alliance between Russia and Turkey,
which complicates the European political situa
tion. -*.".
Sterling exchnnce.also strengthened, because of
au increased demand for Saturday's mail posted
rates for long bills were advanced Vie. I 'his also
affected the stock market adversely. The loss in
prices O'dside of the industrials, however, wa-i
slight. Tobacco was a particularly weak stock,
und fell from 78 to 71 "i- - *;; on reports that an anti
trust bill will be introduced in the Virginia Legis
lature. Sugar first advanced from 103S/8 to 104,
but later returned to 102;"- .'a 103. in sympathy
with the break in Tobacco. Leather preferred fell
1 to 61V";. Rubber * s to 28* 2 ana General Electric
1 to 26^%®26.
The weakness of the las! named was due to
semi-oflicial denials of the recent reports of a work
ing arrangement with the Westinghouse people.
Railway stocks were lower, but the decline in no
case exceeded a point. Manhattan was stronger
than for a long time past, and on covering of slior.
contracts rose to 102' ■-. The market closed barely
steady in tone. Net changes showed declines of
Vi®V'a outside of Manhattan, which gained 15/ 8
percent. The Industrials, with the exception of
Sugar, lost 3 ia,2i^ per cent. Sugar gained 5%.
Bonds were irregular but in the main lower.
Sales footed up 91.335.000. Hocking Valley eon
tfl fives rose 3Vij to bs ; . Iron Mountain seconds
1 to 101. : o ii..v,.'.e. New Albany and Chicago gen
eral livea-lVj to 68, Beading second preferred 11..
tolb 1 ;.-, Beading thirds 1% to 13> ; , and Beading
general fours 1' 2 to 863 4 . Kansas Pacific consols,
certificates, fell 3 to 70. Kan .--as -and It-its seconds
IV* to 3^. Minnesota and St. Louis consol fives
•..'l-2 to 9li, Jflttsbur? and Western fours -, 2 to 74.
In Government bonds $7000 of coupon lours of
1907 sold at 109' 2(3 110 and $23,000 of coupon
fives at 113®113i 8 .
Grain.
. FLOUR— Steadier: moderate demand. Winter
Wheat, low grades. $2 30&2 70: do fair to fancy.
*2 80®3 45: do patents, S3 45®3 80; Minnesota
clear. $2 50®3 15; do Straits, $3 _..> 40; do patents,
53 20®+ 20: low extras. Si 30®2 80: City Mills,
«4@4 10; do patents. S4®4 25. Rye mixture, $3 40
@3 80; superfine. $2®2 20. southern flour— Quiet,
steady; common to lair extras, *2 :.o'<£2 90: good
to choice do, S3 a3 20. Bye flour— Quiet, stead y,
$2 40®2 85. Buckwheat flour, $1 25.
BUCK WHEAT— 3BI-ijC delivered.
COBNMEAL— Nominal; yellow Western, *2 25®
2 30: Brandvwine. $2 25.
BARLEY— Nominal; No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39®40c.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHEAT— null, easier: No. 2 red. store and
elevator. 72»4®73c: afloat, 74@74V_,c; f- o. b..
63"/gft76Vic; ungraded red, 56®76c; No. 1 north
ern. 723 / 4 ®73.
Options advanced Vi@3sc on better cables and
foreign buying, fell ""iitslc on realizing and loiktw-
Ing the West, rallied 3 /8 c on covering and foreign
buying, closed firm aud unchanged to l.gc down
with a moderate trade: May and July most active.
No. 2 red. January. 71Vi_c; February, 71Vic;
March, 72c; May, 69 8 c: June and July, 69' 2 c.
CORN— Dull, easier; No. 2, 353 /4 c elevator; 36 3 /ic
afloat.
Options dull and @.%c lower on realizing and
following the West, dosing firm : May most active.
January. 353.gc; February, 35"/ 8 c; May, 35«ic;
July. 37' .
OATS— active, stronger. Options, dull,
easier. January and February, 241/4 C: May, 25c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 24s/ B i@24VJ._': No. 2 white, 26;
No. 2 Chicago. 25' 2 c: No. 3, 22% c; No. 3 white.
84*4 c: mixed Western, / - jc; white State and
Western. 25@28c
FEED BBAN-60@62V<!C
Provisions.
BEEF-Firm, Slo@l2. Beef hams, dull, $15 50.
Tlerced beef, quiet, steady, city extra India mers,
Sls 00®!7 00; cut meats, dull, steady; pickled
bellies, 12@14c; do shoulders, 6c; do hams, »V»
®9c.
LARD— DuII, firmer: Western steam. $6: city.
$5 50: January. «5 90; refined, quiet; Conti
nent, $6 25(0,6 60; compound, S4 75®5.
PORK— DuII, steady.
BUTTER— Fancy steady, fair demand; State
dairy, 16@19c; do creamery. 16®19c: Western,
creamery, 15@20c; do June. 14@18V_.c: do factory,
9@16y 2 c: Kleins. 20c; imitation creamery. 13@i
17c: rolls. 9®l4c
CHEESE— FairIy active, firm; State large, 714
@10V*c; do fancy, 10y 4 c; do small, 73A@10V*:
part skims. i®7c ; full skims, 2@3c.
EGGS— DuII, lower; Slate and Pennsylvania,
1 T@lßc: Southern, 16®16y g c; icehouse, 14@15y 2 C;
Western fresh. 16y2®17c; limed, 14e.
I TALLOW— Quiet, easier; City, 6 13-16 c; coun
try. 4@4y a c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Steadv: Crude. 24L«@25c
yellow, prime. 28V2®29c; do off grades. 27i, (<ti->Sc.
ROSIN— steady; Strained, common 10
good. *1 HO'al 65.
TCRI-ENTINE-jJull. easy; SlO3l*VM_
POTATOES— Quiet, steady: Sweets, S2*-il4 75.
BICE- Steady. Domestic fair 10 extra, 3®
6»ic; Japan, 334®4c
MOLASSES— Unchanged.
COFFEE- Quiet, unchanged to 10 points up:
January, $13 2,->®l3 30; February, $13 10; March,
Sl2 95®13: May, *12 60® 12 60; September,
fli 63@1170. Spot Rio, easier, quiet ; No. 7. 13"f/ a c.
SUGAR— Baw, dull, firm: fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugals, 96 deg. test, Mfcc. Refined, quiet,
steady: No. 6, 4-" ": No. 7. 4J- -; No. 8.
4 1-10': No. 9. 41/4 C: No. 10. 4 3 itic; No. 11,
4 1-16. ; No. 12, $ c; No. 13, 3 15-16 c; off A,
4 910 c: mold A, 514 c; standard A, sc; con
fectioners' A,4%c; cut loaf and crushed, /8 c
powdered and cubes, 514 c; granulated, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS-Aprlcots, 9ai®l2c.
f.^».r, I -' 8 7: PePk ' (1 15c: <i° unpeeled oJ/.(aßV_ic.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 5 Vie
RAISINS— London layers. 85c@Sl 25; do
loose Muscatel 3-crown, 3V*®3V_|C; dodo 4-crown
4V4@sc. ,
ALMONDS— NominaI; paper-shell, ll@12c; do,
eofHihell, 9®9ior. M " ' '
WALNUTS— Nominal; standaid, 6iA®7c- do
soft -shell. 2 ®loc. tv&'x*.
HOPS— Dun. unchanged.
WOOL— Fairly active; firm, unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet: American, $11 76013 50.
COPPER-Quiet; Lake. $9 76@9 75 1 2
LEAD— : domestic, $3 02y 2 ®3 05.
TlN— Easy: Straits, Sl3 06@13 10; plates
moderate demand.
BPELTEK-Nominal: domestic, 84.
CHICAGO • MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. Telegraph service
was in a disabled condition this morning, and the
wheat market showed its dependence on it by dis
playing extreme dullness. Prices opened firm,
strength being carried over from yesterday, and'
the crowd showing a bullish sentiment. The open
ing and half hour Immediately following were
noted for liberal buying by * local scalper whose
purchasers were doubtless for an interest other
than his own. Liverpool cables were firm and
high, continental markets also reported gains.
The Cincinnati Price Currant summary had a bull
ish trend. Receipts at Chicago were 108. cars,
most of which represented transfers between ele
vators. Withdrawals from .store. were 29,285
bushels. Northwestern arrivals were 436 cars
against 423 las: Thursday, and 167 a year ago.
The selling pressure became heavier than the de
mand was able to withstand later in the session,
and prices receded. Export clearances from New
York and New Orleans amounted to 307,662 bush
___MHi_-iH-an_'.'.ii.j Vi ~ <'iii» .-niiiw/ .n-iwrfli-Hiiii.-fr-i-Mii- .-«_%- .*■_ -<J ,
els. Other ports were not heard from. May wheat
opened from 63' to 63c, sold between 6314 c and
■>2i/ (a62Vic, closing at 6234 c. ' .<• lower than yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 4.1 cars.
CORN— Was dull and showed but little firmness,
even the early strength of {wheat not exercising
much influence. The trading was mostly for local
account, few outsiders arriving, the crippled sta c
of the telegraph companies being thus apparent.
Receipts were 552 cars, and were 36 more than
expected. Liverpool cables were' firm and higher.
Withdrawals from store amounted to 63,410 bush
els. Export clearances at New York were 192.964
bushels. May corn opened at 29% c- sold between
29« 4 cand -t9*£c. closing at 29' ■•'■, - '»•: under year
terday. Estimated receipts lor to-morrow 466
cars.
OATS— Exhibited a very quiet disposition. The
business was dull and unimportant, and the tone
of prices easy, the weakness of corn being the in
fluence. Receipts were 167 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store. May closed unchanged
from yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 130 cars.
FLAX- Was steady. Cash, 92"/ 2 c. Receipts
were 22 cars.
PROVISIONS— upturn in hogs this
morning gave product a lift at the opening.
Whether it was lack of outside Interest or from
waning enthusiasm on the part of local specula
tors prices did not continue to advance, but settled
into a dull and steady position. Later, however, a
number of buying orders appeared, causing mod
erate advances. May pork closed 10c higher than
yesterday, May lard a shade higher, and May ribs
2"/jC higher.
Closing Prices. \
WHEAT- January, 601,4 c: May, 62*!ic; July,
63J/ 8 @63i.4c.
CORN— January, 27 Vic; May, 29t/ 2 c; July,
„(.__ 3o* c .
OATS-January. 18y c: May. 20' i(tf-20. »«c.
PORK— January, $10 35: May. $10 tii ! -
January, «6 65; May, 85 d' - /2 : July,
$6 05. : -.
RlßS— January, $5 05: May, $5 30; July,
$5 42-..
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6@7 per
cent on time loans. New York exchange sold at
25c premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lIX., Jan. 23.-The
wants of cattle buyers were few to-day, but th
small suDply kept prices from declining. The run
of hogs was light and prices held firm to 6c higher.
Packers were good buyers. Sheep were 10c lower.
The wet weather was against the market.
CATTLE — Receipts. 11.000. Fancy beeves.
$4 70@4 80: choice 10 prime 1301 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 25@4 60; Blockers. 600 to 900 pounds,
$2 60@3 50: cows and heifers, extra, $3 50(3,4
bolls, choice to extra, $3, .3 85; bulls, poor to
good. $1 So<i,2 90; COWS, tall to Choice, f 2 60(g3 40
Texas fed steers, $3@4 10. Texas bulls and cows,
$2 40@3 15.
Hot, Receipts. 24.000. Heavy packing an
shipping lots, $3 9."><'4 15; common to choice
mixed, $3 90@4 15: choice assorted, *4 10©
4 15: light. $3 90@4 15; Pigs. $3 26®4 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50&3 75; lambs, -53 25@4 60.
NEW YOUR STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
.;.■■ •.".' Shares.
Money on call w-as easy at 3@4%: last loan at 3%
and closing offered .at 3.V Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 67c. Mexican dol
lars, 52 ,ic. Sterling exchange was firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87y a @4 83
lor sixty days and $4 feHS,i(a,4 89 for demand.
Posted rate*. 54 88y @4 89V%. Commercial bill
84 86"&@4 87 : 4. Government bonds have been
lower; state bonds dull; railroad bonds quiet. Sil
ver at the board was neglected.
CIOEINO STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 93 [Norfolk * Wat. .. »*
Atchison Hx-X/jA Preferred 7 1 /*
Preferred '-1 Va North American...-' 4
Adams press. ..14fi Northern Pacific.. 3i
Alton, Haute. 56 ■ Preferred 12
American Express.llo Nonnwestern -'IPs
•American Tobacco. 75%, Preferred 144
Preferred 93Va N. Y. Central 961,4
BnvSlateGas 20 ,N. Y. Chicago**!. 131.
Baltimore & Ohio.. 38 ! st preferred 75
Brunswick Lands.. % id preferred 26
Buffalo. Koch &.V. 10 ._ N. V.* N. 1&0
Canada Pacific... 0.-S' ■, ! N. *_ . & New Eng. 45
Canada Southern.. 48V 3 IN. Y. susu. <fc W... 9L
(anion &0". 8 j Preferred 25
Central Pacific.... 14*/ 2 Ontario 10
C'hes.AOhio 1 4 ">„ Ontario & Western. 1 3%
Chicago Alton I*> 3 Oregon Improvmu 2". B
Prelerrea 170 | Preferred
Chicago, B. <£<-_.... 7 -Sg Oregon Navigation. 12
Chicago Jt E. 111... 4 1 '; 4 Oregon Short Line. 5'
Preferred 93 Pacific Man Zt>~\_
Chicago". as 643/ Peoria, JJ. A Evans. 3
Cleve«S Pittsburg. 158 .Pittsburg &XV pfd. 18
consolidation Coal. 29 Pullman Palace. ..152
Consolidated as.. 145 iQuicksilver iy a
C. C. C. & St. Louts. 34 l , 2 Preferred 15", 2
Preferreu i^ft Reading VSfo
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 20 KloGrandedtWestn 13
Preferred 100 Preferred 42
Cotton Oil Cert 16 Rock Island 65%
Commercial Cable. 140 Rome Wat <tOgdenll6
Del. Hudson I-514 St. L. Ji S. W 434
Del.Lackd_.Wes.ernD 0 I Preferred 10" \
Denver <JtR. G...... liVi'Et.Paul...... 68*
Preierred „.. 44 i Preferred 126
Distillers 1 5 1 2 Bt. Paul A Duluth. 23
General Electric... 26 I Preferred «5
Erie 14' 4 St. Paul & Omaha.. 3.:
Preferred 2_ 1 . 2 ' Preferred 118
Fori Wayne 160 St. P. M. <fc 31 109
Northern 110 silver certinc-it 67%
Green Hay y 3 Southern Pacific. 19V 3
Harlem 280 .toutnern R. _4,
Hocking Coal 1 I Preferred 2t_. r .
Hocking Valley... 1814 Sugar Refinery. ... lo2 8
Homestake 28 I Preferred 96 '4
11. & Texas Cent... IVi Term. Coal <fc Iron. 2o»/.
Illinois Central.... 94 I Preferred....;.... 100
lowa Centra! 7iVTcxas Pacific 7%
Preferred 27 ,1 oI.A.A.Jfc N.Mich.
Kansas & Texas. ._ '0s 4 ';ol. <£ Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred.. 243/ Preferred 65
Kingston A Pern... 3 loi. St. Louis <& K.C. 6
Lake Erie .tWestn 19 1 Preferred 14
Preferred 601-* Union Pacific :.'.,
Lake shore 141i A, I . P.. Den. a Uult, 8 !
National Lead 231/j C .S. Cordage f> l *
Preferred 83 I Preferred 10
Longlslana 81i->i ■ Guaranteed 20
Louisville A Nash. 443/JU. S. Express 38
Louisville Na<fe Ch. 9V_,;C. S. Leather 914
Preferred Is Preferred 613.1
Manhattan Consol. I<>2 U. S. Rubber 2*.
Mempnts «t Charls. 15 ' Preferred 85
Mexican Central. 9 t'tlca <t B. River. .lso
Michigan Central.. 94 [ rt'ah. S. L. <fc Pac.. o'.
Minnas. x, ..— — -Preferred i«j '
Preferred — ! Wells- l-'arco 95
Minn, it St. L com. lSi 2 Western Union.... 82Vfc
Ist preferred 74 WlsCentra, 3 I
2d preferred 48 Wheeling &L. EL. 11
Missouri Pacific.. 2*3.,: Preferred 36Vi
Mobile Ohio 22 Am Cotton OU pfd. M
Nashville Ciiau.... 65 XX' U Beef 7*/s
National Linseed.. 18 1 ,4 L I Traction-. 19
N.J. Central 98 1 /_ Ann Arbor
< in- 'vo Sfiym. '■■'- '.'
US 4s. Teg 108 MKT2ds 673,4
Do, 4s coupon... 108 y Do, 4s 83
C S new reg 113 Mutual Union 65.. .116
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..114 N J Cent Gen 65.. 114'
Do. 2s 96 . Northern Pac lsts.l
/Do, 6s Ul'/i Do, 2ds ion
Do. bs coupon ;. 113 Do, 3Cs. 63
Cherokee 4s. 1896. Northwest" Consols. 1 40* •.
Do. 1897 .100 Do. deb 5* 106%
D 0.1898 100 O RAN lsts... 107&
Do. 1899 It) Sti..tironMtGen6i 783,;
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... St L & SFGen 6s. 102
D.C.3-6 5s 110 ISt Paul Consols . .123
Ala Class A 4 109 ; St. P. C. <fc Pa lsts. 113
Do. C lass B 4, 55.11 l Do. I'ac Cal ists.,loß
LaConsol4s 98 [Southern R. R. 6s. 90
Missouri funding 1 Texas Pacific lints 85
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pac seconds. 191/2
Do, 48 10:. 15t0r96.101 '
Po Carolina 4y 3 5... 104 |\V est Shore 4s 10484
Term new 8- ! Mobile & Ohio 4s„ 65
Va funding debt... 59:*4 R tiranoeWestlsts 7414
J lO . J**-*" Ches AO 6s 106' ■>
Do, deferred 65... t>W Atchison 4s 731/ I
Do. trust rcpis st 5i/ 2 Do. 2dsA. -i-214.
Canada South 2ds.. 104»4 HAS A 65.... 108
ten Pac lsts of '9s 100 I Do. 2d 7s. loii
Den& R G 15t.....11iy h & Tex Cent'oJ!.lo7
, - , °-« H7Va, Do. con6s 104
rle2c, 72 Reading 4s 7tiy«
Kansas Pa Consols 70 j Missouri 6s 100
Kg Pa lsts Den dlvlo7 | , -
FOREIGN MARKETS.
- WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, End., Jan. 23.-The spot market
8 o higher ** t 63 7Vsd@ss Bd. Cargoes are firm at
28s 3d arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Winter; Janu
ary, 5s fli/isd: February. 6s 63Ad; March. 6s 7d-
April, 6s7d; May, ss7d.
SECURITIES. ','
LONDON, K.vo„ Jan. 23.— Consols, 107%: sil
ver, 306. d; French Rentes, 101f 85c. ■
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
■
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight...; ;. — '4 89
sterling Cables .-. M _ 89Vi
New York Exchange, sight...'..!'.".". Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine silver, "pounce _ 67
Mexican Dollars 531/4 64
THE NEW BONO ISSUE.
Henry Clews, the well-known New York banker,
thus speaks of the new bond Issue: "The an
nouncement of the dissolution of the syndicate re
veals the fact that the syndicate had received sub
scriptions amounting to 8200,000,000, which
amount was pledged to |be paid into the United
States Treasury as required, thus showing the sup
ply Of gold in this country ready to go into Gov
ernment bonds at a remunerative ' rate, and which
must be a surprise not, only at home but abroad.
After this exhibition of gold strength It will
scarcely be fair for European bankers and others
to continue their predictions that . the United
Stales Government will be unab'e to maintain gold
payments.. If any further evidence Is wanting to
show the great financial strength of this country
as compared with others, the following. facts will
be conclusive:
■ '■„ ■ ■ ' ■■ • ' ■ ■-• ■. . • ■ 9 Per
Country. Population. «, Debt. Capita
Austria- Hun- >■ - ''■■
, I")' • 41,827,700 $2,866,339,5 39 $70 84
France ; 38,218,903 4,446,793,398 1 116 35
l-Jormany j 49,421,064 1,9.^6,2X7,017 39 58
Great Britain . ... rv .
- »na Ireland. 37,880.764 3,350,719,563 87 79
i ta| y--" • j 29,699.785 2,324,826,329 76 0*
» lussia 113.354,649 3,491,018,074 30 79
aln - • ; 17,550,216 1.261,453,696 78 85
Lnited States. | 69.000,000 915,962,112 14 63
Debt.
•4
l«l
I .-■-.. the passage of the increased revenue bill now |
In the Senate will carry the Government out of the
present deficiency rut. lam quite of the opinion J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
that the aggregate of bids will be largely in excess
of the $100,000,000, and will average in price over
110 for the bonds." t . ■ .' [;
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments to the' East from Northern
and Central California via Southern Pacific lines in
December were 24,131 tons, as follows: j From San
Francisco, 10,169 tons: Oakland. 1557; San" Jose,
1856; Stockton, j 4486; Sacramento . and East,
4862; Marysville, 1211. * • . *
The leading items were: 576 tons Beans, 660 do
Borax, 66,750 gals Brandy, 1,180,500 do Wine,
1495 tons Canned Goods, 71 do Fresh Fruit. 780
do Citrus Fruit. 3119 do Dried Fruit, 95 do Nuts.
3127 do Raisins, 168 do Hides," 531 do Leather, 90
do Honey, 334 do Hops, 477 do Powder. 44 Quick
silver, 376 do Canned Salmon, 45 do Pickled Sal
mon, 28 do Vegetables, 1118 do Wool, 146 do
Coffee, 380 do Tea, 38 do Rice and 683 do Sugar.
IMPORTS OF MERCHANDISE.
Imports of foreign merchandise at San Francisco
in December were $2,589,797. including $1,093,423
from Japan, $647,137 from China and Hongkong,
$157,858 from British Columbia, $135,136 from
Great Britain, and $110,982 from the Hawaiian
Islands. The total for the month was $380,874
less than. for the same month in 1894. The im
ports for 1895 were 838,925,600. against $38,514,
--700 in 1894.. Of the imports during 1895, $10,
--434,720 came from Japan, $5,990,000 from China,
$6,982,900 from the Hawaiian [stands, $3,871,600
from Great Britain and $2,823,000 from Central
America. . -
The imports for 1894 were the smallest in many
years, and the total for 1895 was only $410,900
larger than 1894. The most important gain was
from Japan, amounting to $1,163 000. There was
a decrease of $37,000 from China and Hongkong.
There was also a marked decrease from the Ha
waiian Islands, amounting to $1,889,575, due to
the diversion of half-a-dozen cargoes of sugar di
rect from Honolulu to New York, because satisfac
tory arrangements could not be made for shipping
the same nence to New York by rail as In former
days. ■ ■ . '-y-, v i
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port in 1895 were
$3,434,300, against $3,572,400 in 1894. The de
scriptions imported in 1895 include $1,506,918 in
gold, of which $865,301 was in foreign bullion and
$1,927,379 in silver, of wh1ch|5707,374 was in for
eign coin, presumably -Mexican. The above Im
ports include only such specie as arrived here by
water and was entered at the Custom-house. A
much larger amount was received direct by rail
from Mexican and other foreign sources.
PRODUCE MARKET. . I
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Bariillan takes for Cork 81,743
C'.ls, valued at $90,000.
There was a lull in the purchasing movement
yesterday and futures were off in the morning." but
subsequently advanced to a still higher point. Spot
Wheat, continued quiet, but firm at full figures. |
No. 1, $1 08%®! 10 "f. ctl; choice, $1 11' 4 ; lower
grades, $I®l 07 1 -; extra choice for milling, $1 16
®1 20. "
■Jpz: ;4: CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session —10 o'clock — May— soo
tons, $1 13%; 2500. SI 133*. December-100,
$1 loTg: 100. 91 16«4.
Regular Morxino Session— May— 3oo tons,
*1 13V4: 100. $1 13Vs: 400, SI 13%: 1000,
.•"1 13**; 200, $1 136/ 8 . December-100, $1 15V 8 ;
100, "51 15%- '
Aeteknoox skssi >x— loo tons, $1 14;
100, SI 14* A: 200, *. 143/,.; 100, SI 14%: leoo,
$1 14 V*. December-100. *1 16; 500, SI 16%. '
BARLEY— Quiet and unchanged. Feed, 67Vb®
70c; choice, 71V*<"; Brewing. 76082* c; Cheva
lier, $1 10@1 20 for No. 1 and 750®5l j. ctl lor off
grade. .
CALL BOARD SALES. .
. Informal Session— lo o'clock— No {.ales.
Regular Morxino Session— No sales.
. Aft knoox session —No sales.
' OAT..— No change to report. Milling, 77V 2 @B.'_c:
fancy Feed, 85®90c; good to choice, 77Vs®85c
%. <ti; common to fair, 65@75c V ctl ; Gray. SO®
Ssc: Bed, for seed, $I®l 10; Black, for seed, SI 10
(£1 30: do for feed, 75®S5c; Surprise, 95c@$l 05.
CORN— market continues dull. Large Yel
low-. 90c ft ctl; small: Bound do, 90c; White, 82 Vi
(ftßf>C "(. Ctl. .%>;_- _*!_■ r~p-'-.
lIYK-75@80cTJ.ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at 85e@?l *# ctl, ac
cording to quality. . .-.;;.... '.-.•
FLOCK AND MILLSTUFFS.
- FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras,*:-? 65@3 75; Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65;
superfine, $2 50©2 60 V bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Corn, $20: Cracked
torn. $20 50 f. ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Priees In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
- ■'■■ ■■; Bye ITour, :.i x-: Rice Flour. 7y 2 c;. Corn- i
meal, 2S/4®3c: extra cream d 0,"3y 2 e: Oatmeal,
3»ic: Oat Groats. 4 Vic: Hominy, 4®4V4c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3i' 2 c: Farina,
4 I L .< ■; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Boiled Oats. 4y 2 c;
Pearl Barley, 4 Vic; Split Peas, M&c; Green do,
5 Vie %. lb. 'p ■._; . y
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
. ,
BRAN— SI2@I3 *£* ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6®I9 for lower grades up to
t'Xv 50 f. ton for the best. --."-"- ss .?-. i.-
FEEDSTUFFS— BoiIed Barley, $16®17 "j. ton:
Oll<ake Meal at the mill, $21 "j. ton; Jobbing,
$22 60: Cottonseed Oilcake, 821.
HAY— The market continues quiet, as the wet
weather hinders trade. Wheat Is quotable at SB®
12 50: Oat. B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat. S7 60®
1150 V ton; Barley, S7@9 50; Alfalfa, S6®9;
Clover. $6®B; Compressed, $7 50@11; Stock, S6®
7 50 «. ton.
STRAW- 35@60c "e- bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
• ' '
' BEANS— Bayos. $I@l 15: Small Whites. 51 25®
1 60: Pea, $1 50®1 65; Large Whites, $1 15@l 25;
Pink. 90c®fl 12y : Reds, $1 35@1 40: Blackeye, j
$1 75@1 85; Red Kidney, $1 75®1 90; Linias, I
$2 50(0.2 75; Butters, $1 60@1 70 f. ctl.
SEEDS — Alfalfa Is highe-. Brown Mustard,
$1 96A2 05 '? ctl: Trieste. S2®2 20; Yellow Mus
tard. $1 40@1 60; Flax. SI 70@1 76; Canary, 31/4
&&i/tc i* lb; Alfalfa 6Va®7c "*. lb; Rape, li-,
2c 'fi lb: Hemp, 4c "£
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at SI 25@1 50 '$, Ctl for
Niles. . - -
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
TOTATOES— Choice continue steady. Volunteer
New Potatoes, 1®11<2" . ij. lb: Salinas Burbanks, 60®
9l'c f.ctl: itlver Burbanks, 25®40c -,' sack: Oregon i
Burbanks, 50®75c; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 65®70c; I
River Beds, 4~S@sbc <£ ctl.
ONIONS— Are rather quiet atsl@l 10 "fl ctl; Cut
Onions, 80&90 c "j. ctl: Oregon. SI 25@1 35.
VEGETABLES— Khubarb, 8c "". lb Mushrooms
continue in overstock and weak at 4@loc fl lb, out
side figure for choice Buttons. Dried Peppers, 6®
10c 1. lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes. 60c@Sl "£. box:
Green Peas. s®7c «. lb; String. Beans. -; Dried
Okra, l-ftfcc; Cabbage, 40®".0c >. ctl; Garlic, 4® '
6c "£ lb; Marrowfat Squash, 516®20 *"* ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Turkeys continue to advance. An
other car of Eastern 'came in, selling at $5 50@6 ■
for Hens and Boosters. ,-■>."■
Live Turkeys, 12®13c for Gobblers and 12®1
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 1 ii%! "p. lb; Geese, "p.
pair, $1 25(ftl 75: Ducks. $5 60®6 50: Hens, "54® i
6:. Roosters, young, $4 50®5 PO: do, old, $4@4 60: j
Fryers, $4 50.6,5; Broilers, $4 50 for large and
$3@4 for small; Pigeons. $1 50@2 "£ dozen for j
young and 91®1 25 tor old.
GAME— Hare, $I®l 25 V doz: Rabbits, $1 26® '<
1 60 for Cottontail's and 75c®$l for small : Gray
Geese, $2 50; While Geese. 75~c@$l; Brant. $1 25
Al 50: Honkers. S3; English Snipe, S2®2 50; Jack I
Snipe, $I@l 25 V dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS. -
BUTTER— The market continues almost bare at
unchanged quotations.
Creamery— Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 25@26c
y- lb.
•Dairy— Fancy. 24®25c; good to choice, 22®
23c; lower grades, 18®21c.
CHEESE— FIats show some Improvement again,
being in very lUhl supply. Fancy mild new Is
quotable at liy a ®l2c: common to good, 2 @loc:
Cream Cheddar. ll®12c; Young America, ll'<->'i2c;
Western, ll@12c; Eastern. 12@13c lb.
EGGS— There was another decline yesterday,
though stocks were not heavy. Eastern, 18@20c;
store Eggs, 17®18c: ranch Eggs, 19@21c "fl doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Choice Apples show some
improvement. Apples, 85c@Sl "#* box for good to
choice. 60@75c for common to fair and 51 25®
1 60 for fancy: Siskiyou Apples, 75c@Sl 60.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranees are weak and rather
tending downward, the demand being poor. Or
anges, SI 25@1 50 "ifl box for Seedlings and $1 60®
2 60 I*l box for Navels; - Japanese Mandarins,
$1 25@1 60 t* box; Lemons, fl@l 60 for common
and S2®2 60 for good to choice: California Limes,
75c "fl box; Mexican Limes, 85®6; Bananas, SI
®2 V bunch; Pineapples, t'l 50@5 %. dozen. -
DRIED FRUITS! RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FKUITS— following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: ": ■ . -
Carload Xors— Apples. 2y 3 @3cs. lb for quar
tered, 3®3y 3 c "fl lb for sliced and 41,4 c3. lb for
evaporated; Peaches, 3y a @4c "91 lb, and 6Vi«6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, 11/?'*I 1 /?'*
RVjc for prime to choice, OV^c for i fancy and lo®
lie "fl lb for fancy Moorpark; Fig*, black. 2@2i/.c
for unpressed: WhlteFigs. 3Vs@4c in sacks: Pears,
7c "fl lb for evaporated halves, 4®6V_ic "fl lb for i
quarters; Prunes. 3»4c: Plums, 4c "fl lb for pit
ted and l"/8®2y 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, s® 6c
"fl lb for prime to choice and BV3C for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— 4@4Vfec: Peaches. 3®
4c and 5c for faucy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y 3 c; I
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c "5. lb for 40@50'»
aDd 5c for 60@60's; Apricots. 6@9Vic for prime to
choice and 10@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs
black, ls / i@2Y c; White Figs, 3®sc; ; Pears. 6*/, c
tor evaporated halves and 3@5y 2 c for quarter*;;
Plums, Syjcior pitted and l®lVfcc> for unpitted;
Nectarines. 4@6c "fl lb for prime to choice. -■■■ ;
- RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES-Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers,: 86@90c box; four-crown, loose,
SS'aC th lb; three-crown. loose, 2 Vie; two-crown,
2c: seedless Sultanas, 3">4@4c: seedless Muscatels,
"Vx^'l^c; three-crown London layers. 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa dusters, »2 10@2 25-
Imperial clusters, t'l 60®2 75; Dried Grapes, 2*^c
%. tb. "..-:;-,.;.,, !.->. - ; .--... . •
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose. 3c; 3
crown, 2i4@2V 2 2-crown, 134®2c; Seedless Sui
tanns, 3-'' 4 ®4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2i^c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@Sl; clusters, $1 40@1 60:
Dehesa clusters, 82 25; Imperial clusters, fi 75:
Dried Grapes, 2y ? c. :.*:v
Chestnuts. 6®Bc ■ "fl lb; - Walnuts. 7®Bc
"fl lb for No. 1 hard and 9(^9Vj for sof (shell, job
bing lots; Almonds, 6®7Vac ior Languedoc and
2 (^loc for paper-shell. jobbing: Peanuts, 31/2® ■
4c -b. lb for California: Hickory nuts, 6@bc;
Pecans, 6c for rough anil 8c for polished; Filberts,
B(ai9c: Brazil Nuts, ; 7"4(aßc %i ib". cocoanuts,
$4 50@5 %. 100. va^ ..,
.HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c *£ lb for
bright and Bta9c *£ lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, s@s*~,c %. tb; light amber ex
tr?,c, .-l d ', 4 "* ( ? : * 1, "'* : dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWAX-24@!.7c "j. lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Prices show no further change.
Bacon. 6c for heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c for
light. 10c for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured :
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; California Hams,
flVi'SSlOc; Mess Beef, $7 "*. bbl; extra mess do, $8: I
family do. $9(s<? 60: extra prime Pork. $8 '£' bbl; j
extra ciear. $14 9. bbl; mess, $13 *£. bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9 y 2 C<oloc'g tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is quotable at 6c "_.
lb for compound and 7y 2 c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6y 2 c for compound aud 6c for pure;
half-bbis, 61/4C-. 10-tb tins, 7c; do 51b, 7@7".ic *£ lb.
COTTOBENE-7V4C in tierces and 8c f. lb in 10-
Ib tins.
HIDES, TAT/LOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c
*o>. lb; culls and brands, 6c "i" lb; medium, 6c: culls
and brands. sc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o@sV_c; culls and brands, 4@4i/ 2 c; salted
Kip, 5c « lb; salted Calf, 8c "t" lb; sailed Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands. 7®7y 2 c;
dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. jjtffiTc: dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20035 c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium. 16(cJ
25c; winter. 10@l5c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@
20c- each; Short wool, 20(&35c each; medium, 40
@50c each: long wool, Csc each. Culls of all kinds
about y 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3>*i@4c; No. 2, 3@
3V*c; refined, 5""4 c; Grease, 2%c ii. lb.
WOOl — We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon. 10@llc$. lb; San Joaquin and Southern, 8®
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c $i lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 4@6c %. lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 16: Wool Bags, 2 4 fit 26c.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 "J. ton;
New Wellington, $8 "ft ton; Southfield Wellington,
$7 60: Seattle, $5®5 60: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend. $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland. $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : c'annel.sß: Hock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 60 in I
bulk and $12 60 $ ton In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
has advanced its prices and now quotes as fol
lows, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushea, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 53,4 c; Dry Granulated, 6y c;
Confectioners' a,' sc; Magnolia A, 4y 2 c; Extra
C, 4s/gc; Golden C, 41,4 c; half-barrels, '/_.<. more
than barrels, and boxes "Ac more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
V gal. ty
SAN FRANCIS MEAT MARKET
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, si">f£6c: second quality,
4y 2 @sc; third do, 3y>®4c "ft lb.
VEAL— Large, s@£c~; small. 6®7c "$ tti.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6(a.6'/ 2 c: Ewes, 6c "ft lb.
. DAM Spring Lamb, -^-; yearlings, 7c "ft lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 'iWtf: for large and 3s/ for
small: dressed do, 4y 2 @si4c "ft tb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flonr.qr. sks ...... 14,423 Middlings, 5k5..... 240
Oregon 1.8 12, Hay. tons. i22
Wheat, ctls 61.256 Straw, tons 66
Oregon 5,040 Hides, n0... 258
Barley, cils 2,050 ! Pelts, udl.t 147
Oats, ctls 2,650 Wine, gals. 9.760
Beans, sks. 500 Butter, ctls
Potatoes, sks. 1,655 Cheese, cils 6
Oregon 708 Eggs. doz... ". 1,620
Onions, sks 394 Tallow, ctls 10
Bran, 5k5..... 1,928! Leather, r0115. ...- 64
• » •
THE STOCK MARKET. •
The market showed more strength yesterday and
there was a general appreciation of values. Con.
Cal. & Va. sold up to $2 50, Ophir to $1 45, Lest &
Belcher to 89c, Ha.c <fc Norcros -i to SI 30, Savage
to 38c, Occidental to 96c, and so on. Trading was
quiet, however. . j ?• .
NOTKS. '
Nat T. Messer, president of the Hale <fc Nor
cross mine, said to a reporter to-day: "There was
on hand at the mine up to Friday evening last an
accumulation of 416 tons of ore, the average car
sample assay of which was $77 per ton. On Satur
day the mine yielded three carload . of ore, assay
ing $118 per ton. on Sunday the yield was five
carloads, averaging $98 99 per ton : .on Monday it
was live carloads, averaging $88 65, and on Tues
day it was six carloads, the assay of which we
nave not yet received. The yield of the mine for
Saturday. Sunday and Monday, however, was
equal to thirteen tons of ore, ihe average surface!
car sample of which was $99 36" per ton, Which
amount of ore was added to the 4] ii tons previously
accumulated. By the end of the current week we
shall have probably in the neighborhood of 450
tons Of ore on hand, and .hall ship the ore to the
Brunswick mill for reduction. The prospects are
that the company will make a good profit on the
run. The mine continues to look well in the open
ings above the 975-foot level, and its prospects in
the part of the Brunswick lode which the company
owns is also good." .;.:.-::•■-
The following dividends are announced
The Merchants* Exchange Bank of this City, In
liquidation since 1875, one of $1 a share, payable
Immediately.
.The Boston and Montana Mining Company one
of $2 a share, payable February 20.
The Highland Mining Company of South Da
kota one of 25 cents a share, or $25,000, payable
since the 20ih.
The Homestake Mining Company of South Da
kota one of 25 cents a share, or $31,250. payable
on the. 25th.
The Mercur Gold Mining Company paid a divi
dend of $25,000 on the 20th.
The Ontario Mining Company of Utah a divi
dend of 10 cents a share, or $15,000, payable on
the 31st.
The Quincy Mining Company of Michigan one of
$4 a share, or $200,000. payable February 17.
The weekly reports from the Gold Hill mines
are as follows:
Kko. Bei_chek.— On the 300. level the joint
Belcher and Sep. Belcher west crosscut from the
south lateral drift is out 240 feet; the face is in
porphyry and quartz, the latter giving low assays,
and the joint east crosscut from the south lateral
drift on the sum.- level has been stopped for tho
present. On the 1200 level— this level Is being re
opened for the purpose, of opening up the streaks
of ore found on tie 1100 level. There have Deen
hoisted during the week and stored in the ore
house at; the mine 12 mining carloads of ore, the
average top car sample of which shows an assay
value of $18 96 per ton. Have shipped to the
Brunswick mill for reduction during the week 89
tons of ore, the average battery sample of which
so far is $20 66 per ton.
Con. luramxt.— joint Challenge and Im
perial west crosscut from the surface tunnel Is out
222 feet; the face is in porphyry. . .
'Crown Point.— The southwest drift on the 600 ,
level has been extended 19 feet since last report,
and is now out a total distance of 139 feet. The
north drift on the' eighth floor of the stope above
the 700 level has been run 24 feet during the
week; the face is in low-gran quartz. The work
on the 1100 level preparatory to raising Is very
nearly completed. Have been engaged on repairs
in the south drift on the 700 level and in the shaft.
Belcher.— There have been hoisted during the
week and stored in the orehouse at the mine 4>>
mining carloads of ore, the average . top car
sample of which shows an assay value of $29 59
per ton. Have shipped to the Brunswick mill far
reduction during the week 387 tons of ore. the
average sample of which is $20 03 per ton. The
returns In bullion from this ore have not as yet
been received, but will appear in next week's re
port. '
In the Bodie Consolidated mine for the week end
ing January 19 the east crosscut from the north
drift, 200 level, was extended 7 feet; face in por
phyry. North drift from above crosscut was ex
tended 9 feet. Have about 3 feet of low<grade
quartz in the face. South drift, same point, was
extended 10 feet. The quartz in the face is about
18 inches wide, of low grade. East crosscut from
Gildea vein, 300 level, was extended 21 fot; face
is in porphyry. Upraise from south drift from
above crosscut was extended 10 feet: face in por
phyry. South drift from east crosscut, 200 level,
was extended 11 feet: face is in porphyry.
In the Mono mine for the same week the east
crosscut from the south drlH, 400 level, was ex
tended 7 feet; the face Is in porphyry.
BOA I: if SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Franclsoo .
Btocic Board yesterday:
RBOI.I.AR UOItNIN-n ISK^STON COMV -CNCINO 9:30.
7,9,?, Chollar "" 60 100 Mexican.. 60 400 Savage. ...33
200 CCA V...y.40 600 Occidtl.'... 9 800 ....34
? « _£» C -.-''"' 50 0phir.. .1.35 ,100 Union. . . 37
?nH " AN -1-25 200 0vrmu....19 100 V Jackt..4s
100 ___entck....o7| '■..-_
AJTKRNOOS- SKS3IO* — 2:30.
-«_.£'?-•-- 21500 U&C... . 54400 Overmn.,lß
vol. Belcher -- 2 « 400 H&N.. . 1.30 100 Potosl.. . .66
jJU" -; •• 30*00 lowa.. 02 200 57
300 B & ■**• " ' 88,500 Justice.... o2|loo Savage....
*"'> ;•', ,; 40 ° MMlcan..OT 600. 38
2nn i,! 01 , 1 ,"-::- 83 ;5 -- Mono 061300 **& 8e1....09
f»n?. *- ",'- ! ' 50700Occld "--»s| 50 ■•• 08
100 Crown P1.223000ph1r.... S Nev ... 46
200 i C...:.-.55| 100 a™™---".™? ""On C...41
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '.-.'■■*.'
Hi-(.i'.,AR HKMIfIX- 10;Ti.
19.9, A , ,tlna '-- 60 Confld 99|20000ccid....95
do,, Alt »- 10 60 ° Con 1 m.... 02 150 0ph1r...1.40
2 unites 19 300 C N V.....06200 Ovrmn. ...19
*.*.. 5 '*£er....26:800 ** Feint. -.22 800 Potosl 63
450 8&8......84!450Excnqr...07 400 ............55
"'•,•"-.• 85 400 0& 0 62 1100 Savage. .3l
100 0d1e.. ...34 100 HAN 1.22"/. 300 ......... .. 32
1«°, •••' -.40 200 ........ ..1.2S 900 ..;.... .....33
• s!K ■■■•■ — 41600 Julia :.....02 800. ....... 34
in?, £u1110u....17 100 Justice. ...03 600 Scorplon.,o2
fSS , ", lv% ; er " 15 600 ........ ...04 300 S B<t M...09
. Ji,, J-, ale ' lR 09:300 Kentuck..o7 400 S.Nev.. . 44
?«J. J'' ialI «*e —•*■* 600 Mexican..6o 500 8 Hi 11...... 03
100Ch0..ar....58900 Occld 90 300 Union C...48
800 ....... 60 150 .*.... 021100 Utah 08
isocciv:.-^ 700 mj«» *.■«*«..«
AS-TERMOON .B-CSSIOX— 2:33.
i?,?. Alpha 24 200 Ch011ar....81, 200 Occidtl..
}&■_•• .22700 ............63200 .92
.^" Alt 5 -10 350 CCdcV.. 2.451160 Ophlrl.42i;.
{?% Andes 21400 ..;... -....2.60 ....-.-.„. .1.4R
J™ • ......23 160 ...... .2.47% 800 Ovrmn..
iJJH D ",-"--- 22 aOO C P0int.... 22 200 P0t05i.....66
200 Betcner... 26^,00 23000 ............67
t--.ii ..* "u "■ 2 5 500 Exchqr....o7 600 Savage....3s
250B& ""* 86:400 0«fcC..... .54 1000 .....;. ...36
">?, •—• •••••••B"|4ooH<feN'...l.Sosoo ............ 37
ofmiT*.."-— - ? 2 00 ........1.27 :..... 38
200 80die. ..;-ll 600 Mexlcan..6;-,200 SB* M...10
con T> *- 11 V— « 6 00M0n0......06 300 S Nev..'.. 48
?«...?o l -.- """ 1 - 4300 0ccidt1.. ..98 2000 Union ...40
imw Bu !, -'-' 0400 ...... . . . ..96 300 V Jacket..46
300 Cballnge..3s 800 ...........95 400 ... .47
100 Confl ...1.00 300 ...;. 9. •■"";"*.-*•
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
7 THURSDAY. Jan. 23-4 P. m.
■4. -■' Bid. A sired.; ' Bid. Ashed.
Alpha Con 21 22' Jack50n........ — 40
Alia 09 10; Julia :....... 01 02
Ande5.......... 20 21 Justice.. 02 03
Belcher 28 29 Kentuciu 06 07
Best & Belcher. 88 89 Lady Wash.... • — 01
BentonCon.... _ 40iMexican ...... 63 64
Bodie 41 42 Mt. Diablo 1» 20
8u11i0n.;.... 17 18, Mono ...... 05 06
Bulwer _ 18 20 Nevada Uiioan. — 05
Caledonia 09 10 Occidental 91 93
Challenge Con. 36 37.0phir ....1.40 1.45
Chollar... 62 64 Overman .:... 18 19
Con. Cal. i Va. 2.45 I'otosi 66 56
Cou. Imperial. 01 03 Sava_te;........ 35 37
Confidence 1.05 1.10 t-eg. Belcher... 08 10
Con.NewYork. — 06' Sierra Nevaia. 46 47
Crown Point... 23 24 S. corpion 03* —
East-sierra New — 04 Silver Hill 01 03
Exchequer..... 06 07 Silver King.... 20 —
Eureka Con 25 — -Syndicate.. .... 02 —
Gould Curry. 63 65 Union Con 39 40
Hale JtNorcrs. 1.25 1.30 Utah........... 07 08
10wa..... 02 s —I Yellow Jacket. 47 48
STOCK AND ROND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY,, Jan. 83-2 r. xt.
rNHKD STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked.) ' Aid. Asked.
U8 4s coup. 107 V2 — JU S4s reg...107V4 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDT. - '•■ '- I .
Cal-stCbless. — 110 Do. 2d lss 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.lo6 — PAORy6s. — 108
CntraCWss. — 100 PA 6s. 102V4105y 2
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116%
EdsnLAP 63.106 — Reno. WLAL — 105
FACHRR6S.IOS 107 RiverW Co6s — 100
Gcarv-stßss.l"'3 105 ."actoP A L..100 1023,1
LosAngL6s. — 101 iSFANPRBSs 99"</ilol
Do,Gnted.6s. — 101%SPRRAriz6s — 95
Mkt-stCble6sl22 — |SPRRCoI6s..IIO —
Doßy(onss..loß 108'/ 2 iSPRR Cal&s.. — 97%
NevCNgßßs. — 100 SPBrRCal6s. 96 97V a
NPCRR6s.IO3y 3 — SVWater6s..l2oy l2l '
NRy Ca165.100% — SVWater4s._. 99Va 993/
NRyCalss. — 103 StklnGAE6s — 103
Oak Gas 65. .102 106y SunstTAT6s.loo —
Do, 2d iss 55.104V 2 — Sutter-stßss.loßy_illO
Omnibuses.. — 120 ViaaliaWC6s — 92
PacßollM6s.. — — | cr-77
WATER stocks.
Contra Costa 41% 46%! San J05e..... 76y a 96
Marin Co 49 — |SprlngValley '96% 97%
CAS BTt>CKS. ..'.■--.. r-
Capital — 39 Pacific Light. 46 48
Central...... 95 — San Francsco — 72%
Oak G LAID 5034 6 1%' Stockton. .... — 21%
Pac Gas Imp. 79 79 3
INSURANCE STOCKS. .*"■
FlremansFd.ls6y 167 |5un...... 68% —
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCK?.
AmerBATC. — — ILondonPAA.l2B —
Anglo-Cal... 68% — |LondonASF. — 30
Bank of Ca1.. 230 232 Merch Ex.... 12 —
CaISDATCo.. 58 61 y 3 Nevada — —: <
FirstNationl.l77 — ISather B Co- — — '■■'.:
Grangers — — I " ..
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
GerSALCo.I4IO — ISavALoan.. — 1021/;,
HumbSAL.IOOO — Security 210 210
Mutual.. 36 41% Union Trust. — 820
Union 480 490 i
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105s/ 8 — Oak.SLAHay — 103
Geary-st 60 70 Presidio ..... 5 —
Market-5t.... 44y 44y 2 Sutter-5t~.... — —
POWDER STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 15 — Judson — —
California.... — 98 IVigont. — 1
Giant. — 19 '
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 97% 99 OceanicSSCo 17y 22y a
BlkDCoalCo. '— ' 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — PacIANCo. — 30
Edison Light. 96 97 IPac Roll Mill 22 30
Ger Lead to. 85 — jParfPaintCo. 6 7%
GasConAssn. — — ' 'PacTrausOo. — 26
HawCASCo.. By l4 Pac TAT Co 66 —
HutchSPCa. 131/4 13% SunsetTAT.. 40 —
JudsonMfgC — — United C Co.. — 25
MerExAsdnlOO 110 1
!:'-i" '- mob visa BESSIO-T.
Poarrl— 6o Hawaiian Commercia', 8y 8 : 30 Pa
cific Lighting Co, 46: 20 8 F Gaslight. 72.
Street— loo SF Gaslight, 72.
■.-''■"■-. AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board-25 Hutchinson S P Co, 13%: 60 do,
133/g; SO S V Water, 97.
» * * —
THE CALL CALENDAR".
January, 1898. j
Tu. W. Th.
1 3
7 8 9
14 16 16
|21 33 j23
28 i 29 I 30 !
3
j Ba. !
I Moon* Phases.
4
i /7^i.Last Quarter.
, v *-' January 7-
—
10 !
11
I
17
M
' jjs&j New Moon.
ViP January J4
X»
! I
"5n
20
—
—
' i*\\h*lTHt Quartei
: v«4/ January 22.
If
-
25 |
i
I I
I 31 i
—
,\f\ Full Moon.
\£s January 30.
27
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates or Departure Prom San Fmnrf.co. I
STEAMUK. | DESTINATION |
SA I M.
I rirn.
Homer ii'ooa 8&y...'..> .lan 24. spm Oceanic
Btateot Cai < Portland Jan *J4.loam Pier
St .Paul NewDort Jan24. 9au Pier 11
Arra:a Coos Bay Jan'_'4.l2 u l"ler 13
Walla Walla Vic A Pgt Snd Jan 25. 9am Pier 9
Willamt Val Mexico j&n'2S.IOAU Pier 11
P0m0na..... Uumboldtßav Jan 26. 'Jru P:ert»
norona t-an Diego . Jan '_' •>. 11am Pier 11
Arnco Coos uar : Jan '.'6.loam Pier 13
Kurelca.;... KewMK ...... | Jan'2B. 9am Pier H
A Blancham Portland ;: ian'2B. 9am ner 13
Coptic China* Japan Jan 28. 3i-.m PMSS
■>an Bias Panama lan'2S,l2 m PXBS
Coluriibla... Portland Jan 519.1U.0i Pier 24
SantaKoia.. San 1)1p?0..... lan3O.llAM Pierll
Umatllla.... Vic iK t'r.i Hn i Jan 30. 9am Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STF.AMKK I From • j DUK
National Cily... i Humboldt I ..Jan 24
Homer/ ....|(.'oos m»v .......... j... fan 24
•South Coast Portland...... Jan 24
Arngo ...■ Coo* Bay.-...;. ..Jan 24
Alice Blanchani Portland Tan 'Jti
Corona San Dieec. : ..Jan 24
San Bias.' Panama....... . | ..Jan 24
Pomona. flumboldt Bav ! Jau 25
Costa Rica Ueparture Bay . .. , Jan 25
Washtenuw .... Panama..... Jau 2<>
Columbia. Portland ..:....:.....: Inn 26
Kureica.;.'.. Newport ...;.......:. ..Jan 26
Lmatilla ....... Victoria <.t Pueet Sound ..Jan 26
North Foric Humboldt Bay .. Jau 37
Peter Jebsen.... Nanalmo. i..Jati 27
Santa Kosa. i*an 1)1ee0_.. ;.."..'. Jan 2K
San.luan. Panama.. ...'.... Jan 29
Rio Janeiro.. China and Japan ..Jan '^9
ban Benito lacoma Jan 29
Crescent City. ..' Crosceut City^ ....... '..Jan 30
S>tf«ni ... Newport. ..;.-. ........... ■ ..Jan 30
sinteofCai . Portland...... L Jan SI
Cltyof Pnebla.. Victoria. & I'me; .sound ..Jan 31
Point i.om« Urav^ Harbor.. jan 31
Fnttti •
SUN" AN*l> TIDE TABLE.
WAIKH.ItOW WATJtS.
I su.s. |
ox.
■
.arce {.Small. i Large. iSmall.
5.52a 9.13P 1.38p,11.5«t-
- 2.80p; o.ooa
Klses' Sets Sets
j
7.20 5.2*1 a.lO*
7.19 15. '..'5 8. 5a
Sets
HYDKOGEAPHIC BULLETIN. I
Branch II YDROORAPHIcOFFICF.., U.S. N. *»
Merchants' Kxchanoe. >-
San FaA-SCIBCO, January 23. 189 R. )
The time hall on Telegraph Hili was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120t_i
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. it., Greenwich time.
■ A. F. Fechtelkr,
Lieutenant U. S. ST., In charge. . '
blllPPi-So IN'itLl.H_-_M._..
Arrived.
THURSDAY, January 2"".
Stmr Areata, Cousins, 84 hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdse, to O C <te N Co.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.. 25 hours from Port
Harfcrd; hallast, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Alcatraz, Deltmers. 6 1/2 days from Port
land, via Astoria 5 days: lumber, to P A Knell.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 9 hours from Santa Cruz,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ship Yosemite, Fuller.on, 22 days from Na
naimo, via Port Angeles 13 days; 1 1764 tons coal,
to Geo Kritch.
Brshlp Falls of Halladale, Fordyce. 100 days
from Swansea; 2975 ions coal, to J 1) Spreckels <fc
Bros Co.
Ship Roanoke, Hamilton, 215 days from New
York, via Rio de Janeiro 87 days; mdse, to Sutton
it Beebe. '-■
Bark Wi'na. Slater, 19 days from Nanaimo. via
Port Angeles 13 days; 2312 tons coal, to John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark Columbia, Gove, 23 days from Port Blake
ley, via Port Angeles 13 days: 700 M ft lumber and
laths, to Kenton. Holmes A Co.
Bark Gatherer, Nervtck. 12 days from Seattle:
2180 tons coai, to P B Cornwall. '..
Bark General Faircliild, Brannan, 11 days from
Nanaimo; . 2243 tons coal, . lo John Rosenfeld's
Sons. : '•'• •' •■ -
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, 14 i days from ■ Hono
lulu: sagar, etc.. to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
. Schr Lily. Bottger. 12 days from Umpqua: lum
ber, etc, to Gardiner Mill Co.
. SchrC H Merchant. Brannan, 14 days from Coos
Bay; £23 M ft lumber, to E B Dean A Co.
Schr Ivy, Mercer. 12 days fiom '.rays Harbor;
M ft lumber, to Union Lumber Co. .
Schr Crietco, Ostlln, 10 days from Eowens Land
ing; 135 M ft lumber, to F HeywoOd.
Bchr American Girl.. Weitskat, 11 days from
Grays Harbor; M ft lumber, to S H Harmon
Lumber Co.
Cleared. ■ /yP-.P,
7__. THURSDAY, January 23.
Stmr State of Callfomia.Ackley.'Astorla; Good
all. Perkins* Co.
Stmr St Paul, Duggan, San Pedro; Goodall. Per
kins A- Co.
•• Stmr Empire, Anderson, Astoria; N P S S Co.
Stmr Willamette, Cushman, Nanaimo; Oregon
Imp Co. ■
Ship Elweli, Ryder, Nanaimo; John Rosenfeld's
Sons.
' Sailed. ■ .;.
THURSDAY, January 23. ,
Stmr Noyo, Levtnson, Fort Bragg. fi /
Stmr Albion. Lundqulst: - : - ..
: Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth.' Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Br ship Celtic Bard, Jones, London;
Br ship Osborne, Scott, Hull. • -. __:.
-..-. Br ship O entinart, Lougmuir, Queenstown.
Br ship LaurUton, Latta, Newcastle, NSW.
Br ship llospodar, Kerr. Ipswich.
. Br ship Falls of Clyde, Title; Hull.
* Dan ship Copley, Struckmau, Queenstown. :
Ger ship Marie Hackfeld. Wolters. Queenstown.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen. Kahulul.
Schr Glendale.' Johnson, Clallam Bay.
Schr Jennie 'lhelin. Hansen, Eureka. /./■■-
Schr Jessie, Crawford, Astoria.
,-__; Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— Januarv 23—10 xt— Weather
hazy: wind NW; velocity 24 miles.
Char. or*.
The Br ship Enlomene loads mdse for Liverpool
direct: bark Helen XV Almy, mdse, for Osco3; Br
ship Glencnirn, wheat at Portland for Europe, 325;
j.r ship Simla, wheat at Tacoma for Europe, 32s
6d; bark Topgallant, lumber at Port Blakeley for
Shanghai.
The Br ship Bracadale is chartered for wheat or
flour to Sydney a. 17s, a decline. ..->.;>. p-.;
[ Spoken. - //'.Ty,
Per Br ship Falls of Halladale— Dec 9— Lat 55 20
S, long 63 08 W, ship May Flint, hence Oct 7, for
Bristol.
Memorandum.
Per Areata— Jan 21 at 10:30 am passed the stmr
Homer off N W Seal Rock with port shaft broken.
Domestic Ports.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA -Sailed Jan 23— Ship Dashing Wave,
for San Francisco. " . : , •_
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 22-Stmr West
port, hence Jan 22.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Pomona, hne
Jan 22. y'■:•
HUE.N'EME— Sailed Jan j 22— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 23— stmr Pasadena
from Eureka; Dark Ferris S Thompson, from
Roche Harbor; schr Bangor, from Port Gamble.
Foreign Ports.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Jan 22— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver.
AY" MAS- Arrived Jan 22— Schr Fred E San
ders, from Port Gamble.
importation*.
COOS BAY— Per Areata— s96 bxs apples, 425
tons coal, 708 sks potatoes. 2 pkgs mdse.
UMPQUA— Per Lily-1000 cs salmon, 5000 lbs
bacon, 170 sks potatoes, 79 bxs apples, 6 sits bark.
— M ft lumber, 39 picgs hides.
. MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l bx butter, 22
cs eggs. -Pry-pi :■■<■. -:p
Mom Cojo— 7s sks potatoes.
Watsonville— 2ss sks potatoes, 12 bdls brooms,
2 bdls broom handles. "_ • : 4z r:-
Monterey— bxs apples.
Santa Cruz— ll cs cheese, Ibx butter, 800 bbls
lime.
Consignees.
Per Lily— Tillmann & Bendel: Wetmore Bros; C
M Volkman; XV B Sumner <fc Co: Hulme <fc Hart; L
H Clay burg; Gardiner Mill Co.
Per Marshall, Teggart & Co; Dutard;
Hilmer. Bredhoff & Schulz; Wells, Fargo & Co;
McDonough & Runyon; Thomas Loughran: Immel
&Co; H Kirchmanu & Co: Garcia it Maggini; Nash
&Co; Eveleth <fe Nash: C A Co; M Detels;
Standard Oil Co; Jacobson & Lobree.
Per Gipsy— Standard Oil Co: Eveleth & Nash: L
Goodfriend; Dairymen's Union; Hills Bros; Stew
art <tCo: Dalton Bros; Herman Joost; Henry
Cowell; Campodonlco & Malcolm: Norton, Teller
& Co; L G Sresovlch & Co: Wbeaton, Breon & Co;
Baker & Hamilton.
FOr Late Shipping Intelligence See Thirteenth Page.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAIfI
CUT RATES
— — TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
_Plr»t Class $8.00
Second, Class. dQ.OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
QOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO..
General Agents.
O. R. c*3 IST.
TO
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 29
Slate of California sails February 3
GOODALL, PERKINS .t CO., Genl. Supts.
P. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A&
Broadway wharf, san Francisco, as "^"fflir
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlnr. Wrangel. Jnnean. Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. vs., Jan. 15, 30,
Peb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belling-iam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it.
Jan. 6, 10. 15, 20, -15, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with j
the C. P. R. P... at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., |
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with |
Alaska steamers. - . .-"'•>'•'_
For Eureka, Areata aad Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. it., Jan. _!, 0, 10, 14, I
18, 22, '20, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterev, San Simeon, Cayucos, ;
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa |
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeiesi ana Newport, at 9 a. it.. Jan. |
4.8. 12, 16, 20, 21, 28, and every fourth day ;
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M., Jan. 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, san Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz, Aluta and Gnaymaa (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Vailev, 10 A. it.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market »U. San Francisco.
OCEAIfIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
ifiJ-_-_Bf|g|ifc L'oolgardie gold fields
_r^3*r TO (Freemantle). Austra-
- JSar&Ui-it &*-.&. Ha: $' -° first class.
>KSy>sV* riUWj^i i iUJI $110 steerage. Lowest
JsjWj-"^i--n*js^Vl.V "* rates to Capetown,
iW/ T«r^.» \^ik Australian steamer,
W^( Wr^sL«_«ylfia Honolulu and Auck-
x&ftfc^'&jo&—/$& Steamship Australia,
Spkciai, Pasties.— Reduced .special rates for
parties Feb. 6 and 15,. 189t..
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
■-".-'" ••- - - Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS <fc BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGifIEGMERALE TRAMTLAIf TIQOE
- .'"vouch Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR (NKW.,42 NORTH >**)■
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -Stfrfjtf
this line avoid both transit by English railway aud
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rape
■ ...January 11
LA GASCUGNE, Capt. Baudelon
...January 18,:.
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Poirot,
..January 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
February 1
J£ir For further particulars apply to ' i•'
-. A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FI'GAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Jb rancisco. ■ , . *
WH.TE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
'■-..'•--'■; BETWEEN'
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool
SAILING KVEIII* WKEK. '
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _«-•
ing to steamer and accommodations fiHH|
selected: second cabin. $35 and S4O; Maie-T^^uld
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to san Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets
sailing ' dates - and cabin plans may be procured
from XV. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Coaipanv, 613 Market street
under Grand Hotel. i;. W. FLETCHER,
General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET COMPAJL
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL jKr&L_
fortnightly for the West Indies and &*____%
Southampton, calling en route at Cerboursh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
• Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
'ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
slats, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
•:■:■■' * PARROTT <fc CO., Agents.
■-'■■• ■■■.-. 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washing-ton 3t-
At 5 P.M. .Daily, Except :Suu»lay.
tST. Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. .
~ ' STEAMEK': '.
T. C. Walker. J. __>. Peters.
Mary Garratt, * City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cm. Nav. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO AiHD MARE ISLAND.
BTB. MONTICELLO,
Dally, except Sunday— lo .a.. it, aa. «
''.jr. Su niiay— B p.m. '.....,.
JLudlnK. Mission l.Tlat*mp ■•■*■ •
RAILROAD TRAVEL 7
LOW RATES BY RAIL i
....T0....
jE 3, Q3E1.1 , Xj-A>3?J'X>, ' _5-?- El -
-«4r»il_.l_iW*l_r 15fiM9H -fiwrtiwinß*. TF-S_:5M-_r
" js^lWm& sfflia -^^^^ -im-s**dts---k
FRIDAY.-.-. - JANUARY 24,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:0 J p. m.
.— _ rt _lncludlng Berth in Pullman Tourist
$7,50 ■ sleeper. .-^^ ■'
"*•'•" w ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In ffl»*J X.OO
Pullmau Standard Sleeper, x^j^tj — .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*
senders at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
"Sid or baggage checked to such points.
aS- Through Tickets for Puget Sound
points on Sale at Keduced Kates.
For further information apply M
613 market STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Ottice), San Francisco. _
RICHARD GRAY. T. H. ••"'ODMAN,
Gen. Traflio Mgr. pen. Pass. Agt
SOUTHERN l»Al.IFIC COMf-AJfT.
. -*. (l-.lr'.'FlC SYS'I-.M.. '
Ti'itlna leave nnil «■•<• «l-ie lo arrive a»
SAN *'KA«ISt«.
tHAvr. — FitoM November 20. 1G95. — ai-.hub
0:30a HayTrarda, tifloa and Waj Stations.. «2 , 1? A
7:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Last.. S'.X.tr
7:00a Benida. V.-icaville, llnmsey. Sacra-
men to, and Redd via Davis .... v : lor
7:30a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Ron.'...'.- to-.iar
ItMlHlw, Sun .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacrament", Marystille. Red liluff
nml Sundays excepted Oio"illc .1 : !5 P
•»:30a Peters and Milton "' : ]* p
»:OOa San Loandro, Hayrards & Way St ns 11-»3a
9:«oa Los Angeles lixprcss. Raymond,
(for Ycscmite), Santa Barbara
and Lot Angeles « 4: ,r
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 10:4oA
10:0O.\ San Lcacdro, Kayxrzxda and Nil?s . 1 :45p
12:OOm Ban Leandro. Haywards A Way Sfcs 2:45*
I:»Oi' Niles, San Jose and Livermore N:43*
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *'J:OOe
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Station.. '"•43^
o:00p San Leaudro, Ilayvrards & Way St'ns ."»:45r
4:00p San Lea_tdro. Haywards & Way St'ns 6:45*
4:oUi> Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa •«15*
€:oa* Benicia. Esparto, Woodland, .:.:•■'-
" Knights Landing. MarygTillo,
Orovillo and Sacramento 10: 13*
4iS«r Niles, San Jose, Livermoro and __
Stockton 7:13*
5:00p San Leindrc, naywardj & Way St'ns 8:45»
8:30r- New Orlean-. Exiiri.fa,l''resiio.Batent-
lifld. Santa Barbara,! Augulcs,
DeniinK, El Paso, Now Oilcans and
Kast *•' * a *
8.301. Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East 10:45 a
6:OOp European Mail, Osdcn and Last 0.-I.la
deep llayiv.irilx, Nilcs and Sau .lose 7:1.1»
17:00 v Vallejo.. ". 17:43*
7:00r Oregon Exprens, Sacramento. Jlarjs-
villc. lUildinc Portland, Puget
Sound and East.... 10:4."i4.
7:00p San Leandro, Ilaywardsfc Way St'ns 1 0:30*
9:00* SanJ.eandro,llnywards.tV« ay Stns ttl2:»*A
19:93* " Sunset United." Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
ano East §I^*43*
tflllHlr Ban Leandro. Haywards & Way St.'.is 7 :15a
SASTA V.ni'Z DIVISION (Narrow (ianpfeL
8:1 Newark, Center* lose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations... 5-38J
•2:15* Newark, Centcrvillc. San .lose. New
Almadcu. Felton, Boulder Cr;ck,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Ml :"-Oa
4:15r Newark, .San Jose audl.o3 Catos.... 0:50a
{11:45p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose- and
**, -y- : Way Stations 17:20*
COAST VISION (Third A loi.nseud StK.)
0:43a San .lose and Way Stations (New
Almadcu Wednesdays only) 1:43*
8:15a San .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
s'aciiiu Grove, Paso Rubier, Sau
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations '.. 7:05*
10:40a San .lose and Way Stations 5:00*
1 1:45a rate Alto and Way Stations 3:30!
*S:3op.Sati .lose, Gilrr>y. Tres Pinos, Santa
-'■- :"_. Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grovo *IO:40a
*Bt3or San Joto and Principal Way Stations 9:47 4
*4:SOi- Han Jose and Way Stations •" -:O0.\
5:30 1' San Joso and Way Station *8: ISa
o:t_Op San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... «:33\
tll:4.">e San .lose und Way Stations i7:4.-»i-
-• CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIB PRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:11 9:00 11:00a.m. Jl'oo *2:00 |3:CI
•1:00 15:00 »C:oorJi.
rroioOAKHHD— Foot of Broidw»j *C:00 8:00
10:00a.m. 112:00 *1:00 tS:00 *3:00 tl-"00
- ♦S:O3f.M. --.-'■; '-'■■■.
A for Morning. V tor Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. >';'', ' Saturdays only.
! Sundays only.
if Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
(/Tuesdays and Saturdays Sundays and Thursdays
SMFR,4»CTO&.W.THPi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Eerry— of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.'
WEEK DAYS-7.40. 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. M.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p.m. . . ,
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a.m.;
12:49, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1 :56 p. M. and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
'5:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Leave - I in -m... Arrive
San Francisco. 1 Oct. 28. San l " - cl! - '
Wkkk 1 Sun- j 1 . 1 1^,'ion Son- I Week
Days, [pays. | •destination. DAYS | d AYB .
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 1 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm, 5 :00 Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fultou,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
. . Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
9" : I Pieta, i j
Hopland <fc
8:00 am; Ukiah. | 7:30 raj 6:15 pm
7:40 am 10:30 am
8:00 am Guerneviile. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm| j ; . I 6:15 pm
7:40 am l 8:00 am j Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
5:10 pm 0:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
.* V .*- I Glen Ellen. j . . -.-..■-•: -
7:40 am|8:00 am] SebMtODOl 110:40 am 10:30 am
3:30 15:00 pm l b< - - opo *" ' 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rata*] for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers-
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, sal. Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Pomo, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and EureKa.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "*-l|pir>
Padfic
Trains leave from and arrive __Ajip_^S~*£w-WBBL/j
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS .
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex' cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 1: m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars. ' •:-..': ,_...'
Ticket Ofttce-C44 Market Street.
Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27 1895
.WEEKDAYS. ' " '
For Mill Vellev and San Rafael— 7:3o, 915, 11 00
a. m.; 1:45,3:45, 5: 15,- 6:30 p. m.
Pan Quentin-7:30, 9:15 A. m.; 1:45. 5:15 p it.
Extra trips Tor San Kafiulon Mondays. Weiues-
oays and Saturdays at -.30 p. m. "
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Ouentir.
8:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:30. 3:007 4:30,T*6-15
p. m. *Does not run to San Quentin! ■
..„ . = THROUGH TRAINS. "
1-45 £" » SSSSSrS?* 1 ? 10 *■••*• way stations.
I ti :■. £ y,x^^.y gg^^gga.
NOTARY PUBLIC. ~
C^S^Bg^/Affia ATTORNKY-ATInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
WILL OF HUGH DIMOND
The Oakland Capitalist Wanted
Only Two Carriages at
His Funeral.
OPPOSED TO ANY OSTENTATION*
Two Bequests of $2000 Each and Then
the Estate Was Bequeathed to
the Family.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
DOS Broadway, Jan. 23. f
The will of the late Hugh Dimond was
filed for probate this afternoon. The estate
consists of real property in San Francisco.
Oakland, Alameda, Fruitvale, San Mateo,
and in Princeton, Glenn County. The per
sonal property consists of stock in the
Spring Valley Water Company, household
furniture and cash. The will was signed
August 22, 1982. Its principal provisions
are:
I give and bequeath to my brother, Neil
IMmond, now residing in Marquette County,
Wis., $2000 in gold coin.
1 give and bequeath to my friend Lawrence
Cunningham $2000.
I give, devise and bequeath all the rest and
residue of my property, real, personal and
mixed, as follows:
The rents and profits and income thereof, or
such portions of the same as may be proper in
the judgment of my executors, "are to be ap
plied, niter payment of expenses attending my
property, to the education and maintenance of
i ray children, Ellen Sullivan Dinlond, Hugh
I Sullivan Dimond and Dennis Sullivan Dimond,
. until the youngest living then shall have at
\ tamed the age of 21 years. When the youngest
! living child shall have attained the age of 21
years then all of my said property and what
ever may remain of the income and profits of
the same sha.il go to my then living child or
children, and to the issue of any deceased child
or children, in equal Darts.
I Being opposed to any ostentation at funerals,
I direct that any funeral over my body shall
take place solely at the house at which my
body may be and at the grave. I further direct
that only a hearse and two carriages shall be
furnished for my funeral, and that only the said
two carriages shall accompany the "hearse to
the grave.
The executors are C. D. Sullivan, W. F.
■Cnshman and Lawrence Cunningham. |
Only the last named are now living and his '
petition accompanies the will.
STANDS BY PEARSON.
The Home Association Elects Officers !
for the Coming Year.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— The Home !
Association for Aired and Infirm Colored
People held its annual election to-day at
761 Sixth street and elected the following
officers for the ensuing year: President,
Mrs. A. T. Standford; first vice-president,
Mrs. H. E. Smith; second vice-president,
Mrs. Louisa Jackson; third vice-president,
Mrs. 0. Goldstone; recording secretary,
Mrs. L. B. Jackson; assistant, Mrs. J.
White; financial secretary, Mrs. R. Leeks;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. Thomas
Pearson ; treasurer, Mrs. 'Ella Smith ; bank
ing committee — Mrs. J. H. Oliver, Mrs. L.
D. Gardener, Mrs. Mary Humphries;
auditors— Mrs. M. Williams, Miss W. Yan
■alstyne, Mrs. C. Har.and. }
Tne following resolutions were offered
by Mrs. Louisa Jackson and unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That we deeply regret the annoy- ;
■ ance to which Mr. Thomas 'ears has been j
subjected because of the service he rendered |
car association ; and be it further
Resolved. That in justice to Mr. Pearson,
whom we have always found among the friends
of this association, we denounce the state
ments which appeared in the Elevator as hav
ing been willfully false and malicious.
"iVettstein's Damage Suit.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Jan. 23.— The suit of
Andrew Wettstein against the Southern
Pacific Company for $25,000 damages
would have caused no interest to court
room loungers were it not for the fact that
Dr. Woolsey was one of the witnesses. Dr.
Woolsey has been in charge of all the rail
road surgical work for years, but about a
year aeo the company gave their work to
Fabiola Hospital. In the Wettstein case
Dr. Woolsey appears on the side of the
prosecution, a role he has never before
taken in damage suits in this county,
always having appeared for the railroad
company. His evidence is purely of a
technical nature.
The .Reliance Benefit.
I OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— T0-morrow
evening the Charity Company will give its
initial performance of "7-20-8" at the Mac
donough Theater for the benefit of the
Reliance Club. The final touches are now
being put on by the company and every
thing is in readiness for a successful first
performance. This will be the last ap
pearance of Miss Maude Morrell as an
amateur, as she appears next week with
the Frawley Company in San Francisco.
The house is completely sold out for Fri
day night. There are not many seats left
for Saturday night.
The Garbage Crematory Successful.
I OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— A public
exhibition of the new gurbage crematory '
erected by Louis Schalfer, was given this j
afternoon. Many officials were present, |
including Health Officer Mayon, Sanitary ;
Inspectors Smith and Ott, City Attorney I
Peirsol, Chief of Police Lloyd, Dr. Shuey, |
Councilman Bassett and Secretary Schaf- j
fer. Crude petroleum was used for fuel,
and the garbage was satisfactorily handled.
v The health officer will make a report to
**-" the City Council.
Bernal Held to Answer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— John Ber
nal, the man who is charged with Having
shot Richard Foley at Pieasanton two
months ago, was held to answer at the
Justice Court at Pieasanton to-day on a
charge of shooting with intent to kill.
There was some argument about the
bullet, but District Attorney Church said
it could not be put in evidence, as it was
still in Foley's body. No defense was at
tempted, and the prisoner was admitted
to bail in $2500 bonds.
Quiet at_;San Leandro.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— The man
agers of the San Leandro Railroad nad an
informal meeting this afternoon and
agreed on some plan to present to tho
Trustees of that town to-morrow night. i
It is likely that the loop around San j
Leandro avenue will be the manner in
which the difference will be adjusted. !
Everything was quiet at San Leandro this i
afternoon and the pile of rocks that caused !
yesterday's riot was the object of much !
curiosity.
He Flagged the Train.
I OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 23.— The prompt
\ action of E. 11. Lohmann averted a seri-
I ous accident to-day. The Berkeley local
I was rushing along at Seward street and a
,1 big truck was crossing the track at the
'I same time. Lohmann saw that there was
I not enough time ior the wagon to clear the
.1 tr ac k before tho train struck it- so "he
I nagged the train, and although the train
I wrecked the wagon its the Train. made it
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 23.— The prompt
action of E. 11. Lohmann averted a seri
us accident to-day. The Berkeley local
was rushing along at Seward street and a
big truck was crossing the track at the
same time. 1/ohmann saw that there was
not enough time ior tne wagon to clear the
track before the train struck it so he
nagged the train, and although the train
wrecked the wacon its slow speed made it
J possible for the driver to escape.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brier Chapters.
Oakland Oft.--?. San Francisco Call,;
1108 Broadway, Jan. 23. j
The poultry show closed to-night.
, "^«_?..? Ji'r^i 0 look a <Jose of chloroform lini
i ment for cough syrup, will recover.
I bKmiT , an the old man of 85 cars
i da y°red"her e 0 e ay < : OUDiy *»PiUl on Tues-
I vfrtKlp^L'-'T-r- 1 *- a warrant to
I .hooting Perkins at Lorin'on Christmas day.
■ There will t» a few repairs made on the
Twelfth-street dam as soon as the weather per
mits. The Council has allowed *-105 for the
expense.
Mrs. L. W. Allen of 912 Filbert street, 69
yean of age and the mother of seventeen chil
dren, lias been committed to Napa. She has a
suicidal mania.
Catherine Corchoran,ae;edGs years, who was
lomid wandering about "half clad and hungry
T,!*"-?"*' 1, has been brought to the County
Jan. She will be examined as to her sanity.
A meeting of the Mexican and Union Vet
erans Club has been called by J. A. Colquhoun,
the president, for 7:45 r. H. next Saturday, the
"7,7. *_ 5 -» at Judge Cliffs courtroom, corner
of Eighth and Broadway.
tj 7 " 1 .? c: p cutor of the estate of Mrs. Mary B.
Hum, who had sued the Oakland Consolidated
Railroad Company for $12,000 damage*, has
settled for $1000, and the compromise has
been ratified by the Santa Cruz Superior Court.
The required changes in .he arrangement of
the study periods at the High School were
made yesterday, so that the school was run on
the former closing hour— 3:3o o'clock. The
Eupils made no objections to the extra half
our. -A-:/.
The case of E. Mayrisch Jr., who was indicted
by the '-.rand Jury for the embezzlement of
funds while employed as a deputy in the office
of the Tax Collector, came up on the calendar
of Judge Greene's court to-day. The work, of
getting a jury is now In progress.
Charles Thompson made a futile attempt at
reconciliation with his wife Mary, who re
cently brought suit for divorce on the ground
of cruelty. He went to her home in Sau Lean
dro, where he pleaded, but in vain. Then he
decided not to contest, for a default on his
part has been entered in the action.
The new officers of the Oakland Typographi
cal Union are as follows: President. C. D.
Rodgers; vice-president, J. M. Shanley; treas
urer, M. A. Mclnnis; secretary, W. J. Coffey;
sergeant-at-arms, L. E. Alvord; executive com
mittee M. Cosgrove, T. G. Duncan, C. E.
Dutton, Ed Klint worth, XV. P. .Richmond;
delegates to Federated Trades— Cook, 11.
A. Kletzccr, C. P. Rodgers; auditors— H.
Cooper, Eugene Johnson, A. J. Reed.
DAVIE NOT READ OUT
Chairman Gardner's Compliment
to Chief Lloyd Had
a Motive.
The Friends of the Mayor Analyze the
Recent Document Which
Was Not Official.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Jan. 23. f
C. E. Gardner, chairman of the City
Populist Committee, says that Mayor
Davie was not read out of the party, as a
document signed by him and published
two days ago in a San Francisco paper
made it appear. According to Mr. Gard
ner the Mayor was not read out of the
party and the paper signed by him and
two others was merely a personal opinion,
and was signed and written at the earnest
solicitation of some one who was anxious
to get up a little political controversy on
his own account.
"The whole of the communication was
not printed," said Mr. Gardner to-day,
"or it would have had a different appear
ance. We did not read Mayor Davie out
of the party, because we have no power to
do so. There was no meeting of the city
central committee to either authorize or
ratify that expression of opinion. It was
signed by James Hopkirk, J. F. Paulk and
myself. Although it may represent the
opinion of the party it was not done with
its sanction and was purely a personal
matter. We should not have written it
had we not been solicited and promised
tbat whatever we wrote would be printed."
Mayor Davie's friends have a different .,
story to tell of the "read ing out" docu- !
ment. The compliment paid to Chief of
Police Lloyd is robbed somewhat of its
value when it is known that Gardner is
clerk of the Chief of Police, which posi
tion he holds solely by the grace of Mr.
Lloyd.
James Hopkirk, another of the signers
who "read the Mayor out of the party," is
the man wnom Davie appointed as an ex
pert to examine the new Grant school
house in the Third Ward. Mr. Hopkirk
went out and made a thorough examina
tion of the school and compared every de
tail with the specifications. He found
some startling delinquencies, and his re
port created great excitement about three
months ago. There was a special meeting
of the Board of Education called and the
Mayor advised immediate proceedings
against the contractors.
Superintendent McClymonds of the
School Department then made the aston
ishing discovery that Mr. Hopkirk had
inspected the Grant School with the plans
of the Sixth Ward school. As the latter
building is three times the size of the
Grant School the differences in the tim
bers and supports were all explained away.
"These things are not bothering me at
all," said the Mayor to-day. "I do not
have time to pay attention to them. Any
insignificant little coterie of disgruntled
politicians can write what they please, but
it is only wasting their ink. Of course, it is
a great pitty that these fellows cannot all
get soft jobs where their most arduous duty
would be to draw their salary. Until such
a happy state of affairs exists there will be
grumbling. I think if I were Hopkirk I
would not be very anxious to rush into
print, though, for the next few years."
NOT ORDERED TO ENGLAND
Newspaper Reports Concerning
Ballington Booth Officially
Denied.
Soldiers Are Warned Not to Believe in
Salvationist Stories That Are
Not Authentic.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 23. J
Brigadier J. J. Keppel, commander of
the Pacific Coast division of the Salvation
Army, says that there is no truth in the
telegraphic reports that Commander and
Mrs. Ballington Booth, who command the
Salvation Army in the United State*-, have
been recalled to London by General Booth
because they were making the American
work too American..
So much publicity was given to the
story 'and so many editorial comments,
favorable and unfavorable, were made
upon it that an official denial has been
published. Coming at a time when the
air is so rife with war news and possible
and impossible international complica
tions, the publication of the supposed
withdrawal of the National leaders caused
great interest, and was calculated to hurt
the work of the Salvation Army at large.
Commander Ballington Booth is a natural
ized citizen of this ; country. The official
denial is as follows:
The appearance of telegraphic dispatches in
many of the coast papers on the morning of
January 15 stating that Commander and Mrs.
Booth were under farewell orders caused much
consternation to officers -. and soldiers all
through the division. We can forgive any pa
per which In its eager search for news seizes
upon any statement that has the slightest ap
pearance of truth, and that sends it broadcast
over the country: but when statements that
we know to be false are made therein, and
when such statements are of a character that
directly reflect upon our beloved veteran gen
eral's attitude toward America and Americans.
and also upon the loyally of our faithful com
manders, we cannot help but oelieve that the
news must have been gathered from an un
friendly source. '...--.
Napoleon spent most of his time at St.
Helena learning English.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1596.
CHARITY REGISTRATION.
The Supreme Court Destroys
the Last Hope of
Relief. ;
DULL PROSPECT FOR WORKERS.
Many Deputies to Be Sworn in Who
Will Register Voters With
out Pay.
... , ...
Oakland Office Pax Francisco Call,)
SOS Broadway, Jan. 23. J
The new great register of Alameda
County will be prepared in a great meas
ure on charity. The decree of the Supreme
Court declaring the Election Commission
act unconstitutional has removed the last
hope that the Supervisors might be able
to make an appropriation to pay deputy
clerks for conducting the re-registration.
Now, there is no possibility of help from
that quarter, and County Clerk Jordan
will have to prepare the great register out
of the regular appropriation of his office.
As the annual cost of getting out a great
register has been about $10,000, the ex
periment of it being prepared without any
special fund will be watched with great
| interest.
At the present time Clerk Jordan is
swearing in scores of deputy clerks all
over the county, who will work without
pay. They will mostly be keepers of
stores of known good reputation, who are
glad to attend to registration for the bene
lit that they may derive from running a
registration office. Those deputies are
now being sworn in and the county has
been carefully gone over, so that as soon
as the necessary, redisricting has been
done by the Supervisors the work of regis
tration can commence in every town and
city in Alameda County;
"Of course it is not very dignified for a
rich county like this to appoint a lot of
deputies without pay," .aid Clerk Jordan
to-day, "but there is no alternative. The
whole appropriation for this office would
not get out a great register without a
resort to extraordinary means, and I have
begun this early so that all my regular
deputies can put in as much time as possi
ble. The position is a very uncomfortable
one, but I see no help for it."
The getting out of a great register has
always been regarded as a harvest field for
the regular political workers of the "in"
party. It usually meant that 100 or so of
ward-workers would be employed at $4
per day for one, two or three months, and
have nothing more to do than sit in an
office and make about half a dozen regis
trations a day. When the prospect of ob
taining the periodical soft snap was offered
scores of applicants appeared, and when
the situation was made known there was
a loud howl from "de push." Now the
progress of the registration will be watched
with much interest and there will be many
thousands of dollars saved that has been
usually spent on a small army of deputies.
CARNOT DEBATERS READY.
Principals Selected for the Great
Intercollegiate Contest
Next Month.
The Young Men Who Will Represent
the State University and Stan
ford on the Rostrum.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 23.— The battle
THEODORE DE LAOUNA. . M. C.FLAHERTY. R.S.WHEELER.
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA DEBATERS.
between the representatives of the Uni
versity of California and. Stanford for the
Carnot gold medal, to be held on February
7, gives promise of being a hotly contested
one. A letter was received by Speaker
Dam of the Students' Congress to-day
from Benjamin F. Bledsoe, a Stanford
member of , the intercollegiate committee,
in which it was stated, with reference to
the coming debate: "We have girded up
our loins and are ready for the fray."
Stanford's trio was chosen some time
ago, while Berkeley's men, consisting of M.
C. Flaherty, '90, Theodore de Laguna. '9!,
and R. S. Wheeler, '96, with Charles A.
Fryer as substitute, were selected at the
H.D. SHELDON. A. M. CATHCART. J. M. ROSS.
THE THREE i STANFORD DEBATERS.
final of the preliminaries last evening.
The three tirst-named men are all members
of the senior class, while the substitute
Fryer is a freshman. The fact that a
freshman has even secured the place of a
substitute is considered quite remarkable
in college debating circles, as ho is thelirst
one who has ever even had the place of a
second on any of the intercollegiate
speaking contests.
Fryer is tne son of Or. John Fryer, the
newly elected professor of Oriental lan
guages at the university, who is at present
in .Shanghai, China, in the Government
employ. The young debater prepared for
college at the Oakland -high school and
was editor of the _3Egis during his senior
year. He made the address in behalf of
the scholars at the dedication of the new
high school building. Fryer is at present
in his nineteenth year.
The debate this year is at Stiles Hall, in
Berkeley. The medal went to Stanford
last year, but the new University of Cali
fornia team say that they will give the
wearers of the cardinal a hard fight for it
this season. - '■•/: v.
THE STANFORD DEBATERS.
Cathcart, Sheldon and Ross Will
Uphold the Cardinal in the
Carnot Contest.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
23.— -The following facts may be interest
ing concerning the debaters who have
been selected to represent Stanford in
the regular annual debate against Berke
ley.
A. M. Cathcart has long been connected
here with debating societies, and made
a mark in his sophomore year as a power
ful debater. He possesses a peculiarly in
dividual knack for driving his facts
through all opposition. In taking up a
subject he goes at it without gloves— know
ing he understands it himself he simply
forces it on the minds of listeners. His
delivery is not particularly noticeable for
elegance, but rather force. He leaves the
facts, clearly stated, to answer for them
selves.
H. D. Sheldon learned the rudiments of
the debate before coming to the university.
While here, however, he has increased in
skill and in reputation as a good strong
speaker. His utterance is .rapid, for the
points seem to come on his mind faster
than he can state them; yet he is not pre
cipitate. He leaves no bridges behind,
but covers his retreat well. He is shrewd
in selecting nis defenses and skillful in
protecting himself from attack. He is
vigorous, clear and practical, thinks rap
idly and talks fluently.
J. M. Boss is no novice in the college
forum. He has taken part in all the
society' debates and differs from Stanford's
otheriepresentatives in the fact that he is
slower an.i possibly more calculating. He
goes at his subject deliberately and deter
minedly. Every step he takes is taken
with caution. His presence is much in
his favor, his enunciation clear and dis
tinct. Mr. Ross has never yet taken part
in an intercollegiate debate, but ho is
thoroughly well fitted for the position of
honor and will prove a source of strength
to Stanford's trio.
DANIEL TEETER'S NUGGET
After Sixteen Years It Was
. Found to Be Not Worth
a Nickel.
Arthur Feidler's Cruel Persistency
Results in an Unpleasant
Discovery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 23. J
Arthur Feidler, the well-known Liver
i more politician, made a discovery a few
! days ago that resulted in his old friend
j Dan Teeter now regarding him with a
glassy eye.
Lan Teeter is a prominent man of Liver
more, and has been for over a score of
years. For the past sixteen years he has
been the possessor of a very large gold
nugget. It has always adorned his shirt
front and has been greatly admired. Hun
dreds of times he has been compelled to
give a history of the chunk of gold. He
still owns it, but he is not so proud of it as
of yore. Arthur Feidler has made the un
pleasant discovery that all that glitters is
not gold.
One day last week while Teeter was tell
ing a number of eager listeners how he
gave a poor fellow $5 for the nugget many
years ago, Arthur Feidler interposed with
the remark, "But suppose after all, Da ll
that it is not gold."
"No doubt of it," said Teeter. "I've ex
hibited it for sixteen years and its value
has never been questioned."
"But it is possible that it may. be a
fraud," said Feidler. "Suppose we go in
here into Berais' and have it tested." -
Teeter was more than willing, and into
the jewelry-store went the little party.
The jeweler examined _ the nugget suspi
ciously and placed it in a pair of scales,
which required nearly every pennyweight
in the house to bring' about the required
balance. Next it was put under a nitric
acid test and no sooner did the fluid touch
it than it turned a pretty bluish-green. But
so confident was Teeter that his nugget
was valuable that he asked innocently:
"Well, how, much is it worth?"
"Oh, about 3or 4 cents, '[ said the jew
eler. Then there was silence for the space
of two minutes, out of regard for the feel
ings of Teeter. t/'/./p
Mail-carriers in Morocco are said to
avoid the risk of losing their places by
oversleeping by tying a string to one foot
and setting .the end, of it on fire before
going to sleep. The string, ; they know
from experience, will burn so long, arid
when the fire reaches their foot it is time
for them to get up.
CLOSE OF AN ACTIVE LIFE
Death of F. A. Archibald, a Weil-
Known Insurance Man- .
ager.
NOTED AS A PUBLIC SPEAKER.
His Literary Abilities Gained for Him
in Early Life Many Honorary
Degrees.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 23. )
F. A. Archibald, general manager of the
Pacific Coast department of the Union
Central Life Insurance Company, died at
his home, 900 Eighteenth street, this
evening. For ten months he 'ad been ill
from affections of the stomach and for the
past two weeks there had been no hope of
recovery held out by the physicians.
Mr. Archibald has been with the Union
Central for about nine years, the first two
THE LATE F. A. ARCHIBALD.
years of whichjwere passed at Los Ange
les. Hf was a very active man and was
treasurer of the Managers' Association of
Life Insurance Companies of San Fran
cisco.
For many years Mr. Archibald was ac
tive in the Methodist ministry and after
ward he made a lecture tour throughout
the county speaking chiefly on the effects
of good and bad literature and kindred
subjects. Having to abandon public speak
ing on account of throat trouble, Mr. Ar
chibald assumed the management of the
Methodist Book Concern of Cincinnati,
one oi the biggest publishing houses in
the United States. He was also a writer
and besides being the author of several
books he contributed largely to magazines.
His literary work was recognized by
Eastern colleges as entitling him to several
honors. The degrees of doctor of divinity,
master of arts and doctor of laws were all
bestowed upon him. He was one of the
founders and prime movers in the great
Chautauaua of New York.
Mr. Archibald was born at Troy, N. V.,
on Christmas day, 1841. The body will be
sent for interment to Fredonia, Chautau
qua County, N. Y.
HENRY RODGERS' STORY.
Professor Hayne Says the Ac
cused Students Were Per
• fectly Sober.
Practice Work Commenced for the
University Baseball Season.
Burglars at Work.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 23.— Harry
Rodgers, the academy student who was
given a shaking up the other night by a
party of university boys for an alleged in
sult offered to an unprotected young lady,
seems to have placed himself in rather a
peculiar predicament. One of the main
points in Rodgers'- testimony against the
accused students is that they were in an
intoxicated condition. This they flatly
deny. In 'support" of their denial they
have the statement of A. P. Hayne, an in
structor at the university, that the entire
party was in a state of perfect sobriety.
Rodgers says that he can produce proof
that he did not insult any lady or ladies,
and that there- were no grounds what
soever for the assault other than personal
enmity. .-.-.. -v-*v '•■7/77-
The three students on whom John Doe
warrants were sworn out appeared before
Judge James this morning to be identified
by Rodgers, but as the accuser did not ap
pear the trial was set for Friday, Jan
uary 31. •■■.■'.
Upon the advice of their attorney, the
arrested students refuse to make any state
ment, further than that , Rodgers will be
shown up in his true light at the trial.
First Work on the Diamond.
The first practice work of the baseball
season by the university students was done
this afternoon. Captain Johnson and
about twenty other men spent an hour on
the held batting and: catching, and other
wise getting their muscles I into trim. As
soon as tho ground is sufficiently dry regu
lar training will be commenced. The
teams are not as yet fully organized, but
it is understood that the freshman class
contains a number of men who will fur
nish several surprises before the season is
over.
"After Carpenter's Tools.
BERKELEY, Cal.,' Jan. About $100
worth of carpenter's tools belonging to W.
C Morser and T. 0. Sprague, two Oakland
craftsmen, were stolen' last : ni_rht from a
, house ; which is being built at the foot of
Chapel street. ; A crowbar ;. and . pickax
were also stolen from the house which
Contractor Estee is putting up at the cor
ner of Chapel and Bancroft, pzp///}, , ... >
It is supposed that but one man was
interested in the robbery on account of the
single pair of- footprints made in the soil
about the buildings. • ; A/y y.-pn-
No Challenge From Tale. r >^7
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. The foun
dation for the report of a challenge from
the Yale track athletic team. to the Berke
leyfchampions for a track and field contest
was a private letter received from Captain
Sheldon of Yale by Arthur North last
term expressing hope that if Berkeley sent
another team East a contest could be ar
ranged. The letter has been the means of
arousing much interest among the stu
dents, and the prospect of a match with
Yale will do much to add support to the
project of sending another team across the
Rockies.
Plunkett Will Play Again.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 23.— There is
general rejoicing at the university over
the fact that Plunkett, the star guard of
theJVarsity, has decided to enter the law
department of tne university, since by so
doing he will be enabled to play football
under the blue and gold for another sea
son. Plunkett graduated from Berkeley
in May and it was supposed that his
services for tho U. C. would then be lost,
but his entrance to the law department
will qualify him for another season's work
on the California gridiron.
;'■:/ j Professor Hudson to Speak.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 23.— Professor
William H. Hudson of Stanford University
will speak to-morrow evening under the
auspices of the Unitarian Society at Stiles
Hall on "Walt Whitman." This will bo
the first ol a series ef six lectures by
eminent men, to be given under the
direction of the Unitarians within the next
three months.
■ > ♦ —
Was It "Will or Note?
Nora Comba is endeavoring to have pro-
bated what she claims was the will of Mrs.
Mary Kelly. She claims that Mary Kelly, who
lived with her .some time, made a will, in
which she left her landlady $2000. This was
left in the hands of Father John Nugent of St
Rose's parish, and was burned in the Brannan
street tire of last June. '•'.:•
The counter claim is made that the paper
was not a will, but was in the nature of a
promissory note for rent, etc. Of this sum
£1000 had been paid.it was claimed, and upon
the question whether the document was a
will or a promise to pay the case rested. There
was no decision. .• _• ; ■ / -
MRS. SANFORD'S INJURIES
They Are Quite Serious, Though
It Is Not Believed
Dangerous.
A Burglar Missing When His Case
Is Called in the Superior -
Court.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23.— Mrs. J. "W.
Sanlord, who fell from the upper window
of her residence on Cedar street yesterday,
during excitement over a fire in the din
ing-room, is seriously injured. One of her
legs was broken and an ankle sprained.
She was for a time unconscious. Mrs.
Sanford was in the upper story when she
became aware of the fire in the lower story.
She ran to the window, and in her excite
ment at first intended to jump out, but
changed her mind while in the act and
clung to the windowsill until: her strength
failed, when she let go and fell a distance
"of fifteen feet.
An Interesting Event.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23. The la
dies ol the Unitarian church are to give a
concert on the 30th of January, the prin
cipal features of wnich will be the singing
of "Willis Bacheller, tenor Miss Margaret
Gaskill, soprano; Miss Helen Anderson,
pianist, and Richard E. I'arndley, 'cellist,
together with the Reliance Glee Club in a
repertoire. Miss Elizabeth Westgate will
be the accompanist. The programme is
pretentious and will be a most important
musical event in Alameda.
Won't Call for Their Money.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. 23.— The Encinal
Bank of Alameda went out of existence
six months ago, but there are two deposit
ors who have not appeared tc claim their
money. They are Kate Duley and Neils
Anderson, and the most searching per- :
sonal inquiry on the part of the Bank of
Alameda, which succeeded to the business
of the retiring bank, has failed to locate
them.
Foreclosure . Suit.
ALAMEDA, Cat..', Jan. 23.— Encinal
Bank has entered suit in the Superior
Court to foreclose a mortgage for $2000 on
the property on the north line of San An
tonio avenue, 50 feet west of Walnut
street. The defendant is the wife of one
of the plaintiffs in the famous stopover
suits, and if the final decision in the litiga
tion goes against the Southern Pacific
Company he will recover on his many j
suits a total sum approaching $100,000.
A Burglar Missing.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. Richard
Lane, who a month ac;o was arrested by
Constable yon KaDff" and charged with
burglary at Mrs. Wilhelmi's dwelling
on Santa Clara- avenue,* did not appear
who n called "Wednesday for trial in Judge
Greene's court. His bail was declared for
feited. , $ -
A Mother's Complaint. ;
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23.— Annie
Lefko caused a warrant to be issued to-day
for the arrest of her 15-year-old daughter,
Carrie. . The mother . alleges that the
daughter is inclined to be wayward and to
run around too much, and she wants her
placed in the Salvation Army Home.
PHffiNIX MIDWINTER CARNIVAL
Some of ; the Attractions Described by
Passenger Agent Goodman.
General Passenger Agent Goodman has
sent the following circular to all passenger
agents of the Southern Pacific company:
The progressive citizens of Phoenix, Ariz.,
have fixed on February 10, 20, 21 and 22,
189G, for their second annual midwinter car
nival. " .-v.
The programme includes Indian and cowboy
sports, baseball, football, cricket, tennis, fire
men's tournament, trotting and running race?,
gun club trap shooting, good music, grand
Mardi Gras pageant, magnificent trades' pa
rade of costly float*, competitive militia drill
and unrivaled wild west and Indian exhibi
tions. For these last, in startling perfection,
Phoenix can distance the field.
To see the city of Phoenix, resting in its re
fined wealth and beauty on the ruins of an
empire so ancient that 'it has left no written
record or tradition of its glories, surrounded
by limitless fields of fragrant clover and by
vineyards, graves of citrus and orchards of
deciduous fruits, is of itself a sufficient motive
for a transcontinental trip; but with a super
added gala-week under such a programme,
and railway rates, and conditions of the most
inviting character, a large attendance should
be assured.
An agreeable surprise awaits any who may
anticipate want of reasonable metropolitan
luxuries.
It is true, Indians, In barbaric-colored rai
ment, will be seen in large numbers upon the
streets, but in pleasant contrast with electric
| cars, and other evidences of a dominant civili
zation. --.•- . .
In many aspects Phoenix is a living tableau
of the transition stage between the picturesque
past and the esthetic future.
The red man who is untamable by inheri
tance, and the cowboy who is so by choice,
are becoming legendary, and soon will be
known only on the theatrical stage. Whoso
attends the Phanix. midwinter carnival will
see them in native, realistic beauty.
_ '
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
-Maurice and Etta Brandt to E. W. Hopkins, lot
on a line of Oak street, 137:6 W of Franklin, XV
'27:6 by S 120; $10.
Henry Sommer to Abbla Sommer, lot on W line
of Fillmore street, '_.•! Sof Greenwich, S 24 dv Vf '
100; gift.
Clement and Elizabeth Smith to Fred Harris, lot
on S line of Hayes street, 137 XV of Steiner, W 27
by 8 137:8; $10.
Gustav and I.lllle A. Fletschner to Ernestine W.
Elfendahl, lot on N line of Carl street, 105 £ of
Willard. E 25 by N" 137:6; $10.
Cornelius and Julia C. Harrington to James H.
Duncan, lot on N line of Army street, 106:8 W of
Chuich, W 53:4 by X 114: $10.
Margaret C. Porter to Elizabeth Lyons, lot on _•_
line of Douglass street, 125 S of Eighteenth, 525
by E 125; $10.
Clarita Land and Investment Company to Sallle
J. Smith, lot on s line of California street, 192:6 E
of Hyde, E 27:6 by B 137:6: $5.
City and County of San Francisco to Angelica
Wakelee, lot on SE lino of Harrison street, 89:6
SW of Eeale, SW 25 by all 137:6: $ .
Hannah and Lewis Teese Jr. to Mary E. Grant,
lot on X corner of Bryant and Harriet streets, >X
•2 > by 7->:S10.
Jonn Dineen to Ellen Dineen, lot on NE line of
Kausch street, 150 SE of Howard, SE 25 by NE
112; also lot on W line of West Eleventh avenue,
275 Sof Point Lobos, S2sby \V 120 ; gift.
Mcl and Mary Vogel to Albert Komslhoeft, lot
on NW line of Natorua street, 125 XL or Ninth,
NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
Emily K. Barstow to Joseph and Mary E. Farrell,
Itii on W line of Third avenue, 200 of Lake street,
S 60 by W 120; $10.
John J. and Mary L. O'Farrell and William Hale
to Harrison A. Jones, lot on XV line of Fourteenth
avenue, 100 Sof C street, S 25 by W 127:6: $10.
William and Fanny Manning to Elizabeth E.
Gilmore. lot on SE corner of It street and Twen
tieth avenue, S 115:9, E 242:2, X 25, W 110, X
103:4, W 130; $10.
Clement and Elizabeth Smith to Alfred Harris,
lot on W line of Chenery street, 200 X of Bandar,
N 60 by W 125, block 28, Fairmount Homestead;
$10.
ALAMEDA COCXTY. '
William's. Schwartz to Johann F. Schroeder,
lot on XV line of Union street, 125 X of Pacific ave
nue. X 50 by W 125, block 43, Columbus Bartiett
property, Alameda; also lot on S line of Bnena
Vista avenue, 200 XX' of Willow street, W 50 by S
150, block 11, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
gift.
Frederick Albrecht to Fredericka Albrecht, lot
E line of Pine street, 150 X of Division. X 25 by E
80, block 685., Oakland; gift.
W. K. Barnard to Sylvester Luther, lot on SW
corner of Hamilton street and Oakland avenue, W
45.35, S 90, E 30, X 91.45 to beginning, lot 38,
Hamilton Tract, subject to a mortgage to Union
Savings Bank, Oakland; $10.
Clark L. and Louise B. Goddard to Harriet X.
Lake (wife of E. D.), lot on E line of Adellno
street, 200 X of Thirty-second, X 55 by E 127,
block 676, Oakland: $10.
William and Agnes G. Mann to Clark L. God
dard, a right of way over lot on SW line of East
Fifteenth street, 100 SE of Thirteenth avenue, SW
75 by SE 10. block 64, Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
E. D. and Harriet X. Lake to same, lot on SE line
of Thirteenth avenue, 75 SW of East Fifteenth
street, sw 50 by SE 142:6, block 64, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
! . Golden Gate Land and Improvement Company
'; to William H. Spllman, lot on E line of Los An
geles street, 200 5 of Grace avenue, E 40 by ti
i 100, lot 6, block J, Goldan Gate Tract, Oakland
Township; $1300.
■ Emilia L. Brown to The McCarthy Company (a
corporation), subdivision E. bounded by Merrill,
, Lloyd and Wheeler avenues and railroad right of
way, being a portion of Fruitvale Terminal Tract,
■ Brooklyn Township; $10.
Felix and Delflaa Man-use to Sophie 51. Ma-jill
(wife of B. 11. Jr.), lot on S line of Bailroad
. avenue, 100 Eof Verdi street, E32 by S 132, be
ing a portion of Encinal Park Tract, Alameda; $10. -
William Watson to Andrew X. Frost, lot on X
line of Walnut street, 100 W. from Sr_ corner of
block 31, X addition to Livermore, thence XV 50 by
X 100, portion said block 31, Murray Township;
$10.
I C. A. and Catherine Mulvey to James A. John
' ston, lot 7, block X, No. 484, Market-street Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Frank 1". (and as attorney) and Hattle Baker
(by attorney) to M. A. Cooiey, lot 24, block M, re
subdivision of portion of P.oberts and Wolfs-till
Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Amelia Crawford to l'uget Sound Lumber Com
pany, lot on W line of Uerzog street, 110.82 S of
Felton, S 60:3, W 146:4, X 29:6. E 152 to begin
ning; also lot on E line of Herzog street, 168 N of
Crawford, X 64.57. E 177.10, S 102.21. W 171 to
beginning, block B, amended map of J. Crawford
Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
Marcedia l*. Kaleigh to Walter G. Ellis, lot on SE
! corner First and Page streets. S 380, E 175, X 100,
W 50, X 280, W 125, to beginning, lots I to 5,
block 50, tract B, Berkeley 1., and T. I. Associa
tion, to correct 535 d, 185, Berkeley; $10. .
Walter G. |Ellls to Alma L. Ellis, lot on SE cor
ner of First and Page streets. S 380, E 175, X
100, W 50, X 152:6. E 125, X 127:6. W 250 to be
ginning, lots 1 to 11, 21 to 34, block 50, same,
• Berkeley; gift.
Allison C. Bonnell to Mary A. Bonnell. lot on N
line of Kent street, 400 E of Shattuck avenue, E
1 149 by N 00, block F, east portion of Newbury
■ Tract, Berkeley ; $10.
John Devlin to San Francisco Savings Union,
lots 4 to 6, 21 to 29, block C, . Garrison Tract, sub
, ject to deed of trust, Berkeley: $20.
F. K. Whitcomb (administrator of estate of J. B.
' Whitcomb), to M. S. Libbey, lot on N line of Ban
> croft way, 45 Wof Union street, W4sby N 130,
villa lots adjoining the university site on S, Berke
' ley; $1300.
John C. and Mary Silva to Antonio Rcls, lot on
W line of Seventh street, 459.93 S of Chanuing
' way, S4oby W 120, block 134, Haft Tract, Berke
l ley; $200. , - .
s). G. McDonald to Prudent Redmond, all. lb
terest in the lot on the NE corner of Rose and
i Third streets, E 123 by N 105. being lots 26 to 29,
block 28, I. 51. Wentworth Boot and Shoe Com
pany's Tract, Berkeley; $10. r
The old penalty against a German soldier
or sailor of the standing army or navy
who left the Fatherland was a fine of 200
marks or forty days' imprisonment. That
has now been raised to 1000 marks tine or
imprisonment for four months.
NEW TO-DAY.
7y| ost Efficacious
* Tl, Most Agreeable
______ Most Popular
§£t^} (& e^* a for over 30 years
fa i'j $ - t> tm |r»Wiy|j
THE IDEAI. TONIC
TO FORTIFY
Body and Brain
Written indorsements from
over 7000
!"m".1"_;"« — .~ physicians
I Mailed Free. I L „____..
[ Descriptive Book with Testimony and" I
I Portraits j
§.-. OP NOTED CELEBRITIES. I
Beneficial and Agreeable.
Every Test Proves Reputation.
AtoM Snbstitntions. Ask for -Tin Marian!.'
7 At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI &'C0.,..
Pasis :41 Bd. Ita-Kma-m. gj W. 15t-_ St. , 1767 7xl.
LOUDON : tt3 Oxford Street. "•»«>"'"•■*■"•« »tf-«« ;
WriiM's Mai feptaMe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of ■ persons who
have used them for over forty years to cur*. •
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. • - . "'_: .. • - •
CrflssfflaniSlSclixig
With this remedy persons can cure themselves -
without ■ the least" exposure, change of diet, •or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price $1 a
bnttla. Z f '■■■-
1112
ONE LONELY FAVORITE.
Mud Proved Disastrous to the
First Choices at the Bay
District.
NEW MOON WON AT 40 TO 1.
Rosebud Captured the Quinlan Stake,
With His Stable-Mate, Poten
tate, Third.
The Bay District track reopened yester
day for its two weeks' spell of racing with
a good-sized attendance, nineteen book
makers in the ring and the inevitable,
wheel. The latter contrivance has as
sumed a new phase. In place of the old
"bookmaking game" that the lambs went
up against so long and were shorn of their
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Thirteenth Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
Muddy. Bay District Track, san Francisco, Thursday, January 23, 1896.
C7Q FIRS
l)IJ. $ 300.
up;
; purse
Index. Horse, age, weight-
St.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
600 Fijian. 4 107
634 PeixOttO.3 105
6SO YoEl Rey. 5 115
..• Landlord, 5 115
M2 Bed I'ike, 3 105
646 Ida Bauer, 4 107
612 Hacar. 3 101 !
660 Great Falls. B 115
336 Chief, f> 112
1'.'75 Little Pete, 4 109
499 Geo. Bonuert, 6...112i
488 Miss Lacy, 3 98
Miss Edsall, 5....110
505 Green Iliver, 4...110
10
11
7
13
9
I. ft
1
;
I
!
1 h
2h
7 h
6 1
5 3
112
81
31
91
43
13
12 1
10 %
1 3
2 6
65
6 2
4 1
7
9
3 y a
10
8
13
12
11
1 6
a 4
7 V
6 2
*.%
10
3 2
9
8
11
13
12
1v 2 McClain
a 6 T. Walker
3 i/jj C. Sloan
4 '2 Bergen
6 3 Chorn
64 McHugh
7 2 Burns
8 10 iHinrichs
9V2 Coady
1020 Russell
11 3 H. Martin
12 20 ' Kowan
13 shaw I
H. Wilson
6
8
9-5
8
4
30
1U
15
20
15
4U
30
SO
60
6
12
8-5
8
4
60
12
15
25
40
60
60
20
100
::::::::
::::::::
:
!
!
Good start, except (ireen Kiver. Won driving. Winner, W. D. Kandall's br. g., by imp. 11l Used-
inirv. Time, 1 til-'*.
SECOND 11ACE— Six furlougs; three-year-olds; conditions; allowances ; purse ? 400.
Horse and weight.
Joclceys.
I Betting.
|Op. Cl.
544 New Moon 97 2 1
567 SamLeake .-107 8
553 Walter J 112 5i
867 .lark Atkins 109 6 I
56> Veragoa 102 3 1
667 F.rlcrruount 104! 9'
667 Grady 107 7 \
vihs 97 10
51V Joe K 107 1
I - renttde 107 4
577 [da il 106 12
494 Clar» Johnson.... 102 11 |
1 3
6 V2
3 h
4 li
h.
7 1
8 1
9 2
102
5 2
11 3
12
1 3
5Va
2 h
4 2
,sh
7 3
BM,
10 Va
93
63
114
12
12
6~
5y 2
3Va
t
8
9
10
it*
12
1 4
23
3 Ms
44
5 2
6 5
76
8 2
9%
10 6
11 2
12
iMcCUin 30
'Donnelly I 1
! C.Sloan 6
Hinrichs 10
H.Martin 6
Coady 20
ICocbran 4
: Rowan... 30
T. Walker !1O
IK. Jones ' S
J. Chorn 10
I Peoples oO
30
4-5
12
'20
25
•20
8
80
12
6
lb
60
(ioovi start. Won easily. Winner, W. D. Karniall's br. f.. bj- Hyder Ali-.Naimonia. Time, 1:17^.
THIRD KAiJi- he ven furlongs; selling; all ages; the Quiulaa stakes, value $1200.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St.
Vi
Vi
s ,i
Str.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
562 Hosebud,4 96 4 4 2 4 4
659 Highland, a. 105 3 3 i/Sj 3*A
66t> Potentate, 5 IC9 2 1 li" 28
559 IThornhill, 5 104 6 6 1 5 2
(510)jMiss Brumniel, 3. 91 1 2 4 1 i/a
Momaivo, 6 104 7 7 7
(578),01ive, 4 96, 5 6% 6 3
1
3h
4 10
1 1
b a
2 6
7
l 3
63
34
2 3
1 S
5 4
4 6
6 10
lh [Donnelly j 8-5
2 IVa!Chcra 7
310 Doggett •
4 8 coady 6
E 3 F.Jones 3-5
6 1 K. Cochran 20
7 Garner | 6
3
10
*
9-2
8-5
25
6
<;<x>'l start. Won driving. Winner, Burns A Waierhouse's ch. m., by Tyrant-Kosemary. At post
.2 minutes. Time, I :3oi<i. •Coupled with Kosebud.
;^j FOURTH RACK— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward ; allowances; purse $400.
Index.' Horse, age, weight. St.
Vi
Srr.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. «JL
662 Hidaso. 4 106 3■■ 4 1
657 HyDy. a 105 1 2^
558 (Jv.-r, 4 107 2 5 i
65.' IkeL, 4 103 4 11
672 Monita, 6.... 105 s 6h
606 ENie, 3 *-0 9 10
620|Adam,4 95 B 31^
<5l0)!lrma, 4 93 6 ! 7 1
485 JGarcia, a 105i 7 1 8 2
568 |M«iesto, 5 105 10 9W.
31
5h
IVi
7 2 3
10
iY*
8h
9 4
fh /2
4 10
2 1
61
IY>
7 2
10
8 Vs
12 12
21 a a
4 10 3 H
31/2 4 10
6b 5 6
9 63
5 l/ 3 7 3
7 84
8 96
10 10
Chora i
Cochran
Mcliugh
E. Jones
Coady
Reidy '
Donnelly
Rowan
H. Martin.......
T.Walker.
3
15
1
10
8
100
6
15
•20
30
13-5
20
4-5
40
15
150
7
30
80
100
Good start. Won easily. Winner, B. Schreiber's blk. h., by Hidalgo-Graciosa. At post 15 minutes.
11c 1 : J. r . 4.
F.QQ FIFTH RACE- About six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; Densities- purse
000. $400.
Index. ll orse, age, weight. , S-t.
ndex. Horse, age, weight. j St. Vi Vz
(562 Toano. a 116 6 11
345 IRed Will. 3 109 6 5 3
(499);!-ea Spray, 4 113 3 3 1
672 Road Runner, 5. .114 7 ........ 7
623 i (.lacquer. 6 117 4 2 h
568 (Oregon Eclipse, a 109 1 .... 4 1
656 ; Gold Bug, a 104 2 64
V4
34 Str.
14 14
33 3 2
42 4 2
6 6 2
21 22
7 7
5 ! 2 62
: Fin.
i 18
2H
3 1/2
4 10
f>4
Ch
7
Fin. i Jockeys. O p"- n ci
18 |r)o^gett 6-5 9-10
2 1V J. Chorn 15 8
3Vz C. Ballard I 5 15
410 H.Martin ! 5 h
f>4 Hinrichs 3 4
6 b I Shields 1 4 10
7 I*. J.loyd ! 8 ; - 25
Good siaru Won easily. Winner, William Bloonibaugh's b. g., by Longfellow-Salara. Time
1 : 1 T> i2 - .
.'s| siXTil RACE— About six furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward; penalties; purse
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
Bt
Betting.
Op. Cfc
495 Huencme, 4 11l 6
638 SSoolein, a 112 a
507 MissHutb.4 1(14 3
84S Hod Bird. 5 10»i 5
(545) Kobln Hood I, 6 117! 7
072 Imp. Fulitrton Lass, 5..109 1
I^liaS.a 1071 4
652 Ginger, 5 109 9
273 Amtgo.a lls| 8
5 1
2h
74
1 li/ a
6 3
4 h
3 2
84
9
3y s
22
6 3
1 1
7 10
4V
5 h
8 10
9
! 1!2
3h
4 b
1 9
64
6 1,2
7 5
8 10
9
1 2
2h
32
48
5 10
6 10
7 v 2
8 60
9
Shaw !
(.'horn
K. Jones
Hinrichs
EL Murtin
Doggett
H. WilsoD
IC Kussell
IP. Sloan
I 6
9-5
3
5
&
2
10
10
20
7
8-6
5
9-2
8
6
100
30
100
Good alar:. Won handilv.
jnintiies. Time— *14, O:2S + ; '
Winner. C. L. McDonald's blk.h., by Dottle Dimple. At post 15
0:49V : *%. 1:1? V4. *76 feet short.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the California Jockey Club. Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
PIBBT RACE- Five and a half furlongs; selling.
IniUx.
Name.
I Best
I.bs record.
Dist.
Lbs
{Tk.
448 Lucky Dog 120j1:44 1 m
895 Playful 105 l:'20y 2 '6f
•232 nal Fisher : 120 1 :08:< /4 5 f
66S CatchKm 107 1:15 5y 2 f
600 Coleman 113 1:01 6 t
458 Coude 120 I:O2 Vi 5 f
1815 Hyman 117 1:08 5y f
560 Uncertainty 120 j
233 America 11l l:08»i!5f
540 W. 1.. Munson.. 107
S7'J Monterey 116 1 :133.i *6 t
r>l(i Podica. 117 1:20 6f
5 Verdeue 105 : norec..|
120 H.. Burns <& Waterhse.
110 H.. P. Archibald
104 M.. F. F. ttnley.
99 II . Mokelumne stk fm
5*2 F... Wfstchester stable.
110 F... F. M. Taylor
93: F... T. Lynch
... C. IS. Muiry
96 11.. C. H. Uurkee
P. Phillips
103 F.. F.lkton stable
101 H.. A. I'.crrv
I Vici stable
jimp. Darpbin-I^ou Laoler
Jim Brown-Imp. Fun
I Buck Wsilton-Alice
rmpSiidlorhian- Little B'lush
Imp.SirModrcfl-Klithesome
Dake Norfolk- May 1)
Himyar-MascKie B
Kmppror-Quandary
\ Ped Iron-Lou B
Springbok- Astoria
|Hidal~o-<Slen KUen
I'd wh ait an-cadiga
Vici-Luoy Long
*Old Index.
SECOKD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; inside course.
Index.
Name.
i Best
Lbs record.
j Dlst.
ITk.
f>'>l Illermanlta......
571 Zaracoza
492 Vernon
(567) Pearson
616 Tom Clarke. ...
Nicodemus
607 Regan
472 > in Slaughter..
464 Imp. Kndymion
115 1:5214 1 1-Wia 95 F... J. (;. Follansbee. . . . i
120 Key Alfonso stable. ,
121)1:09 si/ s t 91 F...'Wesichester stable.!
11l 1:1934 b! 112 11... B. .^chrciber.. ......
128 1:02 5f 100 F... F. Farrar :
12S .... G. Stags
128 l:3OVa 7J |109 F ... F. Dwyer !
117, i Mrs. Anderson
105! 2553,441/21 100 F... Atkin<fc J.o:tridge..
; Fresno-sistor Jim Jionglass
: Imp. Cheviot- Kessie Hooker
1 i'owhattan-Vorua
Tnip. (irea: Tom-Drift
Julien-11a7.pl Kirkp
; BayHwnter Jr-Moll.Watklns
Fabulous-Nettie It
<iano-Man<iy Fortune
IKiiterprisc-Sapipntla
THIRD UACJ
and an eighth miles; handicap.
Index. '
Name.
! Best I
j Lbs record.!
Dlst.
Lbs
Tk.
565 Logan 1
516 Little Cripple...
6H5 1 rid Gardner...
659 Koma I
107 1:401/2 1 m
iIOO 1:55i/ a H/8 m
j PG I:4VJI/4 1 m
I 92; 1:48V4 1 1-16 m;
118 F...
108 F...
1104 F...
93 F...|
A. Hhiekls \
J. Weber
F. ML Taylor ;
K'.niwood sik frm.
I Voltieeur-Pert
llm.Pir Penzunce-LdyStnhp
'Luke Blackburn-Enfilade
■ lujp. Brutus-Beauty
i OI'HTM RACK— Five and a balf furlongs: selling.
Name.
I Best I
Lbs, record. I
Lbs
Pedl^ee.
:tic.
Owner.
538 Middletou
628 Joe Hill
1509) Gold Dnst
655 Chartreuse 1.... ■
652 Imp. Kmpire.,.l
601 Metal..
1236 Duke Stevens..
605 My Sweetheart.
637 April .....
617 Kathleen
489 Comrarte !
668 B'l of Stonewall i
(264 The Judge j
340 Martinez
117 l:0«i4 f
11711:01 s/,(5f
107 1:08 5 f
105 "
117 1:09 6y f
112 iV«**' i"m7oy
111 1.0514 5 f
107
115 1:101/2 5y 2 f
117 1:121/2 6(
lyi c
120 1:14 51/2 t
119 1:11 V, 5f
106
110
10:.
....
lor,
99
S'lt* V -v\ lte - Warwick-Lady Middleton
t... J. i* ill : kinpston-Lady (iolden
11.. J. Klelda Oro-Golii Cup
.... B. Bchrelber Kmperor-M'aeoola
F... >yc»rnorp stable.... Chestei-Que.'ii of theNation
.... K. J. U. \V . Boescke Blue t-s-M.-talla
Y;-- g; Appleby "; ; Dolce Norfolk-Kdna K
, H.. "-i:"-' 1001 ■••■;M»jorßan-l.ibl.euiflibbet
.... W.B.Dodd McCTeary-Ilo*a
Fa. J.J. Case Little Alp-Unknown
F... C. 5p00ner... ....... Tyrant-Blithesome
.... |W. B. Sink..... Spendthrift-Miss Waller
H.. Z. Abrahams Imp. Loyalist-British Queen
H.. ! Antrim stable Apache-Jrene
1 1
107
106
118
1 02
Index.
Name.
I Best I
Lbs record. : Dist. I
Tk.
Pedigree.
619
(sUti)
645
4 79
670
(5«8)
619
'^ lr «' e A 10U l-Ol'k !» f 9* F...-B. Ward jlp.True Briton Bigßertha
Name.
1 Best i
Lbg record. |
! Disc.
iLbs'.Tk. !
Pedigree.
•I-
-671
682
675
4<is
1213
667
49t>
652
679
Alexis
Elsie
Fl Fi
I Catalogue
Manhattan
Valieme
Long d 'Or
skalkalio
Green .River.... |
126 :44y !
97 :56y 2
l-'O 1:293A
120 I;2S
128 ........
108 1:05%
123 „
102
120 ........
1 in
4V a f
71
5f
97 F...
102 F...
93! F_.
100 H..
113 H.'.
I (harden City stablest
C. J. Quilin I
K. Tterney
<'. Tvron
•I- A. Foss ".
X. s. nail
D. Ilalliday "
W. D. Handall
J. B. Chase
i Argyle-Frlsa
Ftllowcharm-ElaleS
Hidalco- Veracity
Oano-Jennie C
Birdcatcher- Ursula
Jirn Brown-Viola
llayoa d'Or-Blandana
Hyder Ali-Carrie G
........
........
I
fleece, a new and more gayly decorated in
vention now occupies the old stand. In
this new catch-penny arrangement di
minutive horses, worked by means of a
crank, race around an imaginary track,
and the unwary are expected to bet their
money in an endeavor to call them, 1 — 2 — 3.
The* racing was decidedly mixed. Fa
vorites and the mud clashed. AlO to 1
shot captured the opening dash, and a 40
to 1 chance galloped away from his field in
the following event. Old Toano demon
strated that he could run just as fast at 4
to sas he could at 30 to 1, being the - lone
favorite to show in front.
Fourteen maidens furnished a rare guess
ing proposition in the opening five-and
a-half-furlong run. Yo El Bey, the
8 to 5 favorite, could do no better than
finish third. The 10 to 1 shot, Fijian, toot
the lead in the stretch and won with little
to spare from Peixotto, another outsider.
The same stable made another coup in
the following race. Backed down from 40
to 25 to 1 New Moon was in front all the
way and won by five lengths from Sam
Leake, the top-heavy 9 to 10 favorite.
There were but seven starters in the
Quinlan selling stake over seven furlongs,
worth $900 to the winner. Imported Miss
Brummel, carrying Pi pounds, ruled an 8
to 5 favorite in the betting, with the Burns
A: Waterhouse pair, Bosebud and Poten
tate, next in demand. Potentate was sent
out to kill the favorite off. and he accom
plished the feat before the stretch was
reached. Bosebud then came on and in a
drive won from Highland by half a length.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAKCJAK^T 24, IS"-.
Potentate was a close third, with tho oth
ers beaten away off. The winner's run
was a remarkably good one, covering the
distance in 1:30^.
All Over was a 4 to 5 choice for the mile
dash, but probably McHugh did not do
him the justice a Doggett or a Willie
Martin might, and he brought up in third
place. The second choice, Hidago, took
the lead in the stretch and won handily
rom Hy Dy, who was quoted at 20 to 1 in
the ring.
Backed from 6 to 5 to 4 to 5, old Toano
disposed of his field in the fifth event over
the short six-furlong course like breaking
sticks. Doggett sent him to the front, and
he won pulling up, eight lengths before
Bed Will. Sea Spray was third.
The last event on the card, over the
same distance as the race preceding, went
to the 8 to 1 chance, Hueneme, who as
sumed command in the stretch and beat
the 8 to 5 favorite, Zoolein, out two
lengths. Miss Buth fin ished a good third.
The Two-Tear-Old Stakes.
The six stakes for two-year-olds to be
run this spring at Bay District under the
auspices of the California Jockey Club,
closed on January 15, with a total of 337
nominations, an average for each stake of
62. The fixtures and the number of nomi
nations to each are
Pacific stakes, half mi1e.......... . 71
Racing stakes, lor fillies, half mile 52
P.ancho del Paso stakes, five-eighth* of a mi1e.. .75
Bitter Root handicap, live-eighths of a mile 66
Bay District handicap, three-quarters of a mile. .57
Flying stakes, selling, nine-sixteenths of a mile. 62
On breeding lines the class is of the best
quality and all the leading stables are rep
resented. The heaviest nominations are:
Almona stable, Atkins & Lottridge, Burns
& Waterhouse, Cambridge stable, Colum
bia stable, Eimwood stock farm, El Pri
mero stable. Del Monte stable, W. 08.
Maedonough, Neil & Coney, Pueblo stable,
John Bobbins, Santa Anita stable, John H.
Shields, Westchester stable and Woodlawn
stable.
Track and Paddock Items.
The Montana plunger took $10,000 out of
the ring over Fijian's victory. /.7
Secretary Edwin F. Smith of the State
Agricultural Society is much elated over
the large number of nominations for the
new stakes erected by the society. For the
Nursery stake of 1897 there were 113 en
tries, and for the Futurity of 1898 203.
Green B. Morris has made the necessary
amends for his hasty words concerning the
officials in the stand at the Bay District,
and the decision passed refusing his en
tries has been rescinded.
Hueneme, winner of the last race, en
tered to be sold for $200, was bid up to
$700 by John Howard, at which figure his
owner, C. L. McDonald, was obliged to
let the horse go. It is rumored, however,
the run-up money was not made good,
and the brown sprinter may not change
hands.
Servian Benevolent Society.
The Servian Montenegrin Benevolent Society
held its sixteenth annual ball Wednesday
evening in Union-square Hall in honor of the
following recently elected officers: Lazar Jovo-
vich, president; John Giavinovich, vice-presi
dent; Steve T. Gerunovich, treasurer; Lazar
Churich, recording secretary; George A. Dabo
vich, financial secretary. The attendance was
large. The affair was under the direction of
the following gentlemen:
Committee of arrangements— Giavino
vich, Lazar Churich, Vladimir Jovovich;- floor
'manager. Casimir L. Antonioli ; floor commit
tee Vladimir Jovovich, John G. July. N.
Obradovich, J. Odalovich; reception commit
tee—Steve T. Gerunovich, John Giavinovich,
Lazar Churich.
Next Sunday the members of the society will
hold their annual banquet at 10 California
street in honor of their patron, St. Savva of
Servla.
HOTEL AKEIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
M Wairch. Portland J Maekey, Sacramento
Mrs Brigman. Livermore W H Wright, san Jose
D Leonard, lenbank G Udes, Clan Mackenzie
A E Lyon, Cal A L Bryan «fe f, sapa
T a Fee, Vancouver, C Mrs Bowman, Monterey
II 1. Bushnell, N V It Stevens _t w, San Jose
T Poster & n. New Havn J Moule. San Jose
A G dough, Merced G E Nordgren. Merced
P A Cro, NY It S Johnson, N V
P C McGuiney, N V Mrs llDish, Chicago
E8 Venoe, N V .- <; Marshall _t w, Boston
T C Greene, Chicago 1' C Radciiff it w, Chicago
W E Brown & w, N V Miss E Brown. N V
Miss C E /.niiii.NV E JE Shotwell, Napa
P Daniels, Nevada City J McDougaU, San .lose
J ii Terry, Los Angeles P J Terry, Los Angeles
M Witman A. w, Wdluad Miss Wit man, Woodland
P McNamee, Sacramento W Goodman, Fresno
l. P Goodman, Fresno C McMullan, Berkeley
E s Rover &w, Boston E F Sexton, San Jose
J Ellison & w, BerKeley
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs WF. Gcrbpr, Sacto L J Lamson, Chicago
P Gerlish, Vocaville W J Wilson Jr. Nwcastle
F XV Hull, OaKland Captain P Beadley, Cal
J H McLeod. Cal Miss Brandon, Cal
R M Nason, Fresno Jas Hayes, San Jose
s A Richardson, sn Jose T M Walker, Boston
Dr .*•! s Charles, Suisun Miss Walker, Boston
T J Flint, Sacramento Mrs J B Charles, Suisun
J J Pratt, Yuba City G A Marquis, Cal
J C Zuck, Gilroy a J Hamlnaus, Red Bluff
W G Williams. Va J E Reilly, Christian
F A Boric. Red Bluff H XV Walker. Willows
W H Nelson, Kans H McCann, Auburn
N Peeruitons, Me Win Logic & wf, Mich
II Holdgricoe, Ohio E S Doran <fe fm, St Paul
S W Cushman, Alameda II X Chambers <fe w, N V
J A Fitzgerald, Reno E Vestal, lied Bluff
31 J Brown &w, Bisbee Miss L James,Pasoßobles
Miss N Bennett, Cal yp.-, -, yppp
BALDWIN/ HOTEL.
W C Peddlar, Alaska H (i Haas, Stockton
G A Durrington, sn Jose L M Johnson, San Jose
J P Brown, Belmont G J Kienic. San Jose
G D Refers, crowiiie Mrs J D Kelly A dr.s Jose
Miss Woolf, N V M Cummings, Chicago
E G Bain, Chicago H Weber, Los Angeles
C E Ely, St Louis N Baum, Cent I
s Newhouse, Fresno L D Dendena <__. w, Portld
C B Griffith. BC KJ Aden. Vallejo
CSReid, Wis Miss G Gimbel, Vincennes
J Gimbel, Vlncennes.lnd .1 W Dunn.Gafton. N Dak
J E Crouan,Fargo,N Dak J M Sacklev«fc Chicago
GJB Wilhoit, Stockton Mrs a A Westileld, NY
G Brown, B C M F Fletcher, B C
B Westmont, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
J R Hickman, Salt Lake G C Hudson, N V'
J M Gait, Stanford E B Cook, NY
J 1. Stubba, Reno G Humphrey, N Zealand
.111 Denman,. London G L Veatch, Chicago
s T Field, Monterey Mrs it i; Brown, N V
H A Clover A wf, Mo ill Macdougall, Seattle
R 1-: Gilbert, Portland Miss V I'm ion, Montana
E T Levy & v.l. Tex S P Arnold, N V
H J Bi-hchoff. NY .1 Sternfeld, Mexico City
B a Eunice] & wf, Mont W R Fromberg, Chicago
11 W Hawley, Ohicngo W Logic, Grand Rapids
.Mrs Hawley, Chicago Mrs Logic. Grand Rapids
II W Cantrell. Healdsbg P Metschen, Salem
E C Keys, N V Mrs 1-. C Keys, N V
NEW WESTERN". HOTEL.
A L Hall, Victoria L Lewis, Oakland
c I.tiiniv, Portland F, Hubnledien, Truckee
E Ellsworth. NY D O'Toolo, Ariz
-Mrs Ransome, Tucson .1 Kirkendall, Mo
W A Washer. Fresno G E Hall, Conn
J J Bartell. Fla
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam*-.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
sight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-830 Montgomery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
until 9 o'clock.
9518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
rjprt=* CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY -5-
Br-*" No. 1. Knights Templar.— Stated as-'fiSr*
semblyTHLS (FRIDAY) EVENING, Jan- fFjj
nary 24, at 7:30 o'clock. Order of the Tern- WW
pie. Members Of sister commanderirs and ▼
sojourning sir Knights are courteously invited to
attend. By order of
"sir MARTIN JONES, Commander.
Sin -libam T. ohavks. Recorder.
Gfcpg=' "A NICHT Wi' Bl.i_.\s"-„ v?
"-^ The St. Andrew's Socletv will 3k, (\_Vl
celebrate the one hundred and thirtv- yjiiPtvfg
seventh anniversary of the birth of
ROBERT BURNS by a literary entertainment
and social dance at Scottish Hall FRIDAY
EVENING, January 24. Selections from Burns'
songs by prominent vocalists. Address by the
Rev. H. c. Minton, D.D. Admission 2Sc, cloak-
rooms free. ANDREW WILKIE, President.
W. C. Cook. Secretary.
fZZB* PRESIDiO AND FERRIES R. ■ K. CO.—
■»-*' The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's nlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come- before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday
January 14, at 2 o'clock r. m.
JOHN K. LEIGHTON, Secretary.
Office— llll Union st., corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal.
Ep-*""g : » THE REGULAR 'ANNUAL meeting
6*-^ of thestockhaldersof the B'nai B'ritli Hall
Association will be held at the office of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy St., San Francisco. Cal,-, on the 12th
day of February. 1896. at 8 o'clock p. xt., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB LEVISON. Secretary.
_^JsSs£i^<^3wriciEs^^
J__^T LA- SOCTETE FRANCAISE I>'EPARG-
"^-^ nes et de Prevoyance Mutuelle— annual
meeting of the stockholders of the above-named
society for the election of a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the transaction
Of such other business as mav come before the
meeting will be. held at the office of the corpora-
-01 .'".'.-' California street, San Francisco, CaL, on
MONDAY, January 27, 1896, at 3 o'clock P. l*.
_ _ '■-'•■'* L. BRAND, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 3, 1896.
SyW* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
«f <Er •of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company,
?.".- _ la rket street, an Francisco, CaL, on
\\ EDN ESDAY, February 5. 1896, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as mav come before
th. meeting. j -p. DONAHUE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
CT^S= THE ORPHANS AND HALF-
"7, orphans that were received into St. Francis
Girls Directory Orphan Asvlurn since the las; pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amlv Subaner,
aged 10 yrs.; Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.; Nellie Dixon, 5
yr-.; Margaret Bushnell, 12 Vrs.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr. ; Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Rosie Morris, 10 yrs.
Half-orphans— Maggie Sanchez, 9 yrs. ; Susie San-
chez, 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 5 vrs.: Meta Reeb, 2
yrs.: Jennie Reeb, 9 vrs.; Roy Nevis, 5 yrs.: Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Marv Listen. 9 yrs.; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs.; -Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos.: Annie Miller, 2 yrs.; Josephine
Miller, lvr.; Mary Pancratic, 1 yr.; Mary Snow-
enburg. 9 yrs.; v. r.i MurKs, 4 yrs.; Agnes Muse,
11 yrs.; Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.; Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.: Henry Lenard, 3 jrs.; Joseph Haley, 8 yrs.;
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs.; Lucretia Lenard, 6 yrs.;
Walter Lenard, 7 yrs.; William white, 2 wks.;
Peter Haley, 6 yrs. ; Mary Jackson, 1 yr. ; Louise
Digner, 6 yrs.; Joseph Catchman, 4 yrs.; Laura
Catchman, 9 yrs.; Agnes Catchman, 5 yrs.; Irene
Catchman, 7 yrs.; Agnes Lefevere, 9 yrs.; Gastina
Montonia, 2 yrs.; Johnnv Rice, 7 yrs.: George
Snowenberg, 7 yrs.; Joseph Snowenberg. 8 yrs.
Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlon, 3 yrs.; Mary
Donlon, 9 yrs.
nt__**fp CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Cg^y Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
I3p3p MRS." WALLACE, 109 POWELL~ST~
m**r room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
fc*^*" MRS. P.OBB, 10S5 MARKET ST., ROOM
**^£* 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
Jjf^S 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
»"- or Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 6680.
||E5» CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
"^ fully treated. DR. LLOYD. Lurline Baths.
K3p windows CLEANED AND FLOORS
*"'-*' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO., 242 Sutter.
S__lP"" BOOMS WHITENED. $1 UP: PAPER-
"^-^ ed $3 50uo. 817*% Third. George Hartman.
P|^S= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
**-*? THE weekly CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free. .. z- .-- .>,-...
■ ' ■— —^— — _i
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
t^S' DIvTDToNrTNOTICE^Ur^
w-*" 27 (15 cents per share) of the Hutchinson
sugar Plantation Co. will be payable on and after
Friday, January 24, 1896.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAMTU-FEMALE.
COLORED GIRL, COMPETENT. HONEST^
best of city references, wants a situation at
cooking and general housework. For particulars
call or address MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Suiter.
STRONG YOUNG GIRL WISHES a SITUA-
tIou to do housework or will do chamberwork
and waiting; wages $12. Apply to MRS. HIRD,
721 Ellis st.
Ij*Oß FIRST-CLASS HELP OF ANY* KIND
J call at LEON ANDRE'S, 818 Stockton st.
VOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES HOUSE-
A work, $15; 2 Swedish girls, cook and second
girl, wish work together, good references; 2 Swe-
dish girls, cooks and housework. ll"/a Antonio
St., off Jones, near Ellis. ,
Y COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO LIGHT
housework in American family; no objection
to the country ; reference given. Call for 2 days, 1
Howard court, off Howard St., near Fourth.
YY' OMAN WISHES SITU TO BO GEN-
ii eral housework; is good cook ; will do washing;
wages $10 month. Call tl2-l Washington st., near
Powell.
VOUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO AS-
x. sist in general housework. Call or address 125
Turk st.
RESSMAKER— PERFECT FITTER; GOOD
sewer: will go out by dav; very reasonable.
108 Eighth st.
YY' ANTED- WORK BY THE DAY'; FIRST-
ii class laundress or honsecleantng; best refer-
ence; $1 60 per day. Call 564 Minna" st.
OELIABLE GIBL WISHES A PLACE TO DO
it housework; good cook. Address 620% .Minna.
WOMAN~WANTS general housework
11 by day or washing 'and ironing. Call 1211'
Folsom St., rear. -■".-"■•"--.
\y! IDDLE-AGED SCOTCH WOMAN WISHES
i'l situation to do general housework: good plain
cook; city or country; family or boarding-house.
924 Washington St., near Stockton.
"I ) ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
Ai, do general housework. Call or address 21
Ninth St., upstairs.
11 " OMAN WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY
xl washing, houseclea ing or will clean windows.
829 Hayes St., basement, near Fillmore.
YY'OMAN WITH 3-Y'EAB-OLDCHILD WISII-
•' es situation as working bousekeeper or cook-
ing; no objection to country. M its. M. E. PIERCE,
California College, East Oakland, Cal.
\,»l'.\<, GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
-L housework German preferred. 932 ' 2 Valencia,
OMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
v-' general housework: beat of city references.
Appl 226 Twenty-eighth st.
RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
to do housework In the country. Call or ad-
dress tor 3 days 20y Stockton.
COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
Vj to do general housework: good cook and la n-
dress: city or country; references. Address 783
Mission. I: -~ v - y ■
W ANTED— POSITION AS NURSE AND
xl general attendant to an invalid. Address M.,
box 23, this office.
YOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AST Y PE-
A writer; inexperienced: small salary. Please
call or address % i 10 Duncan.
OOD COOK AND LAUNDRESS WANTS
C'IOOD COOK AND LAUNDRESS WANTS
X situation; good references. Call or address
1429 Post.
VOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
A mind a baby; prefers to sleep at borne. . 1054' /a
Howard st.
C HIM -T.NT' DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
I engagements by the day; good work and per-
fect fit guaranteed: suit made in 2 days; terms
$1 50. 424 O'Farrell st.
01 ERMAN GIRL, FIRST-CLASS COOK AND
v_r house worker, wishes a position; wages $25.
1310 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS WISHES
situation with dressmaker or in private family;
willing to assist with housework. 2005 Bush St.
"MEAT GIRL. CAN SPEAK GERM AN.WISHES
J-\ situation at counter in bakery. Call 1140
Stevenson St., near Ridley.
QWEDISH GIRL WISHES A SITUATION;
>~ general housework; good cook; city or coun-
try. Address M., box 11, Call Office, Oakland.
VOUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS
A housekseper; city or country. Call 28 Seventh
St., room 36. '. '- , :•"
yoING LaDY WISHES SITUATION IN
x hotel as cook or waitress; city or country. Call
150 fourth St., room 29.
"jVTEAT, RELIABLE YOUNG girl wishes
-l> situation for general houseworx; willing to
ta^e care of children. Please call 1 >,i_ Buss St., off
Howard.
YY'OMAN WANTS PLACE TO DO HOUSE-
xI work; plain cooking; will do chamberwork in
hotel; wages $10 to $12. Call at 126 Fourth St.,
room 3, first floor, aster 10 o'clock.
VOUNG~WOMAN WOULD LIKE position
1 as housekeeper In lodging-house or assist in
hotel; best of references. Adaress •S. E., box 68,
this office.
RESSMAKER. FIRST-CLASS CUTTER. FlT-
ter; just from the East; wishes engagements
by the day. 418 Octavia st.
ANTED— BY A YOUNG . AMERICAN
woman position crooking and downstairs work
or general housework in small family; competent
in all branches of housework: would like to sleep
at home. Address for one week M. E. 8., 710 Ellis
St.; no postals. '"-v.,
Bl sINK'-s WOMAN, WELL ACQUAINTED,
wishes a position as housekeeper in a lodging-
hous.* or chamberwork: home more object than
Wages. Address MRS. P., box 37, Call Office.
SWISS GIRL DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
upstairs or general housework in private fam-
ily. . Apply Helvetia Hotel. *31 Pine st.
GIRL WISHES POSITION TO AS-
A sist in light housework or to lake care of child.
Address 508 Po t st- . I
■WANTED— SITUATION AS GOVERNESS BY
xl German girl: French, German and music; good
references. Call or address W., Young Womens'
Christian Association, 1221 O'Farrell st.
WILL I N"g,v TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
wants domestic work of any kind, city or coun-
try. Call or address 229 5/_ Sixth si., room 4. :..; ; J.
VOUNG WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION TO
A do chamberwork or as housekeeper. Call or
address 1126 Market st. . : - >
VOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES A PLACE
A to do second work or general . housework in a
small family. Address 1042 Army st.
DRESSMAKER, GOOD FITTER, WISHES
AJ more engagements in families; 75c a day. Ad-
dress W. M., box 105. Call Office.
VOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK; WASH-
_*- leg or housecleaning. Call or address 306
Tenth st. ; •'•'TltiKT'i'tirFffili nTjP?Tt< \w-\\ ilVlW'filllfiiffl.l'l l
.-VOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO GEN-
A eral housework. Call or address 3211 Geary st..
near i.oyce. '
VOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
-*- tion to do chamberwork and sewing. Address
room 55, Abloom House., Grant ave. and Bush st.
SITUATION WANTED BY RESPECTABLE
IO woman for cooking in boarding-house or pri-
vate family; no objection to country; reference.
Call 1567 Market St.. bet. Eleventn and Twelfth.
"DEFINED WIDOW WISHES A POSITION
I A\, as housekeeper. 832 Mission St., room 6.
SITUATIONS 7 WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG FINN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
_ do general housework; wages $16. Call 42
Everett. . -
"yOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
Ado light housework. ' 9 Page st. ■ ■
CULTURED LADY~WitH _ EASTERN CER-
titicate wishes engagements a3 teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. J. E., care of
' Sherman, Clay <fc Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
TYRESSMAKER — FIRST-CLaSS CUTTER
J-/ and fitter desires engagements at $1 25 a day;
satisfaction guaranteed. . Address B. H. A., box 28,
Call Office. T
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL DESIRES SITUA-
tIon for general housework. Apply 23 Perry st.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERI-'
enced girl for general housework: best city
reference; wages not less than $25. Call or ad-
dress 1205 Laguna st.
0 ITUATION WANTED BY A WILLING GER-
kJ man girl to do general housework. Apply at
428 Chestnut St., In the rear.
EXPERIENCED YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES
-^-igood place as housekeeper. 105 Stockton, rm.22.
VOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
A housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable, a pply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
rx ERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE IN GER-
VJ man family to do upstairs work and wait on
ab e. 468 Jessie st.
VOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
A typewriter.* 873V - , Market St., room 13, second
floor.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»' Market; 200 rooms; 25c to si 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week ; convenient and respectable:
free bus to and from he fern-.
SITUATIONS WANTED -MALE.
FOR GOOD HELP OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS^
private families and hotels, go to C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. Tel. Grant 185.
1-* C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
A . branches :short notice. 14 Geary, ;tel.Grant4Q.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
vldes best help. 314b Sutter st.; tel. Grant 30.
UNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: teL 231."
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell: tel. E. 426.
Yy ANTED-EMPLOYMENT BY A RELIABLE
ii man; speaks 'French and English. Address
Steady, O. P., box 61, Call Office.
V Of NG MAN DESIRES SITUATION IN THE
A country; orchard work preferred: wages no ob-
ject: a good home tne thing. Address W., box 16,
Call Office.
YY ANTED— POSITION AS WATCHMAN OR
ii in wholesale house by a steady and sober
man (German): willing to do work by watchman.
Please address L. M., box 24, Call Office.
"L-URST - CLASS FRENCH GARDENER
X. wishes situation on a private place. Address
A. 8., 503 Folsom.
riOACHMAN, AGE 25: FIRST-CLASS REF-
\J ences from present employer. Address B. R..
box 18. this office.
SOBER, TRUSTWORTHY MAN WANTS
L J position to run small engine; good references.
Address E., box 160, Call Office. *
At IDDLE AGED MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
XIX ment at nursing, store work or other light
work: city reference. D.. box 167, Ca1l Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY MAN TO CARE
for horses and garden in private family: best
references. MIKE JORDAN, 128 O'Farrell St.
ITUATION WANTED, CITY OR COUNTRY,
O as clerk, salesman or driver: ten vears' general
experience in this city; reference if required. Ad-
dress E. G. 11., box 86, Call Office.
ITUATION, CITY OR COUNTRY, TAKE
care of private place; good home more of an
object than high wages. Address J. L., box 78,
this office.
VOUNG, HONEST MAN (SCANDINAVIAN)
A wishes situation as day or night watchman :
willing to furnish a few hundred dollars' security
if required ; city or Oakland preferred. Address J.,
box 65, this office.
WANTED BY 2 JAPANESE; FIRST-CLASS
" chamber-workers, general cooks and skillful
at washing clothes, or first-class dishwashers; citv
oriountry. Apply 1012 Valencia st. ..'-...■. .'
AN ACTIVE AND INTELLIGENT MAN
seeks a position as bookkeeper and corres-
pondent; city references and security if required.
Address A. A., box 31, Call Office.
\\" ANTED— BY A COMPETENT STENOG-
xx raplier and type-writer, situation in a law of-
fice, with opportunity to study law. E. K., box 1,
Call Office.
VOUNG MAN.INTELLIGENT. SPKAKSGEK-
A man, wishes position as bartender; best of
references. Address B. 1., box 63, Call Office.
pOACHMAN~ANP GARDENER WISHES A
VJ situation: has first-cli^s references; .city or
country. Address L. 8., box 78. this office.
"YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE A POSITION
A driving delivery wagon. Address D. D., box 32,
Call Office.
A'OUNG MAN WITH 2 YEARS' EXPERI-
J. ence wishes a situation as barber. Apply 416
Fulton st.
YY^IDL DO ANY KIND OF WORK IN CATHO-
xI lie family; moderate wages; good reference.
Address J., box 19, Call.
WANTED— WORK BY A PAPER-HANGER;
1 1 iny kind. HALL, 1137 Mission st.
VOUNG MAN OF 20 WISHES SITUATION
.1 of any kind; driving wagon preferred. Apply
525 Natoma st. ,--■-.
YOUNG STRONG SCOTCHMAN LATELY
I from Scotland; best of character; wants manual
labor of any kind. Address A. R, box 57, Call.
y FIRST-CLASS WASHER an d SHIRT
Ironer. Address W. 1., box 57. Call Office.
W' A.N 1 ED-BY COOK-HELPER, JOB IN A
logging or mining camp to run kitchen and
dining-room: 10 years' experience. Address G.
R.. box 78, Coll Office.
A NTED-WOR K BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking orotlier
work: city or country. Please address H. VIE-
LIT/_, 631 Sacramento St.. room 86.
COMToSITOR, COMPETENT IN* BOOK AND
job work, wants position; English and Ger-
roan. Please call or address 11. _* 15 Langton st.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
GERMAN oIFr^WF7DD7irCoO^cT?3S7cOOK7
Oakland, $25; nurse, $20: 12 housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, as-
sist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
ERMAN GIRL: HOUSEWORK; VALLEJO:
$20. MISS qULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
PROTESTANT REFINED NURSE GIRL,
$15; housework, Salinas, $20; Los Gatos, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
C CHAMBERMAID; LODGING-HOUSE ; $IE
\J MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
ANTED-COOK~FOR A CLUBHOUSE, $35 ;
German or French second girl, $20: 3 cooks,
German style, $25 and $30; Scotch, English or
North of Ireland nurse, $25: cook and laundress,
$25, and girls for cooking and housework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT <fc Co., 312 Sutter.
CIOOK, GERMAN STYLE, $30; 2 GERMAN
' downstairs girls, $25 and $30; German house-
work girls, $20, and others for city and country.
C.J*.. HANSEN & CO . 110 Geary st.
} EXPERIENCED CHAMBERMAID, ■ RST-
X class hotel; call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. '
ANTED-FRENCH SECOND GIRL FOR
small family, $25; 20 good housework girls,
$25. $-'() and $15. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st.
ANTED— A RELIABLE MIDDLE-AGED
woman for general housework, washing, i on-
ing, assist in care of children. Inquire 908 Twenty-
first St.
1," I RST-CLASS GERMAN NURSE CAPABLE
. of taking charge of an infant and who under-
stands sewiug; reterences required. Address T. A
box 85, Call office.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; MUSIC
T lessons and practice time given for part pay-
ment of wages. 12a Garden St., off Harrison, near
Sixth.
YY r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
»" housework in family of 2: reference required-
wages $12 per month. Call 1306 Hayes st., near
Devisadero.
IRL WANTED TO DO HOUSEWORK AND
cook for family of 2. Apply 822b" Union St.,
bet. 10 and 2 o'clock.
ANTED— A NEAT GIRL TO ASSIST IN
general housework: wages $10. Call bet. 10
and 2 at 2415 Fillmore st.
ELI A BLE GIRL UNDERSTANDING CARE
of youug children and housework. 1001 Mc-
Allister 8!.
V OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
A $8. 1535 Mission st.
ANTED- A YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework; wages $12. 12 Bowie place.
ANTED-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
w-erk and take care of child. 2833 Pine st. -
ANTED— INTELLIGENT YOUNG LADY
to solicit. M., box 86, Call Office.
WANTED— GERMAN GIRL ACCUSTOMED
to delicacy-store. Call at 532 Hayes st.
p IRL TO CARE FOR CHILDREN AFTER^
xj noons. 1109 Bush st. " .
A YOUNG GIRLS TO ASSIST, $12; IIOUSE-
girls, cooks, $15 to $25. 315 Sutter st.
VOUNG LaDY* AS CASHIER FOR A LARGE
A retail bouse, must have city experience; also a
saleslady with city experience for muslin under-
wear department. United States. Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
YY ANTED— YOUNG - SOPRANO FOR THE
II stage. Address S„ box 20, this office.
YY ANTED— GIRLS TO LEARN DRESSMAK-
■i ing and millinery In first-class establishment-
good position guaranteed. 121 Post St., room 27'
over O'Connor & Moffatt's.
WANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
ii how to cut regular tailor system: only reliable
system; no models, charts or squares used. COH
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter St.. city.
W A NTED-A CONSECRATED CHRISTIAN
ii woman to take charge of a home for conva-
lescents (girls and women). Apply for particulars
at the Bureau of the French Christian Union of
California, 1520 Clay St., from 1 to 2 p. jr.
GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. SW~
cor. Geary and Devisadero sts. ' .
YY A NTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY- NEW
I 1 1 - term commences this mo. Room 61, 121 Post.
HELP "WANTED-Contlnned.
©7?; A MONTH. GUARANTEED TO LADY
W " xJ with $1000 to invest, party investing to
have full control of cash. Address D., this office.
HE N.Y. CLOAK SUIT HOUSE LEADS
low prices; on sale, 590 dresses. 1210 Market.
GIRLS WANTED FOR COUNTRY DANCE*
hall. Call at 248 Fourth st., room 2, from 10
A. m. tO 10 p. M.
Miss DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MlL-
linery cinss at her home, 14 Chattanooga st.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
AIRDRESSING, AND 35c: MORNING
and ev'gclasses;lo lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSK— DRE«»S-
catt'.ng school. 1231 Market St.. bet. Bth and 9th.
BESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system.' 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
\\r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'i Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up: pupils wanted.
MALE HELP WA -TJiD.
\yX NTED— iT3__I^iRSrS2~SOTO $2 "tjTday!
xl machine blacksmith for Central America. $6
day silver: 2 carpenters fo<- Central America, $6
day silver; butler, tiemakers, choreman for
ranch and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS BUTLER; SEC-
ond cook, plain hotel, $26. L. ANDRE, 315
Stockton st.
p AS. BCHAFFLE R, THE COOK, PLEASE
VJ call or communicate with C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
"L* IBST*CLASS BUTLER, PRIVATE FAMILY,
U good wages. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
WANTED— AN INTELLIGENT, INDUSTRI-
'" ous and sober salesman, who is well acquainted
with the retail liquor and grocery trade in this
city; must be able to drive horse and delivery
wagon: only active, lively man need apply. Ad-
dress K. & Co., box 90. this office.
WANTED— AN UNMARRIED MAN TO AC-
'» cept a position as salesman in a general mer-
chandise store in the country: must understand
dry goods and clothing thoroughly: must also be
able to dress windows. Apply to MEYER BROS.,
121 Post st. on Friday morning. January 24, be-
tween the hours of 10 and 11 o'clock. '=:.-..
SEAMEN FOR NEW YORK. EUROPE AND
Sydney at 10 Steuart st., upstairs.
BOY W'ANTED. STALLS 1 AND 2 CENTER
Market. - •>.: yy;/
BARBER WANTED AT 602 CLAY ST., FRl-
day and Saturday. Call early.
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS TAMALE-MAKER
'' at 532 Hayes st.
PRESS"-BOY WANTED. RUSS & HENICKE,
310 Kearny st. --.-■_ ' ■- . ; . -.-
"1 f|f| MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 6c; CLEAN
-•- VI xj towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14*/2 Montgomery ave.
Cfin MEN TO GET A FINE STYLISH, DU-
OXJXJ rable calf shoe to order, $2 50. 959 Howard.
COMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED GLOVE
salesman, with late city experience, for a first-
class position: also an Al dress-goods salesman,
competent to dress windows for a first-class house.
United states Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building.
0 ALOON-KEEPER TO SOLICIT TRADE FOR
O a new outside brewery ; liberal terms to right
party. Apply bet. 1 and 2r. m„ HERMAN, 637
Clay st. . . -_v
RESS-GOODS SALESMAN; ONLY ONE OF
experience and ability need apply. Address
D. a, box 37, Can.
GLOVE AND HOSIERY SALESMAN WITH
a thorough knowledge of his business. Ad-
dress Glove, box 83, Call.
GOOD PICTURE-CANVASSERS WANTED:
1 good commissions. 76-5 Market, rm. 10, 9 to 3.
MAN WITH $25 TO JOIN ME; GOOD PROP-
oslilon. A., box 131, this office.
WANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
' x their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection: no charge unless successfuL
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutter, r. 4.
BEST MEAL ON E A Kill ; WELL COO K D ;|8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
BARBERS— GOOD-PAYTNG 2-CIIAIR SHOP;
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— SALESMEN' OF ABILITY AND
»* .experience to sell our line of school furniture
and supplies; references required. THE WHIT-
AKER<t RAY CO., 723 Market St., second floor.
WANTED MAN TO WORK FOR HIMSELF;
M can clear $150 per month; must have $50
cash. Address CASH, box 31, Call Office.
W ANTED-FOR THE U. S. S. ADAMS,
(shortly to sail for Honolulu), about 60 men
comprising seamen, ordinary seamen, machinists,
(first-class), carpenters, mates, shipwrights and
blacksmith. Apply at 421 East st.
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
OLD - ESTABLISHED 4 -CHAIR BARBER-
shop; best location in city. Apply Call Office.
BA BER~SHOP: BEST LOCATION IN CITY;
sickness cause sale. Apply this office.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant are. S. FUCHS.
WANTED— GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
rp AILORS— ADVERTISER WITH FIRST-
-l class business has an opening for young man
to learn cutting, fitting and the general routine of
merchant tailoring: small premium required;
good references given and required. Apply A.
GEE, Merchant Tailor. Placerville.
"Y*EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-»- , l Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up: open alt night. ... .
B ARBEBS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238^j O'Farrell st.
THE RAILROAD HOUSE, 633 COMMERCIAL
St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 16c night,
25c for two; best and cleanest bouse in town.
OSEDALE HOUSE. 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
VTEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-Li rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
FOR TH BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
try 13y a Grant ave.; coffee a specialty.
BEST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes. 726%, opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-Li 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
"W ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
all to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ME TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
11 Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
"liirtMEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOc, I.lc
1 ' 'Xf and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
C24 Washington St., near Kearny.
EST IN CIT I'— SINGLE BOOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per nigh:-, $1. $1 25, $1 50 p«r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
! 1 week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
steam beer, sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
TV | EN'S %-SOLING 50c: LADIES* 40c: DONE
-lU. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
LIN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
single furnished rooms: 75c week, 16c night.
!.> ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
IJ ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
If* REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c-
also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
4-00 MEN'S SECOND-HANDED SHOES.SOME
•AXJXJ nearly new. 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission st.
RY ACME HOUSE, 857 MARKET ST., BE-
x low Sixth, for a room ; 25c a night; $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR:
Ming shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery- all repairing at half price; work guar-
anteed. obi Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WASTED, ~
OOMKTHING NEW FOR AGENTS: LADIES
KJ or gentlemen can make from $.. to $10 a day.
Apply 2 to 6 p. n., 1155 Howard st.
/■IALII-OIINIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
y wants good agents to work Its accident and
5l- k T.i*?l-?? c ? : ■'-*"-" Inducements offered. J.
w . hann A Secretary. Murphy building.
EUIiNITUUE AVANTED
n^*s^}fllS, PAID FOR FURNITURE. lA-
VJ COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
A BSOLUTJELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
-ii- second-hand furnituieand carpets by Lundv
> urnlture p.. 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
ROOMS WANTED.
OJJR 3 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*J 'Ught housekeeping; exchange for painting,
whitening or paper-hanging. Painter, box 133. Call
Vol. No COUPLE (NO. CHILDREN) ; WANT
A 2 or 3 suuny unfurnished rooms In immediate
vicinity of Polk and Geary sts. . State rent. T. A.,
box 2, Call.
WANTED— BY FEBRUARY 1.2 OR 3 HOUSE-
' 1 keeping rooms, unfurnished, within boundaries
of Thirty-ninth Assembly District. Address D..
box 102, this office. . .
HOARDING WANTED;
SMALL FAMILY', 2 CHILDREN," WANT
board and rooms in respectable Jewish family.
Address 1'... box 74. this office.
PARTNERS WANTED. ~~~~
WANTED— PARTNER, WITH $200 TO RUN
ousiness half time; can inspect accounts. Ad-
dress C. C, box 16, Call Office.
A PERSONALS. ■_^
SYFTIArr^IENNAr?!? HAIR DYE; PER-
fectly harmless: easily applied; all druggists.
■ LANG LEY & MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F.
" * J. GILLIS, SEND ADDRESS TO M. 8.. BOX
A. 57. Ca1l Office, p ■
MY WIFE, LOUISA MOELLEK. HAVING
left my bed and board, I will not be responsi-
ble for any' debts or bills contracted by her here-
after. HENRY MOELLER.
'AN TED-TO MAKE THE ACQUAINT.
11 ance of woman owning her own home In
country; children no objection; object matrimony;
industrious, relitble German; age 40. Address R.
G., box 31, Call Office. '
TENANTS EJECTED; SUITS SUPEBIOR.JUS-
tices' Courts collections.' A.HOO 13,328 Mont'g.
rriHE WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, LATE OF
1 New York, has located; all the new appliances
ana methods for curing diseases; inflammation,
ulceration and prolapsus successfully treated; In-
fallible remedies for irregularities; testimonials iu
office; consultation free, office, 28 Murphy bldg
EAFNESS— THE AUR'APHONE HESTORES
Al lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed -ree. F. F. FINLAY, 1 0 California sl.^F.
TF THE LADY WHO PAID $1 50 YESTERDAY
1 for a switch will go to G. LEDERER'S, 111
Stockton st., this week she will find the same for
$1; $1 switches, 75c; hairdressing, 25c.
<» I A ROOM: CARPI CLEANED ON THE
*Jp 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable: collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE. att'y-at-law. 850MarkeU cor. Stockton.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
r at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NE. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. . J. NOON AN,
1017,1019,1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
O showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission St., above -ixth.
MRS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout Agues.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes -Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., San Francisco.
VOR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A
J STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars aadress or apply 424
Pine st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVER* ROOM— WIN-
X chester Bouse, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $B per
week ; free bus to and from the ferry.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Grant ave,,
where the best of coal can be bad at lowest prices.
IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 943 Market st.
1 f\l\l\ BUSINESS CARDS, $160: TELE-
■LUUU phone "Black 141." HlLL. 724*^ Market.
I.D BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission St., near Eighth.
LOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
DRESSMAKERS.
RADLEYisis^GEARY— ELEGANT STYL-
ish suits made, $5 up. Dresses made over.
UITS $3: SKIRTS 75C; SILK WAISTS, LAT-
est style, $1 50; fit guaranteed. 659 Stevenson.
RKSSES"CUT AND FITTED, $3: DRESSES,
popular prices: waists $3. 1 1 Geary st.
CLAIKVOY ants.
C.LAIRVOYABCT EXTRAORDINARY—
) Hundreds visit mystic PROFESSOR ZAUZIC,
oecult, scientist, palmist, clairvoyant, 313 Mason:
hours 9 to 8; sittings 50c; satisfaction guaranteed.
BESTCLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents; 25c. 206 Fourth st.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. LEON.
palmist clairvoyant; tells thetruthand nothing
but the truth. 533 Post. 9to 8 dali ■ ; also Sunday.
BEST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents 25c 206 Fourth st.
MADAM PORTER, CARD-READER: TELLS
the past, present and future; ladies 60c, gents
$1; palmistry, . clairvoyant; sittings $150. 128
Turk st., near Jones. :. ••..-- .;^- -.
Vf ME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
xx A on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
LIGHT READS YOU R CAREER FROM.
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5.865V_. Market.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs-, noth-
ing excepted; names given: good' advice; sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy, mistake Im-
possible; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
MME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MM STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
great clairvoyant and card- reader: seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned 10
! her old rooms in san Francisco; ladies and gents
60c. 917 Market St.. parlors 3 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM.
EO.CRASP— CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 8 P. M.;
tests to all; 15 cents. 229 Golden Gate ave.
RS. MAUDLORD DRAKE, 7OB O'FARRELL;
public circle to-night and Sunday night.
C^< YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS, 50c; SUNDAYS
X Included ; handsome charms free. 946 Mission.
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 697 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
LOST.
LOST- POCKET - BOOK CONTAINING
gold and 15c silver; some jewelry. 1054' ■_
Howard at. vsfi&ffllSMfX-H-
-OST-GORDON SETTER DOG ABOUT 15
months old. Reward at 1007 Dolores st.
LOST - WATER SPANIEL: REDDISH
brown curly hair: reward. 1909 Buchanan at.
BLACK AND WHITE GREYHOUND DOO.
Liberal reward at 1108 Howard st.
I OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
Xx not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $6, 204 'lurk St., near Jones.
MONEY, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
papered and painted bv the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister st.
5
FOUND.
pLAIN GOLD RING. "aPPT-Y^TcTbUSh" ST\
dentists. ~~~ ~ ~
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK\"tTTE^TeNiTiNK
Leek dentist, discoverer of nalnless extract, on
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
Pa I X LESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROW S
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
I ill. 11. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE*
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. EXTRACTION PAINLESS^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ave.
C ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 739 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
lrmss; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c. with gas if 1.
$7 A SETiFORtTEirms* WARRANTED 'A3
«IP • good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R.-|LUDLUMiHILi-j 14*4 3 MARKET ST.,"
near Eleventh: no charge tor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
/ VOLT ON LEVI Vi ASSOCIATION. 806 MART
V ket st. DR. CHA RLES XV. DECKER.
DP.. J.J. LEEK, 1806 MARKET, CO RTGOLDEN
Gate ave.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE . AND W V IV
ranted. DR. .1. W. KEY. 1122 Market si.
WaXTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
*1 \rA NTED - A GOO D^TONEDiSuPRiShT
xx pianola exchange for large diamond ring. ad-
dress A. K., box 77, Call Office. - .
p ASOLIN E ENGINE, 3 OK 4 HORSE PoWKlt"
\.T or sihhll gasoline launch In running order. Ad-
dress J. FULTON, box 34, Napa.
WAN I ED-*. OUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repairing: best work at bait the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW -
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth st.: send postaL
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. "
ADVICE i REE \i DIVORCE AND
JA laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable; collection. ma
O.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, b5O Market. cor
rn ■{• MURRY, A ' "'V AND Cv>UMaKi_o"_i
JL -Jaw; advice I'rte. -_>4 Sixth st., room. 14 15
"VV jy-DAV IDSON, ATTORNEY^TO^wW
" » California surma. 14-16: advice fre* '
physicians!
it)^*^ft u S^-*^-*i^^iw-roN^V"if
U\ Oivenity 1 unn.ltaly. N ,„.,, , s b, ij.ntil mV^
KEMOVjfiD— DR. c c 0i,..w-i ,
' "*^j^£Lgl women a specialty.
i-.1l LIN,, an,, LOAN ASSOC] .ii^n
I v«»« i-iutiuge \.vc.,\v Corbin.sec.&Gca.M-.a-^^^^JgTTSIXESB CHAN CBS.
8850 1?^. R, ?!? U ' : IK SIGN" BUSINESS
i^ivlll_!ii- , ?S,!S-i%--JS*S^ letter agency: $17 to
*-'U a week: trlaL^ JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny.
5^825 A , SXAI> > CO RNER~THIKD STREET.
V. • •_.-. ssloon. near Market: big stock: good
fixtures ;cnesp at £850. JOHNSTON, 26: .. Kearnv.
$600 g'^'A'JJvANT; A 810 BARGAIN;
ORE ON KBABNY NEAR
N-n IN 26i^Kea"rnVsL
<*'' 7 7 n ROCK ! ' v AND BAB AT A s_Ccßi:
•-. - I O. nee. JOHNSTONrce^Kei^nyit
8800 RAR E„ CH-^N'-'K, PRODUCE AND
t»W__ v ' • dairy business; old established; qood
/nHNß^v'w.-V n!onth; can be improved.
- J 1 HNSION. 2bLj Kearny st.
8f)00 I '-V - * i >, WANTED WHOLESALE
•7 V . an^ retall P rod "ce and commission
business in busiest country town in California-
£2 !^.-S*?So opportunity * or some active man.'
>11NBI ACQ., 632 Market st.
5£9.9f% BRANCH BAKERY, DELICATESEN
*s. — .— *J. store: Western Addition; living-rooms-
«^._5 to _?*S ; suitable -or man and wife. Sll-N-
-BERG A CO., 632 Market st.
81000 ? A KERY, NORTH OF MARKET.'
tij, xxjxjxj. baking 2\4 barrels dailv; 2 horses,
wagons: weekly receipts $160; 5 living-rooms l
c-eapr-nt: lease; no opposition; bargain.' STEN-
KERG a CO., 632 Market st. -
<-",,i Lr QUOR STORE; FULL VALUE
OOOU. &tock. STENBERG A CO.. 032 Market.
<•>->-. PARTNER, RESTAURANT: TEND
'•• -_.«-_ '-"• cash counter: owner thorough business
V,"?-?, :^ I>ar * ner Preferred to hired help. STEN-
BERg CO., 632 Market st.
B*^oo RESTAURANT, BLOCK FROM CITY
tiptjxjxj. Hall: receipts average S2O: owner 4
vases; leaving the city. STENBERG <fc CO, 632
Market su, opp. Palace.
97^ SALOON, KEARNY ST.; NICELY
**".T ic*. fitted up: this place is very inviting
t-l _.A"« ab , Ie for '-'P er sons: expenses light; bargain.
st EN BERG CO., 632 Market st.
-OAKERY. COFFEE PARLOR: VERY* BEST
location; finest fitted-up place In city; has very
large counierand outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
riflce. STENBERG it CO, 632 Market st.
<-l 7 'S GROCERY* STORE-GOOD BUSINESS:
V, T ' U. good location; good stock; great bar-
gam. H. STANLEY, 9 Geary st., room 2.
*£9f.n LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
t&*.XJXJ. 3 years: clearing $20 week: suitable
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY", 9
Geary, room 2.
Q4nn partner wanted; indoor
t&rxxjXJ. business: run by present owner 14
years; suited to plain steady man satisfied with
575 to $100 a month; trial given. STANLEY', 9
Geary, room 2.
"Vy HEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
" ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. JOHN reijjy * co., ISVa Sixth st.
OK SALE"— HOUSE. 25x100, WITH RES-
taurant and bar; 4 furnished rooms; doing a
business of $45 daily among factories: no better
location: eround rent $20. with lease: owner going
to Europe. REIDY <fc CO., 18 y_ Sixth st.
I "'INE SALOON DOING GOOD NESS IN
connection with lodging-house of lOelegantlv
famished rooms; splendid location; must be sold ;
owner go int. REJDY* A CO., 1H\ 2 Sixth st.
j NEK GROCERY AN BAR WITH UV-
V ing rooms; rent $25: price $1000; in Western
Addition: kent by owner 10 vears; wants tore-
tire. Particulars 533 California st., Phcenix Bar.
V ICE —TO SELL Y'OCR BUSINESS
■I* promptly for cash. H EAL Y ,__ CO.. 23 Kearny.
<2l7^n BAKERY ACROSS THE BAY BA K-
*--. I UVI . ing 6 barrels per day: 2 double wagons:
4 horses: best class of custom : rent 120; proprietor
is owner of property, and is retiring from business;
$350 cash, balance to be paid out of profits of busi-
ness; clearing $175 month. HEALY", 23 Kearny.
< '-. 7 "-_ COR. SALOON; NEAK TERMINUS
V-*-* • O. of railroad; handsomely fitted up: doing
good business; call to-aay. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
*39fif..l RESTAURANT AT POTRERO
xp>—VJ\j\j. do ng a business of $50 per day; -i
rooms: building included in sale; so such bargain
ever offered for sale; best of reason for selling.
Apply W. F. HEALY" it CO., 23 Kearny st.
O/lAfl BOUTE FOR SALE CLEARING $75
". . 'XJ. a month; horse and light wagon; trial
y.ven. Apply HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
5 ~\ 1 1 SALOON IN BUSINESS CENTER;'
*-. .JOxJ. established years : lar^e ; patronase: rent
$35; lease 4 years. Call 533 Cal. st., Phoenix Bar.
(CO^fl OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE; CEN-
dtJU, tral; low rent: clears $100 montn: great
bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF, E653& Market st.
© 1 77f\ ~A4P zz -- 5450
, i' luu ' Saloon on MarKet St.; great bargain.
DECKER. 1206 Market st.
QftXfl OLD ESTABLISHED SALOON ON
•irOtJU. California su; value of fixtures and
stock. $1200; must be sold to-dav: particulars 533
California St., Phoenix Bar. WILKE.
PARTNER WANTED IN GENERAL c:oM-
A mission business, handling different lines of
poods: present proprietor constantly traveling: and
needs a partner to take charge indoors; capital re-
quired about $5000. to so entirely into the business.
Address Commission Merchant, box 47, this office.
< 1 (\(\ AN ACTIVE. INTELLIGENT BUsII
KJXXJVJ. ness man with $500 cash wanted in
manufacturing and wholesale agency business;
$100 per month guaranteed. M., box 85, Ca1l Office.
\»" ANTED— PRINTING OUTFIT, COUNTRY
lx newspaper and job office; will exchanee first-
class real estate for same. C. S. YOUNG, 602
Market st.
Y»* ANTED-PURCHASERFOR FIRST-CLASS
'» shotshop with eood traie; cheap rent; must
sell at once: good reasons for selling. T. A.
POTTS, 413 Seventh St., Oakland.
QXfJACASH WILL BUY HARDWARE-
♦I tJXJX) store. stock and fixtures at less than half
price; principals call immediately. 546 Mission.
UT ANTED- LODGING-HOUSE: $200 CASH.
1 1 balance in i__;;alimeL:B. Address B. H., 869
Mission st.
SALOON CHEAP-GOOD REASONS. IN-
quire 500 Ellis st.
U*AN 1-• I (-PARTNER IN COALYARD. IN-
-11 ouire northeast cor. Mission and Fourteenth st.
CASH AND REAL ESTATE~FOR LODGLNG-
house. Address H., box 5, Call Office. • -
•< ')') \ ESTAUBA N 1 -GOOD LOCATION^
t3+.~tJ. cheap rent; a bargain. Apply Call Office.
AX NT-HALF INTEREST IN WELL-ES-
-x. tablished lunch counter for sale cheap. Ad-
dress T., box 52, this office.
PA RTNEB~WANTED WITH $800 TO $1000-
-solid business: pays $5000 to $8000 sure per an-
num: bank references. Address 8., box 7, Call.
PARTNER, WITH $150, IN PAYING OFFICE
business; no experience necessary. A. J., box
20, Call office.
Il<OR SALE— RESTAURANT: <*OOD LOCA-
ion; cheap for cash. Apply to A. J. MEADOWS,
room 1, 124 Sansome st.
"UAKERY, HORSES, WAGON: GOOD BUSI-
JJ ness chance cheap. Bakery, Call Office, Oak-
land.
HE TRANSFER SALOON FOR SALE; REA-
sonable. Apply 795 Mission.
T\ ' 1 DOW OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
11 partner in good paying business. 29.:'- Turk.
/GROCERY AND SALOON SALETS EW
VT stock; good reason for selling. Apply 223 15th.
OLD-ESTABLISHED BUSINESS; DELICT-
eies, tamale and supper parlor for sale: reason-
able; account of poor health. 613 Jones st.
(21 -^I\ BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES FOR
•- XUXJ. sale; cheap rsnt. GEO. C. YOUNG
Petaluma.
S.M i.l. VAKIETY-STORE FOIrSALE; REA-
sonable. 3110 sixteenth st,, above Valencia.
MUST SELL ON* ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS :
branch bakery and notion-store. 1210 Steiner.
FOR SALE CHEAP; SALOON IN Al LOCA-
X tlon; owning party going out of business. Ad-
dress P. G., box 19, Call Office.
BUTCHEBS. AT-TENTTONTSM aLL CAPITAL
will buy shop, 2 horses, wagons, route, etc ■
must sell; make au offer. 1018 Alabama.
<2jl £.(' CORNER CIGAR-STORE; FINE FIX-
1 OX', Hires and stock; no night or Sunday
work. Apply HERMAN*. 228 Pacilic.
d>oo^ GROCERY. NOTION, CIGAR AND
tg)£u£.tJ. tobacco business; a bargain for one who
has the coin; no agents. 921 Howard st.
K" EST AURA T. MARKET > I .. . l| A PTOOOD
business; bargain. BARCLAY' & LYNCH, 935
Market st.
OENEBAL MERCHANDISE STORE FOR
XT sale, 52000: or, half interest; full investiga-
tion; next to P. O. box 1, Brentwood, Cal.; re-
liable single man preferred.
BAKERY, NOTION AND CANDY STORE FOP.
sale cheap. 909 Bryant.
RANCH BAKERY, COFFEE OP. LUNCH
place: good location; cheap rent; on account of
leaving cily, must be sold for your own offering.
Apply Call. Office. ;
Q7£A BUTCHER BUSINESS. SELLING
«J3 ' OxJ, 4, beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 500 pounds
veal a week; rent $14: 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
452 Tehama St., bet. Fifth and Sixth. ,
7*. OAL AND FEED BUSINESS IN OAKLAND,
\ 1 clearing from $.* to *8 per day. J. H. EDSON,
20 San Pablo ave., Oakland. ;
POB SALE— MY HALF-INTEREST IN -ES-
J taurant: cheap; other business cause. -*- Apply
29 Sixth st.
] .MRST- CLASS SALOON FOR oAI.K; LOCA-
X Hon; trade; lease. Add. C. H, box 119. CalL
Mi lED~LADY WANTS A PABTNEB
in saloon: $100. - Inquire at Call Office.
j >A lIGaTn"- RETIRING FROM BIS!
Al !am:)y.ho:el; 30 years; 60 rooms; : bur; restau-
*?__-i-_ n ' 0it *' centrally located, v Apply 507 Pine st.
13 A PER ROUTE FOR KALE. TJ LE Ai'lf
1 Hill district, covers IS blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase, are very good.
filP'J^his office, principals only.
UAKERY AND~NOTrONSrCHEAP; RENT
''■*■-■■ agents. Inqnire this office.
'7/~ • . STOKAGB
f)V'; L La ?^~^^Tght^^r^sff]^,coT;
-i ,5 1 . a . B^'-iou!.- sts.— Furniture and goods
racked, snipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rales ; advances made. Tei. south 388. ,
OTORAGE OF FURNITURETPIANOS, HOUSE?
O bo.d goods, et& J. m. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
\l-jl.s<i.N BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
»I Storage; low rates;, telephone South 762.
tODGING-HOtlSl-S FOB SALE.
JR 300^7-—— — -^cX^rr ~
1206 MMKetl Payinelt ? ts: --*-room bouse. DECKER,
H <^i. t " I*~1 *~- iO - OOAIN,i-INE BAR, 60 BOARD-
Mark". : W* ll6l1 8 . ; l0 suit- DECKER, . 1206
<£ *>95 10-ROOM: HOUSE; GOOD LOCA'I ION?
x- ZTZP' 18 {00°*8*. best corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st - ' 850
20 rooms ; sunny corner ; m usV sell '. '7.77777 '. 700
10-room house: very central. .............. . 150
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St.. cor Taylor.
&60 000 Vlr-J^^" ° yj FURNTI'URE.
t^.UU'.VJUU DECKER, 1206 Market at.
&1900 0011 HOUSE, NEAR the
t&A~XJxJ. Baldwin. DECKER, 1206 Market.
60 «o°,nn*s;M? IN .*"- *-*°KNER: WORTH $5000;
XJXJ $2000 buy lu See DECKER. 1206 Market.
f^fiOO 14 ROOMS, ALL FRONT; FINE
tpyyxj. furnituM; north of Market; part cash;
sacrifice. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st. .
S'7oft -44 ROOMS; CLEARS OVER $100
<47 * xjxj, per month; trial given. 115 Second at.
*ftl 9 Y IROOMING-HOUSE; 20 ROOMS. CALL
M* L__.U.4}j Seventh st.. upstairs.
FURNITURE FOK SALE. ~
"U r E wilX^iove^ebrcTary^l^ i '
' 1 Previous to movlue to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. '. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) ............'. 75c
English Linoleum (laid) ....36c
SHIREK & SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED
. dim:; new folding-beds, 89 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
EDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK. NEW AND"
Ai, second-hand: 400 carpet* good . as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, *19 up: linoleum. 45c: 'I-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 250:
ranges, $6: cash or Installments: goods shippei
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth St.
CABPK CL i-_ AXING.
CIAB A ND~RENOVATED
' like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <fc CO., successors.
eTmitchell CARPET CLEAN ing CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J' MCQUEEN'S carpet beating and ren-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
"VT ATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND REND
--.N vating Works HAMPTON &BAILLY : layln?
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission U.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
11 poor work send to SPAULDING'S PionserCar-
pet Beating Works, 853-7 Tehama; tei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. sSJ
L' Golden (Sale ave. : telephone east 126.
PIANOS. VIOLINS, ETC.
~q}: 1 1 UPBIGUTPI ANO^ ALSO SQUARE
t&OVJ. good order. Storage-house, 211 LarKin st.
"ipOR CASH; WILL SELL 1 LARGE UPRIGHT
X piano; price $90. Room 21, Flood building.
"I? INE CHICKEBI BEAUTIFUL CASE-
X will be sacrificed at once by partv leaving the
city; cash or installments. Boom 10, Flood ■ bldg.
JTVLEGANTSTETNWAY OFFEREDBY PATRY'
X requiring casts at once;, a hue instrument.
Room 21, 809 Market st.
5 ECONDHAND DECKER A - PIANO;
O great bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Com-
pany, 769 Market st.
Pi ANO GIVEN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY NO
charge. Particulars at BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
FIN E TONE FISCHER UPRIGHT; GOOD AS
: new; $150. WM.G. BADGER, r. 1, 26 O'Farrell
SqA GREAT BARGAIN; ROSEWOOD
tJXJ. piano, $5 Installment- 221 Leavenworth.
HAINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER^
ence;. also renowned Bush A Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post St.
CONOVEB PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
great • sacrifice. The 1". W.SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
QtA A A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD I
O-L-LV/. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO.,
16 McAllister st.
"VTEW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
J-i^ bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Oflice.
PIANOS^ ~ ~
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson ; easy terms. '/35 Market st.
CHICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
■or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell.
GREAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
Piano House. 216 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'» rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or installments.
A S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
--*- for selling pianos has met with great success
we have deckled to continue supplying purchasers '■
that wish to take advantage of it- please call and i
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO., I
corner Kearny and Sutter Pa.
Qi A 17 Z. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER !
<p A •O. upright; perfect order. 101 9 Van Ness. \
DECKER BEOS., STEINWA Y.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used; ;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER <fe j
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell sl
I*l ASY TERMS ;;low PRICES. KCIILER A i
- CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER, i
Newby A Evans, Brjggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD A NEW !
H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Place. 1
OTEINWAY, $215: WEBER, $265; SOMER, \
KJ *237; Wily, |125; squares, *35 and $55. '
HEINE, 410 Post sc.
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH- j
-.*»- grade I". L. Neumann pianos for the holidays: 1
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st.
PEN FOR BUSINESS. . "
The finest lice of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
HOKSES. .
OFFER WANTED FOR GOOD PEDDLING OR
delivery horse. 1330 Sanchez st.
- 'x horse, BUTCHER'S CART,
' business buggy, business cart. 1620 Mission st.
FFER WANTED ON HORSE AND BUGGY.
Apply 402 Devisadero St.. city.
1 HEAD of well-broke WORK and
A VJXJ driving horses:, just from the country;
draught horses weighing from 1600 pounds up;
fast trotters; pacers. G. LINDAUKB, 862 Howard.
1?OR SALE OB EXCHANGE— A FINK ROAD
. ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
504 Sutter st. . • >
"I Crv SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR- j
.1 OxJ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and !
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
ORSES PASTURED: »a _ A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hj-de
ranch, 630 Commercial st,
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
geon for 8. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall ave.: telephone south 401.
Ail HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS
zAVI buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors*
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every We-»nes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TOO SETS SECONDHAND HARNESS; Aid*
AW kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cuts: ;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia st*. I
" ' - ——I
FOB. SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
Q99 elegant highTarST^wheeleS- j
----. WILSON No. 9 sewing-machine; oak j
finish; equal new; cause, departure. 801 Union.
2 FRESH DURHAM COWS; GOOD MILKERS;
gentle; for family. 1312 Folsom st.
Hood TOP baby CARRIAGE: PERFECT
order; $9. 33 Lily ave.
I/O It SALE— MINE ON THE MOTHER LODE
J in El Dorado County ;favorably located and close
! to railway; title, U. S. Patent: considerable devel-
sptnent: large vein; owner lacks capital: will sell
part or w oie; open for Inspection. For particu-
lars address A. E. HAMILTON, P. O. box «6,
Placerville, Cal. .. . , . ..
TJILLIARD AND POOL TABLE; A BARGAIN
xj Fifteenth ave. ' and San Bruno road. H.
SCHUUR. ■:■■-,
BELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. | 631 Howard st.
OR SALE-rVKRY CHEAP. FIVE SECOND
hand French ranges and 100 cook stoves: all
sizes. Call at once, SHUSTER BROS., 306 Suiter. •
EiOft SECONDHAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
XJXJ and prices from 26c -per yard- up. ■■ J.
NOONAN, 3017 to 1023 Mission St., above Slxtb.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND BAT.
XJ tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
MA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
GOLDEN GATE gas ENGINE. APPLY TO i
Browning A Bremer, gun store. 820 Kearny at
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATT A N~F
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
S-mset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrel' St., pea-
Stockton. /. '
B~ AR OUTFITS. MIRRORS.CASH REG ISTERsi
seales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
I? 188 . AND BURGLAR SAFE.. LETTER.
J press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay ]
MONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES FOR '
sa'jjor given away. . KAHN & CO., 220 Cal. st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LA ROE SIZE '
fire and burglar proof safe. 221. 223 Market st_ :
V : V. RANGES CHEAPER' 1 THAN SECOND -
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California su .
Cl 0l" N j _•_ it S. " SHELVING, CASKS I
VJ bought and sold 1121 Market bet. 7th and Hi a
■— 1 _____,__; 1
offices. to let.
vju^ss?tlyfTj]^^ -
-Ei able lor professional man ; occupied ten years
by dentist. 850 Market, cor. Stockton,' first floor.
9*l 7 GEARY— PARLOR" FLOOR; SUITABLE ,
-«jJ. I for business; key at 217V2- V J
}.*! 1 '.ANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS i '
-i building, 925- Market: rents low: ' no extra !
charge for gas, janitor services or healing. Apply .
si building or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montg. »_.'" J
SEWING MACHINES. ;. '
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED^ |
."1- rented, repaired ; lowest rates. ; : 205 Fourih st. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
_^ HOUSES TO LET.
ONE , 3 ST., BETTjACKSO^rAND^PAciFIC—
Neat 2-story bay-window house; 8 rooms -and
bath; rent low to a eood tenant." - )- » _' •■ *.
Bush, bet. Mason and Taylor— Fine 3-story bay-
window bouse; 9 rooms and bath; rent low to a
good tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., House Brokers and
Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE, 6 BOOMS, BATH/1921 EDDY ST:
also flat, 4 rooms, 48 Parker ave., off Point Lo-
bes ave., and Jpalntsbop 22x75 Broderick st., near
Geary. Inquire of A. MEYER, 2303 Geary st. ,
CORNER BAY-WINDOW "HOUSE; ALL MOD
ern: 7 rooms, bath, etc.; frescoed. Key at 326
Nineteenth st., cor. Lexington ave.
719 OCTAVIA— LOVELY LOWER FLAT, 7
4 AA rooms; bath; modern improvements; brick
basement. . v --.,. ,- -. .. .. .; - „_. .- ...P.. .P
A -ROOM COTTAGE, A 6-ROOM HOUSE, A
Tt 7-room house; rent very cheap. 1822 Filbert.
OUSE OF 7 NICE SUNNY ROOMS: BATH;
yard; basement. 1611 Leavenworth st.
1 ftl (*\ POINT LOBOS AVE.— NEW,
IU.LO date 7-room flat; sunny; $20,
1 1 f\(i UNION — 6 ROOMS, BATH, «21 50;
11UO 805 Union, 3 rooms $10. 4 rooms $11.
"1 P.9-1 CALIFORNIA — HOUSE 11 SUNNY
AOZiA rms. bath: newly painted, decorated; yard
HOUSE 7 NICE SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH;
yard. 224*/ 3 O'Farrell St.; rent $35. " .
GEARY— HOUSE "OF"! "l": ROOMS - AND
bath; rent reasonable; key at 217'/".. :
Q-9Q P.O WATER FREE; . - modern
«IP J-iV.OxJ, house; 6 rooms, alcove, bath, serv-
ant's room, laundry ; planked - basement. 1505
Jackson St.; key at corner house. ■ ..::. .._■•■
OUSE OF 6 BOOMS AND BAT _ AND
yard; 147 Valencia st, ; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
AVED-DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
M.'Ni. 10 -Montgomery st. -.
_^ FUBNISHED HOUSES.
ELEGANT FLAT (CENTRAL AND VERY
finest in the city) of 6 very large, sunny rooms,
bath, pant closets, etc.: suitable for residence
or busine-s, or living apartmentsand business com-
bined: facing south, overlooking Union Park; car-
pets and part of furniture for sale: $250 to $400:
will transfer long lease to purchaser. N. D.
SICKELS, 318 Post st.
991 '-} WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; LINEN;
~-jAO china; piano: bath: $45.'
FUKNISHED FLATS.
"YTEWLY FURNISH^iTfIAtTTkOoSiSAND
--> bit: rent $25. 2319 Pine st. ■
COTTAGES TO LET. i V
SUNNY BAY - WINDOW' COTTAGE OF 5
rooms: large yard and basement. Fifteenth
and Dolores sts. .
©1 I -,() SMALL COTTAGE. 3 TAY* ST.,
xff LX . near cor. Clay and Powell. .
<E!Q .";(! CHEAP COTTAGE. 11 RUSSELL
.„ 'i.tlM. st.. near corner -Hyde and Union. .
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT 4 PLEA'SA^f^6oMsT^EAR7~RES?f
reasonable. 416 Hyde st.
I-'LAT 5 ROOMS - AND BATH _ BENT $18.
J 2319 Pine st. .'/.----
lit A A 4 SUNNY' ROOMS, BATH AND BASE-
-jpJLtr. ment. 26 Lloyd St., off Scott, nr. Waller.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT ; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
827 Hayes St. .
1 PLAT 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS; BATH;
. hot and cold water. 331% Eddy st. ; ■ ,
n~q PERRY ST;, BET.THIRD AND FOURTH.
I Bay-window flat; "6 sunny rooms; bath. -
"VfODERN 5-ROOM PLATS: SUN ALL DAY.
xxx. 916 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
C?O9 FiA ELEGANT MODER V FLAT OF 6
«Jp tJZi.OxJ. rooms, bath. 2112 Devisadero su,
near Sacramento.
"VICE FLAT 3 ROOMS. 352 MCALLISTER
XI street. - . -yypy
OWER PART OF HOUSE; 908Vi POST ST.;
rent cheap.
If LEG A:\Tf~FLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH AND
J large cellar. 713 Grove st.
UN NY, CORNER FLAT, 7 ROOMS; BATH;
basement. 333 Haight. corner Webster.
<5i97 SUNNY BAY-WIN FLAT.
tS>.u K .OxJ. 1804 Washington st., near Polk; 6
rooms and bathroom. .
Elegant~sUnny FLATS, 3 ROOMS. 202
X Grove st., corner Van Ness. .
UNNY" UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH;
latest improvements: cor. Oak and Scott sts.
3 SUNNY - "ROOMS AND BATH, $13. ' NX.
corner Polk and Jackson sts.
Q1 9 FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL AND YARD.
*uPT«£<. 444 Clementina st., near Sixth.:, 5
I^LAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH ;?22. 119 WILLIAMS
X. st., near Post
Tv*EW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 6 LIGHT
J-^f rooms; $18: bath, gas, tubs. 911 Folsom, near
Fifth. -
Q-J9- LOWER fine SUNNY FLAT. 3 jane
♦J?- 1 - — - pi., off Pine st., nr. Mason; healthiest part
of tOWn - - ■.;■>-. ->} ■'-.->«._; : -- ..-...--' _
I' OR SALE-LOVELY FURNISHED HOME; 6-
roomed fiat for young couple. 614a Turk st.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
basement.- 396 Waller st., cor. Fillmore.
e» SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH, $20; ALSO
/ cottage, 6 rooms, $15. Key at 1706 Hyde st. 3
MODERN* NEW SUNNY* FLAT: LOW RENT:'7
I*l- rooms: bath and garden; top of hill. 923 Fell.
SUNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS: GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath : $13 and 16. 1706 Pos. si.
SAVE CAR FARE-BEST FLATS IN THE
city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath: sunny central loca-
tion: nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome st., room 4.
1?OUR ROOMS AND BATH. 304 LILY AVE.;
- rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness ave.
\TBRY FINE FLAT; 7 BOOMS: LARGE
> yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key -next door.
91 A 1 PAIR OAKS— new sunny LOWER
.<£JLt±:j flat; 5 roams, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
&1Q 7-ROOM FLATS: CLOSETS, STOVES.
V io ' water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956
Union St., Oakland, near Adeline - local" station;
better than any $30 cottage In Oakland. ITo let
by KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
UPPER FLAT; '-7 sum I ST.; 6 ROOMS
handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
borne for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
EL 1 : i ; aN 1 NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
XX low Bryant, 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16. 1
SAVED- DOLLA DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
n*^££?T- AX -2 BERT EST AMERICA-THB
xj \\-_,E__.LY . CALL, sent to any address In tl-e
Lffited Slates or Canada one year tor $1 60, post- i
age free. ■ • . -.-----,
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
- Broadway.
AfiQ. BROADWAY- NICELY FURNISHED
rxXJO housekpg roopis; also single: well cleaned.
Eddy Street.
"I 9flA EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED HO USE-
X+uXj keeping rooms. . .
9"! 9, EDDY-SMALL -FURNISHED SUNNY
ju.AO room, $5 a month.
497 EDDY^SUNNY BOOM; 2 CLOSETS;
juj K , hot and cold water: light housekeeping al-
lowed; also front parlor: reasonable. '
Ellis street.
79 X PLEASANT, DESI RALE SUITE;
I OO also large alcove room; private family.
- **." i Folsom Street, /z fP ...
7 OX FOLSOM-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
100 room; light housekeeping ; $8 per month. |
070 NEAR FIFTH— NICE SUNNY
010 housekeeping rooms; cbeap. -
Fourth street.
A A O FOURTH—SUNNY FURNISHED BOOM,
xlu complete for housekeeping.
Geary Street. -.
"I Ql 7 GEARY — PARLOR. BEDROOM.
At/ L I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; $24.
"""■■- Golden Gate Avenue.'
qqQ GOLDEN GATE A.VE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
-000 ulshed housekeeping rooms and bath. ,;
.: Grant Avenue. , -.
1 7 GRANT AVE. — CHANGED ' HANDS;
J.I newly furnished rooms, single . or en suite;
transient. ' .. ' . ' '. "' ,•-*■"*
Harrison Street.
701 HARRISON - SUNNY . FURNISHED
lOL housekeeping ■ rooms, stove, hot and cold
running water, porch, bath; private; $8. .. -
-~ a»*-i' ** " - Hayes Street." i:
1 AA Q 1 HAYES - 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
AT A housekeeping rooms: use of kitchen and
hot and cold water. ... „ ... -..
..: : "- -.-•- Hawthorne Street.
99 HAWTHORNE I RINCON HILL.-SUNNY
£.& single and double rooms", for gentlemen In
Protestant family. .
Howard Street.
7/-JI 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
I xJAZ suite with kitchen; man. and wife pre-
ferred.-.-- - - •■.-■ ■ :r,:.p. ■■■■-.
"1-1 49 HOWARD-2 -FURNISHED- HOUSE
- 1 - a xc^-x keeping rooms; water, range, bath; ■ rent
$10. -
' Hyde Street.
QOQ DE-5 FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS,
(JXJO suitable for housekeeping; will let single. 7-
r.j-.- 3liBsion street. J/yy;,P;,
Oqq MISSION-I LARGE front ROOM, *8-
OOP also suite, $12; single room, $1. ■■. ■■:■_. ■-,-;•
'Natoma" Street."*' "'l'" y ■'
r xi\l NATOMA-FURNISHED BOOMS COM-
OVJ I plete for housekeeping; a forslo, single «8. .
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS - Continued. }
Ninth Street: ' '
O(\Q. "NINTH— NICELY -FUBNISHED FRONT
OxJO room, housekeeping; bath. .
O'Farrell Street.
A OF, O'F ABBELL-3 SUNNY FURNISHED
A~O rooms for keeping; reaaonable. .
C9£l O'FARRELL-TWO sUNNY~UNFUR~
OPL.xJ'i nislied rooms In basement, with store.
. Perry Street. ,
Of") PERRY' (REAR) - 3 : UNFURNISHED
jUXJO all light fine sunny rooms; new house;
cheap.
Polk Street.
1 POLK — 3 NICELY FURNISHED
XV X I rooms: single or for housekeeping. . ■■...
'T Second "Street. '
"I I C SECOND— NEWLY PAPERED UNFUR-
AXO nished housekeeping rooms cheap.
Sixth Street.
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
Third Street.
C*l Q THIRD, . COR. SOUTH PARK-FUR-
OAV nished rooms for housekeeping; range;
running water. ' •■ ' ■ : -.-..--
Twenty-Second Street.
C* A C 5 UNFURNISHED BOOMS, GAS AND
tjp AO. bath; water free. ; 526 22d, cor. Capp.
"Washington Street. .
CA9 WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
OxJjui nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
ROOMS TO LEV.
-•=•>■".• V- Bush Street.
QQA BUSH-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS ;
OOXJ suites and single; also light housekeeping.
California Street.
9'Ql CALIFORNIA ST. - 3 ELEGANTLY
—"JO J. furnished rooms and bath; cheap.
Eighth street. "
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street-.
COO ELLIS-DESIRABLE SUNNY UNFUR-
-o£o nished parlor floor, suitable for doctor or
dentist, or light housekeeping.
Fillmore Street.
9AQ FILLMORE. NEAR HAIGHT-NICELY
4-xJV furnished room and bath, for gentleman
or lady, with private family.
Fifth Street.
99 FIPTH-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
±x*. rooms; front rooms $1 50 a week up.
"09C FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED ROOMS;
«-)---. O $5 to $7 a mouth.
Folsom Street. ?
09fJ FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH-SUNNY FUR-
OAVJ nished rooms, $1 per week. -
Geary Street.
t\A Q GEARY-NICE. SUNN** BOOMS, SUIT-
«JJ-0 able for doctor's offices; single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; also store!
<wjv - Golden Gate Avenue."
9*l Q GOLDEN GATE AVE. - PLEASANT
jluAu sunnv double and single rooms.
99/1 GOLDEN GATE AVE.— SUNNY FRONT
OOtt parlor, nicely furnished; bath; gas.
• 1 Howard Street.
7 A/I HOW RD - FINELY" FURNISHED
I VJ'A front rooms, en suite or single; also house-
keeping. ■ ■ .
HOWARD— FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
nisiied rooms; single or en suite; also
housekeeping; cheap. .
"I "j 49 HOWARD-BOARD AND ROOM, $17.
"I 9*l 71 HOWARD— LARGE ROOM: SUIT-
J- XUA I 2 able for 1 or 2 men; gas; bath; private.
"I KOI C HOWARD-LARGE, NICELY FUrT
J-O^iJ. nished sunny room; rent reasonable.
Jessie Street.
AQZ, JESSIE. NEAR MINT - PRIVATE
rrOO family; 2 neat single rooms: rent 55 and $6
An(\ J -NP !ELY FURNISHED SINGLE
111) front rooms; reasonable.
Jones Street.
907 -ONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
Z.VJ I manacement: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to £30.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEABNY— FLEAV
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first class
In every respect : terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
A9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
tX-_. O rooms, single and en suite.
QA Q LARKIN-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
ULOsuire of parlors; private family; running
water: gas.
101 Q UARKIN, COR, SUTTER — NEWLY
AXJAV furnished suites; single; housekeeping.
market Street.
7£C MARKET ST.-FURNISHED SUNNY
I XJO suites, offices, single rooms, $6 to $10 per
month; transient.
777 MARKET NICELY FURNISHED
■ K I suites and single: housekpg; also offices.
Y <>-'.-. Mi 11; HOUSE, ISM MARKET. BET.
Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to $1 ; week. $1 50 to $5; families
777T-, Mason Street.
9 MASON, NEAR MARKET— VERY ELE-
gantly furnished parlors; very cheap. .
Mission Street.
1 fICC MISSION - HOUSEKEEPING AND
J. XJOO other rooms; newly furnished: cheap. .
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY'
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
RAND SOUTHERN — SE. COR. 7TH AND
reopened ; thoroughly renovated .sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished or en suite;
stationary . washstnuds and running water in
every room: Choicest location; terms reasonable.
*-*; Oak Street. -
n9l OAK-LARGE SUNNY FBONT BOOM;
-£■*} reasonable. '_■ 4 -■■: i. ■• . / : ' ■
. . p. i O'Farrell Street.";
mO' FARRELL — NICELY FURN. ROOM
l-__._ for gentleman ; ill conveniences $8.
K7i'~T"o'FAB RELL - NICELY . . FURNISHED
i?xa:snnny front room: rent reasonable.' *
. ..''.' . Polk Street: :
QQA POLK-BAY'-WINDOW ROOM; SUN ALL
1 owell Street.
91 C ' POWB L L - SUNNY FURNISHED
jUAO rooms; $8 and $10. ■ '■
Eixth Street.
1 09. S IXTH-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
AXJipj rooms, en suite or single; $125 up.
: . ... _;-. ' - .Taylor Street. . ~
kOO TAYLOR-NEWLY FURNISHED SUN
xJ^xaX ny rooms; thoroughly respectable.
.Third Street.
XKT INCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
xx Market; most convenient and respectable- 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night; XI 50 to $6 per week •
electric lights every room : reading r'm ; free bus.'
■;'-": '-.'':?.';'-.-:■ -;,>-,' > Turk Street. ■; — —
-I 9<D TURK-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
A4jxj front room; reasonable.
; BOARD INO AND ROOMS.
I o"*v H Y^Je^NICELY Tt'U RNISUEF^obMs"
AOO with or without board. ■ "■*" '
ELEGANTLY FUBNiSHKD~SUNNY FRONT '
suites, with first-class board, suitable for 2 or
* cent! em on; all modern conveniences. Apply
615 Taylor st. yl J
£>nO BUSH, COR. STOCKTON-THE GRENOI
yxJtJ ble— Newly and elaborately furnished rms ■
«<lngle or en suite: board optional; terms reasonable.'
YOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME~CALL
A at Van Ness ave., ■ cor. Bush St.; the Winder-
mere; references required. .-..
QOft EDDY.-HOTEL NORMANDIE; SUNNY '
•J^_.Usiiig.e rooms; table board; tei ms reasonable.
HOTEL BEETLING. 714 »USH- A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
ern conveniences. -.-.-■. -..*.-■■-■ .-■,**< ■
CHILDREN BOARDED.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE TVfO -
children to care for and send to school ■ rea- '
sonable. Address 102 Hannah st„ Oakland. - •_•.
Q^Q HOWARD- WANTED 1 08 , 3 CHID !
c/xt/ dren to board; mother's care. -. .y*' _.y ■■-. -,' <
A TE"D -^T" ORT ' CHILDREN TO BOARD- '
'1 . large yard. 415 Jersey, bet. Noe and • Castro.' (
W ANTED-1 OR . MORE , CHILDREN TO :
hoard: good home." 15"7 Twenty-fourth st. •
; STOKES' TO LET.
pO^NEITsTORETANDTri^^ 1
\J and. stable: suitable for any business - old es- '
t.-iblisbed stand and good helling neighborhood- 1
NW. cor. Pacific and Hyde; rent low to a good '
tenant. Apply to C. 8. CAPP & CO., House Brok- I
ers, 413 Montgomery st. .. . ; ... t - «
TO LET— A LARGE BARN FOR LIVERY OR .
. manufacturing business, i Jessie, near Seventh. '
■jVfICB: STORE WJT-fl- 3 ROOMS: GOOD BU3I-
Xl ness 'location;- rent -$15: .water free- every- '
thine in good; order: :1609Vs HowHrd: st., near '
Eleventh. Apply to P. C. MOLLY. 138 Montcom- t
ery st. t -...:->-.■.->■--,■ ' .- ■ .., . ..;.■. ;..,.. . (
ARKET-ST. .- STOKE- LOCATION • THE "*
best: vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st. 4
7p: -'77 '■-'EDUCATIONAL.''''
GUITAR, MA^ T DoTISrTTAN7o*7AND~Y ; OcTL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GREVEN,. VOICE (IMPROVER. 82
-.-Ninth st. •*■* >-"'-.- _■ j '.- .' V"-**. • *- ''-■*.■<' ._»■
RS. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS RKMOVED
to 620 Sutter st. ; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; ladies and
gentlemen coached In operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged. »-, ,f %.-':.
GENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
tion will . give private lessons in English
branches, bookkeeping, mathematics and sciences;
California credentials and references. Address E.,
box 87, Call Office.
rpHK LEADING ■■: SHORTHAND r COLLEGE;
A Individual | instruction ; ] four ' months' | course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
EM I -LIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington. -
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
_ tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; alsopaintingacademy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month;, translations, Spanish,
French, English. -1170 Market st., room »7.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
A ing, shorthand, etc. SUehl's College, 723 Market
SPANISH.ERENCH.ETC. PROF7deFILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
"jVfTSS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
xxx st.— Board, English, French, piano, dancing,
$-.0 a mo. excellent chance for ambitious and cou-
acieutious parents to give children a superior educa-
tlonatlow figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY;
class or private. MKS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush St.
"DELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
AJ. Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. P.. Sand 12,T.0.0.F. block, 7th and MkL
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL,, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. 'di. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
STUDENTS PEEP ABED FOR UNlVER-
sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
cla-aes. 333-335 Pheian building.
lOLIN, MANDOLIN. GUITAR, CORNET
t taught. Prof. 1.. MERKI. 225 Geary treasonable
SPaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V" IGHT SCHOOL BIS. CoLLEGE;24
Ax Post commercial, shorthand, English: low rat
lOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045*/ Valencia.
CIHEMISTRYT AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
) barn's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts. .
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236
Market: send for cat. : Cay and evening session.
. MEDICAL.
LADIES. CONSULT FREE— MRsTdr. SCOTT,
216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist in the
city; $500 paid for a case I fail to cure; diseases
of the eye treated especially.
ME. DE GIERS' MAGIC WONDER, THE
only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67; physician's consultation free.
ANEW PROCESS— NO INSTBU ,
ments or worthless pills used ; every woman
her own physician for ail female troubles," no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home; i
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny a*, j
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT KE \
JA lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever I
cause) bv the most experienced ladies' physicians j
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others: ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment . by i
consulting the doctors before calling on others:
patients who have been Imposed upon are spe- ;
cially Invited; home in confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free; Pink Pills. $:*. DR. and
MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
DR, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
.Jones. Diseases of women and children. .
All - "female IRREGULARITIES RE _
stored in a few hours safe - and sure relief at ]
anytime; travelers helped at once: home in con- '
finement; French pills guaranteed; consult free. !
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Host St., near Larkin.
MRS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; - OF '•
the womb a specialty. 230 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES '-V SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients: best skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market. ■ ■ ■
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA i
ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis au,
lormerly cor. Market ..ml Third sts.. sole agents.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dl*
eases, from whatever cause; a borne in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk at.
A HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
JA MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 14 16 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS. DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
li M : confinement; Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy St.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH~PILLS. A~ BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure: $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY" FEMALE DISEASE
see Mrs. Dr. Pnetz and be content. 264*^ 4th.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~
ON FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE
party; low interest; strictly private. 215 Powell,
"MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
111 other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
llo6Marketst..or. Mason : private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delavs; no commis-
sions; low interest: also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Market st,
"IST&2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IS ES-
Atates;lowest rates ;no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WlTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest: perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant avenue
MONEY TOLOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COD
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 Montgy;st.
MONEY LOANED. 6*/ a PER CENT ON MORT-
' gages.- 'A'. F. JOHN&& CO., 632 Market st.
I OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
AJ mortgagee, furniture or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOANS-FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES^
city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. j Room 88. Chronicle building.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office, 9 Grant ave.
AN AMOUNT? IST. 2D Of 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLG AN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
■IQ- rants. SALOMON A CO., 328 Montgmry,r.2l4.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 '.KEARNY, ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate roc-ms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap. ' - -
' ASSESSMENT NOTICES-
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
Valley Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business, City and Countv of San
Francisco, State of California. '.:" - * .
Notice— There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4,
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895. the
several amounts set opposite' the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows : '- -
.-■■-'. ■....- ' '.-■■ -: ■■. '-No. ■ No. ... .-.-:'
Cer. Sh'rs. Amt.
A. B." Spreckels," Daniel ' Meyer, 9
■ James ."D. l'helan, ' Lovell ; -'
- White, O. D. Baldwin, James
.Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. ;
' Van Sickleu, Christian .de -.'•
Guigne.tru5tee5................. 465 1 $10
A. B. ■ Spreckels. Daniel Meyer. •'• '.-*-" ...
.Tames -D. Pheian, ■ Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
. Cross, Thomas Brown,' F. W. , :
.Van Sicklen, Christian de "
■ Gnigne, tru5tee5............; "445 . 2 20
A. 8. . Sprerkels, Daniel Meyer,
James -D. l'helan, .Loveli -
White. O. D. Baldwin,' James
Cross, Tho ;:as Brown, K. W. '
Van^ Bidden, Christian de
Gnigne, trustees.;......;.. ;..'..'.* , : 606 '■ . 1 10
A. B. Spreckels," Daniel Meyer,
.James* D.-r l'helan. ; Lovell -
"White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W. •
Van -Sicklen, - Christian .de
Guigne.trustees.. ......586 .1 10
A. B. .- Spreckels, Daniel • Meyer, .-;'
-James D. Pheian, Lovell
White, O D. Baldwin, r James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W. ■
Van Sicklen, - Christian, de
Guigne, tru5tee5......:;;...'..... 508 1 . 10
And in accordance with law and order of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so many shares of. each. parcel of such
•lock as may be necessary will be -sold at public
auction at the office of. said company, -No. 321
Market St., In the City and County of San Fran-
co, State of California, on the 26th dav of Jan-
uary, 1896. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. m."
of said day to pay said delinquent : assessment
thereon, together . with ' costs : of advertising . and
expenses of sale., . . .< •' -. . -.-
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.'
-.,. Office, No. 321 Market st., San Francisco. -
-'-'•' ;T///.i'- POSTPONEMENT. Ay'f./T/:.
By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration .. made and entered upoiv • the- records
■.hereof upon' the 21st day, of 'January, 1896, the
iate of the delinquency of j said assessment, was
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1896. and
:he date of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned until 3 the ■ 10th , day of February, 1 1896, at
-leven (11) o'clock a. st. of said dav. \ -
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
' ,;-;-.* •":-..■• .:-BIOYCIiES.".i'- ; j.-.' :*•"".-..-.--■ ' .
__^ -. . .■"__- •_- '-':.--: ;'-::,.-. PrZ-T,^.'.-^ ..' "' .-'-"'. ■
INDSOR BICYCLES: 7 S'Ht|CTLY 7 HIGH
grade; no stamping: -all lathe work; scones
tnd cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT «fc CO.', 324 Post st-, S.FV" -\ . ■-■-,• x
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET; :
best . accommodations. - Terminus . Geary, Mo-
sJiister and PoweU sl. car lines.
■^^j^'J cl ' EEAL': ESTATE.' :; ; '-; p~*
A NEW BLOCK:":
■XA rr- JUST SUBDIVIDED,*
BOUNDED BY 10TH AND 11TH AVES.,
N AND O STS. •
SOUTH OF THE PARK :
Prices, $350 for corners, 32: 6x100 ;
Inside lots, $25x120. $275 each;
Terms, $25 cash, $10 monthly.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st. :
GREAT BARGAIN IN RICHMOND LOLS.
" $375 and upward; only '$50 cash, balance
monthly: splendid level lo: on Clement St..
Point Lobos and 25th aves.: B utro electric-cars
will be running soon on Clement st. ; a splendid
.- opportunity to make money. .
Selling fast; only a few left. ' '■' "
-: BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
NE LEFT OF THOSE .ELEGANT COT-'
tases just completed, Shotwell St., nr. Seven-
teenth; $3600; easy terms: 5 rooms, bath, gas;
modern; open dally. E. p. E. TROY, owner, 301
California st. - Ty.r:^i----:p-
C? Q(Win HOUSE; 9 KOOMS; CORNER, 41x
tpuXJXJVJ. 88; Western addition: easy terms
Address Reverses, box 49, Call.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
• A r ? cisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
Hi', £ land - - *° reasonable offer refused. Apply
28 y Zoe st., city.
O FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY*-WIN-
Odow, mantels.etc, built for $3200: fi-room cottage
and batb. $1500. JAS McCO.XAHAY,IU9 Mission
-j*.*! OCIF SOLD TO-DAY: THIS LOT IS
til" AjL.O worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell st., room 3.
**fel WEEKLY-GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
WA $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap. - - . ■ - r
$175— Lot 25x1 S5; $1 weekly. .
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekiv.
$150— Lot 24*100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. *
ACRIFICE— WITH GOOD HOUSE
of 9 rooms; beautiful view; with use of stable
and water works and large adjoining grounds;
price $4500, part cash; or would exchange.
GEORGE P. SHADBURNE. 415 Montgo ■ ery st.
SQOAH A FINE MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
t&OxuXJXJ. large sunny rooms and bath for sale
on easy terms, or will take vacant lots as part pay-
ment, or exchange for small place across the bay.
Address W. H. FOWLER, 318 Pine St.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ER- I
tate and business of everv description. A: J.
PROPER A CO.. real estate, 626 Mrkt. downstairs.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
SO7F(\ A FINE PAYING HOME RANCH
«4P^i I OVJ, of 24 acres: near Santa Rosa; 3000
nrune trees;- family orchard; modern 5-room
house; pood outbuildings: . sacrificed. LEE A
KISER. 306 Montgomery st.
<E»ot»rin 10 acres 25" miles FROM san
xJpOXJXJxJ. Francisco, near Walnut Creek; 4
acres in 1 choice fruit: 5-room modern house and
gocd outbuildings: fine surroundings; a rood in-
come property ; 1 horse and buggy: harness"; 1 oast
86 hens and all farm tools; easy terms. LEE A
KISEIt, 306 Montgomery st.
GREAT ROADS 10 • ACRES CHOICE
level land; all -In fruit: mostly bearing; some
young-trees; fine house:' l2 rooms; windmill and
tank, barn, outbuilding; fine well-water; near San
Leandro; electric road passes; part cash, balance
desiraDle property. B. FASSLER, San Leandro,
Cal.
A TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
tr years' credit. D. 11. TWING. Sonoma City.Cai.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. U
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontheline between
Stockton and Mercea. The Stanislaus and Saa
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
Wo are prepared to sell port!ons.of the property
cither unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
flifferent county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for burners.
Prices for land. including a perpetual water ri-;ht
and planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. . Unim-
proved land wltn fully paid up water rights, $70 i
peracre. Terms: The purchase pries payable la
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For farther particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
: '.-/.'»;■ 638 Market Street.
san Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
■ ■ ' - Oakdale, CaL
MARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
-ILL from San Francisco '--yzz
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut auy size desired; frnif, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ner acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. ":4T fic -
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOB OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER A WH ITTOIiC. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GOOD INVESTMENT-LOtToOxl33:6; MAG-
nolla st. ; macadamized and sewered; $12 00
per foot if taken immediately. MARSHALL, 1118
Broadway. ■-..•-:
E~ETIRING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Haywards or San Leandro. For full particulars
address box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
O COTTAGES OF 6 ROOMS; ALL MODERN ;
£j large lots: situated on Fruitvale I ave.; price
$6000; exchange for ranch; will assume mort-
gage: also other propeity for exchange. I Address
P. KELLY, Real Estate Exchange. 459 Ninth st,.
Oakland. ....-.: . .-...-, -.
Q 1 Oil LOTS AT ERUITVALE - STATION;
A XJXJ . come to-day. LODGE A POWELL.
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE CITY. AND COUN-
try property for sale and exchange. See E. .E.
BCNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
C9|| MONTHLY -FOR ft- ROOM COTTAGES:
tjp^.yj plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statu.
«ft 1 Ff) LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
'JTAOL'. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; good improvements.
H. B. I'INNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
UPPER AND LOWER FLATS: 3 ROOMS
each: sunny and clean: separate entrance;
prefer adults; references: central. 615 Fifteenth
St.. Oakland. . -; .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM EDA REAL , ESTATE.
Q'J9X LOT 40x80; 2*^"bLOCKS FROM BTA-
tjpO-JU. Hon; cottage of 4 rooms and lot; $1600.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Pork st., Alamtda.
<S»J.QOn HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS: MODERN;
tiDxxJXJXJ . near narrow-gauge station: street im-
proved ; northwest corner; former price $6000.
$1000; lot 50x200; street improved; former
price $1500.
T. F. BAIRD, Real Estate and Insurance, 1303
Park st., Alameda. , .
(ft 1 00 DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
VP 1-XJ\J modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station ; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda. .--..
BERKELEY z REAL ' ESTATE.
BARGAINS. 7 '7'7 7. ■'■ 77 7
- $3260 for a new modern house of 9 rooms and
bath; 40x130; 1 block from station; improved
street: easy terms.: .
$3600— Tine place among the oaks; 7 rooms and
bath; 60x144:6; 1 block of the U. C. grounds; im-
proved street: easy terms. .•'■■--■
A tine 10t,45x135: on improved street: half a
block of Head's Seminary; only $900.
O. G. MAY A CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
' '. "REAL ESTATE. '
CASTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS/ "
19,000 acres la subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
. £2 East Santa Clara St., ban Jose. CaL
. .-;.'■.. .:::'.-... to exchange. w^;,,, ,__
T6~exchange% ~~ r ~ ~*~-~~~~- "~*~
,*2, HOUSES, LOT 100x100, ' —
- IN" ALAMEDA,
; FOR LOS ANGELES OR SAN DIEGO
Vacant lots. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
IpOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— FIVE LOTS IN
' Mission, for rooming-house or business; also
house and lot In Oakland.** Apply 111 Liberty st. -
'.."■;■ FINANCIAL.
lTo AN B "c^TTsi^AN DijD MORTG AGEjTaND
AJ life ' insurance i policies: low , rate of * interest-
bank books bought. 330 Montgomery st. ..-.r
A >'T*- SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED \ ON"
u V your furniture, pianos or: real estate: lowest
rate: call and state your proposition or write: onaa
evenings. J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission .
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
; Arrived. - • /*
'.{ THURSDAY. January 23.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, 102 hoars from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to J SlKimball.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 12 hours from Men-
docino, etc; pass and mdse, to Mendocino Lumber
Co.
Sailefl.
 THURSDAY, January 23.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, Tacoma.
Stmr Willamette, Cusbman, Nanaimo.
Domestic Fort*.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Wm Renton,
frOm Newport.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Navarro, fra
Eureka. : Xn^i^^MtrnMrn^lmmma^g^i^^^ffga
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Jan 23— Bktn
KaUe Flicklnger, from San Pedro.
TIMBER COVE- Arrived Jan 23-Schr Chris-
tina Steffens. hence Jan 11. " - ■■•- - - -.!
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 23— Br ship
Donna Franeisca, from Rio de Janeiro.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 23-Stmr Columbia,
from Naples.
Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Furnessia, for Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON— out Jan 23-Stmr
Paris.-- .- -, - - y--pJVxsy
Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Sahn, for New York.
LONDON— Arrived out Jau 23— Stmr Mobile.
Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Mohawk, for New York.
NAPLES-Sailed Jan 23-Stmr Fulda, for New
Y'ork. .
COPENHAGEN-Sailed Jan '23-Stmr Kekla,
,Or New York.
LEWIS ISLAND— Passed Jan 23-Stmr Vene-
tia, for Copenhagen. „■ .. »
LlZARD— Passed Jan 23— Stmr Schiedam, from
New York, for Amsterdam.
31AKR1AGE LICENSE-.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday: -
John Bergin and Mamie A.McArdle, 24—22. '- -
C. Gillert and Wllhelmlne Sonntag, 41—29.
C. W. Huntmaun and Ida M. Camenetti, 29—25. •
Thomas L. Young aud Rose L. Kelly, 33—26.
James A. Jenkins and Lena sohl. 32—21.
B. F. Boreham and Nellie M. Yancey. 22—18.
David 8. Hirschle and Jeannette R. Loeb. 30—23.
Axel Johnson and Joselina Sandgren, 30—30.
Julius Arnold and Henrietta I. Mnlth, 40—46.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed:
Mattie Adams against Frederick Adams.
Divorces granted : 4- !'■■ '-.
Susie H. Bernal from Joseph J. Bernal, for fail-
ure to provide : by Judge Hebbard.
Edward FotberinKham from Helen lone Fother-
tngbam, for Infidelity ; by Judge Dalngerfield.
Mary Nichol from Albert W. Nlchol, for willful
j neglect; by Judge Hebbard.
I Mollie L. Collin from B. R. Coffin, for willful de-
sertion; by Judge Murphy. Plaintiff allowed to
resnme her maiden name of Mollie L. Mai in.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
:7 i-"*. BORN.
APPLEBY— In this city, January 22, 1896, to the
wife of C. H. Appleby, a daughter.
MOHR— In this city, January 23, 1896, to the
wife of Jacob Mohr, a daughter.
MARRIED. .
ARNOLD-SMITH— In this citv, January 22.
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Julius Arnold and
Henrietta I. Smith, both of San Francisco.
I CROW-LEY'— BUBKE— In this citv. January 21.
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Young. D. Crowley and
Emily E. Burke, both of San Francisco.
GOLDKUHL— DAY— IT) this city, January 21,
1896, by the Rev. E. B. Stewart, William J. C.
Goldkuhl and Emma L. Day, both of San Fran-
cisco.
NEWMAN— KINKEAD-In this city, January
20, 1895, A. G. C. Newman of San Francisco anil
- Olive Kinkead of Modesto, Cal.
SUHR— McFARLIN— in Oakland, January 23,
1896. by the Rev. A. T. Needham. John C. Suhr
ana Myra H. McFarlin, both of Oakland.
DIED.
Bailey, Mrs. Kate M. Hogan, John T.
Blake, Calvin T. Lincoln, Eva F.
Byrne, Amelia Moseley, Mangie I.
Callaghan. Mrs. Anne O'Brien. Timothy M.
Farley, Mrs. Alice Purves, Allan
Green, Peter Rood, Laurzautfs H.
Hamerton, William Sage. James H.
Hen. on. Catherine Schlott, Mrs. E. P.
Hertz, Caroline Simpson, Mrs. Maria
}}:■ :■- Thaten, Etta :■.*,-: .;
I BAILEY— In this city, Januarv 23, 1896, Mrs.
Kate M. Bailev, wife of the late Captain George
! W. Bailey, U. s. R. M.. a native of Camden, Me.,
I aged 46 years and 2 months. '
• fl-_F"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
I (Saturday), at 11 o'clock m., from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. S. B. Kirk, 2406 Mission
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BLAKE— In Sunol, Cal., January 22, 1896, Calvin
T. Blake, a native of Massachusetts, aged 74
years 2 months and 15 days. [Eastern papers
please copy. 1
BYRNE— In Santa Rosa. January 18, 1896,
Amelia, wife of the late Malachy Byrne.
CALLAGHAN— A requiem mass will be solemn-
ized for the repose of the souUif the late Mrs.
Anne Callaghan at Holy Cross Church, 1. -.-
street, TO-MORROW (Saturday),. at 8 o'clock
A. XS.
FARLEY— In this city. January 23, 1896. Mrs.
. AUce Farley, beloved mother of Annie Kuabloch,
a native of Ireland.
JO" Interment private. is/v*?,.-"
GREEN— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 23, 1896, Peter Green, aged 53 years.
HAMERTON — In this city, January 22, 1896, Wil-
- liam Hamerton, father of John W.,' William C.
and Charles W. Hamerton, Mrs. S. Morrison,
Mrs. B. Wilson and Mrs. J. Steventon. a native of
England, aged 73 years 10 months and 19 days.
- tPS~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday) at 2 o'clock p. it., from the residence
of his son, John W. Hamerton, 30% Valley
street. Interment, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HEATON— In this city, January 22, 1896. Cath-
erine Heaton, a native of England, aged 68 years.
HERTZ— In this city. January 21, 1596, Caroline
Hertz (nee Wilkenlng), beloved mother of Mrs.
Paul Freise and Heinrlch and Johannes Hertz
of Omaha, a native of Neustadt, Holstein. Ger-
many, aged 72 years 9 month3 and 6 days.
[Omana papers please copy.]
IPS' Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock v. xt.. from the resi-
dence of ber son-in-law, Paul Freise, 704 Birch
avenue, off Buchanan street, between Grove and
Fulton. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HOGAN— In this city, January 22, 1896, John T.,
beloved son of Johanna and the late Matthew
Hogan, a native of San Francisco, aged 36 years.
' *yThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
: (Friday), at 2 , o'clock v. - it., from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor* Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment private.
LINCOLN— In this city, January 23. 1898, Eva P..
dearly beloved wife of Fred A. Lincoln, daughter
of Joseph and Genore O'Brien, and sister of Cora
and Joseph O'Brien, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 24 years 6 months and 16 days. [Avon
(Mass.) papers please copy.]
■ as* Friends ana acquaintances - are resoect-
ally invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday*, at 8:80 o'clock a. xt.. from tho
- family residence. 822 Twenty-fifth stref t. thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will take place. Interment Holy Cross
■ Cemetery. •"'-"•','.
MOSELEY— In Oakland, Januaay 23. 1897, Mag-
gie Irene Moseley, aged 13 , years 7 months and
21 nays.
CSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Friday) at 3 o'clock r. it., at the
family residence, 1420 Eighth street. Oakland.
Interment at Woodbridge, Saturday, January 23.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 22. 1896, Timothy
- M., beloved husband of Lizzie O'Brien, father of
Thomas O'Brien, and brother of Mrs. Hannah
Murphy, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 40
years. . ,
PURVES— AIIan Purves, a native of England, aged
66 years.
JjarFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. v., from tho par-
lors of N. Gray A Co., 641 Sacramento street.
ROOD— In this city. January 22, 1896, Laurzautis
H. Rood, a native of Hartland, Vt., aged 70
, years.
JSfff"Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his lata
residence,- 1642 Polk street. .
SAGE— In this city, January 23, 1896, James H..
! beloved husband of the late Mary Sage, and
"" father of Mary E. and Charles H. Sage and Ella
M. Keith, a native of England, aged 70 years.
SCHLOTT— In this city, January 21, 1898. Mrs.
Emma Paulsen Scblott, a native of Oregon, aged
33 years and 2 mon- hs.
SIMPSON— In San. Ramon, i January 28. 1896,
Mrs. Maria Simpson, widow of Robert Simpson,
and mother of M. L., Alice C. and tbe late James
I Simpson, a native of England, aged 80 years and
17 days.
O-Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it., from her late
residence, San Ramon. Interment San Lorenzo
Cemetery.
THATEN-ln this city, January .21, 1896. Etta.
youngest and teloved daughter of Jacob A. and
Marie F. Thaten, and sister ot Peter and Trena
Tbaten and Mrs. George Archambault. Mrs. B.
F. Johnson and .Mrs. H. R. Hahn, a native of
San Francisco, aged 18 years 6 months and 21
. days. ■
- 4S"Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock r. it., from the residence
of her parents, 1107 y. Treat avenue, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
, ■■ ZT
""UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals .
at Reasonablo Rates.
Telephone 8167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
- ; ; McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
p; FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAI.MfcB?.,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
'. - ', ' , - Telephone 3080. 
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY,
IK SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIANj
! laid out on the lawn plan: perpetual care ; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access;, see it before
buying * burial place elsewhere.
City office, 9 City Hall A venae.
1314
A MONSTER IS
IN THE CITY.
Twenty-Two Draft Horses
Poisoned in Their
Stalls.
MISCREANT UNKNOWN.
Ten Horses Owned by the Arctic
Oil Company Died Since
Sunday.
POISON GIVEN IN WATER.
Supposed to Be the Work of the Fiend
Who Mutilated the Horse on
Jessie Street.
Twenty-two horses belonging to the
Arctic Oil "Works have been poisoned in
their stalls within the past few days, and
ten of them have died since Sunday. The
others are still suffering, and some of
them*may die. Three veterinary surgeons
are in attendance, but they are entirely
mystified as to the character of the poison
ing.
The officers of the Arctic Oil Company
declare themselves to be wholly in the I
dark as to how the poisoning was done. |
If some one has done the thing with in
tent they say they cannot guess who that
some one is or what the provocation.
The police have been informed and yes
terday visited the works and made an
investigation, but they could get no clew.
There has been considerable gossip in
the neighborhood of the works, since the ;
horses began dying, that a young man re- j
cently employed about the stable, but who ;
got into trouble with his bosses and was
discharged a few days ago, is under suspi- i
cion. That, however, is denied by the I
officials of the company. One of them said !
last night:
"We have had no trouble with any of j
our employes that I know of, but I do not i
care to say all I think about this matter ;
just now. It might be premature."
Following so close upon the atrocious j
mutilation of a horse in the stable of j
Thomas Harkins, 43 Jessie street, the
police are inclined to believe that some I
monster who finds fiendish pleasure in in- !
flicting pain upon the horse has developed j
in the City.
This seems the more probable from the
fact that the Jessie-street outrage is still a
mystery so far as the perpetrator is con
cerned. In neither case has any motive
for wreaking vengeance upon the owners
of the animals been made apparent.
Dr. Masoero, who is the chief surgeon in
attendance at the stable of the oil works, i
is of the opinion that the poison has been
administered to the horses in the water.
He intimates, although he does not di
rectly declare, his belief that the horses I
have been deliberately poisoned.
"This, is another of those strange hap
penings'that I met with once or twice be
fore in n**y experience,'' said Dr. Masoero
last everting. "The mutilation of the
horse in Jessie street is something beyond
my understanding.
"With all my experience it makes me
shudder to witness the sufferings of these
horses. lam inclined to believe that the
poison was given them in the water. I
cannot say just what the poison is. The
symptoms were somewhat peculiar. I was
first called to attend these horses early
Sunday morning. Th* re was then thought
to be Out one horse afSected. I found him
suffering great pain. The roof of his
month and his lips were quite white. He
died on Monday, but by that time six or
seven others had taken sick, exhibiting
the same symptoms. They died in quick
succession. Three died yesterday. Two
others died to-day. lam afraid another
will follow, but I hope that the others will
recover, as I find them somewhat better
to-night.
"Three horses belonging to Captain
Griffiths, secretary of the company, were
in the stable on Sunday and were taken
sick with the others. They were two
handsome' carriage horses and a saddle
horse. They were removed to the cap
tain's private stable on Rincon Hill.
They are better and will recover.
"No, there need be no fear of an epi
demic of disease among horses,'' contin
ued the doctor. "There is no mistaking
this as being a case of poisoning. When
, I saw the serious nature of the case I in
sisted upon the company calling in some
other veterinary surgeons, as I did not
wish to bear the responsibility alone. Dr.
Archibald and Dr. Robbins were sum
moned, and we nave consulted over the
case. I also sent portions of the stomach
■ ana intestines to a chemist for analysis,
.'hut can get no report upon it for a week
-yet. There are nine horses in the stable
mow, all suffering more or less. One and
| perhaps more may die."
The Arctic Oil Works are located on
/Illinois street in the Potrero. At night
! the buildings are tightly locked up, and
: It would require some ingenuity to get
into the yards ana much more to get into
the stable after dark.
The watchman at the place responded
last night to an energetic hammering upon
the gate, and in answer to questioning
said:
"The stable is very carefully guarded by
a special watchman all the time, and it
would be next to impossible for any one
to get at the horses without detection in
he night. In theday, however, it is quite
different, as the stable is open and em
ployes have access to it. Since the horses
began to die the force of watchmen has
been increased until there are now five.
The loss is considerable— the horses that
have already died could not be replaced
for less than $2000. Ido not know of any
men having been discharged lately or
there being any trouble with them."
Mantle Parlor Officers. .
Niantic Parlor No. 105, N. S. G. Vf;, \ installed
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
RS^Il! Powder
" : ABSOLUTELY. PURE
B^^^WWWlMM^miiWißiiiwiiiinliii in mm m inmn iiiuf'i i IWIi
the following new officers at-Yosenute Hall,
Native Sons' bihlding, on Mason street, Tues
day night, XV. E. McCreery. D. D. G. P., being
the installing officer: William A. O Leary,
past president; M. Moideeai. president; -Fin
lav Cook, first vice-president; **.E. Carroll,
second vice-president; Thomas J. Bndger,
third vice-president; F. F. Sarcanoi, marshal;
Parker Morrison and Frank McAllister, senti
nels; J. F. Eggert, recording secretary: A. "A.
Borchers, financial secretary: ,J. F. Wallace,
treasurer; trustees— Joseph 11. Keenan, 1,. W.
Byington and F. B. Galindo; surgeons— Drs.
G. ."Clark, Driscoil and 11. Damkroger. After
the regular meeting a banquet was enjoyed. ,
ARTS AND CRAFTS.
The Antique Exhibit on Pine Street Is
Provinc » Most Gratifying
Success.
There is no abatement in the interest
being manifested by the general public, in
the exhibition of all that pertains to the
art and craft of printing at 424 Pine street,
and the financial success of the enterprise
is now assured. Each day since the open
ing large numbers have been in attendance.
A first and casual glance gives little idea
of the fascinating character of the display,
as there has been no attempt to give it the
orderly characteristics of an art exhibit.
In consequence the first impression is one
of confusion.
The design is to make a display that in
its variety will appeal- to every one en
gaged in any of the diversified branches of
the art and handicraft of printing. In
fact, it is a show intended to appeal more
directly to those engaged in these depart
ments, and in order that all who are kept
by their employment from visiting the ex
hibit during "working hours may have an
opportunity to examine the display, the
guild has decided to open the same, free
of charge, on Sunday -from 10 a. m. to 5
p.m. This will be the last day of the ex
hibition, i P.//.,
On Friday evening K." P. Garnett will
talk informally about book plates and
posters, and on Saturday evening Messrs.
Bendix, l.andsberger and yon der Mehden
will in turn render musical selections.
It. is the hope of the guild that this en
terprise will prove but the forerunner of a
series touching on various special branches
of handicraft and industrial art; such as
metal work, Japanese art. wood work, etc.
Subscribing members of the guild pay
$5 a year, which entitles them to admission
to all exhibitions held under the manage
ment of the guild. This is a new fea
ture of this unique organization, which
comprises men actively engaged in the
different arts and handicrafts connected
with the arts.
STABBED BY REEL TERRY.
E. V. Phillips Slightly Wounded
in a Brawl on the
Street.
A Midnight Encounter in Which a
Knife Was Used Without Seri
ous Effect.
E. -V. Phillips was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital last night suffering from
three knife wounds inflicted by Reel B.
Terry.
The cutting occurred at the corner of
Stockton and Market streets at about
11:45 o'clock, and was the result of a
row. 7
Phillips was at one time a newspaper
reporter. Later he became secretary of
the Pilot Commissioners. Terry is an at
torney and a son of the late Judge David
B. Terry.
Mr. Terry is said to have been the
aggressor in the trouble of last night.
Both men had been drinking and they
came out of a saloon on tbe corner of Ellis
street together, each surrounded by friends.
Phillips made some remark that Terry re
sented.
Terry jumped at Phillips with an open
knife in his hand. His first blow cut
open Phillips' temple. The wounded man
struck Terry, who staggered back and
rushed at Phillips again, cutting him on
the shoulder.
The two men clinched at this. They
were in a tight embrace for a second. Then
Phillips threw Terry heavily to the ground
and began pummeling him when friends
interferred.
Phillips was bleeding profusely, and his
friends advised him to quit. He slowly
relinquished his grip on Terry's throat,
saying - /yp/p-p/y/p : 7
"Get up, you coward. I'll give you
your life."
Then he was taken to a drugstore on
the corner.
Terry was led by his friends to the back
room of a neighboring saloon, but soo
left there. ";:7r>-
Phillips' friends rang for the patrol
wagon. Before it arrived they boarded a
streetcar with him and went to the Receiv
ing Hospital. There it was found that he
had received three wounds which were
only superficial. .
Phillips' friends declared to the sur
geons that the wounded man had fallen
down in the street and hurt himself.
The Old louvre Sign.
The Supreme Court has decided that theO Id
Louvre need not take down its sign until the
appeal now pending on the question is settled.
Suit was brought to have it compelled to do so,
and judgment was rendered in favor of the
plaintiff, the proprietors of the Louvre on
Powell and Eddy streets. -As the Old Louvre
sign was not taken down, they had the
proprietors cited for contempt, but the
contempt proceedings have been dismissed,
as the appeal is still pending," and the removal
of tha sign cannot be procured indirectly by
contempt proceedings while direct proceed
ings with that end in view are in the courts.
Kan Away From Home.
Mrs. Mary O'Brien of 113 Vallejo street is
searching for her son, Edward O'Brien, who
has been away from home since Tuesday night.
The lad is 14 years of age, and his mother says
it is a clear case of runaway from home. Ed
ward was a pupil at the Washington Grammar
School. . yz-py-:
A Socialist Meeting.
The Society of American Socialists will hold
a meeting this evening in Mozart Hall for the
discussion of "The Coming Great Railway
Trust and Its Power Over Politics." The
speakers are Edward B. Payne of Berkeley, J.
R. Robinson and Joseph E. Scott.
The Gum Barrel and the Gum.
Last week a Bradford man who was hunt
ing saw an immense lump of spruce gum
on a tree. He attempted to knock it off
with his rifle, and the gum was transferred
from the tree to the barrel of the gun. The
man then tried to bite the gum from his
rifle, but his lips suddenly froze to the cold
steel. \ After considerable shouting ; he at
tracted the attention of companions, who
thawed him loose.— Portland Press.
His Domestic Trouble.
A colored witness in the Superior Court
last week stated tbat he was unable to tes
tify as to a certain occurrence because he
had a "domestic trouble" just about that
time.
"What was the domestic trouble?" asked
the examining attorney.
"Well, to tell the truth, boss," said the
witness, 'T was in the penitentiary J for
stealin' a cow." Brunswick Times.
THE SAN FK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1896.
STARVED FOWLS
IN THE MARKET
Charges of Cruelty in a
Poulterer's on Clay
Street.
OREGON CONSIGNMENTS.
Delayed by Washouts, the
Starving Birds Ate Each
Other.
TO BE SOLD FOR HUMAN FOOD.
Secretary Holbrook Says the Health
Department Grossly Neglects
Its Duty.
Arrests for cruelty of an unusual nature
are to be made at the instigation of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. Chickens that had , partially
eaten each other alive had been offered for
sale in a Clay-street market. Secretary
Holbrook accuses the Health Department
of gross negligence, as iv addition to the
cruelty the case involves the sale for hu
man food of what he considers little better
than carrion.
As M. McCurray, assistant secretary of
| the society, was passing the Clay-street
market yesterday afternoon he noticed a
\ number of coons of chickens being deliv
| ered from a wagon at the stall of 11. Fo
j dera. The condition of the birds was such
' that he thought at first of arresting Jacob
i son, the teamster who was delivering the
; consignment, but, deciding that it was
better to have a witness, he telephoned
for Secretary Holbrook, "who was soon at
the place. Speaking of it afterward Mr.
j Holbrook said :
"It was the worst sight I ever saw. The
j chickens were wounded, dead and dying
i in the coops, many of them crushed and
! choked to death. . Some of them had been
j so crushed that the bones were shattered
j and distorted out of all shape, but they
were still alive, and others had had the
: skin torn off their backs and necks, and
i though they were breathing the other
famished chickens were pecking and eat
j ing their live flesh. Some of the coops
I were upside down, with the -brushed heads
; hanging through the bars. It was a case
! of the survival of the fittest, for some of
the birds that were crushed out of all sem-
I blance to a chicken in shape were still
alive.' ■■'*•£-■ .Vf
"And that was intended for human
; food. There was not a bird there, alive or
' dead, that was fit to eat. The chickens
, that were not mutilated were parched and
i famished, and they had been so bruised
and terrified that they were all sick and
! feverish and liable to make any one sick
who ate them. There were about fifteen
coops and they were heaping the chickens
out of them, dead and dying, on the side
walk. I made them kill those that were
alive to end their sufferings.
"The man at Fodera's stand said he had
: not to pay for the mutilated chickens that
■ were dead. He had taken the consignment
I as it had come in from Oregon and would
' only have to take the live ones. 'Throw
; the dead chickens in a hole,' he said to the
i boy. I don't know what kind of a bole lie
meant tamale hole, probably, for I no-
I ticed he gathered them up, dead and dying,
all the same. You may be sure that he
1 did not throw them away. People will eat
those chickens, and it's a shame that the
i Board of Health permits it, for they are
I not fit for human food.
'The chickens arrived at Fourth and
! Townsend from Oregon in a palace car,
which holds about 4000 of them. They
i were consigned to a firm on Battery street,
I the name of which we do not know, but
we can easily discover that to-morrow.
j The man Jacobson, who was delivering
them, claims that the car was delayed in
j Oregon by a washout and that the chick
ens, in their hunger and thirst, trampled
j on and crushed one another, but they
| must have been too tightly packed. There
is supposed to be a trough of water run
i ning beside- each tray in the palace
; chicken-cars, but half the time the men in
\ attendance are too negligent to turn the
! water on. We have often found cases of
! coops of chickens arriving here with their
I throats as parched as a bit of dry leather.
"At Fourth and Townsend streets these
particular chickens were bundled out of
! the palace car into coops. Jacobson said
j to me, 'Every one of the trainmen last
| night wanted a chicken when they found
! the state they were in.' 'What did they
] want them for?' I asked. 'They were not
! fit for food.' It seems, though, that the
i trainmen were willing to risk eating them.
"Fodera had apparently bought fifteen
coops of the consignment from the com
mission agent, and as the business houses
! were closed by the time we had got
I through killing the wounded chickens, we
' were obliged to defer further search till to
| morrow. We mean, however, to make a
i test case of this chicken business and see
if we cannot make the men at this end re
sponsible."
It is Secretary Holbrook's opinion,
based on previous experience, that any
convictions the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals can secure will
never put an end to the evil. "It is the
business of the Health Department," said
Mr. Holbrook. "If it would take charge of
that kind of thing and appoint a market
inspector like Dockery we should have no
more of these cases of cruelty and carrion.
The Board of Health does not pay any
attention to what is oold in the markets.
In tbe whole department there is but one
man who does his duty, ana that is the
milk inspector. If the Health Department
would 'Dockery' the markets we shou-d
not have any more barbarities of the kind
we discovered to-day."
A LIBRARY'S NEW ERA
Officers of the Mercantile Library
Promise to Wipe Out the
Debt.
President Magee's Eloquent Address.
Treasurer 7 O'Brien Reports
$10,000 Subscribed.
The. forty-third annual meeting of the
Mercantile Library Association was held
last evening, the reports of last year's offi
cers were received and the new officers in
stalled. As the members feel that a bright
future is opening for the pooular old insti
tution, there were present a larger number
than there has been at any meeting in
years. : '" '. » " , ;■" •
, The report : . of the relirine treasurer
showed that the receipts had 1 been $15,
--921*"45, of which ; $9101 85 was subscribed,
$5000 by Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, $1000 by J. L.
Flood, $1000 by A. B. McCreary, $1000 by
S. C. Bigelow, $500 Iby7 J. J. ! O'Brien; $200
by Adam' Grant, $200.by Levi Strauss, arid
the rest in small sums from $10 up. The
expenditures were $12,465 33, of which
$4154 60 went for interest on the library's
debts. - .-"-.'- "-•:'
. Librarian H. R. Coleman reported the
total membership at .1170. During the
past year : the following well-known citi
zens, who were life members,' had died:
W. A. Bray, J. A. Donohoe, Jacob Bacon,
C. W. Kellogg, > N. Bichard, , William Nor
ris, Maurice Dore, J. G. Eastland. Geonre
W.Gibbs. T. C. Banks, Abner Dibblee, F.
*. Ilassey and Ira P. Rankin.
During the year ; 1474 books had been
purchased and 153 donated, making the
total number now on hand 70,259.
After the reading of the report Colonel
A. H. Craig, in the absence of President
T. H. Loughborough, installed the new
officers, as follows:
President, Thomas Magee ; vice-president,
Samuel C. Bigelow ; - treasurer, J. J. O'Brien;
recording secretary, Charles J. King; corre
sponding secretary", William Doxev; trustees-
Colonel T. H. Craig, Sheldon ; G. Kellogg, T. R.
Bannerman, J. B. Reinstein, "T. P. Woodward.
Julius Kahn, George H. Cabaniss, Miss S. D.
Hamlin and Mrs. Edward May.
Mr. Magee delivered an eloquent ad
dress, that was received with frequent ap
plause. He said, in part:
Montaigne, in one of his essays, said that he
had a grievance against time, because he was
by It prevented from meeting Julius Ca?sar,
Socrates and many of the other great men of
antiquity. Many of us feel similarly about
the lew great immortals. Think of meeting
and talking with the mightiest Julius Caesar,
—"death having no conquest over that con
queror'—or to meet the contemplative and se
vere Milton, the Titanic Eschyl us;. the moral
ami kingly poet, Sophocles; the blind Homer,
Pericles, the old Grecians and others like In
kind, the flames of whose acts or works will
never cease to illuminate the world.
• But if you did so meet them would yon
really know them better? If in the body and
The American Ship Roanoke on Her "Way Here From Rio de Janeiro Under Full
Sail Before a Freshening Breeze. .
[From a photograph.]
again alive, and you could engage these men
in ordinary conversation, would you thus
know them best? No, their works as authors,
or their deeds as men, either as soldiers, scien
tists, philosophers, painters, sculptors, archi
tects, or what not, are the immortal part of
them; their bodies were as those of other men.
We uncover our heads when we get into ordi
nary company. How reverently ought we to
uncover when we enter a library which has
become, from its contents, however humble its
architecture, a temple of the mighty dead. No
riches are so permanent as those you can
acquire through the mind and soul; thieves
cannot break into or steal this wealth.
And I here call attention to a point which I
have never seen discussed, and that is that
mental appetites are the analogue of physical
appetites in this respect; that, if you cultivate
a taste (and the young are constantly doing
this) for tongue-tickling but indigestible mix
tures, that please the taste but yield no
nourishment or a minimum of that only to the
body, such appetites will Increase, and the
result will be that good but plain materials of
which the best physical and mental structures
are built, are finally left wholly out of the bill
of fare, flabby muscles, pale complexions,
shriveled skins, bad livers and bad hearts
succeeding where there should be healthy
bodies, clear complexions and vigorous circula
tion. The mind is similarly starved by the
constant perusal of weak novels or other poor
literature. -
1 have always been a subscriber to the Mer
cantile Library and I always will. It is not a
great library, measured by libraries in great
cities elsewhere. I ask for many books that 1
do not rind either in it or the -Mechanics'
Library, but it is, as a library, all that San
Francisco will allow it to be. It has not by
any means all— or nearly all— of the books its
best friends desire it to have, yet the stores of
books in it are still magnificent, and I here
assert that every member who really desired
to acquire solid intellectual wealth of, any
kind has carried away from this library {j>2o
mentally for every dollar he has spent on his
membership pecuniarily.
The library is in debt fTO.OOO. The board of
direotors and myself propose this year to make
a large hole in that debt, and thereby, instead
of having its receipts swallowed largely by in
terest, to add an/I add largely to its stock of
good books, which are as faithful, ever hope
ful, uncomplaining, elevating companions as
man or woman can find in the world.
The evening's exercises were closed with
a short address by Lovell White, one of
the oldest members and an ex-president,
who gave an interesting account of the
library in times gone by, when it wielded
a great influence in a social and literary
way. i - -'.
SET HIS CLOTHES AFIRE
Samuel B. . Thompson _Is Still
Willing to Be Declared
Insane.
He Keeps Up the Supposed Imposition,
but the Police Insist That He
Is Shamming*.
Samuel B. Thompson, securely manacled
and confined in a steel cell , in the Receiv
ing Hospital, succeeded in starting a fire
early yesterday morning and burned up a
portion of his clothing as well as destroy
ing r a heavy pair of ; shoes. 7 Before being
placed in the cell his clothing was thor
oughly searched and nothing was found in
his pockets. , ;
. Thompson declared that he had slipped
one hand out of the irons x and by rubbing
two-sticks of wood together he caused
sufficient friction to start the fire. Where
he could have oDtained f the wood is a
mystery, which he refused to divulge. .'_-
Police Surgeon Weil, who has observed
Thompson closely, does not believe the
man is insane, and his opinion is borne
out by , Bailiff Kelly of Judge Conlan's
court, who said yesterday that Thompson
admitted to him he was acting a part so as
to be sent to an insane : asylum instead of
to the penilentiary.v Thompson ; said jhe
had been in an asylum three times before
and knew just how to fool people. ;
At 12 r- o'clock yesterday Judge Sander
son, who had considered the matter of
Thompson's sanity, ordered him remanded
into the custody of the Sheriff. '--?•
Thompson has , already 7 been $ held on
three charges of an attempt to commit a
felonious assault, but he has yet to stand
his preliminary examination on the more
serious charges of " felonious assault. ; He
will, therefore, have to be kept in the City
Prison for some days yet. Captain Robin
son - ; declares that" he -will be so ?; closely
guarded that- no further attempts at sui
cide will be possible. .
Thompson told Bailiff Kelly that if the
police would rest ; , satisfied on holding him
on the three charges of attempt he would
be willing to be tried in tbe Superior Court
because he would get a light sentence.
.All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN. IMPORTING. TEA CO. :
Sells Crockery, Chlnaware, ■- '..." Glassware and
•:■ - Tinware. - -A/ ■". •-'■■'. '■■'■■
CHEAPEST ; OF ALIa,. TRY THEM., ;
Very Pretty ; Dishes. / Very. Cheap / Prices;
" 62 Market street, S. E., Headquarters. V
BRANCH- STORES ; EVERYWHERE.
DISASTERS AND DEATHS.
Sixteen of the Crew of the Ameri
can Ship ; Roanoke Were ,
Disabled.
BATTERED ROUNDING THE HORN
Two Sailors Fell From Aloft and Were
Killed and One Was Lost
Overboard.
Death and disaster seem'to have followed
the American ship Roanoke from the mo
ment she left New York on June 20, 1895.
The following is the captain's short but
graphic description of the voyage:
Sailed from New York June 20, 1805.
June 29, G. XV. Dobbins, a native of the
nited States, fell from the .mizzen royal yard
and was killed instantly. :
Was forty days to the "equator. Got the south
east trades in SN. and lost them in 18 S. , and
from there to 44 S. had very hard gales and
heavy seas.
August 26. latitude 42 8., shipped a heavy
sea which disabled eight of the watch on deck.
August 28, Oscar Spennet, a native of Fin-
land, fell from the foretopsail yard to the deck
and was killed.
August 28, B. G. Palm, a native of Denmark,
fell from the. foretopsail yard overboard and
was lost. S&SMSI?
August 29, kept the ship off for Montevideo,
having but eight men on deck. Could not
fetch that port, so kept on for Rio de Janeiro.
Arrived at Rio September 10 and put sixteen
of the crew in the hospital, and sailed again
I October 28.
Had strong easterly gales to 40 south. From
thence to Cape Horn had variable winds and
line weather. Was thirty days from 50 to 50.
Had strong westerly gales west of Cape Horn.
Got the southeast trades in 33 south and 96
west and had them strong and carried them to
3 north. , . . '../.A-.-.
Was nineteen days from 50 south 80 west to.
the equator. _ Crossed the equator in the Pa
cific January 4in 117 west. Got the northeast
trades in 3:10 north and carried them to 22
north 128 west. From there |to the Farallon
Rocks had southerly winds and "fine .weather,
with a very heavy swell from the southwest.
Sighted Farallon Rocks January 21, 87 days
from Rio and 213 days from New York.
When the Roanoke was reported there
was a flutter in the quarantine office, and
Dr. Chalmers at once notified the Board of
Health. The vessel was known to have
been in Rio de Janeiro, and in that port
both yellow fever and smallpox were
epidemic. Dr. Williamson responded to
the quarantine officer's call, and together
they visited the ship. Not a single case of
sickness was found on board, ana in spite
of the troublous times and the storms she
had passed through the vessel looked
more like a yacht than the biggest
American merchantman afloat. Captain
Hamilton reported that while he lay in
Rio de Janeiro there had been six deaths
from yellow fever and 141 from small
pox, but as the vessel had been eighty
seven days on the way here and there was
i no sign of disease aboard it was decided to
j allow her to enter.
The Koanoke took in no cargo at Rio,
and as nearly all that she has aboard is
railroad iron for the San Joaquin Valley
Railroad there could be no fear of infec
tion from that source. The entire crew
was also revaccinated before the ship
sailed again.
From the day we left New York until we
reached Rio de Janeiro we had nothing but
hard luck, said Harry Jones, one of * the orig
inal crew, yesterday. .
When Dobbins fed from the mlszen-royal a
few days after we were at sea all the old
timers said the ship was going to have bad
luck. I For a couple of months, however, there
was nothing to bear out the assertion, and
then by all mat's glorious if it did not come on
us in aheap. ' " • "
; It was along in August and the ship was
making heavy weather ' of it. We were under
snug canvas, but wave after wave was break
ing aboard, and the watch on deck had hard
work of it dodging the 5 water .'. as it swept from
stem to stern. Suddenly a, heavier one than
usual came rolling along, and just as the warn
ing cry came from aft it broke aboard, and the
entire starboard watch was washed into the
scuppers. When the watch below had been
called and the disabled men cared for it was
found 1 that only three out of the eight were
able to get around. Even those three had to
take to their bunks next day, and they had to
be left behind at Rio.
. Our troubles seemed to have only just begun,
however, as two days later Spennert and Palm
were lost from the foretopsail yard. Spennert
tell to the deck and was killed instantly, while
Palm fell overboard and was never seen again.
After that we ran into a succession of gales,
and when we did finally reach Rio de Janeiro
sixteen of the men had to be sent to the
hospital. A . more - battered, disconsolate look
ing set of men I never saw leave a ship. The
captain and the American Consul did every
thing possible for them, and they will reach
home all right, It was the most disastrous
and hardest voyage I ever made j around the
Horn, and I don't want another one like it.
Strange to say the ship was damaged very
little, but the crew made up for her escape.
' The Roanoke is " built on * exactly the
same lines as the Shenandoah, and is the
largest American merchantman afloat.
She is 3539 tons gross register, and can
carry over. sooo • tons : dead weight. Her
length is 311 feet 2 inches, breadth 49 feet
2 inches and : depth 20 feet 2 inches. She
was; built in 1802 in Bath, Me., and is
owned by Sewell & Co. of that port. .
Y. M. I. ENTERTAIN.
Borromean '■: Council ' Has a Pleasant
Evening With Friends. .
Mission Opera Hall was densely crowded
last night when Borromean Council No.
129, Young Men's Institute, entertained
its friends In a \ delightful manner with a
literary and musical : programme and a
laughable burlesque on "Trilby."
',; The audience was a warm and most en
thusiastic one, a fact which encouraged
the participants, 1 in the programme to
make special efforts in adding to the even
ing's enjoyment, and for this laudable
purpose ; a full mead of appreciation was
given. Professor d'Arcy's orchestra opened
the first part of .-: the programme with an
overture that won an encore. J. H, Wid
man pleased the audience with a vocal
solo, and Miss i Frances O'Connor's recita
tion was well received. •
VJ. A. McAuliffe sang "The Holy City"
in .such line voice that he was called out
again. The reading of "Christmas in the
Quarters" (a negro idyl) 'by Paul- B. Hay
proved a literary treat - and % was warmly,
applauded;'' The closing number was not
the least,' for Miss Daisy. V.*Keane. sang in
a clear r soprano voice with feeling, --Be
cause I Love You,' Dear" —a very prettily
rendered ballad. "
- The second part of the programme was
•:-- : "Z. -Z-:-:.-y.. - ■ .
"Drilby"— burlesque of Dv Maurier's
work, written for. the occasion by Miss
Mollie Riley. The cast was as follows:
Seven-gally, Dr. J. P. McCarthy; Little
Pilly, R. E. Fazakerlev;. Larry, J. J. Cor
rigan; " Tuff y, R. J. DowdaJl; Getto, J. M.
Toner; Lv Lv, N.J. Hoey; Rev. Mr. Brag
gart, |P. F. Dillon; Drilby, J. A. Riley;
Mme. Vinyard, E. J. Coffey; ; Mrs. Brag
gart, M. J. Collonan.
CUT IN THE LEFT GROIN.
Probable Fatal Quarrel Between John
Yockei and Jim Schwartz.
John Yockei and Jim Schwartz, alias
"Can-Can Murphy," had a dispute on
Brenham place yesterday afternoon, which
waxed warmer and warmer, until finally
Yockei § kicked Schwartz on the leg.
Schwartz drew a knife and slashed Yockei
across the left groin, the blade entering the
peritonium and severing two of the deep
arteries. " : *' : '7''7 -^
. As Yockei ; fell to the ground Schwartz
fled, and the police are scouring the City
for him.-; It is only a question of time
when] he will be captured, as Policeman
Wren knows all his haunts and •he is in
hot pursuit. Joseph Collins, an eye-wit
ness to the stabbing, was arrested, and
will be detained as a witness.
Yockei was taken to tne Receiving Hos
pital in the patrol-wagon, and Drs. Weil,
Thompson and 1 Stice attended to him.
There was considerable hemorrhage, and
the probability is that the wound will
prove fatal. -pp
fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners at their meeting
yesterday on the recommendation of Chief
Sullivan decided to ask authority from the
hoard of Supervisors to form monitor battery
2 by the election of a driver. It is pro
posed to station the battery in the house of
truck 1. Thomas Timmins was appointed
hoseman of engine 14. .-',•-' ■.--..•
Did Not Walk With the Woman.
E. Dunton of Napa, who was robboed on
Grant avenue at noon Wednesday by the no
torious Ethel Brandon, says he was not walk
ing with the woman when robbed, but that he
stood looking in a window when she and a
companion came up and engaged him in con
versation. During the conversation his pocket
was picked.
ITALIAN NEWSPAPER ROW
A Jury of Four Has at Last
Been Appointed to End
the War.
Now the Waiting Public Will Be
Informed Who Slew the
Abyssinians.
The lively exchange of compliments be
tween L'ltalia and La Voce del Popolo
over the question of who slew the 10,000
Abyssinians, has at 'last resulted in the
formation of a jury to decide which news
paper must enrich the poor of the Italian
colony with the sum of $100.
To defend the statement that its tele
gram came from a reliable source, L'ltalia
has named .as its judges G. F. Cavalli
and P. C. Rossi. The former edits L'Elve
zia and is an able newspaper man. La
Voce del Popolo has secured two well
known members of the colony. A. Sbar
boro and P. Barbieri to uphold its chal
lenge: that L'ltalia's telegram narrating
the deaths of 10,000 Abyssinians before
Makalle was a pleasing figment of the
editorial brains which sway that news-
paper. .
During the week that the controversy
has raged about the authenticity of the
telegram, the two journals have said some
very pretty things of one another. -
La Voce, in the course of some honeyed
remarks relative to its loathed contem
porary, insinuated that the acting editors,
Signori Almagia and Patrizi, were in
danger of having their ears pulled by the
management of their paper, for excess of
zeal in fabricating the .telegram and after
ward backing it up by a bet of $100. This
inuendo brought forth the following pro
test from the management of L'ltalia: .
"As the magnates of the management
never poke their noses into the editorial
department of L'ltalia, and the ear-pull
ings to which the Swiss-Italian journal al
ludes will perhaps be the order of the day
on Montgomery street, but not at 627
Washington street, so we think it well to
draw the attention of the public to the fact
that Signori Almagia and Patrizi. who
bear the editorial responsibility of L'ltalia.
have bet thesloo out of their own pockets."
" The decision of the jury is looked for
ward to with deep interest by every one at
North Beach who is conversant with the
Italian language. The four gentlemen
who have been selected are all well known
to the readers of the two papers and they
all inspire perfect confidence. If they fail to
come to a decision they are empowered to
name a fifth juryman who shall have the
casting vote.
OLYMPIC CLUB AFFAIRS
The Lot Adjoining the Building
Will Be Leased for Ten
Years.
A Grand Handball Court to Be Con
structed—Boxing in the
Pavilion.
The Olympic Club . directors have de
cided to give the handball members of the
club an opportunity of enjoying a pastime j
which is rapidly becoming the leading j
feature of indoor sport. Director Short '■
said yesterday that the intention of the
directors is to tear down the two courts on
the lower floor of the building and turn
the space into a lounging-room. The lot
adjoining the building on the west side
will be leased for a terra of ten years—that !
is, if the club can arrive at a - satisfactory I
agreement with the owner of the property
which is now quite probable. . '
A magnificent handball court, which
will bo superior in every particular to any
of the American ball' alleys, will be con- •
structed on the now vacant lot and a com
petent instructor will be engaged to teach I
the j young idea how to toss and hit ac- i
cording to the latest and most approved i
style, a la Jack Mallon.
..." The roof will ; be of glass, with netting
underneath so as to prevent any possible
damage being done by the high-toned ball
strikers. The court at night will present a
decidedly brilliant appearance, as the
most powerful electric lights will shine
down upon the athletes when they are at
play. . , ■ .*; ,
• A grand boxing tournament open to the
amateurs of the Pacific Coast will be held
at the Mechanics' Pavilion under the aus
pices of the Olympic Club in April. The
club will spare no time or pains to make
this tournament the grandest feature in
the way of fisticuffs that has ever been in
troduced west of the Rocky Mountains.
' Mention is made in the long since pub
lished memoirs of the Marquis de Villiers
of Paris of a wonderful spoon once in the
possession oi bis family.. This spoon was
reputed to be of gold, studded in all parts
with diamonds of the first water, iTour
inches » in ; . length, the value of this
article was stated to be $75,000. > Each dia
mond was the sizs of a; large pin's head,
and there were some hundreds of them.
~ : The sea is i infinitely: more productive
than . the .. land. It . is estimated that an
acre of good fishine will yield more food in
a week than an acre of the best land will
yield in a year. -
TWO COLLEGES TO UNITE
University of the Pacific to Cen
tralize Its Schools at
San Jose.
TO REMOVE THE NAPA COLLEGE
Trustees Take Definite Action at a
Meeting Yesterday— An Enter
tainment.
The board of directors of- the Univer
sity of the' Pacific held a meeting at the
Y. M. C. A. building yesterday.
The future policy of the university re
specting its educational department was
discussed at length and it was decided to
consolidate the Napa and San Jose schools
at the latter place. The college at Napa
will be closed at the end of this term.
The reasons for this change are that
the new conditions of education on the
coast, such as the opening of tbe Stanford
University, somewhat reducing patronage,
and. a conviction on the part of the trus
tees that one school of college grade would
serve the requirements of the denomina
tion. . .'Ap/yAAT 'r
The school at San Jose known as the
San jose College, and located at College
Park, will henceforth be known as the
University ol the Pacific, with its affiliated
schools, . the conservatory of music and
the school of art, also located at College
Park. " ■ ' t
By this arrangement all graduates of
Napa College and all degrees issued by the
institution will be recognized by the new
university. •*-.-;/
The Napa property, consisting of college
buildings, halls and about twelve acres of
land, will bo put on the market at once.
By .a condition of the consolidation
the endowments of Napa College are to
be held in special trust to establish a
Methodist 7 theological seminary in T San
Francisco when the time shall be deemed
advisable. When the- present subscrip
tions are collected the entire debt on both
institutions will be. wiped out, and the
new university will thus have an endow
ment of $50,000. ,
In connection with the readjustment,
Dr. J. N. Beard, who has been president
of the combined institutions, presented
his resignation, to follow out a plan of
study abroad. He will leave next week. .
The trustees present were: Jere Letter,
T. C. McChessney, H. M. Bland, H. W.
Stephens, H. B. Heacock, Dr. F. F.
Jewell, San Jose; E. R. Willis, S.M. Tool,
Eli McClish", T. B. Hutchinson, S. E. Hol
den, F. J. Norton, Napa; J. N. Beard, J.
a; Percy, Dr. E. R. Dilie, I. J. Truman,
Dr. John Coyle, Dr. Thomas Filben, San
Francisco; Dr. E. D. McCreary, Stockton;
Rev. E. P. Dennett, Santa Rosa; Rev. A.
H. Neeham, Pacific Grove; Rev. M. D.
Buck, Sacramento; Rev. T. H. Woodward,
Petaluma. \\Ww\\
An entertainment was given under the
auspices of the Kpworth League at the
residence of Dr. Filben, 1201 Taylor street,
last evening, when the following pro
gramme was rendered: yy/y
Organ solo, George H. Fawcett"; contralto
solo, Miss Esther Needham; cornet solo.
Miss Nellie Shipley; soprano solo, Miss Rose
Broderick; piano solo, Miss Gussie Mast; reci
tation, May Filben; vocal solo, Mrs. C. E. Bur
gess; tenor solo, 'CM. Elliott; contralto solo,
Miss Needham; instrumental trio, Mrs. Bur
gess, Miss Stickney and Miss Shipley; | soprano
solo, Miss Mast; violin solo, Miss Stickney.
Refreshments were served during the
evening. -" ■ -..'•■■ -■ ;. .
The Trial of W. K. Price.
The trial of W. ]". Price, charged with send
ing obscene literature through the mails, will
be commenced on February 12. Price was to
have been arraigned before Judge Morrow
yesterday, but his attorney asked lor further
lime in which to present his argument on the
demurrer to the indictment. -■•:'• •
Shot Himself.
Albert Morath, a German laborer, was found
dead in his room at the Chicago Hotel yester
day morning. He had shot himself. The man
was about 40 years old. The proprietor of the
hotel. said he has been out of work for a long
time, and lately has become very despondent.
NEW TO-DAY.
fj Centuries ago, peo-
/W*v- // A pie used to fear what
vwW^/^jL A they called the pes-
\^7ivllii tilence. "Black
jJ&ifi-tp^^Jiffm Death ' ' was the
xtU Eg ie*Jiili most terrible thing
' AWt WW iwHßin the world to them.
ax\aWv^a\wa\ ffijpr^They feared it as
Bars JB^- l 1 people now fear the
¥ JmWT'^l. ! Cholera and Yellow
I mr ff>- ML Fever. And yet
smmmm* v(wW there is a more terri-
/^TVsg- D * e thing than any
■^ (rf Br' of these. There is
vr M a thing that causes
A more misery aud
more, deaths than
any of these. It is the commonest trouble
that human beings suffer from. It is so
common that nine-tenths of all the sickness
in the world is traceable to it. It is merely
that simple,, common thing— constipation.
There is no telling what it may.lead to, but
it is sure to lead to something bad. j Its im-
mediate effects are .unpleasant in the ex-
treme. It makes people listless, gives
them headaches, makes the digestion poor,
causes dizziness, loss of appetite, loss of
sleep, foul breath and distress after eating.
All this merely because Nature has been
imposed upc>n, and has been refused the
little help she needed.
This little help is furnished by Doctor
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. . One pill is a
gentle laxative and two a mild cathartic.
There are two remarkable things about the
"Pellets." One is that they never gripe;
the other that they cure permanently.
There is no other medicine that does cure
permanently. You can take any othrr
medicine you like, as long as you like, .'.3d
if you stop, your trouble will come back
quickly, and the chances are the trouble
will be worse than it was before. This
isn't true of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
You take them until you get yourself into
perfect working order, and then you stop.
You don't have to take any more ' Pellets "
unless after a while you do something that
deranges your digestive system again. We
are not guessing about these facts, and we
don't ask you to take our unsupported word
for it. Thousands of people have found
that they are true, and have ; testified to
them. Let the druggist who says that some-
thing else is "just as good " sell that some-
thing else to somebody else. Don't let him
trifle with your health for the sake of a
little more profit to himself.
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
No. 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
AT AUCTION!
Closing-Out
SALE •
Of DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEW-
".-■-■" ELRY, CLOCKS and SILVER.
WARE to the highest bidder.
NO Reserve, -
BARRETT & SHERWOOD,
9 and 1 1 Geary Street.
SALE COMMENCES. SATURDAY at li
o'clock and 7:30 evening.
STORE TO RENT,