VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 48.
CHICAGO WINS
BY TWO VOTES
Captures the Democratic Na
tional Convention by-
Hard Work.
ST. LOUIS' GAME FIGHT.
Noted Leaders of the Party
Present the Claims of
Rival Cities.
FLOW OF ELOQUENCE AND WIT.
It Takes Twenty -Nine Ballots for
the Committeemen to Make a
Selection.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. lfi.— The
Democratic National Convention will be
held at Chicago on July 7.
Such was ttie decision reached on the
twenty-ninth Dallot by the National com
mittee to-day alter a spirit I contest, in
which Chicago won by :i bare majority,
with St. Louis only two votes behind.
It was practically a fight between the
free-silver forces on one hand and the
sound-money men on the other. This
statement cannot be taken as literally cor
r<et. for several silver men finally voted
for Chicago, while several other votes were
cast for St. Louis by hard-money men.
As a matt . the vote which Chi
cago received \va«, as Mr. Bm alley of Yer
it, "a natural one," inas
much as it was cast by the States lying
within the group known as the Middle
West and the East. St. Louis' vote might
illed equal y central, since it
came mainly from the Southwest and the
\
The free-silver men, who were bitterly
hostile to New York, made St. Louis their
rallying point and throughout the entire
twenty-nin< they were loyal to the
city of their choice.
The -flowing made by St. Louis
surprised the best posted politicians at the
Arling B • . as it was believed last
night and this morning that she could not
raliv to exceed tifteen or eighteen votes;
she would then drop out of the race,
and that the light would narrow down to
Chicaco and Cincinnati. That she did
stay in the race and in the concluding bal-
Jots rtrvt -rrfy fr.rrpTise her strength shows
how admirably her forces were disciplined.
New York's poor showing did not sir
prise any one who was familiar witli the
situation. It was not that New York's
campaign was not cleverly managed, for
her <ieie^ation neglected no argument that
could secure her the support of the com
mittee. It was obvious yesterday after
noon that she could not win. but her rep
. continued the fight
in the face of certain defeat. It was
thought thai Cincinnati might be the
second choice of a sufficient number of
me m be rs to secure the prize, but this hope
■was not realized.
At no time during the day was Cincin
nati a serious competitor, and at no time
did she secure more than twelve votes.
ago began at six votes, and it was not
until the fourteenth ha.'lot that she in
creased them to ten. She remained prac
tically at that figure untu the nineteenth
ballot, when her strength was increased to
thirteen. Again she stood practically still
until the twenty-seventh ballot, when her
f sixteen, in the preceding ballot,
wa^ increased to twenty.
At thai time St. Louis, which had begun
with 19, had i'l votes; New York had
fallen to 3 and Cincinnati to 6. It was
manifest then that not only had the fight
narrowed down to Chicago and St. Louis,
but that Chicago's steadily increasing
gains indicated her ultimate victory. This
came on the twenty-ninth ballot, when
te of 21 in the twenty-eighth ballot
ncreased by 5, thus giving her a bare
ity and leaving Bt Lo a danger
ous second with 24, while Cincinnati was
reduced to l. New York's 4 votes on this
ballot went to Chicago, as did also one of
Cincinnati's.
The detailed vote on this ballot resulted
as follows:
Alabama— Henry D. Clayton, St. Louis.
Arkansas— l. M. Rose, St. Louis.
California— M. F. Tarpey. St. Louis.
Colorado — Charles S. Thomas, St. Louis.
Connecticut— Carlos Preach, Chicago.
Delaware— Lewis C. Yandergrift, Chi-
cago.
Florida— Samuel Pasco, S.t. Louis.
Georgia— Clark Howell Jr., Chicago.
Idaho — Frank W. Beane. St. Louis.
Illinois — Ben T. Cable, Chicago.
Indiana— Simon P. Sheerin, Chicago.
lowa— J. J. Richardson. Chicago.
Kansas— Charles W. Blair, St. Louis.
Kentucky— Thomas H. Sherley, Chicago.
isiana— James Jeffries, S.t. Louis.
Maine -Arthur SewalJ, Chicago.
Maryland— Arthur P. Gorman, Chicago.
Massachusetts — Josiau Quincy, Chicago.
Michigan— Daniel W. Campu, Chicago.
Minnesota— Michael Doran, Chicago.
issippi — Charles 15. Howry, St. Louis.
Missouri— John C. Prather, St. Louis.
Montana— A. .). Davidson, St. Louis.
Nebraska— Tobias ('aster, Chicago.
Nevada K. J. Keating, tit. Louis.
New Hampshire — A. W. Sulloway, Chi-
New Jersey— Miles Rcss, St. Louis.
New York— William F. Sheehan, Chi
cago.
North Carolina— M. W. Ransom, Chi
cago.
North Dakota— William C. Lesitikow, St.
Louis.
Ohio— Calvin S. Brice, Cincinnati.
Oregon— E. D. McKee, Chicago.
Pennsylvania— William P. Harrity, Chi
cago.
Rhode Island— Samuel E. Honey, Chi
rago.
South Carolina— lf. L. Donaldson, St. ;
Louis.
South Dakota— James M. Woods, Chi
cago.
Tennessee il-.lmes Cummins, Chicago.
Texas— O. T. lloit, St. Louis.
\ eruicm— Bradley b. Snialley, Chicago.
The San Francisco Call.
Vir-inia— Basil B. Gordon, St. Louis.
"Washington— Hugh C.Wallace. St. Louis.
West Virginia— John Sheridan, Chicago.
Wisconsin— K. C. Wall, Chicago.
Wyoming W. L. Kuykendall, St. Louis.
Alaska— A. L. Delaney, Chicago.
Arizona— Charles M. Shannon, St. Louis.
District of Columbia— James L. Norris,
Chicago.
New Mexico — H. I>. Ferguson, St. Louis.
Oklahoma— T. M. Richardson, St. Louis.
Utah— Samuel A. Monett, St. Louis.
Indian Territory— Robert Lowen, St.
Louis.
Totals— Chicago 26, St. Louis 24, Cincin
nati 1.
After the different cities had been put in
nomination this afternoon five ballots
were taken with closed doors. It was
then apparent, as the changes were im
material, that the contest would be long
drawn out ami a, recess until 8:.>0 o'clock
was agreed upon. The intervening time
was utilized by the different ciiies in an
endeavor to effect combinations favorable
to themselves. A number of informal
conferences were speedily called, but they
were in most cases barren of results.
Senators Bnce and Gorman, for exam
ple, had a consultation in Cincinnati's
headquarters. Gorman favored New Yor6
and lirice, of course, was using his influ
ence for Cincinnati. Each tried to win the
other to the city of his choice without
avail, and this conference, like many
others, came to naught. It was found
that the St. Louis contingent wore as solid
a? a rock, and that no break could be made
in tueir ranks. Some of the Cincinnati
men showed a disposition to go to Chicago
when it was demonstrated that Cincinnati
could not win, and a similar sentiment
was expressed by some of the Eastern
men who were supporting New York. On
the other hand New York could not secure
an additional promise, nor could Cincin
nati.
It was then realized that the forces of
the last two cities named would gradually
disintegrate, and Chicago and St. Louis
become the beneficiaries. A hasty con
sultation snowed that St. Louis and Chi
cago would divide about evenly on the
Tote, a circumstance which lent addi
tional interest to the contest. That Chi
cago tinally secured a majority was due,
in part, to personal considerations, Cer
tain members of the committee were in
different as to the location of the conven
tion. What they wanted in particular was
a city where they could be made most com
fortable.
Tbe question they asked themselves was
whether these, conditions could be found
more generally iv St. Louis or in Chicago.
They decided that Chicago pos-c-s< • 1
superior advantages in the matter of
hotels, and this undoubtedly influenced a
sufficient number to give the Lake City the
majority.
It is also asserted that the strong sup
port which the siiver men gave to St.
Louis created a prejudice against that
place among certain of the sound-money
men who voted for Chicago, not because
they cared especially for Chicago, but be
cause they were determined not to join
forces with their free-silver opponents.
It was not until nearly 11 o'clock that
the final and decisive ballot wa9 taken.
Some of the New York men at once
packed their grips and returned home on
the midnight train. A majority of the
visitors will leave to-morrow and all of the
number will doubtless take their de
parture Saturday.
The executive session of the committee,
which began at 11:30 o'clock, lasted two
hours. Mr. Harrity of Pennsylvania, the
chairman of the committee, presided and
Mr. Sheerin of Indiana, the secretary of
the committee, called the roll, which dis
closed the presence of fifty-one members.
Niblack, who holds the proxy of the
member from Oklahoma, made a motion,
which was adopted, that the committee
on credentials at the convention be in
structed to admit six delegates each from
the Indian Territory and Oklahoma.
Howell of Georgia offered a resolution,
which was also agreed to without ob
jection, that a committee of seven, of
whom the secretary and chairman of the
committee shall be members, be appointed,
to whom shall be delegated the absolute
control of the convention, no matter
where it may be sent.
The sub-comi>:ittee, to whom was re
ferred the Collins resolution, looking to
the holding of the next convent:on with
practically closed doors, reported it back
unfavorably and it was rejected unani
mously.
The principal work of the session related
to the various resolutions fixing the date
on which the convention shall be held.
Allen Thurman of Ohio, who held the
proxy for New Mexico, offered a resolu
tion fixing the date for June 2. Mr.
Thomas of Colorado amended this by fix
ing the date on June 9, while Mr. Wallace
of Washington offered another amend
ment providing for June 30. Senator
Morgan of Alabama supported the Thomas
resolution and considerable debate ensued.
Mr, Thomas spoke earnestly in support
of his resolution. A long campaign, he
said, would enable the advocates of free
coinage to expound their doctrines to
greater advantage than a later date, which
meant the stilling of this subject. The
silver question, he said, would be the issue
in the campaign, and he thought the
Democratic party ought to meet it like
men. Moreover, it was the unwritten po»
litical law that the party in power should
hold its convention prior to that of its op
ponents, and to break that precedent at
this time would be a confession of weak
ness.
Berator Morgan of Alabama favored an
early date, inasmuch as an important
State election will be held in Alabama in
August, and all the time possible will be
needed in which to conduct the campaign
after the party formulates its National
platform.
Mr. Ellison of Virginia opposed June
30, as it would interfere with the Confed
erate reunion, which will occur at Rich
mond on that day.
Thereupon Mr. Wallace of Washington
moved that July 7 be agreed upon. The
roll was called and thirty-two members
supported the resolution, with eighteen
voting in the nrgative, while one member
refrained from voting.
After the adoption of the d#te the com
mittee at 1:30 o'clock took a recess until 3
o'clock.
STOKT OF TIMK STRUGGLE.
Hour the Fight A'arrowed Down to St.
. Jjoui,* and. Chicago.
WASHING'!^, D. C.. Jan. 16.-At 3
o'clock the banquet-room of the Arlington
Hotel was thrown open to all who had
cards of admission, and in a few minutes
every seat in the : . place was filled. At 3:30
o'clock. Chairman Harrity rapped for
, order and directed the roll of State* to be
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1896.
LED BY HOPE, CALIFORNIA ESCAPES FROM GIANT DESPAIR.
called, so as to know definitely the cities
which desired to have the convention,
slating then that tbe cities would be called
in their alphabetical order so as to have
the claims of each presented, for which
purpose half an hour was to be allowed.
The first State to be reached having a com
petitive city was Illinois, and on its behalf
the city of Chicago was proposed. In due
succession came St. Louis, New York and
Cincinnati.
Judge Goodrich of Chicago was put for
ward as the spokesman for that city. He
'•aid he was delegated by the people of
Illinois and of Chicaeo to extend a cordial
and hearty invitation to hold the next
National Democratic Convention within
the borders of that city. Chicago would,
as she had always done, fulfill every guar
antee she made.
"We have only," he said, "the kindest
feeling for every city that has entered into
the contest. W« have only a feeling of
generous rivalry. But we have a feeling of
that modesty which characterizes Chicago.
[Laughter.] We claim to be the best con
vention city in the United States. W«
claim to have the best facilities for enter
tain:"?; vast crowds. Our transportation
facilities are unsurpassed. It is the great
inland city of this continent. All railroads
run to Chicago. Since the last National
convention was heid there she has had the
World's Fair, and has entertained more
people than were ever entertained in any
City in a similar length of time.
"The Democracy of Chicago and Illinois
don't need the stimulus of the convention
to do their duty. Whether the convention
be beld in Chicago or elsewhere the
Democracy of that great State trill be
found in the campaign of 1896 doing its
duty as it always has done. [Applause.]
Gentlemen, if you want to win come to
Chicago. You have never elected and
seated a Democratic President who was
not nominated in that city since 1866."
[Applause.]
Goodrich went on to say that the hotel
rates would be tbe usual ones and that the
hall would be magnificent, and he heartily \
invited the convention to come to Chicago.
Senator Brice said that the claims of
Cincinnati would be presented by Messrs. '■
Ingalls ana Follett.
Mr. Ingalls said that he would be in
Continued on Second Page,
"SPUD" HOWARD AND HIS STAGE.
The stage running between Uklah and Willits and driven by Theodore Howard, better known as
" Spud " Howard, appears to be a favorite with the road agents of that section. It was held up on the
morning of December 31 last and the driver was compelled to pass down the treasure-box, which the
bandit-there was but one-forced open, taking possession of the contents. On Wednesday last the stage,
again driven by Howard, was stopped on the same spot, now known as "Robbers Pass," by a lone high
wayman, and the vehicle, as well as the driver, searched. No treasure was found, however. The photo
graph from which the above engraving was made was taken upon the arrival of the stage at the hotel in
Ikiah on the day of the first robbery. "Spud" Howard is shown holding the reins, while the owner of the
stage Jine, W. H. Miller, is standing on the porch with his hands in his pockets. The two ladies were
passengers at the time of the robbery.
MURDERED BY
MILL HANDS
Fate of a Private Detective
While Shadowing a
Suspect.
LURED TO HIS DEATH.
Assassinated by a Band of
Conspirators and His
Body Burned.
SOME OF THE SLAYERS CAUGHT.
Many Warrants for the Arrest of
Men Implicated in a Most
Daring Crime.
PARIS, Tex.. Jan. 10.— The Federal offi
cials received a telegram from Talihana,
lnd. T., yesterday stating that a foul mur
der had been committed and the murdered
person afterward burned, and asking that
warrpnts be sent, together with a posse of
Deputy Marshals to ferret out the perpe
trators and secure their arrest.
During last October a detective by the
: namo of Boilett, hailing from Springfield,
Mo., made his appearance in the neighbor
, hood of a sawmill located some six miles
i south of Talihana, Ind. T.
It is alleged that the sawmill men learned
that he was a detective and that he was
shadowing one of their number, who it is
said was a fugitive from justice. No sooner
had the millmen made the discovery than
they put a detective on his trail in the
shape of a woman in the neighborhood,
who reported hia movements to the mill
men.
It is alleged that his actions confirmed
their suspicions and that a plan was ar
raneed to murder him on the following
Sunday. The detect've was boarding with
one I. A. Blue. Blue was apprised of the
murderous intention of the millhands
toward his boarder and he informed him
of the trap that had been placed for him
and advised him to disappear. This hap
pened on a Saturday night.
Builett, the detective, acted upon the
advice of his landlord and immediately
left. lie had not had time to go very
far before his landlord heard groans, but
upon investigation Boilett could not be
found. It is said that the groans emanated
from Boilett and that he was assassinated
as he left the house of his landlord. His
body was carried off a short distance and
burned, the tire being started by pine fag-
EOtS.
His bones were found on Tuesday morn
ing by a hunter in the secluded spot where
his remains were burned. Seven warrants
were issued out of the Federal Court yes
terday for persons charged with the mur
der. Six of the warrants were for men and
the remaining one for a woman, Deputy
Marshals Cantrell, Harper and Mackey ar
rived here to-day with three of the prison
ers, named Walter Emory, John Kii.g and
Henry Wright. The other four have not
been apprehended as yet.
The facts as stated in the foregoing were
obtained from Deputy Marshal Minor of
the Fort Smith court and substantiated by
Federal officials here to-night, returning
from the scene.
SCOREIt THK FRESIDEyT.
Remarkable Ijecture Delivered by Presi
dent Wheeler.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Jan. 16.—Pro
fessor Arthur M. Wheeler, head of the
history department at Yale, last night
delivered a remarkable lecture on the
Monroe doctrine. In it ho roundly scored
President Cleveland's attitude. He said:
"Spain, through special dispensation of
Pope Alexander, vicegerent of the Al
mighty, obtained possession of the desti
nies of three-quarters of the world, but I
do not know that we have a patent from
the Almighty unless it has come recently
and through his vicegerent, Pope Grover 1.
'Our press says that this act of our
President is no cause for war, because
England will back- down. When our
President shakes his fist in the face of
the English Queen, isn't this the act of
a bully? We sny that the message was
called out by the danger to our in
stitutions. Why don't we take them in
out of the wet, and not let them remain
out over night? Our danger does not lie
in Venezuela, nor in the land south of the
frost line. It lies . not in contact with
England, whose institutions are as
free as our own. The liberties
of our fathers are in peril. The
danger lies in the degeneracy of our public
men and in the failure of the attempt to
get a decent municipal government. Re
publican government has often been a
curse. The ballot lias no virtue, and un
der certain circumstances it is a source of
great corruption."
JtOliliElt JIT mask eh WMV.
The Crew of a Fr^iyht Train Held Up by
Hand it x.
NEVADA, Mo. t Jan. 16.— A bold robbery
was committed last night at Nassau, one
and a half miles south of this city. It was
payday on the Missouri Pacific, and five
robbers with handkerchiefs over their
faces boarded a Missouri Pacific freight
train at this city. When the train stopped
at the junction it was held up, and the
masked men robbed the engineer, three
brakemen and the conductor.
The Populist Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo,, Jan. 1(3. -Chairman
Taubeneck and a number of other promi
nent members of the Populist National
Committee arrived this morning. They
will confer with delegations from a num
ber of cities to-morrow and decide upon
ihe place for holding the next National
convention. Chicago, Omaha, Dallas and
St. Louis are the strongest candidate. 1 } for
the honor, with the chances strongly in
favor of St. Louis.
FAILURE OF A BIG FIRM
Wholesale Clothing Dealers Are
Forced to the Wall on Heavy
Judgments.
The Establishment of Kahn, Schoen
brun & Co. in the Hands of
the Sheriff.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 16.— Snrprise was
created in the wholesale clothing district
to-day when the old and extensive firm
of Kahn, Schoenbrnn & Co., manufac
turers and wholesale dealers fa tine
clothing at Adams and Market streets,
were closed by the process of confessions
of judgments aggregating nearly $150,000.
Executions were issued and the Sheriff
took possession of the establishment. It
is estimated that the liabilities of the firm
will reach $300,000. The largest creditors
outside of local banks, which advanced
money on notes to tide the firm over bad
times, are New York nouses. The actual
assets are hard to estimate, but they are
believed to be more than enough to meet
every dollar of the liabilities. The firm
carried an immense stock of clothing, and
their overstocked condition, combined
with inability to make collections in time
to repay bank loans, caused the failure.
The firm stood high among its New York
creditors and in banking circles here.
An effort is being made to effect a com
promise among the principal creditors
who were forced to protect their interests
and_arrange for the rirm to resume busi
ness. The members of the firm also
owned a retail clothing-house on State
and Qnincy streets, known as the Sun,
which had recently moved from its original
small quarters to a large building by itself.
The members of the firm are Mark and
Felix Kahn and Leopold Schoenbrnn.
Later a bill was tiled by Mark Kahn
against Felix Kahn asking for a dissolution
of the partnership existing and the ap
pointment of a receiver.
The confessions of judgment filed were
in favor of the Corn Exchange Bank of
Chioaso for $60,000, Importers' and Traders'
National Bank of New York for $,">O,OOO,
National Bank of the Republic, Chicago,
$25,000, M. G. Becker & Co. $10,000, and
two others for small amounts. The stock
of the hrni is valued at $400,000 and the
accounts receivable form a large part of
the assets.
WOULD NOT PLAY MONTE
So the Bunko Men Tried to
Secure the Money by High
way Robbery.
P. W. Campbell, the Los Angeles Mining
Man, Fought Bravely at Cripple
Creek.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Jan. I«.— P.
W. Campbell, president of the (ioler Con
solidated Placer and Hydraulic Mining
Company of LO3 Angeles, Cal., arrived in
this city last night. On the train he met
a man by the name of Morgan, who vol
unteered to show him the camp. The
two started out on foot shortly after 8
o'clock this morning and had reached
Reno tunnel when another man joined
them.
The old three-card monte bunko game
was sprung, and when Campbell refused
to play the two men attempted to force
their demands with a revolver. A terrific
tight ensued. Campbell was fortunate
enough to catch the revolver so as to pre
vent the hammer from failing, but in
doing so cut his hand in a frightful man
ner. He was finally overpowered and
beaten insensible. Still he held on to his
money, and the robbers made a hasty re
treat on the approach of several men "who
had been attracted by Campbell's cries.
Mr. Campbell was brought to town and
his injuries were dressed by Dr. Cham
bers. Several cuts had to be sewed up.
It is thought the ??kull has sustained a
slight fracture. Although badly hurt the
injured man will recover.
An arrest was made of a suspect, but
Campbell was unable to identify the man.
Ciaar- Manufacturer* Fail.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. lfi.-E. X.
Steinberg, Steifel & Co., cigar-manufactur
ers, assigned to-day. The liabilities are
$300,000, nominal assets $500,000.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
REPORTED BOUTS
OF THE CUBANS.
Stories of Defeat Are Sent
Out From Spanish
Sources.
CLAIM MANY VICTORIES.
But the Regular Troops Are
Bothered by the Tactics
of Insurgents.
VOLUNTEERS MAKE TROUBLE.
Seditious Talk Among Officers, Who
Demand the Prompt Retire
ment of Campos.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— Senor
Dupuy de Lome, the Spanish Minister,
late this afternoon received the following
dispatch dated to-day from the Duke of
Tetuan, Minister of Foreign Affairs at
Madrid:
"General Yaldez met and disbanded
Gomez, killing and wounding some of hig
men, who were left on the field. Colonel
Molina defeated a band in the jurisdiction
of Colon. The column of Jurro also de
feated the enemy on the Glanera planta
tion. Colonel Marti also met and de
feated another band in Sancti Bpiritus.
There have been other small encounters,
also to the advantage of the Spanish army,
but without great results, because of the
policy of scattering adopted by the in
surgents. I telegraph to you the news
with perfect accuracy."
DISSATISFIED WITH CAMPOS.
Volunteer Officers Protest Against th 6
General's Inactivity.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— A Her.
aid special from Key West, Fla., says:
According to private advices from Havana
there was great excitement on the ex
change there yesterday, where much sedi
tious talk was indulged in. Several col
onels and officers of volunteers who were
present made speeches against Captain-
General Campos and a general protest!
against his military inactivity ana over
humane policy was expressed.
One major of volunteers proposed that
Campos be either forced to resign or be
lynched, and the speech was met by cheers
from various Spanish merchants of well
known intransigente principles.
The majority of. the representatives of
Spanish business houses present signed a
petition to close the exchange, and many
favored closing the stores as a protest}
against Campos' permanence in the island.
A. delegation from the volunteer corps
ofneers was named to wait on Campos and
insist that Pando be called and be given
full military command and that Campoa
either radically change his political policy
or else resign the governorship.
The Spanish sentiment against him
is increasing hourly and trouble is feared.
Several foreign vessels in the port, by the
direction of the consignees, have
pended the discharge of their cargoes
awaiting the outcome of the affair.
Lieutenant-General Mann has been hur
riedly called from Matanzas and is now in
consultation with the captain-general.
A significant editorial appears in the
Diario de Marino, the organ of the Re
formist party, saying that the country and
business circles cannot longer stand the
crisis, and openly intimating that if Cam
pos can neither crush the revolution
nur effect immediate peace the time has
come for a new trial, as no time must be
lost in the face of the growing strength of
the rebel movement.
Every attempt of New York or Madrid
correspondents to telegraph anything as
to the arrest list Thursday of Loreto
Cepero, the rebel lieutenant-colonel, from
Havana direct has been frustrated by tho
cable censor, although the Havana papers
puHished full accounts of the detention,
announcing the capture in big headlines.
The cabling of the news abroad was. it is
said, forbidden by Campos' personal
orders. A court-martial was hurriedly
called, and it i< whispered on the streets in
Havana that the prisoner has already
been quietly executed.
Havana newspapers are making ed
itorial protests aeainst Campos' arbitrary
orders suspending the publication of ex
tras, and energetic protests will be wired
to Madrid via this city to-day.
Maceo, it is stated here, expects to re
join Gomez in Havana or Matanzas within
a fortnight. No big battle will, however,
be fought until late in February, when, it
is now believed, that Matanzas of Cien
fuegos will be attacked. A new uprising
has occurred in the extreme western part
of the island and news comes to Key
West this morning that the garrison at
Cape Fan Antonio has been captured and
the lighthouse occupied by the rebels.
rescue or cub Ays.
Taken >'r»m a Sinking Schooner in the
Sick of I'hne.
PENSACOLA, Fla., Jan. 16. — The
Norwegian bark Pioneer, which entered
this port on Monday, brought to this city
ten Cubans, who were rescued by the crew
on the Pioneer from the small schooner
Henry, between Kingston, Jamaica, and
Tampa, Fla., thirty-five miles off shore. The
schooner was in a sinking condition, the
crew being over waist deep in water for
thirty-six hours, and having only small
cans to bail with. They had but two
crackers for provisions.
They refuse to give their names or any
information regarding their movement,
and it is believed that they were bound
for Cuba to join the Cubans, and were
driven off by adverse winds.
ftrgiilatioua for Launches.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. If!.— The
bill governing launches and vessels above
fifteen tons, propelled by pas, gasoline,
naphtha or electric motors, carrying pas
sengers and freight, was favorably re
ported to-day. Pleasure launches are not
affected.2
MOST UNWISE
AND DANGEROUS
Senator Sewell Condemns
the Course of the
President.
A POINTED RESOLUTION.
Original Scope of the Monroe
Doctrine Has Been Ex
ceeded.
AGAINST TIME-HONORED POLICY
Protest Against This Country Estab
lishing a Protectorate Over
Central America.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— A
resolution offered in the Senate by Sewell
(H.) of New Jersey, and which now lies on
inJenis tin- course of tlie Presi
dent in the Venezuelan boundary dispute
and defines the limits of the Monroe doc
trine. It declares th.it the Monroe doc
trine was originally meant to prevent Eu
ropean powers from acquiring the then re
jpanisn colonies when their ac
quisition would by reason of propiniquity
be dangerous to the safety of this Govern
ment, and that we have never given any
pledge that binds us to act merely for the
protection from invasion of these coun
tries unless our integrity is menaced. It
then Btates that the President has pressed
the doctrine beyond what was originally
contemplated and that, the result would be
to commit this Government to a protec
torate over Mexico and the Central and
American states; that this course ol
the President was unwise and dangerous,
violating our time-honored policy of avoid
ing entangling alliances with foreign pow
md that such action in view of the
business and financial condition of this
country was premature.
It I . lares that neither Congress
nor the country is committed by this
action of the President in the Venezuelan
controversy, and that after the report of
the commission lias been made was the
proper time for taking such action as may
be aemanded by our sense of duty in the
matter.
A resolution offered by Cullom (R.) of
Illinois was agreed to, calling on the Sec
retary of State for information regarding
the alleged detention by the Turkish Gov
ernment of naturalized citizens of the
United Stai
Hale (R.) of Maine spoke on his bill to
facilitate the construction and maintenance
of a telegraph cable to tbe Hawaiian
Islands by guaranteeing the interest on the
money actually expended. He urged that
such a cable would in effect give notice to
the world that the interests of the two
Governments and peoples had become so
connected that all attempts at interference
would cease.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska called atten
tion to the adverse report made yester
day by Sherman (E.) of Ohio from the
Committee on Foreign Relations on his
(Allen's) bill prohibiting the acceptance
by an American citizen of a title or degree
of honor from a foreign Government, and
asked the Senate that instead of its being
postponed indefinitely, as was ordered
yesterday, it be placed on the calendar.
No objection was made and Allen's re
quest was complied with.
Hansbrough (R.) of North Dakota, from
the Committee on Agriculture and For
estry, reported a joint resolution directing
the Secretary of Agriculture to carry into
the provisions of the law in relation
to the distribution of seed* and of farmers'
bulletins. The resolution was placed on
the calendar.
Cullom (R.) oi Illinois offered a resolu
tion, which was agreed to, calling upon the
Secretary of State for information aa to
whether naturalised citizens of Armenian
birth are allowed to visit Turkey and
whether United States passports held by
them are recognized by the Turkish Gov
ernment; also whether the families of such
Armenian naturalized citizens residine in
Turkey are permitted to leave that country
under the usual protection.
CV.I(D.) of Florida offered a resolution
calling on thejtecretary of State for copies
of dispatches oi United States Consuls in
Cuba relating to the v. ar being carried on in
that island. The resolution was iaid on
the table for the pre;ent, upon objections
of Sherman (It.) of Ohio and Platt (K.) of
Connecticut.
A resolution was offered by Se.well (R.)
of New Jersey, and laid on the table tem
porarily, declaring that the Monroe doc
trine was never intended to be applied in
the manner and for the purpose now pro
posed by the President of the United
States, and that the President's action was
premature (looking to the history of the
controversy) and inopportune in view of
the business and financial conditions of the
country.
The bill offered by Hale (R.) of Maine,
on the 3d of January, "to facilitate the
construction and maintenance of tele
graph cables in the Pacific Ocean for the
use of the Government in its foreign inter
course," was, at hi 3 request, laid before
the Senate, and Hale made a speech in ex
planation and advocacy of it. The bill, he
said, committed the Government of the
I nited States to a subvention of about
$■-'50,000 per annum. It embodied a plain
business enterprise that would bring the
Hawaiian Isiands close to the United
Btatea, enabling the latter to act wisely on
the happening of any significant event.
After reviewing the attempts of Great
Britain and other countries to obtain a
foothold in the Hawaiian Islands for a
telegraph cable across the Pacific Ocean,
Hale referred to tne enabling act of the
Hawaiian Legislature authorizing a sub
sidy and a concession to F. S. Spalding,
formerly United States Consul at Hono
lulu. He could not and did not care
—whether the project would accelerate the
annexation movement.
He looted upon annexation B9 an event
sure to come in the near future, and he
did not want to precipitate it. In conclu
sion he quoted from President Cleveland's
message to Congress on the subject, that
tlie way was now cLear for the United
States to accomplish that great purpose,
and that if the United States abandoned
the project or was languid in prosecuting
it the British would occupy the ground
and, by hook or crook, pet a resting place
in the Hawaiian Isiands for a great mili
tary and commercial British oceanic cable.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska made an argu
ment in favor of the Government owner
ship of the proposed cable and of the Pa
cific Railroads, and Halo's bill was then
referred to the Committee on Foreign Re
lations.
At 3 o'clock the bond bill, with the tree
coinage substitute, was taken ud and
Peffer resumed the speech begun yester
uiiy.
Peffer spoke one hour and forty minutes,
during which time he denounced the
issue of the bonds, favored the use of silver
and condemned the use as money of such
articles as could easily be cornered by
bankers.
Resolutions on the death of the lata
Representative Cogswell of Massachusetts
were laid before the Senate and adopted,
and at 4:30 as a further marK of respect
the Semite adjourned until Monday.
SESSION OF THE IIOVSE.
Grow Denounced a Publication. Concern
iii<l Sealing Seizures.
WASHINGTON. I). C, Jan. 16— the
beginning of the proceedings of the House
Grow (R.) of Pennsylvania sent to the
clerk's desk to be read as the basis of a
statement upon a question of privilege an
extract from a pamphlet published by the
New York Chamber of Commerce to the
effect that Congress had refused to pay
$400,000 for the seizure of Canadian sealers
and found to be due by the Paris tribunal
of arbitration, thereby preventing the
Government from settling a debt which it
was in honor bound to pay.
On a point made by Crisp (D.) of Georgia
Speaker Reed ruled that it presented no
question of privilege, but Grow succeeded
in denouncing the publication as false.
Bills were passed on motion of Perkins
(R.) of lowa to print 300U copies of a com
pilation of the customs laws, and on
motion of Murphy (R.) of Arizona
authorizing the leasing of school and edu
cational lands in the Territory of Arizona.
The House then concluded the general
debate on the pension appropriation bill,
speeches being made by: Clark (R.) of
[owa, Griffin (R.) of Wisconsin, Hatch
(R.) of Indiana, Brumm (R. ) of Perm-
MRS. MARY LORD DIMMICK.
The niece by marriage of Benjamin Harrison, whom the ex-President is going East
to wed at an early day. Preparations are now being made in the Harrison household
to receive the lad)".
■ [This picture it reproduced from the New York Journal.]
sylvania, Dovenor (R.) of West Vir
ginia, Linney (R.) of North Carolina,
Bartiett (D.) of New York and Blue (R.)
of Kansas.
Sherman (R.) of New York favorably
reported a resolution offered by Cannon
(R.) of Utah, asking the Secretary of the
Interior the probable time that certain
lands within the Uncompahgre reserva- i
tion in Utah, known as tne Asphalt j
lands, will be restored to the public do
main. The resolution was agreed to.
Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania called np the
general pension appropriation bill for !
further consideration in the committee of j
the whole. Speeches were made, tne prin- I
cipal topics of which were the honor and!
valor of the soldiers of the late war and a j
denunciation of the statement made by
Bartlett (D.) of New York in his speech on
Monday to the effect that the efforts to
secure further pension legislation had for i
their object the looting of the treasury, by
Clark (R.) of lowa, GrilHn (R.) of Wiscon
sin, Hatch (R.) of Indiana, Drum (R.) of j
Pennsylvania and Dovenor (R.) of West j
Virginia.
Blue (R.) of Kansas, who reported the
bill, said that before the House entered
into a discussion of it under the live
minute rule there should be a full state
ment of the provisions of the bill. The
committee, he said, cut down the esti- I
mates of the Secretary of the Interior by
$58,750. The other provisions, Blue said,
were inserted by the committee as a rebuke
to the inhospitable and unfriendly action
of the Pension Bureau, not as new legis
lation, but as an expression of what the
law was and what the proper construction
should be.
The committee then rose.
Moody (R.) of Massachusetts announced
the death of his predecessor, General Wil
liam Coggswell, on May 22 last, and the
usual resolutions were adopted, and as a
further mark of respect the House at 3:50
adjourned until to-morrow.
lilt* A. BIG XITSIXESS.
But the Standard Company Was Com
pelled to Asttiyn.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 16.— The Standard
Electric Company made a voluntary as
signment in the County Court this after
noon for the benefit of all creditors.
George M. Stone, one of the attorneys for
the company, was named as assignee.
The business was established in 1891 with
a capital of $1,000,000, but all the stock
was not paid np. D. P. Perry, vice-presi
dent and manager of the company, said
to-night that the assignment was made
because of inability to make collections
with which to meet pressing liabilities.
The company div a business of $250,000
a year and was one of the largest in the
city in dynamo making and arc and in
candescent lighting.
inaugurated Governor of lowa.
DES MOINES, lowa. Jan. 16. -Francis
Marion Drake was inaugurated Governor
of lowa in the capitol building this after
noon in the presence of thousands of spec
tatogsand both branches of the General
Assembly.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
BARHAM TALKS
WITH CLEVELAND
Explains the Provisions of
His Bill for the
Canal.
THE NICARAGUA ROUTE.
Many Reasons Urged to Show
That the Enterprise
Would Pay.
PAYING BUSINESS ASSUKED.
Estimates as to the Cost of Construe*
tion Have Been Greatly
Exaggerated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.—Repre
sentative Barham had a talk with Presi
dent Cleveland to-day concerning the
Nicaragua canal. He talked with the
President for fifteen or twenty minutes.
Barham said to him that he believed tha
people of the United States without re
spect to part}' affiliations were in favor ot
the construction of the canal.
The President said, "Yes, I believe that
is so."
Barham explained the provisions of his
bill, by which bonds were to be issued
the Government and the canal con
structed by it, and that it was to be
strictly an enterprise of the United
States— to be constructed, paid for, owned
and controlled by the Government.
"But Senator Morgan's bill proposes to
construct the cana! by our guaranteeing
bonds of a company, so it will not cost our
Government anything,' 1 said President
Cleveland.
In reply Barham called his attention to
the decision in the case of the United
States against the Stanford estate, holding
that individual stockholders were not
liable for the debts of a corporation. Bar
ham said that if the United States guar
anteed these bonds under Senator Mor
gan's bill, the same difficulty might be
experienced as in the case of the Pacific
roads.
He thought it far better that the Govern
ment should issue its own bonds and con
struct its own canal. He estimated that
the canal could be constructed for con
siderably less than reported by the Nic
aragua Commission, and did not think it
would cost more than $100,000,000, and
perhaps not more than $75,000,000. He
quoted Captain Merry and other experts,
who say that probably 8,000,000 tons of
freight would pass through the canal
yearly, and at $2 a ton the gross income
would be $16,000,000. The operation of the
canal would not cost more than $1,500,000
annually, leaving a net profit of about
$14,500,000 a year.
If these estimates were correct or ap
proximately so the canal would pay for
itself in ten years even if it should cost
$150,000,000 to construct it, and if it should
cost no more than $75,000,000 it would be
paid for in five years.
Barbara was well pleased with his in
terview with the President. He is prepar
ing a speech which will demolish the argu
ments put forth by Joseph Nimmo Jr., the
alleged statistical expert. Nimmo' de
clared that the Nicaragua route would be
difficult of approach by sailing vessels be
cause it is in the "equatorial calm belt."
He quoted Lieutenant Maury as saying in
hi* book that the Nicaragua canal was in
the equatorial calm.
Barham shows that Maury was mis
quoted, and that he referred to the
Panama route as being within the calm
belt, while Nicaragua, according to
Maury, is outside, of it. Barham accuses
Nimmo of deliberately and willfully seek
ing to misrepresent tne facts.
"There are only three calm belts," said
he, "Capricorn, Cancer and the equatorial.
Maury saya distinctly that Nicaragua is
outside of the equatorial beit, while
Panama is within it, and that, conse
quently, Nicaragua is by far the best
route for sailing vessels. Nimmo well
knew that Maury had reference to Panama,
and deliberately sought to deceive Con
gress. Therefore I shall seek to impeach
nis testimony; for it is a maxim of the
law, 'Falsus in unum, falsus in om
nibus.' "
Cotning to See Xlieir Son.
CHICAGO, 111. , Jan. 16.— Superintend-
ent of Police Badenoch and Mrs. Baden
och left here last night for Los Angoles,
Cal.. for a fortnight's visit on the Pacific
Coast. Most of their time wiil be spent in
Santa Cruz visiting their 19-year-old son.
John J. Badenoch Ji.. who is there recu
perating his health. The young man, in
the midst of his senior work at the high
school, was seized with malaria during
December and was sent to the coast. To
see him is the chief purpose of his parents.
The Chief will be at home again Feb
ruary 1.
TO CUlili GREAT BRITAiy.
German?/ Urged to Form an Aggressive
Policy.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia," Jan. 16.—
The leading Russian newspapers are unan
imously protesting against the establish
ment of an entente between England and
Russia in regard to the Transvaal or upon
any other question. The Moscow Gazette
urges Germany to curb Great Britain's
aggressive policy in Africa.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 16.— The Admiralty
has asked for tenders from Clyde ship
yards for the construction of ten British
cruisers of the type of the Pelorus, which
is in the course of construction at the Gov
ernment dockyard at Sheerness. The
Pelorus is rated as a third-class cruiser of
2135 tons and 7000 horsepower, which will
carry eight guns.
THE MEKONG DISPUTE.
Terma of the Xeu> Treat}/ 'Between France
and Great Britain.
PARIS. France, Jan. I<J.— A treaty was
signed yesterday by representatives of
Great Britain and France settling the
MeKong dispute, each power agreeing upon
the Mekong River as the boundary of
British and French territory from the
north of Siarn to the frontier of China,
and that the upper Mekong in Siam shall
be the sole buffer between the territories
of the two powers. The question of a
buffer state was eliminated from the con
troversy.
KEPTTLSEH AT MAKALE.
Fruitless Attempts of Ahtfsninians to
Take the Stronghold.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 16.— The Govern
ment has received advices from Abyssinia
that another attack was made by the
Abyasiniana upon the Italian stronghold
at Makale, on January 13, with the result
that the natives were repulsed with
greater loss than that which they sustained
in their assault upon the place on January
11. When the enemy fell back the Italian's
pursued them, and" taking advantage of
the state of things the troops remaining
within the fortifications were enabled to
obtain for the fortress a new supply of
water of which the Italians were greatly
in need.
ELIOT AN ARCH TRAITOR.
Harvard's President Roundly
Scored by Miss Susan B.
Anthony.
Suffrage, She Says, Is Decidedly One
of the Bulwarks of This
Government.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Jan. lfj.-Miss
Susan B. Anthony, the great leader of the
woman suffragists, was very much agi
tated when she read Charles W. Eliot's
reply to her criticism of him in her annual
call for the convention of the National
Woman's Suffrage Association as made
public through a letter to Bishop Doane of
Albany, an enemy of suffrage to women.
In the call the following extract appears
"As the president of Harvard University
says: 'The exercise of suffrage stimulates
all citizens to reflect on problems outside
the narrow circle of their private interests
and occupations.' "
"The nrst and only time I ever saw
President Eliot," said Miss Anthony,
"was at a convention of all the superin
tendents of schools of the United States.
Before a great audience he arose and de
clared that it was not in the interest of
American patriotism or loyalty to have
women teachers in the schools. He said
that the system of employing women
teachers should be done away with and
that only men be employed. There 1
formed my idea of the man, and I have
not changed it. For him to say, as he
does in his letter, that suffrage is not one
of the bulwarks of this Nation is idle talk,
and shows up the man. It is one of the
greatest of her bulwalks, and our country
could not exist as it does without this bul
wark.
"Regarding the criticism that I have in
any way distorted his letter, it is not true.
The word 'the' instead of 'these' was sim
ply an error of the printer. It is harmful
to the Nation to have such a man as Mr.
Eliot at the head of such a great institu
tion as Harvard University. In my mind
Mr. Eliot is not an American of whom a
true patriot should be proud. He is an
arch traitor, and has by this letter alone
committed treason."
Speaking further, Miss Anthony said;
"If, as President Eliot says, he did not
regard suffrage as one of the bulwarks of
this Government, then surely he left out
the underpinning of the whole structure.
If he did not mean to include that, he
ought to have meant to do so." Miss An
thony hoped her views would be rightly
stated before the public.
AMERICANS XOT HEART* FROM.
But It Js Thought That Hammond and
Others Are Safe.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.-Noth
ing further bearing on the arrest of John
Hays Hammond and other Americans in
the South African republic has been re
ceived by Secretary Olney except a cable
dispatch from Mr. Mannion, United
States Consular Agent at Johannes
burg, saying that Mr. Olney's instruc
tions relative to securing protection
for American citizens had been received
and would be attended to. British con
sular officers in the Transvaal are pre
sumably caring for the interests of citi
zens of this country in accordance with
the request of Secretary Olney and the in
struction of Colonial Secretary Chamber
lain with diligence equal to that pursued
in the case of British subjects.
At to Undervaluation «.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.—Assist
ant Secretary Hamlin has instructed col
lectors of customs that in any case where
an undervaluation of 40 per cent or more
has been found on imported merchandise
seizure should be made at once under the
presumption of fraud, unless the circum
stances are such as to positively relieve the
importer from any suspicion of fraudulent
intention.
Broker Chapman's Trial.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 16.— 1n the
trial of Broker Chapman of New York for
refusing to answer certain questions put
by a Senate investigating committee the
day was consumed with arguments. The
case will probably go to the jury to-mor
row.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— The
treasury lost $114,000 in gold to-day, leav
ing the treasury gold reserve at $54,745,000.
BANKS ASKED
TO CO-OPERATE.
Comptroller of Currency
Eckles Issues a
Circular.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOTS.
National Banks Asked to Explain
the Advantages of the
Investment.
CAN ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT.
Subscriptions Could Be Secured by
Calling Patrons' Attention to
the Loan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.-Jame3
H. Eckles, Comptroller of the Currency,
to-day issued the following circular to the
3800 National banks of the United States:
"Some days since, at the request of the
Secretary of the Treasury, I caused to be
forwarded to you circulars inviting pro
posals for the 4 per cent bonds soon to be
issued by the Government. In order that
offers for the same may be made more in
telligently by those desiring to bid there
has been prepared by the Treasury De
partment the inclosed statement exhibit
ing the prices to be paid for the bonds in
order to return to the investor certain
rates of interest in said statement men
tioned.
"It is the desire of the Government that
these bonds be distributed as widely as
possible, and as they are of a character
which affords to National banks especially
desiring to obtain circulation thereon a
Jong-lime investment, your attention is
called to them, both as to this particular
feature and that of the general character
of the investment.
"It is suggested that the National banks
can materially aid the Government in
popularizing this loan by calling the at
tention of their patrons to the desirability
of it as an investment or in stimulating
subscriptions thereto. It is earnestly re
quested that you explain to your patrons
in detail the manner of making bids and
the terms thereof, thus giving them the
fullest information upon the subject. In
this matter it is believed that many of our
people who might otherwise feel indiffer
ent to the investment would see the
advantage attached to it and wish to par
ticipate therein."
CHICAGO WINS
By Tl VOTES,
[Continued from First Page.]
fluenced in his remarks with malice
toward none and charity for all. There
were two points involved in the question,
he said. One was the business point as to
whether Cincinnati could take care of the
convention and the other was the political
point, whether it was advisable for the
Democracy to hold their convention in
that city. Cincinnati had had no conven
tion since 1880, and in the meantime a new
city has grown up on the banks of the
Ohio and her people, without regard to
present creed, age, sex or condition, had
decided to invite the Democratic conven
tion there. They had wanted to invite
the Republican convention there, but the
price had been a little high. [Laughter.]
Cincinnati, he said, had the best hall in
the world for political conventions. It
could seat 6000 persons as comfortably as
the audience wag seated in this hall to
day. Cincinnati had also got the trans
portation.
As to hotel accommodations Mr. Follett
told the story of the Cincinnati hotel
keeper who was asked how many people
he could accommodate. "Well," said he
"if they come from New England or New
York I can accommodate about 100 people,
but if they come from Kentucky and the
barroom is large enoueh I can take care
of 1000." [Laughter.]
"We will entertain you so well," Mr.
Follett continued, "that you will not like
to lose an hour in sleep. You will wait
till you get home for that." [Laughter.]
Speaking of the Republican convention
to be held in St. Louis Mr. Follett said
that be would not undertake to fish in
waters muddled by the Republicans.
[Laughter.] As to New York, he said that
that was one of the finest places he had
ever seen, but if Democratic delegates went
there they would never have money
enough to go there again. [Laughter.]
In conclusion he said: "Come to Cin
cinnati and we will take such good care of
you that your stay will be one pleasant
day and you will be loath to return and
will be sorry when the day comes to do
it." [Laughter.]
J. Waldo Smith, president of the New
York Grocers' Association, was the first
gentleman selected to present the claims
of that city. His remarks were very
humorous and kept his audience in a con
tinuous roar of laughter. He would not,
he said, indulge in any pyrotechnics, but
he would state a few plain facts in a few
plain, terse sentences. He spoke of New
York as the greatest city in America, and
said that it was impossible to have a crowd
there, although they have had throngs.
Among its advantages he mentioned the
pure, sparkling water, so that it would not
be necessary for any gentleman to indulge
even in a milk shake. [Laughter.]
"Politicians have nothing to do with
this' invitation from New York," he
declared. "Banters will have nothing to
do with it. They will not give us a cent,
and they do not want you to go there.
Come to New York, then, and we will do
you good." [Loud applause.]
Simeon Ford, proprietor of the Grand
Union Hotel, made the next speech, and
he also kept his audieace in a continuous
roar of laughter. He said that, being a
hotel man, he was not intellectual. Hotel
men don't need to be. All that they had
to do was to open their hotels and the
boarders would run them. [Laughter.]
The hotel-keepers of New York hoped to
have the convention in that city; first, be
cause they thought it was the best place
for it; second, because it would be an
honor for the great metropolis, and third,
because it was to be held at a time of year
when the great hotels of the city were well
nigh empty, and the convention would
give them a chance to make an honest dol
lar. [Laughter.]
It would also give them an opportunity
to care for the delegates and visitors in a
way to redound to the honor of New York
and of her hotel-keepers. He promises
that no one would have to spend his nights
"feverishly tossing on a billiard table or
slumbering within the narrow confines of
a bath tub." [Laughter.] It was said, he
added, that Mr. Dcpew had spent two
nights in a bath tub at Minneapolis', and
he presumed that it was a benefit to him.
[Laughter.] The ordinary delegate, how
ever, preferred naturally to "wrap the
drapery of his couch around him and lie
down to pleasant slumber." [Laughter.]
It might be too much to say that New
York was the only city that could offer to
the delegates a comfortable bed at night.
[Laughter.] Excelsior was the motto of
the State, but the y would find they did
not force the motto into their hair mat
tresses. [Laughter.] There were hotels
there, he said, for all classes of people — fine
hotels for fine people, plain hotels for
plain people and "bum" hotels for "bum"
people, but he did not expect many of the
latter class to attend the convention.
The hotel accommodations exceeded the
combined accommodations of St. Louis,
Cincinnati and Chicago, and were
the finest in the world. In this con
nection Mr. Ford spoke humorously of
"most of the delegates having gone
through Chicago and of Chicago having
gone through most of the delegates," and
he closed by saying that the New York
hotels would not increase their rates one
iota.
The claims of New York were further
urged by Colonel John R. Fellows, wno
said that more than 20.000 guests could be
accommodated in the hotels which he
named within five minutes' easy walk of
Madison-square Garden. New York could
at any time, he said, supply 150,000 visitors
with separate rooms and separate beds.
He extended a liberal invitation to the
committee, but said it was an auction bid.
As to railroad fares, he promised that
they would be as low from the extreme
South to the city of New York as to any
central city, ana it would cost the dele
gates from Oregon, California and Wash
ington, or from the extreme points of the
South, co more to go to New.York than it
wouid cost them to go to the central city
nearest to their residences. This New
York was prepared to do, because it was
only meritorious and proj>er to do it. New
York pledged herself to extend a welcome
which no other city was capable of extend
ing. New York had never given her vote
for any but a Democratic candidate, and
she now pledged to the Democratic candi
date a majority of 25,000. In conclusion
Colonel Fellows said:
"Come to New York; come to a Demo
cratic city ; come 10 the welcome which
her citizens will extend you, irrespective
of party. And having come, and having
once experienced the courtesies and
generosity of her attention, I am sure that
every delegate will thank this committee
for a deed most graciously and gratefully
performed." [Loud applause.]
Ex-Governor Francis of| Missouri was
put forward as the first advocate for the
city of St. Louis. That city, he said,
asked nothing but the honor cf the pres
ence of the convention. St. Louis would
open to the Democratic delegates the doors
of her residences and the hearts of her
citizens. She had a public hall that would
accommodate 12,000 people ; not a tempo
rary structure, but a substantial brick
building of modern architecture. St.
Louis, he said, had the largest railroad
station in the world, the largest hardware
house, the largest drugstore, the largest
wooden ware-house, the lamest tobacco
factories and the largest brewery in the
United Sfates. [Laughter.] Time, he said,
would not admit of his recounting all the
advantages of St. Louis. She had been tried
as a convention city and had proved equal
to the task.
He assumed that the National Demo
cratic Committee believed in civil service
reform, and therefore he said "give us an
other Democratic convention." But if the
committee did not believe in civil service
reform they appealed to its members as
the followers of the immortal Jackson and
asked : "Who has done more for the Dem
ocratic party than Missouri? For twenty
five years the electoral vote had been
always cast for the Democratic nominee.
What other State aspiring for the conven
tion could say as much? And just as
surely would her vote be cast for the Dem
ocratic nominee in 1896.
"If, therefore," he continued, "you want
to reward party service, and that is the
only way in "which a party can hold to
gether, give to Missouri this convention of
1896. It has been charged that as
the Republican convention is to be
held there the Democratic conven
tion would only be picking up the
crumbs left by the Republicans. The
Republican convention, it is true, will be
held in that city on June 16, but the
middle of June is the only hot weather we
ever have in Bt. Louis. [Laughter.] July
is always cooler than June, and the
weather statistics will bear out that state
ment. Are you going to let us return
home and say to the Democrats of our city
and State that you have refused us what
the Republican National Committee gave
to the Republicans of Missouri? They
are claiming that State. We. do not de
spair of carrying it. We did not despair
of carrying it in 1894. And we never be
lieved that we had failed to carry i - until
the returns were counted a second time.
[Laughter.] We are confident that we
will carry the State by a majority of
40,000. Come to St. Louis, and as you did
not regret it in 1888 you will not regret it
in 1896."
Mayer Walbridge of St. Louis was the
next speaker for that city. He spoke of
St. Louis as a financial Gibraltar where
financial measures were always safe. It
was the metropolis of a State which stood
above all other States except four and
which was now passing through a period of
development and prosperity which was,
likely in the near future to put her at the
head of the column. St. Louis was the
focal point where merged the waves of
sentiment from every part of the Union.
It was the only city of which it could be
truly said that she knew no sections,
nothing but the broad domain of the
nation. [Applause.] It was a city not
controlled by "isms" except American
isms. [Loud applause.]
The next speaker fur St. Lonis was Gov
Grand
Results follow the faithful use of Hood's
Sarsaparilla.. It does expel every trace of
scrofula, cures rheumatism, neuralgia and
catarrh, creates an appetite and makes the
weak strong.
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Pnrifier. $1; six for $5.
Rood's Pills
ernor Stone of Missouri, who said tbat they
wanted the Democratic National Conven
tion in St. Louis; they wanted it in Mis
souri not because they needed it there to
carry Missouri for the Democracy, oc
ctmse they would carry it anyhow.
[Cheers.] There was not a particle of
doubt about that.
The oratory of the afternoon was closed
by a fervent speech in favor of St. Louis
by Senator Vest, one of whose remarks,
"That the claws of the Tammany tigers
are red with the blood of thd Republican
party," brought out tumultuous applause.
Speaking of the climatic conditions of >t.
Louis he ridiculed the description that
people there were "parched, fried, roasted
and fricasseed and that the water was
muddy." And he brought _ down the
house again by exclaiming, "Whoever be
fore heard in a Democratic convention of
anybody complaining about water?"
"Do you suppose," he asked, " that the
delegates would be made either out of ice
or wax ? We want no icy or waxy Demo
crats—no political dudes, but political
heroes with manly iron in their blood and
with nerves of steel, who can carry the
flag of the Democratic party in all lati
tudes and in all dangers."
Referring to the speech of Chauncey I.
Filley of St. Louis before the National Re
publican Convention, Senator Vest said:
"I accept the gace of battle thrown down
in this hall by Mr. Filley, who with stri
dent voice aelared: 'We've got 'em, we've
got 'em, but if you will give us this con
vention, I will be personally responsible
for 20,000 Republican majority in Mis
souri.'
"Yes," Mr. Vest declared in scornful
tones, 'he has got them. He has eotthern
as the boy got the hornets, and he will
scream to his mother, 'Come and take the
blamed thing away.'" [Loud laughter
and applause.]
Continuing, Mr. Vest said: "Do you
know what it is to lose Missouri? You
expect to lose Illinois, you expect to lose
Ohio; you may lose New York, but if you
lose Missouri you break that solid pha
lanx of Democratic votes which has stood
like a granite wall before the attacks of the
Republican horde, and you will be in the
hands of the Republican enemy for an in
definite time to come."
Talking of the silver question and its in
fluence on the selection of a convention
city, Mr. Vest said :
"Governor Francis believes in a gold
standard, and I in the free coinage of sil
ver, but when the political light comes we
will stand together.
Normans and Saxons and Danes are we,
But iJemocrats till in our love for thee.
[Cheers.]
"The Democracy of Missouri will do
their duty well in 1896, as in the past, and
we will scatter Filley and hia gang before
us as the cyclone scatters the dust and
leaves the water."
This closed the oratorical display, which
lasted for nearly three hour*, and \vhieh
was throughout of an usually high and
entertaining character, and as inch was
enthusiastically applauded. The audience
room was then closed to all but the mem
bers and officers of the National Commit
tee, and the balloting for the choice of the
convention city be^an.
JREJOICIXG AT CHICAGO.
Already Plaim Are Jieing formed for the
Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 16.— The lateness
of the hour at which the decision of the
Democratic National Committee was
reached to hold the convention in Chicago
precluded any celebration of the news at
Democratic clubs, hotels or anywhere else,
but the conimitteemen who remained be
hind, Adlai T. Ewing, Potter Palmer and
J. Irving Pearcft, were elated to hear their
efforts had been crowned with success and
began to evolve plans* regarding hall anrt
other arrangements for toe big gathering.
The members of the Iroquois Club,
which got up tne funds and enthusiasm
for Chicago, take the credit for success.
The conimitteemen here telegraphed to
Washington that the $40,000 was guaran
teed and tbat the National Committee
should have full charge of the expenditure
the convention hall and all the arrange
ments in connection with the convention,
including the troublesome ticket question!
This unusually generous offer, it is be
lieved here, secured the convention.
The Maryland .Senatonhip.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Jan. IG.-There was
no material change in to-day's vote in the
Legislature for a United States Senator to
succeed Gibson.
r ____ i __ WEW TO-PAT.'
"What, giving away those elegant
Writing Portfolios that you got from
Paris ? Eh?— oh— with every SI O pur-
chase? Well, say— just save one for
me. I'll be down directly for one of
those fine overcoats.
Unusual inducements just now ia
every department.
Underwear, neokwearand hosiery at
great reduction.
Hats— the latest blocks in Derbys and
Fedoras at V' 3 the hatter's price.
Dollai-and-a-half Fedoras for ninety-
five cents.
Catalogues— Rules for Self-Measurement— FREE.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE.
Corn-rof Sacramento and Webster streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING ...JANUARY 17,
DR. G. F. HANSON.
SubJect-"OUR NATIVE FLORA."
tar ADMISSION * : rke _g»
§£!*• Gibbon's Dispensary,
L iseaa*,. Lost Manhood Dobl llty o?
JB?iB?SSg
dy.r*. flonrmllH, foundries' laundries. 5?2S
: hantcn, prtaun, painters, shoe factories. ■££?£
ben. Ur-roofen, uonen, tallon, eta
Manufacturers, 609 Sacram.ntaSfcALASKA'S BIG
AVALANCHE
News of a Recent Slide
Brought to Port
Townsend.
MUCH PROPERTY LOST
Ebner Mill Was Swept Com
pletely Off the Face of
the Earth.
SEVERE WEATHER AT JUNEAU.
A Cruel Murder Committed at Douglas
City on Last New Year's
"Day.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 16.—
The steamship Topeka from Alaska to
day brings new? of an avalanche which
occurred recently, leaving .1 great ! |<<; of
property and life in its wake. Nothing
was known of the matter until a miner
passed by and saw the gulch, and on in
gation discovered the Ebner mill a
total wreck.
A young man named Pearl, who served
in the capacity of custodian and watch
man, was nowhere to bo >een and it is sur
mised he was carried away in the mass of
snow and rocks which came dashing down
the gulch, spreading death and desolation
in its path.
The scene of the avalanche was at
Bernera Bay and the slide came from the
main headwaters of Gold < reek. Property
to the value of | - been removed
from the face of the earth. The body of
young Pearl will remain in its enormous
asket until the spring thaw sets in.
The recr-nt r< . i usually severe
ber at Juneau, brought down by the
Al-Ki. is confirmed by the passengers
aboard the Topeka, who assert that never
in the history of the Territory has such
weather been experienced. Even the
newspapers, which have up to now main
tained a discreet silence, admit that the
mercury was down to zero with a gale
■ _'. making a perfect blizzard of the
drifting snow.
< )n V-w Year's day the little settlement
of l'oudas Cay, just across from Juneau,
wa- startled by a numler. in which Joe
Nakagawa was tne victim. The unfor
tunate fellow was in bed at the time the
-n appeared, and was shot through
the hack as he lay in his bunk. His part
ner, another Jap, named Matsumota, re
ported the shooting and was immediately
arrested on suspicion, he having in his
possession cartridges exactly lining the
rifle with which the deed was committed.
tsumota accused a white man named
Dunn of the crime, but the fellow proved
an alibi with the assistance of an Indian
woman, with whom he had been spending
the evening.
Jacob Abramson, an employe of the
Trea iwell mine, was killed recently by
falling through the ore chute. He was
walking across the pit, when the chute waa
r hanged and he was drawn through. It is
s-aid he had been warned a number of
times of walking across the pit. It waa
some time before the body could be rescued
from the pile of ore.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Death of Dr. Benjamin Cory, a
Pioneer Physician of the
State.
The Populists Are Stirring and
Organizing for the Coming
Campaign.
SAN JOSE. Cai.., Jan. I'!.— Dr. Benjamin
Cory, a pioneer physician of this coast,
died at his residence in this city about 3:30
o'clock this morning of heart failure, after
a lingering illness of more than a year.
He was born in Oxford. Ohio, November
17,1822. He attended the public schools
until he was 15 years of age and then en
tered the Miami University, taking a clas
sical course.
He graduated in 1842 at the age of 20,
Dr. lienjamin Cory, Pioneer Physician
of the Coast.
and received the degree of master of arts.
He at once began the study of medicine
under his father, Dr. James M. Cory of
Oxford, Ohio, and later entered the Medi
cal College of Ohio at Cincinnati, where
he graduated in 1846. He practiced medi
cine for two years with faia father and then
started for the Pacific Coast.
Dr. 1 •■<! the pi3ins by ox-team
and arrived in Portland, Or., in Septem
ber. 1847. Not Eancving the outlook of the
then unsettled territory, he took iiassage
on the brig Henry for San Francisco,
where he arrived in November, 1847. He
found that two physicians, Drs. Townsend
and Fourgeaud, had already established
themselves there and concluded that the
lield was pretty w«ll occupied. Learning
of the Pueblo de San Jose de Guadalouj.e,
he started for this place by a small sail
boat that plied between San Francisco and
Ai vivo. Arriving at Alviso, he hired a
young Mexican to carry his books ani
bagpage to San Jo.se and" secured a horse
on which to make the trip. There was no
physician here, and Dr. Cory at once
commenced the practice of * mediciue,
which he continued up to the time of his
illness.
tn 1848-49 he made two trips to the
mines, but remained there out a short
time.
Dr. Cory was a member of the first State
Legislature which convened in this city.
The district from which he was elected
extended from Monterey to Martinez. In
L 8 '<• he was elected a member of the Com
mon Council, which office he tilled from
1851 to 1855. Hi' was a member of the
Board of Education for four years. In
1^72 Governor Booth appointed "him a trus
tee ot the S;ate Normal School, and he
continued in that olriee for ten years.
In L 853 he was married to Miss Sarah A.
Bralr, a native of Missouri, who crossed
the plains in 1547. Besides the widow six
children survive him: John 15. Cory of
Vacaville, Mrs. Elizabeth Ledyard and
Mrs. jir. EL C. Ledyard, both of this city;
Louis L. Ledyard of Fresno, and Susanna,
Hattie, Edith and Sallie.
The deceased \v;i^ a member of Howard
Royal Arch Chapter No. L4and Blue Lodge
No! 10, P. and A. M.
THE POPULISTS AT WORK.
Preparations for the Campaign in the.
Appointment of n Cmtml Committee.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. ltl.— At a meeting
of prominent Populists last evening a city
central committee was elecced. composed
of the following members: Committeeman
at large— E. I>. Mercadier; First Ward— S.
H. Mitchell, E. Marsky; Second Ward—
M. W. Wilkins, Frank Brown; Third
Ward—George Richards, ,T. ('. Harrison;
Fourth Ward — J. A. Brennan. Another
committeeman from the Fourth Ward is
yet to be selected. The committee organ
ized by electing P. B. lirown chairman and
K. i>. .Mercadier secretary.
SAX JOSi: JXIH.IX ASSOCIATION.
A Missionary Minister to lie Sent to the
Jloopa Heserration.
S\N JOSE, Gal., Jan. 16.— At a meeting
of the San Jose Indian Association, held
Thursday, it was decided to transfer the
work of the association from the Indian
school established at Greenville to lloopa
Valley, in the extreme northwestern por
tion of Humhotdt County. There areabout
500 Lndians in the valley.
It was decided to send, m conjunction
with the State Association, the Rev. Mr.
Armstrong as missionary to the Hoopa
Indians. The society will contribute $300
for its share in the work.
Encouraging reports from the Greenville
school were read at the meeting.
Attempted Jail- Ifreal: ing.
N JOSE, Cai.., Jan. 16. — Deputy
Sheriff Blact this morning swore to com
plaints before Justice <iass charging Saaeo
Espinosa, Kdward Slater and James Car
ter, prisoners serving terms in the County
Jail for misdemeanor offenses, with at
tempting to break jail.
A few days ago while at work shoveling
coal in the cellar the prisoners obtained
an ax and attempted to escape by break
ing the iron grating over h window on St.
James street.
At the expiration of their terms the
prisoners must stand trial on the charge.
A Taltlilrs* Jlu ilm -i<l .
SAN JOSE, Cai.., Jan. 16.— J. A. Byers,
an employe of the McAbee Bros.' wood
pnd coal yard, left suddenly last Monday
j evening with $10 belonging to his employ
ers. It is said that ho leaves a long string
of unpaid debts behind him. Byers re
sided with his family on Martel street and
leaves his wife and several small children
in destitute circumsta
Th* Barrun Estate.
- • V JOSE, Cal., Jan. 16. -By a stipula
tion filed to-day the trial of the suit of
j Edward Andrew Barren, the colored boy,
Ito establish heirship to Edward Barron's
$1,800,000 estate was set for March 21. It
j had been previously fixed for February 5.
?>ew Bank President.
SAN JOSE, Cal., .T.a'i. 16.— The directors
of the Security Savings Bank to-day elected
Mayor Paul P. Austin president of the in
stitution in place of Abram King.
A A I. L N CAM!' X WS.
A. Boy Killed in a Caving — Much Good
Front the. Jlaiti.
ANGELS CAMP, Cai.., Jan. 16.—Charles
Chamberlain, a young man, was killed to
day in the Jones mine, near here, by being
caved on. He had been married less than
two months. This is the first fatal acci
dent in that mine.
The heavy rain prevailing here is a valu
able one, as it enables mines closed down,
owing to scarcity of water, to resume.
Even the Uticaand Stickle mines, with the
greatest mining water system in the State.
were threatened with suspension of oper
ations. There was plenty of snow in the
mountains, buteokl dry weather prevented
melting.
JREJOICIJNG AT JIKMiIXG.
The Action of the River yavigatlon Con
vention the t mis'.
REDDING, (ai... Jan. 16.— Everybody
m Redding is happy and jubilant to-night
over the result of the river navigation con
vention in Sun Francisco yesterday. The
appointing of a delegation to Washington
to ask an appropriation for the purpose of
making the river navigable to -Redding is
considered ample cause for ciebration,
and were it not for the terrific storm now
prevailing the conventions action would
ne celebrated with much enthusiasm. The
Democrat floats a navigation rooster in an
article proclaiming the good news to-night.
E. J. GREGORY'S DEFENSE
His Accounts With the Sacra
mento River Convention
Explained.
Brother Frank Takes Up the Charges
and Makes a Showing of
Figures.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. Ki.— Frank
Gregory has taken up the charges against
his brother, P^ugene J. Gregory, to the
effect that there was a shortage in his ac
counts as trea.-.urer of the River Improve
ment Convention. He shows the accounts
kept by p^ugene with the convention and
the vouchers he holds lor moneys paid out,
all of which are indorsed by the chairman
and secretary.
They show that in 1894 he received trom
the various counties composing the River
Improvement Association the sum of
$.;i*7 7'i, and paid out. principally to tbe
members who were sent East, $Mi;>7 33,
leaving a balance of $50 40. This balance,
he says, has always bee-i held subject to
the orders of the convention, but no de
mand was ever made for it.
The vouchers and accounts show that
op to and including January 20, I*M, nearly
$£300 was paid out to Messrs. Rose, Gleaves,
Johnston and Ohleyer, who went to Wash
ington for the association. Two of the
counties did not have the necessary funds
on hand and sent checks dated a couple of
months ahead and Mr. Gregory advanced
tne money for them and held them till
they became due.
Dtornm Off Cape Flattery.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 16.—
One of the fiercest storms in years is
raging off Cape Flattery. The 48-miJe
gale is accompanied by blinding snow
which has compelled all vessels in port to
remain, while in-coming vessels have been
unable to overcome the easterly gale and
are forced out to sea again. No accidents
are thus far reported.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, JANUARY IT, 1896.
A FIGHT AMONG
STOCKHOLDERS.
Proposed Combine of the
S.F.&N.P. andN.
P. Coast Ry.
FOSTER IS MUCH OPPOSED
S. V. Smith Has Joined Forces
With the North Pacific
Coast.
URGENT MEETING SATURDAY.
Judge Angelotti's Order Restraining
Smith From Voting His
Stock.
SAN RAFAEL, Cat.., Jan. lf>.— There is
trouble brewing among the principal
stockholders of the San Francisco ami
North Pacific Railway Company, anil
from the present indication there will be a
lively time at the annual meeting, to be
held next Saturday at the company's
otfice in San Francisco.
The whole trouble arises over the pro
posed consolidation of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway Company with
the North Pacific Coast Railroad, both
running through this county.
The tirst card In the pack was played
to-day by A. \V. Foster, when he applied
for an injunction in the Superior Court
this morning, and which was granted by
Judge Angelotti, restraining S. V. Smith
from voting his 1 4, (KM shares of stock at
the annual meeting with the North Pacific
Coast Railroad people, who hold 18,000
shares of the San Francisco and North Pa
cific Railway stock, which they purchased
a few days ago.
The point raised by Mr. Foster, who is
at present the president of the road, is
that Smith has no right to vote his stock
at this time, owing to an agreement en
tered into between the stockholders of the
road at the tune the road was purchased
from tlio Donahue estate.
The tenor of the agreement, as far as
could be ascertained from reliable author
ity this morning, was in the nature of a
contract, entered into by S. V. Smith, A.
\V. Foster and 11. H. Markham, the prin
cipal stockholders of the road, whereby it
was agreed that the 42,000 shares of stock
held by them were to be voted as a whole
at every annual meeting by the concurrent
voi'-e of the three stockholders for the
term of five years.
Harmony prevailed among the stock
holder? until 1894, when Smith and Foster
had some trouble over an important office
in the gift of the company. Since that
time there has been some feeling mani
fested on both sides, which has at last
made itself manifest in the shape of an in
junction.
The Swiss banker, Boreal, who is tlie
largest stockholder of the North Pacific
Coast Railroad and who was the instigator
of the purchasing of the 18, 000 shares of
stock of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway Company, is anxious to
consolidate both roads and thereby cut
down expenses.
Mr. Smith is in favor of this movement,
and has so notified Mr. Foster, who is
opposed to such action. He seems satis
tied with the present stale of affairs, as he
is drawing a salary of $500 a month as
president of the road. Should Smith be
able to dissolve ttie injunction he with
Boreal will hold the controlling interest
in the road.
Smith states that he knows his business
ami will insist upon voting his stock as he
choose*. From what could be ascertained
It appoars that the road has not been hold
ing its own lately, and Smith, realizing
the outcome of further complications, has
deemed it more advantageous to his inter
est - and those of the road to enter into the
consolidation of both roads.
The greatest interest is manifested in Ma
rin and Sonoma counties over the outcome.
jtft.t.VS JjOXG J.ITKiATIO*.
The Complaint That Caused the Injunc
tion to issue.
PAN RAFAEL, Cat... Jan. 16.— The in
junction granted by Judge F. M, Ange
lotti to A. W. Foster, president of 8. F.
and N. P. C.°R. R. Company, against
Sidney V. Smitn, attorney for the road,
and one of its largest stockholders, has
started what will possibly result iv a siege
of litigation.
Considerable excitement has prevailed
in Marin and Sonoma counties of late
over a rumor that ihe North Pacific Coast
Kailroad and the San Francisco and North
Pacific Coast Railway companies were
about to consolidate, and these proceed
ings to-day will undoubtedly result in con
firming the reports circulated regarding
the contemplated actions of the two roads.
When Judge An<;elotti advertised for
bids for the sale of rolling stock of the
Donahue railroad in February, ISM.'}, a
syndicate vras formed by S. V. Smith, A.
W. Foster and 11. H. Markham, who came
into court and biL $847,000, which was ac
cepted anil confirmed by the court.
This was on February 24, IH'Xi. At the
time the syndicate was formed they an
ticipated tliat they could procure the road
for about $700,000, and they went into
court with this impression, but during the
great enthusiasm that prevailed at the
sale the leaders of the syndicate, at the
thought of becoming railroad magnates,
miscalculated the extent of their financial
Btanding and ran the bids up against the
Southern Pacific at from $500,000 to
$847,000.
After the stormy sale a calm prevailed
during which the railroad magnates began
to realize the extent of their investment,
which created a lively skirmish among
them in procuring the necessary money to
honor their bid.
The mortgage records of Marin and
Sonoma counties were a fair indication of
how the different gentlemen sacrificed
their property to raise the necessary
money to meet their respective shares
when the road came into their hands.
A. W. Foster was elected president at a
salary of $500 per month and S. V. Bmitn
attorney. Now Foster represents 14,000
shares, Smith 14,000 shares, and Markham,
.T. \V. McDonald, I. G. Wickershnm, .1. \V.'
McDonald, T. A. Newhall, J. F. Fugazi
14, 000 shares, while the Seligmnu of New
York hold the remaining I^,ooo shares,
which were tendered them as a commis
sion for securing Mervyn Donahue the
$500,000 loan on his road.
Things went along smoothly until one
day Smith desired to have hi? son-in-law,
Mr. l'ringle, appointed to an important
oftice in the company. Foster refused to
make the appointment, which resulted in
breaking the bonds of friendship existing
between him and Smith. Ever since it has
been alleged that Smith has been desirous
of making a change in the managership of
the road.
The complaint which was filed to-day is
a voluminous type-written statement com
piled by Attorneys James Lilienthai and
(ioodfellow. In substance it alleges as fol
lows:
"That A. W. Foster, 11. H. Markham,
A. P. Overtoil, I. G. Wiekersbam, J. M.
McDonald, T. A. Newhall and J. P.
Fuirazi, plaintiffs, vs. .Sidney V. Smith
and the San Francisco and North Pacific
Coast Railway Company, a corporation,
defendants, the plaintiffs pray that de
fendants be restrained from casting any
votes at the annual meeting on January
•21, 1896, or any adjourned meeting thereof
upon any part of the 41,000 shaies of stock
purchased from the l>onahue estate, ex
cept as determined by a certain bollot held
in favor of Foster, Markham, Xewhall and
1\ N. Lilienthai, as such directors,
and that said Smith be commanded
by mandatory injunction of this court,
to cast hia vote at said annual meeting
upon the shares registered upon the books
of said company in his name and repre
sent his interest in said 42,000 shares by
favoring said directors in accordance
with said ballot, and that said de
fendants, their attorneys, officers, direc
tors, employer?, airents and all other
persons connected therewith be restrained
by order of court from receiving the vote
of said Smith. The complaint further al
leges that the capital stock of» The road is
60,000 shares, that the North Pacific Coast
Railroad operates a line and is a com
petitor of the same passenger and freight
tratlic.
"That the San Francisco and North Pa
cific Coast Railway Company is, and for a
long time has been, earning a large sur
plus over all its operating expenses and
fixed charges relative to its sinking fund
and bonded indebtedness and is in
a good financial condition. That upon
information and belief the North Paci
fic Coast Kailroad never earned its
lixed charges. That said railroad extends
from Sausalito to Cazadero. That from
Anselmo it runs through a country whose
contribution depends chiefly upon forest
products, that the greater portion of its.
revenue is derived from stumpage and for
ost products from a tract of 51)00 acres owned
by said road and that all the lumber now
is nearly cut from said land and that such
is now not sutiicient to pay operating ex
penses north of San Anselmo, and its
principal earnings will depend upon a line
between San Francisco ana San Rafael.
"That its bridges are so old and rotten
that they must soon be renewed at a great
expense. That the estate of James M.
Donahue had 4:200 shares of stock to sell.
That on the 24th day of February, 1893,
S. V. Smith, desirous of forming a syndi
cate for tiie purchase of said stock,
solicited and requested the plaintiffs
and one Hitchcock, recently deceased, to
join with him in the purchase of said
stock. That in order to induce said
plaintiff to purchase said shares Smith
represented and promised that upon the
saiii Bbarea being acquired provision would
be made by agreement whereby said
4L',000 shares should at all times
during the five years thereafter be
voted as a unit in the elections of directors
of said railroad company, and that the
management of said corporation would for
the said term of live years be controlled
by said Smith and his associates, and the
said railroad be operated prudently ana
economically. It was upon this represen
tation that plaintiffs became shareholders,
that said Smith paid so much for said
road."
It then alleges that Smith prepared the
agreement and had them sign it. It then
sets forth the agreement, which in sub
stance states that the stock shall be kept
registered in the office of the company,
and shall prevent the stock from getting
into the hands of any other corporation,
and that said 42.000 shares shall be cast in
a whole or block.
It states that tlie North Pacific Coast
Railroad acquired ] 8. 000 shares of stock;
tiiat S. V. Smith is the attorney for the
principal stockholders of the road and
that the shares were acquired by the rail
road with full knowledge of Smith; that
Smith now denies validity of said contract
and desires to vote his shares with the
stockholders of the N. P. C. R. R. ; that is
the intention of Smith and proposed by
him to procure the election of .1.
L. Howard as president and manager
of the consolidated roads and that
Howard lias no interest in said
roads; that if Smith carries out his threat
it will change the interest in favor of the
North Pacific Coast Railroad and against
the interest of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Coast Railroad and in viola
tion of the agreement made February 14,
1893; that Smith will be unable to respond
financially to these plaintiffs for damages
by breach of agreement and plaintiffs will
be irreparably injured.
It also quotes a letter written by Smith
to plaintiffs, ignoring the agreement and
stating that he will vote his shares as he
sees fit. It further states that the North
Pacific Coast Railroad made a proposition
inviting the San Francisco and North Pa
cific Coast Railway Company to consoli
date, which was refused by said stock
holders and accepted by Smith.
Smith has transferred some of his stock
to Howard, for the purpose of qualifying
Howard to be a director of the 'proposed
combine.
S. V. Smith, when seen to-day regarding
the matter, stated that he would eive his
side of the story in court. The greatest
interest is manifested in regard to the
outcome of the case. The prelim inary
hearing is set for next Saturday.
PETAL A NEWS.
A Steamer tiold Story— Death of a Promi
nent Pioneer.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. I<J.— Petaluma
was thrown into a state of great excite
ment yesterday by the sensational rumor
that the steamer Gold, which loft here
Wednesday morning on schedule time,
had sunk in San Francisco Bay, with loss
of life to all on board.
On communicating with the San Fran
cisco agent the story was quickly contra
dicted, and the party who started "the false
report will be prosecuted, if found.
O. M. Campbell, the jeweler, whose
stoics here and in Santa Barbara were re
cently attached and his motives ques
tioned, is stiil here and lias opened a small
repairing-sliop.
Coroner Young is being censured for his
lax investigation of Miss Harris' suicide at
Fountain (irove, near Santa Rosa.
A. B. Derby, a pioneer, prominent citi
zen and capitalist, died suddenly at his
home late last evening.
— ».- .
Victoria Orangemen Active.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 16.— The district
Orange lodge of Vancouver Island has
passed a resolution indorsing the course
pursued by the Hon. N. Clark Wallace in
retiring from the Dominion Government
and again protesting against remedial
legislation to re-establish separate schools
of any kind in Manitoba; also calling on
all Orangemen within its jurisdiction to
oppose any and all candidates for the
House of Commons who will not ; bind
themselves to oppose such legislation.
RESCUE OF A
MODERN CRUSOE
Arrival of the Schooner
Wahlberg at San
Diego.
SHE HAS STRANGE NEWS
A Half-Crazed Man Found on
an Island Without Food
or Water.
HIS SUFFERING WAS INTENSE.
Thought He Is A. W. Hall of Pasa
dena, Who Left There a Short
Time Ago.
SAN DIEGO, Cat,., Jan. 16.— The
schooner Wahlberg, Captain Martin, which
arrived from the Lower California coast
to-day, brought the news of a marine dis
aster and the rescue of a half-crazed
Crusoe on a desert coast.
The Wahlberg itself has a history, hav
ing come into this port after its successful
filibustering expedition to Hawaii. Since
that time Captain Martin has devoted his
energies to the more peaceful work of
gathering guano off the Lower California
coast and islands.
It was on his last trip that he learned of
the loss of the schooner Claretta and
talked with the sole sui*vivor, a long
haired, half-starved sailor, his mind
shattered by long vigils, danger and
thirst.
The Wahlberg sailed from San Diego
about a month ago and joined the
schooner Ida, Captain Pickens, down the
coast. A heavy blow came on and the
little vessel ran into Rosalia Bay, 300
miles south of here, where they were
windbound for some days. On January
4, the lirst day of their arrival, the skipper;
of the Ida discovered a sign of life,on the
barren coast some three or lour rqjles
distant. With a glass he made out a man
waving a rag frantically to attract the at
tention of the men on the schooners.
Captain Pickens sent a boat ashore, and
two men went along the beach and over
the sand dunes till they found the stranger.
He was a fearful signt, emaciated, ragged
and with long hair and beard. He turned
bloodshot eyes on his rescuers and half
crawled toward them. There were signs of
provisions about him in the shape of cans
and boxes, but all food had been con
sumed. A ragged sail, hung over a fork
and stick on the sand, served for shelter.
There was no fresh water in sight.
The man was taken on board the Ida
and warmed up with coffee and food. He
\v;is almost unable to speak, and was silly
and rambling even after renewed strength
brought his speech back. Repeated ques
tioning brought from him the statement
that he had been on the sloop Clarettaand
been wrecked a month before in a north
easter. All attempts to learn the man's
name failed. He could not remember, and
would constantly recur to the wreck or his
sufferings. His tongue was badly swollen,
and it was apparent that he had reached
the limit of endurance.
He said he had reached shore from the
wreck with a few days' provisions, but
they had all gone and he had lived for two or
three weeks on gulls eggs. He found water
in a little gulch back from the beach, but
he saw to his horror that it was running
dry, and for many hours before being res
cued he had been suffering from thirst.
He dare not leave the beach as the country
is a desert and he might have lost a chance
to hail a vessel.
In the terrible ordeal his mind began to
give way and by the time the schooners
appeared he was crazy. It was probable
that with a strong exercise of his will he
retained sense enough to signal the ves
sels, as he lapsed into complete imbecility
for a time after his rescue. The man had
not recovered his senses completely when
the schooners separated, and Skipper Mar
tin of the Wahlberg did not learn his
name.
The Ma sailed before the Wahlberg and
is due to arrive here with her rescued paa-
senger.
It is believed here possible' that the
rescued man is A. W. Hall of Pabadena,
whose escapade is connection with the
sloop Clarette is already known. Hall left
here some months ago In the sloop, but
wno went with him is not known. Six
weeks afco Captain Porter of the schooner
Ellen saw the Claretta at Playa Maria,
Lower California, and the sole occupant of
the vessel told him that Captain Hall had
been drowned on the way down by being
knocked into the sea by the boom.
Captain Porter brought a letter from a
man addressed to Mrsi Hall at Pasadena.
It was hinted at the time that Hall
might have sent up the news of his drown
ing in order to swindle the life insurance
companies. Now, however, it may trans
pire that the story was true and the sur
viving sailor was the man rescued at Rosa
lia. The sloop was small and worth about
$:m
TWO LOS ANGELES CROOKS
They Have Been Committing
Burglaries at Whole
sale.
Sometimes They Operated Alone and
Again Were in Close Com
pany.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 16.— An in
teresting brace of criminals were informed
against by the District Attorney thiß morn
ing. They were Fred Forrest and John
Conoly, better known as Graham.
These men have been committing numer
ous burglaries all over town and they have
been causing the police more trouble than
any two men in the city.
Forrest is charged with committing
three burglaries. In two of these he is
jointly associated with Conoly. Forrest is
credited with ha vine robbed the residence
of Mrs. C. S. Gardnier alone. He went
there at night, entered and stole a cameo
set of jewelry, a watch chain, some finger
rings and a pair of opera-glasses. When the
residence of Isaac Gibbs was burglarized
the two men operated together. They got
away with the same kind of jewelry that
was taken at Ue other place. At the house
of Antonio Lopizich the men secured a
quantity of rare old coins, silver and cold,
aiso a gold badge, a pair of opera-glasses
and 3 quantity of jewelry.
The police knew (Jonoly. He is an ex
criminal, and they were sure he was steal
ing somewhere. They arrested him on a
charge of vagrancy and the justice gave
him 150 days in jail, allowing him a floater,
however, giving him so many hours to
get out of town. As soon as he got loose
In 1 wont after his pal, Forrest, and the two
were then shadowed.
A large quantity of jewelry was dug up
from various places where it had been
sold, and the owners have recovered all
their belongings.
SAM A CRUX URAXI> JURY.
Important Case Against County Officials
Jteing Considered.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 16.— Twenty
witnesses are here from Pajaro Valley and
Watsonville with business before the
Grand Jury. They will not talk of the
reported improper conduct of the Pajaro
road district and appear to have no parti
cular interest in that scandal which is
said to involve a prominent member of the
Board of Supervisors.
The story as told here by others than
these witnesses is that in the conduct of
the roadwork of that district the Super
visor sold his teams to one of his men for
$1 each "and other consideration," and
when the work was finished repurchased
them.
The charge, if one shall be brought by
the Grand Jury, it is said, would be diffi
cult to sustain against the legal and tech
nical defense that could be presented, and
it is for that reason somewhat doubtful if
this and other reported crookedness that
finds so many expressions out of court will
be brought under the action of the law
governing the conduct of ttie officials.
The Sanford case is quite sure to receive
some attention by the jury, but as Sanford
and iiis wife have left town, they may
never be prosecuted, even if an indictment
is brought.
The retaliation threatened by Mrs. Fan
ford against the people who she claims
ordered her and her husband to leave town
has caused some of the witnesses to be a
little wary of going before the Grand Jury
voluntarily. But the officers desire that
'this matter be investigated, so that Santa
Cruz may not have to bear the reputation
of allowing a man charged with ill-treating
a child to tro clear merely upon ridding the
Community of his presence. The jury
will sit all'this week.
SAMTA CRUZ HUTCHKIi'S DEATH.
He Was Dragged Under Wagon Wheels
for Three Hundred I'ards.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. 16.— Juan
Flores, employed by Walti & Bouscq,
butchers in Arana Gulch, was dragged to
death by a runaway team this afternoon.
He was helping the other employes to feed
some sheep, but being too drunk to be
otherwise useful, was left on the hay
wagon to hold the team. The horses be
came restless under his control and started
to run. He was unable to subdue them,
and C. C. Curtis ran to his assistance, but
was too late to secure the frightened team,
■which ran over an embankment, throwing
the wagon into the bed of a creek and
dragging Flores 300 yards under the wheels
of the wagon. Curtis had tried to save
Flores when he found he could not stop
the team, but failed in that and saved
himself by jumping out of the wagon.
The team ran wildly over all obstructions,
finally striking a pile of pickets. Flores'
head was torn and mangled beyond recog
nition. He leaves a widow and one child.
-
LOS ANGELES OFFICIALS
They Have Formed a Combina
tion to Fight for Four-
Year Terms.
A Pool of Eighty Thousand Dollars Has
Been Raised for the Purpose in
Hand.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 16.— Since
the ushering in of 1895, the officials who
then came into office throughout the seven
BOfttLexn counties of California have de
cided that they will make every endeavor
to hold their offices for four years under
the act of March 24, 1893, notwithstanding
the fact that it has been practically de
clared unconstitutional.
The officials have been quietly forming
themselves into what might be called a
huge society, whose network spreads every
where, with the object of fighting for the
four-year term. The fact that this com
bination was formed has been kept a
state secret, but a leakage from an official
of Riverside County the other day dis
closed its existence, and at the same time
laid bare the general plan of action that is
to be followed.
When the officials elected next Novem
ber attempt to take their places in January,
the present occupants will refuse to resign
them, and will take the matter into the
courts and right it out.
Such a course will require a large
amount of money, and it was to obtain this
that the combination was formed. Every
official, great or small, whose place will be
affected, has been made to pony up, and at
present the round sum of $80,000 has been
contributed with which to fight the law.
The linal decision of the courts will be
prolonged by technical delays and as the
incumbents of office will be occu
pying them and drawing the salary they
will be so much additional in pocket even
if the courts decide against them.
The prime object of the scheme is to
continue the figut long enough to enable
them to retain their offices four years any
way.
Mn»ifin./fijn at San Luis Obiipo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Jan. I«.—ln
terest in railroad construction on the
coast line was enlivened to-day by the ar
rival of Vice-President H. E. Huntington
and a party of railroad officials. A rumor
comes from a reliable source that con
tracts will be let at once on all work from
Santa Ynez River south to Ellwood. Mr.
Huntington would not deny it. The peo
ple feel assured of the early completion of
the line, possibly by January 1.
Washington Outlaw Dead.
SPOKANE.Wash., Jan. Iti.— John Lewis,
the leader of a gang of rustlers and noto
rious outlaws, who was confined in the
County Jail awaiting to be taken to Penn
sylvania to serve a term of ten years for
cattle-stealing, was found dead i"n his cell
to-day.
Whether he committed suicide or not
has not been determined. Lewis was a
cousin of the McCoys and for many years
has been a terror in this section, wheie he
has operated at the head ot a gang of cat
tle-rustlers.
Bealdsburg'H Shooting Case.
HEALDSBURG, Cal.. Jan. 16. — The
preliminary examination of R. K. Truitt,
who shot Attorney Rose recently, was held
before Judge Bledsoe to-day. Over fifty
witnesses had been summoned by the
prosecution and defense. But after the
evidence for the prosecution was in the
case was dismissed, as Deputy District At
torney Butts did not bel'eve a conviction
could not be had in the Superior Court.
This ends the case.
A Spokane Maji Gone.
6POKANE, Wash., Jan. lfi.-L. G. Dill
man, a prominent real estate and mining
broker, has left the city, leaving behind
numerous creditors. Three years ago he
made a fortune in real estate here, but
dropped it again. All that he left was his
office furniture and that was attached to
day.
GAY NEWS FROM
SANTA BARBARA
Admiral Harmony Enter
tains the Philadel
phia's Officers.
ALL THE ELITE PRESENT
Description of the Brilliant Gowns
Worn by the First
Ladies.
THE DEBUT OF MISS DELANEY.
She Made a Striking Histrionic Suc
cess and Will Go
East.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat.., Jan. lfi.—
The heavy downfall of rain had no effect
whatever upon the gay spirits of the little
assemblage of cultivated people who gath
ered at the pleasant re3idence of Admiral
Harmony on Islay street this afternoon to
welcome the officers and cadets of the
Philadelphia, who were the honored guesta
of the day. Mrs. Harmony, a stately,
white-haired lady, who was attired in a
gown of pale gray cashmere trimmed
with white guipure lace, was assisted in
receiving by Mrs. Eugene Hale, wife of
Senator Hale of Maine, who wore a rich
black velvet gown, lace trimmed; Mr<.
Feltonof Montecito, who wore black <-atiii
■with Marie Louise blue satin sleeves; Mrs.
Clinton B. Haie, whose toilet was plain
black satin, and Miss McGowan, Mrs,
Harmony's sister, who wore a lavender
and pink silk with chiffon to correspond.
Mrs. Edwards Roberts, wife of the dis
tinguished writer, wearing a girlish gown
of pure white silk mull; Mrs. S. Howard
Martin in black siik, the low corsage
tilled with black lace, the full sleeves of
figured silk and pink rose ornaments; and
Mrs. Percy Lawton, in white silk, with
green sleeves, received in the dining
room. The table was decorateti with lav
ender and white stock, while the entire
house was fragrant with violets ami pink
roses. Owing to the rain aud the havoc
that rain unhappily works with fancy
uniforms, the Philadelphia's naval band,
one of the best in the service, was forced
to do penance aboard ship. The otticers,
of course, honored the occasion by appear
ing in full-dress uniform. The admiral's
dienified figure was prominent among the
rest, Mrs. Beardslee, who was in deep
mourning, being a quiet looker-on.
All the prettiest girls of Santa Barbara
were present, and among the officers con
spicuous for their gallantry were: Flag
Lieutenant Stoney, Captain Cotton and
Dr. Hesael, the ship surgeon, with a host
of stalwart youn^ officers and midship
men. The host, Kear-Admirai Harmony,
is a retired officer of the navy, and, with
his charming wife, understands well the
art of entertaining his former shipmates
when they come ashore.
A SASTA ItARIIAHA I>EMT.
Miss Delaney's First Appearance on
the Stage.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan 16.—Con
stance Delaney, the 10-year-old daughter
of Mrs. Charlotte Delaney, made her debut
at the Opera-house to-night in a taking
little play, "A Maid of Honor." Bhe was
supported by Miss Florence Fernald,
daughter of the late Judge Fernald. C. A.
Taggart, the well-known attorney, and
Gerard Barton, a musician of note and mu
sical graduate of Oxfoid, all amateurs,
possessing a high degree of talent.
Miss Delaney displayed marked ability,
showing ihat she had been well trained,
and that she will make a success in the
profession of the statre. It may be said for
the fair debutante that her acting was far
superior to that of Mary Anderson when
she made her debut.
NEW TO-DAT.
pants'
II
TO
II
PLEASE
the fastidious in dress,
the man of plain attire
and the seeker after
wearing qualities and
low prices. A most ex-
tensive and complete
line; somewhere in the
stock is the garment you
want, at the price you
want to pay.
ii
Men's Cottonade Pants 75c to $1
Men's Cotton Worsted Pants. ...fl to $1 . r >o
Men's Cassimere Pants $1 50 to $_' 50
Men's Corduroy Pants %2 SO to |3 ■>>>
Men's Celebrated McMillan Pants,
honest goods, 3 shades •? ■'■> 00
Men's Worsted Pants, for dress. . . $4 to $6
Youths' Union Cassimere, fine stripe $1
Youths All-wool, hair line $2
Youths' Worsted, dressy $■'•! to $3 50
rr
J^ 3 Look at our window. See
the New Goods in the
New Store. •
II
CARROLL & TILTON
811 Market Street,
FLOOD BUILDING.
34
PLUVIUS STILL
IN GOOD HUMOR.
His Blessings Showered
With Plentiful
Hand.
EARLY CROPS BENEFITED
Rivers Are Rising, and Staging
Is Fraught With Much
Danger.
HIGH WINDS ARE PREVAILING,
But the General Rejoicing Is Heard
Above All of the Com
plaints.
REDDING, Cai.., Jan. 10.— most
terrific rain and wind storm witnessed in
Redding for years is raging to-night. The
wind is blowing a gale from the south
and rain falls in sheets ut intervals.
The city is almost in total darkness. Ail
the arc lights are out and mnch trouble is
being had at the power-house on account
of the rapid ri?e of the river. The streets
are deserted and business houses closed
early.
The river and all tributary streams are
rising rapidly. As yet no damage has
been reported. The new Iron Mountain
Railruad is impassable on account of
numerous slides on the newly built grade.
Yesterday afternoon one of the stages
between Keswick and Iron Mountain upset
in Boulder Creek, which had been con
verted into a raging torrent on account of
the heavy rains of yesterday, and the
occupants, six in number, narrowly
escaped with their lives.
One of the passengers, James Harris of
Sacramento, had quite a thrilling experi
ence and is laid up in his room in a hotel
here. A Call reporter saw him this even
ing and obtained the following account of
the accident:
"We were returning from Keswick yes
terday afternoon. The team which was
drawing the wagon were young animals
and as we reached the creek I told the
driver that it wa? dangerous to drive in
with such a team. He said it was all
right. When we reached the center of the
stream, as I expected, the horses refused
to go and began rearing, one of them fall
ing down.
"There were six in the carriage, includ
ing the driver. I was in the center of the
back seat. I told Mr. Simon, who was
sitting next to me, to open the curtain,
but he said he could not. I then put my
foot through. The driver and the rest of
the men jumped out, I being the last one
to leave the carriage.
"As 1 jumped out I lost my footing and
was carried down the stream, feet first,
about riity yards.
"I was bumped against a rock aud rhy
hip was badly bruised. I finally succeeded
in catching a rock and kern myself from
being washed on to the bowlders b>-low rue.
We then crossed the creek on a foot
bridge, the driver taking the wagon across
alone, ana got in tbe wagon again and
came safely to Redding.
"It was a thrilling experience and every
moment all of us expected to be dashed to
pieces on the bowlders or carried to a
watery grave by the angry element. The
rain, however, is welcomed by the miners,
who have been praying for water for
weeks. It will be a great benefit also to
crops, unless it should continue to pour
as it has to-day."
♦ ■
tianta Cms ffittd and Rain.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. IC— The
weather continues bad for pedestrians and
outdoor business, but excellent for the
farmer and the orchardi?t, save for a rather
stronger wind than is desired for young
trees and grain.
The sun has not shone in Santa Cruz
since last Sunday, and then it did not ven
ture out very far. Last night a heavy
wind set in which continued till nearly
morning and was resumed again to-night,
accompanied by a heavy, steady down
pour of rain. The effect upon thesalmon
risbing is discouraging. Several of the
fishing fleet's boats were blown in on the
beach and no one has ventured on the bay
or sea to-day.
The beach has been visited to-day by
hundreds of persons, mostly ladies, who
enjoyed the spectacle of the huge breakers
and the rolling surf. The rain is accepted
as a generous act of providence, bet the
wind it is feared will prove disastrous.
Jtain Continues at Chiro.
CHICO, Cat.., Jan. 16.— storm con
tinues unabated. The streams on the
north side and south side of the city are
booming. If the storm continues twenty
four hours longer it is liable to overflow
the bank?, as the storm in the mountains
is melting the snow fast and is rushing
the water down the valley streams.
The Sacramento River is rising very fast
and during the last twenty-four hours it
has raised eight feet and is liable to over
flow, which would do a great deal of dam
age on the river bottom and a great loss of
livestock may occur. The farmers will
commence complaining there is too much
tain.
The electric lights failed to burn last
night owing to the severity of the storm
and breaking of the wires.
Worth Thuutands to Hi crrsiilr.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Jan. 16.— The first
heavy rain of the season began falling this
evening, and the prospects are favorable
for a continuation of the storm. The rain
comes at a very opportune time, as the
grain crop in this county was in need of
moißture.
Early-sown grain has not made any
growth of late, while the late town ha"s
made little if any prowth, owing to theab
eence of rain and the continued cold
weather. The present storm will be worth
thousands of dollars to the farmers of the
county.
y'upa Streams Rising.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 16.— Napa County has
experienced a heavy rainstorm during the
past twenty-fo:ir hours. Over two inches
of rain ha-s lallen and there is a percept
ible rise in the streams throughout the
county.
Smut a Ilarba v Joyful.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. IG.— The
storm continues with excellent prospects
for to-morrow. The rainfall here for the
storm to G o'clock this afternoon was 1.65
inches. It is coming down softly anJ
steadily, and every drop is going straight
into the ground.
6AXTA MONICA, Cal,, Jan, 16,-It
commenced raining here last night and
has kept up ever since, with no appear
ance of cessation. As all the acreace de
voted to grain in this section has been
plowed ana planted, the farmers are happy
and expect to harvest a good crop not
withstanding the tardiness of its coming.
OF IXTJJRKST TO THE COAST.
Representative Uttrliain Expresses His
Vietcu on Mining.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.—
Superintendent of the Lighthouse Board
has made a favorable recommendation of
Congressman Barham's bill establishing a
lighthouse at Point Bonita, Cal. This will
probably insure a favorable report from
the House Committee on Commerce.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — James Pepper Jr.,
Roaeville; James McNamara, Martinez;
Charles T. Coyle, San Jose. Original wid
ows, etc., Mary M. Chipman, Stockton.
Oregon: Original— John Medley, Oak
land. Original widow— Ellen Koberson,
Independence.
Washington: Original — Franklin A.
Clewell, Spokane.
A postoflice ■was established to-day at
Hardwiek, Fresno County, and Edgar V.
Kunyon appointed Postmaster.
Petitions from boards of trade and cham
bers of commerce are being received daily
by members of the California delegation
for and against the passage of bills drafted
by the California Miners' Association.
Four were received to-uay by Representa
tive Barham, viz.: From Sacramento,
Placer. Alameda and San iJiego counties.
In reply to that received from Placer he
to-day addressed the following letter:
lion. William I. May, Clerk of the Board of S*.
tra of Placer County— Dear sik:— The res
olutions of the Board oi Supervisors of Placer
County relating to mining legislation has just
been received. 1 have the honor and distinc
tion of having lived In California since Sep
tember, 1849, and am fully in accord with
the great mining Interests of your State. 1
>h»ll support measures which "tend toward
permitting the miner to work his mine, at the
same time guarding the rights of the farmer
and preserving navigable streams. I think it
is the duty oi the Government to construct
dams, impound debris, and do all things neces
sary to allow mines to be fully operated. This
work should be dune by the Government so as
to protect the farmer in carrying on his farm
and so as to preserve navigable waters of Cali
fornia.
There is not the slightest reason for a con
flict between the farmer and miner on this
subject. It is of the utmost importance to the
farmer that the mining interest of our State
should be fully developed. It produces a home
market lor much oi the products of his farm
and puts in circulation millions of dollars of
gold. As to the special bills now pending in
I'ongrpss, I am not prepared to say that 1 shall
vote lor tneiu, for I have not fully considered
them, but I shall support measures on that
line. lam not wedded to any particular bills.
After full discussion and consideration, I have
no doubt objectionable matter, ii there be auy,
will be eliminated.
INTERESTS OF DAIRYMEN.
Close of the Convention of the
National Union at
Chicago.
Butter-Dealers Advised to Make a
Vigorous Warfare Upon Oleo
margarine.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 10.— The National
Dairy I'nion concluded its convention this
afternoon. The time and place for meet
ing next year will be decided by the ex
ecutive officers. Ex-Congressman W. 11.
Hatch of Missouri was elected president;
D. W. Wilson of El^in, 111., secretary, and
George W. Lynn of Chicago, treasurer.
Most of the former vice-presidents were
re-electp<l.
Resolutions were adopted instructing
the secretary to advise the butter-dealers
in cities of over 50,000 inhabitants located
in States having laws regulating or pro
hibiting the sale of oleomargarine that the
best way to reduce its sale is to form or
ganizations, employ detectives and a law
yer and make cases with the assistance of
the State Department, whose duty it is to
regulate the sale or manufacture of the
article; also instructing the officers of the
union to petition the Secretary of Agri
culture regarding the necessity for purity
in agricultural products, and to use his
influence to have the recent ruling of the
Treasury Department as to trademarks
and labels on oleomargarine reissued, sus
tained and enforced.
The union also expressed its sense of
loss at the defeat of President Hatch for
re-election to Congres3, and appealed to
the voters of his district to return him at
the next election in the interests of agri
culture. President Hatch announced that
he, Dairy Commissioner Adams of Wis
consin and Congressman Hewes of Balti
more were a sub-committee on legislation,
and tli at he would proceed at once to
Washington to get beiore Congress bills to
carry out the objects of the union.
The next convention will probably be
held in Washington, D. C.
Secretary Morton Honored.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 10.— Secretary of
Agriculture J. Sterling Morton was re
elected president ol the State Historical
Society, which held its closing session this
afternoon. Mr. Morton was unable to be
present, and his paper, "The Cost of Local
Government Then and Now,' treating of
pioneer Nebraska nistoxv, was read by
another meniber. The two days' sessions
were full of interest.
Can Bunt the Otter*.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. IG.-Socre
tary Carlisle has modified hia instructions
of April, 1893, wherein white men married
to natives and residing within the Terri
tory of Alaska are denied the privilege of
killing fur-bearing animals. He now di
rects that white men who married natives
and were engaged in otter-hunting in the
Territory prior to March 2, 1893, shall con
tinue to have that privilege.
OUJtcted to li'etctn.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 16.-The
joint committee to arbitrate upon the
grievances of the Union Traction Company
met this afternoon. The representatives
of the employes objected to the presence
of General Manager Beetem, not a member
of the committee, who linally withdrew.
The grievances of the committee were pre
sented, and the committee adjourned until
to-worrow.
The Wreck of a Schooner.
CHATHAM. Mass., Jan. 16.— A mast of
a three-masted schooner was discovered
protruding from the water to the westward
of Shovelful Lightship this morning. It
is thought that the vessel was sunk by col
lision. The life-saving crew bas gone to
the scene of the disaster. The identity of
the craft and the fate of the crew are not
known.
mil Meet in This City.
CHICAGO, lv., Jan. 16. — Announce
ment was made this morning that the
committee of officers of the National
woman's Christian Temperance Union
appointed to select a location for the next
convention bas decided to accept the invi
tation from Saa Francisco.
An Examiner in Charge.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minx., Jan. 16.-Tbe
doors of the Irish-American Bant were
closed to-day. Bank Examiner Kenyon
is now in charge. The bank was indirectly
connected with the American Savings and
Loan Association which went into ''he
nauds of a receiver a few days ago.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
MODE GUARD CONFUSION.
How an Order by Adjutant-
General Barrett Tangles
Things.
SECOND BRIGADE ELECTION.
Doubt Cast Upon Previous Selections.
Peculiar Reorganization
Blunders.
The aphorism, "Shoemaker, stick to your
last," has been exemplified by the order
just issued by direction of the Governor to
the several brigade commanders, directing
them to order immediate elections to be
held for field officers, and is but a repeti
tion of the series of blunders perpetrated
in efforts to effect tlie reorganization of the
National Guard of California. This order
in the;shape of a letter addressed to the
brigade commanders is as follows:
Sir: By the formation of battalions into regi
ments, in e&ch of whieii a colonel has been
duly elected, the purpose of the board of loca
tion ami organization, as set forth in general
orders 17 and 18, C. 8., of this office has been
put into effective operation. It is the desire
of the oonimander-in-chief that there .should
be no further delay in completing the regi
mental organization. To this end he directs
that brigade commaixlers will immediately
order elections for lieutenant-colonels and
majors in each regiment of their respective
brigades. Attention is invited to sections
10S-4 and 1955 of the Political Code.
Bakeett, Adjutant-General.
Section 1983 of the Political Code pre
scribes:
* * * Upon application of the officers en
titled to elect the general of brigade to which
such regiment or battalion is attached, or to
be attached, must appoint a suitable person to
preside at the election. • • • The brigade
commander may order an election lor field or
line officers if application is> not made for an
order for an election within two months alter
the vacancy occurs, or after the expiration of
the term for which the oflicer was last elected.
While it is true that the letter "directs"
the brigade commander, still it is a well
settled rule, and so understood among
officer!?, that it means "order" and is man
datory.
The question now occurs in the Second
Brigade: What will General Warfield do
in the premises? If he issues an order di
recting an election to be held lie assumes
an authority which the law does not give
him at this time, as General Barrett's let
ter states that the formation of the regi
ment, "as set forth in general orders 17
and 18, C. 8.. has been put into effective
operation," then the brigade commander
can only call an election when the officers
of the regiment make application for the
same, and cannot of his own motion call
it until the expiration of two months after
the vacancy occurs, when he ruay do so as
set forth in section 1985. If he fails to call'
the election immediately then he disobeys
the order sent to him. However, tne "offi
cers entitled to elect" may come to his
rescue by immediately holding a meeting
and asking that an ele'etion be held.
It was well understood at the time gen
eral order 18 was issued that the Gov
ernor intended to appoint the field officers,
and this was followed out in special order
20 from brigade headquarters, wherein
the officers were directed to express their
choice for lieutenant-colonel and majors
who would be recommended to the com
mander-in-chief for appointment. It is
probable that by this time it has been as
certained that by the issuance of para
gra] h II of general orders 18 and
some additional verbal instructions some
persons were attempting to usurp powers
not granted by the statutes ( as heretofore
mentioned in these columns) and are now
endeavoring to get in out of the storm.
But it is now said that the admission of
errors made in the above letter does not
clear up the military skies; either the six
field officers who voted at the election for
colonel bad no legal right to do so (al
though the right was recognized by ig
noring the protest filed and by the "issu
ance of his commission to . the colonel
elected), or that the ofiices held by these
six officers have since become vacant, al
though there is nothing to show this fact.
The question also comes up: Was
Colonel Macdonald legally elected colonel
by the commissioned officers of the regi
ment "to be known as the First Infantry'?
■\Vere there at that election any commis
sioned officer 3of the First liegiment other
than Lieutenant-Colonel Crocker, Major
Jansen and the line officers of Companies
B, G, FandG?
Paragraph 331 of the regulations, which
must be read in connection with section
1913 of the Political Code, prescribes:
* * • Such transfers or consolidations
will carry with them all commissioned oilicers.
* * • New commissions in the regiment
to which the transfer is made will be issued to
all commissioned officers. * * •
The issuance of the commission or its
receipt by the officer does not place him
on duty. He does not and cannot assume
the duties of the office until he has quali
lied.
On December 7, under general orders
17, the battalions were formed, the officers
serving under the commissions then held
by them. On December 9, under general
orders 18, the First Regiment was or
ganized, and then the officers should have
been commissioned therein, and under
such commission and qualification they
would have become commissioned officers
of the First Regiment of Infantry. That
this is necessary has been repeatedly
recognized heretofore by the adjutant
general's office, the State Controller and
the State Treasurer-
It is difficult to understand how c©
many blunders have been made in the
attempt to reorganize the National Guard
of California. Governor Budd ia a lawyer
and a retired brigadier-general, so it" is
presumed that he has personal knowledge
of military procedure and the customs of
the service, conceded to be the unwritten
law. Therefore, the inference is irresisti
ble that the commander-in-chief has rele
gated this part of his work to careless or
inefficient subalterns. At any rate, it is
true that the service appears to be plung
ing deeper aud deeper into the slough of
uncertainty, if not of despair. Thus far
the combined knowledge of the higher of
ficers has not enabled them to evolve &
rational course for the benefit and perma
nency of the National Guard.
PACIFIC COAST
MIKES AND MINERS
There are prospects on foot for establish
ing two or three new mining papers in San
Francisco.
Several schemes for dredging in the Cal
ifornia rivers for gold will be carried out in
the spring.
Most of the field assistants of Btate Min
eralogist Crawford are baclc from the min
ing districts and are writing up their notes
for the next report.
The war talk in London has had the
effect of putting in abeyance several min
ing deals in this State involving English
capital.
It looks as if we would have both a gold
and a petroleum boom in California this
summer.
The anti-debris men, through two sets
of county Supervisors, rise to protest
against the Government, which sold the
ground to the miners, helping said miners
out in working said ground.
'Xhe rains are good for the miners as well
as the farmers, and the water will help
out many mills which have long needed it.
Some dry-washing machines, called the
Pitkin, manufactured in Arizona, have
been shipped to New Zealand.
Mining companies to the number of 1175
were incorporated in Colorado last year,
of which 367 were organized in December.
Although the Colorado smelters have
within the past year nearly ail increased
their plants they are now hardly able to
handle the ore ottered them, which shows
how the mining industry is progressing.
All the Silver Queens and Silver Kings
and Silver Princes, etc., throughout the
mining regions are being changed into
mines called Gold Queen, Gold King, Gold
Prince, etc., which shows which metal is
the most profitable to mine in the?e days.
Los Angeles now maintains five v/ell
equipped assay offices, which shows that
men are going into mining down in that
direction.
AH the Cripple Creek mining stocks
listed at the Colorado Mining Exchange
on January 1, 1894, had an average value
of 7.53 cents per share. On January 1,
1895, their average value was 32 cents, au
advance of over 315 per cent.
The Nevada papers are putting some
pretty steep estimates on the probable
yield of placers now being worked in that
State. Ibe value of the Buckeye placers,
recently purchased by Jlayward & Lane,
is estimated at nearly one" hundred mil
lions. The Pine Nut ledgesand placers, in
the vicinity of the Zirn find, is estimated
at B«venty-nve million ; and the Le Grande
Oro placers, between Silver City and Day
ton, is fixed or estimated as able to yield
two hundred millions. It is to be hoped
that these expectations will be realized,
but a quarter of tuese amounts would be
very profitable.
It is Btated that there are parties willing
to bring water into Pine Nut district,
Nevada, for $100,000 or for a stipulated
sum per year paid by the mine-owners.
The Last Chance mine in the Cceur
d'Alenes, Idaho, nas been turning out
about 400 tons a month of crude ore and
concentrates, but this is now to be in
creased to 1000 tons a month.
A number of the Coeur d'Alene mines
are now working full handed again, and
it is expected that the product this year
will exceed that of all previous years.
The Santa Rosa mine, Perria district,
Riverside County, is making a good record
for itself with its 20-stamp mill.
The Gold Cross mine at Hedges, San
Diego County, is now milling 300 tons of
ore per day.
The Good Hope mine, Perris district,
Riverside County, is working good ore in
its 20-stamp mill.
The bills to be sent to Washington by
the State Miners' Association have beeh
heartily indorsed by the Siskiyou County
Miners' Association. The latter associa
tion is to be strengthened by new mem
bers, and a very large committee to aid in
this has been appointed, covering ail the
important points in the county.
The Harqua Hala (Ariz.) mines treated
by cyanide process in one month recently
3809 tons of ore of an assay value of only
$4 27 per ton. They extracted 84 per cent
of the gold at a total expense of $fc>2oo and
a profit of $7350.
The Apache group of mines, Arizona,
twelve miles up the river from Gila Bend,
and owned by W. H. Thomas, A. Buck
and Mrs. Carroll, was sold recently to San
Francisco men for $25,000.
The famous old Silver King mine, Ari
zona, which has been idle some years, is
now being worked again with forty men
employed, who each get out 1000 ounces
of siiver per month, or an aggregate of
$10,000.
The United Globe copper mines of Ari
zona Territory have on hand at Fort
Thomas 2,000,000 pounds of coke for their
Bmelting furnaces.
In the famous Homestako mine in the
Black Hills. S. D., at a depth of 800 feet
crosscuts and drifts show the vein to be 451
feet wide, with a solid mass of pay ore
blocked out for 800 feet. Very little ore
has been removed below the 600 level, and
the ore on the lower levels is of higher
grade than that found above.
Cripple Creek. Colo., is now in its most
rapid stage of development, and is, while
the latest, the greatest goid field of the
historic Pikes Peak region.
Gilpin County, the old and reliable gold
pruducing recrion of Colorado, with re
duced railroad and smelting rates, is tak
irg on new vigor and mine-owners are
increasing their working force and opening
abandoned diggings.
The coming spring is likely to witness
more active and systematic prospecting
than has ever before been done in Colo
rado. Of course the wor"k is mainly to be
directed to gold claims, as is the case iv
other States.
The Director of the Mint estimates that
$10,000,000 In gold and $6,000,000 in silver
were used in the industrial arts last year
Quite a number of Comstock (Not.)
mines have been listed on the Chicaeo
Mining Board.
The tramway from the Hall mine to the
Bmelter at Kelson, B. C, has been com
pleted. The smelter will have a capacity
of 100 tons a day. and the line of the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad runs directly to the
works.
People up in the Coenr d'Alene region,
Idaho, expect their mines to produce 772,
--000 tons of ore this year, worth near'v
$8,000,000. y
A new mill is going in on the Standard
mine in the CoBOl d'Alene.
There is quite a gold excitement at
Moore Lake, fifteen miles from Phillips
burg, Mont. The mines ara in quartz.
A man owning a flourmill in Boise City,
Idaho, intends to put up alongside of it a
custom quart/mill. He has plenty of
water-power, and can serve both farmers
and miners.
A\ ashington people are much dissatisfied
retarding the delay in opening the Col
ville Indian reservation, which was ex
pected as soon as practicable after the
Government ordered the survey in 1892.
The mining boom in Utah is causing
great activity in the Surveyor-General's
office by demands for mineral surveys for
patent.
A vein of anthracite coal about four feet
thick has been discovered in Rock Creek
Canyon, Utah County, Utah.
Mercur district, if tali, now has a Utica
mine, but shares of stock are for sale,
which is different from the original Utica
in this State.
Utah papers now devote considerable
space daily to the transactions in the Min
ing Stock Exchange.
An addition of forty new stamps will
soon be made to the Eureka Hill mill,
Utah, thus making it a 100-stamp plant.
Ihe mining town cf Sunshine. Camp
Floyd district, Utah, is building up very
rapidly.
Insurance Men Will Sue.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, Jan. 16.-On
December 13 the wholesale implement
establishment of Deere, "Wells & Co., ana
of the Weir Plow Company were destroyed
by tire, entailing a loss of nearly $400,000.
Representatives of the insurance com
panies claim that the fire caught from
rubbish burned by employes of the com
pany and the St. Paul Railroad Company.
The insurance companies will institute
suit against the road to recover the amount
of insurance, which aggregates $100,000.
A. Portland Heridltary Thief.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. IG.— The notori
ous Con Kelliher, who is said to belong to
a family of hereditary criminals, was sent
to the penitentiary to-day for ten years.
Kelliher'a father, mother and sister arc
in the toils of the law for various charges
of stealing. Kelliner was convicted of
stealing about $100 worth of goods from
the Rod Front Trading-house at Oregon
City.
Tulare U iturr.st.i Wanted.
TULARE, Cal., Jan. 16.— W. J. Oaks, a
Deputy United States Marshal from Los
Angeles, was here to-day looking for wit
nesses in the case of W. B. Fritch, accused
of using the mail for fraudulent purposes.
Fritch lived here three years, and during
the time he was a gardener and vegetable
peddler. Clint Stone, A. G. Wishon, P. F.
Wood and J. 0. Lovejoy will also be used
as witnesses from here.
Earl de la Warre Dead.
LONDON, Eng., Jan.l6.— Reginald Wind
sor SacJcville, seventh Earl de la Warre,
died tUis morning, aged 79 years.
LAWS FOR POSTAL MEN
The Men Who Handle the
Mails Want Their Pay
Adjusted.
CARRIERS DOING QUIET WORK.
Grievance of Uncle Sam's Postoffice
Employes Lies in Present
Classification.
The three main branches of postal em
ployes are anxious to secure favorable
legislation from this session of Congress.
These are the railway mail clerks, the
postoffice clerks and the letter-carriers.
Each has a strong National organization,
and each could bring a powerful political
pressure to bear upon the Senators and
Representatives now in the National
capital.
The ch|ef grievance of the postal em
ployes is the system of classification now
in vogue. It is claimed that as at present
classified the men who handle Uncle
Sam's mails are not compensated accord
ing to their just deserts, considering the
time, labor, ability and responsibility re
quired of them.
Of the three branches that of the mail
carriers is the only one which feels that it
must not press its demands. Some time
ago it was learned that Postmaster-General
William Wilson was not kindly disposed
toward any concerted movement in an
active sense by the carriers in the direc
tion of legislative relief, and the carriers
have governed themselves accordingly and
deferred to Mr. Wilson's wishes in this
matter.
The explanation of Mr. Wilson's posi
tion which has since been given is that
the postoffice clerks must first be attended
to, seeing that in the past the carriers had
been fairly well taken care of by the Na
tion's lawmakers. In a quiet way, how
ever, the carriers are still working toward
their desired ends, but no active effort as
an organization providing for the lobbying
through Congress of any particular Dill is
being made in the open.
What the carriers want is substitutes to
be put on the payroll at $200 a year, and
the present pay for the men in active serv
ice to be increased $200 per annum. With
very good luck the best average pecuniary
success for a substitute on a monthly basis
has amounted to only $35, but his services
may not be called into requisition at all,
and in that case he gets no more than the
$1 per annum to which the Government
has pledged itself in establishing its con
tract with him.
On his entrance to active service a carrier
is paid at the rate of $600. After six
months' toil from house to house this is
increased to 1800, i :id at the end of the
year his salary is fixed at $1000 annually
for all time. These figures the carriers
would like to fcee raised to $800, $1000 and
$1200 respectively. They would also hie
to see a pension fund established for the
beivtit of men who have devoted fifteen or
twenty years of their lives to the mail
bag.
The department at Washington looks
upon the efforts of the postotlice clerks
and th© railway mail clerks with much
more favor. Both organizations have bills
before Congress providing for a general re
classification and a more reasonable ad
justment of compensations. In the case
of the postoflice clerks though, there are
some differences of opinion between their
organization and the department as to
the degree of relief possible, and two billa
have been pre pared in consequence.
The bill the postofh'ce clerks are de
sirous of having the present Congress pass
was drawn up at the last National conven
tion, held in St. Paul, Minn., during Sep
tember. Alex Imbrie was the delegate
from this City to that convention and he
was one of the committee of five which
drafted the bill. The other members
were J. F. Coughlan of Boston, P. K. Peck
of Rutland, Vt., H. Schaumloeffel of Kan
sas City and John B. Whettleof Baltimore.
To carry its system of ciassitication into
effect it calls for an increase of about $400,
--000 to the general postoffice appropria
tion, and under it every employe in first
class offices would be practically assured
in time of an annual salary of $1000, and
clerks in second class offices of a compen
sation of $800, Of the $400,000 half the
amount would be needed to bring the
minimum salaries iv first-class offices up
to $600.
Perhaps the best idea of the scope of the
measure can be gained from the conclud
ing paragraph respecting the employes of
lirst-class offices, as follows:
All employes (except messengers, watchmen,
laborers, jauitors. auxiliary cierks, clerks in
charge of stations and stamp agents) in the
service on July 1, 1896, receiving less than
$900 per annum, and all * * • en
tering the service after July 1, 189G, at a sal
ary less than $900 shall receive an annual in
crease of at least $100 per annum until their
salaries {shall amount to $900; and after re
ceiving $900,f0r at least one year they shall re
ceive $1000, providing they are working in a
claw the maximum pay of which is more than
$;>OO, and provided they shall have served live
years continuously as employes.
All promotions "to the higher grades and
classes shall be made upon a basis of elliciency
a.id length of service under such rules as the
Postmaster-General may prescribe. No em
ploye shall receive a le*s salary after the pas
sage of this act than he was receiving prior
thereto, and noemploye shall be reduced from
a hinder to a lower grade or class after his
assignment thereto, unless properly reduced
by reason of inefliciency or inability to per
form the duties connected with such higher
grade or class.
Ttiere are over 280 clerks in the San
Francisco Postoffice. The local branch of
ihe Postoffice Clerks' Association will meet
Thursday evening at Its clubroomg, jn the
old Merchants' Exchange building, on
Battery and Washington streets, and
some action with reference to obtaining
the support of the California delegation in
Congress for the bill will then be taken.
President C. N. Brown said yesterday:
"The bill practically divides the clerical
branch into two great classes, one to re
ceive salaries ranging from $600 to $1000
and the other $1000 to $1400. As we are
now, a man might serve four years at
$600, and then four or five years at $700
before getting as high as $800."
The local branch of the Railway Mail
Clerks' Association will meet in Assistant
Superintendent Lewis' office Saturday aft
ernoon to agree upon a circular letter to
the Congressmen in behalf of their partic
ular bill. For several sessions the railway
mail clerks have had this measure before
Congress, and it has been twice passed by
the faenate, the last time as Senate bill 5-14.
It has been indorsed, successively, by
Postmaster-Generals Vilas, Dickenson,
Wannamaker and Bissell, and favorably
considered by the House committees of
the Fiftieth, Fifty-first, Fifty-second and
Fifty-third Congresses, but because of
technical objections the House has so far
failed to pass it. It is now known as
House of Representatives bill No. 1.
It provides for ten classes, salaried thus:
$800, $900, $1000, $1100, $1200, $1300, $1400
$1500, $1600 and $1800. The second-class
is to be based on a mileage of from eighty
to 100 miles; the third-class, 100 to lib
miles, and the fourth-class, 110 to 130
miles. The great majority of the clerks
are in what, under the new classification,
would be the third class. Very few get
higher salaries than $1200, and $1000 i 3
considered high.
The last reorganization of the railway
mail service was in May, 1881. The salaries
to-day range from $720 to $1300, and the
time put in averages from eight to ten
hours a day for seven days' work to the
week.
L. H. Bricker, who was the delegate from
this City to the National convention held
at Chicago last June, is making a rough
draft of the circular letter to the different
Congressmen, assisted by President Lewis
and F. I. R. Moore. Thejr are endeavor
ing to work in harmony with the depart
ment at Washington. The points the
circular letter will present are substantially
as follows:
First— The existing classification was made
fifteen years ago when the territorial extent
and volume of business were only half what
they are now, though the labor of the individual
clerk has been increased over 65 per cent, be
sides his responsibilities becoming much
greater and hours of duty longer.
Second— By the peculiar wording of the
present law no distinction is made between
clerks on trunk lines and those ou little side
Third— At present the clerks do not know
from month to month what their salaries may
be and are subject to the arbitrary adjustment
oi the administrative otlk-ers. Some years ago,
for ln-tance. the salaries of two classes were
reduced on account of a supposed shortage in
the appropriation, but they have never since
been restored. ,
Fourth and fifth— The semi-annual examina
tions show that the positions are responsible
ones and the clerks hard-working servants of
the people, and the bill has received the in
dorsement of the department and the sanction
of the United States Senate.
"We feel that we have the department
with us," Mr. Lewis added, "ana that all
we need is the favorable consideration of
both houses of Congress."
THE ARTISTS' MASK BALL
Mardi Gras Entertainment at the
Hopkins Institute Next
Month.
THE FIRST IN THE NEW HOME.
\
Committees Will Be Appointed by the
Association Directors This
Week.
The directors of the San Francisco Art
Association at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art yesterday decided to give a subscrip
tion Mardi Gras bal masque on Tuesday
evening, February 18, which is Mardi
Gras. The entertainment Riven by this
association in March, 188S, the grand
affair at the Opera-house in March, 1389,
and the one at Odd Fellows' Hall in Feb
ruary, 1890, are well remembered.
This ball, for the benefit of the Art Asso
ciation fund, will be the first entertain
ment given at the new home in the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, which is admir
ably adapted for the purpose. The com
mittees will be appointed thi3weetc: an
executive committee, a committee on in
vitations, a committee of artists on deco
ration and music, a refreshment commit
tee, a reception and committee and
the lady patrons.
The rules governing the other enter
tainments will be adopted, it is said. The
ladies will be obliged to go en masque,
while they will be urged to also don artis
tic costumes representing characters from
real life, the drama and romance. The
gentlemen are not obliged to wear masks
and a committee will alone see the mask
ers they enter tne house. There will be
a limited number of invitations sent out to
people for subscription. The price of the
tickets has not yet been determined.
Horace G. Platt, a member of the board,
reported at the meeting his visit to the
benefactor of the Art Association, Edward
P. Searles, who gave him an account of
how many of the pictures since given to
the Art Association were acquired. Mr.
Searles had assured him of hiat wishes for
the welfare of the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art.
Among other things of interest was an
account of the history of the celebrated
picture of "Marina Among the Ruins of
Carthage," by Vanderlyn, which now
hangs in the association's home. It was
purchased by Mr. Searles from the late
Bishop Kip. Mr. Searles handed to Mr.
PJatt some newspaper clippings and an
original paper, which read as follows:
George Augustus Sala said in the London
Telegraph: John Vanderlyn, a farmer's boy on
the Hudson River, the protege of Aaron Burr,
was the first imaginative painter of a highjor
der whom America has produced. He gained
the gold medal in the Paris "Salon" on the ex
hibition of his picture of "Mariua Among the
Ruins of Carthage"; but his career was un
fortunate and he was twice constrained to
pawn the medal conferred upon him, the last
time 'without being able to redeem it.
Here is the receipt for a sum loaned on
his prize medal:
Xew York. Jan. 22, 1843.
Received of Rev. AY. Ingraham Kip fifty
three dollars 08-100 for amount due draper "<fc
Co., Paris, for advance made J. Vanderlyn
against a gold medal he received tor his pic
ture of "Caius Marina at the Ruins of Car
thage," holding subject to the redemption by
Mr. Vanderlyn in the payment of the above
sum with the understanding said medal is not
to be transferred to any person but Mr. Vau
derlyn himself. Lorenzo Draper.
($33 08.)
The receipt will be placed on exhibition
at the Art School.
Made an Assignment.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— The sugar
and coffee importing and exporting house
of Perkins & Welsh made an assignment
to-day to Benjamin i'erkins, with prefer
ences for $125,b25. The entire amount of
the failure will probably be $000,000.
NEW TO-DAT.
s x^SE!^^- mirror could not
fp% M\ M \\\ He if it wanted to.
W*mA » !sLftT he « lass fa as noth-
Jr^ Jii. 'ii p^H in 8T to gain by flat-
a \ xY. Si ter y- If the roses of
|[\S. -^pMgW!. health and plump-
V-^S»^iZ^KJTne9s of beauty are
/ "^wHHhB leav * J> your face,
ft fjjlßiaWff your mirror will tell
// jHSBS you so - You can see
/ 1 BBHW& or yourself you are
ill BBHJtfK "* danger of losing
lil ■■»»-* *^? admiration
n .1 ■niB^^ which is every wo-
/j/i \ man's due, You
y/ I \ may not really real-
/* > ize it, but health is
, , \T ,j » he greatest beauti.
fier in the world. Lotions, plasters, creams
and cosmetics cannot make as good a com-
plexion as health can. They cannot hide
the story of ill4iealth. They merely em-
phasize it. _ Health shows in clearness of
eyes and skin, in redness of lips and vivac-
ity of manner and expression. Disease is
proved positively by the absence of these
things; When a woman sees the indica-
tions of ill-health in the face, she may with
almost absolute certainty look for the cause
in one or both of two conditions — consti-
pation, and derangement of the organs dis-
tinctly feminine. These things in them-
selves are in some degree related, and nine-
tenths of ail the sickness of women come
from them. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion will cure permanently and positively
any so-called 'female complaint." Dr
Pierces Pleasant Pellets will cure constipa-
tion. There is no reason in the world why a
woman should not be perfectly healthy It
rests with herself. If she will take these
truly wonderful remedies, and follow a few
hygienic measures, she may become per-
fectly strong and healthy in all ways. She
will gain :n health, strength and flesh
Hollows and angles will give place to full-
ness and grace. She will be that noblest
and most beautiful of all creation— a per-
fect woman. All druggists sell Dr. Pierces
medicines, but if you care to know more
about them and to know all of the grandest
medical truths, send 21 one-cent stamps to
cover cost of mailing only, and a complete
copy of Dr. Pierces 1008 page book, The
People's Common Sense Medical Adviser"
3>. ■?*> Post-paid. It is a veritable
SewS £ br 11 com P lete in one volume
?« 1 1 fi l ely lllustrate chapters are de-
voted to the consideration of* diseases of
women and their successful horne -treat
ment Address, World's Dispenslry M d
teal Association, 663 Main St., Buffalo v v
. J^iJt, Buffalo, N.Y.
LIFE'S LESSON
Teaches You and Teaches All That
Mistakes Are Made and Errors
Must Be Corrected.
If you have erred in youth, if you hare
! dissipated in early manhood, if you have
! misused your liver or kidneys you should
begin to put away false notions of pride and
■ make yourself a man complete. If you wish
! to begin on the right path use the Great
Hudyan. You can get it only from th*
Hudson Medical Institute. Hudyan cures
certain forms of lingering, wasting di*>
eases. Hudyan cures nervous debility*
' nervous exhaustion and nerve losses.
Hudyan cures certain forms>of constipa-
tion, liver and kidney troubles. Hudyan
is a specific and must be carefully used.
It is harmless, but to have the best results
care must be taken in the using of tha
great Hudyan.
Send for circulars and testimonials of th*
great Hudyan.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
1 TAINTED BLOOD- blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads ot
Bore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old bores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical la.
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets.
I,IVKR— When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptom*
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can gat
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now Fought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives'— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send fot
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make tho
test. Ths book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free. _____
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
NOTICE FOR BIDS.
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and sale of
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
fire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bouds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
first Monday in January, 189G, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1897. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, Placer County, State of Call,
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1596, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United States.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds oi the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty both
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must bo
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and pay for
same as delivered; and that a failure to' take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A dew""
a the United States postoffice of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver saS
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and with the seal of said town affixed ad
dressed to the purchaser of said bonus at his
ace of business or residence as stated in fa£
bid or said bonds, piep aid f thall be deemed
and taken to be notico to the purchaser frn™
the date of such deposit, and there shall S
be embodied in said undertaking f he 5£
Bated December 31, 1895.
. F.J^and ERBi Town Clert
* NOTARY PUBLICWINE, DINNERS
AND MERRIMENT.
How C. P. Huntington Spent
the Government's
Money
ON THE CONGRESSMEN.
Two Points in the Railroad Case
Wherein the Magnate
Erred.
CENTRAL PACIFIC BOOKS LOST.
Strange Disclosures in the Suit Brought
Against the Railroad Commis
sioners.
Ex-.Tudge Daly, who on Wednesday be
pan reading the voluminous testimony
printed as the report of the Congressional
Committee on Pacific and Aided Roads,
foiled to put in an appearance in Judae
McKenna'a courtroom yesterday morning.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald was still dis
inclined to undortfike the reading, be
cause, as he stated, the dingy courtroom,
with its miserable ventilation and acous
tics, did not allow him to remain in it
more than a little while at a time. True
enough, the general spends most of his
time smoking cigarettes in the outer room,
where there is no steam radiator.
As for ex-Judge Hayne. he covered him-
Eelf with enough distinction during the
arguments which caused Judge JlcKenna
to reconsider his first ruling and take un
der advisement the admissibility as evi
dence of the Congressional committee's
report. He is not a very robust man,
either, and the dark lines beneath his eyes
denote his burning of midnight oil, study
ing up points of Jaw by which, when the
real argument comes, he w ill try to score
a victory for :he State of California. The
ex-Jud^e tried nn-st nobly to Follow the
reading of the testimony as taken some
eight years ago.
He turned his back to the faint slimmer
of daylight struggling to get into the
courtroom through the murky windowson
the alley between the Appraisers' building
and the Postoffice. Upon his limbs ex
tended to another chair he held a copy of
the Congressional committee's reportbe
inc re
He followed the lines faithfully and
I the reader in a mistake.
" Engineers!" he exclaimed; "not en
gines."
True, it was '-engineers." and the ex
lay Kirk contented and more than
ever somnolent. He awakened later on.
It was Wiiliam H. Anderson, the Assist- i
ant Attornev-Gennral, who was reading i
ihe test tnony. He was the only man '
among the counsel for the Railroad Com- j
n fearless enough of consequences
to undertake the task. T at the reading :
had some anesthetic effect on him was
evinced when, at the close of the day's !
• imps, he was asked which particu- ,
Jar point, in the testimony impressed him
most.
"Don't ask rr,f»." he bezged. "I have
read sixty-live paces of testimony and that
is ail I know. I .spoke the word's as they
came to me line after line in the book
without attempting to do more than ex- !
press them for the court to understand. !
To save myself from perdition 1 do not
think I could remember their sieniticanc°
"The worst of it all," he added, "is
that there are 1500 more pages mapped out '
to be read, which will take up twenty-five
days in ail. I hope that I will not be ;
called upon to follow up this day's ex
perience."
The testimony of Collis P. Huntington, !
partially read the day previous, was again
taken up. It ran in the same vein, show
ing the inexcu-able extravagance in the
expenditure incv.rred by the Centra! Pa- !
c.ric while- building the road. The items, '
f.>r instance. covering the legal expenses'
sit Washington during the session of Con
gress furnished food for much comment.
Besides the acknowledged salaries paid
the regular attorneys for the railroad,
amounting to hundreds of thousands of
dollars. other exrenm-s were acknowlclcW,
by the railroad magnate as "incidentals." -
These amounts aggregate more than the
legitimate expenses and his testimony ex
plains them as necessary expenditures to
entertain member? of Congress while
making them understand that the railroad
wanted nothing hut what was right and to
the best interests of the public.
In his te-timony given before the com- '
mittee Mr. Huntington sated many pe
culiar things showing the free and-L'o-Vasy i
manner in which he and his associates
juggled with the interests of the Govern-'
ment and the public. f)::e instance is ■
when the lease of the Central Pacific road
was given the Southern Pacific Company |
without submitting the proportion to the j
stockholders and without asking permis- !
eion of Congress.
In view of the fact that the funding bill
is a pertinent question at this time, a
pretty comparison comes to the surface,
Huntington, in his endeavor to obtain
fin extension of time in which to liquidate
his indebtedness to the Government,
makes the assertion that the indebtedness
of tne Centra! Pacific is so groat that it
overshadows completely the value of the
road. He would like, therefore, to be al-
Jowed more time in which to place the
road on a paying basis before liquidating
its indebtedness or turning it over to the
Government.
In a fiat contradiction of this is his state
ment or allegation in the present injunc
tion suit that the value of the road is more
th:m its indebtedness.
These are points that will hardly escape
m'ticp later on when the decisive argu
me:.t~ will be undertaken.
At the coneiorion of the reading of the
Hantington testimony that of E. H. Miller
Jr., secretary of the Central Pacific Coru
waa taken up in full. Nearly four
i were sient in trying to ascertain
where were th<: contracts for construction
of the road entered into by the Central
Pacific Company with the Contract
and Finance Company, the Pacific Im
-1 rovement Company and the Western De
velopment Company.
The Congressional committee mu«t have
had a hard time of it, judging from the
report a<; read.
Mr. Millercould remember nothing about
these contracts excepting that they had
existed. As t<> their whereabouts and, in
fart, the whereabouts of the books of these
companies «.e was in perfect darkness.
The materiality of these documents be
comes appart at when it is considered that
Seen of these branches of the rail
road ollice were the very men at the helm
o! the Central Pacific Company. The
books arid contracts show.it is claimed.
) ow Hantington, Stanford. Hopkins and
Crocker awarded themselves contracts to
the roads nortii from Sacramento to Port
land, Or., at the average rate of $125,000 a
mile.
Mr. Millercould not remember whether
the books and contracts had been shipped
to England.
Among the scores of contracts called for
by the committee Mr. Miller could pro
duce but one made between the Central
Pacific, the Pacilic Improvement Company
end the Southern Pacific Company, Octo
ber 11, ISStJ. It was ior the building of IG4
niiies of road between Roseville and the
Oreeon State line. In payment for this
80,000 shares of capital stock and $4,500,000
in mortgage bonds were paid.
The secretary, when he produced this
lonely contract, volunteered the informa
tion that he would furnish the committee
with a certiliod copy of the document. To
this Commissioner Anderson answered
that he was so filled with joy at obtaining
this "last rose of summer" that he did not
hope for anything better than to copy the
document himself.
Among the most important contracts
which Mr. Miller declared to be missing
were those made with Crocker & Co..
Huntington & Hopkins and those already
mentioned in connection with the 'West
ern Development and Pacilic Improvement
companies.
Tne total stock authorized to be issued,
Mr. Mi! lor claimed, was $100,000,000, of
which $H8,000,000 had been issued, and the
remaining $32,000,000 held in reserve.
The secretary produced some twenty-two
leases between tne various roads and the
Central Pacilic Company; also the pooling
agreements between the company and the
Atlantic and Pacilic road, also the Southern
Pacific. But he could not produce the
pooling agreement with C. P. Huntington,
so much desired by Commissioner Ander
son.
Part of the testimony given by the late
Alfred A. Cohen was read. In it he states
that having once beer, retained as attorney
for the Southern Pacific Company, he was
pledged to never take a case against it.
However, in his capacity as an attorney,
he had brought numerous suits against
the Central Pacific Company.
On one occasion he represented the in
terests of numberless stockholders in the
action known as the Robinson case. This
was compromised. Another time he was
engaged oy tiie county of San Joaquin
against the Central Pacitio to recover the
value of certain stock of the company be
longing to the county, which had been
sold by the Board of Supervisors of the
county to Charles McLaughlin, an em
ploye of the company, and the value of
which was never turned into the county
coffers. This case was also compromised.
Mr. Cohen had also been in the cele
brated Colton litigation, representing the
interests of the Southern Pacific Company.
In all these legal tilts it was. one of his
main efforts to get hold of the books and
contracts of the "Central Pacilic and the
Western Development and Pacific Im
provement companies and the Contract
nnd Finance Company. He had always
been unsuccessful in his endeavors.
The case will be resumed this morning.
HASTE WILL NOT DOWN.
Heads of Departments Whom He
Accused Want a Speedy
Hearing.
ALL ARE VERY INDIGNANT.
Chief Wharfinger Root and Purchas
ing Agent Westlake Exon
erated.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday afternoon, during which
ex-Superintendent of Dredgers Haste was
! again under discussion.
Chief Wharfinger Root, as "one of the
heads of departments," indignantly de
nied ever having received a commission
from any man, firm or company.
The following letter, signed by Haste
and addressed to the Commissioners, was
read:
The papers in publishing my statement in
reference to the collections of commissions i
hnv<; 'iiiotecl me as saying that this was the
U'-neral custom of the heads of departments.
1 desire to say that In n-nk;iig my statement I
did not intend to im.plice.te Chief Wharfinger
Root in any way.
I do not know of anything connected with I
the administration of his ofliee that warrants
any such statement.
The following, addressed to ; 'The Editor
of The Call" by Haste, was also read:
I desire to correct a statement made in your
paper this morning. I did not say that Pur
chasing Acent Westiake v.ai receiving com
na from Payne's Bolt Works, or commis
sions from any otiic-r business nouse or tirrn.
So far as I have any knowledge of his business
transaction they are free from any such accu
sation.
When tne communications were offered
to President Colnon he waved them aside
and remarked that he required no certifi
cates as to the honest}- of Chief Wharfinger
Root or Purchasing Agent Westlake from
anybody, let alone Mr. Haste. Commis
sioner Cole interjected, "But Haste did as- ■
Eert that Payne's Bolt Works were paying
a commission to our purchasing agent. "
The next one to appear was ex-Superin
tendent of Dredgers Cruse. Haste said he
(Cruse) had received 5 per cent commis
sion from the Main-street Iron Works on
ail work lie sent there. This made Cruse
very anury and he demanded an investiga
tion. He said his character was his bread
and butter and he could not afford to have
it besmirched by any one.
President Coinon advised him not to
take any notice of what Haste had said,
but Cruse insisted and asked as a favor
that the board question everybody with
whom he had done business while serving
the State as superintendent of dredgers
and tow boats.
Cole was in favor of having the ruer- j
chants heard in the matter and remarked |
that he knew personally of one instance
where a commission "had been offered
Cruse and he immediately stopped dealing
with that firm.
President Colnon agreed to the proposal,
and the merchants whom Cruse, as the
State's agent, dealt with, will be heard
next Tuesday.
Tirey L. Ford, the board's attorney,
i asked for leave of absence, which was
■ granted. He is going to Washington, D.
i C, to attend the meeting of the California
■ Miners' Association. During his absence
j F. S. Stratton will act as fcpecial counsel,
i tiie remuneration being a r.-itter that the
| attorneys will settle between themselves.
The storing of potatoes on Jackson
> street Wharf again came up for discus-ion.
j Chief Wharfinger Root said that W. R.
I Larzelere had been notified twice to re
j move his goods and had tailed to do so.
I He recommended that Larzclero's bill be
; v.ot rebated. Wharfinger Stafford said
that some of the commission merchants
ha.l moved their goods when told to do so,
] but that Larzelere and others had not.
; The latter, he ?aid, had re-sacked and re
! marked some of his potatoes, so that it
I was impossible to tell whether they were
I old or new shipments. The Commissioners
; decided that Larzelere was entitled to no
j rebate. Murray & Steinhagen. who are in
| the same box as Larzelere, asked for a re- |
bate on a bill for $13 20. The request was I
I denied.
Tue inspectors of hulls and boilers wrote,
stating that on trie report of ex-Superin
tendent of Dredgers and Towboats Haste
they had examined the machinery of the
tug Governor Irwin. They practically
recommended the building of a n»w vessel.
They wanted a new piston rod to run
through both cylinders, the piston valves
to be fixed by fittinc snap rings to the
piston nead, new stems of an increased
dimension for the valve stems, overhaul
the air pumps and generally put the
machinery in proper order. The commu
nication was laid on the table and the
board adjourned.
The Lux Appeal.
The Lux case came before the Supreme Court
yesterday for argument on the question of
family allowance to Mrs. Miranda Lux. As
Mr. Delmas, who will be one of the principals
In the argument, was detained by a case in
the Superior Court, the Lux matter went over
until Wednesday next.
Following the allowance appeal will come
the appeal from the order of partial dis
tribulioii.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
A NEW MINING
EXCHANGE BORN
Formal Organization of the
California Gold
Men.
THE OFFICERS ELECTED.
General Walter Turnbull Chosen
as President— Fifty Char
ter Members.
TO DEVELOP GOOD SITES.
The New Headquarters Will Be Located
on the First Floor of the
Mills Building.
Last Wednesday evening the leading
gold miners of the State of California met
in the Mills building and formally organ
ized what will bo known as the Gold Min
ing Exchange of San Francisco.
A constitution and by-laws have been
adopted and the business of developinc
good properties in and around the gold
region will soon be under way.
General Walter Turnbull, who was
unanimously elected president of the ex
change, set forth the purposes of the or
ganization in an interview yesterday. He
GENERAL WALTER TIRNBtLL, PRESIDENT OF THE GOLD MINING EX
CHANGE OF SAN FRANCISCO.
[From a photograph.}
said: "We wi«h to establish a marketC
value for big mining properties, which will
give investors pome idea of the prospective
value of adjoining claims. Most all prop
erties of any importance have smaller
properties contiguous that have no set
value upon them, and the development of
one will improve the other.
"We have fifty charter members and
among them you will rind the best-known
mining men in the State of California;
men whose word on a mining proposition
is good as the virgin gold of the earth.
We do not propose to have any wildcat
schemes floating around the boardrooms
in the Mills buildine, where we have taken
the lower floor in the rotunda, and no
mining clique or mill ring can ever ma
terialize to bring discredit on the exchange
and gold-development industry. No fab
ulous salaries for superintendents and
other officials, with fast horses and other
extravagances provided at the expense of
the public can fasten on our California
mines. Each mine must necessarily have
its own mill, its own water rights, its wood
I and lumber, its electric plants, its own
moderately paid superintendent and
miners.
'Unlike the Comstock, where the pay
bodies of ore are like eggs in a box of
meal, where you never knew when you
would run into a pay hunch and when you
would run out, the walls in most instances
in the California mines are well defined
and pay streaks can be followed any depth
if capital is furnished. It is just this very
capital the Gold Mining Exchange of San
Francisco expects to furnish to t£e needy
miners.
'Already a company is talked of, with
large capital, for assisting in developing
properties that have been passed on by the
exchange as meritorious. This company
will, of course, work independently or but
be in perfect harmony with the exchange,
and guard the investments that may be
advanced to assist in thoroughly prospect
ing a property, and regular reports will be
given for the satisfaction and information
of investors. Non-assessable certificates
will be issued, which will give the ex
change legitimate securities for trading
purposes, with regular reports, as a sure
guide for the action of operators.
"A small fee will be charged all com
panies desiring to be placed on the book
list of the exchange. Blanks will be fur
nished, which, when lined up and prop
erly signed, will give all requisite informa
tion as to title, location, work and im
provements, etc. The committee on mines
and mining, aided by a prominent ad
visory engineer connected with the ex
change, will pass upon .all applications,
mid only those thougnt meritorious will
be taken notice of. A further personal in
vestigation will be made by tne expert of
the exchange, and if found correct the ap
plicant will be turned over to the exchange
for material assistance. By this means it
is expected investors will be attracted to
the exchange, where direct and truthful
information can be obtained.
"Something like 100 applications to go
on the book list have already been made
to the exchange. Of course to con over
and carefully examine even this number
will take some time, but the work will be
at once commenced as soon as the books
and blanks can be prepared.
"The fact that, unsolicited, the Boards of
Supervisors and other prominent county
oilicials are voluntarily aiding the ex
change by resolutions and through corre
spondence, shows the popular wave of
feeling toward the organization for the
development of the yellow metal. Con
servative and cautious men throughout
the State claim that California within the
next two years will see the greatest boom
in gold mining that the world has ever
seen, South Africa and Colorado notex
cepted. As conservative a man as Henry
Pichoir remarked toe other day that very
few realized the business in gold mining
at present going on in this State, 'And if
you (the exchange) start ripht you cannot
realize the great good you will do Cali
fornia.'
•'lt is the one great industry that does
not fear competition, that does not require
to pay tribute to any railroad or other
monopoly, and whore product can be mar
keted without paying 'all the traffic will
bear.' It will give lucrative employment
to thousands of miners, will stimulate
ironworks and foundries, electrical work
ers, lumber and wood merchants; in fact,
every industry will immediately feel the
improvement that will ariso from the
added output of gold."
President Turnbull further stated that
he would be prepared in a few days to an
nounce the permanent committees, which
will be executive, finance, mines and min
ing.
The officers who will serve for the ensu
inc year are: General Waiter H. Turn
bull, president; ex-Lieutenant-Governor
Daggett, vice-president; J. F. Crosett,
secretary; D. E. Mile?, treasurer.
Following is a partial list of the gentle
men wtio are associated with the exchange
and who signed the charter list:
General Walter Turnbull, ex-vice-president,
and for twenty-three years a member of the
San Francisco Stock Exchange Board.
John Oaggett, ex-Lieu:enant-Governor of
California: at present Superintendent of the
branch United States Mint at San Francisco,
and a prominent mine-owner In California and
Mexico.
Mni.ir Frank McLaughlin of Oroville (a mil
lionaire), owner of Eureka Lake Water and
Mining Company and the Delhi quartz mine,
ar.d promoter and developer of several other
very large mining plants.
Robert McMurray, known all over the coast
as a large mine-owner and also director 01 the
London nnd Paris Bank.
Oscar Newhouse of the Eagle Bird mine, Ne
vada County.
F. J. Fletter, president California Cap Com
pany.
I. R. Wilbur, Royal Consolidated, West Point.
Colonel 11. I). Kanlett, Newton copper mine,
Amador County.
George k. Wells, mining attorney for Messrs.
Flood & Mackay, and at present Interested in
numerous mining ventures.
J. F. Crosett, Lockwood and Riverside mines,
West Point.
Martin Jones, Hathaway jjold mine, Nevada
County.
C. J. Schuster, Champion mine, Nevada
County.
C. G. Yale.assistantsecretary Minlngßureau,
statistician in the branch Mini at San Fran
cisco nn<l a developer of mines in California
ami Mexico.
OliverO. Howard, English Mountain mine,
Nevada County.
Henry I'ichoir, one of the best-known pro
moters and owners ot gravel and drift mines in
3 alifo:*nia, including the great North Bloom
i field in Nevada County.
i F. C. Siebc, the prominent merchant, and a.
, large owner in the celebrated Champion mine
in Nevada County.
David Kodrick of Monterey County, a prom
inent mine-owner.
Felix Cbappelet, one of the largest owners of
the celebrated Mayflower gold mine.
■ Hugh McCrnm.a prominent wholesale mer-
I chant of San Francisco and one of the heaviest
mine-developers in Arizona.
Colonel W. R. Smedberg, director Russell
Reduction Mill and Mining Company, Cala
veras County.
M. A. Hurley, owner in the Hurley mine,
■West Point, representing large amount of
Eastern capital.
X K. Stevenot, Chaparral Hill mines, Angels
Camp.
Matt F. Tarpey, known tnroughout the whole
Pacific Coast as a prominent mining man.
Kmile Sutro, capitalist and a prominent pro-
I moter. y
Theodore Reichnrt, ex-Surveyor-General of
California and a large mine owner.
C. L. Hovcy, a prominent land and mine
owner.
W. K. Flint, a pioneer merchant and mine
promoter.
B. F. Lncy of Parke & Lncy, importers of min
ing machinery.
And twenty or more prominent gentlemen
interested more or less in securing capital for
the development of gold mining in California
and elsewhere.
A call board will be a necessary auxiliary
for the purchase and pale of shares and
certificates in developed dividend-paying
mines and in properties being developed.
TO FIGHT NOE HEIRS.
The San Miguel Defence Association
Prepared to Contest the
Claims.
A meeting of the San Miguel Defense
Association is to be held this evening at
Judson's Hall, Twenty-third and Doug-
Jass streets, at 8 o'clock, to hear the report
of its executive committee and to give all
the property-holders affected by the Noe
suitan opportunity to join with the asso
ciation for a common defense at $1 50 per
lot of twenty-five feet frontage. The asso
ciation now contains the names of over
250 property-owners, who have banded
themselves together to contest the claim
placed upon their titles by the pending
suit of the Noe heirs.
The claim of the Noe heirs is to an un
divided half interest in what was formerly
the San Miguel rancho, containing 4443
acres of the most desirable residence prop
erty in the southwestern part of the City.
The boundary lines of the rancho com
menced at Sullivan street, between Cole
and Clayton, running thence at right
angles to Nineteenth and Valencia, thence
southerly to Twenty-second ami Valencia
thence westerly to San Jose avenue, thence'
southerly to San Jose road, thence
southerly on a line with the San Jose road
to within 500 feet of the county line, thence
westerly to Lake de la Merced, thence
northerly to point of commencement. In
cluded in this vast tract of land is the
City Land Association, Railroad Home
stead Association, Ocean View, Lakeview,
Sunnysidc, Fairmount, Homer's Addition
and all the Mission district south and west
from Nineteenth and Valencia streets.
Stabbed a Policeman.
John Westhouser, a beer-bottler, was yester
day held to answer before the Superior Court
in $3000 bonds by Judge Joachimsen on the
charge of assault to murder. About three
weeks ago Policeman John P. Carson found
Westhouser lying drunk on the sidewalk on
Morton street. While the officer was taking
him to the patrol box Westhouser slashed Car
son 011 the neck with a knife, narrowly misoine
his jugular.
Rabbi Levy's Lectures.
Rev. M. S. Levy will speak this evening on
his personal reminiscences of Berlin. Ger
many, at the Geary-street temple. To-morrow
morning he will speak, by special request, on
the aims and objects of the "Ladies' Endeavor
of Congregation Beth Israel," to which the
public and members of the various congrega
tions are invited.
MRS. HINCKLEY`S
INHERITANCE.
The Blythe Millions Dis
tributed to Her at
Last.
JUDGE COFFEY'S DECREE.
Allowing Administrator's Com
missions and Attorneys'
Fees.
TWO PROTESTS STRICKEN OTJT.
Thirteen Years of Expensive Probate
Litigation Brought to an
End.
There were lawyers by the score in
Judge Coffey's court yesterday, all wait
ing to see what would become of the
Blythe estate and how the attorneys would
fare. It was the time set for hearing the
application for final distribution, and the
courtroom was crowded with people
anxious to be in at the end.
General Hart was there for the girl who
has had such a long legal battle for her
millions. S. "W. Holladay was there for
Henry T. Blythe, and he had an answer to
the application, a protest against its grant
ing and arguments to back his claims.
G. W. Towle, similarily equipped, ap
peared for the Blytbe Company. Xaph
taly and Freidennch, of Naphtaly, Freid
enrich & Ackerman, came to loot out for
their client, ex-Public Administrator J. C.
Pennie. Attorney Harrison appeared for
the estate of Phillip Roach, who preceded
Pennie as Public Administrator. J. D.
Sullivan represented the present adminis
trator, A. C. Frees**, who was also present,
and \V. A. Rix of plaintiff's counsel made
up the list.
The settlement of A. G. Freese's account
as Public Administrator was tirst attended
to. The account was a recapitulation of all
money received and expended on behalf
of the estate since Mr. Freese took charge,
and also a recapitulation of receipts and
disbursements since ti.e beginning of all.
This account was satisfactorily settled,
and attention was then turned to the
commissions to be allowed the Public Ad
ministrators who have had charge since
Thomas Blythe's death.
When the question of commissions first
came up Judge Coffey found that the
method of computation by which the re-
Milt had been arrived at had not been in
corporated in the application for allow
ance and he laid the case over for a couple
of hours until the attorneys could lix up
matters. They all bustled "out of court and
returned on time with their computations
made more lucid. The total asked for was
$55,471 07.
Attorney Harrison, for the estate of
Roach, aj-kcd (30,460 43 of this amount.
Roach had charge of the estate for ten
years and six iiionths. His legitimate
commissions amount to $24,509 36 and for
some extraordinary work he had been al
lowed $. r >9sl 07 more. Already he has been
paid $10,565 and he asked for the re
mainder.
James 0. Pennie, who took charge after
Roach, demanded $10,007 43. He had re
ceived |6833 12 on account. Captain Freese
came next with his demand. He had
earned $8403 22 and h?d been paid $2(>07 65.
These commissions -vere allowed by
Judge Coffey after he had done some com
puting for himself, and then the question
of the fees of J. D. Sullivan, attorney for
Administrator Freese, came up. There was
a lull in the proceedings, and then General
Hart broke the silence. He announced
that Mr. Bishop of the old nrm of Garber,
Hoalt & Bishop, Mrs. Hinckley and him
self had given the subject of Mr. Sullivan's
fee much thought, and among them they
had decided to allow him, "if the court
pleased," $20,000. He had already been
allowed $6000 for his legal services, but the
$20,000 decided on wns to be in addition to
that former payment.
Judge Coney then beg.m to take moro
interest in the proceedings.
"How much did this department allow
Mr. Wright?" he asked.
"One hundred and twenty thousand dol
lars," ventured Mr. Naphtaly.
Wright had been attorney for Philip
Roach, and the mention of his fee aroused
the judicial ire. "I said out of this court,"
declared the Judge. "I never allowed any
such fee as that."
Then Mr. Xaphtaly announced that
Judge Coffey had allowed Wright the dif
ference between $95,000 and $120,000. This
was more satisfactory to his Honor, and he
put the amount down. Then he inquired
how much had been allowed from the Pro
bate Court to Mr. Naphtaly. who, with
Freidenrich and Ackerman, had been at
torneys for Pennie. This sum was stated
to be 'sls,soo, thoueh no mention was made
of the fee of $80,000 allowed them by Judge
Levy.
"Mr. Roach was in charge for eight
years and Mr. Pennie for two years," so
liloquized the court, "and $15,500 and $25,
--000 make $40,500 expended in attorneys'
fees during that time. Now should I al-
Jow this fee of $26,000 it would be $66,500
for the attorneys for the public adminis
trator who have had charge of the estate.
The fact that the client consents to the fee
of ?26,000 is not evf»ry thine, for the Su
preme Court has said that the Probate Jud<;e
in his discretion, may aflirm such fee, but
it is not binding. With this fee of $26,000
that would make $66,500 for twelve years
and a half. Will some of you gentlemen
divide that by tbirte^i?"
"By twelve and a half it would make it
about $5300 a year," ventured General
Hart.
"Opinions among attorneys," continued
his Honor, '"have shown me that $5000 a
year is a reasonable amount for attorneys'
fees. Should 1 award this fee it would
bring the fees to about $SOOO more than the
commissions, and by allowing the extra
$6000 paid to Roach for extraordinary ser
vices, it would make them over $12,000
more. This was never the rule here. I
wish to see the plaintiff herself in regard
to these fees, and to have her own testi
mony on the subject of the fee to Mr.
Sullivan. This is no aspersion on the
statement of counsel, but I have made it a
rule never to allow these fees without first
hearing the client."
It was decided that Mrs. Hinckley should
be in court at 4 o'clock this afternoon and
give such consent as she may choose to
Sullivan's fee. The Judge intimate 1 that
her testimony would not interfere with his
discretion in affirming her consent, but he
wanted to hear her evidence anyway.
General Hart had another point he
wanted to bring up. J. T. Greaney had
done some work in settling up the Roach
estate and he wished $3600 for it. This
has been reduced to $2. r >oo, but Judge
Coffey refused to hear the matter at all, for
it had been included in the account of
Fennie, which was before Jud^e Levy,
and he said it should have been settled
tbere. At any rate he had no jurisdiction
over it.
Then there was a balance of a judgment
in favor of Naputaly, Freidenrich &
Ackernian worth $20,000, and this was al
lowed. This judgment was the last part
of their big fee of $80,000 which the
Sxipreme Court affirmed. Then followed
the distribution.
It was called from the calendar, and G.
"W. Towle arose to address the court. He
represented the Blythe Company, and he
hnd an answer and a protest to the ap*
plication for distribution. His answer
contained the usual allegations that the
successful litigant was not the child of
Thomas Blythe, and had never been
legally adopted, and was not entitled to
t:ie estate, and should be estopped from
coming in under the decree, and all the
other allegations which have characterized
all thes-e documents in the famous case.
He said if it were contended that he Had
no rights in the case the court could not
refuse a hearing until it had passed upon
his right to be heard. He cited authorities
to prove his point, and then gave place to
8. M. Holladay. He represented the Henry
T. Blythe heirs, but made no address other
t.an to say Mr. Towle's position was his
position.
Then W. A. Rix moved that Mr. Towlo's
answer and protest be stricken from the
files, ami the motion was granted. Then
he moved thai Mr. Holladay's answer and
protest be stricken from the hie, and that
was done, and then the decree of distribu
tion was made and the estate had found its
owner.
Exceptions were taken to these last rul
ings, but the attorneys say that will make
no difference. There is a point still in the
Supreme Court, but that too, they say.
will have no bearing. There is a looss
end in the Federal courts, also, but again
the attorneys say it will cut no figure.
The estate is in Mrs. Hinckley's hands,
and her attorneys believe ttiat she has
has seen the end of important litigation.
PHILBROOK SCORES ONE.
He May Plead Cases in Which
He Is Personally In
terested.
HIS WRIT OF MANDATE.
Judge Sanderson Ordered to Allow
Him to Appear in the Latz-
Greenhood Case.
The Supreme Court has granted to
Horace W. Philbrook a writ of mandate
compelling the Superior Court of San
Francisco to allow him to appear and
plead the case of Samuel W. Latz against
Louise A. Greenhood.
While the case was in process of litiga
tion Latz assigned his interest to Philbrook,
who thereupon attempted to conduct what
was bis own case, under the original title
Latz vs. Greenhood. This Judge Sander
son refused to allow on the ground that
Philbrook, naving been disbarred by the
Supreme Court, could not evade the judg
ment of disbarment in such a manner.
Had Philbrook himself been hurt, or
had money owing to him or had an orig
inal interest in the proceedings, then he
could appear, but the court did not think
he had a right to purchase claims in pro
cess of litigation and then present an
action in that form.
In commenting upon the decision of
Judge Sanderson and in granting the writ
prayed for. the Supreme Court says :
Under the facts thus presented the court mis
took the scope of the judgment of suspension.
The judgment did not, aud did not attempt to,
limit the petitioner in the exercise of any
rights formerly enjoyed by him, saving those
pertaining to the office of attorney-at-law.
One acts as an attorney-at-law only when he
represents another, not when he appears for
himself. Petitioner having the undoubted
right lawfully to acquire any form of property,
has equally the right to its periect enjoyment,
and as a necessary incident to that right the full
power accorded to all, of appearing in person
to prosecute or defend all actions Tor its pro
tection or preservation. And this power is
not, as the court held, limited to the prosecu
tion or defense in person of property rights
owned at the time of the commencement of
any action affecting them. His right to ac
quire a chose in action and to protect in per
son his property in it when acquired, is uot cut
off by the fact that it may, at the time of ac
quirement, be already the subject of litigation.
It was admitted by Judge Sanderson that
the transfer of interest vras a valid tran
saction and made in good faith. The de
fendant could not object to the transfer of
interests as loner as a judgment against
one would protect him against any future
plaintiff. With the court the only question
\va« whether the transfer was simulated
or genuine, and if it were genuine the dis
barment had no application.
In pursuance of this view of the case the
Supreme Court issued the writ which will
enable Philbrook to appear before Judge
Sanderson. It is a great victory for him.
for under the terms of the decision he has
but to acquire an interest in a client's
cause, and no court can prevent him from
appearing in that case by alleging his dis
barment by the Supreme Court.
The decision was written by Justice
Henshaw, and Justices Beatty, Van Fleet,
Harrison, Temple and Garoutte concur.
Parker's Deposition Not Admitted.
Acting United States Circuit Judge Morrow
refused in chambers yesterday to allow the
deposition of Superintendent D. F. Parker of
the Standard Soap Company, which Special
Trustee John Ohetwood Jr. of the California
National Bank was eager to have introduced in
his injunction case against Agent T. K. State
ler. The question of jurisdiction has not yet
been determined.
NEW TO-DAY.
fIWEjIKIPOf.
Three-fourths of the ailments afflicting
mankind are of the nervous system and
£W->^ I can be traced to their
/f* v^f foundation at the
L*« f small of the back, j
E^Vr Here are the centers of I
y the most important ,
y nerves, and the sup- !
f \ J port of all vital or- ;
/ if pans, such as the
I*k / J Liver, Stomach and j
/ « l \V/'>\,\[«,'l Kidneys and Sexual i
I fl) I —^ilSEii Organs, comes from
V«B||£\ this general founda-!
\lf} l\ ''V A tion. Hence it is nat- 1
ill ural that all weakness
> <^fi*& '- in the function*
named must show itself in the back, at tr.e
' point covered by the disks conducting the ,
j strengthening Electric currents from
DR. SiSDEH'S ELECTRIC BELT.
This partially explains the great success
i attending the use of this famous Belt, but i
it is only a part of the studied system fol-
lowed by Dr. Sanden in his treatment of
j Nervous and Chronic diseases by Elec-
; tricity. The treatment is a science with
I him. Knowing that all diseases require
! separate treatment, he has different meth-
ods of application for Nervous Debility !
and kindred weakness, for Rheumatism, '
for Sciatica, for Liver and Stomach com-
plaints and for Kidney troubles. All are
different, but all are curable by Electricity
when properly applied.
; DR. SASDES'S ELECTRIC BELT
' Cures alone, without medicine. A valua-
ble book by Dr. Sanden, called "Three
Classes of Men," can be had free. It gives
; full information and volumes of proof of
I ■permanent cures. When sent by mail it is
! closely sealed,' free. ■ Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market Street. San Francisco,
Opposite Paiuce Hotel. Office hours; Bto 6; even-
in -s, 7 to 8:30.
i Portland (Oregon) office, 255 Washington st.
NEW TO-DAT.
DiLADELPI SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
g^ _^
WE ARE SELLiTcS
We are pleased to state to our numerous cus-
tomers who have been awaiting the arrival of our
celebrated ALASKA skal SHOES that the
shipment arrived yesterday, and we are now pre-
pared to supply their demands. The Alaska Seal
I shoes are guaranteed to be waterproof, and as
! they are easy on the feet and give good wear they
are ready sellers, and the price.
53.00,
Is within the reach of all. We carry them in Lace
and Congress, with medium broad toes and tins
and double sole*. We also carry them for Youth*
and Boys at the following prices:"
Youths', sizes 11 to 2 $1 75
Boys', sizes 2 Vis to 6 -3 200
Ladles who we.ar Oxford Ties should take notice
that we are selling Cloth-Top Oxfords with Don-
gola Kid Vampg, with either pointed or medium
square toes, with patent-leather tips, for $1 SO.
These Oxfords, being hand-turned, are very easy
on the feet and require no breaking in. They aw
neat fitters and wear well and retail regularly for
$2.00.
75n I??
Parents are reminded that we carry the best
School Shoes in this city, and that we are prepared
to sell them cheaper than our competitors. Wo
are selling I)on;;ola Kid Buttons with patent-
leather tips, or Genuine Pebble Grain Buttons
with spring heels, double soles »nd toecaps, at the
following low prices:
Child's, sizes to 10'/ 2 $0 78
Hisses', sizes 11 to 1' 1 00
WE HAVE _NOT MOVED.
<Ey"Country orders solicited.
*5~-Seod for New lllustratod Catalogue
i Address
B. KATCHINSKt,
1O Third Street. San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
(Better than
[Broths
I and
{Bouillon
J "The ordinary soups, broths
r and beef teas are worthless" say
, 4 eminent physicians.
1 i COCOA is the most nourish-
f ing and easily digested liquid
j A food known to science.
! \ Dyspeptics are compelled to
1 f drink it instead of tea and coffee.
V
tlGhirardelli's
* COCOA
is made here — not long in get-
ting to you, therefore FRESH-
EST; therefore STRONGEST,
most NOURISHING, most
ECONOMICAL.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
■ Kings County Bonds.
I "JVrOTrCE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
! 1.1 proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7ih day or February
I 1896. for the purchase of thirty-two (321 Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
j from one (1) to thirty-two (3'J), both inclusive, of
1 the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
I each, and payable on the first day of January,
I 1906, or at any time before that date, at the
j pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
I states, with Interest thereon a) the rate of four (4)
! per cent per annum, payable semi-annually.on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
1 each year. Bonds and interest payable at the office
I of the County Treasurer of said Kings County,
i Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of Super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1595,
and January 6. 1896, and under authority con-
J ferred upon said board by the provisions Of and in
! accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
I State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
i Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
I ment," approved Mai eh -'4, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
: value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
I thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
: pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
'■ Mark envelope, "Proposals for the purchase of
: Courthouse EonJs."
' By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
King3Uounty. V\". 11. SLAVIN,
. County Treasurer.
j m _ IRON BEDS,
i "?— '— A- *" BRASS BEDS,
FOLDING BEDS,
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Ke c 1 i n 1 n ?
■ "H-ft? Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
I- +» ffnlilT Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
'x^m *«Jf Commodes. Back Rests
d-i-U X f W. A. SCHROCK,
1 u«s: f~ mm — 21 —
ff %*• J A A New Montgomery
"^** St., under t.rmiil
; Hotel, S. F.
V A M an A laxative refreiblns tot
I v Bw2 14 14 frui ' lounge.
; I flillnll very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
____ __ __ hemorrhoids, bile,
I HI II I L U IO9S of appetite, gastric an 4
I all I 1C Eg intestinal trouble.i and
'■ ■•■•■*■■■ headache arising
from them.
ANSI I All E. GRILLOX,
Si X G i BBEtJ 33 Rue dcs Archives, Parts.
ÜBllLikUll »«ld by aU DruMiM,
56
©ft* * fiMl
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
ysilv and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 0.00
I sfly and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Feily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
feuEday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
WEEKLY Call, one year, by mail • A -50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street.
San Francisco, California.
Solerhone Main-1868 .
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
s>lerbone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
BSD Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
f :S0 o'clock.
JS9 Bayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 LtrKiln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
sntil 8 O'clock.
4618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
-.t< Ninth street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 P. road way.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 end 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
FRIDAY ... JANUARY 17,1696
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
• v. ever war comes in Europe the
say, "I told you so."
The dissolution of the bond syndicate
:e drop, but the bonds re-
All Democratic Presidential possibilities
pt one. and he is off
color.
The defect in the Kaiser's correspond
once is that his action doesn't correspond
with his words.
1: the Democrats throw over Cleveland
and insist on giving us Oiney we would
rather have iloke Smith.
Now that the nourish of war trumpets is
over, Europe had better resume her con
cert for reform in Turkey.
According to Kalfour, England offers the
g'.ai hand to the United States, but has a
marble heart for the Kaiser.
[son has been hailed in lowa as the
next President, and some of tnose lowa
fellows are pretty good prophets.
Tn!ess the railroad has something up its
sleeve the funding bill will be beaten, for
we have tne winning cards so far.
The Presidential campaign is as yet only
a sideshow to Congress, but it won't be
long before it will be tne big circus.
Before the Democrats take the trouble to
call a National Convention they had better
decide what they wish to hold it for.
When the new Senators take their seats
the Senate will distinctly show the silver
side on top and the cloud underneath.
They may call him "Fire Alarm For
aker," but he is not alarming anybody ex
cept the fellows who ought to be made to
go to blazes.
It would be a good illustration of the
growth of the country ro close the century
with a President who lives west of the
Mississippi.
The Republican Presidential procession
has taken the middle of the road, but De
mocracy is still in the woods and headed
for the swamps.
It is possible that the beating of the
third-term tomtoms in the Democratic
camp is only a feint to cover a flank
movement for Olney.
With Allison, Reed and McKinley act
ively in tne field Harrison will nave to be
something more than a receptive candi
date if he expects to receive anything.
Among the leaders of the fight against
the funding bill there should be no dis
sensions of any kind. It will take unity
of action as well as hard work to win the
battle.
From the rate at which the military and
naval expenditures of Japan are increas
ing it seems probable that her victory over
China will cost her dearer in the end than
it cost China.
In National politics sectional lines cut
no figure, but nevertheless it is a good
thing for Allison that he lives on our side
of the Mississippi, for the star of empire is
coming this way.
The fervent declaration of Senator Mills
that "fifty-year bonds means 50,000 years"
6hows how easily in the mouth of an ac-
compJiihed rhetorician a figure of finance
may be turned into a figure of speech.
Morgan says he was invited to Washing
ton for a conference on money matter?, but
there were no negotiations for a loan, and
thus we learn "how great the difference
there may be 'twixt tweedledum and twee
dledee.:'
It may be a good diplomatic bluff for the
Emperor of <^rman\- to demand of Salis
bury an apulogy for the denunciations of
lii:n by English newspapers, but if he
reaiiy means business or wishes to have
f-ome fan he should sue the editors for
It was hardly fair in Mills of Texas to
join the chorus of those who denounce the
President for his bond issue. Mil].- was
one of the men who passed the deficit tariff
that made the bonds necessary, and if he
is going to repent he should repent of his
own misdeeds as well as those of G rover.
it is to be regretted that Utah begins
her career as a State by what looks like
gnrw judgment oi i caucus in the election
oi a [Tnited States Senator, »nd if there is
anything in it that justifies a suspicion of
unfairness, the Legislature should ignore
ttie caucus and give every candidate fair
play and an equal chance when the time
comes ;o take the vote.
Among the associations organized last
year for the promotion of the general wel
fare none has undertaken a mure important
task or gone aboiu it Ln a better way than
the .Slate Development Committee*. This
association enters the new year with re
newed vigor and while it is making no dis
play of itself it is showing energy and ef
fective work In many directions.
Brad street's report of clearances of the
principal cities of the Union for the first
week uf the year shows an increase of 18.6
per cent for the country at large over those
of the corresponding week of last year.
Philadelphia Bhows the extraordinary gain
of 52.6 percent. New York increased 26.1
and San Francisco 22.4. Thirteen cities
red decreases. The total clearances
fur the week amounted to $1,237,609,702.
THE SAFEST GROUND.
One of the most important agencies fos
tering railroad aggression in California
has been the extreme lengths to which ad
vocates of reform have endeavored to push
popular and righteous issues. Such a
policy, by having the appearance of being
aimed generally at the rights of vested
capital, has contributed to the defeat of
reforms which would have greatly pro
moted the prosperity of the State. The
intemperance of its enemies is one of the
strongest supports that the railroad re
ceives.
Applying this fact to the purpose of the
anti-funding convention, which is to be
held in this City on Saturday of this week,
it is clear that nothing would serve the
interests of the railroad more effectively
than an insistence on extreme measures.
Anything of the nature of bitterness, ani
mosity or reprisal— anything but a simple
demand for justice and the enforcement of
the law — might place a sword in the hand
of the railroad. The purpose of that con
vention is to urge Congress to defeat any
measure for extending the debt of the
aided railroads.
That alone is a very comprehensive posi-
I tion. It is the door tnat must be first
; opened before the stronghold can be in
vaded. If the funding bill is not first de
feated it would be idle to talk of any
proposition which naturally would follow
! it. Let any ulterior plans that may ba
i wise and just be matured meanwhile, but
let them be Kept in abeyance until the
main battle is fought and won.
The logical sequence of events in this
matter requires the funding bill to be first
put out of the way. That accomplished,
it would be incumbent on the Government
to proceed with the collection of the debt.
In that step would be raised th» question
of the metnod— whether to take the prop
erty outright and operate it as a Govern
ment institution, or sell it subject to Gov
ernment control, or enlarge the powers of
the Interstate Commerce Commission to
place the regulation of all railway traffic
in the hands of the Government, or a
dozen other plans that might be imagined
for lessening the power of railroads in
general and assuring more firmly the
stability of inland commerce and the
steady progress and development of the
whole country. All this broad heid would
be opened by the defeat of the funding
bill, and would be closed for fifty years by
its adoption.
Let us take not the smallest chance of
defeat in this great initial battle. Let the
convention stick with absolute fidelity to
the text of the call which assembled it,
and let every effort be concentrated for the
present on that single issue. No dissen
sion could possibly spring from such a
course, and intemperance would find no
room in its pursuit.
POE RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
The convention of the River Improve
ment Association held in this City last
Wednesday presented a most gratifying
spectacle. Although there must have been
a large representation antagonistic to
hydraulic mining, and although there is
an intimate relation between that industry
and the opening of the rivers of the State
to navigation, the ancient hostility was
wisely kept in the background, and the
convention confined itself to the grand
proposition of securing Government recog
nition of the necessity for improving our
natural highways of commerce. It would
have been easy to weaken if not destroy
the fight which the convention has so
earnestly begun by demanding that ail
undertaking 3to make the rivers navigable
should be made contingent on the sup
pression of hydraulic mining.
By taking this dignified and patriotic
attitude, the convention has won the ad
miration and sympathy of all classes.
There should be no niggardliness in sup
plying with funds the rive delegates who
have been commissioned to represent our
interests at Washington. The simple fact
that the rivers, poor as their navigation
facilities are, are saving the State $2,000,000
annually by reason of the competition
which they offer to railway transportation,
is the foundation of a powerful argument
which our representatives can make to
the National Legislature.
It is an incredible shame that although
the richest sections of Northern and Cen
tral California might be able to do largely
without railroads, except overland lines,
we are content to give two-thirds ot our
soil products to the maintenance of a rail
road monopoly.
In view of the remarkable disclosures !
which The Call has made concerning the
extent to which Government funds are ex- j
pended at Oakland and Alameda for the '
benefit, of the railroad, it is alarming to re- !
fleet on the possible exercise of this power |
at Washington to defeat all measures pro- !
posed for the opening of our rivers. The |
affair across the bay is most scandalous,
and deserves an investigation at the hands j
of Congress. It is conceivable that the ;
Government itself is not conniving in the !
work of its local representatives, and that !
it will correct these evils upon a proper 1
showing. This should be taken up at
once by our Representatives in Congress
and considered in connection with the
needs of the State in the matter of im
proving the rivers.
THE PRIMARY LAW.
The issue raised in the Supreme Court
by a citizen of Sacramento with regard to
the primary election law of 1895 goes solely
to the point of the question as to whetner
the law is applicable to that county. That
is to say, as the law Is expressly applicable
to counties of the first and second class,
the question is the classification under
which the county of Sacramento should
come. While there is grave uncertainty
concerning the rule of county classifica
tion, and while this may possibly be re
garded by the Supreme Court as a suffi
cient ground upon which to base a ques
tion of the constitutionality of the law,
still the general rule of the court is to con
fine iiself strictly to the issue raised. It is
likely to result, therefore, that the queis
tion of the constitutionality of the law will
not be considered.
As in any proceeding which mi&ht be
taken for testing the law with regard to its
applicability to Han Francisco the ques
tion of classification cannot be raisedj and
in view of a considerable feeling of uneasi
ness in this City that the law could not
stand a test on its merits, it seems to be an
urgent duty on the part of San Francisco
to secure an adjudication on the broad
ground of constitutionality. The law has
so many peculiar and radical features as
to offer itself as a shining target for assault
by some interested person or political
party ready to accept the benefits or im
pose the embarrassments resulting from a
successful attack upon it after its opera
tion has been carried so far that it would
be impossible to return to the plan which
the law supersedes.
The time left for making such a test is
very short, as the law requires that the
selection of electors— the lirst act in put
ting; t!ie law in operation — must be made
during this month. If anything is to be
done it should be done immediately, and
there would be no better time for securing
a decision than the date set by the Su
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1596.
preme Court for the hearing of the Sacra
mento case. That is the 28th inst. San
Francisco might find itself in an exceed
ingly embarrassing position either if the
Supreme Court in the Sacramento case
should happen to declare the law uncon
stitutional or a subsequent case, coming
from this City, should effect a similar re
sult.
CLEVELAND DISCREDITED.
Senator Mills has joined with Senator '
j Morgan in denouncing the President's
financial policy, and thus two of the lead- j
ing Democrats in the Senate put them- !
selves on record as opponents of the chief
measures of the administration. Their
; speeches are the more satisfactory to the
j public because the recent utterances in the
Senate of Hill ana Vest gave some reason
to fear that Democracy had surrendered
itself wholly to Cleveiandism, and that
the party would make no vigorous oppo
| sition to the man of the White House
whether lie demanded the retirement of
greenbacks or the re-election of himself.
The timeliness of these declarations of
independence on the part of leading Demo
j crats in Congress was curiously illustrated
j by occurrences in the House of Represen
tatives at the very time that Mills was
making his Speech in the Senate. State
ments made during the proceedings in the
House led the venerable Galosba Grow
to call attention to the increasing en
croachment o' the President upon the pre
rogatives of Congress in matters of legisla
tion and to emphasize the urgent need at
this time of resenting anything like a
further toleration of such offenses.
Another blow at Cleveiandism on the
same day as these speeches in Congress
came to the public in the letter from J. P.
i Morgan dissolving the syndicate which
had been formed to take the new bond
issue. In a recent open letter Cleveland
declared the new loan had been decided on
j by the administration without arrange
j merits with any banker or set of bankers.
| Morgan had no desire to contradict this
| statement, but he had to explain to his
j fellow bankers of the syndicate why he
; had formed it. In his letter he says he
; was invited to Washington for a confer
! ence and drew the conclusion that bonds
! would be issued, though " no negotiations
! for a loan were even suggested." The dis
tinction thus made between a " confer
ence "and a "negotiation" is altogether
1 too fine to disclose any real difference as a
J matter of business and, as a consequence,
I Cleveland is shown by the banker's letter
I not only to have conferred with one of tne
! money kings of the world before making
! the loan, but also to have made a very dis-
I creditable attempt to deny it when charged
; with it in a debate in the Senate.
The speech of Mills in the Senate and
of Grow in the House, taken in connection
with the discredit thrown upon the ad
ministration by the statements of the
Morgan letter, present the third - term
movement in a very different light from
that in which it appeared just after the
j speeches of Vest and Hill a short time
ago. Then it seemed powerful enough to
j subvert the Democracy, but at present it
| appears but a weak and futile scheme.
; Many things may, of course, take place
before the convention meets, but none of
I them are likely to increase the prestige of
, Cleveland. The movement to renominate
him has reached its height, and from this
time forth we may look to see it weaken
I and diminish steadily before an increasing
l opposition.
PEOMPTLY SUPPKESSED.
The cheerfulness with which Julius A.
Haste, Superintendent of State Dredgers
and Towboats, admitted the receipt of
commissions from those furnishing sup
plies for State use on the water front, and
the vigor and openness with which he de
fended the act as being "legitimate busi-
ness," were not more remarkable than the
promptness with which he was suppressed
when he began to make discloßures of sim
ilar practices by other heads of depart
ments.
To an ordinary citizen not invested with
prescience by the wearing of an official
crown, this would have appeared to be a
fine opportunity for the Harbor Commis
sioners at least to hear tlie charges, if for no
other purpose thau to remove the smirch
which has been cast on the fair names of
their proteges. A friend's loyalty to a
friend is an admirable thing, but in this
case it seems to have overshot its mark —
doubtless the besmirched men wouhl
rather have been whitewashed than left to
remain under the straightforward charge
of traffickers in a very mean and sinail
sort of rascality.
The present Board of Harbor Commis
sioners has done so admirably in the past
that it would be a pity for it to make a
mistake now. No one would think of ac
cusing any one of them of any oflicial
crookedness or with knowledge of or con
nivance in that particular form of petty
thievery which the acceptance of commis
sions represents. It is one thins to chal
lenge any aspersion on the fair name of a
friend and quite another to discharge an
official obligation.
PERSONAL.
Dr. B. E. Bokyta of Russia Is at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. J. Emlle Blowen of Washington, D. C, is
among recent arrivals.
E. B. Willis, editor of the Record-Union at
Sacramento, is in the City.
D. F. Fozier of the United States revenue
steamer Grant is at the Palace.
W. R. Irwln, a wealthy mining man of Mon
tana, who has been on a visit to Honolulu, is
at the Palace.
George Ohleyer, editor and owner of the Sut
ter County Farmer, is at the Grand.
O. H. J. Briggs of Si. Paul, Minn., is in the
City. Alter a visit to Portland, Or., he will re
turn to his home in Minnesota.
James H. McXabb, editor of the Petaluma
Argus, is in the City. Mr. McNabb is a veteran
in Pacific Coast journalism, and is known as
one of the best all-round newspapermen in the
State.
A letter from Apia, Samoa, says: "December
' 4 was the anniversary of Robert Louis Steven
son's dn*th. The grave on the mountain peak
j was decorated with flowers by some of the
lamented author's friends."
The Rev. Father Carlos Gandara of Guate
! ma!a City arrived here yesterday, accompanied
, by several friends. They will probably remain
! here about two months, and may go on to New
I York. They are at the Occidental.
N. M. I.c Baron of Valley Forge, one of the at
torneys employed in connection with the estate
of Hollis Hitchcock, the recently deceased mil
lionaire, Is in the City. He is accompanied by
Thomas Smith, a lessee of one of the Hitchcock
i farms at Valley Forge.
Miss Helen Dauvray, the leadinj? lady in the
j play "Our American Girls," which she cm
: ployed Bronson Howard to write for her, re
turned here from Honolulu and Melbourne
yesterday, accompanied by her sister, Mrs.
Keith. Miss Dauvray is a native Californian,
ana years ago was known at the old California
Theater as the child actress and the Little Call- j
fornia Diamond.
CALJFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— Among recent
arrivals are: £. Holliday, St. Cloud; C. W.
Marcudel, Everett; E. R. Mausey, Miss Mc-
Kinstry, Holland; S. I. Wormser, Grand; G.
G. Wolfe, Imperial.
Garner has improved on his monkey story ;
he is starting & monkey school in Calcutta
where apei will be taught to read.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Miss Sophia Claussen, the Norwegian mis
: sionary, who is at the Occidental, is an inter
esting person. She arrived "-ere on the City of
Peru, after four years among the Chinese of
Hankow and places far up the Yangtse-Kiang
River, and has had stranger experiences by far
than most of the embassadors of peace who
; visit the empire.
No European before her, except on one occa
j sion, ever ascended the great river of China to
i so distant a point. It was so far that it took a
| month and a half of traveling by sailing-boat
from Hankow.
The city reached was Yu-jang, with nearly
1,000,000 people. Tnere, because she inci
dentally walked into a "holy place," not
Miss Sophia Claussen, the Missionary of
the Yang-tse-kjang River.
realizing what it was, herself and party nar
rowly missed being attacked by the Chinese
hordes, whose prejudices had transformed
them into a mob.
But down the river at Fon-sang, another
large and very important city, where several
other missionaries of the Norwegian Lutheran
v were located, who were warned by the
Chinese to leave, greater care had, if possible,
to be exercise'!.
"It you were not very careful," said Miss
Claussen, "a stone would come hurling toward
you, and perhaps it would come anyway. You
had to be on the lookout or you would get hit.
Myself and the ladies with me frequently went
to walk. We always were on the watch. For
tunately, however, we were not attacked.
"The Chinese had, however, threatened our
friend.- there. They told them that if they did
not leave they would be driven out. They un
doubtedly would have been, too, had they not
appealed to the mandarin.
"The mandarin asserted himself in their fa
vor, and calmed the Chinese. Still our friends
who were Mstioned at Fon-Sang were a little
anxious. That is ft city where there are a good
many of the literati. They are very preju
diced, as they are at Yujang.
"We had a very delightful trip along the
Yangtse-Kiane:. The river is big, but was no
where so wide that we could not see the shore
on either side.
"There had lately teen heavy flood?, and
millions of people who bad been living along
the shores hud lost their homes. They had
been swept away. There were many Chinese
with us to manage the boit, and they had
their wives and children along.''
Miss Clausen Is going to stay in America a
year to recuperate her health from the bad
effects of the climate of Hankow, the will be
in ?an Francisco several weeks.
TOMMY ATKINS UP TO DATE.
We talc him from the nurses ard the maids;
We toad him up with suns and haversacks;
We teach him how to form a hollow square.
And what is what in marcnes and attacks;
We show him how an ultimatum works.
And how we play our little blurting came.
It matters not what he Is called abroad.
We call him Tommy Atkins, just the same.
CHORtTS.
Oh, Tommy. Tommy Atkins!
You're a good 'tin, heart and hand;
You're a credit to your wages,
And to all your blooming laud;
You're a beauty when you're a reaming
Of a war across the foam,
Bit. God help you, Tommy Atkins,
When you net away from home!
Of course, we have the world upon a slrinc;
We like to think we own the t)lno:i.i:iK earth;
What care we for the rights of other folk
While we am in the game for all it's worth?
We fancy that we run America,
(While Europe bows to us with cringing smiles
Africa and Asia are our pie)
And all the little cheap I'acific isles!
OHORCS.
Oh, Tommy! Tommy Atkins! .
You are always in the right,
But stop at home and talk, sir;
it is safer than to light.
For you must lie circumspect, sir;
There are kicks across the foam.
And God help you, Tommy Atkins,
If you get away from home!
'—New York Evening Sun.
: ■ ■ -
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Engelbero— A. X., City. The late Emil A.
Engelborg, one of the pioneer bakers of this
City, was born in Boras, Sweden, April 4, 1821.
FOKKIGHKBS Can Enlist— D. L., Santa Anita,
Los Angeles County, Cal. A foreigner can en
list in the United States navy, but when he
does so hp must lake the oath" to support the
constitution of the United States.
Marquis of Lorne— J. J. M., Hart, Shasta
County, Cql. Sir John George Edward Henry
Douglass Sutherland Campbell, courtesy Mar
quis 01 Lome, eldest son of the Duke of Argylo,
was appointed Governor-General of Canada In
18-8 and held that office until ISB3.
A Private Line— J. A., City. If the owners
of houses do not object to a wire being run
over them a person could run a short private
line for amnteur telegraphing without other
permit, but if there is any objection the person
would huve to obtain permission through the
Board of Supervisors.
Books on Mining— A. 0., La Grange, Stanis
laus County, Cal. As Answers to Correspond
ents does not advertise the merits of any books,
it cannot tell which is "the best book on min
\ ing for the use of a prospector." That infor
mation may be obtained by addressing a letter
to the State Mining Bureau, this City.
Aladdin Jr.— Subscriber. The Henderson
Company that played "Aladdin Jr." at the Bald
win Theater last year came to this City in the
middle of December, 1894, opened on the 17th
and gave the last performance on Sunday, Jan
uary t>, 1895. On the following day 'Marie
Tavary and her English opera company ap
peared at the Baldwin.
Streetcar Traffic;— A. S., City. The street
cars of this City carry more passengers on Sun
day—that is, when the Sundays are briftht and
clear— than on week days. The Market-street
system carries on au average 150,000 people a
day on other days than Sunday, and on Sun
day an average" of 200,000. there is also
greater travel on Sundays on the other lines of
cars.
To Locate an Individual— Subscriber, City.
If you know that an individual is in another
State and is a taxpayer there and you desire
to locate him, but do not know in what
county he is, you might write to each County
Clerk, inclosing a self-addressed and prepaid
envelope, or you mignt address yourself to
one of the many agencies in this Cilv. who for
a consideration "will locate him for him.
Why Not a Leap Year— A., Oakland, Cal.
Tne year 1900 will not be a leap year. The
Gregorian calendar, established in 1582, then
and ever since known as the new style, was so
arranged that of the hundredth years to come,
only four hundredth years were to be bissextile
years, having 306 days, whereof the year 1600
was the first. The year 1900, not being divis
ibie by 400 is nota'leap year. Any of the hun
dredth years that cannot be divided by 400
was not nor cannot be a ieap year.
Tax en Certificates— A. 8., City. The law
in regard to a tax on certificates of mining and
other corporations is as follows:
It shall br lawful for the secretary of every cor
poration in the State of California to demand and
receive from any person of any person requiring
the issne to him" of any certificate of slock in such
corporation a fee of iO cents in coin for each cer
tificate, whether such certificate be the oi
issue or an issue on transfer, and such secretary
shall not deliver such certificate until such fee
shall be paid.
Community Property— M. P., City. Tho
answer to the question, "If a woman marries a
man without means aDd he afterward becomes
possessed of property is it community property
and has the wife a leeal right to it?" is to be
found in the following sections of the Civil
Code of this State:
All property owned by the husband before mar
riage and that acquired afterward by Rift, bequest,
devise or descent, with the rents, issues and profits
thereof, is bis separate property.
All other property acquired after marriage by
either husband or wile, or both, is community
property.
Community property is property acquired by
husband and wife, or either, during marriage when
not acquired as the separate property of either.
Blue and Bkc wn fob Gun* Barrels— J. A., j
City. Gun ban- Is are blued by applying a
small quantity t nitric acid, which is allowed
10 eat into the s^el a little: the latter becomes
covered with a ■f.m of oxide, after which the i
barrel is Pleaneajoiler; and burnished. To im
part a brown cjtor to a gun barrel the barrel
is first rubbed arid polished and then rubbed j
with whiting : remove oily matter. The
openings of the barrel are closed and then a
coming of a mix'ire of equal parts 01 butter of
antimony and g'^eet oil is applied with either
cloth or sjiongi /, the whoie surface being
equally moistemVl. This is allowed to remain
for a day when t is rubbed off with a stiff
brash. The m ture is tlien applied afrain i
until the prop*./ shade of color is obtained.
When the desirvi tint has been produced the
barrel is washed in penrl-a>h water, then in i
clear water and polished with cither a burn
isher or beeswax"
FROM WT.STERN SANCTUMS.
Battle, of Brave Words.
I.c Angeles Times.
It must beag:'?ed thai the dispatches reek
with war news, l.'it the actual fighting is prob
ably afar off.
Soldier* "Who Bun Away.
Grass Valley Union.
Defaulting cashiers now go to Cuba to join
the insurgents instead of going to Canada to
join the '-colonists."
That Lively Sick Turkey.
Quincy Bulletin.
Turkey is styled the "Sick Man" of Europe,
\ but he seems sufficiently strong and sangui-
I nary to massacre thousands of Armenians, and
civilized nations appear to be too "sick" to ar
rest his bloody work.
Three Big Pawnbrokers.
Gait Gazette.
Some clever cartoonist should picture a sign
j of the three gilded balls, with Cleveland and
; Carlisle's name as a sign, and Uncle Sam pawn
| ing his bag and baggage. These gentlemen
seem to think that the only way to run the
finances of the country is to put the Nation
"in soak."
A City of Whistles.
Stockton Record.
Why not call Stockton the city of whistles?
I The term would be forcible in us application.
| The factory whistles are heard all over the city,
while the whistles on the big steamers along
the wharves echo to the blasts of the locomo
: tives, in few other towns of the same size will
i be heard the blowing of so many whistles as one
, daily hears in Stockton.
Keep Her Feet Where They Belong.
Los Angeles Herald.
The present predicament of England with
| her toes so miscellaneously distributed over
' the globe that almost every other nation seems
to be treading on them is worthy the serious
consideration of those indiscriminate annexa
tionists of our own country who desire to see
i the power of the United States spread out thin
: over the world's surface.
The Right to Speedy Trial.
Kapa Journal.
The right of a trial by- jury guaranteed by!
j the constitution of the United States was not i
| intended to b; a farce, but the action of a Po
| lice Judge of San Francisco comes very near |
j making it appear to be one. A man was ar
rested un a charge oi vagrancy. He demanded
; a jury trial and the Police Judge set a date in
: July next for his trial. In other words he sen
i tenced the man to six months' imprisonment
without either examination or trial.
CURRENT HUMOR.
After p woman has tied up a bundle there is
no string left in the house.— Atchison C.lobe.
Wat;??— How is Byker getting on as a whcel
mnn'.'
Gaggs— Oh, he gets on ail right, but he imme
diately falls off.
No, Madge, dear. Because a man strikes a
match on the sole of his shoe he must not
necessarily be considered light on his feet.—
Philadelphia Record.
Author— What do you think of the title,
"Some Thoughts on the Currency Question."
Friend— H'm! Suppose you call it "Some
Remarks on the Currency Question."— ruck.
Alleviated Woe— Dreadful about that buiglar
takinc your diamond scarfpin, wasn't it?
"Well, it might have been worse. He took my
necktie, too — the one my wife gave me Christ
mas."—Chicago Record.
In ch-onicling the funeral of a highly re
spected citizen the report of a contemporary
thus concludes: "He leaves a daughter ami
three sons, his widow having pre-deceased
him."— London Household Words.
KRte— Just look! These boots are ever so
much too big.
Mary— Yes; you must have given him the
number of your street instead of the number
of your shoe. — Boston Transcript.
Workman— Mr. Brown, I should like to ask
you for a small raise in my wages. I have just
been married.
Employer— Very sorry, my dear man, but I
can't help you. For accidents which happen
to our workmen outside of the factory the com
pany is not responsible.— Fliegende Blaetter.
Mrs.Newed— ls your husband a domGstic man?
Mrs. Henpeck— He's the only domestic we
keep. I have taught him to cook and wash
dishes very nicely.— Philadelphia Record.
LADY'S SKIRT "WITH ADJUSTABLE
BOX-PLEAT IN FRONT.
The pattern Bhown here is especially liked
for lightweight silks. It also develops well in
the lightweight crepons, and may be made
without the box-pleat in front.
A charming evening dress of pink taffetns
with a black stripe was trimmed with black
satin ribbons run through a creamy lattice
work of batiste, as shown In the illustration
The waist had a Mack chiflon bodice, with
short puffed sleeves of the silk. Three strips
of the batiste, with black satin run through
them, formed bretelle trimming on both back
and front of the waist.
A blue dotted mull dress had a ruffle of na-
row Valenciennes lace on the edges of the
double box-pleat. The waist was made with a
biouse front, which was also made with a
double box-pleat edged with lace. The Bhort
j puffed sleeves had four rows of lace from
[ shoulder to the elbow.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
ON THE POPULIST PLATFORM.
In Rr.-poNSK to tut Challenge of Mr. Oliveb
Etxbxtt.
Tn the Editor of the San FrcmcttCO Call— Slß:
There are three substantial reasons for "the
frequency with which the Populist," under
signed, "airs his views in your COlfl
namely: The 8000 citizens in this City and the
60,000 in the State who voted the populist
ticket at the last election ore now looking to
The Call, that speaks for all, as a eenuine,
broad-guage newspaper of the most advanced
order in which the news of the world may be ]
found in due proportion to its value and im- i
portance; in the next place, it is not a feeble .
journal and so uncertain of its own growth as
to be afraid to give place in its ample columns ;
lo views on the vital issues of the day which it
does not Inculcate in its editorial utterances; j
and, in the third place.it has sufficient faith .
in the stability and strength of the political
party whose interests it seeks to promote as to
leel ho uneasine=s over an occasional publica- ;
tion of a little "letter from the people' 1 written
by a Populist. j
Mr. Everett calls himself a socialist, and his j
first charge against tne Populist platform is that ;
its throe Issues— a legal tender National money
Issued by the Government only, the ownership
by the <iovernment of the- railroad and tele
graph systems and (he destruction of corporate
and alien land monopoly— "are merely tem
porary palliatives." It is my purpose to show
that his position is untenable, and as he -
to be a candid man and to take himself seri
ously, he will certainly admit his error on !
conviction and reflection.
In common with citizens of all shades of ;
political faith. Populists hold that there are ;
three gigantic and oppressive evils in the land,
the direct results of clothing corporations with
the functions of government, and they pro
claim as an adequate and sovereign remedy ;
for the permanent cure of these evils the restor-
Btion of these functions to the Government,
where of right they belong, and they base j
their plea on the axiom adopted as the founda- :
tion of this Government, "By all, for all." i
Now, to go at once to the root of the matter under :
discussion, that is. the cure of the public evils
designated in the Populist platform, let us see
whether the remedy proposed in that plat
form is in fact merely a temporary palliative.
Suppose, for illustration, that the postal sys
tem under Cleveland should be transferred
from the Government to corporate ownership i
and control to obtain some millions of gold to ;
"keep up the credit of the Government" by
placing it in the treasury as a gold reserve to
be drawn out again with greenbacks at the
pleasure of the great bankers, and the new .
postoffice owners should follow the corporate
rule of taxing the traffic ail it will bear ana ;
raise the price of a letter stamp iroin 2 to 3
cents ana cause great hardship and loss to the
people and business, would it not be an ade
quate and sovereign remedy for this crying
postal evil to restore it to the Government?
Would it not cure that evil?
The three most profitable, powerful and dan- i
gerous corporations to-day, the most corrupt- :
ing and oppressive, are the railroad, telegraph
and banking corporations, as almost even.' in- i
telligent citizen will unhesitatingly admit in |
private conversation, ami the National curse of ;
their corporate extortion would instantly i
cease the day the Government resumed the
functions unwisely or corruptly granted to
these monstrous corporations. No man of I
sound mind and good intelligence, unbiased j
by corporate influence, has a single doubt in ■
the present siate of public enlightenment as to
the correctness of this statement. Would it be |
merely a temporary palliative to dethrone these
great corporations and restore the functions
;hey now exercise to the Government, where!
they belong? Is Mr. Everett ready to say no?
I "can only maku a brief reference now to i
other points in >!r. Everett's temperate and j
dignified letter. The one weak point in the
arguments of all advocates of the Socialist I.a
bor party is that a "step at a time," which is I
the policy of the People's party, is evidence |
that Populists "liave not the perseverance to j
continue to think," and "cannot see the j
greater beauties that lie beyond" in the de- '
lee table mountains of realized socialism. !
Railway trains cross the continent with one I
revolution of the far wheels at a time, and i
great ocean steamships cross the broad I'aciiic
by one turn at a time ot the propeller. Chil- '
: clrcn in school pass from the lower to the j
higher grade, and never begin the school j
course in the State university. Socialists of j
; the Everett cult should lt-arn to fly and then *
teach the less "advanced" the science. No, j
that would not do, for flying itself is done by <
. one stroke of the wings at a time.
The one thing which the champions of the j
.Socialist La hor party kcki never to have dis
covered, with their eyes i;xe«l in steadfast gaze
a..<i rapt admiration upon the delectable
mountains of socialism in the enchanting dis
tance, Is tne awfully dull and prosaic fact that ,
y is a plant of slow growth, the century
plant being a veritable Jonah's gourd in com
parison. Ln fact the gigantic sequoias of our
mountains, said to be contemporaneous with
Soloruoi 1 .. afford v* a better illustration of the
: time it takes for the establishment of a just
mid humane Government. Onestepat a time
through all the ages past has now made it pos
: jr the free speecn and the right to or
• ganize enjoyed uy the Socialist Labor
party and "all other-. One step at a
time, one plank as an issue, made the
Republican party that elected Lincoln in 1800,
and it has ruled the Nation for thirty vearsaud
! has dreams of a long future. As a i'cjpulist I
- nfess that I believe in one step at a time in
politics, as parties are now managed, and I
hat the step this year will be a solid
I and lasting union of all reform forces on
! the great finnneial issue and the greatest
' issue of all, direct legislation.
In conclusion, it is a pleasure for me to add
that I am iv full and hearty accord, as I thint
! all intelligent Populists are, with Mr. Everett
on the land question.
Joseph Asbuby Johnson.
II Essex street, January 15, 1896.
THE HALE AND NORCHOSS.
I A Point That Seems Not to Have Been Sug
gested at the Argument.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
In the Hale and Norcross appeal, argued yes
terday in the Supreme Court, the vital ques
tion decisive ot the case seems not to have been
suggested at the argument. So far as this ap
peal is concerned the judgment must be re
gurded as final. It is not an interlocutory and
must be a final judgment. Neither the former
i decision of the Supreme Court, ordering this
j judgment, nor the present proceedings of the
Superior Court, for the purpose of obtaining
tin additional judgment upon the issues sent
oaek by the Supreme Court to be retried, can
be considered on this appeal. The effect of
this finwl judgment on the proceedings, now
being had in t!ie Superior Court, and
the additional judgment that may be
recovered thereon, can only come up
and be considered on the appeal
from such additional judgment. If this hnal
judgment, now on appeal, is a merger of the
entire suit, that matter can only be made a de
fense in the present proceedings in the Superior
Court ana can be considered only by the Su
preme Court on the aDpeal from the additional
judgment that may be rendered in the Superior
Court on such proceedings. The Supreme
Court, on the "latter appeal, can then deter
mine whether the former final judgment is
such merger, and whether the plaintiff, by
taking <juch final judgment in the case, is es
topped from further proceedings in the case,
and from recovering an additional judgment.
An Old Practitioner.
San Francisco, January 16, 1896.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mrs. Emma Walker Herr of Lexington, Ky.,
has been elected enrolling clerk of the Ken
tucky State Senate.
Miss Sibyl Sanderson's ambition is to become
a singer. At the Paris Grand Opera recently
she tried the part of Gildea in "Rigoletto."
John Russell Young is still in Mexico, where,
with his private secretary, Ralph Meeker, he
went to gather material ior a life of General
Ulysses S. Grant.
After forty-two years of service as lady-in
waiting to Queen Victoria the Dowager Duch
ess of Athol is about to resign. She was Mis
tress of Roexjs in the Earl Derby's first admin
istration In 1852 and also under Lord Rose
bery.
Daniel F. Tieman, the oldest living ex-Mayor
of New York, and of whose predecessors" in
that office none is living, is to-day quietly cele
brating the ninety-first anniversary of his
birth. He was electeu Mayor in 1857 and held
the offics for the two succeeding years.
John McCullough, M. P. for Glasgow, lec
tured the other evening at Hull House, Chi
cago, on "Some Great Problems Which Con
front the Anglo-Saxon Race." He took the
ground that the single tax on land is the only
solution of every industrial problem.
The old ana historic pine tree that stood on
the banks of the Delaware on the property of
Samuel Swain at Bristol was cut down the
other day. When General Lafayette made his
journey to Philadelphia more than seventy
years ago his carriage stopped beneath this
pine.
Prince Henry of Orleans, the spendthrift gon
of the Due de Chartres, who has been explor
ing in Asia, expects to reach Paris in February
He has traveled more than 2000 miles in Ton
kin, the Chinese Mekong, Thibet and Assam
three-quarters of the distance through districts
previously unexplored and has made large
natural history collections.
Prince Scipione Borghe»e, having married a
rich wife last year, is about to buy back for
1,700,000 francs the l J a':az.:o Borghese In Home
which his father was obliged to sell
years ago in consequence of hi# speculutio:i3
in Roman real estate
M Andre of Stockholm, who will attempt to
reach the north pole by balloon, is having hia
balloon built in Parts. It is to be finished on
May ll when it will be transported to i
burg, and then to a small island in (fee
bergen group, whence the expedition will start.
A MEXICAN DIPLOMAT.
After Twelve Yeiirs' .Experience He la
Joining the Legation Near
Tokio.
Edmundo J- Plaza, for seven years past
secretary of the Mexican legation at
Washington, D. C, and now appointed to
the secretaryship of the legation at Tok;o,
is at the Palace. Prior to bein<r in Wash
ington he was secretary of the Mexican
legation at Paris.
Secretary Piaza says there are throngs
of people in Washington now, and that
the sky was clear and the day? altogether
T>leasa:it. Congress being reassem bled and
now down to a jxood working condition
the galleries are filled nearly every day.
. "1 think 1 never saw a liner passenger
train than the one from >'ew Orleans to
San Francisco," said the secretary. "For
the whole distance of 2480 miles it was on
time at every station. It scarcely rained a
minute. Then the cars ware luxurious
and the comforts of the best. The weather
was pleasant all the way through."
The secretary will leave for Tokio on the
Peru to-day. He bears tne marks of an
accomplished diplomat. He has been
twelve years in the diplomatic service.
The Wilson Estate.
The estate of J. H. B. Wilson, worth $2500,
has been distributed to his four half sisters
and to his nephew by Judge Slack. Wilson's
real name was Bpnrway. When quite young
he joined the British navy, but deserted soon
after and came to .San Francisco. Here he
took the name of Wilson. His estate was about
to escheat to the Government, but his relatives
in England heard of his death and made ap
plication for his estate. Upon proof of their
kinship the estate was awarded to them.
Public Railroads.
The American Society of Socialists, which
meets at Mozart Hall, 1358 Market street, to
night, will be addressed by James H. Barry of
the Star and Emil Leiss of the Tageblatt
upon the subject of public ownership of rail
roads. To-night's meeting will be devoted to
the consideration of Southern Pacific methods,
how its dynasty has been acquired and its
influence upon the State of California. The
meeting is open to the public
Townsesd's special sale— Fresh cream mixed
candies, 15c a pound; worth 33c. •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
flipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Husband's Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. •
Side Showman— Step in, gents, and see the
armless wonder trim his finger nails with his
feet. Most wonderful performance.
Doubting Thomas— lf he's armless he can't
have any finger nails to trim.
Showman— True; that's what makes it so
wonderful. Step up, gents. — Philadelphia
Record.
Desires a Speedy Trial.
J. C. Howe, proprietor of a Commercial
Printing Office at 630 Clay St., wants a trial to
convince business men that he can save them
50 per cent in the cost of their office stationery
and printed matter. Telephone Main 5989.
Madge— l remember a few years ago that she
was seeking a hero.
Marjorie— She got bravely over that. She's
now oa the lookout for & fool with plenty of
money.— Life.
Rutet" matikm is a painful and weakening disease
due to impure blood. Keep Jhe blood pure by
taking Hood's Sarsaparilla and you will prevent
and avoid the pains of rheumatism.
"Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup"
lias been used over fifty years by millions of moth
ers for their children while Teething with perfect
success. It soothes the child, softens the gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
end is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sals ay
Druggists in every part of the world. Basuruaai
ask lor .airs. Window's Soothing Syrujv vtaa a
bottle.
Cobovado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel da!
toronado, $60; longer stay f2 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., s-an .Francisco.
"Some folks think this Venezuelan affair will
be settled without trouble, but I'll be dag-on if
I do," said Mr. Jeson as the crowd about the
grocery stove made room for the old man. "I
never see one of these line fence quarrels yit
that didn't wind up in a fight."— lndianapolis
Journal.
TOW TO-DAT.' ■'
WHAT PEOPLE!!
ABOUT THE:::
NEW REMEDY
Mitchell's
Magic
Lotion
"Remarkable Pain Eradlcator."
An Extraordinary Compound."
"Wonderful How Quickly it Acts.»
''works Like a Charm."
'Have No Dread of Felons Now."
It is Named Just Right.'*
"a Perfect Marvel of Certainty."
| Does More Than is Claimed for It."
Effect Was Like Magic."
Try it ir you ache or get hurt, have a
j Sore Throat, Head Cold, Burn or Neu-
ralgia. Can't hurt a child. Be sure
and read the directions.
Fill a small teacup with Lotion; when
half evaporated cover and keen for
EXTJSKXAL l-SK. When dry add
Lotion to cover the sediment and use
for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, .Sprains all
pains, and Sciatic or Asthmatic
troubles.
\%3**J DAILY \!l
yfcTsPEC 8 Ai,-J
h Friday, Jan. 17th. To-day only.
If . Red Table Damask, 25
|| cent kind, limited quan-
ta tity at 15. cents a yard.
/til Complete lists at your command.
\tU Laxjres: Department btore.
JJ Smiths' Cash Store,
: ■*• 41 4, 41 6, 41 8 Front St., s. F.FRIDAY JAXUAHY 17, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thfatkk.— " Camille."
California Thkatkk—-' Romeo and Juliet."
Columbia Thfatkk- "The Senator."
Mobosco's Opera-House— " A Long Lane."
Tivoi.iOpeka-House.— "lxionior, The Man of
the Wheel."
Orpbkum.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Gbovkr's AwAZAE.-"My Precious Baby."
Shoot the Chtttks.— Dally at Haigat street
rre block east of the Park.
Facts Coast Jockey Ci.ub.— Racea.
AUCTION SALES.
Easton A Ki.pi i no f..— Tuesday. January 21
Heal Estate, at 63S Market street, at 12 o'clock
noon.
IHtuwix & IIAMMONn.— Thursday* January 23,
Real Ksta:*. at 10 .Montgomery -■•
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF.
I City Items are to te found on this page
of i) > Cali even day.
Hobari Chetwood has resigned from St.
pal mission.
The decree of final distribution has been en
tered in the famous Blythe i
The Weather Bureau promises "cloudy
weather, with showers," for Han Francisco.
irdini, accused of wronging young
. mal before Judge Wallace yester-
The Grand I.od.ee of the Independent Order
of K'nai B'rith will hold its annual meeting on
Sunday.
Mayor Sutro has received a set of resolutions
Itiiens of Coluaa in protest
the funding bill.
storm raged furiously all night on the
bay and alone the wtit^r front, and a number
. vessels went adrift.
E. 11. Mi - ea In the injunction
Fuit brought by the railroad company against
the Railroad Commissioners.
The winners at [ngleside (rack yesterday
were : Robin 11 . ■ ... Uabe
Murphy, Braw Scot and Thornhill.
The irH'li' an.l finance committee of the
the free mar
eting.
The committee investigating tin* threatened
Japanese invasion <■ t manufactured goods met
-;i>- !::,il received some valuable reports.
- been appointed assignee of
ra of Alfred Clarke under his peti
- ilvency. The bond was :;xed at
(100.
Horace W. Philbrook has received a writ of
: tdge Sanderson to allow
plead in a i-asc in which he purchased
an int^
- mask ball will be
::on at
b Institute of Art on Tuesday even
ing. February 18.
sion of the Independi at Order
ith will be held in B'nai B'rith Hail
Feral important matters will
up for consideration.
The schoolteacl □ Francisco have
a bed at the Children's Hospital to
perpetuate the memory of a. J. Moulder, the
d' ceased Superintendent
Hannah and Lizzie Desmond, two important
witnesses for the prosecution of Captain Peter
F. I.ane, who disappeared at the time of Lane's
arrest, were captured by the police last night.
The Qange of San Francisco
rganized. with Walter Turnbull as
at. a list ol the leading mining men
larter members is published elbe-
Camellia Roderiguez, a cigarmaker livmp at
; alley, was knocked down by a
d electric car last ui?ht, and one of "his
legs was broken and his elbow crushed to
- sultof the efforts of the grievance
of the brotherhood of Railroad
men t'.ve men who had been discharged
by the Southern Pacific c ompauv have been
led.
nel B. Thompson, The aped vendor of
nei\^]>t,].ers, was taken from the City Prison
aced in h : .in the Receiving
::1 until lie be examined by the Insanity
Comm
The demurrer of M. R. Hicgins to the com-
I :n which Ji. C. Gesford seeka to oust
him from the
-Ui-tained. The plaintin has
to amend.
The committee on commerce met yesterday
'. lo «-k Congress for $200,000 to
pay for minute survey- tiona in the
r and for the commencement of opera
:•> remove them.
Advocates of Government ownership of rail
nm'is have ernor iiudd to preside
over a convention to tx . demand that
the National authoriti- the Govern
ment montage on the Central Pacific.
Mrs. E, L. Charlton and C. A. Rix, the elop
rom Kansas City, will be before
Bahrs to-day on habea- corpus. Rix is
anxious :.. regain his liberty before his com
panion'a hu:-!jaiid arrives from the Enst.
The [>i>sta: are ureinir congress to
sifying the service h:kl re-
Meetings are to be held on
Saturday v: .. respectively, by the
National Railway Mnil
ii ami National Postoffice
>n to take some action toward
fcccuring Coi:. . :..;ion.
THE STOCKTON INSTITUTE.
Officers Elected for tho Year at a
Pleasant Gathering.
At the monthly meeting of Stockton
il No. 5, Y. M. 1., held at their hull
Wednesday evening, District Deputy
I President R. B. Trefry installed the
follow ra to serve for the ensuing
Oullahan; first
vice- ,J. D. Harkins; second
vice-president. C. F. Campbell; recording
ary, .1. .1. Roan; financial secretary,
P. D.Campbell; corresponding secretary,
John Murphy; treasurer, .!. H. Smith;
I 'aley ; sureeon, I»r. Wii
liam E. Gibbons; inside sentinel, J. .1.
McNamara; outsiie sentinel, E. J.
i: executive committee —A. V.
Bcanlan, John Barrett and J. I. Heffei
man.
After the installation ceremonies re
menta were served and a smoker
held. A. programme of exercise?, consist
ing of songs asd r< citations, was presented,
in which Joseph Sweeney, M. J. Kyan and
L. EL Qiovanessi each rende
No. 5, V. M. 1., will
celeij: ington's birthday ( Febru
ary 11) in a fitting manne-, and a com
mittee has been appointed to arrange a
amnie of exercises for the occasion.
It is expected that speakers from H^n
Francisco wiU be present, and also that
the musical and literary features will be
excellent.
Cowles' Damage Suit.
Service upon the Southern Pacific was made
yesterday by United States Marshal Baldwin's
deputies in the $25,000 damage suit Drought
by E. K. Cowlea at Los Angeles lor being
ejecied from one of the company's trains at
I'uente, in Los Angeles County, on January (j.
Cowles pays he purchased a ticket at Chicago
on November 5 last year entitling him to a
trip from Los Angeles to Tucson, Ariz., but that
the conductor to refused to honor it.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE PME/\KANSAS|
BABYy^XciTrj
Cured o^jVgjlrf^^Bj the
DisJgniiiig nx y^ CDTICCRA
ECZEMA N^ REMEDIES
Our baby when three weeks old was badly af-
Cictcd with Eczema. Her bead, arms, neck, limbs,
and nearly tvery Joint in her body was raw ana
bleeding when »c concluded to try CUTICURA.
Kkmf.die*. We beßsn with CUTICCKA (oint-
ment) and CcTici;nA Soap, and after t fie first
application we could see * change. After we naa
used them one week some of the sort* had lieaiea
entirely, and ceated to spread. In less thai) a
month, she was tree from scales and blemishes, ana
to-day has as lovely kin and hair as any child.
She was shown at the (Jranjje Fair, and took a
premium as the prettiest baby, over sixteen others.
Jin. 4 Mrs. PAUK, IGO9 Bclleview Aye.. Kan. City.
»T«rjw£tr«. routs X>xcokCasi(.C«Br.|fi<>*t9a>
DR. BROWN CHOSE
THE COMMITTEE
The Pastor Is Criticized for
Selecting His Own
Judges.
ONLY SECRET SESSIONS.
Deacon Dexter Thinks Dr.
Brown Made a "Slight
Mistake."
SOME SPEAK MUCH STRONGER.
Dr. Pond and Mr. Wikoff Were on
the Trial of the Eureka Pastor
Who Sinned.
Some of the congregation of the church
of which the Rev. Pr. Charles O. Brown is
still the pastor are dissatisfied with the
manner in which the committee that is to
try the charges against the pastor was ap
pointed. Their claim is that the congre
gation itself should have had the choosing
of t liar investigating committee, but that
Dr. Brown took the power out of the con
gregation's hands by boldly announcing,
without warrant under the rules of the
church, that the standing committee would
do the investigating.
One of the lady members of the congre
gation says she called Dr. Brown's atten
tion to the fact that this course was tan
tamount to his appointing his own
committee, but that he curtly retorted by
referring her to article 5 of the church
rules, and declined to discuss the matter
further.
Now there are indications that this course
is not entirely satisfactory to a good many
of the members, and it may be that there
are further rocks ahead for the Rev. Dr.
Brown.
His action in publicly calling upon a
lady reporter, who was neither a casual
attendant nor member of the congregation,
the other evening at prayer meeting, and
asking her to lead in prayer, is condemned
very generally, even by the friends of the
troubled pastor. Deacon Dexter himself
has remarked that he thought it was a
'•slight mistake." while some others put
the matter in stronger phrase.
Secretary Westcate of the standing com
mittee selected by Dr. Brown to investigate
his official conduct yesterday notified the
Bay Association committee of the commit
tee's readiness to act in conjunction with
it. Just when this work will begin, how
ever, seems extremely doubtful. Rev. Mr.
Wikoff is away on a visit, and it is prob
able that the joint committee will await
his return before formally organizing.
According to Dr. Williams, however,
there will be no delay whatever in the in
vestigation. The joint committee will
undertake to arrange for a succession of
meetings to continue until the charges
against Dr. Brown are probed to the
bottom. The meetings will, ofcourse.be
strictly private, but the public are to be
fully informed of such matters as the com
mittee thinks advisable. This information
will be distributed to the da ; 'y papers by
a regularly appointed press representative,
whose official life will be governed by the
correctness witn which he follows instruc
tions.
So far as can be learned no arrange
ments have been made or even contem
plated looking toward trie admission of
evidence other than that to be offered by
Dr. Brown. Miss Overman will in all
probability be called on to give her vorsion
of the affair, but as she is an equally inter
ested party any statement which she
might, make under such circumstances
would of necessity lack force and effect
iveness.
It is not thought probable that Mrs.
Tunneli will add the weight of her testi
mony to that of Dr. Brown and Miss Over
man unless she does it by deposition.
The lady, who beat a well-ordered and
successful retreat from San Francisco
immediately after the arrest of Mrs.
Davidson, is badly wanted by the defense.
They rely upon her to corroborate, un
der oath, of course, the speciiic charges
made by Mrs. Davidson, and substantiated
in part by Mrs. Thurston. Mrs. Tunneli,
however, is fighting shy of anybody who
has the appearance of a man with a sub
pena. Since she was located by The Call
last week, she has managed to keep away
from the public, a policy she will probably
oursue until after the investigation and
the trial of Dr. Brown's former class leader.
"Dr. Brown fully understands that a
man occupying his position should so live
that his life could be referred to like an
open .book," said Dr. Williams of the Bay
Association committee yesterday. "Any
good or bad act is open to criticism or
praise, and in this particular instance the
public may rely on it that Dr. Brown is a
man of much Bpirii and pride to submit
quietly to the charges that have been
made against him. He is far more anxious
for this investigation than the public seem
to think."
Dr. Williams and Dr. Brown were in col
lege at Oberlin, Ohio, and it is deemed by
the congregation but natural that they
should take a most lively and friendly in
terest in each other.
It was stated late last night by a mem
ber of the joint committee, who refused to
allow the use of his name, that a meeting
would probably be held to-day, when
definite arrangements for the investiga
tion would probably be made. He was
not in favor of any delay, and promised to
sue to it that no whitewash should be used.
WERE JUDGES BEFORE.
Dr. Pond and Rev. Mr. Wikoff
Tried a Pastor in
Eureka.
A number of Congresrationalistsin this
City began to draw x>arallels as soon as
they read that the Bay Association had
appointed Rev. W. C. Pond, Rev. H. H.
Wikoff and Rev. W. D. Williams a com
mittee to investigate the chargeß made
against Dr. Brown.
The parallels were drawn between the
investigation made by several Jocal clerey
men in the case of Rev. George M. San
born of Eureka several years ago and the
pending investigation of Dr. Brown.
Like the pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, Rev. George M. Sanborn
was a fluent and clever speaker. He had
a number of devoted followers in his
Kureka congregation, and when Rev. C.
A. Huntingdon of Eureka brought grave
charges of misconduct against him it was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
only the minority in the flock who did not
rally round the pastor, Mr. Huntingdon
insisted on an investigation, and inti
mated his willingness to paj all expenses,
a provision which he fulfilled. Several
San Francisco clergymen were called upon
to act as investigators, and by a somewhat
odd coincidence two of their number were
Rev. W. C. Pond and Rev. H. H. Wikoff,
the gentlemen who have been called upon
to investigate Dr. Brown's case.
The trial was held in Eureka, at first
with open doors, but as evidence began to
come in it was decided to make the ses
sions strictly executive. The result of the
conference was favorable to Mr. Sanborn,
and after giving their verdict Key. Dr.
Pond, Key. H. H. "Wikoff and the other
ministers took the steamer to this City.
By the next steamer Rev. George H. San
born, the rehabilitated pastor came. He
was accompanied by the runaway wife of
a Eureka citizen, who passed off here as
the lawful spouse of Rev. George Sanborn.
l^ince his flight the Eureka pastor has
ceased to wear the title of reverend. At
present he is in the East pursuing the
humble but honest trade of a book agent, a
career for which his glib tongue particu
larly fits him.
Key. Dr. Pond, who is said to have done
more to call out the result of the investi
gation than any other pastor concerned,
said yesterday when questioned on the
subject:
"People make a mistake in supposing
that Mr. Sanborn was whitewashed. We
returned the Scotch verdict of 'Not
proven,' because we did not consider that
the evidence warranted us in giving a ver
dict of guilty.
"I regret to say that Mr. Sanborn turned
out very badly afterward, but the charges
brought against him were not of the
nature of the offense which he committed
later.
"Rev. C. H. Huntingdon accused Mr.
Sanbcrn of falsehood. The charge was
denied and as Mr. Sanborn refused to sub
mit to a trial an ex-parte council was
called, which tried him anyway. There is
no parallel between this case and that of
Dr. Brown, for from the beginning the
pastor of the First Congregational Church
has courted investigation."
Rev. Dr. Pond was thoroughly enthusi
astic over Dr. Brown's eagerness to have
the alleged charges investigated.
'"It stands to reason," he said, "that Dr.
Brown knows the result of the trial will be
favorable to himself, otherwise he would
not have asked for an investigation. We
shall sift ail the evidence we can secure,
but nothing will be made public till after
Mrs. Davidson's trial." Dr. Pond also in
timated that as the ministerial committee
had been given full rower to act as the
members saw tit, it was not improbable
that they would add to their number by
calling upon people of more weight and
authority in the community than them
selves. "When asked whether Rev. Dr.
McLean was likely to be selected, Dr. Pond
said:
"It speaks very well for Dr. Brown that
he wants Dr. McLean. They have differed
on several issues, and the fact of Dr.
.Brown's wanting him shows that he does
not fear the result of even Dr. McLean's
investigation."
TO CARE FOR WANDERERS.
School Directors Are Figuring
on a Place of De
tention.
Superintendent Babcock Receives In
formation on the Boston
School.
In pursuance of its idea of providing a
school near this City where wayward and
truant children can be cared for, as they
are in other cities of the country, the
Board of Education has been in corre
spondence with other municipalities, with
a view to ascertaining how such institu
tions are conducted. Superintendent of
Schools Babcock received the following
letter from Superintendent Beaver of the
Boston public schools yesterday :
Boston Public Schools. j
SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE, Jan. li, 1896. S
Mr. 11. fiabcock, Superintendent of Public
Schools, San Francisco, — Deaf. Sir: With
this 1 send you copies of the laws of this com
monwealth, under which the Parental School
of this city has been established.
The school was opened in September last,
and its operation thus far has been full of
promise. Its career has been too brief for any
one to draw conclusions therefrom, or for there
being any literature in relation to the instruc
tion. Yours very respectfully,
Edwin P. Reaver,
Superintendent of Public Schools.
Chapter 282. An art to provide for the estab
lishment of a school for truants and absentees
from school in the county of Suffolk.
Be it enacted, etc., as follows:
Fcctionl.The <:itv of Boston shall forth
with, upon being requested thereto by the
school committee of said city, establish o"n the
mainland, at some place removed from insti
tutions occupied by criminal or vicious per
sons, a parental school for the confinement
discipline and Instruction of minor children
convicted in the county of Suffolk under sec
tions 10 and 12 of chapter 48 of the Public
Statutes.
Sec. 2. As soon as said school is prepared for
the reception of pupils, all 6uch children then
under commitment in said city, at Deer Island
or elsewhere, shall be transferred thereto, and
thereafter nil suck children convicted under
said sections shall be committed to said school.
Sec. 3. Said school shall be under the general
charge of the Commissioner of Public Instruc
tions of said city. The school department of
said school shall be subject to the visitation
mid Inspection of the school committee of Bos
ton, and the studies and examinations therein
shall be under the supervision and regulation
of said school committee and Commissioner of
Public Instructions jointly. Every teacher em
ployed in said school shall hold a certificate of
his qualifications from said school committee
Section 10 of chapter 48 of the Public Statutes
of Massachusetts:
Each town shall make all needful provisions
and arrangements concerning habitual truants
and children between 7 and 15 years of age
who may be found wandering about hi the
Streets or public places therein and growing
up in ignorance; and shall make such by-laws
us shall be most conducive to the welfare of
such children and to me good order of such
town ; and shall provide suitable places for the
confinement, discipline and instruction of
such children. Such by-laws may be approved
by the Judge of Probate of the county, as well
as in the manner provided for the approval of
other by-laws by section '21 of chapter 27.
S-.-ction 12 of chapter 48 of the Public Stat
utes oi Massachusetts:
Any minor convicted under a by-law made
under section 10 of being an habitual truant,
or of wandering about in the street and public
places of a city or town, having no lawful em
ployment or business, not attending school,
and growing up in ignorance, shall be com
mitted to any institution of instruction or
suitable situation provided for the purpose
under the authority of said section or by-law'
for a term not exceeding two years.
The department desires if expedient to
establish such a school here to prevent the
sending of ignorant and wandering chil
dren to penal institutions where they are
in danger of corruption from contact with
confirmed criminals.
Last Night' Alarms.
An alarm was turned in through box 324 at
6:15 o'clock last evening for a burning chim
ney in a frame residence on Sacramento street,
near Broderick. A few minuteß later an
alarm sounded from box 325 for a chimney
lire in a dwelling-house on California .street",
near Ceniral avenue, in both cases the
damage was slight. The storm crossed wires
all over town and bells rang ri-peau-dly in con
sequence of the disturbance thus caused.
Scott & 3lcCord.
Office and main warehouse removed to Gls
and (517 Sixth street, near Brannan. •
JUGGLES MALIETOA'S COIN
Shrewd President Schmidt of
Samoa Looks Out for
Number One.
MANY DISSATISFIED NATIVES
Consul-General Mulligan on the Fail
ure of the Treaty and Tyranny
of the Germans.
J. H. Mulligan, Consul-General from the
United States to Parnoa, arrived here yes
terday, and is at the Lick. He is on" his
way to his home at Lexington, Ky., for a
vacation.
General Mulligan is a lawyer and has
also had experience as an editor. He has
original ideas about the rights of the
natives of Samoa and on the subject of
taxes there. He gives the Germans a
thorough shaking up. From nis story
they draw down nearly all the revenues in
the shape of big salaries, paid in gold,
while they inflict all kinds of indignities
on the natives. The Consul-General said
last night:
In a sense the condition of affairs in Samoa
is substantially the same that it has been since
HON. J. H. MULLIGAN, UNITED STATES CONSUL-GENERAL TO SAMOA.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
the treaty government went into operation,
indeed the same that it has been since the
white assumption of control first commenced.
The condition Is probably worse than it has
been at any time within the period of white
occupation. Heretofore the troubles have
been confined to Die nntives, who constitute
more than nineteeu-twentieths of the entire
population.
At present the serious feature of a very
severe financial depression is added. True,
there is no outbreak nor disturbance; pro
found peace prevails and is likely to endure;
but the political ills have not been healed or
even improved.
Heretofore therpettv wars and outbreaks
were confined in their general evil result
wholly to the natives, the white population
rather profiting than losing therel'.v. Now,
however, the extreme financial depression is
felt much more acutely by the business and
white community.
The treaty government of the powers is con
fessedly a failure. It was a mistake and a
blunder fiom the outlet. It set up a most com
plex and conflicting system of government, as
any government of necessity must be when it
is a compromise between widely different and
conflicting systems.
The nations long ago found that the Govern
ment tailed directly or indirectly to make any
return for the taxes It collected, that its reve
were all absorbed in salaries to white
officials; in short, that there was nothing in it
for tnein, and they ceased to paytaxes. In 1894
the entire native population paid but about
T' ; "" in national and municipal taxes.
The whites now, in organized form, threaten
that if reforms and retrenchments are not
inaugurated they, too, will decline to pay
taxes, hoping in this way to enforce reform and
economy of government and administration,
which they despair of securing until an issue
is sharply made.
Copra is in effect thesingle export. The crop
of 1894 was the largest ever known in the
islands. In that year the export amounted in
nil to some $ 330,000 or $340,000. The Jerop of
last year will not exceed in Value one-halt that
of the preceedinf one. In a small community
of slender recourses and small business, such a
difference becomes very serious.
In thir. condition the business and white
community directly paying in the revenue
have, as in all such cases, turned upon the
goveinment as primarily responsible for the
existing evils. While they have not found, on
examination, such to be the case their atten
tion has been sharply drawn to the fact that
their little government, m which the single
municipality of Apia and the general govern
ment is hopelessly complicated, is at once a
most inefficient and extravagant one.
They are intensely dissatisfied with the ad
ministration of the Herman I'resideut,
Schmidt, who for performing the duties of
Treasurer and Mayor of the village of Apia
receives a salary of $5000 per annum in United
States pold.
The native government repudiated him and
asked his recall a year ago, but no attention
was paid to it« request. Now the white popu
lation makes the same demand. The Chief
Justice receives a salary of $6000 per year.
But there will be no revolution; the com
munity is too small — too isolated.
The total island revenue of 1894 was about
$350,000 in round numbers. Of thig official
salaries absorbed, according to my calculation,
a little in excess of 77 per cent. The resolu
tions of the meeting I have mentioned stated
it to be 83 per cent. These are regularly fixed
salaries, but in addition there are many other
occasional and irregular salaries. Little or
nothing is left in effect to pay other expenses
to build or improve. In consequence there is
little public improvement; stagnation lias
settled over everything.
WANT IT REVISED.
The White People Dissatisfied With
the Berlin Treaty as It
Now Exists.
APIA, Samoa, Jan. I.— The foreign pop
ulation here is anxious that there should
bo a revision of the Berlin treaty, that the
office of president of the municipality
should be abolished and that the present
occupant of that position should be re
caliea from Samoa, where his presence is
very obnoxious.
Several indignation meetings have been
held, but as yet no outbreak has taken
place. Still at a public meeting (in which
all nationalities participated equally) it
was decided that, unless a change was
made in a very short time, the whites
would take such measures as would bring
matters to a crisis in short order.
By faults of neglect, omission, tyranny,
general foolishness and incompetence
President Schmidt haa rendered himself
very distasteful to both natives and whites
and his presence here is no longer of any
practical use. Some time ago the natives
petitioned to the powers for his removal,
presenting a very formidable array of
reasons, and now his own countrymen and
others are following the same course after
giving him a long and patient trial.
Consul-General Milligan's position here
has been difficult in the extreme through
the tricks and subterfuges of the German
and British representatives, who are con
tinually conspiring against the autonomy
of the islands and the rights of the natives.
American interests, though still small,
are increasing at a rate proportionately
greater than the others, and if allowed to
develop they will soon be of considerable
importance to San Francisco.
The treaty powers are no longer called
upon to tear any share in the cost of the
administration hero or in the maintenance
of the Jancl commission as the latter has
concluded its work and the Government of
Samoa is now self-supporting.
It is thought that early in March Chief
Justice lde will have concluded his labors
and that by that time every title to land
| claimed by foreigners will be duly investi
! gated and confirmed or rejected as the case
! may be. Title to 120,000 acres of some of
I the finest property in the islands has been
i confirmed to Wil Iman, Naylor & Hobba of
j San Francisco. The landwill be fsubdi
! vided and offered for sale. Taxes in Samoa
: are low and the general health is excellent.
HIS MENTAL STATE.
Samuel B. Thompson Placed in a
Padded Cell of the Hospital.
Samuel B. Thompson, the aged vender
of newspapers, who had attempted twice
to hang himself in his cell in the City
Prison, was taken before Judge Sanderson
yesterday to be examined as to his sanity.
The Jndse remanded him back to the
City Prison and remarked that it would be
time enough to discuss his sanity after a
trial jury had passed upon the grave of
fense of whicii he was charged.
As soon as Thompson was put back in
his cell he began breaking the benches
and raising a disturbance. Captain Rob
inson placed him in an empty cell and
strapped him securely to an iron bed
stead. Thompson managed to free him
self from his bonds and commenced tear
ing the bedstead apart. He was then
taken to the Receiving Hospital and put
in a padded cell. The Insanity Commis
sioners will be iisked to examine him this
morning.
THE STORM ON THE BAY
Fierce Wind and Rain Squalls
Raged all Night Along
the Front.
A Number of Boat Crews Attempting
to Board Their Vessels Went
Adrift.
Tlie wind and rain storm swept in strong
gusts along the water front and over tne
bay all last night. Soon after dark the
gale veered around from the southeast to
the south, and about 9 o'clock it was sev
eral points nearer the west. This change
was fortunate for the shipping at the
wharves, which were then sheltered to a
great extent by the hills of the City. But
the wind hummed furiously over the roofs
of the dock buildings and through the
upper rigging of the vessels moored at the
piers with the roar of a gale at sea. It
blew down the streets from the south and
west, btinging heavy rain showers, until
the pavements were flooded and every
gutter was a swift-rushing torrent.
A number of boats from different ships
in the bay were forced to remain ashore,
their crews standing in sheltered nooks on
the docks peering through the stormy
night off toward their ships that were
visible in the thick gloom. To attempt
the passage from shore to ship in that sea
and squally wind were madness, so they
simply stood on the wharves and put in
the night waiting.
Several boats did attempt the trip and
came to grief. A twelve-oared cutter be
longing to the United States coast-defense
vessel Monterey started from Folsom
street wharf for the vessel and was quickly
carried down the bay.
The crew bent to their oars with a will,
but the boat drifted at a ten-knot speed.
She finally managed to land at the Clav
street float, the men exhausted with their
heavy pull. The Boston' 3 steam launch
came ashore at about 5 o'clock, and after
trying to gst back to the ship returned to
the wharf and made fast for the night. A
boat from the ship luchcape Rock was
drifting rapidly out to sea, when another
boat from the same vessel started to the
rescue. Both went floating before the gale
out toward the heads. The first boat was
picked up by the United States steamer
Hartley, and the other, containing the
would-be rescue party, was overhauled by
the steamer McDowell and landed at
Valle jo-street wharf.
The McDowell then went after a boat
containing four men belonging to the ship
Gientinart, which anchored otf Goat
Island. The crew had become worn out
with their labor at the oars and were
quietly drifting to sea. They were towed
back to their ship. Several other boat
crews were found helpless on the bay and
rescued by tugs and steamers.
A number of ship captains were taken
out to their vessels in tugs and even this
means of getting aboard was attended with
dilliculty. Captain Atkinson of the ship
Monkbarns while passing from the deck
of the Sea Witch to his ship fell into the
bay between the two vessels and almost
lost his life. He was bruised against the
sides of the ship and tug and narrowly
escaped drowning.
A Change for the Better.
For a decade the Bacon Printing Com
pany has been a familiar name to San
Francisco merchants. Since the death of
Mr. Bacon his wife has ordered the busi
ness sold. Mr. James Agar, for thirty
years the manager of the Bacon Printing
Company, and one of the most able and
conscientious men in the printing busi
ness, has been fortunate in having his
friends in the business community interest
themselves in securing him a good posi
tion at an excellent salary as Lead of one
of the departments of the well-known
Mysell-Rollins Company, stationery manu
facturers, bookbinders, etc., at 22 Clay
street, near the ferry. Mr. Agar will, in
his new connection, no doubt, find a
larger and more satisfactory scope for his
ability, as the Mysell-RolJins Company
operate on larger and more liberal lines.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Eventful Voyage of the Bark
Martha Davis From
Honolulu.
AN APPRENTICE BOY INJURED.
Charles Fair Will Probably Accept
the Gasoline Yacht
Lucero.
The American bark Martha Davis from
Honolulu had a terrible experience during
her sixteen days' run to this port. She
was caught in two hurricanes, had her
sails blown away, her galley washed over
board, ihe rails smashed and the cabins
flooded again and again. "It was the rirst
time in all my experience," said Captain
Soule yesterday, "that I had to heave a
ship to on a fair wind. The seas ran
mountains high and the decks were con
stantly full of water."
When the galley was carried away Stew
ard Henderson made his escape, but a sea
caught and threw him against the com
panion way. He was badly hurt and is
still suffering from his injuries.
Captain Soule has been nineteen years
in the Martha Davis as master and mate
and been around the Horn fourteen times
in her. During all those years he says he
never was in a storm that compared with
the two nurricanes the Martha Davis en
countered during her run from Honolulu
to San Francisco.
The United States Lighthouse Board has
issued the following notice to mariners:
It is reported that the Noonday Rock bell
buoy has gone adrift. If so it will be replaced
at the earliest practicable date, when due
notice will be given. In the meantime navi
gators should be extremely cautious in ajv
proaciiing t!ie vicinity of this rock, which lies
hidden, with nothing" to indicate its position.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
steamer Jeanie will sail for Hunters Bay,
Alaska, via Seattle, to-morrow. At that
point the company will erect a cannery.
The steamer will take up all the supplies,
including coal, which will be taken aboard
at Seattle. In about ;i weetc the Golden
(Jate will follow the Jeanie, but she will go
to Chilcat, when* another cannery is to be
established. Next season the whaling
company intends to run in opposition to
the. Alaska Packers' Association.
There was a sad accident on the British
ship Inverlyon yesterday. The vessel was
lying at the sugar retinery, and the heavy
swell caused her to roll considerably.
While moving round the deck Reginald
Brown, one of the apprentice-boys, lost his
footing and fell into the hold. He frac
tured his skull, and Captain May had him
at once conveyed to St. Mary's Hospital.
There four pieces of bone were removed
from his forehead, and last night the lad
was doing as well as could be expected.
Brown is but 16 years of age, and is well
connected in England.
Fair's yacht, the Lucero, was out for
another trial trip yesterday. Captain Jes
sen acted as first mate, and George A.
Knicht was in command. Over at Sausa
lito, where the full force of the southeaster
was encountered, the Lucero behaved
splendidly, and the engines worked as well
as could be desired. The yacht will make
a splendid craft for summer cruising, and
Knicht would accept her at once were the
cabins only a little lareer. The chances
are, however, that when Mr. Fair returus
to San Francisco he will pay the balance
on the yacht and take her.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamer Mary (iarratt
did not get away for Stockton until 11
o'clock last night. On her way to San
Francisco she got on a mud bank in Black
Slough and stuck there for eleven hours.
All the passengers went up on the opposi
tion boat. There has been a large quan
tity of freight moving of late and the
Navigation and Improvement Company's
boats have been coming down with all the
flour and wheat they could carry.
The Vallejo steamer Monticello will be
laid up for three days— Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday — next week. Captain
Hatch says she may get away again
Wednesday afternoon on her usual run,
but he is not sure. In the meantime the
Herald and Sunol, according to Hatch,
will run in the Monticello's place. The
latter is to have a new and larger smoke
stack put in, which is expected to increase
her speed.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Willamette Valley arrived from Mexican
ports yesterday with Captain James Sloane
and fourteen of the crew of the wrecked
American ship Arcturus on board. Full
particulars of the loss of the vessel at
Santa Rosalia were given in The Call a
fortnight ago. The carpenter was drowned
while being nauled ashore.
The City of Puebla from Puget Sound
was eight hours and the Columbia from
Portland nine hours late in getting in
yesterday. Both were delayed by the
southeaster. The Puebla had a" very
rough time of it, and her decks were never
dry during the entire trip.
Captain Fulton of the British ship On
caios thinks his consignees are having lots
of fun with him. Since his arrival his
vessel ha 3 been moved from the stream to
Beale street, thence to Main street, back
to the stream, thence to the west side of
Beale street round to the east side, and
to-day he is to be moved back to the west
side again. When his cargo is out ho will
take in ballast and go to Tacoma to load
lumber for Cape Town.
THE TRAINMEN WIN.
Five Discharged Men Reinstated by
Kfforts of the Brotherhood.
All differences between the grievance
committee of the Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen and the Southern Pacific Com
pany have been settled and the twelve
members of the grievance committee have
returned to their respective homes. The
matter of greatest importance was the re
quest made for the reinstatement of six
men, who, it is claimed, had been unjustly
discharged. On representations made to
General Superintendent Fillmore five of
the six men were taken back into the em
ploy of the company.
Entertained by Songs.
The Brotherhood of St. Andrew's of St. Luke's
Church gave a pleasant entertainment last
evening in Y. M. C. A. Hall, which was well
attended. The affair was i nder the direction
of W. A. Sabln, the organist. Addresses were
made by Rev. W. 11. Moreland, Rev. Mr. Shaw
and H. J. McCoy. Refreshments were served
alter the following programme was rendered:
Quartet— Messrs. Aspland, Smith, Andrewa and
Neilson; soprano solo, Miss Love ; barytone
solo, \V. T. Andrews: duet, "Excelsior,"
Messrs. Aspland and' Andrews; contralto solo,
Miss Wilson; tenor soio, A. S. Aspland; glee,
"Sw«et and Low," by St. Hike's full cnoir of
men and boys, thirty voices.
The Benefits of a Protective Tariff.
Hon. W. A. Hemphill, vice-provident of
the exposition and largest stockholder in
the Atlanta Constitution, in making the
address of welcome to the Ohio people on
Cincinnatti day at the fair, declared that
though he was a Democrat, he was a pro
tectionist from head to foot. He said he
believed in a protective tariff that would
develop the industries of this Nation. He
said the sadaest thing lie had heard for
years was the report a few days ago that
an American railroad sent to England for
several thousand tons of steel rails. These
rails, he declared, should have been made
in Pennsylvania, Tennessee or Alabama,
and would have been made in this country
had there been a proper protective tariff.
Rice-throwing at a newly married couple
has been adjudged an assault by one Eng
lish magistrate.
ONLY A COLD !
Yes ; but a cold frequently
has a serious ending. Chronic
coughs, pneumonia, bronchitis
and consumption all start with
a cold. Neglected colds cause
more than two-thirds of all the
deaths in America.
There is a right way and a
wrong way to cine a cold, but you
can make no mistake in using
DUFFY'S PURE
MALT WHISKEY.
It is a pure, healthful stimu-
lant, which quickens the circula-
tion and restores healthy action
to every part of the body. It is a
sure cure for colds, malaria,
pneumonia. It assists nature
and builds up the system.
Do not be induced to take any
inferior whiskey which your
dealer may try to substitute, but
be sure that you get Duffy's.
Nothing else can produce the
same effects.
NEW TO-DAY- AMUSEMENTS.
THEATRE '*"**-
LAST WEEK! LAST MaTI.VEE SAT. OF
America's .Representative, Tragedian,
MR. LOUIS JAMES
TO-NIGHT AND SAT. MATINEE,
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
Satnrday Night "HAMLET"
Sunday "MACBETH"
NEXT MONDAY! -
JOYOUS RETURN!
LAST IN : »™ s
SEASON'S /\l n • READY
GREATEST ULL *
TRIUMPH! KENTUCKY I
ftFJPVtt EMTRE: *l = = ;:
LAST 3 NIGHTS!
I.AST MATINEE SATURDAY 1
LAST PERFORMANCE SIIXDAY SIGHT.
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And a Carefully Selected Company.
To-Night and Saturday Matinee,
"CAMILLE!"
Saturday and Sunday Nights,
"AN UNEQUAL MATCH
Monday, Jan. 20
The Baldwin Theater Will Close for
Two Week*.
Monday, Feb. 3 GRAND OPERA.
THE TAVARY GRAB OPERA 10.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. tiiMcsn.vii Krki.inu Proprietor &.M.ana{9S
TO-NIGHT
SECOND EDITION .
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
x I «^ J l^J m x
_ KALEIDOSCOPIC VIEWS
-L — — -L
0 THE HEAVENS, THE EARTH 0
j. AND THE SEA. •*,
A TREAT FOR YOUNG AND OLD!
BKING THE CHILDREN !
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
. fRItDLAfIOtR.GCTTIOD« G>- a.to riAiuoUi • ; •
THE GOOD WORK GOES BRAVELY ONI
Everybody Comes to See ,*
THE SUPERB FRAWLEY COMPANY
"THE SENATOR
The Perfection of All Great American Plays.
SEATS— ISc, 85c, 50c and 75c.
Tuesday Next, Jan. 21— "THE ENSIGN."
+S. ALCAZAR
EMPHATIC SUCCESS OF
"MY PRECIOUS BABY"
Many of the funniest scenes on the stage.
"Right you are! says Moses.
Saturday Matinee— Doll for Everybody.
Nisrht Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
Matinee Prices— lOc. 15c, 25c. No higher
Saturday WOLVES OP NEW YORK.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Sedley .Brown's Great Pastoral Play,
"A LONG LANE!"
A Tale of Strong Interest
Dealing With Modern American Life.
.EvKNTjfo Prices— 2sc and 50c
Family Circle and Oallerv. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton anl Po^alt.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
REMARKABLE SEW ATTRACTIONS!
A UNIFORMLY SUPERB KILL!
GILMORE AND LEONARD,
MONS. WM. ROBERTS,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
AXn
OUR ALL-STAR COMPANY.
.Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera ca»lti
and Box seats. 50c.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern PaclHc [rains at Third and Tovrn-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 find 1:15 p. m.
Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
a. B. SPRECKELS, W. a LBAKE.
President. Secretary.
NO RAIN? LOtS OF FUN
Shooting the Chutes and Tripping the Trolley 1.
•AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (including a Merry-Go- Round Ride), 10c
78
FATHER YORKE
TO DR. WENDTE
The Catholic Doctrine Re
garding Church and
State.
THERE IS NO CONFLICT.
Both Have Their Separate Mis
sions, Declares the Chan
cellor.
A LETTER FROM H, W. BOWMAN.
The Editor Compares the Progress of
Catholic and Protestant
Countries.
Rev. Father Yorke answer? the letter of
Eev. l>r. Wendte on the "Catholic Church
and Civii Government" as follows:
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: My let
ter of yesterday was devoted to some prelimi
nary remarks 'on the value of the authorities
quoted by Dr. Wendte and on the controversial
methods "o: those who oppose the Catholic
church. I then stnted that Dr. Wendte was
not acquainted with the ■■ .' bines of Cath
olicism concerning tho relations of church and
state. Thai teaching I intend to set forth now
a* clearly as I can.
MAN'S INTERESTS.
As man is made up of soul and body he has
eternal a« well as- temporal interests. his, I
suppose. Dr. Wend te will not deny. Man de
sires to live his life as comfortably as he can;
he wishes to secure the fruit of Ms labor: he
tries to perfect his mental and his moral lacui
ties; he would vindicate for himself all these
liberties which do not interfere with the rights
of others or with the common good. Such are
hi* temporal interests.
Besides these, however, there are interests
which affect the future life. All who believe
in the immortality of the soul acknowledge
that the present life is but a preparation for a
life beyond the grave. How to tit ourselves for
this other existence is a serious question.
"What shall I do to be saved?" . The answer to
this question comprehends what we call our
eternal interests.
THE STATE.
It is a dictate of human nature that when
men wish to obtain any common end they hand
together for the purpose. When, therefore,
they all wish to secure their temporal welfare,
life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, they
organize into what is known as civil society.
As God is the author of human nature we call
him the author of society. If Dr. Wen dte wrote
a book calculated to create a bad impression
against any one we would call him the author
of that impression. When God created a being
calculated to live in civil society we call God
the author of civil society.
This is the teaching of Leo XIII in his "Chris
tian Constitution of States":
Mac's natural instinct moves him to live in civil
society, for he cannot, if dwelling apart, provide
himself with the necessary requirements of life,
nor procure the means of developing his mental
and moral faculties. Hence, it is divinely ordained
that he ahouM lead his life— It family, social or
civil— with his fellow-men, among whom alone his
several wants can be adequately supplied. But as
no society can hold to;«-t;;er unless some one bo
overall, directing all to strive earnestly for the
common goo!, every civilized community must
have a ruling authority, and this authority," no less
than society itself, has its source in iia;;ir>.\ and
has, consequently. i;od for its author. Hence it fol
lovrs that all public power mus: proceed from God.
tor God alone is the tree and supreme Lord of the
world. Kverythinc* without exception, must he
subject to him and most serve him: so that whoso
ever holds the richt to govern holds it from one
sole and single source— namely, God, the Sovereign
Ruler of all. There is no power but from God
(Rom. xiii:l.)
THE CHURCH.
If it is necessary lor men to organize in
order to secure their temporal interests, it is
just as necessary for them to organize in order
to secure their eternal interest*. But this dif
ficulty arises: In temporal affairs men are
compelled by the stern logic of facts to hang
together, else they will end by hanging sep
arately. No matter how much they may dif
fer on political questions, when it comes to the
existence of the state or the society they are
generally a unit. If, however, passion drives
them beyond the bounds, we have riot*,
anarchy, civil war. and, sometimes, loss of in
dependence. The very nature of things com
pels the establishment of a stable and an
authoritative government. If the people of a
certain region will not do it for themselves by
common consent, the people of the neighbor-
Ing region will do it by conquest aud the
strong hand. Men know at once when their
temporal interests are in jeopardy, and conse
quently they take measures to secure them as
Eoon as possible.
It is quite otherwise, however, when it comes
to eternal interests. Whether these interests
have been secured or not no one knows for
himself until he is dead. Hence, during life
he may fall into all kinds of illusions concern
ing the best way of maintaining them, and
never discover his error. Hence, mistakes in
the matter of onr eternal interests are not self
corrective, as are mistakes in the matter of our
temporal interests. As a result, each man is
naturally a law unto himself, and there are as
many opinions as there are individuals.
But co-operation is ns necessary in attending
to our eternal interests as it is in attending to
our temporal interest?. As human nature now
stands this co-operation, though theoretically
possible, is practically unattainable. History
proves this assertion. Hence God himself has
intervened and has sent his Son to bring about
this co-operation by founding a society which
will do for the eternal what civil society does
for the temporal. This society we call the
church.
CHURCH AND STATE.
Leo XIII sums up this condition of affair? in
the following passage from the encyclical al
ready quoted:
" The Almighty, therefore, has appointed the
charge of the human race between two do wers—
tre ecclesiastical and the civil: the one being set
over divine and the other over human things.
tar.") In Its kind is supreme; each has fixed 1 ruita
within which it is contained, limits which are
defined by the nature and special object of the
province of each, so that there la, we may say. an
orbit traced out, within which the action of each is
brought into play by it* own native right; but in
r.smucli si each of these two powers has author
ity over the same subjects, and a< it might come
to pass that one and th» same thing— related
differently, bat still remaining: one an.i the same
thing— might belong to the jurisdiction and de
termination of both, therefore <.od, who toresees
all things and who is the author of those two
powers, has marked out the course of each In right
correlation to the oilier. For the powers that are
are ordained 01 God. (Rom. viii:2.) Were this
not so deplorable contentions and conflicts would
often arise.and not infrequently men, like travelers
at the meeting of two roads, would hesitate In
anxiety and doubt, not knowing what course to
lollow. Two powers would be commanding con
trary things and it would be a dereliction of duty
to disobey either of the two.
But It would be most repugnant to deem thus of
the wis-iom and kom ;n ss of (iod. Even in physi
cal things, albeit or a lower order, the Almighty
has so combined the lor, and springs of nature
with tempered action and wondrous harmony that
no one of them clashes with any other, and all of
them most h'tly and antly wefic together for the
great purpose of the verse There must ac
cordingly exist between these two powers a cer
tain orderly connection, which may be compared
to the union of the soul and body In man.
The nature and scope of that connection can be
determined only, as we have laid down, by having
regard to the nature of each power, ami by taking
account of the relative excellence and nobleness of
their purpose. One of the two has for its approxi
mate and chief object the well being of this mortal
life: the other the everlasting Joys Of heaven.
Whatever, therefore, in things human is of a sa
cred character, whatever belongs either of its own
nature or by reason of the end to which It is re
ferred, to the salvation of sou's, or to the worship
of God, is subject to the power and judgment of the
church. Whatever is to be ranged under the civil
and political order is rightly subject to the civil au
thority. Jesus Christ lias himself given command
tnal what is Caesar's is to be rendered to i B--«r,
and what belongs to God is to be rendered to God.
DR. WESDTE'S FIRST QVOTATION.
This explanation gives the true meaning of
the first quotation produced by Dr. Weudte to
prove his thesis that Catholics believe in "the
supremacy of the church and the subordina
tion of the state to it." That quotation he
ascribes to Bi«nop Gilmour. I pass no opinion
on its authenticity. I know that several
spurious bentlments attributed to that Bishop
have been floating round in A. P. A. literature.
As, however, the present quotation is
susceptible of a Catholic interpretation I
neither affirm nor deny its genuineness. It
runs as follows: •
"The state is for the body, the church is for
the soul. But the soul is superior to the body,
hence the church is above the state." From
this quotation Dr. Wendte mathematically
concludes: "Therefore the Pope is the soy
ereign of the world, and all civil governments
must submit to nis dictation."
Now, lei me ask Dr. Wendte, Does he believe
In the saying, "What doth it piotit a man If he
pain the whole world and suffer the loss of
his own soul?" or, "What shall a man give in
exchange for his soul?" Docs not Dr. Wer.dte
consider the immortal part of him of more
value than all the kingdoms of earth? Would
he, like Faust, consent to barter his soul for
anything this world can give? Hence, is not .
the organization, or the belief, or the way in
which he keeps his soul in touch with eternity
more valuable to him than anything that
exists? Is it not the '-greatest thing in
the world?" Is it not superior to all
temporal concerns? Does he then conclude
that he is the ruler of all? And if Bishop Gil
mour said that the church is superior to the
state in the sense that the soul is superior to
the body, is it logical, is it lair to offer this as
a proof that Catholics believe in a theocracy?
What control has the soul over the body be
yond the control of reason? And every time
Dr. Wendte makes a speech does he not strive
to control the state by reason?
Surely it must be very hard to find evidence
against the church when her opponents are re
duced to such straits as this. Let mc now
quote from a few Catholic theologian? who
are recognized as authorities. They will de
clare in plain unequivocal language what is
the doctrine of the church.
CATHOLIC DOCTRINE.
Dr. Wendte says: "The Pope is the sovereign
of the world and all civil governments must
submit to his dictation."
Suarcz, the great Jesuit theologian of the
sixteenth century, whose works James I of
England had burned by the common hang
man because he refuted the doctrine of the
"divine right of kings to govern wrong," says
in his monumental treatise "On Law" (book
lll, chapter vi, No. 3): "The supreme pontiff
baa no direct temporal power over the world
except in these provinces of which he is tem
poral lord," namely, the city of Rome and the
adjoining districts," of which he was king until
ISTO.
Cardinal Tarquinl writes in his "Institutions
of Ecclesiastical law": "Civil society, even
though every member of it be Catholic, is not
subject to the church, but plainly independent
in temporal things which regard" its temporal
end." (Page 55.)
The following extracts are taken from the
evidence given by Dr. Doyle, the Catholic
Bishop of Kildare, before a committee of the
British Bouse oi Commons. The member-; of
tnat committee were ail Protestants, and they
asked the same questions which evidently Dr.
Wendte would r.sk to-day. Let us hope "that
the answers will be equally satisfactory:
Q.— ln what ami how far does the Roman Catho
lic profess to obey the Pope?
A.— The < atholie professes to obey the Pope In
matters which regard his religious faith and In
those matters of ecclesiastical discipline which
have already been defined by the competent au
thorities.
y. — Does this obedience detract from what Is due
by the Catholic to the State?
A.— Not In the -lightest degree: on the contrary,
as the laws of God, which the Pope does enforce
among Catholics, ordain that we should pay obed
| ience to the existing Government of the country
where we dwell, so the obedience we owe the Pope
only tends to confirm us in our allegiance to such
Government.
Q.— Does that justify the objection that Is made
to Catholics that their allegiance Is divided?
A.— l do not think it does in any way: we are
j bound to obey the Pope in those things that I have
already mentioned, but our obedience to the law
j and the allegiance which we owe the soy reign are
complete and full and perfect and undivided Inas
! much as they extend to all political, legal and civil
i rights of the King or his subjects. (1 think the alie
giance due to tne:lKng and that due to the Pop*
ate as distinct and as divided in their nature as
any two things can possibly be.
Q.— ls the claim thai some Popes have set up to
temporal authority opposed to scripture and tradi
tion?
A.— l n my opinion it is opposed to both.
Such, then, are the opinions of men who
knew the Catholic iaith through and through.
But Dr. Wendte may ask how do I consider it
with the quotations given by Mr. Hittell.
These quotations I have already demonstrated
to be suspicious. To show exactly what they
are will take a whole letter, which" I propose to
write to-morrow. Therefore, the only two re
• maining quotations which deal with civil
j allegiance are those from Bishop.Gilmour and
Cardinal Newman.
ANOTHER GARBLED QUOTATION.
Dr. Wendte writes:
Pome years ago Bishop Gilmour of Cleveland
laid down in a pastoral letter to his diocese the
Catholic philosophy of government in the follow
: ing words: "Nationalities must be made subor
| dinate to religion. We must learn that we are
Catholics first and citizens next. Catholicism
teaches that God Is above man, the church is
above the State." This is certainly explicit and
emphatic enough.
I wish in the beginning to draw Dr. Wendte's
attention to the unscholarly nature of such an
argument as this. He quotes a pastoral writ
ten "some years ago," but he does not give us
I the faintest intimation of what the pastoral
was about or where it may be found. A pas
| toral is usually a lengthy document, yet a halt
dozen words are scissored out of it to'make an
J argument against Catholics.
Now I nave not been able to find the pastoral,
! but I think I know what it was about. It was
written at a time when the question of nation
ality was causing some disturbance in Ohio.
Catholics of German extraction wished to have
priests and bishops of their own race, or, at
least, some busybodies wanted to make out
that they did. Indeed, there was a time « hen
certain people claimed that a movement was
under way to divide the Catholic body along
the lines of nationality, so that, for instance,
] in San Francisco there would be one Catholic
j Archbishop for the Germans, another for the
! Poles, another for the Italians, another for the
i Irish and another for native American
: citizens.
This system is very popular among Protest
ants, who have Swedish Methodists, German
Lutherans, English Lutherans, Northern Bap
tists, Southern Presbyterians and so o:i.
Against this scheme Bishop Gilmour protested.
He was a convert from Preshyterianism and he
was dour and hard to the last. He never
minced matter, and when the plan was
broached in Cleveland he "charged" against
it. Nationalities must be made subordinate to
religion. We must learn tnat we are Catholics
first and citizens afterward. Catholicism
teaches that "God is above man and the church
above the state." That is, the petty jealousies
of nationalities and citizenship should not be
allowed to divide the church which God estab
lished for the salvation of all.
This is the true sense ot Bishop Gilmour's
words, and I say now that if they were in
tended to mean what Dr. Wendte makes them
mean, namely, a evil supremacy of the church
over the state. Bishop Gilmour was not ex
pressing Catholic doctrine. Is this clear
enough, Dr. Wendte?
FALSIFYING NEWMAN'S WORDS.
The second quotation is from Cardinal New
man. Dr. Wendte writes:
So Cardinal Newman, in his famous controversy
with Mr. Gladstone, maintained that the British
Ministers should have gone to Rome to ascertain
the civil duties of a British Catholic subject and
that "no pledge from Catholics was of any value to
which Home was no: a party.' Apply this prin
ciple to our American political life and it means
simply this: That no P.oman Catholic citizen can
rightly take an oath of allegiance without the con
sent of Borne, or. in other words, that P.ome Is a
higher authority In American affairs than the Re
public Itself.
If Dr. Wendte has ever read Cardinal New
man's work I cannot acquit him of dishonesty.
There is not a word in the context which bears
out the assertion that the "British Ministers
should bave gone to Rome to ascertain the
civil duties of a British Catholic subject."
Newman is drawing attention to the ridicu
lous policy of the English Government, accord
ing to which, although it has civil and
political dealings with Catholics in countries
where Catholicism is the established religion,
still it will not deal directly with the Pope. It
prefers to negotiate with unauthorized persons
on matters not of Catholic teaching, but of
civil policy, and then it complains if Rome
does not back up everything these unauthor
ized persons did or promised. Here is what
Newman says:
I recollect, years ago, Dr. Griffiths, Vicar Apos
tolic of the London district, giving me an account
of an interview he had with the late Lord Derby,
then. 1 suppose. Colonial Secretary. I understood
j him to say that Lord Derby was In perplexity at
the time on some West India matter, in which
Catholics were concerned, because he could not
find their responsible representative. He wanted
I Dr. Griffiths to undertake the office, and expressed
something of disappointment ■ when the Bishop
Celt obliged to decline it. A chronic malady
has irorn time 10 time Its paroxvsras,
and the history on which 1 am now engaged is a
serious Instance of It. I think It Is impossible that
the British Government could have entered Into
formal negotiations with the Pope without Its
transpiring In the course of them and its becoming
perfectly clear that Rome could never be n party
to such a pledge as £ngland wanted, and that no
pledge from Catholics was of any value to which
Rome was not a party. .
Again let me ask Dr. Wehdte is this fair? He
is writing against a . great church, and his
words, as far as they reach, affect the charac
ters oi 12.000,000 of his fellow-citizens. They
do not, as he says, take reluge in ignorance or
in illogicality. They say we know the teach
ing of our church, and we know there is noth
ing in it opposed to the highest Americanism,
and Dr. Wenate brings against them the testi
mony of a book which he has never read, or
which, if he has read it, he has corrupted.
DR. WENDTE'S DILEMMA.
A* this letter is already too lone I will refer
but briefly to a point of which evidently Dr.
Wendte is much enamored, for he uses it over
and over again. The point is that accord
ing to Catholics the church can say What are
the limitations of the sphere of the state,
therefore the state is subject to the church.
Putting aside for a moment the question of
what Catholics do say, let me ask Dr. Wendte
how does he solve the problem? He acknowl
edges that church and state are distinct. He
acknowledges, too, that in points they touch.
Nay, he exaggerates the contact. He says: .
In their practical working church and state con
stantly interfere with each other, and it Is often
very difficult to say what is tne sphere of each.
Now this interference may arise in the case
of Dr. Wendte just as easily as it may arise in
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
the case of Catholics. What solution has Dr.
Wendte to offer? As far as i can interpret his
letter, he seems to adumbrate an opin
ion that the state should always fix
the limits. But let me call his atten
tion to the fact that tho word state
after all only means "a condition" and that
the conditions of men as organized for the
tmrposes of government are many and various.
Turkey is a state just as much as Great Britain,
yet I am sure Dr. Wendte is protesting with
all his might against the Armenian atrocities.
Does he not see how treasonable it is to inter
fere thus with the state since that State can so
fix the limits of its authority as to cover
the extermination of obnoxious Christians.
i Let Dr. Wendte answer this problem: In a
conflict between a Unitarian congregation and
a State, who shall lay down the limits beyond
which the State cannot pass? When Dr.
Wendte answers this question I will tell him
; what Catholics would do in a conflict between
church and state. Yours truly,
P. C. YOEKE.
H. W. BOWMAN'S LETTER.
The A. P. A. Champion Compares
the Progress of Protestant and
Catholic Countries.
H. W. Bowman, editor of the American
Patriot, submits the following letter:
Office of thk American Patk;ot,(
819 Market street, j
To the Editor of San FrmcisCO Call— Deaf,
'ik: In further substantiation of our charge
that Romanism is a barrier to civilization ami
i fee to human progress we submit the follow
ing proofs:
\ .. arned French writer, M. Kmile de Lave
leye, in a masterly took on "I'rotcstcntisrn i
mii Catholicism in their Bearing Upon the
Liberty and Prosperity of Nat'ons," shows
thai the wider the range of facts and the more |
r i g: : •! the induction the more inevitable is the I
tonclusion that Romatri-in is an tncubaa on '
.'iviiizanon. The phenomenon which this di.«- ,
tinmisbed writer sets himself to solve is thus!
stated: "The fact that Catholic races advance !
much less rapidly t-lian those which are no i
longer Cathoiic and that, relatively to these
latter, they even seem to go back appears to be j
proved both by history «>nd, more particularly,
by contemporary events."
The investigation is commenced by an in- i
quiry as to whether the fact can be accounted j
lor on the basis oi pbysical constitution or by i
Quence oi external nature— the clituate, I
the geographical position, the products of the j
soil, the aspects of the country, the food. And
it is shown conclusively that none of these
causes — nor any similar cause — can possibly be
a^i^r.eu as adequate to the production of the
actual efl'ect.
"When Protestants of the Latin race are seen
to rise superior to Germanic but Ct
populations; when iH one and the same coun
try, and one and the tame group, identical in
language and identical in origin, it can be uf
tiriaed that Protestants advance more rapidly
and steadily than Catholics, it is difficult not
to attrioute'the superiority ot the one over the
other to the religion they profess."
In contrasting Ireland with Scotland he
Bays:
"It is admitted that the Scotch and Irish arc
of the same origin. Both have been subject to
the Englisn yoke. Until the sixteenth century
Ireland was much more civilized than Scot
land. During the iir?t part of the middle
ages, the Emerald Isle was a focus of civiliza
tion, while Scotland was still a den of bar
barians."
"Since the Scotch have embraced the re
formed religion they have outrun eveu the
English. The climate and the nature of the
si>u prevent Scotland from being as rich a-
England; but Macaulay proves that fince the
seventeenth century the Scotch have in every
way surpassed t lie Engii.'U. Ireland, on the
other hand, devoted to Ulirarnonramsin, is
pour, miserable, agitated by the spirit m re
bellion, an.i seems incapable of raising herself
by her own strength.
'■What a con;ra.«t, even in Ireland, between
the exclusively Catholic Connnught and Ulster,
where Protestantism prevails!
•i -!tr is enriched by industry, Connaught
presents a picture of desolation.
Passing over the contrast presented by a
comparison oi the United States and the States
oi bouth America, or of the nations of t!ie
North with those of the South of Europe; lest
any one should suppose that the "differences
wnich are to be observed might be explained
by the influence of climate or of race, M. de
Laveleye proceed* to say:
"But let us go to Switzerland and compare
the cantons oi >'euchatel, Vaud and Geneva
<more particularly before me recent immigra- !
tion of the savoy Catholics) with that of j
Lucerne, Haut-Valais end the forest cantons, j
The former are extraordinarily in advance Of
the latter, in respect of edu^aUou, r.terat.ure,
the tine arts, industry, commerce, riches,
cleanliness, in a word, civilization in all its
aspects and in all its senses."
Such irrefutable facts are convincing. They |
are not toe bigoied utterances of prejudiced
minds, but sober facts of history. In his con
clusion M. de Laveleye asserts:"*'To the eye of
every man who desires to consult tacts without
a foregone conclusion, it is thus manifest that
Protestantism is more favorable than Catholi- I
ci<ni to the development of nations."
Rome had a chance to civilize Mexico and j
South America, if she were able to do so. But
did she? Facts prove thai the people there are I
but little remove from savages. Bomanism j
means t;:e loss ci our civilization. Hence uv
say to the priests ot Rome, >o, gentiemei., we j
will not allow ihe United .-tales to be Roman- j
ized. The civilization introduced by Spanish '
Romanists upon American soil has" been on I
trial for centuries. Alongside of it, but j
somewhat later, is the civilization intro
duced by the Pilgrim Fathers. One has pined j
amid the wealth of tropical vegetation and
ir.rtiie soil, the other has nourished amid t:ie
wintry winds ami barren hills of New Ens
land. One has given to the world mighty
statesmen, noble patriots, learned scholars and
world-famed inventors. The other is famed
for its ignorance, rude barbarism and cede- |
siastical serfdom. One with its vast mines of
silver and gold, with its splendid rivers and
magnificent harbors, has dragged its way on
amid peonage and poverty. The other, with
its rocky hills, sandy shores and rigorous |
climate, has grown strong and rich and pros
perous. In Mexico, Central and South America I
kome has given the world an exhibition of her '
incompeteiicy to civilize. Rome's rule has
btjtii marked by ignorance, tyranny, barbarism
and ceaseless revolutions, while the other has
given the world a government founded upon
the rights of humanity, with civil and re
ligious liberty and laws based upon the consent
oi the governed. It is marked ior its cham
pionship of the rignts of humanity, for its ad
vanced civilization and its prosperity.
Spain gave to the countries she colonized the
inquisition and the Sunday bull-right, and the
Pilgrim Fathers gave the other the common
school ana the open Bible. Note the vivid con
trast! The Popish countries are shunned by
immigrants as if infected by the plague, while
the other has sounding on its shore every year
the tramp of millions of feet of those who have
flea from lunds cursed and blighted by Popery
to seek light and liberty 'neath the shadow of
our free institutions based upon the word of
God and the freedom of conscience. Our sister
republic has lately been making a rapid ad
vance in freeing herself from the incubus of
Popery. The abolition of the ecclesiastical
system of education and the adoption of the
state system was a fata.) blow to Popery. Then
her action in regard to the useless convents,
where wealth was hoarded, was a master
stroke. The following facts, gleaned from a
book entitled "Aztec Land," by M. M. Ballou,
will prove that Romanism is a bar to civiliza
tion. He says:
■•General Porririo Diaz, President of the re
public, is a man whose life commands the re
spect of the entire people. His principal pur
pose is plainly to modernize Mexico. The
twelve years from 1870, when he became
President, until 1889, when his third term
commence, has proved to be the progressive
age of tne republic. The only opposition to his
government is that of the churcii party led by
the Archbishop of Mexico and supported by
that great army of non-producers, tne useless
priests, who fatten upon the poor and super
stitious populace. At present this party has
no political power or influence, but is working
at all times in secret, silently awaiting an
opportunity :o sacrifice anything or everything
to the s<sl« interesis of the Roman Catholic
church."
"The political struggle in Mexico," says
United States Commissioner William F.leroy
Curtis, "since the independence of the repub
lic has been and will continue to be between
antiquated, bigoted and despotic Romanise,
allied with the ancient aristocracy, under
whose encouragement Maximilian came, on
the one hand, and the spirit of intellectual,
industrial, commercial and social progress on
tne other."
"With the overthrow of Montezuma's em
pire in 1520," says that distinguished native
Mexican writer, Riveray Rio, "began the
rule of the Spaniard, which lasted just 3uO
years. During this time Rome and Spain,
priest and king, held this land and peo
ple as a joint possession. The greedy hand
was ever reached out to seize alike the
product of the mine and soil. The people were
enslaved for the aggrandizement aim power of
a foreign church and state. It was then that
the Church of Rome fostered such a vast army
of priests ana nuns, acquired those vust landed
estates and erected sucu an incredible number
of stone churches, great convents, inquisi
torial buildings, Jesuit colleges, and gathered
such vast stores of gold and silver. All this
time tl-.e poor people were being reduced to the
utmost poverty, and every right of personal and
civil advancement was taken from them. They
were left to grope on in Intellectual darkness.
They could have no commerce with foreign
nations. If they made any advance in na
tional wealth it was drained away for royal
and ecclesiastical tribute. Superstition
reigned under the false teachings ot a corrupt
priesthood, while the frightful Inquisition, by
its cruel machinery, coerced the people to an
aojectness that has scarcely had a parallel iv
human history. Under such a dispensation of
evil rule Mexico became of less and less im
portance among the family of nations."
This last is a testimony from a native resi
dent of Mexico, and discounts all Priests Yorke
and Ferguson have said on the question.
While Mexico offers to give immigrants $50
per head the United States would be willing to
give that much to keep some out. In all the
South American States where Popery rules civ
izatloa is at a standstill and the old heathen
practices largely prevail. Rome as a civilizer is
a failure. The other day a gentleman who has
traveled a great deal in "speaking of Romanism
made this remark to me: "I have spent a
great deal of time among the Indians who live
around Lake Superior. The Romanists have
had charge of them lor nearly two hun
dred years. What is the "result: the
women are all prostitutes and »he
men are all thieves. Popery has taken the
manhood all out of them. You can tell a
. Catholic Indian from a Protestant as soon as
you see him across the street. The Catholic
has a mean, skulKing, thievish look; the Prot
estant has a manly air about him. 1 should
think that the Roman priests would come to
the conclusion that their religion was a failure
with such results after so many years of teach
ing."
And yet Uncle Sam pays out his money to
have the ihdians instructed by just such teach
ers. Here is a problem for a mathematician:
i If nearly two hundred years of Romish teach
ing has made the Indians thus instructed
lower in morals than before, so that the men
are all thieves and the women all prostitutes,
how long will it take them to make decent
civilized Indians out of those they are now
teaching?
; 1 nere is another country to which we will
turn and gaze upon the civilizing effects oi
Lorne — a country famed for its championship
lof Popery. Poor downtrodden, priest-ridden
Ireland. Once the seat of learning, ills now
the land of ignorance. Its brilliant mind is
dimmed, and its ancient glory alone remains
to testify of what Ireland might have been if
not blignted by Popery.
Free an Irishman from the incubus of Rome
and he at once makes his merk in the world.
If it had not been tor the curse of Popery the
name Irish would have been a title of glory in
stead of a term of reproach,
' f all sad words of tongue or pen,
The saddest are these: "it might have been."
History proves that Romanization means
social deterioration anil national degenera
tion. It reveals the fact that Romanism is a
political poison, the evil effects of which maybe
seen in the nations it has destroyed. Roman
ism is a bar to civilization, because to Roman
ize is to fossilize. The spirit of progress is con
demned by Rome. Like an Egyptian mummy,
she is wrapped up in the garments of a past
age. The only progress of which she can boast
is the progress of sin. The eternal principles
of truth are adapted to all ages and the highest
degree of civilization; but tne errors of Rome
are so narrow and contracted that they allow
of no introduction of gcod things.
Rome is hardened in her wickedness. She
aims to mentally macadamize her dupes to
keep them from developing and expanding
under the benign influences of civilization and
Christianity. Civilization in its scope has no
room for a Pope, nor this land of the free no
use for the papal hierarchy. Under the plea of
infallibility Rome justifies all of her past his
tory. She boasts of her unchangeable attitude
In regard to modern progress.
If you would know that the papal church has
stood athwart the line of progress and modem
civilization, listen toGattlni, a member of the
Italian Parliament, as he Mki:
"What share has the Papacy taken in this
work? Is it the press ? Is it electricity? Is
it steam? Is it chemical analyst ? Is it self
government? Is it the principles of national
ity 7 Is it the proclamation of the rights of
man, of the liberty of conscience? Of ail this
the Papacy is the negation. Its culminating
points are Gregory I, who, like Omar, burnt
libraries ; Gregory VII, who destroyed a moiety
of Rome and cremated the temporal sov
ereignty; Mureant 111, who founded the In
quisition; Boniface IX, who destroyed the
last remains of municipal liberty in Rome;
Pius VII, who committed the same wrong in
Bologna; Alexander VI, who established the
ceusorship of books; Paul 111, who published
the bull for the establishment of the Jesuits;
Pius V, who covered Europe with burning
funeral pyres; Urban VIII, who tortured Gal
lileo, and Pius IX, who has given us the mod
ern syllabus."
When Count Cavour, the Prime Minister to
Victor Emmanuel, came into power, he under
stood the force of genera', intelligence and de
clared that he would overthrow the Papal do-
I minion not by lire and fagot, thumbscrew and
superstition— her favorite weapons— but by the
introduction of modern civilization. "I will
take Rome," said he, "by railways, by electric I
telegraphs, by agricultural, implements, by
establishing national banks, by gratuitous
education on a large scale, by civil marriages,
by the secularization of conventual property,
by the enactment of a model code, embodying
the most lenient laws of Europe, and by the '
suppression of corporal punishment. I will
place the spirit of modern expansion face to
face with the old spirit of obscuration. lam
quite certain the former will triumph. I will
establish a blockade of new civiization around
Rome. If she undergoes a modification she
will come to us ; if she remains unchanged she
will, by constant comparison, become so dis
gusted with her state of inferiority that she
will throw herself into our arms to escape de- ;
struction. "
That day dawned in 1870 with the en
trance of Victor Emanucl into Rome, accom- ;
panied by ! c little dogcart laden with the
Protestant Bible and followed by the Protest
ant missionaries.
Rome has condemned the spirit of modern
progrei-s ami set her seal of commenda
tion upon the fossilized corpse of pre-Reiorma
tion Romanism. H. W. Bowman.
THE LAST OF W. C. RIPPEY.
Former Friends View the Re
mains of the Man Who
Shot Mackay.
The Wounded Millionaire Changed
His Plans After His Assassin
Was Convicted.
The funeral of Wesley C. Rippey, who
shot and seriously wounded John W.
Mackay, the millionaire mining man, a few
years ago, will take place to-day from the
parlors of an undertakinge«tablishmenton
Eddy street. The body will be interred in
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, this arrangement
having been made by his wife, from whom
THE LATE WESLEY C. RIPPEY, WHO SHOT MILLIONAIRE JOHN W. MACKAY.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
he has been separated for the past fourteen
years.
From the time Rippey lired the murder
ous shot at the rich man, which was fol
lowed by his placing a pistol bullet in his
own body, the assassin seemed to have
been shunned oy his former friends as
they would avoid a son of Cain. After
recovering from the self-inflicted wound
and after serving his sentence for simple
assault, Rippey has lived practically by
himself, few people caring to visit him.
He had a room at 428 Natoma street, and
how he managed to exist was not known
to any except a few relatives and Dr.
Newali, who for a long time cared for the
old man in a professional way. Aside
from the physician and one or two rela
tives few visited him.
After he had passed away Rippey's for
mer friends remembered him asain and
ail day yesterday the undertaker's parlors
were filled with old gray-bearded men who
knew and liked the aged pioneer before his
mind became warped and lie acquired a
mania for shooting millionaires. To
judge from their remarks he was a big
hearted companion in his younger days.
At the time of his death Rippey was 75
years old. During the last three 'years, in
fact since he attempted to kill Mackay, he
has been rapidly tailing in health. The
bullet-wouna nearly caused his death at
the time and since his partial recovery he
has been on the decline.
There is an incident connected with the
shootine that is only known to a few of
Mr. Mackay's friend's. At the time of this
serious affair Mr. Mackay was preparing to
engage in several large undertakings in
this City and on the coast. He had the
Postal Telegraph scheme well in hand and
his / .:oniitiential agents were looking into
several other business ventures.
Among these were plans for fine stock,
farming, the development of several prom
ising mines, and there wtre statements
made That he would head a scheme to
make a railroad connection with the Santa
Fe line. At any rate he proposed to make
San Francisco his home, and as he ex
pressed it, "spend his money in the place
where he had made it."
After he recovered from Rippey's bullet
wound Mr. Mackay evidently expected
that the full penalty of the law would be
dealt out to the assassin. In this he was
disappointed, for the charge was reduced
from an assault to commit murder to a
simple assault. This disgusted the mil
lionaire and Rippey was scarcely lodged in
the County Jail before Mackay began to
change all "of his plans.
Arrangements fur racehorses, railroads,
mines and farms were wiped off the
programme with a rapidity that was as
tonishing. He declared that San Fran
i is-co was not a safe place for rich men.
When a jury of representative men, so he
said, would condone murder by letting
murderers go free or as nearly free as pos
sible it was high time for rich men to hie
themselves to safer climes. This he pro
posed to do, and as toon as he could
straighten up his affairs he left for New
York with the determination of making
his home in the East.
And old man Rippey served his time in
jail and then drilted out into the world
again. From what can be learned he be
came more rational after his troubles, and
realizing that he was socially under a
ciou'l he lived quietly and in poverty un
til death came to hi-* relief.
SADLER'S ODD MISTAKE
Believing Governor Jones Dead,
the Flag Was Put at
Half-Mast.
Nevada's Lieutenant-Governor Acted
Without Receiving an Offi
cial Report.
A very strange tale of official precipi
tancy comes down from Nevada, but it
comes from such a source and appears to
be so well vouched for that it certainly is
worthy of publication.
The story is that Lieutenant-Governor
Sadler, who, in the event of the death of
Governor Jone?, would succeed to the
gubernatorial chair, ha«l taken time by
the forelock and proceeded to take posses
sion of the Governor's office and the full
ness thereof. Believing that Governor
Jones, who, for the past week or more has
been in a very critical condition at the
Palace Hotel, was really dead, Sadler or
dered the Hag half-masted on the Capitol
at Carson City and at once declared him
self the Governor.
He even went further than this and ap
pointed his private secretary. Then he
telegraphed to Governor Jones' secretary,
William T. Hanford, for the keys to the
rooms of the executive head of the State.
The rumor that the real Governor had
passed away caused him to move in the
matter of taking immediate charge of the
State, and he thought it would be a good
plan to get hold of the keys.
When he learned thut Governor Jones
was getting better every day and that the
rumor of his death was groundless, he
pulled down the nag and laid off to await
further developments.
Strangely enough, at the hour when
Nevada's executive head was said to be
dying he was really beginning to show
marked signs of recovery.
ALL FOR HOME PRODUCTS
Review of the First Year of the
Manufacturers' Asso
ciation.
MANAGERS DID VEEY WELL.
Comprehensive Plans for This Year's
Fight in Favor of California
Industries.
A special meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Manufacturers and Pro
ducers' Association was held yesterday to
hear the report of the special committee
appointed to investigate the management
of the association's affair?. The investi
gation was started by the attempt of
Director Sproule to oust Secretary Mead,
Assistant Secretary F. H. Dinele and
Promoter Tacey and have a ecneral man
ager appointed to take charge of affairs,
subject to the direction of the board of
directors. The committee consisted of M.
J. Keller. W. F. Bowers and M. M. Me-
Glynn.
These gentlemen looked Into every de
tail connected with the management of
the association and reported in substance
as follows:
After a thorough investigation of the work
done by this association, largely set forth in
the annual report of the secretary, which is
presented herewith, your committee has ar
rived at the conclusion that the pest manage
ment ol the affair." of the association ln.
very efficient. Fully realizing the difficulties
under which the management labored at the
commencement of the work, owing to the fact
that the work was a new one and that every
thing that was done was to some extent in tile
nature of an experiment, we think we have
good reason to be proud of the good that has
be«n accomplished, as we feel sure tiiat no
public organization ever formed in the State
of California can show a record such as ours
for the first nine months of its existence.
We also desire to call special attention to the
fact that the association winds up the first nine
months of its existence with a balance on hand ,
after meeting all liabilities, which we consider
a very rood evidence of the efficiency of the
management. We therefore recommend that
the present management and office staff be not
chanced, as we are satisfied from all we have
been able lo discover that the competency of
the same is beyond question.
Considerable good has been accomplished by
the publishing and circulation ol printed
matter upon the subject of •'Patronizing Home
Industries." The most of this printed matter
was in the shape of editorials from City and
State papers and journals, and contained some
very good advice to the consumer, as well as
the manufacturer and producer.
A great deal of valuabl*- work was done
through the efforts of the officers of the asso
ciation in th« way of letters written to public
and private institutions, requesting them to
give the preference to California manufactures
and products where they found prices and
quality equal.
Another branch of the work done by the as
sociation we consider worthy of special men
tion, and that is the holding of public meet
ings in different sections of the State. This
work was started by the holding of meetings in
Stockton, Oakland. San Jose and feanta Cruz,
and it was the intention to continue holding
these meetings at the principal points through
out the State, but it was found necessary to
delay the same on account of lack of sufficient
funds for the purpose, and it is hoped that at n.
very early date the holding of these meetings
can be resumed.
To carry on the work of the association in
the same vigorous manner that it has been
carried on heretofore, it is necessary that the
s^ociation should have nn income "of $500 to
.*oOO per month, which amount would permit
of restoring and keeping up the office staff r.nd
of carrying on the routine work of the oflice.
But in order to carry out the pians partly ma
tured, more specifically referred to hereafter,
in the way of advertising the products of the
State of California, and of fostering and pro
tecting the manufacturing industries of the
State, a revenue of from $800 to $1000 per
montn will he necessary.
The association has now a membership of
about 1100. Some of these 1100 will probably
drop out on the second year, from '.act of in
terest or other reasons, but we think we can
safely count on having from SOO to 1000 pay
ing members to depend upon, and with the
renewed energy that chould be put into the
association work, this number will be very
materially increased.
The success of :he Oakland Exposition was
largely contriDuted to by tins association, and
it has been suggested and recommended by
the secretary that this association should take
immediate steps to arrange for holding in the
City of San Francisco a similar exposition.
This exposition we think should be held at
as early a date as possible, a.nd immediately
thereafter this association snould take steps to
orga: ize and hold similar expositions in every
coun;y in the State of California.
The question of the sale of prison-made
goods, in competition with goods made by free
white labor, has been under consideration by
this association for a short time past, and
through the efforts of this association the Gov
ernor has just appointed a commission to visit
Eastern prisons and thoroughly investigate
the subject.
Inasmuch as an inspection of the by-laws
shows that there is no provision made limiting
the amount of assessment to which the stock is
liable, your committee would recommend that
a resolution be passed by the board fixing a
rate of assessment not to exceed $1 per
per month.
The recommendations for new work con
tained in the secretary's annual report hereto
fore mentioned are mainly practicable, and we
think would prove beneficial to the work of
the association. We desire to call particular
attention to the following recommendations:
The introduction of textbooks in the public
schools of the State of California, such books
to be got up with an idea to teaching the
young Californian what are the developed and
undeveloped resources, the manufactures and
products of his own State, and other informa
tion of value relating to the above-mentioned
subjects.
The organization of "home product" clubs.
Compiling statistics of goods imported into
the State.
Keeping close watch of all opportunities for
th« introduction of home products by Boards
of Supervisors, commissions and in all public
institutions ani private enterprises
Holding special meetings of the different in
dustries to determine what can be done by this
association in the way of benefiting such in
dustries.
The adoption of a trademark or device to
designate ihe products of the State of Califor
nia. This trademark or device should of
course, be patented or copyrigtiteJ, and full
measures taken to protect the same.
The holding 01 a homo industry fair in San
Francisco.
The compilation of a directory of home prod
ucts. *
The persistent carrying on of the present agi
tation against the importation of Japanese
cheap-labor manufactures and State prison
made goods.
Your committee further recommends that
the present management of this association
and the work accomplished by it receive the
full indorsement of this board of directors, and
that the lecommendations contained in 'he
secretary's report, as well as those in this re
port, be given lull and careful consideration
At the conclusion of the rer.ort Mr
bproule stated that in the remarks that lie
had made from which the investigation
was started he had no intention to cast any
reflection upon the management, and he
regretted that his words had been miscon
strued. He spoke only for the general im
provement and advance of the association
and not because he wanted to rind a posi
tion for Professor Emory F. Smith. He
moved that the committee's report be
aiioptcd.
It was not the intention to present the
annual report at present, but iii order that
the investigating committee might have
a full insight into the work dorm by the as
sociation the secretary sent in his" annual
report, of which the following are the
principal features:
To-day the association has & membership of
KilO. comprising 1180 paying members and
130 publishers, whoso dues have been re
mitted. Of the 1180 paying member*. 808
have paid the full year's dues of $6: 158 have
paid $4 50; 137. $-3, and 77,1*1 50. There have
oeen dropped from the roli about 152 mem
bers who have refused to pay anything.
The membership of 1310 (January 1, 1896)
represents 272 branches of industry in eighty
nine cities and towns of the State, and accord
ing to A. G. Dun's Commercial Agency, has a
capital rating of about $82,900,000.' It hes
been estimated that the members of this asso
ciation employ about 52,500 peesons, and on
the basis of "live dependents to one employe
would make 262,500 persons interested di
rectly in the achievement of the object of this
association.
Tiie magnificent success of the Oakland Li
position held December 16 to 23 can be looked
moon as in a large measure due to the educa
tional work carried on by tms association.
The enthusiasm of the people for home prod
ucts and their interest in home industry clearly
Drove.! that the seeds sown by the Manufactur
ers' and Producers-Association during the past
nine months have taken root and are begin
nme to bring forth good fruit. This assoclat on
was presented at the Oakland Exposition
for about three weeks by a delegate sent by the
Unorder \o 'keep the work of the association
moving until some permanent arrangement
can be made to provide a sufficient income,
several members of the association have agreed
to pay a monthly sum from £2 to .>jO
per month, which subscription now being
paid. it amounts at the present time to $225
a month, but it is expected that this will be in
creased if necessary. should bo lorgaol.ed in
Home-product clubs should be Torganizod in
ail V," - c.?le» of the State, the M.nutacturers
and Producers' Association supplying them
with constitutions and by-law and with iiU
necessaiy printed matter to hold weekly or
monthly meetings and discuss the various re
sources and products of the State. Have the
members of these clubs >i?n pledges to use
home products and supply them with com
plete directories, giving the name or trade
mark of every article manufactured or pro
duced by the members 01 the association.
These clubs would in other weyr- be of immense
assistance in carrying on the work of the asso
ciation, as through them we could get infor
mation as to the product? and undeveloped re
sources of their respective localities. Means
should be provided so that statistics could be
collected showing all articles imported into
the State, and by that means no doubt manu
facturers could be induced to establish plants
for the manufacture of such articles as could
be profitably but arc not made here.
The association should have men of intelli
gence who could be present at all meetings ot
Supervi>ors, commissioners, etc.. to keep close
watch upon the awarding of contracts, the
purchase of supplies, etc. ,
We should also be able to at all times know
what improvements are contemplated by public
officers or private individuals, bo as to be able
to use the influence of the association in be
half of home products before specifications are
drawn and contracts awarded.
The question of the use of a trademark to
be used on California-made goods could we.l
te opened up again and thoroughly inquired
into, as an apparently strong feeling exists
that one could be made use of.
After the reports were read and the sug
gestions approved Julian Sonnta? brought
up t lie question of holding t!ie next con
vention. He said that when the associa
tion incorporated in .September the officers
were elected to hold office for one year.
There were many members, however, who
believed that the election was to he had :it
the annual convention one year from the
organization of the manufacturers into a
body iast April. He thought it only fair
that a new board should be elected early
this year if the mem hers desired.
Chairman Scott shared his views stating
that the present directors could tender
their resignations to be accepted or re
jected as the members deemed best.
The subject was submitted to a special
committee consisting of Keller, Sproule
and Sonntag, who are to look into the by
laws governing the association and report
at the next meeting.
He Took It Out la Trade.
The Rev. T. p. Clarke, former pa««to- of
one of the Methodist Episcopal entireties
in Syracuse, and now pastor of an inde
pendent church in Brooklyn, was noted
for his success witb the poorer churches in
the country districts. He always suc
ceeded in getting the fall amount of hi 3
salary, being content to take the same in
cash or products, as his congregation
inieht elect. He was located one year at
Bridgeport, Madison County, on one of
the poorest charges of the district. At the
close of his first sermon to the Bridgeport
church, he said: "Now, brethren ami
sisters, I know you have not much money
to pay your pastor, but I think we will get
along all right. You who cannot pay in
casii pay in potatoes or cheese or batter or
hay. Pay in anything you raise on your
farm except two things — dried applcsand
brooms. The last charge I had stocked
me up with enough of them to last ten
year?. Remember I draw the line at dried
apples and brooms.' I—Syracuse1 — Syracuse Post.
NEW 10-DAT.
J^|L Guessing
mm May Cost
Wfl You $20.
Before you decide, oyh>s m >. i
Better call and in- s .- &<s&*'
spect, compare ,' *' rS^jr^jf
and test the beau- 4££p"&Jk
tiful — TffSV Tstt£sA
Men's, $85 r'T"" %'££
Ladies', 575 B !\^sSS
Catalogue free. Agents wanted.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
J. S. CONWELL, Manager,
18 and 20 ncAllister St., S. F.
Dangtf Signals "
More than half the victims of consump-
tion do not know they have it. Here is a list
of symptoms by which consumption can
certainly be detected:—
Cough, one or two slight efforts on
I rising, occurring during the day and fre-
quently during the night.
Short breathing after exertion.
Tightness of the chest.
Quick pulse, especially noticeable in the
evening and after a full meal.
Chilliness in the evening, followed by
Slight fever.
Perspiration toward morning and
'Paleface and languid in the morning.
Loss of vitality.
If you have these symptoms, or any of
them, do not delay. There are many
preparations which claim to be cures, but
Dr. Hckcr's etifliui) RcaKiyfcr Consumption
has the highest endorsements, and ha.*-
stood the test of years. !t will arrest con-
sumption in its ■earlier stages, and drive
away the symptoms named. It is manu-
factured by the Acker Medicine Co., 16
and IS Chambers St., New York, and sold
by all reputable druggists.
"Fggs house,
Via «us» ixixa. stou., ID. C
The Hotel " Far Kxcellouce"
Of the Katiosai Capital. .First class in all appotai-
menu. y, DkWITT. i"re*».
American plan, $3 per day aad
upward.
HEALTH RESORTS.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
Is under strictly regular management: a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure!
massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move^
ments. dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that is included in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water
even temperature and restful scenery may be
obtained. '
Terms: Room, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to $20 per week. "
Sena for circular:. St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Xapa County. Cal.
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Mask* it
at 7a. m. and 4 m., via Vallejo Junction reach-
ing St. Helena at 10:-15 a. m. and 7:08 p. v.NEW FACTORIES IN JAPAN
Nearly Forty Have Been Built
in Osaka the Past Few
Years.
BIG SLEEVES AND IMPORTS.
More of the Investigating Committee.
Reports on Facilities for Trans
portation.
The Japanese investigating con.mittee
met again yesterday at the office of the
Manufacturers' Association. The report
of the committee on transportation facili
as received, and the committee on
imports stated that they would be ready
to report at the next meeting.
A letter from Congressman Grove L.
Johnson to Mr. Craig was read in which
the representative thanked him for some
newspaper clippings and other matter sent
on, and said:
They will be of assistance to me in endeavor
ing to awakeu the people of the F.ast to the
danger to our manufacturers and people of the
unfair competition of Japanese cht-au'labur. I
received your telegram and have also noticed
in the sau I-'raiicisco papers the ;;ood work tt;at
you have been doing in the n.atier.
There were present Hugh Craig (the
chairman), W. B. Curtis, J. P. Currier,
George H. Collins, Julian Sonntag and A.
Sbarbora of the committee.
Hugh Craig stated that an agent of his
company at Yokohama, while passing
through the other day, had said that the
exports of piece silk" from Japan m 1889
were valued at $500,000. while in 1895 they
had increased to $11,000,0 10.
Mr. Collins said that he would like to
snow what had been the export lor 18
J. P. Currier replied that the importation
and sale in this country of Japanese silk
had fallen off, he had been informed,
largely owing to the demand for stiff silk
for the big sleeves that are now the
iasiiion, and the Japanese made only soft
silk.
Mr. Craig remarked that the price of a
good quality of silk in Japan was only 10
cents a yard, and that to compete against
this there could be only one possible solu
tion, and that was a tariff high enough to
enable American workmen to live as they
had been used to living and compete with
the cheap labor of Japan.
Professor George Davidson called in to
suggest that the committee employ Horace
D. Dunn, who had fur many years been
Vice-Consul for Japan at this port, and
who is familiar with the questions before
the committee, t.> gather statistics. The
professor was asked to speak of what he
had seen while in Japan some years ago.
''I had a very good opportunity to see
everything:, as the Japanese Government
placed some officers in our party." He
said, "T/ie Japanese are not at all inven
tive. Their machinery is all imported,
and there is little danger that they will do
anything in the line oi inventions. There
were only two a: tides they were shipping
to any extent— tea and silk. Even the
watches they were mating were made
witfa A me: ican machinery."
Mr. Craig said that me" point impressed
on the committee was that the Japanese
1 our American machinery, buy
American cotton or other raw material
and go into the English market where
labor ..an it is here and compete.
Professor Davidson said that Colonel
Fred Crocker, who had lately visited Ja
pan, had told him that in Osaka there were
thirty-fire or thirty-seven factories which
were not there when the professor visited
tnat city. He suggested that Colonel
Crocker be asked to address the committee,
as he had made a study of these questions.
The committee accepted the suggestion.
. report of the committee on trans
portation was presented as follows:
San Francisco, Cal., Jan. lti, 1H96.
Mr. Hugh Craig. Chairman : Your committee
on rates aud facilities of traiiiportatiou be-
DR. JOSEPH O. HIRSCHFEI-DER.
tween Japan and the United States would re- I
port as follows:
The empire of Japan comprises a chain of ;
Islands extending northerly and southerly
and to the eastward ot the eastern shores of !
China and a portion of Russia, and divided
therefrom by the Japan Sea, the eastern shores |
of the ieland being washed by the Pacific Ocean, j
Theempire includes within its' limits 155,- ;
552 square miles of territory, and is credited j
with a population approximating 40,000,000 j
souls.
The current treaty between that country and i
the United States opens to commerce of our
country the ports of Kobe, Hakodate, Yoko
hama, Nagasaki and Xigata. i-'or the purpose
of this report we will deal with Yokohama, as
it lean index to the whole. From Sail irnn
cisco Yokohama is distant, ordinary steam i
route, 4o'.M> niiiej-; steam by way of Honolulu |
5390, and by sailing route 5600. From New
York the dUtauce is: Via Good Hope, sail, i
15,217 mile*; via Suez canal, steam, UJ, 040. !
en Liverpool and Yokohama via Good
Hope 14,505 miles, arui via Suez canal 10,900 j
m i les.
The facilities for transportation of freight I
between Japan and the United siaies are equal j
to the facilities afforded to all great ports of
the world at the present day.
'] raffle between Atlantic ports of the United
hate.'- and Japan is carried either in sailing j
vessels or in tramp steamers. The number of |
available for the trade is iliinitable, <
and as far as that goes the facilities will keep ;
iih the demands.
Between the Pacific Coast and Japan there is
at present live lines of steamships plying from
the following ports: San Krancisco two and
one each from Portland. Tacoma and Victoria, j
The facilities to and from the port of San Fran- j
Cisco cannot be said at present to equal the de- |
mands, since attain and again is cargo left on !
the dock at this port because of lack of space
in outgoing steamers. This, however, in con- '
nection with the subject at issue is a trivial |
point. Sail charters can be secured for the j
voyage from Japan to San FranciMO at $2 50 I
per ton weight or measurement at ship's op- !
tion.
The articles to which the attention of this
committee has been specially directed, namely,
cotton goods, manufactured silks, rope, jute,
carpets, bags, iron, products of iron machinery,
buttons, watches, matches, bicycles and rubber
Roods are at present imported almost entirely
by the steamer routes and as near as can be as
certained pay freight from Yokohama to San
Francisco on an average approaching $8 per
loa weight or measurement at ship's option.
except perchance upon matches or watches,
which rate higher.
I pon all of the articles named rates per 100
pounds from Yokohama to Kastern destina
tions through this port will range from $1 50
per 100 pounds to $3 50 per 100 pounds, and
will vary from steamer to steamer.
Freights from Japan to New York have in
the last year reached the lowest known ebb,
ranging as low as 40 shillings per ton measure
ment. It will at once be seen that rates and
facilities for transportation between this coun
try ami Japan are consistent and adequate for
the handling of any volume of trade, be it
great or little.
Again, scrutinizing the articles under con
sideration, it is lound that the tariff of the
United States provides a duty upon the same
ranging from 20 to 40 per cent, that duty being
the same as levied upon the same articles
whether originating in Japan or any other
! foreign country.
(>n the other hand, large quantities of the
articles unaer consideration are now being
imported from other countries than Japan, the
imports from Japan by comparison being but a
drop in the bucket.
It does not seem reasonable nor is it logical
reasoning to suppose that Japan has thus,
meteor-like, sprung into the front rank of
manufacturing at one bound.
England, the greatest exporter of manufac-
I tures in the world, has reached supremacy
i through a thousand years of experience and
i aggressive policy, andit wouid appear to this
committee, therefore, that we are anticipating
tht- course of events by many years In believ
ing Japan capable, that is, able to compete
with us for many years to come.
AYe read in the daily papers of a proposed
meeting of manufacturers to be held in Chi
cago shortly, at which it is expected 5000
representatives will be present from all parts
of the United ftates, and it is advanced as a
good idea that they organize for the purpose,
among other things, of pushing the sale of our
j manufactures in South America, Japan, China
I and other countries.
The balance of trade to-day with the United
{ States is in favor of Japan. This is entirely
i from the fart of our heavy imports of tea and
, raw silk. Vet with increasing consumption of
our cution in Japan und prospects of sale of
our manufactured goods in that country it is
not without the boundg of possibility to yet
write the balance on the other side. With 'nil
these facts in view your committee is of the
opinion, and would take the liberty of ex
pressing the same, that any drawback or un
: timely move which would antagonize our best
interests in Japan taken at this time should 1 be
avoided; and further, that it is the sense of
- . mmittee that our representatives in Con
gress should be pressed to endeavor to have a
commission appointed by our Government to
i visit Japan and properly report in detail upon
; the resources of that country to compete with
out home manufactures and in our o»vn mar-
I kets.
We believe that a vital point will be con
served if a ne%v treaty can* be negotiated with
Japan, and that therein shall be embodied a
claufce making the patent laws reciprocal.
The present treaty, in effect since 18oZ, un
doubtedly is not adequate to cover the changed
conditions and trade relations which have
sprung up since its enactment.
All of which is very respectfully submitted.
W. B. O'l-.T1.-S
Julian Sonntag.
The committee after some discussion ac
cepted the report. It was decided to in
vite Colonel Cracker to address the com
mittee at the next meeting, which will be
held Thursday of next week, at 2 r. M.
William P. Bowers, Wakefield Baker
and William Rutherford of the sub-com
mittee on amount of exports and imports
had not finished their work and came in
after the meeting had adjourned to ask
for further time.
THE LYMPH INJECTION
Patient James Willey 's Record
in the City and County
Hospital.
He Swore Violently— Dr. Joseph C.
Hirschfelder's Statement of
the Case.
Concerning the Jymph treatment for
! consumption at the City and County Hos
: pital and the remarkable statement of the
patient, James Willey, published in yes-
I terday's Call, Dr. Joseph O. Hirscbfelder
. last evening reluctantly gave the following
statement for publication :
I "The statements of the patient, James
i Willey, are entirely untrue. He came into
: tlie hospital in a very low condition. The
j injections were given to bim as a last re
j sort. According to his own statement,
; made during the time of the treatment, he
j improved decidedly.
"The lymph used at that time in the
J early stages of the investigation caused a
i little pain locally. On this account he
i desired to discontinue the treatment,
although, according to the records of the
ward, he had decidedly improved, feeling
better, coughing less and looking decidedly
I better. He received no further treatment,
i according to the new method, after No
' veinber 9. He remained in the ward until
I January 13, and then left on account of a
! dispute with the female nurse of the ward,
in which dispute he swore so violently
■ that the nurse was compelled to report
him to the interne on duty.
"Tne lymj>h that is used now causes no
pain, and all of the patients who are treated
with it are enthusiastic in its praise, their
| cough diminishing, their weight increas
| ing. the bacilli of tuberculosis diminishing
> with all, and with some disappearing
j entirely. One patient has gained as much
i as fifteen pounds in four weeks.
*'I feel very sorry to be obliged to make
any statement whatsoever, as a sufficient
j time has not yet elapsed to enable one to
j speak positively."
Dr. Fitzgibbons of the lioard of Health
' saiil the treatment at the hospital was
I under the direction of capable physicians.
i The internes, or the young physicians, who
j had just graduated from college, made
! daily reports to their superiors of the con
! dition of patients. Should it come to the
knowledge of the Board of Health that a
system of treatment threatening the lives
of patients was followed, the Board of
Health would have power to change the
course.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
ORDER OF B'NAI B`RITH
The Annual Session ot the Grand
Lodge to Be Held on
Sunday.
WHAT THE SOCIETY HAS DONE.
Important Matters Expected to Come
Up for Consideration and Dis
cussion.
The annual session of the Grand Lodge
of the Independent Order of B'nai B'rith
will be held in B'nai B'rith Hall, on Eduy
street, next Sunday.
At this session several matters of im
portance will be considered. One of those
is the question of increasing the assess-
Henry Jones, Founder of the Order.
[From an engraving.]
ment for the beneficiary members. At
present each member contributes $2 50
monthly to a fund used for the benefit of
members, or, more properly, for tne rela
tives of deceased members. Any single
member may participate in the beneficiary
feature if he desires, but every married
member must take out a beneficiary cer
tificate for the benefit of his family.
. There are a numb ■■■: of members of the
organization who think that the monthly
assessment should be increased from
$2 50 to $5. Against this proposition are
arrayed a great number of members
who have contributed to the fund for more
I. O. B. B. WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' HOMF:, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
than a quarter of a century, and who think
that at this late day it would be an impo
sition to^ make them pay an advanced
assessment. They are willing that all
members who join after a stated date shall
pay $5. but they claim that those who
were members prior to that dato .should
be allowed to pay as they have in the. past.
Another matter will be the continuing
of the school organized under the auspices
of the order, the one in which the pupils
receive religious training and in which
they are instructed in the Hebrew lan
guage. For some time past the school has
drifted from its original purpose, which
was to give instruction to the children of
members exclusively. The expense of
maintaining the school i 3 borne by the
lodge, but children whose parents do not
belong to the order and who are not mem
bers of any of the local Hebrew congrega
tions, having BOCght unsuccessfully to
gain admission to the schools connected
with the congregations, were advised to
try the B'nai B'rith School, and in a num
ber of instances were received as pupils.
Some members of the order want the
school conducted on its original lines or
abolished, while others wish it continued
so as to admit all who need instructions.
A proposition to erect a new hall on the
order's property on Van Ness avenue so
as to have a suitable place in which to
hold the session of the Constitution Gmnd
Lodge, the superior body of the order,
soon to meet in this City, will also
come up.
The Order of B'n&i B'rith was founded
in New York City in 1812 by Henry Janes.
The first lodge on this coast, Ophir No. 21,
was organized oj» the l&tb of August, 1855.
There are now thirty-rive lodges in the
Pacific Coast jurisdiction, which includes
California, Nevada, Washington, Oregon,
Utah and Montana. Reports from all sec
tions show that the order is in a prosper
ous condition and that it has over's2oo,<)oo
to the credit of the beneficiary fund. In
this City the order has a fine library free,
for members, with nearly 20,000 volumes
on its shelve?.
The executive committee of the Consti
tution Grand Lodge, in a pamphlet recently
issued, gives the following brief review of
the work accomplished in the iifty-two
years of its existence :
Yon are aware that the founders of the order
of B'nai B'rith.in endeavoring to unite the
Israelites for a common purpose, had a twofold
object in view— the charitable and benevolent
and the educational and ideal.
To accomplish tnese objects they conceived
the idea of an order composed of lodges with a
ritual which should appeal to the imagination
of those for whose use it was composed as the
best means oi bringing into harmonious union
the Israelites of this country, who, by reason
of diversity of nationality, education and re
ligioua viows and observances, were really as
widely separated as though no common tie of
unity existed among them. To bring these
differing elements together, to teach them to
forget their peculiarities and prejudices, to
recognize the good in each, to respect the sin
cere opinions of all, while preserving individ
ual independence of thought and action, to
inculcate respect for authority and law and to
recognize that only by the harmonious co
operation of all can the rights of each be ""tai)
lishod and maintained, was the firtt task im
posed upon the lodges, and it lias been success
fully accomplished.
About twelve years ago the order took steps
to enlarge its sphere of activity, and a lo<lj.'e
wan instituted in Berlin, Germany. From this
small beginning great results have been
achieved.
Roumania, the scene of the labors of our
lamented Brother Peixotto, is the battle
ground of a devoted band of brothers. Perse
cuted and oppressed as the Israelites are in tnat
land, they look to the order for encouragement
and support in the creation and maintenance
of schools and educational institutions.
In the Orient v. f e have sown our teed, and
are reaping a gratifying harvest. In the Holy
Land and in Egypt, in Syria and Turkey we
have established lodges. Our schools for both
general anJ technical education, hospitals ana
libraries are admitted to be doing good and
noble work in dispelling ignorance and spread
ing abroad the light of civilization.
Austria, too, has felt the quickening rays of
our sun and has welcomed the order B'nai
B'rith; ten lodges, with a membership of the
very best of our people, are striving to ex
emplify its principles.
A number of educational and charitable in
titutions are supported ana maintained en
tlrely by the order. \\~e call especial attention
to the following:
The Home for Aged and Infirm atYonkers,
N. V., in which seventy old men and women
find a comfortable shelter in their declining
years; the Mamonides Free Library in New
York, whose 50,000 volumes of selected litera
ture are open to the general public; the orphan
asylum at Cleveland, Ohio, and that at At
lanta, Ga., the two sheltering over 700 desti
tute children, educating and training them to
usefulness and good citizenship, and entirely
controlled by the order, while the orphan asy
lum and the Touro Shelter at New Orleans are
to a great extent supported by our brethren;
The B'nai B'rith library at San Francisco, with
its thousands of volumes dedicated to public
instruction, and recognized as the reference
library of the public schools; a free school for
religious instruction is maintained by the or
der in San Francisco with beneficial effect; the
Hebrew Technical School ot Philadelphia pro
vides manual training in the mechanical arts
to a large number of deserving pupils.
Besides these nearly every lodge is a center
of educational and benevolent activity. Lec
ture courses have been established, evening
schools for children and adults have been
called into existence and libraries are open to
the seekers after knowledge. Jn doing this it
has offended no man's feelings, but has united
the orthodox and the radical, the reformer and
tne conservative, upon one platform, and has
adopted a motto to which all can subscribe,
"The Solidarity of Israel and Its Greatest
Good."
WERE MARRIED AT SEA
Strange Predicament in Which a
Santa Cruz Couple Was
Placed.
The Bride Arrived on Time, but
Two Months' Residence Was
Necessary.
The story of one of the most romantic
marringes ever performed on tne high seas
was brought to Ban Francisco by the
Pacific Mail Company's steamer City of
Sydney yesterday.
It was a question of the bride remaining
in Guatemala for two months before the
ceremony could take place, or else
going to sea and having the ceremony per
formed. She chose the latter alternative,
and Captain Frant H. Johnston tied the
knot.
When the City of Sydney left San Fran
cisco two months ago, Miss Edna Miller of
Santa Cruz was one of the cabin passen
gers. At Champerico she was to have met
her betrothed, Harry Berge, and according
to prearrangenumts they were to be mar
ried as soon as the steamer arrived. Be
tween the sailing of the Sydney from this
port and her arrival at Champerico, Berge
; applied for a license, and was dumfounded
j when he was told that he could no be mar
i ried under the laws of G-uattsrnala until
j Miss Miller had Jived two months in the
j country. This was a setback, and when
i the bride arrived she refused to be com-
I fortcd.
It was then that Captain Johnston
stepped in and made the yotffig couple
happy again. He knew Harry Berge be
fore he left San Francisco, and was ready
to do all in his power to help him. The
young man is an electrician and went to
• i'juteraaia under engagement to the Gov
ernment. He is stationed at Quezalten
finKO, sixty miles from the seacoast, and
has full control of the electric plant estab
lished there. When he explained the pre
dicament Johnston said, "What's the mat
ter with getting married at sea? Nine
mile? off shore I can perform the ceremony,
and it will be just as binding as though
you were married in church and had the
necessary license. Two months from now
you can be married asain if you want to,
but it will only be addinc the sanction of
the church to a iegal ceremony."
Berge and Miss Miller jumped at the
opportunity and a few hours later the City
of Sydney was under way and A. M*.
Blackman and a host of others were soon
hard at work decorating the ship and get
ting the hurricane deck and saloon ready
for the ceremony. The cooks were put to
work and by the time the Sydney was nine
miles off shore a sumptuous repast was
ready.
When Captain Johnston after a careful
examination announced that the ship was
more than three marine leagues from
shore the bride and groom were notified.
Everybody assembled on the hurricane
deck and under a beautiful marriage bell
made of tropical flowers procured at
Champerico the ceremony was performed.
The bride had her wedding gown with
her, and Captain Johnston says it was a
magnificent robe of white silk. The usual
veil and orange blossoms accompanied
the costume.
Louis Hirsch of Castle Bros., who had
been reported as dyine of yellow fever,
was well enough to giv© the bride away.
Miss May Taber was bridesmaid, and
Lieutenant Ferris, U. S. A., best man.
In spite of the strange surroundings the
ceremony was a most impressive one, and
it was only after Captain Johnston had
kissed the bride and addressed her as Mrs.
Beree that the spell was broken. Then
the congratulations poured in from the
passeneers, and it was some time before an
adiournment was taken to the cabin.
The City of Sydney waß kept at aea for a
few hours longer and then returned to
Champerico. Mr. and Mrs. Berge were
trivcn three cheers as they stepped off the
gangplank, and the steamer headed for
San Francisco.
The remainder of the voyage was an un
eventful one, and the steamer brings no
later news than came up on the City of
Everett.
MRS. JOY'S LANDING.
Permission to rut It in Place Granted
by the Board of Super
visor*.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to permit
Mrs. Charles F. Joy, wife of Congressman
Joy of Missouri, to put in place the safety
landing, which she asked permission to
locate at Powell and Market streets some
time ago.
The landing is designed for the use of
ladies and children alighting from the
Market-street car and consists of a solid
slab of granite, fifteen feet long, three feet
wide and ten inches thick. It will be
placed between the tracks and will remain
at the pleasure of the board. At each
corner a po3t will be sunk in the stone
and an electric light will shine from a
mast in the center.
The landing was designed by Mrs. Joy'a
late husband. Dr. Washington Ryer, and
she is carrying out bis wiaheß iv having it
put in place.
Old People Entertained.
On Tuesday evening John T. Runyon of Lon
don entertained the boarders at the Old
People's Home by reading several selections
from the best authors, varying from the
pathetic to the light and humorous. The
music whs furnished by the Misses Weir of the
Western Addition. It is expected that a course
of lectures and pleasant entertainments will
be given at the home during the winter
mouths.
A VICTORY FOR HIGGINS
The Demurrer to Gesford's Com
plaint Has Been Sus
tained.
THE COMPLAINT IS DEFECTIVE.
It Was Not Specific in Its Allegations
of Malfeasance and Must Be
Amended.
Judge Sanderson has sustained the de
murrer of M. R. Higgins, the Insurance
Commissioner, to the suit of Henry C. Ges
ford and the people of the State to oust
him from that position. Gesford was ap
pointed to the office by Governor Budd on
the theory that Higgins has never really
qualified for the office, and further that he
had been guilty of such conduct as would
warrant his removal.
The complaint aver 3 that when Higgins
was appointed by Governor Markham in
1893 he took the usual oath of office, but
he failed to give the proper bond, lie
should have given a bond for $10,000, with
two sureties, each qualifying for the full
amount. Instead he gave a bond for that
sum with sureties qualifying each to the
amount of one-half the sum of the bond.
To this contention, however, the court an
swers that as Governor Markham had ac
cepted the bond the State had no power to
call the bond in question. If the Governor,
says the court, or any other official charged
with the approval or rejection of an of
ficial bond, by oversight or inadvertence,
approves a bond im perfect in its character
then there is not, only reason but authority
to either hold the State estopped from
challenging the bond or, if nut, then to
give the official whose imperfect bond has
been so approved notice that the same is
not satisfactory, and to allow and require
him to present a proper bond in lieu
thereof. The giving of an imperfect bond
is a aifferent matter from giving no bond
at all, particularly when such bond has
been approved by the proper authority.
Continuing, the court said of the second
count, that of mi>demeanor for having ac
cepted a railroad pass:
Assuming the second count to have been
well pleaded the action is, then, one to obtain
a judgment tnat the defendant unlawfully
holds the office by reason of his acceptance
and use of this free pass, which is a misde
meanor or malfeasance in office, being a direct
violation of law on the part of defendant as a
public State officer. The demurrer must there
fore be sustained to that portion of the com
plaint which relies on the insufficiency of the
bond.
In discussing that part of the complaint
relating to the acceptance of the pass the
defendant contended as the charge was
for an offense criminal in its character,
punishable by a forfeiture of office and also
by a fine, therefore the case should be pros
ecuted by criminal indictment or informa
tion, and the court could not entertain or
try the case under the form presented.
This contention, however, the court re
fused to sustain. The code, he said, pro
vides that such proceedings shall be pros
ecuted by common information, except
where the proceedings are had for the re
moval of civil officers of the State, and
such action may be prosecuted by the At
torney-General in civil action.
The court further states that the allega
tion of the acceptance and use of ft 1 free
pass was based on information and be
lief only, and the demurrer taken to this
on the ground of insufficiency is held well
taken, in such actions, it is announced,
where the charge is in substance and effect
criminal, the rules of pleading applicable
to criminal actions must apply and govern.
In a criminal matter an averment on in
formation and belief is not sufficient. The
party charged has a right to have a direct
and specific averment made against him.
ELEVEN NEW DRUGGISTS.
"What Was Done at the Kegular Meet-
ing of the State Board of Pharmacy.
At the regular meeting of the State
Board of Pharmacy yesterday, which was
continued from the adjourned meeting of
January 5, the following were registered
as graduates: W. F. Diesbacn, C. J. Abra
ham, S. W. Prewett, E. A. Hazen, F. G.
Lindsay, H. Lippen, J. F. Christopher, J.
yon Werthern. As licentiate (without ex
amination), JI.W. Porthwick, F. Branusch.
The following named passed the licenti
ate examination: S. Miller Jr., G. W.
Lawrence, J. J. Freeman", R. 11. Bowman,
11. L. Smith, P. F. McMorry, A. Lawrence,
E. R. Tait, C. H. Colpe, R.S. Dickhoff.
The following named passed the assist
ant examination: C. F. Newman, E. L.
Wegenet, J. H. Hughes, \V. I. Clave?, K.
L. Fletcher, \V. V. Grimes, E. Lichthardt.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That vvc concur in the recommenda
tion of the A. Ph. A. in regard to the prelimi
nary education of candidates presenting them
selves before boards of pharmacy for examina
tion.
That the secretary be instructed to notify
those who may offer themselves as licentiate
and assistant to present the evidence of their
having comrtleted the grammar course in the
public schools in this State, or in case they
have not such evidence that they furnish other
evidence to show that they are entitled to
enter the high school of this State; in ca.se
they have not such credentials they may be ex
amined in reading, writing, arithmetic, geogra
phy and composition; and in case they fail to
pass that examination satisfactorily they be
denied the privilege of taking the regular
examinations of the Doard.
The board will hold a special meeting,
April 2, 1N96, at Los Angeles, 9 A. M., prob
ably at the Westminster Hotel, and the
regular meeting at 113 Fulton street, San
Francisco, April 8, 10 a. m.
NEW TO-DAY.
IP EVERYTHING
_^____ else has
gggFASLED
'■) The Ideal Tonic
INV A R A | LY Efficacious
RESTORING HEALTH
This is asserted aftef
. ... — -...l~~~~~«j 30 years' uniform
] Mailed Free, I e«perienc». ,
j INTERESTING COLLECTION OP :
I v Portraits j
I , OF NOTED CELEBRITIES. j
Beneficial and Agreeable.
Every Test Proves imputation.
Avoid Substitutions. Askfor'VinMarfani.'
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIAN!. & CO.,
Pius: 41 Bd. rr»i— 52 W. 15thSt.,Hew7erk.
: London : 539 Oxf*rd Strett.
Wiitfs Mian Yeptalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used t hem for over forty years to pure ' ' ' .
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purity the blood. ■■
Grossman's Specific lite
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, • change of . diet, or
change In application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of - the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist lor It. Price $1 a
bottle.
2 NEW TO-DAY.
Qmy 3 Blocks y^ v
FROM THE /€L^ •
TO SECURE CHOlC^^^^^^:; :^^^
IllU! 3 "I f |!' p wfllfil
Thursday: JAfi! 23 - 9&
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM OF
10 Montgomery St.
-by-order OF.TH& PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT CO,
280 FT. MARKET ST. r-f>^ /\ » Btjf «f* p-
irn 150 FT. VALENCIA ST. Llj| iUI H "3 U'
VI ' 250 FT. MISSION ST. f|f I 111 |H|l ! '
y^ ISO FT. TWELFTH ST. 8 ■*VlflllVl»
SUB" loo ° FT 0N ADJACENT STS.
niwiri/M,!^ S * - COR - IST - AND VALENCIA STS. (140 X 295.)
DIV!SIONS N.W. COR. I7TH AND CASTRO ' STS. (48 X 90.)
NORTH S/DE WALLER - EAST OF ST/INMN Sr.
EXTRAORDJ^ARY CREDIT TERMS.
Vtm/r\i I tL%*V.'e& h\>£a? 2 C*»f i ir4 U \!st? 9^ t2S ££# 3 D B E=s o*J* 5 «^ •
ONLY 25 PERCENT CASH, BALANCE I, 2 AND 3 YfARS.
TITI IP INSURANCE POLICIES ISSUED TO PURCHASERS BYTHECALIFORNIA TITLE
llli,&. INSURANCE. AND TRUST COMPANY. AT SPECIAL RATES.
Baldwin & Hammond
AUCTIONEERS.
I THE FRUIT GROWING I
I • INDUSTRY , I
WL IS EXHAUSTIVELY TREATED IN THE M
m San Jose CT • I
I Mercury 4/1 — - — . — U
W/ A B °° X 0P 325 PAGE - 9x12 IXOHE3, JUST ISSUED. M
m^ . = /j^ Every detail i§ given, from nursery to market, including )<j((?
It orops, prices and profits. Boats Clara County, ito cities, towns, orchards, \0
. VW;. vineyards and prominent people, illustrated from 939 photographs. A. work W^
wh of art, Buitablo/or center-table, and a most appropriate Christmas work 0\
of art, iuitable # for the center-table, and a most appropriate Christmas pre«- 0K
T/K ent. There is scaree 1 ? & question that could be asked concerning Santa Wj£
yjJ/ Olara County and its resouroas that that could answered. concerning Santa Ij^y
Olara County and its resouroas that is not fully answered. \ui
\0 It will bo sent, expressaga prepaid, to any part of the United (£s3
w\ States at the following rates : Bound in Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; itfjl
7?W bound in leatherette, 51.25 per copy. J^tl
M Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, Q
y$ : San Jose, California. <?%
■ \
Choice Bulbs ared Plants.
i?^^^^^^***"^^ We P re P a y tlle P osta S e aa(l guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
W§^=«^'V^^to^sC\ Set A ~ 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong- plants 50c
fyiw'^^^iy^nm^K^ », B— lo lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c AllY
>J^M B <S^£l&i?>N£~<^ C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c J
®^SAsi^«^c&<'sSa^ l>— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
&m&t»MPfffi& I s^^!h F "~ 5 Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc FOP
fSQC. TRIAL gETS
Choice Bulbs a?id! Plants.
We prepay the postage aud guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
B— lo I,ove!y Carnations, 10 sorts 50c I Any
C— lo Prize-winniup Chrysanthemums, 10 .sorts 50c I _ J
D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c ! 3 Sets
L E-5 Grr.nd large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc FOP
\ a-101-> K aatever!iloomir.g Roses, 10 kinds 50c «, ,=
XVKf ftiPM* f M•' U-*' X— to Flowering Plant viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, $> ! *-^?
nT^^" 1 Mancttia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
RY/vt«ll V' 1 Solauia, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
>'-» ft r l<\ \\\n\-\i Dlnntn m«. 3 plants New Culif. Violet, \.^iP'L-*
(IViolemai^bCc. 'igya&iJßf $2 ' 00
*^f*nrl "fAl* f»I1t" Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
't*Wsv :^&*>m&PsJ <_?wlllt 1< - V 7141 complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
tJlfiiM* rliJi»l^^^ / Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, Kngiand,
1 ---*^ Australia and Japan; ail the Latest Novelties in Flower and Ve^e-
seeds. cox SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco *
*"^ 411, 413 Sensome Street
.^j v ..' V Chinese I>ruc* wF^" a **<4SßL
U^mßßhHhv m A vr^taSEtblSHtSSßr ; ' ; ' Xt ' :irll . v Uupont, K^ <^^ •"
fcljiir an Francisco. P""' .-A
"^l*"*4t X have b* tin troublod fi X Tv
**£/ll\m Hammatlon of the lunsrs V B^sT^ A-' J
TSTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR : 1 " 1 bearD disease, anU ¥ IM*A J JJ
leyes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses WR , S una ble to tint re- &h, 1 V m " : .JS
vilth instruments oi his. own Invention, who»a V' 1 ' 1 y . any o physlcian - BMHwr V«
■nperlorlty has rot been equaled. Hy succeu lim : j wag t reat ed for three E£s*£«^s2% /.«1
been due to the merits of my woric w ? ICS by Dr. \\ on ? Woo^^^^HßjS^fT*, ,7
. "»«»-" 104 ... «. | j^sr'j^-s^j "H^ni
THESUCffiSSOFTIIESESSOS I ' saag:i:i;fe!a; -'— ■■
ALAGE HOTEL «bS^^«sSssj&»
rHLHUCfIUSCL !^g^^^S:s'^
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET. ST. "'" l - 830o^^ E S"r, < rjP*
open uNTir. midnight. | Ho Perc«atag« Ptariaisj, S3J iiitui id
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET-*.
Silver weaker again.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn an I Rye unchanged.
Bran 50 ■ lower.
Middlings unchanged.
Hay no lower.
Beans dull.
Sweet Potatoes lower and uulet.
Onions In moderate receipt.
Butter and Cheese in light stock.
Eastern E.^gs almost cleaned up.
Quail and Wild Ducks out of season.
j'on try dull and weak.
Apples and Oranges dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides steady.
\\ I \ll!l i: Bl R U" KEPOItT.
Unitki> States Im.partm f.xt of Aoricui.
titrk, Weather Burkau, San Francisco, Jan
uary 10. 1896. 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and I
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date ]
as compared with those of the same date last sea- .
son: Kuroka . last season 25.47; Red Waff
8.06. 1a5t season 18.27: San Francisco 5.57, last
season 17.52: V t- s:io 1.45. lust season 8.20: San
Luis Obispo 5.5K, Las: season 17 ' 5: Los Angeles
2.27. last season 8.55: San Diego 1.57, last season
6.--: 'i umi .32. lust season 2.21.
A number of reports are missing to-night on ac
count of the severe weather. The storm Is now
central over Oregon ami Southern Washington,
tne pressure at Koseburg being 28.34 Inches. It is
raining or snowing along the entire Pacific Coast
from Ixw Angeles to Vancouver Bain has fallen
Federally during the past twenty-four hours over
» alitornia. There is a sharp temperature gradient
between Roscburg and Portland, the tempera
ture at the former being 50. the temperature at
the latter being 'JS deg. High southeasterly winds
have occurred in Northern Nevada, in the Sacra
mento Valley and from San Francisco northward
on the coast. The pressure has • illen rapidly I
along the coast, although it was already very low. i
The temperature has remained stationary over the
Paeilic Slope, except a slight rise at Rose burg.
While the storm remains orT the coast severe
squalls and rain may he expected.
storm slenals have »een Hying along the coast
from >an Francisco northward:
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January '.7. 1896:
Northern California— Continued rain; slightly
cooler; southerly gates.
Southern California— Continued cloudy weather
with rain; slightly cooler: fresh southerly winds.
Nevada— Rain: cooler.
Utah— Kaln: cooler.
A riJsona— lncreasing cloudiness and possibly
rain in the southwestern portion ; slightly cooler.
San Francisco anil vicinity— Cloudy weather
with showers: slightly co ler: high southerly
winds. ArMcADIE, Local Forecast Oflicial.
NEW YOKK JIAKKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., .lan. 16.- speculation at
the Stock Kxchange was quiet again to-day. The
total sales were only 148.500 shares. The opening
was strong on the announcement from Washington
of the modification in the second circular whereby
the iii. ■ for the payment for the new bonds is dis
tributed over a period of four months. This, ac
cording to hankers, means a comparatively easy
money market while the Government bond bill is
living carried out. London came higher, and this
bad a good effect on prices during the early
tradini:.
Foreign holders, however, sold In advance, but
not in important amounts. For that matter, some
Operators were not any too anxious to take any
new commitments In the railway list and specula
tion dragged throughout. in the Industrials there
was a l.iir degree of activity, the result of covering
of short contracts. Leat her "preferred was the special
card and rose nearly 4 points to til 1! on the revival
of the rumors that the company intended paying a
2 par cent cash dividend In February.
Tobacco broke from 793* to 77"'s on the an
nouncement of the formation of a combination
of the Southern manufacturers of tobacco.
Chicago <;as sold up to 67 on reports from the
West thai Attorney-General loloney will decide I
in favor of the reorganization committee in the |
matter of consolidation. The strength of the
industrials had a iood effect on th» general
market, which closed ;inn in tone. Net changes as
a rule Show fracaonal gains in the railway . -:.
The industrials, except Tobacco, which lost Ji /g i
per cent, gained \ : %'qr'A\'-z- Manhattan closed at
pur, a gain of nearly 2 points on the day. The im- I
provement was due entirely to covering of short j
contracts.
Bonds were higher. Sales footed tip $1,321,000. i
Hocking Valley consol rives rose 3to 88; do gen
eral .^ixes, 8 to 88: Erie second consols stamped
certificates, -■ to 72: Louisville and Nashville.
New Orleans ami Mobile first sixes, 3 to 118; Min
nesota and st. Louis cousol fives, l I.> to 99:
Northern Pacific ci.nsol fives, I*/-, to 36: "Wabash,
Detroit and Chicago ex-fives. 1 Vi to 100'
In Government tonds $4000 coupon fours of
19-25 brought 117.
i.rain.
FLOT*!?— Dull. Winter wheat, low grades,
>- 25<52 65: do fair to fancy. $2 65:$ |
H 30: do patents, ■545@3 75: Minnesota clear, i
$2 50<&3 10; do straits, $3(6.3 15; do patents, 93 15
te4 10: low extras. $2 25(6,2 65; City Mills, S3 90
<r,i; do patents. .*4(g.4 -.>. live mixture, ••?:; 10@
3 20: superfine. *2(42 -". i hern flour— Quiet;
common to fair extras, $2 10(0.2 -■■ good to choice
do, ;f2 90;a3. live flour Dull, easy, *2 40(5.285.
Buckwheat flour, $1 25(<£1 30.
BUCKWHEAT— 3B V^e.
COKXMEAL— Quiet; yellow Western, *2 25®
2 30: Brandy wine, -fJ 25.
RYE— Nominal.
BAULKY— Nominal; No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39^i40c.
BARLEY MALl— Nominal.
WHEAT— DuII, easier, with options: No. 2 red,
store and elevator, 70:470 l ie: afloat, 71 1.4'a) i'li/ 2 c;
f. o. b., 71> gte73Vi»c; ungraded red. 66@74c: No". 1
northern. 7U(a7Oi.±c.
Options weak at i,ic decline, following the West
ami on local realizing with trading only local.
.May most active. No. 2 red. January, 67 7 / 8 c;
February, 6S. r ; i<c: March, 69y 2 e; May, 67y c;
June and July. 665'gc.
CORN— DoII; firm. No. 2, 35y 4 @35V 2 c eleva
tor: :<Hi 40 36^c afloat.
Options were dull and i^c lower on free receipts,
weak" West and local realizing. May most active.
February. 353* c; May. 35c; July, StSVsC
OATs — Dull; firm. Options dull: easier.
January and February. 23 % c: March, 24i /8 c; May.
•J4?B c. spot prices: No. 2. 24(ai24'4e:No.' 1 white.
24i«c: No. 1 Chicago 25'd>25i / 4c; No. 3, 23Vic;
No. 3 white, 24i«c: mixed Western, 24y 2 @26y s c;
white state and Western. 25@28c,
FEED BKAN— fiO(a,62VfeC.
M I I)l)LIN(;s-65fi7Oc.
RYE— Feed, 60rg,65c.
I'roTisions.
BEEF- quiet, unchanged. Beef hams,
quiet but tirm. Tiered beef, steady; city extra
India mers, $15 50(g,lti: cut. meats, "firm; pickled
bellies, 12 pounds, ac; do shoulders, 4y c; do
hams, ti<a.t'-
LAUD— Higher, moderate demand: Western
steam, $5 90: city. $5 4U; January, 85 50; re
fined, moderate demand ; Continent, $6 20; South
America, S6 50; compound, ?4 75@5.
PORK— strong, quiet. Mess. *10 25@10 7.">.
BDTTER— Quiet, easy, state dairy, 10@21c;
do creamery, 17@22%c: Western dairy, ll§17c;
do creamery, 18(g,24i". do June, l. r - 1 ...■; do fac
tory, 9y2@lGVic: Klglns. 23i/ 2 (g.24c;~lmltatlon
creamery, 14@.19c: rolls. 9<sil.'>c.
CHEESE— firm, fair demand, state large, 714
(alOe; do fancy. 10c; do small, 7 3 /iffiloy 2 c;
Western small. 9V*(&'loVic: part skims, 3\4@7c;
full skims, 2(a3c.
EGOS*— Firmer, fair demand. State and Penn
sylvania, lli(&20c: Southern, i2(§tlßVi>c: icehouse,
15(a;l"c: do. per case, $2 60@375j Western fresh,
lM3i!9c; limed, 15@15J 2
TALLOW — Moderate demand. City, B%c: conn
try, 37/o.
COTTONSEED OIL — Stronger Crude. 24Vj:
yellow, prime. 28 . 2^".'9c; off grades, 27@27i/2C-
RoslN — Quiet, strained, common to good, al 60
(gl 65 1>.
TUR rKNTINK— Quiet, 32y 4 @32Sic
I'OTATOKS— Choice steady: lair demand.
RICE Firm. Domestic fair extra, B@s*4c;
Japan, 3 3 ,if<£4c.
AiOLA>.ses— Firm, fair demand. New Orleans,
or»-i! kettle, good to choice, 27(j0,37c.
COFFEE Quiet, 5 to 10 points up. Janu
ary, *13 30@13 40: March, fl3 05@13 15; May,
5=12 tj.Va.l2 70: June, $12 40; September, $11 90;
Ociober, $1] 80. Spot Kio, dull, steady. No. 7, 14c.
UAR- Raw, dull: refined, quiet. Fair refining,
3.y 8 c; centr;:ugal, 96 te&t, SS^e; No. 6, 4%c;
No. 7 and No. H. 5 l-16e; No. 10, 41 s c;
No. 11, tc; No. 12, 3 15-16: No. 13, /8 c;
off A, 4V2@4'y&e.: mold A, 8 c: standard A,
4^'nc; confectioners'. A, 4*4 c: cut loaf and
crushed, sVjjc; powdered and cubes, 6% c i gran
ulated, 4*/B&sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 10Vi
©12c.
PEACHES— IB 94, unpeeled, 4y 2 @7c; do 1895,
unpedi-d. O'ifaiSVic: do peeled, lha
PKONKB— *'our sizes, nominal, s' c.
KAISINs— London layers. B.">c<aisl 25; do
4 crown loose Muscatel, 4@sc; do 3-crOwn, 3@
3>/ 2 f.
ALMONDS— Paper-shell, ll@12c; do, soft-shell,
B(a.9Vs«-
WALNUTS— Standard, 6iA@7c; ao soft-shell
BW*loc.
HOPS — Dull, weak and unchanged.
WOOL— Firm, unchanged.
merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet: American. $11 75@13 50.
COPPER— Easy; Lake. $9 75fti9 85.
LEAD— Quiet: domestic. «3@3 02»/j.
TlN— Easy; Straits, $13; plated, moderately
active.
SPELTER— NominaI; domestic, *4.
CHICAGO MABKKTS.
CHICAGO, 1 1.1... Jan. 16.— A wave of strength
passed over all the speculative markets on the
Board of Trade this morning, grain not presenting
as much, however, as did provisions. Wheat was
' more or less guided by the action of hog product,
although the undertone was Independently firm.
The Cincinnati Price Current cave information of
Injury to growing winter wheat in portions of the
• area from freezing and thawing. The prospects of
a cold wave had influence in preventing free sell
ing either by longs or shorts. Early Liverpool
c-bles were firm and ' .»d higher. Receipts in the
Northwest were 433 cars, against 538 last Thurs
day si nil 165 a year ago. Inspections from store at
Chicago were 48.653 bushels, *.nd but 48 cars were
received.
Export clearances were large at 434,196 bushels,
Including wheat and flour. Closing cables from
Liverpool quo ed y 3 d advance. Paris was un
changed to higher; Berlin and Antwerp higher.
.Prices sagged during the latter part of the session,
business having become dull, and provisions losing
much of their streng;h. • Weaknes'- in corn also im
parted easiness to wheat. May wheat opened from
60c to 601 gC, sold between HO 1 ,*' and 59y 2 @595/ B e,
closing at 595 mc, i' 4 ®s, M c under yesterday.- Esti
mated receipts' for to-morrow 69 cars.
CORN— Firmness was quite marked in corn
early. the improved tone of provisions and wheat
being the principal considerations. The sharp
bul'eof yesterday tended to make sellers wary
and those" already short covered freely. Receipts
were 476 cars, 74 less man estimated, and 92.092
bushels were taken from store. Liverpool cables
were i.id higher. Export clearances amounted to
174,913 bushels. A largo estimate for to-morrow's
arrivals, 725 cars, caused weakness after noon.
May corn opened at 'joe, sold between 291/8 and
285)8@28^ic, closing at the inside, i/s@Vic under
yesterday.
" OATS— Did not dissent from the general ten
dency of the market, advancing in sympathy
early. Receipts were 184 cars. There were no
oats taken from store. During the last hour all
gains were lost and the close was easy with May
y 8 f: under yesterdav-. Estimated receipts for to
morrow. 200 cars.
PROVISIONS— The boom In product this morn-
Ing began where it left off yesterday, and before
the expiration of the first half hour pork was up
40c from that day's close. The anxiety of snorts,
who have been persistent In their hammering of
pi Ices for months, was not concealed and the out
! aide was determined in its bullish attitude. Hogs
were in light supply at Ihe yards and prices at thai
place were up 5c To 10c V 100 lb<. The continued
tight arrivals cruise some uneasiness, as they Indi
cate a shortness of supply in the country and tell
the tale of ins. is by ihe cholera which pre» -i It din
summer and fall. The enure appreciation was not
maintained to the end, but sufficient remained to
encourage faith in values. May pork closed 17% c
higher than yesterday. May lard 12V^c higher and
May ribs 12i/3@lsc higher. .
Closing Priced.
WHEAT— 66? 8 c: May, 69»4c; July,
60" -c.
CORN— January, 26»/ 8 ; May, 255/a@2S3;c; July,
295»c.
OATS— January. ]7 r '»c: May, 1984 c.
PORK— January, »9 90; May, slo 17^.
LARD— January. f5 65: May.*s 92Ve.
li I B-i— January, $4 90: May. $5 15.
MONEY — Was 6 per cent, on call and 6@7 per
c«>nt on time loans. New York, exchange sold at
$1 premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 1i.t.., Jan. 16.— The
receipts of cattle to-day were light and the market
ruled firm. To-day's run of hogs was light and
prices moved up another sc. All interests were
buying. The sheep market was steady. The de
mand was not urgent. Offerings were light.
CATTLE— Receipt*, 10.000. Fancy beeves,
$4 So@4 90; choice to prime 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $1 30@4 75; fair to choice steers 1200 to
1500 pounds, $3 90(<?.4 25; common to prime ;
steers 950 to 1150 pounds, $3 25@386: feeders 900
to 1500 pounds. $:Moy>4; stockers 600 to 900
pounds, $2 756J3 40; veal calves, good to choice,
$5 25@6 25: calves, common to good, $350@5;
Texas- steers. $3 40@4 25; Texas bulls and
cows. *2 40@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 23,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 76@3 97 l common to choice
mixed, f3 70@3 85; choice assorted, $3 90@
3 95: li«ht. $3 70a,4; pin, !f.3(^3 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000. Inferior to Choice,
$2(3,3 60; lambs, $3 26@4 85.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Honda, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call 2@4%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 6(d,7%. Sterling exchange «s firm, with
actual business In bankers' hills at $4 87y 2 (.g)4 87 s /i
for sixty anys and $4 fc9@4 89>4 for demand.
Posted, rate«, $4 BS@4 K9i/ 3 . Commercial bills.
84 >-6a4 87*4- Government bonds steady; State
bond • "dull: rauroad bonds firm. Silver at the
board was dull.
CTOSINfI UTOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 90 1 Norfolk & Wes'... 13,4
Atchlson 14 Preferred 7
Preferred 22 North American... 4Va
Adams Express.. .l 46 Northern Pacific. 3
Alton, Haute. 67 ■ Preferred 121^
American press. 11 1 Nortnwestern. 9m ;
American Tobacco. 78 ] /a Preferred 144i a !
Preferred 102 N. Y. Central 97s
Bay State Gas 19 N. Y. ChicagoAS.L 14
Baltimore <)t Ohio.. 42 Ist preferred 70
Brunswick Lands.. '2 id preferred 25
Buffalo, Roch &P. 10 N. Y. iN. 11.. ISO
Canada Pacific... 5 1 N. V . New Kne. 45i' a
Canada Southern . 1- '4N. Y. Susq A W... 9i/t
Canton Land B0 7 8 Preferred 25
Central Pacific 14 vfe Ontario 9
Chcs. <fc Ohio 15v a |Ontario<K Western. 13.V 8 \
i Chicago Alton 1-3 Uregon lmprovmu 2i /2 '
Prererrea 170 Preferred — —
I Chicago, id. <fe Q. ... 7.)- , Oregon Navigation, 15
Chicago AX. 111... 42' 4 Oregon Short Line. 5
Preferred 9."> jl'acinc llau 26
tblcagouas 663% j.eona. D.it Evans. 23i
\ Cleve <£ Putsburg.lsß j^ittsburg <6 W pfd. 15
Consolidation Coal. 31 uilman Palace.. .lsl
Consolidated Ga5.. 146 | uicksllver _ M 3
C. C. C. <t St. Louis. 35 ! Preferred 15i /2
Preferred 85 |Benaing 8
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 27 IRioGrande&Westn 13 ! 3
Preferred 100 | Preferred 41
Cotton oil Cert.... 16V3 Rock Island <!Gy 2
Commercial Cable. 1 40 Rome Wat aOedenll6i/ 2
Del. Hudson 125 bt. L. <fe B.W 4' 4
Del.Lack&WesternltVJ | Preferred luu
Denver •£ R. U^.... 12 1 2 t-'t. Paul HV
I Preierred 44 l ,s 1 Preferred lSi:^
! DistUlers lr: ! 4 ft. PauUt Duluth. 22
General Electric... --'5 4 Preferred 85
trie 14 8 St. Paul A Omaha- 3ti r » 8 j
Preferred 2:<y 2 Preferred 121
Fort Wayne 160 Bt. I.M.AM 110
GreatNorthernprd.llo silver Cert (17*8 i
Greenßay y 3 fcouthern I'acirlc. 2!) :; 4
Harlem 280 fcoutnern it. H 9Vs ■
Hocking Coal 2 I Preferred 28
Hocking Valley... 17i^fcugar Refinery. ...lo2s,' 8 ;
Homestake -8 j Preferred P6:< 4
H. & Texas Cent lVi Term. Coal & Iron. 271,4 ,
Illinois Central 9M/2 Preferred 100
lowa Central 8 Texas Pacific 8
Preferred 28 iToI.A.A.A N.Micn,
Kansas <£ Texas..- • (13 i Tol. & Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred 51 /4' Preferred 65
Kingston * Pern... 3 1 Louis Jt K.O. 8
Lake Erie A Wesin 19 : Preferred 14
Preferred 71 Union Pacific 3y.
Lane Shore 143 U. P.. Den. & Uult 3
National Lead 25 | C.S. Cordage 5'. -4,
Preferred 84 j Preferred 10: 4
Long island 83 i Guaranteed 21
Louisville A Nash. 44J. 2 C. S. Express 38
Louisville NatCCh. 9 L*. S. Leather 10V«
Preferred 18 Preferred 64
Manhattan Consol. 99 7/ 8 V. S. Rubber 27%
Mempnis A Charts. 15 j Preferred 86
Mexican Central... 2 Utlca A R. River.. l6o
Michigan Central.. 94 j Wab. S. L. A Pac. 6' 4 '
Jdlnn it s. i, — . ! Preferred 16 1
Preferred — iWells-Fargo 95
Minn. * St. L com. 18i/ 2 Western Union.... 8414
Ist preferred 74 Wls Central ..„ .. 3
3d preferred 43 Wheeling «I* E.. 1114
Missouri Pacific.. 25% Preferred. 36Vs
Mobile A Ohio 23 Am Cotton Oil of d. 65
Nashville Chatt.... 65 W T." Beef 75' 8
National Linseed.. 1 M L 1 Traction- 17%
N. J. Central PBy a Ann Arbor '
<!' ..Ml SnMw.
C 4F, retr 1081,4 M T2ds 5931
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..109 j Do, 4s . Hi's
C 4s new reg 114 Mutual Union 65... 115 '
Do, 4s coupon... 110 i/i; N J Cent Gen 59...115
Do. 2s 96 Northern Pac lsts.ll4
Do, 6s 1111.4 Do. 2ds 101
Do. 6s coupon.... 112y, Do, 3<\k 66
Cherokee 1896.100 " Nortnwegt Consols.l4(>y
Do. 1897 100 i Do.deb n» 107
Do. 1898 100 OR. AN lilts... 109
Do. 1b99 li.O StLAlronMtGenOs 79»i
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... Ist L <t S F Gf n 6s. 100
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 ■Xt Paul Consols . .123
Ala Class A 4 10/ St. P. C. «fc Pa lsts.ll2
Do, Class B 4, ss. 107 Do, Pac Cal ists.. ' a
La(onsol4s 98 Southern R. R. ss. 81 /*
Missouri funding..— . Texas Pacific firsts 86
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pac seconds. VOVa
Do, 4s 102 Union Pac 104
Po Carolina 41/ 5 5...105 West Shore 4s 104y
lenn new 3».«. 84 Mobile A Ohio 45.. «6
Ya funding debt... »>0»/h R GranaeWest. lsui 74«/ i
i-o, res |ChesAO6s 107y*
Do, deferred 65... 5 y 2 Atchlson 4s 73
Do. trust rcpts st 6 Do. 2ds A.._ 23
Canada South Ms.. iO4I/ 2 !g HA S A 6s. ?. 106
CeD Pac Istsof '95 HO '■ Do, 2d 7s. IPO
DenAßUlsi 112 H A Tex Cent 65.. 108
I>°. 4s 87 I Do. con 65........ 104
*ie2ds 72 Reading 4s 76
Km. sum I 'a Consols 74 ; Missouri Hi 100
Ks Pa IMS Den dlvlO" |
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN I.IVKRPOOI
LIVERPOOL, K.\-(i, Jan. 16.— The spot market
is firm at 5s 6d. Cargoes are firm at 28s iy 2 d
arrived. j
KDTURKB.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 654«4d; February. Ss si/4d; March, 5s 6»<id:
April, 5s «d; May, 5s 6d.
SKCUBITIKS.
LONDON, Hnr., Jan. 16.— Consols, 107 13-16;
silver. 30* /4 d; French Rentes, lOlf 35c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
sterling Cables .;.-"—•. H9IA
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, V ounce — , 67*4
Mexican Dollars 53Va 64
A NEW YORK VIEW OF THE LOAN.
Henry Clews of New York, under date of Janu
ary 11 says: "The Government's choice of a'popu
lar' subscription to the $100,000,000 loan, Instead
of placing the negotiation in the hands of a syndi
cate, has for the moment checked a recovering ten
dency In prices which was beginning to appear.
Wall street, however, has very generally come to
the conclusion that, should the popular subscrip
tions prove to he insufficient in amount, nothing is
likely to prevent the bank syndicate from finally
taKlng up the balance of the bonds not covered by
the popular subscriptions. There is thus no dis
trust about the Treasury gelling its ¥100,000,000
of gold within a month: which after all Is the main
thing needed: and that certainty should sullies to
help confidence during the Interval of waiting. In
the meantime, the stock market is .sustained by
the extremely low level of prices, which on the one
hand prevents selling and on the other suggests a
probability of nn advance when- the Treasury
troubles have been provided against for another
year. The renewal of exports of gold has been
chiefly due to the delay attendant on the popular
loan; but the symptoms of the moment suggest a
a probability that the shipments may not run to
any serious aggregate."
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— bpot prices exhibit no change, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1890.
market being auiet all around. Futures are
stronger. No. 1 is quotable at $1 05@l 06 1 4%> ctl ;
choice, $1 07y 2 ; lower grades, 90c.@$l 02y 2 ;
extra choice for milling, $1 15@1 18 3 ,4.
CAM, BOARD SALKS.
Ixkormai. BXSSIOK— 10 o'clock — M»y — 100
tons, $1 076/ 8 ; 1300. $1 07%: 1200. $1 07%. De
cember—loo, $1 1134: 100, HSR.
Ke<;vi.ak Jidrxixg BKSaiON— 3OO tons,
51 07.V 8 : 800, $1 07%. December— loo, *1 11%:
300, $1 JlVj.
A i- rut in Skssiox— 2oo tons, $1 07y 8 ;
800, *1 08: 200, *1 081,4: 3600, *1 08y . Deceui
ber— $1 11%; 200, *1 11%-
BARLEY— The widespread and heavy rain has
apparently produced no effect on spot prices,
though futures are easy inconsequence. Feed, 68%
©70c; choice, 71*4 c; Brewing, 75<$82i / « 2 c; Cheva
lier, $1 10@l 20 for No. 1 and 75c@$l $ ctl for
oft' grade. *
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 10 o'clock— December— loo
tons, 69c.
Klx.ll ai: Morning Skssion— May— lßoo tons,
69c: 600. 691
Air • rxo mission — No sales.
OATS— is a moderate inquiry on local job
bing account. Milling are quotable at 75@85c
A Ctl; fancy Feed, 85(£90c i^ctl; good to choice,
75@85c; common to fair, 60@70c; Gray, 77 1 ,2' '
85c; Ited, for seed, $I®l 10; Black, for seed, $1 10
@1 30: ditto for feed, 75@S5c; surprise, 95c@$l.
CORN — The market continues inactive. Large
Yellow, 87 V 2 @9oc; Small Round do, 87y 2 @eoc;
White, 82Vita^5c 'f. ctl.
RYE- 76C<«S0c -f, ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 85c@?l fi ctl, ac
cording to quality.
t'LOIR AM* MILUTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$8 55@3 6. >; Bakers' extras, $3 *5@3 65; super
fine, $2 40@2 50 f> bbl.
COBNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, *19 50@20 f,
ton: Cracked Corn. S2O ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour, 3Vic: Rice Flour, 7V2C; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, Syic: oatmeal,
S%c; Oat Croats. 4y 2 c: Hominy, 4(gT4Vkc; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3y c: Farina,
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 4 Vac:
Pearl Barley, 4yi<gi4y a c; Split Teas, 4%c; Green
do, 6 Vie %4 Ib,
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Is lower at $13@13 50 ton, jobbing
rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
20 60 V- ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Kolled Barley, $16"@17 ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 ?S ton; jobbing,
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY — All the Hay counties have had a soaking
rain, which still continues, nevertheless prices
• show no decline. Wheat is quotable at -fß@l 2 50
f* ton; Oat. 8(n;10 50; Wheat and Oat. $7 60<#
1150 r> ton; Barley, .* 7(0)9 50; Alfalfa, 9639;
Clover. $610,8: Compressed, $7 60@ll; Stock, iM5@
7 50 V ton.
bTKAW- 35@60c V bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDS,
BEANS — Nothing going on worthy of note.
Bayos, $I@l 15: Small Whites, $1 25@1 60 'f,
ctl; Pea, $1 50(3*1 65: Large Whites, $1 15@125;
Pink, 90c®?l 12V 3 : Reds, $1 35@1 40: Blackeye,
$1 75@1 85; Red Kidney. $1 75(a)l 90; L.iinas,
$2 5002 75: Butters, .$1 60@l 70 %» ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, *1 95@2 05 'f, ctl:
Trieste, $2@2 20; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax. $1 rO{O>l 75; Canary, 3i/4@3y 2 c ift lb; Al
; falfa 6i.4@tiVaC ¥ tb; .Rape, 4 (g)'.'ci! lb; Hemp,
! 4c %* ft).
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at $1 25@1 60 ft ctl for
Niles.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Sweets are lower and dull. Volun
teer New Potatoes, iy 2 @l%c ■$ lb; Sweets,
$1 25@1 50 "& ctl for Rivers and $2 %» ctl for
Merced: Salinas Burbanks, 65@95c $! ctl: Kiver
Burbanks, 25@^35c f> sack: Oregon liurbanka, 40
@)70c: River Reds, 50(g.60c ¥> ctl.
ONIONS— In moderate receipt and firm at 80®
9.'ic %* ctl; Cut Onions, 65(a75c ctl.
VEGETABLES— New Rhubarb, 10c « It; Mush
i rooms. BTa.lsc t* It>: Dried Peppers, 6(a.lt)c; Los An
; geles Tomatoes, 75c@$l: %< box: Green Peas. 4 (ft.
I 6c; String Beans. lo@l2y 2 c: Dried ukra, iay 2 c; ,
; Cabbage, 4t@sOc ~f ctl ; Garlic, 4@sc "^ lb; ilar- I
rowfat Squasn, $ls(a/.!0 ton.
POULTRY AND GAMK.
rod.TRY- The market Is dull and prices show
little change. '
Live Turkeys, 10c "$ lb for Gobblers and 10c "# lb
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 10®12V2 c ; Geese,
V pair, .$1 50@l 75: Ducks, .? srg)7 : Hens, Jf4(d>
: 6: Koosters, young, $4 SOWS SO: do, old. $4@4 60;
; Fryers, ?4 50: Broilers, $4(a;4 50 for large and
, $;i(d'S 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50(3,2 dozen lor
I young and $l(al 25 for old.
GAME— Quail and Ducks are a thing of the past
■ for this season as far ps the law is concerned. Hare,
Geese and Snipe still remain. Hare. 75c@$l IS do/. ;
; Rabbits, $1 25 '& doz for Cottontails ana 75c@$l
; for small: Gray Geese, ?2; White Geese, 75c@*l ;
Brant, $1 ( 25; Honkers, $1 60<g,3; English
Snipe, $1 5U@2; Jack Snipe, $1.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— There is very little on the market and
trade is almost at a standstill.
Creamery— Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 26@26c
V I!..
Dairy- Fancy, 26@26c; good to choice, 22y 2
2ic; lower grades, 18@22c.
! CHEESE— Fancy mild new, ll@liy 2 c ft;
special marks higher still common to good, 8@10c:
Cream Cheddar. ll@12c; Young America, ll'^l2c;
Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12@13c ¥> tt..
EGGS— Eastern are lower and are Almost all
cleaned up. California are rather weak and dull.
i Good to choice Eastern, 21c; seconds, 19520 c;
store Eggs, 19<§f22c; ranch Kggs, 23@25c %4 doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Persimmons, 40@75c fl
box; Apples, 75c(ij,$l for good to choice, 50@65c
for common to fair ana ?1 25 for fancy; Siskiyou
Apples, $I®l 75.
CITRUS FRUITS — Dealers complain of the
dullness of trade. California Oranges are quot
able at $i 25@1 50 '?. box for Seedlings and
?1 Bo@3 60 for Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
$1 25(ev1 50 box: Lemons, .?I@l 50 for common
and $2@2 50 for good to choice: California Limes,
76c "9 box; Mexican Limes, 5550@6; Bananas, $1
;@2 t< bunch; Pineapples, $2(a>s dozen.
! DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FKUITS— following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:*
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y @3c "ft lb for quar
tered, 3@3y s c V »> for sliced and 4»4c Ift lb for !
evaporated; Peaches, 3V2(gi4c '-p lb and 6y2@6c ,
for fancy; peeled In boxes. 12c; Apricots, fi/^dl I
By2C for prime to choice, 9Vac for fancy and lo© 1
lie ■$ lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2@2y 2 c
for u n pressed; White Figs, 3y a @4clp sacks; Pears, 1
7c %4 lb for evaporated halves, 4(a6Va c %* Ib for |
quarters; Prunes. B%c: Plums, 4c 'f, tti for pit
ted and 1 1 /<j@2V2C for unpitted;- Nectarines, s@6c
"ft lb for prime to choice and &V 2 C for fancy.
Jobbing Pkick«— Apples, 4^.4 y 2 c; Peaches. 3@
4c and 5c for taucy ; peeled, In boxes, 10@12y 2 c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c lt> for 40@60'h
and Be for 60@60's; Apricots. 6(a;9i/ 2 c for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
black, l^i^yjc; White Figs, B@sc; Pears, 6y 2 c
for evaporated halves and 3fe,5y 2 c for quarters;
Plums, 31/2 I ' lor pitted and l@iy 2 c for unpltted;
Nectarines, 4@sc lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot*, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 86@90c f l , box; four-crown, loose,
3'/iC f( tb; three-crown, loose, 2 Vic; two-crown.
2c; seedless Sultanas, 4 (04c; seedless Muscatels,
2y 2 : '/4C; three crown London layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 BO; Dehesa clusters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2 i. 2 c
"$ it,.
Jobbing Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2i/i@2Vic: 2-crown, 13 / i@2r:; seedless Sul
tanns, 3«4W4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2V-C: 3-crown
L<uiiii;-i layers. 85c<S)$l; clusters, $1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, 92 75:
Dried Grapes, '2 1 >r.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc 19 Ib: Walnuts. KdiSc
V lb for No. 1 hard and S«@9y 2 for softsheli, fob
bing lots; Almonds, b(at r i i /?<: for Languedoc and
B<^@loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 3y 2
4c f Iti for California: Hickory nuts, s@tic;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished ; Filberts,
Bfa/9c; Brazil Nuts, 2 @Sc "Jpi th; Cocoanuts,
*4 50(0-5 « 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c Ift lb for
bright and B@9c f*. tti for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6(ft.5y 2 c "$ lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4i/i(5,434c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEJESWAX-24@27c V lb.
•.■■ • ' —
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon 6c ~& lb for heavy,
7c for light medium, 9c t* lb for light. 10c ? lb
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, ll^C ft lb; California Hams,
10c; Mess Beef, $7 ~& bbl; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do. $9fa,9 50: extra prime Pork, ?8 ~& bbl; ex
tra clear. *14 & bbl ; mess, $13 %» bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9i/2<ailoc f» lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is quotable at 6c 1A
Hi for compound and 7V2C for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, s Vic for compound and 6c for pure;
hulf-bbls, 6y 4 c: 10- tins, 7c; do 61b, 7<a7J>4c tb.
COTTOLENK— 7I/4C iv tierces and Be* lb In 10
--lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c
V lb; culls and brands, medium, 6c; culls and
brands. sc; light. sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o(ssU]c; culls and brands, 4@4y>c; salted
Kip, 5c f It; salted Calf. 8c # ft,: salfed Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10(aillc lb; culls and brands. 73
7y 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6V2C: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20(535c each: Kids, sc:
Deerskins, good summer, 25(a/30c: medium. 15(<$
25c: winter, 10@15c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(»
20c each; short wool, 30@40c each; medium, 40
@50ceach: long wool, 60©70 c each. Culls of all
kinds, about V"C. less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3%@4c; No. 2, 3@
B Vic: relined, B*4c; Grease, 2y c V* lb. - !
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Hiimholdt and
Mendoclno, 7(Oi9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 3(3)
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c a lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 4@6c ~f. tb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. „
BAGa— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c.
COAL— "Wellington is ; quotable at $8 ?( ton;
New Wellington. »8 fH ton: Southfield Wellington,
*7 50: Seattle, $5®.") 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay
*5: Wallsend. $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
57 50: Cumberland, $13 50 111 bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.sß: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $13 50 $ ton in sacks.
tiLUAfI— The Western Sugar Beflnery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed all 55/ 8 Dry Granulated, sc;
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 4s,»c; Kxtra
C, 41,4 c; Golden C, 4i/ 8 c; half-barreis.^Vic more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
S\ RUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
v gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
P.EKK— First quality, sy2@«c; second quality,
* 1 /<j@sc; third do. 3^rd»4c ~t- lb.
y,£i A3 -— l-ar^-e. s@bc"; small, 6@7c '$ lb.
* l X, . roN — Wethers. 6ias6V2c; Ewes, 6c "$ lb.
LAMB— Spring Lnmb. 12y-c; yearlings, 7c lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 3i£@36/ s c lor large and ay a c
for small; dressed do, 5@60 '$ lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOIJRS.
Flonr.qr. Bks 100inides.no 207
Wheat, ctu 69.855 1 Pelts, mils . ... 57
Barley, ctl» 710 Wine, gals 84,440
Oats.ctls 395 Butter, Ctls 48
Corn, ctl Cheese, ctls 77
Potatoes, alts 1,355 Ecus, doz, 1,740
Onloni. slcs 233 Paper, reams 1,680
Br »". •*> Quicksilver, flask* 22
Middlings, 5k5..... 00 Wool, bis 75
Beans, sits. 1,817 Leather, rolls 74
Hay. tons 218 Lumber. M feet... 20
Straw, tons 30 1
HOTEL AEKIVALS,
XF.W WKSTKKX HOTKL.
£ M Basset t & w. I-airfl<l JD Lemley t fc d. Cllpr Oap
1 hos Jackson, A Iviinido J A ( ani| hell, Berkeley
(apt Nelson. Liverpool L S Holmes. Liverpool
Thomas Mackenon, do O II Jay Brigg, St Paul
• has Medin, Albany J W Cook t fc «, conrtlaud
F Hargrnve, Taconia Win Kane. Tacoma
J 11 sholer, Tacoma E il Phetinljrs, Tacoma
1 X Trimble. I acoma I.d Kind, Taconia
C Johnson, Johannesburg W T Puman, Melbourne
LICK HOUSi-.
T Fox. Sacramento C M Wooster, San Jose
I>r Prey & w, L Angeles Miss Sanforil, Ypslanti
A W Jones Jr., Monterey T> Ackland, Columbia
J 11 Mullisan. Kentucky J J Mulligan, Kentucky
W J Walford. Knyland S H Justin, England
T A 'harden, London .1 A Webster, Vacaville
M I) C'hevaz, S Salvador Dr Costelyon, New York
Mrs J V li.vnne. Cal W F MoCawiVw, Portland
F w Hayne, New York W D Mackay, Cal
il Hochstatter. Tacoma M M Welsh," Stockton
-M Henderson, Spokane C. Hamilton &w, Westley
N Valencia, Sacto 3 II Mrlioiioimh, Cal
J J Francis, Oakland Mrs J F McCauley * ser-
G B McCauley. F Lake vaiu. Forest, Lake
BALDWIN HOTEL.
John Roll. Santa Clara Wlt Kekhardt. Kucmnto
X P ll til. Eldrl me (; I) Peters, Crowville
J W WycWoff, oakiand J Kenney, Oakland
3 Hennessy, Si Joseph -Mrs CJ. Keefe, Nw York
Helen )> a molly. N V B Rogers, Seattle
H De Sand, Chicago ii<i Biirtlt'tt, I'orlland
L Kaufman, Olympla Jlrs M M Godman, W'ush
.T Payne Jr. Richmond Carl KasO, Los Angeles
M i, Stewart, Lincoln > I» Anth ny, J'ortla:id
Mrs X J Hauck. Chico P Slnsnaimer, New York
Mr Dp Molt, N«w York J Rogers & w. Pctaliiua
Eugene Ryan, I" s N N W Mor.on, Chicago
I" J Ewer, St Helena L S Pellet. SI Helena
Hl> Thomas .!r, Phila P J Ryan i. w, chlcußO
Miss il Kclley, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Henry, San Jose J R Aiubroso.wA c.Mon-
A H Lloyd, Chicago trial
N i owden. San Jo.se C F Fisliback, Seattle
.] I! Adams, N V J M smart, Wash
J H Bland, Strowbridce T Chapman. Knj;
X Ji Kimt. San Juan C Monroe, Los Angeles
Mrs -Monroe. Los Angeles D T Toiler, U H N"
J R 1- rick. N V L M Stodder, X V
H R liortjjrto , Mich J Bradbury & w, L An?l
E B Shaw & w, 111 E .1 I'lui... Japan
W H Nowell, wash C N Mason, Byron
.1 Parkhurst, Chicago A X VVainwr uht, Blgm
X W Churchill A-w.Napa II i; Bond, Seattle
R I) Davis it w. Sucto J N Uallejos .!r. San Jose
Mrs Sharon, Paso Hobles W Jl Bncher, Chtcacro^
R Graham, Sacto .\ R Arlou &w, Chicago
A L Hrnadhent, U S stm X B Winslow, Boston
Corwin A Binler. Pa
J Tnlly, X V C II Uockwell. X J
Miss L J Taylor, Or J Bass A. w, N V
GRAND HOTKL.
s n Ballon, snLsObispo W l> Hobart, California
E Kent, liiitle M A Moise. SiicramentO
I M Swasey, Heddin^ W A Cooper, San Jose
G O Meyer, Sutler Co W Huntley, Fresno
I" X « (shorn, Uakland I! Goodwin, San Jose
H II Lewis, San .lose .1 C MHian. California
F C Smith, California II I) Foster, uukluihl
H H Wiiiev, Monterey Mrs XII Willey, Montry
Misa R Willey. Montery Robbie WUley, MomereV
.1 BteM St w, I'kiah X C Dumes, Ogden
G W Ki>l)ison, Salt Lake C X Teideham, ( hi'O
S H May, -New York II A Jastro, Bakersfield
il Askin.t w, Visalla N Wilson, Chicago
P A McKlnnon, .mlzoiui Ji a Benjamin, Ls Angels
W G Brown, Sheridan <; Lawrence Jr, Portland
W i I.awrenre. Prtlund I. (i Kaufman, Jtinoa'J
W H Bray, Juncau F 1> Foster, Alubnma
H Bacon," Victoria 3 H Folsom, Everett
I. A Miming, 1.-cuna Mrs M M Allen. Victoria
P F Brown. UolUster M Smith, Oakland
SHss P Wilson. Califrna Miss It Cheeny, Califrnia
W F Kriox. BacramentO E II Brown. Sncratnento
A I. Levlnsky, Stockton J A Wilson, Red Bluff
\V Bruce, Chicago
KISS HOUSE.
H B Truman. Coltisa (i W Brewster, Paso Rbls
T A reacock.San Hafael II X Spauldins, Covelo
Kd Ciibsou. CovelO A s Watkins, Covelo
Charles Gregory, covelo G W Cununin^s, Covelo
(ico o (irist. Covelo <;eo W Ritfe, Covelo
T X Long, Oovelo <; ll Hart. Covelo
F M Thompson, covelo H T Simmons, Covelo
Mis RadclUfe, Covelo E \V Uaubert, summers
Max 1. Dessaver. N V TJ Kennedy. Jcksonville
Mrs Woods. Yreka Mrs I) Whitcomb A son,
k b \\ 'iihs. Sacto Martinez
Win I'!ri< h. Meilford, Or F S Morris, Portland
Miss Daly. Los Angeles W Tucker. Fairfield
i: McGettegan, Vallejo J James, Valiejo
J Cohen, Portland I. A Carpenter, Portland
J U Roberts, Sacto H Mcl.ish. Healdsburg
.1 Seawell. Henldshurjc T McGrath, Montague
L.I Hebbording, Gazelle J Sibbuld, Nevada
II H Cray, Nevada A Kichey, Canada
T W Hickson, New Wil Dunlap, Calhervllle
Zealand E A Clem, Portland
I) A Burnett. Portland A Walker, Portland
R O'Neill, Chicago Ci Beaton, Portland
J LGleason, Cal 3 A BLardin, Santa Rosa
a H Mott,Tacoma 1. Pennoyer, Chicago
.1 Ba^s-tt, Empire City .1 R Meek, KmpireClty
C 11 Yates, CKinh Mrs B M Roork, Salem
J A Fee, Vancouver X A Piper. Oasis
.1 McCabb, LosGatos A C Swain, Merced
L X Wood, Los Banos C Lewis, Truckee
tHE CALL CALENDAB.
Janvart, 1898.
M.
Til. \V.
1
7 8
14 | 16
9] 2 a
28 J9
Th. j Fr. Ba. _, , .
Moon's PbUM.
9 51 A. —^—^— — — — — —
€Lnst Quarter.
January 7.
9 i 10 11 — —
£& NC 1 * Moon.
~ — VB/Janunry j4.
16 17 18 j
3 First Quarter
Sts/ January 22.
23 24 25
n*\ Full Moon.
I V£/ January 30.
! 30 ; 31 ! I
19
I I
20
|
i 27
OCKA.V STKAMtIIS.
Dates of Departure Irom San Francisco.
BTKAMKK. | PKSTINATIO.V | BAir,<*. | PIKB.
''<' r 'i China* Japan .(an 18, 3m P9IBS
Pomona Uumboldtliay Jan 18. '.Tii Pier 9
Ara*o toon May '.Jan 18.10 am Pier IS
Point ix>ma. Grays Harbor. Jan 18. 4i>jh Pier 2
Corona San Diego JanlB.llAM Pier 1 1
City Panama Panama Jan 18,12 v I'HS3
Columbia... Portland Jan 19.10 am Pier '24
Horn*"" Coos Bay lan 19.10 am Oceanic
City Sydney Panama lan •_'(), m M 8 8
Dellvorie.. Orays HarDor. Jan 20. 3pm
turektt New Dor: Jan'.'O. ' Bam Pier 11
CltyPuebla.. V r ic <fc r*Ki Snci .inn 'it). 9am Pier 9
Australia.... Honolulu Jan '2l.loam Oceanic
»»nt»Ko«a.. (-Hi, Diego Jan 22.1 lam Pier 1 1
Jaralion.... \ naulna Bay.. I Jan '23.10 am Pier 1
state or Ca! I'ortlana Jan 10am Pier 24
8: aul Newport Jan 24. Ham Pier 11
STK.AJIKIW TO AKKIVE.
Steamer j Fu.,m i jj nX
Mackinaw
Pomona. , i
A ream ;
Kmplre ;
Willamette.. . j
Eureka. I
Point Loma ; ;
Del Norte ;
Homer i
Santa Ho.^a.
Cretcent (Jity...
Plate or Cat....' j
Farallon .
Walla Wa11*.... i
Strain I
Sou Coast . '•
Alice Blancharcl!
Corona
Coptic .-.
San Bias I
iriteo
Columbia...
Comox
tfurnbolcU Bay
! Coos Hay
Portland
■Departure Bay ;..
i Newport,
I Grays Harbor ...
Uravs .Harbor
Coo* Bay
fan Diego
Crescent City
Portland
Yaaulna Bay
i Victoria & l'uget Sound
Newport,
i Portland
! i'ortland
San Diego
China and Janan
j Panama
I Coos Bay
| Portland
Jan 17
...)an 17
...lan 17
..Jan 18
..Jan IK
..Jan 18
...)an 18
...lan 18
..Jan 18
..Jan 'JO
..Jan 'JO
. .Jan 81
..Jan 21
..Jan 'Ji
..Jan ■_■•.:
...lan 22
..Jan S3
.Jan '24
Jan 24
. Jin. '25
..Jan '25
. Jan '26
SUN AM) TIDE TABLE.
AT
p
Small. Large.
2.36 a 0.547
-argi!. -Small.
8.03 a 1 1.«8p
•Small. Large.
7.21AJ 7.36P
8.094! H.lQp
i; Sets
17.
7.!
6.1
I 8.16 a
U
18.1
6.1
' 9 ISA
HYDKOUKAPUIC BULLETIN.
Branch HvDHoaRAPUtc Ofkick., U. S. N. V
Merchants' Kxchanok. V
San Francisco, January 16. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Ilili was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at, 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. FccHTEtER,
_^ Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
sHlfi-i.Nu IMXXSIa;i.ttKMCJB,
Arrive A.
THURSDAY, January 16.
City of Sydney, Johnston, 26 days fm
Panama and way ports"; pass and mdse, to P*M S S
Co.
stmr Mariposa, Wayward, 24 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 clays 12 hours; pass and
mclse. to J i) Sprockets * Bros Co.
Stmr Mexico, Hall. HO hours from San Diego,
etc: pass and mdse. toOoodall. Perkins <fc Co.
stinrsan Benito, Smith, 4i/ 2 days froraTacoma;
4500 tons coal, to S Co. Oakland direct. .
»tmr Willamette Valley, Yon Helms, 10 days
from (juaymns, via Ensenuda 47 hours; pass
and mdsi\ to Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
Bnar city ol Puebla, Debaey, 66 bra from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports: pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Columbia, Bollcs, 63 V 2 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 60 V 2 hours; pass and mdse, to O R &
Co.
Stin.r Westport, Peterson, 38 hours from Re
dondo: ballast, to Pollard & Dodge.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. 12 hours from Santa Cruz,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins it Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, 48 hours from Eu
reka; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
•Si mr Point Arena, Johnson, 15 hours from Men
rtoclno, etc; pass andjndse, to Mcndocino Lumber
Co.
schr Orient, Mitchell, 13 days from COO 3 Bay;
300 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Ke turned.
THURSDAY, January 16.
Bark S G Allen. Thompson, hence to-day for j
Honolulu, returned on account of strong SE gales i
and thick weather.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, January 16. |
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, Seattle: Pacific Steam
Whaling Co.
Jir ship rt'entinart, Longmuir, Queenstowu;
Epplnger it Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY, January 16.
Stmr St Paul, DiiK™nn, San Pedro.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg,
Stnir N:ivarro, Hardwlck, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Leyinson, Fort Bragg.
Br ship Cape York, Mitchell, Uueenstown.
Bark Rufus E Wood, McLeo-I. Nanaimo,
Bark 8 C Allen, Thompson, Honolulu.
Telegfriipliic.
POINT LO BOS— January 16—10 ph- Weather
cloudy: wiuu SK: velocity 60 miles.
Spoßei.
Per stmr Point Arena— Jan 16. 10:30 am off Dux-
Dury Reef, schr Ida Schnauer, from Portland, for
san Francisco.
Dec 6— Dat 55 S, 82 W. ship Occident, from
Hull, for San Francisco.
Dec 28— Lat 5 N, long 26 W, Br ship Belford,
hence S^pt 15, for Queenstown.
Dec B— Lat 56 is, lone 67 \V, Br ship Port Stan
ley, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
Dec 11— Lat 56 S, long 67 W, Br bark Centaur,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Dec 6— Lai 65 S, long 82 \V, Brship Dominion,
hence Oct 4, for Liverpool.
Miscellaneous.
The stmr Arcata which sailed from Coos Bay to
day for San Francisco returned again on account of
strong gales. Captain reports the barometer at
Memorandum.
Per stmr Point Arena— Did not make any way
ports on account of weather being too stormy.
IJoinenttc Ports.
ALBION — Arrived Jan Stmr Scotia,' from
Bowens Landing. . ;,?
Sailed Jan 15— schr Reliance, for San Francisco.
Jan 16— Stmr Scotia.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan 16— Stmr Green
wood, for Port Harford.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 16— Br bark Pass of
Killiecranicie, from Cardiff.
COOS BAY— sailed Jan 15— Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco; Jan 16— Stmr Arcata. for San Fran
cisco.
Foreign Port*.
FECAMP— Arrived Jan 15-Dan bark Cimbria,
from Vancouver.
IPSWlCH— Arrived Jan 25— Br bark Invermark
hence July "8.
PAN AM A — Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Costa Rica, fm
Champerico.
Sailed Dec 30-Stmr San Bias, for San Francisco;
Dec 31— Br stmr Rarrai-nula, tor Manzanillo; Jan
13— stmr San Juan, for San Francisco; Jan 13—
Stmr WaShteuaw, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 6— Bark Harry
Morse, from Port Gamble.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 16— Br stmr Doric, for
San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 6— Bktn Amelia, frm
sea in distress on account of breaking steering
gear while bound from Honolulu 10 liana. Haul: i
bark Matilda, from Port Townsend ; Jan 7— ltalian
man-of-war Christoforo Colombo, from Tahiti:
whal bark Chas W Morgan from cruise; Jan 8—
bchr Transit, hence Dec 22: Jan :•— stmr Mnriposa
from Sydney; a ship reported off Koko Head, sup
posed to be the ship Reaper, from Astoria.
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Australia, for San Francisco;
Jan 7— Schr Esther Buhne, for Eureka; Jan 9—
Bktn s N ramie sails for San Francisco to-day.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Xov 80— Ital ship
E Racgio, for San Francisco; Br ship Edenbally
more, for San Francisco; Dec Bark Nonantum,
ior Honolulu: Dec 4— Bark Hesper. for Kahului;
bark Empire, for San Francisco; Dec B— Hr ship
Blairmore, for San Francisco; Dec 10— ship
Ilollinwood, for San Francisco: Dec 17— .Bktn iim
gard.for Honolulu: Dec 18— Br bark Inveresk. for
fan Francisco; schr Wn» Bowdrn, for Honolulu;
Nor bark Margaret ha, for Honolulu; Brship Arc
tic Stream, tor San Francisco; Dec 19— schr Car
rier Dove, for Honolulu: sh.;i .1 Brown, for Hono
lulu; Dec 21— Schr Alice Cooke. for Honolulu.
In port Dec 23— Br ship Alexandra, for Port Los
Angeles; Br ship Bollochmyle. for Oregon; Br Imrk.
Doxford. for Oregon; Maw ship Hawaiian Isles, for
San Francisco; BrsliipLuclpara. for San Francisco;
Br bark Morialta. for San Francisco; Br bark Prin
cipality, for Oregon; Brship Republic, tor san
Francisco.
SYDNEY— Dec 9— Br ship British Yeo
man, for San Francisco.
Movement* or Tran«-.\tlantio StAimsri.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 16— Srmr Kaiser
Wilhelm 11, from Genoa: stmr Aller. from Bremen
and Southampton; stmr Kensington, from Ant
werp; stmr Germanic, from Liverpool and Queens
"town.
Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Norwegian, for Glasgow.
. GENOA— Arrived out Jan Stmr Ida.
QUEENSTOWN— Jan 16— Teutonic,
for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Mississippi, for
New York. " •.-
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 16-Stmr Obdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
PKAWLF. POINT- Passed Jan 16-Stmr Mo
hawk, from London, for New York.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Jan 16-StmrSpaarn
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
Importations.
VICTORIA— Per City of I'uebla— 2cs mdse. 1 sk
coin, 3 pkgs express.
NPS sCo via Victoria— 3o cs mdse, 2 bxs shoes,
iocs curedbean, 1 es spice. 6 jars nuts, 10 bxa
flowers 5 rolls matting, i cs curios.
Port Townsend— 2s cs salmon. 1 pkg express.
Seattle— s bxs Cigars, 16 sks p0rk, 157 pkgs mdse,
6 cs boots and shoes, 3 cs typewriters, 173»5 cs
salmon, 150 sks potatoes. 221 green hides, 7 bis
fruit, "2 sks moss, 36 cs canned syrup, 1 bbl syrup,
4 en sugar. 2 tubs sugar, 82 sks "bones, 28 cs eggs.
20 hf-bbls herring. 2 sks coin.
(i N Ry via Seattle— 2 cs mdse, 9 pkcs household
goods.
Tacoma— 3 kegs herring. 3 bxs cheese, 38 cs
mdse, 20 bells green biles. 4 cs dry goods.
West of Fargo via Tacoma— l3B4 sks flaxseed,
1153 sks flour, 1 cs dry goods, 310 sks barley, 37
mill feed, 19 <'s canned goods. 720 sks oats, 4SO
bdls hoops, 1 bbl whisky, 1006 hf-sks Hour.
Everett- 239 kegs nails, 922 parts of boxes. 30
bdls caper, 105 rolls paper, 17 cs payer, 1 pkg
mdse.
New Whatcom— pkgs mdse, 100 pkgs smoKed
herring.
Fairhaven— 47oß sks oats, 1 cs mdse.
Vancouver— 2 Cfl hats.
Comox— tons coal.
SYDNEY— Per Mariposa-230 bis skins, 1215
bis wool, 2212 Ingots tin, 50 tons shale. 100 drums
glycerine, 14 sks kauri gum, 103 sks coffee.
Honolulu — 2100 bags sugar. 867 bnchs bananas.
27 cs fruit. 10 cs alligator pears.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
420 sks onions, 4034 sks potatoes, 354 sks oats,loo
bxs prunes, 17 bxs apples, 4851 sks flour, 1607
bdls hides and pelt*. 1470 bdls paper, 2864 bdls
shooks, 104 bis excelsior, 235 sks middlings, 6000
sks bran, 1250 sks shorts, 284 pkgs candy and
crackers. 420 rolls matting. 3 pkj;s bamboo, 82 sks
o4sters, 2090 cs salmon, 166 ska bones, 441 okgs
furniture. 63 sks dry suits.
MENDOCINO— Point Arena— 3000 railroad
ties, 10') M ft lumber, 1 cs abalones, scs liquors, 1
pkg rndse.
EUREKA— North Fork— bxs fish, 2 hbls
mineral water, 2 cs eggs, IS pkgs mdse, 1 bdl saws,
110 M shakes, 11 sks gluestock, 3 pcs machinery,
252 M ft lumber. 1 1 97 M shingles.
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l% bxs batter, 1
cs eggs.
Mora C0.i0— 1744 sks potatoes.
Watsonville— 3 i>ki;s mdse, 33 sk« onions.
Monterey— l2 pkg3 mdse, 7 bbls whale oil.
Santa Cruz— 23 pkgs mdse, 50 bbls lime.
SANTA MARIA — Per Mexico- 300 sks beans.
San Luis Obispo— 6so sks beans. 50 sks wheat
SanDiego-187 bxs oranges, 81 bxs lemons. 3
coils wire, 5 cs tobacco, 1 bdl paper. 9 bxs limes. 1
bx printers rollers, 6 sks raisins, 13 pkgs mdse, 1
bx fruit. 1 bx books.
Newport— 3Bl bxs oranges, 47 bxs lemons, 171
sks corn. tt bdls trees. 1 pkg mdse.
Redondo— 2 bdls matting. 2 pkgs mdse. 4 sks
beeswax, 1 bx tobacco, 61 sks corn, 36 bxs lemons,
38 bxs oranges.
Los Angeles via Redondo— s cs lamps, 2 casks
globes. 1 crt bicycles, 1 cs matches.
Port Los Angeles— l bx hardware, 10 sks peas, 6
sks vegetables. .
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 27 bis wool,
27 bxs oranges, 4 cs water vnlves, 1 bx fittings, 10
crts mince meat, 15 bbls nams, 1 cs cigars, 64 bd!s
pelts.
Santa Barbara— 2 cs cigars. 1 bbl cinnamon, 2
bdls bags. 1 bx wine, 3 hxs oranges, 1 udl mdse, 32
sks crawfish, 34 bxs lemons.
Port Harford— 47 eggs, 1 firkin 44 bxs butter,
1 bx wax, 1 cs hardware, 13 cs Indian curios. 1
coop poultry, 1 sk quail. 11 bxs fish. 2 hxs hams. 7
sks dried fruit, 1 ox patterns, 2 hdls hides, 2 bxs
powder, 1 coop chickens, 27 dressed calves, 1 bx
tobacco.
ALTATA-Per Willamette Valley— 2os dry
hides, 527 sks ore, 729 sks sugar, 2 pkgs gold, 4
gold bullion, 43 bars silver bullion.
Mazatlan— ll sks< H radish, 3 sks shells, curios,
II crates do, 15 sks chili pepper. 32 sks shrimps,
49 bars silver bullion, 98 pcs rawhides, 3 kgs dry
peppers, 201 sks ore, 1000 sks silver ore, 49 sks
mineral ore, 30 bxs dry shrimps, 2 bxs gum, 15
bars silver and gold bullion.
San Jose del Cabo— 47 dry hides, 75 salt do, 72
sks brown sugar, 520 sks bark, 1 sk shark fins. 2
bales dry skins.
Bahia Magdalena— 6B live turtles, 13 dry hides,
16 cs dry fish. 200 bales orchilla.
. Guaymas— l6 bales shark tins, 26 hides, 11 bxs
oranges, 11 pkgs machinery, 12S rolls leather.
Santa Rosalia-22 ore, 35 green hides, 15 bdls
dry hides. '
Ensenada— 3o dry hides, 1 bain dry skins, 4 sks
beeswax, 10 sks chili, 12 pkgs palms, 37 sks bones,
16 sks horns, 1 pkg machinery, 400 bbl flour.
La l»az— 326 Mis salt hides, 149 bells dry hides,
2 bdls ■ skins, 3 bdls fie-r and goat skin, 1 bdl
panoche, 80 green hides, 77 sks sulphurets.
Consignees.
Per Willamette Valley— W B Sumner A Co; W
Rennier; W Loaiza Co; H Duvergey ; Brown <fe
Adams; Geo Staacke; Thannhauser <fc. Co; F
Ruther& Co; Cabrera, Roma<& Co; Selby Smelting
A Lead Co; Williams, Dlmond <fc Co: Anglo-Cali
fornia Bank; Bank of California: Chas Tetzen; I
Gutte Co; L F;Lastreto; Candelaria ell Mexican
Mining Co; J B Higgins: San Vmcente Mining Co;
wells, Fargo & to Bank; A Paladlnl & Co: Mc-
Lr.ren A- Co; Meyer. Wilson & Co: II Lev! & Co; J
D Sprtckels*. HrosCo; M Jofre; Baker & Hamil
ton. ' Tffmjrrii|iiUiiinj(ip-ii>iiiiii.ii .■-.■■
Per City of Puebla — Gootlall, Perkins <fc Co
il Turner; J C Bowers; Naher, Alfs <fc Brune-
W m Barnett : Adams Bros; Allen & Lewis: Ameri
can Biscuit Co; Carlson, Currier <fc Co; Chambers
Trice «t Co; Alien. <fc JLewis; Cliaa J JLcist *Co;
1 Catting Packing Co; D Ailomand A. ('<>; Harry
! Cowell & Co: H Stencil; Palouse Roller Mill Co;
I Thos Watson; Moore, Ferguson & Co: J'.'tcitic
Coast s s co: Baker & Hamilton; P B Devlne; i'
J Rottßers:! Semi-Tropic Association; WA Avery:
\v (. Kichardson; HegicA Alexander; v Dutara; v
(lark Belle: R Uunsmuir Jc Sous; M A Wertheimer:
H Bacon; Swayne & Hoyt; W<dls, Kar?:o it Co;
Southern Pacific Co; Barker Jiros: J X Armsby <t
Co: AJ Taylor; Uodg»-. Sweeney <fc Co; X a
Keene; F T Kceler; C (i Wickson A Co; .1 It N<-«
baner&lo: John F English & Co; X A Lund
strom; BSGreenlee; Selby Smelting <t Lead Co;
Trumbull .t Beber; WBSumner & Co; Hood.
Curtis* Co; cm smith: MA Adams: LAMII
-ler: W B Clapp; Dairymen's Union; Getz Bros;
Per Mexico — E Gamier & Co; N M Viok
ery; .1 Wollmor: Wood, Curtis .t Co; Dunham,
' Carrigan Co; Wellmau. Peck 4 Co; Kan- Isros; G
: ji 1 Jackson; Haas Bros; Sawyer Tanning Co;
j Whitman it Barnes; Gould it Jaudln; California
1 Electrical Works; Howe Scale 1 o; C tolomon -Jr;
: (. 11 Peck; DE Allison & co: 11 Son tag; L Sea
; tena; .U.lßramlcnsein.tlo; Wp.shinaton Mann
-1 factnrlng to; J McCew; F X Blodgett; Gray a:
Barbieri; D Blagi; n Dntari; M Burns; B Llcn
teir; Dalton Bros: n O Greenhood; li Bpeigel; C
Carpy it Co; Frapoll >v Co; W M Josephl:
I Levi, Strauss it Co: Wnstiburn-Mopn Maim- 1
I factoring Co: M I' Konlbetg ft Co; Payor, lp
ham .t Co (iilbert Clement it Sons: •"->:"'
Kranrisco Brewery; .1 Erlangpr it Co; Gilheri
Kros: <; R starr it Co; Catnpodonlco & Malcolm:
Bngham, Hoppe<fcCo; HElrchm»n: iiUlsßrps;
Wit/.ci &. Bafeer; H Dntard; A tallies; ButterlcK
Publishinu Co; Dodge, Sweeney & Co: B
sunnier it co: D de Bernardl it < "•, Wn
Brcon it Co; Dairymen's Union: Ge« Bros* I >>:
Sherry, A villa <S Co; H Heckman ACo: s Brans
«Uk it co- LBurneise; Tlllmann it Bendel; w
Wlitl nd it Co; .1 1- Thomas: Baker £ Hamilton;
G W McNear; FBHaigbt; HNTllden; Hllmen
BrcdhoiT it Schnla; Martin, Ftusier & Co; J II
Cain it Co; C E Whitney A Co; Kelly, Maloon <£
Co; W F Mitchell; Poii'.trymen's Union: L U
Bto f it Co: Labor Exchange; American 1 nlon
Fish Co; GCamillonl; J Schneider; Sinshetraer
Bros; National Brewery: Enterprise Brewery : P
A McKond.l: Wei more Bros: AContairo; A r:d
adini; Milan! & Co; A Levy & Co; J ivancovicn
<t Co.
Per Marlposa— J I) Sprecfcels * Bros Co; Ht
mmi*('ii; W BSumnint Co; Williams. Dlmond
it Co; Cliindait Flacli: .1 B Moore .V 1 o; Wells.
Fargo .t Co; 8 Koshland &Co; Reuben Tucker;
<' I) liunker .t c<»; Banb of British North America;
Balfonr, Outline it Co; Pope Manufacturing < o;
Carcla it Magginl; Newhali it <'o; Parrott & Co; C
X ETelseifeCo; Willamette Pulp and Paper Co.
Per Gipsy- lierman .)<> <s: ; Jonas, EJrlanger <S
Co; M p betels .v Co; Tboa I<oughran; '
dontco * Malcolm ; Wolf <6 Sons; John L Roster;
Naber, Aifs.it Brune; B B Stevens <S Co; Standard
Oil Co; E Green* Co;CCarpy A Co; RoUnS Co;
Km Meyer; Tillmann it Bendel; Manner Bros;
Henry CoweU 4 1 0.
Per Point Arena — Mendocino Lumber Co;
Baunschweiger .t Co; Standard < >\i Co.
Per North Fork— American Union Fish Co; A
Paladini: B CaltOifeCo; G 1 ;> tniiloni ; Miluni it
Co: Pacific Coast Fish Co; ROSS ifi Hewlett: iilim
bokU Mineral Water Co; Stani.ard (Ml Co: McJn
tosh A Klopman: California Glue Works; Califor
nia Saw Works: C Nelson.
Per Columbia Wo!f<feßons; Dalton Bros; Mur
ray & Steinhagen; Erlanger it Gallnger; E li
Stevens: 11 Dutard; J Scott; C Jaoobson; .1 Sten
cll;CJLeist; M P Detels; GE Sheldon: Moore,
Ferguson & Co; F Hlllens <fc Co; ZZagger:C S
Lanmeister; Thomas Loughran; McDonougb <fc
Run.yon; DE Allison; (; Marvhlosbee; Allen it
Lewis; J P Thomas; .1 F English; Bissinger 'o;
Willamette Pnlpnnd Paper Co: Arctic 1 il Works;
Ilulse it Bradford; (Jeor^e Morrow it Co; Portland
Cracker Co ; Clatsop Mill Co; Darbee <fe Immel; a
Smith; Fogarty* Parker; M i-: A Wagner; Pacific
Can ( o; Pacific Fertilizer Co: DoernbecherFur Co;
Goldberg. Bowen <fc Lebenbuum; Armour it c>;
! Order.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAXI
CUT RATES
TO ■ ■■ ' ■ i
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class SO.OO
Second Class... $SOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Jen Slontgomery Street
QOODALL, PERKINSA CO.,
General Agents.
ASTORIA Ai PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $.> First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Far reservations cull at It* Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 10
State of California sails January '24
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Sopts.
£i F. V. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ j
QTF.AMF.R.H WILL SAIL FROM jQt^ M
7* Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as TaaEiaC
follows:
For Mary Island, 1/Orin?, Wrangel, Juneau. Kil-
llsnoo and Sitta (Alaska), at » a. if., Jan. 15, 30, :
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- j
send, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New 1
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. M. !
Jan. 6, 10, 15, -10, '26, SO, and every fifth !
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. l". R. R., at Tacoina with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with (i. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with ;
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum- •
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 9 p. M-, Jan. a, 6, 10, 14, ]
18. Tl, '26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, j
Port Harford (Sun Luis Olflspo), Gaviota, Santa >
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Loa Angeiesl ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan. ]
4, H. 12, 16, 20, 24, '28, and every lourth day
thereafter. "
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor.l
(San Luis Obinpo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. m., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26. 30, aad every
fourth day thereafter.
For F.nseuada, San Jose del Cabo, M!azatlan, La 1
Par, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
etrt-eu '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCE.MIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
.^.gQBSB&fc- Coolgardie cold field?
(Freemantle). Anstra- :
iS^^Uni^hrt Ua: $"° nrst class >
JSfcy^ nOr\|Tj |iIU« $110 steerage. Lowest
JrsjbT JrfS^KESjataL" rates to Capetown,
Wlgg/ f»^.«. \^^ Steamship Australia,
»«A» \J\ Honolulu only, ru^s-
«Ka ifisSf J3m Australian steamer, |
Honolulu and Auck-
<j^^^ land, imirsday, mi, \
Special Parties Reduced special rates for
parties Feb. 6 and 15, 1896.
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight, ol!ice, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS., General Agents.
COXPAfiiriEGE.fER.ILE TRASSATLAXTIQUE j
IUJIi Au.i it ui,.lhk.lLfi i n 1 t\l LL.l.i ilUUb
I' rriirli Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S I'IKH (NEW <■ 12 NORTH J3f**
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by fiSdJjgZ
this line avoid both transit by English railway an 1
me discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 160; second class, $116. .-v "
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe ;
January 11
! LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. i'oiio;,
I an nary 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
: February 1
J(ST For further particulars apply to
. A. FORGET, Agpnt.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FT7GAZI A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. •
WHITE STAR LIKE.
Cnlted States aDd^ Royal Mall Steamers
New XA r^?rliir AV^^! rp ° o1 '
pA BIN, $60 AND UPWARD. ACCORD- ,--_
\J mx to steamer and accommodations <£££!$
General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COIPAJII.
STEAMERS LEAVE ARPINWALL >>--,
fortnightly for the West Indies and <-sXa?>
Southampton, calling en route at CarbouT-n,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers
_ Thr . ou^ n i. blnB of >adin S. in connection with the
I Facihc Mall 8. s. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
1 hrough tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195- third
Siau, «97 60. For further particulars apply to
VAKKOTT it CO.. Agents.
' _ 306 California at.
STOCKTON . STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington S»
At 5 I>. M, Baily, Except .W^y %
SO- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone!
STKAMKK •
£.S^:Jfev. fct?-.?steftt«
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
LOW RATES BY RAIL
TO ...
SUNDAY JANUARY 19,
Ami Every 1 if* li I>ny Thereafter.
l«ave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 p.m.
Am. 0- A— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
$7.50 ««S-. AL80 ....
****, W ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, Including berth in £»"| r.oo
Pullman Standard Sleeper, «U -" — ■
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*
«en"ers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
BoWor baggage checked to such po/iits.
(»- Through Tickets for Pa«et Souud
points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at rr».^
613 MARKET stkkkt (Grand How
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H J^ OO S^ A 7« t
R Gen. TralDc Mgr. t- en - Fass - A St^
HOCTVKRK rAtJIFIC COJirASfY.
(PACIHC SVslliM.)
Six FRANCISCO.
tsAVK — From yo>-x;MBEK 2q' 1393.T—^SfAKRiTM
""6:30a Bayward I Nflos and Way Buttons.^ I lt^
7:OOa Atlantic; Express, Orfcn and I lost.. «■»■»»•
7:OOa Henicia, VacaTiL'e. Kurns?y. Sacra- „
mento, and Bedding *ia r Davis.... ..•JSP
7:30 a Martinez, San Bsmon, Napa, ( aha-
toga ana Santa Ko» ■•••• 6:15 »
8:30 A Niks, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvillc. I.e.] Blufl
1 aud Sundays exccpted Ororillc .... *_ -J » *
•M:3Oa Peters and ........•■••;■• -| : 'i?f
9:OO San Leandro, Haywards & Way St ns 1 1:45 a
O:O»a LO3 Angeles Express. Raymond,
(for Yosemite), Santa Larbara
and Los Angelw in,*
9:OO a Martinez and 5t0ckt0n...... ........ » «:■»•» v
10:OO4. San Leandro, Haywarda and Miles . ,' : -*2
12:OOm San Leandro. Ilay« !r .lH.t Way ht ns r"-'}'*
i:OOi- Miles, San Jose and Livermoro :1 *«:*
•l:OOi> Sacramento ilirer Bteamei 1 ."_ M i!? p
1 1 t3Op Port Costa and Way 5titi0n.i. . . . .... t; :-J«»F
3:OOi- San Leandro, Haywardst WayStns ss*a*
4:OOi> San Leaudro. Hay^ards& Wayßt ns 6:-15p
4:OOi- Martinez, Ban Damon, vallejo.
Naps Calistoga, Bl Verauo
Sautaltosa ■ . •«"*
4:O«jr L L -nic:( l>:arto. Woodland. . •
- Knights Landtag; Marysffile,
Ocoville and r>aeranieiiti> I«:4»a
4:3<»r Niics, San Jose, Livermoro and _
Stockton • 7»W»
5:00p Ran Lctndro, Haywar.l»& WRy St 8:45»
B:3<»r Hew Orleans Bxpre6s,Fresno.Baka«-
ficld, Santa IJarl :.ui. I r»a Angeles.
Demiug, El Pa3o, JTow Orleans and
East ; 16i45a
8:30p Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Impress
forMojavo ami East 10:45 a
6:Ot»P European Mail, Ogdcn and lUst.... » : "i»*
Baywards, NUesaud San Jose i : !« A
17:« Op Vallcjo '* :4a '
7:00r Oregon impress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland. Pnget
Sound and Bast 10:4."Ja
7:00p San Leandro, Hay wards t Way St'n» lO:3Op
U:OOp San Leandro. H.-tywards& Way Stnn ttl2:«M>A
"Sunset limited," Fresno, Los
Angeles. El Paso. New Orleans
and Eatt §r»*3F
ffllllSrSan Leandro. Hay V.'ay St n» ?:I»A
SANTA CMVZ DIVISION (Narrow fla«ge).
»:I3a Newark, Cciitcrville.San.ltMe.rcltoii,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way •
- :.. '■'-. - Stations 3is«i
•SxlSr Newark. Centcrvillc, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feltnn, Boulder Cn-ek,
Santa Cruz and Principal War
Stations •1I:2«A
4:15 Newark, .Sun Jose andi.os Catos 1»:5Oa
411:45p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
- Way Stations ' :7:20p
COAST DIVISION (Iliinl X lownsfnil St%.)
«i:-13A Sail Joso mill Way Btatious (^ew
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:45»
■ 8:1 Sun Jose, Trea Finos, Santa. Cruz,
I'acitic Orove. Paso Roblcr, Sau
Luis Obispo, Qnadalnpe and Prin-
climl Way Stations 7:0! If
1O:4Oa San Jonoauil Wuy Stitions 5:OOf
11:1.1 a Palo Alto and Was Stations ... 3:»0l
•2:3<»i'San Jose, (jilrnj', Tre» I inos, .Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Monterey ai 1 I'ucilic
Orore MO:«Oa
*3::iOp SanJoßO and Principal Way Stnl.ions U:47*
*-i:3oi« Son Jose and Way Stations •S:O«*
3:301' San .lose 11 ml Way Stations »8:ISa
O:»Oi> Ban Jose aud Way Stations « : n.l\
<11:45 - Sail JosuHiid V.'f.v Ktnti..n« t~:4.l|i
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Froa SiN FR&KCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9: 0 11:00 a.m. {1:03 *2::0 t3:C»
•i:CO J2:!Q »6:COi'.M.
From OiKLIND— Foot of Broadwajr.— *fi : 00 8:00
10:00 a.m. J12:00 .•1:00 52:00 "3:CO tI:C3
"5:00r.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only.
If Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
il'liicsdays and Saturdays 6 Sundays and Thursday^
FUSCISOO' & KORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of BlarketSt.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12-3\
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. v. Thursdajs-Kxtra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at lit
and 11:30 p. m.
6CXDAVS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3^
San TCafuel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:26, 7:55, 9:30, 11-10 a m •
12:40,3:40, 5:10 p.m. Saturdays-Extra trips
at 1:56 p. m. and 8:35 p. m. h
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3Af\
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
Leave in effect Arrive *
San Francisco. oct? 28. San Francisco.
k i sz ijiniEsr
7:40 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am' 8-50 aw
8:30 pm j 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm ! 10 -SO am
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm Santa Ko-ia. 7:30 pm| 6:15 p2
Fulton. ' '
T :10 am Windsor, 10 30 am
Healdsburg, ° **
Geyser
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. -7:80 8:15 pic
j Pleta, : " " ~~
7:40 am! Hopland &
[8:00 am Ckiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 p M
7:40 am ■ in () At*
,8:00 am Guernevl!le. 7:30 psi
l : 30 PM I I I 6:15 PS€
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 AH I 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm, : 15 »
I [ Glen Ellen. | oiopJ *
7:40 am|B:ooam| «5« b _o no, 110:40 am 10:30 as<
3:3OPMiS:OOPM| Sebaatopol. [ tf:os pvf G:^ **
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bollnlis *
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pleta lor Highland Snrlnr*.
Kelseyvllle. Lakeport. **
Stages connect at I'kiah for Vichy Springs, Blu«
Iraki's. Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Boonpville, Green-
wood, Mpndocino Cltv. Fort Braes, Usal, West port
Cahto. Wllletts, Calpella, Porno. Potter Valley Job*.
Day's, lavely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Sconsf
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
rates. "
On Sundays round-trip ticket* t* all point* cm.
yond San Rafael at halt' rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlldina.
BL. O. WHITING, R. X. RTAT
Gen. .Manager. Geu. Pass. Agent.
S Atlantic
Pacific
W^^^^^^Z RAILROAD
2^!^^^^^ rr « ns leaVf " from an^ arrlrs
I^^^^Q^9 ftt Mark<H " Street "
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & p. Direct Lln«
via Kansas 'city «iU> Ol u change? iTn^ Chlca «
Denver and St. Louis. v ' u " Ilse - A noe* cars foe
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily with n ,_ Ir ,
under Harvey s management. Connect ; C *. rs »
leave San Francisco at oa. m and I-m * traln »
The best railway front Calffornla ? d^ ny -
New rails, new ties; no dust- interim he East '
jndgood n^al. in Hamrt ***£££?£££**
Ticket O<floe-64t Market Street,
Chroniole Buiiaing.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferry)
Jrrom San Francisco, beginning October 9T 1894.
WKKKDAYS. **
For Mill Valley and san Kafael -7 •■«) a-18 11. na
a. M.: 1:«5, 3:45 5:15, «::'.O p »V ' 11 ' Cf
Ban Quentln-7:30, 9:15 a. M. ; 1:45 5.15- it
Extra trips tor San «afa«-l on Mondays. n>llT—
aaysaiid Saturdays at 11:30 p m M >uaa y s « «<lne»
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Kafael and .-San 0n..,,
8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. v. . 1:30, 3:00 4-30 '.k 1 ?,":
P.M. "Does not run to San ntin. tt#li
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. M. weekdays— Cazadero and wav station..
ttisaggaggsSSSg^
VALLEJO m MARE Hill,
BTK. MONXICKLLO,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
NOT IN FEAR OF DEATH
General Joubert Has Learned
From the Americans the
Game of Bluff.
EXPERIENCE OF A TRAVELER.
The Caklanders in the Transvaal Will
Lose Neither Their Lives Nor
Their Property.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
Broadway, Jan. 16. f
Dr. O. L. Jones of this city is well posted
on the feelinc existing between the in
habitants of the Transvaal and surround
ing countries. He says there need be no
fear entertained for the safety of the peo
ple now under arrest, that neither their
lives I) or their property will be confiscated.
"Captain Mc-in is not worrying at all
GENERAL JOIBERT, COMMANDERI.N.CUIEF OF THE BOER ARMY.
photograph presented by the General to Dr. Jones.]
over his imprisonment." said Dr. Jones
to-day. "I know him well, and he is too
well posted on the way politics are run by
the Boer Government to feel alarmed.
We met frequently, and there is not a
jollier American in South Africa. He
owns considerable mining property, but it
would be a hard job to confiscate it, for
there is a peculiar fashion in vogue in the
Transvaal.
"Knowing how unstable the Boer Gov
ernment is the Americans and English
take precmtions against surprises. The
deeds to property are often held by two or
three people, so "that in case of attempted
confiscation the ownership could never be
determined by the Government. It is not
at all surprising that a few were arrested,
and I am surprised so many are yet free.
Americans and English are the same there
as everywhere else, and frequently when a
little hilarious they will enter a public
hotel or a place of amusement and give ut
terance to the most treasonable senti
ments.
•'Then the Boer police will attempt to
make some arrests and will always get the
worst of it, for the Boers do not care for
fist rights, while ihe while people do. I
am expecting to hear every day of the ar
rest of an American named Manning, lit;
is the most outspoken iellow m Pretoria
and is always the leader in anything
against the Boers. He is, however, inter
ested in stocks, and as President Krueger
is also interested in stocks, perhaps Man
ning is safe.
"The Boer officials have learned from the
English and Americans the game of bluff.
The arrest of these men is only a big bluff.
Joubert and Krueger are adepts at the art,
and one look at Joubert's face will show
tljat he is B man of high order of intellect.
"He is just the man to advise the arrest
of a lot ol white people for the sake of giv
ing Germany an opportunity to come in.
He never intended to shoot them, but will
keep them ie prison fora time to intimi
date others. Joubert moves slowly and
will not be caught napping. He is as brave
as a lion and as politic as a knave. The
prisoners will probably be sentenced to
banishment. That means nothing as there
are many banished people in the Trans
vaal. A visit to President Krueger is more
powerful than an edict of banishment."
PLANS FOR LIGHTING
President Kellogg and Regent
Reinstein Take Prelim
inary Measures.
The Bond Question to Be Further Dis
cussed — Will Oppose an
Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Cat.., Jan. 16,-Rej ■ at J.
J. Reinstein visited the university to-day
»nd he!d a conference with President Kel-
O££ Wgarliog me electric iightiog system
ibout to be erected on the campus and in
lie buildiugs. After referring to maps of
I the grounds and considering the location
j of the various buildings with reference to
I the lighting plant, it was decided to run
! an arc line from the Mechanics building to
. that section of the campus near the .Scenic
i Park, and then down through the gardens
! to the proposed new Center-etreet en
! trance. Lights will be located at inter
mediate points along this line. Pole 3 will
be placed at various points over the
campus where lamps are needed.
The library will have incandescent lights
in every alcove. There will be no ligtits,
however, in the art gallery until some
later dale. All the other buildings are to
be equipped with a complete incandescent
system.
The 100 settees which Regent Reinstein
secured for the grounds from a friend ol
the university who has refused to have
his name published were distributed over
the campus to-day.
Engagements Announced.
BERKELEY. Cal.. Jan. 16.— The en
! gftgement of Miss Julia Lombard, princi
pal of the Whittier School, to S. H. Per
kins, a prominent employe of the Santa Fe
Railroad, is reported. Mi*s Lombard has
! been a teacher in the Berkeley public
schools lor several years and is said to b<>
: one of the most valued instructors in the
! department. It is understood that the
i wedding will take place in the early sum-
Tlie engagement of Miss Maud E.
Mosher of Niles and L. E. Hunt, an in
-1 structor in the department of civil en
i gineering at the university, is also an-
I nounced. Mr. Hunt is a graduate of the
I University of California, having finished
! his course in '93. He played in the Varsity
football team for several seasons and is
one of the best-known gridiron athletes on
the coast.
Object to the Ordinance.
BERKELEY, CAT*. Jan. 16.— A fight is
j about to be instituted against the town or-
I dinance recently passed which provides
I for licensing all manner of business occu
! pations. Among those who are to be as
i sessed are merchants and teamsters, and
I they are the ones who are about to begin
' concerted action against the new law. A
j meeting has been railed for next Saturday
i evening at W. D. Schmidt's office on Shat
) tuck avenue, at which those affected by
I the ordinance will outline plans for pro
! testing it. The main arguments against
| the measure seem to be that the average
teamster and merchant has a hard enough
I time to support families without being
; taxed for the privilege of so doing.
To Consider the Bond Problem*
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 16.— The West
Berkeley Progressive Club has appointed a
committee to attend the special meeting of
! the Good Government Club to be held
next Saturday evening for the purpose of
j discussing the merits of the coming bond
I elections. The appointment was made at
the request of the Good Government Club,
which is desirous of harmonizing the
various sections of the town so that said
elections will carry. The committee ap
: pointed consists of ('. H. Spear, Town
! Trustee Hoff and Ed Neihaus. They pur
; pose stating at the meeting West Berke
; ley's reasons for wanting a wharf.
Nuisances to Be Abated.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 16. — Next I
: Monday, Sanitary Inspector Thompson !
I will commence an inspection oi the block
bounded by Dana street, Bancroft way, !
I Telegraph avenue and Allston way. i
! Numerous complaints have been entered
I from this section of nuisances caused by j
the keeping of cattle and the lack of proper
attention to sewers.
WtttUmd a. Berkeley Man.
BERKELEY, Cal -' Jan William
inland, the defaulting cashier of the
; Grangers' Bank in San Francisco, was a
1 resident of Berkeley, where he had lived
for several years past with his family on
I niversity avenue. The theory is ad
vanced here that he has committed sui
j cide, as no trace of his whereabouts has
; yet been reported.
Too Much Water.
j BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 16.-The -am
; fell in such torrents last night that the
; sower on Holyoke street was not large
| enough to carry off the water. This
i morning it broke, and the neighborhood
was soon flooded. A force of men under
the Superintendent of Streets repaired the
damage after considerable effort.
Death of .Superintendent Levy.
Isaac 11. Levy, who became superintendent
of the Pacific Hebrew Home on Devisadero and
Hayes streets aoont (ive years ago, died yester
day at tho ate of fili years. Mrs. Levy became
matron oj the institution at the same time her
busbtad was nppointcd superintendr-ut, and
tneir regime has been a most sueccsbful one in
every respect, both having gained the respect
of all with whom they came in contact.
A pound of cork will sustain in the water
a rcau weighing 154 pounds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
WAS NOT AN OFFICIAL
McFadden Indicted for an Offense
He Could Not Legally
Commit.
FUNERAL OF HUGH DIMOND.
Acme Club's Amateurs to Be Investi
gated by the Association
To-Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad-nay, Jan. 16. (
A few weeks ago an indictment was re
turned by the Grand Jury against Edward
McFadden of Aiarueda for alleged frauds
in stuffing the school census returns in
Aianieda.
The trial was on the calendar to-day,
and many ladies were present to testify.
! The case has caused a good deal of inter
est, because the stuffing of school census
returns would result in the obtaining of a
larger appropriation from the State than
the city is entitled to. A jury was secured,
and L. A. Ballantyne, the Census Marsha],
was put on the stand, and after the intro
duction of some books, the defense made
an objection to the further hearing of the
case that somewhat startled the prosecu
tion and the court.
The objection was made on the ground
that it had not been shown that the law
contemplated such an office as that of
Deputy Census Marshal. The District
Attorney, after some consideration, said
they were unable to produce any proof as
to the authorization of such an office, and
Judge Greene admitted that he could lind
nothing affirmative in the code.
The defendant's attorney held that if no
such office existed a person could not be
punished for any act performed while
acting in such capacity. He asked for the
discharge of the defendant, and the Dis
trict Attorney not objecting, McFadden
was set at liberty, and the large number
of witnesses from across the estuary, who
had wasted much time before the Grand
Juiy Borne time ago, were discharged.
HUGH DIMOND'S FFXERAL.
The Solemn Ceremony Was Held From
St. Anthony's Chnrch.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— The friends
of the late Hugh Dimond rilled St. An
thony's Church, East Oakland, this morn
ing to attend the funeral services.
The honorary pallbearers were James
R. Kelly, president of the Hibernia Bank;
George T. Nus. Harry Doyle, Judge
Tobin, Charles Bogan, R. Keating, Charles
Mayo, L. Cunningham, Albert Rhode and
James Shea. Behind them came Dennis
Dimond, Hugh S. Dimond and Miss Nellie
Dimond, children of the deceased.
Rev. Father McNally read the mass, as
sisted by Rev. Fathers Gleason and Snlli
; van. After the mass Rev. Father Gleason
i spoke a few words. "It is impossible," he
| said, "to express my profound re«pect for
j him who lately was amona us. Nor can I
! rind words to express the sympathy for
! the bereft family. In our late brother the
church lost a zealous, conscientious
worker, the world lost a brave, active,
honest and upright business man, and the
family lost a kind and considerate father.
To all who knew him in his private or
public life Hugh Dimond proved himself
a grand man. I could ask no one of this
earth to lead a better life. As he followed
the footsteps of him who died for us, so 1
can ask no more than that you, his chil
dren, follow his example. So far as it is
possible for man to lead a pure life, he
whom we now mourn lived up to his belief.
Though your sorrow is great at losing
such a man, yet your comfort should be
great in the remembrance of his grand and
noble character.
"He lived a pure, unblemished life in
this world. Now he has gone on high to
take that place which is awaiting him."
After Rev. Father McNally had pro
nounced the prayers for the dead tho body
was taken to the final resting-place in
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
A THOUSAND OBJECTIONS.
They Are Being; Agreed Upon hy Water-
Front Attorneys.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— The attor
j neys engaged in the water-front cases are
j holding long consultations every day, set-
I tling the many hundreds of objections to
the motion of a new trial proposed by the
railroad attorneys.
About 1100 of these objections have been
gone over and an agreement reached upon
nearly all of them. There is about one
more weeft's work to be done, and at the
cud of that time it is believed there will
have been an agreement upon nearly 1300
out of the 1400. The remainder will have I
to be argued before Judge Ogden. The
city's appeal in reference to small pieces
of water front excepted from the general
division will be perfected in about two
weeks, and the railroad's appeal on the
main issues will be finished up in a couple
of months. All the water-front cases will
go upon the calendar of the Supreme
Court for next July.
CAUGHT A SMUGGLER.
Was Just Keady to Take the Train
Across the Bay.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 10. — Deputy
Sheriff Quinlan arrested Ah Loy at Fruit
vale last night with forty five-tael cans of
unstamped opium in his possession. In
formation was cent to the Sheriff's office
j some weeks ago that there was a cooking
| plant somewhere in the vicinity of San
i Leandro. Quinlan was on the lookout and
! saw the Chinaman board the car at Fruit-
I vale, when he arrested him. He examined
| his pack and was rewarded by finding the
contraband dope and accompanied the
coolie to the County jail.
Some time ago the United States
Revenue Agents located an opium-cookln"
outfit on a creekbed near Irvington. The
| theory of the officers is that the crude stuff
j is smuggled across the bay in boats, run
into some of thn sloughs, and after being
refined is sent back to Chinatown in San
Francisco to be sold. The Deputy Sheriff
will reap a handsome reward for his cap
ture.
The Acmes' Standing:.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— T0 morrow
night the Pacific Athletic Association will
hold an investigation at the rooms of the
Olympic Club to look into the matter of
the amateur standing of all athletes who
have competed during the past year. Sec
retary Janet of the association has sum
moned a number of Acme men to appear
before the meeting, including J. S. Fox,
Jack Kitchen Jr., Bert Brown, Charles
Stamberg, Charles Tye and Joe Fields,
boxers, and Jack Williams and Gus Larue,
wrestlers.
For the Acme exhibition on the 11th of
next month a wrestling match between
Harry Gelder and (Jus Larue at 124 oounds,
and boxing match between Will Ensburg
of the Olympics and James Coyne of the
Acmes, are being arranged.
Tin; Crops IJisappeared.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. Hi.— A novel
case of a suit for damages was commenced
before Judge Ogden to-day. John Green
and William Roberts, executors of the
Dougherty estate, near Livermore, sue H.
Drendt and others for £450. The plaintiffs
leased to B. Enos a portion of me property
at on annual rental of $700. One of the re
quirements of the lease was that any crops
which might be raised on the landshould
not be removed until the rent was paid.
Crops were raised, but tne rent was not
attended to. Drendt bought some of the
crops from Enos. and it is sought to make
him pay the lessors. There are many
points involved and the case will occupy
several days.
Poultry Show Opened.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.—Tho first
exhibition of the Pacific Poultry and
Pigeon Association was formally opened to
nightat the Mills Tabernacle. Owing to
the rain the attendance was not large, but
the exhibition is one of the largest held on
the coast. Bird-fanciers from many parts
of the State were present, and were sur
prised to find the initial show of the asso
ciation such a marked success in point of
the number and quality of the birds ex
hibited.
Judge Felch of Massachusetts, who
judged the poultry, made an eloquent
speech, in which he briefly traced the
great strides made in poultry breeding
diving the pa^t ten years. He" referred to
the value of the education that children
could derive from being taught to rear
birds and take an interest in them.
Superintendent Craigie Sbarpe said:
"This exhibition is designed for the pur
pose of showing the people of this country
wbat is to be lound in California in the way
of poultry and pigeons. Millions of dol
lars have been sent across the Rockies to
pay for supplies of poultry thut should
have been raised in this State.
"Very few people know that this is an in
dustry "in which California is a long way
behind what her advantages make it
possible for her to be. The poultry indus
try is in its infancy, and by tuch a show as
this we hope to educate people to the fact
that such birds are being raised here, and
to encourage them to go and raise them
for themselves,"
The show will be open for a week.
Kobbed on the Train. |
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— A daring
robbery took place to-night at West Oak
land. An old man named James was on
the train for Fresno about 6 o'clock. The
train had not gone more than half a mile
after leaving the mole when a young
fellow named Arthur Kelly entered into
conversation with James and the latter
produced a roll of greenbacks valued at
$200.
Kelly at once snatched them and ran
through the car and jumped off, although
the train was going at full speed. James
gave the alarm, and the brakeman also
immediately jumped off the train and gave
chase. Kelly doubled and held the lead
for over a mile, but finally the brakermm
captured him in the West Oakland yards.
While running Kelly took out a knife
and flourished it as he ran; but when cap
tured he was too much exhausted to make
any resistance. He was handed over to
Detective William* and taken to the City
Prison. James got off tLe train when it
arrived at Sixteenth street, and identified
the robber at the prison. The stolen
money was not found on Kelly.
High School Alumni.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Jan. 16.— The Oakland
High School Alumni Association will eive
a musical and dramatic entertainment at
Difctz Opera-house to-morrow night. The
object is to establish a fund to aid worthy
young people to take the High School
course, and to assist in the interior decora
tion of the new High School building with
works of art. A company of players under
the direction of Miss Susie C. Hobart will
present the three-act comedy-drama,
"Comrades,"
The cast consists of Susie C. Hobart,
Miss Bessie Katzenbach, Miss Bessie Ho
bart, Sam P. Lovett, Milton S. Hamilton,
John M. Lewis, Charles A. Katzenbach.
Lottery Test Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— Argument
was made before Judge Greene yesterday
in the test Chinese lottery case. The con
tention of the Chinaman's lawyer is that
the evidence gathered in lottery cases is
not sufficient to convict the defendants
under the existing law, while the District
Attorney's oflice holds that it is. If the
Judge should hold that the former conten
tion is correct, the prosecution of the lot
tery-dealers will have to be discontinued
until the next State Legislature amends
the law.
Armenian Mass-Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— Tne commit
tee having the affair in charge has arrange. l
that the meeting in the interests of tho
Armenian sufferers shall be held next
Wednesday evening in the First Presby
terian Church.
Mayor Davie will preside and the follow
ing speakers will be present: Dr. Free
land. Rabbi Friedlander, Dr. Wendte,
Judge Nye and President Evans of the
School Board.
Mooney I>et Down Easy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— J. Mooney,
brotner-in-law to Lord Sholto Douglas,
was on trial iv the Police Court to-day on
I a felony charge of assaulting Peter
I Kearney on New Year's day. The evidence
was very conflicting, as everybody seemed
to be drunk, and Judge Wood suggested
that the complaint be reduced to battery
and a new complaint issued.
To Tax Merchants.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— There is
some talk about the Council undertaking
to raise money for city purposes by pass
ing an ordinance levying a special tax on
merchants. The Merchants' Exchange is
opposed to the scheme, and should it be
done it will only be a political move to
make Mayor Davie's dollar-tax limit un
popular.
HISTORY OF A PAY.
Aiameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Jan. 16. j
Tne preliminary examination ot Benjamin
L. Hill is set for to-morrow.
Jean M. Honrguet, who formerly conducted
a laundry at 431 San Pablo avenue and whose
place was attached by Jules Bonanan for
wages due, has left town.
Kx-I'oliceman O. D. Brown, who was dis
missed from the force for drinking at saloons
ami for being intoxicated when on duty, is
i>ai<i to be circulating a petition among' his
frlonds for reinstatement.
Professor Josiah Keep of Mills College met
with a painful accident a few days ago wiicn a
stick of wood which he- was cutting flew up
and struck him in the right eye. Jt is feared
that the vision is permanently impaired.
The investigation of the charges against
Police Officer Lamping, which was originally
set for to-day, hus Deen continued at the re
quest of the officer until Saturday, as some of
his witnesses could uot be present to-day.
The rainfall of the twenty-four • hours ending
a! 1 p. m. was, nccording toSanborn's measure
ment, .46 of an inch; for preceding twenty-four
hours, .3V»; before that in this storm, .84; total
for this storm, 1.69 inchest; total for season,
(j.5(» inches.
City Treasurer and Tax Collector Wheeler of
Alameda will turn over to City Clerk Lam burn
next Monday the delinquent tax list. Out of
$154,516 Hi there is delinquent $8469 GB.
This is about $3000 more ihan went delin
quent last year.
William Clark, who is being held for crim
inal assault on little Kast Oakland girls, fur
nished bonds this morning and was released
His sureties api^ared before Judge Trout t
01 San Francisco to qualify and Judge Greene
approved them.
William Wilson, William Murray, Hugo
Remp and William Viers, the young men who
celebrated New Year's eve by taking off gates,
were dismissed this morning in the PottM
Court, the prosecution being unable to prove a
case of malicious mischief.
K. Glinka, \vl j sued his former partner in a
tinning baslaOM for $3000 for calling him "A
robber, a thief nnd a scoundrel" during a trial
in Justice Allen's courtroom, was awarded
$100 damages by Judge Prick. The judgment
will scarcely pay Glinka's costs.
Articles ol incorporation of the Setting Sun
Gold Mining Company have been tiled. The
capital stock is. f 100.000, of whien $70 is sub
scribed in sums of $10 each by E. W. Bradley,
H. w. Miller, H. B. Aldrloh, Ben W. Ferru, J.A.
.Sands, L. D. Manning and C. T. Deanis.
Friday evening a meeting will be held at
Lorin Hall to organize a parlor of Native
Daughters of the Uolden West. About flity
ladies have signified their intention to or
ganize. The movement has been furthered by
the effort-i of Mrs. Belle W. Conrad. An appli
cation will be forwarded at once to the Grand
Lodge for a cnarter.
TRIAL OF UNCLE GEORGE
The Stolen Goat Is Now Fat
tening on Dr. Pardee's
Lawn.
NOTABLE PANEL OF JURORS.
The Case Is on the Calendar for
Saturday Night at the
Macdonough.
Oakland Office Sax Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 16. f
For several days past Uncle George
Bromley of the Bohemian and several
other clubs has been preparing for his de
fense against the charge of petit larceny
in stealing a goat that has been preferred
against him. Uncle George has been in
many scrapes, but he confesses he sees less
hope of getting out of this one without
some loss of dignity than out of the many
others. The trial is arranged for Saturday
evening at the Macdonough Theater, as
Judge Wood's courtroom would be far too
plebeian for the social aggregation which is
anxious to see Uncle George "sent down"
for a few days, so that the enforced absence
from his office work will enable him to add
a couple of new variations to his favorite
recitation, "When the Cows Come Home."
According to the complaint George
Bromley was driving through the Watts
Tract in North Oakland on New Year's
day. On passing the house of Widow
O'Grady Uncle George was regaled by the
lady with a glass of goat's milk, and in re
turn for the kindness he showed his grati
tude by stealing her goat. Uncle George
has set up in his answer that the goat was
giving such poor milk teat it would not
stand the Babcock test, and that to prevent
the wiuow from being prosecuted by Oak-
THE GOAT THAT L'XCLE GEORGE BROMLEY IS CHARGED WITH STEALING.
[Drawn front life as the animal was grazing on ex-Mayor Pardee' 's lawn.~\
land's "Dockery," Inspector Pierce, he
made away with the goat.
The goat was caught while in Uncle
George's possession and has since been
fattening on the lawn of ex-Mayor Dr.
George C. Pardee. As the doctor is coun
sel for the defense he will have the goat in
as good condition as possible for the pur
pose of arguing that while in the keeping
of the defendant the animal was carefully
tended.
The trial has been arranged for the bene
fit of the Unity Ciub of the Unitarian
Church, and as nearly every seat has been
sold there will be a very handsome sur
plus. The talent is of a high order, and
although some of the performers are a lit
tle out of their usual element, each one is
capable of creating merriment, and that
is the thing desired. Of course, the
merriment will not be very loud, for Oak
land society will be there and Oakland so
ciety is not very demonstrative.
But Major Fred Whitney and Alexander
Rosborough and Judge Stephen G. Nye
will be well rewarded for their witticisms,
for the dainty little hands will clap, and
when the goat takes charge of the stage,
as it is billed to do on three separate
occasions, the gallery will make up in
volume of sound for the moderation of
the orchestra and dress circle.
The entire cast is as follows:
Defendant George T. Bromley
Plaintiff... Mrs. JanetteE. Cochrane of Santa Kosa
Judge Hon. Stephen O. Nye
clerk Bobert Edgar
BailliT George Hunt
Court reporter Phil M. Walsh
Prosecuting Attorney Major F. Whitney
Associate counsel Fred 8. stratton
Attorney for defense , Dr. G. C\ Pardee
Associate counsel Sam P. Hall
Applicant for citizenship Alex Rosborough
Chinese witnesses {^^S^SSSS
Panel from which the jury will be drawn: P. M.
Fisher. J. West Martin, T. L. Barker, J. F. Tow'e,
A. B. Nye, Phil Kemlllard, George Wheaton, O. A.
Chase, *. M. Evereit, Will Hamilton, J. J. Valen
tine, Hush .Hamilton, CL O. Bingham, J. Ca' .
Kwing, John Kuss. George Grant, J. W. Nelson,
F. W. Van bidden, J. A. Folger and James E.
Johnson. __^^^______
ALAMEDA SCHOOL CENSUS.
McFadden Too Lazy and Indif
ferent to Properly Take
the Names.
Encinal Ministers to Get Up a Mass-
Meeting to Sympathize With
Armenia.
ALAAIEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— The dis
charge from custody of Edward McFad
den recalis the scandal in the school
census taken in Alameda in 1894. The
rolls were found to be badly stuffed in that
part of Alameda which was canvassed by
McFadden. There was no mistake about
that, but it was the result of laziness and
indifference rather than hope of pecuniary
gain. Instead of laboriously making the
rounds and getting the census exact he
took the say-so of neighbors or guessed at
it. He was indicted by the Grand Jury,
but kept out of the way of arrest for a
time. A domestic complication finally
put him in the hands of the authorities,
however. He neglected to support his
family here, and his wife put the officers
on his trail. When his case came up for
trial it was thrown out of court. It was
found that he was never legally consti
tuted a "deputy census marshal," his ap
pointment having been made by Census
Marshal Ballentine, who had no authority
to appoint.
Sympathy With Armenia.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— Some of the
Alameda ministers are moving to organize
au auxiliary to the Armenian Relief
Society, whose headquarters are in New
York. Steps preliminary to a mass-meet
ing early in February have been taken.
The preachers concerned are the Rev. W.
W. Scudder of the First Prebbyterian
Church, Rev. F. D. Bovard of the First
Methodist, Rev. A. Calhoun of the United
Presbyterian, Rev. J. J. Martin of the
Santa Clara-avenue Methodist and Rev.
W. E. Smith of the Chestnut-street Meth
odist.
Rev. Mr. Bovard will preach next Sun
day on the Armenian outrages. He will
have at hand maps and diagrams to illus
trate the subject.
A Pair of Runaways.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— Two boys
were found by Policeman Lawrence sleep
ing in the little open station building at
Webster street last Thursday night. They
gave their names as Monneil and Thomp
son, and told a plausible story — how they
had come to Alameda from San Francisco
with the mother of one of them, became
accidentally separated from her and then
got lost. They were brought to the police
office and on the following morning inquiry
was made which developed ihey had not
told the truth. The name of one was Gray
and the other Mugan. Gray's father came
for his son, but did not know the other boy.
The boys ran away from home, and when
they landed in Alameda they had but 10
cents between them.
A >*ew Church.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— Work will
soon be commenced on a new building for
the First Christian Church. Rev. Henry
Victor Morgan announces that favorable
answers have been received from the
Church Extension Society in the East,
which makes a business of aiding new
churches to build, and very soon work will
be commenced on the lot recently pur
chased at the northeast corner of Park and
San Jose avenues.
Delinq.uent Taxes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— The amount
of delinquent city taxes this year i 3
$8469 68, which is about $3000 more than it
ever was before. The total tax of Alameda
this year is $154,516 16. Five per cent will
be added to the delinquency next Monday
and ©n or before the lirst Monday in Feb
ruary the list will be published.
SOLDIERS AS PYTHIANS.
One Hundred of Them Organize a New
Lodge.
The preliminary organization was ef
fected last night of a new lodge of the
Order of Knights of Pythias, to be com
posed of enlisted men of the United States
army stationed at the various posts in the
harbor. Of the nearly 100 names upon the
charter-list more than seventy answered
roilcall for this purpose, and by the date
of institution it is expected that a mem
bership of at least 100 will have been ob-
tamed. The institution ceremonies will
take place on Monday evening next at
Pythian Castle, Market street, the grand
chancellor of the onier in this State, George
Samuels ot Oakland, officiating, assisted
by a large number of members of the order.
The following officers have been elected to
serve for the current term, to wit: T. E.
Hudgeons, chancellor commander; Theo
dore C. Dormer, vice-chancellor; Fred W.
Joyce, prelate; Robert D. Cooper, M. of
the W. ; D.W.Collins, K. of R. and S. ;
M. H. Beach, master of iinance; Seth E.
Cole, master of exchequer; Harry E.
Dimond, master-at-arms; M. P. Kuhns,
inner guard, and J. P. McGoldrick, outer
guard. Less than a month ago this lodge
was not even suggested, but by the efforts
of the chancellor commander-elect, T. E.
Hudeeons, assisted by other co-workers,
the successful result has been brought
about.
THE BALFE-MOORE CLUB
New Literary and Musical Soci
ety of Prominent Irish
men.
Founded on Principles Similar to
Those of the Notable Par
liamentary Club.
A number of gentlemen prominent in
Irish literary and social circles of this City
have organized the Balfe-Moore Club with
the avowed purpose of promoting Irish
and American music and literature. Their
object also includes the giving of select
social entertainments.
A large number of those engaged in this
movement were formerly active members
of the Irish Parliamentary Club, and the
popularity of the balls and other social
gatherings given under the auspices of
that club has prompted them to make such
sociel gatherings a. special feature in the
programme of this new society.
On Shrove Tuesday evening, February
18, the club will make its lirst appearance
at Metropolitan Temple.
The programme on that occasion will
consist of an address on : 'Balfe and
Moore" by William Greer Harrison, and a
prand vocal and instrumental concert of
Irish music.
The club has already secured several of
the best arti.sts of the City. Its first con
cert will be devoted to Irish music — chiefly
selections from Balfe and Moore— but its
second entertainment, which will take
place at an early date, will be entitled
"An Evening With Longfellow," and will
embrace an address on the poet and a con
cert of American music.
The proceeds of the first entertainment
will be presented to the Sisters of the Holy
Cross of St. Charles parish, whose work
among the poor in the Mission has en
deared them to the peopie of that district.
Prominent among ttiose interested in
this newly formed club are: David .1. Cos
tello, Thomas P. Crowley, J. J. Harau,
Colonel Thomas J. Barry, Thomas P. P.
Dunne, Frank J. MrGlynu, James J. Gil
dea, Captain H. .T. M*eagher, A. B. Ma
guire. Major J. J. Dwver, Thomas It. Ban
nerman, T. F. Doolin* Dr. M. C. O'Toole,
John iSpottiswood, George E. Gallagher,
Rev. P. J. Cummins. Charles E. McAuliffe,
Philip J. Bolger, Key. D. O. Crowley,
Charles oullivan, Frank T. Shea, John j.
Barrett, Jeremiah Mahoney, W. W. St.
Clair, Hon. J. F. Sullivan, Rev. P.E. Mul
ligan, James R. Kelly, Dr. J. J. Gallagher,
Carl Eisenschimmel, John S. Bannerman,
Richard E. Dowdall, R. C. O'Connor, J.
H. Horrigan, Louis Kelly, Colonel John
O'Byrne, P. J. Thomas, T. W. Kelly, J. P.
McCarthy, T. P. Prendergast, R. j/Tubbs,
Joseph Regan, George Shorten, James
Flanagan and Richard Bunton.
Lecture by Dr. Jordan.
To-night, at 8 o'clock, Dr. David Starr Jor
dan will deliver a lecture at Golden Gate Hall,
under the auspices of the California Psychical
Society. His subject will be "The Evolution of
Mind."
TO CLEAR THE HARBOR.
Congress Will Be Asked for
$200,000 for Surveys and
Blasting.
COMMERCE COMMITTEE ACTS.
Commercial Bodies Make Haste in
Outlining a Plan for Removing
Obstructions.
The San Francisco committee on com
merce met yesterday at the Cnamber of
Commerce rooms. There was a poor at
tendance as many members of the com
mittee were out of town and others sent
excuses for their inability to attend.
Chairman T. J. Parsons said that the
meeting was a special one for the purpose
of considering the report of a subcommit
tee on removal of harbor obstructions.
Professor Davidson said that $i r >,ooo
would remove ail the dangerous obstruc
tions in the bay. At Mission Rock there
were three dangerous rocks of which the
Government was entirely ignora.it, but a
minute survey of them was in progress,
and still other surveys wouhi Da made of
Mile Rock and some obstructions not al
ready examined minutely.
"Did I understand you, professor, to say
that $25,000 would remove all the danger
ous obstructions?" asked the chair.
"Twenty-five thousand dollars for each
one," replied Professor Davidson. "Though
I made estimates of $30,000 to $35,000 yet' I
have since made up my mind that $25,000
would be quite sulticient."
The professor suggested that copies of
the report be sent to all members of Con
gress, and the original to one representa
tive chosen by the committee.
Mr. Jacobs wanted a memorial prepared
for presentation to Congress with the re
port.
The chairman asked Professor Davidson
if it vrould not be auvisable to petition
Congress for $500,000 for removal of the
specified dangers.
"Not at all," was the reply ; "the work
would not require anything like that sum,
and you could not get such a large sum
from Congress without definite informa
tion and data, to be obtained only from
minute surveys. What we ought, to do is
to ask for an immediate survey by Gov
ernment engineers, who would go into all
details."
William M. Bunker said that a definite
proposition should be put forth, as Con
gress always wanted to know exactly what
was needed, and this should be presented
in the memorial to Congress.
George W. Dickie suggested that an ap
propriation to pay for removal of one ob
struction be asked, and then if a balance
remained it could be applied to the next
rock.
Isaac Upham argued for an appeal for
comprehensive and minute surveys first,
on which to estimate thf co3t of removing
the dangerous rocks. With this approxi
mate of the cost the committee could in
telligently memorialize Congress for an
appropriation with which to remove the
submerged obstructions. Bunker took
issue with him, holding that there should
be no delay, but immediate action taken
in formulating the memorial to Congress
asking for a fixed sum for minute surveys
and beginning of the work of removal.
Chairman Parsons said he believed
Bunker's suggestion was the most feasible,
and asked Borne member to make a motion
to that effect— that $100,000 be asked for.
Jacobs made the motion, which was
promptly amended by Dickie, to make tyie
amount $200,000. The motion was carried
unanimously, and a committee will be ap
pointed to prepare the memorial and to
notify all commercial bodies in San Fran
cisco of the action taken.
A committee consisting of Bunker,
Jacobs and Rich was appointed on print
ing.
The committee decided that the usual
monthly meeting be held on the first
Thursday of each month at 2:30 p. m.
The report of the finance committee was
accepted and its recommendations were
adopted. To secure the revenue necessary
for the work of the committee it was rec
ommended that funds must be raised from
firms and corporations interested in or
whose business depended on shipping.
Also that assessments be made on a
monthly basis and on classes designated
A. B, C, D and E. Class A represents
shipping and will be asked to contribute
one-eigL'h of 1 cent a ton each month, B
$3 a month, C $2, D .sl, all three represent
ing firms not ship-owners, but largely de
pendent on shipping. Class E will be
asked for 50 cents a month, aa it repre
sents the general commission community.
MRS. SELEY NOT TO BLAME.
A Communication From the ex- Clerk of
the Kttss House Regarding ilia Wife.
The following letter from A. W. Reley,
who is now in jail on the charge of embez
zling funds from the Russ House, effect
ually rectifies an error concerning the
habits and character of his wife:
Sax Francisco, Jan. IG, 1896.
To the Editor of the Sati Francisco Call: On the
10th inst. a statement was published purport
ing to have come from me, to the effect that
my wife was addicted to the use of stimulants
and made my home unhappy.
I ask you in justice to my wife and babies to
do what lies in your power to remove the im
pression made by that statement. In the first
place I made no such remarks, and in the sec
ond place it -mould be absolutely false.
My wife has been n faithful good wife and
mother, and is in no way to blame for any net
of mine. Hoping that 'you will pive some at
tention to this in your journal I am respect
fully, A. \\ . BKUT.
NEW_ TO-DAY.
FA! L Cq
DOCTOR SWEfINY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
O diseases or the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varlcocele, hydrocele and swelling ot the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bash ftil n ess. failing memory nod all the distress-
Ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Oonorrhcea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WKITK your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be ijiven you free of charge.
Address F. L. SWKA.NY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Ofllce),
San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Ib a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
•exual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine,
Hells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary-
NABISH, ALFS & BKUNE, Agent*,
| 323 Market St., S. (Send for Circular.)
11VI
BRAW SCOT WON DRIVING
Schreiber's Honest Gray Downed
the Odds-On Favorite
Nephew.
FAVORITES IN FRONT TWICE.
Babe Murphy Defeated Gallant by a
Narrow Margin in an Ex
citing Drive.
The sou'easter cut up all sorts of pranks
at Injrleside yesterday. It came screech
ing along and at times almost blew the
jockeys out of their saddles. However, "it
is an ill wind that blows nobody good,"
and Kiley Grannan experienced a change
of luck, putting a big crimp in tne, ring on
three different races.
Although the most tempestuous racing
day yet experienced this winter, there was
a liberal sprinkling of fair race-goers in
the sfand. and in the ring the bookies
were besieged with coin, which assuredly
speaks well for the popularity of the new
course.
The elements proved fatal to all but two
of the first choices. The elastic Thornhill
was about the biggest surprise of the day,
capturing; the best race with odds of 10 to 1
about him.
Jockey Jerry Chorn had an attack of the i
ridins habit, finishing three times in front, j
once second and once unplaced out of five
mount*.
Scarcely less demonstrative could a sub
urban day crowd have been than the one
that cheered honest old Braw Scot upon
his return to the stand, after defeating the
odds oa favorite for the fifth race, Nephew,
>n the most exciting finish of the day.
The distance was a mile and a sixteenth,
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
i
Thirty- first Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Rainy
1 rack Morpv. Ingieslde Track, :?an Francisco, Thursday, January 16, 1896.
1- FIR»-T RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; thr e-year-olds and upward; allowances-
u • purs** ?400.
in!^x. Iior?", age, weight. St.
>*
\t
I
?4
sir.
Fin.
Jockeys.
• Betting.
Op. Cl.
482 Hobin Hood I, 6.. 99 1 2 i 3 4
521 iSoledad.a 96 i 1 ! Iy*
500 ;Ea«el. 3 88' 5 2 : ,
413 Johnny i'ayne, 5.103 3 43
424 Ida Saner, 4 90 7 61
498 'Bravura. 4 97 6 7
521 ; Crackajack, a 96 4 5 4
2 ' a 'J > 2 14 K.Jones 4
12 13 I 2 2 G:trnrr 11-5
3 5 3 4 32 liM«i;t 5
4 5 4 5 I 43 T.Walker ."1
7 53 | 510 Davisson. ... 20
6 2 i 6 3 : 6 'iO Lamle 12
5 3 I 7 8 7 Moi lain 7-2
4
11-5
5
9-2
30
15
3
.Straggling staru
Won easily. Winner, X. S. Hall's eh. h., by Forr»ster-Maratana. Time, 1 :lli 4 .
SIe y«*V)O RACE ~ KiVe aDd a h * lf furloni - 8 ' selling; ihneyear-oMs and upward ; allowances:
ndex. I Dorse, age, weight, I St. 114 ■ 1,3 I % str. Fin. Jockeys. ! EeUln ci
538 Sli ? o, 6 106 2 4 2 I 43 ~| 4 4 ■ 11 i (horn! i~4^ -
5-'^ Yemen, a:.:. 96 7 32 31 3% 2 1 1 3 ! K. Jones.'.....! J 4 q
629|SamLeaKe,3..... 98 5 54 154 o^ 3Va Hewitt ..... : 6 lo
501 :fummerlime,3. b<! 3 .::;::::; ?M 22 28 h 4n 0 2SS£E A i
SS l lal 2 St o* y '*-V- : ?S? 3 lh lh 22 510 HennesVyV:-::: 2 11?
5-'O ; lload Rnnn»r, 5..101 6 6U 2 2 6 64 H Mar"n "n x 5
sSoiPDdiga.6 10314 7" 6 4 7 7 iHffo't^.'l.T.'.iis ,
Good star:. Won handily. Winner, S. C. Hildre-.h's b. g., by Mr. fiCKw:cii-U enlopen. 1 Ime, 1 :10-
Good star;. Won handii;
•■ Winner, S. C. Hilrlre:h's b.
")47. f4 I w KDKACi; ~ FIVe aDd * ha " fur!ones; sellin s: allowances; three-year-olds and up; purse
Index. Korse, age, weight. St. :
V*
V*
1
S A
Sir. Fin. i
Jockeys.
I Betting.
! Op. Cl.
(53« Major Cook. 4.... 1 06 5 2U 1 1., 13
•VJ3 Kowalsky. 3 <50 1 41Z \ 4 3 4 3
524 lat Murphr, 3... 99 4 ; 3 3 3 1 3 2
(533) Ky.l*lEandidos.3.lU2 6 7 7 7
533 loano. a :os 7 610 66 5
(s]3):rnity,S J»8 2 53 5 2 6
523 Ferhaps, 3 91 3 lh 21 22
1 3 Cborn 2 11-5
2 1 iOarner 9-2 6
3h PI pott 10 12
4 2 I Coady 4 8
5 3 JMccfain ; 8 30
613 Cochran j 4 10
17 K. Jot' 3 3 5-2
start. Won easily. Winner, Frank Tnylor's b. g., by Bulwark-Sister to Violeu Time-
.^lsj i'OVRTH RACE-Slx furlongs; selling; purse * 400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. I St. jl4 y a 134 I Str.
t i i
(535) Bahe Murphy, 4.. .99 3 2h 22 1 1
535 Gallant, 4 98 6 55 3iA 30
(503) Potentate. 5 lit)! 2 4h 4 3 43
413 IPiillomen: , 4 30 1 ! 11 i n 21
436:C»rme1,5 101 4 31 520 5 6
538 Magpie, 4 9* 8 72 72 64
5-J8 .Last Chance, 5... 101 6 1 62 6V* 72
Servitor, a 106 7| ! 8 8 8
1 h Cochran 2
2 5 Pigeon ! 6
3 3 J. Walker 4
4 2 Garner 2
615 K. Jones 15
6 10 I Weber 60
7 1 H.Martin 25
8 ;Chorn 1 10
Ret tins.
<>p. Cl
6-5
6
8
3-J
100
300
200
50
<'(>Ol
1:16%.
■tart.
riving.
9. HoJ U BACE ~ Une anda sixteenth miles; selling; four year-olds and up; conditions; purse
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. Std. jl4 I % % I Str. I Fin. Jockeys. IBetttHK.
<5--'s);BrawPcot, a 109 4 2 h 11 3 1 23 3 3 In 'ciiorn ........ i jTs
530 I Nephew, 5 107! 55 5 22 In 11 ;24 Ballard.V ....... 4-5 3-5
540 1-1,4 102 1 3; 41 41 5 32 31 34 E.Jones 4U no
632 'Allahabad, 4 102 2 1 h Ufa 4h 5 4 3 4 lOlMcCiiSn...... l'
51. jModesto.s 107 1 , 3Vii 3 h lh 4 1 5 :T, T. Walker. ."."'il 40 *5
Str. Fin.
I
Jockeys.
-r, lVr r^x' ar:- Wondrivin 8- Winner. B. Schreiber's gr. g.. by imp. Midlothian-Helen Scratch
i.TH IiACE-Seven furloags: selling; three-year-olds and upward; penalties: purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, welcbt. St.
504 TbornhiH. 5 110; 2 I SI
(539),Hiehlcnd. a. 107 5 I 4 « i
539 Al Over, 4 107! ll 53'
431 jour Mazcie. 6.. ..105 -1 ! 2 1
535 -George Miller. 6. .114 3 1 1/2 i
534 L*Flech&,3 87 6 6
Vi
V*
: 3h
5 2
! 2 h
41
12
6
3/4 Str. ! Fin. ] JocKers. l o ? eUiD r"
5 3 5 4 11 Coady ~u 5
31 33* i 3 3* MciiUßh 4 5
4 .-? 4 2 4 3 i Garner 4 15
.11 12 ; 510 DoggetL.. 3 3
6 6 i 6 ißeidy 20 50
Fin. i
■ BettiDe.
Op. ci.
Good gtar:.
:32Vi. At I'O
Won <i riving. Winner, T. Lundy's eh. 1,., by imp. Cheviot-I'hcebe Anderson. Time",
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Inglesidt. Track.
Clsta?.c"a r r7 F H c" C the b ° rfeS haVe D ° TeC ° rd " the dlstance to be run the records at the next nearest
Abbreviations-F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m.. mile; f., furlong; «. about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half fiiriongs; sellinc. ~~~
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dist. ! Lbs Tk.'
Pedigree.
(**?) Wyoming 104,1:13% l 6 f lia!F...!j. G. Blows ACo . . ! Pardee-Caprice "
g :^^SilfB?M?i! io2 i H ::|il^^ r :-: SSSHir
508 jKamsin ! 101 ! 1:271.4 7 f 95!F...!1,. Kz^ll.. . 'b a^zes MU<, i/Tll S
:m j.Mt. Wcoregorii 104 1:01% 5 f 11-.'! K».|Biirn«*\Vat'eVnoiiM!»»r 4«r-M " s McJrewr
Sob lltoma. 1111:45 ;1 m 95|H. ,|Klmwood stock frm Imp. Brutus- Beaut/
BECOND IlACE— One mil?: se..!ng.
I
Index
Name.
Bet
Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk.
I"
Owner.
Pedipree.
414 Skalkaho 90 no r.-c ...: W. D.Kandall .. . .. JHvder Ali-CarrieG
634 nt:le Jimmie.. 87 no rea! . . . I K. Corri an I^ncWlor-lt™ p
? 40 Gnssle 105 1:13% .V 2 f . 119 11.. Will,am» A Marhse vier lT;\,trar?n n
•'-;' i^- 6 Ij ;; 10 :J - -b - f n4 ' •■ '^Ti'-n i ';tv suable Maior Ba,n-Miiu Hn^i,
441 Imp. Empire.... 107 1:09% '' 2 f 106 R. Rycammc stabled Ch.-s t - Qk-o nof t " \ af | nn
519 Trc-,1 Gardner... 1110,1:42^;! m |104!F...iF. hi. Taylor | Luke Kobil.Ton Knfi'jdt "^
THIRD KATE- Six furlongs; ss-lling.
I
N» me.
I I Ben ;
j Lbs 'record. Dist.
Urn Tk.
Owner.
i te^-iIS ki? ill: i«J!™™
2.T 'JPP- ■Al'tn 107 1 : Aberdeen stable ... ?"sierlintr-Ai Aft-ii
*** !«»»erJ 130, :s«i/4J 4% « 105|F... F. McHermou.... Imp. T?ne Brl-on-Llllle s
476 jun^A^o::i]Sl|i:oH-j-5V- iwiK^S^™^.:::"!^^^^ l^
52S l^emaHartmai. i lo7ilrf>S%! 6% f IISiF-jli. Schrelber....::::llm"^Vood?and B Honora
FOLKTH ilACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling.
I
Index. |
■'. I j ! Best I ~~ j ~ ~
nrtPX - j Name. Lbs; record. Dist. Lbs Tk. ' Owner. Pedljrree
lp=lllili|i^iiiis
l^^:::::::::::l)^ii-:4^i-i^- -^k: g:^^&.:::::: SS^t f .
Owner.
Tedicree.
FItTH 11AC E-Six turlongs; gelling.
iDdex.;
Nan-ie.
Best
Lbs record.' Dist. Lbs Tk.'
Pedlßree.
499 Harry Lewis 9* 1 13.. *i\ t an »■■ I \i«.ii, 7^ 1 ~~
459 Fond Hope 94 none v s^ii? I|».Mr.Pjckwick-UenlODen
.V2l Catch 'Km 00 i 1-15 'ViZV go if" ». , ■ anz Joe i looker- False Queen
472 Chanreu^i.::::: 8n b/tt ""• R°«;ir^ ieS - F " ?>»JOJidlo|hian-Uu Flush
4H6 Arundol mi i nY" ii"" ;Kr* t i;" «• i-.mp ror-Wacoola
s^B Uncertainty:::::: 105 1 .:° 1 M 10 ° F " j L 7iw f f?- gukeof 4 vonolk-ifilalne
47 J Flii slaucliter 00 J.G. Bra»n& Co.. Kmperor-Quandary
*,* 1 nil aiaugimr. . . . ! w | — — - >lrg - Anderson Gano-Mandy Fortune
: selling.
Nam*.
I iw-st
Lbs record.
Dist.
Lbs Tk.
OwnT.
Pedifrree.
.'.•JH Penciulor. 1 107 1 :22i/il6 f
f>'27 Gold Bug ' 100 l:OBVi!5Vi f
:.:<l All Baba 103 1:U 6 f
1020 ManMl ' B:il:O,-! Si/, f
622 Itunjo I 04 1:078,4 51 5
531> Ixation ... 0;! l :i»; '■, :,< " f.
588 Knrr-u* ' 03 1:13% 6 f
40] ImFollertalran H8
640 Momalvo 193 1:51 7f
1 81 s* " ?5" Dickey Gano-Armeda Howard
in« \v&\ ri?S nter Piitsbur K --Uoliies
\?ss"- * )elM °nt<> stable... Jo« Danlela-Test,
"tilp"' nS"f. S , ta K. le •-• Bonnie Ban-Aun-ola
in~iv"' - . stl } ble Perecrin«-La4y Foster
107 h... t alifonua. stable.... BeKeEt*a4le
103 1-... O. i<OM : Kolian-Ord nance
ilO2iii" l"i . bll t. Bt3ble - Vulleno -Castaway ,
|JU2|Ii...J. Cocnran jsid-May Belle
I and Bookmaker George Roses' horse was |
looked upon as a "pipe,' 13 to 20 being
his closing odds. Barney Schrieber'a gray
gelding was as good as S to 5 in a few of
the books, with a world of 3 to '2 obtaina
ble. Allahabad, Braw Scot and Modesto
jail took turns at leading during the run
i ning, though the real race commenced
about three furloncs from the wire. Bal
iard here Bent the favorite out in the lead,
with the pray hot after him. Into the
stretch they were nearly on equal terms,
the advantage lying with the favorite. A
furlong from home Braw Scot had thefavor
' ite in trouble, and suref ooted in the slushy
going, won in a drive by a necK. Fi Fi
was third.
The 11 to 5 favorite Soiedad finished sec
ond in the opening race, a five-and-a-half-
I furlong spin. Robin Hood I, with 4to 1
I about him in the ring, took the le3d in the
stretch, and won handily by four lengths.
The race following was at the same dis
tance, and again were the favorites bowled
over. After" some heavy plunging Main
stay and Summer Time closed equal
choices in the betting. The two favorites
showed the field the way into the stretch,
and then both grew weary. Yemen then
took the lead and in a hard drive was
beaten out by Sligo. who went to the post
7to 1. Sam Leake came strong at the end,
taking third place.
The third event, also at five and a half
furlongs, resulted in an easy win for the
: 11 to ,i favorite Major Cook, who passed
Perhaps, the second choice, on the far
. turn, and won easily, kowaisky took sec
! ond place from Pat Murphy by a length.
A Biz-furlong run resulted in a very
pretty finish between the favorite, Babe
: Murphy, and Gallant. Ezell's fast mare
opened at twos, and was backed down to
7to 5. Philomena ruled a strong 8 to 5
! second choice. The latter got somewhat
! the best of the start, and made the run
; ning to the stretch, at which point the
favorite was a close second, with Gallant
j third. Phiiomena soon quit and gave way
■ to Babe, who, in a hard drive, beat *Gai
i lant a head on the post. Potentate was an
i indifferent third.
The last event was over seven furlongs
j with Barney Schreiber's mare Highland, a
; most prominent favorite. George Miller
with Doggett up was a strong second
choice, with All Over the next fancied.
: Miller made all the running until well
straightened away for the wire, where the i
: favorite had him wobbling. Just as it
looked like the favorite's purse Coady on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, ISOO.
Thornhill came with an electric rush the
last hundred yards and snatched the race
by a length. All Over made it decidedly
interesting for the favorite, being beaten
but half a length for the place.
Track and Paddock Items.
Johnny Payne was well backed to win
the opening race, but Tommy Walter ex
tracted about as much speed out of him as
a lemon-squeezer would cider from a base
ball.
Summer Time and Mainstay fought it
out for fourth place honors.
Had Barney Schreiber kept Chorn on
the ground instead of letting him ride
Sligo -in the second event the St. Louis
penciler's horse Yemen would in all likeli
hood have scored a winning bracket.
Some other boy on Sligo might not have
ridden him as well.
Davis & Sbepard, a very popular book
making firm who have experience! a long
run of "hard luck," were hot doing busi
ness yesterday. The firm lost heavily on ■
\\ ednesday, and concluded to tak* a rest. :
"Mysterious" Podiira started in the sec- j
ond race, but couldn't raise a gallop. :
Probably he has relapsed into another of
his mesmeric spells only to waken when
both talent and ring are" slum berihg.
A stumble about forty yards from the
wire nearly cost Babe "Murphy the race. ',
Cochran quickly picked her tip and she
pulled the race out of the coals by a head.
Gallant was traveling so easy that Joe Pig
pott, bis rider, and not a few of the crowd
thought he won, but the judges certainly
placed the horses right.
Riley Grannan hit a lucky inning. He
began well by backing .Major Cook and
then rolled up an additional thousand or
two by going down the line on Babe Mur
phy.
The Braw Scot race then bobbed up.
Riley sauntered around the ring until he
saw 8 to 5 against the gray horse on Ed
I Games' board. He offered Ed a $1000 bet
at those odds and the young Western pen
ciler finally grew so accommodating that
he laid Grannan $4SOO against $3000. The j
young plunger next paid George Rose, the j
owner of the red-hot favorite Nephew, a
visit and the genial George willingly laid
him $1600 against $1000 on the Schreiber
entry. Riley quit way ahead on the day I
and the many admirers of the plucky
plunger were pleased to hear of his good
fortune.
Ed Games partially recovered his losses
on the Braw sjcot race by backing Thorn- '
j hill in the last race.
Allahabad was backed down from 30 |
and 40 to 1 to 12 to 1 for a "watermelon \
cutting," but it did not take place.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elisabeth Cluck to Leonora Maver, lot on S line
Ol McAllister s;n-et, 16e:b W of Webster, W 50, S>
137:6, X 51. N 37:6.W 1. N 100: trust.
Siinn- 10 same, lot on E line of Fillmore street, '
87:6 N of Fulton. N 50 by B 112:6: ?5.
Henry F. Brans to John F. Brans, lot on SW
corner of Union and Uctavia streets, W 31 byS 75,
subject 10 Dior gage; also, lot on .N'W corner of :
Pierce and Eddy streets. W 30 by N 75; $10.
Maria T. Mulry to Benjamin Healy. lot on W
line of Boyce street, 512 N of l'oint Lobos ave
nue, X -.'5 by 1*20; $75.
D. B. and Fannie A karri (by F. M. Thai, com
missioner) to Thomas R. Hobson. 10. on line of
Tremoui avenue, 496 S of Frederick street, b25
by 80; *2500.
William A. and Catherine A. Stevens, by same
to same, lo; on E line of Tremont avenue, 471 8 of
Frederick street, > 26 by 1. 80: $2500.
Elizabeth Gluck to Leonora Mayer, lot on BW
line of Ninth street, 85 MV of Harrison, \V 50
by S>\ 100: eift.
Bernard Kelly to Mary Kelly, lot on S\V line of
JnniiK-r street, 100 NW of Bryant, X VV 25 by SW
bo; gift.
James T. and Mary A. Leach to T. It. Turner, lot
on S line of Valley street, 130 W of Sanchez, W 75
by S 114: $10.
Boniface F. Kehrlein to Joseph L. Kehrlein, lot
on J?W corner of Leavenworth and Xor;h I'oiut
streets, s 137 :«, W 137:8, > 74, E '.'5, .V 63:6, X
112:6; aim lot on X line of Valparaiso street,
114 :6 Wcf Mason, \V 23 by N 60; $10.
Elizabeth Gluck to Leonora Mayer, lotonNW
corner of O'Farrell and Williams streets, W 66 by
S 112:6; $:"..
Edward E. Kellogg to Mspah }!. Kellogg, all in
terest In the following: Lot on E line of Twenty
tiilh avenue, 175 X of L street, X 30 by E 240;
also lot ou ;> l:n.- of O'Farrell street, 137:6 Wof
Taylor, W 57:9 by 8 157:6; also lot on b line of
Turk street, 87:6 W ot Hyde, W 25 by S 82:6;
also lot on * lire of Turk street, 62:6 W of Hyde,
\\" 25 by S 52:6; aiso lot on S line of Duncan
street, 193 E of I astro, E 25 by 8 114; also lot
ou * line of Duncan street, 218 >; of Cas
tro, B - J.. by 8 114; also lot on S line of Duncan
street, 243 i. of Castro, B 25 by .s 114
--also lot on 8 line of Duncan street, 168 E of Cas
tro. 1-. 25 by 8 114: also lot on W line of Fillmoie I
street. 53 N of .^acramemo, N '-'5 by W y0; also lot !
on 8 line of ."Su niiuenio street. 68:9 W of Lacuna,
VV tSB:9 by 8 27:8 Vi: also lot on - line of Sutler I
street, 75 w of Lnrkln, W 50 by S 120: also lot on
Si; corner of Devisadero and OVarreil streets, 8
25 by £ 90: also lot on HE corner of Vallejo and
Webster streets. S 2b:6 by E 91:6; also property
in Marin and Butte counties, quiio"aim dee,.; $10. I
Annie Kelly, Ed ward and Catherine Kehoe, I'eter j
and Mary VVhi rity to Mcl Vogel.rerecord of 1203 d
286, lot on NW line of Xato'ma street, 128 \E of !
Ninth, NE 25 by NW 75: $3801). ;
Everett X. Bee to David Samuels, lot on SE cor
nor or Clement street and Eighteenth, avenue, IS
Orpha Burkett to same, lot on S line of Clement
street, 35 Eof Eighteenth avenue, X 31 by si 100;
$10.
Michael and Julia Murphy to John Mnrphv, lot
on E line of Twentieth avenue, 175 8 of Point
Lobes, a 25 by E 120: HO.
Isaac and Helena, Uebes to Rienzi Hughes, lot '
on N line of I> street, 106:8 E ot .Ninth avenue, X
Peter T. Uannon (by J. J. McDade, Sheriff), to
Hibernia Savings and Loan society, lot on B\V
corner of State and Castro s;ree:s, W 100. 8 104-6
E 100. X 103:6, bIoCK 15. Flint Tract: .-^5 00. ' '
Elizabeth CJluck to Leonora Mayer, lot commenc
ing 267 Eof SE corner of Oliver street and New
County road (Mission), X 89 by 8 213, subdivis
ion 32, West End Homestead; £5. ,
John and Emma Meyer to Charles Lots, lot on E
line of Stunyan street, 221:9 8 of Seventeentn s
25, E 153:10, N 4 dig. 50 mm., \V 25:0 Vi
W 155:6; $10. iJ -"/a.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
The Central Land Company (a corporation) to
W. a. Rouse. lot on NW con of Thirty-fourth (or :
Brown) and Mamet streets, N 60: 114, \v lls-"i-b !
S 60:1, E 123:7 to beginning, being lot 1, block v' !
Central Land Company's Tract, Oakland; also lot
beginning at the N W corner of lot 1. clock 0 Cen
tral Land Company's Tract, thence X 2. E •■>;
H 2. W 26, portion of lot 2. block O. Central Land'
Company's Trac . ».»aklann; $10.
Kate Croney to Lois B. Van Meter, lo: on s line
of -*, A avenue, 362:2 \V of Shauuck avenue
W 50 by 8 105, being lot d, block L, Newburv
Tract, Berkeley; .?5. '
Albert S. Wood bridge to Eueenle C. Ayhens
(wife of I. J.), lot on « line of Palmetto street ''50
W of Boston avenne, W 50 by S 129:9, be;:i" To's
15 and 16, rpgubdi vision of block B ProsDect Hill
Tract, Brooklyn Township; ?SOO.
Eugenic C. Ayhens to Paul A. Ayhens, lot on «
line of I'nlmetto street. 250 \V of Boston avenue
VV '25 by ** 129:.'. being lot 16, "subdivision of
block B, same: $300.
(Jeor«e W. and Anna Hasans to Alamoda Build-
Ing and Loan Association, lot on W line of Prospecl
street. 148:SV 2 *> of Santa Clara avenue, since
widened, s 50 by W 140. portion of Augbinbaii"h
223-acre Tract, Aiameda; $10 "
Caroline K. Dwindle to Arthur D. Harrison, lot :
on E line of V, eh. r street. 675 Bof Central avenue '
■"i, 50 J )y i^n 100 ' lot 139 ' Enclnal Park Tract,"
Alaineda; >10.
Mary K. p. Johnson (wife of Alex) to Helana '
Morgenstern, lot on X line of Lincoln avenue
where same intersects XW line of 4-acre tract sur
vey, thence -E 50, XE to boundary line between
lands owned by H. and Ann K. Robinson, April 5
1878. and lands at said lost day owned by a a
Cohen, thence NW to XW line of said 4-acre* tract
survey, thence teW to beginning, portion lots 2]
and 22, map of 4-acre tract survey, subject to a
mortgage for $1500, Alameda; .*lO BUD]ect to a
William L. and Kllen W. Law to Central Bank,
lot on X line of Nolan, or Thirty-third) street, 1 lb 3 :
X ot Market. E ICO by N 10:, being lots 29 and
30. block X, property of Central Land Company
formerly the Brown Tract, Oakland; $10
Jena H.'Simonson to Ber;:ithe Hansen.loton SE
line of \\ als-.vrrth street, at SW corner of lot 1
block A, Oakland View Homestead Association'
thence MS 104, SW 20:6. XW to pointo¥sE liiie
of Walsworth street, 26 s\v from point to be?in
ning thence 26 t<i beginning, portion of lot 2.
blocK A. lands o: Oakland View llome^ead *«»
ciation, Oakland; ipio.
William H. and Frances Mackinnon to Alfred
"tt ood, :o: D. being a resubdivision of lots 11 12
?a n nd- a »i D . 1 . Al<jakiau<i VieW •stead.Oak
h«?^ l ?i " a^ en , tO . Jens P - Sl nionson, the X
h»if of lot 2. block A; lanas of Oakland View
Homestead Association, portion of -» 11
100-acre Tract, Oakland ; $5. «aisnortn
Samuel Little to Nancy A. Little, lot on 8 line of
CaWdoiia avenue. 173.36 E of Grove street fsi
Oakland? Kif^" 18 '° : ™' Home'st^
Alexander Martin to Alfred Wood, rerecord W.
d 167, lot on s\v corner of Weston avenue aid
Saver street, W 50 by 8 150, belnVlot if bock C
w T^sfpTf rr ph " aveiiue »«--* :
South Wales has a haunted coal mine,
lhiß ghostly place is the Morfa Colliery,
ana it has been infested with re tie*ss
spirits for about a week. They are sup
posed to be six in Dumber and to be the
ghosts of some miners who were killed in
an explosion. They make their presence
known by wailing and knocking *all over
the underground workings. These diver- '
sions, it is said, they vary by the singing
of dirges and the roll of muffled drums.
» * < .
Scholars are coming to the conviction
that the rums found in Ma»honaland,
bouth Africa, are of Semitic and Arabian !
origin and that the negro race had nothing ;
more to do with their construction than as '
the slaves of a race of higher civilization. j
BIG MINING PLANT.
Captain Buckley Tells of Important
Work Now Being Done at
Downievllle.
Captain Thomas Buckley, superintendent
j of the Gold Valley Mining Company's
1 properties near Downieville, Sierra County,
jis in the City. He has been attending the
United States Circuit Court as an expert
witness for the plaintiff in the case of the
Little Emily Mining Company of Chicago
against William S. Couch and others.
The Gold Valley Mining Company's
I mines are about- twelve miles from Downie
i *i"G. The company has the largest works
in Sierra County, consistine of a twentv
five-stamp ruiil, "chlorination and hoisting
works.
j The mill and hoisting xvorks, so Mr.
Buckley says, are operated by electricity.
The electric plant com Driseo'a 150-horse
power dynamo and two electric motors of
: (Jo-horsepower each. The entire plant is
lighted by 100 electric lights. He said :
"The company is now employing lifty
men and is extracting and reducing forty
to fifty tons of gold ore a day. The elec
tric j>l:un was manufactured and erected by \
the Electric Engineering Company of San j
T rancisco and has been running satisfacto- j
; nly for eighteen months."
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Values were off again yesterday, though the de
predation was slight. Con. Cal. & Va. declined io
$■-! 30, Ophir to $1 35 bid, Noroross to $1 25, Chol
lar to 60c, an,] so on. Business was dull. The
market was weak at the close.
NOTKS.
Crcwn Point is assessed 20 cents: the Lady
Washington Consolidated 5 cents, delinquent Feb
ruary 17.
The Virginia Chronicle says: Crosscutting was
i begun In the Chollar incline on the Brunswick
| loae Monday, and some Improvements in Con.
Virgldia are also reported.
Tee Occidental Consolidated assessment of 15
i corns will be delinquent in the boards to-day. Ad
: vices received from the Occidental report the cnt
-1 ting of rich ore 80 feet further to the west of
former workings. The streak is but a foot wide.
but is of a good grade liiid may possibly lead in to
j an ore body.
At the annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada
Mining Company 82,b27 shares were represented
find the following officers elected: Charles H.
Fish, president; Charles Hirshfeld, vice-president;
and 11. Zadig, Thomas Cole and A. K. P. Harmon
trustees. Roger Pendf-rgast was re-elected super
intendent and E. L. Parker secretary. The finan
cial statement showed a credit of $2692 70.
In the Eodie Consolidated mine during the week
ending January 12 the north dritt from the east
crosscut. 200 level, was extended 9 feet. The
ledge in the face continues about 21/2 feet, wide of
low-grade quartz. Sou drift from same level
w«s extended 8 feet. There Is from 10 to 12
inches of low-graae quartz in the face. East cross
cut from the Glide* ledge was extended 18 feet.
No change since last report. Upraise from south
drift. 300 levrl, extended 20 feet. Face is in soft
porphyry. South drift from west crosscut, 300
level, extended 7 feet. Face is in hard porphyry.
In the Mono m ne east crosscut from south drift
.400 level, was extended 8 feet. The face is in
hard porphyry.
1 he weekly letters from the Gold Hill mines are
as follows:
I s <;. Bklciikr.— There have been hoisted dur
ing the week and stored in the orehouse at the
mine 10 mining carloads of ore, fie average top
car sample of which shows an assay value of
$'2S 25 per too.
Cox. ImpkriaL.— The jolnt'Challenge and Im
perial ■west crosscut, 1 from the surface tunnel is
: out 214 feet, 14 feet having been made during the
week'; the face shows porphyry.
Crown Point.— The southwest drift on the 600
level is now out a total distance of 120 feet: the
face is in soft porphyry. Have comple:ed the re
. parrs in the southeast crosscut on the 600 level
i ant) have started a north drift on the t-islith floor
of s:ope above the 700 level. The drift is out
;23 feet, and the face is in low-grade quartz. Have
j completed repairs in the east crosscut on the 1110
level and are now preparing to make a raise from
It to the 1000 level at a point 300 feet east of the
shaft station, on a body of low-grade i uartz ex
posed at that point. The usual repairs In the
shaft an i the main thoroughfare are under way.
Belcher.— On the 3oo level the joint BHcherand
Beg. Belcher west crosscut from the south lateral
drift is out 220 feet; the face shows porphyry and i
quartz 01 no value; the joint east crosscut from
the south lateral drift, same level, is out 111 feet.
There have been hoisted during the week and
stored in the orebouse at the mine thirty-seven
; carloads of ore, the average top car sample of j
; which shows an assay value of $24 87 per ton.
Overman.— Have extracted from north drift. POO '
level, 6- 3 tons of ore, the assay Value being $33 39
per ton. On the 9th inst. shipped to the Brunswick
mill 33 Va tons of ore.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the salos In the Baa Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
RKani »BHOB> in- •«c-s^r->v rovrw^N-rrtv* *t<*:3o.
100 Alpha 22 iOO Crown Pt.23300 Ovr>rmn...l9
100 Andes 21 500 G it' 250 Potosi 53
600 B <fc 8....9] II I.B' 100 Savage... .29
500 63 900 Occidll... .65 400 23
300 CC&V.. 2.50.1200 63|
AFT F.R NOON SKSSIOV -SJ:3Ti
600 Aloha 20 50 C Point... ?o 200 Ovrmn ..17
300 Belcner... 19300 Potost.. 62
100 Ji& U... .91-200 (i AC. 56,400 3a va*e.. -27
50 Bodle '.00 Justice.. ..OS 200 scorpion .02
200 41 500 0ccidt1....66 100 beg 8e1....09
100 Ch0Har....61 65 100 S Key. ...44
500 60100 64 100 V Jacki...42
50'J C Imp 02i i
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
lioard yesterday :
HKoruii m«Tos - — 1O:T».
500 Alpha 23 500 Con 1m....()2 300 Mexican. .6l
JiOO Alia 07500 03 100 (50
200 Andes -2 1000 C Point.. 23 2600 Occid.. 65
MOO Belcher.. 500 22 300.... 66
KM) B&B fl.-BOM Si 100 Ophirl. 42l/,
400 90 300 20400 1.*5
400 8u11i0n.... 17i. ; 00 Kxcnqr ...0,5300 Ovrmn . 18
3UoCa;eda 09 600 O <£ U 56 200 .. 19
600 c:nall«-e....27 i*00 55,400 Potosi '.'..7.54
400 Chonar.... 100 H«£>' ...1.35:300 .. .. 53
400 63 800 1.32Vi6005avaee....28
300 62 700 1.3u|400 Scorpion. .o2
200 61-^OO 1.271 2 . ; iOO HA M 10
400CC.tV2.47i'.> 1000 Julia 03 400 SNev.. 45
300 2.40500 Justice... .o3:6oo Union C...37
150 Conn.... 1.10400 Ken 06 300 Utah U6
200 C N V 06 200 JL Wa5h... .01 700 V Jacket..44
AUKRVOIX ■ BSSION ~-':'11.
600 Alpha 22 150 CCV..2.42 Vi 400 Occidtl.. .66
200 21 300 2.411 400 64
200 Alta 07 200 2.45500.. 62
300 Andes 21 400 C Imp 02 300 .... 61
100 20600 (' P0int... 20 200 Ophir .140
400 8e1cner...26 900 19200 . is.'.
550 B& B 1 too Kxchqr..O? 300 ovrmn ]'•,
600 <■•() (00 <fcC 55600 17
lOOßodie 41300 400 Potosi s'> !
300 8u11i0n. ...17 -0«» II AX 1.2? I■• SOO Savaxe '~h I
800 Bulwer ...12:100 1.3UJ1000 V~27
300 Caieda.. ..o9 300 Mexican..6l 400 -S Xcv '45
400 <halltiKe..-J7 60 300 Union 36
200 28300 69 400 V Jacket .43
500 C'h0!1ar....61 100 Mono 300 42
60 Conn 1.07 2 100 ...67 400 '.."."44
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan. 16-4 p. M .
... _ Eid.A*kftl.\ Bld.A.xk«tf
Alpha C0n..... 20 21 Jarkson.. — 411
Alt» 06 07 Julia — 03
Andes - 20 22 Justice 03 04
belcher 24 25UemucK. 0.) 06
Best & Belcher. 88 90 Lady Wash.... — 01
iientouCon _ 40 Mexican. 60 61
{|°t>ie 40 41 Mt. Diablo Id "0
bullion 16 17 Mono _ 06
Bulwer - 12 13 Nevada Quean. 04 06
Caledonia 08 10 Occidental 62 64
Challenge (Jon. 27 290pbir.... 1.35 140
<-'liollar 60 61 Overman ... 17 \a
Con.Cal.Jt Va.2.4) 2.45 t'otosi II 50 62
Con. Imperial. 02 03 . .. 27 28
Confident*. 1,00 1.05'bt K . Belcher... 08 10
Con^ewYoric — 06 Sierra Nevada. 43 44
Crown Point... 18 19 Scorpion. 03 _
i.astsierraNa* — 04 Silver Hill 02 03
txcliequer..... 07 08 Silver Kins.... 20 —
l-urekacon.... — Syndicate 02 _
uould Jt Curry. 55 68] Union C0a.....* 36 37
H»led:;sorcM.l.2s 1.30 Utah 05 06
iofta 02 04 j Yellow Jaclcoc 40 42
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 16-3 p. it
cnitki) STATES bonds.
Hid. Asked. Rift JiketL
C84.c0np..107».i - |US4 5reg...107%S reg...107% _
MISCKLLANKOUS BOND.T.
0131 , 658 - - 110 Do. 2d «m 63 — —
tallilfcl.6s.lo6 - P<tOKy6s. — 108
CntraC\Vss. - 100 P<tCh Xv 65.102 i/ 4 105Vt,
Dpm-st ex-cp 77 95 Pwi-«r.RR6s. — ii6i%
tdsnLitl' e5.106." 1i:7:i. Reno. \VI,.tL — 105
F<!;CIIKU63.IOi3 /i iory 2 Kiver\VCo6s — 100
Oearv-stßss. — 105 "Vactol* it .100 lU2Si,-
I-OBAmrLBs. — 101 'SF&NPKRSsIOOVjIOI
l)o,Unted.6s. — 101 bJ'KKAriz 6s — 95
ilkt-stCbleosl2o 122 |SPKltCal6s..llO —
Don.vConss..loß 108Va'«PKi:Cal5s.. — 97iA
KevCNgUSs. — 100 jSPBrKCaI6s. 9614 96^4
PCKK65.1031.2 - !dV\Vater«Js..l2OS.il2l
NKy Cal 65.10UV3 — feVWater4s.- PB»4. —
NP.yCalss. — 103 IStkini.AKß* — ' 103
OakOaa 55..104Va — BunstTJtT6s.loo —
Do, I'd Iss ss. 101' 3 _ Sut;er-siU53. — 110
Omnibus 1183 4 il9Si VisaliaWCds — 92
PacP.ollilbs.. - —
water STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 40 2 San Jose 75V a US
alarm Ca.... — 53 Spring Valley 8(j& 8 97
CAS STOCKS.
Capital. :..-.;. - 40 Pacific Light. 46 47%
t^ntral 95 — Kan Francsco 7 1 1 i -
Oak GLAH. 50 — Stockton. .... — 211.4,
PacGaslnip. 79V'2 80 W.
INBCBAScK STOCKS.
HremausFd.lso — |i<nn 66V3 —
COMJIKBCIAI. BANK STOfKS.
AmerBATC. — — ! London A.I 27 130
Anglo-Cal/.. 58 - I-ondoniSF. _'* 30
bank or Ca1.. 2 - 9 235 Merch Xi la _
CaiaD4Tl)o«H r,.;i., 60 Nevada "" — _
FirstNutioni.l7s ' — feather B Co- — -
Grangers.... — — | "
■ATOraa BAKK STOCKS.
GerS&LCo.l4oo 1520 S vALoan.. — ISO
HumbSiL.looo — Security 210 2iO
Mutual 35 411/, Union Tru3c7so «30
St SavUnion — 490 i
STREET RAILROAD RTOCKS.
California.... 105 — O3k.SL&IIay — 100
Geary -st 60 70 l'resiaio 5 —
Market-5:.... 44V 8 44V 2 Sutter-st. — —
POWlJbii ST..
Atlantic D... 15 — ijudson — —
California.... — 98 Vlgonu 600 90c
Ulant. — 19 I
m«CELi.ASrnrs STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. 97 100 :OceanlcSSCo 16i/ a 21
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 J'acAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — Pacl&N'Ca — 30
Edison Light. S6y» — Roll Mill 22Va —
GasConAssn. — — IParfPaintCo. 4 7Va
HawC&SCo.. 7% Bi'4 PacTrausCo. — 25
HutchSPCo.. 12^ 13y B PacT*'i'Oo 55 —
JudsonMfgC. — — SunsetT&T.. 40 —
MerExAssalOO 110 United — 25
HOXN ,so F./~.,r,»v
Board— lo Edison Light <fe Power Co, 96 V 2: $1000
Fnlson L A P Bonds, 107: 50 Pacific Gas Imp.
"91/2: 50 S F Gaslight, s 3, 71i /a .
Sireet— so S V Water, y«%.
AKTEHX ESStOV.
Board— ss S V Water. 86%: 40 do. 968' 8 .
Street— £2ooo Marke'-st Railway < on Bonds,
108: 200 S F Gaslight, 71V 3 ; $4000 SV 6% Bonds,
120%.
*AN FRANCISCO "CALU"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat.i^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-630 Montgomery strut,
corner Clay ; open until 0:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
■ ntli 9 o'clock.
S5lB Mission street, open natil 9 •'clock.
118 Ninth itr«et, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
rt3p a REGULAR MEETING OF v Ov.
l»- ' the Caledonian Club THlS^jliX';
EVENING at 8 o'clock, at Scottish s»Jx T#«?
Hall, 111 Larkin st.
D. R. McNEILL, Chief.
James H. Duncan, Secretary.
KS> UNITY LODGE NO. 131. I. ...v,.iu,,,T~
>>-*' O. O. F.. Sixteenth and Valen-^giiSp^-
ci.i sts.— Officers and m-mbers are re-
quested to assemble at the lodeeroom <s %7ii<^>-
FRIDAY, January 17, at 2 o'clock p. M. for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. GEORGE STEWART.
t. J. VIS. N. G.
William Thackeray, Recording Secretary.
jjP-^gp LA SOCIETE FRANCAISK rTEPARG-
Ib~^r nes et de Prevoyntice Mutuelle— The annual
meeting of he stockholders of the above-named
society for the election 01 a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as mar come belore the
meeting will be held at the office of the corpora-
tion, f>34 California street, San Francisco, Cal., on
MONDAY, January 27, 1896, at 3 o'clock P. M.
L. BRAND, Secreiury.
San Franrisco, January 3. 1896.
SJ^p DUTCH MINING AND MILLING COM-
»»-** pany— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING AND MILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build-
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
streets. San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the
21st day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to nerve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business as may be brought before the
meeting.
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
G. TR If TEN BACH, President.
M. Clausskxius, Secretary.
StSS 3 PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. R. CO.—
ur~x>" The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders oi the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
-1 pany will be held at the olllce of the company, 1111
! Union street, corner Sharp's Dlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.", for
I the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
! during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, a. 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON, Secretary,
oflice— llll Union St., corner sharp's place, san
Francisco, Cal.
J£^%=* ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
j •i-^ annual meeting of stockholders of the
; Ocanic Steamship Company will be held at the
Office of the company, 327 Market street, San
: Francisco. Cal., on TUESDAY, the 21st day of
I January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m." for
the purpose of electing a toard of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come belore the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
oTt^TI^N^^AN^D^TrXLFt
**-»" orphans that were received into St. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amly Suhaner,
aged 10 yrs.; Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.: Nellie Dixon, 5
yr .; Margaret Buihnell; 12 yr*.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr.; Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Rosie Morris. 10 yrs.
Hal (-orphans— Maggie Sanchez, 9 yrs.; Susie San-
cnez. 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey. 5 yrs.: Meta Reeb, i
yrs.: Jennt« Reel), 9 yrs.; Roy Nevis, 5 yrs.: Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary Liston. 9 yrs.; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs. : Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos.: Annie Miller, 2 yrs.; Josephine
Miller, 1 yr.: Mary Pancntttc, 1 yr.; Mary Snow-
enbiirg. 9yr-i.: Vir.i MarKs, 4 yrs. : Agnes Muse,
11 yrs : Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.: Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.: Henry Lenard, 3 yrs.; Joseph Haley. 8 yrs.:
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs.: Lucretia Len:ir<j", 6 yrs.;
Walter Lenard, 7 yrs.; William white, 2 wks.;
Peter Haley, 6 yrs. ; Mary Jackson, 1 yr. ; Louise
Dlgner, a yrs.; Joseph Catch man, 4 yrs.; Laura
Catchni&a, 9 yrs. ; Agnes Catchman, 6 yrs.: Irene
< li. man. 7 yrs. : Agnes Lefevere, 9 yrs.; Gastina
Monionia, 2 yrs.; Johnny Rice, 7 yrs.: George
Snowenberg, 7 yrs.; Joseph Bnowenberg, 8 yrs.
I Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlon, 3 yrs. ; M*ary
j Donlon, 9 yrs.
|3> CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
■0"-=^ Chiropodic Institute, room 11, M)« Market.
S^S 1 * MRS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
»-*' room 23 ; genuine - magnetic treatment.
i^S 3 MRS. VESTA GOLDSMITH HAS RE-
&-**? turned to 850 Market st., parlors 47 and 48.
SJ^S 3 MISS FRANCES BERNHABD 17a
m*£r Sixth, room I— Genuine massage treatment,
SC^g=* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR fiT
o*-*' Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont&y st., room 6, Tel. 6580.
gi~S= MRS. 8088, 1038 MARKET ST., ROOM
*~- c ' 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
ESS» CORNS. INGROWING NAILS. SUCCESS
.'J~- fully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurline Baths.
i j£^s=* windows cleaned and floors
s*-°^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
carnages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutler.
P^gr" ROOMS " WHITENED. »1 UP: PAPER-
i*-*^ »d S3 50 uo. 3171/2 Third. George Hartman.
(PS>" ABANDONED CHILDREN ADMITTED
i^r^b" into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1, 1594. until December 31. 1895:" Wil-
liam Finsterhusch 5 years, James Doran i years,
Grace Doran 2 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years.
Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 years,
George Lombard 4 years.
»^§» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
c>-«^ WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WAHTBO-ITKMALK.
TfY~A~THOROUGHLY 'COMPETENT AMERI-
-L» can woman, a place to cook in a private fam-
ily, small hotel or in an officer's family at a mili-
tary post; no objection to leaving the city or State.
Address, for one week, L. 7... box 59, Call ORice.
REFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
J-t pos.tlou as uaveling companion, saleslady or
cashier. Call or address 24 Hartford st., between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
OITI AI'ION, BY A RMAN GIRL, AGED 18
0 years, to assist in light housework; a good
home more desirable tha.i wages. Call or address
10 Ash aye.
OU KG WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
■L night cook in restaurant or wait on table; no
postals. Call 83 Clementina st., upstairs.
■yOUNG WOHAN WANTS PLACE ASHOUSE-
-l keeper; city or country. Call 28 Seventh st.,
room 36.
yOU.NG WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
-I housekeeper for widower with children; coun-
try preferred. 1055 Mission St., room 4.
pE M A WO A WANTS WORK BY THE
VJ day washing, ironing or housecleaaing or
chamberwortc in lodging-house. Call cr address
612 Minna st.
CIAPABLE EXPERIENCED NURSE, SANI-
\J larium, institution or private home; highest
medical and private family references. Address
Nurse, 224 Tenth si.
LADY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. ASSIST-
ant matron, housekeeper, nurse in doctor's of-
fice, any trustworthy position. Address MAR-
GARET, Industrial Union, 7 Va • Ness aye.
rpHOHOUOHLY RELIABLE LADY CNIN-
-1 cumbered, educated, refined, not afraid of work
wishes position as housekeeper to gentlemen. Ad-
dress Hom^l-ss. Call Branch Office. 116 Ninth st.
DRESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS IV
fanmiegor w'll worK at home; terms reasona-
ahle. 1755 Howard st.
SWEDISH GIRL WOULD LIKE PLACE TO
O do general housework; good cook; city or coun-
try. Cook, box 8. Cal) Olfic •. Oakland
DANISH GIRL WISHES SI 11 .liiuX AS UP-
stairs girl. Call at 1003 Harrison, near Sixth.
EXPERIENCED AMERICAN WOMAN DE-
J ■> sires light domestic work of any kind: is trust-
worthy and obliging. Call at "37 Howard, rm 33.
OWKDISH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION AS
37. S3f Office lann< lress. Address G. L., box
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
kj woman: is competent cook: good home more
object than wages. Call 1236 Bush st.
."YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION IN
rtii S 2 1 - a i ll J amily £ r ""I'sework or chambers ork.
Call J), 1 Pine st.. West Oakland.
■EXPERIENCED YOUNG ' WIDOW DESIRES
room°VJ^ Bltuatlou as housekeeper. 105 Stockton,
T ADY WANTS ~A~ POSITION AS PIANO-
t ; 1 e a sri^ n nfsri l 4'y^n h s o to wi * musictan -
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES POSITION
•1 as nursegirl or to do light work and be com
I" " °" !o » n a ? ed COUD)e in a good family. Pi ea ™e
call 341/3 Freelou St., off Fourth.
FITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
XMT ANTED— BY SWEDISH <;nu.. BITUATIOW
11 for housework In private family. Apply at
Fulton House, room 19.
HOUSE I : PE WISHES POSITION; CITY
or country ; is a good dressmaker. Ca lor ad-
dress 137 seventh st., room 1.
VOCXG LADY WISHES POSITION AS COM.
1 panion to lderly lady: salary not so much an
obiect as comfortable home. B. R., box 5, Call.
/ IOMPETENT AND C'IRRKCT STENOGRA-
\J ph(T and rapid typewriter, live years' experi-
ence, wishes position: finest credentials; will ac-
cept remunerative position only. Address G. M.,
box 166, Call.
IDI AGED WIDOW DESIREs A POSl-
t'ion at any kind of work; good references.
Address a. M., box 17, Call offlce.
"\\riNCHESTEK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
II Market;' 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and ectaDle;
(ret- bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS »v A. »T£ii-A»Ui,
C?GTcoo'K 7 s"soc'.~sl-rrLiK> ( OOKS: ALL
. branches: short notice, i 4 ' iear.'. ;tel.Grant4B.
C.NTKR & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb st- below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: if 1. 231.
TSUINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
Cl I NESE AN D J A PA N I-.s E 1 M PLOY M KNT
VJ office; best help. 414^ O'Farrell; lei. E. 426.
E" I.LIABLE AMERICAN OF MIDDLE AGE,
i-V who has done a large variety of work, wishes
employment not exceeding 6 hours daily, with
board and perhaps additional wages proportional
to amount of work; is an inventor and will use the
rest of daylight in s udy and drawing mostly, but
could be called in case of emergency; no liquors or
tobacco: ref renc Address F.. box 29, thisofflce.
V OUNG MAN, SPEAKS AND WRITES ENG-
-1 lish, German, trench and Italian, wants posi-
tion in wholesale house or any other place: city or
country; best of references. Address A. SI UDER,
1309 Stockton st.
OITUATION WANTED— A TRAINED MALE
O none, understanding medical treatment, would
like to earn for an invalid gentleman. Apply J. W.
LADD, box 32, Call Office.
TEADY YOING MAN DESIRES POSITION:
O business experience: legal Knowledge; experi-
enced in newspaper work. L.. box 59, Call.
"yOUNG MAN (AMERICAN) WISHES SITU-
X ation; sober, honest. Christian man: sare of
horses, drive, milk, garden, etc.: references; pri-
vate place preferred. Address P. P., box "-24, Call.
VOUXG MAN DESIRES WORK OF ANY
-I- kind; wholesale house or warehouse preferred ;
would cive $20 as bonus lor permanent employ-
ment: good reference. Please address J. O. P., box
63. Call i mice.
OITUATION WANTED BY A GOOD COOK;
0 German: steady and sober: restaurant or coffee-
house: wag^s moderate. Add. S., box 8, Call.
A 7 " OUNG MAN WANTS WORK IN A RES-
X taurant or hotel: wages no object. Address I
EL, box 19^ Call Office.
pOACHMAN: AGE 25; FIRST-CLASS REFER-
\J ence from present employer. Address \V., box
6, this office.
ARDE WISHES SITUATION: THOR-
oushly understands greenhouse and care of
private place; will do chores. Address R., box 51,
this office..
yOUXti MAN. 2i, WISHES WORK, RUNNING
X engine, fireman, oiler, or anything: wages no
object: references. Address R-, box 31, this office.
SITUATION BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN AS
O gardener; can milk, drive; handy with tools:
references. Address J. L., box 31, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN BY BIRTH SWEDE WOULD
X like to find permanent employment in store or
warehouse; willing aad not afraid of work ; would
Five $20 or $25 as bounty money. Please address j
G. A. A., box 45, Call Office.
OTEADY MAN (TEAMSTER) WISHES A
O job in city; any kind of work, light or heavy.
Address W. R., box "9, this office.
DA.Nr.. YEAKS OLD, THOROUGHLY UN-
\J derstanis horses, cows, ghrden and general
work, wishes situation; reliable in every respect; I
good references. J. N., 416 Broadway, S. F.
VOUXG GERMAN CARPENTER. CABIN ET-
-1 maker, with tools, wants situation; is willing
to do any kind of work. Please call or address 120
Valley st.. bet. 28th and 29th.
EXPERIENCED WINE CELL ARM AN
wishes work; city or country: best of refer-
ence. Address H. J., box 48. this office.
ITU ATION WANTED TO cXrI3 FOR
0 horses or work of any kind In private family;
best of refpr°nce!». A. }{.. box 142. Call Office.
t/AKI-^kw, FIRST-CLASS ON BREAD AND ;
I* cake, wants situation. Address Baker, box
77, Call.
SITUATION WANTED— GOOD GENERAL
blacksmith (married). <rood shoer and jobber;
city or country. Address Blacksmith, 110 Sanchez.
1 1 ST- C ' La SS COOK (GERMAN), SPEAKING
XI good English, wants situation: country pre-
ferred: bakes good bread : references given. Ad-
dress 1301 Santa Clara aye., Alaim-da.
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON A PP.I.
vat e plnce or ranch: woman good cook ; man
understands horses and farming: handy round
place; btai of references. 973 Washington st.,
Oakland.
T' OU N (1 M A DESIRES WORK *>F A.v V
kind; experienced In handling horses: has
worked In box-factory, or will do porter work.
J. D., box 21. Call Office.
I EXPERIENCED MINING ENGINEER DE-
XJ sires a position as manager, foreman'or assnt er
of a quartz mine. Address .1., box 59, Call Office.
pOLORED MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
\J porter, waiter, watchman or any other kind of :
work. Call or address 619 Kills St.. In rpar. j
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
SECOND GIRL, »25s HOUSEWORK GIRL, !
0 Oakland, $'^5; Alameda. $25; and other towns. !
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
YE.iT YOUNG GIRL; LIGHT WORK, $10.
-> miss CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
GERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL; 2 IN F AM-
VX<»y; $20. Miss CULLEN, 105 Stockton sU
MAN AND WIFE; MINING ■ CAMP, «50. j
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
V EAT 'AMERIC \N " PROTESTANT FOR
X> housework, city, $ 5, see party here at 10:30;
2 German housework girls, $2&; Scandinavian
housekeeper, country, $25. tee party here. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Genry st.
EN PER] HEAD WAITRESS, HOTEL,
$25, middle-aged preferred; waitress, city. $20;
cook, small hotel, near city, $20. C. R. HANSEN
A- CO., 110 Geary st.
\TEAT COLORED GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK,
-> $15. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO., 110 Geary st.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST, no COOKING,
1 $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st,
COOK, SMALL COUNTRY HOTEL, S 3O. SEE
party here at 1:30. C. R. HANSEN i CO.,
110 Geary st.
\\r ANTED— WAITRESS AND PAR' AID,
11 $30; Protestant second girl, a short distance,
$20, see lady here ; Protestant nurse for children.
822. and a large number of girls of all nationalities |
for all kiuds of work in city and country; call and
see what we have to offer. J. F. CROSETT & CO ,
312 Sutter s^
pOOK, $35 A MONTH: 4 COOKS, $25 EACH; i
\J Irish house;irl. *:-.0: 4 housegirls. $25; middle-
a«ed woman, housework, $'J6; laundress. institu-
tion, 526: waitress. $25; 2 house«ir)s, country,
$25; second girl, $25; 2 second girls. ,*IU- 2 cirls
same house, city. $20 and Sl6 a month. Number
of girls, all nationalities, can find situations by call-
ing at 315 sinter, MRS. G. NORTON, proprietress.
W ANTED- NEAT WAITRESS: NICE
11 country hotel; $20: no office fee charged. Ad-
ply to W. 1). EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
J AUNDRESS FOR HOTEL, $25; AND GIRLS
X^i for housework. R.T. WARD & CO.. 610 Clay st.
\UANTED-EXPERIENCED GIRL IX BAK-
»i cry and restaurant; one who understands the
business. Address O. GOEBBLE, box 11 Call
Office, Oakland. ' ' "
P IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, ger-
V.T man preferred. 2322 Folsom, bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth. .
VT EAT SWEDISH OR DANISH GIRL. PLAIN
-!-> cooking and houseworK, $12. 1400 Van Ni>««
aye., cor. of Bush.
G'i^Twelf l^ 0 * "«HT HOUSEWORK:
SMALL WILLING GIRL O ASSIST WITH
O baby: good home. 959 a Howard street.
MA.UL GIRL to m i d BABY. 8 METCALF
P place, Off Geary, nr. Mason. o '» UALF
WANTED- YOUNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH
_»»jsirl for general housework. 1620 Geary
W WeK.~ GIRIj F R " Hol ' SKW "HKrm9
L A .? t rc les? s "^ l^
G^^ i si4f M^7 CHBW
W wo^ G Fgn^J K>Q3tSBaAI ' HOlJ^
I gar GIRL 'lo ASSIST; MUST SiLEEP
Jjiome. Apply A. M., 12 Liberty sr *' 1 ' t ' t ' p
G^me.^Ol^a^st. 1101 -'^^ 01^' Q "^
O GOOD LADY CAN VASSh RS OV SaIaRV
A^ncy^jwmjl67^rocj£e^buildi^ £ti£&
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
W A NTE D— SH REW D BU.SIVFSS WOMAN
flrm'VT'^ 11 ™ 11 Permanent^ with laVge
firm. Address Permanent, box 31, Call Office
Xi^^^Sy^uta\? Kwo]^
l^^efluSfr^rSe^S
1 W^B
WANTED- DRESSMAKERS TO LX \H\
»» how to cut regular tailor system ■ only nuj.hu.
SA I.E GOES ON fSEE f H E~5O LA DI ES' T A riT
*ta. N. Y. Suit House^mo Marknt .7 JACK "
rrAIRDRESSING, 25c AM) is o . MOUVfVr
Xland ev'g classes ;lo lessons,sl 50. 1248 illssion!
I A WHENCE PATTERN HOtISK-nHkTt
cutting school. 1231 Market st.^t fn^t
1 .HKSS-CUITING T A UGH I IT a TAtinn
U system. 14 McAllister rooms 67 Jnd 68
HELP WASTED-ContlnnM.
SWEDISH AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
Office, llVs Antonla St., oft* Jones, nr. Ellis.
RESSMAKING. CUTTTNG AND FITTING
at the-McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up: pupils wanted.
\\r A MED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
IT term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Prut.
31 ALE »XLI- V\ A it.U.
' SCANDINAVIAN OB GERmXx
farmer and wife tor small ranch, no objection
to 1 child, $25 and good home: ranch cook. $15;
waiter, nice country hotel. #-«: farmers, milkers,
cooks, dish waihers and others. W. D. EWER A
CO., 626 Clay at.
«r ANTED— young man to OPEN oys-
»» ten and wait on table, #.-;o to $35 ; waiter. $20
and room: German valet and nurse, etc. LEON
ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
"WOOD-CHOPPER AND MAKE PICKETS
V? and shakes: teamster and wife: waiter board-
ing-house, 920. R. T. WARD & CO., 008 and 610
Clay st.
YKAT YOUNG COACHMAN WITH FIRST-
X> class references for private family, $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
TWO WAITERS FOB AN INSTITUTION,
country, $30: pantryman for an institution,
country, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
OOK AND WIFE FOR A NTRY HOTEL,
$50. C. R. HA eN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
\\ A XTED-2 CABINET-MAKERS, $2 50 A
11 day: American miner, $2 50 a day: carpenters
and machine b;acksmith for Central America, $6 a
day. s.lver: tiemakers: choreroy; wa.l and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &CO , 628 Sac-
ramento st.
QJ IX MINERS. FOREMAN MINER. 10 WOOD-
-0 choppers, 10 tiemakers, 2 farmers, lunch coun-
ter cook, 2 cooks, hotels: foreman, single man, for
ranch; 4 coopers and other 3. MURRAY .£
READY, 634 Clay st.
MA AND WIFE FOR MINI CAMP. $50;
woman to cook and man to make himself gen-
erally useful, see party here. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton at.
pOOP K WANTED AT PACIFIC WOO D
\J ware and Cooperage Company, Sixth and Chan-
nel sts.
H" OY, WITH EXPERIENCE IN MEN'S H R-
nishings. Address, with reference, M. F., box
18, Call.
SHOEMAKER WANTED. L. SHHOEDER,
442 Third st.
OOD BARBER-SHOP for SALE. APPLY
1301 Castro St., corner Twenty-fourth.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WE LL COOKED; 8
XJ courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
ry o UNO iMA QUICK. IN i c lligent~an d
-L willing to wor«, wanted in a leading city real
estate office. Address in own handwriting, R. E.,
box M, Call Office.
A GOOD TRUNK-MAKER 18 WANTED; AL-
-'"V. so a rirst-class life insurance solicitor; a good
chance for a competent man: also 3 good can va*-
-8»-rs on salary. Apply at once to United States In-
dustrial Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
O HOEMAKER OR BARBER TO RENT i
0 rooms suitable for si.op. SE. cor. Ellis and
Fillmore sts.
ANCH COOK. GOOD BUTTER-MAKER."
wages $15. Address R. C, box 119, Call < tii-e.
1 (\(\ MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
lul' clean towel to each; bay rum free: hair cut
10c; first-class workmen. 14 1/2 Montgomery aye.
\\ v AXTED-500 MEN TO EAT 3 BIG"HOT
" cakes, with coffee, for sc. 11 Druminst.
IpOR SALE— BARBER-SHOP AND FURNl-
ture of 4 rooms: cheap. Apply at this office.
BEEFSTEAK AND ONIONS. COFFEE, BIS-
CUit, potatoes, etc., sc. 635 Clay.
T EARN A TRADE— LADIES AND GENTLE-
J men students wanted; only 8 weeks required;
tools given; write for catalogue. Ban Francisco
Barber College, 1515 Howard fit.
EN AND BOYS TO CANVASS; ENTIRELY
new article, fast seller: profits immense: city
or country. For particulars call or address 63'J
Market St.. room 10: P. O. box 2299.
BAHBRR-SHOP; BEST LOCATION IN CITY;
sickness cause sale. Apply this oflllce.
A BBERS' ASSOCIATION OF. CAL. EMPLOY
J-> secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238 1 2 O'Farrell st.
'VWY. RAILROAD HOUSE,*S33 COMMERCIAL
I St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night,
26c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-i-^ Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per ween $1 up: open all night.
"DOSE DALE HOUSE, 32i ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
-It furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
YEW GRAND. 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-^ rooms from $1 to $4 week : lar;e reading-room.
rORTHE BEST AND CLEANEST 10. MEAL
X try 13Va Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
Bf.stpLa.-eln CITY for SECOND-HAND
shoes. 726 1 2 , opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Six h st.; misfit shoes boiuht and exebamr
EN TO SELL MANHATIA-\ EG>, ruOD:
111 is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
\ EW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
J-_J 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
\\T HATCHKKR HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
" St.: 21/0 rooms; best in the city: single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
INCHEST HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
1 " Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading,
room: tree bus to and from the ferry.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
WANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
" their wages 10 place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; nocharge unless successful.
KXOX COLLECTION AGENCY 110 sinter, r .4.
"1 (| A ME> TU TaKE l.til. IN., .v . j,,:, ...c
-1 ' i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St.. near Kea ray.
"WANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'• steam beer. sc: bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
V! EN'S VirSOLING sOc: LADIE.V 40c: DONE
liX while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T IN DELL HOUSE, six 1 AND HOWARD —
XJ single ftrmshed rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
IJARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
JJ ment. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
TI7 ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Bolklo, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.- 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to *3 per week.
FREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 5o:
also a bottl »of lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
TORSE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 70* S ANSOME:
X single rooms 15c, 20c a night. 51 a week.
Aft A MEN'S SECOND-HAN DEDSHOES.SOMB
•±\J\J nearly new. >'5c to *) 25. 562 Mission st.
BEST IN CITi'— SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 30 AND
25 cents per night; 81, $1 25, $1 50 p«r we«iC.
Pacific House -Commercial and LeidesdorS st*.
ANTED— SING Li ROOMS. 15c A DAY: 91
1 1 week: rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
TRY ACME House. 957 makket ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night ; *1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIrI
O Ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 mia-
utes. done wt.le you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; a'l repairing at half price: work guar-
amee.l 562 Mission a:., bet. First and second.
■V AGENT < WANTED.
"I IVK AGENTS WANTED. APPLY ROOM IS.
XJ between 1 and 3, Hancock House. 781 Mission.
LADY AGE.NTS TO HANDLE FINE LINE
ladies' articles: can make $25 per week; exclu-
slve rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
CALIFORNIA AI. BK N KFIT SOCIETY
V/ wants tood agents to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal Inducements offered. J.
H. HaNXa Secr«tary. Murphy building.
FURNITURE WANTED
CASH "PRICE "PAID FOP "-'ORNITURE. JA^
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 MHi:on, bet. 4th & sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
second-band furniture and carpets by i.undy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.: call or send pos'ai.
JlOOils WANTED.
FRONT ROOM. WITH BREAKFAST. NOT
over $10. In private family. Address W., box
91. Call i the». *^
I)-3IISCELLAN SOUS.
\\r ANTFIi- skt OF BHOEMAKING TOOLS
11 for repairing; second hand. Cash, box 163.
Call.
I^IRST- CLASSGAS-ENGINE, 5 TO 10-HORSK
X power; st te lowest cost price, how long used
and full particulars; must be cheap. Address \V
box 74, Call Office.
WANTED— YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
11 repairing: best work at half the regular price
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third tloor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AN .1 JtW
"1.-v to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send po«ti>l.
LUST. ~ ■— — - .
T Osi^F7^fEßlifEß^OGT^HrfF~m~rc"ir
and tan head. tllr n 80 Po st jt. ; reward
I OST— MALE ENGLISH PUG~SoiT —
1j ward given at 1922 Howard st. &
AIONKY BY NOT HAVING MY BOPM
iU papered and painted by the Co-operative lWr
hanging ■ ompanv. 635 McAliis;.Tsl P r *
HOKgKS. ~
"POR SALE OR EXCH AM, E^XTmk' SOAnl
1 *S0 s ' K ' l 'S NEW AND SECOVD-HAVIi itin"
100 H - E^ D V P WELL-BKOKEN WORK AND
"TIR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERIVaRV SlTir
Hospital, 1.l i ity Hall aye.; telephone south 401.
100 L X i' S SKlOVI)I »ANI. HARNESS Hi
ai»« .v encap horses. ttfteeu;a aad Yaieuciatt*.KrsiNKss rnAXCfs.
QtTiin PARTNER aIN LIGHT US I N ESS
C «"v». that pays to »ach *2fM) to $350 monthly:
thorough Invest gation allowed. JOHNSON,
Kearny st. i
VINt- CIGAR-SI iTn k'iCARNY, NEAR
Market st. .TOHNstoN, •_• • Va Kearny st.
<I- -. PARTN Xi: in A "PAYING CASH
VXJ'J. business in this city: good for $85
•monthly: can be Increas d. JOHNSTON, 26y 3
Jvearny st.
C- 1/ , GROCERY AND BA R AT A SACRI-
■ l'»l, ace. JOHNSTON. 26^4 Kearny st.
QQHn RARE CHANCK, PRODUCE AND
-T l ' '".". dairy business; old established; good
trade; profits *12. » a mouth; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 26V& Kearny st.
"< ! ~\t \ '"^ I N '-'"' FEE SAIGON, OYBT ER
«IP lil". and house: bi'st location: low rent;
receipts $!5 to S'JO a <iay: finely fitted; bargain.
BARRKTT <t SKIFF, B'jsi ... Market st.
©Kfkrt FIRST-CLASS hToIIC BAKERY
■ 'JO\I\J. with all counter trade of $16 to $20 11
day- No. 1 location'; livinc rooms Dished; iri»l I
given. BAIIKKI T»t SKIFF, MtiSVa Mcrket st.
QI OX OANrSV'sTT>RKrFL r RNiSin2D RMS.;
-!_.».. BARRETT A CO., Mir>i 2 Mkt.
Vl, w 1 COFFEE SALOON \Mi CHOPS;
Cll'v.v .Market and sixth: finely fitted;
bargain. BARRETT it SKIFF, 805% Market st
Q- HA PAYING CORNER GBOCEBY AND
«JPUU\J. bar; livtngfroomg; rent .$25; must sell;
offer wanted. BARRETT. SGjI-jj Market st.
. Qf9fi O LIGHT,BUSINKsa;iSAMK|HAJS'DS
O— "". 3 years: clearing $20 \ve*k; suitable
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY, 9 I
Geary, room 2.
. (Jjjnn pa rt xer WANTED; indoor
'..'"'''.' r;in by present owner 14
years; suited to plain eady man satisfied with
' •75 to 9100 a month; trial given. STANLEY, 9 j
Geary, room 2.
jta .ttention; liquormen. -^ .=
A French liquor-store, corner, in Western Addi-
tion; estahltsnec! years: must he sold in 3 days: i
sickne-ss- tixtiirns. eic. $500; stock at cost. Par-
ticulars 533 California St., Phoenix bar. WILKE.
QfiKAISALOONeINfBTJSINESSiCENTER;
VwO, with lease; fixtures alone cost 81200: !
stock 9300; must s;'ll in 3 days; partners bought a
ranch. Inquire 533 California St., Phoenix bar.
Q O r.(\ G ROCER Y/A ND I BAR IK SOLD ISfr
• •>• >\> . mediately; ft pi location: account de- I
pirture: don't miss tnis. SIENBERG A CO.,
U32 Market st. j
QOAA RESTAURANT, BLOCK FROM CITY i
' . O\J\J. Hall: receipts average S-JO: owner 4
years; leaving the city. stk.NBERG A CO., d 32
Market St., opp. P.-.lace.
QO«^)X PA RTN ER W ANTED^-ONE OF,T.JIE j
Ou- *J- handsomest fitted-up bars on Kast st.; |
compelled to sacrifice; romsininc part n^r responsi-
ble business man. BTERNBERG CO.; 633 Market.
© Qf)f\ IRESTAXJRANTJINORTKI OF MAR-
*u -OV»O. feet; intrst improvements: receiptsav-
erape 950: week's trial allowed; look at this before
buying elsewhere. STERNBERO CO.. tj3-JMarket.
Q OZ.(\% SALOON,-T" KEA RXY~Sf.": NICELY
V — «-"-'• !!:ted up: this place is very inviting
and suitable for 2 persons; expenses light; bargain.
STENBERG CO.; 832 Market St.
Bi : IVE RT^ BEST
location; fiiiest titt<>rt-tip |)!.ic«> In city: has very
. larce coiinteratid ouisliff tra.l-.-: positive guarantee '
.Ironi owner as to amount <f business J: trial until
satisfied: owner lias it places; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBERG ACO . 632 Market st.
AV^HEN^YOI; A R"E~dTs( JUSTED Wl Til OTH-
'• ers and want to bny or sell vcvir business give
us a trial. RKiuY A C(.1., IOV2" Sixth St.
UAliF r INTERESTJI N^AI FIRST-CLASS i SA-
ioon; doiiiir covi lyisiness: splendid location:
s:t•'^lie^3 causfi of salt-. KKIDY & CO.; l^Vj Sixth.
AXE RY^ ■ - —
AND COFFEE SALOON
l.argo ovr 11
Off*-r wanted. DECKER. 1203 Market at.
f PO BIY. SELL oTTkxcHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind st»> SIR AND Jj CO.. 45 Third st.
II \ A
x plumbing and tin shop; citing a good business; :
all necessary information will be given to one who
wishes to investigate; cool Wrance for a ! tall In- !
vestmf-nt. Address Plnmber, box 31, Call OHice.
Q')Xf| FOR SALK— LAUNDRY ROUTF., IX-
%/—''' '• eluding liurse ami wagon; pays §75 per
. worth; trial given. Ad>lress 8., box 10, Call.
13 KSTA I KAST SOLD AT BARGAIN; FAM-
XV fly difflcul ties reason for selling at once. Ad-
dress 8.. Ixix 40, Call Office.
Ii , CANDY,
X stationery, linings, notions; t;ood location; low
reui; liviiie-ioonis: party leaving city. Apply at
2245 -Mission st.
TI <7oOD BUSINESS OF
any kiud go to A»2\.' 2 Geary st., business broker.
Q; 9^ A ■ FOR 1 HALF - in rERESI in v. ELL-
«. — O\J esUiblished lunch - counter, chophouse
and oyster parlors in best possible locality; owner
not able 10 lend place both night and day; a mint
for experienced man; investigate. 925'Washin^-
■ ton st., upstairs.
\Y ANT K~D^PARTNER WfTH $400 CAPITAL
"to join » paying enterprise; profits doubled
monthly. Adan-s.s H., box StJ, Call Office.
OXfJA ". CONTROLLING INTEREST IN
. O— ■ ><J\J . Wfll-fS[abH.ihfd wholesale fruit and I
prorluce commission house; business stenriilj- in-
crf-asin?; remaining- partner is. experienced' and '
competent; Ftr:cte«t investigation; no agents. Ad- :
dress P. O. box 8 180, city.
V-ORSALE-AFIKST-CLA.SS CORNER i;RO- i
1 eery and bar. situated in the best location in I
San Francisco, will be sold cheap ior cash or will
exchange for city or country property. Apply SE.
corner Grove and Octavia sts.. San Francis
Fl for sale
X cheap: on account of sickness; splendid "I por-
tunity; call a l , once. BURG, 921 Broadway.
Oakland.
VTA SACRIFICE; GOING TO LEAVE THE
-TV. country: cider and syrup manufacturing com-
pany.TT Apply 241 Eighth st.
IP OR SaTe AT A BARGAIN; LIQUOR-STORE.
213 Tliird st.; large stock on hand; owner
v.ants to stl! on account of sickness. ■ ,•-• ■
Q^folTc AN'lj FIXTURES 1. OF GROCERY-
*- (tore; mult te sold at once: owner retiring from
business: no reasonable oiter refused. 001 Haves.
p~ROCERY AND BAR, 4 LIVING- ItOOMs. 253
VJT Clara st.
C- RENT LOW.
Vy Apply 795 Mission st.
QOO BR A XCII baker- CANDY, STA-
'-——«'• tiorcry store: 4 ;-rooms; rent •? IS;
no a^ont^. 341U, Kifih »t.
CfiXA: CIGaRSTORE ANT) CLU BROOM,
VuOU. . itablla ■ several years; large stock,
line lixturea and a good, steady trade. C. It., box
84. Call.
Ttir sale-cigar-stand"witii laundry
T ollice; on account of other business ; no agents.
Apply :>43 Fourth.
GRAYING BUTCHER-SHOP; FINE LO.
\J cation; price reasonable. B. s., box 61, Call.
pOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
yJ ment of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address it. D.. box 43. this oUice.
iy ANTED- PARTNER WITH SOME CAP-
»» ltal, lady or cent.in light paying business. Ad-
Cress A. M. ROSS, P. O. box 10:12, >an Jose, Cal.
QOXA CIGAR-STOREI FTN E CORNER;
•_—•"-'• line fixtures at.'l stock: no night or
Sunday work. Near Pos:ofHc« and Appraiser's
tjulldiucr, SW. cor. Washington and Sansome stg.
AIUS . BE SOLD BY' FEBRUARY I—B EX-
>*X press-wagons: stand cor. bonaome and Sutter
J.G. FKEDEItICKS, owner.
Q^OAi kA ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
«JDOV7I/Vf. paper; pays Sl5O per ii:onth. Apoly
this office.
Tj> IRHT-CL A SS~ SALOON* FOR SALE;LOCA-
■X tion : trade: lease. Particulars address C II
box 119, Call Ollice.
PI I "f7)R SALE, TELEGRAPH
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for Increase are very good.
Apply this ofliee, principals only.
C CORNER SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP;
v--' be sold. Inquire 817 Kearny st.
."CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THJS
\J WEEKLY CALL, gent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
«gp free.
MEDICAL. ~
M<;. wood. y. 1 DWI i k. i : -
the womb a «peria iy. -30 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
~\ LL 1 E.MALE IRREGULARITIES RE"
-V stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
time; travelers helped at once; borne in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed; consult iree.
MRS. DR. WEYTII, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
~Y~ne"w process— no medicln e, [NSTBU
-TV ments or worthless pills usod: every woman
her ovvji physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause: restores always in one day ;
it you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician knowledge can be sent iind used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DB,POPPEB.3lB^Kearnyst.
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT HE
Jt\. lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
In .-an Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others ;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially invited; home in conlinement: treatment
warranted: advice free: P ok Pills. *?■. DR. and
MRS. DA VIES, 14 AlcAlllster r:., near Jonae.
D GOODWIN -MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in oae day, guaranteeing a. cure or no j
• nance; s'-parate home for patients: best skill; ]
njealcal attendance; low ices; regulator, $2. ;
1370 Market. ]
T A ÜBS— DAUDETS FEMALE REOULA
XJ ting J'ilis: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
$1 per box. WJDBEB'B drugstore. 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
DB HALL. 14 McALXiISTER ISTBE'ET, NBAB
; Jones. Diseases of women and children.
Ah: !... . 1 ];K FOR ALL FEMALE Dis-
eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. i.'2B Turk st.
A HUME. A FRIEND AND MOTHERS CARE.
- V MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 141tf Eighth St.. Alameda.
\l RS. DR. WKGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
i*' confinement; irregularities cured In a few
tours without oi,t^ ration : pills %'l. 419 Eddy st.
A PBENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
-T*~ ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and Hare; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. ospOQP BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
IF IRREGULAR OU ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see Mrs. Dr. Puetz and be content. "-'OiVj Alii.
"•', LODGING- FOX SALE.
Q9"J n 10-ROOM HOUSE ; GOOD LOC aAiON ;
O— 1 V. nearly new.
18 rooms; best corner in city $1,600
II rooms, on Geary st 850
20 rooms; sunny corner; must sell 700
10-room house; very central. 150
H. C. DECK Kit," 1203 Market St.. cor Taylor.
QfiA AHA TO loan on furniture.
♦jpUV/.UVJU DECK EIM 200 Market st.
ffi«Qnn 34-ROOM HOUSE, NEAR THE
KpOVyj. Baldwin. DECKER, i2od Market.
< 1 ?\f\ 10-ROOM HOUS] : CLEARING $4a
1 tJU. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
A STENBERG & CO. ~~ ■
-* *• • 632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
10 rooms; sunny corner; one floor $400
45 rooms; vicinity of Baldwin; transient 32&0
18 rooms: doors: north of Market 800
80 rooms; owner 6 years: offer wanted 700
INE-ROOMED HOUSE, RENT $30; MUSI
-l-> sell: no agents. £69 Mission st.
HOUSE 32 ROOMS: ALL COMPLETELY I UR-
nished; all rooms occupied: $1500. A., box 183.
HOUBS, 72 ROOMS: MUST SELL; A BAR
gain: owner raving town. 307 Fourth at.
IIKXiIIKK FOX SALK.
O^^NE^t)AK~IJKTiIii)OM BET. MATTKEhSEs
and other furniture. 28 Birch aye.
\y E W i:.i. move FEBRUARY T^^
v Previous to moving to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Boxbury Brussels (laid) 75c
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SHIBEK i; SHIBEK, 1310-12 Stockton St.
H... KRASKYri'URNITURE AND BED-
.. ding; new folding-beds. «9andun: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
; EDUCTIONS ON LARGE<STOOK, NEW AND*
' XI. second-hand; 400 carpet* good as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum. 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $1* 60: cornice poles, 25c:
ranges, *6: ca*h or Installments: goods sliipp*!
free. T. li. NELSON. 12G Fourth St.
FOR BARGAINS IN FUBNITUBB AND r Aß-
ticles Of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission s'. t
CARPET CLEANING.
L' new. CLEANED CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
Soiuh 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
J. 1 ■ I.M I CLEAN IN(i CO., 240
. 14th st. : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ffT sT c a m cali pet cle a ning.reno va-
C. "I STEVENS, Tel. South 250.
tin-. 38 Bth. STEVENB, :.iv r r. Tel. South 280.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN^
Jr BEATING AND BEN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
V Ai lONAL carpet beating AND rexo-
1\ vating Works HAMPTON .fcBAILLY: laying
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 241.
YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
11 poor work send to SPAULDlNG'SPioneerCac-
ret Beating Works, 8. r .»-7 Tehama: tei. Bo*4o.
i lONKLIN*a CARPET BEATING WORKa 3SS
V ) (>olds*n Gate aye.: telephone t-as'. 126.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
IUNE TONE KIBCHER UPBIGHTJ GOOD~AS
'new; $150. WM. G. BADGER, room 1, 26
O'Farreli st.
W*Jl\ GREAT BARGAIN; ROSEWOOD
»irOU. piano for sale on $5 installment. 2'Jl
Leavenwortli st.
HA IN BKOS. PIANO. PATTi'S PREFER-
ence: also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A- CO., 3-.' I Post st.
A ART V V NG't H ECI TV LS OBLIGED
-i\. to sacrifice their elegant Chickenug piano. See
it a; room 10, 809 Market st.
A BEAUTIFUL sTEINWAY PIANO MUST
jHI be sold at once by party obliged to dispose of
it; a very low price will secure i:. Room 21, Flood
building.
A" LL C ASH AT O N C I . WILL SKCU E an
ii upright piano for 65; now is your chance.
Room 10. Flood building.
C~IONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
I \J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33s Post st.
C*~l If\ BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT; GOOD
jTOiIU. condition. JOSEPH BCHMITZ & CO.,
16 McAllister st.
VTEW CPBIGHT PIANO. ORGAN. FO] DING
i-> bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Oilu-e.
PIA.v. - ~ ~~ —~~
x Hazelton, Ilemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson : easy terms. 735 Market st.
»IAA LARGE" EASTERN MAKE. VV r -
i-UU. rigut piano. BRUENN'.s, 838 Post st.
CHICKERING.K N A BK, BTKCK.VI 188, ST EB-
v^' line pianos: see our n°w piano for $187: pianos
jor rent. BENJ. CUBTAZ d SON, 16 o'Farreit.
REAT BARGAINS I NIfEW AND SECOND^
GRF.AI BARGAINS IN NEW AND BECOND-
hand pianos at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.,S.F.
i"1 REAT BARGAIXf IN PIANOS. HOBNUXG'B
VT Piaco House, 216 Post st.
lirjl. G. BA I ; E ii REMOVED TO 26 O~FAR-
'» re 11, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
«nd orguns sold for cash or Installment*.
A!K NKW BENT OONTKACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
»-#-feay*deridett to continue supply big pnrchaaers
that wish 10 take advantage of it; yleawe, call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
C«r'ner Kearny ana Suitor st*.
1 <£• I 7 ~ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
! Oil O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
D} I XI I; BROS., STKIN WAY, FISCHER AND
other tirst-clas3 makes of pianos: little used;
i cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEB <&
CHASE, 28 »nd 30 O 'Fan-ell st.
I," 1 A S Y TERMS :-LOW PRICES. KOHLER *
•J CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOUMER,
Newby ■'-■ Evans, Briggs and other ptanos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD* NEW
: O H. MULLER, maker, repairer, •_' Lataam nlace.
TEINWAY, $215; WEBER, S!'-t<s: SOMER,
O 5237; Wily, 1126; squares, $35 and ?55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A KRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos for tho holidays:
prices and terms moderate. 11. LUEDERS, hi
Ninth St.
PKN FOR BUSINESS.
OPF.N FOB LTSINKHS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sail
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market «-.. Spreckels buildin?.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
- V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
.FOli «ALK-3IISCELLA>EODS.
GOING awXy^beiTTlounue"lookj n. ;-
glass, etc., almost new, to be sold cheap. 321
Capp St., rear, between Mission and Howard.
TVTEW '96 HIGH-GRADE, 21 POUND, $105
j 1\ bicycle, $40. J. 8., box 58, Call Office.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory i'rid save middle-
; man's prolit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
| NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call and get our prices; co*ts nothing.
. Sunset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell St., near
: Stockton.
fOC IMPROVE?) HIGH - ARM SINGER
'—''. sewing-machine; 7 drawers, attachments;
equal new; cause, departure. 801 Union st.
"DABOUTFI rS,MIBBOBB.CASB REGISTERS,
X 3 scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
VTICKEL- PLATED CUSHION TIRE KAM-
■!> bier; only $10. 326 McAllister st.
C\ OLDEN GATE GAS~ENGINE. APPLY TO
GOLDEN GATE GAS gun store, 820 Kearny
Browning Kreroer, gun stor", 820 Kearny st.
I^l RE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
press, platform scales and desk;cheap. 102 Clay
MONARCH card SLOT MACHINES jtob
sale or given away. KAHN & CO., 220 Cal. St.
ELLOWB. ANVIL, VISE. TONGS," SMALL
X_> steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard at.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LA ROE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market St.
Vevv RANGES CHEAPER than SECOND-
| ±S hand. W. y. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California si.
/lOUN T X R 8, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
! \J bought and told 112iy,MarH«t beu 7ih»ndBta
SHERIFF'S SALES.
OHEBXPF'S HALE-BY VIRTUE OF~~AN
*' order issued out of the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Francisco, to me directed
in the matter of HOWARD BLACK, an insolvent
debtor, I have seized and shall expose for sale at
public auction at 11 o'clock a. m., on FRIDAY,
the 17th day of January, A. D.- 1896, at 3 Mont-
: gomery street, all the right, title and Interest, of
; said insolvent, in and to the following-described
, property, to-wit: That certain furnishing goods
j business situated at 3 Montgomery street, in the
1 City and County of Sun Francisco, owned and
! formerly conducted by said Howard Black, to-
gether with the fixtures, merchandise, stock in
trade and sundries contained in said store and
everything thereto belonging, all of which said
property is now in the custody of the Sheriff.
Terms: Cash in United Slates gold coin.
Dated San Francisco, the 11th day of January,
A. D. 1896. RICHARD I. WHELAN.
Sheriff of the City and County of (San Francisco.
HERIFF'SSALK— BY VIRTUE OF AN OR-
der Issued out of the Superior Court, Depart-
ment No. 10, In and for the City and County of
san Francisco, state of California. In the matter of
PHILIP N. rUNG, in his individual capacity
and as a partner transacting business under the
: firm name and style of P. N. YUNG A. CO., and
also a member 01 partnership 'entitled YUNG
HENSLEY. I have levied upon all the right, title
and interest of said insolvent, in and to the follow-
ing described property, to-wit: Wines, liquors,
cash . register. . safe, niokel-in-the-slot machine,
glassware, decanters, empty botilet, fixtures, etc.,
< ■■ .
Notice is hereby given that on SATURDAY, the
18th day Of January, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. M., at
warehouse corner of Ash avenue and Lurkln
streets, In the City and County of San Francisco, I
will sell the said above-mentioned property to the
highest bidder for cash.
RICHARD I. Wlf ELAN, Sheriff.
Baa Francisco, January 14. I.S9H.
UUJI I>lN<; AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS
\J sociatlon— Home office, 222 : Sansome fit., H. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pros.;
Ullyt^iiid ridge V.Pr. ; W Corbln.6ec.AGen.Maa
TO BXCHAHGB.
ouse"wanted~in ; or~2
park lots ; difference In cash. Aplly T. 8., box
48, Call Office.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
HOUSKS TO LET.
01OPKRRY8T, HOUSE of 4 rooms and
' _1 _. basement; rent $12 SO: water free. Apply
G. H. UMBSEN &CO., 14 Montgomery ut.
HOUSE 7 ROOMS-BATH: LARGE YARD.
1515 Jackson si., between Larkin and Polk.
HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH TO LET.
151 Minna st.
/■HK a P>.>T HOU.-E IN CITY; 8 ROOMS;
V bath; modern; $20. 534 Vg Valencia, near
Sixteenth.
Q.QA REDUCED FROM 540: NICE MODERN
•4)OU. liome of 8 rooms. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.: rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
A YE.D— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN <fe HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery si.
rUKXISHKD BOVSSB.
HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY
furnished: near City Hall; no agents. N. A.,
box 80, Call Office. .
ASDSOME, SUNNY, NICELY FURNISHED
house: very reasonable to small family. Ad-
dress ■!., box 3, Call Office.
XT LEG A NTLY FURNISHED: CAN LI V
JJ rent free. 14:n Market St.: modern: gunny.
FLATS TO LIST.
"X^rTrV Mm; FL\f; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
t yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
4 BOOM UPPER FLAT: B STEW; MODERN;
fronting park. 16*22 Fell at., near Lott.
IT*OB SALE-LOVELY FURNISHED HOME; 6-
-1 roomed flat for young couple. 574 a Turk st.
'• > i ii FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWER
— xi-z Hal ; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
Q|9 3 ROOMS; BATH. 109 THIRTEETH
<^ 1 >.. St., near Valencia.
Q.;|jii\i.v FOR 7 KINK BOOMS; BATH;
0— " all modern improvements: basement and
! yard; 721 Fourteenth st.. near Market-at. cable-
cars. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery.
£; I 7 LOWER FLAT, 5 BOOMS AND BATH.
«Jpl I . 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and Larkin.
71 A *• A TOM A— FLAT, 4 SUNNY BOOMS;
i • lx basement; large sunny yard; nr. Eighth st,
I 94Tl™J sir. I . i ; — MODERN BAY-WINDOW
; -Oil Hat: sun all day; yard frontanrt rear: f 16.
j ©TO 31 67~ GEARY, NEAR "COOK— NEW
LO, low flat, 6 rooms and bath; two weeks'
I rent free to good tenant. BHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO., •_•_(> Montgomery st.
' <2«TQ 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVES.
i «plO. water, dumb waiter: all modern; at 95(j
I Union St., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage In Oakland. To let,
I by KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
dfcOC FLAT: 1209 BUSH; 5 ROOMS, BATH;
C— '*• bay-windows. Apply 1211b.
SUNNY Ul'Pl.Tl FLAT: 6 BOOMS, BATH AND
basement, 396 Waller st-, cor. Flllmore.
STNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS; GAI DEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath : $13 and »16. 1706 Pus st.
JpLAT— UPPER FLAT OF 4 BUNNY BOOMS
'and bath: 1262 Eighteenth St.: rent $13: new
building. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
I TPPER FLAT ; 27 SHOT EL] , ST.: 6 ROOMS
*-•■ handsomely papered; bath; basement; <iuiet
borne for old people] $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
}~SLEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
J low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
VJA VXD— DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, gent to any address in the
United State* or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
asa free.
HOUSKKKJSPXNG KOOAIs.
i:«l«ly Street.
! f»1 7 EDDY— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
j Oil double parlors, with kitchen.
Fifth street.
,{9QI FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
]_'. 2 kitchen furnished houspkping; first floor.
Tool FIFTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
4— O kitchen furnished complete for house-
keeping.
First Avenue.
; JQI FIRST AYE., RICHMOND — LARGE
i tl_.l. room for light housekeeping. ■■ :.- m
tieary Street.
mrr GEA fIY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries: $21.
Harriet Street.
9HARKIET-3 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
for housekeeping; reasonable.
llayen Street.
j 1 A~l Ql HAVES — 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
1 -L"ixt7a housekeeping; use kitchen and bath.
Hovrartl Street.
1110 HOWARD - NICE HOUSEKEEPING
I JLxJLO room; no wry papered; reasonable.
i^Oa HOWARD, NEAR ' SEVENTH —2
•-O large rooms furnished for housekeeping;
Victor range, closets, bath, etc.; in American
[ family ; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people.
j; 1 1 Af) HOWARD— 2 FRONT SUNNY BAY-
i ill* i window, furnished housekpg rooms; $15.
Jessie Street.
i JQQ JESSIE NEA R MINT A YE.-2 NICE
• "T<DO sunny housekeeping rooms; also single;
I cheap.
Leavenvrortli street.
Q-| A LEAVENWORTH-SUNNY BASEMENT
;OX suitable for office or housekeeping.
Lark in Street.
! AHQ LARJCIN— FURNISHED BOOMS; LIGHT
*:1— .•' housekeeping; single and suite.
Mission Street. ;■'•■'
I no Q MI S S I O N— N WL V FURNISHED
| 000 housekeeping rooms; 1,2 or 3 at 6, Bor
512 per mouth.
: MISSION — A CONNECTING ROOMS
l-*il completely furnished; gas' private;
reasonable. .;.....
Minna Street.
3 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS: CHEAP. AP-
ply 316 Minna st.
O'l<'s»rrell Street.
! JO' O'FARRELL— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
rt&O front rooms for light housekeeping.
COfil O'V A BELL — 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
O£d\J% nlsbed rooms for light housekeeping.
Third Street.
1 KOI THIRD-NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
xOO-z rooms for housekeeping: also single.
'lurk Street.
"I C)G TURK— UPPER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS
J .-.U for housekeeping.
Tallejo street.
"1 0091 VALLEJO, NEAR HYDE - FUR-
liiO-3 nished rooms for housekeeping.
Van \.-*« Avenue.
/>1 cy VAN NESS— NICE FRONT SUNNY
Ulii room; also housekeeping.
I 1 A(\i\ VAN NESS— ELEGANT FUKNISIIED
XttUU sunny front rooms for housekeeping.
Washington Street.
1 QQA WASHINGTON, NEAR JONEB-MA-
LOO\J rinevinv; 3 newly furnished houn>keep-
Ing rooms, detache<l: gas range, etc.: desirable.
BOOHS TO JL.KX. ~
California Street.
OPIQ"! CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
~iOOx nished rooms and bath; cheap.
Capp Street.
nz C CA PP, NEAR" TWENTY - SECOND -
\jKJtJ Nicely furnished front room, with use of
bath, In small family; $8.
Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Kill* Street.
C"! Q ELLIS— SUNNY ALCOVE ROOM; HOT
illO running water; and single rooms; bath.
791 ELLIS— Large front room for 2-
I AX bath; gas; rent reasonable. '
Foliom Street.
COA FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— SUNNY
CA\J furnished rooms, SI per week.
1 (XOfi 1 "FO LBOM — LARGE NEWLY- FUR-
Ivi)U2 nishr-d back parlor; private family; fB.
Geary street.
f*f\O GEARY, NEAR JONES-LARGE FRONT
\J\JO room for gentleman; $10.
Ql 71 GEARY — THREE NEATLY FUR-
Oi I a nished rooms; terms reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
OOA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
t)OU bay-window rm; reasonable; private family.
Grove Street.
1(* GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
iU with use of kitchen; $10.
Howard Street.
191 71 HOWARD— LARGE ROOM; SUIT-
X<£ J. I a able 1 or 2 men; gas; bath {.private. -
Jackson Street.
1 f\l 8 JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
X.U1.0 nished sunny front single room; $5.
Jones Street.
907 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
«-"'■/ 1 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; batn, etc.; $10 to BSO.
BOOMS TO LET-Continued.
Kenrny Street.
* RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY-PLKAS-
XV ant sunny rooms, en suite and single- first cla.u
In every respect; terms reasonable.
Lark in Street.
"I 9fifi PARKIN, OPP. LURLINE BAThS-
I*-vv Sunny furnished rooms; $5 a month.
Leavenworth .Street.
Q-I A LEAVEN WORTH, XII. SUTTRK— BUN
OXU ny alcove suites; very desirable for gentle-
men: $20.
Q-l "1 LEAVENWORTH ST.-2 NICELY FUR-
OJ 1 nished front rooms: rent reasonable.
arket street.
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
I I i suites and single: housekpg; also offices.
■\rOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET~
1 Sixth and Seventh— Single and suite's; per
sight. 35c to $1 : week, $1 60 to $5; families
>F\AQ MARKET — NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
X<J\JCj nished rooms, suitable for oilices.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NEAR MA-
son— Furnished sunny room; $5; private.
Magoii Street.
A] 7 MASON— (CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY
■trX I front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
3iiBMion Street.
i qqn MISSION— large sunny fur-
lOOU ninb-d front rooms; private.
RAND SOUTHERN — SK. COR. 7TH AND
VT Mission, reopened ; thoroughly renovated -.sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished or en suite";
stationary wasiistands and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
Powell Street.
QOI POWELL ST.— UNFURNISHED BASE-
cD—.I. ment room; rent $5.
Sixth Street.
1 AQ SIXTH-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
X \JO ny rooms, en suite or single: $1 25 up.
Stockton Street.
4-1 rj STOCKTON— LARGE FURNISHED SUN-
t:J- I ny front room, $8; single, s6; 2 unfurnished.
IQ"| A STOCKTON- FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
J-Oi.tt doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
. Taylor Street.
rOOTAYLOR-NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
0~.-j uy rooms; thoroughly respectable.
Third Street.
TXriNCHEBTER HOUBE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
* • Market; most convenient and respectable- 200
rooms 25c to $1 60 per uight ; #1 50 to $6 per week-
electric lights in every room ; reading r"m : tree bus.'
Colt! n souse, 220 third— single AND
\J en unite, light housekplng, $5 up; brick bid, yd.
Turk Street.
OnOl TURK-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; ELE-
£\'±.'i gantly furnished: single and en suite; rea-
sonable. •:.-'■,'- • - J
Q1 Q TURK— SUNNY FRONT BOOM, FUR-
O LtJ nished or unfurnished.
X,!'-) TURK-SCNNY SINGLE ROOM WITH
«JiO bath; private: ?5.
lwenty-Second Street.
C;IK 5 UNFURNISHED BOOMS, GAS AND
X O . bath ; water free. 528 Twenty-second st.,
cor. < a;'|i. ■
BOABI>ING AM) BOOKS.
QQcTgEABY NICELY Kl"l;xi.-;ji:i'srN\\-
-000 BUites; table board; suitable for families.
I MASON— BOOM AND board; ger-
-1 C— 1 man lady; $20 and .$22 month.
TFYOU WANT a PLEASANT~IIO:.IE CALL
X at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush St.; the Winder-
mere; references required.
ROOM AND BOARD IN GERMAN FAMILY.
i 114 Webster St., near Haight.
OOftEDD^ HOTEL NOBMANDIE; sunny
♦->—*' sing.c rooms; table board ;teims reasonable.
HOTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH A FAMILY
hotel: refprences given and required; allmod-
eru eulences.
H)ll.!li:K\ BOARDCit.
■X^U^VNT^DnRE^rN^DTJo^I^I^TA^U^
X lean family for child; term* moderate. 402
San Jose aye.
UrANTED- TO BOARD; GIRL PRE-
»' (erred; not under 4. Address A.. Call Branch
Office, 116 Ninth st.
GOOD HOME FOB AN INFANT; TERMS
moderate. 1014 Jackson at., bet. Powell and
Mason.
Storks TO let.
'©Ton STljß^r^O^V^oT^rUF^TED^BT^lT'-
<S> L+.\.i. Ml <t Baker, 322 Battery St.; two
stories with fine concrete basement; very dry.
ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA AND LABKIN— FINE
stores in that, tine building on the southeast
corner, suitable for barber-shop, confectionery or
bicycle-store; an offer desired, a. J. RICH «t*CO.,
real^estate agents, 112 Montgomery st.
O TORE TO LET; 20x20. 140' MINNA ST.
WO LET — SPACE FOR LOCKSMITH AND
X electrician in hardware store. Corner Polk and
Saciamento sin.
OFFICES TO LKT.
T?BEE J BENT^(i^ MONTH) "^GIVBN^GOOD
1 tenants; cottages, flats, J5 up. SPECK it CO.
602 Market st
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
-* bulldins, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
I coarse for fas, janitor Be rvlees or heating. Apply
at building or U. H.UMttSKN A CO.. 14 Montg. at.
IDItA 1 1 .
T: ' : • i • i -. •■. »BTH AND COLLEGE^
individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayrea' Stenographic Institute, 825 Montgomery st.
Ij'MELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
J limited number of pupils: thorough dramatic
: train as rending:, operatic and drawing-room sing-
j ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
Mrs] MKLVILLK-SNYDKR HAS REMOVED
to 520 Butter st.: teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution ;■ ladies ana
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean aud
other plays; appearances arranged.
C PANISH AN D 1■ R BNCU AC AD E MY; GAB-
-0 tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month: also painting academy, flowers specialty
8 lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market st.. room K7.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, <;■■. Sttehl's College, 723 Market.
■\TOCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM
V proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his. pupils. 82 Ninth st.
T?.RENCH,SPANISH,Etc PKOF.'DkFILIPPE'S
X I Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
"Vf ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 229? SACRAMENTO
-LH St.— Board. Engllsti, French, piano, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. kindergarten coach.
[ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS. ENG-
I-i lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
724 O'liur. 11 st. : j --'.. ■■•,V-;v.'
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY-
Class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7tb and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. m ] ■;-"
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 723Mkt.
OTUDENTB PREPARED FOR "theTuNIV Kit-
O sity, law and medical colleges; day and evenin<*
classes. 333-335 Phelan buildiM^'. ■ "
B OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE
__ Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal.
\7"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
> taught. Prof. L. MERK I, Li'JS Geary reasonable
UP A N IS H, FRENCH, GERM AN -MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modem
languages rapidly taught. Write tor catalogue.
■\TIGHTSCHO(JL;IiEALD'SBt;s. COLLEGE ; 24
-i.' Post: commercial, shorthand, English: lowratei
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO- HEX
_^sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1046 V 2 Valencia.
piiEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sis.
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
Market: send for cat.: day and evening session.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T7iß
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
dentists.
DrT"gT?orgis the genuine
Leek dentist,, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X. bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
PH. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DX. L. T. EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plntes a specialty. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
yj kef, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings frm $1: extracting 50c. -with gas *1.
(&7A SET FOR TEETH: WABBANTED AS
t]D I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DH. LITDLUM HlLiir~T44B MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh : no charge for extracting when
plates areonade: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 808 MAR-
\J ket SU DR. CHARLEJ3 W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
I " ■_■ PERSONALS. ' _^^J^'
ONE MORE^Ff^
! v' Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
i Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed 5et5...... $17 60 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
stoves and Ranges : $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission st., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; bo sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 11,'_3 Mission St.. above sixth.
PRIVATE PARTIES HAVING MONEY IN-
vested at small interest can do better by con-
sulting W. C, box air Call office.
ADVICE FREIS; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits. Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 85U Market, cor. Stockton.
\fBS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
■*■"- Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tight*
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout fignes.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
A! ISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
iVL linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
n BEAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
VT at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NJS. cor. Pine; full length or bust lirst-class
cabinets $1 60 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
AGNES— WHY DIDN'T YOU GO LAST
night* Got my hair dressed at C. LEDER-
ER'S parlors (successor to lime. Spitz), 111 Stock-
ton st.: received best attention: was sururised at
price; only 25c; to-night sure. BESS.
DRESSMAKING BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
located ; for sale cheap. D.M.. box 53. Call Office.
PICTURE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c;
11x14 and -\ 2 16 ' 20c; 16x20, 30c; £0x24, 45c.
JONES, 6*7 Mission st.
GYPTIAN HENNA, $1; HAIRDYE, PER-
XJ fectly harmless. Lancley-Mlchaels Co.- all
chemists; Hubbard'» 923. Ilauptirs. 1156 Market.
T/OR FINE POULTiIY AND GAMB GO TO A.
J BTBASSEB, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PA I. T ING PON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st. .
C; 1 A ROOM: CARPiTS CLEANED ON THE
<tpX floor. 206 Leavenworth m.
ELECTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-WIN-
XJ Chester House, 44 Third si., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
OHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 827-829
Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Gran; aye.,
where the best of coal can be had at lowest prices.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
-I-J elry, etc. ; lowest rates. 948 Market st.
1 fit \fi BUSINESS. CARDS, $1 50; TELE-
J-vW phone "Black 141." ILL. 724% Market.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, plpe>
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sannome St.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third St.
DKESS3IAKEUS.
RKPSES^UT AND FITTED, "^rDRESSES^
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
CLAIBVOIAKTb.
Ma i) a m pobteb7c"ard-be adeb / "tells
the past, present and future; ladles 800, gents
$1; palmlßtry. clairvoyant; sittings $1 50. 126
Turk st., near Jones.
THIS IS NO CATCHPENNY HUMBUG: PROF.
ZAUZIC, occult scientist-palmist ; past, present,
future in general: satisfaction positively guaran-
teed; 50c. 305 Eddy St., hours 3to 9.
V! ME. i)K. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
-1»X er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sore
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
rossible; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr. Larkiu.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms. love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc. : has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 23J6 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
PROF. LEON, RENOWNED PALMIST. CL A lR-
voyant; has no equal: gives valuable advice:
convinces If others fail. 533 Post, 8 to 9: alsoSund.
A I ME. RAVEN A SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
iX on races ; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
M.m:\ STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
i-'l great clairvojant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned :o
her old rooms in »an Francisco; ladles and gents
60c. 917 Market St.. parlors 3 and 4.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
the cradle to me grave. Parlor 5. 865i/<| Market.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up.. 764 Howard st.
' AJ US." RYNERSON. WORLD-FAMED l7o-
| 1»1 cuter of mines and minerals. Room 20, 148
S^th St.
PU: SENT. AST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
LEfJGKTTE, 311 Tehatna St., near Fourth.
SPIRITUALISM.
pBOFESBOR van de veke. -—-—-—■
That famous exponent of occultism is now In the
city; advice given on business investments; specu-
lation, love, courtship, mnrriage and divorce, in
fact, upon all matters affecting your future happi-
ness: letters with stamp answered; office hours 9
a. m. to BP. li. Parlors, 305 Jones, between Eddy
and Ellis.
GYPSY MEDIUM; CHARMS GIVEN FREE;
readings 50c, gents $1. 1003 Mission St., r. 1.
\fISS MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
-i»I- picture of future husband or wife. 7C6i/ 2 How-
ard st.
\DDIE SWA IX. PSYCHIC SKNSITI YE.WILL
XV. read for ladles only; 1 to 8 p. M. 227 O?a-y s'.
ME. PULLKN: CIRCLK TO-NIUHT, 8 !., .-« ;
10c; sitting daily. iMb^/i Market St., room 10.
DR. WOO D; CELEBR DIN D E PENDENT
slate writer aud trance medium. 697 Ellis st.
MliS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant
i>l tr tnce n.edi'im : sittings $1. 2 IS Stockton st,
JIOAKY TO LOAA,
_ ■
"VfOTICE OF $10,000 TO LOAN.— NOTICE IS
i.l hereby given that the sum of ten thousand
dollars, belonging to the Robinson bequest fund, is
ready to be loaned tor a term of years, to be se-
cured by a first mortgage on real estate in San
Francisco, California. All bids, with full partic-
ulars as to terms, should be delivered at the
Mayor's oilice. new City Hall. The right to reject
any bid is reserved. "ADOLPH SUTRO, Chairman
of the Robinson Bequest Commission. Dated Jan-
uary 7. 1896.
ORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WlTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewel seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Gram avenue
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 Montgy^s:.
ONE LOANED. 6% PSR CENT ON MOKT^
gages. a. F. JOHNS & CO., 632 Market st.
WHY PAY «5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
mission to the broker when you can get the
i same direct from the loauer without it and with-
I out charge for making out papers on your plunos
1 and furniture of private families, which furniture
1 is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal; any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Ellis St.. room 22.
T OANS ON REAL STATE: ALSO SECOND
XJ mortgages, furnitur* or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or 'Alanieda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
J 1 city or country; furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY.ETC
Columbia Lean <t Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 3D or SD MORTGAGES;
J\. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. MoCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
1 ST AND 2D MORTGAGES; CITY OR COUN
X try; administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, piano-*, etc, MURPHY, 628 Mkt.
ORTG A I ; PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
runts. SALOMON .Si CO., 328Montgmry.r.214.
"VI ON E V LOANED*~"ON JEWELRY AND
iVI other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
.110UMarketst.,nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
N FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
PAWXBROK KKS.
At 1 26 KEJV RN Y^ s"r.TIiOOM^9^M6N EY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
is: c yolks.
: rSTND^R~BICYCLES i~ STBICTLY HIGH
'*» grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT A CO., 324 Post st., H. F.
PA CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LETT
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Al lister and Powell st. or hues. .
~~ ATTORNEYS-
A"^^vrc3o|QSfnSivo?Sr^QiiMP|^(ATS
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc,
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 860 Market.cor.Stocktoa
m J. MURRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice frte. '24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORN EY-AT-L A W. 420'
• California it-, mis. 14-16: advice tree.
FINAJSOJAt,. ~
OANS~oT?™isf"ANrr2D MOBTGAGE>rAND
XJ life insurance policies; low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery a..
NY SUM OF f MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate; lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; open
: evenings. J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission st.
BSWIWG MACHINES.
A XL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
A rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A T .
AUCTION.
PROBATK SALE.
Subject to the approval of the Superior
Court, the property known as
NOS. 617 TO tali- STEVENSON ST.,
will be sold at public auction, In our
office, at 12 o'clock, noon, on the 23d of
January, J896.
LOT 15 6x75.
Good improvements; all rented, and
bringing In an. Income of $292 per
mouth. Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN &
HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
SELLING FAST.
O — — Those choice lots on ' ■ .:
Clement st., Point Lobos and
25th ayes.; extra large lots:
Prices $:*75 and upward;
$50 cash; $10 monthly;
A tine opportunity
To make mon^-y.
Sutro electric cars on Clement st. ■-•'.-. \-f
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
. 10 Montgomery st.
GlQflfin HOUSE; 9 ROOMS: CO~RNER, i 1 \
i3)OV\J\J. 88. Western Addition; easy terms.
Address Reverses, box 49, Call.
rpo BUY, SELL OB EXCHANGE RHAL ES-
X tate and business of every description. A. J.
PROPER & CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt. downstairs.
\\r ANTED— FOB CASH, LOW-PRICED HOME-
Tf stead or par* lot. Address proposition to !>.,
box 39, Call Oilice.
WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS).
<£>*- $100— Lot lUO.xlOO; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot '26x100: 91 weekly: sewered.
{325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40rl0U; $1 weekly.
8150— Lot 2-4x100: $1 weekly.
CUAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
V 1 W HOUSE: 6 ROOMS AND ATTIC AND
i.' bath; modern improvements; Jersey st.; nr.
Douglass, Apply WM. PLANT, cor. 24th and
Douglass.
ijOnn IF SOLD TO-DAY: THIS LOT 18
— yJyJ worth double; 2 blocks south- of the
park; cash or installments; title Insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell St., room 3.
TTUSE.S iiUILTfjUSO TO S2VS A ROOM. CALL
and examine plan*. 1149 Mission st.
T A REVIEW LOTS: EAR NEW RACE-
J-J track; low prices; easy terms. THE McCAR-
THY CO.. .Market st.
COIiNTKT KKAL KSTATi,.
ALL IN FRUIT AND TABLJB BUT
10 acres; only i mile from town; 37% acres:
fine improvements; pears, peaches, prunes, figs;
will tacomc at least $1500 clear; a large list of per-
sonal property reduced from $14,000 to sfsoOO to
make quick sale; Al creek bottom corn land: half
cash. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City; Inquire at 632
Market St., S. F.
RANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. 7
OAKDALK, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young oran«e groves in tracts of 5 acres
end Upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontheltne between
SfocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property baa a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the properly
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th« property Is under the immediate
] direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
j who has received diplomas and medals at eight
I diiYerenl county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for tno orange groves lor non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water riijht
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land with full}- paid up water rights. $70
! per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
iect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps aßd catalogue^ ad-
dress
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
638 Market street.
San Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWINO, our represent
oak dale, CaL
POB SALE OR TRADE— 160-ACBE GRaln
J ranch : all fenced : comfortable buildings: near
Tiptou.Tulare County; price 556000. PHILBRICK
«v CO.. 2548 Folaom, near Twenty-second.
■\IAKLX COUNTY— 6OOO ACRES 26 MILES
1»J- from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular. %
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INYK^IMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
4 TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. D. H. TWINS. Sonoma City, Cat.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
-C - WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATK.
lARGE LIST OF CHOICE CITY AND COXW-
-I try property for sale and exchange. See E. E.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oaklaud.
<Sy\ (\l\f\ COTTAGE^ 4 ROOMS; PRETTY
<iD±.\JW. finish; fenced: near the Altenheim;
electric-cars; on installments; a bargain. H. B.
PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ETIUING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acr« ranch, near
Bay aids or S«tn Leandro. For full particu-
lars address box 4. Call Office, Oakland.
IlOa SALE— A NICE OAKLAND COTTAGE
home; northpast corner: convenient to local
station, school, etc.: cost more than $5000; will
be sold for less than $4000. on very easy payments.
Apply to T. K. ANDERSON, 463 Ninth st., Oak-
land.
©OA MONTHLY FOR 6-ROOM COTTAGE3-
<P*jV7 plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gats stat n.
CflXn LOTS NEAR" THE ALTENHEIM IN
Clwv, Frultvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good improvement*.
11. B. PINXEY, owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AI-AM>.,I>A REAL KSTATK.
SEVEN-ROOMED COTTAGE FOR BALE-
O All modern improvements. 1901 Buena Vista
aye.. corner Lafayette, Alameda.
Xi Ki.i.KNT MODERN HOMES AT GREAT-
J-J lv reduced prices.
$2000— 4-room dwelling: original cost $2250.
50— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3000.
$3250— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3500.
$3000— 6-roorn 'dwelling; original cost $3500.
$82.-o— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3600.
$5100— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3750.
$7500— 8-room dwelling: original cost $9000.
All new and modern on large lots and "n good
locations; very small cash payments and easy in-
stallments. No reasonable terms refused. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Ala-
meda.
©Of) FURNISHED HOUSE, 5 ROOMS AND
«Jp»Jv/. bath; also 4 rooms partly furnished in
basement; 9 rooms in all; '2 blocks from narrow-
gauge station. Alameda, Cal. Address WM. P.
TODD. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
©I 0(\ DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
<iP-l-"v modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda.
BI.KtKi.KY KJfc-Ai. ESTATE.
<B» r;nn ostuy for THIS FURNITURE",
i®O\J\J good-will thrown in; large boarding-
house, with good business: only half a block from
university grounds; given up on account of sick-
ness. JOo. J. MASON, Jjwlght way station,
Berkeley.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
IIKAL ICSTATK.
CANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara St., San Jose, Cal.
PitOFKKTV WANTED. ~~
\y-A?<TED^A"LOT CH eXpT^oTT^ A Sh7~L<>
'" cation near Randall, Palmer or Chenery sts.
Apply or. address Plumbitig-.uhpp, 4 Golden "Gate
avenue.
—————— r— -—- -
SIOBAGJS
OVEItI^\~NIT^'REIUHT~"TI^AT?SFI£R^~c7^
Fifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances made. Tel, south 388.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS. IIOUSE-
hoId goods, etc J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
"WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 ~ MARK
*> Storage; low rates: telephone South 762.
PHrsiCIANS^
rTa^d^ucis",pity"bicn^ir^"o>\royal
University Turln.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
KKMtiVi.n-Dll. C. O. O'DONNELL TO 1206
J-v Market at.; diseases of women a specialty.
31A14K1 A«;K LICKNSKS
The followlnsmarrloce license were Issued by
the County Cleric's oflice yesterday:
Martin Bergin and Margin-rite Mulhall, 32—30.
Pellearrino del Chlaro and M. L''manllno. 3B— 2l.
Anton Nelsen and Addle V. Abel, 30—23.
Cecil Raymond and Marie L. Behler, 39—24.
F. Lintis.-lland Wilhi-ln;ino Scberbininko. 36—35.
Emll C. Hahn and .lose;. Duffy, 26-19.
divokcjs ri:ocKKi»i:vt;s.
Complaint filed: ~~~
Mary Bradbury against P. H. Bradbury.
Divorces Rranteo :
Annie M. Vo^t from Franz Vogt, for desertion;
by Judge Hunt.
Laura Ciade from Paul C. Gade, for failure to
provide; by Judge Murphy. Custody of minor
child awarded to plaintiff..
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
111)!,' .
BLIM— In this city. January 15. 1890. to the
wife of Peter J. BUm, a daughter.
BITTER— 16,1896, to the wife of John
T. Ritter, a son.
ROBERSON— In Alameda, January 15, 1596, to
the wife of John Boberson, a daughter.
SAI./.M AVN-In this city, January 15, 1895, to
the wife of Peter Salzmann. a son.
MARRIED.
BIRNBAUM— SILVERSTON— In this city, Janu-
ary. 12, 1896. by the 'Rev. M. S. Levy, Louis
Blrnbanm and Bertha SUverston, both of San
Francisco.
BROOKS— SHAW— 4, 1806. by the Rev.
Donald M. Ross. William I). Brooks of Los
Angelea and Nevle R. stmw of San Francisco.
DAVIS— WITTSTOCKT-December 31, 1895, by
the Rev. Donald M.Ross. Hueii W.Davis and
Katie Witts:oi-k. hotb of San Francisco.
1 BERNSTEIN— In this city, Janu-
i ary 1, 1896. by the Rev. M. s. Levy, Frank J.
Franklin and Pauline Bernstein, both of San
Francisco.
FROEHLICH— HAUGAARD— In this city. Janu-
ary 16. 1896, by the Rev. J. H. Pchroeder, Wil-
liam 11. Edward Froehlich and Meta Mathllde
Hang
LI I'— ASHER— this city, January 1, 1896,
George J. Levy of Sacramento and Annie Asher
of San Francisco.
LEVY— LEVINGSTOX— In this city, January 5,
1893, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Adolf Levy and
Hat tie Livingston, both of San Francisco. "
SCHOENnOLZ-LEMLE-In this city. January
12, 1898, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Morris Scboen-
holz and Rose Lemle, both of San Francisco.
hied.
Bollinger. Mourning E. Johnson. Fanny
Clark, Anna Levy, Isaac H.
Cu'.len, David G. MrLuuifhlin, Thomas
Edwards, Thomas M. Mclaughlin. Rose
Felgenbaum, Benedict Maeee, Richard R.
Ficken, Edward E. Pooler. J. K. H.
Oilman, Eliza D. Relchmuth, Anna
Guest, Mac Rippey. Wesley C.
Hedrick, Albert Ryan, Maggie
JLlughes, Joseph B. Stewart, George
Thompson, Agnes
BOLLINGER— Ii this city, January 16, 189(5,
Mourning E.. beloved win- of Frank Bollinxer.
sister of Mrs. Battle rd. Mrs. Nancy I.ittieri.ld
and Rice Sonthwood, and aunt of Edith and
Jeannptte Brown, a native of M. Joseph, Mo.,
aged 5 2 years.
CLARK— In .Santa Barbara, January 12. 1896,
Anna Clark, beloved wife of John Clark of Stew-
arts Point, and mother of Mrs. Tillie i'iske, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 60 years 8 months and 9
days.
CULLEN— lnthlsclty, January 15. JR96, David
G. Cullen, brother of Jennie. John C, William,
James J. and Frank H. Cullen. a native of San
Francisco, aeed 26 years.
tttiF'The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from St. Joseph's
Chapel, fark Hill avenue. Please omit flowers.
Interment private.
EDWARDS— In San Mateo, January 15, 1896.
Thomas M., dearly beloved husband of Annie
Edwards, a native of Sag Harbor, Long Island,
aged 58 years. ■
v Bs"Friends and acquaintances are requested
to meet the remains THIS DAY (Friday) at
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Funeral leaves San Mat<?o
at 12:45 o'clock p. ii.. arrives at Third and Town-
send streets at 1 :40 o'clock P. H.
FEIGENBAUM— In this city, January 15, lSf)6,
Benedict, beloved husband of Rosa Feisenbuum,
and father of Lionel B. and Julius Feigenbaum,
a native of Germany, aged 63 years.
4iTFrienrts and acquaintances am r?sn ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Friday) at 9:30 O'clock A. m.. at his
late residence, 505 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train reaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock a. m.
Please omit flowers.
FICKEN— At Port Costa, January 14,1896, Ed-
ward Enoch, son of E. J. and Klttie Ficken,
a native of California, aged 7 months and 14
days.
OILMAN— Mount Hamilton. January 14,
1896, Eliza D. Oilman, beloved mother of" Mrs.
E. Moore. Mrs. P. H. Tiernan, Mrs. E. Steven-
son and George. Charles, Joseph and Henrietta
'■ man a native of New York, aged 75 years 10
months and 23 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, San Francisco. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
GUEST— In this city. January 15, 1896. Mac. be-
loved wife of Thomas Guest, and sister of Mrs.
James Cruise, Mrs. Robert Henry and John I.,
George, Edward and Annie Fitzgerald, a native
! of Troy, N. V., aged 27 years 3 months and 14
days.
tfiT Friends anl relatives are resnect-
fiilly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resl-
. dence, 326 Fifth avenue, thence to Star of the
Sea Church, where services will bf> celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this cttv. January 16, 1896. Joseph
8.. beloved son of William and Sarah Hughes,
and brother of Mrs. William Wedgwood, Mrs.
William Halllnan and Willie Hughes, a native of
San Francisco, a?ed 19 years.
HEDRICK— In this city. January 15. 1896. Albert,
son of David and Erllnda Hedrick, and brother
of Mrs. Lottie Dunn and Mary and Margaret
Hedrick, a native of San Francisco, aged 15
years.
*3"Frlends and acquaintance* are resnect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock p. v.. from the resi-
dence of his father. 720 Leavenworth street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 15, 1898, Fanny,
beloved wife of Charles A. Johnson, and mother
of George Johnson, a native of Eureka, Nev.,
aged 38 years.
LEVY— city, January 16, 1896, at 7 o'clock
p. v., Isaac H. Levy, superintendent of the Pa-
cific Hebrew Home.
«3TNotice of funeral hereafter.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, January 15, 1896,
Thomas, beloved husband of Catherine Me LauKh-
lin, and father of Thomas, Edward and Lizzie
McLaugblln and the late Mrs. H. Toner, a native
; of County Gil way. Ireland, aged 57 years.
jO"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 533 Jersey street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, corner Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN- In Shis city. January 16, 1893,
Rose, beloved wife of Michael McLaughlin.
mo: her of T.W. and E. A. Magnire.Mrs. J. J. Ryan
and Mrs. George Murphy, sister-in-law of Ed-
ward and John McLaughlin, and sister of Henry
Connelly of Vallejo.
. £3~Noticeof funeral hereafter.
MAGEE— In Nicasio, January 15, 1896, Richard
- Rutherford Magee, a native of Ireland, aged 77
years. • .•• v
AyFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence in Nicasio. Interment Cypress Hill
Cemetery, Petaluma.
POOLER— In this city, January 16, 1896. J. R. H.,
dearly beloved husband of the late Rose Pooler,
a native of Ireland.
REICHMUTH— In this city, January 16, 1896,
> Anna, youngest and beloved daughter of Louis
and Maria Reich mutb, and sister of Maria Reich-
muth, a native of San Francisco, aged 18 days.
RIPPEY— In this city, January 15, 1896, Wesley
C. Rippey, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 57
years.
RYAN— In this city, January 14, 1896, Maggie,
beloved daughter of Michael and Marpvret Ryan,
and sister of Mamie, Josie, II if.it- and the late
William Ryan, a native of Chicago. 111.
i Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. v., from the residence
of the parents, 2034 Foisom street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city, January 15, 1896-George.
beloved husband of Mary Frances Stewart, and
father of George Francis, Robert Henry and Her-
bert Calloway Stewart, it native of Illinois, aged
55 years 11 months and 27 days.
■ ' BS~Frienrti and acquaintances .are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from the hall of Unity
Lodge No. 131, 1. O. O. F.. corner Valencia and
Sixteenth streets, under the auspices of Unity
Lodge. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city. January 14. 1896, at
her residence. 722 Ellis street. Agnes, beloved
mother of Robert. Gertie, Annie Lillie and
Thomas Thompsou. and sister of William Fergu-
son. a':ed 41 years.
JfcSPFnends and acquaintance* nre resp'w-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from St. John's
Presbyterian Churcn, corner California and Oc-
tavia streets. •• <
r UNITED BNDEKTAKKKS' . *
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
i at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth st reeL
| WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL BISECTORS &■ EMBALM KRS',
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone So£o.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TN PAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAIT|
' J. laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see it before
> tttt/iuf A burial place elsewhere.
City kjOLv, 9 City Hall At*d««
1314
MAYOR SUTRO
MUCH AMUSED.
Glad That Congressmen
Object to Talk of
Bribery.
JUST WHAT IS WANTED.
Thinks Representative Bowers a
Friend of the Railroad
Company.
DELEGATES BEING APPOINTED.
Citizens of Colusa Pass Resolutions
Protesting Against the Fund
ing Bill.
Mayor Futro laughed heartily yesterday
morning when he read the dispatch
printed in The Cam., in ■which Congress
man Bowers and others gave their opinion
tnat the committee oi fifty were hurting
the chances of defeating the funding bill
by talking about the bribery of Congress
men and the influence of the Southern
Pacific magnates among the Nation's
colons.
"If the shoe pinches let him take it off,"
he said.
"I am glad to hear that the utterances
Congressman Bowers, Who Amuses
-Mayor sutro.
of the committee, through the literature
sent to Washington, are having effect. Of
course some of the Congressmen, particu
larly those who are friendly to the railroad
company, do not Jike to hear talk of j
bribery. Why should they? It comes too
near home, and that is exactly what we
are driving at. We want every Congress
man to know that the railroad is not i
above bribery or the use of undue influ- j
ence, and that that influence has been felt
in certain quarters.
"That some one is squirming under the
lash is very pleasing to the committee. It
shows that the iron has struck home; that i
the knowledge that the eves of the coun- i
try are on men who are thought to be open I
to influence is having a disquieting effect.
"If every man we fear can be brought to
this state of mind we shall be satisfied that
our efforts are not being wasted.
"As to Congressman Bowers; well, he
may be opposed to a funding bill (Senator
White says he is), but he has, to my mind,
been a friend of the railroad for years past.
Whether he is or not will be shown when
the funding bill comes up for passage. If
he votes asain«t it I shall be the first to
say "Well done.'
"I expect that by this time the Congress
men and Senators are beginning to hear
from home regarding this funding bill
matter. Every newspaper in the home
towns of the country's lawmakers has been
furnished with an abundance of literature
on the puhject, and if they follow the
practice of former year? they "will all print
copious extracts and send special copies to
the Representatives of their districts. I
never saw anything bring a wavering Con
gressman or .Senator to time quicker than
thi«. When he knows that his friends,
relatives and business associates are fully
apprised of his danger he is generally care
ful to avoid shady-looking bills, no matter
how much influence is brought to bear on
him.
"The time is approaching when the bill
will come up for the consideration of Con
gress, and we are marshaling our forces.
"Though nothing particularly new has
come from the seat of war regarding the
prospects of the coming battle, I think the
chances of checkmating President Hunt
ington are becoming brighter. He will
lind that what I have often said is true —
that it is far easier tb beat a measure in
Congress or any legislative body than it is
to pass it. We can see already that his in
fluence at Washington is waning."
Though few names of delegates for the
convention at Metropolitan Temple to
morrow have reached the secretary of the
committee of fifty, there are evidences
that the keenest interest is being felt in all
parts of the State. Delegates are prom
ised from many sections, and in others
resolutions of sympathy with the move
ment against funding are being passed.
The citizens of Colusa anJ that vicinity
are particularly enthusiastic, and at a re
cent mass-meeting passed stirring resolu
tions in reference to the matter.
The following letter in relation to the
meeting reached Mayor Sutro yesterday :
Hon. Adolph Svtro, .Vat/or of San Francisco •
In answer to your circular calling for aeon
vention to be held in San Francisco on the
3 Bth day of January the citizens of the town of
Colum at a meeting held in the Colusa Theater
on Monday evening. January 13, unanimously
adopted the following preamble and resolu
tion:
Whf.rf.as. We believe that strenuous efforts
are being made to pass a funding bill in Con
gress extending the time for settlement of the
debts of the Central and Union Pacific Rail
road companies with this Government rd<l
whereas, the citizens of Colusa, in mass-meet
ing assemDled, believe it to be inexpedient to
so extend the time, therefore be it
Knolvrl, That we are opposed to the passage
of a funding bill or a bill in any form what
ever that will extend the time o! settlement of
this just debt.
Frank Williams, Chairman
Ed St. Maurice. Secretary.
Communications were also received from
the Supervisors of Napa County appoint
ing If. M. Estee as a delegate to the con
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
I XV™ Powder
ABSOLUTELY* PURE -^
vention, from the Mayor of Santa Rosa
appointing J. C. Simms and D. E. McKin
ley, from Chairman Forderer of the muni
cipal board of Alameda appointing Green
Majors, C. B. Nayior and B. C. Brown, and
from Mayor Davie of Oakland appointing
the following delegates: F. R. Girard, G.
B. Paniels, V. Sinclair, George L. Fish, W.
W. Foote, Eugene Hough, E. M. Gibson,
John Gelder, M. McKinnon, C. B. White,
Thomas Roberts and J. M. Bassett.
MARVELOUS ESCAPE.
A Young I^Hdy Knocked Down and
Kolled on the Street by a
Cable- Car.
At 12:.T0 o'clock yesterday afternoon on
Post street, between Kearny street and
Grant avenue, car >>o. 710 of the cabte line
knocked down and badly bruised Miss
Agnes Henneberry, a girl of lti years.
Miss Henneberry resides at lit! Jones
street. That t lie girl escaped with her
life i 9 remarkable, for she was rolled
several feet by the guard-board in front
before the gripman could stop the car.
Dr. Rosenstirn, in his buggy, happened
to be passing at the time, and was one of
the first to release the girl from the peril
ous position. Miss lienneberry was con
veyed through the crowd to a lodging
house near by. Dr. Rosenstirn found that
she was not fatally hurt. There was a
deep gash on her right arm and several
bruises on her face and head. The young
lady was removed to her home late in the
afternoon.
THE FOLSOM BOULEVARD
The Superintendent of Streets Will
Advertise for Bids
Soon.
If the action of the Street Committee of
the Board of Supervisors is ratified by the
board Superintendent of Streets Ashworth
will be notiiied on Tuesday next to adver
tise for bids for the converting of Folsom
street, from Steuart to Nineteenth, into
a bituminized boulevard.
At the last meeting the committee de
cided that $35,000 could be spared out of
the funds now in the treasury to begin the
work and that ihe rest could be raised
when the occasion demanded. The work
will begin from Steuart street.
DESMOND GIRLS FOUND
Trapped After Weeks of Patient
Search by Policeman
Rourke.
The Sisters Are Important Witnesses
Against Peter F. Lane, the Aged
Capitalist.
The Desmond sisters, Hannah and Liz
zie, have been found, and when the trial
of Peter P. Lane, the aged capitalist, for
felonious assault upon little girls comes on
in the Superior Court next week they will
be on hand to give their evidence.
Hannah is 16 years of age and Lizzie 11.
Hannah acted as an agent for Lane in get
ting little girls to go to his house, and was
paid small sums of money for her services.
At the time of Lane's arrest Policeman
Rourke, who was the means of exposing
the scandal, placed some of the little girls
nnder arrest, so that they could be held as
witnesses, but when lie went to the Des
mond house he found to his chagrin that
the two girls had flown. Lane had that
day been released on bonds, and he was
seen in the afternoon entering and leaving
the J>esmond dwelling. It was broadly
asserted that the girls' parents had been
paid to keep them out of the way.
Rourke has been persistently hunting for
the missing girls and it was not till
Wednesday when he had obtained the
assistance "of Policeman Sylvester that he
obtained a clew to their whereabouts.
They learned that the girls were living
with Mrs. Reese, Sl3 Camp street. They
went there that nijzht, hut the girls were
on the alert and escaped by the rear door.
The officers chased them over fences for
some distance, but they had too great a
start.
All that night the officers continued
their search without result, but yesterday
they ascertained that the girls had fled to
the house of Leonard Brunt, 1136 York
street. Last night, during the rainstorm,
the officers went to Brunt's house. Rourke
went to the front and Sylvester to the rear.
The girls made an attempt to escape, but
when they saw it was useless they iaughed
and willingly accompanied the officers to
the City Prison, where they were booked
for vagrancy. Their testimony will be of
the greatest value to the State in the prose
cution of the aged libertine.
PARDINI ON TRIAL.
Two of His Supposed Victims Are
Placed on the Witness-
Stand.
Judge Wallace's courtroom would have
been crowded to suffocation yesterday had
not his Honor ordered the doors locked,
no one being admitted who had no busi
ness there. Eugene Pardlni, accused of
perverting the morals of a number of young
girls, was on trial.
Louise Oliver was the first of the alleged
victims placed on the stand. The girl is
over 15 years of age, though no taller than
most girls of 8 or 9. She was self-possessed
and gave some shocking testimony with
a pparent unconcern.
Another supposed victim is little Minnie
Egan, who also testified. She looked like
a little child in shabby dress and worn red
Tarn O'Shanter and seemed nervous and
frightened. Apparently she ie not over 12
years of age and seems unfamiliar with
vice.
Secretary Kane of the Society for the i
Suppression of Vice and Policeman Cole- I
man gave details of Pardini's arrest in j
November and M. H. Lichtenstein, a !
pawnbroker, near the defendant's late i
place of business, pave testimony in favor
of the accused man's character.
Much of the testimony was unfit for j
p üblication and considerable time was \
taken up in making the witnesses describe j
t he premises where the crimes are said to !
have been perpetrated.
lirge Real Kstate Sale.
Baldwin A Hammond will conduct an Im
portant sale of real estate for the Pacific Im
provement Company at their salesroom, 10
Montgomery street, at 12 noon Thursday, Janu
ary 'Z'.i. Seventy business and residence lots
within three blocks from the City Hall, and
fronting on Market, Mission, Brady and
Stevenson streets, will be offere.l for sale.
Valencia-street property will also be ottered.
Signed the Milk Ordinnnce.
Mayor Sutro signed the new milk ordinance
recently adopted by the Board of Health at
the request of the Board of Health yesterday.
By its provisions those desiring to go into the
milk business must first obtain n permit from
the health authorities and afterward sell milk
of a certain degree of purity and strength. All
wagons muit bear the license number, and the
Board of Health is given power to destroy
cowh found to be fullering from disease.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896.
THE COURT MIST HASTEN.
But Two Weeks Left in Which
to Decide on the New
Primary Law.
MORE TEST CASES IN SIGHT.
What the Law Is and Why It is
Thought the Supreme Court
Will Kill It.
A second and possibly* a third proceed
ing which will bring the new primary law
before the .Supreme Court fora decision on
its constitutionality may follow soon the
application of A. \V. Gett Jr. of Sacra
mento for a writ of mandamus to compel
the Supervisors of Sacramento County to
proceed to carry out the law.
The petition will be heard on Monday
by the Supreme Court sitting in bank,
and District Attorney Ryan of Sacramento
County will represent the Supervisors and
contest the validity of the law and its ap
plication to Sacramento Count\ r . The
matter is exciting universal interest
among the politicians here and elsewhere,
ana there rumors that several well-known
Democratic attorneys of this City will ap
pear at the Hearing in the role of amicus
curias and assist in arguing that the law
conflicts with the constitution and with
various decisions of tlie Supreme Court.
Joseph Rothschild is one of these.
Ten days or so ago the Supervisors of
Los Angeles County passed a resolution
declaring their intention of proceeding to
put the law into operation, and prepara
tions to found a test case in this action
were at once begun. The District Attor
ney of Los Angeles County has written to
District Attorney Barnes asking his co
operation and assistance in getting an :
early decision as to the validity of the law.
It is understood here that a legal action ;
has been or is about to be begun there,
which will be followed by an appeal to the
Supreme Court. In that case the peti
tioner wouiii asK an order restraining the
Supervisors from carrying out the law,
while the opposite action has been taken
in Sacramento County.
One case which brings the vital points of
the question beiore the court would be suf
licieiH, but there is a possibility that after
hearing the Sacramento petition the court
will decide that the law does not apply to
Sacramento County and dismiss ttie peti
tion without deciding the main points.
In that case the Los Angeles proceeding
would come along in its place. But the
law requires important steps to be taken
during the niontn of January and a quick
decision is needed. So there is consider
able tallc among both those who want the !
law upheld and those who do not about tak- ;
ing the question directly from the City Hall [
across the street to the Supreme Court
building. Such a case will necessarily
arise here before the end of the month
anyway. The decision as to whether the
new or the old Board of Election Commis
sioners is the legal body is expected from
day to day.
After it is handed down one of the first
acts of the board will be to draw names
for election officers and to provide new
boxes, and Auditor Broderick will be at
once called upon to approve the warrants ;
for expenditures. Gat ret McEnemey, at
torney for Auditor Broderick, has advised
him to approve no warrants under this
law until its validity is settled and this he
will do. Therefore the earlier the de- i
cision comes the better, and so all who are
interested, both for and against the law, |
are anxious ttiat the Election Commission
ers here test the points involved as quickly
as possible.
This law puts primary elections on the
legal plane of general elections. Hereto
fore parties have done as they pleased j
with them or done without them. The
law creates as legal institutions "State
conventions," 'district conventions 1 ' and
"local conventions." A general primary
election must be held on the second
Tuesday of July every two years for the
election ot delegates to such conventions. !
Tiiis election is a general one, at which all
parties vote at the same time, and it is '
under the exclusive management of the
Election Commissioners as is a general
election.
The Election Commissioners must be- ■
gin their work in January of each year '
in which a general election is to be held by
selecting from the last assessment roll not
less than thirty electors residing in each i
precinct, the helections to be made from I
all existing Darties in as nearly equal pro
portion as possible. These names go '■
through quite a process of registration,
publication and safe storage. One of sev
eral practical difficulties in carrying out i
the law appears right here. It has been
discovered that in many precincts of this i
City there are not thirty voters on the as- !
sessment roll, and one precinct has but ]
fourteen.
The names selected, registered and pub
lished as descriDed are the ones from
which, twenty days before the primary,
the Election Commissioners are to draw
the names of five election otticers of varied
political faith in each precinct and pub
lisli them. Those drawn are compelled to
serve, under Denalty of law, unless excused
t>y the Election Commissioners for good
cause. The reward of those serving is ex- !
emption from jury duty for one year. In
San Francisco 1845 citizens would thus be
exempted, materially lessening the supply
of jurors while raising the standard of pri
mary election?.
The Election Commissioners, must pro- I
vide a polling-place in each precinct and a !
separate ballot-box for each party partici
pating in the election. Each party must
use ballots of a designated color. The
polls must bo open from 9 a. m. until sun
set. Challengers are ofiicially appointed.
All the expense except for ballots is borne
by the county. Any act which is a public
offense at a general election is made a
public offense at a primary election, and
the same penalties follow.
Estimates of the Co3t of holding a gen
eral primary election in this City range
from $:i2,(KXi upward.
Han this law been made a general one,
applicable to the whole State, the main
legal points urged against it now would
not have existed. It was framed as a gen
eral law, but at the last hour, in deference
to interior counties, it was amended to !
make it apply only to counties oi the first ;
and second classes. It was the intention j
of the Legislature to make it apply only i
to San Francisco and L,os Angeles coun- j
ties. The act of 1883, which prescribed
the present classification of counties for the
regulation of the pay of county officers,
putting one county in each class, has
since been considered a general one for all
purposes.
In October last the hupreme Court set- :
tied this classification business in the case '
of lilass vs. Lewis, which knocKed out the
fee bill, and in the case of Turner vs.
the County of Siskiyou, by declaring that i
under section 5 of a'rticie XI of the consti
tution counties may be classified only for
the purpose of regulatinsr the compensa
tion of certain public officers. Thus the
classification under which the primary law
was placed was gone. Under the new con
stitution there could be no classification
for any purpose but the one mentioned.
But the new constitution left most of the
previous laws in force, and the old section
4006 of the Political Code gives the classi
fication in force, if there is any, and under
this classiticatian all but sixteen of the
counties of the State— all of over 8000
population— are in the first and second
classes and so are subject to the new j
primary law. Hence the Sacramento ',
County petition and hence the increased
interest in the law. If the Supreme Court j
decides that this old classification is not in
force the application of tiie law will be ,
narrowed to the two chief counties of the
State.
The best friends of the law doubt that it
will stand. The main points which will be
urged against it are that it is special and
prohibited legislation in that it applies to
certain counties only.
Section 25 of article IV of the constitu
tion says:
The Legislature shall not pass local or special
laws in any of the following enumerated cases,
that is to say: • • •
Xinth — Kegulating county and township
business or the election of county or township
oilicers. * • ♦
Eleventh — Providing for conducting elec
tions or designating the places of voting, ex
cept in the organization oi new counties. • * *
Twenty-eighth — Creating officers or pre
scribing the powers and duties of officers in
counties, cities. • » ♦
Thirty-third— In all other cases where a gen
eral law can be made applicable.
The law in question is held to be an at
tempt to regulate the elective franchise
differently in different portions of the
State. It is a case "wnere a general law
can be made applicable." It is held to be
the kind of special legislation especially
prohibited in the provisions quoted above.
Section 11 of article I of the constitution
requires that, "all laws of a general nature
shall have a uniform application," and
this is held to be a law of a general nature.
Many Supreme Court decisions are ready
for citation in support of this view, as well
as other provisions of the constitution, in
cluding the one requiring the Legislature
to "establish a system of county govern
ments which shall be uniform throughout
the State."
Thus, if the old system of political pri
maries is to survives while longer it will
be because the new law does not apply to
the whole State. The law was gotten up
by Martin Kelly and Thomas V. Cator.
Frank D. Ryan, District Attorney of
Sacramento County, who will oppose Mr.
Geit's motion for a writ of mandamus, has
no doubt but that the primary Jaw will be
declared invalid.
"There can be no doubt about its being
unconMitutional," he said. "When the
question was hist broached the Supervisors
referred it to me. A careful investigation
convinced me that the law could not stand.
I so reported and the contest at once be
gan.
"The lower courts upheld my position.
Mr. Gett appealed the case, but* there will
be nothing for the Supreme Judges to do
under the law but attirm the findings of
the lower court.
"I am glad that the question was raised
at this early day. Had it been overlooked
till after the elections great confusion and
enormous expense would undoubtedly
have been occasioned."
CONDEMNS HOLY SHOWS.
Rev. Hobart Chetwood Will Not
Batten on Church Enter
tainments.
The Clergyman's Principles Versus
the Mission's Neces
sities.
Rev. Hobart Chetwood has tendered his
resignation as incumbent of St. James
Episcopal Mission, on Clement street, near
Sixth avenue, and the announcement was
made yesterday that Bishop Nichols had
accepted the resignation.
For a number of months past Mr. Chet
wood, who is well known in this City as
the editor of the Pacific Churchman, has
officiated as missionary to the Episcopal
population of the Richmond district, and
the result has been the spiritual edifica
tion and uplifting of every one concerned.
The congregation of the mission grew dur
ing his pastorate, and his preaching was
famed from one end to the other of Point
Lobos avenue.
But, in spite of all these promising con- j
ditions, there was a little rift in the oongre- i
gation, which has been slowly widening I
ever since the winter season of concerts, i
cantatas and church festivals began. The !
rift did not denote any ill feeling on either
fide; it was a difference of opinion, or of !
principle rather, between the clergyman
and his parishionprs, but it has led to the
Rev. Hobart Cnetwood's resignation, and
left his flock pastorless mourning his de- !
parture.
In order to understand thoroughly the
grounds taken by Mr. Chetwood and his
parishioners, it must be explained that St.
James Mission, like a great many other j
spiritual corporations, is not rich in this ■
world's good.-.
The Guild Hall, on Clement street, :
where the congregation meets to worship,
has been built, but by no means fully paid i
for, by the church members. In addition
to the interest on the loan for the Guild !
Hall there are taxes and other necessary !
expenses to meet.
The congregation has been in the habit of [
raising the money by giving concerts, j
comedies, cantatas, teas, birthday parties '
and other mild forms of dissipation of the !
common variety.
What Mr. Chetwood objected to was the
combination.
Holy shows, be gave his people to under
stand, were not in his line at all. The
church was a church and the theater was
. The Rev. Hobart Chetwood.
[J-'rom a photograph.]
a theater and he did not want to see the !
churches competing with the givers of
secular entertainments for the sake of
falthy lucre.
Free entertainments for the amusement
of his flock Mr. Chetwood was perfectly
willing to preside over, but he could not |
bring himself to look toward holy shows j
as a source of income to the church.
"It is our necessities against our pastor's
principles," said the flock, but they re
frained for some time from giving a show, i
except once, when the tax man became j
very pressing. At Christmas, however,
they burst out into another entertain
ment, at which, to the clergyman's sor- |
row, an admission fee was charge.l. That
entertainment virtually closed the deal
between Rev. Hobart Chetwood and the
St. James Mission. The pastor has since
resigned.
There is nothing but the best possible
feeling on both sides, however. The par
ishioners -say Mr. Chetwood has always
been accustomed to large churches and
does not understand the necessities of a
struggling mission.
The Kaird Divorce Case.
In the Baird divorce case in Judge Dainger
field's court yesterday leave was given the re
spondent to file an amended answer. Then the
case was set /or trial February 5. : : ,';
■ • ♦ < ; — -
A model establishment, operated by skilled
printers and binders. \ The Mysell-Roliins.Co.,
»-. Clay, ■ ' ' - ' * : "
THE FREE MARKET COMING
Its Advocates Hold a Meeting
and Loudly Sound Its
Praises.
MUCH ENTHUSIASM EVINCED.
Middlemen "Damned With Faint
Praise" — Proposal From the
Harbor Commission.
San Francisco is to have a free market.
At least, so say W. H. Mills and a goodly
number more, and it looks as though
they would see their pet project through
to a successful outcome. The advocates of
the idea had a chance to give free vent
to their views on the matter at last night's
special meeting of the trade and finance
committee of the Merchants' Association.
Despite the tempestuous weather there was
a good attendance.
Among those present were: A. Kusenot,
R. F. Osborne, W. H. Mills, K. Melrose,
J. W. Carmany, A. S. Baldwin, M. Adams
and K. J. Frued, secretary of the commit
tee. M. S. Kohlberg, the committee's
president, occupied the chair.
Mr. Mills was the first speaker of the
evening. He said he was well aware that
the opening of a free market might work
some little hardship to commission mer
chants. At the same time, he said, he was
not speaking for or against any one in the
commission business. He was looking to
the good of the prouueer and of the con
sumer. If he were considering some mat
ter bearing upon the public health he
would not consult the undertaker. By the
same rule of reasoning, when he was de
liberating upon a measure intended for
the benefit of the general public lie could
not be expected to consult those who make
a living off the needs of the same public.
"At present the consumer pays a price
which," continued Mr. Mills, "if divided
equally with the Droducer would render
the cultivation of land in California worth
while. The difficulty at present is that
the producer has no voice in fixing the
price of his products. The consumer, as
well, is powerless to determine the rates at
which he must procure food products
which are regarded aa necessaries. The
fact is that producer and consumer are un
able to come to any understanding. Be
tween them stands a third party anxious
to buy at the lowest figure and sell at the
highest. That is the commission mer
chant's business, and no one has a right to
find fault with him for it. But in any
event both producer and consumer have
to iive, while if the middleman's business
is taken from him ha will find something
else to do.
"Another point may be noticed when we
recollect that here in San Francisco about
85,000 people live in hotels and boarding
houses. There are in the City about 850
licensed restaurants, in some of the largest
of which as many as L'oihj meals are served
every day. From hotels, boarding-houses
and restaurants come about 1200 daily
purchasers, and heavy, constant purchas
ers at that. If these large buyers could
purchase directly from the producer, it
can easily be seen how expenses to both
parties would be minimized. This is
really the great raison d'etre of a free
market, and I am sure such an institution
here in San Francisco would be eminently
successful.
"Now, our City has not, properly speak
ing, a market. All we have in the market
line at present are marKetplaces occupied
by commission merchants, who perhaps
have purchased their wares from otner
commission merchants in turn. In order
to comprehend the hearing of this patent
fact, we must recollect that the greater
the number of hands through which a
staple article of commerce has to pass the
higuer its price invariably becomes. There
is no reason for us to ignore the fact that
our present commercial methods are at
fault. I can think of no city where a free
market is so necessary as our own.
"A. free market will render small hold
ings of Jand desirable and lucrative to
heads of families; ami once this state of
thincs is well established the problem of
the settling and colonizing of the unin
habited uortions of our State will be
solved. How is it that in Mexico Jiving
is so much easier and less expensive than
in the United States? Simply this: Food
products always have a market, and
the producer is constantly urged to
further production by the consumer, with
whom he deals directly day after day.
"A free market here would be a contin
ual fair. The best products of the State
would be placed on exhibition by men
having an interest in disposing of their
very best ware*. Such a market here
would be a magnificent advertisement for
California!! products, and far surpass any
other establishment of the kind in any
other section of the Union. It would also
radically cure some grave defects in our
present commercial conditions."
B. N. Rowley was of the opinion that,
while markets seemed to be a success in
some Eastern cities, notably Philadelphia,
they would not work her* 5 , the manner of
living in California being altogether differ
ent from that in vogue in the Atlantic
cities. He said he had given the subject
very little attention from Mr. Mills' point
of view, and thought that gentleman's
plan a brilliant one "if it would onl}
work."
Mr. Mills and Mr. Rowley then engaged
in a discussion on the issue raised by the
last-named gentleman. Each of the con
testants seemed desirous of holuine his
own in a quiet, gentlemanly way, when
Mr. Fusenot came to the rescue in a very
suave little speech, which ended by his
placing Himself unequivocally on the side
of Mr. Mills.
Mr. Adams gave some strange illustra
tions of sharp practice among commission
merchants of the City. Ho cited one in
stance in which the commission merchant
sold at a high retail price, crediting the
consignor with a moderate wholesale rate.
He said he had the names, and that con
siderations of delicacy alone prevented
him from making them public.
At this point some little feeling was
manifested by one or two of tue visitors
present.
Mr. Adams hastened to express his re
gret that any discussion should have
arisen, and hoped his attitude might not
be misunderstood. He maintained, how
ever, that the dishonorable practices re
ferred to by him were said to be very com
mon among commission merchants. He
contended that if such ways were not gen
eral among commission merchants, that
lact should be made public by the better
class of men in the business and offenders
against strict honesty exposed as frauds
and swindlers.
Mr. Rowley gave his recollections of the
free markets of Philadelphia as he had
seen them in his boyhood and in later
years. He laid particular stress upon the
fact that the farmers have a chance to go
into town with their produce and return
home at night with their money, large or
little, as the case might be, but all of it,
without having to share their profit with
any one else. He said perhaps TO per
cent of the venders were women, the hus
bands usually attending to the heavy work
of their farms, leaving the selling to their
wives and children.
The following communication from
President Colnon of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners was read by the
secretary :
San Francisco, Jan. IG, 1896.
J. Richard Fretid Exq., Secretary Merchants'
Anociation,City—nxA2LSa: Your note of yes
terday's date, inviting me to be present at a
meeting of your association called for this
evening to discuss the proposed free market
for this City, was received tnis morning. A
prior engagement may prevent my attending
your meeting, but the receipt of yoiir note fur
nishes an opnortunity for the expression of
some views on the subject which I had already
presented to a committee from Highland
Grange, Patrons of Husbandry, Santa Clara
County. The interest of the grange, as ex
pressed by its committee, is in the possession
en the water front, of faeiliiie< for the receipt,
handling, short-term storage and sale, by auc
tion or in job lots, of the perishable products
oi the farms and orchards in the interior; and
this is the only so-called free market that has
been considered in any way by the Harbor
Commission.
In tact, it may be doubted whether this
board would have the right to maintain any
thing in the nature of a general market on the
City front. A miirKet for cereal products has
for some years been established on the seawall,
where shipments from the interior and even
from Oregon are permitted ro lvmain a certain
number of days after landing without any
charge for storage, and to lay there a certain '
longer period upon the payment of a small :
sum, the object of the board evidently having
been to collect such revenue only us v.oulu }
meet current expenses and enable* its officers j ,
to exercise the necessary control over the. use ,
of the allotted space.
Here was found the precedent for so much of
a free market, so called, ns ha.> been considered
by the Harbor Commission ; and. in fact, this
was what suggested the idea in the iirst in
stance. It was seen thai an advantage was
conferred (at all events sought to be conferred)
upon the producer of cereals wliich was denied
to producers of perishable farm products, such
as fruits and vegetables. The grain farmer
could let his sacks oi wheat remain five days
on tiie landing without incurring a cent of ex
pense, even the tolls which are collected upon :
all other products crossing the line of the City
front being omitted in the case of grain, (lour
and millstuffs. During this time he could !
seek a buyer or make arrangements for storing i
elsewhere. But the fruit farmer has always
been obliged, owing to the congested comii
tlon of the landings during tne fruit season,
not only to pay lull toils but to hurry his stuff
away soon alter its arrival in order that room
might be had for the cargoes which were rap
idly to follow.
This commission also in the past, by author- i
ity of an act of the Legislature, set apart a j
portion of the water front for the exclusive |
use of the fishermen, where the bounteous ]
yield of the waters taken by them is sold, ;
shipped or stored, the commission going so far j
as to provide cold storage facilities. Mean- i
time, as said before, the producer ot garden
truck arriving at the wharves, or the shipper!
thereof, is obliged to coniorm strictly to the
regulations, in order mat the continuous in
flux during the season may not be obstructed, j
To come, therefore, to the concrete of the
proposition, so far as I am concerned as a i
member o£ the Harbor Commission, i am in j
favor of setting apart section -1 oi the sen wall,
which is at the foot of Front street, and have a ;
shed, 500 feet long by 40 feet wide, for
the use ot shippers of fruits and vegetables ;
in their season, under terms similar to those
governing the use oi the grain shed by
the grain men; that is tc say, each '
Shipper may occupy the space alloted to any :
particular consignment for from three to live
or seven days, as inuy be determined by a con- j
ference between the board and the shippers or
the State organization of growers, no eiiarge to
accrue other than that for landing in the first
instance. The grower, or shipper, or con- ;
signee, as the case might be, would then not '
be forced to get his stuff out of the way in a
hurry, or. in the absence of a buyer, to dumo !
it into the bay. He would have "a breathing
spell and time to look about for the best dispo
sition of his products. Such details as auction
sales, or private sales by packages or other
wise, might well be left to the producers them
selves, to be arranged for by their State or
local organizations. In no case, however,
could the general control of the premises be
diverted from the Harbor Commission.
This, iv brief, is the present stage of develop- !
meat ot the free-market idea so far as the Har
bor Commission is concerned. Very truly
yours, E. L. Colnon, "
President Board of State Harbor Coiniuis
sioners.
The hour being late, and the storm giv
ing no prospect of abatement, the meeting
adjourned after those present had brietlv
and informally discussed the contents of
Mr. Colnon's communication. Mr. Mills, ;
as he was leaving the room, remarked:
"Everything I have heard to-night con- I
firms my conviction that the i~an Fran-
Cisco Free Market will soon be an accom- !
plished fact. We have a formal and most
liberal proposal from thu Harbor Commis
sion, and that means a great deal. I tell
you," he repeated emphatically, as he van
ished down the elevator shaft, "the San
Francisco Free Market is coming, and
when it once does come it will come to
Etay -" -
FAVOR A FREE MARKET.
The California Fruit Exchange Will
Assist In the Move
ment.
The stockholders of the California Fruit
Exchange held their annual meeting yes
terday in this City, which resulted in the \
re-election of the old directors and officers
as follows: President, B. F. Walton; vice
president, Philo Hersey; secretary and j
treasurer, John Markley; directors — F. M.
Righter, H. C. Morrill, D. T. Fowler, D.
W. Parkhurst, K. Friselle, W. J. Dobbins, !
J. A. Webster and C. C. Thompson, The j
stockholders requested the directors to ap
point asj manager R. \V. Hersey of the
State Exchange for the ensuing year. He '
is the manager of the California Dried
Fruit Agency, which is an organization of
the fruit exchanges of Santa Clara County.
The intent of this movement is to briiig
all the exchanges of the State into close
relations, upon the lines agreed upon at
a convention of fruit exchanges held in
this City last year.
Those present declared themselves in
favor of a free market on the water front
of this City, under such regulations as
would afford the producer due protection, j
and it was decided that the exchange !
would be ready to accept any duty in con
nection with the enterprise that will be
of advantage to the public. Edward F.
Adams was appointed as a committee to
represent the exchange in a conference !
with the Harbor Commissioners and at all
meetings called to consider the subject.
MOULDER MEMORIAL BED
Teachers Have Endowed a Cot at
the Children's Hospi
tal.
It Will Perpetuate the Memory of the
Deceased School Superin
tendent.
The memory of A. J. Moulder, the re
cently deceased Superintendent of Public
Schools, will be perpetuated by means of
a memorial bed in the Children's Hospi
tal, where unfortunate little ones can be
given the cares and attention their condi
tion require.
Soon after Mr. Moulder's death a com
mittee of teachers consisting of Albert
Lyser (chairman). Miss M. E. Donnelly
(secretary), A. L. Mann (treasurer), Super
intendent Babcock, Misa M. E. Prog,
Miss R. G. Campbell and Joseph O'Con
nor was appointed to devise means to pro
cure a suitable memorial to the deceased
official. Shortly afterward the teachers
voluntarily started a subscription among
themselves and raised a substantial fund"
which was recently turned over to the
committee with power to expend it ac
cording to its own judgment.
The committee met yesterday to discuss
the matter, and decided to perpetuate the
memorial.
The treasurer's report showed that $318
had been collected, of which $180 had been
spent in litting up the cot, and enough
more in other expenses to leave a balance
of $60 on hand. This will be placed in the
bank as a nucleus for the fund which is to
endow the bed for all time.
The plan is to collect at Christmastime
each year 10 cents from each schoolteacher
in San Francisco, the instructors having
proposed this arrangement themselves.
This will bring in about $90 each Christ
inas, and as the expense of maintaining
the bed is but $25 or $30 a year, a respect
able balance will be left to go into the
sinking fund. It is estimated that $500 at
interest will support the memorial with
out further contributions, and when this
amount is reached the collections will
cease.
It was also decided that the memorial
address that was adopted November 11,
18f>5, shall be suitably engrossed and sent
to Mrs. Moulder.
The directors of the Children's Hospital
have been notified of the action of the
committee, and it is expected that the bed
Will be ready lor occupancy in afew days.
BUDD ASKED TO PRESIDE
Advocates of Public Ownership
of Railroads Call a Con
vention.
WILL MAKE STRONG DEMANDS.
The Iroquois Club to Be Requested at
To-Night's Meeting to Indorse
the Project.
Governor Budd has been asked to pre
side over a monster mass-meeting which
is to be called to express the feelings of
the people regarding Government owner
ship of railroads, and those who have the
project in hand are anxiously awaiting an
answer from ttie State's chief executive
before making the final anangements for
the gathering.
Some time ago, when the committee of
fifty made public the demands it would
present to Congress— that the funding bill
p-epared by President Huntington of the
Southern Pacific should be rejected— a
great many opponents of the railroad ex
pressed the opiniuii that the committee
had not gone far enough and that it
should not only have demanded the defeat
of the obnoxious measure, but should have
appealed to Congress in unmistakable
terms for a foreclosure of the $27,000,000
first mortgage held by ttie Government.
It is now proposed to supplement the
action of the convention which has been
called for to-morrow by another conven
tion making greater demands and empha
sizing them by a showing as strung if not
stronger than that of the committee. The
projectors of the new move believe that
the present is the time to get all that is
coming to the people of Colifornia and the
country at large irom the railroad com
pany, "and that the demands should be,
made while the people are aroused and
ready fur action.
Governor Budd is well known to be an
advocate of Government ownership of rail
roads, and it is believed that he will con
sent to lead the movement and preside
over the meeting, particularly as his ad
vice and counsel were not sought when the
committee of lifty was formed.
A large number of men prominent in
business and political circles have ex-'
pressed their willingness to attend the
meeting and lend their aid in sending a
ringing demand to Congress, and several
prominent men have been secured as
speakers for the occasion.
Thus far no word lias come from the |
Governor to those who addressed him on
the subject, but as the letier was only
mailed on Wednesday an answer was not
expected before this morning at the earli
est.
Another factor that ia working in favor
of the Government ownership convention
is a self-appointed committee of the Iro
quois Club, which intends to make every
effort to have that organization indorse the
project. The club is already on record aa
iavoring public ownership of railroads and
telegraph systems, and when the matter is
broached at to-night's meeting it is be
lieved that the members will take kindly
to it and send its most prominent men a"s
delegates to the convention.
The exact nature of the resolutions that
will be presented to the convention baa
not vet been determined and will depend
soruevyhat on the action of the anti-fund
ing bill convention. Should that body
not make itt demands strong or clear
enough to suit the Government ownership
advocates it is probable that tliey will not
be considered by the Government owner
ship convention and that that body will
put forth its own ilernanus without refer
ence to anything that has yet been done.
No definite date has been lixed for the
convention, but its projectors expect to
call it for Wednesday next at Metropolitan
Temple.
The call will be issued as soon as word is
received from Governor Budd.
"There is no doubt that the people are
ripe for Government ownership, " said a
member of the committee last evening,
"and w*s see no reason why this time
should not be taken to ask Congress to
take everything that is coming to the
Government.
"If tiie United States Government has a
mortgage on toe railroads, as every one
believes it has. and that mortgage is" due,
why should not the Government take
what belongs to it just as a private citizen
would do when his interests were involved.
Merely asking for the defeat of the fund
ing biil— while it may be a part of our
rights— is not going far enough. The Gov
ernment will eventually own the roads
anyway and it might as well take posses*
sion now as any other time."
A TROLLEY VICTIM.
Camellia Roderiguez Seriously Injured
by a Mission Car.
As car 1086 of the Ingleside division of
the Mission-street line was on its way to
Insleside last night between 8 and 9
o'clock the motorman noticed a man
lying on the inward track near the loot of
College Hill. Car 1006 was approaching
on its way to the City and the man wa9
placed on board and taken to the power
house at Twenty-ninth street. There the
patrol wagon w:is summoned from the>
Seventeenth-street station and he was
taken to the City and County Hospital.
The man said his name was Camellia
Roderiguez and said he was a cigar-maker
living at 12 Hinckley alley. He was walk
ing along the track eating a piece of bread
when a car came up behind him aucl
knocked him down. Both bones of his
right leg were broken and his left elbow
was crushed to pieces, and he appeared to
be suffering from internal injuries. None
of the carmen on the route appeared to
know anything about the accident when
questioned by the police last night. As
the victim is 61 years of age, his injuries
are regarded as being of a very serious
nature.
NEW TO-DAY.
UNDER
Tropical Suns
/rows the most powerfully curative tfcr*.
ticle of ths -vegetable kingdom— Peru-
Tian Bark. It forms the most active in*
gredient in the famous
Peruvian Bitters
a pleasant, palatable remedy unequaled
In the world to restore the appetite*
utimulate sluggish digestive functions,
dispel malarial poisons, promote quiet
nerves and sound sleep, replace, wasted
tissues— in short, to make . the weak
strong and shield the well, from disease.
MACK & CO., San Francisco. Ail