rOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 37.
ANNOUNCES AN
ISSUE OF BONDS
Bids Called For by the
Secretary of the
Treasury.
ONE HUNDRED MILLIONS.
Proposals to Be Received at
Washington on February
Fifth.
TEXT OF THE NOTIFICATION.
Provision Made for Any Issue That
May Be Authorized by
Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.— At mid
night to-night Secretary Carlisle prepared
the following notice, which will be issued
to-morrow :
TREASURY DEPARTMENT, )
W iSHiK&roK, J>. •'. Jan. f>. iS!)t;, v
Office • f the Secretary.)
Notice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received h of the Secretary of
the Treasury at Washington, D. C, until 12
o'clock noon on Wednesday, the sth day of
February, 1896, for the purchase of one hun
dred million ($100,000,000) dollars of United
States 4 per cent coupon and registered bonds,
in denominations of fifty (^SO) dollars and
multiples of thai sum, as may be desired by
bidders. The right to reject any and all bids is
reserved.
The bonds will be dated on the first day of
February. 1895, and be payable i:i coin thirty
year? alter that date, and will bear Interest at
4 per cent per annum, payable quarterly in
ooin, but all coupons maturing on and before
the first day of February, IS!>H, will be de
-1 and purchasers will w required to pay
in United ,-tates gold coin or gold certificates
for the bonds awarded to them, and all inter
rued thereon after the first day of Feb
ruary, 18JH5, ana up to the time of application
for delivery.
J'ayment oi bonds must be made at the
Treasury of the United States, Washington,
D. C, and at the United States sub-treasuries
Ht New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
nnati, Chicago, St. Louis or New Orleans,
or they may be made at San Francisco, with
exchange on New York; and all bids must
Mete what denominations of bonds are de
s-ired, and whether coupons or registered, and
at what place they will be paid for.
Payments may be made by installments as
follows: Twenty per cent (20) upon receipt of
notice of acceptance of bids, aud twenty per
cent ['M per cent; at the end of each ten days
thereafter, Dut all accepted bidders may pay
the whole amount at the date of the first in
stallment, and those who have paid all install
ments previously maturing may pay the whole
amount of their bids at any time not later than
the maturity of the last installment.
The bonds will be ready for delivery on or
before the 15th day of February, 1896.
« is further hereby given that if the is
sue and the sale of additional or different form
of bonds for the maintenance of the gold re
serve shall be authorized by law before the sth
day of February, 1590, sealed proposals for the
purchase of such bonds will also be received at
the time and place and uj> to the same date,
end upon thf same terms and conditions herein
set forth, and such bids will be considered as
well as the bids for the 4 percent bonds herein
mtniiuned. J. G. Carlisle,
Secretary of the Treasury.
STRTLK AX ELECTRIC CAR.
Fatal Collision Occurring on a Railroad
Croaaintr*
ELWOOP, Ixr., Jan. 5.— A collision oc
curred between a Lake Erie and Western
special and an electric car this evening, in
which one man was fatally injured and
four others badly hurt. They were: Chris
Hines, skull crushed, cannot live; John
Noding, motorman, severely bruised;
Mrs. Bright, head and face injured; t^vo
unknown men were dragged under the car
as they were trying to leap oil and suffered
serious injuries. The damage to the street
car company is (15,000.
HARRISON NOT A FACTOR.
Would Decline a Nomination if
It Were Tendered by
His Party.
Ex-Secretary Foster Declares That
Protection Will Be the Repub
lican Watchword.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. s. —The
Tribune to-morrow will print the follow
ing interview with ex-Secretary of the
Treasury Charles Fos ter:
"I can tell you positively," faid the er-
Secretary, "tnat General Harrison does
not want the Presidential nomination nor
would he take it if it was tendered him.
This is hfs present determination. Of
course we cannot tell what the future may
bring fortli. I was in New York a few
days ago and General B. F. Tracy told me
Harrison had told him that under no cir
cumstances would he consent to his name
being placed before the St. Louis con
vention.
"He said he was tired of politics and
was weary of having his name mentioned
in the newspapers. As soon as I had re
turned from New York I wrote General
Harrison a letter, quoting the language
used by General Tracy. He replied to my
letter vary quickly. I will not tell all he
said, but his closing paragraph contained
these words: 'If yon can show me any
reason why I should want the nomination
I might reconsider my determination.' '•
Mr. Foster said that McKinley was the
most formidable candidate, and, as he
represented the protective policy of the
Republican party, 'protection must be the
line we must right our battles on this
year."
Governor McKinley, when told of the
above interview to-night, refused to say
anything about Genera] Harrison's declina
tion. When asked if he previously knew
that Genera! Harrison would not be a can
didate, he declined to answer.
The San Francisco Call.
GOMEZ DEFEATS THE
FORCE OF CAMPOS
Vigorous Onslaught Upon the
Center of the Spanish
Line.
REGULARS ARE SWEPT ASIDE.
The Victorious Army Now Sweeping
Toward the Province of Pinar
Del Rio.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. s.— The insurg
ents are round about this city. ' In fact the
whole island, with the exception of Havana,
is in the hands of Gomez and his men, and
the situation is in their hands.
Havana spent a day of nervousness and
anxiety, and has been in hourly apprehen
sion of an attack by the insurgent army or
a part of it. Yesterday the bands com
manded by Nunez and Bermuda were seen
at Managua, a village noi more than
twelve miles from Havana.
Under General Gomez's direction the
insurgents made a vigorous onslaught
upon the center of General Campos' line
yesterday and after a fierce fight they
swept the Spaniards aside, forced their
way through the line and are now march
ing triumphantiy westward toward the
province of Pinar del Rio.
In this province are the finest tobacco
plantations in Cuba and these are now at
the mercy of the rebels.
The Jand telegraph line between this
city and Batabano, connecting with the
cable from the latter city, has been cut by
the insurgents south of Bejucal.
This cuts off communication between Ha
vana and Cienfuegos, Sancti Spiritus, Pu
erto Principe, Manzanillo and Santiago de
Cuba. 'It also stops telegraphic traffic
with Key West, the West Indies, Vene
zuela and Panama.
AWAIT THE JVXTA.
Cuban* Slay Delay the Taking of the
Capitol.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. s— The Re
corder will say to-morrow morning:
An extraordinary meeting of the Cuban
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 6, 1896.
DOWN THE TOBOGGAN SLIDE AT THE ICE CARNIVAL IN TRUCKEE.
[From a, slx.etcb. made T=>y **. Call staff stxrtlmt. ]
Junta was held yesterday to discuss mat
ters of extreme importance. The niert
ing was held in strict secrecy, and no in
formation as to what took place could be
obtained.
It was, however, gathered at the Cuban
revolutionary headquarters that the sub
ject of discussion was the advisability of
transferring the junta to Cuba, now that
the insurgent army is almost at the gates
of Havana.
Both President Palma and Secretary
! Quesada have expressed their willingness
! to start for Cuba just as soon as General
| Gomez signifies his desire to have the gen
! tlemen of the junta at his side.
It may be stated on the best authority
thai Havana will not be attacked until the
chief members ol the junta are in the field
ready to enter Havana and take possession
of the capital in the name of the Republic
of Cuba.
This part of the programme has posi
tively been decided upon, and, pending
the opportunity for carrying it out, Gen
errl Gomez will continue to circle about
Havana, applying the torch and laying
waste the teiritory.
The latest news from the insurgent camp
states that the otlicers of the Provisional
Government are strongly intrenched in
Puerto Principe, awaiting word from Gen
eral Gomez to advance.
When the time for giving this signal ar
rives, the New York junta, according to
Gomez's plans, will secretly leave for Cuba
and join the provisional government in
the march to Gomez's camp.
A wealthy sympathizer has placed a
swift steel vessel at the disposal of the
junta to convey them to Cuba. This fact
is known to the Spaniards, who have
doubled their force of spies and detectives
in consequence.
ALL WAXT IRRIGATION.
Thotiaandß of Claims for Water Rightt
Filed in A'ebratka.
LINCOLN, Nebb., Jan. s.— The records
of the office, of the secretary of the State
Board of Irrigation show tnat the claims
for water rights are coming in at a rate
which had not been anticipated by the
most ardent enthusiasts among irriga
tionists. It is shown that there have
been claimb filed covering 2.600,000 acres of
land, and it is expected that this will be
increased by May 1, the end of the first
year of the board's work under the new
law. to fully 3,000,000.
Ihe rapidity of the riling of applications i
during the past month is the result of the j
recent decision of the Supreme Court j
which affirmed the constitutionality of |
the new irrigation law passed by the last
Legislature.
VIEW OF THE CITY OF HAVANA. FROM THE SEA.
TRUCKEE UNDER THE
ICE KING'S RULE
Merrymaking in a Crisp Ozone
That Forces the Mercury
Down.
SWIFT TRIPS ON TOBOGGANS.
The Carnival Season in Jack Frost's
Land Has Opened in
Earnest.
PALACE OF THE ICE KIXG,)
10 DEGREES ABOVE ZERO >
TRUCKEE. Cal., Jan. 5. )
Outlined against a black and somewhat
threatening sky, the transparent carnival
castle stands in the glory and glitter of its
electrical illumination. It is a castle not
of ice and not of frost, but of icicles. The
illumination brings out that fact, and
every one of the ice formations — little or
big— is an art work in itself, while no two
in the myriads of them are alike.
At a distance the castle looks like silver,
but brightens with electric clow at the
nearer approach.
The walls gleam as though made of
glass, and every icicle forms a distinct
study in light and shade. See the shadows
that flit past the ice-tapestried windows!
See, there are the skaters who have been
on the ponds all day, but are attracted
to-night by the glory and the glitter of the
Ice King's reception. Truckee shows its
real enthusiasm at last, and it does not
matter that the day is Sunday. Close
inspection of the outer wall reveals beau
ties in the ice work that cannot be seen
from a distance, and as the visitor gazes he
can hardly reassure himself for a moment
that the scene is something more than the
glory and the freshness of a dream.
Beyond there the arc lights mark the
fall of the toboggan way, a ahout starts in
the upner way and shoots down and on
until the voice of the reveler becomes in
distinct in the distance. Another shout
follows and another and another and the
human chain of climbers and tobogganers
is an endless one. From Mcdashun's
torch-lit hill the coasters plunge on the
sleds and "double rippers" and there i 3
rivalry in the sports.
There comes the first strain from the
Truckee brass band. Go into the palace,
for everybody is going that way now. The
grand reception-room of the Ice King is
the bnsy scene to-night. It extends all
around the building, a circuit of 500 feet at
the outer side and the floor is atfout twenty
feet wide. Hundreds of people are there,
the fancy skater and the beginner, men,
women and children, and there is room
for hundreds more. The icicles hang from
the ceiling in countless array; thejwalls
have diamond-like ornaments in every
conceivable form; it is ice everywhere,
within the palace, above, below and all
about.
The spirit of the monarch — the King of
the Icicles — must be merry to-night. Cir
cling, eddying, swaying, tumbling around,
some backward, some forward, some head
over-heels, the merry crowd goes on. So
it will be for weeks and weeks to come, for
this is only the beginning of the real
winter season in Truckee, and the sport
will continue until the frost Kinpr, whose
minions are the shining icicles, goes away
in the spring and takes, in his vanishing,
the weirdness and the adornment of his
winter abode.
A great many of theTruckee people went
skating on the pond this morning and af
ternoon. They had to co, for the visitors
all wanted to skate, and to be hospitable
and stay with them. Besides, most of the
visitors are just learning to skate, and
they require assistance — particularly the
ladies— and again, the people of Truckee
like to skate anyhow. So there were only
six women, seven children and two repre
sentatives of The Call at the village
church, where the Rev. J. J. Pardee, a
young Methodist clergyman of three weeks
experience in the pulpit, began his sermon.
The discourse was appropriate to the
carnival times, the text being from Num
bers 10-29: "Come thou with us and we
will do thee good."
Following out the lino of thought in
dicated in this invitation to all the State,
the young preacher said it was the duty of
his hearers to urge all who would to come.
He told of the straight and narrow way so
pointedly that the listeners' thoughts
flashed out to the toboggan chute, and
then he continued: "We need not be
afraid to invite others to corae with us
and travel in this way."
He reminded his people of the duty to
share with our fellows the good we had,
telling them that in helping those about us
we were helped, and in giving the bJess
ings we were blessed. Again he said:
Continued on Second Page.
RUPTURE IN THE
CANADIAN CABINET
Reported Resignation of Seven
Ministers of the Crown
Confirmed.
NO HOPE FOR RECONCILIATION.
The Division Will Probably Result
in the Defeat of the
Government.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Jan. s.— Th« latest
information that can be obtained to-day
confirms the report that seven Ministers
of the Crown, Messrs. Foster, Haggart,
Tupper, Ives, Montague, Dickey and Wood,
have resigned. There is considerable ex
citement over the rupture, which will
probably result in the defeat of the Gov
ernment.
The two sections of the Ministry, which
are divided over the Manitoba school
question, soem at this stage of the situa
tion to be irreconcilable.
PRETEXTS AN ELECTROCUTION-
A Confession That Saves an Innocent
Man's JAfe.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. s.— John Mc-
Gough, a pal of "Bat" Shea, who was to
have been electrocuted at Dannemora
Prison on Tuesday next for the murder of
Robert Ross in the election riot on March
6, 1694, at Troy, has confessed that it was
not Shea who shot Ross, but that he did it
himself. Governor Morton has decided to
respite Shea until February 4. Shea's
counsel will move immediately for a new
trial.
THE WAR IN ABTSBINIA.
King Menelik Moving Forward With
30,000 Men.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 5.— A dispatch from
Massowah, capital of the Italian colony of
Erythrea, says that King Menelik of
Abyssinia L with 30,000 followers, has ar
rived at L,ake Ashanghi. It is believed
that he intends to make a flank movement
with the object of attempting to cut off
General Baratieri's communication with
Massowah.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SUZERAINTY OF
ENGLAND DENIED
Germany Insists That the
Convention of 1884
Is Void.
BRITONS MUST RECEDE.
Emperor William's Government
Firm in Supporting the
Transvaal.
SALISBURY SLOW TO ACT.
He Has Not Replied to the Defiance
Hurled by the Continental
War Lord.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. s.— Financial
interest continues to be centered in the
prospects of the issuance of an American
loan. The bourses here and in Frankfurt
absorb the bent of the American stocks
which are still being off red for sale in
London, but the. leading operators sbow a
greater disposition to await the definite
announcement of a bond issue. The latest
communications from New York leave the
situation so uncertain that neither the
financial houses nor the operators on the
bourse can advise inquirers.
The correspondent of the United Press
in Frankfort states that American finan
ciers have sounded the bankers there as to
whether a 3-per-cent loan could be placed
at about par. To these inquiries the bank
ers replied that pure coin bonds could not
be placed in Germany even at 4 per cent,
but that 3 per cent gold bonds rnignt be
placed i* they were issued at a price
slighlly under par.
A Berlin financier connected with the
Deutsche Bank group says the group
which is making the offer to take a share
of the American bond issue has an amount
of gold already in the United States suffi
cient to prevent large shipments of gold
from Germany. On every side the feeling
is that things will go slowly until Presi
dent Cleveland acts in the bond matter.
Advices received here from St. Peters
burg say that M. DeWitt, the Russian
Minister of Finance, has definitely denied
that Russia has offered to the United
States ihe cash advances referred to in the
story recently published in a St. Peters
burg dispatch to the Tageblatt, a story
which nobody credited.
Another story comes from St. Peters
burg, alleging that Prince Lobanoff Ros
tovsky, the Russian Minister of Foreign
Affairs, has declared, with all possible
feelings of good will toward the United
States, that the Czar would never recog
nize the Monroe doctrine, and, in regard
thereto, had taken a position similar to
that assumed by Germany and England.
This story has not yet been affirmed or de
nied.
Sir F. C. Lascelles, British Embassador
to Germany, has of late had daily inter
views with the Chancellor, Prince yon
Hohenlohe, and these conferences have
led to a much calmer tone in official cir
cles and in the articles published in the
semi-official newspapers. The violent
tone displayed by the English press, es
pecially in their tirades against the Kaiser,
does not agree with the character of the
communicaiions received at the Foreign
Office from Lord Salisbury, the British
Foreign Minister, who protests his inno
cence of all knowledge of the plans of the
chartered South African Company, and de
clares the determination of Great Britain
to act strictly in accordance with the
terms of the Transvaal treaties, concluded
in 1881 and 1884. If Lord Salisbury intends
to remonstrato against the congratulatory
message sent to President Kruger by the
Kaiser, he is obviously taking his time to
ponder over the manner in which he will
do it, as so far nothing has been heard at
NEW TO-DAY.
Froebel, the great promoter of the kin-
dergarten system of teaching children saidt
"Let parents not live for their children, but
with them." The mother who understands
this sentiment lives with, even her unborn
child. She studies to be wise about herself
and the little life she is fostering. She does
all she can to give her child a fair start in
life, by giving it a strong well developed
body. All through babyhood, childhood
and youth she lives with her son or hef
daughter. Especially her daughter she will
keep near her. She will allow no false
modesty to stand in the way of that daugh-
ter's knowledge of herself, of her possibili-
ties, of her perils. She will teach her that
happy, healthful motherhood is an honor,
a blessing. That sickness is a mistake, a
breaking of nature's law. But there are
times of unavoidable overdoing when the
system becomes run-down.
For over thirty years Dr. Pierce has used
his " Favorite Prescription " as a strength-
ener, a purifier, a regulator. It works
directly upon the delicate, distinctly femi-
nine organs, in a natural, soothing way. It
searches out the weak spots; and builds
them up. It is beneficial in any state of the
system. A woman who would understand
herself will find an able assistant by send-
ing 21 cents to the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. V., for Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
It is a book that has reached its 680 th thou-
sand. It contains in its_ 1008 pages an im-
mense store of information in plain words
that any person will readily understand.
Mr. O. G. Spear, of Sand Bank, Oswego O>..
Nevt York, testifies in this wise: "Our first
child was born before my wife was sixteen years
old. Afterward her health was very poor. Sht
tried Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. She
gained flesh and strength by using two bottles.
'During the last few wefeks of her second prey-
nancy she again used the " Prescription." Her
confinement was a rapid and easy one, sad sh«
got u£ strong and well."2
the Foreign Office as to how the Govern
ment of Great Britain will treat what the
English press calls a deadly insult which
justifies war.
Nothing appears likely to cause any al
teration in the attitude of Germany in re
spect to her resolve to support the Trans
vaal republic in declaring the convention
of 1884 void and thus enabling the Boers to
obtain their independence of England.
The contention of Germany is that the
convention of 1884 must lapse, and that
the new relations of England with the
Transvaal must give the latter the right to
direct and uncontrolled intercourse with
the other powers.
The United Press obtained last evening
an interview with Dr. Leid, the Secretary
of State of the South African Republic, who
is now in Berlin. It was the South African
Company and the Ithodes and Barnato
groups, he said, that provoked the trouble
In the Transvaal, aiming to overthrow
President Kruger and replace him with a
creature of Cecil Rhodes', and then,
through the agency of the new President,
annex the Transvaal to the Cape Colony.
The movement was associated with plans
of throwing the markets into disorder
and acquiring good stocks at the lowest
figures.
The Boers, Dr. Lied said, would treat
the prisoners they captured in the battle
with Dr. Jameson and his followers hu
manely despite the fact that they were
brigands and that the Boers were aware
that the men had been secretly armed by
Khodes and their knowledge of the nature
of the support given to Jameson by
Rhodes. Dr. Lied entertains hopes that
lie will be able to obtain an audience with
the Emperor. As yet he has been able to
see' the Foreign Secretary only.
The authorities at the Foreign Office
deny that the Transvaal Government has
asked Germany to assume a protectorate
over the South African Republic. Austria
has no special interest in South Africa,
but she, nevertheless, supports the idea of
Germany's intervention in the Transvaal.
The Vienna newspapers continue ex
pressing the hope that the powers will
take advantage of the present opportunity
to curb British encroachments.
The court will leave Potsdam on Janu
ary 11 for the Schloss in Berlin. The
court season will then open and last seven
weeks, the imperial family leaving on
February 2~ lor Abbazia. The New Year's
day functions were devoid of any special
features. There was a heavy snowstorm
on the previous night and the cafes were
closed by 11 o'clock. A strong police force
was abroad and prevented the old-time
noisy demonstrations. No "horse play"
was allowed as formerly, and the people
who were about at midnight quietly ex
changed "Prosit Neujahr" and passed on.
The consequence was that there were
fewer arrests than has ever been known
upon a similar occasion.
The Kaiser's New Year reception was
also devoid of interest. In talking with
the Einbassadors who called upon him
the Emperor made no reference to politics
and confined his conversation wnolly to
>ocial topics. United States Embassador
Runyon had a pleasant chat with the
Emperor, who inquired about the health
of President Cleveland and asked the
Embassador how he hims-elf had enjoyed
the holidays.
In conversing with the generals at the
arsenal the Emperor conlined himself to
matters of military detail and expressed
the hope that the coming autumn military
maneuvers would be as grand and success
ful as those held at Stettin last year, which
had redounded greatly to the advantage of
tne German army.
Baron Hanimerstein, the fugitive ex
editor of the Kreuz Zeitung, who was ar
rested in Athens last week by the German
police, is still in custody in Italy. The
formalities involved in the securing of his
extradition will occupy a fortnight. He
is being closely watched for fear that he
may commit suicide. His wife and two
daughters are with him. The Baroness
has written a letter to a friend in which
she saws:
"After being duped by others, my hus
band possibly Decame a deceiver himself.
We have lost everything, but legal action
against him will prove more disagreeable
to others than to us."
It becoming known that Hammerstein's
wife had joined him people have asked
what has become of Flora Gaes. It has
been learned that she has gone to Basle.
Switzerland, where she is staying with her
mother. Flora is well educated and prior
to her association with Harumerstein was
employed upon the editorial staff of the
Basle Grenzboten.
The German group proposing to take the
new American loan held a meeting in the
offices of the Deutsche Bank on Saturday
and will hold another meeting on Monday,
when it is expected that tney will definite
ly arrange a deal with the London firms
to co-operate in securing gold to the
amount of $25,000,000, with the option of
securing an additional $25,000,000 if it
should be required. It is understood that
in New York a number of German houses
are de?irous of sharing in the operations
of the group.
Under the presidency of Duke Albreoht
and Mecklenburg, committes.-> arc being
formed in Berlin, Hambarg and other
German cities for the purpose of collect
ing funds for the relief of the P.oer fami
lies who are sufferine as the result of the
warlike operations in the Transvaal. Al
ready £140,000 has been subscribed.
Several German insurance companies
have joined the American company in de
manding a revision of the insurance regu
lations.
J. B. Jackson, United States secretary
of the embassy, bas returned to his duties
at the embassy after spending his holi
days in Vienna. Charles de Kay, United
States Consul-General here, will give a
dance at his private residence on January
ti. Mr. King and wife, of Cleveland, Ohio,
are registered here.
HURL BACK DEFIANCE.
Britons Bitterly Resent the Interference
of Gertnatt;/.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. s.— The reporters
of the Morning Post and Daily News tele
graph that Germans are now less unani
mous in their approval of Emperor Wil
liam's message.
The Times will to-morrow say that Mr.
Chamberlain's statement that Great Brit
ain would adhere to the convention of
1884 was concise and adequate, and would
receive the hearty and undivided supoort
of the people of Great Britain, who were
prepared to defend their just claims an 1
repel pretensions inconsistent therewith,
no matter from how exalted a quarter they
might come. Great Britain could not for
a moment admit that Germany had any
locus standi in the matter. The paper
adds:
We are exhorted in the German press to
secure our position in the world by concil
iating those who can do us the most in
jury. When we need that kind of advice
we shall probably seek it in quarters
possessing greater claims to our confidence
and respect. Our reapproachment would
not be with Germany, but with powers she
regards not wholly without apprehension.
Cold-Storage I'lant Jluined.
SHEBOYGAN. Wis., Jan. s.— Fire last
night ruined the plant of the cold-storage
company, causing more or less damage by
water to the contents, which are valued at
1 100,000. Origin of fire is unknown.
BOERS ARE LENIENT
Their President Answers
Chamberlain's Plea
for Mercy. •
PRISONERS NOT SHOT.
Will Be Given a Trial Accord
ing to the Traditions of
the Republic.
SCATHING WORDS OF KRUGER.
British Freebooters and the English
Press Excoriated by the
Transvaal Ruler.
LONDON, Esc, Jan. s.— Late news
from the Transvaal is most anxiously
awaited here, but none has been received
to-day that causes any appreciable lessen
ing of the feeling of anxiety prevailing. It
may be that some information will be re
ceived later, but the outlook is not very
bright, as the telegraph lines are still con
trolled by the Government for its own use,
and if any news filters through there is no
way to positively conh'rrn or deny it. A
dispatch received to-day from President
Kruger, while stating that he had not
ordered the captured invaders to be shot,
still leaves their future fate in doubt. His
statement that they would be treated in
sharp contrast to their own acts, affords
the hope that eventually most, if not all of
them, will be set free, after undergoing the
punishment that dispassionate observers
here believe they richly merit.
It is believed in some quarters, however,
that the anger of the Boers against the
leaders of the invading force will have
more or less influence on the tribunal be
fore which the Englishmen will be tried,
and that nothing will suffice to allay the
excitement except a sentence of death. In
this event, all the influence of the British
Government will undoubtedly be exerted
to secure a commutation, and President
Kruger's pacific messace leads to the hope
that in the event of Dr. Jameson and the
other leaders being condemned to be shot
or hanged, under military law. the inter
cession of the British Government will
lead President Kruger to commute the
death penalty to imprisonment.
The Government has made public the
following cable dispatches relative to the
invasion of the Transvaal and the capture
by the Boers of the invaders: On Janu
ary ;; the Right Kon. Joseph Chamberlain
cabled President Kruger of tne South
African Republic as follows:
"It is rumored here that you have or
dered the prisoners to be shot. I do not i
believe the rumors. I rely on your gener- I
osity in your hour of victory."
To-day the Hon. t"ecil Rhodes, Prime
Minister of Cape Colony and the head in '
Africa of the British South Africa Com
pany, sent a dispatch reading*
"The rumor that a force is collecting in
Buluwayo is absolutely false."
President Kruger, replying to Mr.
Chamberlain's dispatch, cabled:
"I have not ordered the freebooters who >
are prisoners to be shot. Their case will
be considered strictly in accordance with
the traditions of the republic, and in sharp I
contrast to the unheard-of acts of these
freebooters. So many lies and false rep
r.sentations are published in the influen
tial newspapers in England that I deem it
advisable to add that the freebooter
prisoners have been treated with the
greatest consideration by our burghers, i
despite the fact that the latter have been |
more than once compelled to take up arms '
in defense of the dearly-bought inde
pendence of our republic.
"I hope you will kindly pardon the lib- |
erty I am taking when I say that our con
fidence in Rhodes has received such a rude
shock that his repudiation of the proceed- |
ings at Buluwayo ought to be received j
with the greatest caution. Even now we ■
have news that an armed force is collect- j
ing on our borders. If this is true, I trust j
that no word of Rhodes, but the influence
of the government, will suffice to prevent
further incursions. Will you, with a view j
to checking further lying reports, publish !
this?"
Mr. Chamberlain replied :
"I thank you for your message, which I
will publish as you desire. The press has
not given credence to the rumors about
cruelty to prisoners. I have always been
confident of your magnanimity. I have
sent an imperial officer to Buluwayo to see
that my orders are obeyed and to prevent
v further raid. You may rest conlident
that I will strictly uphold all the obliga
tions of the London convention of 1884."
THE BOERS WERE WARXEH.
Ateare That Rhodes Was Planning the
Subjugation of the Transvaal.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 5.— A cable dis
patch from Johannesburg, dated Decem
ber 30, has been received at the office in
this city of the Johannesburg Standard,
stating that in reply to an address pre
sented to him by a deputation President
Kruger said that the Government would
remove the duties on food stuffs. He also
promised that equal subsidies would be
given to all schools whatever language
might be taught in them, and that the
franchise would be made more liberal.
Nevertheless in the quarters of the capi
talists scheming is going on for hostilities
against the Government. Respectable
merchant? of all nations are combining
to circumvent the aims of Cecil Rhodes.
The merchants are forming a brigade to
protect life and property.
The wives and children of the capital
ists left days ago. Secret enlisting is pro
ceeding and lectures on their political
grievances are being given to the miners.
Colonel Rhodes, a brother of Cecil Rhodes,
Lionel Phelps and Charles Leonard, three
prominent capitalists, were asked to say
that they disapproved of a revolution, but
they made no reply. The community
fears the worst, but is prepared to defeat
the conspiracy.
In the meantime the Boer Government
behaves admirably and allows the Ireest
speech. The loafers already admit that
they are in the pay of the capitalists. It
is undoubtedly a clear case of an attempt
to pick a quarrel and grab the golden
treasure of the Transvaal. ~
#MEPAItJ2 FOR ATTACK.
S.ilinhury and Bis Colleagues Strengthen
ing British Forces,
LONDON, Eng., Jan. s.— The People,
the weekly edition of the Globe, which is
in touch wita the Government, Bays there
is reason to believe that Prime Minister
Salisbury and his colleagues, owing to the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
I hostile attitude of Germany, will consider
i the expediency of immediately strength
i filing the British forces in those parts of
I the empire that are exposed to attack.
Field Marshal Lord Wolseley, commander
in-chief of the forces, has given it as his
firm opinion that if forces are sent abroad
I it will be necessary to re-enforce the troops
lat home. It is, therefore, likely that the
! militia and arniy reserves will be called
out, to such an extent at least as to place
one army corps at the disposal of the War
i Office for foreign service.
The Central News says that the Govern
ment is determined not to permit Ger
| many to give military assistance to the
1 Transvaal.
CAUSE OF THIS TJtOUBZE.
Drawings for Gold Claims Xot Satisfac
tory to English-ntcn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. Among
the visitors to Washington at the present
time is W. W. Sterling, a business man of
Johannesburg, in the Transvaal, South
Africa, the center of the present disturb
ances.
He says, in a local paper, that the diffi
culty originated in June last over draw
ing for claims to gold mines at Wnitfon
tain and Luipaard Vloi, about twenty-live
miles from Johannesburg. The Boers
seem to have had the best of it in the
drawings, which were made according to
their peculiar laws, and fights for pos
session followed..
The capitalists were dissatisfied, es
pecially the English, and Mr. Sterling be
lieves that England is backing the claims
of her subjects, with the intention eventu
ally of seizing the country. Much of the
discontent comes from the English cap
italists, who make fortunes out of their
investments, but still object to the pay
ment of the heavy duties levied on im-
ports, especially machinery for mines.
The Boers, Mr. Sterling says, are splen
did fighters, being able to muster about
7000 able-bodied men. He believes the na
tives will certainly fight for the Boer 9,
whom they at the same time fear and love
because they are well treated.
There are about 500 Americans in Jo
! hannesburg, Mr. Sterling says. Out of re
spect for them the last Fourth of July was
widely celebrated in that city as a holiday.
The Boers had their flags flying from pub
! lie buildings, but certain of the English
I pulled them down and a general fight fol
i lowed.
MACK EXZIE WAJSTS WAR.
Advocates the Recall of the Hritish JEin
"-_;,". bassador 'From Berlin-
LONDON, Exg.. Jan. s.— James Macken
zie McLean, M. P. for the Cardiff District
and proprietor of the Cardiff Western
Mail, has written an article for that paper
in which he says: .-' '—..'Jff' '■
"Emperor William's message to Paul
Krnger, President of the South African
Republic, is as deadly and as unprovoked
an insult as was ever offered to the head of
a great European power, and to a nation of
equal rank. In the face of these repeated
insults from foreign powers, the time
has come to use more effective means
of retaliation than protests that are con
spicuous for prudence and moderation.
The temper of the English people is ris
ing. The murmurs among Lord Salis
bury's friends in both houses of Parlia
ment are becoming louder and deeper
daily.
"Emperor William, in proclaiming the
right of the Transvaal to receive assistance
from Germany, has tramped upon inter
national law and violated the convention
of 1884. It is the clear duty of Lord Salis
bury to demand the withdrawal of the
offensive telegram. If it is not canceled he
should immediately recall the British Em
bassador from Berlin."
should iiauT for country.
Warlike S'ertnon Jielicered by the Bishop
of London.
LONDON, EOT., Jan. s.— The Right
Honorable and Right Rev. Frederick Tem
ple, Bishop of London, preached in St.
Paul's Church to-day, taking his text from
St. Mark, xiii:7: "And when ye shall hear
of wars may ye not be troubled; for such
things must needs be; but the end shall
not be yet."
The selection of this text is much com
mented upon. The Bishop declared that it
was clearly the duty of Christians to al
ways help their country to fight for the
right at whatever cost. The existing ex
citement was more likely to increase than
diminish, out Christians need not trouble
themselves, for they were in God's hands,
wuo was sure to work out his eternal pur
pose through tne action of mankind.
ADTICE TO *;XGZA.y.n.
Should Realize That There la a Europe,
Even in Africa.
PARIS, France, Jan. s.— The Temps
asks Great Britain to immediately and
absolutely revoke the charter of the British
South Africa Company, and, continuing,
says:
"France has no idea of humiliating
Great Britain, with whom she entertains
friendly relations, nor falling in line be
hind Emperor but Great Britain I
ought to recognize that there is a Europe. !
even in Africa."
EMPEROIt ff 11,1.1 AM THAXKEI).
President Krug&r'a lieplij to His Mes
sage of Congratulation.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 5. — President
Kruger has, in reply to Emperor Wil
liam's message, cabled the following from
Pretoria: . X;Am
"I testify to your Majesty my very deep
and heartfelt thanks for your Majesty's
sincere congratulations, with Goers help
we hope to do everything possible for
holding our dearly bought independence,
and the stability of our beloved republic.
RHODES HAS RESHISEIt.
Strange Move on the Part of the Cape
Colony Autocrat.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 5.— A dispatch
from Cape Town, dated December 31, says
that Mr. Rhodes had tendered his resigna
tion of the office of Prime Minister of Cape
Colony to Sir Hercules Robinson, the
Governor of the Colony, but that the lat
ter had not accepted it.
VICI OKI FOH STRIICERB.
Terms of Employe* Met by a Railroad
Company.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. s.— The strike at
the Western New York and Pennsylvania
Railroad shops here is settled, and the
men will return to work to-morrow. The
strikers held a mass-meeting this evGning
at which the strike was formally declared
off. The company agrees that no more
men will be discharged on account of lack
of work, but that the hours of labor be re
duced, and they may belong to labor
unions.
STILI. AN A3IERIGAN.
Entbassador Ttayard Will Not HrsUle
PertuttnetUly in England.
WILMINGTON, Del., Jan. 5.-Thomas
F. Bayard Jr., son of Embassador Bayard,
when seen with reference to the report
cabled from London recently that it was
the intention of Mr. Bayard to remain
permanently in England after the conclu
sion of his official term, said:
"The thing is absurd. It is absurd for a
moment to imagine that he. with all the
interests he has here and at this time of
life should think of making his home in
England."
ENGLAND IN ERROR
Henry Norman Adds to His
Venezuelan Bound
ary Expose.
DEFENDS HIS POSITION.
Great Britain's Contention in the
Dispute Is Without
Foundation.
NEW LIGHT FOR THE BRITONS.
The Correspondent of the London
"Chronicle" Defines AmerU
can Sentiment.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 6.— The American
correspondent of the London Daily Chroni
cle, Henry Norman, telegraphs to that
paper as follows: The London corre
spondents of American papers having re
vealed my identity here I have been over
whelmed by expressions of sympathy and
thanks to the Chronicle for putting the
American case and opinion before the
British public. All the papers comment
most kindly.
As I have tried to explain Americans be-
Heye that their attitude of demanding ar
bitration is one with which civilized men
must sympathize. In support of this the
whole Union, if needful, will speak with
absolutely one voice.
At the same time there is here an in
finite desire to see an immediate and ami
cable settlement. I have to-day talked
with several men who are being denounced
in New York as jingoes and the above are
their earnest sentiments. The people sim
ply cannot understand Lord Salisbury's
attitude.
A Senator said to me to-day that he
thought the same as if a millionaire quar
reled with his intimate friend, because he
had lost 10 cent 3 in his house. I repeat
with every ounce of influence I possess,
that everybody here worth considering de
sires peace. If Lord Salisbury can find a
way to make the slightest advances toward
the recognition of the American attitude
he will be received with wide-open arms.
I will quote a single example of the readi
ness of American opinion to coalesce with
that of England:
The New York Sun, the most outspoken
paper in deiiant defense of Americanism,
gives the greatest prominence to my last
dispatch, and its message from London
apropos the Transvaal begins as follows:
"It is great and inspiring news which Eng
land gives the world to-day. It is the news
of the recovery of national virility and the
revival of nationai valor. The epoch
making imperial telegram from Berlin has
roused Great Britain as nothing has stirred
British spunk and patriotism in this gen
eration."
When the most anti-English journal in
the United States speaks like this.it is
ciear how little stands in the way of com
plete conciliation. The responsibility of
any man or Ministry holding back at such
a moment when England needs eVery
friend she hus for the sake of mere dignity
or obstinate adhesion to the letter of diplo
macy Is appalling to contemplate.
Regarding the Aberdeen dispatches and
the Schomburg line, I must explain my
attitude. I assert nothing, my means of
information being obviously limited. 1
simply invite refutation of the statement
that the correspondence I cable proves
that England in 1346 freely admitted the
Schomburg line to be destitute of any au
thority or validity as the basis of a territo
rial claim. The New "York Evening Post,
indulging in some clever fooling at my ex
pense, quotes Lord Aberdeen's letter of
March 30, 1844, which states that England,
by removing the boundary posts, did not
cede any rights which she might consider
herself authorized to claim in the future.
Unless a better retort is possible, my posi
tion is indeed unassailable.
I base my contention upon the British
official statements at the actual time the
boundary posts were removed. No ex-post
facto explanation three years later can
affect this. If England made any condi
tion when she ordered the practical de
struction of the Schomburg line in 1841, in
response to the repeated arguments, de
mands and insistence of the Venezuelan
Government, then let us have the official
correspondence containing those conten
tions. If these cannot be produced then
my documents and contentions hold the
field.
But the question at stake is dually big
ger than such arguments or any promis
cuous discussion of the Monroe doctrine.
The American Government and people
would be perfectly willing, and indeed glad,
to see England secure any amount of
Veuezuelan territory if her claim is ca
pable of historical and diplomatic proof.
They are willing to meet England in any
direction and to any extent in finding
a competent tribunal to determine this.
They ask only that Lord Salisbury's blunt
refusal and President Cleveland's menaces
alike be set aside and forgotten. They re
gard the demand for arbitration as the
Bacred right of a great, powerful Nation,
standing on what it believes to be a mat
ter of principle.
WAX OUT OF THE QUESTION.
The London Chronicle's Comments Upon
Xorman'a Message.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. s.— Commenting
on the effect produced by its dispatches
from Washington anent the Venezuelan
dispute the Chronicle will to-morrow say:
We are aware of the magnitude of our
Commissioners task and the difficulties
which beset him, but we lay down two
general propositions, both testifying to
the soundness of this case. The first is to
accept a situation where it is impossible
for any self-respecting statesman to govern
the British empire with honor. "War with
America is to be ruled out of the category
of things which can even be considered.
The second proposition is to avoid the
danger of either party shutting the door.
The Government which makes the first
practical advance toward conciliation will
win the earliest honors in the controversy.
The Daily News in its issue to-morrow
will say tnat there is nothing offensive to
Great Britain in the instructions given to
the Venezuelan High Commission. It
adds that since serious difficulty may arise
when the commission reports Lord Salis
bury might reasonably suggest to the
American Government some method of
arriving at an honorable settlement.
Why, it asks, should not Lord Salisbury,
as a friendly act, without prejudice, place
the whole evidence of the Colonial Office
at the disposal of the commission?
FROriBIJSG A. HEFVQE.
Americana to Aid Armenians in Zeav
- . ing Turkey.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. — A meeting of
Chicago citizens interested in the Arme
nian troubles was held in Central Music
Hall this afternoon. About 2000 men and
women attended. George B. Swift. Mayor
of Chicago, presided. The object of the
meeting was to devise some means of aid
ing the Armenians in 1 a practical way,
Clara Barton, president of the Red Cross
Society, and Frederick D. Green were
present ana among the speakers of the af
ternoon.
A small sum of money raised by collec
tion will be turned over to the Red Cross
Society to help in sending a relief commit
tee to Armenia. A committee of twenty
was ordered appointed by the Mayor of
the city, as chairman of the meeting, to
formulate plans for the emigration of the
Armenians to a place of safety and to con
sider means of immediate assistance to
the Armenians in connection with the
movement of the Red Cross Society.
The speakers of the occasion were Rev.
A. R. White, Hon. Thomas A. Moran,
Hon. George E. Adams, General O. O.
Howard, Dr. P. 8. Henson, Mr. Green and
Miss Barton. At the close of the meeting
it was unanimously agreed that the fol
lowing cablegram be sent to her Majesty
the Queen of Great Britain and Empress
of India, and to the Czar of Russia:
We have been looking with horror at the de
liberate aitcmpt to exterminate a peaceful and
historic people, the Armenians. The policy
and traditions of our people are against our
interference by force of arms. We, as citizens
of Chicago, in mass- meeting assembled, as fel
low Christians with a common ancestry, ap
peal to you to atop this continued wholesale
slaughter.
If circumstance which your Government
cannot control render this impossible in
Turkey, we respectfully suggest that you, with
or without the co-operation of other powers,
endeavor to arrange for the bringing of the
Armenians to the coast and thence to come
country where their lives will be spared.
We pledge you the co-operation of our peo
ple in this undertaking in every possible way.
We are sure such hard and industrious and
frugal tillers of the soil, if cared for until they
become accustomed to their new environ
ments, would be gladly welcomed by the peo
ple of the United States or other countries.
George B. Swift, Chairman.
The meeting was an enthusiastic one,
and the people present went away feeling
that they had done something which
would eventually aid the Armenians.
TRUCKEE UNDER THE
ICE KING'S RULE,
Continued from First Page.
"We must not labor under the delusion
that we can stand alone."
Another pretty bit of the figurative dis
course was this: "The clouds directed
their general journeyings, but not the ex
cursions that they were all the time making
up to one side. They, therefore, need such
a person as Hobab to direct tbem on these
trips, who was well acquainted with the
wilderness to point out watering-places
and the like."
Verily, a Hobab is needed to direct some
of tbe looked-for excursions this way, and
to point out not only the icicle palace,
but the famous watering-places in the
the Sierra wilderness. There was no choir
in the church, and even the organist was
away, but valiantly the slender and youth
ful clergyman sang us a solo, the conclud
ing hymn embodying the excursion hopes
of the carnival managers.
Some one will enter the pearly gate,
By and by, by and by.
Taste of the pleasures that there await,
Shall you? Shall I?
Visitors continue to come on every train,
and it Is expected thai the town will be
well tilled this week.
VISIT FRESNO'S FAIR.
The Citrus Fruit Exhibit Praised by Guests
From Other Portions of the
State.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. s.— The third day
of the citrus fair was by far the most suc
cessful in point of attendance. There
were GOO people present this evening, when
a sacred concert was rendered by Justy's
band, besides a number of vocal and in
strumental solos by local talent. Enthus
iasm over the success of the fair and the fine
exhibits of the county's capabilities in the
citrus fruit line has not abated in the
least.
The large, luscious, clean and healthy
looking fruit continue to elicit expressions
of surprise. There have been a number of
visitors from various parts of the State and
all pronounce the fair equal to anything of
the kind they have ever seen.
Fulton G. Berry, an extensive citrus
fruit grower of the county and one of the
leading promoters of the fair, was seen by
a Call representative to-night. Said Mr.
Berry:
"The fair has proved to be a great success
— more ho than we expected. Had we
known that we could make such an effect
ive display, we should have arranged to
run excursions from the northern and
southern parts of the State. The benefits
that will accrue from the fair cannot be
overestimated. Our own people have been
taught an excellent lesson, as they did not
realize before that we are destined to be
one of the leading citrus-fruit counties in
the State. The education of our own peo
ple will naturally have a valuable effect in
bringing the adaptabilities of the county
for raising citrus fruits to the notice of
outsiders.
"Two well-known orange-growers, one
from Los Angeles and the other from San
Diego, visited the fair last night, and they
told me that our fruit averages with the
best of their country. One strong point in
our favor is that while fruits in Southern
California suffered during the recent frosts,
not one particle of injury was done in this
county. Mind yon, we are giving this fair
three weeks after the crop has been mar
keted."
Alexander Goldstein, president of the
Cham her of Commerce, expressed himself
as greatly satisfied with the fair. "It has
clearly been proven," said he, 'that we
can raiae citrus fruits. Our fair is as good
as any ever held in the State, and its pro
motion was one of the most valuable and
successful affairs ever undertaken by the
Chamber of Commerce."
August Weifae, the San Francisco capi
talist, who is also an extensive property
owner of this county, arrived on this even
ing's train, and was among the visitors at
the fair to-night.
"1 am much surprised at the quality of
the fruit exhibited here," aaid he. "These
oranges are as tine as can be found any
where, and, in my opinion, Fresno will in
a few years have a reputation as an orange
center. In the valley oranges can not be
grown very successfully, but no place in
the world is better adapted to raising
citrus fruits than the extensive thermal
belt along the foothills in the eastern part
of this county."
ELVING FOR DEAD
Grewsome Task of Rescuers
at the Anna Lee
Mine.
RELATIVES LOSE HOPE.
Slight Chance That Any of the
Entombed Men Escaped
Death.
MANAGER HARNAN IS ALIVE.
He Had Come to the Surface on
the Last Trip Before the
Accident.
COLORADO SPRINGS, C0i.0., Jan. 5.—
The work of rescuing the eight imprisoned
miners who were caught in the awful
cave-in at the Anna Lee mine at Victor
yesterday morning, and which has been
prosecuted as rapidly as the extremely
dangerous condition of affairs will permit,
continues. Victor and the entire Cripple
Creekdistrict are stillfliscussing the terrible
accident, which will no doubt prove a
salutary lesson to mine-owners, whose
sole purpose has been to extract the great
est amount of ore, regardless of the
safety of human life. Victor was crowded
all day with people, and the Anna Lee
mine has been surrounded by hundreds oi
anxious friends and relatives, who were
eager to learn the latest developments,
which, as the hours slowly rolled by, be
came more and more discouraging, dissi
pating the last lingering hope enter
tained that some of the imprisoned men
might be rescued alive.
The drift from the seventh level of the
Scranton mine, whicli was started soon
after the cave-in occurred and which was
cut through thirty-live feet of solid gran
ite, reached the Anna Lee shaft at 11:30
last night. From this point down a dis
tance of 200 feet the Anna Lee shaft is
open and t!ie work of removing the creat
masses of tock and broken timbers was
begun. The debris is being dropped to the
bottom of the Lee shaft and when this is
filled the rescue work will be greatly re
tarded, owing to the fact that the wreck
age will have to be carried through and
hoisted from the Scranton.
The cave-in starts at a depth of thirty
five feet, and extends down 700 feet, and at
the point where the Scranton level cuts
through the Lee shaft is one solid mass of
jammed rock and timbers, which indicates
too well what a crushed and mangled con
dition the lost miners must be in.
At 4:30 p. m. a telephone message esti
mated that the imprisoned cage was still
fifteen feet above.
General Manager John Hainan, who was
at first reported as lost, is alive, he having
come up on the last trip before the acci
dent. A full and correct list of the men in
tbe mine follows: Thomas Sheldon,
assistant superintendent, leaves widow and
three children at Denver; \W . E. Loane,
foreman, leaves widow; Joe Dunsmore,
leaves widow and child ; Thomas Ilarnun,
single; Patrick May, single; Jack Maloy,
sinele; Frank McQuirk, single.
The lives of all the men are insured, the
Portland Company's rules making it com
pulsory for all of its employe? taking this
precaution for the protection of their
families in case of accident or death.
TWO CALIFORNIA CASES
Validity of the Irrigation Law
Soon to Be Decided at
Washington.
The Suit Against the Stanford Es
tate Will Come Up This
Month.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. s.— The Su
preme Court of the United States will re
assemble to-morrow after a fortnight's
holiday recess. The list of cases assigned
for hearing this month contains some nota
ble ones, and the arguments will be likely
to attract unusual attention.
Among them are what are known as the
irrigation-bond cases from California, one
from the Supreme Court of the State and
one from the Circuit Court of the United
States of the District of California.
They involve the constitutionality of
the law authorizing the organization of
irrigation districts and tho issue of bonds
by the trustees of the same, and the con
sequent validity of about $20,000,000 of
these bonds. The State courts have up
held the law and the Federal court has
said it was unconstitutional.
Ex-President Harrison is expected to ap
pear in this case, which will probably oc
cupy the attention of the court in the
week beginning January 20.
In the same week the famous case of the
United States vs. the administratrix of
the estate of the late Senator Stanford of
California will probably be heard.
The interests of Mrs. Stanford and of
the University will be presented by Joseoh
H. Choate, the famous New York attor
ney, whose last appearance before the
Supreme Court of the United States was
in the income-tax case, which he won.
«. . 
Will Establish I'etiitentiarirs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 5.-Up On
NEW TO-DAY.
Wonders
never
cease!
The latest wonder is a drugstore
with actually no fancy prices.
COLD WEATHER COMFORT :
Chest Protectors, 50c, 75c, $1.
Hot- Water Bottles, 60c, 80c. $1.
Toronto Club Malt Whiskey (sole
agents), zsc, 50c, 75c, $1.
TBE WONDER DRUGSTORE
*'JLETCJHER & CO.,
1028 Market Street.
Try the "Wonder Cough Cure."
recommendation of Attorney-General Har
mon, there will be introduced in Congress
a bill to establish four United States peni
tentiaries-one in the East, one in the
South, one at Leavenworth, Kas., and cne
on the Pacific Coast. United States pris
oners are now incarcerated in State insti
tutions.
"CIXCIXXATI WILL WIS."
Colonel Bright on the Location of the
Democratic Convention.
WASHINGTON, P. C, Jan. s.— Colonel
R. J. Bright, sergeant-at-arms of the
Senate, said to The Call correspondent
to-night that he believed the National
Democratic Convention would be held in
Cincinnati. Bright is anxious for it to go
there, not only because it is centrally lo
cated, but because, he says, "I would
rather it would be held anywhere than in
Chicago. I would rather be doorkeeper of
hades than sergeant-at-arms of the con
vention if it is held in Chicago.
"At the convention hel<? there in 1884 I
had to employ Pinkerton detectives to
prevent rascally Aldermen, Councilmen
and Cook County Commissioners from
packine the convention.
"They were allowed so many tickets ana
endeavored to admit many who did not
have the necessary pasteboard, but with
the aid of detectives their schemes were
frustrated. I have been in attendance at
three conventions held in Cincinnati, and
want to say that it is just the place for a
National convention as regards hotel ac
commodations, reasonable rates and tele
graphic facilities, the last of which is a
very important consideration in my
opinion.
"Of course, New York will put up a
game n-<ht. It is said that Whitney,
Grace, Harrity and other big guns of the
party are working tooth and nail for the
metropolis, but I believe that Cincinnati
will win, as she ought to."
FIRE DESTROYS A HOTEL
Five Men Are Caught by a
Falling Wall and One Is
Instantly Killed.
Guests of a Burning Hostelry Have
a Narrow Escape From
Cremation.
ALTOONA, Pa., Jan. s.— The Central
Hotel, a six-story brick, and the three
story brick building owned by George
Streitver, occupying half a block on Eltev
enth avenue, were destroyed by tire early
this morning, five men were caught by a
falling wall. Frank Hausman was in-
Btantly killed and William Wareham
seriously injured. The other three es
caped with cuts. The monetary loss is
about |140,000.
The tire originated in the hotel cellar
and spread rapidly, some of the guests
escaping in their nightclothes and others
being rescued by firemen. Several parties
who had registered are missing, but it ia
thought that they left the city on the early
trains.
SEARCH Kit WITH. A TORCH.
Fireman Mile* Found a (ing I^eaft and an
i:.rplosinn <i* Well.
CHICAGO, [r.T.., Jan. s.— An explosion
of gas which occurred in the basement of
the Renfor3t apartment building at Fifty
second street and Cottage Grove avenue
this afternoon injured two people, badly
frightened a number of the fashionabfe
occupants of the house and did some dam
age to uroperty.
George Miles, a fireman, was in the base
ment looking for a gas leak with a lighted
torch in his hand. As he entered the
front part of the building an explosion
took place, which threw him about twenty
feet and shook the building sufficiently to
be felt on the sixth floor, the top of the
house. Miles was severely burned by the
flames which followed. He is in the hos
pital, but his recovery is expected. Fol
lowing him in his # search for the escaping
gas was the janitor, Marckus Claus
sen, who was also thrown some distance
and burned, but his injuries were slight.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Confidential."
This, too, is confidential!— meant only
for those who judge prices by the goods—
not goods by the prices:
We can sell you high class clothing for
less than our weil meaning neighbors, be-
cause we are in closer touch with the
houses that make them.
What is high class? A certain thor-
oughbred correctness, that shows in the
stuff, cut, trimmings and workmanship.
Kortify against thp"uar of the weather." Uls-
ters— Kersey. Sib; Renuine Jrish Frieze, $17
and $m Boys' Ulsters, $ 4.60 to $8.50—11 to 19.
<g^gl3]l33~ : 3S-37 r KEJO^>fY SYJ^
Our mail order business is not a side issue.
THESCCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIESIRILL BOOM
OF THE -
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN US Til, MIDNIGHT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABNTST. Established
, in 1854 for the treatment of Pvlrat»
'Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
» disease wearinton bodyandmlndand
skin Discuses Tbedoctorcurestvhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low
Br.J.F.titßßOj, K«x 1»a7.8a0y f yn^^
OPPRESSION, niint-i* -..
SUFFOCATION, fl RFRRY
NEURALGIA, Etc., U U»LU 01
ESPICS CIOAKETTES, OR POWDVR
J, KSPIC: New York, E. FOI'IiKKA
A CO. Sold by all Druggist* *•**■BECOMES A CARDINAL
Mgr. Satolii Invested With
the Scarlet of the
Church.
RECEIVES THE BERETTA.
Impressive Ceremonies Under the
Dome of the Baltimore
Cathedral.
CONSECRATED FOR SERVICES.
The First Envoy From Rome to
Washington to Don the Prince's
Purple.
BALTIMORE, Mr., Jan. s.— Under the
preat dome of that classic edifice, the Bal
timore cathedral— the mother chuich of
America— where so many memorable and
imposing ceremonies have taken place,
Francis Satolii, titular Archbishop of Le
panto and Papal Ablesiate to the United
States, was to-day elevated to the car
dinalate and formally vested with the scar
let which marks the rank of Cardinal.
History will say in all the records of
America that the rirst envoy from Rome
to Washington received the peerless aure
ole, the prince's purnle. It was an event
of extraordinary interest in t lie world of
religion. It was a consecration for services
rendered and a seal set on a settlement of
religious and social affairs in the United
States. It was an annsually srrand and
picturesque ceremony, even in Baltimore,
where so many elaborate ecclesiastical
events have been celebrated.
Archbishops, Bishops, Monsignors and
divines of various grade? in a church
which has by far more communicants than
any other distinct denomination in the
United States; statesmen high in the af
fairs of the Nation; diplomats represent
ing foreign countries and hundreds of the
great and the lowly, Catholic and non-
Catholic, witnessed the services attending
the creation of a cardinalate — exercises
which wore held to-day for the- second
time in Baltimore and for the third time
in the United States. Prominent prelates
from every section of the country took
part in the proceedings, and the splendor
of the vestments, the grandeur of the mu
sic and the pomp of the ritual combined to
afford a spectacle of rare impressiveness
and brilliance. Almost ewry Catholic
diocese on the American continent was
represented. It was the most ecclesiasti
cal ceremony that lias been held in Balti
more since the elevation of Cardinal Gib
bons ten years ago.
The ceremonies of the day were inaugu
rate 1 with an imposing procession, which
moved shortly after 10 o'clock this morn
;• was made of members of the
Lrchy, clergy and seminarians to the
number of several hundreds. At an early
hour the prelates began to arrive at the
archiepiscopal residence on Charles street,
where they donned their vestments and
the li'rey robed at the cathedral school on
Wast Mulberry street, and the seminarians
attired themselves at Calvert Hall, corner
of Cathedral and Mulberry street.".
At an early hour in the morning pre
ceding the public functions of the day,
M:r. Sharetti of Cardinal Satolli's house
called upon his Eminence Cardinal
Gibbons, at the archiepiscopal residence
and presented to him the Holy orders
known as the papal briefs. In delivering
•.;■• ra to his Eminence, Mgr. Sbaretti
made an aadross in Latin. In a few
hi* Eminence thanked Mgr. Snar
etti for his kind and complimentary ex
pressions, and added that he felt highly
honored in accepting the proffered docu
ments.
the cathedral bell tolled the hour of
10 o'clock students of St. Mary's Seminary
to the number of 400 emerged from Calvert
Hall, where they had robed, and moved
eastward on Mulberry street. Midway of
the blo^k the line entered the side gate to
the cathedral pcrounde. As the last of the
seminarians passed the cathedral school
»» vested priests, monks and Christian
brothers joined the procession, taking po
sitions in the immediate rear of the stu
dents. Proceeding through the grounds
the vanguard was soon at the rear en
trance of the archiei>i.«copal residence.
At 10:30 o'clock Master of Ceremonies
Rev. C. F. Thomas, rector of the cathe
dral, ordered the doors to be thrown open,
and the students, in their cassocks and
surplices, two by two, preceded by the
cross-bearer and acolytes, passed through
the spacious corridors out of the front
entrance to North Charles street.
■ ly the line proceeded to Mulberry
street, en roiue to the main entrance of the
•athedra.l. Am the rear guard ol priests
i through the corridor of Cardinal
Gibbons' residence twenty-six members of
Faculty of the Catholic university
vested in their handsome black silk robes'
with blue, scarlet, purple and white silk
trimmings — symbolical of philosophy, di
vinity, law and art— took up their position
in the liner-. These were followed by
thirty-four Bi shops from all parts: of the
United States, led by Junior Bishop John
J. Donahue of Wheeling, W. Va., who was
continually bowing to right and left as he
recognized old friends amone the hundreds
of shivering spectators along the line of
inarch.
Fourteen Archbishops were next to ap
pear. They were: The Most Revs. John
J. Williams of Boston, Patrick A. Feenan
of Chicago, William H. Elder of Cincinnati,
.Frederick Xavier Katzer of Milwaukee,
Francs Jansens of New Orleans, Michael
A. Corrisan of Now York, William H.
Gross of Oregon, P. J. Ryan of Philadel
phia, J. J. Kain of St. Louis, John Ireland
ol St. Paul, P. T. Chappelle of Santa Fe,
Cornelius O'Brien of Halifax, N. 8., and
Louis INazaire Jiegin. coadjutor to Cardi
nal Taschercau of Quebec. Each of the
Archbishops was supported by his vicar
general. Archbishop Kain of St. Louis
headed this part of the procession.
The venerable Archbishop Williams,
who conferred tlie zuchetto upon Cardinal
Gibbons ten years ago, was the center of
attraction. Hats were doffed by men
and handkerchiefs were waved by smiling
women as he passed by in the post of
honor. He was followed by Rev. A. L..
Mapnien, president of fcft. Mary's Sem
inaty.
il is Eminence Cardinal Gibbons, with
six acolyites, who served an train-hearers,
brought up the rear of the long and
slowly moving procession. His scarlet
robe made a pretty contrast in the bright
sunlight to the purple towns of the Arch
ps. Before 11 o'clock had been toiled,
the entire procession had passed within
the portals of the venerable fane. A3 the
seminarians, clergy and prelates moved
down the center aisle, Hamerick's "Marche
Solennelle" was rendered by the orchestra
and chorus.
Great disappointment was expressed by
the hundreds who could not obtain admis
sion to the cathedral, because of the ab
sence of Cardinal Satolii from the proces
sion. It is said at the last moment that
he, m whose honor the magnificent cere
mony was given, was to accompany Cardi
nal Gibbons in the line of march,' but for
some unknown reason the new Cardinal
decided to enter the cathedral through the
sacristy. Disappointment was also felt
because of the absence from the line of the
noble guard, Monsignor Sacripanti. He.
too, enteied the cathedral through the
sacristy.
The sidewalks were filled with persons,
and every window fachiK the cathedral on
North Charles, Mulberry and Cathedral
streets was full of heads viewing the pre
liminary activities attendant on the in
vestiture of Cardinal-elect Satolii with the
beretta.
Those who viewed the paseantjfrom the
sidewalks suffered greatly from the ex
treme cold weather and piercing wind.
Admission to the cathedral was obtained
by card only, and those without the
precious pasteboard were not allowed to
go in. Could every pew have been made to
accommodate a hundred persons there
would yet have been an insuliiciency of
room. It was found, however, that after
all the seats were occupied by ticket-hold
ers there was room for a few dozen camp
fetools in the aisles and in the rear of the
pews. And then the order was iriven that
the doors should be opened to the general
public. Four or five hundred persons
were quick to take advantage of the con
dition, and soon every inch of available
tpace in the edifice was occupied by ?n
CARDINAL FRANCIS SATOLLI.
intently attentive but orderly congrega
tion.
There was but little special adornment
j within the church. The altar was orna
; mented with intertwining smilax and
flowers. Aside from this little display
I there was no attempt made at decoration.
"When all the chief dignitaries had taken
their places in ihe sanctuary the ceremony
■ of conferring the zuchetto was begun.
i Cardinal Gibbons, who was specially com-
I missioned by the Pope to confer the beretta,
; occupied his throne on the gospel side of
I the sanctuary, robed in full canon vest
ment, while a temporary throne had been
provided and was occupied by the candi
| date on the epistle side. On each side of
1 Cardinal Gibbons and Satolli were their
I assistant priests and deacons of honor.
j and seated within the chancel rail were
the members of the hierarchy and priests
who had been invited to assist at the cere
mony. Piaces were specially provided
near the Cardinal's throne far Archbishop
; Kain and the member of the Noble Guard,
Marquis Sacripanti. The latter was read
| ily recognized by his brilliant uniform of
j scarlet and white, with gilt helmet and
heavy sword. For more than three hours,
while the ceremony continued, the Noble
! Guard stood erect, symbolizing the im
portance of his mission in protecting the
j insignia and official documents of which
; he was the custodian.
These rested on a small table close at
hand. At the proper time the Noble
Guard handed 10 Cardinal Gibbons the
official brief announcing that his Emi
nence had been chosen by the Pope as the
apostolic delegate to confer th« beretta.
His Eminence called upon his attendant
priest, Rev. Dr. Mngnien, to read the
brief, first in Latin and then in English.
Following the reading of this letter, the
other papal brief addressed to Cardinal
elect Satolli was presented. It was read
by his assistant priest, Rev. Dr. Kennedy
of Philadelphia. When the readings were
finished the choir of seminarians pan;x
"Let us pray for our Holy Father Leo."
Then Monseignor Sbaretti arose and made
a long address in Latin in which he said :
The honorable office which the Supreme
Pontiff, Leo XIII, has deigned to confer upon
me is most grateful and acceptable to me, lie
cause it is a testimonial of his pontifical con
sideration, because by me are being carried the
insignia of so exalted a dignity to a man to
whom I have ever been bound by the ties of
greatest veneration and respect, and because
it is, as it were, the seal of supreme authority
for all that has been accomplished.
Most eminent sir, I beg you accept my con
gratulation on this special honor which to-day
is conferred on your Eminence and on this
new manifestation of particular affection
which is shown by his Holiness toward this
most noble American Nation and its flourish
ing church. In fact, from the time when Leo
XIII most happily ascended the throne of I'eter
he has in many ways expressed and by his acts
proved his affection toward this country. He
sent hie representative to be present at the
inauguration of the great universal exposi
tion, to which he contributed most precious
documents.
lit- has cultivated with paternal solicitude
this select part of the Lord's vineyard, and has
bestowed upon it many favors. He has ap
proved and saneiioned its plenary and provin
cial councils. He has erected new ecclesias
tical provinces and new dioceses. He has con
ferred the pontifical title upon its colleges, and
he has founded the Catholic university which
is to be the splendid coini-lc-ms-nt of all Catholic
education, and finally, to crown his work, he
has instituted the apostolic delegation that he
might, refresh his children by ii is own presence,
that he might enjoy their intimacy and might
exercise more immediately his care over them,
s ) that the Catholic religion may shine with a
more brilliant light in this great and generous
Nation.
To accomplish this, he selected a man who,
by his bright qualities of mind and heart, gave
assurance of a successful result. It would be
superfluous for me to speak of this man's piety
and learning. Suffice it to note how tender is
his devotion and love toward the most blessed
Sacrament of Eucharist and toward the Blesi ed
Virgin. Suffice it to note that h« is numoered
among the principal restorers of philosophic
and theological learning, according to the
system of the angelic doctrine.
This solemnity which is being celebrated to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
day requires that we consider briefly some
thing ol that which he has here accepted. The
office committed to him by the Holy See was
most arduous, his success most difficult. The
beginnings of every great work are difficult,
especially ■when obstacles, neither light nor
few, are not lacking, and when there exists a
diversity of tradition, of language and of char
acter of the people; when the genius of the
race, its vertiginous activity, its enormous un
dertakings induce continual changes and
transformations and impress an incredible
movement and impulse upon e%*ery kind of
affairs. In such circumstances, that an under,
taking should prosperously and happily suc
j ceed, rare prudence and dexterity are required.
j But the most eminent p rode legate, by the acu
men and penetration of his mind, weighed,
pondered and comprehended the peculiar cir
j cumstances of this country, the inclinations
and character of its people and their various
needs.
To these conditions he adapted his course of
action, so that he may be said by a sort of wise
accommodation to have become an American,
that he might gain all to Christ, while remain
ing at the sume time the inflexible tutor of
Catholic truth. Whenever the occasion offered
itself ho has fully explained and elucidated
Catholic truths without any equivocation or
diveraation. Not for the tickling of his hearers'
ears, but in order to teach, he has shown that
the Holy Roman church was a friend of all
true progress and the most powerful protector
and guardian of private and public right, of
individual and social welfare of peoples and
nations, by whatsoever form of government
they may be ruled; that zeal for religion is
joined in most close union of love of country.
He has lacked nether sincerity in speaking nor
fortitude in operation. A defender of order
and authority, he has used the -weight of his
power for the preservation among the multi
tude of obedience toward their superiors, of
discipline and due respect in the clergy toward
Bishops. Nothing has been dearer to him than
that the laws of the church should be faith
fully observed.
In the exercise of his judicial power he has
been most strict, having nothing in view ex
cept that the rights of justice should remain
inviolate. At the present time it is with no
small satisfaction that we can see that thecom
plainta and controversies have almost disap
peared. In tine, 1 may say that this new prince
of the church is an example of prudence, jus
tice, charity and the love of religion and coun
try. Both the country and church may be In
trusted t» Mm with safety.
Most eminent, sir, the honor which is be-
Btowed upon the most eminent Cardinal SatolH
| redound-; upon the universal church, and espe*
j dally upon the church In America. I beg your
I Eminence to receive this ijisigna as the pledge
of the high esteem and high affection of Leo
I XIII to the American church and people, as a
| well-deserved reward to him who has used
with such marked success all his zeal for in
creasing the honor and extent of the holy Cath
olic church in America.
The red beretta, borne upon a silver tray,
was then presented to Cardinal Gibbons
by Mgr. Hacripanti. His Eminence invited
Cardinal Satolli to approach. The latter
was escorted from his throne by his at
tendant priest and deacons of honor.
Taking the beretta in his hand Cardinal
Gibbons addressed Cardinal Satolli as fol
lows :
The Holy Father has already manifested
toward your Eminence many signal marks of
his friendship, affection and paternal benevo
lence during your life in l'erugiaaud in Rome,
and now he is pleased to crown these acts by
enrolling you among the members of the
sacred college and bestowing on you the high
est gift at his disposal.
May your august benefactor be spared some
yean yet to experience your gratitude and
devotion to his sacred person, and may your
Eminence's life be prolonged many years to
adorn the sacred college by your talents, to
enlighten it by your experience and to edify it
by your piety and bright example.
At the conclusion of his remarks, Car
dinal Gibbons placed the zuchetto unon
Cardinal Patolli's head and the latter
knelt before him. Cardinal Satolli then
arose, raised the beretta from his head and
retired to the sacristy to change his purple
vestments for <i scarlet red cassock, acappa
magna of similar hue and the other vest
ments of his new ollice. Upon his returij
to the sanctuary, his Eminence Cardinal
Satolli ascended his throne, and turning
to Cardinal Gibbons, made an address in
Latin. Translated, the address was as fol
lows :
Your Kminence: From the d&yon which I re
ceived the first notification of the intention of
his Holiness to promote me to the cardinalnte,
and his determination that the insignia of that
sublime dignity should be conferred upon me
by your Eminence's hand, I rejoiced that it
was through you that I was to receive this
mark of pontifical favor and honor; for from
the time of my coining to this country 1 have
received from your Eminence nothing but the
greatest kindness and consideration. It was
with the aid of your wise counsels and un
failing encouragement, not without the con
tinual assistance of all the prelates of this
great American hierachy, that my labors pro
gressed and were crowned with success.
This is the third occasion on which it has
been an honor and a pleasure to me to be pres
ent in this venerable cathedral, surrounded by
the prelates, the clergy and the most distin
guished people of the country, and to unite
with them In celebrating a festival of joy. The
first occasion was the day on which was com
memorated the first centenary of the existence
ol the American* hierarchy. Then was this
church filled with a gathering similar to that
which has now come together— a gathering
united to thank (.iod with joy, not unmixed
with wonder and amazement at the remark
able grow Hi and progress of the Catholic church
in one century, under this Republic. Tne sec
ond was the day on which we all convened
here again to do honor to your Eminence,
A mericn's Cardinal Archbishop, on the occasion
of your silver episcopal jubilee.
Then did the whole country rejoice that God
had preserved your Eminence for so long a
time, to guide by your wisdom and aid by your
counsel the growth of the American church,
aid to beg the samedivine Providence to spare
you for still many years for the good of the
church and of the Nation.
To-day is tlie third time that Hind myself in
the ini'l.-t of tliis glorious assemblage, and it is
tome most certainly an occasion of extraor
dinary rejoicing. I hope and pray that this
will mark the beginning of an era still more
prosperous for the church nnd the country.
May the success which has attended the devel
opment ana growth of this great Nation go on
Increasing; may its power and importance
grow greater and make themselves more and
more felt throughout the world for the good of
humanity. I can promise you that through
out all the rest of ray life I, who have re-
ceived from this generous people so kind and
cordial a welcome, shall never cease daily at
the altar of God to pour forth my most fer
vent Drayers for their welfare. I shall beg
that God may continually be In their midst,
blessing them with his presence, guiding them
with his counsel and filling their years with
peace, tranquillity and prosperity.
At the conclusion of Cardinal Satolli's
address, he was vested for mass, which
was rendered with himself as celebrant.
Beethoven's mass in C was the selection
for the occasion, and Professor P. X. Hale
led a specially selected choir of seven tv
two voices with orchestral accompaniment.
Following the mass a Te Deum was sung.
The sermon of the day was preached by
John J. Kain of St. Louis. He paid a high
tribute to the new Cardinal and eulogized
the Pope for his especial recognition of the
services which Cardinal Satolii has ren
dered the Catholic church in this country.
His text was from the fifth chapter, seven
teenth verse, of First Timothy— "Let the
priests, that rule well, be esteemed worthy
of double honor, especially those who
labor in the word and doctrine."
Previous to the benediction by Cardinal
Gibbons, Rev. Dr. Rooker 01 the apostolic
delegation, read the following cablegram:
Rome, January 4.
To his Eminence Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop,
Baltimore— The extraordinary splendor accom
panying the conferring of the beretta upon
Cardinal Satolii gratifies the Holy Father be
yond measure, and he asks your Eminence to
express ,his satisfaction. Furthermore, as a
token of his deep appreciation, he empowers
your Eminence to impart to all present at the
ceremony his apostolic benediction.
M. Cardinal Rampolla.
To-day's ceremony was the third step in
the formal elevation of Cardinal Satolii,
the final step to occur within six months,
when he will, in compliance with his offi
cial oath, go to Rome to visit the tombs of
the apostles, and the ceremony which
makes him a full member of the Sacred
College, entitled to vote for Leo's succes
sor, then takes place. This is the most
Important and interesting of all the cere
monies.
The Pope has temporarily conferred the
title of apostolic delegate upon Mgr.
Sbaretti, secretary and chancellor of the
delegation.
After the ceremonies, which lasted a lit
tle more than three hours, Cardinals Sa
tolli and Gibbons were entertained at a
dinner at St. Mary's Seminary. Two hun
dred prominent clergymen and laymen
were seated at the tables.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Fruit-Growers Are Combining to
Extend the Market for
Their Products.
Attempted Hold-Up of a Saloon-Keeper.
Chinese Robber Arrested.
Shipping Notes.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan s.— There is noth
ing at all going on in the fruit market, and
the present hill in business is being taken
advantage of by the fruit-growers to dis
cuss ways and means of extending the
market for California dried fruit?.
Yesterday afternoon an informal meet
ing of fruit-growers was held in the Y. M.
C. A. building, and the means of dispos
ing of the fruit product of the county was
discussed at length. A committee was ap
pointed to investigate and consider the
ideas advanced as to the best way of ex
tendiug the market.
The meeting was purely informal, but
will probably be beneficial to the fruit
growers, as it was understood that as soon
as it was deemed advisable a mass-meeting
of fruit-growers would be called, and some
definite action taken in regard to adver
tising the fruit products of the county.
THE COLORED M. JZ. CHVJRCH.
Annual Conference of the African M. E.
Church of Xion Concluded Yraterda;/.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. s.— The annual
conference of the African Iff. E. Zion
church of the California district concluded
ito session to-day.
Bishop A. Walters of New York made
the following appointments:
Presiding Elder, Rev. T. Brown of Pan Fran
cisco; San Francisco church. Rev. J. P. Mea
chen; Portland, Or., Rev. R. Vornon; San Jose,
Rev. P. 8. White; I'nso Roblee, Rev. A. Ander
son; Oakland, Rev. W. A. Warner; Fresno
Rev. W. B. Black well; Los Angeles, W.
W. Bynum; Xapa, Vallojo and Santa Rosa,
Rev. A. J. Wooodward; K.-driiug and Ander
son, Rev. E. H. Brown; Holliste: and Santa
Cruz, Rev. A. W. Rice; Monrovia, Rev B
F. Mitchell; WatsonvtlK-, Rev. .[. c.
Curren; Hnuford, Row H. Holland;
missionary scent, Rev. R. Birdwell;
missionary. Rev. T. a. Meachen; evangelists]
Rev. John Glasco and Mrs. flattie Glasco; su
pernumeraries, Revs. S. A.Knox, y. Savens and
R. 11. Hunter.
Rev. «;eorpo Jackson of Pan Francisco was
transferred to the Philadelphia conference.
Chinese lioUber Arrentrd.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. s.— Deputy
Sheriffs Black and Benson this morning
arrested All Ming for the robbery of Ah
Jim's room on San Jose street yesterday
morning, when $40 and some wearing ap
parel were taken.
Some of the wearing apparel was re
covered from a Chinese pawnshop, where
it had been wold by Ming.
Ming is well known to the police as a
petty offender and was only discharged
from the City Prison yesterday morning,
where he served a thirty-day sentence for
selling lottery tickets.
An Attempted Hold-TJp.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. s.— Two masked
men entered the saloon and grocery con
ducted by Patrick C. Moore at the corner
of Orchard street and Almaden road about
7:30 o'clock last nierht, and attempted to
hold up Moore, who was behind the bar.
With drawn revolvers the men com
manded Moore to throw up his hands. In
stead of complying, Moore called to his
wife in an adjoining room, and the men,
hearing her coming, hastily ielt.
Lumber Schooners Unloading.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. s.— The large
number of schooners unloading cargoes of
lumber at Alviso at present gives an air of
general activity to the place.
The vessels in port are as follows: Steam
schooners Whitesboro and Scotia, and
schooners Sacramento. Traveler, Golden
Fleece, Fidelity and Ruby.
The steamer Alviao makes tri-weekly
trips between this port and San Francisco.
A. Small I'ive.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. s.— The residence
of Clement Deros, 418 West San Carlo 3
street, was badly damaged by tire last
night.
There was no one in the house at the
time and the origin of the lire is unknown.
The damage will amount to about $300.
A Sacramento Suicide,
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 5.— A man
named William Smith was brought here
to-day from the Twelve-mile House on the
Auburn road who had cut his throat on
Saturday night in an attempt to commit
suicide.
He is a native of Germany, about 47
years old. Despondency was "the cause of
the deed. It is thought he will live.
EL DORADO'S REPLY
Resolutions in Defense of
Venerable Pastor
Peirce.
FAITH IN HIS WORD.
Simultaneous Meetings Are Held
in Many Sections of the
County.
BISHOP WINGFIELD REBUKED.
Charges of the Minister Reiterated
in Affidavits Sent to the
" Call."
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Jan. s.— The
Episcopal Church quar:el, involving
Bishop Wingfield and Minister Peirce,
were the absorbing topics to-day. Every i
one was on the gui vive to learn what the |
venerable clergyman would say in i
his sermon this Sabbath morning, i
REV. C. C. PEIRCE OF PLACERVILLE.
[From a photograph.}
and an unusually large gathering was
present at the church. The aged pastor
preached one of the best sermons of his
life. His subject was taken from Saint
Paul, "For me to live is Christ." Needless
to say he was eloquent, for Mr. Peirce is an
acknowledged pulpit orator of ability. The
number presenting themselves for com
munion was exceptionally large. The
music and singing were the best the church
has had in many months. In effect it can
not but be said that the recent turmoil
has recalled to many a duty they owe to
youth's training, and to the natural in
clination of man's mind to turn bact to
God and church, and as an outcome cf the
recent trouble here many were recalled to
the advisability of church attendance.
After the services a called meeting of
citizens was held in Confidence Hall and
the following resolution was adopted en
thusiastically without a dissenting vote:
Whereas, Certain articles published by
Bishop Wingfield of Benicia may lead to a mis
understanding in relation to our ay>preciation
of the life and labors of Rev. C. C. Peirce as a
minister of the Protestant Episcopal Church;
Rosnlved, That we as citizens of El Dorado
County, without reference to sectarian asso
ciations, hereby express our hearty approval
of the ministerial labors of Rev. C. C. Peirce in
our midst for the long period of more than
thirty veers that he has resided among us.
We have every confidence in his honor, in his
veracity and in the purity of his motives. We
hereby express our heartfelt approval of his
past and present course.
At El Dorado the following was unani
mously resolved; there were 102 signatures
to the resolution:
We, the undersigned citizens of El Dorado,
do hereby certify that we have known Rev. C.
C. Peirce for many years, and have always
known nim to be a man of truth, and honor
able in all his actions, and as an intelligent
ami Christian man, and he has no superior in
his Christian motives. We further believe and
know that the actions of Bishop Wingfield in
his accusations against Rev. C. C. Peirce
are unjust, and do not, as we believe, originate
in the miud of any sane and Christian man.
At Shingle Springs fifty-seven people
gathered to express the following resolu
tion :
We, the undersigned residents of Shingle
Springs, do hereby condemn the actions of
Bishop Wingfleld in the treatment of Rev. C.
C. Peirce as unbecoming a gentleman and a
Christian, and we do hereby concur in the
modes and methods of Mr. Peirce's daily prac
tices as a Christian minister, a true follower of
the Nazarene, Christ.
The people of Clarksville adopted as
follows:
WmtSXAS, We, the citizens of Clarksvllle and
vicinity, have heard with regret of the attack
made by Bishop Wingfield upon the good name
and character of Rev. C. C. Peirce of Placer
ville; therefore
Resolved, That we do hereby express our con
fidence iv the veracity and Integrity of Mr.
Peiree, as established by his long residence
among us, and we do further express our ap
preciation of the services of this Christian gen
tleman.
The clergyraan'e eloquent appeal for
peace, concord and church advancement
at the services here this mornir^ brought
tears to the eyes of venerable matrons and
men on whose heads are mixed the silver
among the gold. His fervent prayers in
accord with the Episcopalian ritual for
the preservation of peace and for the au
thorities of the church would touch the
hardest of hearts. The expressions
adopted in the quoted resolutions are in
keeping with sentiments generally in all
parts of the county. The self-sacrificing
spirit of Mr. Peirce in his routine of life,
and his sacrifice of personal and
home comforts, devoting his labors and
the offerings of his people to the instruc
tion of children and grown people as well,
have gained for him a standing in the
county which neither prelate nor dignitary
can ever undo.
The following affidavit, furnished The
Call correspondent, baa a bearing upon
the quarrel, as indicating that Bishop
Wingfield's recollection of •what trans
pired last Sunday has become somewhat
dimmed:
Statk of California. j
County of El Dorado. \ 5S -
A. A. Gignac being duly sworn, says: That
on the morning of Sunday, December 29, 1 was
in attendance at the Episcopal church, in the
city of Placerville, during the entire service
then and there held; that there were there
present and officiating Bishop J. H. D. Wing
field and Rev. C. C. Peirce; that the former
had read the commandments and Mr. Peirce
commenced, as is usual, the reading of the
epistle when Bishop Wingfield interrupted
him by himself reading the same.
At the conclusion of the Gospel, which wns
conducted by the bishoD alone. Mr. Peirce
again commeucea the performance of a duty
which it is customary for the minister to do by
announcing the first hymn and reading the
first line thereof. At this time Mr. Peirce was
again interrupted by Bishop Wingfield, who
stepped in front of the chancel mil and said :
"I want to meet the vestry here in the church
at 3 o'clock this afternoon instead of the hotel
as I had announced by postal card, as. I have
very important business to bring beiore them.
I want to find out whether this is a mission or
a parish. If it is a mission I'll put that man
out. I'll dismiss him from the church. He is
no good to you. He is doing you no good nor
the church."
The Bishop's manner was one of anger
and he gesticulated with clinched fist in the
direction of Mr. Peirce when he used the
words "that man." At this time many of the
ladies in the congregation, horrified and sur
prised at the Bishop's strange actions, left the
church in haste. To them the Bishop pointed
scornfully and said to the few remaining
"Evidently tney are not of us." Still clothed'
in his robes he descended into the aisle to
about the middle of the church and said:
"I am your Bishop. I want to talk with you.
If he (again pointing to Mr. Peirce) persists iv
the story which he had printed in your town
papers about a year ago to the effect that I
struck him 1 brand him as an unmitigated
liar."
The women here surrounded their pastor
and manifested by words and action their con
fidence in him; Bishop Wtogfield still bore
evidences of excitement and again approached
the chancel, when I touched him on the
shoulder and toM him that this thing would
not do. It must stop.
A. S.GIGKAC. Deputy Sheriff.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2d
day of January, 189 G.
Prkntiss Carpenter, Notary Public.
A second affidavit was given by the Rev.
Mr. Peirce, affirming the truth of a former
statement made by himself and published
in The Call. It is us follows :
State of California, )
County oi El Dorado.)
I, the undersigned, do hereby solemnly atlirm
that the statement of facts relating to an alter
cation between J. H. I). AVingtield and myself,
ns published in the San Francisco Daily Call
of Tuesday, December 31, 1895 (a copy of which
is hereto attached), is true of my own knowl
edge, and I make this affirmation in good faith
and subject to all the penalties of perjury; and
I do hereby assert that all of the said state
ments are the truth, the whole truth and
nothing but the truth. Charles C. Peirce.
Subscribed and affirmed to before me this 2d
day of January, A. D. 1896.
A. S. BOSAMT,
County Clerk and Ex-ofticio Clerk of the Su
perior Court of said County.
Affirming as under the penalties of perjury
to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing
but the truth, Charles C. Peirce aflirms:
That on Monday morning, December 3, 1894,
when passing the new Masonic Temple in
Placervil'.e, J. 11. D. AVingh'eld was asked to go
in with him and view the lodge hall. This
vas done according to the usual custom of in
viting visitors to our town to see one of its
improvements. The affirmant states that in
all respects he acted exactly as to all visitors
before or since accompanied; that there was
no word of dispute or contention by him; that
after a short time the visitor exclaimed, "Ah,
that is what keeps men out of the church;
they are here when they ought to be in the
church"; that the visitor then said to this
affirmant, "Hey, my boy, not here, but in the
church, sir," and then struck with clinched
fist a violent blow on this affirmant and fol
lowed it with the words, "Not here, but in the
church, my boy." The afh'rmaut states that
there was no word or act of his of provocation,
personal reflection or opposition to cause irri
tation when he heard these threatening words
and felt the beating with the fist. This is
affirmed under the earthly and eternal pen
alties oi perjury. Charles C. Peirce.
December 28, 1895.
DEFIES MADERA'S COURT
Cattle King Henry Miller Again
Boldly Violates an In
junction.
The Foreman and Two Employes
of His Ranch Are Under
Arrest.
MADERA, Cal., Jan. s.— Cattle King
Henry Miller seems determined to treat
the process of Madera County's court with
supreme contempt and has communicated
the same spirit to his subordinates. Yes
terday Constable Green placed under ar
rest three of the men who are guarding the
fence on the Chowchilla ranch, one of
whom was engaged in tearing it down.
These were J. F. Warren, the foreman,
John Loney and Joe Spencer. They were
released on their own recognizance.
Suit was also brought yesterday against
J. F. Warren,- and an injunction issued to
restrain him from occupying the land in
dispute and from interfering with the pos
session thereof by Kutner & Huffman.
The cattle of Miller were again turned out
of the pasture, but in violation of the in
junction Warren again turned them back
this morning;. disputed lands are
thus occupied by both parties, and while a
clash between the contestants may be
looked for any day the real contest re
mains to be settled in court.
ROMANCE OF SONOMA
Contest Over the Estate
of a Healdsburg
Suicide.
A LOVE-LETTER WILL.
His Fiancee Has a Letter Written
by the Man When He Was
Very Sick.
ATTORNEYS SAY IT IS VALID.
The Relatives of the Deceased Will
Fight Bitterly to Retain His
Property.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. s.— There is
to be a lepal contest over the will of Victor
Ottmer, the young man who committed
suicide on November 17 last near Healds
burg.
The contestants are the father of the
young man, Dr. C. H. Ottmer, and Jennie
L. Campbell, the fiancee of the deceased.
The exact value of the estate is unknown.
Youne; Ottmer had considerable personal
property and fifteen head of horses in Cali
fornia, but the main portion of the estate
consists of landed interests in Oregon,
near the town of Burns. In addition to
the foregoing Ottmer bad some $800 in
notes and money that he gave outright to
.lennie before his death. Thin she still
holds.
Dr. Ottmer has endeavored to induce the
girl to relinquish all claim to tne estate,
offering to allow b^r to keep the notes and
money.
Young Ottrner had been engaged to Jen
nie for several months. When first en
gaged both resided near Healdsburg.
Later Ottmer went to Oregon. He fell
sick there from exposure while lost in the
woods. Feelin? that he was not going to
recover he wrote on June 22 last a farewell
letter to his fiancee. This letter is the in
strument filed bj- tbe girl's attorneys as a
holographic will. It reads as follows:
BURNS, Or., June 22, 1895.
Miss Jennie L. Campbell— Darling Jennie: I
have bad news to tell you. lam most terrible
sick at present. I can scarcely eat anything
at all. I have been feeling bad for about a
month. Of course I never wrote anything
about it, for I supposed I would be all right in
a little while. Dear Jennie, this letter 1 want
you to keep, and tell nobody what is in it.
Xot even your home folks, unless that I should
not get well, then you can make it known.
What I waut to tell, dear Jennie, is this: You
are welcome to all my property after what
bills I owe is straightened up in case I should
not get v.ell. And if I get all r'ght again of
course we can settle the matter between our
selves. If any one asks you how I am getting
along you can tell them thm 1 am sick ami no
more about what I have told you, if you please,
dear Jennie. If I think that lam able to come
home I will try and comu back as soon as I cau
get things straightened up a little. Jennie,
piease excuse this bhort letter und bad spelling
and writing. Write as soon as you got this,
for I am so anxious to hear from you. From
your intended, S. V. Ottmeh.
Dr. Ottmer contends this letter will not
stand as a will. This is the issue upon
which he will make his fight.
Ottmer grew butter of his sickness and
returned to his old home in Dry Creek
Valley, near Healdsburg. His sickness
affected his mind. His inability to re
cover his full mental powers preyed on
him, and in a fit of moody desperation he
sent a rifle bullet through his nead.
Jennie Campbell is a bright Irish lassie,
25 years of acre. She has lived most of her
life in the redwoods near Healdsburg. Dr.
Ottiucr, the father of the dead man. is a
wealthy retired physician, owning and
living on a well-paying fruit ranch in Dry
Creek Valley. He also owns valuable
business property in Healdsburg.
FREUXO'S JtLOODUO TJIAILERS
They A.re Good Dogs, but Yesterday's Ex
hibition. Was Mot Successful.
FRESNO, Gal., Jan. s.— This afternoon
T. E. Jones and Deputy Sheriff Timmins
gave a public exhibition of the trailing
abilities of their five bloodhounds.
A course of fifteen miles had been ar
ranged, and a previous announcement
drew out a large crowd. The hounds
failed to keep on trail. The large crowd is
said to have caused their failure, as in
former training chases they have shown
excellent ability.
Macready's first London appearance was
at Orestes. Covent Garden, in 1816, retired
1851, died 1873.
NEW TO-DAY.
It makes old men ieel younj and young men
tnanly. It gives back that active mind, high
spirit and healthy vital power that old men
prize so highly. It adds life and energy to the
mental and physical powers— fact it restores
manhood.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Men are inclined to overdo themselves in
youthful excess, and when they grow old they
»\i*/ \\Lff \ f */ leel it. The ob-
VSh^WM^^^f^^^X Nelt'is to replace
ftfiS^^^^^Sl^/* the vitality that
l|r D!t.>AnDsi<!» 7*e?\wa3 wasted in
I jaKELECTRIC youth. Will it
7>UJJs^^SSe«23y-V^J/^<^ it for thousands.
'lv^a»3^al ft JM^<*^^* You can nee proof
't^V^^H^^^\ if you will write
> '" '••••*' for" the little book
upon the subject, termed -'Three Classes of
Men." It will bo sent, sealed, free.
SANDEN hLECTKIC CO.,
632 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours, 8 to 6;
evenings. 7to 8:30. Sundays, 10 to 1.
Portland (Oregon) cilice, 25S Washington it.
34
DR. BROWN IN THE EYES OF HIS BRETHREN
While Loath to Judge They
Say He Must Justify
or Go.
CHURCH TRIAL POSSIBLE.
Drs. Williams, Rader and Graif
Plead for Suspension of
Judgment.
MRS. DAVIDSON ON HER PAST.
Another Missing Witness— First Con
gregational Church in Mourn
ing—Dr. Brown 111.
For the first time since Mrs. Davidson* a
arrest she tells how she came to be sent to
the Women's Reform Prison. Her story
is a remarkably peculiar and weird one,
but she relates it with that same earnest
ness which has characterized all her ut
terances, contends that she was
guilty of no wrong, but was the victim of
designing persons.
The Congregational ministers are dis
posed to withhold their judgment of Dr.
Brown until the preliminary hearing of
Mrs. Davidson is concluded.
Dr. W. D. Williams and Rev. William R.
Rader, both prominent divines and both
friends of Dr. Brown, speaking yesterday
in behalf of the Congregational ministry of
tbe City and vicinity, said that judgment
should certainly be suspended until the
law had taken its course. Afterward, if
Dr. Brown could not satisfactorily explain
the appearance of evil, he would be de
prived of fellowship with the churches and
ministry.
Dr. Graif, an eminent Baptist minister
of Oakland, entertains similar views, say
ing thai Dr. Brown should be given all
latitude possible to explain away the
damaging charges now standing against
him. He expatiates on the peculiar temp
tations of a pastor and the popular preju
dice likely to exist in the case of any cleri
cal scandal.
Treasurer Johanson of the Young Peo
ple's Society resigned his position yester
day. He was a member of Mrs. Davidson's
Bible class and had confidence in that
lady's innocence. The resignation was
made at a meeting of the society yester
day afternoon. C. G. Nagle upheld Dr.
Brown and said that he would eventually
clear himself of the charges against his
good name.
MUST EXPLAIN OR GO.
Dr. W. D. Williams and Rev, William
R. Raeder's Views on the
Scandal.
"Justification or dismissal."
These words by a prominent divine in dis
cussing the position of Dr. Brown give the
key to the situation as viewed by the
Congregational ministry of the City and
State.
Dr. Brown's clerical brethren are follow
ng the example of the greatest of min
isters in refusing to pass judgment. They
declare that they will not, individually or
collectively, express or even entertain be
lief in his guilt until the close of the legal
investigation. They express sympathy
■with him if innocent, and pity for him if
guilty. In either event they consider the
case an unfortunate one for the cause of
Christianity and the 6tanding of the
church.
Dr. W. D. "Williams, pastor of Plymouth
church and one of the pillars of Congre
gationalism in the State, was seen by a
Call reporter at the close of yesterday
morning's service.
"I am loath to discuss the case," he eaid
gravely, "for my position in the matter is a
Bomewhat peculiar one. If the First Con
gregational Church fails to take action at
the close of the Brown-Davidson trial it
may devolve upon Plymouth Church, ac
cording to Congregational polity, to call a
council to consider the matter.
"I trust things will not come to that
pass. I have known Dr. Brown for twenty
years and believe that his failings are
rather in the line of vaulting ambition and
a quick temper than of the lapse from
virtue of which he is accused. I have
never had any doubt of his integrity and
always believed his life had been an up
right one.
'•I do not believe that if he comes out of
the trial with the shadow still resting
upo uhim he will force us to demand
an explanation of the appearance of evil.
He will either furnish such explanation or
withdraw from fellowship with his church
and his brethren in the ministry. Sup
posing that in the course of the trial the
charges are not refuted, as we all hope
they will be. and he applies to the Bay
Association for credentials, then, I appre
hend, will come the tug-of-war.
"But remember that the charges are by
no means proven against him. It would
appear that they are made by bad women,
and that fact is in his favor."
Dr. Williams, who is one of the most
popular pastors in the City, and one whose
integrity has never been called into ques
tion, has attended the trial. Rev. Wil
liam I*. Rader, the pastor of the Third
Congregational Church, has also been seen
giving close attention to the progress of
the case. He, too, is a friend of Dr.
Brown.
•'I don't know what to think. I am
plunged into darkness as to the case," he
said yesterday. "My knowledge of Dr.
Brown would lead me to believe that,
should he not be able to explain the seem
ingly criminating circumstances, he will
do what is right. He will not bring us to
the point of necessity of dismissal by a
council.
"Certainly there can be no excuse for
ecclesiastical interference until the law
has had its way. We have no right to
judge until the case is closed and Dr.
Brown has had ecclesiastical hearing.
The attitude of the ministers was shown
by the resolutions adopted by the Congre
gational Club on Monday. True, there
have been come deplorable developments
since that time, but I am sure we are a
unit on a suspension of judgment until
the proper time."
Both gentlemen referred to a congrega
tional council held a year ago for the pur
pose of adjusting the differences between
the Americans aad Armenians in the
church at Fresno, which was called by the
Tulare church and the First Church of
Oakland, as being the nearest parallel case
in California.
At the time of Henry Ward Beecher's
connection with the famous Tilton scan
dal, a small church at Andover, Mass.,
tired of the dilatoriness of Plymouth
Church, Beecher's charge at Brooklyn,
called a council for investigation. The
council found itself in the condition of a
"hung jury" and dissolved. Afterward
Plymouth Church called a council, in
which most of the States were represented,
the greatest council of the kind ever called.
The findings of the great council exoner
ated Beecher.
If, in the progress of the present trial,
Dr. Brown does not disprove the charges
made against him, and does not resign his
pastorate, the first step in the procedure,
according to Congregational polity, will
be that the First Church, through its offi
cers, ask an explanation of the damaging
statements. If this be not forthcoming,
or not satisfactory, the church, individu
ally or conjointly with the pastor, may
call a council of churches.
If this be not done it will devolve upon
another church, and according to usual
custom the church geographically nearest
and, if there be any doubt as to location,
the church strongest, in a numerical sense,
to call such council. If the rinding of the
council be that the pastor is guilty, in case
of such forced council, the pastor would
be deprived of the fellowship of other
churches because of that guilt, and his
church would also lose the privileges of
such fellowship because of its negligence.
Plymouth Church would be expected to
take the initiative in such a course because
of its contiguity to the First Church.
The Bay Association of. Congregational
Churches will hold its regular meeting
this month. The meeting would regularly
occur next week, but because of the possi
bility of Dr. Brown's asking: a hearing
from that body its session will be delayed.
DR. BROWN PROSTRATE
His Absence From the Pulpit of His
Church Yesterday Caused
His Flock Pain.
I ivas glad when they said unto me, "Come
into the house of the Lord."
This is the inscription that spans the
arch oyer the sanctuary of the First Con
! gregational Church. But there was no
: glaaness within the great edifice. It was
I all gloom. There was sorrow in the hearts
: of those who attended the morning and
evening services at the church yesterday.
! That sorrow was everywhere manifest. It
; was seen jn the serious faces, the faltering
| voices, the moistened eyes, the bowed
| heads and the earnest prayers of those
good people who daily walk in the foot-
I prints of the Savior; ihose good people
i whose sorrow was their pastor's sorrow
I and who now sorrow with him, who were
'. usually "glad whon they came into the
house of the Lord. 1 '
Professor Lloyd of the Pacific Univer
sity conducted both services yesterday.
He is a comparatively young man, ex
ceptionally bright, profoundly learned.
As a scholar and theologian lie stands
among the first. His discourse in the
morning was more of an instruction, an
instruction on the conscience. In the
evening he directed his remarks to young
men, showing their value to the Nation
and civilization, and how the Nation and
civilization are dependent upon them for
the glory and triumph of the future. Tie
professor was followed with marked at
tention by his listeners. He made no ref
erence to the cloud of scandal now low
ering over the church.
Dr. Brown was not present at either
service yesterday. It was stated by his
friends that he was ill at his home. Tne
ordeal of the witness-stand on Saturday
had been followed by nervous prostration.
Therefore he remained in bed all day, and
was nursed by a faithful and loving wife.
His absence from the pulpit, especially in
the evening, was perceptibly painful. Had
he been there in all the triumph and splen
dor of his former self, how glad would
nave been his faithful followers as they
"came into the house of the Lord." As it
was they were lonely without him. They
missed him from the throne. They sor
rowed for him. There were tears in the
voice of the choristers. All prayed fervently
for "those who were in trouble." Then,
with bowed heads, they went out into the
night.
WHERE IS SHE?
Mrs. McCoy Who Was Expected to
Testify Has, Like Mrs. Tun
nell, Disappeared.
A new witness whose testimony was ex
pected to corroborate a number of state
ments made by Mrs. Davidson and Mrs.
Ihurston was discoveied yesterday in the
person of a Mrs. McCoy, who up to the
day after Christmas resided on Mission
street, near Twelfth.
Mrs. McCoy, however, like Mrs. Tunnell
and Mrs. Baddin, has mysteriously disap
peared as though the earth had swallowed
her. Strenuous efforts on the part of in
terested parties are being made to locate
her, but so far they have been barren of
results and in all probability will remain so.
It is stated tfcat a few days prior to the
day on which Mattie Overman confided
her "heart's secret" to Mrs. Thur?ton she
called on Mrs. McCoy and told her sub
stantially the same story of her relations
with Dr. Brown as has been published in
numerous interviews witfi Mrs. Davidson.
Jt wilJ be remembered that on the Mon
day before Christmas the alleged black
mail on the part of Mrs. Davidson was re
ported to the police. The following Thurs
day, which was the day after Christmas.
Mrs. McCoy left her lodgincs and her
whereabouts has not as vet been estab
lished. She told the landlady of the house
that she was sioing north, probably to Se
attle, but further than this made no state
ment. It is presumed that Mrs. McCoy
became cognizant of the fact, probably
through Miss Overman, that the scandal
would inevitably become public and con
cluded that ruttier than be involved in the
difficulty she would make her departure
until the matter quieted down.
A PECULIAR STORY.
Mrs. Davidson Tells How She Fell
Into the Clutches of the Law.
Mrs. Davidson, about whom so much
has been written and said during the past
j seven days, has at last made a statement
concerning the time spent in the Woman's
Reformatory School and the causes lead
ing to her incarceration.
It is a wonderful, weird story, and she
tells it with that same earnestness and
seriousness which characterizes her every
utterance.
"1 had not intended to speak of past
events," she said yesterday, "at least not
now, but as I have nothioe to conceal or to
be ashamed of, there is no reason why I
j fchouid continue to allow people to think
I ill of me. My family is one of the best in
I the New England "States, and I have
; always been associated with only first-class
people. To go into all the details of my
voting days would not interest the people
i of San Francisco, because it matters noth
i mg to them whether I was well born and
used to the best society or only skimmed
along the ragged edge. Sb, with the mere
mention that 1 have been twice married,
finally settling in Lynn, I will proceed to
the •interesting' feature, as viewed by Dr.
j Brown and his friends, of my life.
"I opened a piano and music house at
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
Lynn wme ten or twelve years aero, and
from the very start my business prospered.
I sold pianos on commission or simply
rented them if the parties so desired. One
day a lady came to me and said : 'I would
like to buy the piano which I rented some
lime ago, but I haven't any money now
and you will have to wait.'
"I was not allowed to do that kind of
business, but as the lady was good, I con
cluded to submit the proposition to the
house. This I did, and received their con
sent to sell ihe piano on the conditions
named by the purchaser. Some time after
this the same thing occurred, followed
quickly by several sales on the same con
ditions.
"One day I started for Boston, only a
few miles away- It was excessively warm,
and as I stepped from the car I fell to the
ground, and of what happened immedi
ately afterward I have not the slightest
recollection.
•'ln fact, it was many months before I
regained my senses. I had been prostrated
by the heat — sunstroke, I suppose — and
while 1 was in that condition the case,
which ended in sending me to the reform
school, was brought against me. I never
knew what became of my business or the
nature of the charges brought against me,
oron what grounds they secured my com
mitment.
"Months after my release I met the
prosecuting attorney and he told me that
it was a miserable shame that advantage
had been taken of my condition. He was
sorry for the part he played, and assured
me that he was confident of my innocence.
"As an evidence that I stood well in
Massachusetts, I point to my eight years'
business record. Had I been dishonest or
pruiJty of anything 'shady,' as it is called,
do you suppose for a moment that I could
have secured a situation involving tne
handling of large sums of money?
"For two years I was connected with a
lar^e wholesale grocery house at New
Haven, then acceptine the New England
agency for the corset house 1 still have the
honor to represent. Such, in brief, is the
REV. WILLIAM RADER.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
history of the charge which has been made
so much of. lam not ashamed of it, and
I know the pood Lord will not allow rue
to suffer for an act l never committed. I
was the victim of designing persons, who
to<-k advantage of my helpless condition.
All this I can and will prove at the proper
time."
MR. GALLAGHER TALKS.
Is Inclined to Think Mrs. David
son the Victim of a
Scheme.
Gallagher— Dr. Brown
Lloyd— l object. Incompetent, irrelevant
and immaterial.
His Honor— Objection sustained.
"Say," said Attorney Gallagher yester
day, "it striked me that something like
the above will grace the records of the
preliminary hearing of the Brown-David
son case when it is fully finished. Of
course there may be something more than
this, but if Judge Campbell k eps up his
present lick the future successful hearing
01 my client's cause will not be jeopardized
the least by the records of the Police
Court.
"It is apparent to any one that the
prosecution is fully agreed on one thing
and that is that Mrs. Davidson must be
held to answer at all hazards. There is
evidently a combination or clique to down
this poor woman, that being the only way
in which Pastor Brown can hope to hold
up his head «yen a little bit.
"Considering the matter as a whole it is
one of the most remarkable cases of preju
dice I ever came across. Mind, I do not
charge that there is an actual conspiracy
to down Mrs. Davidson, but I do say there
are many things which are as remarkable
as the position assumed by His Honor
Jud.e Campbell relative to the admission
of certain testimony. It looks to me very
much as if Captain Lees had adopted an
easy means of getting back at both Brown
and Campbell.
"It will be remembered that some time
ago Dr. Brown made a vigorous attack on
the police department, as did also Judge
Campbell, though the latter followed a dif
ferent line altogether. The criticism of
Judge Campbell by the Grand Jury is not
to be lost sight of, neither is the attack of
Pastor Brown on his Honor. The Police
Court Judge was given an opportunity to
defend himself from the same pulpit
whence he was denounced, hence it fol
lows that a certain amount of gratitude
must exist in certain quarters. Of course
all thin, as I said before, la purely a matter
of conjecture, but it all dovetailsjwith re
markable accuracy.
"I have been criticized for propounding
certain questions to Dr. Brown while the
latter was on the witness-stand. I fully
understand that to prove Dr. Brown
guilty of immoral conduct would not en
hance the chances for acquittal so far as
my client is concerned. But it is only by
the introduction of such evidence as this
that I can prove the intent of my client.
It is preposterous to say that the prosecu
tion can carry its case to a certain point
and then say to the defense, 'You can go
no further.'
"The case is parallel with that of a man
robbed. He must show intimidation as a
factor else the charge falls to the ground.
The defense in a case of this kind certainly
would not be denied the right to show that
no intimidation had been used. 1 can
show that my client acted the Dart of a
friend — that sne was merely a go-between,
and consequently it is necessary to intro
duce such evidence in order to establish
the good intent.
"A. peculiar ieature of the case and one
that has interested me a good deal, though
it proves nothing so far as Mrs. Davidson
is concerned, is that Dr. Brown has never
denied the charge made by my client. I
consider that the strongest evidence of his
guilt. He waited over three weeks before
beginning an investigation, and then when
he did make the charge of extortion it wa3
not backed up with denial.
"It is quite possible that he did not
think such a course necessary in view of
the fact that Miss Overman was securely
locked in his hou?e and Mrs. Tunnell ap
parently ready to answer his call."
THE OVERMAN GIRLS
Bore an Unenviable Reputation In
Walla Walla— Considered Black-
mailers.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 5. — A
prominent man of this city, while speak
ing to-day of the Brown scandal in San
Francisco, said that in 188S and 1880 he
knew the Overman family in Walla Walla.
The father kept a hotel and the girls were
in a dressmaking establishment. The- girls
had the reputation of being blackmailers,
and were started in business by a promi
nent merchant, who advanced them $1000.
A clerk in his store was compelled by
one of the Overman girls to put up $300,
but friends afterward recovered it. It is
also said that these girls made an unsuc
cessful attempt to blackmail an attorney
svho was about to get married and wno is
at present practicing law in Tacoma. The
young ladies always dressed well and were
prominent in church affairs.
CAUSED A SMILE.
Miss Overman's Attempt to Study
Stenography and Typewriting
Results In Mirth.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. s.— lt is not gen
erally known that the family of Miss
Mattie Overman, who has secured so
much notoriety in connection with the
Brown-Davidson scandal in San Fran
cisco, was originally from Alsea Valley,
just south of Yaquina Bay, then in Benton
County. The father was John Overman,
and he conducted a small ranch.
They were miserably poor. The rank of
children was as follows: Lizzie, who was
afterward married several times; Ollie,
afterward Mrs. Charles Dubois of this
city, Alk-e, Addie, Mattie, I>r. Brown's
friend; Lillie and several smaller children.
The family left Alsea Valley about
twenty-two years since. Overman had
pone to Eastern Washington and selected
Walla Walla as a place of residence. He
returned and announced it as his inten
tion to move. The children had no suit
able clothing, and it is narrated that sev
eral neighbor women volunteered their
services and contributed labor by sewing
for some days before their departure.
They left finally and went to Walla Walla,
and later to a small farm near that city.
The subsequent movements of various
members of the family have already been
printed in the papers.
When she left Alsea, Mattie was about 5
years old. and is th- refore now about '27.
She was in Spokane a while, and engaged
with a sister in dressmaking. They ap
peared to have conducted themselves in r
manner that did not commend them to
the entire community of Spokane as mod
els of propriety and modesty, for a Spo
kane paper said that the announcement of
Mattic Overman that she intended to go
to San Francisco to study stenography
and typewriting caused a broad smile
among those who knew her.
SHE IS NOT POPULAR.
Tho Sentiment of Members of Dr.
Brown's Church Turning Against
Miss Overman.
The members of the congregation of Dr.
Brown's church are rapidly losing their
respect for Miss Mattie Overman. Th. y
feel that she has been the direct cause of
Dr. Brown's troubles and do not care to
shield her.
The fact of her many escapades in the
Northwest, from Montana to the Sound, is
injuring her canse. It was tirst thought
that she was as innocent as Sunday-school
teachers usually are. It now turns out
that she is a divorced woman.
Miss Overman's escai ades in Montana,
Washington and British Columbia are all
coming under the flashlight. It was
stated at rirst that her divorced husband,
Don Siiveira, was dead ; that he had been
shot and killed at the gambling table. It
now turns out that Silveira is very much
alive. He is a waiter in a restaurant at
Great Falls. He is known in Montana
under the sobriquet as "Digger Don."
Silveira tells some things of his former
wife that reflect on her character.
The story comes from Seattle thai Miss
Overman's name was connected witb sev
eral escaoades that young women with a
proper conception of the good usually
avoid.
Miss Overman was also a resident of Vic
toria, B. C, for a time. She and her si-ter
conducted a dressmaking establishment in
that city. Their parlors, so the story goes,
were frequented by a gay set at late hours
at night.
DR. GRAIF FOR DR. BROWN.
He Preaches on the Relation of
Pastors to Many Kinds of Fe
male Admirers.
A large portion of the sermon at the
First Free Baptist Church, Oakland, yes
terday morning, was devoted to the Brown
scandal.
The speaker, Rev. Dr. Grail, said it was
a timely admonition always, but especially
now, that ministers and lay folks resolve
to be more carefully guarded in their so
cial relations and keep their tongues from
speaking guile. He continued :
Painful recent events open afresh the dis
cussion of the clergyman's relation to the
female admirers of his flock. It 1b no unusual
thing for a popular pulpit orator with com
manding brains and fat salary and swell
church to become the idol figure of worship to
a number of women, some of whom, perhaps,
are disgruntled or divorced wives that find
balm and charm in his ready sympathies, others
hkely are maidens of a sentimental type that
gush over his looks and eloquence, while
possibly a third class, keen-eyed and cold
blooded schemers, play on him a game oJ in
trigue and flattery in order to entrap and
blackmail.
Often, too, there is a goodly body of noble
women, who, adoring purity of character and
a robust, high grade intellect, and electricity
and grace of utterance, and finding all these
qualities adorning the life of their pastor, set
him up as the object of their peculiar affection
and regard. As a rule the clergy is less tempt
able on the sine of indiscreet or unchaste con
duct than others, although :iovv and then the
cloth has shamefully s ,candalized its holy of
fice. In the majority of cases it is truer to pre
dict his innocence 'than his guilt. However,
unsanctified human nature U more quick to
suspect the moral leper behind a pious musk
than to detect an angel-whiteness amid the
storm of mud-throwing.
Whether Dr. Brown is Hie victim of a coterie
of designing women, or a veritable lady-killer
—he deserves, until the Police Court'proves
him unworthy— to be protected from the slings
and arrows of a world all too easily given to
detraction and criticism. Of two judgments
we may generally say the more lenient one is
the one iess likely to need revision. The
jaundiced eye ilings its own yellow eompiex
ion on the face or the person it beholds.
If the reverend gentleman has ilippantly or
foully tampered with sacred social proprieties
no doubt he has already suffered unspeakable
tortures of mind over the thought of his dual
life and its possible exposure and terrible pun
ishment. Soon by due process of law, uncier
the tierce light of the publicity of trial in open
court, his true self, whether wanton or grossly
libeled, will be uncovered. Patiently await
all the facts. It is but inexcusable haste to
condemn a man without a fair, impartial hear
ing. It is no false charity or predetermined
blindness to men's moral obliquities to caimiy
fcift all the evidence before hurling forth the
fiery torrents of indignation or unleashing the
lightnings of Sinai. A minister's unsullied
name is a priceless treasure, and to blacken or
traduce it however groundlessly is not only
to smirch his reputation but to blast his
future. While the case is pending let whisper
ing gossip sink into solemn hush and slimy
tongues cease to wag their sly Insinuations
and reckless lips stop circulating their deadly
poisons.
Xo divine can be too cautious in avoiding
the very appearance of evil. Even Henry Ward
Beecher's magnificent fame and luster of gen
ius never fully emerged from the cloud of
scandal, though millions believed him gui ty
of only little imprudenties of forehead-kissing
and nice, fatherly caresses. While fleet-footed
rumor runs wildly to and fro, and excitement
bubbles and foams high, it is well to keep cool,
and regard a distinguished moral teacher in
nocent until clearly proved otherwise. Amid
all this clack of tongues and click of wires, and
this diatribe concert In various quills, it is
hard, of course, to get at the precise truth.
Time will sober the reason and clarify the at
mosphere. Better suspend judgment than pil
lory and gibbet a guiltless man. Under the
sway of passion even immaculate virtue itself
has been made to wear the thorn-crown mid
quiver on crucifixion nails. Thus it is evident
that an important resolution for the new
year is to keep the tongue well disciplined and
undefined.
11 Dr. Brown does not stand forth a martyr
and a saint amid these inquisitorial fires of
public investigation, it is time enough to ask
Jove to aim his thunderbolts and mingle our
tears of regret with blushes of shame.
A RUSSIAN WANDERER.
One a L.ife £xile Tan! Sang Is Xow
Eager to Keturn to His Na
tive 3loscow.
In a Sixth-street lodging-house, waiting
for permission to return to his native
country, is a man who has not yet arrived
at middle age, but who has had the varied
exoerience of being condemned to life
exile in Siberia, of being twice expelled
from France and subsequently of wander
ing through Spain, the northern part of
Africa and the United States. He is Paul
Sang, a native of Moscow, Russia, and he
has been in This country for the last five
years.
Durinir his stay in this City he has been
engaged in diversified writing for different
publications. To the loc&l^ournals he has
contributed three poems— "The Appeal
While in a I'rison Cell," "The Conqueror"
and "The Cosmopolitan"— all reilections
of his reculiar personality and experience.
Speaking of his life the young Russian
said last night:
I was arrested in 1885 for having expressed
and published nihilist sentiments and I was
exiled to Biberia for life, but In 18SS I was
pardoned at St. Petersburg. In 1883 and 188-1,
when the late Alexander was Czar, I wrote
against the policy of the Russian Government
and its persecution of those whose religious
belief did not conform with the Orthodox
church. The Golos, one of the leading papen
of Moscow, published my articles.
After' my return from Siberia 1 was In France
for a time, but was expelled from that coun
try in 1890 ana ni'fiin in 1891. It was the
same old charge— nihilist sentiments. Russia
and France were really allies. France needs
Russia's assistance in the event of war with
Germany and Russia needs France in financial
matters.
When I left Russia in ISSB I had a passport
permitting me to be absent from the country
tor live y^ars. It was issued to me by the Gov
ernor of Kurland, one of the Baltic provinces.
1 showed that paper to the Russian Consuls in
Spain and in Africa, and when I explained my
destitute condition I was assisted by the Con
si:ls from their private means, the Russian
Government, unlike most other countries, fur
nishing no fund to their Consuls for such pur
poses.
Three years ago I lost the passport in Color
ado while working on the railroad. I have
just written a letter this evening to the Rus
sian Consul at Washington asking him if lie
can furnish me a document that will entitle
me to cross the frontier into my own country.
If his reply be favorable I shall have to in
form him that I have no present means oi
defraying the expenses ol travel, for lately I
have been sick and, in consequence, my earn
ings are almost exhausted.
To-night is the Russian Christmas eve, there
being v difference oi twelve days between tne
Russian calendar and the common calendar. I
was born Christmas day, I^oo, by the Russian
calendar, and so to-morrow, January <i, 1 shall
be 35 years old. For three years I have never
heurd a word from my relatives, many of
whom are well-to-do people in Moscow.
A Noted Woman.
Since the excitement in the stock mar
ket it is not very likely that Miss Alice
Cornwall of London will open an office in
Wall street. The war scare has at lea*t
frightened her to such an extent that the
will remain in London. Only a few weeks
ago it was reported that Miss Corn well
would certainly open an office in Wall
street. There is much that is odd in the
personality of Miss Cornwell. She is the
London Hetty Green, rr inus the green um
brella, black bag and gold-bowed spectacles.
Miss Cornwell has the additional advan
tage of beauty and literary talent, and is
only M years old. She is the ino^t noted
woman in London, and is much better
known as Mme. Midas, under which norn
de plume she is a frequent contributor to
a well-known weekly paper, which the has
owned for seven years, and which consti
tutes her one fad. Like everything else
she has touched the paper is a gold mine.
Miss Cornwell made her debut as a pro
moter of the Midas gold mine in t c Ar
gentine Republic. It proved to be a g i.ter
ing success. Once she went to Kimoerley,
South Africa, and, after some personal
investigation, purchased a diamond mine
which had been abandoned. In no time
it was being reworked to large profit and
has since become one of the most valuable
mines in the diamond fields. — New York
York Advertiser.
Odd Foods From Germany.
The many German provinces are large
exporters of odd foods t»» the United
States. Besides such common products as
sauerkraut, sausages, pickled herrings and
soused mackerel, they'send hares and wi.d
boars in the winter time; a curious con
fection called matzapan, which is made of
wnite sugar, cream and blanched almonds;
various kinds of bread, pastry and confec
tionery. Occasionally they send cabbages
and potatoes. The former are smaller
than our own, but are usually more deli
cate and finer flavored. The latter are
small, round and altocether inferior to our
own product. Other foods are goose
breast.s, whi' h are dried, smoked and
pickled; special kinds of ham, for which,
it should be added, they charge special'
prices, and a very delicious mushroom,
which is grown in caverns along the Rhine
and the other river courses.— Philadelphia
Times.
Sala's Fiery Temper.
George Augustus Sala had a peculiarly
uncertain temper. Once at a dinner given
by him in honor of Henry Irving, lord
Rosebery, who was among the guests
made a speecn, gently bantering the actor'
Sala instantly took offense, and delivered
a terrific tirade which beean with "Archi
bald Philip Primrose, Earl of Roseberv
you have dared this night to insult a mail
who has served his country in every quar
ter of the globe." And" so on at great
length, with tremendous vehemence. The
table was thunderstruck, but Lord Rose
bery made another speech, which soothed
the hery veteran, and finally reduced him
to tears.
SCORES THE SOLID EIGHT
The Rev. W. W. Case Lays a
Great Many Evils at
Their Dpor.
Chooses as His Text "Let His Days
Be Few and Let Another Take
His Office."
Dr. W. W. Case of the Howard-street
Methodist Church delivered a severe ar
raignment last evening of the "Solid
Eight" and took the Civic Federation to
task because it has, as he said, assumed
too lofty a position and not stooped to
cleanse the lower evils, such as dives and
improper pictures on billboards that ap
pear in different places around the city.
He chose his text from psalm cix:B: "Let
his days be few and let another take his
office."
"I think," said the doctor, "this might
apply very well to the 'Solid Eight.' It is
astonishing how the Bible has a text for
everything.
"Thf question is being asked, 'Should
the Civic Federation Jive or die?' It has
done something in the past, but it has
not done all it should have done.
"Its purpose is good; the question of
municipal government is a live question,
and one which will receive yet more atten
tion in days to come.
"The cities are now controlling the
masses of the people, but politic- in ihe
city is run by rings, and the people, you
and I, if we vote at all, we vote like serfs.
You and I are too respectable to go to a
political caucus or to attend those pre
liminaries where the pipes are laid and
the machinery prepared. And you and 1
are led along little innocent lambs.
"There is something: practical in the idea
of a civic federation, but not much for it at
the present time. 1 do not know if we
should blame the Civic Federation as much
as the people who have shown so much
apathy.
"Manly support is wanted to help it ac
complish its aims. The Civic Federation
has been a little bit on the bigh hone
and allowed lowly things to escape its at
tention. There exists a multitude of evils
that lirst should be considered, and ' this
blindness is not for lack of public sym
pathy.
"Let a clergyman be accused of immor
ality, and all the people within the city
walls hold up their hands in holy horror.
This is one indication that there is left a
trace of morality in the human race. This
isapowenul indication, and it shows there
is a moral sense right here in San Fran
cisco. But why do not some of the City
Fathers have a little of this moral sense?
"It would not take them an hour t<
'rar.ie a law which would cleanse oil' every
billboard in this City. Why don't they do
it? Have they no sisters, no mothers, no
wives?
"It seems to me that if a man has a
spark of manhood in him he would sweep
away these vile things that debauch our
children. Must we get down on our knees
and pray! Must we gat up great, bij; pe
titions I
"1 hold the Board of Supervisors re
sponsible for it and all the evil it engen
ders.
"Let the Civic Federation get down a
little from its stilted uosition and take
tl.t >c tilings into consideration.
"Let it punch up our City Fathers and
see that oltices and contracts are not given
to favored bidders. More men than are
employed are on the City's payroll.
•Let the Chic Federation awake and
form a committee of a hundred men and
let these things be thoroughly looked tc.
FIENDISH PLEASURE.
An Kaat Indian Woman Who Wan as
CrMl as She Was Beautiful.
In person the Begum Somru was small,
with a graceful, softly rounded figure, a
complexion of dueling fairness, large
black eyes full of animation, delicately
chiseled features, and a hand and arm of
such perfect symmetry that native Doeti
sang of them as matchless wonders of
beauty. Her dress was always in exquisite
taste and of the costliest material. She
spolce Persian and Hindoostanee fluently.
Her manners were charming, and her con
versation spirited, sensible and engaging.
riut as a set-off to this Jong array of per
sonal attractions', her character was de
le-table. Bue was cruel, vindictive ami
tie;' i herons. If one of her servants dis
pleased or disobeyed her, she would order
hi?- nose and ear> to be cut off in her pres
ence ami watch the mutilation with
gusto, while she placidly smoked her
bookab.
When cie of her dancing offended
her by attracting the attention of v favor
ite 1 liicer, she, in a tit of furious jealousy,
ordered the on for Innate }. r irl to be buried
alive. '1 'hern, was a small vault under the
pavement of a saloon in which the nautch
dances wero held, and in that vault the
Begum 'aw her victim bricked up. When
the horrible work was done, she com
manded the other nautch girls to come out
and dance over the grave in which their
still-living sister was entombed. Accord
ing 10 one account — denied by some of
those who have investigated the'story — the
Begum, that s c Qiigbt extract the last
drops of fiendish pleasure out of the cup
of rtvenge, had her couch placed exactly
over the vault.- — Boston Post.
NEW TO-DAT.
EVERLASTING
GRATITUDE
fs due the men who discovered and gave
tothe suffering mi.li oni the wond rfa
anti-malarial and invigorating Peruvian
Bark; but even more to the man who
presented it to the public in the palatable
and doubly efficacious form of atat>le
Peruvian bitters
StaSSffi Ee^SJ tV 0 "" *°
of malaria, ague grippe cold, ,* ***'?*
tacks y 9 tern 8O im l ™» to'thoir^t!
«d*d. c .V;;. 8 .-" PranCiSCO - ai. dru S .
«*@ <?»f*s» few *-* i »BirllUliy|^aJ! IILW 8 UlSSaELJViulizer.theprescnp.
I(fS#H "° French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
U\ x\jwu "^ (t J. nola i an3OU; » French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner*
5? \ iSed/ \r /M t OU3 or , uisoosea of the generative organg, such as Lost Manhood,
a 1 i&^lk *f VimL ■* > " 801 ? r a alnsln Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility.
w \^ jp V u *-iT i, lm Pjes, Vnfitness to Marry, iixlmusting Drains, Varicorele and
% ' \_y \o^^y '-obstipation. It stops nil losses by day or night. Prevents (illicit*
ii oprn n i- 7^"*^ !?, s ?. oI discharge, which If not chec\c*<l leads to Spermatorrhoea and
| HC.HJRE and AFTER al ' tn e horrors of Impotency. <:irß»ll>KWE cleanses theUver, U»«
CUPIDENE strengthens T tt nrtV' 3 , and the '"-fnary organs of aU impurlUea,
The reason pufferer^ ffrn ? restores small weak organs. cent are tronbled wftt,
Promalit.n crpinFx'p^ JJ ot cured b^ i">ctors Is becnuse ninety per cent are tronbled wHh
als. A written sruaranteepivin lne . onl known reined/ to cure without an operation. sMXHfi<t!m<.ni.
11.00 a box, six for is oo brvTai? r dtt \ n . y returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cura
Addr P « t^ , "b-^t ' , d fnr FBEE circular an.! testimonials.
uuress DAVOL BIEDICINJB CO., 632 MarKet s.re.t. San Francisco, Cal. For Sale by
Ul\OOKs>' i'i.lAlUl.i.m, 119 Powell itrdM
BLACK IH THE FACE.
its*- ,
Black in the face means that yonr liver
is disordered, that yotk are constipated,
that you are a weak man. When you are
a weak man, you need the great Hudyan.
Hudyan will cure certain forms of consti-
pation, certain forms of liver and kidney
affections and will restore to you your lost
power.
Hudyan can be had from the Hudson
Medical Institute and from no one else.
The great Hudyan is for Nervous Debility,
Nervous Exhaustion and Lost Manhood.
Send for circulars and testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. The a come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellla Sts.
lilVEK— When your liver la aflected yon
may feel blue, melancholy, Irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you ret:
do not have. You need a good liver regula: -,
and this you should take at once. You can g)t
it from us. Write for book on liver trouble*,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because to many men live rapia
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish ta
hare your kidneys put m good order aend foi
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make tha
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Better than
Broths
yiand
i [Bouillon
\ "The ordinary soups, broths
r and beef teas are worthless"
and beef teas are worthless" say
A eminent physicians.
\ ■'• COCOA is the most nourish-
f ing and easily digested liquid
0 food known to science.
\ Dyspeptics are compelled to
r drink it instead of tea and coffee.
f
j Ghirardelli' s
COCOA
J is made here— not long in get-
I ting to you, therefore FRESH-
EST ; therefore STRONGEST
most NOURISHING, most
ECONOMICAL.
4ZARNYSI
TSTHEVERY O.\E Till VAMIXKYOUR
-»- eyes and lit them to Spectacles or I^yeglaise*
witn instruments of hla own Invention, who**
•uperiorlty has i_<n been equaled, ily aucceu iiu
been due to the merits of my worls.
Ollice Himrs— 12 to i i\ it.
~ RIGGS HOUSE,
The JUotel "Par Kxcpllcmc"
Of the JSatio&ai Capital. First class In all appolnl-
meuta. o. I>k\VITT. ireas.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
'hH6S h SEMI-ANNUAL TtRM
OF THE OKBAN SCHOOL, AT 2124 CALN
fornia street, will begin on M"NI>AY,Jan. 6,
1896. .Mr. C. Brier «i;i begin tii.-i lectures on I'liy-
sics <>arly in the coming year. A department lor
very younsr boys will be added to tb< school.
A'ATHAX \V. MOOKE, Pricnlpal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES 11. PHILLJP9, ATTORXKT-AT
Jaw and JNotery Pub.ie, 638 Uaiketie_ 0000.
tltefalaca iioi^ JU««:Utue» IS^UFeUM. f*e«
: f>fcOtteb7U.LOGIC OPPOSES FUNDING.
How the Reilly Bill Was Con
sidered by Congressman
Caminetti.
A BRILLIANT ARRAY OF FACTS.
The Amador Statesman's Speech Shows
His Value to the Committee
of Fifty.
Only favorable comment is hoard of The
■ tion that <■■ --man
netti be sent to Washington to as
'.imittee of Fifty in lighting the
ing bilL Mr. Caminetti r 8 earnest
work against thisproposed Bteal of the
tern Pacific's in tlie Fifty-third Con
erress is a matter of record. It was recog
nized that his statements were authorita
tive, bein? the result of exhaustive in
gation and his efforts therefore bore
much wieght.
Mr. Caminetti'a ideas upon the Reilly
refunding bill were expressed in an elo-
EX • CONGRESSMAN A. CAMINETTL
a photograph. I
quent address delivered on February 2,
just after the matter was referred
to its committee. They possess par
ticular interest now and show how he
; be of value in the present struggle
against the great corporation. He spoke
as follows :
A ereat deal hns been said about the so-called
"California idea" for the ament of the
Pacific Kailrora question. As some have
spoken of it in derision I, feel called upon to
j explain it in Us application to a bill to enforce
' existing laws relating to these railroads and
provide for their management by the United
States as military and x>ost roads.
There is nothing Utopian about it. It is the
logical result of tendencies in the existing sys
tem that cannot be avoided inder private con
trol. What has happe was foretold over a
half century ago. The California, idea is na
tional and in sympathy with the highest aspi
rations of the people for better government
and a more equitabie distribution of Its bene
ficial features among the mass.es. * * •
I appreciate the sentiment existing against
Government nership of railroads, but a care
ful examination will develop the fact that it
has not been based on the ground that it could
not flourish or be safely conducted at reduied
cost to the people. With some people this op
position is encouraged, both for and by selfish
motives. H can be readily imagined that pow
ers s-o pregnant with resources, possessing in
lluontial ramitications, can find supporters as
■well as apologists. * * *
The principal source of this opposition,
however, can be traced to the fear that such
ownership, owing to the great influence it
■would lodge in the party in power over a vast
army of ' • -holders, and, indirectly, over the
masses/ would be prejudicial to the Republic.
The civil service has illustrated by its results
that this danger is greatly magnified.
The powers now in control of the railroad
interests Of this country are a thousand times
more dangerous to the well-being of the citi
tpu, to the free cercise of the public functions
by the various branches of our Government,
and to the existence of our institutions, than
the strongest . litions that their ownership
by the liovernment could possibly produce
even under the spoUs system. It. would at least
possess the element of accountability to the
people, while that to which we are now subject
is an onsible authority not recognized by
our constitution, usurping Governmental pre
r'.pa'.. at every Drtunity, and abetting
the worst form of political corruption.
Mr. Caminetti explained that Govern
iwnership need not be general and
that tiie Government d:d not need to go
into the transportation business, 110 held
that the Government ownership of the
: trunk lines between the cen
• luction an ::kotsopen
to ail on equal rates of toil would hold in
check the tendency to create monopolies.
The management, he hell, could be under
i of the army, and there
a better and cheat" ; service than
could De hoped for under private manage
ment.
Mr. Caminetti spoke of the opinion given
in 189! umrnissioner of Railroads
that tue Government could not operate
railioads profitably. He contended tbat
the Government should not want to make
profits. At the same time be quoted the
experienced im, Prussia, B
and Mexico to show tbat not only did the
Government railroads earn money but
that they were of inestimable value'in de
veloping latent resources. He said:
What o:her nations hare done and are now
me can do.
1 do not despair of success. Only a few
years ago leading statesmen denied the right
ral Government to expend money in
river improvements. Now no appropriation is
more popular and uon« ■ :ieittl iv re-
Thusitwil] be with Government rail
roads to and from the great centers of com
merce and production.
in case of the non-ps I ,c debt due
by the Pacific railroadsa magnificent oppor
tunity is presented for the beginning ot the
a in transportation, which will emanci
pate the toiler.- and producers ol the lund and
scatter its- benefits in every direction.
Mr. Caminetti said at the time that the
Vast interests of the Southern Pacific would
make it once more attempt to get favor
able legislation, lie then explained cer
tain amendments he had intended to make
bad the bill been read completely, which,
be said, would preserve to the Government
certain privileges worth untold millions
which would be lost were the Reilly bill
passed in its original form, lie compared
the cost, % . of the Pacilic rail
roads with their capitalization of $268,302,
--462. Fares and freights he claimed, should
be regulated by right and not by a com
parison with this iictitious capitalization.
In concluding his convincing array'of facts
and figures he sai-i in speaking of the tem
porary victory of the opponents of the
Reilly bill:
It is to be hoped that Congress will not ro
verse the judgment it has just rendered. To
retreat now would wipe away a record which,
it adhered 10, will cause the Mity-ihird Con
gress to live in hi-tory as having made the iir.st
turn in that long lane which th« oppressed toil
ers of the country had almost believed had no
ending.
An incident illustrating the truth ot this
»redit'.ion took place boon after the now fam-
I oiis rollcall, when, amid the applause of the
I visitors and the excitement ol the moment, a
: lady In the members' gallery, answering a
■ query of the representative! of the English
stockholders of the Central Pacific Railroad,
"What have they done?" said:
"They have recommitted your bill without
instructions. Go tell your Englian friends that
yo'.i to-dfty ha»e witnessed an exhibition of
American manhood and honesty."
That Is the universal verdict". Good effects
lire notieeablo everywhere. People have re
i fuith in our institutions and in the
honesty <>f purpose of their public servants.
In California, where fur twenty years it was
sought without avuil to organize a competitive
■.from sh-.i Francisco to the Interior of
, the State, over $2,000,000 were subscribed in a
week after that memorable day.
- and towns are vying with
one another in fostering the great enterprise.
The organization is now complete, and
ground will be broken in a few weeks.
Encouraged by the victories gained in this
• Centre**, the people have awakened to a just
I tion of the responsibilities resting upon
this body in the future.
Woe to the man or party taking a backward
■tcp in this battle against the usurpations of
corporate power!
THE MAYOR TALKS.
He Indorses Caminetti and Says
We N°<-d Money Wher«wlth
to Figrtit the Octopus.
Mayor Sntro when seen at his home at
Sutro Heights yesterday said that the only
advices he had from Washington in con
nection with the funding bill were that the
address to the members of the Senate and
House of Representatives, which he drafted
for the purpose of drawing their attention
to the endeavor of the Huntington con
tingent to saddle a debt of $80,000,000 upon
! the people of the Pacific Coast, had been
! distributed and that copies had been sent
j to all the leading papers in the United
States.
"That was the only way," said the
Mayor, "that this could be got before the
' men chosen to represent the people. The
more 1 think of the matter the more I be
come convinced that the people are utterly
indifferent to their interests. If they paid
one-ienth the attention to the funding bill
that they do to the Brown- Davidson scan
dal the chances for the passage ot the bill
would be greatly diminished.
"The Senate committee on the Pacific
railroads is no better for the coast than
: the one named in the House of liepre
i sentatives. it is the same thing — all for
the octopus. It is a shame to think that
those who are representatives, or sup-
I to be representatives, of the people
can lend themselves to assist stich a
scheme as the octopus will try to engineer
through Congress and lay themselves open
to a charge of bribery." There is an im
mense sack to be used by the octopus to
carry this measure, and it will be used
freely.
"Talk about the glorious American flag
and patriotism and the Monroe doctrine
with regard to a little piece of land down
in South America that no one cares about!
That is all very well, but there wouid be a
greater Bbow of patriotism if the men in
Washington would look out for the inter
; est of their own people, stand up fairly
; and squarely for their rights and insist
that the railroad company meet its obliga
-1 tions.
"Now, mark my words, if the octopus
succeeds in passing the funding bill, it will
become all-powerful, and it will not be
long before all competing roads will be
wiped out of existence."
Speaking.of Thb Call's suggestion that
ex-Congressman Caminetti would be a
suitable man to send to Washington to
fight the funding bill, the Mayor said:
"Mr. Caminetti is a good man, and he did
well during the last light. Still it is money
more than men we need just now. It is
money, for without money men cannot be
sent on to Washington. Get the money
first, and then talK of the men afterwards.
I have no rcnort from our committee yet,
but suppose it has collected some money.
It may have some three rfr four thousand
dollars. A"nice amount that to light a cor
poration tnat is willing to spend an un
limited amount to bribe any one who will
help it.
"I believe that during the coming week
the octopus will move in this matter, and
will hurry it, for it does not want it to
drag along and come up when the elec
tions will begin to occupy the attention of
legislators."
JOHN CURRIES LECTURE.
The Scotch Kvangolist Speaks of His
Footracing Kxperiencea.
Donald Currie, the Scotch evangelist,
lectured yesterday aftf moon to members
of the Young Men's Christian Association.
Mr. <urrie gave an account of his life as a
footracerand backer of footracers when he
was well kno<vn over two continents be
fore his conversion.
He told of his efforts as an evangelist
! and gave an interesting account of his ex
periences as such among his former as
; sociates. the footracers of thirty or forty
i years ago.
-Next Sunday Dr. Voorsanger will deliver
, the afternoon lecture to young men, tak
ing for bis subject, "Character Building
and Social Evils/ 1 This will be the first of
a series of lectures to be given by nromi-
I nent ministers of the City.
Kni K ht» of the Forest.
The seventh grand annual banquet of the
Knights of the Forest recently, at Scottish
Hull, was a highly successful affair in Cale
donian fraternal circles. Ii was the most
numerously attended of any yet given by the
organization. Pipe-Major Neil Lindsay sup
plied lively mosio to an appreciative audience.
John Bpence installed the following otlicers for
the ensuing year: President, William C. Brown ;
vice-president, William Anderson; secretary
James Strang; treasurer, Fred Nager; finan
cial secretary, Charles Eeid; chaplain. Findlay
McGregor, and piper, Neil Lindsay.
Seurat, who was shown as a living skel
eton in England in 1825, was 27 years old.
He was live feet seven and a half inches
high, and his bones were merely covered
with liis <lry parchment skin. The upper
joints of the arms were four inches round.
The distance from the chest to the back
bone was but throe inches. The shoulder
blade-bones were scarcely an inch asunder.
His appetite was cood. The pulsation of
the heart was visible to the eye.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANE AH Y 6, 1896.
LEAD BORED THE BLACK
Crowds of Marksmen Compete
for Prizes at Schuetzen
Park.
JACOBY EAN THE GREAT SHOW.
The Season of Rifle-Firing at Targets
in the West Opened Au
spiciously.
Yesterday was the first competition day
of tne year at Schuetzen Park and Philo
Jacoby was the busiest man in Marin
County. He conducted the great match in
all of its innumerable features, ana kept
marksmen, markers and scorers at their
various posts. He helped Captain Schue
mann to make an admirable success of the
affair at Schuetzen I'ark.
The affair was eminently successful and
it has been already recorded in the club
annals as one of the greatest festivals ever
held.
The festival matches were for $125 in
cash prizes. The first prize in the shoot
ing was won by Brunotte with a total of
97 rings out of a possible 100. The other
maiksmen won prizes in the following
order:
Strecker 96, John Utschig 96, Schuster 95,
Finking 94, A. Dtschig 'J4, McLaughlin 94,
Jacoby 93, Brown 03, Hanger 93, A. Ehr>-npfort
93, Burmeister 92, Thierbach 92, Reubold !>2,
Miss Lizzie Utschig 92, Horstmann 92, Faktor
92, Kuhls 91, Bendel 91, W. Khrenufort 90.
The first bullseye was by Reubold; the
last by Dtschig "in the forenoon. Thier
bach made the iirst in the afternoon, and
John Dtschig wound up the shoot with the
last led Hag of the day. The greatest
number of red flags was scored by John
Utschig. He found the target for nineteen
of them. Philo Jacoby got seven and
Sanger six.
Tiie monthly modal shoot of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club resulted in class
scores in the following order:
First champion class, Strecker 452; second
champion class, Klein 413; iirst class, Bendel
4"J(>; second class, Finking 4v'7; fourth class,
Eglng3s3; Finking iirst best shot, Schuster
last best shot.
The National Guardsmen of Company D,
Fiftli Infantry, made these scores:
Dawson 46, Robinson 40, Smith 44, Elliott
44, Modliod 44, Boyen 4'J., Archer 4'J, Jones -1 1 ,
11, freant#n 41, J. Mulhern 40, Murray
40, Schoeneman 4»>, F. Mulhern l<>, Butter
worth 40, Vanderbilt 3!i, Fallon 39, Martens
39, Scott 39, .Smith ;>!), Bustin :>!•, Reiily 39,
Jobannsen 38,McNamara38, Eden 37, tverson
:i'.». Haley ;{T, Robinson :t7, Schlossei :>ti.
Schneider ;-ti>, Lunuey :>t>. Mohr ;-io', Collau
more 30', Donahoe oti, I, • 1 Ornee 35, Ward 30.
The Union Guard Rifle Club, composed
of members of the National Guard com
pany known as B of the Third Infantry
before the recent reorganization, did some
shouting at the Schuetzen Park range.
The scores recorded were the following:
Riehi 4t3, Brown 44, Kennedy 43, Ehrenpfort
43. Robertson 42, Walden 40, Brusher 41,
Jacoby39, Broderiek as), Furnanz ;>!), Atwater
37, l>avis 36, Kerehner 35.
The shooting section of the Verein
Kintracht in the class champions rated as
foliows:
Championship class— Kuhls. 392; first duss,
Benner, 339; second class, Rohrer, 311; third
class, Strob., 307. The best first shot was fired
by Benner, ami w»s a '_M. The best of the
final shuts was Auwcr's, 'J3.
The cadets of the California Schuetzen
Club had a match and the scores were
these :
First Class, F. aiehl 405; second class, H.
Kuhls :»i- The best first shot was fired t>y
Charles Sagehorn Jr., and whs a k S,i. A. Keu
boid won with another 23, when the young
men tried iur the last beet snot.
The firing of members of the shooting
section of the Grutli Verein resulted as
follows:
Champion class. A. Oohret 416; first c'hss
BaunigartntT 387; second <-ms>., Frei 414'
third <!ft!-s, Hauser 372. The lirst best shot
was flred by < harles Ott, and was a I\. John
Freci scored '24 for the last best shot prize.
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
An Interesting Score Riddle Grows
Out of a Friendly
Match.
There was considerable interesting shoot
ing yesterday at the Shell Mound range.
The interest was not so much in the num
bers shooting or the importance of the
events as in the points involved. The
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club was repre
sented by its most enthusiastic marksmen,
and considerable time was devoted to ex
perimenting with F. O. Young's new
target. In order to put the 200-yard target
to a test Young fired several strings of
shots, and his best ten, with muzzle rest,
was 24, 24, 23, 26, 23, 25, 24, 24, 24, 25, or a
total of 242 points. These scores were
estimated on the basis of the German
point target. A. H. Pape fired on the
Btandard target and made 99 out of a pos
sible 100.
On the pistol and small rifle range a
number of excellent practice scores were
made. Ed Hovey and Charles Daiss did
some excellent work, the former making
93 with the target pistol. Mr. and Mrs. L.
Rutherford also tir^d many shots. The
lady did remarkably well with the small
rifle, off-hand, making two scores of !<n.
Two of the most enthusiastic members
of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club came from Big Pine, Inyo County,
and they showed wonderful improvement
over their former work. They were Ed
ward Trudo and Fred Conn.
The militia men have cause to concratu-
Jate themselves over the improvement they
have made in rifle-shooting during the
past few years. The force in the adjutant
general's office at Sacramento has recently
been hard at work compiling (he target
scores of 1895, and the result shows an
astonishing Improvement over those of
former years. These scores were made by
boys and veterans, in hot valleys with
glimmering atmosphere ana beside the
windy seashore.
The scores in the adjutant-general's of
fice show that in 1892 there were but thir
teen members in the National Guard who
had averaged !*0 per cent. In 1893 this
number had increased to thirty-one, in
1894 to fifty-nine, and last year there were
over IOC.
The next National Guard championship
shoot, which will be held next month,
promises to be one of the most interesting
events of the kind ever held In the State.
Adjutant-General Allen, now at Sacra
mento, states that it will probably con
sume two days or more, but cannot say
where it will be held, as this will depend
largely on what the people are willing to
do toward taking it to Sacramento.
Yesterday the members of Company A
of the Fifth, stationed at Oakland, held a
practice score with the following results:
Robinson 20, Donahoe 33, McConaick 42,
Peterson 37, Deeds 35, G. \Y. Puckett 38 Slack
:if>, Alvord 39, P. Poulter 55. a. A. Puckett 42
Dickinson 3!i, Downie 40, Tymecson §3
Vaughn 42, < laptain Poulter 42, J'.itiletieid •! L
Jnhnegain 30, Fellows 19, Leaiy 32, !Me-
Killican 35.
Three of A's men shot a friendly match
of ten shots each, which resulted in a
tanele that they would like to have the
authorities in military shooting decide.
It was a complication tnat might not arise
in a thousand years. The contestants
were J. M. Vaughn, G. \V. Puckett and
W. J. Downie. The conditions were that
Downiu gave Puckett two points and
Vaughn one point. The following scores
were made:
Vaughn 4 5 3 4 3 4 5 4 5 4—41
Purkett 5 4 6 4 '2 4 4 4 5 4—41
l»ownie 444454454 4—42
The question is, Which man won by
points and Cretdiuore ? The solution of
this riddle by rifle-shooting authorities
would be very interesting.
The regular shoot of the Krieper Verein
sharp-shooters resulted in the following
scores :
Champion class, J. Engisch 341 points; first
class, X. Biegel 331; second class, M. Lenge
feld l(i«); third-class, D. Oeltgen 2SB; first best
shot, E. Oeltpen 24; last best shot, J. Engiseh
24; most bullseyes, George Hetzel.
♦ —
RIFLEMEN TO UNITE.
Preparations for the Formation of
the Proposed Rifle Association
In the State.
A number of the prominent National
Guard officers interested in the devel
opment of rifle practice at the military
ranges have been working for some time
in tne direction of arranging a meeting of
military authorities and establishing a
State Rifle Association. Matters have now
been pretty well prepared and it is ex
pected that the convention of military
marksmen wiil be held before the end of
the month. The promotion of the well
being of the military marksmen has been
discussed at headquarters, and Generals
Dimuiid, Barrett and Warfield have ex
pressed themselves in favor ol some plan
by which such an end might be attained.
Tne commanding officers of regiments
and companies throughout the State have
been consulted with regard to the project
of concentrating all the enthusiasm in mil
itary marksmanship in a rilleman's asso
ciation, and the scheme has been generally
approved. The encoura ement accorded
it has been of such a gratifying kind that
several of the City officers propose to hold
a meeting immediately.
It is intended to combine all the regi
ments in ti'-e fSiate in one organization for
the development of the rifle-hring sci
ence. Representatives from the several
brigades and regiments will be present to
suggest methods by which this may be
done and a temporary organization will be
effected at once.
The new ride association will very prob
ably be organized on the lines of the old
association which had controi of tne prac
tice some few years ago.
There is considerable talk in the service
about securing a range on this side of the
bay, and it is intended that preparations
shall be made at once to send ;i crack team
from California to the Eastern competi
tion a in the autumn.
COURSING AT OCEAN VIEW
Little Bob and Magpie Divided
the Bulk of the Money-
Yesterday.
Tempest and Butcher Boy Were Run
ners Up— Good Hares and
a Big Crowd.
Three hundred followers of the leash
saw a thirty-dog stake run down to the
finals at Ocean View coursing park yes
terday and witnessed some of the best
rnnnins that has taken place on this coast
for many nays. The grain-fed hares in !
the paddock were in a running mood, and,
beyond a little difficulty in netting them ;
into the open field, were all that could be
desired.
When they did reach the open ground it
took the fleetest of the bounds to run
them down, and out of the twenty-nine
coursed thirteen escaped scot free to fur
nish sport :or another clay. One crafty
old fellow with :i white hind lee came out
for his fourth bout with the dogs, and in
spite of his best efforts speedy Magpie was
unable to catch him.
Tne pool- box did a heavy business, the
occasional win of a ihort-e&der keeping
those who objected to nuttine up long
odds on favorite.* in good humor. Follow
ing is the result of the run-down :
Richmond kennel's Richmond Boy beat Fal
eon kennel's White Hose, IJ.1 J . Ryan's Magpie beat
T. Flynn's Bowery Boy, Villa kennel's Maud <;
beat J. Kranshnw's Earthquake, T. Flynn'a
Empire bent Potrero kennel's Lily, Richmond
kennel's Longfellow bea' C. Anderson's Nigger,
.1. Bradshaw's Merced Flyer a bye, Vlllaken- ;
d< i'B Tempest beatM. Sicotte'sStamboul Queen, )
G. O'Brien's Little Bob beat W. Reid's Belle B,
J. Tracy's J O C beat Potrero kennel's Larine,
M. K'-rri^Rn's White Cloud beat ME. O'Connor's
Koxhall, Richmond kennel's Lady Richmond I
beat T. Ford's Magpie, \v. Creamer's Regent
beat J. Hannan's American Boy, Sunrise ken
ael'a Jennie Liiul beat T. Ford's Lilly M,C.
Evans' Dashaway beat C. Hooker'? Duke, sun
rise kennel's Butcher Boy beat C. Hooker's
Trilby 11.
First ties — Richmond Boy a bye, Magpie beat
Maud G, Longfellow beat Empire, Tempest a
bye. Little Bob beat J O C, White Cloud beat
Lady Richmond, Regent beat Jenuy Lind,
Buicher Boy beat Dashawny.
Second ties— Maarpie beat Richmond Hoy,
Tempest beat Longfellow, Little Bob beat
White Cloud, Butcher Boy beat R sent.
Third ti< — Magpie neat Tempest, Little Bob
beat Butcher Boy.
prizes, 820, $10, *r>. j:>.
Judge, Ed Ciiuiivfti! ; slipper, John Cranston.
Little Bob and Magpie went out for the
final, but as the judge lust sight of them
in the darkness after a short half of the
field had been covered he declared it "no
course." The two owners decided to di
vide first and second money, but for the
sake of settling the question of »he merits
of the two hounds the final will be run off
before the beginning of the $1 stake, which
will be run on Sunday next. Butcher Boy
and Tempest mine in for third and fourth
prizes, respe'ci ively.
A stake ;tt $2 50 entrance will be run on
Sunday, the 19th inst. The drawing for
next Sunday's meeting will take place on
Thursday evening next at !<ls Market
street.
OLYMPICS WIN AGAIN.
Paoifica Piled Up Seven Kung iv the
Lucky Seventh by a Sequence of
Star Batters.
Manager Kennedy of the Olympic Club
smiles Mandly, for his baseball boys have
won their tenth game from the Pacifies,
altbougn in yesterday's exciting contest
the latter team had such star professional
aid as Tread way, Lang and Stanley added
to their already remarkable collection of
disengaged heroes of the once-remunera
tive professional tield.
The features of the game were the bat
ting of Monahan, who got three doubles
and a sacrifice; the base-stealinpof Mertes,
who took three bags in one inning, and the
not unexpected lucky stick work of the
Pacifies when they bunched their good
hitters in the seventh and pulled them
selves out of a very deep hole.
Following is the detailed score :
Olympics. a.b. k. b.k. s.b. P.o. a. k.
Monahun. s. a 5 S 3 1 11 1
O'Kane, C 4 110 6 10
Powers. 1 b 6 12 .3 0 11 0 ' 0
Merte.s, 3 b 5 1 2 8 0 1 .3
Beckett,2b 1 0 11-250
Krup, r.f 4 0 10 110
Oosgrove, c. f.; 4 0.1 04 1 o
UeinmelJ, 1. 1.........3 111 110
Cooney, p 3 10 0 110
Totals 37 9 33 6 27 12 3
PACIFICS. A.B. K. B.H. 8.8. P.O. A. K.
PequiKney,3bands.s.4 2 10 3 4 0
Treadway,r.f.andc.i'.s - 1 2 0 8 0 0
J.anu, s. s. und 1 b...5 13 0 9 10
\Mliles, Ib. andl. f..5 0 2OXOO
Hanly, lib ......5. 1110 3 0
Walters, s. s. and r.f.5 1 8 1 ii 1 '0
Stanley, c 5 0 0 0 5 0 0
UeliDus, r. f. ands. 5..4 1 10 0 0 '2
lberg, p... 3 110 0 2 0
Totals.. 41 8 14 8 94 li 9
BUNS BY INNINGS.
OlympiCß.. 4 3 0 10 10 0 *— 9
Pacifies o 0100070 0-8
Struck out—By Coouey 3, by Iber^ 8. Earnea
runs— Olympics 3, Pacifies 3. iiu by pitcher—
O'Kune. Two-base hits— Monahan 8, Powers .',
Wildea, Walters. Sacriiice hlu— Beckett, Blona
hau, U'uliers, Wildes.' . Bases on culled balls—
Olympics 3, I'aciiics 2. ijoublo plays— Lanir to
Wildes, Cooney to I'owers, Cosgrove to O'Kaiie,
Beckett to Monahau to Powers. i tme of cami — 1
hour and 45 minutes. Scorer— Oeorge McComb.
Umpire— J. McDonald. ' Attendance— 6oo. :
Railway laborers in Holland average
from 36 ccu ib to 70 cents per day.
ENDED SOCIETY'S WEEK
Pleasant Dinner Dance at the
Richelieu With Many
Hostesses.
THOSE WHO WERE PRESENT.
Pierce Reception in Oakland — Surprise
Parties — Seasonable Festivities.
Personals.
The week wound up most pleasantly
with the dinner dance at the Hotel Riche
lieu. Tne dining-room was prettily deco
rated with smilax and the tables were
nicely arranged. During the service
of the dinner there was music, and after
dinner the dance began and lasted until
midnight, when a delicious supper was
enjoyed.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace L. Hill had among
their guests Colonel S. B. M. Young, Miss
Marjorie Young. Miss Mamie Burling, Dr.
Lorin and several others.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Butler's guests were:
Miss Lizzif* Carroll, Miss Frances Currey,
Lieutenant Milton F. Davis, Lieutenant F.
A. "Wilox, Miss Emma Builer and Lieu
tenant T. F. Rulini.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Ellicott Dad as their
guests Miss Kip, Miss Mary Kip, Allan St.
John Bowie a.id Everett N. Bee.
Mrs. B. Mosley entertained Mrs. E. B.
Coleman, Miss B landing, W. H. Magoe,
E. M. Greenway and Dr. M. Hertzstein.
Mr. and Mrs. Torn Magee had as their
guests the Misses Hush and L. 8. Adams.
Among others at dinner were Mr. and
Mrs. E. P. Pre.ston atid Miss Preston and
the Misses Preston, Miss Ida Gibbons,
Morton Gibbons, General James W. Por
syth, MLss Williams, Miss Hannah Wil
liams, Miss Mamie Findley, Louis Bruguiere
and Lieutenant W. R. Smedberg, Mr. and Mrs.
Beno Hun, Mr. and Mrs. Moses Heller, l>r. and
Mr*. Charles B. Hrigharn, Mrs. George M.
Stoney, Mrs. Samuel iinrt, Caauncey Board
man, 'Miss Etipley, Danfocth Boardman, Mrs.
John Boggs, Miss Alice Hoggs, Miss Eleanor
Wood, Mr. and Mrs. Bert Morrow, Peter J. Dona
hue. Mr. and Mrs. I'cter McG. Mcßean, Miss
Mcfiean, Mr. and Mrs. Cutter I'aige, Mr. and
Mrs. A. S. Tubbs, Miss Cora Smedberg, Baron
yon Balveron and many others.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Henshaw of Oakland
gave a dinner party last Saturday evening to
which a dozen of their most select friends
were invited.
According to their usual custom Mr. and
Mrs. Orestes Pierce oi Oakland received a
number ol their friends on New Year's day at
their home onVernon street. Mr. and Mr-.
Pierce were assisted iv receiving by Mrs. J. H.
T. Watkinson, Miss! Amy McKee, Miss Belle
M'hoon and a numb r of Other young ladies.
|[Mr. and Mrs. 8. M . Hassett of A lamed a in
vited a number of friends to their home to
celebrate New Year's with them, and a pleas
ant time was had.
A very enjoyable surprise party was given to
Miss Sailie Cllne on New Year's eve at her resi
dence, 733 Eddy street. An elaborate supper
was served, alter which all the re
mained to see the old year out and the new
year in. Among the guests were: Miss Sailie
Cllne, Miss Eva Jacobs, Miss May Selig, Miss
Celia Ptchner. Misa Lily Busman, Miss iio.-ie
Canen. Miss Blan< he Latz, Miss Miriam Morris,
Miss Bapette 'line; Messrs. Lanz Lanzberg,
Milton Auerbach, Joe Levy, Henry Auerbach,
Leo Busman, Lucien Simon.
A very pleasant ami c; joyable New Year's
party was given last Tuesday evening at the
residence of Mrs. Ernest Kohler Jr., 145
Twenty-first street. Music, songs, games and
recitations occupied the time until midnight,
when all did ample justice to an elegant sup
per, after which the new yer.r was seen in in a
fitting manner. Those present were: Messrs.
William Woods, Edw. Ham e lke, J. Gilmore, W.
Mclnnis, V. McGoldrick, K. Matheson, Ernest
Kohler Jr., F.Andres, F.Johns, M. Buzzini;
Mi>s Stanley, Mis< j. Ebert, MissE. Ebert, Miss
Holliday, Uiss M. Vincent, Miss K. iirawley.
Miss JacksoUj Miss Maud Vincent, Miss 8.
l-'raser. Miss Matheson, Miss Crawhall.
A delightful party was given by the Mi-s-.'s
Kleruiff of Berkeley at their "neauliful home
on Shattnck avenue on New Year's eve. There
were a hundred guests participating in the
round of enjoyments. The spacious attic was
converted into a ballroom and the guests
danced away the lleeting hours oi the Old year
and away into the welcomed new. Among the
features oi the evening was the carrying out of
the ancient Legend ot bringing good luck to
the house. The merry crowd farmed into a
lone line and following the music passed from
room to room throughout the mansion, reach
ing the main hall and porch as the clock struck
13, when greetings were exchanged.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Luttrlnger entertained
a number of their friends on i hristmas even
ing at their residence on the Mission road, at
7 o'clock, the occasion being the twenty-fifth
anniversary ol their wedding. The following
guests were presen :t
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Luttringer, Mrs. C. Poi
rier, Mr. ami Mrs. Charles Feldbuah, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Blick. Mr. and Mrs. Jean Chappe, Mr.
and Mrs. 1". Blick, Mr. and Mrs. )\ Weisel, Mr.
and Mrs. F. A. SchmiTt, Mr. and Mrs. W. <;r>r
ken, Mr. and Mrs. .1. Band. A. Brown, Mrs. Bou
din. Miss I. Boudin, Miss s. Bascb, J. Bascb,
Mr. and Mrs. I*. Henog, L. Herzog, I>r. Ban
meister, a. Fetter, L. lirezelski, 1.. Zoos. L. An
toin, Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Hartmann, P. X. Si
mon, K. Pilster, G. Hoerter, Mr. and .v,rs.
diaries Keiffer, Mr. and Mrs. E. Schmitt, Mr.
and Mis. H. l'eter, 1). Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Nelson, Mrs. Olsen, La/. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Jenevein, Adolf Jenevein. Mr. and Mrs. J. Tra
pet, J. Gentle, Mr. and Mrs. ft. Luttrineer.
One of the most successful social events of
the season was held last Saturday evening at
Odd Fellows 1 Hall, the affair being a grand
bull and banquet given in honor of the instal
lation of the officers of the Franco-Americtin
Lodge No. 207, i. 0. O. F., elected for the ensu
ing year.
The decorations of the hall were superb and
consisted of palms, flowers, bunting anil flags
arranged in an artistic manner, lhe results
of the labor of preparation reflects great credit
on the gentlemen who hud the affair in charge
About 400 couples participated in the grand
march, which was led by the grand treasurer
oi the N. 6. »i. \V., Henry S. Martin, and Miss
A. Buschet. The music, which was one of the
features of the evening, was rendered by Ron
covieri's American Concert Band.
Covers had been laid for 500 guests, and at
12 o'clock they adjourned to the banquet
room, where the repast awaited them. Alter
it dancing was resumed until a late hour.
Miss Ethel Graham gave a part? to a number
of her little friends in Ross \ alley on Saturday
iii^;. A most delightful afternoon was Bnent
in games and other amusements, after which
refreshments were serve.!. Among those pres
ent were: Misses Elsie R. and Gertrude Hinz,
Mabel and Beatrice Kelly, Pauline and Amy
Schroder, Ida Miller and Reni Coffin, anil
Frank Anchors, Walter Coffin, Kdward King
well, <ius and Fred Wehr, llarry Bundy and
Harold Schroder.
One of the features of the late educational
convention in Oakland was the lunch given
some forty of the distinguished guests by ex-
State Superint indent Campbell. Among those
present were: President Jordan of Stanford,
Professor Earl Barnes of Stanford (president of
the .-taw- association) and Mrs. Barnes, Dr.
Joseph Le Conte and i)r. Andrew J. Rickoff
and his daughter, Miss Bertna Monroe Rickoff.
Dr. Rickoff stands at the head of his orofes
i-ion, both as an educational author and as
former president of the National Educational
Association, and his venerable 1 figure was con
tinually surrounded by many who had profited
by his advice and counsel at diilerent times
aiid places during the last Bfty years.
A wedding unique in Its charming simplicity
took place at 107' 2 Van Ness avenue on
Wednesday, December 'J.">, when Catherina
Louisa Koeger and Olaus Hollander were uni
ted in marriage, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
The ceremony took place at H :oO o'clock in the
evening in the parlor, which uus beautifully
decorated, and a Christmas tree hung with
gifts and highly illuminated added greatly to
the charms of the occasion. There were pres
ent only the intimate friends of the bride and
groom. The uffair was entirely without osten
tation or display. After the words had been
spoken which made thi'm man and wife the
host and hostess conducted the party to the
dining-room, where an elegant wedding rap
per vas partaken of. At 11 o'clock the con
genial party broke up, all wishing the bride
and groom many happy days. The newly
wedded couple left town on the following day
for their elegant country home, where they
expect to dwell permanently.
A birthday party was given by Miss Tilly
Euphratat her residence, 1000% Golden Gate
avenue, on New Year's eve. The new year was
ushered in amid the tooting of horns and the
blowing of whittles.
The evening was pleasantly passed by games
and dancing until midnight, when the" hostess
led the way to the dining hall, where a most
sumptous repast, prepared under the super
vision of Caterer Bnowdi n, awaited she guest: .
Holly berries and smilax were the prevailing
decora'tious. Several toasts were drunk to the
health of the fair hostess., and the same were
ably responded to by her.
After partaking oi the supper the guests
repaired to the parlors, where dancing was
resumed until 3 o'clock in the mornine. Au
revoir was then the order of the day, and all
departed, having thoroughly enjoyed them
gelves. The following were present : Miss Vie
Cp.lish3r, Miss Grace Calisher, Miss Daisy
Calisher, Mrs. A. Knphrat, Miss Kiln Fried
lander, Mies Lillie Euphrat, Miss Honey Fritii
lander. Miss Annie Graff , Miss Minnie" Meyer,
Mrs. E. Oppenheimer, Miss Harriet Oppen
heimer, Miss Flora Oppenheimer. Miss Q
Wehser, Miss E. Eupbrat, Theo. Fersthand,
Maurice Juss, H. Kallman, Hugo Lyons, M.
Meyer. L. Nathan, E. Wehser.
J. A. Garfield G. A. R. Post and corps will be
held at Social Hall, Alcazar building, Thursday
evening January 7.
Miss Grace Sabin, one of this season's de
butantes, is to give a dancing party next
Friday evening at the Sabia residence, '2S-8
California street, in honor of Miss Belknap.
Miss Susie Laveny of this city wishes her
friends to understand that she" emphatically
denies the truth of the reports that have been
circulating announcing her engagement to
Percy 0. Denroche ox Oakland. It is without
foundation.
Mrs. Le Grand Cannon is expected to arrive
in Oakland shortly. She will visit her mother,
Mrs. J. A. Folirer of Jackson street.
W. Ef. Magee leave- on Wednesday night for
Central America, to be gone about six months.
Mr. and Mrs. K. W. Hopkins took a number
of their friends to Truckee on Saturday to visit
tne palace of the ice kiuir. Among them were
Mr. and Mrs. Sherwood Hopkins und Mr. and
Mrs. Henry T. SCOtt
Mrs. Alexander Smith with her two daugh
ters, the Misses Ethel and Edith Smith, are
still in Paris. Both youni* ladies are pupils
under La Grange, and the violinist is with Mar
siek of the Conservatory.
Miss Adelaide Smith has returned from
Paris, where she has been singing under La
Grange.
Dr. and Mrs. A. G. Deardorfl' have removed to
the Palace, where they will permanently re
side.
R. L. Fowkes, president of Sacramento Fed
erated Trades, is in the City visiting relatives.
Miss K. Bianchanl of Alameda spent
New Year's day in Xapa, and was present at
the marriage of her friend, Miss Myrtle Epp
ley, and Ladd Godwin.
Mrs. M. am! D. Gradwohl will be at home on
the second Wednesday of each month at their
residence, 509 Hyde street.
NEW UNITARIAN PASTOR
Rev. A. J. Wells Installed in
the Presence of a Body-
of Clergy.
Speeches and Song at the Second Uni
tarian Church— He Referred to
the Brown Scandal.
The Rev. K. J. Wells, the new pastor of
the Second Unitarian Church, corner of
Twentieth and Capp streets, was installed
; yesterday afternoon, eight Unitarian
i clergymen participating in the ceremony,
■ which consisted of a Scripture lesson by
; the Key. E. R. Dodson, a prayer of in
stallation by the Rev. Dr. Stebbins, a aer
nion by the Rev. C. W. Wendte, the
charge to the church by the Rev. W. <J.
Eliot Jr., the charge to the pastor by the
■ Rev. E. B. Payne, and finally some re
i marks from the new minister himself.
Vocal selections were interspersed
through the services, the choir rendering
i Gounod's "Praise Ye the Father" and
I Mendelssohn's "How Lovely Are the Mes
: sages of Peace." Three solos completed
i the musical programme, which ouened
! with an organ voluntary. Frank Coftin
' sang Wilkinson's "1 was Glad," Mary
Mann Brown an impromptu selection ami
Walter C. Campbell Mozart's "Who Treads
: the Path of Duty."
The Rev. A. J. Wells came here from
I Redlands. For many years, beginning
i with 1882, lie was pastor of the First Con
gregational Churcn of Los Angeles. His
immediate predecessor in the Second Uni
; tarian pulpit was the Rev. L. W. Sprague,
who, with his wife, also a Unitarian min
ister, i-as accepted work for the winter in
I the new South church of Boston.
The Rev. C. \V. Wendte preached upon
the value of the past, the present and the
future, a theme that he discussed at length
from the following triple text:
Bay not thou what is the cause — wny the for
merdaya were better than these— for thou dust
not inquire wisely upon this. Behold, now is
the appointed time and now is the day of sal
vation. But it doth not yet appear what we
shall be.
In his charge to the church the Rev. W.
G. Eliot Jr. said :
A church primarily is not a money-making
institution. Is is a shame to American civili
zation that one church should have to buy
and to sell, or die. Primarily it is not a char
itable institution, either. Its best work should
be subordinated to the main work— the spir
itual influence. The church primarily is u;>t a
social institution. The social side la only a
factor in the attainment of the supreme pur
pose.
In his personal remarks to the congre
gation ttie Rev. A. J. Wells referred feel
ingly to the co-operation of his wife.
Continuing he remarked: "The longer
I live the more 1 am disposed to be a man
and the less a minister. The tendency
to-day is to honor the man and not the
office.
"I think that is what hundreds of
thousands of people in this City believe in
regard to ttie present cloud that darkens
the church horizon. Always goodness will
be the more valuable quality in a minister
as well as in any other office."
At a quarter to 8 evening services began
and were a general continuation of the
afternoon's congregational welcome to the
new pastor. The Rev. X. A. Haskell of
San Jose and the Rev. Eliza Tupper
V> ilkes of Palo Alto were among the
speakers of the evening.
PARK AND BEACH.
Contributions to the Museum — The Sutro
Koad — lialloon Ascension.
There has been donated to the Park
Museum by Mr. Hamblin of Healdsburg,
Sonoma County, a piece of silk that was
brought over on the Mayflower. The
dress was made of silk woven in Italy for
the grandmother of Mrs. Hamblin who is
now in her seventy-fifth year.
It was a court dress with a long
train. and when not worn on
state occasions the train was by means of
an immense silver buckle raised so as to
give the appearance of a skirt of ordinary
length.
During the week ending Saturday 7932
persons visited the museum.
The Midwinter Fair bandstand has been
removed from the grand court and will be
placed on an eminence opposite and south
of the Javanese Tea Garden. It will be
used as a summer house.
There were more cyclers in the park
yesterday than there has been on any one
day in the past three months. It was
noticed that nearly all of them kept off
the main drive after reaching the cyclers'
special trai'k, and they kept on that to
and from the beach.
A large force of carpenters were at work
yesterday putting up the sheds north of
the new Cliff House, and many men were
at work on the finishing touches in the
new house. It is expected that it will be
ready in about ten days.
The cars of the Sutfo line were run over
the line from the carhouse east Saturday
and found to travel nicely. The line to
the west cannot be tested on account of
the injunction that prevents the cars from
being run over tiie Knights of Pythias
Cemetery. This matter will piobaoly lie
settled this week, and then the Sutvo road,
the Sutro baths and the Cliff House will be
opened simultaneously.
At the Haight-stxeet grounds the officers
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children announced their intention of
preventing the ascension of the balloon on
the ground that Miss Essie Viola, who was
announced to make the ascent, was a
minor. The officers were introduced to
Miss Viola, a handsome blonde of 23, and
no objection was made to the ascent. The
ascension yesterday was Miss Viola's six
ty-seventh trip to the clouds. The young
lady came down by parachute safely three
clocks south of the grounds.
Mrs. Jordan's last appeurance was as
Lady Teazle, in 1814,
INFLUENCE OF COMMERCE
Rev. Wm. R. Rader Delivers an
Address to Commercial
Travelers.
TO EE JUDGED BY THE SALES
Two-Thirds of the Young Men of
California Homeless — Be True
to Wife and Child.
Rev. "William R. Rader addressed a lnrge
congregation at the Third Congregational
Church last evening on "Influence of Com
merce Upon Character." A large propor
tion of the audience was made up of trav
eling men.
Commerce has been an influential factor in
the world's development. The church con
structed the great cathedrals, but commerce
built the Brooklyn bridge. Christiai
the magnificent temples and adorned them,
with rid; treasures, bui commerce made Lon
don and Paris and New York and Chicago. It
wove its iron railroad web over the continent
and sent its ships over all the seas. The next
step in the evangelization of the world lathe
reduction of commerce to the empire of Jesus
Christ.
The life of a commercial traveler is open to
special dangers. He is under the discipline of
freedom, and most men break down at the
point where liberty becomes license. Many a
man is good at home and not so good away
from home. lie may bo better in San Fran
cisco than Chicago. " When Beecher was asked
if he believed in the perseverance of saints he
replied that he would not vouch lor the per
severance of some Eastern saints when they got
west of the Mississippi River.
The traveling man discovers life. Only a
strong character is tit to make the discovery of
real life. Licentiousness, gambling and drink
ing are the triple devils in the drummer's
path. There are live sources of refuge — first, ho
may lind refuge in himself; that is, in his own
self-respect. Lord Chesterfield called our Sa
vior the first gentleman. Tncre is great safety
in being a* gentleman— everywhere. It is
conscious self-respect. When a man loses his
self-respect he loses bis life. Reputation with
out character is like an eg* without the meat —
a shell. Men of thesheirhuve no respect for
themselves.
Be faithful to the JUble. The question with,
you is not "What is the Bible?" but "Where is
it?" Pack the Bible with youi samples. The
man who reads the Police Gazette more than
his mother"s Bible !s on the wrong tr-i.k. Tho
Lord defeated the devil by quoting Scripture.
Learn the lesson.
Find refuge m the homo. The dangerous
man in the city is the hoi >w, who has
no home ties, no divine and commanding tire
side memory to keep him from tailing. Two
thirds of the young men in California are prac
tically homeless. Be faithful to mother, to
the wife and to the child.
Find a refuge In the church. The church be
j'....- in you. You may not always gel a warm
••n, but do not be Bcnditive. You havo
a theology. You believe in a warm, positive,
manly religion. You believe in a religion of
good works. You are broad, generovs, sym
pathetic. Thatisthe type of Christianity the
church la more and more coming to teach.
The church is the place to realize this
did doctrine. It ia better than the theater.
i'ou will ]>ay to go io the- theater and you
you don't want anybody to speak you.
Let us have a better und rgtanding of each
other. When old Lyman Beecber preached a
Bermon in an old New England town one snowy
morning one solitary man attended und he
suddenly disappeared. Eight years a,,
■uu- walking along the street in Columbus,
Ohio, when a stranger met him and told him
the incident of the stormy Sunday morning.
"Yes, i remember," said ;■■■<■ ier, "bat i never
met the man since." "I am the man. Yonder
is my church. I was then a drummer: now I
am a pastor. Your sermon saved me."
Find refuge in Jesus < hnsi. in him you will
find God's idea of you and the kind of n man
you ought to be. In him you will find God'a
pattern of you. You are safe if you are a Chris
tian.
We are all "on the road," and soon the head
of the linn will soiul us a message Co come
home, ami we will pack our grip ior the last
time and ro home forever, ii> stand wil t
samples before the throne to bu jud
ing to our sales.
Youngest Church in the City.
The Church of the Holy Spirit, Pranklin Hall,
Fillmore street. Rev. Oliver C. Miller pastor,
was just two months old yesterday, and the
event was commemorated fiy the admin
tion ot the Holy Communion. There were
twenty-eight communicants and as tnanymori
have signified their Intention to unite with
the church. The attendance was large. The
sermon was taken from Genesis xxviil:l6:
"Surely the Lord is in this place and ! kn< w it
not." The pastor's words were listened to
with great interest by the congregation. While
the church has only been In existence two
months the leader* and members are very en
thusiastic in their work, and expect that the
institution will yet be a power for good in the
laud.
The Story of the Husband.
11. \V. Hill, of whom reports were published
regarding his marital infelicities, states that
his wife, Cleopatra Hill, has hud no reason to
charge him with cruelty and thereby present
an application for divorce. He declares that
during the five years of their married life they
had no domestic troubles until a few months
ago. Then, he states, Mrs. Hill became stage
struck and left him after ruining him in busi
ness. IK* is Milling that she should secure the
separation, but proposes to have the custody
of the child.
HEALTH LAWS.
jE»-A-I3SrjS and ACHES.
Cold produces pains; carelessness, scanty
clothing and draughts bring on the cold —
avoid them.
* *•
A pain in the back means a disordered
kidney, often produced by a cold.
***
A pain in the face, neck, head or chest is
too often neuralgia — hot applications are
beneficial and be sure to use Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla moderately.
**♦
Pains in the joints and muscles are rheu-
matic pains, produced often by exposura
and cold and cured often by the moderate
use of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
*
* *
. Pains in the bowels may mean a dis-
ordered liver, a cold in the bowels or
chronic constipation; if. you use Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla these pains will
disappear and mean nothing.
Pains in the stomach spring from dis-
ordered digestion and spring out again
when you use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
.*•
Away with substitutes, they fill the cof-
fers of the druggists and that's all.
*
: . •■-':-;- -; ■, * • •
Headaches, paina over the brow, pains at
the back of head, pains on the top of
the head or temple are relieved and com-
pletely cured by Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla.
t
* *
Pains in the shoulders usually mean a
torpid liver, but this torpid liver can be
made active by the use of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla and the pains will cease.
*
■ •
Violent pains in the region of tbe liver,
caused often from frallstonea, are relieved
by the use of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
***
If you wish to use Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
purilla ask your druggist for it. If he at-
tempts to substitute leave his place and
try another druggist. This is certainly
fair.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion arid absorption of the food, caus
a healthy action ot' the laverand render the 13owel«
natural in their operat on without griping
56
CHARLES M." SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
j>ally end Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Catx, one year, by mall ... 6.00
r»ily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Pally and Sunday Call, three monthsby mall 1.50
Dally and Band*; Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sanciay Call, one year, by mall 1.50
WEEKLY Call, one year, by mail 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
■JIO Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1863
EDITORIAL ROOMS j
517 Clay Street,
fdepbone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntll
f :E0 o'clock.
>'?!> Hayes street : open until 9 :30 o'clock.
717 I.arfcia stroft : open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tctil c o'clock.
i6IB Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
iltt Kintli street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
co» Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI ar.u S2, 'M Park How, New York City.
DA\ M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY i \ \ 0 \UY 6, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Theie are lively times ahead.
Business and politics will boom together.
Truckee Ices and Fresno oranges are the
d essert of the week.
The East has now got a granite trust
and things are looking rocky.
Every country has a crisis, but Cuba is
the only one where the crisis is red hot.
This will be a good year for public im
provements, provided the people improve.
There will probably be a series of biu r
jumps in the matrimonial market before
long.
Utah is in the Union, and the Greater
W est will soon Lave two more vote* in the
Senate.
If you wish to count on municipal re
form you must act so a* to be counted a
reformer.
The Grand Jury mill ought to grind
some of the best grist the people will get
this year.
II the Senate wonld pass the tariff bill
promptly it might discuss the bond bill at
its leisure.
Salisbury can boast of having received
more ultimatums than any other states
man on record.
Oo to Truckee and see what winter is
like when it makes itself pleasant and puts
on a royal style.
England must make up her mind this
year whether she will quit land-grabbing
or fight the world.
Don't let the big things of National poli
tics distract your attention from the need
of municipal reform.
Kosebery is not drawing Salisbury's
salary, but he is getting a great deal of fun
out of Salisbury's situation.
While Congress is making laws it should
provide one to prevent any future bond
issues on the syndicate plan.
England has now been rebuffed in
America, Asia, Africa and Europe, and
now it is the turn of Australia.
Huntington will never feel at rest until
he can sit down on California without hav
ing even a pin jabbed into him.
Unless the Creator AVest exerts all its
force we may not only see the funding hill
passed but the Nicaragua bill defeated.
The next thing we hear from the Cubans
may be a dispatch a-king if we think we
could recognize them it we saw them in
Havana.
Cleveland may not intend to run for a
third term, but he fills up the road so that
no other Democrat gets a chance to show
himself.
Cleveland is erecting a inonninent to
himself in the form of a bonded debt that
will keep the country from forgetting him
for many years to come.
The war flurry passed quickly, but not
quickly enough to escape giving Coxey a
chance to rise up and offer to organize an
army to march on London.
ha statistics show there are in Paris over
48,000 artists of whom more than half are
painters, it is not strange the town is so
frequently painted red and the painting so
well done.
Among the good movements already
started in Congress is one for the revival
of reciprocity, and it is said that even
come of the leading free-traders are willing
to help it along.
Congress co-operated with Cleveland in
settling the Venezuelan question, aud now
Cleveland snould return the compliment
and co-operate with Congress in getting
rid of the dencit.
Only a .^hort time ago the Cubans were
supposed to be hardly better than banditti,
and now the world is not only commend
ing the valor of their army, but praising
the strategy of their generals.
There is a report that Bradley of Ken
tucky considers himself a dark horse in
the Republican Presidential race, but re
ally Kentucky is not sufficiently stable as
a Republican State to have a Presidential
horse of any color.
Santa Rosa has been brightened up for
the new year by a new evening paper, The
Press, which bad attested its intention to
keep up with the best of journalism by
obtaining the United Pre.-s dispatches for
the benefit of its readers.
A new Congressman from Texas has in
troduced a bill into the House prohibiting
a member of either branch of Congress
from soliciting appointments to office, and I
the older members are now in doubt
whether the new fellow is trying to make
a reputation as a reformer or a humorist.
If England had not demonetized silver
gold would not have appreciated; if gold
had not appreciated no one would have
hunted for it in the swamps of the Ori
noco; if it nad not been sought there no
dispute would have arisen with Venezuela;
had there been no such dispute the United
States would not have been embroited. So
the whole thing grows out of the demone
tization of silver, and we ought to lick
Euglaad for that.
RAILKOAD INFLUENCE.
Congressman Maguire of California
makes some astounding assertions in an
interview telegraphed from Washington
and appearing in yesterday's Call. In
brief he says that the presence iv Wash
ington of a strong railroad lobby, amply
provided with money, is a notorious fact;
that tho Pacific railroad committees in
both the Senate and the House were
packed in the interest of the railroads;
that in part consideration of this packing
railroad influence was generously pledged
to forward political ambitions; that be
yond a doubt the railroad committees of
both houses will report favorably on a
funding bill; that the conspiracy extends
even to the defeat of appropriations for the
improvement of our riven and harbors
and to the selection of Santa Monica in
stead of San Pedro as the southern harbor
to receive an appropriation.
But Mr. Maguire offers a grain of com
fort. He declares that the railroad has
overdone the work, created a scandal and
turned suspicious eyes upon the supporters
of its schemes. He says that a strong fight
against the refunding will be made on the
tioor of each house, and that the usual
presumption of the honesty and thorough
ness of committees will notoperate in this
instance. "These committees," he de
clares, "will have no snch prestige. They
are already branded as the spawn of con
spiracy, in favor of railroad interests and
against public interests." These are strong
words. He points out the further signifi
cant fact that the committees having
charge of the Nicaragua Canal matter are
understood to be predisposed against it,
and that the members who compose them
are for the most part members of the other
committees which are taking care of rail
road interests.
Keeping in view the fact that Mr. Ma
guire is a Democrat and therefore not
likely to say kind things of the Repub
lican organization in Congress, it is still
easy to believe that the railroads are des
perate, and it is obvious that the most
earnest work will have to be done to coun
teract their efforts at Washington. Never
before has there been so strong a pressure
against them as now, and the interests in
volved are exceedingly important. The
defeat of a funding measure would mean
the loss of the Central and Union Pacific
roads to their present owners and possibly
Government control of them and regula
tion of overland transportation. The pas
sage of the Canal bill would
measurably break the monopoly of over
land and isthmian transportation. Ap
propriations for our rivers would intro
duce competition in inland transportation.
The selection of Santa Monica in place of
San Pedro for a harbor would give to the
Southern California terminus of the
Southern Pacific as complete a monopoly
of trans- Pacitic traffic as it enjoys at San
Francisco.
The interests of the people are directly
opposed to those of the railroad in every
one of these matters and are of the most
important character. The greatest urgency
rests upon the people of California to em
ploy all honest means to assist and sup
i port the champions of popular rights at
Washington. As all these matters are
more vital to California than any other
State, the fight which we make should be
the hardest.
VALLEY ROAD PROGRESS.
The cheerfulness with which the share
holders of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Kailroad responded to the
fourth assessment of 10 per cent of their
subscriptions indicates the faith which
shrewd business men have in tne enter
prise. The directors announce that they
will nave the road in operation between
Stockton and Fresno by the Ist of July,
and between Fresno and lialcersrield by
October. All tbe heaviest work lias been
in the vicinity of Stockton, where yards
and expensive bridges had to be provided.
From the Stanislaus River southward will
be easy work and rapid progress. 15y get
ting the road into Fresno by July 1 the
new enterprise will be in time to handle
some of the green fruit crop and all the
dried fruit, grapes, raisins, wine and grain
as far as San Francisco. The presence of
this facility will add several dollars to the
value of every acre of land along the route.
It hss been gratifying to note that no
undue excitement thus far has followed
the building of the road. Kven Stockton,
which will receive the cream of its bene
fits, has had no boom in the ordinary
sense, although property values there have
advanced, and preparations are being
made to establish important manufactur
ing enterprises in the city.
The news from Washington is to the ef
fect that the influence of the Southern
Pacific Company is being powerfully ex
erted to prevent an appropriation for im
proving the navigable rivers of California.
It is not difficult to surmise that this op
position is intended to cripple the value of
the Valley road to the Slate by preventing
the deepening and straightening of the
water channel, which gives Stockton an
outlet to the Bay of San Francisco. The
more inadequate this channel the stronger
the hold of the Southern Pacific monopoly
on the entire San Joaquin Valley. Al
though the directors of the Valley road
say that they are not considering at all
the idea of extending the line from Stock
ton to Oakland, it is conceivable that if
the Southern Pacific succeed in blocking
the improvement of the Stockton water-
way they may be compelled to resort to
that recourse.
The ten-year trust in which the stock of
the Valley road was placed is an impassa
ble barrier to the absorption of that line
by The Santa Fe, but not to a traffic ar
rangement between the two roady. The
plans of the new Santa Fe management
have not yet been announced. The inter
ests of the road are seriously threatened
in the south by the determined work of
the Southern Pacific to secure a harbor
improvement appropriation for Santa
Monica instead of San Pedro, and the
Santa Fe may be expected to show its
hand in Washington and to make a fight
for an invasion of the Southern Pacific
Company's territory north of Tehactapi.
Whether it will prefer an independent line
to a traffic arrangement with the Valley
road is a matter which it is now too early
by at least a year to discuss.
OAKLAND'S EXAMPLE.
The result of Oakland's recent industrial
exposition has been the incorporation of
the Oakland Exposition Institute, on the
lines of tne Mechanics' Institute of San
Francisco. The capital stock is to be $100,
--000, divided into 1000 shares of $100 each.
This will make popular subscriptions easy,
and as the first effort at holding an expo
sition yielded a good surplus the invest
ment undoubtedly will be profitable.
The Mechanics' Institute has been for
many years one of the most important
concerns in San Francisco. Its library is
one of the largest, most popular and most
profitable in the State, the small fee which
it exacts enabling thousands to enjoy its
benefits. Its annual fairs are an estab
lished institution, equaling in importance
the State fairs at Sacramento. They bring
every year thousands of visitors to the
City and are exceedingly beneficial in a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
number of waj T s. Oakland is displaying
the intelligence to appreciate the value of
such an institution and is exhibiting the
enterprise to make it an accomplished fact.
The district fairs, which until last year
received State aid, were originally intended
for a similar purpose, but they have been
having such troubles lately as will likely
lead totheircomplete abandonment. .State
appropriations are always uncertain quan
tities, and dependence upon State assist
ance operates to the production of a lag
gard home interest. The only sensible
way in which fair associations can be han
dled is as private enterprises, preferably
as corporations like the San Francisco and
Oakland concerns, in which the small price
of shares serves as an inducement for popu
lar investment ana a widely distributed
interest in the success of the enterprise.
The general adoption of this idea would
make it possible for every town of any size
in the State to maintain a fair association.
As the movement for holding festivals has
gained so strong headway, these entertain
ments might easily and properly come
under the management of snch associa
tions and be sure of trained handling and
an annual recurrence. Petty jealousies and
bickerings would be eliminated and an
affair of public importance conducted on
sound business principles.
THE NEW STATE.
Now that Utah has become a State ami
to-day will enter upon the practical busi
ness of conducting its own affairs, it as
sumes an importance which is as much
the product of its history as 19 suggested
by ita future. When its pioneers, the
Mormons, fled to it for refuge and planted
their colony en the smiling plain of the
Great Salt Lake, they never dreamed of
the vast stores of mineral wealth which its
formidable mountains held, and failed to
foresee the westward surging of the civil
ization which they had lied. They estab
lished a patriarchal government of their
own which was unique on American soil,
and being frugal and industrious they
prospered amazingly.
The bitter struggles which followed the
efforts of those not in sympathy with their
religious institutions need not be re
counted here. Gradually they yielded to
the outside pressure, were brought under
Federal discipline and the operation of
laws compelling them to conform to the
general usages of the country. Thence
forward they were no longer aliens, but
were a part of the gre3t people from whom
they had withdrawn themselves. From
that to complete affiliation in the relation
of statehood was a natural and inevitable
step, and to-day there is no barrier be
tween any "of the people of Utah and those
who compose the Nation.
The future will be merely the further de
velopment of this spirit. The admission
of Utah as a State would have been im
possible had not the past been a guaranty
of the future. In the actual work of pre
paring for statehood were seen the strong
est evidence of unity of purpose, high in
telligence, true patriotism and a desire for
a bright and harmonious future. This
splendid empire will no longer be com
pelled merely to exist at the sufferance of
Federal authority. It is now clothed with
all the powers of a State, which means
above all things else that it can employ the
energies of its people in the development
of the splendid native resources which
await their concerted touch. The new
State is born a giant.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Wallace of Eureka is at the Lick.
Ira C. Russ, a capitalist of Kureka, is at the
Lick.
Dr. Stephen of Petaluma is a guest at the
Grand.
D. P. Durst, a randier of Wheatland, is at the
Grand.
A. H. Rosa, a lumberman of Bandin, Or., is
at the Lick.
Dr. T. D. Blodgett of Tulare is staying at
the Grand.
J. \V. Henderson, a capitalist of Eureka, and
his fatally are guests at the Lick.
T. Daniel Frawley arrived from the East yes
terday and regi stered at the Palace.
E. Saladiu, manager of big gravel mines in
Trinity County owned by a French syndicate,
i 6 ut the Palace.
P. A. Buell, a big contractor on the Valley
road, came down from Stockton yesterday and
registered at the Grand.
Superior Judge Gottschalk of Calaveras
County came up from San Andreas yesterday
and is staying at the Lick.
Louis James and the members of his com
pany, which opeu with "Virginlus" at the
California this evening, arrived yesterday aud
registered at the Occidental.
MONDAY MORNING HUMOR.
"Did you go to church yesterday?"
"No ; I slepc at home." — Life.
When men are not regretting that life is so
short they are doing something to kill time.—
Atchison Globe.
He— l thought Mrs. Brown seemed quite cold
toward her husband.
She— Yes; she wants him to get her a seal
skin cape.— Puck.
First Lawyer— Both the law and the facts are
clearly against us.
Second Lawyer— Ye-es. We'll have to use
great care in selecting the jury.— Puck.
Agent— Why didn't you take the residence I
recommended to you?
Parvenu— lt is so near the opera house that
my wife couldn't have used her carriage.—
Fliegende Blaetter.
When T lost that, umbrella I could not complain
Tho' tlie mishap compelled me to walk in the
rain.
I darrd not complain when I lost that um
brella—
Because I had got It from some other fellah.
—Chicago Record.
A Kansas Populist is at work on a new
scheme to increase the sum of human happi
ness. He is trying to cross the milkweed
and the strawberry, jo that people may raise
strawberries and cream together.— New York
Tribune.
Bobbie— Father will be down in a moment.
Have a cigar?
Yon Blumer— Are you sure these are the
kind he gives to his friends?
Bobbie— Yes, sir. They are some that mother
gave him.— New York Herald.
Lawyer— Yes; I think we can break your un
cle's will.
Client— lnsanity ?
Lawyer— No; I think we'll try hypnotism.
Hypnotism is going to supersede insanity as a
remedy for disappointed legatees, and it won't
cost you a cent more.— Brooklyn Life.
ABOVE THE CENTURY MARK.
J. M. Hall of Cynthia, Ky., is hale and hearty
at 101.
Rilla Reeney, supposed to be 105, died at the
Indianapolis Hospital a few days ago.
Steve Ross, an ex-slave, who died in Mass.il
lon, Ohio, lately, was reputed to be 108 years
old.
Frank Mitchell, who was Garfield's servant
in the Sixty-fourth Ohio, had a birthday re
cently, lie was 102.
Mrs. James Wilson, credited with the age of
107 years, died recently in Lonesome, Ky. She
was born in Louisiana.
Aunt Polly Brannum recently celebrated her
one hundred and seventh birthday in her home
near Nashville, Term. She has never worn
glasses.
The oldest person in Massachusetts is sup
posed to be Mrs. Martha Swan of Lee, who has
passed her one hundred and third year in some
comfort.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Among those on this coast who are ac
counted millionaires in boom times, and com
fortably well off at all seasons, is T. M. Kich
ardson of Portland, who is at present a guest at
the Lick House.
Mr. Richardson has shekels sufficient to
enable him to come here every winter and
spend a month or two, at least, away from the
constant mists of the Willamette, his various
enterprises going on prosperously all the time.
For years Mr. Richardson has been interested
in the noted Terwilliger will case of Portland,
which has attained great publicity over the
coast, it la a case that has been in the courts
many years.
The Terwilllger will involves property in
T. M. RICHARDSON, ONE OF THE WELL-KNOWN RICII MEN OF THE NORTH.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist, j
Portland worth $500,000. Mr. Richardson has
two nephews, who are supposed to be rightful
heirs, and they have had control of the prop
erty for some time, through Mr. Richardson,
who was made trustee.
In this way Mr. Richardson may be consid
ered really one of the contestants. The litiga
tion is still going on.
Mr. Richardson has a fine residence in the
Webfoot metropolis. He was one of the old
timers and got in the ground floor, and like
many of the old Oregnnians has taken great
pains to stay there. Because of this he has j
accumulated wealth in divers ways.
He is at present one of the owners in The
Portland, the big, handsome hotel there. He
is said to have been a heavy owner, also, in
the Portland water works before the city
bought out the works and began dispensing
water to the people.
Mr. Richardson is very widely known.
Louis James, the tragedian, who arrived
here yesterday, was for a. long time a close
friend of Lawrence Barrett. The events which
led to the severance of the bond which had
united them for years ia interesting.
James met Barren when the dead tragedian
v.as touring the country as a star in the old
ihiys when all large titles had stock companies
which supported visiting actors, Koad com
panies were unheard of then, and the combi
nation system prevalent to-day was a dream of
the future. Louis James was at that time a
member of the Macau'ey Stork Company in
Louisville, Ky., and met Barrett on the occa
sion of his playing a star engagement at tha
head of the Maeauley Company. lie wa« a
mi re boy then, learning the rudiments of his
art in a hard school.
Then, as now, Le had a happy, buoyant dis
position, which made him a great favorite
with all his associates, and was a most am
bitious youngster. Mr. Barrett, who was at
tracted by his frankness and sincerity, took a
lively interest iv him, nud succeeded in get
ting him a position in Mrs. John Drew's Phila
delphia company, then the greatest stock com
pany in America, and otherwise furthered the
young actor, who came rapidly to the front.
Through all the years of his apprenticeship
Mr. James cherished the friendship of Mr.
Barrett, and the dead tragedian not only aided
his young friend with counsel and cheeriug
words, but gave liim the moral support of a
sincere affection. Louis James used to remind
him very forcibly, he used to say, of his dead
brother Joe, a brilliant young actor who died
before the great promise he showed could ma
terializ*'. Mr. James' happy disposition and
perpetual good humor were a great relief
to Mr. Barrett, who was despondent and some
what gloomy by disposition, and the spirit of
fun that lurked ever in the young actor
brought many a smile to the lips of his mentor
and friend when business worries or the mor
bid fancies of his brain filled the tragedian
with gloom.
About the time that Mr. James severed his
connection with the Barrett company some in-
Tidious person began to poison Mr. Barrett's
mind against James, and by dint of continual
pressure succeeded in effecting a rupture be
tween tnem. Mr. James was sorely distressed
at the fact and sought to bring about a recon
ciliation, but somehow the days wore into
weeks and the weeks into months and nothing
was done. Finally hearing that Mr. Barrett
was declining in health Mr. James made the
advances and wrote to him. A long letter it
was, and it went straight to the heart of the
great actor, who immediately wrote an an
swer and ordered it mailed at once. He asked
Mr. James to come and make up the differences
ofthepa3tand begin anew. As Mr. Barrett's
secretary was about to leave for the postoffice
the same person who had brought about the
separation showed him a newspaper article
which greatly diroleaaed Mr. Barrett, and
when he insinuated that Louis James was re
sponsible for it Mr. Barrett called back his sec
retary and ordered destroyed the letter he had
written. Mr. Barrett died before Mr. James
had an opportunity of seeine him or commu
nicating with him again, and two friends were
separated by the gulf that cannot be bridged.
Telling of the occurrence yesterday Mr.
James concluded with the words that Mr. Bar
rett had spoken so many times to him in Ju
lius Coesar, "When we meet again then shall
we smile indeed. ''
McGeenoy, a Commercial-street book
binder, has what he claims to be the best all
round disreputable dog iv San Francisco. This
interesting specimen of the canine family
answers to the name Rover. He is
not unhandsome and is a cross
between the Newfoundland and St.
Bernard breeds. His reputation has been
widely established, and among other signifi
cant acquirements he has come into possession
of the name "Hover the Boozer."
"He is a great dog," said Mr. McGeeney when
asked about the particular Rover. He has
his periodical sprees, and the words of the
song about the difference in the morning
have a peculiar application to his normal con
dition between dawn and daylight. I don't
know how it happened, but he has a positive
hankering after beer. Where he came by it I
cannot say, but the fact is evident enough at
almost any time you meet him. I believe,
however, that in his gay youth a friend of mine
favored him with a mug of the exhilarating
amber and the habit grew on him.
"All of the grocers in the neighborhood
know him and he is a frequent caller at tha
back-room counters. He drinks as much as
he can beg or steal, and when he feels satisfied
he slips out and hides himself to get over ilie
impending trouble. There is no such thing as
refusing him at the bars. He paces up to the
counter, rises on his hind legs and rests him
self with his fore paws on the counter, all the
while gazing imploringly at the proprietor.
"II he fails to receive more than one glass of
beer he saunters off on a sort of cocktail route
and generally manages to fill himself.
"He is a fine-looking dog. weighs 200 pounds,
is well trained and a rattling fighter. But he
is fearfully disreputable."
WHERE MUNROE IS BURIED.
Upon a bold eminence in beautiful Holly
wood Cemetery, overlooking the restless river,
the murmur of whose turbid water hushes to
more profound slumber his everlasting repose,
says the Richmond Journal, lies the mortal re
mains of a man whose name to-day is upon the
lips of every inhabitant of two hemispheres-
James Monroe, lifth president of the United
States.
His tomb is simple, but imt>osinar, the re
mains girt about with heavy slabs oi granite,
and the whole inclosed by ironwork of grace
ful architecture. Tpon one side of the sar
cophagus is fastened a copper plate which
bears the words :
: JAMES MONROE.
: Eorn in Westmoreland County 28th April, •
: 1758. Died in the Cftv Of Xi?\v
York 4th July, 1831.
: By order of tbe General Assembly his re- :
: mains were removed to tliis cemetery sth :
: .Inly. 1858. as an evidence of the affection of :
: Virginia for her good and honored son.
It seemed fitting to the lawmakers of the Old
Dominion that ason of Virginia, whose lifework
had been a glorious one, should rest at last in
his native soil in the bosom of a city of the
dead which for beauty has few peers.
THE NEW COUPLE.
She was new and was constructed on the latest
modern plan,
But she lost her heart, like others, and of coarse,
; t\vas lost to man;
So at la<=t the two were married, and they started
marriod life,
As they thought, equipped and ready, well pre
pared for any strife.
She was posted on his business quire as thoroughly
as he;
She bad studied all the details, and, as any one
could st'e,
She could run his shop or office; and it also seemed
quite clear
She could act as his bookkeeper or could b? rve as
his cashier.
She could sell goods on commission, or could buy
on thirty days;
She was sharper than mostmerchants In all proper
business ways:
She could "take" from his dictation, and dictate
to others, too:
There was nothing 'round the office that she really
couldn't do.
So they thought they were welt armored for a life
of great success,
But the outcome of their trial w»s a failure more
or less:
They are doomed to boarding-houses, and regret
fully they roam,
For while they both can run the office, neither one
can make a home.
—,St. Louis Dry Goods Reporter.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
Alexandre Dumas bequeathed to the Louvre
the fine portrait that Meissonier painted of him
in 1876.
John T. Hughe3 of Lexington, Ky., has in
twenty-nine years taken $29,750 in premiums
at the State Fair.
Ellen Spencer Mussey is one of the cleverest
barristers in Washington, D. C. She is the
widow of the late General Mussey.
Nebraska isn't a very old State, but Colonel
G. Hunt of the Bloomfield Journal has been
pulling a handpress for forty years.
Lloyd Lowndes, Governor-elect of Maryland,
is* the fourth member of his family to receive
Gubernatorial honors in that State.
One of the drawbacks connected with Queen
Victoria's lofty station is that the law forbids
her reading documents or receiving any letters
except from her own family until after they
have been scrutinized by the person in charge
of the royal correspondence.
The fox-hunting championship of Vermont
is claimed by John Davis of Bennington. lie
is 40 years old and has killed 251 foxes.
Yon Bulow, when conducting one of Beetho
ven's concerts, took off his white gloves and
donned black ones in deference to the fuueraT
music.
Charles Mathews, who defends Arton in ex
tradition proceedings before the Queen's Bench
in London, is the son of Charles James Mathews
and the great French dancer, Mile. Vestris.
Rudyard Kipling used to work on the Allaha
bad Pioneer. It published recently a "want"
ad that read: "Situation wanted as snake
charmer in respectable family. P. B.— No ob
jection to looking after the camel."
William Waldorf Ast<sr employed a scholar
from the British Museum to trace his genealogy
and get him a legitimate crest. After two years
of study in European archives the scholar
traced Astor's descent to an ancient family of
Spanish grandees, from which family the crest
was obtained.
The death of Lady Burgoyne brings to mind
the romantio story of theescapeof the Empress
Eugenic (o England. It was Lady Burgoyne'3
husband, Sir John Montagu Burgoyne, who, at
the hour of the unfortunate Empress' neea,
when she was threatened by the rabble and
plundered by her own attendants, was enabled
to conduct her on board his own yacht, which
he navigated safely through the gale which
again imperiled the life of the Empress.
CONGRESS AND THE FINANCES.
New York Recorder.
No, the greenback will not be retired! The
policy now being followed out by the Repub
licans is the one they outlined before the Ven
ezuela message was sent in. It is a Republican
policy!
New York Tribune.
Probably no one has supposed that the tariff
bill passed by the House would be adopted by
the Senate without any alteration. It scarcely
ever happens that the judgment of the Senate
accords in every detail with the judgment of
the House.
Chicago Herald.
The debt shall be paid, interest and princi
pal, according to the universal principles of
financial honesty. The bond bill passed by
the House would not be effectual to this end.
Even if passed in ihe Senate, the President
ought to veto it.
Xew York Mail and Expross.
No patriotic Democrat can consistently ob
ject to the emergency measure just passed by
the House of Representatives. While it does
not essentially sacrifice or surrender the prin
ciple of protection it is nevertheless practi
caliy a tariff for revenue.
Philadelphia Inquirer.
The Democrats attack this bill because it is a
step away from the Wilson-Cleveland abomina
tion. These Democrats declare that we do not
need money. That is funny. Great public en
terprises are still held up. The Philadelphia
Mint, for instance, languishes.
Xew York World.
It is currently said that the Senate will not
pass this bill of relief. The assumption is un
iair. There is no warrant for saying that the
Senate will refuse to pass an act so obviously
necessary for the relief of the treasury under
conditions such as those that now exist.
Cincinnati Enquirer.
If the managers of the majority in the House
were in real earnest about this business of
finance, why did they not proceed to investi
gate the much condemned transaction under
which a syndicate made tin enormous and un
natural profit out of t*e taxpayers of the
United Stales'.'
.fiUsburg Dispatch.
The tariff bill, while passed by a party vote,
is not a party measure. Xo protectionist would
accept, as a tariff settlement, the preservatiou
of the incongruities of the Wilson act with a
15 per cent raise. It ought to be recognized
by the Democrats that the acceptance of the
Wilson schedules, as a basis for an increase of
TOMB OF MONROE
revenue, is just what it claims to be, a tem
porary measure to provide revenue enough to
stop the swelling of the public debt.
Sr. Louia Globe-Democrat,
The Democratic pretense that the House
bond bill is no improvement on the bond clause
of tne law of 1875 is weak. The bonds sold by
Cleveland under the law of 1875 are ten-year
5 per cents and thirty-year 4's. The bill au
thorizes the sale of 3-p"er-cent bonds, redeem
able at the Government's option after five
years. The advantage here ought to be plain
to everybodj\
LADY'S WAIST WITH POINTED YOKE
Yoke effects are to be seen in the handsom
est as well as in simple waists. The pattern
6hown here is after one of the best models, and
is suitable for waist of wash dresses, for extra
waists of silk, chiffon or crepe. It makes m>
charmingly in crepon, with a plain skirt
th .c l ked portions of the waist, is exquisite
with 3et ' or heavy ieee lace for the yoke.
» Thin ? aterlals like organdies, silk, muslins
etc., make up beautifully after this model a
very elaborate waist of this sort may be made
neslace 08 tUCks with narrow " Val encien!
brSrffor SS/ffi? "^ ° f ° pen em "
Poke mixed candies, 10c lb. Townsend's. •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.
India has now become, next to China,
the largest tea-growing country.
What about catarrh and its cure? Catarrh Is *
constitutional disease and is caused by impuritie^
In the blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the constltu*
tional n-nieoy which cures catarrh.
CHICAGO LIMITED.
VIA SANTA FX BOUTE.
A new train throughout begins October 29.
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reclining
chair cars and dining-cars. Los Angales to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without change. Ann "
cars on sharp connection for Denver and be
Louis. Twenty-seven hours quicker than tna
quickest competing train. The Santa Fe has beea
put in fine physical condition and 13 now tne oe«
transcontinental railway.
"Mrs. TVinslow's Soothing Syrop"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of mottw
ers for tneir children while Teething with perfeoS
success. Jt soothes the child, softens th« gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowel*
and ij the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sale br
Druggials in every part o? the world. Besureaai
ask lor Airs. Winslow's Soothing Syrjp. «uj »
bottle.
Cokoxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, sofa
anA mild, and is entirely free from the mists com«
mofi further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam-*
ship, including fifteen days' board ac the Hotel del
Coronado, $60; longer stay * '2 30 per day. Applj*
4 New Montgomery St., San Kra'icisco.
London has 2300 miles of sewers. Paris
has 410. New York has 444. _
NEW TO-DAY.
rn _,^_,-.. ,-,_., ,-^_,-. .-,_■_, . -. _ 1.. .1 1 1. -1 — — •*
50 cts
TEAS
EXTRA QUALITY
With each pound is given a
LOVELY DISH
Newest Shapes
Prettiest Decorations
ALSO GIVEN WITH
GOLIMA PURE SPICES,
COLIMA BAKING POWDER.
Great American Inptins Tea Co;
Hew Store | li?.?a t 5S t 1
140 Sixth at.
965 Market at.
333 Have* at.
1419 Polk at.
521 Montg'y aT«.
2008 Fillinore at.
fltv SiftrM -{ 3006 Sixteenth aW
VILj tjlVlW. 10 -Mission st.
218 Third gt.
104 Second at.
617 Kearny st.
146 Ninth st.
3259 Mission at.
(1053 Washington
(Vll J-iml 917 Broadway. '
VaHJdllU. 131SanPahloaT.
616 E. Twelfth at
ll'mif'ri'l <Park at. and
AllllillUlt \ Alameda aye.
Headquarters— s2 Market St., S. h\ '
M 3" We Operate 100 Stores and Agencies.
Write for Price List.
The Best
Reading
At any price is to be found in
McClure's
Magazine
And it costs only
10 Cents
a Copy,
Or One Dollar a Yean.
The Life of
Abraham
Lincoln
As told in McCLURE'S
Is more
Fascinating
Than Fiction.
It is lavishly illustrated and
will contain a
Great Gallery of
Lincoln's
Portraits,
Over 60 in all.
More than half never before
published. No previous life
has published more than ten.
There will be over
300 Illustrations
In the Lincoln series and they
include the only complete col"
lection of Lincoln's portraits
ever made.
S. S. McCLURE, Ltd.
30 Lafayette Place, New York City
ILs^ DAI UY^X
l| $9 Red Blankets, Cali- A _
a fornia wool (a little vk
Lf soiled) at iPU
JIM Quick action expedient. Just the
fy| thing these cold morning 3 and $4
\\m saved at that big money-savine De-
IJI partment Store, R
I 3 BMITH'S GASH STORK Inn
,•M 414, 416 ana 4i» /ronftt.? B. »,MONDAY 7. .... I A X C AHY_6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baibwis Theater.- ''Daughters of Eve."
California Thkatkr - " \ irglnius."
Columbia Theater- "The lx>st I'aradise."
Morosco's Opkba-Housi -"The Vu^itive"
TivoLiOpKHA-Housv--"Ixion: or. The Man of
the Wheel."
Orpheum.— High-Class Vaudeville.
Urover-s AixA7AK.-"My Precious Baby."
Macdonocqh Thkatkr (Oakland) — Rice's
Bis 1492. ••
BHOOTTHK C»irTEs.-Daily at Haigllt street
tt* Mock- eaat of the Fark.
Bay District Tback.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By E S Spear A Co.— Monday. January 6.
Furniture, at corner Mission aud Seventh st»., at
10 o'clock.
By Wnt K. FisnrK* Co.— Monday, January 6,
Turkish liugs. at 16 lost sr.. at 2:00 P. m.
By Yon r.iiFiv Co.— Thursday, January 16.
Iteal Estate, at Salearoom, 513 California street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Miss Essie Viola made a successful balloon
ascension yesterday.
Mayor Sutro says the octopus is reaching out
for everything that has money or influence.
The Rev. M. P. Boynton preached his in
augural sermon in the First Baptist Church.
The Olympics defeated the I'acifies at base
tr&l Park yesterday. Score: 9to 8.
Andrew C. Anderson had hi* cheek badly
i-Ji a razor in the hands of a drunken
man.
Little Bob anrt Magpie divided first and sec
ond prizes at the coursing meeting at Oceau
View yesterday.
The tßrget-shootlnj? season was opened at
Bcbuetxen I'ark yesterday by a notable gather
ing of marksmen.
The cars of the Sutro lino have been run on
an experimental trip over the new roe
the trip was successful.
Rev. William R. Kader delivered a sermon to
•rcial travelers at the Thiid Congrega
tional Church yesterday.
\ portion of a silk dress that wi s brought to
the t'uited States on the Mayilo«vr has been
'.ed to the Park Museum.
:al interesting an<i close v contested
games were played in the San Francisco and
Union handball courts yesterdaj .
Continued cloudy and unsettled weather and
probably showers, with Blatii nary ti-mjerature
and shifting winds, art to-day.
Rev. A. J. Wells was installed as pastor of the
Second Unitarian Chi rday, seven
Unitarian ministers and a large congregation
being present.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children found the family of B. Weisman on
Folsom street in a peculiarly destitute condi
tion last nijrht.
The Tension Coi aers of the Police De
partment will hold their regular meeting to
night, when it is • several officers will
be placed on the pension list.
Dr. W. W. Case d< Livered a sermon last night
in which !;■ - ::. Solid Eight and
took the Civic Federation to ta<k for not doing
things they ought to have done.
Dr. - tue First Unitarian Church
delivered an interesting sermon yesterday
sequences of a war be
tween this country and England.
The Russian Christmas falls on to-day ac
cording to the Julian calendar. There will be
impri- as at the Grjeco-Ru-^tm
cathedral cv Powell street, near Filbert, this
foren-
'smsn Caminetti's Bpeech apainst
the Rei .;•• refunding bill in the Fifty-third
-'■■vs whit ureat value he would Ik
■•ant of the Committee of Fifty in
. ;he bill in the present Congress.
At the good-citizenship meeting in Metro
iple yesterday afternoon Dr. \v. I:.
In, pastor of the California-s-treet .Me:li<>
<ii!-t Church, made the address. He indulged
• very pointed allusions to Father Yorke
arid the Catholic church, but did Lot make any
direct attacks.
WITH THE PLAYEBS.
\Fhaf There Is on the I'l-ogi-amine* of
the Theaters fur This Evening-.
Mis- Mane Wainwright will open at the
Baldwin Tht-ater this evening with "The
Daughters of Eve," the joint production of
Lancaster and Magnu?. In this play, writ
ten for her, Miss Wainwright will assume
a dual role, that of twin sisters, one a mod
est homelike body and the other an adven
tures.-. The pl^y is a strong one.
The management of the California Thea
ter will this evening offer James Sheridan
Knowles' tragedy, "Virginius," with Louis
James in the title role. This is a play that
requires an unusual talent to carry out the
author's idea ol the Roman father, and
Mr. James, who has appeared in this char
acter before, claims to have that talent.
The Frawley Company will make it? re
appearance at the Columbia Theater to
night and will present "The Lost Para
dise," a play by Henry C. de Mille, which
deals with life in a factory and brings out
Bonn of the social problems that are
a-itating the people of to-day. It is to be
presented witu v strong cast.
At the Alcazar this evening -Manager
G rover will offer "My Precious Baby," a
farce-comedy from the French, said to be
one of the most amusing productions
offered to the public in many years. Miss
Minna Gleason and Miss Camille Cleve
land, who have been added to the stage
force of the Alcazar, will appear for the
lirst time in this comedy.
The Grand Opera-house management
will this evening offer "The Fugitive," a
melodrama that was written by Tom
(.raven. It is a story of English middle
life that has a great deal of force in it and
one that is close to the people. It abounds
in striking situations, excellent dialogue
and effective scenery.
•Ix;on, or the Man of the Wheel," has
taken such a hold on the patrons of the
Tivoli Opera-house that the management
has decided to continue it until further
notice, but to-night it will be offered as the
second edition. New songs, new acts and
new specialties will be introduced, which
will add to the interest already created.
The attractions at the Orpheum Music
Hall for this evening is a splendid pro
gramme of great variety. The "lon^ and
short of it" will be presented by Mason
and Haley, humorous sketch artists;
Ducrow and Bush, trapeze artists, will
present a wonderful feat known as the
"double giant swing," and the Deltorello
Brothers, musical clowns, will appear.
The residents of the city of Oakland and
vicinity will have an opportunity this
evening of witnessing at the Macdonouch
Theater the production of Rice's extrava
ganza, "1492," which had such a success
ful run at the Baldwin in this City.
CUT WITH A RAZOR.
Andrew Anderson Paid Dearly for a
Little Sympathy.
Andrew C. Anderson has paid for a little
kindly interest in a drunken man, for
which he had his left cneek opened with a
razor. He was crossing Kearny street at
Sacramento street last evening, when he
saw a drunken man on the corner bewail
ing the los 3 of his hat, which, he said,
some Salvation Army people had taken
from him.
Anderson stopped to ask the reason
of his moans, "the drunken fellow said
tome one had stolen his hat and was
asked what he was going to do about it and
rer>lied that he was going to fight.
With that he started to draw a razor
from hia pocket and Anderson tried to
stop him. The razor was drawn, how
ever, and before he could escape Anderson
was cut clean across his cheek. He was
tAken to the Receiving Hospital, but his
drunken assailant had disappeared.
New Zealand has always been the most
temperate of the colonies, but the con
j-umption of beer, wine and spirits for the
tyet;reftr is tb« lowest oa lecord.
SAVANTS TO WAR TO-DAY
They Will Decide Who Shall
Reign Over the Academy
of Sciences.
SUTRO ON THE SITUATION.
Theodore Hittell Is Indignant Regard
ing Certain Charges — Other Views
Upon the Conflict.
The annual election for officers of the
Academy of Sciences takes place to-day,
and a fiercer and more bitter contest than
has ever occurred before is anticipated.
Those who have administered faithfully to
Dr. Harkness during his long term in the
presidential chair— otherwise termed "the
old timers' — will battle for the perpetua
tion of their system with the opposition, a
newer element ttiat has sprung intccex
istence, which, under the leadership of
Charles F. Crocker and Professor George
Davidson, struggles for a complete renova
tion, and desires, by the introduction of
its ticket, to raise the efficiency of the
academy to a higher and broader standard.
Theodore Hittell, who runs against the
REV. IIOKATIO STEBBINS OF THE HRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, WHO PREACHED YESTERDAY ON INTERNATIONAL
DIFFERENCES.
[Sketched l>/ a "Call" artist.]
opposition for the office of corresponding
secretary, and around whom and Dr.
Harkness the brunt of the battle will be
waged, said last evening:
Profossor Davidson has said that I have I>r.
Harknere between my thumb and linger. That i
i 9 absurd on the face of it. I>r. Harkuess is not I
that kind of a man, but if I had Professor
Davidson between my thumb and finger he !
would not have said such a foolish thing.
Trie opposition is auxious to invest the j
money of the academy in tho Alaska Commer- j
cial Company and other corporations of that \
kind, but I have little faith in such concerns; '
they are subject to fluctuation and loss. I be
lieve In treating the academy as a savings
bank and safely investing its moneys.
The great tight is about Molera. He has cer- i
tain ideas about the conducting of the finances.
You know the condition of the Mercantile
Library. It now is barely able to keep afloat,
and it is Molera who hns enginpered that.
I do not want to make this institution a po- j
litical arenß. I believe it should be conducted
on purely scientific lines. These charges that
have been made emanated iiom disgruntled
men. The academy owes Dr. Harkness much
gratitude for the services he has given it and
the conscientious manner in which he has con
ducted its affairs. He has procured for it dona
tions of large amounts and has expended its
money wisely.
1 was asked to run for the office of corre
sponding secretary and refused to accept the
nomination unless the incumbent signified his
intention of discontinuance.
I am not especially anxious to be elected.
My entire object is for the academy. Molera
hhs run the institution into expenses. One of
his schemes is the preparing of a Lick mem
orial, in which the Pioneers will have their
pictures and memorials. This is not science;
it is foolishness. James Lick would rather ivu
conducted the institution along .scientific lines
than to get up things of this discription. I do
not recollect that a single man has withdrawn
except for the non-payment of dues, and this is
according to the constitution.
I should not say a word against any man,
except to answer what they have said against
me; and every thing that has been said is
groundless and absurd. In regard to the per
petuation of our administration, let me say
that Professor Davidson was the tyrant who
held office for twenty-five years.
The anti-Harkness forces are well organ
ized and under the strong management of
Professor Davidson and Mr. Crocker their
prospects appear exceedingly favorable.
Mayor Sutro said on the subject:
'•The octopus is reaching out for every
thing that has either money or influence.
Why, just look at this," and he drew from
a pile of correspondence in front of him
two printed ballots; "these are the regu
lar and the opposition tickets of the Acad
emy of Sciences to be used at the election
to-morrow. These have been prepared by
the octopus in the interest of the octopus.
It will not make any difference which
ticket is elected, the octopus will be on
top. All but a few unimportant offices
will be rilled by octopus men.
"What interest can the railroad have in
the election of the Academy of Sciences?
Why, the academy has money and the oc
topus has bonds it wants to dispose of."
Under the old constitution there were
no scientific qualifications for member
ship required, but a new constitution was
adopted in 1889 providing that members
should be of four — resident, life,
.honorary and associate— that onlytlie
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY (>, 1896.
life and resident members should be en
titled to vote or hoid office. None are
eligible to these classes except men who
are engaged professionally in scientific
work or who have done something for the
advancement of science. Not a single
associate member has been elected since
the amendment was adopted, the anti
llarKness men say, and few scientists have
been encouraged to join. This is the main
reason why the membership has fallen off
and they say that the constitution should
be chanced in order to increase the num
bers. They say there are only fifteen real
scientists in the academy anyway.
HIS FAMILY STARVING.
Officer Holbrook Finds B. Weisuian In
toxlcated With Wife and Chii
tlren Destitute.
The most painful case seen for a long
time by the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children was investigated last
night by Officers Holbrook and McMurray.
B. "Weisman, living with his wife and
seven small children in a couple of rooms
at the back of a store at U46"Folsom street,
was reporteu to be neglecting his family.
On investigation it was found that the
mother and children were in an entirely
destitute condition. The only articles of
furniture in the rooms consisted of a large
stove and one bed used as a couch, the litter
having been lent by a charitable neighbor.
The father was drunk on the bed, and
there was not a particle of food or fuel in
the house, except a handful of coaldust,
which had been swept up from a neighbor
ine coalyard.
Thu children were in a famished condi
tion, and inquiry developed the fact that
i the man, in addition to neglecting his
family, was in the habit of abusing them
while drunk, which is frequently the case.
"Weisman came here about two weeks
aj.'O from Portland, wh«re he had a saloon.
He brought his wife and children with
him, but has failed entirely to provide for
them since. The case has been referred to
the Eureka Benevolent Society.
POLICE TO BE PENSIONED
Regular Meeting of the Com
missioners Will Be Held
To-Night.
Speculation as to the Officers Who
Will Be Asked to Tender Their
Resignations.
The Police Commissioners will meet as
pension commissioners to-night. Accord
ing to the act providing for a pension
fund the regular meetings are fixed for
the first Mondays in January, April, July
and October.
At the regular meeting last July three
captains, one sergeant and three patrol
men, who were over 00 years of age and
had served consecutive years or
over in the department, were asked to
tender their resignations with the object
of being placed on the pension list, and
it was then given out that in the near
future others would be dealt with in the
same way.
President Tobin at that time said that
it would not be to the interests of the de
partment to place all who were eligible on
the pension list at one time, but that a few
would be selected when it was deemed op
portune.
The October meeting passed without any
action being taken, but two or three weeks
ago it was reported that at the January
meeting several officers would be notified
to hand in their resignations. Since then
speculation has been rife as to who would
be chosen. Among those who are over 60
years of age and have served more than
the allotted time are Property Clerk Cul
len, five sergeants and two detectives.
At the Jast meeting of the Police Com
missioners, Tuesday, they did not adjourn
for two or three hours after the regular
business was disposed of, and it was gen
erally surmised that the proposed retire
ments for age and length of service and
for other reasons were discussed, prepara
tory to the meeting to-night.
Several patrolmen who do nothing but
draw their salaries are marked out for de
capitation, and it is probable that action
in regard to them will be taken at the next
weeiiog of tbc board.
WHAT WAR WOULD MEAN
Notable Sermon by Dr. Stebbins
of the First Unitarian
Church.
THE MESSAGE UNDIGNIFIED.
A Conflict Between the English-Speak
ing Nations Would Set the
World on Fire.
The stranger in this city will notice at
the corner of Geary and Franklin streets
one of the most beautiful church edifices
in the United States. Built of unhewn
stone in the old English Gothic style, its
walls pierced with ornate orial windows, it
faces the east and is the most attractive
object in that neighborhood. Near the
main entrance and close to the sidewalk is
a graye — the resting-place of a former pas
tor, a beloved minister of the faith who
sleeps in honor near the congregation he
taught. It is the First Unitarian Church,
and is the third building used by that par
ticular society in thi3 City during the
course of over forty years. It is some-
times called the "Xew Starr King Church,"
in honor of the illustrious preacher en
tombed at its doors.
The First Unitarian Church Society was
organized October 20, ISSO, by Rev. Charles
A. Farley, in Simmons Athenaum Hall on
Commercial street. The first building wa3
erected on Stockton street, between Clay
and Sacramento, and dedicated July 19,
1833, and the second on Geary street, be
tween Stockton and Dupont. "it was dedi
cated January 10, 1864. and was used till
June 10, 1887. During the erection of the
third and last building stone was used
from the walls of the second edilice, and
when the congregation removed to their
new temple they carried with them the
sarcophagus containing the remains of
their dead pastor, Thomas Starr King, who
had died March 4, 1864, and bad been
buried in the churchyard.
For several months during the process
of construction of their new church the
congregation worshiped in the synagogue
of Emanu-El, the people of that society
generously offering tbe Christian congre
gation the use of their Jewish temple.
The- different ministers who have been
in charge of the First Unitarian Church
since 1850 are: Revs. C. A. Farley, Charles
Harrington, Frederick T. Gray, Rufus P.
Cutler, J. A. Buckingham, Thomas Starr
King and Horatio Stebbins. Dr. Stebbins,
the present pastor, took charge September
30, 1861, upon the death of the eloquent
Thomas Starr King, and under his earnest
labors and splendid management the
church has continued to prosper. Dr.
Stebbins is an excellent type of the schol
arly New England minister and his broad
and comprehensive views upon all ques
tions, political, social and economic, as
well as religious, have made him one of
the most noted preachers on the Pacific
Coast.
He was called from Portland, Me., from
the church where his son now preaches, to
the San Francisco charge thirty-one years
ago, and during this period of over a cen
tury's quarter he has Deen in the harness,
and the popularity of the First Unitarian
Church is a living testimony to his work
and faith.
A portion of Dr. Stebbins' sermon yes
terday morning was upon the rumors of
wars that are flying thickly among the
nations and the woe that would come upon
the world should Christianity become in
volved in a bloody conflict. The following
is taken from the words of the speaker
upon the subject:
I shall tnrn now to the common welfare of
nations and humanity, and invite you to view
from some eminence of thought the human
world. The hearts of nations throb with
anxiety, the common air of daily Intelligence
is full of war and rumors of wars, and men's
hearts are straitened, according to their temper
of thought and feeling, with anxiety, curiosity
or selfishness, if maybe the monsters of
violence will be let loose"on the earth. The
war between Japan »nd China, that flashed
like sudden flre against a midnight sky and
sent a lurid glare across the western heavens,
was chiefly distinguished by the display of
modern art among ancient pagan races; by the
interest it attracted from Christendom; by the
terms of peace dictated Dy Qtbejr ami moiern
' nations; by the small gain to the conquerors'
and last, and most important of all perhaps
historically, an European loan to the con
quered race indorsed by the Czar.
Difficult as it is for the Occidental to under
stand the Oriental mind, the historic student
\ will discern the dawn of a new era in Asiatic
i life, and the modern age may witness on the
! eastern shores of the world what Rome accom
plished on the Mediterranean by the union of
Caesar and Christ.
The Prime Minister of England lately said "a
careless spark might set Europe on fire." From
all quarters of the earth, borne on the winds
; of heaven, the noise and tumult ot war are
j heard in the press and in the street as if so
■ ciety itself were powder ana dynamite. These
i are conditions and facts ot world-influence
and meaning and are worthy of thought and
reflection.
For nearly a year Christendom has been
I shocked by the horrid barbarities of the Turk.
! Scenes of murder and rapine and plunder have
been enacted that are paralleled only in the
age of Tamerlane or Ghengia Khan. It seems
a deliberate aud fiendish purpose to extermi
nate a race. The Armenians are a people
i whose history antedates our era and stretches
i far back toward primeval records. In religion
! they 'are Christians; a church by themselves,
neither Roman Catholic nor Greek nor Prot
estant.
Without going into any discussion about the
conflict of religions or the clashing of the
crescent with the cross, the question, called by
an impatient English statesman the "eternal
! Eastern question, goes far back beyond and
i behind Christendom and Is-lani.
It is grounded in the necessity of European
I civilization to defend itself against the inroads
of the barbarian. This inspires nations to rise
up and say that barbaric war and despotic
cruelty shall not endure forever.
It is an expansion of man's view of the
world in its material and in its human and
divine aspects that justifies nations in their
union against a foe of the human family or to
resist the establishment of oppression on the
newer soils of the world.
I will not enter Jiere into any quasi or semi
dipiumblic discussion concerning the conten
tion between England and a South American
I State in its relation to our National policy and
traditions.
I may be permitted to notice in passing, how-
ever, the striking contrast of the President's
message to the general tone of the administra
tion. The councils of peace are not promoted
by warlike threats. The minatory spirit of the
message is to be regretted and is not easily ex
plained, except as a stroke of policy to divert
the mind of the country from inward discon
tents. The appointment of a commission to
ascertain the facts of the dispute is just and
fair, for we have a right to know how it af
fects us.
The effect of the message has been to make
men pale or red in the face. While history
teaches that there is no folly or madness too
absurd for men and nations* to rush into, we
may. reasonably hope that this matter will not
be left to noise or passion, but confided to the
silent art of diplomacy, that high tribunal
which is the reason of nations and the peace of
the world.
It amounts to very little to cast the horo
scope of the probabilities of victory. This is a
small matter, for a war between England and
America would be to the end of endurance of
both, and would set the world on fire. The
language of the message is not equal to the
writer's office nor worthy of the judicial and
dispassionate mind of a great ruler. Mixed
with much that is true there is the gratuitous
lolly of threats and opinions that has rilled the
country with insane and blustering passion.
Few men who have not reflected deeply have
any conception of what war between England
and America means. The war for the consti
tution and the Union that ruined one-half of
the country is a trifling incident in compari
son. It is no use to talk about who would be
exhausted. The sett would be incarnadined
and cities would be a smoldering heap. The
highest military authority, a man who knows
what war means, assures the country that
every city from Bangor to New Orleans would
be blockaded in ten days. All travel and com
merce would be stopped, labor would be a
bare-headed beggar and reviving prosperity
would be struck down at a blow. Every good
Citizen, every man of business, every patriot,
should face this idle, bragging talk with so
briety of judgment, intelligence and wisdom.
Ana if there are any so wicked and perverse as
to think and hope that war will come to make
business lively they deserve the deeD damna
tion of their inevitable doom.
There Is one view of this serious matter that
may not be fully appreciated by us. The
threatening tone of the President's message
has had the effect to divert the mind and pur
pose of England from the suppression of bar
barism in the East, inasmuch as in the case of
war how all her dependencies would be ex
posed and Turkish misrule would be carried
out to the bitter end. This possibility gives a
quality of intense wickedness to the whole
business, and gives barbarism a new and ex
tended lease.
But I cannot believe that the American peo
ple in spite of some tendency of blood to the
head now and then want war with English
men, nor do I believe that Englishmen want
war with America. A few years ago a delega
tion from the House of Commons impressed
upon us and all the nations that arbitration
was the way to settle all questions of disputed
right.
Questions of national importance are often
not as big as they look to be. They commonly
Involve simple business principles that are
familiar to every man of sense, and sometimes
what is called a "state paper" is only a great
fuss about a matter that two men of good
sense could settle in a counting-room.
I fully believe that the good sense and justice
of the Anglo-Saxon. English-American race
will declare that eternal peace between the
families of that race is the pledge and promise
of the peace of the world, and may the judg
ments of the living God be shown in the land
that the people may learn righteousness.
THE KTJSSIAN CHKISTMAS.
lin presai ye Services at the Greek Church
This Forenoon.
There will be Christmas services at the
Russian cathedral, on Powell street, this
morning. According to the Julian method
of reckoning time, between which and the
Gregorian calendar there is a difference of
twelve days, Christmas falls on to-day for
Russia and all the Slavonian countries.
\ The ceremonies for to-day will begin at
10 A. m. and be very impressive. The
music especially will be good. The Gre
gorian or plain chant is still adhered to by
the orthodox Greek Catholic church in its
solemn services, but to-day's ceremonies
will include the concert; "Bortnjansky,"
the two particular features of which are
the "Slava Visnjem Bogu" and the "Tebe
Boga Hvalim," by a choir of twelve, of
which Peter Ignaticb Popoff is leader.
Bishop Nicholas will preach, and in the
celebration of the mass he will be assisted
by Fathers Greenkevitch and Camneff and
Deacons Wassilieff and Corchinsky. There
are also to be two ordinations. Rev. N. S.
Greenkevitch is to be made an arch-priest
and Rev. N.* B. Wassilieff a priest. Very
elaborate are the decorations of the Cathe
dral of St. Basil, and tapers and evergreens
abound. There were the customary vesper
seiYic.es last aigUL
NEW TO-DAY. , '
t" Pure ancl Sure."
Baking Powdek.
Manufactured originally by Cleveland Brothers, Albany, N, V.,
now by the Cleveland Baking Powder Company, New York.'
has been used by American housewives for twenty-five
years, and those who have used it longest praise it most.
Receipt book free. Send stamp and address. Cleveland Baking Powder Co., New York.
IRISH NATIONAL ALLIANCE
Colonel O'Byrne on the Prospects
of England's Rule Break
ing Up.
THE PATRIOTS WANT WAR.
Music and Oratory Prevail at the
Large Meeting of "The O'Neill"
Council.
Colonel John O'Byrne was the star
speaker at the meeting of "The O'Neill"
Council of the Irish National Alliance at
the K. It. 13. Hall, corner of O'Farrell and
Mason streets, yesterday afternoon.
The gathering was a most enthusiastic
one. There was a large attendance, and
Irish music, song and oratory flowed with
an agreeable smoothness for over two
hours. It was the first meeting of the
council. A large number of new members
took the pledge of allegiance. Dr. O'Neill
presided. In the course of an interesting
talk the president said:
It is the intention of The O'Neill Council to
educate the members on historical and scien
tific subjects. It is a common saying even
among Irishmen that Irish history is about the
dryest history kuown. There may be some
truth in the remark, for the fact is that Ire
land, of all countries, has never been fairly
represented on the page ol history. In this
Ireland has reason to complain, for although
her sons have done much for the historic fame
of other countries, they have for the most part
wholly neislectcd their own. If Goldsmith had
but done for Ireland what he did for England,
then the personages of Ireland's eventful
drama would be as familiarly known as are
those of English history. The O'Neills and
O'Donnells would bear comparison with the
Rus-sells and the Sidneys and the Hampdens.
The Desmonds and Gernldines and Davises
would stand on a level with the Warwicks, the
Percys and the Douglases of English story,
and McMurrough would shine out from
the darkness of their times with as true a
luster as that which guilds the names of the
English Alfred and tiie Scotch Bruce.
The O'Neill Coui.cil intends to remedy this
deplorable want of information existing in
many minds in reference to Ireland's history
by tjiviug lectures and readings on Irish his
torical subjects at all its meetings. By so do
ing the council can accomplish a vast amount
of good, even though their efforts to redeem
the land of their love should prove unsuccess
ful. No country under heaven has had more
heroic deed 9 done for her than Ireland; no
country holds a higher place in the martyrol
ogy of nations. There is no history more
checkered than Ireland's, or marked by more
striking vicissitudes, more striking events,
deeper shadows or more radiant lights.
A number of other speakers dwelt on
the musical, literary and artistic achieve
ment of Ireland in the past and then Colo
nel O'Byrne delivered a most interesting
address on the Transvaal question.
"It would seem," said Colonel O'Byrne,
"that a cause which lias been treasured for
thirty generations, the cause of Ireland's
national freedom, is about to be accom
plished. There never was a time in the
history of Europe when the symptoms of
England's breaking up were so pro
nounced as at this time. A French phil
osopher has said that all great reforms
have been accomplished by eccentric men,
ana if this be true the young Emperor of
Germany fits the bill."
The speaker then gave a minute account
of the pending difficulty between England
and Germany in South Africa; how the
old Dutch settlement of Cape Colony was
broken up by English invaders; how the
people then removed to what is now known
as the Orange Free State, and later to
Transvaal. The settlement was always
Germanic.
"These people," said Colonel O'Byrne,
"belong to the German community, for the
German poet, in speaking of the Father
land, says it extends to
Where'er resounds the German tongue,
Where Uermau hymns to God are suug.
"In a hundred years no such diplomatic
affront has been given to England as that
of the young Emperor of Germany. Ger
many no longer pays tribute to England,
whose rival in manufacture and commerce
she is.
"The nations of Europe are tired paying
tribute to England. She has never .kept a
treaty."
Colonel O'Byrne next reviewed the Vene
zuelan issue, and declared that England's
difficulty whs Ireland's opportunity. He
declared that the time bad come when the
Nationalists should press forward and take
up arms if necessary.
"There is nothing common between the
people of the United States and England.
We are their national enemies. They hate
us and we hate them. Let us first give our
loyalty to the country of our adoption, and,
secondly, to the old land where the sham
rock grows on the graves of our fathers."
ROOMS AT SACRAMENTO.
The State Board of Horticulture Want*
to Move to the State
Capital.
Agreeably to Governor Budd's desire
that the headquarters of the State Board
of Horticulture should be at Sacramento,
the members of the board have taken meas
ures to secure quarters. One of the officers
went to the capital the other day to look
over the accommodations. No rooms were
found available, and the board secured
quarters in the Mills building for the time
being.
Later the Secretary of State wrote at the
request of Governor Budd to President
Ellwood Cooper, tendering rooms in the
Capitol.
Mr. Cooper answered that he had sub
mitted the matter to the members by let
ter, and that in his judgment it would be
unwise to make any change at that time
because it was at a season of the year when
the board's time was most fullyoccupied.
President Cooper has always favored lo
cating tne offices of the board at the Capi
tol building at Sacramento, and is now an
ardent supporter of the proposition. The
answers to President Cooper a letter show
that live of the eight constituting the
board favor moving.
Letters have been received from ail the
members of the board, in which they indi
cate a general desire that the headquarters
should be at the State Capitol.
The matter of moving to Sacramento is
soon to be taken up at a coming meeting
of the board. The headquarters will
probably be moved to Sacramento as soon
as the present busy season in over, or in
about sixty days. As this is the planting
season the officers of the board are kept
busy inspecting every shipment of trees
coming into the State by rail, steamer and
sailing vessel.
St. John's New Pastor.
The new pastor of the St. John's Presbyterian
Church on California street, the Rev. Samuel
J. Kennedy, was unable to officiate yesterday
iia what would bays been bid iA&uguial Delete
that congregation. He arrived from Seattle
Friday suffering from a lame foot, cau.=ed by
stepping on a nail while packing his effects a
week ago. So far he has made no plans for his
work on his new charge. The Rev. D. H.
Braisefield preached yesterday forenoon and
evening, tilling the place that will be occupied
by the regular pastor next Sunday.
Lost His Thumb.
B. Swikard, a conductor on tne Park and
Ocean Kail road, was uncoupling a car after the
rush of the travel last evening when the engine
gave a jerk and Swikard's right thumb was
caught between the bumpers and frightfully
mangled.
NEW TO-DAY-AMtfSEMENTS.
WICDLAfiOLfIGOniODa o>- LtsbU«tßnAnAo«4—
cv a e n nt 7 TO-NIGHT
INDEED
BETUKN OF THE FAVOKITES.
THE SUI'KRB
FKAWLEY COMPANY!
Stronger, B«tter and More Perfect
Than Ever.
A MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION
Of Henry C. De Mllle's Powerful Play,
"THE
LOST
PARADISE."
Entire New Scenery!
. Entire >*ew Costumes !
Reserved Seats— lsc, 25c, sOc and 75c.
Br*Vh E/VTRE *l PROPS.
Every Night This Week, Including Sunday*
Matinee Saturday.
The Qharmlug and Brilliant Artiste,
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And Her Own Splendid Company
In A. K. .Lancaster and Julian Hagnus' Powerful
Emotional Drama,
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE"
Next Week-2£ISS WAIXWRIGHT in "TlioLove
Chase," "An Unequal Match," "As You
lilke It" and "Camille."
2 WEEKS ENGAGEMENT OF
America's Representative Tragedian, MR.
LOUIS JAMES
And Ilia Excellent Company in Repertory:
jlondiiy, Tuesday and Sunday Nights
and Saturday Matinee,
"-\7-raC3rI3NTIXJS. » »
Wednesday and Thursday Nights " IIA11LKT"
Friday and Saturday Nights "MACBETH"
2d "Marmlon," "Othello," "Romeo and
Juliet," etc
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. i-KNicsTiN-tt Kbklino Proprietor it .i»iui«
EVE3K.-ST EVENING
~ TDE mm EBITIOJ r-
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Bar-
A lesque, X
I IXIOKT, i
li. THE OF THE WHEEL. JL
NEW SONGS!-
NEW DANCES! NKW LOCALISMS!
NEW SPECIALTIES!
The Most Perfect Production Ever Seen in Thia
City— A La lu-la-la-la of a Success !
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
+S* ALCAZAR
EVERY NIGHT
fIUTIJEES \YED\ESDAY. SATL'RDAY HI SU.VDAT!
The Funniest Comedy on Earth,
J'MY PRECIOUS BABY
Most Happily Cast!
The Great Laugh of Paris !
"MY PRBCIOUS BABY!"
Wednesday "Pop" Matinee !— Elegant
Novels Presented to Each
Lady and Child.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
Nlgrht Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKOSCO, Sole Lessee and Managef
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Tom Craven's Famous Comedy Drama,
THE FUGITIVE!
SEE The Mills By Moonlieht
and Kealistic Shipwreck Scene,
Evknixb Prices— 2so and 50a
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Alatineeft Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Btreet, Between Stockton and Po^aU.
TO-NIGHT AND I) V KINO THE WEEK«
ANOTHER GREAT 111 1.1. !
6 NEW PEOPLE! 6
MASON AND HEALY,
DELTORELLO BROTHERS,
DUCROW AND BUSH,
CLIFFORD AND HUTH,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
A MAGNIFICENT COMPANY.
Kenerved seats, 20c; Balcony, 10c: Opera cnaln
and Box scats. 60c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Opened 3 Nights, Beginning To-night.
POPULAK MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
RICE'S BIQ "1492."
Secure your seats In advance.
SHOOT THE CHUTESI
DAILY FKO3I 1 TO 11 P. If.
(WEATIIEK I'KRMITTI.N
HAIGTIT ITRKKT, NEAK TIIK PAEK.
ADMISSION 1 10 CENTS
Children (including a Merry -Go-Hound Klde), 10c.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, December 26»
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Haiti orMbine.
FIVE UB Mi nil. Hacks EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 r. M. sharp.
McAllister and Ueary street curs puss the eate.
R. JJ. JJIILROY. TJU.OS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
™" ninn i MB . jßlnaii i mim
78
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Slow but Steady Improvement in
Business for Two
Years.
INCREASE IN IMMIGRATION
Railroad " Stop-Over" Privileges—Cali
fornia Wine in the East.
Sales.
In canvassing the summaries of the
various line? of business in San Francisco
lor 1885 one realizes that the City has cre
ated a basis of permanent prosperity by
keeping her money in trade and persist
ently staying away from "booms." True,
there have been periods of excitement as
well as seasons of depression, which took a
number of people off their feet and dropped
them into bankruptcy, but San Franciscans
have generally held fast to legitimate busi
ness and permanent inrestments.
Something over three years ago money
began to be locked up at the East and
ceased to flow to the Pacitic Coast, throw
ing this part of the country on its own re
sources. And while "boom" towns lan
guished the effect on San Francisco was
comparatively little felt in the business
community because of the conservative
and wise business policy of the bankers
and merchant*; !'t-< - ;uise alsoof the laiger
amount of home capital engaged in pro
ducing cereals, fruits, wine and other food
articles for the markets of the world, the
consumption of which cannot be curtailed
during a period of financial depression
like the supply of manufactured goods,
and because San Francisco's prosperity de
pends on a vast wealth-producing territory
which it supplies with nearly all the arti
cles of trade.
The recovery is well illustrated by the
decrease shown in the number of business
failures in California by Bradstreet's :
"Spar. No. Assets. Liabilities.
11-93 761 56.416.H08 511,746,532
1894 BH7 8,256,074 6,54e,856
1895 809 1,985,677 3,91!7,593
Every large jobbing and retail linn in
San Francisco discounts its bills and has
been doing so for \ - ears, hence the mer
chants of this City enjoy a credit amonc
Eastern manufacturers and importers as
high as it is possible to attain. As a rule
the banks are called on by the mercantile
community during the seasons ol buying
for accommodation in order that cash may
be paid tor all purchases, and there has
never been a time when the banks were
not willing and strong enough to meet
every requirement of legitimate trade.
Further evidence of growtn is presented
in the comparative statement of bank
clearings compiled by the Bradstreet Com
pany. Local bank clearines in December
were (63, 192,297, against $55,201,775 for De
cemler, I H '.4. For the yeai 1895 they were
(9,240, against - - or the
year I-: 1 !. This shows a gain for 1895 over
lv' 4 of ;i little under tj per cent.
Another indication of improvement in
the business outlook, which is usually con
sidered an invariable index, is the revival
of immigration. The total arrivals at New
Y.>rk in the year ending June 30, 1895, were
190,928, whife those for the six months
ending November IS, IS9. r >, were 142,104.
The following summary shows how im
migration has been slowly increasing
month by month:
Months. 1«94. 1895.
May 22,832 34,648
June 16,403 '_'4>:t7
July 11,743 17,804
August 11478 18,424
S-eiuember 14,834 23.025
October 15,883 L'S.4L'ti
Total forsix months 92,673 142,164
In estimating what the future will be
ten, or twenty, or thirty years hence, it
may be well to bear this thought in mind
that San Franoisco will grow as the coun
try grow- . The tide of immigration, ever
running toward the setting sun, is flowing
strong to the equable climate and the rich
soil of California which has the United
States to draw from.
The first reliable summary of real estate
sales in San Francisco furnished by
Thomas Magee & Sons' R ... Estate Circu
lar/and the report is gratifying. It shows
the following totals:
Year. Number sales. Amount.'
1894 3404 124,227,050
1895 Sslfi 15,947.
The following comparison shows which
sections of the city have participated in
the sales during the past two years:
Section. 1894. 1895.
60-varas. 93.6Ht,580 $5.03(3.144
100-varas 1,707.660 1,816.782
City slip and water lots.. 1,260,05 a 690.850
t-outh Beach 14,000 2 500
Potrero 253,783 179,145
Mission 1,836,025 2,413,764
Western Addition 3,882.533 4,315,077
South San Francisco 123,747 177,978
Outside lands 1,390,853 1,269,603
Tax titles, etc. 38,510 57.961
Totals $14,227,050 6.941,961
With regard to the aggregate amount of
the mortgages and releases, Mr. Magee
says:
< »n the face the number and value of the City
real estate mortgages given last year wire
larger than the number in value of* th>
There were 3515 sales of the lutal valuent $15,
--947,361,whi1e there were 4,47 mortgages oi
the aggregate value of $17,852,207 ; but then
there were 277S releases • i Cltj real estßte
mortgages reconl.'.l of the value of $13,174,353.
The morteages exceeded tho releases, therefore
only 100!) in number, and (4,477,654 in value!
Nearly $fi,OtX>.ooo was expended in build
ings the past season, $1,000,000 more than
the previous year, but not in advance of
needs.
Fifty-five miles of single track of street
railroads, principally electric, were laid by
the Market-street Railway Company dur
ing 1895, and rive miles of" single track by
Adohih Sutro, and not for the purpose of
booming inaccessible real estate, but to
earn dividends. There has been in the
history of the City more or less specula
tion in suburban real estate, but the money
which went in it was the idie surplus of
the individual, not active capital with
drawn from trade or industrial enterprises.
The conservatism which has always i ri
valled in San Francisco has saved the City
from that overslimulation which, when
it dies down, haves the man weak and ex
hausted, unable to exert himself further
than to receive nourishing care until his
natural strength returns.
From the time that San Francisco laid
off swaddling clothes up to the present
the people have depended on themselves
and on the development of the country
around them to do that which was neces
sary to build up a great city with one
exception, and that was the railroad.
Criticism has been made that San Fran
cisco does not move fast enough, and the
belief is prevalent that she has always
kept a step in advance of the development
of the country. This condition of affairs
will be completely changed when North
ern and Central California secure the rail
roads that the resources and capacities
justify, the first and most difficult step
toward which is the construction of the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
.Railroad, and which will doubtless change
San Francisco's railroad communications
with the East. It is a safe prediction that
before many years the country surround
ing this City will be gridironed with rail
roads and crowded with a more happy and
prosperous population.
With cheap transportation wheat-grow
ing upon a large scale will be abandoned,
the present immense ranches cut up into
small farms and the requ 'site capital be
invested in irrigation works. In propor
tion as the great San Joaquin and Sacra
mento valleys are filled, with prosperous
tillers of the soil will the enterprises and
boundaries of San Francisco expand. The
6tability of a commercial city wnich has
withstood the shock of three panics with
oat a wreck of any consequence among her
commercial and "mercantile and financial
institutions, and passed through three
periods of great industrial depression
without a serious backset, will grow In
proportion to the country for which she is
the market and the seaport.
REVIEW OF THE WEEK S KECOKDS.
There were sixty-one real estate loans
made during last week, amounting in the
aggregate to $156,G48.
The following abstract from the records
shows the principal sums and the security
accepted:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
for one year.at u l , per cent, ,000, to Thomas
Holm, on property at the ioutliwest cornerof
Stockton and Sutter streets, 30x80; $16,000,
to Annie Q. Dufty, on property on the north
line of California, 103:1% eastoi Octavia, east
4!»:4'.., no.-th 120:8J4, west 15, etc, and on the
east ne ol Valencia, 120 north of Seventeenth,
05x87:0; $11,000, to Joseph Cuneo, on prop
erty on the west line of Mason, 18:4 north of
Greenwich, west 60, south 18:4, west 17:0, etc.,
and on the north line of I'aritic, 89:8 east of
Kearny, 47:19x137:6; $7500, to Adoiph
Ludmann, on property on the north
line of O'Karrell, 74 west «i Larkin,
63:6x120; and $12,000, to Anna G. <>>Kriff,
on property on the southwest corner oi Web
ster Btreet and Paeiiic avenue; west 137:0,
south 127:8^, east 137:6, etc
Other Large loans were: By Jacob Dusen
berg $32,500 to Wolf Bloom at BJ£ per cent per
annum, on property on the southwest line of
Sixth, 274 .southeast of Howard, sou tneast 76,*
southwest 155, northwest 75, etc.-; and by the
Humboldt Savings ami Loan Society $10,000
to William \V. Kednall for two years at 7 per
cent, on property on the northwest line of
Market, 142 southwestof Ridlcystreet, 50x100.
The releases placed on record the past
week number thirty-six and represented
?1i.\147. The largest granted were the fol
lowing:
By the Hibernla Savings and Loan Society,
■o, to Clara L. Arguello, on property at
::;fn\".st corner of Baker and Grove
streets, 62:6x100; by Jacob Dusenberg, $30,
--000, to Wolf Bloom, on property on the south
west line "t >ixth Btreet, «71 southeast of
Howard, southeast 76, southwest 155, north
west 75, etc. ; by the Hamboldt Savings and
Loan Society, ¥8000. to Thomas Larkin, on
property on the northeast line of Ninth stret-t,
37:6 southeast of Stevenson, 37 :tix7s; and by
the Hibernia Savings and Loan society, sfOOOO,
to William Trost, on property at tne southeast
corner of Steiner and California streets, 08:9
Deeds were recorded last week to the
number of seventy-eight.
There were fourteen builders' contracts
filed last week, representing a pledged out
lay of $U7,729 50.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.
A. E. Buckingham, the real estate
broker and large property-holder, who has
been absent from the City fora number of
months on account of poor health, has re
opened an office in the Safe Deposit build
ing.
Improvements are being rapidly pushed
on the new Fmitvale Terminal Tract.
Already a mile and a half oi street-grading
has been done, and a contract has been let
for macadamizing and for sidewalks. Mr.
Pratt and the McCarthy Company, owners,
are meeting with »ood" success with sales.
By order ot the Board of Supervisors the
Mayor has authorized O. P. yon Rhein &
Co. to sell at public auction ths property
owned by the City in Mission olock N0. 48.
The sale will take place Thursday, Jan
uary Hi.
C. C. Fisher, the real-estate broker, has
been missed from his accustomed haunts
since December 9 last, at which time a
surgical operation was performed on him
at his home in Oakland by Dr. Cunning
ham of that city. The operation was a
very successful one, and Mr. Fisher is rap
idly improving, ana hopes in a week or
two to lie again at his otliee.
The event of the month in City real es
tate is the coming sale of the Pacific 1m-
Erovement Company's property in the
locks bounded by Market, Mission,
Twelfth and Hermann streets, aggregating
in value about half a million dollars.
Nearly all of the land yields a ground
rental.
The property will be sold in subdivisions
by Baldwin <fe Hammond, at public auc
tion, on Thura lay, January 23.
On Tuesday, the '-'Ist in St., a referee sale
of a portion of the Boyd estate will be held
by Easion, Eldridtre i <'o. li comprises a
lot on the north line of Golden Gate ave
mie, 137 :<3 west of Leavenworth street, on
which are four buildings. The lot is GOi
137:6, with an 1. 22x57:6.
It is estimated that $;j:i3,000 was spent in
improvements last year in Berkeley, and
that of this sum (200,000 was expended in
the erection of new residences.
To-morrow the annual meeting of the
falermo Fruit Company will be neld.
This evening the Young Men's Institute
will consider the proposition of forming a
hall association, the ultimate object being
to buy a lot and erect a building for the
use of the various councils of the order.
The following report of the Sgobel &
Day regular auction sale of California wine,
brandy and champagne, held at New York
last Friday, will be of unusual interest to
wine-growers and dealers in country real
estate:
Barrels, Muscat. 30c to 28c: barrels. An
gelica, 29}£e toiSVjC; barrels, Malaga, •2!>e; bar
rels, sherry, 3Bc; barrels, Sweet Tokay, 29% C to
29c; barrels, port, 30'oC to 29;^c; half barrels,
blackberry brandy, 3Sc to 35c; cases, cham
pagne (pints), $5% to $434; cases, champagne
(quarts), fi% to $3%.
While the attendance was not as large at this
sale as at some of the previous ones, owing- to
the proximity of the holidays, the bidding was
decidedly lively, and the prices obtained are
higher right through the list than those ruling
last month. The market is stronger, rellecting
the higher prices in California.
"The grantiM<; of stop-over privileges by
the Southern Pacific Railroad is a matter
of greater importance to Central and
Northern California than anyone antici
pates," said Edwin X". Alsip a few days
ago. "Our attention has been more parti
cularly drawn to this fact by our con
nection with immigrants during the last
three months than ever before," continued
Mr. Alsip, "and we must confess that we
never fully realized this importance until
this time. 1 believe that the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company is: standing in its
own light by not granting these privileges,
for every man who locates in Nonhern
California is a direct feeder to their S3'stem,
as everything he wears, eats and raises
passes over their lines. There are some
300 to 500 people passing through Sacra
mento every week — all ticketed to Soutnern
California. They know nothing about the
resources of our portion of the State and
did they know at least half of them would
be induced to settle among us. Every
business man and every settler in this por
tion is interested in this matter. In the
late excursion parties, which have come
through to settle upon the Fair Oaks
colony, which we represent upon this
coast, there were several to whom our as
sociates liad to promise to pay and did so
in a few cases the fare iron Sacramento to
Los Angeles in order to get immigrants to
stop off and we easily sold land to three
quarters of the new comers.
"I presume other brokers have had the
same experience. Tne local railroad agents
have rendered what assistance lay in their
power, but the restrictions are so severe
they can do but little to help v«. Tn some
instances where parties stopped off to feed
stock we have been able to sell them land,
but this is only mentioned as showing
what could be done were the privilege a
general one. It is the duty of every citi
zen in this portion of the State to agitate
this matter until the stop-over privilege is
granted. I have had several interviews
with the managers of the Southern Pa
citic, but no concessions have been
granted so far."
December sales reported by Will E.
Fisher & Co. are as follows:
Lot 25x137:6, on Fell street, between Clay
ton and Cole, for $2950; lot 21ix125, on the
east line of Chattanooea street, 182 feet north
of Twenty-second, $1250; lot 25x120, on the
west line of Tenth street, 200 feet north of M,
SHOO; lot 25x120, on the east line of Thirty
tilth htreet, 200 feet south of Clement, $350;
lot 25x120, on the southeast corner of Tenth
and L streets, $750; lot on the east line of
Larkin street, 02:3 from Greenwich. $825;
lot 25x137:£, on the west line of Folsom
street, 250 feet south of Twenty-fourth, s2lso;
lot on Tenth street, 250 feet north of M, $750;
lot on the east line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 200
feet south of Clement, $400; 1913 Stockton
street, north of chestnut, lot 40x160, for
$4000; lot on west line of second avenue, 100
feet south of Clement, 25x120, for $1000.
The residents of the Heymaa Tract are
becoming anxious over the expected ac
tion of the Board of Supervisors in estab
lishing electric lights in their section of
the city, and propose to send a second dep
utation to interview the street committee
on the subject.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
Birds of the Presidio Must Not
Be Used to Train
Dogs.
QUAIL ON THE RESERVATION.
Water Supply of the Post Will Be
Made Ample for Five Thousand
Troops.
The wells and duplicate pumping plant
at the Presidio are now cay>able of supply
ing 1,000,000 gallons of water daily. This
quantity is sufficient for a garrison much
larger than is now stationed there, but it
is the purpose of Colonel Kimball, chief
quartermaster of the department, to in
crease the facilities until enough water is
obtained to supply 5000 troops and all the
force needed for hydraulic pressure at the
fortifications.
It is known that 3,000,000 gallons a day
run to waste through Loboa Creek to the
ocean. So far the springs which supply
the outflow to the ocean have been tapped
above the lake and at a point where con
tamination by seepage or surface exposure
is impossible. As a result the water sup
plied is pure and fresh. Experiments in
the way of testing the capacity of the
wells are still in progress.
Two men of Battery A, Fifth artillery,
are in the guardhouse for disorderly con
duct on New Year's night.
A board of oih'eers has been appointed
for the purpose of considering schemes of
instruction submitted by the command
ing officers of Angel Island. Benicia bar
racks and San Diego barracks and devis
ing a sclierao of instruction in detail,
which shall be uniform for all infantry
posts in the department. The board coii
si-ts of Captain Charles Gr. Starr, First In
fantfy; First Lieutenant Louis P. Brant,
adjutant First infantry, and First Lieu
tenant George W. Kirkman, First In
fantry.
A lady visited the Presidio last Saturday
to ascertain from General Graham if a fine
dog, a Royal Dane belonging to Douglas
i Dick, had been shot by one of the sentinels.
| The general was pleased to inform her
that the ilog had not been shot by his sol
diers—at least no report, of such shooting
had been made to the commanding officer.
Sneaking of this rule against allowing
! dog's to come on the reservation, General
Graham said: "The regulation was es
tablished by General McDowell and I have
continued to enforce it. At every gate a
notice is conspicuously displayed to the
effect that dogs are not allowed on the
reservation. The rule is not more strin
gent than the City ordinance relating to
aogs in the park and public squares of
San Francisco. The municipal ordinance
permits police officers to kill dogs in the
park.
"The regulation at this post," continued
General Graham, "is that every dog kept
on the reservation must be licensed at post
headquarters. No dog licensed or unli
censed is allowed on the parade ground
during hours of parade, and at other times
the dog must be accompanied by an adult.
Each company at the post is allowed to
keep two dogs, but the regulations regard
ing their control must be observed.
"If a dog is found running around con
trary to the regulation he is caught and
impounded at the guardhouse. My own
clog was in the guardhouse for twenty-four
hours. He is an intelligent fellow and
i seems to understand that he has been
\ punished for going on tne parade ground
; contrary to orders. He goes into the
! house now when the troops parade. I saw
| him at my horse's heels during tne last re
view and ordered the sergeant to take him
to the guardhouse.
"This agitation about the killing of dogs
on the reservation comes mainly, I be
lieve, from the dog-fanciers. I have on
the reservation some very fine birds
meadow larks and quail." Back of the
wagon corral there are several coveys of
beautiful quail. T: ere may be a hundred
or more in a covey. They are fine birds,
j with beautiful top-knots, and so tame that
they will come close to one. The tempta
tion of dog-fanciers to use these birds to
train their dogs is hard to resist. If rules
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— l"., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIUST RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; purse.
Index. j
j Best 1
Lbs record.!
Dlst. Lbs Tk. '
460 Pollock 104 i
Spry I^ark 102 1:02
(468) I. ratify 114. 1:13%!
432 Lizzie H 102' 1:15%
4S? Grady 107 1:13
475 (laru Johnson.. 102 :56
460 Alvara.lo 104 1:17%
481 Xi yflelßanuid'sll7|l:O2
473 Joe X i 1071 1:1 3y 2
486 Heartsease 102 1:1 4-U
318 May Joi>es 10
I • McNaughton<tMulr Imp. Rossington-Marjorie
5f 101 P.. Mrs. A. Murphy.... Fit /James- Fabiola
I *> f 77 Fa. W.s'.li.sur stable. Farondole-Satisfaction
! 51/3* 84 Fa. D. a tlonlg Jona Henry-Minnie Payna
*6 f ;109;F.. Owens Bros 1 Three Cheers-Gold Cup
41,0 f 106 F.. M. Johnson [El Rio Rey- Valerie
6f ;92 Fa. W. B. MntJr : Ammo-safita Mar«aretta
Sf 104 Fa. I Lone stable ,Imp.Truf Briton-Em Collier
6f 106 fc\. M. Kerr lim Krown-I'ro.vimate
6f 101 F.. .1. c. Humphrey. ... Imp. Kyrle Daly-Extract
R. W. Roberts Kylo- by Joe Daniels
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling; beaten non-winners at the meeting.
:ndex.
Name.
|| Besx
Lbs record.
Dlst. iLbslTk.j
(>\\ ner.
445
486
(440)
458
4MJ
490
487
493
456
481
481
477
493
478
' Detective
il'olaski
!Jack Uicholleu.
j'l oano
E. li. Sherley ..
Oregon Eclipse.
Hennis. . .
Tim Murphy . ..
Ited Gleun
Model
Hlco
Hueneme
I 111111:1 D
Monterey
1 102 1:131..
103 1:4034
108 1 :17y 2
109 1:06%
104 1:32%
107 1 :18V 2
110 las
103 1:061/2
105 1:16
100 l:073 /4
105 1:14%
105 1:08
105 1:1514
105 1:18%
6f 100
[ Ira 95
j 6 1 107
fii/. 1 111
7t" 104
6f jO9;
6 1 104
51., 1 105
6f 101
6i/ 3 f 105
6I ' 95
5y f 99
6f 109
I *6f 103
F...
X...
H..
L'\. .
II
n .
11..
I
F...
I
We tchester stab Imp. Deceiver-Exile.
Owen 3roa ( apt. Al-i,old Cup.
B Schrelber .. .. Imp. Ureat Totn-Euvenom.
W. Hliiiimbaugh.. I.ongfellow--alara.
1' Br a n 1 Imp. Bonnie Brown-Disptch
■'• RObhlns IJoe'HoOKer-I.ulu KigKS.
El ni wood stck fmi Imp. Bnnus-Leda.
White ,t Clarke., jimp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie R
Cambridge stable Glen Kirn-Red • : irl.
Califtirnia stable. Imo. Sir Modred-Gypsy.
8. C Hildrpth... shannon-Fannie Lewis.
C. 1.. Mr Donald .. Sid-Do tie Dimple.
!. P. Woolman... .luck Brady-Solly Varaen.
I Elkton stable Hidalgo-Glen Ellen.
THIP.D KACE— Ono and a half miles; selling.
Index.!
Name.
I Best
Lbs record. Dlst. ;
j Lbs iTk J
Owner.
435 Fi Fi
441 'Arundel
492 (Long dOr
4«3 Doyle
480 I Red Root
469 [Fred Gardner..
492 IArtiCUS
96 1:293^,
109 1:01
100 110 rec
96
106 i:44y
105 2:36
103 1:56
7 f
6 f
1 m
1V 2 m
lysni
93:
IOOj
105
92
99
t... E. Tierney
F.. i Laurel wood farm.
.... D. Wulllday
.... B. Bchreiber
F... Charles Parker
F... F. M. Taylor
Fa. W. c. Vivell
Hidalgo-Veracity
Duke of Norfolk-Elaine
Hayon d'Or-hlandana
Macduff-Miss Lawrence
Imp. London-Cameo
lAike Blackburn-Enfllade
Argyle-Ulenloch
FOURTH RACE— One mile: alleges: purse.
Name.
Lbs
I Best
record .
Dist.
Lbs iTk.
487 i
487 1
I
487 I
489 j
(490)!
387 I
398
Imp. Utter
Catch 'Em
Logan
Yo El Key
j Uncle Giles
I Vinctor
l l.ismore...;
Handsome
P8
1001:15 51/2*
119j 1:441/4 1 ni
105.n0 rec
98 1:42 lm
11011:3914 1 ra
100! 1:28 V*:! 7 f
98| 1:56i/2 |iy 8 m
99
■jo
107
in
ni
hi:
p..
fV..
I:-.
Merriwa stable i
Mokelumnes. F...
A. Shields j
C. L. Fair
Nevada stanle
Elm wood stock fm
A. Godfrej-
K. Corrignn
Martine llenry-Uralla
Imp. Midlothian-Lit. FluEh
Volticeur-Pert
Joe Hooker-Marion
Elßioßey-Hettiellumphrev
Imp. Brutus-Mollie H
Libson-Emetta.
Hanover-Imp. Cinderella.
•H RACE— About six furlongs;
: for mares: three-year-olds aud upwards.
Best
record.
Lhsj
Tk.
178
470 !
486 ;
478 ;
470 I
481
(389)'
462
1190
428
477 i
493 j
431 I
493
Bravura.
I Miss Kuth
[Imp. Ivy
(Seaside
Minnie I
|Model
1 Wheel of Fortune
Bella of Stonew'll
M'limie
iCirce
ißliie Bell
(Jennie W
I Chartreuse II
Ktataa. D
oinger
Empress Norfolk.
85 1:14
94 1 1:42 I
91 1:16
91 l:14l/ 4
85
91 1:07%
91 1 1:27% I
86 .
91 ! 1 :07i '2
85 l:13i/ 4
91:1:12%
85 1:15
95 1:18
96 1:151 A
85
85 1:08
*6f
lm
6f
•6f
Iff"
98
94 1
109:
961
105
105
F...
F...
F. . .
.Fa..
F.V.i
F...1
! Pueblo stable...
A. Martin !
Merrlwa stable.
P. Slebenthaler.
i Wni. Singleton.
California stable
J. Harvey.. '
W. B. Sink ".''. i
T. Kyan
Lone stable 1
A.G.Stephenson
C. I. Sanders... [
W.O'BM'doa'gh
J. P.'Woolman. 1
I J. Bobbins j
O. Hose j
jWildldle-Why Not
;Sobrante-I{nth
;lmp. Castor- Veneration
jimp. Mariner-Marin
1 Kegem-Cariboo
Imp. Sir Motired-Gypay
IGuno-Jennie B.
i spendthrift-Miss Nailer
i Powhattan-Fashionette
Imp. Friar Turk-Jessie C.
Prince Norfk-Oem oftlie M'ts
j ßonnie Ban-Felecltla
Imp. I'hcvior-lmp. Zara
Jack Brady- Dolly Vardcn
i 1 lam-R espond
I Kmperor Norfolk-Savannah
6y 2 f
D I
* 6f
01
6f
99 1
90
94
107
99
109 j
F...
F...
F...
X;..
H..
Fa.
"344"!
'6i/ 2 f"
!iOT
I F. 7.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
non-winners at the meeting.
! Best
Lbs record.
Lbs
93!
101
102
125
,Tk. Owner.
! F.. . IP. Slebenthaler
F.. W. L. Appieby
■P... L. Eze11 ........
F... BlktOD stable |
.... Will Una singleton.
.... 6. H. Irwin.?.. •
F...1C. J.Qnlno '
... M. Bonhert
1... J. i-urnt
F....W. i.urp I
!■"... J. Ma.Liox j
... 15 Schreiber. .. i
F...jJ. P. Atkia [A
1 j Key A 1 f ouso stable. !
|F...|A. H. Browu 1
487 Sea Spray. 100
486 Raindrop 101
478 Sir George 108
481 Key Alia 102
470 Minnie 1 103
459 Great tails 108
479 Zela I 831
482. George Bonhert. 103 1
452 Phyllis i 85
479 iDon Gara 92'
482 Harry .Lewis.... 105
481 5y1via........... 87
483 Jack Atkins.... 87
465 Valparaiso 105
404 jveva ........... 95
,1:0214! BJ
1:42% 1 m
1 :0V2% ! 6 f
; 1:02 of
no rec
1:133/4 *6 *
no rec. ......;. j
1:03 I 5 I
1:07%; s Vis t
1:13 V*! *6 1
":49y s 'y 3 m
I no rec. i .....;..
1:02% 6 i : I
....I
95
101
Kit
90
109
Imp. Marlner-Maranptte
VVildldle-lmp. Teardrop
Spendthrift-imp. Picadilly
iAlta-l'annie D
I Kegent-by Cariboo
■Glen Elm-Nordiea
.Imp. Tfuo Bnton-Cosette
Revel' le-Kadie
Jrup. Trade Wind-Daisy H
| Hath bone-Miss Melbourne
i Versatile s-Cousid Kate
jimp. Wagner- Fubecia
jßegent-Mesadie
jimp. Cheviot-Varona
;Imp. Greenback-Lillie
...,
were not strictly enforced the birds would
be scattered and driven from the reserva
tion."
The Call's plan of campaign in the
event of war witli Great Britain is about
the same as Major-General Merritt, U. S.
A., commanding the Department of Mis
souri, suggests. He is reported as saving:
"My impression is that we would, I should
hope and judge, take the initiative and in
vade Canada at once and make that coun
try the seat of war. The immediate seiz
ure of the Welland canal, to hold or de
stroy, would solve at once the problem of
the. defense on tlic lake ports. There is
nothing to fear from Canada. No inva
sion of our country could be undertaken
there. We could overwhelm the country
with a force outnumbering ten to one any
thing Eneiand couid collect or muster,
and then not leave our seacoast unpro
cided with men to defend every port."
General W. P. Carlin, U. S. A., believes
that "We should without delay seize ail
railroads and canals in Canada, from Hali
fax to Vancouver, and take Vancouver
Island."
The officers of the Engineer Corps, IT.
S. A., who were recently assigned to duty
at San Francisco to relieve Colonel Wil
liam H. H. Benyaurd and William H.
Heuer, assigned to duty elsewhere, have
not yet arrived.
The United States cruiser Baltimore
sailed from Yokohama December 3 for
San Francisco. The cruiser is now due
and daily expected. It is known that the
Baltimore encountered a tremendous gale
early in December between Yokohama
and "Honolulu. She was expected to stop
at the latter port to coal and give the com
mander opportunity to consider Hawaiian
affairs.
AFFAIRS AT THE YARD.
Movements of Naval Vessels and Doings of
Officers at the Upper Bay Station.
VALLE.TO, Cal., Jan. 5. — The cruiser
Boston left the yard on Thursday fully
manned and equipped for her long voyage
across the Pacific, to be gone for the next
three years. She will lie at San Francisco
until orders are issued for her to proceed
first to Honolulu to replenish her coal
bunkers and leave a few cases of stores for
the Bennington. Her captain, Frank
Wildes, is a man to be depended on in case
of circumstances requiring determination.
The Adamsis nearly ready for sea, her
guns having been placed on board and
stores laid out ready for hoisting on board
S&turaay morning. Slie was hauled from
under the shears to above the berth of the
Monad nock. In passing by the Monadnock,
the tide being strong, the ship veered in along
side of the monitor and one of the after
boats, suspended from the 'laves of tliu Adams,
caught the lino of iron stanchions and bent
ana broke some twenty of them like reeds.
The Monadnock during the coming week
will have her after-turret guns hoisted aboard.
They have been partially unhoused, and men
are engaged in getting the guns in readiness to
hoi^t. There is quite an army of men at work
on the monitor, and though the officials State
there is nothing unusual going on, yet to half
an observant eye one can. see that work on her
is being pushed to have her completed just as
soon as possible. There is not an id:e man on
board, and though not rushing, all are intently
engaged in their work of putting in place the
steel pieces in the conning tower, the turret
superstructure of this almost impregnable
fighting-machine, which is intended to guard
the Golden time. There is yet much to do, and
the work is being done exceedingly well, and
will, it is expected.be completed before the
Venezuela question is settled.
The old monitor Comanche has been hauled
in alongside the wharf and in the coining week
the engines will be turned over, brightened up
and oiled. She is now lying up near the cual
wharf, which means that considerable coal
will be put on board. In fact a little more than j
that will probably be necessary to give her a j
day's steam trial. In all respects the old mon
itor is ready forservice. She has a good crew ,
aboard, plenty of c>al and the old 15-inch ;
guns would do a great deal of damage to a ship j
at close range. The little cheesebox-looking
affair, should the monitor be ordered commis- j
sioned and steam down to San Francisco, would
attract considerably more attention among the j
water-frontera than the Philadelphia or Boston,
now lying off the water front.
The Albatross whs hauled out of dock th 3 lat
ter part of ihe week and the dismantled
Ranger will go to the dock for the purpose of
having a survey held on her hull. It is Known
that some of tne iron is pitted and will have to
be replaced, No orders nave been received to
repair her, for the reason that the estimate of
Costa lift- not been furnished. As soon as the
surveys are completed it is expected work will
be commenced on her, as the Raneer is cor:-
Bidered too good to lie in ordinary or be con
signed to Rotten Row.
Thetwaiara has been hauled to the wharf,
wbere the engines and boilers will be removed
and the hulk iold. The I'ensaeola will soon be
so disposed r,f.
Stores condemned for sale are laid out in
various parts of the yard and in buildings, and
will be ready for inspection in another week.
The ships arc not included in the sale.
A new bandstand is being erectdVl in the
park. It has been needed for some time. The
band is now called upon to be present at the
hoisting mid lowering of the colors, morning
and evening.
The domino party on New Year's eve proved
a successful affair. The attendance was large
and the event a thoroughly enjoyable one.
Friday evening the members of the Presby
terian Church of Vallejo visited the quarters
of Civil Engineer and Mrs. F. O. Maxson and
were warmly welcomed and entertained by the
geniai host ana hostess.
Greafr quantities of mail matter have left the
yard for Washington during the past week.
It required the efforts of two mail-carriers to
convey the mail going from the office building
and carry it over to this side of the river to the
l'ostoflice. Hundreds of documents are signed
daily by the commandant, whose signature is
required on all official papers before they are
transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy and
various department chiefs. In addition to the
mail service the telegraph lines are freely used
for important matters requiring prompt atten
tion.
The Monterey lies out at the buoy awaiting
orders to go to the City, whence she will be dis
patched at an early date to another statiou.
The squadron here is in about the same posi
tion as that of Admiral Bunce's fleet now lying
in Hampton Roads awaiting sailing orders.
Admiral Beardslee has the Philadelphia, Bos
ton, Monterey and Adams at his command,
which of itself would make a good show either
on dress parade or in line of battle, and each
of the ships is commanded by men without a
tarnish on their records.
Socialists Gather.
Socialists packed Pythian Hall, 909 Market
street, last night. They gathered to hear what
Professor John Monteith had to say of "The
Signs of the Times." The speaker received the
close attention of his audience and often
evoked rounds of applause. The lecture was
given under the auspices of the American sec
tion of the Socialist Labor party. Arthur H.
Sanborn will speak at the same place next Sun
day evening on "The Evolution of Society."
"WEATHER BUKEAU EEPOKT.
United States Depabtmkst of Aqricuit
TrBE, Wkatheb Bureau, San Fkancisco, Jan
uary 6, 189t>, 6 P. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
ns compared with those of the same date lust year:
Kureka 15.82, last season 2135; Red Bluff 6.66,
last season 15.22: San Francisco 4.10, last season
14.63: Fresno 1.11, last season 6.78: San Luis
Obispo 4.00, last season 13.84: Los Angeles 1.71,
last season 8.61: San IJiepo 1.57. last season 3.13;
Yumu .Si.', last season 2.21.
Tne following maximum temperatures are re
ported from California stations to-dny: Eureka
f>6, Red Uluft's2, San Francisco 54. Fresno 58, In
dependence 5-1. Sun Luis Obispo 68, Los Angeles 78,
Sun Diego (>'_'. Yimia 7'J.
Mm Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 4'A. mean 48.
The area of hiyh pressure which prevailed last
ni^lit over .Southern Jdalio, Utah and Northern
Nevada is moving slowly eastward ; but has dimin
ished considerably in energy. An area of low
pressure central last night over Vancouver island
has moved Inland rapidly, and the lowest pressure
this evening is reported at Havre. Cloudy weather
ami rain prevail generally over the Pacific States
north of the fortieth parallel. The cloudiness is
Increasing also south of this parallel. The tem
peratnre l:as risen rapidly over Montana, lilaho
and Eastern Washington. Seattle has the same
temperature as San Francisco. The pressure still
continues low over the Gulf of California. Condi
tions point to unsettled weather in California dur
ing the next forty-eight hours.
forecast made at sun Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight Januarys, 1896:
Northern California— Continued cloudy and un
settled weather with rain m the northern portion;
stationary temperature; light northerly changing
to southeasterly winds.
Southern California— lncreasing cloudiness; sta
tionary temperature; variable winds.
Nevada— Cloudy and threatenins weather, with
lii;l)t showers ia the extreme northern portion 1 ;
warmer.
Utah— Fair, followed Monday night by increas
ing cloudiness and showers; warmer.
Arizona— Fair: tationarv temperature.
San Francisco and vicinity — Continued cloudy
and unsettled weather and probably showers; Sta
tionary temperature: northerly winds, shifting to
southeasterly.
A. McAdie. Local Forecast Official.
tfHE CALL CALEXDAB.
Jantary, 1896.
So, I il. |
5 6
12 13
19 ! 20 i
26 27 !
7
14
Tu.
j W.jTh. Fr.
12 3
8 ! 9 10
15 16 17
22 23 J24 i
i 29 30 i3l i
** j Mood's Phases.
€I*ast Quarter.
v i»' January 7.
11 — — "
|ffe New Moon.
*e/January 14.
j 18 I
I /^T\First Quarter
~"p««4/ January 22.
I 25 ; —
fS\ Full Moon.
~ VS> January 30.
-
,!
I i
28
OOKAN SIKAJItKS.
Dates of De
ure 1 rora San Francisco.
BTKAMHK. ] I IK-, ri S A rinS
SAIL-i.
j PIER.
Santa Koaa.. "Sun Uie?o Jan 6.11 am Pier 11
Homer t/oos Hay Jan 6. SIM5 I'M Oceanic
Pomona HumboUlt Bay Jan 6. -ira Pier 9
1-nrMion. ... \ aoutna Bay. Jan 6, 51' M I'ierJ
Fuint iioma. Brayg Harbor. l. lan 7.12 v Pler2
De\ ;>one .. !(irays Haroor. Jau B.IU .« Klfth St
v. I'ani Newoort J;in 8, 9au l'ier 11
Colon Panama Jan 5.12 w I 1 M ss
A Bianctiani Portland... Lan 9.12 v nerl3
Afrldl I'ninait Japan Jan 9, 3pm I' Mss
Alumoda — Sydney Jan 9, I'i-it Oceanic
Columbia... Portland Jan !>.loam Pier 24
Corona San Dieeo Jan 10.11 am Pier 11
Will la Walla Vie * Ppt Snd Jan 10. oam Pier 9
AraEO i'oos jtsv lanll.lOAM PterlS
Kurelca New Dor. Jan 12, 9am Piorli
Si rlp or >al Pornati'l lan 14.10 am Pier 24
STEAMERS TO AKKIVK.
Steamer |
Truckee iTillamook Jan 6
Columbia. Portland Jan 6
Alice Blancnanl e'ortlana Jan 6
&ti J aui Newport. Jan 6
Walla Walia — Victoria <fc Tuget Sound ..Jan 6
Mexico San Diego Jnn 8
Citvof Sydney. ' I'anama Tan 8
Crescent City... 1 i 'rescenc City !...Tan 9
Kureka. Newport ..Jan 10
l'eru 'China and Japan Jan 10
Araeo jCoos Bay Jan ]0
Lmatilla Victoria <$. i'ueet Sound ..Jan 11
State of Cal I Portland I ..Jun 11
Santa Kosa. San Dleso ! ...Tan 12
City of Panama I'cnamc ..Jan 12
AuHtralia. ilonolulu ! ..Jan 18
WillaniHtte Vai. Mc^ii-n Jan 13
SUX AND tide TABU.
VA TKK. WW WAIK&
6.
Mmill. I.arge.jLarge.Small.jßii
4.19pj 4.24a;10.10p 10.24 a 7.
>>mall I.arec.l
■ r >.4'-'r 5.04 a 1 ). (MH- 1 1 .-J4a 7,
o.ooa
7.1
I 0 T-'a
Sllll'FlMi LMIiL^H.t.NtK.
Arrived. '
SUNDAY, January 5.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 72 hours from Port
land a d way ports; pass and mdsa, to O U <fc N Co.
Stmr Noyo, Levluson. 14 hours t'rotn Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse, to .1 S Klmhall.
Stmr i'omona, Doran, 17y 2 hours fm Eureka;
pass and indse. to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Dußsran. 8 hours from Santa
Cruz; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fe Co.
Stmr Del Norte, Siockneth, 70 hours from Grays
Harbor: 320 M ft liimher. to E X Wood Lumber
Co: 16 M ft lumber, to Western B Mftt Co.
Stmr Point Loma, Couway, tiß hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse. to Grays Harbor Com
mercial Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 64 hours from Yaqulna
Bay; pass and mdse, to C J Hendry, Sons & Co.
Schr W a Phelps. Farrell, 30 hours from Bowens
Landing; lumber, to F Heywood.
Sallel.
SUNDAY. January 0.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Willamette, Cushman, Nanaimo.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
StmrCleone, Miller.
Stiur Mackinaw. Littlefleld, Comox. !
Ger bark J c Glade. Stege, Queenstown.
Hktn Gleaner, Merriman.
Chetco, Ostlin, Needle Rock.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Arf, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ottillie Fjord, Segethorst, Grays Harbor.
" Schr \V F Jewett, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel.
•♦ ' Telegraphic. ' f^tK
POINT LOBOS-January 6-10 ' r v— Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
JJomeatlc Ports.
PORT H 4RFOBD— Sailed Jan s— Schr Vega, for
Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— sailed Jan s— Stmr Lakrae, for San
Pedro.
MENDOCINO-ArrlvedJan 5-Stinr Point Ar
ena, hence Jan 4.
ALBlON— Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Albion, for San
Francisco. • •.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan s— Bktn Monitor, from
San Pedro: schr Ida McKav, hence Dec 27; schr
Bertha Dolbeer, from San Diego.
■ Sailed Jan 6— simr Pasadena, for San Pedro:
stmrs Excelsior and Scotia, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 6— Schr Daisy Itowe,
hence Dec '2H: schi* Corinthian, hence Dec 29.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 6— Schr Annie Larsen,
for Tacoma. •
PORT GAMBLE— sailed Jan Schrs Ethel
Zane and Baugor, for San Pedro.
Movement*! <>C Irani- V-.lantlo Ste»>aar*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan s— Stmr Etruria, frm
Liverpool and Queenstown.
HAVRE— Arrived out Jan Stmr La Bour
gOKiie.
MOV ILLE— SaiIed Jan s— Stmr Furneasia, for
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 6— Stmr Aurania,
for New York. ,
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 4— Stmr Moravia, from
New York for Hamburg.^ - -a'A
importations.
EUREKA- Per Pomona— l cs shoes. 2 oa eggs,
6 kegs 39 bxs butter, 111 bxs apples. 2 bbls mineral
water. 6- M ft lumber, • i'Ji .. M shingles. 1 bait- 4
bills bides, 1 cs clothing. 1 pkg furs, Vi bdls pelts, '2
pkKS furniture. 9 pkgs express, 1 sk coin.
Fields I-nndms— l cs eggs, 178 bxs apples, 3 hf
bbls tallow. 48 bdls hides, 4 bdls pelts, 1 sic tails.
32 sks potatoes.
VAQUIXA BAY— Per Farallon— 2646 sks oats,
1418 sks wUcat, 456 ska potatoes, 215 tons sloue,
243b qr-sks flour. 6 cs boots and shoes, 1 cs cheese,
1 sk uoolpiis. 12 bdls trees, 3 bbls beer, 1 b.x bed
oing, l oil tank, -i coops chickens, 2 bdls hides. 18
bxs stereotype. 6- cs egus. 1? rWls leather. 4 pkes
<lry goods. -' bills cl ler. 1 bbl bakinz powder. 1 bx
enrrams. 1 bbl copper. 3 sksrnlil/.-r. S cdß wool, 26
sks oysters, -j bdls iron.l i)ks; robber clothing. 1 bx
soap. 5 oil tanks.
WATSON VILLK — Per Coos Bay— sß4 sks oiUs.
Moro Co.io-650 .sks barley. 1208 sks potatoes.
SoQtiel— 4 boxed dernljohns
Santa Cruz-130 rolls lent her. 39 sks scrap Iron,
60 ska rass. 1 bx batter, 2 bxs hsb. 800 bbis lime.
FOR! BRAGG— Per Xovo—l cs household goods,
2 cs dry goods, 1 bx salmon, 1 bx seed, 5 bxs fish,
•JbO M ft lumber.
COSMOPOI4S— Per Point I.oma-1 cs acid, 250
M lumber, 1 cs saws, 1350 cs salmon, 5 pkgs
household i;ood.s. 13 i»lLs bid«s, 1 bicycle.
Aberdeen— empty iveu-s. l pkedry -oods. 
iloqulam-3 cs photo goods, 95 bdls shakes, 1 en.
bicycle frames, 1 Knife.
South Bend— l cs tob.iceo, 52 empties.
POKiLA.ND— Per south C0a5t— 35,571 ft lum
ber, 1313 sks barley, 808 sks wheat, 25 bxs apples, i
80 ska potatoes.
Consignees.
Per Pomona— X Whitney & Co: Dalton Bros:
Dairymen's Union; Dodce. Sweeney <t Co: Bryan I
&Co; Eveleth & Xash ; Humboldt Mm Water Co: !
J X ilanify: Sawyer Tanning Co; Standard Oil Co; j
W B Sumner <fc Co; Wells, Fargo <S Co; C B Kode;
American nion Fish Co: a Paladlnl; Milani & Co; i
Brigham, Hoppe & Co: GetZ Bros & Co: Krieme <k
Terry: Haieht: Hills Bros; MKalishitCo;
Marshall, Teggart & Co; Norton, Teller & Co: F M
Peter; O B Smith & Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co; J I
J J.oeie; Ross & Hewlett; Wltgel <fc Baker; Singer
MfcCo; w f Mitchell: .1 Burnett; SMcCarran; B
Catto: soott <fc Van Arsdale; \V .1 Anderson; \V
Fray; Pac Coast Fish Co; P Iverson; Arctic Oil
Works: J G H Mevers; R Floloa; Win Willis.
Per Coos Bay— H Dutard; M P betels; Arctic Oil
Works: Wolf <fe Son; Kedington cfc Co; Haasßros; '
CnasUarley Co; Wheaton, Hreon <fc Co: Kron I
Tanning Co; II Cowell <fe Co; C E Whitney <fe Co:
Dairymen's Union ; Dodge, Sweeney <fc Co; J Ji
Kessing;
Per Novo-MUanl A Co; J 8 Kimball; Slesslnger !
& Co; Heyman & Mayer; Union Lumber Co; \V H !
Kralt.
Per Point Loma— Norton. Teller A Co; California
Saw Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co: W P Fuller & Co;
Grays Harbor Commercial Co: Order; Wm Miller;
Babs Bros «S Co: H C Converse: Keleson, Haw
kins & Co; National Brewery: Western B «fc M Co;
KB Anderson; X Emerson; M P Kohlberg; S F
Chemical Co.
Per 1-arallon— Moore, Ferguson <fe Co; H Dutard;
C J Lelst <fc Co; Geo Morrow & Co; J P Thomas: C
F Simpson; Tillmaun <t Bendel; Amer E>ressAssn;
WBSumner&Co: Bruwa* Ailanis; H H Ixiij
bins: ChasHarley % Co; Hoffman <fc Alexander;
Wolf & Son; Cahn, Nli-kP!sburjj it Co: J N Krund
berc: C .lacobsen <t Co; Eggera A Gould t L Fricke,
&Vo; M W Weiiher; J D McGUvray: \V \V Bell:
G I) Ridinger & Co; W F Crosby.
Per South Coast— Clatsop Mill Co; JP Thomas;
Chambers, Price <fe Co; Moore. Ferguson <fc Co-
Marshall, Teggart <fe Co; Wolf it Son.
for Late Shipping Intelligence See Eleventh Pane.
occait steamships:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COJIPAIO
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C and
PUGET SOUND.
SF'ixrist Class &0.00
Beooud Class...-dS.OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street.
QOOBALL, PERKINS It CO..
General Agentf.
O. R.._cS 3 IST.
ASTORIA ANDPORfLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 3lout-
gouiery Htreet.
Columbia sails January 9
blale of California sails January 14
GOODALL, PKRKINK <fc CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONN 08, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP (MPAH
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM VJ-JI-
O Rrcahvny wharf, Kau l'ranclaco, as .aLaZ&IC
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlne, "Wrangel, Juneau. Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at. 9 a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
teb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver .(B. C>, Port Town-
-1 send, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
■ What com (BelliiiKhani Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
i Jan. 5, 10, 16, 20, 25, 30, and every fifth i
: day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. c. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. X.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ky., at Port Townsend witb
Alaska steamers.
t or Kureka, Arcataaad Fields Landing (Kara-
boldi Bay) Btr. Pomona, 2 p. M., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, 80, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crnz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. ban Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies> ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jan.
4. 8. l'J. 16, 20, 21, 28, and every iourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port HarforJ !
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Dfirbara, Port Loi ,
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. * Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18. 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enspuada, San Jos« del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altaca and Guayn,as (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. it.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS « CO., Gen". Acent*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEASIC STEAMSHIP COIPAIT.
C'oolgardie coiii fields
TO 2&fc (Freemantle). .'. ns;
*^ b Hnn,wV,,, »a: ■■f-'-'O rirst class,
Mjr<y '^l>lr>l I |jU» $110 steerage. Lo'.ve3t ;
InW Jjjg!gJs2*«sfcl7 y rates to Capetown,
l>t f lil^tf' \^*k Australian stpamer,
Us I aft Honolulu and Auck-
)|K I PpXtfirri land, Thursday, Jan.
Nt $S~i^£PlS£j?~"/£-rar Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Tucs-
•Jß^!g3^lL->^i<Pr day, January 21, at 10
Rpkcial Paktiks.— Reduced special rates for
parties Fen. i> and 1  lU.id.
Ticket office. 114 Montßomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BKOS., General Agents.
UE TRA SATMSTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42 NOBTH >**».
\J River, foot of Morton t. Travelers by
this line avoid both iianslt by Enjrlisn. railway and
the discomfort of crossms; the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class S?160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe „.
January 11
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
January 18
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Poiroi
January 25, "...
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
February 1
J(3r* For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Ag"nt.
No- 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWALL AgfL.
fortnightly for the West Indie* and <*3££3 i
(Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection «'ith ths
Faciric Mail s.. s. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thirl
aUaa, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT & CO., Agents,
■ ; 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington S»-
At 5 P. M, Dally, Kx«.ept Suuday. "**
$&- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
STJKAMKK :
T. C. Walker. ,T. D. Peters
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cw. Nay. and Impt. Co
YALLEJO \W MARE ISLAND.
STK. BIONTICELLO.
Daily, except Sunday— 10 a. v., U »
Su.nday— 8 r. v.
I»»n dinar. Miaaion 1. Fin a.
JRAILROAD TRAVEL.
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Forry).
rrom San Francisco, beginning October 27 1895
WEEKDAYS. '
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9-16. il-M
A.M.; 1:45, 6:15. 6:30 p.m. ' **
6*nQuentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m. : 1:45, 5:16 r H.
Extra trips for .-.an i:a:nei on Mondays, \Vedne»
aays aud Saturdays ar 11:30 >•. M . ,
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, s»ti Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. M.: 1:30,3:00,4:30. '6:11
P. M. *lK>es not run to San Uueinln.
THKOUIIH TRAINS.
7:30 a.m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. M. Saturdays— Toin»les and way stalions,
9:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way ilaUoait
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD s. spear & co.,
Auctioneers, 3 and 83 Sutter Street.
TELEPUOXE, MAIN, 5181.
Furniture and Carpets of the Grand
Soutiiern Hotel at Auction.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY,
January 6 and 7, ■
At 10 A. m. each day, we will sell, on the premises,
COR. AISSKMf AID SEVESTH STS.,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE
AND CARPETS
Of above Hotel, contained In 100 rooms.
The goods comprise Two Square Pianofortes,
Fine Solid Oak Chamber Suits, Best Spring and
Curled Hair Mattresses, Fine Feather Pillows and
Bolsters, Mission Blankets, Mantel Mirrors, Brus-
sels Carpets, Wardrobes, 200 Oak Chairs, Fire-
proof Safe, Fine Upholstered lurlor Furniture, etc
Note.— Be «nr-» and attend the sale, as the goods
are very desirable.
EDWAKD S. hPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
TO-DAY
WE WILL SELL AT AUCTION
TURKISH RUGS
AND CARPETS,
At salesroom, 16 Post St., at 2 p. m.
WILL E. FISHKB «fc CO.,
:.^ ; '^- Auctioneers.
'
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
MUTHIRS I'AiIFIC t'OMPAUT.
(PACIFIC srsra.)
TrnlM Iritre .-tnil mi- «lu«t «<► wrrlire at
SAN rBAHCIWO.
leave — Fcow Novnnna 20. 1805. — arriv
6^3Oa Haywards, N lies Way Stations. . 1O:I5a
7:UOa Atlantic Impress, Ugdeu and Kast.. 8:13*
7:0Oa Benlda, VacaTJUe. Rumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Hodding via Davis. . . . 7:lar
7:30 a Martinez, Ban Ramon, Xapa, Calla-
toga and Ko£-* 6:l»r
8:»Oa. Nil.-,, Ban Jose, StoeUtoii. lone.
Saaramento. MarysrUle. Bed IUnS
and Siiudays execpted Oi t.'i11e. ... *•• J JP
•8:30 a Peters and Miltoi ;•• *' : J« r
9:OOa San Leandro, ll=yv7ard3& Way St na 11:45 a
y:«x»A Los Anseles Express, Kaymond,
(for Yoscmite), Santa liarbara
ond Los Anselot 4:4!>p
9:OOA-Martincz and Stockton 10:4.> a
1»:«Oa San LeaDdro, lijywtrilsond Nilfa . l:Iop
12:OOn Sau Leandro, Ilaywarda Way Sfns 2:4 C»
I:UMp Niles, San Joss and Livcrmore 8:45 a
•IsOOp Sacramento Ki*erBteam< r.; «8:OOp
ft:3op Port Coeta and Way Stations -t7:!sp
S:COp Ban Leanciro, Ilaywards & >v St'ns 5:-25p
4:OOp San LeaDdro. Haywards i. WaySt'ns 6:45»
4:O«i- Martinez, Han Ilamoii. Vallcjo.
Napa, Calistoga, El V'erano aud
Santa Rosa •ila*
4:%*r Benlcii, Esparto, Woodland,
■ Kuiglits Landing, Maryßville,
Ororille and Boctameiito I«t4sji
4:B*p Nile 3, San Jose, Livennore and
Stnckton i 7:15»
S:o6p San Leandro, Haywards Way Sfi.s 8:45»
3:30r New Orleans Express.l'rcsno.Bakers-
Oeld, Santa Barbara, i.os Angeles,
Deming, El Paao, New Oilcans and
Bast I«i43a
3:3«p Hauta Fo Koute. Atlautic Express
UoJaTO and East.. 10:45 a.
6:OHp l'.iuoiifnii Mail, Ogtlcu and Bat* O:13a
G:(»(»i> ll:nv.;ii'K Nilesaud Kan.loac 7:43*
I t7*OOp Valiejo t?:4aF
7:« Op Oregon ICsprMß^Bacramento, Marjs-
villu, itedding, Portland. Puget
Sound and JOast »O:4
7:OOp San Leandro, naywards& Way Sfns 1O:.%Of
U:OOp SanLdandro.llnjwardsiWay St n» ttia:»OA
«lie:»sp "Si::-..; t liaalted," Frccno, Loa
Angplrs. YA l'.iso, New Orleans
and Eaet §laT:45»
ftll:15. T 3an Leandro. H lynanl-j&WaySt'ns 7:lSa
SANTA CUVZ DIVISION (Xnrroir Gang**).
8:15 a Newark, Cen l use.Felton,
i; uldi rGreok,SantaCrazandWaj
Statious si3»i
•8:15p Newark, Centerville, tian Jose, New
Almadfii. Felton, Boulder Crtek,
Banta Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations '11:20 a
4:15f Newark. .San Ji m and Los (Jatos.... 9:50*
■f11:45p Hunters' E»ci:rsion Ban Jose and
Wr.y .Stations «7;20p
<(>\ST DIVISION Ilili .C iimiml Slk.)
6:45 a San Joso nml \V:ty Hl: t,i,;i.» (New
Almaden Wednesdays only), 1:48*
■:15a Sun .lo.su, Tres rjnoo, .S.mta Cruz.
I'acilic Orove. Paso Roblcr, Wav
Lvii Obispo, OnadalupeandPrin-
eipal Way Statious 7:05p
1O:4Oa-S;iii Jose and \V»y .Stations 5:OU?
11:43 a PaloAitoancl Way Stations. 3:30 i
*2:3«p.San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Balinas,Honterey ami Pacilic
Urovo *IO:4Oa
*3s3Op San Jose and Principal WayStationg 9:47 a
: *4:3OpHan Jose and Way Stations *S:o6a
5:30p Ban Jose and Way EtUtions *»:48a
«::i<>p San Jose and Way stations <J::(sa
1: 15 I' San Jose an.l Way Stations t7:48»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRiKCISCO — Foot of ilirlcet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 •2:09 13:00
•1:03 1S:OO *6:QOf.M.
rrom 01KUHD— Foot or BroidsFtj.— *6:00 8.-00
10:00 a.m. tI2:CO •1:00 {2:00 *3:CO t*:00
'5:00 p.m. :..->. ■
" ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Kundaya ezcepted t Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only.
tr Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
HTue*days and Saturdays 6 Sundays and Thursday*,
SMFRMCISCO& NORTH FA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a. v ■ 12-SIL
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thuradays-Kkira trl.
and 1 \i 3 P -p M - M . SatUrd y8 - EXtra UIPB at I*.
BUNDAYS^-8:00,'9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30^
San Rafael to San Franclnro.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, 7:55, 9:30, 11 10 a ml.
St^K°M. 9:40 ' 11:l6 *• ** *** 3:40.
Between Han Francisco and Schnet7.en Park sama
schedule as above. wu "
San Frisco. o eff^' Ban FrlSsco. "
Da"s X | * S a U fraj. | W^T
UA\S. IJAYS^ DAYS. | DaYS.
7:40 am 8:00 am| Novato, 110:40 AMI 8:50 AM
3:30 pm 9:30 am 1 IVtnluma, j 6:05 i-m lo'so tx
» :10 pm 1 5 :00 pm. Santa RosL | 7:30 pm | "l 5pS
_ Mn Fulton, ~ '
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsburi;,
Uryserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am cioverdale.' 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_ ~ I Heta, " ~~
7:40 am! Hopland <fe
|8:00 am Uklab. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am' 10*30 aW
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
8:80 pm • • I J_ 6:15 pic
7:40 am|8:00 am Sonoma 1O:4o"am 8:50 aW
6:10 Ji'Mj s:oo I'M ; and ' B:05 pm; 6:15 PM
j__ I Glen Ellen. |
7:40 am '8:00 am! e^h-.,---, 110:40 am 10:30 am
B:3opm |6 pm Seh astopol. | tf:o ft pm | 0;1& pm
Stages connect ai B«ui Rafael for Bollnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pleta for Highland Sprtngflt
Kelseyvllle, I.akeport.
Stages connect at Tlklah for Vlctiy Srrin^t, Bla«
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Cpper Lake, BoonevUle, Green,
wood, MendoclnoCitv. Fort Bran, Usal, Westport,
Cahto.Wllletts, Calpella, Porno. I'otter Valley, Joh»
Day's. Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scoil»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redno»«
rates.
. On Sundays round-trip t;rl:eu te all point* b*>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Ortit-ps. 650 Markei St., Chronicle bntldlng»
H. a WHITING, R- X- RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
"^^g> Atlantic
Pacific
RAILROAD
T&^P^^l3b rralnB i eav c f rom and arrlTt
viKttS&QVJTtn tttMa et-Stri;et Ferry.
SANia FE EXPRESS
; To Chfcago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves evory day at 3:30 p. Sle C a p^s n fo r>.,n maa
Palace Keepers and Todnst ffleeDer?£i t llllnaß
via Kansas City without chaui* A,^n B * C " ICtt «<»
Denver and St. Louis. 8 Anae * curs ior
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Ve«t!bute Train Daily vlth m-i
under Harvey s mannjrement.' Conne? " s^"'
! leave Ban Francisco n«a. v. and °: 'I l '"" J, aa m*. n *
The best railway from California r/\? -d , ally -
New rails, new ties; no dust- lnu^L«fn» ne Easu
an^goou meals in A«^«»S^WSSSB
Ticket Oflac«-644 Blarkot Street,
I CUroulcle UuUaiua.Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
LOST HALF THEIR GIFTS.
Mail-Carriers Have a Grievance
Against Their Metropoli
tan Brethren.
MAGNETIZED HER SHADOW.
One of the Two Projected Institutes
Must Necessarily Prove
a Failure.
Oakland Office San Francibco Call,)
Broadway, Jan. 5. f
The Oakland letter-carriers are feeling
very hardly toward their t^an Francisco
brethren. This is the first New I'ear's
week when the postmen of Oakland have
not been able to add nearly a month's sal
ary to their income, and they attribute it
directly to the preed and persistency of
two carriers across the bay. Lust year a
oenl San Francisco merchant forgot
nual diuy to his postman and so the
■ left a card. As there was not a s]
se a second caul was sent in marked
"second delivery." Another carrier re
ceived a tip from a merchant at his down
town office and left a card at ilio same
man's private residence. Both these gen
tlemen stnt a protest to Washington and
the result wa- that cards, bouvenirs and all
other methods of calling for "boxes" were
peremptorily iorbiduen.
"As a result of the order," said To-tmas.
ter \Vhite to-day, "tl i ■ only
i ibout one-half of what they usu
ollect. This cua iving pres
ents at ( tiristmas 01 • when the
service was a very different institu
tion from wnat it ia :.■ »'. Then the car
riers had to deliver all their letters, no
matter how ma:. . I -■ them, and
at holiday time- 1 waa so bard that
they really deserved more than they got.
But things hav< onderfuily since
then. What i mnot deliver in
eight hour- - ■ r until next day and
no one is overworked. While I am not
opposed to ving the carriers ail
they want to, it should he a purely volun
tary pift. in solicit in certainly to belittle
: tblic service, and, viewed from this
point, the i rs of the department
are cci ..meiidable. Our postmen
a year for eight hours' work a
i y^i their jobs for life, so
they behave themselves.
en Oakland is declared to be a rirst
. as it will be in a lew years, the
ra Will receive JltKjO a year. These
- are very different from what
when the gift custom was inau
id there are some carriers who
tually refuse tips if they were
msidering that the acceutun.ee of
- an act of humiliation."
Science cane to the relief of a young
lady bo was much annoyed Dy a persist
ent, but obnoxious, lover recently. One
of the employes at the electric-light works,
who works till the last circuit is cut off
and lie city placed in darkness, was vis
ited by his newly wedded wife every night,
so that the couple would enjoy each other's
company and walk horue together after
the an had stopped running. For sev
eral nights the lady was followed by a man
who took the liberty of taking off his hat
to her and attempting- to smile agreeably.
'1 ho circumstance was duJy reported lo
the eight electrician, but as the sidewalks
are üblic property and the man's actions
were perfectly gentleman-like, nothing was
done. After a while the ardent follower
went at, far as the power-house and took
the liberty of looking in througu the win
dows.
in a neat little plot was decided upon.
<>::(.' night the electrician made it his busi
..t the door when his wife came.
She went in, and a few steps behind her
her shadow. The very agreeable
rician spoke cheerfully, and after a
few sentences the ardent follower was in
vited in to see the machinery. The offer
ed, and alter a very pleasant
few minutes tiie visitor was standing on a
. I: was an innocent-look
in i: thine, just what is expected to be seen
in machine-shops, ana to walk over it was
the most natural thing in the world.
■ ■11 the piate the engineer carelessly
of a handle that hun^ loosely
from the end of a wire.
"There, feel that," said he, handing it
to the visitor. It was grasped as
;>..- offered, and instantly there was
a ye.i from the visitor. The otNer end of the
wire was connected witn the iron plate,
□ route it intercepted a few batteries.
\oe-begonc lover completed the cir
cuit.
The victim yelled and roared but was
c to move, and while the frightened
wife cried "enough" the husband laughed
and assured her that the inconvenience to
the visitor would not be permanent.
After extracting al! manner of promises
from him not to follow or annoy his wife
the electrician turned the current off and
the frightened shadow ried and has not
since been seen on Franklin street.
The report that the Merchants' Ex-
change of Oakland will incorporate for
buildins: purposes so as to have a perma
nent exhibit of goods, and another report
that the exposition movement has also be
come a permanent one and has incor
porated for the purpose of building an exhi
bition ball, augur no good for either move
ment. On the surface it locks as though
Oakland would benefit by having two per
manent exhibits and annual showj, but it
nieans, without a shadow ol doubt, thecol
la] Be of one, and possibly both plans.
Both bodies are undoubtedly acting in
. faith, but the exposition buains&abida
fair to be done to death. 15ecau«e one
-ition, and that the very first one and
•juentlv a novelty, wa- a pronounced
success, it does not follow that a show on
an average every few months will be
I ly popular. There is also something
he considered. The exposition was
— because so many elements
d together for its success. The two
new movements areonposed to each other.
President Fish of the Merchants' Exchange
was i.,it one of the executive committee of
cent show, it was decided that it
was to be a manufacturers' and producers'
It, consequently Mr. Fish being a
bant was not cli_ ibie. M. J. Keller,
president of the Board of Trade, is a man
and, ol course, was eligible. Ho
was vice-president of the exposition and a
prominent worker throughout.
[notion lormed the basis fora
■ r that there was ftiction between the
and the Board of Trade in the
ion ol toe exposition, and that the
although it loaned its head
i offered the services of its sec
retary, held oat, as a body. This was not
v true, as throe exchange di
rectors, Theodore dier. H. O. Trowrridee
unu Fred Bee er, were on the exposition
executive committee, but that there was a
luck <>i harmony between the presidents
of the two bodies is proved by the two
■ ;.'•- to accomplish what is practically
line object. Any man with any
knowledge of this city knows that with an
insti' "(1 by the exposition
committee and an Exhibition Hall as pro
poaed by U:< Merchants' Exchange, one
mast fall. Jf ever there were a time when
two public enterprises should unite for t!;e
QOn eood it is in regard to a perma
nent exposition building. B. W. B.
A Minister'! .Joke.
OAKLAND, <al., Jan. 5.— At the minis
tneeting yesterday arrangements were
ma le for the forthcoming banqoet at the
Galind-j Hotel. After a discussion about
the guests it was decided that each minis
ter should be accompanied Dy his wife.
All reference to the Brown scandal had
been carefully avoided throughout the ,
routine proceedings, but at the close Rev. .
John Thompson saw a chance to touch on
the prevailing topic, so he said: "Each j
minister is to bring his wife, but ;
it should be distinctly understood that his \
lady companion is his wife proper." A
few of the faces theological quivered
slightly and the meeting adjourned.
Kpworth Leaguers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. s.— The officers
who were elected at the semi-annual elec
tion of the Epworth League of the Eighth
avenue Metnodiat Episcopal Church of
East Oakland were regularly installed last
evening. The following were elected:
President, James H. Cobbledick Jr.; first
vice-president, Mr. Heals: second vice
president, Miss Agnes Woodcock; third
vice-president, Frank W. Trower; fourth
vice-president, C. A.. Heaton; secretary,
Miss Grace McWorthy; treasurer, William
V. ftfcGeorge; chorister, -Miss May Cobble
dick; pianist, Miss Anna Lindsay.
The annual election of officers of the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Episcopal Sun
day-school, corner of Eighth avenue and
Seventeenth street, was held Monday
evening, December 31, 1895, resulting In
MISS DAISY BELIE SHARPE AND FRANK MATHIKU. WHO WILL APPEAR IN "7-20-8" IOR THE CLUB.
the election of the following: Buperin- j
teodent, C. C Lombard; assistant super
intendent, Mr. lieals; secretary, Howard 1
Lombard; is*istant secretary. Miss Clara I
Walker; treasurer, J. W. Watson : librarian,
C. N. Woods; assistant librarian, C. P.
Cobbledick; pianist. Mrs. L. Graham;
chorister, O. N. Taylor.
A Surprised *'Eloper."
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. s.— Miss Gertrude
Ivigar was a very surprised eirl to-day.
Friday night she had a little spat with her
mother and went to visit a relative in San
Francisco. Yesterday morning she saw
her picture in a San Francisco paper witn
the name of the young man with whom
she had "eloped," ami read a long story of
conquering masculine hearts and finally
discarding the family home and deserting
her mother. Miss Edgar returned yester
day and is hunting for the author* of the
story.
Muhlnor Still in Jail.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Jan. 5. — Although
Louis Muhlner was admitted to bail yes
terday in the sum of $15,000 lie is still in
jail. His folks are confident of being able
to raise the necessary bonds in a few days.
He was very cheerful to-day, as he feels
confident that the Supreme Court will
crant him a new trial on the reduced
charge oi manslaughter.
John Ward, the Sunol hotel-keeper who
riddled a Chinese hut with shot and in
jured a Chinaman, has not yet been able
to get $25,000 bail.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Interesting and Closely Contested
Games Played at the San Fran
cisco and Union.
There were no pames at the Occidental
: handball court yesterday. The guests at
the banquet enjoyed themselves so thor
oughly that they did not part till an e:.rly
hour yesterday morning, and as the tables
had to be removed it was thought better
not to hurry things, but to take a day's re
laxation.
Some of the Occidental players was at
the Union court yesterday and pmateur
champion l\ T. Donnelly and T. P. Bon
net played against R. Lenihan and John
Feeney and defeated them, after a spirited
contest. i"Jd Maloney of the Occidental
and T. Lenihan played against Terry Mc-
Manus and Willie Jacobs, and won b\ r
three games to two.
At the San Francisco court there were
several interesting games. Al Pennoyer
and M. Dillon played a rattling came
against J. Harlow, the coast champion,
and 1\ Kelly, and won the final after an
i exciting struggle by two aces. The four
; old standbys, P. Kvan and J. Rodyersand
I M. McNeil and S. McDonald, played tuo
rubs and Ryan and Rodgers won both.
Following were the games played at the
two courts:
San Franci.«co court— Ryan and J. Rodgers
defeated M. McNeil and '.. McDonald two rubs,
i V. Sullivan and J. Callahan defeated M. O'Neil
ana C. Brennan. 21—11, 19— '21, 21—9. J. Col
lins and M. Maguire defeated ,M. Edwards and
J. \\ lute, 2L— l7. 10—21, 21— F. Mitchell
j and C. Collopy defeated J. Sinnott and il.
Brandon, 21-10, 10-21, 21-13. W. O'Don
nell and J. Hiegins defeated F. Burke and W.
DrUcoll, 21—17, 9-21. 21-12. R. Shea and
| D. O'Brien deleated D. Connolly and J. Bran
nick, 21—12, 19—81,21—6. Al Pennoyer and
M. Dillon defeated J. liarlow, the coast cham-
I pion, and P. Kelly, 21— 12—21, 21—12
19-21,21—19.
Union Court-O. Hendry and Professor Lynch
! defeated C. Johnsou and J. Xorris 21-17, 19
; —21, 21—18. William Kcough and J. Keliy
defeated C. Nelcon aid A. McDiiflie 19—21
; 21-20.21— 18. J. McGwlnn and R. Roach de
feated P. Gaughan and T. i: KHr , 21—18, 21—
P. Farrell and \V. Tonge defeated Paul Kelly
and T. Feeney 19—21, 21 — 19 21 20. J.
} O'Donnell and F. Nelson defeated l«re Koeeis
and W. Kelly 21—18, 19-21, 21—18.
Tom Sharkey and L. 'Wagner de
feated Sam Barber and \V Smith
. 19-21. 21-15, 21-10. Kd ' Maloney
! of the Occidental Court and Tom I.'nihan de
feated Terry McManus and Wallte Jacobs
! 11-21, 21— 19, 18-21. 21-13, 21-15. V
Johnson defeatea W. McManus and J. Dnolev
31—17.19—21, 21-15. T. F. Bonnet of the
Occidental court and Patrick Donnelly, the
amateur champion of the coast, defeated John
Feeney mid Richard Lenihun, 21— 13— 'M
21—10, 3—21, 21—10.
* — » .« .
Jutland was originally Juteland, or the
land of the Jutes, a Gothic tribe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY C, 1896.
RELIANCE CLUB BENEFIT
Society Will Listen to "7-20-8"
at the Macdonough by
Amateurs.
CHARITY COMPANY REVIVED.
The Cast Has Been Completed and the
First Rehearsal Held Last ♦
Week.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, l
908 Broadway, Jan. 5. )
The famous old charity company that
existed in Oakland for many years and
I
succeeded in raising larger sums of money
at benefit performances than any other |
similar organization has been largely re
enforced this year, and will give its ser
vices two nights for the benefit of the j
Reliance Club.
The annual performance by Oakland !
talent has long been regarded as one of |
the leading society events of the season, '
and the success of its next venture is I
already assured. The ] ieee selected for '
presentation at the Macdonough on the
evenings of January (24 and 25 is "7-20-8."
It is a melodrama with a very strong vein
of corned}-.
"7-20-8" is the name of a portrait on ex
hibition in an art gallery. It is a picture
of a handsome girl, and by her side stands
a magnificent hound. Courtenay Corliss
loses his heart to the unknown original <>f
the picture and at once determines to lind
her.
Lord Lawntennis also sees the picture
and immediately desires to be acquainted
with the original. He employs ;: loqua
cious lackey named Signor Palmira Turn
borini to prosecute the search for the
origins), and to spare no expense or pains
to fulfill his lordship's pleasure.
Courtenay limis out that Floss is the
original of "7-20-8," only there i.s one error
in the portrait. In order to feign a dis
guise the artist substitutes blonde hair
instead of dark. Floss hears of the search
for her, and her vanity i> considerably
flattered by the fact that a real lord is seeking
her. Courtenay pursues her in the devoteu
lover style, and is continually rebuffed,
though he blindly perseveres. Fin
Courtenay is about to receive his coup
from the hands of Floss, who is only
waiting to receive the formal proposition of
marriage from Lord Lawntennis, when
fcjignor Tamborini rushes in and hands her
a telegram.
"At last," she cries, but instantly her
hope of a coronet is blasted. The dispatch
reads, "How much will you take for your
hound?" It was not the girl that had at
tracted his attention, but the handsome
dog.
J. C. Wilson Jr. will take the part of
Courtenay Corliss and Alice Rosborougb
will essay the role of Launceiot Burgiss.
Harry Thomas is rehearsing Paul Holly
hocks lines, and Signur Tamborini will be
taken by Frank Mathieuof San Francisco.
C. J. Dickman is cast for Professor Gas
leigh and Harry Quiun will be a letter
carrier.
The ladies who will appear are well
known in Oakland and each is very popu
lar. Miss Maude Morrell will take the
somewhat difficult part ol Floss, who is
"7-20-3"; Mrs. J. Cai Ewing will be Mrs.
Hypatia Burgess, Miss Daisy Belle Bharoe
will impersonate Dora Hollyhock and Miss
Elie.-mere of San Francisco Jessie.
'ihe committee having the affair in
charge are Bert Gaskill, business manager:
John A. Britton, treasurer; Charles Lovell
and Harry Carlton.
At the ristol's Point.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. s.— Sergeant
Hodgkins and Policemun Keefe raided a
West Oakland crap game to-night. They
found ten colored men there. As soon as
the police appeared the men started to run,
but the sergeant drew his pistol and held
them all. He terrified tlicni so that Offi
cer Keefe had no difficulty in chaining the
whole ten together and leading them out
into the street and Keeping them till the
patrol wagon arrived. The paraphernalia
was also captured and taken to the prison.
OLD ST. MARY'S CHURCH.
Father Wyiuan Keviewg the Work of
the l'iiiili-s During Their first
Year in the City.
As a prelude to his sermon at old St.
Mary's Church yesterday the Rev. Father
Wyman made this statement:
"The congregation of Bt. Mary's Church
has. during the past thirteen months, con
tributed sufficient funds to pay for all im
provements which have been made in this
historic church.
"Among these improvements may be
especially mentioned a new sidewalk, ex
tending entirely around the church prop
erty; also the interior painting and fresco
ing of the church, the introduction of
lixtures for electric lighting of an improved
pattern, several new pews, statues and
other details of various kinds. Beside
the work in and around the church a
number of notable improvements have
been made in the house of the fathers,
including the painting of the exterior of
the residence. In carrying out these
plans we have gone as far as we could
without incurring debt.
"St. Mary's parish is entirely free from
debt. If the receipts from ordinary sources
of revenue, together with the special offer
ings at Christmas and Easter, continue in
'. be future in the same ratio it will be pos
sible to make further improvements during
the com ins year."
Father Wyn;an then announced, tothe
great delight of the congergation, that two
generous benefactors of this City had
already contributed for the purchase of
two beautiful stained glass windows for
the sanctuary. A hope was expressed that
this church will vet have over the high
altar in (dace of the altar-piece there sus
pended a memorial window in memory of
the saintly Alemany, first Archbishop of
Han Francisco and founder of the church.
By request of the late donor the painting
which now hangs above the high altar anil
reredos will coon have to be transferred to
the chapeJ <>t the new theological seminary
at Menlo Park.
Father Wyman further expressed the
wish that all the windows in tha church
might become memorial windows, and he
earnestly invited any or all persons who
might desire to donate windows to the
church to call upon him at any time.
Referring to the worte it is hoped to ac
complibh during the coming year, Father
Wyman expressed confidence in the abil
ity of the congregation to pay for it as car
ried out, provided the offerings continue
in the future as they have been in the
past. In conclusion he stated that all the
receiots from this parish and congregation
over and above the amount necessary for
ordinary expenses, would be applied to
permanent improvements upon the church
property.
As an indication of the harmony exist
ing between the fathers and their congre
gation, it may be stated that Immediately
after the close of the mass a memorial win
dow was subscribed for.
Barniiin'i Venezuelan Claim.
P. T. Barnum,.the late showman, owned
some property in Venezuela, which during
one of the revolutions there several years
ago was confiscated and destroyed.
Through the United States Government
Mr. Barnaul made a cl:i:m foi compen
sation ami was awarded $ll<to. The Vene
zuelan Government was not abie to pay a
lump sum, but agreed to pay it in ten an
nual installments, with interest added.
So the executors of the Barn am estate re
ceive from the Republic of Venezuela now
each yearachi-ck for something like $150.
DEATH OF G. H. SWASEY
Explosion of a Can of Bisulphide
of Carbon Burns Him
Frightfully.
F. H. Pawling, an Aged Man, Commits
Suicide by Cutting His Throat
With a Razor.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. s.— George H.
Swasey, a young man who has resided in
Alameda for many year-, died Saturday at
a ranch near Madroue Bp rings in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, lrom injuries received
ten days ago.
He wan engaged in clearing a mountain
farm and ridding the place of gophers and
other ]ies:s. In furtherance ot the latter
work he had procured a five- gallon can of
bisulphide of carbon, prepared especially
to exterminate gopher?. Ten days ago,
while handling the mixture, it exploded,
burning him frightfully on his upper body,
and finally causing lock-jaw, from Which
he died. The j articulurs as to the explo
sion have not been received, bui it is sup
posed that tne can and its contents were
handled near a light or flame. The re
mains were brought to Alameda last night,
and tne funeral will he held from the
residence of E. Scheiffelrn, 101 l Central
avenue.
Deceased was 33 years of age, and a son
of Charles S. Bwasey. He was a nephew
of Mrs. Caroline JO. Dwindle of Aiaintda
and oi Timothy G. Phelps and Mrs. J. li.
Schroeder of Ban Mateo. His wife was a
daughter of Mrs. K. Bcbeiffelm, whose hns
band is the weli-kuown mining expert who
discovered the Tombstone mines, lie
leaves, besides his youne widow, three
children.
Cuts ill- Throat With a Razor.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. G.— F. H. Pawl
ing, 78 years of ajje, committed suicide
yesterday morning at the residence of his
son, H. Pawling, 3:231 Kncinal avenue, ile
had been in iil-heaith for some time, and a
few days ago a physician was called in,
who informed the ailing man's relatives
that he was suffering from softening of ihe
brain. The old man went about amoiij!
the neighbors with tales ol ill-usage, and
it was apparent to all who knew the lam
ily that he was failing mentally. Yester
day morning he arose and busied himself
nbout the house for a time. At half-past B
he went into the house and procured his
son's razor. His purpose to take his lite
was deliberate, with the sharp imple
ment he lirst hacked the right side of
his throat in two or three places. Ho must
have realized that these wounds were not
likely to prove fatal, for he then turned
the blade the other way and gashed the
; throat from the left side, half severing his
; head from the body and making a wound
i from which he died in a few moments.
11. Pawling, the son, is a carpenter who
has a jobbing-shop on Le.'desdorft' street in
San Francisco.
Native Sons' Reception.
ALA M EDA, Cal., Jan. 5. — Halcyon
Parlor has issued invitations to a reception
to be tendered Senator Gesford of .Napa,
grand vice-president oi the Native Sons of
the Golden Wefct, to-morrow evening at
Foresters" Hall. Grand President Dunne
and other prominent members of the order
will be present.
Peru was named from the River Paro.
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
The Work and Cost of the Em
ployment Bureau Maintained
by Odd Fellows.
MANY MILLIONS FOR BENEFITS.
An Energetic Worker for the Chosen
Friends— lndependent Order
of Red Men.
Official Assessment Table.
a 1
II
DO
: >
c
I
o
o
I
O
V 2.
H
35
. o. r. \v
Workmen G. F.. . .
hoseu Friends..*..
:. & l. of h
'.. ol Honor
mer. L. of H
1-2 Jan.
1-2 Jan.
254 Jan.
432 Jan.
455-6-7 i Jan.
361 Jan.
i I
1
1
i
J
1,
Jan. '2>
Jan. '21
Jan. 3:
Jan. '6
Jan. 'A.
Jun. 3
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Grand Master Gosbey will make ollicial visits
this week as follows: Monday, Fountain Lodge,
Oakland; Wednesday, I'leasanion Lodge;
Thursday, Livermore Lodge, and Saturday, Sal
mon Creek Lodge, at Occidental.
Apollo Lodge No. 123 installed its officers
last Friday.
Pacific Lodge No. 155 will install its officers
on Thursday night.
Western Addition Lodge No. 285 will also
install on Thursday night.
Alta Lodge No. 205 will install its officers
to-night.
The report of the Odd Fellows' Employment
Bureau shows that during the year work was
found for 197 applicants, and that the cost to
the lodges maintaining the bureau was
¥337 40.
Mount Whitney Encampment of Tulare cele
brated the past week by electing five candi
dates.
Adin Lodge No. 473 of Adin, Modoc County,
has sent a donation of $25 to the Odd Fellows'
Home.
Tlio quarterly meeting of the Veteran Odd
Fellows will be held on the '27th inst.
San Joaquin Lodge No. 151 of Antioch will
iustall its officers on Thursday nrxt. .2§S?K
University Lodge No. 144 of 'Oakland, since
it has moved into new quarters J at Lorin Hall,
lias been booming and is increasing its mem
bership. The lodge is making arrangements for
the organization of a degree team.
Fountain Lodge of Oakland will Install its officers
this evening.
J. J. Logic, D. D. G. P., assisted by the grard
officers, installed the officers of Oriental Encamp
ment No. 67, last Saturday Bight.
The installation of the officers • f Mount Moriah
Ent-unipment .No. 3b oi Yailejo has been postponed
untii the 24th inst.
On next Saturday eveul.-g there will be held a
union meeting of representatives rrom the various
city lodges lor the purpose of luting steps to ad
vance the Odd Follows' library.
The Cans. mas cheer cominhtee, which r ceu-ly
concluded its labors, was by reason of more liberal
responses than ever he.etoiore enabled to assist a
Krrat nunibet of Odd Fellows in distress, and to
make a more liberal allowance to each than in the
pust.
.District Deputy (Srand Master 11. D. Kichardson
of Kolano County will insiall oilicers as follows:
January tf, San i\ib.o i.o«i).-«; January 8. old en
Bia c Lodge of Yailejo; Jii.iuary 11, Alou ezuinu.
Lodge ol i>ixun; January 13, Holano Lodge of iie
nlela; January 15, iUmira Lodge; January 18,
Birds Landing Lcd:?e; January V 6, Klo Vista
Lodge, and January 28, Suisun Lodge,
Knights of Pythiaa.
It Is stated that, notwithstanding the efforts of
the higher onicers of the Uniform Hank, includ
ing the Supreme Council at is tirsl meeting in
Jtidianapo:is recently, to destroy (not imemion
ully, perhaps, but that is the logical result of their
action) the distinguishing feature of the Hank by
altering the name of the primary organizations
lrom "iJlvis.ou" to "Company." thus entailing a
very large expenditure in the change in printing,
division seals, flags, etc., it would appear that the
Supreme Chancellor has set his seal of disiipj royal
and denied the right to make such a change, es-
I ecially us the Jast Supreme Lodge nad expressed
Itself as opposed 10 such alteraii n, by refusing to
approve the use of the designation '"Company"
uu.Mi'i'* of tiie tactics.
\\ hile to the technical martially inclined indi
vidual the term compauv conforms more nearly to
the designation us adopted in the L T nl>ed states
army, and the trend of opinion of the ofllcers of
the t miorni ilank appsars tD be to more nearly
nssSmilute the military iealure of our order to
iluii of the army of our country, for obvious rea
sous, yet to the lay mind, those who form the pri
mury organizations, who equip themselves, ofLeu
at considerable sacrifice, aod who pay the piper,
there appears no cogent reasoning for the proposed
and .i mj';i-d change. it wouid involve neealess
expense, In their opmio.i, and accomplish no ma
terial t,-ood. Kxpt-uiti'.ly aggravating to ttiese.mem
in i .-, who ar<.- certainly as much interested In the
progress of the rank and entitled to t&ei opinion
and its expression as the officers can possibly be, i-j
the attempted change in the title utter thi- supreme
Lodge, from whence emanated the Uniiorm Bank
and by which i; has heretofore been absolute! >■
controlled, had positively set the seal of its disap
proval of the proposed change.
(ioldeu (.ate J.od^e .No. 8, which lar^ly in
crtased ii membership by consolidation with Gar
field Lodge iSo. 72. insiaued Us officers lor the eur
r ni term in public on Thurguuy evening, January
'J, H. x-luuTner, a. K. of iC. and S  Offiela Ing,
assis ed by a. BoSman as grand prelate and B. v.
Chi. son as grand master-at-arms, ihe oHlcers are
W. 11. Hutcbinson, ('. C.: Charlia Evans, V.C;
M. C. Duud, i.; B. C. Puffy. H. Of \V. ; J\ A.
Mecredy, K. of It. and H.; D. J. Leu is, M. of F.;
A. K. Stevens, ii. of X.: A. uppenheim, M. at A.;
\V. 11. Dorman, 1. <)., and Ji. K. lleinrich, O. v.
The installation ceremonks were interspersed with :
musical selections and recitations and followed by I
v collu'.lon and social dance.
a temnle of the .Dramatic Order, Knighis of I
KuorassaJ), will shortly be instituted in sari Fran- j
Cisco. Ins likely that others will soon De formed j
at l.os Angeles. Sacramento, .Fresno. s>an Diego i
and other points. While this oruer has noconmc
liou with the Knightso! I'ythlas, yet its members
are reiTUited unly from the latter, and the pioiui
nent l'ythians throughout the I nion are afliliuung |
In large numbers. - Uhough only recently organ- !
ized, 11 has now some sixty temples. Its purpose is '
to occupy the same relation to the Knights of
Pytblaa that the Mystic hhrluedoes to the JVlusonic :
fraternity. N
Under use provisions of the rules governing the I
Uniform Hank as adopted by the Supreme council |
and approved by the supreme chancellor, the of- I
ficers of divisions nru to be elected at the first '
meeting in January tor a term of one year and to |
be installed within thirty clays af.er February If*.
Grand Chancellor George Samuels will visit '
Sacramento Lodge No. 11 of .Sacramento to-nieht.
lie will be the first grand ci a .ceilor in man/
years to imve paid an ollicutl visii to this lodge, his
predecessors havinir neglected it for the other
lodges of the same city.
Lodge No. 2UI will be instituted at Coullervllle,
Aliiri; osa t ouniy, on Saturday, January 11, 1-. I.
Otis ot Union Lodge .No 160 of .->onoru iiaviiiß Oeen
commissioned as instituting otlicer. Members
from Sonora. Merc d. ilodesto, iladera and other
, DelghborUuj towns will par; ici pate.
Theoilkeriof Bay City LodKe No. 117 will be
install, d by D. (>. C. George 11. Morrison on
Wednesday evening next. Ihe memoers of the
I ntfo.'in Hank will participate in uniform. The
rank of page will also be conferred on several ap
plicants.
Vita Nuova Lodsce No. 187 of Heddlng has been
granted a dispensation to change its night and
place Of meeting o the second and fourili Tues
days iv Mnsonic Hall.
Ivy Lodge >-o. 65 has Issued invitations fora
pub ie installation, social, dance and collation to
morrow evening. _^______
Junior Order of American Mechanics.
Union Council No. 5 of Lcs Angeles has elected
the following named officers: .1. i-. Coulter, C; \V.
,T. Alavo, V. C. ; I). S. Johnson, A. E. S.; Joseph
Jlarkham, conductor; \V. 11. Ilaygs, W.s D. A.
Kiel), I. S.; D. B. Camp, O. H.; representative to
the i-tate C ouncll for two years, W. J. Mayo.
Paul Bevcre Council of Berkeley has elected
officers as follows: J. C. Sherett, C.I A. C. Palt, V.
C; A. S. J. Wcod, K. S.; Charles Kurueff, a. R.
s. ; P. C. Tiinnan, conductor; E. J. Stewart, \\\;
A. P. Wright, 1.H.; B. H. Miaw, O. S.; representa
tive for two years, I*. Salisbury. . ■
Capital Council of .Sacramento has elected: h. C.
Cummings, C. ; A. B. Nixon, V. C; K. Homsten
A. B. B.; A.M. smith, conductor; T. J. Hamlin,
\V.; George A. Bartlett, I. S. ; Frank t-mith, <>. S. ;
representatives, G. K. GHmore and Geqrge 1).
Boyd.
Hancock Council of Los Angeles has electea the
following utllrera: J. L. Starr, councilor; F. 1L
Jones, V. C. ; Koy VVigor, A. 11 S.; M. A. Deck
man, conductor; (>. W. Youkon, C. L. Strange.
1.5. ; C. 11. IJrown, O. s.; representative for two
years, M. 11. Bellinger.
' Depot; State Councilor S. .T. Theisen installed
the officers of lAuco n Council last Thursday. This
oouncil now has 331 members. ■
National Organizer Joseph Powell on the 21st of
last month organized, 'llffln Home Council at
Great i'alis, Mont., with twenty-nine charter mem
bers.
Dr. J. J... Whitman, a leading physician of
that place was chosen junior past councilor; K. B.
Judd, ii prominent merchant, councilor, and R. L.
Allen, rccor.lms secretary. .
The records lor 1895 show tha the record of the
present organizer," "Joseph Powell, is better than
that of his predecessors. Up to the 23d of last
December he had organized ten councils and re
organlzea one. His predecessor organized but live
councils.
California Commandery No. 1, V. A. M., wilt i n
a body visit George A. Custer Council No. v' 2 on
the 1-llh inst. and Abraham Lincoln Council No U
on the lGth.
Daughters of Liberty,
Follow ins 11 the list cf 1 fticers of the council re
cently or 6 anized in Los Angeles. It was the inten
tion to name this council American, but it was
finally decided to name it Columbia: Mrs. Ai.me
D. Cutler, C; lira, a. spencer \.C: Mrs. Sarah
Martin, V. C. Mrs. Edith Jones, A.V.C.; M. 11.
I ellinger, J. Ki. I .; .Mrs. Louise Bellinger. .1. Kx.
A. C; Mrs. Joseph Boms, R, S.S J. F. Bums, A.
R. B.s Mrs. Kelle Mctov, F. 5,.; D. Sampson. I .:
Bessie Spenc«r, guide; Mrs. Klmira .1. Heed, I. <; ;
L. 1,. Weaner, O. (J.j Roy Wiusor, J. S. Starr and
Barafa E. Martin, trvirttees."
CaUforaia council Xo. 1 will give a !ean year
party at Pythian Castle on Wednesday evening.
Grand Army of the Bepnblic.
A new Belief Corps was established at Salinas
last Wednesday evening.
■A new post will be established at Suisun on Sat
urday next.
The several posrs of the department are busy at
this time installing the new officers.
Companions of the Forest, A. 0. F.
Sunshine Circle at its last .iiceiina; in Merced in
itiated six candidates. On that occasion the Circle
was presented a handsome cabinet by the members
of Court Fountain City No. 7850.
Washington Circle No. 1 will give a valentine
party on the evening of the 15th of February.
The social given by ivanhoe Circle was well at
tended and it was a very enjoyable event.
supreme Companion Mrs. Minnie Asher, Sub-
Snprerne Companion Mrs. McLane and Supreme
Herald Mrs. B. Hacked will pay an ofllcial visit to
Pride of the Forest Circle in Oakland to-morrow.
Bohemian Circle will rfve an entertainment In
Social Hull, A. O. 11,I 1 , building, on the 15th iust.
California circle at its last meeting received a
number or applications.
At the reception recently giren by satellite Cir
cle a numbf r of applications were received from
ladies di-siriiijr to become members.
oak Grove <ircle will give n li-up-year party on
the evening of Washington's birthday.
Following are .he installations during the second
week in January:
January 6. Sherwood Circle— Mrs. Corwln, Mre.
Asher, s. c, c. :»irs. Davles. Mrs. Goodwlq; satel
lite Circle— Miss A. V> ash, Mrs. Nevins, Mis. M.
A. Phillips.
January 7. Olynipia Circle— Mrs. Kevins, Mrs.
Übhaus, Mrs. Phillips; Bohemia circle— Mrs.
Boebm, Mr-. Xi'vii.s, Mrs. Dbbaas, Mrs. Phil i s:
l'rideofthe >orcsl— Mr. Peregulne, Mrs. Brady,
Mrs. Sllvershieid; l'iedmont Circle— Mrs. Brady,
Mrs. Bilversbteld.
January 8. California Circle— ¥. T>. Brandon,
Mrs. Mcl.ane, S. Mib C.. Mrs. Boehm; Ivanhoe
Circle— Miss Vira McNorton, Mrs. Asher,
8. C. C, Mrs. Phillips: (ierniania Circle— Mr.
Zachan, Mr*. Asher, H. c. c., Mr«. Boehm;
Artemis Circle— Mrs. Goodwin, Mrs. Corwin, Mrs.
i'»'!(iu>: Knieririse ( in-!e- Mrs. A. M. Phillips,
' Mrs Goodwin. Mrs W. B. K'inibull.
January 9. oak Grove Circle— Mrs. Boehm,
Mrs. I'biiau.s, Mrs. Dimes.
January 10 Minerva Circle— Mrs. George Friede
mann, Mrs B. lieversen. Mr.--. Falconer: German
; American Circle— Mrs. Kinder, Mrs. Boi-hm; Twin
Peaks Circle-Mrs. W. E. Kimball, Mrs. Asher.
S.C.C., Mrs. A. M. Phillips, Mrs. Corwln: Oak
Leaf Circle— P. Zimmerman, Mrs. Davies, Mrs.
Good In.
January 11. Mizpah Circ'f — Mrs. Übhaus, Mrs.
M. fc.. Falconer, Mrs. Goodwin.
The Chosen Friends.
The various councils of the order are bnsy at this
time closing up' affairs of the past year, and during
the latter part of the month the officers will be
busy with installations.
Evans Council No. b'2 will publicly install its
oftieers On the evening of the 'JMd inst. in Alcazar
building. The grand Officers will be present.
Los Angeles Council .No. I{M, organized on the
28d of 1a.,! May, has, since its organization, at each
oi iis weekly meetings initiated two or three can
didates.
Sutler Creek Council No. 91 at us last meeting
received five applications for membership.
Sacramento Council No. 96 of Sacramento is
numerically the largest ,In the United States. On
it ■ roll are the names of 460 members.
P. J. liar ley, I). ("i.C, of is one of
the most active men in the order at this time. He
is an energetic worker, clear and convincing in his
statements of facts when addressing the councils
on the snbjec' Of matters connected with the or.ler.
and by bis dear enunciation of the prineioles ol
the order, as revised ai the recent session of lbs
grand body, has do c more iiian any oilier om
iiiuii, in tin prevention of desertion from ihe ranks
on account of the change, which many at iir^ r
could not comprehend, recently be visited the
conncl s in Davlsvilie, i/ison and Franklin and re.
ports that la those places the members who now
undersiaud the new plan are very well pleased
with il.
Foresters of Amerioa.
Following is the list of oflicial visits for the week
ending January 11 :
Monday evening R. B. Vellage, G. S. C. R., will
visit Court. Apollo In this City; Tuesday evening J.
I-:. Anderson, G. T., will visit Court Richmond in
this City; Wednesday uvening A. Orfila, G. C. R.,
will vis t (our Castle Hock in Santa Barbara, and
J. K. Anderson, G. T., will visit Court Hayes Val
ley in this i it>- ; Th rsday evening J. S. w. Bamn
ders, i ;. s. W.. will visit Court Seal Rock in this
City; Friday evening R. P. Vellage, G. S. C. R.,
will visit Court Pride of Alamen.i in Alameda.
A marked increase i;i finance Is noiiceabi in
nearly all of the annual reports received up todate
by Grand Secretary Hreiner. Ip to this time
Court Washington stands at the head financially.
Court Oc« an View of Wes! Berkeley is ninl Inn
extensive preparations for a jiubli entprtainnien:
on next Tliursday evening, on which occasion us
newly elected officers will b installed. A banquet
will follow the entertainment.
John Heenan, (4. .7. \V., accompanied by C. H.
Br-nn r. grand secretary, officially visited court
Live Oak. South San FranciSCO, last ihurs lay,
when (he \ihiiors made brief addresses ou the
merits if i t.e order. I 'irini: the evening the newly
elected ofßcerswere Installed by : . c. Logan, n.
O. C. 8., assisted by Thomas Sewell, ©. O. C. R.,
the wcrli being performed in a very impressive
manner-
( o ii star of Woodland, of Woodland, gave an
entertainment, social and banquet to i s friends at
its last meeting in Uecen ber. Prior to the open
ing of th* do rs to its friends the ourt exernpHned
the ritualistic work of ihe ord'-r io the piei*-nce of
I J. R. An.ler.-o i. «ho was paving an official visit;
, c. H. Bremer. G. 8.: <;. A. Bali, P. s. l;., and G.
W. M\ -ri> k. P.O. J. B.
'ihe granl secretary has received a supply of
j certificates for pus .]<;, t rangers and members.
i The oniy noticeable vhange is the name of the
I order
l.ore'.ey Circle No. 26 will Install its oflicers on
the evening of the Istliof .he present n onth in
stead of the 16tli, as previously umomced.
Independent Order B'nni B'rith.
Pacific Lodge and California I o<l-e each had Its
i Installation of oflicers lest hursiiay evening. 'Tbe
| evnt by •. aliiornta Lolge was observed with un
| usunl pomp, it be ng the occasion of the third suc
j cessive installation of President J. L. Franklin.
! The officers of each lodge were Installed by the
j grand officers, and af .er the ceremonies were over
1 iirana President Jonas and the president of Call
. fornia Lodge were each presented wiih a very
1 costly bouquet. During the evening a photograph
|of th» sceue was taken by flashlight The lodge
j room was crowded by members of Callfo nia
I Lodge und memhers of other lodges. Addresses
) were made by A.Jonas, G. P ; J. Vlaischfik, (J. T. ;
i J. Levison, Q.S.; S. Hochsta<lter, grand trustee;
i E. I. \Vo:fe, iirst G. V. P.; I.cv. M. S. Levy and A.
• Krouberg and President Franklin. This lodge is
making arrangements for the celebration of its
twenty-fifth auniversary in he near future.
Independent Order of Red Men.
The newly elected i ilicers of Golden Gate Lodge
No. 74 were Installed last Thursday, those of Cali
fornia Lodge No. 70 on Friday.
Pacific Htamm No. 78 and Hermann Lodge No.
224 will install their officers this evening. Germa
niu Lodge No. 78, San Tranciseo Lodge No. 246
and Aietamora Lodge No. 4, P. J., will install olli
cera to-morrow night: Vorwaerts Lodge No. 255,
Schiller Lodge No. 278 and the Kedmen's Schuet
zen section will install olflcers, htic! on Thursday
Tcutonia Lodge No. 2EO will instull ts offloen.
Vorwaerts i olge No. 266 at a recent meeting
NEW TO-DAY.
I THE ? FRUIT GROWING |
I ' INDUSTRY ■ ' i
H IS EXHAUSTIVELY TREATED IN THB 'W
I m~«.~«*«. ■^kouvenirl
Mercury ; — i
M BOOK OF 325 PAGES. 9x12 INCHES, JUST ISBUED. M
{gL mmmmmm f\ Every detail is (tiren, from nursery to market, including W
V crops, pricos and profits, banta Clara County, its cities, towns, orchards, Xj2/
■$j Tineyard9 and prominent people, illustrated from 939 photographs. A work v^h
$h of art, suitable for the oenter-table, and a most appropriate Christmas pre»- OjL
JjjC ent. There is scarce'y a question that could be asked cocoerning Santa jfff(
yJ[ Clara County and its reioaroes that is not fully answered. \il/
.^J 1 It will -be sent, ezpressag* prepaid, to any part of the United \Q
i]\ States at the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; tjf\
vfL bound in leatherette, $1.25 psr copy. %k
MM Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDGE, M
San Jose, California. &S,
•' ' . - -■ ■ --■■■:■■■. ' . -
initiated six enndidat's and received six applica
tlnns for membership.
The meetings Of California Lodee have been
largely attended lately and a nuniher of candidates
have been initia cd.
A new lodge is soon to b.* Instituled in this City
and Dr. F. F. Lord, a prominent member of the
order. is worklne hard to that end. He has already
the names of thirty-five prominent businessmen
who will join as charter nn-rnb rs, and he expex\s
0 soon obtain fifteen additional names.
The annual Christmas festival of the order, held
In Saratoga Hali, was a great success. The. hall
was crowded to its utmost and during the eveninc
over 350 children crowded around the hrlsimas
tree, each to receive a present and nuts and can
dles. Tin: liitlf ones aud the crown people had a
glorious time.
Brand Past Chief Bund intends shortly to light a
new camp-flre, and ha win gather around him a
iDi energetic warriors who will give nssis:
ance to each lodge in the City.
American Legion of Honor.
The various changes made at tbe last session of
the Supreme Counc.i went into effect on the Ist
inst.
There will be but one assessment each month
hereafter, but the assessment has been raised to a
sum equal to three uuder the oid plan.
The relief benefit has been made a separata fea
ture and will ne participated in only by those who
pay the assessments therefor, which are separate
from those for death losses.
Grand Commander Thomas Fllbern, assisted by
Grand Secretary C. o. Burton, installed the officers
of Golden Star Council .No. 64H, last Thursday
''veiling. Kach of the Installing officers gave an
interesting uddress on tue order and the recent
changes.
Cah:ornia Council No. 220 will Install Its officers
next Saturday evening at its ball, Red Men'B
building.
The call for January embraces elijhtv-two deaths,
amounting to $194,000, of which California hu
five deaths, which will require $10,000 to pay.
Tlio receipts during December amounted to $262,
--'JO7 96; dislnir.-i-meirs, $252,000; amomii paid
for relief benefits, $6261. The totul amount p:<t>l
for death losses sinci- organization is $31,744,
--341 21.
Knights of Honor.
The officers of Keystone Lodge were Installed
last week by Deputy .Salomon. (Jrand Die ator
Archibald and other gland ofliei-rs were present.
<m Friday niftuflvy Lodge will install its oHi cere
nt 20 l-.tMy street. An Invitation hus been ex
tended to the members of all the oilier lodges to
bo present.
Thp erand dictator will visit Alameda on the
16th inst.
Tne grand dictator has returned from his visit
to the lodges in the northwestern part of the State
am! reports that the order is alive and working i:i
> lon.
Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald and Grand Guide
Learned visited Santa lln-a Lodge last week.
Nor. nun Lodne and Germanla Lodge will install
its officers to-morrow evening,
.Sun Francisco Lodge will install its officers this
evening.
i iolden State Lodge of Oakland will Install its of
ficers on the night of the 11th inst.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
During the month of December more than 1100
member* have been Initiated in the order of the
Knight* and Ladles of Jliirior.
Bay ."it y Lodge lielii a highly Interesting meeting
lMt Monday night. Several applicants for admis
sion were initiated. The grand officers presfnt
were: Grand Protector F. Kemp V»n Ec, Gr..nd
•-ecretary & B. Carleton and Grand Guide Mrs. D.
G. Kaplan.
The grand officers have been invited to attend a
meeting of i'ulmeito Lodge, Alanieda, next Tburs
day nght, the 9th inst.
Yerba Buena Lodge of San Jose gave its right
over to the la le« on New Year's eve, when the
luiiii s of tue lodge entertained their friends from 8
o'clock to midnight.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
- Despite the unfinished condition of the new hall
of the .Native Sons on Masou street, parlors are
moving In and some of these have already held
meetings there. I'fce first to bold a meeting In the
new hall was Golden Gate I'arlor, which met last
Monday Btgbt, and in i hi* absence of gas resorted
to the illumination that was used In the days of
o d. the days of cold, candles.
i lie Krati.t M lary will have his office in the
ne.v building fitted up suilic ently this week to en
able him to transact business there.
William M. Connolly, G. 0., visited Frecita Par
lor last Friday.
Native Daughters of the Golden We3t.
The first parlor of tbo Native Daughters to meet
in the new hull of the native Sons was Buena VUta
I'arlor, the members of which met last Thursday
Digbl in the hall on the upper floor. They were
more fortunate thin their bro:hers of Golden Gate
l'ar.or. for by Iba. time the gas had been intro
| duced into 'he building and theil quarters were
cheerfully lighted. This parlor will hold its in
sla lal lon on the 14th inst.
a ta I'arlor No. 8, the second to meet In this
building, held its lirst meeting there last Saturday
; ni^ht
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger William *. ashman will pay
i oflicial visits to ourt Marpo«a Ko 8357, January
6; Court Buckhorn No. s_:-tB, t'oulterville, Janu
ary 7; Court Mount Jefferson No. Groveland,
January 8; Court I'rde of Stanislaus Xo. 8210, La
Grange, January 9.
Court Gardeu City No. 7752 of San Jose install -d
its oflierrs last Thursday evening. Hish Ohiel
l!:im.'t-r William Cashman and J. Falcon* r, P. H.,
were present ar.d assisted in the ceremonies. 'Inn
meeting \". as well attended and enthusiastic. \:
the close the members and guests adjour ed io the
banquet hall, where an elegant repast was pro
vi cd. The leport of the 1". 8. shows a marked in
crease in funds and membfrship.
Court Todos s-antcs No. 8031 will holda pubic
'• ins allation on January 9 in Foresters' Hall. Con
cord, Contra Costa County. • irs.M; ttie A. Bridge
will deliver the address of the evening. High
I court officers will be present.
I ourt -tar o? the Mission No. 7197 will install
! in public next Wednesday evening in Social Hail,
102 O'Fs-rrell street. Ti.eoour. is piosi erinn very
Balisfac:orrly unJer i:« j rese.it m.uw.ciiunt. W.
O. Wllcox, M. D., its en>r;t-;:c physician, has been
| re-elected for the ensuing : rm; also the treasurer
i and the financial seen ar>'-
Court VleUanl iso. 8232. in conjunction with
Franklin Circ e No. 115 will give a social on Fri
day evening, January 17, in Social Hall, 102
O'Farrell street. A good time is assured to all who
participate.
Co jrt America No. 7816 will install its officer*
this evening in Maennertmnd Hall. The report of
the secretury shows a large Increase in member
; ship and funds. Every meeting is largely at
j tended.
Improyed Order of Bed Men.
The grand keeper of records, C. F. Bnrgmau, Is
on the trail and will not return until to-morrow.
He has been absent with the great incohonee on
his tour in the north.
Kmd S en of Bald Eagle Trlbo No. 75 was. on
Friday ni-bt, presented a beautiful gold badge em
blematic of the order. In recognition of fast
services, the presentation speech being made by
Fred Brandt, 1». I). Q. s. Following are the officer*
chosen by Bald Eagle Tribe for the ensuing year:
T. K. Magnire. B-: Keiuh rdt smith, s. s. • j.
Brenjord : W. W. Tanner, prophet: John Maguire.
first sunnap: M. J. Jtiieuire, second sa^iiiap; I'r.'l
Andson. gnurd of the wigwam: Arthur Do-.v.1c11,
guard of the forest. Thu I rihe conferred the adop
tion degree on two palefaces.
Grand Mcgnlian Degree.
The Past Masters' Association of the A. O. U. W.
will meet this evening in Alcazar building for tho
puip'seo- conferring the grand moguliiin degree
on a number of cundidates who are willing to be
come initiated Into this new side order.
Degree of Honor Drill.
At the annual session of the Degree of Honor, to
be held In thU C*l:y In April now ladies of tl-e
various lodges will give an exhibition of tht Di
gree of Jionor drill.
In Russia women before they can appear
on a cycle on the streets have to obtain a
permit from the police.10
RELIGIOUS THOOBHT AND PROBRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Land.
Following is a summary of the principal
seirnons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergy
men, priests, prelates, religious teachers
and professors of the Christian faith. In
every instance the full text has been care
fully read and abbreviated.
PATRIOTISM.
A race of martyrs has made our liberties
secure. When peril comes to climax my
countrvme:i shall not fail. Key. C. A. Crane, j
Colorado Springs, Colo.
EPISCOPALIANS AM' CaTHOUCS.
The church of Rome respects and fears the j
Episcopal church more than it does cviiy other j
organization of Christiaus in this country.—
Key. William S. Chaso, scopatlan, Woon
socket, R. I.
SALOONS AM> 61 IVSBY.
The saloon l.ss no more right io exist than
the auction-block of slavery. One has gone,
the other will soon follow it.— Rev. J. m. Tho- j
burn, Methodist, Detroit, Mich.
Honey can buy a magnificent headstone, but
not a holy memory nor an honorable record.
Modest self-reliance, vigorous industry, invinc
ible determination, st mutated by the vigorous
motives 0$ right, are Mire to win. — B.
Dewey, Baptist, I hicago, 111.
OMTY.
There is a great world-religion now forming
in America, iiito which all the sects will grad
ually grow, as they learn to discard their rigid
limitations under tha stress of the spirit of
the age.— Rev. K. M. Wheelock, Unitarian,
Austin, Tex.
NATIONS AT WAR.
The rosy morning has not yet dawned when j
great international questions will t>e finally ;
determined by a board of international arbi
trators. European countries are experiencing
unrest. Their rulers nearly all wear under
garments made of bullet-proof texture. — Rev. i
Dr. Leech, Methodist, Crawfordsville, Ind.
INGKBSOLL'B FOLLOWERS.
There are thousands of young men nnd
young women who not only take no interest in
religion, but are prejudiced against it. Of
these Inger.'oll is the leader. He speaks and
they . cho; he leads and they follow.— M.
J. Gries, Hebrew. Cleveland, Ohio.
LESSONS OF LIFE.
Our lives ore a discipline. By sorrow and
trial we are learning the lessons <>r lite. When
we reach the end of our earthly career we just
; begin to know how to live. We see then what I
: life means.- Rev. Edgar P. Hill, Presbyterian,
Portland, Or.
DANCING.
The churches that are mott aggressive and i
successful are th< most opposed to dancing.
The dance will never influence any one for
goo.l, and the ballroom is no place for the j
Christian, and every Christian should dis- j
: countenance the dance in every form.— Rev. |
James lley, Methodist, Youngstown, Ohio.
FX3TCKE AMERICANS.
The child will y*>tbebornin America in whose '
veins will flow the blood of all nations who are
congregating here, and when that time comes
there will be giants in this land, not only !
of physical prowess but intellectual power.—
Rev. Calem A. Hare, Baptist, Indianapolis, I
Ind.
CAPITAL AND LABOR.
The conflict to-day is between labor and cap
ital, the latter selfish as the devil and the for
mer Eactly as selfish as the latter. These two
mighty forces stand likegiant and hostile glad- ;
iators, thirsting for the life-blood each of the
other.— Rev. David B. Cheney, Racine, Wis.
THK BALLOT.
The ballot is a sacred trust, given into our i
keeping for ourselves, our families, our coun- j
try and our prosperity. Not until Christian
men recognize the fact that the reli'_rioa of
Christ lowers not its standard to any evil; not
until Christian men carry their convictions to j
the ballot-box will intemperance and Its kin
dred evils disappear from our land. Rev. S. B.
Jones, Methodist, St. Paul, Minn.
MIEACLES.
The miracles of the Bible are not unnatural,
that is, contrary to nature. They are super
natural, that is, above nature— above the laws '
oi nature with which we are at present ac- !
quainied. If we knew as much of the laws of
nature as Jesus brist there would be no such
thing as a miracle in its special and technical
significance.— Rev. George X. Dowling, Baptist,
Boston, Mass. ;
JEW AND CHRISTIAN.
There is no reason why the Jew and the !
Christian in these days should not worK to
gether as one in belief, one in sentiment and
one in end. Already liberal Christian and lib
eral Jewish frequently exchange pulpits, and
members of their congregations go now.tohear
one, now the other. Already marriages are
contracted between parties ot "the long-opposed
sects.— Rabbi Krauskopf, Hebrew, Phila
delphia, Pa.
AJIESIC LKISK.
Any political party that lays its hand on the
little red scb.oolb.ouse will be smitten by the
iron rod of public indignation till its hand is
broken in a clozen |>!ec"?s. Any minister, be he
called clergyman or priest, who lifts his voice
against the little red ■< is an apos
tate and a traitor to the Declaration of inde
pendence. c. W. Gullette, Methodist.
Cincinnati, Ohio.
>!"F. BULK.
Mobocracy is never justifiable. It is a set of
wild, passion-flamed, fanatical, unreasoning,
maniacal-like men, who have no regard for
their own iives or the livesand rights of others,
A mob does not want justice, it wants blood.
It is driven on by passion, by revenge. It will
resist oflicers. It will destroy public property.
—Rev. John X 'Lyle, Presbyterian, I.ev.isburg,
Term. - .
TUE SOCIAL EVIL.
The cure for the M*rial evil will not come by
Blumming, by simply visiting the haunts of
the vicious, or the elegant parlors of the en
chantress, or uncovering to the inexperienced
and morbidly curious the machinations ot
iality and bestiality. Bnt heroic and per-
Eisteut Christian and philanthropic work must
be prevention rather than h cure for the tre
mendous evil as it now sweeps p.long in heavy,
soul-aestroying tides.— Rev. I>r. Hirst, Metho
dist, Chicago, 111.
EDUCATION OF WOMAN.
The idea underlying the education of woman
is not to fit for business, but it is rather to de
vclod in her true womanhood. She is the mo
ther to whose care the infancy of the race is
committed, and as sacli she isinasense the
director of the destinias of the race. Itisher
band which, unseen, molds society, givesa
trend to literature and fosters moral'itv.—
J. \V. Knappenoerger, Allcntown, Pa.
HAPPIXESS.
The whole trend of human activity is to the
end that we be happy. But no one can be
truly happy who is not good, and what is good
ness but moral perfection? And thislssalva
tion. Therefore, every man may be said to be
indirectly working out his own salvation, in I
that he is striving for happiness, which is the
harmony of a rightly adjusted or sood life.—
Rev. Charles i;. East, Universalist, Kansas !
City, Mo.
SOCIALISM.
Socialism and Christianity agree in two re
spects—they both desire a reorganization of
society and they both aim at a reorganization
of society which shall give a greater diffusion
of intelligence and wealth throughout the com
munity. Socialism puts the social condition
first and the Individual condition second.
Christianity does the reverse. Socialism con
siders that happiness rests on the condition of
the Individual: Christianity considers that it
rests on the character of the individual.— Rev.
Lyrnan Abbott, Congregationalist, Brooklyn,
JESCS A SOCIALIST.
Jesus was an egoist, not an egotist. He was
both an individualist and a socialist. He had
in mind the idea of a perfect sociology, and
the prevailing teaching of the Gospels outlines
the plens of a perfect social system founded on
equality.— W. J. Colville, Independent, San
Francisco. Cal.
ENGLAND AND TURKEY.
England in the past has supported Turkevin
opposition to all the demands of Russia the
time is coming when the English Government
must bow to the overwhelming sentiment of
the people that Turkey must go. The sick man
of Europe must succumb.— Elder William A
Burch, Second Adventist, Worcester, Mass.
THE BIBLE.
The Bible is written for spiritual and reli
gious purposes, but nowhere contradicts or is
in conflict with the truth and science. It was
written by many men in many ages, yet in set
ting forth the great doctrines of the Christian
religion there is not a scintilla of contradic
tion.—Rev. Dr. Singley. Lutheran, Lincoln
Nebr.
IRELAND.
The Irish have been sometimes illiterate
ignorant never. The misfortune of illiteracy
is the only inheritance which tue Irish race ;
can treasure, as lasting evidence of the love
which their neighbor, Protestant England, has
borne for the saddest but iuo>t invincible
race that has suffered ior country and creed
during 6even centuries of crnei oppression.
— Rev. Father Cleary, Catholic, Minneapolis,
Minn.
DOUBT.
Don't imagine that it is your great towering
intellectual power which makes you doubt.
Don't pose as a martyr because you doubt. No
one in these days will persecute you for honest
doubting. Don't think you are an intellectual
Napoleon because you are a doubter. . Don't
be afraid to confront truth. Doubt places you
'under obligation to prove what is true, and
you will find that to doubt immortal life is a
i
different thing to proving it. If you do not
believe in God start out as though there might
be one, even if you orwbt it.— Rev. R. Thomp
son, Methodist, Brooklyn, N. Y.
DESTINY.
The character find mission of Christ are not
so important to us ns the character and destiny
of man. His mission may be related to man's
destiny, may be indispensable to its complete
■workiiiß out", but it must ever be true that for
man the Bible and Christ, and death and
Judgment and all other theological questions
are* subordinate to tl-at of human destiny.
They arc the means, this the aim and end. —
Rev. L. H. Squires, Univeraalist, Rochester,
N. Y.
THE CATHOLIC CHTTECH.
Thrre are two schools, two parties in the
Roman Catholic church — the conservative and
the liberal, the high church and the low
church. The one pnrty holds that there is but
one church — the mother church — and out of it
there i? no hope, do salvation. The other party
sees something of good and much <>t hope in
other creeds. With the one faction there is
little hope of Christian fellowship ami co
operation: with the Other Christian unity is
more than a dream.— Rev. George L. Kuox,
Presbyterian, Indianapolis, Ind.
UNIVSRBAL BEOTHEHHOOD.
The world is one. Humanity is one. Human
aims and interests are coming to be one. In
presence of a universal brotherhood war is fast
becoming: the hideous nightmare of history.
Not much longer can slaves wear shackles.
Not much longer can the parasites of society
fatten on the b'ood of their human victims.
When ruiiians smite helpless Armenians too
many souls nil over the earth are beginning to
feel the insult and the string. A new faith in
brotherhood 18 possessing the race. — Rev. L. L.
West, Presbyterian, Winona, Minn.
GAMBLING.
The gambling spirit is a great Xational devil
fish: a monstrous octopus, which reaches out
its long tentacles and blights and defiles any
thing: it. can touch. Gambling blunts and de
stroys the moral perceptions. It cultivates au
inordinate greed for gain. It distorts stand
ards of value and right. To got something for
nothing or great returns for little investments
infatuates men into perilous risks and the sac
rifice of every social trust. Gambling leads to
lying, dishonesty and stealing. Gambling and
defalcations which can be traced to the gam
blinjt tablo are a multitude. It lends to drink,
profligacy niid muider. — Rev. C. E. Locke,
Methodist, Portland, Or.
THE COMING OIRL.
The coming girl will cook her own food, will
earn her own living and will not die a beggar.
The coining pirl will not wear the Grecian
bend, dunce the per man, ignore all possibili
ties of knowing how tn work, will not endeavor
to break the hearts of unsophisticated young
men, will understand English before she
affects French, will spin more yarns for the
house than for the street ami will mit despise
her plainly clad mother, her poor relations or !
the hand of an honest worker. Thecoming
girl will not confound hypocrisy with polite
ness: will nol place lying, to please above
frankness; will not go to Paris, but to reason,
for her fashions, will not aim to follow a fool
ish fashion because some worthless fellow
desires it. Duty will be her aim and life a
living reality.— Rev. M. A. Peters, York, Pa.
HOTEL AREIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. I
Dr N Haight A w, Sacto W W Parr, Sebastopol
FB English, Oakland II A Logan, Cal
R T Pplastre, San Mateo X C Briecs Jr, Hollister
R Bui!. Arcata L Jf Fowler, N V
G W Dickson, I'ortland C E Adams, Ticoraa
LA M Nary, Portland A E Bailey, Seattle
P A Buell. Stockton Dr T D Blodzett. Tulare
A D Pena, Santa Cruz B F Gray. Woodland
s Wde Witt. Wash, D C .1 M Thomas, Corning
H Argyle. Corning J H George, st Louis
F. Sevier. Eureka Miss Anderson. Palo Alto
E Brouse, Santa Cruz Mrs C Magnus, Pa
.1 I> Heard, Siskiyou Mrs F. Taplin *; 2 eh.Ohio
M Woodwurd. Los Ang J) P Durst, Wheatlaud
C E Lndlow. Sacto iliss W Harper, Stanford
Dr Stephen, Petaiuma University
W Bruce, Chicago W Hilton .t's, <;ien Ellen
J G Green, Bo ton s Jacks, LO3 Ang
W B Plant, Los An?el?s
LICK HOUSE.
FG Palmer Aw, Phila A Scale, Mayfield
J E Sackett, Winters II H Bell, Eureka
J s Spencer, Portland .] W Henderson & w, Cal
Miss A Henderson. Cal g y Henderson. Eureka
H N Bullock, Eureka B N Young, Eureka
Dr Wallace iV s, Eureka Ira A Russ, Eureka
I Dannenbaum. Vallejo D s o'Callasnan, S Cruz
W R Cauthers, sta Rosa Mr. G h Baird, Marysvle
R PJgott, Chicago S <i Darman, Boston
II C Shaw, Stockton G Gottschalk, s Andreas i
T P Johnson, San Diego .1 Rennie, St Helena
R H Rosa, Bandin. Or W Boyd. Bandon
1 J i: Youn?, Slociton J M Braly. Fresno
(J E I.ansrham. X York Mrs A M Gray, Nev City i
Mrs J II Rogfrs. Cal P C McCalley, Oakland '
J X Spence, New York P W Mclnlosh, Boston
G W Kelly, Chicago .1 J Fancher. Chicago
j Miss I Boyd, Kingston J P Sherman, OroviUe
RCSS HOUSE.
J S Lytle. San Diego J Herritt, Vancouver
i R Pobinson, Tacoma P W Smith, Portland
C V Porter, Por.'larid E F Bou'.on, Xoyo
1) X Sellers, Eureka E Kavunaugh, Nev
G D Sullivan, Carson C J Canninir. Carson
J Cook, Chicago F C Jennings, Waterloo
J W Logan, Virginia Cy A Calmeis, Portland
W Chalmers, Ciich Mrs M V Day, Chico
; A Rubenstein. Colton Mrs R M Fri'pp & eh, B C
C Perkins, Little River J Keiser, Red Bluff
W swank. Los Angeles F C Pratt, San Jose
W s Young, Stanford OD Wagner, Ava, 111
W T Cowan. Santa Rosa G Locke, Santa Rosa
C Zulu, Portland E G McPlke, Cal
G W Gibson, Stanford W R Brown. F.rle
M Curtis. MendocmoCy M Donal:oe,MendocinoCy !
W Crawford. Lakeport W R Marion, Bay Center
F Nelson, Catate
PALACE HOTEL.
J N Bnrk, San Jose C Ager, Stanford
Col £alch, Great l-alls B M Godsel, Vancouver
A Hoff, Germany Miss Dlxon, Ptanford
E Saladin, Junction City c H Low, Han In< "o
.1 a Grosfcup, Kansas C T d Frawley, X V
M w Miller, Fresno C Heine. Stanford
I: P Flint, Lcs Angeles G Edwards, Stanford
T Mcllroy Jr. X '. A J Bonderaut, Auburn
.1 LCompton, Kansas Cy W E Sbarpe,lndianapolis
WSHarrin^tou.PaloAlto V Anderson, .- ianf >ni
W E Itobi l --. Los Ang D C O'Reilly. Portland
G Hager, Colusa WE Travis, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F G Palmer .t wf. Phila Dr E G Case, Ukiah
7. I) Field, Santa Clara P Mullen, Palo Alto
F A Moses, Newark s F Rose. Valle jo
J.l Malone, Tacoma R Voelckel, Dnmrosch
Dr Ru'.ison, Reno. Nev Opera Co
II Silbewteln, Chico M Burke, Deming. N M
<; H Burk, Deming, N M F Cowen, New York
'! W Clark, Portland S L Rosenthal. Chicago
! J Thomison, Or E s Kripp, Sa<ramento
', Ed Ezekiel. Chicago R R Quinn. Watsonville
SEW WESTERN HOTEL.
! '/, Castle, Los Angeles John Kelly, Boston
D Parker it w. Los Ang James Kelly, Boston
; JJ rboin, Bernardino D Keeler, S Bernardino
A Hackett, S s Alameda A Kenney, Monterey
G i.eiby, Newman C E Mcl,ane, i^
<' Barrows, Eureka C C". Porter, Portland
P \V Smith. Portland W J .McLeod, Columbia
I) Graham. Columbia M M Ryan, USS Poston
s Littlefielri, USS Boston
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai.t.
--710 Market sreet, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— SBO Montgomery street,
corner. C'!ay; open until 9:3o o'clock.
S'M> Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larklrs street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. coiner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 MiHsion street, open untl! 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICr; OF 3IJSJB'I.\»AoS:
CT^Tt occidental iod^e 22, f. a
"■•-*' and A. M.-OtHcers and memb rs are Mk
requested to attend regular stated meetinir, T3'
THiS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:3i)/^\
sharp. Important business. By order of W. M.
EDW. F. DELGER, SPcretary.
K^S* HERMANN LOJJGE No. 127, ¥T~m~
, l^-^ and a. M.— Stated meeting THIS /^
! DAY (Monday). January 6. 1896, at 7:3O 'S? Jf
| r. m. By order of the W. M. r^\
L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
(rr-S=" BAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER SO. _
ur-J^ 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS jsk
EVENING for business. Z?
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. /^>
Bt:^®^ ORIENTAL l,orx;j; NO. 144 F. a~~
i ****' and A. M.-Special mcetin; TUES- Z*
i DAY, January 7, at 1 o'clock p. m., for the T ST TT
j purpose of COndnctlm{ the fuuerul of ou rlate r^sT^
: brother, JEKOJIE BONAPARTE FAKIiO. Mas-
j ter Masons and friends are respectfully invited.
I By order of the W. M.
A. s. HUBP.ARD. Secretary.
a^Ts=» MASTER MARINERS' BE.NE-
tb*-& vcient Association— A special meet- ,\ •^~>»
IdX will be held ai 11 Mission st.. MOS- ' '''&_**,
DAY, at 12:20 p. m. sharp. M- mbers •' —
' comnritttes are requested to be present. By order
of the preside L. TItAUNG. Rec. Sec.
: _C_f NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
' I*-*' the annual meeting of the stockholders of
i the Horsefly <;old Mining Company will be held at
Us oflice, 610 Clay street. San Francisco. Cal o-i
TUESDAY, Hie 14th day of January, 1896, at 3
o'clock r. m. J!y order of the board of directors
EDWARD P. FLINT, President. '
R.JlV\V\f.d, Secretary.
! BpS 3 presidjoXnd ferries K. H. co.—
&-=»' The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders oi the Presidio and Ferri<-s Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 111 l
1 Union strwt, corner Sharp's dace, San -Franclscb,
I Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
j January, 1896, at the hour of a o'clock p. M." for
I the purpose of electing seven directors to serve !
I durinK the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such otht r business as may properly come before
the meeting. Trausfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON, Secretary.
Office— llll Union st., corner Sharp's Dlace, San
; Francisco, Cal.
! s£^S= ANNUAL MEETING-THE ANNUAL
I*"-*" meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insurance ( ompany of California will be held
at the office of the Palaiine Insurance Company,
: limned, of Manchesier, England, 439 California St..
Kate Deposit bnildlns, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January, 1896,
j at the hour of 12 o'clock, in accordance with by-
laws."
<= » . CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
San h rancisco, December 31, 1895.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
!i!tr^S= COLTJMBUB SAvT^ToS^VLrLOAX^oI
iW S " ciety, 61 4. Washington st. am! 5 Montgom-
ery aye.— Dividends on term deposits at the rate of
four and thirty-two one-hundreths (4 32-100) per
cent per annum, ami on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent per
annum, for the half year" ending December 31,
3895, will be payable, free of taxes, on and after
January 2, 1896. ' J. F. FDGAZI, President.
K. N. Hkloraxo, Secretary.
fr VS» QtFIVE UK THK HIBKRNIA SAY-
L»-^ ings and i,oan Society, cor. Market; McAl-
lis'er and Jones sts., .^an Francisco, December 30,
1895— At a regular meeting of the board of di-
rectors of this society, held this day, a dividend
has been declared at the rate of four (4.) per cent
per annum on all deposits for the six months end-
ing December 31. 1895, free from all taxes, and
payable on and after January '£, 1896.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Iftgp DIVED 1 NOTICE— TJIK GERMAN
t>Jt:? Savings and Loan .society, 52G California
street. For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four and tweiit}--six hundredths (4 26-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits, and tUree and
liity-five hundredths (3 56-100) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after Thursday, January '2, 1896.
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
KS> DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
ur-c Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st,, cor.
Sutter. For the half year ending December 3i,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four an 1 thirty-two oue-hnndredths (4.32) per cent
per annum on term deposits, and three and sixty
one-hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
WEDNESDAY, January 1, 1896. Dividends not
called for are added to and bear the same rate of
dividend as the principal from and after January
1, 1896. ( YIU s \V. CAKMA.NV, Cashier.
SPISCIAX NOTICES.
IJKS 3 NOTICE IS HKJiE BY GIVEN THAT
Ur*£r the san Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society has admitted to their institution the
following orphan and. half-orphan sirls and boys
from Jane 30, 1895, to January 1. 1896: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. N«wton, 5 yrs :
Mynle Campbell, 5 yrs.: Ethel M. MoiTalt, 5
yrs.; Paul Duering, 2 yrs.: George Grass, 6 vrs :
Willie Coo s, 11 yrs.: Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.;
Willie A. Newton, 2 yrs.: James O. Morritson, 4
yrs.: Frederick a. Hoffatt, 6 yrs.; Car) Smith.
121/2 yrs.: .Edmund Ac. Bedford, 10 yrs. ; Thomas
Semler, 7 yrs. ; Delbert P. • aley, 4 yrs.
fGS» ENGLISH LADY'S NEW COSMETIC
**** r Parlors, room 46, 850 Mariiet st.
pESSp Mils. ■BERNIIAUDT, 17a SIXTH ST.,
ur-f first Genuine massage treatment.
i?E^S=NOr]CE JS II EREP.Y IV fc:N TH A T THE
L*-*' Maria Kip Orphanage Of 638 Fo!som st., San
Francisco, Cal.. h:is admitted the following half-
orplian k'irls from October 1. 1895, to January 1,
189o: Annie Hanimill. axed lOyears: Jessie Merle
Par. ridge, aged 11 years; Florence V. spicer. aged
lOvears: GeorgleF. \\ akelev, aged lOyears; Grace
Hodge, aged 8 years.
j St^S MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
I l*^*' 8, second iloor; genuine massage treatment.
j£s§= CORNS REMOVED "WITHOUT KNIFE.
ii-s^ Chiropodic Institute, room 22, 906 Market.
g£^s=» HAD TENANTS EJECTED FOX
BM^ Collections mnde, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 6580.
iTS CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, BUCCESS-
-s*-*^ *ully treated. DR. LLOYD, I.urline Baths.
Q'rap WINDOWB Ci.KA.NKI) AND FLOORS
W"-**^ scrubbed; reasonable rales; payment for
fianiaKes enaranteed. C. uossi & CO.. 242 Sutter.
*ZZss= ROOMS WHITENED. 91 UP; PAPER-
'g s -* y Pd S3 50 up. 317 V g Third. <;eiirgi> HBrtiiirtn.
SITtTATIo'xS WAMED-FEMALK. '
t A dTes^FOR " A fTrsTVC ?.. A SS~SE?!. V A NT
±-i ste.l. I". CROSETT ct CO., 312 Sutter st.
\fUMBER OF GIRJ.S OF ALL NATIONALI-
-i-\ ties awaitini; situations at MRS. lURD'S.
Moved to 7-' l Ellis st.
ATEAT DANISH WAITRESS AND SEAM-
JLi stress dfsire3 situation; best references. MISS
CULI K.\, 105 Stockton st.
IDDLE-AGED PROTESTANT WOMAN; IS
a tiisi-class houselceeper; steady and reliable.
temperate and I o jest; \\ouM like a good home 10
assist In general \irrk; would go by the day lionse-
cleaning; American. Ladies plerse call 129 Third.
/ OJIPETENT WOMAN WANTS POSITION;
\J city or country references; good cook, baker
and laundress: nationality Scotch: also American
girl wants situation as baby's nurse; competent.
Call '_'•_• 8 Seventh st.
IOMPKTENT person WISHES situation,
" / second woric and waiting; will make herself
generally useful; with reference from the last
: place. 261/ i Chesley St.. between Harrison and
: Bryant, Seventh and Eighth.
; TIT ANTED— BY TWO FRIENDS; O.\"E FIRST-
j •' class ccok, will do housework, wagei $20; the
oilier to iio upstairs; wages $10; both in the one
i house: city or couutrv; hen city reference. C,
box 77. Call office.
OLOKKU WOMAN WANTS PLACE TO DO
v light housework or assist at housework; watres
not so much an object as good home. 224 Minna
St., basement.
pi IKL 16 WISHES A SITUATION TOJASSIST
"T In li^hi housework; sleep home; no postals.
Call 16 Converse sr. ;
V\riDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI-
'» tlon in lodgine-houss or small fa nilv. Apply
2C2y;, Turk st. '
WANTED- SITUATION BY COMPETF.XT
'* eirl for general housework. Please call at 2821
Bush st», near liaker.
-yOUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
-I housework. Please call at 31 Federal st., be-
tween Bryant and Brannan.
I?LI)EULY AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS A
J-J situation; Is a good plain cook; no objection to
country place, Call at 128*2 Ninth st.
/'UMI'KTKNT WOMAN wiSHJEB WORK 1OJ?
VJ any kind by the day or week washing, ironing
or cler.ning: reasonable. Call 357 Jessie st.
yoUNO I.AIiV DESIKEB SITUATION AS
1 nurse far infant or children. Please call or ad-
dress 1148 Sinter st.
2 YOUNG SWEDISH GIRLS. JUST FP.OM
£i Sweden, to do general housework; $10. liy™
Ait'ouio s;.. off Jones, near Ellis.
yiirv; GIUL WANTS TO DO LIGUTH'UTSE-
-L work in small family. Please call at 1402 Pa-
cific St., near Hyde.
pOMPKTENT DRESSMAKER WISHES SEW-
\J ing; children's garments a speci«lty. Address
B. M., 922 Post si. :j':Yk"-'. x
T adies' aniTgentlemex's repairing
-Li and plain sewing neatly clone. Room 18 '"J
Fifth st.
C 1 ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
\j do general housework. Apply 214 Gough st.
QITUATION WANTED— l'.\ A COMPETENT
O cook, j Address 51/2 Ke:irny St., third tloor.
UASIIINGOH HOUSEKEEPING DONE BY
" the day. 1444 Jackson st.
IjVASSI'ERN LADY DOI-.S GENT'S AND I.A-
Vj dii-s' mending, arid ulaln sewing neatly done.
£81/2 Sixth s!., reo::i 8.
IV- ANTED— A POSITION as HOUSEKEEPER
" for one or two in family. Address, Eastern,
box 11, Call Office.
PESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WfMli A
II situation for i;eneial housework in a small
family. Apply 2132 Union st.
f ' ady WITH LITTUS GIRL wishes situ-
\ li ation to do housework and car;- for widower's
i family, or will cook: for workhands in country. Ap-
I ply ro in, 12. Srsi ftoir, Il'4 >i\ii, st., city.
{ V'xi'.-.KI BO KKEKPrK DhSiUES BITD
j Jj tion, city or country: holds United Stales In-
; dustrial Agency certificate. Address Accountant,
I box 115, Call.
1^ PKHIKN C E 1) (TTTd SALESLADY
, J wants position in city, Oakland or Snn Jose.
Address S. M., box 117, Call.
\ GERMAN GIKL WISHES a POSITION TO
i jOl do uem-ral housework or second work: best
i city references. PO6 Guerrero st., city.
GK KM A X 1A!)V OF REFINEMENT AND
ability wishes pos'tion us housekeeper. Ad-
dreys H. X., box 119, Call Office.
IDDLK-AGED LADY OF EXPERIENCE
would like place us housekeeper or nurse. Call
or address 240 bhotwell st.
TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN WANTS WORK
-L by the day: house-ciennin? or washing; has
local references .Please address S. 11., 222 W'illon-
ave., between Eddy and Ellis sts.. Van Ness aye.
and Franklin st.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES WORK BY THE
_J- »ay, week or month. Apply 3127 Sixteenth st.
yoUNG WOMAN EXPERIENCED IX ALL
-L kinds of work in hotel or irding-house: city
or country. 322 '1 hird st., room 37.
ASTERN LADY (WIDOW) 2 CHILDREN,
J-i desires housekeeper's situation in widower's
family in the country, if near good schools; home
desired more than monej'. C. E. \v. f Playtt-r
b ock, room 8, Oakland.
IDDLE-AGED LADY OF EXPERI E
would lik6 position as housekeeper for Kontle-
man, or chamberwork in hotel; city or country
Address room 19. 121 Mojtgomery st.
[?XPKRIENCJSD LAUNDRK6S WISHES A
■XJ situation In a laundry. 1799 Filbert st.
ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION' TO
\J do general hous^worK and cooklntr; sleep
home, i all or nddress 350 Polk st.
1? LDEKLY GERMAN WOMAN WANTS SITU-
-J atlon to do light housework or mind children;
no cooking. Address MRS. CHARLES GBEGtfi,
Brentwood, t Contra Costa County.
GERMAN GIRL wish SITUATION TO "DO
'> general housework ill Twentieth su
ITUATION WANTED BY A YOU'XIJ GEIt-
O raan girl to take care of children und assist in
light housework. 947 Bryant st.
RESPECTABLE WOAIAN WISHES 2 OR 3
At days' work a week, either washine. Ironing or
housecleanlug. Call or address 529 Howard st.
OITUATXO"N WANTED BY AMERICAN
O woman In widower's family as housekeeper;
place where there are children; gcod references.
1U Zoe, on" Bryant, near Third.
r olX(i WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call or address 40 McAllister st.,
room 1.
L/ A STERN YOUNG LADY OF RKFINE-
-iJ ment would like position as housekeeper. Call
9G3 Mission s:., room 9.
W E 1s 1 1 A.MIGK RaiAN" EMPLOYMENT
Offlee, 1 ii/ 2 Antonla s'., opp Jones, _near Ellis.
t ADIES 1 AND GENTLEMEN'S repairing
-i-i neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market, r. 21.
YOU.M; LADY WJSHKSPLACK AS HOUSE-
X keeper. Room 5. 203 Powell st.
JiITTTATJONS ' WAMED-Continued.
yOf.XG MARRTErT^A?r?^v7sISICS^POsT
I X lion as chambermaid or housework by the day;
I can give reference. Address L. F., box 122, Call."
ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
J-J keeper or office work. 501 i'ost St., room 25,
second lioor. ■<
■y OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper; also a dressmaker; will take
work home: very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
"\VriNCHESTEK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Marker; 200 rooms; 25c to Si 50 per night,;
$1 50 to $6 per week : convenient and respectable;
lree bus to and from ihe ferry. _^^^
A.TIONS »VA.SXEI»-JIALE.
COOKS, \\\virl?KfrTND"TsOTE£^^
hand at J. F. CROSETT <fc CO.'S, 628 Sacra-
i meuto»;.
P\J. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches :short notice. 14 Geary. ;tel.Grant 46.
HUNTER & CO., lIIIXESK AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CI 1 1 X ESFTaND JAPANESE HELP— EST. 20
) years; tel. 1997. BRADLKY'S, 640 Clay st.
you ngTman wants work at house-
J- cleaning; handy at painting, whitewashing and
I glazing; small wages; good reference. Cliuion,
! box 78, Call olHce. *
i &9() A MOXTH — FIRST-CLASS B AR-
-1 •jT I «JV/ tf-nder must have work in s loon or whole-
sale liquor-store: good references. Address 24 V 9
Garden «t., city.
HOY, AGE 15, WANTS WORK IX OR
around store; good references.. Address 37
Ritch gt.-
pOACHMAN, WHO UNDERSTANDS GAR-
j \J deuing, wants place In private family; good
reference. Call or address 511 Broadway.
"y OUNG MAN WISHES OSITiON OF ANY
j X kind; city or country; good driver; under-
! stands care of horses; wages $10 and found. K. 11.,
box 102. Call Office. .
i "y OUNG MAN (30 YEARS OF AGE) WISHES
j X position as porter; handy with toois; willing to
I do anything; speaks French. German, English and
i Spanish. Address J. S., box 11, Call Office.
■ TVrURSE OR VALET TO IN valid gextle-
; -»-' man; long experience; highest medical and
; private references: speaks French, German, Eng-
j lish. Address Nurse, 315 Stockton st.
1 PRACTICAL MINING MAN DESIRES POSI-
, J tlon as manacer or foreman at a quartz mine:
onderstan is l:o -kkeeping. miningengineering and
I assaying and all underground work. Address J.,
I fco.x 59, this office.
EXPERIENCED COUPLE WISHES TO MAX-
. at;p restaurant; man good cook, to take kitchen;
I wife dining-room. 703 Stockton st.
TjiOUNDKY HANDY MAN; MOLDING,
i X 1 filing, polishing, etc.: brass or iron. Address
! Handy, box 76, Call Office.
ECHAXIC AND HANDY MAN IN GEN-
eral wants work; city or country: small wages
I expected. Address L. M., box 164. Call Office.
; pOACHMAN AND GARDENER WANTS A
j \J situation; Oakland and San Rafael references;
: is thoroughly experienced and reliable. Address ■
j L. c.. 1 o\ 127, Call Office.
ITIIRST CLASS COACHMAN WANTS SITUA-
tion; has best of references: 4 years in present
place. Address D. F., box 16, Call Office.
SIT U ATION IS w a N T ED BY YOUNG MAN
' asan all-around liauci about place: city or
i country. Address A. R., box 136, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED IN RESTAURANT
I O or saloon by a reliable, steady man. Address
1412 Powell st., room 13.
I \\'AMi:i) IIV AN EXPERIENCED VINI-
I '* culttirist, a position at employer's terms. Ad-
! dress E. V., box 76, Call Office.
I/URST-CLASS MEAT COOK FROM EASTERN
JO coast desires situation: strictly sober and good
hustler; first-class place preferred. Address Cook,
i box 100 Call Offic-.
FEMALE HELP WANTKD.
WANTiOD— COOK. TTETtM^^Oir^FRFrNCH
»» style, no wash. $30; governess, must teach
German or French, $25; waitress and parlor maid,
j $'.'0; 8 Proies ant German and French second girls,
\ $-0; Fr nch nurse, $20; 3 Germun and Scandina-
vian cooks, $25 and 30; German working house-
keeper, see party here .it 10 to-day; waitress coun-
try hotel, R2O; chambermaid, assist waiting, $20,
; and girls of all nationalities for cooking and house-
: work in city and country. J. F. CROSETTE& CO.,
312 Sutter st.
WEDISH OR PROTESTANT COOK, $35.
kJ MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
pTERMAN OB SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
vjTgiri, Penryn, $20. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stock-
| ton st.
j . i
OUSEWORK GIRL.MAYFIED,SIS; HOUSE- !
__keeper $15. MISS.CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $Ts] MISS
T> CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
T AUNDRESS, QSQ; COOK, 535; 4 SECOND
Xj girls, $25 and $20; housework girls, Alameda
• $25. gan .los • $25, San Mateo $30 and other towns: I
I lvi housework girls, City and country, $20 and $25;
I B young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
: 10 Stockton st.
rpYPEWR] rER, $4 PER WEEK. MISS CUL-
I X LEX, 105 Stockton at.;
\\r ANTED— I H. SI -CLASS WAITRESS AND
»' tarior maid, $25; 2 French nursery gover-
nesses, $25 and $20: German chambermaid and
seamstress, country. $25: German cook, $30: girls
for housework and assist, $.!0, $15 and $10. LEON
i ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
I TRISH GIRL, JEWISH FAMILY, $26; GER-
: -L ruun girl. $25; cook. Belvedere, $25; ueathouse-
I giil, 2 in family, $.15; 2 second girls, $20; cham-
! bermaid, assist waiting, $20; 10 girls, $20, $15.
i MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
HOUSEWORK OM AX Ft 1 1 1 EUREKA; SEE
party here. 9:30 a. m. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
OWED ISH COOK, CITY REFERENCES, $30.
O small family; cook and laundress for family of
3, see party here, $25; German second girl, $20;
1-rench f-econd girl, $20; 3 neat young American
women for housework, city, $20; 10 German giils
for $20, housework places, city and coniitry; a
number of young cirls to assist, $12 to S18; fccan-
dinavian housekeeper. C. R. HANSEN «fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
(• WAITRESSES, FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. LOS
U Angeles. $20; call Monday morning early. C.
R. HANSEN <!fc CO., 110 Geary at.
\"K.\i YOUNG AMErTcAN HOUSEWORK
-*■> girl, family Of 2, $20. C. R. HAXSEX «fc CO., '
110 Geary st.
W A NTED— LA DY'S MAID FOR CITY, $25;
' ' also governess to goto Portland, Or., must be
French or German: also French nursery governess
for city. $25: 3 liist-cla.ss German cooks, $35 and
.O: lush waitress and parlor-maid, $25: 50
housework girls, city and country, $25 and $20.
Apply M rss PLUNKETT, 124 sutter st.
W aTtRESN, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20; CHAM-
» » bermaid. assist waitini;, $17; family and ranch
cooks, $26 and $L 0: girls lor housework and cook-
nitr. city and country. Apply MURRAY <ft
READY, 634 Clay st.
l\(y 'l U Ls AX D WOMEN CAN FIND SITUA-
'-'\J tions, private families and hotels Monduy,
by applying to MURRAY & HEADY, 634 Clay st. I
]/I!'.st ( ; V.SSCOOK.?3O; >KCO.ND GIRJ., $20; i
J housegtrl, two in family, $20; honsegiri, $26; j
number of girls in city and country, Apply at the
Swedish and German Employment Bureau. 815
Sutter st.
jT?BENCH (JI IU,, WHO .SPEAKS GOOD
i J. French and some Knelish, tor light second
work: wages $15; reference required. Call at I
1600 Van Ness aye. ■
I y OUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL TIOUSE-
I X work: good plain coo'< : plain washing: four in
family; wages $20. Apply in forenoon, 802tJ Clay.
A NTE O— YOUNG RESPECTABLE MAR-
» » ried woman for wetnurse: bring baby and ref-
erences. Anply to 47 Post si., room 6, 12 to 3p. m.
W ANTED — STRONG, WILLING GERMAN
'» or American woman, general housework. ad-
ply 3 to 4. 922 Post si. \
Ijy ANTED— GERMAN WOMAN FOR LIGHT
'» housework. 457 Guerrero st.
yOi'Ni: GIRL TO ASSIST; MGHT HOUSE-
X work: small family. 1534 Ellis st.
tTttlk girl about 14 to assist e re
XJ of baby. 53 Capp st., alter 10 A. M.
i Air AN TED— LADY AGENTS; EASY SELLER;
"' good pay. 763 Mission st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; MUST
understand cooking. 1621 Ellis st.
j p ERMAN OR S( AX I ) I X AY I A X GIRL FOR
vJ" general housework; wages $15. 1909 Vallejo.
\\r ANTED— GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK
1 T and wuiting on table. 1307 Hyde st.
BPECTABIIE GIRL FOR LIGHT UOUSE-
work. 1312 Buchanan st.
rnAI^ORKSS ON7;USTOM COATS; ALSO IM-
X piovers and apprentices. 322 Jessie st.
WAN T E D-TW O GIRLS TO WAIT ON
" table in restaurant. 204 Fourth st.
r ANTED A German nurskgirl. AP-
ply 2528 i me st.
GI 111, TO TAKE CARE OF CHILD 2 YEARS
old and make herself useful. 2621 Lnguna st.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\X work. 1726 O'Farrell st. ;■
WANTED— NEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR
»' housework. ISOO Turk st.
WOMAX OR GIRL FOR LUNCH COOKING;
_^_|jivasessls. 43SFifthst. '
lir ANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
» ' work ; family three ; wages $8. 1449 McAllister.
\ PPRENTICES FOR CU.STOM COATS. 966
-£V Folsom st. \
pERMAN GIRL wanted for general
VJT Housework. , Call at 700 Diamond st., bakery.
y OUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE- i
X work; wages $10 to $12. 1519 Devisadero.
WANTED-APPRENTICE FOR DRESS.MAX-
"' ing. Call Monday, 223 a Leavenworth st.
\\ r A XTP:b-YOIJNG GERMAN GIRL FOR
f» housework. 6lsEUisBt. ■
G I 111, TO ASSIST IN LIUIU 1 HOUSEWORK.
Apply 735 Guerrero st.
RESSMAKKRS WANTED — FIRST-CLASS
dressmakers; none others need apply. 504
Sutter st. » .
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
' ' housework and plain cooking; family of two
and one child. Call Monday, Det. 9 and 12, 138
Fulton st. ...
\\T ANTED -PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
" school: class or private: young ladies fitted I
j for the trade; reasonable. 410 Leav«nworth st. 1
HEI.P WANTED-Contlnned.
PESPECTABLE GIRl] FOR NERAL
Xt hoiise-vork; small family. 1045 McAllister.
WANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT
"» housework; small family; mast sleep home.
Call 2807 Harrison st.. near Twenty-fourth.
O UNG GERMAN GIRD TO ASSIST IN
X housework: family of 2; $7 month. 416 Sic-
Allisterst.
yOUXG GERMAN GIRL, EXPERIENCED IN
X housework, to wait in bakery; wagei $15. 125
Seventh st.
fPAILORp:SS WANTED. 2803 GREENWICH
X sf., cor. Baker.
Our FALL CLOSING-OUT SALE FROM NOW.
\J N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
"V OUNG GIRL ABOUT 14 TO ASSIST. AD-
X dress M RS. T., box 8, this office.
A ITRESSES FOR COUNTRY DANCE-
'» hall. Apply 35 Taylor St.. room 1.
BEAUTY CULTURE. HAIRDRESSING, MAS-
icure parlors; all branches taoght thoroughly;
terms moderate; free to our agents. Carmel Cos-
metic Co., 131 Post st. f
T AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRE^S-
XJ cuttin? school. 1231 Market st.,bet. Bth and 9th.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 3f>c: MORNING
and ev'gclass<?s;lo io;;sons,fl £0. 1248 Mission.
I>TJPILS WANTED NOW FOB MILLINKRY:
-X new term begins Jan. 6, 189(5. 234 Taylor st.
pONCERT. OPERA-POTPOURRI, GIVEN BY
\J Vocal Teacher Joseph Greven. in Odd Fellows'
Hal!, on the Bth of January, 1896; tickets 50c, ad-
mitting gentleman and lady; for sale at the promi-
nent music and other stores.
RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
OST CONVE NI ENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
'-100 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and^rom the ferry.
ANTED— YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN A
"' complete course in millinery; will guarantee
them positions in spring: rates reasonable. Call at
the New Institute, 121 Post St., room 51.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nieht: $1 50 to $6 per
week: fw« bus to and from the ferry.
PUPILS WANTED: POSITIONS GUARAX-
J- teed patterns 2sc up- latest skirts 35c. McDO
ELL's dressmaking Acariemy, 213 Powell St.
JML4 LK HIvLP \V A I£D.
4WA7TEl?sTs2s^X^^6T^rT r iT^O^?N^rßT:
t: 3 cooks, $30 and $40; second cook. S2O; 3
farmeis. $20: 2 chore boys. $S and $10. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SUPERINTENDENT FOR A LARGE RANCH.
O $75 to $100 per month an<l found: .single man
preferred. Address with full particulars MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 63(i Clay st.
OF F K-BO V FOB THIS OFFICE;. MUST
understand telephone and live somewhere near
here. C. R. HANSE.X & CO., 110 Geary St.
BARBERS— THE ORIGINAL BARUEKS' AS-
sociation, organized February 3, 1895, meetsto-
night at 102 O'Farrell st., for th' installation of
ollicers. Rtfreshments for all who attend.
- 11. A. UOLFK, President.
X\r A N T E D— RELIABLE MAN TO ASSIST IN
'» plain cash business 8 hours per day; experi-
ence rot reqnlred; $75 per month; must have
$150 cash. 8731/3 Market, St., room 1.
VOUNO GERMAN BOY WANTED IN COAL
X yard, who speaks English. 421 Clementina St.,
bet. Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— FOR U. S. S. PHILADELPHIA,
'» 5 machinists. Apply 419 East St.
ANTED— AN ADVERTISING SOLICITOR.
'' Mission Mail Office, 1035 Howard.
0 GOOD CANVASSERS FOR SHOW CARDS
A wanted. 0 Geary St., room 2.
pO AT MA WANTED. 1610 MARKET
\J sirre:.
W ANTED-BOY. APPLY 804 ARXY ST.,
' ' New Western snoe and clothing emporium.
WANTED — FIRST - CLASS OPERATOBS,
also tallora, on custom coats. 28 Morria aye.
\\T ANTED— WAITER AT PARK HOUSE, 1820
'T Haight st. ; $25 a month.
ERRAND-BOY WANTED. 641 STEVENSON
street.
W AXTED-FIRST-CLA3S TAM ALE-MAKER.
'» 532 iluy.s st.
BRICKLAYER WANTED— 2223 FOLSOM ST.
1J Apply between 12 and 1 o'clock.
ARBER- SHOP foi: SALE j RUNNING
3 chairs. 81 V Fourth st.
Vy ANTED— A BOY to do CHOKES AT the
'» Sheppard House, San Quentin, Cal.
pohema'x wasted ox A BANCII by an
X elderly Scotchman. Address .or further partic-
ulars H., box 20. Call Oftice
<{j» A A WEEK USING AND SELLING
<P"tt-' Royal Plater: com) lete outfit; easily oper-
ated by dipping in melted metal; no polishing or
grinding; come out of plater with fine finish. We
furnish materials, teach agents. Light, easy work;
big proilt; sample of work: testimonials free.
Write GRAY A Co., pept. 9, Columbus, Ohio.
Ur ANTED— MisN AND WOMEN TO WORK
»» at home: 1 pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented rnettiod; anyone
who can rend or write inn do the work at boine in
spare lime day or evlnins: snd tor particulars
and begin work at once. Addre33 H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa.
NERGETIC MAN WHO CAN GET AROUND
before the middle of the day. 423 Spreckels
building.
YY A NTED- DRUMM ER FOX PLUMBERS' 1
»» supply house. Must be well acquainted with
San Francisco trade or not wanted. Apply by let-
ter, DALZIEL ct MOLLER, 554 Mission st. "
OUNG MAN WANTS W I N I lOW AND
X house cleaning in exchange for board, or jani-
tor's work or office-cleaning at low wages. Ad-
dr.ss R. A., box 16. Call oiilce.
[DOW WANTS WORKING PARTNER;
'' must have if 75. A. A%, box 117, this ollice.
W ANTED— WILLING TO WOBK;
'' must invest $50. X., liox 131, this ollice.
WANTED-GOOD PEOPLE, SMALL CAPI-
"' tal. to take dining-room; free rent. 227 Geary.
ARBER-SHOP; CITY FRONT; GOOD TIIAX-
Btent place: cheap rent. See STOLTZ, 630
Market St.
BA RBER-S3OP; DOWNTOWN; S CHAIRS
J-> and combination case, etc.: 15c shaving; can
be bought cheap before the 10th. See STOLTZ,
630 Market st.
CfJA MEN TO GET A STYLISH AND DtTR.
U\l\.r able shoe ma.le to order at $2 50; repairing
at half price. 959 Howard s\
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 IssioN, BET.
■i-1 Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
SALESMEN WANTED— TO SELLOURGOODS
k. to the wholesale and retnil trade; goods sell on
sight, Liberal salary or commission paid. Position
permanent. For particulars address Centennial
Manf'g Co., Atlanta. Ga. Factory, Milwaukee, Wis.
WANTED-BRIGHT SALESMAN OF EXPK-
»» rienc-.-. Address MARCEaU the lotografer,
826 Market s'., stating a>;e and references.
l^R. HARDC STi.K. DENTIST; REMOVED
XJ to 628 Montgomery s;.; hours 9 to 5.
EN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FoOD
i-Vl is the best. f. KEBTELL, Mateo.
H E BAILBOAJD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
X st.. below Montgomery— Single rooms Isi- night.
25c (Or two; lest and cleanest house In town.
BEST MEAL ON EABTH; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c. at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth
MAN Wllo can I.OAN EMPLOYEB $300
i»i can have good-paying position in general mer-
chandise s.ore. Address box 255, Lodi, Cal.
WHAT HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
'» st.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
W IXCHESTKR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..XEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading.
roora: free bus to and from ihe ferry.
Barbers; attention i-the employ"
ment ollice of the Barbt-rs' Association of Cali-
fornia will be found until further notice with P. C r .
HA.MAXX, 2SBy a o'Farreil st: don't be mislead
by other advertisements. .1. KLITCH, President.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
retarv Barbers' A s»o., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCIIS.
YY' ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT BECKIVES
'» their wage 3 to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; nocharge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 .Sutler, r. 4.
I EARN A TRADE— LADjKS AND GKNTLfc.-
--i men students wanted ; only 8 weeks required ;
tools given, write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College. 116 Eleven; li s:.
L>OHKOAJUS HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
XV furnished rooms, 20c; SI per week.
] l\f\ MF..N TO TAKE LODGING AT IUC, 15c
1 ' i\J and 20c a night. Including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
\\T ANT ED-MEN TO BOTTLE SHAKP
'T Bteatn beer. 6c ; bottle wlue. sc. t_'O9 day st.
\A rED-SIN(7LE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
' T week; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
TEN'S 1/2-SOLING 50c: LAD 40c; DONE
i-'X while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HO\V"ARD-
XJ single furnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
1 EAHN A TRADE-SIGN OB PICTORIAL
Xj painting taught for $5: great, opportunity . D.
LEVY, 35 Eighth st.. San Francisco.
I A RBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION E.MPLOV-
J > ment. secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 867Cla>.
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rollcln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.- 150
large rooms: 25c perjilght: $1 to $3 per week.
"L"' R E E BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOX se*
X alsoabottl tof lager, sc, at 637 flay st.
MOZART. 319 ELLIS, BOOMS 25C ;TO BOG
M- night. $1 25 to fc& week: reading rooms.
1,-REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SAXSOME;
X single rooms 15c, 20c a night, 91 a week.
EST IN SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
v ,H? S nts per nigllt; S1 » * x 2B « *1 B0 P"f weelt.
£ac»ic_House .Commercial and Leldfesdorff sts.
J4(H ) S1 fc ' N ' 5 ' SECOND-HAN DKD SiIOKS.SOME
I 3: v/V nearly new. 25c to SI 25. 662 Mission st.
TRY ACME HOI.SE, 857 MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
nti ng rt^ OM Vn and Eec: half-soled in 15 min-
i utes, One while you wait;, all repairing done by
I machinery; al! repairing at half price: work guar-
-1 anteed. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WANTKD.
TirANTED^2 OR 3~ FIRST-CLASS LADY SO-
-" licitors to sell a new patented article pertain-
ing to lady's apparel; never has been placed on the
market. For further information call at 1724
Taylor St., Oakland, Cal.; call from 1 to 6 p. m.
\\r ANTED -GOOD ~!?O "iTlCITOR TO ACT AS
1 » city agent for well-estabiished firm. Apply
at 1002 Polk st.
ENKKGETIC AGENTS FOR A NEW AND
Hi fine house coal. Address Coal, box 163, Call.
OUR TRAVELIXG~SALESMEN WANTED
to sell all kinds of riding vehicles, scales, re-
frigerators and recently patented novelties. 57
Chronicle building. » ; -. . -,-.
f\ ALI FOR MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants pood agents to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal Inducements offered. J.
W. ANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
: HOUSES WAXTEd!
TIT ANTED— FURNISHED HOUSE, 10 OR 12
W rooms, in Western Addition. Address F. H.,
box 76, Call Office. ,
REFINED YOUNG COUPLE,' W HO CAN
XX give the bpst of references, no children, and in
every way desirable tenants, wish a well-furnished
flat or cottaze in desirable neighborhood. Address,
stating location and price, B. 8., box 106. this office.
I niMTIKK WAMJCBP
B^oTu^n r^Y~HT(r?rKST PRICE PAID FOR
J\- second-hand furnituie and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market, st. : call or send postal.
CASH PRICK PAID FOR FURNITURE. Ja-
\J COB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission, bet. 4th <fc sth.
o'. KRASKY, CARPETS, PICTUBiSS,
. folding, iron beds, furniture; low prices; Cal.
ytenladder nianuiact'l for tlip trade. i 9 Mis"lon.
BOARDING WANTED.
QXJNNY BOOM WITH GOOD PLAIN BOARD
0 in companionable family, for invalid lady: no
objection to distance. Address, with terms, 9.27
Market st.
I'KOPKKTY WANTED.
Tjß^FTß^Y^^A^msrn^^ P~CORN ER
X business property; $3000 to $20,000: give net
Income mid locution; no agents. Investor, box
89. cull t-flice.
WAMI-l)-jll. t;ti.LAMiOl».
AN TE IV-l¥osTAl7c'Alur' sTzE PRESS^
• ' with or without type; in good order; cheap.
Write particulars to I. R. M., 1190 &th St., Alanierta.
i DVERTISER WANTS SMALL STOCK OF
A merchandise; must be a bargain: small town
preferred. Address Cash, box 2, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— YOUR W A T( It, IF IT NEEDS
'» repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St., third floor.
KLL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING ANDTf.W
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st-.: send postal.
COST.
OST— A LAu3n>R^_E^G_RTcLOTH
er (B M 3 on coven ; good reward if returned
to-day to Parisian Steam Laundry, cor. Twenty-
ninth and Dolores sts.
IT MOROSCO'S THEATER A PAIR OF
-T\. opera glasses, with Initials A. L. X.; reward of
$5 to finder, Return to 414 S:einer St.
lOST— FRIDAY MORNING, OX 10:30 TRAIN
-i from Oakland or steamer PieoVmont. black seal
purse with initials L. D. on it. Finder will please
leave at Call Office and receive reward.
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Saving and Loan Society of San Francisco iv
the name ot Bessie Galvin (Xo. 167121). The
finder will please return to bank.
JAN. 3— YOUNO BLACK SETTER, WHITE
spot under chin; will pay reward. 10J5 Powell.
L-uST— DAK K-BRO\VN SPANIEL DOG: RE-
-1 ward. Return cor. Eighteenth and Shotwell.
T OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and I oan society of -an Francisco,
in the name 01 MRS. ALICE J. COSGROVE, No.
191.691. The finder will please return to bank.
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
-IJ Savings and Loan Society of san Francisco in
the name of ELLEN NYHAN; No. 198,099. The
finder will please return to hanlr.
FOUND.
UOUNrT-IBLACK -h ! TEB 1 )OG?l^Vp{s^\6\i
r Polk st.
DENTISTS.
DR. GEORGE wT'IeEkT TH^GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 U'Farrell st.
FA 1 LESS J XTRACTIO . 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: platps, l?f) up; 13 years'
experience. K.L.Walsh. D.D.S., 815% Geary.
\ SET OF TEETH WITIIOUT A PLATE.
ii. DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
B. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
D\',. MEYER, LATE OI 148 SIXTH ST., RE-
moved to 1012 Mission, near Sixth: gas given.
DR. 1.. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth withous
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
CBOOMJ3 DENT ASSOCIATION, 759 HAS-
\J ker. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent tor painless extraction: artificial teeth
inn $5: fillings inn $1 : extracting 5Cc. with gas $1.
"ffl«7 A SET FOB TEETH; WARRANTED AS
<Jp I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMiIS,
dentist, 930 >!:irk'.'; St., next Baldwin Theater.
j TVr. LU DL r.M H11.i.. 1443 MABKET ST.,
XJ near .Llevemh: no charge tor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
tee*th from $8 per set: extracting s<>c: gas given.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80S MAJR-
X J kct st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER,
DR. LEEK, 1206 MABKET, COB, GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAS-
JV ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_
-^i- WSEKItY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOKSi S.
IpORSALE OR EXCHANGE— A FIXE ROAD-
ster; will drive double or single: can be seen
at Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply 504
Sutter st.
HORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The HV-le
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
"1 C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XO\J ness: also wagons, buggies and horses:
contracting outfit: sand wsgonsand scrapers, llvs
Mission st.
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
| XJ geon for B. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
Ai} HORSES FCR SALE: ALSO WAOONd
X\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hot.M
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every W»'nes-
day. SULLIVAN <£ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
I 00 SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; Ail.
j X\J\J kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts; j
alaoJSjOche&DbOrses. Fifteen J.li and Valencia «ts. 1
WAliO.>> \.\L> t.AItUiA«iES.
X^"^KgTn7sT^lsrTul^^ >WHICH
■j-V has been used for 2 months, will be sold for
liaif its original value. For further information in-
quire at 32 O'Karrell st.. room 5.
CAKPEX Cl,!«;ANlNli.
JE.MITCHELL( \1: l'i:T 1 LKA M Ni ; < •. . ■hi
• 14th at.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
pAKPKTS THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND
\J renovated same as new. S. FERGUSON A
CO., 23 Ten'.h s:. Telephone number, south 38.
T McQUE'BN'T^CARPET BEATING AND REX-
I ') . OVatiMg works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
C\ IT V STEAM C A RPKTCLEANING.RENOVX
V. ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
TVJATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
1> vatina; Works HAMPTONiBAILLY layin'
alterin:;. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244!
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPAULDING^S Pioneer
Beating Work 3, 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WOBKdL Hi
' ) <;old-»n i:atf aye: Iplephone easr. 126.
* ' SEWING MLACHINIisT
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, EXCHANGED.
■fX rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
r>ENTED $iou MONTHLY; SECOND-HAND
XX machines from $3 upward; Domestic, New
Home, M hlte, singer at half-price. 145 Sixth st.
A^Tfc() ( ft.
"DUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND BAT
XJ tan furniture at the factory and save middle^
mnn's profit; we will treat you right. C\LIFOR
NIA KATTAN COMPANY, 61 First st^uear Mi"-"
-) FHESH CO wS; EACH MILK 4 GALLONS A
A day; gentle. 1312 Folaom st. "-^-'-o^.t a
IpRESH COW, 3,i JKRSEY'" SFCOVn C\LF
r Applyio JAS.ItA.VKIN, For; l'o:nt, Presidia
PICTURES IN FRAMES CHEAI'I?FHirFLY-
X ing Derender. The White N aw. San Franc sea
Steampship; plate-glass mirror. 20x4H ! inched £
aged; all in frames. JONES, 547 Mission su
r> AROUTFITS.MIRRORS.CASH REc! tSTFRS
-Dseales, etc.; cheapest. JIEKK, uiHMission "t.'
\|" NAI:(H CABD SLOT MACHINKS. 71m
_-v salaor away. k AHN & CO., 220 cai. St.
D steam boher andenginef TONGS, SMALL
-O steam boiler and engine. 631Ho'vardst
LMRE AND BURGLAR SAFK, LETTER-
i-io?- SB> lattor 'n scales and desk: cheap. 102
Jn\ St. ;<i
NCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, $25. KING'S
-*^ o.a bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
C)\ X SMALL medium AND large sizb
.\J. fire and bnrglar_p oof safe. 221, 223 Market ss.
IV^ ANW CHIBAPEK THAN SECOND-
■i-i hand. W. S. RAY Mfi; Co., 12 California sc
O 9}- NT I KS, SHELVING. " SHOWCASES
>^ nought and «old 112iy Market beu 7thandBta
BICICLKS.
WINDSOR BICYCLES: STRkStLY HIGII
''grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CBOFT &CU 324 Pojt St., .-. F. _
"P CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LKT-^
"T... st accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
AllUter and Powell »v cac line*
BrSTNKSR chances
a^fTryTcoffee parlor: very best
location; finest litted-up place In city; hasverr
larire counterand outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
rifice. STEN BEBG & TREIBER. 632 Market st.,
opposite Palace Hotel.
i"-m pa rtner BESTAUB ant an d
<?!>c)tjU. chophouse near transfer point; big day
andni?ht trade: guarantee clear $75 monthly;
full investigation; trial before buying. blh.>
£_RG TREIBER, 632 Market at.
Of<mt\ RESTAURANT NEWLY FITTKI)
»JS_UU. up: rent and water taken out In bo r 1;
no night or Su-idav work; receipts §10 «ia:ly: b1«
bargain. BTEWBEBG TREIBER, 632 Mai s;.
$OAAA WHOLESALE COMMISSION M EI;-
-<Jp_UUU. cha-it of good standlnx and rer.t!ta-
tlon wants partner in produce and commission
house: controls large trade from all points 01 tl!-
Pacific t'OHst: grand opening tor some industrious
man; guarantee clear $'-'<;0 month: chance in a
lifetime. STENBE TREIBER. 632 Markets'.
C7.-I "I A. A EXTRA RARE CHANCE ; sa-
»J)±-LUU. loon: one of the most elegant in City;
three doors oi Market: cash reuister, piano in-
cluded: actii.il gift at $2000: se.it: make offer.
BTENBERG «fe TKKIISKK, 632 Market.
<2j°nfl FRENCH LIQUOR-SI ORE: GOOD
OOI'U. location: transfer point: genuine bar-
gain: given away if taken before arsl of year: call
,to-day. BTENBERG .v TREIBER. 632 Market st.
LOON FOB SALE: CHEAP. 4'J7 FOURTH
street. i
"vtotice — lI AVI NOJ, SEVERA L BUYERS*
-Li willing to invest in legitimate business, parties
desiring to sell apply to HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny.
<*£zinn ROUTE FOR SALE; HORSE AND
«ST"tUU. light wagon; clearing $70 to $80 per
month; trial given. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
*£; OA A PAItTNER IN CONTBACTINO
<IT'VJv»\J. business, to attend office and collecting.
HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
<SQfJ(I RAKE CIIANCK, PRODUCE AND
<iP u l dairy business; old established; good
v^.J TTOflts $125 a month; can be Improved.
JOHNSTON. 20V3 Kearny st :
HH'SOO I'AIVINEIt WANTED IN LIGHT
*\i'*J\J\J. business: carried on by 'present owner
over 14 years; trade of the leading mercantile
house o£ f the city; business to be enlarged and pays
now .*soto ijluoa month each; this is worth inves-
tigating: experience not necessary. JOHNSTON _
CO., 2b / Kearny st.
400 *',l XE PAYING CITY ROUTE WITH
<iP i"V.'. 600 customers: clearinc over 875
monthly; week's trial. JOHNSTON, 26V Kearny.
\IT ANTED— HF.LIAIu.i-; MAN AS PABTNEK
»T intrrocery and bar; must have K4OO cash; no
risk. JOHNSTON, •_•,;■. Kearny st.
ffijOX/1 FINE SALOON; FIXK FIXTURES;
<£)OO\J. large stock at a sacrifice or. account of
sickness; part cash. JOHNSTON, 26Vs Kearny.
®Pi^l*l PARTNER WANTED IN BUSINfcsS
tg)%JO\J. that will pay tot ach from ?300t0545U
per month: thorough investl.-atfon allowed: mu^t
1»- able 10 keep plain accounts: unmarried mau'
preferred. JOHNSTON & CO., '±$y z Kearny st.
_TO;r CANDY-STORE FURNISHED RMK; 1
j «]pl^jU. cheap. BARRETT & CO.. 865y 2 Mkt.
! ©C"A FIRST -CLASS HOME BAKERY,
i^rJfJKJ . with all-counter trade of 16 to $20 per
day; No. 1 location: living-rooms furnished ; trial'
given. BARRETT «t SKIFF, 865y Market st.
<Bizl"»n RESTAURANT. FINELY FITTED ;j
»In ±'»V/. No. 1 10.-ation; living-rooms furni.shed;l
low rent; great bargain. BARRETT <fc SKIFF,
865Va Market st.
T~O SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND QUICK
for cash see STRAND <t CO., 45 Third st.
m» J7 ~ RESTAURANT, Al ATION t
rjp'i I O. ]>ays well; must sell on accouut of de- :
partnre; great bargain. STRAND, 45 Third st.
ffli'JXA SALOON MEN ATTENTI OL!>|
OpdOyJ. established saloon; pays well: actu-
ally worth $600. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<$1 1 7 £ BRANCH BAKEBV" 3 ROOMS;
*S)X tO. L-ood trade; bargain. STRAND, 45 3d.
pORKER GROCERY AND BAB BA RO AI N
\J if sold this week. STRAND, 45 Third st.
Q|"''A GOOD-PAYING SALOON IN Bl'SI.
*4pv>t>U. nesscenter: fixtnres worth alonesi:-:00:
stock $300; must sell to-day on account of im-
mediate departure. Inquire 533 California st..
Phoenix Bar.
IW A A SMART. ACTIVE MAN. MUST
be a hustler, as partner; must have $2000 cash;
going t<i Honolulu and New Zealand; business
pays $20,000 per year clear profit. Address ii. J.,
1 ox 94. this office.
ffl; 9- / 1 I'A KTiSER IN PAYING SALOON;
<P«Jt)U. owner desires to connect a:hletic de
partment with it; safe invest nt. 632 Market
St.. room 8.
RUIT AND PRODUCE BUSINESS: GOOD
horse and wagon; family and transient trade;
cheap rent. 194:: Market St., cor. Gough.
v'Hlj SALOON, OX ACCOUN OF IMME-
i£)U\J\J. diate departure: fixtures worth $1300:
tio agents wanted. Apply 541 CalHornia st.
AKERY. INQUIRE s. A. DREHEB, PARK
house, cor Mission and Twenty-fourth sts.,
from 9 to 12. room 40.
AKERY. WITH HORSE and WAGON;
X) baking over 21/2 barrels, is to sell as soon as pos-
sible for reasonable price. Inquire Ca!l office.
MDBI BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY 1— •_> K.V-
press- wagons; stand cor. Sansome and Sutter.
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
TV" ANTED— PAIiTXKIt WITH SOME CAP-
» » ital, lady <ir gent, in light paying business. Ad-
dress A. M. ROSS, p. O. box 1032, San Jose, Cal.
S9AA STOCK COMPLETE OF 21- ACRE
<JUv/. poultry ranch near Fruitvale; long
lease; low rent. 34 Donohoe building.
T/<OR SALE— BUTCHER-SHOP; GOUD LOCA-
£ tion; low rent; cheap. Address B. H., box 31,
Call uflice.
HOUSE— 7 ROOMS: MODERX MPBO
ments: opp. Garfield sq. Apply 1216 Treat ay.
I>ESTAUR ANT, WITH BAKERY; KI.-l'l- r-
X\j able patrons. Apply on premises, 416Va Ellis.
RD WARE-STORE, NEW AND SEOND-
XI haud, at half price, or lots to suit; call imme-
diately; a bargain. 646 Mission St.
WELL-ESTABLISHED CITY NURSERY,
cheap, 510 Howard st.
Cj9OX PIUNTING-PRESS; FOOT-POWER;
<JP— — <^» plenty type; bargain. 8., box 6. Call.
BIG BARGAIN IN A RESTAURANT IN ONE
of the best country and railroad towns in the
State; best location; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress Bargain, box 109, Call Office.
RUGSTORE FOR A SONG— PAYING BUSl-
nes*, In good locality: fixtures comple:e and
rent low: but small capital necessary we must
sell. Address M. N., care of Call Office. Oakland.
POX DRUGSTORE IN THE DOWN-
-T town business portion of this city. For par-
tlculara apply to MACK & CO., 11 Front st.
ANTED-TO PURCHASE AN ESTA
»» lished Republican newspaper in California
county seat. Address Newspaper Man, box 166
this office.
I>ARTNEK \VANTKD TO INVEST $2000 IN
X profitable manufacturing business; large stock:
no debt. Address 1... box 18, Call Office.
VOR RENT-HOUSE AND 3 ACRKSOFGAR-
JL 1 den land at Melrose: rent -? 500. C. C, 42 Turk.
IpiRST-CLASS 1 SALOON F(iR 1 SALE; | LOCA-
. tion; trade; lease. Particulars address F. C.,
box 119, Call Office.
"I OB PRINTERS ATTENTION— ONE-HALF
O interest in one of the largest job offices In San
Jose for sale: par'y desires 'o reiire: a splendid ;
Opening foragoo.l ouisidc man. Address Printer,
A'l North Tenth St., srii Jose. Cal.
ONE OF THE BEST PAYING MILLINERY
Stores in town oi 12,C00 inhabitants In south-
ern California, for sale at a barguin; exceptional
opportunity. For particulars address R. L. rOP-
-I.IIZ & CO., 545 Market st.
RARE CHANCE, FOB MAN AND WIFE ■
- with a tew hundred dollars to secure a well- !
establis ied and paying 1 nsineas; living rooms at-
-1 tached: see owner on premises. 603 Stanyon St.,
; orner Haieht: noagenis.
S9 9^ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, BTA-
»In."— O. tionery store: 4 living-rooms; r.-nt $18;
no agents. 841% Firth st.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST- ■
vjr ment of about $50,000 in S3fe commercial
business. Address K. D.. box 43. this office.
QA A A ROUTE FOR BALE; KVEnTxTJ
*T'fJ\J\J\J. paper: pays $150 per month. Apply
this office. :•
LODGING-HOUSIiS JOE SALE.
T^JOTlclc^Tb^nLTuvTlNTri'foi-i— FOB SALE;
1> from Sl5O to $5000. STRAND <fc CO, 49 ! bird.
"I Q ROOMS-BEST CORNEH IN CITY...SI,«JO
1O 14 rooms, on Geary st 830
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders 3,5'!0
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell 700)
32 rooms to exchange for real estate I.6HJ
10- room house: very central 250
H. c. DECKER, 1206 Markf t St., cor. Taylor.
HOUSE S3 BOOMS; ON ACCOUNT DEPART-
ure. VROLL <fc LLOYD, 719 Markl st.
OUSK OF 8 BOOMS; ALLRENTED;
ly rnmlshed: bargain. H., bax 77. Call.
T ODGING-UOUSh;, v.llll FRUITSTORE;
XJ cueap: easy lermß. 3129 Sixteenth st.
I (£if*X(\ Ift BOOMS; RENT $40; INCOME
I*>O«_)U. $100; all rented and ail conveniences.
303 Third st.
i L'OK BALE— LODOING-HOI SEOF23 ROOMS;
, -T ch?ap for cash. Inqtnre 1235 Market st.
I'OBN .VI ... civ SAI.K.
ARPKTsT^FOLO i X(; -BKD, loux<TeTTox^
) tension-table, icechest. 323 Scott st.. cor. oak.
! Ty EDUCTIONS LABGK > illx;K, NEW AXl>
Jt serond-l-.and: 400 carpot... good a? new. oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum. 45c: 7-
piece chamber sul:s, $i 4 50: comic? poles, 25c:
ranges, $6: cash or Installments; goods shii>UdJ
iree. T. 11. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
fT'OR BARGAINS IN PUBNITUBK AND AX-
I X 1 ticles of every description. D. McRAE, BJ9
! Mission st.
A }ToT).M^7oAlf FURNITURE COMPLETE. S3O
1~ Elegant Brussels carpet laid 450
Heavy Linoleum laid 41)0
; Floor Oilcloth v*)r.
! New Bed:ounses. our own make S5 50
sHIRKK A- SHIRKK. ISIO-12 Stockton, nr. Va'.io.
I _UI£.I)ING ANli LOAN ASSOOIATIOX
j pONTINKNI'AL BUILDING AND LOAN A-
I \J sociation— Home office, 222 Sausonie st., S. F
General savings <fc loan business. Ed K. Hill, Pret.:
! Oliver Eld ridse V.Pr.; W Corbln.aec.JtGen.MaaHOTSF.S TO II-
Q»l9 LOWER FLAT. 3 JANE PLACE, OFF
Ql^« Pine St., near Mason.
Q UNNY CORNER FLAT, 7 ROOMB, BATH ;
O rent $27 50. 333 Halghi si.. ■ >r. Webster.
EDUCED TO ?16— 2-STORY HOUSE OF 5
■i-v sunny rooms and bath; in good condition; 680
Ash ave'. near McAllister and Buchanan sts.
MADISON Jc BURKE.
, on TWENTY-THIRD, NEAR HAMPSHIRE—
I— O 6 rooms; bath; yard; rent *17.
C«9r HOCBS OF 6 LARGE BUNNY ROOMS
O— O. bath. 624 Ellis st,: water free.
Q7 3 ROOMS: REAR. 72 JUNIPER, OFF
»7 1 . Folsom. bet- Tenth and Eleventh.
"CfOA REDUCED FROM NICE"M< i OERN
CDOU. home of 8 rooms. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AXD BATH AXD
yard; 147 Valencia st. : rent $16. Apply 2538
Mission.
QAVBD—DOLLARS DIMES AXD NICKELS
O by rentlnc a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MONT) 10 Montcomery si,
COTTAGES TO LKT.
010 COTTAGE OF 4 BONN! IUiOM^
. I_. hall, basement, large yard, chicken-house.
121 Eureka St., nr. Eighteenth.
OUNXY COTTAGES OF 4 AXD 5 ROOMS,
O batn. basement and yard. 634 15th, nr. Dolores.
J. yardTflow-
J J ers: oulyf2O. SPEOK .v CO., 602 Market st.
CO -/> CHEAP COTTAGK; 11 RUSSELL
t^iJ.OVJ. St., nr. cor. Hyde and Union.
poTTAGE; POCB ROOMS; $9. 327 ci'MBER-
\J land, bei. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
QUNNI COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS; BATH, FI.OW-
O cr garden: location rine: S2O. 74'J Capp st.
I RNISB ED HOUSES.
H^OUSE OF iTTa ! B NNY ROOMS,GAR-
den and stable; few boarders if desirable. Call
from 2 to 4. 819 Lombard st.
FLATS TO LET.
1 (••>- 1 i 5 E UPPER FLATT~6
.1 U.-») rooms and bath. $20; lower flat. 5 rooms.
and bath, $IS. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
9] fl FAIB OAKS BT.— HANDSOME NEW
— -L "t'i lower flat: T> rooms and bath: $17 50; sun
nil day. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery st.
LAVE., nr. Bl chaxan st.— new
upper flat ; 6 rooms and bath: $20: sunny. G.
H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
©19 UPPER i FLATUS ROOMS; BATH.
qpJua. 109 Rh': St., near Valencia.
3T"9" Jfl AT 4 ROOMS, HALL AXD YARD.
0 I_. 444 Clementina st., near Six tli
1 5 - t HAIOHT, NEAR fFILMOKE^VIaT, 4
1U I i sunny rooms, basement: rent $11-
9 NEW, ELEGANT. BUNNY, CORNER
*- flats of 6 rooms and bath. 1W33 Eighteenth st.
<() 2 SUNNY FLATs>; 3 ROOMS EACH. 37
•_•'. I'ore St., 01T Harrison, nenr Ninth.
9 UPPER BAY-WINDOW SUNNY FLATS;
— newly papered Sand 7 rooms; 318 Shot well
ct. 1811 Church st.
7T77T FIVE SCNNY 11OO5IS AND BATH.
»J)JV/. 10 Tilden St., one block wes: Of Castro
and Fifteenth.
QUNNY, MODERN 5-ROOM FLATS. 914
J Capp st., near Twenty- fourth.
TmNFTbasEM E v ROOMS; YARD;
-T cheap. 724 Central aye., near McAllister St.
A ROOMS; BA B BISCOND FLOOR; «15:
1 4 rx)ms: largo VBrd: unfinished basement: $16;
location charming: rooms clean and in good re-
pair. DEMPSTER, 36 Park aye.
ITPPER FLA 27SHDTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
j handsomely papered; bath; basement: qule:
bo me for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
•VTEW* SUNNY FLAT— BOOMS, BATH;
-i-> rent $25; water free; modern conveniences.
792 Clayton st.
'HEAP REXT-$l4 AND $10; 6 ROOMS AND
\J bath and 3 rooms. 641 Valencia st.
1 7fi£ POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM FLATS; BATH;
1 i UO garden; rent $13 mid $16.
T/LAT, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, $20; COTTAGE, 6
X rooms, $15. Key 1706 Hyde St.
T'lNi:>( NNYUPFER > LAT; 7 ROOMS, BATH
X and improvements. Corner Oak and Scot; sts. '
YEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS, WITH HATH; NEW
j.' Improvements. 2936 California St.
INTII ROOMS, BATH, THIRD FLOOR; NO
children:? 12 50: quiet, snnnv, clean attractive
DEMPSTER, 86 Glen Parlt aye., oil Twelfth st
IVE LARGE BOOMS. FRONT AXD REAR
-T yards, sunny; $25. 22 Twelfth St., between
Mission and Howard.
T^LAYoFi SU XNYROOMSTyaRD. $14: ALSO
T sunny cotta?e, 4 rooms, yard, cellar, $11. Sec-
ond st». hear Townsend.
CORNER FLAT OF £ ROOMS. BATH
JLi and every known convenience. 1239 Pinest.
jnLAT— UPPER PLAT OF 4 sunny ROOMS
-T a: I bath: 1262 Eighteenth St.; rentsl3: new
building. BALDWIX & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
Komery st.
QQ 'sUNNY UPPER 3-ROOM FLAT. 522
00 ■ Howard St., near First.
SI NNY FLAP S ROOMS: GARDEN: ALSO I
one 4 rooms, bath: $13 and $16. 1706 Posi st.
(»1 FLAT Of 6 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
i^)XtJ, and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
et , bet. Noe and Sanchez.
QIC FLAT OF 6 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
•_ it), and bath; water free. 25 Ford s:.. bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
T7LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BS^
Xj low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
\* EW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: CASTRO
-^ cable: 6 rooms, bath: $15, was $22: see photo-
graph. S. D. HOVEY. 508 California st.
AVED-DOLLAHS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN <fc HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery at.
* WEEK'S NEWB FOR 5 CENTS-^THE
- V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Bryant Street.
BRYANT — ONE OR TWO SUNNY
lOu rooms: nicely furnished for housekeeping.
JJore Street.
1 j- DORE— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS UN-
X^iO furnished; rent $10.
Eddy Street.
71 qy.DDY-FCRNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
i l.iJ rooms.
Ellis Street.
79A ELLIS— 3 LABGE CONNECTING
• .— U rooms; partly furnished for housekeeping.
_______
fifth Street.
A 9QI FIFTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS AND
T^Oa kitchen furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
Fourth street.
J.QI FOURTH — NICELY FURNISHED
tti/-L rooms for housekeeping; private family;
cheap rent.
l"ulton Street.
91 O FULTON — ROOMS FURNTSHBD COM-
wIO pletefor hongekeeplng; clean; s:is; bath.
iifary Street.
"I qi "I GEARY, OPP. THE PARK— SI 6; AL-
lwl X cove suite Vid adioining room, with oor-
caialnsink; bath: 3 closets: partly furnished.
7 GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
• flining-room, spwing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all neceasartes; $24.
Golden Gate ATenue.
OA9 GOLDEN GATE AYE. -LARGE SUNNY
OV/O rooms, suitable for housekeeping.
Grand Avenue.
r 7 GRAND AYE. — FRONT SUITE AND
JLI kitchen; suitable for respectable family; all
conveniences.
Harrison Ntreet. "~
1 fil A HARRISON, NR. TWELFTH-5 ROOMS
JLOJLU furnished for housekeeping; all sunny.
Howard Street.
QA HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
V^.\J keeping rooms; bath.
SIN N FURNISHED ROOMS, WIHT| OR
without housekeeping-. 1121 Vi Howard st. pri-
vate family.
1 1 9Q A HOWARD— FINE SUNNY BUITK OF
.1 1 «-O front rooms; furnished complete for light
housekeeping; elegant antique oak foidin^-bVd,
new Brussels carpet, cook-stove, bed-'ouiigi*; large
cioset: $13 per month; in an American family:
none but gotx-r, quiet people need apply. • - ; ■•-_
Hyde Street.
9fiq HYDE— SUNNY ROOMS FURNISHED
— ''•> for housekeeping; private family: no chil-
dren.
Jessie Street.
100 JESSIE, BEAB OF MINT-2 NICE
*iO«J housekeeping rooms; also single; cheap.
I.<-avenwortli Street.
TWO UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
keeping. ith yard. Call 203 I>-avenworth st.
Uarket Street.
1 -HO MARKET- 8 NICE ROOMS; FUR-
X OVJO nished for housekeeping. '
311wnion >treet.
Ol P. MISSION-TWO LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
OXO furnished complete for housekeeping; bath;
toilet.
QOQ MISSION — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
000 furnished witn everything; $6, 58 amenth.
Q9XI MISSION ST.— COMPLETELY FUR-
•' — •-'•; nished sunny housekeeping rooms; ex-
luslve bath and porch.
Ninth Street.
' .HO NINTH— FLAT OF SIX FURNISHED
• •' '_ rooms complete for housekeeping: low rent.
O'l-arreil Street.
r^9^l O'FARRELL— TWO SUNNY UNFUB
\J4*\j'£ nished rooms: otic larnialied room. 1
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
Post Street.
Q99 POST ST. -TWO NEAT FURNISHED
»'— — ; rooms for housekeeping; rent $10.
i owell Street..
jfkfk POWELL-3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
11/ i./ housekeeping; lady's board taken for rent.
South ParK.
1 A SOUTH PARK— SUNNY FURNISHED
X\J rooms for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
ji- SOUTH PABK— B FURNISHED HOUSE-
J.U keeping rooms, $9; and others.
Stockton Street.
1 TAO STOCKTON-2 LARGE ROOMS FUR-
X I UO uished complete for housekeeping; rent
$11.
Third Street.
I_JO THIRD ST.— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
-L"±O rooms; complete; front; bath: gas.
THIRD, CO 1 . SOUTH PARK— FUR-
OXO nished housekeeping rooms; range and
running water.
Twelfth Street.
1 IC TWELFTH. NI 1 1. 1. V FURNIBHED
JLtJtU housekeeping rooms: also single.
Vallejo st reel.
1 9Q91 VALLEJO — FURNISHED ROOMS
-l^OZa for light housekeeping.
Van >ess Aveune.
-1 H9l van Niss. ; NEAR GEARY — TWO
IU-1 adjoining rooms: hot and cold water; new
house; renl low. .
■Washington Street.
rnn WASHINGTON— STJNNV UNFURNISH-
OU_ cii liousi'kceiiiug rooms: running water.
ROOMS TO I,K'r.
llryaut Street.
- < 1 BRYANT— PLEASANT SUNNY BOOMS;
«J"T"1 private family: reasonable.
Devismlero Street.
I 7f)^ DEVISADERO— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
X I \JO nished rooms, tfh to $6 a month.
l-.tidy Street.
9Q EDDY-NICELY FURNISHED BOOMS:
— .0 single and double; terms reasonable.
1 1 5 EDDY— SUNNY BOOMS, NEWLY FUR-
J 1O nished. $5 up: also few light housekeeping.
Ellis street.
Ol 7 ELLIS — NICELY FURNISHED AL-
Ol i cove: Blncles; double; $8 up: light house-
keeping.
'.')') E1.1.1s newia FUBKISHED SUXXY
'' — — room; hot and cold water; $9.
UOR ELLIS NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
—*J ny parlors and from room: reasonable.
Everett Street.
i'\ EVERETT-SUNNY SINGLE FURNISH
*-> 1 cd room, S4 per month.
Fifth Street. — ~
q9^ FIFTH— FURNISHED SINGLE ROOMS,
OJ.O $5 to $8. .
Garden Street.
n GARDEN ST., NR. DEVISADERO— 4
rooms, $10: all modern improvements.
(•olden Oate Avenue.
99Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 NEWLY FUR-
■——'-' nished front connecting rooms.
qqn golden gate aye.— sunny FRONT
«J*JU room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family;
reasonable.
Uough Street.
1 1 90 GOUGH— SUNNY STTITE OF ROOMS;
XX^XJ furnished or uufurnislifd; references.
Hayes Street.
7qq HAYES-HANDSUME PARLOR SUITE
1 OO or Other rooms; dresser attached.
■j Hickory Avenue
qOQ HICKORY AYE. -4 ROOMS AND BATH.
OOP Inquire 601 Hayes st.
Howard Street.
Q*9l HOWARD — HOUSE CHANGED
«7«J«J2 hands: newly renovated top to bottom.
iTRNISHEIi FRONT, ALSO HOUSE-
J keeplng room. 704 Howard.
74.9 HOWABD— FURNISHED , SIN-
I JEw gle front roonis for a week up.
*>yde Street.
A[\O HYDE-LARGE SUNNY FUBNISHED
Ivi) front room.
■muhnisiled ROOMS, SINGLE or en
-T suite: sun all day; housekeeping if necessary.
fe()9 Hyde St., nr. Sutter.
Jessie Street.
'If JESSIE-4 ROOMS UNFURNISHED^
Jones Street.
9fi7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—\J I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
Kearny street.
* RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY—
J\. aut sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clasj
in every respect: terms reasonable.
aiarfcet Street.
7q7 MARKET, OPP. GRANT AYE.— NEWLY
O I furnished rooms; en suite or single; day,
week or month; prices reasonable.
T7VT Q MA RKET. ABOVE SIXTH. IN REAR-
J-"-L V Light, airy, sunny furnished rooms; cheap.
"yOSEMTT E HOUSE, 1045 MARK ICt7 UET.
X Sixth and Beveuth— Single and suites; per
nlgbt, 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families
TT99 MARKET— FURNISHED
11— suites: also single rooms; 5=2 to $6 week.
1 QACi MARKET-THE MONARCH-SUNNY
lOlu furnisned rooms single or en suite ; all on
first floor; fj-om $6 upward.
I C||Q MARKET— NICE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
IOUO offices.
TTNFURNISHED ROOMS. 81 2 M A R K
«J Van Ness House: sunny and large.
3lason Street.
9Jf ASON, NEAR MARKET— ELEGANTLY
furnished sunny front room: 1 or 2 gents.
/I "I n MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
*i-L I front suites, suitable for doctor's oflice.
>iißBion Mreet.
Q' O MISSION— 2OR 3 ROOMS; FURNISHED
yt)O for housekeeping; cheap; private family.
UROPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Moss Street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
XO'2 furnished rooms for house Keeping.
. Minna Street.
OOI7 MINNA,' COR. EIGHTH — NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
Pine Street.
1 r (\cy PINE— 3 SUNNY PARTLY FUR*-
XO\J4 nished front rooms; $15.
Folk^Street.
I 7 I'OLK-URUE SUNNY ROOMS ,*l2; SIN-
II ele $4 up; also housekeeping.
Q97 POLK, COR. O'FAKRELL — NICELY
O^l furnished sunny rooms: housekeeping if
des.red. ,
1 neyr pout ST.-NICELY furnished
JU-I room, with use of parlor; music teacher
preferred owning piano. ." ■ r.
Post Street.-
Q1 C* POST— 2 NEATLY FURNISHED SIN-
•/1 «J gle rooms: gas and bath ; $5 and $6.
1 PL9I POST— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
lu^l single ordouble; terms reasonable.
iiuas Street.
OJ3 RUSS— 2 NICE HOUSEKEEPING RMS.j
O^4 neatly furnished.
Sixth Street.
9 a SIXTH, NEAR MARKET— NICELY FUR-
O nished front suite.
qq SIXTH — THE UILLSDALB, SUNNY
00 rooms; single and en suite: $1 to $1 60 a day.
91 91 SIXTH — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
AL^.-> room; grate, bath. . - -
Sherwood Place.
1 Q SHERWOOD, OFF THIRD, BET. MISSION
XO and Howard— ss a month ; 2 unfurnished rms.
Stevenson Street.
979 STEVENSON— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
£.% -* suitable for tailor-shop; good light; rent?".
Stockton Street.
1 qi A STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
JLO-i-tr doctor or dentist; nicely furnished ; cheap.
. butter Street.
9fil A SUTTER-NICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT;
i-Ulttsun all day; modern: $16.
Taylor Street.
r99 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED
>)_— rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. ' " "-'-.".
f» I 9 TAYLOR, NEAR POST— 2SUNNY HALL
\JXZi bedrooms.
Third Street.
TXriNCHESTER HOUSE— THIRD, NEAR
»l Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night; *1 50 to $6 per week:
electric lights in every room: reading r'm ; tree bus.
97«0 THIRD-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FUR-
ZXj*i nisbed; $1 25 per week. .
Turk Street.
"I 90 TURK-2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; RENT
JL*-O reasonable. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
KOOMS TO I.ET— Continued.
Van ess Avenue.
qn9 VAN NESS AYE. —HANDSOMELY
tjyj^i ftirnlshei parlors, en suite or separate.
r\(\\ VAN N).SS AYE.-SUNNY FRONT
OKJX suite: also sunny bay-window room.
&0& V A XX S S AYE.-COMFORTABLE
O\J(J sunny front room for gentleman.
JHlscellnneoug. -
FULTON HOUSE, ol'l'. CITY HALL— FUR-
nished roonis. single or en suite: $H ami $16 un.
UNFURNISHED ROOM -.
oqi O'FARRELI^TuNI^URSfHH^rRMin
*JUX upper floor; bath; 2 rooms; use of furnished
kitchen in basement. .
iJOAKl>i>iti A.\l> KOOAtS?
9] q LEAVEN WO Ri r IT!:
"^A. nl3hed suite of parlors and single rooms
with first-class board.
1 QI 9 BUSH-NICELY FUBNIS&SD SUN-
XVX-J ny room with or without board.
"yOUNG GIRL (SCHOOLGIRL PREFERRED), j
JL can nave hoard and room for companion sake. 1
bO3_i o Stockton St., nr. I'lne.
41 0 HYDE— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
j:Jv» front bay-window room, with privilege of
parlor und piano; ttrat-clas3 board.
(\O({ EDDY— SUNNY SI [1 ES, it4s UPWARD;
\J~\J single, $20 upward; best board reasonable.
rriHE WINDERMERE. FAMILYIiOTEL, 1401
J- Van Ness aye., cor. Bu»h st. : everything new
and fresh: excellent board; no Chinese employed.
fjqq GOLDEN GATE AYE.-FINELY FUR"
U«J«J nished rooms with lirst-class board; reason-
able.
\TEW GOLDEN GATE HOTEL. 134 AND 136
-I-' Fourth s:.: new furniture and carpets through-
out; table first class: terms reasonable: American
plan; free bus to and from depot.
OTEL BERTLIXG, 711 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
CHILDKESs HOAItDED.
OlTr^v6^^i?LliirEir^O^lwAirDTllA- A
Xjiaughter 15 years of age. 1505 Twenty-fourth st.
ONE OR 3 CHILDREN TO BOARD :"rOOM
for parent if desired; no other children. 123
Germania si.
LADY WISHES SMALL CHILD TO BOARD:
ri'iineu home; no otlirr children. 618 Eddy st.
STOKf.S TO 1.1 I.
OAf* SECOND — FINE LABGE STOBB IN
— \.'\) sood business neighborhood; 830, UMB-
sen, 14 Montgomery st.
Z\(\(\ NINTH— CORNER STORE; 3 ROOMS
O\J\J and iixtures: low rent. - . 1
Q TORE 10x26; NO ROOMS; HAXDY FOR OF-
-0 fice or any little business; rent cheap. 318
Leavenworth St., near Ellis.
TORE; 1524 HOW AKD ST., COR. OF LA-
i^ rayette; fixtures for saloon; cheap rent. Apply
2838 Mission st.
17108 RENT— LARGE 1 >Vf < » f" F I C E AN D
-T pnrt of store. 221 und 223 Market st.
'.•r'FI i."Xu> id L..XT.
lT^l?h6^SM7 cll¥Ari^N^C^o9 KETß^ ;^'
X) St., room S.
17OR RKNT— AN OFFKMC, WITH FIXTURES
F for sale, or a portion thereof to lease. EDWIN
K. a Lsi P & CO.. 9 rotunda. Mills building, 8. F. •
piREE RENT (I<s MONIH) GIVEN UOOD
F tenants; cottages, flats, *5 up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market Bt.
IM.Et.ANT OFFICES l INJ NEWi SPRECKBL3
I-i building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
tn»rfre for cas. janitor services or hei!ii!S- Apply
»t building or ti. H. UMBSKX «t CO.. 14 Montg. s:.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
E.\NT .SEW UPRIGHT PIANO; CASH
Jor installments; one square, $40. 211 Larkin.
TfiOTJK FINE UPBIGHTS t IN OUR BARGAIN
X 1 rtom this week, mid they are sp.cially line
bargains; tli. v are worch much more tnau we usk
for them: they win sell quickly, so don't de'.av
calline. THE J. DEWING CO., warerooms second
iioor, Flood building. 100 pianos to selecc: irom.
AN ELEGANT CHICK ERING PIANO WILL j
eX. be sacritlcrd at once by party removing from '
the city: must be sold tit once, therefore don't de-
lay calling. Room 21, Flood building.
AGNIFICENT STKINWAY PIANO OF-
fered for sale by private party who must real-
ize cash at once. Room 10, Flood building.
4 N UPRIGHT PIANO, GOOD TONE. DUR- .
;\ able and only slightly usert. worth $300, will '
sell for about half that. noom 21, 809 Market st.
/ ' REAT BARGA] IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
vt Piano House, 216 Post st.
nrU.O. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'» rell, room 1. first door: take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or installments.
VfEW UPRIGHT PIANO CHEAP on AC-
i-i count of removal. 723y 2 McAllister st.
"■VTICE UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR $75.
X\ Bm. 10, 809 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT PARLOR ORGAN; MUST
sell; nearly new. 313 Devlsadero St.
B OUB NEW KENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling |i anoa baa met with preat success
we have decided tocontinne supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it; please call and
has-e 11 explained. SHERMAN. CLAY & Co.
corner Kfitrny und Sutter sis.
<B{ 1 77\ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; BER
qPJ lU . upright; perfect order. 10 ■ Van Ness.
XTEW YORK MAKEI PKIQHI GRAND $165;
Weber $275. BRUEXN'S, J2&Post st.
I EMOYED— FT" W.~S PENC I-rif&~COrTO 338
J -\> Post St., near Powell, sole agents Conover,
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
ECKER BROS., STEIN WAY .FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
T?ASY TERMsT;LOW PRICES. KOHLER <fc
CHASE.
AN ELEGANT DISPLAY OF MANDOLINS,
guitars and banjos at MA U AIS', 769 Market.
1?1XE PIAXO FOR SALE OR RENT CHEAP.
X BCHMIT2.I6 McAilWterst.,nxt Hibernia Bank
BYRON MAU2Y, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Brlgga and other pianos.
OUPERTOR YKi).iNs, ZITHERS, old* new
1 H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlacc.
STE 1 N WAY. $215: WE B KR," $266; SOMEB,
$237; Wily, |125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
pHICKERINO, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: special Inducements for the holi-
days; see our new piano for $187; pianos for rent:
open evenings. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16
O'Farrell.
■piAKOS—
-1 Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. 785 Market, st.
A RRIVED-A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
. V grade v. L. Neumann' piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, *S2
Ninth st.
AINES BROS.' PIANO — a SUPERB IN-
strument, surpassing any piano thatwehava
hitherto handled: we invite a critical inspection.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post su
OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
The fioett line of new pianos for rent and sals
in Sa;i Francisco. .J. HARRY SCOTT,
529 Market st., Spreckels buildin?.
pHKAPEST AND b¥sT IN AM ERICA- Tli I,
V.- WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
v nited .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. . *
KDDt'AI
TL^ENC^ITsI*XNISH"ETrr'l > R()F.I)i I lI.IIM'Es
X I Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
OPANISH ACADEMY BY CASTILIaN PRO-
O fessor; 3 day or 2 evenine class lessons per
week, $3 month; also painting academy, specialist
in flowers, landscapes, etc., 3 class "lessons per
week, $3 month. 1170 Market St., room 37.
SPANISH ACADEMY— A." P. ALVAREZ, ED-
>^ Itor Spanish dally newspaper: daily lessons $4
per month; alternate lessons $3 per month; Cas-
tillau professors. 420 Montgomery st.
NGLISH BRANCHES TADOHT; PRIVATE
or class; ail ages; moderate. MISS V. a. DIL-
LON, Supreme Court building, 305 Larkin, rm. 98.
MRS. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 520 Sutter St.; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and el cution; ladiej ana
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays: appearances arranged.
}. ENGLISH, LATIN", MATHEMATICS, ENG-
J lish literature a speclaltv. MISS POULSTON
7'J4 O'Farrell st.
M TSS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
XU. St.— Board. English, French, pi« no, dancing.
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior ednca-
tionatlow figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
TT'NGLISH LITERATURE AXD MYTHOLOGY"
XJ class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st]
I>ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—'
if Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL SL ECT CAJj, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; eßtab. '64. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
QTU DENTS PREPARED FOR THE DNIVKB-
-0 sily, law and medical colleges; davand evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley, Col. T. S. BOWENB, M. A., Principal.
10LIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
V taught. Prof. L.MERKI, 226 Geary reasonable
ALMEB E. HYEIt, TEACHER OF PIANO,
j£\. banjo, mandolin. 405 Geary st., room 17.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
J. ing, shorthand, etc. Btlehl's College, 728 Murkeu
OPaNISII, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST STi
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. • Write for catalogu e.
\TIGHTSCHOOL;UEALD'S BUS. COLLEGE 24
X> Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low ratev
■\7"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable,, PROF. FRANCIS, 1045V2 Valencia.'
TThe'mTsTß Y~ANI) r ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham'a School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236
Market ; send for cat.; day and evening session.
— - ■ '
PERSONALS.
Y^WIF^LOmSA^MO^I^RT^fAvTNQ
J-'A left my bed and board, I will not be responsi-
ble for any bills or debts contracted by her from
this date, Jan. 4. 1896. HENRY MOELLER.
JOHN FAIRHURST, AN ENGLISHMAN,
'J well known in Santa Cruz. Felton and San Fran-
cisco. Any information concerning him will be
thankfully ■. received by his wife, MRS. ROSE
FAIRHURST, box 56, Call Oflice. ,-
WANTED— TO EXCHANGE ~ UNIXCUM-
" bered lots for house ren: north of Market st.,
in respectabls neighborhooi. Call or address 321
Guerrero st. ;
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR REMOVE PERM A.
k_? uently; painless; sample treatment free: hair-
dressinsr. short hair cut, curled 25e: positive cure
for dandruff. MME. KESSINGS, 131 Larkiu st.
1?OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
X CBASSBB, 78 and 79 Center Market.
ANCING FOR . BALLROOM OR STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE-
JV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St., Oakland. Cal.
MI LOKskL, ELECTRICIAN. REMOVED
i'l trotn cor. Leavenworth and O'Fdrrell sts. to
402y 3 Geary st., room 3.
TMPORTEO HAVANA," KEY WEST AND
X high-grade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar,
itiJT Devtsadero St.. near Sutter. ;
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and X'ewspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars aadress or apply 424
Pine stl
V\T ALL PAPER CLE.4 NE BY NEW LIGHT-
't nins: process; no muss or dirt. Address
LOUISE. SC'HOLL. National Wall Paper Clean-
Ing CO., 207 Montgomery St.
DVICE FBEB; DIVORCE ANDPROBATI
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE, att'v-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktoo.
AIR-DRESSING AN STY LE,2Sc, WA VI
included: excellent switches and front pieces
forsl: hair chains made to order from $2 50 up;
strictly one price; established 1869. 11l Ktockto'i
st. B. Sl'lTZ, G. LEDEUER successor. .
T E. I'iTILLIPS, GENERAL PRACTICE IN
XJ. U. S. and state courts; darnase cases. Offices
725-726 Spreckels building, 927 Mnrket st.
C( ) M E , HAVE YOUR FEATHER BKDS. PlL-
lows filled. 870 Mission, cor. oth. o. McCABE.
<£• 1 A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<U> 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
1 LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
■X-J chester House, 44 Third s!., near Market: 200
rooms, 2. to $1 50 per night; $1 50 10 $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
\JRS. M. 11. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
i-'L Ypsilanti I'nion Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout flgues.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennss Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outiits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Fraucisco.
HICKS' DETECTIVE AGENCY— A DDREB3-
-es located: experienced and trieu men for
city and country; watchmen and guides furnished;
Information and advloe striotlv confidential. Call
or write HICKS, 610 Spreckels bids;, s)-.'7 Market st
"VI" EW PROGRESSIVE WINDOW ANDHOL'SE
i-' clennjiii: o. jiloora scrubbed :eontracts -da v wk
or mo. F. CARXOVAL & C 0..29. .29 EdSy. tel. 5.252.
j A VERITE HAIRDRESSING PARLORB
Ji moved to 30 Kearny st. (over Maskey's) : wigs,
switches, doll wigs, to oraer.
OHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutter St., between Stockton st. and Gran: «ye..
where the oest of coal can b • had at lowest prices.
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks. $14 to
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
>iik Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Hlovhs and Ranees $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash 01 tim^ payments- J. NOonav,
1017. 101 ft. 1021, 1023 Mission st., abovo Sixth.
IfiGYFTIAN HENNA, $1 ; HAIRDYE. PER-
XJ tectly harmless. Lan^ley-Mlchaels Co.; all
chemists; [nbbard's 923, Hauptll's. 1166 Market.
I IBEIiAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOXDS, JEW-
I 1 elry. etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
II II 'ti BUSINESS CARDS, $1 60; VELE-
IUI'U phone "Black 141." HIM.. 72 Market
UITS MADE TO ORDER OF ELEGANT
O remnants for $10; samples and self-measure-
mem on application. LEON LEMos, Merchant
Tailor, 1332 Market st.. sa:i Francisco.
SECOND-HAND as well as new BARS,
O showcases, counters, shelving*, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scalps, ef*., and a VGry large stock of
them, too: be sure aad see stock and get prices be-
fore joins elsewhere. J. NOONAN, 1017, 10ia
1021, 1023 Mission st.. above Sixth,
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND BOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
"Cj 1 9 si LTB TO I RDER; SAMPLE BY Mai
C 1 — NEUHAUS. Uerchani Tailor. 115 Kearny.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITtTRETAILED AT
\J mfrV cost. Factory, 20 sansome *t.. upstair v
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIEd
rio'hinz bOneht. I.ii.MAX. 41 Third st.
L» -j •■, i>l A K.iiitS.
UITS~S3; SKIRTS 75^?OIILT)R^N
$1 up. 559 Stevenson st.; ilt guaranteed.
RKSBEB, $2 AND UP; WRAPPERS. 35c
and up. 50i Natoma st., upstairs.
1) ROFESSOR LIVINGSTON'S DRESS-CUT-
ling school removed to 627 Larkin Bt.
RESSEs CUT AND FITTED, $3: DRESSES
populßr ru".ct»B: engatrpmens by >litv. 11 Geary.
CLAIKVOYAMs.
A. ' '• WONDEFUL (JIFTS."
CALL THEM WHAT YOU MAY. ■ ■- ;
People of San Francisco as well as other cities
marvel at bis power. Lawyers, speculators,
business men of all jfrades, ladies from every
walk In life together sound his praises for
the benellts they have received. His
1 parlors are always lilled with anxious
people seeking reliable information, and every
replyls most gratifying: all are pleased; Pro-"
fessor Eogene gives advice on busMioss,
speculations. Investments, love, courtship,
marriage and divorce; tl<-s lovers'
• quarrels, reunites the separated nnd
causes a speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your choice: he locates mines and burled
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies,
removes evil Influences, gives advice per-
taining to lawsuits, locates and recovers
old estates: developing mediums a
specinlty; the troubled and unfortunate should
seek his counsel; thousands of families long
separated bave been reunited i>y his efforts;
thousands of bsarts made glad through his
truthful predictions; he i-< the only clair-
voyant on earth recognized by the
profession as their brightest star: all persons un.
successful in business, who seem to be unlucky,
should visit him. seek his aid and start nrtuht';
thousands have become wealthy through
his advice: he is ever ready "to tisHisi
those with capital to find a safe und
good-paying Investment: young men starting In
business will find it greatly to their advantage
to consult him on all matters of financial in-
terest to themselves. Professor Eugene
Should not be classed with the ninny cheap
pretenders who infest cities and bring
disrrputf! to the profession. His past ittocesses in
matters of greal Import are a positive
guaranty of bis power to perform the won-
ders that bave made him famous. ah
aro invited to can. Hours 9a. m. to 8 p. m.
Letters with stamps answered. 1728
Market st., purlors 1, 2, 3 and 4.
ME. MORKAU. BKST MJfDICMj KE\ E.M.s
past.present and future ;25c up. 764 Howard si.
I>ROF. LEON, PALMIST, CLAIRVOYANT,"
A has wonderful power: will convince you when
othersfall. 533 Post -t.. daily 9 to 8; also Sunday.
MISS MKLVINA AMERICAN, OLAtRVOV-
i' I- anl and_card reader. 766V2 Howard st.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CARKIFkrom"
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 865^ Market.
PRESENT, PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
X LEGGETTE, 311 Tehamajt., near Fourth.
MME. RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAILY:
names given, 2Sc up; systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howard.
EST CLAIRVOYANT AND CARD READER
on earth; ladies and gents. 25c. 206 Fourth st.
VI ME. STEWART, GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
l'l anil cardrcader. seventh daughter of the sev-
enth daughter, has returned io her old rooms in
»an Fraucisco; ladies and gents 60c; call nt once
as she is going East soon. 917 Market St., parlors
3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC RKVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, fnture: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing ezcepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
posslble; f,-e $1: letter $2. 929 Post St., nr. Larkin.
AUGUVI'A LEOLA, FORTUNE T E I . I . E I j
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
CILAIRVOYANT — CARD READING, 50cT
V 1 40G Octavla St.: formerly 128 Turk gt.
I'L.ILIM.,I.
WRITING CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 25c; MME.
__ YOUKU ; sittings daily. t>os McAllister st.
RST J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium : sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
STOBAGK
VERLAKD FllEToTlT^^R^N^FEir^CO^
Fifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances made. Tel, gouth 388.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSE-
liold goods, etc. J. M. PIKRCE. 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 171() MARKET—
»» Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.
"LURBT-CLASS STORAGE; ADVANCES MADIf
J 481-«2»Marfcet st. CHAa L. TAYLOR.
FINANCIAL.
PERS^NS^WH^^VAfCT 4 TO^TkR rHNT
X lnteres" a year on their money should consult
1. W. KNTZ <fe CO.. 401 California St. ■ •
NT SUM OF. MONEY -ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition oi writ*; oosa
evenings. J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission si.
CITX EKAt ESTATE.
T^DTnrjxii7~nr6irisT!rAv^
J-i Csts., Richmond Tract, cheap; must be sold;
party going away. For particulars inquire at 1805
Mission st. •
OR SALE-$7OO ; COTTAGE: L0T*.25x7.0; S2OO
cash, bfllance as rent; near cars. Apply S. H.
W., box 56, Call.
A MONG ESTABLISHED IMPROVEMENTS—
XV Fruitvale Terminal Tract. Lots *100 up.
ONEY ■ : : ~
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
• AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
OFFICE— MILLS BUILDING.
L. R. ELLERT, MANAGER.
BRIGHT, CHEERY, HEALTHFUL LOCA-
tiou— Fruitvuie Terminal Tract. LotssiOO up.
AC DOWN, $3 MONTH; CITY LOTS";
<!PJ $100 up. THE MCCARTHY CO..
1?OR HOM AND INVESTMENT— FRUIT
X 1 vale Terminal Tract. i.ots $100 up.
IT" IS A HEALTHFUL " SPOT — FP.ITVALE
1 Terminal Tract. Lots $100 up.
(JiOrft ML ST^IiE SOLD: OFFER WANTED:
<!p£O\J. this lot is worth double: 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or installments: title insurance;
see owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
<Jj* 1 WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
«Jpl. $100— Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 2axlO0: 51 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
.*2so— corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
OH AS. A. BAILEY, 16 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
T AKEVIEW LOTS: NEAR NEW RACE-
i-i track; low prices: easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market st.
VRUITVALETERMIXALTRACT; D. PRATT,
1 Yruitvale Sta. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market st.. S. F. Lots $100 up; easy terms.
CO 9 AAA SOLID 3-STORY RESIDENCE;
OJ- .\J\JyJ . 727 Golden Gate aye.: lot 25x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room; frescoing, etc. Open
for inspection.
OUSES BUILTSISO TO $2/5 A ROOM; CALL
and examine plan*. 1149 Mission at.
COLXTKY HEAL, EBIAU. "~
T^DVVIN~IC. ALSIP~&~CO^ ~
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE a SPECIALTY.
i£?l 9 f)C\(\ A PINK FARM OF 105 ACRES,
-L-i. \J\J\J. near railroad, in Contra > o ta
County: 75 acres of bottom land and
the balance Brst-claas grain land;
si<2 acres orchard and vineyard:
house of 6 rooms: stable, ciiicken-
house, etc: finest kind of sugar-beet
land.
ffj,fAAA VERY LITTLE CASH REQUIRED
±\J\J\J. as first payment: 20 acres Dear Mer-
ced, with 7 acres In fruit, 7 acres in
vineyard and the balance alfalfa
land; all nnder irrigation; good B-
room house, barn, chicken-house,
etc.; fine well of water; good loca-
tion.
(jj'^XnA A FINE PLACE WITHIN ONE
i®OU\J\J . mi!.- of sebastopo!, Sonoma County,
, consisting of 20 acres, with 12 acrps
in fruit, ii acres in vineyard; good
house and outbuildings: I erms $750
c-ashand balance in Installments; or
will trade for city property.
Apply to EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Xo. f), Kotunda, Uills i»:i:d
San Francisco.
©97^,0 A KINK PAYING MODEL RANCH
• _ — i *J\J. in Marin Co.; 12 acres; 22 miles from
San Francisco; 5 minutes to railroad station; 5
acres in choice bearing assorted orchard: 1 acre In
vineyard: soort 2-story house of 6 rooms; fine
baru. cbicken houses; net wire chicken yard; fine
well and windmill: water Diped to house and
throup-h grounds: shade trees: plenty of timber for
fuel on place; all in Al order; also "horse, harness
and cart, cow, all farm tools and some household
goods: this Is the cheapest and best home ranch
in California. I.XX & KISER,
306 Montgomery st.
J^OR SALE OB TRADR-160-ACRE GRAIN
ranch: all fenced; comfortable buildings; near
Tipton.Tulare County: price $6000. PU ILBRICK
<fc CO.. 25->8 Kolsoui. near Twenty-second.
SPAKTO TOWN AND COLONY; OnXyIToR
-1- 4 hours from the bay: the most equable climate
: of Central California, and the neighborhood of the
i next great development of electric power; equal to
j l-olsom; a part of the-llancho Canada de Opay
; Grant": unquestionably the earlies: and fines!;
I fruit oelt on the coast and superior to any for di-
I versified farming; about 000 acres. In 20-acre
farms, surrounding the town; town already con-
tains large brick blocks, a fine hotel, a fine high-
school building, water works, artesian, pure and
soft: desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
wliole interest of present owners in the colony lo;s
and town property, in lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures: it won't cost much to examine*
Is an irrigation canal on the land. Apply to GEO.
D. -yiSKE A CO., Woodland, Cal.
]?OR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OF
.1 owner— 43o-acre stock and fruit ranch (Yuba
County): fine hard finished 2-story house, comp-
letely fnmished, running water, good outbuild-
iii-'s, some stock, several mines on the plac also,
I 128 acres well improved, good buildings, in same
■j locality; terms easy. M., box 14, Ca1l Office.
To LET— 3 SMALL CHI. KK.N KANOHt.S;
$-' 50, $8 and $10 per montn. G C. YOUNG.
Petaluma.
' I^OR SALE OR EXCHANGE 240 K.CRES; 200
I level. 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits:
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced; close to large town- lo
hours trom city; $3000; part cash, ba'ance on
time: will trade for city properXv or good business.
C. 8., box 77, this office.
AJAKI.N COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
i'-L from San Francisco
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 rjer acre; terms made
to suit; send forcircular.
Improved dairy farms for s;?!e with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
ySTABLIBHED —15 YEARS?
i-i N. D. SICKELS,
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (SOOO propositions) most reliable,
largest and
Beat systematized LAND OFFICE In America.
318 Post St., bet. Stockton and Powell, 8. K.
OBANGS0 BANGS BLOSSOM COLONY, '
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
11 and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles trom Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on line between
r-tocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaqulu irrigation Company's canal ruu3 directly
through the colony und the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already plauied to Washing-
i ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th<» property is under the immediate
I direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
; who has received diplomas and medals at eight
| different county fairs in the State and for a small
{ consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
I residents. •"■->;
A lilKh and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, lnclndlng a perpetual water right
nna planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rlphts. $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
Bi.t annual payments, without Interest; titlo per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO., •-V f
638 Market Street. "; f:'.-
&an Francisco. Cal.
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
■ Oakdale, Cal.
4TO 8 ACRE CiTICKEX RANCHES ON ii)
years' credit. 1). 11. TWING, Sonoma Cit.y.Cat.
1 A ACRES, K100: MORE SAME PRICE; PAY-
i "' able $2 a week, without interest; level valley
land; railroad runs through' the tract: the best
bargain In California; securo a home; you will not,
mls3 the $2 a week: will be worth *5 to si.
WESTERN LAND COMPANY, 640 Market st.
SEND FOR OI it LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for gale. WOOSTKR cfc \V H ITTON. San Jose.
JIO.NEV TO JLOA>.
\ bNDIAMONDS.JE WELRyTeTC
XXColumblu Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 21> or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. ■ McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. :
ist AND 2D MORTGAGES: iTY OR COUN
try: administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc. MUKPHY, 688 Mkt,
ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAB-
rants. SALOMON j: CO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
ONEY LOANKD, 6V PER CENT ON
mortgages. A. F. JOHNS & CO., 632 Market st.
ONEY I.DANEU ON JEWELRY ANU
other valuables at the Security Loan Offlc?, •
1106 Market st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turit.
BORROW MoXEY OX VOUH DIAMOND^
Jewelry, fnmiture and pianos without removal;
lowest rates. Call or write to HARRY ANKEL A
CO., Mills bldg, 6lti floor, r 6 ; strictly confidential
O.N FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal, Room tiB, Donohoe b'd'a;, 1170 Market
WHY PAY *5 OX THE HUNDRED COM-
misslon to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the loaner without It and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
ten : without removal: any amount from SlOO <o
IJi&OOO. 418 Ellis st.. room 'J2. "
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST AND 2ND
XJ mortgages, undivided interests, estates, and on
furniture or pianos, without removal. In tiie city
and Oakland or A lameda: any amount; lowest
rates; all business confidential: savings bank books
bought. Call or write to BECKER.24O Montgomery.
1 OANH— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
JIJ city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
I' AW KBBOSEBS.
AT 126 KEAKSy~STrfiOOM~^-Mo.\ X V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : pri-
-1 vate rooms; elevator; pledges for sale cheap.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL KSTATE.
/■m: vt ii \ ;: ■mx-vhivkes m
" 1 acres in bearing fruit of a variety; lease for 3
years, rent, $125 annually.
For sale — House of 5 rooms; barn; 9 chicken-
i houses; a quamitv of fencing; 100 good fowls;
price only $175. Fruitvale Laud piny, Fruii-
■ yule station. . ' • :s ;:.-■-'.
I Q Ofinn A pine TWO-STORY HOfSE and
: WJAiI/Vl/. lot, 60x100. well located, for sale;
also Oakland houses and lots to exchange for coun-
try. ALDEN & GARFIELD, builders, 902 Broad-
t way, Oakland. __ - ?,.■•' ■'.■
OR SALE, AT A SACRIFICE— NEW COT-
tage of 6 rooms, modern; lot.80.xlS0; on snnny
I side of street; situated oo Fruitvale aye.; price,
$3000. Address P. KELLY, 459 Ninth St., Oak-
land. . .■■,:-;;
1 Q 1 (\(\ lots AT FRUITVALE STATION;
j <-pJLUU. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
<S>£AAA BEAUTIFULLY LOCATED BSSI-
<£SUUtm. dence, Alameda; lot 40x124; all
' nicely furnished: any reasonable offer.
Large list of choice residences and cottages for j
I sale in Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda, Fruitvu'eand
Piedmont; acre tracts and ranches. Send for cata-
logue orsee E. E. BUNCE, 100S Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
OR SALE AT A SACRIFICE— KINF. LODG-
inpt-house. For particulars call or write BEN J.
W. FERRIS, 962 Broadway, Oakland.
(JjjOA MONTHLY l-'dKli-'.HiijfcuTTAi.Ki;
<jP+j*J plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gut,, statn.
•ftT^fi LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEI.M IN
vS)XU\J. Frnltvale; electric cars; only $1 do^va
and $1 a week: selling fnst: pood improvements
H. B. PI.NXEY. owner, 90'J Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLANiI 4CKXITUKI! FOX B.VLE |
OLID AY' PR^S^X^TS^XLT^ITi^ETAVHI
SCIIELLHAAS' i'iirn:tiire-«tore. l-'ieve;itli st
I ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA.UI.DA B£AX STATK.
CJp99??fPiso"7lAi3H7'l?2T^
'■ ♦iP-- 1 — v'v/. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
; .■■-.-('.
U— fbO cash: $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
83250 $200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
Kant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
88600—^300 cash, $35 monthly: 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MAitCUSfi A REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
mt'da. ami 628 Market St., San Francisco.
I <3j | All DOWN, BALANCE MONTHLY PAY-
IV"' ments— Fine nearly new modern 2-story
i house. 7 rooms aud bath; near station, school and
: churches: must be sold; cair and see at once. 11.
P. MOREAL, 1432 Park st.. Alameda.
<S"J ftf) DOWN —ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
«JP X \J\J modern cottage In center of cltv, close to
school and station; lot 35x150: price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500 I
Park st., Alameda.
C* l|\/l'| NEW AND MODERN HOUSF. OF 7
<&'±\J\JVJ. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: in
j good locality; iermseasy: installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO.. 1364' Park St., Alameda.
BEKIviiLUV KKAii KSXAXX.
vkak ttFe UNIVERSITY; STEAM AND
JA electric cars: an elegantly built cottage of 6
rooms: a!l the latest improvements: for sale at a
bargain. .lAS. J. MAJSON, Dwlght-way station,
Berkeley.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KEAL KBTATK.
ANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
i>2 East Santa Clara St., San Jose, Cal.
TO EXCHANGI;.
IirHAT HAVE YOU TO EXCHANGE FOB
; '• 160 acres of fruit land In Placer County near
I'eniyn. 1 Address C. A. MAYDWELL, 23 Davis.
■ — ■ ■ ?
UjEDICAI..
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTAjVT RE
-t\- lief for monthly irrearulnrities (from whatever
j cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an Improved j
method, superior to others; ladies will save time j
and money, be assured of honest treatment by '
consulting the doctors before ratlin? on others:
patients who have been imposed upon are spe- 1
cially invited; home in couttnement: treatment
warranted: advice free, con tial. DR. and MRS.
DAVIKB, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
A NEW PROCESS— XO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
■jIx. ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician ior all female troubles, no mat-
: tpr from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sur<i call on men's
physician ;knowled{*e can be sent and used at home;
all caaeu fTDaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
lA4IKS — CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH PEN- i
J nyroyal Pilis (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps, tot
particulars. "Relief for Ladles," in letter by retura I
mail; at druggists. Chichester Cliemlcal Company, ■
I Philadelphia._ Pa.
1 PRIVATE HOSPITAL, 937 MISSION ST.:
) X patients receive best of care; terras moderate.
T ADIES — haitets FEMAXE REGULA
■ij ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 EIII3 St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole acents.
DX. M.. i.i.. 1 MCALLISTER >'i lii-:i. 1 , near
~Jon». Diseases of women and children.
FT SUItE CURE FOR all FEMALJB dis-
Jt\. eases, fron: whatever cause: a borne in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MR -. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
Tv^PRAF/tTFEMALE KKGUIiATINU PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient em!iiena.^o?ue; $1 per box.
RICHARDSitCO., druggists, 4o6 Clay sL.sole ag'ts.
A HOME, A FRIE.N D AND MOTHER'S C ARE.
./V MH-. DR. I-TXK-s. 1416Eighch st.. Alameda.
T^R. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
XJ diseases of women and restores all Irregulari-
ties In one day, puarantteing a cure or no charge;
regulator $2 ; home for patients. ls,"0 Market'st
MRS. DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation; pills $2.' 419 Eddy st. .
ALL FEMALE IRRBGULA RITIES R&
XV stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at !
any time; tiavelers helped at once; home in con- I
finement: I'iench pilis guaranteed; consult frea !
MBS. DP.. WYETII. 916 Post st., near Larkln.
A LPEAU'S FRENCU PILLS, A BOON TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
IF IRREGULAR Olt ANY FEMALeTjISKASE
X see 3ira. I'r. Puetz and be conteau 254Vg4th-
ATTOKNEYS-AT-L.AW.
TJ^M 6 RKV^AT'Fy^aSTi^T' . I ' .\ - 1 i . • \I~X-V I
X - taw; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15. j
ADVICE REE; DIVORCE AND I PROBATE
-£\- laws a specialty; sulU, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable; collection!, etc
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.Stockton
\Y" W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.iUa I
»» » California st- rm«. 14-15; adTlo free.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. \.n>: I.Uf r^.PIIYHIC'N^sIMUiEaNTrTiTYTL
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 M:irkt
MRS. DR PARIiOW, chiropodist. 126
I>l- Iveiiriiy, rm. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. si. Nicholas.
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
J V Market St.: diseases of wompn a speciai.y.
tEGAC XJTICIS.S.
Notice ro cblemtors of
X> M A KCUS DAVIDSON. Deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned executors of the 1
last \v;ll and testament of MA KCUS DAVIDSON, <
deceased, to the creditors of and all persoas
; haviuir claims against the said deceased to ex-
hibit them, with the necessary vouchers, within
four mouth!) after the first publication of this
I notice to said executors, a 161 New Montgom-
i cry St., ciiy and county of San Francisco, State of
California, which Mid place the undersigned select
as their place of business in all matters connected
with said estate. M V XX DAVIDSON,
JOSEPH HARRIS,
Executors of the last will and testament of
MARCUS |\ vi list in, deceased.
December 10, 1895.
DE P A I'.T.MK N T NO. 9 (PROBATE). IN THE
XJ sup.>rior Court, in and for the City and County
I of San Francisco, >tate of falifornia— In the m.i
i ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY,
dccc; •
■Notice is hereby given thai TUKSDAY, the 14th
day of January, a. ix. lS96,at 10 o'clock a.m. of said '
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, v the new City Hall, io the City and county
of San Franciaco, state of California, have beun ap-
' pointed as the time and place for proving the :
1 authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
i L. MOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appli-
] cation of JOHN L. HUGHES and JAMES W.
McELBOY for the Issuance 10 them of letters
testamentary.
Dated Jannary 3, A. D. 1896.
[Seal.] CHABX.EB F. CURRY, Clerk.
By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy f lerlt.
.TaMKs A. W.\ YMIP.E. Ation.e/ .■■;- Petitioners.
BIRTHS — CARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. IiOKX.
BROOKS— January 6, 1896, to the wife of Alfred
Brooks, a son.
DEAL— In Alamoda, January '.', 1896, to the
wife of Joseph Henry Deal, a son.
DE SOLLA— in this city, December 26, 1895,
10 the wife of A. ii. tie Solla, a son.
FORSELL— In this city. December 31. 1895, to the
wife of f . P. Forsell, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. -January 3, 189tJ, to the
wife of Joseph O'Brien, a son.
x :■-,:.
3IAKKIJSD.
EOUNDS-HESS— In Btoeltton, January 2, 1896,
by the Rev. E. D. McCreary, Henry E. Bounds
of Lodi and Eva Hess oi Sacramento.
HcDOXALD-HALPIN- December 31, 1835,
by the Rev. Father Brennan. Edward McDonald
. and Catherine llalpin, both of San Francisco.
YOUNG— LEITCH— in Oakland, December '21-
-1895, by the Rev. H. 11. Rice, Alex Young of
San Francisco and J. H. Leltch of Oakland.
i)s.t.,>.
Abbott, Wallace G. Maloney, Daniel
Bestor, Henry T. Martin, James
Car, Nelson 1\ May! • William
Carney. Mrs. Ann Moore, Robert H. ' '
hiWs, Charli M. O'Brien, John H.
Cunnlngl am, Nellie Ray .ilenry
(VArey, Richard Roeth. Hophie
Duffey, James Salazar, Nicholas
Flfer, Mike Saravia, Gen. Don P..
Gleason, Bridget Samuels, i;nrnett
Haller, Margaret Sii.a. John
Harris. Uussle Sht-liey. John
Jli^ms, Katio Shirpser, Ye:ta
Kui^l,:. 'I'homas A. Steurns. Charles H.
Latlil, EliHi A. Steele, John i.
Leroy. lime, Kmlile Rnrasey, Ueorge H.
Mallon, Marguerite Watsou, Thomas " '
ABBOTT— this city, Jannary 5. 1896, Wallace
G-, beloved son of M. L. and Ida Abbott, a native
of San Diego, aged 8 years 3 aths and 29
dayjs.
ftS'Notice of funeral hereafter.
BESTOR— In this city. Jannary 3. 1895, Henry
T. Bestor, a native of Hartford. Connecticut, aged
tiO years. | St. Louis papers please copy. J
fl-yFriends aud acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend 1 be funeral TO-MOUROW
(Tuesday.), al 1:30 o'clock, v. it., from iCtng
Kolomon'a Hall, Masonic 1 ■ mple, cor ■ of Post
and Montgomery streets; fnneral r.mlc-r the an s-
pires of Oallfornin Lodge Xo. 1. F. and A.M.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CAR— this city, January 2, • 1596, Nelson F.
car. a native of Vermont^ a,-d 68 year.-i.
CARNEY— In Santa Cruz. Janoary 1, 1H96, Mrs.
Ann Carney, beloved wife of John Carney, and
mother of Frank, Sarah, Mary, Maggie. Bersio
and Thomas Carney, a native of r.oscommon,
Ireland, aged 55 years, (Baltimore papers please
copy.]
CHILDS— In this city. January 4, 1896, Charles
M.. beloved husband of the late Nellie Childs,
father of Aulden and Charles Cbilds, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. F. Hngel; a native of New
York, aged 37 years.
jStyFriends ana acquaintances am resnect*
fully invited to at;end the funeral THIS d\v
(Monday) at .-.ho o'clocK p.m., from the par-
lors of the Union Dnaertattlng Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In th 3 city, January 3, 1896.
Nellie Cunningham, a native of Boston, Mass-
aged 33 years.
D'ARCY— this city. January 5. 189 G. Richard,
dearly beloved husband of Bridget M. d'Arcy.
a naiive of Clifton, County Galway, Ireland, ageti
49 years, j Lynn (Mass.) papers please copy.
Friends and acquaintances ar- resoect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence, 9 Cook street, thence to Holy Crow
Church, Eddy street, near Scott, where a solemn
rf quiem mass will be celebrated forthereposa
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy t roes Cemetery.
DUFFEY— this city. January 5, 1596. Jarn»s.
beloved husband of E. M. Duffey, and father of
Joseph Duffey, a native of Manchester, England,
aged 68 year, 5 months and 13 days.
*3"Frier.ds and acquarntances arp respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the fnm-
ily residence. 1322 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FIFER— the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 5, 1896, Mike Flfer, aged 26 years.
GLEASON— In this city. January 4, 1896, Kridcet
Mary, beloved wife of Michael Gleason, and
mother ot Rev. Jossph M., Mary, Margaret,
Thomas, William, Bornaid. Hobert, James and
Anita (jleason, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
4S"Frlerids anJ " acquaintances an 1 respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Taesoau), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 824 Union street, tbencs to St. Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated lor the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. M. Interment Mount. Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HALLER— In this city, January 3, 1896, Margaret
Haller. beloved mother of J. P. Haller and Mrs.
F. Laplace, a native of Lorraine, France, aged 76
years.
O"Friends and acquaintances are resnact-
fi'ily invited to attend the funeral THI- DAY
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a, m.. from the residence
of her son, 2531 Pine street, near Scott, thence to
St. Boniface's Church, Goldtn Gate avenue.where
services will be held, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. m., thence to St. Mary's Cemetery, Oaiclan<l.
HARRIS-In Los Angeles. Cal.. January 4. 1896,
Gussie Harris, v native of California, agerl 31
years.
HIGGINS— In this city, December 31, 1895, X itte
Higgins, a native of Ireland, a?ed J3 years.
KNIGHT— In Pomona, Cal., Thomas A. Knight,
aged 44 yean and 26 days.
LADD— In this city, Jannary 4, 1806, Ellra >..
Lada, beloved wife of Charles J. Ladd, a native
'of New Hampshire, aged 67 years.
BSTTnends nnd acanointances are reamct-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at -1 o'clOCK 1: v.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate 1 ndertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LEROY— In Oakland, January 3, 1596, Mme.
Emille Leroy. a native or Paris. France.
MALLON— In Hollisur, Ca!.. lanuary S, 189S,
Marguerite Mallon, 3 native of Ban Rafael, Cal.,
aged 5 years h m.'is an 1 21 days.
MALONEY— In this city, January 5, 1896. Daniel,
dearly beloved hus iand ol Mary L. Malonev. ami
father of Agnes C. Maloney. a native of Missouri,
agptl 50 years 9 mouths and Sl9 aays.
fl^Fr.ends and acquaintances ar- rtvjpec"-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from bislati resi-
dence, 1753 Howard street, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo Cnurch, corner of Shotwell and Eieh-
leenth streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrate i for the repose of bis soul, coin-
. mencin? at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In the City ana County Hospital, Janu-
ary 5, 1896, James Martin, a;ed 36 years.
MAYBE— In this city, January 1, 1396, William
Maybe, aged 35 years.
MOORE— In this city. January 4. 1896. Robert 1!.
Moore, a native of Maryland, aged 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances aru resoect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 O'clock p. m.. from Masonic Tern-
pie, corner of Post and Montsomery streets, un-
der the auspices of ECiOg Solomon's Lodge No.
260, F. nni A.M. J'ueru Masonic Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. January 4. 189 S. John
Henry, beloved brother ol Thomas, George and
William u'Briea, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years.
*S~Friends and acquaintances are resoec:-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock P.M., from the par-
lors of the Pacific rndert»kers, 777 Mission
street, thence to bt. Patrick s Cnurcn ror services,
commencing at 2 o'clock r. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BAY- In Oakland, January 4,1896, Henry ltaj\
a native of Newcastle, England, aged Hb years 1
month and 15 days.
j|3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. Interment Motintaln View Cemetery.
ROETH— Livermore, January 4,1896. Hophie,
sis; er of George and Charles Roeth, a native of
Baltimore. Maryland, aged 32 years 2 months
and 4 days.
JK3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 O'nlocic p. v.. from the resi-
dence of hPr brother, George Roetb, 1232 Filbert
street. Oakland.
SALAZ AR— this city. Jannary 3. 1896. NicDolas
Salazar, a native of Chile, aged 47 years and 9
days.
SARAVIA— In this pity, Jannary 2, 1896, at
]'.':5O o'clOCK P. M., ■ leneral Don Ramon Saravia
of the army of tiie Republic of Guatemala, a na-
tive of Guatemala, aged 52 years.
Jty Friends ana acquaintances are r<?sD«vt-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of (iod.uu iV Lipraan, 326 Sutler street.
Interment I. O. O. K. Cetnet.-iv. -
SAMUELS— 4. 1896, Barnett Samaels,
aged 49 year/. .
SHEA— In this city, January 4, 1896. John. h«-
loved sou of Catherine and the late Patrick Shea,
a native of New Yorlc, aged 33 yean. ■.. ; :-. ■
ijryThe fntiiTHl will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), ' at ' 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 99 Fifth
street, thence to S-. Joseph's Church for services
at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SHELLEY— In Redwood City. January 4, 1895.
John Shelley, a native of England, aged 71 year*.
SHIRfSER— In Savanna, Cc!., January- 5,1896.
Yetta. ralict af the late David Sliirp-j r. mother of
Hoi Shirpser, and s!ster of Mrs. Ilenry I'Rvisof
s?.n Francisco, aged 74 years and 8 months.
STEARNS- In this city, January 5, 1596. Charles
ilenry Steams, htisband of May Steams, and
father of Aubrey and Addi- Steams, and son of
G. H. Meurns, a naUve ol North Kra-lford, Me.,
aged 32 years and 7 days.
BTEELE— In this city, Jannary 3, 1 896. John Fu'.-
ton Steele.a native of Connecticut, ag.-d 51 years.
BWASEY— At Madrono, January 4, 1896, George
li. Swasey. f Philadelphia papers pteane copy. j
ftji'irii'iida me invited to attend the funeral
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m..
from the reeideuce of Mrs. Edward ScbieffeUn,
.1511 Central avenue, Alameda.
WATSON— In this city. January 2, 1896. Thomas
Watson, a native of Illinois, seed 69 years.
UNITICD irXlfKitTATcKli.H' 1 " 8
EMBAIVINa PABLOKS. \
Everything Requisite for First-class Funer^lsl
at Reasonable Rates. |
Telephone 8167. '.7 nnd afl PKth sneec P
■ j" " mcavoVa" call ac m er, r
FUNERAL DLBKCTOR9 & KMBA! ,\
20 Fifth St., Opp. Llncoiu School. I
, Telei.l'.oue 3080.
I; CYPRESS LAW'f CEMETERY,
TN SANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARI AN
X laid out on ihe lawn plan; perpetual care; beau-
tlful, permanent and easy of access; see it befors
fca/iiig a burial place elsewhere. -
City <;lHce. » Citjr Hall Avodb*.
Weak Men andWcmen
SHOULD UH£ BAMIA.NA BITTKKB, THE
great Mexioan Remedy; gives Heulitt <*ai '
Btrengtli to the Sexual Ur^aus.
1112
DR. GOODWIN POKES FUN AT FAT H ER YORKE
Some Pointed Allusions by
the Methodist
Preacher.
LETTERS TO MR. BREWER
At the Metropolitan Temple
Threatening Missives Are
Discussed.
SCORED THE DAILY PAPERS.
The Orator of the Occasion Indulges j
in Some Caustic Comment
on the Press.
Dr. W. K. Goodwin, pastor of the Cali
fornia-Street Methodist Church, addressed
the Good Citizenship meeting at the Metro
politan Temple yesterday afternoon on the
subject," Characteristics of Good Citizens."
He alluded repeatedly to the Father
Yorke-Ross-Bovard -Case-Hubbeil - Brewer
REV. W. K. GOODWIN.
[Sketched from, life by a "Call" artist.]
controversy, but rather in an indirect way
than otherwise. Some of Ins references
were very pointed and greatly pleased his
listeners. As usual, the Temple was
packed.
In opening the meeting Chairman Quit
zow explained that the committee had just
elected its officera.with but flight changes.
'America" was then sung by the audience
standing, and also a religious version of
the "Battle Hymn of the Republic," with
the refrain "His Truth Is Marching On."
Professor E. "Werner rendered an organ
solo.
As a prelude to what was to follow, If.
T. Brewer devoted a few minutes to the
Roman Catholics. He int mated that he
had been receiving some threatening let
ters of late, and said in substance:
I have a request or two to make of my Roman
Catholic iriends who are here. I know they
are here because of the numerous letter* I re
ceive, which tell me that the writers "saw me
at the Metropolitan Temple." My first request
is: Either write your letters more plainly or
have Father Yorke write them for you. And
one thing I will add: I might be coaxed off
this platiorm, but 1 assure you as friends I
cannoi be driven off.
I may have received many letters this week
which may have been worth reading, but I had
to consign them to the waste basket because J
could not read them. I know the Monitor >ays
] cannot read, but I can spell. [Laughter.]
Those that I have been able to read aad spell
are below a gentleman's notice.
In a somewhat daring spirit he gave out
bis correct address for the benefit of the
■would-be correspondents and then re
marked that in one meeting he had found
one friend of Father Yorke. Kambling
along he said he was going to dine with
Father Yorke, as he wanted to discuss
matters with that prelate "over a large
beefsteak." Finally he explained that he
had nothing against the individual .Roman
Catholic — that as good citizens come from
Erin's isle as elsewhere — but when of $700,
--000,000 expended by the Government of
the Tinted States 78 per cent went to the
benefit of the Catholic one-twelfth of the
population and only 22 per cent to the
rrotestant 80 per cent of the population he
did not think it was quite right. He was
opposed to the use of any public funds for
ecclesiastical purposes, and he regarded
the public school system as a boon to the
whole people.
Chairman Quitzow took occasion to say
that he, too, had not been overlooked by
the letter-writers, but that he had prompt
ly consigned their missives to the waste
basket.
Then Dr. Goodwin was brought forward
and introduced. His address was in the
nature of a general scoring of the press,
the lawyers and the liquor business, with
some side allusions to Father Yorke and
the Catholic church at which the audience
always laughed. His nesire was to show
what constituted a good citizen and who
and what were bad citizens, here are
Some of his allusions to the Catholics:
I have found it always difficult in addressing
the A. P. A.'s to make a speech that .
please the Catholics, and as there are both
classes here it will be no easy matter for me to
Now, a word was let fall by Father Yorke
that gave me a thought. It was his reference
lo Father Yorke. I myself am not acquainted
Kith Father Yorke, nor with any member at
In.- family, but I am acquainted with "Father"
Bovard and tome of hu children. lamsatls-
Bed that U Father Yorke ii a "father" he must
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY PURE
have a lot of little folks, and if he hasn't we
outrht to call him "brother."
My relations with the Catholic church are
somewhat pleasant ; that is, I frequently nin
called upon to officiate at Catholic funerals,
when the deceased are not to be buried in the
consecrated ground. Then they think a Meth
odist minister is good enough. The other day
1 officiated at the wedding: of ft. Protestant man
and a Catholic girl. A priest told the girl that
if she let a Protestant minister marry her she
would go to hell, but she thought she would
try it, auywav. I said to her: "Little girl, I
have last li-- much right to Bend you to heaven
as a Roman Catholic priest has to send you to
hell."
My study of the history of the Catholic re
ligion is associated with recollections of the
Bastile, the thumb-screw and the rack, the
Inquisition, the lutrgoi and the massacre of St.
Bartholomew's. Let us compare countries.
Look at the Mexico of to-day. Every one knows
that Mexico was settled with the best blood of
Spain. Yet compare it to-day with our New
England, which was settled by poor Protestants,
and where they raise ice.stones and men. Any
body can see the difference between New Eng
land and Mexico. It is because of the character
of the respective religions followed.
Further than this there was nothing said
wind) bad any bearing on the controversy
between the Catholics and the A. I. A. He
! digressed to give his opinion of what
' socialism was, in answer to some back
; handed remark of a socialist periodical,
and then got back on the strnisjht track
and defined a good citizen as "one who is
interested in the welfare of other?; who
1 1 ies to build up society : who endeavors to
make the world better*; who struggles to
do away with vice, poverty and crime."
| On the other band be observed: "Any man
i who willfully tears out the foundation? of
society or carries on a business injurious
in its effects is nol a goo ! citizen."
Then Dr. Goodwin paid his respects to
the newspapers, the lawyers and the liquor
business. The lawyer who for money,
office or anything else would stand be
tween justice and crime and shield the
guilty he did not deem a good citizen ; and
if a minister had no right to do evil, he
thouffht, neither had a lawyer such right.
In his opinion the liquor business con
trolled the city's politics and its govern
ment.
In his scathing of the newspapers and
newsnaper men the speaker must have had
the Brown-Davidson scandal in mind.
Somewhat condensed, what he said was
tnis:
I nm opposed first, last and all the time to
I any newspaper which does not try to improve
ty — which, instead, x>anders to the nmsser
: tastes of the public and lowers the tone. A
j preacher has just as much right to lower the
i tone of society as a newspaper.
j One good thing I can say for the papers, and
j that is that they are extremely jealous of
j preachers and the church. If I was to be
found drunk to-nigiit it would be told to-mor
row in London. The probability is that if I
did something not very ministerial they would
; give me three solid pages. The fact is, preach
[ers don't dare to cat up much now. If this
j preat (artfulness for the preacher is !o see that
the preachers and the church are all right— if
• this is the motive, weil and food; but if the
motive is to smirch the church and Blur the
church, then I stand here as a minister of the
gospel and denounce it. The scandal-monger
ing newspaper gr.ing into the homes of decent
people is not a good citizen.
I think 1 have shown what is not good citi
eenship in our periodicals, yet f am so in
j tensely imbued with a belief in the power and
! influence «>i the daily press that i feel tney
i cannot only mold public opinion and shape
! politics, but that they can muid— and do mold -
; public morals as well.
I have no patience- with such newspapers as
i advertise lotteries and devote three whole
I pages to the races, the poolrooms and gamb
i imtf, and only a little insignificant space to the
things that make for the good and peace and
happiness of society, and as a citizen J appeal
to tin- City press to help the churches and all
moral agencies to make this community better
and purer. Jas a preacher have just as much
: right to encournge vice and lewdness as a
i newspaper has. I:i as much as they do this.
just as much they are not good citizens. We
want a people that will fear God and love
; righteousness, and we have a right to de
mand it.
In conclusion, Dr. Goodwin took occasion
to say that he was surprised when he could
stan ion the platform and face an audience
of 2000 people that the evils of the present
are allowed to run unchecked.
TEE LIBERALS.
Dr. J. L. York Addresses an Audience
of Freethinkers in Scottish
Hall.
Dr. J. L. York addressed about three
hundred liberals and freethinkers last i
night at 105 Larkin street. His theme was '
"The Un buried Dead." Previous to de- i
livering the main address, he gave a pre- '
lude on "the devil," who he declared in ■
"the myth that sustains all the churches. !
If you were to kill tne devil every church 1
would De an orphan, and crape would i
hang on every church door."
He announced that, arrangements are j
being made for the proper observance of j
the anniversary of the birth of Tom Paine, 1
and that on Thursday night C. Fannie !
Allyn would lecture at 111 Larkin street, j
on "If Jesus Christ came to San Fran- !
Cisco."
He then delivered the lecture of the even
ing, occupying over an hour in its deliv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1896.
cry. He said that there is a need of indi
viduality, so that individuals may think
for themselves and not be as they were
when freedom of thought ami speech was
not allowed. "The time was," he said,
"when the church did not allow men to
think, but compelled them to grow up in
ignorance; but the time came when indi
viduals had an opportunity to tear them
selves away from ignorant superstition
and study the only true religion, Nature.
"The unburied dead are those fossil indi
viduals who are members of ttse different
churches — the Methodist, the Presbyte
rian, the Roman and others — and who fol
low tiie superstitious ideas instilled into
them from childhood. They are merely
coffins for dead souls and they are walking
around to save funeral expenses. Man is
born without a mind, but his mind grows
on what, it feeds on, and when it is fed on
the teachings of the orthodox church it has
no opportunity -to study the true religion—
natural science."
Speaking of the Sunday-schools he de
clarerf that "they are strait-jackets that
deform the juvenile mind. The Sunday
schools are the hotbeds of superstition.
No liberal or freethinker should permit
his children to go to such schools, but
should use every effort to establish
lyceums, in which the children should be
brought up to understand free thought."
The speaker said that he did not believe
in anything but nature and did not be
lieve in any of the gods of the churches.
He spoke at length of those who had
suffered for the cause of free thought and
said that there is need for an honest press
that will fearlessly stand up against cor
ruption and lor social evolution.
LITTLE BOY BURGLARS.
They Are Only Seven and Eight
Years of Age, but Old
in Crime.
Caught Like Rats in a Trap in a
Front-Street Commission
Warehouse.
Two of theyounerest burglars ever placed
behind prison bars were locked up in the
Harbor Police station yesterday. They
are William King, aged 7 years, and Al
bino Romano, aired 8 years. Both of the
children wept bitterly and begced to be
allowed to go home. Their elder brothers
are the real culprits, however, and the
boys will be held until they are arrested.
Then the youngsters will be sent to a re
formatory.
For some time past, the produce houses
and commission stores on Front and Davis
streets have been systematically burglar
ized. Just how an entrance was gained
was a mystery, as there were no signs of
burglars' tools having been used and none
of the doors were forced. The bulk of the
goods stolen consisted of honey and other
canned goods that could be easily packed.
Last Sunday week the store of H. Ileck
man it Co.. 400 Davis street, was robbed
and no one could explain how the goods
were sot out of the place.
The mystery was explained yesterday
when W. 11. Nash of Kveleth & Nash. 422
Fron' street, by accident visited the store.
As soon as he opened the door two
frightened boys tried to dart past him.
One got out, but the door wag shut on the
other and Nash gave chase. The little
fellow was caught before he had run a
block and turned over to Officer Callaghan.
It was not hard to secure the other lad, who,
a^ soon as the door was opened again, was
found sitting on a butter-box and crying
as if his heart would break.
In the Harbor Police station Romano
told the story of bow they fame to turn
burglars. "We ail live on Himmelmann
place— that's between Broadway and Pa
cific and Taylor and Mason streets, you
know. We didn't steal anything, but we
P. F. DUNDOVS TRAMWAY, WHICU H* IS BLILI>IN« WITHOUT PERMISSION OF THE HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
ON STATE PROPERTY, AND THE BARKENTINE WRESTLER. WHICH WAS REPAIRED IN YOKOHAMA BY
JAPANESE CAKPENTERS, WHO WORKED FOR 20 CENTS A DAY.
j only helped our brothers. When we
found a place where there was a transom
! big enough for us to get through Tom
I King would boost me tip and Johnny Ro-
I mano would boost Willy "up.
"They boosted us through the transom
of that store on Front street yesterday, but
when we got in we found we* couldn't get
out. The windows had fixtures on we
couldn't work and we were caught. We
called to Johnny and Tom, but when they
found we couldn't get out and couldn't
Dass them out anything, they ran away.
We helped ourselves to some honey and
crackers and when the man came we* tried
to run away. That's all we did, mister,
and now we want to go home." At this
both the children broke down and began
to cry aeain.
Warrants have been issued for the arrest
of Johnny Romano and Tom King and
Captain Dunleavy expects to have them in
custody before the day is out. The police
say the father of the Romano family is a
sailor and that he has deserted his family
The elder King is a bricklayer. There are
eighteen or twenty children in the two
families.
Dempaey Benefit Committee.
The general committee which had charge of
the benefit entertainment for the widow of
Dempsey will hold a meeting to-night to make
a settlement of its affairs. Complete reports
will be had from all of the sub-committees and
the precise amount of the returns will be ascer
tained',^ lh° members of the committee re
quest that reports be prepared by all of the
members whose statements have not been re-
Bank stock paper saves the eyes. The My
sell-Rollins Co., 22 Clay, manufacturers. •
P. F. DUNDON'S TRAMWAY
It May Get Him Into Trouble
With the Harbor Com
missioners.
BUILT WITHOUT PERMISSION.
He Has Also Erected a Derrick in the
Middle of the Seawall
Roadway.
P. F. Dundon, the ex-Supervisor, is
likely to have a hot quarter of an hour
i when the Harbor Commissioners meet to
; morrow. He has come to the conclusion,
\ apparently, that he owns the water front,
. and has his men working night and day
to lay a double track across section B of
j the seawall in spite of the protests of the
; chief wharfinger. He has also built a der
rick in the middle of the roadway, and
teams have to make a detour in order to
reach the present end of the seawall.
His employes were laying the tracks
! along the wharf yesterday right out to
] where the barkentine Wrestler is lying, and
when the teams begin their rounds this
morning they will have to bump their
way over four iron rails in order to reach
what is known as Meiggs wharf.
Dundon's controversy with the Harbor
! Commissioners dates back to last No
; vember. About the end of that month he
| appeared before the board and asked for
| the lease of a piece of ground on the front
between Powell and Mason streets. He
explained that he wanted to start an in
dustry which would greatly benefit the
community and aud to the revenue of t he
State.
l'resident Colnon was not very much in i
favor of the scheme, but when Conimis- i
', sioner Cole said the land was desired for !
1 the purposes of dressing lumber, and that '
; that portion of the water front was given !
; over to the lumber interests, he gave in :
and Dundon gained his point.
As soon as the lirst month's rent was
l paid and receipted for Dundon began to |
i build. When a small frame building was j
j erected an engine and boiler were placed i
j in it. Then Dundon began to lay his tracks j
fon which he proposes running trucks, and j
j announced that his venture was a patent i
i process for preserving piles. His men tore
up the roadbed, and working Sundays and
! weekdays they made trood progress.
Chief Wharnnger Root was notified by
! Wharnnger Crowley at sections A and B
of the seawall, and he visited the work and
; ordered Dundon 's men to stop. While !
! Root was in sight they did stop, but as '
' soon as he turned a corner they went to !
work again.
Root was again notified, and he informed
the Harbor Commissioners. Dundon was j
: summoned to appear before the board last |
Thursday, and when he put in an appear
ance President Colnon would not allow
him to make an explanation. He said
■ that the work of laying tracks was being
done without permission, and he ordered i
i Chief Engineer Holmes and Chief Wharf
inger Root to investigate the matter and i
report,
Dundon left the meeting with a smile j
i on his face, and driving to the seawall told
; bis men to hurry up the work. Since that j
: time a, derrick has been erected, just where j
the wharf joins the wall, and an exhaust- '
pipe run out from the engine-house and j
the wharf cut in order to allow it to drop i
into the bay. The rails will be out to
where the barkentine Wrestler is this
: morning, and then the trucks will begin
! hauling lumber from that vessel.
The Wrestler has just arrived from .la- I
I pan. On her voyage to Hakodate she was |
dismasted and very much battered. She
put into Yokohama and there the repairs
were made. In the Japanese metropolis
carpenters were only too glad to work for
20 cents a day, and the owners of the '
\\ restler seized the opportunity and made i
almost a new vessel out of the barkentine. ;
All the ends and spare lumber that were ;
not used were returned by the contractors,
and the crew of the vessel were employed
all of yesterday in discharging it on the
wharf. This is the stuff that will be used
to heat up Dundon's furnaces to-day.
Secretary Keegan of the board sa"id that
no permission had been granted to Mr. j
Dundon to lay tracks, and that he had
been told to apply in the regrlar manner.
President Colnon notified the exwSuper- !
visor of this fact, but he evidently thinks
he has the Street Department to deal with,
and has gone along with the work as
though nothing was the matter.
ALONG THE FRONT.
Towboat Owners Have a Grievance
Against the Keeper of the
Fourth-Street Bridge.
The towboat captains have a grievance
against the keeper of the Fourth-street
bridge. They say that he is frequently not
on duty and that on Sunday morning ho
is always late. They do not object to a
man taking a little extra nap on the sev
enth day of the week, but they do to being
kept waiting until they miss the tide. Yes
terday the schooners Gleaner, Webfoot and
Maid of Orleans were all at the Hay wharf
and at 7 a. m. the tugs Monarch and Lib
ertj were suppo^ri to bp on Kind to tow
ih mto sea. The tugs were on time, but
the drawbridge was Ciosea, and no amount
< f whistling could draw the keeper to the
scene.
The captains of the schooners tried to
hunt him up but failed. Then the tugs
were put about and went back to their
dock. About, an hour later the keeper
turned up and opened the draw. With the
assistance of their boats the schooners were
towed and warped through the oDening,
and about 2p. m. the tugs again went to
their assistance and towed them to sea.
The owners of the towboats intend to lodge
a complaint with the Supervisors about
the alleged negligence of the keeper.
The cruisers Boston and Philadelphia
were thrown open to the public yesterday
and large crowds availed themselves of the
opportunity. The tug Millie ran from
<. lay-street wharf and the launch Amy,
owned by Henry Peterson, from Folsom
street. The latter was well patronized,
but the Millie did not pay expenses. The
Boston's launch cut considerably into the
trade of both boats, whereat there was
considerable indignation. The men of the
cruiser were granted the use of the launch
to carry their friends, but others took ad
vantage of the boat. Both cruisers are
awaiting the arrival of the Baltimore, and
as the latter is now out thirty days from
Yokohama Admiral Beardslee is beginning
to wonder what is the matter. The last
seen of the Baltimore was Dy the China
when that vessel was on her way to San
Francisco. At that time the cruiser was
breaking into a heavy gale, but seemed to
be making good weather of it.
The steamer Monticello went on the dry
dock yesterday for an overhauling. She
will resume her running to-day, and Cap
tain Hatch says she will now be able to
hold her own with any boat on the bay.
The Mail Company's steamer Colon has
come off the ways after having been over
hauled and thoroughly repaired. She will
go back on the Panama route in about ten
days.
The cargo of the big steamer Afridi is not
turning out as well as was expected. She
was busy discharging all day yesterday and
over a 1000 chests of tea were found to be
damaged. The steamer was caught in a
hurricane between Amoy in China and
Kobe, Japan. She labored heavily ana
some of the lashing gave way. The tea
was thrown about and many of the chests
were broken. In the second batch yester
day the longshoremen were working up to
their knees in tea which had been spilled
all over the deck. Some one will have to
pay for tlie damage and the chances are
that the steamship company and the un
derwriters will have v squabble over the
settlement.
The steamer Farrallon arrived from
Yaquina Bay yesterday after beine bar
bound for about three weeks. Thecaptain
.«ays it blew harder during the time he was
detained than he hau ever seen before on
this coast. The waves were mountain
high and it would have been folly to at
tempt to take the steamer over the bar.
DR. BO YN TON'S INAUGURAL.
The First Baptist Church Has a New
Pastor.
With the new year and with the reno
vating and refitting of the First Baptist
Church on Eddy street has come a new
pastor, the Rev. M. P. Boynton, who de
livered his inaugural sermon yesterday,
the occasion being made memorable by
the addition of seventeen new members to
the church.
The young clergyman has been mark
edly successful in the parish over which
!he now presides. For the lust eleven
I months he hits served the pulpit to which
j lie was formally elected on December 4 by
i an unprecedented majority.
His inaugural was upon the text, "Let
) us go up and possess the land, for we are
I abundantly able to possess it," and was
! entitled "A Forward Look," the theme be
i ing the religious outlook for the church
| and its congregation.
After referring to the failure of the Israel
ites to obey God and their wanderings in
the wilderness for forty years in conse
quence, he outlined the duty of a minister,
dealing particularly with explanations of
Christ's teachings.
I In conclusion he said: "There is a chance
for this church to do more mission work
in tins City. There are three. fields: One
at North Beach, one at the Mission and ona
south of Market street, east of Ninth."
The evening sermon was upon the sub
ject of "Moneys Side of Life." The ordi
nance of baptism was administered during
the service.
Humors that there is a division in the
church are emphatically denied by the
pastor, who says that the published ac
counts of sticha condition were wholly
unfounded. He asserts that never before was
the church so prosperous or generally am
icable within the congregation.
APROPOS OF WAR.
Lieutenant W. R. Hamilton Will Di»-
coui-ge on Military Schools.
The lecture to be delivered to-morrow
evening by Lieutenant W. R. Hamil
ton in the Young Men's Christian
Association Hall promises to be a social
event in both military and naval
circles. The lieutenant is the military
statistician of the "World Almanac,"
and is accepted throughout the United
States as an authority on matters pertain
ing to the army and navy.
His subject will be "The Military and
Naval Schools of the United States," a
fitting theme at the present time.
Lieutenant Hamilton has been an in
structor of National Guard in Eastern
cities, and is the author of a set of instruc
tions for that body. Besides this he has
spent many years in the military schools,
and is, therefore, well qualified" to speak
on the subject he has chosen. The lecture
will be illustrated with nearly 100 stereop
ticon views.
NEW TO-DAT.
SPFriAF QAI F
+JST JL*WI/"\iL-rf aJJiTLI— * J— *
O2?" ■
We take pleasure in notifying our cus-
tomers that we have placed on sale TEN
CASES ELEGANT NOVELTY SILKS (all the
latest styles) at prices that have never been
equaled in this city.
Dresden Striped Taffeta (Black Grounds). . .65c ; worth $1.00
Two-Toned Figured Satin Ducliessc. ... — 75c : worth $1.25
Changeable Striped Taffeta 75c ; worth $1.50
Evening Shades Brocaded Satin Ducliessc 75c ; worth $1.25
Persian Brocaded Duchesse 75c ; worth $1.50
Changeable Striped Taffeta (24 inches wide) 85c ; worth $1.50
Fancy Striped Taffeta 85c ; worth $1.50
Novelty Brocaded Duchesse 85c ; worth $1.50
Striped Taffeta (Lace effects) $1.00 ; worth $1.75
Figured GrosdeLondres (changeable effects) $1.00 ; worth $1.75
Colored Faille Franchise, all silk, full line street shades
.75c ; worth $1.25
Black Bengaline (French manufacture).... 7sc worth $1.25
Black Satin Rhadames (all silk) 75c ; worth $1.00
Black Satin Brocades (all silk) 75c ; worth $1.00
The attention of our patrons residing outside of
the city is respectfully directed to this safe.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
n  q
$11 buys this metal bed-
stead ; white enameled ;
knobs and top rails of bur-
nished brass ; light, clean,
durable, pretty.
Every one should be "up j
to date" — especially when it
only costs $11.
This week: Lace curtains,
point d'esprit in brussels ef-
fect, $1.90 a pair (see them
in the window), white or
ecru.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
II 7- 123 Geary Street.
! SIGNATURE <^S£ *
)ob&¥J^^ is now
f printed in "^^^S^^OTr |
5 BLUE, diagonally W^n3?^ im* c
\ across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of©
J The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- i
1 tection against all imitations. • . «
for the United States. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. •
"DON'T BORROW TROUBLE." BUY
SAPOLIO
'TIS CHEAPER IN THE END.
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from ■■^?S
the manufacturers n full and SSm
complete assortment ot the In- 'lr
test designs In Si'Ri.Nf; and Sim- "X y
meb Goods. I therefore offer my
entire stock of Wooi.exs now /!52%i!&3\
on h»nd at Prices never before &*>sP^>'
offered In San Francleco. K*&si3»slKK
GUARANTEED GENUINE "WlS^^^i
ENGLISH CASSIMERE
PANTS TO ORDER : JsMMtiSfl
FORMERLT BEDUCED TO M ! M(|j*JF
$10.00 $6.50 InKIP
ALL WOOL SUITS 1 iM
TO ORDER : I j 111]
PORJIEP.LT EEDUCED TO HflijßHl
$25.00 $17.50 I ml
All other Garments ReDtrcßD t Jiif'^K
In like proportion. You will do
■well to avail yourself of this opportunity and «rtv«
me a call before buying elsewhere.
i Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEINI, The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Busb,
724 Market St. and llio 8s 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
•4s£&&>kM> DON'T PAY
rf?Jv& SN^jSv ?K^& * :<0 or ?4 ° for an Klectrio
KB£<£<F*^??S**£jSm lMt when wo will sell you
BjgO J...*, v?^^Sai ' far better one as frota
MsTfCr^ i C<«kfea *"' to s -'°- Buy no belt
J^jml!..!^^:!!^: l --^*^ mtil you examine DR.
WS^^W" PIERCE'B. Has current
/?< S/iv.^^lft regulator and all latest ira-
'"■CWV provementa. Pamphlet
"^tUt fT9e - Callor address DR.
*^* PIKBCK <fe SOX, 704
Sacramento street. San Krancisco. CaL
>SS^DEWEY BcCO. | >»a»>.
E ?PATENT_S^ 3
>^n^2o MARKET SXS.fSSS^