VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 79.
STUART ADMITS
HIS FAILURE
All Fights but the Big
One Are Officially-
Declared Off.
SPORTS ARE DISGUSTED.
Have Given Up Hope of Seeing
a Contest Between Maher
and Fitzsimmons.
JULIAN AGAIN QUIBBLING.
Refuses to Enter Into a Conference to
Arrange for a Meeting on
Friday.
EL PASO, Texas, Feb. 16.— Dan Stuart
announced to the crowd of correspondents
and sports in his office at 8 o'clock to-night
that the Everhardt-Leeds, Walcott-Bright
Eyes, MarshaJl-Dixon and Barry-Murphy
contests were officially declared off, and
that he would pay the forfeit of $500 on
each contest to-morrow. The announce
ment was not coupled with any reasons
for this step, but later it was stated in
Stuart's behalf by one of his associates
that as one of the fights was already past
due and another was scheduled to-morrow
he regarded it useless to carry out the
lesser features of the carnival so long as
the big fight was undecided, and more
over, as the little fellows were beginning
to "kick," the conclusion had been reached
to sponge off the slate, beginning with the
second line.
It is now. more likely than ever that the
first line also will be wiped off to-morrow.
Some complications between the fight
ers are likely to arise as a result of the
abandonment. Leeds and Everhardt, who
were to have fought on Tuesday, should
weigh in to-morrow under forfeit of $1000.
Everhardt, however, recognizing several
days ago that the game was up, has been
taking things easy and gaining flesh, with
the result that he tips the beam to-night
at 140, or eight pounds over weight. Cap
tain G!ori, Leeds' backer, insists, however,
that the weighing-in shall take place, and
says he will claim the forfeit if Everhardt
fails to appear or if he is over weight.
The consensus of opinion among the ex
pert sports remaining here is that the
rights, having been declared off in advance
of the weighing-in, Glori's position is un
tenable.
The question of fight or no fight, so .far
as the big 'uns are concerned, has been
put off for one more day. After having
dragged Maher's representatives down
from Las Cruees to-day Martin Julian re
fused to go into conference, contenting
himself with the oft-»epeated statement of
"We will make known our position to
morrow," as for two weeks before the
Ozark fiasco he chirruped. "We will be in
Hot Springs on October 31."
Fitzsimmons privately expressed him
self this morning to the effect that he re
garded the "jig" as "up," and this is
taken as forecasting his attitude for to
morrow. Both Dan Stuart and Maher,
the latter having been telegraphed for to
night, will have something to say on the
question of forfeit, and the chances are that
the Irishman will not find himself able to
carry things his own way.
Julian and Fitzsimmons came across
from Juarez this morning for the purpose
of meeting the Maher people. The con
ference had been set for noon, but
the train . from . Las Cruees was three
hours late, and after hanging about
for a while the pair went back to
their quarters. When "Buck" Connelly,
who was accompanied by Joe Wolcott,
also of Pittsburg, arrived at 3 o'clock the :
crowd was on the way to the bullfight and
headquarters were deserted. They at once
started for Juarez in a fast rig, and en
countered Julian just as he was entering
the amphitheater. In reply to Connelly's
request for a conference in the evening at
headquarters, with the promoters and cor
respondents as auditors, the brother-in-law
manager reported that Fitzsimmons had a
dinner party for 6 o'clock, and that it
would not be possible for either of them
to come to town until to-morrow morning.
Connelly asked if • Fitzsimmons would
consent to another postponement until
Friday next, with the proviso that if Ma
her's eyes were still affected on that date
no objection would be raised to Fitzsim
mons receiving the forfeiture. To this
Julian replied :
"We will give you an answer to-morrow
morning."
"Why not now," persisted Connelly.
"I have made a journey of several hun
dred miles at your request and some little
consideration is due me as much as to
your dinner party."
"We will answer to-morrow," cuckooed
Julian.
"Give me a straightforward answer here
and now," ejaculated the now thoroughly
aroused Connelly. "I know your mind is
made up and it is as well to answer now
as it would have been three hours ago if
my train had been on time."
"To-morrow." lisped Julian.
Connelly turned on bis heel and bought
a ticket for that section of the amphithea
ter farthest from the seats occupied by the
Fitzsimmons crowd. Oncoming back to
town he went at once to headquarters and
wrote a dispatch to Maher, telling him to
come down on the morning train, even if
he had to envelope his head in a Mexican
blanket. This done, -he said: "We will
see whether or not Fitzsimmons takes the
forfeit in the morning. Friday next Peter
will be in shape to fight for certain, but
we will not put him in the ring a day ear
lier unless we are compelled to. Rather
than concede the" forfeit we will have
Maher in the ropes so that his condition
may be apparent. By doing this we will
save our purse, and the decision will' be
upon the referee. It must not be forgotten,
however, that under the articles the pro
moters must give us twenty-four hours,
notice to get into the ring, and must also
advise us privately where that ring is lo
cated and how we canireach it. We have
The San Francisco Call.
not heard a word from them yet. How
ever, I would like to see the man who
would nay over our forfeit money under
such conditions."
Dan Stuart ana his colleagues listened
to this talk, but said never a word. The
proposed conference of the welter and
feather weights and bantams also failed to
materialize. Marshall, who was to have
met George Dixon, came down from Las
Cruces to-night for the purpose of weigh
ing in to-morrow. He was told by
O'Ronrke, however, that the formality
would bs waived.
Governor Ahnamada sent his secretary
over from Juarez this morning to procure
a supply of the latest American papers
published East of Kansas City. To a rep
resentative of The United Press the Gov
ernor said this evening that he was still
on the alert and proposed to remain at
the post of duty until the lighters had for
a certainty abandoned their plans and
Mexican soil was free from their invasion.
Dan Stuart was pressed acaln to-day by
a number of Eastern men, who are wail
ing over and whistling to keep up their
courage, to give them a candid opinion
upon which they might determine whether
to go home at once or wait a while longer.
One of these, Wells Weidman of Balti
more, spoke his mind freely to the big
promoter. Said he:
"Here I have come nearly 2500 miles on
your say-so, because it was given out that
Dan Stuart had this time a sure-thing con
cession for a fighting carnival and a bull
carnival. Your bull carnival was stopped
and your lights have not materialized.
What sort of a game is it, anyhow? Does
Dan Stuart's word go, or doesn't it?"
But the Baltimorean and those in the
same boat with him are still without satis
faction to-night.
Maher's eyes have improved wonder
fully during the past twenty-four hours.
The catarrhal discharge has been ar
rested, the spots within the lids have van
ished and very little blood remains about
the eyeballs. The face above and below
the eyes, however, is seared from the blis
tering lotions applied by the physicians,
while around the left eye there are several
incrustations. . On the whole, however, the
improvement has been more rapid than
the physician expected.
New articles of agreement are being
drawn up to-night for a fight between
Fitzsimmons and Maher on next Friday.
Buck Connelly says he will deposit $5000
to be forfeited if Maher does not enter the
ring or. Friday. The new agreement will
be submitted to Julian and Fitzsimmons
in the morning. Stuart will use his influ
ence in getting Fitzsimmons' consent to
the new agreement.
Dixon and Marshall have already been
matched to meet before the Long Island
Club March 8 and Bright Eyes and Wal
cott before a Boston club March 15. The
Olympic Club of New Orleans has wired
for the Leeds-Everhart contest, and date
and other details will be settled to-mor
row.
TAME HVTjT.-FIGBTIXG.
! Governor Ahuamada a Spectator at a
Sickening Exhibition,
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 16.— The bull-tights
at Juarez this afternoon attracted a crowd
of 4000, two-thirds men and women from
the American side. It was a brutal and
disgusting exhibition. The first two bulls
looked more like milch cows and were as
harmless as septuagenarian cats. The
prodding of the bauderilleros, instead of
working them into a frenzy only resulted
in their getting down on their haunches
and bellowing piteously, as though they
could not understand what was required
of them or why they should thus be tor
tured.
The matadors also were mere novices,
and one of them broke three sDears in one
of the helpless animals before giving it its
coup. The remaining two bulls put up a
lively fight, with the result that two pica
dors were severely injured and one horse
killed.
Governor Ahuamada with his staff, Col
lector Bauche and the entire force of Chi
huahua State officials, was present. Lieu
tenant-Governor Cortes presided over the
fight. The sight of a horse whose abdomen
had been ripped open by a bull's horn was
so sickening as to cause numbers of the
American spectators to leave the amphi
theater.
At the' close of the fights Fitzsimmons,
who had occupied a box, asked Governor
Ahuamada if he did not consider bull-fight
ing more disgusting than prize-fighting.
The Governor smilingly remarked that it
was the custom of the country, but that
he deprecated the use of horses in bull
fights.
— — — — — — — — — — — -
TWO ItRVTAV MTRI>ERS.
A Kentvckian Confeamett That He Killed
Hit Wife and Xiecc.
Z AUGUSTA, Ky., Feb. 16.— Robert Henry
Laughlin to-day confessed that he brutally
murdered his wife and his niece, Mary
Janes, yesterday morning at his home on
the Rock Spring turnpike.
Laugh lin seemed easy when the visitors
arrived, but as the Marshal asked him
about some blood on his clothing this
manner left him and his hands shook as
he grasped the arms of the. chair. After
persistent questioning by the Marshal
Laughlin half rose from his chair and
burst out weeping as he groaned: "I did
it. I killed 'em both, God help me, and
then tried to kill myself." , v-
After further questioning he acknowl
enged that he had attacked his niece, and
after killing both her and his wife set fire
to the house.
MRS. LEASE IX A FULPIT.
Thousands Assemble to Hear the Re-
formed Reformer Preach.
WICHITA, Kans., Feb. 16.— Mary
E. Lease began her ministerial career in
this city to-night, and it is safe to say that
no minister ever entered upon his labors
with more flattering prospects than did
the noted Kansas woman. The Central
Chinch of Christ, one of the largest in the
city, was crowded to the . limit of its
capacity, and many thousands were turned
away.
It had been expected that Mrs. Lease
would deal largely in sensationalism, but
her theme and its exposition were far re
moved from anything of that nature.
Many noted divines have spoken to
Wichita audiences, but none of them were
accorded such an enthusiastic reception as
was Mrs.' Lease. It is predicted that her
fame as a pulpit orator will far exceed that
which she achieved us a reformer.
Champagne Imports in 1895.
According to Customs Statistics G. H.
Mumm's Extra Dry aggregate ,79,049 cases,
or 45,125 cases more than of .'any other
brand. By chemical analysis of Professor
K. Ogden Doremus, G. H. Mumm's Extra
Dry is the purest and most wholesome
champagne. .:
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
Robbing Peter to Pay Paul.
CAPTIVE CUBANS
PUT TO DEATH
Prisoners in the Cabanas
Said to Have Been
Slain.
GOMEZ WILL RETALIATE
He Will Take a Life for a Life
if the Rumor Proves
True.
CONSUL WILLIAMS DENOUNCED.
An American Correspondent Claims
He Was Denied Protection by
Our Representative.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 16.— The air is
full of rumors. One is that twenty-four
political prisoners in the Cabanas were
shot Wednesday night. General Weyler
says he knows nothing of it. It is also said
Gomez has notified Weyler that if Cubans
in the cities are shot he will retaliate by
shooting Spaniards in the interior of the
island. . vj.vi' ;^, V; "- : ;
Gomez and Maceo are both in Havana
province. The latter moved eastward
after the Candelaria and San Cristobal en
gagements, crossed the military line south
of Guanajay, passed' around Guira de
Melena and is near San Felipe. Gomez
has been a few miles east of San Felipe for
several days. A detached column of rebels
moved north and engaged Managua,
fifteen miles from Havana, where the
volunteers surrendered, joining the in
vaders with arms and ammunition. Other
parties moved even to the outskirts of
Havana, taking the horses of milkmen in
the suburban town of Juburbana, and ex
changed shots with the garrison in the
house at Jesus Monte.
With Castillo's party of 2000 men in the
east and Maceo's force from the west,
Gomez has 6000 men under arms operating
in Havana province. Skirmishes between
the outposts are of daily occurrence. The
Spanish officers of minor grades generally
magnify these into battles, but since the
arrival of Weyler the official reports are
much nearer the truth than formerly.
Volunteers are being sent from Havana
to the field. ■ ■' <
The order forbidding correspondents to
accompany the columns of troops is
strictly enforced, making it difficult to ob
tain reliable news. Very little is given
out officially.
The American correspondent, Mannix,
ordered to leave, owing to having pub
lished obnoxious news, sailed on the Oli
vett for the United States yesterday.
Mannix hied a formal protest with Ameri
can Consnl Williams. Mannix claims the
latter aided the Spanish Government more
than the American citizen. Williams en
deavored to induce Mannix to leave volun
tarily. Mannix refused until served with
an official order. Williams then cabled a
protest to the Washington State Depart
ment, which replied that it saw no cause
for interference. Mannix shows the fol
lowing copy of an official cablegram said
to have been sent to* the Foreign 'Minister
at Madrid on February 8:
El Duan, Madrid: There is no American cor
respondent in jail in Havana, nor - has this
Government threatened any such representa
tives with imprisonment. There is a party,
however, against whom we have received in
dications that his presence here was prejudi- :
cial; he having, it is claimed, written ob- I
noxious news. The matter being laid before
the American Consul, he suggested and under
took to inform tne party that his departure
from the - island was advisable. INo j threats
were made. The Government has^wortred hi
full accord with Mr. Williams, and as a result,
the obnoxious party will- embark to-morrow,
voluntarily, and without 1 compulsion on the
part of this Government, direct or indirect.
By his excellency, El Secundo Cabo Suarez
Valdea.
Consul Williams declined to talk, under
the rules of the office prohibiting the
giving of information to the press.
__J. Frank Clark.
WE JEER ISSUES A UKASE.
Captured Friaonera Will He Subjected to a
Moat Summary Trial.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 16. — Captain-
General Weyler to-night issued a series of
proclamations, in which he still further
defines his proposed policy toward the in
surgents and their sympathizers. The first
proclamation reads as follows:
Article 1. All inhabitants of the district of
Sancti Spiritus and the provinces of Puerto
Principe and Santiago de Cuba will have to
concentrate In places which are the headquar
ters of a division, a brigade, a column or a
troop, and will have to be provided with docu
mentary proof of identity within eitrtit days of
the publication of this proclamation in" the
municipalities. < r~?'.'-7£-
Article 2. To travel in • the country in the
radius covered by the columns in operation it
is absolutely indispensable to have a pass from
the Mayor, military commandants or, chiefs of
detachments. iT--W
Article 3. All owners of commercial estab
lishments in the country districts will vacate
them, and the chiefs of columns will take such
meat ires as the success of th«ir operations
dictates regarding such places which, while
useless for the country's wealth, serve the
enemy as hiding places in the woods and in
the interior.
Continued on Second Page.
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani of Hawaii, Whom President Dole Has Granted a Fa 1 I ar Jon
 [From a. recent. photograph.] ..
LILIUOKALANI
IS FREE AGAIN
Granted a Full Pardon by
the President of
Hawaii.
BUT ONE RESTRICTION.
Must Ask the Consent of Dole
Should She Wish to Leave
Oahu Island.
THE EX-QUEEN IS PLEASED.
Now at Liberty to Roam Over a Por
tion of the Domain of Her
Ancestors.
HONOLULU, • Hawaii. Feb. 7.— Ex-
Queen Liliuokalani has been granted a
full pardon by President Dole. The decree
was signed last night. Tbe only restric
tions it 'placed upon Mrs. Dominis are
that she shall not leave Oahu island with
out the consent of the President or his Cab
inet officers.
The document which restores the ex-
Queen to full freedom would have been
I signed on the 17th of January, but it was
| thought that it would have been distaste
ful to her ex-Majesty to receive it on such
an unpleasant (for her) anniversary. It
was then decided to postpone the matter
until after President Dole's return from
Hawaii. He came back on Tuesday after
noon and the pardon was signed yester
day afternoon. It was written on two
sheets of paper of the kind usually em
ployed in diplomatic correspondence and
sent from the Foreign Office to the ex-
Queen's residence at Washington place by
a special messenger. It reads as follows:
Executive Building,*
Honolulu, Feb. 7. 1806. )
Mrs. LiliuoJcalani Domini*. Washington Place:
With the advice of the Cabinet I take pleasure
in modifying the restriction placed upon your
freedom at the time of your release from your
confinement.
Until further notice only the observance on
your part of the following conditions will be
required by the Government:
Not to leave the island of Oahu without the
consent of the President or a member of the
Cabinet. . ,'
■ I desire to express my appreciation of the
good faith with which you have observed the
requirements of a former letter.
Sanford B. Dole.
The former letter referred to in the fore
going was as follows:
Executive Chamber,
Honolulu, Sept. 6, 1895. j
Madam— By the advice of the Cabinet and
Council of State, I have this day signed an
order releasing you from confinement in the
Executive Building, which order provides that
you may be remanded to confinement at any
time upon the order of the President, and also
that your enlargement is subject to such con
ditions as the President may from time to time
require. BfiP
Until further notice, as conditions of your
enlargement, you will be required to occupy
Washington place in Honolulu as your resi
dence .and will not be allowed to absent your
self therefrom over night without the written
consent of the President or a member of the
Cabinet.
During the term of your sentence, or until
the same is modified as to time, you are re
quired to live In a quiet, unostentatious man
ner and to abstain from having political meet
ings or other gatherings at your residence, or
attending such meetings elsewhere.
You will not be allowed to have a retinue or
guards, and your attendants will be limited to
necessary domestics, the number of which is
hereby fixed at thirteen meu and eight women,
besides children. Mr. Wilson an 1 family will
be allowed to reside at Washington place, if
you desire.
In regard to receiving calls, I would call your
attention to the impropriety of receiving
others under, the circumstances than personal
acquaintances and those coming on business.
Trusting to your own judgment and good
faith to carry out the spirit of these instruc
tions, I would intimate that your conduct will
nave influence upon any future consideration
of the further modification of your sentenc?.
Sanford B. Dole.
To Mrs. Liliuokalani Dominis.
It .is understood that the ex-Queen is
very much pleased with the removal of all
restrictions on her personal liberty. As
she never had any desire to leave the
islands the proviso that she cannot leave
without permission cuts little figure. It
is generally understood that the present
state of affairs has been brought about by
the persistent efforts of Charles B. Wilson,
her late marshal and present »qen4v under
whose advice she has been acting since her
arrest last year. . •;•. V<r
IX TAD Eli HI J~A.FA.NESE.
Hawaii Overrun by Merchants and
Tradesmen Fr om the Orient.
HONOLULU,- Hawaii. Feb. 7.— The
new Japanese. Consul and Diplomatic
Agent, Mr. Shimamura, left for the island
of Hawaii to-day to personally examine
into the condition of the Japanese laborers
on the sugar plantations of that island.
Mr. Shimamura has been working hard
since his arrival to familiarize himself
with the needs of the Japanese colony in
tnese islands, and there is little doubt but
that the Government will soon hear from
him on several matters pertaining to the
welfare of his countrymen.
Leaders of the different Japanese socie
ties are already discussing and drafting
petitions to the coming Legislature for the
passage of bills enhancing their business
opportunities here. The principal aim of
these discussions and petitions is the plac
ing of Japan on a parity with the United
States in regard to the importation of ex?
clusively . manufactured Japanese goods
which do not enter into competition with
those of the United States. Local Japan
ese merechants want all these goods ad
mitted duty free into the Hawaiian repub
lic.
Another matter which will have to be
considered by the Legislature is the re
quest of numerous Japanese for the is
suance to them of letters of denization.
Thus far the Hawaiian Government has
denied these letters to Japanese, or rather
has dallied with the matter without giv
ing ' a decisive answer. This is probably
the entering wedge in a further demand
for suffrage, which the Japanese have
always claimed under the "favored
nations" clause of existing treaties.
Honolulu's white merchants are begin
ning to feel the encroachments of the
Japanese in various lines, of business to
an alarming extent, but they seem to be
powerless to prevent the constantly in
creasing number of stores and consequent
competition. Three years ago the Jap
anese stores in the city could be counted
on the fingers of one hand. To-day there
are over a hundred of them. Japanese
stores of all Kinds are to be found in every
block; there are over 150 barbershops and
bathhouses run by Japanese. They have
even started blacksmith and harness
stores. Japanese . carpenters, painters
and paperhangers underbid white con
tractors 33 per cent, and the Japanese
quarter of Honolulu is daily becoming
more and more Orientalized.
SHOCKED AY A TEMBLOR.
Subterranean JHaturbance* Give Renewed
'■ Activity to a Volcano. '-
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Feb. 7.— There
were several slight shocks of - earthquake
on the island of Hawaii a few nights since.
One peculiar effect from the shaking was to
to cause lava in the pit of Kilauea volcan
to drop suddenly about eighty feet, caus
ing a crust to form over the surface. Fire
broke through the next morning, however,
and the volcano is now more active than
before.
The earthquake evidently opened up
some subterranean fissure into which the
molten lava dropped. When it was filled
the flow of lava went on as usual. Tourists
to the volcano express themselves as
highly pleased with the wonderful sight
afforded them.
Cruise of the Jtoaton.
HONOLULU. Hawaii, Feb. The
cruiser Boston left yesterday morning for
Yokohama. She took on board 650 tons
of coal here, of which. 150: was carried in
sacks on deck. It is expected she will
make Yokohama without difficulty unless
she experiences bad . weather. If so her
i coal supply will run short.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MRS. NANSEN
IS IN DOUBT.
She Has Received No News
From the Fram or
Its Crew.
REPORTS ARE VAGUE.
Scientists Not Yet Prepared to
Believe That the Pole Has
. Been Reached.
THE OPINION IN WASHINGTON.
Rumor of Nansen's Success Believed to
Have Been Started Through
Some Misunderstanding.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.— sDecial
dispatch to the Journal from Christiania
says in regard to Dr. Nansen's reported
discovery of the north pole:
"The news, though exceedingly vague,
is believed by some authorities to have
some foundation; others are in doubt, be
cause of the source from which it origi
nates. I have not the least conception of
where the Fram is now, or when it may be
expected. Eva Nans ex."
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 16.—In
credulity still reigns supreme among the
scientists in Washington best qualified to
form an opinion on the subject as to the
reported return of Nansen, the Norwegian
Arctic explorer, and the still more re
markable story, without details, of his
having drifted to the north pole and
drifted back again. Dr. William 11. Dall,
one of the most experienced paleontologists
of the United States Geographical Survey,
who has made Arctic matters his particu
lar study, to-day said :
"An examination of the telegrams re
ceived shows that the only facts in our
possession are that a rumor has been
received from Yakutsk to the effect that
Nansen is on his way from the polar sea.
The telegram from Archangel is probably
the result of the receipt there of the same
rumor from Russian sources. Since no
message from Nansen himself is received
and no statement of bi3 whereabouts it
seems probable that the rumor is due to a
misunderstanding of some expression of
his anticipated _. arrival by, persons, In
"Northern Siberia, who had been notified
■ to be on the lookout for Nansen's party.
"It is quite generally understood among
Arctic experts that the alleged discovery
of Jeannette relics on the coast of Green
land was due to a foolish prank of some
persons connected with the naval vessel
which visited Greenland the season of
their discovery and that the guilty parties,
after finding their hoax taken seriously
were afraid to confess the truth. Conse
quently the basis of Nansen's theories, so
far as it was formed by these fictitious
relics, is of little weight.
"That drift from the Bering Strait re
gion might, in the course of years, find
its way out of the passage been Iceland
and Greenland is entirely possible, as
the incident of the Alaskan throwing
a stick proves; but the particular instance
is due to the special circumstances of the
case — temporary winds, currents, etc. — in
all probability, and there is as yet no evi
dence of any permament system of drift.
"If such a system existed it would be
incomprehensible why nothing has ever
been found of the multitude of wrecks
which have been known to drift into the
polar basin from the Bering Strait region,
and of which nothing has ever turned up."
The El Dorado Floated.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.-The
steamer El Dorado, Captain Byrne, re
ported ashore on Oyster Island, was floated
at high water last ni ht after discharging
E'art of its cargo. The vessel lost two
lades of its propeller, otherwise it was
uninjured.
NEW TODAT.
rf^~~\ When a baby comes
«to the house real hap-
ftr v 3 tfL^P piness comes. Worry
J^V) Jj _vjf> \ 1 and work and care an d
ft\Ey^sr*&^ anxiety count for noth-
/ Jfflr , f^TVing against the
C-e fMSft^y Jp^' smoothly dainty,
L^JSfHf^j NJ^ clinging touch of the
WMr' rifta w» little hands and the
j^Sl!(K i!|fWl Jjfc. sound of the little
/K^'^jSflfflft «y voice. The highest
ffi^l''f , lw ?* function given to hu-
MW'4 t'^wwSm. SW man beings is bring-
m'\'\v\ lilll'wlM'r ing healthy, happy
Ball! 1 1 1 f'lig.^tt 1 children into the
JKhpliummßwjJP world. Nothing equals
•Jarer^ that — nothing com-
h3g£s, pensates for the loss
t> of it. The woman
who has not borne a child has never come
to the real fullness of womanhood. Over
thirty years ago the needs of women ap-
pealed to Dr. Pierce, now chief consulting
physician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surg-
ical Institute, of Buffalo, N. Y. The result
of his study improved by thirty years of
practice is embodied in Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription. It serves but one pur-
pose. It strengthens, purifies and makes
healthy the organs distinctly feminine. It
gives weak women the strength and health
necessary for the production of healthy
children and it makes the bearing of those
children easy. It is sure to cure any weak-
ness "or derangement peculiar to women;
stops pain, soothes inflammation, strength-
ens, purifies, invigorates. .Thousands of
homes have been made happy by its use.
Thousands of letters like this one from
Mrs. W. P. Cain, of Clinton, Allegheny Co., Pa.,
who writes : "1 was affected with all sorts of fe-
male trouble. I tried three doctors, and seven
kinds of patent medicine, and found no relief.
My husband said 'try Dr.' Pierce's medicine."
I told him I might as well throw his money in
the fire as to try anything more. I had lost all
hope." I had not taken more than half a bottle,
when I could eat and sleep well. I took four
bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription, and
■everal vials of his - Pellets." One year after I
gave birth to a fine baby girl. I got along so
much better than when mv other child was born.
Three of my friends are taking your medicine*,
and are improving." Yours truly.
JU, 9iT<ft &****
Dc, Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser, a
naB m*« doctor book, profusely illustrated, of
W*tchb3o,*» hay» been sold at $1.50 a copy will
fc* sent free on receipt of at cents to cover
cost of mailing only. World's Dispensary Me*.
leal Association, 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N ,X,
' ' *T* . " *""""" ••"■' ■2
OURFA'S STREETS
DYED CRIMSON.
Thousands of Armenians
Perish Under the
Sword.
ONE DAY OF HORROR.
I
Massacre of the Native Christians
Described by an Ameri
can Missionary.
FOREIGNERS ARE PROTECTED.
Forced to Remain as Idle Spectators of
the Slaughter— The Plunder
Complete.
LONDON', Eks., Feb. 16.— United
Press correspondent at Constantinople
sends the following information : The fol
lowing is a letter from Miss Corinna Shat
tuck, dated Ourfa, January 7:
"We had often heard that the Moslems
were dissatisfied with the attempt of Oc
tober 2?, which resulted in the destruction
of only forty lives and about £150,000
worth of goods, the plunder of 600 shops
and 239 houses. After this the Christians
were all completely disarmed by the Gov
ernment. Some eighty men had been im
prisoned, and it was feared that there
would be another scene of terror. It came
at last with great suddenness.
"On Saturday. December 23, the firing of
a few guns in the Moslem quarter proved
the signal. Immediately an immense mul
titude gathered on the hill on the side of
the city. • The guards in the streets went
to meet the.people, fired a few shots over
their heads and then . allowed the mass of
wild humanity, thirsty for blood, to pass
into the city and begin their work. The
horrid work continued until dark. Three
soldiers kept the mob back from a street
which they wished to guard, constantly
proclaiming: 'It is the house of a for
eigner whom it is forbidden to touch.'
"I saw one man beaten and then shot
down on the roof just opposite to me on
the other side of the- street. The Syrians
and Roman Catholics were also spared.
All oilier Christians suffered complete loss
of ail home furnishings and some houses
were burned.
"The number of killed cannot he less
than 3500 and may reach 4000. Of tnese
it is estimated that 151)0 perished in the
great Gregorian church. On Saturday
that portion of the city was hardly touched
and great numbers of Armenians flocked
to the church for safety that night. Sun
day morning it begun again at daybreak,
and when the mob reached the church
the soldiers broke open the doors. Then,
entering, they begin the butchery, which
became a great holocaust. ' It was partici
pated in by many classes of Moslems.
"For two days the air of the city was
unendurable. Then began the clearing
up. During two days we saw constantly
men lugging sacks filled with bones and
ashes. The dragging off of 1500 bodies for
burial in trenches wag more quickly com
pleted, some being taken on animals. The
last work of all has been the clearing of
the wells. From one very large well
it is said that sixty bodies were taken.
It is well authenticated that twenty
bodies were taken from another well.
"About 300 persons escaped from the
church by way of the roof, which was
reached by a narrow staircase on the in
side.
"Shortly after noon on Sunday some
fifteen or more of the prominent citizens
and Government officials (not including
the mutessariff or the military com
mander), preceded by a military band and
mounted guard made a grand parade cf
the city. They entered th* inclosure of
foreigners, and assured them of perfect
safety and begged them not to be alarmed,
as 'it was nothing that pertained to them.
"The work did not cease until dark on
Sunday, the 20th. On Monday the Kurds
and Arabs were prevented from entering
the city, the firing ■ beginning about dawn.
All day Sunday a strong guard was about
the American premises. A captain Of the
army sat upon his horse for hours at the
northwast corner, just outside of the
church. Repeatedly the foreigners re
ceived salutations and assurances of per
fect safety from Government officials
during that longest of days. It was evi
dent that the utmost was done to protect
them.
"The work of plunder is complete. Lit
erally, naught remains. Our wounded are
many. I have eighteen under my im
mediate care. There is only one doctor
for the whole city. He has 350 and can
not care for more. The Government pro
vides about 200 loaves of bread daily for
the poor. But all this kindness will soon
come to an end and utter poverty will be
the lot of most.
"The Protestant pastor, Rev. H. Abou
hayatian. and several efficient members of
the church are among the dead. An effort
was made to secure the body of the pastor
for separate funeral, but failed.
"The custom in these affairs, so general
in Turkey, seem to be for one party to rush
ahead and kill. This is followed by an
other party, which hurries off the women
and children to some mosque, khan or
some Moslem house temporarily open for
their reception. Lastly, this operation is
followed by the - stripping of the houses.
"Markets are closed and it is very diffi
cult to get some things much needed. We
have had but forty-five beds given back to
us of those plundered, and a few pieces of
copper. As yet I failed to secure more or
instructions as to method of procedure for
individuals to secure stolen goods. The
Government has large numbers of beds,
aim much copper was stored for return to
the owners, but all fear to stir lest the end
has not yet come.
"To-day the long expected soldiers have
arrived— Boo or 1000. Our city has been
hitherto guarded by resident soldiers. We
must have your prayers and your pecun
iary aid. How. are the people to live
through this winter?
R USSIA OBJECTS.
Why the United States Cannot Have a
IHepatch- Boat at Constantinople.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Feb.
16.— The representative of the United
Press in this city learns that Miss White,
a member of the family of Rev. George E.
White, an American missionary at Mar
sovan, has died from smallpox.
. It is reported that Russia alone objects
o the United States having a dispatch
boat here. The Hon. A. W. Terrell, the
American Minister, has referred the mat
ter to Washington for settlement with the
Government at St. Peters
Miss Clara Barton and her colleagues of
the Red Cross Society have arrived here.
APPEAL TO. WOMEN.
American Wives and Daughters Asked to
Aid Armenians.
■■• NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 16.— The fol
lowing appeal has been issued to the |
Women of the United States by the Ar
; menian Relief Association :
1 "In the midst of the black ruins of hun
-1 dreds of Armenian villages and once
peaceful homes, appalled by the horrible
murder of 50,000 men, women and chil
dren, shelterless, hungry and in fear of
death, 300,000 Christian people, mostly
women and children, are ready to perish
in the terrible cold of a highland winter.
A strong hand must reach out to bring
some measure of adequate and instant re
lief.
"The Duke of Westminster, president of
the London Relief Committee, has in
formed the Armenian Relief Association
that committees for the distribution of
help have been established in thirteen
principal cities under the supervision of
British consular officers and American
missionaries. One dollar suffices to sup
ply one person with food for two months,
so that at least $250,000 more are required
to keep the people from starvation until
next April.
"Is it not natural that the woman heart
of the West should be touched by the un
paralleled affliction and peril of the women
of Armenia?
"We appeal to 10-30 women of America
to send $100 each, to save at least 100,000
women and children in the depth of the
winter that is upon them. The money
will be sent direct by cable through Con
stantinople to the committees for imme
diate distribution. Checks should be sent
to Charles H. Stent, treasurer Armenian
Relief Association, National Bank of the
Republic, 2 Wall street, New York.
"Will woman's societies and individuals
willing to aid in this work kindly address
the Armenian Relief Association, Mail
and Express building, New York, for
copies of the appeal ready for mailing to
friends. Heeaxt M. Kiketchjian,
• . ;^; General Secretary.''
SENATOR QUAY'S CHANCES
His Managers Are Confident
That He Will Go Upon
the Ticket.
Chairman Leach Disclaims the Rumor
That He Is but Engineering
a Political Move.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Fob. 16.—Chair
man Frank Willing Leach of the Republi
can State Executive Committee returned
yesterday from Washington, where he had
been since Thursday, visiting many politi
cians, including Quay. Being asked to
throw further light on the announcement
of the Senator's candidacy for the Presi
dency, Mr. Leach remarked that his busi
ness in Washington was to get that in
formation.
"I have returned home," he said, "with
a full understanding of the programme of
Senator Quay's friends throughout the
country. For three months a score of the
Republican leaders of the several States
have been urging him to permit the use of
his name, but it was not until a few days
ago that he gave his assent."
To the question whether there would be
an aggressive contest in support of Sena
tor Quay. Chairman Leach replied:
"Yes, the battle is on, and it is a right to
a finish, so far as Quay is concerned.
What I learned in Washington was in the
nature of a revelation to me. I came in
contact with a good many of the leading
members of both houses, as well as with a
number of national committeemen and
other Republican leaders outside of Con
gress, and I am satisfied that Colonel
Quay is the first choice of many of them
and the second choice of nearly all."
Mr. Leach emphatically denied that the
Senator's candidacy was merely for the
purpose of holding the Pennsylvania dele
gation together.
"He is earnestly and aggressively a can
didate and will remain so until the end,"
said he.
ELK IX A CANDIDATE.
His Intentions Announced in a Talk
With a Friend.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17— The Jour
nal says this morning: It was authorita
tively asserted yesterday that Senator
Stephen B. Elkins of West Virginia had
announced himself as a candidate for
the Presidential nomination at the St.
Louis convention. It is said that Mr. El
kins can count on the delegates from his
State and New Mexico, together with some
from the Southern States.
The person giving the information said
that he had had a conversation with Mr.
Elkins in Washington on Saturday, and ,
he admitted that he would allow his name
to be presented to the convention.
GLASS WORKS DESTROYED.
The Buckeye Factory Razed by a Mid
night Conflagration.
MARTINS FERRY, 0., Feb. 17.— The
Buckeye Glass Works, owned by A. D.
Seamon of Wheeling of W. Va., one of
the largest plants of the kind in the
country, caught fire at midnight. It
represents an original investment of
$150,000. There are no hopes of sav
ing it and the firemen have turned
their attention -to saving surrounding
buildings. The new $30,000 city light plant
is in danger.
The glass house, which employs non
union men and was the cause of much
rioting some time ago, was to resume work
March 1. The insurance is light. The
plant will be a total loss. The origin of
the fire is unknown.
RANK ER DAI ACQ ITT ED.
Filching Money From Depositors Not a
Crime in Wisconsin.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Feb. 16.— Banker
F. T. Day of the defunct Plankinton Bank
was to-night found not guilty of the
charge of having taken money from de
positors, although he knew the bank to
be insolvent. The jury of the Municipal
Court had been out for thirty hours and
thirty minutes.
The prosecution made application for a
trial on the second count of the original
information, in which a similar charge is
made, with the difference that it is claimed
to have, occurred at a later date, but it is
almost certain that a trial on this charge
will not be granted. Banker Day is still
under bond.
COLD WEATHER IN THE EAST.
The Mercury Drops Below the Zero Mark
.'-'.-. in Aew York State.
ELMIRA, N. V., Feb. 17.— At midnight
the mercury registered 10 degrees below
zero, a drop of 30 degrees in ten hours.
BINGH AMTON, N.J ; Y., Feb. 1 17.-At
midnight it was from 4 to 8 degrees below
zero here, according to locality and expo
sure. '
SYRACUSE, N. V., Feb. 17.— The ther
mometer has dropped 40 degrees within
the last twenty-four hours. From ram and
slush the weather has changed to intense
cold, with quite a flurry of snow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
FEUD AT THE
BERLIN COURT
Emperor William Snubs M.
Herbette, the French
Embassador.
IS PERSONA NON GRATA.
The Kaiser Refuses to Mingle
With Diplomats When His
Enemy Is Present.
SENSATION AT A RECEPTION.
Why the Traditions of the Father
land's Rulers Were Ignored at
the Subscription Ball.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 16.— The Ber
lin season reached its climax on "Wednes
day, upon the "occasion of the annual
subscription ball, which took place in the
Berlin Opera-house. The present season
has been in all respects the dullest of any
social season since the accession of Em
peror William to the imperial throne.
This may be readily accounted for by the
fact that the court is in mourning owing
to the recent death of Prince Alexander of
Prussia and the Grand Duchess of Olden
burg, and another reason may he found in
the withdrawal from Berlin of such emi
nent social leaders as Prince Frederick of
Hohenzollern, Prince Albert of Saxe-
Altenburg, the Duke and Duchess of Eati
bor, the Prince and Princess of Stolberg-
Wernigerode and the Prince and Princess
of Pleas, all of whom have been moved to
quit the capital through differences with
the Emperor, whose arbitrary manners
have become intolerable to those who were
accustomed to the social courtesy which
prevailed during the reign of the old Em
peror, William I.
These causes have combined greatly to
reduce the number of aristocrats in Ber
lin and the tradesmen have consequently
suffered severely and the desertion of the
capital by the most prominent of the old
time social leaders during the period in
which hitherto the Berlin shopkeepers
and other tradesmen formerly gathered in
the real profits of their year's business,
has left nothing for these unfortunate
merchants to hope for in the way of re
couping themselves for the'r outlay in the
accumulation of stock, though the bril
liancy of the assembly at the opera-house
Wednesday evening would seem to refute
the stories of extreme embarrassment of
the tradesmen.
The annual subscription ball is one of
the functions of the year at which those
who are in no way attached to the court
circles and are not recognized as being
eligible to association with the higher
court circles are permitted to mix with the
court personages. At this function, in the
old days, it was a custom for the King of
Prussia to select a burgher's daughter for,
a partner and dance with her, but nowa
days the court merely deigns to join in a
stately walk-around, the Emperor, the
Empress and the officials of the imperial
household marching in procession to the
music of a Strauss Polonaise.
At Wednesday evening's ball the crush
exceeded that of any that has been known
in the experience of the oldest habitue of
this function. A crowd numbering thou
sands, among whom were many ladies re
splendent with diamonds, bankers, manu
facturers and other representatives of the
wealthiest class of the community waited
to view the imperial procession, but they
waited in vain. The court party made its
appearance in the imperial box, attended
by the members of the court. When the
royalties had taken their places the or
chestra struck up the music of the pro
gramme for dancing and kept going from
number to number, and it was some time
before any one realized that there was to
be no procession.
Everybody was asking what had hap
pened to cause the Emperor, who is a
stickler for traditional customs, to aban
don the precedent which has endured for
years. Though the public did not know
the court knew and the diplomatic circle
also knew.
The Emperor has a feud with M. Her
bette, the French Embassador, who was
present in his double function of foreign
Embassador and dean of the diplomatic
corps. It has been the unvarying rule at
this function that at the conclusion of
the court procession the imperial party
has paid a visit to the diplomatic group
and was received by the dean of the corps.
The Emperor decided to avoid a reception
by M. Herbette, and therefore ordered
that the procession be abandoned. This
slight seems to be a person 1 one, but it
may possibly have important political
results.
A report is in circulation which is gener
ally credited in the diplomatic circle that
the Emperor is going to Hubertustock to
remain over the carnival, so" as to avoid
the duty of receiving M. Herbette at the
court ball. If M. Herbette should be re
called in the meantime, the Emperor will
return in time to be present at the ball.
M. Herbette has made his continuance
at his post impossible through a suces
sion of acts which have been . offensive 4 to
the Emperor's ideas of gentlemanly de
portment. Members of the diplomatic
corps are free to say that, while M. Her
bette is a diplomat of undoubted ability,
he is by no means a courtier. : His man-
ners are conspicuonsly bad, and his share
in influencing the recall of : Lieutenant
Baron de Grancy, the naval attache to the
French Embassy here, representing that
tie was not a persona grata with the Ger
man court, brought things to a crisis. : The
Cologne Gazette prints a vicious article on
the subject, declaring that the relations
between Germany and France have been
rendered a great deal worse than they
have been, or otherwise could have' been,
through the presence of M. Herbette in
Berlin as the chief representative of
France. The article has created a great
sensation. ' . ■•■.. ,
The group which clustered about the
Empress at the subscription ' ball included
the Em press ; Frederick, Princess Freder
ick Leopold of Prussia and ;i Princess Fe
dore of Schleswig-Holstein, sister of the
Empress, the Princess of Reuss, Duchess
Wilhelm of Mecklenburg and Princess
Margaret of Hesse. The "Empress wore a
gown of white taffeta silk embroidered
with large flowers. Her corsage was cut
low and •" ornamented diamonds
Upon her head was a diadem of diamonds
and about her neck a necklace of rubies
and brilliants. ; '
X.RAYS IX SURGERY.
Leaden Fell eta Located and Removed
From a Young Man's Hand. .
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 16. — Baron
yon Beuol-Berenberg, President of the
Reichstag, issued invitations last week to
the Ministers, members, of the Reichstag,
the Bundesrath and the German press to
be present at a special exhibition of the
Roentgen jays, which was given by Pro
fessor Spiess in the session hall of the
Reichstag on Thursday. The great hall
was crowded and most of the Ministers
were present.
Professor Spiess, after making a number
of experiments, delivered an explanatory
address in which he suggested that sci
ence would soon be so developed that one
would be able to photograph the contents
of secret documents through the letter
boxes. The only means of safety the Min
isters had, he said, was to use letter-boxes
made of lead.
Professor Bergmann, the eminent Ger
man surgeon, performed the first surgical
operation in the hospitals here through
the use of the Roentgen rays. The pro
fessor extracted a number of pellets which
had been for a long time imbedded in the
hand of a young man. The position of the
pellets, which had previously been probed
for without success, was made known
through the medium of the rays. Professor
Bergmann told the medical students who
witnessed the operation that while the
discovery of the rays was a welcome addi
tion to surgical diagnosis it could not be
compared in respect of usefulness to the
recent achievements attained by the use
of .the antiseptic discoveries of Professor
Esmarck. Foreign objects in the human
body which were not a source of trouble,
he says, ought to be left there, especially
in cases where an operation would be
dangerous.
STRIKES IX GERMAXY.
Tailors Rebel Against Starvation Wages
in the "Sweatshops."
BERLIN, German, Feb. 16.— The male
tailors have struck against starvation
wages and bad treatment generally, and
the Government has taken the side of the
strikers, male and female, the female tail
ors and seamstresses having gone out sev
eral days ago. The employers of these
workers are mostly "sweaters."
The Vorwaerts, in an article on the
strikes, cautions the strikers against com
mitting excesses, which, it warns them,
will weaken the public sympathy which
they now have almost unanimously.
Eight incendiary fires have occurred
within a short period in the populous
Moabit district of Berlin, and the in
habitants of the city are greatly alarmed
thereat. Several arrests of supposed in
cendiaries have been made, but as yet
there is no direct evidence against them.
In each case combustible material satu
rated with petroleum has been found in
the buildings set on fire. The fires are at
tributed to anarchists, and the police be
lieve that the incendiaries are working
conjointly with a number of their asso
ciates who act as claimants of the 300
marks' reward which is given for the dis
covery of a fire.
MUST DECLARE HIMSELF.
German Ritnetallists Send a Letter of
Inquiry to Cleveland.
BERLIN. Germany, Feb. 16.— 1n con- j
nection with the silver debates in the j
Reichstag Herr yon Kardorff, as president
of the Bimetallic League of Germany, has
sent a letter to President Cleveland asking
whether the statements recently made by
Dr. Theodore Barth, the eminent German
monometallist, member of the Reichstag
for Berlin, that Mr. Cleveland had assured I
him that he wonla veto any silver bills
that Congress might pass were tru«. Dr.
Barth, Herr yon Kardorff wrote to Presi
dent Cleveland, had pretended that he
had received the authority of the Presi
dent upon one of the visits which he had
made to the United States of late to ex
press his views upon the silver question
and he was desirous to know whether or
not this was the fact.
Herr yon Kardorff 's letter was forwarded
to Washington through the United States
embassy here. : ■ „-.V
STEIN'S DEMAXD REFUSED.
The Forfeited Bond of the Xew York
Capitalist Will Xot lie Refunded.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 16.— Baron
yon Leotirode, Bavarian Minister of Jus
tice, made a statement in the Landtag last
week, in which he said it would be impos
sible to refund the 80,000 marks, the
amount of bond forfeited by Mr. Louis
Stein, of New York, by his failure to sur
render himself and serve the sentence of
fine and imprisonment imposed for insult
ing Baron yon Thuengen, deputy commis
sioner of the Spa at Kissingen. The par
don which had been granted him through
the proclamation of amnesty issued by the
Prince Regent only benefited Stein
in so far as it enabled him to return to Ba
varia without being compelled to serve
out his sentence.
TO RECOGXIZE FERDINAND.
Germany Will Oppose the Wishes of the
Russian Government.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. .16.— Freiherr
Marschall' von Bieberstein, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, has informed the Turkish
Embassador here that Germany will recog
nize Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria as the
rightful ruler of Bulgaria.
On a Tour of Inspection.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 16.- Lieuten
ant-Colonel Ludlow, military attache to
the United States embassy to Great Brit
ain, passed through Berlin last week on
his return from a tour of inspection to the
Corinth Canal, which work he undertook
in obedience to orders from the Washing
ton Government. Colonel Ludlow has
now gone to Kiel to survey the Baltic-
North Sea Canal. "
Compliment to Americans.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 16.—Ex-Em
press Frederick, as a patroness of the
Episcopal Church in Berlin, has given a
dinner to Mr. J. B. Jackson, United States
Charge d'Affaires, who was recently
elected to the executive committee as
chairman, in compliment to the American
section of the church. •
WILLIAM'S NEW YACHT.
Germany's Kaiser Preparing for Con
quests on the Wave.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 16. — The Daily
Graphic will to-morrow say that Emperor
William is the owner of the large racing
yacht that is now being built by D. &W.
Henderson & Co. of Glasgow after a de
sign by G. L. Watson. The yacht is being
constructed on t the ', blocks used for the
Valkyrie 111, and the ; same secrecy re
garding her dimensions and lines is ob
served as was the case when the latter
yacht was building.
Would Lead a Regiment.
ROME, ; Italy, Feb. 16.— The Duke of
Aosta, 'i; nephew iof - King Humbert, has
begged his Majesty and General Mecenni,
Minister of War," to allow him to take
command of his regiment, the Fifth Ar
tillery, which has been selected . to re
enforce the Italian army operating against
the Abyssiniaus.
QUIET SABBATH
AT FRANKFORT.
Many Weary Solons Have
Gone to Their Country
Homes.
PAIRED BEFORE LEAVING
Their Possible Indefinite Absence
Alarms the Steering
Committees. .
THE HUNTER FORCES ANXIOUS.
They Hold a Conference to Try to
Bring Back Bolters to the
; Fold.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 16.—Frank
fort enjoyed a more quiet Sunday to-day
than any Sabbath has been during this
session of the Legislature. But four of
the members have remained in town.
Some of those who left early yesterday
arc making their first visit home since
they came, and once there the temptation
to remain over a while may cause a com
motion among the members of the steer
ing committees to-morrow. Most of those
I leaving for home, however, provided for
| any such contingencies by arranging pairs
before they left. The men likely to be
caught "tardy are the fellows from the
mountain counties, who have long fides
from and to the nearest railroad stations,
and this is rather unfortunate for Dr.
Hunter, as most of them are of his party.
Their departure at '"is crisis with a
chance of not being on hand at Monday's
joint session is a strong indication that the
enthusiasm in his behalf is growing a little
cold, and the disposition to try to end the
long and unsatisfactory contest by sub
stituting another name for his is spread
ing.
As indicated in these dispatches a couple
of days ago, the likelihood is that alter
Monday's ballot there will be an effort
made to show what strength the name of a
new man will develop.
That man is pretty sure to be ex-Chief
Justice Holt. It is very certain that he
will get the vote of Representative Carroll
from Louisville, who is his son-in-law, and
possibly that of Mr. Poor, the Populist.
With these two additions and any short
age on the Democratic side he is elected.
But it is safe to predict that Mr. Carroll's
vote will hardly be cast for him if it is the
one to elect him. So it is a difficult matter
to make any forecast of the result as far as
Holt is concerned. Judge Burnett might
secure the votes of both the Populists, Ed
rington and Poor. His attitude on the
Goebel bill makes his candidacy dangerous
to the bill, as it points to some trading in
which the fate of the bill in the House is
involved. '.■'•■■'.•/•
That some plan is being laid to-day in
Louisville to end the Senatorial contest is
well assured, but it will not be developed
till Tuesday or Wednesday unless the sit
uation to-morrow offers the opportunity
of electing Hunter or Blackburn. Gen
eral Echols and his able lieutenants are
not idle to-day, you may be sure. And
the matter of whether Kentucky shall
have a Republican Senator for the first
time in the history of the party or Joe
Blackburn be sent back to his old seat, is
of small importance to them, in compari
son with the question of the repeal of the
Southern Pacific charter.
In spite of the opposition of the Louis
ville Democratic dailies Blackburn is
stronger to-day by reason of the dissatis
faction in the Republican ranks with the
Hunter prospect than he was the first day
of toe balloting. With Hunter's weaken
ing additional efforts are being made to
bring the sound-money men into line for
Blackburn.
The influence of Secretary Carlisle has
been invoked to induce them to stand to
the caucus nominee. If Carlisle consents
to act in the matter he may influence
some, but hardly change Weissinger or
Carroll. The former is too obstinate and
the latter too much under the influence of
the Courier-Journal, which never gives up
a fight till it is beaten— when it first up
braids the treachery of its opponents and
then blacklists them. x
With a full attendance and Weissinger
and Carroll still refusing to dress up to
the Democratic line, Blackburn can't well
win, but Bronston, Goebel and his other
leaders are very full of resources and there
is no telling what will happen.
Weissinger's persistent obstinacy is good
for the Goebel bill, as he is antagonizing
the Blackburn men more and more, and
his opposition to it will only serve to make
them support it.
To-morrow will probably show some
thing of the plans of both sides.
THE HUNTER MEN' UNEASY.
An Effort to Re Made to Bring Back the
Bolters. \
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 16.— A con
ference was held by the Hunter forces to
night for the purpose of trying to bring
back the bolters to the Hunter fold. It is
reported that a proposition was made to
them that if they would come back and
try to secure Hunter's election for another
week, at the end of that time Hunter
would be withdrawn and his strength
thrown to Judge Holt. Senator Rum
mans has declared his intention of run
ning Hunter off the track, but it is not be
lieved that he will attempt such a proposi
tion.'-r:i/:,....
Judge Holt, it is claimed, can secure one
more vote than any other candidate.
Appeal to Carlisle.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 16.—Secre
tary Carlisle lias received a petition nu
merously signed by Democratic members
of .the Kentucky Legislature, asking him
to use his influence with the bolting Demo
crats to induce them to vote for the Demo
cratic caucus nominee , for United : States
Senator. Mr. Carlisle will probably, reply
to the petition the coming week.
EXPLOSION IX A SATCHEL.
An Officer Injured While Testing a Safe-.
; : . Cracker's Nitro- Glycerine.
OMAHA, Neb., Feb." 16.— At Papillion,
just south of .Omaha, last night, the City
Marshal saw two men /acting suspiciously
and tried with four assistants to arrest
them. I. They : , fled I with a satchel, \ which
they at length dropped. An exchange of
shots occurred, but the robbers escaped. ;S;
The satchel was found to contain a fine
kit of . burglar tools and a filled water
bottle. The bottle was cautiously placed
near a creek and a shot fired into it. The
earth was ; shaken for several hundred
yards, all the windows in the neighbor
hood were broken and the man who shot
the revolver was so badly injured that he
cannot recover for some weeks, The fluid
was pronounced to be nitroglycerine, and
the escape from a calamity is regarded as
miraculous.
A search is being made for the burglars,
who intended, it is believed, to rob the
Bank of Papillion.
FJ.URE IS REASSURED.
France's President. Xotified That the
Cabinet Will Xot Resign.
PARIS, France, Feb. IG.— Prime Minis
ter Bourgeois this afternoon visited the
Palace of the Elysee and informed Presi
dent Faure that the Cabinet had decided
unanimously not to resign in consequence
of the two votes in the Senate blaming the
Government for the appointment of Judge
Poitevin to conduct the inquiry into the
Southern Railway scandal. The Ministers
held that the vote of confidence adopted
by the Chamber of Deputies on the same
interpellation that led to the adverse vote
in the Senate was sufficient justification
for them to remain in office. The Cabinet
will hold another meeting on Tuesday.
Suspends the Diet's Sitting.
TOKIO, Japan, Feb. 16.— The Emperor
has sent a message to the Diet suspending
its sitting for ten days. When the mes
sage was received the Diet was discussing
the situation growing out of the recent
revolution in Korea, which resulted in the
murder of the Prime Minister and other
officials and the King's taking refuge in
the Russian legation.
JACKSON LEADS THE WAY.
Officers Shown to the Spot
Where Pearl Bryan Met
Death.
The Negro Driver's Strange Story
Discredited in His former
Home.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 16.— George
Jackson, the negro driver'who claims to
have driven Jackson, Walling and Pearl
Bryan to the scene of the Fort Thomas
murder, was put into a conveyance this
morning and told to drive over the same
route he followed on that fatal night.
With him went a large party of detectives
and newspaper men.
Jackson drove the vehicle over a deso
late route, through mud and brush, and
finally stopped a short distance from
where the headless body was found; then,
taking a by-path, he led the party directly
to the spot. His wonderful accuracy in
picking his way through the woods in the
dark, coupled with his identifying the
prisoners last night in a crowd of forty
men, lends color to his story, which is
only discredited by his continued silence
for nearly two weeks while the country
was talking of the crime.
Mullen, the livery stable man from
whom the negro Johnson claims the sur
rey he drove Jackson and Walling with
their victim to the scene of the murder,
finds by reference to his books that the
vehicle was rented out on the night of the
murder. An examination of the surrey
to-night disclosed what is believed to be
blood stains in the bottom on the seat. A
small bead, exactly like the ones on Pearl
Bryan's hat, was also found in the bottom
of the surrey.,- , -.-:,
Sentiment is divided as to faith in Jack
son's statements, but nobody accepts it !
without hesitation. . v .  ; . ;
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Feb. 16.— George
H. Jackson, the negro who claims to have
driven the cab that carried Pearl Bryan to
death, lived here until about the middle of j
October. He was, up to about that date,
hostler for Dr. A. H. Vance. Chief of Po
lice Van Tassel, together with the family
of Dr. Vance, regard Jackson's story as a |
"fake," knowing as they do his reputation
M a seeker after notoriety.
Jackson, only a few days before he left !
here for Cincinnati, showed up at police
headquarters and told a wild tale about j
being held-up shortly after midnight by j
William Melvin, while on his way home
from a lodge meeting.
The evidence secured showed that at the
time Melvin wa3 in "Washington Court
house, and that a watch Jackson claimed
had been stolen was here in one of the
pawnshops.
Police Court Bailiff Johnson stated to
night that there is a charge hanging over
Jackson here now for embezzlement, pre
ferred by a lodge he belongs to, the United
Brethren of Protection.
Major Hoover, a well-known citizen, said
to-night in commenting on Jackson's
story: "Jackson's story is simply absurd.
Why should Doc Jackson and Walling in
crease their danger by dragging a third
and unknown party into the plot, and es
pecially when he was not needed?"
CAPTIVE .cms
PUT TO DEATH,
Continued from First Page.
Article 4. All passes hitherto issued hereby
become null and void.
In the second proclamation, after for
mally assuming the captain-generalship
of the army, he continues:.
Prisoners caught in action will b<» subjected
to the most summary trial, without any other
investigation, except that indispensable for
the objects of the trial. -". ' :
I make known that, taking advantage of the
temporary insecurity of communication be
tween the district capitals and the rest of the
provinces, notices which convey uneasiness
and alarm are invented and propaeated and
some persons, more daring still, have taken
advantage of this to draw the de
luded and the ignorant to the rebel
ranks. I am fully determined to have
the laws obeyed and to make known by special
means the dispositions ruling and frequently
applied during such times as > the present,
through which the island is now passing, and
to make clear how far certain points go in
adapting them to the exigencies of war. 1
make known, order and command that the fol
lowing cases are subject to military law, among
others specified by the law:
Clause 1. Those who invent or propagate by
any means notices or assertions favorable to
the rebellion shall be considered as being
guilty of offense against the integrity of the
nation.
2. Those who destroy or damage railroad
lines, telegraph or telephone wires or appa
ratus, or those who interrupt communications
by opening bridges or destroying highways.
3. Those guilty of arson.
4. Those who sell, facilitate, convey or de
liver arms or ammunition to the enemy, or
who supply such by any other means.
5. Those who, being telegraphers, divulge
telegrams referring to the war, or who send
them to persons who should not be cognizant
of them. - ' •.<.-'-.,•-■••
6. Those who,. in any manner, revile the
prestige of Bpaln, her army, the volunteers or
firemen or any other force that ; co-operate
with the army. ._
.";.-.- . . died. -':
REGAN— In this city, February 16, 1896, Mary,
beloved f wife of William Regan and mother of
Willie, Mamie, Catherine, Alice and Edward
Regan, and sister of John and Katie Kidney, a
native of Kinaale, County Cons, Ireland, aged 33
years."- '• --■■-'-.-/.*;.--•»----•-.■.
" jW -Notice of funeral hereafter. -
SEW 10-DAT.'
Mortis Wool
Our Fortifications are
our soldiers arrayed in
line handling- tons and
j tons of cloth forthe ben-
efit of the public, and
thereby throwing de-
structiveness into the
camps of our so-called
competitors.
Our stronghold our
Generals have mapped
out in our prices, which
are the talk of the town,
and which have thrown
shot and shell into the
ranks of every tailor in
the city.
Look at these prices,
and then can you won-
der why they talk:
We will make you to order & A i a ft ft
Black or Blue Cheviot Suit, IP lI. UU
guaranteed fast color, all _m I II ■
wool, for U? I v'
Other tailors t>ride themselves on same
at 920.
We will dress you in a Three- , -
Button Cutaway Suit, to
order, of Black Clay Won- A a A TA
ted, guaranteed fast color, IP 't J, Oil
elegantly tailored and Jtt I f ■
finely trimmed, for ijjt I U
Other tailors praise them at $25.
We will catch your eve on our
Black and Blue "Serge, all
wool, 22 ounces, guaranteed
fast color, from which «'« A 1 - ft ft
will make you a Suit, to or- «~ 1 L, U U
der, finely tailored and J\ I T ■ ■■
handsomely trimmed, for. . W I V
Other tailors boast of them at $28.
Be sure and ccme to this great
sale, which will only last one week,
and thereby place dollars In your
pockets. ,-; r j
Look for the big store with three
front entrances, where they only
allow perfect-fitting- suits to leave
the house.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN
MILLS,
WHOLESALE TAILORS.
OUR NUMBER-
-541 MARKET ST., S. F.
Do not he deceived by firms using a similar
: name. Only branch bouse in San Francisco—
211 Montgomery street.
®®®^®^® * nto our house
<£" %^/XS'i^XS? XSf S^ some day this
Q) n. «■> "0 n (£& week and see the
-"""fri %M &■ £. ? i /Ci wonderful money-
tb) I i |"|^ (H saving power wo
£fc\ I l«« *• I offer yon in our
vj' _ __ __ _^ '*S? "Specials" and ail
©@©®@©® alons the line -
THIS WEEK OXIY, Feb. 17th to 224
Park Winter Underskirts for ladies 35c
Yard-wide Family Muslin, standard make... 60
Trousers, every tiling up to $2, closing. $1 00
Blankets, California wool, gray, 6 lbs $2 45
Fluffy Cotton Vats, big rolls, best 15c
Kmbroldery, was 10c and worth it 3c
B. & H. Celebrated $4 Button Shoes $2 00
Molasses, Open Kettle, New Orleans, again.. 75c
Table Peaches, ripe and luscious 10c
Cookies, equal to your grandmothers' 10c
Coffee, that errand Aureola blend 20<:
Sweet Cider, for inince pies, quarts 15c
Wash Blue, Fidelity, price cut in two 10c
Keene's English Blue. 6 blocks 5c
Hams, Eastern, Kuaranteed, our brand 12^0
Bitted Plum, used to bring 25c 'ie
Beehives, enough for everybody 90c
boap, Babbitt's best. 24 bars ". $100
,£*%£, @®©@®®©©©
but want to ££) flßfllT'llAl ®
3fVss SHI I Ho §
Goods. The v» _ <«?
A. m. to 5:30 p. m. at the Big Department
Store, 414, 416, 418 Front St., S. F., Cal.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GEL ROOM
OF THK
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPES UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
""-^JBBMTEUWP .~
JZftRNYST
IBTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUB
•yes and tit them to spectacles or Eyeglauaa
with instruments of his own invention, wtion)
superiority has not been equaled. My suoosm o»i
Man due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 if- v. . ■
oppression, niißrn ny
SUFFOCATION, UKt J DI
NEURALGIA, Etc., * v, "" , '
ESl'K's ' CKiARKTXES, OR POWDER.
B*ris, J, KBPIC: New York, E. FOUOEBA
& CO. Sold by all Druggists,
OOSMOFOXjITAN ,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
frail Cisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 an isl 50 per
j day, according to room. Meals 25c. | Rooms, 600
and 75c a day.. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Book for the couch bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. FAHEY, Proprietor.
X 'patents! §
VaLV22O MARKET "xl'^fclM^ _
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA3UANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican . Remedy; gives Healta ao4
6trengtU to the Sexual Organs. .MILL VALLEY'S
AWFUL DANGER.
A Voracious Donkey's Diet
Upon Dynamite Causes
a Furor.
FEAR A CATASTROPHE.
The Beast Is Swathed in Cotton
to Prevent a Threatened
Explosion.
OBLIVIOUS OF HIS DANGER.
Crowds Flee in Terror When the Liv
ing Bomb Attempts to Roll—
End Is Not Yet.
MILL VALLEY, Cat.., Feb. 17.— 1t is not
often that a common long-eared donkey
manages to create excitement, but one be
longing to Charles Dowd ate three sticks
of dynamite on Friday and Mill Valley has
been in a state of terror'ever since. Con
trary to expectation, however, the animal
by his good behavior has prevented an ex
plosion, but the end may not be yet.
Mr. Dowd wished to get rid of an un
sightly stump in the rear of his home, as it i
encumbered tbe recreation grounds of his
donkeys and interfered with their playful
gambols. He bored holes in the stump
and left three sticks of dynamite on it
while he went to procure the necessary
fust. |
Benjamin Harrison, a donkey of rare in
telligence and of a not inquiring turn of
mind, carefully noted the preliminary op
erations. Although it was known that he
had just masticated the remains of a dis
carded boot and chewed up three tomato
cans, his voracity was not appeased, and
he swallowed the dynamite. Mr. Dowd
appeared in time to see the last stick dis
appear down Benjamin's throat.
Consternation seized upon Mr. Dowd.
In a few minutes a crowd assembled, and
it was feared the donkey might blow up.
Never was an animal treated with such
care and attention. The donkey seemed
to enjoy the deference and awe with which
he was viewed, until copious volumes of cold
water were poured down his throat to "put
his inside out," as a late importation from
the old country remarked. Another man
caused dismay and confusion by stating
that nitro-glycerine was exploded by con
cussion and not by fire.
Mr. Dowd, who was about to admonish
Benjamin with the butt end of a cluo for
his indiscretion, was disarmed for a blow
upon the carcass of the animal meant the
dismemberment of the donkey and the !
destruction of the surrounding precinct.
Careful hands moved Ben around and he J
was wrapped in huge wads of the softest
cotten until his ears alone were visible j
about the pile. At one time he showed a j
disposition to roll and the crowd sought ]
safety in flight, expecting every moment i
to see the animal explode and tear up the
earth.
Heavy doses of Epsom salts alternated
with castor oil have been given the animal,
and it is hoped Mill Valley has been
spared a destructive explosion.
Nearly two days have passed since Ben- :
jamin Harrison partook of the unnutri- j
cious but elevating diet, and the looked j
for explosion has not come. Fear has j
not subsided, however, and the donkey is I
threatened with asphyxiation because of
the wagon-load of material with which his
stall has been lined to prevent the disas
trous consequences that would follow if he
decided to rub himself against a rafter.
To-morrow, if he still lives, he will be led
to a distant pasture, where he can mcdi- j
tate in solitude until the danger is past.
MILL VALLEY'S NEW CHURCH.
Work to Be Commenced on the Building
in a Short lime.
MILL VALLEY, Cal.. Feb. 16.— At a
meeting of the building committee of the
Congregational Church at this place it was
decided to commence work on the new
church building in a short time, and bids
will be asked for labor and material. The
committee is composed of Rev. John Rea,
Alonzo Coffin and G. D. Avery. The
money necessary to build the church has
been subscribed by Mill Valley people, and
the Tamalpais Land and Water Company
has donated an excellent lot in a fine loca
tion. Rev. Mr. Rea, the pastor of the
church, says it is the intention to build a
most artistic edifice.
PEACE MEASURES URGED
The London Times Advocates the
Creation of a British
Commission.
Its Prospective Duties Similar to Those
of the Body Appointed by
Mr. Cleveland.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 16.— Times in
its issue of to-morrow will deprecate the
intention of the opposition to raise a de
bite in the House of Commons on the re
lations between Great Britain and the
United States. In the course of its article
it will plead for a moderate delay and that
no attempt be made to hurry a settlement,
and instances the advantages that will
accrue from following its advice.
President Cleveland, it will add, first
called upon Congress to appoint a com
mittee to determine the true divisional
line between British Guiana and Vene
zuela. Embassador Bayard now says the
commission's only function is to collect
facts or the information of the President.
The former pretensions received unani
mous rejection in this country. It was in
response to the latter view of the duties of
the commission that Lori Salisbury prom
ised to furnish the British documents to
the commission.
The Times believes it would be an ad
vantage if the British case were examined
by a strong independent commission, to
be appointed by the British Government,
the report of which would be available for
the instruction of Parliament and public
opinion as early as the report of the Amer
ican commission. In the mean lime, if
Venezuela should be willing to negotiate
direct, Great Britain would welcome her
advances.
Clements R. Markham, president of the
Royal Geographical Society, sends another
letter to the Times, which will be pub
lished to-morrow, amplifying his previous
communication to that paper. He says
that when he mentioned the map of the
French geographer. Danville, published
in 1748. giving the whole basin of the Esse
quibo River to Holland, he was not aware
of an important fact. He quoies from
Lugrin's manuscript history of Guiana
and from tt.e New York Herald of January
20, saying that the map was based on
authentic documents furnished to him by
the court of Spain. Mr. Markham regards
this as decisive. '
CAPTURED IX MEXICO.
Long Search for a German Criminal Enda
in Ilia Arrest.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Feb. 16. -A special
from Coatzacoalcos, Mex., says: Her
man Bielmann, a German, has been ar-
rested on a plantation ninety miles south
of here on the charge of robbing a busi
ness louse of Hamburg, Germany, of the
sum of $50,000. Application has been
made for his extradition and he will be
taken to Germany as soon as it is granted.
Bielman came to Mexico five years ago
and claimed to be an Austrian. He was
possessed of much wealth and purchased
a tract of land upon which he has planted
coffee trees. He was traced to this coun
try by an English detective.
VICTORIA IS GRATE! UL.
Thanks Her Subjects for Sympathy Ex
tended in Her retirement.
LONDON. E.\g., Feb. 15.— A message
from the Queen to the nation was issued
this evening. In it her Majesty expresses
her thanks for the sympathy extended to
her on the occasion of the death of her
m-in-law, Prince Henry of Battenberg,
and says :
"This new sorrow is overwhelming. I
lose a dear, loved and helpful son, whose
prcsi ; a was like a bright sunbeam in my
borne, and my daughter loses a noble and
devoted husband, to whom she was united
by the closest affection."
Sir Charles Tapper's Illness.
OTTAWA, Ont., Feb. 16.— Sir Charles
Tupper, who was reported in these dis
patches as being seriously ill at the home
of his son in New Edinburgh, is suffering
from throat trouble and an affection of the
eyes. The statement sent out by a West
ern news agency that Sir Charles was not
indisposed, but was simply resting after
the strain of his recent campaign, is de
clared by members of his family to have
no foundation in fact.
FREE SONS OF ISRAEL
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Or
ders Birth Will Be Fit
tingly Celebrated.
Lodges Asked to Make Special Pro
vision for the Demonstration
in New York.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 16.— an
nual meeting of the executive committee
of the Grand Lodge of the United States
Independent Order Free Sons of Israel
was held at the headquarters of the frater
nity, 791 Lexington avenue. Among those
present were Grand Master Harburger; S.
Hoffheimer, first deputy grand master;
M. S. Meyerhoff of Philadelphia, second
deputy grand master; Adolph* Pike of Chi
cago, third deputy grand master; I. H.
Goldsmith, grand secretary; David Keller,
grand treasurer; William A, Cans and
Philip Stein, Judge of the Superior Court
of Chicago. Grand .Master Julius Har
burger said in his annual report:
"In this, the forty-eighth year oC our ex
istence, our order can be congratulated
upon its standing in the United States.
We have a reserve fund of $700,000, and we
have paid to widows and orphans for bene
fits, endowments, donations and other
charities nearly $5,000,000.
•Within two years our order will cele
brate the fiftieth anniversary of the birth
of the institution. It should be fittingly
and noteworthily an event auspicious in
the annals of American history. Our
lodge must make suitai le provisions for
this gala event, which should take place in
New York city. It will be too late for the
national convention of our order to legis
late upon. Through our executive com
mittee, initial steps should be taken to
have this festival worthy of the closing
years of the nineteenth century."
The committee" decided to hold the next
annual convention of the grand lodge on
June 1, 1897, at Chicago.
VEXGEAXCE OF A WOMAN.
Murder and Suicide Follow a Quarrel
With Her Lover.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 16.— Robert
Rohlfing, aged 19, and John Rohlfing,
aged 21, printers, worked for H. G. Sher
man at 314 Olive street and sleep in a
back room of the office. Robert went to
the room at 10:4") o'clock to-night and
stumbled over the corpse of his brother.
Getting a light he went into the printing
office and there found the body of Barbara
Castle, with a revolver in her hand. Both
had been dead several hours.
Rohlfing was shot below the heart by
the woman while in the office and had
struggled to the stairway, where he died.
Alter shooting Rohlfing, Barbara fired a
shot through her brain and must have
died instantly, as the pistol was grasped
in her rigid hand.
Two years ago Rohlfing began courting
Barbara, who was the daughter of a pen
itentiary convict just released. Recently
the two quarreled.
WILL RATTLE WITH BALLOTS-
New Party Born at a Meeting of Omaha
Laboring Men.
OMAHA, Neb., Feb. 16.— A new party
was born last night at the meeting of
laboring men at Labor Temple. No name
was given to it, but 150 men signed the
resolutions, which declare that the three
larger parties are for the rich alone, and
that the laboring people should form a
party and unite themselves. A call was
made for a meeting at Omaha in May for
the purpose of adopting a platform and
nominating a ticket for the National
election. .
This move is believed to be the result of
the visit of the once famous General C. T.
Kelly, late of the Commonweal army.
WRECKED BY A COW.
Disaster to a Trail, on Which Fannie
Davenport Was Riding.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Feb. 16.—
first section of passenger train No. 3 on
the L. and N., loaded with excursionists to
New Orleans, among them Fanny Daven
port and her party, struck a row at Jack
son's Lake, ten miles from here, to-night
and was wrecked.
Fireman Frank Everett was instantly
killed and Engineer Bud Brown was fa
tally injured. No other deaths or injuries
are reported. - Physicians have been sent
to the wreck. Several other Mardi Gras
trains are laid up behind the wrecked
train. .. " •
Stabbed in » In- Arm.
Anton Cordlnez was seriously stabbed last
night by Joe Vidego, a peanut peddler. The
two had a quarrel on Kearny street near Jack
son and the peddler drove a knife into Cor
dinez* left arm severing the main artery. The
wounded man almost bled to death before he
reached the Receiving Hospital. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
JESSE POTTER
MUST RESIGN.
The Executor of the Charles
Lux Estate in an Awk
ward Fix.
THAT PERJURY CHARGE.
The German Heirs Object to His
Appointing His Own
Successor.
WEIGHTY POINTS TO CONSIDER.
Messrs. Campbell and Delmas Sup
posed to Be Masteis of the
Situation.
REDWOOD CITY, Cap., Feb. 16.— Jesse
Sheldon Potter's condition at the present
time, so far as his executorship of the
Charles Lux estate is concerned, is a very
peculiar one. It is almost certain that his
resignation as executor has been tendered
to Judge Buck, but that no official action
has been taken for the reason that the re
signation must first be accepted by the
German heirs of the Charles Lux estate,
through J. 11. Campbell, their counsel,
with whom D. M. Delmas is associated in
the suit against Potter. ,
The probable resignation of Jesse Potter
was outlined several weeks ago in an arti
cle published in The Call, when it became
known in a quiet way that Potter had
committed perjury in testifying to the
John Brown $800 draft and it is reported ;
that several days ago Attorney E. S. Pills
bury sent in Potter's conditional resigna
tion to Judge Buck, the condition being
that Potter's attorneys should name his
successor.
It is said that upon receipt of this sug
gestion Judge Buck made a break for the
telegraph office and notified Mr. Pillsbury
and afterward his local representative, Mr.
George C. Ross of Redwood City, that he
was not running a brokerage office and
that the matter as represented would not
be considered.
On Thursday last, when Messrs. Camp
bell and Delmas appeared in court to
make a motion to open the depositions re
lating to the Sadie Young incident, out of
which the perjury charge against Jesse
Poiter grew. Attorney E. S. Pillsbury was
conspicuous on account of his absence. In
his place Attorney Garret W. McEnerney
conducted Potter's case, and claimed that
the perjury charge was not an issue in the
Potter removal suit, and that even the
truth of that allegation could not affect
his client.
D. M. Delmas, on behalf of the German
heirs, contended otherwise, and insisted
upon opening the depositions, but Judge
Buck refused to grant the request of coun
sel for the time being, and took the mat
ter under advisement, but said that in his
final decision he should hold that Jesse
Potter had committed perjury.
On the following day— Friday— Messrs.
Delmas and Campbell made a new play by
filing notice of a motion to reopen the Pot
ter trial on February 20. All the dam
aging depositions relating to the Sadie
Young incident were riled at the same
time, and thus made a part of the record.
On Friday, also, there was a great com
motion in Redwood City. A couple of the
Lux heirs were in town, and an effort was
being made to reach their attorney, J. 11.
Campbell, by telephone, in which, how
ever, they wer.3 not successful. James D.
Byrnes of San Mateo, who is said to be
looked upon with favor by the German
heirs as Jesse Potter's successor, was also
in town all day in consultation with his
own attorney. It was reported that Pot
ter's unconditional resignation as executor
had just been received, and that it only
needed Attorney Campbell's acceptance,
when Mr. Byrnes would be appointed in
Jesse Potter's place and immediately
qualify on his bond.
But just here a hitch occurred. There is
i such a thing as parceling out the plums of
a big fat estate in too much of a hurry. It
is necessary to know where you stand, so
that the conditions upon which a new ex
ecutor will serve must be satisfactory to
the people who appoint him. He must be
hedged around with certain restrictions.
Therefore it would not do to accept Potter's
resignation until all these matters were
nicely . arranged. And there the whole
proposition rests.
; If the reopening of the Potter removal
suit next Thursday should be insisted upon
by Messrs. Delmas and Campbell, one
theory is that the testimony introduced
might be placed in better shape upon
the records and have a bearing
on the various Miller & Lux suits now
being waged, including the accounting suit
against Henry Miller, the settlement of
the Charles Lux estate and the complicated
condition of the Miranda W. Lux litiga
tion.
Messrs. Campbell and Delmas are just
now supposed to be absolute masters of
the situation. It is possible that Potter's
resignation may be accepted and officially
announced on Monday, and. again it may
be held in abeyance. The watchword
is, when Potter's resignation does come,
look out for the appointment of James D.
Byrnes. ■
THRASHED BY A JUDGE.
His Honor Triea the Case in Which He
: . Is Defendant.
PULLMAN, Wash., Feb. 16.— A peculiar
case has been on the docket in Justice G.
P. Gammon's court. Last Thursday morn
ing Irvin Griffith swore out a warrant for
the arrest of S. A. Robinson and George
Milam, charged with assault with intent to
commit robbery. The case came up for
trial the same day. For three days the
trial continued and was closed last even
ing by Prosecuting Attorney Matthews
moving that Gammon was unfit to sit on
the case, for his connection therewith was
so immediate that it would be impossible
for ■ him to give the prisoners a fair hear
ing, the evidence having pointed to his
association with the defendants in the
crime.
Tuesday morning Griffith came into town
and got drunk. After supper he went into
the billiard hall and amused the boys by
calling out "Gammon, Gammon)" which
irritated his Honor so that he slapped
Griffith's face. Griffith and Gammon had
trouble a few weeks previous. Not satisfied
with slapping the drunken man, Gammon
persuaded Robinson and Milam to take
Griffith out behind the McConnell-Cham
bers building and hold him while he chas
tised him. When , Griffith reappeared his
face and head were all bloody and bruised.
He at once recognized Robinson and Milam
as two of his assailants.
Justice Gammon confessed before Attor-'
ney Matthews that he "was guilty of assault
upon Griffith, and at once tried to com
promise the matter.
THE KILBRAXXAX.
Six Powerful Tugs Fail to Move Her More
Than Eight Feet.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Feb. 16.—
With six powerful tugs pulling, all her
extra weight in spars and Ballast removed
and exceptionally favorable weather, the
British ship .Kilbrannan, which went
ashore in a squall ten days ago at Point
Wilson lighthouse is only eight feet nearer
deep water. The attempt to float her was
made at daybreak this morning, but had
to be stopped when the big tug Tyee
grounded and had to be pulled into deep
water by the others.
It is understood that another attempt
will be made to-morrow morning, and as
that is the highest tide of the month, if
the Kilbrannan is not floated she will re
main on the shingle beach until the big
tides of April and May. Beyond the
strain on the vessel and a' few small holes
which had been punctured in her bottom
the vessel is still uninjured and will re
main so unless severe weather comes.
SAXTA CRUZ'S SHORT ROBBER.
He Relieved Chester Ware of $10 at So-
quel Saturday Night.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 16.— The road
agent, who is known around here as the
"short robber," again made his appear
ance last night, this time at Soquel. He
presented his white-masked face again to
Chester Ware on a roadway and demanded
his money. Ware emptied his pockets,
and the robber, though disappointed that
the silver did not amount to $10, seemed
satisfied and decamped. Either this or
some other man has been hounding the
neighborhood of Soquel and Capitola, with
an occasional visit to Santa Cruz for two
weeks. The officers think they are on the
track of him.
NEWS FROM SAN JOSE
Activity in Lumber and Build
ing Circles Reported at
Alviso.
Willows Rancher Runs Against a
Footpad— Pioneer Dead— lnsane
From Sickness.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 16-Considerable
activity is being experienced in lumber
circles at Alviso, and during the past week
six schooners were in port discharging
their cargoes. It has been discovered that ;
at high water there is sufficient water in
the channel to.allow a tug to tow an out
side schooner side by side, and in the
past week three vessels were towed in.
The schooners and their cargoes were:
Charles Hanson, 230,000 feet of lumber; C.
T. Hill, 201,000; Adelia Griffin. 28,000;
Plow boy, 20,000. The schooner Katie un
loaded 120 tons of coal and the schooner
Golden Fleece loaded forty tons of hay.
Rancher Held Up.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 16.— J. C. Tress
ler, a rancher residing in the Willows, was
held up on Moorpark avenue last evening
and relieved of $2 05 at the point of a
pistol by a lone highwayman. The high
wayman wore a black mask. Officers at
once went to the scene, but could find no
trace of the robber.
Insanity Caused by Illness.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 16.— Clarence Sole
of Palo Alto was brought to the County
Jail to-day to await an examination as to
his sanity. Sole is about 30 years old and
was arrested on a similar charge about a
year ago, but subsequently released. His
insanity is the result of a severe illness.
A Ftoneer Dies at Wataonville.
SAN JOSE, Cap., Feb. 16.— George W.
Peacock, a pioneer resident of Warm
Springs, Alameda County, and who con
ducted a. hotel at that place a great many
years, died at Watsonvilie. yesterday morn
ing. He was a native of New York and 76
years of age. He came to California in
1852. .
FISHING AT SANTA CRUZ
No Diminution of the Salmon
Catch in the Smooth Waters
of the Bay.
Commissioners Emeric and Murdoch
He ok Sixteen Beauties — Many
Visitors in Town.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 16.— H. A.
Kmeric and W. C. Murdoch, Fish Com
missioners, who came down from San
Francisco last evening to tempt the salmon
of these waters, spent to-day on the bay,
and came in at 5 o'clock with sixteen as
fine salmon as were ever hooked. The fish
averaged smaller in size to-day than yes
terday. The Commissioners took the big
gest one that was taken to-day. It weighed
nineteen pounds. Their catch of eixteen
aggregated about 150 pounds. The day's
fishing aggregated for the twenty boats
about 250 fish. The largest catch, number
ing twenty-two, was taken by the boat of
Perez, a local fisherman.
The day was beautiful, and the bay was
as smooth as a floor. Nearly every boat
contained vistors from other cities and
towns, who are agreed that there is an
enormous run of salmon and that the re
ports have not been exaggerated. But the
local fishermen say the immense size of
the fish taken yesterday plainly indicated
that to-day's catch would diminish.
The fact is that these big fish have driven
the sardines off the feeding-grounds and
the smaller salmon have followed them.
The presence of those California whales
during the week also made inroads on the
sardines and there maybe a diminution in
the run for a day or two, yet they may
come in again to-morrow.
But everybody who was out to-day
called it good fishing. Two hundred and
fifty fish for twenty boats they thought a
very lively day's sport.
It is the general opinion that there is
going to be finer fishing at Santa Cruz in
May or June than there is now. Many of
the fish have been examined very critically
and the indications are plain enough that
they will not leave before October.
Both the Commissioners said they had
enjoyed the sport greatly to-day and were
satisfied that Santa Cruz had all the fish
that had been claimed, though the stories
seemed large on paper. They have shipped
their fish to the Fish Commissioners", 79
Flood budding. :.- •
. a i
Pacific Grove Wants a High School.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cai.„ Feb. 16.- At
the adjourned high school meeting last
night the committee appointed to investi
gate the proposition of a joint high
school . for - Monterey, Pacific Grove and
Del Monte districts was unfavorable. A
resolution was introduced and carried
unanimously that, owing to it having been
found inexpedient, to establish the joint
school, it was to the best interests. of . Pa
cific Grove that a Separate school should
be -organized. A petition to the Board of
Trustees for the purpose of calling an elec
tion was drawn and a committee appoint
ed to circulate it.
MARE ISLAND
AND VALLEJO.
Wholesale Discharge of
Mechanics at the
Navy- Yard.
MANY MORE TO FOLLOW.
No Probability of Their Re-Em
ployment Before the Begin
ning of July.
THE MONADNOCKIS COMPLETED.
s
.
Will Go Into Commission at Once.
The Junkmen Surprised Mi
scellaneous Notes.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 16.— Nearly a
hundred mechanics of all classes employed
for some time past on the monitor Monad
nock have been discharged within the
last two days from the department of con
struction and repair, and the coming week
many more will meet a similar fate. It is
even stated that the entire number by
February 28 will reach nearly 500 men.
The outlook is not cheering for them to
again resume work until after the fiscal
year, beginning July next, the bnlk of
the money having become exhausted and
the completion of the Monadnock being
given out as the cause. To enable the
monitor to be completed by Saturday
night, the men have been working both
day and night. Her crew being here, she
will go into commission the 20th instant,
and will be ready for actual service shortly
after.
The homeward bound men from the
Baltimore left for New York on the 13th
by the Sunset route. This route was
selected by the chief of the bureau of
navigation, Admiral Ramsay, on account
of the climatic conditions.
No matter which route was selected the
Government would be obliged to pay for
their transportation, as in the transporta
tion of men over the Southern Pacific and
Union Pacific roads the act of Congress
does not specify that the naval branch of
the service shall be so carried and their
transportation credited against the ac
count of the roads. It only refers to
"troops," meaning the army. Before the
order was issued to send the men by the
Sunset route Admiral Ramsay procured a
ruling on this pomt — or at least so it is
given out Here by competent authority.
At 1 o'clock Monday the flag of the Bal
timore will be lowered and the white
cruiser will go out of commission. All of
her stores have been taken ashore and the
crew, such as desire to remain on the
coast, have been paid off. A number of
her officers will leave immediately for the
East on leave of absence for three months,
which means a season of rest, recreation
and home enjoyments, which to a sea
faring man after a two or three years'
cruise in foreign waters is always looked
forward to with a sense of delight.
Even those who are stationed at Mare
Island, with all its pleasant features, look
forward to the time for their return to
Washington and Eastern points to again in
dulge in a season of gaycty. To them this
station is looked upon as being what is
termed a "foreign station," as it is so far
located from the seat of Government.
Those, however, who have been on the
"slope" for years desire to remain, as they
find many charms not to be found else
where. • ,
The hills where much hay and grain at
times are raised now look green and re
freshing to the eye after the rains, and the
outlook is good for a bountiful yield. This
helps to weather the stock-horses owned
by the Government and helps to pay for
the cultivation of the farming lands, em
bracing many hundreds of acres.
On the 15th and 16th sealed bids for con
demned property were opened at the pay
master's office in the presence of scores of
men of almost all nationalities who
gathered to see what they won among the
hundred or more bidders from all sections
of the Union. The prices varied as much
if not more than the nationalities. An
article that one thought by his bid to be
not worth- more than two bits ranged to
$20 or $30. The prices exceeded by far that
of two years ago, the cash deposits being
more than $20,000. It will be a month be
fore the old junk is removed from the
yard and the accounts closed.
The old stores turned in and to be con
demned from the Baltimore will of them
selves form the nucleus for another sale
next year.
The Swatara has been hauled under the
crane to have her boilers and engines
hoisted out to get her in readiness for dis
posal in the same fashion under sealed
bids. -
The machine-shop of the yards and
docks is gradually becoming more com
plete by the addition of machinery from
the department of equipment. This is as it
should be, as work is continually under
way in the department, and it has never
been provided with the necessary amount
of machinery owing to lack of funds at the
bureau's disposal for purchase of the
same.
Considerable strife is manifested for the
purchase of the ferry franchise from Val
lejo to Mare Island, Over $10,000 will
likely be given the city lor the privilege of
operating the system for the next twenty
years.
It looks as though an appropriation will
be made for improvement of the water
front and to build a seawall from the old
Monadnock wharf to South Vallejo on
what is known as the "Phelps line." -If
this work is accomplished it will be a sav
ing to - the Government in the matter of
dredging expenses, which is no small sum,
and keep the channel clear at all times.
Much astonishment was expressed,
though it was in everybody's mouth, that
the matter of the rejection of a lot of pork
barrels, while the contents were found to
be good, should reach the public
ear through the medium of the press.
Still, in a nice, quiet little nook under the
shade of a great big hill, the work of re
packing goes : steadily on and a better lot
of barrels are being used.
The inspection board has considerable
work to do in seeing that the Government
is not imposed upon by unscrupulous deal
ers, though, to their credit and ; honor, the
great majority of California dealers furnish
their goods up to the standard. ,. .2; .]. ,
_ Requisitions ? for . supplies for the next
fiscal year will soon be made out and trans
mitted to Washington for approval, then
printed and ready for distribution to deal
ers.
ISS AND OUTS AT WAR.
First Baptist Church Members at Day-
ton. Wash., in Conflict.
DAYTON, Wash., Feb. 16.— The trouble
which has been brewing between the two
factions of the First Baptist Charch here
culminated this morning when five of the
"outs" forced the door and ejected four of
the "ins" who were holding possession for
the time being. Bodwell, one of the eject
ors, received a scalp wound, and Madison
Booth, jne. of the fortified party, was
kicked while being dragged out.
One arrest has been made and more
trouble is imminent. The ejectors are the
members who held possession until Tues
day last, when the old faction who built
the church secured peaceable possession
and have held it since. The new faction
to-day removed the seats and the courts
will settle the matter. The trouble arose
from the minor matter of the appropria
tion of the proceeds of a dime social.
SOCIAL EVENTS.
Two Weddings and a Dramatic Enter-
tainment in One Week.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Feb. 16.— 1n a
social way Healdsburg has been very
lively the past week. On Tuesday the
marriage of A. Rapun and Miss Annie
Gellerman was solemnized, while the fol
lowing day John M. Keyes and Miss Dora
Luebberk were made man and wife.
The first dramatic entertainment by the
Healdsburg Club was given Friday night
to a packed house, and on this occasion
the pretty new theater owned by Mr. Fox
was opened. Among the parties of the
past week those given at the homes of Mr.
and Mrs. John Daly and Mr. and Mrs. M.
Raabe were largely attended and enjoy
able affairs. '- * ■•
BUY DROWNED AT TRUCKEE
Leslie Drew Breaks Through the
Ice While Skating and
Perishes.
The First Misfortune to Mar the
Pleasures of the Winter
Carnival.
TRTJCKEE, Cal., Feb. 16.— One carload
of tourists visited the carnival to-day.
The majority went to Tahoe in sleighs
while the others occupied their time skat
ing and tobogganing.
Dormer Lake was entirely frozen over
this morning and it was soon known that
the lake afforded good skating. Skating
on Marzens pond was also reported good.
Accordingly devotees of this sport slung
their skates over their shoulders and were
soon wending their way toward the pond
and lake.
About 2 o'clock a messenger came to
town with the news that several skaters
had broken through the ice and were
drowned. The town went wild with ex- I
citement and wagons loaded with men
were soon hurrying toward the lake. A
short time later a man came in and from ;
him it was learned that Fred Cook, Orrin j
Barton, Fred Drew. Leslie Drew and two
others had fallen through the ice.
After some difficulty all had succeeded
in reaching a place of safety with the ex
ception of Leslie Drew, who was still j
in the water struggling with the ;
ice. Men attempted to rescue him, but |
! owing to the thinness of the ice could not i
i reach the unfortunate lad. Poles were |
j thrown to him, but he was too weak to \
grasp them and soon sank out of sight. A I
boat was procured and dragged over the j
I ice to the broken spot, but nothing could i
j be seen of young Drew. The lake was j
! dragged with hooks until dark without j
! success and will be resumed to-morrow.
Leslie Drew was a boy of 15 years and i
attended public school here. His mother, j
who is visiting relatives in Carson City, is
heartbroken over the unfortunate affair.
Still Xo Trace of Mrs. Cody.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 16.— A. B. Cody j
and a party of searchers to-day explored
about thirty miles of the • beach in the vi
cinity of Tacoma in a steam launch with- I
out finding any sign of his missing wife or !
her garments. The search was simply j
made to satisfy relatives, for few believe
Mrs. Cody has committed, suicide or is
drowned.
Another one of the almost innumerable
telegrams locating the missing/woman was
received to-day. This time she was sick at
the Columbia Hotel. Shoshone, Idaho.
After telegraphing back and forth some
time she was proven to be another woman.
NEW TO-DAT.
"Sloane's"
Special Sale of Furniture I FOR thirty days i
At less than MANUFACTURER'S
COST. Dainty Parlor Suits, Latest
Designs In Bedroom Sets, Elegant
Dining-room, Hall and Library Fur-
niture.
BEDROOM SETS
We quote for Example :
Regular Reduced
Price. Price.
50 (3-pce) Oak Sets,
full sized beveled
Mirrors $26 50 $19 50
50 (3-pce) Birch
Sets, full sized
Cheval- Glass,-
highly finished. ...s27 50 $21 50
50 (3-pce) Oak Sets,
Stylish Design. *
French Bey. Plate,
28x38 $45 OO $30 OO
All other grades at proportionate
reductions.
Rugs.
A lot of made-up Remnant Rugs at Half Regular Value.
1000, size 30 Inches by 60 Inches, Smyrna Rugs at $3 75— to close
• $2!Oeach. "^'*/
1000, size 36 Inches by 72 Inches, Smyrna Rugs at $5 50-to close
$2 SO each. -
W.&J.SLOANE&CO.
CARPETS, FURNITURE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 M!a.rlcet Street, S. F.
PIGEON SHOOT
AT STOCKTON
Six Hundred Birds for the
Amusement of the
Gun Clubs.
GOOD RECORDS ARE MADE
Olympics of San Francisco Carry
Off the Trophy, a Hand
some Cup. ,
WEBB COULDN'T MAKE A MISS.
The Blnerock Contest Was a Feature
of the Day— List of Entries
and Scores.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. There was a
large gathering of gun-club men at Good
water Grove to-day. The shooting began
at 10 o'clock and continued until 4, and in
every shoot the entries were full.
Fifty dozen pigeons had been provided
for the occasion, and records did not stand
in the way of participation in the sport, as
the contests were so many one could
always find an opening.
In the live-bird shoot it was free to all,
and no team : shooting was done. The
bluerock shoot was the principal feature of
the competitive portion of tbe programme,
and some good records were made. The
Olympic Club of San Francisco sent up a
good delegation, and the club's team car
ried off the trophy, which was a handsome
cup. The score was shot on a possible
twenty rocks.
The team entries and scores were as fol
lows:
Olympic— Kuedner, 16; N'auman, 18; Webb,
20. Team score, 54. Webb was the only man
in the contest to make a full score.
Stockton Athletic' Association Club— Haas,
16; F. Merrill, 18; C. Merrill, 16. Team
score, 50.
Antioch Ren free, 10; Raso, 18; Proc
tor, 11. Team score, 39.
Stockton Gun Club— Ellis, 18; Balkwell, 16;
Payne, 17. Team score. 51. '
San Joaquin Gun Club— Sperry, 8; Skinner,
17; Kennedy, 19. Team score, 44.
Stockton Athletic Association Annex Clvb —
Winders, 15; Schoffer, 16; Smith, 13. Team
score, 44. .
There was an informal shoot on ties
after the close of the team score, but no
records were made. The Stockton men
think they could have held the Olympic
people down had it not been for Webb,
and in spite of beine handicapped by a di
vision into several clubs. The contest was
under the rules of the Inanimate Asso
ciation.
Fire-Mile Cycle Handicap.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. There was a
large crowd at the East San Jose course
this morning to witness the five-mile
handicap road races of the San Jose Road
Club and the Columbus Cycling Club,
there being half an hour's wait between
the races. The handicapping was good,
and both races proved interesting.
The San Jose Road Club race attracted
considerable interest on account of the fact
that it is one of a series of races being held
for the purpose of developing a fast team
for the great relay race in April.
The race was a fast one, and the finish
between Floyd McFarland and Ted Belloli
was close. MoFarland won the race in
13:25 3-5, Belloli second in 13:26. The
other starters and the handicaps
and the order in which they fin
ished were: J. J. Carroll (:40) 14:10 2-5;
M. J. O'Brien (0:50), 14:27; H. S. Beach
(1:00), 14:42; R. Hammonds (scratch).
13:52; George Bell (0:30). 14:53; Walter
Harris (1:00), 15:04. John Wing started
from scratch but did not finish.
The five-mile handicap race of the Co
lumbus Cycling Club also proved an inter
esting event. The race is the fourth of a
series for a gold medal. J. Hourtieg, with
a handicap of 1:45, won the race in 16:3-1;
J. Ferro (0:30), second. F. Cianciarulo
(scratch) was third and won the time prize
in 15:52. Z. Kunhardt was fourth in
16:33. Schiele and Spinetti failed to finish.
34
THE CITY OF SALEM, OREGON.
BY THE SECRETARY OF THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
SALEM, Ok.. Feb. 15.— Salem is the
Queen of the Willamette Valley, the land
of beauty, prosperity and destiny.
No true friend of Salem wishes to dis
parage any other region of our own land.
We have a great and prosperous country,
and the prosperity of every part is the de
sire of every true American. The happi
ness of one section is the happiness of
l BE CITY HALL AT SALEM.
every other. But men are restless. In this
age and country they are especially so.
There are few who think they have found
the best location possible, or that they
have moved for the last time. The few
who are convinced in their own minds
that they have finally discovered the best
country on earth may well be expected to
preach the gospel of their convictions.
They naturally wish to see the undevel
oped resources of the land of their choice,
its advantages of soil and natural attrac
tiveness advertised to the world.
Of course this desire is not entirely tin-'
selfish. What desire is entirely unselfish?
Everyone expects to reap some benefit
from the growth of his own town and the
development of the region in which he
lives. Yet in all this he may not be purely
selfish. He may have a real desire to see
his fellows in distant regions better their
condition, and to see the region in which
he dwells prepared as nearly as possible
in his own time to confer its fullest bene
fits on coming generations.
To induce immigration by misstatements
or overstatements is fraud. And no spe
cies cf fraud should be more severely con
demned than that which would lure un
suspecting and honest people into an un
fruitful and worthless region by misstate
ments and delusive promises.
This is not a wild, unsettled region. As
a town Salem is now (1696) fifty-three
years old. Thirty-seven years she has
been the capital of a State. Some of the
lands tributary to the city have endured,
without showing any sign of failure, a half
century of steady cultivation. The coun
try is not untried. Our climate, soil and
general resources are well understood. We
guess at nothing. We wish to overstate
nothing. Salem is not a "bocm town,"
staked out on the prairie or . in the woods,
with no past and no future. Neither does
she depend lor her future on the will of
railroad companies or other greedy combi
nations of capital. We rely upon our lo
cation and natural resources and the
spirit and enterprise of our people.
Our advantages are natural, not artifi
cial. A goodly number of people, still
living, have known our climate through a
constant residence of from thirty to fifty
years. In all that time they have seen
nothing of dangerous or destructive
storms, nothing of withering cold. They
have seen no failure of crops in that half
century, or blighting Windsor grasshopper
plagues. They have seen a slow but
steady improvement in the development
of the country.with nothing to shake their
confidence in the brightness of its future.
Placing Salem in the center of a region
with a radius of twenty-live miles we have
an area of 2900 square 'miles. Not one
square mile of this entire area can be
properly designated as waste, arid or un
productive. There are sixty-six post
offices within its bounds, and outside of
Salem sixteen towns and villages ranging
in population from 200 to 2000. Salem
has a population of 15,000. The pop
ulation of the entire region is not
far from 45,000. Deducting the popular
tion of the towns and villages, we have an
agricultural population of not more than
25.000, or about ten persons to the square
mile; including the population of the
towns and villages, about twenty to the
square mile. Yet no one acquainted with
the agricultural, horticultural and manu
facturing capabilities of this magnificent
region will doubt for a moment its capa
city to sustain in comfort and prosperity,
and without crowding, a round half mil
lion of people. Multiply its present popu
lation by ten, and you will then* only
place it in position to begin that course of
industrial and social development to
which it is most certainly destined. For
every man, woman and "child, then, now
living within the limits named, we have
room, work and welcome for nine more.
Salem does not aspire to become a great
commercial center, although her situation
on" a transcontinental railway and on the
banks of a navigable river gives her easy
access to the markets of the world, and
makes it entirely possible for her to be
come a distributing center for agricultural
products and a center for arts ana manu
factures.
Paramount among our manufacturing
establishments are the Salem Woolen
mills (recently burned, but being rebuilt
with enlarged capacity), converting Ore
gon wool into textile "fabrics, aggregating
about $150,000 annually. The Salem Flour
ing-mills, with a capacity of 500 barrels
per day, and the Wallace Cannery, with
an annual output of 25,000 cases. ; ). '>.*■■':.
a soap factory, two sash ana door fac
tories and two iron foundries, besides sev
eral smaller enterprises. Other enter
prises are on foot, and there is room for
still mor<\ A tine electric-power plant is
now in full operation, designed to furnish
power in any part of the city to any
amount, from one-sixth of a horse
power upward. This will enable small
manufacturers of all classes to locate on
cheap grounds and obtain safe and reli
able power at reasonable rates. Surround
ed as she is by a region capable of produc
ing every variety of grain, fruit or vege
table known to tbe temperate zone; hav
ing at her door every kind of raw material
in unlimited abundance; commanding
cheap and easy means of export for such
surplus as her own people do not consume,
it is difficult to see anything to prevent
Salem becoming a manufacturing and dis
tributing center of considerable im
portance. .
The census of Marion County recently !
completed shows the following:
Stock and wool-
Wool, p0und5......... 96.659
Sheep 29,237
Hogs... 21.081
Horses „ 11,083
Mules 253
VIEW ON COMMERCIAL STREET, SALEM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
Cattle ...........:.... 25.803
Products-
Acres under cultivation -. 168,799
Wheal raised during preceding year, : : .
bushels ..:.... 699,870
Oats raised, bushels.... '..".... 864,565
Barley and rye raised, bushels 88,857
lorn "raised, bushels 25,816
Hay.tons 37,481
Flaxseed, bushels 16,253
Tobacco, pounds '...". 2,799
Butter and cheese, pounds . 435,548
Hops, pounds. 8,087.422
Boots-
Potatoes, bushels ...: '. ... 591,
Fruits-
Apples, bushels 61,636
Prunes and plums, bushels 12,689
Fish— •-:;.-
Salmon, pounds 3,295
Salmon, cases 4i
Lumber— ; ■
Lumber, "feet ............ 2,45 5,300
Salem is the county seat of Marion
County, and of course has all the county
buildings. The constitution of Oregon
requires all State institutions to be located
at the capital of the State. This reauire-
I nient secures to Salem permanently .the
State prison, insane asylum, reform school,
and the institutions for the deaf and blind.
All these institutions are now reasonably
well equipped, and are making frequent
additions and improvements .to their
buildings.
In educational advantages Salem is be
| hind no other city on the coast. There
are live public school buildings, four of
these of recent construction and exception-
I ally creditable in equipment and appear
ance. Willamette University, the oldest
institution of its class in the Northwest,
attracts students from a wide extent of
country. The Roman Catholics have a
; school for girls, the Academy of the Sacred
Heart. The Society of Friends have
! recently established a Polytechnic Insti
i tute in which it is designed to combine in
| dustrial and literary training. Kinder
( garten work is fairly started under the
! guidance of an association organized for
that purpose. There is also a well managed
business college.
Streets are wide and lined with beauti
ful shadetrees; residence lots are large, and
j there are two large public squares. Water
| and gas mains are laid throughout the
I city, and the streets are well lighted with
I electricity. In May, 1890, streetcars were
first operated by electricity. The system
was started with two cars on two miles of
road. There are twelve miles of this road
j well built and equipped, and the lines are
i being constantly improved and extended.
i They even now reach out into the garden
ing and fruit-raising districts, and com-
I fortable rural homes • can be obtained
i within cheap, quick and easy reach of the
I business center of the city. Few people
i realize how largely these modern inven
| tions improve the possibilities of a place
j situated as Salem. Under the stimulus of
; these pleasant, safe and rapid means of
I transit there is practically no limit to its
! growth.
In a few years it will be hard to tell
i where the town ends and the country be-
I gins. Families can so locate as to enjoy
| all the freedom of a country home, and
j yet be within easy reach of the social life
! and business advantages of the city.
Though a half century old, Salem has
l just begun to be. The place will grow.
I It is growing. It has increased in popula
-1 tion at the rate of 25 cent a year the
j past four years. Our position is in a land
i of plenty and wonderful productiveness.
I Our merchants do not fail. Our banks, of
which we have four, are sound financial
J institutions. Not only suburban and rural
j homes can be obtained at moderate prices,
MARION county courthouse.
but city residence property and business
locations as well. There are opportunities
for poor people to obtain modest homes,
and one does not need to be a millionaire
to make paying business investments.
DEALS IT HARD BLOWS
Colonel ; Isaac Trumbo Denounces
the Huntington Fund*
..•■. in Bill.
WHY IT SHOULD BE DEFEATED.
It Would Arrest Development and
Subject the People to Any Toll the
■ ; Monopoly Might Impose. •.-•
Colonel Isaac Trumbo writes as follows
to the Salt Lake Herald concerning the
Southern Pacific and the funding bill:
The development of the entire West is
inseparably linked with the increase of its
railroad facilities. Even the free and un
limited coinage of silver will prove almost
useless to the commercial development
and industrial freedom of the great and
wealthy region lying west of the Rocky
Mountains unless freedom from railroad
domination comes with the other desired
condition. I am not of .those
who believe that all the evils .of
our industrial and commercial life are to
be banished by internal competition;
neither do I believe it always follows that
the more railroads we have the better we
are off. There is mischief always to the
public in the investment of capital in
directions where the plants already in
existence are equal to the performance of
all the demands of trade. All the compe
tition in the world will not reduce the cost
of production. It may cheapen ; prices,
but it does not reduce the cost of produc
tion. Hence, over-investment is largely
the same in effect as tinder-investment,
and the public is punished in both cases.
'\ It cannot therefore be said that in the
criticism now made by me on the railroad
situation in California and in all the States
west of and including Utah, the demand
is for competition independently of all ac
tual needs. '. , vr^wV?
The statement that corporations are not
interested in legislation in a Government
like ours, which in degree undertakes to
measurably insure a profit to the investor,
must be based upon . the presumption that
most people have little knowledge or give
little heed to what the Government is doing in
behalf of corporations. .
The Central Pacific is a case in point. It is
all the while asserted that the Central Pacific
Railroad has little or no interest in politics or
governmental affairs. -Yet that it has con
trolled the politics of California and of Nevada
for the last twenty years is as patent to those
willing to know as anything can be. Every
influence that can be brought to bear is ex
erted to protract its domination of the two
States named. > It holds California in a grip
that the people have been unable to loosen, do
what they could. It has corrupted the State
of California, for by means of its political
power, end by the power of the money unlaw-
fully taken by it from the producers and the
merchants of the State, it has been enabled to
coerce or purchase the assent of a majority of
the people to work its ends and to maintain its
victorious influence over one of the fairest
States in the Union. No merchant depending
on the railroad for goods can afford to join in
any movement against it, for the reason that
the road would discriminate against him and
ruin him root and branch. No public officer,
or no man ambitious for office, would think of
opposing it for the reason that it would spend
its money and use its influence to destroy him.
And now, while to the people of this great
State the relief prayed for for years is possible,
we find the inhabitants of adjoining States in
different to the needs of a silver State, or else,
aiding and abetting this corporation in the
perpetuation of its power over California.
In a general way the people of Utah. Idaho
and Arizona are interested in this great ques
tion quite as much as the people ot California,
for the reason that the growth of. all this
region depends on ability to get to' the
waters of the Pacific by some other line than
either the Union Pacific or the Central Pacific.
If this is doubted, let an v Western man explain
what hope for the West there is in the East
except to borrow back the money that has been
dug out of the mountains and washed from the
sands of the West, and which we have pre
sented to the East as a tribute for being al
lowed to be called part of this land of ours. .
Jf the present funding bill is passed in a
form acceptable to the railroads, then the
people of the West will have fastened on them
a domination that will destroy them and pre
vent the development of the country, and sub
ject its resources to the toll that the railroad
masters may feel disposed to impose. . If we
judge to what extent this toll will bo imposed,
we have but to recall what has been done in
the near as well as in the remote past. The
disposition ever has been to extort. While
there may be a change in the method of ex
tortion, in no wise will there be a change in
the disposition to extort. The fruit-growers
of the great State of California have seen the
employes of the railroad walk through their
thriving orchards as the fruit approached
maturity and value it and estimate what it
would bring in the Eastern markets.
Then the close cost of gathering it and plac
ing it on the cars has been figured. Then the
difference between the cost of harvesting and
the price the crop would bring in the market
where it could be sold would be fixed ; on the
cost of transportation. And the orchardlst is
compelled to submit to the extortion or see his
fruit rot in the baskets or fall - from the trees.
The whole of the State of California. is sub
jected to exactly this method of having the
fruits of its toil estimated. Whatever profit
there might be between the cost of production
and the selling value of the product the rail
road . with ready and relentless hand ever
takes.
An excuse is offered for much the railroads
in the West do— mean that which is done by
the Pacific railroads, At the time of tneir con
struction all conditions were unfavorable to
the work. The country. was undeveloped, the
cost of materials was very high and the under
taking of crossing the great Rocky and Sierra
mountain ranges was considered will nign im
possible by the railroads. Capital at that time
in the hands of private individuals would not
.undertake the speculation, and those who had
the necessary confidence in the great work
lacked the money to begin 1 it, much less to
complete it. Government aid was - solicited,
and that the country might be united, by rail
Government credit was loaned to the scheme,
*?<* .colossal grants of land that have already
yielded untold wealth to the corporations, and
which are still unexhausted, were voted to en
courage the interest of private, capital in the
undertaking. Thousands of men who had
nothing but keen intellects when the construc
tion of the Union | Pacific and Central Pacific
railroads were commenced, have become great
financial powers in the Nation.
Out of the earnings of these people thousands
of miles of other roads have been constructed
and are the private property of the men for
merly poor. Investments in other directions
almost without limit have contributed to swell
infinitely the fortunes of these men. The cities
of San Francisco and Oakland are little less
than so much of their private property. They
own the street railway system there. The coal
that goes through California is from the mines
of these men. Never has a cent been returned
to the Government for the money advanced by
It for the construction of these roads— neither
in principal nor in interest. The lands aDd
their revenues have been diverted to the bene
fit of those who built the road on the Govern
ment credit. And every effort to have the
roads surrender to the Government has been
met with the determined opposition of those
who have become multi-millionaires through
the robbery of the people subject to the exac
tions of the road. It is said that Mr. Hunting
ton is prepared to spend $3,000,000 in order to
secure the passage of a bill that will leave the
railroad in his control. •
Now, the building of this road has cost a
good deal more than the plant is worth to-day.
And the excuse for the extortionate rates in
vogue in the management of the road is that
it cannot pay its bonds because the value of
the plant has gone down and it cannot meet
the competition of less expensive roads, nor
can it afi'ord to give the benefit of cheaper rates
to those compelled to trade with it because its
great cost makes high rates necessary. On this
plea and the further plea that, incidental and
other interests have crown up about the road
which are innocent of any offenses against the
Government, it is held that the road should be
permitted to remain in the hands of those that
began the work by a system of robbery and
who have never been able to escape the itch
then created and gratified to a point where no
limit can be fixed. The Credit Mobilier scan
dal has passed largely from the public mind,
but there was such a scandal connected with
the construction of the roads— a scandal which
only touched the very edge of the iniquity,
since there was hardly a contractor or an em
ploye of the road, in any capacity, that in one
form or another was not a partaker of some of
the benefits of 'he wholesale robbery that has
marked the full existence of the road, and
which also largely corrupted the people of the
whole country through which it has been ope
rated by its open purchase of men, by its domi
nation in politics, and by the example of great
respect and power and place bestowed upon
the most notorious of public corruptionists.
Great powers were placed in the hands of these
men which they have prostituted until a whole
State is under their feet. They punish all that
will not serve them, and bestow the rewards
upon those that do serve and protect them in
their infamies. Time and again men have
been sentenced to death as traitors to their
country lor offenses less than half as great as
these.
' If it were simply the question of permitting
these men to enjoy their profits without per
petuating a wrong on Calilornia it would mat
ter little what was done with the road. But
California is to be "kept under a domination
that has already made her pay for the road
time and again in the unlawful rates charged
for the handling of her natural products and
by the exorbitant charges for articles that had
to be imported by v rail.' But that she has a
great stretch of seaboard which has compelled
concessions the State would yet be almost as
backward as parts of Alaska and her citizens
would be all but the absolute slaves of the
railroad-owners and their property as much
subject to their tolls as the fruit-raisers now in
that State and as the property of serfs was
under. the old feudal barons.
This is a question that involves the liberty
and tbe property of the people of the most
blessed State in -the Union, so far as natural
resources are concerned, f It involves the de
velopment of all the wide region west of the
Colorado line. All those to be effected by the
result- of the passage of such a bill as Mr.
Huntington wants, '.should make common
cause with California and Nevada, that the
people may be freed from, the infamous con
trol of the unscrupulous men no determined
to maintain their. power by the purchase of the
, passage of such a bill as will suit them. Every
' Congressman or Senator who votes for any
measure receiving the support of Hunt
ington .may. be. - recognized as wearing
the collar.. of that road and of having
had financial- assistance from the corrupters
who by past robberies can now purchase a con
tinuation of the power to continue a system of
railroad extortion in the future and of the es
toppel and development in the railroad direc
tions for a long future. There shiuld be no
excuse. Every Western representative of the
people should be made to understand that his
political life and the respect of the community
are the prices he will pay for failing to vote so
as to secure to California and Nevada that lib
erty which is impossible while the present
high-handed corporation, domination shall
continue.
The only hope for the opening of a commer
cial highway to the Pacific Ocean from Utah is
through the defeat of the measure so earnestly
desired by the Central Pacific magnates. ..That
money will be spent lavishly and, that the peo
ple will be made to pay it back as a price of
their temerity in trying to secure both politi
cal and commercial liberty, may be assured.
The people of the whole Nation should be in
terested in this grave issue. No Nation is free
where part of its citizens are in slavery,
whether in factor in name. And the wrong
that has so long been practiced upon Califor
nia is a wrong that may come to the citizens
of any other State at any time by corporation
combinations. A blow at the bare-faced de
mands for the power of continued robbery
made by the Central Pacific is a blow struck in
behalf of the rights of people everywhere. It
is a step in defense of the right of "the fathers
and mothers of the Nation to have the ex
ample that only thieves are successful no
longer temptingly spread before their children.
The young life of the Nation is being corrupted
by wealth and political preferment, and all
these questions are directly. involved in the
issue now between the people of the West and
the Pacific railroads. Is it possible that the
citizens of other parts of the Nation are bo lost
to oil principle that they see no wrong and will
defend no right thing that does not directly
concern themselves? It is not so, and no lover
of his country can believe it. Yours.
Isaac Trumeo.
A SOUTH SEA HURRICANE
The Greatest Blow in Forty
Years Sweeps Over the
Friendly Islands.
Three Vessels Wrecked During the
Fury of the Destructive
Gales.
J. A. Magee of innepec arrived from
Samoa yesterday and is stopping at the
The Tonga or Friendly Islands, Which
Have Recently Been the Scene of a
Terrific Hurricane.
Bom House. He .is accompanied by his
wife and child. Mr. Magee brings quite a
budget of news from those far-away islands.
_ "The most frightful hurricane that ', has
visited any of the islands in the South Seas
for forty years is reported to have centered
about the Tonga group of ■ the Friendly
Islands about January 2,"- said Mr. Magee
yesterday. "At Samoa we had very
meager; details up.to the time I left, but
it was known that three vessels had been
totally wrecked , together with a great
many, small fishing sloops. . ■'.- '■:'■ -• .-;.••
• I "The Aeele, a schooner belonging at Apia;
and barks Woo Sung and West Australian
were destroyed! All of them were driven
over the coral reefs and left high and dry,
totally wrecked. The Aeele was in the ;
harbor of Haafeva and the others were at ;
Lifuka. The Woo Sung was a Danish vessel j
of about 600 tons, and the West Australian, j
about 900 tons, belonged at the' Colonies. !
They, were loading T with copra arid the j
West Australian had a cargo of 600 tons I
aboard, worth $24,000.
"The Tongan islands lie about 700 miles
south of the moan islands. They are
an independent group, with a population
of about 30,000. They have a very en
lightened and progressive native ruler,
King George. He has at- his capital a col
lege where the natives are taught the rudi
ments of learning. He requires his people
to be clad from neck to knees. Altogether
they are a very tractable and interesting
people. ..'.■■
"At Samoa we felt no signs of the terrific
blow that took place there. But since
December the islands have been frequently
shaken by terrific earthquakes. There are
no buildings there that could be shaken
down, but the low one-story houses could
be seen to sway and the tremors per
ceptibly felt, while the crockery and
chinaware rattled together and fell from
their ; shelves. The most distinct Bhock
was felt on Christmas day.
"It is very . likely that this demonstra
tion was related to the blow and tidal
wave at the Friendly Islands."
~Mr. Magee tells, a pretty story about
Robert Louis Stevenson with whom he ;
was acquainted and which has only been
mentioned incidentally heretofore. '.
Chief Justice H. C. Ide of the island has i
a very pretty daughter of 18. She was j
born ift a leap year on February 29, and
consequently could only enjoy the luxury i
of a birthday every fourth year. While •
she was away visiting friends in .Vermont
she wrote to her father expressing regret j
about this.
The Judge mentioned the matter jok
ingly to Stevenson, who thereupon
straightway sat down and made a will, be
queathing his own birthday to the discon
solate young lady. f./v
The will was lengthy and elaborate,
using all the legal phraseology, as Steven
son said, "that he could think of," and
giving as his reason for the bequest that
he was growing old and had little use of a
birthday now, anyhow, and he would be
pleased if it would be made to do his
young friend any good.
She wrote to him thanking him cor
dially, and has since religiously celebrated
the poet's birthday, which, by the way,
was one of the conditions of the bequest
that she should do.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
A Great Game Played Between Harlow
and Bonnet and Kilgallon and
Kiordan.
Handball enthusiasts were out in '■ full
NEW TO-DAY. v^^_
DON'T SUFFER A MINUTE FROM RHEUMATIC OR
„, other pains, from Kidney- or Liver complaint. You need
not, as you can be cured,, quickly and forever.
Day after day you see where people give public testimony
that they have been cured by Dr. : Sanden's Electric Belt. Now
if it was not a wonderfully effective remedy do you suppose it
would be producing these daily cures ? Do you know of any
other remedy that can show such results ? Of course not, for no
other remedy can give you Electricity as Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt does. It gives you Electricity for from three to eight hours,
and Electricity makes new life in your body.
"Makes People Strong."
"It is the best Electric Belt I ever saw, and I .would. not part
with it for any price," was said by a prominent State official
yesterday. ' The name of this gentleman, like many others of
prominence whom Dr. Sanden's Belt has cured, cannot be given
publicity, but Dr. Sanden will give it to any one calling at hi 9
office.
(If Dr. Sanden was permitted to publish the names of hall the men who have acknowledged
their cures by his Belt no-one would doubt its power. But people are gradually finding it out,
and it is only a matter of a few years when this famous Belt will be In every household, and
used with immediate results in most of the common ailments in which drugs are now so un«
satisfactorily used.)
Get the littie book, "Three Classes of Men," free. All about the Belt and prices. •
J3^LlSri3IS3Xr ELECTRIC CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B to 6; Evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Portland, Oreeon, Office, 253 Washington Street.
; SIGNATURE <^Bg>^
! v / t st/i/lr' a a \U rt t
I j W&CZ-* mik Wrm*
)c/y L/ T^^^ is now d^^^maii/ 0
( printed in -^^^^^^Jw^ 5
J BLUE, diagonally y^rr^^^m- ©
jjacross the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of ©
: * taBI - BI ' BB *-**''M---«*
* The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- $
, tection against all imitations. J
j Agents for the United States. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y.J
llSli^ KMffiW RESTORERS^™
M Ty. <^' P\ X* ■**- v (6? tlon of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
■\\ jCri/xLv ', \\ oU3 or , diseases the generative organ*, such as Lost Manhood,'
IS 1 M&jU %y *&SiJ Insomnia, I'ains la the Buck, Seminal Amissions, Nervous Debility,
Si VjP^T» V 'H-S9' Pimples, unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Bruins, Varicocele and
X \ J \^ -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by flay or night. Prevents quick*
W, nessof discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
■ BEFORE and AFTER nil the horrors of Impotency. «'l*l»lDKslE cleanses tiie liver, Uta
Ws «*wTw. r >,«.„ n . r, r" kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
vvnscM strengthens and restores small weak organs.
■«_*i ,8 ,, r * ason «an"erers are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
rroatstitla. CUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure wltliput an operation. 8000 tpstimoni-
5J* A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent curft ■
|U» a box, six for $5.00, by malL Send for vbxb circular and testimonials. ..•.-'
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street. San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
•' - • ' ' BBOOKS' PIIAKMACY, 119 Powell street. :
"" . ' ■ . ,!. ' J
"CLEANLINESS IS NAE PRIDE, DIRT'S NAE HONESTY."
COMMON SENSE DICTATES THE USE OF
; ir* ■ ■ a ' wf^w *<*%. ■ m r } ¥ af^ • •
' #A ■ M ttk W\ Es n fit B
SAPOLIO
force yesterday and the courts were
crowded. The principal attraction was at
the San Francisco court, where J. Harlow,
the coast' champion, and T. I< . Bonnet
played against J. Riordan and M.. J. Kil-
Millon the Denver champion. Every seat
in the gallery was occupied, and many who
were unable to get a seat climbed to the
roof The game was one of the best seen
on the coast. Harlow ana Bonnet started
off in great style and won the first two
games with ease, Harlow tossing twenty
eight consecutive aces. They seemed to
take things easy in the third game, which
was won by Kilgallon and Riordan, and
the latter astonished everybody by winning
the next two games, although the final was
won by only two ace.?. In the two last
games there was as fine an exhibition of
science on both sides as could be seen any
where.
Following were theJgames played in the
courts yesterday:
" San Francisco court— McNeil and J. Rod
ders defeated P. Ryan and G. McDonald, 21—
14, 17—21, 21—19. W. Manlon and M. Mc-
Neil defeated P. Ryan and G. McDonald, 21—
13, 9—21, 21—19. M. Edwards and J. White de
feated R. Murphy and M. Hutchinson, 21—10,
17— , 21— 8. J. O'Neil ana W. Sullivan defeated
M. Callahan and W. Collopy, 21—14. 9— 21; <
21— 10. J. Slattery and P. Kelly defeated J.
Nelson and J. McEvelley, 21—12,19-21, 21—
10, 8-21, 21—15, and J. C.< Nealon and G.
Hutchinson defeated P. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, and P. Hutchinson, 21 13, 17,
13—21, 21—10, 21—19, and M.J. Kilgallon, the
ver champion, and J. Riordan defeated J. Har
low, the coast champion, and T. F. Bonnet,
3-21,19—21,21—9,21—14,21—19.
Union court— C. Johnston and Professor
Lynch defeated O. Hendy and Matt Coughlin,
21—18, 19—21, 21—18. M.Kenealy and J.
Lowery defeated D. Crowley and P. Ryan, 21 —
14, 21—18, 21—12. M. Deverix and P. Staple
ton defeated D.Crowley and P. Ryan. 21— 1,
21—18, 21—12. Dr. F. X. Emerson defeated
Dr. T. H. Hughes, 21—20, 21—20. 21—18'
Tim Jordan and J. Doolev defeated T. Doyle
and J. McNamara, 21—12, 21—18, 21—20.
William McMan us mid J. o'D>;;iiicll defeated
P. Farrell and Paul Kelly, 21—20, 21-20,
21—19. 11. Batzner ami C. Long defeated 11.
McKenny and Dan Dooley, 21—12. 10—21,
21—10. Al Pennover and M. Dillon defeated J.
J. Feencv and T. McManus, 18—21, 21—19,
21— 18, 17—21. 21—19.
Occidental court— F. Lewis and Al Collins
defeated C. Riordan and B. Katz, 21—12, 10—
21,21—17. Ge»ald O'Brien and D. J. 1 1 aura
han defeated A. Mclnnerny and F. Palmer, 21
-11, 21—18. Dr. Ed Hill and Joe McKenna
defeated Captain P. Dunne and W. O. Sullivan,
21—12, 18—21, 21—10. Jo.; Baxter 'and D.
E. Condon defeated James J. O'Brien and
Matt Donr.ell, 10—21, 21—19. 21—19. J.
Lynch and Gerald O'B-ien defeated J. Mellott
and T. Fitzgerald, 21— 17, 10—21, 21—14. P.
F. McCormick and J. J. Teeny defeated G. Gog
gin and John Purcell, 21— 16, 13— 21, 21— 1-*.
V . J. Jacobs and D. Williamson defeated G.
Cunningham and A. Collin?, 21— 11, 10— 21,
21—18. P. H. Goessel and T. Fen cham
pion of the' Acme Club, defeated I). Williamson
and C. J. McGlynn, 21—15, 13-21, 21—17.
Get Kid of Cold at Once by using Dr. D.
Jayne's Expectorant, a certain cure for all Pul
monary and Bronchial Affections, :PIERCING THE PASTEBOARD
Grand Outing of the Schuet-i
zen Verein Yester
day.
SEVERAL GOOD SCORES MADE.!
Schuetzen and Shell Mound Shooting I
Ranges Were Well
Patronized.
i
a<* th « sharpshooters the choosing of i
their day, so far as its being favorable for |
shooting goes, they could not have selected '
a more favorable one than was yesterday
for shooting at the target.
And yesterday, being one of the very
finest of California winter days, many
marksmen shouldered their rifles and hied
themselves in divisions to Schuetzen arid
Shell Mound parks, there to spend the day,
accompanied by their wives and children, !
to enjoy themselves in their accustomed ;
way, without interfering with their neigh- '
bors' joys or comforts.
The more pronounced marksmen of the
several vereins, headed by trie renowned
target-piercer Philo Jacoby, patronized
Schuetzen Park, there to compete for hon- >
ore and medals. -v.t- - -
The competition between the mem
bers of the California Schuetzen Club
who belong to the National Guard and
who will report in Sacramento on Wash- I
ington's birthday, there to compete with I
the gold- bar winners from the entire State !
for possession of the State's medal, re- I
sulted in the selection of: A. Enrenpfort, |
P. Kelly. H. R. Brown, T. J. Carroll, F.
C. Muller, F. Riehl and Charles Novak. :
Yesterday's shooting at Schuetzen Park j
was opened by the Grutli Verein section |
forthe monthly medal. The contest was
sharp and animated, and after all the '
scores had been carefully totaled up it re- j
suited in the following numerical order: j
W. D\ethelm, J. Boehman. H. Hinter- i
mann, F. Baumgarten, Charles Ott, M. A. j
Tschurr and John Frei.
The Turner Schuetzens proceeded next j
to earn honors at what is Known as plain i
bullseye shooting. The scores made in j
this contest were very fine, and resulted in I
the following order: O. Burmiester, F. j
Brunotte, C. Sageborn, H. Enger, Charles • !
Neilson, Charles Rudolph, Joseph Straub,
W. F. Attinger. H. Steiber, L. Bruni, F.
Kommer and W. Glinderraann.
The members of this club, immediately
on the finish of the above score, com
peted for the medal of the championship
class. W. Glimiermann was more for- !
tunate in this score, as he came out with
flying banners, carrying with him T the
championship medal. J. Straub came
next on the role of honorable mention,
and obtained the first-class medal. L.
Bruni won the second-class medal. R.
Finking came next with the first best shot
outside of the medal ring, and F. Attinger
followed close in his tracks and was cred
ited with the last best shot.
The final bout of the day was the most
exciting, as it was for the yearly diamond
medal, which, when won, will become the
property of the lucky man who makes the
best 7 shots out of 12 at the end of the j
year. -
The shooting for this valuable prize yes
terday was far above the average of other !
competitions, as the figures will show.
The shooting for this prize is at a six-inch
pasteboard target, 200 feet distant, and the
exact measurement being so precise as to
measure one inch by the thousandth part, j
The figures here given indicate the dis
tance given by this measurement from the i
center of the target: •- -.;.--
O. Bremer 178, L. Bendel 207, A. Ehrenpfort !
288, A. X. Boveu 308, J. C. Waller 368,, A. ;
Strecker 447, H. Knge 562, F. Attinger 569, C. !
Theirbach 640, R. Stettin 085, P. Brunotte 760, |
J. Stanton 924, L. Reubold 924, J. . Utschig i
1443.
AT SHELL MOUND.
Good Scores Made In a Very
Treacherous Light.
For all that it was an "off -1 Sunday
yesterday at the Shell Mound shooting
range, still there was a fairly good attend
ance of riflemen, but nearly all were out
for practice. There was no wind to speak
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track.
In rtees where the horses have do record at the distance to be run the records at ths next nearest
MstaßCS are Riven.
Abbreviations— F.. fast; Fa. fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; », about.
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs: selling.
In<3c». !
663 Ihe Judge
ÜBS Mlnnt* ccc.
61*4 'Governor Budd.
66.H Sleeping Child..
6*B Artist
688 Duello.
6*B San Luis Key.
(691) Hazard..
67H Idasauer..
636 Tb^res^
647 Comrade ;
657 Belle of Stonewl
Name.
| Best I
Lbs record. ] Dlst. !
104 1:11% 51 2 f
99. 1:501/4 1 m :
89 1:011 2 5f
M 1:14 *6f
104 1:26% 7f
M
101 1:42 1 m
101 1:30% 7 f
99 1:19 »6t •
Si l; 30% 7f
101 1:05V4 5f
102 1:18 *6f
Lbs Tk.
120 H.. B.Abrahams
10a H. i). a. liouig
• 10b F . . Woodlawn stables. .
109 F.. W. I>. Kandall
102 F C. OUm*o
J. Hobblna
101 F.. J. 1. riifon
|j©s F.iJ. G. iJrown <t Co..
1100 H.. (i. L. Bell
I PH 11.. B. Schreiber
1 107 11.. 1 .Spooner J
|10l) H.. \V. B. sink ,
Imp. Loyalist-British Queen
.Pienipo-Jaconet
Krfsiio-Jiosa (i
Child Mist-Erin-Go-Braugh
lnip. Darebln-lilrondelle
L!(,teral-nnp. Itoyal Title
Ep.Nrflk-MljMrCarty's Lgt
strath more-Zoo Zoo
Jo? Hixiker-Addie O'Xeil
Dke MontrosC-I^aKtrondole
Tyrant-lilltliesome
Spendthrift-Miss Nailer
Pedigree. '
KECOND RACE— Six furloncs: selling.
Index. '
I ' Best I
Lbs record. ; Dlsu
Lbs Tk.
, 90 F .
"e'e f*.'.
•; 96JF..
ioSipH
91 F.
104 F..
...J....
129 F ..
102 Fa!
98 HV.
92 H..
87 F*'.".
97 F..
1
Pedigree.
649 ! Harry 1a....
693 GeorifeC.
634 Crawford
681 Brametta ° :
693 UttleJimmle..
646 Verauua
628 Vernon.... '
694' Myrtle H i
558 Irish Chief...... >
675 «old Bug
429 Imp. Amarino..
656 .Sweet Rose
659 Repeater......;. |
682 Huntsman..... |
647 Raphael..: .
702 Mollle 8..V ;
647 Ginger..... !
660 Little Bob ■
644 Suffrage
en'J Fleet |
105 1-.13V4 »6f
90 ; 1
106 1:151,4 6f
90 1 : 01 *. 5f I
90
90 "*:'s6" , ' 4V.'f'
102 1:09 ! 61/2 * '
i 88 66 4' f
105 T....
105 1 :08V4 ; 6y f
108 i
. 88 '.'.':'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
102 1:16% 5%f
(105 ........
105 1:07 5 i
100 1:61 7f
403
102 1:01% 5 f
88 :56i 2 41^ f
105 ...:...: .......
.1. Madrlox ;
J. >.arrltr ;.'..". .'.... !
Antrim stable j
D. A. Honig ;
E. Corrigan
\V U'BMacdonough
Westchester stable.
T. J. Roche..;
H. r. Grillin
James Hunter......
Lee Snaner
Bu Wuterho-jse
J. Brenock
Odell 5tab1e.........
; E. Powe .:......
J. Robbing ;..
C. O. fly num.
Davenport stable...
El I'oronast.-.be....
Welcome stable. . . .
Versailles-Cousla Kate.
Bramble- Lady Lou.
l Apache-Kmnia Ix>ngfield.
I Bramble-Ketta.'
Longfellow-Rena B.
■Sinfax-Partisana.
Powhattan-Verna.
Torso-Lady Leinster.
Longfellow- Babee.
rittsburg-Mollie U.
Kelia-Amadlne. ■
Flambeau-Imp." Fairy Rote.
H apt lire- Ventura. ■
Prince Norfolk-Haldee.
Duke Norfolk-Futurity.
Imp. Mariner Cantenac.
Kolian- Respond.
Surinam-Daisy 6.
Imp. Huwarro\v-Franche»e.
Hermese- U n known-
THIRD KACE— One and • sixteenth mllea: handicap.
i Bept I
Jr.dex. K»m«. Lbs record. | DlsU |Lbs Tk. i Owner. Pedigree.
6H9 Lo K an ..j 119 1:57 l%fcm 110 H. ; A. Shields Voltigner-Pm
(6C6) Imp. KM Kuby.. 114 1:52 11-HSm 114 H..;G. B. Morris * (Jo Hampton-OrnHment
oh 9 De! None 102 1:47 . 1 l-16m 105 K. Woodlawn stable. ; Imp. Greenback-Prlscilla
67H Cabrillo 101 1 :43»4 im 50yi 98 F... |K. Van Urunt . ... Pt.Savlor-ip.l,izzie Hmpton
6HI jmngarven 99 1 : M)8 /V l 1-lb >»■ 99 Fa |L. Kzell Hindoo-Imp. Calphurnia
6>.() K. K. Sherley. ... 93 1 : S2\ 2 7 f , 104; H . !r. Bro-.vn Bonnie Brown-Dispatch
696 Ip.Fullertou Lags 87 [1 : 18V4I6 f ] 101, H.. .Shabbona «:ahle.. Fullerton-castaway
FOUKTH KACE— One mile: hurdle; handicap. f -
! Best
Lbs record.
Pedigree.
Index.
' Best I .-■•■"• .| " I :-■■: I •". v
Index. Name. Lbs record. I>ist. Lbs . Tk.| Owner.
too" jo C ..... 182! 2:051/4 lMra 140 H..!0. Motheral
«79 ThreeTorks.... .160 2:12V4 1 V 8 m 142|h:.- F. Farrar ■..'.
(684) A relic ...... 140 2:20 V* IV* m |140 F... i Welcome stable...;
684- Arnenti ..... 140 2:SIV4 lV4.m 142 H.. L, Kze11..:... ;......
679 ricero . . H03:55»/ 4 2 m 147 H.. H. O. iiildreth
♦584 Arundei 1 139 no rc-c.j :. ..... Flood more stable..
«hs Artist *. ' 135 : norec ........ C l . (tinman
b79 Guadaloupe.!.'!" 130,2:49 l^m 132 F... Pleasanton stable..
SOI) Manhattan..... 130 norec.l • :.. J. A. toss ........
693 McGovern ...... ISO no rec .... S. Wenn -■•••...
nrHike 130 \ • S. C. Hlldreth.
■ «79 Snverado:::::::: a.-65% HIS* 130 H.. K. Corrl »n .....y..
Owner.
Apache-Irene
Spokane-Trifle
Kob.son Greeuleaf
In'qulrer-Arilla
Longfeliow-Bell Knight
Duke. Norfolk-Elaine
Imp. Durebin-Hirondelle
Grinstead-Josle C
Blrdcntcber-rrsulla
Surinam-Chester Belle
Vuss;i!-l.ai!ylike
Kiitherford-Josie C
FIFTH KACE— Seven furlongs: purse.
ndex.{ Name. Lbaj record. Dlst. Lbs Tic. Owner. > Pedigree.
nrtex.. Name. Lbs record. Di»t. jLtw Tic.; Owner. \\ Pedigree.
"tfiiTjArnette ~97 1:34 7% * 104 Garden City stable. Imp. Midlothlau-Fllena
HOOSir Vassar ' 96 1::.'9% 7f -> 98 F...H. T. Griffin .. Sir DixonWassar
r-8P lW "'' ! 111 1:24 «% « 12* H. A. 5hie1d5.......... Voltiguer-Pert ■-■ . >
68» Hunner::: 102 1:41% U m 104 F... Antrim stable ... Joe Dan els-Wiss Hooker
6«B \-<\ k'p«m*r 114 1: •-8 ! '7 f 110 F... G. h. Smith rom Ochlltree-Medusa
174 AKiiafo . I!" 93 1«4 I« '^ ! H01K... Pueblo stable Imp. a ,Frolic
(6671 C\ i c" or Fortne 103 1:37»4 7' I° s —J. «»rvey..:......: dano-Jennie B
r>H7 oraf,fv 93 1-27% 7f 114 F... Westchester stable. Farondole-Satisfactlon
(689) Van^e'jVoortic: .1:1".V»: 6f- l l^ 7 "- Cambridge stab.c.. Prince Royal Man^nita
1 1
I
Pedigree.
SIXTH HACK— Six furlongs; selllDg.
Index.
Best I
ndex. Name lbs record. ! Dial. * | Lbs
t>9l Felix Carr liooll :63%'!5 t 1102
WO Uode) 100 I:U7»'4 5', 2 » i 105
657 Boreas 1051 :13v1|6 f 103
«-"4 Princess Hose II 88 :56i/414% t ■ I° 7
681 nuchusMllpltag 100 1:41% Inj ' 98
675 Tim Murphy ... 10. » l:0«»/» 5% f "; 105
591 Japan.. 90 no no , ....... • ••-
-894 Walters 93 :56V* 4% ' 105
454 iioyal Flush.... IOR> 1 :2H/I 6% f.-'- *14
408 ; Cand0r.......... 100 1:42 1 m • 109
Name
>TkJ Owner.
Fa. B. Schr>-tber
!f... California stable
|F... G. Rose
F.. . J. G. Brown <ft Co..
K.jElmwood.stck farm
F... White <£ Clarke...
I >I. T. Donovan
F.. . ! F. McDermott
F... 'Owen* Bros
F-.JF. riiinips
.liis Johnson-Wigwam
Imp. Sir Modred-Oypsy
Kol lan-Ordnance
Himyar-Wild Kose
Duke Norfolk- Ledette
Imp. Kyrle Paly-Maggie R"
Lmd-n-Kll See Kss
Imp i rue Briton Lilly S
Three Cheers-Rosette
Imp. Darebiii-Misa Clay
of to cause the marksmen to shift their
wmdgauges, but the light was treacherous.
none better than riflemen realize the tricks
tne light on an ordinary bright day can play,
it frequently happens that within the space
°\. second the atmospheric : conditions
will chance so as to completely upset a
mans . calculations. -~ For example, the
black disk in the white target on a 200-yard
range will appear riot over 100 yards away
and the next minute it will be so dim as
to appear 250 or 300 yards away.
. Such illusions are bad enough, but the
refleman is completely at sea . hen the
bullseye - "stretches" down to meet the
front sight on his rifle. That, is the round
black . disk appears to become elongated
like an egc on end. When this illusion
takes place the marksman had better wait
for the atmosphere to clear or he will be
.taking great chances of making, a wild
shot. ■ v
' Another atmospheric caprice is when
the heat and light give the lower part of
the round disk a flattened appearance like
the bottom of a pear. To fully explain the
causes of these eccentricities would take
too much space, but briefly stated they are
heat, light and wind.
Such conditions existed yesterday, and
it kept the marksmen thinking rapidly to
keep pace with the changes. For all . that
a number of very good scores were made.
The shooting section of the Red Men
held its regular contest for class medals.
The scores and winners were as follows:
Champion medal, won by John Zimmermann,
! 369 rings; first class medal, won by H. Bach.
| 332; second class medal, won by P. H. Hulffs,
I 296; third class medal, won by W. Dressier,
' 260; fourth class medal, won by G. Wagner,
j 200; first best-shot medal, won by G. Huer,
24 ; last best-shot medal, won by H. Bockmanu,
25. . - , »
Several of tbe military sharpshooters
held their monthly medal shoots/ Since
the reorganization of the National Guard
many new nun have entered the volun
teer service and nearly all are young men.
All of the latter have entered rifle shoot
ing with enthusiasm, and, while their
scores are not very high, they are deter
mined to succeed. Many of the new mem
bers were on the range practicing yester
day. , Following are the companies, marks
men and scores: ■
Company Bof the First— E. C. Cordell 36,
Lieutenant A. F. Rarum 43, W. Osmond 35,
Georee Sullivan 37, Charles Perry 47, J. Gllkv
son 29, H. B. Sullivan 37, A Mc'Culloch 35, L.
K. Townsend 42, J. R. "Wear 43, \V. Krug 27.
Roberts 33, William Kelly 36, J. J. Yaeger 35,
A. E. H. Apthorpe 40, Gus Ungerman 43, W. L.
Overstreet 29, \\. Raumgartner 46, L. Zimmer
man 36, A. GeHret 42, A. Fetz 41, J. Fetz 44. R.
Gibbs32, E. L. Filmer33.. ; .
Company A of the Fifth— Captain Poulter
43, Sergeant Donnle 43, Sergeant Brier 38, C.
E. Maker 41, Lieutenant Vaughn 40, "V. Sum
mers 44, C. Puckett 40, Jahanigan 38, F. Peter
son 32, J. \V. Peck 29, McCombs 3, Parritt 2,
Moore 25, Brink 31, Herman 24, Fellows' 3s,
Brvan 2S,Bodwell 28, Jumper 32, Jahnlgan
28. Strong 29. Ellis 41, Learn 36, Llttleiield 43,
J. Taggard 31. J. S. Stewart 43, McKlllican 38,
C. Taggert 35, Tymeson 39, Patrey 12, Hall 13,
Deeds 30, Dickerson 33.
Knights of the Red Branch Rifles, practice
Captain J- Sheehy. 43; Sergeant D. Russel, 33;
P. Sullivan, 28: J. Campbell, 37; Serjeant M.
Gaul, 42; Sergeant J. Smith, 41; J. Tracv, 41;
Lieutenant M. Mannix, 33; I). Murphy, 30; P.
Rahill, 41 ; P. Rush. 41 ; Ed. Lee, 42 ; E. Rahill,
30; Rogsson, 35; Killeen, 36; Corporal J.J.
Rogsson,4o;G. Egan, 27; P. Kearney, 26 ; J. J.
Loughry, 30: J. D. Loughry. 29; Corporal John
Green, 41 ; J. Fahy, 30 ; J. Hogan; 30.
FROM HAWAII.
Considerable Interest Manifested In
the Islands Over the Inter-
Republic Match.
Honolulu, Feb. 10.— In military circles
little else is talked of now but the contest
between the National Guards of Hawaii
and California which takes place this
afternoon. Colonel Fisher kindly furnished
The Call correspondent with a complete
list of the team he has selected, which is
as follows: •■• .
;• Field and Staff— Pratt, Fisher
and W. C. Ring.
Company A— Bordfield and Duarte.
- Company B— White. Elwin, Johnson,
Schmidt, Giles, Parke, Oleson, Storey and
Rowell.
Company — Camara.
Company D — McKinnon, Drummond,
Johnson^ Boyd and C. Crozier.
Company E— Moore. Gouvea, Buchanan;
Coyne, Sutton, Barry, Taylor, J. W. Smith,
Berry, Cailyle, Sherwood, Sproat, Loh
man and Neeley. ' '%•';.>
Company — Ludwig, S. Johnson, Bur
neue. Vollberg, Hanarald, Reade, ! Hager
up, Lambert, H. Peterson, McKeague,
Frudershoff. P. Johnson. Fitzsimmons
and W. Peterson -h> "•';"/
Justice Brewer of the United States
Supreme Court and a member of the
Venezuelan Boundary Commission is a
nephew of Justice Field. Justice Brewer
was born in Smyrna, Asia Minor, but his
parents returned to the United States
before he was a year old.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
MARDI GRAS PREPARATION
Artists Produce ' Wonderful
Changes at the Hopkins .
Mansion.
STANTON IS CHIEF MAGICIAN.
Artistic and Bizarre Decorative Ef
fects to Astonish and Delight : J.
• the Maskers. V
Had Artist John Stanton lived the
time of Aladdin that lucKy young magician
would not have needed his lamp to secure
beautiful interior deooratioris for his pal
ace. :He might have turned Stanton loose
in a room with a miscellaneous assortment
of tacks, wire mesh fencing material, old
clothes and a tub of water thickened with
plaster of pans, and, 10, bare walls would,
be transfigured into immense, elaborately
carved panels. Some soft colored paint
and a lot of gilt powder, and , gorgeous
trappings would result.
That is what was being done at the Hop
kins Art ■ Institute all day yesterday. A
piece of wire netting was bent and tacked
on the wall. A piece of cloth wet in plas-
ter of paris is fastened over it. There is a
smearing of gold paint, -and— presto— a
massive gilt vase of classic form, daintily
poised, stands out from the wall in strong
relief. • ' • . . -W/ : ' : &
The scene at the institute was a stirring
one. Stanton and a half dozen art stu
donts dressed in dirty loose blouses and
old clothes. were transforming the recep
tion hall into a room of wonderful artistic
beauty and novelty. Queer effects in
lighting and original and bizarre decora
tive ideas have been given full sway, so
that the rooms for the Mardi Gras will
present an artistic appearance.
. There were rive young men with tangled
locks and bronze bedaubed faces assisting
Mr. Stanton. They were William Huba
cek, Ralph Robinson, Charley Burnett,
Mr. Aitken and It. Urunuela. All are art
students. • ' \
One of the most striking features of the
decoration are the hangings of glorious
oriental rugs. This work was being super
intended • personally by Hadji- Ephraim
Bcnguiat, who also furnished the rugs,
most of which are of rare historical inter
est. Mr. Bemiuiat is well known among
the artists for his striking work, and five
years ago did the decorating of the rooms
for the great artists' ball in Boston.
There, are to. he many distinguished
guests at the ball. His Higness the Duke
of Abruzzi, A. Bertolini, commander of
the Christoforo Colombo, and. officers, and
General Forsyth and his staff are to be
present in full uniform, Paderewski will
also attend. Besides this there have been
answers to the invitations from over two
hundred and fifty of society's 400. -
. Sir Henry Heyman, who is to lead the
orchestra, promises that the maskers will
have music such as they never danced to
before. Mr. Martin merely beams and
says: ''It will be beyond every one's ex
pectations." " '-,"'•;*-/
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Boatman Henry Peterson and
His Faithful Little Ger-
man Band.
Trial Trip of the Steamer Adams—Ar
... rival of Three Deep- Water
Ships.
The bright, sunny day and warm, pleas
ant weather drew many people down on
the ; water . front yesterday,, and conse
quently the wharves were crowded with
visitors.
.The sociable and courteous; officers- of
the Italian cruiser Cristoforo Colombo
again invited the public to inspect their
vessel, and several tugs gayly flying the
tri-coior of Italy carried passengers be
tween the ship and the shore. Henry Pe
terson, with his launch Amy, by a bright
stroke of policy, provided music for the
patron's of his craft, and caught the greater
part of the passengers who went out to
the Colombo. His landing-place was
alongside of the German ship H. Hack
feld, and noticine an accordion lying on
the vessel's topgallant forecastle he made
inquiries and learned that the whole ship's'
crew were masters of melody. ,
So he employed: the entire outfit to sit
on the Hackfeld's ; rail :' several hours for a
keg of beer. ;l The band consisted of the
acordion ; as ' leader, * a violin, two »' very
home-made drums vividly # hand-painted,
■ a triangle, tambourine and pair of cimbals.
The music was ; not quite Paderewskian,
but the artists stuck faithfully to Peterson
and filled the 'little Amy. till her gunwales
were level with. the water.;. A" rival >. boat
man, whose passenger business to the
cruiser was *in j'jred *: thereby, is ' going to'
bring, the matter before ; the ' Musicians'
Union and have the Amy boycotted for
running to the time of "scab" music. ; ; ;"
,: ' The ' United ; States - steamer Adams re
turned from her trial trip of /»' short run
down the Coast yesterday. It was her
first work outside since being extensively
repaired and refitted; at Mare Island.: She
attained a speed of- 10.9 knots in a mod-;
crate sea with her engines working splen
didly, and .the inspecting officers, are
highly pleased with. the vessel's j behavior.
She will leave for Honolulu to-morrow or
next day. '." ''•
The revenue cutter 'Perry, which is un
dergoing extensive repairs at Main-street
dock, will, when ready for sea, have had
$10,000 spent on her. She will be provided
with a fine new battery of six-pounder
rapid-fire rifles, new decks,' sails and boats,
among which is. a steam launch.
There has also been work done on her
rails and deck houses. • She will be the
best-equipped; vessel in the Pacific Coast
revenue service.; ' ; - • */.
The battle-ship Oregon is practically fin
ished, and to-morrow she will be towed to
the drydock at Hunters Point. There she
will be cleaned ' and - her : hull otherwise
made ready for the trial. >' Until Mare Isl
and Navy-yard gets a larger dock the
Oregon will have to visit Hunters Point in
the future, as no other basin will hold her
generous proportions. '"
' The British ship ' Ellsmere, Captain
Beeching, arrived yesterday, 162 days from
Dundee by way of' South Shields. The
British ship Celtic, Race, Captain Owen,
122 days from Newcastle, Eng., and the
British "ship Roby-, Captain Oakley, 129
days from Liverpool,' came in yesterday.
Taney Felton, the blind Indian who begs
and plays, a . mouth-harmonica on the
streets, 'arrested yesterday at the ferry.
He was under the influence of liquor arid
was making a disgusting spectacle of him
self generally. At the, police station he
was abusive, and was locked up charged
with drunkenness and vagrancy. Th« un
fortunate fellow is a miserable object and
an eyesore to the public. He should be
put some place and taken care of.
Suggestion of a Scene at the Coming Mardi Gras From the Upper Gallery of the
• Art Institute.
The following were the cabin passengers
of the Oceanic steamship Monowai which
arrived from Australia. New Zealand,
Samoa and Honolulu Saturday night:
From Sydney—^MissM. Donovan. Miss
P. Heymanson, Miss K. Prescott, E. W.
Scott and wife, A. A. Zimmerman and
wife, Joseph P. Prescott, A. F. Herbsleb,
Walter. E. Scott; K. A. Sanford, F. Red
dihough, Mrs. L. Legler, Mrs. Kingsbury
and two children. Sir William Windeyer,
James Foreman, P. Fannan, A. D. .Slicp
hard, E. W. Scott Jr., Wallace Scott, W.
N. Hires, L. Grassland. :
From Aukland— H. Platt-Higgins and
wife, S. Philips, A. W. Hattenstein, W.
Davies, Adam • Lee, • James Mills, A. P.
Dryden. ...
From Samoa — Mrs. D. S. Parker and
two children, Miss C. Metzlcr, Miss B.
Willis. .
From Honolulu D. Whitney, J. A.
Buck, J. Millikin, C. J. Welch, J. ft. Hof
mann, Mrs.'M.L.'Hoover, H. V. Hoover,
wife and child, Mrs. E. E. Alvord, Mrs. A.
StowelL, Dr. .1. C. Fraser and wife, Harvey
Walker, W. B. Fay, wife and two daugh
ters, C. ;P. Colburn and daughter, Mrs-
Tuck, Mrs. 'Holmes, Mrs. Podmore and
two children.  ; •....■
FOR PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
Another Body of Socialists Working In
the Cause of Reform. ■' -,
The Out-door Order of Public Ownership
has issued ia' new circular setting forth
socialistic principles, • the principles of
which are to secure for the people popular,
control of the ' Government and of public
industries, public ownership of all lands
and of all railroads. ; The circular in one
clause sets forth:' -• .■■--
The all-including and incomparably dynamic
idea of society, as it closes this century, is co
operation under general or public ownership, in
which the people replace the capitalists and the
political state is advanced into an industrial
organization. Co-operation we must- have;
but we cannot have it without: public owner
ship. The one sound and abiding foundation
union is theiefore, this principle of public
ownership, glt is : the one potent and pre-'
hensive combining thought. > •
Membership in the order proposed for bind
ing all progressives into a conscious working
organism consists simply in a pledge to pro
mote public ownership in every possible way.
Whenever a member can do so, 'he will explain
the bearings of nationalizing this or that in
dustry, the; railroads, the trust, the land; he
will vote for the same, making it his ever pres
ent political motive; he vill plan how to com-,
pel political bodies, to, adopt it, and how to re
place the present order of barren politicians
by men sworn to the reorganization of 'society
by making industries public property; he will
pledge his neighbors and friends to muster and
combine their energies for this, urgent social
reformation. ; ; '";.~. '' .'--•■• '-'•?"■ --■>-. .- ,;„ r.
■ We have waited too long without action ; we
have staggered in confusion- among, clashing
ideas; we are losing time, strength and cour
age, and the 1 enemy waxes in organization,"
audacity and the might of. precedent; we now
ought to make a halt for a final encounter, to
concentrate and' enter/ upon- an unyielding,
irrepressible, unconquerable campaign, ', (to
bring industrial affairs to the point of crisis
and change. J """ ' ,\ • .
The circular is issued over the signature
of Morrison tL:T Swift, the well-known
Socialist lecturer; end accompanying > it \ is
a card -of I agreement. The T ; mem ; are
required to do all possible to advance the
propositions set forth and spread informa
tion by indoor and: outdoor meetings , lit
erature and conversation.
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES.
Forest Area of the Presidio
Reservation Con
sidered.
LIEUT. SCHOFIELD'S HEARING.
Freaks of an Old Napoleon Gun— The
Commander of the Monad
nock.
Captain Reid, a retired officer of the U.
S. Navy, in ; accordance with custom, is
permitted to use a gun belonging to the
Government to make experiments in ord
nance. The captain as a representative of
a private company is now endeavoring to
give to a projectile fired from a smooth-bore
gun the rotary motion which rifled grooves
impart. This is accomplished some way
by indenting the projectiles.
It appears that Captain Reid's experi
ments are not only, interesting to himself
and the company which he represents, but
they afford also a variety of entertainment
to soldiers and spectators. It has been his
privilege to use a 12-pound Napoleon
which has long occupied an ornamental
position near the* Presidio flagstaff. .On
the first occasion that Captain Reid used
the gun. the projectile which was.calcu
late d, according to the army regulations
and the logic of the ordnunce officers, to
lo.dro in a sand bank, after it had passed
through two wire nettings erected to test
velocity, did ricochet from the soft sand
bank/made a graceful flight over a brush
crowned hill, descend. into the National
Cemetery and knock over a headstone.
Thereupon General .Graham directed
that future experiments should be made
on the water front of the Presidio, and
knowing the gun, cautioned the gunners
against shooting while any. floating craft
in the bay was in the line of fire or any
way near it.
' Everything being arranged the old Na
poleon was taken down to the beach and
the muzzle pointed toward Marin County.
At the first lire the projectile went all
right, but the. Napoleonic exhibition was I
made in the rear. The gun kicked, broke
the troul, dismounted in the sand. Inquiry
disclosed. the fact that the ordinary charge
of two pounds and a ball of powder was
used, but that Captain field's new-fangled
projectile weighed forty pounds, whereas j
the ordinary prejectile weighs only twelve !
pounds. The company which. Captain ',
Reid . represents must repair the damage
before further experiments can be made. j
The board of army officers, which was
recently appointed by General Forsyth to 1
examine the forest area of the Presidio '
reservation,' with a view of ascertaining ;
whether there should be extension, of the
forests, has forwarded a report to Washing
ton. The chairman of the board is Colo
nel S. B. M. Young, Fourth Cavalry. It
is believed that "the recommendation of
the board is to the effect that the forest
area is already i large enough. The Pre
sidio reservation embraces 1300 acres of
land, and much of ; that, space is already
covered with young trees. In some places
the growth is so dense that one can hardy
walk through the woods. Space" must be
kept open : on the V reservation for field
maneuvering of the troops and if the War
Department policy of concentration is
fully developed the force of soldiers at
the Presidio will be largely increased.
The nomination of ; Colonel: J.* J. Cop
pinger to be; brigadier-general, which was
suspended for so long a time in the Sen
ate, was finally confirmed a few days since.
Senators Burrows, Gear, -Perkins,' Teller,
Pot'tigrew, . Squire : and - Wilson made
speeches in opposition to the nomination,
urging principally the delay.of the general
in becoming a citizen of the United States
and; criticising : the - President .- in * passing
over so many, senior 'officers ,in selecting
him. ; The vote of confirmation was . de
cisive, as 44; Senators voted affirmatively
and only 17 in the negative-
Lieutenant r R.'McA;\ Schofield of the
Fourth Cavalry recently appeared "before
the examining board at the 'Presidio for
promotion. The board found in. the course
of the physical examination of the candi
date that'll is hearing was defective. Then
.came the question ; whether the deafness
was sufficient ; to unfit him for duty ; ; also
as to when and how it occurred; ! Lieuten
ant Schofield was j duly examined j and
found qualified ; by a \ board ?of army \ stir-'
geons in 1889."; It appears, however, that
certain V officers who knew Mr. Schofield
before •he" en red \ the : army -j are -of j the
opinion that ■he -was ? then deaf. ] A ques
tion arises here which the board will have
to settle. If Lieutenant field's, dis
ability originated •in the ; line of duty he
would under the law be entitled to be re
tired.with the rank of first lieutenant. If,
however, it is decided j that he was deaf at
the time he was passed by the first board
a complication will arise which may not
only affect the military status of Lieuten- :
ant Schofield, but the officers on his first
board. The question of fact will have to
be determined by the present examining
board. ' .- .'... ~'\ '•'.;■.".:>:'}-■■■
Lieutenant Schofield is the son of the
retired commanding general of the army.
General G.W. C. Lee has sent the saddle
used at Appomattox by his father. Gen
eral Robert E. Lee. as- a present to Mrs. '
Elizabeth Fairfax Ayers, wife of Captain
Charles G. Ayers, Tenth Cavalry. Gen
eral Lee was a warm personal friend and
admirer 6f Mrs Ayers' father, of whom he
once said that "he was the bravest man in
the Confederate army."
Colonel. Charles G. Bartlett, Ninth In
fantry, who, is well known in San Fran
cisco, will retire within the next three
months, although he will not be 64 years
years of age -until September, 1899. , r? -j
Captain Robinson, the new post quar
termaster at the Presidio, is now on duty.
The new steel wharf at the Presidio,
which was constructed by contract ac
cording to plans prepared by Colonel A.
S. Kimball, quartermaster-general of this
department, is very nearly finished. The
structure was fully described in The Call
when the work was ordered. '
Batteries H and L of the Fifth Artillery
have moved into one of the newly com
pleted double-brick barracks at the Pre
sidio. The third double structure will
be ready for the two light batteries early
in April. Additional buildings to be con
structed on the line will be used by the
cavalry.
Another ten-inch rifle arrived from the
East yesterday. It is the second of three
guns to constitute the ten-inch disappear
ing battery. The weight of the gun is
67,200 pounds. The projectile weighs 550
pounds, and the charge of powder 250
pounds. The muzzle velocity attained is
1900 feet per second. "It will" be mounted
on a Crozier-Buffington disappearing
carriage. Some delay in the construc
tion of the battery has occurred, owing to
a defect of the counterpoise in the well.
Naval Constructor Washington Lee
Capps is how on duty at the Union Iron
Works in connection with the construc
tion of the gunboats. For three and a half
years he was on duty in the Bureau of
Construction and Ripair, Washington, D.
C, and in addition performed, duty as a
member of the stability * hoard, of thp
board on armor tests, and of the board for
devising new methods for fitting armor
Diates. The Army and Navy Journal says
his work was always well done and the
highest praise is accorded, to him by hi
superior officers. In a , social way M s
Capps shone in Washington and his dr.
parture was deeply regretted by ma e
triends in the Capitol City. Ny
Captain Sumner, who "commanded | the
United States cruiser Columbia in her re
cent remarkable fast run across the Atlan
tic, arrived here a few days ago. He will
command the Monadnock.
At last accounts the cruiser Philadel
phia and the coast defender' Monterey
were at - San : Diego. An early return of
the. vessels •is expected. In returning
Santa. Cruz and Monterey may be visited.
Orders for the Adams rto sail for Hono
lulu and relieve the -Bennington are ex
pected.
Captain Kane, formerly commander of
the Monterey, has gone East by rail. He
was exceedingly annoyed by the publica
tion in one of tne newspapers of a rumor
that he bad lost his mind. Captain Kane
was sick for several weeks, but the illness
did not affect his mind.
FELL OFF THEIR BIKES.
.'. '.-'''-"
Two Riders Meet With Serious
Accidents Near the
Ingleside.
The Victims Are Dr. J. T. Rowand,
Dentist, and Mrs. Sarah Bowman,
> Dressmaker.
_______
The Ingleside was the scene of two bi
cycle accidents yesterday, one of the in
jured being a lady and the other a mem
ber of the sterner sex.
Dr. J. T. Rowand, dentist, was riding
with a friend, and when opposite the dairy
farm near the House of Correction, his bi
cycle struck against an obstruction in the
road and he fell heavily to the ground.
He struck on his face and right side, and
when his friend jumped off his machine
and ran to him he was unconscious.
Blood was pouring from a wound over the
right eye and another on his nose.
• Help was procured, and the unconscious
dentist was carried into the residence on
the dairy farm and the ambulance was
summoned. Dr. Rinne accompanied the
ambulance and dressed the wounds. He
was under the impression that the skull
might have been fractured. There was a
large lump on .the forehead just over the
right eye. j Dr. Breyfogle; the family phy
sician, was also summoned and he : took
charge of the case. it was thought ad
visable to keep the patient at the dairy i
farm until he recovered from the shoe* to '
his system. •
While the ambulance was \ there Dr.
Rinne was notified that a lady had fallen
from her bicycle a little further east, and
it was driven there. The lady was Mrs.
Sarah Bowman, a dressmaker, living at
324 Brannan street. ' She and a party of
friends started out to ride through the
Ingleside to the ocean beach. Her bicycle
got stuck suddenly in some wet sand and
she was thrown off. She fell on her left
siae, and the shock made her unconscious
for a few moments.
She was taken in the ambulance to the I
Receiving Hospital, where Drs. Weil, Fitz
gibbon and Bunnell attended to her. She
was unable to lift her left leg, and the
doctors were ; afraid that one of the bones
bad been . misplaced. Her left shoulder
and elbow were also badly contused. She
was detained in the hospital until another
examination can be made after the swelling
was reduced. She declared that she would
never ride a bicycle again. r
-V' ' The Old Quincy Mansion.
The Adams family has decided to pre
' sent to the Quincy Historical Society the
house in Quincy, Mass., in which; Presi
dent John Quincy Adams was born, to be
. occupied by it as a museum. "The house,"
j says the Boston Transcript, "is situated at
the corner r of • Independence avenue and
Franklin street, and is in a good state of
preservation; ' With a little alteration it
can be converted into a fine example of a
mansion of the Colonial style. This will
be done, and the ; ; furnishings \ , made to
correspond with those of the dwellings of
the Revolutionary • period. The Quincy
family is, by inheritance, the possessor of
much that is of great . historic value, con
necting that family by the closest of ties
and associations with the history of the
Nation from its inception, to the present
time,* and there is ;a - hope that a part, at
least, of 'this rare • collection, ; important
from a National as well as a local point of
view, may in time find \ a permanent rest
ing-place in what was at r one time the
home of two of the early Presidents of the
United States and the birthplace of one of
them." .: ' " .
Formation of a Queer Society.
The .survivors of. the 169 persons who
left Paris in balloons during the siege have
just formed themselves into a society. ; No
fewer than sixty-six balloons left the be
sieged city,' carrying in their cars not only
these 169 person, but ; 3,000,000 letters and
363 pigeons, which were intended to re
turn to ;* Paris '< with dispatches -.; and two
boxes '; of > dynamite. "-'a Fifty-two ■of these
balloons '. fell in % France, rive -in Belgium,
four in Holland, two.in Prussia and one in
. Norway and \ two \ were lost at ' sea. « Eigh
teen- of : .the balloons \ fell within the'ene
my's lines. t ' Of these five were captured by
the enemy.— London Standard.
I NOT FOR SALE.
A i'anoche Gentleman Has Secured
Something Which He Wants
to Hold.
Is in No Humor to Take as Huch as
lssoo for Something That Is
. at Times Neglected.
TN THE SAN BENITO VALLEY THERE 18
•*- a most picturesque little place which is cel-
ebrated for the excellence of its crops and the
sturdy, character of its native sons. One of
the good lamilies of the place is that of the
Ashursts, the boys being well known for their
straightforwardness and manly bearing. In-
deed, in that region there is no one more re-
spected. Some little while atro, however, one
of them (Robert) began to appreciate that all
was not well with him. He did not pay muca
attention to the growing weakness that he felt,
thinking that it was only a passing ailment.
But here was where he made a serious blunder.
As his disease progressed he began to realise
that he. was indeed ill. He tried all that he
could do to shake off the. attack, using all the
remedies that he knew of for that purpose,
but still it kept getting more and more firmly
implanted In his system. Almost on the verge
of giving up, he wrote to the Hudson Medical'
institute— great institution for the cure
of the sick— he at once got a letter telling
him that he need not despair. And now, aftei
having been under the skill of the specialists
.here for a couple of weeks— just fancy it, only
a fortnight— he has been done so much good
that he frankly says that he would not be .
where he was just those few days ago for five
hundred dollars. Here is a letter that he has
seen tit to write -to the management of the
great institute:
Panoche, Cal., August 13, 1893.
Hudson Medical Institute, San Francisco,
Cal.— Gentlemen : I reply fn pursuance to your
requests. I have been taking your medicines
.or about two weeks and am greatly pleased
with the results. . Am no longer trouoled with
headache, backache or. deep, pains. My eye-
sight is very much better, blood docs not rush
to my head as it used to, and as a consequence
ay intellect is brighter and brain clearer.
Have gaiued six pounds' since commencing
treatment. My bowels do not yet move as reg-
ularly as they should, but I take a tablet every
night, ami that may be all. right- in time. I
realize that it takes time to effect a cure. Hon-
estly, gentlemen, I would not take $500 to re-
lapse into the state I was in before I applied to
you. I remain yours respectfully,
.:;. , Robeut ashurst Ja.
Now, that is. the letter of a highly respected
and intelligent young man, and it shows most
•conclusively how remarkably efficient and
rapid In its work the treatment of the special-
ists of the "greatest of all curative establish-
ments on this continent" is. But Mr. Ashurst
is by no means alone in his high opinion of
what -is being regularly done for suffering hu-
manity there.
Mr. E. W. Fowler of Kamela. Or., writes: "I
am feeling so good now that if I felt any better
I could jump out of my skin." •
S.J. Bailey of Weavervllle, Cal. : "After tw*
months' treatment with you. I feel fully re-
stored to health."
George H. Rice of Fort Canby, Wash., says:
"The treatment of the Hudson Medical Insti-
tute is all that could be expected or desired by
any one."
Hundreds of letters of this sort come to the
management, cheering them on to further ef-
fort to make the statement more than ever
true that "AS LONG AS THERE IS LIFE
THERE IS HOPE IF THE SPECIALISTS OF
THE GRAND OLD HUDSON MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE HAVE NOT YET TREATED YOUR
CASE." ■ ■ ■.■■■';
All the Following Cases Are Curable :
Catarrh of. the head, stomach' or bladder: all
bronchial diseases;, all functional nervous dis-
eases; St. Vitus' nance; hysteria: shaking palsy;
epilepsy; all venereal diseases;' all kinds of blood
troubles; ulcers, wastes of vital forces; rheuma-
tism; gout; eczema; all skin diseases, from what-
ever cause arising; psoriasis; all blood-poisoning:
varicocele: poison oak; lost or impaired manhooa;
spinal trouble; nervous exhausiion and prostra-
tion: -incipient paresis; all kidney diseases; lum-
bago: sciatica; all bladder troubles: dyspepsia;
indigestion; constipation; all visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating department.
Special Instruments for' bladder troubles..
Circulars and Testimonials of the Great Hudyan
sent free. - •
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kill* Sts.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading: Specialist,
! SUCCESS FULLY TREATS ALL CHROXIO
. O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
: ach, liver and bowels: kidney -troubles, disorder*
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of tbe glands! '
, Loss or partial loss df sexual power in either men •
[ or women, emissions. sleeplessness, mental worry,
j bashfulness. falling memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
! an i permanently cured, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Stric-
: ture and that terrible and loath some disease. Syph-
ilis, tnorougiilv and forever cured. : . ... , ,
WRITE yoar troulrtei if living away from the
elty and advice will be given you free of charge.
I: eltv advice will be given you free o? charge.
Address F. L. S'.VK.VNY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office)*
s«n ►'nn-- , •■■H.
•»w«s<k • rip
t^nK^i Lovers
. ' Health without drugs, [ ;,:V >
Exercise without fatigue,
; Recreation without extravagance,
-We beg to recommend the WAVERLEY
BiCYCLES. ••■-.', .., .-;
1 ■ \ , MEN'S, $85.
LADIES', $75 and $85. .
I CATALOGUE IS INTERESTING.
. -* UNO ADDRESS.
iHDiflNfl BICVCIiE CO.
j J. 8. CON WELL. Manager. J
18 and 20 ricAlllster St.. S. P.'
A remedy used, exclusively by & physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
tertiary • cases of blood disease. No case In-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks.;- Con-
sultation and full information free. " • '..
MOFFAT CHEMICAL -CO.;
Room 1, 632 Market St.. San Francisco.
RAOWAY'S
PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com.
plete digestion and absorption of the food, cause
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowel*
natural In their operac oh without griping
56
Sfce * tftii
_i_
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. !
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Tally and Susday < am. .one week, by carrier.. $0.1
Dally and Sunday ( 'am., one year, by mall 6.00
Icily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00 .
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one' month, by mail.. .65 .
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall..' 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone : Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES :
SSO Montgomery street, corner Clay;, open until
9:30 o'clock. aßfflfl
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock. ■ •
comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 >"inth street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32. 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. KOI 1 '/., Special Agent. '
MONDAY FEBRUARY 17. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS. FOR ALL.
Bayard still talks occasionally, but he
takes care now that his talk isn't over
loaded.
No doubt the inactivity of Congress is
masterly, but it isn't a good servant and
won't work.
Uncle Sam doesn't need a new financial
system half as badly as he needs a new set
of financiers.
Nearly everything has revived this win
ter except the wild clamor of last winter
against the theater hat.
The cathode ray comes just in time to
enable the girls to see the brains of the
dudes before they leap.
The next thing we know we shall have
to prohibit the cathode ray from running
at large without a fender.
' The only way for old St. Valentine to
revive his trade is to get up some kind of
a frolic and call it a carnival.
The administration is so proud of its
latest loan that there is danger it will give
an encore without waiting for a call.
We are not hearing so much about
tourists as we did a few years ago, but we
are seeing a great many more settlers.
Once more we predict that the Senate
will really attend to business this week
aud once more we are not betting on it.
By those whose vocabulary is up to date
the thing which Professor Roentgen has
precipitated upon us is called a "roent
genograph." :'V.'
If there is any sleeping Democrat who
wishes the Presidential nomination this
year, it is time for him to kick the cover
off and get up.
The goldbug organs in the East seem
divided between a desire to use Tillman's
speech as a campaign document and a fear
that they may get hold of the pitchfork
end of it. •
Illinois allows a woman to hs a lawyer
but not to be a judge, and now the women
lawyers of the Scate are trying to convince
the people that a law of that kind is not
worth practicing. lJlJSfS
If we win the fight against the funding
bill we will know that we can win other
lights at Washington for the Pacific Coast,
by pursuing the same tactics of working
together and sticking ts the job. ' "'.*
Mayor Pingree of Detroit wishes a law
depriving every man of a vote on election
day who has not voted at his party pri
maries, and perhaps" this may be the next
fad to be taken up by election reformers.
The British have not only conceded our
right to interfere in Venezuela but have
expressed a cordial wish that we would
help them interfere in Armenia. And
some of them really seem to be unaware
that they are overdoing the thing.
A feature of the Queen's speech not to
be overlooked •is the announcement that
the condition of agriculture in England is
disastrous beyond recent experience. It
is evident from this that free trade and the
gold standard may be fun for some people
but they are death to farmers. ,'*.; : ' r
The lightning calculator of the St. Louis
Globe -Democrat has figured out that if all
the gold offered to the Government in the
recent bond issue were beaten out into
gold foil it would gild a roadway fifty-six
feet wide all around the world. Just think
of that for a boulevard. • . '■
It is asserted that Senator Blackburn
carries three rabbit's feet given him by
three beautiful young women,- who as
sured him the rabbit was killed in a coun
try graveyard, over the grave of a mur
derer, in the dark of the moon, by a cross
eyed, red-headed, left-handed negro. "
A Chicago genius has invented a reform
pipe through which a man can smoke
without drawing tbe smoke into bis
mouth, but of course any one willing to
accept such a radical reform as that would
be just as willing to swear off and reform
himself instead of bothering with the pipe.
The movement toward the substitution
of cremation for burial is reported to be
making a steady progress in England, and
in addition to the present "crematoria,"
as they call them there, arrangements are
now being made for the erection of five
others in English cities and one in Edin
burgh. . •
It is about time for boards of trade,
chambers of commerce and industrial or
ganizations of all kinds to give the Senate
notice that some measure of tariff reform
8 needed at this session and that in the
judgment of the people nothing can jus
tify a neglect to provide it ■ promptly and
effectively.
The Democratic Senator who after talk
ing so loudly about a. tariff for revenue
only now votes against the 'emergency
bill, designed expressly to raise a revenue,
cannot expect to save himself by de
nouncing Cleveland. In the judgmentof
the people the free-trader is as bad as the
cuckoo and equally injurious. .
It has been discovered in Chicago that
there' isn't a saloon within a mile of the
building selected for the Democratic Na
tional Convention, of course/ as the
city has guaranteed hospitality, it is in a
quandary from which; there seems, no es
cape, unless they move the building up to
the saloon district or attach a distillery to
the water mains that supply the edifice.
A WRONG IMPRESSION.
j The Argonaut, ordinarily so shrewd and
1 careful, has evidently fallen into a mis
conception of The Call's position on the
! railroad | funding proposition. It says:
j " The Call says that the Vanderbilt and
I Gould interests intend to buy the Pacific
' railways at foreclosure sale; that the Van
| derbilt "and Gould set will oppose refund-
I ing; that if the transcontinental railroads
pass into their hands it would insure
genuine competition with the .Southern
Pacific; that therefore The Call— we
understand it— is opposed to Government
ownership, in order, to bring about this
sale to the Gould and Vanderbilt interests."
The Call had tried so earnestly to make
its position unmistakable that it confesses
to surprise over this misconception. It
trusts that the following statement cannot
be misunderstood :
The Call has never discussed the ques
tion of Government ownership on its
' merits, nor the question of. Government
operation, because neither of those ques
tions has yet properly arisen. It has
deemed such discussions irrelevant, or at
most merely incidental, to the question of
collecting the Government debt owing by
the aided roads, its belief being that such
collection would inevitably break the
Southern Pacific's monopoly by one means
or another. Several contingencies will
ensue upon the foreclosure of the Govern
ment's mortgage, among them possibly
Government ownership and remotely Gov
ernment operation— two quite distinct
propositions. It believes that to spring, at
this time, the question of Government
ownership, much less that of Government
operation, would be ill-advised, as likely
to rouse in the East, which is ruled by a
spirit more conservative than ours, an an
tagonism which will defeat foreclosure,
pass the funding bill and fasten the pres
ent monopoly irrevocably upon our prog
ress.
In Congressman. Maguire's published
information that the Gould and Vander
bilt interests would likely be glad to buy
the Union and Central Pacific roads at
foreclosure sale The Call saw a probable
purchaser who not only would secure the
interests of the Government with regard
to its lien, but who would be clearly and
necessarily a genuine competitor of the
Southern Pacific. Besides accomplishing j
both those desired ends such a purchase at
foreclosure sale, would hold the questions
of Government ownership and operation
in abeyance, thus withdrawing a challenge
to Eastern conservatism and making
possible the defeat of a funding-scheme.
Hence it is evident that the Argonaut errs
in assuming that The Call "is opposed to
Government ownership in order to bring
about this sale to the Gould and Vander
bilt interests." The Call, on its own ac
count, knows nothing about the desires or
intentions of the Gould and Vanderbilt in- j
terests. It is merely, taking Congressman ;
Maguire's word for that, and it considers j
the Gould and Vanderbilt interests merely j
as the only solution of all the difficulties
that has been presented. The Gould and ;
Vanderbilt interests 'are no more to The
Call than any other Interests that might
fit the situation as well. If this statement
of The Call's position is not perfectly
clear it will cheerfully use every endeavor
to make it so. Tne Argonaut's evident ]
admiration of The Call makes it a pleas
ure to state the matter thus fully, in order
that its position may not be misunder-. !
stood, at least by its friends.
A SERIOUS PROBLEM.
The San Francisco .Bulletin has recently |
published a series of instructive articles
concerning the terrible fate of some Amer
ican and English seamen and seal-fishers
caught poaching on Robben Island, a Rus
sian possession, and sentenced to serve
the full penalty of the Russian law, seven
teen years in a . Siberian prison. Our con
temporary asserts that the news of the
matter was brought hither by the British
schooner pan, that the high State au
thorities of California declined to appeal to
the National Government for an investiga
tion, and that in the absence of that assist
ance a petition for an inquiry has been
forwarded to Washington by several sea
captains of this port, and the friends and
relatives of Edward Howe, a native Cali
fornian, who is named as one of the vic
tims of Russia's terrible discipline. .
Assuming these facts to be- true, and .
basing that assumption on the Bulletin's.
reputation for care, we are confronted
with a case of uncommon gravity. Ap
parently Russia has acted strictly within
its laws. It found men unlawfully taking
seals within its waters, and without con
cerning itself with international questions
or the policy pursued by the United States
and England in similar cases, it applied
its law and imposed upon the offenders
the fullest penalty. This punishment is
infinitely severer than that which the
United States and England would impose.
It is equivalent to death. :-*::'
It is well for cases like this to arise, for
they serve to measure degrees of civiliza
tion and to modify the savagery of nations
which have only begun to lift their heads
above the horizon of barbarity. The
United States and England cannot afford
to permit any country under, the sun to
inflict upon the people who claim their
protection a severer penalty for the infrac
tion of ordinary rights than they them
selves impose. To do otherwise would be
to encourage barbarism and reduce the
potency of a civilized protection. ; ! >:
The case will appear clearer upon taking
into account the fact that three nations
the United States, England and Russia
have interests in the seal fisheries, and
that England and the United States each
turn over to the other by agreement, under
theguaid of just laws in common and a
mutual system of surveillance, their re
spective subjects or citizens who have vio
lated the law. Under that system poach
ing is treated fairly as an act of common
theft, and the offender is punished in ac
cordance with his deserts. But neither of
these countries 'imposes a sentence of any
thing like imprisonment in a Siberian
prison for seventeen years, in comparison
with which hanging would be merciful;
If the combined power of the United
States and England is not sufficient to
bring Russia, by peaceful means, under
the operation of civilized laws in the mat
ter of common theft, where the lives and
liberty of I Americans and Englishmen are
imperiled, it would be better to abandon
Bering Sea to the great White Czar and
permit him to cut the throat of every fish
erman or navigator who • comes i within
sight of ; the Aleutian Islands. The peti
tion which has been * forwarded to Wash
ington from California may be humble, but
it cries aloud .: for common ' justice and the
progress of the world. . T •"''•'. ;
' A SECTIONAL SPIRIT.
An analysis of the vote • by j which 'the
electors of Berkeley defeated the proposi
tion to issue bonds for a wharf and school
houses develops a curious condition of af
fairs— that, operating in a wider scope
in California, has done so much to retard
the progress of the . State. ' I The i people in
the vicinity of the proposed- wharf toted
generously for '. the 4 wharf \ bonds and took
little interest in the sch.oolhouses, as they
were needed in a : different part of town.
Conversely, the people in the districts
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
needing ■ the schoolhouses voted "for I the
school * bonds and ; neglected ■',' the wharf.
As a result the total vote was very light
and the necessary two-thirds were not se
cured. That is, Berkeley cannot enjoy the
increase in business, population and prop
erty values which the construction of a
wharf would _ have secured, and - the
authorities are unable to accommodate all
the children who want to attend the pub
lic schools. The parents of these must
move away in order to find schools. : ; • ;
It seems not to have occurred to the
great body of the people that the entire
community would have received a benefit
from either of tne two proposed improve
ments. Identical in character with this
attitude is that strong : sectional spirit
which has existed in different major parts
of California. ;It is true that this is break
ing down and that a broader wisdom . and
a genuine State pride are steadily growing,
due largely to the efforts of the State Im
provement Committee; but now and then
it has a sporadic outbreak, principally in
newspapers, and it takes the old deplor
able form of making disparaging compari
sons between different parts of the State.
Until this is wholly abandoned we cannot
hope for all" the good things to which our
wealth of natural resources entitles us.
The whole truth is this: No two of the
larger sections of the State are alike, but
all that are habitable are good in their sev
eral ways. One has excellences and draw
backs - which are foreign to another. ' No
comparison of any two in any one particu
lar is fair, but on the contrary is damag
ing, for the reason that it excludes the
vital broad issues involved. A section
that. might seem superior to one person
might not to another. An industry that
might flourish better in one section than
another would not concern a person who
desires to engage in some other industry.
It is this wonderful variety of California
that constitutes its greatest charm and
value. It is a "house of many mansions,"
in which every pursuit can be followed and
every member of civilized humanity find a
congenial home and occupation. Until
we ourselves show by an abolition of the
sectional spirit that we appreciate the
marvelous breadth and variety of our re
sources it is folly to expect tnat we shall
be able to convince strangers of the fact. .
Sectional pride is another matter. It is
right that a resident of one part of the
State should proclaim the attractions
which have contributed to his health,
wealth and happiness; but if in doing so
he decries other sections he is proclaimine
himself an enemy of the State and a
worker of barm to bis immediate neigh
bors. S\j
The Berkeley incident betrays another
unfortunate condition lack of a unified
and earnest spirit of progress. That is the
case in other places as well, and it dis
closes a lack of homogeneity. This is an
obstacle to be studied and overcome.
COAST EXCHANGES.
Santa Clara County is having an ex
traordinary boom in railroad-building.
Mention has been made in these columns
i of the steam road which is to connect San
I Jose with the Bay of San Francisco and of
1 the electric road between San Jose and
Saratoga. The San Jose News now comes
! out with the information that John Center,
'■■ a San Francisco capitalist, backer of R. H.
: Quincy, who owned a controlling interest
: in the road connecting San Jose and Alum
j Rock, has been compelled to take the
property and is determined to put it on a
first-class footing. The road has barely
J paid interest, but if properly developed
| ought to be made a valuable enterprise.
Our contemporary, quoting a well-in
: formed citizen, say 3 this of Mr. Center's
! intentions: "I understand he will. build it
i up— put on new rolling-stock, equip it
' completely, furnish electricity as a motive
! power, if necessary, and operate it by the
overhead system." The News adds that as
'< Mr. Center is not a railroad man he will
j put the property on the market as soon as
j he has completely equipped and estab
i lished it. This is an important line, as it
: connects San Jose with its beautiful park ,
and hot springs in the; mountains seven
! miles to the eastward, and passes through
a charming section of the valley. '■!* '"•;.
While all- these things are going forward
the Newman (Stanislaus County) Tribune
is urging that the residents of that county
extend the Mount Hamilton wagon road
I over the mountains into the San Joaquin
j Valley. This is an old project, but it has
| been almost forgotten for years. "Santa
Clara County," says the Tribune, "has
already built to the county line, and on
our side the road runs several miles up the
; Orestimba creek, leaving a gap of only
! about twenty miles to build. Little trouble
would be experienced in the matter of
right-of-way, for when the matter was
talked of a couple of years ago some of the
I settlers offered to not only give the right,
| of- way, but would build the road through
i their own land, so anxious were they to
| get communication with the towns."" As
1 stated by the Tribune, the two great points
j of interest in the State are the Yosemite
j Valley and , the Lick Observatory, and as
I the Santa Clara end of the road now runs
I by the Lick Observatory, but a short time
j would elapse before stages would be run
ning from San Jose to the Yosemite Valley
j via the observatory. The Mount Hamil
! ton road, twenty-six miles ■ long, was built
! by Santa Clara County at a cost of $83,000.
j It is admittedly the finest mountain road
jin this part of California. Its extension
j over the range into the San Joaquin would
make it one of the grandest and most use
j ful scenic roads in the country. -
The petroleum industry of the State is
staggering ahead op untried legs. The
price at the Los Angeles wells has. been
advanced to 50 cents a barrel, and the Los
Angeles Journal makes this important an
nouncement: • "It is . believed that the
Standard Oil Company will be in the field
within a few days as a purchaser of the en
tire surplus at as good figures as 50 cents
per barrel in well tanks. That company
is expending between $25,000 and $30,000
for tanks and other equipments."
It adds: "Putting fragments of infor
mation into intelligible form, it seems not
improbable that oil may advance to 60 or
70 cents per: barrel within a few weeks.
The Standard Oil Company ' bases prices
upon units of heat, and it is well known
that oil of far superior gravity is obtained
from the lower sands, but it takes money
to drill down ano/the business is rapidly
getting into '• the hands of conservative
business . . men. During the last $ three
months eighty-six wells have fallen -off
one-third ,in product; there is an abun
dance of oil in the lower strata, but prices
must - materially advance before more
money will be expended in development."
.The Whittier oil industry is advancing
satisfactorily. Of :it . the Journal: says:
"The new refinery at Chinois only twelve
or fifteen miles distant; and the Whittier
product being ; of /very lieht ' gravity < the
refinery will ' make 'an important market
for all the petroleum that can be produced.
It is reDorted that sevnral drilling rigs
may be taken from the * Los Angeles field
for development work '■ in that promising
territory. The highest gravity reached is
above 30 per cent ; ' the Los Angeles ■ field
runs from 12 "to 18 per cent in first sand.
There is a strong market for • lubricating
oils, and the product of the Southern Cali
fornia fields is sard to be a very superior
article." '• ."':";• ''.".' '..". '■ "■ "■■''.'■'
On the subject of petroleum for fuel the-
Stockton Record furnishes the following
interesting particulars: "The question of
burning petroleum on the river boats has
been referred to the Government authori
ties. Some time ago the United States offi
cials compelled the Southern Pacific to
stop burning crude oil both on their ferry
boats between San Francisco and Oakland
and also on the big Solano plying between
Port Costa and Benicia. V No accidents had
occurred and the railroad company be
lieved their apparatus was perfectly safe,
but the Government would not issue them
a license to carry passengers on the boats
so long as crude oil was burned, the under
stood objection being the storing of the in
flammable fluid on board the boats and
consequently danger of explosions. Engi
neers deny that with the modern appli
ances any danger is attached to the carry
ing or burning of crude oil on passenger
boats, ' and it is believed that the law is
now such as will allow the river boats to
use it. If such is the case, and the test at
the Union mills prove successful, it is
likely the boats will be transformed into
oil burners at once." ''-•'-'■- '■-...
The new paper at Santa Clara, the News,
published by McKenney & Sou, is receiv
ing deserved appreciation. : -;
The Pinole Time's has resumed publica
tion with promising indications of success.
The News is a diminutive but spicy paper
started at Benicia by Messrs. Rulofson,
Opperman & Wade.
The San Jose Mercury announces the dis
covery, or, rather, steps to develop, coal
ledge at the headwaters of Stevens Creek,
in Santa Clara County, by S. Weilheimer
of \ Mountain View. Our contemporary
says: "The prospects are good, and Mr.
Weilheimer is . of the opinion that a good
vein will soon be developed, and conse
quently has men employed doing the
necessary work preparatory to substantial
prospecting and development. The vein
is . located where access is easy, where
water in plentiful and natural facilities
good. The indications are that a bounti
ful supply of coal will be found, which
will prove a valuable accession to the re
sources of Santa Clara County.!' It is
proper to add that the Santa Cruz Moun
tains, abound in lignite and that the geo
graphical character of the range does not
encourage the hope that true coal will be
encountered. However, as California is a
State of surprises and wonders, and as Mr.
Weilheimer is an intelligent and success
ful man, the presumption is that he knows
what h,e is about. If the- ledge .should'
prove to be all that is expected it will cer
tainly be of incalculable value to the Santa
Clara Valley. . '.'■•"
J. T. Brittan and J. L. Kennon have
started a new paper at Willows, Colusa
County, naming it the Transcript. It is
brainy and energetic, and doubtless will
be a valuable factor in the development of
that surpassingly fertile agricultural
section. . •': - • _V-
Tbe Redding Free Press makes this an
nouncement: "A newspaper will soon be
established at Keswick. Dr. Kenneth
Milliken, late of London, will be editor
and W. G. Harvey-Wray, formerly ■ of
Australia, will be his assistant. Both
gentlemen possess considerable literary
ability." • ..- _"'.' - ■-
The Solano Republican enters its fort}'
first volume with all the hone and spirit
that characterized its youthful efforts. V;
The San Bernardino Saturday Review
says" that the Columbia Colonization Com
pany of Chicago. has come into charge of
the old scheme for impounding the waters
of the Mojave River at a point where they
pour through the narrows near the town of
Victor, and that this means the bringing
under cultivation of a large tract of the
Mo jave. plateau. The new company suc
ceeds also to the interests of the Hesperia
Land and Water Company. Construction
of the retaining dam will commenced
at once. The land is to be sold at $25 an
acre, including water. Our contemporary
adds: "It is the intention of the company
to foster stock-raising, believing that this
will prove one of the most profitable in
vestments with perfectly sure and steady
returns owing to the enormous quantity
of water at their command. The reservoir
will hold when full 186,000,000,000 gallons
of water, or twenty-six times the present
capacity of the famous Bear Valley reser
voir." '• 
Shorb has an interesting new journal
istic venture called the. Ramona Echoes,
conducted as follows: Editor, Eileen
Mitchell; manager, Frankle Kellner; as
sistant manager, Laura Doah; reporters,
Rachael Fisher, . Eda • Newlands, Ethel
Fitch ; publisher, Stella Boas.
The Stockton Mail, in entering upon its
thirty-third volume, gives this explana
tion of its remarkable success: "In all
that it has undertaken it has been guided
by consideration for the welfare of the
people, and the indorsement and support
that it has received in return has amply
repaid it for its toils and sacrifices."
R. C. Gillis has bought the interest of
E. B. Wood worth .in the 'Santa Monica
Outlook, and promises to continue the good
work which the paper has been doing in
the past. ■■■■';■';
In speaking of the newly constituted
Gold Mining Exchange in. this City the
San Jose Herald says: "There is no doubt
that California is entering upon a new era
of mining development, j This has been
stimulated here and elsewhere by changes
in the monetary systems of the leading
commercial nations. Decreased produc
tion of silver, has turned thousands of
silver miners to : gold prospecting , and
development. Improvements in the min
ing and milling of gold-bearing ores offer
the promise of profit in ; the case of many
properties long known but heretofore con
sidered not worth working. Further dis
coveries are inevitable with awakened in
terest'in gold- prospecting. The auriferous
wealth of California has ; only been
scratched in the 'opinion of ] many scien
tists arid practical miners." - *
The people of Kings County have dis
covered that because the county is new it
is unknown under its present name and is
therefore suffering under a certain disad
vantage. Yet it is a singularly fertile and
attractive county, and within the last few
years large numbers of ; thrifty English
families have settled therein and produced
a gratifying development. /; The Hanford
Democrat has this to say : "Hanford wants
a beet sugar factory she wants the Valley,
railroad, and settlers to occupy lands
south of this city. None of these things
can be had by sitting down ' with folded
bands. What is wanted is an active asso
ciation of business men to push such en
terprises and objects. While our city has
a good name abroad, it is j a singular f fact
that when Kings County is mentioued the
listener will almost invariably ?. ask where
the county is located. Our people want to
do some --. advertising, and when i' Kings
County becomes •as familiar .* a v word as
Hanford there * will be :a ; rush Xof people
here to locate." ' • » « • •"
The California' lndependent, styling itself
"an interdenominational Christian • news
paper," has been started at Los Angeles.
It is an attractive and able 112-page weekly.
The Rev. P.' H. Bodkin is editor.
The Phoenix (Ariz.) Herald makes this
important announcement: ; "It is not gen
erally known, even here rin this county,
that a huge electric plant is soon to go into
operation at the falls on the Consolidated
canal. The most approved and modern
machinery procurable has been installed
in the most substantial manner', and the
entire plant is now complete and in work
ing order, ready to turn out 500 horse elec
trical power that can be transmitted any
where throughout the valley by wire.
Such is the fact, however, and ,. it means a
whole lot to the development of the valley.
It makes it ; possible, and indeed quite
probable, that our street railroads and our
valley local road may be operated by elec
tricity." - -
The following evidence of the value of
establishing local branches of building
and loan associations is furnished by the
Fullerton Tribune: "We have received in
formation from a reliable source that with
in the next few weeks there will be erected
in Fullerton at least eight neat residences
and probably more. This fact is due largely
to the establishment of a branch of the
Pacific Loan and Building Association in
this place. A number of our citizens have
become identified with the association,
which is the largest of its kind in the
State.". . ■'■; ' W-&&&-
The Healdsburg Enterprise says that the
Magnolia cannery has changed hands, and
of the new proprietors remarks: "Fon
tana <fc Co., who will ' operate the cannery
in the future, are the most extensive hand
lers of canned goods in California. Their
resources are practically unlimited, and so
we may expect to find the new firm operat
ing extensively if conditions be favorable.
The cannery will be refitted throughout
and put in excellent shape.
. "With two fruit-packing houses in opera
tion this season, Healdsburg will take on
its old-time activity and business will
hum." ;"?'•'-" :? v : ~;'N '
PERSONAL.
Dr. A. E. Osborne and wife of Eldridgeare at
the Grand. ■ fj.*?
--■ W. W. Middlecoff, a lawyer of Visalia, Is at
the Grand. .
Dr. C. L. Ruggles of Stockton Is stopping at
the Grand. *';..', • y. - '.
D. Laughlin, a wealthy rancher of Maine
Prairie, is at the Russ.
W. H. Richmond and wife of Auburn, Cal.
are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
I Charles E. Coon, a wealthy real estate broker
of Seattle, is registered at the Cosmopolitan. v
William Stoos and. A. Drendel,' two well
known stock-raisers of Naperville, 111., are
stopping at the Cosmopolitan. ■'■.'.};
Marcus Mackenzie, the well-known mining
man of Rufus, Or., Is a guest at the Cosmopoli
tan, accompanied by his wife.
Messrs. Foreman. and Fannon, "comedians,
late of the Empire Theater, London, and the
Tivoll of Sydney, arrived In the City yesterday.
Adam Lee of Oldham, England, is at the Oc
cidental. In a recent race for Parliament Mr.
Lee received the highest vote of any of the Lib
eral candidates. [/::■■-.(. • c -■;; ,:..
| ' W. N. Hires, he of the root Deer, is at the Oc
cidental. He has been doing the English colo
nies in the Pacific and is returning to his home
in Philadelphia. : ' S:' ". S' . :";
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Scott of New York, with
their • three sons, arrived from Australia yes
terday and are stopping at the Occidental.
They are on their way home, after an absence
of four years. Mr. Scott Is vice-president of the J
Equitable Insurance Company of New York.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON; D. C, Feb. 16.— G. E. Pan
coast, San Francisco, Riggs House; L. P. Snell,
Los Angeles, Shoreham. .■-
A HORSE WITH A MUSTACHE.
f ; There is a horse with & mustache in town,
says the New York Journal. This oddity's
name is "Duke" and he is the star boarder at
the livery stable of L. F. Lockridge, an under
taker of 310 East Twenty-sixth street.
"Duke's" mustache is a bona-fide affair of
the most approved Human type. It Is long and
curly, like Mayor Patrick Gleason's of Long
Island City, and anybody would be proud of It.
"Duke" is heavy, thick-set, black, 15 hands
high, and his ancestors came' from Normandy.
Nobody seems to know where "Dune" came
• - . ■ • ■ -: . "-■■
"Duke" and His Mustache.
from, except that he was bought in a horse
market in i West Twenty-fifth street and that
his pedigree .Is problematical. According to
experts who have carefully examined his teeth
he is 8 years old and remarkably well devel
oped for his age.
"Duke's" chief business is to take part in
funerals. Occasionally he attends a wedding.
At funerals (the mustache has been known to
occasion much embarrassment to the mourn- '
ers. Recently a widow was shocked at the hi- '
larity ot a group which she thought was di
rected at herself, instead of at the animal
which was helping to draw her carriage. That
evening Duke had his upper lip shaved, but
the mustache would not down. It burst forth
the next morning and began to mature quicker
and more profusely ■ than any - human mus
tache. It grew until Jim McMahon, stable
man and driver for Undertaker Lockridge, re
ceived orders to use the- shears.
To .his other accomplishments McMahon
now adds that of equine barber. Every
morning he combs and cuts "Duke's" glossy
black mane, but his real genius he reserves for
"Duke's" mustache, which he trims regularly
and often, giving each end a jaunty upward
turn for weddings and a melancholy downward
droop for . funerals. As a matter ; of fact,
"Duke" is made to wear his mustache in . vari
ous styles. The other day when he appeared
with it waxed at the ends, a la Colonel War
ing, he created quite a furor on the East Side,
street-cleaners standing to attention and giv
ing the military salute. '.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
■ - Criticns— l don't believe there's much differ
ence between genius and insanity. ..'. .
1 •■; Struggling Author— Oh, ; yes, there is ; the
lunatic is at ' least sure of ." his board and
clothes.— Tit-Bits.
. "Why does) the baggageman handle these
new trunks so carefully?" /
' "He doesn't want them to have an old, trav
eled look, because the people who own . ihem
are just married and new trunks are *. dead
giveaway."— Detroit Free Press. -
"He stood at the top of the steps," she said
in telling about it afterward, "and J I mustered
up enough courage to say: "You know this is
leap year." >L - '"'.. .
' "Yes. : , What then?" ,-
;; "Then he leaped . and ■l - haven't seen him
since."— Chicago Post, / '- ..//.'■.
./"It seems to me that you are writing a good
many mother-in-law jokes," remarked the crit
ical friend. />./  ".: \ "■ ..
"Yes," replied Merriman; "if the market for'
them holds out I'll be able to pay back some of
the money my wife's mother was kind enough'
to lend its when we went to housekeeping.*'—
Washington Star. ' . .. ~- •.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Lord Talbot Clifton, the wealthy patron of
White Hat McCarty, believes in caricature.
He considers it the highest form of portraiture
and' occasionally takes a hand In it himself.
• One afternoon while talking with some gen
tlemen at the Palace Hotel his eyes fell upon
three of his countrymen who had j just arrived
from the other side.
• "By jove," he exclaimed; "give me a pencil
and paper somebody, while I caricature those
fellows." . '"•;:' •
The material called ' for was supplied him
and he straightway went to work defining
and exaggerating the features of the new ar-
«"'". LORD TALBOT CLIFTON WAITING for a CAB.
[From a caricature made before his lordship suffered the loss of his beard.]
rivals.' When the sketches were finished they
Were most remarkable pieces" of drawing in
asmuch as every feature was retained notwith
standing the fact that the faces were twisted
in all sorts of shapes. . < ;://j/~.//J;..' -':, ///;/:/
They were passed around and finally fell into
the possession of some one who thought they
were good enough to keep. Since that time he
has refused to enter into the sport again and
is quite contented to joke over the caricatures
drawn of himself. When -they are good he
laughs heartily over them, but a touch of bad
drawing is to him like a red rag-to a mad bulL
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Wheat Is Likely to Rise.
■:■.*' Lompoe Journal. '"'.r.-'
If you would make a correct diagnosis of the
European war fever all you have to do is to
watch the American wheat market.
Aspiring Politicians.
Ontario Record. . .
Pomona had 100 candidates for the position
of -letter-carrier a few days "ago, and now it is
rumored that half, of the ninety-seven dis
appointed aspirants for honor along this line
aspire for a seat in the Assembly. •
Th« Monroe Doctrine.
Los Ange'es Express.
• Professor Adler defines matrimony as a
"treaty of perpetual peace between husband
and wife." When the mother-in-law comes
and violates the Monroe doctrine then Pro
fessor Adler's idea goes by the board.
Let No Guilty Man Escape.
Stockton Independent.
Even those who do not approve the resolu
tions of the last Legislature -on the refunding
bill are indignant at the way the document
was "burked." When a clerk usurps the veto
power by suppressing the record he should be
severely punished. Governor Budd should in
stitute an investigation' of the suppression of
those resolutions and endeavor to ■ have the
guilty person punished. - -
LITTLE GIRL'S DRESS.
A simple little gown with ' a baby waist but
toned in the back is shown here. The sim
plicity of the design in combination with its
picturesqueness ' recommends it. The : collar
may be made detachable, which is a feature
always appreciated, as two collars may be used,
making variety, and if one \is washable the
usefulness of the gown is doubled.
A brown and white wool dress had one collar
of brown satin, witli a band of heavy creamy
lace laid an inch from the ■ edge. The other
collar was of ', sheer, white lawn, trimmed with
Valenciennes lace. '•',;• . .-.; -..:-■■• --.vv :•'•. '---'••
. A brown and light blue mixture in wool had
a collar of plain brown cioth trimmed With
three rows of narrow gilt braid. < A second col
lar was of blue China silk, edged with a nar
row knife-pleating of the same. . ; ■
A plain myrtle-green cashmere, .with one
collar of plaid silk and another of white lawn,
is very effective. •. , „.„ „*. h
Wash dresses of. gingham are show, k with
collars of the same, trimmed with embroidery.
Blue cambric, with collar of white ££»*[£
a pretty combination. and white piquet, witn
collar of blue or pink cambric, is always dainty.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Bismarck is largely interested in the manu
facture of paper.
President Felix Faure always breaks up.his
dinner parties promptly at 10 o'clock, in order
to retire early,- and for . the same ' reason de
clines all invitations to dine out.
Professor Virchow has been nominated Com
mander of the Legion Honor by the French
Government. -vrv; ; '*^ ;'-'■". ?""■/' '•'- ''•'-"&.
Among the 1000 persons making up the pop
ulation of Alfred, Me., are twenty-four be
tween the ages of SO and 90 years.
:. •'-- --.-KiP :
George W. Vanderbilt is establishing on his
estate at Biltmore, in North Carolina, a scien
tific collection of dried plants in connection
with an arboretum and scientifically managed
forest. J- ; v .\///./:v •-."'?..'/ I'rTv.',,
Dr. William Awdry, Bishop-Suffragan of
Southampton, England, has accepted an ap
pointment as Anglican Bishop of Japan, the
Society for the Prbpogatlon of the Gospel in
Foreign Parts having offered to provide the
support. ...
The Rev. Sir John Warren Hayes, Bart., who
recently died at the age of ninety-seven at
Newlands, England, was the oldest clergyman
of the Church of England. He was the
senior Freemason of England for several years.
The baronetcy becomes extinct by his death.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend'g.*
. ♦ — »
PrEciAL information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
• * m
Johannia
As*a table water it is unsurpassed.—
Hospital Gazette. *
• 1 • ■• * — '—
Notoriety is no proof of merit. A 'thousand
dollars' worth of roses will only perfume a few
yards, while a dollar's worth of cooked onions
will scent up a whole town.— Traveler's Record.
Catarrh Is a constitutional disease. It requires a
constitutional remedy which will build np the sys
tem and make pure blood. Experience proves that
such, a remedy Is found In Hood's Sarsapartlla.
» • m
Coroxado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip .tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAY.
The cheapest easy-chair,
the easiest cheap chair and
the best looking eas}' and
cheap chair we ever sold.
You can lean way back or
sit up straight— adjustable.
Deep spring seat, a wealth
of padding and tufting
that's what makes it feel so
good, and rest you so.
$*18 covered In figured denim— any color.
$25 covered In tapestry— can pick it out.
-. Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
/CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY /
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street. 'MONDAY...",.. ;> ; FEBRUARY 17, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
no?" " " Theater. — Grand Opera— <• Hugue-
nots. ' . •=■. . , * °
California Thf.atf.k-" of Venice."
Columbia Theater— "Tha Old Limekiln."
Morosco's Opera-house— "Wife for Wife-"
1 rtou Ofera-House.— "Del Freischutz.'' ;-.'i '-•'.'
"ri-heim. -High-Class Vaudeville.
«FOVF.R*B ALCAZAR.— "Faust,"
Metropolitan Temple— Benefit Concert of the
Saturday Morning Orchestra, to-night.
Grove-«trket TnKATER-Between Polk and
xan Ness— I" & I. Benefit for Veteran Guard,
G. a, It., 10-nisht.
«„ S L H .S OT the CntiTES-Dally at Halght street,
one block east of th*> Park. •
Pacific Coast Jockey ('LfB.- Races.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The spur track in Golden Gate Park has been
taken up.
The cars running to the beach were crowded
all day yesterday.
?£? yor S " tr was the purchaser of the elec
tric tower in the. park.
-£ he £? ttle ? lP Oregon is practically finished
and will go in Hunter's Drydock to-day. .
The Sons of the American Revolution will
bold their annual meeting on Saturday.
Rev. Dr. Dille delivered a lecture yesterday
afternoon at the Y. M " CA. building' to young
men. & . c
There was lively "sport by the Schuetzen
\ ereins at tne shooting ranges across the bay
yesterday. J
Prince Luigi of Savoy attended a perform
ance in the Italian language at tne Bush-street
last night.
Martin G. Casserly and Miss Christine F. Ma
loney were mariied at Ocean View on Satur
day evening. •
The Socialists met in Pythian Temple last
night and discussed the present extent of co
operation in society.
Railroad Commissioner Stanton is opposed
to any long extension of the debt of the Cen
tral Pacific Company. .'..
Professor Markenburg bad a narrow escape
from being burned to death at the Haight
street grounds yesterday.
The young men of the Stockton-street Syna
gogue gave a largely attended ball last night
in aid of the church fund.
Two speakers besides President Hudelson
addressed the good citizenship meeting at
Metropolitan Hall yesterday.
The Young Women's Christian Association
celebrated its eighteenth anniversary at Ply
mouth Congregational Church.
The Outdoor Order of Public Ownership isa
new socialist organization whose members are
working in the cause of reform.
The United States steamer Adams returned
from her trial trip yesterday and will sail for
Honolulu to-morrow or next day.
I' Fair Monday; light to fresh northerly
winds, - was the prediction issued last evening
by Forecast Official W. H. Hammon. :.; : :y,
A. A. Zimmerman, champion cyclist, arrived
from Australia on the Monowal yesterday, and
with bis wife is stopping at the Palace.
Division 2 of the Naval Battalion gave a
jinks on Saturday night at which a number of
the friends of the company, were entertained.
Paderewski spent all day yesterday in prac
ticing, eating nothing till 10 o'clock at; night.
He was preparing for his concert of this after
noon. ;'.-* •./"'-;-
Many young members of the National Guard
who aspire to become expert riflemen were
practicing at the Shell Mound rifle range yes
terday.
Fred Emerson Brooks, the poet, from the
pulpit of the Howard-street Methodist Church
last evening delivered an impromptu sermon
on sermons. RHfIH
A ball and dinner were given the sailors and
a few of the petty officers of the Cristoforo
Colombo yesterday by the Italians of this City
and Oakland.
Several of Brigham Young's daughters will
be among tbe representatives of the Mormon'
choir that will sing at concerts to bo given in
this City in April.
Flashlight and Y'reka divided the mam stake, !
and Kilmore, -Faster.. and Faster, Lord Clifton I
and Electric the consolation at Ocean View
Coursing Park yesterday.
.1. A. Magee, who arrived from Samoa yester
day, reports a frightful hurricane at the
Friendly Islands, in which three vessels were
reduced to kindling wood.
Tony Felton, the blind Indian who begs and
plays a month harmonica on the streets, was
arrested yesterday at the ferry and charged
with drunkenness and vagrancy.
Dr. J. T. Rowand, dentist, and Mrs. Sarah
Brown, dressmaker, 324 Brannan street, fell
from their bicycles near the Ingleside track
yesterday and were seriously injured.
The convention of local trades unions
adopted a platform yesterday and also apian
lor permanent organization. The principles
contained in the platform deal with social and
labor questions. V.;,-
The audience' at Morosco's Grand Opera-,
house last night stopped the play for a while
in order to make H. Coulter Brinker and Miss
Hall, whose engagement closed last night, say
good-br to them.
Jue Tong, an inspector of the Chinese Mer
chants' Association and a member of the See
up Company, was shot in the left arm last
evening by Wong Tom, alias Wong Sing, a
notorious highbinder.
Several closely contested games were played
in the handball courts. yesterday, the most at
tractive being between Harlow and Bonnet
and Kilgallon and Riordon at the San Fran
cisco, the two latter winning.
The burelar killed in the Franklin residence
has not yet been. identified, although scores of
people have confidently told the authorities
the name they thought was his. Each sugges
tion is being carefully investigated.
There was a general gathering at St. Mary's
Cathedral yesterday afternoon of the members
of the League of tne Cross, the object being to
renew their pledge of temperance and piety.
Archbishop Riordan delivered a temperance
sermon. . . . '
John Stanton and an army of artists were
working all day yesterday, effecting magic
like changes in the decorations of the Hopkins
mansion for the coming Mardi (ires, which
promises to be one of the events- of the City's
social life. ■ -
■ ->*-.---;.=
Crazed by Disappointment.
Miss Emma Hubrick, a domestic recently
employed at .1717- Jackson street, was taken
into custody last evening to await an exami
nation by the Commissioners of Insanity. Her
story is indeed a sad one. In 1893 she became
engaged lo Gnstav Meyers. Upon the day the
wedding was to have taken place Meyers left
the City and the next heard of him he was in
Germany. The girl followed him to his Ger
man home, but Tie refused to marry her, and
six months ago she returned to 'this City
broken-hearted. Since then she has been act
ing strangely and at last her employers decided
to have her committed to some institution
where she would be safe.
_ — „ — .
A Unique Entertainment.
Brooks and Macy, the humorists, will give
one of their attractive •entertainments at the
Young Men's ' Christian Association Audi
torium, corner of Mason and Ellis streets, to
morrow evening at « o'clock for the benefit of
the association. The public are invited to at
tend. It will be their last appearance in San
Francisco this season. > • '
;;•;::: HEW TO-DAT. _ _ ■ _ '_'_./_
SLEEP & REST
For Skin Tortured
BABIES c^E
And Tired
MOTHERS |HSf
Application of j^s»t_--* ,^^_s_
©ticura
RPBsnr Cubb Tbbatmkmt.— Warm baths
with CtmccßA 8oai», gentle application* of-
Ccticura (ointment), and mild doses of dm-"
cuba Resolvbht (the new blood purifier). 
»« d j, th^» . ho , y. * world. Britlih depot: F. Niw-- :
n.l.o^.^Ti. 1, X X * EdwardHt. London. Poms
i)«o« Ajr» Cbbm. Co«r M Bolt Prop., notion, U. 8. A.
QUARTER OF A
CENTURY OLD.
St. Peter's Parish at North
Beach Was Organized
in 1867.
THE SURPLICED CHOIR.
The Oldest Episcopalian Church
Organization in San
Francisco. .
HAS AN INTERESTING HISTORY
How the Rev. Mardon D. "Wilson
Zealously Guards the Spiritual
Interests of His Flock.
Out at North Beach, where the fresh sea
breezes sweep up from the harbor, is lo
cated the parish of St. Peter's. It belongs
to the Episcopalian communion and is
REV. J. A. EMORY.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
presided over by the Rev.- Mardon D. Wil
son, a Pennsylvanian by birth and a Cali
fornian by choice.
The congregation of St. Peter's was or
ganized in 1867, but it was' not until 1870
that the present pretty little church at the
corner of Stockton and Filbert streets was
built and dedicated to: the honor and.
glory rof the Eternal Father. There is a
reverence, about the warm and cozy inte
rior '•: that ; is at ' once \ edifying. And the
services are very, interesting. They follow
out the Episcopalian order.' Besides, there
is : a surpliced choir of some -thirty-five
male voices under the direction of Henry
Kirk White Jr. This '.'choir was organized
by the Rev. Mr. Emery, since appointed
rector of the Church of the Advent by the
Rt. Rev. Bishop Nichols. v . .
■ St. Peter's has a membership of some
175 communicants. : The parish was at one
time one of the most flourishing in the
City. The days of its prosperity came
and went like . the ebb and flow of the
waters *of the ocean beach beyond. - ; But
tne families who clung: to V the old church
are most loyal , in their devotions to it.
They love the memories and traditions
that chng to its more than a. quarter of a
"century of ; history. The outlook for ; the
future of the church is hopeful. : The peo
ple feel that there is a great work to be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/ FEBRUARY 17, 1396.
done before', the mission of tho historic
edifice will have ; been complete, and they
propose to do it with cheerful hearts. They
are just now engaged in raising funds to
pay off the remaining debt on the new
organ. The obligation is a trifling one,
and the good people hope to soon have
the balance on their side. • -' * ■ -
The Rev. Mardon D. "Wilson is an inter
esting man. He is gentle and affable and
is most zealous in his work of winning
souls over to God. He speaks with force
and eloquence from the pulpit. During
the few months he has been rector of St. Pe
ter's he has met with gratifying success.
He was appointed to this charge on Octo
ber ,1, 1895. Previous to that time he was
rector of St. Andrew's Church, Oakland. .
On coming to this coast from . college in
New Haven some. ten years ago he located
at Astoria, Or., where he remained four
years. He. next went to Vancouver, where
he presided over an 1 Episcopalian church
for six years. I Then he came to California.
The rector's sermon at the morning
service yesterday was in relation to the
approaching season of Lent. He dwelt
with great clearness and. force upon the
efficacy of prayer and the glories of the
pure and sinless life. His text was from
St. John, xvi:l2: "I have many things to
say unto you, but ye cannot bear them
now." He developed the idea that God
only reveals truth by degrees or stages, as
men . are able to receive it. This was
clearly taught in the New Testament and
agrees in every way with the experiences
of life. "> v V ;;r " ; '-_:
He declared that revelation was tem
pered to the capacity of the recipient, as
in the text, .''Ye cannot bear them now."
There was much in nature that was not
revealed. As the good works of men
brought them into better accord with the
spirit of their Master they would be able
to assimilate more of God's truth, and then
the truth would be more fully revealed to
them. . ;;;?;;/:-•
''So with us," he continued. "As we by
prayer, by suffering, by experience, enter
more fully into the appreciation of the
ever-present spirit of God, we also will be
led by the same spirit into fully under
standing the truth as it is in Jesus.
"Lent is especially the time for us to re
move such hindrances to the free course of
the Holy Spirit as lie within our own con
trol, ami therefore we are especially bidden
during the coming Lent by ministration,
by the struggle after personal purity, by
the giving of ourselves" and our substance
to bring ourselves • into harmony with
God's Holy. Spirit, in order that. the same
Holy Spirit might illuminate us with the
brightness . and the fullness of the , Easter
revelation." — ' . ..'
, The Parish Report, just published, gives
an account of \ the, Easter services- as fol
lows: Wednesday, 10:30 a. m.; Thursday,
4 p. M., and s Friday, 10:30 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. At the > Friday evening; services the
preachers during February will be :' Febru
ary 21, Rev. R. C. Foute, and February 28,
Rev T. J. Lacey. . ■ • . '
At the Wednesday morning services ad
dresses will be made by the rector on "The
Prayers of '■■■ Our Blessed Lord," and .on
Thursday afternoons" addresses by. the rec
tor may be expected on "Certain Women
of the New Testament." ' On Friday morn
ings addresses will be made, of which the
topics will be announced. . ' - - \
T The services will be held this Lent on
the same plan as last year. :i Eight services
have been. arranged for to be, held, on s the
seven : Wednesdays of ■ Lent and on the
Mondays of Holy 5 Week. The services
will be held in Grace Church, Church of
the . Advent. and Trinity ,>', Church,
three services each in. Grace Church
and' " Trinity and two in the
Church of the Advent. The first t service
will be on the evening of . Ash Wednesday
at Grace Church, and this will be St.
Peter's night. This comes February 19,
.and everybody must be present. St.
Peter's rector 1 will be _ the preacher, St.
Peter's choir* will furnish the music, and
St. Peter's people must be present to sup
port both rector and choir. ■
The officers of St. Peter's Church are as
follows; Vestrymen— H. T. Graves, Senior
Warden ; Alex Gray, Junior Warden; Fel
mon Drake, A. E. Aitken, George Cuth
bert, B. Y. Squire. St. Peter's Chapter of
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew— Director,
Rev. Mardon D. Wilson; Vice-Director,
Norman D. Kelley; Secretary, George
Cuthbert, 2110 Jones street; Treasurer. J.
Stuart Murdoch; 0. P. Silkman, Ellis Fur
bush, Albert Wvatt, H. C. Carter, Frank
Croall, Fle-mon "Drake, J. C. Astredo, F. C.
Sellwood. ■ --> - - '■ " ■ .-.,.'..
MONDAY PROGRAMMES.
Attractions Offered to the Pablio at
the Different Places of
Amusement.
To-night will be the first of the last week
of the Marie Tavary opera company at the
Baldwin Theater, and to the lovers of
operatic music there will be offered ."Les
Huguenots," with Mme. Tavary, Guilie,
Lichter, Tomlins and others in the cast.
Keene o ens the second week of his en
gagement at the California this evening
with" "The Merchant of Venice" and is to
appear in the character of Shylock. He
will be supported by Miss Timbermann,
who will assume the role of Portia, and by
Miss Belgrade as Nerissa. -•'-;
"In the Old Lime Kiln,!' a play some
thing in the line of "In Old Kentucky," is
to be presented at the Columbia . Theater
Chancel and Choir of St. Peter's Episcopal Church, at Stockton and Filbert Streets.
[(Sketched by a Call" artist. '*-'«
this evening with Katie Putnam, for whom
it was written, in the leading role. It will
be put on the stage with very fine scenic
effects. . '"- : /;^^^'-i- ; :/-:-V.:-;-. ; v;. .
From merriment to graver subjects is
the word at Grover's Alcazar. To-night
Alfred Edward's dramatization of "Faust"
is on the programme, with Percy Hunting
in the character of Mephistopheles and
Miss Minna Glcason as the gentle Mar
guerite.
To-night there will bo a revival of "Wife
for Wife" at the Grand Opera-house. This
13 a thrilling and picturesque comedy
drama by John A.. Stevens. Miss Essie
Tittle, the new leading lady, will make her
appearance for the first time, as .will also
Larrell Vinton, the leading man.
':< The "Freischutz".- is the attraction at
the Tivoli ' Opera-house for this -evening.
Ida .Valerga, who has been absent from
this house for some time, will appear as
Agatha, and Miss Marchi will make her
reappearance in the. character of Annie
in which she has been very successful. ' '
.' At the Orpheum Music Hall,* the excel
lent programme that took the house by
storm last week" will be repeated to-night,
.with the addition of new specialties.' The
head-balancing feat of the Pantzer Broth
era is a marvelous one, and it excites ad
miration. .-.'.:■•>- ■'-.- ..'./■
Paderewski, the great, will give a recital
at the California Theater this afternoon,
and he will delight those who assemble to
listen to him with the delicacy of the won
derful music that he produces from the
piano. There will, no doubt, be a crowded
house. .t\ ">-■ , --•..-■'- ;.»".
This evening the ; rifst performance \ for
the benefit of the Saturday Morning Or
chestra will be given in Metropolitan Hall.
The orchestra will be under the direction
of the well-known "; leader, Alfred Ronco
vieri, and the event promises to be a great
society affair. ________ '•'.
'A. To-night •; there will be given 'in ; the
Grove-street Theater the first of a series of
performances for the.benefit of the Veteran
Guard of the Grand Army of the Republic.
The performance this evening will be "U
and I," preceded by, a camp-scene by the
"Vets" as a curtain-raiser. ..'.v.'.,.-.
First Benefit Concert.
' I The Saturday Morning Orchestra, under the
management of Alfred Roncovleri, ; will "give
its first benefit concert at Metropolitan Temple
this evening. ... . : -.: .;- --."'. •••"-.' '.. ■--.
The orchestra will be assisted by, the Phil
harmonic Society, also by Miss ' Caroline H.
Little and S. Homer Henley, and the. accom
paniments will be played by Miss Belle Cham
berlain. ; The programme will contain many
entertaining: musical selections from Rossini,
Thomas, Moszkowski, Rubinstein, Wagner, Sir
Arthur Sullivan, Marcuesi «ad Verdi. -
IN THE POLAR CURRENTS
Where They Might Have Car
ried Nansen in the
. Fram.
CAPTAIN WILLIAMS' IDEA.
Cruised in the Arctic Thirty Years and
Never Knew Natives to Send
. Information.
• Captain : Louis Williams, who has been
making trips to the Arctic for • the last
thirty years and who has during his nauti
cal experience acquired considerable
knowledge . of the northern seas and cur
rents, is much interested in the story of
the recent discovery of the pole by
Nansen. . > ', >■ „ ; . . „ 'if.
Twenty-five years ago, lone before the
first and only Western Arctic expedition
went out from San Francisco under the
command of De Long, he bad been as far
north as 74}£ deg. Since then, summer
after summer, he has cruised about the
Arctic on whaling voyages, far to the east
of Point Barrow, the most northern point
of Alaska, and as far to the westward of
Bering Strait as Cape Sievernoi, on the
Siberian Coast.
It was only last October that Captain
Williams was in the Arctic in command of
the Hidalgo. ;. ••;•..
Discussing yesterday the possibilities of
the recently reported discovery of the pole
by Nansen and the means by which the
news could have come from his ship, the
Fram, the captain said: .
"The telegraphic dispatches saying that
Nansen had '■ been up to and was on his
way back from the . north pole did not
state where the Fram was at the time the
information was obtained, nor were any
dates given. If we were told anything
definite as to the original source of the
report we might form some opinion as to
the probability of the discovery.
"It is a very peculiar time of year to re
ceive information from that region, for in
the winter everything is blocked. The
only : possible way for news to come from
the Fram would be for some one to leave
the Fram and reach a permanent settle
ment.
S "When Nansen started out on his expe
dition he entered the Arctic near Norway,
traveling round the pole upon a general
course opposite . to the direction of. the
hands of a clock. His purpose was, as I
understand it, to reach a point some dis
tance beyond the mouth of the Lena River
and there be taken up by the current in
.which the Jeannette was drifting when she
was crushed in the ice in June, 1838. ; ;
..'.'That Current the Jeanette was in was
carrying her along, about three miles
an hour just : before she ; was abandoned.
It was a branch of the Japan current
which bends up into the North Pacific and
there divides, one \ part coming down this
coast and the- other going on up through
Bering Strait. Just after entering the
Arctic , that . current branches again. A
main and well-known constant flow strikes
eastward past Point Barrow, at one or two
miles ;an hour, along the north . coast of
British America through the great archi
pelago and into Baffin's Bay ; \ there it turns
southward, carrying . the Greenland ice
bergs down into the Atlantic Ocean. But
the other branch bends to the northwest
and starts round the other side of the pole.
In that current the Jeannette was carried
along until she was almost on the opposite
side of .the pole from us. ; Nansen's plans
seem" ,to have been i based upon ' the ; hy
pothesis that the current must eventually
bend in a upon the -; pole, : and ; crossing it,
come out on the coast of Greenland. But
I never , believed that story about some of
the Jeannette's material being found on the
coast of Greenland, /.and I don't believe
it yet. / ••;■ .--',:; . '•
1 "Now; if this information came by way
of the coast, near the mouth of the Lena
River it passed through the hands of Rus
sian Government officials, ■*■ for wherever
there is a permanent .settlement near that
coast -there are -.t Russian '|| officials. But
there is no living about the mouth 1 of j the
Lena, for its big delta is covered l with
drift ice in i the spring and ■no habitation:
could -exist. The , river is over 2000. miles
long, and when ~ the snows at its source
melt ; the whole country is flooded about
the delta and is covered with sheet ice.
"The t first permanent i settlement that
Melville \ found when he was picked up in
October, 1888, was. about- 250" miles back
from the mouth of the Lena.; Why should
Nansen after reaching the pole go back, to
land nearly three times as far away as the
already explored coast of Greenland? If
he reached the .pole on : that current he
would naturally have staved with it and
come out on it. - Why. would he go back
1200 miles when' by keeping on about 400
he could reach known waters?
"The Fram had Only arrived in the
neighborhood of the Kara Sea for her first
winter. She must have done some.very
quick work compared with her sailing up
to that time to have gone to the pole and
started back since then,
• "As for the natives communicating with
one another by some mysterious means and
at long distances, I have never, seen it.
The news could hardly have come In ad
vance by such means. There is no com
munication between the natives by signals.
When two natives from different villages
meet, they sit down and smoke a- pipe and
exchange the. gossip of their localities.
In that country the family lives upon
what the men and boys can hunt and fish
for and consequently there isn't any wan
dering from home. In the winter season
particularly the native stays at home
pretty faithfully. ... ■ . . •
."Natives living sixty or seventy miles
apart know simply nothing about each
other, even where in many cases it would
be to their advantage to communicate with
each 0ther. .."... - ;-. t ;-:c •;-. >U;V
s"You can get a native to carry a message
lor you but must always have the pay
issued at the other end or he will fall from
grace and disappoint you. They do all
such traveling on land by dog teams and
cover from twenty-live to forty miles a
day. - " ■ . . ,
"It is only the shore natives that have
and use canoes. When they sight a ship
they come off to her with their whole fam
ilies with them. It is like going •to the
opera. And they'll stay with you as long
as you'll let them..
"Occasionally we have received informa
tion from natives near Bering Strait
that would be accurate, but never any
from the Siberian coast natives in the Arc
tic. They are visited by Russian authori
ties only once or twice a year. All east of
the Lena on the Siberian coast the natives
understand that if a vessel is wrecked they
should care for the survivors..
"It freezes pretty solid in that north
ern region during the winter months.
Then there is not much movement to the
ice, although there are open spaces in it.
"Nothing hollow has ever yet been built
that could stand the pressure of two great
ice fields coming together. The Fram
was designed to avoid "the crush of the ice
by allowing herself to be forced up out of
water by the pressure upon her sides. The
ice in the northern seas is not high above
water, for it is not made up of icebergs.
Icebergs are made only on high shores
and break off of glaciers. They are not
found so far north. /,..
"When He Long started out on his ex
pedition an old skipper at the Palace Ho
tel told him that if he got in that north
west current it would either carry him to
the pole or to the devil. If Nansen got in
that current he was subject to either out
come." : T- /.>■■! -..' .
ON IRELAND'S NATAL DAY
The Convention Will Hold the
Exercises at Woodward's
Pavilion. >
K. R. B. Members Preparing to Cele
brate the Anniversary of
Emmet's Birthday.
The St. Patrick's day convention, which
met at K. R. B. Hall, corner of O'Farrell
and Mason streets, yesterday afternoon,
decided to hold the exercises attending the
celebration of . the anniversary of the
apostle of . Ireland in the. new pavilion at
Woodwards Gardens. The exercises will
be of a musical and literary nature.
There was a large attendance at yester
day's meeting, and the proceedings were
full of life and interest. Thomas R. Ban
nerman occupied the chair, and Robert
O'Reilly recorded the minutes of the meet
ing- . ';■ ,:-V/ :
Several enthusiastic speeches were made
during the afternoon. To judge from the
interest already aroused over the.approach
ing celebration the belief is general among
the patriotic members that a large sum
"will be realized for the hall fund.
Active preparations are also going on
for the reception to John F. Finerty, who
will lecture at Metropolitan Hall on the
evening of March 4, Emmet's birthday. He
will arrive here on March 2. The commit
tee on arrangements will meet at K. R. B.
Hall on Wednesday, evening.
Already a large number of tickets have
been sold for the lecture. Colonel Finerty's
subject will be "The Life of Robert Em
met." During" his stay in San Francisco
the lecturer will be the guest of the K. R.
B. The society will also entertain him at
a banquet. ; - ;' - 1 "
SOCIALIST MEETING.
Co-operation in the Production, but Not
in the Distribution of Wealth.
"How and to what extent do we now
co-operate?" was the main subject of dis
cussion at the Socialist meeting last night
in Pythian Temple at 909 Market street.
T. E. Zant was the speaker of j the even
ing. He called attention to the natural co
operation existing in plant and lower ani
mal life, and :in the general economy of
the forces of nature. But he" declared
that there is no ' large social co-operation.
Such co-operation as exists in civilized
communities is confined to small groups
of people engaged in some co-operative
production.. Although they co-operate in
making the product they do not in dis
tributing it; that is the individualistic act
of the employer. '' ■
Then "followed a general expression of
ideas by different speakers, particularly
noticeable among whom was Mrs. "8 res
of Oregon, who declared that the Socialists
of her State were more thoughtful in re
gard to the topics of the day than her im
mediate auditors in this City. E. T. Kings
ley concluded what had become. almost a
spirited debate. He said that greenbacks
are not money because they are merely a
printed promise to pay money;. that bor
rowed money is the property of the bor
rower because he has traded' security for
it,' which he may or may not at some fu
ture time . buy back with the original
amount plus the interest; that his hearers
had no right to the ballot, the Government
being founded on property rights, and
none of his auditors owned any property.
Too Much China New Year,
T. Makinoto and VK. Mochita, two Japanese
young men, celebrated the Chinese New Year
yesterday by quarreling after they refreshed
themselves too freely. Makinoto, who is 18
years old, chased Mochita out of their house at
1 Chatham place ana pursued him down Bush
street to Dupont with an open knife in his
hand. Officers stopped the race Defore blood
was shed and Mochita was arrested for exhibit
ing a deadly weapon in a threatening manner,
while the object of > his wrath, whom \ he de
scribed as his "very dear friend," was booked
as drunk. - .
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farreli Street. Between Stockton anl Po^valL
! WEEK BEGINNING MONDAY, FEB. 1 7 ,
A Great List of Renowned Attractions!
j THE WILTONS ]
■-.•.•.'; -THE PANTZEKS -. r ;,\
• •■ CARROLL JOHNSON V:
.j. THE GAKKISONS \ : .
Our Great .Company of Celebrities.
Reserved seats, 26c; iiaicony, lUc; Opera caalri
and Box seats, 50c .
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
• r RICDLAiIDI:R.4OTTLOD « &■' iti>cj «id twMM-- ■
TEN " THAT
TO OUR
ONE HOUSE
WILL BE PACKED TO-NIGHT TO SEE
The harming Comedienne,
KATIE PUTNAM
In an Elaborate Scenic THE
Production of the Pic- oi r-v
turesque COMEDY- V-J L. U
DRAM A. written by Mr. I I TV/I C"
C. T. Dazey, author of L-11VIC .
"In Old Kentucky," KILN.
Kememher That the Prices Will Be
15c, 25c, 50c and 75c
FOB KESEKVED SEATS.
BALDWIN THEATER
AtlUTstAXifc Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
Last Nights of the Opera Season!
East '1 Matinese— Wednesday and Satur-
day—at #1.00,' 75c anil 50e.
Farewell Performance Sat. Night, Feb. 22
TAVARY GRAND OPERA CO.
Under the Direction of CIIAS. 11. PRATT.
Repertoire, including the Company's Greatest
Productions:
To-night.... -.."...... "HUGDENOTSV
A Great Tavary, Lichter, Tomlins, Guille,
Eugene. AbramoiY, Schuster.
Tuesday "LOHENGRIN"
Wed day Matinee (50c, 75c, $1) "MIGNON"
"Wednesday Sight ...."LUCIA" and
" "CAVAIXEBIA KUSTICANA"
Thursday .' ...."FAUST"
Friday.... "BOHEMIAN GIKL"
Saturday Matinee (50c, 75c, $I)... ••CARMEN**
i Saturday Night...: "TKOVATOKE"
Sunday Night, Feb. *8— Positively Final Recital
Paderewski.
Monday. February 'J4— FREDERICK WARDE.
cmnniir
THEATRE* **° ■»*•■'
2nd AND EAST WEEK OF
Mil. THOMAS
ISLES IBS KTE
And His Splendid Supporting Company.
To-night... "MERCHANT OF VENTCE"
Tuesday "RICHARD III"
Wednesday "RICHELIEU"
Thursday "HAMLET"-
Friday , "OTHELLO"
Sat. Mat "MERCHANT OF VENICE"
Saturday Night... "RICHARD III"
Sunday "LOUIS XI"
Monday, Feb. 24-NELLIE McHESHV.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Extra.
Al Hayman & Co. announce
padehexatski
In Four (4) Piano Recitals at 2:30 o'clock on
THIS (MONDAY) AFTERNOON.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON; February 19
FRIDAY AFTERNOON February 21
And at the BALDWIN THEATER *
SUNDAY. EVEN ING .February 23, at 8:15
PRICES: S3, 99, »5, according to location.
KB* Seats lor afternoons at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s. :■■•:
#5* Seats for Sunday night ready at Baldwin
Theater box-oflice TUESDAY at 9 a. m.
Steinway & Son's Piano used at all the Paderew-
ski recitals. . .
«J^ ALCAZAR
to-i^-ig-iht — ■
Elaborate Production of the Great Master Drama
from the immortal Goethe's Idyl,
FAUST!
The Famous Henry Irving Electrical Effects!
. ' Grand and Awe-Inspiring Scenery I ;•"•! /
A Redoubtable Cast!
BATISEES fflUßSiil, SATURDAY AID SUNDAY!
Matinee Prices— lQc, 15c. 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Monday Next— The Carleton Opera Co.
Seats Now on Sale.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestink Kbelino, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
Superb Electric Production ■
Of Yon Weber's .Romantic Opera, in Four Acts,
Entitled .
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
OR—
"THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most Wondrous Brocken Scene Ever
Shown iii This City.
REAPPEARANCES OF '■
MILE. IDA VALERGA —
-MISS KATE MARCHI
Next Opera-"RIP VAN WINKLE'"
Popular Prices— and 50c.
GROVE-ST. THEATER
(Bet. Polk and Van Ness).
FOB
VETERAN GUARD, G. A. R.!
SPLENDID COMPANY! _
. ■—_ ATTRACTIVE HI EL!
Commencing MONDAY, February 17.
Tuesday!'.'.V.'.'.".'.".'.*.".!l!!;!".;!!'.!".;l y am m
Tuesday I J Afc* t
Wednesday.... v - / *•*- *
EK y ;;:;:;:;::::: :: :: TWO OF A KM
!uS. y ::::::::::rllN ON THE BRISTOL
SATURDAY MATINEE! — —
PRICES TOO, 20c, 30c, 50c.
Curtain Will Rise at 8 o'clock on Tableaux In-
troducing Veteran Guard.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
John A. Stevens' Great Melodrama,
"WIFE FOR WIFE!"
With DARRELL VINTON and
ESSIE TITTELL In the Leading Roles.
I Special Matinee Washington's Birthday
'. - Evenino Pbicks— 2sc and 575.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
— — — : — --.
...
FIRST BENEFIT CONCERT
-'■OF THE— — 1 ■ :
SATURDAY MORSWtt ORCHESTRA.
- .Under the direction of als-bed Roncoviebi.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
MONDAY EVENING, FEB. 17, 1896.
Reserved seats One Dollar, on sale at Sherman,
Clay <fc Co.'s, on and after Friday, February 13.
THE WEATHER IS WARM, SO
I Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
ADMISSION lO CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10c
■ . . ' • J* . ; "
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. ft.
ADMISSION «1. 00. . . i;"
Take Southern Facliic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:10 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand. $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track. , .
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. S. LEAKE,
President. .* . '. . ■. Secretary.
78
WHAT MAKES A
GOOD CITIZEN
Several Speeches on This
Topic at Metropolitan
Hall.
KUDSLSON'S ILL HEALTH
He Refrains in Consequence From
Giving Further Proper
Definitions.
SCHOOLS AND FRATERNITIES.
They Are Made the Subject of a Dis
course by One A. P. A.
Speaker.
Despite the manifold allurements to out
door amusement afforded by the beautiful
weather of yesterday, there was, if any
thing, an added attendance at the Good :
Citizenship meeting at Metropolitan Hall,
drawn thither by the announcement that
the speaker of the day was to be B. F.
Hudelson, the State president of the Amer
ican Protective Association. There were
the usual opening remarks by Chairman
Quitzow, instrumental and vocal musical
selections, and a prayer by Rev. Dr. C. A.
Rabinc. Then C.G.Dodge spoke briefly
as follows :
"You have assembled here to-day for the
purpose of again listening to him whom
you have chosen as your honored and re
spected leader in California. It certainly
cannot be an ordinary condition of affairs
which week after week fills this vast audi
torium with such an assemblage of intelli
gent and patriotic Americans. It shows that
you are alive to the dangers that threaten
American institutions and are determined
to protect your rights. This is no battle
of religion. It is a battle for freedom and
religious liberty in its nearest sense. If
there is one lesson by which the Ameri
can people are quick to profit by it is ex
perience. We know the history of our
country; wo know her imperial position
among the nations of to-day; we know
that most of her greatness has been the
work of her public schools. With loyal
Americans their position is to be the
proper educators, and their patriotic tend
encies demand no argument. It is sim- i
ply a question of their eternal preserva
tion.
"From the associations of childhood and
from the lessons of experience we have
come to look upon the public school'
almost with reverence. And there are
other institutions that have become dear
to the hearts of Americans. I refer to the
fraternal organizations, all of which have
come under the ban oi the Pope.
"Will some Catholic champion tell me
what these organizations have done that
they have become the object of insult by
the" Pope?"
The speaker then paid a glowing tribute
to the virtues of these organizations and
went on as follows:
"These will live, together with our pub
lic schools, when Papal insult and the
Papacy shall no longer exist. We honor
and respect everything that bears the sem
blance of loyalty and liberty.
"I believe in protecting the industries of
our country, but I think that is absurd
while immigration is unrestricted. In
many of the Eastern States American
citizens have been driven from the fac- ,
tories by foreign laborers. Such a spec
tacle, my friend, is a sad commentary on ,
the constitution of America. We are a
patient and lorbearing people, and for :
my individual self I do not believe in pro- I
tecting a poisonous reptile. . I believe, as
Wendell Phillips did, that it should be
crushed in infancy. Already we have had
an example of the terrors of unrestricted
immigration, and if public men will not
pass the proper laws for the restriction of
immigration, then you, who have the
remedy in your hands, should relegate him
to the oblivion where he belong.
"In conclusion let me say that you have
some cause for congratulation. Already
this agitation has brought a great change
in thesentimentof our people. It was not
long ago that foreign flags were floating
over many of our public buildings; but
now we have a law in New York prohibit- •
ing the display of any other flag than the
stars and stripes on a -public building.
Let that agitation go on till we have the
same law in every State in the Union. Let
us impress upon our children the import
ance of our public schools and the fur
ther importance of unsectarian institu
tions." :.^ : ;.
Chairman Quitzow at this point an
nounced that there was a mistake in the
printed programme regarding the dates on
which the Yorke-Ross controversy was to
be held in Metropolitan -Temple. He
stated that the correct dates were Feb
ruary 24, 25. 26 and 27. "-erf ..:
Rev. W. R. Goodwin of the California
street Methodist Episcopal . Church was
the next speaker. He explained that be
had been asked to come to the . meeting to
speak, as it were between times, and added :
"Where our friend Father YorKe now is—
that is, between times he is between Rev.
Mr. Wendte and Mr. Hudelson; but I am
not here to talk to. you about Father
Yorke; he will get enough from others. I
want to say that I have words of warning.
We have got to look after the citizenship
of this City. I am going to give a little
talk about its moral . condition. I have
never believed in bringing politics into
municipal affairs. I- don't care who is
Mayor so long as he is - the best man for
that position in the • city: When we come
to municipal affairs give us ' the very best
man in the city irrespective of politics.
"How are you going to get the best men
for your offices? You must first select
them and then vote for them. What are
we doing toward this end? That is the'
question. These meetings won't count
anything at all on the day of election.
When election day comes the judges won't
count speeches nor songs,- but will count
ballots first, last and all the time. We
have got to get down to balloting.
"I was inclined to blame the "Mayor. for
some things, but the Mayor says his hands
are tied. He says the Board of Supervisors
is'responsiole for the condition of things.
We go to the Supervisors, say 'we are hon
est and virtuous and 'we are loyal and we
would love to make this City what it ought
to be, but we have no power.' Then we go
to the judges, who say that the laws are
against them. And- so here we are. No
Mayor, Supervisors or Judges who can
help us, but we have one thine left us and
that is the newspapers. But now they
must first settle the scandal over on Post
street, then they will have some time to
give us their help.'
"What are we going to do about this
state of affairs? . I say that all good citi
zens of whatever sect or religion who have
a ballot would see that that ballot goes in
for good government. I get tired of hear
ing the men of Nob Hill complain of
things, and that they will not see that
things start right at the foundation, such
as the primary. If these Nob Hill preach
ers would only get down to ; earth ■ long
enough to do something they might ac
complish something. A man ought to
quit praying who quits voting. .'.
"Occasionally we find a man who is too
religions to come to the ballot-box to vote.
When I come across such a man I tell him
that the sooner he goes to heaven the bet
ter. '•"'■ ,' .
"What San Francisco needs to-day is
awakening of consciences, an awakening
of the leading citizens of this City. We
turn over the government to the ignorant.
I am only a boy, but I hope to see the day
when no man shall be allowed to put his
ballot into the ballot-box till he can read
that ballot in the English language. [Ap
plause.] I hope to see the day when not
only the men but the women shall be able
to do that.*ggg3BQß|
"What concerns us to-day is good citi
zenship and that will come only out of the
right kind of ballot, and the right kind of
! ballots should be cast at the primary. We
must have men in every office in tne City
and have respect for our rights, but more
respect for the rights of the community.
"I am simply here to say that it is our
duty to see that when the next election
comes that we turn the rascals out; don't
turn the rascals in.
"I would like to have every man who
holds an office in America to be an Ameri
can. Not a man necessarily born in this
country, but if when-' be ''came to this
country he did not become an American I
say that he should be born again.
"We ought to clean out our poolrooms,
our gambling places and our streets ought
to be cleaned even if we have to pour
along them streams of fire.
"I hope some minister who is not under
the influence of some one who owns a
good deal of pronerty — 1 every now and
then think I am in Cnicago; l" forget that
I am in a community where nobody owns
a preacher but want to say that 1 know
some preachers whose lips cannot be pad
locked.
"Just as soon as the preachers and
schoolteachers and lawyers and. rich men'
all agree on one point, the newspapers will
agree on that point, too. That is to say. I
think they will and hope they will, and I
believe they will; that just as soon as they
see which way the cat is going to jump,
they will jump ahead of the cat.
hen "we get outside of this hall, what
ever our principles may be, each one of us
should become an individual committee
; for the reform of this City. We can ac
complish it, and we ought to do it, and by
the grace of God we will do it."
In announcing President Hudelson the
chairman stated that he had just got up
from a bed of sickness and was therefore
not prepared to do as good service to the
cause as would have otherwise been the
case. The appearance of the speaker
| called forth hearty and prolonged ap-
p lause from the audience. He spoke as
follows:
"ladies. Gentlemen and Fellow-Citizens
of San Francisco: It seems to me that it
would be well to dismiss this meeting this,
afternoon with what has been so well and
forcibly stated in your hearing. lam sure
that there is not a lady or gentleman with
in these four wails who does not appreciate
more fully their responsibility at the bar
of their country after listening to the well
chosen .words of the previous speaker.
"There are several questions being dis
cussed at the present time and among
them is that question of the necessity of
' the organization known as the A. P. A.
[Applause.] '
"When I see four million and a half or
five million men coming together in an
organization like this within the short
space of nine years; when I see half a
million of American women banding
themselves into an. organization as an
auxiliary of the A. P. A. within the last .
very few years; when I see the boys
and girls of America between the
years of 10 and 18 banding them
selves together into another organiza
tion auxiliary to the- A. P. A. 1 come
to the conclusion at once that certainly
there must be a reason and a very good
reason for such an uprising in a country
hke ours. And so to you, my fellow citi
zens, the existence of these organizations
must argue most conclusively the neces
sity for their existence. They have al- j
ready accomplished a very great work.
"It is true there was a dearth -of
patriotism in the land. I am very glad
that our Catholic friends are becoming so
patriotic. . There is to be a Catholic
patriotic turnout on Washington's birth
day and they are putting the American
flag on their schools and are shouting their
patriotism louder than anybody else."
President Hudelson then related the
j story of the preacher who had exhausted
i his list of sermons and who, on his congre
gation insisting that he should preach
once more, utilized a discourse on hell.
i "It was a most eloquent sermon," said the
speaker,, "and those present declared that
they could almost smell the fumes of the
burning sulphur and brimstone. At its
conclusion ah old gentleman in the front j
row started to sing the hymn, 'We will j
soon be at home over there.-'
. "These patriotic Catholics ought to be j
singing this sons. In fact they ought to
have begun singing it a long time'ago.
"While I love to see the celebration of
Washington's birthday, I don't like to see
that occasion celebrated as Y. M. I. day,
nor as A. P. A. day. I would rather see it
celebrated as Washington's birthday, as of
old.
"If you will bear with me for just a mo
ment I will call your attention to the con
stitution of the State of California regard
ing a certain matter. I refer to Article 43,
Section 22." '.-'
He. then read this section and also Sec
tion 30 of the same article as follows :
No money shall be drawn from the treasury
but in consequence of appropriations made by
law and upon warrants duly drawn thereon
by the Controller; and no money shall ever be
appropriated or drawn from the State treasury
for the use or benefit of any corporation, asso
ciation, asylum, hospital or any other institu
tion not under the exclusive management and
control of the State as a State Institution, nor
shall any grant or donation of property ever be
made thereto by. the State; provided that, not
withstanding anything contained in this or
any other section of this constitution, the Leg
islature shall have the power to grant aid to
institutions conducted • for the support and
maintenance of minor orphans.or half-orphans,
or abandoned children; or aged persons in indi
gent circumstances — aid to be granted by
a uniform rule, and proportioned to the num
ber of inmates of such respective institutions:
provided further that the State shall have at
any time the right to inquire into the manage
ment of such institution; provided further,
that whenever any county, or city or county,
or city, or town/shall provide for the support
of minor orphans, or half-orphans, or aban
doned children, or aged persons in indigent
circumstances, such county, city or county,
city or town, shall be entitled to receive the
same pro rata appropriations as may be
granted to such institutions under church or
other control. An accurate statement of the
receipts and expenditures of public moneys
shall be attached to and published with the
laws at every regular session of the Legis
lature. . - , ' . . ~ •
Neither the Legislature nor any county, '
city and county, -township, school district
or other '■ municipal corporation shall ever
make an . appropriation or pay from any
public 'fund- whatever, or ■_■ grant any
thing to. or In . aid of any religious
sect, church, creed or sectarian purpose, or
j help to support or sustain any school, college,
j university, hospital or. other institution con
trolled by any religious creed, church or sec
tarian denomination whatever; nor shall any
! grant or donation of personal property or real
I estate ever be made by the State or any city,
city and county, town or other municipal cor
poration for any • religious creed, church or
sectarian purpose whatever, provided that
nothing in this sections hall prevent the Legis
lature granting aid. pursuant? to section 22 of
this article. •
Continuing, he said': "I would like to
! ask why in the face of the constitution of
j the State of California there has been paid
j $15 per month out of the treasury of this
City for the keeping of girls in an institu-
I tion -that is under the direct control of a
j religious body? These girls are placed
I there as criminals. You may state that
; the city has passed an ordinance authoriz
| ing this thing. I say that it is in violation
jof the constitution. It shows a disregard
! for our constitution.: It is unbecoming
| that these people who shout patriotism
| and loyalty and obedience to the law
should be violating American institutions.
"The A P. A. is going to see', to it that
this thing is stopped. [Cheering and ap
plause.]
.'; "If there arc- any persons convicted of
any crime or convicted for the violation of
any law, in the State of California, they
must be committed to a State institution.
I believe that this is good American doc
trine. I don't think it; has been imported
[ from Canada or anywhere else. :T
"Again, you are all familiar, doubtless,
with a little fight .that is on in Congress.
j A few days ago the question of appropria
j tions for sectarian V institutions, for the
; District of Columbia came up. -It was im
| mediately branded as an A. P. A. fight. I
I The A.. P. A. introduced it, the A. Pi A. I
1 fought for it and it will be an A. P. A. vie- I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
Tory when it has been finally won. * This
fight has been before the people for some
time. Up -to 1892 there were other than
the Roman Catholic churches drawing
money from the National Treasury for In
dian missions, but : in- 1892 the other
churches withdrew." . ;
The speaker then read . the various reso
lutions passed by the great Protestant de
nominational bodies of the country declar
ing against and refusing to further accept
Government aid for Indian schools and
missions. "That," said the speaker, "is
American." He next related the hearing
before the Indian Commissioners on this
subject in December,; 1893, at. which all
the different religious and sectarian or
ganizations were represented. He added
that J. A. Stevens, representing the Catho
lic church, charged that those who asked
for the withdrawal of Government aid
from Indian schools and missions did so
with a design of driving the Catholic
church out of this particular field and
that their efforts savored strongly of
hypocrisy. Following this line of thought
he said:
"I say this is not so. I hope that all the
different religious organizations will goon
with their work in the Indian missionary
field. Let them work among the Indians
as long as they please. Let them plan
their schools and carry on their religious
teachings if they want to, and if it is in
the power of any one of them to run all
the others out let them do so, but not with
Government aid. This is un-American;
this is Jesuitical.
"They are opposed to withdrawing pub
lic appropriations for the .support of sec
tarian schools and opposed to the unsecu
larization of those schools. The A. P. A.
says attain that this is going to stop. [Ap
plause.] It is. only a question of time.
The American people are determined. We
believe In the fundamental principle of
our Government. We believe in uphold
ing our own institutions.
"Some one might say that I have made
a very harsh statement, but when I see
and the American people behold Pope Leo
XIII on the Tiber saying to the American
citizens, 'You must withdraw from the
Masons, from the Odd Fellows; yon must
withdraw from the Knights of Pythias,
the Sons of Temperance, because I, Pope
Leo XIII, in Rome, Italy, place those in
stitutions in America under the ban,' I
believe that it is about time that the
American people should stand up for the
fundamental principles of the American
Government, and I believe it is time the
"American, people should place every Jes
uitical organization under the ban to that
extent that wo invite them to say good-by
to America. If this were done there would
be a cry go up of persecution. The Pope
would say that the American has taken
action against the Catholic societies. But
what has he said about the Pope taking
action against our American societies?
Not a word. And we now properly ask
the question, Who commenced the putting
under a ban, anyway?
"Fellow-citizens. I had proposed to
speak to you to-day upon the continuation
of the proper definitions of the planks of
the platform of the A. P. A., but I have
not taken up that subject at all; nor shall
I take it up at this time. Were it not that
I had been advertised for this platform to
day I would not have been with you— l
would have been in my bed.
"I believe that the time is not far dis
tant that the sentiment that is being
molded through the width and breadth of
our land by the A. P. A, will result in bet
ter government, in the perfection of our
plans that America is to be America in the
true sense of Americanism — that all are to
be equal; that the church is to be recog
nized by the State. ' •
"When next November will have come
and gone I believe that the A. P. A. will
have led one of the most glorious victories
and that that victory will have perched on
our banner and that the old patriots will
look upon our flag and feel that America
has been rescued from her enemies.
"This organization is not ah organiza
tion to go against that man or that woman
or girl and prosecute them because they
are Cotholics, and I ara ashamed of the
man or woman who when confronted with
great questions as these, standing on great
principles, will so far lose sight of the issue
as to commence a personal fight against
'some individual because of his religion.
We are not engaged in any such fight, but
we are going to stand for the true princi
ples of Americanism, and on these princi
ples we are going to march into victory
next November."
FOUNDATIONS OF FAITH.
Dr. York In Reply to Father
Wyman's and Archbishop
Riordan 's Lectures.
Following is the lecture of Dr. J. L.
I York, delivered last evening at Scottish
i Hall,, in reply to the lectures of Father
' Wyman and Archbishop Riordan at Met
ropolitan Temple on last Monday and
Friday evenings respectively:
Ladies and Gentlemen: Our subject this
evening is a reply to the lectures at the temple
! on the "Foundation of Catholic Faith." We
, deny the truth of the Catholic faith as pre
j sented, by Archbishop Riordan and Father
l Wyman at the Metropolitan Temple the past
j week on the following grounds:
First— That the entire system of Christianity
| is based upon faith, and that human reason
I and the facts of nature are made subservient
j to faith, and belief in that, which is not sus
ceptible of demonstration, and, to say the
least, is doubtful of truth.
Second— That they fail to prove the divine
origin of Christianity, the fall of man, the
divinity of Jesus, the plenary inspiration of
the Bible or any of the essential features upon
which Christianity rests, and is all based upon
assumption. We deny— ■
Third— That the Hebrew . Bible contains a
| simile passage or prophecy which, taken in its
true sense, points to the birth, life or death of
| Jesus of Nazareth, or any proof- that commends
\ itself to reason, or is in harmony with the facts
| of nature, going to show that the miracles re
cited in the New Testament ever took place, j
and have no real foundation, save that credence |
which takes root in. ignorance and supersti- I
tion. And that the traditions, fictions and
wonderful stories written up by the ear'y i
monks, under the title of Matthew, Mark, Luke
and John (whoever they were), are tor the most
part exaggerated statements, if not pure fabri
cations, which have been canonized by hu
man authority and passed down to this age at
the hands of the Roman > Catholic Church,
THE NEW POLICE HALL PLANS.
J. Cother Newsom Docs Not Believe in the "Usual and So Worn-Out He Has Followed the
Renaissance Style and Has Produced an Ornate Design.
[From the a rchitcct's plan.]
claiming to be the only true salvation for man
kind. And, to say the : least, the arrogance of
her claims must be shocking to all who are ac
quainted with the j facts in the history of her
bloody career in ihe world.
v\e do not say that the Roman Church . has
accomplished no good in the world, but we do
say. that she has been the fruitful source of far
more evil than good In the world, and that her
efforts for supremacy have marked her path
way with strife, persecution, cruelty* tears and
biood ; and her , attitude, to-day toward free
thought, free speech, free schools and mental
liberty show her to be the same relentless foe
of free religion and true democracy.
we do not say that her men are all disloyal
to our Government, but we do say that their
opposition to our free-school system, and the
statements of those high in Catholic authority
against our system of free schools during forty
years past . was, as every true American must
admit, an attack : upon the very citadel of
American liberty and the popular theory that
the perpetuity of our free Institutions depends
upon the protection of our school system ; and
the Catholic war and extreme statements, Be
ginning with Bishop Hughes of New York
until now, could have no other tendency than
to create a strong suspicion of disloyalty to the
principles of free government on the part of
the leaders of the Roman church, and no
amount of denial, sophistry and slippery con
fusion of words can wipe out the significance
and effect of the Catholic attitude toward our
schools.
We do not say that Catholic women are not
quite as chaste and as faithful wives, mothers
and daughters as others of Protestant faith, or
those of no religious faith. Human nature is
about the same in the church as outside of it.
Morality, goodness, benevolence and chastity
do not belong alone to the church, nor are
they due to any religious belief, but to tbe in
stincts oi a common humanity. And the fact
that sisters and nuns are found on the battle
field, in the hospital soothing the sufferings of
the dying and ministering to the wants of the
poor and distressed no sane person will deny,
But we cannot believe that the ministries of
these good angels are due to the Catholic
religion, or what these sisters of mercy happen
to believe about God, heaven or purgatory,
but rather, to their humanity, and . that
Protestant women are quite as benevo
lent and. chaste as others. And Rev.
Father Wyman's statement in his lecture at
the Metropolitan Temple "That the idea of the
sanctity of marriage is lost among the majority
of those who are not of our faith," was an in
sult to every woman outside of the Catholic
church. "He said farther that marriage out
side of their church was for the most part for
pleasure and their children are not consid
ered a blessing from God, and if God should
say I will destioy San Francisco unless I find
ten just persons, where should we first look for
them? All our people would instinctively
turn to our convents and religious houses."
Great heavens, what arrogance and what
cruel impertinence is this? Well.it is nothing
new. • It is an open statement of Romanism,
that the "marriage of Protestants is the mar
riage bed of adultery, and their children the
bastards of a cursed union."
This is the language of the highest Catholic
authority, the so-called church of God. We are,
then, to look for virtue in convents and Cath
olic prisons, where men and women are shut
away from the sunlight and green fields, deny
ing themselves of the natural an.d kindly asso
ciations of human life under the pretense of
serving God. What a lean, pinched-up virtue
this must be. What is this but the mental dis
ease called religion? Heaven save me and
mine from such a horrid and unnatural re
ligion as this.
But how do we know that virtue exists in
such large degree in the convents and nun
neries? How can we tell what is concealed un
der the garb of self-abnegation when the out-
side world is not permited to see and talk with
the prisoners? And am Ito take Father Wy
man's word for all this virtue shut up in these
.unwholesome places called religious? -
Would it not be well to open out these vir
tuous retreats at least once a year for ventila
tion and prove to the world the superiority of
Catholic virtue? /
We think it a good service to the unregener
ate world to have the curtain drawn aside and
the cover lifted from the church now and
again so that, sinners may know how them
selves compare in point of morality and virtue
with saints of God. And no doubt the outside
world were greatly surprised and pleased to
find so much morality and virtue in Brother
Brown's church when the cover was lifted off.
And I do think that those who have religion
are almost as good as those who have no re
ligion. And we suggest to Father Wyman to
have the cover removed from those holy places
of which he speaks before he delivers another
such an unjust tirade in favor of catholic vir
tue. ;V
Now then, as the truth or falsity of the Cath
olic faith turns on the question of the divinity
of Jesus of Nazareth, permit us to .propound a
few questions, partly in the language of a
noted author, to Father Wyman, Bishop
Kiordan and other clergy in this city, touching
the most vital points in the foundation of the
Catholic faith, the chief of which . is the
divinity of Jesus. What is truth? Truth Is
the right relation of things. What is tbe truth
about Jesus? And is Jesus a correct standard
for truth? ; Nothing but perfection can be a
standard for complete truth. And does the
life of Jesus, from the scanty record in- the
New Testament, show him to be a perfect char
acter? And from our reading we must con
clude that the man Jesus was far from perfec
tion, and in no sense a perfect standard for
truth. - -
If Jesus was divine, how could he teach that
moral' merit depends upon religious belief,
when no one can control his belief more
than one can control the color of • his eyes or
the length of his stature or color of his hair?
How could he say "Let him who is without
sin cast the first stone?" This carried out in
practical life would exempt every criminal on
earth and defeat the ends of justice.
If he was a perfect character, how could he
say to the poor woman, "It is not meet to take
the children's bread and east it to the dogs";
and why, if a God, could he term any of his
children Gentiles and dogs ?"
If perfect, or even a wise man, why should
he curse the fig tree because it was barren at
the wrong time of the year'; And why did he
not destroy the devils.instead of destroying his
neighbor's property and food for the hungry?
Why, if a wise man, did he promise the dis
ciples that, If they would believe in him, they
should sit on twelve thrones, judging the
twelve tribes of Israel? Did they do so? No
such thing ever occurred. And" why did he
denounce whole cities, both innocent and
guilty, because they refused his disciples as
their teacher, as stated in Matthew's gospel ?
How could he say, if a good man, "Bring
hither my enemies and slay them before me,
those who will not have me rule over, them"?
In this he proposes to render evil for evil
not much like an infinite God. Had Jesus
been a berfect or a wise man, how could he
have laid the foundation of Roman popery and
created the first Pope, as recorded in Matt.
xvi:18?
Why should he, If he knew what frail, falli
ble and wicked men would do, say unto Peter,
a coward and a liar, "Thou art Peter, and upon
this rock I will build my church," if he did not
mean to establish Popery in the world? And
why did he, if a divine character and with the
foreknowledge of a God, have said to Peter,
"Whatsoever thou .shall bind on earth shall be
bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt
loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven," and
thus establish Popery with its confession-box
and a long and cruel legacy of despotism, war,
priestcraft, persecution and bloodshed. to es
tablish the abomination of mental ' and spirit
ual slavery and the . very throne of Popery in
the world? And if Jesus did not intend to' do
this evil recorded In Matthew he was not a
, God; and if only a man, he was not perfect or
wise, take either horn that seems best.
How can Jesus be a perfect standard of truth
when he ; predicted the end of the world to be
near at hand? and fanatics have been doing
the same ever since.' How could he, if I divine,
have said, "Blessed are. the poor, but woe to
the rich," -when poverty, claimed-as a Catholic
virtue, is no doubt the greatest cause of misery,
vice, prostitution, intemperance and crime in
the world ?
Why should Jesus, if a sensible man, have
uttered such foolish sentiments about endless
punishment, everlasting fire against those who
did not believe in him, and that he would re-'
turn in the clouds" after death. And why did
he utter such nonsense about marriage arid di
vorce when he should have known, if a God,
that there, are other just causes for divorce
than he gives, and in his example he has set
the pattern for the unwholesome practice of
celibacy among priests and nuns of the Roman
Catholic church ?
And for Protestant' Christians to deny the
foundation 'of the Catholic faith Is like the man
who sawed off the limb of the tree upon which
he stood. • How could Jesus, if a perfect char
acter, have chosen a thief for his associate?
And that he did not know his true character
Jesus admits when he quotes and applies to
himself the words of David. "Mine own famil
iar friend which did eat of my bread, and in
whom I trusted, Jiath lifted up his heel against
me." Showing clearly that Jesus did not know
the character of Jesus, and if not how could he
have been what is claimed for him?. •
A perfect standard of tjuth and justice
would have rebuked the sin of slavery and
condemned in unmistakable terms this cruel
crime against God and man when it was the
widespread evil of his time? He found the
world in slavery and left it in slavery. And
only the heaven-born inspiration of Thomas
Paine ana the white-souled Lincoln, in his
proclamation, could say man has no right of
property in man and thus lay the ax at the
. ; root of slavery. -;:■- •:
Had Jesus the attributes of God, why did he
j not point out the great sin of despotic govern
; ment and tyranny and teach the people that
j all true government should come from the
I consent of the g'overened?
Why did he not teach the importance of edu
! cation and science, which alone has made this
world- a suitable place to live in. instead of
\ laying the foundation of a religious despotism
i in the world? Why did he, If he knew all
' things, make wine for a. party of people when
they were already, drunken and set such an
■ example of intemperance, the greatest evil in
| the world? If Jesus was a standard for justice
I and equal rights why did he leave woman to
; suffer under the old Jewish law of divorce in
; stead of teaching our true relations in this
| life? And so far as may be known -he gave to
I the world no important, original doctrine,
! knowledge, art, science, discovery or inven
i tion and furnished little new light to the un
j derstanding upon any of the second-hand doc
trines which he taught, and yet we are re
quired to believe that he was a god In order to
I be saved. \ •
An infinite being could not have been born
!of woman, as other men are born nor could
I an infinite being die as Jesus died. John Huss,
Vanlni, Socrates and Bruno died more like
I gods than did the man of Nazareth. And from
j the half historical and half legendary accounts
i of Jesus we cannot regard him as divine in the
j Christian sense, and yet we admire him for his
bravery in attacking the superstitions of the
i church in his day. and we love him as an ideal
j of benevolence, honesty and goodness, and one
ofthe saviors of mankind; but as to his di
vinity, we are compelled to be unitarian, and
yet we have the highest regard for those who
sincerely differ with us in religious belief; but
hypocrisy and sham we utterly detest.
In religion we are a liberal. We know only
a few things, are agnostic in many things and
our realm of . belief is very small, but are
doing our level be«t to hold our grip on com
mon-sense and in 1 our humble way to repre
sent and voice the sentiments of the un
churched, who believe that a clean, honest
) moral life is a sufficient passport to another
and higher life. And the -above questions,
j touching the cornerstone in the foundation
j of the Christian church, we most respectfully
j refer to Bishop Riordan, Father Wyman and
other clergy of the City, and when they will
i answer these questions in such a manner as
! to remove my doubts -as to the divinity of
! Jesus we will join the Roman Catholic church ;
I without delay. : >'" j
FOE THE SYNAGOGUE.
A Successful Ball at Union-Square Hall
Last Evening.
Union-square Hall, on Post street, was
thronged until early this morning by a
gay crowd of dancers that had gathered
to enjoy, a programme on which there
were seventeen numbers and indirectly to
aid the Stockton-street Synagogue, for the
benefit of which the affair had heen ar
ranged. ' ' _.--* •
. The idea originated with I. Friedman,
president of the congregation, of which
D. Gilaberg is vice-president and S. Pol
lock secretary.
Over 750 tickets were sold and conse
quently many of the contributors to the
church fund were unable to take active
part in the entertainment.-
To the young men composing the several
committees the credit for the preparations
and successful management of the affair is
due. On' the committee of arrangements
; were: M. Silberst in, J. Kiarnet, G. Sil
berstein, H. Jacobs, L. Green berg; on the
floor committee George Woods, Alex.
Rice, William Olinsky, L. Aufrichtig, S.
Lowenstein, H. Lindner, S. Lindner; on
the reception committee— S. Kiarnet, I.
Silberstein, H. Lichtenstein, M. Cline, I.
Kiarnet, G. Kellner, A. Abrams, D. Lind
ner, and the floor directors were Victor
Aaron and Joseph Pino. •
The hall was decorated in red and white
bunting draped about the balconies and by
; American flags arranged over the stage
upon which Samuels' orchestra sat;
"THE HANGING JUDGE."
Sir William Windeyer, Who Presided in
the Famous Deane Case at N. S. AY.
•Sir William Windeyer, Lord Chief Jus
tice of New South .Wales, arrived yester
day on the Monowai and is stopping at
the Palace. The Chief Justice has recently
been a large figure in the public eye of the
colonies,: even of -the world, through his
connection with the famous trial of Deane,
the wife poisoner, at which he presided.
He is a terror to evil doers, and at home is
known as "the t hanging Judge" from the
severity of his sentences. He is on his
way to England on a three months' leave
of absence. .
Oswald Nerlinger, a German, made a cup
of common pepper corn, which holds 1200
other ivory cups, with a handle to each,
all gilt on the edges, with room for 200
more.
BROWN AND MRS.
COOPER WAIT.
Factions in the Church
Scandal Trust Their
Leaders.
MRS. COOPER SUPPORTED.
Does Not Consider the Blanchard
Charge Worthy a Sec
ond Thought.
THREATS AGAINST THE PASTOR,
The Whereabouts : of Mrs. Tunnell
. Causes Alarm in the Ranks of ,
Dr. Brown's Friends.
" ~
The partisans of Mrs. Brown and Mrs.
Cooper were kept busy yesterday discuss
ing the sensational charges preferred by
the former against the latter. One faction
claimed that the affidavits practically
killed the pastor, while the other side con
tended that they meant the utter annihi
lation of Mrs. Cooper.
Before and after church the friends of
each gathered in little groups, apparently
to congratulate one another that the
charge of ballot stuffing had been made.
Mrs. Brown's friends said that Mrs. Cooper
did not dare deny the accusations, while
the followers of the latter argued that the
very characters of the people making the
charges, stamped it as unworthy of a
moment's consideration. ;,-;■
Mrs. Cooper, while deeply regretting
that any one, even her enemies, should
believe her capable of committing the acts
charged, declines to even consider the
matter seriously. She says that her sim
pl3 denial is proof positive that the affi
davits are without foundation in fact.
Further than this she will not even dis
cuss the matter.
"It is not true that Dr. Brown stood one
minute either on Mrs. Blanchard's door
step or in her house," said the pastor's
wife yesterday, "except in company with
Notary W. B. Benchley. Now as to Mrs..
Blanchard's statement. She made it Fri
day evening about 6 o'clock, and it was
taken down by the shorthand writer. In
that condition it was, of course, not ready
for signature, so the notary arranged that
he and Dr. Brown should call the next
morning for that one purpose.
"The statement was made under oath
and was wholly voluntary. There was not
a hint of menace, as the' notary
will testify. When they called
the next morning, however, Mrs.
Blanchard refused to sign what she had
voluntarily sworn to the evening before.
Dr. Brown then set before her the serious
nature of her offense, and said that if she
did not choose to sign her own voluntary
statement, made under oath, he would con
sult the authorities. He told her that he
would not pass lightly by her intrusion j
into our church affairs, and her vote in a j
matter when she Had not 'the slightest !
right, and when such consequences to his
family and himself were involved. She I
then sighed the document.
"As to any contrary stories she may tell, ]
let it be remembered that on the authority ;
of her own sworn statement she is not a
truthful person. .She voted twice, not- j
withstanding her denial. The evidence is
overwhelming. Four or live more affi- !
davits from perfectly responsible persons
can be easily obtained. That second vote i
was procured by Mrs. Cooper after she had
been told by Mrs. Blanchard herself that !
she was not a member. Nothing could be
more astonishing than the lightness with
which Mrs. Cooper affects to regard her !
conduct in this matter. Congregational
churches do not lightly regard the corrup
tion of their suffrage. The facts of the
case were voluntarily laid before Dr.
Brown and the deacons last Wednesday j
evening by Mrs. Simpson.
"There is one clause in Mrs. Blanch- '
ard's affidavit which should be corrected.
The affidavit as published causes Mrs.
Blanchard to say: 'I told her I was not a j
member of the church and had no right
to vote, but still she urged me to do so.'
"The last eight word's should have been i
eliminated. The original document does
not contain these, words, and the notary
in making the copies failed to eliminate
them."
The attendance at Mrs. Coopers Bible
class was fully equal to that of the last
two Sundays. After the lesson many of
her friends and fifteen or twenty strangers
came forward and- assured her of their ;
confidence and esteem. They told her
that. she; was making a noble fight for
truth and principle, and regardless of what
might be said about her she must triumph
in the end. •
It was stated yesterday bya close friend
of Mrs. Cooper that she "had been ap
proacned by a number of gentlemen since
the publication of the Blanchard affidavit
who offered ' to ' protect her ; against any |
further attack. The story goes that these
men, if she but said the word, would or- j
ganize a committee of seventy,- with the
one object in view of expelling Dr. 1 Brown
from San Francisco.' It was proposed to !
give the reverend gentleman | forty-eight I
hours' notice to leave the City; then, if he !
did not accept the invitation, similar
measures to those used in earlier days
would be adopted. Mrs. Cooper declined j
to discuss the matter, except to say that
never, under any . circumstances, would
she consent to such a proposition.
It is said that the present whereabouts
of Mrs. Tunnell is causing the friends of
Dr. Brown considerable uneasiness. Just
what she will testify to in the event of her
appearance before the council is, of course,
unknown, hut it is generally supposed that
she would say things damaging to the
pastor. A fresh : story was started yester
day to the effect that Mrs. Tunnell was
without doubt in the city, but intended to
remain in hiding until called by Mrs. I
Cooper. '. .
Inquiry at the home of Mrs. Horton, 216
Eddy street, with whose mother at Vi- j
salia she is known to have spent some
days, elicited the information tnat sh^
had not heard of or from Mrs. Tunnell for
over a month. The same story was told
at 1041 Mission street, where the missing
witness lodged for some weeks prior to her
disappearance.
' - Attorney Gallagher is working on a new !
theory, in which Mrs.Tunnoll is involved.
He has certain evidence in his possession
now, but refuses to tell what it is until he
completes his investigation.:
Professor Lloyd occupied the First . Con
gregational . pulpit at both f morning and
evening services yesterday. Dr. Brown
and ; his, wife attended the forenoon ser
vice, but took.no part in the exercises. At
6:20 o'clock the pastor attended the regu
lar meeting of the Endeavorers.
,: The convening of the council- to-morrow
makes the fifty-second day since the scan
dal became public by reason of the arrest
of Mrs. Davidson. The council will proba
bly not consume more than half an hour
in ; organizing, after which they will -be I
ready to receive charges affecting the char
acter of ? the j pastor, s ; Mrs. Cooper will -. be
represented by Walter J. Barnett of - Gun
nison, Booth, <fe Barnett, and, Mrs. Stock
ton by J. H. Collins of Fresno.
Ingenious Jack. .
May I give another instance of the
p ower which dogs: teem to possess of un
' derstanding what is said in their presence?
I We have a black-and-tan terrier called
! Jack who has a rooted objection to spend
ing a night alone, arid is therefore allowed
to sleep with one of my brothers. A short
time ago they were all from home, and an
order was given early in the evening.(Jack
being present) that he was to sleep with
the groom, away from the house. Jack,
who always remains in the room until the
rest of the household retire, disappeared
this particular evening very soon after the
order was given and was not seen again.
.When we went upstairs, however, there he
was curled np in. an J armchair in .my
youngest sister's bedroom, evidently set
tle for the night, and as we entered he.
looked up and waeged his tail, as if he was
begging to be allowed to stay. ; As he had
never been known to go to bed early by
himself, or in that particular room, we all
felt sure he had understood the order and
hoped by this means to escape.— London
Spectator.
PRACTICED ' ALL DAY.
Paderewski Works Hard While Ordi
nary Mortals Are Enjoying the
Holiday of the Week.
Paderewski spent the entire day at the
piano yesterday. He usually employs the
day preceding a concert and the concert
day itself in practicing. Yesterday was no
exception. From the time that he arose,
shortly after noon, until 9 o'clock in the
evening he played, preparing for the con
cert of. this afternoon.
During this time he had a slight lunch
eon, a bite that he was forced to take. His
first meal for the day, though, his break
fast, was not served until nearly 1Q o'clock
last night.
. This is merely an indication of the
great pianist's capacity for concentration.
San Francisco has been to him a source of
interesting study, He knew that yester
day would reveal to him more of the out
door life of the people than he could have
seen before. He wished to see the park
ana the cliff crowded with sightseers.
Yet he spent the entire day in his room
at the hotel. Many cards" were sent to
him. He was not at home to any one — he
never is when he practices. . .
"Whether this intense application is
necessary or not, I do not know," said Mr.
Goerlitz last night. . ''I know Paderewski
seems to think so, though, and he usually
does what, he thinks 19 necessary to pro
duce the best results with his art."
ENTERTAINED THE TARS.
Seamen From the Cristoforo
Colombo Feasted by the
Italian Colony.
Pretty Girls Lavish Smiles on the
• Bronzed Sailor Men at Rersag-
lieri Hal!.
Feasting and dancing occupied tbe Ital
ian colony from early morning till after
midnight yesterday. The merry-making
was in honor of the sailors of the Cristo
foro Colombo. Heretofore the entertain
ing has heen principally of the officers.
Yesterday the men before the mast were
the heroes.
The fun began early in the morning. A
delegation of local Italians consisting of
A. Fodera, G. Gondona, G. Carapodonico,
G. F. Campodonico and G. Flamini went
to the Folsom-street wharf at 11:30 a.m.,
where they met fifty sailors and eight
officers from the Cristoforo Colombo. The
party, after indulging in some slight
liquid refreshments, proceeded to Marti
nelli's, where a banquet and a large party
of Italian gentlemen awaited them.
There was an Elaborate 'menu, to which
the sailor-boys did full justice. ' Then Dr.
Caglieri, who presided, made them a brief
speech of welcome. In his usual felicitous
manner. Chevalier J. Calegaris proposed a
toast to the visitors which was responded
to by Chief Engineer Guidi for the officers
of the Colombo and Compiano P. Ualco
for the men. There were many more
short speeches, but shortly after 2 o'clock
the entire party repaired" to Bersaglieri
Hall, to which they marched preceded by
a band. ':*'■;.
• More gentlemen and a. bevy of pretty
girls were in attendance there. Dancing
began at once and was kept up till 6
o'clock. Then there was an intermission,
when the guests were feasted, and later
the dancing was resumed with even more
pretty girls present than in the afternoon.
The ball continued till midnight.-
The affair was given by the Italians of
Oakland and this City jointly. The prepa
rations were most elaborately made and
the evening passed most auspiciously.
Those who had the affair in charge were:
. Floor director— G. P. Grondona; assist
ant, A. Fodera.
Reception committee— D. G. Caglieri
honorary president; G. B. Carapodonico'
president; G. Flamini. vice-president- G
Tacconi, G. Valvo, O. Menesiri, E. Dellara.
Door committee— G. Grondona, L. "Para
vagna, L. Simi, A. L. Bacigalupi, A. Fod
era, A. Allegrini.
Prince Luigi of Savoy attended the
Bush-street last night to witness the per
formance of "Stenterello," an old-time
Italian comedy.
It was presented by a company of ama
teurs under the direction of A. Barli, and
from the manner in which it was received
by the large audience the actors and act
resses acted their parts well.
The Prince occupied one of the stage
boxes in company with Commander Ales
satidro Bertolini and Lieutenant Figerio of
the warship Cristoforo Colombo and Dr. J.
Calegaris. Over the box in ; which the
guest of the evening sat hung the stars
and stripes, while over the opposite box
hung the Italian flag. In another of the
boxes sat Dr. W. Vanazo, Dr. Barsotti P
Michi'.etti and 0. S. Poizzini of San Jose,
proprietor of the Messagero. The auditor
ium was filled with representatives of the
Italian colony, while the gallery was filled
with lesser light.
When the Prince entered the theater
and appeared in the box to which he was
conducted he was greeted with vivas, and
this compliment he acknowledged with a
smile and bow.
Cut a Barkeeper.
John Kelly cut James Clark, a barkeeper em
ployed at 606 Howard, street, across the face
with a knife yesterday morning about 3 o'clock.
The wound was a nasty one, but not sellout
It resulted from Kelly's resenting ; the fact
that Clark evidently did not want him in the
saloon. • Kelly was promptly arrested by Offi
cer Tuite and charged with an assault to
murder.
NEW TO-DAT.
LA 8 15 ATTENTION
—am I'nica .;. .
. OUR PRICES.
Allen's Swan Down, th is week only 60
Oriental Cream, per bottle ..............-.sl 00
Lablache Powder, a550rted......... 30
De Laire Powder, small 25c, 1arge......... ..... '50
Lillen Powder, Fischer's, from 25c to,'. ... .45
Camelllne...... :*.... .\. ....'.;....... ...";" 30
Powder Puff 5.......... .*..*.".".*.".*. 15 '
Rabbits* Paws, 20c and "......*.""'"*" 40
Colgate SOap, 3 cakes in box ::""*"*".. 35
Bay Rum, 25c, 60c and '.'.';'.'.' -75 .
R. and G. Peau de Espagne Ext:...:....".;";".; V gf,
Wonder Sarscparilla. ...'....!.*"".'*".' 75
AVonder Toothache Dr0p5....'...........*];"**" -55
AVonder Liver Pills, b0x........ ........".." 35
wonderTdrog CO.
(FLETCHER & CO.),
IQ2B Market Street.RENEWED THEIR PLEDGES.
General Gathering of the League
of the Cross at St. Mary's
Cathedral.
SERMON BY. THE ARCHBISHOP.
** - -
Evils of Intemperance Graphically De
picted and the Work of the
League Extolled.
and fZZ re , hundreds of proud parents
end friends of the young members of the
League of the Cross unable to gain en
trance to St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday
afternoon. The occasion was 'the first
general renewal of the pledge by the mem
bers of the league. This organization has
a total membership of about 7000 in the
City, and the entire body of the church
was reserved yesterday for the members.
he galleries sufficed to hold only a small
quota of the vast number who desired ad
mittance.
The seats in the central portion of the
church were reserved for the cadets, who
made a fine showing as, 400 strong, with
natty uniforms and clanking swords they
marched down the aisles to their places.
Colonel \\ am C. Maloney had charge of
?n?« U ; n l l°. Im division » which was divided
into eight companies.
I-SIS?, 1 ; 9'? y . a °- spiritual director of the
league, led in th - prayer for the church
and cml authorities, and the prayer of
consecration. After a hymn by the con
gregation Archbishop Riordan ascended
the pulpit. He said in part:
"My dear members of the League of the
urossi My far st words this afternoon are
words of thanks to your spiritual director
and to the executive . council for their
heroic labors which have brought about
this magnificent meeting this afternoon,
it is a great consolation to me to feel that
we have been able to gather together so
many thousands of our young men to save
them from the temptations of this great
city. So much of our work to do good
seems to go for nothing that it is encour
aging to see such great accomplishments
on the part of your officials.
"Now what is the object of your organi
sation? It is to taKe you when you are
young and train you in the habits of tem
perance and sobriety, so that when you
are grown you will be so in the habit of
abstaining from those things which are
evil that there will be but little danger of
your being led astray.
"If you read the four Gospels you will
see that our dear Savior was particularly
fond of children. On one occasion, when
the apostles would have driven them away,
he said: 'Suffer little children to come unto
me, for of such as these is the Kingdom of
Heaven.' You who have come by bap
tism into the family of Christ, how much
dearer are you to him than those who lived
under the old religious dispensation. You
are the favored ones of the church and he
takes you in your tender childhood, work
ing upon you in the Lope that its effect
will remain when you Lave attained man
hood.
"The influences which will be brought to
bear upon yon, unfortunately, are not all
for good. Boys are brought day after day
into contact with victims'of intemperance.
The saloon stands always with an open
door and the boys, unless they are careful,
will become victims of the baneful habit.
If we are only careful when we are young
to contract good habits, there will be no
room for evil ones. Drunkenness does not
come all at once. It comes sometimes
very slowly, hut when it does come it is*
very hard to get rid of. Drunkards rind at
j^st that the evil one has wound around
them a chain as strong as iron. Unless
we are careful the light of virtue little by
little goes out from the soul and darkness
is within.
"You do not realize as well as we do the
importance of this work. You are not
brought in contact day by day with in
temperance as we are, but if you remain
true to your pledge you will thank God
that you have been sober and temperate
men and boy?. ~8!P"
"I have never known a man yet when he
came to die regret that he had taken a
pledge and kept it. How many men when
they reach that solemn point where they
look back over their past life bitterly re
pent the years wasted in drunkenness. It
is a great sin against God's law. It de
prives us of our reason. It leads to other
sins too numerous to mention. In tem
perate homes there is peace and joy.
"Many people ask why all this" parade
in order to make people temperate? We
answer, let us do our work in our own
way. If we have saved to temperance a
dozen boys who otherwise would have
filled drunkards' graves we have done a
noble work and our efforts have been rich
ly rewarded.
"If we are good at all we owe it to God's
grace. So, my boys, each day when you
say your prayers, ask God for grace to
keep your, pledge. Ask it every day, for
you need grace every day."
At the conclusion of the sermon the
Archbishop pronounced the pledge of the
League of the Cross, and tne members,
holding up their right hands, repeated it
after him. The service closed "with a
solemn benediction.
Fathers Yorke and Mulligan acted as
chaplains to the Archbishop, and Fathers
McGinty, O'Mahoney, P. Scanlan and
Clark, C. S. P., also occupied seats on the
altar. The choir, which consisted of
voting men, was under the direction of;
Rev. Jerome B. Hannigan.
MARINE JOLLIFICATION.
The Boys of Division 2 of the Naval
Battalion Entertain Their
Friends.
In the days between drills and target
shoots division 2 of the Naval Battalion
planned a jinks, and Saturday night the
event came oft. It was as great a success
as the efforts of the boys deserved, and
certainly far beyond the expectations of
those who were invited. .
The carpet was taken from the parlor
floor and that and the floor of the assem
bly-room were well sanded. At one end
of the assembly-room a stage bad been
erected with electric footlights and other
necessary accessories, and the officers' and
petty officers' rooms were set aside for the
"talent," professional and otherwise.
Of "talent" there was a plenty. There
were ladies who sang and danced; there
were men who cracked jokes and "made
up" and sang songs in which the audience
could join. Frank Cereni, the champion
feather-weight of the Reliance. Club,
boxed with his friend. Dr. McCarthy, the
dentist De Lasaux, Emanuel and Mills,
three of toe men from the division, ex
posed interesting bits of Naval Battalion
history and sang verses, the theme of
which was the wees of the boys at the Oak
land camp. John McCullough recited,
Frank (rum told stories, and others did
various turns until nearly 12 o'clock;
Refreshments in the way of beer, sand
wiches, frankfurters and pipes were gener
ously handed round, and under tbeir joy
ous influence the boys started dancing as
soon as the programme had ended. The
affair was under the management of an en
tertainment committee, • composed of
Harry de Lasaux, Joe Emanuel, W. A.
Peterson, Russell Reed and J. S. Mills.
The music was furnishea by boys from the
division.
Dead on the Streets.
Eugene Thevenet.once a prosperous jeweler,
cropped dead from heart disease in front of
163 Howard street yesterday morning about
5 o'clock. He was a widower. 50 years of age,
and a native oi France. He has 'been living
recently at the Palmer House. He leaves a
■on, who was employed until recently at the
streets? re ' corner Washin and Kearny
BALFE-MOORE CONCERT.
Irish Music and Song to Be Discoursed
To-Morrow Night.
The first concert of the newly organized
Balfe-Moore ; Club will be held in Metro
politan Hall to-morrow evening. As a
memento of the occasion a beautiful pro
gramme in green and gold, with the por
traits of Moore and Balfe in an ornamental
design on the cover, will be distributed.
in ® following programme of Irish music
and literature will be presented: .
Remarks, T. R. Bannerinan, president; organ
selections (Ktilie), R. J. Harrison; tenor solo,
•There Is a Flower" (Wallace), W. J. O'Brien;
cello, "Fantasia of Irish Airs'* (Paque), Dr. A.
*»• Resensburger; contralto solo, "Silent, O
-Movie" (Moore), Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson: read
ing, "A Melalogue Upon National Music"
(Moore), Miss F. M. Estabrook; soprano solo,
'Tho' the Last Glimpse of Erin" (Moore), Miss
Millie Flynn: piano, "Irish Diamonds" (Pape),
Miss Florence Burke; vocal quartet, "Come
Back to Erin" (I'laribel), Mrs. Carroll-Nichol
son, Miss M. Sullivan, D. Manlloyd, G. V.Wood;
address, "Balfe and Moore," William Greer
Harrison; bass solo. -'A Father's Early Love"
(Wallace), harp accompaniment, G. V. Wood;
harp, "The Last Kose of Summer" (Moore),
Miss .M. L. Kimball: tenor solo, '"Let Me Like a
Soldier Fall," by request (Wallace.). D. Man
lloyd; cornet solo, "Killarney" (BalfeJ, A. P.
Black; soprano solo. "Meeting of the Waters"
(Moore), Miss M. Sullivan; violin, "The Harp
That Once Through Tara's Halls" (Moore). J.
H. Kayton; vocal trio, "Thro' the World"
(Balfe), Miss M. Flynn, D. Manlloyd, G. V.
Wood; organ, "Star-spangled Banner," R. J.
Harrison; Sidney Hopecraft, accompanist.
The proceeds of the concert will be given
to the Sisters of the Holy Family of St.
Charles parish.
TO FOSTER NATIVE ART.
The Association Prizes for His
torical Pictures of
the Bay.
List of the Books in the Free Pub
lic Library That Treat of
the Subject.
The San Francisco Art Association's three
prizes (aggregating $1000) for the best can
vases descriptive of the discovery of San
Francisco Bay is attracting attention
from the best artists on the coast. The
contest closes in April, by which time all
the paintings must have been submitted.
The first prize is $SOO, the second $150 and
the third $50. It is known that Keith,
Pissis, Mathews, Coulter, Robinson, Stan
ton and others are painting pictures for
the competition.
The Art Association, in order to supply
the artists with accurate historical inform a
tion, requested Librarian Clark of the
Free Public Library to prepare a list of
books bearing upon the discovery of Cali
fornia, the discovery of San Francisco Bay
ana the Pacific Ocean, and also the en
trance of the first ship, the San Carlos,
into the bay of San Francisco, the subjects
of which the artist is to treat. In reply
he has collated the following list, which
shows the practical value of the Free
Public Library, which the public is begin
ning to use very extensively both for en
tertaining reading and special study.
DISCOVERY OF CALIFORNIA—
Bancroft, H. H., History of California, v. 1,
catalogue number 970.82.
Capron, E. S., History of California, 9772.40.
Davidson, G., Early Voyages of Discovery on
the Northwest Coast of America (U. S. Coast
and Geodetic Survey, 1S86), 917.71.
Forbes, A., History of California. 977.18.
Frost, J., History of California, 9772.25. ■
Greenhow, R., History of Oregon and Cali
fornia, 977.31. MflßtflWl
Hittell, J. 8., History of San Francisco and
California, 9771.21. " ■ ■-. -
Hittell, T. H., History of California, v. 1.
9772.103.
Norman. L., History of California, 9772.28.
Soule, F., and others, Annals of San Fran
cisco, 977.25. " - .' f ;- if'
Taylor, A. S., Historical Summary of Lower
California, 1532-1867, (in Browne, J. R., Re
sources of the Pacific Coast),' 549.30-67.
Tuthill, F., History of California, 977.17.
Venegas, M., Natural and Civil History of >
California, v. 1, 9772.141.
YVinsor. J., Narrative and Critical History of
America, v. 2 (illustrated), 970.127-2.
DISCOVERY, OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY.
Bancroft, H. H., History of California, v. 1,
970.82.
Blaekmar, F. W., Spanish Institutions of the
Northwest, illustrated, 970.139.
Hittell, J. S., History of San Francisco, etc.,
9771.21.
Hittell, T. H., History of California, v. 1.
9772.
Palou, F., Life of Junipero Serra, 922.401.
Soule, F., and others, Annals of San Fran-.
Cisco, illustrated, 977.25. '-•
Winsor, J., Narrative and Critical History of
America, v. 8, illustrated, p. 210, 970.127-8.
THE SHIP "SAN CARLOS."
Bancroft, H. EL, History of California, v.
1, p. 128, 970.82. -
Hittell, J. S., History of San Francisco, etc.,
pp. 39,45,9771.21.
Hittell, T. IL, History of California, v. 1, pp.
309, 315, 9772.108. '
Palou, F., Life of Junipero Serra, p. 31,
922.401.
DISCOVERY OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN BY BALBOA.
Harwell, F., (sketch of) Balboa (Littell's "Liv
ing Age," v. 46), p. 492, 51.78. -- '.c--'"
Headley, J. T., (sketch of) Balboa, illus. (Har
per's Magazine, v. 18), p. 467, 51.413.
Irving, \V., Balboa. (In his "Life of Colum
bus," v. 3), p. 167, 8201.12.
Lives of Balboa and Pizarro (Blackwoods
Magazine, v. 32) p. 359, 52.130. .
Robinson, C. Discoveries in the West,
917.81.
Venegas, M. ■ Natural and Civil History of
California, v. 1., p. 119, 9772.141.
Verne, J. Exploration of the World, illus.,
910.615.
Windsor, J. Narrative and Critical History
of America, v. 2., illus., 970.127-2.
St. Bns, T. de. Discovery of the Origin of <
the Name of America, illus., 970.185.
COSTUMES OF THE SIXTEENTH AND SEVENTEENTH
CENTURIES.- ;.-',
Geschichte der Costume (colored plates),
390.12.
Kretschmer, A. Costumes of all Nations
(colored plates), 390.23.
Blanche, J. R. Cyclopedia of Costume, v. 2
(colored plates), 390.17. .
Racinet, M. A. Le Costume Historique, v. 2 j
(Mexican and American aborigines), colored
plates, 390.39-2. «
Racinet, If. A. V. 4 (Arms and Armor.
Spain and Europe general, sixteenth and sev
enteenth centuries), colored plates, 390.39-4.
Racinet, M. A. V. 6 (Costume in Spain in
Eighteenth Century), colored plates, 390.39-6.
« m m
THE POWER OF YOUTH.
The Dille Lectures to ' Young Men at
the Y. -M. C. A. Building.
The Rev. Dr. Dille delivered a lecture
yesterday afternoon to the young men at
the Y. M. C. A. building.
He spoke from the text St. Mark x:l7—
those verses which Jesus speaks to the
affluent young man who had lived a stain
less life and who desired to come into the
life eternal.
"Jesus looked upon the young man and
loved 'him because be was young. There
is a charm about youth, its grace, its
purity, and its unspent energies.
"Jesus called his disciples when they
wore young men. All were under thirty.
There was a profound reason in this. It
was the work of Christ to entirely reform
and renovate society. This could only be
done by the fresh and strong young heart
and minds. .
- "A man who has not fixed his career by
the time he is 25 stands little chance of
making something of himself, and a man
who is not converted before he is 30 will
spend the remainder of his days. in dark
ness."-
"Happy is the man who can make a re
cording angel of bis mother. We must
have tiie best type of man before we can
have the best type of Christian. There is
a knowledge that s comes from God and
that shows, the way to ; perfect manhood
and Christianity; but how many.there are
who care nothing lor this knowledge and
say unto the ; Lord, 'Depart from me; I
care not to learn of thy ways.' -Turn to
the Lord and you will receive a life that is
abundant and eternal."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17. 1896.
GREAT LIBRETTIST'S WIFE
Mrs. Harry B. Smith Talks of
Her Husband's Methods
and Workshop.
MIGHT LIVE DOWN ROBIN HOOD.
Author of " Rob Roy," "The Fencing-
Master" and "Wizard of the
Nile"— A Bibliomaniac.
Mrs. Harry B. Smith, the charming
young wife of the prince of American
librettists, is in the City, and may soon be j
joined by her gifted husband.
Mrs. Smith arrived yesterday, accom- j
panied by their three-year-old sou, Master !
Sidney Reed Smith, and will be the guest j
of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. William Reed,
at 1002 Bush street, for four weeks. She I
is a dark-eyed blonde, with vivacious man- !
ncr, tempered with a.dignity that sits well !
upon her, a fine conversationalist and a j
critic of no little merit. Mr. Smith met j
her in Chicago, and there they spent the i
HARRY B. SMITH, PRINCE OF AMERICAN LIBRETTISTS.
earlier years of their married life. Later
they removed to New York, and are es
teemed members of a coterie of the nobility
of Gotham's Bohemia.
; The wife of the author of "Robin Hood"
makes no secret of her pride in her hus
band's deserved success. She has a most
intelligent comprehension of the aims and
scope of his work, yet modestly disclaims
any credit for aid in the way of sugges
tions or inspiration. ■\?-X;
"My husband wrote the libretto of
•Robin Hood' in less than four weeks,"
she said. "Indeed, that is quite charac
teristic of him. He 'dashes off' every
thing. He never breaks an engagement
with a publisher. If he promised to finish
a libretto by to-morrow nigh:, he would
do so.
"He is much given to underestimating
the literary value of his productions. He
was very despondent when he witnessed
the first dress rehearsal of "Robin Hood."
I think it was at the Columbia Theater,
Chicago. I remember it was badly put on,
and that Mr. Smith's artistic sense was
offended by" the fact that chorus girls
wore satin corsets instead of bodices. The
costumer assured him that the strings and
other objectionable paraphernalia would
be covered by flowers, but he was not sat
isfied. As we rode home he sighed and
said. 'Well, perhaps I can live it down.*
To this day he says he cannot understand
why audiences enjoy "Robin Hood."
"His favorite opera? Tne one he is
working on, always. When he finishes it
his interest in it practically end 3, I have
known him to leave before the close of the
first performance of his new opera.
"He is under contract with Mr. de
Koven for five years and their productions
will be put on at the Herald-square The
ater, New York, before being sent out.
That playhouse is to be known in the fu
ture as the Smith and De Koven Theater.
Mr. Smith's lyric and dramatic work will
be confined to the contract with Mr. de
Koven except as to adaptations and prior
contracts.
"He is engaged just now on an adaotation
from the French for Francis Wilson, the
j comedian, so popular in the East. It
| was he who made 'Erminie' famous. The
music is by Lubig Englander, a composer
who, I think, can scarcely be excelled.
Indeed, Mr. , Smith is at work on two
operas for Mr. Wilson. One is 'The Caliph. '
" 'Robin Hood' is very popular here, I
understand. Its successor, 'Rob Roy,' ran
for eight months in New York. It is of
the romantic class of opera. 'The Wizard
ofthe Nile,' which is more of a comedy,
has just closed a successful season at the
| Herald square Theater. It had been run
j ning since the second week of October.
Dorothy Morton made a captivating Cleo
patra."
Mrs. Smith describes her husband's
workshop with charming naivete.
"The whole house might be called his
workshop," she said laughingly. "His
library occupies the front portion of the
house, his 'den' the rear and the walls of
the intermediate rooms are practically
lined with books. Think of a dining-room
with books along two sides. Such a one is
ours. The walls of. the den are red. The
pictures, I tell him, are more interesting
than picturesque. There are queer old
prints, for instance, of the Drury Lane
Theater and autograph photographs
galore. There are books, of course, almost
innumerable, and a piano, a fireplace and
the desK which is hi 3 work table."
"His recreation? In books. •
"I fear his pleasures and; his toil lie in
too nearly parallel lines. He is a veritable
bibliomaniac. He ; is still fond of news
paper work, a fact which is gratifying to
me, for it tends ' to draw him away from
the books to which he is too. devoted for
his physical well-being.
"He thinks of the time when he will no
longer write operas, but plays, and then
when he will not write plays but books,
finally he will no longer write, but read. I
told you he was a bibliomaniac." :
; The popular librettist commenced his
literary career as a newspaper man. He
has been • connected with' the Tribune-
Herald and other Chicago papers, chiefly
as musical and diamatic critic, although
he was a notable interviewer. He has
supported himself and others by his pen
since he was 17.' The Chicago fire de
stroyed tho wealth of his family and; he
became its mainstay. '
/:..'. He numbered among his closest friends
the late Eugene Field. The tie between
the two was of much the I same - nature : as
that that bound Damon and Pythias.
The latest of Mr. Smith's , productions,
except those dramatized, is the collection
of poems entitled "Lyrics and Sonnets,"
which is '• dedicated to j the memory of bis
sister, Gertrude Sidney Smith. He i
preparing a volume of society; verse that
will be published next winter.
The following stanza in ''A Book-lover's
Vision," one of the lyrics, Mrs. Smith
pronounces characteristic of her husband's
ruling passion for books:
But I've a sort of heaven In mind
That's of a very different kind ,
The which I hope some day to find
If I of sin am wary; ■..'■■'■- ~'.v;
I dream of an eternal place ..-;;•
V.'hose walls as tar as eye can trace
Are one vast marvelous bookcase-
One endless grand library.
BRIGHAM YOUNG'S DAUGHTERS.
Mormon Prophet's Offspring Among the
Singers to Visit the Coast.
All arrangements have been completed
for three concerts by the Mormon Taber
nacle choir in this City early in April.
The representation it will send to the
coast consists of fifty trebles, forty altos,
forty tenors and forty-five bassos. There
will be ten vocal soloists, one organist and
the director, Professor Evan. Stephens,
making a grand total of 192. There will
be four stringed instruments for accom
paniment. There are 175 other singers in
the famous choir, but these remain at
home to furnish music for the tabernacle.
Several of Brigham Younc's daughters
will be among the singers. The Mormon
prophet was a great musical organizer, and
many of the members of his family are
the possessors of decidedly musical talent.
The choir competed with the choirs of
the world at Chicago in 1893, and was
awarded a cash prize of $1000 by the
World's Fair judges of music. The Mor
mon singers won the cash prize of $500 at
the greatest Eisteddfod ever held in Amer
ica, that of October last in Salt LaKe, and
they expect to enter the lists at the Eis
teddfod to be held in Denver next Septem
ber, .'v:;:.''
THE PENITENTIAL SEASON
Father Wyman Preaches an Ap
propriate Sermon at St.
Mary's Church.
Says the Spiritual Life Withers and
Dies Unless Renewed From
Time to Time.
Rev. Father Wyman preached a special
sermon relative to the approaching season
of Lent at St. Mary's Church on California
street yesterday morning. The text was:
"Love not the world, nor the things that
are in the world. If any man love the
world, the love of the Father is not in
him"— First St. John ii:s. Father Wy
man said
"Great as have been the evils which
Christians have suffered from persecution,
those which have been inflicted upon them
by what St. John calls the world are
greater. The torch, the sword, the teeth
of wild beasts could not overcome many
who have been conquered by pride, avarice
and pleasure. The former are sharp,
quick and decisive; the latter like the cor
roding rust, the decaying wood, the evap
orating mists, are slow, but are not less
effective on this account. We are so mixed
up with the world and so affected by its
influences that it is only by great effort
and watchfulness that **c can es
cape its blighting tendencies. Knowing
this the church, following the example"
of her founder and guided by the Holy
Spirit, has appointed forty days out of
every 365 or 366 in the year" to repair the
ravages made by sin upon our souls. Just
as every material work of man, if left to
itself, decays and crumbles to pieces so
the spiritual life,; unless renewed from
time to time, becomes dead.
"The history of tbe people cf God from
the beginning of the world, it seems to
me, reveals tbe fact that inconstancy hag
always been the great obstacle to spiritual
advancement. Divine impressions are like
the prints just taken from the photogra
pher's negative. If exposed for only a
short time to the sunlight they become
dim and gradually are effaced. God woo
is the giver of light to our understand
ings, has also provided moans by which
with faithful co-operation on our part'
these impressions may be retained. - -•'. '
"Besides constantly thinking on these
truths, and thereby keeping them vividly
before our minds, we ; must also - take
measures to prevent outside influences
from marring them. We keep pride away
by voluntarily humbling ourselves- we
destroy the passion of. avarice by generous
almsgiving; we restrain our inordinate
love of pleasure by bodily mortification
This is the object of the "holy and peni
tential season in which we are soon to
enter."
• — » m
Manners, Old and New.
OT.D BTTXJt. | • SEW STYLE. * '*' .
Gentleman — May I Gentleman— Ah, Lady
have the exquisite Ac-' Florence, got an entry
light of being your lady- 1 left, or is your book
ship's humble cavalier; lull '.--"
in the coming country! Lady— (looking at card)
dance? I -Well-here, is a quad-
Lady— Oh, sir, you are riile running loose. -
vastly polite. - X am Gent— hang quad
over whelmed by , your rllles 1 I'm not out for
request!' • ~ (walking exercise. Not
Gent— Do I then make on -the square, twizav
too bold ? :-,-■ vous ? -- - ■ ' 6 * y
Lady— sir, I would Lady (laughing)— Y oil
not have you miscon- funny old cripple Here's
strue my words! . a polka I'm not sure
Gent — May I ' then about,
reckon upon your tread-; Gent— A polka. That's
ing . the ■ measure with j my' . form. . We'll tire
your devoted servant? : right into the brown of
Lady— l may not say 'em, and have a glass of
you nay, sir. [Curtseys, the boy afterward, eh '.'
Gent— Madam, you are Lady — It's a bet. ■■■•"'■
too condescending. I Gent— Done. So lone
will not fail to claim . {Stroll* off, hamming a
your hand.' music-hall air.
[Jictlres with courteous "','''-
humility. I —Puhch
.'. '— ~» — * * — —
The last recorded sale of a seat in the
New York Stock Exchange realized $16,000.
Seats were selling : one year ago at about
$20,000. . • ' •'; <•:-.-: -;. r .- .-:>■:-.
. - ■ .- '
REALTY MARKET REVIEW.
Comments Upon the Torrens Land
Title System by J. J.
Dwyer.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
Architectural Tastes as Expressed by
. Public and Private Build
ings.
i
Architectural aspect is beginning to as
sume a most important place in determin
ing real estate values. Owners are taking
vast interest in the cleverness and ability
I of architects. - The merit of a plan and the
I dignity and simplicity of the composition
I of an elevation receives distinguished con
sideration in this day and generation.
Apropos of the new municipal building
to be erected upon the site of the old City
Hall, attention is directed to that quarter
Of the City once more. Time was when it
was the City and Market street was a se
ries of sandhills. During the period of its
original prosperity there were erected
within its precincts many buildings of
good architectural design. Some few, the
old Globe Hotel for example, have not
been surpassed as far as correct principles
of architectural composition are con
cerned, by even our newest and latest
buildings uptown.
It is a curious and an amazing study to
trace the development of popular taste, as
expressed by public and private buildings
erected at different periods in the progress
of the improvement of the State.
The earliest efforts were, of course, the
Old Missions. Their charm rests entirely
in the fact that their builders recognized
the value of simplicity and were influenced,
as far as detail was concerned, by the Mex
ican and Spanish classic renaissance.
Next came the buildings of the pioneer
days— mostly well designed and undoubt
edly owing their origin to the influence of
French renaissance. Then came the bo
nanza days, when pure and simple lines
fell into disrepute and vulgarity reigned
supreme. . - ;/ ; v - £
This phase was quickly followed by the
bay-window. Queen Anne, Eastlake, old
colonial, up-to-date nonsense. All this ill
considered, hastily constructed and itrno
rantly designed work has had its effect
upon real estate values. Thoughtless peo
ple who have blindly copied, and imitated
the grotesque mistakes of others are suf
fering the consequences. It is unparalleled
in the history of the world that a fad
should influence building to the detriment
of architecture to the extent that it' has in
this country. Within the last twenty
years a succession of fads nave swept over
the country, leaving grotesque ruin and
absurd desolation in their wake. The Cen
tennial Exhibition of 1876 began the craze
and it remained for the World's Fair of
1893 to break its back.
At last, however, it is becoming the
fashion to consider 'architecture- as some
thing more than a fad. However, for sev
eral years to come we must expect to see
occasional survivals of the "ignorant age."
It will die hard, because it brought into
existence >an army of imitative- builders
ana speculative owners. Many of them
take their ignorance seriously, so it is nat
ural to expect them to give way stubbornly.
As for converting them, that, is a matter of
education, and it is hard to teach an old
dog new tricks. '
THE TORRENS LAND-TRANSFER SYSTEM.
.7. J. Dwyer, an attorney of this City who
has Riven the subject of land titles a great
deal of study, in the following communi
cation on the Torrens land-title system,
takes issue somewhat with Warren Greg
ory, whose able article upon that system
as adopted in Cook County, 111., appeared
a week ago in The Call in the real estate
review:
The principles of the Torrens system may he
Eummed up as follows:
In the first place, a judicial examination and
determination of the present status of a title.
Secondly, the registration of that title in the
suitable books in a public hail of records.
Thirdly, the transfer from hand to hand of
such registered titles under the supervision of
an officer whose duty It would be at the time of
each transfer to determine conclusively UDon
the validity of all questions involved.
This system is some forty years old In the
place where it was devised, South Australia.
its working features are very little known in
America, except by a few specialists who have
investigated the matter; and I see by compe
tent authority that even in Australia the sys
tem has not yet come into general use.
1 have seen the statement made by compe
tent authority in a report that was "made by
the House of Commons in England by a com
mittee that was appointed to investigate the
particular workings of this system in Aus
tralia "that the anticipations which were
formed when the act was passed of benefit
that would likely accrue from its general
adoption have In no sense been realized; and
running through a period of thirteen months
out of ten or fifteen hundred transfers only
seven, or a little more than one in two months,
were made under the act, and the act might
therefore be considered a dead letter."
The system has never been tried yet in any
American State so far as I am aware, although
jit has been introduced in several of the Legis
atures of different States. The system was
d opted in Cook County, 111., last year and of
r 1 ourse any one interested in the workings of
he same will watch its operation with great
Attention.
I do not mean to say that there is no virtue
in the system, as adopted in that county, but I
do consider that there are various restrictions
imposed by. the National and State constitu
tions.. If any statutory legislation in the
United States should adopt' the Australian
statute as Torrens devised it, it would bo de
clared unconstitutional by our courts, and in
order to make it a working system here it
would therefore be necessary to alter some of
the fundamental principles of our constitu
tional law. ...'••■.<.
Under the Torrens system, when a title is
once registered it passes to a purchaser by en
try on the proper register, and the act of
the Registrar is regarded as conclusive
against the claims of all third parties; I
but such ~a system would not he ope
rated here for the reason that the proceedings
would be had without our jurisdiction, which
provides that a man should not be deprived of
his property without due process of law; and it
is mv opinion that if you want to avoid that
constitutional violation, it must oe done,
either by changing fundamentally the consti
tutional system of the United States, or else
there must be virtually a lawsuit over any
transfer of property under this system, which
would make it so expensive that it would
break down of its own weight.
The statute proposed, based upon the Tor
rens system, for enactment by the last session
of the California Legislature would practically
bring about exactly that state of affairs, viz., a
lawsuit in any transfer of property under the
Torrens system, which, of course, would reduce
the thing to an absurdity.
There is one feature of "the Torrens act which
commends itself to everybody instantly, and
that is that, it . presents certain methods of
giving a title what you might call a start, be
hind which :it -would otherwise be neces
sary to go in examining the validity of the
title. - - '•.
In this City, for example, for almost every
piece of a property, searchers must run the title
back to the beginning- of the American occupa
tion. That, of course, seems a very long time,
but when compared to what searchers must do
in other States where titles are very much
older, it is- quite- a short ■ period— only about
forty-five years — but in this City it is a very
great expense, especially with small lots, to
run the. title back to 1849. • .
- Very frequently abstracts of a-twenty-five
foot lot worth about $1000 or $1500 will cost
from $30 to $30. Add to this a lawyer's fee for i
passing upon the title and it brings the ex- :
pense up to from $50 to $70, which of course
is a very.great burden upon the small prop
erty-owner, and if some means could be de
vised to do away with a very elaborate abstract
of title, and save the necessity of going back to
the beginning of the title. it would be a very '
good thing, for in that event It would cheapen
and facilitate the searching of titles, and the
Torrens • system does this. It provides for a '
judicial- investigation into the state of anr
title. : It provides for . a judicial investigation j
upon the application of body .who desires
to .bring his property under the act, in which <
notice is given to everybody who claims an in
terest in the property, and the judgment of the
court is then regarded as final and conclusive
on all the world, and from that time on every- !
body investigating the title need not go fur
ther back than the judgment itself. ,"
This is an admirable thing, but it is not an i
Australian invention. It has been an Ameri
can law for 100 years. It is a well-known
principle of the American law that in an
action of partition on real property, all claim
ants to the property, known or unknown, can
be joined as parties to the suit, and the judg
ment of the Court is conclusive as to title in
all respects, both as to known claimants and
unknown claimants, and it is just as valid a
judgment, and just as good a start for a title as
anything proposed by any of the American
lawyers based upon the Torrens system. This
seems to have occupied the attention of most
of the advocates of the Torrens system, who
seem to regard the Australian idea of giving a
judicial start as a novel invention.
If a law were passed by our Legislature con
taining that language in terras that would
make it plain to the people that the object of
the law was to determine how the title of any
particular property stands at the present mo
ment, and that from that time on the title be
considered as judicially final and conclu
sively determined, all the benefits of the Tor
rens system that I think are applicable to our
system would be operated. It can be done now
in partition proceedings, but as that is not
looked upon generally as a means of giving
validity to titles, it would tend to make the
system intelligible. Possibly a law could be
passed in terms making it plain to the people
that an action in the matter of partition pro
cedure should be a means of establishing the
title of any piece of property so that it would
not be necessary from that time on to go be
hind the judgment in searching records. Then
this could be done in an ordinary judicial pro
ceeding. *
The title of a lot on the corner of Market and
Montgomery streets could be determined to
day, and the judgment would be conclusive
on all the world, and it would not be necessary
to go behind that judgment in order to find
out what adverse claims there might be if one
snould want to buy this property; and further
more, Instead of calling it partition proceed
ings, if we had a law that would provide for
"establishing proceedings for title," or some
such thing as that, it would do away with four
filths of the labor and cost of searching titles.
If tbatoneprincipleof establishing judicially
how the title stands at any particular time
found embodiment in our laws we would have
more than half the virtues of tne Torrens sy s- I
tern as practiced in Australia, and all the vir
tue that I think can be derived from it.
The fault with the Torrens system in America
is that we have written constitutions that pre
vent its workings. The Federal character of
our Government offers this obstacle to the full
operation of the system. If the constitution of
the State were amended so as to permit it to be
put into operation here, nevertheless the title
could not be held conclusively valid as against
any lien that might be imposed by the Federal
system of taxation. To illustrate: Under the
Torrens system if a piece ol property is regis
tered in the name of Mr. Smith and a judgment |
is obtained against him, and the Sheriff should
sell out the property of another Mr. .Smith,
making a mistake as to the identity of the
judgment debtor, the title of the purchaser
under the Torrens system would be good, even
though the Sheriff levied upon the property of
the wrong Mr. Smith. That is the state of "the
law in Australia, and in order to compensate
all possible errors of that kind an insurance or
indemnity fund is provided by the act, and if
a man, unfortunately, should have his prop.
erty sold over his head by the mistake of min
isterial officers in that way, his only recourse
would be out of this indemnity fund. Of
course, such a procedure as that is absolutely-
Impossible in the United States. It is against
all constitutions, State and Federal, to take a
man's property away without due process of
law, and how they are going to get around this
objection 1 do not see.
If the law were compulsory, it would at
least have the benefit of bringing about
a' uniform system of land transfer; but even
its most ardent advocates are ' agreed
that it is absolutely useless to
try to make the law compulsory.
They have not done it yet in Australia, and as
I understand it, neither have they done it un
der the Cook County lav/. Certainly, if any
system was to be such as to make the records
all uniform, its advantages ought to be so per
ceptible and so demonstrative that we could
afford to adopt it as a compulsory law. In
other words.it is my opinion that we do not
know enough about this system to try it, and
it is purely wisdom of law to let some other
community try it. I
There is a greater need of a change of
the law of laud transfer in the older
settled communities than we have in
the West, where our titles only run
back about forty or fifty years. Of course, in
older communities, where they run back for
100 years, it is very necessary, but here, where
the title runs hack to United States patents, it
is only from fifteen to twenty years, and so the
abstracts are very brief and very cheap. It is
true, in larger cities, where there : has been
much registration of large property, the book
of abstracts is correspondingly increased, be
cause it is necessary to set forth all the pro-'
ceedings and litigation in insolvency and other
court proceedings, and it makes a very bulky
book and a very expensive cne, but under the
Torrens system it is my opinion that the ab
stract would be quite as expensive as it is un
der the present system. . --■- --.-.
I have examined several of the statutes based
upon the Torrens system and I do not think
that its adoption would tend to lessen the ex
pense or the simplification of abstracts because
1 do not see how it is ever possible under the
method to save the necessity of setting up
probate proceedings, insolvency proceedings,
and in short all court proceedings affecting
the title. It is a very simple matter, in the
opinion of people who have had no experience'
in transferring property, because they
only hear of it as a mere matter of deeds.
The expense and the difficulty of passing on
titles arise from the fact that there 13 so much
litigation necessary— in the transfer
of titles, both because of judicial sales and
because of probate and insolvency proceed
ings and such things; and no system that
human wit can devise, so far as I can see, will
do away with the necessity of a lawyer at some
stage of the proceedings. There is a notion
prevalent in some quarters that the Torrens
system if established in this State would so
make abstracts that a buyer and a seller could
go to the record office and transfer the property
without lawyers.
Well, If it should be adopted we would get into
trouble that would be found more expensive to
get out of than the present cost of passing on
titles. Perhaps no community affords a better
illustration of the possibility of giving a fair
start to titles than our own, because particu
larly now, for outside land titles in San Fran
cisco, people are satisfied to rest upon the City
deed. Very few searches now are made back
of the City deed, and if a judicial procedure
could be relied on as a record, that would give
a start to a title now, or any time in the future.
In other words, there is plenty of force and
virtue in our system as it stands to-day, with a
little remodeling to do away with most of the
costly and tedious and laborious work of
making abstracts.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were seventy-seven real estate
loans made last week aggregating 5201,014.
The most important were:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
for one year, at 6^ per cent, $5000 on property '
at the southwest" corner of Waller and Scott,
32:6x116:3; by the Security Savings Rank for"
one year, at 7 per cent, $10,000 on lot on the
east line of Stockton, 23:4 north of Post, 23:10
xSO; by Edward G. Butler for one year, at 7 per
cent, $16,000 on a lot at the southwest corner
of Bush and Fillmore, 100x47; by the Mutual
Savings Bank for one year, at 7 per cent, $15,
--000 on a lot on the south line of O'Farrell
street, 112:6 east of Powell, 25x137:6, and by
the California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany for one year, at 6% per cent, $18,000 on a
lot at the northeast corner of Bay and Stock
ton, 275x275.
There were sixty-one releases granted
last week amounting to $220,725. Among
the largest recorded were:
. By the Equitable Building: and Loan Asso
ciation $18,000 to Isadore Schwartz on a lot
on the west line of Polk, 90 feet south of
Hayes, 30x100; by Henry Wadsworth $20,000
to Thomas S. and Mary L. Merchant on prop
erty at the northeast corner of Pine and Brod
erick, 110x55; by the same to Thomas S. Mer
chant $20,000 on the northeast corner of Pine
and Broderick, 110x55, and property on the
south lino of California, 137:0 east" of Scott
63:9x137:0; by Walter M. Willett $10,000 to
Matilda and Andrew J. Wester on a lot on the
east line of Scott, 100 north of California,
65:2^4*81:3; by the German Savings ana
Loan Society $20,000 to John Hinkei on prop
erty at the southeast corner of Washington
and Leavenworth, 137:6x200; and $11,000 on
the southeast corner of Leavenworth and
Wa*hington, 22x115 partial, and property on
the north line of Bay street, 137:6 west oi
Dupont, 137:6x275. ;
Deeds were recorded the past week to
the number of 130.
There were ten builders' contracts filed,
representing a pledged outlay of $43,345.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. s
Mayor Sutro has given orders to 0. F.
yon Rhein & Co. to put two blocks in the
vicinity of the Cliff House up for auction.
A large force of men will be put to work in
a few days to prepare the property for the
sale. The terms to be offered will be easy
and the sale peremptory. The date of the
auction has been fixed for Thursday,
March 5.
Headquarters were opened a few days
ago in the Mills Building for Dingley's
Addition adjoining the townsite of
Lemoore, Kings County. The plan of sale
adopted is one of the most novel yet pro
posed in connection with the offer of any
subdivision property in California. It is
proposed by the promoters to distribute
over a $1000 in prizes. The town of
Lemoore is reported to be very prosperous
and it is predicted that some day it will be
one of the leading cities of the San Joaquin
Valley. Its prospects are undoubtedly as
good as those of Fresno were a few years
ago and with the aid of a few enterprising
men may possibly > grow equally as fast,
When one remembers that Chicago was
offered for a pair of mules less than three
score years ago, he may reasonably look
for surprising developments in many cj
our coast cities now comparatively small
and unknown.
Baldwin & Hammond report the sale ol
a f 1500 cottage, the past week, to Henry J,
Collim#in the Castro-street addition. In
this tract a number of neat residences we re:
recently completed, and the prospects are
good for considerable activity this season.
Bovee, Toy & Sontag have fitted up a
splendid auction-room in the rear of their
offices at 19 Montgomery street.
•Sol Getz & Bro. report the purchase of
another block on the south side of the
park, and the following recent sales:
Lot 50x120 on east line of Twentieth ave
nue, 300 feet south of Point Lobo3, for 9800:
lot 50x120 on west line of Nineteenth avenue,
250 feet south of Point Lobes, for 9800; lot
25x120 on west line of Forty-first avenue. 250
feet south of O street, for $200; lot 25x120 on
east line of Twelfth avenue, 100 feet Lorth ol
A street, for 9900; lot 25x120 on west line ol
Eighth avenue, 150 feet north of I street, foi
j $1200 ; lot 32 :6xloo on southwest corner of H
j street and Eighth avenue, for 93000; lot
; 25x120, house and lot on east line of Twelfth
avenue, 175 feet north of J street, for $1450 v
On March 11 Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.
will sell at auction the remaining portion
of the property of the Morgentb.au Com
pany, between Potrero avenue, Hamp
shire. Twenty-first and Twenty-second
streets. Within the next month they will
also sell at auction the realty of the Stry
bmg estate, comprising income properties
on Market, Montgomery and Kearny
streets, and residence properties on Taylor,
Sacramento and Lyon streets.
0. G. May & Co. of Berkeley report the
following sales: -r; '--■'
Lot 50x164 on Dana street, near the uni
versity grounds, $1500; lot 50x125 on llilgard
avenue, 9800, and two lots each 45x135 on
Harte street, near College avenue, $2000.
COURSING AT OCEAN VIEW
Flashlight and Yreka Divided
First and Second in
the Main Stake.
Kilmore, Faster and Faster, Lord
Clifton and Electric Shared
the Consolation.
The largest crowd that ever assembled
at Ocean View Coursing Park witnessed
the running yesterday and saw races that
brought forth the utmost enthusiasm.
Eight pairs of dogs ran undecided courses
before the Hag went up, and the excellence
of the sport tended to make the betting
heavier than ever before in the history o!
the resort.
The run between Flashlight and Snow
bird was pronounced by all to be a clinker,
the points being equal in a race twice
across the field, until the kill gave Flash
light the advantage ami the Bag.
Both the regular and consolation stakes
were divided, the grueling courses pre
vious to the finish making the owners of
the dogs unwilling to put them to further
exertions. Following is the result of the
rundown in the regular stake:
' J. Mcßride's Flashlight beat P. Ryan's Kitty
Pease, J. Thompson's Anything beat D. Bur
fiend's Tricks, A. Merrill's Snowbird beat C.
Shortstag's Happy Day, Valley kennel's Gold
King beat Vici kennel's Captain Jack, T. Nee
nan's Yreka beat J. Sexmith's Mission Boy. J.
Bradshaw's May Belle beat T. Butler's Susie,
J. Larkey's Spinaway beat C. Evan's Dash
away, J. Quane's Captain Morse beat Villa
kennel's Tempest, W. Murphy's Lord Clifton
beat A. Merrill's Faster and Faster, P. Ryan's
Magpie beat Villa kennel's Electric.
First ties— Flashlight beat Anything, Snow
bird beat Gold King, Yreka beat May Belle,
Spinaway beat Captain Morse, Magpie beat
Lord Clifton.
Second Flashlight beat Snowbird,
Yreka beat Spinaway. Magpie a bye.
Third Flashlight beat Magpie, Yreka a
bye. ■■•--. v. ■".■
Final— Flashlight and Yreka divided first
and second, $40; Magpie third, §10.
The consolation stake resulted as fol
lows :
Mission Boy beat Flambeau, Lord Clifton
beat Tempest, Kitty Pease heat Sontag, Kel
more beat Ben, Dashaway beat Happy Day,
Faster and Faster beat Marvelous, Mayo Boy
beat Susie, Electric heat Sunol.
First, ties— Lord Clifton beat Mission Boy,
Kilmore beat Kitty Pease, Faster and Faster
beat Dashaway, Electric beat Mayo Boy.
Lord Clifton, Kilmore, Faster and Faster and
Electric divided the purse.
Judge. Ed Canavan; slipper, John Cranston,
On Saturday Washington's birth,
day — number of match races will be de
cided, and on Sunday an all-aged stake at
$1 50 entrance will be run.
pgppr^ ||j -""mm*
y
JOE GLICKSMAX.
PORTLAND, Oregon, Feb. 11.
I called upon the head, of "the Gleudova
Wine Co. to learn the state of the wine
trade and incidentally I beard the praise
of California, and the great" Californian
remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Mr.
Glicksman deals in Californian wines and,
takes an interest in Californian products.
He has just recovered from a bilious fever.
The attack lasted more than a week. Dur-
ing his sickness he used nothing but Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla and now he is
sounding the praise of this great remedy.
He told me that Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla was recommended to him by a lady
who had t suffered from constipation and
kidney trouble.
Certainly it is pleasant to bear a good
word of one's native State and to come in
contact with so many people who praise
the products of California. It would be no
difficult matter to collect here one thou-
sand testimonials for Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla. No one tries to substitute Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I have tried every
druggist and each one was only too glad
to wrap up a bottle for me. How different
it is in some parts of San Francisco. You
need an ax and the price to get Joy's Veg-
etable Sarsaparilla.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
A Plan to Perpetuate the Library
of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows.
OF INTEREST TO WORKMEN.
Celebrations on Washington's Birth
day—Looking for More Com
modious Headquarters.
Official Assessment Table,
Naiik.
V,
I 5
it.
B O
o
I
el
is
II
V. O. U. w
\.o.r.\\\ (rel'f 50c
toyal Arcanum....
\. ot Honor
C A 1.. of H.
{oval Arcanum.. .
:Ijui Fraser,
3-4 Feb. I Feb. 28
Feb. 1 Feb. 28
233 Feb. 1 Mar. 1
458^9-60 Jan. 20 Feb. 29
433 Feb. 1 Feb. i>9
•Jl-_';Feb. 1 Mar. 2
•J3l|Feb. 1 Mar. '1
Independent Order Old Fellows.
Grand Master Gosbev and Grand Secretary
haw were present at the silver anniversary of
Fresno Lodge last Thursday. There were
present representatives different subordinate
lodges and "i the Rebekah lodges.
The tame grand officers visited Golden State
Lodge at Vailejo last week. Ban Pablo Lodge
wa« present and worked the initiatory degree,
and Golden State then conferred the first,
second and third degrees in splendid style.
Columbia Lodge will hold an anniversary
celebration on Wednesday night on which oc
casion Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes will be the
leading speaker.
The Veteran Odd Fellows nave accepted the
invitation to be with Berkeley Lodge on Thurs
day night. .
Unity Lodge is preparing to celebrate its
twenty-ninth anniversary, which will be held
on the 14th of ApriL
Grand Patriarch Kied visited Solano Center
Encampment on Friday, and on Saturday
Auburn Encampment at Dutch Flat. To-night
lie will be with Tahoe Encampment at Truekee,
to-morrow night he will be in Sacramento; on
the 20th he will be with San Joaquin Encamp
ment in Merced, on the 22d or 29th he will
visit Grass Valley, on the 24th he will go to
Nevada City, on the 251h to Camptonville, and
on the 'JO:n to Downleville.
A new encampment is being organized at
Santa Monica.
University Lodge of Oakland will give a leap
year party on Friday.
The seventy-seventh anniversary of tne
founding of Odd Fellowship will fall on April
26, and as that day will be a Sunday, the ob
servance of the anniversary will be on the 25th
and the 27;h.
The plan recently submitted for the main
tenance of the Odd Fellows' Library has been
approved. It provides that the subordinate
lodges of this City become contributors for the
privilege of the library to the extent ol $1 per
member a year: that all fraternal and literary
associations may, with the consent of the
board of trustees, be allowed the advantages
of the library on payment of .*1 50 a year for
each member; that any Oda Fellow not"amem
ber of a local subordinate be allowed the priv
ilege of the library for ,*2 a year, and that any
resident of the City, properly recommended",
may become a member on payment of $3 a
year. The library has more than 40,000 vol
umes and many rare books of reference.
The Rehekahs.
The party given by Oriental Lodge last Wednes
day was a very enjoyable entertainment. An ad
mirable programme was presented.
Sunset Ixxlge recently gave a novelty party
which was highly appreciated by all present. One
of the prominent participants was Carro True
- Board man.
J. W. Warboys, D. <<. M., instituted a new lodge
. at Guernevllle recently with nine charter mem
bers. Twenty-six were Initiated.
New lodges will be instituted at Delano, Los
.Banos and Paso Kohles.
The Bebekahs of this City will have charge of
the leap year party to be given on the 29th inst.,
in Odd Fellows' Hall, by the Odd Fellows' Literary
and Social Club.
The Commanderies.
The ball and banquet to be given in Golden Gate
Hall to-night by Golden Gate Commandery, K. T.,
promises to be one of the finest affairs of the kind
ever given in this City.
California commandery, K. T., is making
arrangements to give, in the near future, a banquet
and ball and the committee that will have charge
of the matter will be instructed to spare no ex
pense to make it a great fraternal and social event.
Order Eastern Star.
Grand Patron ICerrftt. who has been absent in
the southern part of tbe State about five weeks,
during which time he has instituted a number of
chapters, including one a lew days since at Nor
walk, In Los Angeles County, will return this
week, and on his way home will pay a visit to
Bakersfield Chapter.
It Is stated that a chapter will be Instituted
ehortly In each of the following named places:
Ban Pedro, National City and Delano.
Oakland «. hapter will give "an old-fashion party"
on next Thursday night in Oakland, and on that
occasion will distribute pic:ures from Aunt Jeru-
Bha's album.
'1 he fancy dress party given last Thursday by
Oak Leaf Chapter was a very pleasant entertain
ment and was largely attended.
Unity Chapter gave a children's party last Mon
day night, which was greatly enjoyed by all the
participants.
Ivy chapter Is busy making preparation for its
par. y to be given in olden Gate Upper Hall this
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The beneficial commission appointed at the last
held meeting of the Supreme Lodge will assemble
in Meadville, Pa., on the 13tn of March, when it
will discuss many important questions referred to
it by ; the Supreme Lodge. Among these J
Is that of admitting women to the I
order; increasing the maximum age Of !
applicants to 50 years and reducing mini- i
mum age to 18 years; graded assessments; per
mitting others than relatives as beneficiaries. P.
S. Hirshberg, the grand recorder of this jurisdic
tion, a strong and eloquent advocate of admitting I
women to membership, is a member of the com
mission, and will attend the meeting.
At the meeting of district deputies held last
week. Deputy Grand Master F. & Foland Im- |
parted ructions in the ritualistic and secret |
work.
. 'ihe grand trustees— O. I.oveiov of Tulare, P.
Abrahamson of this City and B. J. Norton of Sac
ramento—visited the office of the grand recorder a
few days since, and made an examination of the
books and accounts. sagysgi
District Deputy James Leonard has taken the
preliminary steps toward the organization of a
new lodge at Coulterville.
A preliminary meeting looking toward the in
union of a new lodge in North Oakland will be
held on tbe 2bth Inst. The indications are that It
will not be long before the lodge is instituted.
lie only lodge that works in the German lan |
gnagein this State is i.ermaniain Los Angel,
There is no lodge at this time that is more ac
tively engaged in increasing its membership than
Vi est End. It initiates candidates at every meet
ing, is work Is being closely followed by Golden
v est Lodge.
. Past Supreme Master Workman William H. Jor
dan will, by special request, deliver his very In
teresting lecture on "The Land of the Incas" be
fore the members of Unity Lodge to-morrow even
ing in Union-square Hall. This will be a compli
mentary entertainment and ball to be given»by the '
lodge, and in addition to tne lecture and dancing
there will be a musical and literary programme.
A pleasant time Is assured to ail who attend.
Several months ago a discussion took place In
Oakland on the subject of admitting women Into
tbe order and an almost unanimous verdict was
given In favor of the women. Last week at an
open meeting of Oak Leaf Lodge in the same city the
Bame subject was discussed Ear the past recorder
who presented the affirmative side, and Past
Master Dunton, who presented the negative side of
the question. On that occasion the negative side
won. .
. E. W. Marston, p. M. W. of Pacific Lodge, will
deliver a lecture next month under the auspices Of
tie- past Master Workman's Association.
Master Workman .1. N. Jacobean of Oak Leaf
Jx>dge. of Oakland Is a hard worker. He handed In
live applications at t c last held meeting and will
probably hand In as many more at the meeting to- I
night.
Degree of Honor.
. The organization in the lodgeroom of Valley I
Lodge of a new Degree of Honor lodge last
Wednesday was an event In the order, and was
witnessed by a large number of people, Including
delegations from Dawn of Hope lodge, Silver Star I
Lodge, Ivy Lodge and Minerva Lodge of the other
de of the bay. The new lodge was. Instituted- by
Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. K. A. Lovejoy, assisted
by Past Grand Chief of .Honor Mrs. M.J. Stewart 1
Mrs. M. ohea lady of honor, Mrs. Ida J." Bradley
chief of ceremonies, Mrs. K. M. Poland recorder,
Mrs.Oakes financier, Mrs. Eva Cogan usher and
Mrs. Flora Harris inside watcher. The lodge was
named Silver Spray No. 3, and thirty-two mem
bers were admitted,' the work being performed In
a very creditable manner. The following-named
officers were installed by Mrs. Eva Cogan. district
deputy, with an impressiveness and distinctness
that drew forth many remarks of admiration from
those who witnessed the ceremony: Mrs. F. S.
Norman, P. C. 11.; Mrs. Minnie Hollis, C. H.;
Mr-.Bvan, L. JL; Mrs. C. C. Terrlll, CO.: Miss
Lucy McNear. It.: T. Murray. F. ; C. E. Plnkham,
receiver: Arthur Terrill, I. W.; S. Bruth, O. W.;
Dr. .Man- K. Morrison and Dr. G. W. Day wait,
medical examiners; Walter Malloy, Edward Stew
art and (ins Pohlman, trustees. The nomination
of usher was laid over.
Alida Upchurcb Lodge of San Jose had an op»n
meeting and gave a delightful entertainment last
Wednesday. An attractive feature of the enter
tainment was a number of beautiful tableaux.
Grand Army of the Republic.
Commencing to-night a series of performances
will be given In the Grove-street Theater for the
benefit of the Veteran Guard of the Grand Army
of the Republic. The performances are to be given
every night this week. Every evening there will
be presented by the members of the guard, as a
curtain riser, a great camp-fire scene. To-night,
to-morrow ami Wednesday the bill will be "C and
I," Thursday and Friday the comedy of "Two of
a Kind will lie given, and on Saturday matinee
and evening and Sunday night "Fun on the
Bristol will be offered.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Arrangements for the excursion to Truckee next
Saturday were completed last Sturday night. A
large delegation will go to the land of snow and ice.
Iroquois Tribe and Ka-Wab-Nita council of
Stockton will give a public entertainment on
Thursday next, on which occasion Great Chief of
Records C. F. Bureman will deliver a lecture on
the order, illustrating it with stereopticon views.
On the following night he will visit Red Jacket
Tribe In Sacramento.
Oshonee Tribe has Increased its membership by
fourteen since the first of the year and now has
seven applications.
At a recent meeting of Bald Eagle Tribe Past.
Sachem W. W. Tanner was presented a very
handsome set of regalia, the presentation on behalf
of the tribe being by Great Chief of Records Burg
man.
District Deputy Hoff and Great Chief of Beccrds
Burgman are organizing a team of one from each
tribe to perform ritualistic work In tribes when
ever necessary.
George hillock of Sacramento, a past sachem
who has been in the order for more than twenty
one years, was recently presented with a veteran j
Red Man's badge.
Young Men's Institute.
Golden Gate Council will give an anniversary I
ball to-morrow evening.
A new council will be instituted a-. Ocean View !
on Thursday next. At a preliminary meeting |
thirty-four signed the roll.
The council recently organized at Walla Walla,
with sixty charter members, will be known as St.
Michael Council.
The first of a series of quarterly district meet
ings of San Francisco, Ignatlan, Phil Sheridan and
Borromean councils will be held in Mission Opera
hall on the evening of the 4th of March, under the
auspices of the last-named council. At a meeting
recently held, over which District Deputy H. c.
j Hall presided, it was decided that thes-; four coun-
I cils should sit in joint session in ibe meeting-place
Of each council alternately to deliberate upon is
sues and policies intended forthe welfare of the in- '
stitute. This is Intended as a step in the perfect- j
ing of the organization— a step between the Grand
an a the local councils. At the announced meeting ;
the home council will open proceedings and imme- I
diately take up the good of the order, under which
the body will resolve Itself into a district meeting, i
under the guidance of the district deputy, and a!
regular course of business will ne followed out. I
The home council will close with ritualistic cere
monies. As such an organization is not provided
for in the constitution its work will be only recom- j
mendatory, but its proceedings, It is thought, will
evolve and crystalize much that will be beneficial
to the Grand Council. These meetings will also
promote closer relationship of Individual and coun
cil in the City and establish a forum for the wider j
discussion of intercouncil necessities.
Grand Secretary Stanley will pay an official i
visit to Washington Council in the near future.
The delegates to the Supreme Council that met
in Denver. Colo., on last Saturday, will return by j
f different routes, and on the way will do missionary
work, visiting conncils on the line.
At a meeting of the executive committee held ■
last week at headquarters the subject of building a j
hall for the institute was discussed. The sentiment
seemed to be in favor of securing by lease more j
commodious headquarters, but not abandoning the i
idea of building. It Was deemed advisable to wait
a few years before taking any steps In the building '
line.
Oakland Council, American Council and Frater
nity Council will jointly observe Washington's
birthday in the Tabernacle in Oakland.
Pioneer Council will hold an open meeting on
Thursday night.
Following are the names of some who will take
part In the celebration to be held In Metropolitan
Hall on the -22d inst.: Professor ß. J. Harrison,
W. J. O'Brien, M. J. Grenan, Raymond Whitaker,
Miss Anna Boney and Miss Bosie Broderick. Rev.
Father A. M. Clark, C. S. P., a grandson of a revo
lutionary hero, will be the orator.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Grand Trustee Mattlson paid an official visit last
Wednesday to Olympus Parlor.
Stanford Parlor will celebrate its tenth anniver
sary by a party, in Native Sons' Hall, on the even
ing of next Friday. The sons of this parlor promise
a splendid entertainment to those who have been
so fortunate as to receive invitations.
The ball given by El Dorado Parlor In the new
hall last Friday was well attended and a great
success.
San Francisco Parlor will give an entertainment
and party on the evening of the 29th inst.
Mission Parlor is to give a masquerade and
domino party In it* hall on Seventeenth street on
Friday.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The parlor recently Instituted at Lodl by District
Deputy Lena H. Mills has been named Ivy, and
its number is eighty-eight. The following is the
list of officers installed: Miss Emily D. Colman,
P. P.; Mrs. Mat tie Stein, P.: Mrs. Edith McMur
try, first V. P.; Mrs. Emilie S. Gordon, second V.
P.; Mrs. Daisy. Car}-, third V. P.; Miss Emma
Blakely, T.: Miss Florence Chase, M.; Miss Battle
R. Baird, I. S.: Miss Ida Lillle, O. S. ; Mrs. Annie
ROUSTS, Miss Hanah Harney and Mrs. Margarita
Gomaz, trustees. The new parlor started with
twenty-nine names on the charter roll.
Alia Parlor cave a pleasing entertainment in
Native Sons' Hall on Saturday evening and a
pleasant lime was had.
Buetia Vista Parlor will hold an open meeting on
Thursday. March 5, In the new hall.
Orinda Parlor has under consideration a proposi
tion to vacate its quarters in Union Square Hall
and locate In the Native Sons' Hall.
Miss I.illie Reichling, the founder of the order, ;
has located permanently in this City. She has ,
I visited a number of the narlors recently.
The grand president has named the following as !
j a committee on revision of the by-laws: Grand
| Secretary Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan (Chairman), Grand
I Vice-President Mrs. Mary Tillman, Grand Treas-
I urer Miss Inge J. Petersen. Grand 'trustee Mrs. j
Evelyn Anderson, Past Grand President Clara K.
Wlttenmeyer, Miss Rosa Day, Mrs. Sanderson, !
Mrs. Julia Slelnbacn and Miss Emma Dellwig.
This committee will hold a meeting on the 7th of !
March. in the office of the grand secretary, and sug
gest changes to be presented at the meeting of the
Grand Parlor, to be held on the second Tuesday in
June in Napa.
JunicrOrJerUnitedAmericanMechanics
Extensive arrangements are being made by the
councils of Oakland Co receive the representatives
to the State Council, which will meet In that city;
in the first week in March. There will be a re
ception In one of the large halls and probably be
fore that there will be a parade in which the coun
cils from this City will participate.
A new council will be organized in this City be
i fore the date fixed for the meeting of the State
Council.
Deputy Councilor Wilson writes from Los An
geles that he will organize a new council in that
city within a few days.
The meeting of the State Council will be held in
Oakland on the 4th of March. 1
National Organizer Powell has organized a new
council at Evall.ston.W3o., and is making prepara- '
lions for organizing councils in Salt Lake City,
Boise City and Ogden before the c.los of the cur- '
rent month.
Knights of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald and other grand offi
cers visited Saxon Lodge last Tuesday and Eagle
and Yosemite lodges last Wednesday. These were
found to be In a flourishing condition.
At a meeting of the Past Dictators' Association
held last week it was decided to secure a central
location where all the lodges may meet. A com
mittee, consisting of Past Dictators Archibald,
Abrahamson. Peletier, Vincent, Thompson. Pierce.
Elder and Lampe, was appointed to take action in
this matter.' . The committee will endeavor to se
cure a locale In which there will be five lodge
rooms, a social hall, office for the grand reporter
and a reading-room.
On Thursday Far West Lodge will be visited by
the grand dictator.
The grand dictator will visit Healdsburg Lodge
to-morrow. . ' -. . * .
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Pacific Lodge Is the winner of the second prize
offered by Grand Protector F. Kemp Van Ec for
an Increase of membership.
West End : Lodge is receiving new applications
every meeting.
Harmony Lodge of Sacramento Is preparing for
a grand entertainment to which the grand officers
have been Invited.
Grand Chaplain Mrs. Su»ie Plerson is recovering i
from a long attack of Illness.
By the death of Mrs. Margery Dunlap and Mrs. I
P. Holzhauer two of the oldest and most active
members of the order have been removed from :
this jurisdiction. -
Grand Guide Mrs. D. J. Kaplan is visiting Healds
bur,-. - ■ ' . ........
Martha Lodge, the banner lodge of the State,
held one of its interesting meetings last Friday
night, the hull being crowded to its capacity with !
members and visitors.
The boom of Aurora lodge continues and It ap
pears that this lodge will come out far ahead in the
contest for prizes now up for competitors.
Knights of Pythias.
A committee, consisting of three delegates from !
» each of the City lodges, ' met in Pythian Castle j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
las'. nrday and made preliminary arrangements
for a reception and entertainment of the Grand
Lodge that is to meet in this City on the 18lh of
next May. ..-".' ■"£*•;■
Next Wednesday, the thirty-second anniversary
of the order, is to be generally observed through
out lb- supreme domain.
The grand tribunal for this State, at a sitting
held last Saturday evening, disposed of a large
number of cases presented for adjudication. , -
Deputy Grand Chancellor A. H. Parsons Insti
tuted Pacific Lodge No. '203 at Santa Monica last
Saturday. The new lodge has fifty charter mem
bers.
Mars Lodge, recently instituted, initiated sev
enteen candidates at its meeting last Tuesday.
Benicia Lodge will give an anniversary social on
Wednesday evening. ;■ v'-,;.i ■-'.-
Two lodges— one at North Beach and the other
at Anaheim, are being organized by. Master-at-
Arms W. Lehman.
Colonel William J. Kidd of San Francisco,mus
tering, inspecting and installing otlicer of the Uni
form Bank Knights of Pythias, will visit San
Lucas in his ollicial capacity on Thursday next.
On that day he will Inspect Union Division No. 36
at the place named and will install the fol owing
named officers: Sir Knight L. M. Williams, cap
tain; Sir Knight J. J. O'Neil, lieutenant: Sir
Knight J. M. Gibson, herald: sir Knight K. F.
Rogers, recorder: Sir Knight William Grlswold,
treasurer; Sir Knight Henry Vint, guard; Sir
Knight Henry Broadburst, sentinel.
On Wednesday this division will hold a reception
and give a ball In the Pavilion.
Grand Chancellor Samuels' official visits for the
week are: Monday, Fowler - Lodge; Tuesday,
Sanger Lodge: Wednesday. Visalla Lodge: Thurs
day, Tulare Lodge; Friday Mussel slough Lodge
and Hanford Lodge jointly at Hanford; Saturday.
Porterville Lodge.
Foresters of America.
Court Golden West celebrated its ninth anni
versary last Wednesday evening by a strictly
Invitation ball In Odd Fellows' Hall. It was a
full-dress affair and was thoroughly enjoyed by the
300 couples who were present. The hall was very
tastefully decorated, the music by Samuels' or
chestra was entrancing, the grand march led by
Charles and Miss Annie Stockwitz was a pretty
sight, the banquet was all that could be desired
and the floor directors, Alexander I'eiser, assisted
by I. I. Brown and Samuel Meyer, performed their j
duties with a grace that was perfectly charming.
it was a splendid entertainment that was given
last Thursday evening by the members of Court
Palo Alto, There was a large attendance and an
entertaining programme was presented. Ad
dresses were made by John Heenan, G. J. W.: C.
H. Bremer, G. S. : D. Cohan, deputy of Court Palo
Alto; H. K. A sher, deputy of Court Apollo: E. S.
Harding deputy of Court Cosmopolitan; 11. L.
Simon, chief ranker of Court Golden Gate; G. W.
Strong, chief ranger of Court Sutro Heights. ' C. A.
Bodel man sang a song that was loudly applauded,
B. Kahn told one of his funny stories that kept the
crowd in good humor and"L. S. Crackbon enter
tained for a quarter of an hour with the bones,
which he handles with wonderful skill. A large
delegation from-Cour; Sutro Heights paid Palo
Alto a visit in a bodw
The meeting of the executive council will be held
to-morrow evening.
The Foresters of Oakland will on Wednesday
evening hold a public meeting and give an enter
tainment in Young Men's Christian Association
Hall, under the auspices of courts Oakland and
Shell Mound and United States of America and
Oakland circles. Grand Chief Ranger Orfilla, C.
P. Kendon, P.O. C. R., Mrs. A. B. Andrews, grand
past companion of the Companions of the Forest,
and Miss Jennie Chase of Village Belie Circle will
address the meeting.
Court Cosmopolitan entertained Its friends In Al
: cazar building last week.
Quite a number of the are making arrange- ;
! ments for the proper observance of the anniver
j sary of the birth of Washington. Among the num-
I ber are ourt United States of America in Oak
: land, court Russian River at GuerneviUe and
Court Tracy.
Court Elk Grove has changed Its meeting night |
to Friday. The last held meeting was addressed :
by Deputy Grand Chief Hanger at Large 11. C. i
Fisher, Joseph Korn, deputy for Elk Grove, and !
Past Chief Hanger C. O. Root of Sacramento.
Tne following are the ollicial visits for the week
ending February 22: J. S. W. Saunders, G. S. W.,
will visit Court Butte In Chico; Tuesday. J. S. W.
Saunders, G. s. W., will visit Court Sutter in Yuba
City; Wednesday, J. S. W. Saunders, G. S. W.,
; will visit Court Granite in Lincoln and John Hee- .
. nan, G. J. W.. will visit Court Mount Diablo in !
Danville; Thursday, R. B. Vellace, G. S. c. It..
: will visit Court Washington In this City, J. 8. W. i
; Saunders. G. s \\\, will visit Court Pride" of Marva
ville in Marysville, and E. L. Forster. G. J. it.,
will visit Court Stockton in Stockton; Friday, J. S.
W. Saunders, G. S. W., will visit Court Gem of]
Yuba in Smartsville, John Heenan, G. J. W., will
visit Court I'.nterprlse in this City and E. L. Fors
ster wilt visit Court Schillerin Stockton; Satur- i
day, J. S. W. Saunders, G. S. W., will visit Court
Pride of Grass Valley In Grass Valley.
Companions of the Forest, F. 0. A.
During the past two weeks Mrs. A. B. Andrews,
the grand chief companion, visited the circles of
this City, and everywhere large and appreciative
audiences greeted her.
Oakland Circle and United States of America
Circle of Oakland are making extensive prepara
tions to entertain the representatives to the Grand i
Circle, who are to meet in that city.
At a meeting held last week members of Court'
j Rose Hill took the preliminary steps to organize a
I circle of Companions of the Forest in Mountain
View. Over thirty signatures to a petition for a
; charter were secured after Thomas Sewell, P. G. C.
('., had delivered an address
At close of lust month a new circle, Silver
Gate, was instituted in San Diego by Mrs. A. B.
Andrews (v. C. C. The circle starts with liftv
charter members. The following named were the
oilicers installed: J. B. Budlong .LP. C. C., Ben
jamin Squire C. C, Mrs. J. H. Gillen S. c. C, Mrs.
R. D. Carter financial secretary. Charles W. Rust
recording secretary. J. R. Glues treasurer, Miss
Josephine Aust It. G., F. X. Wallace 1., g.. Mrs.
Mary Iteiney I. (J.. C. E. Morton O. G.. Jacob Ack
ernian. J. C. de Ferrari ami P. Hanson trustcss,
Dr. H. K. Crepln physician.
The grand officers will during the coming week
; visit Officially the following circles: Monday, a
; joint m,eetlm.. of Golden Gat? and Inter Xos cir
cles: Tuesday, a joint meeting of < olden Weal
Pride of the Forest and Presidio circles in this
City; Wednesday. Diamond Circle in Ocean View-
Friday, Hamlet Circle in Alameda.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The picnic association met last Thursday and
; appointed the various committees that are to have
; charge of getting up the picnic to be held at some
place to be designated at a future meeting. The
event will take place on Bunker Hill day, June 17.
Court Oak Grove will give a party on the 29th j
inst.
Court Bohemian Is preparing for a party to be
given during the month of April.
Court Garfield Is also preparing for a party to be
given In the near future.
The Foresters of the court and the circle of
T'kiah are working hard to make the entertain
ment to be given in thai city on the 22d Inst, a suc
cess. The ladies have enlisted Mayor Mannon in
their cause, and he is doing much to help them
along.
One of the high cour officers will attend Court
Excelsior on Tuesday, the 26th Inst., to receive
the second degree.
court Advocate in a body visited Court Robin
Hood and conferred on the members of that court
the Oriental degree. . The members of Robin Hood
were of the opinion that the degree was conferred
In a very forcible manner.
During the present term twenty-three courts
have been instituted; there has been a large gain
in membership and a corresponding increase In
finance.
Companions of the Forest, A. 0. F.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Minnie Asher vis
ited Evening Star Circle Saturday evening. Dur
ing the week she will visit Minerva and Olympla
circles in this City. On Tuesday she will pay an
official visit to the circle In Vailejo.
Yesterday a monument erected to the memory
of the late W. S. Taylor of Sherwood Circle, in
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, was unveiled by the mem
bers of the circle named with impressive cere
monies.
Oakleaf Circle gave an entertaining party In
South San Francisco last Friday night.
The general committee on the advancement of
the order w.U meet on Wednesday.
A new circle, with fifty-three names on the char
ter roll, was instituted at Cotilterville recently by
M. P. Light, G. S. C. C. A new circle is to be in
stituted at Colorado Springs, Colo.
Washington Circle gave a pleasant valentine
party last Saturday.
Enterprise Circle will give a fin de slecle party
to-morrow evening. . : >'.»: .- 
Oak Grove Circle will give a leap-year party on
the 22d inst. __!______ "•'-:""
The Chevras.
Chevra Shaar Sholam has installed the follow
ing-named officers: J. H. Coleman, president; J.
L. Abramowitz, vice-president; M. Levin, treas
urer: 1. Less, recording secretary: Dr. A. S. Tuch
ler, physician. H. Bernard, past president, was
presented a handsome gold badge In appreciation
of the services he rendered during his term. The
presentation was followed by a banquet. "
Independent Order B'nai B'rith.
The annual meeting of the B'nai B'rith Hall As
sociation was held last Wednesday, when 8487
shares out of 8580 were represented. Of this num
ber of shares 4503 are owned by the Grand Lodge,
while the remainder is held ay the several subor
dinate lodges. The following named ar • the di
rectors for the ensuing year: E. I. .Wolfe, .M.
Stein, E. Bare, Julius Platchek, B. Harris, Simon
Hochstadter, M. Marcuse, Isaac. Harris, ' Jacob
Levison, M. Mayer, H. P. Bush, Bert Kahn, Joseph
Morris, Max Heyman, Simon Baruch. J. L. Frank
lin, A. Jonas, A. Kronberg, Louis Cohen and M.
Lubliner. The directors after organizing elected
the following named as the oflicers: J. L. Frank
lin, president; Simon Baruch, vice-president;
Jacob Levison, secretary, and Benjamin Harris,
treasurer. in recognition of his faithful services
the directors continued Jonas Heimann as janitor of
the building. • - •-.
The following committees were- appointed: Fi
nance—B. Kahn, M. Marcuse, S. Hochstadter;
i hall— A. Kronberg, M. Mayer, M. Heyman; audit
ing—A. Jonas. J. Morrls,|L. Lubliner.
By a unanimous vote Louis Cohen, E. I. Wolfe
and J. Platshek I were appointed a committee to
draw up a set of resolutions and have them en-
I grossed for presentation j to the retiring president,
! M. P. stein, in recognition of the services he ren
| dered during his term of office. * ■;
The halt association has decided to expend $2000
in making alterations and i Improvements In and
about the building. The basement which was for
a time used as a j saloon ; will be converted Into a
gymnasium for the members, and the lodgerooms
I are to be made more attractive. -..- .
•California Lodge is showing a marked Increase
I In Its membership. At its last meeting it received
■ -:■■'-:■: -i -. • -.....-. ■•*
five members by affiliation, initiated several and
received live applications.
The Portland (Or.) Lodge reports rapid , Increase
In membership. .
At the recently held session of the Grand Lodge
it was decided that when the membership of a
lodge falls below ten it must affiliate with some
other lodge or surrender its charter. Silver State
Lodge of Eureka. Ner., finding that its member
; ship was decreasing by reason of the fact that
many were moving to Reno, has decided to merge
Itself into Vasaar Lodge of that city.
The Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Selvege and Grand Recoder
Wallls left this City last Tuesday to visit the
councils in the northern and eastern part of the
State. ' r • • <-....•
Tee Grand Council will meet in this City on the
14th of April. The Union Progressive councils
have secured the Native Sons' Hall for the even
ing of the 15th of the month for .the purpose of
tendering a reception to the representatives of the
Grand Council.
On the -JBth inst. the Union Progressive councils
will Rive a valentine party In Social Hall, Alcazar
Building. -
The presentation of a $3000 check to M. Hess of
Crystal Council, who has attained the age of 75,
will take place on the 26th of March. It will be a
strictly invitation affair.
Evans Council will give a whist party on the
"6th of March. ' '
Royal Arcanum.
The supreme secretary reports that during the
month of January thirteen councils were organ
ized and that the membership of the order now
reaches 174.000.
Efforts are being made to form a grand jurisdic
tion for California. The larger councils are ready,
but for lack of uniformity of expression from all
interested nothing definite can yet be said as to
results.
This order expects to gain 18,000 members dur
ing the current year. Last year but fifteen assess
ments were called mr and the officers expect, in
view of the anticipated increase in membership,
that a smaller number will be called for this year.
The order is now in its twentieth year.
Clan Fraser, 0. S. C.
At the annual meeting of Clan Fraser, O. S. C,
held a few days since, the reports presented
showed that the clan Is in a prosperous condition,
ann that there is a good amount on the credit side
of the ledger, notwithstanding the fact that a very
large amount was during the year paid out for
sick beneiits.
The amusement committee reported all arrange
ments completed for the fifth anniversary concert
and dance to be given in Scottish Hall o.i Friday,
the '21st Inst, A feature of the entertainment will
be an address by the Rev. J. Gumming smith of
Trinity Presbyterian Church on "Scotchmen in
American History."
During the meeting Chief Edward Kerr, on be
half of the clan, presented to Past Chief Thomas
Fraser a beautifully engrossed an I handsomely
framed set of resolutions expressive of apprecia
tion of his efforts during his term as chief in pro
moting the the welfare of the clan.
Independent Order Good Templars.
Grand Councilor \V. I. Hull of Santa Monica
came from the lower country to attend the quar
terly meeting of the executive council of the Grand
Lodge. • ".'-'.-
The board of trustees and lady managers of the
Home of the Good Templars for Orphans met last
Tuesday in Vailejo. The new grand treasurer was
elected a trustee vice the late Dr. Holsey. Dr.
Carpenter was re-elected physician to the home.
T. D. Kenouse, who is slowly recovering from a
severe attack of pneumonia, and Mrs. Kenouse
have resigned the positions of superintendent and
matron of the home.
Mrs. H. stone is lecturing in Tulare and Fresno
counties.
Chief Templar Webb lectured in Olivet Bethany
Church last Tuesday night.
International Lodge will hold an open meeting
and social in Mozart Hall on Market street this
eTening, and to this all who are Interested are In
vited.
Spring Valley Lodge will give a lean year party
and dance In the hall at Uniob and Octavla streets
on Wednesday night. ' t '
Fraternal Cemetery.
Now that the order prohibiting the sale of lots In
the cemeteries of this City is in force, many of the !
fraternal organizations are talking about securing
plots In San Mateo Count}-. The Ancient Order of
United Workmen and the Ancient Order of Druids
have been making inquiry as to locations in the
fraternal division of Mount olivet Cemetery and
have obtained propositions which will be sub
mitted at the next meeting of the grand body of
each of these orders.
American Legion of Honor.
Washington Council bad a very interesting time
at its last meeting. A fine programme, literary
and musical, was arranged' by the orator: remarks
on the good of the order by several present. This
council will celebrate its anniversary on its last
meeting next month.
Bohemian Council No. 261 at Its last meeting
initiated one candidate and had two new appli
cations. An able address was delivered by the
commander, Robert Fecial, several new features
are to be introduced to enliven the council and
get it up to its old-time standard for sociability.
Protection Council No. 596 was visited at Its
last meeting by Grand Secretary C. O. Burton. He
gave a short account of the acts and doings of the
las- supreme council and discoursed on other
matters of the order. Remarks followed by vari
ous members of the council. ;:..i •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T S Hooker A w, Cal O J Kennedy, Cal
NII .vinlter, Chicago FGummer, Cal
F 1-1 Steer, Philadelphia W a Heathcote, Cal
C R Ambuht, Boston L Storm, Santa Cruz
J Burgess Aw, Denver F C Nichols, Sacto
E M Tilden. Woodland J 0 Phelps, Sacto
H C Cole & w, Cal Miss N Clarkson, Cal
I.'. Harrier. Vailejo Miss M clarkson, Cal
N <• Hilton, Vailejo II Clarkson, Cal
.1 1' Koher s, San Jose E A Sanford, Nausnu
T KRgert Aw. Portland F X Dunlap, Stockton
Miss A Hull, Napa Miss L Aaron, sacto
J Johnson, Vailejo Mrs E Franklin, Sacto
J F Wells, Nevada Miss C Daviea, sacto
Mrs Holmes, Honolulu Mrs Pod more, Honolulu
Mrs C H Holm burg. Cal W «chaw, sacto
W F Bingnalds.Merced Miss N Schaw, Sacto
C B Vanderbilt, Cal H Chelen & w, csl
F W Baumgartner A w, C M Fassett, Spokane
San Jose Miss I'.mimgnrtner, Cal
S Phillips, Los Angeles M Woodward, Los Ang
V Schubert, sail Jose Miss M Neary, s Cruz
Mrs Schubert, .-an .lose Mrs It s Miller, S Cruz
II Schubert, San Jose F A Wickersham, Cal
11 Schubert, Ban Jose ■ ■ 1) G Mcßuer, St Helena
l)r A E Osborne & w.Cal H X Walcott A w, Sacto
II II Mnller.tw, Napa I)r C L Buggies, Stockton
Miss L L Barlow, Cal J Blair, Tehama ■
W W Middleroff, Cal E X Hlckley, Oakland
PALACE HOTEL. 
O B Got Stanford Mrs W T Tevls A f, Ba-
F II Brooks, N V kersfleld
J W Macy. N V AW Hallenstein.Dunedin
J P Prescott, N V Miss X X Prescott. X V
W C Wlndeger, Sydney II P ll litems, Sydney
Mrs 111' Higglns.Sydney F Riddehough, England
I, Grassland, Bradford A A Zimmerman, N V
D I', Snyder. N V Mrs Zimmerman, NY
G Tuthlli. N V E Kaufman, St Louis
X .1 de Hart, Portland Mrs de Hart, Portland
H P McLean, NwOrleans Mrs McLean.Nw Orleans
L Kahn, oakdale AW Treadway, Dubuque
Mrs I read way, Dubuque E G Sproul, Tacoma .'
W A Douglass, N V J H Carpenter. Madison
A T Beyley, Chicago C E Boyle, Memphis
L W Burns, Santa Rosa W H Lamb. Santa Cruz
N X Bigelow. N V E II McCaffrey, N V
S E Vernon, NY GO Kimball, Bed Bluff
BALDWIN HOTEL.
O R McDonald, Stockton H N Emerson, Centervlle
Dr C a Hauber, Cal M Bismuard, Oakland
T F Boss, Sacramento ii G Engle, N V *
it P Los Angeles It B Stove, San Jose
T I! smith. Los Angeles PII Bemlllard, Oakland
I- S Hurst, Cal E F Harris, Cal
O H Close, Stockton sSGreenlan <kw,Ramona
W P Phillips.NewZealndll Esdohs, Chicago
M .1 Ashroff. San Diego Miss Ashroff, San Diego
J s Depaulp, Kern Tll White, Trinity ;
Mrs J F Smith, LAngeles R C Dale, Bakersfield
E.I Caldwell, < al PA Rix, Sail Lake
E J Goldsmith, Conn .W F Boninson Aw, Cal
NEW WESTEKN HOTEL.
C P Cole, Oakland F s Kirk. Sacramento
J 11 Thompson, Cal J Hennessy. Nevada City
J Hessler, Benicia C P Jones, Stockton I
8 Brown, Alameda R C Coleman, Boston
F Machado, -an Pablo If Williams, San Pablo
Gill. Denver • .:■ J Gallagher, Boston
B Kerevan, Vailejo . II A Parry, Vailejo
J B Robeson, Stockton Q Murry &w, Napa •
II X Taylor, Crockett ,":,./.-
W. ATIIKR BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture, Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Feb
ruary 16,1896,5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast: - " * ,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 24.73. last season 31.60: Red Bluff
13.83, last season 24.37; San Francisco 12.42, last
season 21.69: Fresno 4.09, last season 11.18; San
Luis Obispo, 12.25. last season 22.40: Los Angeles
6.91, las; season 11.67; San Diego 2.82, last season
10.16; I'uma .46. last season 2.99. ■■■• .'.-•■■
The following maximum tempera' urea are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
64, > resuo 68, Los Angeles 88, Red Bluff 70, Inde
pendence 66, San Diego 78, ban Francisco 68, San
Luis Obispo 82. Yuma 84.
• San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 48, mean 58. There was no rainfall
during tne nast 24 hours.
The pressure is .unusually high this evening
along the coast of Washington and still Increasing.
It is lowest In Northeastern Montana, where a mod
erate storm la now central. Clear, warm weather
still continues south of Oregon.. The temperatures
in Southern California were between 80 and 90 de
grees to-day, and in the interior valleys of northern
California it was between 65 and 70 degrees. : Th*
high pressure now on the Washington coast, will
probably cause cooler weather throughout Califor
nia Monday night, but as yet there are no indica
tions that it will be cold enough to cause frosts. .'■
Forecast mane at San - Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 17, 1896.
Northern California— Fair Monday; probably
cooler Monday night; fresh northerly winds, brisk
to high on the" northern coast, diminishing Monday
afternoon. •
Southern California— Monday; light north
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday; cooler 'In ' the extreme
north portion: generally cooler Monday night. '.
Utah— Cloudy Monday; cooler Monday night.
Arizona— Fair Monday. - ■. ' ...■•■
San Francisco • and vicinity— Monday; light
to fresh northerly winds. ,
> W. H. li am iiu.n Forecast Official.
Explanation.
«^-,i* nr? w flle,wlth the wlnd- The top figures
at station indlca.e maximum temperature for the
J.fln'fiii £** underneath It. if any. the amount of
ralmall, of mclt *' snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure- iso
therms or dotted linos, equal temperature. The
word -high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers 10 low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains
eJfX'Z «-L S" a ',5[ flr,,t »PP«* on the Washington
Snn i«J hru U L P ref»'re is high in the interior
and low along J he coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "'"' Is inclosed with Isobars of
Sml «M Ui vatu. IJ*\., a,n south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ihe vicinitvof Idaho, and
the pressure failing to the California coast, warmer
weather may he expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
rill produce an opposite result.
• —■* —■»-
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1896.
Su. M.l
TiT
Tu. \V.|Th.|
_L-
-4 5 6
|11 12 13
18 19 !20
25 26 127 i
I Fr. Ha.
! ; ' Moon's Phases.
©lj&al Quarter.
1 February 5.
7 j 8 — — ■
fSeh New Moon,
"i etv* February j3.
14 ! 16
. I <■"?> First Quarter
V^Fcbruary 21.
21 I 22 —
' |a Full Moon.
February 28.
i 28 ! 29 I
0 10 j
16
16 17 |
23 I 24 !
OCEAN STEAMERS.
I>Rtp« o' Departure Irom San '■nnri.co,
JSTKAMKK. | DKSTIV \ riOV
SAir.^i.
PIER.
bt Pau1...... I Newport |Febl7. 9am Pier
Del Korte .. j Grays HarDor. I'ebl7. 3pm ...
Farniion — i laaulnaßav.. FeblB.]()AM Pier 2
*r»«o : Coos tiav „ Feb 1H.1()a« Pier IS
Queen I'orllana Keblb.llMu I'ior 24
/(■iiliuxlia..., Panama FeblB.l2M PMSS
roint j/imn. Grays Harbor. !•'(>(> 19, ! Pier '2
Corona .. San Diego FeblO.llAU Pier 11.
CitrPuebla.. : Vie & I'gt Una Keb 19. 9am Pier 9
Pomona H bold ßay , Keb 19. 2fm Pier 9
Honmr Coos Bay; JTeblf). spm Oceanic
San Juan.... On America.. ' Feb20,12« I'M S
Eureka ; NewDOr: Feb'Jl, Sjau Pier 11
State of Cai- Portland Keb'23.lOAM Pier 21
PfintaKosa.. San Dleco Feb 23. 11 am Pierli
>.;iH Walla VlcAJctSnd Kr-b '.'4. Ham Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
KAMKC |
KKOM
I JJms
Progressist Comox
feral lon ......'.. Vaoulna Bay ...
Willamette Portland
Mexico San JJteco
City of Rvercti ! Departure Bay
i'olnt JiOmt,..., iiirays Harbor.
Corona iHumooidt Bay .."."
Willamette Vai. ! Mexico...... ....
City of Peking.. ' China A Japan ......
Crescent City... Cregcenc Clly_
Homer I oos h>v ]
Kureka Newport.....'
(•ieo Rider.... Portland .'
San Bern to lacoma ...11l
Prosrreso Seattle ....".
■Walla Walla — Victoria A Pages souna
Rtatßof c»i , rortlana
Santa Koaa. San Diego !I"JIII I
North Fort flumboldt ii'si?'.'. .'.'...'.'.'. !
Kmplro Portland.. .'... !
romnnn. Humbordl Bay i
Aratro j Coos Bay I
f 'am ; Newport.
San Jose.. eanama. '.'...'.'.'.'..'.'.". !
..Peb 17
I ..Fat 17
,1-eb 17
j Ker> 17
..Feb J7
j..KeD 17
|..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feb 18
; ..Feb 18
! ..Feh 18
..Feb 19
i ..Feb 19
..Feb 30
..Feb '20
: ..FeD '_'()
; . Feb 'JO
I ..Feb 21
| ..Feb Ua
..Feb M
..Feb -Z-l
! ..Fei> 23
i ..Feb 23
..Fen 23
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. B. Coast a\i) Qkohbtic Survey 1 inn)
Bulletin- PfBT.ISHKn by Official V
AUTHORITY OF THE SUPERIXTKN'DRXT. J
Monday, Feb. 17. • I Monday, Feb. if.
rises 6.57 1 Sunsets. s.w
February— lß9o.
|l!E?! Feet Feet : lif^l Fe 8 tl Tlme | Feet
!h.w l w h w| ir"w
;
9
1
i 2.10 4.6 8.12: I.H sJ.HO 3lB| 7.521 l.il
, 2.29 4.71 M.51 1.1 i 3.11) 3.X 1 8.20 I 6
I ?.51 4.8 9.44 0.8 4.19 3.0 8.53 2 1
i 8.30 4.8 10.44 0.5 6.31 2-9 9.30 2 5
! 4.01 4.8 11.50 o.'-> 7.47 2.9 10.21 2.9
I 4.56 4.8 12.55-0.2 8.68 3.2 11.39 30
: 6.04 5.0 1.55 -0.0 9.42 ! 3.5
L W Feet II W Feet L \V Feet H W Feet,
I 1.011 3.0; 7.15 6.2 2.48 -0.9 ll».17 ! 3.9
. Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides or the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second tim»
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on ; the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
J... . SUNDAY. February 16.
• Br stmr Monowai, Carey, 27 days 7 hours from
Sydney, via Honolulu 7 days 13 hours; pass and
mdse. to J D Spreekels <fc Bros Co.
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen. 45 hours from New
port: ballast, to Collar 1 A Dodse.
stmr Del Norte, siockfletti, 90 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co. ' , • *
. Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg
pass and nidse, to J s Kimball.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 44 hours from Hueneme
produce, to Erlanger A Galinger.
Stmr Alcatraz, Dettmers. 16 hours from Cleone
r r ties a..d piles, to LE Wh Lumber Co.
WBrJ ship Ellesmers. Beeching, 162 days from
Dundee via South Shields 136 days; mdse, to
Balfour. Guthrie A Co. '•• lo
Br ship Celtic Race, Owen. 122 days from New
castle, Eng; mdse, to Mever. Wilson Jt Co
Br ship Rohy. Oakley. 129 days from Liverpool
mdse. to .1 D spreekels & Bros Co.
t schr Monterey, Beck, 18 hours from Bowens
Landing: 165 M ft lumber. F Hey wood.
Schr Transit,' Jorgensen, 17 dais from Honolulu:
sugar, to Williams, Diamond A Co. m " OUOIUIu '
Z_' \>J?-.'^X". Sailed.
SUNDAY. February 16,
U S stmr Adams. Norton, cruise.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen. Eureka.
• Stmr Geo Loomla, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Chamnerico.
Br ship Lamorna. Crlchton. Hull.
Br ship Drumlanrig. Farren. Cape Town.
Ship Henry Vlllard. Patten, Hilo.
Ship Dashing Wave, Morehouse. Tacoma.
Bark Germanla, Peerson. New Whatcom.
Schr Etta B, Madsen, Fort Ross.
Schr W h Talbot, Blutim, Vancouver.
Schr Ralph J long, Jansen . Siuslaw River.
Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, Seattle.
Schr Christina steffens, Nordling.
Schr Reliance, Jansen, Flsks Mill.
Schr Gotama. Brissem. ..;•;:
;-; l i. '■'", Telegraphic
POINT LOBOS- Februarv 16-10 r v- Weather
clear, wind NW; vel ocity 6 miles.
Spoken.
Per Roby— Oct 16. Br bark Craig Winnie, from
Liverpool for Port Natal.
Oct 19-4 i 29 N, 18 13 W. Br bark Cumbrean.
from Liverpool for Adelaide. .
Oct 23—40 N. 21 39 W, Br bark Canmore, from
Newport for Rosnrio.
Nov 2—16 3 N, 26 10 W.Br shin Carnarvonshire,
from Cardiff for Montevideo.
Nov 6—7 21 N, 24 24 W, Sierra Ventana, from
Liverpool for Rangoon. :
Nov 6—7 21 N, 24 24 W. Br ship Euphrosyne,
from Cardiff for Gulf of California.
Nov B—4 43 N, 25 2 W, tier bark showing signal
letters S D B H, hound to Bremen. . .
Dec IB— S. 63 36 W, Br bark Moel Ellien.from
Mayport for Valparaiso.
Dec 28—50 SOS, 85 10 W, Br ship Zuleika, from
Leith bound homeward. ■ ■ .
Domestic Ports.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Empire, hnce
Feb 10.
sailed Feb -16— Ger shlp.Flottbek and Br ship
Cambrian King, for Queenstown.
MENDOCINO- Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Feb 16.
&?v..->.^-t. --.--: -• ■--......-■.;.-:-.::.:..-. .'■'.■: .-...:. '..■
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 15— Schr Comet, for
Puget Sou rid.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 16— Stmra Homer and
South Coast, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 16— ship St
John, irom New York.
ECREKA— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Corona, hence
Feb 15.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Sunol.for
San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 16— Sclir Ma
rion, hence Feb 7: schr American Girl, line Feb 1.
TATOOSH— Passed In Feb 16-Bark Guardian,
from Callao: schr Puritan, hence Feb 1 for Vic
toria. , >-■:..■_-■. ...'*'..-.;
Passed out Feb 16— Stmr Mineola, from Comox
for Port Los Angeles.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Feb 16— BarkWitna,
hence Feb 4 lor Nanaimo.
Foreign Port*.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived Jan 11— Bark Caronde
let, from Port Gamble.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 31— Bark Sonoma, from
Port Blakelev.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Dec 31— Br bark
Principality, for Oregon. Jan 9— Br bark Doxford.
for Oregon.
In port Jan Ship E F Sargent. Nor bark For
tuna. Haw bark Leah! ana bark Melrose, all for
Honolulu: Br ship Celtic Monarch. Br ship Baa
crn Monarch. Br ship Lock Broom, Br ship Reun
ite and Br shin Sir Robert Ferula, all for sun Fran
cisco.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Bark Ca
rondelet, Nic bark Dominion, bark Highland
Light, Br ship lverna. schr Lizzie Vance. Br bark
Mowen, barks Oregon and Palmyra, Br snip Port
Caledonia, all for San Francisco: Br bark Cloch,
Br bark Clydesdale and Br ship Hartfleld, all for
Oregon: Br bark Carrola, barks Sea King and So
noma, for Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb — Bark Nonantum,
from Newcastle, NSW. 2— Br schr Boreal, s. from
Victoria: bktn Irmgard. from Newcastle, NSW:
ship W F Babcock. hence Jan 4. 3— Bktn W II
Dimond. hence Jan 9: bark Coryphene, from New
castle. NSW: Br stmr Coptic, hence Jan 28. 4—
Schr Spokane, from Port Townsend. s— Bark SO
Allen, hence Jan 17. 7 — Haw stmr Kahului, from
Newcastle. NSW: lirstmr Monowal, from Sydney,
ship Indiana, from Guaymas. B— Brig W G Irwin,
hence Jan 22.
Sailed Feb I— Schr WUlard Ainsworth. for Yoko
hama. 3— Br schr Borealis, for Yokohama; bark
Ceylon, for San Francisoc. 4— Br stmr Coptic, for
Yokohama: Haw bark Rosalie, for Fort Townsend.
6— Bark Albert, for San Francisco. 7— TJ S stmr
Boston, for Yokohama: ship Reaper.for New York.
HONOIPU— Arrived Feb 3—^.chr John <i North,
hence Jan 9.
KA lie LIT- Arrived Feb 3-Brig J D Spreekels,
hence Jan 8.
Movements of Tram- Atlantic Stenmeri
NEW YORK- Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Etruria,.
from Liverpool; sinir Prussia, from Hamburg.
Arrived out Feb 16— Stmr La Tonraine. from
Havre.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 16-StmrCampauia
for New York.
MOVILLE— sailed Feb 16— Stmr Furnessla, for
New York.
importation's.
SYDNEY— Per Monowai— 3Bß bis kapok, 2365
Ingots tin, 103 bis skins, 209 bis wool. 45 cs nidse.
Auckland— lo skscoffee, 10 bis rabbit skins, 125
bis wool. 5 cs garlic, 11 pkgs nidse.
Apia— s bgs tonga,3 cs alligator pears, pigeons,
3 pkgs nidse.
Honolulu— 434s bgs sugar. 2 pkgs mdse, 41 cs
2775 bnchs bananas, 83 cs pines.
' FORT BRAGG— Per Novo— 5 empties, 1 bx rub
ber goods, 1 b.x drugs, I 2mpty tank, 3 bills bides.
247.819 ft lumber, 1 box lard, 1 cs mdse, 1 keg
kumniel.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Norte— pkgs
shooks, 309 If ft lumber.
Consignee*.
Par Monowai— Weils. Fargo A Co: G Hermann;
J D Spreekels & Bros Co: Balfour, Guthrie A Co; J
G silva: Cox Seed and Plant Co; Allen & Lewis: C
X Heisse; Gould A Jaudin; Garcia <£ Mairgint; or
der; Williams. Dimond & Co; Wetmore Bros; ICutz
A Co: L G Sresovich A Co: Parrott A Co: M Leon
Driver; Deere Imp Co: W Scott: J Wightman
Jr: Chiuda& Flack: CD Bunker: R Tucker.
Per Novo — Mack it Co; Goodvear Rubber Co:
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
Standard Oil Co: W B Sumner A Co; Both & Co;
Union Lumber Co; J 8 Kimball; W Davis A Son.
Per Del Norte— Western Basket Mfg Co; EX
Wood Lumber Co.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
-TO
VICTORIA, B. Cm and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class £50.00
Beooud. Clasf3...ss-00
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Jew Montgomery Street.
OOODALL, PERKINS* CO.,
General Agents.
. O. 3FSL- dS3 3>y.
ASTORIA M PORTLAND.
$2.50 tend Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails February 18 and 28
State of California sails.. February 23 and March 4
From Spear-fit. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
UOODALL, PERKINB A CO., Gen!. Snpts.
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
OTRAMF.RS WILL HAIL PROM _>_»
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as -SSkSM?
follows:
For .Mary Island, Loring, W range',. Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at » a. m.. Fen. 14, 29,
March 15, 30.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and Np-v
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it.
leb. 4, 9. 14. 19, 24. _"<}. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. R.. at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Por: Townsend with
Alaska steamers. : v.\-.
For Eureka. Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) sir.- Pomona, 2 p. _ F- h. 3. 7. 11, 15,
19, 23. 27. and every- .ourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, san Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San I'pdro, Fast San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. _ Fab.
1,5. 9. 13, 17,21, 25,29, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Pan Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. v., Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Par., Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New . Montgomery
street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agenta
.;:;".". f> ;-.v.V S~ss -"4 •'■-.■ 10 Market at., San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPACT.
■-'■■ .'■■' Coolgnrdie gold fleldi
,^<3»*_To *JB_ (Freemantle). Austra-
Mr^&Unilw*- lla: * 220 Crit cla »>.
AEff<y nvMf^! I il U» $110 steerage. Lowest
igly y* rates to Capetown,
SCoolgardte gold field?
(Freemantle). Austra-
lia: 9220 tint clasv
. $110 steerage. Lowest
rates to Capetown,
Australian steamer,
Bteatnahtp Australia,
day, Murcli lb! at 10
■-'pfciat. I'ahtiks.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and A'
Ticket Office, 111 Montgomery s'reet.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKEL.S & BKOS. CO.,
General Agents.
__________
COMPACNIE GENERAL TKAJSATLAniIfI
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH Mrgfai
River, fool of Morton st. - Travelers by _£E3t3_!
this line avoid both transit oy English railway .i.,»i
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $116."
LA BOURGOGNK, Capt. Leboenf
• :.::..:..:..:. ;..... Feb. 29, 1 p. m
LA NORMANDIK, Capt. Deloncle
••'• • March 7, 6 a. m
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon .. ......
• •"•' ....March 14, '10 a. m
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
...... ........'. March 21, 8 a. m
JOT" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI « CO., Agents, 5 A.outgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >£-*»_
_ fortnightly for the West Indies and •*U_2«a
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th*
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
are to direct ports In England and Germany. ,
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thirl
fiUss, f97 M. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents,
■ ' 306 California at.
YALLEJO. MARE ISLAND, 'BENICIA, PORT
COSTA AM CROCKETT. ■ ■
- STR. MOXTIOELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. m.
- and 4 P. M. ; Saturday, 12:30 noon;
Sunday — p.m.
*4 P. M. only.
Lauding, Mission 1, Pier i.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS. _^
LOW RATES BY RAIL
TO
jSIfMJEIJi'S !^MSI 3fllgl|s£ -T^^y^r
TUESDAY... .....FEBRUARY IS,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry ling, foot
of Market St., at 8:03 P. m.
.»._ — Including Berth in Pullman TourUt
$7,50 Beeper.
W ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In Q* ] X.Oft
Pullman Standard sleeper, «*P-^ 1 -' —
SPECIAL MOTION.
This train will not stop to deliver or take pi-
senders at intermediate stations, nor will tickets bJ)
sold'or baggage checked to such points.
? gar Through Tickets for Paget .Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Rates.
For further information ply at
613 MARKET STREET ('.rani Hotel
Ticket Office), ban Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. 11. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic M^r. Gen. Pass. Agt
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
HOUTSKBN PACIFIC COWPAXT.
ll'AllMC nisi KM..
Train* lesre "t««l are due •«» arrt«i at
SAX FII.tMIMO.
I.KAVK — Ff.OM NOVEMDER 20,' 1805. —"' ■ ARRIVE
6:30.\ Haywardi. Silci and Way Stations.. I® I ***
7i«Oa Atlantic Exprejs, Ogden and Fast.. 3:4.1»
TiOOa Benici.i, VacaTil.'e. Kurr.sty. Sacra-
mento, and Redding v i.a Davis .... <1 1 a
7:3« a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
togi and Santa Los* 6: lap
8:SOa Kites, Han .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MarYSville, Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Gro'ille l:l»p
**:30a Peters and Wilton "7:15r
il:OO.v San Leandro, Haywards & Wry St'ns 1 1 :43a
. »:o«a Los Angcl'.-s Express, Raymond, '
(for Ycsemlte). Hants, Barbara
and Los Angeles 4:4JJF
0:OOa Martinez and Stockton.... 10:43 a
10:OG\ Sau Leapdro, Ildjwardsnnd Ndss . 1:43p
12:OOn San Leandro. Haywards A AVav St'us 2: l~i>
!::»<» Niles, SanJosoand Urermore ' "'l*
•I:OOr Sacramento River Stc.ini* rs •u-.oor
tl:S»p Port Costa and Way Stations 17:13p
!l:OOp Ran L. anoTo, UaywardsA Wsyßt'iu •">= L">p
- 4:00p San Leaodro, Hayvrjrds t f.t'rs C:43»
CtAOp Mcrtiiicz, San Ramon, Vailejo.
Napa. Calistnga, El Veranc and
Santa l'.os:i VilSa
41 too* Ecnlc..'. Esparto, Woodland,
- Knights Lauding, SlarysTillo,
* Irovillu and Sacramento lO:4S*
4tB#eNiie.. Ban Jose, Liveiraoro and
Stockton 7:l-1r
«:«>0 Ran Le mdrc, Hajnvards & V/cy St'us t»:43»'
3:SOp Ne-.y Crleaos I'lxpred.Fresno.Bakcrs-
licl.l. Santa Curhara.Lns Angeles,
Dcrolug, El Paso, .lew Orleans »nd
East 10543 a
3:30r Santa Fu Route, Atlantic F.xrres«
for Mojave and Last 1«-.I."Ja.
6:o«c European Mail, Ojdon and Latt.... f):r."ia
6:0(»i> liayivardn. Nil. sand Kan .lose 7:1.1 a,
J7:«» I- Vailejo 17: »3p
7:OOi- Oregon Express, Sacramento, JMarys-
villo. Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and Fast 10:4.1*
7:00p Sau Leandro, Ilaywaidsfc Way St'i.s 10:30p
9:<>4»p San L<v.:.dro.lLij watdsfcWay St i » tt ISsMtft
«I10;03p "Sunset LiaiStcd,'.' Fresno, Ix^3
Ansel'- a. El Paso, New Orleans
andiiut «r*»-13p
ft 18:13.' 3an Leandro Hay wards k Wnv St'nt 7:134,
SAKTA CItPZ DIVISION ffarron (langf).
m:lsa Centervilln^taiiJoso.Feltcni,
BouldcrCreek.SantaCruzand Way
Stations RiSOs
*8:l3p Newark. ContcrTillc. Ban Jose, New
Almaden, I • II ■■ Rouldcr Cr.-ck,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations • I t:2<>4
4:ir>e Newark. San .h«e and Los Catns. ... 9:.13 a
i11:43p Hunters' Excursion- San Jceo and
Wey Htacio-'S t7:2op
COAST IU VISION ( 'ililril A '1.-i-.tiM Sis.)
«:43a San .lose an-l Way Ktatii ua (New
Alsrisdcu Wednesdays 0n1y),..,... 1:4
■il.l* .Ion*;, Tres I'u... f«. Kant.i (.'nut,
Paoiua dove. Paso Rubier, Han
Luis OhTspo. Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Htatldiia 7:0.1p
10:lO\ Man Josu and Wey Stations 9:O0p
I 1:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations. ;t:3oi
"2::;<(e .sun .lose, Gilrny, Tres Finos. Santa
Crux, Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
(Jrovo *IO: a
•:t-.:s«»r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations U:1~a
*4:30r San Jose Way Ktiit.ions • m :«>Ga
!»:S(>i' San .lose nnd Way Si. a ions •»:4S a
0:301- BanJoneand Way Stations <i:33.%
♦ ll:«ae S.-'i '■■■■ i.ii.l Way Si ;l (i..in i7:4.1>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SXK FRUCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
»7:1» 9:00 )1:00A.U. 11:20 *2:0" 13:01
"1:30 10:00 *6:00 p.m.
From OASIaSC— Foot of Broadway.— TOO 8-09
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *1:00 ?5:00 *3:CO ti:00
'3:o3i'.M.
A for Morning; P for A rtemoon
• Sundays excepted - 1 Saturday* only.
1 Sunday* only,
Monday. Thursday aud Saturday nights only.
, TTnesdays and Saturdays Chundays and Thurxdsi^
SIX FRAaCISCO & tVORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tihuion Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:4O, "9720, 11:00 a.m.- 1"-?*
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trim
at 11:30 p. M. , Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:5 )
and 11:30 p. m.
SONDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:80, 3:3 a
5:00, 6:2i)r. M.
San Itafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a v .
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip's'
at 1:5.) p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAY 9:40, 11:10 A. M.: 1:40. 3:40.
6:00,8:25 p.m. ' ?■'"'-
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
Leave I T „ c -.-. ~ Arrive '
San Fraucisco. | Oct. 28." San Francisco.
Day». j ..ays. i^stn.aiK^. ]paY! , j Week"
Days. | days, destination. pays. | Days.
7:40 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am) 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 10:30 AM
5:10 I'M 5:00 I'M Santa P.osa. j 7:30 pm 6:15 ru
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
I Healdsburg,
IGeyservilre,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pw
Ii- • ta, t
•.<--";: ' Hopland A
8:00 am I kiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am _ . 10:30 am"
,8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:30 pm
.3:30 tm j . 6:15 pm
7:40 am|8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
5:10 pm 5.00 pm ami 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I i Glen Ellen. !
7:40 am 8:00 am bastono , ,10:40 am 10:30 am
3:30 pm 1 5:00 hm bebastopol - | 6:0.-, pm| 6:15 pm
States connect at San Rafael for Botlnaa.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at t'kiah for Vichy Springs, Bl.ie
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Roonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort BraKK, Usal, Westport,
Cahto. Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Sco.i .
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. k- — ' •
! On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rales.
Ticket Otiices. «50 Market St., Chronic'e building
H.C. WHITING, R. x. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "^^^>
■ Pacific, j^^^ft
RAILROAD 'i^^'^^^y^
Trains leave from and arrive '»^'rx'^ "^JtS^J
at Market-Street Ferry. <f^?s«^^O^rM
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lints
leaves every day at 3:30 P. M., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chlcaso
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars fe.
Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: Interesting scenery}
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnlnj*
cars.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
CLronicic Buil'.i'.ns.
KOFiTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Kerry).
From San Fraucisco, beginning October 27, 1893
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— 7:3o. 915, 11-011
A.M.; 1:45. 3:45, 5:15. 6:MO p.m.
San Quentln— 7:3o, 9:15 A. m.: 1:45, 5:15 p m
Extra trips lor.San Hanoi on Mondays, W«Jus*>
days and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quen-ln—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:30. 3:00, 4:30 '•B-ia
P.M. 'Does not run to San Quentln '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 A. m. weekdays-Cazadero and way stations
jgp I: m: axv^^jgnyysy^
Stockton STEAMED ~
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington 3%
At 5 P.. M, DtUly, Except Suiulav7
SO- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone."
SXUAMKK,:
T. C. Walker. J D P«t.^.
Mary v Gar, ' y cit?of «t«-i:*Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
AWFUL DEATH
AT BERKELEY.
_
Young Girl Crushed Under
the Wheels of a
Local Train.
WAS KILLED INSTANTLY.
The Wheels Passed Over Her
Neck and Severed the Head )
From the Body.
THERE WAS BUT ONE WITNESS.
Little May Quill the Victim— The
Train Went on to the Next Sta
tion—Who Is to Blame ?
BERKFLEY, Cal., Feb. 16.— May Quill,
a girl of 13 years, who lives with Mrs.
Michael J. Powell at the corner of Matee
avenue and Allsfcon way, Berkeley, was
instantly killed by the 7 o'clock" south
bound local train this evening while at
tempting to alight from it near Dwight
way station. The wheels passed over her
head, completely severing it from her
body and crushing it beyond all descrip
tion. No other injuries to her body were
sustained save a few bruises. Her cloth
ing was not even tattered.
There were no eye-witnesses to the tragic
death, so far as can be ascertained save
Sadie Miller, a young girl who also lives
with Mrs. Powell, and who was in company
with the unfortunate girl when the acci
dent took place.
Some friends of Mrs. Powell had come
over from San Francisco to spend the day
in Berkeley, and when they were about to
leave May Quill and Sadie Miller asked if
they could accompany the callers to the
locaL Leave was granted, and as they de
parted for the train Mrs. Powell admon
ished them to take care and return home
before it got too dark. With a fond em
brace she bid farewell to the children as
they went tripping merrily up the street
toward Berkeley station. This was the
last she heard of them, until the news of
May's death came to her. Instead of re
turning at once, the two girls boarded the
train and rede to Dwight way. It was
when they were attempting to alight that
the accident took place.
Sadie states that she saw May when she
was killed. On account of her extreme
excitement Miss Miller seemed unable to
givea clear statement as to how it occurred.
She says that she and May had ridden to
Dwicht way and that she herself got off all
right. So great was her confusion that
she could not state whether May had
made any attempt to alight before the
train started or whether she herself got off
while the train was at a standstill or was
moving. About ail she could say was "I '
pot off all right, but-poor May didn't." |
Conductor Chris Luttrell, who wastlin
harge of the train at the time of the acci
dent, said: -
"I knew nothing of the accident until
we had nearly reached Ashby. avenue, the
next station beyond Dwight way, when a
boy came running through the car and
told me that some one was injured. I
stopped the train and told the engineer to
back up until we were within seventy-five
or eighty feet of where the body lay. 1
left the brakeman there in charge of the
remains and then went on to the mole.
The boy who told me of the accident said
that the girl who was killed was standing
on the lower .step of the car when the
train started, and remained there until
well under way. The boy said that he
asked her why she did not get off, to which
she responded, 'I don have to.' I saw :
the girl standing in the train talking to j
her friends during our run from Berkeley
station to DwightTway, but had no knowl- i
edge of whether she got off until after the ;
occurrence of the accident.
"As to the report that the train was late
and That we did not stop at Dwight way
the usual length of time, I will state that
that there is no truth in it. I can swear
that at least seventy-five or eighty people
got on at that station, and every one had
ample time to get on or off. The crowd
wp.s unusually large, and special precau
tion was taken on that account. I was
standing on one side of the train and the
brakeman on the other when the engineer
was signaled togo ahead. That every one
bad ample time 1 am positively certain."
Brakeman Aldrich, who was left in
charge of the body after the train had
backed up, stated that he had no knowl
edge of how the accident took place, and
that so far as he was able to learn from
what people said, it was purely accidental
and due to carelessness, on the part of the
girl.
One statement is to the effect that the
dead girl had left a package on tbe train
and was returning to get it when the train
s'artcd and in her effort to jump off was
thrown beneath the wheels.
• This report is not credited, however, as
the package alluded to has not been found.
There are several conflicting statements
with regard to the case. ' Some say that
the train did not stop long enough to ad
mit of every one setting off, while others
state that ample time was given. It is the
general supposition that the girl was at
tempting to see how long she could stay
on the moving train and yet get off sately.
The point where the accident occurred
was about half-way between Blake and
Parker streets, or about 500 feet from
Dwightway Station. The roadbed is per
fectly smooth at this point, showing that
the girl must have slipped off the steps or
between the steps of the two cars. A lit
tle farther down the track there is an.era
bankment on either side, which would
have had a tendency to throw her beneath
the wheels had the accident occurred in
that vicinity. The body lay apparently in
the very same position in which it had
fallen, as the clothing was only slightly
disheveled and no limbs were fractured.
There was no scattering of crushed parts
of the head farther than two or three feet,
and her life-blood lay in '-'a pool between
the heavy rails. ' -•
The dead girl's father, who Keeps a gro
cery at the corner of Twenty-sixth and
Alabama streets, San Francisco, was at
once notified of the accident, but up till a
late hour to-night had not arrived. Her
mother is not living and she was the only
daughter. She was- living with Mrs. Pow
ell and attending St. Joseph's Convent in
West Berkeley.
She had been living in Berkeley only
since July, and pass' her .thirteenth
birthday last September. - An inquest will
be held over the remains to-morrow morn
ing.
gled at the Asylum.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— Edward
Hubbard Campbell died ,at -Napa asylum
to-day. For many vcars "Ned. Campbell
was known in this city as proprietor of tbe
Dingo saloon.. He was an active member
of the hlks and A. 0. U. W. till more than
a year ago, when his mind gave way and
he was committed to Napa. He was 41
years of age and leaves a widow and family.
Thrown in the. Air. .
, OAKLAND, Cal.,- Feb.: 16.-James
Mooney was struck at Twenty-third ave
nue this afternoon by a San Jose local,
the engine struck him in the ribs and
threw him into the air and he alighted on
his head. He was badly cut, and at the
Keceivmg.Hospital, where his wounds were
dressea, it was not thought that his in
juries are dangerous, w-;";:
DEMANDED SPEECHES.
The Audience at Morosco's Give a
Housing "Good-By" to Brinker
and Miss Hall.
H. Coulter Brinker and Maud Edna
Hall closed long engagements at Moros
co's Grand Opera-house last night. Miss
Hall has played the part of the lovely
heroine, and Mr. Brkiker has been the
manly and magnanimous hero so success
fully that they have won warm aces in
the • hearts of Mr. Morosco's clientele.
Knowing that it was Brinker's last ap
pearance, the audience would not let him
slay dead last night after he was killed in
the second act. . . ' ■; '•;£"£:. ■-"■" : i: .' •
. From all over the house came cries for a
speech. The cries became a roar, and the
curtain had to go up. Mr. Brinker made
an effective little farewell talk, though his
usually clear voice could hardly be heard
at first. He was greeted with cheers and
cries of "good-by" and "good luck" as the
curtain fell.|g__aß
A similar ovation was tendered Miss
Hall in her last scene. She could respond
only by pretty bows and kisses thrown
from from her finger tips.
STILL DIGGING FOR GOLD
Four Men Have Obtained Per
mission to Prospect
Certain Lands.
The Last Place Worked. Over Is
Near the Jute Mills in
East Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 16. (
Under an old oak tree near the jute
mills in East Oakland four men have been
digging for more than a- week. They
sank a shaft about four feet square and
twenty feet deep. An old well-digging
derrick was used, to hoist out the earth
after hand labor failed, and the scene
looked like business, as severaljpeople were
attracted to the neighborhood and began
to sink holes for themselves.
For some time there has been a quartet
of men going about the city digging on
unfrequented spots for hidden treasure.
A few weeks ago they were at work in
West Oakland in the yard of a house
where a young Italian was found dead last
Wednesday. A little later they appeared
at the cotton mill at Twenty-third avenue,
but failed to discover anything. Their
last place was at' the base of an old oak
tree near the jute mills. The three elder
men claim that they are from New York,
where they received information leading |
them to believe they would find hidden
fortunes in Oakland. They came out and
secured the assistance of a man in Ala
meda, who pilots them around.
J. H. Macdonald knows something about
the treasure-seeking operations, although
he smiles when asked about the treasure.
The land which the seekers work on is
owned by San Francisco parties and Mr.
Macdonald is agent for the property. For I
a year or more the men have been digging
surreptitiously and at night. In the morn
ing big holes would be found in the earth,
but no diggers could be seen. Twice their
operations were so extensive that large oak
trees were uprooted. A short time ago
one of the men, named Cunningham, came
to Mr. Macdonald and secured permission
to dig, since which time the work has been
prosecuted io the daytime.
The story behind the search for buried
treasure is the old one which has so often
started credulous people forth with their
picks and shovels to make excavations in
ail kinds of places. It is said that the
treasure was the booty of a couple of
pirates, or at least of robbery, and that it
was buried. Afterwards one" of the two
was killed and the other imprisoned, and
while in prison he confided to a cellmate
the story of the gold. It seems probable
that the old pirate story will stimulate
occasional treasure-digging in Oakland for
a score of years to come. ; ,~?
"ORDER OF BONBONS."
A Novel Entertainment to Be
r Given by the Encinal City
Society Ladies.
Alameda City Officials Wind Up the
City Hall Festivities With
a Banquet.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 16.— Some of the
leading ladies of Alameda are getting up a
unique entertainment. They are mem
bers of Unity Circle, a society connected
with the Unitarian Church, and their show
will take place Tuesday evening at Armory
•Hall. It is called "an open meeting of the
influential order of bonbons," and will be
a travesty on an initiatory session of a se
cret society. • The ladies are to appear.in
chocolate-colored faces, and are to be pre
sided over by a '.'worthy high caramel."
They are to be designated by such fanciful
names as "Sister 'laffy," V.Sister Marsh
mallow," "Sister Peppermint," etc. A
number of old.time Southern melodies
will be introduced in the olio. The music
of . the- piece is by Theodor , Vogt and the
libretto by E. C. Davis, both residents of
Alameda.
Miss Noble's Testimonial.
ALAMEDA, Cal.; Feb. 16.— 0n March 3.
a testimonial concert will be given Miss
Pearl Noble at Linderman Opera-house.
Miss Noble has for years appeared at char-,
itable and other functions, both as a cor
net soloist and a vocalist, and has even
gotten up and conducted concerts to re
plenish church funds,' yet this is the first
time any effort has been. made for her per
sonal benefit. A number of talented peo
ple will' appear, including Samuel Adel
stein, flute soloist; ,' Esther McCumber,
reader; Carrie Judd. solo whistler ; Char
lotte Gruenhagen and Mr.,Johansen, violin
soloists; Miss Featherstone, piano soloist;
Mrs. Fonda, contralto; Pearl Noble, cornet
and soprano soloist; Maud Noble, trombone
soloist. '
City Officials Banquet. '■
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 16.— The series of
celebrations and formal proceedings mark
ing the completion and -occupancy of Ala
meda's new City Hall came to an end Sat
urday, night with a banquet in the library
room. Only city officials and i members of
the local press were present. The occasion
was one of great pleasure to the partici
pants, and on closing it t was decided to
make the occasion one of annual observ
ance, and the company will meet again in
exactly one! year, at the same place and
for a similar purpose. ..'•;'
An Alameda Wedding. -
ALAMEDA, Cal.', Feb. 16.— Miss Emma
Boehmer was married Saturday night to
Charles W.Logan' of Oakland. : The bride
is a daughter of one of the pioneer resi
dents of Alameda an d p the owner \of I the
most valuable business sites ; in , the city.
The * ceremony was performed iat V: 8:30
o'clock by Rev. G. R. Dodson of; the v Uni
tarian Church. The newly marrted couple |
will make their home in Oakland. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
PADEREWSKI AS A TEST.
....
A Chance to Prove If Oakland Is
Is Really a Musical
City.
EDITOR HIGH'S CONUNDRUM.
Politicians Are Now Engaged Playing
Both Ends Against the
Middle.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 16. ■ }
This city's musical taste is about to be
tested. Next Saturday night" the great
Pole will give one concert at the Macdon
ough Theater, and, as usual, the admis
sion fee is placed at a figure that will ex
clude all those whose preference for a new
bonnet is greater than that of high-class
.music, and who cannot afford both. Oak
land is proud of passing as a musical town.
She is full of musicians, and ' debuts and
complimentary concerts are more numei
ous than they are across the bay. There
is more professional rivalry, more com
mercial competition and, withal, more
musical organizations than the ordinary
person is aware of. Signor Minetti caused
a great commotion about two years ago by
refusing to play with the Oakland orches
tra. He said some uncomplimentary
thincs and they rankled in the minds of
some, while they were upheld by others.
As in politics, so in music, Oakland is di
vided, and jealousy holds a generous sway.
Musical criticism has degenerated into a
system of complimentary advertising for
the pupils and patrons of the writers, and
has long since been so regarded. A pro
fessor from Chicago came here a few
months ago, gave the school children and
local singers a few lessons in chorus sing
ing, and wound up with one of the grand
est concerts ever heard in Oakland.
He did not meet with much favor by the
professionals and was looked upon by
some of them in the light of a shyster.
But the concert left no doubt as to his
merit, and after he had gone from whence
he came there was a good deal published
about "superficiality" and "unsafe sys
tems." Whether he was a genius or an
ape is still doubtful to some people, while
plenty pronounced him to (be the one, and
as many declared him .to be tne other.
The discrepancy .in judgment represents
the range of musical culture in Oakland.
Now there is a chance to determine
whether music is a fad , here or whether
love for it is deeply grounded. There is
considerable speculation as to the result of
the Paderewski concert. Many predict
. r — ■ - ; . . -■ . . — »
The Jute Mill Under the Old Oak Tree in last Oakland, Where the New Yorkers
Are D:g;in? for Treasures Buried by Pirates.
[Sketched by a "Call artist."] '
failure, others success. - The number of
those who profess to be lovers of music
would fill the Macdonough many times.
Should there be anything less than a
crowded house Oakland will hereafter be
considered a very second-rate town, mu
sically. ,ffV -: V . -
The decision of the Supreme Court pub
lished in this paper a few days ago, which
it is held definitely decides in favor of two
year terms for county officers, has caused
a big flutter in this ultra- political commu
nity. - Office-holders are in a dilemma and
they are on both horns of it. If they ac
knowledge that their four-year aspirations
cannot hold and commence to make a
campaign to succeed themselves it will
greatly add to the vigor with which those
who wish to do the succeeding are making
their fights. On the other hand, if the
office-holders fold their hands in assumed
security and do nothing they may realize
too late that the opportunity for "another
term has gone . by. As no move can.be
made to get the matter before the Su
preme Court on a specific issue before the
time for making nominations the situation
is rendered very complex, and whatever is
done will have to-be done with a rush on
the eve of the election. This being the
case the air is full of the names of candi
dates, and everybody who is accustomed
to make a dollar out of politics is laying
plans. The ten-to-one chance that the
Supreme Court may decide in ; favor of
four-year terms gives a beautiful chance to
the political gamblers to perform the trick
known as "playing both . ends against the
middle," and they are taking hold of it
with an energy would be commend
able and surprising in any other cause.,
Gavin D. High, who took proprietary
right of the historic old battlefield known
as the Oakland Times to-day, was trying
to propound a conundrum last night. ;He
wants to know why a newspaper man
should never be supposed to have a dollar.
"I'm here," said Mr. High to a few
friends who had gathered to welcome him
into the local field of journalism,' "and I've
bought - this paper and : paid for it. Al
ready I've been asked several ; times where
I got the money from to make pur
chase. ; I have said that ." I j have been in
active newspaper work for fifteen years
and that it was . possible j I ; might have
raised a few cents. This seemed to be too
incredible to believe, and only produced a
laugh. ; Then some one asked me if 1 hud
got the necessary coin from my wife, and
others suggested that I had not paid for it.
Now, what business is it of anybody's? I
own this paper, and I paid for it, and I
can't understand why it is that a news
paper man should be supposed to be sys
tematically bankrupt." . ■ "
Mr. High is new to Oakland journalism.
When he: has been: here six months he
will be able to answer Shis' own question
and will also be able to explain- the cause
of people's inquisitiveness. . '..-, .: ' ; ' ;
The opposition to Judge Wood > of the
Police Court is the kind that strengthens
him whom it would hurt. 'Since his elec
tion Judge Wood has shown a marked an
tipathy toward dalliance with justice. "He.
is firm almost to obstinacy. • Scores of
cases that should be settled imaffew mm
utes are drawn out by unnecessary.con
tinuances and useless ; demurrers, and
juries are demanded. in cases where the
law leaves it discretionary with the court,
and many other tactics are resorted to
that tend to operate against the dignity of
the court and all concerned. In his deal
ings with Chinese lottery men and liquor
license violators and white gamblers he
has shown a firmness that has surprised
those accustomed to a more plastic bench.
In doing this he has aroused a strong op
position. Being young, he has probably
shown some haste at times, and he has
made some mistakes. The Superior Court
has rectified them, and no "one has suf
fered. When a man is held up- to appro
brium by a few because of his firmness
toward elements antagonistic to the well
being of society be deserves the moral
support of the community. Judge Wood
has it, and if he were to go before the elec
tors to-morrow he would be returned.
______ S. W.
Chinese Mission Services.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— Califor
nia Chinese Mission of the American Mis
sionary Association held its nineteenth
annual meeting in the First Congrega
tional Church this evening. Rev. Dr. Mc-
Lean, president, delivered an address, and
recitations and addresses were given by
several Chinese members of the mission.
Political Equality.
• OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16.— The Politi
cal Equality Society of Alameda County
will hold their regular meeting at the Al
bany Hotel, Monday, February 17, at 2:30
p. M. The public is invited.
SPUR TRACK TAKEN UP.
It Has at Last Been Removed
From the Limits of Golden
Gate Park.
The Work of Grading the Ocean Boule.
yard Is Progressing— An Ereo
naut's Narrow Escape.
The spur track in Golden Gate Park is a.
thing of the past, and before the close of
the month the rails will be off the great
ocean highway.
During the week a gang of men, acting
under instructions from the Southern Pa
cific, commenced the work of tearing up
the rails and ties in the park, and at the
close of working hours on Saturday had
removed them and a portion of those that
were on the boulevard. -
"The removal of the spur track," said
President Austin of the Park. Commis
sioners yesterday, "has put a stop to the
delivery of street sweepings for the park.
We need all we can get, but we can't get it
now. There is a likelihood that the steam
line of cars on H street will be converted
into an electric line, and if that is done an
I effort will be made to have the sweepings
! hauled over that line after the passenger
traffic is ended for the day.
I "Up to this time no arrangements have
been or are likely to be made for the con
veying iof [ that necessary article to the
park. , I am of the Opinion that in future
contracts for street-sweeping a clause will
be introduced making it obligatory upon
the contractor to deliver the sweepings in
the park."
Last Tuesday' Contractor Buckman
started a gang of men and teams to grade
the ocean boulevard. The work was
started at the northern end near where
the track of the Park and Ocean Railroad
turns north. The grading will be : con
tinued in a southerly direction until the
county line is reached, and before the end
of April there will be ready for the use of
thepnblicone of the finest roads in the
State The railroad company will, it is
expected, move its track to the east a short
distance in order that the boulevard may
be extended in a straight line toward the
north. .
The cars of the three lines having each
a terminus at the beach were crowded to
excess all day long, but during the fore
noon they carried an immease number of
Chinese, men, women and children,- all
in holiday attire. They visited Sutro
Heights, the baths, the beach and many of
■them went to ; the park in the afternoon.
Quito a number of the richer class went
out in carriages and attracted a great deal
of attention.
Adoiph Sutro was the purchaser of the
electric tower in Golden Gate . Park that
was recently pulled down by order of the
Commissioners. -He is having the iron
structure taken to pieces and transported
to the Heights. It is his intention to erect
it at some point not yet decided upon, but
it will probably be put on the Midway
• Plaisance in the vicinity of the tirth
wheel. '.'--.;'■
During the afternoon the grass on the
hillside northeast ofthe Sutro nursery was
set on fire by some careless individual and
it burned over several acres of ground be
fore it was extinguished by a number of
men in the employ ol the Mayor. The
hothouses were barely saved.
--: In Golden Gate Park there was a very
large number of people and the drives
,were crowded with vehicles and cyclers. ;
The work of cutting the trench for the
tunnel that will be under the main drive
is progressing rapidly. A great deal of
work has also been done recently in the
grand court where the band stand is to be
located. . .. .".'..-; , ■_- , .
; Thousands of people in . the Haight
street grounds witnessed the successful
balloon ascension' by Professor Earletrom,
who, after rising a certain height, hung by
his toes from a trapeze. He rose about
2500 feet and made a safe; landing at the
foot ; of Clarendon Heights, He 7 stated
that when he.; reached | the highest point
the I atmosphere was very much warmer
than it was on the ground. A ,» . •
Just before the balloon went up Profes
sor : Markenburg, a balloonist, . who was
firing ' to produce r hot ' air to inflate v the
sphere, had - a narrow escape from ■ being
burned to death. : ; The 7 benzine in; a tin
bowl from which he was feeding the fur
nace caught tire and > communicated to his
pantaloons, ; Betting | them yin flames.": A
number of men who were near by. seized
him'; rolled him in the sand; ana in that
way extinguished the flames.'* .One of his
hands was. blistered, but beyond that ;he
was not injured.
HAS ACCEPTED THE CALL
Rev. Philip Graif, M.A., Is Pas
tor of the First Free
. Baptist Church.
RENOWNED PULPIT ORATOR;
The New Pastor Is Well Known in
Ministerial Circles Both Sides of
. the Continent. •/: ■
— _____ _
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call,)
808 Broadway, Feb. 16. J
At the close of his sermon to-night at
the First Free Baptist Church, Rev. Philip
Rev. Philip Graif, M.A., Who Has Accepted the Pastorate of the First Free Baptist
Church of Oakland.
[Drawn by a '"Call" artist from a photograph.]
Graif, M.A., - announced his ' acceptance
of the recently tendered unanimous call
to the pastorate. ;?-j \V
Rev. Philip Graif has had a long and
practical experience in church work and
is known on both Bides of the continent.
He has also been a renouned promoter of
Christian Endeavor work. Since his con
nection with the First Free Baptist Church
the work has prospered remarkably and
the people showed their attachment for
him some weeks ago by tendering him a
unanimous call.
Several years ago Rev. Philip Graif
founded a young people's society at Lock
port, N. V., shortly after Father Clarke
devised the basis of Christian Endeavor
work. According to the data it is highly
probable that Clarke was among the
first ten ministers to expound the
endeavor movement. In the East he is
well spoken of as a platform and pulpit
speaker, and bis lectures on his travels
abroad have attracted wide attention.
Those who heard his discourse before the
Stanford University or his paper before
the Midwinter Fair Religious Congress on
"Modern Pessimism and Christianity"
pronounced them masterpieces, both in
thought and style. Recently he was presi
dent of the California synod and for the
past five years he has been closely identi
fied with the moral interests of this . city.
During the Mills meetings here he was
secretary of the ministerial association
and prepared an elaborate notice of r the
proceedings that is highly prized. ;*-—';"
In his pulpit Rev. P. Graif never uses a
scrap of paper nor does he employ the
memorieta method. He simply pours out
a stream. of thought and language, and
possesses remarkable magnetism. In col
lege he figured as a class poet, and gradu
ated from Gettysburg University. In his
new pastorate he follows closely such emi
nent divines as Drs. Penny and" Rowell.
Steps are about to be taken to secure an
eligible corner lot on which to erect a new
church edifice. Under this new alliance
the church is looking forward to a period
of renewed activity.
. The new pastor "has been for five years
the president and leader of the large Chau
tauqua Circle. He is also a post-graduate
as Ph.D. of the University of California,
and is now preparing a work on education
that has already attracted much attention.
WINK THE OTHER EYE
Poolroom-Keepers Continue to De
ceive the Public and
Justice.
Good Jockeys Posted to - Ride Poor
Horses and Odds Sadly Out
of Line Laid.
The poolrooms, or "commission
houses," as the gamblers who conduct
these places please to term them, continue
running in open defiance of the law. Day
after day clerks, who . sooner or later are
tempted to ramble with * their employers'
money, ; together with newsboys and
messengers, are "seen in or around these
dens ; mingling ':. with . the ; lowest class ]of
< the criminal type. . The wheels of justice
revolve slowly and they are allowed to
exist—a dark page in a fair City's history . '
"' Ever since the opening of the present
Ingleside meeting these gambling resorts
have : been ;in . hot water. ; Day after - day
horses have | been chalked ;op- on their
: boards that were ' non-starters with "odds
posted v against ; them; ; Wrong ' jockeys
have^been given, and they have in many,
; instances ' commenced; booking on races
minutes ' before the betting ? began at the
track, showing; conclusively that the
"Messenger & Co." -of i San Jose fake is
simply a pretext for evading the law.
- ■'. If -•• they . are conducting their,' business
through Messenger " & ? Co. why did they .;
post on their boards Saturday/Donnelly" as
the rider of Casper in the two-year-old : race
when the youngster was piloted by Harry
Griffin, the leading light-weight of Ameri
ca ? Were they aware of it and j did they
mark up the inferior rider to mislead the
patrons of these joint- ?
• On v seven of* the other starters in this
event wrong jockeys were given out. Pop
injay, a 100 to 1 shot at the track, was
likely considered a more tempting bait at
lower, Odds, and whether through ieno
rance or not the rooms held him at 8 to 1.
lAt 3-:55 p. m. the poolrooms gave Ferris
Hartman as the winner: of the second
event, which mistake was not rectified
until nearly an hour later. ; At the same
time Unity was given as the second horse.
Against Wyoming, the actual winner of
the race, 10 to 1 was laid, while at the
track he was 15. There were eight starters,
and wrong riders were given in five in
stances. .:• " ,; : ,r, : >::
In tne third event seven started, and on
five of the horses the poolrooms had
wrong riders. In the race following Pat
Murphy, a 30' to 1 shot at the track, nad
the enticing price of 8 to 1 laid against
him. The fifth race was also prolific of
odds and jockeys that, must have keen
brought down with the north pole from
the furthermost Arctic regions by Dr.
Nansen instead of having been received
from Messenger & Co. of San Jose. Bor
deaux, a scratched horse, the "commis
sion houses" had a starter with Jones up
and 10 to 1 laid against him. "
Sea Spray, whojhad fives about her at
the track, was at the short price of 2 to 1
with Reidy posted ' as rider instead of
Jones.. McClaine was uo on Fortuna,.
while in the race he was ridden by Cdady.
The last race clapped the climax. There
were' five starters and the rooms were
misinformed as to four of the jockeys.
At least that is supposed. The errors
have been intentional, if they would re
sult in gain. Ed Nearney and E. H.
Shirley were scratched at the track at
10:30 a. m., the race was run at 5:17 p. m.,
and thirteen minutes later neither horse
had yet been scratched. Still with service
as. rotten as this Messenger & Co. are still
retained to transact their business. A
total of forty-three jockeys sat astride
horses in the six different events, out of
which number the poolroom had twenty
eight wrongly placed, in addition to having
odds and jockeys posted on three scratched
horses. V^ ; :/V;^r : ;"~t;
An unfortunate mortal who made a
4, pocket-book'! arid laid, odds to a few
straggling sightseers on a prominence
overlooking the track, and was arrested,
pleaded guilty to violating the law, and,
having no "pull," will probably be used
as" a horrible example, while the tricksters
downtown who deceive the public and the
law from day to day, wink the other | eye
as they think how nicely the ''Messenger
& Co." fake is working.
CHINESE INSPECTOR SHOT
A Highbinder Attempts to Kill a
Member of the See Yup
Company.
A Sacramento Streetcar Plunges Over
the Cobbles and Into the Big
Crowd.
A highbinder war with its customary
lawlessness and bloodshed has again
broken out in Chinatown.
As a result of the ill feeling existing be
tween the various factions, Ah Ling, a
member of the Sam Yup Company, was
nearly stabbed to death Saturday night,
presumably ;by a member of the See Yup
Company, and last evening Jue Tong, a
Chinese merchant association inspector,
was shot by Wong Tom, alias Wong Sing,
a well-known highbinder and a : member
of the Sam Yup Company.
' The shooting occured in a narrow stair
way leading up into a tenement-house at
805 Sacramento street. The wounded man
had just turned into the building and I had
started upstairs to his room when the as
sassin followed him to the doorway. With
out : a moment's warning he drew a
large revolver and fired.
Jue Tong fell on the stairs," and the
would-be murderer, still holding the ' re
volver in front of him ready for imme
diate use, ran rapidly down L Sacramento
street to Dupont, where he was captured
by Policeman of the Chinatown
squad. The Chinaman endeavored to turn
his pistol on his captor, but ; his actions
were quickly seen and the pistol wrenched
from his : grasp. ?/,■ The ; Chinaman was
placed in irons and taken back to where
the wounded man - :i lay. bleeding >on the
stairs. ; The patrol wagon was \ called and
the 'highbinder, with ; '-, his . victim, was
placed in the wagon, the former to be taken
to the California-street station and booked
on a charge of assault to murder, and the
latter was taken ,to the Receiving Hos
pital. On the trip to the hospital the man
who was shot bled profusely and had to be
supported by Policeman Lean. ' V •".'..'
To add, to the excitement when the
shooting occurred thousands of jabbering
Chinese surrounded the building in which
the s assault had been > made." ; A Sacra
mento-street car came over the hill just at
this" time, and in an endeavor to bring the
car to a standstill the gripmanputon the
track brakes with sufficient force to lift it
rom the , tracks 'onto -the ; cobblestones.
Down came the car, jolting and bumping
over the stones, and those in charge were
powerless to stop r its : rapid ? descent. It
sped through the crowd, which i. ran right
and left in order to % escape. -.• Fortunately
no one was injured, but it is a miracle that
all escaped.
WORTHY WORK FOR WOMEN
Eighteenth Anniversary of the
Young Women's Christian
Association. '
IN THE IINE OF PREVENTION.
Rev. W. D. Williams Pays a Tribute
to the Merit of the In
• stitution.
The San Francisco Young Women's
Christian Association celebrated its eigh
teenth anniversary at Plvmsyith Congre
gational Church last evening.
The association is one of the most wor
thy non-snctarian charities of the City. Its
work is in the line of prevention rather
than cure. "Our home is always open to
intelligent, self-supporting young women,
who "pay from $3 to $5 a week for their
board and room. This includes the use of
the laundry, sewing-room and sewing
machines, heating and lighting the rooms,
the reading-rooms, library ana parlor, and
admission to all classes and entertainments
of the association," says the secretary,
Miss Helen Van Winkle, in her report for
1895. .. • . .> ... ,
A branch of the work is the furnishing
of luncheons at 3 cents apiece to working
girls, at 514 Howard street and 517 Davis
street. WSSa^a\WmW&^
The treasurer's report for the year clos
ing January 1, 1896, is aS follows:
Receipts— Balance on hand January 1, 1899,
$699 58; memberships and subscriptions,
$319; donations and collections by relief com
mittee. $2825 40; collected by United Work
ers, 514 Howard street, $926 32; collected by
United Workers, 116 Davis street, $2210 51;
collected at public meetings, $255; adrertis
-1 ing in annual report, $150; board, $6222 45;
aid fund, $900; Mary A. Crocker
trust, $3000. Total, $17,508 20.
Disbursements— House expenses, $7789 65;
relief committee, $1282 50; missionary, How
ard-street lunchroom and sewing class, $2.
--571 45; Davis-street lunchroom, $3204 31:
class in cooking, $97 50: classes in physical
culture and elocution, $347 30; sewing and
training class, $130 47; insurance, taxes and
repairs, $703 45; printing. $167 travelers'
aid, $900; industrial committee, $37; balance.
$277 63. Total, $17,508 26. -
Mrs. I. H. Morse, Treasurer.
Audited and approved.
E. J. Bowen, Auditor.
Tne managers are: -
Mrs. C. D. Farquharson, Mrs. J. L. Martel,
Mrs. F. A. Ijams, Mrs. William 11. Crocker, Mrs.
1.8. Van Winkle, Miss I. Clark, Mrs. William
J. Gunn, Mrs. J. A. Fillmore, Miss H. L. Reed,
Mrs. W. C. Pond, Mrs. M. J. McDonald, Miss
Mary Farquharson, Mrs. Wendell Easton, Mrs.
B. M. Gunn. Mrs. H. S. Welch, Mrs. J.Spruance,
Miss.M. Scott, Miss C. L. Gould, Mrs. M. God
ley, Miss Alice Crane, Mrs. J. A. Cruzan, Mrs.
J. Hemphill. :;: :"'•"-
The officers for 1896 are : •
Mrs. L. C. Redinglon. president: Mrs. Wil
liam 0. Gould, first vice-president; Mrs. George
W. Prescott, second vice-presidept; Mrs. J. F.
Merrill, third vice-president; Mrs. M. P. Jones,
fourth vice-president; Miss H. Van Winkle,
recording secretary; Mrs, George P. Thurston,
corresponding secretary; Mrs. I. H. Morse,
treasurer.
Directors— L. C. Redtngton, Mrs. Wil
liam O. Gould, Mrs. G. W. Prescott, Mrs. J. F.
Merrill, Mrs. M. Jones, Mrs. N. G. Kittle,
Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Mrs. George P. Thurston,
Mrs. A. R. Baldwin, Miss H. Van Winkle, Mrs.
I. H. Morse. .
Trustees— J. F. Merrill, chairman; W. E.
Brown, A. B. Forbes, W. F. Whittier, C. S. V.
Gibbs, E. B. Fond, George W. Prescott. Attor
neys—Judge E.D. Sawyer, W. S. Goodlellow.
Auditor— E. J. Bowen. Consulting physicians
W. H. Griswold, M. D., Adelaide Brown, M. 1).
The honorary life members are: .
Mrs. H. V. Alexander, W. E. Brown, Robert
Balfour, Mrs. P. D. Browne, 'Charles Clayton,
♦Charles Crocker, ♦Mrs. Charles Crocker, Wil
liam H. Crocker, Mrs. William H. Crocker,
Mrs. George Crocker, James V. Coleman, Mrs.
A. M. Easton, R. B. Foreman, *George W.
Glbbs, Mrs. William O. Gould, Alexander
Guthrie, C. P. Huntington, *Asa Harker, Mrs.
George Hearst, Henry Janin. I>. O. Mills, 'Mrs.
D. O. Mills. 'Edgar Mills, O. W.jMerriam, R. H.
McDonald, Thomas Magee, ♦H. M. Newhall, G.
W. Prescott, Mrs. G. W. Prescott, Mrs. L. G.
Redington, *Leland Stanford, Mrs. Leland
Stanford, Mrs. Irving M. Scott, Glaus Spreekels,
Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Miss May Scott, Mrs. A. L.
Stone, Mrs. H. B. Williams, A. B. McCreery.
♦Deceased.
Rev. W. D. Williams' sermon to the
association was on the text, "Who could
find a virtuous woman, for her price is far
above rubies?" He said, in part:
An eminent minister, addressing a fashion
able audience In London, said: '"But even you.
my sisters, though only women, may yet find
some duty to perform." That was one estimate
of women and a common one. Here is an
other. On the marriage of Queen Victoria a
famous, poet wrote Prince Albert these words:
Esteem that wedded hand less for the scepter than
the ring,
And hold her uncrowned womanhood to be the
royal thing.
That Is the nobler estimate; uncrowned
womanhood is regal.
The Bible, the reservoir of the rights of man,
is the storehouse of the rights of woman. She
is presented on a plane of equality. The Bible
from "Paradise Lost" in Eye to "Paradise Re
gained" in Dorcas is the friend of woman.
Between those points we have honorable
mention of Sarah the beautiful, Ruth the lov
ing, Hannah the devout, Deborah the patriotic
and Abigail the wise. These represent the best
and highest qualities of humanity without
reference to sex. The rights of woman 1 What
are they in the light of this chapter? The
right to labor and to pray, the right to comfort
in distress, the right to bless when others
blame. The Institution represented here
to-night is not an ambulance at the foot of the
precipice, but a home and prevention above
the precipice. It is prevention, not cure, and
as such ranks with the foremost institutions of
our City. . -
-.-_-. i' KEW TO-PAY.
JH food j
j Drink \
Jf That's what arde_r*s f
r Cocoa is. . It gives to dyspeptics w
f the greatest amount of nour- k
A ishment . with . least possible A
x work for the digestive organs* J
\ It is to the well a preventative \
f of- an overtaxed stomach ; de- f
f creasing the need for quantities 9
k of solid ioods.c^^^^^^^tjt A
k The BEST Cocoa must be A
x FRESH. Age, exposure, etc~ x
\ causes loss of strength and \
f nourishing qualities. Ghirar- f
f delli's is made HERE— comes 9
4 to you almost direct; j* is 4
a FRESHEST, STRONGEST, a
x 30 cups for 25 cts.^.^j^jio* ' \
v t~_S_sL I Of •4* «*s* c?* «*s* t^* c?* ej* t*s* O* ej*
\ Ghirardelli's '■*& i
JCOCOAj^^J
/""Hlk Br. Gibbon's Dispensarj,
A^&C^a^'-^ KEACNY fcT. Established
a ,Ss * lor the treatment of Private
625 KKACVT ST. Established
hi 1554 for the treatment of Private
/ftA-W^j&S? Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandtuindand
Skin Diseases Thedoctorcureswhen
mßhßS3s£3 others fail. Try him. Charges low
gnarantf «>d. Callorwrlte."
Br. 4, MT. *il BBOS, Box 1957. 5a0 fraootaoe.
1112
MID ANTE-LENTEN FETES
Miss Catherwood Completes . Her
Series of Sunday High
Teas.
MERCANTILE AUXILIARY TEA.
Bess Luncheon and Graham Tea To-
Day— Oakland Musicale —
rison Surprise.
Miss Jennie Catherwood gave the last of
her series of Sunday English high teas at
her residence, corner of Sutter and Gougd
streets, last evening. .vT
These entertainments have all proved
most delightful and the music at each
function was made a special feature. The
guests at each tea were limited to about
twentvand a charming informality, which
made the entertainments all the more en
joyable, prevailed. ■
The delightful way in' which Miss Cath
erwood has entertained her friends, the
rare tact she displayed in asking congenial
people and the excellent amusement she
provided for them, has stamped her as one
of the few successful girl hostesses San
Francisco can boast and be proud of.
It was a charming affair, the tea given
by the ladies of the Mercantile Auxiliary,
Saturday afternoon in the reception rooms
of the library building.
Fragrant "blossoms and delicate ferns,
artistically arranged, made the hall look
bright and homelike. The ladies had pre
pared a delightful programme, on which
were found such well-known names as
Uncle George Bromley, Baroness Yon
Meyernick, Mrs. Edgertbn, Mise Ida Cohen,
Miss Grace Davis, Miss Maud Fay, Miss 1
Caroline Herrin and Miss Celia Decker.
The following ladies acted as a reception
committee: Mrs. Lovell While, Mrs. Ed
ward May. Mre. I. Burns, Miss T. Semple,
Miss Sarah D. Hamlin, Mrs. Vassault,
Mrs. Frank Bynames, Mrs. Fanny Lent,
Miss Charlotte" Thompson, Mrs. E. Pro
bert, Mrs. Mary Prag, Mrs. J. T. Dare,
Miss Sarah D. Hanlon, Mrs. Frank Sum
ner, Mrs. S. C. Bigelow, Miss Mo ran, Mrs.
H. Swain, Mrs. Thurlow McMullin, Miss
Bigelow, Mrs. W. F. Herrin. Mrs. Demas
C. "Baker. Mrs. H. Gibbons, Miss A. J. Car
ter and Miss Mariar J. Snook.
The Misses Graham will give a tea at the
Presidio to-day, complimentary to the
Misses Ethel and Bee Hooper.
Miss Helen Boss will eive a luncheon to
twenty young ladies, at the University 1
Club, to-day. ■'.'.: ■■■ '.'■ ':■'■.'■
There are to be two fashionable teas
across the bay to-morrow. Mrs. Wheaton ■
will entertain at her elegant home in Oak
land, and Miss Hurd of Berkeley will be
the hostess at a similar large affair.
Miss Frances Curry entertained several
of her friends last Wednesday evening by
giving a card party in honor of Miss Bliss
of Carson City, New, at her residence on
Laguna street. The game played was pro
gressive euchre, and six handsome prizes
were awarded. The successful contestants
were: First prizes, Miss Emma Butler
and George B. de Long; second prizes,
Miss Toby and George Cameron; consola
tion prizes. Miss Fanny Crocker and Dan
forth Boardman. Among Miss Curry's
guests were: !
Miss Bliss, Miss Ella Morgan. Miss Gra
ham, Miss Lizzie Carroll, Miss Mamie
Thomas, Miss Bernie Drown, Miss Burton,
Miss Harrington, Miss Sara Collier, Miss
Buckbee, Miss Clementina Kip, Miss Mary
Kip, Miss Emma Butler, Miss Toby, Miss
Fanny Crocker, Lieutenant T. G. Carson.
U. S. A., Lieutenant S. McP. Rutherford,
U. S. A.. Lieutenant W. G. Haan, U. S. A.,
Chauncey Boardman, Danforth Board
man. Samuel Buckbee, Mr. McAfee, Irving
Lundborg, George B. de Long and George
Cameron.
Mrs. Evan J. Coleman gave a six-handed
euchre party last Thursday afternoon at
her residence, 1450 Sacramento street, in
honor of Mrs. J. Kruttschnitt. Mr. Krutt
echnitt's uncle. Hon. Judah P. Benjamin,
and Mrs. Coleman's father, Dr. W. M.
Gwin. were fellow members of the United
States Senate in ante-bellum days and
very warm friends. The party was greatly
enjoyed. Handsome prizes were won and
delicious refresh were served. Those
present were:
Mrs. Evan J. Coleman, Mrs. J. Krutt
schnitt, Mrs. Lloyd Tevis. Mrs. J. C.
Stubbs, Mrs. Frank McCoppin, Mrs. litn
othy Hopkins, Mrs. R. C. Foute, Mrs.
George C. Boardman, Mrs. W. P. Harring
ton, Mrs. Morton Cheesman, Mrs. W. K.
Smedberg, Mrs. J. V. D. Middleton, Mrs.
Thompson, Mrs. McAfee, Mrs. Rounse
velle Wildman, Mrs. Bell, Mrs. Harold
Sewall, Mrs. Hopkins, Mrs. Lucy Otis,
Mrs. Sawyer, Mrs. W. M. Gwin Jr., Mrs.
Montgomery Curry, Miss Carrie Gwin and
Miss Sally Maynard.
The first vocal rehearsal of L. Crepaux's
pupils was held last Thursday, in his new
studio, Y. M. C. A. building. The selec
tions rendered were as follows: Aria from
"Preaux-Clercs" (F. Herold), by Miss T.
Mereenthaler; "Ici-bas" (C. L. Hess), by
B. Weyl; "Armorer Song" (R. de Koven),
by Mr. Amedee Joollin, and the duet from
the "Magic Fiute" (Mozart), by Miss T.
Mergenthaler and B. Weyl.
On Wednesday evening, tne 12th inst.,
a birthday surprise "party was tendered
Police Officer R. J. Kerrison by his wife
and friends at Eureka Valley Hall, which
was elaborately decorated for the occasion.
Festoons of pale pink, delicate green and
straw yellow bunting were hung around
the walls and decorated each window
opening. From the ceiling were sus
pended forty brass cages, each containing
a canary. Long streamers of bunting
swayed gently in the air and stretched
with graceful curves from the center of the
ceiling to the walK Fresh cut -flowers
were plentiful and bouquets of roses were
much favored.
Dancing, was indulged in until 11:30
o'clock, at which time supper was an
nounced, and all repaired to the snacious
dining parlor. A large armchair decorated
with stars and stripes, ferns and.smilax
was placed at.the head of the table for Mr.
Kerrison. After supper dancing was re
sumed and continued until an. early hour.
Au enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Kittie Morrison last Monday
evening at her home on Howard street.
The affair was managed by her numerous
friends, and the evening was spent in sing
ing, dancing, games and conversation
until an early hour of the morning, when
an elaborate repast was served. Among
those present were Mr. and Mrs. Morrison,
Miss Kittie Kerny, Miss Agnes McKenna,
Miss Annie Flanagan, Miss Lizzie Doyle,
Miss Nellie Kenny, Miss Mamie Kennv,
Miss Babette Cline, Miss Blanche Lotz,
Mis* Miriah Morris, Miss Eva Jacobs, Miss
Ltllie Reynolds, Miss Maude Gallagher,
Miss Annie Burnett, Miss Agnes
O'Brien, Miss Kittie Holland, Miss Eva
Duggan, Miss. Susie Leffier, Miss Maude
Hass, Miss Annie Boy sen.
A fine musical and literary programme
was rendered at the Eighth-avenue M. E.
Church, Ea«t Oakland, Friday evening
February 14, under the auspices of the
church choir. -
Following are some of the numbers •
Chorus, "All among the Barley" (Stirling),'
by Choir; solo, "When the Heart is Youna''
(Dudley Buck), Miss Mellle E. Chase; recita
tion, "Imitations" fseleced). Miss M.l.Mac-
Bride; duet, "The Lord Is My Shepherd"
(Smart). Messrs. o*csrand Harry Tavlor; solo
"Away, Pierrot" (de Koven), Miss Annie Pollltt;
quartet, "Love's Old Sweet Song" (Molloy)
California College Quartet— E. U. Dawson, S. c!
I^rlgford, R.L.Alexander, J. Hardy; " ladles'
quartet (selected). Miss Mabel Walker, Miss
Annie Poliitt, Mrs. Belle Jenkins, Miss- May
Coboledick; cornet solo. (selected), Miss Pearl
Noble; recitation' (selected), Miss "Elizabeth
Bartlett ; • chorus, "Oh, Italia, Italia, Beloved,"
from "Lucrezia" (Donnizciil), Choir.
The solo by Miss Chase was especially
line, as was also her encore. Miss Mac-
Bride's feats of ventriloquism and bird
imitation' entitle her to he ranked in
the first of her class as a teacher of elocu
tion.' Miss Bartlett of San Francisco was
accorded her usual hearty reception.
After the rendition of the programme
all the participants were given a reception
in the ladies' parlors of the church and
refreshments were served, the pastor, Dr.
Carroll, being master of ceremonies.
Speeches were made by Dr. Carroll, C. C.
Lombard, C. B. Taylor, Oscar Taylor and
0. G. Heaton, and a vote of thanks given
to the singers, after which all' sang "Good
night, Ladies." ' ;
Mrs. D. Harris will be pleased to ccc her
friends on Wednesday, February 19, at 1150
Golden Gate avenue, prior to her departure
for Los Angeles.
Miss Theresa Blumenthal has removed
from 726 Hayes street to 220 Second ave
nue, Richmond district.
J. S. Phillips, formerly first assistant to
Dr. A. T. Sanden of this City, is about to
depart for Los Angeles, where he will be
permanently located as manager of the
Sanden Electric Company.
Sol Shon-inger of Chicago is visiting his
cousin, Mrs. Carrie Abrahamson of 1209
Octdvia street.
Mr. and Mrs. George D. Graham returned
on Friday from an extended trip through
Southern Calilornia. .--';.'*
The seventeenth evening dress party of
the Mystics, to be held on Tuesday even
ing. February 18, at Native . Sons' Hall,
promises to be one of the social successes
of ; the season. .The committee is making
extensive preparations and the hall is
being elaborately decorated. The march
will be under the leadership of Martin L.
Reynolds,- vice-president of the club.
The San Francisco Hebrew Social Club
will celebrate the coming festival of
Purim by giving their annual prize
masque ball on' Sunday evening, Febru
ary 23, at N. S. G. W. Hall on Mason street.
Society circles at Ocean View attended
the Ocean View Catholic Church en masse
on Saturday evening to witness the mar
riage of Martin G. Casserly, youngest son
of Mrs. M. Casserly of the Abbey House, to
Miss Christine F. M&loney, one of the
belles of that section. The bride and her.
attendants were beatifulJy attired and the
groom looked very handsome and proud
in his wedding garments. A bountiful
banquet followed the ceremony and the
young couple departed on their wedding
journey. -
BROOKS IN THE PULPIT.
The California Poet Delivers an
Impromptu Sermon on .
Sermons.
Likens the Rev. Dr. Case of the How
ard-Street Church to Chauncey
M. Depew.
Fred Emerson Brooks, the California i
poet, last evening donned the robe sancti
raoriial and ascended with slow, thought
ful steps the pulpit of the Howard-street
Methodist Church.
Dr. Case had just finished an eloquent
and earnest sermon from the text,. "How
is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto
us aiid not unto the world?"
At the close of his sermon Dr. Case, al
luding to the poet, said: "Had Imy way
I should crown Mr. Brooks the laureate of
the United States." .
The pulpit was then placed in the back
ground and Mr. Brooks stood in front of
it and delivered a little sermon on ser
mons.
"There is but one way to deliver a ser
mon," said he; "that is to read a text and
then tell stories aDout it. People flock
from distant cities to listen to the silvered
utterances of Chauncey Depew, yet all that j
he does is to tell stories one after another.
This is what Dr. Case does," said the poet
with his most winning smile, "and 1 may
add that Dr. Case reminds me much of
Chauncey Depew. '.
"The only sermon I can remember is one
I listened to when I was a boy, and this
sermon was only a chain of stories."
it By way of illustration Mr. Brooks re
lated two of those stories. One was about
the saying in the Bible "Come unto me
and .1 will gather you under my wings
even as a hen gathereth her little
chickens." ' ;'.| . '.'
He described the hen clucking for her
progeny and pictured the hawk poised
overhead. Then after he had gotten the
chickens all under their mother's wing he
drew a moral by comparing the comfort
and safety of the sheltered ones to those
poor rascals out in the bushes where the
hawk could get at them. ..
. The poet closed his sermon reciting his
poem "Palestine," during the rendition
of which J. William Macy san-? "Jesus
Lover of My Soul." The effect was ex
ceedingly beautiful and dramatic.
*'»•', — —
That Vacant Look.
Joseph H. Choate seldom meets a suc
cessful antagonist in repartee, but he met
his match while trying a case in the Sur
rogate's court not long ago. Ati old woman
was being questioned about how a certain
testator had looked when a certain incident
had occurred. "Now, how I remember?
He's been dead two years," she. replied
testily. "Is your memory so poor that you
can't remember two years back?" con
tinued Choate. The old woman was silent,
and Choate asked: "Did he look any
thing like me?" "Seems to me he did
have the same sort of a vacant look!"
snapped the: witness. The questioning
was suspended. — New York Mail and Ex
press. ' . "_ . . '.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FranciscoCam^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
. 339 nayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
.2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock
-116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
:[:'■■'}' NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
mOS' KING SOLOMON'S LO D«E NO. A
W& 7 '260, F. and A. M., corner (iearv and A
steiixr sts.— Called meeting Tins (.MUN'-TXf
DAY) EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Second r V>
degree. By order of the Master.
, nAURV BAfIHR, Secretary.
&OS* SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER »
"~-* No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets JV'
THIS EVENING for business. «V
T_H. d. PRINCE, Secretary. /V^
mOS' OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. m~
*—* Ann A. Called meeting THIS JW
(MONDAY) EVENING, February 17, at V
7:30. Second Decree By order of W. M. /V^
r EDW, F. DELGER, Sec. -
mOJf TO THE MEMBERS OF. -m-um'-
__*- California I ortgt; No. 1, I. O. O. i^jjSgßfe.
V.- A.ll are earnestly requested to be
present on MONDAY EVENING, '^IP'
Feb. 17, J 896, to amend by-laws
WILLIAM C, RILEY, N. G.
: G. W. Davwai.t, sec. '
IJK-S 3 ' THE 118T1I ANNIVERSARY OF ~7~
■«* the birth of Robert Emmet will be tf j>.
celebrated on Match 4 by 41 «rand musical fcA*>A
and literary entertainment under the aus-^*«*\
pices of the Knights of the Red Branch at Metro-
politan Temple. HO >>*. M. M. ESTEE, chairman.
Oration by HON. JOHN F. FINKRTY I of Chi-
'•ago. Reserved seals can be secured at Deasv
Bros.' new store. 20 Sixth st., near Market.
BEOS' 8. F. F. "dT^THE : RtM U LA H>afc_ .
Et*^ funeral deaiil of .his Deiiartment^HftS -
I will assemble at Engine Company 19 at Hsr^\SJ
! 1 o'clock p. 11., MONDAY, February 17. 1896, for
: the purpose of . attending the funeral of the late
i CHARLES H. WATSON, late member of the De-
partment,' By order -<-.-,;.
. D. T. SULLIVAN, Chief of Department.
mOZS* ANNUAL MRS M ING— THE REGULAR
I t*~»^ annual meeting of stockholders of the West-
i em Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
! of the comDanv. 327 Market street, San Francisco,
i Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh. 1896, at
! the hour. of 11 o'clock -■ a.m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors ,to serve for' the en-
i suing year' and the transaction of such other busi-
i ness as may come before the meeting.: -
." Transfer books will close on : Saturday, February
! 29, 1896, at 12 o'clock m. .
1 E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
j DIVIDEND NOTICES. '.
Xg 5 end""** o^rrc^n>TvTnEVD~^rr
: v*^**^ 28 (fifteen cents per share), of the Hutchin-
son Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable at the of- ;
] rice of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
THURSDAY, February 20. 1896. Transfer books
, will close Friday, February 14.1896. at 3 o'clock
j v.x, E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SANfFRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
- * ■ - - Hm ■> ■ fro, iiiiiiip mi in im m i ■mini ...... • *
SPECI Ali NOTICE!?.
jt^^^ntSTT^KTArcm ikopodTStT'corns
IS—*'- cured. Office 11, 5^ Kearny st.
OO^S* PR. EUGENE ROLAND, MAGNETIC
| EFj? treatment lor rheumatism. 116 a Grant aye.
mOST fannik i> vis, manicuring pak-
! E5 iP lors moved from 202 to 122 Post; parlors 2
aud 3. .
sF^s= MISS WILLIAMS. INSTRUCTION ON
w»* 7 piano. Room 15, 101 Va Grant aye.
I mos' 202 a POST-IjVA. COHKN, GENUINE
— "•■ Parisian baths. Offices 2 and 3.
I St^r- MRS. D&AN. GENUINE MANICURE. '
I »>- jy Room 2. 33 Taylor St.- -
j KB- GYPSY CARD READER; 25c AND UP.
: —^^ Room 2, 12 Masoa st. ■
j K3" VEfsTA GOLDSMITH. GENUINE jew-
| **-& ■ Ish massage. Offices 47-48, 850 Market st.
Rots' MAE EDWARDS HAS'RKTUEXEDTO
i —""*"; 308% Sutter, room 3; genuine magnetic
I treatment. . •• .
I mOtS* MISS GRACE LESLIE WOULD LIKE A
i o*^^ position as an artist's model. 215 Post at.,
room 8. . -- •.-
-! j^^ BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW
! Jt~— ' every night cor. Market ana Sixth sis.; artis- j
tic advertisements in living light; promoters of ]
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1 1*0* Marmot, j
I (SKS* MISS PATON, MANIOUKE AND CHI- !
, — -** ropod'.st; hours 9 a. m. to 8 P. m. 121"
, Montgomery st., room 6.
{Ps£r> M S. ARTHUR CURES BY REAL MAG-
i ">*■ netic treatment. 906 Market, parlor 21,
second floor. •
j KK> MRS. WALLACE GIVES GENUINE
i *_^ magnetic. treatment. 109 Powell, room 23.
i mots' MRS. STEWART GIVES GENUINE
j I* —^ steam baths. 120% Geary, rooms 10 and 11.
i mots' ALMA GREY, CHIROPODIST, 620
mr^sy Market st., room 21, opp. Palace Hotel. -
! mots' HUE. KIMRAL, PROM - VIENNA.
■ *»*y French lessons. 17 Grant aye., parlor 12.
'< mots* MME. MERANDA, 17 GRANT aXkT,
fa^^ parlor 1; vapor and electric baths. •
QOtS* MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
aa~-xr 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
mOtS* MISS FRANCES BERNTIARD; GENU-
Br-^y Ine massage treatment. 17a Sixth St.. rm. 1.
mOtS* SENORITA CARMENCITA MASCOTTA
■t"-^. gives Spanish lessons. Room 2, 27 Taylor.
a^jS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
■» v * Collections made, city or country. Paclflo
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st., room-6, Tel. 6580.
windows cleaned and floors
*^*^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for j
damages Guaranteed. C. ROSSI «fc CO.. 242 .Sutter. I
SITUATIONS WASTKO-fEMALE.
T' ADIES-SEND US YOUR ORDERS: WE
A.J have many vonng girls and woman waiting for
places. Telephone Grant 185, or call on C. R.
HANSEN a CO., 110 Geary st.
I ADIES, 50 "GIRLS, ITH REFERENCES.
J' awaiting situations: city or country. MME.
I LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
\~ UMBER OF. COMPETENT. RELIABLE |
-L' housework girls and several tirst-class cooks i
await situations. Can bo seen at Miss PLUNK- i
ETT'S, -'-24 Sutter st. Telephone main. 5472. .
SWEDISH WAITRESS, HAVING 4 YEARS' I
references, wants situation. For particulars |
call or address MISS PUN X TT, 424 Sutter st.
MISS CULLEN, FORMERLY OF 105 STOCK- !
i'l- ton St., lias removed to 323 Sutter st., first
floor, tel. main 552 U.
COMPBTEN T I - I ! EN C H~MAin AND SEAM-
stress, or as second girl, desires situation; 3
years last place; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. removed to 323 Sutter St., tel. main 5520. -
T ADIBB CAN secure first-class serv-
AJ ants of all nationalities, city or country, by
calling, addressing or telephoning MISS CULLEN,
removed to 3:13 Suiter St., flrst floor, toh main 6520.
"I C A GIRLS AND WOMEN AT OUR OFFICE
XO\J awaiting engagements; ladies and gentle-
men, nlease send us your orders and we will send
competent help to you. MURRAY A READY,
Employment Agents! 634 and 636 Clay at., tele-
phone Main 6848. ■
RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES '
tion to assist second work and grown children;
no objection to short distance in the country. Call
615 Bush st. -
A\ r TED-BY A NEAT. RELIABLE GE'S '
" man girl, a position to do housework in small ■
family; Is good cook: ' can give best leferenoe. i
Please call 425 , Francisco st. ; take I'owsl-st. car
I north. ;-•■/
Dl ESSMARER, FIRST-CLASS CUTTER AND
fitter, desires work at $1 a day.- Address D.,
box 42, call Office.
OIITATIiiN -WANTED BY COMPETENT
O girl for general housework and cookina. Call at
2525 Post st., near Baker.
j YOU.NO GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO LIGHT !
| -L housework and sleep home. Address 515% !
i Leavenworth at. . .- -
G~~OOT) GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO I
F housework and cooking. Apply 706 Battery. '
j p ERMAN GIRL WANTS A PLACE FOB
II cooking and general housework; $25. 523 Sec- i
I ond sf.. in rear. •
0 i BONO WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
O day; washing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. • Ap-
ply room 7, 326 Fourth st. -
.EHMAN WOMAN WANTS SITUATION AS
| VJ chambermaid .or laundress in hotel; city or
country. Room 49. New Western Hotel.
VTOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
1 do light housework. 312% Clementina st.
QITUATION WANTED BY AMERICAN j
O woman for housework: city or country. Call
j 1910 Market st., corner Rose aye.
QTKONG MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WISHES
O position as cook and general housework. Ad-
dress 808/Sl.xteenth st., Oakland.
IRL WISHES POSITION TO DO GENERAL
VI housework or go out by the day. 363 Jessie st,
irl wants a position to do general
housework. Inquire 1527% Market st.
STRONG YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN
O wants any kind of housework by the day. Call
or address M. G., 525 Howard st.
QITUATION. WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRLS
O for cooking and housework: $25. 11% An-
toula st., off Jones, nr. Leavenworth.
IMRST-CLASS LAUNDRY: WORK DONE AT
. a low rate at my own home. 368 Clementina at. i
"GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
the day: experienced: washing, Ironing, house-
cleaning; references. 211% Sixih st. '
FRENCH DRESSMAKER. GOOD FITTER,
would like a few more engagements in family. i
881/4 Moss ■
A GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN |
American family; housework and cooking;
wages, $18. 413% Nineteenth St., near Valencia. I
GIERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOB
r general housework and cooking; wages $25. !
Call from 10 to 4 at 823 Harrison st.
PESPECTABLE WOMAN- WANTS SITU A- |
• IX tion as working housekeeper, cook or to take
charge of home for family of adults or children;
references exchanged; city or country. Address
Housekeeper, box 33, Call Office.
RE.-SMAKER. GOOD CUTTER AND FIT- '
ter, stylish, iust from the East, wishes engage- ,
ment by day or to work home. 418 Octavra si. "
"Experienced HOUSEKEEPER WISHES [
-M position in widower's family: city preferred
Address W. C, box 9, this office.
FAMILY WASHING AND MENDING DONE i
£ at my own home. Apply 518 Castro st.
EXPERIENCE.) DRESSMAKER, A GOOD '
cult rand filter in the latest designs, will ac- I
cept engagements in families at reduced rates:
references. Apply 1516 Eddy st. ;.
TTiiVlfrom .THE East WISHES position I
VI as saleslady In a dairy or store; speaks four lan- :
guages. Call or address JBERNATH. 51 Jessie st. i
N^ EDUCATED GERMAN LADY, WITH !
best of references, desires position as nursery
governess;. same Is trustworthy and has had ex-
perience. a. E., box 16, Call office. .
;\%/ ELL-EDUCATED LADY WISHES A POSI- I
»* tion in office or wholesale house. Address S.
E., box 67, Call Office.
Q KILLED NURSE WISHES 'ENGA ,G E-
O menu: skilled In obstetrics; Invalid nursing;
reasonable. Call or address 646 Folson st.
p IRLWANTS"WORKBY THE DAY: WASH-
vj ing or hous cleaning; reference. Call or ad-
dress 563% Stevenson st. - ',
ANISII, COMPETENT SEAMSTRESS: CUT
and fit or do chamberwork in a family or in an
Institution, or take charge of living in hotel or
house; reference. ,1906 a Mission st.
SI I CATION WANTED. BY A GOOD LAUN-
dress in a private family or in a. laundry.
Either call or address 1024 Howard st. .
QE AM STRESS AND- DRESSMAKER DE-
-0 sires a position; would do chamberwork or I
assist with children. Address S. A., box 23, Call.
you no WOULD LIKE sewing out
1 by the day or.ln a store. Address A 8., 639 a
Minna st. . .; -.
MEAT HERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
li housework. * 211 Scott s:., near Height.
OMPETENT/ AND : EXPERIENCED WORK-
\J ing housekeeper wishes situation. Address H.
X., box 102, this office.
RESPECTABLE : GERMAN WOMAN. WOULD
At like housework by the day. - Apply 519 Stev-
• enson st. i. ■ .
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
Iion for general housework and plain cooking.
;■ Address M. (i., box 22, Call Office.
T~A~DY WISHES A POSITION AS HOUSE-
Aj keeper, 215 a Post st., room 15.
IRL BOUT 16 -WISHES. SITUATION AS
'J waitress in a small restaurant, or do light
housework. Address 1021% Market st. .
QWEDISH girl WOULD LIKE A PLACE
'■■ O. for ; general .housework ;: good cook; city or
' country*- wages $20 to s2s. Address Swedish Girl,
Poll Office, Oakland. :'■■:■-.,.■
ifTISITINO GOVERNESS. ■AN EXPERI-
-1 V 'enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
I sires pupils In history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 104, Call. ; -; ;s ■ ;- y, •:y- h \
• \TrDDLT~*AOED LA - WITH TWO DAUGH-
i'J. ters wishes to take charge of lodging-house;
ihoroughly understands the care and management
of same. Address 4'/ Verba Buena st., oft' Sacra- '■■
memo, between Taylor and Mason. y,.:
/ VOUXG ' SPANISH LADY WISHES HOUSE-
; A' keeper's position. Room 15, 120% Geary si.
EN"fLEMEN'S~ir ENDING NEATLY DONE
'■JT at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
■ AN TEp-Contlnqoa.
WANTED— BY A WIDOW, 'AMERICAN, OF
• tt 87, situation as working housekeeper for wld- I
?, n » .'" couutr » , or city: good cook. A. 8., box 12,
call Office. ;. ,-"•-.'.<
WANTED — LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
" dressmaking, $1 a day, or at home: references.
313 Leavenworth st. : . . .-r:- ; yp. •'. . >,:. - , y,;
"Y OUNG CREOLE LADY WISHES A HOUSE-
A keeper's position. 917 Market St., room 18.
second floor. ,
"V'OUNG WOMEN - FROM THE^OU^NT
•,"T would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169 Mission st., nr. Eighth, room 15, second door.
T ADIES WANTING HELP WILL. FIND IT
XJ at 1004 Market at.
TfASIIIONABLhi DRESSMAKER WANTS
X work by day or at rooms; terms reasonable.
Address 81 and 32 Fulton House. ■-.
INOHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 60 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week ; convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the terry. . . - ■
I SITUATIONS \V 1 N TED -aIAEE.
KfJA MENFOR ALLn^M^oFwORK^ARE
*J\'\J waiting for situations at J. F- CROSETT A
CO.'S Employment Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
FARMERS AND OTHERS- WE HAVE ANY
-I number of men on hand forany kind of skilled
or unskilled labor: send us your orders: tele-
phone Grant 185. Write or call on C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 110 Geary st. -'
1"~5 : C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X. j . branches :snort notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant46.
HUNTER A- CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: teL 231.
J A PANESE EMPLOY ME NT~OFFICE PRO-
vldes best help. 314n Sutter St.; el. Grant 30.
C CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
POSITION AS SECOND COOK: CHANCE FOR
Improvement and getting established more of '
an object than wages. Cook, 422 Stevenson.
SITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, salesman or . driver -■ delivery
wagon; general business knowledge and long ex-
perience in this city. Address J. H., box 150. Call
Office.
ERMAN WISHES TO WORK IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses, cows and garden ;
good man about place; is willing to work. D.,
box 160, Call Office. ;«.-.;-
OOD JAPANESE MARRIED COUPLE TO
VJ" take charge of lodging-house or in private fam-
ily; man is good- cook and wife housework, etc
Address Tom, 204 Ellis st. *
A INTER COMPETENT all-round
workman desires work ; is a good grainer, tinter,
paper-hanger, whitener, etc.;. has scaffolding, falls,
etc. : terms to suit. Call or address Painter, 1077
Market st. wl- '. y
Of RICTLY HONEST YOUNG MAN DESIRES
0 position of trust; leferences furnished. Address
PADURSON, 523 Pine St. .
NO. 1 COOK-; SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS;
private family or lunch place: no objection to
wages. Address L., box 5, Call Office. ' \y ■
ITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
. general printer; sober, steady and can handle
any work, book or job. Address G. W., box 41,
all Office. '
L 1 ARMER AND WIFE WISH . PLACES ON A
£ ranch: man to do general farming and wife a
good cook and housekeeper. Address 229 Minna
st., In rear:
"VrOUNG MAN, MECHANICALLY INCLINED,
-L wishes situation: wages no object. Address M.
A , box 138, Call Office.
A YOUNG JAPANESE STUDENT WANTS
% situation, with privilege to attend school. Ad-
dress S. H., Japanese Mission, 1829 Pine st.
V FIRST-CLASS FRENCH GARDENER;
good reference in city. 603 Folsom st.
OY 16. YEARS OLD, SPEA KB . GERMAN,
would like to learn tne bakery and confectionery
business. Address >;. F., box 33, Call Office.
WILL DO ANY KIND OF. WORK FOR $15
tt a month and found; am not afraid of work;
good reference. J. L., box 114, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED— YOUNG MAN, FA-
O miliar with electric appliances and handy with
tools, seeks a situation. Address E. P.. box 114.
Call office. ...
<S>(\(\ I WILL PAY TO ANYBODY . WHO
'"otl can secure me a steady position as super-
intendent: best of references. Address T. A., box
22, this office.
If X PER I ENCED CHEESEMAKER:
J makes different kinds of che-se, also butter;
knows how to run a separator wishes situation.
Address A. 8., box 48, Call Office. .
COACHMAN, BY. A " YOUNG MAN FROM
_ Boston; thoroughly understands his business;
can furnish best references. Apply 1. 1. M., box 14,
Call Office. ;
riRST -CLASS CUTTER AND TAILOR
X wishes situation. Address A., box 16. Call.
S~TRICTLY SOBER AND RELIABLE MlD-
dle-aged man wants a place as watchman;
reference and bonds. Address C. C, box 16, Call.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
TXT ANTED— FIRST-CLASS NURSE, $25 TO
»* $30, see lady here: 3 Herman and Scandina-
vian second girls. $20 and $25; German nursery-
governess, $25; 2 cooks, $25; ranch cook, $25;
restaurant cook, $10 week : 4 Ironers in laundry,
$10 a week; and a great many girls for cooking
and housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT <fe CO., 312 Sutter st. .
ESTAURANT COOK. CITY,- $10 A WEEK;
chambermaid and waitress, small hotel near
city, $15; neat young waitress, small restaurant
near city, $15 and room. C. It. HANSEN A CO.,
Geary st. ' -. .
I Experienced linen-room woman-
J must be a good mender and assist with cham-
berwork. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER/OR 2 SISTERS,
to do cooking, -chamberwork and waiting,
small place, $36. C. K. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st. - • - s .■ .
"yOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. FAMILY
1 of 4, on a ranch : $1 5 and fate paid. C. R. HAS-
SEN A- CO., 110 Geary st. -
GERMAN HOUSEGIRLS, CITY. $20; PRO-
testnnt housegirl, $20: German or Scandinavian
honsegirls, San i orenzo, san Leandro, Oakland
and San Rafael, $15 and $20; 2 neat middle-
aged women for housework, $15 and $20; and 15
young inrls to assist and- no general work in small
families. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
M~ ISS ETTA BAKER Is. NOW 51 AN AGING
ItL female department of MURRAY.* READY'S
Employment Offices. 634 and 638 Clay, st.; girls
and women wanting work nlease call at our office.
m" WAITRESSES COUNTRY " HOTELS, $20.
I" $18- and $15; laundress nnd waitress same
hotel. $20 each; German girl for institution near
crtv, $20; cooks and housework girls, $25 and $20.
MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay St.
ATEAT YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT PLACE HEAR
-i-> city. $8. MURRAY A READY, 634 Hay st.
WANTED— AMERICAN COOK, $30: FRENCH
'•nurse. $20: German nurse, $15:-: German
nurse. $20: German second,' s2o: 3 French girls
for housework, $20. $15 and $10. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton st.
TNTELLIGENT WOMAN CARE OF INVALID
i- and seamstress, $25 to $30; city references;
■cook. American family, $35; 3 second girls, $25
and $20; nurse. $20; 50 housework girls,' City and
country. $20 and 425: 12 young girls, assist, $10
to $15; girls can secure reliable situations of all
kinds by applying to MISS CULLEN, at her' new
office, 323 Sutter st. . ■ ■'. -- - ■- -.--■•>•• .-'■
PANTED-GERMAN NURSE .FOR 3 CHlL-
dren, $20: first-class German cook, $35: Irish
nurse and seamstress, $30: Irish waitress (eoun-
trv), $25; 50 good housework girls at $25, $20 and
$15. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter, y
\\f ANTED— INFANT'S NURSE ; FOR SAN
tt Jose, $20: see lady here Monday. MISS
PLUNKETT, 124 SuttersL >
W ANTED— RANCH COOK, $20; COOK, SAN
it Mateo, s26; girl to wash add plain ■ cooking.
$20: girl. Alameda, $18; 2 Herman girls, $20; re-
fined German nurse and seamstress, Alameda,
$20; German cook, $30; German girl, 2 ladies,
$20. If you want work call MME. LEOPOLD, 20
Stockton st. • ' v'yyyy
COOKS. $25 AND "$37»! GIRL FOR SECOND
work, sleep home, $15; nursegirl, $15; also
nurseglrls, $10 and $12: girls for housework and
assist. -Mils. HIED, 721 Ellis st. >■-...-
WANTED-IiOOD STRONG YOUNG GIRL
tt for general housework; three In the family:
no washing or baking; $10 a month; references.
Call bet. 2 and 4 o'clock at 1015b Post st. .
YOUNG STRONG GIRL: GENERAL HOUSE-
-l work: must be Al plain cook. 219 Broderick.
G1 ERMAN- GIRL, NEAT AND CLEAN.
r 2322 Folsom st.
STRONG YOUNG GIRL: HOUSEWORK AND
cooking. 2327 Bush st. . ; .
ANTED- A YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
it housework. \ 746 Castro st. y .
GOOD FINISHERS ON i PANTS. 373 NA-
toma st. ■ .
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER. 423 SUTTER
street. ' - . ■■.-■■'. ■' . -.- -
W ANTED— 2 'OPERATORS ON, PLAIN
tt work. 7 326 Tehama st., near Fourth. .
ANTeI)-GTrL FOR COOKING AND GKN-
eral housework. Apply 9to 12, 1815 Laguna.
AILORESS ON PANTS; EXPERIENCED
. hand; steady. 604 Kearny St.. top floor.
VV ANTED — FINISHERS; OPERATOR ON
fine custom pants. " 25 Harriet st. -
RESPECTABLE -GIRD - FOR GENERAL
housework.' 729 O'Farrell at. : t '
APPRENTICE GIRL .WITH SOME EXPERI-
ence to learn, tailoring. 611% Jones st. '
TIT ANTED"—" YO UNO ! r girl fob - LIGHT
tt housework.: 1216 Webster st. . y
W ANTED— FIRST-CLASS COOK. 738 ELLIS
tt street. ..■'-. y.-y '.. ■; .: ■..:■--■.■-'"'.. :':.•.■:-:■
,\Vr ANTED— PROTESTANT GIRL FOR GEN-
/tt eral housework ; wages $10.', 1412 Mission st.
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL t OR COOKING AND
-L' general housework. - 181 2 Bush st. , -.'■ . , ■■
"VTOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
-I- work. 437% Jessio st. ■"■;'.:.;•• ■''-.. ;'-,....-■ .. - .' ■-
G'l RL WANTED TO~ ASSIST :. IN LIGHT
housework. 2605 Sacramento 5t..:.; . ;.-■ ■-
NURSE. APPLY! PERSON AT ONCE,
from Ito3 p. m., 1018 Sutter st. - . -. : - ,;,-.
WANTED— GIRL FOR SECOND WORK AND
. waiting. 1307. Hyde st. y.'.. '•:;■■<-'
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN' HOUSEWORK;
-1- sleep at home. 1021 Buchanan st. y • , ,
HELP WANTED— Continued. .
VirANTED^IjrAN^AMERICA?^^ OF
tt four adults, a competent Protestant girl .' for
cooking and general liouseworK; must be under
40 wages $20. Address C, box 122. Call Office.
MEAT j GIRL (GERMAN PREFERRED) AS
It plain cook and laundress: references. ; 1602
Fell st., near Lot U " \' , • - ; >.;
-ANTE - PUPILS , FOR MILLINERY
tt school; class or private; course thorough ; sat-
isfaction guarant'd; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth.
]> ESPECTABLE WOMAN, UNDER 40. FOR
XX general housework; more of home than wages:
3in family. 5-11 Valencia st., near Seventeenth;
apply 9to 12 Sunday, or Monday at 12. y y ■ . .
WANTED — COMPETENT, RELIABLE
tt nurse for infaiit aud 2 children : reference* re-
quired. Address \\'., box 63, Call Office.
THREE LADY SOLICITORS; THOSE HAV-
ing some knowledge of insurance preferred. P.
H. A. Co., room 6, sixth floor, Mills building.
LATEST SYSTEM OF DRESS - CUTTING.
MBS. J. H. FLYNN, 14 McAllister; room 67.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per. night; $1 50 to $6 per
week : f~e bus to and irom the ferry. -
rriHOROUGH COURSE "iN MILLINERY
X taught; will prepare pupils totake positions this
spring. MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121 Tost, nu. 46.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING, FITTING, FlN-
ishing taught: easy to learn; rapid to use: pat-
terns, 25c up, at McDowell Academy, 213 Powell st.
HAIRDRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons.fi 60. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN. HOUSE— DRESS-
cutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9:h.
'\f OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
•"A Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and irom the ferry. ,
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED-COOK AND WIFE FOR MINERS'
tt boarding-house, $50; man for chicken ranch
on shares TO tlemakers; restaurant waiter;- night
waiter and restaurant cook (country), $40. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
"W ANTED-SECOND COOK, PLAIN HOTEL,
»' $25; waiter for a restaurant, young man, $30;
dishwasher, $15; etc. LEON* ANDRE. 316
Stockton st. -. ... - ; '.<:-.
WANT ED— BUTLER"? 35; YOUNG GERMAN
or French boy in family to assist, $20; elder-
ly gardener, $15: young man around garden and
help in the house, $20; etc. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st.
G~ ERMAN MEAT AND PASTRY COOK
country hotel; $60: see party here; second
cook country hotel, $40. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st. ~
BARKER FOR THE WOODS, $40 AND
board; 2 log-cutters for the woods, $40 and
board; teamsters for railroad work; vegetable
gardener, country, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st. ja y : •:-:':>:,
BUTCHER AND SLAUGHTERER (COUN-
try), $40 and found: see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
BARBERS, TAKE NOTICE-ALL BARBER-
shops are notified to close on Saturday, Febru-
ary 22, Washington's birthday, at 12 o'clock noon.
H. A. WOLFE, President Barbers' Association.
QEAMEN FOR MERCHANT VESSELS,
0 whalers and sealers. MORDAUNT & CO..
225 Clay st. •
WANTED— A MAN THOROUGHLY' FA-
tt , miliar with manufacturing pickles, sauces,
etc. 959 Kolsom. '
OOD MAN WANTED; IF ENERGETIC
and reliable, permanent employment. B. 11.,
Call Office. .
BOY WANTED TO RUN ERRANDS. 2009
Fillmore st. . .
■WANTED— GIRL TO SET TYPE. CHAS.
tt WILSON A CO.. 632 Market st.
ANTED-YOUNG MAN TO LEARN METAL-
splnning. 134 Sutter St., top floor.
AN EXPERIENCED RAILROAD LOCATING
engineer. Address E. J., Box 89 Call Office.
WANTED— HEAD COOK AT 43 SECOND ST.
I^XPERIENCED APPRENTICE THAT HAS
i worked on coats. 604 O'Farrell st.
ANTED— AT 1553 MARKET ST.
T* ____I_
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA.
O South Africa. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
ISHWASHER; $10 AND ROOM. 511 VA-
lenclast. _^
ANTE D-A DISHWASHER, FROM $10 TO
$12 a month. 23 Stockton.
GIOOD BARBER WANTED! 14% MONT-
f goruery aye. >
ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN A
tt strictly cash business; will pay $65 per month;
experience not required: must have $150 cash.
Apply 873% Market st., room I.
WANTED — PARTNER IN CORNER SA-
tt loon to make himself useful oehlnd the bar and
look after the place; $200 capital required. Apply
315 Grant aye.. The Coffee.
fIjOAA PARTNER; CHANCE FOR STEADY
Z.\J\J. man; old established saloon. 1026
Larkin. '-.••-■ .yy
B" ARBERS-25C SHOP. WITH BATHS; THE
only shop in town. DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st.
BARBER-SHOP— CENTRA L LOCATION ; LOW
rent; long lease. Apply this office.
RAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRIND-
ing new edge on razor, 26c; razor concaved,
50c; razor honing and setting, 26c, at the Razor
Exchange, 630 Market st. ; first-, lass work. .
ANTED— A LOCAL REPRESENTATIVE
tt in every town on the Pacific Coast. THE
WERNER COMPANY, 927 Market st.
"yOUTH WHO - UNDERSTANDS - STENOO-
X raphy and typewriting; state references and
age. Address N. A. J., box 33. this office. - -y-y
TTents FURNISHING-GOODS salesman
VJ who is competent to take charge of the depart-
ment; also a clothing salesman; also a boy for a
business I house. U. S. Industrial Agency, room
•167, Crocker building.
ANTED-AT ROOM 317,328 MONTGOM-
ery st., clerks a«d laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
' ANTED— A TAILOR.! eiSV^COMMER^
tt cial st. • • . ;
ARTNER— PORK AND SAUSAGE STORE;
clears $75 monthly: small capital. 335 Fourth.
VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
AY 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c ; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room ;
strictest attention to morning cal:s; open all night.
e CREAMERY HALL RESTAURANT; SEAT-
\J ing capacity 120 chairs: meals 6c. 635 Clay st.
TSOR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
X the placer gold fields of Cooks Inlet address
C. D. LAPP, 9 Third st., San Francisco.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant. 187 Fourth.
SALESMAN — TO SELL PETIT. LEDGER S
0 grocers' coupon books and other specialties, by
sample, to merchants; side ' lines ready sellers-
good pay. MODEL Mt'G CO.. South Bend, Ind.
TV" EW. AND SECOND-HAND - SHOES FROM
-li 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
ffljl TO $4 PER-WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMSJ
<fI?A large reading-room. Now Grand, 246 Third.
FORTHE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
try 13% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
Xflfk MEN TO GET A FIXE >-T>'LISH, DU-
oO" rable calf shoe to order. $2 60. 959 Howard.
BA RB ASSOCIATION Or CAL EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Haniann, 238% O'Farrell. ,
WHAT CHEER HOUSE.S29 SACRAMENTO
tt st.: 200 rooms; best in the city single rooms
20 and 26c a night, SI a week : meals 10c. '
TJOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST. : ROOMS
XX, 20c to 60c night: $1 to $4 week: open all night.
WANTED— Mr CHJati ICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
, »T ers to call if they do not receive their jus: dues;
law and commercial collections: no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 10 Sutter st.
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
LJ female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogne mailed.
San Francisco Barber School. 1515 Howard st. ,
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
W ANTED— LABOREB9 AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms: 26c per night: $1 to $3 per week. .
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN . EGG EOOD-
is the beat. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
• W INCHESTKR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST. . NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: readlng-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
1 (if) MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, Foe
J -"v/ and 20c a night. Including coffee, and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
BEST IN CIT /-SINGLE BOOMS. 15. 20 AND
v X? "if. 11 P" night; * 1 « $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leld esdorff sts.
WANTED-MEN To LET. BOTTLE SHARP
tt steam beer, Be; bottle wine.' 6c. 609 Clay st.
VI EN'S %-SOLING 50c: LADIEV 40c: DONE
ata while yuu fralt. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I J ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J J ment. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BEE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
also a bottl tof lager. sc. at 637 Clay st. ■
ANIED-StNGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
tt week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week:
reading-room: daily papers. ; 86 Clay st. .
'PJ'Y ACME HuUSii. V 67 MAKKET ST., BE-
x low Sixth.for a room : 25c a night: $1 a week.
TUSTOUT: NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR^
" ing shoes: call and. see; half-soled In 16 min-
utes, done while you wait: all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed; 562 Mission at., bet. First and Second. '
'40ft MEN'S SECOND-HAN DE WHOES.sOME
.1 \J v nearly new. 25c to *) 25. 662 Mission si.
■\;:>"' ' : ' AGENT. WANTED.
"EXPERIENCED LADY AGEN'IS: NO OTH-
Mark""!^ltr P fl'oo : r b ' Sm ? >ney - CM " oncef 1020
Wih. N T, E, ''*-? IRST - t;I ' ASS SOLICITORS TO
v onS-T? B ?n1 s that wl!I brin « eood returns. J.
> __^f j^LL. 404 Spreekels building. .• 
Fiwr'S/i* 8 ? SOLICITORS WANTED BY
x the California Mutual >. Beneflt Society ladies
and gentlemen ; Bto 9 :30 ■a.m. ■ P. D R AINE
superintendent of.asents, Murphy building. '
FURNITURE "WANTED
M ALONE~PAYS "20 PER" CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to All country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 8 Fourth st, ■< '■: -'•
CASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and . carpets by Lnndy
Furniture Co., 813 Market st.; call or send postal.
-. :■'. peoi'ebti wantei). .
tjT^anted^vacanti/^^ parkorricS
tt mbnd tract preferred) in exchange tor small
Market-st. lodging-house; cash difference. J., box
15. Call Office. - . .
BOARDING AND ROOMS WANTED.
aARD~A>HD?^tOGjr~V^ IN^EX^
P change for upright piano. 16 McAllister St.
li.U i U. 3 \^ AN TE li.
TXT ANTED SMALL FURNISHED OR UNIT I!-
-tt nished room, running water, bet. Geary and
Sacramento and- bet. Larkin and Webster sts.:
state rent, etc. Address R.W., box 160, Call.
Y. AN ELDERLY GERMAN WIDOW 2 UN-
furnished rooms in private family; low rent.
Address Widow, box 20, Call. -■ -
wasted- miscellaneous.
T^GAlXoNT^OF^jnTrir^VA^
I O pay. Address 1032 Howard si.
WANTED TO BUY"ALL KINDS OF BOOKS
tt and pamphle.?. Address C, box 6, Call.
BIG HORSES; MUST WEIGH 1800 .OR
over. BURNSTIN BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
TirANTED— YOUR WATCH. IF IT .NEEDS
tt repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker. 128 Kearny St.. third lloor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st ; send postal.
TODGIN'G-UOISJCS rOIi SALE.
ARGAINS! BARGAINS! ~"
. JOHNSTON A CO., 26 V4 Kearny St.
Lodging-houses from $200 to $3500.
Restaurant near Kearny Street. $150.
Restaurants, saloons and groceries from $175.
TO BUY OUTSELL A LODGING-HOUSE
quick for cash sec GUS STRAND 45 Third st.
CORNER HOUSE: 11 ROOMS: WELL FUR-
nished; price 250. STRAND. 45 Third St.
9A ROOMS; SUNNY COR.; MUST SELL..
±*\J 10-room bouse: very central ; 150
14-room house, worth $1000: price 450
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
9 BOOMS; CLEARS $36 OVER RENT; ALL
othces. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CA-ROOM HOUSE; RENT - ONLY $50; FINE
*J\J corner, clearing $100. Apply to DECKER,
1020 Market st.
4J;ROOM HOUSE, CLEARING 8100 PER
t:T month: price $700: trial given. See DECK-
ER, 1020 Market st. .
91 BOOMS: HOUSE ON MIS-lON ST.; PRICE
AX $1000. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ft7F.A GREAT BARGAIN ON ACCOUNT OF
<JP i tJCf. sicKness; lodging-house 39 rooms; near
transfer car. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
1 A-KOOM HOUSE. NEWLY FURNISHED;
X\J will sacrifice, cheap. 202% Turk st.
. EUKNITUKAJ FOR SALE. ~~
A ROOMS FUBNITUBB. NEW. ...; .$76
x Bedlounges trimmed with p1u5h......; $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c np
English Linoleum, laid .".'.".40c up
Window shades in s colors " 25c up
SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market su," opposite
Grant avenue; no brancn stores.
NE MORE CUT— ~ " ~"
Oak Roll Top Desks.... $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. ...From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets. $17 so up
Oilcloths and Linoleums b'Oc up
Stoves and Ranges .;..... .$3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
• Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN
1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
YEARLY" 200 YARDS OF ALMOST NEW
A-t tine carpeting and some furniture. for sale in
lots to suit. Call to-day on N. D. SICKELS. 620
Market st. y- : »;y> 5
YfOR SALE-NEW FURNITURE OF 7-ROOM
■ flat; all or part; reasonable. 125 Grove.
FURNITURE; 5 ROOMS; ALMOST NEW
A must be sold Immediately. 6 Zoe st.
FOR SALE— THE FURNITURE OF 7^ROOM
house; rooms all occupied. 214 Ellis st.
MODERN FURNITURE OF SIX-KOOM FLAT
ITA for sale; just the thing for any one going
housekeeping. Call 1439 McAllister st.: no dea ers.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, £9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exehged. 779 Mission st.
REDUCTIONSON LARGE 'iTOCK. NEW AND
second-hand; 400 carpet* good as new; oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c; 7-
piece chamber suits, tfi4 50: cornice poles, 250:
ranges, $6;' cash or installments- goods sniuuoJ
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth St. ,t "*'* TO *
carpet cleaning.
ity^teXm^arpi?i^leXn^^
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel South 250.
CI ARPETS CLEANED AND -RENOVATED
I like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 340
.14th St.; Cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
>VI"ATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
IA vating Works HA3IPTON&BAILLY: laylnz
md altering. 313-316 Guerrero; 'Pel. Mission 2IA
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA CLDING'S PloneerCar-
ret Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama; tei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKa. 33i
W Golden Gate aye. ; telephone east 12&
HORSES. ~
Ir<Oß SALE CHEAP— HORSE AND WAGON
with license to peddle; good route. Apply 72
Jessie st. v ,':
OR SALE-HANDSOME IAMILY CAR-
X riage'of .modern style, in excellent condition;
also fine large-sized brown horse; steady, accus-
tomed to, town use and so gentle that a lady can
drive him: with harness, together or separately.
Apply at 822 Broadway, Oakland.
IMNE road TEAM; Handsome bay
A horse 15.2 hands; 6 years old: sound; kind;
gentle and a fine driver; has shown closely a 2:20
gait and a flue bay mare 15:2 3 hands: 5 years
old. sound, gentle and kind: has shown a 2:38 gait
and should trot as a team In 2:40 -or better; either
one is a fine single gent'eman's road horse. Ad-
dress T., dox 11, Call Office.
"I ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
A and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
1 'SO .SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XtJ\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-\vagons. 1128 Mission st. : ;
HOBBEB PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care nnd feed; send for circular. The Hyde
ranch, 630 Commercial st. -
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY' SUR-"
geon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
4 A HORSES" FOR SALE-. ALSO WAGON 4
SjZV* buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every We^nes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS. ALL
AW/ kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy. carta- -
also 20 chean horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts!
FORjALE--MI.>t'ELLA.\EOi,S.
P'OR SA LE-B ARBERS* FIXTURES ;"Vri!
T rate; 2 chairs, dressing case, '2 poles;' excep-
tional. 606 O'Farrell st.
OR SALE — LARGE ICEBOX; GOOD FOR
milkman: cheap. 709 l.ifrkin st.
ALMOST NEW!""7-DRAW ER, . OAK."
%£)sLnJ- standard sewing-machine. 1915 Mission'
near Fifteenth, y. • • . - '
ft9X~"HANDSOME NEW'"HOME SEWING
<IP-jO. machine: equal to new: 7 drawers- a*-
tachments complete cause, going East. 801 Union.
/ i ASOLINE LAUNCH FOR SALE; NEW "1
yj feet long, :--horsepower Pacific gas engine-
price $375. Inquire H. VOGEL, San Francisco
1 acht Club, Sausalito. .■;-,'
V|"EW INCUBATOR, 120 EGGS, $12 50"
--x Brown Leghorn hens and Guinea fowls *1
each. Address 2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
I V II 8 - AND. GIRLS'- N W~»2S" BICYCLES
»J for $10 each. W., box 48. this office.
OMPLETE RESTAURANT FURNITURE I
new; forsale cheap. Apply 51 Clay st.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES!
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st. -
ONE SM ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE"
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 11l Market st.
IJKL.LOWS ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP
J-> small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
r ~\ 0 0- s ECO.ND-HAN D cTitpFfS: ALL SIZES
iJ\J\J and. prices from 25c per yard un J
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st! above Sixth!
FIRE AND BURGLAR SAFE", LETTER-
J^ press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 clay
YEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND^
Vi hand. W. 8. BAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
fIOUNTEKS, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
I bought and sold II2UAMark c t bet. 7th andStb
_^ ATTOKMEYS.AT.LAff.. ~
"A FREE-DIVORCE LAWS^TsPeTi!
x* at y; private; no charge unless snecessful; all
law- suits, claims, col.ections, wills, deeds etc m-
tended to. G. W. Howe, atty-at-law. Market.
T J - " UR "AY : ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
i- . law; advice free. 24 Sixth su. rooms 14, 15.
W W. DAVIDSON. ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW
»T » California st.. rms. 14-1»! advice trta '
_ / BIUiCEKS.
W *J2259* c vc££3TOTßTcTi!r~Hias
"grade; no stamping; all lathe work- cone,
?M?ft , 2l?\. fu ly B u *"«»teed for 2 years. A* L. BAN?
CBOFT A CO., 324 Po.« sU; S. h\ . . ■ BAr<
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LKt:
best accommodations. Terminus GeirrM.:
Alusterand Powell _su car lines. • "•***> **.
wriLPiwe~_jro loan ASSOCIATION.
pONTINEN s"^"jjl'Dl NGprNTLOASr^S"
sociatlon-Home office, 222 Sansome su. 8 F.
General savings <fc loan busiuess. Ed B. Hlll.Pr,*.
1 Oliver Eldridge V.Pr.; W corbiu, Sec.diGeu.Mka
TIUPTNEH*! rFAITCEI.^
PAYISoCOFFBH SALOON: MUST
Zi>). be sold this day; north of Market St.; a "
big bargain. JOHNSTON, 26y Kearny st.
EST PAYING CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY
st. JOHNSTON, 26 V^ Kearny st.
$500.- RESTAURANT.
Worth $1000; cash register included.
ST 10 N BE A CO., 632 Market st., opp. Palace.
(mnrtA RESTAURANT IN VICINITY OF 3
3p I \JyJ. leading theaters: bis tiny and night
trade; receipts will justify investment of $1500.
Apply STENBERG ACQ., 632 Market st.
no' NEATEST, BT>.": 7 -'PAY"INO RES-
»)^«J. taurant n' rth of Market st; easily run;
average receipts $20; sickness. STENBERG A
CO., 632 Market' st. ____, '
Srt»- PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE;
tj£»). 4 living-rooms; Western Addition: pres-
ent owner 2 \-ears: receipts average $ 18: suitable
for man and "wife. STENBERG AC- 1.. 632 Market.
ffIJOAA CORN ERSA LOO NTMTRROR: SAFE;
©^Ul/. piano: well worth the money: actual
cos; fitting up the place $70); 60 room transient
house nnstclrs. STENBEKft * CO.. 632 Market.
~J ,7 A PARTNER: RESTAURANT: TEND
dj) l OU. cash-counter . and assist generally;
owner cook and thorough restaurant man. STEN-
BERG CO., »332 Markctst.
E-STAURAN'T LUNCHHOUSE; VERY
best location: cheep rent; steady run of trade;
trial given if desired: profits will satisfy an Invest-
ment of $1500; will exchange for city real estate.
STENBERG A CO.. 632 Market st.
fif^PvAfl ■ ON ACCOUNT "LARGE AND IN-
(J^uUlf. creasing business, young terchant
wants partner In wholesale and retail fish and oys-
ter business: located In mest ropular and well-
known market In city; controls large first-class
trade: established 30 years: most have help;
clear $500 monthly; best of refer noes: full Inves-
tigation: fortune tor some active man. STEN-
BERG A CO.. 632 Market st.
TO BUY, SELL OK EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
df any kind see STBAND A CO., 45 Third st.
ftJAfl GROCERY AND BAB; ONE OF THE
rii/U. best corners In the city: good business:
large stock; selling on account of. other business:
reasonable rent. See STRAND A CO., 46 Third at.
ftzl^H RESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION:
«T'itJ''. doing steady, profitable business;
handsomely fitted up: worth double; selling on
account of departure. STRAND ACQ., 45Thlra st.
mjOAAA SALOON; HANDSOME PLACE:
i&£.\J\J\J. near Market St.: paying business;
full value: cheap rent. STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
|S"QXA SALOON "AND 'BOA"RDIN(?HOUSEi
ipOOU. near Mall dock: cheap rent; good place
for man and wife. STRAND A CO., 46 Third st.
ft OX A SALOON MEN. ATTENTION —
»PO«Jt/. Saloon, No. 1 location: pays well ; cheap
rant STTt \N!> A- CO.. 45 Third st.
v -'Jill IIH li:: ESTABLISHED OVER 2
fJpOv/U. years; has all cash customers; good
horse and wagon; business worth $500; clears $100
a month: can be easily doubled must sell at once:
trial given before buying. STANLEY, 9 Geary.
5 1 f.A LIGHT BUSINESS; RUN BY SAME
rIP-l-t-'v'. people 2 years; cash trade: easil- man-
aged; clears $20 per week; suitable for two ladles
or man and wife: a decided bargain; must be sold
at once. STANLEY, 9 Geary st.
(DjOXA RESTAURANT, NORTH OF MAR-
dpOUcf . ket: worth at least $500; receipts over
$17 dally; nicely fitted; expenses low. STAN-
LEY, 9 Geary st. '
ftl f^O RESTAURANT.— HANDSOMELY
tip lOlf. fitted .up; doing a large business: in
good location; selling out on account of sickness.
A. McLEAN, 777 Market street.
fflQ^n HANDSOME SALOON— BEST BUSN
iJDOUU; ness location in the city; the stock will
invoice the price asked: thorough Investigation
allowed: Immediate departure cause of selling.
A. McLEAN, 777 Market street. ■■ .-..-,-
VTOTICE —TO SELL YOUR- BUSINESS
At promptly for cash. HEALY A CO.. 23 Kearny.
ftQAA DOWNTOWN COMMISSION-HOUSE
♦JpOUU. doing a large business; fine chance for
an active man; owner will remain until trade is
fully secured. ■ HEALY «fe CO., 23 Kearny st. .
ft9^A PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON:
r^Zitj\J . city front; will cuarantee to pay partner
$60 per month; not necessary to be barkeeper, as
owner will teach him the business: fine chance for
steady man. HEALY «fc CO., 23 Kearny st.
ftl XA PARTNER IN 1 EA. COFFEE AND
«U> 1011. liquor route; clears to each $60 per
month- investigate. HEALY <fc CO.. 23 Kearny.
ft4-AA PARTNER WANTED IN FlRST-
tflittvU. class cssh manufacturing bu<lrieH<:
kept by present owner 12 years; Is highly genteel;
has the patronage of the beat mercantile houses;
clears $20 to $26 per weeic each; a trial allowed.
Apply KENNY ,765 Market st.
D RANCH BAKERIES $150 TO $500
■ » Coffee saloons from $200 to $700
Bestaurnnts from. $-'50 toslooo
Saloons from $126 to $2000
Cigar stores from $250 to $750
Millinery stores from $125 to $2500
1000 her places from.' $100 to $10,010
H. C. DECKER. 1020 .Market St.. opp Fifth.
ft9^o "RESTAURANT; BEST PART OK
i£)ZiO\J. Market st. BABRETT& SKIFF. 921
Market st.
ft 7X A SALOON: CORNER SIDE E~X~-
*iI)IUW. trance: clubrooms; doing good busi-
ness: fair stock: trial before buying. Particulars
with C. T. MARTIN, 6 Eddy St.; call beu 12 and 1.
bAjkBBY. BAKING OVER ONE BARREL A
day; all counter trade; bargain. Apply J.
DREHEB, room 40, Park House, cor. Twenty-
fourth and Mission sts.
1 ) Al l BARGAIN: PLUMBING SHOP, CEN-
X\, trail v located, for sale, cheap, on account of
owner leaving city; any reasonable offer consid-
ered. For particulars call at 35 Eddy st. •
L^OR SALE— BABBER-SHOP; MUST BE
X sold to-day at 3 o'clock: cash or Installmenu
Cor. Fourth and Brannan sts.
■ft 9fL A ■ FIRST- CLASS CORNER SALOON
<T)ii.UU. and billiard hall; cheap rent. Apply
316 Grant avenue. <
- BAKERY. SUITABLE FOR DELl-
cacies and laundry office; cheap. '317 O'Far-
rell st. ..--.r-> -.-■
l&l^n RESTAURANT — IN GOOD RUN-
♦IT' II -'"' nlng order; everything complete. In-
quire Call Office. . ' ■
AN AND WIFE TO RUN DELICACY
store on shares: good location. 414 Geary st.
BA RBE RS- HALF INTER IN GOOD^
paying shop; cheap. 1501 Stockton street.
RESTAURANT— IN GOOD LOCATION AND
business; $200. Apply at Call Office.
fitTfiO i VIL h BUY EXCLUSIVE AftENCY
tip I \J\> for the Pacific Coast for 10 years: busi-
ness established; good-selling article; f.illest in-
vestlgation solicited. Address W. 8., box 71, Call.
ftfi^H CIGAR-STORE, WITH BROOM*
ITOt>V/. and laundry office. C, box 108, Call.
SALOON FOB SALE; CHEAP. 605 MISSION
street. r'-Sr:
UOR'TaIE, OR PARTNER; GREAT BAR :
A gain; sample-room which handles bottle goods
only; wholesale house owns this place and pays
$150 for a barkeepers. Apply H. GEORGE, sa-
loon, 22 Third st.
COAL AND WOOD YARD: FINE LOCATION
a:id well established trade, s. L., box 4.', Call.
\\' ANT ED— SMALL LODGING-HOUSE N. OF
tt Market st. not to exceed $300; agents need
not answer. Address P., box 89. Call.
ftl Zxf\ BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
tff X *jyj. store; laundry, office: 2 furnished
rooms: central ; rent $14. BARRETT A SKIFF.
921 Market st.
DINING-ROOM. KITCHEN AND FIXTURES;
will rent cheap to r gn: party. 1 632 Polk st.
BRANCH Bakery and notion-store!
pleasant furnished rooms; no agents. 440
Guerrero st.
EWLY FITTED-UP COFFEE FRUIT AND
Ai icecream parlor. 2724 Sutter st.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks: can be boughs
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only. •
RESTAURANT AND BAKI . OWNER HAS
other business: can't attend to i:. 917 Mission.
ftl 900, "WILL BUY A STRICTLY LEGITI-
*!£> I.4. \j\j mate manufacturing business; goods
sold by grocers and druggists: large prod s: coo.l
trade already established: every family in the land
a probable customer. For full particulars apply to
' . STEINHAUSER, 460 Twelfth :., Oakland.
ft OOftA MUST BE SOLD; NEW -1-STORY
UKJ\J\r. louse; bar and 3 living-rooms cigar-
store and stable; let 25x120: well located; would
rent for $40: some rush, balance on «-asv terms.
Apply ,7ls Fifth aye., near Gulden Gate Park.
©'dill l-'Oil SALE-WELL -PAYING' BES-
'JT^OU. taurant half a block from Market it •
good for partners: rent $42. Inquire H. GEoRGE,
12 Third st., saloon.
'"UOIt SALE-PAINTING AND PAPER-HANG-
J- ing business; good shop; small rent. Apply 463
Sixth st. .Oakland. - . - ...... *
Q* XA A 22 •< . ""NEW CORNER HOUSE:
tJPOVTU. all full; low rent. 712 Kearny st.
STATIONERY, NOTION, TOY, FANCY
0 goods, candy, cigar and tobacco store for sale:
good location; no opposition: also take a reliable
man as partner with about $250: must speak Ger-
man. D. p., box 56. Call. ,
T^OR SALE-OLD ESTABLISHED GENERAL
«!o m 4^ Uanalse store ,a the San Joaquin Valley;
$IAOOO stock ! will sell at sacrifice: easy terms.
Address t CHARLES POWELL, lock box 355.
Lodi. Cal.
ft9v*S BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND
I 1 ™ * - "' * a-ionery store; 4 living-rooms; rent
$18; no agents. 341 V a Fifth st. -
FOR SALE— A FRENCH LIQUOR-STORE ON
X one of the best corners on Sixth sire t at a sac-
rifice. inquire of E. KuBINET. 411 >-» California st.
FOR SALE-MILK ROUTE: TRADE;
Apply 2824 Mission st. _^-
rriOß. SALE— SALOON: GOOD LOCATION;
1 bargain. 735 Mission st. " . " ■
ARK ET-ST. RESTAURANT AT YOUR
own price: rent paid to March 7. Apply Call.
. NTOKAUK
MERTcA^TTintSnTURE^ar^
ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32.
. 11. "80-. i NY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
. red need rates: basement storage,! 1 50 per load
STORAGE oF FURNITURE, PIANOS^ ETC!
R. K. OSBORN A CO.. 761 and 753 Market st .
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O told goods, etc. , J. M. PIERCE. 735 Mar , L
It'll SON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-*
TT Storage; low rates- telephone South lit.-^^^__H°J[!yJ :s TO T.ET. j
29 >^fe^H^y^ USK; ' BASE^'
H I ; U . S E7 KOOMS-ANDBATH: tGEBASB-
i7oTi«I n i:,I UOd " rn limbing: are« ban, aad'out-
hou« *o-.?J S Hler exlra: electric ears pass the
Aimlvtcr f '''ii Bryant S^ I,ORr T«enty-lifth st.
Apply, too. 11. UMBSEN ACQ., 14 Montgomery.
Si. ."',il house s rooms. BATH; MOD-
"-•• v '••!.. __________________ ear Van Ness aye.
t>SUN.\Y BOOMS DPSTAIBS; 3 LARGE
tJ rooms downstairs, - - Silver St.. apply in rear.
CHEAPEST HOUSE IN CITY; .; B* ROOMS
Scvomoem!" Hern, ?20. 534^ Valencia st.. near
152(1 TAA-Li.it-iu SUNNY BOOMS, BATH.
.°.r. V_^]_P__r 929 Broadway,' near Taylor.
R ,V^ ot ' 7 HiJ »MS AND BASKMENTyW
*-*- Linden aye.. near Van Ness.
Slid 7 ? ' ! l '";>'-'-'- HOUSE. 8 BOOMS
",_'_•; ' : '"tbsth; good yard. McEWEN BROS.,
lih Montgomery s >. »."•..,
*\S 'i'^K^Y^TUDTNKAIt HAMPSHIRE-
~V. •' rooms, bath; yard; rent $17.
I OHO Sl »^ ,' ""^Sv NNY~sI DE BAY-WIN-
i yJOyt dow ho;i!»e of -ii rooms.
'Ml "EABY-HOUSE OF 11 BOOMS WD
— 1 X bath; rent reasonable ; key at 217 Vs-
C* O A 8 ROOMS: 51 < hTkBN CONVENIENCE^
*^ov. tinene^gfiborhood. Apply IS Grant aye
71 $i^ D 7S saiI, LEY. ST.— t AND 5 ROOMS;
f?'\ ft i.i- VI NTH AYE.. COB It. R. AYE.;
tliliforniavI 00mS ' barn and stable nh.ol, 3341.3
tt A J}\ lu j' l ' v : mamma satisfied: PAPA
IIAMM?» v e M :^ l se rented from BALDWIN A
ii. , :■ .\ jI, ■*" M( | : L „u|,.,. g . ,
UIiMSHED HOUSES.
825 d^ftat; a bargain. Apply after 4 p. M .,
S^*j7 l '* ln,fc:U -AT: FOUR NEWLY FUR':
*-- '■■ >■■..'■ rooms; (1,.-;,,,. 527-'',j Geary St.. rear.
COITAGES TO LET. ~
Sl '){ i -SMAlircO^lSiErrKTAY^sE;
*, 'x.mv. near corner Clay and Powell.
Si) '■^TT-AG''-. 3 BOOMS. ON PROSPECT
<jJ <-'. aye. IngtiireTS California aye., nr. Mission.
pOTTA(iE-4 SUNNY ROOMS; BASEMENT:
- 'arce yard; chicken-house; water free; rent
■O^- .:■ «wp«r St., south of Thirtieth, li,-> blocks
norn Iwenty-nlmh X.ell .-trie-cars.
/■IOTT AGE. NEARLY NKW. 5 ROOMS, BATH;
V £2f? -: fine barn; stable: yard
planned. 82S llampshirejt., near Twenty-first.
9 SUNNY' BAY - WINDOW MODERN COT-
~ tages: 4 and 5 rooms; reasonable. 726 Fulton.
rpo LET-COZY COTTAGE IN SAUSALFTo!
-i pood location; Sue view: large Qowerß&rden;
fi rooms: rent reasonable. WILL E. FISHER A-
uo.; 14 lost st.
QJ UNN V BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT OF
t 0 large rooms and bath. 540 Fifteenth St.,
: ur Dolores.
V^"ANT COTTAGE: 488 SEVENTH ST.; 5
J-i rooms: bath, gas, basement, yard: $20; fine
t-o'.ra^-.--. 4 rooms, etc.. $10 50. 959 Harrison st.
FLATS TO LEI.
"1 -.1 "' MISSION, NEAB Ki.l'.Vl-
■x PT.P-4 sunny, papered rooms; bath; laundry;
very cheap.
Q 1 <)' FLAT 6 BOOMS. 716 TEHAMA ST., KE.
', l — Eighth; sunny.
i-LAT OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH. 1613
Folsom St., near Twelfth.
< 1 ", "11 NEW ELEGANT FLAT: 5 BOOMS,
• i'».» Mi. bath; modern. 113 Bernard; key
1216 Pacific.
ELEGANT LOWER FLAT; 1205 GOUGH ST.,
bet, O'Farrell and Geary sis.
OUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND bath!
O 205V'a Guerrero St.; rent $20; key 439 Four-
teenth st.
Qj 9 CONVENIENT , R ioiS FLAT; BASE-
.. I—. ment. 929 Nineteenth st„ cor. Hartford.
A VERP.ERO AND TWENTY-FOURTH ST.,
VT 7 new sonny rooms: bath; stone basement;
pood water; $18.
Q_ " PLAT .-> ROOMS: BATH. 1909 GEARY'
t^XO. street.
Qlij UPPER FLAT OF 4 BOOMS. 109
<_ I. Germania st. Apply grocery Waller and
Fillmore.
LOWER FLAT: 4 BOOMS AND BATH: MA-
rine view and close to cars; modern improve-
ments. 1121 Filbert st. .
[Q LARA— 4 ROOMS; FUBNISHED OR UN-
-• ' furnished; with bath.
V i '-'• FLAT OF S RMS.; MODERN IMPROVE-
iA ments; rent $16. Bluxome St., near Fourth.
3- AND BATH. 409% THIRTEENTH
si., above Valencia.
Ql 0 SUNNY FLAT. 637 MINN A ST.
YKIV SUNNY :> ROOM FLAT; BATH: STA-
A> tlonary tubs. 42 Caselll aye. . near Douglas.
MIOM FLAT; SUN
-'I ail day. 916 Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
/ CORNER TWELFTH % ND HOWARD STS.— 2
VJ sunny bay-window Cats, 7 and 5 rooms, and
bath. No. 1555.
Tm-AT; 4 BOOMS; BATH .~K BEDUCED.
A 221 Laurel aye., off Van Ness, near Eddy.
L" AT: A NICE, LAB ROOMS; BENT REA-
A son able. 444 Clementina su, near Sixth.
Q]v SUNNY FLAT, 5 BOOMS, BATH, 23
0 AO. Birch aye., off Larkin st., bet. Grove and
1 niton.
U- 1 FILLMORE— 6 NICE SUNNY ROOMS.
* 2 bath; cher.p, to good tenant.
I J WEBSTER— 3 NICE FLATS, 5 8., BATH,
A - ! 4r., bath, 3 r.; rent cheap to good tenants. -
T.-'LAT 4 SUNNY BOOMS 11 ELWOOD ST.,
A off O'Farrell, near Mason.
L;: OF HOUSE: 5 BOOAIS; LARGE
vi yard: modern Improvements; reasonable rent.
1119 Nebraska su •
C' NNY DAY-WINDOW FLAT; 1704 WABI7-
O inrtou, near Polk; 6 rooms and bathroom; rent
.T'27 -■•>.
£97 *\fl ELEGANT UPPER FUX: 7
V — i .O\J. large sunny rooms and bath. 8219
Sutter s:.
Qiq AND $14-1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON ,
•y LO near Herman; nice fiats; cheap rent.
(HIIEAP RENT; $14. WITH VATEH; NICE
VJ Ua: 5 rooms, bat.*-. 641 Valencia. .
BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 1025 CLAY. NR. POLK;
7 rooms and bathroom; rent $25.
I T>AY- WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE*, SUNNY
J^ rooms, bit ii. 117 Ferry, near Third; $14. -
"39A 1425 a SACRAMENTO. NEAR HYDE ;
«!/ —U. upper flat 5 sunny rooms and bath.
?.1Q MODERN, SUNNY. UPPER. CORNER
•y 10. flat; 6 rooms; bath; stable. 1232 18th st.
\ Fine flat 0 1 '■' six rooms and bath;
-*V my. Louise St.. near Fourth; rent $14; water
free; oiv*n:on:L's rent free to good tenant. SHAlN-
_y_A___V . ! K'Di.E A CO., -IX Montgomery at.
,i- BAKEB ST., BET. WASHINGTON AND
— ''.)< Clay— Elegant new modern very sunny
Hat; n«:xt to a larsre vacant lot; 5 rooms and bath;
very choice neighborhood; 3 car lines; $27 50.
V, 1 i.L >.. FISH KB & CO., 14 Post St.
AERY FINE SUNNY' FLAT; 3 LARGE
V rooms and bath; all latest improvements.
713 Grove st. j
-; .1 OCTAVIA, NEAR MCALLISTER —
i LA Lovely flat; 7 rooms, bath; latest mprove-
ments; brick" basement.
-1 fiAC HAVES— FINE VIEW OF THE CITY;
JLUUP snnny upper flat: 6 rooms and bath.
S. FLATS.
0 202 Grove St., corner Van Ness aye.
TTPPER FLAT: 7 LARGE SUNNY' BOOMS
U and bath. 827 Hayes SB.
I'LAT- 4 ROOMS, BATH, GAS; YARD;
X cheap rent. 420 Lilly aye.
 •;., NEW, CHOICE 5 SUNNY BOOMS;
». .i.''. bath; modern improvemts. 1708s Hyde.
I. I.\i 6 ROOMS AND BATH. n9"wH7f!IAM
1 st., near Post and Taylor. Inquire 729 Ellis st.
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OK 7 BOOMS,
with bath and all modern imnrovements;
1635 Bush St.; rent $30. MADISON <fc BURKE,
act-nts. . .
IVABY HAPPY: SIAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
XJ fomented; flat rented from BALDWIN *.
HAMMOND, 10 * gomery at. . .
TREATS TO SUIT— BEST PABT OF CITY;
A cenfral'.convenient. economical; Sacramento St.,
below Mason: sunny. Apply 320 Sansome y , rm.4.
V EAR CITY HAL! J SUNNY FLATM; 5
L* and 6 rooms; $21. 825. 147 and 713 Grove St.
I,'ERY TINE FLAT; 7 ROOMS: LARGE
V yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
.CHEAPEST AND"BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY ALL. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ajre free. -
liOLsEkEEi'LNli Ma/OMj*.
- Bash Street.-.
60-r BUSH— 2 FURNISHED, SUNNY BOOMS
U— P for housekeeping; rent moderate.
California Street.
<)XQI CALIFORNIA — 3 ELEGANT FUR-
.i-QOX nisiicd rooms and bath ; cheap- -'- -' ' -
Clay Street.
QliT 8 FINE SUNNY BOOMS WITH YARD
•_ '— • 2419 Clay St., near Fillmore. ~
EUtly Street.
1 OAa eddy-newly FURNISHED HOUSE-
I -.' ' keeping rooms. ■ .
A I 7 EDDY —2- UNFURNISHED OK FUR-
i/i4 nisiicd housekeeping rooms; private family.
Ellis .street.
C A ELLIS — TWO F U B I H E D ROOMS
tJVJQ complete for housekeeping; large yard;
reasonable. '. " .
rrtfl ELLIS— a SUNNY' FRONT SUITES, 3
4 UU rooms each: nicely furnished. '
- J ill Ii Street.
099 FIFTH— 2 -ROOMS FURNISHED • FOB
P— — bousekeei-ing; rent *9.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS -Contlnned.
— Folsom Street.
TWO HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS FURNISHED
complete; separate yard and use of baih; rent
$10. ,935 Folsom street.
Sl NN y . bay-window SUITES UNFUR-
ii'.shed, suitable for business or housekeeping;
bath; running water; $10. up. 1241 Folsom st.,
corner Ninth.
' Fourth Street.
A Z. FOURTH — LARGE FRONT SINGLE
J.*->Q and housekeeping rooms; $6 to $10. .
' Geary Hi eel.
9"I (1 GEARY*— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
a- A suite; also single and for light hkpg.
CA I OBABY — 3 SUNNY ROOMS: FUR-
V?yj I nished or unfurnished; bay-window; man-
tel; elegant new corner fiat.
. Howard Street.
1 T 1 -) HOWAB.D— 2 , SUNNY FRONT FUR-
A 1. * — nished housekeeping rooms; range; bath;
$15.
HOI HOWARD— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
A- "A rooms for housekeeping.
Hayes Street.
OqOl lIAYT.S-2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
OOOg housekeeping; also front parlor, neatly
furnished.
Jessie Street.
nr. 0 JTBSSIE— FLOOR 8 NICE rooms; UN-
yjQ'J furnished; yard; cellar; rent $12.
McAllister Street.
0 1(1 MCALLISTER— NICELY' FURNISHED
P Ay' room for housekeeping.
O/fA Mc LLISTEB fcT.— B SUNNY' UNFUR- .
«"i1 nished mis: housekeeping; water; gas: $12.
Miss on street. ' ;'% ; vy-
Xj'T MISSION, NR. SECOND— FRONT ROOM
PUT and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
"I '__9A MISSION, NEAR NINTH— LARGE
1 l.*)A\J furnished sunny front bay-window house-
-1 keeping rooms; $8 to $10 a month.
Natonia Street.
OI NATOMA — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
OX rooms furnished, $2 a week, for respectable
family.
Sixth Street. •
I 9A SIXTH— HOUSEKEEPING, SINGLE OR
J..— \J en suite: private.
Seventh Street.
1 A 9 SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
1 "I-. rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
a dot tor.
Tehama Street.
AtO TEHAMA — LARGE SUNNY* FRONT
tluO room and kitchen; complete for housekpng.
Twelfth Street.
1 1' TWELFTH, COR. HOWARD- NICELY
X. i«I furnished housekeeping rooms.
. Y'aleiK-i street
Oftl' VALENCIA— 2 SUNNY, BAY-WINDOW
— VJU rooms, furnished for housekeeping; gas,
bath; $16.
Washington Street.
mf\ WASHING-iON, NEAR TAY'LOR-3
F— A'' or 4 nnlurnished rooms for housekeeping.
BOOMS TO LET.
liraunan Street.
__ 99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
txAA of stove; $1 per week.
Bush Street.
1-19- BUSH— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
J- 1 +**J room for gentleman.
California Street.
"1 Jfift CALIFORNIA, NEAR HYDE- FOUR
A'lv'O sunny unfurnished rooms and bath, $20.
Devisadero Street.
I APO DEVISADERO, COR. GOLDEN GATE
A UUP aye.— Furnished rooms for gentlemen.
F-ddy Street.
"J "I Q EDDY-GROUND FLOOR FRONT SUITE
AiO cheap: other rooms, $5 up. -
9 1 Q EDDY— SUNNY' FURNISHED BOOMS;
••IO $2 a week each; private place.
0-1 A EDDY'— NICELY" FURNISHED SUNNY"
UA P back parlor: grate: also single room: rea-
sonable.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS-NEW HOUSE;
incandescent lights in every room; flrst-ciass
reading-room, containing all daily papers; open all
night; rooms per day 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to $8;
month. $8 to $30: lire escapes.
9 A ELLIS — LARGE SUNNY' ALCOVE
— " ' suite and room adjoining; running water.
(iOQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— SUN-NY 'FUR-
UPP nished front room: kitchen; stove; gas ;bath.
- - J ißini' Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
1 Oft EIGHTH— LARGE SUNNY' BACK PAK-
IoO lor; other sunny rooms; $5 up.
Franklin Street.
9/1 "I FRANKLIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
—V/J. room for gentleman: $5 per month.
Fulton Street.
m FULTON— I LARGE ALCOVE BOOM,
nicely furnished; hot and cold water; rea-
sonable. , . ,
Geary Street.
C I £t OEARY'— SUNNY' FURNISHED ROOMS;
PAO double and single; suitable doctors' ofliges;
reasonable. yy
fAX GEARY— FRONT AND BACK DOUBLE
UUP and single rooms; terms retsonable.
79 I GEARY'— LABGE HANDSOMELY FUR-
i AX nisheq room; rent reasonable.
"I 1 Al GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
IJ.UJ Martinet: first-claw modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakfast If desired. .
Golden Gate Avenue.
Q9A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY ALCOVE
U«-U suite: hot and cold water; single reasonable.
Grant Avenue.
7 GRANT AYE.— FURNISHED, 3 CONNECT-
-4 ing rooms, nrst floor, for business; also suites
and single rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
Grove Street.
A (* GROVE, COR. POLK— SUNNY BAY-WIN-
*iU dow suite: also single; neatly furnished; gas;
bath. Call afternoons.
I Or GROVE— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
A^-P room: honsekpg If desired: private family.
Harriet Street.
0 HARRIETT-NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
'J furnished; reasonable.
Harrison Street.
7791 HARBISON, NR. FOURTH-FINELY'
4 I—2 furnished sunny rooms, bath, closet, $1 a
week.
.. Hyde Street.
rAO HYDE— SUNNY, FURNISHED front
t)UO room.
Jones Street.
on 7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
•.'-'-' I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to B3o.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLBAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect : terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
.19ALABKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
'{_• ' suites; single; running water; bath; gas.
Market street.
\roSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
A Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night. 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to 85: families •
-1 1 99MABKET— NICKLY FURNISHED
I 1 — — suite: also single rooms. -■ ■
-1 IQ'l MARKET— SUNNY ROOM SO TABLE
At:OJ- for 2; borne comforts; running water; $12.
Mason treet.
8 MASON. COB. MARKET— ELEGANT SUNNY
suite fronting on Market St.: suitable for doc-
tors; also single rooms; all conveniences. -
Minna street.
CKP.I MINNA, COB. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 4 nished bay-window rooms; '$1 a week;
transient. , -
Mission Street.
A 1 O MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED
DAP front rooms, $1 25 to $2 a week. 
Qijli MIS-lON — SUNNY UN FURNISHED
Oil- floor. 3 atoms; large yard; -kitchen partly
furnished; $15. .-
Q«_)9 MISSION"— NEATLY FURNISHED SUN-
OP—i ny rooms; sin le and double; $5 up; bath. '
VUKOPE HOUSE, 1189 MISSION— NICELY
XJ furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Ninth Street.
9/A NINTH, NR. 'MARKET-FRONT 'BAY-
A\J window suite; singlr; grate; gas; running
water. ' ' •
O'Farrell Street.
199 O'FABBELL — NICELY FURNISHED
J __ room for a gentleman; all conveniences:
central; $8. "
Q99 O'FARRELL — NICELY' FURNISHED
»j— A single and double rooms, from 85 tip.
• ';" Pine Street.
onx PINE— BOOMS $6, $& AND $10, SUIT-
U— 1 able for 2 gents; running water; quiet; «as.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1896.
BOOMS TO LET- Continued. j
■ y Polk, street.
1 RO9 POLK ~ NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
lUU*Jroom, $6: also parlor, $12. |
Post Street.
907 I'OST— PLEASANT FURNISHED SUN-
A\J 4 ny rooms; suitable for downtown clerks.
~AO POST— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
PVf P rooms, en suiteor single; $2 per week up-
ward.
7? 1 ' POST — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS; $5
UlPands6.
A 1 n POST— LARGE NICELY' FURNISHED
''-I- i alcove; gas, bath, running water; also,
large, sunny bac* bedroom; light housekeeping;
rent very reasonable. . "' .y
Kansch Street.
"I 0 RAUSCH ST., NEAR HOYVARD-S NICE
A V> unfurnished rooms: large yard; cheap rent.
Co veil Street.
9"] C POWELL-S UN N V FURNISHED
AXO rooms, $8 and $10.
OOR POWELL, COR. GEABY'-^S FURNISHED
A ;*-P sunny rooms: suitable for offices or house-
keeping; ground floor; yard. ~ _^
Seventh Street.
"1 DO S E V E NTH— FURN I SHED FRONT
APP sunny rooms adjoining housekeeping; cheap.
Seventeenth Street. y.'_
AO 0 SEVENTEENTH— FURNISHED ROOM,
"AOV/ with or without board.
Steve nsoii Street.
XT O STEVENSO'V— NICELY FURNISHED
PAP rooms; clean, new and comfortable; rent
reasonable. -
Sutter Street.
"I 1 JO SUTTER, «JOB. POLK-FINE SUNNY
AAatO rooms: rea'.onable: light housekeeping;
transients accommodated.
1 9H,! 1 SUTTEE-SMALL, SUNNY' FRONT
XAyj'X'i room; bath; gas; $8.
Taylor Street.
1 o*3 TAYLOR -"NIC FURNISHED
XVJCJ front and back parlor for housekeeping.
IAQ TAYLOR— NEW LV FURNISHED
X-±0 rooms from $10 up.
Tenth Street.
"I 9Q TENTH — LARGE SUNNY BOOMS,
■1— suite or single; light housekeeping if need-
ed; rent lo£.
Third Street.
TXT INCH ESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per nizht ; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r'm : free bus.
00 1 THJBD— TWO UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
PP^t keeping rooms; water free; j>6. -
Twelfth Street.
9A TWELFTH, BET. MISSION AND HOW-
—^Vf aid— Furnished room; cheap.
Van Ness Aveune.
9] Q VAN NESS— SUNNY, NEWLY FUR-
"IO nlsbed bay-window room: hot and cold
water; very desirable for two gentlemen.
"West Mission Street.
■7Q WEST MISSION— CHEERFUL ROOMS
4 O furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY" HALL— FUR-
nisbed rooms: single or en suite: $8 and $16 up.
UOAi.OtSu AND aoo.us.
T_T99~iiyde"!^lTrg^ BOllMsl
X ±AA marine view; board for 2; $40 and $50.
1 Q/l MCALLISTER — NICELY FURNISHED
A«J"i rooms with board; terms reasonable.
999 TURK— SUNNY BOOMS; WITH OB
AAA without board reference.
OTEL BEETLING. 714 LUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
era conveniences. _•_ ' •_
CUILOHEN BOARDEI).
REFINED WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO HAVE
1 or 2 children to board: nice home; mother's
care; best of references. 1205 Laguna st.
OOD HOME FOR INI ANT; TERMS MOD-
erate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell and Mason.
I ADY IN COUNTRY WISHES 1 2 SMALL
A-i children to board; good home; reasonable.
Apply at Call Oflice.
\TUBSE WISHES 1 OK 2 CHILDREN TO
■!■> board: $10 month. 2819 Sixteenth st.
STOIDS TO LET. ~~
TORE'^CND'TItOOM^rCHEAP^E^^
O Seventh st. : .y, ■-.■<
TO LET— STORE AND 2 LIVING-ROOMS: NE.
cor. Eddy and Bourbon sts.; rent, reasonable.
WILL E. FISHES A CO., 14 Pus: st.
OFFICES TO LET.
T/jO^/MAIUCET^IsTc^^
Xyj±. I to dentist or real estate: a splendid
chance: $12.
LEGANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket St., cor. Stockton; first floor.
91 7 GBABY— PARLOR FLOOR: SUITABLE
AX I for business. Key 217 1/2, rear.
X? LEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
XJ building, 825 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or O. H. UMP.SKN A CO.. 14 _______£ st.
EIJUtATIONAb.
Rsr^rETvTLLdr~ssrYi^ir~sT^ dT^TSo
Sutterst.; teacher vocal- music (Italian meth-
od), piano and elocution; dramatic elocution a spe-
cialty; vocal and Shakespearean classes.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo.' 1707 Market
St.; office hours, 1 to 3 P. m.
I?NOHSH BRANCHES TAUGHT; PBIVATK
AJ ordass: ail ages; moderate MISS DILLON,
305 Larkin st.
OPANTSII. FRENCH and GERMAN acade-
O my: Castilian, Parisian and Vienna professors-
-3 lessons week ; $3 month. 1170 Market, room 37.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEF-
A iii , shorthand, etc Stlehl's College, 723 Market
TTiBENCH; SPANISH, ETC. PROF. DE FIL-
A IPPE'S Academy of Languages, 320 Post st.,
established 1871. .■.-.:.'•-..:
piANO LESSONS: CLASSICAL COURSE AND
A simple music -taught; accompanists taught;
lessons 50c. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
TOSEPB GBEVENJ VOICE IMPROVER. "83
O Ninth st.
MISS ROLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
-ijA mento— Hoard. En^lsh, French, German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement; coach.
PNG LISH, LATIN. MATHEMATICS, KNG-
i J lisn literature a specialty. MISS BOULSTON,
724 O'Farrell st. ,- ,' •;
ELOCUTION-DRAMA, DELSARTE, PHYSI- '-
AJcal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde st.; call after 1 p. m.
O UDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
-0 sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
L»ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7tli and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanicat engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay^estab. '64. VAN DEB N AILLEX, 723 Mkt.
"iriOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
\ taught. Prof. L.MERKI, 225 Geary treasonable
"L- P a NIHH, FRENCH. GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterso'uaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HE A LD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. write for catalogue.
IGHT SCH OOLjUEALD'S S. COLLEGE ;24
Is Post : commercial, shorthand. English; low ra'e^
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
T sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045V_ Valencia
/'HEMISTRY' AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
* ■> ham's School, for Gearv and Powell w ts.
UtiAL ttUTIVtuS.
VTOTIC iT^NOTICE IS H ERE B v"~GIV EN
Al that there are funds in the treasury to redeem
bonds Issued on levee district No. 1 of Sutt r
County, Cal., according to an act of the Legisla-
ture approved April 9, 1880, -as .follows, to wit-
Bond No. 106, $500; bond No. 106, $500; bond
No. 104, $500; bond No. 103, $500: bond No. 102,
$500; bond No. 101, $500; bond No. 100. $500-
-bond No. 99, $500; bond No. 98. $500; bond No'
97, $600, and bond No. 94, $500; and that at the
expiration of thirty days from the date of this no-
tice, if said bonds are not . presented for redemp-
tion, the Interest ' thereon . will cease, from and
after which time no interest shall 1 bo allowed on
said bonds. . - L. COPE,
Treasurer of Suiter County, Cal.
Dated, Yuba City, February 10, 1836.
DEPARTMENT NO. i), PUOUA TK— IN IHE
Superior Court in and for the City and County
of San Francisco. Slate of California:-;' In the mat-
ter of the estate of ANNE GILL, -sometimes
known as ANNIE GILL, deceased— Notice is
hereby given that MONDAY", the 17ih day of
February, A. D. 1896, at 10 -o'clock a. m. of "said
day, and the courtroom- of Department No. 9 ■ of
sold court, at the New city Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, Mate of California, have
been appointed as the lime and place for proving
the will of said ANN*: GILL, sometimes known
as ANNIE GILL, deceased, and for bearing -the
application of MARY GILL for the Issuance to her
of letters testamentary." - ■' - j -y '• '
Dated February 1, A. D. 1890. : -
-, ;-.-- CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
By V. F. NoaTHßOP,' Deputy Clerk.
J. E. McEr.ROv; Attorney for Petitioner. '
PHYSICIANS. ' .-'.'
OB.A.dkLUCIS.PHTSICN-SUBGEON.RQY'AL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
EJIOVkD— DR. <X- C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
Market st. diseases of women a specialty.
SEWING ' MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. -. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
TXT ANTE D-YOl'Ni iTalvFto^Xke^AßT
" » in dramatic performance to take place at a
local theater. Address Y. L., box 41, Call Oflice.
KS. DR. NET A BRUNDAGE~CJUIROPO^
dist; lost vitality restored. Ollice 11, 51A
Kearny j st. •
E~ XPERIENCED LADIES' . HAIRDRESSER
desires engagements In a first-class house. Ad-
dress L. H., box 41, Call.
PANISH. FRENCH AND GERMAN ACAD-
emy: Castilian, Paris and Vienna professors; 3
lessons week; $3 mo. - 1170 Market st., room 37.
1^ REE— 20-PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT. PERFECT
A" and Defective," postpaid. L. KUTTNEK A CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market si., Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
IP F. WEST, M.D.— SPECIALTIES,
J. tism, epilepsy and .obstetrics. 12 Eddy st.
iT?BSrD^X"sYKIS^BEAUTA- DOCTOR. HAS
lA taken offices at 330 Ellis St.; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
PROFESSIONAL LADY'S NURSE— MRS. Mo-
CARTHY; city or country. 2520 Sutter st.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A. SPE-
dally; private: no charae unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
BLANCHE— TELL MAMMA TO GO TO LE-
' • DERER'S, 111 Stockton St., for that switch-
he sells $1 and -fl 60 switches, very best, for 75
cents and $1, ana dresses hair any style very-
swell for 25 cents. " LOU.
\| RS. M. II." OBER. HEADQUARTERS OF
-I*l Y'psilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figu es.
Sole agent • for Equipoise Waists, Jeunes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco. '
CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
for paper-banging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA: $1: HAIR DYE;~PER-
J fectly harmless; easily applied; all druggists.
LANOLEY A MICHAELS CO., agents, & F.
<2* A FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS,
tj) X capes, sold at 10c on the dollar In the base-
meat of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.
ADDRESSED TO THOSE nO WANT TO
become rich— lnvest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicago) ; I will sell you property- for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSOHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., & F.
TELEPHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
Polk, sells high-grade chicken' tamales and oys-
ter loaves; delivery to 12 p. m. , .
LOR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
J STRASSER, 78 and Center Market.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes; instructors, .1. 11. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partington, K.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. E. BOBBINS, THE CELEBRATED SHY-
siclan, has removed fra 8 Mason to 1508 Market
EN.RY HUFSCHMIDT, PLUMBER AND
gastitter; gns fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
DEAR! HING.IX I I NG.T it A -
C?cing,collectlng.GßAHAM'Sagncy,632 Alrkt,r.B.
"1 AAA BUSINESS CARDS, Si si-; TELK-
AvUlf phone "Black 141." ILL.22 Geary, r. 89
OURQUIN'SCAL'A^ASTTfitfATIcrPAPER;
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
Di: ess-^thfTaurapu one RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed reo. F. F. NLA A', 10 California st., S. F.
<__■ I A ROOM : PETS CLEANED ON THE
«IP 1 floor. . 206 Leavenworth st.
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, sl-.elvings, mirrors, desks!
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock aud get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019
1021, 10.3 Mission at., above -Ixth.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM—
chester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; Sl 50 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
LB KB AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. • 948 Market st.
LD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND -SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfra' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN. 41 Third st.
ORI-SSMAKERN.
P9"I IGE A lit Y sf^STYLISH S ILK WA I STS.
U~l goodsf prnlshed, 50 up: latest dresses $ 5 .
LOST. ™~
SUNDAY", 16TII, IN GOLDEN. GATE
XJ Park, pair gold spectacles and gold chain. A
valuable reward given to the party returning to
522 Baker st.
OST— NAVY BLUE, OVERCOAT; VELVET
collar: Sunday afternoon on Gough or Frank-
lin sts.; $6 reward by returning to C. W., Park
Hotel. 28 Turk st.
C> C REWARD; BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND
nDPdog, 8 mouths old, two feet high. Return
541 Mission st. ■ -..,- ■-■;
I, OST— GOLD PLATINUM CUFF BUTTON.
-Li Return to JOHN WISE, 715 Howard St., and
receive reward. ;-y ....^.y •_ y. ,y . ..... -. -
LOST- PURSE. ON ELLIS, BET. JONES AND
Leavenworth, containing *5 gold, some silver
and $15 receipt ; liberal reward. 4i's Ellis. •
It LA Rl . 1 GRAYISH BLOODHOUND,
X J white breast and paws: suitable reward.
Sisters St. Joseph's Home, Park Hill aye.
T OST— BLACK COCKER SPANIEL, NAMED
XJ "Rich"; $10 reward. 700 Alarket St.
LOST— PASSBOOK Will 1 THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of san- Francisco in
the name of JAMEs W. VINER. No. 185,556.
The finder will-please return to bank.
T OST— 12. BET. SIXTH ST. and san
Xj Bruno road, deed to 138 acres of laud. Re-
turn San Bruno Hotel, San Bruno road, receive
reward.
OST— BETWEEN CITY HALL AND JEF-
ferson square, ladles' hunting-case gold watch,
with name inside. A handsome reward will be
given for the return of same to Call Ollice.
T OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
J-i not getting my shoes male to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 Turk St., near Jones.
CLAIRVOYANT^
1 ) EDUCED— SOC— $1. REDUCED—
At THE WORLD'S CELEBRATED
CLAIRVOYANT A MIST MEDIUM,
PROF.- LEON, gives advice on business, specula-
tion, love, marr. age, divorce, etc.; tells of your
friends and enemies: removes evil influences: call
and be convinced; hours, 9to 8dally ; also Sunday.
PROF. LEON, 533 Post st.
TAB LIGHT" IS LOCATED T,116a GRANT
aye.. parlor 5; office hours, 10 a. m. to 7 p. it.
ME. DR.' THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC BBVKAlr-
er.by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
nelp; restores lout love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee l: letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
A UGU T A LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLE ''
-^v magic charms. love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortuue telling; \
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the i
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms; I
fee-f I and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth. !
MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT, PICTURE ]
of future husband or wife. 766y a Howard st. >
_ PORTER, C A D - A D KB ; TELLS
X past, present, future; ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, $1 50. 126 Turk, "nr. Jones.
ME. BAVENA SITS DAILY; SUBE TIPS
on races: -names given; 23c up. 828 Howard.
ME. MO REA U. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future up.764 Howard st.
Ai ME. ABNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER in
AfJ the world: 50c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
BO F~. ZANZIC, OCCULT SCIENTIST, PA 1.51-
A ist, 303 Mason; sittings 50c; ways crowded.
Ra — bauman, THE BENOWNED
medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
VI ME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM: THE
1»J greatest card reader and clairvoyant- in the
world; seventh daughter of seventh, daughter;
ladles or gents 50a 017 Market . parlors 3 and 4. a
—————— ——-—___
sriiuTu.vLisai^
B& J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings fl. 218 Stockton St.
———————— _
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM OR MESMERIsSrT^AUGHTC
Four (4) different methods taught in four
weeks' time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those Interested in it's therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if not cured. None taught but those fur-
nishing first-class reference or recommendations
Correspondence solicited. Address.l. WIRT CUM-
M INs. Ph. G., Call office. 1018 Broadway, Oaklnd.
I>ENTISTS.
F/FoF~TEETirvWHOU ;
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
I R. GEORGE VV. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of .improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS .EXTRACTION., 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experie cc. R. L. WALsH, D.D.8., 618*4 Geary.
. .B. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BBIDG&
I ' work a special open evenings 7:30 to 9..
DR. L. T. CRAKZ-r EXTRACTION PAINLESS '
crown ■ work, bridge work and teeth ■ without
t.lates v specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye. -
CIBOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
y / ket. bet. 3d and. 4tb, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frmfS; fillings frm 1; extracting 50c. with gas 1.
$7 A SET FOR "TEETH; '■■ WARRANTED AS
<Jp I -good as can be made; filling 1; DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market, St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I »R. LUDLUM-HILli, t 1443 ARK ET~ST~
X-> near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given. '
, OLTON DENTAL ■ ASSOCIATION. bOo MAR.
.VJ ket st. *: DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. y
DB; J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
I J Gate aye.— Open evenings : Sundays till noon. '
LL WORK REASONABLE AND wlj
ranted. DR. J, W. KEY/1122 Market st. ■ - -y
;_■_-_ PIANOS. VIOLINS. 'ETC.
I ADY MUST SELL ST'I^'W^Y~ANtS~OF-
J i fers It at an exceedingly low price. Apply ■at
809 Market st., room 21. • .-■■ . ;•-
CHOICE CHICKERING . RACKIFCED BY
___ party leaving the city. 809 Market St., room 21.
©I P_A ELEGANT NEW. UPBIGirFPIANO;
<fI7APv. splendid tone; warranted. 115 Seventh.
GOOD SQUARE PIANO; SELL VERY CHEAP.
f 83 Everett st. - .
OC SECOND-HAND PIANOS AT FROM $75
— Pup; good instruments, all of them: small in-
stallments. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post
St., San Francisco.
AINES BKOS. PIANO: WITHOUT A BUPE-
rior; we invite comparison: prices moderate.
A. L. BANCBOFT A CO., 324 Post st, S. F.
A SPECIAL 8 ALE OF PIANOS. CHEAP FOB
Js\- cash, this week at JIALVA IS", 769 Market st.
BA RGAIN— FIRST-CLASS UPBIGHT PIANO;
walnu t case. Piano, box 42, Call Office.
COME IN "and™ HEAR THE Latest
novelty— the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, nil in one very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it;
beau'iful ert'ect. J. T. BOWERS A SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
T GREAT^SACRIFICE— UPBLGHT PIANO
of standard make; In use but few months.
2030 Bush st,, near Webster; call In the morning.
UPBIGHT PIANO AT A BARGAIN; USED
> only 2 months. 1234 Bush st.
d>QA CHICKEKING ROSEWOOD PIANO;
t£)U\J. cost 500; $s lnstallmts. 22l Leavenworth
MAHOGANY UPBIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
at once 1623 Buchanan. « yy
SHAW, 9425; 2 STEINWAYS, $21 5, f195:
Sommer, f-'37; squares, 25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
PIANOS— '
Ilazelton, Remmfi nnd Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. 735 Market st. .
9fl CMlfl SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. CO PA. 3TAT-
AXJ.yjyjyj HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st.
ftfO PIANO SO SWEET AS THE "BRUENN;"
AN warranted ten years. ' 228 Post st.
OOD PIANOS. CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
VX good, at MADVAIB', 769 Alarket st. '
HAINES BROS. PIANO, PATTi'S PBEFER-
ence; also renowned Bush A Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post st.
CONOVEB PIANO; AS GOO D^AS NEW;
J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. y ,' . '
C~ If IC KE X I , K N . M'. I : . STECK.VOSE, STER-
ling pianos: see our -w piano forf 187; pianos
ior rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell.
rjLG. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
" rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
end organs sold for cash or installments.
A 8 OUB NEW RENT - CONTRACT -
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to lake advantage of it* please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY A. CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts. - • - .
■ fflj I 7 P. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
:<_? X I P. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS.; STKINWAY.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used :
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEK A
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. --'--.
EASY TERMS PRICES. KOHLEK &
CHASE. '
Y'RON.. MA UZY, 308 . POST ST.-SOUMER,
Newby A Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
QTEINWAY, f215: WEBER, $265; SOMER,
0 $237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and f55.
HEINE. 410 Post st. -
ABP.fVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 'Hi
Ninth st.
PEN FOR BUSINESS! T"
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
In San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
y-'-'T'' 929 Market st.. Spreekels buildin?.
F. A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
v nited States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. -- ■- * .
AIONEY TO LOAN.
irect From" 6n~your furniture
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build 'g. 1170 Market st.
1 ST »fc 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E?
Atates;lowest rates;no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
NY SUM OF MONEY" - ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos; lowest, rate; call and
state your proposition or write; open evenings.
-'■ • J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission st.
Q^flfl C\(\(\ ON kbal ESTATE; LOWEST
<T>PU<',UUUrates. A.SCHULLEB,SOB Montgy
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR COL-
laterals. JAS. E. DAMON, 303 Montgnmry st.
LOANS ON REAL "ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER. 240 Montgomery.
ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, - WAR-
rants. SALOMON A C 0. .328 Montgomry,r.2l4.
OAKLAND LOANS ON REAL ESTATE;
first mortgages secured on short notice; cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M.CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
ONEY TOLOANTPBIVATE. 410 KEARNY'
st., room 6. -^y v: — y y : -:y :
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JE ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT; IST. 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
xA estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ON FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE
party ; low Interest ; strictly private. 215 Powell.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
Ilo6Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance? Turk.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : prl-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL. ~
LOANS ON IST AND 2D JIORTGAGEHAND
life Insurance policies: low rate of Interest:
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st.
<£! 1 i\(l (\f\f\ TO LOAN-ON - INSU~i£
tflftlUU.UUUance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. . ■■ -■
MEBCHANT WANTS 2000 FOP. 1 OB 2
years at 10 percent., on f 13,000 security,
7000 insurance; Al reference; full investigation.
Aduress Business, Call Branch, - Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
MEDICAL.
A LL FEM A L E^^BRE^LARrriES RE-
x\. stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once: home in cor:-
finemt; i: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MBS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING from
i> female troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never falls to cure a single case: beware
of frauds: come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank; consul! free
D It. and MBS. DA VIES; home in confinement;
French Female Pink Pills.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
j\. nients or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, • no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
ADIES— CHICHESTER'S - ENGLISH PEN-
ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Belief for Ladles," in letter by return
mail; , at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. .
LADIES, CONSULT. FREE MBS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; f5OO
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated.
"HOME, A FRIEND AND'MOTHE CARE;
housekeeping .- apartments; • strictly private.
MBS. DB. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
LFEAU'B - FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; 89 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal. '
I^CZEAiA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
Aii grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated at 1207 Market st., rooms 2 and 3; German
spoken. ■ ■ -..'.-. - ■-, y. --, -
MRS. G. WOOD.. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specialty. 230 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
"as. AND DR. HERWIG, PRIVATE CON-
finement home; good care and attendance;
prices reasouable.. 710 Ellis st. -~ , •■ -
it. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
_.Jones. \ Diseases of women and children.
88. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all - cases of Ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients: beat skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, f2.
1370 Market. .-,■. -. . . ■ .
I ADIES — DAUDET'S | FEMALE BEGULA
J ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
fl per box. WIDBER'B drugstore, 1* Ellis st,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
"SURE "CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dl*
J v eases, from whatever cause; a boms in , con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MBS. DB. GWYEB. 226 Turk st. -
VI BS. DR WEGENER; PBIVATE HOME IN
'A I confinement: * Irregularities cured in •a " few
hours without operation: pills fB. ■ 419 Eddy st. • -
IF IRBEGULAB OB ANY FEMALE DISEASE
A see Mrs. Dr. _______ and be ■ content. ____>___ 4th.
, EXCHANGE.
£~~ XCnk^GK^TW^ATAIT^ ALL
clear. In Moss Tract," near Fruit vale and San
Leandro electric road, for lot In San Francisco;' will '
assume small mortgage. Addres • N., box 89, Call
Office: no agent.' . y ■.:.■■;.':.-.'■.-:■
GOOD RENTING OAKLAND AND BEKKE-
vX ley property to exchange for I land or ranches.
J. H. KDSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland. ■
OR SALE OR TO EXCHANGE FOR GOOD
c ear properLy in California— An Interest In a
very prosperous manufacturing business near Den-
ver, Colo.; is free from debt: baa valuable prop-
erty and making money steadily; the interest of-
fered pays good , interest on f 20,000; owner com-
pelled to change climate. For particulars call on
or address HARRY M. MORSE,: 906 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. ■,.--,-,■.-...
CITY BEAL ESTATE.
~~M. S^CK^CoTTooV JIAR^ HT.'""""
• 12 rooms: good furniture: part payment.s3oo
16 rooms; vicinity of 4 theaters.. : 600
23 rooms; Post si.: half cash; snap ........ 960
60 rooms: no vacant rooms:, half cast... 1500
CM £.1)0 FOIt SALE— I BLOCK FBOM THE
<uiAtHHJ. park; new house, 6 rooms, bssrmeut
and attic; well built and finely arranged. Take
McAlllster-st. car to Stanyan and apply at Park
House. ....
ftl AHA FINE CORNER; 101x100; ON
tJPAUHU. Ca i_ and ev> B. B. In Berkeley; $50
down, $i 5 monthly.
$350-1 acre hill land; *5 monthly.
$750— Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly. .'■
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St.
BARGAIN— 2 FINE FLATS: 5 AND 6 BOOMS
and bath; stable; lot 25x137:8. 633 and 535
Frederick st.. nr. Stanyan. Apply on premises
from 1 to 4 v. m.
1 AAA VERY CHEAP; D ST. AND MTH
'$?, y, '""' aye., facing the park; 460x120.
THOMAS MAUEE A SONS. 4 Montgomery st.
I > BIGHT, CHEEBY, HEALTHFUL LOCA-
XJ tion. Frultvale Terminal Tract: lots $160 up.
<Si\ 056 V FIR.-T- CLASS IMP.IOVR
tipxyyj ments of a chicken ranch; suitable for a
fancier. Particulars ,L. M. FISCHER, 546 Thir-
tleth aye., San Bruno road.
SSI I WANTED ON FIBSTMOBTGAOE;
*J7Xc»V»V7 excellent security; 12 per cent In-
terest. 410 Kearny st., room 6.
RQ9f\ lF TAKENyATONCE; LEVEL LOT. 1
*P~AO block S. of the park. Call at once, 9
Powell st., room 3. -
FOR SALE— SUNNY' BAY-WIN now 7-BOOM
A flat; well furnished. Apply marble-shop, 112
Golden Gate aye.
11*03 BALE OB EXCHANGE - FOB SAN
A Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Auniv
28V 2 Zoe st., city. • .y *
3 FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc, built fors32oo: 6-room cottaire
and $1500. JaS McCON A ii A V.1149 Mission
COLNTKY KEAL ESTATE.
gD^STE^AIXIF&7?O.^
Sacramento and Sax Fran-cisco.
The Only Exclusive Country Real Estate Dealers
in San Francisco .
fljjOOfiiV 310 ACRES; LOCATED 6 MILES
*&A-* \J\J. from Middletown, Lake Co.; 5 acres in
orchard, 2 acres T> vineyard, 5- roomed house, barn,
granary, etc.; mineral springs; plenty wood and
water: some personal property.
<Siil(\C\ 60 ACRES; LOCATED 5 MILES
»JP I \J\J. from Orl.iud; all fine level land; suite!
for fruits or vegetables; was planted to grain last
year. -\ --•"•'•
< ft99on 20 ACRES; LOCATED 1 MILE
tJDA— i\J\.f. from Loomia, Placer County: small
house, stable, etc.; 7 acres in fruit, berries," etc.; all
can be irrigated; easy terms, -mmw
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO., :? .
__^ - 99, second door. Mills building.
ESTABLISHED.... 18 YEA
N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized I AND OFFICE In America,
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
OB A BLOSSOM COLONY. ~~~
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO.. CAU
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acre?
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus Biver, two
and a half miles from Oakdale. the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad onthellne between
StocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and Ban
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-' !
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property Is under the immediate j
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist, '
who has received diplomas and medals at eight j
different county fairs in the State and for a small j
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry conntry, with ft perfect natural 1
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by '
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right J
and planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim- I
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $70 j
per acre. Terms: ' The purchase price payable la
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, al-
dress
EAfaTON, ELDBIDOE <fc CO.,
638 Marice- Street.
San Francisco. CaL
CrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
Oakdale, CaL
©1-1 f\f\(i P-ANCH.I6OACB , 50 A <
<PX 1 •UUU. fruit and vines, balance under cul-
tivation; 40 miles from city. L.. box 19, Call.
C COTTAGE, 9 ROOMS AN BASEMENT,
> with 5 acres land; house hard-Hnished and
celled; waterplped; less than one-quarter, mile
from popular summer resort; line place for road-
side house or lovely home; house sold with or
without land. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City, cal.;
Inquire 632 Market St., S. F. .y-J
MABIN COUNTY-5000~ACBES 26 MILES
from San Francisco '
Baucho de Novato. ■■■ r'-.'
Tracts cut any size desired; frnlt, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 tier acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
8 N D TE IN YES I MENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
SEND FOB OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOBTEB A WH ITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
y.y OAKLAND, REAL ESTATE, y
<Si. c >Z.(\C\ 01l EXCHANGE — 2-STORY
t^iOO\J\J. house; lot 60x100: well located.
ALDEN A GARFIELD, 902 Broadway. y
0£ ACRES, SANTA CLARA . COUNTY, AT
A\J Saratoga: 20 acres fruit; house and barn;
$6750; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot on Grove st. and Plymouth aye.. Oakland;
50x116; very cheap. C. K. K1NG, 902 Broadway
Q7^fl HOUSE AND LOT IN""OALKAND
<© I O\J. city. ALDKN A GABFIELB, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
II I All CA.-SH AND 920 PEtt MONTH WILL
♦IP 1 yJtJ secure a new 5-room cottage: largo lot;
close to statiou and electric cars: price $1800.
W. C. MORA . Lorin station, Berkeley.
<£ £\tl(\(i NEW HOUSE; 9 BOOMS AND
*TpO\Jyt\J. stable; cornerlot; 50x130: southeast
corner Eighth aye. and East Twentieth st., Oak-
land. Inquire next door above.
QJI Aft LOTS AT FBUITVALE STATION;
A yJyJ. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
tf»OA MONTHLY FOB 5-ROOM CuTTAGES;
qpAVI plans free. F. BOGGLE. Golden Gate statu.
•1 Zifi WTS NEAB THE ALTENHEIM IN
'WXOXJ. Frnitvale: electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling last: good Improvements.
H. B. PINNEY .owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— LOCATIOnIFoR A ! DOCTOR
and dentist; 6 rooms and bath; constantly oc-
cupied for 16 years. Cor. Center and Seventh sts.,
West Oakland.
OR RENT— OAKLAND: NEW 7-ROOM
house, with bath; fine neighborhood: centrally
located : 1 minute's walk from local train; price
$30, including water. Inquire room 12, Chronicle
building, S. F. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAIf DA EFALISTAIE.
(gjzjQnO house OF 8 ROOMS: MODERN:
rJp-IOV/V/. near narrow-gauge station: street Im-
proved; northwest corner; former price $6000.
$1000: lot 60x200; street improved: former
price $1500.
T. F. BAIRD, Real Estate and Insurance, 1303
Park st., Alameda. .
. * i;i-.ill-.K1.1A HEAL ESTATE.
YOU SEE THEY ARE BOOMING STOCK-
A ton, but any sane person prefers "Berkeley the
beautiful." Look at this: A new 9-room house,
near university, street work all done, and only
$3200. JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY,
real estate.
Santa'clara c6^jntyT*roperty^ "
O for sale or exchange for city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds:
large oaks; suitable ior gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boarding; with 160 acres or less:
stable, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, . bored
well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming Imple-
ments, wagons,' horses, cows, pics,' chickens;' 30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres In wheat
and barley. For price and fur her particulars apply
E. McCURBIE, oftTca Lloyd Tevls. Mills bldg. S. F I
__^— __;-
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of. the publication offices ■ and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
y' '"ry'' ? y.::'y' , ii"BOJßN. r '_ ; ' '..
SCHWARTZ-In this city, February 1896, to
the wife of William M. Schwartz, a daughter. .
WASTELL— In Oakland, February 15, 1896, to the
wife of Albert B. : Wastell, a son. . '-; .-;;- y
■[':■:: MARRIED'
McCANN— DOWNEY— In this city, February 16
1896. by the Rev. Father Bamra. Frank G. Mc-
Cann and Nellie Downey of San Francisco.
REMUSAT-SANGERi-In this city, February 12,
1896, by Judge Cook. Jules Remusat and Edna
< B. Sanger, both of Shanghai.
DIED.
Alexander, I idor 'McCooey, Michael
Blow. Walter W. McLaughlin, Mrs. Rose
Cheesninn, Emma t_, y Navarro. Jules : . "
Clarke, Rose Anna O'Donnell, Julia'
Daly, Mrs. Margaret Parker, Annie •
Delamore, John F. Basso, Catherina
Fiedler, Anton A. J. Roberts, Samuel B.
Grimm, Emll F. Shaw, Jane H.
Hesketh, Mary T. Sles, Rose
Hall, Kittle A. . . J Thevenet. Eugene .'
Jnrgensen, Andreas Trufelll, Luiiii
Johnson, Mar-,- Watson, Charles H.
Keating, Edward H. - Wilson. William
Lynch, Mamie Wallace, Raymond E.
Lauricella, Jo3eph Wise. Emma C.
ALEXANDER— In San Jose, Cal., February 14,
1896, Isidor, neloved husband of Emilie Alex-
ander, and father of Henry. George \V.. Caesar
and Gussle Alexander and Mrs. E. M. Bosenthal
or San Jose. Cal., a native of I'russia, Germany,
aged 69 years and 2 months.
BLOW— in Berkeley, February 14, 1896, Walter
W.. husband of Mary A. Blow, and father of A.
H. and Mary V. Blow, a native of New York,
aged 53 years 10 months and 1 day. | New
York papers please copy.]
4S*Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS BAY
(Monday;, at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 755 Jackson street, Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
CLARKE— In this city, February 16. 1806, Rose
Anna, beloved wife of William Clarke, mother of
Mag >le, William J. and Cornelius Clarke, and
sister of Mrs. L. Walsh. Mrs. B. Kelly, Mrs. D.
Kenny and Daniel Curran, a native of County
Armagh. Ireland, aged 66 years.
JjryFriends and . acquaintances are reioect-
fully invited to attend the funeral WEDNES-
DAY, February 19, at 9 o'clock a.m.. from herlate
residence, 31 7 Fell street; thence to sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass, will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 :3 C o'clock a. it. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CHEESMAN-Jn Portland, Or., February 13, 1896,
Emma Shattuck Cheesman. wife of Randolph
Cneesman of Ros'-burg, Or.
DELAMOHE— There will bo *n anniversary high
mass .'or the repose of the s-'iil of the late John
F. Delamore at St. Paul's Cli*.r.-h, v-nintb
and Cnurch streets. THIS DAY (Monday), at
9 o'clock a. m. Friends are invited to attend. -
DALY— In Benicia, CaL, February 14. 1896, Mm.
Margaret Daly, mother of Daniel, Richard, Den,
John and the lately deceased Minnie Daly and
Mrs. Frank Long of Vailejo, Cal., and Mrs. C. T.
Swain, a native of Ireland, aged 68 yean,
FIEDLER— In this city, February 16, 1896. Anton
A. J., beloved and youngest son of Cecelia and
August P. Fiedler, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 1 day.
GRIMM— In this city, February 16, 1896, Emfl
Francis, beloved husband of Anne Grimm, and
father of Mrs. E. J. Forln and Fred .Grimm,
a native of Wurtemberg, Germany, age I 63 years
10 months and 23 days. •
fia"Notice of tunerai hen,- 'ter. Remains at
the parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and sixth.
HESKETH— In this city. February 16, 1886, Mary
Theresa, beloved wife of Thomas Hesketb, be-
loved dangluerof the late Jacob and Theresa
Bailey, and sister of Mrs. G. F. Sweeney and Kd-
. ward Bailey, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and 3 months. iflß^T- WMSafISS
tfßTrien i-» and acquaintance.* an resoect..
fully Invited. to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), a: 1 :30 o'clock P. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 15 Vi Dore street; thence io st. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HALL— In Oakland, February 14. ISOd. Kittie A.,
beloved wife of S. A. D. Hall, and sister of Mrs.
C. W. Vosmer, a native of St. Louis.
.JORGENSEN— In Alameda. February 13, 1896,
Andreas, beloved husband of E. M. Jorgensen,
and father of ilattis and Andrew Jorgenaen, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 60 years.
' JOHNSON In the city and Connty Hospital,
February 15, 1896. May Johnson, aged 30 years.
KEATING— this city. February 16, 1896. Ed-
[ ward 11., beloved husband or Mary Isabelle Keat-
ing, a native of County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged
84 years. ["Alleghany county (Maryland) papers
i please copy. 1
adTFrlends and acquaintances are rssnect-
I fully Invited to attend the Inner .TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 487 Fourteenth street; thence to His-
I sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
i high mass will he celebrated for the repose of
j his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
I GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY OF ST. IGNATIUS
I Churcn— You are requested to attend the funeral
I of our late brother member, Edward H. Keating,
I • as. per above notice. The Chapel Oflice for the
- repose of Tils soul will be recited TUESDAY
EVENING. February 25, 1896. at 8 o'clock p. m.
Relative-sand friends are respectfully invited to be
present. JAMES R. KELLY, Prefect.
(.has. T. McAtM-u*-*', Secretary.
LAURICELLA— In this city, February 15, 1896,
Joseph, dearly beloved father of Mrs. Dittmar,
Mrs. Yam, Mrs. Losekann and 'Joseph. Paul,
. Ralph, Tonnie and Amelio Lauricella, and grand-
father of Lillio and Freddie Dittmar and Harry,
Joe and' lda Losekann, a native of Italy, aged
62 years. .",-...
fls~Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p.m., from the par-
lors of Valente, Marlui A Co., 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. V
LYNCH— In this city, February 15, 1896, Mamie,
beloved daughter of William and the late Ellen 1
Lynch, and sister of Maggie and the late Hannah
and Daniel Lynch, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 7 months and 10 days.
tfJTFneuds and acquaintance? am respeo'.-
fully invited to attend the funerd THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. hi., from the resi-
dence, 26 Qnlnn street; thence to the Mission
Dolores Church for services at 2:30 o'clock p. if.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McCOOEY— In this city, February '15, 1896.
Michael McCooey, a nativeof Carrieknallis, Cam-
bough; County Armagh, Ireland, aged 32 years.
[New York papers please copy. I .. ■--■. ~x :
JB3r"Fr!ends and acquaintances and members of
Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 12 o'clock p. m., from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street;
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where services
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 1 o'clock p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ; y : < .: . : , •
McLAUGHLTN— A month's mind mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the late
. Mrs. Rose McLaughlin at St. Ignatius Church
THIS DAY (Monday), at 8 o'clock a. m.,
Friends are invited.-
NAVARRO— In this city,. February 10, 1896. at
his residence, 735 Valiejo street, Jules Navarro,
a native of Mexico, aged 41 years.
O'DONNELL-In this city, February 16, 1896,
Julia, dearly beloved wife of Michael. O'Donnell,
mother of Thomas, Nellie, .Maggie and William
F. O'Donnell and Mrs. Agnes Nearv nnd Airs.
Annie Bobie, sister of Mrs. Thomas O'Donnell,
' and aunt of William T., Michael and ' Maggie
O'Donnell and Mrs. Mary O'Connor, a native of
the parish of Glenroe, County Limerick, Ireland,
aged 62 years. ■ y,,
. US" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOI'.ROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m;. from her late
residence. 982% Valencia street; thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third arid Guer-
rero streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PARKER— In Oakland, Annie, beloved daughter
of W. W. and Mary Parker, and sister of Lilly,
Emily and Albert P. Parker, a native of St. Paul.
Minn., aged 36 years. • .--..••>■.■•'*
ffg-Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY.
(Monday), at 3 o'clock p.m.. from the residence
of the parents, 1213 Fourteenth street, Oakland.
Interment private.
RAZZO— In this city. February 13, 1890, Caterlna
beloved wife of Cristoforo Bazzo. and mother of
Mrs. a. Ottoboni and Mary, Eugenia, Emilia,
Bighetta, Cristlna, Cristoforo and Willie Razzo,
a native of Italy, aged 40 years 2 months and 19
days. ESPB^PKMHaB
BOBEBTft-In this city, February 14. 1896, Sam-
uel Sheridan, husband of Lottie Buttner Boberts.
and father of Samuel, Harry. Cooper. Porter,
Grant and Pearl Roberts nnd Mrs. L. B. Geer, a
' native of New York, aged 61 years and 28 days.
SIES— In this city, February 16. 1896, Bose Sles,
beloved daughter of Phillip and Jeanette Sies, and
beloved sister of Adeline and Louie Sies.
SHAW— In Berkeley, February 15,1896. Jane H.,
beloved wife of P. H. Shaw, and mother of Mil-
lard M. Shaw. Mrs. F. O. Scott. Airs. Hattie B.
Cooper and Libbie L. and Lyra J. Shaw, a native
, of Potsdam, N. V., aged 67 years 1 month and
19 days. ffi££Es_9*?lSH£S9
THEVENET-In this city, February 16, 1896,
Eugene Thevenet, father of Ernest J. Thevenet,
a native of Lyons, France,' aged 56 years. .- ; ■ -.-
TRIFELLI— In Oakland, February 12,1896. Lulgl
Trufelll. a native of Italy, aged 26 years.
WATSON— this city. February 14, 1896. Charles
11. , beloved husband of Frances S. Watson, son
of Colonel William H. Watson, and brother of
William H. and George P. I. Watson, a native of
New Orleans, aged 60 years 3 months and 1 day.
rSacramen.o and New Orleans papers please
copy. J ■w_P4HMß_a4*^_gN*_ap_Ai
£3* Friends and acquaintances are resoect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from his late resi-
dence. 151 Octavia street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S Asso-
ciation— The officers and members of the Veteran
Volunteer Firemen's Association will assemble at
headquarters. Pioneer : building, THIS DAT
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m., to attend the
funeral of our late member. William H. Watson.
•J. S. MARSHALL, President. '
. W. A. ScoLtAY, Recording Secretary.
WILSON— In Alamoda February 13, 1896, Wil-
liam Wilson, a native of Scotland, agea 47 years
and 11 months.
WISE— ln Oakland. February 16, 1898. Emma C,
wife of C. H. Wise, ,a native California, aged
.. 39 years ana 16 days.
WALLACE— Jn this city. February 16, 1898, Bay-
mond E., beloved son of Albertand Mary E. Wal-
lace, aged 2 years 10 months and 17 days.
!
~ UNITED UNDERTAKERS' 1
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Bcqnislte for First-class Funerals !
at Reasonable Bates. ■■•■■.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
I * McAVOY.A CALLACHER, ; I
IMcAVOY A GALLAGHER,
FUNRRAL DIBF.CTORS 4 EMBALM KBS,
tO Fifth St.', Opp. Lincoln School;
' Telephone 3080.
—Ui — — — — — — JU»
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ABIANi
laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beaa>
Ufnl, permanent and easy of access; see It before
feurlng a burial place elsewhere.
City office, 8 City Hall A vena*,
1314
LABOR ADOPTS
A PLATFORM
Pronounced Views on Social
Questions Set
Forth
BY THE LOCAL UNIONS.
The Convention of Workingmen
Acts on Important Reso
lutions.
VOTES THE ONLY WEAPONS.
Plan of Permanent Organization— The
New City Charter Is
. Denounced.
The convention of all labor organiza
PROMINENT FACES AT THE LABOR CONVENTION YESTERDAY.
[Reproduced from photographs.]
tions in San Francisco, which held its
first session Friday night, met yesterday
morning and afternoon at 1159 Mission
street. There was a larce attendance of
delegates, nearly every one of whom en
tered into the spirit of the occasion with
enthusiasm, with the result that a plat
form was adopted as the sentiment of the
labor organizations.
The committee on resolutions submitted
its report, the secretary first reading the
cigarmakers' resolutions denouncing pri
vate ownership of lands and tools and
containing socialistic recommendations.
A discussion arose when the convention
was asked to pass upon this document.
R. T. Mclvor of the Painters' and Deco
rators' Union held that the report of the
'committee on resolutions be read, and
made a motion to that effect, as N. Blum
of the cigarmakers wanted his resolution
considered forthwith by the convention.
Mc lvor's motion was carried.
The declaration of principles from the
Painters' Union on equalization of capital
and labor was then read, but no sooner
was the reading finished than another dis
cussion as to what constituted the com
mittee's report took place. The conven
tion was not quite clear on this point,
some delegates maintaining that each res
olution should be acted on separately
while others thought that a definite report
should be offered. BES
"As a member of the committee on reso
lutions," said J. J. Ryan of the Boiler
makers' Union, "l recommend that the
report of the.committee be adopted."
"The manner of proceeding has been
already settled by a motion," Mclvor
added.
All the resolutions presented at Friday
night's session were read as follows: From
M. McGlynn, for a law to be enacted by
the next Legislature -making it illegal to
bring private detectives the Pinkertons —
into California; from Bakers' Union No.
94, to improve the sanitary condition of
bakeshops; from R. T. Mclvor, on the
hours of labor and method of production;
from the Typographical Union, that labor
unions publish papers for free distribu
tion; from the Carpenters' Union of Oak
land, protesting against the violation of
the eight-hour law and to invoke the aid
of Congress to enforce the law. When all
were read they were taken up singly for
discussion.
First came the resolutions of the Cigar
makers' Union. T. F. Burns (Cigarmak
ers') moved that the resolutions be accepted
as the sense of the convention and the pre
amble be adopted as the foundation upon
which the proposed labor organization is
to be built. N. Blum spoke at some length
in support of his resolution. He urged the
necessity of workingmen taking up poli
tics in their own behalf: The working
men, he declared, bad had enough experi
ence voting for tbe capitalist, for now they
are beginning to see the results of their
political work in that direction. The em
ployer, the capitalist, had at last a gun
capable of firing 400 times a minute on a
mi ib from a police wagon.
J. J. Ryan (Boilermakers') said prac
tically the same thing by way of corrobora
tion. He staled his conviction that work
ingmen should no longer vote for the cor
ner politician or the capitalist, but should
legislate for themselves. As an illustra
tion he said that workingmen who had
done this in Montana had raised the
minimum rate of wages in Butte City to
$', a day and in Anaconda to $2 50 per day.
T. F. Burns (Cigar-makers') said that
the preamble and resolutions should be
considered as a scientific proposition, and
hoped that the motion would prevail for
then San Francisco would stand before' the
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
IYvSI Powder
ft. ** &23553& £ ©wofjr
ABSOLUTELY PURE
labor world as a leader: in the social ques
tions involved, yyy^y l^'*
P. H. McCarthy (Carpenters') aroused
enthusiasm when he stated that it was
idle for delegates to teach the convention
matters with which they were thoroughly
familiar. This brought out a motion that
delegates be allowed to speak ; but once
j and at most? for five minutes,' which was
I carried.
The resolutions and preamble as follows
j were adopted unanimously:
Wheueas, The competitive system of in-
I dustrv based primarily upon the. individual
t ownership of nature's unmodified resources, '
and subsequently uponjthe individual owner
ship of the tools of production, has with the
march of invention and the evolution of so
ciety toward higher and more complex forms
of human relationship become an insuffera
ble burden and undeniable oppression to the
wage working classes; and whereas, the afore
said competitive system (otherwise known as
the capitalistic plan of private exploitation of
those deprived of tools and land) has, through
I its phenomenal accumulation of wealth into
the hands of the few, become a stumbling
block in the path of progress, a prolific cor
rupter of public freedom and a menace
to individual liberty, using its unjust ad
vantages over the masses of the people to
coerce and again cajole them into the support
of political measures which would be an insult
to the conscience of freemen and to which
their pressing physical needs alone give sanc
tion; and whereas, the mentally capable
among the wageworking classes, knowing the
unjust foundation of the competitive system
and the unequal advantages accruing to those
who control and profit oy it, are by far too
clever not to know that all this iniquitous.sys
tem can of its own motion possibly yield" to
the wageworker is merely that amount of his
product necessary to the renewal of his labor
power, withholding from him by the terms of
the system his well-earned leisure, luxury and
recreation; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the accredited representa
tives of the trades and labor organizations of
San Francisco, in convention assembled, after
due deliberation, do hereby proclaim it to hi
our sincere conviction that the present anar
chical system of private individual|land and
tool owning, which places the many at the
mercy of the few, is the fundamental cause of
the industrial distress and economic slavery of
the masses of the workers; and that in accord
ance with the foregoing conviction we pro
ceed to organize our federated forces on such
lines as are best calculated to supplant com
petition and its fraudulent fundamentals, by
substituting therefor a system of universal co
operation founded upon the socialization of the
means of production — land, tools and capital:
and be it further
Retolved, That to this end we not only organ
ize industrially, but in addition thereto use
our political rights and privileges in a manner
consistent witn our economic belief, taking
such distinct political action as will forever
throw off the yoke of our capitalist masters.
The following platform, presented by R.
T. fllclvor, was adopted by a unanimous
vote :
1. Reduction of the hours of labor in propor
tion to the progress of production.
2. The United States shall obtain possession
of the railroads, canals, telegraphs, telephones,
and all other means of public transportation
and commuication; but no employe shall be
discharged for political reasons.
3. The munclpalities to obtain possession of
the local railroads, ferries, water works, gas
works, electric plants and all industries requir
ing municipal franchises; but no employe shall
be discharged for political reasons. ,
4. The public lands to.be declared inalien
able. Revocation of all land grants to corpora
tions or Individuals, the conditions of which
have not been complied with.
5. Legal incorporation by the States of local
trade unions which have no National organiza
tion.- -..:■'.•<-
6. The United States to have the exclusive
right to issue money. :
7. Congressional legislation providing for
the scientific management of forests and
waterways, and prohibiting . the waste of the
natural resources of the country.
8. Inventions to be free to all"; the inventors
to be remunerated by the Nation. .
9. Progressive income tax and tax on inherit
ances; the smaller incomes to be exempt.
10. School education of all children under
14 years of age to be compulsory, gratuitous
and accessible to all • ■'.'-•;t;-.':%p
11. Repeal of all pauper, tramp, conspiracy
and sumptuary laws. Unabridged rights of
combination. rr'"^-.
--12. Official statistics concerning the condi
tion of labor. Prohibition of the employment
of children of school age and of the employ
ment of female labor in occupations detrimen
tal to health or morality. Abolition of the
convict labor contract system.
13. Employment of the unemployed by the
public authorities (county, city, State and Na
tion). . •
14. All wages to be paid in lawful money of
the United States. Equalization of women's
wages with those of men where equal service
is performed. • _."'
15. Laws for the protection of life and limb
in all occupations, and an efficient employers'
liability law. ;-yy:
The political demands are: •*--* I;
1. The people to have the right to propose
laws and to vote upon all measufes of impor
tance, according to the referendum principle.
2. Abolition of the veto power of the execu
tive (National, State and municipal), wherever
it exists. •,.;;*
3. Municipal self-government.
4. Direct vote and secret ballots in all elec
tions. Universal and equal right of suffrage
without regard to color, creed or sex. Election
days to be legal holidays. The principle of pro
portional representation to be introduced.
5. All public officers to be subject to recall by
their respective constituencies.
6. Uniform civil and criminal law through
out the United States. Administration of jus- i
tice to be free of charge. .
When the convention was called to j
order after the noon recess , Thomas Cant- |
well was seated as a proxy delegate from
the American Railway Union. _.*.."..•_ 
The set of principles submitted by the
Painters' Union and the resolutions of M.
McGlynn protesting against introducing
detectives into the State were adopted.
The Bakers' Union resolutions were also
adopted unanimously.
The resolution from T. Butler of Typo
graphical Union No. 21 was adopted, as
follows: . . • . • ; *•
. Resolved, That we recommend the following
to the convention: That meetings of the cen
tral body be held on the first and third Sun
days in each month at 1 :30 P. M. That vigor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17. 1896.
I ous efforts be made to organize all trades and
I branches of j labor and convince them of the
j advisability of acting with the central body.
! That an industrial bureau be created, which
I shall appoint and supervise deputies in union
i workshops or other places, to the end that
| goods produced by union labor shall be pur-
I chased in preference to any other. That an
I official newspaper be published at least semi
: monthly and furnished free of cost to each
j member of the unions connected , with the
I labor council. That for the expenses of the
council and the official newspaper each union
j shall pay a per capita tax of not to exceed 1%
! cents per month.
The resolution from the Carpenters'
. Union of Oakland brought out a heated
l discussion and a now of oratory upon the
i eight-hour question. This resolution pro
i tested against abuses of the eight-hour law
' and was intended for presentation to Con
gress for aid.
A delegate from Oakland stated that he
I bad worked in various places in San Fran
cisco and Oakland where men were worked
ten hours. The Union Iron "Works, where
he worked, violated the law in this respect,
and in one instance an employe told the
delegate that men had to be worked over
time or else manufacturers could not suc
ceed in competition. . Mclvor added that
the law was violated as a matter of course
even by the United States Government,
] and Congress was aware of that fact to a
' man. The remedy lay in voting those
! men out of ollice.
J. J. Ryan remarked that Contractor
Day, who built the Columbia River locks,
'. compelled the men to work overtime so
that few men could bear the hard»work.
! If the long hours did not suit them the
'■ workingmen were told to "get off the res
! ervation." And that was a Government
I contract. The resolution was adopted
j without a dissenting voice.
The question of a permanent central
! labor organization and the embodiment of
j the various resolutions and the platform
: were' taken under consideration. A great
■ diversity of opinion was manifested by
i delegates, and correspondingly different
suggestions were made. One proposition
; was the appointment of a committee
; which should have full power to consider
i the preamble, platform, etc., looking to
ward political action. Another one was to
: adjourn subject to the call of the chair
I and meanwhile inform the different labor
| unions represented by circular letter of
what was done at the convention. Then
j the delegates could meet again with in
structions as to how they should act in re
-1 gard to organizing a permanent federation
; of trades.
The advisability of pursuing a political
j rule for the amelioration of labor was dis
cussed. Some delegates declared that
: politics should not be allowed to enter into
' the debates. H. Meyer, president of Car
; penters' Union No. 22, touched an appar
i ently tender spot in the thoughts of the
labor representatives when he said:
"There was a time when the boycott
was considered a pretty good weapon of
defense: there was a time when strikes
were regarded as a power. But these times
; have gone; they are a thing of the past,
and now we are convinced that the only
hope for labor is in the ballot."
j A motion made by E. L. Maulsbary of
i Carpenters' Union No. '22 solved the prob-
I lem. It was with an amendment that a
committee consisting of one delegate from
each union be appointed to arrange the
j platform and resolutions and to organize a
, plan of permanent organization for the
; new federation. . The following-named
delegates were appointed on the com
i mittee:
Carpenters, 483— C. F. Schaat.
Woodworkers— A. Miller.
Boiler-makers— J. J. Ryan.
Musicians— R. Linhardt.
Ironmolders— Thomas Hurd.
Electrical workers— Mr. Gilkyson.
American Railway Union— L. E. Stlnson.
Theatrical employes— Charles Batterman.
Sailors' union— F. Straubman.
Carpenters, 22— E. L. Maulsbary.
Horseshoers— Thomas Moore.
Barbers— l. Less.
Carpenters, 304— Kassell.
Machinists— E. Helsell.
Cigar-maKers— F. Burns.
Typographical, 21— S. H. Jenner.
Bookbinders— Marsden.
. Tailors— J. Streibic.
. American Bakers— W. Hand.
Coopers— M. J. Sullivan.
Pressmen, 24— R. G. Rice.
Brewery Workmen— John Nugent.
Painters— T. Mclvor.
Journeymen Bakers— Otto Gassman.
The chairman and secretary of the con
vention were added to the committee.
T. F. Burns (Cigar-makers) offered the
following resolution, which was unani
mously adopted : .
That we denounce the proposed new charter
as perpetuating the infamous and wasteful
j system of contracts for public works, making
I it compulsory oi future civic authorities; also
| for its ; other provision directly against the
j rights and interests of labor; also in that it
does not provide for the initiative and refer
endum, proportional representation, or any
j means whatever of Insuring government by
! the people instead of by bosses.
The convention adjourned until four
weeks from yesterday.
A DINNER TO PADEREWSKI.
To Be the Guest of Samuel M. Short-
• ridge at a Bound Table.
Ignace Paderewski, the greatest living
interpreter of piano music, will be the
guest of Attorney Samuel M. Shortridge
at a round-table dinner at the Palace Hotel
this evening, where the musician will meet
a dozen or more friends of the lawyer.
The table will be set in the " tapestry
room, which is to be specially decorated
and arranged for the occasion, and the na
tional colors of the gifted musician, carna
tion and white, are to be tastefully ar
ranged in profusion.
; After dinner the guests will repair to the
private apartments of the host on the sixth
floor of the Palace and indulge in further
good cheer.
Barn on : Clay Street Burned.
; An alarm was turned In ''• through box 324
last evening at 6:30 o'clock for a fire in a barn
owned by H. H. Lowenthal,* in the rear of 2112
Clay street. The; fire companies responded
promptly, but the combustible contents of the
barn mede it impossible for the flames to be
extinguished until the building had been en
tirely destroyed. ■ It is presumed that the fire
started from a lighted cigar being carelessly
thrown in the refuse which covered the barn
floor. The damage will amount to about $1000,
partly covered by insurance. "
ZIMMERMAN "HAS CAME"
Will Loiter Round Among the
Cyclers Here for Some
Days.
HE MAY QUIT THE TRACK.
Interesting Story of His Experiences
Round the World— Has an En
ticing Offer From Paris.
.
A. A. Zimmerman, champion cyclist of
the world, arrived on the Monowai from
Australia yesterday and is stopping at the
Palace. He is accompanied by his wife. I
He is in excellent condition and good j
spirits, and is apparently well pleased with j
his experiences round the world. He I
parts his hair in the middle, wears a noisy- I
figured silk vest, a brown suit and an im- j
mense diamond on his finger.
He will remain here for some days and j
be entertained by local cycling clubs. His j
plans for the future are somewhat in abey- j
ance. He says he is not certain that he
will do any riding for some time, as, be
sides a desire to rest up after his journey- '
ings, he is inclined to turn his attention
"to business," the manufacture and sale
of the "Zimmy" wheel.
With legard to his Australian experi
ences he shows no disposition to make
excuses. He says he suffered from the ex
treme heat, the" hot winds and blinding I
sand blasts, and, for a time after arriving i
there, a slight attack of malaria. He is
not enthusiastic about Australia in any
way. The climate is disagreeable, he
says. The day they left the mercury
registered . 116 "in the shade. The towns
are at long distances apart, the railroads
in bad shape, the traces are all slow j '
grass tracks, except the St. Kilda track at I
Melbourne. However, he says, snorts
have a large following, and crowds ol from !
12.000 to 27,000 people attended the races.
Liberal prizes are offered, as may be with
this plethoric "gate."
He began his Australian racing at Ade
laide, where he won two races. At Sydney
he won two. at Brisbane he won five, at
Newcastle four, at Melbourne six. The •
races were all handicaps heat races, and
the scratch men had little chance. Some :
of the races required six and seven heats.
The Australians, he says, are not so fast as
in America and France. They have not 1
had the experience, and the conditions are <
not favorable. The best time he made on
the grass tracks was 2:22. ••f • y
"Yes, I have kept reasonably well in
formed as to cycling affairs in this coun- I
try," said the champion. "I am rather ''
surprised at the outcome of the last sea- ;
son racing. I expected to see some one j
rise up distinctly superior to the general
crowd. While some few have distin- ;
guished themselves above others, still l
I there is no one who has signalized himself ;
I over the others. Yes, I have noted the
change in the rules drawing simple lines
between amateurs and professionals, and i
I I think it is a good one."
Speaking of the result of his tour round
the the world, he said: "Well it has kept
me hustling. There is a. great deal of
difference between racing in this country
where one knows the speed of every one
and a great deal about his methods, when
to spurt and when to keep in reserve. In
England and in France the men were all
to new to me, kept me guessing and riding
all the time for all I was worth. It was
very hard work, ln France great interest
is taken in cycling and immense crowds
go to the races. The races in Paris, Bor
deaux, Lyons, Milan and Florence are
Arthur A. Zimmerman. Champion Bicyclist of the World, Who Arrived From
•" Australia Yesterday.
managed by a single firm— two men. The
average attendance at Paris is from 15,000
to 22,000 people. The races, are run twice
a week, on Thursdays and Sundays.
"1 have an offer to go to Paris for the
entire season at $500 per week, riding out
one day of the week, but I have not deter
mined to accept. I was paid $5000 for my
original visit there to ride three races.
That was in 1894."
Zimmerman is 26 years of age. He be
gan racine; in 1887 at Queens. L. I. Since
that time he has . won $30,000 worth of
prizes, other than cash prizes. Among
these were 10 pianos, 27 gold watches, 38
diamond studs said to be. worth $5000, on
which he could ■:..-" not realize half that
amount he fears. He has won 4 horses, 7
carriages, 145 medals, worth from $30 to
$100 each, which he thinks could not be
sold for more than an average of $7 50.
The most valuable prizes he has won
were aslooo team, of horses and a $1000
gold cup at Indianapolis. The sum of the
money prizes he has won as a professional
he refuses to disclose.
The medals, cups, rings, studs and the
300 or 400 silver pieces, ; mugs, cups,
pitchers, sugar-bowls and all such things,
he says, he has kept and intends to keep.
The horses, pianos and other non-portable
aud bulky articles he has Isold. and traded
away.
His best record in any season was that
of 1893, when he made 101 firsts, and failed
of first but three times.
SONS OF THE REVOLUTION.
Annual Meeting and Banquet on Wash
ington* Birthday.
The annual meeting of the California
Society of the Sons of the American Revo
lution, which was instituted in* 1875, will
be held in the rooms of the Society ofJCali
fornia Pioneers on : Saturday, and ;in . the
evening the society will celebrate the anni
versary of the birth of Washington by a
dinner at the Occidental Hotel.
The society has received the following
applications for membership: • ■'■
George T. Folsom, transfer from Empire
State Society. N. V., son of L. D. Folsom, grand
son of Lewis Folsom, great-grandson of Benja
min Folsom, great-great-grandson of Lieuten
ant Jonathan Folsom, X. H. troop*.
George E. Howe, son of David Howe, grand
son of Jeremiah Carleton, great-grandson of
Lieutenant Jeremiah Carleton (militia), pri
vate N. H. troops.
_ Robert I. Bromley, M. D., son of John L.
Bromley, grandson of Lewis Bromley, great
grandson of John Bromley, great-great-grand
son of William Bromley Sr., member of Com
mittee of Safety, Vermont.
T Walter Augustus Hawley.son of Walter N.
Hawley, grandson of Thomas Haw-lev, great
grandson of Thomas Hawley, sergeant, Eigh
teenth Connecticut Militia.
Joseph Walter Ward, son of Joseph Walter
Ward, grandson of Andrew Henshaw Ward,
great-grandson of Thomas Walter Ward.' great
great-grandson of Major-General Artemas
Ward, flrst major-general revolutionary army.
Alphonse Crane, son of H. G. Crane, grandson
of Wells Alderman, great-grandson of Simon
Stedman, private, Sixth Massachusetts Regi
ment. "•'. . ;.'
James W. Farrington, son of Joslah G. Far
rington, grandson of Nathan Farrington, great
grandson of Josiah Farrington, private, Sev
enth Massachusetts Regiment.
Robert O. Collier, son of George H. Collier,
grandson of George Collier, great-grandson of
George H. Haskell, great-great-grandson of
Howe, great-great-great-grandson of Gen
eral Israel Futman, major-general, Revolution
ary army. ; -'-y,
_ William H. George, M.D.. son of John S.
George, grandson of Jesse George, private, Vir
ginia troops.
IS KNOWN AND NOT KNOWN
Many Names Given the Burglar
Killed in the Franklin
Residence.
Police Searching Eagerly for Friends
or Acquaintances of the Man '
at the Morgue.
"The man is not yet identified," said
Captain Lees last night, speaking of the
burglar killed at the Franklin residence on
Friday morning. "I have had half a dozen
men state positively that they know the
man's name, but investigation has failed
to substantiate their statements, and I
have seen too many instances of mistaken
identity to believe a man identified till
corroborative circumstances can be found."
The man at the Morgue is a very familiar
type. He is apparently of Irish extraction.
He is not a bad-looKing man, has a fairly
well shaped head and features that indi
cate a certain refinement of nature foreign
to the brutal characteristics of the pro
fessional criminal. His face is neither very
good nor very bad. In fact, it is of such a
common type that, it impresses almost
every observer with the feeling that he has
seen it somewhere before.
All day crowds of people thronged
into the Morgue. Many went hoping to
identify the man: More were drawn by
idle curiosity. Among the latter were
many women. :.-/y : y;.
Among those who came to identify the
man was Peter Vidovich. He was brought
by Officer Rourke, and at once recognized
the man as one with whom he had had
trouble in the gallery of the Grand Opera
house on last Monday night.
Vidovich and the policeman haunted the
cheap amusement resorts and cheap lodg
ing-houses last night in an attempt to find
the dead man's companions. They did
not find them, however.
George Delmas and H. F. Stone, two
special officers employed at the Grand
Opera-house, substantiated Vidovich's
story, and also agreed in his description of
the companions of the dead burglar, al
though neither of them had paid any at
tention to the - man • killed by Miller or
could remember to have seen him. ' Vido-
vich is sure that the dead man is a fellow
who took his seat at the theater Monday
night. He demanded his seat, and a quar
rel ensued, and Vidovich retired. The in
terloper looked" him up later and wanted
to thrash him, when a man. with a large,
fat, red face and shabby clothes also of
fered to thrash . Vidovich. Special Stone
at this juncture came up, and he remem
bered Vidovich and the fat-faced man, and
thinks he could identify the latter.:
There was a tall man, with a heavy
black mustache, who also offered to thrash
Vidovitch. He joined the burglar during
the last act, going up from the lower gal
lery. The man' was recognized and de
scribed by George Delmar, another special
officer. The names of none of the men
are known.
A man from Oakland, who refused to
give his name, said a painter friend of his
had recognized the dead man as Michael
Dennett, or Denny, a painter whom he
had known in Victoria, B.C. The man
refused to give the name of; the Oakland
painter, saying his friend had just got a
job and did not want the risk of losing it
by being called as a witness. *
Captain ' Lees has also received . several
,new identifications, ■ none of which are
verified. -.
A Morning Brawl.
Harry Madson, a laborer, quarreled- with
Charles Erickson while he was drunk yester
day morning about 7 o'clock. They came to
blows' and Madson tried to kill Erickson with
a pistol. .He was arrested by Officer Williams
and charged with making an assault with a
deadly weapon. ;.,..-. .
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sella Crockery, Chmaware, Glassware and
~ Tinware : .' / ■
•CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very Pretty Dishes. '.Very Cheap Prices.
02 Market street, S. F., Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES - EVERYWHERE, - -
NEW TO-DAT. .J^^^^^~~>J-^~
WASH PUSS FABRICS!
s^i^iisra- 1896
We take pleasure in calling the attention
of the public to our elegant assortment of
NEW COTTON WASH DRESS FABRICS
which we have just opened. We have never .
shown better styles and the prices are ex-
ceedingly low.
20 cases 36-INCH PRINTED PERCALES (Light and Dark
Colorings) -------- Price 121 c a yard
15 cases 28-INCH PRINTED DUCKS (all new patterns)
............ Price 12.1 c a yard
6 cases 32-INCH SCOTCH ZEPHYRS - - Price 20c a yard
10 cases 27-INCH TOILLE DU NORD GINGHAMS - -
------------ Price 10c a yard
5 cases 32-INCH PRINTED IRISH DIMITY (all new de-
signs) .-.-.- - - - - - - Price 25c a yard
2 cases 32-INCH FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES (ele-
gant designs) ------- Price 40c a yard
1 case 31-INCH COLORED DOTTED SWISS (assorted
colors) --------- Price 50c a yard
EXTRA SPECIAL!
100 pieces 36-INCH SILK STRIPED TENNIS FLANNEL
40c a Yard
Write for Samples of Above Goods.
18.92* -^ Jr "Elf •' JL/^*—
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
OPPOSED TO REFUNDING
Views of Railroad Commissioner
Stanton on the Central
Pacific Debt.
Explains "Why a Long Extension
Means Certain Loss to the
Government.
Railroad Commissioner James Stanton
is strongly opposed to any measure that
will give the Central Pacific Company con
cessions and advantages in the settlement
of its debts with the Government that
would not be given by a creditor to an or
dinary debtor in the general run of com- j
mercial transactions. And he is also op- |
posed to any legislation on the subject
that would saddle the indebtedness of the
company on the producers and manufac
turers of the State of California.
"An extension of the debt for a period
of fifty or a hundred years as is proposed,"
he said, "would be most unbusinesslike
and devoid of sound commercial sense." |
Continuing, he said:
Why, in fifty years methods of transporta- |
tion may be entirely changed. By that time !
we may be traveling through the air. And we j
will, at least, have electric railroads. Now
with cheaper, faster and more agreeable meth- j
ods ot transportation for both goods and pas
sengers, what would be the value of such a
line as the Central Pacific Railroad?
The most that should be done is to extend
the payment, If it' is extended at all, for a
short period, say ten years, at the utmost, and
then only if security is given that is sure to I
realize the full amount of the indebtedness if '
foreclosure proceedings should have to be |
taken. Instead of accepting the Central Pa
cific Railroad only as security let the owners of
the Central Pacific, who are also the stock
holders in the Southern Pacific Company,
mortgage such of their other properties as
the Government may require justly in order
to amply protect it. Then, if the Central Pa
cific at the end ot the ten years has paid off a
part of the debt and has shown its Intentions
to deal fairly with the United States, let an
other extension be made if Congress finds it
advisable to grant it.
I do not believe it would be wise for the Gov
ernment to obtain the ownership and assume
control of the property.' Experiments in vari
ous States of the Union have shown that it is
not feasible for the Government to operate
small lines or sections. If there is to be Gov
ernment ownership it should extend to a line
from ocean to ocean, and embrace a .complete
system, with ample feeders in all ' sections.
But for such a project conditions are not now
at all favorable.
' The simple inability of a debtor to pay his
debts should not be any excuse for granting
him time. He must show sufficient' resources
or security to warrant the creditor in permit
ting him to remain in business, and the Cen
tral Pacific should be treated in this spirit.
They have had a long time in which to prepare
for their obligations, but while the chief stock
holders have laid up vast fortunes, the road is
virtually bankrupt. Yet its directors have the
effrontery to ask concessions that are abso
lutely out of reason,
: lam afraid, however, that foreclosure would
result in giving the same people the road.
They could afford to pay at least $1,000,000
more than any other company or syndicate,
simply as a means of preventing competition.
But I believe the Government could recover
the debt by going after the private fortunes of
the different individuals who promoted and
carried on the enterprise. :
Appetite Without Taste.
A good dinner is. a complex harmony;
and men with uneducated palates may
just as well sit down to an ox whole
roasted and a hogshead of metheglin as
attend a civilized and artistic table. They
have grand appetites, these fellows, and I
hope are thankful for the blessing; but a
man with an appetite and no taste is like
a person who hammers away at a piano
without knowing a tune. Boston Journal
The whale's nose is . on top of the head,
at least his nostrils are situated there,
through which 1 he expels the columns of
water during the action known as "spout
ing." Whalea only, spout when they are
feeding. . . ' _■.'•:'
The success of these Spe-
cial Saving Sales is in the
staple articles offered every
week ; they interest every-
body and the prices help
economize.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Boneless Sardines,
French, in oil, Yawl Club, J^-tins, 15c j
dozen, $1 75.
Excelsior Baking Powder,
Made and sold by us 30 years, pure
Cream Tartar, full 16-oz. can, 30 cents;
regular 45 cents; 5-lb. can $125, regu-
lar $1 50. Money refunded if you don't ,
like it.
Extra Mess Mackerel,
heads and tails off, 12-lb. pail, $2 20j
regular, $2 75.
Imported Figs,
very choice, 2 lbs. 25 cents ; regular,
20 cents a lb.
Choice Italian Prunes,
From Oregon — tart — tasty.
3 lbs. 25 cents, regular 12>^c.
Fairy Night Lights,
semi-incandescent, for lighting ball and
drawing rooms, conservatories, etc.,
burn 10 hours, 6 in box, 25c; regular,
40c. ___
CATALOGUE. DON'T SEND STAMPS.
AIO PinP TELKPHOXKS:
432 .Tine Vino Main 1.
/■,-rr Cutfai- Sutter Main 111.
215 v^lUier California West 101.
2800 California ° akland Maiu l '
1 1075 Clay Oakland.
A DELIGHTFUL HOME.
St. Joseph's Sanitarium.
THIS INSTITUTION IS UNDKK THE MAX-
agement of the Sisters of Mercy. Invalids re-
ceive the best of care and fine rooms at reasonable
rates. Persons of old age, without reference to
creed or nationality, may secnre a home for life
including »care and medical attendance during
sickness he the payment of from one to two
thousand dollars. Each person la provided with a
private room. Climate unsurpassed, being free
from extremes of heat and cold. Sixth street and
University avenue, San Diego, I'al.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY-A*
law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., opp»
Bite Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Pellet. 'Vale*
phone 670. Residence telephone -"Pine 2601."
HEALTH RESORTS.
Til ST. HELENA SJHTUHtI,
ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT I
Send for Circular.