VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 89.
MICHELSON HAS
BEEN LIBERATED.
Weyler Causes the Release
of the San Francisco 1 >
Journalist.
SLAUGHTER OF CITIZENS
Non-Combatants in Punta Brava
Massacred by a Force of
Spaniards.
BERNARDO 3ITENO ARRESTED.
United States Officers Oat With War
rants for Revolutionary
Party Members.
' "■■•." ' • ■ ,- : !
[Special Correspondence of the United Press. ]
HAVANA, Cuba, " ' Feb. 26. — Charles
MicheJson, the special correspondent of
the New York Journal and the San j
Francisco Examiner, and his interpret
ter, Lorenzo Belancouft, who were ar
rested at their hotel at an early hour
yesterday morning and confined in Morro
Castle, were released provisionally to
night: .
General Gonzales Munoz reports that he
attacked a rebel camp near Mazanillo and •
a battle ensued which lasted three hours.
The Government troops routed the enemy,
losing only one officer and a ; former con
vict killed and fifteen wounded.. The i loss
of the insurgents is not officially given.
It is reported that a squad of * twenty
soldiers, while out on a foraging expedi
tion, met a large party of 'insurgents. ? In
the fight that ensued,. Lieutenant Pino,
Sergpant.Lazarb and four guerrillas were
killed and one corporal and four guerrillas
are missing. - • ' r = \*iv-'.'/. ;;vV;-|
The coruinander-irf-chief of the Spanish
forces has issued an order prohibiting
small foraging parties from leaving camp.
Colonel Vicuna reports having fired upon
the rear sruardof the rebel- band under
Gomez near Corral Falso, in the southern
part of the province of Matanzas, killing
two and wounding six of the enemy.
Colonel Molina's command met General
Macro's column near the center of Matan
zas province, killing eight of the rebels.
The Spaniards sustained no loss. . '|
General- Prats reports having had as en
. counter with h postiQU of Mjyso'4 cci«u^n : ,
in the*" Fan a Vflllej 7 ' south of Gardenas.
The rebels comprised three parties under
command of Zayaa, Metro and Viscano.
The engagement resulted in the defeat' of
the rebels, forty-two of whom were killed
and sixteen prisoners taken. Of the Span
iards a chaplain; a sergeant and sixteen
privates were wounded.
The rebels on Monday set fire to the
-houses and. huts in the town of Baino,
Havana province, and on Tuesday the
railway station at Baro in the province of
Matanzas was burned.
Captain-General Weyler has decided to
take one-tenth of all the horses in Havana
for the purpose of mounting new troops.
The steamer Catalina arrived to-day
with 1105 soldiers, the first installment of
the 1700 men who recently sailed from
Spain to re-enforce the Government-troops.
The wife of Ladislao Quintera, who was
taken prisoner at Guatao on Saturday, has
made a statement to United States Consul-
General Williams in support of her hus
band's claim to American citizenship and
has asked the Consul to intervene in his
favor. J. Frank Clark.
yOX-COMBA TASTS JUASSA CREIi.
' Slaughter of Peaceful Citizens by a Span
ish Force.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 26. — Refugees
from the towns of Punta Brava and Gua
tan, twelve miles away, have arrived at
Havana, and state that a rergn of terror
exists in their locality in consequence of
troops having massacred peaceful citizens
at Guatan on Saturday, the 22d.
The official Government report issued on
Sunday stated that a fight occurred near
Punta Brava on the previous day between
the troops sent from Mariano and the in
surgent bands of Villa Neuva and Acosta,
resulting in a glorious victory for the
Spanish arms, twenty insurgents having
been killed and fifteen prisoners taken.
Residents at Guatan have identified
eighteen of trie dead as pacificos (peaceful
citizens). Two were insurgents, and the
' prisoners are nearly all said to be peaceful.
One of them, named Ladislo Quintero,
claims American citizenship. He ;Is
•wounded by a ball in the arm.
. The following names of dead Pacificos
have been obtained: Jose Centera, Pedro
Aindor, Pascal Cnavez, Vidal Perdito,
Francisco Loza, H. Quisano, M. Hernan
dez, Ascance Garcia, Francisco Sales and
Pancho Chico. It is impossible to obtain
the names of the others owing to the
fright of the inhabitants.
A thorough investigation by American
correspondents, despite the fact that one
of their number had been arrested and
lodged in Morro Castle accused of visiting
Guatan, has resulted in obtaining the fol
lowing facts:
On the morning of the 22d a band not
exceeding forty insurgents, under Villa
nueva and Acosta, were attacked on the
highway by troops under Lieutenant Zieu
•ti and civil guards under Alcalde at
Hoyo Colorado, a town two miles west of
Punta Brava. The tight occurred at the
western entrance of Punta Brava, twelve
miles from Havana. It resulted. in the
wounding of one Spanish soldier, who was
shot in the head and died a half hour later.
The insurgents withdrew and the troops
entered Punta Brava arid remained two
hours, sending mounted , messengers to
Mariano, live miles east, asking that troops
be sent to Punta Brava. Lieutenant Zieu
jjesti then moved his detachment back to
Hoyo Colorado.
The Marquis de Cervera Alcalde of
Mariano, in command of troops there, sent
300 men including the Battalion Publico,
volunteers, firemen and a section of horse
artillery, all under command of Captain
Galvo.
The troops found a group of about
The San Francisco Call.
jtwenty-five: rebels at a stone bridge on the
highway at the eastern entrance of Punta
'BraVa at 4 v. sr.,and some scattering firing
followed. Both sides admit that no losses
occurred. The rebels retreated south,
alone the road leading to \ Ghiatao, a small
town one mile distant, 1 leaving the road ,
■ before arriving at the town and scattering •
in all directions. ."'•:'". ;V J ; » -O< V ■' "'"' ;■'
The Spanish column kept the road and
entered Guatao, tiring riKb-t and left at
everything in sight. A milkman loading
a wagon in front of his house, an eighth;
of a a mile outside of town, was shot and
wounded. He ran and concealed himsel 1
in the house. Some of , the troops left the
line, broke into the house and shot the man
c dead in his room. V -: ''.-: *?v-^v^ -.- ■''■'■:,-
The people of Guatao fled to the woods'
or hid in houses upon , the a i rival of troops,
who fired 1 indiscriminately. The f town
contains about forty houses, many of
them only thatched ;", huts. ; • Several : ■; men '■
were shot running to the woods and others
in places of concealment. , Some were too
old to run. One man, sick with erysipelas,
was killed in bed. The troops entered tne
houses and shot men in their rooms.' : '■••■::-
One woman, whose husband hid in a
■ bedroom, stood in the front door pleading
for hi 3 life. She was struck with the butt
of , a musket and knocked insensible. * y A
soldier.' broke down the door and : ; shot her
husband. One man, 68 years old, was
killed. ' All mentioned were peaceable cit
izens. : r ; '"" ; - '■■.; ;^>'/v'.-' : ..'' ; - ~^ : '} r ~-*>\ ': : ; '; ;"
:T The three brothers.Cbaves.cigar-mauers,
working in Havana, left work in this city
Saturday noon and went to Guatao in the
afternoon ito visit their mother. 1 One was
shot dead I running to the woods and two
were taken prisoners. ; * ■■'- " ' ■
■ Troops brought the bodies of the dead
from ; - the houses and fields and 'placed
them on the ground in front of the main
st or f:;: The prisoners who were ■ captured
in houses and fields withoft arms > were
pinioned ; and ''S compelled to walk *to
Mariano. They were 1 bruised and ill
treated on the way and required medical
attendance upon their arrival. ..:
Three physicians of the. Red. Cross
Society went to Guatao and found thirteen
dead and no wounded. \ j The -. bodies ; were
buried in the cemetery at Guatoa. . \fi'C,
;: Five prisoners taken = on : the morning t of
i the tight j on* the outskirts of " Punta Brava
were killed in the fields, making eighteen
peaceful citizens slain. : 7c\-'^ X I •; . ;
The Spanish, papers claim the insurgents
took refujte in the houses at i Guatao, firing
upon ! the troops from the same. If A' careful
examination of the houses and huts shows
no signs of bullets; no doois or outer win
dows were broken and , there are no signs
of a conflict. The only stone building in
town, the church, was not eutered. Among
the dead v,as the grave-digger, making it
necessary to ■> obtain a negro to . dig the
graves. &?/;x<>, "-■=■' •vV f ;'i"; .'V.\y'. :\f*'- " '
:'- The residents of Mariano say the troops
were drunk when • they returned 7 with the
prisoners Saturday night.' . Edward San
chez, keeper of a<iry-goods store at Maria
no anil a member of the volunteers, openly
boasts : tb,at he went into a bedroom at
Guatao and shot a man* under a bed.
The facts herein related are veririeu by
pstttms wt'o^ir«Ht ta Punta Brava ;ad
Guatao.
Marquis de Curvera, in an official report
to the Captain-General, says:
"Worthy of all praise, your excellency,
is. the. comportment of this column, of
which I feel myself proud. Captain Galvo
and , all others merit the consideration of
your excellency. I can assure you the
efforts made exceed all praise. All are
worthy, your excellency, for they have
done to-day what your excellency so
gloriously did at Jama, Santo Do m'ingb,
thirty years ago."
The towns of Guatao and Punta Brava
are now deserted. The residents fled to
Havana in fear of their lives. Of 1710 peo
ple in the latter town only fourteen re
main. The action of the troops so close to
Havana has created an intense sensation
here. The only official notice taken by
the Government is a telegram of congratu
lation sent Marquis de Cervera Sunday.
General Weyier, when asked if he had in
vestigated the affair, said there was a com
bat and persons were Killed with arms in
hand. The prisoners were also taken with
arms, he said. J. Fka.vk Clark.
TRIAL. Of FIZ.IBVSTERS.
Taking of t.ridence Against the Horsa's
Officers Concluded.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 26.— The
trials of the late officers of the steamer
Horsa, Captain J. H. Wiborg, First Mate
Jans P. Petersen and Second Mate H.
Johansen, on the charge of engaging in a
Cuban filibustering expedition, which is
said to have started from Brooklyn, N. V.,
in Novembar last, was resumed in the
United States District Court to-day.
Several members of the crew and others
who admitted they were being paid by
either the Spanish Consul or the Pinker
ton agency gave testimony similar to that
brought out at the preliminary ex
amination. The prosecution rested its case
and the defense opened.
At the afternoon session Captain Wibore
took the stand on behalf of hi'nself and
the other defendants. This closed the
testimony for both sides.
Counselor Keer presented thirteen
points which he desired the court to rule
upon in the charge to the Judge, and this
led Judge Butler to express himself re
garding the construction of the statute
under which the accused were indicted.
The Judge declared that he would not rule
upon the aspects of tne statute that were
unnecessary in the trial of the case. The
only points at issue, he declared, were:
Was this a military expedition? And.
if so, did the defendants aid it?
The Judge firmly expressed his con
viction that the combining of any
body of men for the purpose of engaging
in war constitutes a "military expedition"
within the meaning of the law, no matter
what name they may assume. In making
this ruling Judge Butler admitted that it
disagreed with the charge of the Judge in
a recpnt similar trial at Charleston, H. C,
when Captain Hughes of the Bteamer
Laurada was acquitted.
Judge Butler asked Counselor Keer to
state his views regarding the statute and
what constitutes a military expedition, and
Mr. Kter will do so to-morrow. Assistant
District Attorney Ralston began the open
ing address to the jury, and 3:45 o'clock,
before he had concluded, the court ad
journed until to-morrow.
Jl UEXO uxoxie arrest.
Federal Authoritinit Searching for the
filibuster.» Confederates.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2(>.— Bernardo
J. Bueuo was arrested to-day in connec
tion with the recent filibustering affair,
and United States Deputy Marshals are
looking lor other members of the Cuban
bASi FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
"Come back, mister, and ride this mule."
revolutionary party. The warrant charges
violation of the neutrality laws. Bueno this
afternoon appeared before Commissioner
Shields, who held him in $1500 bonds for
examination on March 3. The Evening
says it is the general opinion among
Federal officers that there is little if any
chance of securing a conviction of the five
men arrested yesterday.
Up to a late hour to-night no dynamite
has oeen found among the cases of guns
and cartridges on the Stranahan.
The revenue cutter Chandler took out a
relief crew of revenue men to the Beimuda
at 6 o'clock this evening and brought back
the men who have had charge of her for
the last two days. Tney also brought
ashore a part of her machinery— the con
necting link— so that she could not by any
means get her propeller into motion and
slip away with the marshals.
It was rumored that the story of the Ex
pedition got out through the treachery of
a tugboat-owner, who went to the Spanish
Consul and sold the plans.
REVOLT IN NICARAGUA
General Alonzo Leads an Upris
ing Against President Ze
laya's Government.
Corinto Believed to Have Been Taken
by the Rebels— A Battle Near
Momotombo.
NEW YORK, N. YJ Feb. 27.— The
Herald's special cable from Panama says:
A formidable revolution has broken out in
Nicaragua against the Government of
President Zelaya. So far as can be learned
the present leaders are General Ruben
Alonzo, ex- Minister of War; Jose M.
Chavarria, Military Governor of Leon;
Francesco Baca, ex-Minister of the In
tirior; General Godoy and others.
It is reported that the revolution has
spread all over the western provinces, in
cluding Chinandega and Chichigalpa.
The port of Corinto has been closed and
Mr. Severich, the general agent of the
Pacific Mail Company, has been notified to
that effect. Steamers will not be allowed
to touch at that port.
The port of San Juan del Sur is still
open. More than 500 tons of cargo for
Corinto are now awaiting shipment here.
A private dispatch from Nicaragua re
ports that hard fighting has taken place
between the rebels and the Government
forces near Momotombo on Lake Mana
gua. It is reuorted that the rebels cap
tured two lake steamers.
Telegraphic communication is inter
rupted at points between Corinto and
Leon with Managua, the capital.
The Pacific Mail steamer Barracouta is
unloading freight here which was des
tined for Corinto. It is believed here that
Corinto is already in the possession of the
revolutionist?.
GENERAL STRIKE ORDERED.
Fifty Thousand Garment- Makers in Balti
more Will Leave Their Posts
This Morning.
BALTIMORE, Md., Feb. 28.— A general
strike of garment-workers, to take effect
at once, was decided upon at a largely at
tended mass-meeting held to-night in
Harugary Hall. To-morrow morning
50,000 members of the Garment-Workers'
Union will refuse to go to work, thus
throwing out of employment probably a
like number of persons engaged in other
branches of the clothing industry.
It is a fignt for the recognition of organ
ized labor, and both sides are confident of
being victorious. Ten or twelve manu
facturers will be partly or entirely closed
to-morrow.
The Importance of Champagne.
Prof. R. Ogden Doremus in his chemical
analysis declares G. H. Mumm & Co.'s Ex
tra Dry to contain the least alcohol, also
the purest and most wholesome. Physi
cians and laymen alike have discovered
this, hence its importation in lSfifi equals
that of any three brands, or 45,125 cases
more than any other.
GOEBEL WINS
A SKIRMISH
i
Senator Hays Attempts to
Precipitate the Repeal
I, Argument.
• . :■ -- ■ --. j a.fj . . , 67 ;
MEETS WITH A DEFEAT
Anti- Huntington Leaders Easily
Bring About Desired * *
Delay.
MAY BE VOTED UPON . TO-DAY.
The Measure Comes Up as a Special
Order at the Evening
Session.
FRANKFORT, Kt., Feb. 26.-Senator
Thomas Hays, the leader of the Hunting
ton forces, attempted to bring up the bill
for the repeal of the charter of the South
ern Pacih'e Railroad before the Senate this
evening. This had, to be done without ob
jection. Senator Fulton was on his feet at
the instant of Hays' motion and vigor
ously entered his protest. Senator Hay
ward followed suit in the' hope of getting
under consideration another measure.
Senator Goebel, the champion of the re
peal bill, quietly indorsed the action of
Fulton and Hayward, and said he did not
want the measure considered in piecemeal,
and that the measure had been set for to
morrow evening, when it would be dis
posed of by the Senate. The friends of the
bill did not care to break into arrange
ments already made. I ;\
A vigorous fight will .be made by the
Huntington managers in the hope to do-
Teat the measure to-morrow. They. are to
night putting up bold claims to strength,
and assert that the bill will be defeated,
but the friends of the measure are conn
State Senator Rozel Woissingcr, One of the Leaders of the Fight Against the
Repeal Bill at Frankfort.
dent of its passage, and are not disturbed.
Senator Goebel said to a Call correspond
ent to-night:
"The bill will come up as the special or
der for to-morrow evening. I believe a
vote will be reached and the measure
: passed in that session."
Senator Rozel Weissinger will champion
the Huntington forces to-morrow and will
speak against the passage of the bill. Sen
ator Goebel will be assisted by Senator
I Taylor, Sims and others. Senator Sims
said to-night:
"There will be a tremendous n>ht put
up against the bill, but I think the only
way to defeat the measure is by delay. It
should, and I think will, pass the Senate
to-morrow."
Senator Hissom, a prominent Republi
can in the Senate, said: "The bill will
likefy receive the support of a great part of
the Republican members, and I thiuk it
will pass."
There has been no meeting of the House
Committee to consider the duplicate of the
Goebel bill in that branch, and will not be
until tte measure is disposed of in the
Senate.
Yesterday the mountain labored and
brought forth a mouse. Senator Weissin
ger closed Ins great forensic effort in be
half of^the monopoly, with the only visible
effort of sending part of his audience out
to get a— well, breath of fresh air, if you
like— and others who had comfortaDle
seats into very deep meditation, so pro
found in some instances that it became
sonorous, and in such regular cadence
that it gave him a sort of pitch by which
to regulate the inflexions of his unmusical
voice. Whether the Senator construed
this to mean a sweet concurrence with his
views or not is hard to say; but it is cer
tain that while he gave better observance
to the meter, he sang his song through the
full limit of his time, and seemed to think
he had done protty well, too. In one
sense he had. His power as a lull lobby
ist is no longer open to dispute.
On the whole the general effect of the
"mutual admiration society" member
from the "Pandanna" Club seems to have
been in favor of the bill, and its friends
are rejoicing in the fact that it was lie, ana
not the brilliant Bronston, who was se
lected to picture the legal effect of passing
this "appalling" measure. They continue
to hope that Bronston will take no further
part against the bill than to vote.
Weissinger's whole course thus far in
session has tended to antagonize a major
ity of the members. His persistent obsti
nacy in trying with two others to dictate
to the great majority of his party on the
question of supporting the nominee for
United States Senator, thus prolonging
the tight and defeating the wish of his
party; his captious and chronic objections
to almost anything or everything: that
any other member proposed, have tended
to win him few enthusiastic admirers.
Then, too. some of the members from
the mountain counties "don't like a fellow
that wears a plug hat and a high collar
and shaves every day." Yet Rozel Weis
singer is no "dude" by any means. He is
too exclusive, however, for "hoi polloi"(t.he
people generally), and especially for cer
tain members who never saw the inside of
atailor-shop, but always wear store clothes
on state occasions. Such is human nature,
and to such prejudices ambition must
bend the knee or fail. Weissinger has
been too proud to bow down, and the cause
he advocates is the loser.
The question is not how many votes did
he gain for his side by his speech, but how
many against it. The Senator showed a
lack of experience and judgment yesteV
day afternoon when he tried to kill off
Senator McChord, "who was to follow.
When he rose to begin he remarked that
it lacked but a quarter of an hour of the
usual time to adjourn, and moved to ex
tend the time and dispose of the bill be
fore adjournment. This would have shut
off Goebel's closing, which they all feared,
and limited McChord and any others who
might have desired to speak for the bill.
Of course there was prompt objection
and he had to consume the time himself.
His attempt had the effect of making
Senator McChord more determined than
before in his advocacy of the bill and he
is spending a good part of the time of the
recess in preparing a broadside in answer
to the line of argument that Senator Weis
singer's remark indicated he would follow,
and the Humingtonites are now "sorry
they did it."
Senator McOhord's effort will fully an
swer the expectations of his friends. It
will be a powerful and piercing arraign
ment of conscienceless monopoly and a
strong rebuke to the inconsiderate legis
lation which bred and fosteied to such dan
gerous growth the Southern Pacitic mon
ster. He has a powerful appeal to the
Senate, to heed the cries of the oppressed
people of the Pacific Coast, and withdraw
its countenance from the man and God
defying robbers and oppressors who, acting
under the law of Kentucky, ignore and
trample under foot the laws of California.
He will be listened to with much attention
by a full chamber and a crowded lobby, as
he is a popular speaker.
He is thoroughly prepared to answer
Mr. Weissinger, and in a master way dis
pose of his arguments as the deleterious
effects of the repeal on the confidence of
the people in the stability of chartered
institutions in general and railroads in
particular. He will show Mr. Welssincer
and the Legislature very conclusively that
the passage of the bill will hurt but few
people, and they are fully able to stand it,
while it will benefit nearly 2,000,000 who
were in almost absolute slavery as long as
the charter existed.
Mr. McChord is in fine trim, and when
he warms tip to his work, which he will do
in a few moments after opening, he will
win every one in the House not already
pre-e m i>tecl with hi m . His long- senrie* ill
his native county's contests with the
L. and N". Railroad over a bond liability
and his four years' service as Railroad
Commissioner under Governor Brown
have made him thoroughly acquainted
with corporation law and the workings of
tariff schedules. He will soon make
Senator Hays sorry that he ever alluded to
the subject of corpdration rates in Cali
fornia and the East.
The Springfield Senator has all these
things well sorted in his mind and he will I
not need to read them from print except
to show his authority for a citation of
fact. Major Hays will not bo able to keep
up with him even with his "primer" in
his hand, but the Senate will, and catch
ing the inspiration of the speaker follow
his array of facts and comparisons and his
logical conclusions therefrom till they are
led to the point of conviction almost be
yond escape. His speech alone will more
than match the arguments of both Hays
and Weissinger.
He will make but little allusion even to
the latter's criticism of Judge Seymour C.
Thompson's article in the American Law
Review, read to the Senate by Senator
Goebel yesterday, not seeming to think
that the Senator's attack needed any at
tention. It was too much like Sancho
Pan/.a charging the windmill. It may be
that Mr. McChord does not exactly see what
there is to answer, as it is a question in the
minds of some of the audience as to
whether Weissinger himself knew just
| what he was trying to say.
There are some few people, who still
think the Pandanna member a great law
yer even if he does make people "tired."
He may be a good iawyer without being a
good advocate, especially in a case like
this, where his own true and better nature
won't let his heart enter into the case in
which mistaken loyalty to interested
friends has led him and his natural obsti
nacy keep? him.
Senator Jack Gross was an attentive
listener to all the proceedings, and if he
was incliued to waver before, Rozel's
speech fixed him for the bill; and while
he will not probably make any extended
remarks on the subject during the debate,
he will talk outside— and "Jack" is a man
of few words and much influence among
his fellow-members, especially the country
boys, who admire him. He don't like to
wear a cravat, and as for a high collar like
Rozel's, he would as soon think of hang
ing himself.
He ridiculed Mr. Weissinger's burst of
indignation at the attempt of California to
secure a repeal of the Kentucky charter,
while the Mr. Huntington was engaged in
Washington before Congress, and his
characterization of it as "firing in Mr.
Huntington's rear." Jack was all through
the war, and was fighting like a man,
while Rozel was playing "mumbly-peg"
and tops, and he informed him that in a
real fight the custom wa3 to hit t-ne enemy
wherever you could, if in the rear so much
the better.
Senator Gross is a crude, rough dia
mond, but true as steel to his convictions
and his party, and very plain spoken.
When Cleveland was first elected '"Jack"
called on him, and being received in
a quiet moment entered into a chat with
the Wonder of the Age, during the course
of which, to emphasize some remark he
was making, he brought his mighty palm
down on the President's knee with some
force. Cleveland was startled, jumped,
and, impressed with the idea thai Captain
Gross was a man of much force, if not
many words, appointed him Marshal for
Kentucky.
The speeches yesterday and the after
talk have practically settled the fate of the
Continued on Second Page,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LYNCHED BY
A TEXAS MOB.
Two Outlaws Who Killed
a Bank Cashier Are
Executed.
GIVEN SHORT SHRIFT,
Taken From the Jail to the
Scene of the Crime and
Hanged.
BODIES EIDDIED BY BULLETS,
A District Judge's Plea for tha
Wretches Ignoied by the Mad
dened Crowd.
WICHITA FALLS, Tex., Feb. 26.— The
two men who murdered Cashier Dorsey of
the City National Bank here yesterday and
then looted the bank were captured this
morning. To-night they were taken from
the jail by a mob and lynched to a tele
graph pole.
The robbers, Foster Crawford and the
Kid, alias Younger Lewis, were captured
by posses of rangers under command of
Captain W.J.. McDonald in a thicket six
teen miles from "Wichita Falls. When
called upon to surrender they replied :
"We will surrender under "the condition
that you give us protection against any
mob violence." T<'iV.:i
Captain .McDonald's reply was: "Wo
will bore a hole through you if you do not
; surrender, but I will endeavor to the best
of my ability to protect you."
The outlaws surrendered, and the rangers
reached Wichita Falls with the prisoners
at 4 o'clock this morning. When the town
was reached it was found to be in a state
of uproar, and many threats - were made,
the: mob crying: "We will lynch them!
Give them a taste of Tyler; "that's what
t i ey deserve!" But they finally reached
j the jail and landed their prisoners in
safety.
Shortly afterward a crowd of well-armed
men gathered and repaired to : the jail,
where they remained discussing the situa
tion and swearing vengeance on the
, prisoners. ..;,.- ... ■ ■/-■-. =#J
', ■- i When ..daylight, came the entire popula
-1 tion of Wichita Falls had assembled in the
i vifiittty erf tiie r jail, each man bringing *
, weapsjr.- Those who could not boast of a,
.1 I Winchester had some sort of firearm con
. i cealed on their persons, judging from tha
appearance of their pockets. . ;
At 8:30 J. A. . Kemp, president of
the looted bank, and at least twenty men
j were admitted to the jail. Identification
I was instantaneous and undeniable. Dis
trict Judge George E. Miller at this junc
ture appeared on the streets in a buggy
and dr,ove from group to group pleading
! with them to do nothing rash and allow
the law to take its course.
Suddenly the report was heard on all
sides that the rangers were going to slip
the outlaws off to Fort Worth. In the
twinkling of an eye, hundreds of Winches
ters appeared on the scene and the mob at
once made an assault on the jail. After
some moments they succeeded in securing
an entrance, and taking the prisoners from
the jail, proceeded witn them to the bank
in which Dorsey was killed, where a pile of
inflammable material was ready to be con
verted into a bonfire to light up the scene.
Two telegraph poles were selected and
two ropes thrown over them, in the enda
of which loops had been made, which
were placed around the necks of the men
and the word given to pull. In an instant
the two men were swinging beneath earth
and sky.
Loud cries of "Riddle them was the
signal for the firing to commence. The
bodies were riddled with bullets and left
swinging.
ATEyOEJ) A. BROTHER'S DEATH,
A Ketituckinn Shoots a Murderer Who Warn
in the Hands of Officer*.
DANVILLE, Ky., Feb. 26.— John Mur
phy shot and fatally wounded Prank Ellis
at Stanford this afternoon while Ellis was
being taken from the jail to the court
house to be tried for the murder of his
brother, Henry Murphy. Murphy met
Ellis and the jailor within a few feet of
the courthouse door and shot at short
range, the ball entering Ellis' breast.
Ellis grasped the pistol and struggled with
Murphy until the jailor and a bystander
overpowered him.
Ellis was marshal of Junction City, in
this county, last May and tilled Henry
Murphy while he was said to have been re
sisting arrest.
End* Life by Inhaling Gat.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 26.— William H.
Pierson, a telegrapher and stenographer
of National reputation, committed suicide
to-day by inhaling gas attached to a rub
ber tube in his room at the house of a
relative, Mrs. J. Bell, in Hyde Park.
Pure
Blood means sound health. With pure
blood your stomach and digestive organs
will be vigorous; no dyspepsia. Rheuma-
tism and neuralgia will be unknown. Scrof-
ula and salt rheum will disappear. Your
nerves will be strong, your sleep sound,
sweet and refreshing. Hood's Sarsaparilia
makes pure Dlood. That is why it cures so
many complaints. That is why thousands
take it to cure disease, retain heajth.
Sarsapariila
Is the One True Blood Purifier. Small size, 2s. 9d. ; .
large, 4s. 6d. Sold by all chemists, or by post, of
C. 1. Hood <fc Co., 34, Snow Hill, London. E. C.
Hnnd'« Pi 1 1 « cure Liver Ills; easy to take* 1
nooa s fins eMy loopexate , lBt I}id< v2
STORM BREAKS
IS THE SENATE
Carter of Montana Takes
Fellow-Republicans
to Task.
DEFENDS HIS COURSE.
Party Members Who Truckled
to Cleveland's Policy Styled
Magpies.
SHERMAN AND TELLER CLASH.
Conflict of Words Between Friends
of Silver and the "Sound
Money" Leaders.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 2a— A nu
merous Senate and a large audience in the
llexies were highly entertained
to-day by ar. outbreak in the Republican
ranks, started by Carter of Montana, and
upheld by Teller of Colorado. It was Car
- first introduction to the Senate in
the role of an orator or leader, and hold
ing as he does the post of chairman of the
Republican National Committee, there
was much interest and importance at
tached to his words. He made an excel
lent impression at the start, speaking in
elo\v| time and iv soft, well-rounded tones
without any undue excitement or passion,
and he'kept it till the close, when his pe
roration was warmly applauded.
The speech was made in justification of
himself and the other Senators who had
voted against the House tariff bill. For
that vote be said he had ample justification
tad no apology. The tariff bill was not a
.Republican measure. It was a measure to
meet an alleged emergency, which, accord
ing to the President, did not exist at all.
it afforded no protection to the American
woo:-erower5, while it took good care of
the American wool manufacturers. As
Senator Morgan a few years ago held up to
ridicule the President's Democratic
cuckoos, so Carter ridiculed the Republi
cans who sustained the President's "sound
money" policy as magpies. He appealed
to the candid judgment of honest men as
to what Republican Senators were recreant
to their party — those who resisted the
obliteration of the last vestige of legisla
tion in favor of silver from the statute
j, or those who sustained President
Cleveland in that policy.
Carter complained that four members
of the Senate, including himself, had been
indicted by the leading journals of the
East and pronounced guilty of treason to
the Republican party without trial.
Against this judgment lie set up the fact
that the House tariff bill, which they had
helped to defeat, was at variance with all
past professions of the Republican party
on the tariff question.
"it is admitted, " he said, "that the
House bill is not and was not intended to
be an expression by the party of its views.
It has been and is now distinctly asserted
that it is not a Republican measure. It is
a measure to meet a:i alleged emergency
which the chief executive officer of the
Nation stoutly asserts does not exist at all.
''The party, then, is in the attitude of
forcing uncalled-for relief upon a reluctant
Democratic administration."
Aside irom this, Carter contended that
the method employed was seriously ob
jectionable. It ouiit upon existing law as
a foundation. The "Wilson tariff bill has
been everywhere condemned by Republi
cans as notoriously inequitable and un
just. It assumed lo protect the manufac
turers, and cast the producers of so-called
raw material throughout the country into
open competition with cheap labor every
where. The pending bill now proposed to
make this injustice more glaring.
Certain Republicans of mature judg
ment, wide research and unquestionable
integrity of purpose had urged the party
to undo by law toe mischief brought about
by law. This element in the party was
known as the free silver element. Re
cently certain self-constituted censors of
party action had been pleased to denomi
nate such Republicans as conspirators
against the public weal; otners had gone
so far as to invite them to relieve the party
of their obnoxious presence. They had
been advised that their States were not
needed in Republican columns.
"To the candid judgment of honest
men," said Carter, "I leave the determina
tion of questions relating to the fidelity of
Republicans in this Senate to their party
principles. The Republicans alleged to
have proven recreant to Republican prin
ciples resisted the effort to strike the last
silver-coinage law from the statute books.
They resisted the passage of the Wilson
bill; they resisted the issuance of bonds
in time of peace; they resisted the con
troction of the currency by the retirement
of the greenback, and they now resist an
inferential violation of the principles of
tbe Republican party platiorm by resist
ing the approval of horizontal tariff revi
sion, ad valorem duties and the Wilson
bill.
"On protection and bimetallism," he
continued, "as the basis of economic and
financial policy of the country the whole
"West is united. The party which accepts
the one aud ridicuies the other cannot ex
pect support from the people of that Bec
tion of the country."
Carter concluded as follows:
"The maintenance of the unity and in
tegrity of the Republican party is of over
shadowing importance to the country. In
the midst of the prevailing chaos of
theories on public questions, we owe it to
the i ast and to the future tc stand firmly
by oar proclaimed principles, wiinout
evasion, mental reservation or purpose
to deceive.
"The pending measure, born under the
passing excitement of the manufactured
war cloud, would do the country no good,
but it would do the party great injury by
making it share responsibility for the
gloom which, appeared and will depart
with this administration."
Carter's speech was followed by a dis
cussion of the money question, in which
Senators Sherman of Ohio and Teller of
Colorado were the combatants on either
Hds and in which hard blows were given
and received.
Teller said the silver men |"were to be
turned out of the Republican party be
cause they believed in maintaining all the
provisions of the platform and not a part
oi it."
Sherman replied to Teller. Sherman
defended his own position on the money
question. It was now felt and believed
that the bimetallism now established by
law was not only the fixed rule in the
United States, but was growing to be the
rule in all the silver States, in South
America and Mexico.
Teller said tuat the Minneapolis conven
tion would never have entertained such a
deiinition of bimetallism as the Senator
from Ohio. It would be laughed out.
The Senator could not put the Republican
party on that kind of bimetallism.
Everybody knew that the people could
not get along without subsidiary silver
coin. To define that as bimetallism was
playine on the American people what
might be called, in common parlance, a
"bunko game." Teller said he would read
an article on the question from the New
York Evening Post, "a paper which had
never said a kind word for silver."
"Nor anybody else," Hawley prompted.
"It is said to be owned by British cap
ital,'"! eller added, "and I understand that
is the truth of nearly all the great metro
politan dailies."
In the further course of his speech, de
livered in a very exciting manner, Teller
exclaimed that the only thing that would
bring prosperity and progress to the
country and would silence the discontent
of the people, which was shown by a Re
publican success one year, a Democratic
success the next year and a Populist suc
cess the third year, was honest, sound
money, made up of the two metals.
This parliamentary storm was suc
ceeded by a dead calm, in which the
Cuban belligerency resolution floated for
an hour or two without making any per
ceptible progress. Allen (Pop.) of Ne
braska offered a substitute for the pending
Cuban resolution. It authorizes and re
quests the President to issue a proclama
tion recognizing the independence of the
republic, of Cuba. He asked that the reso
lution lie on the table.
Allen referred to the vote yesterday on
taking up the tariff bill and the state
ments made by Morrill (R.) of Vermont
and others that the tariff bill was dead,
and stated that while he did not believe in
the policy set forth in that bill yet if the
Republicans couid unite upon it and would
couple with it an amendment providing
for the free coinage of silver — not a substi- j
tute— the I'opulist party in the Senate !
would help pass it. The Populists in the !
Senate now said to the protectionist Re
publicans, "We will swallow your measure
of taxation (the House tariff bill), which
fa nauseating, which is unjust, if you give j
to the people of the country more sound ■
money with which to pay the increased
taxation."
He said that the Populist votes, added
to the forty-four Republican votes in the
Senate, would carry the House tariff bill j
by a' majority of five, aud the Populist !
Senators would give their votes for it if {
the Republican Senators would vote for j
the addition to it of a free-coinage substi
tute. He introduced and sent to the
clerk's desk a bill in that form.
IN THE HOUSE.
Arguments in the Van Horn-Tarsney
Election Contest.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.- All
but the fir~t hour of a long day's session
in the House was devoted to the discussion
of the Van Horn-Tarsney contested elec
tion case from Missouri. It was announced
by Johnson, in charge, that a vote would
be taken to-morrow. Tarsney made the
opening speech in his own behalf, advo
cating the adoption of the recommenda
tion of the minority- or that the case be re
opened and the ballots in certain disputed
precincts in Kansas City recounted.
Messrs. Parker (R.) of New Jersey and
Powers (R.) of Vermont also supported
the minority report. Burton (R.)of Mis
souri advocated the majority report un
seating Tarsney (D. ), but the latter had
not ceased his remarks when the House,
at 5:30, adjourned.
Powers was interrogated by Johnson as
to whether or .not he had read the evi
dence in the case. Replying that he had
read some of it, Johnson asked, "How
much?"
"I have read enough to know that you
and the majority of the committee are all
astray in the way you are proceeding. You
have stopped just short of the facts in the
case." [Applause.]
He urged upon the Republicans of tho
House the necessity of avoiding: making a
precedent that should return to plague
them.
Senate amendments to the bill extend
ing the time in which the Government
may enter suit to annul land patents
issued under railroad, wagonroad and
canal grants, were concurred in by an aye
and noe vote— lss to 93.
The resignation of Representative
Cowen (D.) of Maryland as a member of
the Committee on Banking and Currency
was announced by Speaker Reed.
Loud (R.) of California, chairman of the
Committee on Postoffices and Postroads,
reported the postal appropriation bill for
the year ending June 30, 1897.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pensions for Californians—A Seta Post
office Established.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— A
postottice was to-day established at La
costa, San Diego County, Cal. Lewis K.
Marshall was appointed Postmaster.
Representative Johnson introduced a
bill to increase the pension of William S.
Peters of California,
Pensions for Californlans — Original
(twenty years' service): Richard Hayes,
Vallejo; Joseph Chilson, Fallbrook;
Lemuel C. Kincaid, Encinitas; William
Henry Kane, San Francisco; John S.
Soule, Orland. Original widows: Lilly M.
Martin, Yuba City; Henrietta Howe,
Stockton; Allie Hudson, Fresno; Mary
Moalton (mother), Los Angeles; Mary A.
Sprague, Sacramento.
Washington— Original: Robert B. Cran
dall, Olympia. Restoration and additional:
Russell W. Rocksen (deceased), North
Yakima. Original widow: Mary E. Rock,
North Yakima.
ATTITUDE TOWARD CUBA. *
Two Resolutions to lie Submitted to the
House Committee To-liay.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— At to
morrow's meeting of the House Committee
on Foreign Affairs, the principal matter
uncier discussion will relate to the attitude
to be assumed by this Government toward
the Cuban insurgents. It is understood
that at that meeting the sub-committee to
whom the Cuban correspondence was re
ferred, will report two resolutions, one
favoring a recognition by this Government
of the belligerency of the Cubans, and
another more pacific in character, but
looking ultimately to that end.
Investment Schemes Are Lotteries.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 28.—Attor
ney-General Harmon to-day submitted to
Postmaster-General Wilson a decision to
the effect that the numerous bond and in
vestment schemes conducted throughout
the country are lotteries, and not entitled
to the privileges of the mails.
Naval Increase Advocated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— The
sub-committee of the House Naval Affairs
Committee recommends six new battle
ships and fifteen torpedo-boats, 1000 ad
ditional enlisted men and $250,000 to begin
tbe work of building auxiliary guns for
vessels under subvention.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY -jt, 1596.
BOIES TO LEAD
THE SILVERITES
His Name May Head the
White Metal Party's
Ticket.
WOULD MAKE THE RUN.
■
; Regarded by lowa Leaders as
the Logical Candidate of
the Bimetailists
! DECLINES DEMOCRATIC HONORS
The Ex-Governor Can Secure the Fourth
Party Nomination if He Will
Accept It.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 26.— A con
ference of leading silver men of the State,
nearly all of them Democrats, was held
here this afternoon. It was secret, but
enough has been made public to create
something of a sensation. It develops
that the leaders of the silver Democrats
knew some time in advance that Governor
Boies was going to issue Ihe letter de
clining to be a candidate for tue Demo
cratic nomination for the Presidency, lie
consulted with some of them about it.
S. H. Bashor of Waterloo, one of the
silver leaders, a neighbor of Boies and one
with whom the latter has frequently con
ferred recently, said to-night that in view
oi the action taken to-day and of the let
ter by Boies, he believed there was a
strong prospect that the lowa silvorites
would, in case it became evident that both
the Republican and Demoratic National
parties were going to declare against
silver, join a National movement for a
silver ticket this year and name Boies as
their choice for the head of such ticket.
He said Boies' letter made him at once the
logical candidate of such a movement and
that he would certainly be the strongest
man who could be named on such a ticket.
He believed there would De no doubt
about Boies' nomination if he would have
it; and he was satisfied if the nomination
were offered him Boies would consider it a
duty to accept.
Amo3 Steckel of Bloomfield presided at
the meeting to-dey and C. J. Murphy of
Dubuque was secretary. The important
action was the issue of a call for a conven
tion of silver men here July 14. This is
eight days before the National Bimetallic
Convention at St. Louis, and the date is
set with the idea that if lowa so desires, it
can send a delegation to that convention.
ELK INS WAS MISQUOTED.
Hid Not Say That West Virginia Wottld
Support McKinley.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— Senator
Elkins' attention being called to a re.
port from Cleveland dated the 21st inst.,
reporting that he was in that city and au
thorized the statement that the delegation
*rom West Virginia would support McKin
lt»y at the St. Louis convention and that
he (Elkins) was for him, stated that he au
thorized no such statement and that he
had not declared his preference for the
Presidency to any one.
He also said that the statement that he
had said that West Virginia would be for
McKinley does the State an injustice, as
well as the delegates, who are yet to be j
chosen. He does not wish to be under
stood as trying to commit the State or
delegates to any particular candidate.
Senator Elkins further expresses the
opinion that Southern Republicans should
send delegates to St. Louis not pledged to
any candidate and that they should con
fer after reaching St. Louia and decide
upon the wisest and best course to be pur
sued in the interest of the South and act
as a unit upon some definite line of action.
DECLARES AGAINST JSIJuTER.
Resolutions Passed by the Neu> Yorh
Chamber of Commerce.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26.— A special
committee of the Chamber of Commerce
on sound financial organization met this
afternoon in pursuance to instructions to
instructions to outline a financial policy to
be followed by the chamber during the
coming Presidential campaign. The fol
lowing resolution, presented by Gustav H.
Schwab, was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this commit
tee that the agitation in favor of the mainte
nance of the present standard of value and
against the free coinage of silver should be
prosecuted with vigor.
The following, presented by Richard
Young, was also adopted:
Resolved, That it is to be referred to the exec
utive committee, with the recommendation
that the prepare and submit to the Chamber of
Commerce an address inviting the co-opera
tion of all commercial bodies and of all bu-i
--ness men in the movement to secure the adop
tion by the National Convention of both great
political parties of unequivocal declarations in
favor of the maintenance of the present stand
ard of value.
PETITION TO BLACKBURN.
"Sound Money" Men J>etnand Sis
Withdrawal From the Jttace.
FRANKFORT,' Ky., Feb. 26.— There
were 134 members present in joint as
sembly this morning. They voted as fol
lows: Blackburn 62, Hunter Gl, scattering
11. No choice.
A petition asking Senator Blackburn to
withdraw from the Senatorial race was
drawn up by the "sound money" men to
night, and will probably be presented to
him to-morrow. At the last moment sev
eral "sound money" men "kicked out of
the traces" aud refund to sign the pe
tition.
CLEVELAND TO P RESIDE.
The Pretident Will Conduct a Presby
terian Ma* a -Meeting. ■• ■
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. President
Cleveland will visit New- York next Tues
day evening for the express purpose of
presiding at tne mass-meeting of Presby
terians to hi held in the interest of . home
missions at Carnegie Hall. Mr. Cleveland
will come up in company with Dr. Tal
mage, who will also speak at the meeting.
For several years, owing to the hard
times and increasing demands made upon
it, the Board of Home Missions of the
Presbyterian Church has fallen behind in
its funds. Strenuous efforts are now being
made to awaken the people to the under
standing that true patriotism can best be
exhibited by attention to spiritual wants
of their countrymen. A collection will be
taken up Tuesday night. " >• •;
Applications for tickets of admission to
the meeting have been received by the
committee from all over the East. Locally
the demand is many thousands in excess
of the capacity of the building. The
boxes have been sold. The platform will
be occupied by the ministers of the
presbytery and* their invited guests and
the church erection board. The paraquet
and dress circle will be reserved for the
officers of the Presbyterian denomination
und their wives. Admission will be by
ticket only.
BEAR-ADMIRAL FYFFE DEAD.
He Served on the Blockade Fleet During ihe
War, and Later Commanded the
Monocacy.
OMAHA, Nebr., Feb. 26.— Joseph P.
Fyffe, rear-admiral of the United States
navy, retired, died at Pierre, S. D., last
night.
Rear- Admiral Fyffe was born in Ohio on '
July 26, 1832. In 1847 he was attached to
tbe bomb vessel Stromboli, home squad
ron. In 1863-65 he served as lieutenant
commander-, on the Minnesota, the flag
ship of the North Atlantic blockade squad
ron, and he took part in the destruction of
the Confederate blockade-runner Hebe
aud two rebel guns on the beach near Fort
Fisher, N. C. in August, 1363, the destruc
tion of the blockade-runner Ranger, the
conflict with the Confederate batteries
near Datch Gap, and other important en
gagements. He was commissioned ag
commander in 1867, takhig charge of the
Centaur and later of the Monocacy. In
1889 he was promoted to commodore. At
the time of his death he was commandant
of the navy-yard at Boston.
Asphyxiated, by Oat.
NEWCASTLE, Pa., Feb. 26. —When
Watchman O'Neil at the Rainev Berger
furnace oDened the office door this morn
ing he found Superintendent Thompson
insensible and Mrs. Frank Carlisle, whose
husband is electrician at tbe Tire-nail
works, lying dead on the floor. Superin
tendent Thompson, who is a married man,
was taken home and may not recover. It
is supposed that they were asphyxiated by
gas. "
ROENTGEN RAYS OUTDONE.
Horseshoe Magnet Utilized to
Photograph Through Hard
Substances.
Professor Pratt's Experiments With
a Simple Outfit Results in
Success. •
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 26.— Professor
H. P. Pratt of this city has duplicated
with the horseshoe magnet the more
elementary experiments the world ia
making with cathode rays. That is to
say, he is producing the shadows of iron
rings in boxes, coins in a leather purse
and that sort of thing.' It seems that the
simplicity of the apparatus needed would
popularize the photography. He con
ceives of a great magnet to photograph
the human body, with its fine diffusion of
lines of force briu: ing out all the varia
tions in flesh and bone upon the plate.
Lines of force from a magnet laiu on
a sensitive piate produce chemical de
composition. Objects placed betwfen the
magnet and the plate retard the rays
in proportion to their density. The nega
tive gives prints showing shadows of the
objects.
ihe other night Dr. Pratt, out of curi
osity, put a horseshoe magnet on top of a
sensitive plate. Beneath the ends of the
magnet he laid some pennies. The plate
was wrapped up in heavy black cloth.
Then Dr. Pratt turned out the lights and
went home. When he came back next
morniug and developed the negative the
results were too good to believe. As he
afterward said :
"Of course you understand that the
shadows of a photographic print are the
light parts on the negative. That par.t of
the plate where the magnet had rested was
white. The location of the pennies was
shown by light spots."
When tbe discovery shall have been
brought to perfection it is his belief that
it will show upon the sensitive plate the
delicate tissue of the human body. The
crude results he has obtained cause Dr.
Pratt to be more strongly contirmed in his
theory that the unknown rays are simply
lines of electricul force. Whether from a
Crookes tube, a static machine or a mag
net, he professes to believe the activity is
the same in all cases.
BREAKS ALL RECORDS.
Professor Rowland's Multiplex Printing Tel
egraph Can Transmit 18,000 Words
Over One Wire in an Hour.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26.-A Tribune
Bpecial from Baltimore says: Professor
H. A. Rowland of Johns Hopkins Univor
slty, after nearly a year*3 labor, has been
successful in perfecting a remarkable in
vention for transmitting telecrama written
upon a typewriter at the place of sending
and reproduced in typewritten form at tbe
receiving point.
In addition to the typewriter part of the
invention, Professor Rowland, with bis
new machine, can send over the same wire
five or six different messages at the same
time in one direction, which, in duplex,
makes ten or twelve messages which can
be transmitted on the same wire at the
same time. Thus, with five operators at
each end of the line, 300 words a minute
can be transmitted.
Dr. Rowland is assured that no such in
vention has ever been patented. He has
used a synchronous device in his inven
tion, and in the mechanical arrangement
of tbe typewriter he has used but eight
signals, the letters being produced by
combinations. The current of electricity
transmitting the message can be relayed,
and in this manner the invention can be
operated for a great distance.
In finished form the instrument will be
as convenient, and as easily operated as
the ordinary telegraphic apparatus. Pro
feßsor Rowland calls his invention the
"Multiplex Printing Telegraph."
SAW HIS Til Alt WIFE'S SHADE.
Then an Attendant at a Spiritual Seance
Committed Suicide.
MUNCIE, Ind., Feb. 26.— Joseph A.
Brown, a prominent citizen in the real
estate and insurance business and ex-city
clerk, was found dead in his office by his
son this morning, having committed sui
cide by shooting himself through the head.
Brown attended a spiritual seance last
night and believed he had spoken to his
former wife. This ,is believed to have
had something to do -with his suicide. He
leaves a large estate to his second wife. It
is also alleged that he was behind $6000 in
his accounts with the insurance companies.
■ ■ - ■ " « .. . . ■•■ ■
Oppose th« Censure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.—Dins
more of Arkansas reported to the House
to-day the views of the minority of the
members of the Foreign Affairs Committee
on the resolutions censuring Embassador
Bayard. The report states that the minor
ity respectfully dissent from the views of
the majority and submit that the resolu*
tions ought not to pass.
DIRECT BRINGS
A LOW FIGURE
The Celebrated Stallion
Sold for $8250 at
New York.
BUYERS NOT ACTIVE.
Good Stock Disposed Of at
Prices Far Below Its
Value.
SALE OF CALIFORNIA HORSES.
J. M. Griffith of San Francisco Pur
chases Miss Creighton and
Miss Kate.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26.-Direct,
the celebrated stallion, with a record of
2:05%, a son of Director (2:17), and at one
time the champion American pacer, was
sold this evening for $8250 to James Butler
of New York City, the president of the
Fleetwood Driving Park Association. The
price the famous stallion went at was not
up to that expected by his owner, Monroe
Salisbury, who remarked after the sale
that the sum was just one-third of his real
value.
The speedy mare, Lesa Wilues, with a
2:09 record, whose sire was Guy Wilkes
with dam Hannah Price, was knocked
down to the highest bidder in the after
noon for $4150, a price said to be much
below the mare's worth.
The stock offered during the day was, as
a rule, of good quality, but the prices ob
tained were unusually small. An example
of the low prices prevailing was the sale
for $700 of Whalebone, a four-year-old
colt, with a record of 2:24.
Among the horses soM were the follow
ing:
Lucina Wilkes, b. m., 1889, by Guy Wilkes-
Hattie; Charles M. Reed, Erie, Pa., $950.
Muta Wilkes, 2:11. b. m., 1888, sire Guy
Wilkes, dam Montrose; J. S. Ferguson, New
York, $1300. Burliugame, 2:lß}^, b. L, 1891,
sire Guy Wilkes, dam Sable; Walnut Grove
stock farm, Washlngtonville, N. V,, $925.
Double Cross, 2:18%, blk. m., 1890, Bire Sable
Wilkes, dam Hinda Wilkes; Carl 8. Burr, Corn
mack, L. 1., $1800. Lesa Wilkes, - 2:09, br. m.,
1890, by Guy Wilkes-Hannah Price; Carl 6.
Burr, Commack, L. 1., $4150. Forty-six head
were sold at the morning's sale, bringing
$22,270. Property of Pleasanton Stock Farm
Company, Pleusanton, Cal. : Direct, blk. s.,
1885, by Director, 2:17, dam Echora, 2:23l a ';
James Butler, New York City, $8250. Miss
Creighton, b. m., by Direct-Little Clem; J. M.
Griffith, San Francisco, $510. -Too Soon, blk.
s., by Direct-Midget; S. T. Dickinson,
New York City, $1550. Lou Mitchell, br. m.,
by Direct-May Mitchell; Fred G. Steinway,
$1500. Miss Kate, b. m., by Direct-Fanny X;
J. M. Griffith, San Francisco, $510. Honey,
ro. f., by Direct-Belle McGregor; S. T. Dickin-
Bon, New York. City, $2500.
In all sixty-seven bead were sold during
the day, the total amount received being
$41,575, an average of $620 52 per head.
TREE GETS THE VERDICT.
Decision Rendered' in the Garfield Park
Racetrack Cate.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 26.— After a long
and closely contested trial a jury in Judge
Burko's court this morning returned a
verdict awarding ex-Judge Lambert Tree,
former Minister to Belgium, $38,320 dam
ages aeainst Michael 0. McDonald, known
in gambling and turf circles of the coun
try as "Mike" McDonald.
The action grew out of the renting of
the Garfield Park Racetrack, owned by
Judge Tree, to the Garfield Park Club.
McDonald, it was claimed, guaranteed the
rent, and the point on which the defense
rested to win was that the ex-Miuister
knew that the law against gambling- was
being violated on his property and there
fore had no right to recover, having rented
the tracK for gambling purpose?. Judge
NEW TO-DAT.
Can you find better READY-MADE SUITS at
. any price than in our Ready-Made Clothing
Department. Being Wholesale Manufacturers
in the wholesale district where the rents are
low, we can undersell ALL others.
: m|<7 r- f-\ Black Clay Worsted Frock Suits, silk lined
*rl I / Tu\ I throughout, dressy, fashionable and elegantly
M* * ■ lVi ' v/ tailored. You would be lucky to find so good a
suit for twice the price outside of our store.
/J>/"\ CT /^ Tweeds that compel admiration. No such
?KV^ I^U goods ever before offered at the price.
(J\ £) f~" f\ Black, Brown and Gray Cassimeres, stylish cut,
T^^S «^V_# fine finish, equal to usual $15 suits at clothiers'.
{£> (Q •'• CT f~\ Cassimerfls, plain checks, more wear than
7K£S J^\J beauty, more beauty than the average.
. {Ty^T HUT /TV Handsome Gray Cassimeres, Single and Double
/ M^3v-/ Breasted Sack Suits. Durable, neat, well made.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
our number 541 MARKET ST.
Do not be deceived by firms using a similar name. Only branch house
iin San Francisco— l ] Montgomery street. ' ;
Tree, however, swore he was ignorant of
betting on the races there.
McDonald will be sued for $25,000 more
rent due from the defunct club under the
lease.
Zimmerman, in Xew york.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26.-The
most prominent racing cyclist of the
decade, A. A. Zimmerman, bobbed up in
downtown wheeling circles yesterday,
fresh from Australia. He reached here on
Monday, but his presence was not known
to his friends until yesterday, when, ac
companied by Harry \\ heeler, he showed
his sunbrowned face on Broadway, The
great rider looks to be in good health.
WIZL HUSH FOB HOMES.
Settlers Awaiting the Opening of a Gov
ernment Grant.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 28.— The 22,
--000 acres of land in O'Brien County re
cently restored to the Federal domain from
the Sioux City and St. Paul land grant,
will be opened to-morrow, and to-night
there are over 1000 people here who want
to enter pieces of it. Tn «; are camping
around the Federal building, in which the
land office is located, the alleys on two
sides being impassable, and the streets are
almost as badly crowded in the vicinity of
the building.
The "sooners" are not all from O'Brien
County. They come from all over lowa
and from three or four other States. There
will be a number of filings for every piece
of land, and some fine legal points will
have to be determined. It win take two
or three days, in all probability, to receive
all the applications.
SSMUEZ jaMSOJf DEAD.
Passing of the Inventor* Father at the
Age of Ainety-Tuso.
NORWALK, Ohio, Feb. 2fi.— Samuel
Edison, father of Thomas A. Edison, the
inventor, died here to-day aged 92 years.
Samuel Edison was born in Nova Soot'a
on Aueust 11, 1804. and had lived at Milan,
Ohio, and Port Huron, Mith., a greater
part of his life. It was at Milan that his
son Thomas was born. Mr. Edison
stopped here for a visit with his niece,
Mrs. W. A. Poyer, while en route to Fort
Myers, Fla., the winter home of his son.
The burial will probably occur at Port
Huron, Mich. Thomas A. Edison is ex
pected here tp-morro»v and until his ar
rival no definite arrangements will be
made. .
GOEBEL* WINS A SKIRMISH
Continued from First Page.
bill, both in the Senate and in the House,
unless the Huntington people spring a
mine ana break the line of attack. Goebel
and his squadron are in the saddle for vic
tory, which they see nearly in their grasp,
and it will be hard to stop them. There
was a little incident in yesterday's pro
ceedings which shows the tactics resorted
*to by the anti-repeal lobby.
The Goebel bill was, as noted, the
special order for 3 o'clock. Senator His
som cf Newport soneht to have it post
poned in favor of bis bill providing for
glass - fronted vestibules on streetcars,
which the streetcar company of Louis
ville, of which St. John Boyle is vice-presi
dent, is opposing vigorously.
Mt. Boyle has been hatching the prog
ress of the bill carefully, and knowing
that a day's delay in the action on the
repeal bill endangered its final passage,
conceived the idea of making one bill
right the other. Senator Hissom was in
duced by some professed friend to try
and force the consideration of his bill. He
was not successful, however, the chairman
deciding for the special order — arid this,
too. without the friends of the latter bill
having to antagonize Mr. Hissom, who is
still in line with the Goebel party.
IN 188 Hor/yE COMMITTEE.
Hubbard Say* the. Profit* of the Pacific
' lioads Are EnArtnou*.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— Thomas
H. Hubbard, representing the Searles es
tate, concluded his statement before the
House Committee on Pacific Railroads to
day. He stated that the profits of the Pa
cific railroads were enormous. He could
not say what the roads had made, but he
did not think any man was living, with
one exception possibly, who could give the
information.
Speaking of the Canadian Pacific Rail
road, he said that it was decided to build
the road long after the American Pacific
roads were completed. When the Can
adian project was undertaken the difficul
ties were well known; yet the Dominion
Government had given the Canadian Pa
cific much more than we had given our
roads, and had asked no return.
He did not want to contrast the two
Governments, but he wanted the commit
tee to consider the difficulties experienced
in building our roads. Representative
Boatner asked if the building of our trans
continental roads had not forced the con
struction of the Canadian Pacific, but Mr.
Hubbard thought not.
Taking up the questions of dividends,
Mr. Hubbard said it was an every-day oc
currence to have railroad bonds default
after paying interest for years. In such
event did the stockholders say .that this
interest should not have been paid,
but should have been saved for
one "evil day." The Government pro
vided what the roads should reserve for
its benefit.
These requirements have been carried
out and there was not money enough on
hand now to meet the bonds and inter
est, because the Government requirements
had not been sufficient. The company had
to decide what should be done with its net
earnings year by year. It could not look
ahead fifteen years.
In settling the matter the interests of
the Government, the company and the
public were to be considered. It had been
suggested that the Government take the
roads and run them. As far as the Cen
tral Pacific was concerned he favored the
Frye or Smith bills— funding measure?.
Tne road, he thooent, could live up to the
requirements of cither of these measures.
The committee adjournod til! to-morrow,
when General Traffic Agent fcitubbs of the
Central Pacific will he heard.
Snowatortn in Hungary.
BUDA PESTH, Hungary, Feb. 26.—
Heavy snowstorms are prevailing through
out Hungary, in many districts blocking
railways and causing a suspension or
traffic.
Great A C d
Vj iCd L Buyers
This Week
vcl LCiICS " Wonder "
Drugs.
A Face Chamois Free
with every box of powder
THE WONDER PRICES!
• .■ ■ ■ '■ ■ - •
Swan's Down 10c
De Laire Powder, 25c and 50c
Lablacbe Powder 30c
I.illc-n Powder (Fischer's) 45c
Pozzonl's Powder 35c
' LydlaPinkham's Compound 75c
"Wonder" Sarsaparilla. 760
Scott's Emulsion 40c
WONDER DRUGSTORE
(FLETCHER & CO.),
- 1028 Market Street.
COCOA I
FREE! i
_ Miners' Pure Breakfast Cocoa Cjy
FREE ALL THIS WEEK. fa
"Drop in" and have a cup. 'j^
INTRODUCTORY ©
PRICES! ©
Good Only Until February 29tb. ||
Toboggan Maple Syrup, 1 ga1. .'..;..:. $100 ]5?
i Eastern Buckwheat, pure, lot 1b5..... 350 Qj^
Miners' Best Ground Chocolate, 1 lb. i.'Oc /»^
Finest Baltimore Oysters, IMb. tin... 18c js?
Western Washer, with wringer. $5 00 Ow
Gold Welgnt Pure Spices, 14 lb. 100 /$\
Best Table Salt, 50-1 b. bag 25c *V?
| Antonini Oil, best imp0rted.,...;.... ' 55c G&
I Mincing Knife, new style 10c >5w
■ 50-cent Harmonicas, each 25c (JJ?
$25 Sewing Machines, each ?20 00 /*S
25c Goodrich Dress Shields . 15c
Ladies' Fine Jersey Rib Vests 15c (2«
Best 9-oz. Duck Overalls 60c fg\
■ All WaU Paper, 1896 styles, dis 3SV3C *&
Largest Western Department 'i?
Store. Catalogue free. (M
Smiths' Cash Store, ©
414, 41 6, 41 8 FRONT ST., S.F. (^
Write " I
Home I
I \^f^. Industry on your
,-flr '' ]ft order. Don't buy
' T TRADE. • J
<ir"n Ea ste.rn-made
t shirts when your
order. Don't buy
Ea s tern-made
shirts when you
" A^j' can get STANDARD
I VfcPkr SHIRTS made here,
. -^/ s t an( j in every way
better. *■
Neustadter Bros., Mfrs., S.F.
THESIICCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UXTIIi MIDNIGHT.
jfß^yr^Jnilboro Tnroat, i>im P IeJI i l iP^ t ' pe rH
wHAIt YOU Colored Spots, Aches, Old 6orcsiH
■SlVc-T in " out h liiirf-Sltag J Write COOKH
KUEDT CO., UO7 Ma.onlc ' Templ*£J
JKChlcmro. Til; f° r proofs of cons. , ta PVtSJ
■till. 8500,090. Worst casoa cured in XSS&
Site as days. :toQ age M t , free. IHI
TO MERCHANT TAILORS
CUTTERS!
AN OLD ESTABLISHED TRADE FOR SALTS
cheap, on account of sickness. Apply at 431
Kearny street, between 2 and 4 o'clock.
"oOSaiOFOIjITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 »nd 102 Fifth st., ban
trail Cisco, Cal.— The moat select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, 91, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according 10 room, Meals 25c. Rooms, 50 j
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the CO3-
-mopolltan Hotel. Wat. FAHEY, Proprietor.
HEALTH-RESORTS.
THE ST. HELEXI SAMTARISJI,
ST. HELENA, NAPA COUNTY, CAL,
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT!
v --'. Send for Circular.DISCORD IN THE
SALVATION ARMY
The Rank and File Stands
by Ballington Booth
and Wife. f
MAJOR GLEN RESIGNS.
His Withdrawal Likely to Be
Followed by That of Other
Leaders.
TALK OF SECESSION ENDS.
The Ex-Commender Will Turn Over
the Funds Deposited in His
Name.
)
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26.— The Eng
lish brigadiers of the Salvation Army
headquarters are still firm in their support
of General William Booth of England in
his removal of the former commander,
Ballington Booth, from his position, but
the rank and file of the army, officered by
Americans, are still largely in favor of
their much-beloved commander and his
wife.
At the headquarters of the assembly the
situation to-day was not materially
changed from that of yesterday. The one
important change was the resignation of
Major Peter Glen and his wife. Major
Glen had been in charge of the field de
partment and was one of the most power
ful officers in the work, and his resigna
tion may be followed by that of other lead
ers.
The couple to-day sent a letter to Com
missioner Eva Booth, giving as a reason
for resigning that Commander and Mrs.
Ballington Booth had been dismissed
without a just cause. Major Glen said to
day that Ballington Booth had in no way
advised his resignation, and that his
action in withdrawing was entirely of rhs
own accord.
"Baljington Booth will not lead an
American army. " was the answer Major
Glen made to-day to questions about Mr.
Booth's "intentions. "He has received a
number of invitations to conduct evan
gelical meetings and very probably will
engage in some such work."
Mr. Glen also said that the published
reports that large sums of money had been
promised to Mr. and Mrs. Baliington
BootL to carry on any ■work they might
desire were in a measure true. He said
that a committee of prominent citizens
had made such offers, but who they were
he would not say. Officers of the army
nave little fear that Ballington Booth will
not turn over the funds of the army in
this country, which are all deposited in
his name in various banks. He has
already signed checks for the current ex
penses of the organization.
Another account has been started in the
name of Eva Booth, to which all available
funds are added, but many of the contri
butions still come in the form of checks to
the order of Ballington Booth, which must
be deposited in the accounts in his name.
Colonel Eadie, one of the Salvation Army
leaders in is coutry, announces positively
that all danger of secession by the support
ers of the former commander, Bailington
Booth, is now past. All the brigadiers of
the army who, during the controversy be
tween the two factions, had been wavering,
are now ready to support General William
Booth of London against Mr. and Mrs.
Ballington Booth.
EXTEVDS TO THE COAST.
Salvation Army Members Affected by the
Dissension.
SEATTLE.Wash., Feb. 26.— The trouble
in the Salvation Army has extended to
this division, which includes \Vashington,
Oregon and the southern half of Idaho.
Major Percj' Morton is to be succeeded in
office by Major Adam Gifford of the South
ern Michigan division. The latter is now
en route and is expected to arrive at the
S-attle headquarters of the division on
Sunday.
Major Morton has been assigned to the
position of secretary of the Northwest
.on, with headquarters in Chicago.
The acting major of this division said to
:iiat he would not follow Ballington
Booth if the latter organized another
army. The deposed commander, he de
, was guilty of doing the very thing
that he, as commander of the army, was
continually tring to stamp out, to wit: in
subordination.
•As for nationalism in religion," he
continued, "I do not believe in it. Re
. should be world-wide— bicger and
broader than any nation."
FORTUNE IN A TRUNK
Seventy Thousand Dollars Left
by a Man Who Lived
Upon Charity.
The Woman Who Cared for the Aged
Miser Not Remembered in
His Will.
SEW BRrNSWrcK, N\ J., Feb. 26.
--:-'.ircu made in an old black trunk at
I liver yesterday revealed the fact
:;,at Watson B. Prentiss, who died in that
on February 15, instead of being a
; oor man, was worth about $70,000. Pren
is,wbo had lived in South River for
vearp, had made his home for the
• ; i,irty years with Mrs. Dunham. For
■. . ral years he had been almost helpless
Id age, and out of sympathy Mrs.
ham cared for him.
The old man never paid her any money,
,en said she would get all he had
■ :.. n he died. This led her to believe that
l'rvntiss had some money hidden away
• shore, nut he never talked to her
nis affairs. His only known rela-
T \v:is a brother, Thomas Prentiss of
New York, whom Prcnti>s seldom saw.
A few <iays ;it<> it was learned that Pren
lad a will tiled with a lawyer in New
York. The will was made out in New
aid named executors who are now
• I fed. By the will the brother and two
m oond nieces are made the sole heirs.
Mrs. Dunham's name was not mentioned.
After the will was found a search was
made for the old man's possessions. Yes
terday the old trunk was searched. The
ben were much surprised to und
beveral Government bonds in the trunk.
There were thirty $1000 bonds having un
paid coupons for fifteen and seventeen
years, in addition to deeds for $10,000
worth of property in Connecticut, a large
sum of money and valuable papers. An
inventory was taken of all the possessions,
amounting to $70,000.
Last Friday Thomas Prentiss and a law
yer called at the Surrogate's office and
wished to have the Surrogate take an in
ventory of the estate of the deceased. As
no jurisdiction had been given to the Sur
rogate this was not done. The brother and
the lawyer then went to Soutn River, and
taking the coods from the trunk deposited
them in a safety deposit vault in this city.
Thomas Prentiss has filed caveat against
the probatt of the will, and the jurisdiction
adjusting the estate now lies with the Or
phans' Court.
MUST PROVE THEIR CHARGES.
Sir Charles T upper to Sue the Publishers
of Two Newspapers for Mali
cious Libel.
OTTAWA, Okt., Feb. 26.— The Halifax
Chronicle and the Montreal Herald pub
lish an open letter from Robert McCon
nell, editor of the former paper, addressed
to Dr. Weldon, a member of Parliament
for Albert, N. 8., and C. H. Cahan, ex
member of Parliament, calling on them to
substantiate the charges which ho alleges
they recently made against Sir Charles
Tupper, late Canadian High Commissioner
to England and now Secretary of State in
the Dominion Cabinet.
The charges in question are, in effect,
that Sir Charles Tupper, when a member
of a former Cabinet, hishonestly obtained
$40,000 from the public purse, and as a con
sequence of such conduct he has not since
been entrusted by the Ottawa Government
with any important financial transaction
during his occupancy of his position as
High Commissioner.
Sir Cnarles Tupper denounces the charge
as a false and malicious libel and has di
rected that criminal proceedings be en
tered against the publishers of the Halifax
Chronicle and the Montreal Herald. Dr.
Weldon and Mr. Cahan both deny that
they ever made such charges against Sir
Charles Tupper.
PROMPT RELIEF URGED
Refugees at Zeitoun Suffering
From Starvation and
the Cold.
Hundreds of Sick Lie Near Dead
Bodies Without a Rag to
Cover Them.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26.-The fol
lowing cablegram was received here to
day from , Constantinople, dated February
25:
"The British Erabassador hears that
there is great misery and sickness among
the refugees at Zeitoun, especially on ac
count of the bitter cold. The sick by
hundreds lie near corpses of dead women
and girls without a rag to cover them.
Many sent off have died on the road from
exhaustion. The Government is unable
to relieve; they appeal to us. Report to
relief committees elsewhere. Appeals for
help exceed means throughout the rielr l .
Pres* upon all committees our need for
funds. For humanity's sake, urge
strongly."
The National Armenian Relief Commit
tee urge all the local committees, individ
uals, etc.. to send contributions as soon as
possible to Brown Brothers <fc Co., 59 Wall
street, New York City.
FRESH MASSACRES REPORTED.
Armenians Put to Dettth in the Sivas
and Kharpoot Itistricts.
LONDON, Exc, Feb. 26.— The Chronicle
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Constantinople, saying a fresh series of
massacres have occurred in the Sivas and
Kharcoot districts. No details of the out
rape are obtainable.
The Daily News to-morrow will publish
a dispatch from its correspondent in Con
stantinople in which he says he learns
from private sources that the Turks in
Marsovan surrounded the Armenian quar
ter of that place on February 14 and de
manded that the inhabitants accept lslarn
isni.
About 500 of the Armenians consented,
but 150 refused, whereupon they were at
tacked and massacred. The correspondent
adds that for a weetc past all news from
Asia Minor has been carefully suppressed,
and this fact has caused great uneasiness
in official circles, where it is feared the
news of fresh massacres will hasten Rus
sian occupation of the country.
WILL START FOR ZEITOUX.
Hubbell and jllason to Slake Vse of
Their Iradcs.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey, Feb 26.—
United States Minister Terrell has received
a telegram from Marash stating that sup
plies for the relief of the Armenians in
Asia Minor are obtainable in Marash.
Messrs. Hubbell and Mason of the Ameri
can Red Cross Society will start for Zei
toun to-day, if the irades permitting their
departure are ready, as it is expected they
will be.
Ruaso- Turkish Audiences.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Feb. 26.—
Much comment has been caused here by
frequent audiences with the Sultan of M.
De Nelidoff, the Russian Embassador.
These audiences are held in compliance
with the reques&of the Sultan.
Snltihury Meets Costahi Pasha.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 26.— After the ad
journment of the Cabinet meeting to-day,
Lord Salisbury had a long interview with
Costa ki Pasha, the Turkish Embassador,
at the Foreign Office.
BELGIUM CAMXET CHANGES.
De Ernst Stayer Succeeds He Burlet as
Prime. Minister.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, Feb. 26.— A royal
decree has been issued accepting the
resignation of M. de Burlet, Prime Minis
ter, Minister of the Interior and Minister
of Instruction, and appointing M. Faverau
Minister of Foreign Affairs. M. de Emet
Mayer, the Minister of Finance, succeeds
M. de Burlet as Prime Minister. M. d«
Burlet has been appointed Minister to
Portugal, and has also been made a Minis
ter of State, which is tantamount to cre
ating him a member of the Privy Council.
Ashantee Expedition Returns.
LONDON, Bsa., Feb. 26.— The military
expedition which was sent to Asliantee
under command of Colonel Sir Francis
Scott has returned to England. The troops
disembarked in the Thames this after
noon and were inspected and congratu
lated by General Lord Wolseley, cominan
der-in-cbief of the British army.
Ili'jh Price for a Chaucer.
LONDON, E.vo., Feb. 26.— A copy of
Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales" of the first
edition, printed by Caxton in 1478, was
sold at the salesrooms of Sotheby, Wilkin
son & Hodge, auctioneers of literary prop
erty and works of art, 13 Wellington street,
Strand, this evening for £1020. This is the
highest price for the work on record.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1«96.
JUSTICE MUDDLED
AT SANTA ROSA
Two Judges and Two Dif- j
ferent Cases in One
Courtroom.
* — __ — .
MATTERS BADLY MIXED.
Double Sets of Deputy Sheriffs,
Clerks, Lawyers, Clients
and Witnesses.
A COMPLETE JUDICIAL TIE-UP.
Bailiffs Rush Frantically About, Un
able to Set the Machinery
in Motion.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 26. — The
opening of Department 1 of the Superior
Court of this county this morning was not
attended by the decorum that usually per
vades that section of the Courthouse. On
the contrary, confusion reigned supreme.
There was a racing and chasing of Deputy
Sheriffs, there were orders given to clerks
that were as quicKly countermanded,
and the spectacle of two Judges, two sets
of litigants and lawyers and two swarms
of witnesses, all in one courtroom, afforded
the big crowd of spectators an unusual
sight.
Judge Daingerfield of San Francisco
held court in Department 1 yesterday in
the case of Wesley Mocks vs. the City of
Santa Rosa, sustaining the demurrer of
defendants to the affidavit of plaintiff ask
ing that the Mayor and Common Council
and Contractor Perkins show cause why
they should not be punished for contempt
of court.
This question having been disposed of,
court was adjourned until 9:30 o'clock this
morning to take up the petition of plaintiff
for an injunction restraining defendants
from further proceeaings on the new
water works.
Judge Dougherty, presiding Judge of the
Superior Court of this county, arrived at
the Courthouse this morning about 9
o'clock. His clerk and stenographer were
anxious to know where the third depart
ment of court would be held. • He in
formed them that he would proceed at 10
o'clock with a criminal case in Depart
ment 1, and ordered them to be in readi
ness at that time.
At 9:30 Judge Daineerfield took a seat
upon the bench of Department 1 and
formally opened court, but there was no
clerk and no stenographer. The bailiff
was dispatched in hot haste to bring in the
missing officials, but returned shortly and
reported that the cleric could not be found,
and that the court reporter of that depart
ment refused to come.
Attorneys Lynch and Farquar for plain
tiff thereupon posted off to the clerk's
office and demanded 1 the papers in the
case, which County Clerk Fulton refused
to deliver.
At this stage of the judicial game noth
ing could exceed the stately calm of
Judge de Haven, special counsel for the
city, and his associates, Judge Rutledge
and City Attorney. Cowen, seemed quite
resigned to the situation. On the other
hand, Attorneys Lynch and Farquar, for
plaintiff, grew more excited every mo
ment, Mr. Farquar declaring it to be a
"job," and dramatically demanding to
know "where he was at."
Just at this time Judge Dougherty
stepped from the chambers into the court
room to try the criminal case upon his
calendar. The two Judges, after a few
words, withdrew to the chambers of the
presiding Judge, where they remained
closeted for nearly an hour. What took
place there only the Judges know, but
shortly before 11 o'clock Judge Dougherty
ascended the bench and called the case of
the People vs. Fisher. A jury being de
manded by the defendant, the case was
postponed until to-morrow at 10 o'clock to
allow a venire of thirty jurors to be j
drawn, and Judge Dougherty proceeded \
with the city case as soon as the criminal j
case was over.
A review of the case of Mock vs. The
City shows that Judge Dougherty, if not
disqualified by reason of being a tax
payer, felt some delicacy about trying the
case, and suggested to the attorneys that
he would request any Superior Judge
whom they might agree upon to come here
and hear the case in its various phases.
Accordingly the attorneys stipulated that
Judge Daihgerrield should be requested. .
On two or three occasions, the matter
appearing on the calendar, Judge Dainger
field was invited by the presiding Judge to
occupy his bench and accepted the invita
tion.
Later on the attorneys for plaintiff ap
peared before Judge Daineerfield in his
chambers in San Francisco with certain !
petitions and affidavits, upon which the
Judge made the orders now being dis
posed of.
These matters were set for February 10,
and on that day the San Francisco Judge,
without any special invitation, and in the
absence of Judge Dougherty, organized a
court and proceeded under the strenuous
objections of counsel for the city to hear
the motions, and after a partial hearing
the matter was continued until Feb
ruary 24.
Yesterday Judge Daingerfield again
opened court without an invitation from
the presiding Judge, which was held until
a late hour and adjourned to meet at 9:30
o'clock this morning, when the conflict of
jurisdiction occurred. .
In an interview with a Call representa
tive Judge Dougherty called attention to
section 71 of the Code of Civil Piocedure,
which reads: ? " ., \~:S
A Judge of any Superior Court may hold the
Superior Court in any county at the request of
the Judge or Judges of the Superior Court
thereof, and the Judge holding the court shall
have the same power as the Judge thereof. ■-
Continuing, Judge Dougherty * said:
"My construction of this section is that
the power of a foreign Judge to act de
pends upon the request, and that the
power only exists while he is holding the
court; that he can only hold court in the
conn ty. when he is invited. No power to
act outside of the county is found in the
statute. Any other construction of this
section would lead to the greatest incon
venience and confusion, if the Judge
who has been invited once to hear one
phase of the case can construe it into a
continuous request and by reason thereof
entertain ex parte applications and set
them for fixed days in the court where he
was invited, he can disorganize the whole
of the court's calendar.
"The stipulation of the attorneys is not
an invitation or request that an outside
Judge shall hold court, but is simply a
stipulation that the court in which the
case is pending may invite a particular
Judge; otherwise attorneys might stipu
late a Judge clear off of the bench.
"It is my intention to carry dut this
stipulation and invite Judge Daingerfield
to sit in my place whenever I find the case
upon the calendar, but I think the orderly
and best practice would be for the attor
neys to submit their ex-parte applications
to me and let me request each time Judge
Daingerfield to come in and hear them,
otherwise I can set no case in this court
with any degree of safety."
In an interview Judge Daingerfield said:
"There was no clash of jurisdiction. lam
the acting Judge in the case, ana as such
should have entire charge of every phase
of it. The stipulation in the case precludes
Judge Dougherty from hearing any part
of it."
The attorneys in the case are ex-Su
preme Judge de Haven, Judge Rutledge
of Santa Rosa, Mr. Goodwin of San Fran
cisco and City Attorney Cowen, for the
city, and Attorney Lynch of San Francisco
and C. b. Farquar of Petaluma for plaintiff.
MARE ISLAND HOTES.
The JUonadnock to lie Inspected To-Day.
Rumors About tfie Baltitnore.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 26.— The monitor
Monadnock will be inspected to-morrow
by a board of officers detailed for that pur
pose. To get her in readiness the ship
smiths and shipfitters will work all to
night, and the electricians to get her
electric apparatus in complete working
order will work until 12 o'clock.
There was a report current to-day that
the Baltimore was to be put in order at
once for commission, but it can be traced
to no reliable source. Orders have been
received to make estimates on the cost of
giving her a thorough overhauling and
also an estimate as to the cost of tempo
rary repairs. She is now in the arydock.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
G. Lorenzo, Who Killed Antonio
Perez at Saratoga, Has
Been Acquitted.
No Witnesses and So the Defendant's
Claim of Self-Defense Was
Accepted.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb 26.— G. Lorenzo,
who killed Antonio Perez during a row
above Saratoga about a month ago, has
been discharged from custody. There
were no witnesses to the tragedy, and at
the inquest before Justice Foster at Sara
toga yesterday Lorenzo's testimony
showed he had acted in self-defense.
The men were engaged in chopping
wood on the McGraw ranch, ana quar
rele|i over the quality of some cheese.
Perez attacked Lorenzo with a hatchet,
and the latter picked up a pickax and
struck Perez over the hfart. The wound
was a frightful one and Perez died a few
days later at the county infirmary.
Business Troubles of Lams it" Lord.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26.— W. &. J.
SloaneA Co., of San Francisco and other
creditors to-day petitioned the Superior
Court to have the Lams it Lord Furniture
Company declared an insolvent debtor, as
its property had been allowed to remain
under attachment for the past two weeks.
The petitioners and amounts due are: W.
& J. Sloane & Co., $365 91; Sanborn. Vail
<fe Co., $120 32; Seller Bros. & Co., $17;
Henry Bernhard <fc Co., $66 75; Hulse,
Bradford & Co., $73; Hey wood Bros. & Co.,
$202. The petition will be heard March 16.
Insufficient Evidence to Convict.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26.— The exami
nation of John E. Stocklin before Jus
tice Gass this morning on a charge of
assaulting George Rackerman with a
deadly weapon resulted in a dismissal of
tl.«* complaint. There was not sufficient
evidence to convict and a charsre of light
ing was substituted. He pleaded guilty to
the charge and paid a fine of .*7. The men
had a row in a saloon, during which
llacke r man received a knife-wound iv the
abdomen.
Articles of Incorporation Filed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26.— Articies in
corporating the Ruby Queen Milling and
Mining Company were tiled in the County
Clerk's office to-day. The capital stock is
$100,000. San Jose is to be the principal
place of business. The following are named
as directors: T. E. Johnson, Kate E. John
son, H. Postletbwaite and R. R. McLeod
of San Jose and H. W. Postlethwaite of
Saratoga.
Sent to the WhUtier School.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 26.— Herbert
Gillespie, who has just finished a thirty
day sentence for petty larceny in the
County Jail, was taken to the Whittier
Reform School this morning. Gillespie,
who is only 17 years old, is vicious and
beyond parental control. He has been up
in the Police Courts frequently for petty
offenses.
Alonzo A. Goodman's Will.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 2G.— The will of
Alonzo A. Goodman, who died in Kansas
City in 1893, was presented for probate by
W. S. Clayton to-day. The property in
this city consists of two lots on South
Third street valued at $6500. The property
is left to Isabella Goo<lman, the widow,
who resides in Missouri, and seven chil
dren.
THE WILLOWS MURDER TRIAL.
Testimony All in antl the Case About to
Go to the Jury.
WILLOWS, Cal., Feb. 20.— Taking tes
timony in the Sehorn murder case came
to a sudden close this afternoon at 3
o'clock. After the defense announced that
they rested the prosecution only offered
one witness in rebuttal, calling Dr. Ran
dolph to rebut any theory that deceased
might have had a weapon upon his peison
at the time of the killing.
The defendant took the stand in his own
behalf, but was not kept a great leng;h of
time. In his direct testimony he said: "I
have carried a pistol for a great many
years, having been a peace officer under
Sheriffs of Glenn County as well as Colusa.
It is my invariable practice to put it un
der my pillow at night and in my pocket
in the morning. Putman knocked me
down and 1 thought my life was in danger
when I fired."
To a question on cross-examination wit
ness said he was not a peace officer at the
time of the homicide and had not been
since the Ist of January, 1805.
The argument will begin to-morrow
morrow morning and it is thought the case
may go to the jury to-morrow evening.
RELEASED FROM QUARAXTiyE.
The City of Hankow Turned Loose With
Smallpox Aboard.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 26.—
The British snip City of Hankow, which
has been in qaarantine for the past fifteen
days at Diamond Point, wa9 to-day re
leased acid towed to Had lock to load lum
ber for the west coast. It is rumored that
another case of smallpox was developed
among the crew this morning.
MILL VALLEY
WORKMEN STRIKE
Scenic Railroad Laborers
Allege Inhuman Treat-,
ment.
FOOD UNFIT FOR MEN.
Small Pay, Long Hours and
Hard Work Under Exact
ing Bosses.
MARCHED ABOUT LIKE FELONS.
It Is Said Chinamen and Italians Will
Be Employed at a Dollar
a Day.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— 1t is
reported that tbe laborers employed by
the California Construction Company in
the building of the Mill Valley and Mount
Tamalpais Scenic Railroad have gone on
a strike. At this hour it is too late to get
communication with the upper camp,
which is situated far up on the mountain,
and in which the men eat and sleep.
This morning six men came down from
the mountain and told terrible tales of the
way in which they were treated. They
stated that the others intended to leave
their jobs this afternoon.
Last Saturday seventeen men left the
employ of the construction company and
went to San Francisce, disgusted. One of
the men related his experience on the
mountain, and when he had half finished
his story he was seized with a tit and car
ried on at a terrible rate. It was Btated
that overwork and poor food brought on
the attack.
There are 150 men at work grading the
route of the road, and eyery day a number
leave. The men are working at a starva
tion figure, and the people are entirely in
sympathy with them. They are paid
$1 75 a day. Out of this sum they are
compelled to pay $5 25 a week for board
and 25 cents extra for every meal on Sun
days.
They are not allowed to purchase any
articles except from the store established
by the company. At the end of the week
the men have on hand usually about 90
cents or $1, seldom more.
One man who left the employ of the
construction company consented to tell
his story to a Call correspondent on con
i dition that his name be withheld, as he
feared he might be unable to obtain
another position if it became known that
he exposed the doings of the -company.
Said he:
"The food furnished the men is some
thing awful— even a dog might turn up
his nose at it. I havo been working at the '
upper camp and the hours are terrible. In I
order to gel breakfast and walk up to the i
trail of the road the men must get up at i
5 o'clock in the morninc. At noon one
hour is allowed for dinner and the men
are marched back to camp, some two
miles distant, in the Broiling sun, where
they are fed stuff that is vile. Then the
j tramp back to the road is begun up the
mountain, and all this must be accom
plished within one hour. The men then
work until 6 in the evening, when back to
camp they march for supper.
"The reception at camp is most un
pleasant on account of the food. The men
i growl and are told that there are plenty
I ready and willing to take their places.
The place provided in which to sleep is
and a man could hardly live a
more wretched life."
At the headquarters of the teamsters in
Mill Valley a scene toot place that
illustrates now the men accept the situa- j
tion. A number of the men were seated
at dinner when the Chinese cook brought
jin a lot of potatoes which were harci. The
I men asued for better ones and the cook
i said there were no others. With this the
I men each grabbed a potato and com
menced to throw them at the Chinaman.
The poor fellow made his escape rather
the worse for the treatment, while the
room was literally covered with smashed
potatoes.
The commissary started to remonstrate,
and he also was treated to a similar experi
ence.
The feeling in Mill Valley is strong
among those who have come in contact
with the men. Every one agrees that the
pay is outrageous, and the men are a unit
in denouncing the food.
It is now stated that the construction
company having the work of building the
road in chanre intends to hire Italians
and Chinese at $1 a day and put them to
1 | work at once.
The railroad people say that many men
have gone back to San Francisco during
! the last few days with their blankets and
traps. ____________
SANTA ANITA SHOOTING
In a Drunken Quarrel One Mexi
can Is Dangerously Wounded
by Another.
The Assailant Escapes to the Hills
and Is Being Pursued by
Officers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.— Early
this morning Sheriff Burr received a tele
phone message from Deputy Sheriff Wil
son from San Gabriel that a tragedy had
been enacted at Santa Anita, and that he
needed assistance from the Sheriff's office
to arrest a murderer. It seems that two
Mexicans, named Morales and Ramon,
began last night to drink and quarrel,
with the result of Ramon being shot sev
eral times. The wounded man lies still in
a precarious condition.
The snot that was supposed to have en
tered his eye did not enter the eye, but
struck the hard bone above and glanced,
making a flesh wound. He has another
wound in the thigh. The man lies in a
shed on the Baldwin ranch, to which he
which he has been removed, and there is
some slight chance of his recovery.
Soon after the shooting the assailant
went up into one of the nearby canyons
and barricaded himself. He had taken to
his redoubt a Winchester ritle, a couple of
revolvers and a quantity of ammunition.
Deputy Sheriff Wilson stated that it was
plain that the man had determined to re
sist to the utmost and would probably pre
fer being killed to being captured.
Deputy Sheriffs Woodward and Barnhiil
returned from their chase this afternoon.
The fugitive, whose name is Joseph Mo
rales, decided not to die so heroically and
iost himself in the Santa Anita Canyon.
The posse hunted for him, but failed to get
him. They think that Morales will come
out of the canyon soon when the pangs of
hunger attack him.
AGAIXST SUXDAT WORK.
Methodist Preachers of Los Angeles Peti
tion the City Council.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 26.— At the
meeting of the Council Monday a petition
will De read from the Methodist preachers'
meeting asking that that body do what it
can to slop Sunday work on streets and
sewers.
"The grading of streets on this day,"
says the petition, "has in some instances
interfered with church services and other
wise annoyed peaceable and law-abiding
citizens. .We therefore respectfully ask
you to pass an ordinance prohibiting all
public work on that day except in case of
necessity."
There is no State law against working
on Sunday, and several Coancilmen who
read, the petition this morning are at a
loss "to know what to do in the matter.
Every contract for street, sewer and other
kind of public work provides that those
employed shall not work more than eight
hours a day, but nothing is. said about
Sunday. . v
A LOS JLTiUELKS MAW 8 FIXD,
Left on Mi* Doorstep Was a Bouncing
liaby Jioy.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 26.— A de
serted baby boy about five weeks old was
found on the front porch of the residence
of John Grant, 412 North Walnut street,
East Los Angeles, this morning.
At the time mentioned the faint cry of a
child was heard, and upon investigation
the babe was discovered. Its clothes are
of the finest texture. It was wrapped up
in a blanket. It is exceedingly bright for
its age. Officers are engaged on the mys
tery. In the meantime Mrs. Gray, the po
lice matron, will care for the little one.
THE KILBRANNAN FLOATS
After Being Given Up as a
Wreck the Big British Ship
Is Rescued.
Towed to Hadlock. Where She Was
Beached and Will Undergo
Repairs.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 26.—
With an ease surprising even to those who
accomplished it, the big stranded British
ship Kilbrannan was hauled into deep
water this morning about 4 o'clock. No \
one ever expected to see the vessel afloat !
again after two attempts did not succeed \
In moving the vessel ten feet.
The previous efforts were made with a !
j full force of the tugs of the local company , i
I but the vessel did not budge in her sandy ■■
I bed. This morning two vessels hooked ■
|on to her and with ease the vessel was j
pulled into deep water and then directly
to Hadlock, where she was beached, the j
big pumps in ihe meantime working to |
keep the hold free from the torrents that !
poured in from her shattered and punc- |
tured bottom.
The vessel will undergo temporary re- I
pairs on the soft beach at Hadlock and
j will th»n be taken directly to the drydock
! at Quartermasters Harbor, where it will
i be easy to remedy all the damage which
has resulted from being ashore for three
weeks.
It was not the intention to make the
effort until to-morrow, but yesterday the
crew working with the capstans on ked^e
anchors moved her forty feet, and it was
deemed advisable to go to work at once
before she could settle into the shingle
beach again.
SURPRISE!) RAXCHHAXDS.
They Atvake to Find Everything Around
Them Burned.
MODESTO, Qtb, Feb. 26.-This morning
workmen on the ranch of J. M. Canty,
twelve mile 3 southwest of Modesto, awoke
to find that some time during the night
one ol the most disastrous fires on record
in this county had occurred. A lar<*e
barn, containing thirty-eight mules °a
great many sets of harness, hay, etc was
burned— at what time is not known nor
how it was caused. The mules were in
sured for $1520, and the harness for $10 a
set. The rest was not insured, on winch
the loss is several hundred dollars
__^_^,_^__ u ._.'_ ,^,_^ ,^^^_^_ NEW TO-DAY. ;-^X
~T~ FURNITURE DEPARTMENT.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT !
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
; Our Complete Stock of Furniture without reserve at Reductions
from regular prices varying from 15 to 33; £ per cent.
All Goods are Marked in Plain Figures.
"We quote for Example :
Elegant Bedroom Sets, in different woods $57, former price $70
Handsomely Carved Bircn Bedroom Sets $19.50, former price $26.50
Handsomely Finished Wardrobe^ $20, former price $30.
Hand Polisned Oak Sideboards $28, former price $10.
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
250 Genuine Imported Oriental Bagdads, $5.00 each;
Former price $7.50.
150 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, odd lots, to close at Whole-
sale Cost. \
The Celebrated NAIRN LINOLEUM
Most Artistic Floor Covering made.
40c per square yard, laid, and upward.
We invite inspection of stoct and comparison of prices.
Values Cannot Be Duplicated.
Special Reductions in All Departments.',
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS,* FURNITURE,
UPHOLSTERY,
641=647 MARKET ST., S. F.
ELOPED WITH A
TIN-HORN SPORT
Grade Smith of Roseburg
Brings Grief Into Her
Family.
WEDDED TO A BAD MAN.
He Hopes Through the Marriage
to Kill an Indictment
Against Him,
; THREE ANGRY BIG BROTHERS.
They Vow Vengeance on Their New
Relative Should They Ever
Meet Him.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 26. — Monday
night R. Baney Matthews, a Rcseburg tin
horn gambler, 40 years of age, eloped with
Gracie Smith, the 16-year-old daughter of a
respectable pioneer family of that place.
They were married at Vancouver and are
at the Hotel Perkins here. Matthews nas
twice before had wives, the first woman
dying and the second securing a divorce.
His habits of life are such as to ostracise
him from association with good people.
He is at present under $5000 bonds to
answer to an indictment found by a Grand
Jury charging him with criminal assault
upon the child now his wife. The in
ference is that through this marriage Mat
thews expects to kill the indictment.
However, there are forces other than the
law that EL Baney Matthews has yet to
deal witn. His girl-wite is the youngest
of six children, and aside from the vener
able father of Gracie, ex-Judge Thomas
Smith, there are three stalwart men to
whom Matthews has yet to account. They
are the three brothers of his wife, and if the
information of J. B. Beckley, son of Sena
tor Henry Beckley, is correct, Matthews
may expect to receive a handling; from his
brothers-in-law that wili go far toward
dulling the edge of pleasure incident to
his third plunge into the matrimonial sea.
Mr. Beckley said this morning: "The
; family is heartbroken over the action of
I their baby girl, and have the sympathy of
I every man and woman in Southern Ore
i con irrespective of station or profession.
{ But there is a stronger element in the
I Smith family than the old folks, and that
iis the brothers and male relatives of
{ Gracie. Already these men are prepared
I for action, and I make no idle speech
j when I say woe be unto Matthews should
i he dare to show his face in Roseburg with
j the child bride he has stolen away."
"The man has been twice married, and to
i think that his eyes should light upon but
| a mere child for a satiation of nis animal
I instinct, never giving a thought to the
I ruin and sorrow that would follow his act,
| it seems as though reparation must follow.
Gracie was led away by flattery, her giddy
young bead being turned by the smooth,
! suave speech of Matthews. At one stroke
she has separated herself from father,
mother and home, and for what?— to be
come the wife of a man twenty years older
than she, who married her to save himself
I from the criminal prosecution hanging
over his head."
Mr. Beckley states that the people of
Roseburg are worked up to such a pitch
over the elopement that, even should the
brothers of the girl not act, it is more than
likely the citizens would make a demon
i stration should Matthews return.
Hearing the btratlinevi* balvitge Case.
VANCOUVER, B. 0., Feb. 26.— The Ta
coma marine commission arrived in Van
cover to-day and is hearine the demand of
the Canadian-Australian Steamship Com
pany for salvage claimed for the steamship
Miowera in pulling the wrecked Strath
nevis to sea when in danger of destruction
off Race Rocks.
34
HUMAN BODIES
FROM SEATTLE.
Startling Charges of a Pa
cific Coast Steamship
Official.
BIG TRADE IN CADAVERS
San Francisco Colleges Depopu
lating Cemeteries of the
Washington Town.
NO LAW TO STOP THE BUSINESS.
Inclosed in Rough Wooden Boxes,
the Corpses Are Labeled
" Merchandise."
SEATTLE, "Wash., Feb. 26.— A local offi
cial of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany some days ago made the statement
that bodies of human beings were being
systematically snatched from the ceme
teries of this city and sent as surgery sub
jects and for scientific purposes to medical
colleges in San Francisco. At least two
corpses, he asserted, were shipped to the
Pacific Coast metropolis via the steamer
Walla "Walla on her last trip down. They
were inclosed in rout:h wooden boxes and
labeled merchandise. The official in ques
tion declined to enter into details, but he
intimated that this grave-robbery enter
prise had been carried on for many months.
A local paper publishes a story to this
effect this afternoon and the authorities
are investigating the matter, though it
appears that the laws of this State do not ;
prohibit such nefarious business, for Hill's
Annotated Statutes and Cocies of Wash- |
fngton say :
"Any Shenff, Coroner, keeper of a coun
ty poorhouse, public hosdital. County Jail I
or Bl s Prsson must surrender the dead !
bodi of such persons as are required to j
be b: ried at public expense, to any physi
cian or surgeon, to be by him used for the •
advancement of anatomical science, pref- .
erence being always given to medical i
schools for their use in the instruction of
medical students."
There are seven or eight cemc es in
this city, all being practically vi arded
at night. Some are situated clr •to the
heart of the city, while others a on the
extreme outskirts, though all are easy of .
access either by streetcars or railway. The
County Hospital cemetery, where the pau
per dead are buried, is located on the Dv- i
vanish River, which empties into the i
sound.
Tt would be ?.n easy matter to bring '
bodies by steamer at night to this port :
and put them abonrd ocean-goinp vessels.
However, the probabilities are that the
majority of the bodies are being taken
from public burying-grounds, as there is
only an occasional interment on the I
County Farm.
Lyman W. Bonr.ey, the veteran under- }
taker of Seattle, while disposed to dis
credit the body-snatching story, said it
would be an easy thing to carry on such !
an undertaking, as many cemeteries of ,
the city were practically unguarded, j
especially during the night.
FR ESN OS RAISIN CROP.
Parkers and Shippers Hold an Impor
tant Conference.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 26.— The second
meeting of the raisin packers and shippers
of the San Joaquin Valley for the purpose
of a conference looking to a plan for hand
ling the crop of 1?&<5 was held at the
Hughes Hotel here this afternoon and
evening, at which nearly all the commis
sion packers were present, representing
many thousands of dollars. The former
conference meeting was held in San Fran
cisco.
At the meeting this evening consider
able progress was made in the direction of
unity of action, which promises results of
the greatest importance to all concerned
in the production and marketing of
raisins. Committees of the One Hundred
Thousand Club of this county have had
the matter under consideration for some
time and at least one member of its execu
tive committee was present at the confer
ence this evening.
The club at its meeting to-night in
structed its secretary to invite these gen
tlemen to attend a future meeting of the
club and address it on this important sub
ject. The producers are to be invited to
express themselves at some future meet
ing also, and that by means of these con
ferences a practical plan will be evolved to
consummate the purposes desired.
THE IRRIGATION TAX.
Tiaaliana Organize to Teat the Validity
of the District.
VISALIA, Cal., Feb. 26.— W. Clarke on
Tuesday afternoon filed a petition in the
Tulare County Superior Court enjoining
the Collector of the Alta Irrigation dis
trict from selling his property to satify the
unpaid irrigation tax of 1896. The object
of this suit is to 6tay the proceedings until
the Supreme Court of the United State 3
Las passed upon the constitutionality of
the Wright law, upon which all irrigation
districts are predicated. Clame's petition
was accompanied by a bond of *2000.
signed by himself, E. Jacob and John
Cutler, all large property-owners in the
Alta district. An injunction pendente
lite was granted by Judge Ross. A num
ber of the heaviest taxpayers in that part
of the district lying in Tulare County have
organized to take the above action and
test the validity of the irrigation district.
DISINCORPORATING A TOWN.
Politician* Must Lose Their Jobs or Lose
. «..■ -.iiJ.^' the Railroad Shops.'- '".U-J
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26.— President
I, G. Hill of the Great Northern yester
day stopped at Hilly a suburb of. Spo
kane, where are located his shops, and no
tified the people that unless the disincor
poration of the town was vacated he would
move the shops.
The town was incorporated a short time
ago by the narrow majority of three votes.
Those elected to office at once voted them
selves a lot of high salaries, and as Hill
owned two-third& of the property they ex
pected him to pay that proportion of tne
taxes. Hill is built on a different plan.
His fiat went out, a muss-meeting was at
once called and it was the unanimous
opinion that the corporation should be va
cated. ''■*■'* ■■'■■ t'r
Deputy yn*ttnaater Urnvn's Shortage.
SEATTLE, Wash., tfeb. 26. — A Port
Angeles special says Postoffice Inspector
XJordon has completed his examination,
finding that Deputy Postmaster John
Brown is short in his .accounts $1212 13.
I lull int.,- Hotel Attached.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Feb. 26.— The Mc-
Mahon House, the leafling hotel in Hol
lister, William Eastman proprietor, was
attached to-day by Moore, Hunt .t Co. of
San Francisco and other parties. The
hotel will be closed until a settlement is
made. The attachments aggregate a
large amount, and it is thought that
Eastman will be forced into insolvency.
Much sympathy is expressed for him in
his misfortune.
Snots Blockade on the Great Northern.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 26.— Freight
and passenger traffic on the Great North
ern road is at a standstill by reason of a
land and snow avalanche which slid down
upon the track in the Cascade Mountains
yesterday afternoon less than an hour
after President James J. Hill and a party
of St. Paul and New York capitalists had
passed through on their return to St. Paul.
Will Probably lie Acquitted.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 26.— J. M.
Johnson, alias "Missouri Kid," who shot
Joe Welsh two weeks ago, is undergoing
his preliminary examination on a charge
of assault with intent to commit murde.-.
There is no doubt now that Welsh will
recover. The evidence adduced this
morning shows that the shooting was
done in self-defense. It is thought the
prisoner will be discharged.
Arrival of an Overdue Schooner.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 26.— The
schooner.7. M. Weatherwax arrived in port
to-day with 300,000 feet of lumber for the
Pierce Bros. The schooner was long over
due, and some anxiety was beginning to
be felt for her safety 'on account of the
delay, which was caused by lack of sailing
winds.
PEARL BRYAN'S SLAYER.
Scott Jackson Is Practically
Convicted by His Own
Confession.
His Intimacy With the Unfortunate
Girl Admitted in a Jail
Interview.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 26.— Scott
Jackson, in an exciting interview with
a reporter at the jail this morning,
confessed to having had improper rela
tions with Pearl Bryan. This is the most
important confession of the prisoner since
his imprisonment.
Ever since his arrest, Jackson has held
out again3t overwhelming facts, that his
relations with Pearl Bryan were abso
lutely honorable, and that his sole pui
pose in having her come to Cincinnati and
undergo an operation was to protect his
friend, William Wood. In the interview
Wood is almost vindicated. Had he not
written the series of disgusting letters to
Jackson he would have been a free man
to-day.
Both Jackson and Wood admitted that
Dr. Gillespie had strongly ureed Jackson to
marry Pearl Bryan. Wood, when seen
after the Jackson interview, talked about
the Gillespie interview with little reserve.
He was not informed of what Jackson had
confessed. He unconsciously corroborated
Jackson's story, except the matter of his
(Wood's) confessing to having been too
intimate with his second cousin.
FLOCK TO THE HEALER.
Hundreds of People Visit Shrae
der, the Nebraska Rival
of Schlatter.
He Treats All Who Come, and Will
Accept No Remuneration for
His Services.
SPRINGFIELD, Ili», Feb. 26.—Schrae
der, the "divine healer," who came here
i Irom Lincoln and began business last Bat
' urday morning, has been unable to take
care of the immense crowds that have be
■ sieged him from day to day. The railways
' have had a noticeable increase of business
since his arrival. It iB estimated that at
j least 1500 persons have been treated by him
: every day.
At 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon he be
came exhausted, and had to close the doors
; of his parlor with a multitude still in the
j doorway. A couple too poor to pay their
i fare walked a distance of forty miles to re
i ceive the blessing of the healer. The
woman was suffering from something like
' erysipelas, while Jier husband had been
i severely burned. After visiting the healer
I they disappeared, and it is not known
whether they were benefited or not.
A couple from Portland, Or., arrived with
their crippled son, and after the healer
treated him they tooK the first train out of
town without disclosing tneir names.
Schraeder will accept no money lor his
. service. He wears a black robe, with a
j huge red sash over his shoulders.
INCREASES THE REWARD.
Lawyer Cody's Offer for Information
Regarding His Ml using Wife.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 26.— Arthur B.
Cody to-day offered a reward of $1000 to
any one finding and restoring to him alive
his wife, Grace Goodrich Cody, before May
1 next.
Mrs. Cody disappeared from her mother's
home in Tacoma, Wash., seven weeks ago,
while suffering from mental aberration
and has not been seen or beard of since.
A suitable reward is also offered to any
person finding Mrs. Cody's body or fur
nishing any information leading to its re
covery. '': • > '
Mr. tody is a member of the law firm of
Hiram fl. Cody & Sons, and for finan
cial responsibility gives as reference the
Merchants' Loan and Trust Company's
Bank of this cityv-'-'».-_ : .;
Loss of the Ship Epworth.
NASSAU, New Providence, Feb. 26.—
The British ship Epworth, which sailed
from New Orleans February 11 for Ip
swich with a cargo of corn, went ashore
near Great Harbor, Abaco, on February
20. The vessel is a total loss. Captain
Gautier and his crew reached Nassau in
eafety.
STRUCK BY THE CARS.
liOaiß Schorger, a Boy, Probably Fatally
Injured at Sixteenth and Harrison
Streets.
Louis Schorser, a boy seven years of
age, living with his parents at 2133 Harri
son street, met with an accident yesterday
afternoon that will in all probability prove
fatal.
He was playing with some other boys
around the cars on the Southern Pacific
tracks at Sixteenth and Harrison streets
when he was struck by the outgoing pas
senger train that left Third and Town send
streets at 5 o'clock. The cowcatcher of the
engine threw him off tbe track, otherwise
he would have been mangled by the
wheels.
He was carried in an unconscious con
dition to his father's house and Dr. Hilton
was summoned. He found the little fel
low was suffering from concussion of the
brain and be had also received internal in
juries. He held out email hopes of his
recovery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
AN OLD MINER'S
SAD SUICIDE
! How He Lost a Claim
Worth a Million
Dollars.
A TREACHEROUS FRIEND
Betrayed by a Man Whom He
Had Camped With and
Fed for Years.
INFAMY PROPERLY PUNISHED.
The First Tragedy Reported Since
the Opening of the Colville
Reservation.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 26.— Word has
been received from Northport that O. C.
Cox, the old prospector who tried to com
mit suicide yesterday, is dead, and thereby
hangs a tale.
Five years ago Cox, with Dan Crown,
was on the reservation opposite to the
town of Northport. While climbing to
the top of a hill to locate themselves— for
the whole country was unsettled at that
time — they found a very rich ledge,
samples of which assayed between $400
and $500 and which in character is ident
ical to the famous Silver King, near Nel
son, B. C. There was little prospects of
the reservation being opened for years,
but they covered the exposed part of the
ledge and it is now fully covered over by
grass and dirt.
Shortly after this Cox met Ed Cowan,
one of the best newspaper men in the
State, and to him he told of the find, and
together the three were to wait patiently
until the hour arrived and then locate the
mine that was to make them both rich
and happy.
Cox, during all these years, prospected
around in this State and British Columbia,
but only to live, for he was waiting for the
great-to-be mine. At last the hour came,
and to Crown was left the work of doing
the skirmishing to get there first, for he
was strong and healthy, while Cox was
getting old and weak.
Cowan for the past, several months has
been at Rossland, and there made known
his knowledge of the ledge.
Several men got around him and in
duced him to leave Cox and Crown and
locate them, and this he finally agreed to
do. Then it was suggested thak if the loca
tion notice showed his name his former
partners might suspect him, and so when
be made the rush and located bis own
name was left out.
The men whose names were attached,
however, stopped him, and giving him
the laugh refused to deed him any interest
in the mine, and when Cox went to get
| his interest from Cowan he learned not
j only that he had lost the mine he had
! waited years to get, but that the man he
; had treated as a friend and brother, the
! man he had camped with and fed for
: years, bad deliberately sold out this
j friendship for a mess of pottage and had
i not received the pottage.
Cox was getting old and the thought of
I all this was too much for him, and walk
ing down to the Columbia River, near
i Northport, he jumped in, but fortunately
several men suspected his intent and fol
lowed him. Tbey pulled him out and
persuaded him to come back uptown.
When they got uptown he started off
ahead of his guardians and they followed
a short distance behind. Presently he
pulled a hunting knife from his pocket
and placed the point of it against his
breast under his vest and immediately
over the heart.
Holding the knife in his left hand, with
his right fist he struck the end of the
handle several times to dri^e the blade in.
It penetrated deeply, grazing the heart
and inflicting a ghastly wound, and he
fell to the ground. He was picked up and
carried into a saloon near by and a physi
cian was called.
The mine is said to be a very valuable
one. Marcus Daly has already offered to
bond it for $1,000,000. This is the first
tragedj r on the opening of the new
reservation.
COXSUL, AT CAPE TOiry.
Salary of the Office Increased by Olney'*
. -.. Request. ■ .
WASHINGTON, D., C. Feb. 26.-In
making the selection of a Consul at Cape
Town, South Africa, which fell upon
James H. Mulligan of Kentucky, whose
name was sent to ' the Senate to-day, the
President ; and Secretary , Olney exercised
the greatest care in view of the important
position which the Consul will occupy with
reference vto r the Transvaal disturbances
and the arrest of John Hays Hammond
and other American citizens.
In order, however, to secure for the
position a standing that would make it
acceptable to a man of prominence, Mr.
Olney requested the Senate Committee on
Appropriations to insert in the diplomatic
and consular appropriation bill, which had
been passed by the House, a paragraph
increasing the salary of the Cape Town
oihee from $2000 to 's3ooo a year. This
provision was adopted, and Mr. Mulligan's
nomination followed.
<-.*/• Mulligan is bornt on the rolls of the
Mate Department as Consul-General at
Apia, Samoa, but he tendered his resig
nation of that oihee, having recently re
turned to the United States for that
purpose.
AIDING HOME PRODUCTS
The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association Address the
Supervisors.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation has addressed a communication to
the Board of Supervisors on the subject of
using home products in the various insti
tutions under its control. Attention was
called to the fact that in the Almshouse
and City Receiving Hospital pharma
ceutical preparations imported from the
East are used, while the same materials
are manufactured in California of equal if
not better quality. In conclusion tne as
sociation said :
We hardly think it necessary to call your at
tention to the good thai c&n be done to the in
dustries of the rotate ci California if all the citi
eens and institutions, both public aud private
would adhere strictly to the line of "patroniziujt
home Industrie?, price and quality equal."
loucan readiiysee that it would result in re
taining within ihe State and causing to be cir
culated at home a large amount of money
which would otherwise help to enrich some
other community.
HER HUSBAND IS MISSING
Strange Disappearance of Robert
Buchanan, a Railroad
Engineer.
He Came to This City From Sausalito
Two Weeks Ago and Has Not
Returned Home.
The police have been for several days
vainly trying to elucidate the mystery of
the disappearance of Robert Buchanan,
engineer-on the North Pacific Coast Rail
road.
Buchanan lived with his wife and two
little girls in San Rafael. He left his home
as usual on the morning of Wednesday,
February 12. His wife expected him to
return in the evening to dinner, after put
ting his engine up in the yards at Sausa
lito, but she was disappointed.
She made inquiry next day and learned
ROBERT BUCHANAN.
that after putting his engine up he drew
hia wages — $95 — and paid a bill of $15. He
came to this City on the last boat that
night and next day she got a note from
him that he would be home on Saturday
night. He did not keep his promise and
on Monday she got a dispatch from him
that he would be home on Tuesday morn
ing. She waited for two or three days in
tha expectation that he would return home
and then she came here and notified the
police.
Everything has been done sinc9 then by
the police to get a trace of him, but with
out success, and yesterday Mrs. Buchanan,
accompanied by her mother, called again
at police headquarters and asked the help
of the press to hud her missing husband.
Both ladies were deeply affected.
"I cannot understand my husband's ab
sence," said Mrs. Buchanan, "and I am
afraid he has met with foul play. He was
never away from home before, and he was
so considerate that if his train was an
hour or so late he would >vire me to keep
dinner waiting for him. He was not a
drinking man, but when he met some
friends occasionally he was always jolly
and free with his money."
Buchanan is 2f» years of age, 5 feet 6%
inches tall, of light complexion, heavy
light-colored mustache, ana was dressed in
a dark blue sacK coat and vest and light
colored blue trousers.
MILLIONAIRES LAZARD.
The Money Princes of Paris, London
and New York Here for
Pleasure.
Andre Lazard and Max Lazard, the mil
lionaire bankers of Paris, London and
New York, arrived here yesterday and
are at the Palace.
They are the sons of M. Lazard of
Lazard, Freres & Co., the early bankers of
San Francisco, for it was in this City that
the elder Lazard laid the foundation for
the enormous fortune which has resulted
from his investments and those of his sons.
The two young men here are of the farm
of Lazard Bros. <fc Co., Paris. In London
and New York the firm retains its old
name, that of Lazard, Freres & Co.
Their old house of Lazard, Freres &
Co. here has been succeeded in name by
the London, Paris and American Bank
but the Lazards are largely interested iii
it. Itjis recognized as their bank.
The house of Lazard, Freres & Co. ex
ports much more gold than any other firm
in New York. It does an enormous ex
change business.
Raphael Weil will entertain the notable
visitors considerably during their stay.
They are here for pleasure, solely, so it is
stated. It is expected they will remain
two or three weeks at least.
The average production of wine in
France for the last ten years has been in
round figures, 686,296,000 gallons, and the
figures as to last year's yield in France
ana other countries indicate that France
is again the largest producer.
JOAQUIN MILLER
AT PALO ALTO
The Poet of the Sierras
Lectures on "Hints
From Nature."
AMERICAN DISCONTENT.
•
Hard Raps at Wealthy Citizens
Who Spend Their Money
Abroad.
NATURE NEGLECTED FOR ART.
Witty Illustrations and Quaint Stories
That Delight a Large
Assemblage.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
26. — One of the largest audiences that ever
assembled to hear a lecture here congre
gated last evening to hear Joaquin Miller,
the "Poet of the Sierras." His witty illus
trations and quaint stories were heartily
applauded. The subject of his lecture was
"Hints From Nature."
In substance he said: A good many
years ago, nearly a dozen, I came home
after some years in other lands and went
up into the mountains to meditate on and
digest what I had seen and studied abroad.
It struck me that the Americans are more
unhappy than Europeans. In their money
getting greedy Americans — that 13, the
masses— are not content. The reason is
that the American is not at peace with
himself; he is not near himself.
The trouble is that he fails to feel and
fails to strive to understand nature. This
is not so in England. The English gentle
man goes abroad and makes money, but
spends it at home on his country estate;
the American makes it at home and
spends it not on naturo, but on art abroad.
We Americans are not humorous; we
are a grimly sad people. Let us have
light, and let that light come from nature.
Consider the very first words in the one
great book of all poetry if you want that
light. If you care for color you have it all
about you.
And the perfume. What do we know of
this? The perfume of the great robust
jocund mountain, when the whole world
hangs heavy with sweet odors; and the
snow — "Hast thou seen the treasures or
the snow?" sang Job, so far back that we
knoT not the date. There ha 3 never been
anything of man's handiwork that matches
the single flake of snow.
Have you seen the highborn rain that
falls on all alike? I love the rain, and
the little door of my hut on the moun
tain side is always open, rain or shine.
And the wind that walks arm in arm with
the rain, and the thunder and lightning
flashes.
You cannot lie to nature as you can to
mortal man. When you have learned all
that books can teach remember you have
but begun.
It takes time to understand and appre
ciate nature. You must understand her
alphabet if you would understand her
moods and temperament. Learn to see
the poppy on the bird's breast and to hear
its song, whose music Patti may never
equal.
One thing that robs nature of her rights
is superfluity of words; yet Burns wrote in
less than 4000, and the Bible such poetry
as has not been since written in 7000.
Closing, the poet said: "The man who
can despise luxury and toil with his hands
is an exceedingly rich man. Remember
that we begin the next life precisely where
we leave off this. Be not blinded to this
beautiful world, but live and love it. Be
gin to-day. There are millions of to-mor
rows; there is only one to-day.
"Come, listen, O love, to the voice of the dove,
And hearken, I hear him say.
There are many to-morrows, my love, my love;
There is only one to-day."
THE FIGHT WITH RAINEY.
George Maxwell "Roasts" Gavin
McNab and Others in a
Tale of Woe.
A New Election Is Ordered in the
Forty-Fourth and More Trouble
Brews.
Amid the strong possibility that Sam
Rainey, working with Ed Lanigan and tne
i Daggett forces, has assumed control of the
Junta's organization, there is an immense
amount of bustling in the line of district
politics.
In the Junta organization there are sore
spots in many districts since the primary
Monday night, and there is much activity
among district bosslets. The Buckleyites
are taking a keen interest in Junta politics,
and they have several men in the new
general committee elected Monday nhht.
The Buckleyites watched the Junta
primary the other evening like hawks. In
every district a selected committee of four
or five Buckley men watched the election
in every district with as much keenness as
tnough they were election officers. There
was a meeting at the Occidental Club
night before last at which verbal reports
of the doings in every district were made.
Written reports signed by the special com
mittees were ordered sent in and a num
ber were turned in last night.
The number of ballots actually cast is
stated in many cases at about fifty, and
far less than the number reported cast
Ihe reports from some of the districts tell
of a good many individuals who are al
leged to have voted several times, and
some of the reports include names of dele
gates to the new general committee who
are said to be Republicans, non-residents
of the districts and so on. It is the inten
tion to prepare a lot of affidavits in ac
cordance with these reports for possible
use in making war on the Junta in the
future.
But the Buckleyiteß are not worrying
anybody now. The fight with Sam Rainey
m the organization gives interest enough
Bobs McNab, Chairman Sullivan and
bamuel Brauudart scout the idea of
Rainey having secured the works Max
Popper and others hardly believe he has
and are waiting until the new committee
meets to see. A great many active men
ni the Junta organization believe and say
that Rainey will be found in control.
The test will come when the new com
mittee meets for organization— probably
next week. That meeting promises to be
a warm ana tumultuous one. The main.
fight will occur at the outset, over the
seating of the twenty-live delegates from
the Forty-fourth, nominated by George
Maxwell, secretary of the Fire Commission,
in defiance of Chairman Sullivan, and
unanimously elected. The primary com
mittee strongly supports Chairman Sulli
van and Gavin McNab in their refusal to
give the Rainey element in that district
more than eleven of the twenty-five dele
gates, irrespective of the results of a
primary election. It has ordered a new
election in that district and left its time
and management to Chairman Sullivan.
It will likely be held this week, and an
other ticket will be sent from headquar
ters, with a committee of election officers.
"Whether Maxwell and his people will
have anytning to do with the new election
is doubtful. Maxwell says that he will not.
The feeling is very bitter with the
Rainey people over the Forty-fourth Dis
trict affair. Maxwell yesterday cleared
his decks and went for Chairman Sulli
van, Gavin McNab, Max Popper and
Samuel Braunhart in this fashion:
The members of the party apparently have
no rights that these people are bound to re
spect. Colonel Sullivan assured me that every
body would get fairly treated and 011 that
assumption I went into the movement against
Buckley in the Interest of the Fire Department
and did all I could to get people into the
organization. I had the assurances of Suili
van, McXftb ana others that every man nomi
nated by the club whose dollar was paid would
go on the ticket. Our club nominated a ticket
of twenty-five in regular way and complied
with every rule. Then they said we couldn't
nominate but eleven, and fourteen would be
arbitrarily selected at headquarters for the
ticket.
We didn't care how many nominations we
made, but we were entitled to nominations at
least, and let the election settie who should
represent the district. This was all done to
discipline me because I was a friend of Rainey.
Sullivan at first said that I would not only
have eleven solid, but the best oi the fourteen.
I refused anything on that basis.
Now ?ee whai Sullivan could do. Two nights
later he said to my brother, "What's the mat
ter with George?' and proposed that he would
name fourteen of my friend's, but that I ? Mould
get out and kick and pretend to be dissatisfied
beouuse I didn't have a majority. He said
something of that sort was necessary to make
it appear 10 the public that Rainey was not in
control. I laughed at the proposition and
didn't go to see Sullivan about it.
Then ex-Supervisor John Foley of the Forty
fifth, who is out for Senator, came to me and
wanted to tie me up in his Senatorial fight. I
retused and a week later he came and urged
me to settle the thing. He told me ttiat
Samuel Braunhart had been to William j
Raubinger in that district and asked for the j
names of some good Democrats in that district ]
to be appointed on the ticket. Raubinger goes |
to Foley and Foley comes to me. 1 would not .
name any men to be put in at headquarters
and told Foley that I was fighting for a prin
ciple and our rights.
Che joker in all this was that if they could
have worked such a scheme with me they
could go to kickers in other districts and say":
'•See here. Maxwell has been called down and
he's had to quit, and now you've got to." Now
they can have a new election. I won't go near
it. Our twenty-five are entitled to seats if
anybody ever was.
The result of all this will "be that the Junta
will go to pieces. There is dissatisfaction with
these dictators everywhere. I tried to get a
constitution and by-laws adopted and told
Sullivan and McXab'that it was nothing but a
disorganized political mob, but they wanted
to be the law, as they are.
McNab is one of the most unreliable and de
ceitful men I ever met. I said to a friend of
his some time ago, "What sort of a fellow is
this McNab that you've got me tied up with' 7 "
He laughed and said, "well, he's like that dog
in Ireland that would go part of the road with
everybody." Popper ia unreliable, Sullivan |
has lied to me and Kraunhart is a political im
beciie, and so excusable for anything he may
do. They are the most unsatisfactory men to |
do politics with I ever saw, and I'm sorry I
ever had anything to do witn them. There
isn't one of them who could go up against a
fair primary and carry his own district.
MERCANTILE LIBRARY.
The New Board of Trustees Xot to
Move the Institution This Year.
A special meeting of the new board of
JOY'S INDORSED
Mr. Theodore Stacke Declares Joy's Did Him
a World of Good.
■ - . _ — • ■
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla Will Cleanse the Blood
Without Bringing Out Boils, Pimples
and Blood Blotches.
TOY'S IS BEST.
Over 1000 People Have Voluntarily Sent in Testimonials for Joy's
. . Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
if*" -"^ — i H j iii, '._ ■■. . — ~ ..■_.. ;» -i ..■• ■". y»
~ MR. T. STACKE.
; Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is daily winning favor on the entire Pacific Coast, and
the reason is quite clear. Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla does the work expected and
.with no bad effects. When you take a Sarsaparilla and experience immediate relief
without showing blood blotches and pimples on your face you know and your doctor
will tell you that such a sarsaparilla must be made up of vegetable herbs and contains
no mineral drugs, ,no iodide of potassium. The experience of Mr. Theodore Stacke is
the experience of all who have used Joys Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
i Mr. T. Stacke lives at the Santa Rosa Hotel, cor. Fourth and San Pedro streets, Los
Angeles, Gal. He has used several bottles of the native Saraaparilla, and is now convinced
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is best, "for," said he, "when I began using, the Sarsa-
parilla I had a desire to rest all the time. My blood was disordered, ray tongue coated.
At times, just for a moment my head swam; I was not the least bit dizzy. I Knew ray
needs and determined to use a bottle of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I easily pro-
cured the first bottle, and after using for six days felt better in every way. When I
bought the second bottle I had a little trouble in getting it. The drug clerk tried to
talk me into using something else. I knew what I wanted and insisted on getting
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. lam heartily glad I bought the remedy and will gladly
recommend it to any one. Joy's is certainly fine."
Many persons write complaining that they ask their druggist for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla and something else was offered. Be sure you get Joy's Vegetable Sars«-
parilla and nothing else. ; 'rM; •'
trustees of the Mercantile Library was held
last evening. Thirteen of the fourteen
trustees attended. Thomas Magee pre
sided at the sfusion.
Affairs of the ;ibrary were fully dis
cussed, and opportunity was afforded for
every one of the trustees present to express
ari opinion. The proposition to move the
library downtown was considered in all its
bearing, and at the close of thp, discussion
it was decided by a unanimous vote not to
change the location of tae library this
yrar.
The exchange of views and the examina
tion of the affairs of the institution in
duced the trustees to predict a year of
prosperity.
Much interest is manifested in the mock
triaJ to take place to-morrow evening.
Many of t.ie brightest talkers of the town
will participate in the proceedings.
ARREST OF DOLE.
Captain Lees Receive* an Order to Ap
prehend a Man Charged With
Forgery.
Captain Lees received a dispatch on
Tuesday from Chief of Police Glass of Los
Angeles to arrest E. J. Dole, an attorney
of that city, who was wanted there for
foreery.
Yesterday the Captain received another
dispatch that Dole had writtm to a friend
from the Occidental Hotel on Monday.
Detectives Whitaker and Seymour and
Policeman Hall were detailed on the case
and arrested Dole in the Occidental last
evening and locked him up In the City
Prison. The Captain immediately wired
Chief Glass of the arrest and to send a man
on to take Dole back. The Captain thought
the case an important one from the
urgency of the dispatches.
Dole said he was at a loss to know for
what he was arrested. He had gone to Los
Angeles in 1886 for his health, and took up
ranching for a year or two. Then he
commenced to practice law.
ACTIVE BEPUBLICANS.
I Meeting of the' Thirty-Fourth Assem
bly District Club.
Republicans of the Thirty-fourth Assem
bly District held a meeting last night at
| Native Sons' Hall, on Seventeenth street.
! The hall was densely packed with voters
i and enthusiasm was developed to the
highest degree. Spirited speeches were
made by M. Cooney, W. W. Atherton, J.
A. Becsie and George W. Elder. More
than fifty new members of the club were
enrolled, making the total enrollment 550.
The •Thirty-fourth is one of the largest
districts in the City and when the full vote
i is called out the number oi ballots cast is
4500. In the Republican ranks of the dis
trict there are no factions and trie present
signs indicate a continuance of harmony.
The officers of the club are : F. J. Hurst,
president; E. W. Eustice, secretary; ex
ecutive committee — Charles Ma3'er, G. W.
Ekier, S. M. Williams, S. L. Lent, 0. E.
Fairfield, J. E. Elkington, H. G. Kr.iskey,
C. HiJderbrand, J. A. Becbie, William
Cushman, C. Wetjen, W. W. Whan, James
Smiley.
The followine gentlemen were added to
I the executive committee last evening: E.
B. Smith, John H. Harney, George Die
terle, C. C. Butt.
The secretary read a letter from C. F.
Curry, County Clerk, expressing regret
that he could not attend the meeting last
evening.
« — «. — ,
The Medical Society of Berne, Switzer
land, advises the passing of a law prohibit
ing the publication of accounts of suicides,
on the ground that the reading of such
| accounts suggests suicide to certain
j people.STORMY SESSION
OF THE COUNCIL
Dr. Brown Says the Moder
ator Has at Times Been
Unfair.
DR. M'LE AN'S FIRM STAND
The Excited Pastor Makes a
Very Humble Apology and
so Restores Peace.
NEW EVIDENCE IS INTRODUCED
Mrs. Thurston Tells Her Story— Archie
McMillan Makes a Plea to Be
Heard.
•
There was a stormy scene at last night's
session of the ecclesiastical council which
for a time threatened total disruption of
that body, as well as a small-sized fistic
carnival between the adherents of Dr.
Brown and those opposed to him.
It all came about in the cross-examina
tion of Mrs. Thurston. That lady had
made very damaging statements relative
to the alleged relations existing between
the pastor and Miss Overman, during the
recital of which Dr. Brown, his wife and
- Miss Overman appeared to be very much
amused.
Dr. Brown asked Mrs. Thurston if it
were not true that she had a great deal of
trouble with her husband — in fact, if she
were not extremely jealous of the atten
tions which he is alleged to have showered
on his lady acquaintances. The judge-advo
cate objected to this sort of cross-examina
tion, but said that if the council desired to
hear it he would not oppose.
■'- Dr. Brown, his face white and livid with
rage, apparently, leaped to his feet and
said:
"It is strange that objections continually
come to the questions asked by tne de
fense, but no limit is put upon the prose
cution. I wish to go on record here now
as saying that the moderator and one or
two members of the council have at times
been unfair toward me."
Mr. McLean, smarting under the insinu
ation, rose to his feet, and making a step
forward, asked if Dr. Brown meant to im
ply any wrongdoing to him.
The pastor said that he had nothing to
take back, but to the contrary would in
sist that the moderator had been unfair.
Then followed a wordy war, in which
every member of the council participated.
The venerable moderator insisted that
Dr. Brown answer his question and then
called upon the council to institute an im
mediate investigation as to the truth or
falsity of the insinuation. Resolutions
and counter resolutions were offered, some
sustaining Dr. McLean and others assum
ing a more conciliatory tone. In the general
hubbub some one suggested that it would
be rather a queer proceeding for an investi
gating council to investigate itself.
Mr. Dodge thought that a mere expres
sion of confidence in the moderator from
the council was sufficient proof that Dr.
Brown's insinuations of unfairness were
groundless. Any action, therefore, in the
way of an investigation, might cause some
people to think that Dr. Brown was at
least partly right.
l3r. Brown attempted to make another
speech when the Rev. Dr. Mooar of Oak
land interrupted him saying, "This man
has taken up too much time of the council
already. I move that we proceed with the
investigation."
The excited pastor said he was not sure
that he wanted the council to go on, but
a few moments later somebody threw oil
on the troubled waters and peace reigned
again.
. Dr. Brown hoped that the council would
recollect the fact that he had been under
a terrible strain for the past sixty days
and was not altogether responsible for his
words. He regretted very much the un
pleasantness that had occurred and asked
that all be forgotten and forgiven. He as
cured the moderator that he had the high
est possible regard for him as a man who
wanted to see only justice done and hoped
that he would not treasure up the angry
words which had escaped him.
Dr. McLean, evidently much relieved at
the turn affair 3 had taken, said that
he too regretted the unusual scene, and
begged to assure the pastor of his personal
regard and also his desire to act in all
matters coming before the council justly
and fairly.
During the discussion the friends and
enemies cheered and hissed according to
their several moods. In the midst of the
exciting interchange of words Archie Mc-
Millan, whose name has been unpleasantly
associated with that of Mrs. Stockton,
sprang to the platform and in tones which
could have been heard a block away de
clared that he Lad something to say about
Dr. Brown's peculiar actions. The mod
erator, however, persuaded him to leave
the room, assuring him that at the proper
: time he would be heard.
And so ended the most dramatic inci
dent of the entire deliberation, not except
ing Mrs. Blanchard's hysterical display
last. week.
By far the largest crowd of any gathered
to hear the deliberations of the ecclesiasti
cal council assembled in the lecture-room of
the First Congregational Church yesterday,
attracted probably by the announcement
that Mrs. Mary A. Davidson, the pastor's
chief accuser, and incidentally his alleged
blackmailer, was to testify.
But the morbidly curious who had hoped
to hear a racy exposition of an incident
capable of the broadest criticism, if true,
were doomed to disappointment.
Mrs. Davidson did not appear before the
council, and what is more disappointing
to some, probably never will. Walter Gal
lagher is no longer the legal adviser of the
accused woman and this refusal to repeat
in church what had been sworn to in open
court is credited to George Knight, who
has undertaken to handle her cause before
the Superior Court- There was a quiet
rumor floating around" the church to the
effect that the pastor's friends had brought
about this condition of things, but this is
bitterly resented by them.
Judge Advocate Woodhams said that in
view of Mrs. Davidson's non- appearance
he was forced to do the next best thing,
and that was to read the testimony given
in Judge Campbell's court. Dr. Brown
.wished to know in the event Mrs. David
son changed her mind concerning her ap
pearance before the council if she would be
allowed to do so. "Woodhanis said yes, but
ARCHIE McMILLAN WISHES TO BE HEARD BY THE COUNCIL.
she would be questioned only on matters ]
not named in the statement.-
Here followed a long and tiresome read- [
ing of the testimony given by Mrs. David
son in the Police Court, after which Dr.
Brown was permitted to offer in rebuttal
the cross-examination taken at the same
time.
Mrs. Thurston was 'the most interesting
witness examined during the day. She |
told of humorous conversations with Miss I
Overman, in which the latter had practi- j
cally admitted an undying affection for
the pastor. Miss Overman told her that I
the doctor had squeezed her hand, and !
was at all times loving and kind in his
demonstrations toward her.
"I told her to be careful," said Mrs.
Thurston, whereupon she replied: "How
smart of you to guess my secret
Then Mrs. Thurston recited in a purely !
matter of fact though effective way of nu
merous confidential talus with Mr?. Tun- I
nell coneernine Mattie Overman and Dr. ;
Brown. She told of the Tacoma trip, in ;
which the much-wanted Mr?. Tunnell ad- :
; mitted .that Dr. Brown was footing the i
i bills, not only of.herself, but ol Miss Over
| man.
One of the strongest statements that
i have yet been made against tiie pastor is j
that of Mrs. Eaton of Oakland. She de- j
clares that on the Monday following the \
I arrest of Mrs. Davidson, Mrs. Tunnell
came to her house at 1 o'clock in the
morning very much bewildered and ap
; patently laboring under intense excite- I
ment. She said that she was going away,
j when I asked her why.
"Dr. Brown and Mattie Overman told ;
; me," she said, "if I couldn't stand up for !
! them to get out."
Dr. Brown has affidavits from all the I
lodging-house keepers on Sixth, Bryant j
j and Howard streets to the effect that he
was never there. This will be offered in ,
! rebuttal of Mrs. Davidson's statement
i alleging that he and Miss Overman were
I constant visitors to one of these places.
It is said that an attempt will be marie j
j to show that Mrs. Mary Davis is not a I
| responsible person. Mrs. Coooer is said to ;
have proof of this in her possession; but j
j declines at this time to give any intima
tion as to its character.
The council will resume its deliberations ',
at 2 o'clock to-day.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
Mrs. Davidson's Testimony In the
Police Court Re- Read Be
fore the Council.
Sensations were looked for in vain at
yesterday afternoon's session of the coun
cil. At 2 o'clock the reverend body tiled
into the lecture-room. Tne Rev. Dr. Sink
led in prayer, after which the proceedings
opened with a statement by the judee ad
vocate to the effect that Mrs. Davidson
would not testify, having been advised not
to do so by her attorneys. This being the
case, he suggested that her testimony
given in the .Police Court be read instead.
"I am much in favor of this suggestion,"
interposed Dr. Brown, "but at the same
time 1 trust that in case Mrs. Davidson's
presence is required she may be called to
testify in person."
"I am unable to speak positively as to
that matter," responded Mr. Woodhams;
"though my personal opinion is that Mrs.
Uavidson's* lawyers will not permit her to
come to the council. However, she might
I be called if it were thought necessary.' 1
"The chair would rule to that effect if
need were.' 1 remartced Dr. McLean.
Dr. Brown did not seem very well satis
lied with this information, but made no
reply. The judge advocate then com
menced reading the voluminous testimony
of Dr. Brown's aeed nemesis. Most of
tnose present, including all but four niem
Rev. Dr. Brown Reads the Stenographic Report of the Cross- Examination of
.Mrs. Davidson.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
bers of the council, had read the testimon- •!
as published in the newspapers, and a low j •
hum of conversation served as an accom- .
panimerit to Mr. Woouhams' clear, well- j j
modulated tones. When be had finished ! ,
a recess was ordered. . The tired judge ad- i
vocate refreshed his hard-worKed vocal i
chords by taking copious draughts of the '
brand ofale affected by our iirst father in '
paradise, while Dr. Williams fell to writ
ing in a notebook at a great rate, using -as
a knee-desk the Bible upon which the wit- :
nesses are sworn. '
Dr. Brown, as soon as the council recon
vened,, commenced the reading of Mrs. ;
Davidson's cross-examination in the Police !
Court that is, he thought he did, and the j
audience, to its great wonderment, listened ■
for about fifteen minutes to a weird, wild j '.
tale of villainy, looking to Sacramento for j
its local coloring. People were beginning to !
I think Mrs. Davidson even worse than she !
i has been painted when it transpired that, j '
> through an inadvertence of the stenog- j
rapher's clerk, the records of another case i
had been sent along with Mrs. Davidson's j
! testimony. Not wishing it to appear on j
S record that the [ancient corset-dealer had j
; conspired with a criminal in an under- !
: ground ginmill in the capital to steal a ]
i matter of $80u0. the council very consider- j
ately ordered the testimony thus read by !
mistake to be expunged from the minutes. j
The pastor then found the right place
, and resumed his reading. Mr. Woodhams
! reads well, but his work was gone through
| with in a rapid, perfunctory manner,
\ which showed that he was merely dis
charging a rather tiresome official duty.
! The audience, in fact, resigned itself to
boredom during this stage of the proceed- '■
ings, while even some members of the
i council actually yawned through sheer !
■ dullness.
But with Dr. Brown the reading was
i another affair. . It was a veritable treat to '■
I listen to the rise and fall of his sympa
] thetic voice. By turns it was sravly sar- '.
; castic, majestically grave and indignantly •■
cutting. He made no comment, nor.did |
he need to make any, for his voice was j
enough. Silence reigned as he read, and j
it was nearly dinner-time before proceed
ings were "suspended until the second
session.
Mrs. Thurston was the first witness
i called at the evening session. Under di
| rect examination she made the following
j statement:
I know Dr. Brown and also Miss Overman.
, I tirst met her in the fall, I think it was of j
' i8!)4, in the Grant-avenue mission. She was
introduced to me by Mrs. Tunnell.
Our acquaintance continued until Miss Over
man departed for Tacoma, either in the fall of j
1894 or 1805. Prior to her leaving for the
! north I met Miss Overman frequently. She
came to my house, and I met her at the meet- j
I ings of Rev. '. H. Allen on Mission street. Dur- I
! ing this time she was residing with Mrs. Tun
nell, but later moved to Dr. Brown's house.
Mattie told me that the pastor had offered her
a good home, a privilege she had never enjoyed
in all lier life.
On many occasions Miss Overman told me :
, how nice and clever Dr. Brown was and how i
much she admired him. In a casual way, and i
; without actually meaning anything, 1 re
; marked :
"Be careful, Mattie. that there is nothing
I more than friendship there."
She reDlied, "Oh, Mrs. Thurston, how very i
clever you are to guess my secret."
On another occasion of a brief trip to the
I Cliff House with Dr. Brown and his wife she
said that some people did not know enough to
stay at home, she had reference to . Mrs.
Brown.
At another time Miss Overman said that one
i evening going home from church Dr. Brown
I reached back and squeezed he» hand. • "This
is so, Dr. Brown," Mrs. Thurston added, turn
ing to the pastor.
The reverend gentleman with a smile re
; plied "1 don't believe it."
Mattie showed me a gold watch, which she
| said had been given her by her sister. Later I
! found out that it came from Dr. Brown. Dur
i ing all these talks with Mattic Mrs. Tunnell
] was never present. She seemed to avoid dis
i cussing him in her presence.
Now, as concerns her trip to Tacoraa. She
told me that she was going as his niece. 1
j argued with her not to do this because it would
I certainly excite comment. Finally she prom
j ised not to do so and we knelt down and we
both prayed long and fervently over the mat-
I ter.
Two days later she told me that circum
stances had caused her to change her deter*
mination not to go to Tacoma with Dr. Brown.
Feeling that I had done all I could in the
•matter I said to her: "You thank God for It, j
Mnt tie. 1 '
Mrs. Tnnncll on the evening before leaving j
for Tacoma told me that Dr. Browu was paying ,
her expenses and also Had given her $10 for j
spending money. On Mrs. Tunnell's return \
from Tacoina Mrs. Tunnell came to me and j
spoke of Mattie Overman. She said thß latter
could not be comforted — she had plenty of i
clothes and all the money she wanted as she
was getting !p35 a month from some source. I
Hut still with all this she was very unhappy, j
Dr. Brown hart ruined her life and she was
miserable orer his possible acceptance of a
church in the East.
I first met Dr. Brown at the home of Mrs,
Ashby, ou Marki-t street. I called there early
rae morning anil found him there. 1 was in
troduced to Dr. Brown, but have never seen j
him until the clay 1 met him in the courtroom. '
There can be no "doubt about it— Dr. Brown is
the man. I was surprised to see him there j
because it was so early. Mrs. Ashby had the :
appearance of baying just arisen. Miss Over- |
man looked as it' she had just come from a j
walk. I may say right here, that after Mrs. j
Tunnell left "for Tacuina 1 saw in one of the |
morning papers that she hud gone to South i
America. I thought this very strange, but
Mrs. Ashby told me that Dr. Brown had the
notice put in.
During the cross-examination by Dr.
Brown one of the most exciting events of
the entire trial occurred. The pastor
asked Mrs. Thurston if it were not true j
that she had had trouble with her bus- |
band — in fact, if she was not very jealous ;
of him :
Judge Advocate— lt seems to me that these :
questions are entirely irrelevant, yet I do not ■
wish to appear as being opposed to them if the j
council think they. should De admitted.
Dr. Brown, laboring under intense ex
citement, rose and said:
It feems to me that every time an objection
Is made it is to some question asked by myself
to the witnesses. The prosecution is allowed j
all the latitude it wishes, yet I am restricted
to the questions which 1 am permitted to ask. \
1 warn to say right here that I think the
moderator has been extremely unfair to me, I
not only as regards this particular case, but in j
others.
Moderator — Does Dr. Drown mean to iDsinu
ate that this council, or the moderator, is in
any way biased or prejudiced against him?
Dr. Brown — I insinuate nothing, except that
the moderator has been unfair. I could protest
and did juotest against. tn« meeting of the
council prior to the date in the letters-missive.
A secret meeting was held, of which I had no
knowledge, except through a Call reporter.
Just what occurred there 1 do not know, except
what was told me at the opening session of the
council. I objected then and object now to
their fixing the line of procedure.
Moderator — Dr. Brown has made serious
charges against this councillund I demand that
! we go into executive session to determine what
foundation there is in them
A long discussion followed, participated
| in by the members of the council. The
moderator was sustained in the position he
had assumed in calling for an investiga-
I tion, but the full text and final result of
this interesting episode is told in the
stenographic reports, as follows:
Moderator— l wish, in addition to the notice
I have given of the motion, to say that I hope
I there will be a thorough investigation of the re
; marks of Dr. Brown. I suppose I have the
i same right to speak, after asking the assistant
j moderator to take the chair, that any other
person has. I also said that, in my opinion, a
very small part of the significance of the in
: vesogation was in what was said by Mrs.
J Stockton, and that the critical part was yet to
come. I knew that the evidence given by her I
was of very little Importance, and contend j
that I have the right to speak as I did i
as a member of this council. Notwilh- I
standing that we had adopted a rule, wen
have the right to change the rule, and no one
knows that better than Dr. Brown— that Con
gregationalism is flexible. He ought to know
tha f . we do not adoiit rules in order to be hin
dered. He knows also that he hus asked us to
suspend judgment and that the investigation
should be made. lie wanted the matter inves
tigated thoroughly and so that it might not be
misunderstood I deem it most important thr.t
the most searching examination shall be given
the remaining part of the investigation. I
think that will not be rude and insulting. We
are here to know the truth.
Dr. Williams— l move that this matter of
difference of opinion between the moderator
ami Dr. Brown shall be committed to a com
mittee oi three, all of whom shall be members
of this council, and that the committee at the
close of this session convene in the library, if
that motion prevails I shall then be prepared
to make a motion that we proceed with the ex
amination of tnis wines*.
Tenney— l should like to ask how that com
mittee is to be appointed. I would suggest
that one member be appointed by the mod
erator, one by Dr. Brown and one by the coun
cil itself.
Dr. Williams— l am satisfied.
The Moderator— l would ask the assistant
moderator to take the chair for a few mo
ments. (The assistant moderator takes the
chair.) l wish to move .an amendment or that
some one would. It is not a difference of
opinion between Dr. Brown and myself. It is
explicit charges brought by Dr. Brown that he
has not been fairly treated by the moderator
mid the council. Dr. Brown declares that in
his judgment he hns not received .'air treat
ment. I think thnt your motion ought to call
for an investigation of these charges.
Dodge— l mink that we JtUt decided this
question. We can't vote over again on it —
whether we sustain the moderator or not.
E. C. Williams— This council was called to
convene and investigate Dr. Brown. We are
not here to investigate charges made by Dr.
Brown against this council. [Murmurs of ap
proval.]
Rader— Dr. Brown is not on trial. He is sim
ply a witness. It seems to me, with all defer
ence to our moderator, tnat more significance
is attached to this matter than there ought to
be. I don't mean for one moment to reflect
upon Dr. McLean's contention.
McLean— l think that the integrity of the
investigating body is impugned and that it
should be removed. If it is dealing unfairly
with Dr. Brown that should be discovered. We
cannot afford to go on with tn investigation so
important as this, which all the Congrega
tional churches, all the churches of the United
States are watchiiiß with deep and painful In
terest, with such an imputation renting on the
council. The council ought to be like the repu
tation of the maiden, above suspicion, and
every shadow of unfairness ought to be re
pri'liated.
Freeman— We are thecourt of last resort and
should take no notice of this matter, i don't
see how we can make the investigation the
doctor asks for. I think we should stand upon
our right and let the imputations be whatever
they may be.
Pond— l think our brother from Sacramento
has suggested the solution of this question.
By a unanimous vote we have upheld ou_
moderator. I move that this council sees n
occasion for any impugnment to be made.
CScudder— l hope this motion will not carry.
We are here in the interest of conciliation as
much as anything else. If after this investiga
tion of. Dr. Brown it is shown that in that re
mark to this council he has been mistaken,
and I think that it can be shown, everything
will be harmonious. I think that the simplest
thing to do is to meet this charge in a concilia
tory spirit.
Tenney— l shall support the motion in refer
ence to a committee. Ido not thin* that we
must stop for a moment here and think of the
tremendous strain Dr. Brown is under; we
must remember the seriousness of these
charges that have been made, and we must —
irv in some way or other to get at the facts
that come up as to Dr. Brown that will show f
us the position we are in. We shall lose
nothing by this attempt to make peace. Let f
us do it in the interest of the brother, in
the interest of the church and in the in- /
terest of everybody.
Freeman— l do not see any way in which the (
committee of three can throw any light on the
matter. Let us retire and see if we cannot {
come to some determination.
Parkinson— Dr. Brown has not charged this /
council, but only the moderator. We have
voted to sustain the moderator and we have (
nothing to investigate. While it may have
been in bad tnste for Dr. Brown to have made /
this charge I don't think that we have any
thing to investigate. . (
Tenney— Let us remember that our modera
tor has asked for this. (
McLean— f don't ask for it on my account.
The integrity of the council has been called (
into question. If it is only that my own atti
tude has been impugned I don't wish it. It (
seems to me that the integrity of this council
as an investigating body has been injured. It (
seems to me that it might be well for this
council to take a session with Dr. Brown, and (
let him show us where we are wrong.
Tcuney— lstiil plead that we do not act here (
I on this matter. >Vc ought to talK this matter
| over with Dr. Brown, and look it over in all its (
aspects. If we can slrow that he is in error, I
am sure he will take it back. (
On a vote being taken on a motion to c
table the whole matter it was carried, c
and the announcement of the moderator, c
who at this point resumed the chair, «
that the council would go on with the '
trial was received by the crowded audience £
with murmurs of relief and approval. c
Owing to the time lost in this debate the c
session was extended till 10 p. m., half an c
hour beyond the time fixed. ;
While the motion on the extension was *
pending Dr. Brown took the floor and {
spoke as follows: "If I were allowed the c
opportunity to state in a few words <
wherein 1 think that private meeting did <
me injustice — " •
He was interrupted by Dr. Mooar, who *
said: "This is out of order. Dr. Brown t
occupies too much time in debating ques- ! ,
tions. We want to give him all the op- j t
portunity possible in the examination of
this witness, but we do not want to have
aur time taken up by long debates."
Brown attempted to go on, but was
forced to take his seat by the failure of the
moderator to recognize him. After re
maining quiet for a moment only, how
ever, he arose again and said: ■
"Mr. Moderator, I am not sure that I want to
£0 on with this council after the manifestation
af its spirit here to-night, and particularly the
manifestation of your spirit."
The moderator— lt is for Dr. Brown to decide.
Dodge — Go on.
Teuney— May I put in -another plea?
The moderator — If the doctor wishes—
Kader— l move that we adjourn.
Dr. Williams— l rise to a question o* privi
lege. I have been called away to Calaveras
County to attend a funeral and must leave to
morrow. I shall probably not get back before
Saturday. I make this explanation that the
council and others may know why I am ab
sent.
Mrs. Thurston being asked if she pre
ferred to go on then or appear again, she
stated emphatically that she wanted to
finish her testimony then as she had al
ready appeared six or seven times before
the council in the expectation of being
called. The motion to adjourn was with
drawn ana Dr. Brown continued bis cross
exumination of the witness, showing that
she hud no personal knowledge of what
she testified to. He also tried to show
that her answers on direct examination
were in a measure biased by her dislike of
regular ministers of the gospel, and
showed some slight discrepancies in ber
direct statements.
Mrs. Stockton was called for cross
examination, but she was not present.
Mrs. George Barton was then called, but
she, too, was absent. The committee ap
pointed to secure a statement from Mrs.
Eaton, to whose house Mrs. Tunnell is said
to have gone the night she left Dr. Brown's
house, then made the report, stating that
Mrs. Eaton, her niece and her mother
were found to be intelligent and frank
witnesses. Their testimony was then read
by the secretary of the committee as fol
lows:
Testimony of Mrs. Elizabeth Jane Eaton be
fore special committee appointed by council.
Mrs. Eaton, being duly Bworn, testified as fol
lows:
I have known Mrs. Tunnell about thirty
years. She has visited here frequently. Her
last visit was on the early morning of Decem
ber 30, 1895. Previous to this she had been
over to my brother-in-law's funeral, December
12, and remained about a week. She left on
Thursday. Before she went to Tacoma she
called durinsr the month of March. I have not
talked with Mrs. Tunnell about Dr. Brown's
relations with Miss Overman except what ap
peared in the papers. Mrs. Tunnell made no
confident of me. She did not tell me where
she was going when she went away. She left
here some time in March with the intention of
going to Tacoma on the next steamer. 6he
said the object of her visit was the spiritual
good of the Overman family. I don't know
how soon she left for Tacoma after leaving my
house, but think that it wag on the next steam
er, ."he told me she had an income from her
brother-in-law up to July, 1894, after which he
didn't send her any. The reason she came to
my house was due to her financial need. She
made her home with us here. Mrs. Ashby, her
sister, paid her wav to Tacoma. She received
a message from Dr. Brown before leaving. Dr.
Brown came here and I admitted him to the
house, and he Inquired for Mrs. Tunnell.
Mrs. Tunnell came out, and said Dr. Brown
asked her if I was Mrs. Eaton. Before Mrs.
Tunnell left for Tacoma he paid her a second
visit (Mr. Brown's first visit was in the early
part of February, the second visit in March)
and the reason given was, to see why she, Mrs.
Tunnell, did not go over to see him. I did not
sec Dr. Brown at that time. The night before
she left a messenger boy came to the house
with an envelope that bore Dr. Brown's ad
dress. It was a special-delivery letter. That
was the night betore she left for Tacoma. I
think she left for Tacoma on Friday. She did
not state the contents of the message. I have
no idea whatever of its contents. She left the
house the next day and told me she was going
to Tacoma. Sirs. Ashby came here and took
dinner before she left. Won't say how long be
fore the departure of Mrs. Tunnell for Ta
coma. Mrs. Tunnell came the day before
Christmas to make her home with us. On her
return from Tacoma she visited me and stayed
a month or six weeks, probably the last of May
of 1895. I am not sure, but think she was
absent thres months. I don't know how
soon after her return she visited me. She re
ported that all the Overman family were sick
with the grip in Tacoma, and said that she
herself had had the grip. She said they (re
ferring to the Overman family) reminded ncr
ot a hospital. She did not make a confident
of me. She had nothing to say about the news
paper reports. She told me, however, that she
thought Dr. Brown was an innocent man and
said she was going away to get rid of testifying.
After her return from Tacoma she stayed about
six weeks with me and left for the City
about July 22. I distinctly remember
that she was here on the Fourth of July.
She remained with me about six weeks on her
return. After returning to the City she came
over occasionally to see me.' The last time she
came on Monday morning early, and she said
she came from Dr. Brown's house. We were
very much surprised to see her at that time of
night, and I said, "Where have you been?"
and she said, "I have just come over from the
City. Haven't you seen the newspapers—
haven't you seen the blackmailing scheme
with Mrs. Davidson? I just missed the 11
o'clock boat. " She seemed to be bewildered
and didn't know what boat she did take. Mr.
Eaton let her in. She knocked on the window
in order to get us up. Bhe gave as ncr reason
for this midnight journey the fact that she
wished to escape being called upon as a wit
ness in the Davidson-Brown affair, which bad
been published in the San Francisco newspa
pers. She did not say where she was going. I
said, "Why are you going away?" She said,
"Dr. Brown and Mattie Overman told me if I
couldn't stand right up for them to get out."
I said, "You are his best witness." I can prove
the remark that Mrs. Tunnell made about Dr.
Brown end Miss Overman advising Mrs. Tun
' nell to leave by my niece, who is now in the
house. She did not tell the manner of her de
parture from San Francisco that night. She
didn't say she couldn't itand up for Dr. Brown.
She did not tell me that Dr. Brown knew she
was coming here. She remained from 20 min
utes after 1 o'clock until 9 o'clock Wednesday
morning. when. she said she was
going to the Sixteenth-street station.
I saw no money about her except
four bits. Before she left she talked about the
newspaper reports and denied some things
Mrs. Davidson had said'among; others Mrs.
Davidson's account of Miss Overman's sick
ness. She again said she thought Dr. Brown
was innocent. She is a very timid woman, a
fanatic on religion and always has been pecu
liar, and nas been in the habit of making jour
neys where her friends could not find her. She
knew there was a great strain ahead of her and
wished to escape the notoriety it would briug.
I know Miss Overman. She was here one night,
but not a word was said concerning these rela
tions with Dr. Brown. Never heard anything
from her upon the subject. She called here
twice during the summer of ,1804. Came first
with Mrs. Tunnell. She called in Jnlv <>f IH'.U
before. Bhe went to Dr. Brown's house. She
was then stopping with Mrs. Tunnell at the
Webb House.
Concerning Misa Overman Mrs. Eaton further
Continued on Tenth I'age.
. NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. .
* APFHFRF t
g Yesterday's express brought us, without eg
35 doubt, the grandest collection of New Spring 3£
JOE Silks ever seen for the prices in San Francisco. $
The colorings, styles, patterns and combina- <
3£ tions are rich and exclusive. No need of pay- ofe
3g ing fancy prices downtown. We have marked !
ego them at such figures you would not believe it 3£
a£ possible to sell them that way and keep the Sfe
So doors open. ©S
S PA^TPinAIIR^ iVn'PMPIRV^ in the "chest and most gorgeous 3£
I POMPADOURS AND EMPIRES colorings, from $1 a yard up. So
1 DRESDEN EFFECTS j? o rdu d P a . zzlin ' array of delicate tint . S| from ?
BE Pl?RSlll\^ \\h JIRSRr^AIII?^ in true Oriental patterns and com- 3£
32 lfoaMill.ll3 SkMf AaADllO^lllO binations of colorings, from n5O up. SK
°V° ILLllMll! A IED rLOaAL tLUSILK^. colorings. novelty in street °0°
o6° lliLljllJ.il M* rLvllflL LHJolrj Ho. colorings. The patterns are
°j° as rich as the richest brocatels. $1 50 a yard. | °j°
V Vl\i? HiVn TRI?^f < li'!VT Designs, -all new shades, in mag- 0
A 01/aULL, llilEi Aill/ laLiMjEiill nificent art patterns, from 90c up. A
A SITPTPI?^ in narrow and broad, single and clusters, in new colorings for JL
O 10 1 1111 Ciis evening and street wear, from 75c up. O
/S PRIVTrn f'IIIY l tllL't in evening colors, with satin stripes and X
V I aiil I TiV l/lllilil UlLlVu pretty floral designs, in such tints as cream, V
A pink, light blue, nile and canary. These silks are 24 inches wide and Q
V value at $1 25 a yard. Will be opened at 75c. jT
6 miUii'TVA^ TirAITIPn^- daintiest little floral patterns for 0
V 1/HilillLLLUil JAt'^lliiailll waists, ail the new pretty evening and I
V street shades. Special at 50c. , V
O TAMr TA tne grand array of some of these silks in our front A
V tvJIL IV >3LL window. It is a treat. V
& * Props* $ $hi Hojxc^^
RAILROAD _*?^T??*
BIG REDUCTION If RATES BY RAIL
..TO
3E*OJFLT2LMA.T<rTD m OR.
FRIDAY : :.... FEBRUARY 28,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market s:.. at 8:00 P. sc.
Am f\— Including .Berth in Pullman Tourist
W •U U Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, Including berth in Q>~\ A. OO
s Pullman Standard .Sleeper, ♦iP-'-" .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
' This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»
senders at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets bs
sold or baggage checked to such points.
Through Tickets for Tuget Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
BICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
, Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
SAHFRASCISCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
. Xlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. '
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O. 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. St. Thursdays— Extra tri&
at ll!30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips st 1:50
• and 11:30 p. if.
BDKDAYB-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.: 1:80, 3:301
6:00, 8:20 p. v.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6-.25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. it;
■ 18:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between Sap Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
Leave T -»._,. Arrive
San Francisco. Oct 28 San Francl «°*
Wkek I ■ Sun- i.,i?*?;, on Snx- I Wm'
Days. I days, """nation. BAYg^ | Days>
7:40 am 8.00 am Novato, > 10:40 am 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 1 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 8:15 pm
' ■ Fulton,
7:40 ah Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsbum,
'"•:•■ Geyserville,
8:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta, . ~
' ' Hopland &
7:40 AM 8:00 am Uklah. 7:30 pm; 6:15 pm
7:40 am j 10:30 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
8:30 pm I 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 rit 5:00 pm and 0:05 pm 6:16
I Glen Ellen.
7:40 am 18:00 am , ba tODO i 10:40 am[lo:3o am
8:30 PM 1 6 :00 pm | 041310 01 - [ 6:05 pm! 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect st Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyrllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at T'klah for Victiy Springs, Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendoctno City, Fort Bragg, sal, Westport,
Canto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively 1 Gravelly Valley. Harris, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points be-
yond San Kafael at half rates. •
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. O. WHITING, R. X. KY AN,
< , Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent. _
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
• ' (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27. 1895.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9:15, 11:00
a.m.: 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6:30 p.m.
San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:16 a. m. : 1:46, 5:15 P. M.
Extra trips for San Kat:ti>l on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Qnentin—
8:00,10:00,11:30 a.m.; 1:30, 3:00, *6:15
1". M. *JL)oes not run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Reyes ana way stations
£ fi PATENTSI 3
X^>^22o MARKET Sj!s!^SS^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
YIHABLESH. 1 PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 688 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell at. Tele-
phone ft7o. Sesidsßoo toltpaoatt Tine 2601."
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■ovnmiH pacific costTAxrY.
, (PACIFIC hVsl !M 1 Q
Trnlit Imip .-mil nro duo to arrive as
HAS t"K.\.N« IS« o
HAVE' — Fhom November 20, IS?S. — arrivi
0:3Oa Hajnrard3, Niles and Way Stations.. 10:1 Sa
7:00 a Atltntic Kxpre.«s, Ogiltn and Kast.. 8:45p
7<ooa lienida. Vacaville, Rurr.scy. Sacra-
mento, and Hndding via Davis.... ?:13p
7:30 a Martinez, Ban Ramon, Kapa, Calis-
and Santa Coca 6:13p
StSOA Niles, Ban .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento. Marystillo, Iteil liiiifT .
and Sundays exceptcd <Jio»illc... 4ji«p
•8:8Oa Peters aud Milton *7:lsii
O:OOa San Leandro, Hoyward3 & V.'ry St'ns 1 1:43 a
OsOOa Los Angeles Impress, Kaymond,
(for Vcscmlto), Santa ltaruara
and Los Aiikplcs 4z43r
0:00 a Martinez r.nd Stockton 1 n :•! ■! a
1 0:00 a San Lcaudro, Iliywirds and Kites . 1:43p
I2:OOu Saa Leandro. Haywards 4 Wcy St'cs 2:45*
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and LiTcrmore 8:43 a
•1:OOp Sacramento lliycr Stemnrre •« :OO
:3Op Port Coata and Way Stations.. t~:"*sp
. a:00r San Leandro, llaywards& Way Bt'ns 3:43p
4 :00r San Leandro, Uaywurdst Way Nt'ns G:43p
4:0 Or Martinez, Sau llanion. Yallejo.
Kapa. CalUtoga, 2-11 Vcrano and
Santa Kosa »il a a
*i—* Bealcia, Esparto. Woodland, • *•
» Knights Landing, Marysvllle,
OroTillo and Sacramento 1 8:4 3*
4tlop Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13p
B:Oep San Leandrc, Haywards & Way St'ns 8:43»
2:3(li> New Orlcane K»prer.s,Fregno.Bakerß-
iiclil, Santa liarbsra, I os Anguleg,
Doming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East .....;I«:4Sa
3i2op Santa Fo Houte, Atlantic Kxpresa
for Mojavo anil East 10:43 a
CiOOp European Mail, <>i;<Umi p.nd last.... !):45a
6:00p llaynardg, Kilts and San Jose 7:43 a
J7sO(»p Vallejo t~:18p
7:00 p Oregon Express, Sacramento, A7ar>s-
tille, ]lc<l<liiig, Portland, Pngct
Sound ami Kost 10:43 a
7:OOp San Leandro, Haywardst V.'s y St'ns 1 0:3 Op
9:OOp San Leandro, HaywardsA; Way St ng ftl)txt)#A
Vlo<*3p "Sunset Li ail ted," Fresno, Los
Angeles. El Paso, New Orle&os
and East §RR43»
ftlltlBr>Ban Leandro. Haywards k Way St'ns 7:13 a
KASTA f,IH;Z DIVISION (XarrotT Gnngo).
•iI»A Newark,Center»ille..San.l<.se. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations siS#n
• *2tlsp Newark, CenterTillc, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Crrck,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations : -11:20*
4:1.1 r Newark, 8»U Jose and Los Ca10g.... 9:39 a
t11:43p Hunters* Recursion. Kan Jose and
Way Stations ' 1,7:2>p
COAST DIVISION ( Iliinl X loniisfiiil Sts.)
6:43 a Ban Jone ami Way Stations (New
A'maden Wednesdays only), 1 :4 0 9
■il3a San .lo.io, Tres Ptuoa, Santa Cruz,
Pacific C!roTe, Paso Roblcr. Sau
1 Luis OMsm, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p
10:40 a San Jose and Wny Stations .... r>:«oj»
11:43 a Palo Alto and Wny Stations 3:aei
*a:3«p San Jose, Gilrny, l"res Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
(iroro *1O:4Oa
•3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations. !»:17a
: •4:30 - San Jose ami Way StatUns *H:O6<
5:20p San Jose and Way Stations....'..... *8:1S*
O:HOi- San Joso ami Way Stations U:R3.\
<11:43p San Jose nml Way StaMonn »7:43 v
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Pram SiS FRIKCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:li 9:00 ]l:00».M. J1:QO '2:30 13-OD
•1:00 t5:00 ♦6:00 p.m.
/Rom OlSlAlD— Foot ofßrotdwiT. — *fioo 8-CO
10:00 a.m. 1 12:00 *l:00 {2:08 *3:CO : 00
"3:COl p .M.
'. ~l A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays eicepted. t Saturdays onJf.
... , ~ ! Sundays only.
Monday, Thursday and Saturday nigfc.ti only.
WTnegdays and Saturday* *Bandays and TUiu*4sra
Atlantic
Paci^ c
RAILROAD V*v " -""' -^^T-r : I
Trains leave from and arrlva tlS&SFpJFfiSii&yj
st Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA PE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct ■Line
Leaves everyday at 3:30 P. v.. carry Pnllmin
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Sh>ca?o
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars 1c
Denver and St. Louis. , li]llTCr .
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally. with Dining-car^,
under Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting "cenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining
** I *' 1 lcket Ollloe-644 Market Street,
Ghrooiola 8tUlojB&L.
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. ■ ,
SUBSCRIPTION RATRS-Postajre Free: .
t>»l!v and Sunday C ah., oaf week. by carrier.. $0.15
Pally and Sunday Cam, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by malL. 3.00
Dally and Sunday c'ai.i.. tflree months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail.. .t55
' Sunday Cam,, one year, by mall 3.60
Wvikiv Cam,,, one year, by mail 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone - ...Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES : .
530 3U>ntj:omery street, corner Clay: open until
B:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
b\V, corner btxteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock. .
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE :
B©eH)s SI and 32. 34 Park Row, New Y«rk City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, .Special Agent. -
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 27. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
If the Dingley bill passes— by Mr.
Seal. ___^_—
Honest men do not need a primary elec
tion law to make honest primaries.
The resolutions censuring Bayard •were
a lone time coming, but they have lost no
strength in waiting.
The House tariff bill got into the emer
gency all risht, but it does not seem able
to emerge in any shape.
It is about time for banks to provide
themselves with bullet proof cashiers as
well as burglar proof safes.
The repeal of the Southern Pacific
charter in Kentucky would set the joy
bells pealiug in California.
"In the name of heaven let us do some
thing," said Sherman to the Senate, and
the country says, "Amen.".
About the only thing any two Demo
crats can agree upon is the urgent neces
sity of fighting one another.
If Ballington Booth expects to be J
obeyed as a commander he must set the j
example by obeying his own.
It would not be a bad thing for Ken
tucky to break the Senatorial deadlock by
electing Goebel to the Senate.
English law may make a criminal of j
Jameson, but the people nave made him
a hero and he won't suffer much.
The retirement of Boies leaves Democ
racy without a Presidential candidate of
any importance west of Wall street.
About the time an American correspond
ent in Cuba gets on the inside of the situa
tion he finds himself on the inside of a
jail. -? '. ~\*\~u
Only one Republican of Presidential size
has withdrawn from the race, whereas
Democracy has not one who has not with
drawn. ;, \
As Boies is out of office, out for silver
and out of the race for the Presidency, he
may as well be counted as a typical out
and-outer.
We have Paderewski and Marsick while
New York has Bernhardt, Duse and Guil
bert, but what has Paris got for a high
class show ?
• In attempting to read the advocates of
bimetallism out of the Republican party
Senator Morrill made the mistake of not
reading the party platform. :-•'."
People who wish seals for their museums
had better get them now, for in a short
time it will be impossible to find one in,
the ocean even with a cathode ray.
The silver Senators are wrong; in de
manding a free-coinage amendment to the
tariff bill, for when a thing is a necessity
it is folly to insist on having it silver
plated.
There is one thing on which we can all
congratulate Mr. Huntington. He lias
had a wedding in his family, and the
groom is an American and a Californian
at that.
Carlisle told the Manhattan Club. »«I am
glad to be surrounded by old-fashioned
Democrats," but what would a real old
fashioned Democrat think of the Manhat
tan Club?
Sherman was right in saying "the peo
ple will support any tax rather than see
the funded debt increased," and the Sen
ate should take notice of the fact and act'
accordingly.
The report that a large number of per
sons are suspected in Turkey of a plot to
kill the Sultan may be only an evidence
that the Sultan has a plot to kill a large
number of persons.
In calling Jerry Simpson "a barking
cur," Mrs. Lease shows that while her
mind may be running on theology her
tongue has a tendency to lapse into the
language of politics.
For the offense of manslaughter Miss
Flagler received three hours' imprison
ment, and it is probable if she had con
fined herself to assault and battery the
court wonld have given her a chromo.
As it appears the Spaniards do not send
out reports of battles in Cuba in which
they are defeated, the tally lists of victor
ies are useless, and history must find out
some way of going behind the returns.
"If you wish to bring the name of Eng
land into contempt that is the way to do
it," is what Justice Bridge told the people
who cheered Jameson when he came into
court, and the Justice told them the truth.
An issue of bonds to the amount of
$80,000,000 to provide for coast defenses
would be a popular loan in the true sense
of the term and in the present condition
of the treasury it would be worth while
trying. '
"You have lied on the question— if I
may speak metaphorically," is the way
Senator Allen put it in the Senate on
Tuesday, and while the phrase is not
original it certainly makes a very forcible
metaphor. . .
HfcgSßzn? ' v
The proposal to arrange the stars of the
National Sag in alternate rows of eight
and seven might have an artistic effect,
but it would be unpleasantly suegestive of
a certain eight to seven row of which this
country is not proud. : v'l3;r; j
THE TAKIFF DEBATE.
The vote on the emergency tariff bill in
the Senate on Tuesday, taken in connec
tion with the discussion which followed,
may be regarded as an assurance that the
measure is virtually dead. It would be a
mistake, however, to assume that we are
to have no tariff bill at all at this session.
On the contrary, it would seem from the
course of the debate that it is yet possible
for an agreement to be reached in favor of
a bill that would give more protection than
the one which has been rejucted.
It is well known that several of the West
ern Republican .senators objected to the
House bill because it afforded no protec
tion whatever to sugar or to wool. More
over, some of them did not believe that
the measure was seriously intended even
;by its supporters. Iv fact, Senator Teller
is reported as saying in the ronrse of the
debate: "There is a motion made by the
Senator from Montana to recommit this
bill for defects which everybody who has
read and examined it concedes. I charge
here, and shall undertake to make the
charge good, that this bill was never in
troduced here nor has it been supported
here with any reference to its becoming a
Jaw."
The statement of the Senator from Colo
rado was virtually conceded by Senator
Sherman, who said: "The other House
having sent us ever so faulty a bill, lot us
take it up, and if it is not risjht let us
make it right and send it back to the
House, and we will have a ready concur
rence." On this showing there seems no
reason why some agreement should not be
reached and a bill devised that would
yield an ample revenue for the Govern
ment and at the same time afford some
degree of protection to those industries
that now languish for the lack of it.
The probability of such a result is in
creased by the tenor of t lie discussion yes
terday. Sonat or Allen's strange offer of
six Populist votes for the tariff provided a
promise was given for a free-coinage bill
will, of course, amount to nothing. Sena
tor Carter's speech, however, in favor of
an amended tariff is decidedly encourag
ing and gives reason for believing that a
more thorougnly protective bill would find
stronger support than the House emer
gency bill.
The probabilitj* that Cleveland would
veto such a bill should not be allowed in
any way to interfere with its passage. In
answer to Peffer's statement, "The Presi
dent asserts we do not need any more
revenue," Sherman said: "I do not care
what the President says. Every man
within the sound of my voice knows that
we need more revenue." The spirit of
these words is that upon which all Repub
licans in the Senate should act. The otir
rent deliciency already exceeds $20,000,000,
and at the same ratio of increase the total
amount for the fiscal year will be fully
$30,000,000. This is the condition that con
fronts the country, and Congress owes it
to the people to provide a revenue suffi
cient for the needs of the Government,
leaving it to the Democratic President to
reject it if he dares.
EOAD LEGISLATION.
The most important matter to be con
sidered by the good-roads meeting soon to
be held in this City will be the bills pro
posed to the State Legislature by the
Bureau of Highways as the result of its
thorough study of roadmaking in general
ar»d the condition and needs of California
in particular. Until Commissioner Maude
made his addref s recently before the Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce we had
not observed that he had given any hint
of the legislation which the bureau may
propose. Now that he has done this it is
well that his ideas should be thoroughly
known and fully considered.
For general purposes he seems to favor
the Massachusetts plan. This makes
three classes — State highway?, connecting
principal cities; district roads and town
roads. He seems inclined, however, judg
ing from' further intimations which he
gave, to modify that plan to suit the con
ditions pecuyar to California. Thus he
would have a State highway starting at
Yreka and running through Redding,
Sacramento, the San Joaquin Valley,
Tejon Pass and Los Angelea to San Ber
nardino; another starting at San Fran
cisco and running through San Jose, the
Salinas Valley ami Santa Barbara to San
Diego, and eight east-and-we.«t roads
across the State on routes not mentioned.
He says thai feeders for all these should
be built by the counties. Of course this
work is not to be done all at once, but
something is to be accomplished each
year.
This is the general pian. If a better can
be devised it should be presented to the
approaching convention, at which dele
gates from all parts of the State and repre
sentatives of all interests directly con
cerned . with good roads will be present.
Of course the construction of State roads
by general taxation wiil require the cities
to bear the greater part of the expense, as
three-fourtha of the assessed valuation of
property lies within the cities. As the
cities are all in need of better streets and
are heavily taxed for the purpose this
proposition is a serious one. At the same
time it is true that the welfare of the cities
is dependent on the prosperity of the
country, and that the country is now
drained annually to the extent of $4,000,000
for road work.
At the 3ame time, by reason of the fact
that the roads are still bad and thoroughly
inadequate, the country could save 40 per
cent of the present cost of wagon-hauling
if good roads were made, and this means
to say that In addition to the $4,000,000 a
I year which the interior is expending on
roads it is submitting to a drain of $39,000,
--000 a year by reason of its bad roads.
Against the certainty of an increase of
municipal taxes for country road construc
tion is the assurance of an increased gen
eral prosperity as the result of that taxa
tion. The subject is too elaborate to be
discussed fully in a few words, and hence it
should be thoroughly studied before the
good-roads meeting is held.
THE SEAL FISHERIES.
By a unanimous vote tne House of Rep
resentatives has passed the Dingley bill
relatineto the fur seal industry, and it is
probable therefore that there will be suili
cient strength to t>ass it in the Senate.
The bill is a peculiar one, and deals with
the seal fisheries in a most radical way.
It directs the President to enter into ne
gotiations with the governments of Great
Britain. Russia and Japan for the purpose
of agreeing upon a plan of protecting the
fisheries in accordance with the findings of
the Paris tribunal, and provides that if
this agreement be not concluded in time
to govern the season of 1896 the Secretary
of the Treasury shall have every seal on
the Pribyloff Islands killed and sell the
skins for the benefit of the treasury.
The bill, it will be Been, calls for a thor
ough protection of the fisheries or a com
plete extermination of the seals. The
alternative seems like one of wanton de
struction, and yet is really a well-consid
ered act of legislation. The present ar
rangement for the protection of the seals
is a farce, and a very costly one at that.
It affords really no protection at all, for the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27. 1896.
killing of seals in the open sea includes so
many females that the young on the
islands die by the thousands of starvation,
and the fisheries in this way are in a pro
cess of slow and cruel extinction.
According to the reports of American
officials there were found on the islands
last season over 28,000 seal pups which
had died of starvation, their mothers hav
ing been killed at sea while in search of
food beyond the sixty-mile zone. This
means of course that the herd wili be
eventually exterminated if present condi
tions continue. The necessity of the al
ternative of the Dirmley bill is therefore
apparent. Either all the nations inter
ested in sealing and bordering on the
JSorth Pacific Ocean must unite to prevent
not only poaching on the Pribyloff Islands
but pelagic sealing as well, or else our
Government should exterminate the herd
at once, thus putting an end to the cruelty
of leaving the young to starve, and at the
same time saving the Government the ex
pense of a costly, troublesome and useless
patrol of Behring Sea.
AN INSTRUCTIVE PAKABLE.
The Los Angeles Investor, an exception
ally able paper, devoted to financial mat
ter*, publishes an ingenious statement of
the affairs ol a certain great corporation.
The concern, whose assets run to $48,000,
--000, called an election of a board of direc
tors in 18!)4, and as it did an enormous
business and employed a large number of
persons to manage its affairs there was a
strong inducement to secure its positions
of trust and profit. As there were many
thonsands of shareholders, each having a
private business of his own separate from
that of the corporation in which he was
interested, the most of these failed to give
proper attention to the election of a board
of directors. As a consequence a number
of unscrupulous manipulators formed an
organization to secure control of the direc
tory, and of the hundreds of the lucrative
positions which were under their control.
Their machinations, thanks to the lack
of organization among the decent and in
telligent shareholders, were successful;
the corrupt ring elected a majority of the
board. These men, it may well be taken
for granted, were utterly unlit for the great
trust which they had secured. Both in
character and ability they came from the
lower strata of humanity and would be as
ready to blunder through sheer stupidity
and incapacity as to plunder the assets of
the corporation and levy burdensome as
sessments on the shareholders. Our con
temporar\r then goes on to give figures
showing how the trust has been shame
fully mismanaged, and winds up by declar
ing that the corporation in question was
the city of Los^Vngeles.
That tfl a graphic way of stating a com
mon evil. It is just such occurrences as
these that make heedless citizens disgusted
with politics in municipal affairs; but it
will be evident to intelligent persons that
the fault lies not with politics itself, but
with the neglect of politics. Nothing
could be clearer, say, than the fact that if
the large majority of the Republican
party in favor of a clean, able government
for San Francisco would properly dis
charge their political duty there would
never be any scandalous organizations
known as "solid eights," no disgraceful
street work by incompetent or dishonest
street departments; in short, there would
be none of the evils which flow from
organizations effected by corrupt political
bosses and flourishing on the apathy of
the people.
All so-called "independent," "non
partisan" or "citizens" parties are clearly
just as much political organizations as
those of older parties, and are just as liable
to the manipulation of corrupt bosses as
any other. Sometimes they are the direct
creation of bosses for the purpose of de
feating a strong regular party that is de
termined to secure decent government.
It Is easier to rescue the machinery of a
party from corrupt management than to
found a separate organization.
PERSONAL.
Dr. F. D. Hull of Illinois is on a visit here.
B. W. Noyes of Everett, Wash., is in the
City.
Judge O. H. Hoge of Santa Rosa is at the
Russ.
J. R. Buxton. ol Centralia, Wa^h., is at the
Grand.
K. E. de Yoe, a business man of Modesto, is
in town.
United States Judge Hawley of Nevada is in
the City.
George r. Northey of Sulphur Creek Is at the
Occidental.
S. H. Babcock of Salt Lake was among yester
day's arrivals.
Dr. J. 11. Karsner of Oroville; was among yes
terday's arrivals.
Senator John H. Shine of Sonora is a guest at
the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. W. O. Anderson of Eureka, Humboldt
Bay, is at tbe Grand.
J. K. Gries, the pioneer of Ventura. County,
arrived here yesterday.
Gporge H. Bell, postmaster at Carson, Nev.,
arrived here yesterday.
George A. Smith, a well-to-do land-owner of
Portland, is at tbe Grand.
Thomas W. Wells, the well-known banker of
Sonora, is at the Cosmopolitan.
J. J. January, a general merchandise dealer
of Concord, is here on a business trip.
Alvin Robertson of Grafton, N. Dak., in in the
City, accompanied by «everal friends.
E. A. Clarke, one of Tuolumne County's most
successful mining men, is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
Captain George Hansen of Alaska, who is
down on a pleasure trip, is stopping at the
Cosmopolitan.
Dr. Conrad Weil* Police Surgeon, was noti
fied yesterday by the trustees of the Ban Fran
cisco Polycllnlß that he had been appointed
adjunct professor of surgery.
F. M. Shaw, passenger agent of the Union
Pacific, Denver and Gulf Railway, who has
been in San Francisco for some days, returned
to his*homc in Denver last evening.
Mayor Sutro left yesterday for a few days'
stay at his country residence, Arcadia, near
Calistoga. Several friends went with him.
The Mayor felt that he needed a little rest.
G. Wharton Jaiues of Pasadena, agent of the
Southern California Hotel Men's Association,
arrived here yesterday on business ineonnec'
tion with the meeting of the National Associa
tion here.
Ex-Recorder Alex Russell returned yesterday
from a business trip, which extended as far
East as Chicago. He is now manoger of a rub
ber company here, having beeu recently pro
moted from salesman.
Hon. Charles W. Friend pf Carson is in the
city. Professor Friend is the head weather
prophet of Nevada. He has complete tables of
meteorological observations covering a period
of more than twenty-five years, and his ser
vices to the public are so highly appreciated
that the Nevada Legislature passed a law
which makes him chief observer of the entire
Sierra Nevada region. He has an astronomical
observatory, which though small, is complete,
and is a credit to the State in which he lives.
CALIFORNIaNS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N.C. Fet>. 26.-J. S. Forrest is
at the New Amsterdam; G. Martin and wife,
Metropole; J. Thompson, Imperial; M. P.
Richards, Plaza; £. C. Hirst and wife, Park
avenue.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— Mrg. A. E.
Kent and Mrs. Mary Stevens of San Kafael are
at the Cocurane Hotel, H. W. Flicknlght and
wife of San Jose at the Shorenam, Samuel Fos
ter and wife of San Francisco at the Arlington.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Samuel Longabaugh, proprietor of a store at
Empire, Nev., and for thirty-four years a
resident of the Carson River Valley, is at the
Russ. He formerly brought large quantities
of wood down the river from Alpine County,
Cal., and marketed it at Carson, Virginia City,
Gold Hill and other places.
The Virginia and Truckee Railroad, how
ever, he says, discriminated against him and
he had to discontinue it. The road charged
him $3 25 a cord from Empire to Virginia
City, a distance of seventeen miles, and $3 35
from Carson to Virginia City. The road re
bated other shippers, however, and gave them
about $2 a cord the advantage. He hates rail
road monopolies and uses picturesque lan
guage in reference to them.
"I am pretty well known all over in Storey,
Ormsby, Douglas and Lyon counties," said he
Samuel Longabaugh, the Wood-Driver and Business Man of the Carson River.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
yesterday, "and I have a good deal of r.n ac
quaintance over other parts of the State.
"What Nevada ought to do is to send more
of her products to outside places. The reason
she doesn't is that the freight la too high.! We
ship nothing now but beef, butter and tv few
potatoes and apples. We have the best beef,
butter and apples in the world.
"There has been almost no snow in Nevada
this year, and cattle arc in fine condition. No
loss has occurred whatever. Wo never had
such a year. We have plenty of feed, aud have
a lot of hay left over that the stock couldn't
eat.
"It will be very dry next year, however,
both for cattle and for mills. If we haven't
got enow thirty or forty feet deep in the can
yons we think we haven't got any snow worth
talking about.
"When 1 used to run a wood-drive down ,
from Alpine County/as I did twenty years ago
and a long time afterward, I always wanted an
abundance of water. It is the same way now
with the cattle and mill owners, and in fact
with everybody, lor everything pretty much
depends on these industries." :.; .
Mr. Longabangh will be here several days.
He"is down on a goods-buying trip, and for a
change of scene.
Miss Rena Atkinson, the leading lady of the
Carleton Opera Company, now playing here, is
a Portland (Or.) girl, and Mr. Carleton takes
great pride in her and her attainments. •
At the recent reception at the Press Club, at
which Miss Atkinson, as well as Mr. Carleton,
appeared and sang, the latter stated that he
Miss Rena Atkinson, a Portland Girl
With a Career of Interest.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
had discovered her. The lady has had many
curious experiences. East as well as West, and
also in Europe, but naturally she is much at
tached to her old home in Oregon.-
Her mother was one of the brave little band
of New England women who made the long
trip from New York City around the Horn a
shun time after the close of the Civil War on
the Continental, o( which her brother, A. B.
Mercer, was the owner.
She settled in Portland and there married
John F. Atkinson, a printer by trade.
About 1872 Rena Atkinson, the young
woman who is now the prima donna of the
Carleton Opera Company, was born. As a
mere child she displayed natural musical
ability, and her parents did everything in their
power to encourage her. She had a very sweet
soprano voice, and used it well. It is not hard
to see how she became bound up in the never
failing love of music. Her surroundings were
musical, music pervaded the household and
every effort was subject to close and scholarly
criticism. Unfortunately her father met with
business reverses, and so the family moved to
Denver. In that city Rena attracted atten
tion in music, and through kindly influences
was given many advantages.
' It finally became evident that she would
probably make a mark in her chosen sphere;
so about four years ago her father moved to
New York City, where she was given every
possible advantage under the most skillful
vocal instructors. She has sung such roles in
grand opera as ''Marguerite," "Mignon," "La
Traviata," "Gioconda," and others all calling
for artistic treatment and special vocal ability,
and has achieved distinct success in each
opera, and received warm praise. Her voice is
sweet, mellow and pure. Miss Atkinson sings
with delightfnl ease. It is greatly in her favor
that at the outset she avoids artificial methods
ol expression. She vocalizes not only grace
fully, but naturally.
Her debut in the operatic profession was
brought about by W: T. Carleton, whose atten
tion was directed to her by John Maguire,
years ago manager of the old California Thea
ter and afterward the pioneer manager of
Montana, he having known the Atkinsons in
Portland. Mr. Maguire's death, It will be re
membered, recently occurred. Carleton at
once heard her sing and immediately engaged
her to sing in a series of operatic perform
ances, and gave her the advantage of his long
md varied experience in the best school* ol
the "bel canto," and al* closely watched her
histrionic development. This is Miss Atkin
son's third season with Mr. Carleton, and her
steady and continued success is a source of
great gratification to him.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Premier Badeni ot Austria is the son of a
cook, %vho was create! a Count by one of the
last kings of Poland.
A phrenologist recently examined George dv
Maurier's. head. He found a new bump thereon
that indicated a growing fondness for royal
ties.
With the violin Miss Currie Duke, a dark
eyed Kentucky girl, with all the reputed
beauty and grace of the blue-grass region, doeß
such work as few women are able to do. Her
tone is as accurate as that of an organ, her ex-
; ecution smooth and finished and remarkable
in its velocity. :' ■■/'•. -7-'i'
, Laureate Austin's poem on the death of
' Prince Henry of Battenberg has reached this
; country by mail. It was too heavy for the
! cable. -';.•'.•>■;
Queen Victoria is rarely photographed stand
! ing on account of her short height. When sit
ting .she gives the impression of a fairly tall
1 woman. .--, '-■' .;'»cV
Senator Davis of Minnesota is a great book
: worm. He and Senator Hoar have line times
discussing rare editions «nd forgotten literary
gems. . .~-Vi • •
Lord Dufferin, British Embassador to France,
j •will soon complete his seventieth year, and
I will be obliged to retire from the service in
i which he has done so much brilliant work.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Young' un— Didn't you think that the so
prano sang '"'lhe Mistakes of My Life Have
Been Many" with a good deal of feeling ?
Old'un— Thero is no* reason why the
shoL'.dn't; she's been married three times.—
Spare moments.
The man upon the bicycle,
The man upon his feet.
Collide, and quickly both of them
Lie down apou the s'.net.
The man upon bis feet has gone
I 11:0 a rest eternal;
The man who scorched is scorching yet
la the regions called Infernal.
— Spare Moments.
Skidmore— You can distinguish good money
from bad by its conversational qualities,
f-nnoper — What do you mean?
Skidmore— Genuine money talks, but coun
terfeit notes have to be uttered.— Detroit Free
Pr.'ss.
Mr. Figg— What did you learn at school
to-day ?
Tommy— Teacher told us how the cruel Em
peror Nero used to amuse himself when he was
a boy by Dulling the legs oil the flies.
Mr. Figg— Pulled their legs, did he? What
became of hii.-y Did he become a prompter ?—
Indianapolis Journal.
He was proposing to the Boston girl, and in
the fervor of his plea he leaned over her
anxiously.
'■Pardon me," she said, "are you not getting
a trifle too parsimonious ?"
"Parsimonious?" he gasped.
"Yes," she said ; as the vulgar would put
it, 'close.* "— Philadelphia Press.
A BELTED BASQUE.
The belted blouse or waist with a basque is
one of the latest developments of the season,
and is very stylish. It is made of various ma
terials, either tomateu the skirt or of contrast
ing goods. Separated waists of silk are very
styli:-ii. One of dull sage green with black-
satin lines had a collar of black-silk muslin
edged with a two-inch knife pleating of the
A waist of plain house serse was worn with
a skirt of cheviot, in which brown, blue and
white blended to make a medium-toned fabric
A gilt belt was worn with this and the collar
was made separate, to be worn when a little
more dressy effect was desired. It was of em
broidered batiste with a narrow edge of the
same put on with just enough iullness to make
it set well, not in ruffle effect
An exceedingly stylish waist designed to be
worn without a wrup was of russet suede
leather, with sleeves of black velvet. The
collar was not used in this instance.
.For washable fabrics this model is delightful
when the gowns are really designed with a
view to washing, for it launders well. A plain
Bkirtand such a waist of brown Hollands is a
boon to any woman, being stylish and reason
able and suitable to wear oh many occasions.
A gilt belt of an inch or an inch and a half
wide is the proper width. Narrow leather belts
look well with such a costume.
The heavy cotton and the thinner ones as
well develop nicely after this model.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Bennett of the London Musical Times is turn
ing his attention to ridiculing the prevailing
styles of musical criticism. The following is
what he calls "the indiscriminately eulo
gistic" : "The initial item— a whistling quartet
by the siffleurs Parisians— left nothing to be
desired on the score of purity of expression,
penetration of tone and unanimity of en
semble. After five recalls these talented
artists gratified the audience with another ex
quisite exhibition of their 6ibilatory powers,
the piece being an arrangement as a four-part
song of the familiar 'Aye Maria' of Bach-
Gounod. Mme. Claudia Popkins, who fol
lowed with Tarlc-y Biudells' pathetic ballad,
'Only an Oyster-catcher,' is a prime favorite
with the audience, and seldom, if ever, has
her luscious portamento been displayed to
greater advantage than in the realistic refrain
of this delicious ditty. Here again the demand
for an encore was imperative, and Mme. I'op
kins graciously responded with the 'Lonely
Limpet,' in which the sorrows of the isolated
crustacean are so tenderly depicted in the
lyric of Leonard Potere, and the melody of
Beppo Francatelli. The appearance of the
veteran tragedian, Mr. Storn-Barmer, who had
been especially engaged for this occasion to !
recite 'Three Blind Mice,' was the signal for j
a wild outburst of enthusiasm lasting for sev- !
eral minutes. The simple charm of this classic i
morceau was admirably brought out by Mr.
Storn-Barmer's refined enunciation, and as the .
audience, like the voracious Oliver, clamored
for more, the talented artist good-naturedly
gave, with wonderful eflect, the whole of the
first book of the 'Paradise Lost.' "
Bennett continues nis satire by Faying: "At
the close of this most impressive performance,
which only occupied tnree-qarters of an hour,
agreeable relief was afforded by the gratuitous
distribution of a choice assortment of superb
sandwiches, thoughtfully provided by the gen
erous impresario, after which the enormous
audience, like giants refreshed, turned their
attention to Master Philidor Chantileer's elec
trifying rendering of the new patriotic song,
•Who Dares to Twist the Lion's Tail?" Master
Chantileer, who wore the uniform. of a field
marshal and employed one of the new megalo
phonic vocal cord expanders recently invented
by Mr. Edison, excited the most unbridled
enthusiasm among his auditors, and after a
double encore sent the house into fresh
paroxysms of patriotic ecstacy by the clever
performance of a hornpipe, to the accompani
ment of the pipers of the mounted Marines.
Some graceful feats of coujuring by Professor
Trecardi, pianoforte solos by Maxim Krupp, a
short sermon by Dr. Barker (to which the ver
satile divine added a performance on the
flying trapeze by way of an encore), and some
sensational headers from the organ loft into a
tank on the edge of the platform by Miss
Godiva Plunger brought the programme to a
close at a few minutes past 12 o'clock."
This is an example of the Sartorial style of
musical criticism: "You will, I am sure, be \
dying to hear about the dresses worn at the
'Creation' — the oratorio, I mean — which was
given by the Sacred Philharmonic Society at
the Mendelssohn Hall last night. Alpetti's
dress was a perfect dream of delight. Just
fancy! The bodice of crushed cape gooseberry
satin, veiled in accordion-pleated chiffon— so
appropriate to a musician— of an Ksterhazy
browa tint; you know, of course, that dear old
Haydn was music-master or something or
other to one of the Esterhazys in the fifteenth
century— or was it the seventeenth? The skirt
was of very bright pink satin, with a hem of
silver and silver bands around the bodice, and
at the back of the waiEt two chou bows of
earthquake-blue satin gave the whole thing
ineffable chic. Miss Hilda Butson, the con
tralto, was gowned in electric-plum velvet,
with salmon-colored tabs across tne shoulder.
I was rather surprised to notice that Edward
Davis, the tenor, only wore two diamond studs
in his enameled shirt front; but I am told that
it renders the production of his high A's moro
easy. I had so much to do in memorizing the
dresses and nodding to my friends that I really
had no time to listen to the music, which was
of course played and sung to perfection.
"P- S.— On looking casually at my programme
I find there is no contralto in the 'Creation,'
so I must have seen Miss Buison somewhere
else."
Seidl and his orchestra have arranged to pay
San Francisco a visit next May and give a
series of concerts here. Their advent will be a
great musical event, eb it is years since San
Francisco has seen a conductor of Seidl's inter
national reputation. With the orchestra will
come Emile Sauret, who, although not new to
this country, is new to the younger generation
of concert-goers. His virtuosity has proved as
Emile Sauret, Who Will Play Here in May With the Seidl Orchestra.
[From an engraving.]
great an attraction In the East this winter as
it did on his three previous visits. He has
been playing principally at the Philharmonic
Orchestra concerts, and his performances have
exercised as emotional an influence as Anton
Seidl's conducting has done. Sauret, who
claims that his repertory consists of 438 com
positions, was brought to this country by the
manager who directed Ysaye's tour last season.
The jubilee performance of the Carr-Beel
Saturday performance will take place on Sat
urday next. A number of society ladies feel
that some appreciation is due to the artists for
all that they have accomplished in the cause
of music in this City. They state that the Carr-
Beel concerts Tiave fostered a taste for classical
chamber" music and have introduced to the
San Francisco public many new compositions
that otherwise would have been hitherto un
heard here. In token ot appreciation it is
proposed that the subscribers and other
patrons hold an Informal reception after the
concert, in the parlors of Golden Gate Hall, to
greet Mrs. Carr and her fellow-artists and ex
presa appreciation of the promotion of musical
interests in this community. The ladies who
have the reception in charge are Mrs. Charles
Webb Howard, Mrs, David Bixler and Mrs.
Oliver Perry Evans.
The Liszt Museum at Weimar has just re
ceived an interesting present from a member
of the great musician's family. It is the plas
ter cast of Liszt's right hand, made October
22, 1874, on the occasion of his sixty-third
anniversary. The modeling shows the extra
ordinary development of the artisl's hand,
j which far surpassed ordinary proportions.
This marvelous hand and the extraordinary
force of the muscles of the arm, accustomed to
pianoforte exercise from earliest infancy,
formed the foundation of Liszt's marvelous
{ playing from the mechanical point of view,
i though it Is true hie had to have musical
i genius to make use of the remarkable instru
ment with which nature had endowed him.
L'Eventail announces that the socialistic
section of the City Fathers of the town of Brus
j sels has placed a proposition before the Munic
ipal Council demanding that the oopera-hosea s e
of the Monnaie should throw open its gallery
gratis three time.; a month. They also demand
that the theater shall give two popular per-
I formances entirely gratis during the course of
| the season. This demand is not so extraor
! dinary as it would appear to American read-
I ers, as the Monnaie is subsidized by the state,
j and is consequently supported to a certain ex
tent by the taxpayers.
The Boers are beginning to stimulate their
patriotism by singing Airico-Dutch melodies.
Among the national hymns of the Orange re
public and the Transvaal are "Wijll Tafelber;*
Zal Staan" (As Long as Table Mountain Stand*),
and "Komt, Breeders, Komt" (Come, Brothers,
Come). What is curious about these hymns :s
that an English composer, Reginald Statham,
has not only written the music, but also t-e
words of these patriotic songs of. the Boers,
and M. Rcitz, president of the Orange republic,
translated them into Dutch.
The little castle of Fancy, near Bayreuth,
well known to the pilgrims of the Wagnerian
Mecca, has just been sold to a Saxon gentle
man, who intends, it is said, to allow visitors
to the Bayreuth Festspiele access to the park.
Richard Wagner inhabited this caatle during
the beginning of his sojourn at Bayreuth. and
he composed a portion of "The Dusk of the
Gods" there.
A new national Hungarian opera has just
been produced with little success at the Na
tional Opera-house of Buda-Pesth. The work,
which is called "Balassa Balint." was com
posed by Edward Farkas of Klausenburg,Tran
sylvania. His score in said to show that he is
little acquainted with the progress of modern,
orchestration.
It is Alexander Glazounoff, tho young com
poser who bids fair to become the future glory
of Russian musical art, who has been charged
by the Government to write the cantata which
will be performed at Moscow next May on the
occasion of the coronation of Czar Nicholas 11.
The new opera which Hamish MacCunn iias
undertaken to write in conjunction with tho ,
Marquis of Lome is named after the legendary j
Celtic hero Diarmld, and deals with the stir- '
riug- events leading up to the death of that per
sonage. It will be unusually spectacular.
Mme. Antoinette Sterling is said to nave told
an interviewer that her coming to America
was "a psychic necessity," and had to be
obeyed though "thousands of pounds in Eng
lish engagements were sacrificed."
THE COST OF THE CUBAN WAR.
Figures showing the cost to Spain of the
Cuban Insurrection are given by a London
newspaper, and they are certainly startling.
The Government borrowed $10,000,000 last
year from the Bank of Spain to be used in sup
pressing the revolt, and that sum was all ex
pended in three months. English capitalists
were next asked to extend their aid, but it is
not known what was the result of the applica
tion. A short time ago the Bank of Spain was
asked to make a second loan and another $10,
--000.000 was secured on Cuban bonds, but the
bank intimated that its accommodations would
go no further.
It is estimated that apart from the destruc
tion of property in Cuba the cost of the war to
Spain up to the close of 1895 was SjseO.OOO.OOO.
Now funds for local use are proposed to be
obtained by the Spanish Bank of Cuba issuing
currency to the extent of $24,000,000, and
tnat institution's deposits of coin are to be rt
enforced by demands upon Cuban capitalists
by ('amain-General Wevier. The financial
situation seems to be equally as desperate as
is the military situation.
NANSEN AND THE NORTH POLE.
According to our cable dispatches Russian
geographers and Arctic explorers agree that
the probabilities are greatly in favor of Dr.
Nansen having been successful in his quest if
the North Pole. The vice-president of the fet.
Petersburg Geographical Society, Senator
SemenorT, indorses the views expressed by
Baron Toll that the Norwegian explorer is now
at one or other of the New Siberian Islands,
where provision depots were established for
his use in case he returned by that route. The
Russian trader and mammoth ivory hunter
who first brought the Nansen rumors to the
Siberian coast is well known, and Senator ;
Semenof! holds the view that he has met a •
member of the Xansen party or the Norwegian I
explorer himself. . •
It is, of course, impossible to say whether,
Ivansen is returning in the Fram or by sled.
But the probabilities are that he is returning.
In contrast to the discussions of the Russian
geographers about Nansen, the adverse criti
cisms of our own Arctic heroes and authorities
have been, in wretched taste. They have de
nied everything from the start, refusing to dis
cuss even the possibility of Nansen's success.
This is, of course, an absurd course to take,
and certainly not creditable to the scientific
mind. Because they failed that is no reason
why Nansen should have done so.— New York
Herald. ■ -.• __ ■:'•■'
Townsexd'h famous Broken Candy, 10c Ib. •
• — ♦ — *
Ppfctal Information daily to manufactnrar*. ■
business houses and public men by the Prasi •
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ' ..
■ '■ — » » — • ;
Miss Alice Balfour. sister of the English
statesman, is about to publish a book nailed
"Twelve Hundred Miles in an Ox-Wagon."
Catarbh Is a constitutional disease. It requires a
constitutional remedy which will build up the sys
tem and make pure blood. Experience proves that
such a remedy is found In Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the celebrated
appetizer and invigorutor of the digestive organs
is now used all over the world. 
■■ ' * — ♦ » ' " , _'
"Brown's BkonchialTboches" are the sim
plest, quickest -and most effectual remedy for
i Bronchitis, Asthma and Throat Diseases.THIRSDAY FEBKL'ARY 27, 1896
(AMUSEMENTS. .
Baldwin- Theater.- "The Lion's Mouth."
California Theater— "The Bicycle Girl."
Colombia Theater— "The Old Limekiln."
X'oecsco's Ofera-llousk— " Pulse of New
> ork.' ■
Tjvoi.i Opera-Hocse— "Del Freiscbutz."
• Orpbeum— High-Class Vaudeville.
GHovFR'R  . ar.- -Lily of Killarney."
ArPiTORirM-Corner Eddy and Jooes streets-
sousa s Peerless Band, Friday evening, Feb. 28.
•Carmen S "° CGH Ihkatkb , Oakland)— Oper-
a" Carmen."
V,fJl r ? OT > thk CncTKs-Daily at Haigbt street,
ccc block east of rh* Park.
. lav District Track.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
t, F T^ on I!lIEIS " Co. — Thursday. March 6,
,"i s , tatP « at Salesroom, 513 California street,
nt 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mrs. Eliza O'Brien was arrested yesterday lor
cruelty to children.
,\- H in - e ' v he local 'cellist, will go North with
Jonn t.. Natsh's opera company.
Charles Fair returned home yesterday, alter
three months in Spain and Italy.
Krea Albrecht is ,on trial on a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses.
Andre and Max Lazard, sons of the great
I .ins banker, arrived here yesterday.
Prince L;iigi dined officers of the Colombo
and other friends at the Palace last night.
John N ash's suit against Mrs. Kreling of the
Tivolt was decided yesterday in Mrs. Krel
ing' favor.
The trial of the suit of Mrs. Virginia Mc
-Mullin for maintenance was before Judge Sea
well yesterday.
v Th ii & l lhern Pacific Company of Kentucky
has filed its annual report with the Railroad
Commissioners.
Marin County dairymen have filed com
p.a.nts with the Board of Health against Milk
inspector Dockerj-.
The big ship Shenandoah made the way from
fan Francisco to New York in the very fast
time of ninety-seven days.
Judge Slack rendered a decision on Tuesday
holding that Police Courts have no jurisdic
tion in criminal libel cases.
'George" C, Greyhurst, Rosebud, J O C,
George Miller and Red Pike won races at the
Bay District track yesterday.
A successful rehearsal of the mock trial for
the Mercantile Library was held yesterday
evening at Dr. Gibbons' residence.
The Merchants' Association takes issue with
John M. Reynolds regarding the inhibition of
the constitution with the proposed new char
ter.
Mrs. Marie Reu?ch is suing her stepfather
for possession of her husband's estate, which
she says the defendant obtained through
fraud.
J. H. Maloney was given judgment against
Marceau. the photographer, yesterday for
8225, claimed to have been paid by nim under
duress.
But few crab-fishers went out to the fishing
grounds yesterday, as they were afraid of
being arrested for not paying their State
licenses.
. . F. Hay ward's line of schooners are all being
titled with gasoline engines owing to a popu
lar demand from the residents of Bowens
Landing.
The Police Commissioners and Chief Crowley
assured the Grand Jury yesterday that all the
dens of shame on Morton street would be closed
■aud eot closed.
"Probably fair Thursday; fresh generally
northerly winds," was the prediction issued
by Forecast Official \V. H. Hammon regarding
to-day's weather.
Police Property Clerk Cullen handed over to
the City Treasurer yesterday the money and
property unclaimed by persons arrested for
the past six months.
Caroline Jondahl is suing Henry J. Seger for
$"5,000 for seduction. He promised to marry
her, she says, but he had in the meantime mar
ried Lila McMillan.
L. N. Griffith, who- has streetcar and other
concessions in Guatemala, has returned here.
He ssys Guatemala will soon have a railroad
from "ocean to ocean. ' ■
Nicholas Claussen, the baker who fatally
shot his wife at 12 Everett street on Tuesday
afternoon, was arraigned in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday.
Tne Police Commissioners met last night and
immediately adjourned out of respect to the
memory of Chief Crowley's son Samuel, who
died yesterday afternoon.
Randolph Riley, an inmate of the City
Prison, was taken to the Receiving Hospital
yesterday afternoon suffering from delirium
tremens and died last night.
In an interview yesterday Colonel Irish re
plies sharply to Governor Budd in regard to
the removal of Superintendent Sanders from
tne Home for the Adult Blind.
The steamer Eastern Oregon has been sold
for .*SOOO and will be ned into a four-masted
Fchooner. Her Twin engines will be used to
fit out two new steam schooners.
The tine White Star steamship Doric, for the
Occidental and Oriental service, arrived last
night, forty-one days direct from Liverpool. She
will take the place of the Oceanic.
The poolrooms are now being kept open till
shortly before the races begin at the track, but
the police made two arrests yesterday, as they
consider the ordinance is still being violated.
The will of Michael Skelly has been filed for
probate. He left his entire estate to his widow,
Margaret A. Skelly. The estate is of consider
able value, although the actual amount is not I
fitaied.
Colonel T. P. Robinson has entered into an
agreement with Mayor Sutro to take control of
the Cliff House attractions and make the ter
minus of the Sutro line popular by a series of
entertainments.
The residents of Bay View, South San Fran
cisco, have petitioned the Supervisors to con
demn four hog ranches in their midst. They
say the stench from the refuse makes their
homes unfit to live in.
The police have for two weeks been vainly
trying to find Robert Buchanan, an engineer
on the North Pacific Coast Railroad, who came
to this City from Sausalito on February 12 and
has not been .seen since.
' Joseph Shatgen, 7 a painter living at 130
Douglass street, was thrown from his wagon
at Grove and Octavia streets last night and
had his nose broken and his forehead cut. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital. ■
The Committee on Rules of tne Board of Ed
ucation reported to the board last evening that
there was nothing in the charges preferred by
Director Henderson against Principal Joseph
O'Connor\>f the Horace Mann School.
The Grangers' Bank directors expect to de
clare a second dividend of 25 to 30 per centum
on March 1. William Wittlana, the abscond
ii;e cashier, left a statement admitting his
guilt and giving details of his stealing.
Paul Buddy, a knife-grinder, was knocked
down by a wagon on New Montgomery street
yesterday and sustained a compound fracture
of the left leer, which may have to be ampu
tated. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital.
: The Southern Pacific Company determined
yesterday to reduce its passenger rates between
Portland, Or., and San Francisco to $5 second
class and 910 first class to-morrow. . This Is a
partial victory for the Oregon steamers which
arc fighting the railroad.
Haslett & Bailey, the warehousemen who
were attached on - Tuesday for unpaid rent
amounting to 910,545, yesterday settled their
indebtedness to W. H. Martin & Co. The
terras agreed upon were part cash and an ex
fnsion.of time on the remainder. ■
The Spring Volley Water Works informed the
'•rand Jury yesterday that the company on
and 'after July 1 next would undertake the
direct service of supplying water to ships.
This' will end the monopoly in the service long
controlled by Goodall, Perkins & Co.
A". i). Montague, now in New York, lihs writ
ten a letter to J. A. Filch u stating that the pro
moters of the Madison-square Garden "Cali
f-Tuia State Exposition" are using the name
os the ate Board of Trade improperly and
warning the general public against the scheme.
The Harbor Commissioners have decided to
set apart action 4 of the' seawall for a free
fruit market. It now remains for the.Mer
- chants' Association and the Horticultural Com
mission and fruit-growers to lake action, and
the free market will bean accomplished fact.
Toe bark-online Discovery, which left Port
Gamble for" San Francisco thirty-seven days
af?o, is supposed to have gone down with all
hands. Vessels that left days after her have
now been weeks in port. Captain Christian
sen's betrothed .still hopes on, however, and
refuses to return to her home in Tecoma. ■
League of tiie Croat Kally.
The parish rally of the league for St. Mary's
iral branch will be held this evening
(Tjbunday) in Saratoga Hall. The most in
- n g t- vents on the programme are an ad
'in>s i>\ Rev. P.C Yorke and an essay contest
in doeidi; the pariah representative at the next
district rally. CompcojA of the Cadets will
attend. The public are" iuvited to be present.
CATHODE RAY IS
WHAT IT IS NOT
What Prof. Le Conte Has
to Say About Roent
gen's Discovery.
AS APPLIED TO SURGERY
If It Should Have No Other
Uses It Would Still Be
Invaluable.
EXPERIMENTS AT BERKELEY.
An Interview With the Famous Sci
entist on His Seventy-Third
Birthday.
Dr. Wibon, professor of physics at the
State University, is busily engaged in ex
perimenting with Koentgen's mysterious
ray, but so far he has secured no results to i
speak of. He says the reason is that the {
university has not got the proper appa
ratus for successfully carrying through the
experiments, which calls for a larger in
duction coil. However, he intends to
keep at i^until he does get something. E.
R. Drew and W. J. Raymond, instructors
in physics, and also E. R. Jackson and
others of the students are at work with the
new ray; all handicapped, however, with
insufficient apparatus.
Dr. Lewis is in receipt of a communica
tion from Professor Roentgen explaining
his experiments and his theory of the
cause of the new ray, and is himself pre
paring a paper on the subject.
All the professors at Berkeley are, of
course, very much interested ia the sub
ject.
Professor Le Conte, speakieg of the dis
covery, said: "This is new. We have only
the most meager reports — that is to say
there has not been much done; there has
not been time for much experimenting as !
yet. What there is, however, is remark- |
able and valuable. It is a distinct ex- |
tension of scientific knowledge, and every I
such extension presents infinite possibilf- i
tics of its application. So far as we have ;
seen the one* practical application of this
discovery is to surgery. The value of it in
that application, however, can scarcely be
overestimated. If the flesh of the hand is
invisible to these rays, and only the bones
or other like dense matter absorbs them, i
then to a stronger application the flesh of
the whole body mar reasonably be ex- ,
pected to be so. So that it is reasonable
to believe that the shadow of a man's
skeleton — a living man of flesh and blood ]
— may be secured. Therefore, as Pro
fessor Davidson has said to The Call, if
this discovery had been made prior to the j
shooting of Garneld, the ball, about which
there was so much doubt, couid have been ,
quickly located and extracted.
"If Professor Koentgen's discovery ia I
found finally to have no other application
than this to surgery it is a great addition
to science. But it will have others; that is
almost certain. The whole scientific world
of physicists is at work with this new
vibration. It has given a new vantage
around from which to work and a new iru- !
nulee to work with, and results may be
looked for every day. it is a great pity that
the Stata University is not equipped "as it
should be in its department of physics. !
The equipment in other departments is
first clas?, but in physics we are notably
weak.
' There is a considerable difference of
opinion as to just wh:u the new ray is.
Roentgen thinks it originates at tne point i
where the cathode ray from within im
pinges unon the glass tube,*and that it is
a direct ray, as distinct from the vibrating
ray of light. There is, as I say, much
difference of opinion on that matter.
Some think it the ultra red ray — the very
long ray.
"It has long been known that rays of i
light, as they may be called, of very, very !
lo»v temperature pass through everything.
Everything is tranparent to it. Raoul
Pictet made some very pretty experiments :
in this direction, upon which I hart it in
mind at one time to prepare a paper, but
other things intervened, I lost inter
est and the matter dropped. But he
secured temperatures of 100 and 150 j
degrees below zero. At that temperature
the rays are very long and pass through
any amount of clothes, flesh or anything j
else. Everything, as I say, is transparent
at such a temperature. As the tempera- [
ture rises tht> vibrations shorten until the i
ultra red, red and the visible light, and i
on up to violet and the ultra vrolet. Some
scientists are of the opinion that the X
ray of Roentgen may be the ultra-red ray.
It is not at all improbable that some
substance may be discovered that will
reflect and focalize it. and new applica- |
tions develop infinitely."
"But, by the way," said tbe professor in j
conclusion, "it may be well to call atten- |
tion again to the fact that it is not a ca- :
♦ bode ray. Cathode rays are not new, and I
Roentgen's recent communication on the j
subject was employed in explaining that i
this was not a cathode ray, but something j
entirely different, which it certainly is."
Professor Le Conte was shown The Call !
of yesterday, containing: the report, tanen i
from the Isew York Herald, of Professor I
Simon's experiment of photographing his
own brain. He read the account and '
studied the reproduction of the photo
graph very seriously, and then said:
"If Professor Simon or anybody else has
done this thing it is, of course, of great '
moment. But I shall wait until I get it '
from some authoritative scientific source
before I stiail credit it. To be sure, we
cannot afford to ignore a thing simply be
cause we cannot understand it. The
things that look most impossible are often I
so because of our ignorance of their cause.
When we come to know about them they
are very simple. On the other hand, the
things which science knows to be impossi
ble — such as perpetual motion — many peo
ple deem to be auite possible, and so
waste their lives in fruitless endeavors to
solve it."
QUESTION OF AUTHORITY
Judge Slack Holds the Police Courts
Have No Jurisdiction In' Crimi
nal Libel. Cases. - •
A decision of considerable importance
was rendered by Judge Slack on Tuesday,
as it involves the jurisdiction of the police
courts in cases of criminal libel.
Recently J. B. Fleming, ex-pound
master, was arrested on the complaint of
Fred Osborn, superintendent of the
Pound, on the. charge of criminal libel.
When the case was called in Judge Con
lan's court. Attorney George H. Cabaniss,
who represented the defendant, asked for
a dismissal on the ground that the court
had no jurisdiction.' Judge Conlan re
fused to dismiss the case, believing that
he had jurisdiction, which had never be
fore been questioned.
Attorney Cabaniss thereupon . applied
for a writ of prohibition before Judge.
Slack. He argued that the statute which
created the present Police Courts and de
fined their jurisdiction omitted to give
them any sort of jurisdiction in cases of
libel, either for trial or for the preliminary
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1K96.
examination of a defendant. He admitted
that for years back these cases had been
taken into the Police Courts, but no one
had raised the point of jurisdiction, and
he contended that he was right in his in
terpretation of the statute.
Judge Slack in his decision, which is a
lengthy one, coincides with the argument
of Attorney Cabaniss and grants the writ.
Therefore in future all libel cases will have
to be taken at once before the Superior
Court, thereby saving the delay of being
heard in the Police Courts.
Attorney Cabaniss, while prosecuting at
torney of Judge Joachimsen's court, made
himself thoroughly familiar with the
statute and was therefore in a position to
raise the question of jurisdiction when the
opportunity offered in the Fleming case.
A BRUTAL MOTHER.
Mrs. Eliza O'Brien Arrested for Cruelty
to Her Little Daugh
ter.
Mrs. Eliza O'Brien of 292 Union street
was arrested yesterday by the officers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children, and booked in the City Prison
on the charge of cruelty to children.
When the officers visited the house they
found the mother in a state of intoxica
tion, and the children hungry. There
was no food in the house, and everything
was in a filthy condition. Complaints
had been made to the society that while
drunk the mother had placed Tes?ie, aged
8, on the stove. The child, when ques
tioned, admitted that this was so, Her
right hand was badly burned and her left
hand bore the marks of scars. Tessie was
sent to the Children's Hospital, where her
wounds were cared for, and Maggie and
Katie, aged respectively 9 and 2, were sent
to St. Francis Orphan Asylum.
The fatherof the children, John O'Brien,
is in the City and County Hospital.
WITTLAND'S STATEMENT.
The Ex-Cashier of the Grangers'
Bank Left One With
Friends.
It Told His Story of the Systematic
Defalcations — Second Dividend
to Be Declared.
The Grangers' Bank, in liquidation, has
paid out nearly all the first dividend of
30 per cent declared by its directors re
cently, and it is believed that another divi
dend of 30 per cent, or at least 25, will be
declared on March 1.
It is mainly due to the unselfish and in
j defatigable endeavors of H. M. La Rue,
I president of the defunct institution, that
| such a creditable showing has become pos-
s ible. Mr. La Rue has devoted nearly all
| his time and attention to the bank since it
i closed its doors, and his friends say that
he will not desist until every dollar of the
bank's assets that can be collected is paid
:to depositors and stockholders. When
: this shall have been done the present
creditors of the bank will receive dollar for
I dollar. The president makes frequent
' trips into the country, and is now in the
San Joaquin Valby attending to the
bank's business. Each trip of his results
in a large addition to the treasury. On his
return there will, it is expected, be s'lffi
: cient money on hand to warrant the direc
tors declaring a dividend of 25 of 30 per
! cent on the first of next month.
Only once since William Wittland, the
[ absconding cashier, disappeared has he
j been .heard from, and that was about a
week ago in an indirect way through the
surety company which lost $10,000 over ,
his bonds. It hns transpired that Witt
land left a carefully prepared statement of
his defalcations, which he claimed aggre
gated $12,500. The bank directors en
deavored to get hold of the document,
which had passed into the hands of Witt
land's family, but it was kept from them.
It is now in the safe keeping of his coun
sel, Attorney Hewston.
Wittland, according to a friend who saw j
the statement, gave the amounts of his i
peculations in chronological order, and |
added them up to make a grand to'al of j
$12,500. He said that he had been drawn
into tbe dishonest practices by certain peo
ple outside the bank, who. influenced him to j
take money under the representation that j
he could not lose, but on the contrary i
would make a handsome profit and then j
be able to put the stolen money back j
privately. In this way he was led deeper I
and deeper into the difficulty, and when I
the bank was about to suspend he had to
seek safety in flight.
JUDGE LOW'S POSITION
The Ruling Against the Poker
Ordinance Based on the Ah
You Decision.
An Examiner Editorial That Calls
Forth the Criticism of the
Police Judge.
Through an editorial which appeared in
yesterday's issue of the Examiner, the de
cision rendered last week by Judge Low
overthrowing the poker ordinance was se
verely and unfairly criticized. Insinua
tions as to the Judge's honesty were also
indulged in, the editorial stating that "it
was not expected that he could be made
the tool of sharpers and sleight-of-hand
swindlers who object to the poker ordi
nance."
"It is evident," said Judge Low last
evening, "that the person who wrote that
gulling editorial is either unlearned in the
laws of the State in which he resides, or
else he has neglected to read my decision
on the case in full. It has been decided
by the Supreme Court of this State," he
i continued, "that it is not in the power of
the Board of Supervisors to impose a
greater punishment for an offense
than the Legislature has seen fit
to impose for a like or similar
offense. By section 330 of the Penal Code
the punishment prescribed by the State
law for playing prohibited gambling
games is a fine not to exceed $500, or by
imprisonment not to exceed six months,
or by both such fine and imprisonment.
"In thecase of ex parte Ah You reported
in 88 California, page 99, and in the case
of Soloman in 91 California, page 440,
both parties being prosecuted under mu
nicipal ordinances similar to the poker or
dinance, the Supreme Court decided in
favor of tne defendants, declaring all sim
ilar ordinances to be absolutely null and
i void. The ground upon which these or
dinances were declared void being that
they imposed a greater punishment for the
offense committed than did the State law.
I It is a very easy thing to frame an brdi-
I nance which will cover the entire matter
by simply prohibiting the playing of
poker, or allowing it to be played, for
j money in any saloon or other public place
! and by fixing the penalty by a fine of not
j more than $500 or imprisonment in the
j County Jail not to exceed six months, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
"Such an ordinance would not infringe
upon the State law and in consequence it
would be valid and binding.
"As to my being made the tool of so
called snarpers and sieight-of-hand swin
dlers no statement could hav<* been made
which would have come further from the
truth. I decide all cases which come be
fore me according to the laws applicable
to them without regard to the moral as
pect, which, according to law itself, is a
secondary consideration."
El Reposo Perfjsctos arrived yesterday.
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. •
RAILROADS IN GUATEMALA
A Seattle Man Building Electric
Lines in Central American
Cities.
HUNTINGTON'S GOOD BARGAIN.
Eig IPacific Port at Estrapa— Danger
of the Coffee and Mahogany
Going East.
L. H. Griffith, formerly proprietor of the
Griffith bank at Seattle and for a year past
residing in Guatemala, where he has im
portant Government concessions, is at the
Grand. Among his concessions is the
privelege of nutting electric street cars in
Guatemala City and Antigua, and con
necting the two places also by electric
cars. The towns are seventy-two miles
apart. Mr. Griffith has also been instru
mental in starting the steamship freight
line between Seattle and the port of San
Jose de Guatemala, and furnishing Puget
Sound timber and lumber to Guatemala.
He says the country down there is in a
prosperous state. The hotels are all
crowded and there are many a dozen resi-
L. H. Griffith, Who Has Electric, Streetcar and Other Concessions in Guatemala-
dent American commercial men in
Guatemala City.
Just before Mr. Griffith left it was stated
that the sale of the Guatemala Central
Railroad to the English and Scotch syn
dicate had been consummated. It will be
recalled that some months ago it was an
nounced that C. P. Huntington had sold
the road to the said syndicate for $15,000,
--000 in silver, a sum equal to $7,400,000 in
goid. However, at this point President
Barrios stepped in. He was willing any
American syndicate should buy it, but he
did not like the idea of British capitalists
getting such a grip on the country.
"I think now, however, the matter has
been straightened out," said Mr. Griffith.
"The agent of the syndicate, H. E. Bag
gerly, was. a passenger down with me the
last time I was here. He completed his
report, and, as I understood it, it had been
accepted ana the pale made.
"There is a northern road to reach Port
Barrios, on the Atlantic side, from Guate
mala City, now being built, and there is
danger that when it is finished, or even
before, the trade that now comes here will
be diverted to New York. San Francisco
ought to look out for this and do all it can
to hold it. The northern road is being
built by the Government. The entire dis
tance between the two places is ISO miles.
Sixty-five miles of this, from the Atlantic
side, is now in operation. Besides this,
fifty miles more there are under contract.
"There is also a 45-mile section from the
Guatemala City end to be let right away.
When those two contracts are completed
freight can be transferred between the ter
minals. The coffee shipments then, in
stead of coming here, may go that way.
"The route of the road is very rough,
being largely over mountains. The cost of
building it is $200,000 a mile. There are
many gorges and canyons, requiring in all
thirty-nve miles of bridging in the 180
miles.
"Besides this important work the San
Luci branch road, from San Luci south to
a connection with the Occidental road at
Retaluhne, is being pushed forward
rapidly. This runs along the base of the
mountains on the Pacific Coast side
through a rich coffee belt. The road will
be an important feeder.
"Another important project by the Gua
temalan Government is the spending of
$7,000,000 at the new port of Estrapa, nine
miles below San Jose. It is at the mouth
01 a river and dockage is there furnished
for large ships. Over 7,000.000 feet of
lumber have been sent down there from
San Francisco during the last few months.
! The harbor is to become the important
I one for the Pacific coast in Guatemala.
All our steamers will eventually change
from San Jose to that point."
Mr. Griffith is here on a business trip.
He will be here about three weeks. He
says the completion of the San Luci road
will cause the shipment of large quantities
of mahogany as well as coffee. Mr. Griffith
says he expects to build his streetcar line
within the present year.
CRAB-FISHERS ALARMED.
They Lose a Day's Work in Order to
Fay Their Licenses.
The story published in The Call yester
day of how Deputy Fish Commissioners
Wilson and Davis caught four crab-fisher
men who had failed to pay the State
license and caused the offenders to be lined
by a Justice of the Peace in Sausalito
proved a sensation among those who fol
low this line of business. Dozens of the
crab-fishers flocked to the commission
headouarters in the Flood building to pay
for their licenses.
In consequence of the rush for licenses
but few boats went out yesterday, their
owners fearing to be caught by the depu
ties as they returned from the fisuing
grounds. During the day nearly all the
crab-fishers ob'.ained th»iir licenses. In
consequence of the boats staying at home
yesterday it is likely that tuere will be a
scarcity of crabs on Friday, as much of
Friday's stocK is carried over froma live
the few days preceding the day on which
there is the greatest demand for a!l kinds
of fish.
FOUGHT TO MUSIC.
Souaa'a Experince With Two Young
sters Who Were Influenced by
Street Sounds.
A good many years ago John Dryden
celebrated in his delightful "Ode on St.
Cecilia's Day" the power of music upon
the human passions. Human nature has
not ereatly changed since. Alexander
and Thais, inspired by the minstel's song,
set fire to the palaces of Babylon, a fact
which is illustrated by the story which
Bandmaster Sousa has brought back with
him from his latest tour of the country.
"It happened in Exeter, N. H.," says
Mr. Sousa, "where we gave a concert one
afternoon. When we reached the hall I
found two juvenile residents of Exeter,
who by distributing handbills, had earned
the privilege of hearing the concerts from
behind the scenes. The youngsters had
some sort of a quarrel, and when 1 came
across tiiem were making threatening
demonstrations at each other. 1 separated
them and repeated the verse beginning,
'Let dogs delight to bark and bite' — you
may have heard of it. I sat them down
in two chairs, and gave them a lecture on
the sinfulness of fighting, until it was
time to go on the stage.
"From where I stood I could see the
boys, each in his chair, out in the wings.
We began with one of Li3Zt's Hungarian
rhapsodies movement, and as the music
proceeded the little fellows got out of their
chairs, and sidling alone toward one an
other, took up the quarrel where they had
left off.
"A collision was imminent, when the
music ceased and a soothing andante
movement followed. The boys resumed
their chairs and listened quietly during
this passage, even exchanging looks which
I interpreted as conciliatory and repent
ant. Another allegro movement followed
and the sta^e hands had to interfere to
keep the youngsters from punching each
other.
"Then we played a pretty, melodious
waltz and the boys kept perfectly quiet in
their chairs. I thought they had forgot
ten their feud and when the'waltz was en
cored I ordered the "Washington Post
March." Before we had played a dozen
bars the little rascals were having it hot
and heavy all over the side of the stag*.
The last I saw of them was the spectacle
of their ejectment from the stage-door,
o^ie of them stanching a profuse nasal
hemorrhage, while the other nursed a
badly blackened eye. It was the most for
cible demonstration of the influence of
music upon the human passions which I
remember having seen."
FOR A NEW CONEY ISLAND
Colonel T. P. Robinson in Part
nership With Mr. Sutro
at the Beach.
Together They Will Inaugurate a Be
wildering Series of Perpetually
Changing Attractions There.
There is to be an injection of life and en
ergy into tb« Cliff House, Sutro Heights
and beach attractions from now on.
The ever popular ex-baseball manager
and Midwinter Fair amusement commit
teeman, Colonel Thomas Poniatowski
Robinson, has signed articles with Mayor
Sutro as arbiter elegantiarum, otherwise
amusement impresario at the Cliff.
The colonel will have sole control to
make contracts and bewilder the visitors'
minds with a kaleidoscope of wonders.
Already his sanguine soul sees a new
Coney Island or Manhattan Beach at the
terminus of the Sutro line. He has
prophetically arranged a trolley-wire to
the seal rocks, built an amphitheater for
entertainments, a bicycle-track, a drilling
ground, target range and "Venetian
canal," besides establishing a Cairo mid
way, with real camels, mirror-mnze,
haunted swing and other favorite mar
vels.
Tne giant Sutro baths will be the
colonel's piece de resistance, however.
Here he will give great water vaudevilles,
acrobatic and gymnastic tournaments,
while every day the band will play. The
Sutro museum is not overlooked by the
colonel's keen eye as a solid attractiod.
"We don't intend to have any^tommon
Punch and Judy snows," said TJeneral
Robinson yesterday, "but we will look out
for specialties, and, if necessary, engage
them to come here from the • East. The
people will have a place where they can be
sure of entertainment, at a moderate cost,
in the daytime."
These vast projects will take time, bnt
it is the colonel's secret ambition — ihe
colonel is nothing if not dramatic — to have
all the wheels commence to turn at onee —
probably on March 14, two .weeks from
next Saturday.
Burglars Arrested.
Three burglars were booked at the City
Prison yesterday. Richard Cody and John
alias Neill alias Hanlon^ex-convicts,
were arrested by detectives Dillon and Crockett
lor breaking into the house of Mrs. J. R.
Sechrist, 1020 Sinter street, on February 17, and
stealing a quantity of jewelry and other arti
cles, a portion being found in Williams' pos
session when arrested. William Cooney alias
Magulre was arrested by policemen Ryan and
Freel for breaking into the house of Mrs. M.
Donovan, 2 Ritch street, on February 24 aud
stealing a lot of jewelry.
♦ ' ; ■ SEW TO-DAT. .>^H : ■. ■ „' =" ■
[l^gSStiA- Pure and Sure." '-■** . : --* V;,»::i:.
Baking Powder.
" I have used Cleveland's Baking Powder with
entire satisfaction in the preparation of breads, biscuits
and Cakes. Juliet Corson, ' Founder of New York Cooking School*
SWINE SPOIL BAY VIEW
Residents Ask the Supervisors
to Condemn Four Hog
Ranches.
THE STENCH IS UNBEARABLE.
Forty-Five People Say That Foul
Refuse Makes Their Homes
Unfit to Live in.
The many residents of Bay View, that
pretty little valley of South San Francisco,
have petitioned the Supervisors to remove
from their midst four hog ranches.
"There usea to be a time," said 8. L. Pi
per, who lives there and owns several lots
in that section, "when we would not have
exchanged our locality for any in the City.
The air was Dalmy and pure, and we all
enjoyed the best of health, but about two
years ago a hog rancher moved in down
near the beach. Since then three more
have followed, and now we have over 1000
hogs grunting under our very windows.
"The wind to-aay, as it rarely does,
comes strong from the southeast. *You can
smell the tilth, though, even now. Bui as
summer comes on and the weather be
comes warmer, the stench is something
horrible. Several times Jast year we were
compelled to leave our home and spend
the day somewhere else.
"The refuse from the ranches is piled
around on the beacu and on the marshy
ground adjacent to the pens. When hogs
die their carcasses are thrown over the
fence, and these, with the refuse, send
around this basin ir.to the windows of
the houses, three-qxiarters of a mile dis
tant, a stench that is almost overpow
ering.
"These foul sinks have kept hundreds
of families from building here, while if
they were removed there could scarcely be
found a pleasanter place to live.
"Down close by them sickness is very
frequent. The beach" was once as white as
that out near the Cliff House; now it lies
Beveral feet beneath the most nauseating I
tilth.
"One of the hog ranchers said, 'If people
around here don : t like the smell let them
move away. 1 But when you consider the
natural fitness of this location for a resi
dence and the hundred or more who iive
here already, it seems extremely unjust
that four people should render the entire
neighborhood unfit for anything but swine.
"Two months ago we petitioned the
Board of Health to remove the nuisance,
and that body referred the matter to a
committee, which declared it a nuisance
i and recommended its abolishment. Noth
ing, however, has been done. We sent in
a petition to the Supervisors last Monday
with the names of the following residents:
barrett, Silvester, Jeffers, Williams,
Colombo, Boviar, Piper, Kelly, Burbee,
Finch, Frank, Cullen, Peterson, Ferrier,
Monroe, Sintner, Bostiguda, Sister Stanis
laus of the St. Joseph Orphanage Asylum
and thirty other names of residents.
"These people reside in this locality, the
tract being bounded by Railroad avenue,
Fourteenth street. Twenty-first street and
the bay.
MALONEY WON HIS SUIT
He Gets a Judgmeot for $225 Against
Theodore C. Alarceau, the
Photographer.
Justice of the Peace Carroll decided the
case of J. H. Maloney, the turfman,
against Theodore C. Marceau yesterday in
favor of the plaintiff, giving him judg
ment for the entire amount asked, $225.
In 1895 Maloney ordered a lot of« photo
graphs from Marceau, but refused to ac
cept them on the ground that the likeness
and workmanship wore poor. Shortly
thereafter he prepared to depart for the
East and as he was leaving the Palace
Hotel was arrested on a warrant sworn
out by Marceau charging him with intent
to defraud his creditors by leaving the
State.
In order to prevent being detained Ma
lonoy paid the $2125 demanded by Marceau
for the pictures and went on lii:- way. Re
cently he returned and brought «nit for
the amount on the ground that it was
paid under duress and dv reason of threats.
An Officer's Contempt.
G. J. Ely, a police officer from Oakland, nar
rowly escaped being fined for contempt of
court by Judge Conlan yesterday. C. L.
Fountain was a witness in the case of Clarence
Turner, charged with attempt to rob, and as
soon as he had given his testimony Ely
stepped up to him and arrested him. The at
tention of the Judge was drawn to the matter,
and it looked serious for Ely. He explained
that Fountain was wanted for an attempt *o
rob in Oakland, and he meant no disrespect to
the court by arresting him. The Judge purged
him of contempt.
KITW TO-DAT.
PADEREWSKI,
THE GREATEST LIVING
PIANIST, PLAYS THE
STEINWAY!
Which Is pre-eminently
the best Piano manufac-
tured.
SHEMAIfCUY & CO.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.,
Kearny and Sutter St-eets.
OAKLAND. Cal., Broadway and Thirteenth Bts.
PORTLAND, i.r., Fifth and Yamhlll Streets.
SKATTL.K. Wash., 715 Second Street.
MEW TO-DAT-AMUIiEMENTS.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
To-day at 2— To-night at B— Farewell Performances
>liiri<- Tavary Grand Opera Company.
i Matinee To-day (poplr prices* Bohemian Girl
To-night — Bizet's romantic Carmen.
AN APPROVED LENTEN DIVER-
SION IS SHOOTING the CHUTES
and TRIPPING THETROLLEY I
Concerts Afternoon and Evenine
ADMISSION lo CE.Nfs;
Children (including Merry-Go-ltouuJ Kidej, 100
M EATRE^I P^o p s.
■ Two Weeks' Encasement— The Favorite Actor, '
FREDERICK WARDE
And His Celebrated Company.
TO-NIGHT "THE LION'S MOUTH"
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee,
"THE MOUNTEBANK."
Saturday (only time) "VIRGINIUS"
A WEEK Will SHAKESPEARE !
MONDAY, MARCH 2.— —
Monday, Thursday, Mr. Warde's Latest Success,
Friday Evgs. and l/f . m . f^at-*
Saturday Matinee KING LEAR
Pronounced a Triumph by the Press..
Tuesday (only time), DAMON and PYTHIAS
Mr. Wiirde as Damon. -Mr. Herman as Pythias.
Wednesday and Saturday- Nights,
iTXTXjIXTJS OJEIJS^^DFI.
Mr. Warde as Brutns, Mr. Herman as Casslus,
% Charles Sutton as Antony.
Every Play Superbly Mounted!
Every Scene a Picture!
The Foremost Company of America!
Seats for Next Week Ready To-day.
EXTRA-Stmday Night. March 1,
GRAND POPULAR CONCERT!
First appearance of the Parisian violinist. MAR-
SICK, inconjunstion with PADKREWSRI (fare-
well appearance). jJfS~ Prices— *l to $3.
, SEATS NOW SELLING.
I ~~~~
%jp • props.
EVERY NIGHT— This "Week Only!
■ MATINEE SATURDAY! •
The idol of the Fun-making World,
JOLLY NELLIE
And Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, pre-
"THE BICYCLE GIRL I"
bright Music, Catchy Songs, Pretty Dances,
Beautiful Girls, Elaborate Costumes, and
Effective Scenery.
Monday, -March 16 "MEXICO"
TniCDLAnDtR.OOTTLOD« <y- LtJiCiAnorwiAotKi---
THE ~ SENSATION
ONLY HERE
"THE OLD LIME KILN"
AND CHARMING
KATIE PUTNAM
In New Songs and Dances.
And Little GERTIE CARLISLE.
Next Monday "A Railroad Ticket"
£Z*^r A I rA7AD
THE CARLETOSIPERA COMPAQ!
In Sir Julius Benedict's
"LILYOFKILLARNEYI"
glTThe Operatic Success of the Season.
PRICES— ISc, 25<v35e, 50c and 75c.
Matinees. Saturday and Sunday,
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c and 50c.
Monday— "FßA DIAVOLO." Three nights only.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. £bssstisk Kbelino, Proprietor & Manager
LAST TIMES!-
Splendid Electric Production of
FREISCHUTZ"
OR
"THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
-TO-WIG-HT
CAST INCLUDES
Ida Valeißa, W. 11. West,
Anna Schnabeli Marcel Perron,
Martin Pache. • Arthur lioyce.
Reappearance of the Favorite Soprano,
MISS CARRIE ROMA.
Grand Chorus! Superb Orchestra!
Next Week— "RlP VAN WINKLE."
SIG. G. NAPOLEON I as Caspar.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
. — ..
MORQSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MUKOSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Howard Taylor's Masterpiece,
PULSE OF NEW YORK I
I • In Which Will Be Introduced New and
Astounding Mechanical Effects.
BEE The Pile-Driver Scene! The Elevated Ball-
road ! The Sensational ire Scene 1
i,'-;'' >'.vejjin« Pbickj— 2so and 5*3.
Family Circle and Oallerr. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Street. Between Stockton ani Pa^rtU.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
7 NEW PEOPLE! 4 NEW ACTS!
A Brilliant List of Celebrities 1
THE BROS. DIANTA.
FOREMAN and FANNAN,
THE ROSSLEYS,
- ELLA ELLIS,
THE PANTZERS,
THE WILTONS,
- And Last Week of the Favorites,
CARROLL JOHNSON & BILLY CARTER
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera caalct
and Box seats. BOc ■ : " ■ ,
THE AUDITORIUM.
• ■ Corner of Eddy and Jones sts. •
Friedlander, Gottlob&Co., Lessees&Managen
"_m_ FRIDAY, BATURDAY,, SUX-
_£TOjrfc DAY. Feb. 28. 29 and March 1.
JpcT^ 2— M ATI NEKS— 2
■Eg- \ SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Sousa's
f FRIDAY,"' SATURDAY, SUN-
DAY. Feb. 28. 29 and March 1.
2— M ATI N X KS— 2
SATIKDaY arid SUNDAY.
Souse's
PEERLESS BAND.
>SSsi«ilL Miss Assisted by Violinist.
Miss CVKKIK DUKE, Violinist.
mrSSMflß&*< Miss M V KTA KKJ; .N I'II, soprano.
l«BSs^P F Mr. ARTHUR PKYOH.Tromhone
SEATS— 2Sc. 50c, 75c and »1.
On sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. -
MARCH 3-ANNA EVA FAY.
RACINGI RACINGI RACING!
j CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
• WINTER MEETING -.
Beginning: Thursday, February 20,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK. .;,i
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday/Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
• " FIVE UK MORE RACES EACH DAY.. r
Races start at 2:00 p. M. sharp. ■
- McAllister and Geary street cars puss the cats.' -
R. B. JiILROY. TUOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
Secretary. President.
78
MORTON STREET AND WATER RATES.
Special Session of the Grand
Jury on These
Topics.
CHEAP WATER FOR SHIPS
Chief Crowley and the Police
Commissioners Tes
tified.
THE CRUSADE AGAINST VICE.
Many Dens of Infamy Closed— Others
Will Be Suppressed With
out Delay.
A special meeting of the Grand Jury was
held yesterday afternoon. The witnesses
attending were Chief Crowley and Police
Commissioners Tobin, Aivoru and Gunst.
After a prolonged conference with District
Attorney Barnes the jury called on Chief
Crowley.
. It transpires that the subject of the mr
quiry was Morton street. The Chief made
a full statement of what had been accom
plished by the Police Department, acting
on the suggestion of the Police Commis
sioners. He said that -'many of the
women — keepers of the degraded dens on
that street— had been forced to leave the
locality, and -those remainine would be
compelled to leave. "
The Grand Jury commended Chief
Crowley and the Commissioners for the
good work already performed, and prom
ised to render all the assistance within the
power of the jury to further promote the
cause of decency.
The Chief did not hesitate to express his
entire confidence in the ability of the de
partment to close all the infamous places
on Morton street, and, when once closed,
to hold the advantage gained.
In regard to the work of the department
in the line of arresting gamblers and lot
tery dealers the Chief presented figures to
show that during his administration of
affairs 20,000 arrests had been made, and
the sum of $420,000 collected on fines and
forfeitures. Of lottery tickets thirty tons
Lan been seized.
William Alvord, Police Commissioner,
was the next witness called. He explained
to the Giand Jury what had been done by
the Commissioners and enumerated some
of the difficulties encountered by the com
mission in closing such places as those
which had made Morton street so noto
rious.
It was not ascertained whether Mr. Al
vord gave to the jury a list of the estates
and the names of property- owners inter
ested in property on this thoroughfare.
The Closing of the houses of ill fame may
diminish the income of owners for some
months, but ultimately this property, so
near the retail center of the City, will be- j
come so valuable for business purposes |
that the owners will gain rather than lose j
by the crusade against infamous tenants.
Commissioners Tobin and Gunst were
not called into the jury-room yesterday
afternoon. " " ;V.v;>'< ty.
The water committee of the jury pre- i
sented the following report :
Pan Francisco. Feb. 26, 1806.
Frank Mcukey, Foreman of the Grand Jury—
Beak Sir: The water committee tike pleasure |
in submitting to you and other members of the
Grand Jury their final report with reference to I
the adjustment of the Spring Valley water ]
rates along the wharves of Sail Francisco, and
. append thereto a letter received from the
Spring Valley Water Company expressing their
earnest and heartfelt co-operation in adjusting
und correcting discriminations heretofore in
vestigated ana considered by this Jury along
the water front in the sale of water to the
shipping consumers, and also their conclu
sions, which we believe arc made in good
faith, regarding a reduction of shipping rates
in future.
In conclusion we desire to state that the offi
cers of the Spring Valley Water Company have
met your committee in a Rplrit of fairness and
equity In our investigations, and we feel as
sured they are sincere and will carry out the
reductions indicated in their communication.
Respectfully submitted. » ;•■ . •*
Cornelius O'Connor,
A. F. Price,
C S. Lavmeister.
Following is the text of the letter from
the Spring Valley Water Company to the
Grand Jury to which reference is made in
the foregoing committee report:
San Francisco, Feb. 26. 1898.
' To the Honorable Grapri Jury— Gentlemen:
We take pleasure in informing your honorable
body that the board of directors of the Spring
Valley Water.Works Imve concluded (and have
so advised the committee of the Board of Su
pervisors on water rates) that from and alter
July l, 1596, this company ■will undertake the
direct supply of the shipping at the wharves of
Sau Francisco, and the experience gathered by
us as to outlay, consumption and expense dur
ing the latter half of this year will form a basis
for the fixing of the shipping water rates for
the future at the wharves. Very respectfully,
.*,--» Charles Webb Howard.
President Spring Valley Water Worts.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
The Property-Owners of That Locality
Object to More Expensive Public
lint>roTementft at Present.
The Richmond district property-owners
are anxiously discussing the question of
saving their streets. Their watchword is
"Improvement," but they are beginning
to think that they have about as many
rrtiject? on iiand for the advancement of
their district as they can stand at present.
The recent proposal to bituminize certain
thoroughfares has divided Richmond,
that heretofore has pulled so well together.
The larger portion of the residents are of
moderate means, paying for their homes,
and the prospect of more bills for street
work is not agreeable.
Tlie objectors say that there remains so
much lateral and "side sewer work to be
done that much of the bitumen would
have to be torn up, patched and botched,
making poor work, with more and unnec
eaaary expense. They have a red-rock
quarry in the district which they aver will
supply cheaply all the pavement they
need at present. There are too many
loulevards mapped out, and the property
people along these avenuej are moving to
lay some of those motions on the table.
The A.nti-Cemetery Club is yet wrestling
with the graveyards, which, although
they have started, do not move out
of the City as fast as desirable. Tne
Cemetery Associations are not selling lots,
apparently, since the passage of the pro
hibiting ordinance, but the deeds of prior
purchases now being recorded have a
rare old flavor — too rare and too old to be
true. Ihey cannot understand why a
grave lot should have been boueht in the
early '60' s and '70' s and not be recorded
till the year of our Lord L 896.
A part of the cemetery question is the
proposed removal of the City graveyards
<m Thirty-third avenue. These are used
by certain benevolent societies for burial
purposes, also by the City for the inter
ment of tne indigent dead. Those pieces
of ground are rapidly filling up, and in
the courße of time burials there must of
necessity cease for want of space, and
when the City grows around them the
bodies will have to be removed. Charles
11. Hubbs, president of the Richmond
Property-owners' Association, is preparing
an ordinance which will be presented to
the Board of Supervisors soon. It pro
hibits interments in those cemeteries, and
'-* passed will open the way for the pur
chase by the City of a place of burial for
its dead without the limits or the erection
of a public crematory.
CHARGES OF FRAUD.
Grave Allegations Made by Mrs. Marie
Reusche.
Mrs. Marie RetibChe is suing her step
father for possession of certain property
which, she alleges, he secured from her by
fraud.
She claims that when her husband,
Fritz Reusche, died, she was appointed
administratrix, and under the guidance of
her stepfather and an attorney he selected
she managed the estate. She soon found
that her stepfather had all the property,
and now ehe charges fraud on the part of
her stepfather and her attorney. She says
the attorney is the one who probated her
husband's estate, and the record shows
this to be Julius Reimer. She is suing for
a cancellation of the deeds by which she
alienated her property and for an account
ing.
The Wong Sain Case.
The Wong Sam case was continued before
Commissioner ileacock yesterday until next
Tuesday, ham is charged with aiding in the
unlawful landing of Chinese womvii at this
port for immoral purposes.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Continued Success of the Carleton
Company at Grover's
Alcazar.
The Auditorium Has Been Renovated
and a Brilliant Opening Is
Anticipated.
At the Baldwin Theater Frederick
Warde returned to "The Mountebank"
last night. The drama is not one tnat
shows either Mr. Warde or hi? leading
lady, Miss Fanny Gillette, in their hap
piest light.
To-night "The Lion's Mouth" will be
played, and at the Saturday matinee
'Virginias.' 1
Nellie McHenry's humorous take-off of
an up-to-date maiden in "The Bicycle
Girl" is pleasing CJ^.ornia Theater
audiences. The piece consists of the
string of jokes and specialties which,
if cleverly linked together, generally prove
attractive, even if the plot be conspicuous
by its absence. Miss Nellie McHenry in
"The Bicycle Girl" again shows herself to be a
sparkling comedienne, and the members of
her support are luliy up to the requirements oi
the various roles.
The C'arleton Opera Company is meeting with
well-deserved success at Grover's Alcazar in
"The Lily of Killarney." Miss Kena Atkinson,
the prims donna, has already become a favor
ite with the public, aud .lay" C. Taylor and \V.
T. Carleton are repeating the popularity they
have won here in lormer years.
The chorus has warnled more to its work
tnan it did on the opening night, and the per
formance, as a whole, is a thoroughly enjoy
able one.
The Columbia Theater will give a bloomer
matinee next Saturday afternoon, and every
bloomer-cled girl will be given free admission
to the theater to see Katie Putnam in "The Old
Lime Kilu.'" The farce-comedy, "A Railroad
Ticket," will be presented ai "the Columbia
Theater next week.
The remarkable stage mechanism in "The
! Pulse of New York" at the Grand has caught
!on immensely with the public. The pile-
I driver and the elevated railroad, with its mad
jump from the tract, are enough sensations to
< keep a melodrama going, not to mention the
! real pier and the conflagration, wflh its real
, iff.c electrical effects. Taken altogether ••The
; Pulse of New York" presents the most remark
i able stage setting that can Francisco has seen I
ior a long time.
Yesterday evening the cantata role of Casper
in "Der i'reischutz" was sung at the Tivoii
Opera-house by G. Napoleoni, who will alter
nate the rest of this week with John J. Raffael.
Next Monday eveniug Planquette'c opera
comique "Rip Van Winkle" will be presented,
under the musical directorship of Carl Mar
tins. Carrie Roma, who has just returned from
tue East, will reappear.
The Pantzer Brothers are the best attraction
at the Orpheum this week. Their excellent
acrobatic feats nightly arouse applause. The
rest of the new performers have not proved
quite up to the Orpheum's standard.
Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. have
added another place of amusement to their
venture- in the Auditorium, which will he
opened to-morrow evening with Sousa's Band.
The stage has been enlarged. The interior
is linishea in white and gold, and the seating
capacity arranged to accommodate fully 2000
people. •
RECEPTIONS AND DANCES
A Large Tea Announced for
Saturday at the McLean
Residence.
Reception for Miss Charlotte Jewell.
Women's Press Association
Entertained.
The most prominent event of the week
will undoubtedly be the tea to be given
by Mrs. Robert McLean on Saturday at
her elegant home on Pacific avenue. The
date originally fixed for the. fashionable
entertainment was February 15, but owing
to sickness in Mrs. McLean's family, the
lady was obliged to postpone it to Satur
day. A great number of invitations have
been issued for tne affair, and as Mrs. Mc-
Lean is a most delightful hostess and her
home eminently adapted for large enter
tainments, the Saturday tea will certainly
be a rnoet enjoyable function.
A prominent Jewish marriage that is at
tracting considerable attention is that of
Miss Selma Altmayer. daughter of A.
Akmayer, president of the new Bnsh
street temple, and J. M. Jacdbi, a promi
nent manufacturer oi this City.
The wedding, which will take'place on
the 4th of March, will be solemnized in the
Hush-street synagogue, and is all the more
interesting seeing it iB the first marriage to
be solemnized in the new temple.
There has not been a synagogue wedding
— which is always a most elaoorateand im
pressive affair — since the brilliant mar
riage of Rabbi Metz and the lovely Mips
Frankel, one of the handsomest belles in
Jewish society.
On Saturday evening last Mr. and Mrs.
E. Bloch gave a delightful reception at
their handsome residence on Devisadero
street in honor of their lovely an<l attractive
niece, Miss Charlotte Jewell. The guests
started to arrive about 9:30 o'clock, an-1 were
received by Miss Jewell, assisted by Miss Eva
HcM'hoimer and Miss Marie Bauinan. The
house wu handsomely decorated. Palms and
ferns lined the walls and covered all the
corners in the drawiug-room, sitting-room ana
library; sniil&x entwined the chandeliers,
and misty ferus veiling pink carnations and
roses bauked the mantels and shelves. The
banquet hal! was decorated in the prevailing
colors— red and green. The orchestra was sta
tioned in the library, behind a screen of
palms, and furnished delightful music during
the evening.
Shortly after 10 o'clock danclne was in
augurated. During tbe evening Miss Lillian
Rothchild gave a whistling solo, which was
much enjoyed. At 12 o'clock an elaborate
supper was s« rved, after which dancing was re
sumeu mid kept up until an early hour. The
guests carried off as souvenirs small hatchets
tietl with red, while and blue ribbon, which
were very appropriate coming as it did on
Washington's birthday. There were about 100
guests present.
The spacious home of Mr. aud Mrs. R. A.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY L' 7, 1896.
Marshall, at 551 Knox avenue, Oakland, was
thrown open Thursday evening to the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Association and other
frienas. Mrs. Marshall, known in the literary
world as Emma Seckle Marshall, was assisted
in receiving by Mrs. Eva Wren. The four
rooms of the mi! to were artistically decorated,
the most striking features being a mammoth
bunch of cnlla lilies' placed In a conspicuous
position, and the quantities of brilliant Cali
fornia poppies which gleamed among the
greenery.
A most enjoyable programme was' rendered.
The piano soloist was Miss Ethel Fleming,
whose brilliant playing was particularly no
ticeable. The Misses Mabel Ransorae, Daisy
Pollard, Kate Wohifrom, R. A. Marshall; of
Oakland and Miss Abigail Jennings of San
Francisco gave some delightful vocal selec
tions. The other musical numbers were given
by Miss Mary Sullivan, Miss Alice Raymond,
William Simonson. Alfred Wilkie, Fred
Clnrk and Mrs. Eva Wren, whose ren
dition of "The Lullaby," from Jocelyn
by Godard,. was greatly enjoyed. Miss
Susie Hobart. the talented elocutionist, con
tributed largely to the evening's entertain
ment by her realistic recitations of "The
Kitchen Clock," "The Cheerful Visitor" and
"Mammy's Baby Boy." The accompanists were
Miss Blanche Partington, Miss Mabel Hussy,
Henry Bretherick and Fred Clark.
Light refreshments were served and only the
necessity for catching the late bouts and street
cars brought the evening's enjoyment to a
close. t
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Bretherick, Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Pinncy,
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Bartlett, Mr. and Mrs. George Hall, Mr. and
Mrs. Foster, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Laymance, Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. Laymance, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Miles, Mr. and Mrs. T. 11. Ward. Mr. and
Mrs. R. A. Marshall, Mcsdames Kate P. S. Boyd,
S. I. Darling, Harriet Howe, Mary V. T. Law
rence, Emily Brown Powell, Emily C. Remsen,
Ella M. Sexton, Lillian H. Shuey, Ada H.
Van Pelt. Louise Ritter, Frances Fuller
Victor,, Adams, Lena R. Bartow, Cornwall,
Harry Edwards, D. W. Gelwicks, Shank
lin. J. W. Hobson, French, G. W. Russell,
Mrs. Seaberry Peterson, the Older of Edncator Itsell's Daughters, Recently
Married Secretly by a Justice of the Peace.
[from a photograph.]
Smith, '3corge Fleming. Charlotte Btarkey,h.
Boyd, Matthew Coon, Kli/.ul.eth G. Birkmkier,
Kansonie, Eva Wruii, the Misses Alden, Darl
ing. Rumsoy, Champion, Sullivan, Davidson,
Ward, I'Hrtington, Hussev, Ransome, Jennings.
Mci'er.ald, Pollard, Wolfrom, Fleming, Ray
mond, Susie and Bessie Hobari, Gray, Russell,
Starkey, M. J. Smith, Poffae, Smith, Leola Hall,
Snow, the Misses Wohifrom, and William
Simonson, Fred Clark-, Alfred Wtlkie. Will
Ward, E. BuUerworth, John McKay, J. P.
Hunter, G. A. Russell, Herbert Rcms'en, J. A.
Marshall and Frank Fleming.
A very enjoyable party was tendered by his
many friends to Otto Leibold at his home, 131
Fourteenth street, last Saturday. Kddy Me-
Donongh, W. R. Doyle. W. Cadii»an and V.
Kennedy had chartre" of the atfair, and their
combined eSorts made the gathering a splen
did social success. Those present were Miss A.
Leibold, Miss I. Krayimshy, Miss C. Krayhnshy,
Miss Sallie Lenon, Mis? Gertrude Lemon, Miss
Lordie Black, Miss Tessle Reed, Miss Maggie
O'Brien,^fiss Julia Brown. Miss Etta Rchroyer,
Miss Padie Mac Duff, I. Steinhardt, J. L. Fitz
gerald, C. K. Breit, J. Murry. A. Magnus, H.
Geerty, Charles Geerty. G. Ohinimue, \V. H.
Taisen, W. Davis, J. Young, A. Koppen, t.
Hodfer.
The wedding of Mrs. Clare Dammes, daughter
of August Leonhardt of this City, to Henry
Dessau of Chicago took place Wednesday even
ing, February 19, at <> 6'c.iork. The marriage
m performed by Rev. F. L. Higgins in the
siudy of the Swedenborgian Church on O'Far
rell street, and was witnessed by Miss Marie
Leontaardt, sister of the bride, and' Mr. Hchwen
der .friend of the groom.
After the reception aud rapper, servr-d at the
house of the bride's parents, Mr. end Mrs. Des
sau took an evening train for the south.
The Dalmatian W. E. Club held its third
anniversary ball nt California Hall last Satur
day evening.
"The date set was ngreeable for the members,
so as to have it a double event and celebrate
the birthday of George Washington.
The hall was artistically decorated with bunt
ing and evergreens. The grand march was
called at 9:30, led by A. A. Ranzulo, president
of the club, and Miss Julia Marisch, who was
attired in a dress oi creum brocade trimmed
with pink satin.
At 12 o'clock lignt refreshments were served,
after which dancing was resumed till rarly
morning. The affair proved a great sucres*.
An enjoyable party was given to Emilio
Magglo at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. V. Bar
dellini, 7 Hodges place, on Sunday, by his
many frieuds. Among the features of the day
and evening were dancing, singing, games and
j recitations. Music was furnished by l'rofessoi
i N. Berio, C. H. Warren and F. Kaiser. At '2
o'clock the march was lea to dinner by the
pretty little hostess, Miss Lily Cuneo and Mr.
I Emilio Maggio, and fully thirty friends fol
j lowed into the prettily decorated dining-room.
After dancing till midnight the merry folks
departed. Among those oresent were: Mr.
and Mrs. J. Cuneo, Miss L. Cuneo, Mr. and Mr.»
V. Bardellini, Miss F. Pitto. Mr. and Mrs. E.
Maggio, Mrs. M. Minigan, Miss 9. Minigan,
Miss L. Minigan, G. Minigan, Mrs. M. Morse,
Miss J. Brown, C. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. A. Par
mizano, J. Partlnico/ A. Anea, Mr. and Mrs. P.
Pitto, Mr. and Mrs. J. Pitto, Miss H. Pitto, Mr.
and Mrs. L. Pitto.
A most enjoyable party was given by the
Golden Gates last Thursday evening, the 20th,
at California Hall. The next oocial of this
popular club is to be held March 5.
Native Sons' Hall was crowded to its utmost
capacity on Tuesday evening last in response
to invitations Issued by the Mystics for their
seventeenth evening dress party. Fully 250
couples participated in the inarch, led "by M.
L. Reynolds and Miss Lucy Frank.
The programmes— sou vduirs of the opening
were embossed in gold with b cluster of Cali
fornia violets, and were distributed by Will W.
Sale and Miss Mabel Macfadden. The following
committee deserve much credit for the able
management of the affair, which was • social
success: Floor director, M. L. Reynolds; as
sistant floor director, H. G. Muller ; reception
committee— \V. W. Sale. K. Mathcson; floor
committee, The Mystics; auxiliary commit
tee—Professor W. W. Anderson (chairman), H.
Windt, H. Clark, C. Renwick.
Among those present were: Mire F.ila Cella,
Miss Blanche -Andrews, MiRS Vira Sawyer, Miss
Lillian Coleman, Miss Mabel Macf&dden, Miss
Anna Johnstone, the Misses Dobson, Miss Eve
lyn Hansbrongh, Miss Blanche Clinton, Mise
Gertrude Spellan. the Misses Hainque, Miss
Horgan, Miss Gmce Richmond, Miss Lucy
Frank, Miss Lizzie Wrede, the Misses Atlof,
Miss Elvie Panario, Miss Lizzie Griffin, Miss
Freda Cool. Miss Nina Cool, Miss Mac Bell,
Miss E. Canning, Miss Mac Blythe, Miss
Georgie Kceley, Miss Schlitter, the Misses
Trautner, Miss L. Rhyne, Miss Lewis,
Miss Hall. Miss Mac Keily, Miss Lottie
Sharpe, Miss P. Holland, Miss Boyle,
Mrs. J. H. Wheeler, Professor La wson, Professor
H. Clark, Professor W. W. Anderson, J. Kata
nich, E. Legliw, (i. Ready, F. Williams, J.
Eber, W. W. Sale, K. Mathcson. 11. G. Muller,
M. L. Reynolds, H. Cordes, R. Windt, Miss A.
Wentworth, Miss Tohlman, Si Hall, E. Lon;
deck, H. Washburn, A- Cook, W. K. Owens, C.
A. Renwick, J. Egan, J. McFarland, J. Jaeglmg,
I*. G. Schord, J. Shannon, Austin Kainzee,
Fred Raimer, H. Schwartz, S. A. Clark, D.
Hayes, J. Greer, G. McGowan, 11. Frank.
Miss Cornish, daughter of Judge Cornish of
St. Paul, Minn., is visiting her aunt, Mrs. Paris
Kilburn, at 1117 Taylor street.
THEIR ROMANTIC WEDDING
Ida and Maud Itsell Were Mar
ried by a Justice of the
Peace.
MR. BRETZ FOLLOWED SUIT.
The Double Ceremony Was Unex
pected and on the Spur of the
Moment.
Ida May Ttsell married Seaberry Peter
son and Maud A. Itsell married Clifford J.
Bretz, Tuesday, under circumstances at
once romantic and peculiar. The young
ladies are daughters of Andrew J. Itsell,
vice-principal of the John Swett Grammar
School, a well and favorably known
educator. Both girls are pretty, intelli
gent and well-educated. They are of the
brunette type, with dark, liquid eyes.
Their marriage was a great surprise to
their parents, who reside at 1832 OTarrell
street. Justice Groezinger performed th«
double ceremony in his office in the City
Hall, late Tuesday afternoon.
Mr. Peterson and Miss Itsell, who is just
21, and the eldest of the girls, har 1
been engaued for some time. So they sud
denly took it into their heads to wed, and
they accordingly followed out that line of
action without delay. Mr. Bretz and Miss
Maud went along as witnesses. The sug
gestion was made that a double wedding
might just as well be performed then and
there. A second license was therefore
taken out and Mr. Bretz and Miss Maud
were also married.
"I waa not altogether surprised over the
marriage of May to Mr. Peterson," said the
mother of the girls last night," but I can't
get over the shock that followed the an
nouncement that Maud had done like
wise. It was a grtat surprise to as. Her
father does not know it yet. She i 3 young
and had plenty of time in which to select
a husband. However, they are .married,
and I suppose we must make the best
of it."
Bretz is a son of State Senator Bretz of
Alameda, and Peterson's people, who are
still in ignorance of his marriage, live at
1716 Van Yess avenue.
LIQUOR TRAFFIC ABUSES
Action Taken by the California
State Protective Asso
ciation.
Preambles and Resolutions Sent to
the Police Commissioners for
Consideration.
The California State Protective Associa
tion forwarded a few days ago the follow
ing communication to the Board of Police
Commissioners, which would have been
considered at last night's meeting of the
board if it had not been adjourned out of
respect to the memory of Chief Crowley's
?on:
San Francisco, Feb. 20, 1896.
To the Honorable the Board of Police Commis
sioners of the City and County of San Francinco —
Gentlemen: The undersigned, comprising the
board of trustees of the California State Pro
tective Association, beg leave to submit to the
consideration of your honorable body certain
preambles and resolutions embodying the
policy and general purpose of the association
in behalf of the correction of Certain evils and
abuses in the liquor traffic.
These resolutions whiih we submit to your
honorable body are intended for general appli
cation throughout the State, and are now
transmitted a* an initial step in an enaeavor
to enforce these principles through our organi
zation in every county and municipality in the
State, thereby placing the business of repu
table wholesale and retail merchants beyond
just criticism.
It is to be presumed that your honorable
body has at hand the ready means through
the instrumentality of your police force to
ascertain the places and establishments in
this City whose past methods and present
practices forfeit their right to license privi
leges, but in case our co-operation in this be
half is desired our organization will furnish
you the names of such places as we believe are
umvortny to hold a liquor license by reason of
their abuse of its privileges.
Assuring you of our high esteem and im
plicit confidence in your readiness to rectify
evils when properly brought to your attention,
we beg to remain, yours respectfully,
J. P. Edoff, president; E. R. Lilienthal, vice
presidrnt; J. H. Mundy; William Alfs, treas
urer; Thomas Kirkpatriclc, J. M. Loewe, R. J.
Tausslg, Fred Staude, C. F. A. Last of LO3 An
geles, board of trustees.
Following are the resolutions that ac
companied the communication:
Whereas, It is the purpose of the California
State Protective Association to promote the in
terests of its members by assisting so far as pos
sible in the reasonable and proper regulation
of the liquor traffic, and thereby suppressing
objectionable and obnoxious features incident
thereto, so that the business, property and
vested rights of reputable persons and firms
engaged therein may not be jeopardized; and
whereas, the promiscuous granting of retail
liquor licenses and the abuse of privileges
under those already granted is calculated
to injure the business; and whereas,
this association will not countenance Infrac
tions of reasonable regulations, and requires
all members, unaer penalty of expulsion, to
observe the same, both In letter and in spirit,
where such laws and regulations are accepted
by or not contested in the courts by this associa
tion upon just and legal grounds; and, where
as, in the opinion of this association a proper
and conservative regulation of the granting
and maintenance 1 of licenses is the most im
portant and efficacious method of reform that
can be inaugurated; and, whereas, we regard
the granting or continuance cf retail liquor
licenses to disreputable resorts a reflection
upon tue good name, peace and good order of
every municipality where such places are suf
fered to ex3«=t; therefore be it
~fci«oZw;d, That we hereby petition all muni
cipal, police and other boards having the
granting power in the State of California to
carefully scrutinize every application for a re
tail liquor license in the future, and to insti
tute a thorough inquiry into tne character of
the place and the fitness of the person holding
existing licenses, to the end that in the future
oniy reputable applicants shall receive li
cei.ses, and that all licenses now held by dis
reputable establishments may be revoked.
Resolved, That, the secretary of this associa
tion; be and ne is hereby instructed to fur
nish a copy of this preamble and resolutions,
under the seal of the association, to every gov
erning body and municipal board throughout
the State of California.
J. P. Kdoff, president; K. R. Lilienthal, vice
president; J. H. Mundy; William Alfs, treas
urer: Thomas Kirkpatrick, J. M. Loewe, R. J.
Taussig, Fred Ptaude, G. F. A. Last (Los An
geles)—board of trustees.
Dated San Francisco, Feb. 19, 1896.
CHIEF CROWLEY'S LOSS
His Son Samuel Died Yesterday
After a Lingering
Illness.
The Police Commissioners Adjourned
Last Night Out of Respect to
His Memory.
The Police Commissioners did not do
any business last night. After President
Tobin had called the meeting to order
Commissioner Gunst rose and said: "I
move that the meeting do now adjourn
out of respect to the memory of Chief
Crowley's son." The president declared
the meeting adjourned and that was all.
The heartfelt sympathy of the members
of the Police Department and the public
generally will be extended to Chief Crow
ley and Mrs. Crowley in their sad afflic
tion. Their son Samuel after a lingering
illness died yesterday afternoon in his
thirtieth year. He had been gradually
wasting away and on Monday the Chief
insisted that the attending physicians
should tell him the worst. They reluc
tantly told him that his son could not live
more tnan two days, and so it proved.
"It is hard," the Chief said, "to lose both
our sors. It was bad enough to lose one,
but to have both taken away in their
young manhood is doubly hard to bear."
Tne Chief's younger son, Louis, an am
iable, bright and intellectual young man
educated for the church, died about three
years ago in his twenty-fourth year, and
his loss was a terrible blow to his father
and motlier.
Samuel was born in this City and was a
member of Yerba Buena Lodge of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West. Until a
year or two ago he was a strong robust
young man, but an insidious disease grad
ually undermined his constitution and he
breathed his last shortly after 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon.
The funeral will take place to-morrow.
Mr. Pelton's Request.
J. C. Pelton, the venerable educator, says
that his application to the City Hall Commis
sioners for quarters in the City Hall was mis
construed. He did not ask for living quarters
being already located at Ocean View, but
merely fcr the privilege of deskroom, or an odd
corner in which he might pursue his literary
work, which includes a volume to be entitled
"Sunbeams and Shadows."
• — ■» — •
Private companies in Japan have sub
mitted to the Government plans for over
2000 miles of new railroads.
~-~-~~~^~~-~-~^_^__-_^_^ NEW TO-DAY.
Prices
Burned
Away!
B" 1 .■ ■ ■ .. "
''' ' '
FIRE
if "^V M "^ H
* FIRE
FIRE
The vast bargains of the "Fire Sale,"
I so popular in the Clothing trade, what are
they ?
Just a lot of out-of-date and out-of-sea-
son goods unsalable by any other method
—that's all.
We're having a Sale, but there's no
"fire," "smoke" or "water" feature about
it. It is just a sale of every "ODD SIZE"
and "BROKEN LOT" in our vast Whole-
| sale Department. .
We, Brown Bros. & Co., 121-123 San-
some Street (all blue signs), offer these
high-class goods at Retail at just what
I they COST us, the WHOLESALE
MAKERS. Your saving is enormous. -
FIRE
FIRE
FIRE
L. HEINE WILL NOT STAY.
The 'Cellist Shakes Off the
Dust of the Tivoli
Orchestra.
He Was Replaced by Martens After
Being Told to Go Ahead
and Conduct.
When Adolph Bauer retired from the
Tivoli conductorship the management of
the theater requested Louis Heine, the
well-known local 'cellist, to go ahead and
take his place. Mr. Heine complied, and
as a consequence difficulties have arisen,
which will result in the 'cellist's leaving
San Francisco.
It is asserted by Mr. Heine's friends that
when Adolph Bauer laid down the baton
the position of conductor was formally
offered to the young 'cellist. He accepted,
and C. Gutterson was made 'cellist in His
place, and for two weeks all went well
under his leadership. At the end of that
time Carl Martens of the Tavary Opera
Company intimated to the Tivoli manage
ment his desire to remain in San Fran
cisco. His overtures were accepted and
Louis Heine received an intimation to re
turn to his 'cello.
The friends of the young musician say
that he could not be expected to brook
this setback tamely, and they applaud him
for the course he took in at once notifying
the Tivoli that he would sever all connec
tion with the theater when he laid down
the baton. Mr. Heine himself does not
wish to make any statement for publica
tion at present, but he does not deny that
he was offered the position vacated by
Adolph Bauer, and that when he least ex
pected it, the intimation was given him
| that in two weeks Carl Martens would
take his place.
Mrs. Kreling says she had no idea of
making Louis Heine permanent con
ductor. "We told him to go ahead and
take Mr. Bauer's place," she said, "but he
had substituted for our leaders before and
did not object to returning to the 'cello
when Hirschbach had been away and
came back again. Mr. Martens was at the
Tivoli nine years ago, before he joined
Emma Abbott, and we were naturally
anxious to get him back again."
Louis Heine will conduct at the Tivoli
for the las,t time on Sunday evening. The
last time he plays before his departure
north will probably be at the fiftieth Carr-
Beel oopular concert on Saturday after
noon, when a number of the society ladies
intend to give a reception to the perform
ers after the concert. Louis Heine has ac
cepted the position of conductor with an
opera company which George E. Nash in
tends to take on the road. The tour opens
at Portland, Or., after which the troupe
will tour the Pacific Coast until June.
The future plans of tne 'cellist are not
permanently settled. He may either re
turn to this City or go East at the con
clusion of the tour. His ability as a mu
sician is well established, and local mu
sical circles will feel his loss.
UNCLAIMED PROPERTY.
Seml-Anuual Clean-up of the Property
Clerk's Department.
The semi-annual clean-up of the police
property clerk's department was finished
yesterday and the unclaimed money and
property were handed over by Property
Clerk Cullen to the City Treasurer. The
cash, which was in small sums, amounted
altogether to $274.
Among the articles were a cradle, gaso
line stove, boxing gloves, a pair of crutches
about 100 revolvers of all descriptions a
large quantity of knives, razors and scis
sors, umbrellas, walking canes, jewelry,
watches, clothiner, trinkets and lots of mis
cellaneous things.
FilliSSfllfSl
A Gentleman From That State
Expresses Opinion
About a Leadinsr Californian and
Coast Institution.
TT IS TRUE THAT SOME RWOV THE VTS-
-*- itors to the hospitable ahorrs of this Oolden
State go back to their homes ami vow that Califor-
nia is populated by "jays," "hayserds' and go
forth, but they nre usually actors of inferiortal-
ents or disap-pointrd speculators who have at-
tempted to place some not too sweet-srneliuu
scheme on the market, and have found that the
people who livt- here don't takeall thoy hear for
gospel truth without investigating a little. A crit-
icism of our great nifdicul institutions, of which
we are so rightly proud, has until now not been
pronounced, but it comes with grace from a man
who has tried and therefore knows whereof he
speaks. It is Mr. Frank Minturn who has spoken,
and as he speaks of the Hudson Medical Insti-
tute—indubitably the greatest and finest of itn
nature on this Slope— his remarks are well worth
being reproduced. He writes as follows:
ST. I.OUIB, Mo., Aver. 9, 18U5.
Bndton Afeflicnl finfffrtfr. Am Ti iiiiii tiro. Oil.—
Gkntlkmes: A few months ago I placed myself
under your treatment. M I liftd been a sufferer for
a long time from a complication of diseases that
seemed to successfully resist all treatment. I
must confess that I was at first, skeptical about
plncine myself undtr the carp of physicians thou-
sands of mil«s away, but I had reached a point
wherp something had to be done at once, as I could
neither sleep nor eat, and my whole system seemed
to be completely worn out.
I now desire to express to you my sincere thanks
for the careful, conscientious and successful man-
ner in whVch my case has been treated by you. I
am a very different man to-day, and I have not
felt as well iv five years as I do now. I desire to
say to those who axe suffering from diseases- of
long standing, of whatever nature, that it is my
honest opinion if they will write or apply to ihe
large white building at the corner of Market,
Stockton and Kills streets, San Francisco. I be-
lieve th"y will find the relief that they seek, and
that they will receive the same careful and skillful
treatment that I did at the hands of the Hudson
Medical Institute.
Wishing you continued success in your efforts to
aid suffering humanity, I am, very truly,
FRANK MIN TURN,
St. Louis, Mo.
This is certainly a|very strong indorsement of
the great institution, but it may be frankly stated
that It is no better or more frank than several
hundreds of our people, who say things equally
good week in and week out. From Panoche, Cal.
comes this :
Robert Ashurst Jr. writes: "Have gained six
pounds since commencing treatment. I would not
take $500 to relapse into the state I was in be-
fore."
S. J. Bailey of Weaverville, Cal. : "I will now
state after two months' treatment with you thai I
feel fully restored to health."
K. C. Taft of Stowe. Cal.. says: "I am feeling
fine, without a sign of disease now."
E. W. Fowler: "I am feeling as good now as it
Is possible for a man to feel."
If space permitted, this sort of testimony could
be prolonged Indefinitely. Never a mail comes
but there are many letters expressing thanks and
esteem for what has been done for those who have
placed themselves under the skill of the physicians
of the HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, and it
is now a proverbial saying that "If you want to
get cured QUICKLY and CERTAIXJLY that is
the only place to go."
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder; all
bronchial diseases; all functional nervous dis-
eases: St. Vitus' aance; hysteria: shaking palsy;
epilepsy; all venereal diseases: all kinds of Dlooil
troubles; ulcers; wastes of vita! forces: rheuma-
tism; gout: eczema; all skin diseases, from what-
ever cause arising; psoriasis; all blood-poisoninz;
varicocele: poison oak; lost or impaired manhood;
spinal trouble; nervous exhausiion and prostra-
tion; incipient paresis: all kidney diseases; lum-
bago; sciatica; all bladder troubles: dyspepsia;
indigestion; constitution; all visceral disorders,
which are treated ay the depurating department.
Special instruments fbr bladder troubles.
Circulars and Testimonials of the Great Hudyao
sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and I.llm Sts.
A RARE CHANCE
THIS WEEK ONLY!
700 TEA SETS
Quadruple Plated,
GUARANTEED,
Selling at $3.95.
Regular Price $7.50.
A GREAT BARGAIN!
DON'T MISS IT!
4=PIECE TEA SETS
(Sugar, Creamer,
: Teapiot, Spoonholder),
BEST QUALITY PLATE,
$3.95, Worth $7.50.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
-CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Beale.
Office 813 Folsom Street.
Weak Men and Women
Btxengib to the Se«caJ Or,i»as. *uJA NEW RAILROAD
FRAUD ALLEGED.
Bonds Issued on Securities
That Are Partly
Chimerical.
FRAGMENTS MORTGAGED
Properties That Would Be of
Little Value to the
Mortgagees.
LETTER TO SENATOR SHERMAN
Startling Facts Brought to Light by
John T. Doyle—An Investiga
tion Likely.
One of the most iniquitous practices re
sorted to by C. P. Hu:. .ington and his col
leagues to defraud the people of the coun
try, who Have been induced by fair
promises and gross misrepresentations to
invest in the securities of the companies
comprised in the Southern Pacific Com
pany, has up to the present writing, been
entirely ignored, notwithstanding that
somewhat over $90,000,000 worth of securi
ties are involved.
Attention was first called to this imposi
tion on the financial world in a letter ad
dressed to Senator John Sherman by John
T. Doyle on January 30, IS!'5, in reference
to the funding measure now before Con
press pertaining to the indebtedness of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company to the
Government.
In arguing against the funding bill, Mr.
Doyle wrote as follows:
"If Congress undertakes to taKe title to,
or security on, this Central Pacific road,
without previous judicial ascertainment
and adjudication of the details of prop
erty and its title, it will probably get a road
without terminals, without ferry accommo
dations, without adequate stations or toll
ing stock — a skeleton road ; what has been
epigrammatically described as 'two streaks
of rust and a right of way.'"
In explanation of this broad and peculiar
assertion Mr. Doyle continued as follows:
"It is not generally known that the rail
road business carried on by these parties,
for the past twenty years, has been done,
not for the legitimate profits of transpor
tation, but from those derived from the
issuance and sale of railroad bonds.
"Every piece of property the road be
comes possessed of is Btraiebtway niort
fa^ed for all it will possibly bear, and the
onds taken by the managers themselves,
under the now familiar disguise of a con
struction company. The interest is punc
tually paid (or receipted for) by themselves
to themselves, until by the aid of stock
board manipulations the ownership of the
rities is gradually transferred to the
public in search of investments.
"The ruurigages are usually so arraneed
as to present ilie semblance of a substan
tial security, and yet to afford no real one
to the holder, because the thing mort
gaged is wholly incomplete and unservice
:ne other property which is
mortga to other parties for other debts.
• I !.e Southern Pacific Company as gen
eral le-see can put all the separate parcels
. .c use, but the mortgagees when
they come to foreclose and own the secur
ity will tind they have got but one leg of
a pair of tongs, the other leg of which is
retained by the Southern Pacific Company.
"This peculiar mode of dealing is iamy
iliustrated by the mortgage of the Central
Pacific Railroad to secure one sstof bonds,
and the mortgaging of the terminal
grounds, indispensable to its utility, to
secure another, while the connecting
ferry is a separate property belonging to
neither.
"Similarly the first mortgage of the
Southern Pacific Railroad (April 1, 1875)
nominally covers a single T oad leading
frim San Francisco to tne Colorado River.
Passengers and freight sent overland via
the Southern Pacific road are supposed' to
EaßS .over the mortgaged line and no other,
it tbifl is a delusion, for when the rhort
gage was made the Md was under con
struction and it was built tc sections.
"The section of ll'i miles or so connect
ing the track through the Santa Clara Val
ley with that through the valley of the
."-an Jjaquin (a very difficult piece of
mountain road ana expensive to con
btruot) has never been built and the build
ing of it has been abandoned. Passengers
and freight by the Southern Pacific road
are dependent upon the Central Pacific
road (San Joaquin Valley division) and
other roads for access to San Francisco.
"The bonds of this issue having all been
i off to the public, the managers
have no longer any motive for building
tiie connecting link across the coast range,
and in their latest mortgage (September
15, 1893) covenant to issue no more bonds
under that of 1875, which is equivalent
to a covenant never to complete the orici
nal road described in that mortgage.
These are spt-cimen cases."
In another portion of this communica
tion occurs the following:
"The report of the Pacific Railway Com
mission (vol. X, p.") shows that the net
earnings of the Central Pacific road over
all operating expenses, taxes, interest on
debt and Government requirements — abso
lute clear profits — were as follows:
Down to Dec. 31, 1869 $2,427,533 80
- IO r>ec. 81. 1873 6,575,519 32
1 hence to Jan. 1, 1884 62,536.916 9fl
jn all $61,539,970 11
"The capital 3tock is shown in the same
report to have been entirely 'fictitious and
the whole of the $246,062^65 (the gross re
ceipts from whicii this residuum was de
rived) was wrung from the pioneers of the
Pacific Coast, and chiefly from the people
of California, by excessive charges levied
mainly on local traffic. Honestly applied
it would have extinguished the whole Gov
ernment debt."
In concluding his letter to the Senator
Mr. Doyle wrote:
"Senator Sherman, the people of Cali
fornia have faith in you and trust you,
predisposed to this by their affectionate
admirution for your brother, the general,
who roughed it here with us in early days,
a;!-] whom they proudly reckon as one of
themselves They have been confirmed in
it by their observation of your public
career and the kindly recollections they
cherish of your visits to our State and of
their intercourse with you.
•They are convinced that to extend or
refund this railroad debt will make it a
t.tal loss to the United States and inflict a
dire calamity on them, besides tacitly
Mtnctiouing a series of enormous frauds,
the pardon of which would be disgraceful
to the country. They are equally per
suaded that a study of the case will so con
vince every upright and Impartial mind.
Very many of us rely on you to eive it
such study, and to give us the aid of your
voice and influence to defeat co odious and
oppressive a measure."
Many of the bonds (in the way de
scribe ' ■■ Mr. Doyle) are said to be now
h». ids of trust companies and sav
ing indications, many having been sold at
10 per cent above par.
In view of these facts it is not unlikely
that the committees of etock boards which
list these improperly and inadequately se
cured bonds may institute an inquiry, or
some large holder of these securities may
take action leading to an investigation of
the matter.
FOR $100,000.
That Is the Figure for Which tl»o Young
Men's Christian Association
Reaches.
An appeal has been made by the mem
bers of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion for $100,000 with which to pay for
their new building. In a note to The
Call. Secretary McCoy says that the can
vass for funds with which to pay the
association's indebtedness has so far pro
gressed that it is considered opportune to
make a general appeal to the public. The
appeal is as follows: :-
To tin People of San Francisco: The critical
condition, financially, of the Young Men's
Christian Association of San Francisco, has
recently been so fully set forth In the City pa
pers that the subject' has come to be generally
understood.
The unexampled business depression- which
followed the financial crash of 1893 came on
while the plans for its new building were be
ing carried out, subjecting the management to
embarrassment and disappointment in various
ways — more particularly in th.eir efforts to dis
pose of assets relied upon to meet the increased
obligations incurred. The new home was
completed, but payment being in arrears, it
. has not yet been dedicated, and will not be
until it is entirely free from debt. In order to
effect this, the trustees have made the most
diligent efforts to find a limited number of
public-spirited citizens and business firms
who would agree to give in the aggregate
100,000, no pledge to be binding until this
amount is subscribed.
To endow the institution the sum of $150,
--000 is needed, and it is believed that the pub
lic in general will contribute the balance in
smaller sums. The regular income from rentals
ana membership fees will meet all its current
expenses.
After eight months of strenuous exertion we
have pledged to us $77,500, but to secure it,
according to the conditions named, $22,500
must be promptly added. At this critical
Mrs. McMullin, her Son and, Sitting Opposite to Her, Her Husband, the Principals in a Peculiar Case.
| stage the good work lags. We therefore, while
continuing in the line of effort mentioned,
make this appeal direct to thecommunity, and
would say to each member thereof: Reflect, if
j but for a moment, upon the acknowledged
! merits of the association and the urgency of its
present needs, of which there can be no ques
tion.
The hope and future of any nation, State or
city is in its young men, and freedom from
debt is essential to this orgarization to enable
it to prosecute effectively its treat mission
among the 5(J,0U0 young men of this City. It !
undertakes to promote the physical, intel- \
lectual, social and moral well-being of young
men. thus proving itself one of the most useful i
and important institutions of the age. It. is
non-sectarian, having within its membership
those of the Protestant, Catholic and Hebrew
faiths. Any young man of good character is eli
gible to become a member, and all its appoint
ments and facilities are placed within his
reach at a nominal fee. Probably no place in
the worid needs a work of this kind more than
Ill's City.
We do not believe that the people of San
Francisco will allow a work of so much im
portance, and an institution so broad in spirit,
to la«k the necessary means to extricate itself
from unforeseen and" unavoidable difficulties.
Help us to the extent of your ability. For the
sake of Jesus Christ, in whose nanie and for
whose cause we labor, helu us. For the sake
of a struggling, rising humanity, help us. For
the fair fame and well-being of this great City,
help us.
11. J. McCoy, for the past fourteen years
general secretary of the association, will, at
the request of the trustees, undertake a can
vass to aid in securing the necessary funds to
liquidate the debt. He will have the full co
operation of the board, and they most heartily
commend him to the community.
THE CLAUSSEN MURDER
Arraignment of the Wife-Slayer
in. Judge Joachim sen's
Court.
His Appearance as Callous and In
different as Ever — Result of
the Autopsy.
Nicholas Claussen, the baker who fatally
shot his wife at 12 Everett street on Tues
day afternoon, was arraigned in Judge
Joachic.een's court yesterday on .the
charge of murder. . He was represented
by Attorney Walter Gallagher.
After being instructed as to his rights as
a defendant his preliminary examination
was, at the request of his attorney, fixed
for March 5 in order. to await the decision
of the Coroner's jury.
Claussen showed by his manner that he
was as callous and indifferent as ever. If
he realizes the full extent of his cold
blooded crime his appearance does not in
dicate it. , Acting under the instructions
of his attorn he now declines to ' talk.
The defense will probably be insanity. ,:
The two boys, Willie and Louis, were I
taken from the City Prison yesterday |
morning by their aunt, Mrs. Christensen,
and will find a home with her along with
their sister. &*?'"„ : f?\- ' ''■■■.-. ■• <
Dr. Barrett held an autopsy on the body
of the murdered woman yesterday morn
ing. He found that the wound which
caused death was occasioned by a bullet
that passed through the right arm and
entered the fifth intercostal space one
inch to the left of the left nipple, passing
backward through the heart ana lodging
in the liver. , -. .....
Another bullet entered at a point three
inches to tbe left of the umbilicus, passing
through the abdominal cavity and lodging
under the skin six inches to the right.
The third bullet entered the left armpit
and was found in the spinal column;
The Coroner has not yet fixed the date
for the inquest, but it will likely be held
on Saturday. t .
C ♦ .
Victor Robert of Paris has paid $30,000
for the collection of postage stamps — all
new — of Count Primoli, Princess Mathilde's
nephew. The stamps were valued one by
one: Moldavia's, 11600: Reunions, $1000:
Tuscany, 3 lire, $GQO, and so on. M. Robert
is a famous "timbrophile." il'%% ■
Sifted From the Blood
By the kidneys, impurities pass off harmlessly.
The inactivity of the organs named not only cause
tlicae lmpurltU^ro remain and poison the system,
but also leads to the generation and destruction
of the organs ; themselves., Prevent Brjght'a dis
ease, diabetes, dropsy, crave) and other ailments
which affect tbe kidneys and, bladder with Hostel
ler's Stomach Bitters, which likewise overcomes
malarial, dyspeptic, bilious, nervous and rheum
atic cuoiplalcta.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
HIS FATHER A STRANGER
Peculiar Position of Young La
tham McMullin of This
City.
SEQUEL TO A SEPARATION.
Mrs. Virginia McMullin Is Suing for a
Large Sum for Her Main
tenance.
For nearly twenty years Latham Mc-
Mullin has lived in this City and yet he
has never known his father, who has been
here at the same time. McMullin sepa
rated from his wife in 1877 and since then
no communication has pasaed between
them.
Mrs. McMullin is now suing for main
tenance. After a lapse of nineteen years
she wishes her husband to pay her $350 a
month alimony and $4200 for the twelve
months preceding the filing of her suit.
She alleges desertion on the part of the
defendant, but she does not ask for a
divorce, for she says she is opposed to
divorces on religious grounds. The suit
was on trial before Judge Seawell yester
day.
Virginia McMullin, the plaintiff, was
! the first witness called. She said her hus
| band, Thurlow McMullin, was a traveling
agent for Tilliuann, Bendel & Co., ana was
earning $425 a month. They were mar
ried in 1871. For two years they lived
together and then trouble began. She
said he stayed away from home 170 nights,
and finally when he sent her a note one
evening saying he would not be home to
dinner, she sent him this answer:
Mr. Thurlow McMullin: Stay where you are,
if it will keep me from ever seeing you again.
To-morrow 1 take steps 'or a divorce.
Virginia McMullin.
This letter was the beginning of the end.
McMullin left his wife soon after and since
then he has not seen her. For six months
the child which had been born to them
was taken to its father regularly once a
week, but after six months had passed the
mother put a stop to the visits of the child,
and from that time the husband ceased to
pay her Dills.
While on the stand Mrs. McMullin said
j she had not seen her husband since they
parted. She has been in the City since
then and so has he, but she has never seen
him ; nor did she know him when he con
fronted her in court. Her son Latham was
in a similar state. He had never seen his
father to recognize him, and when he took
tbe stand he denied knowing him. He was
| asked if he had met his father, and he said
"no." Then he was asked if he knew his
j father, and again he said "no." Then he
was asked to point out his father in the
courtroom, and though in his glance
around his eyes met those of his parent, he
could not indicate the man. Then for the
first time his lather was pointed out to
him. He was asked if he knew who the
man was and for the third time he said
The Witness denied that his mother had
ever attempted to poison bis mind against
his father. He said that his mother had
always providod for him and his father
had done nothing, so he did not have any
interest in his father at all.
Thurlow McMullin's testimony was
peculiar. He said he had left his wife De
cause he believed she desired it. Once
since he had written to her asking her to
live with him as his wife again, but she
refused. He said he had often gone down
to Baker & Hamilton's store, where his
son works, and nad inquired about his
child. He kept track of the boy, but never
spoke to him. His life is insured for
$5000 in favor of his wife and child. He
said he earns $425 a month, and from that
he must pay his traveling expenses.
What property he has is unproductive, and
he has to pay interest on a $10,000 mort
gage on some land he owns in Fresno
County.
When the testimony for the plaintiff
was all in Charles S. Wheeler, counsel for
defendant, moved for a nonsuit, but
Judge Beawell was unwilling to grant it
offhand, so the case will continue to-day.
DEFENDING THE CHARTER.
The Merchants' Association Dis
pute the Ground Taken by
J. M. Reynolds.
The Constitution Regarding Two
Boards of Supervisors for
Cities Amended.
"The supposed defect discovered by
John M. Reynolds in the proposed new
charter," said J. Richard Freud, secretary
of the Merchants' Association, yesterday,
"is really no defect at all."
The Merchants' Association is among
the strongest advocates of the new charter
and its secretary, speaking of the criti
cisms of Mr. Reynolds, said that the
clause to which exception had been taken
had no real existence, but had been
amended out of the proposed charter.
Mr, Freud then cited the section in ques
tion, which reads as follows:
Section 7, Article Xl.— City and county gov
ernments may be merged and consolidated
into one municipal government with one set ot
officers, and may be incorporated under gen
eral laws providing for the incorporation and
organization x»f corporations for municipal
l>iirj«oseii. The provisions of this constitution
applicable to cities, and also those applicable
to counties, so far as not inconsistent or pro
hibited to cities, shall be applicable to such
consolidated government. J
Continuing Mr. Freud said: "Mr. Rey
nolds' entire argument therefore falls to
the ground. The premises being incorrect
the conclusions drawn are necessarily so.
The advocates of the new charter simply
ask that those who would criticize it would
do so fairly and with a strict regard to its
merits.
"The charter as proposed for this City is
by no means perfect. No hun.au work is
infallible. It is, however, such a vast im
provement upon the present unsatisfactory
method of government in this City that it
is idle for any one of intelligence to say
that it is drafted In the interest of corpora
tions.
"Section 8 of the constitution was
amended by the Legislature in the session
of 1890, and adopted by the people at the
election in November, 1892. Thus it will be
plainly seen that Mr. Reynolds is in error
regarding the charter and the law bearing
on its being brought into operation, pro
vided the people see lit to adopt, it."
Mr. Reynolds' interview in The Call
yesterday has brought out the following
strong letter from Charles Wesley Reed :
The Call this morning prints an interview
with John M. Reynolds in whioh he announces
his hostility to the new charter; states that he
has been looking for a fatal defect in it, and
declares that his search has been rewarded.
He finds that the new charter has provided for
only one Boara ot Supervisors, while the con
stitution requires that there shall be two. "It
seems incredible," says Mr. Reynolds, "that a
board of freeholders composed of intelligent,
thinking men, some of them attorneys, should
have made such a mistake."
It is indeed incredible. It is a pity that it is
not equally incredible that the opponents of
the charter should make ridiculous and un
founded statements of what the new charter
contains, and what the effect of its adoption
will be.
In 1894 the people of the State of California
adopted an amendment to section 7, article XI
of the constitution, by which all that portion
of the section relating to two houses of legisla
tion in consolidated cities and counties was
omitted, leaving to such municipalities the
power to have one, two, or hall a dozen houses
of legislation, as they might elect.
Section 7 of article XI of the constitution
(amended in 1494) is as fjllows:
City and county governments may be consoli-
dated and merged into one municipal government
with one set of officers and may be incorporated
under general laws providing for the Incorporation
and organization of corporations for municipal
purposes. The provisions of this constitution ap
plicable to cities, unit also those applicable to coun
ties, so fur as not Inconsistent nor prohibited to
cities, shall be applicable to such municipal gov
ernment. . , /i,: ■■
If the prominent attorneys mentioned by
Mr. Reynolds gave him the advice he claims
they dia, they, as well as he, must bear the
responsibility of making unreliable and care
less statements regarding the new charter to
create an unfounded prejudice against that
instrument.
From now on one may expect the opponents
of the new charter to bring up every argument
at their command to secure its rejection, but it
is safe to say that if they would spend a small
portion oi tUe time in searching for its good
points which they now spend in the discovery
of defects, which exist only in their own im
agination, the new charter would have suffi
cient friends to make its adoption by a large
majority certain.
The reason that Mr. Reynolds assigns for his
industry in searching for defects in the new
charter which do not exist is that "it puts too
much power in the hands of one man— the
Mayor." That of course is the one great rea
son that the enemies of the new charter give
for tneir opposition. The supreme test in the
I'nited States of the wisdom and Americanism
of any constitution or charter is the constitu
tion of the United States. That instrument
provides ftir the concentration of all executive
authority in the United States Government in
the hands of one man. The practical Buccess
of the Government provided by the constitu
tion is the just pride ot every American. The
new charter is an approach toward the consti
tution from the miserable irresponsibility and
inefficiency of our present Consolidation Act.
It does not, however, attain to the standard
net by the American constitution. It dyes not
go lar enough in concentrating executive
authority to satisry the requirements of a good
constitution, measured by that instrument in
which all tnat is American lives and moves
and hae its being-.
Until the constitution is changed by the
people, all the officers who are at present
elective will continue to be elective except the
City and County Attorney, the Superintendent
of Streets and the City and County Surveyor.
Certain officers, who are now appointed by the
Governor or hold for life, will be appointed by
the Mayor. The wildest opponents of the new
charter admit that now the Mayor, has too
littio power— that he la little more than a
ih-'urehead. The power that ho has under the
new charter will hardly bo any greater until
the people vote to change the constitution.
Surely the people have a rirht to the form of
government that they desirp, but until they
will have manifested that desire by amending
the constitution the ' Mayor, under the new
charter, will not have r greater addition of
power than the most conservative and cautious
man would deem necessary for the successful
management of affuirs.
A DINNER BY LUIGI.
The Prince Entertains Officers of the
Colombo and Other Friends at
the Palace.
Prince Luiei of Savoy last night gave a
dinner to the officers of the Cristoforo
Colombo and other guests at the Palace
Hotel. It was a swell affair. The tables
were arranged in the form of a hollow
square, potted palms being artistically ar
ranged in the center. At one end, juat
over the Italian prince, was the flag of his
native land, and at the other was the
American fag.
Among the guests aside from the officers
of the Colombo were the following: Horace
Platt, General Forsyth, James L>. Pnelan
Lieutenant J. F. I). Sandis, John P.
Fugazzi, John Craig, Hugh Craig, presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce, Count
Cerri and the Italian Consul.
There were a number of handsome floral
decorations. The room looked very beati
ful. 1 here were a number of speeches all
by the Italians being in the Italian lan
guage. When the Prince arose to speak
everybody else arose and remained Btand
ing till he had finished. Count Cerri
made a brief address.
WILL GET THEIR MONEY
Teachers Will Be Paid Back Salary
for October Last on
March 5.
On the sth of next month the teachers
wno were deprived of one-fourth of their
salaries in October last in order to tide
the Board of Education over the finan
cial difficulties of the last fiscal year will
be gladdened by receiving their long
delayed money." The apportionment of
school money for the present year was
larger than usual and the Directors see no
difficulty In sparing the $18,000 necessary
to work up the deficiency. The money
will be paid at the same time the Febru
ary warrants are given out.
• — ♦ — ♦ 1
El. Reposo Perfectos arrived yesterday.
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. •
ONE YEAR OF THE S. P.
That Corporation's Report for
Twelve Months Up to
Last June.
SOME SIGNIFICANT FIGTJBES.
Statements Furnished by the Company
Regarding Its Annual Earnings
and Expenses.
The annual report of the Southern
Pacific Company for the year ending June
30, 1895, was presented to the Board of
Railroad Commissioners at the board's
monthly meeting yesterday. It was ac
companied by a letter from Mr. Klink,
acting secretary of the company, who
made apologies for the delay in not filing
the report earlier. The excuse was that
owing to the iliness and death of Secretary
Lansing the report could not have been
prepared at an earlier date.
The report begins with the statement
,that the Southern Pacific Company was
i organized March 17, 1884, under the laws
tof the State of Kentucky. The charter
wa9 approved March 17, 1884, and again
on March 21, 1888. The directors live in
New York and in San Francisco, but none
in Kentucky. At the last election of di
rectors there were 162 stockholders in the
corporation. ■
The lines in the system include tne
Southern Pacific in California, Southern
Pacific in Arizona and New Mexico, the
South Pacific Coast Railway (narrow
gauge), Northern Railway, Northern Cali
fornia Railway, California Pacific, Union
Pacific (five miles west of Ogden), Central
Pacific, Oregon and California Railway
and Northern Railway, aggregating 4874.81
miles.
Notwithstanding the fact that officials
of the company have at various times
! stated the Southern Pacific owned and
! operated a coal mine up north, it is writ
i ten in the report that the company owns
no mine that would affect the general bal
ance sheet.
The capital stock consists of 1,500,000
shares — par value $100 each. The total
amount issued and outstanding is $120,
--934,170, of which $1,000,000 is represented
I by shares issued for cash, the balance
having been given for stock of railway
companies.
The income account for the Atlantic and
Pacific systems of the Southern Pacific
shows gross earning from operation, $35,
--847,810 36; operating expenses, $23,797,
--596 24. Dividends on stock and interest
on bonds are aided. Then deductions are
made to cover interest on funded debt
I accrued, on interest-bearing current lia
bilities accrued, rents, taxes, permanent
improvements and "other deductions."
The total gross earnings from operation
are stated at $31,245,143 89, made up as
follows: Total freight earnings, $19,187,
--454 08; total passenger earnings, $11,021,
--129 62; total other earnings, $1,036,560 19.
In the long list of stocks owned appears
the Northern California Railway, par
value $1,280,000, valuation $10. The total
valuation of stocks aggregates $123,260,
--j 900 16. The list of bond's owned is much
| lighter, footing up $2,621,378 38.
Then follow particular^' of rentals re
! ceived, operating expenses and rentals
paid.
Unfler the head of, "important changes
during the year" are only noted: "Steam
ship bonds redeemed, $143,000," and "ma
terials and supplies acquired in the opera
tion of the Central Pacific Railroad
transferred to the ownership of that com
pany."
Touching "contracts, agreements, etc.,"
appear these significant notes: "Rates for
mails are fixed by the United States Gov
ernment on the Southern Pacific; these
rates are subject to the terms of the sev
eral acts of Congress granting aid for the
construction of said railroad." Regarding
other contracts, "the Central Pacific Rail
road, the Southern Pacific Railroad and
the Oregon and California Railroad each
received aid in its construction from the
United States and are subject to the r.cts
granting such aid and to certain restric
tions and conditions regarding the trans
portation of freight, passengers and mails.
These acts of Congress constitute contracts
between the railroads and the United
States."
Then follow tabulated, statements on
"security for funded debt"; employes and
salary (15,134, paid $12,333,746 77, ' inclu
ding the pay of 83 officers); passenger,
freight and train mileage; freight traffic
movement; mileage; renewal of rails and
ties.
Tbe list of "accidents to persons" com
prises: Deaths 128, 31 being employes and
:97 passengers and "others" ; injuries 695,
507 being employes and 188 passengers
and "others." Of the pussengers and
others killed 84 were trespassers and 13
not trespassers.
POOLROOMS STILL OPEN
A Point in Judge Wallace's De
cision Taken Advant
age Of.
The ! Police Have a Different Opinion
and Two Arrests Were Made
Yesterday.
, An arrangement having been made that
the pool-sellers arrested for violating the
pool ordinance would abide by the decision
ol Judge Wallace, which was against them,
they appeared in the Police Courts yester
day and entered a plea of guilty. : [
In Judge Joachimsen's court there were
J. Calisher, ' two charges; John D. Bow
man, Francis M. Gagin, Herman Pfungst,
■two charges; Henry Corbett, James Mc-
: Cann, A. Levy, C. Kingsley, W. Jackman,
W. Lawrence, F. Ward alias Patterson, C.
J. O'Dennell, two charges; G. F. Tuttle,
D. F. Herbert and Gilbert Blodes. ~7
The contingent in Judge Low's court was
composed of T. W. Lee, W. Ritemire, W.
J. Fitzgerald, Thomas W. McQuade, M.
Levy, 0. J. O'Donnell and J. L. Belzet.
The two "Judges held a conference and
decided to consider the penalty to be im
posed between now and Monday, when
sentence would be pronounced.
The pool. sellers have commenced opera
tions again in , view of Judge ■ Wallace's
decision, . which ;in effect said * that - the
money must be bet at the track where the
horses were running. The poolrooms are
now kept open till 1:30 p. m., ana then the
money is taken out to the track and bet.
This they think is -; in ; keeping with the
decision. r :l-'
; The police think differently," and yester
day Levy Schwartz, son -of ' Henry
Schwartz, whose rooms are in the rear of
the Stock Exchange, and William Hicks,
25 ? Leide9dorff; street, i were arrested on
warrants - for violating the ordinance.
They, gave cash bail and were released.
Every poolroom proprietor who, keeps his
place open will be arrested. ■
• % .<!.: ■.; ;■ - . ■!■ • — * — ' '" ; — "' ,"'. -, ;' i .•■
Some of the Armenian monasteries claim
to have pieces of the identical ark in which
Noah; landed upon the mountain, . and
there is a ravine near it which is pointed
out as the site of ; Noah's vineyard. The
vineyard has a monastery connected with
it, and the monks show a withered old vine
which | they assert •is the very one from
which was made the wine which made
Noah drunk. • , - .'-'g&gXh
NEW TO-DAT.
mdnyonT"
rheumatism
CURE.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harmless and a strong
tonic in building up the weak and de- j
Diiitated. It cures acute or muscular
rheumatism in from one to five days.
Sharp, snooting pains in any part of the i
body stopped by a few closes. A prompt, j
complete and permanent cure for lame- j
ness, stiff back and all pains in hips and j
loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, him- I
baKO or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably I
cures before one bottle has been used, j
Price 25c.
.Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure is guaranteed
to cure all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1. .
Ask your druggist for free copy of Mun-
yon's Guide to Health, and treat yourself
at home with harmless remedies that con-
tain positive cures for all diseases. Sola
by all druggists, mostly 25 cents a bottle. ■
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
PAPER
HANGINGS
INTERIOR.
, DECORATING.
TTTE ARE NOW PREPARED TO ,
WE ARE the largest and most .
Dhow the largest and most
' " elegant stock of
WALL PAPER
ever offered in the city, comprising
the " Choice Things " of the leading
manufactories.
With our large force of skilled
■workmen we are prepared to execute
any orders for •
DECORATING AND PAPERING^
In the Latest Style and at the
■ LOWEST PRICES
* Q. W.CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
ifiUEn pg Hklm OT sfuk S9B f@ kL
s^^^^^ ■ Quickly, Thoroughly,
.^ t£s£t -Forever Cured.
m J^i""^ \i Four out of rive who
m "S^vJ fc \ .^ suffer .nervousness, ■
if ll ;SpJ A ji mental worry, attacks !
» X. e^Ssfefl JJ of " the blues," are but j
V /S^Tl"^^ J> V If Paying the penalty of
Vja^^^fe^ early excesaeg> V ic-
%^-^^^^r tims, reclaim your
m manhood, regain your j
vigor. Don't despair. Send for book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N. Y.
ABSOLUTELY CTTRBB. OIwTfVjENT
*b. iimpl* application of "Ewtm'i Onmnirr" »itho«»
any intern*! medicine, will cure ut cue of Tetter, Sal*
Rheum. Rinrworm. Pile«.lt<h, Som, P)mple«. Krrii
BO matter how cbttinate cr long rtzndine. S»M br drueiri.ta.
cr lent br mmU for 50 et». 3 Boxe., fI.JS * Sdr.~w Dm!
QVAiiia * Boa, PhilKielrtua, fa. iii yaw drufciJl Mr U*
i
Test II any "j* -
way you like /|\
Measurelt-CRwit
and you will find
piece of HOOD tobacco
ever sold for to cents
k DON'T BORROW TROUBLE." BUY '
SAPOLIO
'TIS CHEAPER IN THE END.
NEWTOjDAT.
Sole Agents for the
MAGGIONI KID GLOVES.
WE OFFER THIS WEEK AT OUR
ANNUAL SALE
Over 20,000 Pieces of
Muslin Underwear
COMPRISING
Gowns,
Skirts,
Chemises,
Drawers and
Corset Covers
AT PRICES NEVER
BEFORE HEARD OF.
We only ask an inspection— the price
and quality are bound to be irresistible.
NIGHT GOWNS,
At 65c, 75c, Bf>c, $1, $1 35, |1 65 to $4 50
each. Less than coat to manufacture.
SKIRTS
At 50c, 75c, 90c, *1 15, ?1 35, $1 50, $1 90
to $4 75 each. The material alone can-
not be purchased for the price.
CHEMISES
At 50c, 65c, 75c, 85c, $1, $1 25 to $1 90
each. Away below regular prices.
DRAWERS
At 25c, 35c, 40c, 45c, 65c, 75c, 85c, $1 to
$3 a pair. This is about half price.
CORSET COVERS
At 25c, 50c, 70c, 75c. 05c, $1, $1 15 to
$1 50 each. Worth twice as much.
Our regular patrons cannot afford
to miss this opportunity.
NEWMAN TLEVINSON,
125, 127, 129, 131 KearnySt.
Branch Store 743 and 744 Market St.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Rruiaei,
Sprains. Stiff Joints and Swellings.
IT STOPS ALL I>AIN\
ALL DRUGOI3T3 SELL, IT.
50 CENTS AND «tl A BOTTLE.
910
ROMAN CHURCH
AND CIVIL POWER.
Donald M. Ross Cites Author
ities on a Third Propo
sition.
THE TALK GETS WARMER
Doors Will Be Thrown Open
To-Night and the Books
Presented.
WILL FIGHT TO THE DEATH.;
The Preacher Says He Has Made Dis
coveries That Will Keep Him
in Combative Mood.
Rev. Donald M. Ross undertook at Met
ropolitan Temrue last evening to prove the \
third of the four propositions which he ai- j
firmed to be a part of the faith-doctrine of
the Catholic Church, and which are de
nied by Rev. P. C. Yorke. The proposition
was that "the Roman church has the
right to exercise its authority without any
limit set to it by the civil powers."
It was announced that to-morrow night
the doors would be thrown open and the !
public invited without cost. Further, that
the books from which the citations have
been made by Mr. Ross, and which cita
tions are charged by Father Yorke to be i
forgeries, will be produced for the examin- i
ation of any and all.
Major E. H. Sherman whom Rev. Mr.
Boaß has selected as the lawyer to judge in
his behalf upon the authorities presented,
madca short address reaffirming his state
raenta concerning the hanging of deserters
found righting against the United States ]
at Cherubusco and all of whom he de
clared were Irish Catholics, one of whom
wore a Catholic medal.
Previous to the entrance of Mr. Ross,
G. A. Hubbell stated the conditions of the
contest — that Father Yorke had issued a l
challenge ; Rev. Mr. Ross, being a brave :
man and confident of his premises, had ac- ;
cepted. and now Peter 0. Yorke had in
cowardly fashion taken to the woods.
Tne entrance of Mr. Ross was greeted ;
with prolonged applause, and he entered '
directly upon his task, addressed to the
proposition cited. At its conclusion he '
said: "Now 1 shall piy my respects to Pc- ]
ter C. YorKe." This called forth more
sustained applause.
•'ln the morning papers/ he said, "you
will find some poetry over the signature of
l'eter C. Yorke." [Laughter.]
"I shall not refer to that. But in the
■creed above the poetry you will have
noticed that I am called a liar and a
forger. I am glad he has fallen to the
weak argument of cailin^ names. But I
am not a liar nor a forgot; If I were
there is a law whereby 1 might and should !
Le punist.ed. lam not afraid of that law. ■
The court in this case — the lawyers ap
pointed to judge of this issue— have* seen
all my authorities — the books themselves — j
and they have been amazed an how abso- j
lutely honest I have been in giving the '
full text covering the subject and not a ,
mere disjointed paragraph.
'I have quoted from none but recog
nized textbooks with the stamp of ap- :
proval of the Catholic church. I will have
then textbooks here ta-morrow. Nay,
more. We shall throw our doors open and ;
invite an}- who will to corn* ana examine j
them.
•'This Roman church and Peter C. Yorke i
have occasioned, in this matter of accept- |
ing and fulfilling my obligation in accept- |
ing this challenge, "an expense of about !
fGOQ. Peter C. Yorke has, by way of an- ■
swering my arguments Dresented here, i
called me a liar and a forcer. The infamy
of that man I neve r expect to meet in a
human being. How dare he call me a liar
when he has not looked into the textbooks
I quote?
•I hope if there be a Roman Catholic
in the audience to-njorrow night he will
examine tftein if he does not demand that
Peter Yorke do so. 1 believe in tne
solemnity of an oath, and 1 am willing to
take my oath to the correctness of my
quotations. My difficulty has not been to
secure authorities but to choose between
them. The books are full of them, and
especially on tne lirst night I had more
than I could read. Mr. Yorke could have
seen my authorities had he desired to do
so. Now, here is one on this marriage ques- |
tion that is absolutely appalling. It is from a
treatise on matrimony by Right Rev. Dr. A mat,
Bishop of Monterey, Cal., pace 2t>:
••Nor can any Christian at any time under
any pretext whatever apply to any civil
magistrate or any court whatever for a divorce
of a marriage, validly contracted, for the pur
pose of marrying another, or avail himself of a
divorce previously obtained to get married
ajjain to another. The only exception that
ciists iii thib respect is the one mentioned
above by . v t. Paul in lavor of the Christian
faith when marriage has been contracted by
two inndels or un baptized persons and one of
them after marriage embraces_Lhe Christian
faith: if the unbeliever abandons him or will
not live peaceably with the new convert, this
remains free from the first tie and can get
married to another."
My <Fodl what <iocs that mean to except?
If I wish to leave my wife to-morrow 1 have
only to join the Catholic church. It means,
tt.«.-eiore, that now and hitherto I have been
living with her in sin. What an easy way of
getting rid of one wife and of getting another.
Much interest is being manifested now in
just such a case in Canada. It is the first de
cree ot divorce ever recognized by the Catholic
Church. It is granted to John Keith on the
ground of adultery on the part of the wife,
who was a Protestant. Ah, they are bad peo
ple over there. But it happens to bo the
birthplace of Bishop Riordan. 1 believe he
would like to be there just now. And by the
way, I would like to know when and where he
took out his lirst papers. When he was made
Bishop, previous to assuming charge of the
property of the church in the aiocese, he made
uatti that he was an American citizen. I
would liice to know when he became such.
I assure you thai it is no pleasure for me to
perform this work that Peter C. Yorke has
lorced on me. Hut since I have entered upon
it, and alter having found out the things that
1 have found out concerning this church in
the course of my investigations, I assure you
that it is wnr to ihe death.
1 give them notice to-aipht that I shall fight
unlit my death. lam not afraid of them, aiid
a man might as well die with his boots on as
any other way.
If ever a man has been favored by fate — or
whatever it might be called— l am that man in
this matter. Some weeks ago 1 sent to Berlin
for an authority on this proposition. I have
lelt as V> ellington is said to have felt at Water
loo praying for Blucher to come up. My'
Blucber arrived to-day. *
la this morning's Call I am charged by
l'eter C. Yorke directly with a forgery of the
syllabus wherein I quote it as saying :
•'ln a case of conflict between the ecclesiasti
cal aud civil powers the ecclesiastical ought to
prevail."
Peter Yorke draws upon me what he calls
the deadly parallel and gives as the reading of
ihe original syllabus the following:
"In a conflict between the two powers the
civil law prevails."
Had I not received this book I would have
had some difficulty in answering with author
ity this statement of my adversary. Hut it
came to hand, as I say, to-day. It is a trans
lation not only of the syllabus authorized by
the Pope, bin a translation of the meaning of
the Pope in his denials ol certain propositions.
Hera is the German for it:
'In conflicte dor gazetze belder gewalten
gt-'hi, nicht dass weltlicke sacht vor."
The English of this is: "In conflict of the
laws oi both, the civil law does not prevail."
Does not that settle it?
Now I am free of the whole world— perfectly
just and fair to this man who never new fair
ness. lam not afraid of him— am not afraid
i
of the world in the speaking of what I know to
be the truth.
The address was as follows:
Your Honor, Ladies and Gentlemen: I shall j
attempt this evening to prove that the Roman
Catholic church claims to have the right to ex
ercise its authority without any limit set to it •
by the civil powers. You will find this is the
first proposition which Father Yorke denies
and which he asserts 1 CRnnot find in Catholic
publications to be the teaching and dogma of ;
the Roman Catholic church.
Let it be definitely understood to-night
again, as it was last night, that I am not as-
Berlins or attempting to prove that the Roman '
Catholic church is wrong in claiming to have
the right to exercise its authority without any
limit set to it by civil powers.
In that textbook on marriage which bears
upon its iace the nihil obstat of the censor
(U-putatus of the prouagauda in Rome we find j
these words:
'•This is why St. Thomas calls it (marriage) a
spiritual contract; and from this it follows
that the secular power, which can annul other i
perfectly valid contracts, and supplement
under certain conditions the consent of the I
contractors, can do nothing and shall never
be able to do any such thing when it is a ques- ,
tion of marriage." Marriage 91.
Here the Roman Catholic church asserts and
claims that in the realm of marriage, which is
world wide and falls within the boundaries of
every Government, the civil powers can do ,
nothing and shall never be able to do anything
effecting legislation on marriage. If that is
nut an assertion that the church has the right
to exercise its authority without uny limit set
to it by any government on earth, I do not
understand language.
In "Elements of Ecclesiastical Law" we find
under the title of "Rights of the parish priests
in regard to sacraments of matrimony" the |
following: "Whenever the Tridantine l)ecree
Tarnetsi is published, marriage, in order 10 be
valid, must be contracted in the presence of
the priest who is in the parish in which one or
both of the parties live.'"
"The Holy Council of Trent, session 24, en
joined that marriages on pain of their in
validity, are to be celebrated in the presence j
of the parish priest and two or three wit
nesses."
Here again we have in the plainest terms
the Roman Catholic church claiming absolute :
right over the question of matrimony.
Father Schouppe says in a work which he
published on religious instruction and which °
is also authoritative:
"The church," says Pius IX, "is a real and j
perfect society, entirely free, enjoying the dis- I
linctiye perpetual rights which were conferred i
upon it by its divine founder."
When an organizanon claims to be perfect ;
within itself aud to be entirely free from every i
other jurisdiction, it lays claim to the right to \
exercise its authority without any limit set to !
it from without.
In Bronson's review we read:
"At bottom, then, the question is simply a |
question of the rights and prerogatives of the
spiritual order in the face ot the temporal, i
That order we have found to be by its own |
nature independent and supreme. Every i
Christian, every moralist, every man does and !
must concede it, however by so doing he may j
reflect on bis own practice. If, then, that order
be presented on earth In its plenitude by the ,
Pope, lie must necessarily be independent and
supreme in face of the representatives of the :
temporal order ;tthat is, in face of the secular j
authority, the prince or the state."
Here the writer says that the church is inde- i
pendent and supreme, and goes on with a
claim to assert that every Christian and every '
moralist and every man does and must con
cede it.
Cardinal Manning says:
"The Catholic Church is the highest and
final judge of what is the faith aud what is the i
law of God, and when science and politics I
come into conflict with the faith and the law |
it admits of no appeal from its own decision to i
any tribunal out of itself, to any judge of ap- j
peal in the past or in the future."
What is the meaning of the language? It j
admits of no appeal from its own jurisdiction j
to any tribunal.
Am'at, late Bishop of Monterey, a good au
thofity on the Pacific Coast, a man having a
local Habitation and name among us, says:
"The church of her own authority— that is to
say, independently of any civil power or magis
trate, but only by virtue of the power she re
ceived from her divine founder— can enact !
laws concerning Christian marriages, regulat
ing their contract and attesting tneir lawful
ness and validity, which no other laws can do,
by whatever magistrate or authority they may !|
be enacted, unless approved and sanctioned
by the same."
Here the assertion is made that the church
independently oi any civil powor can enact
laws. Is not" that exercising the right of
authority without any limit set to it ?
"In any question as'to the competence of the
two powers either there must be some iudgo to :
decide what does and what does not fail with- !
in their respective sphere or they are delivered
ovor to perpetual doubt and toperjetual con
flic.. • • • But if the church be certain
with a divine certainty as to the limits of its
jurisdiction Its voice in such matters isfinaL.
Bui an authority that can al'no define the
limits of its own office is absolute because it
depends on none, and infallible because it
knows with a divine certainty the faith which
it has received in charge."
What is the meaning of the words? Its voice i
in such matters is final. If it does not convey !
to the mind of every man the idea that that j
organization claims to be independent of any '
and every tribunal on earth then it means '
ucthinjt. *
Father Schouppe says in his work on religious
instruction:
"Since the power of the church is divine it ■
follows;
"That it is of an order which is superior to '
all human power.
'That it is distinct from, though not opposed j
to, civil authority, of wnich it is entirely in- ;
dependent."
Here tne teaching of the church is that it is
entirely independent of civil authority. Any i
organization, let it be church or let itbenatiori, i
whlcn claims to be entirely independent of all j
other authority, must claim the right to exer- j
cisc its own authority without any limitation
whatever.
In "Elements of Ecclesiastical Law" we
read:
'Civil laws derive all their force, so far as
they are applicable to ecclesiastical matters, !
solely from the authority of the church."
"The church is secondly a perfect and in- ',
dependent society. * * * A society is inde
pendent when it is not subject to the authority
of any other society. • • • The church, there
fore, is not subject to civil authority, but en
tirely independent of it."
Here we learn that the canon law of th°
church holds that the church is independen !
of the state. Americans ought to know the
line of independence, and an American knows
by the word independence is meßnt none
other than that the organization claiming it
exercises its authority without any limit.
"No other power (but the Pope), whether
civil or ecclesiastical, can dispense with or re
peal in part the universal law of the church.
Not the civil power as is evident."
Here again the teaching and practice of tno
church are that no power whatsoever can
touch or invalidate or affect the law of the
church.
In the postulation drawn up by Archbishop
Spauldlng during the Vatican Council of 1870
we find these deiinitions:
"That no appeal from the Sovereign Pontiff
Is lawful.
"That every Christian is bound to give these
decisions interior assent and not merely re
spectful silence.
"That these decisions of the Pope are not
less sovereign in the declaration of dogmatic
laets than in determination of pureiy doctrinal
questions."
When a society or law-making body claims
that no appeal can be had from it, does it not
claim the right to exercise its authority with
out any limit set to it by the civil powers?
In the "Elements of Ecclesiastical Law,"
which by the way is the textbook on canon
law used in Archbishop Riordan's courthouse
when trials of priests, nuns or laymen are
there held, we read:
"Civil society has no jurisdiction in matters
which relate primarily and directly to the pri
vate utility cf the faithful, taken individually."
Here the assertion is made that in matters
involving even persons within the circle and
circumference of the churcn the civil law
cannot enter, and if the civil law cannot enter
there the church claims the right of unlimited
authority within that circle.
1 am gome to read to you a number of very
Important citations from the great Cardinal
Manning. And, by the way, let me turn aside
for a moment here to remark that when a
Protestant layman or clergyman passes over
into the Catholic church he is quoted in that
church and looked upon in that church as a
great and good man and shining light. But
when a priest dares to change from the com
munion of the Catholic church to that of the
Protestant church he is looked upon as a sort
of soiled dove. A Newman ana a Manning
may go over to the Catholic church and we do
not assert that they are soiled and degraded
because they see fit to chanpe 'heir minds, ana
even change the vow they made to the com
munion in which they then believed. But
when a priest of the Catholic church lite
Father Chiniquy or Father HyaHnthe or Dr.
Vanolli. who has but the other day come out
not only frem the priesthood but from the
Propaganda in Rome, and who is now in
New 'iork— when a priest leaves the Catholic
church we believe he is as pure a man, as hon
orable a man, as unsoiled a man as when he
was in that communion. And when the priests
of the Catholic church blackguard and vilify
and calumniate every priest who comes out o"f
the Catholic church we believe that the dirt is
left behind in th<; Catholic church.
If a Luther comes out ot the church every
catechism will teach that Luther is a fallen
man.
"The church claims to be the sole (because
divinely appointed) judge of the sphere of its
own spiritual office, authority and jurisdic
tion. * • « To concede or to abdicate this
supreme spiritual office would be to the church
death. • • • It is for this that St. Thomas of
Canterbury died. • * * It is for this that
the Archbishop of Posen has also declared his
readiness to die."
When the church claims to be the sole iuage
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
of the sphere of its office, authority and juris
diction, is it not asserting its right to exercise
its authority without any limit set to it by the
state?
"The church having a divine liberty as the
witness which God has constituted in the
world to deliver his revelation, and being the
sole fountain of that knowledge, has within its
sphere a sovereignty, and that sovereignty is
one wliich is exempt from all control of human
authority. No authority on earth can inter
vene to dictate to the church what it has to
teach or within what limits it shall teach.
• * * It is therefore not .only exempt, but
supreme, and being supreme there can be no
appeal from it."
Cardinal Wanning here states that the
church and its authority and sovereignty is
exempt from all control of human authority.
Plainer language cannot be found In which
Rome could claim its right to exercise its
authority without auy limit set to it by the
civil powers. And when the church claims
that no authority on earth— kingdom, empire
or republic — can intervene to dictate to it
what it shall teach or within what limits it
shall reach, that church declares and teaches
that all right of authority within it rests with it.
"I will draw out a proof that nltrauiontanism
and Catholicism ore identical." But just pre
viously he said: "This is ultramontanism;
the essence of which is that the church, being
a divine institution and by divine assistance
infallible, is, within its own sphere, Independ
ent of all civil powers; and as the guard and
interpreter of the divine law it is the proper
judge of men and nations In all things touch
iug that law in faith and morals."
The same writer again claims even
stronger that the church is within its own
sphere independent of all civil powers.
Again Manning says:
"Home is sovereign because it is independent;
it is independent because it has no master on
earth. The vicar of Jesus Christ is the source
of its liberty, the guardian of ita sovereignty.
Call it temporal power if you will, the thing is |
the same — the freedom, the Independence, the
sovereignty of the kingdom of God on eartn,
in all the world and over all mankind, resting
upon its center in the patrimony of the
church, within which the shadow of no other i
sovereignty can intrude without a violation
of the supernatural order of grace. 1 '
The writer here declares that within the
church not even the shadow of any other sov
ereignty can intrude without doing wrong.
Dollinger, whose learning and truthfulness
in history not Yorke, nor Riordan, nor the
Hayes-street fortress can impeach, says:
"According to the Jesuit representation the
church is a great all-embracing empire, an ab
solute monarchy, ruled with irresponsible and
plenary power by one man, the Pope. To him
all alike, laymen and cleric, king and beggar,
are equally'and absolutely subject."
"This papal kingdom must be upheld and ex
tended by all means of compulsion and vio
lence and punishments of life and limb, some
times directly inflicted, sometimes by invoking
the secular arm. wnich is bound at once to exe
cute its sentence."
"We recognize no religious liberty where our
church is not free in her doctrine, discipline or
worship, and where all men have not full and
entire freedom to profess the Catholic religion
without restraints from or responsibility to any
human power whatever, whether vested in the
king, the aristocracy or the people. * • •
This freedom we demand, not as a favor, not as
a grucious concession from the prince or the
repuolic, but as the right of our church."
What construction would Father Yorke put
upon the language, "without restraint from or
responsibility to any human Dower whatever."
Does not an organization that claims the right
to be without restraint or responsibility claim
that it has the right to exercise its authority
without any limit set to it by civil power;;
The "Elements of Ecclesiastical Law," page
227, reads as follows :
'■U. Is it allowable to>ppeal!to the civil power
or seek redress in the civil courts against
wrongs inflicted by ecclesiastical superiors?
"A. Such appeals are, as a rule, not only un
lawful but null and void. • * * For the
church being a perfect and supreme society
and, therefore, sole and ultimate judge in mat
ter- pertaining to her jurisdiction— i. c., eccle
siastical and spiritual things. The civil power
so far from having any power over the church
in this respect is itself subject to her. * * * I
In no case, therefore, la it allowed to appeal to j
the civil courts from the decisions of the Holy
iree."
This question and answer simply sums
up the whole thing into this: That the civil
law, even when it renders a decision, is not
binding and need not be obeyed.
How can a government prosper, how can
courts of law he maintained when an element '
organized together assert that the voice, of the I
law is no belter than the breath of the wind?
The law of the church even goes further and
as»erts that in no case, under no circumstances, !
can the jurisdiction of the church be brought
to the notice of the civil court.
Jouin, in a work which has the approval of
the Propaganda, says:
"The church, being a»society instituted by
God with the object of leading mankind to
salvation, must, in all things belonging to her,
be independent of civil society, as we stated
above.
"So law of any state, framed in opposition
with her teaching, can be binding on the con
science of m.iv ; because .-uch a law is opposed
to the law of God, and we must obey God rather
than man."
Here within the sphere of the church a
declaration is made that the church in all i
things belonging to her is independent of civil j
society.
"The power of kings," said Pius IX. repeat
ing the words of Pope St. Innocent and St.
Felix, "was instituted, not only for the gov- |
eminent of the worid, but for the assistance of
the church; and nothing is more glorious or
more advantage his to a prince than to
leave the Catholic church in possession i
of her own rights and to allow \
none to interfere with her liberty. By virtue
of her power 01 the ministry the church ad
ministers all sacraments, not excepting mar
riage, of which she is sole judge, with full
power to create invalidating impediments or
to dispense with them. By the same faculty
she grants indulgences, institutes feasts, regu
lates ihe ceremonies of the holy sacrifice and
all that constitutes public worship."
To-morrow evening we shall have here on
the platform the authorities from which all
these citations have been taken. I have not
taken advantage of your confidence in me to
quote a single syllable that is not found in
Catholic publications. To-morrow evening I
shall not only produce the proofs to sustain
the third proposition, but I shall summarize
before you the substance of the lectures
preceding. _____^_
STORMY SESSION OF
THE COUNCIL.
Continued from Fifth Page.
testified that she didn't know the condition of
her health when she left forTacoma. When she
came back from Tacoma she said that the
whole family was sick. Her testimony was
the same as that of Mrs. Tunnell. I never
suspected there was anything in the sickness
of Miss Overman that needed to be suppressed.
! Miss Overman never made a confident of me.
She came here with Mrs. Thurston. When
Mrs. Tunnell left my house the last time
she left no instructions for the dispo
sition of letters, papers, etc. I Rtill have
two family letters addressed to Mrs. Tunnell in
my possession. I have no knowledge whatever
j of her whereabouts. She may have gone to
| Oentrai America to her son Byron. In
j August, 1895, I sent for Mrs. Tunnell to come
to my house to stay with my mother during
my absence. She was here a day, when .Miss
Overman came over also.
Mrs. Eaton's mother, being duly sworn,
testified as follows:
I know Mrs. Tunnell and Miss Overman. I
was here alone, and Mrs. Eaton going away
wrote a note to Mrs. Tunnell to come and stay
with me. She came a few minutes before mv
daughter left. I said: "I thought you wouldn'"t
come. I always had confidence in you." She
gave as the excuse for her deUy that she was
invited to meet Mattie, and she didn't meet
her at the boat, therefore she was late.
Mattie came and stayed two nights. She
looked feeble and weak. Mrs. Tunnell said
"I thought I would bring Mattie over here
where it is pleasant and quiet that she might
recuperate. ' She stayed until Sunday. On
that day they went to church. That was
during the last part of August. I never saw
Dr. Brown before to-day. I had no conversa
tion with them about these matters because
there were no rumors afloat at this time.
Mary Wirts, the niece of Mrs. Eaton, being
duly sworn, testified as follows:
In answer to the question, "What did Mrs.
Tunnell say about leaving Dr. Brown's house?"
she replied, "I heard her say Dr. Brown and
Mattie said if I couldn't stand up to get out.
I happened in the room when Mrs. Tunnell
made this remark to Mrs. Eaton. That is all I
| heard Mrs. Tunnell say about the matter. She
j did not discuss affairs before me at all. I did
not know Miss Overman."
At the conclusion of its reading the
council adjourned until to-day at 2 p. m.
Children of Old Friends.
The order ot Old Friends, one of the oldest
social and protective organizations of the
City, is to have an extension. The children of
its members have for some time past been ar
ranging the plans for a society to be known as
the Sons and Daughters of Old Friends. Two
hundred and forty have already si-ruined their
intention of joining it. The primary meeting
of the new chapel is to be held this (Thursday)
evening at Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street,
when the first officers will be elected. The
officers pro tern and organizers are: Mrs. Major
Edwin Lewis, president; Mrs. Governor J. A.
Johnson, vice-president; Mrs. Dr. Franklin F.
Lord, secretary; Mrs. Colonel J. E. Slinkey.
Mrs. Captain H. E. Borneman, Mrs. Colonel A.
Perrier, Mrs. Captain Tom Sawyer, Mrs. Cap
tain P. H. Hink, Mrs. Judge A. Craig aud Mrs.
M. C. Brydges.
ROSEBUD BLOOMS AGAIN
Easily Defeated Wheel of For
tune in the Pacific Union
Stake.
GREYHURST FINALLY SCORED.
J 0 C Won the Steeplechase at Good
Odds — George Miller Outsprinted
a Fast Field.
The Pacific Union selling stake over a
mile was run off at the Bay District
track yesterday, but failed to attract more
than the ordinary crowd of race-goers.
The stake was worth $1200 to the winner
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
■Thirtieth Day of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fart. Bay Dis
■ trict Track, San Francisco. Wednesday. February 26, i 896.
FIRST KACE- Five and a half
maidens;
; penalties;
Horte, age, weight.
St.
V%
*A .
Fin.
Jockeys.
728 George C, 3 89
744 Imp. Alien, 3 98
752 Landlord, 5 11l
Rocket, 6 108
626 [Miss Lucy, 3. .86
300 |Al Broeek, 4.. .. 97
674 .Jim Budd, 3. .. 90
605 Bert, 5 106|
471 ; Brigantine. 3 91 1
744 , Sister Lottery f, 3. 96
740 Kosalle, 5 111.
jA Change, 4 104
! Agnes B mare, 5.. 106
9
!
8
6
f 3
I 4
! 11
I I
I io
left
left
|. .......
6h
*.£
81
10 4
61
1 6
3h
11
2b
91
I
82
IS
62
10 3
81
1 6
72
11
4b
91
2 3
32
4h
6 10
94
6 V,
8 2
11
714
10 2
\¥
3h
l\
41
6 3
63
74
8 1/a
9 h
10 20 !
11
Mclntyre
Dowell
C. Sloan
Snider
Hewitt
K. Jones
Garner
Golden
Fitzgerald
! Rowan
Steele
A. Stufflett
H. Martin
4
100
1
10
4
6
6
75
50
15
60
50
10
7-2
160
11-5
8
6
8
12
50
30
20
60
100
16
........
I
i
I
Starting-gate used. Won driving.
Winntr, J. Oarrity's eh. g., by Jiramble-Lady Lou.
Time, 1:10
754 SECOND RACE-Half mile;
; purse 8400.
Horse, weight. St.
Horse, weight.
Btr.
Fin.
729 j
742
716 I
742 !
662 '
729 i
742
715
732
742 '
742
732
742
: !
Greyhum 105 1
I6U Dunstan 108; «
iPhillp H 103' 5
Jessie BrtlttDavislUOi 4
'Roßelle 108 '-'
Lady Heust 105 1 7
Vivo 10H 6
Scarborough 108 11
iDlablita 105 8
;Jerilderio 100 12
Llndendale 105 9
D. J. Tobln 103 10
Claudia T 100 13
12
6 1
3 h
7Va
4b
2h
10
11
6 1
12
8
9
13
1 2
2 2
6 h
6 3
3y 3
4 li
8 V
9 V 2
ll*
12
10 .
13
I
1 1
2 2
'A 1
4 2
sal
7h
8 2
91
10 h
11 10
12 a
13
iJ. Chorn
IGarner
| P. Sullivan....
IH. Martin
Donnelly
IK. Jones
Coady
Beauchamp. ..
'Pfoples
JMoran
iKrawley.
W. Flynn
Co hran
3-5
5
60
6O
30
20
5
6
6
100
30
*
40
3-5
8
60
100
100
100
8
6
12
50
100
*
iou
i
i
J.
i
i
Starting gate used. Won handily. Winner. El I'rimero stable's gr. g., by
Scratch. Time. :50. *Coupled with Jessie Bartlett Davis.
r"^^ THIRD RACE— One mile; all ages; selling; the Pacific-Union stakes; value $1600.
Index. ! Horse, age, weight. ! St.
! i
738 Itosohnd, 4 98 3
(74H) Wheel Fortune,4.lo4 4
706 Cabrillo, 4 103 b
(686) Red tilen, 5 105( 2
(746) Molll<> R. 4 98' 6
721 Agitato. 5 105 1
*"%
Fin.
Jockeys.
41
1 1
5 h
l V
2 1
2 h
1 1
6
4 1
3h
4 1 1
5 ,-t
6
■J 1
1 1
4S
:••. l
B 5
6
i iy 2
2%
32
4 6
6 20
6
Donnelly.
J. ("horn
M. Bergen
I Coady
Frawley 
T. Sloan
3 16-5
6-5 1
4 4
4 7
60 600
30-400
Inner,
m..
1:14%."
n^\C\ FOURTH RACK- Ahout one and a half miles; steeplechase; handicap; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight, j St. |2J. U. 6J. j Flat. jStr J. Fin. Jockeys.
737J0C.4 ISei 88b 3h Sl* 11 111 ill jswlft 6 15^2
737 I Cicero, a 1451 1 2V*|2 3 21 26 126 !'<!6 lOwens . .. 3-2 2
737 Mestor,6 l-> 9 2 61 52 i4b 46 !44 '3S T. Murphy .. . 3 11-5
737 ,Gold Dust, 6 IS6 6 13 13 IV % 310 34 !44 |Kudolph 8 13
718 Templemore, a. ..133 7 4V a 4 3 6^o 620 530|5 60 jßoytl 6 8
679 :(ii!adaloupe, a....1.50 5 7 6 3 6 6 6101610 16 10 Hizelns .. 30 100
630 .April, a 13-1 452 7 |7 : 7 J7 7 Umbrose 4 5
Jockeys.
(food start. Won easily. Winner, O. Motberall's eh. g., by Imp. Apache-Irene. Time, 3:22Vsj.
HZJI FIFTH RACE— About six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
Btr.
Fin.
(701)'Gporce Miller. 6.. 107 2
(719) Ed Kearney, .104! 1
735 Morven, 5 93 6
627 La Mascots, 3.... 83 4
708 • Gratify. 3 92 3
726 Mainstay, 4....... 97 5
731 Easel, 8 76 1 7
287 i Road Warmer, 3..104 8
........
in*
61
II
6^
7 4
2 h
8
6%
3h
2h
4 1
6 V a
7 6
i a
8
4 1
3h
1 2
•2. h
8
1 n
a i
32
4 h
6 2
6 10
7 10
8
Coady
T. Sloan
E. Jones
IC Slaughter
|(iarner
Mcriain
i Woods
! Burns
9-6 3-2
2 7-2
16 -■■; 15
16 HO
2 9-5
25 60
100 500
300 500
i
Good start. Won driving. Winner, W. H. Stan field's b. g., by Loftus-Emma. Time, 1:12.
fjr.Q SIXTH RACE— Five and a
i 00. anct-s; purse $ 300.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
579 JRed Pike, 3 93j
744 ! fvixotto, 3 103
693 Mirambo, 3 101
658 Vcrlftte, 4 112 <
744 |San Marco, 3 101
488 iMontalladP, 3 101
733 i Fond Hopo, 4 lOttj
744 ;lmp. Agnpplna, 3. 98
1367 siiirdy/Ti 108
ZoraMa, 3 91
Miss Joie, 4 102
Btr.
Fin.
| Betting.
Op. Cl.
:::::::
33
2 4
8h
6 2
6^
ih*
93
11
10 4
36
2 3
7 2
Si*
8 4
63
53
1 h
9 6
11
10
1 h
i¥
4 2
6 h
6 2 !
7h I
86 !
9 10
10 6
11
C. Slaughter
j Snider J
H. Martin
■ McClain
Cocnran
It. Sloan
! Coady....
K. Jones .......':
Rowan
rower
Chevalier........
7
20
8
16
8-5
4
10
3
15
60
7
8
100
10
20
i 2
6
30
11-5
100
200
10
:::•:::
i
I
!
I
starting-gate used. Won
Time, 1 :09.
eh. g., by George Kinney- Entreaty.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day".* Entries at Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be ran the record* at the next nearest
Clg'nr rt- ore given. . .V:-".:; ':>■>"/ -±v.-:j ,
Abbreviations—F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about. ■
FIRST RACE-Six furlongs; selling;
Index, i
Name.
721
745
768
705
745
459
7591 :
731 i
749
747
745 1
709 I
090
1192
257 !
728 !
274 I
746 |
I My Lurk
Tampalpais.....
Swlftsure
Shirdy
Imp. A marine.
Currency ..;.
Little Tough
I Monterey .......
i America ,......-.
I Road Runner...
Boreas
like L.
I Royal Flush....
{Manhattan
Oracle 8
! .Prince Devine..
■ Huntsman
iteration.. ......
jHyman , ....
1:47
1:16
1 : 08 1/4
no n c. ;
1 m
6f
5V 2 f
106
10-1
98 J
If...
F...
IF...
S. C. Hildreth
Mrs. Anderson
A. H. Small
C A. Stevenson
IL. Sbancr
|P. Hildreth
G. Bair
J. O' Bayley
T. Fitzgerald
Antrim stable
n. Rose
, Garden City stable..
Owens Bros
I. Fanss
jMusto & Reiz
\H. Merriweather
Odell stable
W. Earp
1. F. Lynch
Dick Whlttington-Lucknow
}Joe Hooker-Una
Coloma-I.tiura D
Hidalgo- Veracity
Kelin-Amndine
Imp. Greenbark-AcqnltO
Ul<»n Klm-Vnknown
HidalRO-t.;len Ellen
Rod Iron-1 ou B
Jop Doniels-MIss Hooker
P^ollan-Ord nance
Miijor Ban-Miss Fluslj
Three Cheers-Rosette
Bir.lrat chcr-Ursula
I'rnceof Norfolk-' illroy Belle
I'rncof Xrflk-Frnklt- Devine
Prince of Norfolk-Haiaee
Su rl 11am- M ist letoe
Himyar-Maggie B
1
....
: I
I
....
107-
10s
110
107
107
110
107
id:.
104
J107
1104
1 107 1
l;09i4
1:13%
! 1 : 08*4
1:41%
l.:18«
1:221/8
1-.2H/4I
no rec. \
1:08 i
1:251/4!
iVio
1:08
5% I
»6f
5 t
1 m
6f
I ' 6V3 «
!'"5y a 'f
6Vi *
"s'vi "t
61/2 f
106
103 1
94i
114,
•f.::
F...
H..
F...
F...
,F...
104!
84
If.'.!
H..
•V:
....
' Ka.
iF».
! Decision
(Monitor
i Joe Terry
IHIdago
iMf-adow Lark..
Hermanita
Minnie II
Minnie I
!Red Will ,.
I Olivia
94 1 1:38% 1 7
94 1:47 V
87 1:17 6
107 1:45% l
96 1:16 6
102 1 : 381,4 7
82 1:021/4 ■»
105 1:021/4 5
107 1:143/4 6
10211: 3 ! 6
104 1:321/1 7
95 1:47% T-
106;l:31V«.7
Beat. I ■
record . Dlsu
%l
1
in
f
Lbs Tk.
106iH..
1081 H..
107 !H..
106 H..
109, F...
115 H..
115 F...
100 F...
97 (F...
1V0 F...
98 H..
112'H..
981 Fa.
M. P. Donovan
California stable
Burns <t Watthouse
iB. Schrelber
Elmwood stk farm.
jJ. G. Follaivibec. ...
!B. Schreiber
H. Fields
O. F. Johnson
J. O. Bayley
W. D. Hanaall
Pleasant Hill stable
O. B. Morris* Co..
Imp. Wagner- Fleta
Imp. Sir Modred-Visalla
Flambeau-imp. Teardrop
Hidalgo-Graciosa
Imp. Brutus-Nfcbette
Fresno-MstertoJimDouglM
Aretino- Pauline
Hegent-by Cariboo
Jim Gore-War Banner
Emptrorof Nortolk-Dolly L
Uyder Ali-Floride
Allahabad
a::^~::.
[Joe Hooker-Jessie R
I Sampson- U n know n
and a
(648)'Installator
(717) Basso
743 St. Lee
719 IFredGurdner. ..
743 ]Logan
648 JThornblll
I Best I
Lbs record, j Dlst.
115!l:53i/4iiygnj
ll0il:4H 1 m
94 l:47y a :l/-/6m
103 l:42i/4 1 m
llBll:57 jlYsm
|101 I:6iy«!li-i6ra
LbiTk.
108 F...
103 H..
96 ,F...
104 IF...
110'H..
97|H..
Elmwood stock farm.
McNaughton <fe Mnlr.
T. G. Ferguson
/".
F. M. Taylor
A. Shields
T. Lundy
st. George- Levee
> Blackbnrn-Eufllade
guer-Pert-
Cl»eviot-P. Anderson
Imp.
FOCP.TH
mile: selling.
Index. 1 Name.
(7-'5) Scimitar
739 IpKulSertnLass
752 Polaski
731 iArnKte..
(7^7)!Duillo ..I,
747 Forluna
712 Collins
74V E. H. Sherley ..
(735)!Braw Scot..
Lbs I record. I Di»t.
"95 1742 1 m
10l!l:18V4'6 f
67 1:4034 lm
j-8 ! l:40»4 1 m
92 1:08% 5% t
97 1:40 7% 1
96 1:33% 7f
1021 1:32% It-: ■■„:
■ 9e|l:66%il7-;«m
82
101
95
»7
Tk.
i\T
H..
F...
V..
If... t
'H..|
H..
H..
H..
JJ.H. Shields
Shabbona stable
Owens Uros
Garden City stable...
! J. Bobbins
jEncIno stable
;Ur. Koweil
:F. Brown.
|B. Schrelber .' ".
Imp. Eothen- Wyandotte
Fullerton-Castaway
Capt. Al-Gold Cup
Imp. Mldlothian-Filena
Littrell-lmp. Royal Tltl«
Imp. l'r.iius- Vl:>ia Uea
Littrell-lmp. Rt
Imp. Brutns-VI
Inspector B-PU
Bonnie Brown-
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlonirs; purse.
Index.
(708) Ynnkco Moodle. •
iLobengula 1
629 iV'Inctor
(734) Salisbury ii.'..'.\
I I'.ts
Lbs record.
107 ' 1 :29
llljl:29
119 1:39
f»9 1:02
Dlst.
f
f
m
f
Lbs Tk.
98 F...
117 IF...
Ill F...
12a | F...
< ambridge stable..
G. B. Morris &Co..
Klmw'd sl'k farm
Burns & Waterh'se
! l*rince Koyul-Manzanita
Hudson-Zulu
Imp. iSrutus-Mollie H
Racine-Imp. Flirt
Index.
r™r-
751
745 .
•*76G
741
; 701
, (741)
749
1 (747)
( 7f7 )
, 734
ILevenaC
Babe Murphy..:
Catch Em
Gnllla filly ..
Sen Hoffman.
I»erfnrgilla
Model........ ..
bold Bug
Tim Murphy....
Sir Richard
Clacquer ..:..;
Walter J... ..;..
! Best
Lbs record.
~95 1:16%
.97 1:18%
97 1:04%
100 no rec.
100 ...'...:.
106 1:12%
95 1:07%
97il:17 i
97 1:14 I
105 1:11% j
100 1:15%
100 :66V4i
! 6f
! 6* H-
6f
i*6f-
\ir
I 6f
i*6f
! 6f
105|
971
107
i^i
!F...
H..
F.::i
1 F.. . i
IF...
F...
V..
H..
IF...,
I). A.Honig
L.Bzell... .
Mokeluronestk frm
J- C. Humphrey
D.J.Tobfn.. .......
McNauKhtonaMuir
JEUas Lawrence-l'rin. Glen
'Imp. Midlothian-Lit, flush
1st. Carlo-Gull!a
I in p. Inverness- Dora
( > tion < lair.'i-r. Ignore
ilmp. .Sir Modred-Oypsy
iPittsburg-Mollie S
I imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie R
; Stratford or imp. Uhlan- Vic.
.is.i
J.
i Y a >>i>'ium niauie. . . .
iJ. Hunter
White* Clarke....
B.C.Holly
H. Taylor
IF. McDerraott
nap. True
of la
,tlly 8
and resulted in the inglorious defeat of
the even-money favorite, Wheel of For-
tune. With but 104 pounds in the saddle,
Harvey's mare was considered a "pipe"
by the talent and was plunged on when
her odds reached 7 to 5. Stable money
forced the odds against Rosebud down
from 3 to 2V£, but later the Tv rant mare
receded to 3J^. A consistent play kept
Cabrillo's odds at 4. Red Glen, Agitato
and Mollie X, the other starters, had a
scant following.
The race could hardly be called a true
run one. The boys all seemed to have
waiting orders, and as the turn down the
back stretch was readied Chorn on the
favorite passed Agitato, taking the lead,
followed by Rosebud. The first half was
covered in fifty-two seconds, with the
"Wheel" a length before the second
choice. There was little chance in posi
tions as the stretch was reached, the favor
ite apparently having the race well in
hand. Below the lurlong pole, however,
Rosebud moved up, ana Chorn on the
"Wheel" was seen to be urging his mount.
She responded gamely, but was easily out
footed to the wire. Rosebud winning very
handily by a scant length. Cabrillo came
fast atthe end with a great showing of
speed, finishine a close third. The win
ner's time was 1:41%. Bergen, who rode
Cabrillo. came in for much adverse criti
cism, as he apparently laid out of the race
altogether 100 far, until too late to win.
There were no startling performances to
record. The favorites were successful on
but two essays, second choic. s and out
siders taking the other events. The num
ber of pencilers was lessened by them at
yesterday's cut-in, and those above the
"dead line" did a fairly profitable busi
ness.
The racing opened with the usual "doe"
dash at five and a half furlongs, of which i
there have been such an abundance of late '
Oeorge C, the Z\i to 1 second choice, car
ried off the laurels, downing the 150 to 1
shot, imp. Alien, in a drive. Landlord,
the favorite, ridden by Cash Sloan, lin
lshea third.
A more perfect start is rarely seen than
t he one in the two-year-old event, a balf- !
mile spin, with thirteen starters. With
scarcely a noticeable delay the barrier flew
in the air and they went away on even j
terms. The 3 to b favorite * Greyhurst '
almost immediately took the lead, and !
under restramst the vrhole way won as lie
pleased from St. Dtmstin. Philip H, a 100
to 1 shot, was a good third.
The Elkton stables' jumper, J O C,
shows returning form, and captured tho
steeplechase over the short courae at the
very remunerative odds of Bto 1. Taking
the lead from Gold Dust before the stretch
was reached :.e won handily, trailed by
the hrst choices in the betting, Cicero and
Mestor.
The "Kansas City Hindoo," George Mil
ler, came out fresh and full of run in the
short six-furlong run, adding still another
winning bracket to his long list of victo
ries. He had a slight call over Gratify in
the ring, going to the post Bto 5. Easel
and Morven set a merry pace to the stretch,
when Coady gave the favorite his head
and, taking command, won cleverly by
naif a length from Ed Kearney, who came
fast at the end. Gratify was unplaced.
Another "Dice-box Derby" at live and a
half furlongs for maidens ended the day's
sport, furnishing the charitably inclined
of the crowd an opportunity to help the
suffering booky even up any losses he
may have incurred during the" day. Imp
-VJnppina, San Marco, Montaliade and
Mirambo carried all the coin wagered and
v one T , of ■ them, Mirambo, managed to
show. Red Pike, an Bto 1 chance, was first,
with the 30 to 1 shot Peixotto in the place.
Track and Paddook Items.
In all of the races run over the main
course to-day the lields will be sent away
by the starting gate.
The management of Ingleside Track has
had a starting gate set up on the inside
course, with a man stationed in charge of
it, for the accommodation of owners that
wish to school their horses in the art of
quick breaking. *
Hugtiey Jones was at a loss to account
for the poor showing Gratify made in the
race won by George Miller." The chestnut
youngster has been doing well and in his
preliminary warming-up gallop tripped
through the stretch in 23}$ seconds,
faster than he has ever worked before.
Hughey bet a good chunk of coin on him,
as well as all oi>his friends. Grannan un
loaded to the extent of $5500.
There is a possibility of Rosebud, Wheel
of Fortune and Cabriilo coming together
again in a three-cornered match over the
same distance and with the same weights
up ass carried in yesterday's race. At one
of the downtown hotels last night where a
group of horsemen had collected talking
over the day's racing, Joe Harvey insinu
ated that he did not think •'The" Wheel"
showed at her best and was willing to back
it up with $2500. One of Cabrillo's sup
porters, who thor.ght Bergen rode an all
timed race, was willing to furnish the same
amount for that horse, and if the owners
of Rosebud think their mare can repeat
the trick the association could no doubt be
induced to give some added money. The
event would certainly prove a great draw
in" card.
Philip H, a fine-looking brown -colt, by
the Australian sire Loyalist, made an ex
cellent showing in the two-year-old event.
He finished a strong third, and will un
doubtedly be a dangerous customer when
the distances are stretched out. Loyalist
is owned by Eddie Sachs, who leased him
to the Palo Alto stock farm, where he is
doing stud service.
The few of the get of Racine that have
appeared so far this season have created a
very favorable impression. A daughter of
his, Jessie Bartlett Davis, finished a good
fourth in the two-year-old race yesterday.
April was reported to be a sick horse,
and why his owner, "Honest" Dodd,
started him in the steeplechase is a mys
tery. He was beaten a hundred leagues.
Imp. Agrippina, one of the favorites in
tne last race, was away from the post well,
_^ w _^_ _^_^^ NEW TO-DAY.
|VV#^JaAl >4^^^^^^.'^^^^^^*^ -^ r^ c k°^ you want
Egß^ffi^^^^^^ first, that the value of an elcc-
trie belt is in the .strength of elec-
j^^^^^^^^^^ tricity it gives into your body. This
■'Ji^^k^^^^^'^ depends on the battery used. Dr. San-
K^VS^^S^pP^ den's Electric Belt is made strongly, almost
fMB&KT indestructible, and it is POSITIVELY GUAR-
ANTEED to generate a current of Electricity that you can feel
every time you charge it for one year. With care it lasts five
years. It has eighteen powerful elements, is perfectly insulated,
and possesses what no other electric belt made has, a regulator,
80 that you can regulate it while it is on the body.
"MAKES PEOPLE STRONG."
_._.__ „__„ _ San Francisco. Cal., February 11, 1896.
* vSsl^' T - SAN DEN— Dear Sir: The Belt that I bought from you for constipation and general
debility I am perfectly satisfied with. i s c "e*»i
I was so bad previous to your treatment that my bowels would not move for three or four
days at a time. - - . : ■.
I used many different remedies, was drugging all the time, but of no avail until I bought
yo r i B^ U - I have used yotjr belt just six weeks. I noticed a marked change in a week's time
and to-day 1 feel like a different man. ■ ■ r. ■. ■ »
I will do all In my power to recommend your Belt.
» ' ". ■, * GEORGE V. DOTTERER. 621 Bush street.
Consider how slight is the cost of one of these wonderful
Belts ; consider the fact that it cures you while you rest at nio-ht •
does not interfere in any way with your daily duties ; that it has-
a regulator which makes it mild or strong while it is on your
body— then be true to yourself ; get it— get it to-day.
* Send for the book, * Three Classes 'of Men," free. Tells i
all about it, with prices.
®-A.»ra3E»r xjuxjcthio 06.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO;
Office Hours-8 to 6 ; Evenings, 7 to 8:30; Sundays, Ho to i.
Portland, Oregon, Office, 255 Washington Street.
Los Angeles, Cal., 204 So. Broadway.
but backed up so badly in the stretch that
she nearly knocked some of the horses
down. She stood a drive with more weight
upon Monday.
'"■' Boy, Bullet and Cathode Ray.,—
No further developments with the cathode
ray have been made on the hand of Justin
Gunniso!!. The recent tests disclosed the place
where the bullet is lodged, but the missile has
not been extractel. The wound is still painful,
f BpeeiftLy *O when the hand of the boy gets the
slightest iwist. •
•— -♦ — •
The greater part of the memorial fund
rais d by the friends and admirers of the
1' « Professor Jewett is to be devoted to
the endowment of a scholarship at Balliol.
The balance of the fund is to be expended
in procuring a personal memorial of the
late master" of Balliol, which is to be
placed in the college hall.
In the private schools of China s teacher
is paid about a halfpenny a day for each
pupil.
new to-day: -
"Red
Letter
Days."
The kind of furniture we sell makes friends;
all we have to do to make new friends is to sell
to new people— that's what "Red Letter Days"
are for.
Dozens of tea tables at
Red Letter" prices — can't
show them all, but here's a
sample .
Tea Table—
(Afternoon Teas.)
—$4.50—
■'■ : i.fi '■■■'''■
The picture shows It fairly well; the shaped
top, gracefully curved French legs and orna-
| menial work; can't show the finish, though—
| that mirror-like polish on richly-grained
• oak— s4.so.
There's only eight of this
pattern and we wouldn't be
| surprised if they were all
I gone by noon — there are
others, though.
Come early, anyway;
! there's less crowd in the
' forenoon.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Colo & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.FATHER YORKE
TO REV. ROSS.
Calls the Temple Lecture
Course a Comic Per
formance.
FREE CHURCH AND STATE
A Claim That the First Proposi
tion in Question Has Been
Twisted.
TERMED ANOTHER FORGERY.
The Chancellor Takes Sherman, the
A. P. A. Judge, Viaorously to Task
on His Record.
The following letter has been received
by The Call :
To the Editor of The Can -Dear Sir: D.
Ross still continues his comic performance at
the Metropolitan Temple. The faithful few
who love to be humbugged at two-bits the
humbug have grown alarmingly fewer, and the
temperature reminds one of Dr. Nansen and
the north pole.
D. Ross devoted himself this evening to the
first tiro portion. As usual, he made no at
tempt to produce the publication from which
he claimed to read last November. Of course,
there is no such publication, and when Donald
pretended to read from it he was guilty of stat
ing the thing that is not.
But perhaps he has proven the substance of
the proposition. Let us see. It runs as fol
lows:
"The Romish church has a rignt to exercise
its authority without any limit set to it by the
civil powers."
This means that the Catholic church claims
that its authority is unlimited. Civil govern
ments have no rights before it. What the
church says goes. It does not matter what the
church may say or how it may use its author
ity the civil power can do nothing but step
aside.
This proposition and the ethers which ac
company it were read by I). Rosa and spread
broadcast by the organization of foreigners
which employs him. The distribution of
them -was intended to give the unthinking the
idea that the church claimed unlimited au
thority in America. Such an idea is utterly
erroneous and Ross knew it when no read
these alleged quotations.
The present proposition has a history similar
to that of the others already discussed. The
nineteenth proposition of the syllabus runs as
follows:
. :' " •• LATEST. ENGLISH.
XIX. EcdeslanOD eal The church is not a true
• vera perfectaque socletas and perfect society, en
plane libera, nee pollet tirely free, and she does
sals, propriis et eonstan- not enjoy her proper and
tibus juribus sib! a dl- perpetual rights given her
vino suo fundatore colla- by her divine founder:
tis, sod clvihs potestatis bnt it pertains to the civil
est ' ilfflnlre. qua- .;.: power to define what are
ecclegise jura ac limites the rights Of the church
. in'.ra quos eadem jura and the .limits within
exerbere quew. which the .-,ame rights
can be exercised.
The Catholic church teaches that she »as
rights over spiritual things, which rights were
given her by Jesus Christ. With these rights the
state cannot interfere. It is not the state's busi
ness to define -whet the constitution of the
church should be, what her beliefs should be,
what herspiritual laws should be. A free church
In a free state is the Ideal of Catholics as well as
of the American«people. The church has one
sphere and the state has another sphere. The
truest bond of union between the two powers
■■5 that each should attend Eirictly to its own
business. .
V. -a-, "'Ross takes this proposition of the sylla
bus hiici twist* it around. Again let me put in
pareUel : colunins the original and the forgery:
V XlX..': The church is XIX. The Romish
• no: a tfui>-ar.d perfect church has a riant to -x
djqijr-. entirely free, and lercise us authority wlth
; she-, dots liot enjoy her out any limits set to it
' •pjtjier ' atid perpetual by the civil power.
■ .T-'irtJs 'pi veil • .~r by her
-, divine! • •:. ler; but It
i ,- .-•• - to -toe civil
■ pjjwer 10 define what are
the r,glus of the church
and : jne limits within
.'» : n;e& the- 'same rights
c»nbg eiercised. .
It is evident to any man of common-sense
(hat-- both these propositions are false. The
church has no right to exercise its authority
outside- its own sphere. This is a truism
which every Catholic schoolboy knows. Only
ministers of the gospel who strive to make a
living by spreading hate and by uttering
forgery would countenance such a vile misre
presentation as the first proposition of Donald
Ross.
I remark. Mr. Editor, that Sherman, the un
biased judge, renews his statement that Booth
had a medal on him when shot. Again I brand
that statement as a falsehood. The records of
the trial show what was on the body of Booth
and there is no mention of a medal.
Another point. Sherman made the assertion
that he was present at Churubusco. I should
like to have some other authority for that than
the word of "the most conscienceless liar from
the Yukon to Terra del Fuego." I have
searched the official records of tne Mexican
War for Sherman's name, and as yet I nave
not been able to find it. OT course, it is pos
sible that he may have been there. The re
ports do not usually mention the sutlers.
The Rev. Ross grows quite pathetic over the
expenses to which he was put and the sad in
difference of the "friends" to his welfare. Let
me say once more that the circus at Metropoli
tan Temple was Ross' own affair. If he had a
good cause the verdict of three non-Catholic
lawyers would have been as glorious a vindi
cation as man could wish for. He would have
stood as high in the public estimation after
fuch a verdict as he is now low in the public
contempt. But he thought he had an oppor
tunity of making money as well as of gaining
fame," and tho people of San Francisco have
shown that they are still able to take the mea
sure of a mountebank.
To-morrow night he hopes to humbug for
nothing those he has not been able to humbug
for two bits. He offers to produce his provi
dentially sent books, in the original German,
to all - who care to examine them. Permit me
to gay that he would show more confidence in
his case if he would submit these books to the
scrutiny of three non-Catholic lawyers as I de
manded. Then it would become evident how
he has maneled his quotations and doctored
them to lit his case. It would become evident,
too, thai the word forger which appears to
•worry him so is the only word in the diction
ary, obsolete or not, which fits his case.
In conclusion let me state that my descrip
tion of Sherman as a fou.'-mindul and foul
tongued old reprobate is well borne out by
his incoherent address of to-night. He is not
only a liar, but is a dirty liar. Yours truly,
. ■ P. C. YORKE.
COSTLY DUMMY BUNDLES
The Stock-in-Trade of the Ex-
German- American Laun
dry.
G. P. Rochel and Six Olher Victims
Cause the Arrest and Trial of
Fred Albrecht.
Tweive jurymen spent a pleasant and
tive afternoon yesterday in Judge
-' courtroom.
They are men thoroughly unbiased or
unprejudiced in regard to laundries or
yineii; men, in. fact, who have never
known what it is tomi3sa button oh a
lr-band or to get a nightshirt stiffened
arch.
Itani District Attorney Walter lim
l£ie deserves the credit of getting this flock
)f the rara avis together, and he took par
iCilar delight, after impaneling them, to
put them through the kindergarten course
aearly all the rest of the world was taught
uiu ajgo.
It was m the case of Fredr-riuk Albrecht,
who was indicted by the Grand Jury on
tui-'ust 30, 1806, on a charge of obtaining
•aoney by false pretenses.
Attorney Hinkle. who has run the
gamut in the prosecution of such cases,
explained that it differed from the otlier
swindles only that it was "clean cut,
laundned and highly polished; the vic
tims of the defendant being done up in
the most approved style."
From the testimony given at the trial
yesterday and the side talk of the
men who were called to court to give their
testimony and who will only be put on
the stand to-day, the case certainly is a
peculiar one.
Gh P. Rochel is the complaining witness.
He is backed Dy M. Veit, P. H. "Peterson,
John Peltier. R. Schruitt, Isaac Jessup
and Ellis Jones, men who are virtually
unknown to tach other, but who with
few minor details claim to have the same
grievances under which Rochel is fretting.
"Without entering into the merits of the
case there are some features which came to
light in the testimony and otherwise, yes
terday, which were amusing to the fury
and to the hangers-on about the court.
The main proposition is that Albrecht
caused Rochel to give him $200 for 2UO
shares of the German-American Laundry
Association, incorporated. It was repre
sented that the institution was a tremen
dous affair with a main office at Lombard
ana Gongh streets, and branch offices all
over the City.
Rochel, it" appear.? from his testimony,
was first offered 100 shares of the 16,000
capital stock for $100, and when he opened
his purse his alleged swindler saw there
was another $100 there. He therefore
promptly offered his proposed victim addi
tional inducements in order to obtain the
coin. Rochel was offered the superinten
dency of the Mission-street branch at a
salary of $12 per week. Rochel immedi
ately parted with his entire $200.
He went to work the next day at 717
Mission street and for two consecutive
days he stood behind the counter waiting
for customers to come in and call for the
bundles of linen piled eight rows high in
the back. He waited in vain and was be
ginning to despair when Albrecht came to
him with instructions to go off to South
The Barkentine Discovery, Which Is Supposed to Have Gone Down With All llands.
[Drawn by a "CalV artist from a painting.]
San Francisco to breaks fractious horse,
which would soon be needed in the busi
ness, which, he said, was building up
rapidly in the main office at Lombard and
Gough streets.
Rochel was away two weeks in his dorse
breaking experience, nearly fracturing his
backbone and a limb or two. In the mean
time M. Veit, a young- German, was Al
brecht's victim.
The inducements offered him were i
identical with those offered Rochel, but |
Veit was of a more inquiring frame of j
mind. He was left alone in the Mission- >
street shop, and he had nothing to do
better than looking into the bundles
parked up on the shelves. Instead of
clot. .es, he found they were packed with
old papers and rubbish.
Rochel ventured in town from his horse
breaking expedition, and he and Veit
compared notes, which resulted in the two
calling on Albrecht and demanding back |
their money. Instead of coin Albrecht j
gave them some sound advice to never go |
into any business with which they were
not familiar.
He laughed at their discomfiture and
told them to "never mind a little thing
like that. Thero will be more suckers
along very soon,"- he said, "and we'll
make it all right."
Rochel placed the matter before Attor
ney Hinkle, who speedily got Albrecht in
dicted by the Grand Jury.
J}ut prior to the Rochel and Veit cases
it appears Albrecht ran foul of a victim
who proved somewhat of a Tartar. It was
Isaac Jessup, a man of some means, who
desired to purchase an interest in some
business for his younger son. Mr. Jessup
paid Albrecht $300, purchased some ma
chines for the purpose of conducting a
laundry, and installed his son in the Mis
sion-street branch.
The lad soon realized that his father had
been swindled and told him so. The old
gentleman "jumped" Albrecht. who, find
ing himself hard pressed, promised to give
back the money he had received. But ho
was short of cash just then, and the best
he could do was to give his personal note
for $350 and a chattel mortgage on all the
German-American Laundry Association's
property.
While Mr. Jessup was thus the sole pro
prietor, Albrecht kept on selling stock in
the corporation on the rood front made by
the rows of dummy clothes bundles on
the shelves of the Mission-street branch.
The other victims of Albrecht and his
one-man corporation will be heard to-day
in Judge Bahrs' court.
WANT THEIR MONEY.
Associated Creditors of trie City and
County Address the Board
of Supervisors.
The Associated Creditors of the City and
County have addressed the Board of s Su
pervisors in a neat pamphlet on the sub
ject of the amounts due its members from
the City. The circjlar says :
If the Supervisors sit supine in their seats
and take no action, neglecting the duties they
owe to their constituents and to the entire
body politic, the so-called floating indebted
ness of the City becomes .a cloud of discredit
and dishonor growing broader and blacker
lrom year to year and spreading like a pall
over our municipal financial system.
That your honorable body may have as com
plete an exposition as possible of the extent
and variety of the unsatisfied claims against
the City, we present for your consideration
the names of many well-known linns
and citizens engaged in a diversity of com
mercial pursuits whose demands against the
City aggregate approximately $20,000, and
who are joined with us in this appeal for ac
tion at, once by your honorable body in the
matter of the satisfaction of the existing in
debtedness of this City. V
This array of individuals and firms of' influ
ence and prominence in this community,
always responding readily and cheerfully to
all calls in the advancement of community in
terests, view with much concern the prevail
ing apathy in this matter of the payment of
the just demands against the City and sorely
regret the activity which savors very much of
repudiation. ■ ■
We have.persuaded them that our faith in
your honorable body la not without sound
foundation. Being confident that you will re
new your sincerely appreciated efforts in the
satisfaction of these demands, we have the
honor to remain, most respectfully yours,
ASSOCIATED Creditors ofthk CITY and COUNTY
OF San Francisco.
J. P. LeCount, .Chairman.
The statistical returns of the various
Methodist bodies give 25,000,000 as the
total membership throughout the world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 87, 1896.
IS THE DISCOVERY LOST?
Captain and Crew Are Supposed
to Have Gone Down
With Her.
LITTLE HOPE ENTERTAINED.
The Master Was to Have Been
Wedded When the Barkentine
Reached Port.
The barkontiue Discovery has' at last
been given up for lost. > On several occa
sions items referring to'iier long passage
and general unseaworthiness have ap
peared in the papers, but there was always
a hope held out that she might turn up.
The vessel is now out thirty-seven days
from Port Gamble, and in view of the fact
that half a dozen storms have raged along
the coast during that period the chances
are that she has gone to the bottom with
all hands. "We have not given up all
hope even yet," said J. Kentfield, the man
aging owner of the Discovery, '"but I must
admit the chances are against the vessel
ever showing up. She was a very fast
sailer and thirty-six days is an unusually
long trip even for a slow vessel."
The barkentine Discovery sailed from
Port Gamble on January 20 last with the
following crew aboard: Captain, C. Chris
tiansen; first mate, J. Hanson; second
mate, Ole Thornsen; cook, Peter Nelson,
and seamen Alf Peterson. Thomas Scull,
Peter Neyiand, Peter Severtsen, Edward
Larsen and Martin Petterson. From that
day to this neither vessel nor crew have
ever r>een heard from.
On the sth inst. the bark Matilda arrived
at Port Townsend and the captain reported
that the day before he had passed through
a quantity of small broken lumber forty
miles west of Cape Flattery. In describ
ing the scene the skipper said the sea was
covered for .miles with floating timbers of
all sizes. "Evidently," added the captain,
"some" lumber vessel must have met with
disaster." The .-supposition is that Captain
Christiansen, after clearing Flattery, ran
into a heavy gale. His ship being "ten
der," he was afraid to face it, and attempt
ed to put about. In doing so the Discovery
became disabled, and being structurally
weak, .^oon went to pieces. The crew could
do nothing with the boats, and if the
barkentine is gone all hands went with
her.
The lumber cargo of the Discovery was
owned by Pope it Talbot, and that firm is
satisfied that the wreckage passed by the
Matilda was fron the barkentine.
"To make matters look even worse than
they are," said a ship captain yesterday,
"the C. B. Kenny made the run in a little
over a. week, and the Dashing Wave, wliich
left two days after the Discovery, came
down in twelve or thirteen days. The
Discovery nearly always made the run
under two weeks, and now that she is out
over five weeks I would not give much for
her chances."
The Discovery was built at Port Discov
ery in 1874 and has been one of the most
successful coasters trading in and out of
San Francisco, >' ; he was always a fast ves
sel, but all the captains who commanded
her considered her • < ten>!er" — that is, a
vessel that could not be depended upon
during a severe cale. This fact is another
nail in hercoilin according to shipmasters.
This was to have been Captain Chris
tiansen's last voyage as a bachelor. He
was engaged to bo married to a young lady
from Tacoma on bin return to" ifan Fran
cisco, and she is now awaiting him here.
No matter what anybody else thinks she
lias not given up hope, and m every
barkentine that is reported she vainly
looks for the Discovery. Captains who
know the young lady well refuse to di
vulge her name, saying that matters are
bad enough as tiny are without parading
her name and he 1 sorrow in the papers.
Peter Neison, the cook, had also decided
to leave the barkrntine when she arrived
at this port. Wh'-m he was paid off last
trip he decided to? seek another vessel, but
Captain Christiansen overpersuaded him
and he agreed U» make "just one more
voyage." The otfcer members of the crew
were vrell known in San Francisco, and
several of them were members of the
Sailors' Union.
NOT FOND OF DOCKERY
Marin Dairymen File Complaints
Against the Milk In
spector.
Longfellow School May Open on Mon
day Next — The Water-Front
Question Postponed.
The dairymen of Marin County whose
milk was recently dumped into the bay by
Milk Inspector Dockery are very much in
censed against the inspector and have ad
dressed communications to the Board of
Health, supported by affidavits, charging
him with having violated tne ordinance
under which he is given authority to in
spect and seize milk and with discrimina
tion toward certain milkmen.
The complaint of W. D. Stephens, pro
prietor of the Ross Valley Dairy, relates to
section 13 of the ordinance, which reads as
follows:
Section 13. The Board of Health and all its
officers, agents and employes i shall have the
right at any time to take a sample of milk
from any person, persons or concern selling or
exposing tor sale or exchanging or delivering
or distributing milk in the V ity * lld County oi
Fraucisco, not exceeding, however, one
tiuart [hereof, such sample to be taken and
sealed in fall View And in the presence of the
person from whom said sample is taken, and
shall then and there furnish to the person
from whom such milk is taken one-half
of such sample hermetically sealed
and shall deliver to the said Board
of Health immediately the sample so taken
hermetically sealed. Such sample shall have
written thereon at the time of the delivery
thereof to said Board of Health the number of
the dealer's permit, and the date of the obtain
ment of the sample, and the name of the per
hou by whom it is taken, and a memorandum
thereof shall be made by the person obtaining
such sample in a book kept for that purpose in
the office of the Board of Health, showing the
name of the owner or drivers from whom, and.
the date when the Fame was taken, and the
number of the dealer's permit.
Mr. Stephens' driver, Philip Shine,
makes affidavit that Inspector Dockery
took the samples and carried them into ii
building out* of bis sight, afterward de
livering to him a bottle containing some
milk, which the affiant was informed was
taken from his wagon.
The driver declares that he could not
tell whether ihe milk delivered to him was
taken from his wagon or not, as the
alleged division was made out of his sijrht
and while no other wagons were being de
tained and examined by the Inspector.
The Inspector then ordered the milk
dumped into the bay, stating that it con
tained a preserving preparation that ren
dered it unfit for human use.
The complaint is also supported by an
affidavit from Manuel Silvera, who shipped
the milk, stating that be placed the milk
on board tne cars at Ignacio station,
Marin County, and that the milk was
absolutely pure and contained uo adulter
ants or foreign matter whatever.
The California Mi!k Producers' Associa
tion also sent in a complaint objecting to
the manner in which the inspector per
forms his duties. The association com
plains that discrimination has been used,
and that- milk from the same ranch and
similar in every respoct was dumped in at
least one instance and passed in another.
The complaint is accompanied by a re
port from Thomas Price & Sons, the chem
ists, who state that tue sample sent them
for analysis — supposed to be vie one given
by Dockery to tiie driver after ordering
the milk vamped as impure — is pure ana
contains no dangerous ingredient 1 ?.
An affidavit from the dairymen who
shipped the milk was appended to the
complaint, stating that the milk sampled
and ordered dumped by Dockery was pure
and contained no preserving compounds
whatever, and that moreover nothing of
that character was ever kept on the ranch.
The Milk Inspectordenies that he sealed
or tested the samples out of sight of the
drivers, except when they refused to leave
their wagons, and affirms that all milk
dumped into the bay was found to con
tain either preserving compounds or other
foreign matter that rendered it unfit for
use. He cays he will bring ample proof of
this.
The matter was referred to the Milk
Committee for investigation.
Owing to the absence of Mayor Sutro
from the meeting of the Board of Health
the reports of the experts who recently
analysed the water from the various
Spring Valley reservoirs were not opened
yesterday, but were laid over until the
next meetine.
Members of the Board of Education
were present to confer with the health
officials in relation to the closing of the
schools and the matter was discussed at
length.
A decision was finally reached to permit
the Board of Education to make tempo
rary repairs by replacing the objectionable
wooden vaults with galvanized- iron
troughs and leave the matter of putting in
new vaults until the summer vacation.
By that time a decision will probably be
reached by the Board of Education
wh'-ther or not the Longfellow School will
\ consolidated out of existence. The re
txurs to the school will probably be fin
ished by Saturday next and it will likely
open on Monday, March 2.
THE MEN WHO BUILD.
Interesting Matters llefore the Carpen.
tcr»' and Joiners' I>i»trict Council.
Several matters of interest to the mem
bers of the local building trades unions
came up last evening at the meeting of
the District Council of Carpenters and
Joiners. The resignation of E. R. John
son as business agent for the carpenters
was formally announced. Johnson will
leave for Alaska on Saturday. C. F.
Schadt. formerly president of the Dittrict
Council, was appointed temporarily to fill
the vacancy. In a few weeks the four car
penters' unions will hold an election.
There are already Beveral candidates for
the position in the neld,a.nda hftt con
test is expected.
A communication was read from Car
penters' Union No. 23, of Berkeley, an
nouncing that on May 1 the members of
that union will demand $3 a day as the
lowebt rate ol wages. The bosses have
been notified of this demand so that they
may make future contracts accordingly.
District Organizer Malsbary has recently
returned from Sacramento, where he has
been doing "missionary work" among the
carpenters of that city. There are no car
penters' unions in Sacramento, but the
journeymen received him with open arms,
Bo he reported to the council last evening'
and there is v movement on foot toward'
the formation of a carpenters' union.-
On March 3 the carpenters and joiners
of that city will hold a mass-meeting for
the purpose of organization. Mr. Malsbary
stated that the Federated Trades of Sacra
mento indorsed his work and will give
great assistance in the movement. As
soon as the carpenters are organized the
working-card system, the eight-hour a
day and the $3 minimum of wages will be
demanded.
The district council is making great
preparations for a grand social reunion
and "smoker" in the temple on the even
ing of March 7. Able speakers will ad
dress the meeting and singing, recitations,
music and free cigars will be among the
other attractions. Non-union men will be'
received as cordially as union men.
In India there is an idea that a lion can
not be induced to attack a prince, or any
scion of a royal house.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Bark Strathdon Docked at
the Union Iron Works for
Repairs.
HARD AT WORK ON THE QUEEN
Harbor Commissioners Will Set Apart
Section 4 for a Free Fruit
Market.
After Tuesday's collision both the Queen
and Strath'don were busy repairing dam
ages yesterday. The bark was taken in
tow early in the day by the tugs Fearless,
Vigilant and Monarch and docked at the
Union Iron Works. There she will receive
a new bowsprit and all the other repairs
necessary. Should the hull show any strain
the cargo will be taken out and the ves
sel placed on the drydock. The repairs to
the Strathdon are being paid for by Good
all, Perkins & Co. This is not an admis
sion of responsibility on the part oi the
company, but simply a desire to act in a
liberal spirit and not unnecessarily delay
a vessel that was ready for sea. While the
bark is being repaired her agents will
draw §123 a day demurrage for her deten
tion.
The repairing of the Queen is being
pushed. All the men that can possibly
rind room to work have been put on, and
in consequence the steamer presented a
very different appearance yesterday from
what she did a few hours after the col
lision. All the wreckage has been cleared
away and some of the repairs to the decks
and railings have already begun. Inside
of a fortnight it is hoped to have the
Queen as good as new.
Word was received at the Merchants'
Exchange yesterday that the American
ship Shenandoah had just completed a
trip from San Francisco to New York in
the- remarkably fine time of ninety-seven
days. The voyage is not a record breaker,
but still it is one of the best passages made
in years. Captain Murphy, the com
mander of the Shenandoah, is well known
in San Francisco, and his family live here.
He is a general favorite among shirjping
men, and they will all be glad to hear of
the big ship's smart run.
Misfortune seems to have overtaken the
opposition line of shippers just established
between Philadelphia and San Francisco
at the outset. The William S. Davis,
which was to have been the fimt of the
iine, has been abandoned off Cape Hat
teras and it will be some time before an
other vessel can be secured to take her
place. The Davis was on her way from
Manilla to Philadelphia to load for this
Dort when she ran into a succession of
heavy gules that completely disabled her.
As she was expected to go down at every
moment the crew abandoned her.
The Independent Boarding-masters' As
sociation of San Francisco have issued the
following circular and are spreading it
broadcast on the water front:
For the better government of shipping and
for the protection of ship-owners and seamen,
w<>, the undersigned, independent deep-water
boarding masters, propose to do business at
the following rates and under the following
conditions:
Wages for seamen not to exceed £4 per
month ; allotment not to exceed $40.
• Men to be thlpped free of charge to ship and
seamen alike; boating tree.
Watchman to be supplied by this association
free of charge.
It was also resolved not to ship any men
with parties or so-called shipping masters not
in sympathy wiih this association, and ii was
further resolved that we will give good and
sufficient bonds for the fulfillment of our con
tracts.
A. P. Mordaunt, president and shipping
agent; Johu Cane, vice-president; B. Gannev.
secretary; John Curtin, treasurer; John Land
lord, chairman executive committee; D. M.
Carthy, L. Gomez, A. Nelson, B. Johnson, K.
Geto, William Dockrile, C. Lanteri, 8. Wynne,
J. Dean, Richard Brewer, L. Foster. John Cal
lander, N. Nelson, William Ahlstrom, J. K.
Shoge, John Magner.
The old steamer Eastern Oregon, for
merly of the Oregon improvement Com
pany's line, i? to be brought out of her
retirement in Oakland Creek. A few days
ago she was purchased by Charles Nelson,
Lorentz Foard and others for $5000, and
her days as a steamer are now over. The
machinery will betaken out and the hold
cleared out. Then the Eastern Oregon
will be turned into a four-masted
schooner, and it is rumored that the en
gines will be used to equip two new steam
schooners. The Oregon was a twin-screw
steamer, so she had two sets of engines,
both of which can now be utilized.
The steamer George W. Elder is having
considerable trouble in Retting rid of
10,000 cases of kerosene which she brought
down from Portland. Wharlinger George
Dryden would not aliow the stuff to re
main on the wharf over night, so the
Standard Oil Company, to which it be
longs, has been compelled to cart it away
as soon as it was discharged from the
steamer. The wharfinger is only obeying
a State law, which forbids the storing of
coal oil on a wharf, but nevertheless it is
proving very inconvenient to the steamar
ana the owners of the oil.
The whaling bark Lydia is dischargins
150 barrels of whale oil at Main street.
When she went out of commission last
season the oil was kept in as ballast. Now
that she is about to be refitted it is being
taken out, and the bark will start on
another cruise in a few weeks.
The schooner Barbara Heinster is to
have a gasoline engine put in her. This is
on account of a vigorous protest made by
the residents of Bowens lauding. F.
Hayward has a contract to carry all the
lumber produced in that part of the coun
try to San Francisco, and he has been
doing it in sailing vessels. The people
protested and said they wanted quicker
facilities. If some quicker power than
sail was not forthcoming they said they
would build steum schooners and run an
opposition line. Hayward recognized that
they were in earnest, and he at once began
putting gasoline engines in his fleet. The
Monterey, Newark and Barbara Heinster
are already equipped, and on her arrival
hero the El Rio Rev will be laid up to re
ceive her engines. The equipping of the
four schooners will cost over $20,000, but it
is thought that the increased speed and
increased trade will more than recoup the
outlay.
The steamer San Jose will sail for Pana
ma and way ports on Saturday with a big
cargo of general merchandise. Chief En
gineer McLean and Ch ief Assistant Garvey,
who remained over last trip for a rest, will
go out on the vessel in their old positions.
While the schooner R. W. Bartlett
was unloading lumber at Mission
Rock a timber fell on Henry Olsen, a
brother of the captain, and seriously in
jured him. He was taken to St. Mary's
Hospital, where his wounds were attended
to. He will probable be about again in a
few days.
Hereafter the revenue cutters will have
nctning on their sterns except the name.
A great deal of scroll work and a coat-of
arms was on all of them, but all that is to
be removed aDd everything now is to be of
the plainest. All the cutters are to be
whin?, and the work of transforming the
Bear began yesterday. Orders to the above
effect have just arrived from Washington.
The Harbor Commissioners practically
decided yesterday to give section 4 of the
seawall for a free fruit market. There is a
shed on it 500 feet long and 45 feet wide,
ao that there will be room for all. It now
remains lor the Merchants' Association,
the Horticultural Commission and the
fruit-growers to get together and make
the affair a practical success. The Harbor
Commissioners have gone as far as the
law allows them, so nothing more can be
expected from them. President Colnon is
anxious to see the thiug go through and
hopes that the various organizations
namedwill come to an understanding.
NEW TO-DAY.
O<V *£RS FA 'L c
. ' (FROM A RECENT PHOTOGRAPH).
IS DOCTOR SWEANY acknowledged as San Francisco's
LEADING AND MOST SUCCESSFUL SPECIALIST?
BECAUSE
His reputation has been established by effecting CURES of
CHRONIC DISEASES IN MEN AND WOMEN where other
physicians of acknowledged ability had failed. Diseases
which had reached a stage before which the most skilled and
experienced physicians stood powerless have yielded to hi 3
treatment, and praise and gratitude are received from RICH
and POOR.
RFfflfli-R QTUP and consider aright this unparal-
■ BEflUKfl %$ 1 111 leled and overwhelming testimony.
It means that a cure is effected of every case that is under-
taken.
FACTS ARE STUBBORNTHINGS.
CHRONIC AND WASTING DISEASES
Of the Throat, Lungs, Heart, Stomach, Bowels, Kidneys and
GENITO-URINARY ORGANS have been Doctor Sweany's study
for life. There are cases of this character which, through neg-
lect or improper treatment, are beyond medical aid, but there
are many more given up as hopeless simply because incompe-
tent physicians have failed to effect a cure. This especially
applies to diseases of the BLOOD and the GENITO-URINARY
ORGANS, and Doctor Sweany yearly saves thousands from be-
coming mental and sexual wrecks.
YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN,
If you are suffering from the effects of early indiscretions, ex-
cesses, emissions and unnatural losses, which rob the blood,
of its richness and the body of its animating influences, which
enfeeble the constitution and finally result in Impotency,
Paralysis, Softening of the Brain and Insanity if you are tor-
mented with morbid fear and your days are passed with dis-
tressing thoughts of your disease, if you are unfit for the every
day duties of life, if you have any or all of those symptoms you
are suffering from SEMINAL WEAKNESS, NERVOUS DEBIL-
ITY and their kindred causes.
THE FIRST THING TO DO
In order to get cured is to cast aside all false modesty and
place yourself under the treatment of this noted specialist.
His experience in the treatment of such diseases has been
world-wide. He has cured thousands of others and CAN
CURE YOU.
GONORRHOEA, GLEET, STRICTURE, arid that terrible and
loathsome disease, SYPHILIS, thoroughly and forever cured. •
THE POOR, who call at his offices on Friday afternoons,
are welqome to the doctor's valuable services free of charge.
Your troubles If living away from the city. Thousands are
cured at home by means of correspondence and n.edicines
sent them. Doctor Sweany's patients will get all the advan-
tages of experience and travel in Europe with diligent study in
her best Medical Institutions. Letters are answered in ENG-
LISH, GERMAN, FRENCH, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN
and DANISH. ;. .
NAMES of patients or their diseases are riot published or
exposed, but there are thousands of testimonials on file in
Doctor Sweany's private office. They are voluntarily given as
true, deep and sincere expressions of gratitude from our mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, farmers, lawyers, laborers
and literary people, who have been cured by him and made
happy. It is a part of judgment and sense to seek Doctor
Sweany first, instead of squandering away time and money
upon the uncertainties of patent medicine and picayune spe-
cialists. .
OFFICE HOURS : 9t012 A. M., 2to 5 and 7toBP. M.
1 Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. only.
ADDRESS : .
F.L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 l^a-rfeiet Street,
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL,
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BUMHAST OF THE MARREIj.
Silver advanced again.
Wheat and Barley dull and easier.
Oats lower and depressed.
Corn neglected. Rye dull.
Hay uncertain.
Beans inactive.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter and Kegs on" again.
Cheese hard!}- as firm.
Vegetables weak.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Game negl< cted.
Oranges dnll. Limes and Lemons firmer,
lirn.l Frnlts stagnant.
Hams iirmer.
Kxplanatton.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
st station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount ol
rainfall, o; melted snow in inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
connect points of equal air pressure; lso
thenns, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means hieh hmometric pressure and
Is usual! \- accompanied by fair weather; "low"
■ > low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually tirst appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
6ouib alonjMhe coast, rain is probable: hut when
■low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With a
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling :o theCaliiornla coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and coider weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
aa opposite result.
WEATHEB BUREAU REfOKT.
United states Department of Agriccltukk,
Weather Bobsatx Sax Francisco. February 26.
1896, 5 r. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of tht> same date last sea
son: Eureka "Jd. ~>. last season 32.33; Red Bluff!
13.90. !a-i Beason 25.15; San Francisco 12.4:-!. last
season 21.97: Fresno 4.09, last season 11.33: San j
i^uis Obispo 12.25, last season 22.46; Los Angeles
.V 9!, i;,-t season 11.68; I >iee" 2.32, last season
10.17; Yuma .-il>. la^i season 3.01. ; 1
'I'iie following maximum teniperatures are re
porten froin.staiions la California today : Eureka
58. Fresno 72. Los Angeles 82, Ked iihi'ft 64. Inde
e — , sun Diego 6*. San Francisco 61, San '•
spo 72. Yuma *G.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61, •
minimum 51, mean 56. Rainfall during the past
24 i.ours trace.
The pressure ig highest this evening along the
coast of Northern California and Oregon and low- I
est in the Missouri Valley ami Arizona. There has j
been a rapid fall in pressure during the day in '
Southern California and Arizona, which has ;
causer! high northwest winds throughout the !
preater portion of Southern California. Cloudy
weather prevails throughout Northern California, !
Nevada, riah, and ibence northward. Light rain I
has occurred during the past twenty-four hours I
throughout that portion of California north of San ;
Francisco. The rain has been heavy along the i
extreme Northern California coast and thence !
northward alon? the coast. The rapid fall in j
pressure in Southern California will cause colder
afr from the northward to flow into this section,
and should the conditions continue to-morrow it
will probably result in frost throughout that sec
tion Thursday night. It is too soon, however, to !
warrant a forecast of that character.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight February 27. 1896:
Northern California— Generally fair Thursday;
somewhat cooler in the southeast portion; fresh to
brisk 1 northerly winds; probably high in the south
portion.
Southern California— Probably fair; cooler Thurs
day: brisk northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair; colder Thursday.
Utah— snow or rain to-night and Thursday; still
colder.
Arizona— Partly cloudy; colder Thursday.
>an Francisco and vicinity— Probably fair Thurs
day; fresh, generally northerly winds.
W. H. Hammun, Forecast Official.
KEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 26.— The market for
stocks was irregular to-day, and in the main prices
were, inclined to weakness. Realization* seemed
to be In order, more particularly in the case of j
the grangers, Louisville and Nashville and certain i
of tii • industrials. The reaction in St. Paul was j
rather disappointing In view of the lane gains In I
net earnings for January. Rock Island -was sold I
down from 745/8 to 73V2 on the reported destruc
tion of the bridge at Rock Island. Baltimore and ;
Ohio was heavy and bro*e to 3134 on liquidations I
by holders who believe that the report of the ex
pert accountant will be very unfavorable. The
real features, however, were Sugar, Leather pre
ferred and Tobacco.
Sugar was exceptionally strong throughout and
rose to 118V-S- The strength of, the stock was nue I
tOthedefeM of the tariff bill in the Senate yester
day, Leather preferred was feverish, and ranged
between HU and 66.%, closing at 653^. The re- I
port was considered favorable. It shows profits of
5f9.8t37.554; surplus carried over from 1894
$768,756. Total, $10,154,609. Dividends paid,
6*4.010. and- surplus December 31,. 1895,
56, 470.609. Tobacco was heavy and fell to 77%
from 80. The decline was at.tr bated .to selling for
botfc'aoconrita, the result of the Introduction of bills
in the House of Representatives of South Carolina
prohibiting the selling of cigarettes.
, The depression in tobacco had an adverse Influ
ence on tl>e general market, which left off barely
steady. Net- changes show losses of W#lVi per
cent, Baltimore and Ohio leading. Sugar was an
exception and gained 1 percent, closing at lIHVs-
Total sales were 211,000 shares.
The boud market was easier in tone. The sales
were $1,692,000. Northern Pacific consol fives
declined li. to 41%; do certificates, 1 to 42;
P:tf<burr and Western fours, I*4 to 75 and Den
ver and <iulf consol fives 1 to 39.
In Government bonds' 43B7.ooo coupon fours of
19--5 sold at 117V2@U75/i,: $7,500 registered
fours at 1101,8^110'.! and $20,000 coupon fours at
1 1 M ' i .
<>rain.
. FLOUR— DuII, steady. Winter wheat, low
grades. $2 50<5j;3; winter wheat,, fair to fancy,
$2 85@3 00: winter wheat patents, $3 90(8.4 15-
Minnesota clear, 52 70©3 30; Minnesota straits,
$3@3 3»: Minnesota patents, $3 35@4 30; low i
grades, $2 50@3; city mills. $4 15@4 25; city
mills patents, $4 20@4 45; rye mixture, $2 50®
4 50; superfine, $2 10&2 70: fine, $2 00@2 25.
Southern flour— Quiet. common to fair, extra,
$2 40(3.3; Rood to choice, $3@3 30. Rye
flour — Quiet, steady, $2 40&2 65. Buckwheat
floar— sl iOnl 25.
KICK VV i it A T— 40@41c.
CORNMEAL— yellow Western, $2 20®
$2 25: Brandy wine, $2 20.
I'.Vl. -Nominal.
MA HJ-KY — Nominal.
BARLEY MAI.T-Flrm; Western, Ss@sßc.
W HEAT— Moderately active, easier. No. 2 red.
store 'and elevator. 81(&8iy*c; afloat, 82Va@
8234 c; L o. b., 823/ @B3i/ 8 c; ungraded red, 70c
<S-Hb<-; No. 1 Northern, 7(3Vi^76yoC
Options v.ere fairly active and irregular, closing
weak at %(^5/ 8 c decline, following the west, easier
cables, foreign sellinc and local realizing. No. 2
red. February, 748 A- c: March, 747/ 8 c; May, 731/ c.
June, : ; 4 c: July. 726/ B e. -, 7
CORN- scarce, firm, dull. Ho. 2, 363^c ele
vator; 37-! + c afloat. /4
Options were dull and steady at 14c decline with
the West and on local realizing; May and July
only traded In. February, 37c; .May 'and July,
37figc.
OATS— DuII, firm.
Options null, easy. February, 261,4 c: March
26 % c; May. 25% c. Spot prices: No. '.', 26V*c-
No. 2 white. 27% c; No. 2 Chicago. 2714 - no'
3, 25i/ic: No. 3 white. 26 Vac: mixed Western",
V>6V2ta/-~ : sc; whit* do and white State, 27®29a
FEED— Bran, unchanged.
- Provisions.
BEEF— Steady: unchanged. Beef ' hams quiet
$14 50^16; tierce beef, dull, steady ;' city extra
India mers. $15@16 50: cm meats, quiet: pickled
bellies 12 pounds sc; do shoulders, 4 V 2 @43^c; do
hams, SVztgS^ic. ■ "
LARD — Quiet, easy: Western . steam. $5 60®
6 021/2; city, $5; May. $5 80. Refined, quiet:
continent, $6 95; South American, $6 15; com
pound. $4 75(c.5.
PORK— Steady: old mess, $10 25@10 75.
BUTTER — Choice firm, fairly active. State
dairy, 9@2oc: do creamery held. 13@1 8 Vic: "West
ern creamery, i -Sit -"_'<•: do held, i:%l!ic; do
factory, Bi/>@l2Vfcc; Elgtns. 22c; imitation cream
ery, 11@1 5 VjC. rolls. B@l2c ■> ■■■■■' ■••. , : •
CHEESE— Fair demand: unchanged.
. EGGS— Weak; . State and Pennsylvania, 12@
12i/,c; Southern, 12 1/ icehouse, case, $1 75@
2 86: Western, fresh, lli/ 2 @l2c; duck. 13@20c.
TALLOW— Quiet; city. 313-16 c; country, 334
@4c. - j
COTTONSEED OIL— steady: crude. 21c; prime
yellow, 2f>@2si' 2 c: do off grade, 25c.
POTATOES— Kasy; sweets, $2@4 75.
RlCE— Firm; fair demand; domestic, fair to
extra. 3@s3ic; Japan, 3%@4c
MOLASSES— Firm: moderate demand; New
Orleans open kettle, good 10 choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Unchanged to 5 points down. March.
$12 4(l(<Sia 45: April, *I 2 15: May, $11 85@11 90;
June, $11. '0: July. .sll 25(d; 11 30: September,
«10 75@10 85: December, $10 50. Spot Rio dull,
steady; No. 7, 13Vic
SUGAR— Raw, quiet: steady; fair refining, 334 c;
centrifugals. 96 test, 4ypfd.4 3-16 c. Refined, quiet:'
No. 6 43 8 c: No. 7. 4 5 16 c; No. 8. 4V.>c; No. 9.
4 3-16: .No. 10. 4V ri c: No. 11, 4 11-I60: No. 12.
4c: No. 13, 1510 c. off A. 4 7-16*4 11-I6c; mold
A. 5 1 / 4 c: standard A. 6c; confectioners' A, 4"- 8 <:;
cut loaf and cn>sbed, 61/8 C; powdered and cubes,
s Vie; granulated, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots, bags, 434
@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@16c: unpeeled,4@By 2 c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. s@si4c
RAISINS— 3-crown. 3i.«ft63Vac: do 4-crown. 414
@sc; do London layers, Bs<s9sc; do clusters, .fl 25
<§\ 45.
ALMONDS— Soft-shell, 7y @Bc; do paper-shell,
11 '.'c.
WALNUTS— Soft-shell, 8V 2 @loc; standard, 6%
@7c.
HOPS — Quiet; State, common to choice, 2 1 /z
@8c: Pacific Const. 2y.@Bc: Ixindon market
steady : Pacific, 30@405.
v\'OOL — Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, 22c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, »@l3.
Merchandise.
PIO IRON— Steady; American. $11 75@13 60.
COPPER— Quiet: Lake. $10 90011 10.
LEAD— Firm; Domestic, $3 20@3 23' ■..
TlN— Quiet: straits. 12 35@12 40; plates, quiet.
BPtLTEK-Firm; Domestic. S4@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 26.— As on yesterday
Liverpool designated an upward course for wheat
prices, so to-day because of an Indifferent action
at that place this market opened easier, and the .
trade exhibited much bewilderment at the situa
tion. Fine weather was reported from all direc
tions, and the movement in the Northwest was
free. Under the circumstances prices were not
strong, and many of yesterday's buyers were not
at all averse to disposing of their property. Re
ceipts In the Northwest were 441 cars against 332
last Wednesday and 335 a year ago. Chicago had
57 cars, and inspected out 110.652 bushels. The
trade was scattering most of the day, • the lpcal
crowd covering some wheat about the middle of
the session, the effect of which was to cause a rally
from the inside quotations. Continental cables
were irregular. Export clearances of wheat and
flour aggregated 351,481 bushels. Slav wheat
opened from 67y»c to 6t>"'ac, sold between 671.4 c
and 66y 2 c. closing at 8646908*4.0. 3,ic under yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 40
cars.
CORN— The receipts of corn, 465 cars, while far
less than those of yesterday were still greatly In
excess of the estimate, and taken in connection
with the easier lone of wheat gave an unfavorable
impression to buyers at the opening. The open
ing was lower, and prices continued to rule easy
later. Withdrawals from store were 68,280 bush
els. Liverpool cables were 'id higher. Export
clearances amounted to 257,171 bushels. May
corn opened at 30 3 /ic, sold between 303 i®3(i"/ 8 c
and 30y2@30$'8C. closing at B @3o3ic i 4 @3- 8 c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 350 cars.
OATS— Took part in the general loss of firm
ness. The business was insignificant and afforded
speculators little chance for action. Receipts were
224'ars. There were no withdrawals from store.
May closed Vie under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for tomorrow 245 cars.
FLAX— Was steady; cash, 90y 2 c; May, 91
@9iy 2 c. Receipts were 19 cars.
PROVISIONS— The same story as 'yesterday
was to be reported in provisions, ilogs were lower
and product simply followed the same course.
Reduc«d consumption of hog meat is reported in
explanation of the dullness prevailing in this
market. May pork closed 2Vj(«sc lower, May
lard a shade lower and May ribs 2 i/2 c lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT-February, 643 8 May, 665, B @66S4c;
July, 661 oc.
• CORN— February, 28%@29c; May, 305 B ra,3U« 4 c:
July, 316/g@3l3/ic.
OATS— February. 20c: May, 21VJC; July,
2]:* go.
PORK — May, $9 821 :,; July, $9 971/2-
LARD— May. *5 47y 2 : July, $5 65.
RIBS— May, $5 12* »; July, *5 2v;y a .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Feb. 26. — The
arrivals of cattle were light to-day, but the de
mand was slow and prices were 10c lower. The
receipts of hogs were large, and buyers were dis
posed to hold off. Prices declined 5c to 10c. The
demand for sheep showed a falling off, and as a
consequence prices declined 10c.
CATTLE-ReceiDts. 16,000. Fancy beeves, $4 40
(&4 50; choice toprime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
?4@4 35: good to choice Bteers, 1200 to 1600
pounds. $3 80@3 75; medium steers, 1150 to 1300
pounds, $: . 50(g,3 76: common steers. 950 to 1200
pounds, £3 'J 5(g,3 45: feeders, 900 to 1200 pounds,
*3f>o(a3 90: stocKers. 600 to 900 pounds, $2 76
@3 50: bulls, choice to extra. $3<g<3 35: cows, poor
to good canners. $1 60@2 45; cows and heifers,
extra, $3 50@3 75: cows, fair to -choice. $2 50©
3 40: veal calves, good to choice, $5@6 25: calves,
common to good. $3@5: Texas fed steers.
$3 10(<£3 85; Texas bulls, oxen and cows. •%' 36@
3 35: milkers and springers, per head. 520@40.
HOGS— Receipts. 32.000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 75@3 85; common to choice
mixed, $:-t75®4: choice assorted. $4@4 05;
light. *3 70@4 07 y 2 : pigs. $3 10@4.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50(3,3 65; lambs, $3 60(34 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. , "
Money on call . has been easy at 3@4*: last
loan at 4%, and closing offered at'4V. Prime mer
cantile paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, GB-%c. Mexican dol
lars. 64V;@B5V2<'- Sterling exchange is steady, with
actual business in banters' bills at $4 S6i/ 2 @4 863,^
for sixty days ana $4 87y 2 @4 873,4 for demand.
Posted rat»», ?4 87@4 88y 2 . Commercial bills,
*4 8534(£4 SB 1 *. Government bonds steady;. State
bonds dull; rauroaa bonds easier. .silver at the
board was quiet.
'.-,- • UOMNB KTOOIM.
Am Tel & Cable,... 91 [Norfolk & West... 2s/ 8
Atchlson- 17 ! Preferred.. By
Preferred '. 271 8 North American... 5i /2
Adams Express. ..148 Northern Pacitlc.. 4i, 4
A lion, Haute. 58 ! Preferred ........ 153^
American Express. 11l Norm western 10*,',,
American Tobacca 78Vis Preferred 145
Preferred. 101 N. Y. Central 9sl /8
BayStateGas 24 N. Y. Chlcago&3.l« lifi)j,
Baltimore <E Ohio.. 32 ! Ist preferred e7 ya
Brunswick Lands.. „*/* lid preferred 2«
Buffalo. Roch^ P. 10y 2 iN. Y.&N. H... 184
Canada I'aciUc »7 N. Y.<tNew F.n«. 44
Canada Southern.. f>oy 2 N. Y. susq & W... 10
Canton Land . 60"-'8 Preferred 2814
Central Pacific.... Ontario. , 12
I Cce».<tOhio 8 Ontario <£ Western. 153/
Chicago Alton l-'^ Oregon Improvinc. -
Preierrea 170 i Preferred
Chicago. a. & Q.... 79% .Oregon Navigation. 11
Chicago AE. 111... 43 Orecon Short Ltu«. 7
Preferred »» Pacific Mali.. 295/ 8
Cblcagouas 63 Peon a. D. & Evans. 3' 8
Cleve & Pittsburg. 160 Pittsburgh W pfd. 20
Consolidation Coal. 3* l Pullman Palace.. ,lr>B
Consolidated Ga5.. 159 wulcksllver 1%
C. C. C. <fe St. Louis. 37% Preferred. 15
Preferred 891/2 Reaaing J 3i/ 8
Cola Fuel & Iron.. 32 Vi RioGrande 16 '
Preferred 94 j PreJerrea. 44i/
Cotton Oil Cert.... 17'iRock Island 73 Vs
Commercial Cable. 155 P.omeWat <tOgdenllsi/.,
Del. Hudson 1271.4 St. L. & S. W 51/4. '
Del.Lack<tWesternl6iy 2 Preferred. 123,7
Denverd: R. G 13 '• 4 St. Paul.. 7 7 K /t
Preferred. -94 Preferred.' 129 i/» 1
j Distillers 18V 2 et. Paul A Dulath. 27ia i
; General Electric... ■Hi\'g 1 ■ Preferred ... 90 I
Erie 16V4 6t. Paul «t Omaha. 4134
Preferred **Vil Preferred 12* '
I Fort Wayne.. 162 St. P. M. <fe to 10-i
j GreatNorthempfa.llo silver Certincat>vt. . 69i/ 8
i Green ij»y .y 2 Southern Pacific... iUi,-,
■ Harlem 29° Southern K. R.. 10i
i Hocking C0a1...... 2 Preferred 3*3/8
j Hocking Valley... 16% cuirnr Refinery....! 18
i 11 om estate 30 i Preferred ...... 101
H. & Texas Cent_. I V4 1 enn. Coal A Iron. 32r, /R :
j Illinois Central.... 98 | Preferred 100
I lowa Central. '1 exas Pacific... .. H»A i
Preferred ..... 36f ya ToI.A.A.A N.Micd.
i Kansas A Texas. _ 13 1 01. & Ohio Cen.... :0
. Preferred 30 14 Preferred.. 66
Kingston A Pern... 3 1 ol. St. Louis A K_U 3
Lake Erie. A Westn "HA 1 Preferred.... 10
Preferred. 74 i /4 Union Pacific 8
Lace Shore 149 V. P.. Den. <£ Oult 41/2
National Lead 2534 U.SvCordagß....... 55/ a '
Preferred 87i, 4 | Preferred .11
Long Island B'Va ! Guaranteed _ 22
Louisville A Nash. '>4i U. S. Express 44
Louisville NaA Ch. 9.v s U. S. Leathor 10
Preferred 23 , Preferred..; 65%
Manhattan Consoi. I'M :y. U. S. Rubber 27Va
Mempnis A Charls. 15 i Preferred 85.
Mexican Central... 11% Dtica AB. River. .l6l
Michigan Central.. 96 Wab. S. L. A Pac.. 714
Al:m:«ts. jl.. ; ! Preferred ..... 183/ i
Preferrea jWells-Fargo «8
Minn. A fit. L com. 21 Western Union.... 84%
Ist preferred 81 1/2 is Central 4Vs
2d preferred S! Va Wheeling AL. E.. 1 1 y a
Missouri Pacific.... '24 1 Preferred......... 37
Mobile A Ohio 21 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64
Nashville Chatt.... 70 IW U Beef 914
National Linseed.. 16 L I Traction- .'..... 2li/ 3
N.J. Centra 1.......107. ......107 Ann Arbor.... 11
I IT"- IN« si>yw.
I' 4t, rfc .109y |M X T2ds 62i,i
Do, 4s coupon... 110 Do, 4s 8«» 2
V X 4s newreg.....H7y 2 Mutual Union 65... 116 '
Do, is coupon. ..117V2i x J Cent Gen 55... 119
Da 'in ...95 Northern Pac lsts.ll7
Do, 6s .......H31.4 .Do, 2ds ,110y«
Do. 6s coupon.... 11: hi/ 4 Do, 3^s .......... 7P
Cherokee. 1896.100 N ortn west Consols. 139 Vi
Do. 1897 100 I Do.deb 6s 110
- D 0.189- 100 «O RA N 15t5......11l
; Do. 1899... ....... ltO StL<fclronMtGen6s 80%
Paciflc 6s 0f '95.... Ist LA 6Fu«n 6s. 107i<a
D. C. 3-6 55.... 110 ft Paul Consols ...127
Ala Class A 4 108 St. P. C. APa lsts. 11 5 Va
Do. Class 84, 6s. 108 ! Do. Pac Cal lsts.. 11l -
La C0n50i 45.. ...... 99 Southern R. It. Us. 93 '
Missouri funding..— , . Texas Pacific firsts BHi/ a
N Carolina con 65.. la 2 | Texas Pac seconds. 23%
Do, 4a...... ...... 103% LnionPac Istor96.
Po Carolina 4^5...106'ys West Shore 4a... ..106 ' *
lenn new as 86V a Mobile A Ohio 4s. 68V2
V a funding debt...' 61 y a It Grande West lsis 773/.
s°. Reg ChesAO6s 109 i
Do. deferred 65... 6y Atchlson 4»........ ',384
Do. trust rcptii st 6- 7 j Do. 2ds A. ....... 28
Canada South 2ds.. 106% O II & S A 65...... 105
ten .racists 01 95 101 Do. 3d 7a. 101 Vi
■ '■" "~* ' ■ ' . . ' "■ '' "'■ -: ; *"■'■'. "** v- -* ■ ■"■_-" *-..-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
Den AR G 15t.....113ii / * ! H A Tex Cent 5t.. 110
Do. 4s 9ui^ Do. con 6a........ 105
*-rie2ds ..... 74 % Reading 4s •78
Kansas rPa Consols 76 vfe Missouri bs ,.,.. 100
Kb i'a ists Den dlvlOS y a '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRPOOIj.
LIVERPOOL, Exii., Feb. 26.— The spot market
Is firm at 5s 8i /2 d@ss 9V»d. Cargoes are firm at
28s arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 6s 73/ 4 d; March, 65.7% a: April, 6s Byid;
May, 6s 85/ 8 u; June, 5a By d.
6ECITRITIK3.
LONDON. Kno.. Feb. 26. Consols. 09 t»-16;
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 87y B e. .
. EXCHANGE AXIJ BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.'... — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
sterling Cables — 4 8814
New York Exchange, sight .77.. — , Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, ounce — 08%
Mexican Dollars S.OVj 66
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market is dull and rather easier. ;
No. 1. $1 12y 2 @l 13%: choice, $1 16; lower
grades, $1 05@l 10; extra choice for milling,
$1 20$ l 27>/i $ ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, $1 143,4. »
Regular morning Session— May— 6oo tons,
*] 1*1*; 100, $1 146/ 8 . December— 3oo, $1 146/ 8 :
1100, $1 14y».
Afternoon SKSBIOX — December — 200 tons,
*1 14%. May -200. $1 14%.
BARLEY— Was easier again yesterday and very
dull. Feed, 67U> ( a>70c ¥1 ctl; choice, 71i4@72y
Brewing, 76@8;jy 2 c.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— loo tons,
74c.
. Aftkksoos session— May— 4oo tons, 74S/ S c.
OATS— AII grades except Milling are still lower,
and the market is dull and weak at the decline.
Milling, 76<<i80c ~& ctl; fancy Feed, 77y 2 @Boc «*
ctl: good to choice. 70@75c; common to fair, HO
f6sc; Gray, 67y 2 (#75c; Red, for seed, 65c(Si$l 06;
Black, 65r(g,$l lo; Surprise, 90@96c.
CORN— There were no receipts yesterday. The
market continued neglected and weak, with heavy
offerings. Large Yellow, 87y a @9oc 9 ctl; email
Hound do, 9E@97y 2 c: White, «o(giß2y c.
RYE-80@8-'y 2 c ft ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Unoted at Sl@l 26 * ctl.
FLOUR ANI> MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 3921 bbls.
Net cash prices are: Family extras, ?H yOia.l '<pl
bb' . Bakers' extras, $3 80@3 90; superfine, $2 76
@2 85 %i bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, f2O 60@21;
Cracked corn, S2l(gi2l 60 1? ton.
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-tb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 3 Vic: Rice Flour. 7V 2 c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3V30: Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat Groats. 414 c: Hominy, 4@4i/4c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 3 c: Farina,
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4y a c;
Pearl Barley, 4y 3 c; Split Peas, 434 c; Ureen Uo,
6y*c $ it>. >_
HAY AND FEEDSTtTFS.
BRAN— sl2@l3 f 1 ton. jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS-$16@17 for lower grades and $18
@19 "$ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF**— Rolled Barley, $16@17 ton:
oil take Meal at the mill, $21 (* ton; jobbing,
821 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, »21.
HAY — It Is a weather market at the moment. If
It rains dealers look fora decline, if it does not they
exited an advance. Receipts are small. Wheat,
?8@12; Oat.sß@9 <a ton; Wheat and Oat. $S@11;
Barley, $7@9: a Haifa, if7@9; Clover. $0(2,0 50;
Compressed, $7(<SlO 50; Stock, $6i&7 %* ton.
STRAW— 3S@tSOc 9 bale. •
BEANS AND SEED*.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at ?I@l 10 fi'
ctl: Small Whites, $1 26@1 60 V> ctl; Pea, $1 40
(31 60 %». ctl; Large Whites, $1 10@l 20; Pink.
i)oc@¥l 10: Reds, $1 30@l 60: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, $1 60@l 66; Lluias, t'i 25@2 65;
Butters, $1 50@l 65 ** ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 91 95@2 05: Trieste,
$2©2 20 9 ctl; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60:
Flax, ?1 70@l 75; Canary, 3i.4@3i/ 2 c * lh: Alfal
fa, 5(u.7c V tb; Rape, l%@2c V- tb; Hemp, 4c V lb.
DRIED PEAS-$1 25@1 40 %i ctl for Mies and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 4c fi Ib. Stockton
Sweets are quotable at $1 50(§)l 75 fA ctl; Mer
ced Sweets, $1 75@2 25 1* ctl: Salinas Burbanks.
60@9<ic $ ctl; lUver Burbanks, So@3sc $S sack:
Oregon Burbanks, -iu(o,t>Oc; Oregon Garnet Chi.'cs,
60@70c; River Reds, 60<&60c %*ctl; Early Rose,
40(<$50c: l'etalumas and 'i omales, 35(g,40c.
UNlON'S— Quiet and weak. Good to choice, 60@
75c 1% ctl; Cut Onions, 40@50c; Oregon. 75c@$l
. VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 191 boxes Aspar
agus und 247 boxes Rhubarb and 45 sacks Teas.
Rhubarb now sells by the box. Tomatoes are
plentiful and lower.
Mexican Tomatoes are quotable at $1 r>oa»l 75
i» box: Cucumber*, 75c@$l 60 t* dor: Asparagns,
6@7c ft lb for ordinary and B@loe for choice:
Rhubarb, ?l(a.l 50 # box; Mushrooms. 12y 2 @2oc
V- lb; Dried Peppers, B@>loc V H>: Green Peppers.
f» lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75c(<wfl 35 '«* bx;
Green Peas. 2@4c %< Hi for Los Angeles and 4(<£6c
for Bay; String Bean's. 10(ail2y«c 9 lb: Dried Ukra,
12y c; Cabbage, (a ROc ctl; Garlic, 4@sc V &<;
Marrowfat bquash, $30 > ton.
BITTKK, tIIKLSE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Prices continue to decline and the
market is very weak.
Chkamkry— Fancy, 24@2Hc; special brands go
higher: seconds, 22@23c t» lb.
Dairy- Fancy. 23c %* lb: good to choice, 2iy a «
22y2c; lower grades, 2U@2l.c.
East km—L adle-p acked, 14@18c %4 tb.
CHEESK— Arrivals are somewhat larger and the
market Is not as linn. Fancy mild new Is quotable
at 12@13c V ib; common to good, 10@llc p lb;
Cream Cheddar, 12(*i:ic %i lb; Young America, 12
•g)l3c; Western, l - 2 @l3c; Eastern, 13@14c.
EGGS— There was the usual decline yesterday
and th»- market was very weak. Store Eggs, 10®
lie; ranch Eggs, 12@13c %i dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Another car of Eastern came In.
selling a; $7 lor Ducks, $1 75 for Geese, $5@5 50
for Hens, $6 60@7 for young Roosters and $4 60
for old Roosters.
Live Turkeys were dull and weak. No dressed
Turkeys came In. Young Roosters were in de
mand ami linn. 1
Live Turkeys, 10c tb for Gobblers and lie
7?. lb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, : Geese %*
pair. $1 'Js@l 75; Ducks. $4 50(0i6 for old and *6
lal for young; liens. $3 50&4 50 V doz: boosters
young, $6@7: do, old, S3 50@4: Fryers, $5 50
@6: Broilers. $4 50@5 for large and $3 50&.4 tor
■mall; Pigeons. $2 25&2 60 f» doz for young and
$1 75fg>2 for old. . .
<iAMK— Gray Geese. $I@l 50; White Geese,
s(.ic: Jsrant, 76c: Honkers, $2; Hare, 60@76c-
Rabbits, ?I@l 25 for Cottontails and 76c V, Coz for
small. 
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— BSc@SI Ift box for good to choice, 60
1g,75c for common in fair ami $1 26@1 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITB — Lemons and Limes are
firmer. Oranges are dull at 60c@$l «t box for
i Seedlings and $1 50@2 50 for Navels: frozen stock
1 goes down to nothing; Lemons, ?I@l 60 for com
mon and $2(22 75 for .good to choice: Mexican
Limes. $s<a!i 60 '$ box: California Limes. 65@86c
-1 Bananas; $1 26@2 50 '<& bunch; Pineapples, ?2(*5
j '-p- dozen .
j DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
j the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lois-Apples, 2y 2 @3c '$. Tb for quar
tered. 3(p.3i/2C ¥• lb for sliced and 414 c » n> for
evaporated: Peaches, 3y 2 ®4c ~<s lb and 6y 2 @6c
lor fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7Va<a
?.'-<.c for prime to choice. 9V»c for fancy and lOfm
lie i?. tb for fancy Moorpark: Figs.' blacK 2Vic
\ for undressed: White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears
] 7c -V ib for evaporated Halves. 4(a,6Vic ¥ lb for
I quarters; mines. 3%@4c: Plums, 4c tb for pit
ted and ly 2 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6®6c
%>. lb for prime to choice and 6y ? c for fancy,
Jobbing Prices— Apples, 4@4y 2 c: Peach 3<a
I 4c on* 5c for faucy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y 2 c;
I Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c * for 40@50's
! and 6c for 50@6O's; Apricots. 6@9y 2 c for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark- Figs
black, '_'i4@2%c: White Figs, 3@sc; Pears. 6V,c
for evaporated halves and 3@sy a c for quarters-
Plums, 3y 2 @4c lor pitted ana l@iy 2 c for un
pitted: Nectarines. 4@sc tb for prime to choice
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES-Prices are as
follows, carload lot?, f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon
don layers, 85@90c 'f, box; four-crown, loose, 33 /4 c
? tb: three-crown, loose, 2y 4 c $> tb; two-crown,
vc: seedless Sultanas, 3»4@4c; seedless Muscatels
2V 2 @'-'»4c: three-crown London layers. 70c : clus
ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters. 92 10@2 26-
Imperial clusters, ?2 60@2 76; Dried Grapes, 2y c
orbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c- 3
crown, 2i4@2V 2 c: 2-crown, l» / 4@2c; Seedless Sul
tanns. 3S/ 4 @4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2y 2 c: 3-crown
London layers, 85c@$i; clusters. $1 40®l 60;
Dehesa clusters, $ 2 25; Imperial clusters, 76
Dried Grapes, 2 Vic. • ■ -■-•=■ ..v" •
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc iS **>'' Walnuts. 7(,aßc
IP Ib for No. 1 hard and ftrd,9y for FOftshell, job-
Dinclots; Almonds, 6@7y;c lor Languedoc and
By a @loc for paper-shell, Jobbing; Peanuts, s@6c
for Eastern and sy 2 @4y a c for California; Hickory
Nuts, s©6c; Pecans, 6c tor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B<s9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc » lb:
Cocoanuts. ?4 6V)@5 $ 100. "rVv
HONEY— Comb is quotable at .. 10@12c fl flb
for bright and B@9c f, tb for lower grades; wat«r
whlte extracted, 6@5y 3 c ¥ Ib; light amber ex
tracted. 4V4@4»4c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2®3c.
BEEHWAX-24@27c * lb. • «""- ,
PROVISIONS. .
CURED MEATS— Hams are very firm and some
dealers are asking | 3 c advance. ■ Bacon, 6V^c lor
heavy, 7 Vic for Ugh; medium, 9y a c for light. 10y 3 n j
for extra light and 12y 2 c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Suear-curea Haras. ll^(^l2c;'Caltfornia: Hams,
10i.Va.llc; Mess Beef, $8 f( bbl; extra mess no,
$8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, Jfß^ bbl;
extra clear. $1B V* bbl; mess. $14 '?■ bbl: Smoked
B«;ef, 10@10y 3 c %i lb. . .
■ LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable at 6y 2 c
lb {or compuuua Ana 8c for pure; palls, 8Vao; Call
fornla tierces, 6c for compound and 6V2C for pure:
hnlf-bbls, 63,ic- 10-lb tins, 7 1 Ac; do 6tb, 73Ac W lb.
COTTOLENK— 7VaC in tierces and 8c « & In 10
--tt> tins. , .- : ; ;
HIIJKS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers, 76
9 lb: culls and brands. (5c %>. lb; medium, 8c: culls
nnd brands. sc; light, 6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, 6@6y 2 c: culls and brands, 4@4 ] /ac; salted
Kin. Be $ ib; salted Calf, He V lh: salted veal.
6c; ary Hides, lOftSllc; culls and brands. 7@7y 2 c;
dry Kin and Veal, 9c: • culls. 6J^@7c: dry Calf, |
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20®35c each: Kids, 6c: ;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(^30c: medium 'J6(^> ;
25c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
15" o«/.k. short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40
@50c each ; long wool. tJ5c eacn. Culls of all kinds
about y 2 c less. • '•-'.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3y 2 @4c: No. 2, Sc;
refined. 3 @6«/ic- Grease, 2i/ 2 c i* lb. • •■• ■-■ :
WOOL— \Ve quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9(gni c 1^ ib; San Joaquinand Southern. 3<s6c;
Nevada, 9c %4 tt). - - - ' <- j.t ■ \
HOPS— Nominal quotations of 2y @sc represent
the market. -'11-^^: :^-
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. \
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
f4 a @4 25; San Quentin, $4' 20; Wool Bags,
2-i@26c. .' . ■
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 9 ton:
New Wellington, 98; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50
V i"i:: Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay
$4 50; Wnllseud, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; limn bo,
*7 60: Cumberland, $13 50 In bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg. — — ; Cannel. $S: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. *7 60; Coke, $10 60 in
bulk and $12 60 Q ton in sacks'. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed all 6c: Dry Granulated, 63/ 8 c;
Confectioners' A, 6yic: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C. 45/ ; Golden C, 4y 2 c; half-barrels, Vie moru
than barrels, and boxes 'Ac more. .
SYRUP— in bbis, 15c; BlacK Strap, 10c
9 gal. . ■
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers areas follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5y 2 e; second quality,
4y 2 @sc; third do. 3i/ 2 @4c "$ tb. .
VEAL— Large, 6@bc; small. 6@7c IS lb. v: <
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@6y 2 c; Ewes, 6c "& Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 7@Bc Ifr lb.
PORK— Hogs, 4i,4c for large and 4i/4(543/ 8
for small: dressed do, 6&HI4C * lb. . .
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 IIODR3.
nonr. nr. sVt« 12,653 Pelts. Ddls..» ;■ 85
Washington 4,438 Wine, gals. -..74,400
Wheat. cUs X.660 Butter, ctls -328
Washington 4,210 Cheese, ci 15.. ..-...- 14
Barley, ctls 695 Eggs, d0z.... 11,130
Oats, ctis 15 Quicksilver, flasKs 120
Washington 470 Lime, bbls 81
Beans, sks. 400 Lumber. M feet... ' 10
Potatoes, sks. 2.177 Leather, rolls 120
Washington 39^ Paper, reams 6,280
Onions, sks 477 Tallow, ctls 14
Kr»n, aim 970 Broom Corn, bales 539
Middlings, alts... 2HO Wool, bis 28
Hay. tons. 170 Flaxseed, Wsh, sk 300
Straw, tons 9 Hops, bis. 100
Hides, no 295 1 Washington...., 100
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Business was dull again in mining stocks at un
changed prices.
The Stock and Bond Exchange made a good
showing. The sugar stocks were strong and active,
hut weakened somewhat at the close. There was
a sale of $25,000 of the new Issue of United States
4 per cent bonds at 117y 3 .
Banit of California stock sold at 235, the highest
price in several years, and that price wns bid for
more, with 240 asked.
The yield of the Overman mine for the week end-
Ing February 22 was 7 tons and 1075 pounds of
ore, which was extracted from the north drift on
; the 900-foot level. The assay value of the ore per
car samples was $53 92 per ton. On the 1100- foot
level the Caledonia southwest; drift has been ex
tended 10 feet. Total length 35 feet, past east
crosscut 1. Formation, porphyry, with seams of
quartz.
in the Confidence mine west crosscut 1 from
the surface tunnel is being repaired. Prospecting
In the "crosscuts from the end of the north drift, 60
feet above the surface tunnel, is still going on.
There were extracted during the week ending Feb
ruary '2.A. twenty carloads of ore, the average top
car sample assay of which shows an assay value
of $21 per ton. , -
Gray Eagle— During the past week have taken
out 40 feet, of bedrock on grade of track. Lnid 10
feet of track on same and put up 40 feet of air pipe
and run A crosscut 8 f«et toward file south vein.
Have y.i feet of milling gravel at the face which
prospects well. The formation above it Is cement
boulders and gravel. The surface of the bedrock
has a very slight raise up the channel, and every
thing is looking favorable. :\: :■;<•:
Savage— On the 950 level at the face of the
north prospecting drift from the west crosscut
eighth floor of the north upraise they are moping
ore above and below the -ill floor of this drift.
from the eighth floor of the cast crosscut they
have upraised and connected with the north drift
from the twelfth floor. This connection affords
good ventilation ;: the upraise is in good ore from
top to bottom.
In the east crosscut at a point 35 feet south of
the north upraise they have started a south pros
pecting drift and advanced the same 12 feet; fuce
is In low grade quartz. During the week they have
extracted and hoisted 81 cars of . ore from this I
level ; oar samples average $25 81 per ton.
Bullion valued at $1425 has been received from
the Mayflower gravel mine. , ' .
At the weekly executive session of the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange an extension of two weeks'
time was allowed mining companies In which to
pay up their annual dues.
The annual meeting of the Potosl Mining Com
pany will be held March 11. _
. - BOA It I > SALES..
Following were the sales In the Baa Francisco
Stone Board yesterday:
kkoui.ah morn-iv'i niMtnx rowvu^tin <*: 80.
100 B &8....76100G A; C 33 500 Savage.. ..4s
150 8u1wer....20 250 HAN... 1.30 200 ... .46
100 18 3000ph1r....1.25 300 Union C...50
60 Ch01iar....56 300 S A'ev 38 250 V Jackt..37
600 CC*V....1.9.5|
AFTFRNOOSf SESSION— 2:30.
200 Alnha ... 12 200 H<fcN .... 1.30200 Oecldtl... 92
100 8u1wer....18 200 Julia ..06 150 0phir...1.30
400 h011ar... 57 200 Mexican. . 67 300 Ovrmn.:.. 15
400 CC&V...1.9&200 Mono ....15 200 Polos .....47
100 Kzonqr ;..06400 Occld. 90 100 ..:... 48
100 G «fc c 38200 91400 Union. ..,62
Following were the sales in the Pad flo Stock
Board yesterday:
KKOHT.AH RWMTOX — 11:11.
200 Alpha 12150 Confi 95 500 0cc1dt1.... 91
200 Alia. 13!500C N V 06 200 0i)hir...1.25
100 Andes 14 400 Crown ft. 36 400 Ovrmn. ...14
300 8e1cher....24!600Exchqr....05 300 P0i05i.....47
300 Bill 76 300 0 4 C.....37 1500 Savaee...4ti
200 8u11i0n. ...11 250 H&N 1.27 V.. ftOO 45
400 12200 Justice. ...10 500 S B<& M...06
800 500 Kent uck.. os 4oo SNot 38
400 Caleda....oi> 400 Mexican..s6 500 Union C...60
300 dialing. .Xli'2oo Occld 89200 Utah 10
600 Chonar.....'>7 200 .90400 V Jaclcet..36
800CC<fcV..l.«5 |
AJTtBVOONT BKSSIOV— 2:33. .
200 Alta 13200 C Point... Overmn...ls
200 8e1c1ier....23 300 G & C...... 38 200 Potosl 46
350 B<S 8. '....761100 UdtN ..1.30300 47
100 Kodie 34 100 ..1.30M,700 Savage. ...46
200 Bullionl2i/ 2 200 Mexican... Scorpion..o2
200 Bulwer... 19100 Mono 13200 S N0v.... 38
100 Cha11ge.. .36 800 0cc1d11....90 500 S Hi 11.. ....02
600 Ch011ar. ...67 100 . .91*300 Union. ....50
300 ..'.... 55300 ...92 300 Utah. 10
100 CCA. V.. 1.95 200 1.271/2*400 YJacket..37
lOOConn 98J _______ i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 26-4 p.m.
Bi<l.Aikrc!.\ Bi<l.Atk«l.
Alpha C0n..... VI 13 Jackson.. 40 50
Alia.. 14 15 Julia. 06 06
Andes 14 15 Justice ........ 10 11
Belcher 23 26 Kcntucr. 05 06
Best Belcher. 7ts 77 Lady Witt..., — 'un
BentonCon 30 36 Mayflower .1.501 .60
Bodie '82 34 Mexican 66 58
Bullion ...... 12 13 Mono .......... 16 10
Bulwar m 18 19! Mt. Diablo 15 —
Caledonia 05 07 Nevada Queen. — 05
Challenge (Jon. 35 «37 Occidental »a 94
CholJar... 67 68Ophir... 1.25 ISO
Con. Uai. A Va. 1.95 2.oo.Overman 14 15
Con. Imperial. 01 02 I'otosi .'. 47 48
Confidence — l.Uo|»avace 46 46
Con.NewYorit — OB teg. Belcher... 06 07
Crown Point... 36 37 Bierra Nevada, 38 , 39
EiislSierraMav — Scorpion. 02 . —
Exchequer..... — .06 Sliver Hi 11... ., 01 02
Eureka C0n.... 25 —Syndicate...... 02- —
Gould <t Curry. 67 39 Union C0a..... 61 62
Hale Jxorcr*. 1.30 1.35 Ut*h;. ;...-...„ 09 10
10wa... — ,04 Yellow Jacket. 37 39
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 26-2 p. m.
T7NITKD STATES BONDS.
JSM. A iked. '■' • : '.'r~\7 '■■ Btrf. Atltei.
' 0 S4BCoap..lOfls / 4 -' — - V 843 reg...109K4 —
Do. new 15...117V41l7 3 /i ,
MI«C;KI.I.A>KOir» BOVDI.
Cal-BtCbless.UoVi — ' IDo. 2d In 6s. — - _
CalKlecl,6s.lO6 — P&OKy6s.los 120
CntraCWSs. — 100 P&ChKv6s. - 106 •
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RK6!i. — 1161 A
Ed»nL<tP 6».105iyi — Reno. WL<fclj — 105
F&CH KR6s. — 1071/z KlverW Co6s — 100 '"'
tiearv-stßss. — 105 l^actoP & . 100 IOIJS4
lx>sAngl,Bß. — 101 SF&NPRRSi 993/iio'n^
•Do,Gnted.6s.loiy,lo3 bPKRArIz6s — ' 85
Alkt-atCble6sl23 — SPP.RCaI6s..IO9 ' —
Doßyronss..loßV4lO» SPRRCaIDs- — 97v.
NevCNgß7s. 98 105 BPBrRCal6s. — .' 98
NPCRR6».IOiy 2 - BVWater6s..l22i/ ; — '
NRyCal6s. — 106 |feVWater4s._ »9i/2 993^
NRy(Jaiss. — 103 Slkin(i<&KSslO2 103 V«
Oak (ias 55..103y 2 — SunstT&T6s. 100 —
Do. 2dlss6s.lO2Va — Kutter-stRSs.HO ' —
Omnibus 65.. 119% — ViaallaWC6« — 9-4
PacKollMUs.. - - I - ,
■.. ." , WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 40 — I San Jose — 95
MarinCa... 49 — |SprlngVaUey 98% 9914 i
". .'.■:"; bar STOCKS. ', ' " > '■';:.•
i Capital. _ 89 iPaciflc Light. 4% . —
Central.. .. 95 — SanFrancsco 7»ia 73Vq
OakQLAH. 61 - 61V 4 Stockton. .... — UlVa
i'acGaalmp. 7Ky a 79 j ; ■
SAVINGS BANK STOCKY ij '■ ■'.'.
GerS&LCo.. — 1460 Loan.. — 102 i.
HmnbS&L.IOOO — Security..... . 24o #■= —
Mutual...... _ 41 Union Trust.Bos —
SavUnlon4BO —
■ ' ' ... . . * COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATU. — — ILondonPAA.l29y 3 132y 3
Anglo-Cal... 681/4, - |LondonASfc\. _ ■■ 30
■ Bank of Ca1.. 285 — Merch Ex. 11l —
CaISD&TCo.. 578/ 8 58 LNevada /. - -
FlrstNatlonLl7B '* - Bather Co- - -
Grangers.... — — :
1 '.' '- -.'> ' : i-Nsnr.AXci stocks.
FlremansjFd.l6o 170 |5un. .......:.. 60 —
■■: ..BTBKKT RAILROAD STOCKS. "'
|ggß£? J B* 70 H !f
Market-5t.... 46y 4 2 Sutter-st. - -
; , ' ' POWDKK STOCK?.
Atlantic D... 15 - |j,,Q S on - -
orn1 *—- - -»8 IVigonu - 1
"i*nt. is 19 I
 .-.;, • Mlsricl,i, A Mj, o ,; stocks
BlkTO*^"- 93 % -T °ceanlcS3Co - 20
RlkDCoalCo. - 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 -
(«nrl?/ V " ~ I<a c Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — _ PacIANCo. — SO
Edison Light. »7y a 99 Pac Roll Mill 29% ' «Vi
OaßCouAssn. — — ;ParfPaintOo. 63,. 7Vi
hS 'Jt&A*- 85 92i/ a PacTransCo. -'" 24 ■ *
HawC&SCa. 14 15 PacTATCo .55 -
IlutchSPCa. 18 19 SunsetT&T.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. _ _ United CCu.. ■—.
MerExAssnlOO 110 I
! \ MORVIN-l BKSRIOV
Board— 25 Bank of California, 235: 15 Hawaiian
commercial, 16i/ 2 : 60 Hiuehinson 8 PCo. 188/.-
In at ,, M llway - 46y 2 : 20 Oakland Gas. 61:
20 * Gaslight. 7314; 150 do, 733/ 8 ; 35 S V
Water, 99: 94000 S p of A Bonds, 941/ -
Street-20 Pa-iilr- Gas Imp, 70: $25,000 U S *
Bonds (new), H7i/,. A
•' • ■.' - AFTKSXHIIV SESSrOV.
Board— BO Hawaiian Commercial. 1434- 60 do,
rt V *'ki }°%.¥£ T £%' Railway, 46y a ; 160 Oakland
Gas, 61 60 s F Gaslight, 733/ .
Street — 126 Hawaiian Commercial, 16. ,
HOTEL AREIVALS.
, ' GRAND HOTEL.
W D McKenney, Rd Biff \V G Raney, Monticello
W 8 Humphrey, Winters Mrs E M Do-.vell, Ls Ang
V HiKgins, Sacramento Mrs Parker, San Jose
J J MrKinnon, Sacra I) s Rouse. Antioch
W C Conroy, Auburn F H Dependener, Cal
i McMullen, Cal W H Hartley Aw, Merced
RTMosow, Mass E B Gouch, Mass
Miss Lucas, Texas Miss Baker, Texas
I J Lloyd, Boston F M über & w Cal
Dr W O Anderson, Erka Mrs W O Anderson, Erka
A J Anderson, Eureka MissC L Campbell, Mo
Mrs J L Campbell, Mo Thos Flint. San Juan '
Dr J HKorsncr. oroville EH Baldwin, Qnincy, Cai
•I Wagoner, St Louis D A Collar, Keokuk
J R Buxton Aw, Wash W A Lynn, New York
AL Young, Cal J j McKinnon, Cal
J J January Sty, Concrd T W Wells, Sonora
MCDonner, IjO< Angeles A THuggms. Portland
II Ruben, Eureka T D Carroll, Oakland
D Hayes, Sacramento .IT Sullivan, Berkeley
w « Rallies, Mcir.tlcello E E Smith, Sacramento
S tS' 1 . 11 0 ! 1 ' 1 *w Or W S Tinning, Martinez
1.1 Rich A f m, 1 resno L C Wlttenm'aver, Cal
Miss Rich, Fresno W A Caxton & w. Or
Miss HlKbie, Tulare C M Weber, Stockton
-'. A Smith. Courtland L Rle Corapie, Portlnd
«r^,r R , ockwoo<l ' Los An « •' T Whitney Aw, Cal
\\ \\ Durham Aw, Cal W Pabst, Philadelphia
V J rl 1 c , k , , on> S L ° bls P° F B Granger, Alvarado
M E Bell, Columbus
LICK HOUSE.
T S Ford. Nevada City Mrs McMorrls, Nev City
Ll [ Hat Held, Sa<-to J A Shipman, Omaha
.1 R ketchum, Bicewell D Knight <fe w, Marvsvlle
ONorthey, Sulphur Crk Mrs (J Briggs, Davisville
Mrs B Gould, Davisville E Cass A w. Grants Pass
X (.ass Jr, (irants I'ass J L Delano, Rocklin
N Erie Yoe, Modesto 1 Walton. Faubey
M Armstead, Faubey Hattie Mehron, Faubey
I'r F Nutt A w, Maruge J F Wardner, Idaho
I) F Forbes A w. Texas A Hall A fy, Denver
A McUregor A w, Denvr J J Nunan", Stockton
A Rolls, Eureka J Boyle A w, Denver
C P Adams, N V E Foster A w. Boston
1 P Larks Aw, Sacto C X Kahn, Woodland
J T Oreene, Davisville v W Pennlngton, Tucson
C smith, Salinas P Bnnker A w, S L Obisp
A Melton, San Jose Miss P Melton, San Jose
Miss E Melton, Chicago G Doyle Aw, Chicago
J snarten, San Carlos P Eckert, Auburn
M Ingram. Wash, DC C X Stephens. Napa
(i Homer, Napa P E Austin. Stockton
A 1' Greely, Sacto J T C Smith. Sacto
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
G W King A \v, N V T (i Stevenson & w, Wis
J M Jaeger, Brownsville I, Ryan, Jacksonville
Mrs Ryan, Jacksonville J Work. Pittsburg
Mrs C X Lamhi. Kdna J F Mahar &w, N V
.1 Jtynes. Cambridge R R Johnson. Fresno
J Barrttt, Reno J (Joldstone, Virginia Cty
C F Doyle, Fresno W Franklin A w. Stocktn
J Smoot, Hollister G Hanson, Lowell
F J Giiuther, Topeka J J Martin, Salt I ake
J Dean, Portland A DrtjudW, NaperrtUe
W Stoos, Napervllle Mrs Hlaek, Lompoc
Mrs Deirgman, Lompoc T W Wells, Sonoma
J II Shine, Sonoma E A Clarke, Sonoma
C Plaacke, Australia J I mery, Pnrnons
S H Storms Aw, Sacto Miss X Jones, sacto
Miss C Jones, Sacto H Wilson, Petaltiina
L R Cody, San Rafnel 3 Smith, Oakland
T E Young Jr A w, N V H J lirowii A d, N V
PAIiACB .HOTKL.
W C Peyton, Santa Cruz M silverthan, NY
Miss A B Davis, lowa C F Davis Jr, lowa
Mr it Mrs C sewall, N V C J Coleman, Denver
A Washl)iirn A w, S Jose A X Snow, Salt Lake Cty
R II Black, N V T J May, st Louis
W X Jones Aw, Boston B W Noyes, Mass
L H Kaircock, Salt Lake (J W James, Pasadena
P M Shaw Jr, Duluth T L Murray. Duluth
A Robertson, N U W Thompson. Salt Lake
M A Delano, N V O H Bell. Nevada
A Lazard, Paris M Lazard. Paris
W McMahon Aw, N V A J Hammond, Pa
R T Hudson, Rocuester A H Bradley, N Haven
F. J de Sahlii, Nevada Cy Mrs de sabla," Nevada Cy
Miss t • KuHsell, Nev City M de Benoit, France
W F Newell, Olympla
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S Redmond, Monterey S N Belawe, Kureka
J P Millh. Snu Jose Dr W Beede, Stockton
A s Roberts. N V O C BerHhack. Chicago
8 S Radger. Chicago H C Churcliill, Boston
H P Bar«f-r, LTvermore U R Morris, N V
T Fltrgerald. San Jose J I) West A \vf, V S A
O 1 Cheyney, 0 8 N G E *age 4: wf, USA
Jefferson C handler, N V is Rpdmond. Montana
F S Austin A Wt, I'al J W Vhjl, Chicago
F << Herman, Chicago A G Jackson, Chicago
Miss O Mills, N V C J smith, St. i'aul
X Mullln, El Paso O Moore, Seattle
A Kodsers, Willows J Phillips, N V
Mrs C Redding, X V
EEAL ESTATE TBANSAOTIONS.
B. and Helen 1.. Noble to Mary E. Clark, lot on
E line of Webster street, 29:1 1*4 S of Washington
524:5 by E 87:6: $10.
Chris opher Wllfen to Nina L. Brigps. lot on N
line of Felt street, 81:3 \V of Central venue, W25
by N 100: $20.
Meyer and Solomon Lewis* (administrators of
estate of Samuel Lewis) to H. I>. Overflew, lot on
NX corner of Sacramento and Walnut streets, X
27:81,4 by E 87:6: $2700. ,
■ R. T. and Louise M. Harding to Arthur W.
Barendt, lot on X line of De Lone avenue, 156 S of
Frederick street, S 30 by X 85; $10.
.Pacific Improvement Company to Jules J.Ber
nard, lot on NX line of Brad> street, 60:6 SE of
Colton.SE 50 by NX 100; $10.
Same to Thomas J. Murphy, lot on SW line of
Brady, street, .81:2 N\V of "West Mission, NW
37:23,4 by SW, 99; *10.
Seme to Catherine Murray, lot on S corner of
Colton. and Brady streets, SW 99 by SE 2&; also
lot on SW line of Brady, street. 64 S.E of Steven
son, SK 26 by SW 60:6: $10. -
j .Hlbcrnia vines and Loan Society to Kate Mar
tell, lot on N line of Hill street, 140 W of Valen
cia, \V 25 by N 114; $3506.
- Hans Petersen to Emily 11. Bangs, lot on N line
of Twenty-second street, 80 \V of Noe, W 25 by V
101:6: $10. y
Johanna McGinn (administratrix of the estate of
James McGinn) to Charles F. Helm, lot on"N line
of Henry street, 100 E of Castro. X 26 by N 115;
$ 1 000.
A. J. and Emma Benke (by Sheriff) to Edward
J. Holt, all interest in lot on N line of Lombard
street, 256 W of Kearny, \V '20 by N 137:6; $347.
Jo in Mclntyre to Elizabeth and Annie J. Mc-
Intyre, lot commencing 69 feet from BE corner of
Winters lane and Mason street, S 51 by E 68-6
--gift.* ' ' '
Colin :M. Boyd and G. H. Mastic (executors of
the estate of Hannah Birrell) to Chnrles A. King
lot on W line of Mason street, 23 8 of Jackson 8
45 by W 57:6, executor's deed; $5650.
| Charles A. King to Henry Darius, same- $10'
• Honora Towhsend to Mary J. Wrixou, lot on
NE corner of Jones and Valparaiso streets, N 30
by E 62:6; $10.
«_ A. C. Freese, administrator estate of Helena
Gumpel, to H. H. Lowenthal, lot on Nil line of
Sherwood place, 225 NE of Third street, XE 20 by
SESS; $1000. -- -v W: '. r-T-.:' . ■
Cornelius Shea to Mary Shea, all interest in lot
20 by Hue of l l 0 na slreet - 395 SW ° f Thlrd ' aW
Celsus and /Ida E. Brower to Hans H. Larsen
lot on W line of Second av> nue, 100 s of Dee - h
street (California street South), S 25 by W 120
--$lO. : . ' - ' , " ■ ' - . *
Same to Kasmus Andersen, lot on S line of
Deeth street (California street South), 32-6 W of
Second avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Same to- Lars C. Larsen, lot on s line of Deeth
street (California street South), 57:6 W of Second
avenue, W 26 by S 100; $10. , - '. .
: Laura T. Edwards to r. A. and Bridget Clifford,
lot ou-W line of First avenue, 360 Sof Deeth
street (California street South),. S 26 by W 120;
William H. and Lulu E. Chapman to K. W
Miller, lot on N line of A street, 32:6 W of JStnth
avenue, W 50, N 100, W 37:6, N 75, E 120, S 76.
W 32:6, 100; $1000. '
AUMF.DA COUNTY.
L. G. and Florence Harvey to Emily A. P. Smith,
lot on . B line of Filbert street, 194 :6. Sof West
Fourteenth, S4oby E 125, block 670, Oakland ; $5.
I'aclfic Improvement Company to AlampdaLand
Company, lot on SW corner of St. Charles street
and Baena Vista avenue, .s 60 by W. 129:11,- block
L, Columbus Bartlett property, Alameda: $10.
Henry and Catherine Black to J. D. Jamison, lot
on X line of St. Charles street, 226 a of Santa Clara
avenue, S 75 by X 150, being lots 49, 50 and 51,
block 8, Fitch Tract, Alaraeda; $10. -. ;
•A. E. Severns to Eva L.Hallawell (wife of E.L.),
lot 7, block D, J. it. McElrath Tract, Oakland
Township; $10. . •
< M elite G. Fellows to Albert B. Ruggles, lot on
N W. corner of Adeline and Forty-first streets, NX
186.36, SW 242.39, 159.79, NE 146.50 to be
ginning, being: u portion of H. C. Dohr's home
stead, Oakland Township; $10.  - . -
A. A. Fink to D. O. Hernck, 10" on \V line of
Sixth . street, 155 S of Oilman. W 129 by S 26,
being lot 7, block 26.1. M. Wentworth [ Boot and
Shoe Company's Tract, Berkeley; RlO. . « .•
-' Thomas 11. Thompson to Frances L. Thompson,
lots 9 and 10, Seminary Avenue Tract, being a
subdivision of Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift. ". ■■■:-.■
C. K. Harman to same, same, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. ■ . ,
- Nettie B. de Golia to Edwin S. Merriman, lot on
S line of Clinton avenue, 300 X of Chestnut street,
E 60, S to boundary line' of Hancho San Antonio,
W to a . point where . it would I be intersected by a
line parallel with and lying 301' E of East Chestnut
street, N to beginning, lands adjacent to Encinal,
quitclaim dee^, Alameda; $1. VI . " . ■ »
John H. and Lizzie L. Heath to same, same, Ala
meda; fia
Joseph A. Leonard to Dora T. Colby, lot on N\V
corner of San Jose avenue and Willow street, W
50 by N 150, block M, same quitclaim deed, Ala
meila; $1.
Dora T. Colby to C. s. Fitzslmmons, lot on N line
of San Jose avenue, 150 W of Willow street, W 50
by N" 150, block M, same, Alameda; flu.
Same to Raymond ll liber, lot on \V line of Wil
low street, 120 N of Sun Jose avenue, N 30 by W
150, block M, same, Alameda: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles R. Hawthorne with Albert L. Jacobsen,
alterations and additions to 2-s:ory building on
SW corner of Point Lobos avenue and Feme
street: $1000.
C. Righeil with G. A. Nagei, to erect a 2-story
buildiog on the W line of Walnut street, 50 B of
Clay ; 94524/
Napoleon's Change of Manner.
There was something seriously amiss
with the central riirure. He was often
suilen and morose, often violent and even
hysterical. To calm his nervous agitation
the court physician ordered wnrrn baths,
which he spent hours in taking. Then,
again, he was irregular in his habits, being
often somnolent durihg the daytime, but
as frequently breaking his rest at mitt
night to set the pens of his secretaries
scampering to keep pace with the flow of
his speech. With old friends he was
coarse and severe; even the brutal Ven
damrne confessed that he trembled before
that "devil of a man," while Lannes was
the only human being who still dared to
use the familiar "thou" in addressing his
old comrade. To the face of his generals
the Emperor was merely cold ; behind
their backs he sneered, saying, for in
stance, of Davout that he might give him
never so much renown, he would not be
able to carry it; of Ney that he was dis
posed to ingratitude and turbulence; of
Bessieres, Oudinot and Victor that they
were mere mediocrities. — Professor Sloane
in the March Century.
Misapplied Energy.
"Hiram," said Mrs. Corntossel, "I hate
ter say anything thet ain't exactly good
natured, but it 'pears ter me thet you ain't
makin 1 ez good use o' yer time ez you
might."
"Maudy," was the reply, "I think I'm
doin' pretty pood. I've been doin 1 a good
deal in the way of improvin' my mind
lately."
"That's jes'it, Hiram. They's a hull
lot er folks in the agricultural perfession
thet keeps puttin' improvements on their
minds when they orter he puttin' repairs
on the farm." — Washington Star.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Febriary, 1896.
I
3
10
H .
j Tu. W.Th. Fr.
4 6 6 7
11 12 13 14
18 19 20 21
I 25 26 1271 28
1 ;
8
!
16 ;
Moon's Phases.
1 <"7*\ Ijast Quarter.
February 6.
<E/&v New Moon.
'■SB/ February 13
i
16
17
23
'^ First Quart.
v-vFebruary 2
fi~*i Full Ma
VS^February
rst Quarter
bruary 21 J
'nil MoonTl
bruary 28.|
I
24
29
OCEAN BTKAUKKB.
Date* or Departure 1- rom San ■'rsnrirro.
KKB. j DKSTIXA 1 IMS |
SAKjH.
; PIKR.
Pomona...., i UumbolrttBay |Fet>27. "PMjPierH
Corona ; Ban Dieeo b\»b '27.11am Pier 11
Empire ; Portland....... Feb28, 5pm Pier 13
Columbia... ; I'orllana Feb28.1t)Aji Pl«r 24
San Jose Panama ■. I Feb 29,12 m P M 8 3
Kurefca..... Newoor: Feb29, J>am Pier 11
Umatllla ; Vic & Pet Scb'J9. 9am Pier 9
ABlancbard Portland Meb 2. 9am Pier 13
fcanta Kum. San Dleeo Mch 2. Haw Pier 11
Homer Coos Bay Mch a. 5pm Oceanic
*ra«o Uoosjiar Men 3,10am Pier 13
Point Loma. Grays Harbor. Mcli 3. 4pm Pie' '2
Dei .None.. Oravs IlarDor. Mch 3, 4pm .......
*» Paul , NewDOix Mch 4. J»am Pier "ll
Weeott Eel River Mch 4. 9am Pier 13
State of «di Portland Mch 4.10am Pier-21
STKAMKKS TO ARRIVK.
Steambr [
From
I Dub
Empire [Portland...*. i ..Feb 27
BeiRic China and Janan Feb "27
Wellington Departure Bay Feb 27
Kurt-ka ■ Newport ; Feb '27
Fa ration ! Ynouioa ±4ay : Feb "8
Alice Blancnard Portland "Feb 2S
i'oiniLoms.i... Grays Haroor ...... Feo 29
Kama Jttosa. ; San Diego j .!Feh L'9
DelNorte (iravs Harbor Feb 29
Pomona...." Humboidt isav ..Mch 1
Peter Jebsen Nanalmo Mch 1
Araeo Coos Hay ! ..Mch 1
tan Bentto Iacoma i Mch 1
State of Cai i Portland Mch 1
Cityol PiieDla.. : Victoria & Puset. Sound ! ..Mch 1
Colon : Panama.... I ..Mch 2
bt±*aui.... Newport. ..Mob 2
Corona San Diego L.Mch 4
North Fore Uuraboidt Bay ..Mch 4
Australia. Honolulu | Mch 4
Crescent City... Crescent City- ..Men 4
SUN, MOON AM) TII>E.
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tidk">
Bui/lktin- Published hy Official V
AtTTHORITY of THE SrpKKIXTKMIKST. )
Thursday, Feb. 27. I Thursday, Feb. 27.
Sunrises 6.45, Sun sets 6.02
February— 1896.
I : ™££ Feet Ti^ Feet Time Feel Time Feet
siL W |ll \v; l w; ii w
V7| 4.11 2.0 10.17 j 6.6 4.581-1.1 11.48 ~T?
28 6.00! 1.4 11.08 5.5 5.42 -0.8?
II \V Feet L \V Feet II \V Feet L W Fee'
29 0.16 4.9 5.50 0.9 12.01 5.3 6.28 -0.4
M
1 0.45 M; 6.41 0.5 12.54 4.9 7 0'-'! 0.2
2 1.17 5.0 7.30 0.2 1.54 ! 4.6 7.401 0 8
3 1.54 . 5.1 8.22—0.1 3.01 4.2 8.1S 1.6
4 3.34 5.1 9.36 — 0.2 4.27 3.7 9.01 2 0
6! 3.18! 5.110.37-0.3 6.04 3.5 9.55! 2,6
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tidrs are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to timp. The second time
column gives, the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or riijlu
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three Udes, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
ch»rts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is snbtractive
from the depth given by the charts
HVOItOUKAPIIIC BULLETIN.
Branch HYDRooRAPHir Office., U. S. N.
Merchants' Exchanbe. v
San Franvisci>, February 28. IS9R. )
The time ball on Teleßrnpn liili was dropped
exartly at nojn to-<iay— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. v., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkhtkler,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIFI'IMi I.NTKLLIGENCK.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, February 26.
Brstmr Doric, Smith, 41 days from Liverpool;
mdse, to O& O S Co.
stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 36 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to Union Oil Co,
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 100 hours from Port
land and way ports; pass and mdsa. to O C & X Co.
«ng John D Soreckels,- Chris iansen. 18 days
from Mahukona; sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros
Co.
• . Sehr Bessie K. Anderson, 26 hours from Albion:
lumber, to J S Kimbali.
Schr Etta B. Madsen. 7 hours from Fort Ross;
butter, etc., to Boss A Hewlett.
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordlihg, 48 hours from
Albion; 40 cords wood and lumber, to X A Gil
bride & Co.
SchrJ N Ingalls, Thomas. 37 days from San
M arcos Island; 100 tons gypsum, to Lucas & Co.
Cleared.'
j . i WEDNESDAY. February 26.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Nelson. •
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. Nanalmo; R
| Dunsmulr Sons. . • «
Schr Compeer, Sorensen, Ohamperico; C D
j Bunker <fe Co.
>'..-' Sailed. ; •
WEDNESDAY, February 26.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, Tncorna.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, Kel River.
Stmr Prostreso. Anderson, Seattle.
Bktn Willie U Hume. Brigman, Port Blakeley.
Schr John D Tallant, Oisen, Kahului.
■ Schr Robert Lewers. Gobiman, Pugpt Sound.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson. Point Arena.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson. Albion.
■- Schr Prosper, Johannscn, Port Blakelev.
Schr Rio Key, Isigkeit. Bowens Landing. '
Bchr Mary Etta. Wetzel, Fisks Mill.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, Fisks Mill.
• - Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— February 26—10 r it— Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
■-■'>•.■ ■ '■"> Charters. : ■• •. ■ .
The ship Glory of the Seas loads coal at Departure
Bay for this port: Br ship.Andrina, lumber on the
Sound for Melbourne, Adelaide or Port Pirie, 37s
6d, Sydney, 32s 6d.
Spoken.
Feb 6-Lat 2 long 30 W, Br ship Beacon Rock
hence Nov 13, for Queenatown.
Feb 21— 47 N, Ions: 10 W, Br ship Brenda.fm
London, for San Francisco. .
Per stmr South Coast— About 10 miles off Fort
Ross schr J Eppinger, and reported having taken
819 sealskins.
. ' - Miscellaneous-
LONDON, Feb 26— Br bark East Anglian, pre
viously reported ashore got off and returned to
Cardiff. ■• -■ •:■- '-" . • r -.:-■-;.
I PORT TOWNBEND, Feb 26-The Br ship Kil
brannan previously reported ashore at Point Wil
son was hauled off this morning. - .; « rr
Memorandum.
The ship William G Davis, from Manilla, for
Philadelphia was abandoned oil Cape Hatteras.
; Domestic Ports. •
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 26— .-Stmr Jewel, hence
Feb 25.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 26-Schr Gen
Banning, from. Kedondo.
•SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb26-U S stmr Thetis.
Sailed Feb26— Stmr Comus.
SAX PEDRO— Sailed Keb 26— Stmr National
City.
TATOOSH — Passed Feb 26— Stmr Signal, from
Puget Sound for Astoria; Br shin Lnrnaca, hence
feb IS. for Port Townsend: stmr Walla Walla,
hence Feb 24, for Victoria and Port Townsend.
PORT ANGELES— In port Fob 26— Hcbr W It
Talbot, hence Feb 16, for Vancouver; schr Emma
Clauaina, from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
HOCK PORT— Arrived Feb 25-Stmr Scotia, line
Feb 2*.
FORT BKAGG— Sailed Feb 26— srmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
BOWKNB LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 26-Schr
Newark, hence Fel> 25.
Sailed Feb 26-Schr Seven Sisters, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Feb 26-Stmr San Benito,
hence Feb 22, and will sail to-morrow, for San
Francisco
GREENWOOD— Sailed Feb 26-Stmr Alcazar, .
for San Pedro.
* SEATTLE— Feb 26-Bark Ferris s .
Thompson, from San Pedro,
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 26— Br shin Maron
Liehthody, from Santa Rosalia: bktn Monitor, hno
Feb 16.
saileri F»b 26-Stmr Alice Blanchard, for San
Francisco.
POKTTOWNSEND-Arrived Feb 21-Schr G W
vvatson, from Newport: sclir Corona, from Re
dondo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 26-Stmr Sunol.'benca
Fen 24. %
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 26-Schr Ottilia
Fjord, hence Feo 17.
Eastern Port*.
NEW YORK-ArrivedFeb 26-Ship Shenan
doah, hence Nov 21, in 97 days.
Foreign Port*.
HULL-Sailed Feb 24-Br bark Cheimsford, for
Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Feb 23— Br ship
Jessomene. to load for San Dle«o.
BUENOS A YRES-Arrlved Feb 16-Nor stmr
Mathilda, from Vancouver.
Movement* of Tram. Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Columbia,
from West India ports.
Sailed Feb stuir Teutonic, tot Liverpool;
stmr Southward, for Antwerp.
CIIRISTIANIA— SaiIed Feb 26-Stmr Norde.for
New York:
ROTTERDAM— saiIed Feb 26-Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
Arrived out Feb 26— Stmr Maasdam.
SCII.I.Y ISLANDS- Passed Feb 26-Stmr Aller
from New York, for Southampton.
LlZAßD— Passed Fel) 25-stmr Italia, from
Hamburg, for New York. '■-,-' "
BROW HE AD— Passed Feb 26— Stmr Germanic,
from New York, for Queenstown apd Liverpool.
Importation*.
PORTLAND— Per South Coast— so Mft flooring,
4 sample trunks. 34,33y ft lumber, 62 M shakes.
Constijrio"**.
Per South Coast— Clatsop Mill Co; A H Mahoney
Santa Clara Lumber and Mill Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence Srr, Fifteenth. Page.
F^gL OFFICE FURNITURE
ii&^&feftif AND fixtures -
"P-'bKS C - F - WEBER & CO.,
«Ss£3p^Sfe3 300 To 306 Post St. cor. Stocktoi
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS;
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
— .TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Fix-art Class S&a.OO
Second Class SSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
OOOUALL, PKRKISSt CO.,
General Agent*.
O. K.-_c«3 3NT-
! ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED. .
For reservations call at 19 . Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails February 18 and 28
fctate of California sails. .February 'I'A and March i, ■
From SpeftT-at. Wharf < I'ier 24) at 10 a. m.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gent SSupts.
F. 1". CONCUR, General Agent.
OCEAJIC STEAMSHIP COIPIII
_ Tfl paaßa> r _ Coijl^anlie gold Melds
JltiPr TO -"*«* (I-'reemantle), Austra-
• JEfr^y* fIV, >•■ lta: v —° first class:
JSmcr' * Nni I ilU* $110 steerage, Loweas
MX _^of^^^£^L~ rates to Capetown,
JKBm^^\ljp~^^^L South Africa.
JESy T^^rf* \»\ Australian steamer,
WOl »«/t» iK MB MONoWAI, sails via
E«Bl Vj ?WU-jß| Honolulu an. I Auck-
Hn! Zi-'j^**^'SOT land, Thursday, starch
yg^c^jMJVp,=~~ /jKf Steamship Australia,
''ft^fC>'*^ar HouO'.um only, Tues-
da - v - Slarch 10, at 10
Speciai, I'akties.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and An- 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BKOS. CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAIT
SITEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A~a
».~ Broadway wbarr', San Francisco, as tfffaTßP
follows: ■""
For Mary Island, Loring, WrangeU Juneaa, Kll-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. h., ten. 14,29,
March 15. 30. , -: ■
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and N's-v
Whatcom (r.ellineham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
>eb. 4, 9, 14, 19, -J4. -J9, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at ■ Vancouver wlta
the C. H. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with Q.N. Ry., at Port Townaend wltl»
Alaska stea.ners. .
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
bcldt Bay) Btr. Pomona, 2 p. m., Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15
19, 23, 27, and every fourth day thereafter. .-. -.-:-.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (Ban Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. it., Feb.'
1,5. 9, 18, 17,21, 25,29, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M., Feb. 3, 7, 11. 15, 19, 23, 27. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Joso del Cabo, Mazatlaa, La
Paz, Altata and Guayma* (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 1 New Montgomery
•treei.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
COIPAGHE GESERAL TRWSATI ANTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S I>IKK NuRTH A~*TX
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers in- fitu&JS
this line avoid both, transit oy English railway ,ii
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 60: second-class, $116.
LA NORiIANDIE, Copt. De10ncie..............
March 7, 8 a. .
LA GASUOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
'. March 14, 10 a. if
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
March 21, 5 a. m
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
March 28, 10 a. h
JOST" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 -Montgomery
»ve.njie l Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACRET COIPAXT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIJJAVALL /sfs*~
fortnightly for the West Indies and <&u&2l
Eouthampton, calling en route at Gsrbourgli,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
or* to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thirl
•lII], $87 00. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT & CO., Agents,
306 California a'-
STOCKTON . STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washinerton St—
At 5 I. M.. Daily, Except Sunday.
tfjf- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAiLJEII :
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peter*,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main SOB. Cm, Nay. acd Impt. Co.
FALLEJO. MARE ISLAND, .?BEM4. PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.*
SYR. MOXTICKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— in 30 a. «
; and 4r.m. ; Saturday, l- / 0 noon *• *
.4r. M -only. 6ionday-S c. ji. *
•4 r. M. only.
Laodi»Si Mission 1, Pi 4,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
BOY BURGLARS'
FLAT DENIALS.
Mrs. Willmore on Trial
for Receiving Stolen
Money.
LITTLE INA IN COURT.
Abe Majors Tells of Stealing the
Landlord's Money to
Pay Rent.
BERT SHIELDS HIS MOTHER.
Mrs. Wagner Appeared, but Was
Ignored by Both Her
Boys.
Oakland OrncE Bah Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 26. j
Two unhappy families were in the Police
Court this afternoon. Probably two fam
ilies deserving of more commiseration
never engaged the attention of a court.
Mrs. Willmore, the mother of one of the
boy burglars, was on trial for receiving
sto:en property. Her little girl Ina was
present, under the care of a lady official of
the Chabot Home; her boy Bert was
brought up from the County Jail to testify
as a witness. Mrs. Wagner, trembling
with grief and completely unnerved, sat
in the court with her two little ones. Her
son Archie purposely ignored her, and her
other boy, Abe, evidently felt the same as
his brother.
With the exception of Mrs. Wagner, not
one of the unhappy crowd showed a trace
of grief, but rather indifference was no
ticeable.
Sergeant Hodgkins was the first witness
and he detailed the confession made to
him by Abe Majors a few days ago. An
attempt was made to show that the confes
sion was made under promise of reward,
but no sued proof was brought out. The
witness toid of rinding a bag of money be
hind a picture in the Willmore house and
said that Mrs. Willmore was present when
he did so. The money was produced in
evidence, and as Hodgkins rrave it a shake
there was a smile discernible on the faces
of the boy prisoners.
After Mason, the candvraan, had testified
to the burglary at hi.- Berkeley store, Abe
Majors w:«> put on the stand. "He told his
as clearly and unhesitatingly as
though he were repeating a sehoo lesson.
He to:d the Btory of liia ac lainta cc with
tne Willmore family ami of his residence
in their house, a - already published. Head
itii'.tcc doing the M( son burglary at Berke
. ! i rs. V. illmore ol the
burglary befoi a they did it an^ alter it was
done. Bert Willmore gave the money to
his mother in witness' presence.
"Who owns the house you live in?"
asked Prosecuting Attorney Melvin.
"Mr. Mason."
•'The confectioner whose store you
robbed?"
\ ■ a, sir."'
'•And you y>aid the rent with the money
ypu stole?"
"Yea, Bir" — and everybody smiled, in
ig Mrs. Willmore, at what appeared
like a joke on Landlord Mason.
Abe Majors said further: "Mrs. Willmore
awakened us at half-past 3 on the mornine
of the burglary at Mason's store. Mrs.Will
more was up when we returned and the
money was handed to her, and .Bert told
her that the job had been successful. Ina
did not know of the burglary ana at Mrs.
Willmore's suggestion we went to bed to
hide the fact from the girJ. Mrs. Willmore
advised us not to take the electric-cars,
but to walk, for if we rode we might be re
cognized. Bert and I each took $5 of the
money and Mrs. Wiilmore took the rest."
During his examination Abe Majors
testnieu that the bag he-hind the picture
was the household bank and the}' all used
to help themselves. He said that Mrs.
"\\ illmore suggested that he take an as
sumed name so that his mother would net
know his whereabouts.
Tiie witness further stated that the two
toys always told Mrs. Willmore where
they were going and what they were doing.
This c:os~ed the prosecution and the de
fense put Bert Willmore on the stand.
He denied that his mother knew anything
of what was going on and denied ever hav
ing given her any money. He also denied
having told Sergeant Hodgkins? that there
■uas money buried in the yard at the back
of the Willmore house.
Ina Willmore was not put on the stand
to-day. She is a very girlish-looking lktle
maicC in short dresses, and when Abe
Mai >rs' professions of love for her are re
called, any such idea seems absurd". She
talked freely in Judge Woods' chambers
during ihe trial, and was as pay as any
schoolgirl. Sue denies any knowledge of
what was going on in her home.
The examination of Mrs. Willmore was
continued till to-morrow morning.
ABE PLEADS GUILTY.
Young Majors VTill Probably Be Sent
to VVhittier or lone.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Feb. i«.— Abe Majors
and Bort Willmore were arraigned In tie
Superior Court this morning. It was
originally arranged that the boys would
plead fiuilty, and that they should be sent
to a reform school.
Major Whitney and M. C. Chapman ap
peared for Majors, and W. H. O'Brien fur
ilimore. Majors pleaded guilty, but
"Willniore's attorney said that before a plea
was entered be demanded a private exam
ination of the boy in accordance with a
section of the statute covering such cases
between the ages of 10 and 16. On this
plea the case was continued till to-morrow
morning.
Majors' case was taken under advise
ment by Judge Ogden till Friday, when
be will hear evidence in favor of mitiga
tion of punishment. This is the legal
method of laying the foundation for a
commitment to a reform achool instead of
to a penitentiary. *
OFF FOR ALASKA.
A Motnrmaii, Like the Centurion of
Old, Takes a Hundred
Men North.
< i.iKUM' Okfick San Fp.anci«co Call,)
<M* Uroadwav. Feb. 26. \
A ] arty of nearly 100 men are quietly
fitting out here this week . preparatory to
leaving next week for the gold fields of
Alaska. T:.ey have be«?n gathered together
by J. H. Johnson from all sections of the
State »nd are mostly "tenderfeet," but
there are a few old-time miners in the
{.any. Johnson was formerly a motorman
on the Oakland Consolidated .Electric
Street Railroad, but tiring of bis work, de
cided to.gb after gold, and in the hopes of
having company and helping to reduce
the necessary expenses, advertised for men
who desired to go to this mecca of miners.
A visit to his rooms to-day showed that
he was going well prepared for the cold
and disagreeable weather that they were
likely to meet. Carpenters' and miners'
t.iols were scattered about with clothing
and footwear for a climate different from
what Oakland is enjoying. It is expected
hat the party will subdivide into messes
of five each, who will purchase jointly a
tent, canvas floor, sneetiron stove, two
saws ami cooking utensils. Then each
must have two pairs of hip gum boots, z.
pair of Canadian snowshoes, gum coat,
two pairs heavy double blankets, two
heavy all-wool sweaters or shirts, two
suits heavy underwear and socks, heavy
overcoat, a blanket coat, heavy hatchet
and some 8 and 10 penny nails.
When it comes to food there is some
latitude, but the official list calls for about
forty articles. These supplies will weigh
about tJOO pounds and cost about $95, ex
clusive of rifle and overcoat. They must
be of the best quality and packed hi pack
ages of about sixty pounds ear.h, not more
than 22 inches long. It is expected that
these will supply a man for six months.
The fare for the trip, including meals and
berth, is $50.
Among the party signed for the trip are
atom a dozen Oaklandors, while the others
come •from various cities, ranging from
Marysvilie on the north to Los Angeles on
the south. Dr. Spencer Harris, for two
years assistant to H. C. Dukes, M.D., of
North Temescal, accompanies the party as
druggist, physician and surgeon. He takes
a condensed drugstore and a full surgical
case, and will be ready to attend the wants
of any of the party or outsiders who may
need his services. He pays his way, how
ever, the same as the others, and expects
to be absent two years. The others may
return in the fall.
The destination of the party is about 200
miles over the mountains up the Yukon
River, and every bit ot the camp outfit will
have to be dragged that distance over the
snow by hand. Mr. Johnson placed an
order for I'ukon sleds some time ago at
Juneau, and they will be ready when the
party reaches that point. The exact loca
tion of the carup will be determined after
the riela is reached, but the point aimed at
is about thirty miles from Circle City, on
the Arctic circle and the 122 d meridian of
longitude. As there is about 400 miles
of open country in this immediate vicinity
the party will" naturally scatter consider
able.
The original intention had been to char
ter a vessel and go direct from San Fran
cisco, but this plan has been abandoned,
and they will go to Fort Townsend on the
regular steamer, and from there they
have secured the steamer Ai-Ki. In speak
ing of the enterprise Mr. Johnson said:
"It is the best supplied party that has ever
gone to Alaska from this port. We have
everything arranged, and anticipate a good
trip. One who goes, however, must count
on some hardships, for it is going to be no
picnic party. Two hundred miles' tramp
over mountains, hauling 700 pounds of
freight on a sled, will be no fun. I believe,
however, that every one will make their
expenses, and we may strike it rich."
THREATEN AN INJUNCTION
But It Is Not Certain That One
Restraining the Alameda
Board Will Be Granted.
An Advocate of Woman's Suffrage
Claimed Too Much in Behalf
of the Gentler Sex.
ALAMEPA, Cal, Feb. 26.— Bruner &
Bruner, attorneys, have drawn np a com- .
plaint wherein John T. Fleming is the j
plaintiff and T. W. Lej decker, William '
Hammond, A. Clark, F. J. Fletter and J.
F. forderer, as Trustees of the city of Ala- '
rneda, are defendants, praj'ing for an in- j
junction to restrain them from carrying
out contracts having for their tbject the
enlargement and expansion of th^e munici
pal electric plant. The grounds are that i
they are transcending their authority. The j
complaint has not yet been tiled, but
copies of it have been prepared and Attor
ney Bruner says it will be hied to-morrow.
It is not considered that there is anything j
in the proceeding that will worry the
municipal board, and some declare the !
proceeding will never have a legal standing
in the courts.
lie Claimed Too Much.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— The Rev.
Mr. Lane addressed the ladies of the Po
litical Equality Club on Monday night
last, and was too strenuous in his demand
for the recognition of the gentler sex at
the polls, besides claiming things for the
advocates of political equality that them
selves do not claim. For instance he de
clared that "woman is superior to man,"
that a good government could be carried
on by woman alone, but not by men
alone, and ended up with the rather in
congruous statement that alter political
equality is achieved the women will, like
the women of Colorado, after the first jubi
lee passes off, «ettle down to home, sweet
home, again. Tne ladies feel that they
have not been spoken for exactly as they
desire to be. They say they are in earnest,
are not working for a fad, and want to be
treated just as men would be treated who
are striving for rights to which they were
morally entitled. They have written a
communication to that effect to a local
paper.
Churchmen Banquet.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 26.— Forty one or
two gentieruen attended a banquet at the
First Baptist Church, Tuesday night, for
the purpose of getting better acquainted,
to the end that Christian work and Christ
ian influence may be advanced. T. T.
Woodruff was the toast-master. Rev. W.
T. Jordan, pastor of the church, spoke
words of greeting. E. P. Vining, manager
of the street-raiiway system of San Fran
cisco, spoke on "Business and religion."
C. F. Baker took for his subject "Tne Man
and the Wheel:" Rev. t\ D. Bovard spoke
en "The Dividends," and Rev. C. H.
Hobart on "Enthusiasm."
Johnson to Asaesg.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 26.— Elmer E.
John on i as resigned the position of Dep
uty City Cierk, and George Sturtevaut has
hutccedeu him. Johnson has been ap
pointed by Assessor Dalton tlie deputy for
A ii'iueda Township, and has titled up an
office te> commence business. Formerly
tlie county and city assessment was ma<fe
by the same man, and economically, hut
now it is two separate operations made in
separate orlices.
Attachment Levied.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 2«.— An attach
ment hua been issued in the case of H.
Beach vs. Mrs. C. E. Dwindle, against real
property on the west line of fct. Charles
street, 14S.b feet north from Santa Clara
avenue, on a claim of $500.
CARR-BEEL CONCERT.
The Fiftieth Entertainment to Take
Place February "-J9.
The programme for the fiftieth Carr-Beel
Pop concert, which takes place February
29, includes Saint-£aens Septet for piano,
strings and trumpet, and Dvorak's Ameri
can quartet. Cliarles J. Dyer will sing a
number of Schumann's songs, and big
muna Heel will play Tartini's "Le Trill de
Diaule."
It is something extraordinary that liftv
concerts ehould be Riven, as there have
been. The concerts have continued for
about five years. During ail that time no
wealthy person has been asked to take any
tickets. The concerts have simply stood
on their merits. Unquestionably they
have done much to raise a higher stan
dard of musical tasie in San Francisco.
Colonel Charles King, the military
novelist, is a handsome, soldierly man of
about 50, with gray dair and mustache
and the bronzed complexion of a frontiers
man.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
JUNIOR ORDER CONGRESS
State Delegates to Assemble
in Oakland Next
Tuesday.
ELECTRIC CARS IN COLLISION.
The Man Who Admired Widows Is
Sent to Jail for Six
Months.
Oakland Office San Fra>tibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 26.
The State Convention of the Junior Or
der United American Mechanics convenes
in Oakland next Tuesday. The sessions
will be closed, but a number of matters of
considerable interest besides the election
of State officers are to be discussed and
acted upon. There are forty subordinate
councils in the State, and it is expected
there will be about rif ty delegates in at
tendance on the annual meeting. The
meetings will be held in Fraternal Hall,
on Washington street. It is expected that
three sessions Tuesday and two Wednes
day will complete the business.
Deputy Supreme Commander TV. N.
Van de Mark has applied for a dispensa
tion from the supreme commander of the
Uniform Rank to initiate in the three de
grees of that branch all representatives
from the interior towns who desire to take
them on Wednesday night, the object
beine to arouse more- interest in that
branch of the order. There are five coun
cils in Alameda County at present, as fol
lows:
Oakland — General George A. Custer No.
22, General John A. Logan No. 31, Henry
Clay No. 34.
Alameda — James Monroe No. 24.
Berkeley — Paul Revere No. 28.
The present State officers of the order
are: S. C, H. C. Schaertzer; S. V. C, E.
F. Howe, Redlands; Jr. P. S. C, L. 8. But
ler, Los Angeles; 8. C. secretary, G. E.
Terry, San Francisco.
ELECTKIC-CAKS CRASH.
As Usual, Unlucky Thirteen Was Very
Much in Evidence.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— There was a
collision on the Alaraeda and Oakland
electric line this morning at 10 o'clock, be
tween cars 12 and 13, at the corner of Sixth
I and Jefferson streets. The former was in
charge of Conductor J. H. Diehl and Mo
torman George Ames, and the latter was
in charge of Conductor Charles Hancock
and Motorman Arthur Wharton. The
regular meeting place of the cars is on
Sixth street, but instead of waiting for the
downcar Motorman Ames attempted to
j round the curve and make the double
track on Jefferson street.
There were very few passengers on either
car, and the only one injured was Mrs. J.
Edwards of 520 Third street, who received
a slight cut over her eye from flying glass.
Car 12 was badly damaged, most of the
glass being demolished. Her rear trucks
were throwH from under the car also. Car
13 escaped with one or two smashed win
dows and a bent trolley pole. A ganu of
men was soon on hand* and the track
cleared, so that traffic was not delayed
long.
Mrs. Edwards, in speaking of the acci
dent, said : "I was coming from Alameda
and was silting on the front end. When
we reached the corner I saw tne other car
coming and that our motorman w«s very
much excited. Before I was able to move
the collision came and I was knocked in
sensible. I do not think there was any
one else injured."
DEEDGIXG HAS CEASED.
The Money in Hand Will Not Justify
Another Contract.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— There is
somewhere between $20,000 to $30,000 left
of the last appropriation made by Con
gress for the work of dredging the Oakland
harbor channel. The work has ceased,
however, because the contract has been
finished, but while the above amount is
available for the making of another con
tract, if it is deemed advisable, it is not
likely it will be.
The price at which the Government can
get dredging done depends somewhat on
the extent of the contrast, and the United
States engineers are HRely to prefer to
carry over the surplus until the beginning
of the next fiscal year and use it in con
nection with whatever this Congress may
appropriate for the work.
Populist State Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— Chairman
E. M. Wardeli of the State Central Com
mittee of the People's party is up from
Los Angeles. To-day in conjunction with
Secretary R. E. Bush he formulated the
call for the State Convention to be held in
Sacramento May 12. The convention will
consist of two delegates from each count}'
with one additional for each 3oo votes cast
for Mr. Webster, their candidate for Gov- j
ernor last fall. The convention will nomi
nate candidates for Lieutenant-Governor,
nine Presidential electors, seven Congress
men, and will make a recommendation for
United States Senator. It will also elect
delegates to the National Convention of
the party.
The Widow's Admirer Sentenced.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 26.— J. M. Madi
son, alias De Witt, the confidence man
who swindled Mrs. Mary Gray of North
Oakland out of $1000, was allowed to plead
guiity to-day to petty larceny in the Su
perior Court, and in turn received a
sentence of six months in the County Jail.
By good behavior this is reduced to five
months owing to the law granting credits.
The money he secured was returned to
Mrs. Gray after he was arreßted, and this
fact was urged in his behalf by his at
torney, Robert Fitzgerald.
The Charity Ball.
OAKLAND' Cal., Feb. 26.— A notable
post-Lenten event will be the charity ball,
which the ladies of the C. L. A. S. No. 1
I are actively engaged in arranging. The
affair will take place in Masonic Temple,
and the present indications point to a very
enjoyable and successful evening. Ai
though some time in the future, the date
set Deing April fj, much interest is mani
fested in social circles, and the sale of
tickets has already assumed large propor
tions.
Mai-ri*<d Sana Ceremonle,
OAKLAND, Cal Feb. 26.— This evenine
shortly before 6 o'clock Justice J. J. Allen
married Charles Frances Blackburn, age
37, of San Francisco, and Veda Edson, age
24. oi San Francisco. They walked to and
from his office, she in her white silk and
satin dress and white slippers and he in a
dress suit. 'Ihe happy couple were stop
ping at the Galinuo.
The Kills' MnninncMt.
OAKLAND, Cal,, Feb. 20.— Oakland
Lodge No. 171, B. P. 0. Elks, have secured
Frederick Warde to deliver the oration ai
the dedication of the beautiful life-siz d
elk which is to be placed as a monument
at the Elks rest ir/Mountain View Ceme
tery on Sunday, March 15. The lodge is
arranging an elaborate ceremony for the
occasion.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. Uti. {
Tho YOIITIS Men's Christian Association will
hold their first try-out field day on March 18.
The Crescent Club of Berkeley has com
menced the publication of a paper devoted to
athletics.
The Grand Jury will meet to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock and adopt its final report.
After the report is presented the jury will ad
journ for the term.
The California Yacht Club has received a
beautiful trophy in the shape of a solid silver
punch bowl from W. C. Wallace. The opening
aay will be April 18.
Thomas Ward, who charged on a Chinese
wasbhouse at Snnol with a shotgun and filled
one of the laundrvmen with shot, will be tried
for an assault to murder on May 14.
Meyer Cohen, formerly of the Oakland Times,
has bought of James Travers a half interest in
the East Oakland Observer, and says he pro
poses to improve it in many respects.
William Ciark, held to answer upon two
charges of tampering with little girls in East
Onk'.and, pleaded rot guilty and his trial was
set for May 5 o;i oiie charge and May 7 on the
other.
August Ekstrom, arrested for an assault with
a deadly weapon upon Edward L. Holmes, was
dismissed at his preliminary examination to
day, owing to a failure of the prosecuting wit
ness to appear.
Henry Cowell, one or the creditors of the
Kortin Brick Company, who has a claim of
$8735, has levied an attachment, thus inter
fering with the success of the plan of settle
ment which the creditors had been arranging.
The matter of the indictments against Myron
A. Whidden, who was charged with embezzle
ment and mutilation of public records In the
office of the Tax Collector, was put over for two
weeks on account of Judge Greene being un
able to take it up earlier.
The East Oakland Street Railroad Compßny
and the l'iedmont and Mountain View Com
pany began a new system of transfers Sunday,
whereby passengers Irora any point on one line
can go to any point on the other for one fare.
Jean G. Schmitt, an old resident of Alameda
and a large propenyowner at the west end of
town, died at 11:30 o'clock this morning at
his residence, 638 Haight avenue. He was a
native of France, 00 years and 10 months old.
The funeral will take place Friday.
Mrs. Van Zant, who went to a San Francisco
hotel with young Kelleher, who stole $85 from
his employer, which was found in her posses
sion, was allowed until tomorrow to plead to
a charge of receiving stolen property, knowing
the same to have been stolen, \oung Kelleher
has been sent to the Whittier State school.
The Acme wheelmen are in training for nest
month's big indoor bicycle meet in San Fran
cisco. They propose a repetition of their last
athletic exhibition at the Maedonough, to be
given at Santa Rosa, when the Olympic trophy
is transferred to the w heelmen of that city.
REGENT MARTIN TALKS.
He Says the Wilmerding School
Will Surely Be in
Oakland.
The Site at Temescal Is the Unani
mous Choice of the Com
mittee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad way, Feb. 26. j
Regent J. West Martin feels confident
Oakland will secure the Wilmerding
School. The reDort of the special com
mittee favoring Ayala Park at Temescal,
between two lines of electric roads, is es
pecially pleasing to him. Referring to the
subject to-day he said :
"There is no doubt that the Wilmerding
School will be located on this side. The
committee on sites reported unanimously
in favor of the Ayala Park proposition.
When the first ballot was cast by the com
mittee there were two votes f r the Sev
enth and Adeline streets site, but the next
ballot showed a unanimous vote for the
Ayala site. The fust time I saw the Ayala
Park I thought I thought it was the ideal
spot for the school. It is a beautiful place.
It is on two electric lines and is convenient
to all the little suburban towns and almost
in the corporate limits of Oakland. It is
only a question of time before that section
will be a part of tha city.
"It is near Berkeley, too; that is a great
thing — having the school accessible to the
university. That was the great objection
to the other sites offered — they were all too
far away. The school will "be. under the
direct supervision of the faculty and Re
gents of the State University and it would
I be absurd to place it in a location incon
j vrnient for them to reach. Every requisi
tion and salary will have to pass through
; the hands of the university contiollers.
| Now, the Ayala Park site is so near that it
will take but a short time for the faculty
or Regents to visit the school. This site
offers several natural attractions. There
is a spring of clear, pure water that will
always give all the water supply needed.
It is laid out as a park, with magnificent j
trees. The location is within half a mile
of two power houses. If power is ever
needed, you see, it will be convenient to
obtain it.
"It is in fact, as I said before, the ideal
spot for the school. I did not try to in
fluence the committee, however, I
showed them all the sites offered and they
saw for themselves that the Ayala prop
erty was the best. It presents more advan
tages than any other property that has
been offered. I consider the question of a
site settled now, for the Regents will not,
unless for very good reasons, act contrary
to the report of their committee. Of course
other fites may be offered, but none to
excel this, I feel sure. I have often told
the Regents that it is not the commercial
value oi the property that we should con
sider as much as the convenience of the
location.
"The San Francisco site is too far out in
the sandhills. We could not consider that
any more than we could consider the of
fers from San Diege and Lake counties.
The Ayala property i 3 valued at $15,000
and I am sure that nowhere could such a
piece of property be obtained at the price
named. It embraces a large block of Jand
and is surrounded by a good neighborhood.
Ayala Park is the site par excellence. I
think it had better be rerhristened, how
ever, and in the future I shajl call it not
Ayala Park, but Wilmering Park."
AN APPEAL TAKEN.
The Suit Against the Present Board of
Workar-Is in the Supreme
Court.
Oakland Office San FRArtcisco C\ll )
908 Broadway, Feb. 2*3. )
Attorney George de Golia has carried his
fight against the present Board of Works
to the Supreme Court, and there is a feel
ing of insecurity in several branches of the
city government in consequence.
The point on which the case against the
present board is made is that the special
election at which the amendments to| the
charter were voted upon was invalid, and
that the changes they brought about were
illegal. Several other arguments are ad
vanced as to why the board should be de
clared unconstitutional, the chief , one
being that the members are constantly
passing upon their own acts. As the
board has the appointing of all heads of
departments and of the police and fire em
ployes, interest in the outcome of the suit
is very great. When taken to the Superior
Court the case went against the old board,
but an aDpeal was decided upon, and it is
said that new authorities have been placed
before the Supreme Court that are ex
pucte.d to bring about a reversal of the
judgment.
Soldiers in Africa.
A solemn requiem mass for the italian sol
diers dead in Africa will be celebrated this
morning at 10 o'clock at the Italian church on
DuDont street. All the officers of the Colombo
will be present.
Fairs and feasts were formerly held in
churchyards, in honorof the saint to whom
the church was dedicated, but in conse
quence of their being very much abused
they were suppressed about the thirteenth
year of the reign of Edward the Third.
DR. LE CONTE HONORED
Given a Handsome Easy- Chair
on His Birthday by Berke
ley Collegians.
CATHODE KAY EXPERIMENTS.
Work on the Campus by the Students
Will Begin To-Day— Will the
Co-Eds Co-operate ?
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— A grand
ovation was paid to Dr. Joseph Le Conte
at the State University to-day as he en
tered the classroom to begin his Wednes
day lectures to the ?ection in geolocy. The
occasion of this demonstration on the
part of the students was owing to the fact
that to-day was the seventy-third birthday
of the distinguished geologist. The lecture
room was crowded to its utmost by col
legians and other friends of the scientist,
who had gathered to pay him their tribute
of respect in commemoration of the day
of his birth. Besides being given a happy
reception, ho was remembered in a ma
ierial way, having been presented with a
handsomely wrought, solid oak, leather
covered easy-chair.
In response to the presentation speech,
which was made by Marion S. Blanchard,
'97, Dr. Le Conte smike for twenty-five
m mutes, after which the class was dis
missed for the day. The lecture-table, ex
tending the entire distance across the
room, was literally covered with roses,
acacias and violets, and directly in front of
the table Eat a delegation of teachers from
the Le Conte School, which was named
after the proiessor, and who had come to
pay their respects to Dr. Le Conte, whose
portrait was presented to the school by
Mrs. Le Conte on St. Valentine's day.
When the hour for the recitation arrived
Dr. Le Conte came into the lecture-room
in his usual meditative way and was
greeted by a Jong-continued round of ap
plause. To this mark of respect he bowed
lowly and was about to begin his lecture,
when the speaker in behalf of the class
began his presentation remarks. In re
sponse to the few well-chosen words of the
speaker Dr. Le Conte said: "I hardly
know how to thank you for this and all
other of your kindnesses. I cannot speak
to you in formal terms, but within I feel
deeply that you are ladies and gentlemen.
This does not express the relation be
tween us, and so I would, therefore, call
you my pupils, my friends, but, better
than all, my boys and girls. You think
that I have done you some service ana
take this means of expressing your appre
ciation ot it. I shall not," said he, turn
ing to the heavy armchair, "grow older in
resting in so comfortable a resting place."
He continued :
Perhaps you are not aware, on the other
hand, of what good you have done me. All
that is productive of good In the matter is that
which gives and takes. Action and reaction
are equivalent in their results. Good may be
done to the doer. This is a truth throughout
the physical world. I ought to give you a
present, arid I certainly should do so if you all
had a common birthday. If I should attempt
it under the present conditions I tc uld be giv
ing a present to some one of you every day in
the year.
Di. Le Conte then gave a abort sketch of
his early life, and the impulses that
prompted him and the influences that led
him in the period of his growing to man
hood. He said :
In my early life my highest ideal was cult
ure for culture's snke— culture intellectual,
moral, physical for the whole man and knowl
edge for knowledge's sake; wisdom for wis
dom's sake. I have since learned that this is
not the highest ideal— time of looking after
one's self. It was eaid of Soiomon that he
ashed and prayed, not for riches, glory and
power; not for wisdom for wisdom's sake, but
wisdom to judge the people. In answer it was
given him wisdom, and riches, glory and
honor in addition.
seek first the highest, and all the lower
blessings will be added unto you. The highest
is not culture for culture's sake, but to im
press that culture upon others' knowledge, so
that you may impart knowledge to others —
wisdom to guide in the conducting of wisdom
to others.
Referring to his life as a physician he
said that in it he did not find satisfaction
to his soul. What was needed he did not
know, but he finally drifted into teaching,
and not until he did begin the instruction
of the young did he find full satisfaction.
It Is said of man that as soon as he marries
his troubles begin, but I say that there his life
begins. He lives no longer for self. He must
necessarily have his interests divi.Jed, and in
thts division is where comfort and blessedness
is found. Just so with teaching— one cannot
longer live for self aloue. To take up the
work of teaching I left the practice of medi
citu: and became a pupil of Agassiz. It is
now just forty-four years since I began in
structing, and I must say that during that
time I have lived a substantially happy life.
There is nothing wnich stimulates one to
action so vigorously as the co-operation of an
intelligent class eager to learn.
There is nothing which clarities the mind, so
perfectly as the attempt to make a subject clear
to a party of Intelligent listeners. Nearly every
good thought thatl have ever had in my life
has been in the immediate preparation tor my
classroom. If I have published anything in
this world for good it has been through the in
direct influence of my classes. If I have done
anything to influence a character it has re
acted on me.
Tn concluding, he said that he could not
dissipate whatever pleasant feeling that
had been aroused between his hearers and
himself through lecturing on the topic for
the clay, a noble subject though it was, and
in consequence would dismiss the class
with an affectionate and heartfelt "Thank
you."
Cathode Bay Experiments.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 2f>. — The
cathode mv uhotographic experimenters
at the university succeeded to-day in tak
ing several prints of ordinary objects such
as have been used heretofore, in a much
shorter space of time.
Professor Cory, Instructors Drew, Le
Conte and O. V. Lange, a local photogra
nher. succeeded in getting a print of Mr.
Le Conte's hand, showing all the bones of
the tinkers and a bullet lying on top of the
hand, in a well-defined picture after fif
teen minutes exposure of the ray. The
bones of the lingers were particularly dis
tinct. The fleshy part of the hand was,
however, opaque to the rays. On a two
and a half minute exposure they suc
ceeded in taking a photograph of a purse,
which proved to be as good as the one
made last Saturday after an exposure of
one hour.
Professor Cory has been able to work
the Crookes tube so that it will give out a
much more intense light, and so that the
current will be given higher frequency.
These experiments will be continued from
day to clay with the hope of strengthening
the rays still more and of producing pho
tographic prints of objects in leas time
than heretofore.
Students Ready for Work.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— The "stu
dent labor" on tne university grounds
will begin to-morrow afternoon. The stu
dents will be organized for work on the
military plan. They will all assemble at
V2:i't o'clock under command of the cap
tains of their respectivo companies. The
seniors and those who do not drill for
other reasons will be placed in charge of
President Wyckoff of the senior class.
Regent Reinstein, who was on the campus
to-day, stated that he desired that the en
tiie student body work four hours during
the afternoon instead of half of the num
ber working in two-hour shifts each.
The work itself will be in charge of Su
perintendent McLaren of Golden Gate Park
ana Professor Soule of the department of
engineerine at the university. The picks,
shovels and wheelbarrows and other im
plements have arrived, and everything is
in readiness for the turning of the first
shovelful of earth.
Dr. .Jordan's
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 26.— Dr. David
Starr Jordan delivered a lecture to-night
for the Longfellow Memorial Society at
Starr's Hall. He said that one-fourth of
our characteristics are inherited from our
mothers and one-fourth from our fathers,
and the rest come to us through our en
vironments and associations. He gave an
analytical and descriptive history of the
life germ.
Special Services.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— The Rev.
T. J. Lacy, head master of Trinity School
of San Francisco, preached thi« » vening in
St. Mark's Church on "The Cradle of
American Liberty." The sermon was the
first of a series to* be preached by Rev. Mr.
Lacy at St. Mart's during Lent.
A Sudden Death.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 26.— Mrs. Alice
Brown died suddenly this morning of
heart failure. She was the widow of John
Brown, who was killed by a train about
hve years ago.
University Baseball.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 26.— The Berke
ley Seniors defeated the Dental College
baseball nine to-day on the university
diamond by a score of 20 to 6.
BLIND MEN TAKE A HAND
They Thank Governor Budd for
Making Changes in the
Directors.
Superintendent Hays Makes a Few
Remarks About Colonel
Irish.
Oakland Office San Cbabcibco Call.)
908 Broadway. Feb. 26. \
The following letter was dispatched to
Governor Budd from the Blind Home to
day:
Home tor the Adtlt Blind,)
February 2«, 189i>. j
To His Excellency, Governor Budd: We, the
inmates of the Industrial Home for the Adult
Blind, desire to convey to you directly an ex-
Eression of our gratitude for the solicitude you
aye taken in our welfare. We appreciate
with the fullness of our hearts your successful
efforts to ameliorate mir condition, and we
desire to thank you for the cnangea you have
effected at the home. The new management
has brought about improvements that are
welcome beyond expression, and we are en
joying the confidence of the Knowledge that
our interests are in good hands.
D. C. Krashy, L. Andrews, S L. Hoover, F. A.
Means, W. Boyer, P. Hoban, F. J. King, J.
Rapozo, J. A. Silva, F. J. Kluetch, L. North, J.
Miller, D. D. Ahrens, B. S. Daniels, F. Schlop,
A. D. Fales, J. Riley, G. H. Llddle, C. Shea, M.
D. Dnseoll, P. Miller, J. W. Scannell, G. C.
Campbell, J. Sexton, W. A. Stages, J. Gordon,
J. Croake, P. L. Tighe, J. Thompson, 11. Ward,
W. Mast, J. Lan'gan, P. Baiitz, J. H. Gafney, R.
L. Bagnelle, J. P. Lipp, E. M. Lipp, G. F. Lerch,
R. Sublette, C. Wilson, H. Stapels, J. Gilbert,
E. F. Smith, F. M. Farris, H. Mahntna, P. C.
Tips, J. Kannedy, J. E. Coffey, J. Lyall, C. \V.
Barnard, J. J. Sly, P. Kearney, J. Marks, V.
Swartelles.
Superintendent Jack Hays of the Home
for Adult Blind passed an opinion this
afternoon on Colonel Irish.
"I consider John P. Irish," said Hays,
"the worst man in California, so far as
truth and veracity are concerned. He does
not know truth wi.en he sees it. He hates
me because I found him out in his du
plicity, and I did not hesitate to expose
him as a man unworthy of belief. I say
so now, that John P. Irish is a man un
worthy of belief. He is a man without
honor and without word.
'■That is my opinion of this man John
P. Irish in plain English language. Why
then should I worry about ttie statement
of a man whom I charge to be without
honor? I want the public to know why
John P. Irish hates me. During Cleve
land's last campaign I got up a meeting
for Mr. Irish in Aiameda.
''I think it was the only public meeting
in Aiameda County that he was allowed
to address. After Cleveland's election I
called on Mr. Irish and told him I was a
candidate for Naval Officer. He had
promised to support me and also promised
my Aiameda friends that he would sup
port me.
"Tne Democrats of Aiameda County
know Irish. Why, he could not even be
elected a delegate to a little convention in
his own town. I make no bones of what
I think of John P. Irish and he knows it.
I have lived in this county many years,
lam known, and the linger of scorn has
never been pointed at me. My reputation
stands before the people and they know
what I am."
SCIENTIFIC SWINDLERS.
The Gold Brick Workers Were Supplied
With lust ni'iiciii s and Chemicals.
Oakland Office Sab Francisco Call. ) |
908 Broadway, Feb. 2ti. J •
The two men in the City Prison who j
have been so quiet now have something to !
explain. Officer Hodgkins found an outfit
this evening that proved how thoroughly j
scientific were toe methods pursued by tbe i
men he arrested last nijjht when perpe- !
trating the gold-brick swindle. The cap
tured collection of instruments and cnemi*
cals is the most complete ever known to
have been used by criminals.
In one valise was a large tin box, on
which was mud, showing that it had been j
buried in the earth. Inside the t ; n box !
were two large "gold" bricks. Each i
weighed about forty pounds and bore j
some resemblance to the genuine metal. !
When rubbed with the finger some of the \
gold came off, showing that it was an or- I
dinary bronze brick washed over with gilt
paint.
In another trunk were some elegant
suits of clothes and advertisements of
bogus mining properties. Another valise
contained some old, lauddy clothes and
pistols. In case some of their schemes
should end tragically and some shooting
follow the brick swindlers were prepared. I
In a valise was a complete little surgical j
outfit, including cotton wool, probes and j
bandagea, besides lotions and shell things I
as are used. Had they been injured there j
would have been no need to risk detection |
by going to a doctor. In some of the i
i cases of attempted swindling an Indian |
i has cut a prominent figure. A complete !
j Indian disguise was found in a valise, i
' with inks and pastes to u«e in the mark- j
I ing. There was also an Indian piece of ]
\ headgear with some dilapidated feathers j
i in it and a pair of worn mocassins.
The most scientific part of the outfit ;
j consisted of some crucibles and acomplete !
assay outfit. There" were chisels and drills i
and acids and lamps. There were also j
some pure gold fillings and valuable nug
gets and rich quartz with which t<> gull
the unwary. There was also genuine j;o!d \
dr.st in envelopes. This was used when a i
suspicious victim should want to see the j
brick bored. The sharpers would bore the ;
brick and carefully put the dust into an I
envelope for the purpose of taking it to a
chemist for a test. On the way the brass
| d\ist would be changed for the gold dust, '
which, of course, would stand the te3t and j
increase tne confidence of the prospective
purchasers.
Andrew Root, the name given by one of
the prisoners, is also known as Miller,
Woods, Raymond and Nesbit.
James Ward is also Known as Leek, and
he has an Eastern prison record.
The clever manner in which the men
were rnn down is the work of Omcer
Hodgkins, who has been working ten days
ou tbe cases. He arrested the men last
night in Alameda, and then learned that
the last time they were in Oakland they
lived at the Hotel Metropole. From there
he followed their baggage till he located it
to-night in Marcuses storage warehouse,
where it had b«en stored. On opening the
many valises the outfit was discovered.
Ritchie, the Napa man who was robbed
some time ago, has identified one of the
men as one who helped to get +5000 out of
him by means of a bogus gold brick.
A turban-maker in Teheran earns about
10s a week.
O'CONNOR IS EXONERATED
The Board of Education Clears
the Principal of the Horace
Mann School.
CHARGES CAME TO NOTHING.
A Number of Janitors Removed by
the Committee — Transfers and
Changes.
As was expected the Board of Educa
tion exonerated Principal James O'Connor
of the Horace Mann School on the charges
brought against him by Director Hender
son at its meeting last evening.
The Committee on Rules, was to
report whether or not it was worth -while
for the board to occupy its time with a
formal trial, reported as follows:
Gentlemen: Your Committee on Rules, to
whom wad referred the charges against Prin
cipal O'Connor of the Horace Mann School, re
spectfully report that after a careful hearing
of testimony respecting the case, we find :
First— That the disorder in the yard was such
as demanded prompt attention on the part of
the principal.
Second— That the expressions,"Get yez to yer
rooms" and '"for 2 cents I would give you a
good bullyragging," were not used, and that
the scope and effect of the othor expressions
were different from what appeared to be tha
case in connection with the written charges.
Third — The second pajrt of the charges was
withdrawn.
Fourth— We beg to report that we see no
cause for further action in the matter.
The report was adorned by an affirma
tive vote of all the Directors except Mr.
Henderson.
The following changes were recom
mended by the Committee on Janitors and
ratified by the board:
Position of janitress of the Cleveland Pri
mary declared vacant and Mrs. Emma M.
Bteinway appointed; position of janitress of
Horace Mann Grammar declared vacant and
James Needham uppointed; Mrs. A. Edwards
appointed janitress of Sunnyside School; posi
tion of janitress of Henry Durant behoof de
clared vacant and 0. P. \Yilkinson appointed;
Mrs. Kate Ereen appointed janitress of Doug
lass Primary; Mrs. Kate Peterson appointed
janitress of the Haight Primary School.
Considerable feeling was manifested by
Director Barrett regarding the removals,
and at one ttage of the proceedings he ac
cused Director Knox, chairman of the
Committee on Janitors, oi "sneaking and
skulking" about schools looking for some
excuse to cause me removal of needy
women to make room for his friends.
Miss Blanche Schwartz and Mrs. M. R f
Herrington, teachers in the Marshall Pri
mary School, and Miss Ray B. Valleau, as
sistant teacher in the Lmerson School,
presented their resignations, which # were
accepted.
John Center aad others sent in a com
munication requesting that a new school
be established in the block bounded by
Rhode Island, De Haro, Solano and Mari
posa streets.
The City Board of Examiners made the
following recommendations-, which were
adopted : Miss M. K. Bristol, Miss Harriet
V. Martin, Miss Cordelia Burnham and
Miss Margaret C. Kelley, recommended to
State Board for life diplomas in the gram
mar grade; MiM Ray B. Valleau, recom
mended to State Board for State
educational diploma in the gram
mar grade. Renewals of grammar
eracte certificates wero recommended for
A. H. McDonald. William A. Leggett,
Miss M. A. Cole, Miss M. E. Griff en, Miss
Josephine S. Miller. The same course was
recommended m the case of Miss Daisy M.
Wilson, Miss Helen F. Foley and Mi«s
Maria Irwin, holders of primary -grade
certitioates. Grammar-grade certificates
were granted to Miss Carrie M. Mills, Miss
May 6'Keefe and Miss K. A. Humphrey.
>liss P. M. Nolan, principal of the
Washington Evening School, was elected
a member of the City Board of Examiners
on motion of Director Comte. She will
take her office on the Ist of next month.
Superintendent Babcock and Director
Comte, who presented the resolution ap
pointing Miss Noian, paid a high tribute
to her abilities as a teacher, calling her
one of the most efficient and valued in the
department.
Director Scott, who was in the chair in
the absence of President Dodge, was
elected permanent president pro tern.
Tne report of the Committee on Classifi
cation, which was adopted, recommended
the following changes:
Miss Lillian Goodman transferred from Irv
ing Primary to Marshall Primary; Miss Nellie
E. MeLane appointed probationary teacher,
and aligned to Irving Primary; Miss Theresa
E. Perham transferred from i'otrero Primary
to Marshall Primary; Miss Julia L. Sexton ap
pointed probationary teacher and assigned to
I'otrero Primary; Miss May E. Strauss tem
porarily assigned to the charge of a class in
the Hamilton Evening School: Miss Clara 15.
liailey appointed probationary teacher, and
assigned to Emerson Primary; " Miss Ellen E.
Ewing transferred from Hawthorne Primary
to Denman (irammar; Miss Nellie Husspv un
pointed member of the evening substitute
cia.-s.
NEW TO-PAT. ' ,
Gladness Comes
A X 7ith a better understanding of the
V » transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills, which vanish before proper ef-
forts gentle efforts— pleasant efforts
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge, that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
'remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine arti-
cle, which is manufactured by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co. only and sold by
all reputable druggists.
: If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, laxatives or
other remedies are then not needed. If
afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
one should have the best, and with the
well-informed ■ everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>2*"> KFIEW HT. Established
| in I*.V* for the treatment of Private
' Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
> disease wearing ou body and mind and
ISlcin Diseases- doctor cures «v ten
I others fall. Try him. Charges low
|t'ur«»c;narunte«»<f. Callorwrlt«t
> ur.j.F.uißßOlT, Box 18*7. San Frandac*
1314
AN EXHIBIT DENOUNCED.
The "California" Exposition in
New York Unfavorably
Received.
A. D. Montague Warns the State Board
of Trade That Its Name is
Improperly Used.
For several months past circulars have
been floating around the State advertising
a "California State exhibit" in Madison
Square, New YorK. The promoters of the
scheme claimed that trie exhibit was in
dorsed by the California State Board of
Trade, and that this body was to exhibit
its big wheel that attracted so much atten
tion at Atlanta. Also that the railroad '
had promised to give free transportation ■
of all poods sent to the New York exhibit. '■
All of these statements have "been denied
by the secretary of the State Board of
Tradfl and by W. H. Mills on behalf of the
railroad company. Secretary J. A. Filcher i
yesterday received an interesting letter I
from A. D. Montague, formerly of Mon- j
terey and lately the correspondent at At
lanta for several Los Angeles newspapers.
Mr. Montague made an investigation of \
the Madison-square Garden scheme and j
upon this subject he writes the following:
California had letter guard her reputation
in time, and you nil would be wiae to keep an j
eye on the Madison-square 'iarden fake. 1 a::i
i stonisbed over it all myself. Here's bow itis:
I went down to Madison-yquare Garden and
found the you tier gentlemen who are running i
the thine and had a long- talk with them— at ,
least with the manager and secretary. Man- '
ager Wakes Is a:i infant of about 25 years, I !
think, wi:h a downy mustache and a eoinpla
cent conscience. He is sorely afflicted with the
ci*ar habit. I lotuid out that he was an ns-ist
ant at the World's Fair in the general man
ager's office, and that be feels fully capable of
conducting the proposed exposition. Ithoutrht
I should die when I learned that he had never :
In California and thought Sacramento \
was in the sou'h somewhere, where the i
vni-jiieros and Spanish dancers live. He had !
never heard of the Chamber of Commerce of I
Los Angeles. I '
He Is going to California in two or three days !
to "look up the fftate." He spoke as though
bethought California about the size of )><-ia
•■ are. They art' making penerous use of the
State Board 01 Tradi '« name.
The secretary, Mr. Page, is & pftle, waxen ' ,
young mail with a lisp and a painful air of
ennui— chronic tired feeling. I got out of ;
there very angry at their presumption and
hastened down to the Sun office and had an
interview with the editor. The Sun is a good - '
fn. nd of California and on its supposition that !
the board was back of the affair, it gave a very
line notice of the slick little money-making
Fi'heme, both in the news and editorial
columns. The upshot of it was, 1 wrote the i
following:
Mr. Montague's article for the New York
Sun was a scathing denunciation of the
Madison-square Garden scheme, so far as
its alleged connection with any California
organization or body of responsible men
is concerned. In conclusion and alluding
to the proraotors' endeavor to secure the
indorsement^ of the Southern Pacific, Mr.
Montague writes:
The general Eastern agent of the Southern
Pacific Company says Mr. Huntington <le
ciin.,l to comply with their request and that
the Southern Pacific Company regards the
fcheme as a wildcat proposition and very un
trustworthy.
Astronomy Up-to-Date.
If the following be true the "Man in the
Moon must have a pretty busy time of it.
Two urchins ihe other day were discuss
ing the labor question whenone remarked :
••Anyways, Bill, the 'Man in the Moon'
ain't pot much t'do."
"Oli. ain't 'e though!" replied his com
panion. "That's all you knows 'bout it.
then. Why, 'c 'as to shine up the stars
and put 'em in agm nex' morning, jes like
shutting up a shop; an' in the daytime 'c
'as ter chop up the wood ter keep the tire
alight in the sun. Don't tell me 'c ain't
got nuttin' ter i!o."— Spare Moments.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franr-iscoCALt
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
niglit in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
359 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-W. earner sixteenth and Missiou streets, ODen
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
KOTK'K OF Bl*JKTJ>tis.
Et^ 3 BOUT SAN FRANCISCO «~
l*-*^ I-od^e. No. 212, F. and A. M., meets A
THIS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for^fV
second degree. By order of the Master. r^\
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
Its' CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. IF a
l»«*' and A. M.. will meet THIS (THURS- A
DAY) EVENING. February 27. Nt 7:80^3?
o'clock. Third degree. By order of the r^^
. master. FRaNKLIN H. Day, Secretary. \
CE^g=» WESTERN ADDITION x *-*taay. I
C*-*' Lodge No. 285, I. 0. O. F.— <&>2&iji&& .
brothers, attention: Special at THlS^s^*3s?^
(THURBDAY) EVENING'S meet- <^/mi^~
lug. Official visit of the grand master. Visitorscor-
dially invited. , E. HOWE, N. G.
V. Aaron, Secretary. -
9^~S* YERBA BUENA LODGE >o*mbu»/s,
Bt2e' No. 15, I. 0 O. F.-Rei;ular^J^^L
me«tineTHIS(TUURSDAY')EVEN-^^<S^^^
]>'<;. Important business. All mem- -^If«w**
bers requested to be present.
E. G. HARRISON, N. G.
■ M. S. Jeffebs JR., Recording Secretary,
R^S=~ THE~KKBEKAH LODGES .vNvmui-^
Lr-o' of san Francisco will give a £&% l^£&'
literary entertainment and a leap-year =?»*2?-^?
dance at Odd Fellows' Hall. SATUR- ; J /i»'^--
i'AY EVENING, February 29. 1896. San Fran-
cisco Canton No. 6, Patriarch Militant, will be
present in full dress uniform. ; -.-,
K5S> CLANNA NAN GAIDBEAL v C^^~
l*~~&' an Gullible a Cherte— The San 3V, {&JJ
francisco Scottish Thistle Club will y&J£v££
hold its semi-monthly meeting THIS '^S! 1 *
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at Fraternity Hall,
X-.» O'Farrell st., at Br. m. "Upon the adjournment
of the meeting the regular monthly smoker will be
held. All Scotchmen are cordially invited to at-'
tend. GEORGE \V. PATERSON, Recorder. •
Jowm D. Coulie, Royal Chief.
S^B» JtO THE IRISH PEOPLE OF SAN ~J~
Bfc^ l^ Francisco— The Hon. JOHN F. FIN- »f A
ERTY of Chicago, one of the most eloquent&^^A
and patriotic speakers in the United Swtes,^S»'
and a life-long advocate of Irish nationality, will \
deliver the oration on the 4th of March in Metro- |
politan Temple on the anniversary celebration of '
the birth of ROBERT EMMET.
Your earnest co-operation is requested In order
to make the celebration worthy of him who sleeps
in a nameless grave, where nature alone spreads
above him her verdant covering.
The distinguished abilities of JOHN F. FIN-
ERTY should be an assurance of a magnificent
demonstration of Irish patriotism on that occasion.
I raternally,
KNIGHTS OF THE RED BRANCH.
B^|»P ANNUALMKJS.MING-THE REGULAR
£*-*' annual meeting of stockholders of the West-
ern Beet sugar Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market street, san Francisco
Cal on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
oQ T 1 o S J er . V?, kf wi!l close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock M. .
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPKCi\L NOTICKS. " ~~
pr^" BAD TENANTS^^JECTIiD^FOR^??
<v^l«^l llon ;; made, city : or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montsy room 6. Tel. 5580.
E^*, \P UNO BUSINESSMAN RETURNING
B^* W {. ii OW: * ClEakk " AND FLOORS
»-*' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Suiter.
jr-£= NOTICE-OWING TO THE prevai^
«»-*' enceof scarlet fever in many parts of the
city the friends of the children In the San Fran
pfceo Protestant Orphan Asylum will not be allowed
to visit them as customary on friends' day. Fri'lav
Feb. 28, for fear of bringing the contagion. Good
health prevail* at the institution now and the desire
is to maintain It,. By order of the President.
Brig" Bl ° OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW
t*-*' every night cor. Market ana Sixth sts.: artis-
tic advertisements in living li lu: promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 11*0 Market.
ZIPS' PROF. KNOTT; MAGNETIC HEALER
tS^y and life-reader. 1077 Market st. 1 " AA ' 1! ', X
EOS' MMF.. HANSELS AND ASSISTANTS—
C*-s > Electric, vapor, salt waterbaths. 116 Taylor.
SIH: Ally.Nl U.4MKD-1- M.A L,E.
AT MURRAY- A READY-, EMPLOYMENT
-V agents. 634 and 633 Clay st , 50 first-class wait-
ress's and chambermaids awaiting situations; city
or country. Phone Main 6848. -
p ERMAN GIRL ~ WISHES PLACB FOR
vx light housework and cooking. Call 223 Polk
•t.i cor. i'uliftu.
•eITI'ATIONS WANTED-fontlnnsd. .
COMPETENT FRENCH NURSE AND SEAM-
stress desires situation or as second girl: refer-
ences; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st,: telephone main 6520. ' ■
pOMPETENT MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
\J desires situation: cooking and housework or
• waiting; best references: country; not afraid of
work. Miss CULLEN, 323 Suiters:.
A B EDUCATED GERMAN LADY WITH
J\. best of references desires position with lady or
couple; same is trustworthy and understands
housekeeping and sewing thoroughly. Address G.,
box 58, this office. - '-.'■'
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER FOB HOTEL
x or summer resort; or housekeeper for gentle-
man's family; No. 1 references given and re-
quired. Call or address 1429 Mission St., from 4 to
6 p. m.. room 9.
pOMPETENT. KEIIABLK YOUNG WOMAN
V wants a si; untion to assist in a ■ kitchen or res-
taurant: will work by the week or month: can
make herself generally useful: . wages reasonable.
A. M., 327 Minna st.
pOOD COO WANTS SITUATION: WILL DO
VX washing r.nd Ironing in small family; no ob-
jection to the country; sma.ll wages. Call or ad-
dress B*J7 Mission st. : .
AT OX- NG GIRL WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
X at dressmaking; can cut and tit. Call or ad-
dress 1119 Treat aye., bet. Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-nth sis.
ANTED— ISY A PROTESTANT WOMAN A
1 ''position as working housekeeper in widower's
I family: good seamstress and cook; city or coun-
; try. Call 751 Howard St., for 3 days. '■
Ei: LIABLE YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN
• would like situation as invalid's nurse; is will-
i ing 10 do light housework if needed. Address S. 8.,
j box 105, Cali Office.
GIRL OF 15 YEARS WANTS SITUATION TO
mind baby: small wages; city or country. Call
I or write 145 Twelfth St., city, room . 20, top floor.
! VOUXG WOMAN WOULD LuTe A HOUSE-
X keeper's place or light housework: is also good
infant's nurse. Address Ellen, 307 Rltch st.
GF KM A N GIRL TO DO UPSTAIRS WORK
VJ~ or general housework. Call 512 Bush st.
I pOMPETENT WOMAN WITH GOOD KECOM-
' \J mondations wishes any klnil of housework by
I the flay or week. 274 Clementina st.
MIDDLE AGED LADY WISHER TO ASSIST
IX In a small family; wages, $12. Call 405 Turk.
GIRL. WISH ES a SITUATION To DO LIGHT
housework. Please Inquire 22 Harriett at.
; MI DDLE-AGED AMERICAN LADY WISHES
I 1»X situation as housekeeper fur widower; good
\ cook, no objections to children. 829 Stevenson
St., off Tenth.
I>lace WANTED by 2 SISTERS in HOTEL
X or lodging-house as chambermaids. Call 152 4
Dolores st.
BY FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER; PERFECT
fit: go eat by the day: very reasonable. Ad-
i dress D. M.. box 103, Call Office.
! WOMAN DESIRES GENERAL HOUSE-
! '» work: is a good English cook; willing to work
j for low wages : city reference. 362 Jessie, nr. Fifth.
GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO LIGHT
housework or take care of a child. Address
515 l /2 Leavenworth St., near Geary.
i p OOD COOK WISHES SITUATION in SMALL
I "JT country hotel: or restaurant, city or country.
Call or address 20 Hampton place, off Folsom si.,
neat Third.
9 NEAT YOUNG GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS
— to do ceneral housework in American family.
j Call 6271/3 Ivy aye. '"
I A'OUNG WOMAN WANTS CHAMBERWORK
X or laundry work by the day or week. 1243
Mission »t.
TTOUNG WOMAN AND DAUGHTER DKSIRE
X work in country; good cook. 315 sutter st.
BY MIDDLE-AGED ENGLISH WOJf AN BlT-
uation in country hotel or on a ranch; pood
■ cook: 1 year in last place. Call or address 62 Na-
j toma.
BY COMPETENT WOMAN AS COOK OR
laundress or do general housework,, city or
; country, or nurse for invalid, wants work of any
i kind. Call 731 Suiter, downstairs.
fVAMILY SEWING IN PRIvATE FAMILIES,
infants' flannel embroidered, or will go with
first-class dressmaker by day. Address or call
MRS. DURBROW.73S Gear/at.
1 EDUCATED GERMAN LADY, WHO SPEAKS
XJ and reads English and French, wishes situa-
: tion as lady's companion, or by an invalid: is also
: able to assist in household or with children. Please
i address Mrs. J. L., box 58, Call office.
OSITION AS MAKER OR SALESLADY IX
millinery-store; reference given. Address F
box I H, Call Office.
Orril ATTOX WANTED BY GERMAN
j O woman in the country: gooa housekeeper and
good at mending. B. G., box 30. Call Office.
woman wants washing or~house-
'» cleaning: »1 per day and car fare. Address
; W., box 17, this office.
SCAM DIN A V I A WOMAN WISHES SITU-
O tion as cook in private family. Apply 7191/2
: Howard st.
j THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
, X gagemems by the day; terms $2. MISS K.
i Hl-.ISKL. 1020 Mission st.
GENTLEMEN'S MENDING neatly done
at room 22, 105 Stockton st. ; - . : 1 ~
T> EFINED FRENCH LADY WISHES POSI-
Xt tion as cook In private family; can cook either
French, Spanish, Italian or American style. Re-
-1 fer to 500 Union st.
j QWEDISH GI •{!. WISHES SITUATION TO DO
O general housework in a family of 2 or 3 grown
I persons. Call or address 1631 Fulton st., city.
OCA N dTnAVIAN G I R L WANTS SITUATION
0 to do general housework. Call or address 44
Sacramento st. .
SECOXD WORK— BY A RESPECTABLE
vj girl: is a competent waitress: can sew. Please
call 527% Linden aye., near Hayes St.
HOUSEKEEPER'S POSITION WANTED BY
a woman of 30. Call or address 240 Shotwell
St.. bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
9 GIRLS (SISTERS), AGED 17 AND 19
— years, want positions" in one family: wages
no object, but a few hours' time per day to resume
studies: no postals. Address B. R., box 71, this
office.
yOUXti WIDOW WITH A CHILD WISHES
X work as housekeeper In San Jose. Apply MRS.
I HAGAX, Halfmoou Bay, San Mateo County, Cal.
I A7OUNG GERMAN WOMAN wishes place
X to do general housework or chamberwork in
lodging-house. 3211/2 O'Farrell st,, rear.
\\f ANTED— BY A COMPETENT WOMAN A
j »' situation to take full charge of an infant: 3
years in her lest place; references. Apply 13111 A
Broadway.
T> EFINED EDUCATED LADY, SPEAKING
X\j French, German and English, wishes position
in some Kind of business; best references. Ad-
dress M. 15., 32 Hartford St.
1 i ERMAN GIRL; PLAIN COOK AND GEN-
VX eral housework. 1313 Stockton st.
XP. RIENCED DRESSMAKER WANTS EX-
ga?ements by day in families; terms, $1 75 a
day. Address 13 Oak St.
; y OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY:
'» washing, cleaning house or moving. Address
24 Verona St., off Third, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
X by the day, washing orhousecleaning: 91 50a
day. Address 67 Clementina st., rear.
I GIRL WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY To
yj do dressmaking and plain sewing. Send postal
to 9351/2 Howard St., room 5.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
" Market; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 60 per night- "
I 91 60 to $6 per week -, convenient and resneciable;
,1 free bus to and from the ferry.
\J I SITING GOVERNESS, AN EXPERT
' enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 104, Call. •
SITUATIONS As Ifcij »lALt.
■ gOO KEN WANT AMD JCtJBT HAVE WOBK
I OVJ\I at once: employers please send us your or-
ders and we will send you competent men; 'phone
main 5848. MURRAY <fc READY, Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st. "
PC. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches -.short notice. 14 Geary, tel. Grant 46.
UNtTTr & CO., CHINESE ANdlaPAN-
esc employment office, 17 Webb «.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter:' tel. Grant 30.
pHINESE AND—JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41 4 1/ O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
RELIABLE, STEADY YOUNG MAN WANTS
XV situation around private place: will do general
housework and attend to horse and garden. Call
or address EMILE F. MILLER, New Atlantic
Hotel.
pARDENER, FIRST-CLASS REFERENCES,
VT Eastern and California experience, wishes
private place or foreman in nursery: present em-
ployer in city. Address C. HUB.NKR, 215 Hayes
St., nursery.
SITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, salesman or driver of delivery
wagon; 5 years' general experience in this city;
. reference furnished if required. Address E. G
box 26, Call Office. -
"IT O U NG MARRIED MAX. 25 YEARS OLD,
X must have employment at once; can give good
references and Is A No. 1 salesman. Address E
X., box 16. Call Office. ■ -. .. -.;-■;.,- ;
|JY YOUNG MAS— COMPETENT GARJ/ENER
XJ wishes situation; references if required. id-
dress W. C., box 79, this office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG EAST-
O em man as grocer's clerk; aged 18 and had
plenty of . experience. Address P. P., box 88, Call.
p ENERAL MERCHANDISE AND grocery
vJ clerk wishes position; cood references; wages
no object. ■ Address C. H., 2222 Jackson st.
MAN FROM THE EAST WOULD "LIKE TO
get place In creamery; experienced : can make
butter 011 machine. ; Call or address 518 Ninth St.
TV" A X lE D— POSITION AS CLERK IN. RE-
" tail store by young man of good habits: good
situation more an object than wages. Address G
S.. box 115, Call Office. •  «
L'RK.NOH COOK AND.WIFE WOULD LIKE
J care of dining-room in hotel or boarding-house.
Address C, box 107, Call. ;
UOY 15 YEARS OLD, LIVING WITH PAR-
»L ents, wlshes.to learn a trade. Address C. X.,
box 24. Call Ofltce. ■ . .%.
V\ rA x r f. D ~ OI)I) jobs ABOUT place by
' » reliable man handy with tools: do all kinds of
, work. Address Handy, box 67, Call. .
......
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1596.
PTTPATIoys WANTKP-Contlnncd.
CIVIL ENGINEER WITH 20 YEARS'
perlence . Is In destitute ; circumstances and
{ wants any kind of work he can secure:; in married
and sober. . Address R. E. A., box 72, Call Office.
i "VfIDDLE-AGED SINGLE MAN WANTS SIT-
r 1»X nation: understands gardening, care of horses,
f milking and orcti«r.i work; moderate wases; refer-
ences. Address Farmer, box 82, Call Office.
f SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
r k~ as bartender: a first-class mixer: had six years'
i experience in first-class hotels. Address J. BUJ>
, LI VAN, 638b -\aioma st. • , .-•
. "yOU NO SWEDE WISHES SITUATION AS
. X coachman, take care horses; 15 years' experl-
- ence: best of reference. .Address Swede, box 92,
- Call Office.
' QTEADY GKRMAN' WISHES A SITUATION
O as coachman and gardener; good milker; gen-
I .erally useful about place: city or country: good
■ city references. Address V., box 19, this office.
' <s«p:n cash to any one getting me A
' 'Jvr position. paying moderate salary, or In-
. formation that will lead to getting me one. Ad-
• dress J. F.. cox 61, this office.
; r-ATION WANTED BY A GOOD CAKE-
O oaker: can ai«o bake bread; married; German.
. Address 413V a Nineteenth.
O CANDINA VIAN MAN WANTS A PLACE AS
, O cook in private' family or boarding-house. Ad-
dress 517 itailro:id aye., Alameda, Cal.
\ I WANTED— YOUNG MAX WANTS WORK;
" handy with tools: willing to work. Call or
! address J. A. ANDERSON, 20 South Park.
p OOD SECOND-COOK WANTS SITUA : lON ;
VJ wages no object. Address Cook, 409 Pacific.
A NO. 1 CREAMER. AND.BUTTER-
-TV maker desires place: eive references. Address
N. ERICKSEX, 1455 Castro st. . .
i ACTIVE MAN REQUIRES EMPLOYMENT;
-TV expert bookkeeper: has knowledge of ma-
chinery; good all-round man; highly recom-
mended: security. R., 15 Tilden st. -
Ma AND WIFE, WITH BOY OF SEVEN,
would like to get work in hotel, ranch or pri-
vate fanjily; wife Is good housekeeper: man will-
ing to do any kind of wbrk. M. G., 45 Carolina St.,
Dr. Sixth, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
WANTED— A situation- BY AN ENGLISH-
» » man as valet or traveling servant; 8 years' ref-
erence from present employer. Address Valet, box
, 147. San Mateo.
S"EC«>ND-HANDCAKE AND PASTRY BAKER
__ wishes work.' Address G. P., 921 Mission st.
A NTKD-SITUATIuN, ~ MARCH f^ AS
»' grocery clerk (country) :by young man: 4
years' city experience ; understands bookkeeping-
references. 1)., 1640 Sacramento st.
Cook wants work IN a boarding-
\J house oz on a ranch; understands baking; city
or country. Address C. P., 409 Ninth st., Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN: AX D
0 wife, without children, to take care of a ranch
or to work on a private place; man understa d*
all kinds of ranch or private work; wife good
cook. Address J. KATHGEBcIR. Napa, Cal.
GARDENER. COACHMAN, GOOD MILKER,
desires work in private household: iiood refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 88, Call Office.
IV ANTED- POSITION AS MANAGER OF
»' fruit or stock ranch; understands shipping
and drying thoroughly ; Irrigation 11 specialty; can
handle stock on ranch and rang?; best of refer-
ence given and required. Addres; F. G., box 24.
Call Office.
LL-ROUND AD. AND JOB MAN WANTS
position ; city preferred; sober and industrious;
has faintly; best references given. Address Job,
box 64, Call.
GARDENER, GENERALLY USEFUL, UN-
VJ derstands care of horses, can milk; city
references; moderate wages. Address P. M., 624
Twelfth st., Oakland. . ;
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
VV" ATrRESSEsTcTTY" ANd'wUNTRyTTTo
»» and $20: cook, few boarders, $20: girls for
housework and cooking, city and country. MUR-
RAY READY, 634 Clay st. '
WANTED-NEATGIRL FOR HOUSEWORK,
'» 2in family, $20, see lady here; 2 nurses for
children. $20 and $25: German upstairs irl, $20;
girls for cooking and housework In Sacramento,
$25; Newman, $25; San Luis Obispo, $25; Oak-
land, $25; 3 cooks. $25, $30 and $35; pantry -girl,
$20, and cirls of all nationalities for housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter st.
FRENCH NURSE, $25; COOK. «30, SAUSA-
X lito; second girl, $25, same house; (-ertnan
nurse, $25: cook, Stockton, $25, Sacramento, $26,
Oakland. $25, and other towns. MISS CULLEN.
323 Sutter st.
A WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OOK, RANCH, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
V' Sutter st. ' „
OUSEWORK-GIRL, SLEEP HOME, 918
MISS CULLEN, 323 Satter st.
PARTNER, DRESSMAKING BUSINESS,
-I country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Putter st.
p ERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS 925;
VJ nurse, grown children, $25: chambermaid,
$20; cook, country. $35: 20 Uousework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25: 10 young girls, assist,
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
p EKMAX SECOND GIRL, $25: COOK, $25:
VT second girl,. $20; cook, city, good place, $30.
MISb CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. ,
HOUBEW GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY, GE R-
man or Swedish preferred. 25 to $30;' Ger-
man second girl. $25; seamstress, $25; nurse, $30.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. -
VOCXO, STRONG AMERICAN COOK, 925;
X girls for housework, $15 to $20; chambermaid
and waitress, $15: chambermaid and waitress
small hotel n-ar city, $12, and others. C. R.
HAXSEX A CO., 110 Geary.
\\T ANTED— FRENCH NURSE YOUNG CHIL-
»" dren, $25: German cook, $20: young wait-
resses. $12: French second clrl,sls: housework
girl, 2 in family, $20. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton.
f AUNDRKSS FOR HOTEL, $2.'.: HOUSE-
XJ work girls. R. T. WARD & CO.. 610 Clay.
pERMAN NURSERY , UOVERXESS, $25;
VT German cook and second girl, one house, see
lady in office, $25, $20: 2 girls. 2 in family. $20; 2
nurseglrls, $12. MM E. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton.
WANTED-60 GIRLS TO FILL PLACES IN
»' city and country: w»ces $15. $20, $25 and
$35. Call at 315 suiter, MRS. NORTON.
pHAMBERMAID TO ASSIST Af~ WAITING,
\J $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny. * ,
W ANTED— OPERATORS, skirt-makers,
»' apprentice on ladies' duck suits, at 3 Cleve-
land st., bet. Sixth and Seventh, and Folsom and
Harrison.
WANTED— MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS
'» housekeeper: small wages: one wanting- a
good home preferred. Address E. \V\, 2010 Polk.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN UPSTAIRS WORK- 95
per month; good home. 12:27 Geary, near
Gough. .
WANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH
'» children: good home: wages $5. Apply be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m, 1516 California st.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS
aud underwear. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 321/*
Fremont st. . : -7 ;i.
Girl wanted for housework and
cooking; after 9. 1913 Devisadero.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 2432
J . Post.
SWEDISH OR GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
eral housework; small family. 1620 Geary.
GIRL DO HOUSEWORK SMALL FAMILY.
1231 O'Farrell st.
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK assist
\J cooking; city references. 2013 Pine st.
EXPERIENCED PAPER-BOX GIRLS; GOOD
_ wages: no others need apply. 16 Fremont.
V EAT, RELIABLE YOUNG GIRL. LIGHT
-l^ housework; good home. 2504 Clay st.
EAT GERMAN GIRL. 16 TO 16, FOR HOUSE-
i-^ work and bakery. 1305 Mission.
vteat girl to take care of baby and
-l-> assist housework. 2394 Howard.
VOUNGGIRL; CARE OF CHILDREN. 1308 a
X Leaven worth.
GIRL -FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK-
T wages $15. Call Bto 10:30, 1718 Fell.
RESSMAKING APPRENTICES. 632%
Ellis St. • 7
ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL ASSIST WITH
r light housework. 323 Eddy St.
AIRDRESSING, 25c; MANICURING, Mas
10 lessons In class, $1. 131 Post St.. room 20!
T ADY BOOKKEEPER AND STENOG"-
XJ rapher; must have had practical experience in
booKkeeplng and must be thoroughly, competent
U. 8. Industrial Agency, room 167. Crccker bldng]
\\T ANTED— A GOOD STRONG GIRL FOR
'» general housework, no washing or baking $10
references.' Call at 1015b Post St., bet. 10 and 12*.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1320
VX Ellis St.; wages $10. . . ,
OPERATORS WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS' i
\J also apprentice. 314 Clementina st. ,
pIRLTO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK A D
vJ children. 1321 Twenty-third St., near Castro.
EXPERIENCED CUTTER- FOR LADIES'
and children's underwear. E. C, box 9, Call.
U: ANTED-GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework. 2732 Pine St. .
9 GERMAN GIRLS WANTED FOR GENERAL
*.i housework. 3111FilImore; also 800 Greenwich.
\"OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK :
X sleep home. 123 a San Jose aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
XJ. quick method of cutting, fitting and finishins-
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
"yOUNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
X general housework. 696 Baker st.
A PPRENTICES f6~LEATtN DRESS CUT-
ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
INCH "ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»' Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per nlcht; $1 50 to 96 per
week : **«•« bus to and from the ferry. ■■-■'■" '■•'•■.
H OROUGH COURSE IN MILLINERY
X taught; will prepare pupils to take positions this
spring. MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121. Post, rin. 46.
AIR DRESSING, 26c = AND 35c: MORNING
and eye classes; lOlessons.9l 60. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTER • HOUSE-DRESR-
cutting school. 1231 Market at., bet. Bth and 9ih. ;
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to 91 60 per night: 91 60 to 96 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry. •
_^^ MALE HELP WANTED.
TTAMMERSMAN, $Y6~ANI) FOUNI)^ 5
■XX woodchoppers, $1 35 cord; •_ farmers. MUR-
HA\ & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"FARMER AND WIFE, SEE 8058 HERE, $35
x to $40: blacksmith, $45: man to run St. Clair
: Rhirt machine, $80:. cooks, waiters, dishwashers,
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, S4O; WAITER,
V 7 country hotel, f 25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
T^^i-^?^" 8 F °R Railroad work. c. r.
x HANSENjfc CO., HQGeary st.
pREW OF MILL AND WOODSMEN FOR
\T Col ' ntr sawmill; farmer, and wife, see party
n<>re, $40; vegetable gardener, country, $25 and
— ar - C '_ R : HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED- WOODSMEN, $26 AND FOUND;
" woodchoprers, $1 25 cord; tiemakers, farm-
{ ers for fruit ranch and vineyard; budder,sl day;
tailor lor country, cooks, waiters and others. Ap-
Ply to J. F. CBOBJSTT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
\V ANTED - KITCHEN-HAND FOR FXRST-
' Class restaurant, $25; waiter, first-class place,
SuiV young man to open oysters and wait a! table,
&30: American farmer. $15, etc. LEON ANDRE,
£lo Stockton st.
| -} hkwkksTto MAKE railroad ties. $26
i ■— ana board; man to make pickets and shake
on shares; choreman. R. T. WARD & CO., 608
and blO Clay.
A \ ' A \ T 1 : u —^-EAT GERMAN WAITER FOR
I "' :r st-<-lass lunch bouse, $35 per month; also
,R°*;- dishwasher, farmers, milkers and others.
W. D. 1. v\' 1R .v CO., 626 c ay st.
W A o^ ' ED ~ WA ITEB; I COUNTR\ HOTEL,
^- D > room, etc.; dairy foreman for routes, col-
| 749Mi*k' C MAUTIX '° Employment Agency,
V°UNG MAN TO MAKE HIMSELF GENER-
x ally useful, $15. MlSs CULLEN, 323 Sutler
St., aiter 8 o'clock.
X OTICE— TO HOTEL. RESTAORANT AND
lit 1 saloon men : The only place in town to get re-
name help in all branches, as cooks, barkeepers
j ana waiters, free of charge, is at 14 Mason st.
■£1 ?^ c ,- give a call and be convinced. OSCAR
sj-ACK., proprietor, 14 Mason st.
VV A NTKO ~MEN- AND LADIES TO LEARN
»' barber trade: only 8 weeks required; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
I catalogues, a. f. Barber hcliool. 1515 Howard st.
V\" A: ! >TKI) 1 WES FOB YUKON GOLD
_____ aas partner. W. M., box 64. Call.
( MiMPosi rent on transcript, pacific
V^ -Tinting Company, 543 Clay st,
I H.UK A 1..1..D BUSINESS PROPOSITION
i.ii?« ma »*ii 0 a man willing to inves. $1000 or
4--OUO. Address C. H., box 149, Call Office.
fr£Jisn, CHI £ X C* B ''FObTsOBER MAN ; ; SSO TO
T»,h -.00 cash required; 60 monthly guaranteed.
Trabajar, box 26, Call office.
] y j NOT FORGET TO "do as you WOULD
XJ be done by," and come and see; half-soled in
15 minutes, done while you wait: all repairing
done by machinery ; all repairing at half price;
si-* guaranteed. ° 6 2 Mission st., bet. First and
\1 EN ' S , SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
ITX nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
ACTIVE MAN to TRAVEL wfTH show-
/*• card and sign writer; small amount required
for expenses. Apply FRASKK. 809b Mission st.
\\ r KLL-DRKSSKD CANVASSER TO INTER-
»» view gentlemen; novelty in standard article-
great success^ Call after noon, r. 6, 102 ) Market.
4 LL CLERKS SEEKING POSITIONS AS
xx salesmen, copyists, bookkeepers, etc., call Com.
Clerks Bureau, room 7, Flood biding, 80a Market.
»_) GOOD 'Of SHOE MAKERS WANTED
*' for a factory; steady work to those who are
competent; also a man who can make splints and
surgical applications. United States Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
BOY To RUN PRINTING PRESS. WEMPE
BROS., 573 Market st.
17URST-CLABB BARBER-SHOP; OLD ESTAB-
-1 - nd: Allocation. Apply Call Office.
B.\ -SHOP: COUNTRY; NAPA COUNTY;
splendid chance for good barber. Further par-
ticulars call to STOLTZ'S barber supply house.
630 Market st.
UARBER-SHOP. FOURTH ST.: GOOD LOCA-
X) tion. For particulars see STOLTZ, 630 Market.
'ANTED — YOUNG MAN WILLING TO
"' work; country. AddressE., box 4, Call.
Ay" ANTED — MEN TO TRAVEL IN THE
* » country with a line of merchant tailoring sam-
ples. Write to W. M.. box 63, Call.
GERMAN BOY OF 17 OR 18 YEARS TO
work in restaurant. Call early, 34 Fourth st.
t> ABBESS* PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
IJ ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARLERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
re'. ar v Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. & FUCH3.
AKBERs' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. KMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. c. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell. '
BARBERS, I.XT, Al SHOP;
low rent. 406 Castro st., bet. .Market and 17th.
ELC HO HOUSE, 863 V MARKET ST^
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $3 week.
BEST MEaL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED- 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
]V"EW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-' _:><■ up ; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
\TEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-L> 3d and 4ih— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room; |
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
" St.: 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
20 and 25c a night, 81 a week: meals 10c.
1? OKTHIi B ESTAND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
X try 13V«| Grant aye.; «:offee a specialty.
!\0() MEN TO GET a fink i'LISU, dc-
*J\J\J rable calf shoe toorder.s2 50. 959 Howard.
fljjl TO S4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS-
<g>x large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
ROSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST. : ROOMS
-t-V 20c to 60c night; *1 to $4 .week; open all night.
WANTED— MECHANICS. CLERKS. LABOR-
» » ers to call if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections: no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
\\T ANTED-LABORERS" AND MECHANICS
' ' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150
large roomi: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD-
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Matoo. "
W INCHESTEi: HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: ireu bus to and from the ferry.
1 /|A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
-1 '\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. • ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
BEHT IN CIT i -SINGLE ROOMS, IS, 20 AND
25 cents per nigl>; ; Cl, $1 25, $1 50 p«r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
"ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
steam beer. sc; bottle wine. 6c. 609 Cay st.
Til EN'S 1/2-SOLING 60c: LADIEV 40c: DONE
■in. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I. 'REE BKKR-TWu SCHOONERS FOii sc;
X also a butt I eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
rpKY ACME HOLP>_., 5107 .MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room : 25c a nl>;ht: $1 a week.
W ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
» » week: rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
rend Ing-room: dally papers. 36 Clay at.
AGENT » WANTED.
IfOUR SOLICITING ORGANIZERS FOR A
_fraternal order: good pay. 615 Van Ness aye.
FINE SIDELINES. FOR COMMERCIALTRAV-
elers direct from manufacturers. 57 Chron. bld<;.
AGENTS WANTED— NEW NOVELTY. 719
■TV. Market St., first floor. . . . J
THIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
X the California Mutual Benefit Society; ladles
and gentlemen: Bto 9:30 a.m. P. D. RAINE,
superintendent oftagents. Murphy building.
FUK.MTURK WANTED
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT. MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to 1111 country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
CASH PRICK PAID FOR FURS 11 JA-
COB SCHWKRDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
-T\. second-hand furniture and carpets by I.undy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
KoujlS WAMUU.
TADY WITHvLITTLE BOY, 4 YEARS OLD,
i one or two housekeeping rooms, with yard ; on
first floor; north or Market. Address 1113 Vallejo.
CHEAP FURNISHED ROOM ON OR NEAR
\-' Sutro railroad. C, box 131, this office.
fNFURNISHKDNUNNY ROOM BY A LADY;
' central. Address A. H., box 124, Call Office.;
pOMFORTABLEJROOM' OR SMALL SUITE;
\J sunny and goo t' location: can give references
if required. Address Merchant, box 16. this office.
BOARDING AM) BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED— ACCOMMODATIONS BY- GEN-
'" tleman. »nd wife in a refined, genteel private
family, with or without board. W., box 14, Call.
\V ANTED-SUNNY ROOM AND BOARt) BY
'» a lady; must be centrally located; references
required. Address M. 1.. 220 Post st.
ANT I) -MISCELLANEOUS.
TH?) ROUG HBRE "gREAT™BAN E PUP.
X wanted ; roust be cheap. 17 Hyde si.
VI J ANTED— 7OO OR 800 POUNDS DAMAGED
- V barb wire. 511 Hayes st. .
S" ECi)ND-HAND 4 TO 6 DEEP WELL PUMP,
O windmill and tank. 610 Hampshire st. . . .
"U, A NTED— SECOND-HAND WA-SHIKG-MA-
»» chine and mangle for. laundry purposes. Ad-
dress B. M. C, a A Belvedere st. »
BIG HORSES : MUST WEIGH 1800 OR
over.BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
Vy ANTE D— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
, repairing, best work at, half the regular price.
DK^.ns, winch maker, 126 Kearny st.. third floor.
SELL VOUB BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JF.W
'•lrv to a. KLKIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal. .
'■JLJ :V:- ''" - Bl C l CL.ES.
W 1 NDi?bß' r^lc'YCLE3: " STRICTLY "■" HIGH
''grade; n* stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT A: CO., 324 Post St., S. F. ,'-.-....
PARK CYCLERY— NEW. WHEELS TO LET;
X best accommodations. Termino* G«arr, Mr
Aiiater ana PoweU su car lines.
. EDDCATIOSAIi.
: UNGTISH^RAN^3HI?S' V
XJ or class; moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 Larkin.
ISS.BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
roento-Board. English, French, German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten : under new man-
agement; coach. : .
NRLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, KNG-
XJ llsh literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
724 O'Farrell st. ,
'JLOCtTTION-DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
J-i cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDKR. 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m.
TOSKPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVED. 82
0 Ninth st. . . ' ; ; ;.,
T? RENX'H AND SPANISH; PROF. T. B. de
X FILIPPE, graduate Paris, Madrid. 320 Post st.
PRACTICAL INSTRUCTION IN ME VTA L
X science, by DR. F. J. MILLER and W. J. COlr
VILLE, 922 Geary st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: 83 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etc fttiehl's College, 723 Market.
BE LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
tJ chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; csiab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
\riOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNKT
t taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary reasonable
UPaNISH, FRENCH, GKRMAN: MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HKA LD'o" BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
IUHT«.'HUOL;U_ALD'SBI'S. COLLEGE
-l^ Post commercial, shorthand. English: low ra*ei
"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; KKA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045V 2 Valencia.
CIHKMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell gts.
PIANO LESSONS; CLASSICAL COURSE AND
-L simple music taught; accompanists taught;
lessons 50c. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
I5P2?* A WEEK'S '"NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
Jf-~& WEEKLY CALL, IP wrapper, for mailing.
LOST.
"ffljY fTllE W ARD^LO^T, SATURDAY E VEN^
<?Lc»ing, lady's Swiss (Meylan) watch. 728
Sutterst.
T OST-A LADIES' HAND SATCHEL, AT OR
-J near the Branch Postoflice Station F, contain-
ing a diamond rin.', $18 75 in coin, a pair of spec-
tacles and a bottle of perfume. The finder can
keep the diamond ring and coin if they will only
return that priceless i.air of crystal spectaces and
elegant bottle of perfume purchased at l.oehr's Cut-
rate Proscription Pharmacy.cor.Geary<fc Devisadero
©"1 A REWARD FOR RETURN OF SHORT
<IPxv/ gold-mounted clsaretie-holder; $5 for
small silver matchbox marked T. J. P. Room
160, Palace Hotel..-:;-. :.■,;-. ; : :.
BROWN SETTER DOG: BRASS COLLAR.
Return 3516V2 Mission St.: reward.
OTRAYKD FROM BROOK'S PASTURE, NEAR
0 Holy Cross— 2 cows, one small black cow with
white udder.and one light red heifer with white star
on forehead and a white ring on tall. A liberal re-
ward will be given for information that will lead to
their whereabouts. J. J. McGRATH, near Holy
Cross, P. O. Colina. : - :
LOKT— A MALTESE KITTEN. FINDER RE-
turn 10 230 Liberty st. and receive reward.
STRAYE ORSTOLEN-FOX-TERRIERDOG.
0 with collar; answers to the name of Jack. Re-
turn to 961 Howard st. and receive a reward.
1 OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
U not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5. 204 I urk St.. near .Tone's.
FOUND. ___^__
FOUND— DARK GRAY MARE COLT 2 YEARS
old. Owner can have same by proving prop-
erty and paying expenses. WILLIAM FAY,
Col ma. Cal. . !',-..» ■■:■■--. .
F~OUND— SMALL RED SPANIEL. F. M. A.,
' box 70, Call Office. ■
T7IOUND— STRAY COW; OWNER CALL AT
X cottage. Mission road, and pay expenses.
CLAIKVOV ANTS.
MMS^DR^ TiuSM^sV^CIENTTKIC REVEAL^
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post si., nr. Larkin.
PROFESSOR ZANZIC, WHITE MAHATMA,
occult scientist, palmist and clairvoyant. 303
Mason Ft.: hours 8 to 8; past, present, future; 50c.
EDUCED 50c AND $1. i
PROF. LEON. Marvtlous Clairvoyant Palm-
ist: wonderful power: gives advice on business
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; tells of
your friends and enemies, removes evil influences-
the unfortunate and broken-hearted should seek his
counsel: call and be convinced: letters with stamps
answered. 533 Post, 9to 8 daily ; also Sunday.
MM . . RAVENA ANNOUNCES TO HFR
patrons of 828 Howard, removed to 5 Fourth,
barlors 3 and 4; sittings dally; short tips on races;
| names given: 25c.
ME. PORT ER, CARD-READKR; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 60c, gents $I-
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
SI ARj.IGHT" IS LOCATE 1 > A TTI6 T
O aye.. parlor 6; office hours, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
A I ME. MORKAU, BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future:2sc up.764 Howard st.
VI ME. ARNDT, Bfc>T FORTUNE TELLER IN
i'J the world: 60c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
MRS B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED
IX medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. STFAVART, CHILD MEDIUM; THE
greatest card reader and clairvoyant in the
world; seventh daughter of seventh daughter:
ladles or gents 50a 917 Mnrket . panors 3 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM.
MOTHER SADIE; • MATERIALIZING SE-
ancn to-day at 19 o'clock. 535 Post st.
O-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK ; MRS. MAYO-STEERS-
J- ladies only: readings dally. 101 Grove st. .»
I :s T CIRCLE /TO-NIGHT,, 10c. MME.
i- YOUNG, 605 McAllister; come, skeptics !
ATERIALIZING SEANOE TO-NIGHT - OR
iM. ancient spirits. MRS. FULTON. 31 Fell st.
rpO-NIGHT— KATIE HUKssM ANN'S TEST
X meetings. 793 Stevenson, off 9th, 10c ;sittings$l.
VI R. J. J. HULTHEN - CLAIRVOYANT,
m tr.ance medium, psychometrist. 1007 Market.
Tvy ps y~m -sittings DAILY (SUN-
days Included) :25&50c. 946 Mission : hs 10" to 9.
MRST^E AL, MEDIUM: SI TINGS; TOBACCO
habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; dis-
eases of women cured: lira. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
M~~ RS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant"
:nnce medium: sittings ■?!■ 218 Stockton st.
DENTISTS.
HONEST WORK:Io\vI_ST
~ DB. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
IpULL SET OF TEETH, «7; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
P^ATE. DrThT
|\R. GKORGK W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bnd'ge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Farreir st.
A INLESS EXTRACTION. BOci CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up- 13 yean'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
I iR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE^
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRANZ-EXTRACTION PAJNLESs"
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.'
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket. bet- 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c. with gas $1.
(&7 A SET FOR "TEETH: WARRANTED AS
S" 5 . g °^l. aS Can . be made : nlll "S $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
|»R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST."
near Eleventh: no charge for "extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given. '
( >OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80S MAR-
V ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
T-VR. J. J, LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
xj bate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
ALL- WORK REASONABLE AND WAR 7
ranted. DR. j w. KEY. 1122 Market, st,
_^_mOKSKYB.AT-LAff. ~~
A DVICE rBEE^-DIVOBCE £awS A S"ps_C?
■ r *- alty; private; no charge unless successful- all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc ' m.
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
f J MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st.. rooms 14, 15.
)y-,^ A ATTORNEY-AT-LAw!i3«
»» «C'ali>orola it., nm, 14-16: adTice free. ' •
: ;TO LEASE. ~"~
TO I LET OR 80x125, NW, TOWN-
X send and Clarence sts., near railroad depot- as
a whole or in parts; building altered to suit tenant-
steam obtainable. . Apply to BOVEE. TOY <fc
SONNTAO. 19 Montgomery st. ' - &
TO LEASE —OX MISSION ST., 2 LOTS 7
X splendid location for grain and lumber yard-
rent a trifle. ('., box 6, Call Office. '
LI'GAL. MUTICJES.
rpHE WORLD'S CHRISTIAN CO-OPERATIVE
X Society, a corporation— To ; all whom it con-
cerns: The above <■ corporation ; will .be removed
from San Francisco to Nevada City, California
March 2», 1896. By order
" JOHN M. PORTER, Secretary.
BUILDING AND LOAN AsSOCIA I lO>7
ONTI N ENT AL BmL^lN^l^^?D~L^iANrAs'
\J sociatlon— Home office, 222 Sausome st.. 3 i',
General savings A loan business. Ed K. Hill, Pnia.
OliTer Kid ridge y.Pr.; .W . Corbin, L Sec.<fcGen.M>q
• SKWLNG MACHINES. »'
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, 1 SOLD,~EXCHaNGEd"
-tX rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
To buyTseixor-exchanoe A business
of any kind see STRAND _ CO.. 45 Third st.
[ _>QAA RESTAURANT: RECEIPTS $25
I tiPOU". per day: bargain. STRAND & CO.
45 Third st. '- - . __.
(m.)Xik SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE;
«JpOO>'. thousands of mechanics employed in
neighborhood; large and constantly increasing
i trade; partnership disagreement cause of selling;
full value. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
-•O^AA GROCERY; ACROSS THE BAY;
tJpZDUU. house and lot included: old-estab-
lished; good trade. STRAND & CO.; 45 Third st.
'<_ O^nn GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR CAP-
«3)_iiJUU. italist .or energetic business mnn; ;
sole agency for patented article of great merit;
immense success East: only partly worked up
here; sure fortune. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st. j
_O^A COFFEE and LUNCH PARLOR; i
«TJ>^OU. pays well; opposite Golden Gate Park;
good for man and wife. STRAND. 45 Third st.
<_ 1 rrr BRANCH BAKERY: 3 ROOMS;
tjpl I O. bargain. STRAND _ CO., 45 Third st. I
PORNER GROCERY AND BAR: BAKGAIX
V if sold this week. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
<_9Onn Partner in plumbing and i
«U)^_iUU. goatling business; full line steel
and cast-iron ranges, laundry stoves and broil- |
ers; invoice $ 8000: established 20 years. STEN- i
BERG COMPANY, 632 Market st. »
'- A RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION:
<3)OUV/. established 15 years; newly fitted up;
receipts $25 daily. STE:sBERG & CO., 632 Mar-
ket st.
fflTo^A CORNER GROCERY; LIVING-
vrOO\J. rooms: only store within 4 blocks: rent
$12; present owner 2 years: suitable for man and
wife. STENBEHG CO., 632 Market St.
WHOLESALE COMMISSION MERCHANT
» * of good standing wants partner in his produce
and commission house; controls large and first-
•class traae from all parts of the Pacific Coast; es-
tablished for yp ars: ■ offers a grand opportunity for |
some active and industrious man; will guarantee
incoming partner $200 a month and during busy j
season $300: full investigation allowed. For fur- ,
ther particulars apply STENBERG _ CO., 632 j
Market St., opposite Palace Hotel. . . -- ••
$»K£n CORNER BRANCH BAKERY, CON-
<JP'-'*-'"'« fectionery. cigars, notion store: oppo-
site public square: 4 living-rooms furnished; cheap
rent; full value: stock and fixtures. STEXBERG
&CO 632 Market st. :
C?jaa saloon winehouse ; 2 doors
Ui'Wu. of Kearny st. : take part cash; balance
time. S TEN BERG & CO., 632 Market St.
"VTOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-Li promptly tor cash. HEALY" <fc CO., 23 Kearny.
C?QAA DOWNTOWN COMMISSION-HOUSE
«iPCjV/l/. doing a large business; fine cnance for
an active man; owner will remain until trade is
fully secured. HEALY «fc CO.. 23 Kearny st.
ELEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR LOON,
Xj vicinity Market st. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
Ufc Qnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
•IrOUU. brewery will loan par:. HEALY CO.,
23 Kearny st.
CjOAA branch bakery, candy, ETC.,
<£*J\>\J. at the Mission; 4 rooms: doing a busi-
ness of $9 a day. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
LIVERY (STABLE for SALE, EoTAß-
liclied thirty years, consisting of horses, car-
riages, buggies, rockaway, harness, robes, etc.;
healthy stable; 100 stalls ; cheap rent; no reason-
able offer refused ; old age cause of selling.
LYNCH & CO.. {t35 Market.
SN A P-GROCERY AND BAR DOING GOOD
business; owner leaving city. LYNCH _ CO.,
935 Market.
■\TOTICE— IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A
-L> good-paying business of any kind see our list.
REISER & TAS-SET, 5 Fourth st.
ffijTAA THE BEST LOCATED saloon OX
<IPIvU. Kearny st.: 2 billiard-tables, register,
etc.; cheap rent. REISER&TASSET, 5 Fourth st.
©9XA route; established over 2 i
'V— iO\J . years: has all cash customers; good ;
horse' and wagon; business worth $500; clears $75
a month: can be easily doubled; must sell at once; '
trial given before buying. STANLEY', 9 Geary.
1 <2»1 XA LIGHT BUSINESS: RUN BY SAME
I <Jp J.OTF. people a years: cash trade: easil • man- 1
j aged; clears $20 per week; suitable for two ladies '
j or man and wife: a decided bargain; must be sold i
at once. STANLEY, 9 Geary st.
I QQ^A RESTAURANT, NEAR CARHOUSE !
j <JpOOW. and railroad junction: receipts over $25 \
aaay; a sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 26y 3 Kearny. I
piGAR-STORE; BIG STOCK: NORTH of
\J Market: must sell: cheap. 26% Kearny.
PAYING BRANCH bakers, candy and
X notion store; cheap; .'central: low rent. BAR- i
RETT _ SKIFF, 921 Market st., room 1.
■ C?CXn COKNER SALOON; CLOSE TO" j
i «JPU»JV/. Chronicle building; elegant bar fixtures,
I cash register, etc. ; large stock of liquors; greatest '
bargain. Call 633 California st., Phcenlx bar.
P A RTNER WANTED FOR AN OLrJ-ESTAB-
X lished shoe business: on a principal street. For
! particulars sen HAWKINS, at J. J. O'FARRELL
I CO.'S, 11 Montgomery st .
WANTED— TENANT FOR THE McMAHOV
»» House in Hollister: very favorable lease to ;
; right party; furniture, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 628 Mar-
ket st.
fflff^AA OLD-ESTABLISHED CYCLE-RENT-
! *iPiJ\n7. ing business; good-stock machines- sea-
i son just commencing; exceptional chance to good I
I man. Jones, box 146, call Office.
DARK < HANCE-FOR SALE A ROAD HOUSE 1
-It near Ilriy wards: 9roonisand 1 acre of land j
For particulars address F. B. HOOSON, Uaywards, '■,
Cal.
©OAA GROCERY AND BAR, KEPT BY RE- i
*ipO\J\J. tiring party 21 years; best chance in
j town. REISER „ TASSETE, 5 Fourth st.
j pORNER GROCERY AND BAR; LIVING-
\J rooms; good reasons for selling: 3Va years'
lease: cheap rent. Apply SCULLY _ SON, 420
Sacramento st.
7CA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
•P i O\J. with living-rooms; good bar trade; cash
i custom; low rent; in very best location- rare
■ chance. Particulars 533 California st., Phoenix bar.
(CM Xl\ BAKERY AND DELICACY STORE;
'Jpi-UU. no reasonable offer refused; a paying I
business; must sell; on account of sickness. 1250
Mission st.
S~~NAP-CIGAR STORE. 800 ELLIS; FIRST-
-0 class stand: receipts $10 per day: must be j
I sold on account of sickness: private sale.
<&9ftft HAIRDRESSINO AND MANICURE
<£>— 'V/v/. business for sale; good location; near
Market st. Address box 47, Call Office.
WANTED TO PURCHASE PAYING
' » stand or store in good location : none but prin-
| cipals need answer. Address J. O. C, box 4. Call.
<fli 9 7 Pi STATIONERY, NOTION AND VA-
«JP^ I <I. riety store; rent $20: also take a part-
ner with $200. Address P., box 115. this office.
ELLIOTT PHOTO STUDIO, STOCKTON. CAL.;
good prices; leading business; no reasonable
! oner refused ; leaving country reason for selling.
uior SALE— SMALL MORNING and even- i
X ing routes on two daily papers. Apply 6to 7
p. m.-, 1713 a Buchanan.
RANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY STORE-
must be sold on account departure. 326 Ninth.
SALOON FOR SALE; A P>LY AT THE
Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
pCOCERY AND BAR; 4 LIVING-ROOMs!
VJ 21 Minna st.
ARGAIN-SALOON AND FIXTURES; AC-
count of sickness. 918 Howard, 10 to 12 a. m.
RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION STORE"
3 nice sunny rooms; $100. 1745 Mission st. '
INGLE LADY WANTS A PARTNER IX
restaurant, with $125, D. box 147, Call Office.
OR SALE - CHEAP, BAKERY, ON AC-
X' count of sickoess. 1817 Powell st.
I OK SALE-GOOD-PAYING SALOON OX
I ££s?!£ fey LSk-a."* Ellis - " For p articula " !
"rPHERE IS AN EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY
o\f fo «i?»-\ oun^ mao uith business qualifications
and $5000 capital to become partner in an old es-
j tablished prosperous linn: the present proprietor
! has other large interests to attend to. For particu-
lars address Merchant, box 92, this office.
"ft I 9^(l PARTNER WANTED: ESTAB-
«H)I_iOW. ij , , d 1877:. clears $300 to S4OO a
month; Investigation solicited; if not as sta:ed
win p H y time lost investigating. ■■ Bona Fide, box
; 60, Call.
FOR SALE-ONE OF'THEBEST-EQUIPPEbT
best-paying ' and best-known livery stables*
; located in one of the best livery towns in the state: '
; this 13 a snap that will bear full investigation;
reason for selling other business demands entire
attention. Address Livery, box 70, Call Office, or
P. O. box 828, San Jose.
"MURSERY FOR SALE— ABOUT 3 ACRES OF !
XI fine land well stocked with valuable plants:
I large greenhouses with boiler for heating; also
I large lathhouse, packing-house, windmill, etc.:
I well with plenty of water, also city water; cost !
$12,000; will sell cheap; cood reasons for selling.
Address Nursery, P. O. boz 2475, San Francisco.
IHIR SALE— HOME BAKEKY; BKST LOCA-
tion in town; large trade; cheap rent; good rea-
sons for selling. Address F. H., box 66, Call.
X^OK SALE — STATIONERY AND FANCY
X store; good living rooms: cheap rent; .satisfac-
tory reasons. Address S. a.: box 56, Call office.
©9AAA PARTNER TO ENGAGE IN VERY
«iD'- i\J\J\J. promising business; a monopoly; rare j
chance. Address Chance, box 85. Call.
<B» O7C RESTAURANT. ON THE WATER
<DO1«J. front; good-paying place: must sell on !
account of departure. Apply this office.
OR SALE CHEAP: GOOD CORNER SA- J
loon in the Mission: 3 living-rooms; rent $12. I
Apply NW. cor. Twenty-fourth st. and Treat aye. |
ffl? 9AAA WILL BUY H A I. F INTEREST IN A
<lT_.\/UV' first-class lunch place: only those who !
mean business answer. T. 8., box 28, Call.
IfOR SALE— CIGAR-STORE AND LEAF TO-
bacco, tools and fixtures: selling on account of
death in the family. 426 Sixth si. -■-
OTEL OR SALOON MEN— ROADHOUSE:
fine place; good location; for sale or rent. Ad-
dress H., box 118. Call Office. .■-. ......
BLACKSMITH SHOP FOR SALE ; GOOD
X) business. Address E. 8., box 63. this office.
Q> QC A' CORNER GROC KRY : CAR; TRANS-
'J^>)t)\t. f,. . pleasant living-rooms. . Apply Call.
T7<OR SALE-$200; RESTAURAJSTT CALL
;J 706 California st. >
HEAP: STOCK OF POULTRY RANCH AT
V.' Fruitvale.' 34 Donohue building.
ftoOnO/ INTERIOR AGENCY OF' THiS
<IPOVUU. paper for sale. Inquire at this office.
■I^OR A GOOD INVESTMENT, ADDRESS~_!
x box 21, tins office. • '
EUSINKSS CnANCKS-Contlnnefl; • y
ffi>O'A -BOUTK "FOR SALE; KEPT BY;
i ?Jh_IOU. present owner 7years: cannot attend to
I it on account of other business: clearing (£5O to'
I $60 per month': 2 weeks'. trial allowed: good horse • .
andwa^on: steady cash custom; sure to don We. .
KENNY, 766 Market. . _^ .
_»O/lA RESTAURANT; A GREAT 15A16- •
i th^yiyf. gain: best corner: worth $500; low' .
: rent: best reasons lor sacrificing. KENNY, 765:
Marge. t.^ . ;. - ■ ■ _____:
d- OX A PARTNER WANTED; FIRST-CLANS
•JT--OU. cash business; kept by present owner
10 years; he will guarantee $180 per month clear
profit: wan s a steady man: trial allowed. Apply .
KENNY, 765 Market. . ' .' • - - :■' :
! ESTAUR.ANT FOR SALE; NEAR DEPOT.:
IV 210 Townsend st. ' ____•'
"PARTNER WAMKD-GOOD-PAYIN'; HI SI-
X ness: small capital; trial given. 307 O larrell. .
T^ESTAURANT-AT YOUR .OWN PRICE TO .
It pay the debts. 626 Fourth st.
fflrl ~AA M_AT MARKET FOR SA I.E. AD-
»pIOUU. dress B. 8., box 36, Cali Office, Ala-
meda. * * ■'• .'.
T\r ELL-PA YIN if PORK AND DELICACIES i•;
> V store: rent low: 4 living-rooms; sickness cause- .•
lof sale. Apply 41-' Vs Sixth si. ;
T7OR SALE-BAKERY. WITH HORSES AND :.
j J wagon: 2 bhla dally. AppK at Call office.
CP^ENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR THE
0 buyers— For sale, a liquor-store, situated on ono
of the" best corners of Montgomery st. Inquire
Call Office. - .
pROCERY AND BAR: 5 LIVING-ROOMS,
VI horse«nd wagon ; 3 years' lease;- good location.
Apply California Brewery, Douglass and Diamond. •
■pOR SALE— A FRENCH LIQUOR-STORE ON
T one of the best corners on Sixth street at a sac- -
rlfice. Inquire of K. ROBINET,4Iiyt: Callforniast.
(_7AA \VILL BUY EXCLUSIVE AGENCY
«Tf\ I \J{J for the Pacific Coast for 10 years: busi-
| ness established: good-selling article; fullest In-
' vestigation solicited. Addres* W. 8., box 71, Call.
Cl*Z,(\{\ 22 ROOMS; NEW CORNER HOUSE:
I *s>o\J\J. all full: low rent. 712 Kearny at.
PAPER ROUTE FOR BALE, 'rELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers IS blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
-OU-INCi-JItUTSK* FOR SALE.
O B\Pi~7nC~^E£h~~A LODGI NG-HOUS_
quick for cash see US STRAND 45 Third st.
91 ROOMS ON EDDY STREET; ONLY $600.
_ 1-L DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
Ql -ROOM HOUSE; FINK FOR TRANSIENT;
01 clearings2so. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
1 9 ROOMS; NICELY FURNISHED; CORNER ■ .
X^i on Golden Gate aye. DECKER, 1020 Market.
99-room. House for sale at a bar-
_.._ gain. Apply to DECKJSR, 1020 Market st.
ROOMS NEAR MARKET^ RENT $45;
price .faOO. Apply to DECKER, IO2O Market.
ODOING- HO U ; GREAT BARGAIN; 12
J rooms and bath; prominent bay-window cor-
ner: clears $40 per month. KENNY, 765 Market.
InOR SALE— CONVENIENT lU-ROOM LO
. ing-house; retiring from business; must ssll In-
side of two weeks: $350. 763 Mission st.
9| Q EDDY ST.— BARGAIN; TWENTY-ROOM!
_ ■ IO paying bouse; low rent.
-I A-ROOM HOUSE, NEWLY FURNISHED,
X\J will sacrifice, cheap. 202% Turk st.
CTT^AA 22 ROOMS, new . IRN ! . R H(»USE,
«J>DUU. all full; low rent. 712Kearnyst.
N ELEGANTLY FURNISHED HOUSE. 12
rooms, will be sold at a bargain. 1646 Market.
ODGING-HOUSE; 18 ROOMS; ALL OCCU-
pied: sale account of departure. 41 Eddy st.
<_QAA ROOMING HOUSE; 18 ROOMS;
i tJpOUU. full of roomers: must be sold in 10 •■
i days: no agents. 106 Steuart st. i
1 (\AA SACRAMENTO— POSITIVELY A BA I'"
U"x"i"Bain; 16 rooms; house well furnished andj7
years' experience.
QAQ FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT- .
i OV/Oed: room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE- ' ■ •
MARTINI. 3:7 Washington st. * . . = •
=~= '
i'IIItMTUKK r(»K »A__. •  ; -.
rTSoImsT^R^iTT 7 !!^^!^^^^?^
_ uedlounges trimmed with plush : $5 50 ■•".;
! Brussels Carpet, laid •. , 45c up. . •
English Linoleum, laid » ,40ctrp'. .;' .. \
Window shades In 6 colors ■ .....25c op ." " .•
SHIREK _ SHIREK. 747 Market st., opposite.- •■ ■ '.
Grant avenue; no branch stores. : • ■".
O~NE~~MORE CUT— : . . :•■ •
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35 "
I Oak Chiffoniers. 4 From $10 up
I Oak Bed Sets...-. $17 50i>|i • . • •
I Oilcloths and Linoleums 38c Bp ; '■_ .
! Stoves and Ranges '......" 93' up ':•.■■•
Thousands of bargains. .We keep everything. .'■'■:
Cash or time payment*. J. NOON AN. ■■ '" •"
1017, 1 019, 1021, 1023 Mission st., above Sixth, : - -
9 ASH BEDROOM SETS. 1 FOLDING i • . '■'
— ' batrack, 4 hall carpets, par.or. anil 6 bedroom ■ ■■■
! carpe ( s. e:c, etc. ; all la first-class condition: 1520 •'V :
; Franklin st., from 1 to 5 p. m. • ' ' ' ■
I "L^URNITURE OF4-ROOM" FLAT; RENT $12: '. :; : • •
X hear school 1030 Nineteenth st.: Castro cars. " ■•'■;
BEDSTEAD, LOUNGE, BUREAU, WASH- ':
stand; cheap for cash. 326 McAllister s ..;..-.:'...•
FURNITURE OF 3-ROOM FLAT FOR SALE; . '.
X bargain. J.. box 149, thi3 Ofl.ce. : ■ :• ;• '_ ; '.-'
HG. ■ KKasKV, FURNITURE AND BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, .• 9 and up: step-la-1-- ' ;
i ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission si. ■ .'■.:
[ * WEEK'S NEWS 5 CENTS _ TKB • ■ -.
-l\- WEEKLY CALL. Id wraioer. for mailing.- •" ' '; \ :■■
CAKFJCX I'LnA.M>U, ' ..'•''.
CASPKra" CISANEDrSc^PEB ' - '
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.' :
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEAXTNG.RENO
J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, ma Tel. South 250. /. ' •
CARPE'J SI CLKANKD AND RENOVATED i V ;
) like new. FERGUSON „ CO., 23 Tenth; teL :
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successors. .. . '
J" E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 240
• 14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74, '..'■■
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING ANDREN-
-0 . ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228. ■'.'
RATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO- - '
X\ vatlng Works HAMPTON JtBAILLY: layia? i :
»nd altering. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission -Jii. '..':.';..
"HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITS :
poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PioneerCac" ':• ■- ' ''- ■■''
ret Beating Works, 863-7 Tehama: lei. So-40. ; . ' .■■';.
j pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WOUK_ an ! , .
I\ I Gold. Gate aye. : telephone fast 126. : :• . '■■:' ■'• ■• '■
— .'.■•;;
HOKSES. ; , ..
I GRAY HORSE, sTrUNTT^A^D^E^rrLErT ': ?
1- years old; 1 new top Bussey nugzy. harness, ' - : '.■■
robe and blanket, complete; will sell at a bargain. '" •■
Apply at southeast cor. Sanchez and Twenty-first, j - ; ' \ ':■ '■■
FOR SALE— BUSINESS HORSE. BUGGY V \
and harness: cost $500; cheap. Address Horse. :•■•'/'• '■
box 87, Call Office. ■ ■ '. ! .; : ;
SUNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA— i '
Horses, mules, wagon», buggies and harness. '■■'■. .- ':■,
1 ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER. . •' ;
• -1-and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st. :. : ."'•-
--] XA SETS NEW AMI SECOND-HAND HAU- :
X*J\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and ' '•" ' :
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st. : • ;'. ••'
ORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD • ' :
care and feed; send for circular. The Uj"i» ■: ■'■
ranch, 630 Commercial st. -
D~R. C. H. WLSTPHAL, VETERINARY SCR- •' .
t,eon for S. F- Police Department. Office and ■• • .
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401. .'.
Aft HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON* ' •■•
rX\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn .
, Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every We" .
j «luj-. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE. Auctioneers. '. •
I 1 SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; . .'"
l" kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts: '"• ■ '■
also 20 cheap hors«i. Fifteenth and Valencia its. ..
FOB. SALE— MIS CELL, US. ' '.1 :
SALOON FRONT; ELEGANT COLORED
glass, from Palm's saloon. Cheap builder, 1000 "'■
Sutler st. . . .
IpOK SALE— I 4-HORSEPOWER SHIPMAN " '
V boiler complete: suitable for pleasure boat; at a -
bargain. Address 20 South Park.
ARGAIX— ULSTER CLOAK, TEA GOWN,
' ' Paisley shawl; bargain; almost new. Call
917 Market st., room 10. ' -
THREAT DANE DOG; GOOD PEDIGREE; 11.
vT months. 908 Broadway, bet. Ma.ion and Taylor. ';. ■
UANTITY NEW AND SECOND-HAND
safeties for sale cheap. 328 McAllister st. ■■;•
DENTAL CHAIR IN FIRST-CLASS CONDI-; : .' '
tion: a bargain. W. Sl'Ol'T, 927 Market si.
room 319. : : ; - :-": ;
1-OR SALE -2 NATIONAL CASH REGIS- '.-
■F ters: same as new; used but a short time; at a: ' •
bargain. Inquire 523 Sansome st. . ;•■
<2j 1 r-r. BARGAIN; SEALSKIN; NEW MAR- • -,- : '
1 i£)XtJ\J. ket; 36x56: almost new; cos: $450. S., ' '
box 43, Call. _ *^ ' '
I? OR SALE — 6-FOOT COUNTER; 5- FOOT" '
X showcase; also lot shelving cheap. 94 Ninth st.
1 B C )ft BICYCLE (NEW) for SALE cheap: ' : ".
XOOK) very latest improvements. 1101 Market-.' '- "■ :
FOR BALK-CANARY BIRDS; MALK V" ■"
X ries. $2 60 each: female canaries, 75c "each ■
guaranteed. Address C, box 40, Call Office, Oak- ■ H;
p'EKIXG DUCK-EGGS FOR HATCH I \( ; • 5n7:
IJUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER S^SHKS' " • '■"
D doors, mantels, etc.. for gale. 1166 Mission: ' .; '■
LACKS ITH-Sllop OUTFIT. VOR OP '• .' - '
pump, boiierAengine; cheap. 516 Mission. '. :
DUY VOUB I'.ABY CARRIAGES AND HAX- : Wi
1J tan turmture at the factory and save ml.Jd: -
N?A R P^.\v e fm " eat yoU TiliM - t'ALIFOK-
F?r«t, nr. AI IBS i 01 ,
B°^T k v?r..iP^ ( i RKATI ' V »KDUCED PRICES. ;
Xf KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st. "' ••.".-. 'f
ONE ' SMALL , MEDIUM A.M. LA ROE 812 » ' f : :
\J.. fare and burglar proof safe. 1 09, 111 Market I - : ' ' : '
SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES '■■-
•JUUand trices from 25c ptr yard nn r
XOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth! : "
FIRK AND • BURGLA U SAFE," LETTER- • ■"
Press, plattorui scales and desk heap. 102 Clay •' ' •
N^ W S__J*f* CHEAPER fHAN~i_c7r?ii: :
i.l hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st! / .
CO UN T I Ks, SHELVING. SHOWCASK* ' ■
' bought and .old im Mark* biuVihS^to \ '■■. )**or<»T:* to t ft. ]
2nl rCALIFOKNIA, NEAR stVTxkrTt
T^LT roo ™ s - batH - l «nre billmrd-room, laun.lrv i
oSii^Lp m J,- sun miov.tv room- rent low
on le*;,e. MADISON & BURKE. 6.. Market st.
fI K °-! MS ' BATU AND BASEMENT.
:. ^. al 51^. 103 nineteenth si.
iMSEK?* »OCSFOP-li-ROOMS. BESIDES
»'' n . klt<:hon . nine-cellar, storeroom, etc. Harden
im M i t! , 8lln all d »>". location sheltered:
superb marine view; 10 minutes' walk tocemerof
™>» convenient to cars; don't fall to inspect this
oou^bnfort; makins a selection; rent reasonable.
P. a: KENNEDY; ll' Montgomery st.
»>-T>RY BAY-\Vi3Td6w~HOUSE; IN FINE
— order; rent, low to prrown lamUy. Key 320
->ineteenth si. net. Mission and Valencia. ■.
1 ()°»0 S^SSIOX-PCXNY j SIDE BAY-WIN-
i w»).> now house of 10 rooms.
1 707 Ju **^ NEAR BROADWAY; 4
■t- '.' ' ■''"'-■ sun front end rear; $ 1 5.
|lUL^-.I UL^-. .i.i ...;.-, BATH, MODERN 1M
-»■-»- provemeats, 7SOCapp st.: also house, 5 rooms,
modern, large stable, IU7 Gerniauia st., off Fill-
-1 to « en dk ST.. colt VALLEJO-SUNNY
-»- ' — * house " rooms and bath: cheap.
I 99(-U pine. SEAB ttYDE—TWO-STORY
,*""". "• v/ - nousi- 5 rooms; cheap - A mi! v room 16,
n bail
Vi l^ 0 A SUNNY HOUSE. 8 ROOMS;
-»-* Urge basement : reasonable. 816 McAllister.
><•>() S ROOMS : MODERN CON VEX I KSC£S;
'~ <->'-'« line neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye
71 AND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— AND 6 ROOMS;
<] £ ELEVENTH AYE.. COR R.K.AVE.;
l - JO. 1 0 rooms, baru and stable. NICOL, 5341-.,
California «l
ITaBY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
, I /,^"| e P'.^ 1: , I '°, l i3e rented from BALDWIN &
nA.'iVQM>. 10 Montgomery st.
yCKXISHED HOUSKS.
vTce L\ furni su eTdliouse~ox~s UTTER
. -^ si. near \ an Xess aye.; 10 rooms fend bath;
r t -nt reasonable. Apply O'fARR] LL4 CO.
F1 1l ■ ■■
x E.ob mv ; rent #45. Address N.,box 3S, < all.
\ ll , lv . FURNISHED SCNNt UPPER
-^ flat; grooms: b'tli. ■.'.•iU--;Sii::..r:c.)i'«p.
COITAGKS TO LET.
COTTAGE, s^^O~M^^bTt7t7'T TanlcED
V^ Easement, yard. $Iri. Potrero aye., nr. -.Oih.
/ 'UTTAUK OF 5 ROOMS Y D BATH: LARGE :
y yardj^pllar. CIUS Webster st., nr. Sacramento.
s<») COTTAGE 3 ROOMS aOX PROSPECT
•-• ". i. '.-.•. Apjily 75 California are., b?:. Twen-
i£-Be\-euth and Twenty-eighth sts.. uear Mission.
4"SS2 M COTTAGE; LARGE YARD. 2301
1 f"-* «.. near Green.
NNV COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, BATH aNI)
*". _ large yard and basement. 2425 Post St.
si "S KX\ BAY-WIN - (TTAGE FLAT; 6
large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
C: AGE OF 4 KOOMS. •Ji"I;Y~r?> r iTTOX BT7|
bet. Fill more and Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
>< ] [ COT 1 A -7 OP FOUR ROOMS a'.M)
'- t ->. l)&:h. • Ib3l Union. nf:ir Laguna si.
tXAXS IU i-ii»..
991 LIBERTY^ BiETT^CITuK^irTNDnDtV
— — l lores. — Flat of .'• largo rooms and bath; al-
most new:' uaved yard; new gas lixtures; 75 feet
ol gr»und fenced in; rent only $16.
< 1 i LOVELY FLAT, 4 LA.KGE~ ROOMS.
O-L-tr. bath, ki;s and yard: water free. r; ..
Ford St., beu Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Not
ami Sanchez.
. i )(\i>'7 BAKER, BKT. WASHINGTON" AND
-■"•J • Clay — Elepant, new, modern, very sunny
fiat; choice neighborhood; -; car lines.
1; OPPOSITE ~LV KLINE
Baths; 6 rooms; bath; cellar. Apply 121-'
Lark in st.
C. FLATS: SUNNY. NICK LOCATION;
4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 3:20 Sansome, rm. 4
({~\ X GEARY— 6 ROO~MS AND BAThTRENT
"-«■ *30: afternoon sun in all rooms; . extra
larce close; s.
QI X ELEGANT FLAT 5 ROOMS. BATH,
0 t-Om Urn- yard: water free. 314 Nineteenth
St., bet. Not and -
E. SUNN Y MODERN FLAT. OPPO-
site Jeffersoa Square; 5 rooms and bitth. 925
'Golden Gate aye.
tTNFURNisH£D SUNNY FI^VT; 3 ROOMS.
.1. Afl Jl - Post St. . ■ ' ■
•J:RoO3ii?: RATU. 400.»2 THIRTEENTH ST.,
. O above Valencia.
Q] i I UPPER FLAT: 4 SUNNY ROOMS.
CM- '• 375 Sanchez St.. near seventeenth.
X ODE R N 7 ROO.MS, 6 ROOMS, $21'; 4
*>1 rooms, -Si 2. 519 Oak st.
•j!^(| UtEKRKKO- UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS
: j— "OV» and bath; water free.
•HI PAGE— FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH; ALL
-1.1 modern improvements: rent cheap.
-')*> SIXTIT-UPPER FLAT, 5 rooms'^
•' — ■»- ■ • I y.in: ; front and rt-^ir entrance; rent
• 3: . ' ■ i
Q| >~) 4 Sf.VNV ROOMS. 27 DOKE ST., BET.
0 -1- ... Uarrifcon ami Bryant.
J 071 HAUUU'i\ XEAR FILLMORK-FLAT 4
• -^Q • a snupy •u.s: yard: basement; ■*'.-'.
t ROOMS, BATH : 31KOOMS; CHEAP TO GOOD
"x tenant:. • 14 Webster st.
71 FILLMOKK-B SUNMYROOM^.BATH;
I -i cheap to good tenant.
UNNY UPPER FLAT OF 7 ROOMS; $15;
modern improvempiirs. 438Va Sixth st.
CORNER TWELFTH AND HOW STS.-2
\J sunny bay-window fiats' of 7 and 5 rooms and
V,ath.; No. 1555.
INKY ROOMS A.YD BATH.
' 1613 Folsoai St., near Twelfth.
VKW SfNNY FLATS OF 4 ROOMS AND
-A bath; $14 and $15. 1196 Treat aye.
9Q GEARY— UPPIiR SUNNY FLAT, 6 ROOMS,
— O unfurnished.
CJt'NNY .CORNER ! AT, 8 ROOMS AND
»J bath. Haight and Webster sts.
La rli; RENT $13.
713 1 reat aye., near Twentieth.
C»9 I ~hT>wakd^flat of 4 or 5 rooms
• '_ J- and hath.
Q||| NEW MODERN SCNNY FLAT OF 6
*jl-'J. rooms, bath. 133 San Jose aye., nr. 24th.
TTfTI EDDY — DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
-1 O~IL nerflat; 6 large rooms : modern improve-
ments.
TtkTw >teps FROM city hall; ELEGANT
J Cat of 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove Ht.
T OWKiTi'UT- COlt. THIRTfIEXTH AND
LFLAI rooms and bath; large cellar tit
m sts-; 6 rooms and bath; large cellar lit
ior business; rent to suit tenant.
r CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AHD ALL
•J modern Improvements: $20. 1708b Hyde st.
ITPPEE FLAT OF 8 ROOMS: MODE! IM-
(j provements; central location. 615 McAllister.
DELATED MODERN 6-ROOM FLAT; SUN
all day. 847 Capp su. near Twenty-iounh.
*Cf99 prf\ 2 PtAT«, I ROOMS. BATH; 2
• _ _ — ,t)v. sets double parlors; modern. 1775
Mission st. _______
• >(.-- 909 WEBSTER — SUNNY FLATS OF 6
- '•I end 7 rooms; modern conveniences; rent
reasonable. .
iOA UPPER FLAT. 6 ROOMS, BATH. 119
'T"-."/. William st., near Taylor and Post- '
r ~'-~)£t MCALLISTER— FLAT, 6 ROOMS; LAUK>
<— O dry ; bath; rent 30. • ;
V EAR CITY HALL— _ SUNNY FLATS; 5
-^N and 6 rooms; $21, $25. 147 and 71 Grove st.
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements ;
1«358u»h8t.; rent $30. MADISON <fc BURKE,
agents. | .
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented; Wat rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
[ low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
s_rl AND ?14— 1124 AND~IIIOSTKVENSON,
QlO nearH»rman: nice flats: cheap rent.
HO L'SEKJKKPING BOOMS.
.Bryant Street.
1971 BRYANT— NICELY FURNISHED AL-
t:^ i 2 cove room for housekeeping.
Clay Street.
-i ncyrj CI.AY, NEAR POLK— 2 ROOMS FOR
« U— l light housekeeping.
Eleventh Street.
i l 1 ELEVEXTH-E GAN T L V TV P.-
-1 L^c nished front sunny bay-window room and
handsome kitchen, complete for housekeeping;
bath; every convenience: quiet neighborhood.
— Kills Street.
711 KLLIS-3 FURNISHED nOUSEKEEP-
i Li. Ing rooms, one complete floor; rent, $30.
700 ELLIS tsT.-S~B"UNNV BACK ROOMS,
(ZU partly furniahed, for housekeeping. .- r
J olsom Street.
- i niFOLSOM— FRONT ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
O 'x oTlc eeplng: furnished; also a front room.
1 TIT ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
Mil floor, 3or 4 rooms, complete for hooskpg.
j 1 Goldeu Uat« Avenue.
•»Q i GOLDEX GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
• JOtfc furnished rooms; $8; $10. .-
Harriet Street.
1 Q HARRIET. OFF HARRISON, BET. SIXTH
1 O and Seventh— 2 sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping/ "
 , Hayes .Street.
QQOI HAVES-!! FURNISHED ROOMS FOP.
0002 housekeeping: also 1 parlor. ■.■■■■■.■;
.Howard Street.'
- >'] HOUSEKEEPING
•)— On ioo_os: furnished; front.
!!)<!« street.
1 A HYDE— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
iv houselteepinj; bain; «12: apply afternoons. 1
HOCSKKEEPTJJG BOOMS - Continued.
Jessie ' Street. :
(\^o JESSIE-FLOOR OF 3 NICE ROOMS, UN-
\J*J\.' furnished; yard: cellar: rent 12.
Kearny Street.
Ift A KEARNY— I, 2, »: OR 5 ROOMS AND
114 bath.
Larkin Street.
OOG I.ARKIN- SUNNY HOUSE-
*J*n3 keeuing rooms, nicely furnished.
1OOL. : R K\ -NEATLY-FURNISHED BAY-
tr«_)«J window housekeeping rooms; reasonable. \ \
090 LARKIN, NR.CEAKY-3 NICELY FUR-
iJJUO nished suni>y rooms for housekeeping, with
piano, bath, gas, private family; rent $30.
] f\l\li LARKIN— COMPLETE, SUNNY,
XV/UU furnished housekeeping rooms; also
single room.
Slilina Street.
41 C MINNA ST.-2 LA RUE SUNNY FUR-
'II I nished rooms suitable for housekeeping.
_■. .".i-ii street.
QQQ MISSION ST.— SUITE FURNISHED
— 'OO housekeeping rooms; also others for house-
keeping; $6 and .*B.
q7»i MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
i/Ul also single, housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
!,.>< MISSION — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
lU_'± suite for light housekeeping; bath; "other
rooms.
"TOOA MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
lOOU sunny front room: use of kitchen.
Ninth Street.
9 A NINTH —FRONT BAY-WINDOW SUITE
— U for housekeeping; suites; single; grate; gas.
OTarroll Street.
i nt O'FARRELL— SUNNY FUR-
"i — «) nished rooms for housekeeping.
£>Q O'FARKELL— FOUR NICE RUOMS FOR
O— O housekeeping; call 9 to 12.
Seventh Street.
] 1 9 SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
liij rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
ado. tor.
>ixth S'reet.
9 FRONT ROOMS FURNISHED FOR HOUSE-
_ keeping: $2 per week. 541 Sixth st.
South ParK.
1 n SOUTH PARK- 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-10 keeping rooms, $10: 4, 513: also unfurnished.
Steveunon Street.
iAQ STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH — TWO
"iUo rooms, completely furnished for house-
keeping. -•
7- I 9 STEVENSON, BE SEVENTH AND
1— Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
lan;e room for 2; bath: central.
Mm'kioii Street.
1 QA7 FURNISHED ROOM FOR
IOU I housekeeping; rent cheap.
1 Q9A STOCKTON— NICE SUNNY RQpHS,
IO— U housekeeping; cheap; also single room.
cutter Street.
QQQ SUTTER— OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
000 for housekeeping: gas: bath.
Tehama Street.
A { Q TEHAMA — 2 CONNECTING HOUSE-
*A'tO keeping room.-*; well furnished; complete
for housekeeping.
Third Street.
pOLTON • HOUSE, 220 THIRD— SINGLE,
V. suites, light housekeeping; £5 up; yard. -
Turk Street.
Q9| TURK— AND BACK PARLOR,
O—l unfurnished, for light housekeeping; bath;
gas.
,-j Q TURK— LARGE FRONT ROOM; COM-
Oid plete for housekeeping: gas; bath; $12.
Van Ne->6 Avenue.
1 Af\n VAN NESS AYE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
ItuU nshd parlor floor; piano; rent low; hskpg.
"Washington Street. .
CA() WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
«JV/_ nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
191 A WASHINGTON, NEAR TAYLOR— 3
X_XU or 4tinturnlshed rooms for housekeeping.
Welsh Street.
II A WELSH. OFF^ FOURTH— 4 NICELY
XX tt furnished housekeeping rooms; yard; cheap.
\ v^ErTlFs NEWS FOR 5 " CENTS— THE
-^'V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailinz.
lIOOMS TO LEI.
_ rannan Street.'
A 99 i: ANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM"; USE
"j — — of stove; $1 per week.
Bush Street.
Q9Q BUSH— FRONT ROOM, HOT AND COLD
C— '' water; grate; bath; also small room.
VHay Street.
1 £97 CLAY. NEAR POLK — FURNISHED
XU— I front halt bedroom: gas; rent $6.
x tidy Street.
1 1 3 EDDY— BEAUTIFUL FRONT SUITE;
HO other clean sunny rooms, $5 up.
Q1 P; EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
010 rooms; single and double; modern conven-
iences.
C 1 A EDDY— NEAT ROOM; ALSO
«J-1-V' small room; private family ; reasonable.
I'i£hth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Kills Street.
mHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS ST.. HAN FRAN-
X cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well appionted, quite
house: containing 150 rooms, large and small,
gunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, hot ' end cold running water in each
room: elevator and fireeseapes; situate conven-
ient to the business center of the city, principal
hotels and theaters; electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door.
l"ifth Street.
9AI FIFTn (CHANGED HANDS)— NICELY
'•'a furnished rooms, sickle and double: also
housekeeping, with use of kitchen; terms reason-
able. •
Foltiom Street.
Q9A FOLSOM, .NR. FOURTH-FURNISHED
O_\J rooms from $1 a week.
(ieary street.
;r 1 Q GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS, SUITE AND
0 LO single: parlor and bedroom; others; offices.
1 1 A] GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
I 1\) I Martinet: firßt-class modern apartment-
house; rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
— _L 'J front room suitable for two; also single.
Q9A GOLDEN GATE— LARGE ROOM, SUIT-
O_ \J abe for 2 gents, $12 a month; housekeep-
ing aDartments. 2
/»QQ GOLDEN GATE — ELKGANTLY FOR-
DOO nished rooms; single and suites.
(\A.ft GOLDEN GATE NICELY FUR-
U"iU nished sunny rooms; housekeeping, other-
wise.
drove Street.
1 AC GROVE— FURNISHED FRONT
XV/tJ room, suitable for 2 gentlemen, $18.
■ Howard Street.
£>9Q HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED FRONT
D_O room; alsootners; reasonable. '
7ftA HOWARD, COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
-1 v"i nished rooms, first floor; also housekeep-
ing; cheap.
Jessie Street.
£'4f\l JESSIE— I BLOCK FROM . MARKET
' • I ''2 ana Seventh sis.; either single or double
room; reasonable. • ■-■• .
Oones Street.
9H7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— ' ' i management: elegant sonny suites and
single: newly furnished; batn, etc.; $10 to $30.
qnr JONES— LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
OUU room; running water; gas; private family.
—earny street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNT-PLKAS-
X—. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first claaj
i; every respect: terms reasonable.
Market Street.
\TOSEMTT_ HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
eight, 80c to $1 ; week, $1 60 to 5: families.
1 1 99 MARKET — NICELY ■ FURNISHED
X 1 — — rooms; en suite or single; reduced.
McAllister Street.
99£ A MCALLISTER— SUNNY FURNISHED
~JL\) rooms; private family; 98 and $10. ■■-.•-:
11 9 MCALLISTER, FLAT I—3 SINGLE
rxl.£ And 2 double rooms; suitable for gentlemen.
Minna street. .
on r? MINNA, COR." EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week ;
transient. ? ' ■ '. ■■'■'■'I.
'Mint Avenue.
MINT AYE. — . (NEW MANAGEMENT);
0 Sunny' suite and single; terms very moderate.
iliisfcion Street.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
Hi furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 £9/1 MISSION-TWO LARGE SUNNY FUR-
10_ nished parlors, suitable for doctor or man
and wife; private; board optional; charming view;
rent to salt the times ': ; -:-~ ■ ' - '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
BOOMS TO Cbntlriu'ed.
Montgomery Street.
fiO9 MONTGOMERY-CHOICE FURNISHED
kj\j— rooms gl a week: elegantly furnished $2.
Ninth Street.
90 **/%IH, NEAR "MARKET— FRONT BAY-
—v window suite, with or without kitchen; single
rooms; gas; grate.
O'lr'arrell street.
Q9Q O'FAKRELL — HANDSOMELY FUR-
•-'—«-» nished sunny room, suitable for 1 or 2; rent ''
low.
H97 O'FARRELL — FURNISUED UPPER
\J~* I floor; 4or 5 rooms; bath; light honsekping.
Post. Street.
XAI POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O\J X. rooms; single or en suite; rates reasonable.
- 1 1 •) POST— BEAUTIFUL FURNISHED PAR-
*J\Jt) lors; also single rooms: week, $2 up.
. " Second Street.
COQ SECOND — 3 NICK SUNNY FRONT
*J~O rooms;, opposite South Park, and a tine
yard: rent $10 and water free.
■tevenson Street.
971 STEVENSON— SUNNY, SINGLE
— IX rooms; $1 week.
■ Stockton Street.
A 1 7 STOCKTON — FURNISHED SUNNY
trX i front bay-window room, $10; single, $5.
Sutler street.
709 SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED
• O_ rooms with hath:"4 closets; 2 attic rooms;
above running water; ?'.'O monthly. .
Till SUTTEPv-NICELY FURNISHED
xxxx rooms; single and en suite; also ' house-
keeping. ' . -:.. -.;■■■;;?•<:'-• ; ;
Taylor Street.
9 9 TA YLOR-L ARGE, SUNNY FU R-
-.— O nished room, with closet and use of bath;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; $12 a month.
..':;. lehania Street.
OHO TEHAMA.NEAR FOURTH— FURNISH-
*J\JO ed rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
Tenth Street.
] 9Q TENTH— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
-*- ■ i - ( - ) rooms; 1 or 2 gents or light housekeeping;
cheap.
'lhird street.
T\riNCHE.STER lIOU.-^;:- 44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 2&c to. ?1 60 per night; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r'm: free bus.
9A^ THIRD, KOSTER HOUSE-FURNISHED
— \JO rooms, single and suites: $8 and $16 up.
Turk Street. ■
X9ll TURK— 2 SUNNY PARLOHS; JSUITA-
"- ' 1 \>\e for 1 or 2: board if desired.
UNFURNISHED KOOM •>.
iTvjln FTH^F L EAS ANT~SUN 3Ty^UNFUIU
X ' ' i nished rooms 10 let.
BOA ING AMD KOOM.S.
FURNIBHH d^ . ROOMsT~UNSUrI
J-i passe.l for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75e and
$1 per day ;s•_', $2 50, 93 per week and up; $8 to
30 per month, llackmeler's Hotel. •
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $1« a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel,
GEORGE E NIG, Proprietor.
ACK M BIER'S HOTEL, -123-129-EDDY ST.";
XI new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $6 and $6 a week and up.
£.AO VAN NESS NICELY FURNISII-
«JV7_ ed*front suite: also single; with or without
hoard.
C AQ pd t ST~STT~NEWTiY FURNISHED, SUN-
oUt/ ny rooms: running water: first-class table
j board.
I OMiSTHING DESIRABLE FOR GENTLE-
-0 men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Bush st.
I 1 191 bTEINER— CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS,
: i "1— 1 with bath and excellent hoard. $25: one
i room, lt>\-0: suitable for married couple or 2
younsmen; 545. .- •
1 1 ft TURK - REMODELED — FURNISHED
ill) suites and single; first-class table board.
9QQ HYDE— LARGE, SUNNY ROOM; HOT
£.00 and cold water; extra table.
OTEL BERT LING. 714 UUSH-A FAMILY
XX hotel: references given and required; all mod-
er'i conveniences. ■ ■
CLMtDUUN BOAKDW).
lAPY Wmjlll»^KFri^6^^^rAinr^HTL^
■1-1 dren or an infant to can for; lest references.
j 803 Church St., near Twenty-second.
STOKI.S TO LET.
j QTORE, 8 BOOMS; RENT CHEAP. 48 SBV-
O enth., bet. Mission and Market. " '
STORE ON CITY FRONT, OPPOSITE
ferry. Apply 10 East st., in saloon.
QQ CLEMENTINA— B ROOMS AND STORE.
OO Apply 23 Clementina st. MRS. WHELAN.
X 991 SIXTH-STORE; 3 ROOMS: LARGE
•'— • — 2 yard; suitable for business or family
rent $12. _^
LA . ,E CORNER STORE; 2 ROOMS, BASE-
ment and stable; suitable for grocery, etc;
rent low. NW. cor. Pacific and Hyde sts.
QTOKE AND 3 ROOMS; CHEAP KENT. 328
0 Seventh at. .
S9A 1003 LARKIN, COR. POST— NEW, CEN-
•~— v.tral, livinji-rooma. App y KELLY, 102
Eddy st.
OKFICKS TO LET.
ELEGANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
Xj man will be vacated on March 1, at fcso Mar-
ket St., cor. Stockton; first floor.
I^LEGANT OFFICES IN NE\V~SPR ECKELS
-« building;, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
caarge for gas. janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or O. H.UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgvit.
..PIANOS. UOUIXS. ICTC *
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE, BAROATN-H UKT-
XX er— An elegant new Wheelock, bought in New
York only a year ago. price $6tW, in pert con-
Qllion, and offered for any reasonable price by
widow forced to return East: must be sold
immediately; other high-grade used pianos, Hnrd-
mac, fteinway. Chickering, etc., at low prices and
easy terms: also 100 elegant new pianos to select
from. THB J. DJiWING COMPANY, second
tloor Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
MAGNIFICENT PIANO OF-
fered by lady forced to pare with it: install-
ments if required. Room 21, 809 Market st.
9 REGISTER PEDAL PIPE ORGAN FOR
A church or studio; cheap. 815 Webster st.
VERY FINE UPRIGHT PIANO, ALMOST
V new; great sacrifice. Can be seen mornings
and evenings at 2030 Bush st.
<&7X CHICKERING ROSEWOOD PIANO;'
<JP i U. coat $500: $5 installments. 221 Levnwrtb.
OTEINWAY, $165; WEBExt. 8260; SMALL
O upright, »80;. bargains. BEUENN, 228 Post.
<2* A A BARGAIN; ~ FINE PIANO; GOOD
«JJstfcU; condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernla Bank. '
A SPECIAL SALE OF PIANOS. CHEAP FOR
XV cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
Come IN AND HEAR the LATEST
\J novelty— the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one: very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it-
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS & SON. sdle
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
A MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
at once 1623 Buchanan. . .
SHAW, $425; 2 STEIN WAYS, $215, $195-
Hommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
PIANOS^ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. .V 35 Market st.
90 finn SHEET MUSIC I ct. COPY. stat-
sL\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st.
GOOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
AINES BROS. PIANO, PATTi'S PREFER-
• ence; also renowned Bush & <ierta' pUn&
A. L. BANCROFT <fe CO., 524 Post st.
ONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. '
pHICKERING, KNABE, STECK. VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for 5187; pianos
or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ «fc SON. 16 O'Farreli.
\l7m. G. BADGER REMOVED to 26 O'FAR-
'" rell, room 1, first floor: take elevator; pianos
Mid organs sold for cash or installments.
B OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained.- SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO.
Corner Xearny and Butter sts. - ' ' .
<£♦ I 7 £.■ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
<jpX * O. upright; perfect order.'-' 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEINWAY.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
f cheap for cash or on easy terms. K.OHLER _
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell su
ASY "TERMS; "LOW PRICES. KOHLER <t
CHASE. .-'
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Brlggs and other pianos. :
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. MDLLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
TEINWAY, $215; WEBER, «265; SOMER,
O $237; Wily, 25; squares, *35 and 555.
HEINE, 410 Post st. - -.-•-■...■• - -
A VED— a LOT OF CELEBRATED high-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
rricc-a and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS,'B3
Ninth st. - --■ ■ - ■'-■■• ■■• ' •' .■
PEN FOR BUSINESS. -.-.,. ~~~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sat*
In Ban Francisco. . J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Bprectcels building.
_____ ______________
FINAJSCJAL.
T^AI?S^NvTsIrTAN r D^D^lOlLT^GE^^5fB
X i life Insurance : policies: I low rate of j Interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st. ■ ..■--■ . .
<3» 1 (\(\ f\(lf\ TO LOAN ON LIFE INS. POLI-
XUU . \J\J\J cles. JOS. B.TOPLITZ, 380 Pine.
' : PERSONALS..
SEARCH-ING.LOCATINU.SfaADOWING.TBA- I
_ cing,coHectlng.GßAHAM'Bagncy,632 MrKt,r.B,
A DYlCli FP.EE; DIVOKCE LAWS A SPE-
■A clp.lty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills; deeds, etc ' at-
tended to. G.W. HO\VE,atty-at-law, 860 Market st
LL LADIES THIS WEEK ARE INVITED
•to call at Quade's groce.-y-store, 636 ' Market
St., and sample the delicious Point Reyes' cream
on exhibition there; it wilt keep sweet indefinite-
ly; is absolutely pure, natural and unadulterated,
and can be used for all domestic purposes; will re-
main fresh and sweet five days after jar is opened;
samples free.
AIR RESTORER AND CURLER; ONE AP-
plication will convince the most skeptical of
its wonderful : virtue. PROF. KNOTT, 1077
Market St., upstairs. ' •
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRIND-
J-V ing new edge on razor. 25c; razor concaved,
50c; razor honing * anti setting,. 25c; first -claas
work. Razor Exchange, 630 Market st.
PBIVATE LESSONS IN BOXING AND
■*-, Physical culture. 803 Leaven worth st.
H' AIRDKESSING TO TAKE A WOMAN'S
eye; that's my kind: I have the besn artists in
the city and my price is 26c; switches 75c and $1
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOX A LE ;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st., Oakland, Cal.
DITH J2. McLean, physician FOR the
hair; scalp diseases a specialty; rooms for la-
dles: best city references. Room 45, St. Ann's
building.
•rrb~THE NEW PLACER GOLD FIELDS OF
-I Cooks Inlet, Alaska. For passage and freight
apply to C. D. I^ADD, 9 Third st.
R" EMOVAL— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
O'Farrf-11. Telephone. Bush 21.
C* 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
«3? J- floor. 203 Leaven worth st.
R EE— 2O-PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT. PERFECT
JO and Defective," postpaid. L. KUTTNER. & CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market St., Hotel Su Nicholas. S. F.
RS. DR. A. SYKES. BEAUTY DOCTOR, HAS
taken offices at 330 Kills St.; steaming anfl
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
RB. M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS OK
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figures,
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gortrudu baby outfits; great reductions;
bend for catalogue. 31 Geary st., San Francisco.
iFe a peSt AND BEST; get OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and ]'«:nting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, t>3s McAllister st. |
EGTPTIA N 1 1 1 : N N A : *1 : A 1 dye: per-
J2i fectly harmless: easily applied; nil druggists.
LANGI.F.Y & MICHAELS CO.. agents, S. F.
fl£l FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS,
O-L capes, sold at 10c on the dollar In the base-
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.
A DDRESSED TO THoSe WHO WANT TO
-Ml become rich— lnvest your money In Stockton
(tho future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
MOI-ER, 1706 Clay St., 8. F.
ELEPHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
X Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter loaves; delivery to 12 i\ m.
V*JR FINE POULTRY ANJL> UA.MK GO TO A,
£ KTRASSER..7B and 79 Center Market.
I>ABTLNG i .^"SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
— and -Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington.K.L.l-artlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
R. B. 8088 1 THE CELEBRATED PHY-
slclan, lias removed 111 8 Mason to 1508 Market
ENRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLOMBEK AND
Rasfitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
1 (\l~\i\ BUSINESS I'AIiDS. $1 Ml; [ ELK-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." H lLL. 22 Geary, r. 39
P OUB Q U IX "8 CAL'aTaSTHMATIC PAPF.R;
1* instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st.
QECOND-HAND AH W ELL AS NEW BARd,
0 showcases, counters, shelviugs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1033 Mission st., above *Ixth.
ELECTBH LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
XJ Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
room*, 2i>o to $1 60 per night; $1 60 10 $t)per
wf ek: free bug to and from the ferry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 848 Market at.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED at
\J mfra' cost. Fao:orr. 20 K«nsom« St.. upstairs.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS AND LADI_V
..clothing bousnt. t:OI.MAN. 41 Third st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-£»- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailina.
i>i;i.!s.siiAKi;K«s.
REMOVED— BRADLEY, to 410 TA YLOR~StT;
X\j stylish suits up; di essea made over.
rp.HE ART OI CUTTING DRESS WAISTS,
1 without any seams, taught a-. 28V_i Sixth st.
/^Ol GEARY ST.— STYLISH SILK WAISTS,
< >— 1 eoodsf urnishod. 94 60 up: latest dresses !?5.
_________ „
SIEOICAL.
DR. J. H. JOBSELYN^ THE GREAT SPE-
cialist, still offers bis valuable services to the
unfortunate.'With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills be. canuot
treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
strengthened by extensive experience. Ladles, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
his sure conrol. His female monthly remedies are
j sure and safe In their effects. His tried and valu-
j able remedies for lost mauhood are never failing In
their action and warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others In the cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
ket, St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all let-
ters 10 box 2275.
NEW process— NO medicine, INSTRU
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
j her own physician for all female troubles, no mat.
I ler from what cans"; restores always in one day,
I if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
' physician :kno-,vledge can be sent and used at home;
I all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPEIt. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES. CONSULT FKKE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Lowell at.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of tho eye treated
"\ LL Wk M ALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
1*- stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
rin ■•iii»- i • French - pills guaranteed: consult iree.
MR.S. DR. WEYTII, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
1- ADIKS— CHIOIIKSTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
JU nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other: send 4c. stamps for
particular*, "Relief for Ladies." in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. -.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING FROM
female troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never fails to cure a single case: beware
of frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllisters:., next Hibernia Bank; consult.free
DR. and MBS. DA, VIES; home In confinement;
French Female Piuk Pills.
ECZEMA. RHEUMATISM, ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated by \V. li. DRUHE, at 1207 Market, street,
rooms 2 and 3; German spoken. ...": -:.:.• : ;
A Some , a" FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE;
housekeeping apartments; strictly private.
MRS. Pit. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
A LPE AU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
XX. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. I).; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, CaL
MRS. AND DR. HERWIG, PRIVATE CON-"
flnement home; good care and attendance-
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis st.
DR, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
Diseases of women and children. -
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
. regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home lor patients; best skill:
medical attendance; low tees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market. ■ .■*.,•*
LADIES - DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
ting Pills: ' strongest, safest, best; never fall-
sl per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. solo agents.
A SURE CUBETFOR ALL FEMALE DI3-'
eases, from whatever cause; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OWYER. 226 Turk st.
YJKS. DR. WEGENER;, PRIVATE home in
•!••• confinement: Irregularities cured In a few
hoars without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
TF IRREGULAR Olt ANY FEMALE DISEASB
J- see Mrs. Dr. Poets and be contenu 5254^ 4th,
AiO.M. V TO 1.0 A.N. ~~~
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR CO L-
Xl- laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON C 0..828 Montgomry.r.2l4.
OAKLAND LOANS ON RKAL ESTATE-
first mortgages secured on short notice- oar-
rent rates of interest. - HUGH ,_. CAMERON
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. ;
ON EY TO LOAN; PRIVATE. 410KEARNY
St., room 6. .
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY ETC
-fa. Columbia Loan & Collateral Ofiice, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES-"
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. . McCOLQAN; 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
-IJ Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sts. |
ONEY LOANED- ON JE\V£LRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
Market st.. nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
iRE~CT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE:
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest: also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate ofllce rm. 68, Donohoe build 1170 Market st.
"1 ST&'JD MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
; Xi&tes;lowest rates;uo .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED "OX
your furniture; piano* ; lowest rate; call and
state your proposition or write; open evenings.
-.* :■;: :■■■■- :; rJ. NOON AN. 1021 Mission st.
nnri"' oNBBAi '' ESTATE: LOWEST
<J)OUV/,UUVrates. A.SCHULLEn,6OB Montgy
PAWNBROKERS.
T~126 KEARN Y" ST.. ROOM .9— MONMY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. low rates: pri-
> vate rooms; elevator; pledges tor sal * cheap, -" - i
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
SALESROOM
218 AND 220 MONTGOMERY STREET,
MILLS BUILDING.
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
BY ORDER OF THE
M. MORGENTHAU COMPANY,
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896,
At 12 o'clock, noon,
We will sell the remaining property of the cor.
poration in
MISSION BLOCKS 144 AND 145, COMPRISING
60 twenty-five foot lots.
60 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-live foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots'.
50 twenty-five foot lots. • ■
fit' twenty-five foot lots.
. ON
TWENTY-FIRST STREET.
TWENTY-SECOND STREET.
POTRERO AVENUE AND
HAMPSHIRE STREET.,'
STREETS ALL SEWERED,
. LOTS READY TO BUILD ON.
Title guaranteed by the California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company for tb* nominal sum of
$10 per lot.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE <!fc CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st..
Mills Building.
NEWHALL'S SONS & CO., Auctioneers.
\«"CAFEE BROTHERS,
l'l REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS. .
fl>Q"l Xn JACKSON ST., NR. BAKER; 25x
(pOltlU. 127:814; good locality for flats; would
■ rent well; a cheap lot. : ■ -.
©"I A QOfl MUST BE SOLD; NW. CORNER
<3J_— • O\J\J. Haight and Broderick sts.; 55x
137:6: with L 82:6 ieet deep on
Broderick st.: 3 splendid lots; corner
is improved with 2-story modern
residence; 10 rooms, bath and base-
ment: first-class condition: heaters
and all conveniences; cool subs'
tial stable on Broderick st.; brick
foundation; street work all done and
accepted.
©1 £ftft EASY TERMS; BTH AYE., NR. D,
<iP LO\J X J. Richmond; 25x120; street work done.
C!AOr\f\ WANTS AN OFFER; BAKER NR.
«Jpl<-t/V/. Greenwich; 24x94: good modern im-
provements: store and flat; cable-
cars in front; rents $35 per month;
street work done. '
$19 Zftfl ■ PINE-ST. FLATS; VERY
<$)±£.O\J\J~ choice locality; 25x137:6, with 3
modern flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms,
bath and all conveniences; all rented,
$8- 50; first-class condition.
C».lEnn MUST BE SOLD; ENTIRE BLOCK
H2'±O\J\J. south of park; 240x600; good loca-
tion.
OAKLAND BUSINESS PROPERTY TO Ex-
change for San Francisco residence or residence
.-,; lots in the Western Addition; Home
mortgage would be assumed; but a
very short distance from the City
Hall, and has 2 frontages: 6«xll8
feet deep; improved with bay-win-
dow, 2-story residence: 10 rooms,
bath: large basement, and attic: also
stable for 2 horses an<l carriage;
street work all done and accepted;
Inquire about this without fall.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
• ■ " 108 Montgomery st.
O-DAY. ' ~ ~~ "
TO-DAY..
TO-DAY. .i;..^;:,;
' GO TO-DAY AND SEE THESE LOTS.
A new block, containing 48 beautiful home lots,
is now offered in the Castro-st. addition. The por-
tion of this property first offered met with such a
rapid sale that we advise you to go at once and see
this new block. ■ Go to-day and secure your choice.
PRICES $375 AND »400.
TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
Title perfect. Street work done, including grad-
ing, sewering and macadamizing; water-pipes laid;
electric-lights; all ready for building. Nearly
every lot in this block Is on the grade of the street.
Take the Gnefrero-st. car (Mission or - Valencia
transfer at 14th st.) and ride to Castro and Cbenery
sts. : cars pass the property, Agent on the ground
dully, including Sunday. Diagrams at office.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND.
f . ■ rf 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTa
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots. ; ■ \ ■,
&I7PL TO *SOO FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
tJP 4 O the park and Grand Boulevard; $10 down
and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO. ,
ffljOAA $400, 5450, 5500 TO $1100; CHOICEST
tjpOUU. lots nonh and south Of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist aye. to 20th aye. and Poirft
Lobos, Clement, California and | Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges; opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. (SOL GETZ <&> BRO.
ffIjIAATO $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
©IUU Mlsgion-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ, «fc BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS. ■■
 SOL GETZ & BRO., Owners.
Boom A, first floor, Crocker building.
©Pififin RENTS $80; 2 HOUSES OF 4
iJIUUUU. tenements each; on Filbert st; . 23x
137:6, to rear street: I street work done; house on
rear street, only 6 years old; this property must be
sold- title perfect; make an offer, H. MURPHY,
628 Market at. ■■....-....
Cl £ftft ' FOR COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
UpjLUUU. and bath. 11 Florence St., off Broad-
way, bet. Jones and Taylor.
u>QQ/Wk MHST BE .SOLD; NEW. 1-STORY
<H)OOV/v». house; bar and 3 living-rooms; cigar-
store and stable; lot 26x1:20; well located; would
Tent for $40; some cash, balance on easy- terms.
Apply 715 Fifth aye., near Golden Gate Park.
OR SA_K— CHEAP; LOT 25x125; WITH
new cottage of 5 rooms; 131 Diamond st. Ap-
ply 412 22d st. _■ ' "' ; '■/ "" ■
<fl.-I f\(\(\ FINE CORNER; 104X100; ON
«JP-L UUU. Cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down. $15 monthly. ■ ■:: • -
$350— 1 acre hill land; $5 monthly. ■
$750— Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st. '
OR SALE OR" EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of ! 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
2Sy_. Zoe St., city. .. -■". /. ■ ;,...■ -.--■,.
Q PLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels, etc, built for $3200: 5-room cottage
and bath. 600. JAS McCO.VAHAY.II49 Mission
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE CEL-
lar and garden, lot 22:6x96. .2439 Larkin at. .
A WEEK'S > NEWS FOR ■ 6 • CENTS — TH»
X_ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailins. -
:'.:: to EXCHANGE.
O\J from San Francisco for Oakland or Alameda
residence. L. box 18, Call Office.
XOHANGE BRITANNICA ENCYCLOPEDIA
J-j with index and supplement complete. 29 vols.,
new cost $174; want piano, bankbooks or cash
offer.' Address KENYQN. 6661/4 Natoma st.
GOOD RENTING OAKLAND AND BERKE-
Iey property to exchange , for ' land or ranches.
3. H. EPSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland.' • -v i
COINTKt . KEAL ESTATE.
I?OR SALE— 2BO ACRES OOOI> 1714 Polb.
■ Tuo'.umae County: cheap for cash. 1714 Polk.
oGrange0 Grange blossom COLONY, : ~
OAKDALE, BTA"NISLAC3 CO.. CAL. .:
Beantiful young orange (troves in tracts of 5 acres
and opward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad onthe line between
Stockton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joßquln Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right. - ■
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweats and Maltese
Bloods. The property Is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
Cifferent county fairs in the State and tor a small
consideration cares lor tne orange groves tor non-
residents. • •■■•-.•
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
sfiords excellent sport for hunters. .
Prices for land, including a perpetual water risht
and planted to orange trees, *175 ocr acre. Unim-
proved land with fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase pnoe payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
lect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, mans and catalogues, ai- -
fires* -.
>;A6TON, KLDRIDGE 4 CO..
638 Market Street.
San Francisco. c«L
Oi F. T. KKTEWING, our representative, .
£ "" Oakdale, CaL
1 Aj I ACRES OF PRIME LAND, ONE MILE
-«■«" from Benicia; 10 acres of assorted fruit,
and all necessary improvements; this is an ele-
gant home; terms easy. J. B. MIHAN, 609
Kearny st. .■■.;:•? ' i->-
-"^TEAR HAYWAKDS; 8 ACRES OF LAND
-i.l free; payment for improvements only : 10-room
house, barn, windmill, horse, vehicles, furniture,
tools and bearing fruit trees; price $3600. For
full particulars apply to THOMAS McMAHON,
628 Market st. - ■ • . . j
AN IDEAL PLACE 'LO-:
-cV. For Campers, Summer Outing or Poultry.
182 acres, only $10 per acre: 40 miles from this
city and 2V2 miles from station: never-failing
salmon and trout stream; 3-room cabin and chicken
house: plenty game and deer.
HUGH SHIEL.S. 602 Market St., Crocker bldg.
SHURST COLONY. : '
At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that, will be self-sustaining, aitraotive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
th's colony and are determined to surround our-
seivf-s with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms in our very
midst. We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. \Vo make It possible for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address
ABHTTRST COLONY,
Room 10. Mills Building. 8. F.
ESTABLISHEi) 16 YEARS.
& ■ ■ N. D. NICKELS
THE
land agent!
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
6trlct specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
latest, and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
f* A A ACRES; GOOD HOUSE; EARN; GRAIN"
U"±V/ house; chicken house; spring water piped
to house; large spring which will furnish all water
needed for irrigation; all fenced; no frosts; one-
quarter of this Is the best of oranee and lemon
land: very small first payment; long time, com-
mencing next fall; low Interest; price only 96 per
acre. WARNER & CO., 465 Ninth St., Oakland.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN ; IM-
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. T\VING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
MA COUNTY-6000 ACRES 26 MILES
-UJ. from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit ; send for circular.
( Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. ■:
KND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for tale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Josa.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
"_ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR REAL
estate— Coal, wood and feed yard in Oakland;
P^yinccash business. J. H. EDSON. 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
<ft"l wA LOIS NEAR THE ALTENHEI4I IN
«IT- l -«-'^-'- Frnitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
nnd $1 a week: selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PiNNJiIY .owner, 90"- Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OR REDUCED: "MODERN7~CEJf-
traI, sunny, nearly new, decorated house of 9
rooms. Call at 589 Jones or Twenty-second st., west
of Telegraph avenue, Oakland; good location for a
doctor. - . • - ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AI.AMi.DA 8I : AE. ISTV « E. ■
i } l )(\(\ «50 CASH, ?22 50 MONTHLY: 5
t)Ji^Jd^\J\J. rooms and bath; -perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— No cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000—850 cash; $30 monthly. 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath ; handsome new cottage.
$3250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
pant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath. •>:•«•,•
53500— ?300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.'
MAitCUSE A KEMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
rueda and 6138 Market St., San Francisco.
OR SALE— FINE HOME ON CENTRAL
aye.. cost $11,500. now offered for 99000,
choice property; lot 69x400 with water front, offer
wanted: fine investment in vacant lots.' E. D.
JUDI), 1424 Park at., Alameda. '
BERKELEY KKAI., ESTATE.
ON'T YOU WANT TO LIVE~LONg'anB~DIE
happy? then select your home in beautiful
Berkeley; lots, and lots of them, j'or sale by JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
OOKAT THIS— I HAVE FOR EXCHANGE
■i-J for a small ranch a 5-room cottage; lot 120 x
135; beautiful view; value 93000; mortgage
$1300. JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station. -
HAVE GO T JUST WHAT YOU WANT; NEW
house; thoroughly well built: large corner lot;
cars pass the door: and on your own terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
REAL ESTATE. .
SANTA CLARA COUNTY PROPERTY
for sale or exchange for city property: larze,
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds;
large oaks; suitable for gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boarding; with 160 acres' or less;
stable, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, horsepower, tanks, farming imple-
ments', wagons,' horses, cows, pies, chickens; SO
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres in wheat
and barley. For price and further particulars apply
K. J»f cCURRIE. offlce Lloyd Tevls. Mills bldg. S. F
S iN JOSE HOUSES.
SAN JOSE— TWELvT>RT)^i^REsTr>ENCE';
modern Improvements: large barn; nice
grounds: within five minutes' wall: of the busi-
ness center of the city; for rent, furnished or un-
furnished. Address 255 Nortu Third St., Sau Jose.
STORAGE
A"~^pXY^W^ATE^FOR^T^JR^G^F€?SfI^
xx ture, etc SHIREK & SHIREg, 747 Market.
A MERICAN FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR
-TV ket: storage, at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32. .
rp H. ROONY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X reduced rates: basement storage, sl 60 per load
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 763 Market st. ;
QTOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, lIOCSK-
O hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS, 1710 MARKET—
Storage: low rates: - telephone South 762.
PHYSICIANS. ~
"demovedl- dr. a c! "6'donoTeliT "tcT~l2o6
■It Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
rla.de LUCIS.PHYSICN-SURGEON.ROYAL
-L/University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
MAKiiiAi,.. L.H)t.SaH,H.
The following marriage llcem«s were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Silas E. Shealor and Sarah J. Nichols, 25—24.
A. Huston and Jessie Middleton, ail— 22. .
DIVORCE ■jPROCEJfiDI.X US.
Complaints filed: . ~~~~- :
Katie E. Brady against Thomas H. Brady.
. Annie Freundschule against C. Freundschule. '
Divorce :>-"/'..'. ,1 S-. -. , , ■ ~2l~'\-
Otillla Leutbold from Charles E. Leutbold. for
neglect; by Judge Hunt. Plaintiff allowed to re-
sume her maiden name of Otlllia Rayser. V
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
'■ [Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of person authorized
- to have the same published.]
BOKN.
KUHNE— In this city, February 17, 1896, to the
■ wife of A. Kuhne. a son. - •"• ■-. . • '•: . . . * ■ .
BOEDER— In this city, February 35, 1896, to the
wife of George Boeder, a daughter. - ;. . - .
DIKO.
Bangs, Harry' ' McVerry. Mrs.' Nancy i
Brown, Alice Murpny. Edward :
Burress, John E. Nan el. Joliann L.
Byrne, Ellen - . Ohlsson, John
Campion, Edward Provensal. J. S. M.
Crowley, Samuel S. Rvan. John
l>ou«J, Mrs. N. A. Schmivt. Jean G.
Haley. James L. Simpson. Lydia H.
Hogan, Mat.;ie L. Stapleton, Josephine
Heyman, Johanna Sullivan, Timothy H.
Jones, Henry B. Tenneanon. BenJigte
Levy, Simon Thompson, Mrs. A.
Lenniun. Mary Wagner, Fred
Loeschky, Anna Wallace, William H.
Ludon, Ueon;u Welch, Mary E.
Lupton, May - Wi:becl., Harriet R.
BANGS— In this city, February 26, 1898. Harry
Bangs, beloved ■ son of Albert 11. and. Elizabeth
Bangs, a native of San Francisco, uged 11 years
6 months and 26 days.
BROWN— West Berkeley, February 1896.
Alice, beloved wife of the late John Brown, and
aunt ci Joseph Devlne, a native of County Louth.
Ireland, aged *7 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .ittend me. funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, University avenue, between- Sixth and
Seventh streets, thence to St. Joseph's cimreu,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her sou!, commencing a' 9:30
o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland. \
BURRESS — In Beaumont. Cal., February 25.
1896, John E., beloved husband of Fannie Bur-
ress, and father of Mrs; W. C. Brown and Mrs. L.
I. Thiers. a native of Tennessee, aged 56 years
and 11 days.
BYRNE— In this city. February 25, 1896, Ellen,
beloved wife of James D.. Byrn>-.and sister of
Maggie Poran and Mm. D.Allen, a native of
New Orleans, aged 39 years. [Madison (Wis.) •
papers please copy.]
ISJ* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday"*, at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, southeast corner Army and Castro
streets, thence to St. Paul's "Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:50 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
CAMPION— In this city. February 24, 1896. Ed-
ward Campion, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 14 days.
CROWLEY— In this city, February 26, 1896.
Samuel &, beloved son of Chief of Police P. and
Mary a. Crowley, a i:a Ive of San Francisco.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
DOUD-ln this city. February 26, 1806. Mrs. N. A.
Doud, mother of .Mrs. Nettle A. Wood, a native
of Meadvlue. Pa., aged 11 years and 5 months.
HALEY— this city. February 26. 1898, James
L.. beloved son of Bridget and the late Patrick
Haley, and brother of John. Frank, Thomas and.
Mary Haley, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years 6 months and 3 days.
fiPiTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his mother, 12 Converse street, oil Bry-
ant, between Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where services will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. M. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
BOG AN— ln this city. Magzle L. Hosian. beloved
- daughter of Maggie and the late Edward Ho.-nn,
a. id sister of Mary Richie and Willie and Matt
Hogan, a native or San Francisco, aged 11 years
3 mouths and 26 d.\vs. '
JONES— In the City and County nospltal, Feb-
ruary 24, 1896, Henry B. Jones, aged 36 years.
HEYMAN— In Berlin,' Germany, Johanna, be-
loved mother of Jacob Heyman of San Francisco
and Mrs. Henrietta Levy of Navasota, Texas.
LEVY— In TTnfuOH. Texas, Simon, beloved hus-
band of Henrietta Levy, and father of Gustav A.
and Regina L. Levy.
Li: AM AN— ln this city, February 25, 1893, Mary,
beloved wife of Valentine Leaman, mother of
- Irene, Valentine and Alice Leaman, daughter of
Ann and the late James Thomas, and sister of
John, William and Charles Thomas, a native of
Browns Valley, Cal., aged 30 years 8 months and
16 days.
SlTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral Tills day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 610 a Hampshire street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ■ «■ ■:•■
LOESCHKY— In San Jose. Cal.. February 25,
1896, Anna, beloved mother of Mrs. M. Martens,
Mrs. C. H. Martens and Mrs. G. Rueffer, a native
of Holstein, Germany, aged 74 years and 8 days.
LUDON— In this city, February 23. 1896, George
' I.udon, a native of Holland, aged 40 years.
LUPTON— In this city, February 24, 1896, May
Lupton, a native of Ireland, aged 85 years,
McVERRY —An j anniversary' solemn requiem
high mass will he celebrated TO-MORROW
(Friday), at, 9 o'clock a.m., at St. Bridget's
Churcn, for the repose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Nancy McVerry. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully Invited to attend: i ■ • .' r
MURPHY— In this city, February 26,1896. Ed-
ward Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 51 years.
NAGEL— In Oakland, February 20, 1896, Johann
Ludwig Nagel, n native of Germany, . aged 41
years 6 months and 18 days. - -
OHL^SON — In this city, February 22, 1896. John
Ohlsson, a native of Sweden.-aged 49 years.
SSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F. S--.hr it Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. .. v ■
PROVENSAL— In this city, February' 22, 1896. J.
S. Mouren Provensal, a native of France, aged
u'£ years.
RYAN— In Valle.io, February 25, 1896. John, be-
loved husband of Josie F. Ryan, and father of
Edwin, George and Maude Kyan, and brother of
James B. Ryan, a native of New York, aged 51
years and 3 months. A memDer of James iA.
Gartield Post No. 34, G. A. R.
aarThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from £t. Vin-
cent's Church, Vallejo. BgmiUfIRSBBBSB
SCHMITT— In Alaraeda, February 26. 1896. Jean
G. Schmitt, beloved husband of Anna Scbmltt,
■ and father of Mrs. Anna Simon. Mrs. J. Pierre,
and Jean, Constance. Paul. Marie and Bertha
Schmitt, a native of France, aged 66 years and 10
months. • • •
jJ3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from his law
residence, 638 Halght avenue, Alameda. thence
to St. Joseph's -Church. Interment strictly pri-
vate. - i
SIMPSON— In this city, February 24, 1896. Lydfa
H. Simpson, a native of Wisconsin, aged 33years.'
STAPLETON— In this city. February 26. 1898,
Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of Annie and
the late John stupleton, sister of Mrs. J. Palmer,
Mrs. M. J. Bolger. Mrs. H. Kutter and the late
Margaret McKeand, a native of San Francisco.
• Notice or funeral hereafter.
SULLIVAN— In this city. February 25, 1896.
Timothy H. Sullivan, beloved husband of Annie
Sullivan, and father of Josephine, Mabel, Wil-
liam. : Daniel; Belle, . Kittle. Frank, Albert and
George Sullivan, a native of Dunmanway, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 51 years.
flSTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 22 Ford street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his' soul,
commpneing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TENNESSON— In this city, February 26, 1896.
Bendlgte, beloved daughter of Tonnes and
Elicebet Tennesson, a native of San Francisco,
Cal.. seed 1 year and 27 days.
j33s~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tee funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at, 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1410 Kearny street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. -^ .r---;.--vs .•;.; r- :c-. -v^n- ;
THOMPSON— In Alameda, February 24. 1806,
Mrs. Angelina Thompson, a native of New Jer-
sey. . ..- .
• "JB3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 727 Paru street. .Interment private, j
WAGNER— In this city, February 23, 1896. Fred
• Wagner, a native of Germany, aged 53 years.
WALLACE— In this city, February. 25. 1896, Wil-
liam Henry, only son of Emellna- and - the late
William H. Wallace. ... ......
£3"Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. if., at St. John's Church,
corner California and Octavia streets. Friends
are Invited.
WELCH— In this city/ February 25,1896. entered
Into rest, Mary E., beloved wife of • William T.
Welch, and daughter of Kate and the late John
Lynch, a native of ■ San Francisco. A member
of the Third Order of St. Francis.
*S*The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tnurs'iay), at 9:80 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 1208 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
. Church, Vailejo street, where a .solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Please
omit flowers. Interment H6ly Cross Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— Young Ladies' Institute ' No. I— Sisters:
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
our late sister, Mrs. Mary Welch, from 1208
Broadway, at 9 o'clock a. m., THIS - DAY
7 (Thursday). By order of President.
. . KATE FITZPATRICK.
WITBECK-In this city, February 25, 1896. Har-
riet R. Witbeck, a native of New Jersey, aged 73
years 11 months and 24 days.
v .
I ••- UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
•at Reasonable Rates. ■ . •
I Telephone 3167. 27 and ¥9 Fifth street.
WICAVOY & CALLACHER, T
FUNERAL DIKECTOES & EMBAI.MKR>,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
I ....... Telephone 3080. --
Sab. McllssoitiT. Chas. McM*J*OM
JAMES MeHKHOHEI * SOX,
UNDERTAKERS AND KMBALMERS,
1067 Mission Street, Near vsuth.
______' l Telephone Mo. 3364.
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY,
TSPAN'MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT
: X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beao>
tlftl, permanent and easy of access; see it before
haying a burial place elsewhere. - ■ '
■v, . City Office. 9 City Hall Atobb«»
«SHs*»3gsHr WILCOX COMPOUND
Ttinsy*p/lls
« m wi Bafetmd SURE. Always reliable. Take
nosubstitute. For sale by alj druggists. 12.00. f=end
4c. for Woman's Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFIC!
CO., 228 SOUTH EIQH.TH. ST..PHiLADJL,PA,
1516
IRISH REPLIES
TO GOV. BUDD.
Another Short but Very-
Sharp Bit of Personal
Literature
ON THOSE EXPULSIONS.
Executive Referred to as a Dis
gusting Person Unfit for
His Office.
WHAT GEO. P. MORROW SAYS.
Except in the Personalities Employed
He Concurs With Col. Irish
Throughout.
Now comes John P.lrish and has this
to say to or about Governor Budd and all
others who have entered in any wise into
the controversy provoked by the removal
of Colonel Irish from the directorship of
the Industrial Home for the Adult Blind:
"I have read all that the Governor has
to say, and observe tnat neither he nor
any other denies a single statement I have
made of the incidents leading up to the
displacement of Sanders and the reasons
therefor. That is my case, and it stands
unchallenged.
"The Governor in his hoodlumesque
phrase says I am 'squealing' because he
'kicked' me out of an 'office.' That is the
high conception the fellow has of a labori
ous and humane trust which carries no
financial compensation. My appointment
to it by Governor Bartlett 1 have always
considered an honor. My removal by
Budd is an honor.
"The reasons therefor are so variously
stated that they amuse me. The latest as
signed by the Governor is that some mem
bers of a reprobate committee of the Leg
islature wanted an expelled inmate named
Taylor reinstated. These persons charge
that Taylor was removed for testifying be
fore this committee. This is absolutely
false. Taylor hail been long under tolera
tion, and his violations of discipline finally
compelled his expulsion.
"These eonimitteemen in their letter to
the Governor say :
He recently made application for reinstate
ment, which was indorsed find recommenced
by Superintendent Hays, but his application
■was rejected by the board aad no reason given
therefor.
"That is true. Bat the 'board' which
rejected Taylor consisted of three of
Buda's appointee?., and Mr. Leach, while I
was 3500 miles away in tie East! The
board was three to one, as between the
new ana old policy. Mr. Leach's lone
vote would not reject Taylor, therefore
this was done by the Governor's board.
•I wish to say that no inmate was ever
expelled except for violations of discipline
and after long and patient trial and ad
monition, and if Taylor is readmitted it
will be most unjust not to readmit all, for
he wa;s a chief offender.
"But why need I pay further attention
to it, or to the disgusting person who is
more hopelessly out of reach of the mental
and moral circumference of the office of
Governor than any who ever neld it?"
George P. Morrow, vice-president of the
Produce Exchange, who was one of the
board of directors with Colonel Irish, had
this to say about the matter yesterday: "I
concur in everything Colonel Irish has
eaid regarding the home, excepting the
personal attack upon the Governor. I
ddn't believe in that any more than I did
in the attack upon the President tne other
day. I think the office is bigger than the
man and shouid exempt them from per
sonal attack. At the same time I have
to say that this is the first time that poli
tics lias been done in connection with the
Home for the Blind for some time, and
low-down politics, too. Jack Hays, the
new Superintendent, in whose behalf this
upheaval is made, is a personal friend of
mine. I think he is a tine fellow, but I
don't think he is the man for that place
and I told him so. I told him he ought
not to accept it. I believe he will make a
failure of it.
"I don't moan to say that I think
Hays would fail at everything he mignt
unu» rtake, for I don't think so. But that
place requires a specialist, and Zanders,
the blinu superintendent who was turned
ont to give Hays the job, was such a spe
cialist, and a good one. I have been con
nected with a good many business in
stitution?, and I know something of what
they require. Sanders' loss of sight
seemed to quicken his every other faculty.
He was a keen business man, and made
a perfect success of that institution. I was
appointed by Markham at a time when
politics were sizzling. The State conven
tion was in session. I understood that* 1
was expected to turn things upside down
over there. At that time I was prejudiced
against John P. Irish. I did not like him.
Before I did any upsetting of things, how
ever, 1 was determined to have good
reason. I made a careful study of the in
ptltuiion, and, as a result, 1 didn't turn
anything over. I left it just as it was. I
became convinced that Sanders was the
right man in the right place, and I believe
so yet.
"I think this removal of Irish a great
mistake. You see my prejudice against
Irish has melted also. 1 have a good deal
more confidence in him than I have in
Budd.
"There is N\ W. Spaulding, also one of
the most honest, careful and conscien
tious of our citzens. He was on the board
with us— was removed by Governor Bndd
at the same time l.was. When appointed he
began a careful and independent study of
the institution and its workings; used to
t:ikc his wife and spend days there during
the lirst month or two after his appoint
im-nt. Tlie result was that he, too, fell
into line with the administration as it was
and supported what I think he had first
been disposed to oppose.
"Now, as for the legislative report so
ECZEMA
Most Distressing of Skin Diseases
Instantly Relieved by
(pticura
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS
A warm bath with Cuticura
Soap, and a single application of
Cuticura (ointment) ,the great Skin
Cure, followed by mild doses of
Cuticura Resolvent (blood puri-
fier), will afford instant relief, per-
mit rest and sleep, and point to a
speedy, permanent, and economi-
cal cure when all other methods fail.
Rold throughout the world. Britiih depot: F. N«w-
BEST h Sons. 1, King E-iw»rd-it., London. PottM
"»«uo tMB Ch cm. Co*r., sole Prop*., B«*(on, U. S. *•
much stress is laid upon. It dwelt
particularly upon the filth .alleged to
have been discovered in the smoking
room. Nearly all thope blind men smoke
and chew tobacco. They cannot see a
spittoon — a man wiih eyes seldom hits a
spittoon when he tries. The result is that
this room, where many of the inmates
spend most of their time in smoking, is,
except for the first live minutes after it is
waslied out— not as pleasant a place as
some others. But the institution proper
was kept perfectly clean, the food was ex
cellent, nicely cooked and nicely served.
Complaints there was and always will be,
for when a man loses his sight, he becomes
a crank. I have stood with other directors
in the dining-room and seen a dinner
served to them that any man might en
joy and heard them complain bitterly —
they not Knowing tnat we were there. The
inmates who were put out were constant
fomenters of trouble and had been for a
long time before.
"Again, I say, I concur in all that Col
onel Irish has said."
LOSES HIS SUIT.
John Nash Fails to Get Judgment
Against Mm. Ernestine Kreling
of the Tivoli.
A decision was given in Mrs. Kreling's
favor yesterday in John Nash's suit
In instructing the jury Judge Hunt
said he considered that the letters and
telegrams received by John Nash from
Mrs. Kreling constituted a contract for
one year, but that lie could see no cause
why the $1120 salary claimed for the sec
ond year should be paid.
At the time of Mr. Nash's dismissal
from the Tivoli the first year of his en
gagement had expired, with the exception
of five weeks.
The Judge stated that it was for the jury
to consider whether the $420 salary for
three weeks should be paid to Mr. Nash or
whether the negligence of his duties, to
which witnesses had testified, did not de
bar him from receiving this salary.
The jury, which was only out of court
five minutes, gave a verdict for Mrs.
Kreling. It was decided that the plaintiff
by absenting himself from his duties dur
ing the afternoon had forfeited any claim
to the salary for the live weeKs.
THE RAILWAY WEAKENS.
Southern Pacific Fares to Port
land Had to Be Re
duced.
Passengers Patronizing the Oregon
Steamers and the Low Rates
Almost Exclusively.
The Southern Pacific Company has
weakened in its fight with the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company for
passenger business between San Francisco
and Portland. The railroad company
about two months ago declared it was
master of the situation, and, acting upon
this bold stand, advanced its rates from
the low standard made in opposition to
the steamers. It now turns out that the
advance on presumption of superiority of
service was only an experiment tried in
the nature of a "bluff." For the railway
company admitted its defeat yesterday
when it reduced rates to Portland from
$7 50 to $5 for second class and from $15 to
$10 for fir&t class.
The rate was the same when the tight
was on late last year between the two com
panies, although it was ruinously low for
the Southern Pacific — that is, in com
parison with its old-time standard figures
of just double the cut.
"It is worth the difference in price to go
THE WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP DORIC, WHICH ARRIVED FROM LIVERPOOL LAST NIGHT.
[From a photograph.]
by the all-rail route and travel in comfort
and safety,'' Vice-President Stubbs said.
"We have found that people continue to
patronize an all-rail route although the
fares, are higher than the steamer line, and
we feel sure that they will continue to
patronize our road at the advanced, fig
ures."
That was when the rates were raised a
peg from $5 and $10.
A week later the passenger officials de
clared that trains for Portland were full as
ever, and the traveling public was patron
izing them even more generously than
when the low rates prevailed. This was
almost sufficient reason for hopes that still
another advance might be made in the
near future. Bat the development of time,
it now appears, had quite another effect.
Instead of an advance the railway com
pany found it had to reduce the fares be
tween Portland and San Francisco. Oth
erwise the Oregon Company's steamers
would carry nearly all the passengers be
tween the two cities at the nominal rates
of $2 50 and $"j adopted by its manager
when the war was on.
The reduced railway rates will go into
effect to-morrow.
A CAUSE CELEBRE.
Surcfsnf ii I Rehearsal of the Mock Trial
for the Mercantile Library.
The trial to be held to-morrow for the
benefit of the Mercantile Library had a
full rehearsal last night at Dr. Gibbons'
house, 920 Polk street. All the performers
were present and the trial went off splen
didly. "Uncle" George Bromley sus
tained his role of defendant with a touch
ing mixture of pathos at finding himself
accused of stealing a lone widow's coat,
and reckless hardihood to the gibes of the
District Attorney. Among the jurors last
night were: Louis Sloss, Jeremiah Lynch,
Porter Ashe and C O. D. Miiler.
It is expected that the Judge and at
torneys will be "gowned" in the wigs and
robesof English Judges and barristers in
order to give the court all the pomp and
A Worthless Check.
John W. Barnes, an East-street saloon
keeper, swore out a warrant yesterday for the
arrest of John P. Peralta, 728 Albion street,
Oakland, on the charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. About two weeks ago he made
some puFchases in Barnes' saloon and gave
him a check for $50 on the Nevada Bank, bear
ing the signature "Schutz and Company, C.
D. C." Barnes cashed the check, and when
presented at the bank it was declared to ue
worthless.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1896.
ARRIVAL OF THE DORIC
The Splendid White Star Steam
ship Is Direct From
Liverpool.
WAS FORTY DAYS EN ROUTE.
Her Commander Is an Officer in the
Royal Naval Reserve— For the
China Run.
The splendid White Star steamship
Doric arrived last night direct from Liver
pool and anchored off Powell street. She
is forty-one days between port and port,
but having to anchor over night at Sandy
Point, the entrance to the Straits of Ma
gellan, consequently her steaming time is
forty days. The distance is 13,600 miles,
which makes an average of over fourteen
knots an hour. Notwithstanding the fact
that she started with new boilers and
engines there were only two stops at sea
one of an hour and the other of five
minutes. During all the long voyage the
propeller recorded just 4,000,000 revolu
tions. She was built about twelve years
ago, but has been refitted throughout for
the Occidental and Oriental service.
In appearance she resembles her sisters,
the Oceanic, Coptic and Belgic, but her in
terior is more magnificent than that of the
three other vessels. The furnishings are
of oak, teaK and mahogany, the colors of
the wood blending together in perfect har
mony. The saloons with their beautiful
gildings, the cozy smoking-rooms with
their easy chairs and lounging-places, the
library with its hundreds of finely bound
volume?, and, above all, the grand, large
statero .ii.s, mako this noble craft a veri
table ocean palace.
She is 440 feet long (ten feet more than
the Ccpcic), 44-foot beam and 31 feet in
depth. Her gross tonnage is 4784, more
than that of her sister by 336 tons. The
engines are triple expansion, of 3"i00 horse
power, fitted with Howdon's forced
draught. Her new boilers have been tested
at 180 pounds steam pressure.
The Doric is commanded by Captain
Harry Smith, a brother of the old captain
of the Oceanic. He holds the commission
of lieutenant in the Royal Naval Reserve.
First Officer A. Hambleton is also an
officer in the reserve.
The other ofiicers are: C. E. Starck, sec
ond ; B. P. Lawlor, third ; C. H. Cross,
fourth; W. Allen, chief engineer; J. Gas
ton, first assistant; J. Reid, second; David
McKinnon, third; Thomas Tomlinson,
fourth; William Crawford, fifth; Thomas
Hellon, boiler-maker. Chief Steward W.
"Wheat is acting purser. Chief Engineer
Allen. First Assistant Geston and Third
Assistant .McKinnon are old O. and O.
engineers and well known here.
"I bade my old ship, the Oceanic, good
by when we steamed out of Belfast^" said
the chief last night. "She has been sold
to Hanand & "Wolfe of that place, and I
imagine she will be refitted for the German
Ocean trade.
"The company wanted a larger and faster
vessel for this run and here we are.
Nothing of any note happened during our
trip, we just went ahead day after day
reeling off fourteen and fifteen knots from
hour to hour. In calm and storm the
Doric goes grandly on like the stately Gre
cian motion that has given her a "name.
These great new engines drive her in the
teeth of a gale as they do over the smooth
waters ol the harbor."
The Doric will discharge her small
freight of about a thousand tons or so and
prepare for her first trip to China and
Japan. When she was first reported last
night she was taken for the Belgic, which
is due from the Orient.
OLYMPIC CLUB DIRECTORS
They Will Ask Leventritt to
Build on His Prop
erty.
A New Handball Court Contemplated.
Boxing, Wrestling and Billiard
Contests.
The Olympic Club directors appointed a
committee consisting of Dr. Short and
President Eaton last evening to visit
Leventritt, the owner of the property
which adjoins the club building on its
west side, and make terms with him, if
possible, regarding the erection of a hand
ball court, according to the plans that
have been submitted and approved of b" v
the board.
The proposition that will be submitted
to Mr. Leventritt is that he will nave a
building constructed on the lot in accord
ance with the plans, and that the cluo will
lease the property for a term of years at a
fair rental.
The directors sanctioned the holding of
a championship wrestling tournament in
the gymnasium some time in the latter
part of March. It will be open to all ama
teur athletes, who will be classified accord
ing to their weights.
A feature t:at will create much interest
among the members will be a boxing
tournament open to amateurs in good
standing. The contests will be held at the
Pavilion during the last week of April,
and the books of the club are now open to
the boxers who wish to participate. The
preliminary bouts will be held in the
gymnasium of the club and the rinals in
the Pavilion. The weights will be heavy,
middle, welter, light, feather and bantam.
As this will be the annual champion
ship meeting of athletes wi:o are clever
with their "props," it is expected that a
large number of entries will be received
from the clubs of San Francisco, Oak
land, Sacramento, Stockton and Los An
geles. Particulars can be had from either
_,~w- NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. _^n_q_n
w ' ICd9Cßßila6ikßaJ3MM>y • .
cTiic^ iSe eflrly J >frds s are now deciding what their spring feathers are to be, and our counters are all ready to aid their decision. EARLY RIPE DRESS
|P^^ST^g|^^{:«™pl^^a^ ' he C "" S? THIS W6EK ' 5 ° Ur ° I>en '" S£ "' NBW FABRICS FOR
— . *KO^ ; : ■
Opening Week Opening Week Opening Week Opening Week
Spring Dress Goods. Specials ! Specials ! I 18 9° Spring Waists
, * . j Add one to the list of woman's
As business inciters we quote bone buttons, odd sizes 2c dozen chenille portieres, 3% yards by 48 comforts. Waists for spring id
eight items from Dress Goods. 8-button kid glov^ opera shades 9 2 pair lnches "" : * 5 pair washable materials. Last year
New delights in Silks that com- HOOKS AND . m — i white nain Books,8 ooks, 26 inches wide... cc yard was introduction time, this year
bine newness and prettiness with and ■ — —" on a cardie each sateens, 30 inches wide i2y a cyard their use will be general. The
prices that for lowness have wh "^earl buttons,^ 20 and 22. 6 cdoz HUCK TOWELS> 18xl^ cheB $1 25 d02ea new season's array is now com-
never been equaled on the Coast imitation leather needle-books, . plete for early choosing. Note
Forestall the demand, for their need ' es and mirror cial price.... io c each bleached tabled^ ask, 58 -inch.. 4 oc yd- the patented skirt hanger and)
equal in quality style and COTTONELA3TIC %of an inch wide.... 6c yard lace curtains, 3y 3 yards by 56 inches... belt adjuster on some of them,
. .*_■••• ••••• $3 50 pair — . —
adaptability to every social func- Al>lK^' hose supporters, satin ben, ladies* calico waists, 15 differ-
#;_„._■.., - c -~ buttonciasp 20c pair LACE CURTAINS, 3% yards by 54 inches... ent patterns, in light or dark colors, CAO
tlOn IS rarely Offered. ; .... ... $285 pair laundered collars and cuffs, yoke back, ™
■ i. CLOTH BRUSHES, 8% inches 10ng.... 20c each large, full sleeves. ■ Price Each
IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3% yards by 50 200 DOZEN LADIES' PERCALE
PLAYING CARDS, "Mascot te" 12c pack Inches $4 pair WAISTS, 10 patterns, all swell color- , fjrp
TWILL VIGOUREAUX, 48 inches wide, i_ .". . ings, laundered collars and cuffs, extra li)
heavy twill, two-toned colorings, all flgi .50 ■ • large, full sleeves. Price .• EacJv
■S^W&tc^miS^ii^H^ Introduction of New Introduction of Laces, ™ißoBfi^&£slo£
. iiiuuuuvHwil \Jk »^VYV T" •.*•*••*.* f 3 and color combinations, small and ; •
ttl 50 Spring Wash Fabrics. ' ' mmin | s ; Gioves » Ss^jPSS** 5253S 253
e p ffect, new Wcolor combinations. $1^ -. •• 6 _ Notions,. EtC. . IS^tSS^S^&^i 85°
' 'J_ ara FINE DIMITY, 29 inches wide, light col- 1 OIC Price Each
BICYCLE SUITING. 44 inches wide, in " Ya*rd "N.KN EFFECT EDGING, with inser- lW c^^ &Stl*!o S^SSnSSS 'H?
mixtures of gray, browns, tans, etc., (TO -1.2 5 ■ tion to match, the latest novelty and collars and cc^Dlaidßtrfnes in it'ht a* inn
extra heavy, especially adapted for «tt)J PERSIAN DIMITY 29 inches wide light ICC cashable. Prices lange from ■ an^dark^S. ill have 'palln t $I^2
Ladies' Bicycle Costumes. Price W Yard and medium colors, raised Van Dyka 15° 35c to $2 25 Yard skirt-adjusitr. Price P tCnt Each
FANCY BROPHF s7L7 "0 Inche, • cord in pretty cloudedeffects. Price.. Yard VALENCIENNES LA^i7 a choice line 100 DOZEN SOFT-FINISH FRENCH ■ V^
* A^.u£™™*t ß a^£*™ ll £es>C .00 LINEN EFFECTS, a new wash oodsf in 1 9 1C received. Prices range froni.. plffl^ts^iSow'Sd"'.!^
colored backgrounds! a rich velvety &2-^ Jinen colorert ground, colored dots and I^2 : ll^ l lV 2 c to ard CessoHd colons, in vel ow* anS
effecu Price • Yard fanc> stripes. Pnce^ Yard ART DENIM, 36 Inches wide, assorted r C green, the most popular shad, sof the .25
n»»DOTT»™ »o.^ •- colors. Prlcp ' VfS season, laundered collars and cuffs, «pl — -
BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR. 45 Inches '^.^^^^lZ^':— Y^rd bi « sleeves. Price..^. Each
wide, rich silky effects in medium and ©I. sprinkled with silk dots, the swelled Oft .35 „ BOYS' SHIRT WAISTS, "Mother's
.large designs, on plain and fancy <jpl Persian effect, for waists and dresses «&1— - NEW BELT BUCKLES, just received. Friend," unlaundered. made of Per-
grounds. Price, Yard Price Yard Sterling Silver, from 75c to $2 50 per Set cales, Cheviots or Flannelettes, in
l r^_l_ i; "■' ""■" White Metal silver finish 20c to 50c per set light or dark colors, the only waist KflC
BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS, 45 inches 0.15 SHEER LINEN NOVELTY. 32 inches CAC Belt Pins to match 5c to 40c Each that no buttons can be torn off. Price JU
• wide, large floral and crepy designs, <p^ wide, the latest summer wash goods, i)\J „,,,,, „■,„,,„., »-. mT>T , r ' _ BO"i SHIRT WAisis. "Mother's
bright, lustrous finish. Price Yard in a variety of colored dots. Price Yard «*•** GISMONDI TRIMMING, latest Friend." full laundered, best French Qr;O
, styles, pretty patterns. Prices range Percale, plalu-d back and front, largo OO
WARP PRINT TAFFETA, new and NEW LINEN EFFECTS, 29 inches wide, ICC from "" :l::::1 25c to 75c Yard . Bailor collar. Price V^V Each
WARP PRIIST TAlIh. lA, i slSl'nSBl^ extra heavy, basket weave, satin ICC **X£%^£££* a '&&i«»> Ladies » Capes_and Wraps.
;?rSu2Tn^he M popu"ar»»nSs]f2 Sj£.^ Bmall eolmA threßd - i? r d "ZSBSS^SS&°fSi.i!^ Ladl es Capes and Wraps.
PrlCe " -^ rd WHITE DRESS BWlii^Ve have Just Zll' «»*« A"****™ I ™--™"*-***" IO P k »«
WARP PRINT TAFFETA, 20 Inches mj "I .50 opened a Dig line of French Dress . GRASS CLOTH FLOUNCING all linen us lor laicst Styles. UUT gOOdS, Of
wide, Oriental effects, exquisite color- «JPJ. Swisses. On counters Monday from.. the very latest craze. Prices range the brightest Styles for Spring, now
Ings, exclusive designs. Price Yard ; 10c to 45c per Yard from $1 25 to $2 25 Yard crossing the Continent by fast freight.
OALtiKKy^j37 TO 945 MARKET STREET.
Director Short or Superintendent Ken
nedy of the club.
A contract for the improvement of the
outdoor grounds will be awarded to-day,
and Peter Mclntyre, who is care-taker of
the grounds, is consequently happy in the
thought that the once pretty athletic park
will once again resume its former appear
ance.
The championship games will be held
therein April, and some great perform
ances in track and field events will cer
tainly result, as the Stanford and Berkeley
universities will send their best men to
the field to compete against the represen
tatives of the athletic clubs of this City
and Oaklund.
The billiard tournament is nearing the
end. In the first class C. H. Williams, O.
B. Burns and E. L. Lewis will take the
prizes offered by the club. In the second
class L. Nolan and A. C. Thornton will
taice first and second respectively, and for
third prize the contest lies between Hodg
kins and Smith, who have scored a tie.
The third-class players are having a very
spirited race. The winners will in all
probability be A. C. Hampton, P. C. vVeg
eiior, J. Bennett and J. McCarthy. The
latter has not finished his score, and
should he defeat the players whom he will
meet in the finals he will stand a very ex
cellent chance of taking the first prize. It
is expected that the tournament will con
clude on Saturday evening.
BACK FROM SPAIN.
Charles Fair Has Returned After Throe
Months' Absence There and in Italy.
Charles L. Fair, who has for some three
months past been in Europe, returned
last night, and is at the Palace. He said
he had spent most of the winter in Spain,
where there was no snow, except on the
mountains. He was in Italy only a brief
time.
Mr. Fair says Europe looks much like it
did to him four years ago, when he was
last there. . No particular change was no
ticeable in any way, and business appeared
to be about as lively as usual. 'Mrs. Fair
was with ; him on the trip. The sojourn
abroad was very pleasant. •
— — ♦ — ■? ■ ■■ v
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN. IMPORTING TEA CO. •
Bells Crockery; . Chmaware, . Glassware ' and
. .'; Tinware
CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM. :
Very . Pretty Dishes. : .Very Cheap ■ Prices.
62 Market street, S. F., Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES ; X VERY WHERE.
» ♦ — •
Glass in oven-doors is a new contrivance.
It enables ,- cooks to watch ■ the food with
out opening the doors. :
AFTER SIXTEEN YEARS.
The Association of Marine Un
derwriters Hold a
Meeting.
In the Evening the Insurance Men
Regaled Themselves at a Sump*
tuous Banquet.
The Association of Marine Underwriters
of San Francisco yesterday celebrated its
sixteenth annual birthday.
The members of the organization met in
the afternoon in the boardroom of the
Marine Underwriters at 303 California
street, R. B. Hooper presiding and Harri
son Housewortb officiating as secretary.
Charles Page presented a paper in rela
tion to the Hnrter act recently passed by
Congress, explaining its origin and effect.
He told how it has heretofore been the
Drivilege of vessels to deviate from their
course for the purpose of saving life with
out invalidating their insurance policies,
but that now, under the maritime lnw
passed at the instance of Congressman
Harter, vessels may deviate from their
course for the purpose of saving property
without either invalidating policies or sub
jecting owners or charterers to claims for
damages likely to occur to perishable or
other cargo.
Mr. Page suggested that a change might
be made hereafter in insurance policies, to
minimize the additional risk entailed by
virtue of the new act.
Other papers were read by William
Henry 0. Fowler, on the subject, "Our
Association" and by H. S. Smith on "Un
■eeen Hazards."
Last evening a majority of the members
of the association regaled themselves at a
banquet at the Maison Riche. It was a
royal affair in the large dininc-room. The
guests were each furnished with a magnifi
cently engraved menu giving views of
Pigeon Point, Lighthouse, Golden Gate,
Cataiina Island, Fort Ross chute landing,
draw bridge, a Chinese junk and Angel
Island.
The menu itself was as follows:
Blue Points sur Coqullles.
Tortu Verte Claire.
Homard liavigotte. .
Turban de Basse au yin blanc, Foramen Duchesse.
Filet de Boeuf aux Champignons.
Plgeonnaux Braise aux Petlts Pols.
Asperges a la Hollandaise.
Punch a la Sibenenne.
Selle de Spring Lamb.
t>alade de .Laitue. ; ,
Glaces en moulds varies.
Fruits, l-'romace ci Galeauz.
Cafe Noir.
VISS.
Haut Sauterne. '-•.'/
--.■'■jX'jl:' Euarisk-DuponU
Pontet CaneU
Pommery.
Those present were: .
E. Alexander, Montgomery Boggs ,F. 8. • But
ler, Harry Durbrow, W. J. Button, W. H. C.
Fowler, Wllliain Frank, A. R. Frilschi, W. C
Gibbs, I. Gutte, R. B. Hooper, Harrison House
worth, J. B. Levison, M. A. Newell, A. R. Pat
terson, H. L. Read, L. Rosenthal. J. E. de Ruy
ter, Fred Simmen, H. Step"henson Smith, E L.
Woods, M. U. Bates, N. T. James, Charles Page
and C. L. Taylor. 6
The toast to the President of the United
States, was responded to by Edmund L.
Woods, "Our Underwriters," by William
J. Dutton. .
. — •— — *— - ;'. . -
Irish-American Socialists.
An Irish-American branch of the Soclalint-
Labor party was organized last evening in the
Temple at 117 Turk street. W. M. Wiliey pre
sided as chairman and Theodore Lynch of
ficiated as secretary. The hall was about half
tilled and. the audience 'showed its apprecia
tion of the addresses made by members of the
other local branches. J. T. Rose read the plat
form of the Socialist narty. which was heartily
indorsed by those who signed the roll of the
new organization. Speeches were made by S
Seiler, the local organizer; T. F. Burns, James
Andrews, R. T. Mclvor, William Mangan, D.
O'Connell, Leopold Nathan and others. The
next meeting for permanent organization will
be held on Wednesday evening.
for 10 CENTS.
It makes a grand parade with elephants, cages of animals,
Chariots, bands. Gives a full performance in a ring, with rinjc
master, clown, acrobats, bareback riders, trained dogs and ele-
phants, winding up with the pantomime of Humnty Dumoty.
including all the characters and scenery.
3 Ways to Get flo €*--*£ lo Coupons, or
Thi« Cirrus • I UCIIQ 1 Con P on and 1O cents, or
i HIS UrCUS . ( M ****** 14 cts without any Coupons,
' TO
Blackwell's Durham Tobacco Co., Durham, N.C.
and the Circus will be sent you postpaid. You will find 1 coupo&
inside each 2 ounce bag, and 2 coupons inside each 4 ounce bag of]
Blackwell's Genuine
Durham Tobacco;
Buy a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the
coupon, which gives a list of other premiums and how to get them.
2 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED.
PITRAYI7I? HOME INDUSTRY.
l A iliUiil/jLj IMTIej liiuLMlii.
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAB IKON 51. 75 base
ANGLE 1R0N..... 2.25 flat
BAND IRON 2.10 ••
Round Edge Tire Steel 2.15 flat
Toe " 2.40 "
Plow •• 2.25 "
German Hammered 3.75 base
Pick " ......... 4.00' "
Machinery «' 2.00 "
Spring «• 2.50 M
Cold Rolled *• 3.25 "
Finished Shafting 3.25 ••
Terms .—Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
City Office:— Cor. Howard & Bcale Sts.,
■ SAN FRANCISCO. •
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary,: secondary ami
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Boom 1. 632 Market St.. San' Francisco.
jJFjp^ifiisobD HBTOREDiSraS
WtW <c& mf SW >t? |GJ tion of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all n er .
■IK ,\ 1 \CT -vT vous or disposes of thp genemUve orßans, such ns Lost Manhood
Wr -<? ASf gfSm "Zo? a tiuuof a fann.u.i French pliysician, will quickly cure you of all n-V
BVi &Af VT *4f14/ Insomnia, in the Back, Seminal Kmliions, as tost Manhood
V/ faAi \L J^U Insomnia, l'ains in the Bnck, Seminal Kmissions, Kf-rvoua iDehiTt'-'
B \ 099 L T 'mm' Pimples, tnfitness to- Marry, Kzhaustiiis; Drains, V:iricooeie and
■ V^ r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents anfek.
■ As^y. \s»i/ ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea arrt
BEFORE and AFTER oil thehnrrorsnf Impotency. CWRinESiEok-auses tlioliver -h«
M BEFORE AND Mr sen kidneys and urinary organs of all impurities. »"»«, "*•
™* 3 CFPIDFSE strengthens and restores small weak organs. '
- - The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are tronbted wfM.
PrOßtstltta. CDPIDENE Is the only known remedy to care without an operation 6000 testfmnni:
«ls. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent enS
|Loonbox,slxf<>rssioo,by mail. Send for fbee circular and testimonials. jwuuuiuieu%
Address DAVOL 31EUICINJE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Pal For sale hv
BROOKS' fHAKMACY, 119 PoweU strecfc
DR. PIERCES GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Patent: contains all improvements
and is sold at one-half the price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts.
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierces belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief.
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
inquirers as 10 the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
Pierces belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these goods with all others Is re-
spectfully Invited of all Intending purchasers of an
.Electric Belt. tCg- Call or write for tree PAMrH-
I.ET No. 2." Address
DBS. iIER(K & SON,
704 Sacramento Street.
2d, 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, CaL
BIWEUiVC
>T£4RNYS\
T 6THEVKRY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOU a
i. eyes and tit them to Spectacles or EyegUssai
with instruments of his own invention, vruo*»
superiority ha« not boon equaled. .My «ucvj«jm ixa*
©•endue 10 the merits >>' my worlb
Office Hours— l 2 to -1 i: x.