VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 133.
TO VOTE FOR
THE BEST MEN
Delegates to the Republican
Convention Should Be
Left Free.
SO SAYS MR. PERKINS.
The Senator States That He Is
Not a Candidate for the
Vice-Presidency.
WHAT CALIFORNIA CAN GET.
With a Deegation Unpledged the
State Will Secure a Cabinet
Officer.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.— The
Washington Post has been casting the
Presidential horoscope, with Senator Per
kir.s in the sky as a star of the first magni
tude for Vice-President. It believes that
Ti.e treatment by the convention of Per
kins will nave considerable to do with
which way are swung the forty-one votes
of the Pacific Coast States and near-lying
Territories, and of Utah.
The fact that the Pacific Coast would be
50 flattered by recognition on the National
ticket is being taken into account by those
who hope to stem the McKiniey current,
paid to be strong there, says the Post.
The opponents of McKiniey, when they
pay that they hope to defeat him at the
convention, but do not yet know how they
will accomplish that, are holding the Pa
cific Coast card up their sleeve. There is
no question of Perkins' availability as a
man, nor that his candidacy would receive
wide support among his party. But the
McKiniey men will probably not look fa
vorably upon him unless circumstauces
compel them to. They will wish rather
for a man irom the Atlantic coast. This
will be used to advantage by the friends
of Reed and of Morton at the convention.
Continuing, the Post says:
The managers for Reed and for Morton un
derstand the situation. They also see that
considerable prejudice will have to be over
come in order to swing the far West in favor of
their candidates. Morton is regarded as an
avowed enemy of silver, and the bimetallic
sentiment is in %. mood to kick over the traces
Dnlan properly soothed. Platt would be in
(lined to do this soothing by attaching to
the tict-n a. man like Perkins, which would
p"iep«e the Pacirlc Coast hugely, and all
out of proportion to the real benefits that
would aocrne t<> them. Perkins could be
attached to the ticket without much oppo
f-:t:'.:i from the gold men, as, though he
is a silver man, he Is not a fanatic, and re
fuses to identify himself with any of Stewart's
raids in the Senate. He has fought out alibis
victories on the broad open territory in day
light, and is a man who moves with modera
tion, but keeps moving. He would not be a
party tt> any conspiracy to embarrass the coun
try's revenue for sake of silver.
Senator Perkins will doubtless go to St. Louis
-with a strong baikine irom the Pacific Coast.
He is not taking an extraordinary interest in
the matter, however, though he understands
his own value in helping out on a ticket
headed by Reed or Morton, or any other man
from east of the Missouri.
Senator Perkins' attention was called to
this publication as well as to the fact that
a great many papers, not only in the West,
but all through the East, have spoken
quite as kindly of him with regard to the
second place on the ticket.
'I am, of course, very highly gratified
at the compliment of the unsolicited
movement." *aid the Sen; tor, in reply,
"and particularly at the manner in which
the public has manifested its confidence in
me and the kind words which have been
written and spoken by my friends and ac
quaintances. All this has given me the
preaten pleasure and will be remembered
long after the movement has been forgot
ten."
Continuing, he said:
"There seems to be still a belief in some
quarters that I am a candidate for the
nomination, but I am not. Ido not as
pire to the office. While I am in public
life- my desire will be to secure as many
benefits for California, as well as for the
entire country, as are possible, and for this
I deem that my present position will en
able me to be of greater usefulness than
any other I could occupy."
"Have you any notion as to the geo
graphical location of the Vice-Presidential
candidate?" was asked.
"I do not think that the Republican
National Convention will select a candi
date for the Vice- Presidency from any
Htate West of the Missouri River," said
Senator Perkins." The great Northwest
and the East will, in my opinion, be the
two fields from which the two men to
head the ticket will be taken. With an
honest, able, experienced and strong man
from one of the States between the Ohio
and the Missouri for a Presidential candi
date and the second name on the ticket
taken from New York or New England, I
am of the opinion that the Republican
patty will sweep the country from ocean
to ocean in November."
"But is California to be left out of tne
marhinery of the National Government, as
usual?"
"In the convention which is to meet at
Bt. Louis in June California can, if it
chooses, make her influence felt as she
never has before on such ap occasion. It
is in a position to secure that which it has
long desin-<l and which is her dve — a
Cabinet officer."
"Are you in favor of the delegation to
the convention being instructed?"
"To become a power In the convention,
however, the California delegation must be
unpledged and act as a unit. The dele
pates should be left absolutely free to vote
for the best men brought forward, and in
Voting they should be actuated solely by
the idea of the greatest good oi the entire
country. Tee great issues which are in
volved render it incumbent upon conven
tions to send as delegates men of the high
est character, ability and patriotism, and
California should send to St. Louis some of
lier best citizens, who are not to be in
fluenced by political considerations on
account of holding ollice under the Govern
The San Francisco Call
merit or any position in the gift of the
people. It seems to me that it will
strengthen the position of California in
the convention if men already honored by
the people will consent to the election of
delegates who will not be influenced by
such ties as political positions impose.
With a delegation so constituted, work
ing always together and animated by un
selfish patriotism, California will, I think,
be able to dictate the selection of a Cabinet
officer, and this applies to the Democratic
as well as to the Republican party."
"Have you any man in mind as to the
Cabinet appointment?"
"I believe California should be repre
sented in the Cabinet. The State would
be honored as well as b3netited by sending
there such a Republican as Colonel John P.
Jackson, Colonel Charles F. Crocker or
John D. Spreckels, or such a Democrat as
J. J. Valentine, Governor Budd or James D.
Phelan. These are men of high character
and eminent executive ability, and either
of them would make a Cabinet officer of
whom the State would have reason to be
proud. It is, I believe, within the power
of California to secure representation in
the Cabinet, but only, I am confident,
through such means as have been pointed
out. Each of the great parties must have
unity of purpose and must be actuated by
an earnest desire to act for the welfare
of the State and of the entire country."
QUITE "OXSA.RTIA" IXDEEZt.
Collis P. Huntington Heeitet an Ancient
Campaign Poem.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 10.— C. P.
Huntington is still in Washington. He
has been here most of the winter, at the
Normandie Hotel, where he engages his
apartments by the year. There he has his
office and receives reports from his corps
of lobbyists.
Huntington was asked to-night what
would be the fate of his refunding bill.
He replied by quoting some poetry.
"In 1540," said he,"! took part in the
Presidential campaign. Martin Van
Buren and William Henry Harrison were
the opposing candidates. It was a cam
paign of soners, and I remember very well
one that they sang at the close of that
year:
Late events have proved to Martin
That dotiDtful things are quite "onsartln.' '
THREK CYCLOXES PREDICTED.
"Dutch Charlie" M.ikra n Rather Start-
/in*/ I'rophecy.
WTCHITA, Kans., April 10.— "Dutch
Charlie," the eccentric "Seer of Bolton,"
living in Cowley County, Kans., has created
a panic among the denizens of the Arkan
sas Valley by the announcement that
three cyclones, each succeeding one more
destructive than its predecessor, will sweep
the valley this summer. The first i 9 to
come in June, the second in July and the
third in September. The last, he predicts,
will be very destructive to life as well as
property.
A Rearuer Periahea.
BUTTE, Mont., April 10.— Another life
was sacrificed to-day in an endeavor to
rescue the seven men entombed in the
Hope Mine at Basin. Albert Boulware,
one of a party of men who attempted to go
down the shaft to re?ci7e the men, n r as
overcome by foul air and expired before he
conid be taken out. Superintendent Bach
says it is not probable that the bodies can
be reached in two weeks.
Inspected Fort Sheridan.
CHICAGO. 111., April 10. — Marquis
Yamaeata, Field Marshal of Japan, and
suite arrived here this morning. The
party will remain until to-morrow, when
they* will leave for the East. General Mer
ritt* and staff formally called on the vis
itors this morning. This afternoon Field
Marshal Yamagata, accompanied by Gen
eral Merritt and staff, inspected Fort
Sheridan.
Suddenly Abandoned.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 10.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Cairo,
Egypt, says: From, indications here
to day it is thought that the plan of push
ing the Anglo Egyptian army direct to
Donpola lias been suddenly abandoned.
The purchase of camels and horses has
been stopped.
CONFESSION OF HOLMES
He Admits Himself to Be the
Author of Twenty-Seven
Murders.
Says That He Was Under the Spell
of the Damned, and Is
Lost.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 10.— A
local paper will print to-morrow what pur
ports to be sentences from the concession
alleced to have been made by Murdeier
H. H. Holmes.
In prefacing the confession, which cov
ers in full nearly three new&paper pages,
written in Holmes' own writing, detailing
with a minuteness that is simply at times
revolting, the arch mntilator and author
of twenty-seven murders, as he admits
himself to be. states, with something hse
pathos, that he does so simply that he
may obtain enough money to educate
his boy.
Regret is never for a moment expressed,
and he comes out boldiy and without
compunction on his very opening with the
statement, "I was born with the very
devil in me.' 1
He believes he is fully under the spell
of the damned, and, despite the assertions
to the contrary that he is receiving the at
tentions of a minister of God and is grad
ually becoming imbued with, the spirit of
forgiveness and religion, he feels he is lost
hopelessly.
"I couldn't help the fact that I was a
murderer any more than the poet can help
the inspiration to song, nor the ambition
of an intellectual man to be great," he
continues. "I was born with the evil one
standing as my sponsor beside the bed
where I was ushered into the world and he
has been with me since.
"The inclination to murder came to me
as naturally as the inspiration to do right
comes to the majority of persons. Where
others' hearts were touched with pity mine
were tilled with cruelty, and where
in others the feeling was to save
life I reveted in the thought of
destroying it. Not only that, I was not
satisfies in taking it in the ordinary way.
I sought devices strange, fantastical and
even grotesque. It gave me joy to work
my murderous will,; and I reveled in it
with the enthusiasm of an alchemist who
is hot on the trail of the philosopher's
stone."
SAISI FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1896.
"You can't play in my back yard."
VON KOTZE'S
LATEST VICTIM
Wounds Baron v. Schrader
in a Duel With
Pistols.
THIRD IN THE SERIES
Principals Stand Ten Paces
Apart and Fire Until One
Is Disabled.
AN OLD SCANDAL IS REVIVED
Sensational Encounters Grow Out of
Accusations Against the Ex-Court
Chamberlain.
BERLIN, Germany, April la— A duel
with pistols was fought this morning near
Potsdam between Lieberechtvon Kotze,ex
court chamberlain, and Baron yon Schra
der, master ol ceremonies ot the Prussian
court, in which the latter was severely
wounded in the right breast. The con
ditions of the duel were that the princi
pals should stand ten paces apart and
shoot until one was disabled.
Yon Schroder was taken to a hospital,
and Dr. Bergmann was summoned to his
bedside.
It was found that he had been shot in
the abdomen, and it is feared that his
wound is iatal.
The combat grew out of the old scandal
connected with the writing of a series of
anonymous letters affecting the character
of a number of court personages which
Yon Kotze was suspected of having writ
ten. He was subsequently exonerated,
however, and has since been involved in
several encounters with persons who had
accused him or intimated their suspicions
of his euilt.
Last April Count yon Kotze issued
challenges for twelve duels, and the latest
encounter is the tßird in the series. To
day he reiterated his determination to
continue the battle against his enemies
until he had paid off every score against
them.
About a year ago Berlin society was
tnrown into a great flutter by the scatter
ing about the city of a cloud of anony
mous letters, descending upon high and
low alike, upon the just and unjust. It
has been asserted that not even the inu
perial family was spared the receipt of
these missives, and it is known that the
gravest charges, were contained in them
against members of the Emperor's house
hold. So, also, were grave charges made
against every person of prominence in the
court circle, and against a great many per
sons who were not prominent.
The facts of the scandal were kept from
the newspapers for a long time, though so
ciety talked of nothing else, and at last
the story got into print. In the meantime
the best detectives in Germany had been
put on the case, and soon rumor whis
pered that the Court Chamberlain, Yon
Kotze, was under grave suspicion. The
chamberlain had many enemies. By
reason of his position that was unavoid
able. These enemies caught up the story
of his guilt, telling it in a manner which
left no doubt of the fact, and what they
said seemed to have been borne out by the
arrest of Yon Kotze on a charge of hav
ing written the letters and his consequent
degradation from office.
Count Yon Kotze was tried for the of
fense and acquitted. He had denied his
guilt vehemently all along, and after he
was. set free by the courts he swore he
would be avenged on his enemies.
All Officially Denied.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 10.
— The reports that the Rev. Dr. Knapp,
the American missionary who was ex
pelled from Bitlis, is imprisoned at
Diarbekir; that the Sultan intends to ex
pel all missionaries from the Turkish do
minions, and that there is a panic at
Suediah, owing to the presence of an un
common number of troops, are all officially
denied.
ORGANIZATION OF ANARCHISTS.
In South Germany the Police Claim to
Have Made Important Dis
coveries.
BERLIN, Germany, April 10. — The
Herald Bureau circulates the report that
the police have discovered in South Ger
many the existence of a secret anarchist
organization of wide ramifications. The
police pursuing this discovery searched
the houses of the well-known anarchists,
Lindemann and Huber. in Munich, where
they seized 1800 collection tickets, de
signed to be issued for the solicitation of
funds, together with a large number of
copies of a leading socialist newspaper.
Alliance With Jterrithe.it.
ROME, Italy, April 10.— It is affirmed
that King Menelek has hastily sent an
envoy into the Be^omeder province as
nearer of a large quantity of coffee and
other presents, with instructions to treat
for an alliance with the dervishes.
May Ditaolve, the Chamber.
LONDON, England, April 10. — The
Daily News will have to-morrow a dis
patch from Paris saying that the Cabinet
is seriously considering the question of
dissolving the Chamber.
Krplosion of Firedamp.
MADRID, Spain, April 10.— An explo
sion of firedamp occurred in a coal mine
at Wallannva to-day. Four persons were
killed and a number injured.
Officially Denied.
ROME, Italy, April 10.— Official denial
is made here of all the rumors which have
been in circulation regarding the abandon
ment ot Kassala.
MURDERED IN HAVANA
Rumor Is Current That Consul-
General Williams Has Been
Killed.
It Is Also Reported Tbat H s Body
Was Dragged Through the
Streets.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 10.— A spe
cial cable to the Herald from Madrid says:
Rumor is current here in the cafes and
streets that Consul-General Williams has
been murdered in Havana and his body
dragged through the streets. Excitement
prevails throughout the city in conse
quence of this report, but the authorities
have no knowedge of any such event.
It is also rumored that Maceo is dead,
and that in the battle yesterday the rebels
lost 500 men. No confirmation of these re
ports can be obtained here.
The Late Colonel John A. Cockerill, Who Died Suddenly at Cairo Yesterday.
DEATH CLAIMS
A NOTED WRITER
Colonel John A. Cockerill
Expires Suddenly
at Cairo.
ACTIVE TO THE LAST.
Was One of the Best Known
and Most Successful of
Newspaper Men.
DECORATED BT THE MIKADO.
As an Editor and Correspondent He
Had Few Equals in the
United States.
CAIRO. Egypt, April 10.— Colonel John
A. Cockerill, the well-known American
newspaper editor and correspondent, died
suddenly at Shepherd's Hotel to-day.
Death was caused by apoplexy. Colonel
Cockerill recently arrived here from Japan,
where he had spent some time as the cor
respondent of the New York Herald. He
was representing the same paper in Cairo.
John A. Cockerill was one of the most
successful and widely known newspaper
men in the United States. He entered the
profession when a mere boy, and, except
for the period when a drummer at the
front in the Civil War, he continued in it,
rising even higher to positions of greater
authority and wider usefulness.
Colonel Cockerill has been at different
times editor of the Washington Post, the
Baltimore Gazette, the St. Louis Post-Dis
patch, the New York World and Commer
cial Advertiser.
In February, 18S9, he went to Japan as
correspondent of the New York Herald,
and his work there attracted world-wide
attention. Colonel Cockerill left Japan
only a few weeks ago, after the Mikado
had bestowed upon him one of the most
coveted decorations, that of the Sacred
Treasure. He was resting in Cairo for a
while studying the Anglo-Egyptian cam
paign before leaving for home, when he
was suddenly stricken.
ST. 10TJIS, Mo., April 10.— Colonel John
A. Gockerill, whose sudden death is an
nounced from Cairo, was for a number of
years managing editor of the Evening
Post- Dispatch of this city. His vigorous
attacka upon Colonel J. O. Broadhead and
Alonzo W. Slayback, prominent politicians
of National fame, led to a personal en
counter in the office of the Post>Dispatch
on October 13, 1882, between Cockerill and
Slayback. The latter was shot and killed.
Cockerill was exonerated upon prelimin
ary examination. This shadow ultimately
forced him to leave St. Louis for New
York.
FARMHOUSES BLOWN AWAY.
Great Damage Done by Fierce Wind and
Rain Storms in Southeastern
lowa.
OTTUMWA, lowa, April 10.— A fierce
wind and hail storm visited Southeastern
lowa early this morning, amounting
almost to a cyclone in this place. A heavy
rain accompanied by large Hailstones and
a high wind visited Lucas and caused the
inhabitants to seek protection in caves.
South of town the storm assumed the
velocity of a cyclone.
Si Brown's barn containing a carriage
and farm implements was blown away
and scattered all over that section. Simi
lar occurrences are reported. It is impos
sible to estimate the damape. No one
was hurt. A number of farm buildings
were blown away. In Lucas County
houses, barns and trees were demolished.
The damage and ruin throughout the sec
tion is very heavy. Hail fell two or thfee
inches deep along the BuTlington and
VVabash railroads.
ALL HANDS ARE DROWNED.
Captain John Faunce, His Son Percy and
a Crew of Seven Perish
in a Storm.
CAPE HENRY, Va., April 10.— Captain
John Faunce and his son Percy of Wash
ington, D. C, were drowned to-day, with
their crew of seven cojored men. Captain
Faunce was renewinz his sturgeon nets,
which are located on the coast just below
Virginia Beach. The ocean swell has been
very heavy for the past two days, due to
easterly storms off shore, and this after
noon as Captain Faunce was making a
trip to the fishing grounds, which are
about a half mile off shore, several heavy
breakers came suddenly upon the frail
craft. The first and second breakers wero
passed all right, but the next, which was
unexpected and unusually heavy, struck
the little craft, capsized it and drowned
all hands.
SAYS PHELAN IS A COWARD.
Page, Who Accepted the Challenge to Fight
in Place of Linton, Grows
Wrathy.
BTJTTE, Mont., April 10.— It has just been
made public that when Congressman Lin
ton declined to accept the challenge of
Captain Thomas Pheian of Kansas City, it
was accepted in his behalf by Cyrus E.
Page, a well-known old-timer of Butte.
Page selected rifles at seventy-five yards,
but Pheian claimed he was now the chal
lenged party and wanted to use rifles at
ten paces. Page said to-day that he be
lieved Pheian a coward and a blowhard
and claims he is the challenged party,
having simply accepted the challenge for
Linton.
JCXPJEJLIjED JtT THE CLUB.
Rawton Too Anxiouß to Havm the Prince
of Ha lea a Member.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 10.-The
board of manage™ of the XIII Club held
a special meeting to-night at the Hotel
Richelieu and expelled A. L. Rawson of
Woodcliff, N. J., from membership. The
charges are that on or between the 17th
day of February, 1896, and the 13th day of
March, 1896, Rawson garbled and altered a
letter received by him on behalf of the
club from Sir Richard Nollys so as to
make it appear that his Royal Highness,
the Prince of Wales, accepted honorary
membershiD in the XIII Club, when, in
fact, he declined the same, and that Raw
son sent the club what purported to be a
true copy of the letter from Sir Richard
Nollys, when, in fact, it was the copy ot a
garbled letter.
TO TAKE THE OFFENSIVE
British Forces in Matabeieland
Will Hold Out Against
the Natives.
Reports Indicate That the English
May Soon Crush the
Insurrection.
LONDON, Eng., April 10.— In the House
of Commons to-uay Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, stated in reply to a question on
the subject that the British forces now in
Matabeieland would be able to hold out
acainst the natives who are now in revolt
and that they would even take the offen
sive when the whites in the outlying dis
tricts had been gathered in.
Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of
Cape Colony, he said, had expressed his
opinion that these forces, together with
the companies which were being formed
at Mafeking, would be sufficient to crush
the insurrection.
Mr. Chamberlain, continuing, said that
he had, nevertheless, informed Sir Hercu
les Robinson that the Government would
sanction any preparations which he might
deem necessary for a prompt supression of
the uprising, and was ready to re-enforce,
if required, the garrisons in the Cape Col
ony and Natal. This statement was re
ceived wita cheers.
Kruger Wanted in "London.
LONDON, Eng., April 10.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Pretoria saying that the Right Hon.
Joseph Chamberlain, British Colonial Sec
retary, has asrain telegraphed to President
Kruger, complaining of his delay in de
ciding upon accepting Mr. Chamberlain's
invitation to visit London to discuss mat
ters pertaining to the Transvaal.
Manitoba School Question.
OTTOWA, Ont., April 10.— The House
of Commons in committee of the whole is
still wrestling with' tne motion that the
committee rise and report progress on the
Manitoba school question which was made
at 2:30 o'clock this morning. The House
has been in continuous session 102 hours.
Death of Zady Charlotte.
; LONDON, - England, April % 10. — Lady
Charlotte \ Mount * Stephen, wife vof Baron
Mount ; Stephen, formerly president of the
Canadian Pacific * Railway, died at ij her
residence at 25 St. James place, this city,
to-daji.v: ; '■'.'' : "';.■ "-■;•■ "..■;■".-,■■.; '■■■■- •: '■ -:-;-■ ■'
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBAN REBELS
MAKE ATTACKS
No Longer Wait for the
Spanish to Begin
Battle.
TO FORCE THE FIGHTING
An Unsuccessful Assault Upon
the Garrison at Guira de
Melena.
ARE YET BURNING PROPERTY.
Numerous Engagements to Be Fol
lowed by a Battle- That Wi.l
Decide the War.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 10.— Insurgents
attacked tbe town of Guira de Melena,
province of Havana, in considerable num
bers last night. They attempted to de
ceive the garrison with cries of "Viva
Espana" and bugle calls employed by the
Spanish troops. The ruse did not work,
however, and the rebels were repulsed
with some losses. The insurgents burned
the Victoria estate near the town. They
are believed to belong to the party ot
Nunez.
The Alcalde of Guira reports the rebeli
moving west toward Alquisara.
Another party of rebels burned the
town of San Matias, situated near the
coast of Havana.
There are said to be 3000 rebels in
the vicinity of San Miguel, between Ha
vana and Matanzas. The leader of this
force is not known.
Guayabel, near the western line of the
province of Havana, has been burned by
tne insurgents.
The official report of the fight on the
Fermina ranch, near Jovellanos, Btates
that the rebels lost eight killed. The
troops lost sevsn wounded. The Spaniards
pursued the rebels and in skirmishes
killed eighteen, without loss to themselves.
Thirty-four volunteers, while foraging
near Camajuani, were attacked by 140
rebels, who used machetes. A lieutenant
and four volunteers were killed and a lieu
tenant was wounded.
A band of rebels commanded by "Ingle
sito" and others entered the town of
Bermija, province of Matanzas, ana de
spite the heroic resistance of the troops in
the forts secured some stores and burned
some houses. The rebels numbered 600,
and were well armed and well mounted.
Large numbers of rebels are coming west.
The column commanded by General
Oliver attacked a rebel camp near Rerae
dios on Sunday last. The enemy was am
bushed fifty meters from the camp. The
rebels threw dynamite bombs and fired
explosive shells. The Spaniards lost a
captain and four soldiers killed and
one lieutenant and twenty-five soldiers
wounded.
According to reports received here there
have been a number of engagements be
tween the insurgents and Spanish forces
at different parts of the Spanish trocha,
and a decisive encounter between the
rebels under Maceo and Spanish troops is
expected to occur very soon. Twenty-five
thousand troops are stationed along the
line between Maria 1 and Majana and are
kept under arms night and day.
The troops forming the garrison atGuan
ajay expected that an attack would be
made by the rebels last night, and in an
ticipation of such an event the stores in
the place were all closed and the troops re
mained on duty all night.
Colonel Hernandez reports a battle be
tween his command and parties of rebels
under Masso and Acea in the vicinity of
Las Canas. The insurgents lost four killed.
The Spanish gunboat Alerta and the fort
at Cabanas, on the north coast of the
province of Pinar del Rio, have had a bat
tle with the enemy's forces.
JUAXT AMERICANS SZA.IX.
Story of a Portland Man Who Wat
Driven From Havana.
PORTLAND, Or., April 10.— William M.
Posser, who for a lone time was a well
known salesman with Murphy, Grant &
Co., before that firm went out of business
here, returned to this city Wednesday
morning, after an absence of a number of
years. For tbe past three years he has
been a resident of Havana, Cuba, engaged
in the commission business, but last Feb
ruary he was compelled to flee from the
country.
"Press cablegrams to this country as to
the state of affairs in the Island of Cuba
are fearfully garbled in the interests of the
Spaniards," said Posser to-day, "because
the censor eliminates any objectionable
matter from them, be they private or de
sisned for the newspapers. This auto
cratic functionary has also interdicted the
transmission of all cipher cables, so as to
be able to supervise all the intelligence
going abroad from that source. The sanc
tity of the mails bas been violated by the
Spanish Government in the island, to the
extent that its postal spies have absolute
authority to intercept and open any and
all letters supposed to be conveying abroad
con traband information, or in other words
giving publicity to the outside world of
the atrocities and injustices practiced by
the Havana Government. I am person
| ally acquainted with the Cuban cor
respondents of three of the most influen
tial papers in this country, and they dare
not picture the situation in its natural
colors for fear of imprisonment, which is
almost tantamount to siow and cruel As
sassination.
"Since the Cuban resolutions in Congress
have tired the Spanish' heart with resent
ment the lives of nearly all Americans on
the island, and especially in Havana, have
been rendered insecure and extremely un
pleasant. 1 hese facts have been very
lightly touched upon by the newspaper
corespondents; but, as I intend never to
return to Cuba, T am perfectly safe in dis
cussing some things I personally know,
and which have never been printed in the
American newspapers,
i "Havana, aa well as some of the other2
large places on the island, has for years
swarmed with impecunious Americans,
employed in one way or another, but not
occupying any conspicuous positions. The
.city has for years been a place of refuge for
a number of Americans who found it ex
pedient to depart froru the United States
between two daya and bury themselves in
oblivion in the Cuban capital, never com
municating with their friends across the
water. Since the Congressional Cuban
resolutions have incensed Captain-General
Wey'.er and his co-patriots at least fifty of
those obscure Americans, whom I was
wont to meet on the streets, have van
ished.
"I personally interested myself in sev
eral of these cases and I not only received
no satisfaction, but a prominein official
etrongly hinted to me that my individual
peace might be subserved were I to abstain
from meddling with subjects not directly
concerning me. Self-preservation being
the paramount law of nature, I profited
by the suggestion. lam certain, though,
that countless Americans have in the past
four months fallen victims to the treach
erous hatred of the Spaniards, either by
cowardly assassination, or, what is worse,
by imprisonment in vermin-infested and
miasmatic dungeons.
"It was a week after I had made in
quiries regarding the missing Americans,
who disappeared from the streets of
Havana as if they had vanished in the
air, that I was arrested by two officers
wearing Spanish uniforms. They escorted
me to the cilice of one of Captain-General
Weyler's aides, who informed me that I
was suspected of being in sympathy with
the insurgents, suggesting. the advisability
of settling up business affairs with the ut
most dispatch and departing from the
island. Knowing what I did, I considered
myself in good luck in getting off so
easily, and ten days later I was in New
York. I left my interests in the hands of
a friend, not stopping to dispose of them.
The warning I had was sufficient for me
to make myself scarce as rapidly as possi
ble."
CLEVEZASD WILL, TAKE TIME,
Jn So Hurry to Act on the Cuban Reso
lutions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.— The
Cabinet meeting to-day lasted barely an
hour and a half and was apparently de
void of any exciting features. No pro
gramme of action on Cuban affairs was
submitted by the President nor were any
of the other plans outlined in sensational
dispatches brought forward. Every indi
cation point? to the President taking his
own-time and acting in his own way, if he
acts at all, on the concurrent Cuban reso
lutions of Congress. Much emphasis is
laid by those supposed to bo close to the
President upon this passage in his annual
message :
"Whatever may be tne traditional sym
pathy of our countrymen as individuals
with a people who seem to be struggling for
larger autonomy and greater freedom,
deepened as such sympatny natually must
be in behalf of our neighbors, yet the
plain duty of their Government is to ob-
Berve in good faith the recognized obliga
tions of international relationship."
O>£ AMEKICAS SHOT.
Benvjf Bridge* Executed by the Spanish
Nt Morro Cattle.
BOSTON. Mass.. April 10.— A local paper
prints the details of the capture in Cuba of
two American seamen and the
shooting of one of tnem, Henry Bridges,
in Morro Castle. The story comes from
Mate Edwin Burke of the schooner Dillo
way, now at this port, who says tnat
Bridges and himself shipped at Galveston
on the steamer Elsa Pickens, whose des
tination was unannounced. The steamer
sailed, taking a southerly course, and on
February 24 landed on the west coast of
Cuba. The cargo, consisting of 1800 rifles,
150,000 rounds of ammunition, four breech
loading field pieces, one Gatling-gun, hos
pital stores and medicines, were safely
taken ashore and packed upon the backs
of mules and started inland.
"On February 20 we left Cadena for the
interior, anJ a few hours afterward were
arrested and taken to Morro Castle and
condemned to be shot. I begged a guard
to take a noie to the United States Con
eul for me, but he refused. On the follow
ing day the guard disappeared, and two
days later I was summoned to the prison
commandants office, where I found await
ing me several American gentlemen, among
them a Mr. Wilde, who said he repre
sented Consul-General Williams. A state
ment of ray position, also a declaration
that I was an American citizen, was made
out. I informed Mr. Wilde regarding
Bridges, and he pronmea to attend to his
case at once. I was sent back to prison
and remained there several days, during
which time over forty prisoners were exe
cuted to my knowledge.
"Finally, on March 24, I was released
and sent directly to the Consul's office to
be forwarded to the United States. Bridges
was shot the day before tue Consul-General
received my communication. He, with
several others, were marched out to the
slaugnter wall and shot down like dogs
with their backs to the assassins. I was
allowed no time in which to learn the
particulars of his death."
Hotel Men En Route.
CHICAGO. 111., April 10.— Hotel men
and their families by hundreds from New
York City and State, Boston and other
New England cities, from the Western aod
Middle States and from the City concen»
trated in special trains of princely splen
dor at the Dearborn-street station, en route
to the trysting place for the annual meet
ing of the Hotel Men'B Mutual Benefit
Association— Los Angeles. The New Eng
land delegation, numbering 100 strong,
came in by special train over the Erie.
George H. BowKer of Holyoke, Mass.,
was chairman of the delegation. Their
train left at 3:50 this afternoon over the
Santa Fe route.
ZarraOetr't Embezzlement.
CHICAGO, 111., April 10.— Christopher
A. Larrabee, a nephew of ex-ttovernor
Larrabee of lowa, was arraigned before
Justice Glennon on the charge of having
embezzled $ 15, 835 of the funds of Boyd,
Stickney & Co., coal-dealers of Harrisburg,
Pa., with a branch in this city, where Lar
rabee was employed for eight years as
book-keeper and "cashier. He was com
mitted to jail in default of $20,000 bail.
He absconded a year ago, first going East
and then settling" at Monterey, Mex.
SEW TO-PAT.
Apollinaris
•THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
Supplied tinder Royal Warrants tc
Eer Majesty the Queen of England,
and to His Boyal Highness the Princt
of Wales.
JOHN CAFFREY,
47 First street, San Francisco,
REPRESENTING
Charles Graef & Co., N. V., for Mineral Waters
I
DEMOCRATS ARE
GETTING READY
Completing Arrangements
for the Convention at
Chicago.
BIG FUND GUARANTEED
Residents of the Lake City
Assure the Committee the
Money Will Bs Raised.
FORTY THOUSAND PROMISED.
The Contest for Sergeant-at-Arms
Narrowed Down to Cooper and
Erockihire.
CHICAGO, lul, April 10.— For several
hours this afternoon and evening the sub
committee of the National Democratic
Committee which has charge of the ar
rangements for the National Convention
oh July 7 was in session at the Palmer
House. Those present were: Chairman
W. F. Harrity, Philadelphia; J. G. Pra
ther, Missouri; Thomas H. Sherley, Ken
tucky; Secretary 8. Sherin, Indiana, and
Judge Adam Goodrich, who held a proxy
for Congressman Ben Cable. Mr. Harrity
also held a proxy for E. C. Wall of Wis
consin.
The entire proceedings we,re conducted
in executive session. A delegation from
the iocal committee was first received and
assured the National committeemen that
of the fund of $40,000 that had been guar-
anteed when the convention was voted to
Chicago more than one-half had been
raised and that the balance would be
forthcoming whenever it was required.
This report was regarded as eminently
satisfactory.
The statement was made unofficially that
a check for $20,000, or one-half of the
guarantee, would be presented to Chair
man Harrity to-morrow. President John
j T. Dickinson, who was present with other
' officers of his company, submitted data
from tbe contractors showing tnat the
; Colliseum would be ready for occupancy
six weeks in advance of the date set for
i the convention. Plans of the proposed
interior arrangements for the convention
! were submitted, and it was agreed they
! should be carefully examined to-morrow.
Nothing was said or done to-day con
cerning the selection of a sergeant-at
arras. but it is probable that this question
will be disposed of to-morrow evening. At
the last meeting Ciiairman Harrity was
i taken to understand that if Pennsylvania
wanted the appointment it could have ft,
, and he had about settled upon John H.
! Curley, formerly of the Philadelphia Rec-
I ord. Mr. Curley, however, cannot spare
j the time, and Mr. Harrity has no other
I candidate. This apparently narrows the
contest to John S. Cooper of this city and
ex-Congressman Brookshire of Crawfords
ville, Ind. After the selection of a ser
geunt-at-arms, a local committee will take
up the matter of press accommodations.
MOMIOy C\CJLB CLUB.
Sew Yorker* Who Will Go to St. Louis
on Their Wheels.
NEW YORK, JBf. V., April 10.— Joseph
R. Clark, a Kings County delegate to the
National Republican Convention, will go
to St. Lcuis on a bicycle. Alderman Clark
has organized a club of Brooklyn Repub
licans who will accompany him. The
organization is called the Morton Cycle
Legion.
The legion will take two weeks to reach
the convention. They will carry a banner
with the slogan "Morton and Victory" on
one side and the State coat of arms on the
other. Already there are abnut 1000 wheel
men from this State and others that the
procession will pass through who have
announced their desire to join the long
parade. The legion was organized by
Brooklyn Republicans, who tooK this
means of thankijig Governor Morton for
signing the Glenmore-avenue bicycle bill.
VICTORY FOR THE WOMEN.
They .Score a Sweeping Success in One
Election.
TOPEKA, Kans., April 10.— The enfran
chised women of Eilis, Kans., scored a
sweeping victory at the recent municipal
election. A complete ticket of women
candidates was nominated and all were
elected with the exception of Mrs. Clara
Sheldon, candidate for Police Judge, who
was defeated by a majority of five.
Mrs. M. A. Wade, proprietor of a large i
millinery aud dry-goods store, was elected
Mayor, and Airs. Violet Gay lor, Mrs. Lillian
Hussey, Mrs. Emma Shields and Mrs.
Ella Newcomer were elected members of
the council by average majorities of
twenty. , ; ,- v ,:  ;■■.-,
Rhode Inland Republican*.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., April 10.-The
Republican State Convention met here to
day. Resolutions were adopted declaring
that "the Republicans of Rhode Island
are inflexibly opposed to free and unlim
ited coinage of silver, and believe the
continued agitation of what is called the
silver question to be unpatriotic and de
structive of all the interests of industry
and commerce."
The deieeates-at-large elected to the
National convention are: Edward L. Free
man of Lincoln, Frank Olney of Provi
dence, Samuel W. K. Allen of East Green
wich and Albert L. Chester of Westerly.
First District— John P. Banborn, George
L. Smith. Second District— Walter A.
Reed, Charles Francis.
Mitt 1* Jtenotninated.
FREEPORT, lix., April 10.—Congress
man R. R. Hitt was renominated by ac
clamation by the Republicans of the Ninth
district at to-day's convention. Tbe dele
pates to St. Louis were instructed fox Mc-
Kinley.
ISIUQXAIION OF POLES.
They Object to 7T-; ■■-■■■■■'■•„■ in
Thty Object to Certain Tjitngiiage Used in
Congresi.
CHICAGO, lix., April 10.— Fire thou
sand Polish citizens of Chicago assembled
in a nail last night to give expression to
their indignation and to enter a protest
against the further insult to their nation
on the floor of the United States Senate.
Every Polish organization and every sec
tion of the city were represented. Speeches
were made in Yarlous languages. M. J.
Seamelt, editor of the Polish Daily News,
denounced the Senators in his mother
tongue, calling them A. P. A.'s. denying
that the Poles were criminals and danger
ous people, and calling all tbere who so
accused them liars and perjurers.
At the close of the addresses resolutions
were unanimously adopted. The resolu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
tions set forth the causes of ihe Polish in
dignation and denounce Senator Lodge
and Congressman Johnson for their re
marks. These resolutions will be printed
in large numbers and sent to all Polish
organizations throughout the country, and
all will be asked to assist in presenting to
Congress the earnest protest of 1,500,000
Poles who are to-day citizens of the United
Btatea. It was determined to hold a series
of similar meetings at dates to be arranged
in different parts of the country.
SLOWLY STRANGLED TO DEATH.
Terrible Fate of a Little Girl at Hobcken
While Feeding Pigeons on
a Roof.
NEW YORK, N. V., April lO.^Augusta
Karish, 11 years old, a daughter of Karl
Karish of Hoboxen, met death yesterday
in a simple yet horrible manner. She
hanged herself accidentally, and then
slowly strangled to death. The family
live on Penhorn avenue. Augusta was the
oldest child. She had a cote of trained
pigeons, which she kept on the roof and
fed daily.
Yesterday Mrs. Karish went to New
York, leaving Augnsta to take care of the
other children. After her mother had
gone the little one climbed the ladder to
the roof, where she performed her daily
task. In returning, she was holding the
trapdoor which leads from the roof with
one hand, and had the othVr on the rung
of the ladder. The door was heavy and
began to slip as she was about to take the
next step. She missed her footing, letting
go her hold on the trapdoor at the same
insta-nt. The door fell on her neck. With
her head projecting from the roof, her
body dangling over the ladder, the little
one 'slowly died.
She had been dead several hours when
her mother returned, and, searching for
her, was horrified to see her fastened in
the unique deathtrap.
FOR THE FORTIFICATIONS.
Completion of the Appropriation
Bill by the House Com
mittee.
Among the Items Authorized Is a
Sum for the Improvement of
Benicia Arsenal.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.— The
House Appropriations Committee to-day
completed the fortifications appropriation
bill for the coming fiscal year and directed
Hannon of Neoraska to report it to the
House.
The measures as agreed to recommend
specific appropriations amounting to
$5,842,337, and in addition gives authority
to the Secretary of War to mate contracts
involving the further expenditure of
$5,542,276, under the engineer and ordnance
departments, making a total expenditure
authorized by the bill of $11,384,613.
Among the items in the bill is one appro
priating $5,200,000 for eun and mortar bat
teries and $250,000 for sites for fortifica
tions. Another item appropriates $4500
for the improvement of Benicia Arsenal,
Cal.
The bill contains appropriations in con
tinuance of the policy adopted by the
Fiftieth, Fifty-nrst, Fifty-second and Fifty
third Congresses. The appropriations for
the eight hscal years, 1889-1896, aggregate
$22,489,224, or an average of $2,811,128 per
annum.
Of the item of $5,200,000 for pun and
mortar batteries $1,885,000 is appropriated
and contracts are authorized for the re
mainder.
The paragraph for armament of forti
fications authorizes the Secretary of War
to procure, Dy manufacture or purchase,
after due advertisement, oil-tempered and
annealed steel for (estimated) twelve B
inch, eighteen 10-inch, eighteen 12-inch
and one 16-inch high-power coast-defense
guns, to cost not exceeding $1,332,038, of
which $490,000 is appropriated for expendi
ture up to March, 1897.
Other items under this paragraph are
for carriages for thirty-four 8-inch guns,
thirty 10-inch guns and seventeen 12-inch
guns, $1,114,500, of which $680,000 is ap
propriated; for sixty 12-inch steel mor
tars, $810,000, of which $216,000 is appro
priated; carriages for same, $378,000, of
which $168,000 is appropriated; for deck
piercing and other shells for same, $163,
--800, of which $109,200 is appropriated; for
armor-piercing shots, $98,378, of which
$65,800 is appropriated; for finishing eight
10 and 12 inch guns at array gun factory
$343,168.
It is estimated that fifty-two 8-inch,
sixty-three 10-inch and forty-three 12-inch
guns will be completed by June 30,1897,
at an expenditure, including the amount
named, of $1,217,168.
To complete contracts already made with
the Bethlehem Iron Company for nine B
ineh, nine 10-inch and four 12-inch guns,
$497,449; for twenty-five rapid-fire guns
(5-inch and 2.27 inch), $150,000; for field
guns and mortars, including carriages,
$194,000; for siege suns ana mortars, in
cluding carriages, $256,230.
The bill contains a proviso that all ma
terial purchased under it shall be of Amer
ican manufacture, except when in the
judgment it is to the manifest advantage
of the Government to purchase them
abroad in limited quantities, which mate
rials shall be admitted free of duty.
Extradition of Adatna.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 10.-Perry
A. Ciay.Under Sheriff of Arapahoe County,
Colo., called at the State Department to
day and secured the papers necessary to
obtain the extradition from England of
Matt S. Adams, the late clerk of that
county, who was arrested at Southampton
last week on the charge of being a de
faulter to the extent of f 40, 000. Adams is
held in London. Mr. Clay will sail for
England without delay, armed with the
papers obtained from the State Depart
ment, the necessary evidence and a war
rant from President Cleveland constitut
ing him a law officer of the United States.
Senator Morgan* Condition.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10—8en
ator Morgan is reported to be somewhat
improved to-day, having slept well last
night, but it is believed that the improve
ment is only temporary and that in a
short time he must succumb to his malady.
A iteleqat.fi From Alaska.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.-The
Senate Committee on Territories this
morning ordered a favorable report on the
bill provldinK for the election of a Del
egate in Congress for the Territory of
Alaska.
Merchant** Bar Jiteociation.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Ayril 10.— Tne
Merchants' iiar Association of the United
States is no more. Alter a stormy session
to-night tbe members unanimously agreed
that it would be impossible for them to
come to an agreement. The death of the
association was due to the fact that it
could not control the output, and many of
its members refused to be bound by its
action in the effort to raise prices because
of fear of outside competition. A new as
sociation may be formed to-morrow.
DEBATES ON THE
INDIAN SCHOOLS
Senators Not in Favor of
Making the Changes
Proposed.
ACTION IS POSTPONED.
Call Introduces a Joint Resolu
tion Relating to the May
brick Case.
AS TO CONTEMPT OF COUET.
Debs May Yet Secure Legislation to
Restrain United States
Tribunals.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.— The
main portion of the session of the Senate
to-day was taken np by the Indian appro
priation bill, the House proposition abol
ishing the system of contract schools for
Indian children giving rise to a long and
rather interesting discussion. There was
almost a unanimity of sentiment against a
sudden change of system from contract
schools to Government schools, and there
was an almost equal unanimity for such a
gradual change as would not do injustice
either to the religious societies which had
established the schools or to the Indian
children who attended them. The* matter
went over, however, without action.
Later in the day a joint resolution relat
ing to the imprisonment of Mrs. May brick
in England, was introduced by Call of
Florida, to the apparent annoyance ot
Sherman of Ohio, chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, who declared
that such a proposition should not have
been introduced, as the Senate had no
juiisdictiou over the subject. He moved
to lay the joint resolution on the table,
but finally consented to have it referred
to the Judiciary Committee, which dis
position was made of it.
Call inquired of the Judiciary Committee
whether that committee had made any
progress in the consideration of the matter
heretofore referred to as to the legislation
necessary to restrain United States courts
in cases of contempt. He made inquiry,
he said, at the request of Eugene V. Debs,
one of the leaders of the labor movement
in the United States. \
Hoar, chairman of the Judiciary Com
mittee, stated that the matter had been
referred to Senator HiJl as a substitute
committee and he bad undertaken to
make a careful collection of the laws on
the subject and prepare a measure in com
mittee. A carefully prepared bill on the
subject had been introduced yesterday by
another member of the committee. The
committee was hurrying with it as rapidly
as the nature of the case admitted. How
soon the matter would be ripe for a report
by the committee was a question which
ought to be addressed to the Senator froni
New York, who was not then present.
A bill giving the aid of the Government
to the Trans-Mississippi and International
Exposition at Omaha in 1898 was passed,
and the Senate at 5:20 o'clock adjourned
until Monday.
FAOCJ££I>IJSOB IS THE IIOCSE.
Considerable Opposition to the "Filled
.'■:{' c/M**».mii. ;=-. - • : ..;.-■,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.—Gen
eral debate was concluded to-day upon the
"filled-cheese" bill, which was begun yes*
terday afternoon. The chief advocates of
the measure were Grc-svenor (R.) of Ohio,
Tawney (R.) of Minnesota and Dolliver
(R.) of lowa. It was opposed by McMil
lan (D.) of Tennessee. Otey (D.) of Vir
ginia, Evans (R.) of Kentucky, Linney (R. )
of North Carolina and others.
The bill will be further considered to
morrow under the live-minute rule for
amendment. The objection of several of
those who spoke to-day was not to the
principle of the bill but to the extent of
taxation sought to be imposed.
Efforts will be made to reduce the rate
of tax and the schedule of licenses, and if
this be accomplished the opposition to the
bill will be comparatively feeble.
The appropriation bill for fortifications
and coast defenses for the year ending
June 80, 1897, was reported by Hainer (R.)
of Nebraska, and placed on the calendar.
Among the bills pasued by the House
was a bill appropriating $1290 to repay
J. J. Lints for money withheld from his
salary as custodian of public property at
Erie. Pa., in 1872, for loss of property for
which he was not responsible.
At 5 o'clock the House took a recess
under the rules till 8 o'clock, the evening
session to be for the consideration of pri
vate pension bills.
The evening session of the House was
marked by a slight outbreak in the Repub
lican ranks against the policy of increas
ing the pensions of widows of general offi
cers. Several such bills had bsen acted on
by the House in committee of the whole
and when the last one came up McCall
(R.) of Tennessee said that if that policy
was to be continued, while widows of
private soldiers could get no such consid
eration, he, for one, did not propose to at
tend anymore Friday-night sessions.
Pickler (R.) of South Dakota, replying
to McCall's remarks, said the maximum
limit of the pension of the widow of a pri
vate soldier had beien increased from $8 to
$30 a month, but there had been no in
crease of the limit of officers' widows' pen
sions.
A lively colloquy occurred between Pick
ler and H cmen way (R.) of Indiana, the
latter of whom questioned the statement
of the former regarding the committee's
action on bills. Pickler declined to be in
terrogated by Hemenway, and the latter
cried, "Yon don't dare to permit a ques
tion," to which Pickler replied that the
gentleman did not want any information;
that he had misrepresented the committee
in what he said.
During the evening nine bills were acted
upon in committee of the whole and three
of them were passed in the House before
the hour of 10 :30 caused an adjournment
until to-morrow.
league of Musicians.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.-At
the station of the National League of
Musicians to-day officers were elected as
follows: President, Alexander Decamerof
New York City ; first vice-president, J. A.
Nachman of Bal timore : second vice-presi
dent, John Eschiuann of Minneapolis;
third vice-president, Frank Arrico ot Bir
mingham, Ala. ; treasurer, George Schotts
of Cincinnati; secretary, Jacob Been of
Philadelphia ; executive board — Harry
Cadmus of Buffalo, E. W. Ruhe of Phila
delphia. Jacob Small of Cincinnati, C. O.
Broch of Chicagjb and Walter Chrisman of
Salt Lake.
08-4J.V AMD LIVESTOCK.
lHt*r*Hina Statistics Gathered by the
Aaricultural Department.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.— The
United States Department of Agriculture
to-day issued a report of the condition of
winter grain and the health of livestock
April 1, 1896, which says that consolidated
reports from townships, county and State
correspondents, show the condition of win
ter wheat is as follows: Ohio 56, Michigan
82, Indiana 77, Kentucky 70, Illinois 81,
Missouri 75, Kansas 88, California 91; aver
age for the entire country, 771 ; last year,
81.4.
Dry weather at seeding time, from which
scarcely a county was exempt, largely re
tarded or prevented germination, and the
winter covering of snow wss exceptionally
scanty. Rye suffered in most States less
than wheat. In Nebraska, Kansas and
westward there was less winter killing
than usual, owing to.-.the mild season, and
present conditions are reported favorable.
Condition of horses 97.6, of cattle 98, of
sheep 98.5, of swine 93.3, whicn is an im
provement in every case over last year.
The mortality of cattle and sheep was low.
explained by the mild winter. The loss of
swine was heaviest in the important Mis
sissippi River States, Illinois, lowa and
Missouri, all reporting 20 per cent or over.
Volunteer Officer:
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 10.— The
Curtis bill, which permits volunteer offi
cers who were promoted during the late
war but not mustered in with the pro
moted rank to be discharged with this
latter ranu, was ordered to be favorably
reDorted to-day by the House Military
Committee. It was amended, however, so
as to prevent the officers in question from
receiving the back pay "and allowances
which might attach to such promotion.
HEARD THE BILL READ
Members of the House Committee
Consider Pacific Railroads
Agreed on Huntington's Refunding
Scheme, but There Will Be
Oppcs tion.
WASHINGTON, D. ft, April 10.— Ten
of the members of the House Committee
on Pacific Railways met this afternoon
and considered for two hours the bill to
settle the indebtedness of the Central and
Union Pacific railways to the Government,
which was prepared by a joint sub-com
mittee of the House and Senate a few days
ago, the principal provisions of which
have been already made public.
Tne bill, which is a long one, was read
by the chairman, Powers of Vermont, and
when each section was finished the various
members questioned him as to the sepa
rate provisions.
No change wad made in the measure, nor
was any conclusion reached by the com
mittee.
The purpose of the members, except
those who formulated the measure, was to
secure information respecting it. Another
meeting will be held on Monday.
One of the members of the committee
said to The Call correspondent that al
though the details of the bill may be
changed in some particulars its general
features will remain as now. Th« bill will
be reported to the House on Monday. It
is believed that Huh bard of Missouri will
make a minority report.
HF.AKD BED BRAT, BWAISE.
The House Committee Asked for a Ha
waiian Cable Subsidy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.— The
House Committee on Interstate and For
eign Commerce to-day heard General
Wager Swayne of New York, representing
the Spalding Cable Company, regarding
the construction of a cable to the Hawaiian
Islands. If the United States made a con
tract for building a cable and granted a
subsidy there were two companies that
wanted the contracts. His company was
willing to meet any terms the Scrymser-
M organ Company would offer. His com
pany would build for the smallest possible
sum, but would not undertake to build with
out a subsidy. It would build the cable to
Japan via Honolulu for a subsidy of $160 -
000 per year. '
NEW TO-DAY.
NOT SENSATIONAL
But a plain statement of facts. - Mr. F. Pauson, :
, ; , , retiring from the firm of Hyams, Pauson & Co.,
. . . • causes, them to sell their immense stock of Men's,
Boys' and Children's
CLOTHING
AT LESS THAN
Manufacturer's
Cost.
It's the greatest sacrifice of Fine Clothing
and Furnishing Goods ever known and - such
-WONDERFUL, BARGAINS that we are ■•
. ■ rapidly : closing ; out our ■ entire stock. Our •■" \ * •'.. ;
■ * •'■'-■■-'■' 'ftfooftt/IITTAAT'' v ''O-i ; T-'p' : '
DISSOLUTION SALE
Is attaining greater proportions every
day. NO WONDER, witn such
:■ STARTLING REDUCTIONS.
$7.50-— — — $7.50—==««57.50
Men's Suits, ?
FORMER : PRICES-SIO, $11, $12, $15. Single and Double Sacks md Frocks.
$7.50— ——57.50— -—--$7.50
Men's Overcoats,
FORMER PRICES— SIO, $12, $13 50, $15. Great Variety of Colors and Styles.
$7.50 - - $7.50 - = $7.50 .
Prices Reduced in Every 'Department. It's a :
■■ ' - r '•>' '■ '■ " • : Chance of a-. Lifetime. ■•'"' ' -■■■;• - ' - >
HYAMS, PAUSON & CO.,
Wholesale Manufacturers of Fine Clothing
Selling Direct to the Public, /
S. E. Corner Post and Kearny Sts.
FEARFUL CRIMES
OF AN ATTORNEY.
Started In by Shooting the
President of a Lumber
Company.
THE VICTIM A CLIENT
Going to His Home the Assassin
Killed His Wife and Three
Children.
AND THEN COMMITTED SUICIDE
It Was a Most Peculiar Tragedy and
the Motive Has Not Yet
Developed.
PENTWATER, Mich., April 10.-S. B.
Minshall, an attorney of this town, made
a probably successful attempt last night to
assassinate William B. O. Sands, president
of the Sands & Maxwell Lumber Company.
After leavirg Sands for dead Minshall
went to his home and shot his wife and
three children dead, and then committed
suicide by shooting himself through the
head.
Sands had been working in the office of
the company and started home about 9 :30
o'clock. When within a few rods of his
home a man jumped out from behind a
tree and fired at him. Sands broke into a
run, the would-be assassin following him
closely and firing at his victim every few
seconds. Five shots in all were fired, two
striking Sands in the arm and one in the
leg. As Sands reached his door he fell
and his assailant, probably thinking be
had killed him, turned and fled. Sands'
cries for help aroused members of his
household and a physician was summoned
and the police notified.
Sands' right arm was so badly shattered
that it was found necessary to amputate
it, and he was in a critical condition from
the shock. There was no known motive
for the attempt on Mr. Sands' life, as i.e.
wae not known to have an enemy.
Tho police were unable to unearth a clew,
and about 4:30 o'clock it was decided to
anlist the services of S. B. Minshall, Mr.
Sands' attorney. A messenger was sent to
his house. Failing to arouse any of the
family, he became suspicious that some
thing was wrong and forced an entrance.
Entering a bedroom the messenger found
the bodies of Minsball, his wife and three
children. All five had been shot, and had
been dead for some hours. It is supposed
that Minshall after having killed Sands,
as he supposed, went to his house, shot his
wife and three children and committed
suicide.
The motive for the tragedy has not yet
developed.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., April 10.— Mr.
Sands died at 7 o'clock this evening from
the wound inflicted by Minshall.
The Texas and Pacific.
DALLAS, Tei., April 10.— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Texas
and Pacific Railroad took place to-day.
There were present G«orge J. Gould ; Mr.
Satterlee, secretary and treasurer; T. -V..
Capbell, general manager, of the Inter
national and Great Northern, and L. S.
Thome, general manager of the Texas Pa
cific. The old board of directors was re
elected. The Gould party left for El Paso
to-night.
Judge Watkins in Contempt.
PARIS, Tex., April 10.— Judge Bryant
of the Federal Court this morning ordered
that Judge J. J. Watkins of the Second
District Court of the Cboctaw Nation be
sent to jail for contempt. The visiting
Judge was drunk and reiused to testify in
a case on trial before the Federal Judge
named.
THE KING
HUDYAN.
SORE SPOTS.
If your body is partially covered with
sores which itch badly, or which run con-
tinually, or are hard to heal; or if your
hair is beginning to fall out; if your teeth
are loose or are loosening, you may be as-
sured that your blood is in a very impure
state. These symptoms frequently follow
the contraction of diseases of a private na-
ture, and they may be due too to a parent
or nurse who had some affliction. ' HUD- ;
VAN" the KING cures all these ailments
promptly and permanently. It is a purely
vegetable compound, but strong and cer-
tain in its action. It was discovered by
the physicians of the great and grand
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis St«.,
San Francisco.
The famous establishment where all cur-
able diseases are cured quickly and surely.
WEAK KNEES.
If you have been foolish enough to give
way to temptation in your youth and you
are beginning to feel the effects now,
either by having , lost your manhood or
perhaps through nightly emissions, which
will soon bring on this dread disease, you
' must lose no time in seeking complete
restoration of your vital powers. If you
■ would become "every inch a man" again
nothing equals "HUDYAN," the KING
: of all specifics. It will restore your vital-
ity, bring back your strength, will power
1 and energy. It makes weak men strong
; and nervous men full of confidence, life
and action. It can only be obtained,
though, from those eminent specialists,
the world-renowned doctors of the VV'^
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Stt.,
San Francisco.
The great and grand establishment where
hope and life are extended to all sufferers.
•
Most forms of kidney and liver diseases,
as well as blood diseases, pass away
; rapidly when "HUD AN" is used. Write
for free
"Blood Book,"
"All About the Liver," . ;
And
"A Knowledge of the Kidneys." ,
i And you can also get for the asking cir-
■ culars and testimonials of
i HUDVAN
; THE KING
t
capers-capotes; t#
; 10c a Bottle. N^ff)
: If, i- i i*i 1 : -O^
Above "Special" this week only. am
'•Smith's Weekly" fills all about • " «F •
the Specials.
Removal Sale now In progress.
Freight prepaid 100 miles and over.
' - Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for postal.
SMITHS CASH STORE,
Onrfl I nd 414-18 Front. 8. F.
■ £;•■<; , Largest Departm't Store west of Chicago.
FLOWER FESTIVALS,
FIESTAS,
ROSE CARNIVALS,
and the like, will be the delight of California
for the next two or three months.
Santa Barbara Flower Festival, the fame
of which is world-wide, and the glory of which,
like that of Solomon, is not half told, opens
April IS. Queen Flora will reign 3 day* an
arbitrary and absolute despot.
la Fiesta d« Lorn Angel**, now fixed in
the chronology of California feasts, and not
less illustrious than its older prototypes, com-
mences April 99, and the riot of fun will
spread over 4 days.
I
The Carnival of Boses, to take place In
j San Jose May €th to 9th, inclusive, though a
! more recent candidate for favors of the fun.
j loving world, yet because of the limit lesi possi-
j bilities of the Garden City for anything that ii
I made of roses, is quite as full of promise.
REDUCED RATES
Will be made by the SOUTHERN PACIFIC
COMPANY for all these brilliant' events. Ar-
I range your programmes accordingly and call
on agents for particulars. -
nCwiM inlfi
#ARNYSI
IS THE VERY Htm'!' ONE To EXAMINB
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. . My ana!
cess has been due to the merits of my work
Oflico Houw-12 to l p. m.
mmm
§Jw WPRIVATE DISPENSARY.
■ CPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
O Ing all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis- I
eases. -Over 20 years' experience. Book sent free
Pntients cured e.t Home. I'ermn reasonable, oflW
Hours, 9to 3 dally: 6:30 to S:3O evenin*'*. Sunday.
P. BOSCOE Wc3Tin.TT. !».».«
9»ij Keurny Sir— t, a»a Frand—^. Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.AMERICANS WIN
FRESH LAURELS
Sustain Their Reputations
as Athletes at Ancient
Athens.
GREEK SPORTS SOOTHED
One of Them Captures the Long
Race Over a Very Historic
Road.
ENTHUSED BY THE VICTORY.
One Member of the Royal Family
Shakes Hands With a Humble
Peasant.
ATHENS, Greece, April 10. — The
weather changed last night and this morn
ing tiie sun rose in a cloudless sky. The
atmosphere was balmy and springlike and
every condition was favorable for the car
rying out of the tifth day's programme of
the Olympic games, which included the
iinal heat? of the unfinished events of Mon
day and Tuesday.
The American competitors sustained
their reputations as athletes and carried off
a goodly thare of the honors. An im
mense crowd was present. The long dis
tance race from Marathon, over tde his
toric road followed by the messenger cen
turies ago bearing the news of the defeat of
the Persians, was won by Louis, a Greek
peasant, and his victory was greeted with
thunders of applause.
This victory has done much to soothe
the disappointment felt by the Greeks at
the downfall of some of their champion?.
In this event there were twenty competi
tors', including Arthur Blake of the Bos
ton Athletic Association. He was not able
to run the twenty-six miles and fell out.
FlacK, the Austrian, was also forced to
abandon the race. Both he and Blake
dropped out exhausted -when they had
covered half the distance.
When the winner crossed the finishing
line the spectators rose to their feet, and
for a time every souna was silenced by a
great roar of praise. Prince Constantine,
the heir apparent to the throne, was, with
other members of the royal household, in
the box set apart for the use of the King
and his family. He left his seat and,
walking to the winner, shook him heartily
by the hand.
The enthusiasm was renewed when Vasi
lakes. another Greek, came in second, and
Belokai, also a Greek, came in third. The
prize, in addition to an olive wreath, is a
handsome cup given by M. Breal, a well
known French savant and writer on myth
ologic subjects. The time of the "winner
was 2 hours and 4S minutes. Vasilakes
covered the distance in three hours.
Prior to the finish of this race other
events were decided as follows:
The lO'i-rnetres race was won by Thomas
E. B^rke of Boston in 12 seconds. Hoff
man, the German champion, was second.
The high jump was won by Ellery H.
Clark of Harvard, a member of the Boston
team, who covered 181 centimetres.
The hurdle race of 110 metres was won
by Thomas P. Curtis of Boston in 17 3-5
seconds. Goulding. the English champion,
wa? second.
The contests on the parallel bars were
won by Fiatow, a German, and Zutter, a
Swiss. The contests at climbing a pole
were won by the Greek athletes, Andri,
Kopoulos and Xenikis. The pole jump
was won by W. W. Hoyt of Harvard, of
the Boston Athletic Association, who
scored 3.30 metres. A. C. Tyler of|Prince
ton University was second, with 3.20
-metres.
The Paine brothers, Americans, won the
rifle and revolver contests.
In the high jump James B. Connolly of
the Suffolk Athletic Club, and Robert Gar
rett, captain of the Princeton team, each
acored 1.65 metres.
The city was again illuminated to-night.
Racing at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Tex>\, April 10.— There was
no regular stake event in to-day's racing
card. Attendance 2.500 and betting light.
Fix furlongs, Pctrach ■won, Denver second,
Presidio third. Time, 1:17 3 4 .
Four furlones. Goose Liver won. Albert Vale
second, Lincoln third. I'ime, :5\%.
One mile, Linda won. Assignee second,
Tranby third. Time, 1:43^.
Five furlongs, selling, Americus won. Little
Clffl H'cond, Scottish Lad third. Time, 1:05.
Seven furlongs, Hiberni Queen won, Santa
Maria second, Sumatra third. Time, l:30->^.
S: x furlongs, Towerst won, Overella second,
Boy Lochiel third. Time (unofficial), 1:16.
Denied, by Corbett.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 10.— Corbett de
nies that there is any truth in the reported
negotiations for a match between himself
and Peter Mahor. as reported this morn
ing. He emphatically declares that he
will entertain no proposition to fight any
man except Fitzsimmons.
TO AID ALL COMMERCE
Call Issued for a Most Im
portant Convention at
Detroit
Many Interesting Subjects to Be Con
sidered by Representative
Business Men.
DETROIT, Mich., April 10.— R. B. Ar
rher, secretary of the Tariff Commission
League, to-night sent out a call for a con
vention of the commercial, manufacturing,
labor and agricultural organizations of the
United States, to be held in Detroit, Tues
day, May 26. This call will first be in
dorsed by fifteen representative commer
cial bodies of the country, two of its signers
to be National labor organizations. More
than 200 commercial bodies, several of
which are National in their character.have
already signified their intention of sending
delegates to the convention.
The subjects to be acted upon are the
discussion of ways and means of taking
tne tariff question out of partisan politics
and making it a business question; the
improvement of the consular service of toe
United States and the increase of our
foreign trade, especially with the Central
and South American republics, and the
creation of a department of commerce,
inapuiac tures and labor and of making
the chief of such department a member of
ibe President's Cabinet.
The convention will be non-oolitical and
not-sectarian, ana all questions will be
discussed from a purely commercial stand
point.
WELL-DIGGIXG A TAJ*.
It Caused the Discovery of Gold in
A'rbraska.
OMAHA, NEBB.,April 10.— Gold has been
found in paying quantities in Calboun, a
small town in Washington County, about
fifteen miles north of this city, and the
greatest excitement prevails among the
farmers. Otto Wagner, in digging a well,
discovered a ledge of rock at a depth of 160
feet which on being examined by the Gov
ernment assayist here yielded $16 of gold
to the ton. . Farmers are holding their
lands at greatly advanced prices and well
digging has become a fad during the past
twenty-four hours.
RAIDS OX JiVCKET-SaOPS,
Chicago Police Arrest Many Speculators
and Manipulators.
CHICAGO, Jll., April 10.— At 3:10 p. m.
a remarkably successful laid was made
upon the Public Stock Exchange, the big
concern doing a bucket-shop business at
126 Washington street. There were over
125 men in the place at the time and the
appearance of the officers was the
signal for a grand rush. Probably fifteen
men escaped before the officers could bar
the doors, but the remainder were held
prisoners in the trading-room of the con
cern and shortly afterward transferred to
police headquarters in the City Hall. The
police and officers of the Civic Federation
then began the work of gutting the place
and the nig blackboards, tickers and other
paraphernalia were removed.
Henrietta Want* a Divorce.
YOUNGSTOWN.Omo, April 10.—Henri
etta Grossman, the actress who created
"Gloriana" and has been playing leading
parts for the Frohmans in their principal
attractions for several years, has filed a
petition for a decree of absolute divorce
from her husband, Sediey Brown, and for
the custody of their minor child, a son 9
years old. The decree is asked on grounds
of non-support and drunkenness.
"><■ I ■ idrnrr Against I nugtinn.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 10.—Sam
uel H. Langdon, who was held for the
action of the Grand Jury on suspicion of
being implicated in the death of Annie J.
McGrath, was to-day discharged from cus
tody. The Commonwealth abandoned the
prosecution owing to lack of evidence.
Killed by a Blast.
FLORENCE, Colo.. April 10.— At Bp. m.
the night shift between Adelaide and Mc-
Court set off a blast which threw rocks
across the canyon upon a tent occupied by
a large number of the day force. One
man was killed and rrany wounded, two,
at least, fatally.
OREGON FOR McKINLEY.
Republicans Select Delegates
Pledged to the Ohio
Leader.
"Sound" Money Men Fail to Defeat a
Platform Advanced by the
Silverites.
PORTLAND, Or., April 10.— The Re
publican State Convention adjourned at 6
o'clock this afternoon, after a two days'
session. There was a close contest over
the selection of delegates to St. Louis,
which resulted in the election of John W.
Meldrum, Robert A. Booth, Charles Hil
ton and Charles H. Dodd, with Max
Pracht, George A. Steel, M. C. Harrison
and J. M. Vandyne as alternates. All are
known "sound"-money men, and pledeed
to McKinley first, last and all the time.
E. L. Smith, T. T. Greer, S. M. Yoran and
J. F. Caples were chosen Presidential
electors. For Supreme Judge, Robert S.
Bean was nominated for re-election by
acclamation.
There was much discussion over the
adoption of a platform and resolutions.
Twenty-four out of the thirty-two mem
bers of the committee reported a platform
substantially the same as the Minneapolis
Elatform of 1892, with the plank on the
nancial question demanding the use of
both gold and silver and suitable legisla
tion to maintain the parity of the two
metals ''so that the purchasing and debt
paying power of the dollar, whether of
gold, silver or paper, shall be at all times
equal." A minority report, signed by
eight members, demanded an out-and-out
declaration for gold.
Eloquent speeches were made pro and
con. by leading jurists and politicians, but
the silver men were in the majority and
defeated the goldbugs by a vote of 129
to 108.
Local differences in the Republican
party cropped up on every possible occa
sion, and finally resulted in the Carey-
Hmne faction naming Sol Hirsch for State
Committeeman, Charles F. Lord for Dis
trict Attorney and D. P. Thompson for
member of the State Equalization Board.
A. F. Bears of the Simon clique was nomi
nated for Circuit Judge. The Simon men
acknowledge total defeat, both on the
money question and the nomination of
officers. The Carey men are jubilant over
the result, and will hold a city and county
convention on April 15 to put up an oppo
sition ticket.
After hearing eloquent speeches lauda
tory of McKinley the convention ad
journed.
OREGOy DEMOCRATS.
Silver Men Triuniplt and Cleveland 1*
Turned Down.
PORTLAND, Or., April 10.— The Demo
cratic State Convention finished its labors
this evening and adjourned. The chief
feature of interest was the division of the
silver men from those supporting "sound"
money principles and the silver men's
victory over their opponents. The con
vention sends silver delegates to the Na
tional convention. The resolution indors
ing Cleveland was voted down, and L. H.
Kelly of Clatsop County declared that this
convention "had offered wanton and
gratuitous insult to a Democratic Presi
dent." The vole for Presidential electors
resulted in the naming of Dr. Ogilsbee of
Wasco, Edward Kilfeather of Multnomah,
J. M. Carroll of Union and John Burnett
of Benton County.
At the afternoon session the judicial
district nominations were ratified by the
convention and the following nominations
were made: Supreme Judge, J. Burnett
of Corvallis; District .Tudfte, George E.
Chamberlain of Portland; Prosecuting At
torney, Judge M. L. Pipes of Portland;
First District, Congressman, Jeff H. Myers
of Salem; Second District, A. S. Bennett
of The Dalles.
KIXO COUXTI FOX. SILVER.
Democrat* at Seattle Stand by the White
SEATTLE, Wash., April 10.— The King
County Democratic convention to-day
chose delegates to the State convention to
be held at Tacoma on April 11 for the pur
pose of naming eight delegates to the Na
tional Democratic Convention at Chicago,
instructing them by resolution to vote
only for such delegates as will "favor free
and unlimited coinage of gold and silver
at the ratio of 16; to 1, wituout regard to
the action of any other nation. Hon.
William H. While of the law linn of White
& Munday was designated as King
County's delegate to the National Conven
tion. . . U--/ : i' :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
RAWED BY
A BLAINE MOB
Two Sneak Thieves Taken
From a Prison and
Whipped.
STRAPPED TO A POST.
Lashes Wielded With Terrible
Effect by a Party of
Vigilantes.
RELEASED WHEN NEARLY DEAD
The Wretches Driven Across the
State Line With Their Hands
Still Manacled.
BLAINE, Wash., April 10.— Wearying
of the tardiness of the officers in catching
and the slow processes of the law in
punishing offenders, the citizens of Blame
last night resolved to establish an old
fashioned whipping-post and find whether
it would not prove more effective than
courts and lawyers. Their iirst trial of
the innovation seems to have been emi
nently successful, for two thieves, who
were thrashed within an inch of their lives
with cat-o'-nine-tails, have left the State
never to return, bearing on their backs
seams and scars that will stay with them
until the grave receives them into its
eternal embrace.
During the last few years from time to
time a number of stores and private resi
dences here have been broken into and
robbed. The officers have in each case
been unable to secure sufficient evidence
to authorize an arrest, but suspicion
pointed directly to Alfred Hazelton, his
two brotners, Henry and Frank, and
several of their friends, known as the
Hazelton gang. Some months ago they
were ordered out of town, but they went
only across the border line and lived about
a mile from here, and at times in Van
couver and New Westminster, B. C.
Alfred and Harry Hazelton ventured to
return to Blame last Monday. That night
they were captured at the hut of a half
breed near town and were lodged in jail,
where they remained until last night.
A party of citizens, to the number of
twenty, visited the jail at midnight last
night, forced an entrance, and took the
brothers from their cell. They were quiet
ly conducted to the boundary line, where
they were stripped of their clothes and
terribly lashed with horsewhips and raw
hides. They were then allowed to dress,
and, with their hands tied behind them,
were told to get over the line, and that,
should either of them ever be seen again
in Blame, he would be hanged. The men
wore glad to promise ali that was asked.
CALIFORNIA'S FRUIT CROP
Outlook for the Season Discussed
by the State Horticultural
Society.
Early Frosts Found to Have Done Con-
siderable Damage in Several
Localities.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 10.— The
State Horticultural Society held a meeting
in the Supreme Court chamber of the
Capitol building to-day, and the main sub
ject discussed was the outlook for the fruit
crop of this season. B. F. Walton of Yuba
City stnted thai in sections the crop would
be excellent, excepting that almonds, late
peaches, cherries, apricots and early plums
had been slightly touched by frost.
It was stated that along the Sacramento
River there would be an extra large crop
of pears, but that almonds, apricots and
plums were badly damaged. The cherry
and plum crops were light in the Ameri
can River district and the prune croD
would be light.
George F. Ditzler of Biggs, Butte
County, stated that the apricot crop in his
section was a total failure. There was a
light crop of late peaches and n neavy
crop of pears. Around Vina, Tenant a
County, peaches were seriously injured.
Around Lodi almonds were badly injured,
but prunes were good. In Yolo County
there would be a heavy crop of apricots, a
light crop of almonds, a good crop of
peaches, a fair crop of prunes and any
quantity of pears. Wine grapes were
greatly injured by frost.
B. M. Lelong reported a large crop of
pears in Alameda County, peaches and
apricots short and an enormous crop of
olives.
"SAID PASHA" AT STANFORD.
Students Give a Successful Rendition of the
Opera in the Encina Gymna
sium.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
10. — "Said Pasha" was presented by the
Stanford students in the Encina Gymna
sium to-night. In every respect the rendi
tion was successful and reflected great
credit on those included in the cast. The
scenery and costuming were magnificent,
the cost exceeding $.500. Nearly 100 stu
dents appeared in the opera. The per
formance will be repeated to-morrow.
Those who took part included the best
singers of the university. P. F. Abbott,
who took the part of Hassin Bey, was
leading soloist nf the glee club on its re
cent trip. W. A. Sutherland, C. G. Decker,
W. J. Schlacks and G. W. Burt were also
glee club members. Hadab, the most
comical character, waß in the hands of
Charlie Dillon, the cleverest comic song
soloist Stanford ever had.
Of the roles assumed by women, Serena
was looked after by Miss McMillan and Atti
by Miss Mann, both of whom are accom
plished singers. Miss Chase and Miss
Lewis sang the respective parts of Semper
and Punja.
In the cnorus were the following ladies:
Misses Miner. Critchlow, Hall, Amesbury,
Harper, L'Hote, Phillips, Blake, Hamil
ton, Beermaker, Payne, Giblin, De Con,
Lewis, Chase, Mackintosh, Hyde, Murray,
Markham, Lieb, Fry, Barnhisel, Shoe
maker, Brown and Meade. The male
chorus was composed of : C.H. Garton.C. M.
Cram, W. T. Young, W. C. Morrow, W. P.
Mclntosh, W. B. Fletcher, C. Van King,
Walter Mclntosh, W. H. Soper, R. F.
Roy, M. Johnson, H. H. Kirby, £. L.
Farmer, F. A. Schneider, H. C. Turner,
E. C. Sewall and J. Gates.
Coalinga'a Oil Yield.
FRESNO, Cal., April 10.— The new oil
district, near Coalings, has developed
rapidly in the past few days. The output
of one well has increased from fifteen to
forty barrels per day. Offers have been
made to purchase the entire output, be it
large or small, at $2 50 per barrel, so long
as the quality remains as it now is. It is
the finest grade in the United States.
Negotiations are in urogress for the erec
tion of a refinery. More than 100 persons
have filed claims in the oil district in the
past two days.
SANTA CRUZ'S NEW COURTHOUSE.
It Is Only a Shanty, but the Opening of Court
Therein Will Be Fittingly Cele
brated.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 10. — The
Superior Court will meet to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock in the little building tem
porarily erected by the Board ef Supervi
sors for the accommodation of Judge
Logan, pending the completion of the new
building. The shanty is built of rough
lumber, but is lined and prettily papered
within, and will make a comfortable and
not unattractive place of meeting for the
court. Desks, chairs and other articles
were moved to-day, and the opening of
court on the county's own property will be
an event of great interest to the people
who have waited patiently for the new
building that will not be completed for
another three months.
The Citj r Council held a special meeting
to-night and passed a fire ordinance to
prohibit the erection of any other than
stone, iron or brick buildings within the
city limits. This was done hastily, be
cause it had been learned that persons
were intending to take advantage of the
favor shown the Superior Court. The pro
posed building of wooden structures will
now be prevented, and on Wednesday the
ordinance will be properly amended.
SAN JOSE BANK REOPENS
The Commercial and Savings
Concern Ready for Busi
ness To-Day.
Resumes Under Conditions That Give
Assurances of Future
Success.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 10.— The Com
mercial and Savings Bank of this city will
reopen its doors to-morrow morning, to
resume regular business, which was sus
pended four weeks ago. Tne call for an
increase in the capital stock has been re
sponded to satisfactorily, and the direc
tors declare that the business is resumed
under auspices that give certain assur
ances of future success and stability. In
an interview to-day, L. Lion, the newly
elected president tnd manager of the bank,
said :
"The bank will reopen its doors to
morrow under conditions much more
favorable for its success than it has ever
before enjoyed. With an increase of the
capital from $300,000 to $500,000, there is a
certainty that, with conservative manage
ment, the bank will be one of the solid in
stitutions of the State. The call for an in
crease in the capital stock, that was made
shortly after the payments were sus
pended, was responded to so satisfacto
rily that the bank now practically has a
paid-up capital of $500,000. There is now
money enough in our vaults for the trans
action of business and for any emergency
that may arise."
SAN JOSE'S BANDIT ARRAIGNED.
George Miller Pleads Not Guilty of
Attempt to Murder and Is Held
for Trial.
*SAN JOSE, Cal., April 10.— Bandit
George Miller was arraigned in Judge
Lorigan's court this morning on the
charge of attempting to kill Policeman
Monroe. There was also a charge of prior
conviction against Miller. He pleaded
not guilty to the charge of attempted
murder, but admitted the charge of prior
conviction for burglary. His trial was set
for April 30.
Miller is the highwayman who robbed
Charles Berryman near this city on the
night of February 21. He was subse
quently arrested, but broke away from
Otficer Monroe at the corner of First and
Santa Clara streets and escaped from half
a dozen officers amid a fusillade of shots.
HE FOLLVWET) THE RACES.
Oeorge Sands Neglected Hit Wife and
She Wants a IHvorrr.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 10.— The testi
mony taken in the suit of Kate Sands for
a divorce from George Sands on the
ground of desertion has been filed by Com
missioner Montgomery. The Sands were
married in Taconia, Wash., in April, 1890,
and have a child 3 years old. They lived
happily together the first year, and in 1891
they moved to Los Gatos. About this time
Sands quit working and devoted his whole
time following the races and gambline
and neglected to support bis family. In
February, 1594, Sands deserted his wife
and she was compelled to return to her
parents. Sands is now in Alaska. There
is no community property and all Mrs.
Sands wants is an absolute divorce and
the custody of their child.
Gatherings of Lutherans.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 10.— Extensive
preparations arc being made by the Luth
erans of this city for the entertainment of
the delegates to the sixth annual session
of the Lutheran Synod of California and
the Woman's Home and Foreign Mission
ary societies, which convene in this city on
April 15. The societies will be in session
five days.
LEAGU JiItS AT JfAPA.
TJie Convention iCUct* District Officers
and Adjourn*.
NAPA, Cat.., April 10.— The Napa Dis
trict Epworth League Convention closed
here to-night, after a very prosperous
three days' session. The address to-night
was by Rev. T. H. Woodward of Petaluma.
There lias been a large increase in the
membership in this district in the past
year and all are encouraged. The officers
elected for the ensuing year are: Presi
dent, Miiry L. Dickson of Petaluma; first
vice-president, Cedora Cheeney of Middle
town ; second vice-president, Laura Bell
of Santa Rosa; third vice-president, Hattie
Allen of Santa Rosa; fourth vice-president,
Mrs. Minnie Raymond of Petaluma; re
cording secretary, Thomas B. Hutchinson
of Napa; corresponding secretary, Mary
Alvord of Vallejo; treasurer, W. G. Irwih
of Woodland.
LOMPOC DAMAGE ISVIT.
Mn. Aqitiittapar Heinand* Pay for In-
juries Inflicted by n Soar.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 10.—
Paul Aqmstapac and his wife Catherine, of
Lompoc, have brought suit for $5000 dam
ages against Estanislsus Cordero. It is
alleged in the complaint that Cordero is
the owner of a vicious boar, and that this
beast trespassed upon tlie Aquistapac
ranch and savagely attacked the wife
Catherine, inflicting injuries for which the
sum demanded is but a moderate recom
pense.
Hill l.mue the Requisition.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 10.— After
listening all day to arguments pro and con,
Governor Budd took under advisement the
matter of issuing a requibiton for there
turn from Colorado of Mrs. Emma Yorke,
the mother of the late Fred Gibson, who
hied herself thither with $22,00u given her
by her son on his death bed. The Gover
nor finally decided to-night to issue the
requisition.
PUENTE BANDITS
STILL AT LARGE
The Identity of Postmaster
Hayes* Murderers in
Doubt.
WORKED IN THE DARE.
Poor Description of the Men
Given by Their Dying
Victim.
BRAVERY CAUSED HIS DEATH.
Shot While Attempting to Defend
His Property From the
Robbers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 10.— Later
details of the robbery of the postoffice at
Puente and the killing of Postmaster John
Haye3 Jr. prove the crime to have been
one of the most daring ever committed in
Southern California. Hayes was shot
down while bravely attempting to defend
his property, after the highwaymen had
driven from his general store, in which
the postoince was located, a man and a
boy who had learned of hia danger and
hastened to his assistance. The murdered
man was unmarried and 37 years of age.
Hayes slept in a room in the rear of his
store. He had locked his safe, put out the
lights and stepped to the front door to
lock it, when two masked robbers con
fronted him and, at the points of pistols,
marched him to the rear of the store and
commanded him to unlock the safe. He
said he could not do so without a light.
A candle was procured and Hayes was at
work on the combination when John
Petech, a 16-year-old boy, attracted by the
light, came across the street to see what
was going on. Taking in the situation,
the lad hastened to give the alarm. He
met William Bryant and the two returned
to the store.
The robbers heard them coming, and
made prisoners of them as they entered,
marched them to the rear of the store and
ejected them from the back door. While
the robbers' attention was thus tempo
rarily withdrawn from Hayes he retreated
into his bedroom, and, procuring a lantern
and a revolver, returned to the storeroom
to defend his property. As he stepped
forward the robbers fired ut>on him, and he
fell to the floor with a bullet wound in his
right breast, which proved fatal in a few
hours. The murderers then fled and are
still at large, but officers are scouring the
country far and wive for them.
Hayes retained consciousness long
enough to give an account of the crime,
but could give no good description of the
robbers. After the inquest Hayes' body
will be sent to relatives in San Francisco
for burial. He lived at Puente two years,
and was highly respected by the people
there. The identity of the murderers is
unknown, but the officers are working on
important clews.
Suet the Southern Pacific.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 10.— Mrs.
Lottie Owen, widow of Anderson Owen,
colored, who was killed in a wreck on the
Southern Pacific in this city on February
22, has sued the company for $25,000.
Owen was a passenger* standing on the
platform of a car. The disaster was caused
by a misplaced switch.
LOS ANGELES ROMANCE
Albert Lovett Is Twenty-Two
Years Old and Has Been
Thrice Married.
His Mother's Answer in the Damage
Suit Filed by Wife Num.
ber Three.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., April 10.— Mrs.
Harriett Lovett, in her answer to the com
plaint of Mrs. Bella Lovett, who sues her
parents-in-law for $25,000 damage because
of the alleged alienation of her husband's
affections, makes allegations that tend to
show that Albert H. Lovett, the young
husband who has been estranged, has been
somewhat of a gay Lothario in his time.
Albert was just 22 years old when he mar
ried the plaintiff, in 1894, but, according to
his mother's statement, he was married
twice before that.
Mother Lovett, in her answer, goes some
what into details about her son's doings,
from which it appears that he has had
some lively matrimonial experiences lor
one so young. She says he was an invalid
and married Bella in 1894, when in Cali
fornia for his health. For five years be
fore that he was wild and reckless. In
1890, while away from home, he married a
woman in Chicago without his parents'
consent, and she subsequently obtained a
divorce from him. Again, in 1892, the
young man married another woman, from
whom he subsequently separated.
Mrs. Lovett avers that Mrs. Bella Lovett
herself had been married before she wedded
young Lovett, and was a divorced woman,
and that she expected by marrying her son
to be benefited materially. She claims
that one reason why her son did not like
his wife was because she was continually
asking him for money when he bad none
to give.
Albert and his mother went on a trip to
Boston, which the wife objected to, and
which she claims was undertaken at the
urgent request of her mother-in-law. In
her answer, Mrs. Harriet Lovett says that,
instead of trying to influence her son to
take this trip, he implored her to take
him, and said if she did not furnish him
with funds to get away from his wife he
would leave on a freightcar, or would go
on foot, or would "join a circus." The
circus threat appears to have proven po
tential, for Mrs. Lovett bought her aon a
ticket and whisk.cd him away to Boston.
The old people are .reputed to be quite
wealthy, but they deny this, and say Mrs.
Bella Lovett is not entitled to one cent for
having inveigled their wayward son into
his third unfortunate marriage.
Affray on a Victoria Steamer.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 10.—
While the regular passenger steamer
Rosalie was in the straits last night, bound
hither from Victoria, a fight occurred
between George X choc, the bartender, and
Captain Ames. Three shots were fired by
the bartender, one of which carried away
a portion of the captain's coat. Kehoe
was arrested and is now out under $300
bonds to appear to-morrow on a charge of
assault to murder. Kehoe has been the
bartender aboard the Rosalie ever since it
was built as a gambling boat in San Fran
cisco.
JJ VTTE CO UXTY'S S UPP ORT.
Supervisor! Petition for Improvement*
on San Francisco Harbor.
CHICO, Cal., April 10.— The following
resolutions were adopted by the Butte
County Board of Supervisors to-day:
Whereas, The harbor of San Francisco, by
reason of its importance, should be liberally
treated by the Federal Government; and
whereas in the twenty years, from 1876 to
1896, the Federal Government collected in
customs duties at the port of San Francisco
the sum of $158,176,980, while since 1870 it
has appropriated for the harbor of San Fran
cisco but $75,000— less than one-twentieth
of 1 per cent ; now therefore be it
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors of
the county of Butte heartily Indorses the me
morial presented by the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce and the weighty reasons ad
vanced therein asking for appropriations to
cover the needs of the harbor of San Francisco
to wit: The survey and removal of dangerous
rocks, a steam fog-vessel for the entrance to
the harbor, a cable to the southeast Farallon
Island, a house for the telegraph operator at
Point Reyes, exhaustive observations of the
currents of the bay, a fog-signal on the north
west Farallon Island and fairway marks on
the shore of the Golden Gate, and we urge
upon Congress that it grant the appro
priation asked for; and be it further
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
sent to the California delegation in Congress.
STOCKTOy PRESBYTERY.
Pastor a of the San Joaquin Valley Meet
at JTresno.
FRESNO, Cal., April 10.— The semi-an
nual session of the Stockton Presbytery,
which includes the churches and member
ship of that denomination in the San Joa
quin Valley, met in the Presbyterian
church here this evening. The session
will continue until Sunday evening. A
similar meeting of delegates from the
Ladies' Home and Foreign Missionary So
ciety of the valley will be held to-morrow.
There will be about forty visitors here to
attend the two meetings. Rev. Philo
Phelps, formerly pastor in this city and
now of Stockton, preached to-night, after
which the presbytery was organized for
business.
Among the important matters which
the presbytery will attend to is the selec
tion of a minister and an elder in the dis
trict to represent it in the General Assem
bly, which convenes in Saratoga, N. V., on
May 21.
PHOSXIX CAXAIGRE PROJECT.
Excitement Caused by the Arrest of Two
of Its Promotors.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 10.— A ripple of
excitement has been caused in Phoenix by
the receipt of the news from Chicago of
the arrest of John C. Crouthers and Henry
B. Wall, promotors of the scheme to enter
into the cultivation of canaigreon a large
scale, on a charge of swindling Phila
delphia stockholders. The company
which they represented has leased 2500
acres of land four miles from Phoenix, and
has announced that it intends to engage
in this new industry extensively both in
Arizona and California.
A Call correspondent learned to-day
from one close to the managers of the
scheme here that the man who caused the
arrests had been a member of the com
pany, but had been ousted for some reason
and is now trying to '"get even.''
Daowned at JS'etv Whatcotn.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., April 10.—
The body of George W. Lysle, formerly a
prominent Cincinnati coal merchant and
later a landholder and county commis
sioner of Wliatcom County, Wash., was
found in the bay at this place this morn
ing. While in delirious condition he
wandered from St. Joseph's Hospital a
month ago and either fell off the wharf or
committed suicide.
NEW TO-DAY.
f^omfort in
**^ Bicycling
In every part a bicycle must jr\
be adjustable so as to fit the mj^fh
varying conditions of human Cl "fc^U
anatomy. No bicycle so ■ — v
fully meets this requirement as the
STUHDURP OF THE WORLD
tf|H9HIRBB| Columbia saddles are
the standard of com-
iff*** ' fort, and the Colum-
■ bia adjustable handle-
bar is the standard of rigid, quick-adjusting
completeness.
Columbias In construction and I O O
quality are in a class by *r ■ " w
themselves. to all alike
POPE MAMJFACTURM COMPANY,
344 POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLE RY,
1970 PAGE ST., NEAR STANYAN.
Grid ttith Hun
Mr. Thomas O'Connor of San Jose Tells How He
Suffered Once, and How He Was Cured by Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt in One Night.
Lame Back Has Its Terrors.
__ , _ _,„.,„„ « „ , SAN JOSE, Cal., March 18, 1896.
DR. A. T. BANDEN— Dear Sir: You ask me for a statement concerning my back since X
nave been using your Electric Belt. I was under the Impression I had written you about It, but
whether or not, here goes: 1 suffered from a lame back all of 14 years as bad^as any man could
■un'er. I used to have to roll out of bed, and if 1 sat down I could not get up Tor ten minutes.
I would almost cry with pain at limes. I teled everything and got no relief till I got your Belt.
I received the Belt on the 7th day of last month (February). 1 put it on the evening of the
iame day, wore it all night. I had not a pain in the morning. I went to work feeling well and
have had no pain since, and don't expect any if 1 take care of myself. That is the truth and I
am thankful to you and the Belt for being able to say it. You can do as you please with this
Statement. You know where I live. Yours truly, THOS. O'CONNOR,
*. :". -t ':: 64 South River tree San Jose, CaL ,
.^^7^^. Mr. O'Connor had probably, worn all sorts
/r**2& =^!s'& i of plasters and tried everything in the way of
uv//Mf£\^^ liniments, besides the numerous prescriptions
H* vfi^fli^jFv. the doctors give for lame back, during the
fourteen years he suffered — and after all Dr.
Sanden's Belt cured him in one night. It
seems almost beyond belief, but the statement
ln§ \^i^n* l\ * s stra^S^ lt f rom the heart, , and it is true. Do
lli\L^AiC /&)) you suffer from lame back ? Do you suffer
\zki^jtf^faw from any weakness or pain ? If so, discard
y^^^Sr^^^ drugs and plasters and try this famous Electric
-s*^ Belt. Get the book about it free. Address
&jA~TSn>J3JSr ELiECTniC GO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
- Office Hours— B ; A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
— — OFFICES AT — -
LOS ANGELES, CAU I PORTLAND, OR.
204 South Broadway. I 255 Washington street,
HEW TO " DAT - _ ■
ft *%*
3 I
i A
Our 2/oung Teen's Clothes this
season surpass any of our pre-
vious efforts. "Uhere's a look
of smartness, cleverness about
'"em" that wins the young
man that' s fastidious about his
clothes.
Some of those right swell
ffilue and 33 lack ZTwill Cheviot
Suits, made in the and
Single-breasted style, for young
men between the ages of 12 and
19 years.
Special at $/)
■
Visit the J?at 'Department
while in the store to-day.
Zfhere's values there that
'II interest you.
Raphael's
(Sncorporatedj,
vjec j&ssco &02/S,
Sj 11, 13 and 15
Jiearny Street.
1 THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OF THK
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UJiTIL MIDNIGHT.
9uTuC Vfiil '-"' Tnroat. fimplea. Cojiper^H
an Aft TUU Colored Spots, Aches. Old Seres,™
■fleers In Month, Hair-Falling » Write C'OOKBI
■REMEDY CO., 807 Maiionle Temple^B
■Chicago, 111., lot proofs of cures. Cupl-W
■ttil, 5500.000. Worst cases cured In ISH
Mho 35 day. 100-pago book free. EM
COSIVEOPOXiTTANT,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth. St., Baa
>rancisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c Rooms, 50a
»nd 750 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
.Look for the coach bearing the name of the Co*
mopolitan Hotel. Wit FAHEY. Proprietor.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
I European plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 per day, $2
to $8 per week, $8 to «30 per month: free baths;
hot and cold water every room: fire grates in
every room : elevator runs all night
€J>EWEY&CO.>ggV~
patents! :)
MARKET aT.S.F^IiS^
34
FRESNO GROWERS
FORM A COMBINE
Determined to Check the
Cutting of Rates on
Raisins.
JOIN IN AN AGREEMENT
Output of the District to Be
Controlled by a Central
Organization,
IT WILL REGULATE PRICES.
Packing-Houses to Be Operated and
Money Loaned to Needy
Vineyardists.
FRESNO, Cai., April 10.— After years of
cutting and slashing, of distrust, doubt
and discontent, which bankrupted many
growers of raisins and almost totally and
hopelessly demoralized the whole raisin
industry in this valley, a plan has finally
been formulated whereby the marketing
of raisins has been raised to a basis which
promises results of the greatest moment to
California growers. This is the outcome
of many weeks of almost incessant labor
by eight prominent business men, fonr
from the Hundred Thousand Club and a
liKe number from the Chamber of Com
merce. The plan agreed upon by this
committee was unanimously approved yes
terday by what is known as the commis
sion-packers of this valley and also adopted
unanimously by both civic organizations
in a special meeting last night. To-day
twelve of the most influential packers took
the initial steps toward the formation of a
raisin combine.
The plan outlined last night is covered
in the following salient points: The for
mation of a corporation with a capital
stock of $1,000,000, $100,000 to be paid in
before any contracts made with the grow
ers are delivered to the corporation. The
name of the corporation will be the Cali
fornia Raisin Association. The object
shall be to loan money to raisin-grower.-;
to concentrate the selling of raisins as far
as possible and to establish a central sell
ing agency; to buy, pack, stem, grade, box
and sack raisins; to rent, build, purchase
and operate packing-houses and ware
houses, and to do anything and everything
necessary to the businesn of purchasing,
caring for and disposition of raisins and
the product of raisin grapevines.
All sales of raisins shall be made by and
the right to sell shall be confined to the
corporation, under certain restrictions.
All contracts made by the corporation
•with growers, packers or dealers in raisins
shall contain a clause requiring all raisins
placed with the corporation to be sold
on!y at the prices and subject to condi
tions fixed by its committee, and its con
signments will not be made under any
circumstances. The corporation will agree
that the minimum advance on good
average quality of raisins shall be 1 cent
per pound, exclusive of packing and stem
ming charges, which advance s^hall be a
guaranteed advance to the grower.
As fast as raisins are packed, stemmed,
graded and inspected certificates shall be
issued by the corporation to growers for
their respective deliveries, which certifi
cates shall specify the date of delivery,
quantity, kinds and grade according to the
inspection. These certificates shall show
the advances made and all packing charges
against the raisins. After raisins have
been received and accepted by the corpo
ration and certificates have been issued to
the grower such certificate shall be con
clusive evidence of the weight, kind and
grade designated by the inspector's brand,
and any allowances made on account of
rejection thereafter shall be borne by the
corporation.
Packing charges shall be fixed as fol
lows: Dehesa clusters, 50 cents per 20
--pound box; London layers, 32% cents per
20-pound box; London layers (plain
papers), 30 cents per 20-pound box; mus
catels (loose), 20 cents per 20-pound box ;
muscatels (loose), $9 50 per ton in 50-pound
boxes; sacked goods, $8 per ton.
A growers' committee of five and five
members of the board of directors of the
corporation sitting jointly shall determine
■when the necessary percentage of raisins
for the season of 1896 has been obtained,
in order to make all contracts made by the
corporation with the growers binding and
in fell force.
HUMBOLDT TAX CASE DECIDED.
Judge Hunter Rules Upon the Right of the
State to Se// Lands of Delin
quents.
EUREKA, Cal., April 10.— Judge Hun
ter of Department 2 of the Superior Court
to-day handed down a decision of great in
terest not only to property-owners of this
county but of the entire State. A month
ago Z. Russ & Sons Company, a corpora
tion, owning extensive tracts of land in
this county, filed suit against J. L. Crich
tcn, Tax Collector of Humboldt County,
to enjoin him from issuing tax deeds to
the State for certain lands owned by the
company and sold to the State prior to the
time tho patents were issued.
The suit comprised two claims. In the
first the lands embraced were United
States land when the taxes were levied,
and the Tax Collector, instead of selling
the possessory right of the persons against
whom the assessments were levied, sold
the land to the State for the taxes levied
between the years 1874 and 1883. In this
case the court" holds that as no patent had
been issued the title to the lands was In
the United States. The land not being
subject to taxation and sale for taxes the
court holds that the sale is void, and an
injunction restraining the Tax Collector
from delivering the deed to the State has
been grantea.
In many cases where a man's land is in
danger of sale to the State for taxes levied
and unpaid years ago the same state of
affairs exists as in this case, where, instead
of Belling the possessory interest, the land
itself is sold. Eight suits similar to this
were hied, this being made the trial suit.
In the second case the lands were State
lands and had been sold to the person to
•whom they were assessed, 20 per cent of
the purchase price being paid and the cer
tificates of sale issued. Subsequent to the
issuance of these certificates of sale and
before patents for the lands were issued by
the State these taxes were levied, and
while they were sold to the State which
had not finally parted with its title to the
lands the court liolms mat the title which
the Mate originally had to these lands and
the titie it received by tax sale did not be
come merged in one so as to pass the un
clouded title to the person who received
the patent. The injunction asked in this
second case was denied, the court holding
that taxes levied on the land after the
State had given its certificate of purchase
to the holder created a lien on the land in
favor of the State, which must be satisfied
before the cloud on the patentee's title can
be removed.
STOCKTON ASTJjVM SHORTAGE,
Action to He Tir ought at Once Againtt
Major Orr'a Bondsmen.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 10.— The board
of directors of the State Insane Asylum
to-day decided to proceed without more
delay to put matters in shape so that an
action might be commenced against the
bondsmen of Major Orr, the defaulting
treasurer of the institution. Recently the
Attorney-General wrote to President
Southworth that he had no official knowl
edge of the shortage, and that the proper
method of procedure was to officially lay
the facts before Governor Budd, wno
would in turn acquaint the Controller and
the Attorney-General of the deficit of over
$10,000 in Major Orr's funds. A resolution
was passed to-day authorizing President
Southworth to prepare a statement of the
facts in the case and forward them with
out delay to the Governor.
DTOCKTOSf TKAMSTEIt HfJTJBED.
Thrown Under the Wheel* of a Heavily
Loaded Wagon*
STOCKTON, Cal., April 10. — Eugene
Jones, a teamster, met with a painful acci
dent in a runaway while coming down
the grade from Priests' Hill. He was
driving for Sylvester Carlin and had eight
mules attached to the wagon, with a
trailer behind the main vehicle. One of
the wheelhorses was a fractious animal
and began to kick when the team was on
the down grade. The brake-block came
off and the wagon ran down on to the
horses. They started to run down the
hill, and Jones became entangled in the
reins. He was thrown off and the heavily
loaded wagon passed over one ankle, com
pletely crushing it and tearing two toes
from his foot. He was taken to Chinese
Camp, where a physician attended to his
injuries. ________________
TRAGEDY IN RENO'S JAIL
Murderer Vaughn Attempts to
Cheat the Law by Taking
His Life.
Swallows Poison After Having Been
Convicted of Killing the Litster
Boys.
RENO, Nev., April 10.— The jury in the
case of the State against Alfred Vaughn,
charged with murdering two boys named
Litster in Lander County in 1893, after
being out twelve hours, brought in a
verdict this morning of murder in the first
degree. Similar verdicts nave twice before
been rendered in the case. Each time the
Supreme Court granted a rehearing. The
prisoner appeared unmoved when the
verdict was announced, and, with the an-
nouncement from Judge Cheney that at 1
o'clock the time of sentence would be pro
nounced, he was removed to an iron cell
in the county jail.
A few minutes after noon Under Sheriff
Caugrhlin went to Vaughn's cell and
noticed the latter acted strangely, but
thought his actions were simply the result
of the subdued excitement under which
the prisoner was laboring and endeavored
to cheer him with encouraging words.
Going to the cell later Vaughn was found
in a collapsed condition on the floor. It
was then evident that the prisoner had
swallowed poison with suicidal iutent.
Three physicians were summoned, who
Jabored all the afternoon in an endeavor
to bring the man out of his stupor. He
seemed to waver between life and death
without apparent change up to 7 o'clock
this evening, when the physicians gave out
the report that his condition was more
favorable and the chances for recovery
good.
It i 3 not definitely known how Vaughn
secured the drug, but the belief is general
that it was given him by some of his rela
tives, who have constantly been in at
tendance at court during the trial. Some
believe the vial was hidden in a bouquet of
flowers given the prisoner by his mother.
SIGHTED A DERELICT.
The Hull of the Helen Merriam Still
Rides the Waves.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 10.—
Captain J. H. Hellison of the schooner
Helen M. Kimball, which arrived yester
day from San Francisco for a cargo of
lumber, to-day reported at the Hydro
graphic office that on the morning of
March 27, at 8 o'clock, the Helen M. Kim
ball passed quite near the dismasted
schooner Helen Merriam, which was some
time ago fired by a passing vessel after
having lost its masts and rigging. Ac
cording to Captain Hellison, the attmpt to
remove the derelict has been a failure, as
it is still floating around, a menace to nav
igation of vessels on the coast. The
charred and blackened hull is plainly dis
tinguishable in daylight, but at night the
vessel could not be found with a search
light. The location of the derelict when
sighted by the Kimtall was 38deg. 42 mm.
north and 124 deg. 16 mm. west.
BEQUEATHS P IKE MX X4AJDS.
Ex-Attorney General Churchill* Will
Leaves All to the Widow.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 10.— The- will
of the late ex-Attorney-General Churchill
was filed for probate to-day. It is dated
March 24, 1896, is very brief and was
written by Churchill. By this will he be
queaths to his wife, Virginia Frances
Churchill, all of his property, both per
sonal and real. The estate includes eighty
acres of kind, comprising a part of Church
ill's addition to the city of Phoenix and on
which the Churchill mansion stands; a
section of land three miles from the city;
canal stock and water rights, and an in
terest in several stock ranges in Northern
Arizona.
INJURED h'EAlt M.ARISTIL'LE.
Fate of a Man Who Slept Upon a Street
Railway Track. .
MARYSVILLE, Cal., April 10.— Jerry
O'Brien, a San Francisco stonecutter, is
in a hospital here suffering from injuries
resulting from being run over by a horse
car midway between Marysvilie and Yuba
City at midnight. He was on an extended
debauch and went to sleep on the track.
The upper half of his left jaw was to-day
removed by physicians. His nose was cut
in two, one leg injured and there were
many scalp wounds. He will recover.. A
membership card in the Stonecutters' As
sociation found in his pocket bears the
name of James McCormack.
Arizona's Political Sow.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 10.— Colonel J.
F. Wiison of Prescott, one of the trustees
of the Normal School, has handed in his
resignation to Governor Franklin, in which
he says he resigns because he believes that
the administration should be free to in
augurate and carry out its own policy, and
should not be hampered and embarrassed
by the appointees of Governor Hughes.
He holds that all officers under Governor
Hughes should resign forthwith.
One Cold Afteb Another, will, with many
constitutions, securely establish the seeds of
Consumption in the system. Those in need of a
remedy will find Dr. Jayne's Expectorant always
prompt, thorough and efficacious.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
CARNIVAL TOWNS
OF CALIFORNIA.
Santa Rosa's Floral Queen
Will Be Announced
To-Night.
VOTING AT HEALDSBURG.
School Children Place Miss
Nellie Petray in Third
Position.
SANTA CRUZ'S PREPARATIONS
Busker Hill Anniversary to Be Cele
brated — Features of San Jose's
Festival.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 10.— There is
no change in the position of the contestants
for Queen of the carnival, Mrs. Bums hav
ing increased her lead by twenty-nine
votes to-day. This scant advantage of
thirty votes seems indicative of the final
result to-morrow and wagers on the favor
ite against the field find no takers. The
votes will be counted at 1 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon and the contest will close at
8 o'clock at night. The lightest vote of
the week was recorded to-day, as the
friends of the candidates seemed afraid of
exciting the opposition to greater efforts
by any show of strength to-day. A large
vote is not looked for at the first count
to-morrow for the same reason, and each
side will play a waiting game until the
supreme moment, depending upon close
watching of the ballot-box to ascertain the
amount necessary to win the coveted
honor.
In a letter received to-day, signed "Mayor
of Occidental," the voting committee was
informed that Miss Jessica Kloppenburg
"would be strictly and everlastingly in it,"
and that when the last Santa Rosa nickel
had clicked against Occidental gold the
plucky little town over the hills would also
pay for its favorite's costumes, which were
already ordered from San Francisco. The
"Mayor" neglected, however, to inclose
any cash to back his bold words, and those
who know the distinguished official de
clare that he is addicted to what Hoyle de
clares to be necessary every seven hands in
the American game— commonly called ihe
"bluff."
George F. King, chairman of the floral
ball committee, has completed arrange
ments for the game of living whist.
Fifty -two young ladies in appropriate
costumes will represent the cards, and
after the shuffle, cut and deal will be
manipulated according to Cavendish by
F. H. Atwater and Walter Towne, two of
Petaluma's crack: whist-players, while F.
G. Hahman and Arthur Harris of this
city will try to win the game for Santa
Rosa.
The Board of Supervisors to-day appro
priated $75 for courthouse decorations,
and the big building will be resplendent
in a garb of yellow and green when the
festival begins.
SAy JOSE CAJttyiVAL JEFJSMVTA.
Programme for the four Days of Pleas
ure Arranged.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 10.— Toe enter
tainment committee of the carnival of
roses has completed the programme for
the carnival. As arranged it will afford
the thousands of visitors to this city one
continual round of pleasure. The carnival
will open with a floral parade on Wednes
day, May 6, and end on Saturday evening
with a parade of the King of the carnival
and royal family and a masked ball. The
programme of events is as follows:
Wednesday, May 6—3:30 p. v., opening exer
cises at carnival pavilion to be about as fol
lows: Opening remarks by Hon. B. D. Murphy,
president of the day ; address by Hon. James
H. Kudd, Governor of California; oration by
Professor David Starr Jordan oi Stanford Uni
versity; music by Roncovieri's band; 8 P. m.,
at pavilion, grand illustrated concert by Ron
covieri's band; after concert, dancing.
Thursday, May 7—2:30 p. m., at Agricultural
Park, polo game, Burlingame vs. Riverside; 8
p. m., at Recreation Park, grand pyrotechnic
display; 8:30 F. m., concert by La Favorita
Mandolin Club, under the directorship of
Professor William Frederick d'Ablning; 9:30
p. m., at Carnival Pavilion, grand ball.
Friday, May 8—10:30 a. m., at Recreation
Park, Intercollegiate baseball game, Stanford
vs. University of California; 2:30 p. m., at
Agricultural Park, field sports, Stanford vs. the
"World ; Bp. m., at Carnival Pavilion, diversified
stage entertainments by students of Stanford
University, to be followed by dancing.
Saturday, May 9—l P. M.. at Recreation Park,
League of American Wheelmen bicycle meet,
under the auspices of the Garden City Cyclers;
8 p. M., parade of the King and members of the
royal family through the principal streets of
the city to the pavilion, where the King will
be mounted on his throne, after which will
commence the grand massed ball.
PATRIOTIC BAST A CRUZ.
Carnival Gur.it s to Celebrate the Bunker
Hill Anniversary.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 10. — The
Carnival Association decided to-night that,
as the anniversary of the battle of Bunker
Hill falls on Carnival day (June 17), the
entire day will be devoted to the celebra
tion of that event. Assurances have been
received from Senator Perkins and Secre
tary Herbert that one or perhapatwo men
of-war will be available for the occasion
and for the entire carnival. Invitations
will be extended to the Bunker Hill Asso
ciation and the Sons of Revolutionary
Sires at San Francisco to attend the carni
val on that, the opening day.
A design was reported for the stage or
approaches to the Queen's palace, which
will be erected on the east bank of the San
Lorenzo River. The floor of the stage will
be 80x40 feet in dimensions, and on the
rear will be built the palace, decorated in
the interior with carnival colors — white
and yellow — and illuminated with 250 in
candescent lights.
A committee of twenty women, of which
Mrs. Dr. Fagan is chairwoman, was ap
pointed to assist the San Jose carnival
committee to secure flowers. District At
torney Carl E. Lindsay was made chair
man of the committee on parade and
County Treasurer W. H. Bias commodore
of the fleet.
HEAZDSMURO'S FOTJC.
Mitt >ellie Tetray Joint the Leaders in
the Carnival Hare.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., April 10.— Work
has been commenced on the grand stand
at the wheelmen's new bicycle track and a
force of ten or fifteen men will be busy from
now until the flower festival opens putting
things into readiness for the big bicycle
meet.
Healdsburg is already commencing to
take on a festival appearance. On Mon
day carpenters will remove the old bell
tower from the square and erect in its
stead a tasty stand, where the queen of the
carnival will be crowned. The contest for
queen is much more exciting than it was
last year. To-day 300 votes were deposited
in the ballot-box, and of this number Miss
Petray received enough to place her in
third place. Miss Petray is a brunette of
commanding presence, and would make an
ideal queen, fehe is a teacher in the pub
lic schools and if the thousand children
carry out their plan she will be elected.
Miss Alice Haigh still leads, with Edna
Biddle second and Miss Nellie Petray, Oza
Waldrop and Emma Widlund in the order
named.
Xy HOTIXJB TO LOU A* GEL B a.
An Oregon Woman to Claim a Share of
the Downey Estate.
PORTLAND.Ob., ApriI 10.— Mrs. Aman
da Guerro, claiming to be a niece of the
late Mrs. Governor Downey, who for the
past five years has been a seamstress ii?
Southern Oregon, passed through here for
Los Angeles Tuesday to litigate for the
estate left her by her aunt.
Mrs. Guerro told an old California friend
here that the money was withheld from her
because of her change of religion. Mrs.
Downey was a most devout Catholic, who
never in many years neglected to attend
early morning mass, rain or shine. It is
alleged that in her will she stipulated that
in the event of any one of her devisees
abandoning the Catholic faith before the
distribution of her estate after her death
such renegade from the church should be
disinherited.
The name the woman now bears was
that of her first husband, who died about
eight years ago. A year thereafter she
wedded a Protestant clerk in a Los Angeles
Bank, the ceremony being performed in an
Episcopal cburch. Mrs. Guerro says after
that her relatives refused to recognize her,
and a month later she and her husband
left Los Angeles for Seattle. About a year
ago, this woman says, she became con
science-stricken, returning to the religious
faith of her ancestors. Later she also re
solved to make a demand for her aunt's
bequest to her, which has steadily and per
sistently been refused her.
.4* IXTHAX BETOBMEB.
toung Chief of the Cayuset Declare*
War on Whisky.
PENDLETON, Ok., April 10.— Young
Chief, the head of the Cayuse tribe of In
dians on the Umatilla .Reservation, has of
late been conducting a literary bureau.
Especially since the laws have been inter
preted in such a manner as to give his
people freedom to purchase and drink
whisky the chief has been prolific of com
munications to the East Oregonian, in
which he has urged that some action be
taken to cure the Indians of their habit.
Young Chief has now risen to the dignity
of a reformer and has proposed another
plan for the correction of the evil tenden
cies of his dusky warriors.
The plan may not be novel so far as con
cerns reservations further east, wnere the
Indians have adopted all the modes of civ
ilized life, but out here, where the red
skins are arrayed in their flaming colored
blankets and go about with their long
flowing locks, the idea is new indeed,
Young Chief's plan is set forth in his
letter, which reads:
At Home, April 6, 1896.
By Young Chief to my Dear Friends : I regret
very much to hear that so many of our people
are causing so much trouble and pain to those
who are friends to us all. I, for one, am almost
discouraged to hear of so many being put in
jail, all owing to the liberty of getting whisky,
which is a ruin to us all. 1 regret it very much,
as I look upon you all as my children. I hope,
my dear friends, that you, Kasn Kash, Peo and
others will meet together and hold meetings to
instruct our people to quit drinking liquor;
advise them to go to church, send their chil
dren to school and teach them to work, make
gardens, raise potatoes and other vegetables,
such as our fathers and mothers used to do
when I was young. lam your friend,
Young Chief.
CAPTURED AT SPOKANE.
The Supposed Murderer of Pocatello's
Policeman Under Arrest.
SPOKANE, ■Wash., April 10. — Paddy
O'Brien, arrested last evening in a gang of
hoboes, is found to be the man who mur
dered Police Officer James B. Scanlon at
Pocatello, Idaho, a short time ago.
His resemblance to the description had
by the police was found to fit, and to-day
telegrams have been passing between the
officers of tnis city and Pocatello confirm
ing the suspicions. A telegram to-night
says the Sheriff is on the way to identify
the man.
O'Brien is wanted for the brutal murder
of Officer Scanlon, depot policeman at
Pocatello. O'Brien, with other hoboes,
was causing trouble, when Scanlon tried
to stop them. A fight ensued, and al
though O'Brien was injured in the melee
he succeeded in Btabbing Scanlon through
the heart.
O'Brien in an old offender in Spokane,
having been in a number of desperate
affairs here, but in some way has always
managed to keep out of penitentiary.
WILKISS OX" MAR IX.
Governor Sudd Xames Prison Director
Devlin's Sutee»»or.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., April 10.— James
H. Wilkins was appointed a member of the
Board of Prison Directors by Governor
Budd to-day. It is claimed that E. T.
Devlin had a thorough understanding in
this matter before leaving for Washington.
Tltnlia Sutprrt Released.
VIS ALIA, Cal., April 10.— Frank Daven
port was arrested one week ago on suspi
cion of knowing more than he revealed
about his ride with Dan McCall, the out
law killed while attempting to rob a train
at Tagus a month ago. This afternoon he
was released by Captain Merritt.
Visallans Favor Stockton.
VISALIA, Cal., April 10.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day adopted a resolution
favoring the location of the Wilmerding
School of Industrial Arts at Stockton.
QR AXD TR DXX RAIL WA T.
Heavy Loss Sustained by a Carnival of
Kate- Cutting.
LONDON, Eng., April 10.— The directors
of the Grand Trunk Railway Company
met here to-day. The president, Sir
Charles Rivers Wilson, urged that the
stockholders be allowed to put into effect
the needed reforms which they had in
view. The annual report was adopted.
Sir Charles Rivers Wilson said there was
nothing to complain of in regard to the
volume of traffic, but unfortunately the
freight rates were lower than they ever
had been.
Reckless competition on the part of the
through lines in the United Slates, ho
said, had had its climax in a carnival of
rate-cutting, and the reduction of rates
had caused a loss of revenue amounting to
£60,000 during the last year. He expressed
his regret that the Canadian Pacific
Railway had not joined the Traffic As
sociation, but said that the committee of
the association, recently appointed in New-
York, was still hopeful of inducing the
Canadian Pacific and the Norfolk and
Western companies to join. Among the
important steps the board had taken, he
said, was to obtain the appointment of the
general manager of the Grand Trunk as
one of the receivers of the Central Ver
mont Company.
For American Ye**elt.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 10.— Some
of the leading ship and engine builders of
the country met here to-day and formed
an organization to co-operate in facilitating
present laws before Congress affecting
their interests. It was decided to adopt a
vigorous policy towards placing American
vessels in their proper place — amDng the
foremost of the world's carrying trade.
3TctP England Delegates Coming.
BOSTON, Ma&s., April 10.— The New
England delegates to the annual conven
tion of the Hotel Men's Mutual Benefit
Association in Los Angelea left the Union
station to-day via the Fitchburg Railroad.
The party, Including ladies, numbered
eighty persons, and the special train was
one of the most elegant ever eeen in this
city.
XAMAQATA. AT OMAHA.
The Field Marshal Talks of Affairs in
Japan.
OMAHA, Nebk., April 10.— Marquis
Yamagata, field marshal of Japan, and
his staff spent yesterday in Omaha, tbe
special guests of Department Commander
General Coppinger. After attending to
urgent diplomatic duties his Excellency
granted an interview to a representative
of The United Press, who, witn Private
Secretary Terusaki acting as interpreter,
conversed with him on matters of general
interest and in particular the latest cable
dispatches from Japan relating to army
changes.
Marquis Yamagata said that the In
crease of the regiments in Japan from
twenty-eight to fifty-two was something
that had Jong been contemplated and that
doing this had no significance of approach
ing difficulties. The Marshal expressed
himself as highly pleased with his recep
tion in this country and said that the most
kindly relations existed between the
United States and Japan. It was the wish
of Japan to continue on friendly terms
with all countries on the face of the globe.
"Japan," he said, "is at peace with all
the great European countries. There is no
intention of either Japan or Russia oc
cupying Korea. It is the intention of both
countries that Korea shall be an independ
ent country. The occupation of a portion
of Korea by either country does not mean
that there is the slightest danger of a con
flict between them."
On the financial system in Japan and Its
adaptation to the needs of the country, he
had very positive views. He declared' that
Japan had no wish for a gold standard, as
the Oriental nations, wiih which it had
large commercial interests, used the white
metal.
TRACED BY THE SMOKE.
Discovery of a Murder and Suicide in a
Tenement.
SALEM, Mass., April 10.— The smell of
smoke yesterday morning*ina house at 122
Boston street led to the discovery of a
double tragedy. The house was occupied
by seven tenements. The people in the
upper part of the house smelled smoke
and tried to trace the smoke to its origin.
They found that it came from the room
occupied by Miss Josephine Manning, a
dressmaker.
The door was fastened, and as there
was no response to knocks entrance was
forced. The room was full of smoke,
which came from a smoldering fire in the
bed.
Miss Manning lay in the bed dead, with
her head covered with blood from bullet
wounds. Across the foot of the bed the
body of a man was stretched. He was not
quite dead, but died before a doctor could
be summoned. He, too, had been shot.
The affair was evidently a murder and
suicide. The man was recognized as
James E. Flynn, who has for some time
been keeping company with Miss Man
ning. He was a widower, 35 years old,
and she was 38. He nad evidently killed
the woman and then committed suicide.
The cause of the tragedy is unknown,
and it is not known when Flynn went to
the house. "When found be was fully
dressed in his working clothes. The
family living upstairs reported that they
heard three reports about an hour before
the tragedy was discovered, but they did
not recognize them as pistol shots and
paid no attention to them. The woman
had two bullet wounds in her head, and
the third shot had fatally wounded Flynn.
The bed had evidently been set on fire by
the pistol.
FOR MIZMS' PROMOTION.
Lieutenant- Oeneral Deemed an Appro
priate Title for the Veteran.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 10.-Hull
of lowa, the Chairman of the House Mili
tary Committee, filed to-day the majority
report on the joint resolution which pro
motes Major-General Miles to the rank of
lieutenant-ceneral. The report states that
the committee deems the rank of lieuten
ant-general the most appropriate title for
the general commanding the army in a
Nation of this magnitude, the army now
numbering 25,000 men. In case of war, by
tilling up the companies and regiments, it
would be more than twice that number.
Because She Refuted Him.
LEAVENWORTH, Kan., April 10.—
George Owens, an ex-soldier, cut the throat
of his sweetheart, Cora Barton, this after
noon and afterward committed suicide.
He Hilled the girl because she refused to
marry him on the day set, last Tuesday.
After the murder Owens fled toward Fort
Leavenworth, and when about to be cap
tured iv a field drew a razor across his
throat, nearly cutting his bead off. Had
he not committed suicide a lynching prob
ably would have followed.
Badly Hamaged by Fire.
CHICAGO, 111., April 10.;— The four
story building at 278 Madison street was
badly damaged by fire this morning. A.
Ellinger & Co., cloak manufacturers,
occupying the three upper floors, were the
heaviest losers, their stock and fixtures
being damaged to the extent of $100,C00.
They are fully insured. The total loss
is $130,000, covered by insurance.
Murdered While Asleep.
CHICAGO, 111., April 10.— William
Smitn, a painter, was shot and instantly
killed while asleep by William Cummings
this morning. Cummings was arrested.
Jealousy is believed to be the cause of the
murder, Smith having supplanted Cum
mings in the affections of Miss Maggie
Connors, with whom Smith was living.
w. w. McNeil.
One of the kindest of gentlemen that
ever put pan to paper, that ever spoke
word to man, is Mr. W. W. McNeil, nos
pital steward of the Second Artillery,
N. G. C. Mr. McNeil is not very talkative,
but what he says he means, and when he
does say anything it is with the best in
tention in the world. He has none but the
best feeling for Joy's Vegetable Sarsa
parilla, and gladly told the writer of the
great good Joy's had done. Said he: "I
used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla because
I felt dull, heavy, almost sluggish. As
soon as I discovered that I needed some
thing to make me feel good I took a bottle
of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and after
using the second bottle I became my old
self again. Mind you, I was not on the
brink of the grave; I merely wanted a
blood medicine and I used Joy's.
HEW TO-DAT.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
5
v
San Francisco's Leading and Host Successful Specialist,
Are You Cured of Catarrh?
NOT ONE
Who has sought a cure by means of patent medicines can an-
swer the above question affirmatively. Do not waste away time
and money in vain, but apply to a source who has cured thou-
sand others and whom you know can cure you. An inves-
tigation has shown that not one failure has been recorded
against DR. SWEANY during the last six years.
Facts Are Stubborn Things.
THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS
Are on file in DR. SWEANY'S private office. They are volun-
tarily given, as true, deep and sincere expressions of gratitude
from people who had struggled in vain for years against the
ravages of Catarrh, until this successful physician restored
them to health.
ALL ARE INVITED
And everybody, whether RICH or POOR, receives equal care
and treatment, for DR. SWEANY is not only a physician, but
also a Christian and a Philanthropist.
MEN WHO ARE
WASTING AWAY,
DO YOU KNOW
That fully 8O per cent of the unhappy and forlorn who fill our
MADHOUSES are victims of SEMINAL WEAKNESS, NERVOUS
DEBILITY and their kindred causes? oo ' w =-«vuus>
DO YOU KNOW
That out of every ten cases of CONSUMPTION five can be
traced back and the origin found In SEMINAL WEAKNESS?
TAKE TIME BY THE FORELOCK
And secure proper treatment before It is too late, before you
are beyond medical and human aid. If you are suffering from
the effects of this terrible disease, suffering from early Indis-
cretions, excesses and unnatural losses, which rob the blood
of its richness and the body of its animating influences, which
enfeeble the constitution and result in IMPOTENCY
PARALYSIS and INSANITY; if you are tormented with morbid
fear and your days are passed with distressing thoughts of
your disease— then cast aside all false modesty and place your-
self under the treatment of this noted specialist. His experi-
ence in treating such cases has been world-wide: he has cured
thousands of others and he CAN CURE YOU. •
CHRONIC DISEASES "',.;'
Of the THROAT,: KIDNEYS, STOMACH and LIVER Derma
nently cured, so that there will be no fear of a relapse In the
GONORRHOEA, GLEET, STRICTURE and that terrible and
loathsome disease SYPHILIS thoroughly and forever cured
THE POOR who call at his offices on Friday afternoons "are
welcome to the doctor's valuable services free of charge
WRITE '
Your troubles If living away from the city. Thousands am
cured at home by means of correspondence and medicines
sent them. Letters are answered in ENGLISH FRFNiri-i
GERMAN, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN and DAN llh. Hi
OFFICE HOURS : 9 A.M. to 12 M, 2to 5 and 7toBP. M.
Sundays, 10 A. M. to 12 M. only.
ADDRESS :
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
Market Street,
| OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL,WHERE VOTES WILL FALL
Republican County Committee
men Select Primary Polling-
Places.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CALL.
The Appointment of Election Officers
Is Deferred Until Next Mon«
day Night.
The Republican county committeemen
selected last evening the thirty-six|polling
places at which the delegates to the State
Convention will be voted for at the regular
Republican primary next Wednesday.
All the eighteen members of the com
mittee were on nand at the crowded Re
publican headquarters at SSO Market street
and the members representing the Fourth
and Fifth districts formed separate bodies
for the transaction of business. As the
business was that of arranging details the
committees held executive meetings in
private rooms.
The division of the various Assembly
districts iuto two polling districts each,
the fixing of polling places and the adop
tion of slight amendments to the election
call adopted a week ago constituted the
work accomplished. The list of polling-
places and the precincts comprising the
polling districts will be found in the offi
cial call, published entire in another col
umn of this paper. Most of the county
committeemen hied their nominations for
election officers, but election olficere will
not be officially named until next Monday
evening.
Both committees decided that the hours
Originally fixed at from 9 a. m. to 7 f. m.
wore unnecessarily long and the call was
amended by providing that the polls
should be open from Ito7p. m. Another
amendment makes it necessary that nomi
nations for delegates to be voted for be
tiled with the secretary of the proper com
mittee on or before noon of next Monday
to receive recognition.
The polling-places named by the county
committcemen were in nearly every in
stance approved after careful considera
tion of the surroundings and the oonven
ienco of the places named. The division
of the Assembly districts into polling dis
tricts was likewise carefully considered
with reference to an equal division of the
voting strength and the convenience of the
re.-idents. There was entire harmony in
both committees as to the action taken
and all interests were given fair consider
ation, as they will be in the selection of
election officers.
The committees will meet again next
Monday evening at Republican headquar
ters to appoint election officers and com
plete the details of primary arrange
ments.
Republicans throughout the City are
taking a lively interest in the coming pri
mary and in most of the districts tickets
are being made up.
In the Forty-first District the Repub
lican clubs have federated for the purpose
of nominating a ticket and one of these,
the McKinley Club, will meet to-night at
I^o9 Polk street to select its quota ot nom
inees.
Sixty-eight members of the Republican
Executive Council met in Judge Bahr's
courtroom attiieCitj' Hall last evening and
finally decided that the present evecutive
committee should be the campaign com
mittee. William Schmedke and J. Good
man were admitted as delegates from the
nnwiy organized club of the Thirty-first
District. It was decided that the execu
tive committee should meet on other
nights than those on which the council
meets, in order to facilitate business.
At a meeting of the Young Men's Re
publican Club of the Thirty-third Assem
bly District at the clubrooms, corner of
Twenty-second and Harrison streets,
Thursday, the following officers were
eleced: Thomas Haynes, president;
Thomas Burns, vice-president; Joseph
McLaughlin, secretary; William J. Des
mond, treasurer. Speeches were made by
J. Kennedy, J. Webb and many others.
The glee club also sang several song?.
Forty additional names were signed to tiie
roll, making a membership of seventy-live.
The club adjourned to meet April 23.
CANINES IN A BIG SHOW
The Pacific Kennel Club Pre
paring an Extensive
Exhibition.
George Gould, August Bulmont, Her.
man Oelrichs and Other Prominent
Fanciers to Make Entries.
The Pacific Kennel Club is preparing
for what its president, H. Bier, confidently
asserts will be by far the biggest bench
Bhow ever held on this coast. He calcu
lates that over 500 dogs will be exhibited,
and entries are already commencing to ar
rive at the office of the bench show com
mittee at 628 Market street, though the in
tending exhibitors have until April 28 to
make their entries. The show is dated for
May 8, 9 and 10.
For several weeks the president and the
bench show committee, consisting of T. J.
Watson (chairman), Howard Vernon (sec
retary), C. A. Haight, Len D. Owens and
E. W. Briggs, has been in active corre
spondence with prominent dog breeders
all over the country. One of the chief re
sults of this activity has been the securing
of the services of James Mortimer of Long
Island as judge. Mortimer has judged all
the prominent shows in the country this
year, and is considered the greatest Ameri
can kennel authority. «
Amone the prominent breeders who
have been induced to interest themselves
in the show are George Gould and August
Beimont. These gentlemen, with others
of almost equal prominence, are getting
together a carload of fancy dogs from
Pennsylvania and Virginia. It is ex
pected' that there will be an exhibit of the
famous bloodhounds from the peniten
tiary at Baton Rouge, La. Herman Oel
richs has entered his famous English set
ter Doch H. A string of dogs is also to be
brought from Victoria, B. C, and from the
tone of the letters received from fanciers at
that place the exhibit :s expected to be a
very strong one.
The first entry to be made was by the
president of the club, who has entered his
famous pointer Capay or "Cap." as his
owner prefers to call l,im. Capay is the
dog chosen lo represent California at the
Eastern lield tries, though owing to the
feet that he has since sustained a broken
rib, a new field champion may have to be
chosen. Cap's sire, the famous English
champion, Glenbeigh, is to.be entered by
Howard \ ernon. Glenbeigh is declared to
be the only dog that ever won the double
event in England, and he has been an in
variable winner in this country. T J
Watson i will enter "Starlight," the winner
of the Pacific Coaat field trials of Bakers
lieid.
Among the features of popular interest,
will be the larjre exhibit of St. Bernards
President Bier expects at least seventy-five
eistnes in this cUum irom San Francisco,
and th»;e will be numerous crackaiacks
from abroad to compete with them." Dr
Veccbl will exhibit a number of dachs
bunl-s the elongated little dogs which
v «ve became familiar through the pages of
the comic papers, though these are the
tirst brought to this coast. A number of
griffons, a species of retriever seldom seen
here, will also he exhibited.
Arrangements have been made to set
apart an afternoon for each of the orphan
asylums, when the inmates will be ad
mitted free. Besides the exhibition the
committee have in view a number of spe
cial attractions the nature of which they
are not yet prepared to divulge.
FILTHY BREAD BAKERIES.
Labor Bureau Inspectors Unearth a
"Wretched State of Affairs.
A disgusting state of things is being
revealed by the inspection of bake-shops
now in progress under the auspices of the
State Bureau of Labor Statistics. The
special inspectors found one shop at North
Beach under a sidewalk where there was
a toilet room with very bad drainage. The
darkness, damp and Ptench were reported
to be very bad. In another shop, south of
Market street, the sewers were found to
have rotted, and the board floor floated
upon a mass of liquid riith, which oozed
up through the cracks under the slightest
pressure. Cockroaches were found to
abound in many of the underground places,
and in almost all there was evident need
of whitewash. The kneading troughs,
tables and ovens were discovered to be very
filthy in many oi the shops.
The news of the inspection is traveling
about among the pastry cooks, and in a
number of the shops the inspectors found
that preparations had been made for their
reception, the smell of fresh suds and
chloride of lime being strongly percep
tible. Many of the workmen were found
very poorly housed and wretchedly paid.
The baker's' and Pastry Cooks' Union will,
it is understood, soon take measures to
ameliorate the condition of the employes
in the shops.
COLUMBIA RIVER SALMON
Revival of Old Conflicts Between
Washington and
Oregon.
Danger That the Present Condition of
Things May Cause Trouble in
the Market.
Thinfs on the Columbia River, accord
ing to recent advices, commence to look
' stormy. The old quarrel between Oregon
, and Washington regarding the mode of
j fishing in the river is developing adoi
-1 tional bitterness, while, to cap the climax,
] a grind strike among the salmon-fishers
, is reported.
"This strike r»>likely to prove serious,"
i remarked Chiof Deputy Fish Comiuis
! sioner Babcook yesterday. "It appears
that the rishermen have decided not to
work or permit others to fish in any por
j tion of the river unless the canneriesguar-
I antee the payment of 5 cents for every
j pound of salmon bought by them. This
| will brine about a strange state of things
jin the market. The Alaskan canners and
those to the south of the Columbia pay
from 3}4 to 4^ cents a pound for salmon,
! and some of them find it hard to mate
! their business pay even at those rates.
j The Columbia, however, is the headquar-
I ters for the cream of salmondom. In that
i river, for some reason beat known to
i themselves, the elite, the veritable 400 of
i the salmon tribe, love to congregate.
Hence, Columbia River salmon has al
ways commanded a gilt-edged price. A
considerable quantity of Alaska salmon is
j said to have been palmed off as the Colum
! bia article, but not to such an extent as to
i discredit the brand.
'•Now, if this strike is to continue
| throughout the s-ea^on, the canned salmon
! product will fall 300.000 or 400,000 cases
, short. The only result this can have will
be to raise the price of the Alaskan and
i Californian product and also to cause a
scarcity in the market. It maybe, how
i ever, that some adjustment will be reached
j and sucn a condition of affairs averted.
"As to the Columbia River difficulty be
: tween the States of Oregon and Washinsr
i ton, I thought the courts had done some
; thing to conciliate both sides, but the
j matter has apparently cropped up again.
i Oregon has protective laws and Washing
ton has not, hence the constantly recurring
conflicts between rishermen and officials.
It would be well if the case were set at
rest once and for all by some competent
judicial or governmental authority, as the
present conditions frequently occasion
complications. Undoubtedly some exag-
I gerated reports have reached us, but there
must be some truth in them, and the
matter, in my opinion, calls for speedy
I adjustment."
SCHUETZEN CLUB PRIZES
Brilliant Festival Held in Ein
tracht Hall Last
Night.
The World's Centennial Cup Filled
and Refilled With
Champagne.
A festival in honor of the prize-winners
at last Sunday's shoot in San Rafael was
held by the California Schuetzen Club in
Verein Eintracht Hall on Twelfth street,
near Howard, Thursday ni^ht.
There was music, dancing, the awarding
of prizes and a general i ood time.
One of the features of the occasion was
the customary introduction of the silver
cup won in the world's contest by the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club at the Centennial
in Philadelphia in 1876.
The handsome ana costly tankard was
filled with champagne and passed from
hand to hand and lip to lip among the
ladies and gentlemen present.
The team winning the cup was com
posed of the following well-known marks
men: PhiJo Jacoby, the organizer of the
team; A. Strecker, A. Rahwyler. William
Koenig, William Strenly, J. A. Bauer and
William Ehrenpfort.
Before the dancing, to music furnished
by Ritzau's band, was begun, Dr. Muffe
and Philo Jacoby made snort addresses.
There were 150 prizes in all. The prin
cipal honorary prizes were as follows: H.
H. Burfeind 74, silver set; J. Dornbier
74, same prize; A. Strecker 71. same; Cap
tain Kuhls 71, same; J. Utsctiig 70, same;
A. Gehret 70, same; D. W. McLaughlin
70, same; N. Ahrens 70, same; E. Ladd
69, dozen teaspoon j; J. Jones 69, one-half
dozen forks*; C. Egingfif), carving set; F.
E. Mason 68, clock; L. Hauser 68, spoonB;
W. Glindeman 68, ladle; C. J. Walden
68, silver forks; D. B. Factor 68, spoons;
Dr. Rod^era 68, silver watch; T. P.
Schuster 68, spoons; C. Thierbach 67,
rase whisky; F. Kuhnle 67, clock; C.
Heeth 67, clock; R. Langer 66, lady's
watch:- J. F. Fitz 66, dessert spoons; A.
Raubold 66, pair trousers; F. A. Miller
66, Dair shoes; R. Finking 66, set of
carvers; F. Ottinger 66, silver pitcher; L.
Ritzau 66, case whisky; A. Pape 66,
spoons; Philo Jacoby 66, oil painting.
A very rich gold strike has been made in
Willow Creek district, on the Boise belt,
near Boise, Idaho. The strike is in the
Checkmate mine. It is estimated that the
ore runs stiOOO per ton in sold, and there is
a foot of this rich streak. This ledge is
32 feet wide, and all the rest of the ore is
high grade, though nothing to compare to
the bonanza streak.
Goodness, gracious! I'm well already. Uow
quickly Mitchell's Magic Lotion acts] *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
DEATH UNDER GROUND
Workmen in the Newton Copper
Mines Said to Be in
Peril.
THEY MAY BE DROWNED OUT.
Labor Commissioners Will Ask the
Legislature for a Special Mine
Inspector;
One of the engineers who formerly
worked at the Newton Copper Mines in
Amador County, has a story to tell, which,
if not exaggerated, reveals a cynical disre
gard for human life on the part of the
owner of the property. The engineer,
who does not wish his name to be pub
lished, states that the mine is entered
through a shaft 400 feet deep, which
descends obliquely into the earth. He says
further:
The shaft was sunk in the early fifties, and
is improperly timbered throughout, and in
great danger of caving in. There is no other
means of egress from the mine, save by an old
air-shaft about 200 feet away from the place
where most of the men have to work. Neither
shaft is provided with ladders, and the only
mode of ascent or descent is by means of
buckets on the main shaft, which can at most
carry two men at a time.
To add to the danger and discomlort, the
mines are lull of water, the buckets being kept
continually in operation and baling out about
45.000 gallons or water daily. Owing to the
dangerous and uncomfortable conditions
which surround the workmen few remain any
length of tinie, some staying only a day or
two. This circumstance enables a certain
large employment agency in this City to turn
what its managers probably call an honest
penny. This establishment charges engineers
$5 and miners $3 for positions which after a
short while they find themselves obliged to
leave, when other men are sent by the agency
at the same rate. The state of the mine is a
coustant menace to the lives of the workmen
employea in it.
The engineer was advised to lay the case
before the State Bureau of Labor Statis
tics, which .he did. The Commissioners
took his statement and made investiga
tions which convinced them that the man's
assertion, far frorc being exapgerateC, was
hardly an adequate presentation of the
facts.
"There should be a governmental inspec
tion of the interior worK of mines." said
the Commissioner. "The State Mining Bu
reau has six special deputies or field men;
but their work is the compilation of sta
tistics only, and the law gives them no
authority to make anything in the nature
of a personal underground investigation.
In the Civil Code of California there is an
act entitled, 'An Act tor the Protection of
Miners,' which provides that ladders, tun
nels and other means of escape in case of
accident be maintained.
"At the next session of the Legislature
we intend to ask for the appointment of a
special mine inspector, to ne attached to
this bureau. He will confine his investi
gations to the conditions which surround
the miners."
BURNING BOGUS MOSEY.
Tom of Counterfeiters' Productions
Going Into a Furnace.
j Five tons of counterfeit money, machines
and other of the paraphernalia necessary
to the manufacture of the "queer" will be
destroyed in Washington -within a few
day*. . ■• ,\
So great a quantity of material of this
sort has been collected during the last year
in the secret service division of the treasury
that its destruction has become necessary.
Just now it is carefully put away in boxes
and packages, each labeled with a record
of its contents.
As much care is taken of bad money as
of good money, because it would never do
to have the counterfeits get into circula
tion again through neglect. Every penny
in bogus coin or paper must be strictly
accounted for, and a deficit would be con
sidered as serious a matter as a theft from
the cashroom.
A few days from now the Secretary of
the Treasury will select three of his most
trusted men and will appoint them a com
mittee to superintend the destruction of
the products of criminal ingenuity at pres
ent on hand. Every package will be
opened in their presence, and they will
watch the counting of the contents, which
must correspond to the memorandum in
the record book.
Finally, all of the coin, as well as metal
tools and other apparatus, will be carried
downstairs and put aboard one of the big
ironclad wagons which are used by the de
partment for carrying money. The wagon,
guarded by armed men and followed by
the committee in a carriage, will proceed
to the Washington Navy-yard.
By a special arrangement with the Sec
retary of the Navy, one of the great blast
furnaces in the gunshop will be placed at
the disposal of the committee. The
weighty packages will then be taken from
the wagon and stacked up in front of the
furnace, which is li^e unto that one which
was seven times heated.
Into it tfle stuff will be unceremoniously
shoveled — the coin first and then the coun
terfeiters' machines, engraved steel plates
for false notes, implements of various
kinds, etc. Such things as jimmies and
brass Knuckles go with the rest. In the
lot will be a great quantity of metal
tokens, representing money, such as are
used by manufacturing aud mining com
panies, particularly in the South, for pay
ing their employes. Many of these token's,
the use of which is forbidden by law, bear
a rough resemblance to United States
coins.
Together with the lot go in not a few
things of odd sorts. Among them are ad
vertising tags of tin, made in rude imita
tion of silver quarters. These are not in
tended to serve a criminal purpose, but the
Secret Service gobbles them up just the
same.
The law says that nothing in the like
ness of any security of the United States
shall be permitted. In the collection now
on hand are a number of so-called coia
clusters intended for paper-weights. They
represent clusters of gold and silver pieces.
Of course nobody could pass them as
money, but they come under the statute,
and, besides, there is a special objection to
them.
Coin counterfeiters are apt to have a few
of them on hand, so that if caught they
may pretend that they were merely en
gaged in the manufacture of paper-weights.
I'he great majority of false coins are
made with plaster molds. Such molds are
carried to the navy-yard with the rest of
the material, but are not put into the fur
nace. They are merely knocked to pieces
with hammers, which is an equally effec
tive method of destroying them. What is
cast into the furnace, including the ma
chinery and tools, is melted and reduced
to unrecognizable shape.
It is sold eventually by the Navy De
partment as so much old metal. There is
a small amount of silver in it, inasmuch
as bogus silver pieces are always plated
with silver nowadays by the up-to-date
counterfeiter.
Thus far nothing has been said of the
way in which the paper counterfeits are
destroyed. They are put into a big tank
with hot water and acids, and are cooked
and f tirred about for many hours, until at
length they are reduced to the condition
of pulp.
The pulp is dried, pressed into thick
sheets and sold for paper stock. The
process is the same as that which is ap
plied to the damaged paper money re
deemed by the treasury. Into the great
vat a few days hence will go great quanti
ties of "flash money," which term is used
to describe the printed advertisements in
imitation of the National currency, with
which the country is at all times flooded,
notwithstanding the utmost efforts of the
Government to suppress them. They are
confiscated wherever the detectives of the
Secret Service come across them.
Calendars bearing likenesses of silver
certificates and hat-bands with representa
tions of gold coins come under this head.
Not lone; ago a large number of soda
water checks resembling nickel pieces
were seized in Chicago. — New York Sun.
SOME PBOHTABLE HISTOBIES.
The Kecprd Made by Macaulay Still
Unbroken in England or America.
There were published in this cquntry
last year 185 historical works, eight of
them being new editions of works before
published and 129 being by American
authors. Publishers are shy of a new his
torian, and his manuscript is not accepted
without strong commendation from ex
perts especially employed to pass upon it.
Doubtless many of last year's historical
works were published with the financial
aid of the authors. Nevertheless a pub
lisher is glad to have on his list a success
ful historical work covering a peculiar
field. Sucn a work is not likely to have
an immediate sale approaching that of a
popular novel, but the sale of the latter
may cease at the ena of three months,
wi-ile the sale of the other may continue
for a quarter of a century or more. The
prospective profit to a publisher is greater
in the case of a standard history than in
that of a popular novel, unless .the latter
be of an unusually high order.
Macaulay's History was perhaps the
first historical work in the English tongue
to have an enormous popular success, its
sale in the first year of publication has not
since been surpassed by that of any his
torical work, and the check for £20,000.
paid to Macaulay by his publishers, was
the largest single check paid to an author
for literary work until the payment made
for General Grant's Memoirs. The sale of
Macaulay's work in this country was very
great, asit soon appeared in several edi
tions. The work is still selling well in
both Great Britain and the United States.
Two or three of Macaulay's British suc
cessors have had great success both in this
country and at home. Green's "Short
History of the English People" has al
most rivaled Macaulay's history in popu
larity, and, indeed, may yet outsell it. It
bus been made a school textbook in Great
Britain and the United States,. and this
has enormously increased its sale. Some
of the dry summaries that pass for school
histories have sold by hundreds of thou
sands, but they are hardly to be considered
in any discussion of the popularity of his
tory of literature.
Green's longer work also has sold widely
on both sides of the Atlantic, and now tbe
elaborately illustrated four-volume edition
of the "bhort History" is having a re
markable sale for so expensive a book.
Green's success is the more striking in
that his work goes over ground that hud
already been covered in works of moderate
size by others, and is a signal instance of
ihe value that style may give to a popular
history. Froude s "History of England,"
although it extends to many volume's,
speedily hs.d a large sale on both sides of
the Atlantic, and is still selling, although
the method of the author has been as
sailed bitterly.
Freeman, who would not have cared to
be called a rival of Froude, has not had
his popular success either at home or in
America, although the i: Norman Con
quest," standing alone as it does, has sold
well in both countries. Lecky has had a
good sale on this side as well "as at home,
but Sir Henry Maine and other specialists
in history have never become really popu
lar. McCarthy's "History of Our Own
Times," a strictly popular woric, has had a
great sale in one authorized and many
private editions on this side. Had inter
national copyright been an accomplished
fact before the publication of McCarthy's
work the author would have been some
thousands of dollars better off. Bryce's
"American Commonwealth," which is, of
course, descriptive and philosophical
rather than historical, has had a large
sale here and abroad, and is a very valu
able property to both author and pub
lisher.
Prescott has had a greater popular suc
cess than any other American historian, not
even excepting Motley. His works are
still selling in large numbers. Bancroft,
although of wide repute, was never really
popular, and tt.e aggregate sale of his his
tory in the last forty-five years has been
probably much smaller than his readers
suppose. Motley had a quick success with
his Dutch histories, and they are still in
ready demand, as they have been from the
time of their publication.
Parkman's popularity has greatly in
crease i within the past twenty years. His
first work, "The Oregon Trail. 1 ' published
nearly fifty years ago, was so successful
that lie published nothing else for fifteen
years. Though it stands apart from his
other works, it has come to share iheir
popularity. The book was written as the
result of a hunting trip to the far North
west, and was not a part of any historic
plan. His works in twelve volumes are
now selling freely throughout this coun
try and in Canada.
McMaster's first volume attracted much
attention and had a good sale. The long
delay between the appearance of the first
and the second volume injured the sale of
the work as a whole. The fact is that Mr.
McMaster lost the manuscript of his sec
ond volume on a railway train, and the
publication of the volume was delayed
while he rewrote it. Of more recent his
tories that of J. F. Rhodes and Campbell's
"The Puritan in Holland, England and
America" have had unusual success for
historical works of their length. All of
John Fiske's historical works have had a
large sale, and the "Critical Period of
American History" is one of the greatest
popular successes in American 1 iteratnre.
His works as a whole are an extremely
handsome property to the publisher, and
he is one oi the few historians who may
count upon a larse sale for any work that
he may write. The constitutional history
of Yon Hoist, now at length seemingly
finished, has sold largely for so long and
serious a work.
All things considered, the best known
modern historians, both British and
American, have found their work profita
ble, though probably none on either side
of the Atlantic has received nearly so
much for a single work as Macaulay. Per
haps the pecuniary value of historical
writing cannot be better illustrated than
by the fact that the worts, largely his
torical, of a deceased American author,
although the copyrights have all expired,
are still esteemed by his publishers the
most profitable books on their list.
KING PKEMPEH'S JEWELS.
Their Arrival in London — Value Placed
at About SIO.OOO.
Some days aeo Sir Francis Scott depos
ited at the offices of the crown agents for
the colonies such of the gold and jewels
belonging to King Prempeli as the British
were able to lay tiands upon ana to bring
to this country in respect of the war in
demnity due from As**«e* in connection
with the recent and forays.- expedition to
Coomassie. These jewels were kept under
lock and key until yesterday afternoon,
when they were laid out on a large table
in the office for the inspection of Mr.
Chamberlain and the heads of the
various departments of the Colonial
Office. Sir Montagu Onimanney, Senior
crown agent for the colonies, informed
press representatives that, including some
bags of gold dust which formed part of the
consignment, he did not think the in
trinsic value of the property would exceed
£2000, but of course, rare and curious ex
amples of barbaric skill and splendor often
had a value of their own far in excess of
that indicated by the weight of the precious
metal of which they were composed. The
whole collection, however, was far smaller
than that brought home after the Ashantee
war, some specimens of which were to be
found at the Imperial Institute and British
Museum, while other articles were dis
posed of to dealers in curiosities, and the
residue of ornaments went to the snielt
ini;-pot.
It was. said the crown agent, a notable
fact that, whereas the former jewels were
all of sol id Heavy gold, those brought home
as tne result of the more recent expedition
were mostly hollow aud consequently
less valnable, although composed of the
purest gold. The most striking feature
of the collection is a crown, probably that
worn by the monarch. The body of the
crown ig made of antelope skin and the in
ner lining is of coarse yellow silk or plush,
On each side is a lapel apparently in
tended to meet below the chin and fasten
there. The ornaments upon this curious
headdress are of pure soft gold, and they
comprise representations of human heads,
jawbones and lions, the whole being sur
mounted by two goats' horns of
cold. Much of the treasure con
sists of component parts of neck
laces, waistbands, etc., but Sir Mon
tagu called special attention to what is
presumed to be the badge of office of the
public executioner of Coomassie. At the
top and bottom of this strange ornament
are representations of human bodies with
out heads, and in the center is the execu
tioner with his drawn sword or execution
knife in his hand. All these figures are of
gold, and the badge, which is of hide, is
provided with strings by which it is fast
ened upon the breast. There is also an
execution knife or sword, slightly curved.
With its cutting edge on the inside. The
weapon appeals to have done much ser
vice. The handle, like most of the swords
and knives in the collection, is clothed
with leopard skin and terminates in a
huge golden ball. After inspection by Mr.
Chamberlain and other privileged persons
the valuables were again locked up to await
decision as to their disposal. — London
Times.
Scarlet fever and cerebro-spinal menin
gitis are frequent causes of deafness.
NEW TO-DAY.
Notice to the Republican Voters of
San Francisco.
Official Call for a Primary Election
In That Portion of San Francisco
Comprising the Fourth Congres-
sional District.
At a in ret mc of the Kepnblican County Commit-
teemen of that portion of tbe City und County of
San Francisco embraced within the Fourth Con-
gressional District held on the 3d day of Ap:il,
1896, the following resolutions were adopted :
Whereas. The Republican State Central Com-
mittee of the state of California on the •JSth day
of February, 18S6, issued a cail for a Republican
State Convention, to be held in the city of B»cra-
mento, State of California, on the 6th day of May.
1896, and also for Republican District conventions
in and for the several Congressional districts of the
State of California, to select delfgates to the Re-
publican National Convention to be held In St.
Louis, Mo., on the 16th day of June. 1896. and for
the transaction of such other aud further business
as may be brought before the said State and dis-
trict conventions: and
Whereas. The said State Central Committee at
itsaforusaid meeting and In said cal! provided that
tbe basis of representation la said conventions
should be as follows: One delegate for each As-
sembly district within the Congressional dis rict:
one delegate for each '200 vot. s cast for the Hon.
M. M. Estee, the Republican candidate for Gover-
nor in 1894, and on<* delegate for each fraction of
100 votes or over; and
Whkkeas, In accordance with the said last-
named provision the Fourth congressional Dis-
trict is entitled to sixty-six delegates in said Stale
and district conventions: anil
WitKRF.AS, The aforesaid state Central Commit-
tee, by a resolution duly and reeularly passed,
further provided that the members of the State
Central Committee for each Congressional district
should constitute a committee whose duty it
should be to select a Congressional committee of
seven persons from the resident of each such dis-
trict, in whom should be vested the power and
authority to provide for tbo selection of delegates
to the said .State and district conventions within
their respective districts; and
Wherras, At a meeling of the said members of
the said state Central Committee from the Fourth
Congressional District duly and regularly held
within said district, the said committee of" seven
*as duly and regularly selected to compose said
Conere.«;<ijoual committee and was invested with
the powers and duties delegated to such Congres-
sional committee hy the Republican National
Committee and by the said State Central Commit-
tee : and
Wheeeas, The said Congressional committee
of seven, in and ;or the said Fourth Congressional
District, at a meeting thereof held on tbe 13th day
of March. 1896. duly adopted a resolution delegat-
ing to the Republican County Committeemen for
that portion of the City and County of Han Fran-
cisco embraced in the Fourth Congressional District
the power and discretion to determine the manner
and supervision of the selection of delegatfs to ihe
said State ami district conventions and to provide
for the selection thereof, by nppointment.or by pri-
mary election, as In their discretion shall "seem
best, subject, however, to the supervision of said
Congressional committee of seven. Now, therefore
be it
Resolved, That the Republican County Commit-
teeiuen of the City and County of San Francisco
embraced within the Fourth Congressional District,
ar-ting under and in pursuance of Its aforesaid au-
thority, do hereby order and call a primary elec-
tion to be held in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, that ponion thereof embraced within the
Fourth Congressional District, on the 15th day of
April. 1806. for the purpose hereinafter specified.
In ac-ordance with the laws governing primary
elections as prescribed hy the Political ana Penal
Codes of the state of California.
Resolved, That said primary election shall be
held on the 15th day of April, 1896, the polls to be
Icppt open continuously between the hours of one
(1) o'clock and seveu (7) o'clock in the afternoon
of said day.
Resolved, That there shall be two polling-places
in each Assembly district In the City and County
of San Francisco embraced within the said Fourth
Congressional District, nnd that for each of said
polling-places the board of election shall consist of
one inspector, two judges and twoclerka.
Resolved, That the polling-places must be on the
ground floor and the ballot-boxes be so placed as
to be plainly seen from the sidewalk, and that free
and uninterrupted ineress must be given In each
polling-place to electors entitled to vote thereat,
and also to such representative or alternate of each
set of candidates that may be voted for at each
polling-place as shall present the credentials here-
inafter provided for to the board of election at such
polling-place.
Resolved, That printed cards of admission to each
of the polling-places shall be given to the repre-
sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
same. The said request must bo in wr ting and
signed by a majority of the candidntes on each set
of tickets. The cards ofadmission shall be signed
by the chairman and secretary of this committee
and shall contain the name of the party entitled to
admission and the polling-place at which it Is In-
tended to be used. The officers of election may
give permission to said persons presenting said
cards of admission to enter the polling-place before
the opening of the polio and to remain there
until the canvass Is completed and all the re urns
are properly signed and sealed up. In the event
of the failure on the part of the election officers to
admit snch persons holding cards of admission to
the polling-place, such person may call upon the
police officers aetailed for such duty at such poll-
ing-place, and such police officer may use all law-
ful means to take such person inside the polling-
place. The Chief of Police is requested to give
ins r ctions to his officers to enforce this resolu-
tion. Persons boidlng cards of admission maybe
relieved by a duly appointed and authorized alter-
nate, who shall have the same rights and privi-
leges as the rirst regular representative upon pre-
sentation of the card of admission issued to tne
said original representative.
Resolved, That no barricade or other obstruction
shall be erected or maintained in front of any
polling-place, but that the said polling-place shall
be free from all obstructions, as they are at general
elections, and we hereby give notice that no returns
will be received or counted as official from any
polling-place where this provision has been
violated.
Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each poll-
ing-place must remain in plain unobstructed
view from the opening to the close of the polls,
and be so placed that the voter may easily see the
top of the box and his ballot deposited. The rep-
resentatives of all tickets roust be permitted to ro-
main Inside the polling-place and In such position
that they can at all times witness unobstructed
the reception of the ballot from the voter and the
depositing of the same in the ballot-box by the in-
spector or judge of elections who receives the bal-
lot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or sollcft-
ingof votes shall be permitted within 100 feet of
the polls, and tbe committee requests the police
c.tli«-r» on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district,
showing the boundaries of its various precincts,
shall be posted in a conspicuous place outside of
the polling-places.
Resolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge in the laws of the State governing gen-
eral elections this committee hereby directs ana
orders that t:-.e following and additional test be
given to voters: "I believe In Republican princi-
ples and Indorse the Republican policy, and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican party."
Resolved, That this committee shall procure and
provide for each polling-place a ballo;-box, such as
is used at the general elections, aud also at least
two copies of the precinct reclster, embracing th«
boundaries of the Assembly District, and for each
particular pollins-place one copy of such precinct
register must remain at all times inside of tbe
polling-place and retained by the election board
for the purposes of ascertaining whether the name
of tbe voter appears on snch precinct register, and
to place a check opposite the name of tbe voter
afti-r h" has voted.
Resolved, That for safd primary election only the
printed precinct registers used at ihe general elec-
tion held In isovember, 1894, shall be used, and
no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
does not appear in the precinct register In one of
the precincts within the polling districts of tbe
Assembly distnet in which he offers to vote.
Resolved, That the delegates elected from the
City and county of San Francisco, in and for said
Congressional District, at said primary election,
shall be and they are hereby empowered and au-
thorized to meet In said state Convention and in
•aid District Convention, and to transact tn« busi-
ness provided in the call of the National Republi-
can Committee and the Republican state Central
Committee. . • -\ ;■■..-.-.-. .
Resolved, ■ That in pursuance of the provisions of
the call i of : the Republican National Committee
. and of. the Republican State Central Committee
the election of delegates to the said State and Dis-
trict conventions will be held In and by Assembly
districts, v Each Assam b'y district of the said City
and County of San I Francisco within said Fourth
Congressional" District is to elect the number of
delegates hereinafter provided. . : ,■ . ■■:■ ' ■ •■■:-■.
', Resolved, That the number of delegates to be
selected from the several Assembly districts of the
City and. County of San Francisco embraced with-
in said Fourth Congressional District and appor-
tionment thereof is as follows: ■■ ■■■■■'.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District-Fve (5) dele-
gates. ' - ,-:'-- ■•.:--- - - — ■ ■ ',-, ■
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— Five (5) dele-
gates. - ■-....- .-..."■ . :.-.-,
• Thirtieth Assembly District— Six (6) delegates.
Thirty-first Assembly District— Six (6) delegates.
Thirty-second Assembly District— Four (4) dele-
gates. --'- ' . v. ;-.
Thirty-third Assembly District— Six (6) delegates.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Nine (9) dele-
gates. '.-' ■-. 7 - -?. - . ■■ • .
■-.- Forty-second Assembly District— Seven (7) dele-
gates. • ;.-■«• ■'■-:■■-.; "... ,-.:.y>. - .. .. ..- .. , • ■
Forty-third Assembly District— Seven (7) dele-
gates. - il - ■■'.■ • • .-■- ..- ;-. . .-'. - .-
Forty-fourth Assembly District— (6) dele-
gates. ■ . •
Forty-fifth Assembly District— Five (5) dele-
gates. - .
The number of delegates so apportioned most
be voted for by Assembly districts.
Resolved, That all ballots voted at the primary
election roust be twelve Inches in length and six
inches wide. The paper shall be of a color,
and, shall be in the type ■ required by the election
laws now in force, ana r.orded as follows:
: ' J '-' v. r ' '; - "— — Assemby District
-■■■'- ■■■■ • ' --'. for - ■- . .
Delegates to Republican State Convention, and
-Republican -District Convention for the Fourth
. Congressional District." ■_. -:.
Numbers to be followed consecutively according
to the, number of delegates to which each Assem-
bly District may be entitled.
Resolved, That the time and manner of the pub-
lication of the notice of said primar- election shall
be.by. publishing; the entire call for said primary
election in- a newspaper of general circulation pub-
lished in the City and County of San Francisco,
for at least - five days prior to and including said
day on which the primary election is to be held.
Resolved, That within one hour after the canvass
of the vote at each polling-place, and when all the
returns have been properly signed and sealed by
the election* board and clerks of election, the re-
turns must be brought in properly sealed packages
by one of . the election board designated by the
board for that purpose, to the chairman of this
committee, at the place previously designated for
that purpose. The chairman of this committee !
shall mark on each package received by him the I
day and hour of. its receipt. He shall also give a !
receipt -to the party from whom he receives the !
package. ' The chairman of this committee shall
take all necessary care and precaution for the safe-
keeping of all packages delivered to him and keep
them la his cusiody intact and unopened until the
time designated for the opening and canvassing of i
the returns. > . :- ..
, Resolved. That this committee be and is hereby
constituted a returning and canvassing board to
open the returns from each polling place, foot up
the returns and the total number of votes cast for
each candidate for delegate to said State and dis-
trict conventions. This committee shall meet in
said City of San Francisco in the evening of the
day on which said primary election is held to open
and canvass the said returns and continue in ses-
sion until all the returns from each and every poll-
ing-place have been fully canvassed. : After the
returns have been completely canvassed they
shall be certified by this committee to the Con-
fressional committee of seven in and for the said
'ourth Congressional District, which will act as a
returning board thereon and will certify the result
thereof to the aforesaid State and district conven-
tions. The said meetings of this committee shall
be public. •-.-:•■-•-. ■ .
Resolved, That in all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fall . to vote for tne apportion-
ment of delegates to which they may be entitled,
or where fraud at the said primary election is
proven. beyond question to this committee, then
this committee shall have power to appoint the
delegates to ; represent said * district in said State
and, district conventions, and shall certify their
said appointment to the said Congressional com-
mittee of seven in and for said district.' . - ■■
Resolved, That the committee hereby insists that
a free' and un trammeled ballot and an honest
count must be carried out and rigidly enforced at
said primary election: that all attempts to deviate
from this principle should be discountenanced, and
that those- guilty of frauds or parties thereto should
be disbarred from said and all other conventions,
and tv at if it shall appear at any polling-place that
there is or has been any fraud or wrong committed,
or the rights of any citizen to cast his free and un-
trammeled ballot and,- to have the same honestly
counted has been in any way interfered with, this
committee will set aside and declare null and void
the election at said polling-place, and shall proceed
to provide the representation to which said district
is entitled in said convention, as above set forth.
The election officers in this call provided for will
receive their- credentials, election paraphernalia,
at the rooms of this committee.
All tickets to be vo.ed for at said primary elec-
tion shall be filed with the secretary of this com-
mittee on or before 12 o'clock noon Monday, April
13, 1896, and all votes cast at said primary eiec-
tion for persons other than persons whose "names
appear upon one or more of such tickets shall be
counted as scattering. . v
The Assembly districts within the Fourth Con-
gressional District are divided into polling districts
and polling places therefor fixed as follows:
Twenty-eighth District— Polling-tilace No. 1, 122
Second street; precincts 7 to 15 inclusive. Poll-
ing-place No. 2, 415 Folsom street; precincts 'l to
6 inclusive and 16, 17, 1«. > ....
Twenty-ninth District — Polling-place No. 1,
728Va Howard street: precincts 2, 5, 6, 7, 10, 11,
14. lb, 17, 18. Polling-place No. 2. 810 Howard I
street; precincts 1, 3, 4, 8, 9, 12. 13, 16, 19.
. Thirtieth .District— Polling- placa No. 1, 1006
Howard; precincts 1, 2, 3,4, 6, 6, 7, 17.
Polling-place No. 2, 1021 Howard; precincts 8
to 16 inclusive. ': ;
1 Thirty-first District— Polling-place No. 1, 1203
Mission; precincts 1 to 7 inclusive. §
Polling-place No. 2, 1367 Folsom: precincts 8 to
17 inclusive. ■ - . -
Thirty-second District— Polling-place No. 1, 602
Third; precincts 1 to 9 inclusive and 12.'
•Polling-place No. 2, 1040 Kentucky; precincts
10.11,13.14,15.; i .
Thirty-third District— Polling-place No. 1, 225
Twenty-fourth; precincts 1 to 6 inclusive.
Polling-place No. V, southeast corner Kentucky
and Sierra: precincts 7 to 13 inclusive. .
Thirty-ninth Distr.ct— Polling-place No. 1, north- ■
west corner Polk and Hayes; precincts 1 to 9 in-
clusive. , ■ - : .
Polling-place No. 2, 1019 Larkin; precincts 10 to
17 inclusive. . '■■:< :.'..: . .. ,; :
Forty-second District— Polling-place No. 1, 209
Ellis; precincts 1 to 6 inclusive. .
: Polling-place No. 2, 1339 California; precincts 7
to 14 inclusive. ■ . . , ....
, '- Forty-third District— Polling-place No. 1, Califor-
I nia Hall, Bush,' near Powell; precincts 8 to' 16 in
. elusive."; . . . - - - . . , ,
1 Polling-place No. 2, 128 O'Farrell; precincts Ito
7 inclusive.- - - •: . ■
Forty-fourth District— Polling-place No. 1, 440
. Green; precincts 1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 11, 12, IS and 14. •
Polling-place No. 2, 604 Lombard; precincts 6,
6,7,8,10,15,16,17.
Forty-ttrth District— Polling place No. 1, 620 Bat-
tery :. precinct* 1 to 8 inclusive. -- "
Polllng-elac* .No.. 2. northwest corner Battery
and Green; pftcincts 9 to 17 inclusive.
By order of said committee. ■■ ■ ' •• '
J. M. CHRETIEN, Chairman.
P. J. Walsh, Secretary.
..... ' ♦ . '
Official Call for a Primary Election
In That Portion of San Francisco
Lying Within the Fifth Congres-
sional District. . :,
At a meeting of the Republican County Commit-
teemen of that j portion of the City and County of
San ; Francisco embraced within the Fifth Con-
gressional District held on the 4th day of April,
1896, the following resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, The Republican State Central Com-
mittee of the State of. California on tne 29th day
of February, 1896, issued a call for a Republican
State Convention, to be held in the city of .Sacra-
mento, State of California, on the sth day of May,
1896, and also for Republican District conventions
n and for the several Congressional districts of the
State of California, . to select delegates to the Re-
publican National Convention to be held in St.
Louis, Mo., on the'l6th day of June, 1896, and' for
the transaction of such other and further business
as may be brought before the said State and dis-
trict conventions: and ■ ■ - : . • •
-Whereas, The said State Central Committee at
its aforesaid meeting and in said call provided that
the basis > of '« representation in said conventions
should be as folio One relegate for each As-
sembly district within the Congressional district:
one delegate for each 200 'votes cast for the Hon.
M. M. Estee. the Republican • candidate lor Gov-
ernor In 1894, and one . delegate for each fraction
of 100 votes or over: and ,' «■&;'■. :.■:
Whereas, In accordance with the said last-
named provision the Hfth Congressional district
is entitled to fifty-five delegates in said State and
district conventions; and - - /. -,-.'■• •■. .
: Whereas, The a:oresaid State. Central Com-
mittee, by a resolution duly: and regularly passed,
further provided that the members of the State
Central Committee' for each Congressional '< Dis-
trict hhould constitute a committee whose duty it
should be to select a Congressional committee of
seven persons from the residents of each such dis-
trict, In whom should be vested the power and au-
thority to provide for the . selection of delegates to
the said State, and district conventions within
their respective districts: and - .
Whereas, At a meeting of the-said members of
the said State Central Committee from, i he Fifth
Congressional District ! duly | and } regularly | held
within said district, the said committee of seven
was duly and regularly selected to I compose said
Congressional committee and was invested with
the powers 1 and duties delegated to such Congres-
sional committee by the Republican National Com-
mittee and by the I said State Central Committee ;
and -..-•-• -*-..-_ *;. :-; •. ••■.■.-•::-.,.-:. ■ ■ .■■ ■ . ■■ .-:....
- ; Whereas, The said " Congressional committee
of seven, In and for the said Fifth Congressional
District, at a meeting thereof held on the 17tb day
of March, 1898. duly adopted a resolution delegat-
ing to the Republican County Commltteemen for
that portion of the City and County of. San Fran-
cisco embraced In the Fifth Congressional District
the power and discretion to determine the manner
and supervision of the selection of delegates to the
said State and - district conventions and to provide
for the selection thereof, by appointment or by pri-
mary election,' as in their discretion I shall seem
best, subject; however, to the ■ supervision lof said
Congressional ■ committee of seven. i Now, there-
fore, be It -,*■:...:,: T :-^;: r ' : ■ -■ ■■■:!' ■:■.:■■ .'■■■■'-.,
Resolved. That the Republican County Commit-
teemen of the City | and •: County of San Francisco
embraced within the Fifth Congressional District,
acting ' under and -, in '■ pursuance of its aforesaid
authority, do hereby order and call a primary elec-
tion to be held in the City and comity of San
Francisco, that portion thereof embraced within
the Fifth Congressional District, on the 15th day
-of April, 1896, for the | purposes hereinafter speci-
fied, in - accordance ; with - ■ the :/ laws . < governing
primary electrons as prescribed by the Political
and Penal Coles of the State of Catifornla.
■Resolved, That said primary election shall be
held on the 15th day of April, 1896, the polls to be
kept open continuously between the hours of on«
(1) o clock and seven (7) o'clock in the afternoon
of said day.
■.-'■ Resolved, That there shall be. two polling-places
In each Assembly district in j the City and County
of San Francisco embraced within the said Fifth
Congressional District, and that for each of said
polling-places the board of election shall consist of
one inspector, two Judges and two clerks.
Resolved, That the polling-places must be on the
ground floor and the ballot-boxes be so placed as
to be plainly seen from the sidewalk, and that free
and uninterrupted Ingress must be given In each,
polling-place to electors entitled to vote thereat
and also to such representative or alternate of each
set of candidates that may be voted for at each
polling-place as shall present the credentials here-
inafter provided lor to the board of election at
such polling-place.
! Rrsolved,Th&t printed cards of admission to each
: of the polling-places shall be given to the repre-
I sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
same. The said request must be in writing and
signed by a majority of the candidates on each set
of tickets. The cards of admission shall be signed
by the chairman and secretary of this committee
and shall contain the name of the party entitled to
admission and the polling-place at which It is in-
tended to be used. The oflicers of election may
give permission to said persons presenting said
cards of admission to enter the polling-place before
I the opening •of the polls and to remain there
until the canvass is completed and all the returns
are properly signed and sealed up. In the event
of the failure on the part of the election officers to
admit such persons holding cards of admission to
the polling-place, such person may call upon the
police officers detailed for such duty at such poll-
ing-place, and such police officer may use all law-
ful means to take such person inside the polling-
place. The Chief of Police is requested to give
instructions to his officers to enforce this resolu-
tion. Persons holding cards of admission may be
relieved by a duly appointed and authorized alter-
nate, who shall have the same rights and privi-
leges as the first regular representative upon pre-
sentation of the card of admission issued to the
said original representative. '
| Resolved, That no barricade or other obstruction
shall be erected or maintained in front of any
polling-place, but that the said polling-places shall
be tree from all obstructions, as they are at cen-
tral elections, and we hereby give notice that no
returns will be received or counted as official from
any polling-place where this provision has been
violated.
'Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each
polling-place must remain an a plain unobstructed
view from the opening to the close of the polls,
and b • so placed thnt the voter may easily see the
top of the box and bis ballot deposited.' The rep-
resentatives of all tickets must be permitted to re-
main inside the polling-place and In such position
that they cap at all times witness unobstructed
th« reception oi the ballot from the voter and the
depositing of the same In the ballot-box by the in-
spector or judge of elections who receives the
ballot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or solicit-
ing of votes shall be permitted within 100 feet of
the polls, and the committee requests the police
officers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers. .
Resolved, That an. official map of the district
showing the boundaries of its various precincts
shall be posted in a conspicuous place outside of
the polling-places.
Resolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge in the laws of the State governing gen-
eral elections this committee' hereby" directs and
orders that the following and additional test be
given to voters: " -'I believe in Republican princi-
ples and Indorse the Republican policy, and intend
to support the nominees of the Republican party."
Resolved, That this committee shall procure and
provide for etch polling-place a ballot-box, such as
is used. at the general, elections, and, also, at least
two copies of the precinct register, embracing the
boundaries of the Assembly District, and for each
particular polling place one copy of such precinct
register must remain at ell limes Inside of the
polling-place and retained by the election board
for the purposes of ascertaining whether the name
of the voter appears on such precinct register, and
to place a check opposite the name of the voter
after he has voted.. • - , ; - . ;,- ,
Resolved. That for said primary election only the
printed precinct registers used at the general elec-
tion held in November, 1894. shall be used; and
no person shall .be permitted to vote whose name
, does not appear in the precinct register In one ot
of the precincts within the polling district. of tbQ
Assembly District in which he offers to vote
Resolved, That the delegates elected from the
City and County of San Francisco, in and for sal*
; Congressional District, at said primary election,
shall be and they are hereby empowered and au-
thorized to meet in said State Convention and in
said District Convention, and to transact the busi-
ness provided in the call of the National Republi-
can Committee and the Republican State Central
Commit lee.
Resolved, That in pursuance of the provisions of
the call of the Jtebublican National committee
unaof the Republican State Central Committee, the
election of delegates to tne (Said State and district
conventions will : be held In and by Assembly
districts. Kach Assembly district of the said City
and County of San Francisco within said Fifth.
Congressional District is to elect the number of
delegates hereinafter provided.
Resolved, That the number of delegates to be
selected from the several Assembly districts of the
City and County of San Francisco embraced
within said Fifth ConeresslonaliDtstrlct and ap-
portionment thereof is as follows:
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, six (6) delegates.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District, seven (7) dele-
gates.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, eight (8) dele,
gates. .. -v.-"
Thirty-eighth Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Fortieth Assembly District, nine (9) delegates.
Forty-first Assembly District, nine (9) delegates.
The number of delegates so apportioned must be
voted for by Assembly districts.
Resolved, That all ballots voted at the primary
election must be twelve inches in length' and six
Inches wide. The paper shall be of a pink color,
and shall be in the type required by the election j
laws now in force, and worded as follows:
" Assembly District
for
Delegates to Republican State Convention, and
Republican District convention for the Fifth
Congressional District." . - ,-,-,.
Numbers to be followed consecutively according
to the number of delegates to which each Assembly
District may be entitled. ,
Resolved, That the time.-nd manner of 'the pub-
lication of the notice of . . "J primary election shall
be by publishing the entire call for said primary
election in a newspaper of general circulation pub-
lish d in the city and County of San Francisco,
for at least five days prior to and including said
day on which the primary election is to be held.
Resolved, That within one hour after the canvass
of the vote at each polling-place, and when all the
returns have been pro-erly signed and sealed by
the election board and clerks. of : election, the re-
turns must be brought in properly sealed packages
by one of tne election board designated by the
board for that purpose, to the chairman of this
committee, at the place previously designated for
that purpose. The chairman of this committee
shall mark on each package received: by him the
day and hour of its receipt. He shall also, give a
receipt to the party from whom he receives the
; package. The chairman of this committee shall
take all necessary care and precaution for the saf«
keeping of all packages delivered to him and keep
them in his custody intact and unopened until the
time designated for the opening and canvassing of
the returns. '
' Resolved, That this committee be and is hereby
constituted a returning and canvassing board to
open the returns from each polling place, foot up
the returns and the total number of votes cast for
each candidate for delegate to said State and . dis-
trict conventions. This committee shall meet In
said City of San Francisco in the evening of the
day on which said primary election is held to open
and canvass the said returns and continue In ses-
sion until all the returns from each ana every poll-
ing-place have been fully canvassed. After the
returns have been completely.canvassed they shall
be certified by this committee to the Congressional
committee of seven in and for the said Fifth Con-
gressional District, which will act as 'a' returning
board thereon and will certify the result thereof to
the aforesaid State and District conventions. Th«
said meetings of this committee shall be public.
Resolved, That in all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fall to vote for the apiortton-
mi'iit of delegates to which they may be entitled,
or where fraud at - the said primary election is
proven beyond question • to this committee, then
this committee shall have power to appoint tbe
delegates to represent said district in said State
and district conventions, and shall certify their
said appointment to the said congressional com-
mittee of seven in and for said district. -
Resolved, That lint; committee hereby insists that
a free and untrammeled ballot and an honest
count must be carried out and rigidly enforced at
said primary election: that all attempts to deviate
from this principle should be discountenanced, and
.that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto should
:be disbarred from said and all other conventions,
and that if it shall appear at any polling-place that
there is or has been any fraud or wrong committed,
or the rights of any citizen to cast his free »nd un-
trammeled bal|ot and to have the same honestly
counted has been in any, way interfered with, this
committee will set aside ana declare mill and void
the election at said polling-place, and shall proceed
to provide the representation to which said district
is entitled in said convention, as above set forth.
I The election officers in this call provided for will
receive their credentials, electiou paraphernalia,
at the rooms of this committee.
; All tickets to be voted for at said primary elec-
tion shall be filed with the secretary of j this com-
mittee on or before 12 o'clock noon Monday, April
13. 1896, and all votes cast at said primary election
for persons other than persons whose names ap-
pear upon one or more of such tickets shall be
counted as scattering. . . •:
Thirty-fourth District— Polling-place No. 1. 1733
Mission; * precincts 1 to 10 ' inclusive. Polling
place No. '£, 336 Nineteenth street, near Valencia;
precincts 11 to 19 inclusive. •,. , : ■
Thirty-fifth District— Polling-place : No. 1, 641
Twenty-fourth street, near Valencia; precincts 2,
3, 4, 5. 6 and 7. Polling-place No. 2. 1606 Valen-
cia street: precincts 1, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. ■ ' * ■:
Thirty-sixth District— Polling place No. ,1, 845
Seventeenth; precincts 1 to 8 inclusive.-
.'-- Polling place No. 2— Twenty-tourth and Castro ;
precincts 9so 16 inclusive. -••-•■>■ ■-> ■ ..• ■
Thirty-seventh District— Polling place No. 1.
300 Gough (Republican Wigwam); precincts 1 to 9
inclusive. ';-■
Polling-place No. 2— Northeast corner of Oak
■ and Devisadero streets; precincts 10 to 18 inclu-
sive. • -. -.- • •-■-;•-- v- .. ■-. . ... . . • ..
Thirty-eighth District— Polling-place No. l.north-
east corner of Gough and McAllister streets; pre-
cincts 1, 2, 3,4, ft, 7 8, 9. • '
; Polling-place : No 2—1703 Eddy," near Pierce-
precincts 6," 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. " •■■■■•-
Fortieth District— Polling-place No.' 1, north-
east corner . Post and Laguna streets; precincts 1,
2, 3, 4. 5, 6, 7, 8, 16.
'.-,; Polllmt-place'No. 2— Northeast corner of Setter
and Devisadero; pretincts 9 to 15 inclusive. .
•j Forty-first District— Polling-place No. North-
i east corner Pacific and Polk; precincts 1 to 10 in-
clusive.*. .'-. i -. -' :k <.■::■-.-: • ■ -. .. -:
Polling-place No. 2— Union and Steiaer; pre-
cincts 11 to 16 inclusive.
By order of said committee.
CHARLES W. MAN WARING, Chairman.
JOHN JACKSON, Secretary.
Dated April 4, 1896.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDaE,
; Editor and Proprietor. <>;>'!
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free t
I>»lly and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
D»!!y and Sunrtay Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
r«n,v and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. H.OO
Dull}- and Sunday Cali, three month* by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, ose year, by mail 1.50
Wkxkly Call, one year, by mail ...,»•...' 1.80
BUSINESS OFFICE t
710 Market street,
• Ban Francisco, California. .
Telephone Maln-ISW
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
telephone M«in-1t74
BRANCH OFFICES:
639 Monta-omery street, corner Clay; open nntll
1:80 o'clock.
889 Haves street; open until 9 -.30 o'clock.
713 Laxkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
few. corner Sixieeath and Mission streets; open
antll 9 o'clock. '
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
, 116 Math street; open sntil 9 o'clock. • ";
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE: .
Booms SI and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY APRIL 11. 1893
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The final word like the first on the Pa
cific Roads debts should be foreclosure.
Leave your orders to-day for The Sunday
Call and you will have good reading to
morrow.
Protection and bimetallism can be sep
arated, of coufse, but not with the consent
of the West.
Whenever Harrity of Pennsylrania talks
we hear of the Pattison boom, but other
wise wa don't.
Mare Island must have been named for
% apeedy mare, for she got there first in
the carnival race.
Debs is like the rest of the world; he
wishes peace, harmony, fraternal goad
will and his own way.
Having both the push and the pull
Rainey has it in his power to run the Junta
machine or stop the works.
California has a thousand interests in
common with the silver mining States and
none in opposition to them.
Up to date the engagements of the
Cuban war have been hardly more serious
than those of a summer hotel.
According to reports from Kassala the
Abyssinians h&ve a taking way with them
that the Italians cannot resist.
Don't forget that in your household trad-
Ing there is always more or less opportu
nity to patronize home industry.
Russia may have a hand in the African
soup, but all the other big nations of
Europe are in it further than that.
The Japan boom seems to have flattened
out, and we shall soon hear a great deal
about the lacquer work over there.
The goldbug, the mugwump, the cuckoo
and the Clevelandite are four of a kind
tnat couldn't win in any game known in
America,
Cleveland is taking his time on the
Cuban question. He is not going to risk a
war until he knows where he can get a
substitute.
It is now clear that a genuinely protec
tive tariff measure would have had a bet
ter chance in the Senate than the Dingley
compromise.
From all reports the festival counties are
finding the election of queens one of the
best parts of the frolic and they are mak
ing the most of it.
The Greeks are playing their games well
enough at any rate to keep the visitors
entertained, and that is the game that
wins in the long run.
The Senate has reduced the House ap
propriations for the navy by something
more than $367,000, and ]ust to that extent
has deformed the bill.
A free harbor at Los Angeles would be a
benefit to the whole State, but any other
kind would benefit only the monopoly and
tighten the cinch on the people.
As the West stands firmly for protection
to the factories of New England, so the
people of New England should favor the
development of the mines of the West.
The Sultan promises that our mission
aries in Armenia will not be molested so
long as they conform to the law, but he
ought to promise also to reform the law a
little.
The report of an attempt tomobFitz
simmons don't go. The champion must
devise a better system of advertising him
self or give up the job of elevating the
stage.
The success of the revived Olympic
games has been sufficient to insure" their
repetition, and next year there should be
some Pacific Coast champions among the
winners.
Tne bankers of Maryland have seen fit
to announce that they are unalterably
opposed to the free coinage of silver, and
perhaps the informatiou is of value to
somebody.
England has Riven no assurance that she
will not go further up the Nile than Don
pola, and on the other hand she has given
no guarantee that she will go even that far
on this trip.
The Kansas court that granted a divorce
in forty-five seconds may have broken the
record, but the chances are it also broke
the rules, and the case shouldn't be al
lowed to count.
Mantle's first syech in the Senate has
the right ring to it, and shows that the
young West has another champioa m
Congress to maintain its cause with cour
age and eloquence.
Mr. Huntington's re-election as presi
dent of the Bouthern Pacific Company
gives him another chance to reform his
methods, but perhaps he is averse to tak
ing such chances.
There seem to be a few self-styled Re
publicans in the East who do not under
stand that mining and shipping as well as
factories must come within the scope of
Republican protection.
Senator Turpie raises the curious objec
tion to the Cuban resolutions that while
they speak of intervention they do not say
on which side the United States should in
tervene. But how could it be an interven
tiou if it were ou one side?
SENATOE MANTLE'S SPEECH.
While the speech of Senator Lee Mantle
will hardly have the effect of causing any
further attempt at the enactment of tariff
legislation at this session of Congress, it
has at any rate served the good purpose
of making clear to Eastern men the atti
tude of Western Republicans on the allied
subjects of protection and bimetallism.
It shows, moreover, that the Western
Senators who voted against the Dingley
tariff bill did so not because of any lack of
devotion to the principle of protection,
but, on the contrary, because they were
too loyal to that principle to accept the
compromise offered them.
The Republicans of the West advocate a
3ystem of governmental protection to
American interests that will be sufficiently
comprehensive to include them all. They
demand the fostering aid of the Nation for
mining and for shipping as well as for
factories. They de&ire to see the silver in
dustry promoted and our merchant marine
built up as well as any other department
of American labor. In carrying out this
desire they do not intend to favor the in
terests of one section of the Union to the
exclusion of those of another, but to ade
quately and impartially foster them all.
The support given by Western Re
publicans to the silver industry is in no
sense antagonistic to the protection of
Eastern factories. It is, in fact, distinctly
friendly to such protection. As Senator
Mantle well said in the course of his argu
ment, without bimetallism no protective
tariff short of an absolute prohibition of
foreign imports cau sufficiently guard the
industries and the welfare of the working
men of this country against the competi
tion that is coming from China and Japan.
In addition, therefore, to the fact that the
silver-mining industry has aa just a claim
for favorable legislation from the Govern
ment as any other industry, there is the
furtner argument to be urged for it that
only tnrough the renionetization of silver
can we hope for the protection of any of
our greater industries at all.
The Republicans of the West are not
fanatics on the subject of silver. They
ask for that great industry, however, a
rightful treatment at the "hands of the
Government. They do not set up bi
metallism against protection, as was
charged by some of the goldbug papers,
but for protection. Their platform of poli
cies is for an American system comprehen
sive enough to include the interests of all
Americans, one that, will serve to promote
the welfare of the Nation by advancing
the industries of every class of workers
whether on farms or factories or mines, or
in ships upon the sea.
A HAEBOB OF EEFUGE.
Captain C. F. Swan, master of the bark
Theobald, nas published in The Call
some eminently sensible cugsestions
affecting the proposition of improving a
harbor in the southern part of the State.
After pointing out the dangerous nature
of the coast of California, the scarcity of
harbors, the inshore storms of winter and
the great difficulty of sending assistance
through the breakers in the event of dis
tress or disaster, he says that there is need
of a harbor of refuge into which passing
vessels may put when disabled or threat
ened by storms. Such a harbor should be
in a place where the danger of approach
ing it is no greater than that of the place
in which the vessel may be. For this
reason he thinks that San Pedro Is prefer
able to Santa Monica, by reason of the
nature of its bottom, an outside protecting
reef and the effect of the coast islands in
breaking the force of heavy seas.
He makes another suggestion that is
new and very valuable. It is that in an
open roadstead like that at Santa Monica,
with a beach and bottom of a quicksand
character and with no channel for confin
ing the flow of the tides, there will be an
absence of the scouring effect of the tides
in maintaining the original depth, and
the ground swell will inevitably bank the
sand against both sides of the proposed
breakwater, transforming it into a penin
sula and constantly tending to filJ up the
protectpd area. All these matters seem
perfectly reasonable, though whether this
practical navigator knows of instances
where this has already occurred he does
not say. The suggestion certainly invites
attention.
However, the whole question probably
resolves itself into that of Mr. Hunting
ton's influence in Congress as weighed
against that of all the other considerations
in the matter. An exactly similar state of
affairs exists with regard to the funding
bill, and we have seen that thus far Mr.
Huntington's private interests have had a
powerful influence. Neither that ques
tion nor the one of an appropriation for
San Pedro has been finally settled, and
the railroad's power in Congress may
not in the end prove as strong as it
looks. There is ground for hope so long
as the people of California make an earnest
stand in defense of the right and of the
conditions under which their prosperity
and progress aie possible.
TRITE BUT TIMELY WOBDS.
Timely and well worth heed are the
words uttered by C. N. Holden of Chicago,
a large handler of California fruit. The
point he makes is not a new one, but it
carries weight by reason of its source. Mr.
Holden is in California to ascertain the
condition of the fruit crop. Speaking of
the fruit industry lie said :
"It is a fact that to-day really fine
canned fruit is unobtainable at first hands,
while poorer goods are a drug. Great care
means a smaller product, greatly increased
consumption, and consequently higher
prices. Those canners who have devoted
their attention to the production of fine
goods are prosperous as a rule, while the
failures in every instance of which I am
aware have been those who made quantity
the object and not quality. This is equally
true of dried fruit."
It requires some courage for the grower
to deliberately thin out the promising
fruit on his trees in order to make that re
maining of more value, but it is only
more general adoption of the policy of
improving the fruit that will enable the
grower to retain and extend his market.
It is not alto gether a matter of obtain ine
a good price to-day. By careful attention
to the cultivation, preparation nnd pack
ing of orchard products not only are bet
ter returns assured to all concerned but a
prestige is acquired that grows more and
more valuable with each succeeding sea
son.
Where competition has to be met
this is no inconsiderable factor. There is
no valid reason why preserved fruits,
jams, jellies, etc., from Europe should
command higher prices and be in greater
demand among the class of people who
can afford to indulge in luxuries than
similar poods produced within our State.
The quality of the imported article can
certainly be matched if not excelled by the
native product. The fault then must lie
simply in the lack of proper care— first in
cultivating, then in preparing and finally
in packing. All these are matters easy of
remedy, only requiring the application of
intelligence.
Mr. Holden's criticism has been made
at gatherings of organized fruit men ; but,
as a prophet is said to hay© no honor in
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
his own country, so their words of advice
and warning have not been heeded to the
extent they deserved. Coming now from
one who is in position to talk with au
thority and to emphasize his words by
withholding his coin, the suggestion will
probably be more generally taken to heart
and acted upon.
A SINGULAE ACCIDENT.
The reputation for security against
storms which the harbor of San Francisco
has always borne might suffer from the
extraordinary catastrophe which occurred
on Thursday unless a thorough under
standing of the circumstances is acquired.
A stanch sailing vessel of the latest type
and made of steel capsized in the safest
part of the bay, with a number of tugs
close at hand and while lying at anchor.
So strange a coincidence of bo many cir
cumstances bringing on the disaster will
likely never occur again, as they have
never occurred in this busy port before.
The whole story i 3 this: The ship was
lying in very light earth ballast undergo
ing a cleaning. A eharp squall sprang up
from the southwest at an hour when a
heavy flood tide was running, and as the
wind and tide were counter they caught
the ship between them. Besides being in
very light ballast the vessel carried an un
usually heavy load of spars aloft. While
the wind was bearing down upon these on
one side the tide was urged against the
hull on the other. The anchors did the
rest. The ship capsized and six men at
work in the hold were drowned.
Apparently the danger was evident to
all who saw the vessel except those on
board. A tugboat ran up and proffered
assistance, but that was declined. The
captain waa an experienced sailor and
knew the harbor to be safe. The only er
ror—one that many a sailor might have
committed— was in failing to taKe into ac
count all thecircunistances at work. These
were the light ballast, the heavy load aloft
and the combined action of the wind and
tide. The extraordinary feature of the
disaster is that all these factors should
have been present at once. Even as it was
the accident was not necessary. The bay
was full of shins and not another suffered
the slightest damage or ran the least dan
ger. Not even an anchor was dragged.
The squall was by no means a storm. The
accident in no sense indicates any insecur
ity of the harbor.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
"While boasting is not a part of The
Call's policy or an element of its success,
the paper has so deep an interest in the
welfare of California that it feels justified
in calling especial attention to its Sunday
editions, believing that their usefulness in
assisting its desire to make the State bet-
ter known, both to its residents and to
strangers, will be duly appreciated. The
Sunday edition of a great daily newspaper
must contain many things of universal
interest, as distinguished from affairs of
local importance, in order that its readers
may find everything essential to a com
plete understanding of the great busy
world of which we are a part. This idea
is regarded in those departments of The
Sunday Call which deal with literature,
science, art, fashions and the broad in
terests which concern all the centers of
world-building activity.
But California is aiways kept in mind.
It is the must various and interesting sub
ject that human intelligence can treat.
What more eloquent topic could be imag
ined than one that involves the prosperity
and happiness of thousands, even though
it may look commonplace in print? And
yet in to-morrow's issue of The Call there
will appear an article on the cultivation
of the sugar beet in California and the
possibilities residing in the industry. A
proper understanding of it would promote
human happiness infiniteiy more than
could soms transient novel that has caught
the popular fancy.
There is to be another story about the
boring of wells in California— dull to
mention, but eloquent in its promises,
seeine; that the ground upon which we
walk has yielded so rich treasures in the
past.
There are other things of that kind, but
for those of divergent tastes feasts in
variety are spread. For instance, a won
derful man who has descended upon us,
Naphtaly Herz Imber, Hebrew poet and
mystic, sounder of the secrets of the
Cabbala, is to be discussed with a thorough-
nees not common hereabout.
Adeline Knapp will present an inter
esting phase of wnat is known as
animal instinct. Euphemia Burton will
have something to say about the inti
mate liie of interior Japan. W. C.
Morrow, inspired by the picturesque
attitude of a distinguished millionaire
recently a visitor here, will have something
that may prove interesting to people who
do not like to be interviewed. An un
commonly strong chanter of history in
which we are all interested will be told in
an article entitled "A Sea Fighter."
This ought to be sufficient as an indica
tion of what may be expected in to-mor
row's Call. Of course a great many
Eastern people might like to read the
paper, but it ; s difficult to see how they
can be accommodated unless their friends
in California send it to them.
THE WCfoL INDUSTBY.
"T. M.," a correspondent writing from
this City, asks The Call what effect the
removal of the tariff on wool has had on
the industry of this country and whether
England has benefited. The question an-
Bvrew itself. In order to realize that the
wool industry must have suffered one has
only to observe the extremely low prices
at which woolen goods are selling, and to
reflect that the difference between present
prices and those formerly ruling is much
greater than the profit which American
wool producers and manufacturers were
enjoying before the tariff on wool was
abolished. If that argument should not
appear self-evident it may be reflected
that under a free tariff the low wages of
England are the factor determining the
present prices in tnis country, and that
these wages are insufficient for American
operatives. They can fare better as com
mon laborers, for laborers receive better
wages in this country than skilled opera
tives iD England.
In addition to these manifest principles
there are concrete facts showing them to
be true. These are so numerous that it is
impossible to present them all. Let us
take the case of the Angora woolen and
cotton manufacturing concern of Phila
delphia, which recently suspended opera
tions. It was givine employment to 400
operatives, and has been a feature of Phil
adelphia for forty years. The repeal of
the McKinley law threw the proprietors
into straits, as they could not offer, nor
could their operatives accept, the low
wages paid in England. The owners
struggled manfully, hoping for the repeal
of the free-trßde law and the imposition of
a reasonable tariff. At last they were com
pelled to succumb, and this deprived some
2000 persons of a livelihood.
One of the managers of the mills gave
this explanation: "Ever since the repeal
of the McKinley tariff we have been strug
gling against fate. The enormous importa
tions of foreign woolen goods under the
reduced tariff has not only compelled us
meantime to reduce wages, but to sell our
goods at such ruinously low prices that we
have run at a loss and been unable to
maintain our business. We have tried
hard to keep it for the benefit of our em
ployes and their families in tne hope that
we should pull through until a Republican
tariff should be restored, but we have been
unable to do this, even at great personal
sacrifice, and nothing remains but a neces
sity for suspension."
This is only one of numerous instances.
The Philadelphia concern was one of the
oldest and soundest in the country, and
hence its suspension is exceptionally sig
nificant. The wonder is that any woolen
mills aro still running or that any wool is
produced in the United States. The ex
planation of the fact that all of t! em have
not suspended is the vast amount of capi
tal invested in the industry and the hope
that the Republicans will impose a pro
tective duty. It is cheaper to run at a
loss for a time than to sacrifice all this
capital by abandoning the industry.
Of course England has profited in exact
proportion to our loss. Thus the profits
of Lister & Co., proprietors of the Maning
ham Mills, Bradford, England, were $75,
--115 in 1894, when there was a tariff on
wool, and $366,910 in 1895, after the tariff
bad been removed. Another Bradford
company, that of A. S. Henry & Co., lim
ited, had a profit of $319,550* in 1894 and
of $478,540 in 1895. All other English
manufacturers taking American orders
prospered similarly. Bradford sent us $6,
--577,675 more of woolen coatings alone in
1895 than in 1894, and of all goods $20^000,
--000 more, showing that we have suffered
and England has gained in proportion to
the reductions which we made in our tariff
charges. As the tariff was entirely re
moved from wool our loss and England's
gain in that item is nearly one-third of
the whole.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Todd of Stockton is on a visit here.
E. W. Merrill of Denver has arrived here.
J. Tombs of Grafton, N. D., is in the City.
Ex-Congressman Louttit is on a visit here.
Dr. C. C. Cleaves of Redding is at the Grand.
ueneral R. L. Peeler oi Sacramento is in
town.
L. N. Shipper, the millionaire, of Stockton is
here.
The Rev. C. Ben-Ham of Napa is at the Occi
dental.
Manuel Llzarraga of Mexico City is at the
Palace.
James T. Meagher of Signal Ridge is at the
Baldwin.
A. J. Smith, a business man of Astoria, is at
the Russ.
Judge & Solon Holl of Sacramento arrived
here yesterday.
William Arthur Dupee of Boston arrived
here yesterday.
Dr. Bush of Fortnna arrived yesterday and
is at the Grand.
J. Randolph, a mining man of Cripple Creek,
is at the Occidental.
T.G. Hawkins of England is among the ar
rivals at the Palace.
R. D. Hatch, the prominent dairyman of No
vato, is at the Grand.
F. S. Taggart, librarian of the Stanford Uni
versity, is in the City.
H. Campbell Nelson of England is among the
arrivals at the Palace.
John J. Lewis of Dunedln, New Zealand, is
among recent arrivals.
Tony Bright, a livery-stable owner of Los
Angeles, is at the Euss.
A. Montgomery, a business man of Ukiah, is
registered at the Grand.
J. Jerome Smith, the merchant of Stockton,
is here on a business trip.
John Merchant of Walla Walla Is at the Lick,
accompaiusd by his family.
Edward Seifert, a member of thß Chicago
Board of Trade, is at the California.
Dr. J. Wood, medical director in the navy,
stationed at Mare Island, is in the City.
H. J. Finger of Santa Barbara, member of. the
State Board of Pharmacy, is in the City.
Deputy State Comptroller W. W. Douglass is
down from Sacramento, and is at the Grand.
Professor William H. Hudson of the chair of
English literature, Stanford University, is in
town.
J. Archie Russell, son of the *reat ship
builder of Port Glasgow, Scotland, arrived here
yesterday.
G. W. Boggs, the big land-owner and exten
sive farmer, of Tracy, arrived here yesterday.
He is at the Russ.
Dr. C. G. Cargill of the San Juan Islands, in
Puget Sound, near the coast of Washington,
has arrived here.
Daniel R. Cameron, president of the Chicago
Board of Education, arrived here last night
after several days at Monterey.
John W. Robertson, a wealthy resident of
Denver, who is interested in mines in different
parts of Colorado, is at the Palace.
R. G. Barton, the noted vineyardist of
Fresno, is at the Occidental. He is one of the
owners of the Fresno Opera-house.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. O'Brien are passing a
short time in the southern part of the State,
where Mr. O'Brien's firm has a large branch
store.
Oliver Williams, a mining man of Denver, is
at the Palace, accompanied by Mrs. Williams,
Miss W. E. Andrus and Master Ben O. Wil
liams.
Captain J. ML Reuck of the Stockton Even
ing Mail, and one of the proprietors of the new
and sprightly weekly, the Stockton Graphic, is
visiting a few days in this City.
James F. Wardner, the noted Western mining
man, has returned from Jackson and other
parts of Amador County, where he went in re
gard to the purchase of tailings.
A. Doolittle, the mine-owner of Happy Hollow
Shasta County, is at the Russ. He brought
down no less than 25 pounds of gold with him,
the product of his mines. The gold is worth in
the neighborhood of $6000. It was a big load
to carry.
Mrs. N. B. McWhirter of Fresno, widow of
the journalist whose life was insured for some
$40,000, which amount the courts have after
a struggle of years decided must be paid, ar
rived here last night, accompanied by her
children. The lady is at the Grand.
Harry M. Gillig surprised hia friends by
dropping in on them last night. His coming
from New York had not been announced, and
when he put his name down on the register a
number of his old acquaintances came forward
to meet him. He went at once to one of the
clubs.
Commodore Harry M. Gillig of the Larch
mont (New York) Yacht Club, and tho owner
of the well-know yacht Ramona, arrived in
Ban Francisco yesterday from Arizona and im
mediately paid his respects to the owl at the
Bohemian Club. Mr. Gillig was recently re
elected commodore of the Larchmont Club for
another year. Ho will remain in California
for two weeks or more.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 10.— At the Murray
Hill, C. F. MaoDermott, G.H.Evans; Grand,
J. R. Maitland; Park avenue, B. J. Strauss;
Hoffman, A. Goldberg; Imperial, W. F. Good ye;
St. Denis, 1,. Peircele and wife; Warwick, Mrs.
J. 6. Roberts; Belvedere, Mrs. and Miss Ma
terna; St. Cloud, J. W. Rice.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Vexed Mother — James, how many more
times must I tell you to btop making that
noise?
James— l'll leave that to your own* Judgment,
ma.— Philadelphia North American.
"She gave me the glad hand."
"How about her father?"
"Oh, he gave me the glad foot."— New York
World.
Now the timid, doubting suitor,
By Professor .Roentgen's art,
May, before he speaks, discover
if she has a marble heart.
Indianapolis Journal.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Colonel J. J. Nunan, the journalist, of Stock
ton, one of the proprietors of the Stockton
Mail, was among the conspicuous figures in
the corridors of the Occidental yesterday. It
is almost sixteen years since Colonel Nunan
and E. L. Colnon, now president of the State
Harbor Commission, founded the Mail. Mr.
Colnon- had been a newspaper man in Nevada.
ColoJiel Nunan had been in California for nine
years, but had not engaged in journalism here.
The paper went right along, and almost from
the start was a success. It killed off the Her
ald, the rival paper, which had run for twen
ty-five years. One of its features was the' spicy
"Undertaker" letters from San Francisco,
which appeared for a long time exclusively in
the Mail. John Paul' Cosgrove, the widely
known writer, now of The Call, was for nearly
three years owner of a third interest in it with
Messrs. Nunan and Colnon. He came in three
Colonel J. J. Nunan, One of the Editors and Proprietors of the Stockton Evening
Mail.
[Sketched from life by Partinglon.]
months after it started, and for the entire time
he was there did the whole of the local wort.
He sold out to go elsewhere.
The Mail hus had such a lusty growth that
now two Mergenthaler type-setting machines
are necessary, and have been ordered. They
are expected to be delivered April 17. The
paper is also to have a complete new dress, and
will be enlarged, and otherwise improved. It
will come out in its new form about May 1.
Colonel Nunan talKed about Stockton yester
day, of which city he is an earnest and en
thusiastic advocate. He says it is in a very
steady and financially solid condition in every
way, and as for the region about it, that is in
the best possible shape.
"The census of 1890," said the colonel,
showed that Stockton had 14.500 people, but
ihisdidnot include the additions. We esti
mate now that with the additions we have
from 18,000 to 20,000 as a population. Busi
ness there is very fair, and the feeling is hope
ful. Nothing retards Stockton but the finan
cial condition which is general. But the city
is in the center of a great grain and fruit coun
try. The wheat crop, as nearly everybody is
aware, is enormous. The large mills there are
going all the time, and a large amount of
flour is sent steadily to Chrsa and elsewhere.
"Crop prospects in San Joaquin Count:: were
never so gooa. The rains have fallen just when
we needed them. There have been twelve in
all this winter.
"As for the Corral Hollow Railroad, it is now
about completed. The cars are there, and I
expect to see the track In shape and trains run
ning in about six weeks. The coal will come
in then, and I Jook for it to be of great value to
Stockton. It can be delivered so cheaply that
it will be an inducement to other manufactur
ers to locate there. It is a question whether
electricity can compete with it. It will be a
good, cheap coal, and can be had there for
$2 50 a ton. It will be an important epoch in
Stockton's history when this twenty-six miles
of the Corral Hollow road is finished. We will
then have two roads and be in a condition to
advance more rapidly than before."
Colonel Nunan left for his home in San Joa
quin last night.
A REIGN OF TERROR.
'there is horror too prolific In the jargon scien
tific wh'cn disturbs the mood pacific
Of th« ordinary rnau.
In these awful tales that thrill us of a bugaboo
bacillus that is biding near to kill us,
It' by any chance it can.
Not a slnxlo chance It misses; it is lurking in our
blisses: it is even in the kisses
That delight a leap year dream.
In the air are microbes floating; in the wa'.er they
are gloating, fiendish vigilance devoting
To their weird, malicious scheme.
Oh, ye philosophic sages, we were happy all these
ages while itaese animals ouirageons
Unsuspected flourished here;
And although just for the present we withstand
their siege incessant we run other risks
unpleasant,
For we're almost dead with fear.
—Washington Star.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Polltax— 3sß4— J. S., City. The law passed
at the last session of the Legislature says that
the polltax must be collected between the first
Monday in March and the first Monday in De
cember. The Assessor claims the right to gar
nishee a man's wages if ho does not pay on de
mand at the time he makes the demand.
Homestead Dechkation— J. D., City. If a
husbimd makes a gift of a piece of property to
his wife, it becomes her separate property.
The law of this State on the subject of home
steads says:
The homestead cannot be aelected from the
separate properly of the wife Without her coiiseut.
shown by tier making the declaration of home
stead.
In order to select a homestead the husband or
other bead of a family, or in caae the husband has
not made such selection, the wife must execute
and acknowledge, in the same manner as a grant
of real estate is acknowledged, a declaration of
homestead, mid fi e the same for record.
A homfstcHii ca^ be abandoned only by a declar
ation o f abai.doiiuentor a grant thereof, executed
and acknoui. d .id by the huaDand and wife if the
claimant is married.
What the effect of the application of the law
to certain facts would be is a matter that you
will have to consult an attorney about, as your
question asks for a legal opinion, which this
department does not give.
Thomas Paine's Remains— A. S., Jamestown,
Tuolumne County, Cal. Thomas Paine, the
author famous for his counectiou with the
American and French revolutions, died in New
Rochelle, N. V., June 8, 1809, and was to have
been buried iv a Quaker cemetery according
to his wish, but, the Quakers objecting, his re
mains were buried on his farm in New Ko
chelle. In 1819 William Cobbett, the English
radical, an admirer of Paiae, violated the
grave and took the bones to Liverpool. His
reason for this act was that he believed that
the republican notions be had would be
fostered thereby, but in that he was mistaken.
Ou the occasion of the removal of the bones
Byron wrote:
In digging up your bones, Tom Paine,
Will Cobbeti has done well;
He visited you on earth again;
You'll visit him in .
Historians disagree as to what finally was
done with the bones of Paine. One says that
they were reinterred in Liverpool, another
says that they remained in the custody of Cob
bett until his death and then passed into the
possession of his son, who retained them until
lS3t>, when he went into bankruptcy and the
bones were seized for debt and that in 184.4
they were in the charge of a Mr. Til'y ; another
says that they' were removed to France and
that they are now under the soil. In 1829 a
monument to the memory of Paine was erected
at New Rochelle, within a few feet of where
his remains were first buried.
Two Edward O'Briens— Alameda Subscriber,
Alameda, Cal. The latest issue of the list of
merchant vesswls of the'Unitod States, Bureau
of Navigation, Treasury Department, Washing
ton, D. C, shows that there are and have been
for years "two iull-rigged ships in the United
States merchant niariue bearing the same
name." Then- is the Edward O'Brien, length
300 feet, of 1803 tons, built in 18U3atThom
aston, Maine, and the Edward O'Brien, 259.1
feet lonpr, 2270 tons and built at Thomaston,
Maine, 1882. Both vessels were afloat and in
service in the year 1895.
LADY'S WAIST, SURPLICE EFFECT.
A graceful shape is here shown, which is
used for silk, wool or cotton fabrics. It Is
especially adapted for combinations of fabrics.
A dress of dark blue mohair had the yoke top
of embroidered batiste of flax color. The de
sign was very open and displayed the lining
of grass green silk. The sleeve trimming was
of embroidery to match; turn up cuffs of the
fine embroidery over green silk finished toe
waist.
Tw«-toned slik in black and rose color made
a handsome waist to wear with a black satin
or crepon skirt. The trimming was or black
A dark preen boucle canvas cloth had a
yoke of white satin with yellowish lace over it
A blue and black silk of st.ipes fully half an
inch wide had the yoke of silk with the strides
bXchifior™ 6 - Th 6 sleev e capes were P of
Striped cottons make up effectively nftor
this model. The sleeve cape being cut L sec
tions, the stripes marking in points at the,
seams, makes a trimming complete in itself
The waist is made with a fitted linm* which
hooks in front. Over this the yoke tor, i*
hookea at the left shoulder and a^m size P the
Burphce also hooking over on the left side
The sleeves are the popular and stylish bishop
shape, and may be finished with a plain band
or flaring cuff. The collar of ribbon is on a
fitted collar which hooks in the front
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Poet Laureate Austin is said to be so much
annoyed at the criticisms passed uoon his offi
cial verse that he contemplates resigning.
The young King of Spain recently described
an island to his geography teacher as "a body
of land almost entirely occupied by insnr
gents." UI "
The nearest living relative of Professor
Roentgen, the discoverer of the X ray is said
to be his first cousin, the Rev. Dr. J H C
Roentgen, pastor of the First Reformed Church
of Cleveland.
John Bright's sons have asked for the remo
val of the statue of their father recently set
limb" £? aT * SUIe ""* *» • S «^S«baS^|!^T
Allcock's : S
np in the corridor of the Parliament buildings
in London. The statue is the unsatisfactory
work of a sculptor named Gilbert.
The Hartford Couraat claims that the Widow
Watson of Hartfcrd, who did business in that
place about 120 years ago, was the first woman
editor in this country. The lady was the
owner, editor and publisher of the Courant.
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES.
If the Quay boom were a Pennsylvania oil
well we should say that it needed shooting.—
Detroit Tribune.
The McKinley boom has encountered its
first serious danger. The campaign poets have
taken it up.— Buffalo Express.
Mr. Reed has already made enough of a
showing in this campaign to have his rights as
a belligerent fully recognized.— Washington
Star.
In estimating his strength at St. Louis Mr.
Quay shows a strong inclination to count those
delegates he allowed to get away.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
It will not be necessary for Mr. Cullom to
purchase one of those counting machines in
order to keep track of his delegates. A child
can count them.— Chicago Post.
Ex-Governor Boies of lowa is characterised
by his friends as "tne great commoner" ; bat
he can't possibly be any commoner than Ma
party.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Senator Davis got ahead of Senator Cullom In
the matter of telling his State that he would
rather not be President than to get the nomi
nation against its wishes.— St. Louis Globe-
Democrat.
Amos Cnmmings announces that New York
will present no name for the consideration of
the Chicago convention. Possibly Mr. Cleve
land's name will be presented by Senator Till
man.—New York Press.
Mr. Carlisle is suspected of haying that latter
of Mr. Cleveland's concealed somewhere about
his person. Will somebody kindly turn the
cathodic ray on the gentleman and end the
suspense?— Pittsburgh Chronicle.
If there is anything in composite photography
Allison must be the coming Republican candi
date. A composite photograph of all the past
Presidents of the United States since Washing
ton, exhibited in a Chestnut-street -window.
looks more like Allison than any one yet
named for the Republican or Democratic nom.
inations— in fact, strikingly like me favorit*
son of lowa.— Philadelphia Times.
Extba fine chocolates at Townsend's, Palace.*
Soft baby cream, 15c pound, Townsend'a, •
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb, Towasend'a. *
Mrs. Alice E. Cram, a Boston contractor, hu
secured the contract for supplying 40,000 tons
of stone to be used in elevating the tracks of
the New York, New Haven and Hartford Rail
road in Boston. There were dozens of other
bidders.
Strangers, call and see our display of "Call,
fornia Glace Fruits," 50 cents pound, in Jap*
anesa baskets. Townsend's, 627 Market street*
Fpecial Information daily to manufaotnratt,
business houses and public men by the PrttM
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
The N. P. C. R. R., via Sausallto ferry, hay*
no Sunday picnics on their line, thus affording
families and private parties an opportunity to
visit the country without being annoyed by
overcrowded boats ana noisy crowds. *
Read Barry's "Star."
Contains Rabbi Voorsanger on "scab"
missionary work ; exposure of Almshouse cruel
ties; John H. Burk's "hot shots"; ex-Judge
Corrupt Dennis J. Toohy handled without
gloves : Rev. B. F. Hudelsen, tho A. P. A. po
litical trickster, exposed, etc. •
"Wo have a lovely whist club," she said art
lessly. "We made a rule that any eirl who
spoke should pay a penny into the treasury for
every word she uttered.' 1
"Quite ingenious."
"Yes; but I don't belong to it any more."
"Why not?"
"Pa says he can't afford it."— Oddt and Ends.
" I have ourd Hood's Pills uneqnaled. I
always keep them in the bouse and recommend
them to niy friends." Mrs. Vernon Upton, 736
Fine st., San Francisco, Cal.
Northern Pacific Weekly Oveblant> Ex
cursions leave San Francisco and Sacramento
every Tuesday evening. Take the Northern Pa
cific to all points East. Lowest rates to Minne
sota aud Dakota points. Upholstered tourist-cars,
Pullman palace and dining cars on all trains. Two
fast through trains daily; time to Chicago short
ened six hours. For tickets and Information call
on T. K. Stateler, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
The bast regulator of the digestive organs and
the best appetizer known is Dr. Biegert's Angos
tura Bitters. Try it.
"Browx's Bronchial Tboches" will quickly
relieve Bronchitis, Asthma, Catarrh and Throat
Diseases. Sold only In boxes.
NEW TO-DAT.
REAL ESTATE
. ; ■;. : - FOB SALE BY ' ;
Tlios. lap & Sons,
REAL : ESTATE; AGENTS
- And Publishers "Real Estate Circular." V , :
4 Montgomery Street,
l.MO\ TMIST BllLDUfi, COMER IARKBT. ''''.
■ -, it- ' ;^ NEW PROPERTY; '. [, ;,V^ ".
Business corner, 9th and Howard; 5 stor«s and
flats, rents $242, only $46,600; 100 on 9th by 61:9
on Howard.- -.?.,.,-..-- -• ..,••,
Six well-built -2-story houses, 7 rooms and bath
each; rents in all $186; only $25,500; Howard St.,
corner near 9th. ." .. ■ -• • ■..-•;■-,•. ..--•
' Four fine ' flats, corner Howard, near 9th. 41 :3r
100: rents $72 ; only 911,503. • -. • • .
Bush st.,, near Pillmore; 87x137:6 and fine 2-
story and basement house. 10 rooms and bath and
modern conveniences; very sunny; 95500.
$2500— Cottage and basement, fine garden, etc. c
lot '..'5x114; be:. Sanchez and Not*. '...-, . V
Tremont avenue, 75x80, $3000; near Frederick
st. ; fine View. • -■■ ; ■ : .?■-.. .' • . ,-,_ T~
, . • • ■ INVESTMENTS.' . r -. >".
. Downtown brick building; to one tenant for 15
rears at 9235; ; X V* blocks north of Market st. ;
$86,000. . -,: ■ . ■ . ■ , :..■'. . ■_..•• . . ■ ..
Best wholesale district ; very close to Market st • ■
brick buildinK and lot 48x137:6; rents 9336 under
lease ; 960,000.
California st. ; best wholesale Investment; lam'
lot and brick building: rents 9685; $95,000. r -
Grant-aye. business property; rents 9490; close
to Market st. : .,..,«, t -«. < ...'..,....
. Sixteenth-st. business corner on best part of the "
street: large lot and good 2-story building In stores;
$17,000. ~ *■-.-..' .'-•-'-
Cheap; rents $200; reduced rent; fine invest-
ment : N. of Market st. : only 200 feet from Market;
downtown on a growing street; large lot and well-
built 4-story building. . .
MISCELLANEOUS PROPERTY.-
24th and Chattanooga sis., corner: 117:6x65 to
an alley and fair 2-story; only $7500.
Octavla si., west bide. bet. Broadway and Vail-
ejo; 25x112:6: two-story, 8 rooms, in very good
order: fine view of bay; street bitomlnUcd- ©nIT
$6000, easy term*. > = - -v% •■ ; . . . *
Jackson st., bet. Fillmore and, Htelner, north
side; 25x187 :6auti two-story modern residence 10
rooms and all conveniences; $8000. '*
1192500: 25x114 and rear cottage; rents $18- A
rooms :- 23d St., near San Jose aye • street ac-
cepted.
■ A bargain: 15000 for 131 feet front; 50 feet on
Washington, 81 on Jackson, running through. bet.
Cherry st. and First aye. . ; B ' **
97 S 5Ob COr P ge *° d Clftyton 8t8<: 62:6x113:6;
_ Geary st., north 'side,- near Larkln: '27:6x120-
-buildings on front and rear street; 914 000
h-f ?K ft^J 000 On * each; 3 lot8 ' 27:6x137:6, on
nor h side Sacramento st., bet. Spruce and Manle-
cable cars pass; easy terms. *■"»»!••
i^k On n Y" n «o t i^n Sld l : ma Knlncent view; 27 :« xSaturday" .....APRIL 11, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldtvtn Thkatkb.— '"Monte Cristo."
t"Ai.iroKNiA Tbkatkk— "The Night Clerk."
i n i-KiiiA Theater— 'Tudd'nheed WHion."
Moeosco'B Cpkba-Uocsk— "Doris."
] rvoi i Opiha-Housk.— "Biu« Beard."
CurHKru.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Gkovkk'l a icazah.— "tßanch 10."
y. Acr< Nnr«n Texatib (Oakland)— "S!nb»d."
The Auditoricm— Corner of Jones and Eddy
meets — ■vcnorina Estrela BelSnfante.
Metbopolitan Tkmple— Mormon Tabernacle
Cboir, Wednesday, Apr.l 15.
Sroo <'oney Island— Grand Athletic txhlbl-
ticnand Concert.
F.I. Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
t very Sunday.
J-hoot the Chctfj»— Daily at Ualfb: street,
in tlcck east of th» Park.
) AtixitCoAST Jockey Club.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Baldwin * Hammond.— Thursday. April 16,
Real Estate, at salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock.
By Bovee, ToYifc Tupsday, Ann! 14,
Keal Estate, at salesrooms, 19 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock.
By Laymance— Saturday. April 18, Berkeley
Real Estate at 2 r. M.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
.state of Thomas Donnelly has been ap-
The rate on shingles from Eureka to Chicago
en reduced to 60 ceuts per 100.
The Grand Jury yesterday indicted Carl W.
. -taan and Harry Wilkins for perjury.
weather prediction* for to-iJay are:
Br.sk to high northwest m mds, diminishing in
force.
The Castro-street car line will be extended to
' ssion street by an electric line on Diamond
e'reet.
The Grand Lodge of the Degree of Honor com
pleted its work yesterday and adjourned for
two years.
The Pacific Const Conference of Unitarian
Churches will be held at Alameda April 22,
23 and 24.
Dr. Henry Gibbons, dean of Cooper College,
• d last night on "Recent Advances in
Medicine. '
Several men employed under the McCoy
street- grading contract complain that wages
are still unpaid.
Louis Hirsch has been appointed assignee oi
B. Homer Henley, the insolvent singer. Bonds
were fixed a* ft
Columbia Council No. 55 of the Young Men's
Institute gave a successful ball at Native Sons'
Hall last evening.
The Scottish Thistle Club gave a concert and
r.a'.l at B'nai B'rith Hall las; night and 1000
people wpre in attendance.
The Bank Commissioners have received re
ports from most of the banks in the State, all
> I which seem to be In good condition.
The City Hall Commissioners refused yester
day to Indorse Mayor Sutro's plan to segregate
the contract for the new roof of the building.
An engineer 'atelv employed In the Newton
copper mines reports that the condition of th«
works :« a menace to the safety of the miners.
Trie inspection of bakeshop* now going on
under the auspices of the Labor Bureau reveals
much filth and disorder in many of the places
visited.
The Tuolumne County Electric Power and
■ omrsny has incorporated with a capital
I $1,000,000, all oi which has been sub-
:ittec organized to secure the loca
■ < Ltyof : he WT.merding School met
lay in the rooms of the Merchants' As
■
The Supreme Court hR« reversed the order of
the Superior Court of Mendocino County Ac
nvinp a new trial to O. L. Smith, charged with
grand larceny.
The schooner Orion, which arrived from
<Tray- Harbor yesterday, lost a man overboard
in ih* ?r,uthwoster that capsized the British
. sirmore.
Jean Cole, a laborer, and from all evidence a
brute, was sentenced by Judge Low to six
onth« in the County Jhil for hitting his wife
:n the face with a flatiron.
The Maroeaa ease was called in Judge
■••--rday. bat i: was not ready,
ar.d another cooftaaance was granted. It will
come up again on April 13.
Edward W. Williams, the clerk of the Jus
■ about to be married to Misg
May Doremui Snook, the sister of District
-Mtorney Snook of Oakland.
Martin Kellogg, President of the fetate T'ni
versity. lectured et the Girls' H ; eh School last
nigh: on ••Honor." A chorus ci 150 girl voices
added to the en tertainment.
The i rrand Jury is reported to be in po«es-
Mon of data showing that the Assessor has as
sfi>e'l deposits, securities, stock and franchises
far below their actual value.
Mr. Frsv.klin of the firm of Metzjrer & Frank
lln yesterday dismissed Butler Miller from his
employ, because Captain Lees convinced him
that the butler was under an alias.
Genera] and Mrs. R. H. Warfield of the Cali
fornia Hotel had a party of Eastern people out
on the bay yoterday." The quarantine- boat
Perkins took them to all the points of interest.
- Eaton railed some excitement nn
Mark- • afternoon by snatch-
Ing - - •••-:■ • ar-old son from the side of his
former wife and giving the youngster a buggy
ride.
There w«« a stormy meeting: of depositors of
the People's Home Savings Bank last night, nt
which threat of personal violence were made
aeninst Directors Freeman, Taylor, Phelps and
Thornton. -'•;-
The Metal-roofers' Union was reorganized
ight and joined the Building Trades
11. It veil! hereafter work on the card
Tsere was nothing to indicate a strike
M»re Island tue I'nadilla broke down in
•. Bay yesterday. Sne was circling round
ak:n British ship Blairmore when the
conneoune-rod broke and she drifted into
M.«s:on Rock. .
the meeting of the Labor Council last
_ • the question of prison-made (roods re
-1 narked attention, and it was decided to
have each union make a thorough investiga
the matter.
- son of Ormonde, started for the
it Inc'.eside yesterday, and was
■ mate horses were': Ottyanna,
Sotire, Oliver, Joe Terry, Meadow" Lark,
T'>ano aiid Kamsin.
Two Stanford student? will leave on the Rus
sian Sealskin Company's steamer Kotic for
Kamchatka a week from to-day to collect
zoological and oth^r specimens. Timothy Hop
kins will pay the cost.
The Fair sisters yesterday filed a demurrer to
the contest of ex-Judge Paterson to the will of
September 24 yesterday and next Friday was
fixed lor an argument upon it. Not until that
is disposed of will the date of trial be fixed.
Mr. Hayne, on behalf of the Deople, began
bis argument in the Railroad Commission
i a>f> yesterday. He attacked the validity of
the lease of the Central Pacific to the .Southern
Pacific. He will resume on next Tuesday
morning.
The Blythe case is to be revived to-day in
Judge Coff'ey's court, when his granting or not
e ranting of a bill of exceptions to the decree of
final distribution will preeipitnte prolonged
litigation in the State and United States Su
preme courts.
The passing of sentence on Louis Sternberg
•■' h- acnin laiii over by Judge Wallace yester
• lay. Sternberjr Will very probably have to
wait until the Supreme Court passes ur>on his
i fise now pending there before he will be sen
tenced by the lower court.
The Pacific Kennel Club is preparing for a
"r>f nrh in May that promises to eclipse all
• ■- events of the kind held in this City.
•■ <iould. August Belmont and other well
. dog breeders of the Enst will make
: tbe competition among local fan
<-:e:> irill be very to
lii the United States Circuit Court yesterday
r & schlam sti«-d the Zeno Mauvais Music
t ompany for publishing "Dora Dean" under
•titlf of "Ma Angeline," and the White
smith Company oi Boston charged the same
lants with publishing "May Irwln's New
Bully" under the name of "The New Bully."
A RECEIVER SUED.
The Flak Brothers Wagon Company
Attempting to (iarnidhee.
The Fish Brothers Wagon Company
brought suit yesterday to garnishee $10,000
alleged to be owinc them from the defunct
firm ol Frank Brothers. The action is
azainst O. G. Wktaoo, who was recently
appointed receiver of the firm at the re
quest of several creditor? who had effected
a compromise with Fran* Brothers about
two years ago. Fish Brothers were not
fK-rties to this agreement.
In 1889 an international convention of
deaf mutes from all parts of the world was
held at Paris.
GOVERNOR JOKES
PISSES AWAY.
Nevada's Chief Executive
Dies After a Linger
ing Illness.
LAST MOMENTS CALM.
Mrs. Jones in Constant Attend
ance on Her Husband Until
the Very End.
WAS LOVED BY HIS PEOPLE.
The Bells of His Adopted State Pro
claim the Sad Tidings — Early
Life and History.
John E. Jones, one of {the best known
men on the Pacific Coast, and for tne last
two years Governor of Nevada, is dead.
The end came in this City yesterday
THE LATE GOVERNOR JOHN E. JOKES OF NEVADA.
afternoon at 5:30 o'clock, and was not un
expected. For days he had been hovering
on the border of the great beyond, and at
the last the final transition was as cairn
and peaceful as a pleasant dream.
Mrs. Jones was with her husband to the
very end. and. save her brother, Thomai
Weybun, was the only member of the Gov
ernor's family present during the last
hours.
Some months ago Governor Jones was
attacked with a disease which competent
physicians pronounced cancer of the
stomach. On the advice of friends he
came to San ' Francisco, consulting the
most eminent practitioners in the City.
They afforded him only temporary relief,
candidly admitting that his death was
only a question of days.
One day. about three months ago, Mrs. '
Dr. Cook called on the Governor at the
Paia:e Hotel and asked permission to ;
prescribe for the then dying man. She
did, and for a time her efforts seemed to
meet with success. Governor Jones so far
recovered as to be able to waik a consider
able distance. The attending physician
suggested to Mrs Jones that she secure a
auiet place, and. acting on this advice,
the upper flat at 607 Guerrero street was
secured.
For weeks the Governor continued to
improve, so far as outward appearances
went. Three weeks ago. however, he suf
fered a relapse, resulting finally in his
death, as already stated.
Governor John E. Jones was born in
Wales. December 5, 1840. He immigrated
to the United States with his parents ami
settled in lowa in 1856. He was educated
in the public schools, completing his edu
cation with a four years' course in the
lowa State University. In hiu early man
hood he was engaged in school teaching in
his adopted State. He came to this coast
in 1869. in company with Henry Hiip of
this City.
He went to the Eureka mining district
of Nevada shortly afterward and soon be
came popular among his fellow- miners of
that locality. He was president ot the
Ruby Kill Miners' Union for several years.
He amassed a fair fortune in mining prop
erty ar.d lands, most of his interests being
in the Eureka district, although he owned
iands in Carson Valley, Nev., and in South
ern Utah. In 1886 he "was elected Surveyor-
General and State Registrar of Lands on
the Republican ticket, and four years later
was re-elected to the same office. He left
the Republican for the Silver party during
his last term as Surveyor-General, and in
recognition of that act the party with
which be affiliated elected him Governor
in 1894.
He was a Knight Templar and of the !
enviable thirty-second degree in the Ma- j
sonic order. At one time he was grand ;
master of that order in Nevada. For the!
last ten years he resided in Carson City, j
Previous to that time he lived at Eureka. !
He was engaged in mining in Wyoming i
and Colorado for a short time before com- j
ing to the coast.
Speaking of him yesterday a prominent \
Nevadan said: "He was true to every offi- i
cial trust or we would not have repeatedly I
bestowed upon him the elective honors we
did. He had a large personal following in ,
friends who knew his true worth."
The remains ot the late Governor will- be
carried to Nevada for interment to-mor- !
row.
Late last evening Governor Budd sent
the following dispatch to Colonel F. S.
Chadbourne, paymaster-general :
Just received news of the death of Governor
John E. Jones of Nevada. Please convey my
sympathy and condolence to the family in
behalf of the people of the State of California.
Render them every assistance. J. H. Budd.
ALL NEVADA MODENB.
Bells Throughout the State Tolled the Bad
News.
CARSON. Nev., April 10.— Governor
Jones' death was taken with universal
sadness throughout the State, he being
one of the most popular men, politically
and fraternally, in this State. As soon as
the news was received the bells through
out the State tolled the news. The funeral
will be held uuder the auspices of the
Masons, of which order he was past
grand master; also with military honors.
Keinbold Sadler, who was elected Lieuteu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. APRIL 11, 1896.
ant-Governor, will /jccupy the office of
Governor without opposition, as the peo
ple of Nevada recognize the iact that he
was lawfully elected and has filled the
office of acting Governor for the past tDree
months with great credit.
COLUMBIA COUNCIL BALL.
The Annual Ball at Native Sons' Hall
an Unqualified Success.
The annual ball given by Columbia
Council No. 55 of the Young Men's Insti
tute at Native Sons' Hall last evening was
very successful.
The attendance exceeded 400. The dec
orations were unique and handsome. Dr.
Joseph B. Morrissey and partner led the
grand march, which opened the festivities
at 9:30 o'clock. Greunan's orchestra dis
coursed music for the devotees of Terpsi
chore.
The gallery was filled with interested
spectators. The officers of the council are:
Thomas J. Barry, president: Thomas An
tnine Fchmitt, first vice-president; James j
IP. Foley, secretary and vice-president; j
I Thomas A. McCormick. recording secre- j
|tary; George A. Stanley, financial secre- j
itarv; William J. Carfin, treasurer; A. '
j Pilcovich, marshal; Joseph Ztpfel, senti- 1
1 nei: Dr. Joseph G. Morissey, medical ex- !
; aminer; R. P. Quinlan. D. A. Lawler, i
j Samuel Haskins, If. R. Nicholson and F. j
: E. Mahoney. The committee of arrange- |
| ments consisted of W. J. Ahren, Charles I
Drury, D. P. t?hea, Joseph B. Haffen and :
, Dr. T. H. Morris; the floor committee of;
j D. J. O'Callaehan, R. A. Morrissey, James <
i F. Morse, George Jennings, W. F. Laugh- !
Lin, James P. Sweeney, George A. Rice j
; and Dr. W. H. SiebeVst; the reception
committee of R. D. Quinlan, Thomas W. !
\ Doyle, John J. Kelly, Dr. C. J. McGovern, j
J. H. Dillon, M. A. Cussins, Frank J.
Kane, Eugene McGinn, E. J. Crane, J. P.
■\Vickman, S. J. Ruddeil, M. J. Hayes, J. j
; V. Hayes. J. V. Andler. M. R. Nicholson, j
i Thomas F. Harney. Frank M. King, John I
1 A. Boyier, D. Harte and Thomas Jennings; i
Dr. Joseph G. Morrissey acted as floor
manager. _^_^_______ >
THE BLIND PRIMA DONNA
M'ss Belinfante Makes Her
Debut at the Audi
torium.
Warm Applause Given by a Critical
Audience— An Aria From
"Carmen."
The audience which assembled Thursday
night at the Auditorium to hear Signorina
Estrela Belinfante and Anton Schott, was
more enthusiastic than numerous. Among
those present were a number of Italian
and German residents.
The Signorina is a slim, graceful girl,
who looks almost too fragile to be the
possessor of such a big voice as she
possesses.
Her blindness is not very apparent, as
, she has pretty dark eyes, which give no
outward indications of her inrirmity, but
; she is evidently unable to see her way
about the platform, and as she indulges in
; a good deal of dramatic gesture, there were
moments when the people in the front
rows trembled for fear she should take one
: step too many forward.
j John Marquardt, who played the violin
! obligato to her first song, "watched her
with evident anxiety, but the young lady
i was very sure of herself and managed to
move about gracefully, as well as safely.
Miss Beiinfante'a voice is of the mezzo
! soprano contralto quality, which would tit
j her to sing such roles as Carmen, Azu
] cena or Orpheus in Gluck's "Orfeo."
She has considerable power and a good
1 compass and some of her tones are excep
tionally sweet, rich and ringing. The
; contralto tones of her chest register are
deep and full without being sepulchral,
; though if she continues to bring this pro
; duction into her lower middle register she
I will eventually impair her fine upper notes.
The young contralto sings equally well
i in English and Italian, and her cnuncia
; tion in both languages is reraarkablv clear
and good. She sang the ''L'amour e'est
i un oiseau," f'om "Carmen," id Italian
J with a chic and dash and aggressive impu
j de nee which showed that she has the voca-
I tion to act as well as to sing Bizet's
j heroine if she were not debarred from stage
worK by her blindness.
Miss Belinfante's voice shows to best
i advantage in operatic music. She gave an
; interesting and dramatic rendering of the
I "Che Faro?" from Gluck's "Orfeo," and
j she preceded the aria by the beautiful
! and difficult recitation, which is too often
j omitted. Another of Miss Belinfante's
i nuniDers was Papinis "Elaine," and she
I sang "Daddy' 1 prettily as an encore.
There was a great deal of enthusiasm
shown by the public for the blind singer,
[ and sue received numerous floral tributes.'
Anton Schott was in eood voice, and
| ■worked hard to make the evenine a suc
i c^ss. In Beetnoven's "Die Himmel
I Ruehrnen' 1 he sang with great dramatic
J effect and a magnificent volume of voice,
j his rendition of "Lohengrin's Narration' 1
j and "Lohengrin's Farewell" also brought
, him loud applause and "bravos."
"The Three Student"*," by Speyer, is a
| good old German drinking song, "in which
! Schott was quite at home. He also gave a
1 couple of Schumann nonss and Starck's
I '•Rheinlied." as well as several encores.
Arthur Fickenscber, the pianist, played
i several selections, including works "by
[ Delibes and Chopin.
The second concert by the above artists
I will be given to-morrow afternoon at the
I Auditorium.
Kinil Beck Sentenced.
Emil Beck, convicted of obtaining money
under false pretenses, was sentenced to seven
years' imprisonment by Judge Wallace yester
day. Beck whs the young man who repre
sented himself as the advance agent of the
Stanford Glee Club, and who victimized a
nnmber of people inconsequence. There were
three charges agaiust him.
INDIGNANT DEPOSITORS.
People's Home Savings Bank
Directors Are De
nounced.
THREATS OF SHOOTING MADE.
VViliam Encke Wants to Get the
Directors Together and Fill
Them With L-ad.
"William Encke made a highly incen
diary speech last night at the meeting of
the depositors of the People's Home Sav
ings Bank.
Several speakers had preceded him with
remarks as to the hopelessness of obtain
ing their money by legal means, and oth
ers had suggested that the Prosecuting At
torneys, Judges and others whom tney be
lieved to have assisted the directors and
stockholders, should be boycotted at the
polls next fall.
Before the applause which greeted those
expressions had subsided Mr. Encke, a
short, thickset mau with a broad accent,
arose and said :
"We can't get anything out of those
directors unless we take the law in onr
own hands. The thing to do is to wait till
the directors are all together and then
give them some lead. If a man tries to
break into my house and rob me I have a
right to take my Distol and shoot him."
F. H. Quahiman, in the chair, said that
the depositors had had three years in which
to do the cleaning out.
"I don't want any help," said Encke
cheerfully. "I only want to know who the
directors are by sight and I will do the
rest."
T. H. McCarthy expressed the hope that
the depositors would have patience and
wait until all legal means had been ex
hausted. Then they could assemble 3000
or 6000 persons and march to the Mills
building and see whether they would get
justice.
Several others expressed similar opinions
to that of Mr. Encke that force was the
alternative left them. The speeches were
of the hottest kind and charged Directors
Freeman, Thornton, Phelps and Taylor
with standing in with the stockholders for
the purpose of cheating the depositors out
of their money. Judge Hebbard, District
Attorney Barnes and others were blamed
for leniency toward R. H. McDonald Jr.
It was alleged that Prosecuting Attorney
Hinkle was incompetent and allowed the
defense to have their own way.
After a violent preamble scoring Direc
tors Phelps. Thornton, Freeman and Tav
tor for removing Mr. Flournoy from his
position as attorney of the bank, the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted:
Baeivcd, That if S. K. Thornton, W. H.
I'helps, E. M. Freeman and W. P. Taylor were
honorable men they would not ignore tne
petition of nearly 1300 depositors and repre
senting £1,000,000 in deposits when it was
filed with them requesting the retention of
Mr. Flournoy.
Resolved, That we will await with patience
the results of suits that are about to be com
menced by our assignee, the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, and if satisfaction
cannot be obtained and justice done us, we be
lieve that the 5000 depositors of this City
would be justified in assembling in a body and
dealing out summary justice to men who
are mismanaging and misappropriating our
money.
After passing another resolution re
questing the District Attorney and the
Bank Commissioners to do their duty, the
meeting adjourned subject to the call of
the chair.
SEEING IS BELIEVING.
Gratifying Success of the Plan to In
troduce the Encyclopaedic
Dictionary.
Nearly a month ago the Pacific Coast
Newspaper Syndicate, controlling the
new Encyclopaedic .Dictionary, in order
to introduce 'he work, wisely deter
mined to distribute a considerable
number of sets at a nominal price and
on easy terms, so that' it might be
widely compared with other reference
works and favorable publicity be thereby
obtained.
Those that have thus received the work
are convinced that the claims made for it
have been fully justified. They have
found that it is a complete dictionary,
containing accurate information regarding
the origin, history, spelling, definition,
pronunciation and use of every word in
the English language; that it is a com
prehensive encyclopedia in all branches of
knowledge; that it is a dictionary of nuo
tations from the entire range of English
literature, and that it is a scientific diction
ary, affording a wide range of information
on all technical subjects.
It contains many new words not found
in any other dictionary, but which, are, as
a matter of fact, the very ones regarding
which exact information is most necessary..
It is a standard of reference in schools,
colleges, universities, and among lawyers,
physicians, scientists, literary men, busi
ness men and all classes to whom exact
and exhaustive information about words
and things is a necessity.
All these points have naturally told
strongly in favor of the work, and it is,
therefore, small wonder that the supple
mental distribution, which began Monday
last and closes Saturday evening, should
have been so remarkably successful.
But the opportunity for securing a set at
the extremely low introductory price and
on the exceptionally easy terms of pay
ment will soon have passed, as Saturday
night, at 10 o'clock, is the hour fixed, and
after that the regular subscription price of
from $42 to $70 per set, according to biud
ing, will prevail.
Dr. Jordan on the Charter.
Professor David Starr Jordan, president of
the Stanford University, will deliver an ad
dress at Golden Gate Hall this evening upon
'■Centralization in Municipal Government
With Special Reference to the New Charter."
The board of director* of the Merchants' As
sociation has accepted the invitation to be
present at the meeting. The Merchants' Asso
ciation regards it as a favorable omen lor
future improvement of municipal government
that such a distinguished scholar consents to
give his opinions to the public witnout reser
vation.
An Able Argument.
In this week' 9 San Francisco News-Letter
i will be found a masterly article entitled "Fol
lies of the Funding Fight." which every one
; should read for the clear insight it gives intu
I a great question involving the future of Cali-
I fornia. The writer proves tnat it is to the in
terest of the people that the Government make
; easy terms with the railroad, because all the
money that must be paid it must neoes>arily
come out of our own pockets. Pleasure's Wand
j column contains a clever criticism ot Pudd'n
i head Wilson, and sparkles with witty and in
teresting theairical comment. A superb pic
tur<»of Akntraz makes the eighth number ot
I the Picturesque Francisco series issued by
I this live and up-to-date weekly.
State SporUmen'i Offlceri.
The State Sportsmen* Association of Califor
nia held a business meeting last evening in
parlor A, Palace Hotel. The following are the
officers elected ior the ensuing year: President,
Crittendeut Robinson ; vice-president, Thomas
Flint Jr.; treasurer, Dr. S. E. Knowles. Board
of directors— Hon. J. V. Coleman. C. A. Haight,
Dr. Knowles, Thomas Flint Jr. and Dr. J. \vl
Hayes of Grass Valley. The directors will ap
point a secretary later on. The principal event
in the live-bird "tournament of the day will be
the race for the Fay diamond medaL A large
entry is expected.
PRISON-MADE GOODS.
Unions of the Cpuncil to Make an In
vestigatiou of the Subject.
At the meeting of the Labor Council
last night a report was submitted showing
that the following named unions are in
favor of sustaining the Labor Council as
against the Central Labor Alliance re
cently organized by a convention of dele
gates from the various labor unions:
Sailors', Iron-molders", Horseshoers',
Cigar-maKers'. Electrical Workers', Theat
rical Employes', Coopers', Musicians',
Brewery Workmen, Bakers' and Pattern
makers'.
The Tailors' and Furniture-makers'
unions had not yet taken action, and the
Garment-makers' and Cooks and Waiters'
unions were reported to be not yet regu
larly affiliated with the council" though
they soon expect to be.
Reports from various unions were made,
showing their condition as favorable.
The following motion was adoped: That
the Labor Council is in favor of propor
tional representation, and that the legis
lative committee be instructed to present
a bill to the next Legislature amending
the constitution to provide for propor
tional representation.
On the report of the special committee
that prison-made barrels were being
shipped here from the East, a motion was
adopted instructing the committee to con
tinue its investigation and requesting the
delegates to lay the matter before their
respective unions for additional informa
tion, for the purpose of learning whether
any other prison-made goods were being
marketed here.
ROOFERS IN THE COUNCIL
An Important Addition to the
Strength of the Building
Trades.
Nothing to Suggest a Strike in Any
.Part of the City— The Card
Works Well.
Among the building trades in this City
yesterday the indications were cot in any
particular indicative of a stnke. On every
hand mechanics were working away on
buildings, and it appeared round town
that San Francisco was receiving its cus
tomary spring painting. At the head
quarters of the building trade's, 115 Tnrk
street, but a handful of men could be seen,
and in fact the large hall was practically
abandoned at certain hours of the day.
For some reason the bone of conten
tion — the Emporium building on Market
street — received no thoueht from the
unions — for union men were at work there
as if nothing had happened, an under
standing having been reached over the
contracts that could not be annulled,
Indeed, it might be said that the strike
was at an end, and that the united car
penters, painters, etc., had gained their
point. They were as industrious as ever
earning their honest wages, but in & new
environment. Every man working with
them was a union man. He baa "the
card" in his pocket.
"Of course we had a few complaints
from jobs over the card," said J. Mc-
Cartney, chairman of the grievance com
mittee, "but they did not amount to any
thing, and we settled them easily."
Business Agent Saunders of the council
said he and Agent Mclvor had been "visit
ing among the buildings and were satis
fied at the condition of things everywhere.
He added that the master painters were
quietly unionizing their shops, and a good
feeling existed between employers and
men.
The Metal Roofers' Union met last night
at 115 Turk street and reorganized under
the auspices of the building trades coun
cil. E. T. MdTor, .T. McCartney and T. E.
Zandt, the councils committee on organi
zation, were present and explained the
card system in detail. This explanation
was so reasonable and ?o satisfactory that
seventy-three metal roofers signed the roll.
John T. McGrath was elected temporary
chairman, John P. McGowan temporary
secretary, Ike Winthrop ser<reant-at-arms.
I. Winthrop, Charles \N illi*, William
Taylor and B. Comeford were elected a
committee on reorganization.
M. Hughes, George Engler, P. McDon
ald and J. McGowan were chosen as the
committee on constitution and by-laws,
ami J. T. McGrath was added to each, ex
otiicio.
The union decided to go into permanent
organization next Tuesday evening at 115
Turk street, when it is expected that the
roll will be increased to 250. The old
union was a powerful labor organization
with considerable numerical strength, and
under the present very favorable condi
tions the new one may be still more influ
ential.
The revival of this union is import
ant, as it gives still another large body of
men to tiie building trades council and
consequently gives the council renewed
strength and confidence. It places the
council in a better position to enforce its
card throughout the <Mty.
The Shinglers' Union met at 115 Turk
street and sifter a long discussion con
cluded to affiliate with the council and so
to work under the card system. A com
mittee was appointed to present the matter
before the carpenters that an understand
ing might be reached between the two
bodies. Carpenters' Union 22 heard the
committee, but deferred action for a week.
A COSTLY TALISMAN.
Van de Vere, the Sorcerer, in Judge
Low's Court.
Professor Van de Vere was again on
trial yesterday before Police Judge Low
on a charge of grand larceny, the details
of which have already been published.
Vande Vere, the defendant, was in court,
of course, and at times broke into laughter
with the audience when the "rawness" of
his work was exposed.
Bell was on the stand during most of
the afternoon. He told the story of his
financial undoing from the time he paid
$25 for a talisman, the intrinsic value of
which does not amount to 25 cents, to the
times he gave up from $100 to $375 to Van
de Vere and Professor Eugene on their
claim that they would relieve him of all
evil influences".
More testimony of this nature is to De
heard and, although it has, up to date,
been shown that Bell voluntarily parted
with his money, and that his testimony is
to the effect that the alleged clairvoyants
fulfilled all their promises, it ia more than
likely Van de Vere will be held over to be
tried by a jury in the Superior Court.
Election of Sons of Hermann.
At the general meeting of the Ernst V.
Bandel Lodge or the order of the Sons of
Hermann last evening, the following officers
were elected and installed for the ensuing
term: President, C. Streu; vice-president,
Theo. Bchoefer; treasurer, G. Guenther; secre
tary, K. a. Konl, financial secretary, William
Zell; guide, C, F. W. Miller; inside watchman.
J. Hohn; outside watchman, C. Mevias;
surgeon, Dr. F. F. Lord; finance committee—
J. Stromberg, A. Weisman and P. Krueckel.
The representatives to the Grand Lodge, which
meets on the 11th of May at San Jose, are: G.
Guentber. A. Wiesman, J. Stromberg, V. Acker
and A. Stier.
Five Days in Jail for Contempt.
George Louis Ying, interpreter of the Oceanic
Steamship Company, was sent to jail for five
days by United States Judge Morrow yesterday,
for disobeying a subpena to testily before the
I'nited States Grand Jury in the matter of the
Williams investigation.
TO-DAT.
-.'^■LM: "Pure and Sure."
Baking Powder^
" I am convinced Cleveland's is the purest baking
powder made and I have adopted it exclusively in my
cooking schools and for daily household use. n
MRS. S. T. Roreß, Principal Philadelphia Cooking School.
TOILERS SEEKING WAGES.
Laborers Claim That Jake Raver
Refuses to Pay What Is
Due Them.
J. S. Kimpiton, One of the Teamsters,
Makes a Statement at the
Labor Bureau.
The laborer Henshaw, mentioned in a
recent issue of The Call, is not, it ap
pears, the only sufferer by the McCoy
street-grading contract. J. S. Kimpston,a
teamster employed under the contract, has
a similar story to tell and a larger claim
to collect.
"When McCoy failed and assigned the
contract to J. J. Rauer/' said Kimpston,
"I was wording with two teams and a
hired man. This man was engaged by
me. and I have had to pay him. All I
owe him is $3. which he is sure of getting.
But Raver owes me $109, no part of which
has yet been pai«i. I live by ray work,
and have a family of seven dependent upon
me for support, and a? everybody knows,
house rent and bills for provisions count
up rather steep when there's no money
coming in. Besides, I have four horses to
keep, and I cannot go on forever getting
their feed on credit.
"i know of six or seven men who have
not been able to collect money due them
for labor performed under this ill-starred
contract. In some instances the men were
induced to sign receipts in full before they
could eet a small portion of their wages.
These men, when they asked for their
money, were shown the receipts and de
fied to press their claims. Several of ua
intend to wait upon Jake Raver in a body
very soon, and perhaps his fear of being
put to public shame may induce him to
Dony up. lam myself in sad need of the
money owing to me, while some of the
others, lite Henshaw, are on the last ex
treme of destitution. It seems a shame
that men who have worked hard and tried
to serve their employers conscientiously
should be defrauded of their lawful pay.' 1
Oregon District Synod.
Rev. J. M. Buehler, paator of St. Paul's
Lutheran Church, corner of Eddy and Gough
streets, went East yesterday as delegate of the
California and Oregon District Synod to attend
the triennial session of the German Lutheran
Synod at Fort Wayne, Ind. The pastor will be
absent six weeks, his pulpit in the meanwhile
being occupied by brother clergymen.
If you once use Mitchell's Magic Lotion^you
•will never be without it. •
£ i %
it) T x!
m
SOME FEATURES
OF THE
SUNDAY CALL.
April 12, 1896.
Curious War Inventions.
BY LIEUTENANT W. R. HAMILTON, U. S. A.
The Apostle of the Caballa.
Why Some Men Will Not Be Inter-
viewed,
BY W. C. MORROW.
Twenty-three Years a Sea-Fighter.
The Palm of Paderewski,
READ BY AN EXPERT.
How Four American Women Traveled
in Japan.
Novelties in the Realms of Science.
Literature and Art.
New Books Intelligently Reviewed.
The Latest Fashion Gossip for Women
and Men.
What Is Going On in Society.
Many Other Good Things May Be
Found in the '"Sunday- Call."
It Can Be Bought Wherever News-
papers Are Sold.
"'THE CALL' SPEAKS FOR ALL"
¥ C YOU MENTION
IF THIS PAPER
We will send you FREE the
handsomest bicycle catalogue is-
sued this year. It tells you all
about the
"BUILT LIKE avvatckh
Address WM . V. BRYAN,
Manager Pac. Coast Branch Sterling Cycle Works,
314- Post St., San Francisco. ; ■
HEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
f (Ingleside Track). .
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
t (RAIN OB SHINE.) - ' -
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION »1.00.
Take Pont hern Pacitlc trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 r. it
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. 'lake Mission-street electric Una direct
.to track. ■ . . '; r • :'-:''.■ ' ■"".. ',',. :
' A. B. SPKECKEIA W. 3. LEA KB,
' .President. , ? Secretary
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
.rniCBLAnQUtGOTTLODft a>- itJit3AMrunM»>—
"IP." I WANT
TO
YOU I SEE
A Brilliant Croud of Ladies, Children and the beat
of all beautiful plays, come to the .Matinee to-day-*
MARK TWAIN'S
"PUDD'NHEAD WILSON."
-■ And His Delightful Company.
NOTHING LIKE IT SINCE GABRICK.
V THEATRE i>S?
I IST | —TO-NIGHT— I THE I
I MAT. **d REAL
| TO-DAY. | ALL THE WEEK THING.
IP DAI LEY
In John J. ally's Greatest Laughing Success,
THE NIGHT CLERK.
COMPANY SUPEKB ! PRODUCTION
LAST 3 PERFORMANCES —
The Popular Actor,
jl*m r es O'HSTEIILiILj
Mat. to-day and San. night. COURIER OF LYONS
To-night MONTE CRIBTO
Next Monday. ....For a limited engagement*
RICHARD MANSFIELD.
Entire First Week BEAU BRCMMEU
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. .hHNEbiiNK KBELisa, Proprietor & Manager
A TRIU3IPH!
EVERY .EVENING !
Our Easter Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
GREAT O-A.J9T.— —
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY t
GORGEOUS COSTU3IES !
ENTRANCING BALLETS!
The Latest Terpsichorean Novelty.
••RAYS OF LIGHT!"
Whole Show an Oriental Dream of Loveliness.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater la America.
WALTER MOROCCO, Sole Lessee and ilanagM
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Robert r>rou.?t'<* Masterpiece,
"DORIS!"
First Appearance of the Great Leading Actress,
MISS LISLE LEIGH.
An Unparalleled Cast! A Great Play.
Stesiss Pricks— 2sc ani 53a
Family Circle and Gall err. 10a.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stoclttoa an] Pa-vit!.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY APRIL 11.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c :
Children, 10c, any part.
A Brilliant Array of Sew People !
ELENA LbILA, " ROSIE RtNDEL,
LA BELLA CARMEN,
• ADONIS AMES,
SEQOMMER,
THE MaRVELLES,
BRUET AND RIVIERE,
THE NAWNS, Etc., Etc.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fbikdlasueb, Gottlob* Co., Lessees
SECOND GRAN i» CON CERT,
This Afternoon at 2:15.
SIGSORIM KSTRULA BELMFAITB
The Great Italian Contralto.
HEhR ANTON SCHOTT,
The Great Wagoerian Singer.
HERR Fl KENSCHER,
The Celebrated Pianist.
Reserved seats. 60c, 75c and 91
Last Concert To-morrow (Sunday) night.
nACDONOUQH THEATER-OAKLAND.
Matinee To-Day at 2. To-Night at 8.
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE!
The Famous AMERICAN EXTRAVAGANZA
CO.. 125— People— 1-5, the Glorious, Gorgeous,
Glittering
SINBAD
The Bailor, or Maid of Balsora.
A Greater Hit than "Aladdin Jr."
Secure Your Seats Quick. Prices Ssc to 91.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LOG-ROLLINCTCONTESTS I
To-Horrow Afternoon and Evening.
GREAT FUN; NEW TO FRISCO !
Balloon Ascension and Parachute Jump
at 4:30,
Wind and Temperature Permitting.
TO-DAY IS THE DAT FOR CHILDREN t
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, 5&
Ladles— Chutes, Weekday Afternoon*. sc.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FIVE AM) CHORAL CONCERTS.
[MORMON 1
'••••••■•■■••■■■•••■■■•■a ■•■«••>«•••••■•••••••••*
TABERNACLE CHOIR.
—175 VOICES
Commencing WEDNESDAY NIGHT,
April 15, to Sunday Night, April 19.
NO MATINEES.
Prices (including reserved seat). *1 50 and L, .
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay <£ Co. I*.1 *.
SUTRO BATHS
A S D
PLEASURE GROUNDS.
Firth Wheel, Mirror Maze,. Haunted
Swing and Punch and Judy always in
Operation on Marry Way. Concerts
' every Saturday and Sunday by
First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, Band.
General Admission.. ...........10 cents
Children. ■■■...... ;.... ]' 5 cents
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
Now Open Every Sunday During: the Season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing and
other amusements. Refreshments at city prices.
Fare, round trip, 25c; children 15c; including ad-
mission to the grounds. .--;--
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Ttbnron Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 p. *
and Ip. it. Returning leave El Campo 11:15
a. m., 1, 3 and 5 p. K.
78
HAYNE ATTACKS
THE LONG LEASE
And Produces Authorities
That Were Cited by the
Opposition.
THE LEASE IS VOID.
So Say Several Decisions of the
United States Supreme
Court.
REFERENCE TO A CEMETERY.
An 'nsinuation That Oce Is Necessary
to the Eusiness of Rail
roading.
Mr. Hayne began his argument for the
people yesterday morning in the Railroad
Commission case before Judge McKenna
in the United States Circuit Court. The
whole of the day was taken up with the
discussion of the validity of the lease of
the Central Pacific system to the Southern
PaciSic of Kentucky.
Mr. Hayne has a very aggravating
met l:od of arguing this case. It is not in
his manner, for Mr. Hayne is as suave a
gentleman as ever scuttled a fat fee or cut
the throat of the law to serve his client.
But it is in his method, which consists in
taking the authorities and cases cited by
the opposition in support of their case
and introducing them for the purpose of
showing that they support his case in
stead.
During the day Mr. Pillsbury did the
baiting for his colleagues, or rather he at
tempted to do so, for all his efforts were
tied with a string of rubber and jump.d
back to him, smiting him hip and thigh
with the Hayne retort, which is as cold
blooded as that charity which weeps, but
Which does not give.
Mr. Hayne will resume his argument
next Tuesday morning at half-past 10
o'clock, and it is expected that som* time
before the end of next week Mr. Garber,
whose tender is loaded with the best legal
coa;. will come looting down the track with
a full heed of steam on. and Coke and
Blackstone an-1 the Supreme Court of the
United States sitting on the cowcatcher.
Mr. Hayne cited authorities from United
States Reports to show that in cases of
douot respecting the rights and privileges
of railroad corporations the doubt is
always to be interpreted in favor of the
}>L-oi.ie and against the corporation. He
alto cited cases to establish the contention
tuat corporations cannot dispose of their
franchises by lease or otherwise without
legislative authority.
. The case of a Pennsylvania railroad com
pany against a St. Louis railroad company
in volume IS of the United States Supreme
Court Reports was cued. In that case the
court decided that a lease would be void
where the lessee had not received legisla
tive authority to enter into such a con- j
tract, even though the lessor had that au
thority by a statute. The Southern Pa- j
cine Company is unable to furnish any au
tnoiity [or leasing the Central Pacific, and
no application was ever made to Congress
to secure its consent to the lease of the
Central Pacific to the Southern Pacific.
The speaker denied that there existed or
had Listed an implied consent on the part
of Congress, or that this lease had been
made :vith implied consent. Several deci
sions were read to establish the contention
that in public grants nothing passes by
implication. He asked if the doubt is to
be resolved in favor of the Government in
one action why not resolve the doubt in
the same way in the other action 3.
Mr. Pi'lsbury interrupted by explaining
that when Congress passed the act of 18&*
it was a 1 vised of the situation of affairs.
Mr. Hayne quoted the law of Congress
in LBBB, whereby all railroad and telegraph
companies to which the United States has
grunted subsidies or any other assistance,
are required to maintain and operate the
railroads by themselves alone.
Mr. Pillsbury asked permission to ex
plain that the quoted section referred to
telegraph companies and not to railroad
companies.
This interpretation was stoutly com
bated by Mr. Hayne and the Attorney-
General. Mr. Hayne remarking that the
fact that such eminent gentlemen as Pills
bury, Herrin and Garber had advocated
that interpretation of the statute was an
indication of the dire extremity to which
they had been, driven in this case. He
added, commiseratingly : "See what a
doubtful abyss of conjecture the argument
of counsel requires them to go into. '
The speaker quoted from a United States
Snpreme Court decision to the effect that
the charter of a corporation defines ita
powers, . and the enumeration of those
powers operates to the exclusion of all
others. Another decision was to the effect
that though it might be fairly inferred
that the Legislature knew that the road
was operated under a lease it was not nec
essary to decide whether it was done for a
lawful purpose or not. The intention of
the law was that whoever did operate the
road and exercise its franchise was bound
by the rates of fares and freights estab
lished by the Commissioners. An Oregon
case was also cited at the request of Attor
ney-General Fitzgerald wherein the court
decided that legislative recognition of a
lease does not imply the power to grant
the lease.
"Wherever a contract is against public
policy it is void and unlawful," said Mr.
Hayne. "It is a taint, a poison, and no
court of equity will have anythi ng to do
with it."
The argument went on to establish from
opinions cited the contention that the
powers cf corporations organized by the
Legislative statutes aie such, and such
oniy, as those which the statutes confer.
Here Mr. Hayne entered upon the sec
ond point of his argument— the prohibi
tion directed against the Southern Pacific
Company by which it was not allowed to
do business in the State of Kentucky,
whicn gave it birth. He took up several
authorities which had been cited by Mr.
Pillsbury, and he argued that those" very
authorities were directly against the posi
tion taken by Mr. Pillsbury. It was also
argued that while a State may create a
corporation and authorize it to do business
in another State, yet if it introduces an act
prohibiting it from doing business in its
native State the principle of comity be
comes shut out and the other States may
say. "Nor shall you do any business in our
Btate."
fhe Southern Pacific Company was pro
hibited by its charter not from doing any
business, but from doing railroad business
in Kentucky. But that is the only busi
ness that the Southern Pacific Company
could do in California; hence it could not
legally do any business at all in this State.
Ms. Hayne asked Mr. Pillsbury whether
lie held that the charter of a foreign cor
poration was the measure of its powers in
a foreign country.
Mr. Pillsbury replied that a corporation
came into this State with its charter, like
a commission or a power of attorney, and
could do any bu-iness which its charter
authonzcJ.
Mr. Hayne said that a corporation
created for the purpose of railroading
could not go into the hospital ortheceme
tery business unless such were necessary
to the operation of its roads.
Mr. Pillsbnry suggested that Mr. Haven's
remark had been inspired by a spirit of
facetiousness, but the speaker replied that
he was soberly in earnest.
The hour of 4 v. m. having arrived Judge
McKenna, with a glance at the tired clock,
announced that Mr. Hayne might resume
his argument at 10:30 o'clock next Tues
day morning.
ADVANCES IN MEDICINE.
Interesting Lecture by Dr. Henry Gib
bong, Dean of Cooper College.
A large and appreciative audience
greeted Dr. Henry Gibbons, dean of
Cooper Medical College, at his lecture on
"Recent Advances in Medicine," given
last night in the college hall.
"We have now reached a point," he
said, "when it has almost ceased to be the
fashion to be skeptical. So many new in
ventions have in their wondrous results
surpassed all that the most fertile imagi
nation of past ages could conceive, that
now we are ready to believe almost any
thing in the way of scientific advance
ment."
The dean noted specifically some of the
recent discoveries which hud revolution
ized the practice of medicine. The dis
coveries of Koch and Pasteur were in
stanced as mere premonitory glimives of
greater things yet to come. The advance
in surgery was especially dwelt upon, the
value and erlicacv of antiseptic methods
being lucidly explained.
HOW TO KILL HORSES.
The Police Officer* Are Given a Le.iion
by Dr. Westphall.
Police Lieutenant George Birdsall sent
his squad of patrolmen out last evening to
be educated how to properly kill a horse
in the case of an emergency.
Surgeon Westphall of the Park-avenue
Hospital had a poor old mare on hand
that was about to die of disease and old
age, and, in accordance with a promise
made to Captain Wittman before the
lavter went East, the notice was sent in
yesterday. The fifty men in the squad
were lined up and the surgeon showed
them exactly the right spot into which to
tire the bullet so as to make a sure shot.
He hrst exhibited a bare skull of a horse
and drew a line across its face from the
lobes above the eyes and pointed out the
center of the line.
The old horse was then brought out and
Officer C. Coogan, better known as "The
Pride of Larkin street." was selected as
the executioner. He had profited well by
the lesson and dropped the horse the first
shot.
EARLY MORNING WEDDING
William Carroll and Miss Annie
Murphy United in the
Holy Bonds.
Contracting Parties Well Known in
This City— Now TouriDg Southern
Ca'ifornia.
A very pretty morning wedding occurred
at St. Joseph's Church last Monday, when
William P. Carroll and Miss Anuie L.
Murphy were united in the holy bonds.
Father Doran read the impressive Catholic
ceremony, after whir:h the happy couple
repaired to the Maison Rk-he, where the
wedding breakfast was served.
-The bride wore a cream duchesse satin
trimmed with white chiffon pearl passe
menterie. The maid of honor, Miss Mary
MR. AND MRS WILLIAM CARROLL ( EE AU.PHY)
Josephine Mnrphy, wore a handsome pink
silk. The groom and his best man were
dressed in the regulation Prince Albert,
with light trousers.
Mr. Carroll is well known in commfr
cial circles in this City, being a member
of the firm of Carroll Brothers, wholesale
liquor merchant*. The bride is the
daughter of William Murphy, acontractor.
She is much admired in the circle in which
she moves.
Mr. and Mr?. Carroll left Tuesday morn
ing for a tour of Southern California.
They will be absent two or three weeks.
KLEISER RECITES.
A Clever Reader Apnears at the Asko-
elation Auditorium.
There was a large and appreciative audi
ence at Association Auditorium Thursday
night to hear Grenville Kleaser, reader
and impersonator, make bis debut in this
City.
Mr. Kleiser entertained and interested
bis audience the whole evening by his
clever recitations and impersonations.
He gave "Our American Cousin," im
personating all the different characters in
the Dlay, and he acted the various parts
with so much delicacy and expression
that people listened with almost as much
interest as if the play were beins acted.
Afterward the reciter gave a clever little
sketch of his own entitled "Matrimony,"
in which he depicted, largely by panto
mime, the roie of a disappointed suitor.
He also recited Eugene Field's "Father's
Way," and gave a burlesque of a boy's
way of reciting "Bingen on the Rhine.'
Oh, what a comfort Mitchell's Magic Lotion
is for bruises, piles, sore throat and
neuralgia. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
ANOTHER WEEK OF DELAY
The Fair Sisters Interpose Ob
jections to Paterson's
Contest.
THIS MUST NOW BE ARGUED.
Not Until Urn Will a Day Be
Fixed for the Trial of the
Big Will Case.
Yesterday morning at the last minute be
fore the matter came on for hearing before
Judge Slack legal documents in the Fair
will case were piled one upon another by
the various attorneys representing the
different interests.
Dr. Levingston, through his attorneys,
made answer ;o the contest filed on behalf
of Herman Oelrichs Jr. by ex- Judge Pat
erson ; also an answer to the contest hied
by Charles L. Fair.
A demurrer was filed by Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs and Miss Virginia Fair to the op
position of Judge Paterson to the second
will.
The vast army of lawyers were present
in court when the case was called, but for
the tirst time since these particular gath
erings of giants began George A. Knight
and CbariesHeggerty flocked by themselves
apart from the otners who represent the
heirs. There has been a division of the
family. The sisters do not aeree with the
brother in his contest.
The demurrer of the sisters to Judge
Paterson's contest was the one element
of surprise. None of the attorneys had
previous notice of it.
Judge Slack refused to fix a day for trial,
out until all the issues are joined he veld
the matter over until next Friday after
noon when he will hear arguments on the
demurrer. The answer of Pr. Levingston
to the contest of Charles L. Fair seta forth
the declaration made by Fair wnen he
brought the will forward that he believed
it to be the last and genuine will of James
The answer to ex-Judge Paterson simply
admitted his right to contest and joined
issues with him in the contest. It also en
tered a denial to ttie point set up by Judge
Paterson that there had ever been a re
publication of the will of the 21st.
The demurrer to Judge Paterson's con
test is a long document. It was hied by
Lloyd & Wood, as attorneys. It attacked
Judge Paterson's right or capacity to con
test. It was held that, as representing '.he
minor heirs. Judge Paterson has no stand
ing in this matter.
This demurrer will have to be disposed
of before the case can come to trial and
the joined issues of all parlies.
When the case was called by Judge
Siack S. M. Shortridge rose and adaressed
'"In view of thft chance of front or posi
tion of certain parties who have been per
mitted by the court to withdraw their
petition for the probate of the will of Sep
tember 24 and to file an opposition to it I
deem it proper now to inform the court
that Judge Paterson, who represents cer
tain minors alleged to be interested in the
will of Septemuer 21, has filed an amended
opposition to Dr. Levingston's petition for
the probate of the will of September
We have mado answer, and there is now a
clear-cut issue.
"Since the last hearing in this court a
certain petitioner for tlie probate of the
later will has been advised and has seen
I lit to withdraw and hie an opposition to
it. We have made answer in this also on
behalf of our client, Dr. Levingston, and
there is a clear issue here also.
"Mr. Fair, in his opposition, denies the
genuineness of the will, and has filed a
petition asking leave to withdraw his
former petition for probate.
"That petition was, I believe, granted
by your Honor yesterday. I gather my
information froru the newspapers," said
Mr. Shortridge. "I i.aye received no no
tice otherwise of the fact. However, we
nave answered the opposition, declaring
our belief that the will of the 21st is the
last will and testament of James G. Fair.
We are ready for trial on both issues, now
practically one, and we ask that they be
set for trial."
Judge Paterson made objection. He
thought it would never do to go to trial
until some issue had been joined as to all
the parties, as there could not be several
trials of tnis case— all the parties must
combine on one issue.
"All the parties are joined," said Mr.
Shortridge. "They have stated their op
position and we have answered."
"Mrs. Oelrichs and Miss Virginia Fair
have filed a demurrer to my amended con
test of your will,' 1 said Jndee Paterson.
"Indeed. When was it filed?" inquired
Mr. Shortridge.
"This mormn?," said Judge Paterson.
"Ah," exclaimed Mr. Shortridge, "that is
another proceeding of which we have had
no notice."
"Nevertheless it is so," said Judge Pat
erson.
"Then, your Honor, I beg that an early
day may be fixed for an argument," said
Mr. Shortridge. "We are desirous that tnis
matter shall come to trial upon its merits
as speedily as may be."
"I am willing," said Judge Paterson.
Charles S. Wheeler for Mrs. Oelrichs and
Miss Fair said he was ready to go to trial
at any time.
Then George Knight, lor Charles Fair,
rose and said: "Some reference has been
made by Mr. Shortridge to a certain
change of front on the part of a certain
person which I judge to be directed at my
client, Mr. Fair, -who sees fit to come here
in opposition to a will which he once
offered for probate under the impression
that it was genuine.
"I have only to say that this so-called
change of front may uot be so serious as
counsel would suggest. As Mr. Fair's
counsel we have no desire to pose as ob
structionists, interfering with a couple of
philanthropists who seek to shower mil
lions upon Mr. Fair. We are ready for
trial as aoon as* these side issues are
settled."
''Until these are so disposed of i cannot
fix a day for trial," said Judge Slack. He
stated that he would hear the argument
on the demurrer next Friday afternoon at
2 o'clock.
EASTERNERS ON THE BAY.
They Were the Guests of Mr. and Mrs.
K. H. Warneld of the California.
A party composed of the Rochester
(N. V.) four hundred were shown the
beauties of San Francisco Bay on the quar
antine tug Governor Perkins yesterday.
General and Mrs. R. H. Warneld were the
hosts, and the guests were Captain S. J.
Ruddell, Mrs. Bessie Paxton, Mrs. Gilman
Perkins, Miss Carolyn Perkins, Miss Ber
enice Perkins ana Mr. and Mrs. Craig
Powers.
The Union Iron Works were visited and
the baitle-ship Oregon was cone over.
Henry Scott showed the party around,
and they were ail loud in their praise of
the California shipyard. After a run to
Hunters Point drytiock and then along
the Alameda shore, and thence to Fort
Point and back past Lime Point and Sau
salito, the boat was headed through Rac
coon Straits and thence into the quiet
waters of Suisun Bay. There a sumptu
ou^cold luncheon was spread, after par
taking of which the party returned to toe
City.
RESCUED IN TIME.
An Unfortunate Young Woman 111 of
Health Attempts Suicide.
Mrs. Mary Brown, hysterical, broken
down in health as well as sad of heart,
awing to having recently been separated
from her husband, stepped off the ferry
boat Bay City yesterday afternoon on the
latter's2:ls o'clock trip'from Oakland.
A boat was promptly lowered and the
woman was rescued! Alfred Littlewood, a
porter on the vessel, was sent with Mrs.
Brown to the Receiving Hospital, where
she still lies in hysterics.
Mrs. Brown, whose residence is at 2222
Clay street, is a niece of Seth Mann, a
prominent attorney of this City.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Mare Island Tugboat Una
dilla Disabled in Mission
Bay.
Loss of Life on tte Orion During the
Gale That Capsized the
B airmore.
The Mare Island tug UnadOla was again
in trouble yesterday. After landing her
passengers from the Navy-yard at Wash
ington-street wharf she went down to the
Union Iron Works, and incidentally a
visit was paid to the wreck of the filair
more. On the return trip the connecting
red of the machinery broke near the crank
pin and the tug drifted around for half an
hour in a helpless condition.
Finally she drifted close to Mission Rock
ana a line was thrown ashore and the tug,
was safely moored. The captain and offi
cers were taken to the Mail dock by the
Union Iron Works tug Rockaway and
went at once uptown. In the evening the
steamer Sunol, owned by Piper, Aden,
Goodall & Co., took up the freight and
passengers, and it will be at least a week
before the Government boat is ready to
run agairi. It wa.» lucky that the accident
did not happen in Suisnn Bay when the
Unadilla was on her way down, as in that
event the thirty-odd passengers might
have ppent all day aooard before they
were picked up.
The schooner Orion, which arrived from
Grays Harbor yesterday, had a very
rough time of it. She was caught in the
southwester that capsized the Blairmore,
and again and again her decks were
flooded and some of the men were hurt.
At 12:20 p. M. on the 9th inst. in latitude
39 deg. 40 nun. north longitude 125 deg.
25 mi n. west a very heavy sea broke aboard
and John MeEllion was washed away, and
as no assistance could be given he was
drowned. Life buoys and ropes were
thrown to him, but he could not reach
them, and a mountainous sea buried him,
after which he was not seen again. He
was a native of Maine, 28 years of age ami
had been for some tira? a sailor on the
coast.
The Lighthouse Inspectors have issued
the following notice to mariners: Notice
is hereby given that pending repairs to
the fog-signal machinery at Alcatrsz
Island, Cal., the fog bell will not be
sounded in event of ioe on Monday and
Tuesday, April 13 and 14, 1596.
On and after April 15 the signal will
sound its usual characteristics during
tbictc and foggy weather.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company will beg^u running Sun
day steamers on the 27th inst. to and from
Stockton. The Mary Garrett will leave
Stockton at 7 p. m. each Sunday, and at
the same hour the J. D. Peters will leave
San Francisco. In this way the company
hopes to keep the two queen cities of the
Pacific in touch, and incidentally strike a
blow at the Southern Pacific, that now has
a monopoly of the Sunday business.
The steamer Uraatilla arrived from
Puget Sound ports yesterday afternoon,
but the genial face of John J. Campbell
was not seen in the purser's room, as
usual. He has caught the gold fever, and
after securing a three months' leave of ab
sence from the Pacific Coast Bteamship
Company has sailed for Alaska to hunt
"the pot of cold." His place was taken by
M. H. Lambert, the popular purser of the
Corona, who is so well known on the
southern route.
ON TRIAL iOR FORGERY.
Evidence Against <). W. Costa, Dean'a
Partner.
Joe McClusKey, or J. W. Costa, which
he says is his true name, was before Judge
Wallace Thursday, to be tried for raising
the |12 draft on the Woodland Bank.
In his opening statement Assistant
District Attorney Black said he would not
try to prove that McCluskey, or Costa, had
any hand in raising the $1- draft to one
for 122,000, but he would show that lie was
a party to the passing of it, and that he
was in every way an accomplice. He said
he would show that on the morning the
money was drawn from the bank Costa
called at Dean's office and asfced to sec
Dean.
Dean was not in, but on arriving later
said he had seen Costa on the stairs. He
said he would further shsw that Costa was
with Dean when the niot-ey was drawn
from the bank, and that he met him by
agreement in Omaha.
Wuey Lyle, the office-boy who worked
for Dean, was called, but he failed to fully
identify Costa as the man he saw with
Dean. He told how be took Depn to the
bank and then drove him out to the Va
lencia-street station, where he took the
train. He told Lyle he was going to he
away a few days, and to keep the otlice
open as usual.
George Grant of the Nevada Bank and
0. M. 1 homas of the Woodland Bank were
also called to tell of the peculiar transac
tion. The case then went over until Mon
day.
SING THE SAME SONGS
Rights to Authorship of Two
Popular Melodies in
Dispute.
NAMES AND WORDS CHANGED.
"Ma An?eUne," an Imitation cf "Dora
Dean," and "New Eully" Be
loDgtd to May Irwin.
There were two suits filed in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday against the
Zeno Mauvais Music Company for infringe
ment of rights to certain popular songs
which have been successfully sung on the
vaudeville stage. Broder & Schlam of San
Francisco and the White, Smith Music
Company of Boston are the complainants.
The former accuse the Zeno Mauvais Com
pany with republishing "Dora Dean,"
which the plaintiffs copyriehted on Febru
ary 4, 1896, under the name of "Ma Ange
line," and the "White-Smith Company
charge the defendants with publishing
"May Irwin's Bully Song" under the title
of the "New BulJy."
Broder & Schlam declare that "Dora
Dean" was composed by Bert A. Williams
and after the song became popular it was
wrongfully published and circulated for
sale under the name of ''Ma Angeline" by
the defendants to the suit. In an affidavit,
Bert Williama deposes that he is the author
of the scng in question ; that he composed
it while in the employ of Edward Hoiiian;
that he composed the words of the first
verse as well as the music and melody.
Edward Homan, Griffith Wilson, Daniel
Green and Charles Young testified that
they had heard Williams sing the song
and also had heard Charles Sidney O'Brien
•'murder it" under t.e name of "Ma
Angeline."
The plaintiffs ask for $5000 damages and
to have the defendants restrained from
further publications of the production.
The contention over the right to tho pos
session of the song as well as to who the
author really is has created much interest
among the artists of the concert st&ge.
In its complaint against the Zeno-
Mauvais Company the White-Smith Com
pany ask the court for an accounting, as
well as an injunction from further publi
cations of the "New Bully." The affidavit
sets forth that Charles E. Trevathan of
Union City, Term., and a former news
paper reporter of San Francisco, com
posed tne song in dispute, and on Febru
ary 18, lgy(3, sold all his right, title and in
terest to it to Daniel L. White. In support
of the allegations of the complaint Charles
E. Trevathan, who says he composed the
sons; Ferris Hartmah, who says he sang;
it, ana James P. Wilson, Clinton C. Keily
mid tf. G. Morton, who say they heard it
sung, furnish affidavits. Trevathan says
he presented the "New Bully" song to
May Irwin, and that after some changes
she adapted it to "The Widow Jones" and
rendered it with great success.
HONOR IN YOUTH.
President Martin Kellogg'g Address at
the Girls' High School.
President Martin Kellogg of tne State
University addressed a large audience of
young people last night in the big audi
torium of the Girls' High School.
It was one of a series of lectures ar
ranged by the Board of Education, and
the programme of the evening was unique,
because it included the first public ap
pearance of the Girls' High fccbool'chorus
of 150 voices. In addition to lour choruses
under the direction of Mr?, yon Meyerick,
there was a vocal trio consisting of Misses
Hewitt, Boston and Green and a solo by
Miss Florence Boston.
The theme of the lecture was the incul
cation of honor in the minds of the young.
He closed with an exhortation to his audi
tors to look to their own possibilities; to
ttio possibilities of naturally favored San
Francisco, and to the possibilities of Cali
fornia, the future of which dspend* in a
large measure upon the honor and man
hood of the youth that are to make its
citizens.
The next lecture will be by Professor E.
W. Griggs of the department of ethics at
Stanford University, and will be given
Friday, May 1. Next Friday, the 17tn,
the girls of the high school wjl! prestnl a
French comedy.
The Valley Road Across the Tuoluinne.
Another important step in the progress of
the Valley road was made yesterday when the
track was laid across the Tuolumne River
bridge. From here to Merced, a distance of
about twenty miles, the rails will be la>4 m
the rate of a mile a day. All this has already
been graded, so that Merced will be reached
inside cf three weeks. Here the work of track
laving will have lo await the completion of the
bridge across the Merced River.
£j MEW 1 TO-DAY.
FREE ~~
CREAM
CHOCOLATE
A Package Given Each Customer FREE
WitH Our
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES,
SPICES.
Our 80c Teas.,. Cost 75c elsewhere
Our 40c Teas'... ......Cost 6oc elsewhere
Our 35c Teas Cost 50c elsewhere
Our 30c Teas ................ Cost 40c elsewhere
Our 25c Teas Cost 3sc elsewhere
Our 200 Teas Cost 30c elsewhere
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American Importina Tea Co. 's
1344 Market St.. S. P.
-"•* — 965 Market St., S. p.
KlC^mai^i 140 sixth St., S. F.
rwHMßrr O>7 Kearny St., S. P.
iJtJ" 1419 Polk st., 5. F.
82 1 Montgomery aye., 8. P.
liniiru ' 333 Hayes St., 5. P.
MUnCf" Mo Ninth •«•'• s - p -
lllUllt.l 218 Third St., 5 P.
C All lain 20<1 * FHlmore St., S. P.
SAVINu 2510 Mission St., 5. P.
T nnllM 3006 Sixteenth st,, S. P.
ornnro 104 second st.. S. P.
STUntS : 325 ° Mission St., 5. P.
V ■ UUkV ■ fi2 Market tVf s> Pm
■-. *— — 917 Broadway, Oakland.
cSC^BEk 1053 Washington st., Oak'd.
IJaM^K? 131 San Pablo aye., Cakl'd,
IBB^^^^ 616 E. Twelfth st, Oakland.
1355 Park st., Alameda. - '
TRT OUR
Money-Savins: Prices) - AA i_
at our } lIIiIa 18 .
Money-Savins Stores) * v " Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
HO SPECIAL DAY.
.O-/.-*S NEW TO-DAY— GOODS. !
r^®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®®®®(sxsxs)®®®®®^
ON SALE THIS MORNING! |
H During this morning only— none to be had after the noon I
® hour. ; There likely won't be any left, but if perchance there |
*(> should be, they'll be put back into stock at regular prices. i
I. Early rising is considered very beneficial to the health ; we I
| are trying to show that EARLY TRADING is beneficial to the |
1 pocket. Attend one of our morning sales and see. You can't |
H get such bargains any place else and not even with us except ;
I at these morning sales. " |
i ■ ; ■ ■*Xs\-^®^._ I
I SILK STRIPED WASH FAB- LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. 1 I
® RICS, 18c a Yard. $6.00 Each. |
% They were worked in stock from A manufacturer's sample line of %
<f) 50c to 25c a yard— different grades high-grade Separate Dress Skirts, <£
® of eoods ana a nice variety of col- inclnding Black Dnchesse, Satin, «
@ ors.' Silk- striped Honeycombs. Pekin Striped, Silk. Plain Bril- ft
$ Silk Pay me*. Silk Zephyrs and liantines. Figured Alpacas, Black g
& Silk-striped Challies— all at 18c a Brocaded Diagonals. Black and S
® yard, during the sale. Navy Boucles, Crepons and Serges S
® —most of them lined with rustle (g
© #-it)Dr»rr Tin>»cmrTTPC percaline and bound with vel- €
® CARRIAGE PARASOLETTES, vetpen, and all cut in the new full, «,
35c Each. flaring shape. ONLY ONE Of A %
Ja A bargain worth getting Tin at 6 KIND — and about twenty of them |
I . o'clock in the morning for. Full alto tbe V o^ early callers will |
§ size, steel ■ ribs, made of black have the choice^ i»
S gloria and mounted on ebonized /v T Tr»Tr.TTi <k
| sticks, with loop or ball handles. EAU DE QUININE. |
® Don't miss these. 45c a Bottle, &
3| .v The most invigorating, . and re- %
! * MISSES' COMBINATION SUITS freshing hair tonic known, deli- g
i ® en it v. cately perfumed. Large, eight* «
I® & " c *< ac ounce glass-stoppered bottles. «
® A line we are closing out. Pure g
@ wool garments, in white only. All LADIES' SAILOR HATS, %
jg sizes. Were $2 apiece. 29c Each. »
W — — The latest KNOX shapes in white, 1
S FANCY WAIST SILKS, black : and navy smooth %
* qb» Q Va-j straws— one trimmed with a «
m a iaru. ribbon band and bow. All sizes. S
(2 A splendid collection of Indias> Buy them now and lay them away. ®
® Taffetas and Glaces, in set fieures- The saving will pay good interest ®
® . woven checks, spotted effects. on the investment. ©
® Orientals and Dresdens. All col" ®
0 . ors and combinations of colors, in GENTS' LISLE SOCKS. »
« light, medium and dark shades. $1 15 a Box '<»
fa Among them are the tail ends of . , ,o _ , , * _ ,* «
| ma ny 75c and Gsc lines-all to go A *> oa t 25. Sozen °' t h em. • Tan col- |
1 at 35c a yard daring this sale. orß in Henreich .^hopper's eu- S
S ■,-.* _ " perior goods. Half a dozen pairs ®
I SUEDE KID GLOVES, jSc^pair^orflloVbox. 00 ' PT Cc ®
® A ... ,- 63 ° a ** a ! I*'1 *' FANCY DRESS~GOODS, I
® A magnificent quality, in shades - _ V orH ®
$ of tans, modes, fawns and browns. ■ _ A , IOC a x ara * @
x■• ■ ' silk-embroidered backs, finished We have taken all the small lots @
S with fancy wettings and four large remaining from regular 25c and 35c y
5 * pearl buttons. A dollar value at . lines of Spring Fancies and grouped jg
® time. A special leader at 75c them together for this sale at 15c a $
® with us. but we will sell a limited yard. They include stripes, checks, ®
® quantity up to noon at 65c. All mottles, plaid", cheviots and other ®
6 sizes. styles, and embrace all the favor- ©
j§ ite street shades. g
I LADIES' JACKETS AND LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISE, I
| • CAPES, $3.95 Each. 33c Each. |
® Just the right shade of tan color All made of heavy, firm Fruit of $
S and the proper weight for spring the Loom Muslin, trimmed in dif- S
» and summer wear. Made of Eng- ferent ways with tucks, insertions, ®
$) lish Melton cloth. Both have vel- laces, embroideries and ruffles. ®
® vet collars. Regular values at 75c and 60c each. ®
® ®
- _ • _
** • * Props? & Hojxec^
nAir.no at> raAVEtJ
Bro-EEDUOTIOIV IN RATES BY RAIL
....TO *
POnTIiAJiTD, on.
MONDAY... ..APRIL 13,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co. Ferry landing foot
of Market a-, at 8:00 P. M.
A[ Aft— Including Berth in Puiimaa Tojrlit
WUiUU deeper.
....ALSO.... •
First-class tickets, including berth In flJlA.Ofl
Pullman Standard Sleeper, *!?-»-" — •
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on p%*
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor wiU UolcststM
sold or baggage checked to such points.
I*B- Throngh Tickets for Paget Sound
point* on Sale at Reduced times.
For further Information apply at
613 MARKET STXtEET (Grand Hot*
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAX,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. A.%t
NOITIU.HX l'A< IFIC CO3VPAJNV.
Inarm mm.] ■
Trnln* lenvc mid nr« <lno to nrrlve at
KAN lIUJiIHCO.
leavk — Fkom March" 28. 1806. — ABniva
?:OOa Atlantic lixpreM, Og<len and Kast.. «:*3p
7:00 a lieniciA, Vacaville. Kuir.scy. Sacra-
mento, and Itcdd:c3 Tia Davis.... 7:1 3r
7:00 a Martinez. San llamon, >'apa, Calls-
toga and .Santa Rosa  6:13r
S:UOa Kites, .San JOM, .Stoclitnii, lone, .
Sacramento, Marysvilli 1 , l!e«l liluft
an.l Sundays excepted 0r0»i11e.... i:lsi>
■B;3oa Peters and Milton ~T;ISr
9:uoa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.on Angeles 4i43p
OtOOA Martinez and Stockton V 0:13 a
9:0Oa VaUtjo O«15r
liOOf Kites, San Jose and Livermore 8:43.v
*l:OOp Sacramento Elver Steamers.....;... *«:OOp
)l:30p Port Costa and Way Stations........ t?:43p
4;O<»r Martinez, Han l&moii. Yallejo. -
Napa, Calistoga, El Vcrano and
Santa Rosa .....' - Oils*
4iOOp Benicia, Esparto, ■ Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville'
Orurillo and Sacramento 10i45a
4i3op Kilos, San Jose, Livertnore and
Stockton 7il»p
4:30p Merced, • Berendj. Raymond (for
:.-■ Yof emit* ) and Fresno 11i45a
SiOOf New Orleans I .irr.-r 3. rrcmio. Bakers-
field, Santa lUrb.tra.ljns Angeles.
Demlnc, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 1O:1Ba
BiOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Kxpress
. for Mojave and Last. 10:13 a
8:00p Vallejo :. 11:45 a
G:O«i Kuropcan Mall, O^den and l:-ut.... 0:49 a
6:OOl> Ilnywarilit, Js'jlm and Sau Jose 7:*sa
}7:UOi> Vallcjo t?«43p
7tOOp Oregon Kxpwss, Sacramento, Marys- : .t: • ..'"-
villo, RolJlng, Portland, Pnget
Sound and Kant 10:4SA
«Ilot©3> "Sunse* Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.cs, El Paso, New Orleans
andKart. t»»t4gp
SAXTA <IM / DIVISION (Sarroir <iangC).
. |7<4Sa Santa Cruz Lzrursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ' JBtOsp
• tI»A Kuwitik.Ceiitervillo.Siiu.ioso.X'clton,
■— ■-. Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations... '....... 5«3«p
•»:l."Jp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Now
Alr.:;ul'-ii, Fclton, Iloulder Creek,
Hauttt Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "1 1 :30a
4:l!tp Newark Snn .lone and l.oa ({nton.... U:3oa
COAST IU VISION (Third I omisoml Ms.)
Ot4&A San Joso ami Way bullions (New
Almailcu Wednesdays only).. .'.... It43p
•:15a San .lose, V*9* l'iuos, Santa Cnia, S*
l'scilic (iionv Paso Roblcs, San . .
J,nin Ul.isj.o, Guadalui>e and l v riu-
cliial Way Stations .............. 7K>!ip
IO:4Oa S»ii .1o«u and Wny 5tati0n5......... .">:()(>
I1:1oa Pain Alto nii'l Way Statiou3..... . 3:«ioi-
*3i3Or .San .lo^c, Gilrr-y, Tres Piuos, i ta
Crux, Salinas, Monterey anil Pacfilc
Grove ....;. >1O:4Oa
*3::iop San Jose anil Principal Way Stations !>;4?a
•4:3Oi> San Jose ami Way SUtioni " *8:OOa
5:301- San .li.bo anil Way Stations...,;. *8-iBA
' fl:»Oi- San Jose nn.i Way Stations...:..... «j : :i3 v
tll:4si' San an.l Way Stations... .. t7:4*lp
' HAN I.KAMIKO ASH HAVWAUUS LUVAL.'-
-'6:ooa I ~~~ — 77J5A
R:OOa .1.-.A
IS.'SSt Melro«,S«miii^P.rk, £?& 1 X
"llSop Fitehbarg,B.nLeandr» . »*"
VToIV aad" 4J45P
%$£ H.rw.rd», «jjg
. 7:<>Op . . B:JSP
O-OOp if ™« through to Ntlcs. 1 l'^.
ItH:lsp; tFromNUei. , [ t»18:OOp
, CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS RISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3-CO
•1:00 t5:00 - »e:3oP.>l. :- •
From OiEUHD— of Brudwtj.— -- ; *6:00 - . 8-00
10:00*.M. $12:00 *l:00 (2:00 . «3:00 . tlicO
*3;Qopj>.: . - .' : .■: ;-
- A for Morning. P tot Afternoon. „ .
* Sundays exeepted. ; ■; . ■ 1 Saturdays only.
• Sundays only. . TTnesdiysonly.- , - -
ft Mood»y. Thursday and FatnrOay nights only. - ?
! HiItHOAO TRAVBXJ
SMFRA&CISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
' WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. If • 13-XS.
3:30 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday Ma
; Hl\f? 3 J- *■ Saturdays-Extra trips at I^s
BD^ 6^ol ; V :3o> 11:0 ° AU - : 1:3 3sB *
o.uu, o.JO p. v.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:30, 9:10, 11 10 a w,
afi^P.^a^^^-p^"^-^-^
8r 6 D oo,^i-5P. 35 M. 9:j£l U:l6 *' : I:4 °- 3: **
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park uma
schedule as above. ■■m*
■ San Frisco. |° effect B>n Arrive^
SIS SSLI^S
7:30 am 7:30 AM| Xovato, 10:40 au 840 am
S:3opm*9:3oam Petaluma. 6:OS pk loliOail
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_„„ ~ Pulton, . v .- . .
7:30 am Windsor,. V 10:10 am
Healdsnur*. \ *"
i"»« _ » Geyserville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
j Pleta, ~ ~~~
..« Hopland & ,
j 7:30 am 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:18 nt
7:30 am ' : ' 10-iQ am
i7:3oAMiGu«rnevUle, 7:30 pm <i " AJ>
i 8:80 ra i 6:15 th
7 :30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm bSißpm
Glen Ellen.
P o,.|XO;gOAK | 10:10A5
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers ■ "
j Stages connect at Vkiah for Vichy Sprlnw, Bin*
Ijakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, BooneviiiMJiSiHJ
wood, MendoclnoClty. Fort Brag?, Usal, We«;port
Cahto, WUietts. Calpella, Porno. Potter Valley,loaa
i^EnwSf^" 1 GrmVeUy Vfclleyi Harrl * S ™*
mes. Urday to Monday round-trip tickets at redact*
: n r^n d S?aira?»^ ct * » « »«»«• «-
ZSISS^H
Q«n. Manager. Gen. Pajl^ni.
Trains leave from and arriva JR^£*~£f£vs&,
at ilarket-Stretsi, ferry. if^^^^uTEl
SANTA FE EXPRfcSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lin*
Leaves every day at 5 P. m., carrying Pull man
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chlcas*
via Kansas City without change. Annex car* for
Denver and Si. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-car*
under Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dinlng-rotm or dialog-
can.
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
I Cbrtmivlff BiiildJuf .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
! I*^ : ■ « • (Via Sausalito Ferry).
1 Jnrom Saa Francisco, i-omnv n ing March 29. IMS.
; " •"■**; WEEKDAYS-
! »9 fsVlß^lwi San Hafael-T:cO. . 8 ; 0 O
\ E u^^sir u^ri^ n P M i nd^ WfdW
li 00 a v ; P*■ &tritt * w B»na*iito«
I T ; al M S d^n d nrß,o D Mi?, V^e? BeaUn - " 13lS °
I THROUOH TRAIXB.
» .00 a. v. *sundßy»-p oim Beyes ana ay a^JEa*A SUCCESSFUL SPECTACLE
Six Thousand People Witness
League of the Cross Cadets
Drill.
AN EXCITING COMPETITION.
Company G Wins the Moi:t ornery
Trophy— Sergeant Dixon Captures
the Individual Prize.
The young soldiers of the League of the
Cross were cheered by GOOO enthusiastic
people at the Mechanics' ravilion last
night. It was the annual competitive
drill of the cadets for the Montgomery
trophy, and the occasion was marked with
brilliancy of color and effort. The dieni
taries of the church in somber garments
and the oflicers of the United States army
and State militia in gorgeous uniforms,
men prominent in all pursuit? of daily life
and women fashionably gowned — all were
there and applauded the efforts of the
_• soldiers of the cross and the country.
When the regiment of eight companies
marched out on the floor of the Pavilion,
headed by the Presidio hand and passed in
review before the reviewing stand, which
was occupied by General Tiraham and staff
iuui General Vi'arfield and staff, the vast
audience gave expression to its admiration
in frequent outbursts of applause. The
boys presented a line front and marched
as one man.
The band stand collapsed during the
evening. It was overcrowded with people
inchiding many women. Fortunately no
one was injured.
Th.^ judges were: Captain Thorp Reillv
and Lieutenant Miley of the Fifth Artil
lery. U. 8. A.
Oon.pany G of St. Bridget's parish, Cap
tain E. J. Power, and Lieutenants Owen
Mclfabon and James Scanlan in com
mand, was the first to march on the iield.
It was loudly cheered. The company
opened ranks betore the reviewing stand
ana was inspected by the judges. Then
Jhe company executed the fallowing move
ments :
la. Fours, right: lb. on right into line; 2,
left oblique; 3. right oblioae; 4. left front into
line, doable time; 5, backward stop; 6. right
by platoons; 7, platoons, left front into line,
double time.
Company A of St. Mary's Cathedral par
i;-h, Captain Fran It A. "Urady and Lieu
tenants Wiiliam C. Hopper* and R. G.
I)rady, were enthusiastically received by
their friend*. They went through the
same movements as the preceding com
pany.
Company C of St. Patrick's parish. Cap
tain Edward Fitzgerald and Lieutenants
I>avid Barry and C. Regan, holding the
medal from the competition of a year a^o,
was loudly cheered when the boys entered
the competitive arena. They presented a
splendid front and their * bearing was
favorably commented upon. The move
ments were similar to the other companies
with a few extra nourishes original with
the commander.
Company I of St. Peter's parish, Captain
Peter Haggertv and Lieutenants Thomas
Marlowe and Charles Skelly. and Company
II of St. Brendan's parish, Captain Joseph
Power and Lieutenants Louis E. Healey
and J. Regan, al>o entered the competi
tion. Ail the companies made an excel
lent showing and the jud. es were obliged
to carefully scrutinize every movement in
order to form an accurate decision as to
which were the most skill faL
The trophy was awarded to Company G
of t>t. Bridget.'* parish. Quartermaster-
Sergeai.t William Dixono! (I. St. Bridget's
i ariah, won tne individual non-comrais
bioned officer's medal.
Archbishop Riordan made the presenta
tion in a brief speech. The reception com
mittee of Ignauan Council, No. 35, Y. M. 1.,
which presented an American standard of
colors to the regiment, consisted of ex-
Jud^e Sullivan, Frank McGlynn, Phil J.
Dwyer, A. B. Smith, Charles E. L. Hilde
brecht, T. H. Cosgrove, H. J. McGinnis
and Dr. J. F. McCone. A regimental
standard, a milk-white Hag with gold
fringe and bearing the arms of the League
of the Cross, was also presented to the
regiment. Judge Sullivan made an elo
quent speech in presenting the colors,
beid he:
The fraternal organization for which I speak
Is made ut> of American Catholics whose
adopted motto is "Pro Deo, Pro Patria— for
God and for country." Loyal to . faith
ana fatherland it has never been ashamed
of its faith and it has at .ill times en
deavored to intensify a feeling of loyalty to
ward this, our native land, wherein conscience
eqaliy with property and person i» to be held
forever and sacredly inviolate.
We recognize in you a kindred organiza
tion—one aiming to elevate the standard of
Catholic manhood and American citizenship.
We note that you set a peculiarly high stnnd
erd for your conduct. Appreciating the ad
vantages of temperance in the development of
manly men and in the conservation of the
better forces of your nature, you have offered
the choice first fruits of your young manhood
as a willing sacrifice on the altar of God and
country. Your League of the Cross, with its
7000 members pledged to the cause of tem
perance, is an evidence of your desire to im
prove and advance yourselves and the com
munity in which you live, and at the same
time an evidence of the untiring energy and
real displayed through all the ages in the
cause of human kind by the grand old Catho
lic church.
The Accomplishment of our common destiny
depends on the virtue of our citizens. Each
citizen is a sovereign ruler in the guidance of
tne Nation's energies. Each one adds an item
to the intelligence, the virtue and the strength
of the Nation, contributing tne atom of his in
dividuality to the vast total of the Nation's
jower and greatness. For that reason the in
tellectual and moral standing of the citizen
sovereign should be advanced. For that rea
son his loyalty to his country should be in ten-
Biried. Republican institutions in the hands
of a virtuous and God-fearing nation are the
very best in the world, but in the hands of a
corrupt and irreligious people they are the
very worst and the most effective weapons of
tyranny.
Sensible that you are building up the vir
tuous character and developing the patriotic
ardor of your members, Ignatian Council bids
me to present through your colonel to the
regiment a stand of colors. Accept them as a
deserved tokeu of appreciation and regard.
Accept these National colors as an emblem of
a proud, consolidated, undying nationality
Render to that flag the supremest loyalty bi
love Hud sacrifice.
On your j art let no act of cowardice or
treachery, no lack of civic virtue tend to Its
degradation.
Lei no unholy hand profane its folds, no
impious tongue revile it. See to it that each
Biar set in its azure firmament holds its ap
pointed place, that it may continue to shed
through the ages to come the bright effulgence
of a fixed sun and not dart oft' on an erratic
course with the passing splendor of a meteor
Into the realms of destruction and of chaos.
You are, as I have said, !>olaiers of peace.
Your function is to build up a sense of di
cipline and a spirit of lionest pride in your or
ganization. But if by evil chance— which Gdd
forbid— at the bidding of a foreign or domestic
foe the sulphury sirocco of war i-hould send its
blighting blast athwart our glorious Nation or
commonwealths, let me lee! assured that
r-inosg your ranks are those who would be
found where the battle rages fiercest and
where daring deeds are done.
.Tiidee Puiiivan noted the presence of the
Archbishop, Bishop Montgomery, Father
\orkej ami at the mention of these names
there >va« loud ai.plause.
Colonel Mahoney made a brief response
on receiring the colors. He said that the
l.ea-ue of the Cross Cadets appreciated
the honor conferred on them by ti.e pres
ence of General Graham and «ta"ff, General
\\ arfield, Adjutant-General Barry and the
officers of the National Guard.
The ceremony closed with the saluting
of the colors, the band played the "Star
spangled Banner" and the regiment. Colo
nel Sullivan of the N. G. C. and military
instructor of the Cadeta in command, then
passed in review. Ihe scene was a bril
liant one and provoked the meat multitude
to applause and cheers.
No Illiterate Voters in Mississippi.
"The new constitution of Mississippi,
which eliminates the illiterate voter, is
vindicating the wisdom of its framers,"
said Hon. Frank Johnson, ex-Attorney-
General of thnt State. "Under its opera
tion there is no disoriminatioo, and the
ignorant white man and the ignorant
black man are treated exactly alike. It is
the best law that our State" could lave
had. for it settles a vexed question on a
just and sensible basis, and rids us of the
manifold evils that formerly disturbed the
tnmquility antl security of our people. I
have no doubt that a majority of the citi
zens of Mississippi would prefer to lose
half of the representation they now lave
in Congress rather than to return to the
old system of unoualitied suffrage."—
V. ashington Post.
ANOTHER PHCENIX.
Ex- Assemblyman Bretz Create* a Re
form Movement— The Tele
phone.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cam.,)
908 Broadway, April 10. j
Ex-Assemblyman Bretz declares that
populism in Alameda County has left its
first love and he started out this afternoon
to bring it back to its former loyalty to the
Omaha platform.
Some months aero Mr. Bretz started out
on a similar campaign and for a tin?e
everything went smoothly. lie took an
interest in a weekly paper called Industry
and for several weeks the organ of reform
appeared with the name of Bretz as editor
and chief reformer. Somehow or other,
just how Mr. Bretz does not explain, the
editor was frozen out a few weeks ago,
aiv.i although the paper is still published
Mr. Bretz has nothing to do with it.
According to his statement the great
public enemies, the National hanks and
the corporations, have absorbed Industry,
and because they could not absorb him
Editor Bretz left.
His successor did not approve of Mr.
Bretz's reforms and from occupying a prom
inent positional the head of the editorial
column, A. A. Bretz received considerable
attention further down. This displeased
Mr. Bretz, but as he could not get Ins ideas
before the public any other way, he has
been forced to open another campaign ol
allegiance and reform and to establish an
other newspaper.
He opened his batteries to-night, and
the tall, well-known form of the man who
was once a memberof the Legislature, was
seen disposing of newspapers on Broad
way. His newspaper is called the Tele
phone, and is a pretentious sheet of eight
well-tilled pages.
The motto for the paper ia "The Cause
and Cure for Hard Tiroes,' 1 and Mr. Bretz
will try to have it officially recognized as
the organ of the latest reform wing of the
People's party.
GEMS OF PROGRAMMES
Something Uirque in a Printed
Itinerary for Excur
sionists.
Ca'ifornians' Greeting to the Hotel
Ken of the East New Herd-
in; Westward.
That the advent of the members of the
Hotel Men's Benefit Association of the
United States is to be no ordinary occa
sion is indicated in the magnificent pro
grammes that have been issued, giving the
itinerary of the excursionists during their
sixteen days' sojourn in the State as the
guests of the Southern California and Cali
fornia Hotel associations.
One thousand of these programmes
have been issued at a cost of $2000. They
are in book form, 6 by 4 inches, and con
sist of some forty odd gilt-edge pages,
handsomely and profusely illustrated by
tinted and vari-colored half tones. The
first two pages are covered with a hand
painted map, showing all the points that
are included in the itinerary. These are
brought out sharply by appropriate minia
ture sketches in color.
The town of Orange is represented by
the fruit of that name in its natural color,
San Jose is represented by groves of
verdant orchards, Monterey shows the
Del Monte Hotel, Coronado the famous
beach, Big Trees tali and spreading se
quoias; so through the whole list of Cali
fornia's most prominent and pleasant
places.
The cover is of leather, with the hand
worked design of an escnsholtzia and its
leaves on the front and a design - like
basket-weaving on the Lack.
The first of the excursionists left New
York and Boston yesterday and another
party will leave Chicago to-day. The total
number of visitors who are coining is about
325.
They will be met at Barstow by commit
tees from the two hotei associations of this
State on the 13th, end then until the 29th,
when the}' depart for home from San Fran
cisco, their stay will be made one round oi
pleasure.
All the gentlemen members of the visit
ing parties will wear a button bearing the
insignia of tise association on a bear, while
the ladies will display pins with the Cali
fornia poppy enameled on it in its natural
color.
Following is the greeting of the local
hotel men to their Eastern brethren, in
scribed In the opening pages of the pro
gramme:
California greets you with fruit and flowers,
music and dancing. California stands ready
to gladly welcome the members of the Hotel
Men's Mutual Benefit Association on the occa
sion of their annual meeting .for 1896. We
have no latchstring to hang on the outside of
our doors for you. In our "Land of the Sun
down Sea" our doors, even as our hearts, are
wide open, and we bid you enter and take full
possession.
Come and enjoy our land of poetry, romance
and song, of birds, buds and blossoms, where
nature smiles ah the year round and the
mocking-bird sings in the orange groves and
bids you welcome.
Come and see our majestic mountains, ver
dant valleys, sun-kissed ocean, our Spanish
tournaments, orange festivals, . flower carni
vals and California fiestas. They are all for
you, your wives, daughters, and sweethearts.
Come and you shall realize to the full the
meaning of the term "California hospitality,"
for we are determined That you shall have a
royal good time and return to your respective
homes glad that you came.
Ravages of Abninthe.
Mr. Rochefoit's recent advocacy of tem
perance has directed attention to the con
sumption of absinthe in France, and some
startling statements in connection there
with are being made. Men as a rule take
the absinthe diluted in water, sipping it
•Jowly, but the women, to the consterna
tion of the doctors, insist as a rule on
drinking it "neat," with most terrible re
sults to their constitutions. The number
of brilliunt men whom France has Jost
through the abuse of the opalescent but
poisonous fluid, from the great poet Alfred
de Mussei, who used to be picked up drunk
and half dead every night in the streets,
down to the celebrated artist and carica
turist, Andre Gill, is simply appalling. An
idea of the extent of the evil may be trath
erea from the recent returns of the Minis
try of Finance, which show that at the
present moment there is a marchnnd de
yin, or French absinthe seller, to every
three houses in the French metropolis. —
Westminster Gazette.
Most grasshoppers have their ears in the
middle of the body.
S:» ■•«•«! from Destruction.
This is wbai happens when the kidneys are
rescued from inactivity by Hostetter's stomach
Bitters. If they continue Inactive they are threat-
ened with Br!;ht's disease, diabetes or some other
iiiHiail y which works their destruction. Malarial,
bilious and rheumatic ailment and dyspepsia are
also conquered by the Bittera, whlco Is thorough
and effective.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 189 C.
MADE A GREAT STAKE.
C. P. Dickinson Returns Home
From Perth With a Round
Million.
WAS FOEMERLY A UTAH MINER
His Story of the Activity in the
Several Camps From Freemantle
to Coolgardie.
C. P. Dickinson, formerly of Jackson,
Mich., who for some time was engaged in
mining in Utah, Idaho and Montana, and
who since 1887 has been at Perth, Murchi
son and Coolgardie, West Australia, is at
the Occidental.
He is a large owner in the New Chum
and Nortb New Chum, in the Murchison
district, the former of which paid dividends
C. P. Dickinson, the Erstwhile Miner of Utah, Now Here, Who Is Said to Have
(ill ;ined a Cool Million in West Australia.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
of $500,000 last year. The two mines have
lately been consolidated, and British capi
tal has become interested in the consoli
dation.
Mr. Dickinson is the owner of properties
elsewhere in West Australia. He is now
en route to England in reference to the
placing of an enormous gold property on
the London market.
He is referred to as a millionaire, and as
an American, liable to be worth many
more millions.
Mr. Dickinson is an interesting talker.
He has great faith in the mines of the
Coolgardie country, but says the forma
tions are so different from what they arc
in California, or in any of the States or
Territories here, where he previously
mined, thnt no comparisons can be
made. The formations are principally
slate, granite and dyerite.
"As for the camps," .=aid Mr. Dickinson,
"they are very lively, but they differ a
pood deal from the mining camps here.
The liquor business is so regulated that
none of the disastrous results ensue that
are characteristic of the wild camps here,
i here are no dancehouses, either. The
camps are well envernel and life is safe.
"1 went out in 1887 wit i the late \V. 11.
Pation to Broken Hill to do some concen
trating, and eventually went to Perth and
the other camps. 'It is a wonderful gold
country. The formation is unlike any
thing here, and the conditions are entirely
different. Sometimes gold is found right
on the top of the ground, the same as if
you were to toss a $20 piece down here.
"The deepest shafts there now are
scarcely down 400 feet. Bailey's Reward,
at Coolsardie, is the deepest, I believe',
and I think it is abont down to that
depth. The Great Bonider mine at Cool
gardie is turning out about 4000 ounces of
gold a month. The average amount for
that camp for the past year has been about
20,000 ounces a month.
"The Murchison district has been pro
cduing about 7000 ounces a month. Ihe
various mines in which English capitalists
are interested are represented by from
£20,000,000 to £25,000,000 of stock. Great
Boulder shares which were of £1 value at
par, are now worth £8, or $40 a share. *
"Perth, which I call my home, though I
am interested in the camp, is nine miles
from the port of Freemantle. It has from
22,000 to 25,000 population, some of it be
ing floating. Murchison, which is north
west of Perth about 1500 niiles, has about
1500 people, and Coolgardie has about 25,
--000. It is north and a little east of Perth
and about 400 miles distant."
Mr. Dickinson is anxious to see Cripple
Creek, about which he has heard. Ho will
see it after a few days here, and may also
spend a little time in Utah and other
places from which he hits so loii£ been ab
sent.
WHERE DO DIRECTORIES GO ?
Apparently They Vanish Into Space
When Their Day la Done.
"What becomes of oIJ directories? is a
question that 1 have a&e.i myself many
time?," said an official of* the postoffice to
a Mail and Express reporter recently. "I
have tried many times to solve the ques
tion, but it is not as easy as it looks. lam
aware, of course, that a number of the
ancient directories go to the drugstores to
deceive the public that may enter in the
hope of consulting a new edition of the
annual, and it ie just as hard to get a new
directory in the average pharmacy as it is
to rind the same useful work in the aver
age telegraph office. I know some big
houses in this city that have used the same
guide to the addresses of residents for the
last five years, and they have not tired of
it yet.
'Many of the large corporations send
their old annual to out-of-town branch
offices when the new one comes around.
This is especially so of railroad com
panies. I dare say many private firms
would purchase old directories at a low
price if they could pet their, but they are
not as obtainable as one would suppose.
In all my experience I have never seen an
old New York City or Brooklyn directory
for sale on the second-hand bookstands.
Strange, is it not? They may be exposed
for sale for a!l that, but they must be gob
bled up so scon after being deposited on
the stall that few see them.
"I have heard that an uptown book
agent makes a business of buying up
antiquated directories, and have tried to
locate him more for curiosity than any
thing else, but thus far have failed to find
him.
"I know personally of a Wall-street law
yer who a few years ago paid $250 for a
city directory of 18(52. He wanted to put
it in evidence as proof of the existence of a
certain firm whose heirs he represented.
He won the case, and the directory is now
one of the heirlooms of his office."
ROMANCE OF A FRENCH SOLDIER.
Deserted Twice for Love of a Woman.
Twice Repented and Surrendered.
The story of a French soldier named
Massiault, recently acquitted by the court
martial of Montpellier, reads lttle like a
romance.
Young Massiault enlisted in 1882 in the
Ninety-first Regiment of infantry at
Mezieres. He proved an excellent soldier
and was promoted successively to the
grades of corporal, sergeant, sergeant
major and adjutant. In 1888 he was a
pupil in the Administration school, and
was on the point of being ag3in pro
moted when he made the acquaintance of
a youns; woman, with whom he fell des
perately in love. To the astonishment of
all. he dei-erted and ran away with her to
Belgium. A few months later lie returned
to Mezieres and gave himself up. He was
tried by court-martial, sentenced to four
years' hard labor and to be reduced to the
ranks on the expiration of his term of
punishment. Under the amnesty law of
1859 he was released and was incorporated
in the One Hundredth Regiment, garri
soned at Xarbonne. The military authori
ties doubtless imagined that by sending
him to the other end of France they
would place him out of the reach of the
influence of the beauty that bewitched
him.
I But in this they were mistaken. She
: found oat where lie was, and soon she ar
rived atNarbonne. Once more he deserted
j and went with her, this time to Spain.
; This second desertion was aggravated by
: the fact that he carried off his uniform
and arms.
Not daring to return to France, he led a
miserable life in Spain for eighteen
I months, but at last he could not stand it
'■■ any longer, so he returned to Marseilles,
where he entered the service of the Foreign
Legion for live years under the false name
of Stock. He was sent off to Tonquin,
j where- once more he proved himself to be
; a good soldier, and rapidly regained the
j galons of corporal, sergeant and sergeant
major.
* But the recollection of his desertion
weighed upon his mind and his false name
troubled him. Moreover, for seven years
j he had not seen his parents. He became
I homesick and longed to visit his native
| place in the Ardennes. His term of ser
vice being about to expire he went to the
colonel and (old him who was. He was
■ sent back to Narbonne and thence to
I Montpellier. where once more he appeared
j before the court-martial. He was tried
and acquitted on account of hit* good
record, and the soldiers and spectators
who were present at the trial cheered Him.
But he had to be again reduced to the
ranks, because Sergeant-Major, Stock no
longer existed in the French army. At
the present time his friends and admirers
are making energetic efforts with a view
of getting him restored to his former
rank.— Courier dcs Etats Unis.
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Tliroiisliout the Land.
Following is a summary of the principal
sermons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergy
men, priest?, prelates, religious teachers
and professors of the Christian faith. Io
every instance the full text has been care
fully read and abbreviated.
MAN.
Man is the child of promise, the heir of the
ages and the heir-apparent or the divine glory.
—Rev. C. L. Thompson, Presbyterian, New York
City.
UNITARIANIBM.
Unitorianism is not so much a creed as a
rational hope and faith. It believes more in
character than in dogma.— Rev. O.J. Eairchild
Unitariun, Spokane, Wash.
PHILANTHROPY .
Let business men remember their less favored
brothers, as Peanoiiy and Carnegie and Lick
and Stanford have done. Every one oweß
much to the other man.— Rev. C. E. Locke
Methodist, Portland, Or.
HOMK.
If our girls spent as much time in making
cages to Keep tiie birds as they do in making
nets to catch them we would have better
homes.— Rev. A. J. Harris, Baptist, Fort VVorta
Tex.
Jt'STICE.
Justice and greed are eternal enemies.
Selfishness is the greatest obstacle to justice!
It is this that makes one man take advantage
of the needs of another to enrich himself.^-
Rev. J. S. Beeger, Methodist, Cleveland. O.
INTEMPERANCE.
When the United States, as a nation, shall
decree that the manufacture of intoxicating
drinks is a sin and a crime, then will we see
the end of this monstrous evil. — Rev. T. C.
Denman, Methodist, Volunlown, R. I.
ENFORCING THE LAW.
Roosevelt, of New York City, haa demon
r. _^^ _ KEW PUBLICATIONB.
HT*f\ ?VT I iT^ 1-J T^ ■■-• v" ——"-. .. . - .1 3
C I 11 = !^ II Ili I Our Great Introductory Offer 3
j EZZ- - r-/^^" >-.-_-•,"■-• ; ■ ""■ is not confined to San Francisco, but ap- ~**
g^ . . plies to all sections reached by the great :^
iSH y~%T. Iff C\ \{\C*Y£ San Francisco dailies, it being the special
iSE ; «r »'*' *V-r \/ VIUWIV purpose of THE SYNDICATE in THIS
2- , •. v supplemental distribution to place at least
g Will positively mark the close of The Newspaper one set of the volumes in every com.' 3
J Syndicate's great supplemental distribution, which munity for comparison with other diction- i^s
Sj^ on payment Of $1 puts you in immediate possession aries and encyclopedias, thereby securing r^
for life-long use Of that superb Reference Library, widespread and favorable publicity for this
new work. To be absolutely sure of secur- -j
SE^ M __ B~A_, _ ll . t| • . me: one of these sets the initial payment of m
£ 1 iIC CnCVCIOPS£CSiC ?L°° 8h °uld accompany your letter. If 3
*^ JT^ . , the work is not as represented it can be —^
S!I W~V • J • ■■'• ' returned within ten days and the payment —•
J^2 I I^/^TT fl/^ #^ C| '#•'^7' will be refunded. This gives you opportu- :^
j^ JL^ M I'M Vf U.d.l. \ • nity to examine the entire work. =35
E •*■■"■' ■■ " " =■ —««xi
! > T'/^\ HAY The Wonderful Ltttle Price. =^
I I LJ—LJ AY The Remarkably Easy Terms. ~2
Ig- - ■ • * -v^- :.rr.*--? * (For Introduction Only.) r^
| $1.00 Secures the Delivery of the Entire Set. 1
After to-day the regular sub- i -■ -^
scription price of $42 per set Will AT ONCE A DICTIONARY AND AN ENCYCLOPAEDIA. 3
fc: prevail. Produced at a cost of over 5750,000. -«
JL_ Tr^riAV • --..-, . —^
TO-DAY jmm^^ 3
g (Until 10 p. M.) r^mm LOJ $<J k § hrMmk 3
| You Are in time. 1
TO=MORROW L^Pf^^^^^^^^^^l^^ii !
I (and thereafter) fg^tQsJSf ' 1
11 You Will Be Too Late. Ep|^^3^3« %
SI To nil readers of this paper, :lrs>^:v :> fe4Ws '^-^^^^^ lill^^'^v^^C)
I readers who have been hesitating Zl^^n-ssssl^^* :' v -'">^ -
g= or delaying for any reason, fair fIfIPKHME I. gsss^L^ Wl iIW^Wf lWmB \1 ' 2
m^ warning is given that WA:c R£. 1: ' ■ IfcuMElll. VS^^^t^&^iiii'i^r'ra^rl P . =5!
I Tins Distribution ■
I (LOSES TO-M(«HT
| Positively. ®^^^^^^^^^^ 3
g" Such a liberal educational propo- t^l) 13
jg^ sition has never before been made .V.-;'FOUR massive volumes, WEIGHT about 40 POUNDS. =^
gr; and will never ag<.in be presented. I - »| -^
\^Z f»iivAn4f>nf IV/v+i/»a Personal applications will be received at Syndicate Headquarters until 10 O'CLOCK TO-NIGHT. In r^S
fc- B Illl!f II lilt I > llfllljli justice to our out-of-town readers all applications by letters or telegrams'dated NOT LATER THAN ~^i
IHipVIUIUI UVLIWt april i! will also be accepted and the orders filled. fl
I HOW TO SECURE THIS MAGNIFICENT WORK. |
•^ • Bring or send $1 to the PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 38 Montgomery street, and the entire set oi I*
8^ four superb volumes, bound in cloth, will b? forwar.led. Tlie balance to ba paid at the rate of $1 25 monthly for 12
ST" months. . The work will supplied in HALF RUSSIA for $1 50 monthly, an lin full sheep for $2 monthly for the 12 zi
g— months. The FIRST PAYMENT in every cisc is only $1. At t'»e tim^ of ssnilin<r voar first payment please designate —"
«►— the style of binding you desire (WE RECOMMEND THE HALF RUSSIA BINDING), and indicate how you wish the =3
St 1 volumes sent, as the charges for delivery must ba paid by th 3 purchaser. Remember, the entire set is seat you when the 13
g~. first payment of $1 is received, and you therefore hive the use and benefit of the volumes during the whole year you are -^
**-■ paying for them. The absolute confidence of The Syndicate that the work will be thoroughly appreciated, highly valued -^
«■— and cheerfully paid for is clearly shown by sending such a valuable set of books, the subscription price of which is $12, on -^i
SS- an advance payment of only $L, Every one is invited to call and inspect the work, or sample pages will be furnished on r^
l£Z application. Address "Z2*
i THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 06 Montgomery Street, San Francisco. 3
See How Easy It Is. Use This Order Blank. 3
i H THE PACIFIC COAST SEWSPAPBR SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery St., San Francises. • 3
v- Inclosed find One Dollar, for which please send to my address, as given below, one complete set of the
g^~ Encyclopsedic Dictionary, bound in..... ..........'.....'......... Binding. (We recommend the Half-Russia -^
I | Binding.) I agree to pay the balance in 12 equal monthly payments. . 2^
!£l ! NAME .........;...............:. RESIDENCE 2
B OCCUPATION ........!..../....... SHIP 8Y.... 3
■»— ";• State here whether by express or freight. . £
1= OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK. %
started that the law can be enforced. The
right kind of a Mayor and Chief of Police,
backed by a strong public sentiment, cau en
force any law of justice. — Rev. M. Kaufman,
Methodist, Providence, R. I. ;
" SUNDAY.
There must be a place for worship or there
will De no worship. Hence the church. There
must be a time for worship or there will be no
worship. Hence the obligation of the Sab
bath.—Rev. W. U. Moore, Presbyterian, Doyles
town, Pa. ~ ' i '■
i VICE AND VIRTUE.
There is a far closer connection between our
virtues and our vices than most of us are ac
customed to suppose. What is the relation be
tween them? This: Our vices are our virtues
carried to excess.— Rev. J. J. Lamer, Episco
palian, West Philadelphia, Pa.
•WORLDLY THINGS. . \
Interests that are purely worldly should be
left to worldly people. Christians have no
time to devote to them. They roust part with
anything that has the place in their affections
that belongs to Christ.— Rev. R. H. Hume,
Presbyterian, Springfield, Ohio.
WOMEN'S WOBK.
God created man and woman fora purpose:
the man to do his work outwardly and publicly
and the woman to do hers inwardly and pri
vately. A woman can imitate the work of
man, but she can never do it.— Rev. A. S. Crap
scy, Episcopalian, Rochester, N. Y.
. MANHOOD. -
Christianity has restored manhood. It puts
man back into the original condition before
the influences of sin caused his decay. The
man restored, he will look out for others who
are lost, that he may brine them back to the
highest manhood.— Rev. Mr. Ostrom, evangel
ist; Terre Haute, Jnd. > . .
WOMAN.
' Woman is the complement of man. Man
furnishes strength, woman ornaments that
strength with beauty; man furnishes courage,
woman supplements that courage with forti
tude; man furnishes intelligence, woman re
fines that intelligence into taste; man fur
nishes virtue, woman perfects that virtue into
goodness.— Rev. J. E. Adams, Methodist, Brook
lyn, N. Y.
THE CHURCHES.
The world has outgrown some churches. It
has outgrown narrow conceptions of religious
truth. ; Heresy trials, narrow doctrinal dissen
sions, and the insistence on ceremonial ob
servances as essential to the salvation of men
drive the masses from the churches which
force such limitations upon them.— Rev. G. R.
Wallace, Congregationalism Chicago, 111.
THE BALLOT.
A man's vote is more significant than his
occupations or bisfriendshiDS. At the polls
he recognizes his kinship with the great of the
'.an He is of an equal ;of Senators" and
Judges and Presidents. He is a psrt of the
body politic, responsible for the administration
and government. — Rev. Cyrus Richardson,
Congregation alist, Nashua, N. 11.
PUNISHMENT FOR CRIME.
Let crime be given no quarter. Let the
prison door be opened to the guilty, no matter
what family connections they may have. High
social standing only aggravates his guilt. The
highest interests of society demand that every
criminal be speedily punished to the full
extent of the law.— Rev. M. A. Peters, Re
formed Church, York, Pa. '•
"AMERICA' FOR AMERICANS.
The cry of "America for Americans" has a
rather narrow meaning, while "America for
Men" has a nobler meaning. America for men
and women of : noble intelligence and . noble
ambitions, people of just and generous and
humane souls, whose charter Khali read: "The
world my country and mankind my country
men."—Rev. E. L. Rexford, Unlversalist, Co
lumbus, Ohio. ■
JOURNALISM.
To publish a newspaper- requires the skill,
the precision, the boldness, the vigilance, the
strategy of a commander-in-chief. To edit a
newspaper requires that one be a statesman,
an essayist, a . geographer, a statistician, and,
in acquisition, ; encyclopedic. To - govern j a
newspaper until it shall be a fixed institution
■'"• NEW PUBLICATIONS.• i-. ,
is to demand more qualities thnn any tmsiuess
on earth.— Rev. T. de Witt Taltuage, Presby
terian, Washington, D. C.
METnODIST UNITY.
The supreme need of this hour is a reunion
of dismembered Christendom. We may no;
be able to heal the brencli between Protestant
ism and Roman Catholicism, noreven between
the various branches of Protest.ir.tism, but the I
seventeen breaches of Methodism ought to be
able, by the grace of God, to get together.—
Rev. J. W. Magruder, Methodist, Cincinnati,
Ohio.
THE CITIZEN BOFS.
Usually the boss holds some official position,
but in the Empire State to-day the dictator,
Thomas C. Phut, is a private citizen. The only
office he occupies is an express office on lower
Broadway, and yet from his throne invisible
he rules his party and the entire people with
a rod of iron.— Rev. J. L. Scudder, Congrega
tionalist, Jersey City, N. J.
SALVATION.
Many wait until the hand of death is almost
clasped upon them before they consider their
duty to God. Salvation is the work of a life
time, ar.d should not be allotted but a few
moments in this life, as many are wont to give
it. Riches and worldly pain are matters of but
a few years, while salvation is for eternity.—
Rev. Patrick Lavelle, Catholic, Pittsburg, Pa.
RELIGION AND BUSINESS.
A great many people don't believe in mixing
religion and business, but such people have no
religion to mix. A religion which is only for
Sunday, which can permit six days of business
to be run on the devil's principles, and which
gives reluctantly as a favor to God a part of the
isabbath, is atheism. It is not Christianity.—
Rev. B. Fay Mills, evangelist, Lafayette, Ind.
CULTURE.
Refinement and culture should not be merely
physical. They should be moral and spiritual.
| Polish that does not include the moral and
spiritual nature is only a veneer. There is a
false culture which resembles the cut flowers
of the florist, which have short ttems, are ab-
I breviftted and s<v>n wither away. But the
church is the center and source of all true cul
ture.—Rev. D. R. Breed, Presbyterian, Pitts
burg, Pa.
FAITH.
All human knowledge, all human affection
is built on taith. Fai'.h is the eye and ear of
the soul. All history is wiih us a matter of
faith. The farmer sows his ft crt by faiih, and
largely by faith !i man prospers in business.
1 Business in basea wholly on faith. Faith makes
; national business intercourse possible; faith
binds together the church, tlie nation and the
family.— Dishop Arnett, African Methodist,
Meadville. Pa.
JUDGMENT.
We are all standing before the judgment
seat of Christ row, and being te.-ted every day, i
| not to rind what kind of an angel or devil we I
I are going <o make at some far aivny time, but
what kind of a man or woman we are going to
be to-morrow. Each day's life is the outcome |
of our former mode of living, ami we have i
heaven or hell continuously, according to our
capacity and merit.— Rev. L. H. Squires, Uni
versalist, Rochester, N. Y.
EDUCATION AND MORALITY.
Thousands of the most intelligent and
learned men of the past, were as much dis
tinguished for their wickedness as for their
wisdom. Knowledge alone cannot make us
better men, for knowledge is oftener an in
strument of evil than an instrument of good.
The blackest villainies in the world's history
were planned by men who had received di
plomas from colleges and universities. It is
not true, iheu, that education is the panacea
I for all the moral ills of the world —Rev. J. B.
Hawthorne, Baptist, Atlanta, Ga.
LOVE.
Love i« the greatest -need of the age. Pov
erty causes many people to suffer from hunger
to-day, but they need love raoro than they need
bread. As eager as the intellect is for knowl
edge it is not as necessary to it as love. We
may empty our purse in the hand of the
needy, but unless we give to him our heart's
love and sympathy we have not given what He
needs. We may give both time and money to
" NEW ] PUBLICATIONS.
aid the destitute, but unless we have been
actuated by love we have done nothing In the
sight of God.— Rev. J. R. Boyle, Methodist,
Wilkesbarre. Pa.
SIN' AND ITS PUNISHMENT.
When we fin we rob God of something, and
we ought to be willing to repay him in some
manner, while we have health and strength,
instead of waiting to feel remorse for an un
fruitful life when we near its end. We may be
told to take iife with its pleasure* and its sins
moderately, but the Scriptures tell us plainly
that the joys and the torments of heaven and
hell are not moderate, hut acute. — Rev. F. J.
Kiernan,' Catholic, Philadelphia.
MORALITY AND JUSTICE.
In the white light of heaven's throne a man's
sin appears precisely the same as a woman's
and impurity is as black on Fifth avenue as on
the Bowery. The world has two codes of
morain, masculine and feminine, but that dis
tinction is not recognized in the other world,
(iender has no right to destroy justice. The
vials of wrath are poured upon the heads of
unfortunate women, while the most royal wel
come is given to Hie man who is notoriously
unclean. That is the accursed creed of this
hour. Injustice, injustice— basest injustice —
hisses at the woman, but kisses for the man.—
Rev. Cortland Myers, Baptist, Brooklyn, N. V.
HEW TO-DAY.
€"") GET
r&* scrii
Our One of ... US Hnd SC6 . .
Our Customer, ]t tO QS ROd SC6 the
difference in price from a store
that will not pay commission to
physicians.
Although our charges are
about one-half less we get just
as much as the druggist who
charges you twice as much, as
he is compelled to refund one-
half in commission to the phy-
sician. Do you see the point ?
oPEna 1 ATilj NIGHT.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 Market Street,
Sooth side. bet. Fifth and Sixth. ■
m^mmmxM wijlcox compound
—.-^K—i Safe and SURE, Always reliable. Tak*
• no substitute. For sale by alldruegtsts. iiOO. Bend
4c. for Woman' * Safeguard. WII.OOX SPECIFIC
CO.. 2» SOUTH EIGHTH BT..PHILADA..f A,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITTERS, TH*
O great Mexican Bemed/; gives - HeaJUl art
BttengtU to the Sexual Or«ao»
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The great relay race will he decided to
morrow, provided that the weather re
mains fine. This is one of the principal
events of the season in cycling, and doubt
less a large number of ladies and gentle
men -will witness the finish.
The Interstate Coursing Club will meet
at Newark to-morrow and a lirst-elr.ss
day's sport is promised those who will
attena.
The Sportsmen's Association will meet
to-day and to-morrow at the Oakland
track, where the "popping" of live birds
will be sharp and spirited.
The recent rains have disappointed the
anglers, who were in hopes of enjoying
some good lishing this month.
THE WHEELMEN.
Great Hundred-Mile Relay Race to
Be Run To-Morrow.
The third annual 100-mile relay rare of ;
the California Associated Cycling Clubs,
Starting here, riding around the bay via j
San Jose ard finishing in Alameda, will <
be contested to-morrow by ten teams of j
ten men each from t^an Francisco, San j
Jose and Alarceda County clubs. The i
start will be made promptly at 9 o'clock j
from in front of Varney's Biclorama, ;
Market and Tenth streets, an<d the finish !
will be at Central avenue and Grand j
street. Alameda, x>robably a few minuted
before 2 o'clock. Persons from this City
wishing to see the iinish should cross the
bay "ot later than 12:30 o'clock on the
broad-gauge boat, taking the train to Ala
mecia and getting off at Grand-street
station, from which point the rinish is but
two blocks distant.
Tne roads will be found somewhat
heavy all along the relay course, particu
larly tne first twenty miles out of this
City; but the race would be run off if the
roads were knee-deep in mud just the
same, and at this time of the year they are j
not exj>eated to be at their best. Last I
year a dry spell for two weeks prior to the ,
race made the riding perfect and fast time
was made, but it is not expected that last
year's time of 4 hours 56 minutes 47 sec
onds will be equaled.
The teams and officials were all pub
lished in The Call yesterday. The relay
committee of the associated clubs will ;
iiave its headquarters in Alameda during
the race, at the rooms of the Alameda
Cyclers, near the finish, where reports
will be constantly received of the progress
of the race and displayed upon bulletins,
it would naturally seem that this would
be a great gathering-place for the wheel
men, but the fact is, bo many of them will
be actually employed in the race in some
capacity >>n the "ten different relays that
there will be few at the finish. It will re
quire between 700 and 1000 men to prop
eriy conduct this race — at least, seventy i
from each of the clubs, and as many more
as they can supply— and as they will be
spread out at all the" different stations and
will probably not get home until late to
morrow night it will remain for the citi- ;
;w and unattached riders to see the finish
and cheer the victor.
A great deal of money will change ;
hands on the race— a fact which the asso
ciation deplores, but which it is powerless 1
to remedy. The Bay City Wheelmen are :
slight favorites in the bettfng.Oiympic Club j
Wheelmen second, Acme Club Wheelmen i
third and Garden City Cyclers fourth.
That is the order in which the sporting
traternity evidently think they will finish.
There is' considerable money up that the |
San Francisco Road Club will beat the lm- j
penal Cycling Club, and on the face it i
look< like a good bet. There is no crowing j
beforehand anting the clubs. They all
realize that a hard race and the greatest
wheeling event of the year is before them,
and the riders are training carefully and
waiting patiently for the hour of the race
to come. All the riders, trailers and offi
cials will be at their respective stations to
night—they must be— and the clubhouses
here will consequently be deserted.
\V. C. Brode of tin-" Buy City Wheelmen
has gone to his home in Los Angeles on a
visit.
Arrangements have been made by the
league officials with the Haywards Hotel,
by which L. A. W. members will be fur
nished with Sunday Lunches at 50 cents
apiece upon showing their membership
■ ard'. The rate to ail other wheelmen is
7."> cents. This is tbe big hotel on the hill,
and the otlicers consider that such en
couragement from a uotel which has al
ways stood aloof from making any reduc
tions whatever siiould not only be fully
appreciated by the league members, but
should serve as a great inducement to
others to join the organization.
K. H. Welch of "the National Racing
Board has issued his bulletin No. 6, dateu
April 0, l&rtj, as follow.-:
Sanctions granted— Healdsbnrg Wheelmen,
Healdsburg, May 7, 8; Citrus Wheelmen, Los
Angeles, May 30; Citrus Wheelmen, Santa
Monica, July 4.
Transferred to the professional class— L. V.
Raymond, Oorouado, at his own request.
Carroll E. Hughes. ">l> Sherlock, building,
Portland. Or., is appointed representative. of
the National Racing Board in Oregon.
The National circuit of 181>G will be opened
at Oakland', Cal., in connection with the
Fabiola Fete, May 1. Following dates will be
the Santa Rosa Carnival, May 2, Ban Jose Car
nival, May 9. The week eudiiiß May 10 will
be devoted to Southern California. From there
the circuit will proceed to Denver, Colo., for
May '2'.i. Applications for other dates in Cali
fornia .than as above must bo made imme
diately.
Race-promoters may obtain the form of the
regulation entry blank prescribed by the rac
ing board on application to the undersigned or
to any representative of the board.'
Race-promoters are warned that compliance
with the rule requiring programmes to show the
description and value of the prizes for each
event and the residence of each contestant will
De rigidly exacted Ibis season. Failure to
comply therewith will result in suspension
from sanction privileges.
The one mile championship of the North
California division will be contested at the
annual division meet, I'etaluma, July 4.
ft. M. Wklch.
Member National Racing Hoard and chairman
Noiili California .Division Racing Board.
The craze for collecting iapel .buttons
advertising certain makes of bicycles has
increased to an alarming extent. During
a cycle show at Syracuse, New York, re
cently 180,000 cycle buttons were given
away in four days.
A physician says that the prevailing
idea that a spin before breakfast is bene
ficial is a mistake. When taking a morn
ing ride, if it be ever so short, do not
neglect to lirst eat something. This is ad
vice it will not be hard to follow.
Frank K. Lippitt, representatiye-at- j
large of the League of American Wimel* I
men at Petaittma, has issueu a road book
of Sonoma and Marin counties, which jg a
most valuable work for wheelmen and
others mine tbe roads in that section. It
covers tne territory completely, and is the
result of a great deal ot labor and careful
measurements of distance*. Used in con
nection with tdc league road book, a
wheelman touring In or through these |
counties would hitve the best guide possi- I
ble. together with information as to dis- |
tances and the character of the roads to be
traversed.
Manager Fhafrr is Irying hard to match
W. W. Hamilton, the Denver flier, against
somebody for a professional race for a
purse of ?1000. He challenged John S.
Johnson, after he was safe on his way to
Europe; now he is after Walter C. Sanger,
bat the big Milwaukeean has refused,
rightly saying that he is entirely out of
condition, having been off the wheel all
the winter, while Hamilton has been in
constant training at Coronado. Shafer
will now try for B;il<i or Zimmerman. It
is good free advertising, this challenging
men who are ont of form, and no doubt
Shafer has the best of the argument now.
But if his Denver champion ever did run
uj:aiiibt Johnson, Sanger, Bald or Zimnier
man, it would be all over but the shouting,
for they are without question faster men
than iie.
A new bicycle club has been formed, the
I name of which is comprised in the initials
| "G. G. CL C," the meaning of which no
; one seems to know. The club is limited to
' fifteen members and the officers are: Mrs.
P. Fitzgerald, president; Mrs. W. Rice,
1 vice-president ; Mrs. C. Lelong, secretary;
\ Mrs. \V. Leonard, treasurer and captain;
! Mrs. Dr. Edson, surgeon. The captain
j has called the first run for to-morrow to
j CenterviUe, taking the 7 o'clock boat, and
I upon reaching their destination they will
: onjoy one of those dinners which have
\ made the Gregory House so popular
j among the wheelmen.
The Steams team is still at Coronado
waiting for favorable conditions to try for
records. In a letter to the writer recently
I Manager Glee/,en said :
("old weather und heavy winds since the
rain of a week ago have made it impossible to
100-Mile Relay Course of the California Associated Cycling Clubs. The Ileavy
Black. Lines Indicate Kelay Route.
make any attempts for records, but it is now
thought from the present indications that
favorable weather will be had this week and
trials for all classes of records up to one mile
will be made. As we hove but one pace-mak
ing machine, the s-extuplct, all attempts will
have to be made with the aid of this.'onu
machine, and while it is expected that we will
be able to lower all of the existing records it
will be the first time that records have been
broken under circumstances like this for
record-breaking teams have heretofore had at
least three or four multiple machines such as
triplets or quads, but from present indications
the big six-seated "Yellow Fellow" will be
able to carry the men fast enough, and such
being the case the records will truly be re
markable ones.
The men are all in excellent condition and
are riding very fast, and as there are only four
more weeks remaining in which records can be
made there will surely have to be a lot of
lively work done to get them. Yours,
H. B. Gi.ef.zek.
Tne Junior O. U. A. M. Cyclers will
have a run to-morrow to Hay wards under
Captain Luce, taking the 9 a. m. broad
gauge boat.
Charles If. Murphy, the five-mile cham
pion of la'jt year, is negotiating with Hoyt,
the playwright, to have a bicycle comedy
written for him with "Brother Charles"
cast in the leading part.
Smoking while indulging in the pastime
of wheeling is a practice to be avoided.
It not only injures the wind, but is di
rectly responsible for various kinds of lung
disease. Physicians have argued that the
wheel is injurious — physicians who do not
ride — but let them examine other features
of cycling and they will quickly come to
the conclusion that it is not the exertion
dependent upon propelling a wheel, but
the dissipations of smoking and drinking
practiced by the riders that are dangerous
to health.
The board of officers of the North Cali
fornia division. League of American
Wheelmen, will meet Katunlav evening,
April 25, at the rooms of the Reliance Club
Wheelmen, Oakland.
The bicycle races at the Fabiola Floral
Kete, to be held on Mayday at the Oak
land Trotting Park, •will be" a big feature
of the day's programme. Prizes amount
ing to $tiOU will be awarded for races and
special events. A lantern parade will be
held in Oakland April 29 or 30, and valu
able trophies will be given to the club
making the best appearance and the visit
ing club having the largest number in
line. The track will be Dlaced in line con
dition at the Trotting Park, and as new
grand stands are being erected there will
be ample provision for the large attend
ance expected. The committee in charge
of the bicycle events of the fete consists of
George P. Neece (chairman), Acme Club;
W. E. Griilith, captain Reliance Club
Wheelmen, and A. P. Swain, captain
Acme Club Wheelmen. The National
racing circuit will open at this fete, going
to Santa Rosa on May 2. It will attract
some of the fastest men in the world, who
will follow the circuit all over the country.
E. C. Bald has been suspended by the
National racing board on the ground of
having disposed of one of his prizes while '
a member of the class B division. Bald
will have no dilliculty over this. There is
little aoubt that he Violated a clause of
the racing rules, but inasmuch as he in
tended to desert the amateur ranks for \
professionalism it might seem that the
racing board was a trifle hasty. However,
Chairman Gideon is careful in his admin
istration of the rules, and it was perfectly
rk'ht to suspend the champion pending
investigation.
The Alameda Cyclers will hold their an
nual election next Monday night, and con- i
siaerable of a contest is expected for all the i
positions except the captaincy, which is
conceded to tlie incumbent, V. A. Dodd,
without question, as his command daring
the past year has been particularly satis- '
iactury and efficient. Spalding.
THE ANGLER.
Eleven Large Steelheads Caught
Near Alvarado by Al Pape.
The late rains have very materially in
terfered with the sport of anelers.
Excepting the small streams which
empty into the creeks that usually afford
good fishing at this season of the year, the
prospects lor respectable catches of trout
are not by any means favorable for to
morrow.
Previous to the recent downpour the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11. 1896.
creeks that have generally afforded good
sport to local anglers contained large
numbers of trout, and the outlook for a
very successful opening of the season was
truly excellent, but King Pluvius put a
damper on the expectations of the knights
of the rod, and as a result the future pros
pects for good fishing are decidedly prob
lematical.
Frank Hoffling of Haywards has discov
ered a new iishing ground which gives
promise of being well patronized by mid
winter iishermen who sit and wait'for re
sults.
Mr. Hoffling came to this City yesterday
purposely to purchase strong "rods and
tackle which he contends are unquestion
ably necessary to successfully handle and
capture the big steelheads that are loafing
in a lagoon which is within a short walk of
the town of Alvarado.
"I was shooting robin snipe near Alva
rado last week,' said Mr. Hottiing, "when
1 met a country fellow tramping along the
marsh with a willow pole in his hand.
*'I was inquisitive enough to ask him
what he was after, and the fellow an
swered—salmon. I could not help smiling
at the idea of a person catching salmon in
a slough near Alvarado, but when he in
vited me to accompany him to the happy
salmon fishing grounds, I thought that
there might possibly be something in it,
and off we started for the prospective
angling waters.
"Here's the spot, sir," said my friend,
"wuere I landed two big fellows yesterday
and got cleaned out by a third/
I "I watched him straighten out his line,
j which was strong enough to hold a shark.
I He then empaled six large ground worms
j on a No. (3 hook, and an awkward cast was
I made into the pool, which was, 1 guess,
five or six feet in depth.
"We did not have to wait long for re
sults. A three-pounder had taken good
hold of the baited hook, and as it was mak
| ing off with the prize the rustic angler
! struck quickly, and then a yanking match
I between man and fish followed which
I would have made the great and only
Frank l)olliver blush for shame.
"The steelhead, or salmon, so called by
the country fellows, was conquered in less
than ten seconds, and tnen I realized for
the first time that my newly formed ac
quaintance informed me correctly as re
gards steelhead fishing in the Alvarado
lagoon.
"Before I took my departure I wit
nessed the capture of two beautiful fish all
about the same in size and weight. Un
less it rains between now and Sunday I
will be in for some grand sport."
Mr. HoSling certainly spoke correctly as
regards the sport that anglers can now" en
joy near Alvarado, provided, of course,
that the slouch will not be made muddy
by heavy rains.
Alexander Pape, whose place of business
is on the southeast corner of Jackson and
Battery. streets, fished in the lagoon that
Mr. Hoffling referred to on Thursday last,
and landed eleven large fish which scaled
respectively 2, 8, 3^, 4, 4}i, \\i, 1%, 1%, 3,
8 ana 8% pounds each.
Mr. Tape states that if he had not been
cleaned out completely by one very large
fish he would have caught more steelheads
than he could possibly carry. What
caused the run of large fishes into this la
i goon no one seems to be in a position to
j offer an explanation. . Mr. Homing thinks
that the flow of water from the wells into
the slough attracted the game fishes,
which news will, of course, be . welcomed
by all local anglers. Several enthusiastic
fishermen from this City will try their
luck in the Alvarado Slough to-morrow.
Stanley Post and companions will leave
I this evening for an eel hunt in the bay,
j near San Pedro. Post is generally success
! ful when he sets his cap for eely monsters.
S. Constantini of 111 O'Farrell street re
turned recently from a tributary of Coyote
Creek, which stream is near Gilroy, with a
magnificent basket of rainbow trout, the
j average weight of which was half a pound.
THE BOXERS.
Choynski and Sharkey Are In Good
Trim for Thursday Night.
The National Athietic Club lias made
elaborate preparations for its next exhibi
tion of physical culture, which will be
held on Thursday evening at the People's
j Palace, Mason and Eddy streets.
The star event will be an eight-round
I contest between Joe Choynski and Tom
■ Sharkey. To win the long end of the
! golden 'string Choynski must stop Sharkey
in eight round's or less — a condition, by the
way, which will guarantee some lively ex
■from start to finish,
y easily disposed of every oppo
lias faced in the ring since he took
ism as a business, which, so far,
;d him several hundred dollars in
T he lighting seaman is a magnificently
i built fellow, whose staying powers are vii
i questionably great. Having whipped sev
! oral second and third class pugilists with
i comparative ease, he at last concluaed to
j try lor a place among the top notchers,
j and when Charles ("Parson") Davies was
i visiting this City a few weeks ago with
j the Sullivan combination, he offered to
I match Choynski against Sharkey, and
i guaranteed that Choynski to win must
stop his opponent in eight rounds.
Sharkey was already aware of what
Choynski had accomplished, but he had
confidence in his own ability to stand off
I the hard-hittiuji Joseph for eight rounds
, at least.
The match was made and Sharkey went
! to his old quarters at the Cliff "House,
: where he has trained hard and fast ever
! since in anticipation of a very lively half
j hour's fun on the evening of the ltith inst.
Choynski arrived last Saturday and, as
he was in tolerably fair condition when he
landed in his native City, he concluded
| that all he required to fit him for a sharp
engagement was a little bag-punching
' and some long-distance walks in the sub
. urbs. He is now qualified to enter the
' ring and, according to his own words, he
has never felt better in his life.
Joseph has not as yet cast c3 T es upon his
opponent, Tom, but he hopes to see a good
man in front of him when time is called
for hstic exchanges.
Sharkey has had considerable ring ex
perience in the last year or so, and al
though he may not have impressed a
number of people with the belief that he
is entitled to recognition among the first
class pugilists of the present day, he is
certainly far ahead in many respects of a
number of men wtio are classed among the
leading heavy-weights of the country.
It ninst be remembered that Choynski
is a star performer, who ranks in tlie same
class with Fitzsimmons, Maher, Slavin
and Corbttt, consequently if Sharkey can
stand off Joseph for eight rounds, he is
certainly entitled to great credit and a
place among the aspirants for champion
ship honors.
Charles Davies has Kindly forwarded the
sporting editor of The Call from Butte,
Mont., the following table of measure
ments of Chovnski, which were taken at .
Asbury Park, N. J., on June 15, 1895:
Kight wrist. 7>< inches; left wrist, 7><
inches; left fist shut, 11% inches; right
list shut, 12 inches; left forearm, 11%
inches; right forearm, 11% inches; biceps
left forearm, 12},£ Inches; biceps right fore
arm, 12)4 inches; neck, 17^ inches; chest,
40>2 inches; chest expansion, 43 inches;
waist, 30 inches; left thigh, 21'^ inches;
right thigh, Z1& inches; right" calf, 14
inches; left calf, 13l£ inches; length of
arms extended, 7(i»£ inches; biceps ol
! right forearm expanded, 14^ inches;
i biceps of left forearm expanded, 14%
inches; height, 5 feet 11% inches; fighting
weight, 168 pounds; age, 27 years.
Mr. Davies states that he will arrive
here on the 14th inst.. and needless to re
mark his return will be welcomed by his
many friends.
The preliminaries that have been ar
ranged for Thursday evening consist of
four rounds between Martin Muiverhill
and Jack Hall, four rounds between Patsy
Kerrigan of Australia and Jack McCauley
: of the San Francisco Athletic Club.
Owen Ziegler of Philadelphia and his
, trainer, Martin Kennedy, will arrive here
jon Tuesday. Manager Kennedy of the
Olympic Club predicts that the contest be
: tween Ziegler and Green will prove the
| most interesting boxing bout that has been
; witnessed in this City in many moons. It
j will be held at the Pavilion on the evening
;of May 1. Kennedy has also matched
i John Miller (big John) of the San Fran
! Cisco Athletic Club against M. Van Bus
j kirk of the Olympic Club for a four-round
; curtain-raiser. This match should prove
almost as interesting as the principal
event of the evening.
The following article appeared in the
Chicago Times-Herald on April 4, con
cerning Jimmy Barry :
Pr. Bradley, who was to have performed an
operation on Jimmy Barry's left hand, has de
cided to wait fora while to see if he cannot
prevent such action. Some time ago Barry,
in boxing with his sparring partner, broke the
forefinger of his left hand in cross-countering.
The broken finger was set, but In healing a
"callus" formed on the bone. This grew
larger, and Barry was for a time unable to
train. Finally he saw the doctor, who decided
to break the finger over and reset it. Later he
said that he did not think it would hurt to al
low it to rest for a while, as long as six months,
as he did not think he would be any the- worse
off then than now.
In the meantime Barry will have his hand in
a b&naage to avoid striking it against any
thing, as it is now he is constantly moving
the injured member, so that it has no time to
heal. Barry is s)K.'inHng much of his time rid
ing a wheel. He is becoming an expert wheel
man and expects to win the great road race
on Decoration day. Since his hand was hurt
he has been unable to play handball, and he
is glad the season for wheeling !s here at last.
THE OARSMEN.
AH About the Scullers and Near
Future Race Meetings.
The residents of Belvedere and Tiburon
are talking of converting the lagoon back
of Tiburon into a magnificent lake, replete
with all boating facilities.
If the scheme is carried through it will
prove a great benefit to the oarsmen, as it
will give them an admirUble course on
which to hold their regattas.
The laeoon is three miles long, a half
mile wide, and will be made eight feet deep.
The water will always be as cairn as a
mill pond, and the hills on each side will
eliminate the exertion of rowing against
any wind.
Things are assuming a lively aspect
around the Dolphin Club. At their regu
lar monthly meeting held last Wednesday
evening considerable business was trans
acted. A committee consisting of J. J.
Cronin, W. O. Patch, Frank Kelly, C.
Coney and C. J. Mogan was appointed to
arrange for a highjinks and regatta, to
be held next month.
William Fett, William J. Henrick and
Charles J. Stewart were elected to mem
bership at the meeting, and it was also
decided that the picnic to be given by the
club at Sunset Park, June 7, will be the
last picnic given by the Dolphins.
Fifteen of the Dolphin boys arc going to
row over to Sausahto Saturday night on
a fishing excursion, under the manage
ment of T. R. Keenan.
A fentnre of the club's high jinks will be
the swimming match between John
Caughlin and T. J. Kennedy and the
canoe race between Peter and Robert yon
Hadeln.
John Caughlin will be the club's repre
sentative in ttie single scull at the El
Canipo regatta, May 30, and their junior
ana senior crews will be a? follows:
Seniors— John Caugtilin, stroke; J.
Marron, after waist; T. Hopkins, forward
waist; Al Ronard. bow and captain.
Juniors— C. D. Sullivan, stroke; Fred
Woerner, forward waist; Joseph Laib,
afterwaist ; \Y. O. Patch, bow and captain ;
George Roach, coxswain.
The Dolphins feel sure that this aggre
gation of talent will bring at least one vic
tory to their new boathonse.
The Ariels feel elated over the success of
their recent entertainment, and the club
Ls now on a good financial basis, and they
promise to pot some dark horse crews in
the coming regatta.
The club will use the proceeds of the en
tertainment for the better equipment of
their boatuonse. It is their intention to
have a new racing barge and a few more
outrigger sUiffs built.
E. J: Flanders, the secretary of the club,
has his launch almost complete. It was
built by an Eastern boat-building linn,
and was shipped here in parts and put to
gether by Mr. Flanders and other mem
bers of the club.
It will cost in the neighborhood of $2000
and is 35 feet long, 8 feet beam and 8 feet
deep, and will be ritted out with living
apartments.
When complete the Ariels intend to
make an extended tour up the river.
Ed Newburr is the name of the Ariels'
new coxswain. He hails from the East and
has steered in many of the big Eastern re
gattas. The club says he is second to none
on the bay, not excepting George McGrill,
the clever little coxswain of the South
Ends, the winner of twenty-four out of
twenty-live races.
Following is a list of men who will be
tried out for positions in the Ariels' boats
for the big regatta:
Outrigger skiff— George Phelan, J. Wil
son, Ed Wilson N. J. Prendergast, J.
Bockman. W. T. Howe and P. Sanchez.
.Barge crews— A. M. Racouillat, Henry
Tank, Johnson Hardy, J. Nolan, A.
Harters, D. J. Sbeean, Joe Buckley, W.
Naughton, J. A. Allen, George T. Mc-
Ginniss, Syl Pearl and J. Larkey.
Leander Stevenson will train the men
and from the above list will be selected
their racing crew.
At a meeting of the Alameda Boating
and Swimming Club, held last evening, S.
J. Pembroke was elected a delegate to the
Pacific Athletic Association. The presi
dent of the club, Nellson. and Treasurer
Craigh, were elected delegates to the
annual convention of the association.
Cole, Whittenmeyer, Trew, Grimwood,
and Nelson Echardt, coxswain, is the per
sonnel of the University of California's
crew.
The South Ends are already trying out
men to form a new junior crew. The most
promising men so far are Ed Tooin, J. E.
Scully, J. D. Mahoney, Jim Pallas, Tim
Fitzpatrick, Dave Campbell and C. G.
Fox. •
William McCausland is already in train
ing for his match in the single scull with
Duplissea.
E. F. Sonrns will raffle his wherry off at
the South End boathouse Sunday, as he
is desirous of purchasing a finer boat.
The barge race between the senior crew
and T. F. Barry's crew, which was post
poned last Sunday on account of the
weather and which" was to take place to
morrow, has been declared off perma
nently, owing to the illness of D. F. Smith,
the afterwaist man of Barry's crew.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
A Favorable Outlook for th« Now
Opening Season.
At the close of the cricket season in Oc
tober last there were not wanting the per
ennial jeremiad in regard to the rapidly ap
proaching death of the sport in California.
Yet, now as the new season dawns, the
outlook was never more promising. All
the clubs have been strengthened with
new blood; the grounds, both at Alameda
and Golden Gate, have been put into excel
lent condition. New wickets, well-rolled
outfields, grand stands repaired and re
splendent in fresh coats of paint— these and
above all, the greatest enthusiasm on be
half of players past, present and futures
augur well for a banner season.
During the winter an effort was made to
ascertain the feasibility of sending a rep- |
resentative team East, but as far as I could j
learn it met with a premature death, the
cause of which was probably internal dis
sension. It is only , a question of time,
however, when this desirable expedition
will be arranged and it will be a matter of
equal : joy to the Eastern as to our own
clubs.
Following is the schedule of association I
matches for the year:
! . AT ALAMKDA. AT GOLDEN OATH.. I
p ii V '• Ground vs. Ground.
i 19 Juniors A. vs. P. B. vs. S. J.
-'6* A. vs. P. *B. vs. a
May 3* p vs. B. »A. vs. C.
10* a. vs. B. * P - vs. 9'
17* a. vs. P. Open.
24* Open. *B. vs. C.
30* ) Ground vs. Ground
31* / two days' match
June 7* A. vs. C . *P. vs. £.''""""
14* P. vs. C. Open.
21 P. vs. S.J. "A. vs. B.
28* A.v«. P. .' »B. vs. C.
July 4 l Ground vs. Ground. Groundvs.Ground;
5 / Two days. 2dys'hnal match
12* P. vs. B. *A. vs. C.
19 Open. *p, vs. C.
•-'6* A. vs. B. a Open.
Aug. 2* A. vs. p. *B. vs. C.
9* A. vs. C. *p. vs. B.
10* P. v* C. Open.
23 Open. *A.vs. B.
30* A. vs. P. *B. vs. C.
Sept. 6* P. vs. B. »A. vs. C.
9
13 Open.""*"'""'""" yp.Vs.cV '
20* A. vs. B. C. vs. S. J.
27* A. vs. P. *B. vs. C.
Oct. 4* A. vs. C. "P. vs. B.
11* Open. , *A. vs. B.
18 P. vs. C. Open.
25 A. vs. S. J. '
Signifies cup matches.
To-morrow the first event of the season,
"Ground vs. Ground," takes place at Gol
den Gate and the greatest interest is taken
in its outcome. Umpire.
COURSING.
Grand Meeting- of the Interstate
Club at Newark Park.
To-morrow morning the members and
numerous friends of the Interstate Cours
ing Club will journey to the Newark
Coursing Park, where the second grand
club-meetintr of the season will be held.
The Interstate Club 19 composed of the
leading sportsmen of San Francisco, Oak
land, Ban Jose and other cities close by.
It goes without saying that the gentlemen
of the club course only for the sport that
is to be derived from this branch of out
door pastimes, and, indeed, had it not
been for the organization of the Interstate
Club the sport of the leash in this State
would eventually become nauseating to
those who have worked hard and faith
fully to make it the sport of gentlemen.
According to a statement which was
published in last Thursday's Call, the
proprietors of the Ocean View coursing
park said that they concurred in the views
of Mr. Holbrook, who is president of the
Humane Society, that coursing is a cruel
and brutal sport.
The nominations and drawing for the
Newark Park meeting were published in
yesterday's Call, and as the dogs owned
by the members are of good quality and
high breeding an excellent day's racing
may be expected by the several ladies and
gentlemen who will witness the rounds.
Newark hares have been always noted
for their running qualities, therefore all
that is necessary to guarantee an excellent
day's outing is fine weather.
An unually high-class lot of dogs are en
tered for to-morrow's coursing at Casserly
& Kerrigan's Ocean View Park and with
good weather a line days' sport should re
sult. Among the entries are Captain
Morse, Electric, Lord Clifton. Nellie C and
other well-known fliers.
A large number of hares that have been
resting in the reserves will be turned out
and should give the dogs plenty of work
to catch them. The result of the drawing
will appear in to-morrow's Call.
THE GUN.
Live and Artificial Bird Shooting
Contests In Oakland.
A large gathering of sportsmen is ex
pected to-day at the Oatland tiack to wit
ness the second day's nfeeting of the State
Sportsmen's Association. In yesterday's
contests Fanning took first money with
six straight kills in the first race, and in
the second race Haight and Feudner
divided. The second event, at ten birds,
was taken by Feudner with ten kills, and
the same gentleman took the third event,
twelve birds, with twelve kills.
Tne fourth event, fifteen birds, was won
by H. McCurdy of Fulton, N. V., with
fifteen straight kills. In this race Robin
son and Webb divided second money with
fourteen birds each.
On Sunday next the Empire Gun Club
will shoot at bluerocks at Alameda Point,
and the Capital City Gun Club will hold a
meeting at Sacramento on the same day.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
will hold its first annual picnic to-morrow
at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. A large
gathering ot sportsmen and their friends
are expected.
Sacramento Sporting News.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., April 10.-The
fishing season has openea in earnest and
good catches are reported as being made at
Dormer Greok, near Truckee, and at
Floriston, some eight miles distant. At
the present time bait is being used exclu
sively, as the water is too high in the
creeks for the tisli to rise at a fly. The
wheel trade is increasing rapidly in this
section, dealers claiming tnat they are
selling more than ever before known. The
wheelmen are engaged in the construction
of two bicycle paths, one of which will run
to Folsom, a distance of twenty-two miles,
and the other will go to Stockton; these
paths are being leveled with a scraper and
will be covered with cinders. Walter
LeaKe will go against the high school
record made by Bob Smith last week and
he will be paced by Conger and Welch on
a tandem. The try out of the Capital City
Wheelmen for the relay race will take
place to-morrow, and is exciting great in
terest and competition. Bob Smith, who
won the wheel race at the high school
tournament, is rapidly coming to the front
as a racer, ana great things are expected
from him in the future.
The big shoot of "the Spoonbills" takes
place a week from Sunday on the Eckhardt
grounds at Agricultural Park. There will
be $150 worth of cash and merchandise
prizes given by Eckhardt, Webb, McMur
chy and Beckert of the Olympic Club.
The Capitol Tennis Club has reorgan
ized and elected officers. It intends bold
ing a tournament of doubles in the near
future. Practice is now going on.
It is claimed that certain parties are
using dynamite in the creeks in the near
vicinity of Truckee for the purpose of tak
ing fish and the local fisherman are en
deavoring to find out the identity of the
vandals and promise them a warm recep
tion. Rutherford.
VOICES FROM RICHMOND
All Classes Are Clamoring for
an Improved Tramway
Service.
ENTHUSIASM IS GENERAL.
Expressions of Opinion From Several
Well- Known Residents and
Property-Owners.
Enthusiasm is rife in Richmond. On
the street corners, in the stores and at
home little is spoken of save the proposed
improvement in the tramway service. The
"owl line" project is generally regarded
with favor, but the hoped-for reduction in
fares from 5 cents to 3 or 'IYj, seems to be
the great topic.
"That's what we want," remarked Alex
ander MacSorley, the Avell-knovru sewer
contractor, when addressed on the matter
at his cozy home on Clement street, near
Seventh avenue. "The Call is a great
paper, but it seems greatesc when it takes
the part of those who are not able or do
not know how to fight their own battles.
Five cents to work aqd 5 cents back means
$3 a month, and if a laboring man has
children who go to school out of the dis
trict, or perhaps have to work as well as
he, each one has to nay the same sum
monthly.
"I know this amount may seem trivial
to those who are so fortunate as not to be
obliged to count dollars and cents, but to
the worKing man, who has a family, it
means a great deal. The reduction in
fares from 5 cents to 3 cents for a single
trip, or to 5 cents for two trips, would, in
my opinion, be a great benefit to all parties
concerned. The facilities of communica
tion with the business center being en
hanced, many people would live in Rich
mond, who at present prefer localities
where they do not have to depend alto
gether on the streetcars. On the other
hand, the railroads would suffer nothing,
but would rattier gain by the reduction,
seeing that the volume of their business
would be vastly increased.while the re
duction would directly benefit the families
of residents by making their expenses
lighter. The Call has gained many friends
in Richmond by its advocacy of this meas
ure and 1 hope the thing wiil work."
"I like the idea of a late streetcar ser
vice," commented Fritz Becker of the
Point Lobos Hotel. "There are times
when a man is liable to become belated.
He may be in fault. Perhaps he may
have met some convivial friend in whose
congenial company the hours have flown
by until midnight has struck. If he lives
in Richmond he finds himself in hot
water. Miles ana miles away from home,
he must hire a cab or walk or find some
place to sleep downtown. All the^e alter
natives are more or less objectionable.
The hiring of a cab involves the expendi
ture of an ordinary day's pay; the long
walk to Richmond would tire Ihe winged
feet of a Mercury, while if a man sleeps
away from home the subsequent explana
tions and misunderstandings are often
very tiresome, to say the least.
"The tramway people say that it is
necessary for tue machinery to be idle
during a portion of the night in order that
needed repairs may be made. This is un
doubtedly true in a measure, but repairs
do not have to be made every night, and
when necessary they can be made in a
very short time. The men would have
longer hours, but in all probability the
shifts would be rearranged so that no one
would be aggrieved. The late car service
would without a doubt bring many resi
dents to Richmond.
••A g™at number of men have to work
until late at night. Bartenders, police
officers, typesetters and others are often
kept busy until after midnight. These
men, as they generally sleep late in the
morning, would gladfy live in a quiet, re
tired section of the City if they could.
But when their work is over they are too
tired to walk any great distance, and if
there are no late cars they will make the
best of downtown rooms or flats, closing
their windows and sleeping in unventi
lated apartments in order to shut out the
noise and bustle of the busy street. A late
car would be a godsend to men thus situ
ated, and I am strongly in favor of the
'owl service.' "
WILL BE LET AS A WHOLE.
Mayor Sutro's Plan to Segregate the
Koof Contracts Rejected.
The City Hall Commissioners spent sev
eral hours yesterday trying to settle the
question as to whether they will let the
contract for putting a new roof on the City
Hall as a whole or in subdivisions, but
finally adjourned without having accom
plished their object.
Mayor Sutro was in favor of dividing
the work into four subdivisions, one for
copper-work, a second for slate, another
for brick and terra cotta work and the
fourth for iron and steel work. Auditor
Broderick opposed this method on the
| ground that there was no one person on
whom to fix the responsibility in case of
damage to the interior of the building
while the roof was off. He wanted some
one to give bonds and be responsible for
the entire matter. City and County At
torney Creswell also voted against tbe seg
regations when the Mayor moved that his
plan be adopted, and the matter went over
until next Tuesday, when Messrs. Brod
erick and Creswell will probably vote to
award the contract as a whole, and thus
settle the matter.
KEW TO-DAT.
_
WHYS
One "Why" you should buy our shoes is
that we back them with a reputation and
a guarantee that no other shoes in this
market have.
Another "Why" is that they are Califor-
nia made. You will feel a patriotic pride
in wearing shoes made here at home, by
home people.
BUCKINGHAM
& HECHT
Stamped on every pair. Ask for them of
your dealer. If he hasn't them
KaSt'S will supply you.
788-740 Market St.
nil re ITCHING PILES
r|Lto8 WAYNEI *
mmmWm^*. OINTMENT
ABSOLUTBLT OUBBB. . .Will l IIIUI I Ji,
BTMPTOMS-MebtaNi latcaM ttchlag and
•ttaglagl Blast at alga tt wwm by «- -strains. IT
aljewed tt eeattame turn form Bad vrotrade,
which *ftea bleed aad ateerate, becoming very
•or©. SWATHE'S OINTMENT .to!« the Itchlni
«adkle«dlßS.kealaaleeratlea,aßdlaai«at«a*Bß *
tcawreg tka tamer*> »ikj»or Pnj«infcrti.
NEW TO-DAY.
MUNYON'S
NERVE
CURE
Cures all forms of nervousness and nerv-
ous prostration, resulting from continual
mental strain, troubles, anxiety or over-
work. It cures all the symptoms of nerv-
ous exhaustion, such as depressed spirits,
peevishness, irritability, general sensitive-
ness of the whole nervous system, failure
of memory, inability to concentrate the
thoughts, morbid fears, restless and sleep-
less nights, pains in the head, noises in the
ears and dizziness. It stimulates and
strengthens the nerves and acts as a strong
tonic. Price 25c.
M tin yon 's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price,
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies positively
cure. Price, 25c each.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cure*
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
I forms of kidney disease. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women. Price, 25c.
Asthma Cure, with Asthma Herb?, $1.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headacha
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c :
Munyon's Blooa Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munvon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate cure for *»acb. disease. At all
druggists. 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia. Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
■
__^___^_
Bargains
IN
Bicycles.
and BICYCLE
SUPPLIES.
. BUSINESS OF 0. S. POTTER & CO.,
IN LIQUIDATION.
EXTENSIVE
STOCK
BEING SOLD
AT
CUT RATES.
48 FREMONT STREET,
CORNER OF MISSION.
1895
MARCH
BICYCLES
New, Shop-Horn and 2nd-Hand,
AT
Bargain Prices !
An excellent opportunity
for those contemplating open-
ing renting establishments.
THE MARCH-DAVIS CYCLE CO.,
J. O. FRENCH, Manufacturer's Agent,
330 POST ST., S. F.
Aw__ £C First . 6t\ per
jRj-SS /*" W> J Pay't gZ week
f^w?7?\r Can You
WyW Afford to
JSJpT be Without
V\iW\ One?
>CnT lEl?) You cann rent ■
& Ks^ T?»W > -' Poor wheel for the
(■• j2t / ''\U(rJL money we offer to
bFT^^ ifM^\ SELLyou a good
tM!MfflrvlV\ J Catalog and Appli.
li J uW&B'libU 1 i'J caUon Btenk Free.
VllS^fliil ■ t I F The offer applies only
W II 'i*\ » ¥ to residents of San
\L// "*V \l 1 'ran cisco. Berkeley
>":•>•'. \\-' : . Oakland & Alameda.
',■'*"-■'' Oakland Agency
17th St. A San Pablo Awe., Reliance Bldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 & 20 McAllister St., San Francisc*
OPEN EVENINGS
I ARCH I
Xs teed. For children and'^ -^ B^L^ "§0
5 adulta who want a ' — rr <'lo^ff^i^fc_
pj anre is marie In 8 «€TaH BBbV^vH
B= 5 "ml 5 Front St., qfJB KaT^jß
H| Hun i'rani'ltro.n| WTMORESTES WAS BEATEN
The Son of Ormonde, Poorly
Ridden, Did Not Finish in
the First Three.
THE FAVORITES ALL BEATEN.
Kamsin and Tcaio Ran a Dead Heat.
Olive Took a Race in Clever
Fashion.
Millionaire turfman Mtcdonough's roy
ally bred f.vo-year-old. Ore-te*, son of the
mighty Ormonde, started in the four
furlong dash for two-year-olds at Ingleside
yesterday and suffered defeat. On account
of his blue-blooded pedigree the youngster
had gained considerable newspapar no
toriety and in tne saddling paddock was
tlie cynosure of all eyes. There were
twelve starters in the event, which was for
maidens, and so strongly touted was the
richly bred colt that at no time did the
ring lay better than even money against
his chance. Mr. Macdonough and his
friends all had swell bets down, and the
general closing pric« was 9to 10. Early
Notice iraa a well-backed second choice,
going to the post 2}i to 1. fchields had the
mount on Orest«s. and if he is possessed of
ability in the saddle to any marked de
gree, did not exnibit i; yesterday, lor the
youngster was badly messed about.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Cixty-«ishth day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter fleeting, iß9s-96. Ingleside
** Track, Friday, April iO. 18\»6. Weather line. Track fair.
QQ( f IKsl' ±iAC£— Five and a tAI; furion?s; »eiliag; conditions; allowances; purse 9-100.
-ex. Horse age, weight. St. 1
hi.
I
hi
14
_tr. i Fin.
Jockeys.
•B*l •-*.- .una. 5 109 4 22 ,
283 -Don Caesar, 4 11l 9 83
936 j Charles A. 5 Ill: 6 ! 3.
94.- j Km*. 4 108' 1 5 '-_ :
973 iAU Smoke, 4 106 8 oh i
966 traces. 6 109 3 11
957 Boeder. 5 114 10 10
976 {Marble Rocfc. a... 11l 5 7 a
470 Mamie Scott, 4. ..106 7 9 1
873 H-aiord. 4. 108 9 | 4 3 !
lh .
7 3 ;
4 1
I -_* I
i 82 j
! .IU
; 9 1
31 !
10 .
! 62
! !_*
63 '
: 44
3-i
i 83"
23
9
i 8
: 10
i 7 a
'1 n Cochran...:
; 2 3 W. F1ynn.......
3 1 C. Slaughter
42 C. Ploan...
5 2 Rowan
6Xi Shields
7 2 . Pig**ott....- ;
8 4 W. Cole
9 4 !Mao_:in
10 80zecian........
9-2
12
. • 3
60
10
4
100
.8
' 4
10
s-.ine<l»:-.L£»;«. Won dnvin*. Winner, E. CorrigaD's b. m., by Ououdaxa-^llu Kight. Time,
1:10- y
QO' SECOND BACK— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-oiis ; allowance*; purse 9100.
. ! Horse aud weight. St.
ha
Fin. !
Jockeys.
I Betting.
'Op. CL
. 950 j Ear! v Notice 105 2
950 Amelias 105 3
969 iDlabllta. 105 1
823 VVleland 101 7
Orestes .108 5
887 Catherine Great. .loo 4
975 Dnnbov- 105 8
9>9 _a.vH--.r-i 93 6
Mis. 3_ck__an.. 105 9
Gratis 108 11
950 (Tortoise. 101 10
i
::-::
:.::=
j I
::::::
21 I
li-
if]
73 I
3X_
5.'
! 86
9
12 E. Jones
il 2 [JC. Jones i
2h la li lughler
'3 1 (Peoples
42 -lacklia.. !
' SV. Shields. i
62 W. Flv-nn.. !
7 3 suiiivaa I
• 86- Woods ......... I
i 9. -Pi-sou [
10 Johnson :.. (
11 [ Rowan ,
i 3
5
i 10
: 30
4-5
15'
I 40
! 40
10
6-2
6
SO
50
9-10
30
80
60
9
i
!
,:::::::■ I
i
' I
-I
' I
' i
i i
1... !
Started with gat*-. Won handily. Winner, Burns A Waterfcouse's . Tim*, :51
OOCi THIKD RACE— Seven furlongs; aelitas; three-year-olda and up; conditions; parse $400.
883 Olive, 4.. 94 1 I 3 3
978 ICabrillo. 4 101 9 2hi I 2 3 ■
(S73);w_lter J. 3. 94 . lh lh !
9_i P-ervice, a. WIS left
(9b_. Goodwin 11,4.... 99 left! 1
Horse, age, weight.
St
hi
m
v*
I % j Six- i Fin. j Jockey* ,_£-"*
,3 ; 3 1 i 3 Cochran 5-2
i lh i ! 1 i._ ! 2ha Pl.eott ...... < 7-5
' ill 2 1 3 Sla___;er 12
! I Shields 4
I .'!. E. Jones.... ... 4
%
ting.
CI.
3
9-5
15
5
16-5
Started with gate. Won driving. Winner, E. Cornwall's b. f.. by Apaeae-VirKi*. Time, 1:2834. .
QQ7 FOCETH. RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Horse, age, weight. -t.
hi
hi
*_
Str.
Flu. j
Jockeys.
I Op.
(983) Joe Terry. 3 94 2 2 b
964 Rev rt;Bandtdo..3 83 5 5
(977» *-C__il_,4 103 4 13
979 iFortuna. 5.'.. ....._•_ 1 4 5
4». '.-.•r«_-aB-.r_ia. 3 83 3 3h
I 32
I 5
': 12
'■ 2h
I *'2V
-'_ 2 1 lh E.Jones 8-5 2
{41 3^ 1 21£ Frawlev. 8-5 7-5
11- lh h3 1 siaushier....... • 8■" 12
32 ' 45 ' 415 P^-.ott ... ! 4-4
.5 5 IS Ward 80 80
Started with gate. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fc Warerhous« r s cli- c, by Flambeau-TeardroD. i
Time, 1:431 a . . . . .; "
QoG FIFTH RACE — furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: parse $400.
:d«?x. Horse, age. weight, St. •14 ffc [»4 I Str. fin. I Joc.ers.
682 Meadow __r_, 4..100 1 , 4 41 3*. 32 lh W, Flynn.. I
9 - -in Marco, 3 96 3 ... 71 61 5324 Cochran.
960 I Perhaps. 3 9212 ; 33 22 2h 32 Johnson.
974 Daylight. 3 92 5 8 8 8 4hi Feighery.
<".: K_sel, Si. 87 8 ; 2h lh 1^ 54 Woods
869 I Princess Rose 11,3 87 6 < 61% 1 7 - Shi • ■ Frawiev 1
711 Clara »\ii_o_, 3... 93 1 j lh I *hi 41 -76 2. Jones.. <
8.4 i Claude HIU. 3.... 89 7 i shi | 51 ' 6 .8 C. Slaughter....
Str.
1 •Fin* I
JociceTs.
I Belting.
Op. CL
I 4
i 4
I 5
40
35
! 20
7-5
■ 4..*
9-2
3
5
80
30
40
o
6
staned with gate. Won driving. Winner, Elm wood stock farm's br. g., by Imp. Bratuv^abette '
Time, 1:161,
GOG SIXTH RACE— furlongs; telling; three-year-olds and upward; parse $-100.
..ex. I Horse, age, weight. . St. i ha j hi j -i I , Str. j Fin. j Jockeys. j 0 B *
9«2 (Toano, a 103 1 2-« IS 11 I*l - Macfclin 3
98. Kamsin. 3 P. 3 I 6 J 4*. I 43 *»1 2% Cochran _
(S.-MKowals-y, 3. 92 5 : 3h " 32 | 2% ! 36 C. Slaughter.. 2
,9.1 or__eit_, 3 93 2 I 2h : 2h I 3h 42 E. Jones.. 3
960 ! Sir Richard, a.... 109 4 41 ; 5 ] 5 i 5 Shields .... 6
Betting.
>p. 5.
ittiaj.
CI.
16-5
7-2
11-5
5
7
starticir-?at* used. Won driving. Winners, William J. Bloombaugh's b, g., by J-ongieliow-
Salara.and L. Ezell'a b. g., by Blazer-Miss Ha.,. Time. 1:15 ' ■ ■» - .
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Injrleside Track.
Is -»-•« «-lh»r<" the t cries have no record a: tfce distance to be run :ne record! at the next nearest
Cliltrce «re riven. ■ :■- ,•."-...; ,v.-. : ■ ...
A fcbre v.atioiis— F.. fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; 1., furlong: •. boat. .
. ■ ■
FIRST RACE— HaIf mile: gelling; two-year-olds.
Index. '
I Best
Lbs record.
LbsTk.
Pedigree. ,.
Name-
; Dlst.
Owner.
(990) I Geo. Palmer.... I
P95 -itius.
981 -mlua
990 Sister A idle
990 .Cyrus King '
*77 Link Boy
990 Viking
(P29) Alma
636 Ik* Roman
I :50i4 l i_m 102 F... A. B. spreckels.... Eequador-Kitty Gnnn
no rec ! Alma Dale stable.. . Imp. Martenbtirst-aollt.
» :49V_ i. m 108 F... El Primero stable.. Tm.Martenhurst-Vandllfi
I -.52 ,V_m ] 10.1 H...E. Corrigan Rllev-Sis'.erly
» :52 i_ m 108 H. L. Kzell Vanquish -May D
no rec La Siesta slock frm Flambeau-Imp. Cornell*
, do rec 8. Wright Merald-Kileana
1:49 i _ m 100 F... Barns* Waterhoase Take Notice-Picnic
. no rec j....|.... Elmwood stockfrm Imp. Brutus-Beauty
SECOND EAC£-One anJ a half miles; selling.
G. B. Morris •
FiinUia :
Trix
[Doyle
] Perseus
'Aniens
(Foremost :
Fl Fi
Lbs
S:'6-V_ iHi'rn.'
1:55 ,11. m
*•
I:3_":7_'"'
1:56 Ufa m
1:2:4314 1 5 ?.-!
1' 1:293. 7 it
record.
i Dig-
Lbs Tk. ! Owner. Pedigree.
i — ' P. Dunne J Longfellow-Qaeea Beluga
100 F-. O. Appleby.. Peel-Faustlne
105 F... Conn Club stable Freemnn-Annle L
: B. Schreiber. Macdufl-Mlss Lawrenca
98 H.. Cambridge stable .. Imp. King Gallon-Xanka
99 F... P. Archibald Areyle-Glenloeh
! 93 H.. A. B. SDreckels — Flood-imp. Queen Best
! 93 F... S. D. Merrlweather. Hidalgo- Veracity . *.
Pedigree.
1 HIP.D RACE— Thre« miles: Ormonde stajce.
Beet j .
Index. Name. Lbs record. Wat. Lbs Tk. Owner. ...
gel" 0. B. Morris.... 92 P.Dunne .1
9*4 Pepper 106 4:37 -V. m 98 Fa. P.Dunne
984 Cadmus.. 101 3:43*4 2 m 104 H.. A. B. Sprec_els.... !
952 re. Gardner. 11312:36 l-_ m 92 •_*.. F. __, Taylor i
-Queen Beluga
incesca
■ uvf.ca
Cornelia.
FOURTH RAf'E— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile: «el!in)t: beau.
Mte.
Best I • ;■'. r ...
■i. Name. Lba Record Mat. Lha Tit. Owner.
0 Zoo'.ein.... 101 l:l7Vi -*' 12- 11.. T. D. Warwick......
17 Fleet ' 88 ....;..- j ... 1.... .... D. j. Fitzgerald ....
4 Vallente 89 1:05H 5f ■ ! 113 H.. A. G. MorrU
. D_n.a_ven 101 1:503.1 1 /-_.__ 99 H.. L. Ezell. ..._-....... j
•2 Torino 88 1:34 -. 7f . -110 F. . S. C. Hi'dret_._
Olive 96 I:lsiitff 99 F. . E. Corriean
»8 Perhaps. ; »9 1 :07V4 &V. * 110 F. . Alma Dale stable.. '
Zorllla-Franlein
Hermese-Cnknown
Jim Brown-Viola
i Hindoo-Imp. «.'_ petunia
J. H. Fenton-Lltzle B
Pediere-.
HFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: handicap.
Index, j
I I Best
Lbs record.
1 Dla_
Lbs TkJ
Owner.
(Ml; Hater Mary 119 l:-li& 1.-.m
98* Sir Vaasar...... 107,1:55-. I*4 m
972 Logan 104 l:4oV_il'm
958 Tfcot-nllL. 101 1 :46 V. I_> "Oy
977 Collin.. 95 2:o9V_lV_m
&»• St. Lee I 90 I:47V* 1 l-16ta
691 iPel-f.1.. I 95 1 .47% 1 l-16a>
! ... W. B. Slnlc... .". Imp. Woodlands-Sister
1F... H. T. Griffin Sir Di_on-V_<,. ir -
» F... A. 5hie1d5.......... Voltlttner-Pert -i ;-7--%MtaWsffi
'. F... T. Loudy Imp.e_evtot-P_ttbV_._d._n
! .... E. Games Inspector B-Pii>zza
1F... S. C. Hlldreth...... Imp. St. Geor.e-_.evee
I' F... Elmwood stock frm Imp. Brutus-Bonny Jean -
HiXUI KACt— One and tbr..e-«lf hths miJes; bardic; handicap.
>)|Kir Hee1......... 15'
> B-as-nio IM
> I Silverado 13'
> apt- 12!
Best I I - - I
Lbs record. Dial. Lbs Tk. " Owner. j
157 2:35 13.im ! 11l .. ■ Almona 5tab1e..,...!
l__i2:2H4llV4m 1301 F.. __, U. Blakely :.:...
131 2*03% 1 1-16 m 130 H.. E. C0rrigan.........
1.9 3.011, I__ m 136 H. J W.B. D0dd.. :..:;..
127 2:-. lilni 140 F.. J. 8ren0ck.. ......;. |
12:35 l:
i2:2H41l
2:03% 1
3:ol\_ 1'
2:__ i;
m >
m
6 m
m
* Owner.
■ 1
Pedigree.
Blonde
& -- . ■ . • . .
I
•Josie C
'.osa r
M
» lTe_.pl__.ore ... I.'
'I
SEVENTH BACK— fe«ven furlongs; selling. 7T " "W:* "1, _-. .,. J v
dcx. Name. Lb* record. Dtau j__»!T_.! Owner. ?£/_
997 Sc-n1tz. ........ 109 1:22 6V.. 104 F.. CT. Gan&en.J.*.:..
973 Motrr •95 l*.aoV_ 7f j94 F... 'a; B. Spreckels
996 Goodwin II.. „. 109 i:lsi~ 6f 111 __. Bur_»*".V -terhouse,
996 5ervice.......... 11.' 1:433,. i m 110 Fa. S. O. rfildreth...... i
Ml F"4 Gardner... 112 1:46% 1m _. 110 H.. F.M. Tav10r.. ...... I
978 A__lph»«p_ec_l_ 101 1:05-, 5f 114 H.. E. Corflgan....' I
895 EdK-moout-.... 9. 1:11% _V_ I '10- H.. tone »tibie;;..T:..: I '
W3 i-_itj . — ....' 9^,1:131^, *>et -t-Jxe« F... I* EzelLv-.u.,;...; .
Name.
o*.t 1 :.--,
Lb* record. l Dlst.
Owner. 6
|
P
F
I]
I:
£
L
1:
IT 1
In
Fedigre*. j
'ST.'.'.]
Panlque-Illla
- Fl__ab<an-Mr
Imp. 11l TJaed
ilm. Woodland
Lake Brack
*'-'•(
Away third at the start, Shields appa
rently coald not keep him going, and at
the end of a furlong was among the tail
enders. Amelia S headed the field into
the stretch, followed by Early Notice and
Diablita. Early Notice soon showed in
the lead, and won handily from Amelia S,
with Diablita third. The" time was 51 sec
onds. The last furloug Orestes ran like a
real racehorse, simply running over the
top of the horses in front of him, nnishine
a close tifth. Shields, who shines at his
best on a free-going horse of the Toano or
Service sort, proved a most unskillful nav
igator, or the colt would have been third,
and at that, had the distance been further,
there would have been but one horse in
the race. The race was no real test of the
youngster's ability, and at no distant date
he will redeem himself beyond all doubt.
Great interest was maniiested in Or
monde's son, and race-goeis turned out in
liberal numbers. The favorites were all
beaten. In the last race of the day the
finish between Kamsin and Toano was so
close tnat the judges were unable to separ
ate them, and decided it a dead heat, the
respective owners dividing the purse.
Ten went to the post in the opening five
and a half furlong selling dash. There
was no pronounced" choice in the betting,
Mamie Scott, Gracie S and Charles A all
going to the post at fours, with Ottyaua
but a ?hade higher. The latter mare
passed Gracie S in the stretch, and won
driving, a bead before the fast-coming
Don Caesar, a 12 to 1 shot.
A seven- furlong run decided under sell
ing conditions resulted in a clever win for
the epeedy Olive, with threes about her in
the rins?. Walter J and the 9to 5 favorite
Cabrilto raced away in front until well
into the stretch, when Walter J fell back.
Olive then challenged the first choice, and
outfooting him to the wire won by half a
length. Goodwin II and Service were left
at the post.
A splendid contest was furnished in the
mile Belling event. There were five
starters, with Rev del Bandidos ruling a
7 to 5 favorite around post time. Joe
Terry was a well-played 9 to 5 second
choice. The 10 to 1 outsider Schnitz cut
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
out the running to the stretch, at which
point he was leading by a length, with Joe
Terry second, lapped on by the favorite.
The outsider was soon passed, and in a
hard drive Jones had a shade the best of
little Frawley and got Joe Terry past ihe
stand a head in front.
The rifth race, a six-furlong selling
affair, proved rather an easy thing for
Meadow Lark, at 6 to 1 in the betting.
Easel, the 2 to 1 favorite, Clara Wilson
and Perhaps set a merry clip to the bend
for home, where all three of the trio began
showing distress signals. Flynn brought
Meadow Lark aiong, and takinz the lead
won easily by a scant head from San
Marco, the second choice, ridden by Coch
ran. Perhaps hung on gamely, finishing
a good third.
The Corrigan entry Kowalsky held sway
in the betting on the last event at six fur
longs, with 11 to 5 the ruling price. Toano,
at 16 to 5, and Kamsin, at o"4, were next in
demand. Toano was quickest away, and
after making all of the running was co!
--larsd the last few yards by Kamsin, and
the pair passed the wire in what the judges
decided to be a dead heat. The favorite
was a close third.
Track and Paddock Items.
Jockey Cole, who piloted Marble Rock
in the opening race, was indefinitely sus
pended by the judges for indifferent rid
ing.
Had Ike Johnson, who rode Perhaps,
contented himself with letting Easel and
Clara Wilson race their heads off and
made his run in the stretch. Neil <fc Coney's
gelding would have come pretty near tak
ing the long end of the purse.
The attention of horsemen is called to
the fact that acceptances for the 6u Louis
inaujeural handicap are due to-day.
Tom Griffin wiil leave for Louisville on
Sunday with his good colt Sir Vassar, who
will be a starter in the Kentucky Derby.
The jockey-owner intends piloting the
colt himself, providing he can make the
weight.
Dow Williams announces that he will
dispose of his horses Venus, Midas and
Sport McAllister, and retire from the
racing business.
While watchins Perhaps Willie Flynn
on Meadow Lark came" very near being
caught napping 100 yards from the wire
by Cochran on San Marco. He perceived
his danger just in the nick of time and won
cleverly.
Little Frawley rode a remarkably good
The Remains of the Blairmore, Showing the Scow-Schooner Twin Sisters as a Lightship and the
Tug Alert With the Marine Surveyors Aboard.
race astride the big Key del Bandidos.
The youngster promises to develop into a
very good rider.
CRONAN`S AIMS OUTLINED
The New Superintendent of the
Hale & Norcross Makes
His Report.
Will B?gin Extracting Ore From tbe
Mine on Monday— Found It in
Good Condition.
James Cronan, the new mining superin
tendent of the Hale & Norcro33 mine at
Virginia City, has sent in his first official
repon to the board of directors of the
company in this City. The report was
written on April 9 and was on file in Sec
retary R. IT. Collins' office in the Stock
Exchange building yesterday.
The new superintendent only took office
a few days ago and makes his report in ac
cordance with the requirements of his po
sition. The regulations of the company
provide that he nmst report once a month
in writing as to the work performed dur
ing that period, the prospects of the mine
and tbe work contemplated during the
thirty days following. "This field the re
port briefly covers.
Superintendent Cronan reported that he
caused the Haie & N'orcross mine to be
opened on Wednesday morning last, and
on descending the shaft he found it in
good shape, requiring very little repairs.
The drifts leading to the etopes on the
975 level were somewhat broken and
caved, and it will probably require a few
days before the cars can run from the shaft
to "the scopes. After this has been done,
the extraction of ore will immediately
beein.
Mr. Cronan said that he had made ar
ranpements with the Dazet mill of Silver
City, three milts from the mine, to crush
the ore now in the bins, and which
amounts to some 210 tons. The mill will
be ready to begin crushing this ore about
Monday next. He also reported that he
had commenced hauling the ore to the
mill to dry.
Jeremiah Lynch, who was recently
elected president of the Hale «fc Norcross
Mining Company, accompanied Superin
tendent Cronan to Virginia City last week
and it is quite evident from the report
thus early received that they are wasting
no time in getting the mine in operation
again. It will be remembered that H. W.
Tangerroan was not permitted to assume
the office of superintendent though ap
pointed just after the election of the new
board of directors. He was not acceptable
to the miners for some personal reason
that has never been explained. Therefore
toe directors of the mine, wishing to
maintain harmony among the miners and
the superintendent and being particularly
anxious to have the mine reopened, tele
graphed to British Columbia for Cronan
and he accepted the offer made him and
came directly to San Francisco and entered
into a contract witn tbe company.
The new superintendent is one of the
best known and most skillful mining super
intendents on the coast. He has been for
years at the head of the working forces of
the largest mines in Idaho, Montana and
British Columbia. He has lately been en
paged in developing some of his own
claims in the new and thriving camp at
Kossland in the Canadian province. He
has had twenty years' experience as a min
ing superintendent.
THE SUNKEN BLAIRMORE
No Attempt Has Yet Been Made
to Recover the Six Dead
Sailors.
CAW CENSURES THE EESCTJERS
Angry Because His Vessel Was Dam
aged—A Court of Inquiry to
Investigate.
The tides ebb and flow over the snnken
Blairmore with her lost sailors, and a
geutle breeze blowing up Mission Bay is
the dying out of the southwest gale of
Wednesday's dreadful drama. Marine
surveyors and engineers aad curious vis
itors have gone down to the spot where
the long yellow hull shows a few feet of its
length above the ripple of the waves, but
nothing has disturbed the quietude of the
dead in their iron tomb.
The surviving seamen with the indiffer
ence of their class are looking forward to
life in another vessel, aud the skipper, be
reft of ship and crew, walks the water
front and tells the tale of disaster.
His brother captains looked from their
own dects at his topneavy vessel and
noted that nobl? craft's death wallow from
side to side like a wounded thing. The
master of a tug saw the doom-d fabric
bowing down to the impending strike and
offered an assistance that was refused.
Captain Caw sent his men into the dark
hold — that fatal caee — and turned his at
tention to the flower-pots on the quarter
deck that were being overturned by the
deep listing of hia imperiled vessel. Hu
manity, looking over the scene of a need
less disaster, asks, "Where doas a ship
commander's responsibility begin, and
when shall he be called to a strict account
ing for the hapless sailor-lives he sacri
fices?"
In a short time the rescued men will be
sailing on to other shipwrecks, the inci
dent all but erased from tneir minda,
while the captain will be fighting for the
preservation of his master's certificate be
fore a stern board of inquiry. A diver will
explore the dark, uncanny interior of the
submerged hull in a few days, and the
Coroner may learn just how the sailors
died. Possibly it will then be known
whether they were battered and crushed
under the hurl and heave and plunee of
the rocky ballast and flying baffle of the
deep hold or suffocated when the rising
water drove the life-sustaining atmosphere
from their sunken prison.
Among seafaring men there is conjec
ture as to the manner in which death fin
ished those luckless fellows. Captain Caw,
bowing under the weight of a calamity
that may ruin him professionally, is filled
with censure for the machinists who hu
manely trifd to release the perishing sea
men by chiseling through the steel skin of
the hu}l and speaks of the coming wrath
of the insurance companies."
"The men were dead," hesaya;"why cat
holes in my vessel? 1 '
In view of the master's own direful mis
fortune none cars now to censure his un
becoming reflection. But there is no
doubt that the Blairmore was cranky and
rolled freely in the brisk gusts of wind
that swept over the bay for the last few
weeks. The two or three hundred tons of
ballast could not balance the metal masts
and larger yards and the ponderous weight
of her top hamper.
The crew was uneasy, and sailors are
not, as a rule, men who are afraid of the
wind. They frequently sprang up from
sleep in alarm when the level decks
heaved upward at a dangerous an^le. But
the skipper swung at his anchors— a sailor
without fear — and his ship ig under the
waves. Six of his crew are there also, and
when he goes home the British Board of
Trade will ask why.
Superintendents Scott and Dickie of tbe
Union Iron Works, who pierced the Blair
more's side to release her crew, assert that
they heard the sounds of living people
within, and this encouraged and spurred
them on in their attempts at a rescue.
They carefully calculated from the beam
of the vessel and the depth of the water
that she was aground aud could sink no
deeper. The air escaping from the hull
and the tide rapidly rising warned them
to hasten. The water rolled into the hole
they had cut, failed the vessel and ail life,
if any within, was ended. Had the men
really been alive, clinging to floating
planks in the cold water of that darK hold,
bereft of one cheerine ray of light, filled
with the gloom of a despair that crushed
out hope, rising and falling witn the tide,
gasping in an atmosphere that was becom
ing more vitiated with the foulness of tbe
bilge and their own breath, when could
that great mass of metal have been moved,
lifted to have released them, and how
many hours conld they hare lived where
life was all but impossible?
The owners of the vessel have been ad
vised of the disaster by cable and an
answer will probably be received to-day,
fcpreckels & Co., who are the consignees,
will be given charge of the recovery of the
ship and will first recover the bodies from
the hull. At low water the hole cut in the
bilge is about two feet above the water,
consequently a diver may enter there and
search for the remains for a short time
each tide. Then the hole will be patched
up and the ta?k of rightine the ship will
begin. Powerful tugs and lighters, chains
and hawsers will be called into use for the
herculean labor and she will be pulled, if
possible, on an even keel.
Then the great mass must be kept in
that position till she is worked into shal
low water, where the steam pumps will do
the rest. Her lighter spars and yards
were in all probability broken and wrecked
when she toppled over, and when she ap
pears from the bay she will be a melan
choly spectacle. No time can be set for
the completion of the work, but its cost
will climb up into the tens of thousands of
dollars rapidly.
The surviving seamen are at the Sailors'
Home, where the British Consul has pro
vided them with temporary quarters and
necessary shifts of clothing. They, sailor
like, will simply wait for time and tide
that will brins them the next ship.
A wees from to-morrow a bay excursion
will be given in the steamer Caroline,
under the auspices of the British ship cap
tains in port, for the benefit of the family
of the dead mate, Thomas Ludgate. They
are represented to c»e living near London,
England, and were dependent for support
on vis blender wages, wnich are now cut
off. Captain Leal of the Caroline will pro
vide everything needful for tbe trip around
the bay. ____________
Y. W. C. A. MU3ICALE.
A Large Attendance at the Young
Womeu'i Home Last Nighr.
A delightful musicale, accompanied by
light refreshments, was given by the
Y. W. C. A. at its Young Women's Home,
1221 O'Farreil street, Thursday night.
Nearly 200 persons were present, and the
evening was pleasantly spent.
The programme was carried ont as fol
lows: Instrumental solo. Miss Grass;
Delsartean posts and the tableau*, De!
sartean class of the Home; song, Mrs. F.
W. Summer; nddress by the Rev. G. E.
Walk; song, H. M. Fortescue; mandolin
and guitar duet. Misses Mary Lowell and
Elizabeth Motiitt; song, Mrs. F. W. Sum
mers; song. E. L. Atkinson,
The entertainment was given under the
auspices of the entertainment committee
of the board of managers, and the success
attending their efforts must have been
very gratifying to those in charge.
BUTLER MILLER DISMISSED.
Mr. Franklin Loses Faith in His Ser
vant — No Prosecution.
Julius Franklin of the firm of Metzger &
Frankiia bas experienced a change of
heart toward his Dutler, Frank Miller.
Heretofore Mr. Franklin has espoused the
cause of Miller against the theory of Cap
tain L<>es, and has maintained a strong
belief in the innoc-nce of hi 3 butler.
It will be recalled that Captain Lees
accused Butler Miller of murdering a tramp
in order to win the confidence and grati
tude of his employer. The Coroner's jury
found that the tramp killed by Miller was
trying to rob Mr. Franklin's residence.
Yesterday Mr. Franklin diachareed Mil
ler, declaring that he could no longer trust
him. What caused this change or heart,
Mr. Franklin explained, was that Captain
Lees had convinced him, no* that Miller
murdered the tramp, but that Miller de
liberately lied to him about his (Miller's)
true name and identity.
"The only reason that I have cause to
distrust the butler," said Mr. Franklin,
"is that I have become conviuced that he
deliberately lied to me in several instances.
I know now that his name is not Miller,
but Effler. His father is not dead, but is
still alive. These facts were presented to
me by Captain Lees, and so positively that
i was forced to see the truth. Then I con
fronted Miller with my evidence and he
was forced to admit the truth.
"The fellow could give no explanation
of his desires to deceive me, nor do I
imagine he would desire to have his real
reasons revealed."
Before Mr. Franklin dismissed Miller he
notified both Captain Lees and District
Attorney Barnes, but both of these officials
declared they had no evidence upon which
Miller could be held.
Eastern Crooks Arrested.
W. E. Perry, chief clerk for ex-Postmaster
Brvan, in the drugstore at Market and
New Montgomery streets, under the Grand
Hotel, and Edward Moore, a clerk In the shoe
store at 113 Sixth street, have caused the ar
rest of Charles Evans and AlDert Crozier on
charges of petty larceny.
The men are accused of trying the old confi
dence game by swindling the victim oat of a
few dollars while making change for a gold
piece.
Officers Thomas Stevens and T. L. Ryan, de
tailed to watch suspicious s;rangera in the
City, detected ths men when they were in the
act of cheating the store-keepers.
WSW TO-PAT.
f^. Cure
Consumption
arid lung troubles ■-
To the Editor 1 have a reliable remedy
for Consumption and ail Lung Diseases; also
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast-
ing. By its timely. use thousands of hopeless
cases \ have been Permanently , Cured. : So
proof-positive am I of its ; power, that ■to ' in-
crease its usefulness and make known its great
merits, I propose to SEND TWO \ BOTTLES '
FREE; to any reader will write me : their
Express and Postotlice address. Sincerely, "
"^r 7 -^ : >-:^.-:-:T."A. SLOCUM. M.C., V. :./:■.
■ : : = 183 Pearl St., New York.
' "■. When wriMns: the Doctor, please state y»n reaVl hit . .
i • , letter ia ttii* paper and obll«a-lHHii>iio«.
•■-*-J..-'-.'- J f.. •;■■-■■•-■■«.•.■.» -i ■-,•■--. :.- -. ■ <-■- '..w =•.«' -
MAJOR W. W. BOBBINS.
Framer of the Indiana Military Bill Made
We:l by Paine's Celery Compound.
' lA__2l_Ll ■x- .^c. "i^^^^^^g^^
"."•"." ■ -_ ■ • - ... -•".•■*-' "-. -. "- =-- . .."? . ' ..
Major Robbins of the 2nd Indiana State
guards, aide on General McKee's staff and
president of camp Gray, has been for two
years one of the most influential members
of the Indiana legislature and the author
of the famous Indiana Military Law of
1689.
Major Robbins was a very sick man up to
the time of taking Paine's celery com-
pound.
In proof of what that remarkable rem-
edy can do to make a sick person strong
and well, Major Bobbins' letter from In-
dianapolis best tells its own straightfor-
ward story.
"I was troubled with a torpid liver, con-
stipation and. the accompanying sallow
complexion, while my entire nervous sys-
tem was entirely deranged, and I was
greatly reduced In flesh. While in this
condition I was taken down with a very se-
vere attack of the grip, and was for a long
time confined to the house and my bed.
"I resorted to various medicines and ton-
ics, and under their temporary influence
made several attempts to resume my busi-
ness of traveling about in the interests of
A. Steffen, cigar'manufacturer of this city;
but relapse succeeded relapse, and I not
only tfas obliged to abandon my business,
but growing gradually worse, became ap-
prehensive of the ultimate result.
"At this juncture, mv mother-in-law,
who had used your remedy with gratifying
results, prevailed upon me to commence
taking Paine's celery compound, and it
AHidh Fiver
The largest piece of
Sf • ' '^ .^^^^^k. nr^HHi^^ 7 fjp^_ j^^
Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
I|f MANHOOD RESTORED.3SS
I£^&iW3* **? & tloaotafamonsFrenchphyslclan.wlllqnickJycureyoaof all ncr-
VSV Vi \v ■; \\ voua or diseases of the Kenerauye orgam, such as Lost Manhood,
V. £jd/ \J Insomnia, Pains in the BacW-,Seminal£ m i33Jnns. Nervous DeWU^
I T fffVk "■ Pimples, Ucfltness to Marry, Exhanstins Drains. Varicocele aVuj
■ V^> V Constipation. , It stops »H losses by day or night?" Pre^ttofnlct
>^*- nessol discharge, which IX Dot checked leads to Spermatorrhosaand
BEFORE AND AFTER 2 1 !. the hor !. ol l of I 3 ' 3otenc 5*- <'^I»ll>EJ«FcleiinseaUieUver, an
*" * 111 ' ** r ' fcrl kidneys and the urinary onranscf all uapurtUea.
1 ; CrPIDESE strengthens and restores small wreak organs. -^-- .' -: "\ , .
__ • The reason BUfTerer: are not cored by Doctors is becunse ninety per cent are troubled with ,
PMMtatltla. CCTPIDENE lithe only known remedy to care without an operation. 5000te8timoot
: als. A writt^Q gnarant<>« given and money returned if six boxen does not eii'ect a DermaneatentA
|Ijoo a box, six for $5.00, by matt. Send for trie circnlar and testimonials. ,~™ -^~l^ ••»»»
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sal* by
v ',:■'-, ■;, :■: BBOOKS 1 .PHABau.CY, 119 PoweU strwt •
gives me great pleasure to state that I at
once bezan to feel its beneficial effects.
"My appetite, which had failed me, re-
turned, my constipation ceased, and very
soon my liver became normal in its action.
Following this my sleeplessness and head*
aches ceased, and I began to gain flesh.
The insidious hold on me that the grip had
hitherto had was relaxed, aud I feu invig-
orated and strengthened, so I could resume
my vocation, and feel free from the lan-
guid, enervated feeling that had so long
possessed me.
"My friends were pleasantly surprised
with the change in my condition, and I
was only too happy to recommend Paine's
celery compound to such of my acquain-
tances as were suffering from any of the
complaints which «=o comolicated my case.
"Therefore, I again say I feel impelled by
a deep sense of gratitude to express how
much" l have been helped, for I now feel
and look like a new man."
Physicians who rely on Paine's celery
compound — as thousands of the most wide-
awake members of the profession are
doing, especially now that nearly every
one feels the neeu of a genuine spring rem-
edy — physicians know very well what that
lanzuor and that tired feeling means.
They know that debility to-day often re-
sults in nervous prostration "to-morrow,
unless the tired sysU-ru is quickly invig-
orated.
Ttiat is why ail over the country to-day
Paine's celery compound is beinjc taken by
the advice of skilled physicians. It is the
one remedy that physicians can conscien-
tiously call a genuine spring remedy.
Try it.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE UARKEIS,
Bllver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Yellow Corn lower.
Oats and Kye dull.
Bran and Middlings advanced.
Hay and Beans unchanged.
Potatoes advancing.
Sharp rise in Onions.
Butter and Cheese off again.
Kkcs continue to improve.
Asparagus and Green Peas higher.
Poultry about the same.
Strawberries firmer.
Lemons in over supply.
HaniM linn. Bacon weak.
Hogs easy. Other meats unchanged.
Coal as before.
Increased rec« Ipts of Wine.
explanation. ' .
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
■lanut the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Th«
word "high" means nigh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
■ refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded and
.accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure Is high in the interior and low
•long the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable: but when
.the "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With &
M b!ch" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these condition* will product
•a opposite result.
HEATHER BUREAU RETORT.
Vnited Statks Uepartmext of Agriccl-
Tikk, Wk.vtheu BfRKAf, San Francisco,
April 10, 1896. 5 p. m. Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date las', sea
son: Kureka 36.59. last season 39.24: Red Bluff
17.15, last reason '27.73: San Francisco 17.11, last
season '23.39: Fresno 5.99, last season 13.16: San
Luis Obisj>o 15.87. last season 24.90: Los Angeles
*>>X last si-asun 15.45: San Diego 5.78, last season
1V90; Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
'I he following maximum temperatures are re
ported Horn stations in California to-day: Eureka
Bi, Red Bluff 62. San Francisco 57, Fresno 38,
Han Luis obispo 52, Los Angeles 53, San Diego 60,
V uma 66.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 41, meaa 49.
The following rainfall has occurred in Califor
nia during the past twenty-four hours: Eureka
.18. Sau Francisco. o6, Fresno .02, San Luis Obispo
.16. Loi Angeles trace, San Diego .10, Yuma
trace.
■ The storm, hi h was central last evening in
Eastern Oregon and Southern Idaho, has moved
southeastward and is now central in Colorado and
Southern Wyoming. An area of high pressure is
approaching the contin-nt in the vicinity of Eu
reka, which is causing h!gh northwest winds.and
gales along the California coast. Showers have
occurred to-day throughout Southern California,
which- have been for the most light, although
heavy rain is reported from the valleys about Los
Anceles. Light snows an 1 rains have occurred
throughout Nevada and Utah. There has been a
decided fail in temperature throughout Utah and
Arizona, find It has become considerably cooler in
Southern California. The temperature has risen
silently in Nonnern California, due to the clear
skies which have prevailed In that section. should
the sky remain clear in Northern California to
nieht frosts will probably occur. It now seems
probable, however, that cloudiness will prevent
Injury from frost throughout the greater portion of
this region.
forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
endln? midnight, April 11. 1896:
Northern California— Generally fair Saturday:
warmer in the south portion; brisk northerly
winds hieh on coas\
Southern California— Probably fair Saturday:
slightly warmer; brisk westerly winds
Nevada— Fair Saturday; warmer in west por
tion.
BL'tah— Occasional light snows to-night and proba
bly Saturday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy; somewhat warmer in
west portion Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair to-night and
Saturday; brisk to high, northwest winds dimin
ishing ia force.
W. H. Hammos. Forecast Official. .
NEVF YORK MARKETS. '
§ Financial..
NEW YORK, N. V., April 10.— While specu
lation at the Stock Exchange to-day at intervals
was exceedingly dull, yet on the whole the deal
ings were. characterized by greater confidence and
strength than on any previous day of the week.
The advance in prices was quite general and the
improvement was mainly due to a change of senti
ment in regard to the probable action of Presi
dent Cleveland on the Cuban belligerency matter.
The fact that the foreign markets for American
securities are undisturbed by the action of the
House undoubtedly has a good effect. Still an
other factor in the day's speculation was the re
duction in the rates of serling exchange, which
prevented gold shipments by to-morrow's steamers '■
and renders exports of the yellow metal improb- :
able for at least fifteen days to come.
The bears auemptrd to check the upward move- !
ment in prices by attacking American Tor I
one or two other specialties which happened to be
without effective support. Tobacco was sold down i
from 841 10 828 8 . and closed at a mere fractional
recovery. I>esp:ie the selling of tobacco the gen
eral market continued strong in the late trading.
Manhattan scored the greatest rise, selling up from
109 ,to 111% on the movement by the city author- 1
Hies to accord the company increased facilities to
extend its lines.' The stock left oft at 110y 2 . ■ Sugar
wasVonsplcuous for strength throughout and rose
to 1 lWa,l 18 :t 4 on purchases made by houses identi
fied with officials of the trust.
The Grangers, Chicago GaS, General Electric
Louisville and Nashville and Tennessee Coal ad
vanced 1,4(0,1 per cent, but there was nothing In
tne remainder of the list calling for special com- !
ment, speculation closed (inn Hin tone.- Net
changes show advances of VifSl^i per cent out
side of Tobacco, which declined %. Total sales
were 103,900 shares.
Bonds were lower. The transactions footed up
$],-74,0U0. Chicago and Northern Pacific fives
certificates fell 1 to 451,4: Kansas and Texas sec
onds,' 1 to 58: Northwestern sinking fund sixes. 1
to 115; Peorla ami Eastern consul fours. 1 to 77;
St. Louis and San Francisco consol fours, 1 to 35.
In Government, bonds $13,U00 coupon fours of
1925 brought 117@117V8
---' ' Grain.
FLOUR— Qniet. generally firm: winter wheat,
low grades, $2 25(22 90: do fair to fancy, $2 85@
3 90: do patents, $390(&4 25: Minnesota clear,
92 sO'a3 15; do straits, ?3@3 50: do patents,
$3 45(0,4 35; low extras, $2 25@2 90; city mills,
$4 10(0,4 20: do patents. $4 Ho#4 50: rye mixture,
»2 SO(a.M 30; superfine, $•-'(3,3 25; fine, $2@2 30.
Kye flour, quiet, firm at $2 tfs<&2 95. .
BUCKWHEAT— 4O@4Ic .
BAKLEY— Ungraded Western, 39@41c.
BARLEY MALT— Western. 48@55c.
WHEAT— Firm; No. 2 mi, store and " elevator,
82i/ 2 (a.823 4 c: afloat. 831/ xc; f. o. b., 828,£(<i833/ic:
ungraded red, 64®84c; No. 1 Northern, 76Vi@
75: v. ' • ; V. -. . v.
Options were less active, closing weak at V B c ad
vance to 3/jc decline, with free local realizing fol
lowing the West. No. 2 red: April, 74% c: May,'
725gc; June and July, 71% c; September, 71Vac;
December. 7.53/ B e. . • ' ' • 7» .
CORN— Spot dull, firm; scarce. No. 2, 40c ele
ra tor; 41c afloat. '. ■ ■■■_ .- .
Opt. ons dull, .\pril, 37c: May, 36c: July, 36% c:
August," 375-8 C: September, 38c ■ ■
OATS— Firmer, dull.
• Options steady. April, 253/ May. 2434 c
Spot prices: No. 2, lisijc: No. 2 white, 26V 2 c-
No. "2 Clilr-MKO, 26V2C: No. 3. 24y 2 c: No. 3 white,
iIVj)C: mixed Western, <2B®2tfV&c; do white and
while State, i'6Ai2oc. ■ :
KEED-Bran. 60@62ViiC. : .
. I'rovlslons.
BEEF— Unchanged. Beef hams, 9 14 40@15 50.
Tierced beef, slow; City extra India mess, $15Ca)
15 60. • Cut meats, quiet and steady, •■ Pickled bef-'
lies, 12 pounds. 43/3 C; do, shoulders, 4Vfec; do
lambs, BV ®9c. • ■..-. r ...,.-
LAKI)— Quiet: about steady. Western steam,
85 30 ; city. $4 90 ; May, $5 35. , Refined, quiet;
continent.' $b HO; South American. R6; compound,
46g@434c ' '-■ ''. ■■ ■■ ■ I V ' . t, , •~- '
>'OKk 4 -Mess, S9@9 60: new mess, $10@10 25.
BUTTEK— Active, steady; Western creamery,
10ffll5c; do, factory. B@UVac; others unchanged.
CilEESK— Firm, active; State, large, ,6@loi4c;
do fancy, 10@14c: flo small, 6@10%c; part skims,
3(<i7e; full skims, l^@2y 2 c. ■<■■ - . -'r- >/
K(JGS-Steady: Western fresh, 12@12%c; duck,
20®V3c; goose, 35®40c. - ■ -
TALLOW- Steady. City. S%fl: country, BV*.@
3S/gC. ■•'SSBSSE
COTTONSEED Quiet, easy. Crude, 2iy c;
yel!o>v. prime, L'sV a c: do. off (trade, 25y ■
RKSIX— DuII. Strained common to good, $1 75
@1 77%.
TURPENTINE— Quiet: steady. 2S@29c.
POTATOES— i'air demand, easy. Bermuda*,
$4@7 50.
KlCK— Firm, active. • Domestic fair to extra,
3®5»/ic: Japan, 4@4 1 /ic.
MOLASSES— Firm. -New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c. '■"- '
COFFEE— Unchanged to 10 points up: steady.
May. $1290@13; June, *1245(»12 50: July,
$12 10@12 15; September. $11 15@11 25: Octo
ber. $11 10: December. $11 10@ll 15. Spot Rio
dull, steady: No. 7. 13 3 ,ic. , ■
SUGAR— Raw, firm, quiet: fair reflnlnc, S.%c; ,
centrifugals 96 test, 3* 4c. Refined fairly !
active, unchanged.
Freights to Liverpool quiet. Cotton by steam,
1 i -Kid; grain by steam, Id,
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
APRICOTS— Bass. 9V,,@10c.
PEACHKS— Peeled. l-.!<aisc; unpeeled, 4@oy a c.
PRI'NEK- Four sizes. 6 Vic
KAISINS-Clusters. $1 2B@l 40; do London lay
ers, BC@9oc: do three-crown, . 2@lc; do four
crown, 4@sa
A L.UoNDS— Soft-shell, 7y..@Bc; do paper-shell,
ll®l2c. .
WALNUTS— Standard, 6i/ 3 ®7c; do soft-shell,
BVs@loc.
HUPS— Quiet: steady. state common to choice,
4®B Vic: Pacific Coast. '.'i»(iiSc.
Wool.— Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, SS@S2c;
pulled, 15@33c: Texas. 9@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIO IRON— Moderately active; American, $11 j
©13 50.
COPPER-Easy; Lake. 911 75.
LEAD— Easy; domestic. $3 01.
TIN-Easy; straits. 513 30@13 35: plates dull.
bPKLTtK-Steady: domestic, Si 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 10.— This being the
eventful day on which the Government issues Its
' monthly manifesto regarding the crop of wheat,
wheat.'in recognition of the importance of the oc
casion, remained in a sttte verging on inanition
luring the most of the session. The market was
pretty well evened up: yesterday, and new risks
were not considered wise until the report is out of
the way. There was a moderate sculping trade,
with prices early holding quite linn at some ad
vance over the final quotations of yesterd ty.
Liverpool cables were not as weak as expected,
whi h probably availed a little in supporting •
values. Chicago receipts were 12 cars and the
Northwest had 24. No comparison with last Fri
day or with the corresponding day last year can be
made, both being holidays. Withdrawals from store
were 116,200 bushels. The Weather Bureau pre
dicted rain for all parts of the winter Wheat sec
tion, which was encouraging to the believers in a
good and large crop.
. Prices became easier as the session advanced,
and after noon declined below yesterday's close.
Closing Continental cable* were'iower. Export
clearances were moderate at 228,663 bushels. The
close showed a rally from the Inside, with last
quotations considerably under the outside for the
session. May Whent opened from 6b'@fi6y«c, de
clined to 65'."ac, closin; at 66"..c, Yb© l Ac higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 2J cars.
Corn was not altered particularly from what it i
has been in the . immediate past. No news was
looked for and non" was received, so that traders
were thrown on sympathy with wheat for a mo
tive. Receipts were 189 cars, 21 less than esti
mated. There were no withdrawals from store.
Liverpool cables were quiet and unchanged. Ex
port clearances were light at 67.607 bushels. May
corn opened at 30i/8C and sold at 30c. where it
closed, unchanged from yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow are 170 cars.
Oats opened with an improvement equivalent to
the trivial loss of yesterday, maintaining a fair de
gree of strength and firmness until wheat showed
a declining tendency, when prices In this market
also eased away. Business was dull and slow. Re
celpU were 135 cars, and 154,690 bushels were
taken from store. There was a trifling recovery
before the close, May showing a gain over yester
day of Vs c Estimated receipts for to-morrow 150
cars. ■ ■■■- - •• ■■
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 90@90V 2 c: May, 87y 2 @
88c; July, 90c bid: September, 91i,2@92Vfcc. Re
ceipts w»-r<? 13 cars.
PROVISIONS— It was the same old story of a
-: hog market and a consequent decline in
'product to-day. No relief was derived from wheat
or the other grains. Business was generally active,
the session being punctuated with occasional busy
moments. Pork recuperated somewhat during the
latter part of the session, closing 2Y 2 @6c over
yesterday. May lard closed unchanged and May
ribs 2y 2 (<§sc lower. *
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— April, 65y 8 c; May. 657 C; July,
663/
CoUN— April, 293',;: May, 30c; July, Sic;
September, 32ys@32Vic.'
OATS— May, 1»%(519%c; July, 20y @20i4c;
September, 'JO^'ac •
PORK— May, $8 55: July, $8 75.
LAXL I—May,1 — May, $5 171,3; July. $5 20.
BIBS— May. $4 65; July, $4 tt7J&.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ti.r.. April 10.—
receipts of cattle to-day were far in excess of the.
usual Friday supply and a slow market resulted.
Prices averaged 10c lower. «
The run of bogs was moderate, but packers re- j
fused to pay yesterday's prices and succeeded in
Obtaining concessions of sc.
Trade in sheep was not brisk. Prices held steady.
■ CATTLK — Keccipts, 7000. ■ tancy beeves,
$4 50@4 60; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 15@-V 40: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $ 3 90*4 10: medium steers, 1000
to 1300 pounds. S.S *-oiS3f>6: common steers, 950
to 1300 pounds. $3 70:&3 75; choice feeders.
900 to 1150 pounds, $3 70@3 95; common to good
stockers. $3@3 75: bulls, choice to. extra, S3®
3 50: bulls, poor to good, $2@2 75; cows and
heifers, extra. $3 50<jt»4; cows, fair to choice,
* 2 40@3 40: cows, poor to canners. f 1 Mi a,
2 35: veal calves, : good to choice, ii 25(<46 10;
calves, common to good. $3@4; Texas fed ■
steers. 93 15@4 15: Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 '2 5a 3 '25; milkers and springers, per head, 920
@38.
HOGS— Receipts,' lß,ooo. Heavy packing ana
shipping; lots. $3 60@3 80: common to choice
mixed. 83 65&3 90: choice assorted, $3 80*4;
light, 93 70@4 ; pigs, $3&3 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 8000. Inferior to choice,
?1 80(fl3 80; lambs, *3 75 ft 1 70.
"WINE AND . BRANDY RECEIPTS. :
Receipts of brandy and wine at this port during
the first three months of the year were as follows:
Wine, 4,193,500 gallons: against 3,902,700 gal
lons during the same time In 1895. Brandy, 66,
--265 gallons, against 68.760. The total receipts of
wine are the largest for any corresponding quarter
In years. . .■ . .__ .
BANK.. CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 10.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
April 9, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
- Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec. •
New York .8621.668 '222 ...... 0.3
Boston 75.14:-..8H0 14.7
Chicago. ...... 77,065,096 ...... 7.5
Philadelphia 58,953,H63 .:.... 4.5
St. Louis.. 22.91«»,736 ...... 1.5
Pittsburs. 15.v17.686 0.8
Cincinnati • 12,756.51.0 ...... 9.2
Baltimore 12,40b.8.)8 7.4
San Francisco. . 11.695,7f>6 ...... 4.1 .
Kan5a5C1ty... ...'.."....' 9,366,116 ...... 5.1
New 0r1ean5....*........ 8,369,574 .'. 11.3
Louisville 6,679,370 1.9
Detroit... 6.528,512 ...'... 7.6 ■
Minneap01i5............. 6,0 r 0.211 '34.2 ■..;;:.
Cleveland. V. 5,248.143 ..„.. 3.«
Pr0vidence.............. 6,648,100 ...... 13.0
Mi1waukee. .. .......;... 3,918.870 ....;. 14.5
Indianapolis 4,202,266 ; •• V.4
Bunalo ..„...; 4,273,470 13.* ...!..
St. Paul 3,614,965 • 2.2 .•"
0maha............. ' 4.298,820 3.38 ......
Denver 2,407,217 • 16.7 .'."".
Salt l,ake ..1,304,5911 25.0 ......
Los Angeles .■.....' 1.450.3 " 20.8 V
Portland, Or .....:„ 99,136 ...... 4.4
Tacoma ■ 481,230 ... . 4 1
Seattle... •- 528,252 .... .
Spokane.... 415.361 38.2 ......
Totals V. S .:... $826,£20,t6f> . .777- 3.0
Outside ot New YorK . ■...; =
City 401,544,033 ...... 62
/■■■.V^' DOMINION OK CANADA. '"'
M0ntrea1..'..:......:.... : $7,418,868 ...... 22.4
Toronto... ....;:.. 5.3 9,181 ...... 1.6
Halifax..... .951.034; ...... 16 8
Winnipeg ..v....... 980,308 -.;.... 32.2
Hamilton ............. 668,227 ...... 8.9
T0ta15....... $15,353,398 ...... 12.2
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N.Y., April 10.— G. Dun & Co.
to-morrow will say In their weekly review of trade:
- . Failures for the past week have been 209 in the
United States against -07 last > year, and 33/ In
Canada against 27 last year. The volume of j busi- '
ness has not ,on the ■ whole increased, nor have
prices appreciably advanced since "April' l, when
the range for all commodities was the lowest ever
Known in this* country. Brea stuffs ana Iron
products have risen slightly, but some other arti
cles have declined, and the root of the matter is
that demand for consumption is still - below I expec
tations. - '-.■..■■ .-,■;.,-' , ,■-■..-;..■ „ :..;.,. ,T.
The jury done to winter wheat by storms and
frosts at the West would appear from reports to
have . been considerable. v Remarkably low : esti- ,
mates of condition ; are published ' by some ' State ■
authorities, and, while there may be the customary
exaggerations, there has evidently been much
actnal loss. ;- The reports 'are not more gloomy
.than a year ago, and the quantity of wheat which
has ' come ■ from farms :■ since August 1 has been •
163,781,594 bushels, against 129.075,460. for the
same da. last year. ••■ Stocks have been extremely
dull, and ye: railroad traffic Is ■ heavy. ■ Reports of
earnings have not improved; tueMarch statement,'
covering practically all the roaas usually report- \
ing, shows an increase of 4.2 per cent over last
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
year, but a decrease of 11.2 compared with ■ 1893,
and' is less satisfactory than returns of January or
February. *"■■.' ':. ■'• :;■■"• •:■'•.■■■■•. " : vyZ-C--' ■-'•'■ : "■<■<:
: Domestic business ■'■ reflected .by clearing-house
exchanges • continues about 20 per cent, smaller
than in 1893, though slightly better than last year,
the occurrence or Good Friday • accounting exact
comparison. Foreign ■ trade shows a decrease; of
nearly 10 per cent in exports for the week, though ;
as much increase in March, while imports sain
nearly 20 per cent, though in March the decrease
was 14 per cent. ■ The billet pool and oth-r combi
nations have raised prices of pig iron and steel,
but as yet finished products have trained scarcely
anything, nor has the demand for them increased.
. • The output April 1 was 190,281 .tons weekly,
against 189,583 March 1: but reports of stocks un
sold increased 68,168 tons in. March, or 13,132
weekly, and there is besides the unknown accumu
lation of the great steel concerns. " Prices for Lake
i ore are announced, as expected, $1 10 higher than
last year, and the coke combination makes no re
duction, but gradu lly lessens output. While the
purchases of plgiron, to anticiDate future wants,
have been heavy, consumption is - but moderate.
Minor metals are dull, but lead is weaker at 3.05 c
on forced sales West. • • --V.. . . . :
' Prices of boots and shoes do not change, though
leather and hides are a little stronger at Chicago,
receipts being small. Wool is weaker, with sales
for the week the smallest for many months. Prices
tend lower except for fine washed fleece, and man
ufacturers are rapidly reducing production. ' There
is a fair demand in the dress goods branch, but it
is estimated that not 3.40 per cent of the men's
wear machinery is at work. There have also been
cotton mills stopping or reducing time ; this week.
Further reduction in shirting prints to the lowest
point ever touched failed to increase the. demand'
noiiceably. . ■: . ' - . ■ '"•y--; *,■;"';
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. '.
Money on call has been easy at 3@3^V: last loan
at 3% and closed offered at 3*. Prime mercantile
paper, 6^96%. Bar silver, 68y±e. Mexican dollars,
J4^t<j. burling exchange easier, with actual busy
ness in banters' bills at *4 fcßyi for 60 Cays and
$4 t>B»/i@* 89 for demand. Posted rat««. *4 BBVa®
4 83V..- Commercial bills, *4 87%. Government
bonds tirm; State bonds dull; railroad bonds lower.
Silver at the board was steady. .
11.<'M>S« STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... .93 Norfolk <fc Wes".... Ye
Atchlson Islfc Preferred.., ... 034
Preferred 23y, Northern Pacific. ,ly*
Adams i-xpress. i Preferred....;.... lly*
Alton.TcrreHaute. 68 Nortnwestern if*
American Express. 1 11 Preferred ....... 145
American Tobacco. (B^N. Y. Central.;.... »<>
Preferred ....... 98 N. Y. Chicago*!*.!, J*
I3av State lias 39 I ?« preferred : '5 •
! fc«itimore«Ohlo.. 18 id preferred. SSifc
'• BranavMSlc Lands.. V3>. J. *N. H;.......1«0
I Buffalo. Roch & If. If'; N. Y.« New En«. 40
Canada Pacific. .. 6&V 2 *><. V fcusq ds W... *
, C*n»<ia Southern.. 4» 1 Preferred 22M,
Canton Land;...... 6°% Ontario. . ... *4
i Central Pacific .... ISJ-.ii Ontario & Western. 14 14
Che*-"* 0hi0....... 15 341 Oregon lmprovms. 1 '
' Chicago A1t0n.. ...1»«j I Freferreu ;.... — —
Preierrea. .... 170 Oregon Navigation. 19
Chicago, ti. & i»... 7 ' % Oreeon Bhors Untw 3VS
Chicago* K. 111... *"*cltLo Mu11....;.... 26%
Preferred jOI> , Peona, D.<fc Kvana, &y*
Cnicagouas!.'...... tjßy 2 !Plttsbunj & W pfd. 16
Clevedt Pittsbunt.l6o .Pullman Fa1ac«...166
i Consolidation Coai. tiV Quicksilver _ 1%
Consolidated Uas..l '-' : Preferred..;. ..„ 15
'C.C. C. &SU Lout*, 84 v Reaaing.. ..'... lOVi
Preferreu 8 5 KloUra^de<tW•»la 18
i Colo. Fuel dt iron., tf I Preferred... 45
Preferred !"> Rock Island 70% 1
i Cotton Oil cert.... l4i^ «omeWat&Ogdeall*
Commercial Cuble. 1 60 M. L. & H. W , 4&18 |
Del. Hudson 12« ; Preferred..:...... 10% :
; D«l.Lßck&\Vesi«rnl. ! )9. .i) Hi. Paul . 75 , V * I
' DenverdtK. v ...... 12 1 ' Preferred. .v lssVa
PreferrefiL........ 46%i'Bt. Paul* Duluta. 24
i Distillers 17%! Preferred *7
General Klecirlc... 37s /4 6t. Paul & Omaha. 38
Krle .- l*Va 1 Preferred 121
Preferred........ 88 ,Bt. KM.AM 110
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certincates.. tsßv*
GreatNorthernprcuXlO bouthern Pacina.. 19V*
Greenßay i^boutnern H. X... — 9 1
Harlem 29°' j Preferred......... ■ '2±> s .'»
C0a1...... * S 4 bnjrar Refinery.... 1 18 ;t ,i
i Hocking Valley... l^V* Preferred. 100 3 /i
HomesiaKe 3° Term. Coal & Iron. 3l»B /8
H. & Texas CenU. d • j Preferred :..... 100
: Illinois Central.... 9 1 Texas Pacific .... 8
■ lowa Central. 9 Tol.A.A.&N.aiica,— •
Preferred 8? ;'J 01. & Ohio Cen.... 44
Kansas* Texas.-. I 1 ' Preferred. .... 72
Preferred 2^' B t.Louls«fcK.C. 6V2
Kingston & Pern... 3 ! Preferred .. 10
i Lake Erie & Westa 17yJ Union Pacific BVs i
Preferred 693AJU P_ Den. * Unix. -•'-.+ !
1 Hie Shore 147 L .B. Corda«»... M .. 4f>,s :
National Lead-.... 24 Preferred 9
Preferred .8/ I Guaranteed....... 18
■ Lone Island 81' V. S. Express....™ 40
! Louisville & Nash. 49% U. & Leather X'/ 8 I
; JLou:sviUaNa<fcCa. 81,3 Preferred. ...... 61 : <* !
Preferred lh ,U. S. Ru0ber. ...... 265/8
: Manhattan Consoi.J 1 03^ Preferred. 84
Uempnis&CharUk 15 L'tlca&B. River.. lso
Mexican Central... da/,' Wab. B. L. & Pao.. 7
Michigan Central.. B'JiA Preferred......... lsy 8
Minn *S. 1......... ' W'ells-Fareo. 100
Preferred.........— Western Union.... b.i^a
I Minn. * St. L com. 19 WißCentraj ..;... 2 3 /4
Ist preferred 78i/ 2 Wheeling &L. £3.. »Va
preferred 60 1 Preferred. S.i l a
Missouri Paclflc.. 24 Am Cotton Oil pM. 69 A
Mobile* Ohio 23 W U Beef. 7 S A
Nashville Chaw.... 68 Ann Arb0r......:.. 9V±
National Linseed.. 18 ! Preferred... 25't
J N. J. Central los l^ Brooklyn Traction. MlVt
I North American... 5Va
CIO \« BOVTM.
L"B4n. rec ..108l/ 4 M X T2ds I 63
Co, 4s coupon... 1119 Do, . 8014
C 6 4b new reg..... 117 Mutual Union 65.. .113-
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..117 . N J Cent Gen 55...117 i/a
Dais.. 95 Northern Vac lsutllS
Do, 6s 113 V* 1 bo, 2d5...........11U3 / i
Do. bs CoUDon....ll;<i 2 : Do. 30m 75
Cfceroke«4s. IJJ9«. 100 ' ; ortnwest'cdnaolJL J
D 0.189- 100 Do, deb Da 108i>a
Do. 1898 .100 OK AN lsta.. 110
Do. 1899».. 100 BiL&ironMtQen'si 77V«
I'»clflc6so{'»s.... 'kit. Lift SFG«n 6«.1P63/j,
D. C ;3' 6 os .10914 Bl Paul Consols . .138
Ala Class A 4 106 ku P. C. & Palsu.ll6i/ 4
Do. Class 84, 6s. 1 0 I Do, Pac Cal ists_ 107
Consol4s. 9714 eouthera K. R. Os. 90s/ 8
Ulßsourl tunam*..—— (Texas Pacific firsts H8i 3
X CaroUnacon 65.. 122% Texas Pac seconds, a I*4,
■Do, *» ....105 UnionPaolstof9B.lo4
fo Carolina 4 Vss... 108 ; West Shore 4s. ..lOoVa
lennnawas 87 1 Mobile & Ohio 4s 553, i
V a funding aeDt... 60% Grand e\V eat 75
f°. n f Cbes<SO6s 107
l>o. deferred eg. „ 6 Atchlson 4* 778,4
Do. trust rcDts st 6 i Do. 2ds A .»:...-. 2-13?
Canada Boutli2as.. 104 OHit B A 6«. 105
Cen Pac lsuor '95 100 Do. 2d 7s. "100
Den &r Gi st 113 H 4 Tex Cent 6... 108
T %°-* «»W D0.c0n6»........1<J3Va
srle2(5 rle 2(1 8 •..— 6514 Reading 4».. -78%
Kansas Pa Consols 73% Missouri ««......,. 100
ik» fa, lsu Den dlvlO9 1
, . FOREIGN MARKETS.
'■ ■ ■ 'WHEAT IN I-IVBRPOOI. ' ' • '
LIVEKPOOD, Enh., April 10.— The spot market
Is quiet at. 6s 7%d@ss By a d- Cargoes dull at 27s
9d arrived. . ■ ■;--,-■
' ' ' FCTCBKS. ' . : ■ : ,- : '
The Produce Exchange cable elves thefollowinc
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April
fs 6%d; May, 7d; June, 5s 7d; July, 63 7%d;
August, 6s 73/^d. •. . ■ • *i ,7 '
SECURITIES. .  - '•
LONDON', Eso.. April 10. -Consols, 110 13-16;
silver, 31 S-16d; French Rentes, lOlf 26c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange. Bight — 4 8«V»
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight..'.'..". — ■ 06
New York Exobange, telegraphic — • 10
Fine Sliver, "ft ounce.... — 681 A
Mexican Dollars ....; 55 60
PEODUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AKl> OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Prices show no change and the mar
ket exhibits no noteworthy future. JS'o. 1, $1 07y 3
@1 083/ i; choice, $1 10@l liy 4 : lower grades, $1
@1 06V4: extra choice for milling, $1 16@1 20. '
CALL BOARD SALES. ' £• :•' ■•">'' ~'-Z' '.!-;
Informal Pkssiok— lo o'clock — December—
800 tons. $ 1 08y g ; 200, $1 09. May— loo, SI 07%:
100. $107%. ■ ■■■
Kkocus Mobniso Session— May— loo tons.
$1 07%. December— loo, $1 8%.
Afternoon Session — December— loo tons,
$1 091/41 700,91 093/«. May-200, $1 08; 100,
083 g; 900, $1 08V*. ■> .* v '
•BAKJjEY— :.otiiiii< new. - Feed, 68 : <4©71Vic »
ctl; choice, 72%@733,ic- $ ctl; Brewing, 80&86&
' W.I. BOARD SALKS. . .'. .
Infobmai, BKBSION— IO o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May — 100 tons.
72c.j ■ \_ \ ■:.-".-,., ■
Afternoon' Session — December— loo tons.
71 %c: 100. 71 84 c. ....,. -
OaTS— Continue quiet. Milling, 76(a82V»c <»
ctl; fancy. Feed, Bi!i^@B7i^c: Rood to. choice,
76@80c; common to fair, 67Va(S»72J/2C; Gray, 72Va
@80c; Surprise, 90c@$l V ctl. . .
CORN— Yellows are lower and hard to sell.
Large Yellow. 87V2@»8»ic: ' Small Bound do,
971/2 C: White. 8-.sV2<SlßblAc * ctl. ■
It VE-77 V 2 %* ctL . .--• •• '
BUCKWHiiAT— 868&OC f» ctl.
FLOUR AND MIJLLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 75@3 85: Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75@3 "$ bbl. •'. ' ■-: -  '; :
' CORNMEAL. •■ ETC. — Feed Corn, ?20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 %i ton. f ; '.'' > V .'';
■ MILLsTUFFS— Prices in 10-tt> sacks areas fol
lows, usual discount 10 the trade: - Graham Flour
si a ,ic; Aye Flour, »V4c; Rice Flour, 7V»c; Corn
meal, 2% (Si3c: extra : cream do, 31/2 C: Oatmeal;
33/ c: Oat Uroats, 4V c; Hominy, 4fa4y c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, S>/ a c; Farina,
4i/ 2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; xlqlled oats, 4V 2 c;
Pearl Barley, 4 Vie I - Split Peas, 4%c; . Oreen do,
BVkc %* Ib. ,j _ . ■■•■■■. ■<-.-■-.: ,: ' .. .-
HAY AND FHKDSTUF.F3.
. -~- ":■ . •?: " ' ' 7-.: ..:-
BRAX-Higher again atsl4@l4 60 "& ton.
MIDDLING S-Hlgher at«l7@lß 9 ton for lower
grades and $18 50@19 50 # ton for the best. : •
, FEEDSTUFFa — Rolled V Barley, :■ $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal .at the mill. *20 , * • ton; I ; Jobbing.
$21; Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 •$ ton. -i '
- .-■< HAY— Fair demand at the same old prices. -Re
ceipts are moderate. '.Wheat, ?B@ll 50 f> ton; Oat,
$B@9: Wheat and Oat. *8@11: Barley, $7@9: Al
lalfa,: $7(g»9 : Clover. < $6<g>B 50; Compressed, *7
@10 50; Stock. !ji6(»7 ion. / .
STRAW— H bale. . ' , '
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
'' BEANS — Bayo3,'.?l@l* 10; 1 small Whites,
j*l 13Va®l 60; Pea, ?f 1 10@l 40 « ctl; Large ,
Whites, *I@l 15 $ ctl ; ■: Pink. i 90c®»l 10: Reds.
$125; Ulackeye, nominal : Red Kidney. $176;
Llmas,' $2 45©2 60; Butters,sl 60®l 70. ' •
REEDS— l.rown Mustard is quotable at $1 50®
2 525 %* ctl : Trieste. $2@2 50; ; Yellow Mustard,
$1 40®l r.O; Flax, $1 70@l 80;: Canary, 23/ %i lb; :
Alfalfa, 7V 2 @9'/ 3 c ■$ Ib: Rape. 2v 3 c % lb; Hemp,
31 ■»(' Ttt. ■■■■ : ' , ■- '■.'.• " - "■ ■ ", - '
; DRIED ■ PEAS-81 25@1 40 » Ctl tor NUes
and $1 25@1 45 for Green. . - . • '." . ", :
POTATOES, .ONIONS,- VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— ' all descriptions of old are
higher and the market is very ilrm. New Potatoes,
*A@l l Ao-V Ib; illver Burbanks, 25@35c # sack;
Oregon Burbanks. ■ 35@70c j%i ctl: ' Oregon Garnet'
Chiles, 70@85c; Early Kose, So@4oc; Petalumas
and Tomales,' : 40@50c '$ sack; Humboldt Bur
banks. 50@65c ctl. . , .-
ONIONS'— There are hardly any California
Onions coming In at the moment. Oregons sold at
$1 :>on,i 75 % ctl, a sharp advance, and the mar
ket is very stiff. '. ■ ' ' " " '
VEGETABLES— were 680 boxes As
paragus and 283 boxes Rhubarb and* 119 eacKS
Peas. ■• . . ... ■:•.-.■ \ : ■-""■ -" . ■
Asparagus and Peas sold higher under the lighter
receipts. . •
Egg Plant, ■; Summer Squash, — — "$ lb;
Mexican Tomatoes, $2 25@2 60^ box: Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $1 60©2 $) box: Cucumbers, 50c@$l
doz; Asparagus, $) 25@2 25 -t* box for ordinary
and $2QO@2 75 forextra; Rhubarb, 26@76c; Dried
Peppers, 10@12i/ a c: Green Peppers, 12 Va«; Green
Peas, 2®3c '& )b: String Beans, 8@10e; Dried
Okra, l.Vac: Cabbage, 40c ~& ctl; Garlic, 6@6c %»
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20 V- ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
. POULTRY— A number of narrow changes will
be observed. : ...
Live Turkeys, 14@16c ¥» !b for Gobblers. 14®
16c iB ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 17c; Geese **
pair, $1 60@2; Ducks, $4 60@8 f* doz for old
auu Bx@9 for young: Hens, $4@5: Roosters
young, $7 50@9 50 : do. old, $4 25@5: Fryers. $8 60
(37: Broilers, $s'so@6for large and $3 60®4 60 for
small; Pigeons, SI 50@l 76 for young and $1 50
@1 75 for ola..
GAME-Hare, 75c@l %l dozen ; Rabbits, »1 26
for Cottontails ana $1 $ doz tor small. ■ -
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— were heavy and Included
349 boxes from Humboldt creameries. Prospects
are for large | receipts from the northern coast.
The market is very weak with heavy stocks.
Cheamery— Fancy, 14@14V2<:; seconds, 13®
I3y a c 9 a.. '..... -. ': . ..-.- ::■<«■;•!
Dairy— Fancy, ; 13c 9 lb: good to choice, 12@
12V 2 c; lower grades, ll@liy a c.
Eastern— . ■■• ■■■' " ' " Cf .-.
CHEESE— Continues to decline under increasing
receipts. Fancy mild new. 9@9V2 C : common to
good, 7@BVic: Cream Cheddar, ll@12c: Young
America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 13
@14c.- . ■ : .:.-' .-; ■;. " ■**■'
" EGGS— Continue, to improve slowly. The de
mand is tood. store Engs. ll 0 doz; ranch
Eggs, 12<u,l^i 2 c; Duck Eggs, 16c i* doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI 50@2 f% box for good to choice,
75c(a$l 25 for common to fair, and $2 25@2 50 for
fancy.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 30
chests, selling at 45@65r drawer for Lomovortus
and 3ft@4oc for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons are in overstock.
Limes are about out, but fresh supplies will proba
bly be on the. market to-day. Oranges are
quotable at $1 25011 75 %* box for Seedlings,
$•2 L'. r ii3,o 50 for Navels and ?'J@3 for Malta
Bloods; Lemons, 75cig>l 50 for common and $ 2(g)
2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, nominal;
California Limes, $1: Bananas, $l®li f4 bunch;
Pineapples are nominal. -
DKIKD FRUITS, KAISIN'S, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange: . .
, Carload Lots— Apples. \y^Siiy^c 1?. lb for quar
tered. 2@3c ? Ib for sliced and 414 cIS lb for
evaporated: Peaches, 3^@4c % lb and sV2@6c for
fancy: Deeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots 7Va@BVic
for mime. to choice. 9Vgc for fancy and 10:4,1
V Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2^c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc In sacks: Pears. 7c "$
Kb for evaporated halves, 4@6V2C % lb for quarters;
Prunes, 3Vi@3y 2 c; Plums, 4c fi Tb for pitted and
lV<,(3;2VaCfor unDitted- Nectarines, 6(gj6c %i tbfor
prime to choice and y» c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4y 2 e
$ 1b: sun-dried,. li/js(#2c %♦ Ib; Peaches, 3@4c
f» Ib and Be %4 Ib for fancy; peeled in boxes, 10
@12 1 /^c; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6cfor4o@so'a
and 5c for 60@60's: Apricots, . 6(g,9i.0c for prime to
choice. 10@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, |
/ i@23 / ic: White Figs. 3@sc: Pears, 6i 2 c for
evaporated halves ' and bwiSVaC tor quarters;
Plums. 3%@4c for pitted and l@;l%c for unpit
ted; Nectarines. 4@oc 1? lb for prime to choice.
RAISES AND DRIED GKAPES— Prices are
us io lows, .carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85(gi90c box: four-crown, loose,
3%c ■$ lb; three-crown, loose, 2Vic "j* lb; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas. 33,4@4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2y 2 @2 3 /ic: three-crown London layers.
7f>(a9oc; clusters, 81- 36@1 60: Dehesa clusters,
*"-' 10@2 '.'5: Imperial clusters, $2 t>o@2 76; Dried
Grapes, 2 Vie IS lb. . ■ .
jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose. Sc; 3
crown, 2>/4@2Vac: 2-crown, 134@'_'c- SeedlessSul
tanns, iS*,±rg,ic; Seedless Muscatels, 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@P0c: clusters. SI 40@l 50;
Dchesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial Clusters, *2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2c —
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 6@Bo 13 Ib;
Walnuts, 8<&10c for No. 1 hard «nd lO@l2 for pa
per, joDblnsr lots; Almonds, 6(ic7y 3 c for Langnedoc
and Si.4@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@
6c for Eastern and 'Si' 2 <3ii\ 2 c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecmis,"6c tor rough and 8 ' for pol
ished; lberts, Bfii9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y @Bc^tt>;
Cocoanuts. $4 60@5 $i 100. .
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c $ lb or
bright and B@9c %< Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, s@si^c ji Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4i4@434c:dark amber, 4c; dark, 2<g>3c
BEESWAX— 24<i*27e i* lb.
; • ;: PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is weak and dealers are
cutting. Hams rule firm. Bacon, tic '■&> Ib for heavy,
7c %>, lb for light medium, 9o 'gilb for light, 10c for
extra light and 12c %4 Ib for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured -Hams, Jli/tjc: California Hams.
10c ■$ Jb; Mees Beof, .$8 t* bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, $9 $ bbl:
extra clear. 914 $ bbl: mess, $13 ft bbl: Smoked
Beef. 10c A tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6Vie V lb for
compound and 6%c for pure; pails, 7^c; Cali
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6V2C for pure;
half-bbls, 714 c; 10- lb tins, 8c; do 5-tt>, 81/4 Cf» tb. ■
COTTOLENE— 63/ic in tierces and 75/.c $ lb In
10- tins. ,-■•■•
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 6%
@7c; culls and brands. 6 y 2 @6c: medium. 2 @6c;
culls and brands, ,4Vi®sc: light, sc: culls and
brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c 1?. Ib; culls and brands. 4c;
salted Kip. Be ■& Ib: salted Calf, 8c 18 lb: salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, .9@loc: culls and brands 7V»c;
ary Kid ana Veal. 'B<&9c: culls, • BV^c; -dry ' Calf,
Ibc; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o@3sc each: Kids. Be:
Deerskins, good summer, 25(&30c: medium, 1550
25c; winter, .10c; sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
16c each; short wool, 20@35c each medium, 40
@50c each long wool, 65c each. ' Culls of all kinds
about i/oc less. ■ , • , •--•-::
* TALLOW— So. l, f rendered, 3V @4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 5V 2 @53/ic: Grease., 2Vac %■• Ib. ■ ■'• * .
WOOL— We quote Sprint: SanJoatjuin and
Southern Coast, 6 months, 4©60 "& Ib: San Joa
quin. foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San Joaquin,
year's fleece. 4 l t>@6Vb<*> , ■
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c i* tb.
; GENERAL ..MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 25; San Quentin. $ 1 20: Wool Bass, 24(526c.
COAL — Harrison's circular says: ;. "During the
week there have been six arrivals from the coast
colleries, with 9984 tons of Coal: from Australia
and Swansea 9646 tons. The quantity at band for
the week is about 8.00 tons less than the amount
consumed, hence stocks In th«, yard am beins
gradually diminished. • There iis , no | change (of
values perceptible and trade is fair.- The inclement
weather . the past few days has created a demand
fur domestic uses, thus aiding the retail trade, and
the orders for steam purposes run along about the
same, as the weather cuts no figure in this line of
consumption. The question daily discussed among
Coal importers is the possible ; spread of the strike
among the Newcastle Coal producers. •■ Nothing
definite has so far developed itself except the re
port by cable that two ;of ■; the • colleries -may
suspend their operations temporarily." Welling
ton is quotable at .$8 1$ • ton: • New Welling
ton. $8 ton; Southfield /Wellington, $7 50 «l
ton:' Senttie, $5(&5 50: Brvaut. *5 50: Coos Bay .
$4 50: Wallsem!. $6 50: Scotch.s7 50: Brvmbo,
S7 50; Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite ' Kgc, *13: Welsh An
thracite Egg, — -;-.Cannel, $8: - Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and .Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
10 50 in bulk and 812 50 ?! ton in sacks. ' •
•'- RICE- Chinese mixed, $3 2S@3 45: No. 1, $3 50
f!3 70 c:l; extra No. 1, $3 Bi>@4 10; Hawaiian.
$■', 50; Japan, $3 6 Ma, 4 12V : Rangoon, $3 10
%i ctl. v •;■:>- -.'-- ■•'■ - :« V>- i'■ ■ ''■:'■:.<■ ":.;■■,..:. ■-,-:
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hennery Company
quotes terms net cash: Cube. ■ Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c;
Confectioners' A. 5%c; Magnolia A, 6 Vfec: Extra
C, 6c: i Golden C, - 4%c: half-barrels, -Vie more
than barrels, and boxes V->c more. ■••- — > -.- •-• -
f SYRUP-Goiaen, in bbfs,, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
«*gal. .;•< _^_L____ ■■' :: -?' ; :Kv« ; .V I rT~V.v";
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
1 Hogs continue weak". No change in the other
descriptions. Wholesale rates for dressed = stock ;
from slaughterers are as follows: * ' .' •
: ■ BEEF— i'irst ' quality. - 5V c: ; '-* second quality,
4V 2 @sc: third do, 3V @4c '& lb. !
. VKAij-Large. s@ttc: small, 6@7c ft.
.. MUTTON — Wethers, «c; E%ves, sV a c i* lh.
;LAMB— Spring Lamb. 7c %» Ib. a. • -
PORK— Live Hogs, 33 / i'ol!s%c "& Ib for large and '
3%@4c for small; dressed do, si/ @6i4c 9 lb. Jv ;-. -
RECEIPTS OF; INTERIOR PRO DUO JB \
;• _■■■-■ ; .'.'.'. FOB 24 HOURS. . ■••' •- ' •
Floor, or. «k5...... 2. 323 Straw, t0n5........ 16
T- 0reg0n:..... ..;.. 10.358 Bran, mc 5..7...;..« 1,400
Wheai ctls ..;;•.:. 4,425 Butter. ctls .....' 441
Barley. cil» ....... 2,los Cheese, ctls 204
Oats, ct15........... ;i?6 Eggs. d0z.... ...... 20,490
■ 0reg0n......;:..: - :- 60 Leather, rolls ...i 127
Corn, ctls :.«.'- l,U)o|Ulaes. n0.. ........ 28S
Rye, ct15.:...v...;vi 885 Pelts. Ddls .... . 558
Bean V 5ic*..... ;...f 650 Wool, b1»..........i- - 635
Potatoes, •»»......: 795 Wins, eals. .64,5200
•■■• Oregon.::. „•.-..;..' 4,2 1 4 Tallow, ctla. ;...."..-■* 126
Hay, tons. .....'.. 202 Borax, ct15...... ...'269
Middling*, 5i5..... 283 Paper, reams...... 780
. 0reg0n .......... ~ 600 Lime, bb1».. ...,.« 360-
FAMIIiY KETAII, MARKET.
Batter and Cheese are cheaper. Eggs are un
changed.
Poultry and Meats sell at last week's prices and
Fish shows little change.
Strawberries are cheaper. Onions are dearer and
so are Tomatoes. Other fruits and vegetables show
little chang*.
Following is Thi Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
COAIi— PER TOW.
Cannel -@10 OO'PleasantVal 0 50@10 00
Wellington. — @10 OOlSouthfleld
New Wei- Wellington — @ fl 50
lington.... —@10 00 ' Scotch — <3 950
Seattle 7 OOiS) 7 SOjCoos Bay... 6 50® —
Castle Gate. 9 50@10 00
' -','. ■■ - ■ DAIRY PKODCCE, ETC. " k. -• ■
Butter, fancy, $t 1-, Cheese, Eastern.. .ls@2o
sQuare ...30®35 ; Cheese, Swiss... 20<a>30
..do, 'f, r011........30c<a— Common Es:e3..l2Va@ —
do. choice .....25W— RanchK^srs%»dzl2V3<a»lß
Ordinary ao — fi) — | Honey, comb, ?i1b.12®15
Cheese, Cal 12© 15 do, extracted.... B@l2
MEATS — PF.B POUJfD.
Bacon 12(S17 : Pork, fresh 12@1 5
Beef, choice 12@15 : Pork, salt 10@12
do, good B@loi Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef 8@ — ' Round Steak 8(B>10
Ham, Cal 12V2(<*15 Sirloin Hteak...l2iA^ —
do, Eastern 15@— Porterhouse, d0...1v&20
Lard 12(a)15; Smoked Beef — <3>15
Mutton 1C(&J — Pork Sausages — @20
Spring Lamb 10@12 1 Veal 10@15
POULTRY AND GAMH.
Hens, each 80® 60 Turkeys, fl lb.. — ffl 20
Young lioost- IDucks. each... 6Uffil 00
era, each 75® 90 Geese, each 17 s(i*Vi 00
Old Boosters, ; Pigeons, pr.. 40® 50
each 50@ 00 Kabbits, %< pr. . Hs@ 40
Fryers, eacb... —(§ 75, Hare, each 15(a> 20
Broilers, each.. 40($ bo
. , -<■,-•/ ' - FRUITS AND JTDT9. •
Almonds, « ft 12@15 Oranges, "& d0z....10®80
Apples, $ 1b. ...... 6<§ 8 [ Pears, $ tt>.........10@12
Bananas, doz...ls@2OKaisins, ¥Ib 5iq,15
Cocoanuts, each... Straw oerrles, ;
Lemons. H d0z....16@20 iji basket 10(£20
Limes, %4 d0z.,....12@15 Walnuts, %4 It) 16® —
'.' '/";" ■',- .-•" ' ' VF.OKTAP.I,E». ; !"
Asparagus. $ tb... B@lOMn3hrooms, lb.. — @ —
Artichoko3, 1 3lr'fa!, Squash, %i lb 5® —
Beets,^doz.. Onions, %>< lb 4@ f>
Beans, white %?lb.2V2<ai 5i Peppers, green, l3 tb — ($25
Colored. » 1b...2y 2 ® M Parsnips, <p aoz. ...IB@'JO
Lima. %* tt).. ../.. 4© 6 l J otatoe.s, %4 1b..... 2@.3
Cabbage, each..... 6@lo do. Sweet. 3* lb.. 4© 6
Cauliflowers, each. 6(2> 8 Rhubarb, f* tb... . 3@' 5
Celery, %* bunch... sfa> — Radisnes.33dzbchs.lJ!@l&
Cress. <lzbunchß.'JUia2s 1b..... 2&@35
CncutDber. 1 8d0z.75@l 0«> String BeaDS,^ lli.lDto —
Garlic, %> tt»....;..:.8@10 Thyme, ¥> lb 20@30
Green Peas, f* lb.. Sfqi —Turnips, doz — 15@20
Lentils, %» 1b. ...... 6@ » Tomatoes, %i 1b. ... 12@!aO
Lettuce, %i d0z..,. 15@20 ,-.%:;•:
'■ yisii— per pound.
Barracuda ........ 15® — Shad — @10
Carp.. 8(5(10;5ea8aa3...... — (3> —
Codfish..... -r^i2i5me1t5..............15@ —
F10under5. .........15fin — Soles .'...•. 15(3l —
Halibut 12<SU5;Skates. each.......11)@12
Herring 10@12iSturgeon ... —(SI —
Kingflsh............lUcd)l2Toracod ...15@1R
Mackere1 :......... — (<$ — X'lams, V- gal. . . — (g>ls
do, H0r5e......... —& — Do, hardshell, "$
Perch ... . ;. lO® —\ 100. ... ...:....... 50® —
Pomoano 75<» — Crabs, each 12@1 5
Kockflsh. 15fa> — Do. BOftshell, ¥>. dz.25@35
Salmon, smoked.. .2oTq) —'Mussels, ift qrt 10®15
Salmon, tre5h......12@15 Oysters, Cal,s 100.40(gi —
Shrimps SCdtlU'Uo, Kastern, 'fi dz.v;s(3> —
THE STOCK MAEZET.
Yesterday was another weak day in mining
stocks. Ophir dropped to 96c; Occidental was ac
tive at 86@92c. The other stocks were several
cents below Thursday's figures. The close was
weak at falling prices.
The Alaska-Wllioughby Gold Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 20c, delinquent May
25, and the Kate Hayes Mining Company of
Nevada one of f 1 25, delinquent April 24.
The Boston and Montana Gold, Silver and Cop
per Mining Company has declared a quarterly
dividend of $2 per share, payable May '20.
The following local corporations will pay divi
dends April 15: San Francisco Gas, 35c: Oakland
Gas, 25c ; Edison Light and Power, 66*30; Pacific
Telephone and Telesraph, 30c; Sunset Telephone
and Telegraph, 20c; Bank of California, $3 ; Ne
vada Bank, $1 50; . and Sntter-street Railroad
ComDany, $1 25. On April 13 the Alaska Packers'
Association will pay a monthly dividend of 76e,
and on April 20 the Hutchiuson Plantation will
pay one of 15c.
■ Local corporations paid dividends yesterday as
follows: Spring Valley Water 50c, San Jose
Water 50c ajii Pacific Gas Improvement 50c for
the month. The Marin County Water Company
paid a quarterly dividend of 75c, and the Market
street Railway Company also paid one of 60c. I
The Hale & N'orcross Company, having refused
to further contribute to the expense of developing
ths Brunswick lode. Superintendent Kerwin has
telegraphed to stop all work in the^Norcross por
tion of the ground where the combination of Com
stock companies are operating. Work at all 01 her
points on the Brunswick lode will continue as
before. .
BOARD SALES.
Following were ths sales In the San Francises
Stocu Board yesterday: • ..:' :>Y~.'^,'
BEOCUBUOBXI.VO SESSION COMMENCING 9:30.
100 Aipha 06; 50 CC&V . .1.65 200 0vrmn....10
.200 A1ia..... ...0K BO ...... ....1.70 150 Potosl .....27
100 Belcner...4l '200 « &C...;.. 21 100 ...26
1000 8u11i0n.. 05 100 H<feN ....1.30 700 Savage 30
550 dialing... 22 100 Justice. .. .o6Boo Seg 8e1... 13
200 Ch011ar:...41 300 Occid:....Btt!3oo S Nev....58
201) Conn 761:00 871200 57
100 ...: 75 700 BSSOO Utah 05
50 ...........74500 Ophir. .1.001400 V Jackt...33
ArTERSOON s'KSSION— •
100 Andes. ...25150 Conti 70200 Oohlr 98
100 Beicner...4l 500 H&N .-..1.261100 0vrmn....09
6U ...........40 60 Mexican.. 37,2oo Savage.. ..J9
• 100 Bodle 35400 Occldtl. ..92250 8 Nev.1...58
300 Cha11?e... 23.400 91300 Uni0n. ...61
100 Ch011ar.... 39100 ...._......90 ; 300 V Jackt...33
650 CC&V.. 1.651200 ......... 891 ■ .
: Following were the sales in tha Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday : ■...*- - . -> r ■
. • »K«rus bfssion— lo:3o.
500 Alpha.. OB 100 Crwn Pt...34,500 Ophlr 98
400 A1ta.......08 200 Exchqr...o3 ! 200 0vrmn....10
200 Andes.:.. 2 6 300 G & C... ..21 900 P0t051. ....26
600 Belcher... 4 l|4oo H& N 1.J7V2 :400 Savage..:.
200 ....;.. .....42 500 Justice. ...osJßoo Scorpion.. o3
500 ......;..... 400 Kentuck.. o3 58& M...13
200 Biß 49 100 Mexican..39,4oo S Nev.....6S
600 8u11i0n... 05600 ..SK7OO ...._ .57
200 Cha11ue...22 600 0cc1d..i..88300 Union C...54
800Choiiar....4l[800 91200 ...... ......52
60 CCA V... 1.70 400 ...........92300 Utah 05
500 ..:r....1.67Vai800 Ophlr... 1.00 400 V Jaclcet..33
50C0nn......741200 ....991
• ./ AFTKRNOON 8K8SION— :S0. ■
1000 Alnha..,o6i 50 Conn 721950 0ph1r....
300 Alta. 200 C P01nt....34 .100 98
900 Andes.... 26 ZOO .33 200.... 97
700 Belcher 40800 Exchqr... o34oo 0vrmn....09
V! 00 B«fc B 491600 0 & C 22200 Potosi 25
100 80die.....36 200 HAS 1.27% 1000 Savage. .29
50T) 8u11i0n. ..05 300 ......■...'.1.25 600 Scorpion..o3
100 Uu1wer.... 231^00 Justice.. ..os 300 S Nev 57
500 Caled..: .:.O5 500 Kentck....o3 400 Union ....50
300 Challnge..22 260 Mexican.. 3B,2oo ............49
200 Ch011ar...39 200 36 300 Utah 04
300 :..... 38 100 M0n0... ..11 300 VJack«l..32
550 CC*V...1.G5;200 0ccd. "....'. 91 200 ...:;... ....33
200 .......... I^2oo .....88500 .............31
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. FRIDAY, April 10-4 p.*.
■■ Bi*.Atim.\ •■■". Bl'i.Alktd.
•Alpha C0n..... 06 ■ C7jJ«ck50n.. ...... 40 —
. A 1'a..... 08 ,-09j Julia. .04 05
Andes ..'■•' 24 .26 Ju5tice......... 05 07
Belcher — 39 KentucK. .-... — — 05
Best <fc Belches. 47 .48 Lady Wash.... — .05
.Bodie... _ .35 ." 36 Mexican ...„. 36 37
8u11i0n.. .„..«. :04 05 Mono ..... .' 11 12
Bnlwer ........ 20 22 Nevada Queen. — 05
Caledonia....;. 05. 07 Occidental '86 88
Challenge (Joa. 22 24|0phir. .......... 90 98
Choliar ..„....' 36 37 (Overman ..;... 09 .10
Con. Cat &Va. 1.60 1.65 I'otoa :......... 26 26
Con. Imperial. 01 02 fcavpjte.. ;„'.... 28 29
Confidence.. ... 67 68! teg. Belcher... 11. 13
Con.NewYorK. — ■ 04 tlerra Nevadx 56 67;
Crown Point... 31 .32 Scorpion ...... OH 05
KasttiierraMav — "04 Silver Hi 11..... 01 02
Kxchequer.....' 03 04 Syndicate .... 01 02
Eureka Con...'. — • 2. > Union con 48 60
. Could «t Curry. 21 ■22 Utah...........'. 03 . 05
Hale «fc.NorcM. 1.20 I.26|Veliow Jaokas. 30 ' 32
X-s GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Ama1ie. ........ 1851 Lockwood Con . .
100 :.......:.... 190500 ............ ..... 29
Champion ;.....■■• 1100;..:....- ;„ so
Bid ............:..... 16001200 ....'..-.....;..... 81
2500 Grant........... 27 1200 32
2000-...;..  26 Providence ■■-',
500.:..... 29 1700 Savannah "32.
• Kennedy......: -300 Thorpe ..: 88
I Bid :................. 1400100 ..........: 89
■ Keystone...:. 1 :. (Bid.-....;.. Z5 00
Bid :........... .....65 00 .
A5ked. ............. 70 00| '! ".-
'■'■';■■:. ' • I.OCAI. SECURITIES. ' • .- ' ' V
Bid 60 Hawaiian Commercial . 18 50
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 10-2 p. if.
■Jfji;-;:^'/ •; ; ,r;ciTKi) statiss W.ISD*. . ; ;■■.', .
.■■-.- .<: Sift. Atked. * . ... Bid. Asked.
O B4seoup..lohi/i - US 4s reg...lOßi/ 4 —
Do, new 15...116V2117V2 : ; . ..." -..//...
- ' "'.. '"■; • ' jiisoki.i.an KOUB B^SDI. •
Cal-BtCbles».inVall3Vi'Do. 2d iss Bs. — — ■■'
CalElecL6s.llO - P&O.Ry 65.105 , 120
CntraCW6s. — ; 95; PdtChjßy6s. — 107%
Dpnt-st ex-op 77 85 Pwl-st.RR6«. — 116 V*
EdsnL.fcP6s.lia ' ■'-■ —". Reno.WL<fcli — 106
F*CHRR6s. — v 1051/2 KlverW Co6s — i 100 '
«earv-stßss. 100 V 3 — t'actoP * L..100 10284
LosAncL6i. — 101 tSFANPRRSsIOiy IO2Vi)
Do,Gnted.6s. - 103 bPRRAriz — - 94 
41kt-BtCble6sia3V2 — ■*• KPRRCaI6v. 107V4 — ■
D0ßyC0n65..1063/ 8 107 SPxtKCalOs.. _,-.-J
NevCNgß7s. 99V4 99% Si'BrßC»J6s. — . 98 i
SPCKJR6S.IOS* — !«VWat«r6*. — 120
KRy Cal 6s". , — 103y 3 BY Water4s.. - 99% — ;
NBy col ss. — - StkinO<fcJ£6» '■■ — IOOV2
Oak Gas 65.. 103 • 104 Vi SunstT<feT6» 100 ■- — <
Do. 2d lss ss. 103 •: — -,■ Hutter-stßss. 110 . — :
Omnibus 65.. 118% -' VisaliaWfo* — 92 -',
PacKollMtSa.. — — ■-;,;;: .
."' .- ".''. • "' WATKR BTOCK^. '.
Contra Costa 36 '3H 1 San J055....: 75 100 ;
MarlnCo.... 4j — ,~ ISpringVaUeylOOi/sIOOV*
f:' ■; ■ : " '. : ' ' KA«t«TI>CK-l. • ; '.'■'' .■"• *.*.* ', . ■
Capital ......^—4o Pacific Light. 44 45i/o
Central.. ..95 ■: — ■:- Ban*rancsco S4, 84 V2
OiIcOLJH. 6J - 53 ' Stockton...., — VlVa
facUuXm^. 81\3 82 Wi 7. .' '*
>V \''':'i'J-'- "':.i'issuii'».Nci;,»TOCKi ■: V •-■.'■ ; ■ ,
FlrejnansFd.l7o ISO |8ua;.'.;.V..;".. 40 r — ;
- .V,. . COMMERCIAL BANK RTO!>KI
AnjerßATC. — .';. — : |Lon<lonP«a:A.l2B 182%
Anglo-Cal... ■-•— 60 LondonasjF. — 27%
Bank of CaL..i537%24U iMerch Kx_ la ' —
Calßr><ftTCa. -- -• 57%' Nevada " — —
l'imNatlonl.l7B 182 v 2 l bather BCoL — —
• Grangers.... : —. : — A ; ...
. • , C -. BAVIN-OB BANK STOCKS. ■
GerS*LCo..J4IO 1460 Sav&Loan.. — 101
HnmbS&li.llOO 14!MJ Security. _ 260
Mutual.:...:. 37% 40 Union Truss. — 820 ■
bi>' bavUnion —v. 490 | ~
._'■'■■ :;. . , BTKKKT RAILROAD RTncKl, . ■
California.... 108 .■* — |Oak,BL&Hay — 100 "
Ueary-st 60 7^%'l-re51ai0...... _ 9
Market-3t.._ ;4ti% 47. .Sutier-5:...,,. — _ '
'* pow-1/icr stock*. ■••'
Atlantic D... 16 16s.i Judson : *^.;: :^;^:
California.:.. —--98. Vigont.. "7 ■—■'j 1
tilanu 181,4 19 I • .
Alaska Piers. .90;, 94 OceanlcSSCo 21 25 •
BlkDCoalCo. - 10 PacAuxFA-. i _
CalCotMUls.. .■■— - Borax. «• 98 100
CalDrvDoclc. — — Pacl&xdi — • an
Edl»on Light 105 107% Roll Mill 29V. 4'2V.
GasConAssn. — — IPartPalntCa. a 71?
Ger Lead Co. 88 — I PacTranaGot — 34^*
HawCASCa. 398,4 i»7/ 8 PacT&TUa P4IA 70
HutchSPCa. 19% lSs^bunsetT&T.. 41^* _
JudsonMfgli , — _ lUnltedOOo.. — &
MerExAssalOU 110 t
■ ": . ynsvixn sTwsrnv
Board— 66 Hawaiian 7 Commercial, 20- 75 do
19%: 60 Hutchinsou S P Co, 19V*; K» « V Water'
loiji/i- - ■ ■ '
-Street- 65 S F Gaslight, 84Vi'. 68 F Savings
Union. 486. -.- ■ ■ - . ■
AFTERNDOS- «KS3rON'.
Board— 60 Hawaiian Commercial, 19^p: 125
Hntchinson S P Co, 19y a ; 80 do, 196' : 35 s f
Gaslight. V4;26 S V .Water, 100y 8 : »2000 6V 4"
Bonds, 99"<4. . . "
Street— 000 SV 4% Bonds, 98% : $10,000 S F
4SP Railway Bonds, 101 %•
BEAL ESTATE TKANSACTIONS.
Henry Wise to Josephine Giller, Peter and
Frank Braud and Jennie Siebert, lot on N line of
.Fulton street, 110 E of Laguna, & 27:6 by H 120;
Clara L. Arguello to EomiT. Corr, lot on S\V
■corner of Grove and Baker gtreets, W 100 by S
62:6: $10.
Louisa E. M. Gleason to Oliver Kldrldge, N'E
100-vnra 17, Laeoon survey, at >' corner of said
lot, S\V 275 by SE 93 :B: $5.
M. Morgenthau Company (a corporation) to Ru
dolph Übals, lot on E line of Hampshire street,
247 :« Sof Twenly-first, S2sby E 100: $10.
Roslne Heussler to George Doerlng, lot on N line
of Twenty-third street, 65:6 E of Sanchez, E 26
by N 90; $10.
Joseph .Leah and Goodman Gingberg. Dora
MeCourtney (nee Gingberg), Ada Martin (nee
rJicgbenr) and selina Wolf (nee Gingberg) to
Saiuuel C.Meyer, lot. on N line of Sacramento street,
50 W of Drumm, N 59:9 by W 25; $10.
Sarah Anderson to same, same: $100.
John W. and by assignee, Margaret J. Kehoe,
E. G. Rodoeph, assignee by IT. A. Jones, receiver,
to J. Leroy Nickel, lot on NX line of Ninth street,
40 SE of -Minna, SE 40 by NX 60: $1931.
Rosetta A. Sengley to Paul G. Ehm, lot on E
line of Utah street, 126 S of Nineteenth (Butte), S
25 dv E 200; $10.
Same to Gustav Llndquist, lot on NE corner of
Utah and Nineteenth streets (Butte), N 27:2 by E
100; $10. '
Adolpti Sutro to James C. Jordan, lots 6to 9,
block 226; also lots 1 to 5, block 224; $10.
William C. and Teresa Peters and Frederick and
Minna Hauesler to Anton Capurro, lot on W cor
ner of Delaware street and Oueida avenue, XW
150 by SW 160, block 31, West Emi Map 1; $1800.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Edwi n
Van Every, lot 5, plat 3, Pacilic section; $150.
AI Aill.DA COUNTY.
Edward G. Dnisenbt rg to Charles D. Pierce, lot
7, block A, and lots 1, 2, 3, 5 to 8, block B, Ade
line-street property, being a resubdivislon of
blocks A and B of northern addition to Oakland,
Oakland; $5.
Abraham Lippmann to William H. Leahy, lot
on \V line of Alire street, 50 N of Thirteenth, N
33:4 by W 100. Oakland: $10.
J. G. Petftt to Elizabeth Pettitt, lot on W line
of Wood street, 70 S of Seward, S 65 by W 142:6,
being the s 65 feet of lots 34, 35 and 36, plat of
subdivision of block 102, Oakland Point, Oakland;
gift.
Maria Hillegaes to Benjamis Bangs, all of blocks
G and H, Htllegass Tract Map 3, Berkeley : $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. V.'ilson to Frieda M.
Harder, lot on S line orßictgaroad (Daley avenue),
60 W of Le Roy avenue. W 50 by s 144.50, being
lot 18, block 11, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley,
$10.
John C. and C. S. Schmidt to Joseph Ireland, lot
on s line of Pacific avenue, 117:6 W of Webster
street, W 50 by S 160, being lots 11 and 12, block
A. map of Shephard.ton property, Alameda; $10.
Donald Nicolson to John F. Lacy, lot on E line of
Pme street, 268 N of Division, N* 30 by E 80, Oak
land; $10..
Jo^e and Anna V. Cardozo to Maegie Betten
conrt (wife of S. J.), lot on N line of Thirty-fifth or
Wai; on street. 241 tof Grove, N 120:3, E 26:4V 2 >
S i 20:3, W 24:9 to beginning, block B, Central
Laud Company's Tract, Oaklaud : gift.
Lucinda B. Dearborn to Charles W. Dearborn,
lot 3. Draper Tract, East Oakland : $10.
Roacoe L. Eames to .Ninetta hames, lot on N W
corner of Parker and Fulton streets, N 136 by W
65:6, being portion of Steel Tract; also lot on N
line of Parker street, 263:6 W of Fulton, W 60 by
N 136, being lot, 16. same, Berkeley; gift.
Bnilders' Contracts.
Patrick Hackett with T. J. Gallahorn, altera
tions and additions to a three-story dwelling
house on W line of Guerrero street, 145 ;6 S of
Sixteenth: $1562 toarcnitect mentioned.
Awnes M. A gar and Joseph M. Macdonougb with
A. J. McNicoll ife Co.. alterations, eta. to elevator
in buildine on NW corner of Front and Mark-t
streets (308 Market): $2600; plans by contractor.
Edward Genty with Williams ds Fosrer, all
work except excavation, plumbinp:, sewer work
a:irt gas-fluing tor a two-story frame building, two
stores and four flats, on N W com >r of Folsom and
Twenty-fifth streets; $9385; architect, Charles M.
Rousseau.
Ernest J. Uebner with Edward Ginlej', all work
except mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a two
story frnme building on Fifth avenue, near Clem
ent street; $3150; H. D. Mitchell, architect
THE CALL CALEXDAB.
Apbil, 1896.
|TU.
W.
Th.
j Fr.
I 3
*
©Bast Quarti
r;.- April
9
10
I
11
I 18
©New Moon.
April 12
12
I 17
25 !
3 First Qua
n_v April
| 21
22 j
124
.7
I 28
i 29 I
I 30
,0 ; Full Mo.
v_y;; April
OCIiAS STKAiiiCKS.
Dat AH or Departure t'roralSan Fr-.nrl.ro.
HTEAMKFt. I lIKSTIXATIOV j
SAIL.
_.mpire i
Pania Kosa..
P0m0na..... j
Coos 8ay....
State ot Cai i
Bt Pau1...... |
Acapulco....i
Umatilla.... i
Sunol ....... ;
Corona j
•Weeott.....
H0mer,.... , |
Arae0. ...... |
Rio Janeiro, ■
Faranon.... |
Eureka .....
Areata;.....
Del Norte .. I
ABlanchani
City of Para
| P0rt1and....... |
[S-an Diego |
| Humbofdtßay
; Mexic0. ..;.... I
i P0rt1and....... '
I Newport ...... |
i Panama
I Vie <_ Pitt Snd i
[Grays Harbor. ;
j San Diego..... i
Eel Kiver |
! Coos Bay j
I i;oos 8ay......
: China i. Julian
; 1 aaulna Bay..
i Newport ....'.. !
I Coos Bay I
! Grays 1 1 amor i
i P0rt1and....... !
Panama !
Portland.;..... i
April, 6pm;
[April. llam;
April. 2pm
I Apr 12.10* _t I
I Apr 13.10 am.
Apr 13. 9am
! Apr 14,12 m
Apr 14. 9am
I A pri 6. 4pm !
[Apr 15.11 am
Apr 15. 9am
Apr 15. spm ;
j Apr 15.10 am j
[Apr 16, 3pm I
j Apr 16, 9am :
Apr 17. 9am
Apr 17. Bam!
! Apr 18. ;
!AprlB.loAM
Apr 18, 12 _
AprlB.loAM
i Pier 11
i Pier 9
Pier 11
| Pier 2 l
Pierll
! PMSS
! Pier 9
! Pier 2
Pier 11
] Pier 13
Oceania
Pier 13
IP M S
: Pier 2
Pier 11
! Pier 13
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 24
Queen....;.. I
STKAMKKS TO AKBIVE.
Steamer,
From
St Paul
city or Everett
Empire..........
Pr0gre50........
Geo \V Elder....
'/■ allodia ......
Costa Rica
Weeott
San Mate 0......
C0r0na.;....-....
-unol ....;...
Washtenaw
Arae0. ..........
P0m0na........;
Farallon
H0mer..........
EureKa ....
City of Pueoia..
Queen...'.......,
'South Coast.....
North Fori-,...,
Alice 151 a hard
Del Norte
Mackinaw..... .
Crescent City...
Banta K05a......
Gae1ic...........
Ban J05e... :.....
i Newport. ....;..... ......
Nanaimo.... ;
P0rt1and.......
Seattle.......
: Portland .-..
| Panama....
I Departure Bay
I Eel River......
C0m0x.........
San Dieg0...'..*...; ;
Grays Harbor
I'anama..:
I Coos 8ay .'..'.;;'..'..'.....;
i Humboldt Bay
V inn] in a 8ay...... ......
Coos 8ay................
j Newport.....
Victoria A Paget Sound
Portland......
Portland ."...-........
I Humboidt Bay
', Portland.. ......
! Grays Har00r.....:
1 Tac0ma...... - ...........;
Crescent City........ ....
San Dieeo.
China and Japan........
i Panama.'. . . .... . . ; -. .
-..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 13
..Apr 13
..Apr 13
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr. 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 16
..Aor 16
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
..Apr 18
SUN, BIOON AND TID.K.
U. 8. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tide 1 *
. BOI,I.KTIif : PnBI,I9HKD BY OFFICIAL >
AUTHORITY OF THE SUPEKIXTKXDKVT. J
Saturday, April 11.
Sunrises 6.39jM00n rises.. 4 38am
Sunsets 6.44 1 Moon sets ".
April-1896.
I Time
|_~lw
Feet
Time
[__\W
Feet _____
WSSt [L W
| Time |
I H iW j
I . l._ '
0.9
0.6 :
0.3
! Feet
-5.0
5.1
.-•5.1
1.2.
L'W
7.06
7.48
. 8.34
4.2 1 5..
. 4.0 5.:
*J._ 6.1
0.7110.57 4 6
' 1.0 11.19 .4.7
1.-- 11.40 4.5
.1.5 ....,: V..V.
Feet I lj.-.W Feet
: 3.4 6.30 4.1.9
3.0 7.10 • 2.2
"3.0 7.56 2.5
-0.1
1—0.2
2.17
3.20
4.-8
Hotk— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
Order of occurrence »3 to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
Hand column elves the last tide of the | day, except
when | there . are . but \ three tides, :'- as ■ sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings ■on ; the , United States CoMt >„ Survey
charts, except when a minaft sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then I the number given la inbtractlve
&818 t&e dectii given by the cbart* r -><~*Tr c - <~ *>
BIOBOGKAPHIG BULLETIN.
Branch ETDson«*rHio OFFtOB, TT. 9. N. • "1
; .-a Merchants' ExcHANoit r
San Francisco. Aprlll 0.189«. >
Th« time ball on Telegrapn Hill was n«re
dropped to-day on account of failure of signals.
. A. F. FKCHTELHa.
Lieutenant U. S. X.. in charge.
f**JU*arM3fU i I rlTWtilr».^ M Wi^*»
Arrived.
FRIDAY. April 10.
Stmr State of California, Aekley. 55 hours fronv
Portland, via Astoria 44 hours; pass and mese, to
Gootlall, Perkins <£ Co.
Sttnr Pomona, Dornn. 17 hours from Eureka?
pass and indue, to Goodall, Perkins it Co.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, 76 hours from Tllla
mook; lumber, to Truckee Lumber Co.
.' Stmr Umatilla.' Hunter. 65 hours from Victoria^
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Ship Oriental, Parker, 19 days from Departure
Bay: 2610 tons coal, to George Fritch.
ship Spartan, Polite. 10 days from Seattle; 2180
tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
Bark Forest Queen, Rice. 11 days from Coal
Harbor; lumber, to Chas Nelson.
. Schr Ruby. A Cousins. Knudsen, 8 days from
Portland: lumber, to order. Up river direct.
Schr Orion, Anderson, 10 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co. Alvlso
direct. . • • . • .
.Schr Maxim, Peterson. 2 days from Caspar;
• M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
' Schr Aloha. Dab<*l, 23 days from Honolulu! 180
bags coffee, 25,318 bags sugar, to Williams, Dt
niotnl it CO. . . " . • .
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 7 days from Willapa
Harbor; 260 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co:
Hchr Alice Cook.-, Penhallow, 21 days from,
Honolulu; sugar, to Welch & Co.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, - Johnson, 22 hours from
Mendocino- 95 M ft lumber, to Mendoclno Lumber
Co. . • .
Schr JG Wall, Gallup. 2 days from Eureka;
lumber, to Chas Nelson. Berkeley direct.
Schr Olga, Ipsen, 24 days from iCahuluiJ 11,915
baps sucar. to Allen & Lewis.
Schr San Buenaventura. Tahloff, 10 days from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co.
Scnr Alcalde, Sanders, 16 days from Port Blake
ley; 404 M ft lumber, to Renton, Holmes & Co.
. Cleared. > ••
FRIDAY. April 10.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co. i /
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Llndberg, Karluk;
Alaska Packers' Association.
j Bark Martha Davis, Soule, Honolulu; Welch
Co. . ,■;..■•-,-..:;
Bark Merom. Peterson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
P.ktn .lane A Falklnburg, Lindholm, codfishing]
Lynde <fe Hough.
;>;-... . Sailed. -------
FRIDAY, April 10.
Stmr Homer, Drisko, Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Lelanrt, Santa Cruz. .
Stmr Aleut raz. Fai-erlund.
Br ship Monkbarns, Atkinson, Grtmibr.
Bark Theobald, Swan, Cooks Inlet.
Bark Martha Davis. Soule, Honolulu.'
Bark Harvester, Gruner, Karluk.
Bktn Marion. Andrews, Cooks Inlet.
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Killman, Seattle.
Kchr Queen. Edwardsen, Red fish Bay.
. Schr R W Bartlt-tt, Olsen, NlcolaefskL
Schr John A, Hellquist, Eureka. ' "
Schr Eclipse, Guttormsen, Eureka.
Schr Mary Bubne, Kamselius, Eureka.
Schr Ralph J Long, Jorgenson, Russian Land*
Ing.
-TelejjrapMo. <■'•
POINT LOBOS. ADrll 10-10 p. ii-Weath<rt
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles. '• ■
Charter*.
The brig John D Spreckels loads mdM for Ma
hukona.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON. Apr 10— Br bark Corunna, from Ban
Francisco Dec 8, for Queenstown. Passed Scllly
going east with loss of mala topmast.
' ' Spoken. .'
Mar 15— Lat 1 S, long 25 W, Br ship Arm Id a,
from London, for San Diego.
Mar 15— Lat 1 S, long 25 vT, Br baric Ravens
court, from London, tor San Francisco. •
Apr s— Lat 49 K. lone 17 W, Br ship Otterburn,
hence Nov 28. for Liverpool.
Mar $>— Lat 17 S, loan 36 W. Br ship Jordanhlll,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Apr 10-SchT
Vesta, from Hueneme; schr Lena Sweasey, from
Newport.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Apr 10— Stmr National City
for San Francisco; schr Joseph Buss, for Sow
Whatcom.
PORT ANGELES— In port Apr 10— Bktn .Eu
reka, hence Mar 2, for Vancouver. .'-:■■ •
TATOOSH— Passed ADr9— stmr City of Everett,
from Nanalmo, for San Francisco. Mar 10— Baric
Carrollton, from Port Blakelev. for Shanghai.
SANTA BARBAKA— SaiIed Apr 10— Schr Ex.
celsior, for Port Blakeley.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Apr Stmr Rival,
hence Apr 9.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 10— Stmr Queen, hence
Apr 8. .
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Apr 10— Bktn J X
Griffiths, from Honolulu.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 9— Brig Blakeley, fof
Conks lu let. . •
Arrived Apr 10— Schr Guide, hence Apr 3.
REDONDO— SaiIed Apr 10— stmr Albion. - «.*•
XEAH BAY— Satled Apr 10— Br ship Larnaca,
for Valparaiso.
PORT BLAKELEY— Apr 10- Bark Co
lumbia, hence Apr 1; schr Vesta, from Hueneme.
■Eastern Ports., . .'
"NEW YORK— Sailed Apr 19-Stmr Finance, fin
Colon. ». (• ■ . . .
Foreign Ports.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Apr 10— Ship St John, foi
San Francisco. * ■
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Bailed Apr 6— Bark Car*
ondelet. for San Franoisco. • . .'■ :-v-
HONGKONG— SaiIed Apr B— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver. ■- . ...
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr B— Br ship Drum
blalr, from Portland.
Sailed Apr 9— Br snip Drumblair, for Hull.
SWANSEA— SaiIed Apr 9— Br ship Muskoka,
for San Francisco. . " • ': - " =■-•;
. LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 9— Br ship Clan
Robertson, henc» Nov 22.
SClLLY— Passed Mar 30— Br ship Port Douglass,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Apr 9— Brstmr Victo
ria, from Tacoma; Br stmr • Belgtc, hence Mar 21,
via Honolulu.
movements of Trans- Atlantic Ste-*rn»ra.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 10— Stmr Fhoemca,
from Hamburg. •. •• . . ■ ■■
Importations, t ' -
PORTLAND— Per State of California— 3ll3 qr
sks 2194 hf-sks 655 gunnies Hour. 65 ska oats, SuO
sks middlings. 3914 sks potatoes, 60 sks wool, 409
sks onions, 1018- pkgs furniture.
Astoria— 2lo sks oysters, 600 cs salmon, 1855
•bdls snooks. 4 pkgs express, 2 bxs machinery.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2l tubs 290 bis butter.
1 bxd piano. 32 bxs mdse, 1 bdl fur, 31 doors, 20
cs cider. 1/S bis apples, 35 rolls leather, 230 Kegs
nails, 1 cs dry goods, 1 bx hardware, 6 pirns mdse.
« bbls mineral water, 57 bxs butter, 3 rolls paper
60 sks potatoes, 11 bdls pelts, 99 M ft lumber, 3
bxs groceries. 16 pugs express, 1 sk coin, l horse.
VICTORIA— Per Umatilla— bdls sheepskins,
4 bxs copper. 2 bxs brass, 1 bx C bottoms, 9 sks
old rubber, 13 bdls rope, 32 pkgs yellow metal, 1
bx express, 1-sk coin.
Port Townsend— l cart. 1 cs dry goods, 69 bdla
hoops, i pkgs mdse« I
Seattle via G N By— l cs church goods, 10 Ml*,
dry glue. ;: ;
Vancouver— l nit* mdse. •
Departure Bay— lloo tons coal.
East viaC P R R— l2o cs baby food. 3 bdls sheet
ing, Bcs flannel. 4 .crayon, 60 cs tobacco, 4 csj
hats, 1 cs hosiery, 3 cs boots and shoes. 7 bxs glass
ware. 2 cs hats, •£ cs ticking,' 1 cs knit goods, 3 cj
dry goods, 5 cs.ducK, 1 cs underwear. '
Anacortes— 332 sk3 oats.' •■•■•■ ,-' .•;-^" 1 ■.-.•■.
--■ Everett— l9 pkes mdse, 270 bdls 186 rolls Bcs
paper, 1200 bars bullion
Foreign via C P R R— 4oo cs condensed milk.
217 bdls hides, 113 bdls pelts. • *
New Whatcom— 234 bdls bides, 503 pcs pine, I
cs dry goods, 1 cs clo.hing. 1 cs tobacco, 1 pkg
m<Ue. 2 pkgs express, 1 sk coin. ..
Tacoma— l7l sks bones. 4 cs clocks. 8 pkg«
crease, 49 pkgs mdse, 1 cs dry goorts,l9 bdls sacks,
3cs cigars. scs gum, 7000 sks flour. . - •■ ■ - • ■
Tacoma west of Fargo— 274 sks oats, 850 hf-ska
700 qr-sks flour, 310 sks wheat, 656 bdls hoops, 5
bdls rake teeth. •
SPKK via Tacoma— 6 crts bikes, let hats, IB
cs drugs, 1 cs mdse, 2 hxd organs. 2 rolls carpet.
Seattle— 2 crates marble, i 3 cs fur goods, 2 bills
deerskins, 1 cs dry goods, 130 bdls hides, 86 bdls
salt calf hides. 1 bx silk, 145 pkgs mdse. 7 pkg>
old metal, 8 bxs fish. 2 sks coin, 3 pkga express. 21
pugs copper, 2 sks brass. 4 Ddls D skins. 196 buis
hides, 1 sk ginger root,' 25 bbls starch.
• ■ Consignee*. S ;
. Per State of California— Allen & Lewis; D J Rus
sell ; Moore, Ferguson & Co: Otis. McAllister & Co;
C J Leist & Co; X B Scott; McDonongh & Runyon;
MPDetels: A Bacigalupi: Geo Morrow <S Co; W p
Crosby; J Wollner; D E Allison it Co: H Dutard;
Alaska Packers Assn: Morgan Oyster Co; Doern
becker Furniture Co; Clatsop Mill Co: G Q Wick
son & Co: Geo W McXear: M B Moraghan; A Jao
per; Wells, Fargo & Co: Murray «ft Steinhatjen*
Dalton Bros; Wolf <fc Son. .^.
■ Per. Pomona— Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Hills Bros •
C E Whitney it Co: Dairymen's Union; I)r Bush;
F B Haight: Bros it Co: Norton, Teller A Co ;
H Liehes & Co: ( L D Stone & Co: OB Smith * Co:
Ross & Hewlett: Russ. Sanders A Co; : J Butler; J
Ross: W F Mitchell; Wbeaton, Breon & Co: Kolb
& Denhard: Standard Oil Co: . Pacific Coast Aim
and Lumber Co; Witzel <t Baiter: L Meyers; Crane
Co: A C Nicnols& Co: Baker & Hamilton; GO
Perry; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Felling, Cressy & Co-
Humboldt Mineral \VaterCo:\Vellman, Peck <fc Co*
A Sbarboro: H Dutard; Hibernia Brewery ;iPacl lie
Wall Paper Co: McKay it Co: A Colomba: United
States Brewery: Wells, Fargo & Co: Scott & Van
Ar-dale Lumber Co: Wiel«nd Brewing Co. • •
■ Per Umatllla— F B Johnson; Alaska Commercial
Co: Mack it Co; F P Whltaker & Ray Co- CH
Meyer & Co; Levl, Strauss & Co; C T Wright; M p
Kohlber? ifc Co; ■ American Tobacco Co: - Close <&
Cone: S J Friedlander & Co: Oregon Imp Co- C T
Wright: Bisslnger & Co; J. D Sprtcke'.s & Bros Co:
P Buans; Belllngham Bay Imp Co: 0 T Wright- F
Tanner; M P Kohloerg & Co: Wells, Fargo <fc Co-
Z W Christopher; J Cl Adams A Co: J Dixon Cru
cible Co; Pur* & Lacy; StaunYr A Co; \V a very &
Co; Belby Smelting and Lead Co; W G Richardson-
A Haas it Co; Baker & Hamilton; FrederlcksbnrK
Brewery : , Carlson, Currier & Co; Davis, Uaber A
Co; « Sanguenettl: Ivancovich & Co; J C Bauer
Co: Kuhls & "jalz Co: > Otis, McAllister <fe Co* a
i W.Howard: Holt Bros; Pacific Bone, Coal and
Fertilizing Co; Sunset Telephone and .Telegraph
Co; Saunders, Ward Co; L Schroder- Everett
Trlnton & Co; H Dutard: H T Holmes Lime Co- i
Stencil: H A Day & Co; Whitman <fc Barnes: Clip
per Bicycle Co; Tarnler & Franks: , A Baraco- A J
Prager & Son : Redington & Co; Chas Harley & Co-
A C Nichols & Co: W & J Sloane A Co: A Leu- E
Johnson; ; American Onion fish Co: L Saroni '. &
Co; Sherman, Clay & Co: Blsslnger & Co; Charles
Swinson; G^ < amllloni & Co: . California Wine As
sociation: G Sevens: Joseph Dorety: Pacific Fold
ing .Paper Box Co: Rosenberg Bros: Union Gas
Engine Co: W B Sumner & Co; ;W. T Garrett A;
Co; r V G Hinton: W p Fuller & Co; Williams A
Co; Capt J McXntyre: Neuburger, Relss <fc Co; C a
»v ire *s uL i co.
Tor Laic Shipping Intelligence See fifteenth Pag*.Design Submitted by Architect G. Alexander Wright for an Alameda Library Building to Cost $20,400.
[From the architect's drawing.]
INFLUENCE OF
THE LIBRARIES
The Subject Discussed at
the Convention in
Alameda.
MANY BOOKMEN LISTEN.
Delegates From All the Cities
That Are Represented in
the Association.
THE NEW BUILDING PBOJECT.
Plans for a $20,000 Structure Sub
mitted by Architect Wright
of A'armda.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 10.— The con
vention of the Central California Library
Association was held at the new City Hall
this evening. Nearly all the members
were present and tne council-rooms were
well filled. The subject discussed was:
"Pulpit, Press and Public Library as
Means of Irfluencing Public Opinion and
Elevating Humanity." The speakers were
Rev. George R. Dodson of ihe First I'ni
tarian Church, Editor T. G. Daniells of the
Alameda Argu?, Superintendent D. J.
fullivan of the Alameda Public School
Department and Principal Ergo Majors of
the Alameda High School.
Rev. Mr. Dodson spoke in a general
vray and did not argue that the pulpit was
a greater power than any other in shaping
public opinion. He said that public
opinion and social condition are products
of numerous factors. Humanity is a vast
organism, and a change in one of its parts
reverberates tnrough the whole. Progress
is the result of many forces and influences
in human society. The day has gone by
when the preacher and schoolmaster were
the only educated men in the community.
They no longer have anything like a
monopoly ot intellectual and moral in
fluence. The speaker continued :
The preacher especially is arlected by the
change. It is not that he "has become less, but
that other factors in social improvement have
gained In importance. The jrinted book is
one of the greatest civilizing acents in history
Through It the stimulating and helpful ideas
of the nnest minds are sown broadcast through
ous the world. It is largely through books tnat
the crowd is being transformed into the
people.
Thanks to Gutenberg, a new and enlightened
I'emos is appearing in the world. The Public
Library is a great social factor.
The ideas that are to-day making their way
in the public mind will inevitably find appli
cation. Venerable and age-long" errors are
disappearing, not so much because they are
being argued out of existence as because the
I-übhc ih becoming too well informed to retain
them. With enlargement of mental norizon
inevitably come wider sympathies. Books and
reading promote the sentiment of the brother
hood 01 man.
Said Victor Hugo: "Henceforth all human
advancement will be accomplished by swell
ing the legions of those who read. For the
desire to read being a train of powder, once
lighted it will not stop; and this, combined
with the simplification of hand labor by ma
chinery, and with the increased leisure of
man, the body less fatigued, leaving the mind
freer, vast appetites for thought will spring up
in all brains; the Insatiable thirst for knowl
edge and meditation will become more and
more the human preoccupation; low places
will be deserted for high places— an ascent na
tural to every growing intelligence. People
will taste the noble, and, once tasting it, they
will never be satiated; men will make the
beautiful their food, because the refinement
of minds augments in proportion to their force ;
and a day will come when the fullness of civil
ization, making itself manifest, those moun
tain tops, Lucretius, Dante, Shakespeare, for
ages almost deserted and visited only by the
Felect few, will be crowded with intelligences
seeking their food upon the heights."
While the press is not intentionally philan
thropic and leaves largely unused its magnifi
cent opportunity to direct public opinion in
the right way, it must nevertheless be credited
with a. vast amount of good. Indeed, much of
the best work done for the cause of humanity
is performed without intention and uucon
eciously. The newspapers tend to lift men
above provincialism. They make us citizens of
the world, interesting us in the thoughts,
labors and the life of other nations and peo
ples. The result is a feeling, constantly grow
ing more profound, of the oneness and solid
arity of the race. The brotherhood of man is
already something more than a phrase, and
for this we are considerably indebted to the
jjress.
Every influence that tends to the enlighten
ment oi the people reacts beneficially upon the
pulpit. A reading public necessitates an edu
cated ministry. Libraries and schools force the
preacher upward. A candle could give light iv
medieval darkness. To-day there must be in
telligence in the pulpit or the pews will be
empty.
On the other band, it is a very great help to
the minister to have his people read, for he
can then teach them things that were other
wise impossible. The New Testament repre-
Bents Jesus as saying to his disciples, "I have
many things to say unto you, but ye cannot
bear them now." •
No wonder, for they were mostly illiterate
peasants. In proportion as people learn are
they able to bear what is said to them. Happy
the minister whose people are always ready
lor the highest word he is able to speak.
The Dress, the pulpit and the library are to
be regarded as co-operating and mutually
helpful factors in the elevation of humanity—
that is, in its salvation, for salvation is coming
to be regarded as something progressive as a
historic process. It is almost synonymous
with education, for this word, with all the
deep meaning now being put into it, is amone
the very greatest that we have. 5
The work of the minister is becoming grad
ually and necessarily special and partial. B lt is
his to develop the sentiments of men to inter
pret life in the light of the best thought and of
the noblest moral ideal. He should be able io
make people feel that all great political and so
cial question* are also moral questions. He
may render a social service by bringing to the
support of practical reforms the tremendous
•ancufying and sustaining power of the moral
and religious feelings. His work is not to in
vestigate and settle questions of economic and
political science; it is rather to inspire a great
love for. confidence In and devotion to truth.
Enubkd by the speciMl opportunity given
him to Wi'iime acquainted with the best
thoughts of his lime, he niny help his fellow
men to revise tlieir conceptions, to readjust
their minds us science grows, ntntthus fit them
to live in the. modern world. The preccher's
work, though" general, is, if properly per
formed, of immense value. Though partly in
tellectual, it is mostly in the region of senti
ment—an<i In the human world sentiment
plays a very great part. The press, the pulpit,
the library and the school are nil working for
the sam< end— the education of humanity, and
the good one does is a help to all. Leaving
aside all comparison as to respective merit,
cannot each feel that it is enough to have a
part in helping the world in its onward and
upward way?
Mr. Daniells spoke particularly of the
press, and tliese are among the things that
j he said :
Less than 100 year ago the newspaper was rot
much of a factor in political, religious or social
life. It was in embryo. It was rather a de
spised avenue of intelligence. Its mission
! seemed to be to promulgate essays on abstract
subjects written by over-serious men, to give
the light to poetic effusions, and to tell news
that was already Known. In appearance it
was undersized, smudgy, badly printed and
badly arranged. There" was no attempt at
editorial expression, and not a glimmer of
that news feature that is now developed to
such a superlative degree.
Probably each of you who have to do with
that other great modern institution, the public
library, is able to find in your respective
archives copies of journals printed 100 years
ago that fully bear out my idea. I remember
: one such ancient journal that has been exten
sively reproduced in fac-simile. It is the Ulster
Gazette, and it contains an account of the
death and burial of George Washington. The
events aescribed were two weeks old and the
description was perfunctory and overfulsome.
\ Not a single one of what we would in this day
consider to be the news features of the incident
was elaborated. Besides this great historic
incident the paper contained very little. There
wns a smattering of European news, obtained
I from the captain? of ships that had recently
arrived, and which related to events three
1 months old.
Napoleon was conquering Europe at that
time— amazing the world and terrifying the
; ereat rulers of the earth— yet his doings were
considered In a few vague lines, a tenth as
much as we now devote to the revolt of an
African chief.
From the Ulster Gazette to the great news
paper of to-day iess than a century of time in
tervenes, but it is a vast cycle of progress. The
marvelous stride made in mechanics — the
miracle of the telegraph, the telephone and of
electricity— these iv some decree have relation
to the great advancement of the press; bat
' neither In itself is more wonderful than the
progress of the press.
In round numbers there are 20,000 periodi
! cals published to-day in the United States.
There is a publication of some kind for every
3100 of population. Twenty-five years ago
there was only one publication for every BSOO
of population. Very recent inventions in
printing appliances have s-erved to enormously
increase the output of printed matter, espe
cially of newspapers, ana the cost has beeu re
duced to a smali fraction of that which pre
vailed in the olden time.
The newspaper of a third or quarter of acen
: tury ago wielded its influence through its edi
torial columns. That was the era of personal
ity in newspaper making; it was the golden
period of the great editor. Some of you know
from personal observation of the time, and all
of you from history and tradition of the mighty
men who molded public opinion in that stir
ring epoch. Horace Greeley stands forth a
luminous figure in American journalism as
well as in American history. To speak of
'■. Greeley in that day was instantly to 6Uggcst
; the New York Tribune. To refer to the New
: York Herald was to call to mind the elder Ben
n'.ct. The Evening Post and William Cullen
Bryant were synonymous, and the Louisville
Journal was known because George D. Prentice
I edited it. There is just one survival of this
old-time rule, and that is in Charles A. Dai-.a
; of the New York .Sun.
The press of to-day has popularized scientific
i subjects. It instantly seizes upon the latest
discoveries and deductians ana places them
i before the people. It is the only up-to-date
encyclopedia. Mankind does not have to await
trie tardy appearance of books embodying the
discovery of new truths to inform themselves
thereof. The deep things that are profitable
to know are simplified and made comprehen
| sible in the modern newspaper. It is not only
' a vast mirror of news, but it is a compendium
j of science, of philosophy, of us»ful knowledge,
of the innumerable incidents and transactions
i that illustrate human life and afford a better
insight of nature. And the modern newspaper
brightens life with its quips. The ancient
newspaper was a very solemn affair. The old- j
time journal was prosy and over-dignified, but |
the moderu journal scintillates with humor, •
giving to life a brighter side. And this with
, out in any way detracting from its more seri
ous features. That is a point that should be
taken into full account, for the man who makes
another man laugh does him a service of value.
The complaint is often made that the mod
ern newspaper is remorseless and that it ruth
lessly invades the home, and with a brutal
hand lays bare the private lives and affairs of
men, v.ithout justice or reason. This in man;
; instances seems 10 be a well-founded coni
! plaint, and yet the very fact that the jr it la
such a seeming juggernaut is its chief lever in
the great work of elevating humanity. I shall
not siop to defend the press for what appears
' to be a lack of discrimination in the publica
tion of personal matters that sometimes need
; lessly wound and injure, but I make bold to
! say that no power in government, no usage or
i custom of society has such restraining force
I on wrong-doing as newspaper publicity. The
fenr of getting into the newspapers has pre
vented many tt crime and kept many a man
| straight. And it is not a. fear of being
, scourged by the newspHpors, but of having: the
■ unvarnished facts told.
Superintendent Sullivan spoke extem
poraneously on the relations of the library
'. to the public school, insisting on the value
!of the library. Ergo Majors, member of
' the High School, read a clever history of
i libraries, from the famous Alexandria col-
I lection to the libraries in every town to-
I day.
J. C. Rowell, librarian of the State Uni
versity, presided; Librarian Jellingsof the
Mechanics' institute in San Francisco
acted as secretary.
The next meeting will be held in Stan
ford University.
At this convention one of the features
of special interest to the librarians was the
i discussion of the plans for the library that
J6 to be built. One of the designs submit
ted is by Architect G. Alexander Wright,
who proposes ft classic structure to cost
$20,400. riiia plan is of a building to con
tain about 5500 square feet of floor space
on the first lloor. so arranged that a gal
lery all around 18 feet wide and 11 feet
high might be easily added at any future
time, if required for library purposes or
public museum. This gallery would con
tain about 30t)0 squ.irc feet of ttoor space
and be lighted by circular windows.
The dimensions would be 74 by HO feet.
A 12-foot basement would afford 6320
square feet of floor space, tnough Mr
Wright believes that tliere should be no
basement, preferring to dispense with the
long flight of entrance steps. The library
room would be 25 feet high. Brick would
be the material used in the construction,
the principal elevations to be faced with
selected buff pressed brick.
At the Maodonoush,
OAKLAND, Cal., April 10.— "Sinbad"
lias proven a success at the Macrtonoush
and is drawing large house 9. There will
be a matinee Saturday afternoon and fare
well performance at night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL U, 1896.
MOTT`S CHANCE IS LOST
He Might Have Been Mayor
of Oakland for Two
Whole Days.
* _____
DAVIE TAKES A QUIET TRIP.
Nobody Knew He Was Out of the
City Till Just Before His
Return.
Oakland Office Sat? Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 10. )
Mayor Davie has been out of the city for
three days and no one was aware of his
absence till a few hours before his return.
This morning he was in his office as usual.
During Mr. Davie's trip to Merced a
great opportunity was offered President
Mott of the Council to attach his signa
ture to a large number of requisitions that
the Mayor docs not favor. The charter
provides that when the Mayor is away the
president of the Council shall act for him.
There is no other qualification necessary
than that the Mayor "be out of the city"
to place the power in the hands of the pres
ident of the Council.
President Mott would like to hasten
much of the business that the Mayor does
not favor and he could have done it easily
had he known that the Mayor was out of
the city.
But President Mott did not know it. nor
was anybody else aware of it till this
morning. There are requisitions waiting
the official signature for clothes and blank
ets for cold prisoners, for lumber for side
walks, for books for the city engineer and
! for numerous other things that the Mayor
! does not consider necessary, and by rush
■• ing into the office and signing them Presi
: dent Mott would have earned the thanks
!of a small multitude. Several ordinances
! are also needing a signature to render
j them operative and Mr. Mott would have
! supplied it had he only known of the op-
I port unity to do so.
"Mott missed the opportunity of his
life," said the Mayor this morning. "He,
could have been a bona tide Mayor fora
few nours, and I guess that is as near to
the office as he will ever get. It is rather
amusing to notice how much a man is
missed who attends to hia business. It is
known that 1 am at the City Hall during
j office Hours, and as soon as I am missed
i there is a hunt for me. I to.d my secre
tary that I should be away for a couple of
i days, and as I do not consider Mr.'Mott
■ competent to manage the Mayor's office
i even for a day, I thought the best inter
| ests of the city would be served by saying
! nothing. I was in communication with
I my secretary, so that I was kept informed
of all that was going on. I'm sorry for
I Mott, but It's too late now, and I cannot
j conceive how he could have lost such a
i chance to shine."
A few days ago President Mott as a com
mittee of one reuorted to the Council and
reflected on the Mayor's methods, and so
there is no spare love or courtesy between
them.
Mayor Davie says that there is only one
| theme of discussion in the Merced district
| and that is the Valley road. The farmers
are a unit in its favor, he says, and it is
| refreshing to get into a district which can
' feel independent of the Southern Pacific.
A Heavy Mortgage.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 10.— The Farm
ers' Loan and Trust Company of Pan Fran
cisco to-day filed an answer "in the suit of
the Pacific Improvement Company vs.
James A. Way mire ct al., to/ determine
their several interests to the marsh land
' lying on the south of the estuary between
Oakland and Alameda. The company
claims in its answer a lien upon 4712 acres,
■ an undivided interest in the lauds; also
upon a specific tract within the exterior
! limits of the lands, whicli is also claimed
Iby the South Pacific Coast Railroad
! Company, anu mortgaged to the Farmers'
Loan and Trust Company.
These marsh lands are set forth as a por
tion of tne property covered by a mortgage
made by that company July 1, 1837, secur
: ing the aggregate sum of $5,- r >OU,OOO, cvi
: deuced by 5500 bonds in the sum of $1000
; each, running for nfty years from above
! date. The same mortgage covers as well
i the entire main line, sidetracks, fran
i chises, rights of way, station buildings,
I ferryboats and all other property of the
Soutn Paciiic Coast Railroad Company.
A Iloaxud Attorney,
OAKLAND, Cal., April 10.— Attorney
| Henry A. Goldson Jr. declares he wiil
i make a couple of his lenal brethren dance
j to a new tune next week, as he is prepar-
I ing a suit for $299 damages for a practical
joke which they perpetrated upon him.
Yesterday they telephoned Goldson from
i an adjoining orrice requesting him to go at
| once to Berkeley to try a criminal ca*e in
i one of the Justice's courts. He believed
i he was talking to the Berkely Justice and
he agreed to take the case, which finally
he lound did not exist.
The School Census.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 10.— This city
; will during the next two weeks have it's
; school census taken by William N. Friend,
I who has done this work two former years
very satisfactorily. There will be eleven
deputy marshals, seven of whom will do
field work and four will write the reports
up in the office. The deputies as lar as
named are: William Knapp Friend, Wal
ter Barstow, R. T. Chestnut, Frank
Howard, W. I. Robinson, W. C. Harmon,
i Mr. Warren, Mr. Roseberry, James Gil
j bertson, Miss I'earl Knox and Mis« Doug
; las Wnitehead.
SAVING A BOARD BILL.
Aged Solomon Baumgartea Find* Some
Satisfaction In Serving
Time.
Oakland Office San Fhaxcisco Call.)
00S Broadway, April 10. f
Solomon Bnunigarten, wealthy, aged,
the father of eleven children and the hus
band of a young wife, is in the City Prison,
where he will remain for 100 days unless
he pays $100 fine. As he has said that
money is dearer to him than life he will
probably serve his time.
Baunijrarten was an object of great in
terest as he sat in the dock this morning
and heard Judge Wood pronounce sen
tence. No one had any sympathy for him
and even his own people have been advis
ing him to act like a man toward his
young wife and her two-week-old infant.
The old man's attorney made a long plea
for li is client, but without avail.
The prosecution showed that Baumgar
ten was possessed of considerable money
but that he is too miserly to spend a cent
unless absolutely compelled. He has re
fused to furnish bis wife and child with
provisions and clothing and has said that
jail is welcome to him because it will save
him Ins board.
Judge Wood spoke very plainly to the
old prisoner. He said that his attorney's
plea only showed that the old man should
have been prosecuted years ae;o for starv
ing his family.
ALL IN ASHES.
Dr. F. A. Merriinan'e Be: tiful Real-
denco at Piedmont With Ita Con
tents Totally Destroyed.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 10.— The beau
tiful home of Dr. A. F. Merriman, on the
southeast corner of Oakland and Hillside
avenues, at Piedmont, was totally destroyed
by fire shortly after midnight this morning
with its furnishings. The family barely
escaped with their lives. There were In
the house at the time Dr. and Mrs. A. F.
Merriman, Miss Mayrne E. Merriman, Dr.
William C. Merriman, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
W. Thomas, Mrs. L. E. Calhoun, a sister of
Dr. Merriman's from Illinois, and the ser
vant girl.
Tne residence was a large two-story ten
roomed building with larue and commo
dious basement and garret that cost $13,
--000 when built a few years ago by F. D.
Myers. It was insured for $8500. Dr.
Merriman had $6150 Insurance on his
household effects and Mr. Thomas $2000
on nis. The total loss is estimated at fully
$25,000.
M r. and Mrs. Thomas, who wer • married
last fall, lost all their wedding presents, as
as well as their wearing apparel.
The family were kindly taten in by
neighbors.
DR. JEFFERSON ARRIVES
Successor of Dr. McLean for the
First Congregational
Church.
He Expresses Surprise and Delight at
Finding H m c elf in a Land
Equal to Italy.
Oakland Office San Fbahcooo Call,)
903 Broadway. April 10. f
Rev. Charles E. Jefferson, pastor of the
Central Congregational Church of Chelsea,
Mass., who comes as a prospective succes-
The Four Leading Characters in the Play " Love For Love," Which the Students of the State
University Will Present.
sor of Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., in the
First Congregational Church, arrived to
night and is quartered at the Metropole.
A committee consisting of ex-Judge J.
M. Haven, K. W. Snow and J. 15. McChes
ney met him at Benicia at 6 o'clock and
accompanied him to this city.
Rev. Mr. Jefferson is a fine looking man
of medium height, dark complexion and
of medium weight. His manner is cor- !
dial and very pleasing. He makes friends j
readily with all he approaches. In con- j
versation he said:
"I never realized befoie how great a j
country the United States really is. The j
overland trip was very pleasant, but I was
greatly surprise I this afternoon when I i
began to descend the mountains and tind ]
myself in a land equal to Italy. I was
more pleaded with the beautiful scenery I
and nice neat homes. I had no idea of !
seeing things in such condition here. I j
am a stranger in a strange land to-night.
I believe there is not a human being in
the State that I know or have ever seen, j
It seems very odd under these circum- j
stances that I should really be away off !
3000 miles from home in this land of sun- j
shine and flowers."
EUREKA SHINGLE RATES.
They Have Been Placed at 60 Cents to
Chicago.
Word was received by the Southern
Pacific Company yesterday that the con
necting roads to Chicago had agreed upon
a 60 cent per 100 rate on shingles from
Eureka to Missouri and Mississippi River
points and to Chicago in carload lots of
24,000 pounds. This rate will go into
effect on the 20th inst., and will place
Eureka on an equality with the Puget
Sound ports which are in competition
with the Eureka product in the East. The
60-ccnt rate is the same as prevails from
San Francisco and reeular California ter
minals to Chicago. This important con
cession to Eureka was brought about
through the intervention of Traffic Mana
ger Curtis of the Traffic Association.
STUDENTS STAGE STRUCK
Berkeley Collegians Will Put On
Their Second Play This
Week.
A LIQUOR-DEALER MISSING.
It Will Bj Instructor L. D. Syle's
Adaptation of Congreve's Comedy
" Love for Love."
BERKELEY, Cal., April 10.— Some of
the Berkeley students have apparently
become stage-struck, judcing from the
intense interest they have directly taken
in theatrical performances recently. On
last Wednesday evening the Delta Kappa
Epsilon fraternity presented a well-written
three-act farce-comedy composed by one
of the members, and to-morrow evening
another company of student amateurs
will present at Shattuck Hall Instructor
L. Dv Pont Syle's adaptation of Con
greve's "Love For Love." Congreve's
masterpiece has never before been played
in California, though it was staged several
years ai:o at Harvard. Mr. Syle has
adapted the orisrinal to modern tastes, but
the slight changes which he has wrought
have in no way detracted from the bril
liancy and humor peculiar to Congreve
and his day.
A feature of the performance will be the
grand and stately minuet. The costumes
of the performers will be magnificent in
the extreme. The comedy is replete with
bright conversation and spicy dialogue.
The play runs something after this
fashion: Valentine, son of Sir Sampson
Legend, and a young man of good tastes
and impulses, falls unfortunately into
debt as a result of frequenting the London
chocolate houses. He applies to Sir
Sampson for assistance, but is refused un
less he agrees to sign ever his inheritance
to his younger brother. Valentine is in
love with Angelica, an heiress, and to get
square with the world again he agrees to
the paternal mandate. Angelica appears
to have no affection for her adorer, and in
order to make some impression upon her
he feigns madness.
Meanwhile Sir Sampson becomes
smitten with Angelica and gives her his
bond. Of course she is present when the
time comes for Angelica to relinquish her
inheritance. The lawyer announces that
Valentine's signature will count for |
naught, as he is out of his mind. The j
erring son ceases his deception, Angelica !
destroys the bond and the hero captures j
the heroine.
In Instructor Syle's adaptation the char
acters are essentially the same as those in:
the original. The play has Deen reduced
from five to four acts, with one or two
other changes of minor note. The cast is
drawn from among the most talented stu
dents in the university, who have been
practicing on the play for the past three
months.
L. D. Syle has had complete charge of
the affair, having been introduced by him
self. It will be put on both to-morrow
and next Monday evenings at Shattuck
Hall, and will be in the nature of a benefit
to the English lepartment library of the
university and the Eastern track team.
Following is the cast: Sir Sampson Le
gend, father of Valentine and Ben, Frank
Dunn ; Valentine, the hero, fallen under
his father's displeasure by his expensive
living, Willard D. Thompson; Scandal,
his friend, a free speaker, George D.
Kierulff; Ben, Sir Sampson's younger
son, an officer in the navy, Ray Sherman ;
Foresight, a wealthy astrologer, uncle to
Angelica, Frank T. Bioletti; Jeremy,
Valentine's valet, Charles E. Fryer; Trap
land, a scrivener, and Buckram, a lawyer,
E. T. Stadtmuller; Angelica, an heiress,
Miss Jessie M. Anderson; Mrs. Foresight
si-coud wife of Foresight, Miss Emily P.
fthin?; Mrs. Flippant, her sister, Miss
Centennia Barto; Miss Prue, daughter of
Foresight by a former wile and brong >t up
in the country. Miss Alice Marchubout;
nurse to Miss Prue, Mrs. Syle; Jenny,
maid to Angelica, Miss Syle.
A Swell Dancing Party.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 10.— What was
generally considered to be one of the most
successful and swellest dancing parties
ever held at the University of California
was given to-night in Harmon gym
nasium. Many well-known society people
from the prominent dancing clubs on
both sides of the bay were present. The
gymnasium was beautifully decorated for
the occasion and brilliantly illuminated
with electric liehts. A feature of the even
ing was the dancing of three figures of the
german. This was an innovation in
dancing at the university, a german never
before having been introduced. Those
under whose auspices the ball to-night
was given are hopeful that the german
will in the future form a feature of all the
University of California parties.
Oniy 200 invitations were issued, so that
the hall was not overcrowded, as ha 9 been
the case with several of the recent parties
in the "gym." Several of the Greek letter
fraternities threw open their chapter
houses for the reception of guests who had
come from a distance. The german was
led by Clinton R. Morse and Miss Marie
Mes3er, Howard P. Veeder and Miss
Mamie Stubbs and Alpheus F. Williams
and Miss Flora Dean. The three figures
of the germ an which were danced were
the grand right and left, figure eight and
debutantes' march. The german was not
introdnc d, however, until late in the
evening, most of the time having been
given up to assembly dancing.
Following were the patronesses:
Mrs. Martin Kellogg, Mrs. Ben Morgan, Mrs.
W. F. McNutt and Mrs. John Glascock.
Among the professors and their wives
who were present were:
President and Mrs. Martin Kellogsr, Professor
and Mrs. Charles Mills Gayley, Professor and
Mrs. Thomas K. Bacon, Professor and Mrs. E.
B. Clapp, Professor and Mrs. C. C. Plehn and
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Wilson.
Those in the first set were:
Clinton R. Morse and Miss Marie Messer,
Howard P. Veeder and Miss Mamie Stubbs,
Alpheus F. Williams and Miss Flora Dean, Fred
A. Knight and Miss Mabel Mac Donald, Stewart
Kawlinsrs, Burbank homers and Miss Neta
Graham, John B. Merrill and Miss Edna Dick
ens, Thomas Taylor and Miss Elsie Bennett,
Howard Avery and Miss Mamie Polhemus,
Alexander Baldwin, Otto Wedemeyer and Miss
Clara Carpenter.
Among the others present, were:
Miss Josephine Blackmore, Miss Gertrude
Bates, ixiss Frances Currey, Miss Crow-
ell, Miss Pearl Knox, Miss Jessie
Cheever, Miss Carrie Coit, the Misses Crellln,
Miss Florence Dunham, Miss Beruie Drown.
Miss Elsie Davis, Miss Agnes Duff, Miss Mabel
Estee, Miss Gertrude Farnum, Miss Jessie Gles
cock, Miss Ida Giboons, Miss Juliet Garbar,
Miss Ella Holmes, Miss Mollie Hind, Miss
Belle Hutchinson, James bishop, Raymond
J. Russ, J. H. Mee. Fred Bixby, L." Bald
win, Douglas Mcßryde, Russell Selfridg?, Will
Smith, T. Allen Smith, George F. Reinhardt,
Will C. Russell, Temple Smith, Lloyd Robbins,
Dudley Dean, Fletcher MeXutt, Lawrence
Havens, H. H. Lang, Miss Martie Hutchiuson,
: Miss Clara Huntington, Miss Ethel Keeney,
Miss Bernice Landers, Miss Bell Mhoon, Miss
Blanche Morse, Miss Carmen Moore, Miss Amy
Requa, Miss Lillian Strong, the Misses Stubbs,
Miss Belle Van Vlaek, Miss Tibbie Taylor,
1 Messrs. B. P. Miller, Ray Sherman, Wilfred Ran
i some, Power Hutchins, Thomas Van Ness, Frank
1 King, Ira Boss, Frank Ararall, Charles Elston,
j Frea Greenwood, M. Greouway, Vail Bekewell.
Lieutenant Carson. I*. S. A., Lieutenant
i Smedberg, U. S. A., Lieutenant F. L. Wiun. U.
S. A., George Cameron, Roger Friend, Morton
Gibbous, E. T. Hough toil, Maxwell McNutt,
Professor G. M. Richardson, Joseph Powell,
Alf Russell, Charles Mills and William Whea
ton.
Fonzo Skips Out.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 10.— A pecu
liar termination to the Fonzo liquor case
i occurred in Justice James' court yesterday
; morning, Fonzo was charged with selling
; liquor within a mile of the university in
! violation of the State "mi!e-iimit" law.
When the case was called Mr. Fonzo ap-
I peared with his attorney, M. U. Chapman
of Oakland. After an endeavor to secure
a postponement of the case, Mr. Chapman
made once more the oft-denied motion to
dismiss the case on the ground that the
court is no court at all, being illegally
created by a law of the State Legislature.
The motion was once more denied and
Chapman and hisclientleft the courtroom.
After a moment's consultation aside the
two left for Oakland and Fonzo has not
been seen since.
Justice James ordered an adjournment
until 1:30, at which hour court convened
again, but the accused was still absent and
his bonds were declared forfeited. The
bonds were for $500, and the sureties were
J. Raspillar and John E. Boyd.
The unexpected and unprecedented
move made by Attorney Chapman and his
client has aroused much discussion. The
only theory advanced in exulanation of
their action is a desire to speedily secure a
decision on the question of whether or not
Berkeley's justice court is a properly
created legal tribunal. At a late hour this
evening Fonzo had not been found. He
will be arrested as soon as located, and it
is thought that the question of whether
the Berkeley court is a legal one or not will
be tested by habeas corpus proceedings.
Marshal Lloyd had a number of wit
nesses ready to testify in the case, and
says that he had conclusive evidence
against the defendant.
Plan for a New Church.
BERKELEY, ■ Cal., April 10.— Rev.
George A. 3wan, rector of St. Mark's
Church, has suggested a novel plan for the
construction of a new church building.
Rev. Mr. Swan's plan is for the erection of
the church by degrees as the parish is able
to pay for it. According to his scheme, a
large temporary structure would first be
erected for immediate use, trie only per
manent part of it being the chancel,"which
would be the nucleus of a building to be
erected piecemeal, the temporary edifice
being superseded oy section after section
of the projected permanent place of wor
ship.
The present St. Mark's Church has a
seaiing capacity cf about 350. The Rev.
Mr. Swan wants a church with seats for
seven or eight hundred.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call, »
90S Broadway, April 10. j
G. 8. Prosser was elected assignee in Judge
Frick's court this morning in the matter of the
insolvency of R. Bartsch, the pottery man who
was formerly in business in East Oakland.
The amount of the bond was $200.
An important meeting of the Alameda
County Teachers' Benefit Association will be
held to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock in room
'23 of the Oakland High-school building. An
invitation is extended to all the teachers of the
county to be present.
County Clerk Jordan has received a petition,
which he will present to the Supervisors next
Monday, requesting them to open Prospect
avenue, between Broadway nnd Union street,
and Union street, between Prospect avenue
and McAdam street.
Tho Plymouth - avenue Congregational
Church has decided to try an innovation in
its evening service commencing with next
Sunday. Instead of ha ving the usual sermon
nt 7:30 o'clock in the eveuing it will have a
vesper service from 5 until li.
A. F. Williams, the daylight burglar, was
hold to answer to the Superior Court this after
noon for entering the room of J. C. Franklin.
The defendant offered no testimony. He is
now being examined for burglarizing the room
of Aroert panders in the Winter's Hotel.
The ladies of the First Free Baptist Church,
Rev. Philip (iraif. pastor, will give an Easter
dinner to-morrow at 510 Twelfth street, in the
slore in the Masonic buildi:ig formerly occu-
pied by the Telephone Company. DJnner will
be served from 12 to 2 p. m. and from 5 to 8 p. m.
Attorneys Foote and Fitzgerald have secured
a week's extension of time in which to file the
answer of Dr. D. D. Crowley in the suit of his
wife for divorce. They asked for the extension
«o as to have further time for consultation be
fore they made any legal move in the behalf of
their client.
Some time afro George W. Arper indorsed a
$23 note on which lie has not yet been paid,
the signers being H. S. Turner, A. J. Gregg and
J. 11. Payne. As a consequence Arper has at-
I tached lots 14 and 15 in the Broadway View
| terrace, which belong to A. J. Gregg. The note
| whs given to support the Populist newspaper.
Oliver D. Hanlin has applied for letters of
administration upon the estate of Oliver Ham
lin, who died on April 3 during a surgical
operation. The estate consists of real estate in
Alameda and Contra Costa Counties worth
$7500 and personal property valued at $578.
The petitioner, a son of the deceased, is me
only heir.
The returns from one of the precincts in
Alameda County fthowi that on fifty-two out of
200 registration blanks the citizen made his
mark, indicating that ho could not write his
name. This will affect all re-registrations, as
no person can be registered under the new law
who cannot write his own name and read the
constitution in English.
DUFFY'S MANY ESCAPES.
It Is Sairt He Is Now Being Harbored
by Firemen in San Francisco.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 10. —Deputy
Sheriff Al White charjjee the San Francisco
Fire Department with harboring a crimi
nal who is a fugitive from justice and in
terfering with officers. Detective Kiuger
charges that a policeman refused to make
an arrest of a fugitive from justice, whom
he pointed out, without a warrant.
These charges all grow out of the escape
of four prisoners fiom the county jail some
time last fall by cutting through the roof.
One of these was Thomas J. Duffy, charged
with bigamy. White says he saw Duffy in
San Francisco, but he fan into a tire en
gine-house and the occupants refused to
allow him to search the premises. Duffy
was formerly a member of the San Fran-
Cisco Fire Department, and White says he
believes they are harboring him at present.
To-day his mother-in-law called on
Prosecuting Attorney Melvin and de
manded tiie return of the marriage license
of Duffy and her daughter, which had
been used as evidence against him. Sho
did not get the marriage license.
In 1869 much interest was excited in
London by the sessions of a deaf and dumb
debating club.
v* 4'
■ icftfit;.
Jwwl
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ha
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Araga^ra 625KEABNTST. Established
flP"11* HM fn 1854 for the treatment of Private
MIA BM Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
(MESufIHI disease wearing on body and mind nad
t^»#' BHmH Skin Diseases Thedoctorcureswben
fcXVMwHO others full. Try him. Charges low.
CarfisaaranUrd. Call or write.
Dr. J. *'. <i£UUO Box lU37.San Francia-jo.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
r*lrot Class 60.00
Beooxici Class 3300
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street
OOODALL, PEKKINSi CO.,
Oeueral Agent*.
ASTORIA AIIPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colombia sails April 8 and 18
Btate of California sails April 13 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
6OODALL, PERKINS CO., Genl. Snpts.
F. i\ CONGOU. General Agent,
I 680 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPA3I
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM '/feSL.
F.roadwny wharf, Sa% Jb'ranclsco, as sOSnt
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlnjc. Wrangol. Janeaa, Kll-
llsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), m»a.ii., April 14
29, May 14. -.49.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortoa and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 4. 9. 14, If, 24. '.'9. and every fifth
(lav thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. f. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. &,
•t Seattle with O. K. Ky., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
ForKureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Ham-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., April 3. 7. 11
15. 19, 2.-f. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayoco%
Fort Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. /.prl
]. 5.9. 13, 17, 1*1,26, 29 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Pott Harforl
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A. v.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Onaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. April 5.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
ttreet.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gent Agent*.
10 Maricet st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ u OAYSTo,
HAWAII, SAMOA, fiU* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, |l ■»
AUSTRALIA. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Toes.,
April 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
H. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 30,
at " f. m.
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKKLS & BROS. CO.. Agts..
114 Montgomery sU
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
CO3IPAGSIE GESERAL TRAMTL
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH A-^Sm
\J River, foot of Morton St. Travelers by cfiSflt
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aal
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yorz to Alexandria. Egypt, via Pan*
first-class $160: second-class. $116.
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
.. April 11, 8:00 v
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
....- April 18, 3 a. is
LA BOURGOGNK, C*pt. Leboeuf.
April -J5, 9 a. *
' LA NORMANDIE, Capt. lieloncle.,
May 2. 4 a. *.
Kg- For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. . -
ggHfrft.K UASBURGAMEPiICAS IKE
r2*P3**»?s>£» twin-screw express
* EJr ---~T-^ 5 * a *.iS . Line from New York to
! Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Faris & Hamburg.
A. Victoria. April 23 I Normannla May 11
Columbia. May 7 | A. Victoria. May 21
I. Cabin, $75 and upward: 11. Cabin, 15 and 950.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 3 h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOUHG-PARIS, 6V4 h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to Local Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACIET COMPACT.
—
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL JW«-
fortnightly for the West Indies and SmSUB
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourjh,
France, and Plymouth to land passenirers.
Through bills of lading. In connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and trea*.
■re to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, (Southampton. First class, 9195; thlH
OiMfj, #97 M. For further particulars apply to
VAKUOTT & CO., Agents,
306 California at,
VALLEJO, MARE ISL.UD, *BEXICIA, PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STB. JIOXTICELLO, ■'
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. K.
and If.il; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. Mi
Sunday— B p. m.
•4 p. m. only.
Landing, Mission 1. Pier 3.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 8. Washington 3t-
At 5 P. It, Daily, Except Sunday.
tO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STIiAMJKK-:
T. C. Walker. . . „J. D. PeUn.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
1 : Jelechpne Main $06. Cm. Nay. and Imnt. pp. -
1314
SOCIETY IN FULL SWING
Brilliant Reception and Dinner
for Mr. and Mrs. E. B.
Holladay.
YOUNG LADIES SERVE TEA.
Kirkpatrick Luncheon at the Palacfi.
The Scott Tin Wedding—Per
sonal Notes.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Burke Holladay were
the guests of honor at a dinner and recep
tion given on Thursday evening by Mrs.
Jewett at her charmingly appointed home
on Bush street.
The Jewett home, with its vast apart
ments opening into one another, is ad
mirably adapted for entertaining and lends
itself readily to the decorator's art. On the
evening of the reception the decorations
were duinty and artistic.
In the corridor, cordons of snowballs
and sruilax twined the balustrade. In
the main drawing-room Lady Banksia
roses, with just a few sprays of wisteria
to lieiguien the color, banked the mantel.
In the other apartments there were set
decorations. Costly bowls and exquisite
vases were freely distributed and tilled to
overflowing with fragrant blossoms.
In the dining-room the decorations were
all in pink and green. Pink, and green
shaded candle^, pink roses and cool green
lerns were used to carry out the effect.
At table covers were laid for fourteen
and the guests were: Mr. and Mrs. S. W.
Hoiladay. Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Holladay,
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Huntington, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Kruttschnitt, Mrs. Huntington,
Dr. Cbismore and Mr. and Mrs. Frazier.
After dinner fifty guests attended the
reception and there was a musical pro
gramme of unusual excellence.
Mollenhauer played in his delightful
way, Mrs. Kdgerton recited and M^ Delia
toiila j^ave several vocal solos. Hamilton
Howe was accompanist.
Amon? the euests at the reception were:
Mr. nnd Mrs. Homer King, Mrs. EUfrerton, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Mills, Miss Mills, Judge and
Mrs. Evans, Mr. and Mrs. (.ioewey. Miss Ger
trude Uoewey, Mrs. Lillie (oit, .Incite nn.i Mrs.
Curry. Major aiiii Mr.-. I 'arlinn, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mr. Muuh, .iu<lge and Mrs. McKenna,
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young, Mr. and Mrs.
Wildman, Mis- Aldrich, Mr. and Mrs. W. F.
Herrin, Mits Horrin, Mr. Aldricb and many
others.
A prominent an<l interestiiig engag-ement
announced is that of Miss Alice Gerstle. daugh
ter of Lewis Gerstle oi the Alaska Commerciai
Company, and J. H. Levison, marine secretary
of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company.
The prospective bride i> talented and accom
plished, and, like her fiance, is very popular
nmid ht r large circle of friends. The date for
the wedding has not yet heen arranged,
althoueh it is expected that it will be cele
brated before T he summer season.
lithe afternoon teas, which from to-day on
:,r^ to be a feature of the Woman's Exchange,
prove a> Miccessful financially as the inaugural
one of Thursday afternoon then the mm c was
oiH. and the treasury of this deserving
institution will s.>on be tilled to overflowing.
The disagreeable weather nad m> visible
■ >:i the large number ot fashionable
l«<lie> who attenued. and the tlower-decoratea
- were occupied continually during the
hour* of •! to •> o'clock. A number of gentle-
Ecu looked in during the afternoon and dis
tinguisbed themselves by the vast quantities
of tea, coffee and cnocolaie they consumed at
15 <'<-nts per cup.
Misa Mi Kins try jiresidedat the tea table, and
was ably a-siste'l by Miss Ella Morgan, Miss
May Hoffman, Mi^^ Jennie Blair, Miss Laura
Bates, Mi~s Belle McKenna and Miss Cora
Smedberg. Mr<. Bcbmledell, Mrs. Morgan,
Mrs. Alfred .-potts, Mrs. Lilienthal and Mrs.
Louis 81o«8 acted as a reception committee.
<>n Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Kirktiatrick en
tertained a number of ladies at luncheon at
her tpartments at the Palace. Covers were
laid for nine. Seated at the table were: Miss
Newlands, Mi-s Lena Maynanl, Mrs. T. C. Van
Nev. Mrs. Hall McAllister, Mr=. Lillie Colt,
Mrs. James M. Allen, Mrs. Langhorne, Mrs.
Eastcourt Sawyer and Mrs. Kirki'utn<-k.
On Saturday evening last Mr. and Mrs. P.
McG. Mi-Beau entertained a small party of
young folks at the California Theater. l"he r
guests were the Misses Williams. Miss Edith
Mcßean, Walter Hobart, Harry Stetson and
Robert Eyre.
On Monday evening, at their charming home,
1550 Page street, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Scott cele
l>rHt>-d in a novel and original fashion the
tenth anniversary of their wedding. Ten
years a(to, Monday evening last, Miss Curtaz
and J. EL Bcott made a runaway match, and
.their tin wedding was toe only wedding cele
bration the happy couple ever had.
The decoration 1 , of the hou>e as well as all
the accessories of the tables were suggestive of
the occasion. Scrolls of tin twined the chan
delier, decorated the mantels and outlined
door and window casements. The sumptuous
supper was partaken of from tin plates, toasts
being pledged with tin mugs. Games, music
and dancing were tbe features of the evening,
as was also a mock marriage ceremony at
which E. M. Marsh oUieiated. 0. Curtaz
addtd to the evening's entertainment with a.
slcight-ot-hand j>erformance, Sheriff Whelan
■ 1 and there was a serenade by Blr.nch
ard's band.
Among those who assisted at the charming
entertainment wire Mr. ami Mrs. Chanes
stallmau, Mr. and Mrs. Jason W. Nash, Mr.
and Mr-. Richard I. Whelan, Mr. and Mrs.
Wallace A. lien jam in, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Henk,
Mr. and Mrs. George K. Armstrong. William
F. Di.-.ey, < iicer H. Curtaz, Walter X. Brunt,
Walter .'. Btone.
Tne wedding of Miss Carrie Schweitzer and
Mr. Birsch will be solemnized on the '.Jlst inst.
at the Concordia Club, on Van Ness avenue.
Miss Minnie Houghton will spend the sum
met "ii the East witti her sister, Mrs. Buikeley
of Hartford, Conn.
Mrs. Hager is preparing to entertain her
niece, Miss Florence Lticaa of St. Louis. Miss
Local is expected iaily and will arrive in time
to be present at the theatricals.
Mia .tennie Bherwood. who ha 6 been visiting
here from her home in Spokane, left for home
on Wednesday morning. .During her stay here
Mis* Sherwood was the gui-st of Mrs. Colonel
J. D. Fry. On Tuesday evening Mrs. K. D. Fry
gave a delightful informal reception in the
young lady's honor, at which her many
friends availed themselves of the opportunity
to bid her au revoir.
KiSf Mary Harrison is visiting friends at
Portland < >r.
Mr. and Mn. George H. Howard have secured
the residence at 2500 Pacific avenue.
Mrs. X. Dillon and the Misses Kate and Marie
Dillon are once aeain occupying their Pacific
avenue home.
The second of the series of the popular Hofl
rneyer matinee musicaleE will be held to-mor
row at the ltadio,26 O'Farrell street. In these
musicales Professor Hoffmeyer charmingly
blends the instructive with The amusing and
devotes a portion of each morning to a con
tinuous sketch on the "Origin of Melody and
the Rise and Development of Musical Forms."
An unusually line programme lias been ar
ranged for to-morrow to illustrate the lecture
and comprises- gems from Schubert, Chopin,
Beethoven and Liszt.
THISTLE CLUB'S BAL
Scottish Sentiments, Dances, Songs and
Witticisms at U'liai lVrith Hall
Last Night.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club
pave a very successful concert and ball last
night at B'nai B'ritb Hall, on Eddy street,
which was profusely decorated with red,
white and yellow bunting, Chinese lan
terns and American flags.
Over 1000 persons were in the main ball
and the gallery during the musical pro
gramme, and a large number of them re
mained for the ball, which began soon
after 10 o'clock and continued until an
early hour this morning.
Probably the best-received number on
the programme was the Clara Schuman i
ladies' quartet, whose well-trained voices
and attractive appearance called forth the
most enthusiastic applause. But the
sailor's hornpipe, danced by pretty little
Mias F. C. Coulie, the 10-year-old daughter
of (he royal chief, was a dainty exhibition
of childish grace and rnerite"d its hearty
encore. The little girl was dressea in
i-ailor coeturne, consisting of white duck
troupers and a blouse, saiJor r-ap and shoes
oi j>ale-blue material, a combination thai
showed off to advantage a luxuriant growth
of blonde, wavy hair that hung loosely
down her hack.
All the vocal numbers were followed by
encores.
Following is the programme in full:
Overture. Scottish Medley, I. P. R. Teven
dale; words of welcome, Koynl Chief J. I*.
Coulie; soprano solo, "Caller Herrin'," Miss
Ethel Graham; recitation (selected), Miss Zil
lah Coonley; vocal solo, "Scotland," James
Niven; address, the Rev. Dr. R. Mackenzie;
contralto solo, "The Star of Glengarry," Miss
Jessie Finnic; Highland fling, "Money Musk."
P. D. Kindlay; quartet, "Annie Laurie," the
Clara Schuman Ladies' Quartet (Mrs. Don Pnr
dee Riggs, first soprano; Mrs. J. J. Newbegin,
second soprano; Miss Mona Taubman, first
contralto: Miss Daisy May Cressy, second con
tralto: Miss Ada Newbegin, accompanist);
Sailor's Hornpipe, in costunje, Miss F. C.
Coulie; funnyisms, Jack Cat Heart; Irish jig
and reel dancing. Miss May Kavanagh, as
sisted by the celebrated Irish piper, Professor
McCarthy.
THEIR WORK IS ENDED.
The Grand Lodge of the I>egree of
Honor Adjourns for Two Tears.
The second and last day's session of the
Grand Lodge of the Degree of Honor was
held yesterday in B'nai B'ritb Hall.
The Grand Lodge degree was conferred
upon Past Chief of Honor Eva Cogan of
Ivy Lodge No. 4 of Oakland and Lucy Me-
Near of Silver Spray Lodge No. 3 of San
Francisco. The following officers were
then elected:
| G. C. H.. Nellie J. Masters of Los Angeles; G.
| 1.. H., Evyln F. Mayon of Oakland; G. C. C,
i Viola S.Norman of Monrovia; G. Recorder,
; Kate M. Poland of San Francisco; G. Receiver,
; Maggie Alien of San Francisco: G. U., Flora J.
I Nay of l'asadena; G. I. \V.,Lena 1). Lewis of
North Temescal; G. O. W., Minnie F. Hollis of
' San Fraticisco; G. M. E., James L. Mayou of
. Uaklaud.
The grand recorder was accorded the
i degree of past grand chief of honor, she
I having been grand recorder ever since
J the organization of the Degree of Honor in
California. Mrs. M. J. Stewart was selected
I as deleiratr- to .the Superior Lodge, which
! meet 3in Buffalo June 10.
The report of the committee on distribu
tion was accepted.
Tue report of the committee on finance
was diviued into four sections, reconumend
ing:
(1) That the financial part of the grand re
corder's report be accepted; (ii) that the grand
chief of honor be allowed $2(H> per annum for
traveling expenses; (3) that the grand record
er receive an increase of .SSO In her salary. (4)
that the r>er capita tax lor the ensuing year be
lowered trom 90 to 75 cents.
The report was adopted. Mrs. M. J.
Stewart, D. S. Hirshberg and W. H. Barnes
were elected superior representatives, and
it was resolved that the Grand Lodge shall
not convent 1 again until the first Thursday
after tne first Tuesday the A. O. U. W. has
its session in April, 1898.
Alter the installation of officers, James
j Booth of Los Angeles was appointed as ad
viser to the grand chief of honor, and Mrs.
Ida Bradley of Oakland as chairman of the
committee on finance.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs L Buhring. Auburn Miss H S Buhrlng, Aubrn
D MeFaull, Nevada W C Walker, San Jose
C M Jackson, Stockton A Kepich, Redwd City
E Custer. Redwood City C Beeyer, Redwd City
F J Bishop, Stockton W Crater, Pinole
F Knusting, Franklin A Lyor. «$: w. Portland
W E Carter, s;ockton J Merchant. Walla Walla
Mrs Merchant. Walla W W Merchant, Walla W
Alfred Shepard & f, Mich D E Snyder <fe w, Ind
J F Dengier, N V' C C Schef moes, N V
Mri D Conkling, Cal .Miss J V Conklins. Cal
11 T Smith. Port Coata Mrs W McKnight. C Kay
H D Nichols. NY* M 1. Stangroom, New
I H N F^li.x. N V Whatcum
W c Brooks. Cal W H Devlin, Sacto
! C E Allen it w, Sacto I J Crow. Sacramento
C C Hrtch <fc f. Sacto Ernest Aaron, Sacto
I, Mayb»ll. Sacramento Arthur Llbby, Sacto
iJ P Burch <fe w, sacio E T Mackintosh, L Ang
I D C Austin * f, San Jose F B (rain, firass Valley
J M Lawrence <fe w, El- T Baldwin Jr, Davisvilfe
i mira W c McAllister* f.Stkn
1 W H Jones, Stockton 15 X Tyler. Stockton
I Mrs H Abbott, l nico C P Arnold A f .Chicago
I George P Bliss, N V T c IVt-rs A f, Chicago
: Miss C Peters. Chicago Mrs Lansing. Chicago
J MotliU, Brooklyn J E Bush A 1. l\"y
Miss P Bush, Milton. Ky R B Sht-rmau & f, Moss
Miss Sherman, Mass
PALACE HOTEL.
(i F Muskey, New York C J Steadman. Salt Lake
W H Thomas. Salt Lake EL McKelleps, Nevada
C A Cooke, Boston Q F Maskey, New York
J B Col van, New York J W Robertson. Denver
T E X Corman.SausalitO M Thomas, Hlyni
C J Uwen, San Jose G E Cory. Pitts
! H R Armstrong, Duluth Mrs 1 Menzies, Scotland
I Mr* Mrs WO King.N V M J.oyarraya. Mexico C
: Mr A Mrs L E Harding Miss c M Jennings, Mich
Miss •' B Pittman, Mich Miss M Norton, Mich
j L D Smith, Ene'and W Depleclge, England
! Mrs L- H Rice, Mass G B Hawkins, England
1 J M Galt.llanfonl C B Bo 'ue, Chicago
! H A Owen. Majs Mrs A P Johnson, Cal
I Miss M Johnson, C«l E F Sweeney, Seattle
jH M GHlig, New Y"ork L Cox, New York'
j C Francis. Boston C Francis Jr. Boston
Mrs H I'ater. New York Mrs H L Thayer, Cal
i Mrs J J Taylor, Me Mrs W A Tucker, Me
Miss L D Williams, Phil Miss M E Williams. Ohio
F G Hume, Los Gatos W 0 Dart. Oakland
L Hawkin.s scrty of Rio D X Cameron, Chicago
I J L Wright, Boston H C Nelson, Englaa/1
I M Kuhn, New York J H Brandmoro, N V
IB U Sieinman <fe w, Sac Sam Dight, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
A 1. Levinsky, Stockton i)r Bush * f, Fortnna
J Edmonds, Sacto F J Teggert, Stanford
J Smith, Sacto H U Lee. Denvpr
T Alderson, Placerville L A Sheldon. I'asadena
E Wittmer, Placerville S T Hall, Sacto
H T Power, Auburn E J Roy, Lompoc
J Houston, Courtland w W Douglas. Saclo
F R Dawson, Redding W V Ryan, Nevada
J H Stover, st Helena Mrs H -hor;, Ft Worth
J A Haskell. Cal Miss J But- r, Ft \\ orth
A Duffers, San Rafael F M Lt-iand. Cal
Mrs Hayes, N V' Miss Van \"liet, S Koisa
Miss Hayes, N V' C Hayes, Cal
R M Jason. Los Angeles C W Hinchcliff, L Angel
Miss A Mason, Scranton B Burton, Marysville
J Q Nason. Boston J Thompson, Stockton
R Rich. Kingman Mrs Cavanagb, Pet
T Dennett & w, N V Miss Cavanagh, Pet
J Rice it w, Santa Rosa A Montgomery. I'kiah
J Tait, Stanford G Munson, Detroit
J Jones, ~acto J J Smith, Stockton
M Schwar, N V W A Lyons, N V'
Mrs > B McWhirter. Cal E J Couper & w, Minn
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Giles, Chico J Roche. Marysville
T Nugent, Red Bluff W G Flint, Spokane
s M Binisall. Souoma M J Sullivan, Towles
II Jones, Vacaville W H Noble, Dallas
J A Morris, Bos on MrsM E Foser, Honolulu
J P Roelofsy. Vacaville FAlbarda, VaoavUie
J J Helm, Kansas City B T Hardin, Kansas City
G H Perry, Quincy Mrs C F Perry, Quincy
F Luckenback, NY' B F Springstein, Napa
Mrs M Judge, salt Lake Miss V Judge, Sslt Lake
H C Smith. NY" B Moore, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Myland, Sydney H M shields & w, S Lake
B L Fisher, Alameda \V OdeU, San Jose
N P Shaw, San Jose J P My lar, Cal
H Hard, Los Angeles A S Brmshaw A wf. Or
J Singlrr* wf, Ind Frank Currie, Seattle
AETumncliiTc.Corvallis W S Clark, Corvallis
J W Shea, Portland H M Shulis & w, S Lake
A Kennedy, B C W Dalton, Victoria
3AN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CALt
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICE 3-830 Montgomery sti**t,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, orxin
•ntll 9 o'clock.
8618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
Kds= SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
it^o" Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets. Rev. J. Stephens, pastor, residence
309 Haicbt street. Preaching et 11 a. m and 7-30
P.M. At 11 A. M., Rev. M. C. Brings D.D.. will
preach. At 7:30 p. M. the pa.stor will preach.
Subject: "Religion's— Why and Wherefore." Sun-
day-school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. P.rkins. superin-
tendent : Epworth League at 6:30 p. M. The pub-
lic cordially invited to all the services of this
church, seats free. Us iers in attendance. Prayer
meeting, Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
ft^S* HOWARD-ST. METHODIST EPIBCO-
Q-**' pal church, bet. Second and Third sts., two
blocks from Palace Hotel — Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
pnslor. Mr. Martin BdUtltZ, musical ilirpctor; W.
F. Gibson, Sunday-school superlnt<-ndent. Hours
of public services, 11 a. m. and 7:45 r. m. Sunday-
school at 13:30. ITayer-mpeiing W» clnesday even-
ing. P^pworth League 6:45 Sunday evening.
Morning subject. "Watchman, What of "the Night?"
Evening subject, "The Crime of the Century."
Pastor's residence. 212 Powell St.; telephone, black
1131 : church telephone, black 961.
!st^» FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
l**£r cor> van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor; Rev. Kdwin H
Jenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. m. Mr. Jenks wiil preach at 7 :30 f. m. Sunday-
school at 12:45 p. M.; Young People's society of
Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are welcome to
these services.
IBp^» UNION -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
u*-**^ Church (open communion), Bush st., near
Larkin— Rev. William N. Meserve. pastor. Preach-
ing by the pastor Sunday morning. Subject : "The
Aftermath." livening: "A Notable Pilgrimage."
Sunday-school, 12:30 r. m. Juniors at 6 p. m.
Christian Endeavorers at 6:30 p. m J. H. Norris,
org-nist and musical director, and a quartet choir
nd in ih° sonir service. . -.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
**• WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
NOTICE OF; MEETINGS.
tt^S* MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. and '■" ' "■"
VSZer A. M. — Called meeting THIS Jk
(SATURDAY) EVENING, at. 7 o'clock. VJf
Third degree. By order of the W. M. /VN
CD. BUNKER. Secretary.
ff^' McKINLEY CLUB, FORTY-FIRST AS-
Hff-JS' sembly District, meets TO-NIGHT, 1209
Polk st., to select delegates to State Convention.
Members attend.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
|f^g=» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
: i>-^ WEEKI-V CALL. IP wrapper, for mailing.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
S^^^mVtDE^D^io'viCE- THe"nEVADA
a»-^ Bank of San Francisco. The Board of Direc-
tors of this bank have declared a dividend (No. 16)
for the quarter ending March 31 at the rate of six
(6) per cent per annum, payable on and after the
16th of April. Transfer-books will be closed from
the 10. h to the 15th inst.. both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, April 8, 1896.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
[J^Jp BAD TENA>?TS ETECTED^FOK^iT;
B«-* ? collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,'room 6. Tel. 6580.
B^jS=* WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
v*& scrubbed : reasonable rates: payment for
csrnnges euaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO.. 242 Sutter.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALe7~
IjURST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
situation: best reference; cilv or country. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
T ADIES! FOR FIRST-CLASS COOKS, WITH
JJ best city references, upstairs girls, housework
girls and nurses please call or address MISS
HICKEY. 1033 Post st. Tel. Suiter 52.
(SCANDINAVIAN < IRL TO DO HOUSEWORK;
O is a good cook; wages $25. Call 414 Folsom.
yOUNO LADY WISHES COOKING AND AS-
-»■ Bist: wages $12 to $15. E. M., box 71, Call.
"y OUNG RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL— TO
-I assist or do general housework in a small
family; references if required. 2 Farren aye., bet.
Pierce and Scott sts., off Eddy.
■yOUNii GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
-I- upstairs work or care children. 431 Ridley st.,
bet. Church and Sanchez.
•yOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION TO AS-
-1 sist with housework; small wages. Address G.
L., box 134, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WANTS A SlTUA-
tion as nurse or housekeeper in the city or a
short distance in the country. Call or address 240
Shotwell st,
OITUATION WANTED BY a RESPECTABLE
O woman to do housework where she can sleep
home, or will work by the day; can give the best
of references. Address MRS. WARD, 1818
Laguna st., rear.
HOT LHE L P^2 V A' COMPETENT GIRLS,
used to work, will go to resort or city house at
reasouanle remuneration; well recommended.
ELLA, 865 Broadway, Oakland.
\ r OUNG LADY. WITH KNOWLEDGE OF
dressmaking, cutting and fitting, wishes place
with dressmaker; willing to maKe herself gener-
ally useful: small saiary; object advancement.
Call or addrrss 16211 Howard st., rear.
\\r ANTED— BY YOUNG ENGLISH WOMAN,
«» age 28, a position as housekeeper, chamber-
work or any place of trust. Call from 10 to 4or
address L. 0., 1615 Larkin st.
I EXPERT STENOGRAPHER, WITH FIRST-
■J class references, wishes a position. Address
B. C., box 42. this office.
TV"EAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS A
-L' position for general housework: is very good
cook: best references In German and English. Call
621 Twenty-fourth st.
T/URST-CLASS COOK AND BUTTER-MAKER
-L wishes situation in city or near; first-class ret- j
erences. B. M., 325 Batter st.
WEDISH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
O day washing or housecleaniog. Address 448
Twenty-sixth st.
ELIABLE WOMAN WITH A CHILD, GOOD
xt cook, wishes a situation to do general house-
work; city or country. Address 512 Howard si.
VOUXG WOMAN WISHES PLAIN SEWING
-land mending; children's clothes and white
clothes. Address or call 715 Natoma st., room*
10 and 12.
RE^SMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS;
$126; cuts by tailor system; good filter:
dresses made over. Address D. M., box 101, Call.
WOMAN WISHES TO DO WORK BY THE
»» day; any kind of work. Call or address 408
McAllister st. ; bakery.
C GERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO
' X light housework and plain cookint;. 7a Ran-
dall place, off sixteenth st., bet. Mission and
Valencia.
yOCXG GIRL SPEAKING FRENCH AND
i- English; do children's dresses; would like posi-
tion in respectable family ; care for children and
light housework. Address 511 Hyde St., from 10
A. M. to 4 P. M. * :
V"EAT YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL WANTS
-l-> general housework in an American family; Is
a good plain cook; wages $20. Call or address
1810 Broderick st.
RPHAN GIRL, 13 YEARS OLD, DESIRES
good home; speaks English an;! German; refer-
ences. Address O. G., box 124, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED SEAMSTRESS DESIRES
-i^ plain sewing and mending; hours 1 to 5. 105
Stockton st., room 22.
I FRENCH LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO
do sewing, etc.; good dressmaker: waiting, etc.,
and as chambermaid. Address LEONIE EIILY,
13 Trenton st.,off Paclfic.bet. Stockton and Powell.
GOOD COOK, SWEDISH WOMAN, LATELY
from the East, with best of inferences, wishes
a situation; American family preferred. Call or
write to A. J., 3'JBy 3 Tenth st,
VOUXU LADY WISHES ANY LIGHT OCCU-
J. pation from 9 till 5 p. m. daily: can cut and fit
dresses; children's clothes made, etc Apply 706
Ellis st. ■ :»*•■...-»'
"yOUNG WIDOW DESIRES SITUATION",
I. housekeeper or general housework; city or
country. 9051/ a Powell st. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THU
--"V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS IVANTED-31A1,E.
HUNTER & Car^?IfrNESE~AND" JAPAjS
ese employment oflice, 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
Pc. cooks hoc SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
• branches -.short notice. 34 Geary. tei. Grant 4tJ.
CIHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
I office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell; teL E. 426.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
NMARRIED MAN, 30 YEARS OLD,
U wishes position in hospitai or some institution:
strictly temperate: speaks English and German; a
handy man all around ; city or country. S. GROSS,
511 sixth St., Oakland.
QITUATION WANTED as ASSISTANT
O bookkeeper, stock or ping clerk, driver of
delivery wagon or porter: long experience and
eood city references. Address H. E., box 131,
Call Office.
TVTURSE OR VALET; 6y 2 YEARS EXPERI-
i-' ence; understands massage and alcohol rub-
bing: lirst-class references; wages $20 per month.
M.R. 8., box 7, Call Office, Oakland.
MAN ABOUT PLACE WANTS SITUATION:
can drive, milk and do gardening; reference
given. Address E. F., box 73, this office.
\\ AN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WISH A SIT-
-1»1 nation on a fruit farm ; man good horseman.
Address C. G., 1201 Folsom St.
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK; MAN
good rough carpenter; woman good cook
Address M. W., box 164, Call Office.
A7OUNG .MAN OUT OF EMPLOYMENT WILL
-I be glad to work for board. Address \V\, box 21,
this office. '
QTEADY YOUNG MAN (ENGLISH) WITH
kJ good education wishes situation. Address R.
bor 81, Call Office.
B~ ONDS AND REFERENCES GIVEN TO PAR-
ties for situation as watchman or porter. Ad-
dress J. S., 246 Third St., city.
QITUATION WANTED TO DRIVE MILK
O wagon: well acquainted with city. Address
M. W., box 48, Call. .
M ERIC AN (28 YEARS) WISHES A POST-
lon as driver of horses; has business college
education. Aadress American, box 137, Call.
RCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPEN FOR
engagement; 15 years' California experience;
orchard, vines, stock and general farming; Al
references. Address Ranch, 3121,4 Fulton st.
CMOACHMAN: (ENGLISH): , THOROUGHLY
/understands bis business; also garden and
cows; first-class Eastern . and California refer-
ences. Add. TED, 1649 Everett St., Alameda, Cal.
RELIABLE MAN WANTS POSITION AS
-IV coachman and , gardener; can milk; city or
country: good references. Address J. M. box 126
Call Oilice. - 7.*.; v.V.>,
WANTED— SITUATION TO CARE HORSES
»» and garden; handy with tools and is good
driver. Address O. p., box 22. this office.
TV lAN WHO CAN RUN CIRCULAR SAW-
-I'J handy with bench tools and machinery; fair
wages. GEORGE R. HUFF, 606 Folsom st. '
S~ OBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
O class Eastern and San ■; Francisco references
I wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
dress C. G., box 137, Call Office.
I^IRST-CLASS PAINTER, TINTER ANTD
-1 paper-hanger : wants ; work .by the ■ day ; roll or
contract. Address Paper-hanger, box 72, Call.
AN, 30. THOROUGHLY RELIABLE, NOT
•Hi- afraid of work, wants, employment; writes a
good hand. Address N. N.. box 120, Call Office.
"TIT ANTED-SITUATION TO CARE FOR
" horses, drive and do gardening: low wages-
best of reference. C. C, box 131, Call Oflice. '
"VI AN AND WIFE: MAN AS FOREMAN IN
i»l cellar and vineyard, thoroughly understands
his busiuess: wife to do cooking; good reference
J. P., box 163, Call Office. . .
STEADY RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN <'>2)
O wishes a situation. Address THEODORE
PETERSON, 821 Hampshire st., city. V " UR^
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
in private place to tane care of horses, garden
and cows; good driver: best of references Ad
dress J. WAXDEN, Napa, CaL :
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continued.
GERMAN MAN AND WIFE CAPABLE AND
vi Industrious want situation, or would take full
charge nt private place or small ranch: man is a
gardener and handy man; wife a good strong
house-worker. Address M, box 3, Call Office,
Oakland.
CO A CHMAN-A YOUNG EASTERN MAN
/ wishes situation in gentleman's place; thor-
oughly understands his business; years of New
i oik City references. Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
ramento St.. S. F.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, h6spTtal,'s4o;~cook, private
family of 2 persons. $30: cook, Placer County,
9-5: Salinas, $20, and other towns; 16 housework
girls, city, $20 and $25: 6 young clrls assist, $10 to
Sl6. MISS CULLEN, 323 Gutter st.
COOK, GERMAN INSTITUTION, $30: GOOD
place. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
OCA NDINAVIAN COOK, COUNTRY, $25; 3
0 in family. MISSCULLjEX, 323 Sutter.
GERMAN OR SWEpitri GIRL, HOUSE-
work, 2in family; $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
\V OMAN, WITH a CHILD, 15 TO $20. MISS
" CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
VI OTHER AND DAUGHTER, «26; GOOD
m place. Mist? CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
l r H GIRL AS COOK, JEWISH FAMILY,
-» *oO; waitrpss, private family, $25; nurse, $20;
andotheri^JNnsS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
PROFESSIONAL COOK FOR INSTITUTION.
-*- must have references, $50: pastrycook and
naKer. summer resort, $50: cooks, country hotels,
»J&. $dO and «25 : German cook for private family.
V : chambermaid and waitress, small hotel, near
city, $20; waitress, south, fare advanced, $20:
waitress.summer resort, $20: laundress and second
girl, with references, $25; German girl, house-
work, $25. C. R. HANSEN <& CO., 110 Geary st.
TTEAD WAITRESS AND 2 WAITRESSES,
- 1 - 1 -. same country hotel, $30 and $20. Annie Hill
and Mary McLaiighlin, please call or send address
to C. It. HANSEN & CO.'S, 110 Geary st.
\\rAITRESSES THIS DAY SURE FOR SUM-
' » mer resorts, water resorts, country hotels, $20
each, C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
W ANTED— COOK FOR INSTITUTION, $30;
' » German cook, $30: French elderly nurse, $20;
housework girl, German family, $25; cashier,
restaurant, $4 a week: waitress, restaurant, $5 a
week: young girl for country, $15; young nurse-
girls, $10. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
anted-german SECOND GIRL AND
' » nurse, $25; 3 cooks, plain wash, $25 and $30;
waitress, restaurant, $20: and a great many girls
for cooking and housework in city and country. J.
F. CROSETT AC „ 312 Sutter st.
pOMPANION, OAKLAND, $18: HOUSEGIRL,
American family, $26: ranch cook, $20; cook,
$Zo. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
GOOD SEAMSTRESS, WILLING TO EX-
VX change service, can have large alcove with
breakfast, $12 per month. Address H. W., box
114, Call.
YOUNG GIRL WANTED AT 214 CHATTA-
-I- liooga st. ; wages $8.
12 RIGHT WOMAN FOR OFFICE OF WHOLE-
-i-» sale house; not under 25: experience unneces-
sary: references. C, box 72. Call.
yOUNGGIRL WANTED IN SAN RAFAEL
-i to help take care of 2 small children; $8 per
month. Address D. C, box 28, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG WOMAN TO DISTRIB-
»' me type; must be competent. Apply at rooms
6 and 7, Manning place, off Eighth St., bet. Market
and Mission.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
-'l Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free 'bus to and from ferry.
]{RIGHT INTELLIGENT LADY to SOLICIT
\J for printing. P., box 110. this office.
Y°UNO GIRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
x housework and care of children; one who
speaks German preferred. 118 Fair Oaks st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO ASSIST WITH
housework and help with children. 732
Twenty-fifth st.
GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
home; references. 637 Ellis st.
Al* 1" RENIICKS ON CUSTOM COATS; PAY
-fv while learning. 410 Kearny st., room 24.
HA I R DRESSING, 25c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101egsons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
DX ESKM A KING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
WINCHESTER H O USE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200 I
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f ">e but to and irom the ferry.
\ PPRKNTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-\ tiii.-:>ti(i mHklng. 14 McAllister. nri.sK7andH&
MALE HELP WANTED.
W A NTED-G ERMaN OR SWISS COOK FOR
»» private family, S7O; second butler, English
preferred, $40: assistant in confectionery, $25;
uisht cook. $8 a week. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st.
CI RCULAR-SAWYER. COUNTRY SAWMILL,
\J $4 a day, see boss here foreman for a marble
quarry, $3 a day; 4 quartz-miners, $2 50 to $2 76
a day; shingle-sawyer, $35 and found: 3 milkers.
*18, $20 and $25: man to raise poultry, $20 and
found; 4 farmers. ?15 to $20: ranch carpenter,
$20. C. R. HANSE.s & CO.. 110 Geary st.
HEAD MEAT COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL,
$75; pantryman, country hotel, $20 and fare
advanced: cook and wife, country, restaurant,
$30. c. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
Qfl f\fif\ REDWOOD TIES TO CUT. 8, 9, 10,
V\>.\J\J\r Hand 12 cents each; 15,000 cords of
4- foot red won-1 timber to cut, 70c cord; carriage-
setter or screw turner: spool tender: broom-maker;
charcoal-burner, $1 50 day and board; 3 wire-nail
operators, $2 50 day. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
X HOTEL waiters, $20, $25, $30 ; 6 HOTEL !
'J cooks, $25, S4O and $65; 2 dishwashers, $20; I
lroner: German boy to work in restaurant; voice- I
table gardener; farmer and wife; farmer for |
County, $20; 2 ranch teamsters, $20; 4-mule •
teamster, $20: 5 laborers for a ranch. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— SHINGLE-SAWYER, $30 TO $35
'» and found, call early; 41 quartz-miners, $2 60
a day and $40 and board ; 2 woodchoppers, $20
and board; boy for a grocery, «8 and found; neat
young man for lunch counter, $20 and found and
others. Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
CI OOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $40; DISH WASH-
/ er, country restaurant, $4 a week; 6 laboring
men to make roads in the woods, $20 and board-
-6 tiemakera, He, 9c and 10c apiece. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
\y ANTED— AMERICAN COACHMAN ON A
'» gentleman's ranch near city, ;$25 per month ;
Port Costa please telegraph last address. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay stf
HKL P! LOOK OUT! SOMETHING GOING
to drop; if lean find good efficient help, viz.,
cook, waiter and porter for first-class saloon and
grillroom, either white or colored, who can attend
to their duties and mind their own business and
work reasonable. I shall drop both the little red
men and Chinamen; give age, etc.. and name last
employers. Address Saloon Reform, box 137, Call.
BOY IN DRUGSTORE: AGE 14 OR 15; REF-
erence; living with parent!. California and
Devlsadr-ro sis.
A GENTS WANTED TO SELL "OUR NATIVE
■£*- Herbs" blood and liver remedy. Room 76, St.
Ann's building.
T7 XPKUIENCED PRESSER ON ICLOAKS.
-IJ BOTWIN, History building, room 34, 723
Market st.
EAMENAND ORDINARIES FOR EUROPE
h_ and Honolulu. Apply 10 Steuart st., upstairs.
wanted— good barber for satur-
» » day and Sunday; good wages. Call 265 Third
St. or4BTebama before 7.
GOOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY; CALL AT
8 o'clock. 623Clnyst.
GOOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 62 SEV-
enth st.
ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST."-
BA RBF.R WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 609 Larkin st.
BA it BE R WANTED SATURDAY AFTER-
noon and Sunday. 872y 2 Howard at.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY!
269 Third st. -
BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 1630 MISSION
street.
ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 626 FOURTH
street. .
ARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
Apply 1444 Valencia st.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY ON PERCENT-
ago. 1119 Folsomst., near Seventh.
OGOOp BARBERS; $3; FOR SATURDAY.
*-i 5253/ i; Fourtn st.
/ OO I) ~~H US lIE LMAN WANTED AT RA-
VJ PHAEL'S, 9 Kearny st.
THIRST-CLASS HALF-TONE OPERATOR. AP-
-L ply, with reference. H. T., box 82, Call.
VI A X AND WIFE TO WORK ON RANCH
■i-T-i- $25 per month. Address Ranch, box 111. Call.
YY ANTED— GOOD «ARBER FOR SATURDAY
and Sunday at 1371/2 Fifth st. -•
W ANTED— BOY. TO MAKE HIMSELF USE"
»' ful about store. Apply bet. 10 and 11 a. m
914 Market st. ■ , . ' . . .
jvOOTBLACK WANTED AT BARBER-SHOP"
-*-* 2439 Mission st.
\\' ANTED-CARRIEK, - FREEMASON, THIS
'' morning. 408 California st., room 7.
GOOD CANDVMAKEK. APPLY 1132 VA-
lencia St., from 8 to 10 a. m.
EXPERIENCED BUSINESS MAN WHO IS
willing to invest $200 in saloon and lunch-
nouse; no agents. Address E., box 79. Call Office.
• VXPERIENOED OPERATORS ON LADIKS 1
-LJ jackets and suits. DANNENBAUM, MUEL-
___* KAHN, 733 Market St.. fourth floor. :
YY ANTE D-Al CARPET-LAYER; WAGES
tt $12 a week. C, box 14. Call Office.
1 ( 10 M? N To GET A ' FIRST-CJ.ASS SHAVE
X\JM free. Inquire 639 Kearny st. .■;
MUSH AND MILK. SOUP, PIE. PUDDING
■I'l i.r fruit and two kinds of vegelables free with
all our 10c meals. «39 Kearny si. , ;
WANTED —PARTNER:'" ESTABLISHED
» » business: $100: , on easy terms. J. . M., box
111, Call Office. ', / '
VfEN'S y a -SOLING 50o: LADIES' 400; DONE
I 1U while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
HELP WANTED-Continued.
\Y A X TKD^A ; IC^L~"f^¥nITURE
-.»» salesman; one with some knowledge of ut>-
holstery ana carpets preferred. Apply 523
Market st., room 7, from 3 to 6 p. m. ..-,;
VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 mission, BET.
-»-' 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
Strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
\U ANTED— AN UPHOLSTERY AND CAR-
" pet salesman: none but those with practical
experience in a retail house need apply, call at
623 Market at., room 7, from 3 to 6 p. m.
AY. BOYS— TONY, 722 HOWARD, GIVES 3
_ eggs, mush, soup, coffee, 10c; a good square
meal for 6c; give us a call. £':> I
ffl» *7^A PAYING CORNER SALOON WANTS
O\J. partner; experience not necessary. 633
Howard st.
E~ ASTER WEEK— 2 EGGS, WITH
coffee, tea or milk, bread, butter, etc., sc. 635
Clay st., Big Yellow Front.
lIVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
1 profitable proposition; accident, health and life
insurance. Call Del. 3 & 5 p. m., or address Fidelity
I Mutual Aid Association. 316 California, room 18.
CIOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
\J a. m. at Golden Gate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 1212 to 1218
Market st. _^
BEST IN CITY— SING • E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $ i. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesaorff sts.
\Y ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. i
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 52;) SACRAMENTO
" St.: 200 rooms; best in the city- si ng.e rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a w<»ek: meals 10c
MEN'S SOLES, 60c; HEELS, 25c: DONE 16
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
YY ANTED- BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
» » trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terms by calling this
week; catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1516 Howard st. > / 1
LASK A GOLD FIELDS.
The fast sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco
for cooks Inlet direct on April 16, weather permit-
ting, taking a limjted number of passengers. For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Shipbroker and Agent, 606 Battery st.
1 I)A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
X \'\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-» inent, secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye, S. FUCH3.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Kec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238 3 O'Farrell.
T>EST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOXD-HAXI)
JJ shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission su, between First and Second sts.
T> OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
-It 20c to 50c night; $1 to *4 week: open all night.
\\ EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
+'* all grocers keep it.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863i£ MARKET mt""""*
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $S week.
ATTO'S LAW r AND COLLECTION AGENCY
Prompt collections; references. 512 Montg'y.
W l ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a nl«ht; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
YY ANTED— TO COLLECT WAGES DUE
»» laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutler st.
I?REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOIi sc;
J also a bottl «of lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
ri> R Y ACME HOUSE, 907 MARKET 1 ' ST.. 88-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a niKht: $1 a week.
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
readine-room: daily papers. 38 Cut v st.
AGENTS ANTED.
ANVASsk"Rs7$i PERDAY GUARANTEED.
\J Room 41, 14 McAllister st.
A GENTS WANTED IN EVERY CITY AND
-£A_ town of the Pacific coast to handle the best,
quick-selling novelty out; no bum Dug; write to-
day; full particulars with samples 10c. Address
MANUFACTURERS' AGENT, P. O. box 2068,
San Francisco. CM. y ■;->-■.
HOUSES WANTED.
W" ANTED— FURNISHED COTTAGE OF 3
"" bedrooms for 3 months; one hour's ride from
Sim Francisco: state rent. Add. 6131/2 Lombard.
ROOMS WANTED.
\\rA.VTED-2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
" rooms; central location. E., box 4, Call Office.
ANTED— ROOM 25x40; DISTRICT BOUND-
" ed by Kearny, Taylor, Market and Post sts;
suitable for lodgerooras. Address Tenant, 214
Pine st., room 10. ■■■ - - . .. ■
wan t ted-miscei.i,a:neous.
W~~anl ; e S^buogtSobsr^fcmr^li OR~2
»" months or more, by responsible party, for its
care. Address 612 Montgomery st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS,~CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal
CLAIRVOYANTS. ■
Y^ETIjR?CED-MMsT J D^r^TXANTA7^U^
J-V ness and test medium; tells from cradle to
grave; reveals every hidden mystery; gives advice
on love, marriage and all affairs; she has no equal;
before going on a journey or into business call on
the gifted lady; locates mines and buried treasure;
removes evil influences; all should seek her coun-
sel; hours, 9a.m. to 8 p.m.; open Sundays. 1055
Market st., opp. Hibernia Bank. ,
RARE OPPORTUNITY ~
' to consult the great clairvoyant,
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
Knowledge is Power.
Remain not In darkness and ignorance, but seek
the light of wisdom and learn what the future holds
for you. He is ever ready to assist the troubled
and unfortunate, and always meets with success.
All are pleased with his readings. PROFESSOR
F. EUGENE, 1728 Market st.
PROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE MaHATMA
palmist and clairvoyant medium, 315 Kills St.,
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings; ladies 50c, gents $1.
CAC AND $1. . . 50C AND $1.
*J\J PROFESSOR LEON, 533 POST ST.
Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage," divorce, etc.; letters
with stamps answered. Hours 9 to 8; also Sunday.
MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
I'JL of future husband or wife. 766y 2 Howard st.
ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future ;'2sc up. 7f14 Howard st.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the nlctnreof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
VI ME. PORTER. CARP- READER; TELLS
-LA past, present, future: ladies 60c. gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
EMEMBER THE GREATEST SEERESS OF
-LV the tige. Parlor 6, 116 a Grant aye.
ME. RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY,
tips on races, names given: 25c up. 5 4th st.
Ml EXODIUS. CLAIRVOYANT, Rt>
moved to 1003 Mission, nr. Sixth; tee 50c.
MME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 60c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
MM E7 DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
posslble: foe ,f 1 : letter ,»L'. «I 2» Post- St.. nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
rriEST CIRCLE" TONIGHT,' 10c; MME. YOUNG,
-I- 605 McAllister St.; skeptics invited. '
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: PROF. JOHN-
X SON; 10c. 821 Mission St.; sittings dally.
OKTURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
-LV SCHMIDT, from the principal cltlps: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
GYPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS. DAILY (SUN-
days Included); 25c up. 946 Mission; hrs 10 to 9.
R& J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
HORSES.
or^^sTl^^h^Xp^fTn^Tiol^e^nd
business wagon suitable for light delivery. ' In-
quire 626 Kearny st.
~A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
"1/ bugeies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN .£. DOYLE, Auctioneers.
T aTTheTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; all
J.U" kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horse?. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
IF YOU WANT to buy. sell OR ex-
cbange horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will rind it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. WATKINS, auctioneer. ' :.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, '220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon.*, buggies and harness.
1 r\f\ SETS NEW AAI) SECOND-HAND HAH-
XU\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
R. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR--
i,eon for S. F. Police Department, office and
hospital. 121 City Ha!! ave.t ' nhotio south 401.
PASTURAGE.
v AiBTauBKp oß r attentTon^-
Excellent pasturage for 100 head of cattle for
several months: running water: fenced in 3 fields;
land level: at Woodslde, 4 miles from Redwood
City. Apply to L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay St., or on
the premises: ranch to lease.
SEWING machines.
~ALL KINDS bought, SOLD. EXCHANGED/
1 J\. rented, repaired ; lowest, rates. ■ 205 Fourth at.
___^^JBUSINESS CHANCES. .
.^OO HALF INTEREST IN^FAYI^G
<ipu\J\J. butcher business: handsome corner
shop in good part of city: 2 first-class horses and
wagon: big trade: established 12 years; selling
partner stays with new man until posted. M.
LESS CO., 783y 3 Market st. |
$4250 CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
tlpT:_OV7. hay, feed store, wood and coal yard,
including buildings, 10 stalls; finest location, in
Mission: doing best business there; 6 living-rooms:
.-( horses; 3 wagons; bona-tide offer; 'open to thor-
ough inves'igation if you mean "business M.
LESS CO., 7831 2 Market St. $.%£
5h 4 BUT :F IRST-CLA<SLO-
KP~XiJ\J. cation; splendidly fitted up; Al horse
and cart; most desirable class of custom- monthly- l
receipts from $650 to $700; proposition easily i
| worth double; circumstances tompelling this sac-
rifice will be explained; rare opening for any one.
M. LESS & CO, 783y 2 Market st. *
VlliUUi CORNER SALOON AT TERMINUS
X vf \J \J . of two cable lines: old established-
well worth $2000 to anyone; trial given- cheap
rent, long lease. M. LESS _ CO.. 783 Market st.
! ©XP.n PLUMBING AND GASFITTLNG
I *Tp*JiJ\J. business; i.ood store trade; 3 living-
; rooms. M. LESS & CO.. 783y 2 Market st.
(flilttfin, CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
X\J\r\J. best location north of Market st.: has
finest class of trade; more thanvalu> in siiht-
genuine bargain. M. LESS <fe CO., 78:-iVa Market.
Cj7fjn SALOON ON MARKET ST.: NICJCLY
*ii> I \J\J . fitted up: paving business; bargain for
I anyone. M. LESS & CO.. 783y 2 Market st.
OAA FINE restaurant, central,
iO)O\J\J. north of .Market, near Kearny: best
class custom; splendid trade. M. LESS _ CO.,
783V2 Market, st., near Fourth.
ARBER-SHOF FOR SALE; ELEGANTLY
fitted op; within few doors of Baldwin: cheap
rent: long lease. M. LESS A CO., 783y 2 Market.
<$£.'} E\(\(\' RESTAURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE:
O\J\J. old-established place; first-class run-
ning order: dally receipts $65 to $70; present
owner 3 years; full investigation; will exchange
for city real estate. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
EAMSTERS, ATTENTION — EXPRESS
X transfer company: has the cream of trade be-
tween this city and Oakland; clears $300 per
I month over; proprietor, owns his own property,
barns, offices, storages, etc.; one of the nicest,
cleanest and steadiest businesses in this State;
making sure income: grand opportunity for some
active man. STENBERG, 632 Market at.
O;cjnn liquor - store-, third st.:
COW, transfer point. STENBERG. 632 Mkt.
\.y ANTED — STEADY, ACTIVE MAN FOR
»* laundry route; established 8 year?: first-class
horse and wagon : guaranteed to clear $90 to $125
a month: $350 required. STENBERG _ CO., 632
Market st.
eQ(\n PARTNER IN EXPRESS BUSI-
-<J pO\J\J. ness: established 9 years; double and
single team: beßt chance in lifetime for active
man: bargain. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.|
<JJjl hfl PARTNER WANTED IN ROUTE;
<pX *-''-'» horse, wagon; cash trade $15 to $20 a
week; established over 2 years. STANLEY, 21%
Third st.
•ft 30.0.0. FOU «ALE, TO EXCHANGE OR
tjp<J\J\J\J. for rent— Property in centerof Berke-
ley; lot 90x135; cottage 5 rooms, bath, windmill,
stable: 4-year-old orchard; will take part cash or
trade for good business. Address WICKE, 1148
Sutler st.
A LUAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS, TO
-v rent, 109 acres of land. 17 rooms, unfurnished,
baths, beautiful location, 5 miles from Martinez,
rent $25 per month. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
ARTINEZ HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS
reasonable; 56 rooms; in good order. D. J.
WEST, Martinez, Cal.
*R9^o PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
»1P — «J\/. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear »20 weekly to each. 26% Kearny st.
01? '_) A BUTCHER-SHOP; OLD ESTAB-
«IpO«JV/. lisbed; 2 horses; wagons: receipts $20
to $25 daily; cheap rent; a sacrifice. JOHN-
STON, 26 Kearny St.
AN TE D— ST EA DV MAN AS PARTNER IN
»» paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny St.
OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE CHEAP. MAKE
offer to owner, 26 V Kearny St., room 4.
<3t7nn SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE: iiS-
«J) I \J\J. tablished 30 years: rent $30: on Califor-
nia and Montgomery. Inquire 633 California St.,
Pha_ix Bar.
JMNE FRUITSTORE: ROOMS; FURNITURE-
X wagon; bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
sc";a/j fine bakery, OVEN, etc.-. $18
til,<J\J\J. daily; rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Mar-
ket st. -- ■*; .■- •
Q! 1 £.() GOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT: A
tgliUJ. bargain. E. J HER ART V.1004 Market.
at A A SALOON, WITH 3 LIVING ROOMS;
<© *J\J. rent only $25; opp. Builders' Exchange;
rarest chance; must be sold to-day. Inquire
WILKE, 533 California St., Phoenix Bar.
[ HAVE THE BEST PAYING SALOON AND
X chophouse .and lodging-house In the liveliest
town in California: 1 will sell all or take a partner:
I can give good references. Call at CHAIX &
BERNARD, 207 Sixth St.. S. F., Sunday or Mon-
day for Information.
C?qnn partner IN EASY BUSINESS;
tiDUWU. $100 guaranteed per month. C. C.
HICKOK & CO.. 873' Market st.
<si7£kO PARTNER TO TAKE ONE-THIRD
«ip I *J\J. Interest in established firm of manu-
facturers; agents handling Eastern agencies: the
above amount to be invested in the business for
the purpose of developing it: will stand the most
rigid Investigation: references, Dun or Bradstreet:
would prefer one who has had experience as a
salesman. ROBINSON, 4th floor, 933 Market St.,
9 to 10, 1 to 2, 4 to 6. ■■'?•■■
WANTED— WORKING PARTNERS IN PAY-
" Ing placer claim: au Interest can be obtained
by any man willing to work; experience not
necessary: $100 needed, $60 of which to Day pres-
ent owner for expenditures already made and $40
to purchase provisions which will be sufficient
until August, when clean-up Is made. Address
Partner, box 84, Call Oflice. .
I'INE, WELL-PAYING INFANTS' AND
-I ladies* underwear manufactory; in fine locality
and long established: doing a big business: price
$3500: best business in the State for the money.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<fcftOO RESTAURANT AND BAKERY;
tJp\JV/V/. good location; doing $20 a day; must
sell at once; big bargain. PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
SQt^- LUNCH AND DELICACY STORE,
<P__U. with 3 sunny rooms: centrally located
on Geary at. C. C. HICKOK & CO., 783y 3 Market.
(J>-| f>C BARGAIN: CENTRAL PARK res-
♦iP-L — taurant; opposite New City Hall. Ad-
ply D. McRAE, 829 Mission st.
GOOD BUSINESS 2 BLOCKS NORTH MAR-
ket; insured for $1000; will sell at a sacrifice.
V. box 42, this office.
"(Toll SALE — LOW, "THE OLD NEWS
X; Stand," etc., 129 Seventh st. living-rooms;
make an oner.
AXE OFFER; GOOD STATIONERY AND
candy-store; central location. R. C, box 6
Call Office.
ADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $75; paying proposition. 12 Mason, rm. 2.
W ANTED- 1 0K.2 PARTNERS FOR ALASKA;
»» about $300 required. S., box 41, Call.
PARTNER WANTED BUTCHER BUSINESS;
X $100 required. Twenty-ninth and Dolores.
PESTAURANT— A GENUINE BARGAIN IF
Xii takeyi to-day. T. TLBELSKI, 7 City Hall aw.
GOOD PAPER ROUTE IN OAKLAND FOR
sale. Address W., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
«if9nn UIGAR-STORB, DOING A GOOD
«lp<_UV. business; rare chance to secure a tine
stand at actual cost of stock; rent cheap, and the
place is worth double amount asked; investigate
this bargain. T. LUBEKKE, 7 City Hall aye.
RARE CHANCE— FOR SALh. A GOOD SA-
loon; not much money required: good reason
for selling given. Inquire- old Louvre, Phelan
building, between 2 and 3 o'clock p. m.
ARTNER— FURNITURE AND STORAGE-
good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister.
VIA OOD AND COAL YARD FOR SALE; A
» » bargain: horses,;wagon9, etc; long lease; house
! rent free; no agents. Apply Call Office.
FOR SALE: ELEGANTLY FITTED
i kJ up; no better location in the city. Inquire of
McLEOD&HATJE, 515 Market St.
PARTNER WITH $1500 TO TAKE INTER-
X esl ami manufacture three patents: by this in-
crease of capital a man can step into a nice, clean,
independent business that will give good returns-
patents worth easy $5000 each. Address Partner
box 164, Call office.
OjOnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
f^O\J\J. large store; stock and fixtures worth
more than price asked ; $700 cash, balance on
time; owner has two stores; see owner from 1 to 4
p. m.. sw. corner, Folsom and Langton, between
Seventh and Eighth sts.
IVEN AWAY: FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
business: account departure. 303% Third st.
OOD PAYING BUSINESS FOR A YOUNG
man. FRANK C. McCANN, 122 Market St.
p RE AT CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD WAGES
VI with from $300 to $500. Address E., box 62
Call Office. • ■..■■..'■■■ ■ - '
it A RARE CHANCE"— FINE GROCERY AND
__ bar. Folsom and Twelfth sis. ~,
TF YOU WANT TO SKLL OR BUY A BUSl"
I ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TT'OR SALE — A GuOD-PAYING CANDY-
J store; established 12 years; best locality lone
lease; clearing ove • $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment: full investigation allowed
See owner at 22 Sixth st.
*97f> FINK OLD A B LISHED CORNER
tIP-j 10. saloon: positive bargain. 429 Fourth.
VOR SALE — CHEAP; GOOD-PAYING SA-
X loon; owner going East. Apply 624 Sacramento.
* '-i "S( i( ) X >V TE BUSINESS WITH GRO-
Sf TT U " ccr >'-stores: clearing $200 month:
trial given. Address E. G., box 54. this office. !
GROCERY AND BAR Full SALE: 3LIVING-
VJ rooms: rent $20. _ Apply this office.
pHICKEN RANCH FOR RENT: 80 ACRES IN
\J grain: $250 yearly: stock and utensils for. sale
at a bargain. P. K. RYAN, 2935 Washington st.
I "■'OR RENT - SAN MATEO HOUSE AND
x bakery; 16 rooms, bakery, stable and yard;
right in the town of. San Mateo. I Inquire T. HIP-
P-N, iran Mateo. . - ,
TNTERIOR agency of this PAPER for
A sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply call Office.
pOOD BUSINESS man would TAKE
VJ charge of business or interest of partner wish-
ing to retire, on salary or commission, or would
buy same and pay from proceeds; good references.
I_, 605 Diamond au - , . -
BUSINESS CHAN CES-Contlnaed.
B. BAKERY: 4 FURNISHED ROOMS.
tlPX^t). BARRETT-SKIFF, 921 Mancet at
\\TRONG MAN IN THE RIGHT. PLACE— AT
'» a sacrifice: restaurant at junction an I transfer
point. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st.
pOALYARD, HAY AND GRAIN, FOR SALTS;
\J horses, waeons. everything In the best working
order; 20 stalls; sickness cause of selling; would
take partner. 1623 Market at.
YV ELL- ESTABLISHED WOOD, COAL, FEED
" and livery stable; sickness. F., dot 16 Call.
BARGAIN— AN OL!>- ESTABLISHED Pic-
ture frame business is ottered at a sacraflce, on
account of death of the proprietor. MRS. M. A.
BERG, 508 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH-
IC Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought.-
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, nrinclpals only.
T7<OR RENT OR SALE-A BLACKSMITH AND
-T general jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
lun for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town In California; terms easy. For
further particulars : inquire of ALEXANDER
WATSON .Gllroy. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
-~~"~
TTTroo^PTodgTng-hoise. ~~Z
44: PRICE $700— WORTH $2000
19-room house on Sutler St.: payments $1101)
111-room house on .Mason st 275
65 rooms, clearing $200. only 2000
60 rooms on Market st., new 4200
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
16roomson Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market at 250'J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
FURNITURE OF 8 ROOMS: HOUSE ALL
-T cupied; cheap. 303 Fourth st.
HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS FOR SALE AT 761
Mission st. ■
QCQ MISSION— IS WELL FURNISHED, OO
000 cupied rooms; number boarders; reason-
able. .
PRIVATE HOUSE, CLEARING $30 MONTH,
X for sale on account of leaving city; price 250.
Address D.. box 81, Call Oflice.
90 ROOM HOUSE: BEST SIDE STREET
__. south of Market : full steady roomers: sam«
people in the house for years; clears about $73
overrent; water free. Address C. J. N., box 140,
Call Office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I~PIJR7jHuIIE^)F^Tt?O^M^AN^^rT^HEN7
J? cheap. .4711/2 i ehama st. i .
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
♦ ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779Misiio:i.
liiIRE SALE : :• • \
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets .....$lB 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busicesj
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sis. . J.
NOON AN. .
A()(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
"tUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, 820: folding-beds,
$10; bed-:oungea, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, lia 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW. ......S7S
x lied lounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades In 5 colors 25c up
SHIREK <fc SHIREK, 747 Market at., opposlt*
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
FURNITURE WANTED.
SBTsCHT^T^SU^T^RT^VA^JT^FuItNN
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
ANTED — SECOND-HAND FUKNITURB
■»» for country; will pay good price. 7 City Hall
avenue.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
ALL ON J. C MUTHER, 621 KEARNY, IF
V' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOBK
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth £
~ CARPET CLEANING.
WHEN YOU BECOME' DISGISTED WITFt
»» poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama su ; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING works. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
p REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
VJ ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
JONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth. ■
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yar.l.
O. GEORGE. office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie" 253.
Ci A R PETS CLEANED. 3c PER YARD; RE-
\J laid. 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, IB Eighth.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <fc CO.. 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND BEN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: t»l. youth 223.
FOB S ALE-MI iCELL ANE O US , .
I A' Q GOLDEN' GATE AYE. —^~~UNFiTr-
±\.tOtJ nished front room: running water.
THRESH FAMILY COW FOR SALE. 1228
J Eighteenth at.
MO. 9 HIGH-ARM WHEELER * WILSOX
XI sewing machine; hardly been used: $25 cash.
16 Valley at., city.
L'OK SALE CHEAP— SCHOONER-YACHT
X Fearless; 1. o. a. 25 ft., 1. w. 1. 21 ft., beam 8 ft.
8. Apply 20 Center Market. .-jt-v^:-
JMKEAP-COCKER SPANIEL PUPS. AT 1405
VJ Church st. -
SEVERAL SECOND-HAND TANDEMS AND
_safetiesat extremely low prices. 328 McAllister.
p OOD FRESH COW. 1180 TWENTY-FOURTH
VJT at., near Noe. ;- > •"•.:
I ADY'S NEW SEALSKIN FOR HALFORIGI-
J nal cost at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. '
VTEW '95 BICYCLES, $60: GOOD SECOND-
-»-> hand bicycles, $40. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker
St., cor. Hayes.
YNAMO ENGINE. BOILER AND A LOT OP
tools, chean. 516 Mission.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN KI'UmT
ture bought at the factory saves retailer':? pro- :
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
STERLING BICYCLE. BUILT LIKE A
watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 Mkt.
13 Alt OUTFIT. MIRRORS, CASH REGISTER?*,
X) scales, etc.: cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
LTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS. BEST STOMACH
• bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city Oak-
land. Alameila. Z.MAN & SCHURMANN
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391! "
I.UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES"
li doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE
fire and burarl.-.r proof safe. 109, 111 Market *-..
LURE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-"
X I press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN. SECOND*
m hand, W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California at.
pOUNT E R S, SHELVING. SHOWCASES '
\J bought and »old 1121 Market bet. 7thandiita
_ __________ _
EDUCATIONAL.
a^y^wTllTgive'm u^kTobT TenglTsh
JJ lessons for room or board; references. E R
box 78. Call Office,
r/iRENCH. GERMAN. SPANISH; LEARN TO
X 1 speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building. -:,;,J
IJOOKKPNO, WRITNO, A I T H M TC, A M
_l_^day & night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
A YRES, 325 MONTGOMERY ST.: INDIVID^
-<-»- ual Instruction in shorthand, typin"
bookkeeping, etc.; life scholarship $50: low rate«
per week and month.
A RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514 SUT- ■
-L'J- ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
ean classes: stage dancing: minuet, gavotte, etc. '
Vocal classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 p.m.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL ;
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth, j
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
■ and Parisian. 3 lessons w.: $3m. Maze bid, r.37. J
KEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY*
XJ better than In any college on earth; 6 wks; no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mkt,
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUI)DY :
-fi. private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate!
-!■■> R E N C H , SPANISH, ETC.; Prof.DX FILIPPK'S
X* Academy of Languages, 320 Post Bt:eatab'd 1871
JOSEPH GREVEN, , VOICE IMPROVER. 8_
Ninth St. -:_*,-••■
CPaMSH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE"
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farreli st
TTOICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT*
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary at. _ "^^
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL"
__ lege; individual instruction; 4 months' cour««-
<iay and evening 326 Montgomery st.
H ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and M™
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING ME-'
k^ chanical engineering, surveying, archlteotnr«.
ass^v^tab^g^VANjDEß N AI L Le N 723^Mk_
£[%_!__? BUSINESSrcOLL_G_, 24POSTST:
languages rapidly taught, w'rue tS catoiog^™"
X__^___|o_S^ilPlS
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. _UNNINU-"
\J ham's Schooi. cor. Gearv and Powell .fs.,.
C^VEFK?V BEST 1N AMERICA-THE
United site) o^ ! 2 ent to an >' address in the
i ace^ _se Canada gne year for $1 50, post-_^ HOUSES TO LET.
QJk 1707 POWELL ST., OPPOSITE UNION
'j~tu. square— lo rooms and bath; Urge yard;,
■un In every room: well adapted for a club. ASH-
TON _ GARDNER, 411 Montgomery at. .
Cjf'A 913 GOLDEN GATE AYE., OPP. JEF-
•J)v)\J. ferson Square, 17 rooms and bath: large
yard: newly papered and painted. ASHTON &
. GARDIN^K. 411 Montgomery st. •
BEST HOUSE (8 ROOMS AND BATH) IN
city for the money. : 1711 Baker St., near Cal.
Ql A ELLIS, ABOVE VAN NESS — SUNNY
*JX~± house; 7 rooms; . modern improvements.
IT'OUR ROOMS: PLEASANT LOCATION.
X Jones st., near Broadway; $15.
o_n AND $6 EACH— WATER, SEPA-
<D I . rate; Elm aye. Apply at 1612 G. G. aye.
S9Q 8 ROOMS: LARGE SUNNY YaRDI
O^O. •_^_7 Pine St., near Scot 1 ; see it. _______
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
»' treat people right, BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND. 10 Montgomery si.
Hi ' B E~J 0 ROOMS AND BARN; VERY
cheap. Apply N'ICOL. 6S4Vg C»Jlfornla t.
FI'RXISHED BOUSES.
"•TOR KENT— DURING MONTHS
X furnished house of 9 rooms: all modern Im-
provements; located 2 miles from san Jose: elec-
tric cars pass the door. For particulars address
box 35. Sun Jose Mercury Oftire. ♦
COTTAGKS TO LKT. _____
SUN^nV COTTAGES OF 4~TS_ 5 ROOMS;
bath; basement and yard. -Corner Dolores and ,
fifteenth sts. ________
/">OTTAGIi OF 5 ROOMS: FLOWER-GARDEN;
VJ large yard: rent 912. 1033Twenty-nTst st.
/"IOTTAGK. 4 ROOM* BATH. 23 BYINGTON
\J St., off Webster. i:r. Kllis.
.- Ol ELLIS -TWO ROOMS IN REAR
OOX bouse; rent $6. ■■ ■
EUREKA^ BET. 18th AND 19th— SUN-
J_l ny rooms; ball; basement: nieeyard: rent
yi 1 : Castro cable or KichtPpnth-st. electric-car.
KITKXISHKD FLATS. .' .- .
> -BOOM I LAT, Nic_"Y^'UHNISHKI>:~MOi>
oem improvements: rent $50. 515 Taylor si. ,
"I 2:99 GEARY — SMALL sunny Flat.
I Oii iiic-'v furnished: 525.
FLATS TO LKT.
IftOCB HOOMS AM) RATH, NEWLY PAPBB-
ed and painted throuchout: on third floor: at-
tractive bouse mid neighborhood;' low Tent;
$12 50; only quiet family without children.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
91 71-2191 A TWEN 1 vriilKD —S U N V
—■I I _ flat* Of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; -1106
Alabama, cottage, 5 rooms and bath; $12, $14,
$15. - ,
MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 2-STORY
nou.se: 6 larce rooms an-t bath; cellar; sunny
yard. 14231^ Hayes si., near Baker.
©I (' UPPER: 4-ROOM7~NEW; MODERN;
i;IU. fronting panhandle. 1622 Fell St., near
Lou. ■
Q-19 4 NICE ROOMS. 528 GREENWICH
C* i — , st.. near Stockton, on sonny side. _■
1 9fiQ GOUGH— ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
l«.ui) rooms and bath.
■X 9 i WAUKH- SI'NNY LOWER FLAT; 5
»-'_._ rooms and bath. _.
■\1 ODERN FLAT; 5 ROOMS: BATH; STABLE.
■l'l 375 Shotwell st., near Eighteenth. _____
Irt LAT. 4 ROOMS, WITH LARGE YARD and
1 stable. 2 Hay ward St., near Eighth: cheap.
M~ ODERN FLATS: 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
near park; 118 and $18. 1909 McAllister st.
LAT; 9 ROOMS AND BATH. ASHBURY
Height-, 1718 Waller: rent $30.
/IQQ EDDY ST.— MODERN lower 7-room
troo flat; tine location for doctor's office. •
1 1 99 HOWARD— NICE SUNNY FLAT OF 4
1100 rooms: cheap rent.
1| C| GUERRERO, COR. TWENTY-FOURTH
LOl — New house; 7 rooms; bath; tine loca-
tion; $18.
191 (A El)r >Y, NEAR LA GUN A— SUNN V
1 — 1 U flat; 5 rooms; bath; modern improve-
ments: key in rear.
"Tjl 9 FLAT 4 ROOMS. 1.5 PAGE ST., BET.
V* X O. GouKh and Octavla.
\f\ Xfi 1008 NATOMA — LOWER FLAT;
rJpiU.UU. 3 rooms; yard: cellar.
QQ"| Harrison; n ear SIXTH — new
■JOI flat: 6 rooms: all improvements; cheap.
If LaT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS, 15: FURNITURE
I for sale. $50, cheap at $ICO. 947 Masonic aye.,
or MADISON _ BURKE. ."■; ■'■ . ■ -,
T AND 5 ROOMS, BATH: $11,812. $13; ELEC-
"i trie line. 4585 a, 4587. 4591 a Eighteenth si.
rp_E FURNITURE OF SUNNY FLAT, con-
X sistinif of 5 rooms, bath, compete: nearly new;
In first-class order; nodealers. Apply 62t> kearny.
UNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden; 613 and $16. 1708 Post.
1 £»9X TUKK — UPPER 6. ROOMS. BATH,
J U_c) $19: lower 5 rooms, bath, $17; modern.
"I f\ ROOM.-", NR. SIXTH AND HOWARD STST;
X\J rent 28. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st. .
1 QA7 PTEINER. NEAR PUTTER-LOWER
1* 'M flat, 5 modern large gunny rooms: bath.
■VTEAR city hall — 2 FLATS, 5 rooms
i-> each, 141 Grove St., $20; 10 Grove st., $24.
1 911 kTWKNT Y-THIRD • ST., SEAB . C AH-
-I*tl tro— Lovely sunny 5-room flat; every
convenience; rent 17; water free.
90 PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. BET.
-.ij Not- and Sanchez— Lovely sunny 5-room
flat: rent $17: water free. — _ ;
■\Th.W, KLEGA.M. UPPER SUNNY MODERN
.X> flat; 6 rooms and bath. 933 Golden Gate aw..
"OT7 7 ROOMS AND BATH; ft>W. OoitJNKR
0 X • • Scott and Kills sts.: upper flat.
FLATS: 612 ELLIS ST., NR. POLK;
0 3 rooms; yard; basement: $20.
ODERN sunny LOWER 4-room flat
1684 Page st., cor. Clayton, Go. den Gate Park.
MODERN FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
reasonable. 1719 Haisrhf st.
\\- I. ]:>.> I MANY FLATS BECAUSE" WE
>> treat people riyht. BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. : :'..'"
TEW FLAT .OF 1 ROOMS. 654 CHURCH
*A su, cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth. '
QIX LOVELY FLAT; 6 SUNNY ROOMS
«.. L>) and bath: newly papered and painted. 814
Nineteenth St., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
EBSIKR -07-209-SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
»f 7 rooms: rent $25. $27 50.
■qi 9 for" the BKST 5-room new flat
•• X— with bath in this city; water free; investi-
gate tlie plaoe and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
VKW BUNNY FLAT: 0 ROOMS AND BATH;
-> was $20. now $13 50: Castro cable; see photo-
eraph. - HOVEY. 506 California st.
IP LEG ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
-* low Kr--a:i:. San 6 moms, bath: $8 10 $16.
HOUSEKEEPING UOOMS.
Brannan street. ■
01 9 BRANNAN, NR. SECOND— 3 OR 4 FUR-
t) 1 _ nighed rooms for housekeeping; hot and
cold water; rent reasonable.] ■
Bryant Street.
liAl BRYANT— sIjfcORNER-ROOMS COM-
-1 IUI pletely furnished for housekping:rentlow
California Street.
1 A.'^.A CALIFORNIA— TWO SUNNY HOUSB-
X iOU: keeping rooms, with gas, bath, stove and
running water, $12.
Eddy Street.
1 9H A EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
X— \J keeping rooms: also sonny suite.
Elliott Park. ~*
U ELLIOTT PARK, OFF STEINER, NEAR
Geary— 2 sonny rooms: suitable for 2; bath.
fifth Street. ~" ~
1 CO FIFTH. NEAR HOWARD-SUITE OF
X «J_. rooms for housekeeping, also 2 single rooms.
991 FIFTH-NICE FURNISHED HOUSI£
_._! keeping and single rooms: cheap.
"Jf\Q FIFTH — SUN N V BAY-WINDOW,
Ov/«7 cheap housekeeping room: also other rooms.
QO SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHKN;
OO*' running water; bath; private: 1.0 children
314 Fifth st. : • '
99 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
*J—i£ housekeeping; cheap. '■■■'■
49Q1 FIFTH — SUNNY BEDROOM AND
"-"s kitchen: furnished for housekeeping;
water in the kitchen : cbc-ap.
I illmore Street.
Q]f| 2 SUNN V FURNISHED HOUSEK
>-\l . ing rooms. 2208% Fillmore st , nr.Clay.
1-OWom »ire»:. , t - ;. _
>";^Q FOLSOM- f UNFURNISHED ROOMS
" v for housekeeping: range; hot, cold water.
Fourth Street.
41 O FOURTH -SUNNY FURNISHED
_io housekeeping room: cheap. ;
Grant Avenue.
7 GRANT .WE. OPP. EXAMINER OFFICE—
I first floor, 4 connecting rooms, nicely furnished,
sultuble for housekeeping or any business. . ;
Howard street.
704 _£__*£_ ST - COR. THIRD-2 OR 3
IMI nicely furnlnhed rooms for huuEekeening. ■
QOKI J 1 v. aitD " - NICKLY FURNISnKD
U'JKJt rooms, single and double; rent reasonable.
I 904 "OWAKD-3XICE SUNNY ROOMS";
X^WX complete for housekeeping; rent cheap.
- enste Mrcet. 1
JESSIE- TWO COMPLETELY FUR-
OUO3 tilshed housekeeping rooms. : .
Market Istree:.
iq^9A " MARKEI-TviCELY FURNISHED
J«)U^ sunny housekeeping rooms; firm floor;
cheep. . -
Minna street.
Z\A(\ MINNA -FURNISHED FOR ROOMS
%J~X\J housekeeping; large yard.
HOUSEKEEPING ; ROOMS — Continued.
Mission Street.
(\* l MISSION— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
«7*± 4 pie:e for housekeeping.;
"I 91 Q MISSION —FURNISHED HOU S _■
X — 1 O keeping room ; gas; bath; no children.
1 Qfli MISSION. CORNER NINTH-FRONT
IOUI room and kitchen. ■- '■-'■'
-I 999 MISSION — 1 OR 2 LARGE FUR-
___ nished rooms complete for housekeeping.
mC MISSION— FRONT AND BACK PAR-
-1 lor; complete for housekeeping. ■
1 P-1 C 3 MISSION— I, 208 3 NICELY FUR-
-lUlu 4 nished rooms; use of bath. r^
\ ' ' Morris Avenue.
"I 9£ MOR*RIB AYE. - 4 UNFURNISHED
X•— U rooms; lower floor; cellar; water free; 811.
Apply 529 Sixth st. . ■. /
31 oss Street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH
XO —Two furnished rooms for housekeeping.
. . ,;' Ninth Street.
O/Y NINTH ST.. NEAR MARKET— HOUSE-
£\J keeping: stove, gas, water.
"," '. J' r .^\ .f Oak Street. . . . -
71 Q OAK— 4 ROOMS; WILL TAKE 1 ROOM
4X»7 in part payment of rent. .-. '■ *
Post Street.
AIQ POST-2 UNFURNISHED OR PARTLY
_XO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
i second Street.
11' SECOND — CHANGED HANDS AND
lit) renovated; front sunny rooms; suitable for
light housekeeping; cheap; also single. ' s
. (seventh . Street.
IQP SEVENTH— TWO LARGE FURNISHED
100 front housekeeping rms.; yard: reasonable.
1A 9 .SEVENTH — SUITES,' SINGLE and
1 'J— housekeeping: suitable for doctor or dentist.
IC7 SEVENTH — LARGE ROOMS . FOR
I()l housekeeping; complete; reasonable.
■•teveitson Street. ,
A fiO STEVENSON ST. CORNER FIFTH— 2
■iUO rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
m STOCKTON — NICELY FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping; $10 per month.
Third Street. • s
I^O THIRD— SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
Xt:O rooms, complete; first floor; bath; gas.
Twenty-sixth Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION-
XXOa Nicely furnished, large, clean housekeep-
ing suites: $9 to $11. .-.-■- . .
"I 99 TWENTY-SIXTH — 2 ROOMS; BATH;
J_») h on keeping; $10 a month; single $4.
Valencia Street
1 A7l VALENCIA— TWO LARGE SUNNY,
X "I 4 a neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Van Ness /.venae.
jAOVAN NESS AYE. — 2 FURNISHED
iv'_ rooms for housekeeping; 1 front: • sunny;
cheap.
Washington Street.
rf)9 WASHINGTON — SUNNY VNF U R -
•Jvij nlsbed housekeeping rooms; running water.
' Webster Street.
71 1 WEBSTER— 2 OR 8 LARGE HANDSOME
I X X rooms, furnished or unfurnished
-' .':'"."-*.' ''Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. HAVES AND LAGUNA— SUNNY
bay-window rooms, suitable for doctor.
ROOMS TO LET. .
Clara Street. -
'1 1 CLARA— LARGE FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
OX *» able for 2: reasonable. ■
Jiddy Place.
1 9 EDDY— SUNNY FRONT AND SIDE ROOM
X_< cheap: transient,
p. O(\ EDDY— SUNN V FRONT ROOM, CHEAP;
OO\J room with stoves 6; light housekeeping.
iMglith Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 St., near Market; turnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA, 180 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager -Just
opened; anfwly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and {ire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct to ferry and park pass the
door.
i ifth Street.
1 f|Q FIFTH— SUNNY SINGLE AND DOUBLE
XVJO rooms to let, from $1 50 to $3 a week.
Fourteenth Street.
OA-1 FOURTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD— 4
_VJc>2 rooms cheap.
Geary Street.
09C GEARY ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
O— O rooms, single, suite; modern conveniences.
Golden Place.
9 GOLDEN PLACE, OFF GOLDEN GATE I
_ aye., bet. Hrdennd Larkin sts.— Elegantly furn-
lshed sunny front^room: rent reasonable.
Urant Avenue.
11 £a GRANT AYE.-LARGE SUN NY
XJ.U front and back rooms, single and en
suite; all modern improvements, stationary
stands, grates, tiling, etc. Prices. single rooms $1
a week, double rooms $1 60, front suites $2 a week.
Harrison Street. ~
Jl Q HARRISON (RIN'CON HILL)-LARGE
rtXO gunny room; bath.
Howard Street.
1 fi9l 1 HOWARD, REAR, BET. TWELFTH
XL'_X2 and Thirteenth— Nicely furnished front
sunny room; 96; piano If desired.
Jackson Street.
IHI JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
-1" "J-O uibhed sunny front housekeeping, single:
$5 to $8. .-■■...-.
•Jones Street.
907 -'WKR-THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
_ » ■ • management: elegant sunny suites ■- and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to S.HO.
i-eiiniv Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
J\. » Nt sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
it « very respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
191 9A LARKIN — NEWLY FURNISHED
-1-^X^i sunny rooms: modern flat: reasonable.
Leavenworth Street.
I £»9X LEAVE WORTH— 2 SUNNY ROOMS;
ll'-t) cheap: furnished or unfurnished.
31 ark fit streer.
1 fil Q MARKET ST., ABOVE SIXTH, IN
1" I rear— Light sunuy furnished rooms, cheap.
V OBEMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
A night, S6c to $1; week, 91 50 to 95: families.
11 1 Q MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
1. LJ.O suite; Ist floor: also single: transient.
1 P./\Q MARKET— 2 MORESUNNY OFFICEo;
XO\JO also rooms for housekeeping. , :
Mary Street. , .
91 1 MARY, MISSION AND HOWARD—
— 1 1 ■■! Neatly furnished suite of sunny front rooms,
cheap. ••'••'. ' ." ' - ■■■■ ' ' '. •
->■ i.SMOTI '•' ICO'.,
(Jl9 MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
010 rooms: 15c to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
TT'UUOPE HOUSE, 1189 MiSSION — NICELY
X- famished rooms, single or en suite-, transients.:
9'-| Al MISSION— I HANDSOMELY fur-
*- «Jll/3 nished front, room, fireplace and gas, in
private family, , ;-/.-
-',.-., Moss Street. ■ . ■ ,■
C MOSS— 4 ROOMS. ';';•;.
o
' Ninth Street. ~ ~.
9K NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS:
4*xJ single or suite, ■ > '■ •
IQk NINTH — FURNISHED j ROOM SUIT-
X OO able ior 2 men.
9*-iQ NTH— NEATLY FURNISHED BUN-
£dK>O ny front rooms, single and en suite.'
i O'i-aireil street. ; •_.
I 99 O'FARRELL— SINGLE ROOM, NICELY
X_.._ furnished for gentlemen: all conveniences:
central; 97.
X9O O'FARRELL-NICE FRONT ROOM:
«7_O private family; good home for gentleman;
reference. ;.-■. ..
•,-;■ ••:. , • . ■.-. : Pine Street. •■ ,":■'■- >,-\." •
m PINE-PLEASANT ROOMS FOR GEN-
UX X tleuien; $5 and $10; quiet bouse.
• •*• 1 oweil Street.
P.rt_ POWELL-NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FOR
*J\J _ gentlemen only; fine bathroom; also from
suite; hot and cold water; central; no car fare. v.i .;
; '.■'■'. Sixth Street. .
1f)91 SIXTH (CHANGED HANDS) - FUR-
XU_!4 nlshed rooms suitable for gentlemen.
MRS. L..DEAN. -:. ■ ■■ ■■ -:■': v ' - :
-•'-'/'■ Seventh Street. -.;-"; : ;
K 9Q SEVENTH — 2 • FU-tNISHED HOUSE-'
o^.o keeping rooms; $7. • .
- .; '■'■-. - utter Street., / £•..- ■. ■ ■
rpHE ALEXANDRIA, 781 ; SUTTER— ELE-
X gant rooms; first-class dining-room; elevator.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
. BOOMS TO LET-Continued.
■ Taylor Street. " - - -
C 99 TAYLOR- NICELY" FURNISHED BUN-
«J__ ny rooms, for gentlemen. - . - , •' ,
\ Third <it-eet.
TTT IN(THESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
:,*» Market; most convenient and respectable- 203
rooms 26c to *1 50 par night : *1 50 to $6 per week:
electric lights ip every room: reading r"m : free bus. |
99A THIRD, COLTON HOUSE— SUITES AND
4i4.\J single light housekeeping rooms;. $5 up.
Turk Street. .•/ ;?•-■■■
BED AND SITTING ROOMS. VERY SUNNY;
bath and gas; cheap. 6241,4 Turk at.
Valencia Street.
104 Ol VALENCIA — SUNNY FRONT
X WlUg suite, $15: also single rooms; chean.
BOAEDING AND ROO3IS.
$^^post7nrThyde-n icklyT-'urnishd
VJOO large front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents.
c a c minna -a FRONT' ROOMS, with-or
OttO wilhont board; rent reasonable. . • ■
1 1 fiQ BUSH-WELL-FURNISHED SUNNY
XX \JO rooms, with or without board; references.
■VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
-l-i passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day: 92, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeier's Hotel.' GEO. GRUEyiG, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, 816 a month, at . Hackmeier's Hotel.
ACKMEIER'3 HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.-
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor; board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
HOTEL BERTLING..7I4 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel : references given and required: all mod-
«-i'i «-or.vpiiipn<-p<:
CHILDBEX BOAEDED. ~~
PRIVATE fTmiLY~~W^JTJL^^v7sh^2^Oß
X more children to board: a mother's care will be
given. Address 5 Burritt St., off Bnsh, nr.Stockton.
"I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD BY EXPERI-
X enced nurse; will take charge of infant; good
home; best references. 621 Pine .st. '
WO OR, THREE CHILDREN IO BOARD-
X pood care given. 1043* _ Valencia st. ,
VURSE WANTS INFANT OR lUiliiSll CHILD
Xi to board .very reasonable. 2919 Sixteenth st.
"I \r ANTED— CHILD TO BOARD; NOT UNDER
" 5 years; beat or care. Apply this office. :
WANTED— 2 OR S CHILDREN TO BOARD;
•" good clean home and sood care: terms reason-
able: all one family prefered. 1431 Sancherst.,
near Twenty-ninth. Mlsaion-st. car. -
' STOKES TO LET.
STORK— SUITABLE BUTCHER OR FRUIT;
O 118 Fillmore st. ; cheap rent. Inquire rear. :
rpo LET CHEAP-SMALL BRANCH BAK-
X cry, with rooms. Twentieth, near Castro: $12.
pORNER STORE, 421 THIRD ST.; LARGE
\J cellar; well suited for saloon or grocery-store.
41 L{ FOURTH-SMALL store, WITH room
ttXU in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN A CO.. 14 Monteomery st. ; . • ■
offices to let.
PRSCKK— S s buTl^TxgT^9H~^i^rTcet^
O Elegant sunny offices: low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
TH b" DENTAL OFFICE OFjDK. james~eTd-
X WaRDS, 5Va Kearny St., to let on May 1. Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis st.
pi A LIKOKNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING-
\J Oflices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, beat, -electric and gs.s lights. Apply at room
522 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
EASTEKBROOK BUILDING, 20 AND 24
Geary St.; very central; modern offices; ele-
vator; electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32.
STABLES TO LET.
"OEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE; 2414 CALI-
--i ■> fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
lcle building. - --.*.,
\ HOTEL TO LET.
HOTEL TO LKT— THE~\VILHELM TELL
House, 317-319 Bush St.: this well-known
hotel is thoroughly renovated and considerably
improved and may compare with the bpst second-
class hotel In this town. MADIhoN & BURKK.
PIANOS, VIOLINS, ETC.
ffl£ r INSTALLMENTS T^VILiTbV Y~X~«375
<Jio piano for $50. 221 Leavenworth st.
|?IN_ CONCERT PIANO; SUITABLE
J^for a hall ; also Baby Grand. 514 Sutter st.
<J>l9X UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD COXDI-
-0 X — O. tion; cash or installments. 108 Mc-
I Allister st. ■-:
! GJQ,-. PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
tjpOO. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money ; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp s6; the five-
bur autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin 80 25: the > nrize-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs', new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style 1 case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak. $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market St., Spreck-
el's building.
PI aNOS - $90. $100, 50: GREAT BAH-
gains. MAUVAIS' 769 Market st.
SHAW, $425; M Si KiNWAYS, 5215, $195:
Sommer, 4185; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. -±
C CELEBRATED HALVES BROS., BUSH &
\J Gerts and Knabe p anos: being overstocked
wholesale prices will ru c during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post s^.. 8. F. "
ARRIVED— LOT OF* CELEBRATED HIGH-
•iV- grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDER3, 82 N'lntb st.
ARE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and. upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Suttersta. ■ v ■
\\f~JA.. U. BADGER, 26 O'FARRJKLL, ROOM 1,
»" first floor; sole agents Hallet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments. ■
STEINWAY, $1*55; WEBKrt, $260: SMALL
upright, »80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post. i
ONOVER PIANO: AH GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. Th» F. W. SPENCKR COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. ■■■-..-■-■
C 'WHICKERING, KNABK, STECK, VOBK, STER-
Vv l Hog pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
:or renu BENJ. CURT _ teOX. 18 U'Farreii.
Of 1 7 CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
<g)X 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEINWAY .FISCHER AND
*-> other lirst-class makes of pianos; little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOH.LEH _
CHASE. 28 and SO O'Karrell tt. »
AS Y TERMS;. LOW PRICE-. KOHLER &
vj 1 1 A Sxj. ■ .-■•"-• t ■ 1
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMEB, ,
Newby & Evans, Rriggs and other pianos. •
OUVERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD*
0 H. MI'I.LKR, tn»'«>r. reimlr»r. 2 Latham
■.-• PHYSICIANS. •.»•••.•■
D^N"TTCrrL~TCrCONBULT iSR/JORDAITAT
his museum, 1051 Market st.; his 30 years 1
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. -
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNKLL TO 1208
1 t .Market St.: disr>asps or woman a specialty.. .
LEGAL NOTICES^
C\ ITY~~Xn D^oTn^ Y^ ; fR_ASU iTyT^sXn'
> Francisco. March 21. 1896.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section 6 of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors.. approved September 15
1880, there will be sold at public aution by E. H.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 ana 33 Sutler
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of kk len, lost and unclaimed
. property recovered by the police force of Sun
Francisco, as detailed In an inventory thereof on
file In the ollice of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel
pistols, knives, etc. Open for Inspection on morn-
ing of sale. . A. U. WIDBER,
'-■•■--' - ■ - -' City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California in aud for the City and County* of
San Francisco. . Department No. 10. v . :
In the matter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of '-The San Vsidro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice of bearing. No.
Notice Is hereby given that The San Ysidro In-
vestment Company, a corporation iormed under
tbe laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the j State of California in
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to •be dissolved, and that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clocic a. m. of that day, or as booh
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San .Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which, said ap-
plication will be heard. , .v . , _vv,. ■
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
arid affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1898. • - • .-.••<• .
[Seal.] •:::•-. - C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
. .:.... By ; WM. R. A. JOHNSON, .
Deputy County Clerk and ex-offlclo Deputy Clerk
: - of the Superior Court.- . .■ .
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney , for Peti-
tioners. .._'-:. '£■.. . \
IN~THE superior court of the state
of California, in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. -Department No. 10. ;.-,. ; -•
- In the matter of the npplicat'on for voluntary
dissolution of * "The Dinsmore Water Company"
(a corporation), i Notice of hearing. No. 13,949. ■
- Notice is hereby given that The Dlnsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for the
City and County of Ban •: Francisco an application
praying to De dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. m. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be beard, and tbecourtroomof »>epartmeut No
10 of said Superior Court in ' and for the City and
County of San Francisco, In the new | Cit v HalL 1
San Francisco, Cal.,- are appointed •as the time
and place at which said application will be heard.
,? In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the - seal of . said . Superior Court this
12th day of March, 18»«. -^-, >7, ",. "
[Beal.J ' . C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
sL^vi-'.,, By WM. R. A.JOHNSON, ; '--'-
Deputy County Clerk and ex-offlcio Deputy Clerk
of tbe Superior Court. ' '
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners.
' PERSONALS. - _ ': .
M"^I7D^THE^ COMMERCIAL
Company, will I move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sinter St., phone main 49. ■ SAM. .. ~
TTiR. FRANKLIN ; PANCOAST, DENTIST, RE-
XJ moved cor. Grant aye. andO'Farrell.r. 3 and 4.
R. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED from
227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bld;,r. 2,tel.main 6477.
FORMATION WANTED-THE ADDRESS
J. or information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON) maiden name ALICE DROG E ; last heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal. : . - ■ , : ,_-.- ;
IBEX— MUST SEE YOU: VITAL IMPORT-
ance; my, address still the same; write when
you will see me. - . ' . ■ ELK. :
"U'LECTRIC LIGHTS is every ROOM— WIN-
Xli Chester House, 44 Third st», near Market; : 200
rooms, 26c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry. . . .
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
■A- cialty; private: no cbarce unless successful; ail
law suits, claims, collections, wills, de«-ds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
QASH CORDS, 25c EACH; CARPENTERING
0 at lowest rates. ALBERTSON. 4iy 2 Eddy st.
rpHE LATE MADAM C. ANTIONIA FaCE
1 cream and dandruff eradicator. Sold only at
room 202, Spreckels building, 927 Market.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash ; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
rpRY TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
1 catarrh. 132 Sixth St., room 2. ■'.* - , ■
AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
FaDer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
I* DRESS THE HAIR FOR 25p, INCLUDING
JL waving and'enameling the face; I follow all the
latest Parisian fashions and fads; and I guarantee
the ' most stylish coiffures that ; can be made. G.
LEDKRER, 111 Stockton St. ,
_D GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
A*tllNGTON's> SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
rfIHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 26c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
A NNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND Dl-
_ vorce; legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
NAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
at 210 Steiner St.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company. . ■ .
Cj I A RdOM-~CATRPETS~OL_ANED ON THE
tip L floor. 206 Leaven worth st. .
T)IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
I l\(\C\ CARDS, $150; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
lwUU.tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 89.
"i ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
XJ superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. ■ E. H. KUBBARD, 923 Market at.
BOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;"
instant relief. ■ For. sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
IBEIIAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
C CLOAKS, CAPE 3 AND SUITS RETAILED AT
KJ mfra' co°.t. Factory. 80 K>n^nm» it. nrntatri.
DRESSMAKERS.
T^ADL_JYT~M^l)fsTEr~«b^TAYlio^^_;L_i-
XJ gam stylish dress, $5 up; dresses made over. |
DRESSES, $2 rP:~LAWNB, $1 UPrWRAP^
pi-rs, ami up. 5053 Naioina. h<»t.6th<fc 7th.
______
LOST\
ON Tm:RSDAYrTN^rATrKEI ;^STr"cABL&
. car, purse marked with name and dates 1873-
-1896. Notify HARDEN, 209 Sansome st.
IOBT -ON PINE OR "STOCKTON^ StT,
_ bunch of keys. Return 35 Eddy st. : reward.
1 THURSDAY, APRIL 9, LOCKET PLA-
xj tina and gold set in diamonds. Reward for re-
turn to J. ERIKSiiN, Pier 7, Steuart st. .
LOST- 5 SHARES A C I I C UNDERTAKERS'
Stock, certificate No. 656. ■ Finder will please
return to 777 Mission St. :
7~bsT— MONDAY, APRIL 6, LADY'S GOLD
.J.J watch and chain, with -ring attached; en-
graved in case: souvenir; lost near 2727 Pacific
aye. .Return to '104 Fiilmore st. and receive re-
ward.
■j&pTfor INFORMATION LEADING to the
*DO arrest of party who stole large mastiff; name
"Nemo"; license 2333. JOSEPHS, 707 Market,
<K1 OH REWARD to"the FINDER OF
«JP-i-V/l7 solitaire diamond sbirtstud; was lost at
Orpbenm Sunday night; no questions asked. P. G.
606 Merchant st. , , ,
I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MARY MCALLISTER, No. 72,290.
The tinder will please return to bank. '..
ULACK-AND-TAN PUP, 6 MONTHS; RE-
xj ward. . 25 34 Folsoni st.
1 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
X-i Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of NEHEMIAH D. THAYER; No.
202,571. The finder will please return: to the
bank. • '-. . ■■ :-■ .■'-.. :
.~. - . •- ■ . 'DENTISTS..
DR. L. T. i RANZ— EXTRACtTo'nIpXinLESS^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
t S ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION" 759 MAR-
V ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
trm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
ffl»<7 a- SET for TEETH: WARRANTED A3
»47 I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentisi. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. L I DLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. "
ONEs r .WORK :.VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
iT^ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
J? fivp years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st. i
ET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. U.
0 <). YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
I R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
JL/ Leek dentist, discoverer of Dainless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to '20 O'Farreil su
TJAINLESS t.XTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 veari'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
I iK. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRII>G_-
XJ ■ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. . •
/ iOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 JIAB-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
Dr. j. j. l_ek7i2o6 MARKET, COR. golden
Gat© aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASON AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 112- Market st.
_____________
medical!
A BLESSING TO LADIEB~^UFFEitING !
from irregularities : and ' diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit
tin; times; home in confinement. " DR. i£ MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2. 1 -
.NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, IN3TRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles.no matter
from what cause:; restores always in one day;
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed;. travelers helped at once; call
and see. PR, POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
| ADI CHICHEST "ENGLISH PEN-
Xj nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) ore the best;
safe, reliable; take no other;* send 4c. stumps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
1 ADIES— DAUDET'S FEMALE REOULA-
Xj tine; pills; strongest,- safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S i drugstore, 14 Ellis st,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
CURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk at. -.-■.-.■-.■
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; - irregularities cured in t. few
-ours without operation; pills *2. 419 Eddy st.
ll"f ema l c irregularities re.
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
time;: travelers helped at once; home In con-
fincme i: French pills cuaranteed: consult tree.
MRS. DR. W E YTH, 916 Post su, near Larklh.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE M.KB..DH. SCOT I'
■1J 210 Powell st. only qualified specialist ; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY~6f
diseases of women and restores all : cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients; ' best skill; medical ■ aliened
nee; low lees; regulator, $-. - 1370 Market si. :>
\ HOME, A FitlENO AND MOTHER'S CARE.
Xi. MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alamoda. 1
A LPEAU'S . FRENCH PILLH-A BOON~t6
A ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure;' $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSOOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER M'RKKT, NEAB
'Joneg. liiseasfS of women and children." - .:•■
. ~— STORAGE. .-. ~~™
T'^ThTr^6lj_^yT^_- >^s^io^^s^rag_^
x . reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, - etc.
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 763 Market st.
A PPLY FOR RATES Oil' STORING FURNI-
A ture. etc. SHIREK _ BHIREK, 747 Market. '
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O told good-, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
ILSON •; BROTHERS. ' 1710 :-: MAB KET-
Storage: low rates: telephone South 762. ' '
■;.. •;■. -■.-.^A_TOR_l_S__!-AT-liAW.-,v i r^i,.v?. / ,. : :
M~~jT!?OLENr
. Market su; advice free. f,~y.: ■■<<■ : ■■ ■■•'■■^■j.,-.; .>.'
ADVICE FREE—DIVORCE LAWS A BPECI-
Jtx. ally; private; ■ no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, - collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to, G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
TJ. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNBELORAT
. law: advice free. ■ 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15. '
\\r W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNE Y-AT-LAW, 420
iif . California st., rooms 11 and 15; advice free. .
■V. \ \ . . .;; CITY , REAL ; ESTATE . ' "■:;'_■■_ : _
CC. BEMIS. ■-';•■.."► -:..<y-< : - '■■ T ■' : r'--;
. REAL estate and la nd AGENT,
. .- , 324 montgomery st. .
FOR SALE. ■ ■  . i
$2600— E. eld* ' of ' Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick ; 25x100 feet. • " • -
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127 :6 feet on Jackson- at., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. . ,
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric . road passes houses;
make offer. ■ -;. "- ■
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on ! Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. ■ ■ ■ . - .
• $8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ux3oO, sw. cor. 19th aye. and
25th st.: : elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
•make offer. ... -
<J_l O(\(\ COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS; LOT 50x135;
A OUU. in Berkeley, near station: payments
easy. ■■ ■ ■■ . .- ' . : ■• - "- >' ; • • 1 . •' '
. $1100— Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125. -.:.
$1000— Handsome corner; . 100x100; $15
monthly. .. - . . ■ •■
$200— Lot 25x135; $10 down; $5 monthly. "V
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. _?___'
<Ull (inn WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
tIpX»'UU dow cottage; modern improvements;
basement;, lot 25x100: South Broderlck st., near
Halght. Apply 1330 Mission st. .
A I ARKET-STREET PROPERTY. ; : ~~~~~
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
NEAR VALENCIA.
I Rare chance for investors to buy. below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9, this office. • ■
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLUSTG., 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500: Hats
an ; cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. .lAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
COUNTRY ; REAL : ESTATE. ~
TOCK^ANCH/ 304*0 ACRES; LEVEL SAN
lO Joaquin Valley land: fenced and cross- fenced;
1000 acres under cultivation; absolutely no waste
land; 3 flowing artesian wells; 300 feet" to water;
good ranch buildings; farming tools and stock go
with the ranch: price *10 per acre; unencumbered.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal. . ■ ■
AN V ONE WHO HAS BUSINESS OR OT_ER
property^ to - trade for country ■ real estate,
chicken and fruit ranches, town lots or villa sites,
write and describe your property, stating clearly
what ■■' you require, and get our ; propositions.
SHAND & RIBLKT, Novato, Marin County.
<$*/'* aa 160-acre RANCH IN LAKE COUN-
«]pUv7V/. ty, near Kelseyvllie; house, barn; 8
miles from town. COLT ON, 906 Market su . ■.:
m~ ACRES, 40 LEVEL; FINE CATTLE OR
hog ranch. Apply 914 Twenty-third st.
■VTALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
V 1 lands for sale on easy terms. . ' ' ■ •
CU\(\i\ ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
• Ul/UVf ada del Pinole; 12 miles east of Berkeley,
near narrow-gauge railroad. ■ ■
1 300 RES- OF CHOICE LEVEL _AND,
XOyJyJ adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco. •'-• ■
O(|(j ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
OUv/ adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal. ... .-. • - ' ■
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each wlfhin 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
AN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLEY— • ~~
0 Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD,
San Kafael, Cal. ' -
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
mm San Francisco. « .
. , Rancho de Novato. :-.:' -;•.,.. A;- -^
Tract* cut any size -desired;, trait, pratn and
vegetable land , no irrigation; both rail . and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for lircnlar. ' • v ' . —
Improved dairy farms for 'sale with cow*. '*
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. -. •
I? ARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
sizes, improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda • ounty. Inquire of _. SAL/.,
Centre < .
! T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: " IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 1. acre
I pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; Spartly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TU'ING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. 8. F. '
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME*
for sale. WOOSTKR _ WHl'rroN. San Jose.
ffl«7 X AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
Up • *-f land: easy terms.
©'JK per acre: quantity to suit: fine soil; near
«4pOO Pleasanton, Alameda Co. terms to suit; also
I a few Improved cozy country homes near by; 5 to
- 20 acres at half former-value; easy terms: will ex-
change. LEE & KISER, 306 Montgomery st. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
"C'OU SALE.
$50rmb; $22 50 monthly; 6 rooms and
bath: new colonial cottage.
$2800— NochsIi: $25 monthly; 35x100; corner
house: 6 rooms and bam. ■ -.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly; 83:4x100; 5
rooir.s and bath: handsome new cottage.
.. $3500— 5200 cash; $30 monthly; 33x150: 6
rooms and . bath; elegant cottage on principal
driveway. - ■ ' ,■■ - ■'■>■■ ■"
• $3500-$ lOO cash : $35 monthly: 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage. .
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above' houses are situated on improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections pertect. . ■ ■ . ;* ■ •
to LET. :'\ 1 1 >:f-' 4 r:
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above If desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS. - -.
MARCUSE _ REMMEL.' Bar-st station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market st., S. F. . y ....
CJOftflll NEWSROOM. COTTAGE; $400
-«"''• cash; balance easy terms; see it.
$3000— New 6-room cottage ; lot 50x150; want
offer: $300 cash.
, $4250— New 7-room 2-story house; Broadway;
great bargain. ' . ■ • ; -. •
$3500— New 6-roo A cottage; must be sold.
$. Santa Clara aye.; 9-rooni house near
Park st. ; cheap. . ,-:- . ; '■■•.- • .- , • •- ...
$4750— Clinton aye.: 8 rooms; new: Clinton aye.
$6250— Alameda aye.: 8-room cottage; Alameda
aye. ; lot 64x150. -■
$11.000— Antonio aye.; 8 rooms; all modern;
beautiful. - .
House; lot 185x150; call and see thi - fine
property; 14 rooms and 6 acres land; water, rruit;
finest property in Alameda: must be sold. ■On all
these properties street work, sewers and sidewalks
complete. Large number furnished and unt'ur '
nisned bouse». .. E. I). JUDD, 1424 Park st. i ,
(5 LET — HANDSOME COTTAGE, COM
pletely • furnished,', elegant ■ and • extensive
grounds, for 1 year or more. 880 per month: also
fine 2-story house .of 9 rooms, handsomely fur-
nished, for 1 year or more, $75 per month. ■•
For sale— A- fine 8- room cottage; cost of building
alone $5500, with lot 65x146; $5600 will take the
property: don't fall toseelt. THOMAS A. SMITH,
1601 Park St., Alameda (broad-gauge depot).
m> "I ATk'TO $260 DOWN, «25 MONTHLY; NEW
i *3p ■* "li 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, 001. etc : with l»rg>)
lot: $2400 to.$»000; bend for illustrated book of
Alamedu, . free. Alameda Land. Company, 1500
Park st.. Alarm da. .<.■'■-... . ■- . ■■ .1
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
pm ; r^ATjE7^s_4T'BA3r^iosE^Xv^n^
V- ! side; 7 rooms: bath, gas, laundry, basement,
stable, lawn, shrubbery. J. 8. HANLEi", 1351
i Park gt. - '-'''-■■'-■-■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A"^ chXnc^Fo^B<ve^t^3^r^aTe7)R~__>
- V change about 400 acres rich I bottom land on
Sherman Island.' Sacramento River; when under
cultivation one-quarter of crop has ; netted owner
$20 per acre per annum;; the wharf privilege has
paid $5 per aay; part of property now under water,"
but will shortly be relieved. Address S. A. G.,
box 2, Call Office. . . , . . ■:,.
A(\ ACRE FRUIT RANCH. .- ■■ . : ' ... ■•
trli Full bearing.for good Oakland property. Apply
to DE KER, 1020 Market st. , . ■■■■ ■.:•; ,., .-;■
1 I A ACRES SANTA CLARA COUNTY. $4000
X 1" 14 acres adjoining San Jose lor ranch 3y,000
2 stores. 6-room flat, for Los Angeles prop-
erty .-......;........'.:......;.............: 6000
4 flats for lodging-house.. ......:.:.... 5000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? ■ .
I SELL AND EXCHANGE--; — -~ ■ -— -
All kinds of property. ■ '■ '—r- —^ —
: H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ILL EXCHANGE HANDSOME HOME IN
Alameda for improved or well-located vacant
lot In 8. F. I. N. PATTISO.V, 19 r Montgomery st.
(JjjQKfWV FLAT MORTGAGE .•-,. OF .'."-. 5700;
(pOtJUl', house, 10 rooms, on _ main street in
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. ■..-:.
IQQ/y ACRES TIMBER. LAN KERN CO.;
' I ZiOXf wwter; fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16.Ca1l
FINANCIAL. V' : -; yV' r .
<c^ fi7Pn7i7r i ' o ~^^ r on"3jfe~lnsur~-
J- V/U.Uv/' ' ance policies: bankbooks bought;
aso CriDple 2 Creek mining stocks. - JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ, room 9, 3IU) Pine st.
-. : . .- ; MONEY WANTED. - .-■;.,.■■ • " ;, .:
(_» rrW(\ ON NEW 6-ROOM HOUSE ; LOT
«5) I UU. 100x156; 225 feet from San Pablo aye.:
interest 8 per cent. Also $3500 on improved _rop-
eny; 120x_50, on San Pablo aye. : interest 10 per
cent, arid other loans from $200 to $100,000, at 8
and 10 per cent on gilt-edge security; do expense
to lender. Apply to A. L. WILLED , Golden Gate,
Alameda County, Cal. -: V ..?'"■: . ' • ■ ~;<^i ■*
OAN— $lOOO, CONTRA COSTA;. NO. 1-BE-
curlty. L. W.,- box 48, Call. v
BUILDING AND [ LOAN ASSOCIATION
\J sociation— Home office, 22*2 Pansome St., S. F.
General savings _ loan business Ed; E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldridge. V-Pr.; W. Corbin, Sec. _ Gen.Man.
f-;yy';:{.; : : r BICYCLES. ■■;.. -• ■■•-, - 
ARK CYCLERY— KEwTwHEELS TO;__t7
b-st : accommodations. ;' Termioua ; Geary, Mc-
' Allister und Powell st. car lines. x-*sraßrfi
-..■■■•. ■ ' . ■ ' ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. 1
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE AND INVEST-
J-J MENT COMPANY,
468 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
AT AUCTION.
LONG-CREDIT SALE.
OF THE
FRUITVALE TRACT,
FRUITVALE, "• -
EAST OAKLAND.
WE WILL SELL,
SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896,
At 2 o'clock p. m,, upon the ground,
21-i_ARGE, MAGNIFICENT
RESIDENCE LOTS— 2I
OF THE FRUITVALE TRACT. ALSO
' : A beautiful modern cottage •in the same tract
consisting of 8 rooms and bath, high basement,
cement cellar, stationary wash tubs and all mod-
ern conveniences. Large barn, chicken-house and
all :. outbuildings, together with large lot facing 81
feet on Fruitvale avenue by 206 feet In depth.
LONG CREDIT. LONG CREDIT.
ONLY ONE-FIFTH CASH, balance in four
equal semi-annual payments at low rate of Interest,
only 7 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
EVERY LOT OFFERED WILL POSITIVELY
BE SOLD. STREET WORK COMPLETE.
SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED.
There is no property around the city of Oakland
considered more desirable than Fniitrale property.
Fruitvale Is sheltered' from the heavy bay wind
and has a warm, sunny, delightful climate; in fact
this section is considered the thermal belt of Oak-
land. Elegant homes and charming gardens sur-
round this property on all sides.
Electric cars pass the property every few min-
utes. The value of this property as a residence
location cannot be excelled. Secure a catalogue
and examine the property before day of sale. •
SALE COMMENCES PROMPTLY AT 2 O'CLOCK
For further particulars apply to *>-' .
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE AND INVEST-
; -'.-. 7'; MENT COMPANY,
466 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND, CAL.
TOR SALE OR RENT- A FIRST -CLASS
-T summer resort: house of 11 rooms; oar, beauti-
ful garden and stable: opposite the railroad depot
and near the Oakland Trotting Park; a good
chance for a -live man; terms easy.. Apply H.
1 BROCKELMANN, Golden Gate station, Alameda
County. . • . . .; ..-_. \.~
<E*9Anfk FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR
tjp£i\J\J\J. Oakland or . Alameda property— a
choice farm of 75 acres, 25 miles from Stockton on
railroad; only 4 hours from San Francisco. A. C,
box 6, Call Office, Oakland.
fflj^),-r|/\ NEW AND MODERN TWO-STORY
<fl)--'«J\J\J. house and good lot. well located,
handy to narrow-gauge; a bargain. ALDKN &
KRONENBSRb'.9U2 Broadway, Oakland.
ffljOAA ROO?IING - HOUSE; WJ_LL D>
•ilTOv/V/. cated; paving well: a bargain. Apily
to ALDEN & KRONENBERG, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. : ._..-. ■ ' .
A SNAP- 2 SMALL COTTAGES: RENT $9
■t\. per month; lot 50x100: 10 -minutes' ride to
local train: price only $800. Address R., box 13.
Call Office, Oakland. ■ '
C PECIaL .BARGAINS. • ■ • . ~ ~
'MEW 7-ROOM 2-STORY 7-FOOT BASEMENT
-Li round-front modern house; street work com-
plete with cement walks; 1 block from San Pablo
«ye., near Durant School; lot. 25x100; price
$2660; $250 cash, balance $30 per month.
O-T-FOOT LOT ON E. SIDE FRANKLIN ST.,
■M*J near Sixth; 6-room cottage, rented and cheap
for $1600: half cash. _ "' v
SOUTHWEST COR. "OF SAN PABLO AYE.
and 30th st.; 60 feet On San Pablo aye.; price
$55 per front foot; or will trade for other first-
class property. • .■:.-
■VTEW 7-ROOM HOUSE ON N. SIDE OF
-Li Grant aye. or 37th St., 300 feet E. of Telegraph
aye.; lot 37:6x115: rented for $18 per month;
$2GUO; one-third cash, balance flat loan at 8 per
cent.  . .... >
100x150: ON W. SIDE OF SAN PABLO
-I-_»O aye., near the narrow-gauge railroad cross-
ine at 39th st.; with 2 5-room cottages on this
property; must be sold; make an offer at once. -
pORNER LOT NEAR 21ST-BT. ELECTRIC
V cars. East Oakland; 2tx 140; price 100: $300
can remain on flat loan at 8 per cent.
BEAUTIFUL HOME ON 7TH AYE., NEAR
15th st., East Oakland; 12-room new house
and lot 76x160, in 'first-class shape: this property
cost 5,000 ; on account of owner living - out or
city will sell for $10,000; $2500 cash, balance in-
stallments or flat loan at 8 percent. ■-■-■.-.
Address RALEIGH & CO., 460 Ninth St., Oak-
land. .'.' .
mo EXCHANGE— 6-ROOM MODERN . COT-
-1 tage in Oakland $4000, clear, for small im-
proved ranch. J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway, Oak-
laud. , . .... .- . : .
T7IOR SALE OK EX' HANGri — OAKLAND
-L' house and lot, 37x105, on electric line, for city
property. Apply At 1431 Bush st.
"I O-ROOM HOUSE: 100-FOOT LOT; ONLY 5
A— ' blocks from Broadway; sunny north cor-
ner; make me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office
Oakland.' ■ .. • , '
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON IXSTALL-
ments equal to • rent; . close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. ■ Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
' tlon. ■ . ■ , - . ; :  - .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ffljQC SIX MONTHS OR MORE; furnish^
.tipOU. Ed modern 6-room cottage; sunny cor-
: ncr; 2 Dlocks to train. 1003 Fifth aye., East Oak-
■ land. " ' '/ ■- - - ,- - . ■ i
I- OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. „;
J— . unfarnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway. Oakland. -^ ,
OAKLAND FURNITURE TOR SALE.
tJPOU. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st., Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL —STATS.
djf-j 7 C LOT IN " CENTRAiT^ERKELEy";
•4P I I O. 26x135: $5 cash, $6 monthly.
$400— Large lot In hast Berkeley;. 102x160;
cheap: and yet another 'a fine corner, 60xllu,
Oilly $380. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley station.
q^l.lCA, -LOOK! LOOK! — ONLY «U6O: A
tipXIUV. nice home; lot 60x135: 3-roomed
house: . good and nearly new; well located- near
station. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln, Berkeley. „
TT'OR < RENT — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
X 1 nished house Of 13 rooms On principal street; 3
minutes' walk' r r from Berkeley station; large
grounds, nicely improved; plenty of flowers and'
shade: lawn-ter.nis aud croquet -grounds: barn,
chicken-house, etc. J. J. MASON, Berkeley sta-
tion. • ;.■;:■ ;■ , .-■ ..--... .- . .:.■.,/.. ■- ..;-. . ■ ;
JOS. J. ; MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
: surance agent/ Berkeley station. : :■ ■• ■ ,■■ ..- -
I ■'OR SALE— TWO MODERN HOUBBB, JUST
completed; 7 and. 8 rooms; porcelain baths;
large lots; in choice part of town: easy terms. -
A few choice corner lots south of University;
cheap to close an estate. : -•:<■-.,
' - 270 x 120 : 6 blocks from the University: near
foothills; at half-price. M. L. WURTB, opposite
Dwight-way station, Berkeley, Cal. -.:. ' -, : ...
G. MAY 4 CO., REAL ESTATE AND
. building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. -..
• BERKELEY ROOMS. ; : •--..
.A TTRACTI Viif "BUNNY ROOMS WITH
-£\. board: first and second floors: single or en suite 1 ,
private; central; reasonable. .; 2324 Chan way.
ADJOINING :, UNIVERSITY -. GROUNDS —
Large newly furnished rooms: electric Uahts;
first-class board : between two lines electrio-cars;
private dining-room for family If desired. \ 2214
Union st. - • -. .. ..:■ ■-. . ".-.-... -■•;•• - . -- : :
■~\_ ':■, PARTNERSHIP NOTICES. ;\\ :--.■■'■
TkISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP^THE
U firm of LADAGNOV3 dt LEVY, known as the
"Maison Riche," corner of Grant avenue 'and;
Geary, street, composed of > tne undersigned, has
this day been dissolved by mutual consent, ISI-
DORE W. LEVY, retiring. The business will be
continued at the same place by JUSTIN LADAG-
NuUS. who assumes all the liabilities of the late
firm and will collect all the outstanding accounts.
■;:.. Dated at San Francisco. April 9, 1896.
• JUSTIN LA DAG NOUS,
ISIDORE W. LEVY.
:r-__ -.y } -'--MONEY. TO I ' OAN ' ■
OAKLAND LOANS ON "FIRST 'MORTGAGES '
on improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of Interest. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
ONEY LOANKD ON JEWELRY AND
iM other valuables at the Security Loan Offlce,
1106 Market St.. Dr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
BIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
AD VANCE ON LIFE INSURANCE, LEGA-
A cies, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
ORTGAGIiS, LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
low rates. Sylvain Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
"« ST «t 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
Atatesclowest rates:no deIay .MURPH V.628
C&riAn l\(\(\ ON KBal ESTATE; LOWEST
UV/l/rates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY,
-TV Columbia Loan <& Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
A NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
XV estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. Mc'..'< AN. 24 Montgomery, roonm 2-H.
PAWNBROKERS.
T. 126' KEARN Y B'l\." ROOaT &^MONk V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator': pledges for gal ) cheap.'
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
. The following marriage license* were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
R. Jones and Mathilda Patterson. 32—27.'
S. Wattson and Messina M. Nielsen, — 23.
John P. Hare and Julia O'Keefe. 22-22. '
Samuel B. Reed ana Clara Dewell, 25—20.'
Edwin Fish and Mamie A. Jones, 32—19.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed: • • ■
Lillian M. Croome against William Croome.
Divorce granted:
. Eliza Murray Davis from Walter Alfred Davis,
for his intemperance; by Judge Daingerfleld.
Plaintiff allowed the custody of the five minor
children and half the community property.
Alimony proceedings: "- . .
Eda G. Lame vs. Frank B. JLalne: defendant
ordered to pay plaintiff $15 a month alimony.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall .
will not be Inserted. They must be banded In ac
either of the publication offices and bo indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.] ■ •
BORN.
MEAGHER— In this city, April 4. 1898, to the '
wife of Joseph J. Meagher, a son. - - -
McCABE— In (his city, April 8, 1896, to the wife
of John McCabe, a daughter.
McDONALD— In this city. April 3. 1896. to the
wife of Joseph McDonald, twins— son and daugh-
ter. .... ..- ...
STEVENTON— In this city, ADrll 9, 1898, to the
- wife of I. Steventon, a daughter. :
WAIBEL-In this city, April 9, 1896, to the wife
of Fred L. Waibel. a daughter.
MARRIED.
CRUSER-^FLOYD-In this city. April 3, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, George E. CCruste t
and Amy Floyd, both of San Francisco.
LORY— LORY— In this city, April 7, 1896, by the
Rev. J. M. Buehler, John. A. Lory and Emma
Lory. •
McWILLIAMS— SIEBK-In this city, April 8,
1896. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick J.
Me Williams and Amelia Marie Siebe.
MATHERS— SIEMER-In this city. April 5. 1896.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Jesie W. Mathers and
Elizabeth Siemer. > . ■ .  . .
PON— LENORMAND-In this city, April 8, 1896.
by the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., A. J. Pon and
Marie E. Lenormand. . .
SEITZ— BOWERS-In this city, April 9. 1896. by
.the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., Christian F. Selta
and Stella T. Bowers, both of Sao Francisco.
SNOW— NICKERSON— In this city. April 9, 1896, ,
by the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D..Wilbert A. Snow
' of Oakland and Ida A. Nickersonof Port La Tour,
Shelburne County, Nova Scotia.
STONE— SMITH— In this city. April 8.1896, by
the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, A. L. Stone of Dillon,
Mont., and Alblnft Smith of San Francisco.
______ ___
UkKD.
Asch, Wolf Nelson, Sarah E.
Cottle, Franklin D. Pemaveau, Josephine
Daegi;er. George I'luris. William
Derain, Rose Riddell, John W.
Francis, Walter B. Rvan. Lawrence W.
Furcate, Marie H. Sawyer, Allie '
Haslehurst, Mrs. A. M. Van Buren, Earl M.
' Hayes, John i • ■ Wahlberg, Gustave '
ASCH— In this city, April 10, 1896. at his resi-
dence. 465r Tehama street. Wolf, beloved hus-
band of Henrietta Asch. and father of Simon,
Benjamin, Isaac and Phillip Asch and Mrs.
Lewin, a native of I'osen, Germany, aged 73
■ years. • ■ ' . . .: ■■ . ' -. .
0"Notloeof funeral hereafter. No flowers.
COTTLE-In this city, April 10, 1896, Franklin
D. .Cottle, a native in Vineyard Haven, Mass.,
aged 77 years. - ■:■'. [ .
DAEGGER— In this city, April 10. 1896. George
Daegger, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
4 months and 19 days. ■, .
DERAIN— In Oakland. April 9, 1895, Rose, be-
loved wife of K. D. Derain, and sister of Daniel
and Owen Ferguson, a native of County Loath,
Ireland, aged 35 years. . . u-^-'uV.-
-4S~FrieDds and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
Saturday) from the : residence of her brother,
>aniel Ferguson, 6 seventh street, Oakland,
thence to the Church of the Immaculate Concep-
. tion, wnere a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at '
. 9 o'clock a.m.- Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
O. C. F.— To the officers and members df Emplra
Council No. 47, O. C. F. : You are hereby notified
to meet at hall. 909 Market street, THIS DAY
(■Saturday), at 8 o'clock a. m. sharp, to attend ■
the funeral of our late friend, Mrs. Rose Derain. I
JOHN L. CAH ILL, Councilor.
Jakes Jordan, Secretary. ■-•'.'-.» .-■ . .
FRANCIS— In Oakland, April 9, 1896. Walter
Benjamin Francis, a native of California, aged
14 years and 7 days.
FURCATE— In Golden Gate, April 9, 1896, Marie
Honorine, beloved daughter of John B. and Maria
Furcate, and sister of Emily and Johnnie Fur- '
■ cate, a native of South San Francisco, aged 20
years 11 months and 26 days.
&s~Friends . and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attem»4 he funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock. v., from the residence
of the parents on Doyle street, near San Pablo
avenue, thence to Sacred Heart ' Church, Temes-
. cal, where services will, be held, commencing at
1 o'clock p. m. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland. • - > - . . •-,-.-
HASLEHURST— In West Oakland, April 10.1898.
Mrs. Annie M. Haslehurst, beloved mother of
Dr. A. 0.. W. W., Miss Infra and Emma Hasle-
hurst and Mrs. Louie Thors, a native of. Colum- <
but. Ohio, aged 53 years. - .
j&y"Frlends ' and acquaintances are r<^op<r-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. St., from her late
-residence, 954 Center street. West Oakland.
Interment private, San Lorenso Cemetery.
HAVES— In Los Angeles, April 9, 1896, John,
beloved son of John- and Catherine Have*, and
brotner of Timothy "Hayes and Mrs. Teresa Ru-
ben and Mrs. Mary Rich of Spokane Falls, a na- •
tive of San Francisco, aged 34 years.. [Oakland
papers please copy.] ■ " .
#g~ .Notice of funeral hereafter. K ;^ :iiii
NELSON— In San Rafael, April 9, 1896, Sarah E., .
- beloved wife of C. Nelsou, and mother of Harry,
Chris and Anna Nelson, a native or' California, ■
aged 38 years, -t , : . . : - . -. , . . . ,
49~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue, '
near Market. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
PF.RNAVEAU-In this city, April . 10, 1896, i
1 Jo-ephine, beloved wife of Lee Pernaveau. and
mother of Grace Stephens, Leonore and' Lester
' . Pernaveau, a native of Si. Louis, Mo., aged 3tl
years. :
PLT'XS— into rest In Palo Alto, April 9
1896, William, beloved 1 husband of Minnie
l'luns, and ' father of Fred, 'Willie, Florence,
Tillie and Lulu Pin ns, a native of Hnnover,
Germany, a?ed 43 years 11 months and 7 days.
j*yFnends - and ■ acquaintances are respect-
fully invitea to attend the funeral TO-MORROW |
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock m.. from his late resi-
• dence at' Palo Alto, thence by train .to Cypress r
Lawn Chapel, where services will be held at 3
o'clock p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ' '. • ' . . -■ - \• ' •
RIDDELL— In this city. April 8. 1896. John W.
Riddell,' a native of Pennsylvania, aged 60 years.
RYAN— In this city, April 9, 1893, Lawrence. W •
Ryan, deanly. beloved husband of Catherine
' Ryan, and father of John F., ' Lawrence T.,
Mamie, David, Kittle and George Ryan, a native
of the parish of Fermoy, County Cork, Ireland, •
aged 52 years. ..-..-. . ... ;
Friend a- and acquaintances ' are resnect-
ft»"y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 7:80 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 928.Natoma street, thence to Ht.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be . celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 - o'clock a. m. Interment ,
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ... ■
BAWYER— In this city. April .9, 1896, Allie,
beloved son ■■ of Joseph H. : and Ella . Sawyer,
brother of Ella Sawyer, and grandson of Mrs. I*
Hart, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years I
month and 27 days. ' . * .
'■: «3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from ' the family
residence. 120 Eleventh . street. Intermeut
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VAN BURKN— In Alameda. April 10. 1896, Earl
. M.; beloved son of J. D. and Lucy E. Van Buren,
a native of Alameda, aged 2 months. '. , ' : . ' ;- -
j93"Frlpnf.s and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 O'clock p. it., from the residence. '
12 Mastlck Terrace. Interment Mountain Vie—
Cemetery, Oakland. ■ ■• .•"■•-■; ■
WAIILBKRG-In this city, April 9. 1896, Gn»-
tave i Wahlberg, a native of • Sweden, aged - S3
'- years. ';■■--" '.>.,■.- : ..;;■.. ... ..■
I .: UNITED -UNDERTAKERS', I
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
■'- '■: -j x- J . « at Reasonable Rates. '
Telephone Sonth 167. .27 and 29 Fifth st.
I McAVOY _ CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIBECTORS * EMBALM ESS,
' >• Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. -
' ; : " . - Telephone 8080. '
_ ' - _;
1516
THE TAX ROLL
MILLIONS SHORT
Assessment Data in Pos
session of the Grand
Jury.
LIGHT ON FRANCHISES.
Deposits and Securities Valued
at $108,000,000 Listed for
$6,000,000.
SOME STARTLING FIGURES*
Carl W. yon Tiedeman and Harry
Wilkins Indicted for Perjury.
Frank Miller's Case.
Several members of the Grand Jury
ptrenuousfv denied yesterday that any de
linquencies or misconduct had been found
in the Assessor's Office, or that any inves
tigation of That office in particular had
be«n directed. It is (known, however, that i
the Grand Jwry corruuittee on Assessor, I
Auditor and Treasurer, of which John
Landers is chairman, and to which G. H.
TTmbsen and Theodore F. Payne belong,
paid a visit secretly to John D. Siebe and
juade inquiries concerning the general
management of the Assessor's office. It is
eurmised, moreover, that this committee
Is in possession of information which is
Tery important, if not startling.
Members of the Grand Jury gener
ally are exceedingly reticent witu
«verything but denial, yet it was obvious
yesterday that John EL Burke had been
called as a witness by the jury. It is
?inown that he gained a great deal of pub
>lic notice some sixteen years ago in a per
bistent effort to have Assessor JJadlaru list
lor taxation a vast deal of property which
not then been assessed. The result of
vthe agitatioc which he then instituted
j»nd brought before the Grand Jury was
*the creation of a supplemental assessment
.roll of $90,000,000. The valuation of the
pas company's franchise was increased
$1,000,000 to $0,000,000, and a similar
'raise put on the Spring Valley franchise.
Mr. Burke was called as a witness late
5n the afternoon, .and was not detained for
a. great length of time. It is understood
that he will go before the jury again.
"When questioned as to the nature of his
testimony yesterday he divulged no fur
ther information than that it related to
the assessment roll.
The Grand Jury committee, however, of
Which Mr. Landers is cdairman, is be
lieved to be in possession of data showing
hat sworn statementsof nine of the banks
of San Francisco show that these institu
tions possess $52,000,000 more of taxable
property than they are charged with on
the assessment rolls. There is data to
chow that the banks of San Francisco, all
told, hold of taxable property $108,000,000.
"Vet Assessor Siebe has assessed the whole
lot for only $ 6,000,000. It is calculated
that from the $108,000,000 some $47,000,000
should be deducted for unsecured debts,
but that the residue is under the law tax
able. The point is advanced, again, that
the banks are not entitled to the deduc
tion because the assessments are arbitrary.
Had sworn statements been made the off
set could be allowed, but not after neglect
or refusal to rile sworn statements.
From what source the committee has
obtained this information does not tran
spire, but a likely solution is that John H.
Burke, since his arrival from Minneapolis
two mouths ago, has been delving into
assessment statistics.
The observation has not escaped the
committee that the gas company fran
chise, once raised to $5,000,000, is now
down to $1,000,000, and a similar reduction
has followed with reference to the Spring
Valley franchise.
The same rule of light assessment is said
to apply to the Pacific Improvement Com
pany, the Southern Development Com
pany and street railway franchises
generally.
A conservative grand juror is quoted as
payine: "If this system of assessment is
carried much further the whole burden of
taxation will fall on the owners of home
steads and the actual possessors of real
•state. As it now etands, the vast volume
, of cash, stocks, notes and securities de
posited in banks and the' great stores filled
• with merchandise of common value pay
taxes on but a small percentage of just
I valuation, while the owners of real estate
must pay on a full valuation a rate
amounting almost to confiscation in order
to furnish the millions required for the
tax-eating classes of the City and State
' governments.'
It is known that some members of the
Grand Jury are in favor of resolute meas
t tires to make the Assessor assess the rich
the same degree that he does the poor.
■Others of the jury are inclined to be con-
I eervative, holding that public good would
not be advanced by the adoption of radi
cal measures against corporations and the
f rich.
The decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States in the matter of taxing
■ franchises is hailed as a benefit, and some
of the members of the Grand Jury are in
terested in seeing that the franchises are
assessed to their full value.
Horace D. Dunn, expert of the Grand
Jury, has concluded his investigation of
accounts and records in the Recorder's
HEW TO-DAY.
CENT
Bottle of CUTICURA RESOL-
VENT, greatest of humor cures,
is often sufficient to complete
a permanent cure of the most
torturing and disfiguring of
skin, scalp, and blood humors.
Bpeedt Cuke Tbkatstekt for alt. Skin and
Blood Hdmors. —Warm baths with Ci'ticuha
Boap, gentle applications of Ccticuiu (oint-
ment), the great ekin cure, and mild doses of
Ccticdra Resolvent, greatest of humor cures.
Sold throughout the worli. Price, CVticuka, Me ;
Boap. 2.V; ; Risolvent. Vie «nd fl. Fottib Dblo
A-vi> Cuzu. Cofp.. Pole Prop*.. Rntton.
a*~ - Uow to Cure Every Humor." mailed free.
office. He submitted a voluminous report
yesterday and received instructions from
the Grand Jury to continue work. The
jury declined to say where the expert was
ordered.
While the Grand . Jury was in ses
sion District Attorney Barnes was
called out for a conference with Cap
tain Lees. It is undprstood that
Lees has placed in the possession of the
District Attorney, for Grand Jury use.
some important facts connected with the
killing of an alleged burglar by Frank
Miller. The jury will probably investigate
to ascertain all the facts and circumstances
of the tragedy.
The Grand Jury went into Judge Slack's
court yesterday and reported three indict
ments. Carl W. yon Tiedeman and Harry
Wilkins were indicted for perjury and the
bail of each fixed at $3000.
Two weeks ago The Call told the story
of Mrs. Sarah R. Spencer's appearance be
fore the Grand Jury and her production of
positive proof that she was in Chicago
when Harriet P. Christy's name was
forged in March. 1894, in this City, to an
instrument conveying a block of land in
the Richmond- district to one Horace G.
Pratt. •
In the trial of Tiedeman in the Superior
Court, P 'partment 11, July, 1895, a
photograph of Mrs. Sarah R.JOwen (now
Mrs. Spencer) was produced, and both
Tiedeman and Wilkins swore positively
that it was the photograph of the woman
who introduced herself as Harriet P.
Christy. She was then introduced to Lee
D. Craig, the notary, as the owner of the
property. The Grand Jury was convinced
by the testimony of numerous witnesses
that Tiedeman and Wilkins willfully com
mitted perjury.
The third indictment was that of Felix
Truett for assault with a deadly weapon.
He cut Jean Garrigus in the neck, but
somehow managed to get clear in one of
the police courts. Truett's bail was fixed
at $1000.
The case of Thomas R. Ashworth,
Superintendent of Streets, against whom
an accusation of official misconduct was
laid by the Eldridge Grand Jury, will
come, by order of court, before the present
jury, of which Frank Maskey is foreman.
The subject was not considered beyond
informal discussion yesterday.
PREPARING TO WED.
Clerk Edward W. William* to Become
a Benedict.
Edward W. Williams, the popular clerk
of the Justice's Court, is preparing to be
come a benedict, and on the 22d inst. will
be married to Miss May Doremus Snook,
one of the many pretty girls who make
Oakland society so attractive to the mem
bers of the other aex.
The ceremony will take place at the
home of the bride's parents, 800 Thirteenth
street, and iB expected to be a swell though
quiet affair. Miss Snook is a sister of
CbarJes E. Snook, the District Attorney of
Alameda County, and is one of the most
popular young ladies of the Athens of the
Paci fie.
Mr. "Williams is one of the best known
of the young politicians of San Francisco,
having been many years in municipal of
fices, and always serving with credit to
himself and those who appointed him.
He served terms in the Registrar's office,
the County Clerk's office and in the Re
corder's department, and after the last
election was the unanimous choice of the
Justices of the Peace for the important
position which he now holds.
Aft«r the wedding Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liams will reside in this City.
CABS ON DIAMOND STREET
The Market-Street Company to
Extend the Castro-
Street Line.
Noe Valley Residents Seized With
Boulevard Intentions on Their
Own Account.
The Market-street Railway Company
has in contemplation the extension of its
Castro-street line from its southern ter
minus at Twenty-sixth street to connect
with the Mission road at its junction with
Diamond street.
This additional link will be made by the
equipping of an electric line from Castro
street at either Twenty-fifth or Twenty
sixth streets. The exact route has not
been positively decided upon yet.
From Diamond street near Castro, how
ever, the line will run along Diamond
street to Mission, as this is the only street
that has been cut through that portion of
the hill west of Noe Valley. Work would
probably have been commenced by the
railroad company before this were it not
that the Spring Valley Company is about
to tear up the street for the purpose of
putting in a main service-pipe. This done,
the construction force from the railroad
company's department will proceed to lay
tracks and string wires for the construc
tion of the Castro-street line over the hill,
tapping a new section heretofore inacces
sible so far as streetcar accommodation
was concerned. With this new branch
and the old-established lines there are now
four branches of electric lines tapping this
section.
The San Mateo line on Guerrero, Thir
tieth and Chenery streets, the Twenty
ninth-street continuation of the Mission
street line, Jhe Twenty-second street
branch of the same and the Eighteenth
street branch of the San Mateo line with
the now proposed extension of Castro on
Diamond, will be the means of building
a section of this City that a few years aeo
was grazing ground for milch cows and
sportive goats.
Even the residents out there ara now
getting the boulevard fever and nothing
less than a Dolores-street boulevard will
.satisfy their ambition. They point with
pride and pleasure to the commanding
width of this street, which has correspond
ing dimensions with Van Ness avenue, and,
as they ciaim, for a mere trifling expendi
ture in cutting down the hill between j
Twenty-third and Twenty-sixth streets, no
prettier boulevard could be found in the
City. This they say will give an outlet
for the Mission people to get to the Golden
Gate Park and to the Western Addition
without the necessity of coming down to
Valencia street.
Others there are on Mission street who
are clamoring for a police station in that
section known as the Mission road and the
Fairmount District.
All. however, have lofty and commenda
ble pretensions on the growth and beau
ties of their respective sections.
Two Team fur Isaacs.
W. C. Isaacs, who swore he had witnessed a
marriage which took place some hundreds of
miles from where he was, pleaded guilty to a
charge of perjury before Judge ßahrs yesterday,
and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment.
Isaacs was a witness in the suit of Inez Mercer
when she sought to secure a divorce on the
ground of fraud. The marriage took place in
Portland while Isaacs was in the City, and yet
he swore tnat he was present at the ceremony,
and that the bride was imposed upon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896.
BLYTHE HEIRS
RENEW THE SUIT
Will Combat Distribution of.
Millions to Mrs.
Hinckley.
APPEAL TO BE TAKEN.
Case Perhaps Only in Its Infancy
After Years of Litiga
tion.
JUDGE COFFEY AN OBSTACLE.
To-Day's Action but a Stepping-Stone
to the State and National
Supreme Courts.
Tile remarkable Blytne inheritance case
will pass another milestone this afternoon
in its long journey through the courts.
A bill of exceptions to Judge Coffey's
ruling will be settled at 2 o'clock by the
Judge himself, who will either grant it and
thereby allow the numerous Blythe heirs
to take an appeal to the Supreme Court at
once, or will refuse it and thus force the
applicants to secure a writ of mandamus
from the Supreme Court compelling him
to show cause why he should not grant the
bill.
"This bill of exceptions to Judge Coffey's
decision," said Attorney George W. Towle
Jr., speaking yesterday for the opponents
of Mrs. Florence Blythe Hinckley, "is
merely a stepping-stone to an appeal that
we shall take to the Supreme Court of the
State, and if unsuccessful there we shall
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
"As far asthelenethof time of the litiga
tion over the Blythe estate, the case may
possibly be said to be still in its infancy.
"The judgment rendered that Florence
Hini'kley was heir to Blythe was void for
want of jurisdiction.
"That judgment rests on section 1387 of
the Civil Code, which provides that every
illegitimate child is an heir if the father of
such child acknowledges it in the presence
of a competent witness.
"The judgment rests on that section
which was a re-enactment of section '2 of
the act of April 15, 1850. That section 2
had been passed upon twice by the
Supreme Court prior to the time of re-en
actment, and they had held in the case of
Pina vs. Peck, reported in 31 California,
that writing produced by the child to be
sufficient under that section must show
upon its face that it was executed for the
purpose of making the child an heir;
must refer to the child as illegitimate, and
must bear the signature of the witness to
its executiou.
"The writing!) in the Blythe case do not
meet the requirements of the court in that
case in any single particular. They are
simply letters constituting a mass of social
correspondence.
"Justice Garoutte in his decision on the
Blythe case, quoted in 96 California, said:
'Pina vs. Peck is not authority in this
case for two sufficient reasons: Four
Justices participated in the decision [Jus
tice Sanderson not taking part], and two
of these Justices conferred alone in the
judgment.'
"The opinion in Pina vs. Peck, as pub
lished in 31 California, begins, 'By the
court, Rhodes J., Justice Rhodes being
the writer of the opinion, with which Jus
tices Shatter and Sawyer concurred spe
cially, following which are the words, '1
coucur in the judgment,' to which no sig-
I nature appears.
"After Justice Garoutte's opinion was
published discrediting the opinion in Pina
vs. Peck, the Blythe Company instituted
proceedings to perpetuafe the testimony
of Justices Rhodes and Currey, the only
members ot the court at the time the
opinion in Pina vs. Peck was rendered
that are now living. Both remember the
case distinctly; both are emphatic in their
statement that it was the opinion of the
court. And Justice Rhodes deposes that
he is as certain that Justice Sanderson did
participate in the decision in that case and
did concur freely in the opinion written by
himself, as published, as he is that he him
self wrote it.
"I said to him, 'Judge, is yonr belief in
that fact such that it amounts to an abid
ing conviction, to a moral certainty, of the
truth of that statement, to such an extent
that if a human life depended upon your
so saying yon would still so declare? 1 He
replied that it did.
"In the hearing of our appeal before the
Supreme Court in February last the depo
sitions of Justices Currey and Rhodes
were tendered to the court in support of
the opinion in Pina vs. t'eck. The depo
sitions were objected to by counsel for
Mrs. Hinckley, and the court declined to
receive the depositions in evidence.
"In connection with the offer of the
depositions counsel stated to the court the
substance of the depositions. In Pina
vs. Peck the decision is material because
in an unbroken line of decisions in courts
of all States including California the law
is that where a statute such as the act of
1850 has been construed by the highest
court of the State and subsequently re
enacted without substantial change in
phraseology, that such' re-enactment is a
legislative adaption of the construction
that has been placed upon it by the court.
"Referring to this. Justice Garoutte says
in his opinion: 'There can be no question
that if the rules of statutory construction
are the same now as when Pina vs. Peck,
| 31 California 369, was decided and the
I views then expressed had been adopted by
a majority of the court this principle of
the construction of statutes would have
controlling effect in this case, but it is
| equally true that rules of construction have
been changed. Such principle in the very
nature of things could not maintain.'
' "The rule of construction that he refers
to as having been changed is that estab
lished by section 4 of Civil Code, which
reads that the common-law rule of statutes
and derogations thereof should be strictly
construed, has no application in the code,
but that its provisions should be liberally
construed to effect its objects and promote
justice.
"Our purpose in this bill of exceptions is
to appeal from the judgment of final dis
tribution of the Blythe estate, permitting
Mrs. Hinckley to enter into possession as
legal heir."
A Sadden Death.
F. P. St. Thomas, a draugn tsman, 50 years of
age. died suddenly last evening at 7 o'clock In
his rooms, at 1137 Mission Ureet. It is pre
sumed that death resulted from heart disease
The body was removed to the Morgue.
' -■•■' ■'". v^i-fc .■."•■..•■•'■■.. •■-■ ;'■'- - ■ ■'■"■■■ ' : '-■'■'' '•';' ■*. :^":i- '■ NEW TO-DAT-DRT goods- '- ' ' - ■. .' ." ___^^_^^- -
Br^^ Han| wyi ■■ BH^UB I ■Hbjw ■hEßbhi Kl^bis Hn Bffn bB M Bi HK wy
- — 1 ?&£Orstt- ~~- — — —
As samples of the UNUSUAL VALUES that are making our magnificent NEW
SPRING STOCK so popular with every one interested in securing 1 the best bargains for
their money we present a few of
TO-DAY'S GREAT LEADERS!
HANDKERCHIEFS! I GLOVES ! _ GLOVES! LADIES' WAISTS AMD PARASOLS ! PARASOLS !
At 5 Cents Each. At 45 Cents, CHILDREN'S DRESSES ! , At $1.50.
300 dozen LADIES' AND MISSES' COL- 1000 ; pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID wuiuiiiujxi « "^"""w • LADIES' SILK GLORIA PARASOLS,
ORED BORDERED HEMSTITCHED GLOVES, colors mode, slate and tan At<fc2OO ' ? ' ;V with celluloid handles, entirely new,
,ANU INITIALED HANDKER- (sizes 6K, 6^,- 7, 7^ and 8), regular ...._., .v ^ wmVav T>TMTTY Talues2 25,wU1 be offered at $1 50.
lil^lHP^ ii> tSS? so sss Ats2oo .-
Af in r^t= F^ch v 1000 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, col- at *- eacn. n"' ■ LADIES' 22-INCH SILK GLORIA PARA-
At iv tents r-acii. " ors tan, mode and slate, regular value At {J»o.UU. • SOLS, real Dresden handles in blue or
200 teA^ l^;^? WiISftJ'SSS 85C ' Will be Offered at «* a P air « LADIES' FANCY BRILLIANTINE white *3 vdn be of er'ed at J£
EMBROIDERED LAWN HANDKER WAISTS, figured silk effects, bishop
; CHIEFS (slightly imperfect), . regular At 65 Cents. sleeves, detachable collar and cuffs. ;; ':. i '-' S 7 \:
-It lOct^ 026111 WUI Pl ° nSale 800 pairs 6-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS- regular price $3 75. will be offered at ;; :■ .... fc
< atlOceach QUETAIRE CHAMOIS SKIN W each. . __ _ LADIES' 22-INCH SILK GLORIA PARA-
At 15 Cents Each. GLOVES .in white and natural, regu- x A t $ *«t a v «ir V SOLS, in handsome Dresden handles,
100 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED lar value ?1, will be offered at Me a pair. LADIES' FANCY PERS I A N SILK value $3 75, will be offered at $2 50.
EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN ' .'--'«'• WAISTS made in the latest style, fm-
HANDKEKCHIEFS (slightly imper- At 75 Cents. ished with .velvet collar and belt reg-
feet), regular value a dozen.'will be 500 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID ular price $8 50, will be offered at * 7 50 Af t oo
placed on sale at 15c each. GLOVES, black : only, regular value each - •• ." .--... n i1717T Arv , papYq^' ■ i • _«,
. • . $1 25, will be offered at 75c a pair. ' At $2.00. CARRIAGE PARA 3 ' in gloria silk.
, - — — : . • . . -. , CHILDREN'S LAWN AND DIMITY silk lined, value |1 50, will be offered
TTPTT HTfl I TTT^TTnTn I ' " DRESSES, made with fancy square as»i...
YialblJill ' VMLilllT ' and pointed collar, finished with em-
IJJIUUIU. T.lilJJixiU . MEN'S fDRNISHINGS! broidery, will be offered at $2 each.
At 25 Cents a Yard.; jJlliiri U S Ullrllulllll UU ! rrnnTn-nTT i TTnriTTiTilT I
BLACK TUXEDO AND DOTTED VEIL- <-r- TTfISTIfKY H (IS IK Hi f
ING, trimmed with Butter .Valeiir At 5 Cents ■flUOlJblll ! ■ flUOii!lIlli ■■■■wkmwi
ciennes Lace, regular value 40c. f 500 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED At 2S Ce"n¥a Pair FANCY nIKKIINS'
At 50 Centsa^ Yard. HEMSTITCHED HiNDK'FP CHILDRiys^ C l BB ED a FTNE MACO rUliUi IUJJUUIIU.
At 50 Cents a Yard. CHIEFS extra laree size regular CHILDREN'S 1-1 RIBBED FINE MACO
DOUBLE-WIDTH CHENILLE .DOTTED ■ price $1 20 a dozen will be offered at 5c COTTON HOSE, double knee, heel ' „- c
TUXEDO.VEILING, in all colors; ex- | ach# ?1 • a t ttozen,_wili be ottered at 5c sole and toe, Hermsdorf ye, black A XT _ V WA T> V n RTRBOT in«lmoilT
tra values, new styles. .: eacn - ' ; and assorted tan shades, regular value FANCY SHADED RIBBON, melegaatly
J ■ ■ ■' _■ 35c.. assorted colors, will be offered at Ssc a
At 50 Cents ■ a Yard. ■ "Ati 15 Cents. r . 'a *. < />•>•' /"* '*■ p. -■ yard.
DOUBLE-WIDTH TUXEDO VEILING, 200 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS, T AnT?^BiA?K rnTTnVHnsV 1 , Ttrq
with velvet dot, embossed in gold and in assorted opera shades, navy and •LA hi?h «sired heel? and I toe? Hermsdorf
silver, in black,, cream, navy and white fieurea, black, light, fancies, etc., ' g;f c V^u?ar ?rice "oc " " At 50 Cents.
brown ; the latest novelty. extra value for 25c, will be offered at black, re o price Att. _ DRESDEN RIBBON, 4 and 5 In 3 heB wide,
'_— - loceach. At 2.-. Cents a Pair. in handsome designs, will be offered at
"WPPTrWT?A"P ? "WtfPirWii'A'D !' ' At 12^ Cents. ' \-' LA spliced htels and tols, 'plain ( and' Ricl. sOca y ard '
llJllUJi!! nn.ll ! llJllUJllf Jbilil! i 75 dozen FULL-FINISHED IMPORTED elieu ribbed, in black and assorted tan
— — v COTTON SOCKS, in assorted tan shades, regular vaiue 25c. A - ft* r*nta
At 35 Cents Each. shades,. witbMouble spliced heels and - — . -„„,„ tht»av a ?'« !„,.>,«. «m.
NECK RUFFLES of Black Net, with toes, worth 20c, will be offered at 12^0 PfIPQIPTQ ! Pfl'RQli'TQ T ?r ?D?Jid?n^?d shadSS effects will be
White; Lace edge, regular price »1, will a pair. , lUltollllo! lUilOilllb! offered at 65c a yard
be placed on sale at 85c each. ottered at toe a yard.
• r! :...;■..•■, ••■■■■.■■ At 75 Cents. At $1.00. ;
At $1.00 Each. 52dozen MEN'S UNDYED AUSTRALIAN j LADIES' SATTEEN CORSETS, extra well »*„-■#* x
YOKES of Butter Point Venise Lace. ' WOOL UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW- boned and double belt, long waist and At 2o Cents.
trimmed with Oriental Lace, regular " ERS, medium weight, warranted thor- j high bust, perfect fitting, patent loop TAFFETA RIBBONS, 5 inches wide, Jn
value $2, will be placed on sale at $1 oughly shrunk, regular price '$125, eyelets, black and drab, regular price blue, white, maze and pink, value 45c,
each. : will be offered at 75c each. ?l-50. will be offered at 25c a yard.
I ; i
1/1/ Murphy Building, / mi/ Murphy Building, / fmi/ Murphy Building, / ml/ Murphy Building, \f "
; Market ail Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets, v
TOOK HIS BOY BY FORCE.
William S. Eaton Creates a Sen
sation on Market Street
Yesterday.
A Lad of Seven Years Taken From
the Custody of His Mother by
His Father.
William S. Eaton created some excite
ment on Market street, opposite the Palace
Hotel, yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock,
by forcibly taking his son Arthur, aeed 7
years, from the custody of his mother, and
driving rapidly away with the child.
Mr. Eaton is in the employ of the Good-
Mrs. Minnie S. Eaton.
[From a photograph.]
year Rubber Company as City agent, and
is quite well known about town, having
been the plaintiff in a sensational divorce
suit against Mrs. Minnie S. Eaton, in
which the defendant, Mrs. Eaton, was
eranted the divorce. The court awarded
the custody of the little boy to Mrs. J. M.
French, residing at 332 Haight street,
under the condition that both the father
and mother could see the child, but not
take it away.
Eaton was driving down Market street
in a buggy yesterday, and when near the
Palace saw his former wife leading the boy
down MarKet street toward the ferry. The
enraged husband whipped up his horse,
and when near the couple leaped out of
the buggy, grabbed the child, and jumping
back into the rig, started away at a wild
pace. The incident happened in such a
short space of time that it was all over
before the people in the vicinity realized
what had happened. Mrs. Eaton began to
shriek at the top of her voice, and in a mo
ment quite a crowd collected. Eaton and
the child were already far away, and the
lady refused to give her name or say any
thing about the matter.
Eaton turned the horses' heads toward
the beach, and took quite a long drive,
finally taking the child back to Mrs.
French's home on Haight street.
Mrs. French was seen last night, and
said Mrs. Eaton had called at the house
about 11 o'clock that morning to see the
child. She took the young one out saying
that she would bring it back before dinner, i
Mrs. French said that she did not thinK
Mrs. Eaton intended to keep the boy, and
could not account for Mr. Eaton's actions.
"He lias probably had some trouble
with his former wife," said Mrs. French,
"and seeing her on the street with the
child, grew angry and took it away. The
little fellow is here again, his father having
brought him back this afternoon just be
fore dinner.
The troubles of the Eatons were re
hearsed in the divorce courts not long ago
when Duncan B. Harrison, well-known
throughout the United States as play
wright, actor and manager, was named as
principal co-respondent. Eaton accused
his wile of many misdeeds, and claimed
that Harrison and Elliott Sanford wrecKed
his home.
Harrison threatened to. sue Eaton for
damages, but nothing ever came of the
matter. When the divorce suit was tried
before Judge Hebberd he granted the lady
a divorce.
Mrs. Eiiton has been threatening to take
the child from under the care of Mrs.
French, and Eaton claims it was for this
reason he took the boy away from her.
MEAT INSTEAD OF CATTLE.
Supreme Court Defines the Difference
Between the Quick and the Dead.
O. L. Smith of Mendocino County will
be given another chance to tell how he and
Andrew Spoerner carried home another
man's steer, for the Supreme Court has re
versed the order denying him a new trial.
He is now serving a four years' sentence in
the penitentiary for his offense, but he
will fare better when his case comes up
again.
The evidence showed that Spoerner killed
the steer without Smith's knowledge or
assistance, but that afterward, when he
told Smith, Smith helped him to cart it
home and salt it. Both men were charged
with grand larceny and Smith was con
victed.
In instructing the jury the lower court
laid down the rule that as Smith had as
sisted to carry away the beef, knowing it
had been illegally kflled by Spoerner, he
was guilty as an accomplice.
The Supreme Court defines grand lar
ceny as the taKing away of live cattle, the
taking of property from another's person,
or the taking of property valued at $60 or
over. To constitute grand larceny, says
the Supreme Court, the cattle stolen must
be alive, otherwise it is merely the stealing
of meat, which, unless it be of the value of
$50 or over, cannot be called grand larceny.
It was found that Smith was not concerned
in the actual killing of the b^ef, and he
could therefore not be held under the pro
vision which refers to cattle.
The decision practically reduces Smith's
crime to petit larceny.
BANKS SEEM SOLID.
The Bank Commissioners Have Still a
few Reports to Receive.
On the 14th inst. the time will expire
within which the State banks must send
in the reports called for by the Board of
Bank Commissioners. All but two of the
City banks have already complied with
the request, while out of the sixty-seven
savings banks in the State only sixteen
have not yet reported. In most instances
the banks have been prompt in respond
ing, and in every case the reports are in
dicative of a firm, buoyant condition in
the money market.
An Address to Young Men.
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. J. C.
Smith, pastor of Trinity Presbyterian Church,
will deliver the fifteenth address in the series
to young men, exclusively, in the Christian
Association building, Mason and Ellis streets.
Mr. Smith's subject will be "The Two Reforma
tions." Sea ts free, and all young men wel
come.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. lij an & Kyau, 10 Mongomery avenue, *
OUT FOR RARE CURIOS.
An Expedition From Stanford
University to Go to Far
Kamchatka.
Will Go on the Kotik in a Week.
Timothy Hopkins Has Furnished
the Money.
Stanford University hopes to profit by
another scientiiic expedition. A week
from to-day the schooner Kotik, of the
Russian Sealskin Company, of which C.
M. Grunwaldt is general manager, will sail
for Kamchatka.
She will have on board two students of
the Stanford University, who are going out
to collect scientiiic curios in that new and
strange land.
The young men will make a specialty
of zoology, and therefore will spend much
time in studying tha fishes, but they will
dip a little into geology and botany also, if
they run up against any which strikes
them as unusual.
For a good while Stanford has looked
longingly at the sailing of the Kotik and
other vessels of the sealskin fleet.
It was looked upon as a uood opportun
ity to make conquests in a far country.
The trouble was, however, that with all
the other expeditions and expenses gener
ally of the university she didn't have the
money.
At this juncture Timothy Hopkins came
forward and threw himself into the breach.
He guaranteed to pay all the expenses of
the two students during the time they may
be out, including the cost of the requisite
paraphernalia.
President Jordan at once made arrange
ments with C. M. Grunwaldt, the general
manager, and now all is serene. It is said
that a student named Williams, who has
been out on various fish-hunting expedi
tions, will probably be one of the students
who will ko to Kamchatka. Who the
other one vrill be is not known.
The studentß will be gone six months.
The expedition is expected to cost, all told,
so it is aaid, somewhere near $2000.
BIG UNITARIAN BALLY.
Pacific Coast Couference to Be Held at
Alamerta.
A conference of the Unitarian churches
of the Pacific Coast will be held at Ala
meda April 22, 23 and 24. Dr. Stebbins
will conduct the opening devotional
service and will give the closing address.
Rev. N. A. Haskell of San Jose will de
liver the conference sermon on Thursday
evening. The programme will consist
of: "Modern Unitarian Churches in
Small Towns," Mrs. S. P. Carr; "The Mis
sion of the Church in Social Ameliora
tion," Professor Ross of Stanford- "The
New Psychology," Rev. Solon Lauer;
"How to Hold the Young People in the
Church," Mrs. T. L. Eliot; "The New
Pilgrim's Progress," Miss Eva Carlin ;
"The Assured Results of the Higher Criti
cism," Rev. Earl M. Wilbur; "Church Life
and Organization," Rev. W. G. Eliot Jr.
On the closing evening Rev. C. W. Wendte,
Sheldon G. Keflogg Esq., Dr. Stebbins and
others will speak.
The Women's Conference will hold a
business session Thursday morning.
THE WILMERDING SCHOOL.
Strong Efforts to Induce the Regents to
Place It Here.
Alfred Bouvier, Hugo D. Keil. Joseph
Leggett, James D. Phelan and J. Richard
Freud, of the committee organized to se- i
cure the location in this City of the Wil
nierding School of Industrial Arts, held a
private meeting yesterday afternoon at
the rooms of the Merchants' Association.
Mr. Bouvier, who presided at the meet
ing, said that arrangements had been
made for a number of meetings to be held
next week and during the week following,
at which reasons would be given why the
Wilmerding School shoula be located
bere. He was sure the project would be
crowned with success. The regents of the
university at their last meeting had laid
the matter on the table for a month, and
since the meeting a number of the regents
had been interviewed on the subject by
members of the committee. While un
willing to commit himself, Mr. Bouyier
expressed his individual conviction that
the school would ultimately be established
in this City.
BADLY BROKEN UP.
A Salt Dealer Falls Down Hit Own
Elevator Shaft.
William Bryan, an Englishman 40 Tears
of age, is a very much bruised and broken
up man. He is a dealer in salt at 209 Sac
ramento street, and lives at 22 Hampton
place.
Last evening, in the darkness after 6
o clock, he was roaming about the third
story of his place of business and fell down
the freight elevator shaft. The employes
of a printing establishment next door
heard the man's groans and went to his
rescue. They found him wedged in the
elevator machinery and unconscious.
At the Receiving Hospital Dr. Weill
found that Bryan was suffering from a
broken right wrist, a fracture of both
limbs and a severe concussion if not a pos
itive fracture of the spine.
The Building Fund.
During the present week $1300 have been
added to the fund for the Young Men's Chris
tian Association building indebtedness. This
brings the total sum up to $89,250 to date, and
the directors are anxious to secure the' bal
ance at as early date as possible; to this end
they are putting forth strenuous efforts, a
large number of business men e.:e becoming
interested as they see the success of the enter
prise assured. The amount is so near th«
$100,000 mark that there is but little question
that the balance will be made up very soon
loung men desiring to join the association
during the present month, and who will take
advantage of the special club rates offered to
join in clubs of five, may have the rive mem
bership tickets issued for $40.
NEW TO-DAY. :
The proof of
the pudding is in
the eating; and
the proof of the
shirt is in the
washing.
Ask your laun-
dryman what
brand proves best. :
Compare
STANDARD
SHIRTS
With others : after i^>*v^
they come frbmV^^PNfci.
the laundry — I'M "R I
that's where qual- l }£'\\ ''
ity talks. :; Look ; W«jnlJ
for r this ~ Trade ™
Mark