VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 57.
GROUNDING OF
THE ST. PAUL
How the Big American
Liner Went Ashore on
Brighton Beach.
WAS TEE SHIP RACING ?
Had Been in Sight of the Rival
Campania for Many
Hours.
ALL THE PASSENGERS RESCUED.
Efforts to Get the Steamer Safely Back
in Deep Water Made Without
Success.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— The
American line steamship St. Paul, from
Southampton for New York, which wont
ashore on the outer bar off the Hotel
Brighton. Long Island, this morning, was
just finishing a 3500 miles' tussle with that
other ocean greyhound, the Campania, of
the Cunard line.
Both boats, it appears from the stories of
passengers, had been traveling at top
Ejiecd for seventeen hour- in sight of each
other, and though it is declared that
neither was racing, each seemed ;:nxious
to get to Sandy Hook first. This fact is
acknowledged by Captain Walker of the
Campania. Both vessels ran into a fog
bank unexpectedly and then slowed down.
After that the vessels were within sight of
each other two or three times.
At a few minutes after 1 o'clock the St.
Paul drove her bow into the sand less than
a half-mile from the iron pier used by ex
cursion steamboats during the summer
season. She is still aground to-night hard
and fast and may remain on the beach for
several days. An effort was made to re
lease her at high water this afternoon, but
it was not a success. The vessel has 63
saloon, 75 second cabin and 120 steerage
passengers.
The first and second class passengers of
the St. Paul were landed in the city at a
few minutes before 7 o'clock this evening
on the fcteamboat George W. Starr, to
which they had been transferred from the
stranded steamship in lifeboats. The trans
fer was made without mishap and the pas
sengers all seemed in good spirits. There
wer* about 100 people waiting for them at
ier. At 10 minutes pa*t 6 o'clock
this evening the tug Lewis Pulver arrived
at the pier with the mail. There were 200
yacks and they were at once conveyed to
the Postoflice.
Ex-Congressman Bourke Cockran was
one of the first passengers to come ashore
irom the steamer. A reporter from The
United Press asked him if he thought the
steamships weTe racing while in sight of
each other yesterday, and he replied:
"No, I don't think: there was a race.
TransAtlantic steamers usually mate as
good time as possible, I was in bed when
the steamship grounded, but awoke. The
accident disturbed us very little."
Under Sheriff Louis Worth of Brooklyn
and his bride were among th» last to land
from the steamer. Asked what he knew
of the accident, Mr. Worth said:
"Well. I suppose we were racing with
the Campania. On Friday morning we
siehted her about twelve miies astern.
She came up very fast, and at 4 o'clock
was half a mile from us. Then the race
started. We could feel the increased speed,
and at 6 o'clock we were two miies ahead.
Then we ran into a fog, and although some
of the passengers thought they saw the
Campania just astern, I did not see her. I
went to bed, and did not awaken until
about 2 o'clock when I found the ma
chinery stopped and the ship aground.
"There was no perceptible shock. It
was rather monotonous waiting to be
taken off, but it might Have been worse.
Now, I do not wish to be quoted as saying
that she ran aground while racing. I
believe that the excitement of the race put
the officers off their guard and when they
ran into the fog they did not know where
they were."
H. <". Morton of this city, said that the
trip was one without particular incident
until the Campania was sighted.
•It seems to me," he said, "that the
boats were racing, as they were going at a
very rapid rate of speed, but it is probable
that the speed was no greater than is usual
on ocean voyages."
John Seyreberg, of London, who was also
a passenger, said :
"I believe the boats were racing. They
were side by side for several hours."
He added that he saw no pilot aboard
the St. Paul at the time of the accident.
H. P. Howiand, a London capitalist,
said :
"The boats were racing for several
hours. It was rumored on the St. Paul
that the Campania also went ashore five
miles below where the St. Paul struck and
that she came off all right soon after
ward."
Henry P. Bidwell of Liverpool, another
of the St. Paul's passengers, thought the
racing had nothing to do with the acci
dent. The ships only raced, he thought,
during the daylight.
Vi.e-President Wright and Manager
Griscom of the American line were at the
pier office during the morning, and were
in telephonic communication with Long
Branch. The wires were in a very un
satisfactoiy condition, but word came
from Captain Jamison that the vessel was
lying easy. Ah of the Merritt & Chapman
wrecking vessels started early to the as
sistance of the St. Paul, and later the tugs
-lillard. Evans and Pulver were sent
flown by the company in the charge of
-Marine Superintendent Shackford, who
took with him a gang of stevedores.
Ihe hfe-saving crew of Station 3 at 1:45
o dock began the work of transferring the
passengers from the vessel to the tugs.
J. ,V.™ WaS a u extr emely difficult one,
as there was a heavy sea running and it
attended with considerable dan K er to
the passengers unaccustomed to positions
surety of foot and coolness were
necessary.
Especially waa this true as regards the
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 26, 1896-TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
women. All were taken off safely, how
ever, and transferred to the steamboat
George Starr and the tugs Barrett and
Evarts, which brought tnem up to the
steamship company's dock.
Captain Merritt of the wrecking com
pany arrived at Long Branch at 1 o'clock.
After looking the situation over very care
fully he said he expected to have a hard
time in getting the vessel safely off and
into deep water. The flood tide at 1 o'clock
slowly worked the vessel nearer to the
shore and she finally lined up broadside
to *«*e beach.
"xVyt St. Paul bad on board $1,300,000 in
cold. She is commanded by Captain
Jamison. This is her iirst return trip
since the recent accident which occurred
In her engine-room at her dock here,
whereby ten men were either instantly
killed or badly injured.
The St. Paul has been the victim of
several minor accidents. Even before she
got into the water she had one. When the
launching should have taken place the
great ship stuck on the ways, and stayed
there for a week or so.
Only a week before last Christmas an
accident occurred which resulted in the
death of several of her crew and delayed
her trip across the Atlantic for several
days.
It was on Wednesday, December 18,
early in the morning, when the main
steampipe supplying one of the engines
burst i:i two places, and, filling the engine
room with steam, scalded to death six of
the ruen and badly injured four others.
Three of the latter have since died.
When the Cunard line steamship Cam
pania arrived at her dock in the North
River to-day Vernon H. Brown, agent ol
the line, went to the purser and got the
log, from which he read: "Sighted the St.
Paul at 8 p. m. last night, Friday, and
passed her."
He denied that there was a race between
the Campania ana the St. Paul. Captain
Walker of the Campania, however, ad
mitted there was a race and said:
"We sighted the St. Paul about fifteen
miles off our starboard bow about. 8 o'clock
Friday morning. Tne wind was comintr
out of the northwest and there was a good
big sea on. The Campania brushed up a
bit and at 8:30 o'clock last night (Friday)
was abeam of the American line vessel,
about half a mile to port. Shortly after
that a heavy fog set in and we iost signt of
the lights of the St. Paul. About la. m.
Saturday we stopped.
"We Kept our foghorn blowing and we
eot out our sounding lead. At 5 o'clock
we were getting into shallow water, our
line measuring at that time only ton
fathoms. Then I turned around and at
5:25 o'clock this morning we anchored.
We were still in ten fathoms of water and
could see nothing. At 8:30 o'clock this
morning the fog began to lift and at 9
o'clock we weighed anchor. I should say
that we were about two miles from shore
when we anchored. The St. Paul was to
westward of us, being aground, I should
judge, less than half a mile from the
shore."
Captain Walker said he was afraid the
St. Panl was aground very hard and that
he deplored the rcistap greatly.
The statements of some of the passen
gers on the Campania do not exactly agree
with that of the vessel's commander.
Mr. Milbank, a saloon passenger on the
Campania, said in describing the race:
"We sighted the St. Paul at 8 o'clock yes
terday morning. The vessels were perhaps
fifteen miles apart. We only saw the St.
Paul's smoke at first. The vessels were
moving toward each other, the Campania
to the port of the St. Paul.
"At 2 o'clock in the afternoon, or there
abouts, the ships were abeam. The star
board rail of the Campania was lined with
passengers and officers. Every one was
intensely excited. All of us had stopped
playing cards and chatting and were out
on deck with our heavy wrapson watching
the black smoke pouring out of the Yan
kee's funnels. She was going along as if
there was a devil inside of her.
"Those of us who had glasses saw group?
of officers emerge from below now and
then, watching the Campania for fifteen
minutes, and then disappear. The eky
was black from the smoke of both vessels.
At half-past 4 o'clock the Campania had
not eained any on the St. Paul, and her
officers could not understand it. Then a
heavy fog shut down and we lost the
American ship.
"At 5:30 o'clock the fog banks lifted very
suddenly and the passengers rushed to the
etarboard rail again. The St. Paul was
not in sight, but had evidently crossed our
bows and was kicking up a great sea about
half a mile away on our port side. How
she got there the Lord only knows, but
the Campania could not get away from
her. An hour afterward we lost
sight of the St. Paul again and at
8 o'clock in the evening she reappeared
again on our starboard side, but still
abeam. We lost her again shortly after
that and we did not see her again until
this morning after 9 o'clock. She was
then two miles to the west of us and
aground."
Then Mr. Milbank read this statement:
"Some of the Campania officers said that
they thought that while the St. Paul was
maneuvering for a chance to beat the
Campania in with the mails she ran
aground."
"As a matter of fact," continued Mr.
Milbank, "it was as pretty a race as ever
occurred on the Atlantic and the St. Paul
covered herself with glory."
James A. Wright, the vice-president of
the company, said there was no anxiety
felt for the safety of the vessel. She was
lying easy on a soft bottom,
HAI» A I'JLOT ABOARD.
Captain Jamison Says He la Adt to
Blame for the Grounding.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.-The rep
resentative of the American line who went
down to the vessel believes it will be sev
eral days before the St. Paul can be floated.
The report that the Campania had also
grounded but subsequently floated was
emphatically denied by hoth the agent of
the Cnnard line and Captain Walker of
the vessel. The latter said to a United
Press reporter:
"You may say for me that the Cam
pania was never in less than ten fathoms
of water during her entire trip. About 1
o'clock this morning I knew by the sound
ings which had been taken that I was in
about ten fathoms of water. I knew also
that we were near shore, and these points,
together with the fact that it was ex
tremely thick, was good reason for laying
to, which I did. Our engines were stopped
because we wanted to take no risks."
The Campania lay to, according to the
captain's story, until 5:45 a. m., when she
Continued on Second Page.
THE SULTAN -"GET OUT OF MY BACK YARD, JOHNNY."
DID NOT ACT
WITH VIOLENCE
News of Arrested Americans
From Consular Agent
Manyon.
HAMMOND'S INVITATION.
Asked Jameson to Proceed to Jo
hannesburg in the Event of
Extreme Peril.
THAT IS WHY HE IS YET HELD.
Instead of Inciting Rebellion, the Ac
cused Engineer Urged Peaceful
Measures.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— A long
cable dispatch has been received by Secre
tary Olney from Mr. Manyon, the United
States Consular Agent at Johannesburg,
who gives the details of the situation with
reference to John Hays Hammond, the
California mining engineer, and the other
Americans arrested for alleged complicity
in the Uitlanaer conspiracy.
Mr. Manyon says that all the American
prisoners are out on parole except Ham
mond, whose case differs from that of the
other Americans in that he signed a con
ditional invitation to Jameson to come to
Johannesburg in the event of extreme
peril. Jameson, however, marched toward
Johannesburg before trouble arose, and
when this was discovered the American
leaders and other principal men issued a
proclamation calling on the people to re
frain from bostilitios.
Instead of inciting rebellion, Hammond
at the beginning, according to Mr. Man
yon, raised the Transvaal flag and all in
the movement swore allegiance to the
Government. Clement and other Ameri
cans took arms from many persons and
sent men home. Not a shot was fired by
the Johannesburg party, says Mr. Man
yon. There was no disturbance, not a
single act of hostility, arms were peace
fully surrendered, and every effort was
made to maintain the Transvaal republic
as against British encroachment.
The cases against the American prison
ers will be tried in court, though the Gov
ernment has not yet indicated the time,
Mr. Manyon adds that the Transvaal Gov
ernment has acted magnanimously.
Secretary Olney acted promptly on Mr.
Manyon's dispatch by cabling the latter to
take the most active and vigorous meas
ures for the relief of the Americans, and
to that end to make the Transvaal Govern
i HE BIG AMERICAN LINER ST. PAUL, ASHORE NEAR LONG BRANCH.
ment direct representations in behalf of
the United States.
It will be jsen from Mr. Manyon's dis
patch thst Hammond and the other
Americans who were arrested ere not in
eerious peril. Notwithstanding this, how
ever, Secretary Olney determined to make
their safety a surety so far as this Govern
ment is concerned, and therefore cabled
Mr. Manyon the instructions given. In
pursuing this course, the United States
Government is acting independently in its
own interest and in behalf of its own
citizens, and not as the sympathizer or
ally of any other power.
Mr. Manyon's dispatch conveyed to this
Government the first authentic informa
tion of the participation of Hammond in
the Johannesburg troubles. As Mr. Man
yon says, he is held in custody after other
Americans have been released because he
signed an invitation to Jameson to come to
Johannesburg, conditional upon extreme
peril threatening the Uitlanderu there.
This fact, despite the extenuation fur
nished through his action in raising the
Transvaal flag, coupled with his personal
ard business relations with Cecil Rhodes,
is believed here to bode no good for Ham
mond's cause, and it is certain that the
Boers are anxious to puuish him severely.
Hammond's strongest ho£p lies in the
act of President Srucger In turning over
Jameson and members of his party to the
British imperial authorities for trial.
Secretary Olney will, in all propability,
take advantage of this and protest against
Hammond's trial in the Transvaal courts
on the ground of unjust discrimination in
favor of British subjects. Mr. Olney is
taking a great interest in the case of Ham
mond and has had several consultations
concerning it with both the California
Senators and other prominent men.
MAKALLE IS EVACUATED.
Italian Forces Withdrawn From
the Garrison by Consent of
the Besiegers.
Abyssinians Said to Be Anxious for
Peace, Which Will Be Diffi.
cult to Conclude,
ROME, Italy, Jan. 25.— General Barra
tieri, commander-in-chief of the Italian
forces in Abyssinia, has informed the Gov
ernment that on Thursday the Italian gar
rison at Makalle, commanded by Colonel
Galliano, evacuated that place, taking with
it all the arms, ammunition, equiDments
and other contents of the fortress.
It is reported that General Barratieri
says that the evacuation of the fortress by
the beleaguered garrison was accomplished
by permission of Ras Makonnen, the com
mander of the Abyssinian forces, which
were besieging Makalle, who desired not
only to pay tribute to the heroism of Colonel
Galliano and his command, but also to ob
tain peace.
It is further reported that King Menelik
has ordered that the Italian prisoners in
the hands of the Abyssinians be delivered
up to the Italians at Ambalaei.
It is believed, however, that it will be
difficult to conclude peace, as Italy will
not consent to abandon the State of Tigre,
CHAMBERLAIN IN
PEACEFUL MOOD.
Says Nice Things to Show
His Regard for This
Country.
THE DISPUTE TRIVIAL.
Great Britain Has No Desire for
Additional Territory in
America.
BLOOD THICKER THAN WATER.
•■
Would Be Glad to See the Two Nations
Join in Checking Turkish
Tyranny.
LONDON, Eno., Jan. 25.— The Right
Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, delivered a speech
at Birmingham this evening. He con
gratulated the country upon having at the
head of its affairs Lord Salisbury, whose
judgmen*and resolution had placed him
the very first among European statesmen.
Referring to the Guiana boundary dis
pute Mr. Chamberlain said it had been
trivial until it was suddenly elevated to
grave importance by the intervention of
the United States. There seemed to be
some misapprehension on both sides.
The opinion seemed to have prevailed in
England that American statesmen wished
to pick a quarrel, while the Americans
seemed to have thought that the British
were disposed to impugn the Monroe
doctrine, which they rightly held to be
most important to their security. They
also seemed to have thought that the
British were disposed to deal in a harsh
and arbitrary manner with a smaller state.
He believed the American people and all
that is best in the United States would
regard with horror a needless war with
their own blood and kindred. He also
believed that President Cleveland, whose
acquaintance he had the honor of making
while he was in America, and who had a
high reputation for straightforward hon
orable dealing, would never drive the two
kindred nations to strife.
On the other hand the Americans could
he assured from the utterances of Lord
Salisbury and Arthur Balfour, the First
Lord of the Treasury, that Great Britain
bad no desire for a single incn of Ameri
can territory beyond what she already
rightfully possessed. All that was neces
sary to settle the trouble was more time
and fuller knowledge.
Meanwhile he would re-echo and re-
ciprocate from the bottom of his heart
Wolcott's noble words, "Blood is thicker
than water." [Loud cheers.] That would
always be the sentiment of every Briton.
The two nations were more closely allied
in sentiment and interest than any other,
and while the British looked with horror
at anything approaching fraternal strife,
they looked with pleasure upon the possi
bility of the stars and stripes and the
union jack floating together in defense of
a common cause sanctioned by community
of sentiment.
He added that while the Continental
nations regarded the sufferings of the Ar
menians with comparative indifference,
the United Kingdom and the United States
felt the deepest sympathy and indignation.
Mr. Ctiamberlain paid a tribute to the
excellence of the American missions and
declared that The Americans were also in
terested in the sufferings of humanity for
humanity's sake and not for any terri
torial ambition. Mr. Chamberlain con
cluded by saying:
"Would it were possible that instead of
wasting breath in a petty South American
boundary dispute we could count on the
powerful support of the United States in
enforcing the representations which here
tofore we have fruitlessly made in be
half of those who are suffering by Turk
ish tyranny and Turkish fanaticism."
[Cheers.]
He concluded by declaring that the con
dition of Armenia was a danger and dis
grace to Europe, but he did not believe
that the resources of civilization had been
entirely exhausted.
Upon the conclusion of his address Mr.
Chamberlain was greeted witn prolonged
cheers.
TO AVOID DISPUTES.
Warning Front. Cleveland to the Venezu-
elan People.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Caracas,
Venezuela, says:
General Joseph Uzelar, a member of the
committee appointed to thank President
Cleveland for his expression upon
the Venezuelan question, says in
a dispatch to the Government that
the President of the United
States has asked him to warn the Presi
dent of Venezuela and the citizens of the
re public to avoid all internal disputes
which might Jead to a revolution pending
the settlement of the existing boundary
question.
President Crespo occupies his time at
Macuto in preparing his message to Con
gress, which convenes on February 20.
GERMANY TAKES A. HAND.
Warahipa Sent to Venezuela to .Enforce
Jtiiilroad Claim*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— A special
dispatch to the Sun from Havana says:
The destination of the two German men
of-war, the Suabia and the Sorch, which
arrived here on the 22d, is now definitely
known to be Puerto Cabello, Venezuela,
whither they go to enforce the German
railroad claims. It is hinted that the ma
rines will land and occupy territory if
necessary, which will add Germany to the
complications now existing between the
United States and Great Britain.
A BEAU-HSU COLLISION.
Two Engine* Drmnliihed and Several
Fastengers Injured.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Jan. 25.— A head
end collision occurred about 3 o'clock
this morning between a passenger and a
freight train on the Bald Knob branch of
the Iron Mountain about half a mile from
Fair Oaks. Both engines were demolished
and considerable damage done the trains.
Several passengers were injured. Their
names are: S. Gratz, New York; F. E.
Marx, New York; M. A. Goodsmith, Cin
cinnati; Ailen Baker, St. Louis; L, New
berger, Cincinnati.
DODGING AN IRATE WIFE.
C. G. Sweet, a Chicago Drummer,
Wanted on a Charge
of Bigamy.
He Is Also a Swindler and Forger
Who Has Operated in Many
Cities.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— Mrs. C. G.
Sweet of this city, a guest at the Hotel Lu
zerne, applied to the police to-night for
the arrest of her husband on a charge of
bigamy. Sweet is a traveling man em
ployed by D. A. Stuart, a dealer in oils,
and his wife now charges that ofttimes,
when she believed her husband out of
town, he was living with another woman
within a few blocks of her hotel.
Mrs. Sweet made the statement to-night
that her husband Is wanted in several cit
ies on charges of forgery and swindling —
that she has kept his secrets, but cannot
stand his last misdoing.
According to the wife's statement Sweet
is wanted in Topeka, Kans., for swindling
a man named Frank J. Weare out of $700.
At a place which she believes is Colorado
Springs he is wanted for swindling
Deverenx Bros., bankers. She says that
he also cheated H. B. Warsen & Co.
and the New York State Dry-goods Store
in Indianapolis out of $480 worth of goods
on false representations, and that in
Beatrice, Nebr., he is wanted by a railroad
for an $800 crooked transaction.
Sweet had not been arrested at mid
night.
WILL GO TO THE JBAJNQUBT.
Statesmen Accept the Invitation of the
Merchant*' Association.
BALTIMORE, Me, Jan. 25.— Vice-Pres
ident Stevenson and a number of United
States Senators and Representatives have
accepted invitations to the annual banquet
of the Merchants' and Mauufacturers' As
sociation, which will be held January 30 at
the Hotel Rennert. Among tnose who
have promised to respond to toasts are
Senator Burrows of Michigan, who will
speak on "The Monroe Doctrine"; Repre
sentative DolJiver, who wili speak on
"Statesmen and Patriotism"; Representa
tive Towne, whose subject will be "The
Settlement of International Disputes by
Arbitration," and Reprtsentative Brosius,
who will speak on "The Paying of Debts."
Conspiracy in Ecuador.
NEvV YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— A Herald
cable from Guayaquil says: Conspiracies
ag:iinst the life of President Alfaro are the
order of the day. Another plot was un
earthed yesterday iv Rocafuerte Manabi.
The conspirators— Colonel Ruperto Albu ja,
Isaac Rodriguez and A. Grivalja— were ar
rested and placed in jail to await trial.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
REBEL LEADERS
BADLY WOUNDED.
Gomez and Castillo Are
Reported to Be Badly
Injured.
BATTLE NEAR BATABANO
Spaniards Claim to Have Routed
the Insurgents in Pinar
del Rio.
SEVERAL SMALL ENGAGEMENTS
General Weyler Departs for Havana
to Take Charge of the Spanish
Forces.
HAVANA, Coba, Jan. 2.5.— C010nel Ca*
vis, commanding a column of the Spanish
forces in Cuba, reports that yesterday he
had an encounter between San Felipe, in
the Havana province, and Batebapo, in
the province of Pinar del Rio, the latter
place being thirty-five miles southwest of
Havana. In the engagement live of the
rebels were killed and two were made
prisoners. The captives say that the rebel
commander-in-chief, Maximo Gomez, has
been wounded in the light at Lajas, near
Quivican, on January 18. Colonel Galvig
also reports that the rebel leader Castillo
was wounded, both with a machete and
a rifle ball, in yesterday's fi«ht.
Notwithstanding the reports that peace)
is prevailing in the province of Santiago,
it is known that there are sufficient rebels
left in the province to give the troops a
brush when they feel so inclined. A re*
port reaches here from Matanzas to the
effect that the rebels have destroyed the
pumping station of the water works which}
supply that city. The only building left
standing was the guardhouse. They have
also damaged the railroads and telegraph;
lines in the province of Matar.zas.
Several columns of troops are in pursuit
of them.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
Spanish Minister received the following
cablegram to-day:
HAVANA, Jan. 25.— Colonel Cavis,
knowing yesterday that Maximo Gomea
was crossing the line, between Pozo Re
dondo and San Felipe, marched to Punta
Brava to cat his advance. He descried the
main body of Gomez's forces, directed
against them a heavy artillery fire and at
tacking them he succeeded in placing
himself in the middle of the enemy's
forces in the Potrero San Rafael. From
this place he obliged the enemy to retreat
towards Quivican, following and causing
them many losses.
The Spanish mounted guerillas had an
eneagement at close quarters and witn
their machetes killed five rebels and cap
tured arms, saddles, horses and two pris
oners, who have acknowledged that the
insurgents are badly armed and short of
ammunition, and that Maximo Gomez 19
wounded, having had one of his legs
traversed with a bullet in the encounters
at Lajas on the 18th with the column of
Colonel Cavis. Antonio Castillo, chief of
1000 men of the main bo dy of Gomez, has.
been cut from his command and wanders
about with only twenty men, as it has been
said by the same prisoners who were in
his command.
GEyjERAJj WEILKR DEPARTS.
ITith One Thousand Troops Me Embarko
for Cuba.
BARCELONA, Spain, Jan. 25.— General
WeyJer, the newly appointed Captain«
NEW TO-DAY.
Disfiguring
jp:4i|HUMOU'RS.
Cuticura Soap purifies and beautifies
the skin, scalp, and hair by restoring to !
healthy activity the Clogged, Inflamed,!
Irritated, Sluggish, or Overworked.
Pores.
Sold throughout the world. British depot) T. Nit.
Szkt * ROM, I, King Edward-it., Ixmdon. I'mix*
Dxua * Cum. Co>r., Sole rxops., Boston, U. S. A.
— -*
f rwi CTDHIIf f .
&co'§
COPPER RIVETED
~ AND
SPRING BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!!.
. fOR SALE EVERYWHERE.2
General of Cuba, sailed from this port to
day for Havana, together with a cavalry
force of 1000.
A large crowd witnessed the embarka
tion of the general and the troops. They
were enthusiastically cheered.
VICTORIES F O li IXB VR G EX TS.
Several Engagements in Which the
Spanish. Met Defeat.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Cuba, Jan. 18
(via Key West, Fla., Jan. 25). 1n the en
gagement that took place on the lltti inst.
on the sugar estate Las Chilvas, near San
Luis, between a Spanish column 800 in
number under Colonel Sandoval and 400
rebels under Colonels Sanchez and Deme
trio Castillo, the Spaniards had nine killed
and pity-four wounded.
. The rebel loss was three killed and
eleven wounded. The rebels captured
fifty-eight mules laden with ammunition
andprovisions. On the 16th inst. General
Pando left this city on board the steamer
B. Estenger with 400 soldiers. He re
turned the same evening from Aserradero,
where twenty-one soldiers were wounded
by the rebels, who fired at the steamer
from the sea beach while she was trying to
land troops.
On tue 17th mst. fifty soldier.* of the Bat
talion Luchaua leit San Jose, Guantauamo,
to protect the men rriiiding cane on the
sugar estate ;it Soledad. They were sud
denly attacked w;sh machetes by a rebel
party of 10y men under Captain Wilson of
Periquito Perez's forces.
Aiter a severe tight the Spaniards ran
away in preat confusion, leaving ten killed
and twenty-four wounded. The insurgents
■ killed and six wounded.
"o are so many soldiers sick in
Guantanarao that the hospital is crowded
and they have brought some here.
of Generaf Pando's
I ara and Holguin have been the
imprisonment of several prominent per
sons. In Holguin they arrested the whole
family of Jose Ramon Manduley, cotu
posed iher, mother, four daugh
ters and three sons, who have all been
exiled from the country, as well as Dr.
v.in Zuyas, Felix Hernandez and
others.
On the 11th i:..<t. 000 insurgents under
Kabi a::d Lora had an engagement with a
Spanish column 1500 strong, under Gen
eral Gasco at Cacao. Twenty Spaniards
killed and ninety-four injured. Nine
Spaniards deserted and joined the rebels.
The insnrg< nts had five killed and sixteen
wonnded. They captured fifteen Mausers,
thirty Remington rilles and (5000 rounds of
ammunition.
< : SORSHII' OF CABLES.
Xo P -ftrenc- in Military Bfni nwwfl I'er-
uiitttd to Pass.
HAVANA, Clba, Jan. 25.— The censor
ship of foreien cables is far more strict
than ever before. The new censor's orders
are to allow nothing to go creditable to the
insurgents or di.-creditable to the Spanish
troops, nor any reference to military move
ments-.
Matter permitted to pass by his prede
cessor is stopped. No reference to the
gravity of the situation is allowed. News
published i:i Havana papers is not per
mitted to be sent abroad.
The Cubans disbelieve the report that
Gome/: was shot through the leg last Fri
day, and say he has beer, in the Saddle
daily since. The only information comes
from prisoners' statements.
Some portion of Gomez's people yester
day attempted to crns 3 the railroad be
tween Havana and Batabano, which is
now a military trocha. There are heuvily
fortiliec funs at all stations and ironclad
cars at other points. I lie line was recentiv
strcii^tUene-1 for the purpose of keeping
Maceo in the vest and Gomez in the east.
The situation in tinar del Rio Province
is grave. Nearly all the towns have been
invaded an J few troops are in the prov
ince. The capital is practically surrounded
and food is scarre. Convoys have been
captured and the escort driven back to the
city. Forts and barricades are being
erected for defense in case of an attack.
The*esiueiits of tne interior are fleeing
to the coast. The exodus of Cubans from
Havana continues, largely due to fear of
extreme measures upon the arrival of
Weyler.
•icueral Pando has uot taken charge of
general tield operations, but has pone di
rect by steamer to Santiago to resume
command of the eastern district.
The rebels' eastern columns have not
reached Gomez, but are expected daily.'
There is some talk of a battle after re
union, but it is doubted. The work of
constructing a circle of blockhouses in the
rear of Havana is being pushed, thoueh no
attack is expected. is the only es
tate grinding sugar in the entire island.
GROUNDING OF
THE ST. PAUL,
I ' ji-ij m First Page.
let fro her anchor and lay anchored until
9 o'clock, when she started on her way
home. During t!ie time that she lay at
anchor Captain Walker says he saw sig
nals and rockets, but did not know that
they were being sent because of the St.
Paul's having gone ashore. On their way
up the stranded vessel was plainly in view
and the cause of the signaling became
evident to the officers of the Cunarder.
Captain Jamison wa9 interviewed this
evening and asked if he thought the ship
had run aground through any negligence
on the part of her officers or the pilot. He
absolutely refused to make any reply to
this question, but stated that he was on
the bridge at the time the steamer struck,
aud that the ship was in charge of a pilot,'
consequently the accident could not be
laid at his door.
"The steamship," he said, "was going at
the rate of about three knots an hour, and
during the greater part of the night sound
ings were made. Just before she struck
the leal gave a sounding of seventeen
fathoms."
The captain also stated that he had
made a thorough investigation of the ves
sel's compartments and could find abso
lutely no trace of a leak.
Clement A. Griscom Jr. of the Ameri
can line declares that there was a race. •
A herculean attempt to get the big
ship off is to be made at high tide to
morrow morning at 3:30 o'clock. Every
available tug will be usea, and if the liner
is not pulled out of her sandy bed at that
time, then, the knowing ones say, there is
little hope for her.
1 ull Inland Halts.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25. -The board
of managers of the Joint Traffic Associ
ation has decided that full inland rates
must be exacted by the railroads for car
rying import business the same as for car
rying business originating in this country.
The steamship lines may bill consign
ments through, but any cms in rates must
be deducted from their share of the charges.
The regulations of the Interstate Com
merce Commission make no distinction
bttwesn import and domestic business.
IN KENTUCKY'S
LEGISLATURE.
Struggling to Repeal «he
Southern Pacific's
Charter.
FIGHTING FOR REFORM.
Lawmakers Will Attempt to
Undo Harm Done at Pre
vious Sessions.
POWER OF DEMOCRATS GONE.
Senator Goebel, However, Is Deter
mined to Champion the Inter
ests of the People.
FRANKFORT, Kv., Jan. 25.— The State
low of Kentucky gives the Legislature
power to repeal all charters that are not
specially described as perpetual. Hence
the charter of the Southern Pacific Com
pany may be repealed, as it was not made
perpetual. It is the general impression
here that it will be repealed when a vote is
taken. Senator Goebel's bill is as follows:
"Senate bill No. 77. — An act to repeal an
act entitled 'An act to incorporate the
Southern Pacific Company,' approved
March 17, I^S4, and the amendments
thereto, entitled 'An act to amend an act
to incorporate the Southern Pacific Com
pany,' approved March 17, 1884, which
amendatory act v.as approved March 21,
LBBB. Be it enacted.by the General Assem
bly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky:
"That an act^ntitled 'An act to incor
porate the Southern Pacific Company,'ap
proved March 17, 1884, and the amend
ment thereto, entitled 'An ace to amend
an act to incorporate the Southern Pacific
Company, approved March 17, ISS4, which
amendatory act was approved March 21,
1833, be and the same are hereby repealed."
Senator Goebel's bill has not yet reached
the committee to which it was referred.
The bill has not been discussed by any of
the Senators so far as known, and it is be
lieved it will be some time before it will
be reported.
The Legislature of Kentucky for the ses
sion of 1883-84 was peculiarly suited to the
purposes of those who wanted any es
pecial privileges, and they were not at all j
modest in doing whatever they were asked;
provided the "argument" was strong
enough. It was the year of a memorable
contest over the election of a United
States Senator, and charges of bribery
were so openly made that the Legislature :
appointed an investigating committee, !
which was, however, a farce. A few good >'
men did all in their power to stem the i
tide of corruption, but were practically
powerless.
Many bills conferring extraordinary and
unheard-of privileges were passed, on the
principle of "I tictle you and you tickle
me," or for a more evident consideration.;
The session began January 15 and ended |
April 15, 1884, and during that time there <
were passed 1632 public acts (so called,
many of them), 74 resolutions and ?!>!»
local and private acts. Among this latter \
number was the act to incorporate the i
Southern Pacific Company. The bill was
introduced and looked after in the House '
by a well-known member from the city of
Louisville who from experience in such
matters in former legislatures was well I
fitted for the work. The situation was
carefully watched, and when the oppor
tunity came the bill was railroaded
through, and with the approval of a Gov- I
ernor not given to scrutinizing such things
too closely it became a law, as many other
bills of like character at that session, with
out one-third of the raembers being aware !
of its real force and character.
The work of this Legislature more than
any other called public attention to the
abuses of the "private act" provision in
the old constitution and gave a new aud !
vigorous impetus to the demands for a \
new constitution. It saddled many out
rageous charters and acts on the people of
Kentucky for the benefit of individuals
and private corporations, and in obedience
to the almost unanimous popular voice i
the new constitution provided for undoing I
the harm, and the work has been steadily
going on since its adoption.
The private act abuße began directly
after the war and increased year by year
till 1884, when, in obedience to public out
cry, it began to decline. The Legislature I
of 1894 passed 114 public acts and no pri- |
vate ones at all. The disposition of the
people of Kentucky is to wipe out entirely
the nefarious work of past corrupt legisla
tion, and much will be done in this way
by this present Legislature.
For the first time since the war the
Democrats have lost their power. The
Republicans practically tie them and have
the Governor, and they will do all they
can to repeal the many obnoxious acts of
their opponents, who held the power so
many years.
Tuough Senator Goebel ia a stanch Dem
ocrat and on party questions ia always
with his party, on non-partisan questions
be is always to be found on the side of the
best interests of the people.
In ISB6, when their own members failed j
them, he championed the cause of the citi
zens of Louisville in their light against the '
gamblers' ring and succeeded in making I
gambling a felony. Later he took active j
interest in other measures looking to re- \
form the administrative and other abuses
in that city, and with success. He was
foremost in aiding them in their great
fight in 1890-91 against the fifty-year ex
tension of the gas company's charter.
He is able, earnest and honest, and other
things not considered, will be able to
carry the best part of the Legislature with
him in his efforts to repeal the charter of
the Southern Pacific Company, but as is
well known this company operates several
lines in Kentucky and it, as well as the
Louisville and Nashville, maintains an
aggressive lobby at Frankfort during every
session of the Legislature, no effort will
be spared to defeat Goebel's bill. Just
what effect the Senatorial contest will
have on this it. is hard to say, but it is not |
generally regarded as having any bearing ;
at all.
DEMOCRATS Of MISSOURI.
Delegate* to the Convention to lie Pledged
for free Silver.
EXCELSIOR SPRINGS, Mo., Jan. 25.—
The members of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee together with nearly every
leader of the party throughout the State
met here this morning. It was nearly
noon when Chairman C. C. Maffitt called
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
\ the committee to order, and stated that
I the object of the meeting was to call a
| State convention to select delegates to the
! National convention and receive the rep
| port of the snb-committee appointed to
prepare a plan for State organization.
The plan agreed upon provides for an or
ganization in every school district in the
| State by the Democrats of that district.
Hon. J. W. Farrisof Lebanon stated that
it was the purpose of the free silver Demo
crats to call an early State convention,
and blaze the way for Democrats in other
States by adopting a platform straight
forward for free silver. To that end he
moved that the State convention for the
selection of delegates to the National
Democratic Convention be held April 15.
This was carried unanimously. Two
ballots were then had for the location of
the convention, and Sedalia was chosen.
Judging from the tone of to-day's meet
ing there is no doubt that the delegates to
the National convention will go unin
structed except as to free silver.
WILL COST MVCIZ MONEY.
A. Politician IHscusses the Chances of
Governor Morton.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— "1f Gover
nor Morton will go into this campaign for
the Presidential nomination prepared, to
blow his own trumpet in every part of the
country he will soon be the leading candi
date. It will cost him a lot of money, but
it. will make him President of the United
States — if the Republican votes win the
day." These are the precise words of a
prominent politician who has just re
turned irom a tour of the West and South.
But much more than this, he is one of the
managers of a rival candidate.
Charges have been made by the Reed
men in the South that McKinley's friends
have spent $100,000 there within the last
few months, and counter-charges have
been preferred by the Ohio man's friends
that the managers of his Maine rivai have
flooded the South with money. The Reed
men say that the MxKiniey men spent
$40,000 in Louisiana alone to control the
delegation, and the followers of the
champion of protection say that the Reed
supporters in the South were subsidized.
No charges that Governor Morton's "bar
rel" was on "tap" for votes has come from \
the South, nor has Senator Allison's can- |
didacy been mixed in such charges.
FIGHTIXG If OR STATEHOOD.
Ex- Governor Murphy Says Arizona Will
He Admitted.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Jan. 25.— Nathan O.
Murphy, Territorial delegate from Arizona,
was at the Holland House yesterday. He
has been Governor of Arizona and is just
at present engaged in an aggressive light
to secure the admission of that Territory
as a State into the Union.
He believes that Arizona will win and
will be admitted. He says that the popu
lation and wealth of the Territory are
large enough to entitle it to admission and
that the only opposition is on the part of
those who fear the effect on money legisla
tion that will result from the admission of
more Senators from the West.
SUCH IS RITCHIE'S VIEW.
Say Grover Cleveland Would Make a
Good War President.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 25. — Hon.
Walter B. Ritchie of Lima, Senator Brice'a
right-hand man, is in the city. Asked who
he thought the Democrats would nomi
note for President next July at Chicago,
he said:
"I do not know ; could not even make a
good guess. But I will say that if this war
cry continues, Grover Cleveland will be the
nominee, sure, and if the war clouds still
continue to thicken, nothing can prevent
his election. He has the stuff in him for a
war President. Nobody will doubt that."
The Kentucky Iteadlock.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 25.— The two
houses met in joint assembly at noon for
the tourtn joint ballot for Senator. Tnere
is no prospect at the present time of break
ing tue deadlock. The ballot was as fol
lows: Hunter Gti, Blackburn 57, scattering
11. No choice.
BURNED A COURT HOUSE.
Arrest of One of the Participants
in a Daring Crime in
Nebraska.
Helped Out a Relative in Destroying
Ballots and Evidence of a
Shortage.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 25.— The police
to-day arrested William Myers, a yonng
man who has been frequenting the Lincoln
gambling houses. To-day it developed
that the charge against him was that of
burning the Hamilton County Courthouse
at Aurora, the day after election, the
Grand Jury at Aurora having indicted him
yesterday.
Myers was turned over to the Hamilton
County Sheriff to-day, and that official
later in the day on similar indictments
arrested Peter Farney and Peter Farney
Jr. The elder Farney ia ex-County Treas
urer, and he and Myers are relatives. The
charge is that they burned the court
house for the double purpose of destroying
the ballots showing Farney's defeat for re
election and to cover a shortage in his ac
counts of which he was convicted last
week.
MARSHAL AIX'S REMOVAL.
Culmination of the Charges Against the
Oklahoma Official.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— A Herald
special from Washington says: In sum
marily removing from office yesterday
United States Marshal Nix of Oklahoma,
the President acted more promptly than
he has done since the beginning of the ad
ministration.
There have been charges pending against
the Marshal after the fashion of the charges
which are pending against aiJ public of
ficials in Oklahoma. Two special examin
ers of the Department of Justice were sent
into the Territory about the Ist of Jan
uary. The charges ran the whole gamut
of crimes of which such an oilicer might
be guilty, beginning with useless and arbi
trary arrests and ending with an accusa
tion that the Marshal was engaged in
shaving the pay warrants of his deputies
at a great profit.
The report of the examiners reached tne
department Thursday, and was wholly ad
verse to the oflicer under investigation, so
much so as to prompt the President and
the Attorney-General to immediate action.
Telegrams were received from Nix asking
that judgment be suspended until he
could have a hearing, but no attention
was paid to them. Patrick Nagle, one of
the best known lawyers of the Territory,
was selected as his successor and his nomi
nation at once sent to the Senate.
Morphine Caused Her Death.
NEW YORK, N. Y M Jan. 25.-Very Free
man. 30 years of age, an actress, was found
dead in her room at the Hotel Pomeroy,
Broadway and Fifty-ninth street, this
morning. She died of morphine poison
ing, of which she is believed to have
taken an overdose fcr the purpote of in
ducing sleep.
CANNOT TAKE
THE INITIATIVE.
Germany Awaits Develop
ments in the Russo-
Turkish Treaty.
THE TRIPLE ALLIANCE.
There Is Great Speculation as to
Whether It Will Be
Affected.
MONETARY CONDITIONS FIGURE.
Impoverished Condition of the Sultan's
Treasury Plays a Part in the
New Compact.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 25.— Despite
the affectation of incredulity which per
vades the Foreign Oftice in regard to the
alleged agreement between Russia and
Turkey, concluding a treaty which ce
ments the two empires in an offensive and
defensive alliance, tne popular belief
grows that the convention is an accom
plished fact.
News received from Vienna upon this
subject from semi-official authorities has
had the effect to greatly weaken the
power of the official denials of the story,
which have been put forth most assidu
ously within fhe past twenty-four hours.
The Vienna advices have also led to ad
missions of the fact that an entente of
some kind has beeu entered into between
the Sultan and the Czar is not at all im
probable. As a matter of fact the diplo
matic circle here credits M. Xelidoff,
the Russian Embassador to Turkey, with
having achieved a grand coup under the
noses of the English and Austrian Em
bassadors, though both of the latter were
known to have been watching the Russian
diplomat, having had good reason to sus
pect that Russia was playing her own
game while pretending to act in concert
with the other powers.
In the early part of the week reports
were in circulation that Turkish orders had
been placed for large purchases of arms
and other munitions of war with German
firms. These rumors awakened the atten
tion of the German public to the fact that
previous negotiations of the same character
had collapsed, owing to the fact that the
Porte was unable to give drafts for the
amounts which would cover the purchases,
and it was generally believed that the re
ports were unfounded.
This time, however, the public has been
fooled. The contractor, it is true, made
another refusal to deliver the goods with
out a cash equivalent or adeqiiate security,
but they were astounded by receiving
drafts on account on Constantinople banks,
together with the assurance from the
agents of the German Government in Con
stantinople that not only would the bal
ance be paid, but that additional orders
were impending, the payment of which
would be guaranteed. As the financial
embarrassment of the Turkish Govern
ment is well known, it is reasoned that
Russian monetary assistance is a part o
the compact between the two powers.
The correspondent of the Cologne Ga
zette in Constantinople telegraphs to his
paper that the public treasuries of Turkey
are empty and that the officials and sol
diers, even to the highest rank, who have
been called out to proceed against the Ar
menians, have for a long time past been un
paid, it being absolutely true that they
have not had a penny for months. For
many weeks, too, the authorized purvey
ors to the army have stopped furnishing
supplies to the soldiers, who are in a
starving condition, to alleviate which they
have been preying upon the people. In
some places the troops have beset houses
at the instance of their commanders and
demanded food.
Under these circumstances, and many
other kindred disorders, a Russian alliance
would be more than desirable and the
forced drafts upon the people would be
certcin to cease. How an alliance between
Russia and Turkey would affect the Triple
Alliance is a matter of uneasy speculation.
Newspapers which have no official con
nection, in the meantime, ignore the bet
ter informed view that the whole situation
as regards the Dreibund is a blow to the
aspirations of Austria, and agree that the
subject is a delicate one to handle.
Some of these papers pursue the line of
the Hamburger Nachrichten, Prince Bis
marck's organ, that the interests of Ger
many are not being immediately affected
and the Government must await develop
ments before interfering.
It is certain that the Berlin Government
cannot be expected, even by the most in
terested of its allies, to tatte the initiative
in demanding that Russia shall explain
when the existence of the alleged treaty is
verified. The situation as it now stands
will involve the denunciation of the inter
national stipulations of the treaty of Paris
concluded in 1856 and renewed later
in tue Berlin Congress. This may finally
set Europe aflame, whereupon there will
ba a long pause which will be devoted to
active diplomacy. After that, what ?
The scandalous exchange of abuse be
tween Dr. Barth ana Herr yon Kardoff in
the Reichstag, Thursday, continues to be
the talk of the lobbies of the Representa
tive House. A duel between the two was
expected, but the Presidents and Vice-
Presidents of the Chamber intervened and
that phase of the quarrel was stopped.
The quarrel really owed its climax to the
fact that Baron yon Buol-Berenberg, Presi
dent of the Reichstag, who was in the
chair afc the time, is deaf, which fact pre
vented him from hearing the wordy war
between the two, and consequently he did
not catch the full meaning of the exchange
of words, which began with an insulting
remark by Herr Kardoff, who directed his
words in the form of a rebuke to Dr. Barth.
The latter's response, though harsh, was
fully justified, and the judgment of the
house was with him. With the exception
of this episode the proceedings of the
Reichstag were rather slow.
Yesterday, during the sitting of the
Reichstag, Dr. Bacliem, one of the Centrist
leaders, accused the Government of having
hindered the Catholic officials in their
work of assisting at the funeral functions
upon the occasion of the burial of Cardinal
Melchers. In the course of his speech Dr.
Bachein gave other instances of a similar
discrimination against Catholics on the
part of the Government officers, whereupon
Dr. Miquel, Prussian Minister of Finance,
replied that no distinction was made in
the treatment of Catholic or Protestant
officials or others connected with religious
bodies. Cathoiics, he declared, had not
been forbidden to take part in an unofficial
capacity in the obsequies of the Cardinal
Melchers or other funerals.
In tne course of the debate upon this
question which ensued the Conservative
speakers were called upon to defend the
laxity upon the part of the Government
in prosecuting Baron yon Hammerstein,
the absconding ex-editor, of the Kreuz
Zeitung, who was recently'arrested by the
German police in Athens and is now in
Italy awaiting extradition to Germany.
Three gentlemen declared that the prose
cution of Hammerstein had been delayed
because the proofs of his guilt had not
been sufficient until after his flight.
In the Reichstag to-day the Socialists
introduced a resolution which was the
subject of a lively debate to reduce the age
limit entitling persons to old-age annuity
from 70 to 60, and also to increase the
allowance to invalids. Dr. yon Boetticher,
vice-president of the Imperial Council,
etc., said that the Government would be
delighted to give workmen a larger degree
of benefit.
But such a thing was a financial impos
sibility. The proposals as they now stand,
he said, meant an additional expenditure
of 75,000,000 marks a year. The Socialists
replied to Dr. yon Boetticher with jeers,
the burden of their remarks being directed
toward the naval and other expenditures
proposed by the Government.
Baron yon Stumm accused the Social
ists of greediness, declaring that it was
their desire to seize the revenues of the
nation, while at the same time they were
opposed to the projects of the Govern
ment which arrived at the increase of pub
lic revenue. It was a remarkable fact, he
said, that the whole of the workman's in
surance legislation which had been en
acted had been passed by the hated em
ployers and so-called "exploiters" against
the opposition of the Socialists. If the
Socialists had their way, he said, the
workingmen of Germany would be now
receiving nothing. The sense of the Cham
ber was against the motion.
It is said, upon good authority, that the
Emperor, in conversation with a guest at
dinner in the castle Thursday evening, ex
pressed his opinion that the island of Cuba
was lost to Spain. The best course for
Spain to take, the Kaiser is alleged to have
said, would be to come to some sort of
arrangement with the United States
whereby she could obtain some substantial
return for the cession of the island, but he
was of the notion that it was probably too
late for even such transaction as that now.
The Berlin Fencing Club was inaugurated
on Wednesday, Charles de Kay, United
States Consul-General, and Lord Granville
of the British embassy, doing the hor. )rs.
There were 150 gueeta present, including
Prince Michael RadziwilJ, Hulbert Squires
and J. B. Jackson, respectively second and
first secretaries of the United States em
bassy; F. C. Zimmerman, Deputy United
States Consul-General, and a number of
German military and naval officers. Grand
Duke Charles Alexander of Saxe- Weimar
is to be elected honorary president of the
club.
KANSAS MURDERER AT BAY
For Five Hours He Stands Off
a Party of Pursuing
Vigilantes.
One of Them Wounded and the
Desperado Finally Escapes
Lynching.
"WICHITA, Kaxs., Jan. 23.— After a
hard chase and desperate resistance the
murderer of Howard Roberts of Isabella
was captured by the vigilance committee,
who kept on his track for thirty miles in
Cedar Canyon in the Gyp Hills. For five
hours he kept the vicilantes from ap
proaching nearer than 100 yards, and one
man was wounded, but not fatally. The
attacking party decided to adopt the
tactics of Indian-fighters, and the mur
derer fell into the trap and was taken.
The men had intended to hang their man
to the first tree, but calmer council
prevailed. The vigilantes took their
prisoner to Vilas and surrendered him to
the officers. Afterward they learned that
Mrs. Roberts, the victim's mother, who is
in a delicate condition, was lying at the
point of death as a result of the tragedy,
and becoming enraged started out to take
the murderer from the officers with the
avowed intention of lynching him. The
officers spirited their prisoner away into
Biaine County. It is thought he is the
notorious Rattlesnake Bill.
THRILLING COURT SCENE.
A Woman's Frantic Effort to
Save Her Husband's
Neck.
Charged Herself With the Murder,
but Her Words Were of
No Avail.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— There was a
sensational scene in the Criminal Court to
day when John Oram was called up to say
why sentence of death should not be im
posed upon him for the murder of Joseph
Conlan. As Oram arose his wife sprang to
her feet and cried: "I killed that man.
My husband is not guilty. He shall not
suffer for my crime." The courtroom was
instantly in an uproar. When quiet was
restored the prisoner asked time to con
sider, which was granted him, and he
then pleaded guilty and was sentenced to
imprisonment for life. Mrs. Oram told
the Judge that she committed the murder,
but that her husband's lawyers would not
allow her to testify. The Judge told her
her testimony would be of no avail, as her
previous contradictions would disprove it.
She then fainted repeatedly.
BEFOJRM IX" CHICAGO.
An Effort to Divorce Politic* From Mv-
nicipal Affairs.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— At a repre
sentative municipal reform meeting to-day
the committee of iifteen, to whom had been
intrusted by the original meeting the task
of considering and presenting a report
recommending the best course to pursue
to divorce politics from municipal affairs,
reported in favor of appointing a central
body of 100 citizens in sympathy with the
movement, who shall have charge of the
detailed work and act independently of
both of the old parties. The plan is based
on the independent reform movement
which was successful in defeating Tam
many in New York City. The report was
accepted and the committee of fifteen will
select the 100 men. The municipal party
will enter the field for every office in city,
town and county, from constable to Mayot
LORD LEIGHTON'S
SUDDEN DEATH.
Was a Celebrated Painter
and Head of the Royal
Academy.
NOTED CAREER IN ART.
From Boyhood He Displayed a
Great Passion for the.
Work.
HONORED AT HOME AND ABROAD
At the Beginning of the Year He Was
Elevated to the Peerage of
Great Britain.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 25.— The Globe an
nounces the death of Sir Frederick Leigh
ton, the celebrated painter and president
of the Royal Academy. He suffered from
a chill this mornine, followed by a serious
affection of the heart, which resulted
fatally.
Frederick Leighton, Bart., P.R.A.,
LL.D., D.C.L., was born at Scarborough,
December 3, 1830, and from childhood
evinced a strong passion for painting.
Thi3 his parents encouraged, and gave
him every opportunity for gratifying it.
They opposed, however, for a few years,
his desire to study art for the purpose of
making it a profession.
His first systematic instructions in draw
ing were received in Rome in the winter
of 1842-43, from a painter named Felippo
Meli. In 1842^3 he entered, as a student,
the Royal Academy of Berlin. Then fol
lowed a withdrawal from art for a year,
during which the embryo painter was re
ceiving his general education at a school
at Frankfort-on-Main. The winter of
1845-46 was spent at Florence, and here it
was that the father at last yielded to the
son's desire to embrace painting as a pro
fession.
Some of tbe young student's drawings
were submitted to the ceiebrated Ameri
can sculptor, Hiram Powers, a.nd the
father promised that his decision should
depend on the results of his interview
with the sculptor. The estimate formed
by Powers of the drawings being highly
favorable, the youthful Leighton waa
permitted from that day forward to devote
the whole of his time to painting.
During part of the time, from 1846 to
1848, he studied in the Academy of Frank
fort-on-Main. The winter of 1848-49 he
passed in Brussels, and painted his first
finished picture, which represented a story
of Cimabue finding Giotto drawing in the
fields. The succeeding tweh'e months he
spent in Paris, copying iv the Louvre, and
attending a life school. Thence he re
turned to Frankfort, where he became,
and continued till the early part of 1853, a
pupil of E. Steinle of Vienna (one ot tho
followers of Overbeck), professor of his
torical paintings at the academy of that
city.
During this period several pictures were
painted by Lord Leighton, among others
a large one of "The Death of Brunel
lesco."
Tbe whole of three winter seasons were
next passed in Home in diligent study and
in painting a large picture of "Cimabue,"
representing the procession (consisting of
the picture of Cimabue, his scholars and
principal Florence contemporaries), which
is said to have accompanied Cimabue's pic
ture of the Madonna, with great honor
and rejoicing, through the streets of Flo
rence to the church of Santa Maria No
vella. The exhibition of this work by
Lord Leighton at the Royal Academy in
1855 was a great surprise to tne London
public, coming as it did from an artist un
known in England. It was at once pur
chased by the Queen and re-exhibited at
the Manchester Art Treasures and the In
ternational Exhibitions.
During four years after this early and
great success the artist resided in Paris,
studying, however, under no master,
though aided by the counsel of Ary Schef
fer, Pvobert Fleury and other French
painters.
He was chosen president of tbe Royal
Academy in succession to the late Sir
Francis Grant November 13, 1878, and a
few days later received the honor of
knighthood. He was a member of several
foreign artistic societies, and at the Paris
Exhibition of 1878 was nominated presi
dent of the International Jury of Painting.
In 1888 he was elected a member of the So
ciety of Painters in Water Colors.
Sir F. Leighton was elevated to tbe peer
age in the Queen's distribution of New
Year's honors at the beginning of 1896 and
assumed the title of Lord Leighton.
WRECKED NEAR RIVERTOH.
Disaster to a Raymond & Whitcomb Ex
cursion Train on the Shenandoah
Valley Hallway,
ROANOKE, Va., Jan. 25.— A section of
Raymond & Whitcomb's excursion train
coming south on the Shenandoiib. Valley
Railway was wrecked at 10 o'clock last
night near Riverton.
Two Pullman cars and a baggage-car
were burned. A colored porter named
Phillips waa instantly killed. Engineer
Long and Fireman Pouper were severely
injured. The passengers escaped without
injury. The wreck was caused by the fall
of a mass of rock across the track.
Taken 111 on the Train.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.-Ex-Lieuten
ant-Governor Sir Joseph Trutch of British
Columbia was taken ill on the train while
traveling from Victoria to London in re
Tired
Nervous women, with aching heads and
weary limbs, will find a course of Hood's
Sarsaparilla give» pure blood, a good ap-
petite and renewed strength.
SarsapariHa
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All druggists, $1.
Hftnrl *<I Pi lie ftct harmoniously .'. with
1 1OOU § flllS Hood's Saraaparilla. 1
sponse to a summons from her Majesty to
be informed on certain subject", and was
removed to the Auditorium Hotel when
the train arrived here. The house physi
cian says Sir Joseph will be able to con
tinue his journey in a few day 3.
APPLICATION FOR A COADJUTOR.
Bishop Hogan to Have an Assistant Who
Will Succeed Him in Case of
Retirement
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 25.—Appli
cation has been sent to Pope Leo at Rome
for a coadjutor for thi3 Catholic diocese.
The coadjutor will be an assistant to
Bisbop J. J. Hogan, and will succeed him
in the event of his death or retirement.
The application for a coadjutor will un
doubtedly be granted, and it is understood
that the Rev. Father J. J. Glennon, who
had charge of the diocese during Bishop
Hogan's recent trip abroad, will be given
the position.
A meeting of the highest Catholic dig
nitaries of the St. Louis province was held
this week at the residence of Bishop
Hogan in this city for the purpose of dis
cussing the advisability of applying to
Rome for a coadjutor for Bishop Hogan.
There were present at the meeting Arch
bishop Kain of St. Louis and Bishop
Hogan of Kansas City, Mo., Bishop Fink
of Kansas City, Kan., Bishop Burke of St.
Joseph, Mo., and Bishop Hennessy of
"Wichita, Kan. The dignitaries discussed
the question in executive session, and
agreed to ask the Pope to appoint a coad
jutor. Bishop Hogan is becoming ad
vanced in years, and finds the work of
managing this diocese too exacting.
Will Xot Increase the Price.
PEORIA, 111., Jan. 25.— At a meeting of
the executive committee of the Distillers'
Association to-day it was agreed not to in
crease the price of whisky, and it will
accordingly remain at $1 22." '
Earnings of Xailroada.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.-For the
first week of January eighty-four railroads
earned $5,823,758, an increase of $401,572,
and for the tecond week seventy-five roada
earned 16,265,461, an increase of $805,666.
IKE TO-DAY.
(mild)
We're drawing it mild when we say the
New Estrella cigar is the best for the price
many of its friends say it is the best at any
price. New crop leaf, new light colors,
new sizes— 2 for 25c, 3 for 25c and 10c
straight. ESBERG, BACHMAN & CO.,
Wholesalers.
TO
GET
hi ilVii ' '*•
This week our shoe sale must end— next
week we take stock. Do you comprehend ?
If not, come and see what it means. Wa
MUST and WILL unload our big stock.
You want shoes, we want their room.
Money is no object; we're willing to lose
considerable to sell the shoes. You'll re-
gret it if you don't come THIS WEEK.
SULLIVAN'S
18-20-22 FOURTH ST.
Send tor oar New 1896 Catalogue. FREE.
MANLY VIGOR
*BlBSS5l5tfVO| fVNCB MORE in harmony
uNI'l illlaKra v with the world, 2000
1 lllil ll ollJlviV completely cured men are
leap* v\ eiagiug happy praises for
lllHllllllK. M JL the greatest, grand-
rM n I TLjVTuj/r?5 cs ' and most sac-
jffl> mi M3|»)S£<Wa cessful cure for sex-
B I I By^wM ual weakness and
fl LLJHO«iwS>^ lost vigor known to
■ *5sNs2?*Y!Pi«S. medical science. An
yjiZisgSZ'Asv 1 * V account of this tcon-
Jyjtff *fr*^£Ns!&j? derf ul discovery, in
GtA (t/S^wk?*''^ book form , wit h r ef -
*^y^w*ffL^& erence3 and proofs,
. •^-^ *' .~~ . will .be seat to suf-
fering men (sealed) free. Full manly vigor
permanently restored. Failure impossible.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFFALO,^.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruises,
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings.
IT STOPS AIX PAEf.
ALL ' DRUGGISTS ' SELL IT.
SO CENTS AXJD 81 A BOTTLE.
SliillltS'Jsr
BoPercentaga PtumtCL9sOarseTsi.
'BRU|HIESk«K^
Uyers, flourmlua, foundrie., Uundri'eß, d»2S
kmoMtn, J«l«"*w. P^a»», shoe factorfe* suSl^
mta. ur-roofcw, taan««, tailor^e^ ** T~*
#ru»toV»nufßCture^6o*Sac § rim«ito3».VERY LONELY
AND IN SORROW.
Pitiable Picture Drawn of
the Infirmities of Queen
Victoria.
MUCH SYMPATHY SHOWN
Kind Words Spoken for Prince
Henry. Who Was Ridi
culed in Life.
OTHER WORRIES OF THE REALM.
Statesmen Make Weak Denials of the
- Alliance Between Russia and
Turkey.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Esq., .lan. 25.— Queen Vic
toria will in May be entering he/ seventy
eijrhth year, infirm in health, unutterably
sad in mind, bereft almost wholly of old
friends and servants and living in gloomy
reveries of the past, among memorials of
her dead. This thought of the aged
sovereign, so pitiful Li her increasing iso
lation, conies uppermost now in English
men's minds whenever royalty is men
tioned and it rose swiftly, over poweringly
everywhere when the news of the death of
Prince Henry of Battenberg was spread
Wednesday.
This amiable gentleman who had been ;
living here for ien years in a somewhat
anomalous position had been made a sort
of national butt for jokes not always
good natured, directed at the whole insti
tution of German pauper princes eating
the Enelish taxes. The poor fellow must
have winced terribly sometimes under the
ceaseless battery of banter and cheap
music-hall chaff which tie bore vicariously
for his kinsmen and caste. He was very
happy when he could get away from Eng
land fora time, but even here his comfort ■
was limited because there was a uniform j
boycott arranged among the continental !
courts by Emperor 'William against recog- i
nition of the royal status which England
had conferred on him.
:-o he spent his vacations mostly on his
:. secure alike from British guying
and continental snubs. At last, when the
A Shan tee expedition offered a chance, he
j leaded for ami obtained permission to go
with it, in a despairing effort to disarm the
British oopular levity and persuade the
English to think of him as a soldier and a
brave man. insiead of as an alien and a
tame house pet. If he had come home
alive with the rest I doubt that he would
have achieved this end. Very possibly
the almost farcical character of the per
formance in Coomassie would have in
volved him in more ridicule than ever, but
he was afraid of the coast fever from the
start, talked about it aii the while on the
way out, had not the right kind of phy
f-ique to meet it when it came and so died
instantly.
A complete metamorphosis was wrought !
in England's notions of him. People of
ail grades and conditions recalled in a
flash how it would affect the Queen, and
this reflection colored intuitively all their
thoughts and words. In truth the event
involved a deeper personal affliction for
the Queen than perhaps any other death
in her actual family since she was widowed.
Not even her son Leopold, who died
eleven years ago, was so near to her or so
iiiucii a part of her daily domestic life as
was Prince Henry. He had a remarkable
aptitude for the role that he was called on
to p!ay, and he waited on her, watched
over her and smoothed the routine of ex
istence for her with untiring zeal. It was
bf no means a lLht tabk, but he per
formed it with profound German j
patience. This is remembered now
to his infinite credit, and he is being sin
cerely mourned ten times as much as was
tne Duke of Clarence, who stood on the
steps of the throne itself. It seems that
the shock has not directly affected the
.s health, at least thus far, but it is
uneasily felt that it will inevitably
multiply the weight of the melancholy
that she is already bowed under.
Hence the public have been raining in
messages of condolence upon her in far
more promiscuous fashion than ever be
fore, and no one is too poor or too
obviously interested to fail of thanks from
her secretaries.
It is being whispered about that the
German Emperor's message is not of a
character which would have pleased Eng
land if it had been published. This may
have no better basis than the fact that no
oiliciai mention of the dispatch from him
las been made either here or in Berlin,
though something has been said of his
making inquiries as to the health of nis
grandmother and Aunt Beatrice. Unless
something definite is published soon, this
rumor is certain to spread and assume a
large importance in the public mind. All
sorts of ceremonial functions appointed
for this week and the next have been
hastily abandoned or postponed. There
was to have been a royal review of the
new flying squadron in the Jjolent, which
England's aroused martial spirit would
have invested w ith national importance,
but the bereavement stopped all that.
We have instead the picture of the vener
able monarch going out alone yesterday
in the early morning in a pony carriage,
swathed in black shawls, against the win
try channel mists, and halting for a long
time on the headland, entirely alone,
watching the silent warships riding at
anchor in Spithead, and perhaps it is
more inspiring to the imagination than
the grandest pageant would have been.
Where that squadron is going remains
as mnch a mystery as it was a week ago.
The belief of the politician?, however, has
veered quite around to the theory fore
shadowed in these dispatches then that it
has something to do with the Armenian
question. The Pal: Mall Gazette's story
:usso-Turkish treaty gets plenty of
official denials, but it is precisely one of
those statements which, if not literally
true, describes all the same an actual situ
ation. That Russia has the Sultan in the
hollow of its hand and that he does what
ever Xeiidoff tells him to do has been
common knowledge for six weeks or more.
W nether this relation has been formalized
by a treaty is wholly a consideration of
expediency. It i s beginning to be com
prehended now that Germany and Russia
are acting in entire accord and that Eng
land is giving up the notion of trying to
establish relations with Russia. All the
interest bere ia concentrated on the ques
tion of what France will do when she,
too, sees that the Russian policy is being
dictated from Berlin.
Englishmen all approve the large con
cessions that Lord Salisbury has made to
the French in various directions, and
would be willing to see still others mado,
if only they could make sure that France
would show gratitude by cutting loose
from Russia and helping England to form
a new "Western Europe combination
against despots of ail descriptions. There
are vague notions cherished that if the
French would do this Italy and probably
Austro- Hungary could be gathered in
from the worn-out and crumbling Triple
Alliance, but all this is still in the air.
There is absolutely nothing to say about
the Venezuelan matter. The English
papers continue to discuss it, but they
only do so because their American cor
respondents continue to telegraph long
accounts of what this, what that and the
other person or paper, very often of tenth
rate importance, says on the subject. The
| London Daily News, for instance, has im
posed on.it extended anti-Cleveland re
marks by that old star-route remainder,
Bob Ingersoll, and this was actually
treated as an American opinion.
There is, perhaps, a grain of importance
i in the report which ascribes to Chamber
lain a much more vigorous Venezuelan at
titude than Salisbury and Balfour were
disposed for.
Perhaps this seems more reasonable to
me because I always suspected and said
that Chamberlain was at the bottom of the
whole business, but his extraordinary
speech the other night, in which he
calmly strutted about in the domain of
foreign affairs as if Lord Salisbury was
non-existent, and told what England
i would or would not do, certainly warrants
I the notion that he is acting as the jingo
j force in the Cabinet. Other signs indi
cate that Salisbury, Balfour and their fol
lowers are by no means delighted by tub
apotheosis of Brummagem, and no one
will be surprised if evidence of genuine
dissensions in the Cabinet be forthcoming
within the next month or two.
The meeting of Parliament is now barely
a fortnight away and the politicians are
already flocking 10 town excited by the pros
pect of a session crowded with big events.
The chances are obvionsly not less than
even that a great foreign war is at hand,
but there is also the 3emi-doniestic prob
lem of the chartered company, which is
superior in interest ana dramatic possi
bilities to anything that Westminster has
dealt with for a generation.
The question of the Indian cotton du
ties, though less popular in its appeals for
attention, is a matter of very grave im
portance. How seriously it is regarded
may be gathered from the fact that the
Times to-day has nearly three columns of
dispatches from Calcutta and Bombay,
largely small type extracts from Sir James
Wlieatland's speech delivered last Thurs
day in the Legislative Council, which must
have cost at least JoOOO.
The Tory Government, in order to make
a show of keeping the campaign promises
to Lancashire by which it won nearly
twenty seats, has hit on a compromise
which only indifferently placated Man
chester, but infuriates the Indian mill
; owners and merchants and will inevitably
' be the occasion for prolonged lighting in
! the House of Commons.
General Weylers going to Cuba is re
garded here, and in Madrid, too, I am
told, as the inaugural step in a policy
which, very possibly, will destroj' all that
is left of the Spanish empire. This policy
has been forced on the timid Ministry by
the loud, ignorant howling of the Madrid
press, which is by far the lowest and most
vicious product of Latin journalism and
frankly caters for and represents only the
mobs of the large towns.
General Weyler's speeches and news
. paper encomiums show that his expedition
! is regarded strictly from the matador's
point of view. He promises to hang or
i shoot all rebels falling into his hands, and
the rabble roars as exultingly as if the
blood of bulls and horses was being talked
about. But soberer minds can already
foresee that this sort of thing is bound to
excite deep feeling in the United States
; and only less so in England, and it seems
to be hardly within the bounds of possi
bility that Spanish butcheries will be al
lowed to go on without intervention.
Rontgen's photographic discovery in
creasingly monopolizes scientific atten
tion. Already numerous successful ap
plications of it to surgical difficulties arc
reported from various countries, but per
haps even more striking are the proofs
that ir will revolutionize methods in many
departments of metallurgical industry.
Carbon can be readily distinguished
from iron, and imperfect fusions in bronze
and other compounds can be detected at
once; so that an ideally simple system of
testing great blocks or bars of metal, as in
cannon, railroad wheels, rails, bridge sec
tions, armor-plates, etc., seems at hand.
Experiments already made warrant the
expectation that the new method of test
ing will be of some value in practically
every branch of metallurgy.
Poor old Tracy Turnerelli gets amicably
compassionate obituary attention from all
shades of newspapers to-day. Of late
yaars he had grown to be a chronic bore
whose letters clogged the waste-baskets of
every editor in the land. He had even
sent round to the press some years ago
photographs of the tomb that he de
signed foi himself and erected, inscription
and all. But there has not been any re
production of it now, when certainly it
would be opportune, which forces the sus
picion that these also went into the dust
bin as a dignified offset to Alired Austin's
extraordinary doggerel sung at the Al
hambra, and two other music-hall jingo
songs, which are still cheered to hoarse
ness nightly.
Swinburne's magnificent "Ode to the
Navy of the Jubilee Year" is republished
now for a penny. It is significant to note
that the original line, "Dark Muscovy
girded with guile," now reads "Germany"
instead of Muscovy.
William Watson's "Purple East" is sell
ing everywhere to-day in remarkable fash
ion, and it really looks as if it were destined
to exert an enormous influence on the
public mind. There is a report, not verified,
that urgent representations have been
made from the Turkish Embassy to Lord
Salisbury asking, in the Sultan's name,
that its sale be prohibited.
Original manuscripts of 370 of the
famous Paston letters are to be sold
by auction here next month, and 311
of them are being offered in one
lot, in the hope that they will find a pur
chaser who will not separate what is cer
tainly the most remarkable and valuable
collection relating to medieval documents
in the language.
Jon Stefansson, the learned Scandina
vian archeologist, whose recent essay sug
gesting that Shakespeare almost certainly
visited Denmark as a young man with a
company of players, and gave perfor
mances inside of Elsinore Castle, attracted
some attention, announces to-day that he
has discovered further corroborative evi
dence, which leaves little doubt of the fact
and which he will publish shortly.
The failure of "Michael and his Lost
Angel" at the Lyceum is almost pathetic
in its abruptness. It goea off to-night
after only ten performances, and, appa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .JANUARY 26, 1896.
rently, it drags Forbes Robertson's mana
gerial fortune down with it at least for a
time, since it is announced that Oscar Bar
rett's beautiful pantomime, which hereto
fore has been limited to a matinee each
day in the Lyceum, henceforth will sup
ply the evening bill as well. The collapse
recalis the fact that since "The Bauble
Shop," Jones has done nothing which has
made money, while some of his recent
work has well nigh ruined the managers
who invested in it.
Yet so curiously obtuse are the general
run of managers that this fact remains
quite meaningless to them, and having
once imbibed the belief that Jones is a
fashionable playwright they go on indefin
itely ordering plays from him and throw
ing good money after bad.
The second number of Cosmopolis, due a
week hence, will contain an elaborate arti
cle on "International Arbitration," by
Gennadius, a diplomat of high standing
here and in Washington; a letter on the
same subject in French from Jules Simon,
and "A Study of the JUonroe Doctrine,"
in German, by Professor Yon Barr of Got
tingen. A really unexpected success,
especially on the Continent, was achieved
by the tirst number. Harold Frederic.
HAS THE PORTE S PROMISE.
Minister Terrell Assured That Ismae! Bey
Will Be Retained as Governor
of Hadjin,
LONDON, Eng., Jan. Telegraphing
under date of January 24 tne correspond
ent of the United Press at Constantinople
says :
The Porte has given its promise to
United States Minister Terrell that Israael
Bey shall be retained in his position as
Governor of Hadjin.
Ismael is the successor of the late Gov
ernor Hadjin, who threatened to destroy I
that town and sow barley uuon the site of
it. He nas been conspicuously active in
protecting the lives and property of the
ladies of the American mission at Hadjin,
and in many other ways has shown him
self to bo an able and humane administra
tor. His removal from his post was threat- j
ened because of a difference with the mili
tary commander at Hadjin.
The movement against Israaelian, the
Armenian patriarch, is not an Armenian |
movement, although the Government is <
using Armenian tools to accomplish its i
object. There exists a sort of a commis- i
sion, composed of ten members, the ]
avowed purpose of which is to force the
Armenian patriarch to resign. Five mem
bers of this commission are in the employ
of the Government and include the
Bishop of Broussa, who is reported to be
the Sultan's spy, and the Bishop of Aden, I
who was an aspirant to the patriarchate
when the office was last vacant.
The Porte has agreed to permit the en
trance of individual Americans into Asia
Miner for the purpose of distribution of
relief to the suffering Armenians, but has
declined to concede the admission of the j
American Red Cross Society or any other
organization.
■ ♦
A FI.OVItISB.iyG INSTITUTION.
Annual Meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce in Paris.
PARIS, France, Jan. 25.— The second
annual meeting of the American Chamber
of Commerce in Paris was held this even
ing in tLe Cafe Riche and was a very suc
cessful affair. Mr. Morss, the American
Consul-Genera!, made a speech, in which
he sketched the history of the chamber.
President Stephen Tyng described its
foundation. Speeches were also made by
William iSeligman and Vice-President j
Peartree. The latter enlarged upon the j
future of the chamber.
An Accident on the France.
PARIS, France, Jan. 25.— Dispatches
from St. Nazaire state that a very serious
accident occurred there to-day in the
course of the trial ot the machinery of the
new trans-Atlantic steamship France, just
constructed. The report says that a num
ber of persons were killed and injured.
CONFINED AS A VAGRANT.
Very Remarkable Career of an
Aged Inmate of a Work
house.
Was the First American Engineer to
Pull the Throttle on a Moving
Locomotive.
NEW YOIIK, N. V., Jan. 25.— At the re
quest of Warden Lawrence Dunphy of the
Workhouse Magistrate Kudlich, in the
Essex Market Police Court, yesterday re
committed to that institution Wood Ben
son, 89 years of age, as a vagrant.
Benson is one of the most remarkable
persons ever committed to an institution
of that character, for, according to his
own story, he has never used tobacco or
malt or spirituous liquor in any form.
This statement is borne out by his appear
ance. He is in perfect health, stands erect,
writes a legible hand and has never in his
life, he says, used glasses.
Benson has already served one term of
three months in the workhouse, where he
is librarian. At the end of a similar period
he expects to be cared for by the Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers. It is in
connection with this that Benson makes
the claim not only of being the oldest liv
ing locomotive engineer, but the lirst in
America ever to pull the throttle on a
moving steam engine.
According to the statements made by
him in the Police Court he was born on a
farm in this city in 1807, the location being
Amity street, now known as West Third
street. He worked, when a young man,
on machinery, and when the first locomo
tive was constructed he assisted in the
work, and, although the inventor was the
nominal engineer on the first trip over the
Hudson River Railroad, Benson claims to
have been the mar. actually in charge.
During the fire of the Herkimer bridge
Benson says ho was the engineer who ran
over, not knowine it to be in flames. This
fact he discovered too late to retreat, so,
opening the throttle, he ran his engine
over the blazing structure. On the train
were a party of National Republican dele
gates, bound for Saratoga, and upon learn
ing of their escape from death a purse of
$1000 was given to the engineer.
TO BEAK FIT THE DUKE.
The Duchess of Marlborough Will Carry
Heavy Life Insurance.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. - 25.-The re
port that the young Duchess of Marl
borough (nee Vanderbilt) was to have her
life insured for the benefit of the Duke is
confirmed in a private letter. The amount
applied for is £000,000. An application has
been made and a medical report submitted,
but so far as is known the insurance com
panies have not passed on it. The proba
bilities are they will accept the risk, for
they will receive a big premium and get
other benefits, j Besides, the British com
panies like to mortgage the lives of the
aristocracy. ; This will be one of the largest
if not the largest of risks' ever taken. It
will undoubtedly be underwritten :by r a
syndicate.
SANTA CLARA
RAIL DISASTER.
Two Trains Crash Together
at a Crossing in the
Town.
MISTAKE THE SIGNALS.
Engineer Stanley of the Narrow
Gauge Receives Fatal
Injuries.
PASSENGERS SLIGHTLY BRUISED
One Locomotive and Several Coaches
Demolished and Derailed by
the Contact.
SAX JOSE, Cal., Jan. 25.— A disas
trous collision occurred between passenger
trains on the broad and narrow gauge
railroads at the crossing in Santa Clara
this afternoon about 4 o'clock, by which
one man was fatally injured, several per
sons badly hurt ana two cars and an engine
wrecked.
The narrow-gauge passenger train going
north and the Del Monte limited broad
gauge coming south are due at this cross
ing about the «ame time, but a watchman
stands at the crossing and signals all
trains. On this occasion, according to the
signals, the broad-gauge train had the
right of way and was coming toward San
Jose at a good rate of speed, when the
narrow-gauge train crashed into it, land
ing a bagcage and passenger coach upon
their sides at a point about twenty-five
feet from where the collision occurred and
completely overturning and demolishing
the narrow-gauge engine.
One of the coaches was the smoker of the
Pel Monte limited from San Francisco and
was filled with passengers. By miraculous
chance only two persons were seriously
hurt. James Stanley, the engineer of the
engine of the narrow-gauge road, was
caught beneath the timbers of his cab and
the reverse lever of his engine as the loco
motive turned over. His left leg was
crushed and broken and his right leg badly
bruised. His injuries, it is thought, will
prove fatal. Cory Ingalls, who resides
near Gilroy, was in the smoking-car, which
was overturned, but he crawled out of a
window and started to leave the wreck
when he fell in a faint, and it was found
that he had been seriously injured inter
nally. Ed Morris, the "peanut butcher,"
was badly cut about the face, but his
wounds are not serious. Fred Wetzel, the
fireman on the overturned engine, escaped
unhurt by jumping when he saw that a
collision was unavoidable.
The narrow-gauge engine, which was
moving slowly, first struck tbe front of the
baggage-car, but only scraped along the
Bide of this car, lifting it slightly until the
opening between the smoker and the bag
gage-car was reached; then the full force
of the rapidly moving broad-gauge train
| was brought against the end of its smoker,
I which was sufficient to overturn the col
liding engine. The passengers in the nar
row-gauge coaches barely felt the force of
the colliding shock, but the passengers of
the broad-gauge train received an unpleas
ant shaking up, and many of them nar
rowly escaped being crushed to death by
actual contact with the engine. Fortu
nately the couplings joining the over
turned cars with the other coaches
snapped, which prevented the occupants
of the rear coaches and the engine of the
broad gauge from receiving very serious
damage.
Stanley's injuries were dressed in Santa
Clam and he was taken to his home in Oak
land this afternoon. The passengers on the
colliding trains were transferred to trains
made up in this ciiy and carried to their
destinations. By means of transfers, those
going north were enabled to ride to the
scene of the blockading wreck, and by
walking a short distance to take another
train and continue their journey. In this
way passenger traffic was not seriously in
terfered with by the smash up.
Among those injured are: Henry Lux,
left arm badly bruised ; Jacob Vice of Gil
roy, right leg bruised; Davis, leg in
jured. Many of those in the smoking-car
were almost, turned upside down, and sev
eral saved themselves from injury by grab
bing the arms to the seats and holding
firm, while the coach, filled with men,
turned over.
Stanley, the injured engineer, is 60 years
of age, and is the oldest employe on the nar
row-gauge line, having been running one
of its engines for over twenty years — ever
since the road was built. This was his
first accident and ''Stanley's luck" has
heretofore been proverbial among railroad
men. Stanley gave a remarkable show of
nerve while pinned beneath hi 3 engine,
coolly giving auvice to the men at work as
to how best to release him. After nearly
an hour's work he was finally dragged out,
and then for the first time he uttered a
piercing scream, but nerved himself im
mediately.
When asked about the accident Stanley
said the flagman give him the signal to go
ahead. When he saw the other train ap
proaching he shut off steam and reversed
the engine.
Ernest Kohlhall, thn flagman, is a one
armed railroader who has been employed
at the crossing for several years. He was
very reticent concerning the cause of the
accident aud would say only that he had
signaled the train, as was his usual cus
tom. This means that he signaled for the
broad-gauge train to go ahead, and Stan
ley mistook the signal. The set signal
speaks for itsnelf, as after the accident it
was across the narrow-gauge track, signi
fying that all trains on that line should
stop until it was removed. The narrow
gauge train could not have been moving at
any great rate of speed, as the passengers
aboard state they received only a slight
jar.
From the amount of damage done, bow
ever, it would appear that the broad-gauge
train was going at a rapid rate of speed at
the time of Uie collision. Stanley's engine
was a sad wreck. Its smokestack and
front were torn away, the cab was broken
off and the whole machine was no more
than a battered boiler.
The baggage-car on the other line had
one of its sides badly splintered. One cor
ner of the smoker was torn out. Both
cars were lifted from their trucks. One of
them struck a telegraph pole and broke it
off short and the car lodged against a tree.
The signal box was knocked over and lay
across the narrow-gauge track.
Only the tender of the narrow-gauge
train left the track with the engine.
Shortly after the accident a gang of men
was put to work clearing the track, and
everything will be out of the way by morn
ing.
Amputation In Seceamary.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— Engineer
John A. Stanley was brought from San
Jose to-night and taken to the Fabiola
Hospital. He is badly injured and one
leg will have to be amputated, but it is
hoped the other will be saved. There is a
chance for his recovery. Stanley lives at
Seventh and Oak streets with his family.
CHiyjasm cA.nir'B murder.
George Morris' Slayers Seem J>c*tined to
iio Unpunished.
SONORA, Cal., Jan. 25.— The excite
ment over the murder of George Morris,
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s agent at Chinese
Camp, has about died out. District Attor
ney Otis felt confident that he could not
convict Wesley Mcßeynolds on the sole
evidence of the witness Brown, who said
McUeynolds told him he had killed Mor
ris. The District Attorney had letters
from Brown's late residence which con
vinced him that Brown was not a reliable
witness. Not wishing to put the county
to unnecessary expense. District Attorney
Otis had the information against Wesley
Mcßeynolds dismissed yesterday as an
nounced in The Call.
William Smith, the detective who figured
so conspicuously in the Sontag and Evans
raid, has been working on this case for
some time, but has not as yet developed
anything new. The confession of Ada
Mcßeynolds is not generally believed, and
her subsequent denials have robbed her
first story of its weight.
MISSIXG FJtO3l A.RCATA.
William McGrade Went Upon a Hunt and
lias Kot Jieturned.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 25.— A party com
posed of men and women is searching the
woods in the neighborhood of Liscom Hill,
near Arcata, for the 18-year old son of
William McGrade. Young McGradn, who
was camping with a party of timber
searcliers', left his comrades Wednesday to
go hunting. He did not return to the
camp and they supposed he had left for
home, but on coming back to Arcata noth
ing could be learned of him.
The searchers have little hope of finding
McGrade alive, as the weather has been
most severe. It is probable that young
McGrade either accidentally shot himself
or fell from some steep grade.
SANTA BARBARA TRANSFER
Capitalist Den's Bride Comes
Into Possession of All of
His Property.
This Move Is Seemingly Connected
With the Queer Suit Brought
by Pedro Ruiz.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 25.—
Augustus H. Den has transferred to his
bride, a daughter of Judge Devine of Sac
ramento, all of his valuable property in
this county, together with the California
Petroleum and Asphalt Company's lease
on the Den property at La Patera, and has
given her an unlimited power of attorney
so that she can, if she likes, dispose of all
his holdings at a moment's notice.
Mr. Den is the defendant in a sensa
tional suit lately filed by Pedro Ruiz, who
claims $24,000 for twenty-four years' care
and support of the young capitalist, whom
he declares he has reared from a child.
Whether the transfer is for tpe sake of
protecting Mr. Den from the claims of this
(suit is, of course, not stated in the records.
It is claimed in his behalf that he has for
many years supported the family of Ruiz.
ACTS UP TO ITS AAJUE.
The Stinger Joins the Rank* of Santa
Jiarbnra Xevctpapers.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 25.—
Santa Barbara received a lively shaking
up to-night through the appearance of a
new weekly paper called the Stinger, and
which acts fuily up to its name. The little
sheet handles matters local without gloves,
and strikes out from the shoulder at
prominent citizens and residents, while
promising more and livelier sensations
next ween.
While the editor of the new sheet is
nominally one J. A. Fowler of Summer
land, formerly connected with the Santa
Barbara Fire Department, and it is evi
dently printed at a safe distance from this
city at the office of a Sammerland paper,
there is a mystery regarding the people
hacking it with brains and capital, but it
is generally accredited to one or two bright
members of the City Council.
Mist Cooper* Debut.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 25.— A
cotillion was given at the Arlington last
night by J. W. Cooper, one of Santa Bar
bara's pioneer residents and most re
spected citizens, to celebrate the debut of
his daughter, Miss Bessie, who has for
several years past been a pupil of Miss
Head's school in Berkeley. Rear-Admiral
and Mrs. Beardslee and Captain Cotton of
the Philadelphia received with the parents
of the debutante and there was a big at
tendance of officers from the cruiser.
MERCED'S DEFVXCT HA.JSK.
Directors I! r moved from Office by lied*
a ion of Judge luixc.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 25.— The contest
for the ousting of the old directors of the
defunct Merced Bank was concluded yes
terday in the Superior Court, and to-day
Judge Law rendered a decision removing
them from office. The new directors will
be announced by Judge Law next Monday,
from a list agreed upon by the depositors.
The trial was begun last Thursday by the
Bank Commissioners. District-Attorney
Ostrander represented the Attorney Gen
eral for the plaintiffs, and J. F. Peck ap
peared for the directors.
The depositors feel much elated over the
decision, as they claim that the settlement
of the affairs of the defunct bank will now
proceed more rapidly and on a better busi
ness basis.
MERCED AJLA.RMED.
Valley Road Engineer* Are Surveying
Away from the City.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 25.— Surveyor Gra
ham |of the Valley, road is running a sur
vey from the ! Merced River northeast of
this city to join the line already staked to
the southward. Merced citizens have be
come somewhat nervous over this new
move, and it has served to spur them to a
more united action in regard to conces
sions to the company. A committee of
the : Valley Railroad directors will meet
the City Trustees and all others who wish
to be present next Thursday evening, at
which time the location of the road, as far
as Merced is concerned, will be settled per
manently. . .
Santa Rosa's Improvement Club.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., ; Jan. 25.— The
Santa Rosa Improvement Club met for or
ganization last night. D. E. McKinlay
was elected president; J. P. Overton, vice
president ' W. '„ J. Eardley. treasurer, and
H. Striening, secretary. ; ; The club has
about fifty members to start with, and: all
are full of enthusiasm for the work of im
proving the town.
WHITTIER SCHOOL
EXTRAVAGANCE.
Budd and the Examiners
Inveigh Against the
Management.
BILL FOR DENTAL WORK
The State Asked to Pay for
Repairs on the Teeth of
Inmates.
_
INSANE ASYLUM SCANDALS.
Wealthy Men Whose Wives Are Incar
cerated Accused of Commit
ting Bigamy.
SACRAMENTO, Cat-., Jan. 25.— "What's
this? An $80 dental bill for the Whittier
Reform School!" exclaimed Governor
Budd this afternoon during the session of
the State Board of Examiners. "An $80
dental bill, with a resident physician draw
ing a salary of over $700 per year from the
State! Well, now, this thing doesn't go
any longer. Why doesn't the regular doc
tor pull any teeth the inmates may have
no further use for?"
"Perhaps the board lias a pet dentist,"
quietly suggested Secretary of State
Brown.
"Well, if they have I want it understood
that from this time henceforth his occupa
tion as far as the Whittier School inmates
are concerned is gone. The physician must
pull all teeth in the future, and if hecan't
do it let them get some one who will.
This Whittier School is the most expen
sive institution in the State. The salary
list is enormous and must be cut down, and
it will be as soon as we get time to attend
to it."
"The directors of that institution are ex
tremely tony," interrupted Secretary
Markley. "Whenever they visit that in
stitution they always charge the State $1
for a carriage to the depot from their resi
dence and repeat the dose when they re
turn."
"Well, this institution and everybody
connected with it will get a thorough over
hauling when wo get down in the southern
portion of the State," remarked the ex
ecutive. "In the meantime just notify
those people that no more dental bills will
be allowed by this board."
"Here's a matter that ought to be in
vestigated immediately," declared Secre
tary of State Brown. "I have informa
tion that wealthy individuals from various
portions of the State have their wives re
tained in State asylums at the cost of the
State. In many cases tnese men are
worth $75,000, and that is not the worst
feature of the matter. These men have
remarried, and in doing so have com
mitted bigamy, as the law does not
acknowledge divorce proceedings between
sane and insane parties. iNow, they must
rspay the State for maintaining their true
wives, and should be prosecuted for
bigamy."
"I fully agree with yon," said Governor
Budd, "and we will attend to their cases
as soon as we start on our tour of investi
gation."
"Ah, this is something like,' 7 suddenly
exclaimed his Excellency, with a jimile of
satisfactiDn. "Here's a carload of brick
manufactured by the inmates at Napa and
shipped to the Asylum for the Feeble
minded at Glen Ellen. Now, that saves
the State at least $.3 a thousand, as we do
not have to pay for labor. I suppose the
outside manufacturer will object, but we
can't help that."
Then he read an opinion received from
Attorney-General Fitzgerald, which also
resulted in a benefit to the State's finances,
and the board adjourned in a very sunny
humor. The opinion was to the effect that
the claim of the University of California
for $2392 as semi-annual interest of di
verted funds should not be allowed, as it
was for interest at 6 per cent on $79,750
heretofore appropriated to the endowment
fund, but through mistake withheld and
used for other State purposes. As the
appropriation was not included in the title
of the act appropriating it the university
was not entitled to interest.
FINANCES OF STANFORD.
Associated Students Have Paid
Nearly All of the Old
Indebtedness.
One Result of Placing Affairs Upon a
Substantial Business
Basis.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat... Jan.
25.— The treasurer of the Stanford Asso
ciated Students (Lester Hinsdill '95) has
just published a complete statement of all
moneys handled by him during the first
semester of tho college year. The report
shows that the students' finances are in
better shape than for a number of seasons
pa?t and speaks well for the painstaking
treasurer.
The last college year ended with the
funds all gone nnd $2000 in debts outstand
ing. All but $700 of this indebtedness has
now been removed. At that time steps
were taken to put the entire student
finances on a substantial business basis,
with a plan for keeping strict account of
all expenditures and receipts. It was de
cided to pay the treasurer and football
manager fixed saiaries. The former was
put under heavy bonds, and in addition to
his salary and in order to increase liii
vigilance over all expenses it was decided
to allow him the opportunity to make $250
in case his net profits amounted to a speci
fied sum. The management proved en
tirely successful. Between $30,000 and
140,000 has been handled by the treasurer.
Stanford's share from the receipts of the
Thanksgiving game amounted (net) to
f4301 30. The miscellaneous expenses for
the season footed up to $3710 65. Camp's
expenses amounted to $1140.
For the past few days Stanford's heavy
weights have been at work throwing the
hammer and putting the shot. There are
three men here now who can toss the 16
--pound hammer 115 feet or over, and tne
prospects are for greater improvement.
The heavy rains have seriously interfered
with the work of trackmen and base
ballers. As aoon as the weather clears up.
athletes generally will go to work with a
will.
Just cow tlie oiftia is: "Wb»t
is the baseball management going to do to
raise funds for the season?" The answer
to this question will, in a large measure,
decide what sort of showing the men will
make in intercollegiate baseball matches
this season.
VISALIA RECEIVERSHIP.
H. Levinson Placed in Charge of the Affairs
of the City Water
Works.
VISALIA, Cat-., Jan. 25.— An important
suit was terminated to-day by Judge Cross
of the Superior Court ordering the appoint
ment of a receiver for the Visalia City
Water Works. The suit was brought by
the National Trust Company of Los An
geles against the water company and P. J.
Cooper, its secretary, and was bitterly
contested. The trust company claimed
that the funds of the water company had
not been applied as agreed, and that the
water company had defaulted in the in
terest on the bonds outstanding.
The court ordered that H. Levinson be
appointed receiver, and he was directed to
receive all revenue of the company and
pay the necessary operating expenses, but
no salaries to the officers of the company,
and from the surplus to pay all matured
and unpaid interest coupons of the bonds
mentioned in the complaint. He is then
directed to redeem the mortgaged prem
ises from the tax sale to be made on the
7th day of January, 1896, and also to pay
all maturing taxes upon the property.
The residue of the funds is directed to be
paid into the clerk ot the court, to await
further action on the part of the court.
The receiver is required to give a bond ia
the sum of $'2500 for the faithful perform
ance of his duties.
The water works is a paying property.
The receipts are about $1000 per month
and ttie expenses about $450. For this rea
son the bondholders brought suit to <li»»
cover why the interest on the bonds wai
not promptly paid.
til OKI. It TO JtJEATH.
Sudden Passing of Orrin Barr, a
l'hnn-rr of liaalia.
VISATJA, Cal., Jan. 25.— Orrin Barr, an
old resident of Visalia, died very suddenly
this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, choking to
death upon a piece of orange he was eat
ing before a physician could be sum
moned.
Barr came to Visalia in 1859 and has
been engaged in business here since. He was
a charter member of the Visalia Lod^e,
A. O. U. W., and on Tuesday evening of
this week was installed as one of the
officers of that order.
SUICIDE AT SAN DIEGO.
Officers Find the Body of a Man
Who Had Been Missing
Since Monday.
Henry Melvin Had Retired to a Couch
and Fired a Bullet Into His
Mouth.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 25.— The body
of Henry Melvin, an abstract writer, was
found this afternoon in bed in his room at
1133 India street. The house is an old
frame building, occupied by single men
who look after their own rooms. Melvin
had been acting strangely for some days
prior to Monday, and on that day he dis
appeared. Yesterday another roomer in
the bouse suggested to Chief Bienning
that Melvin's door be opened, as he feared
that something had befallen the man.
Chief Brenning forced open a window
and discovered Melvin lying in the bed,
his face covered with blood and a pistol
tightly gripped in his right hand, which,
was crossed over the otner on his breast.
He had been dead, evidently, for four or
five days. An examination of the body
and the effects in the room showed that
Melvin had taken plenty of time to make
away with himself. He wrote a note ana
left it where it would be found, and then,
going to bed, pulled the covers up to his
chin, placed the pistol inside his mouth
and fired. The bullet tore through the
upper part of his head, and death was in
stantaneous. The note read:
God is my judge. 1 had not wronged tno
girl Minnie. Let some one compel her to tell
the truth and tind the right party, for God
knows 1 am mnocent of that crime. *
H. Melvin.
Melvin had served a term in the County
Jail for battery upon a negro woman.
After ais release he lived at the place
where he was found. No one could be
found yesterday who knew of any girl
named Minnie with whom Melvin had
had any dealings. It was supposed that
he might have been out of his head when
writing the letter, as he had given plenty
of evidence of insanity before committing:
suicide. He attempted to shoot himsell
last Monday.
Melvin came to San Diego from Texas
nine years ago, and is understood to have
relatives in that State. He was of more
than ordinary intellieence, bat lost several
fine positions and was in poverty toward
the end. He was about 45 years of age.
"^ NEW TO-PAT.
I A man's health
1 carries him through
a\ the world. He de«
J^y pends on it for en«
JF&b joynient, for happi-
gf&K MSB ness, for success, for
G^A JHH the achievement of
r\ Mlfl^rf~ \ anything he has in
K^^^V&l hand. Americans
j@|S2g££wsgW take big chances.
/g|M2X~=«|jf fl Theyrisk everything
tmß am vwfl. II yin business. They
J%« ' I A hav c confidence in
Hviiß -111 7/ their brains and
Wg&S&y///// their ability. The
eS^S" American business
Kre»J3 .«rV^ man is active, flc:u«
— iWiKi^yble, elastic. Knock
% ™ a^ /IKS . / him down with fail-
[f-yJ/ftf la\ ure and he is up
/ IrilM hr ) a ? ain in a minute.
L ff/liVfl^lf -I As long as he keeps
\////jwn / his heaith ' failure
//// ff/j 7// 1/ / d °esn't mean any-:
JLffffl/ W/ I \ thin ? to him - He !
V, "/ '" *~J\ has lost a little time,
W**. *^ but that is all. If he
v f^ can keep his health,.
ill/ /lift ♦ he will 8:° on to sue
' T//' ■/ I cess. He feels sure
. , , . , " of that, and yet his
health is the very thing he neglects more
than anything else. His health is the rope
by which he climbs to success. It be-
hooves him to keep the rope in good con.
dition, and not to neglect broken strands,
When the rope of health breaks even a
little bit, it should be mended at once. It
is easier to keep health than it is to regain
it When a man feels himself running
down, when he realizes a loss of vitality
and energy, he must call a halt. He is on
a down grade. The strands of his rope
are parting rapidly.
Dr. Pierce 's Golden Medical Discovery
has helped thousands of men in just this
condition. It makes health, it makes pure,
rich blood, it forces out impurities and
kills germs. It doesn't make any differ-
ence what name you call your trouble by-
dyspepsia— kidney rheumatism-
consumption— skin disease, the "Golden
Medical Discovery " will cure it absolutely.
None of these diseases can retain hold oa
the body when it is full of rich, pure blood.
Every man who cares to keep his health should
have Dr. Pierces "Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser"— finely illustrated book of 1008 pages.
Sent to any address on receipt of 21 one-cent
■tamps to cover cost of mailing only. • ■ .--
Address, World's Dispensary Medical.
Association No. &} Main StXtct, Buffalo. V. X#
34
LOS ANGELES
RAILWAY NEWS.
Carlson's Control of the
Nevada Southern Is
Questioned.
CREDITORS WANT CASH.
They Will Hold the Line Until
Reimbursed for Their
Outlay.
COUNSEL DILLON'S STATEMENT.
He Says the San Diegan Has Had No
Dealings With the Present
Owners.
LOS ANG ELES, I -i., Jan. •-'.'>.— So much
Interest has been taken in the announce
ment of Mayor Carlson's new scheme for
building the Salt Lake Railroad that more
accurate information about it has been
I forward to. Inquiry at the office
of the California Eastern Railway Comp
any in the Stimson building has de-
I n<-\v facts. Rx-Diatrict Attorney
Dillon is tfaa attorney lor this company,
and from him the information i> obtained.
The Nevada Southern Railroad was sol<l
by the Sheriff of San Bernardino County
the receiver Of the Nevada Southern
Railway, on the 16th of October last, to K.
B. Anderson, a New York capitalist. Since
that sale the California Eastern Railway
any has become the owner of tho
interest of Mr. Anderson, and vrill extend
the- road to Good Springs, in Nevada, if it
is not redeemed before the 16th of next
April.
leral n. W. WoOdbnry of Denver,
whose family is now residing in this
city, is the president: EL S. Beibert is the
general manager; I. 15. Newton of Harper-
Keynolds Company is treasurer, and D. G.
of San Frincisco, I. 15. Newton
and H. C. Dillon of Los Angeles are the
resident directors.
The promoters of this railway have been
quietly at work for the last two years res
cuing the property from the mountain of
debt piled npon it daring tbe unfortunate
management of Isaac Blake. By success
ful litigation Dillon has succeeded in scal
ing down the debts of the old company
from $750,000 to $350.0i0 at the date of the
sale. These people have done no booming,
no advertising, have paid their own bills,
aud asked for neither credit nor loans.
From this same source it is learned that
Mayer Carlson has obtained a deed of con
veyance of the Nevada Southern Railroad
signed by Isaac E. Blake as president, but
as to the validity of this deed or what it
really conveys, or whether it even conveys
an equity of redemption, Dillon declined
to express any opinion. He did ?ay, how
ever:
"Mr. Carlson has not yet called on our
people and we know nothing of his inten
tions with respect to this deed beyond
what we have read in the daily papers-.
I'ntil we begin active operations in the
spring and during this period of redemp
tion, I represent the creditors of the old
Nevada Southern Railway Company. In
their interests yon may quote me as say
ing that we shall be very glad to have Mr.
Carlson redeem the road and pay us our
money. Four hundred thousand dollars
will pay us off, and the people generally
will be very glad to have this amount of
money in circulation at this time."
The Nevada Southern Railroad is an imp
ortant and necessary Jink in any road to
ilt between Los Angeles and Salt
Lake. It is well built, rock ballasted and
in first-class paying: condition at the pres
ent time. It is built into a country im
measurably rich in the precious metals,
coal and iron abounding, ia agricultural,
stock-raiinig and other resources known
only to the few who have personally ex
amined into them.
H4S ■• .HO-Y/.r TO JBVRS."
An English Tourist. Who Spend* Hun
dreds of Hollars Unity.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., Jan. 25.— the
register of the Hotel Westminster.written
in a cramped hand, is the name "W. G.
Reynolds, England." That came on the
business end of a check is good in any
bank in England and its exchanges in
America for several millions. Although
Mr. Reynolds spends on an average about
$300 a day while on his travels through
this country, he is very modest and will
not be interviewed or talked with. :
The people of the Westminster Hotel,
from the bellboys to Mr. Potter, one of the
proprietors, imagine Reynolds to be in
some way in interest witn Barney Bar
nato, the Kaffir King. A few months ago
Reynolds telegraphed from London to
Raymond & Whitconib for a special car
to see the sights in '-the States.'' ;
He added in the cablegram that he
didn't care about expense, but insisted
that he should have the finest special car
obtainable. The result was that Reynolds
is traveling about in the latest Pullman,
which is furnished in all the gorgeous
luxury of a miniature Aladdin's palace.
Reynolds didn't care to travel alone bo he
invited a few American friends whom he
met in London. He doesn't believe in
living in the magnificent car when there
are comfortable hotels about, so that is
why he always goes to a hotel when he
reaches a California town.
This morning an emissary of Reynolds
negotiated with the Santa Fe officials for a
clear right of way over the surf line to San
Diego. Reynolds wants a special engine
and wants to break the records. As a
"tipper he is a prince, and the employes
of the hotels he stops-at are considerably
richer for his arrival. Reynolds is spend
ing more money in Los Angeles than any
other tourist who has been here for a lone
time. 6 . :
SBPJSSTB RS&tmßMt ELECTION.
Captain Se.rney Elected to the lAetitenant-
Colonrley .
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., Jan. 25.-At an
election of field officers for the Seventh
Regiment held this evening thirty-two out
of a possible thirty-hix line officers voted.
Major M. T. Owens presided and Captain
H. D. Alfonzo acted as clerk. The result
of the ballot was as follows:
Lieutenant-colonel— L. T. Howlnnd of Po
mona, 15: Cuptain T. A. Kersey, 17
First major— ¥. C. Prescott of liedlands, 20-
C. S. Mc-Keivey of Santa Ana, 13,
Second major— E. R. Weller of Los Angeles
25 ; W. G. S<!hreiber of I.os Anjrcles. 3.
Third major— W. G. Schreiber of Los Angeles
13; diaries F. Fernald of hfa'nta Paula, 19.
t Brigadier-General C. F. A. Last, Colonel
John It. Berry and the rield officera-elect
delivered brief addresses. General Last
announced that the First Brigade would
probably go into camp here. The new
6tau officers are geographically well di
vided, Redlands, Santa Paulo, Los An
geles and Pomona being represented.
T- RIGHT EXi.l> THIi BURGLARS.
Miduiaht Visitors Driren Away by a
Plucky Servant Girl.
LOS ANGELE.S, Cal., Jan. 25. — Burglars
entered the residence of Albert Searles, in
the fashionable part of the city, at 1
o'clock this morning. A servant girl was
awakened by the noise, and seeing the
indistinct forms in the hull she cried out,
' Aivance one step and 1 will shoot you
full of holes."
Neither of the thieves lingered, but fled.
As they departed a bottle fell to the floor
with a great crash. They had opened a
bottle of whisky and were drinking it.
In the dining-room were found sundry
valuable articles of bric-a-brac, silverware
and valuables all done up in sacks ready
to be carried away. In their haste, though,
the burglars forgot their plunder. The
servant-jrirl bad no revolver or weapon of
any kind. £he 6irnplv ran a successful
"bluff."
The wholesale establishment .of General
C. F. A. Last was also entered by burglars
this morning. Stock to the value of several
hundred dollars and s9o in the cash-drawer
were taken.
Numerous burglaries are reported
throughout the city, but the police seem
powerless to prevent their recurrence, and
unable to detect the gang conducting the
successful operations.
CLOVE It O ALE'S CITRUS FAIR.
The Pavilion Heady for Exhibitors.
Evening Exercises Arranged.
CLOVERDALE, Cat,., Jan. 25.— The
Citrus Fair is mating great progress. The
pavilion is in shape to be turned over to
the exhibitors, t'i? decorating colors being
orange, green and white.
The evening exercises have been ar
ranged as follows: "Wednesday evening,
January I—Opening1 — Opening address by lion. E.
W. Davis, County Supetintendent of
Schools, followed by selections by the
Cloverdale brass band. Thursday evening
— Awarding of prizes and band concerts.
Friday — Closing address by George B.
Baerand grand ball by Cloverdale band.
The t'kiah cornet band of eighteen
pieces will play at the fair both afternoon
and evening of Friday, January 31. A
gala time is expected. The prices of ad
mission have been set as follows: Season
tickets, 60 cents; day season tickets, 25
cents, and general admission, 10 cents.
TO BENEFIT LIFE-SAVERS.
Bill to Retire Men on Half Pay
After Twenty Years of
Service.
Senator Perkins Promises His Sup
port When the Measure
Comes Up.
EUREKA, Cat,., Jan. 25.— A movement
has just been started here which will soon
spread itseli among all the Governmental
light-keepers throughout the United
States. The originator is Fred L. Harring
ton, keeper of ihe Trinidad headlight,
Hutnboldt County. The movement is con
oerned with a bill that will be presented to
Congress this session for the benefit of
the life-saving service. The bill as drawn
enables life-saving men to retire on half
pay after twenty years of service and pro
vides pensions for the widows and minor
children of men d3 r ing in the service.
Mr. Harrington proposes to interest
light-keepers all over the United States,
and have them intercede with the Senators
and Congressmen from their respective
States and districts so that the provisions
of the bill may be extended so as to include
light-keepers who have been faithful to
their post for a space of twenty years, or
who, should accident befall thara, could
leave a maintenance to their widows and
orphans.
Mr. Harrington has already begun his
work, and has just received the following
letter from Senator Perkins, at Wash
ington:
Dear Sir: Your letter regarding the proposed
bill for the benefit of purfruen I was glad to
receive. Tlie character of the work and the
hardships of men in your position I am per
fectly familiar with, as well as their services to
commerce.
When the bill ?hall rome up before Congress,
I will bear in mind the suggestions made by
yon. The lighthouse men on the Atlantic
should be urged to organize end create a pub
lic eentiraent in their favor witaout delay.
Very truly yours,
George 0. Perkins, U. S. S.
There are about 1032 of these light
keepers in the Government employ, of
which 152 are on the P&cific Coast. These
light-keepers feel themselves entitled to
this Governmental assistance which it is
proposed to extend to the life-saving
service branch, and will make an organized
fight to be included in the bill.
EVREKA'S 111TA.Z. 11A1Z,ROA.I>».
X*m Line Win a in Ita Clash With the
Old Corporation.
EUREKA, Gal., Jan. 25.— Judge Wilson
to-day dissolved the injunction of the Ar
cata and Mad River Railroad Company,
owned by Korbel Brothers of San Fran
cisco, against the newly incorporated rival,
the Eureka and Klamath River Railroad
Company. The injunction was brought
against the new company to restrain it
from entering upon lands or crossing the
track of the Arcata and Mad River Rail
road.
Great interest has been manifested in the
proceedings, and the crew of 156 men, laid
off as soon as the injunction was com
mencpd, wiJl be immediately put at work.
It is likely that Korbel Brothers will ap
peal from this decision.
SEATTLE'S ALLEGED EMBEZZLER
Shortage in the Accounts of ex- Clerk
Whitney of the School Hoard.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 25.— An account
ant employed as expert on « he books re
ported this afternoon that Harry Whitney,
ex-secretary of the School Board, ia short
in his accounts $1000 and possibly much
more. The directors have requested the
prosecuting attorney to issue a warrant
charging Whitney, who is said to be re
turnine to Seattle from a visit to Califor
nia, with embezzlement. It is intimated
that one or more former members of the
School Board are implicated with Whitney.
The disclosures, by reason of the social
prominence of the ox-secretary, have cre
ated a mild sensation.
Embezzlement at Calittoga.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 25.— A charge of em
bezzlement has been preferred against
Charles Rogers of Oalistoga, for the al
leged use of funds of a Native Sons parlor
when he was its secretary some time ago.
He is now in jail, his examination being
fixed for uext Tuesday.
ORE XEW RATTLE-SHIPS.
Congress Will JRuild as Many as Our
Finances Will Permit.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
opinion is expressed by members of the
House Naval Committee that the naval
appropriations bill for the coming fiscal
year will provide for two new battle-ships
and possibly three. The matter has not
been even informally discussed by the
committee, but so far as can be learned
the disposition is general to provide for as
many hrst-class fighting ships as the con
dition of the National finances will per
mit, it is expected also that the bill will
carry an appropriation for a number of
torpeoo-boats, probably as many as twelve
la ail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
A SENSATION
AT SANTA ANA.
Citizens Excited Over the
Arrest of Murderer
Southern.
STORY OF HIS CRIME.
Two Brothers Named Gleason Are
Instrumental in Effecting
His Capture.
SURE HE IS THE RIGHT MAN.
Remanded Without Bail and His Pre
liminary Examination Set for
Thursday Next.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Jan. 25.— The
capture of G. G. Southern by Sheriff J. C.
Nichols at Los Angeles last Saturday
night, as related in a special dispatch a
few days ago, caused one of the most
genuine surprises among our people of
anything in police circles here for yeara.
The crime with which Southern is charged
is the murder of Mariano Cuero, a Mexican,
in this city on the nieht of October 12,
1894. The Orange County fair was in
progress at the time, and there were many
strangers and tourists in town, some of
whom t^ok in the sights until very late,
which fact gave the Sheriff the evidence
upon which he arrested Southern, a year
and three months after his cowardly crime
was committed.
About midnight on the 12th a pistol shot
a couple of blocks west of the business cen
ter of the citj r startled those who were about
at that hour. With lightning rapidity the
report circulated that a man had been shot,
and quite a crowd soon collected near the
corner of Birch and Fourth streets, where
poor Cuero lay groaning with a bullet-hole
just under iiis heart. He had been shot
behind some billboards near by, and man
aged to drag himself to the corner, where
he fell. Several people who heard the
shot stated that they heard two men talk
ing in a quarrel just before the report of
the pistol; others had seen a horse being
driven rapidly westward from the scene of
the shooting, and a third story was to the
effect that a man had run straight north
directly after the shot.
Cuero was removed to the City Hall,
where he died about 3 o'clock, without
giving any further information about his
murder tnan that he was an "American."
Marshal Nichols (the present Sheriff)
worked hard for many days on clews
which proved to be entirely false, and at
last was about to give up the case when he
learned that two brothers named Gleason,
tourists from St. Louis, to which place
they had returned, had witnessed the
shooting from a point wnere they saw the
murderer so clearly that they could easily
recognize him again. A large amount of
correspondence passed between Officer
Nichols and the Gleasons, and when they
came to Los Angeles again thia winter
they were fully prepared to enter into the
case, from which they had before held
aloof at a critical time. Nichols had sus
picioned Southern as the man, and when
the Gleasons saw him they pronounced
him at once the murderer they had so long
carried in their minds.
A prompt arrest followed, which the
prisoner took coolly enough. Monday
evening Southern was brought to Santa
Ana by Sheriff Nichols and Deputy
Jack Landell, and on Tuesday he was ar
raigned before Justice Freeman, who re
manded him into custody without bail to
await an examination on January 30, at
which time some sensational testimony is
expected.
Southern formerly lived on a rented farm
in Newport, near Santa Ana, and on a
eood many occasions became troublesome
in town through drinking. When under
the influence of liquor he is extremely
reck Jess and ugiy and is a would-be bad
man whether drunk or sober. He was in
court three times between the date of the
murder and March 11 following, when he
went to Los Angeles; once for carrying
concealed weapons and disturbing the
peace, once for beating an old man named
Boiand and the third time for burglary.
Of the last charge he was acquitted. He
has never been in Santa Ana since last
March and undoubtedly considered him
self safe from the clutches of the law when
Marshal Nichols arrested him. As the
murdered man was almost a stranger here
and seemed to have no friends who took
much interest in the matter, the case was
soon forgotten by nearly every one, and its
sudden revival by the arrest of a former
well-known character for the crime created
a genuine surprise.
JUBILANT FARMERS.
Every Indication of Abundant Crop* in
Orange County.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Jan. 25.— The pros
pects for abundant crops in Orange County^
are excellent. The last rainstorms have
been of that easy, but continued character
that give the ground the full benefit of the
moisture. Many thousands of acres of
barley already sowed is growing finely
and farmers are working like beavers every l
where,' turning over and cultivating the
soil. The continued cold weather, which
ended about ten ' days ago, retarded the
growth of all vegetation, but the present
warm spell and the rains have given every
thing new life. From present indications
a better year was never ahead of Orange
County. -■-.'■ • °
♦ •:-■
WAXT JtETTEK FACILITIES.
Santa Ana People Going After Railroad
and Streetcar Companies.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Jan. 23.— A project
in railroad circles in Santa Ana is now
under way which, if accomplished, will do
much toward disposing of the tenacious
streetcar embroglio and establishing better
business conditions for the city.
The Southern Pacific and Santa Fe rail
way depots, while both in the eastern por
tion of the city, have been so widely sep
arated that it was necessary to lay a track
and operate separate streetcars to each.
City Clerk Tedford is now busily engaged
with a plan to induce the Southern Pacific
Company to remove its depot over to the
south side of Fourth street, directly west
of the Santa Fe depot and only about 100
feet west of that building. This would
not only put both roads on the same foot
ing for business, but would be a great
convenience to the traveling public,
amounting really to a union depot.
The city would take great pride in put
ting Fourth street, to the depots, in the
best of shape, and the expense of operat
ing one streetcar branch line would be
.saved. The leading citizens of Santa Asa
are in dead earnest about the matter, and
our people will certainly be keenly disap
pointed if the Southern Pacific refuses to
accede to their request.
The owners of the strestcar line, opera
tions on which have been suspended the
past two months, are eagerly awaiting de
velopments, and, if their franchise is not
declared forfeited by the Trustees, will
undoubtedly be ready to resume the line
and pave their portion of the street in case
the removal of the Southern Pacific depot
is made. The City Trustees have now se
cured an opinion that they can annul the
franchise of the street railway company as
a penalty for its failure to operate the sys
tem, and will commence proceedings in a
few days to compel a resumption of the
business or forfeiture of the franchise.
GUESTS OF SAXTA CRUZ.
Turn Verein Delegates Gathering for the
:.-. , '.Convention. ... - #
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 25.— Thirty
delegates to the State Turn Verein Con
vention arrived on the delayed trains to
night at 8:30 and 9:30 o'clock. They were
handsomely received by Santa Cruz Verein
and citizens. ,
In addition to the names of delegates
published in The Call Saturday morning,
the following arrived: From San Fran
cisco—H. C. F. Btahr, Wilhelm Jehna, S.
Mertens, Wilhelm Schoeppler and Otto
Thele ; from Sacramento— Schmidt,
Ferdinand Fischer, Oscar Hartig, Jacob
Lang, Gustav Kreger, Gottlieb Faig, Frank
Krebs; from Oakland— Theodore Gier,
E. Mueller and T. Uth; from San Jose-
Henry Roher, H. W. Otto, A. Cnrrlin, F.
Posky, E. Z. Popp, George Keffel and R.
Lenz; from Mary sville—G. Fleck and C.
Ros. . .
The Santa Cruz deleeates are R. Riecer,
Robert Effy, Conrad" Flacn and L. Wes
sendorf. Delegates from Stockton, Napa
and the Mission, San Francisco, Will be
here at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning,
when the convention will be called.
SAN DIEGO GRAND JURY.
Clifton E. Mayne's Accusations
of Bribery Found to Be
Groundless.
City Councilmen Are Exonerated After
an Exhaustive and Expensive
Inquiry.
SAN DIEGO, Cai.., Jan. 25.— The Grand
Jury of San Diego County, after thirty-live
flays' investigation, of county offices and
various charges brought before it, made
its final report to Judge Puterbaugh and
was discharged.
Two indictments were returned yester
day, which make nine altogether brought
in by the jury. They were against T. F.
Brown for grand larceny and Simon
O'Connell for attempted burglary. Brown
is alleged to have made a wholesale haul
of farming implements at El Cajon, and
O'Conuell is the hobo who was caught in
the act, of looting Wells, Fargo & Co.'a
office of this city. Both are in the County
Jail.
The other seven indictments returned
were: Four against Frank Wilson, three
for assault with intent to commit murder
and one for assault with a deadly weapon;
Savero Romero, assault with intent to mur
der; Thomas H. Dunkin, same charge, and
John B. Postema, grand larceny.
Much of the time of the jnrv was taken
up in \n investigation of "the charges
brought by the San Diego Flume Company
that certain members of the former anS
the present City Council had been guilty
of accepting bribes for their votes on the
water question. These charges were basjed
on affidavits made by the notorious Clifton
E. Mayne, who was lately sentenced to
the penitentiary for twents'-nve years for
wronging his young wards, the' Shipton
girls. Concerning these charges the jury
reports:
"Two weeks' time has been consumed,
seventy-five witnesses examined and stren
uous efforts made to procure evidence in
support of the charges preferred against
members and ex-members of the City
Council of the city of San Diego, accusing
them of bribery and accepting bribes for
their votes in favor of certain water propo
sitions pending before the Council. The
jury has been unable to obtain reliable
testimony or any evidence sufficient to
sustain Baid charges. It is very much to
be regretted that the county has been put
to such great expense in the total absence
of evidence to p^ove said shames."
THE Bir.J.lAMt TOURNAMENT.
Gallagher Wins .Bis Fourth Successive
Game, Defeating Mclaughlin,
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— The billiard
game of ; the tournament this afternoon
was the slowest and tamest of any which
has been played. Tke contestants, Mag
gioli and Capron, were in their poorest
form, especially the Canadian. It took
the St. Louis player, erratic as ever, thirty
six innings to score 400, while Capron got
a little over half, 208.
Gallagher won his fourth successive
game to-night, defeating McLanghlin with
ease, although much had been expected of
the Philadelphian since his winning stroke
developed. The score was 400 to 246, and
only in two innings on the Gallagher side,
when he scored 6$ and 40 with first-class
billiards close to the rail, did the game
rise above the commonplace.
To-night's game gives Gallagher first
place in" the tournament, unless Maggioli
defeats him in • the final ' game Monday
night, when there would be a tie between
them to be , played off. , If Hatley beats
Capron Monday "afternoon, which is likely,
there will be a tie between him and Mag
gioli for second money to be played off.
X,AVJICK TMJB WITHER.
Defeated Donovan JBefors the New York
Athletic Club.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— The mem
bers of the New York Athletic Club
crowded the gymnasium to-night to see
the third subscription boxing entertain
ment. Arthur Moore was referee. Johnny
Lavack of Cleveland and Con Donovan of
this city were slated for six rounds at 120
pounds.
Lavack was as quick as a flash, and had
such a powerful right that Donovan was
knocked to his knees in the first round. In
the second round Lavact drove his left to
the jaw repeatedly and finally sent his
right across the point of the chin with
such force that Donovan reeled against
the ropes, but before the Clevelander
could score a knockout Referee Moore
stopped the go and gave the decision to
Lavack.
«,
Skating Championship.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 25.— The one
mile skating race at Aurora Park this
afternoon for the championship of Minne
sota was won by Harley Davison in
2:27 4-5, with McDaniels second and Sud
heimer third. The five-mile champion
ship race, open only to Minnesota staters,
was contested by twelve men. Five yards
from the end of the course Davison col
lided with McDaniels. Nillson won, with
McDaniels second and Rudd third. Time,
16:13.
Victoria Joins the Jjeague.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 25.-Arrange
ments were practically completed to-night,
whereby Victoria enters the new Pacific
League of professional 'baseballists, with
every chance of making a strong light for
the pennant. The signing of players will
commence .Monday and a local syndicate
will send -representatives to the meeting
at Portland on Tuesday, when the schedule
will be drawn, ujbu
SAFE-CRACKERS
AT MONTEREY.
Burglars Use Dynamite on
a Southern Pacific
Strong Box.
METHOD OF AMATEURS.
The Ponderous Steel Door Blown
Through the Side of the
Building.
SECURE BUT A SMALL SUM.
Two Strangers in the City Are Sus
pected of Knowledge of the
Crime.
MONTEREY, Cat-., Jan. 25.— The safe
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany's station was blown open last night
and $33 70 in money taken. Agent Berry
left the depot last evening at 6:30 o'clock,
leaving everything safe and sound, as
usual, but on arriving at the depot this
morning at 6 o'clock he found the safe
deor, weighing fully 300 pounds, blown
completely from its hinges, through the
wall of the building and across a space of
fully 100 feet, where it landed on the beach.
The explosive used was dynamite or
nitro-glycerine, ana the burglars were cer
tainly amateurs, as they used three times
as much as was necessary. The sound of
the explosion was heard by people living
in the neighborhood and a searcn was in
stituted, but nothing of a suspicious nature
was found. The hour at which the explo
sion occurred must have been 1:40 a. an., as
the hands of the clock hanging just over
the sale had stopped at that time.
The robbers gained entrance into the
building by forcing the door of the waiting
room, which was secured only by an ordi
nary lock. A peculiar incident of the af
fair was the escape of a pet mouse which
was directly in the range of the flying mis
sile, but came off without a scratch.
The officers suspect two strangers who
have been around town for two days, one
of whom stopped at the St. Charles Hotel
Thursday evening, registering under the
name of F. T. Thomas of San Francisco.
From the appearance of the handwriting
it was dfsguisea. He left word with the
clerk to be called at an early hour this
morning, but when W. B. Higgins, the
landlord, went to awaken him the room
had not been occupied. A full descrip
tion of the suspected pair was sent by tele
phone to Sheriff Matthews at Salinas and
he came over on horseback about noon.
The authorities are confident that the
criminals cannot escape.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
New Bill for the Classification
of Mineral Lands in
California.
San Diego People Working for a
Military Reservation at
That Port.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— Tirey
L. Ford of San Ifrancisco, representing the
California Miners' .Association, said to a
Call correspondent to-night that he had
prepared a new bill for the classification
of mineral lands in California, and that
Representative Grove Johnson will pre
sent it in the House on Monday. It is
the measure drafted by the legislative
committee of the California Miners' As
sociation and.is known as "the committee
bill," and is practically the same act that
now applies to Idaho and Montana.
Mr. Ford is considering whether it will
be best to provide a board of three com
missioners for each of the nine land dis
tricts or whether two or more districts
may be combined, so that no more than
four or five boards will be necessary. The
objection to nine boards would be that the
$10 per diem for traveling and other ex
penses of the twenty-seven commissioners
would swell the total expenses to a con
siderable sum, and this is an economically
inclined Congress. It would require an ap
propriation of $100,000 per annum to pay
the salaries and expenses of the twenty
seven commissioners, and, apprehensive
that this might endanger the passage of
the bill, Mr. Ford is considering the ad
visability of providing for only four boards
or as many as there are under the Idaho-
Montana act.
The Secretary of the Interior has sent an
estimate of $40,000 to Congress 10 pay the
salaries and expenses of "the Idaho and
Montana boards, and this amount would
prabably be sufficient to classify California
lands. The bill, as originally drafted by
the legislative committee of the California
Miners' Association, only made provision
for one board (of three commissioners),
but it iB thought that three men would
not be a sufficient force. It would take
tnem too long to complete the work.
Mr. Ford will communicate witn mem
bers of the minors' committee in Cali
fornia and ask which bill they wish him to
urge, the one already introduced by John
son or one drawn on the lines above sug
gested. Mr. Ford has talked with nearfy
all the members of the California delega
tion and thinks they will be united in
support of all the bills prepared by the
Miners' Association. He believes that the
California people are practically united in
favor of such legislation.
"There is no trouble at the other end of
the hne (California)," he said, "and I hope
that our delegation in Congress will work
together in harmony. Ido not anticipate
there will be much trouble in passing the
mineral lands classification bill, but it will
require hard wort, united and determined,
on the part of our Congressional delegation
to induce Congress to pass our mining
bill which appropriates over a million
dollars. Speaker Reed has already an
nounced that strict economy in public ex
penditures is to be therule, and I tind man v
Congressmen echoing his sentiments, for
he is the king bee of the House."
San Diego people are urging the estab
lishment of a military reservation there
They have been sending in letters and pe
titions since Congress met, and this morn
ing communications were received by each
California Senator ana Representative ex
plaining the need of fortifications and re
minding them that the site given to the
Government by the citizens was yet un
occupied.
Senator Perkins, in reply to the Cham
ber of Commerce to-day, had this to say :
. "I am fully aware that all you say'is
true, and that a port of such importance
, aad with, tJie jprosyect of »ucl* anj
increase in commerce as it has
should no longer be left open to
attack from any kind of force that might
be brought against it. Before your letter
was received 1 had brought tothe notice
of the Secretary of War the exposed con
dition of San Diego and had requested him
to inform me whether the military reserva
tion could not be utilized by the establish
ment there of a military post. His
answer was received to-day, which I in
close herewith :
My D'ar Sir— ln response to your letter of
the 13th inst. respecting the fortifications of
San Dicpro harbor, and asking "whether it is
not in the power of the War Department to
establish a military post on the reservation
which was set apart for this purpose on Point
Loina," I bee- to state that no appropriation is
now available for the coast defense proposed
for the city and bay of Han Diego. Should ap
propriations be made by Congress the engineer
department proposes to expend about $400,
--000 on these works during the first eighteen
months after the money should become avail
able.
When the works shall have been sufficiently
advanced for occupation by troops it will be
necessary to provide accommodation for an
artillery garrison; but as yet it has not been
determined whether this* garrison shall be
established at one point or at two or more
points convenient to the separate branches.
Thus the establishment of a garrison depends
upon the construction of lortifications, and
the latter depends upon appropriations made
for that purpose. It is not necessary to add
that the defenses of the Pacific Coast, as well
as of other frontiers of tne country, are being
completed as rapidly as the means placed at
the disposal of this department will permit.
Very truly yours, Daniel S. Lamont,
Secretary of War.
*You will observe that the Secretary of
War seems to realize that there is need
that something should be done without
delay in the way of providing fortifications,
and that lack of money will aione prevent
the commencement of work. You will
also observe that the question of providing
defenses has apparently been under con
sideration and that plans have evidently
been prepared. Whether the work which
is referred to by the Secretary of War will
be commenced this year or not depends, as
he points out, on the action of Congress in
regard to appropriations. The Chamber
of Commerce may be assured that all of
the delegation to Congress from California
will use every effort to secure the passage
of the bills referred to."
Senator Perkins will introduce a bill ap
propriating $35,000 for a lighthouse and
fog signal at Point Arguella, twelves miles
nortn of Point Concepcion.
L. E. Holloway has been appointed
Postmaster at Larwill, Cal.
Senator White is in Baltimore.
Judge Maguire is in New York.
Pensions have been issued as follows:
California: Original — Thomas Murpny,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; Charles L.
Boell, San Francisco. Increase— Thomas
E. Boyd, Winters; William Wiard, Sacra
mento.
Oregon: Original— Charles B. Prather,
Hosier. Additional — John K. Sterling
Holley.
Washington: Original — William H.
Cable, Spokane Bridge. Original widow—
Lydia F. Ketchum. Kiowa.
WOMAN SVFSItAGE CONGRESS.
Report* of Work -in ths Field From the
Organization Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— Miss
Anna Shaw of Philadelphia, in the ab
sence of Susan B. Anthony, presided over
this morning's session of the Woman Suf
frage Congress, which was devoted to
reports of work in the field from the or
ganization committee raised by Mrs. Catt
of Itew York, chairman, who, in a sum
mary of what had been accomplished,
showed that 510 meetings had been held,
nine State conventions held and ten State
associations organized. Aid in the way of
organization has been given to thirty-one
States. Over 100 clubs have been organ
ized.
The afternoon session was devoted to a
discussion of the methods adopted by the
organization to secure the right to vote in
State and National elections.
The evening session was known as "State
Presidents' Evening," being given over to
ten-minute addresses by the presidents of
various State organizations. Among the
speakers were Sirs. Helen Colby of Ne
braska, Mrs. Whitney of Missouri, Mrs. .7. '
P. Williamson of Nevada, Mrs. 11. W.
Southard of Oklahoma. Mrs. Caroline Ever
hard of Ohio and others.
A silk banner was presented to the
suffrage society of Philadelphia as having
the largest local organization in the so
ciety, numbering some 400 members.
Heath of Mrs. Lincoln.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.-News
ha 3 been received here of the death at
Atlanta City of Mrs. Mary Price Lincoln,
wife of Colonel Charles P. Lincoln, form
erly Assistant Commissioner of Pensions
and prior to that United States Consul to
China. Mrs. Lincoln was taken ill shortly
after Christmas.
Annual Cycle Shore.
NEW YORK, K. V., Jan. 25.-The an
nual cycle show of the National Board of
Trado which was opened at Madison
square Garden last (Saturday night, cam*
to a close to-night. The show was a suc
cess in every particular.
Football at San. JToae.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 20.-The Normal
and University of the Pacific elevens
played a game of football this afternoon
ending with a score of 6to 6. The game
was marked by heavy line bucking on
both sides.
Reputation
Is no transient bubble, but a concrete mass
accumulated piece by piece through years of
toil, caution and fair dealing.
Joy's
Is the place for Patent Bemedles, Drugs,
Perfumes and Toilet Articles. At "JOY'S
WHAT YOU GET IS, GOOD."
Here are a few prices indicating
our moderation in charges;
SOAPS
Buttermilk Soap, 10c; Queen Lily, sc; King
Cocoa Vath Soap, 10c; Cuticura Soap, 15c
Pierce'i Favorite Prescription. 65c; Lydia
Pinkham's Compound, 65c; Paine's Celery
Compound, 60c; INo-To-Bac, 65c- Syrup of
Figs, 35c; Italian Fig Juice, 25c; Big G, 65c-
Allcock's Plasters, 10c; Sponges, 10c'
Strengthening Plasters, 10c
Prescriptions
Should be accurately compounded and fresh
drugs used. To be sure that you got wn'at
the doctor orders go to a druggist In whom
you can place absolute reliance. Prices
should be a secondary consideration.
At Joy's
You may rely on getting just what thedoctor
writes— no more, no less.
AT JOY'S you can have your prescription
made up at a fair-a reasonable price
JOY himself fills Hip prescriptions daily.
•THE BEST" HOT WATJfifi BOTTLE
1-qt., 50c; 2-qt., 55c; 3-qt., 60c; 4-qt., 65c
JOY'S BALDWO PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ORDERS BY MAIL AT ABOVE PRICES.
il MANHOOD RESTOREBS^:
■ (Tv^rT X* -^ i«» «on Of a famous French physician, will quickly cur. voif nf «f?°«
m\\\ s\) \f\ " \T TOU 3 or diseases of the generative onrans mirheVf v?.?!* 11 ner-
m \ #^tL T '■W' m P es, TTnfltness to Marry, Exhaustin"lJrkln« \^i?^Ei tlUU3r J '
WA XT' Jr V' ""/ Constipation. It stops alllosses by day or BlehtP^ 00 ?* 1 * *"<*
M \-/ v *^*-i/ ness of discharge, which If not checked fe2d« faf «LJ^7 en ? l ul <*-
I BEFORE ... AFTER fi^ns^JSß«S!U^d2SSS'=»SB«a
■"■ CITPIDESE strengthens and restores small weak organs. - vu *" »' •
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors is because ntnetr tier r»nf «~. *— . ; .. ,
Proit.itl ti«. CUPIDEXE la the only known remedy to cure tSS? t b ***>
als. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not oh^ i 800 ° testlmoni.
f LOO a box, six for |5.00, by mall. Send for circular Md testimonial TT 0 * * Pe»nx»neat «ur»
Address DAVOI. MEDICINE CO., 632 Maricet street, San Francisco Cal For Sale
BBOOKS- VHABMAOY. 119 row*U.tSl
In // /' H 4A » « \\\ iV
It is the waste that yon must stop. "When 70a
find your nerves becoming weaker and weakei
day by day, when you find your jarring nerves
do not respond to the exigencies of time of
! place, it in then time for you to use a remedy
| that will make you a really strong man. Had-
| yan will do it. Use the great Hudyau for Con-
j stipation, Nervous disorders, Liver and Kidney
I troubles, ana have yourself restored.
. Send for FREE Circulars and
Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED ntOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
I ■ore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth,
I Did sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
i to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of tho .
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis St«.
lilVEß— When your liver Is affected yo»
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
I discontented. You will notice many symptom
that you really have and many that yon really,
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
j it from us. Write for book on liver troubles.
' "All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sta.
| KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
| many men, because so many men live rapt*
; lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
I have your kidneys put in good order send for
j our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneyi."
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
| OR. PIERCES GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Patent; contains all improvements
and is sold at one-half tbe price asked for inferior,
I but much-advertised electric belts.
The results accomplished by Dr. Plerce's bells
I are simply wonderful, thousands of cares having
been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief. >
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
Inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
Plerce's belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these goods with, all others I* re-
spectfully invited of all Intending purchasers of an
Electric Belt. A3- Call or write for free I'auph-
ucx No. 2." Address
DKS. PIERCE & SOX,
704 Sacramento Street.
2d, 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENT
■
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonus.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-L' proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both inclusive, of
tbe denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day or January,
1906, or at any time before that date, at the
pleasure of said county, In gold coin of the United
States, with interest theroon at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable seml-aunually.on th#
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and Interest payable at the office
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
Said bonds having been issued in conform:- wlta
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of super-
visors of Kings County dated December 8, l *»$»»,
and January 6, 1896, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by tbe provisions of ami in
accordance with an act of the Legislature of th«
State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Uovern-
ment," approved March 24, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
value and accrued Interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds." .
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. SLAVIN,
County Treasurer.
DR.WOMWOO JK^
Chinese Drug* /H^^^NwSJ^
and Tea and .Herb Bg ■
Sanitarium, Wif iT J
776 CLAY STHKKT, gL .*■>* 9
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, Kfcl 4E!^- CL
San I'rancisco. Ft **»* /W ■
I was very sick to* two WA v • ' fff
years. I was suffering ft&fipp% •*> •.
from inflammation of thtlrHH ' » *J 2
lungs and of tho liver. 1 f wß*iS J
have consulted other doc- Ia > \|j**C ,
tors and could not explain H&J^^-^sMHf \ l.rfß
my sickness. Being I ' l Hffjfflfflßßgay hf^u
San Francisco I heard 01 EsM^SKrISKS*.^ 6BL
the Chinese doctor, Jl r.^Wi|f|*S?SsffSw3«i»
Wong Woo and called on '^^^ViiV'KrVrvfiLCLSß
him lor 34 days and was red. lam enjoyinethe
best of health. Respectfully yours, CAROL!
CAKLO. 626 Green St., S. F. 17th Dec, 1895
Office hours: 9:30 toll A , m.; 1t03,7 to 9 'p. *.KNIGHTS LANDING
IS THREATENED.
Sacramento River Reaches!
the Highest Point of
the Season.
BBEAK IN THE LEVEE.
Large Force of Men Unable to
Prevent an Overflow of
the Torrent.
THE TOWN WILL BE FLOODED.
Backwater Is Steadily Rising and
Forcing the Stream Over
the Banks.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— The Sacra
mento River at Knights Landing is 8 rag
ing torrent, and has reached its highest
point this season. It is now at a stand
still. That it is not rising at present is
owiug to a big break that occurred this
afternoon in the levee just below town.
A large force of men is at work attempt
ing to repair the break, but the labors to
prevent an overflow will be practically
useless, as the backwater is steadily ris
ing and the river is several feet above its
banks.
A telephone message received here at 8
o'clock to-night from Knights Landing
cays that the town will be flooded before
morning despite all efforts.
TULARE COVMTI'S GAIX.
Farmer* Will Increase Their Acreage
H> cause of tlie Rainfall.
VIS ALIA, Cal., Jan. 25.— The rain to
day amounted to .26 of an inch, making
for the storm 2.34 inches, and 4.37 for the
season. Farmers are busy sowing grain,
and the indications are that a large acre
age will be planted. There is every indica
tion of an immense yield of fruit, and
orcliardists are happy.
The rise in the price of grain, reported
by The Call, has given the people new
hope, and if the price is maintained, many
of the local ranchers will have money to
loan when their crops are harvested.
Merced Drenched.
MERCED. Cal., Jan. 25.— 1t rained very
hard from 9 o'clock thia morning until
noon to-day, and this evening the sky is
clear of clouds. The sum total of the rain
fall ior this season is up to the amount re-
I at this datf last year — nearly eight
inches. The farmers and stock-raisers are
jubilant over the prospects.
A BOW AT ST. HELENA.
Mayor Childs Tweaks the Pro
boscis of Editor Fair
child.
Refrains From Slaying the Man Who
Had Cruelly Wounded His
Feelings.
ST. HELENA, Cal., Jan. 25.— Editor
Lee FairchiM, the "funny man of the
Estee campaign," and Mayor Childs of
this city have never been friends. In fact,
they have been eying each other askance,
and at least one has been calling the other
names ever since they first became ac
quainted. St. Helena as a consequence
was not unduly surprised to-night when
the news was circulated that the Mayor
had tweaked the funny man's nose and the
latter, realizing that he had been insulted,
had drawn a revolver, but magnanimously
refrained from scattering bits of his an
tagonist's skull and bra;ns over the side
walk.
Since the advent of Lee Fairchild as ed
itor of the resurrected St. Helena Sentinel
that paper has treated the Town Trustees
in a jocular and sarcastic way that has not
found favor with them. .Last week a large ;
number of bills were ordered paid, for j
which the Mayor refused to sign the war
rants because of a lack of money in the j
general fund. A special meeting of the ;
Irustees was called for the purpose of ;
transferring enough money from the sewer
fund to the general fund to meet the city's
obligations, but the Mayor at a special
meeting refused to be a party to such ac
tion and nothing was done.
For this the Sentinel declared that
Mayor Childs "did not know a yellow dog
from a ripe pumpkin." The Mayor thought
he did. He was absent in San Francisco
until this evening, and on returning home
met Editor Jr'aircnild in front of the Wind
sor Hotel. He wanted to know why he
was thus assailed; in fact, why he was
continually assailed by Mr. Fairchild
through the columns of his newspaper.
"What are you going to do about it?"
asko'i tne humorous scribe.
Mayor Childs replied in deed, not in
word. He pulled the editor's nose.
Fairchild drew a pistol from his pocket
and pres«<;d the muzzle against ths Mayor's
bosom. Bystanders closed their eyes in
anticipation of the murder that was about
to be committed, but opened them again I
when the explosion failed to occur. The
Mayor dared his man to ohoot, but |
Faircuild's pacific nature asserted itself, !
an J ho pocketed the instrument of death j
and walked away.
->OT AMERICA* CITIZENS.
Many Engineer* on Our Ocean Steam.'
r xltif.-,  r British Subjects.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. 25.—
sub-coratrlittee of the innate Committee
on Commerce held a meeting to-day.
John W. Bryant of the Western Water
ways Association laid before them the
memorial of that association, urging
further improvement of the Mississippi
River.
A favorable report was ordered onFrye's
P. 1 ). 1 amending the navigation laws. The
i".., which is general in character, simpli
- 1" existing statutes and repeals many
urn are now obsolete. Andrew Furusetn
01 ban Irancjsco, president of the Sailors'
Union of the Pacific Coast, addressed the
committee on this bill with special refer
ence to laws relating to shipping articles.
George Uhler, pr es dent of the National
-Marine ; Engineers' Beneficial Association,
addressed the committee for almost an
hoar in favor of Mr. Squires' bill making
engineers on ocean steamships officers and
reauiring that they be American citizens.
A large number of engineers now tempo
rarily in Washington were present. While
a number o! the engineers of the new
American line had become naturalized cit
izens Mr. Uhlcr called attention to the fact
that nine or ten of those engineers were
still British subjects and live in England.
SILVER DOLL A X COINAGE.
Order* Sent to the Mint at Philadelphia,
yew Orleans and This City.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— Orders
were sent to-day by Mint Director Preston,
by direction of Secretary Carlisle, to the
mint superintendents at Philadelphia,
New Orleans and San Francisco to resura c
the coinage of silver dollars from the
silver bullion purchased under the act of
July 14, 1890. The amount of silver bul
lion to be coined monthly, "until further
orders." is $1,500,000, divided between the
three mints as follows: Philadelphia,
|900,000; New Orleans, $500,000; San Fran
cisco, $100,000.
Under the act of 1890 the treasury has
on hand $177,000,000 of silver bullion,
against which there are $137,000,000 of
notes outstanding. Of the bullion pur
chased under this 'act $40,000,000 has been
coined.
A BRILLUXT JEVEyT.
The Gridiron Club's Anniversary Din
ner at the Arlington Last Sight.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
eleventh anniversary dinner of the Grid
iron Club was given to-night at the Arling
ton and was the most brilliant effort this
club has ever made. Those present in
cluded Chauncey M, Depeir, Justice Brown
of the United States Supreme Court, Vice
president Stevenson, Senators Gorman,
Hill, Pettigrew, Elkins. Bboup, Thurston
and 'Wilson, Representatives Cannon,
Crisp, Savers and Smith, Secretaries Mor
ton and Smith, Charles Emory Smith of
Philadelphia, Felix Angus of Baltimore
and many others. There were 169 who
sat down to dinner.
OUR FOREIGN TREATIES.
: Congressman Tatcney's Resolution to In
quire Into Their Status.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
I sub-committee of the Ways and Means
' Committee on reciprocity and commercial
I treaties wish to have the committee em
j powered to inquire into the status of our
, treaties with foreign countries. Tne mat
ter was brought to the attention of the
[ sub-committee in a resolution by Tawney
of Minnesota, and he has practically
agreed to report the resolution favorably
to the full committee at its next meeting.
«,
CLAIMS OJS" CASAMAX SEALER S.
Suggestion* as to Payment for Seizure*
Approved by the British.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 25.— The
suggestions for the settlement of the
; claims of Canadian sealers seized prior to
I the sitting of the Paris tribunal of arbitra
tion, through the appointment of a com
! mission, have been approved by the Brit
: isn Government and its acceptance was
! formally laid before Secretary Olney
! to-day by Sir Julian Paucefote, the British
; Embassador. The next move in the mat
j ter will be the submission of the plan
agreed upon between the two Govern
: ments to Congress for it* approval.
♦
ARMOR PLATE OVERCHARGES.
j Alleged, Irregularities in the Aarj/ He
partment Being Looked Into.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.-The
Senate Committee on Naval Affairs, now
engaged in investigating alleged irregu-
I larities in the Navy Department relative
; to overcharges for armor place and the
patents issued thereon, etc., held a secret
session this morning. Commander Folger
had been summoned, but failed to appear.
: The evidence submitted was all docu
: rnentary and its character is held in con
fidence by the committee until its finding
( is made public.
The Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
treasury gold at the close of business to
day stood at $49,501,961; withdrawals for
the day, $88,000.
Consul-General Hong.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.-The
President has recognized Fung Yueng
Hong as Consul-General of China in San
Francisco.
FAILURE OF A LARGE FIRM.
Heavy Judgment) Confessed by the Wagrj-
Anderson Company.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— 1n tne Circuit
I Court to-day the Wagg-Anderson Woolen
i Company, wholesale dealers in woolens,
confessed judgment for $50,000. The lia
bilities of the company amount to between
$350,000 and $400,000. After the first con
fession of judgment had been entered in
court two more confessions were entered,
amounting to nearly $25,000. The largest
judgment is for $20,446 in favor of Gilbert
Anderson. The statement is made for the
bankrupt firm that the assets will equal
the debts, but as usual a large part of these
assets are in boos accounts which could
not be collected in time to avert the crash
and which are of doubtful cash value.
Lack of business and too liberal credit are
given as the reasons for the failure. The
company was one of the largest woolen
concerns in the West, having done in good
times a business of $3,000,000 to $4,000,000
a year. The collapse caused general sur
prise in financial circles. The Sheriff took
possession of the Madison-street place of
business, where a $300,000 stock is stored.
The firm under another name has been in
business for many years.
A THRIFTY CORPORATION.
Accused of Watering Its Stock and Other
Uoubtful methods.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25. — Attorney-
General Moloney this morning brought
: into the Circuit Court his petition for
leave to file an information against the
Illinois Steal Company. He did not file
tne information, but held a consultation
i with Judge Tuley for the purpose of hav
i ing one &f the Judges assigned to hear his
; case. Mr. Moloney said that Judge Tuley
j would make the assignment on Monday.
The petition recites the incorpora
! tion of the company to acquire the proper
ties known as the North Chicago Rolling
Mill Company and the Union Steel Com
pany, and alleges that the defendant com
| pany has usurped its powers by issuing
! capital stock greatly in excess of that of
the combined corporations and by acquir
' ing much more real estate than is required
ito carry on its necessary business. For
j these reasons the court is asked to dis
■ solve its corporate existence.
SALVATION PEOPLE PROTEST.
The American. Army Does Hot Like the
Recall of tne Booths.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— The order
recalling Mr. and Mrs. Ballington Booth
has caused almost a revolt in the Ameri
can branch of the Salvation Army. A
great mass-meetin_' to protest will be held
February 3, at which Chauncey M. Depew
will preside. Ihe movement started with
the Auxiliary League.
Letters of sympathy have been received
from the following members of the Auxil
iary League in California: Mrs. Leland
Stanford; the Rev. Dr. Briggs of Santa
Cruz; the Mayor of San Jose, Cal. ; Judge
Campbell of San Francisco; Mayor Sutro
of San PVancisco; Professor Jordan and
Dr. Hood of Leland Stanford University;
(i. S. Montgomery of Alameda County,
Cal., and Hon. W. E. Hale, warden ol San
Quentin Prison, Cal.
JUra. leaie Very 111.
WINDOM, Minn., Jan. 25.— Mrs. Mary
E. Lease is in a very critical condition as
a result of pneumonia, but her physician
thinks she will recover. All her lecture
engagements in Minnesota hare been can
celed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
SAN DIEGO TO
FETE MARINES.
Preparing to Entertain the
Cruiser Philadelphia's
Officers.
IX BEARDS LEE'S HONOR.
Monster Parade of Bluejackets
and State Militia Will
Take Place.
FIELD SPORTS AND A BALL.
The Fighting Monterey Expected to
Be Present During the
Festivities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 25.—Prepara
tions are being made for a monster mili
tary parade in this city early next month
in honor of Rear admiral Beardslee and
Cleaning, Drying and Bundling Whalebone in the Yard of the Pacific Steam Whaling Company at the
Potrero.
\Drawn by a "Call" artist from a photograph.]
the flagship Philadelphia. The cruiser
will arrive here on Tuesday, and it is ex
pected that the Monterey will soon follow.
The preparations for the parade are on
a larger scale than generally known. It is
expected to be the largest pageant of a
purely military nature ever held in South
ern California, and probably 2000 will be
in line.
The first division of ihe Seventh Regi
ment, N. G. C, the third division of
Naval Battalion, Company H, First In
fantry, and a half dozen companies from
various parts of Southern California, are
to be in line, besides local military com
panies and the marines and sailors of the
Philadelphia and Monterey, if the latter
vessel is in port on tl>at day. It will be
called "Pnilr, 'elphia day" and will be a
sort of hoi •• v. Elaborate preparatians
are being made by committees of the
Chamber of Commerce and of the military
organizations in the city.
Captain R. V. Dodge of Company B,
Seventh Regiment, went to Los Angeles
to-day to mane final arrangements for the
visit of militia companies from that city.
The excursion to this city during the
Philadelphia's stay will probably be on
February 8, and an immense crowd is ex
pected. Arrangements are being made for
entertaining the visitors by aide excursions
to neighboring points of interest. Wheel
men and others interested in wheeling
will enjoy a bicycle meet at Coronado, and
a tug-of-war between local teams, army
and navy teams and others will afford
plenty of sport.
A military and naval ball will be given
at Hotel del Coronado. Other features of
a genuine fiesta will be prepared.
SLAIN BY IMfIAXS.
The Body of a Min-r Found in the Dry
Bed of PUaeho Creek.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 25.— Evidence
of a cold-blooded Indian murder was found
on the desert last Tuesday by Jose Garcia
j and A. D. Ray of this city, who were on
I their way to Picacho placers below tho
• line. In the dry bed of Picacho Creek
| south of the mountain of that name they
! came across the remains of a white man,
j the flesh half gone from the face and a
i ghastly wound over one eye.
Garcia, who is an old Indian trailer
I took in tne situation at a glance. Prints
of the bare feet of Indians were discovered !
leading down the arroyo, and a number
of the tracks were to be seen surrounding
the body. There was no evidence of a
struggle and it was apparent that the
wound, whether caused by a rifle bullet or
a hatchet, had caused death instantly.
The body was clad only in a "jumper" and
overalls, and the "jumper" had been drawn
out of the overalls and the belt pushed up
under the arms. Coyotes had not touched
the body, though birds had preyed upon
the face.
Garcia and Ray took careful note of the
body and the conditions surrounding it
and continued on to Hie placers, which are
on the edge of the desert. There they told
of their find and learned that the body was
that ot an Italian, Bartoli Potesti, who had
been mining at Picacho. Potesti was
known to n ave $500 or $MX) in a belt which
he co nstantly wore. He left Picacho over
a month aj;o to walk to this city, where he
expected to buy a dry-washer. He iold a
Mexican named Llera that he waa afraid
to stay alone at his camp and intimated
that attempts had been made to rob him.
Llera said that he found two Indian
ollas at Potosti's camp, which he con
sidered a Bign that the Indians had been
there.
Victor Pinto, a Mexican outlaw, told
Llera some days before the body was dis
covered that Potesti had been killed by
Indians. He did not give his reasons for
knowing this, and he was suspected of
being implicated in the murder. The
footprints, however, are those of Indians,
without doubt.
The spot where the body lay is about
thirty miles from Jacumba and six miles
below the Mexican line.
MUST HAVE A LOW RATE.
Knight* of Pythias May Mot Hold Their
Convention at Minneapolis.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 25.— The as
sembly council of officers of the Supreme
Lodge of the World, Knights of Pythias,
met at the Grand Hotel in this city this
afternoon. A resolution was unanimously
adopted providing that no encampment
be held in Minneapolis next August un
less a guaranteed rate of 1 cent a mile is
secured. The resolution further provides
that unless such guarantee Is in the hands
of the supreme chancellor by February 15
he shall notify the assembly members by
wire, whereupon the assembly shall con
vene in Cincinnati, February 22, for the
purpose of changing the place of the con
vention of the Supreme Lodge.
TRAMXQ JA 31 Ale WHEAT.
Armour Given Credit for a Flurry in the
Chicago Pit.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— Trading in !
May wheat on 'change to-day was of a
highly excitable kind. Big traders
stormed and added to the turmoil of the
pit in their anxiety to find the key to the I
situation. May wheat opened at 63}-£ j
cents and went by spurts up and down j
until it had gained the 65%-cent mark, '
near the close of the short session. Scalp- :
ers cleaned up quick profits and brokers
freely creditea Armour influences with the
responsibility for the lightning-like
changes. The market steadied at the top
figure and fell off a quarter at the close.
This gave the market a 8-cent rise in two
days and 5 cents in the week.
There was no abatement of the excite
ment for more than ten minutes at a time
during the whole session, and the know
ing ones were whipsawed half a dozen
times. Every J^-cent advance appeared to
the talent to" be the climax. The fluctua
tions were caused by brokers rushing into
the pit at the same 'moment, as if on a pre
concerted signal, and the brokers thought
Armour was getting revenge for the tun
which was poked at him on 'change for bis
threat to swamp the trade in December
with deliveries.
Schooners Probably Lost.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Jan. 25.— The
schooner Falcon, owned by Ernest Wons
ton, which sailed from this port November
23 on a codfishing trip to the Georges, has
never been heard from and her owners to
day gave her up for lost. She carried a
crew of ten men.
The schooner John W. Bray, seventy
five tons, owned by John F. Wonston &
Co., which sailed from here on a codfish
ing trip on November 17, has never been
heard from. The crew numbered fourteen
men.
Fire in a Brass Foundry.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 25.— Early
this morning a fire broke out in the H. C.
Rouse block, on Frankfort street. It
caused a loss of $20,000. The fire started
on the floor occupied by Rouse & Hill's
brass foundry.
Snow and Hard Times.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Jan. 25.— The worst
snowstorm in twenty years was experi
enced here for the past four days and some
of the drifts in the streets are ten feet
high. Business is at a standstill. Hun
dreds of men are begging labor or bread.
The public offices are crowded with unem
ployed and many business concerns are
discharging their employes owing to the
depression.
Death of Publisher MacmWan.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 25.— Alexander
Macmillan, one of the two brothers who
founded the publishing-house of MacMil
lan <fe Co., is. dead. He was born at Upper
Carrie, in the island of Arran, Scotland
in 1815. '
CHICO ATHLETIC CLUB.
Organised With a Healthy MemberMhip
and. a Profeational Teacher.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 25.— An organization
t of prominent citizena and business men
| was formed here yesterday to organize an
! athletic club. Several hundred dollars
were subscribed at once for the purpose of
providing the necessary paraphernalia to
furnish the club and its rooms with an
outfit equal to any interior club in the
State. Great enthusiasm is manifested by
the members, as already evinced by the
interest taken in it. Competent professors
will be engaged from time to time to in
struct the members and good talent will
soon, bring the club to a high degree of
perfection. A ball has been secured in
the central part of the cily for a term of
years. After the club is in thorough work
ing order the public will have an oppor
tunity of seeing them in an entertainment.
The club has 300 members at present.
Following is the list of officers: Park
Henshaw, president, lawyer; Harry Reed,
vice-president, broker; \V. H. Benson]
second vice-president, Sperry Flourmills;
Guy R. Kennedy, secretary, lawyer; H. W.
Heath, treasurer, Bank of Chico; board of
directors— W. J. O'Conner, farmer; Jo D.
SprouJ, lawyer; B. Cussick, capitalist; J.
Sims, capitalist; F. Teatrew. merchant.
Mr. Moth has been engaged as instructor.
He was formerly of St. Paul, Minn., and
has met in wrestling matches such men as
Muldoon and McLeod, and has lately been
traveling with Fitzsimmons.
TO EMPLOY MORE LABOR
Probability That Whalebone
Factories Will Soon Locate
Here.
A RAPIDLY GROWING INDUSTRY.
How the Crude Bone Is Scrubbed and
Dried at the Yards and then
Manufactured.
The establishment of the whaling station
at Monterey Bay will, it is expected, in
crease the demand for skilled labor em
ployed in this City in the manufacture of
whalebone. This is looked upon by tbe
Merchants' Association as another indica
tion of good times for California, and the
whaling industry on this coast will be fos
tered.
In itself, the whaling trade is consider
able at this port, but its increase means
more to landsmen and the manufacturing
interests of the City than is generally
known. It means that within the next
few years San Francisco will become not
only the whaling port of the world, but
aiso the center of the whalebone manufac
turing interests.
Already a whalebone factory has been es
tablished in this City and before long the
■ix other factories in the United States —
now located in the Eastern States— will
undoubtedly moved to in this City. This
proposition is almost Eelf-evident when it
is considered that at present five-sixths of
all the whalebone manufactured in Amer
ica is shipped from this port across the
continent before it is prepared for the mar
ket.
New Bedford, once the great whaling
port of the world, does not send out more
than one or two ships after the leviathan
now, and all the rest of the trade is cen
tered at this port. It was this fact which
called into existence the wharebone fac
tory and that will brine still other facto
ries of the same kind to this City.
The factory is located on California street
and is owned and managed by the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company. From twenty
to thirty hands are employed in scraping
and steaming and cutting and otherwise
preparing for market the bone of the
mammal that swallowed Jonah.
The price of this commodity is on the
increase, if anything, though the whaling
industry itself has fallen into compara
tively insignificant proportions. Many
refined oils have been found to take the
place of sperm oil, but no substitute has
ever been found for whalebone. Many
efforts have been made to find some sub
stance that could be used in the place of
whalebone and many experiments on
various metals and substances have been
made, but to no purpose. For corsets and
dress bodices no other substance will
answer. Nothing else is so pliable and co
lasting at the same time.
It is not generally known, but it is a
fact, that whalebone may be used over and
over again, and is practically inde
structible. When bent out of shape it can
be straightened by first steaming and then
placing it under pressure. Aside from the
part it plays in women's apparel its chief
use is for whips. The process of cleaning
and drying the crude whalebone when
first taken from the ships is interesting. It
is scrubbed and drenched with fresh water
when unloaded at the yard, and then
stood up in bunches to dry in the sun.
Down at the yards of the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company at the Potrero the
stranger who sees the vessels unloading
from a distance, and beholds the washed
strips of bone stacked up to dry, is very
likely to mistake it for some rank growth
af weeds or tules.
When thoroughly dried it is bundled up
and taken to the" factory on California
street or shipped East to the factories
there to be still further scraped and
dressed, then steamed and polished and cut
into marketable strips. From first to last
a good many men are required to handle
the bone product that is brought to this
port by the whaling vessels, and when it
is considered that each one of these ves
sels is manned and provisioned here the
real importance of the entire industry is
seen to be not at all insignificant to the
material welfare of California.
Suing for Services.
The case of Mrs. A. E. Wells to recover $720
from the estate of John J. Wells for services
rendered will come before Judge Seawell to
morrow. Wells had an insane sister whom he
placed in care of the plaintiff, his sister-in-law.
When he died there was no provision made in
his will for the support of his sister, although
he had given various sums for that purpose
during his lifetime. Mrs. Wells became indig
nant and is suing for the value of her services.
Ty Had No Money.
Jew Ah Ty was sentenced to three years in
Folsom for burglary in the second degree. Ty
was arraigned in the morning and he pleaded
guilty. He saw no reason for wasting money
on a trial, be said, and ne might just as well
take his sentence at once. His closing thought
in addressing the court was: '"Man no catch
money go jail anyhow."
Scared a Burglar Away.
A burglar made an entry into the residence
of a woman at 613% Dupont street yesterday
morning at 6 o'clock. The woman was awak
ened by hearing her bedroom door open, and
on looking in the direction of the door she
saw the lignt from a bullseye lantern. She
shouted and the man ran away.
HOW CORAL GROWS.
Professor Joseph Le Conte Explains
the Florida Reef and
Keys.
The lecture-room of the Mechanics' In
stitute building at 31 Post street was
crowded last evening with the members
and their friends who assembled to hear
Professor Joseph Le Conte lecture upon
the '"Origin of the Peninsula Keys and
Reef of Florida." He used a number of
rough maps with which to illustrate hm
explanation of the nature of the phenom
ena. He said :
The subject of coral reefs and coral islands
has been ior many years of great interest to
popular and scientific minds. They are of in
terest to the popular mind on account of the
gorgeous colorings oi the little animals which
form the islands and on account of the fairy
like beauty of the little islands which they
have caused to spring up in the ocean. They
are also of interest on account of the peculiar
dangers which they cause to navigation.
There are more wrecks along the keys of
Honda and in the straits ot Florida probably
than anywhere else in the world. The little
town of Key West was actually formed on the i
wrecking business. The crowding together on !
the reef of the greatest variety of animals that
can be found upon the earth makes it intensely I
iiiterestiug to the scientitic man. We have an
evidence in these reefs ot the subsidence of
the Pacific Ocean in mid-ocean. In the mid-
Pacific, over an area greater than this conti
nent, the bottom of the Pacific ii going down
and has gone down 10,000 feet, of course,
somewhere there is a correlative elevation.
The whole of the coral reef and keys of
Florida have been formed during the present
geological epocn. Corals grow UDwurd, gener- !
ation after generation adding debris to the I
accumulating funeral pile. This continues |
until they reach the surface of the ocean, j
when they can grow no higher.
The debris is washed i;pon the island, which i
it hus now become, and the whole is cemented i
by the action of the ocean with carbonate of |
lime. Seeds are washed upon the soil thus
made and vegetation results. Animals come
in the same way. Thou man comes and it be
comes an inhabited island.
My theory in regard to the coral islands is
that the corals could not have done the work I
alone. Corals cannot build from more than 60 {
or 100 feet. Then there must have been a pre- I
existing bank. This, I believe, was a growing :
bank of sediment deposited by the Gulf stream.
FOR A NEW HALL.
Circular Letter to the Irish Societies of
San Francisco and Irish-
Americans.
The following circular has been issued
to the Irish societies of San Francisco with
a view to securing their co-operation in the
plan to secure funds for tue erection of a
hall to be used in common by the Irish-
Americans in this City as a meeting
place :
Hall of Knights of St. Patrick, )
BE. cor. Mason and O'Farrell Streets, }
San Francisco, Jan. 25, 1896.)
To the Irish Civic Organizations of San Fran
cisco and to Irish-Anuricaiis generally: The
Knights of St. Patrick feelinp the importance
of earablishing in San Francisco a hall and
meeting place which shall be at once a home
for the Irish societies and a monument to the
Irish race in this Tommunity, have appointed
the following named members, to wit: Jere
mian Deusy, John Mulhern, Frank T. Shea.T.
R. Bannerman, William Oronin, Daniel E. Con
don and Thomas F. Barry as a committee to
secure the co-operation of all kindred organ
izations desiring to aid in this laudable under
taking. This committee does not believe it
necessary to offer arguments in favor of
the benefits of erecting a general
meeting place for all the organizations
mentioned, nor to urge a hearty and
' NEW TO-DAY.
The Value of
Electricity
As a Cure for Diseases in Which Medicine Has
Proven Unavailing is Demonstrated by the
Remarkable Record Made by This Famous
Electric Belt.
A physician of 3O years* J^Jg^sr When an Electric Belt
experience can be con- *-s?*« ? '»^ :: ~" ::: ~ is applied by a physician
suited at Dr. Sanden's ~^~ §d%^S=. who has practiced his
office free of charge. If $^st~~L%^piL, profession for 3O years
medicines are needed $ §j^ -|^|| you may be assured of
they will be given free *$i getting the best possible
with the Belt. results from its use.
EVERY patient using Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has the ben-
efit of a physician's advice and medical assistance free of
charge. The scientific application of Electricity for the cure of
disease is here assured. No patients are taken who cannot re-
ceive benefit from the treatment, and no effort is spared to ac-
complish a quick and permanent cure in every case. As "Elec-
tricity is Life," Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt gives new life to people
who are weak or sick. It is the modern health giver. Every
moment that the Belt is on the body its stimulating power is felt
permeating the entire body. Its Electric current is always per-
ceptible, and by a patent screw regulator it is made mild or strong
at the will of the patient. No other Electric Belt has this attach-
ment, and it is indispensible to convenient use and the most
effective results.
WILL THIS CONVINCE YOU?
"Your Dr. Sanden Electric Belt cured me in eight days of Sciatica, with which I
had suffered for two years," writes JOHN K. KNOX, mechanic at Mare Island Navy
Yard,' Vallejo, Cal., January 22, 1896.
"I got your Belt in August last for nervous prostration and female weakness. I
could not sleep, and sometimes got so weak I was unable to hold my head up. I found
relief at once from the Belt and am to-day as strong as any woman of my age." — MRS.
AMELIA QUINN, 259 Richland avenue, 'San Francisco, January 22. 1896.
"I was troubled for seven or eight years with a "catch or stitch" in the small of
my back, accompanied with a dull, heavy pain. I used your Belt two months and the
pain was cured. That was two years ago, and the pain has not returned."— J. H.
PRICE, Ranier, Or.
1 No one can doubt these daily reported cures. The value of
an Electric Belt is in the good that it does. Every day you see
or hear of some new cure by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It
must cure, for it is made according to the latest scientific models,
and is applied by a regular practicing , physician, who can be
consulted at Dr. Sanden's office free of charge. Call and see the
Belt, or get the book about it, free.
SiLKTUEW ELECT.HIC CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE" PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B to 0 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
v nanimous movement of all men of Irish birth
and descent toward the realization of what
has long been the cnerished aspiration of
our people on this coast. M uch has been dona
to fasten the impress of the Irish character
upon the developmeat of the Pacific Slope.
The work of the past may now well bo
crowned with the erection of a building that
shall be an object of pride to all of us and aa
architectural ornament to San Francisco.
We therefore cordially invite the presidents
of all societies feeling a sympathy with the
objects above proposed to meet with this com
mittee on Tuesday evening, February 4, 1896,
at the hour of 8 o'clock, at the Knights of the
Red Branch Hall, to take such steps as may
secure the co-operation of their societies and
the accomplishment of the results suggested.
Respectfully, Thomas F. Barry,
Chairman Committee Knights of St. Patrick.
D. E. Condon, Secretary.
• — ♦ — «
CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB.
The Annual Meeting and Flection of
Officers Will Soon Be Held.
The annual meeting of the Corinthian
Yacht Club will be Held at 510 Bush street
on Wednesday eveninir, the 29th inst.
The following-named members have been
nominated for directors and officers, to act
for one year: Commodore, J. W. Pew;
vice-commodore, Carl Westerfield; secre
tary, Alex J. Young; treasurer, Charles L.
Barrett; port captain, J. H. Keefe; direc
tors—C. R. McKee and John V. O'Brien;
measurer, W. F. Stone; reuatta commit
tee—W. A. Barlage, C. W. Platt and H. E.
Pennell.
In accordance with a resolution adopted
at the last meeting of the club the matter
of incorporation will be brought up for
final action on Wednesday evening and
by-laws will be submitted for adoption. It
is the intention of the directors to submit
the present by-laws, which were altered to
suit the Civil Code of the State, for im
provement if deemed necessary.
The Corinthians propose having many
enjoyable cruises this coming summer,
an 1 it is expected that a large attendance
will be present at the annual meeting.
Thrown From a Car.
James E. Brown of 932 Clay street, editor of
the Vindicator, was badly hurt on Thursday
by being thrown from a car at Montgomery
and Post streets. He is a paralytic, and while
he was transferring from a Monigoraery-streei
to a Post-street car the hor.-ecar started and he
was thrown and badly hurt. Dr. Marc Leving
ston, who attends the injured man. says that
Mr. Brown was badly cut on the body, arms
and head, and that there is danger of blood
poison.
Decoration and Dollars.
How many of us would not gladly pay
for reticence, if so be we could find it!
But, alas! the public is of the same mind
as the- critic. In proportion to tne price
! must be th» quantity of ornament, and
j so it comes about that the eye is fatigued
■ by its presence in season and out of
| season and competitors in the market
:of production vie with each other as
to the amount that can be offered for
the money. Is it wholly impossible to
educate public taste in this one matter?
| Every year now brines its exhibition of
: arts and crafts in different parts of tue
| world, and almost every month its practi
! cal handbooks, its treatises on the theory
] and practice of design, or on the principles
I and analysis or ornament. Is it not possi
! ble to teach that the due subordination of
! decoration is every bit as important as a
; feeling: for beauty of form or a grasp of the
I limitations imposed by the character of
i the material and the tools that work it? —
1 From "Design in Bookbinding," by Mrs.
! S. T. Prideaux, in the February Scrfbner's.
The British Museum recently acquired
a sword, a watch and a gold snuffbox
; once belonging to Edward Gibbon.
56
ON FORECLOSURE.
Committee of the State Con
vention Splits on a
Word.
ALL AGAINST FUNDING.
But M. M. Estee's Draft of a
Memorial Stops Short at
That.
SECONDED BY MAYOR DAVIE.
Henry E. Highton Insists That the
Convention Should Not Be
Misrepresented.
Three memorial? have been prepared by
•nembers of the Committee of Seven
avi't-inwei by the late State convention to
it u> Congress against the passage of
the funding bill. One of them was pre
pared by M. If. Estee, chairman of the
committee, another by Henry E. Highton,
and the third by John T. Doyle.
Each of these three urges the adoption of
his draft, ana as a result neither of them
has been adopted.
This committee was appointed with full
t to draw up a memorial to Congress
to follow the resolutions already forwarded,
and give further expression to the temper
of the convention. The differences among
the members will probably defeat that
pur;
Th*» committee, it appears, has split up
upc:: the word ''foreclosure."
1 lay are united in their opposition to
the funding bill, but a few of them stop
there, wane others po further and insist
that Congress shall be tailed upon to fore
close upon the railroad mortease.
M. M. Estee, in his draft of a memorial
arraigns tre railroad severely, but refuses
to aMy for fort closure. In this he is sec
onded by Mayo: l>..vie of Oakland.
Both Henry E. Hightou and John T.
Doyle go furtlier and :«tand for foreclosure
and the collection of the debt from the
estates of the railroad quartet.
The committee has neld a number of
meetings and discussed the problem in all
its phases. The three named have drafted
and redrafted their suggestions for the
memorial in an effort to bring them within
the requirements called for by the others.
Yesterday these three held." a meeting,
at which they concluded that their differ
ences were irreconcilaDle. They there
fore decided to submit the papers for pub
lication, and for the possible acceptance of
a majority of the committee at a meeting
that limy ue held this week.
There nas been considerable feeling
among the members of the committee in
thifl matter, and deep regret is expressed
over the division of sentiment.
At the meeting yesterday Mr. Estee pre
sented his draft "for the "last time, and it
being rejected by both Mr. Highton and
Mr. Doyle, he "signed the names of A.
Caminetti, J. L. Davie, Marion Cannon,
E. ML Gibson, members of the committee,
saying that he had been authorized by
those gentlemen to do so.
In stating his reason for refusing to sign
the Estee memorial Mr. Highton said:
"M r. Estee has arraigned the railroad com
pany in masterly style. He has mar
shaled his facts in a manner that is con
vincing. I have not seen it better done by
anybody. But he stops at that. He leave's
Congress to inquire "What then? What is
your proposition?' Then again he leaves
two things to stand out for the possible
use of those whom we are hghting— use to
their own advantage. He shows how high
the debt of the company rises over the as
sets. And he suggests no remedy— no
method by which the Government can
come at its own. Now, with Mr. Hunting
ton in Washington, he might turn that
into a weapon for his own defense. 'If the
debts are so great,' he might e&y 'and the
assets so comparatively small, what can
you do about it, but refund and give us
time ? Here is a memorial from my enemy
that sets forth the hopelessness of your
case. It does not ask you to foreclose?'
That argument might be' very effective."
In response to these arguments which
have been presented time and again at
the meetings of the committee Mr. Estee
remodeled his draft, suggesting that the
Government might proceed against Hunt
ington to recover, but it is said to be so
worded a? to protect the estates of those
of the quartet who are dead.
Mr. Estee defends his position by de
claring that the convention was called to
protest against the passage of the funding
bill; that the defeat of that bill leaves the
law in the case of a. mortgage due and un
paid to take its course; that no further
action is necessary from the people here.
Mnvor Davie also supports this view and
says the memorial will have greater weight
if it stops at teat.
Mr. Highton does not agree with this
view, as stated, and feels very strongly
upon the subject. He says the temper of
the convention, the temper of the people
and the temper of the press are for fore
closure. The convention exDressed itself
unmistakably on the subject in the resolu
tions it adopted. Those resolutions were
drawn up by Mayor Sutro previous to the
convening of that body, as tuose things
are done.
"The Mayor appointed Mr. Estee and
myself." said Mr. Ilighton, "among others
on the committee on resolutions and then
submitted his draft to that committee.
Mr. Estee came also prepared with a draft
and read it. I was so taken with the strong
array of facts that I suggested that it be
incorporated in a memoiial that might be
attached, and suggested the appointment
of a committee for the purpose. Mayor
Sutro acted upon the suggestion and
named Mr. Estee first in appointing it, by
virtue of which he was chosed chairman.
"This difference that has arisen on this
important point is very unfortunate, to
say the least. Mayor Sutro was not at the
meeting yesterday, but was represented by
Taylor Rogers, his secretary. The Mayor
is strongly in favor of my position."
Mr. Doyle's memorial covers common
ground with both of these and is out and
out for foreclosure. He would join with
Mr. Highton if the latter's memorial could
be adopted.
Following is Mr. Highton's draft for the
memorial:
MEMORIAL ANNEXED TO PREAMBLE AND
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY STATE
i ANTI-FUNDING CONVENTION. SATUR
DAY. JANUARY 18. IS9G. HELD AT MET
ROPOLITAN TEMPLE. BAN FRANCISCO,
i'AL.. PREPARED BY COMMITTEE AP
POINTED FOR THAT PURPOSE BYTHF
CONVENTION. WITH FULL POWER TO
A- T.
Trie undersigned, a committee appointed for
that purpose, with full "power to act, by the
ami-funding convention, held at Metropolitan
Temple, San Francisco, on Saturday, January
18, li>9G, respectfully memorialize the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United
Statw against each and every measure for re
funding the secured indebtedness of the Cen
tral Pacific Company, and in savor of strict
foreclosure of the mortgage* given to secure
Hint indebtedness.
Exprr*«*d'!n a sentence the people of this
State consider the welfare of the Slate its to
be involved in the new schemes of Mr. Hunt
ingtoa and his associates, anil, with the
earnestness and determination of men defend
ing their property and their lives, denounce
any conceivable plan of refunding and any
failure or delay in strict foreclosure as destruc
tive to themand to their descendants, as purely
fraudulent, and as designed to place them
completely end indefinitely at the mercy of
those who are and have been their greatest
enemies.
The issues to be considered in this memorial,
while of the greatest pecuniary importance,
and to Mr. Huntington mid his associates of
uo consequence in any other aspect, neverthe
less transcend all purely monetary consider
tions, for the reason that they (ouch the
sacred neM and the supremacy of the law, and,
In that way, the honor ol the Government
itself.
With the greatest respect, but positively, we
object to any action whatever by Congress, or
its committees, in the matter of the debt of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company as an un
warranted interference, opposed to the spirit
of our institutions, with the due ami orderly
administration of the law. The entire ques
tion is now ripe for judicinl action, through
the executive, and, according to all precedent
a nd in harmony with the distribution of pow
ers in the constitution, should be treated ex
clusively through those branches of the Gov
ernment. As the chairman of the present
Committee of the Pacific Kailroads of the
House of Representatives has already an
ivuneed, If Congress takes any action in this
matter it must act through the virtual exercise
of judicial powers, and this is opposed equal
ly to the theory of our governmental
system and to all just practice in the history
of the United States. To arrive at a finding of
met and a conclusion upon which any enact
ment could be Intelligently based Congress
would be compelled to investigate enormous
records and intricate facts which have ac
cumulated within thirty years, and which, in a
proper sense, are even now sub judlce, and if
this work be not done -under the rules and
principles which govern courts and with ju
dicial thoroughness and completeness, the
basis for any possible legislation that would
even wear the garb of justice would be waul
ing. And this essential process of investiga
tion would necessitate the decision of numer
ous and complicated legal issues, for the deter
mination of which the judicial department has
been established.
The contracts between the Government and
the Central Pacific Railroad Company are
matters for judicial, and not Congressional, in
terpretation. The facts which have transpired
under and in relation to these contracts are
obviously within the range of judiciary in
quiry and decision.
We submit, therefore, that this preliminary
objection to any proposed legislation ought to
be controlling. After foreclosure aud such
other action as the courts may take, but not
before then, it may be proper, or even neces
sary, for Congress to inte*fere.
Bat it you do not agree to this preliminary
objection, then the merits of the controversy
are to be considered.
The proposition to Congress of the Central
Pe.ciric Railroad Company, personified by Mr.
Huntington, may be condensed as follows:
"When this corporation was formed the four
gentlemen, of whom 1 was one, who ultimately
acquired substantially all its stock, were not
worth more than half a million. It was a pe
riod of civil war and a transcontinental rail
road was needed for military and mail facili
ties. The patriotism of the people was intense.
The four availed themselves of the opportuniiy
and the railroad was constructed to Promon
tory. They formed originally a parternership,
and afterward a corporation, named the
Contract and Finance Company, which was suc
ceeded, for other enterprises," by the Western
Development Company and the Pacific Im
provement Company, "and all these corpora
tions, directed by the same men, dealt with
each other. The upshot of the business w&s
that, largely out of the securities which the
Government and other bondholders nominally
held, while the management was vested in
their debtor, and by innumerable transfers and
conversions of the property and income of the
Central Pacific, the Southern Pacitic Railroad,
to which the business of the original corpora
tion was diverted as rapidly as possible, the
California and Oregon Railroad, and numerous
other local lines, were constructed and ac
quired, and the four gentlemen referred to,
and their heirs and devisees, have accumulated
property to the value of at least a hundred and
fifty millions.
•'Now, through these proceedings, the chief
assets of the Central Pacific have passed to
other companies aud to private ownership.
That corporation, in its present condition, is
unable to provide for or pay its debts. I, C. P.
Huntington, the survivor of the four and
representing the Ceniral Pacific Railroad
Company, which will cease to exist in 1911,
ask you, the Congress of the United States to
refund its indebtedness for one hundred years,
to establish two per centum per annum as the
rate of interest and to ratify and confirm all
the transfers and conversions to which I have
alluded, to forego every legal remedy the Gov
ernment now possesses and to give me the
power to collect as much of the refunded debt
as 1, or my successors, may choose to pay,
primarily; from the producers of the Pacific
Coast, and, secondarily, from the people of
the United States."
This, in fairness and justice, is the substance
of the proposal Mr. Huntington makes to Con
gress, thus invoking the legislative arm of the
government to thwart aud paralyze the ex
ecutive and judiciary, and, speaking of him in
his representative as well as his personal ca
pacity, to intrench him and his accumulations
with fortifications that would defy the consti
tution and the laws and every principle of
justice aud of right.
The mere fact that such a monstrous demand
can be boldly and even defiantly made is such
a commentary upon the times as no words
could emphasize. If the public response,
though filtered through conventions of solid
and deliberative character, is thick with In
dignation, and sometimes couched in language
unusually direct and severe, it is no ground ior
surprise and scarcely for criticism. If an
average citizen perjures himself, or commits
larceny or embezzlement, he is tried and pun
ished and there is no application to a legis
lative body to condone his crime or to oblit
erate the facts he has created. Under a
constitutional government, resting upon law
and order, depending upon equality of right
among free citizens, and supposed to be
quickly and effectively moved by the enlight
ened opinions of aneducatedconstituency.it
would be indeed surprising if the people could
tamely and frigidly accept such false, bound
less and oppressive assumptions and preteness
as constitute this entire appeal of Mr. Hunt
ington and the Central Pacitic Railroad Com
pany.
The whole issue about the railroad dabts is
now covered by the Constitution, the Federal
statute? and well established legal principles.
The solution of the question demands only the
faithful application of the law to unquestiona
ble facts. It is the duty of the executive de
partment of the Government to set the Ju
dicial Department in motion. The attitude of
our people is that the existing law should and
can determine the controversy and preserve
the rights and interests of the Government
and it*, constituents. If the manipulators of
the railroads, in the act of managing the se
curity, have wasted, divened and converted
to their own use the greater part of its value
then they and the estates of those deceased
are trustees. Let the security be rehabilitated
and the mortgage foreclosed in the same pro
ceedings, within the broad and well-denned
rules of equity.
The railroads should be treated like other
debtors. Probably your constituents, at least
those among them whose covetousness trans
cends their patriotism, would like to have
their debts refunded by a paternal Congress at
2 percent per annum, while the Government
borrows money to keep up Its reserve fund at
double ihat rate of interest. Suppose that
proposition was before you, how long would it
stand? Why should Mr. Huntington and the
special interests he represents be favored be
yond the mass of American citizens? Why
should you be invited to discriminate for the
benefit of a railroad corporation against the
entire country in general and the Pacific
States in particular? If to the Southern Pa
cific Railroad and private fortunes the security
pledged to the Government and the other
bondholders, or its proceeds to the amount of
two hundred millions or more, have been
traced, let the deficiency be reached there
and not made up by enforced contributions
from our capital and labor.
But it is said that it is wrong to express or
convey suspicions of Congress and its commit
tees. No one on this coast has expressed or
implied those suspicions. They are a mere as
sumption of the railroads, made to influence
your action. We have referred only to the
past, with Mr. Huntiugton as our authority.
Is it not notorious that great reputations were
tarnished by association with railroad frauds ?
And when Mr. Huntington wrote confiden
tially to his friend and business associate
David D. Colton, did he not himself accuse the
Congressmen of that day of corruption and ex
press his opinion of them in language that
would redden the cheeks of any ordinary
American ? Why snould he be permitted now
to maintain a lobby and work secretly and
selfishly at Washington, to carry on new
schemes of plunder, in order to transfer his
burden to the people, and retain the monoy
and property to which the Government is en
titled and which it can secure without an ad
ditional stroke of legislation ?
Let any member of either branch of Con
gress read the report of Hon. Robert E. Pat
ti=on of Pennsylvania, as a member of the
United States Pacitic Railway Commission in
1 !>SS. and see how every phase of the present
situation is anticipated. That report is
crammed with facts and figures, arrayed with
out heat or prejudice and answering every pos
sible element of the argument for refunding;
aod against foreclosure. If, September 18,
1871, the president of the Central Pa
cific Railroad swore in the Depart
ment of the Interior that the paid
ui> stock of that corporation was $54,283,190,
when, in truth, it was only $760,000, is that
statement less false now than it was then" If
December 31, 1886, the net earnings of the
Central Pacific had been $124,940,013 87 docs
that show any tendency toward bankruptcy?
If, in pools, subsidies, rebates, etc., the Central
Paclßc bad paid out ir9.:j82,7!i9 61, is not
the Government entitled to the benefit of
that fact, with ail the additions since? If
by fraudulent methods, by contracting
with themselves, which is the worst fraud
that trustees can perpetrate, the manip
ulators of the Central Pacific had issued
to tbeum-ives bonds aud stock representing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
$82,727,800, is this circumstance now to be
ignored? If Stanford, Huntiugton, Hopkins
ana Crocker, through the Contract and Finance
Company, the Western Development Company
and the Pacific Improvement Company and
dividends of the Central Pacific, received in
cash and securities more than .f 142,000,000,
I aud also rentals aggregating $29,912,373 49 is
| this to be condoned because Mr. Huntington
I now says the Central Pacific is unable to
; pay its debt? If other frauds, including
j construction, the handling of land
grants and numerous unclassified items,
had been exactly ascertained, when Governor
Pattison wrote his report, and have been fear
! fully augmented since, do these facts appeal
j to Congress on behalf of the railroads or on
the hide of the people? If books and vouchers
were destroyed, false liabilities created, and
rive or six millions of dollars disbursed for cor
rupt purposes, does it not follow, as Governor
Pattison said, in relation to the Central Pa-
I cific, "that no part of its indebtedness can be
recovered except through immediate compul
j sory legal processes," and that extension of
the time for payment, therefore, means an in
crease of the amount of the debt and the mak
| ing of its recovery more hopeless.
li the debt be refunded and the time of pay-
I ment extended for a hundrea, or even for fifty
' yiars, moreover, what will be the condition
j when the corporate existence oi the Central
j Pacific ceases at the end of fifty years from Its
j organization? If the principal debtor expires,
what new complications will surround the
debt?
These are matters which cannot be elaborated
! in the midst of the present controversy, but
i which are so well understood as to be part of
I the authentic history of the times, and th-'y
I all point to the unavoidable conclusion that
I refunding and the defeat of foreclosure are
I only designed to obliterate legal responsibility,
j to condone such frauds as are almost without
i precedent, to preserve enormous private for-
I tune6and the Southern Pacific Railroad from
I all possible attack, to shift the burden of the
j indebtedness from those who contracted it,
J and to force the people, who actually built the
i Central Pacific, to pay for it two or three times
I over, out of iheir own resources, and without
diminishing the fraudulent accumulations of
those who aspire to be their masters.
Republicans, Democrats, Populists, citizens
j of all shades of political opinion, who have
i made the Pacific States what they are, and have
stood by the Union and the Government, are
virtually unanimous against refunding and for
strict foreclosure. As practical statesmen, what
do you, gentiemen of both houses of Congress,
say to this demand? Is Mr. Huntington
| stronger than five or six of the sovereign States
of this Union, stronger than the Union itself,
stronger than ihe law, than justice, than com
mon honesty? We do not believe that he i.%
and we confidently appeal to you for protec
tion. To the argument that we ought to protect
j ourselves against those whom we claim to have
j debauched our politics, and, tosome extent, our
law, and to have interfered with and controlled
our business, paralyzed our enterprize and
checked our progress, while they' have ab-
s orbed not only our profits but large parts of
our capital, we answer that in those phases of
the controversy which are purely local we are
interposing, and propose to Interpose, our
j strength as citizens and voters, but that in that
portion of the tight which has been transferred
j to Washington we are forced to rely upon the
■ most powerful legislative body in the world—
i the Congress of the United States— which owes
i its existence to the people, and which, in theory
: at least, and, as we hope, in practice also, rep
■ resents the people and their rignts and their
interests, and not railroad monopolists and
corruptionists.
The conclusions we defire to formulate are:
First— That, even though the Central Pacific
; Railroad Company be technically insolvent,
.still refunding Is not and foreclosure is ex
| pedieut.
Second— But that corporation is not insolvent
| if its entire assets, as under the law they ought
to exist, are sufficient to pay its indebtedness.
Third— That its assets have been transferred
: and converted to an amount more than ade
i quate to the complete rehabilitation of the se
curity.
Fourth— That, In a suit for foreclosure, the ]
withdrawn assets can be restored, wherever or
I in whatever form they exist, the solvency of
! the corporation established, and the whole in
• debtedness collected.
Fifth— That, in order even to consider all
; these questions, Congress has, in effect, to cx
i ercise ooth executive and judicial powers, and
by the investigation of a committee virtually
! to usurp the functions of two co-ordinate de
j partments of the Government.
Sixth — That, without denying or even dls-
I cussing the abstract proposition that Congress,
i by a mere inquiry, may determine for itself
I the status in fact and in law of the relations
I between the Central Pacific Railroad Company
j and the Government, nevertheless, it is obvi
! ous that under existing conditions such an in-
I quiry is not only inexpedient but improper.
Seventh— That it is manifest, therefore, that
the present situation of the secured indebted-
I ness should be left to the action and the de
termination of the executive and judicial de
partments.
Eighth— That, after foreclosure, and the ju
i dicial determination upon the facts and the
I law of the precise condition of the secured ir»
--j debtedness of the Central Pacific— in other
I words, when the proportion of the actual, not
i the nominal, security to the debt has been
j ascertained, and the usual and ordinary means
of rehabilitation and collection exhausted
then, and not before then, legislation by Con
| gress may tecorue proper and expedient.
Ninth— But that, meanwhile, the supremacy
of the law, the inviolability of contracts, and
the rights and interests of the Government
should be sacredly maintained, and there
should be no condonation, through legislative
action, intercepting judicial proceedings, of
frauds and conversions, and no sacrifice of the
I people, at the mere behest of Mr. Huntington
and his associates, who are incompetent to sit
in judgment upon their own cause.
Henry E. Highton.
Following is the text of the report
drafted by Mr. Estee:
To the Honorable the Senate and Mount of Rrp
renentativej of the United Statat: The under-
I signed, a committee duly appointed by a State
I convention*! the citizens of California, held
'•. at San Francisco on the ISth day of January,
1896, respectfully submit to the Congress bf
the United States, and to our fellow-citizens
everywhere, some of the reasons why the peo
ple of California are opposed to the "passage by
Congress of any bill refunding tne indebted
ness of the Central Pacific Railroad.
I.
It is not true that the Central Pacific Rail
road Company is an honest debtor, or that it is
entitled to favorable treatment at the hands of
Congress.
The facts are that in 1861 the Central Pacific
Railroad Company was Incorporated under the
laws of California. The constitution of Cali
fornia prescribed then, as now, that "each
stockholder of a corporation or joint stock as
sociation shall be individually and personally
liable for bis proportion of its debts and liabili
ties." (Sec. 36, art. 4, constitution of 1849.)
The Supreme Court of the State of California
interpreted this section of the constitution in
the case of French vs. Teschamacker, 24 Cal.,
518, as follows:
"It is unconstitutional for the Legislature to
relieve a stockholder of a corporation of his
individual liability."
And as each stockholder of the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, under the constitu
tion of the State of California, is bound for his
proportionate share of all the debts and lia
bilities of the corporation, no act of Congress
can now be legally passed which will legally
relieve him from 6uch responsibility. The
directors of this corporation are also personally
liable for much of its indebtedness. The direc
tors of a corporation are trustees of an express
trust; they are held to a strict accountability
for all they do as such trustees. Their posi
tion 1b one of confidence, and, when they
violate their duty in that regard, they are
amenable to the law, and neither the great
political or financial power of the individual
or of the corporation of which he Is a stock
holder and director can be justly or legally in
voked to relieve any such director from the
performance of these duties or from the respon
sibility which a non-performance of them im
poses upon him.
Pays Marowitz on corporations (section 243):
"The directors of a corporation occupy a posi
tion of the highest trust and confidence, and
the utmost good faith is required in the exer
cise of the powers conferred upon them."
11.
FOUND IN GENEROUS MOOD.
The admitted facts show that four men,
living in Sacramento, in the State of California,
namely, C. P. Huntington, Mark Hopkins,
Charles Crocker and Leland Stanford, incor
porated the Central Pacific Railroad Company
and essayed to build its road. None of these
men were capitalists. The assessed valuation
ol all their property did not reach $250,000.
They were unable to build the road fron their
own resources. The Civil Wer was then gome
on. The Eastern and Western States of the
Union demanded closer and more intimate
connection with each other. The time for
building a National highway across the conti
nent was thus propitious, and so Congress was
spurred to an unusual generosity.
The people of California, though few in
number, were generous to a fault, and the
most munificent grants and donations ever
made by a Government or by a generous
people to a private citizen or corporation were
«.t that time made to the Central Pacific Rail
road Company. The following is a statement
of some of the principal grants and donations
of land and money made.
Congress granted to this corporation every
other section of land for twenty miles on each
side of its contemplated railroad for the whole
length thereof, and also on the Oregon branch
of that system, amounting in the aggregate to
about 10,000,000 acres, of the value of fully
$12,500,000. It is reported they have already
obtained about that amount from sales of
th-ose lands. The Government fixed the value
of its own adjoining land at $2 50 an acre.
At the same time the National Government
issued to that company its second mortgage
bonds in the sum of $27,000,000 (in round
numbers), which now amounts., principal and
interest, to $58,000,000.
GUARANTEED INTEREST.
In addition thereto, the State of California
guaranteed the interest on $1,500,000 of the
bonds of the company, and also granted to it
30 acres of land in and around Mission Bay,
in the City of Ban Francisco, of a value of not
less than $5,000,000, which land is now roort
gaeed by the same company for $12,285,000.
The several counties of the State contributed
L°J; ne company in money and property $1,
--oOO.OOO; the city of Sacramento deeded to it
>J S " ver water front of the estimated value of
$1,000,000, and the same corporation acquired
without consideration, and contrary to the
plain principles of law, more than ten miles of
the water front of the bay of San Francisco,
forming the entire harbor of Oakland and
parts of the harbors of Alameda, Berkeley and
San Francisco, which is of the estimated value
of not less than $10,000,000.
It also obtained from Wells, Fargo & Co.
$1,500,000 of its stock in consideration of fa
vorable transportation facilities accorded to
said company.
The foregoing grants reached the enormous
amount in value of $57,000,000, which is in
linitely more than the entire cost of the road.
Add to the above and foregoing the interest
which Mr. Huntington and his associates ob
tained in every town through which the rail
road parsed, and also the acquisition of health
resorts, of donations of land for town Bites,
depot purposes and, in fact, of every known
kind of property, and you cannot but appre
ciate the vast accessions of this corporation.
NOT A GIFT.
These donations of land and money were not
intended as a gift to Mr. Huntington and fiis
associates, but they were intended to secure
the early construction of a continental line of
railroad to be thereafter operated in the inter
ests of the General Government and of the peo
ple of the far West, and always under govern
mental surveillance and control.
The incorporators of the Central Pacific Rail
road Company were to all intents and pur
poses tha agents of the Government and of the
people. This Nation confided to theirjkeeping
the largest amount of property ever in modern
times granted by any Government to an indi
vidual or a corporation.
Soon after the organization of the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, C. P. Huntitgton
and his three associates incorporated another
company under the name of the "Contract and
Finance Company," and the same men were the
Owners of and represented both tne Central
Pacific Railroad Company and the "Contract
and Finance Company.' 1 The directors of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company contracted
with themselves to build the road of that com
pany, uuder the name of the "Contract and
Finance Company." They charged their own
prices for the work and when completed they
held most of its assets, and some one else owned
most of its debts. Under these conditions the
apparent cost of the road was about three times
as much as its actual cost.
Mr. Huntington said ho did not own 100
shares of its stock. He did not dare to own
stock in the company he had wrecked, because,
under the constitution of California, a hiock
holder is liable for a proportionate share of the
indebtedness of a corporation, and as a direc
tor he was then and is stili liable for these pal
pable frauds.
SEEKING TO ESCAPE LIABILITY.
These same individuals and their successors
in interest are now asking the General Govern
ment to relieve them from the liability which
arose by reason of their ilk-gal and fraudulent
acts in incurring this vast indebtedness by
providing a legal means for refunding tha*
illegal indebtedness; and, to accomplish this
purpose, they propose to make a new contract
I under the forms of law whereby they will
avoid their personal responsibility for the crea
tion of the enormous indebtedness now hang
ing over the corporation.
In this connection it mnst be remembered
that the bonded indebtedness, which the
United States assumed and agreed to pay. is
but a small part of the actual nominal indebt
edness of the corporation. According to Poor's
Manual for 1895 the total liabilities of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company reaches the
vast sum of $303,491,584, while under the
estimates made by the United States Railroad
Commission in 1888, the total cost of building
and equipping the Central and Western Pa
cific railroads did not exceed $40,000,000.
Mr. Huntington and his associates, at differ
ent times, organized three corporations
through which to carry on their railroad busi
ness in California.
1. '"The Contract and Finance Company,"
which we have referred to, and under which
corporation tne Central Pacific Railroad was
built, and whose books have been destroyed.
2. "The Western Development Company."
Exactly what this corporation was intended" to
"develop" can only be a matter of conjecture,
but it continued in existence until its book
became laden with facts. These books. Canno
now be found or its history traced.
3. "The Pacific Improvement Company
This corporation still exists, but is now in tb
painful process of liquidation.
OWNED BY HUNTINGTON.
One of the reasons given for the organizatlo
pf these corporations was that Mr. Huntingto
nnd his associates might own and contro
bridges and ferries on the line of the railroad
like the bridge over the Colorado River, on tb
line of the Southern Pacific Railroad Thes
bridges, although belonging to the railroa
system, built by its money or credit and form
ing a part thereof, are yet apparently owned b
C. P. Huntington and his associates. Think of
one corporation owning a railroad track on the
land and another corporation owning a part of
the same line and belonging to the same sys
tem over all the main bridges and ferries, and
imagine the rent the first company would have
to pay if the second company was unfriendly.
What show would a mortgage creditor have
against such a combination, and especially
when the facts as to the side ownership ot the
bridges and ferries were not thought of or
mentioned in the original mortgage? Wha f
would be the effect of a foreclosure of amort
gage on the main line under such circum
stances? At most the mortgagee would only
obtain pieces of a railroad track. An owner
under a mortgage sale made pursuant to the
terms of the Government mortgage could not
move a train over the line of the Central Pa
cific Railroad. Huntington and his associates
In the Pacific Improvement Company would
still command the situation.
The whole scneme is a deception and a fraud
The Pacific Improvement Company claims to
own the great ferry and all its appendages on
the line of the Central Pacific Railroad at Port
Costa, also the steamer Solano, which is the
only ierry-boat in California that can carry a
train of cars across the straits of Carquinez at
that point.
OWNS, OR CLAIMS TO OWN.
The same company owns, or claims to own,
the railroad's interest in the bridge at Sacra
mento. It owns the ferry-boat Piepmont that
plies between Oakland and San Francisco, and
which also forms a part of the Central Pacific
line. It owns the river steamers Modoc and
Apache, the railroad offic buildingse at the foot
of Fourth and Townsend streets in the City of
San Francisco; the Del Monte Hotel at Mon- |
terey ; the principal part of the lands formerly
belonging to the old company in and around
North Berkeley, and theaepots at Sacramento
and Los Angeles; it claims to own the Santa
Monica wharf property. The hotel atLathrop
before it was destroyed belonged to this com
pany. It also owns the Southern Pacific Rail
road wharf at San Pedro. It formerly owned
the Oakland water front and the Mission Bay
property, but it is said these properties have
recently been transferred. It owns the coal
mines in the State of Washington and in Mex
ico, from whence the Central Pacific purchases
its coal, and it is publicly declared that the
Pacific Improvement Company nets two mil
lions of dollars a year from the coal it supplies
to the Southern and Central Pacific Railroa
sompanies.
It owns all the railroad newspapers In Cal
fornialike the Sacramento Record-Union an
otber journals too numerous to montion.
Every dollar's worth of all the above prop
erty, including the newspapers, forms a part o
the Central Pacific Railroad system, and wa
bought on its credit. The Southern Pacific was
also built on the credit of the Central, and th
latter has wantonly been made bankrupt t
build up and maintain the Southern.
From the foregoing it <:an readily be see
how the Central Pacific Railroad people hay
used the money and the credit donated to it
by the General Government aud|by the people
of the State of California for the purpose of
destroying the security given to the Govern
ment tor the very money it furnished to build
the road.
CONTKOL PRIVATE INTERESTS.
The same men, viz.: Huntington and his
associates, under the name of the "Pacific Im
provement Company," hold control over th
private business and a large amount of th
private property interests of California. T
illustrate: They own all the street railroads
in San Francisco but two, and most of the
street railroads of Oakland. They have grid
ironed the City of San Francisco with line
actual and prospective. To do this they com
menced by issuing $17,000,000 of bonds." They
froze out all the old street-railroad companies
and now hold an exclusive monopoly of street
railroading in this ereat City, and they con
trol not only the passenger traffic, but claim t
control the politics of the City.
They also own vast grants ot land in othe
parts of California, to wit: In Amador, Yolo
Monterey and other counties. They own al
the steamers in the bny of San Francisco am
in the rivers of this great State. They cont*o
the only line of steamers via Panama to Ne
i ork, and they also own the steam lines t
China and Japan. They thus combine wit
the shipping Interests by" sea and land and fi
the price of freight by both methods of tran
pomtion.
They even run our hotels and public resor
because they control the means of reachin
them, by reason of their ownership of all th
lines of transportation in the interior of th
State of California north of Tehachapi. The
sell excursion tickets to their own resorts a
prices that destroy all competition of oihe
towns or resorts which they do not favdr. It
true the people visiting the State are pleasei
by the apparent generosity of the railroad com
pany, but in the end the producers of Califor
nia are the sufferers and have to pay all
amounts so expended.
THE bIDE CORPORATIONS.
These side corporations referred to have al
ways held a large part of the valuable assets of
Mr. Hunticgton and his associates. At one
tune the "Contract aud Finance Company"
held for them $35,300,000 of their property,
bee Huntington's letter of January 10,1887,
ana Mr. Miller's answer of January 27, 1887,
found in the report made in 1888 to the Presi
dent and the Congress of the United States by
tne railroad commission appointed for that
purpose.
To make uncertainty more uncertain Mr.
Huntington ana his associates not only de
stroyed the books of th° "Contract and Finance
Company, ' but according to the reports made
oy those who investigated their affairs it is
claimed they also destroyed a part of the so
called "Record-book of Corporation Debts"
(winch book they were required by law to
keep) namely: that part from page 48 to page
ill inclusive. What these pages so destroyed
would have disclosed remains a matter of sur
mise. But from a birdseye view of the whole
affairs of the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany no one can be surprised that in a few
years its railroad holdings increased from 1100
miles to 8035 miles; or that the incorporators
wrecked fifty railroad corporations, large and
small, during the same period, or that they
are now able to set at defiance State and
National laws and boldly destroy the security
for National indebtedness.
The shippers of freight and the passengers
over the Central and Southern Pacific rail
roads must, in the end, pay all the indebted
ness, principal and interest, of those roads.
HIWTINGTON IMMENSELY WEALTHY.
For this reason the people of California are
especially interested in keeping the amount of
such indebtedness within its actual figures. In
this connection it must be remembere t that
C. P. Huntington and his associates have be
come immensely wealthy in handling a cor
poration which they now say is bankrupt. Ac
cording to "Poor's Manual,' 1 before referred to,
the assets of the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany are exactly the amount of its liabilities,
Viz., $202,491,584.
It must be borne in mind that one fraud is
the parent of others. The very destruction of
these books referred to is, in law, prima facie
evi'lence of fraud, and in any court of justice
would be taken strongly against the parties
vho destroyed tnem. Arid in any department
of the Government, if the amount Involved
was small, such an act would result in the im
mediate prosecution of the parties committing
it, but the taking of $100,000,000 paralyzes be
liei.aid makes even honest men hesitate to
attack such a bold and immense fraud.
In the report mado to the President of the
Lnited States by the Commissioners appointed
under the act of Congress approved March 3,
1887, entitled "An act authorizing an in real ;
gution of the books, accounts ana met!
railroads which have received Rid from the
Liiited States, and for other purposes," it ap
pears that Mr. llunliugton and his associates,
Hopkins, Stanford and Crocker, received
I $142,000,000 in cash and securities through
| the Contract and Finance Company, the West-
I crn Development Company, the 'Paciiic Im
provement Company and the dividends of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, and it no
where appears they ever paid one dollar from
their own funds toward the construction of
said railroad.
SAPPING THE REVENUES.
In addition to this sum of $112,000,000. they
also made large profits by ttie operation of
other companies which were directly or re
motely sapping the revenues of the Central
j Pacitic. The same company also expended
I $4,818,355 67, of which the manager declined
i to give any explanation or to permit any ex
planation to be made by others.
It further appears from the same report that
the gross earnings of the Central Pacific Rail
road from 1863 to December 31, 1886, were
$271,139,116 27. and that the operating ex
j penses were $149,190,102 40, leaving the net
earnings during the period above indicated,
3142,940,013. This amount at that time
[ would have more than paid the bonded in
debtedness of the road.
The game committee (page 22 of their report)
stated that the Central Pacitic Railroad Com
pany had paid $2,301,154 88 for services of
lawyers toinlluence legislation.
These uncontradicted facts art'ord an insight
Into tne methods adopted by Mr. Huntington
and his associates in handling the property of
the Central Pacific Railroad Company. It is
settled law that a mortgagor of property can
not by his own act destroy the vaiue of the
property so mortgaged and thus endanger the
security; vet the Central Pncific Railroad
Company has done this notoriously for years.
In 1884 C. P. Huntington and his associates
in the Central Pacific Railroad Company incor
porated the Southern Pacific Company in the
State of Kentucky under the especial provi
sions prescribed in an act of the Legislature of
that State incorporating said company, and
which act prescribed that said company should
never do business in the State of Kentucky.
This provision has been eliminated by subse
quent legislation. All in all this was the most
extraordinary proceeding ever devised. From
beginning to end it was an open, bald, glaring
THE TERMS INIQUITOUS.
After the incorporation of the Southern Pa
cific of Kentucky (not a dollar of whose prop
erty was in that State) these same parties, viz. :
Mr. Huntington and his associates, then leased
from the Central Pacific Railroad Company si!
of its roads and equipments for a period of
ninety-nine years. The terms of this lease are
so iniquitous that any fair-minded man must
admit that C. P. Huntington and his associates
of the Southern Pacific Company succeeded in
misleading C. P. Huntington and his associate
of the Central Pucific Railroad Company i
making this lease.
We will not dwell upon the terms of tha
lease or its effect upon governmental or othe
securities, further than to say it shows frauc
on its face. It is an undeniable fact that M
Huntington of the Southern Pacific Railroa
Company is still running a sharp bargain
against Mr. Huntington of the Central Paeih
Railroad Company, because most of the freigh
which was formerly transported east and wes
over the Central Pacific is now diverted from
its natural channel and is transported over th
Southern Pacific road, the evident object bein
to bankrupt the Central Pacific, and thisobjec
has been well nigh attained.
When a shipper does not demand that h
freight shall go by the Central (although de
tined to Chicago or New York) it will be sent b
the Southern Pacific via New Orleans. In
word, the Central Pacific Company, though
citizen of California and existing" under i
laws, is used as a most potential means of d
stroying the industries of the State.
VII.
The people of California have other serlou
objections to the manner in which Mr. Hun
ington and his associates control the railroac
property on the Pacific Coast.
OWE TAXES.
For fifteen years last past the Central Pacifi
Railroad Company and the Southern Pacifi
Company have owed taxes to the State of Cal
fornia, always amounting to from $500,000 t
$1,500,000, and for four years of that time the
©wed $400,000 to the school fund of this State
It may be claimed that our people are t
blame for this condition of affairs. Is this so?
Let us see.
The Southern Pacific Company was incor
porated in 1884 in the State of Kentucky. In
the same year, and immediately after its incor
poration, it leased the Central Pacific and be
came the arbiter and controller of all of its
business affairs, and by reason of the fact that
the Southern Pacific was a foreign corporation
it has the option in all litigation to either
bring suits or transfer suits already brought in
the State courts to the courts of the I'nited
States. For instance, at this term of the Su
preme Court of the United States there is on
the calendar for argument a case involving
$535,000 taxes due from the Southern Pacific
and Central Pacific Railroad companies to the
State of California, and for taxes levied and
ciKscssed for the year 1837, yet the litigation
involving these taxes has but just reached the
calendar of the Supreme Court of ourcountry.
The position thus assumed by the Southern
Pacific Company of Kentucky is in most in
stances a denial of justice. No* man who com
mences a suitagainst that company or against
the Central Pacific Railroad Company, however
just his claim, is certain when the action is
brought that it will not be transferred to the
United States courts. California being a vast
State territorially the citizen In such a case
wno asks the courts of justice for vindication
is often deprived of any rights in the premises.
VIII.
The people of California are further inter
ested in opposing the re-funding of the indebt
edness of the Central Pacific Reilroad Com
pany because the success of the producers of
California depends on cheap transportation.
ACTUAL INVESTMENTS.
The courts have held that a corporation is
entitled to a fair rate of Interest on its actual
investment. The question then presented is,
What are the actual investments of the Ceu
tral Pacific Company?
If its liabilities are what It claims— viz •
$202.491,584— then the shippers of California
if they undertake to pay the principal and in
terest on this vast sum, are hopelessly and for
ever bankrupt, though the interest be 3 per
cent per annum.
And again: No competing railroad company
maintained by private parties can ever ecu
struct or maintain a continental line to th
Pacific Slope, if the Central Pacific Railroac
Company is allowed to re-fund its present ii
debtedness at 2 or 3 per cent per annum, becau ?
private capital will not invest and corapet
with capital obtained at that rate. There ca
be no remedy for the present situation w hie
leaves the Central Pacific Railroad Compan
in its present management, and in full contro
of this railroad property.
It has been epigrammatically said that "Cal
ifornia is the last of the slave States." In rela
tion to its railroad' transportation and to th
influence of railroad corporations iv Norther
and Central California, it is the "last and th
worst of the slave States."
A UNITED SENTIMENT.
Whatever difference of opinion may exist
among the people as to whether foreclosure of
the Government mortgage on this property is
the correct remedy, or whether snch steps
should be taken as will secure to the Govern
merit ownership of ft line of railroad from the
Pacific to the Missouri River, there is but one
sentiment among our people on the proposi
tion.'- :
1. That there shall be no refunding act
passed by Congress, and
2. That such steps should be immediately
taken by the Government as will get back the
money and property which have been fraudu
lently appropriated by certain parties con
nected with the management of the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, and to that end
every department of tlie National Government
should be called into immediate action.
The honor of the American people is in
volved in this legislation. The stock and
bonds of the Central Pacific Railroad are scat
tered broadcast throughout the financial
world. The American Government has here
tofore given this company character and
credit at home and abroad, and to-day it
stands as sponsor for what this company does.
And yet by an act of Congress passed in 1887 a
commission was formed for the purpose, in
part, of examining into the affairs of this com
pany and reporting the result to the President
and Congress. That report was made to and
now forms a part of the records of the execu
tive and legislative departments" of the Gov
ernment. Jt shows a mass of uncontradicted
facts, judicially and dispassionately arranged
and considered, which prove that the Govern
ment and the other creditors of this company
have been robbed of from seventy-five to one
hundred millions of dollars.and these facts have
never been successfully questioned.
HAVE BEEN PROVEN' GUILTY.
In a word the officers of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company were proven to have been
guilty of frauds greater in amount and more
criminal in character than those proven
against Warren Hastings before the English
Parliament; and yet some of these same men,
as the representatives of the Central Pacific
Railroad company, now come before this Con
gress and demand a certificate of character.
The brazen effrontery of the demand has no
parallel in history. The American people are
honest, the American Nation is honest, and we
therefore ask that neither time nor distance
shall change or modify the relations of the
Government wit a tnis company or afford an
excuse for the condonation of fraud.
We do not ask that the dead be arraigned at
the bar of public opinion, or that worthy
women De sued, or that a great university be
dismantled, but we do demand that the chief
actor and most commanding figure in this
great fraud be brought to the bar of public
justice.
We are compelled to appeal to the Congress
of our country for protection. We ask that it
carefully and deliberately consider the de
mands oi the people of the far West, with the
hope that it will be able to see its way clear to
secure to the people of California tne rights
which they have been so long deprived of.
If the General Government should now stand
behind C. I. Huntington and his associates in
their effort* to refund the indebtedness of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company it would
create a monopoly which would soon be more
powerful than Ike Government itself.
IS CORRUPT LEGISLATION.
It should not be forgotten in this connection
that the very money which the Government of
the United States and the people of California
have contributed to this great railroad enter
prise has been and is being used to corrupt
and misdhect the legislation of the country
and thereby imperils the safety of the State.
The men who represent these corporations
now appear alike before the National and State
legislatures and even stand unabashed at the
door of the tempie of justice. They have no
political principles, they belong to no party,
are faithful to no trust and just to no man.
The time has come when the people must
make a declaration of independence against
this corporation or they will become bankrupt
in fortune and in character, if this is not
done private property interests in Cali
fornia will be destroyed, fortunes will be dissi
pated, industries will be imperiled and the
whole people will be politically and financially
crushed by a corporation more powerful than
the State. Morris M. Kstee,
Chairman;
A. Caminetti,
J. L. Davie,
Mayor of Oakland;
Marion Cannon,
£. M. Gibson.
A SOLDIER'S INJURIES.
His Furlough Brought Only Misfortune
and Mutilation.
Sergeant Lyons of Company D of the
First United States Infantry has fallen
into misfortune, and the result of it all
will be tbat he will have to leave the ser
vice.
His term expired a few months ago, and
in accordance with the army custom he
was given a furlough of five months, witn
the privilege of re-enlisting at the end of
that time and have his service counted as
continuous. Lyons wanted to leave the
army, however, and he decided that lie
would spend hia furlough in looking for
work, and if he found occupation he would
not return.
With this object in view he made his
way to Yuma, but he found nothing as he
went along, and when he got that far he
decided to return to the army. He had
no money, and so tried to beat his way
back again. An accident hapDened to the
train on which he was riding, and as a re
sult his foot was crushed so badly that the
railroad company's surgeons found it
necessary to amputate the foot at the
ankle. He was sent here and on Friday
he was taken to Angel Island. It was
there found that through neglect the
wound had become gangrenous, and yes
terday his leg was amputated above the
knee. He will have to leave the service,
and as he was beating his way on the tram
he can have no redress from the railroad.
NEW TO-DAY.
"77"
FOB
GRIP
Hark! 1
To the Voices of the Grateful.
The greatest of . all fame spreaders are
the loosened tongues of those made well.
FROM THE EAST.
Mrs. J. SPARKS, 175 W. 95th St., New
York City: "I have used Humphreys'
Specifics for years. I cannot praise them
too highly. "77" has proved a blessing."
Mrs. W. F. HANCOCK, Marlboro, Mass. :
"1 used "77" with great success."
FROM THE WEST.
E. E. PIERCE, Pastor of Church of
Christ, Clarion, lowa, writes: "77" has
cured a bad Cold in. my wife she only
used one-fourth of a bottle."
FROM THE NORTH.
W. R. STEVENSON, Hallomet, Ottawa
Co., Mich.: "I had a very bad Cold; I
used three bottles of "77"; it cured me
quick."
Mrs. FRED W. GILBERT, Chicago, 111.:
"I.have used your specifics with the best
results, especially "77" for Grippe."
FROM THE SOUTH.
F. STILLWELL, New Orleans, La.: "I
have found "77" very effective "
Mrs. HUGH MAYER, Princeton, Ky.:
'I used "77" for Grip and Colcfcs; am bo
much pleased with the success of it that I
want some more."
Small bottles of pleasant pellets-fit your vest
«??!.«. > : « EOld b 7 dr «egista, or sent on receipt of
cl 1n V or A for 81.00. Humphreys' Medicine
Co.. 11l and 113 William St., Sew York.
I' i _
• A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed care for primary, secondary and
tertiary ; cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Koom 1, 633 Market St., San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAY.
MDNYON
Strong Testimony for His Im-
proved Homeopatliic
long Testimony for His Im-
proved Homeopathic
Remedies.
DRUGGISTS KEPT BUSY RAIDING OIT
M CURATIVE LITTLE PELLETS.
If You Are Sick Ask lour Druggist for
Munyon's (ioide to Health— Buy a
25-Ccnt Munyou Remedy
and Tare Yourself.
If You Arc in Doubt as to the Nature of
Your Complaint a Personal Letter to
Prof. aiunyou Will Be Answered
"With Free Medical Advice for Any
Disease.
Mr. F. Heitmann, 1020K Larkin street,
San Francisco, says: "I must jrive my
testimony for Munyon's Blood Cure. My
scalp was a mass of sores from eczema
and although I had the best medical at-
tention and tried all kinds of prescrip-
tions. I never received any benefit until I
besian using Munyon's Remedies. A few
bottles of the Blood Cure removed every
trace of the disease and made a complete
cure. Prof. Munyon may well beproud of
his success in San Francisco, for Munyon's
Remedies are given preference over all
other medicines in every drugstore."
Mnnyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
er medicines in every drugstore."
[unyon'a Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures ail forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops cough",
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
depressed spirits, failure of memory, rest-
less and sleepless night ?, pains in the
head and dizziness. It stimulates and
strengthens the nerves, and is a wonderful
tonic. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headach*
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
unyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
s, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
and all liver diseases. Price 25c.
unyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in five days. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists,
mostly 25c a vial.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
able little medical publication that should
be in every home.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
Agents for
iiipfii
SPECIAL BOOK BARGAIN!
AMERICANIZED
ENCYCLOPAEDIA
BRITANNICA,
Revised and amended, 96 colored maps and nu-
merous Illustrations. A dictionary of Art, Sciences
and Literature. 6902 pages of clear type on fln«
10 VOLUMES CLOTH,
10 VOLTJiIES i>riee 95.00 p«r set; worth $20.
10 VOLUMES SHEEP,
Price 58.50 per set; worth ? 25.
5000 Titles Sheet Music - - 5c
WALfPAPER!
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Strefet.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO fIAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW "
WINDOW SHADES!
Any Color, Size or Kind.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
REARNY AND WASHINGTON stY •-»-'
iV modeled and renovated . XIX™ WARn IrE"
t o«a ; elevator rani ail nient ' * r * t *» ln • v«*SUNDAY .""..JANUARY 2<
AMUSEMENTS.
California Tkbateb— "lnOld Kentucky."
Baldwin Thkatku.— Grand Opera Season-
Monday, February 8, "Aida."
Columbia Theatck- "The Ensign."
Morosco's OPERA-Hors>-.-"A Man Without a
Country."
Tivo*LiOpEßA-HouSE.-"Ix!on: or. The Man of
the Wheel."
Orpheoc.— Hlgh-Clsss Vaudeville.
Cbovfs-s A lcazar.-" Wolves of New York."
MACBOSOrOHTHKATER (OAKLAND)— Schilling S
Famous Minstrels, to-morrow night.
M'h.tthi- CnnTKS.-DaUy a: Height street
tie llock east cf the Turk.
Csstral Park.— Broati Sword Contests, Sun-
day, February 2d, at 2:30 P. m.
Golbis Gate Pabk— Golden Gate Park Band.
I.AY District Track.— Races to-morrow.
V "auction sales.
Barrett * Sherwood— To-morrow (Monday),
Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry, etc., at 9 and 11
Geary street, a; I : a. m. and 7-Mr. m.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Two witnesses testified at the Hcaly Investi
gation yesterday forenoon.
A contest of the will of Dr. Emil Trenkle has
been commenced by his sisters-in-law.
The downtown pool-sellers forced to move off
the main thoroughfare into a back alley.
The Bryant and Brannun street electric line
was opened for regular traffic at noon yester
day.
The teachers of the public schools have com
bined once more for mutual benefit and educa
tion.
Captain Charles H. Matthews, an old retired
bar pilot, died of apoplexy at the Russ House
yesterday.
Beginning with February 2 the time be
tween San Francisco ana Calistoga will be re
duced both ways.
The Young Men's Christian Association will
celebrate the forty-third anniveisary of its
founding this afternoon.
Two car fenders were tested yesterday in the
presence of the health and police committee of
the Board of Supervisors.
Another suit to set aside the transfer of the
Pacific hank property to the Peoples' Home
Bank has been commenced.
The Superior Juiges have submitted the
names of 144 men, from whom the grand
jurors of 1896 will be drawn.
The winners at the Bay District yesterday
were: Afflatus, George Miller, imp. Star Ruby,
Carmel, Logan and Hueneme.
The Salvation. Army has discovered that
many of the applicants for the bounty of the
Robinson bequest fund are frauds.
Sergeant Lyons of Company D, First United
States Infantry, was badly injured in a railroad
accident while away on a* furlough.
"Unsettled weather with showers Sunday
forenoon" is the kind of weather which Official
McAdie promises San Franciioo to-day.
J. A. Linforth, insurance broker, has been
arrested for embezzling premiums paid to him,
and which he appropriated to his own use.
The trial of the next case against Dick Mc-
Donald, which will make the third against
him, has been set for February 3, before Judge
Bahrs.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art has been
enriched by the addition of a famous painting.
"The Captive," by Benjamin Constant, the gift
of E. F. Bearlea. .
Upon a complaint made by the Bank Com
missioners the Attorney-General caused to be
removed from their positions the directors of the
defunct Merced bank
A system of letter collection is contemplated
by Postmaster-General Wilson, and among the
list of places to be experimented with San
Francisco is included.
The floating committee is planning the pur
chase of a launch to conduct Endeavorers to
daily devotional meetings on board the deep
sea vessels lying at anchor.
The will of Allan Purvis has been filed by-
Robert Ashe in whose possession it was. It
directs thai his estate, worth $10,000, 6hould
be left to immediate relatives.
Reports of the operations of a short, swarthy
complexioned burglar with a lantern in tlie
vicinity of Taylor and Geary streets were re
ceived by the police yesterday.
The market for May wheat fell a cent yester
day from Friday's prices. The English markets
wi-re responsive, though Chicago advanced 11,I 1 ,
tents. Large speculative purchases have fallen
oft.
".ertrude Do-jgart is suing to make the stock
holder- -mi Francisco and San Mateo
Railway Company liable for damages for an
injury which she sustained while riding on
thai road.
Robert 11. Young and W. C. Bridgman at
tached the Kulda Planing Mills at 40 Spear
street, of which FuMa Brus. are the proprietors,
yesterday on accounts for materials furnished
aggregating -
Judge Bahrs has sent Sebastien Ramirez,
charped with burelary, to Whittier until he
attains the age ol 21. He is now 18- Ramirez
mi convicted of a burglary committed in the
house in which he lived.
I.oita Guittesey, the last litigant in the
Emeric - Alvarado case, had an execution
issued against her property in the disputed
territory yesterday, in order to satisfy the
judgment which was against her.
The Francis-Valentine Company has incor
porated with (100,000 capital stock, $25 of
which has been subscribed. The directors are:
D. B. Francis, S. I). Valentine, J. B. Hughes,
T. 15. Valentine and E. J. Valentine.
The Sunnyside and Castro-street addition
property-owners held a mass meeting last night
nnd were assured by School Director Clinton
that the district would have a schoolhouse
built before July. The Sunnyside Improvement
Club was organized.
Thomas Moore is suing for a divorce on the
ground that his wile, Klizabeth Moore, is not a
good nurae. Heuys i-he married him for his
money and he married her to be taken care of.
Am she na* not taken proper care of him he
says he thinks he should be released.
FROM HOUSE TO HOUSE.
Postmaster-General Wilson Contem
plates a System of Mail Collection
From Private I>\vellings.
The news haß come from "Washington
that Postmaster-General Wilson contem
plates working a complete revolution in
the system of city mail collection. Just
how far it will be found practicable will
depend upon whether the idea is ever
really materialized. The plan is to in
augurate a system of house-to-house col
lection.
At any rate, an order has been issued by
the Postmaster-General providing for a
system of collection from private houses,
and for the convenience of the experiment
boxes are to be placed upon the residences
or the gate posts of twenty-five cities, in
cluding San Francisco, as follows:
Allegheny, Pa.; Atlanta, Boston, Buffalo;
Charleston, w. Va. ; Cleveland, Detroit; hast
Orange, N. J. ; Indianapolis, Joii«-t, Iflnne
i New Orleans; Portland, Me.; Richmond,
San Francisco; Springfield, J.;. ; Bt. AJbans, Vi. ;
Kt. Louis, St. I'aui ; - : -vracuse,
'J'HL'uma, Toledo, vlcktburg and Wheeling.
No official information has yet come to
the Postoftice here,- but Secretary Richard
son says the idea was talked of once dur
ing John "Wanuruaker's administration,
and that Mr. Wanamaker had an ingeni
ously contrived letter-box which it was
thought householders might purchase
and place outside their doors for the car
riers to collect from.
uio box there was a sisrnal attach
to indicate whether the box con
tained mail or not, so that carriers conid
see at a glance from across the street. This
box had been selected from a perfect
dduge of inventors' productions.
It will be neces.-ary l>> increase the force
of Ttiail-carriers here very mucli if Mr.
■Wilson is serious in his intention. There
are 205 carriers in the City, and they are
all overworked at times.
THE WENDELL BENEFIT.
A Concert Under the Auspices of the
California (Juartet I'i unilioil.
C. T. Wendell is to be tendered a benefit
concert at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of
Seventli and Market streets. The affair is
to be under the auspices of the California
Quartet, assisted by the Treble Clef Quartet
and Messrs. Walter C. Campbell, S. Homer
HenJe.T, John Marquardtand Mrs. Breits
chuck-Marquardt. From the artists oar
t.cipating a line concert is assured, and a
good crowd is expected.
COUNT SAVIN'S
LIFE IN RUSSIA.
Sensational Career of That
Prince of Adven
turers.
SCANDAL UPON SCANDAL.
Eloped With the Wife of One of
the Richest Bankers of St.
Petersburg.
ESCAPADES AND AN ESCAPE.
How a Horse Race Was Won — Women
Who Were Hypnotized by the
Notable Lothario.
Little by little the past record of Savin,
"Prince of Swindlers," who is believed to
have recently passed through this City as
the Count de Lutrec Toulouse, is coming
Baron Ivan Malchin, Who Told Some Interesting Details of Count Savin de Lntrec
Toulouse and His Rapid Career in Russia.
[From a photograph.]
o light. Tne "Count" is now in the East
and the St. Lotus papers are full of Bensa
tional stories regarding the man's person
tality.
The latest contribution to the fund of
information concerning tiiis noble enigma
is furnished by Baron Ivan Malchin, late
of the Hussars in the Russian army and
a famous swordsman, at present residing
in this City.
"I knew Savin well," said Baron Mal
chin yesterday, "and I consider him the
greatest and most daring adventurer at
present living. All Russia was ringing
with his escapades in the '80s . He was
big, strong, handsome, spent money with
both hands, was a desperate gambler, duel
ist, Lothario and general high-rolier; all
the women were in love with him and he
stopped at nothing to satisfy a moment's
caprice.
"Savin belonged to a good family and
was, when he first arjpeared in prominence, j
a member of the Czar's bodyguard, the !
crack regiment of the empire. But his I
course toward disgrace was rapid.
"Among his escapades I recollect that
he imported a French charmer from Pans
and with her opened a fashionable gam
ing-house in St. Petersburg. No small
stakes were tolerated, and the woman i
fleeced tho jeunesse doree with utter j
heartlessness. One young French attache |
lost a fortune at the "house, and created a |
sensation by shooting himself at the door !
of the Parisian Delilah. This caused
such a scandal tuat the police could not
overlook it. The woman was arrested and
sent to Siberia, but Savin, with his usual
good Juck, and, doubtless, by means of in-
Huential friends, escaped the toils that
time.
"Another sensational scandal, which was
the gossip of all Russia, occurred at tne
celebrated racetrack at Zarkoe Selo.
Savin had been plunging heavily, and
finally placed all he could command on a
certain horse. The story current was to
the effect that before the horses went to
the post the Count approached the jockey
who was to ride the animal of his choice,
and, drawing a pistol, told him he could
choose between death or a fortune. The
jockey, it is said, rode literally for his life,
and landed his horse a winner by several
lengths, clearing for Savin a sum esti
mated at $50,000.
"Savin made and lost fortunes very
easily in those days. When his luck
finally turned, he disappeared from St.
Petersburg and with him went the pretty
wife of one Mohrenheim, a rich banker.
It was said that she was infatuated with
Savin, and before their departure laid her
dainty hands on jewelry, securities, cash
and all the valuables in her reach. The
police were put on the trail of the fleeing
pair, who traveled all over Europe under
various names, victimizing people on all
sides. In spite of Savin's incurable fickle
ness in regard to women his companion
remained true to him till the end. and
when he was at last run to earth she
contrived to end her life with poison rather
than betray her betrayer.
"Yes, Savin was arrested at last, but
even that did not end his wild career. It
was in Germany that the hand of the Jaw i
was laid upon him, but he managed to .
escape while in transit to Russia/ You I
see, be was a big, strong man, and while ;
on the train contrived to attack and ren- I
der senseless his guard. He had been
heavily shackled, but broke the chains
from his wrists and opening the door of
the compartment in which he was travel- ■
ing plunged out into the wild country and
liberty.
"The train was stopped and the ground
retraced. The spot where Savin's desperate '•
leap took place was found through the dis
covery of a pool of blood, showing that
the adventurer had not escaped without in- |
jury. As soon as possible a posse of police
was on his tracK. Bloodhounds were put
on the trail, but a friendly stream of water '
put a stop to that method of pursuit. i
"Fora long time Savin remained at Jarge, i
although the country was scoured far and i
near for him. It was whispered that he j
had every woman in the country-side as an i
almost unsolicited all/, and that they had
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
formed an unwritten compact for his pro
tection. When he was finally captured
again it was said that success was due
to the malice of a jealous husband, who
had serious private reasons for desiring the
removal of the formidable Lothario.
"Heavily chained and guarded by a
: strong corps of armed police officers, he
I was brought into Russia, tried and sen
tenced to Siberia.
"That is the story of Savin, as I recall
it. * ■
"In description lie tallied well with the
i Count de Lutrec Toulouse, who was re
! cently in this City. He was fully 6 feet in
height, broad, strong, had dark hair and
light eyes, was a good rider, shot well and
was a charming conversationalist.
"If he is Savin people should be on their
guard. His flight is so high and so bold
that it almost challenges admiration. He
i is generous in a way— especially, in small
: things, and to women is fatally fascinat
| ing. At least he was before he went to
- Siberia. It almost seemed as if he hypno
i tized iiis victims by the very frankness of
i his dissimulation. As I saul before I con
' i sider him the greatest adventurer that
ever lived."
j Baron Ivan Malchin is a young man, but
| has already gained a great reputation as a
j fencer. While in Russia, he defeated the
i imperial fencing-master Gussaroff, as well
as many other lesser lights. Before his de
parture he may try conclusions with local
knights of the broadsword.
j It wouid appear, as Barnum once said,
: that the American public like to be hum
< bugged. Even though all the misdeeds of
Savin are set forth they still bite at the
| bait thrown out by him. . >v
; A telegram to the New York Journal of
j January 17 from St. Louis says:
The name of Count de Toulouse Lautrec,
who is said 10 resemble Savin, the world-famed
adventurer, appeared to-day on the register of
the Planters' HoteL He wns accompanied by
Jts. A. Aldrich, a wealthy manufacturer, who
Came with him from San Francisco.
Aklrich, who i~ associated with L. M. Rum
sey, the JSt. Louis millionaire manufacturer
and mine-owner, went to San Francisco and
met the Count. He was completely cniuivated
by the handsome and polished Ruisian. Ac-
I cordine to Aldrlch, this conclusion was
reached largely from observation. The Count
claimed to bo unfamiliar with the English
■ language. He could make signs well enough,
! nnd it was while conversing in this manner
that the St. Louisan induced the foreigner to
visit the mountain city. A parlor car nnd
i every convenience was thrust at the nobleman.
' A week ago he started on the trip with Mr.
! AlUrich and a valet in attendance. He should
' have arrived two days and a half ago. Fear br
to his saiety was rife when a dispatch from Mr.
Rumsey foretold his arrival here this morning.
Contractor Carter. In the Oriel Building, and
Secretary Cox of the Business Men's League,
; were quickly notified. Just as quickly an in
terpreter was engaged. Arrangements were
I made with the Southern, Planters' and St.
i Nicholas hotels to accommodate the Count,
i giving him the selection of the three hostel
i rics.
i To-day telegrams were received from the San
! Francisco police denouncing the Count and
identifying him with the noted Savin.
When Aldrich and the Count were shown the
j telegrams from 'Frisco the latter pretended not
to understand them, ag they were written in
• English, while Aldrich refused to have them
interpreted. Aldrich paid:
•'There is nothing true in that; absolutely
! nothing. lam the Count's representative, and
! should know."
All further access was denied for the day by
the Count's friends.
The Count de Toulouse later admitted
that he was the genuine Savin. He said:
"I have papers here showing my identity. On
my mother's side I am a count and on my
father's side I am Mr. Savin. I have had
trouble in Russia. It is true I was in Bulgaria
! and was sent to Siberia for what I did in the
I Bulgarian uprising. I must, live in Siberia
! live years more, but not as a prisoner. Then I
I can leave, but cannot go to Bulgaria. The
I Czar has heard of my plans and is pleased with
. them. So are the St. Louisans, and the scheme
will go through. I will take several St. Louis
men back to Siberia with me to see for them
selves and to close the deal.
I may come back some time to live in St.
Louis. I like it here— the men are so nice.
All American men are very agreeable and
highly intelligent; also the ladies. I like the
ladies.
"If there is anything in these stories about
the Dopularity of counts among the fair sex I
will make a match. Oh, yes (and he said this
with apparent sincerity), l 6hall take an Ameri
can lady back with me as my wife. I am 38
years old and tired of being a'bachelor."
A number of local business men have paid
social calls on the Count here. He claims he is
merely a promoter of great enterprises, and
said he was President of Bulgaria in 1887, but
when the uprising was suppressed he was sent
to Siberia. While there he claims that he be
came interested in railroads, and that he is
working to develop land which he owns there.
Agent C. M. Grunwaldt of the Russian
Fur Company, who, only a few days ago,
arrived from Siberia and is well acquainted
with Savin's history in Russia, smiled de
risively when shown a dispatch in which
the Count de Toulouse admitted his iden
tity, but denied that he had been deported
for other than a political offense.
"A political offense,'' Baid he; "why he
knows that is preposterous. His offenses
were notorious throughout the world. He
thinks that by saying it, was for a political
offense that no ill will be worked him in
America, and he can go on unmolested
here. I see, also, that he says he was once
President of Bulgaria. He was never
president of anything. Note this, though :
When this notorious man, skillful ana
able as he is almost beyond comparison,
admits that he is Savin, the people had
better look out for him."
M r. Grunwaldt added that a great ser
vice had been performed when his mis
deeds were set forth. Consul-General
Artsimovitcb, he said, was also delighted
that it had been done, because then, if the
people were taken in by him, it would be
their own fault.
TRENKLE WILL CONTEST.
The Doctor's Sigter«-in-Law Think They
Have Been Unjustly Treated.
The sisters-in-law of Dr. Emil Trenkle
are contesting the will of the doctor, which
was filed last fall. He left an estate val
ued at 55,000, the greater part of which
he left for educational and charitable pur
poses.
The allegations made are that Dr.
Trenkle was of unsound mind when he
made the will and. was under the influ-
ence of Ida G. Skinner, to whom he left a
substantial bequest and to whose care
he left his property until it should be
divided. The contestants were not man
tioued in the will in any way.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Narrow Escape of the Bark
Mohican on Her First Trip
to This Port.
MORE DAMAGE BY THE GALES.
Deputy Sheriff Lindsay of Eureka Lost
a Prisoner, but the Harbor
Police Caught Him.
The American bark Mohican arrived
from Honolulu early yesterday morning
after a rather eventful trip. For years she
has been a well-known trader on the At
lantic, but last year Welch & Co. of the
well-know "Planter Line" purchased her
and in future she will run between San
Francisco and Honolulu.
The Mohican left New York for Callao,
and rounding the Horn some very heavy
weather was experienced. The cabin was
gutted and almost everything movable on
deck was washed overboard. Several of
the crew were seriously injured and a
nnmber of vacancies had to be filled before
the vessel sailed again for Honolulu. At
the latter point a cargo of sugar was taken
aboard and a start made for San Francisco.
On the 16th inst. a heavy gale was encoun
tered which raised a very heavy cross sea,
The decks were again swept and consider
able damage done.
Off the Golden Gate last Friday night
there was a fair wind, and the captain de
termined to save a towage of $200 by sail
ing in. Off Lime Point the wind died
away to a calm, and the Mohican Began to
drift toward the rocks. Over seventy-five
fathoms of chain were run out before the
vessel brought up, and then she held se
curely. Early the next morning an at
tempt was made to take in the anchor and
make sail, but the anchor would not
budge. Finally a tug was signaled for,
and the Sea Witch responded. She could
not move the firmly fixed mudhook, and
finally both anchor and chain were slipped
and the vessel was towed to the sugar re
finery. Later in the day the tug Rescue
went to Lime Point and picked up the
anchor and chain.
The Mohican was built in 1875 of heart
of oak, and is now as sound as a vessel
launched three years ago. She is 100 feet
2 inches long, feet 2 inches broad, and
19 feet 9 inches deep. The first mate of
the baric Martha Davis, now in port and
owned by Welch <fc Co., will take com
mand of the Mohican.
There was a great deal of excitement on
Broadway wharf yesterday when the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company's Pomona
docked. A prisoner from Eureka for San
Quentin hud escaped, and the Deputy
Sheriff had everybody on board searching
for the escape, harry Jones, a Mexican
morphine fiend, had been sentenced to
three years in the State's prison for per
jury, and Deputy Sheriff N. G. Lindsay
was told to take him to San Quentin.
When the Pomona came into port Jones
was locked up in a spare stateroom, and the
Deputy Sheriff forgot all aOout him until
a few minutes before it was time to go
ashore. When he opened the stateroom
door Jones was gone and had left no trace
behind him. Lindsay appealed to the
Harbor police and Captain Dunleavy in
structed the morning squad to keep a_ look
out for the missing man. Ten minutes
later Officer Harrigan saw a suspicious
looking character wandering aimlessly
along East street and thinking he resem
bled the description of the missing
accosted him. The stranger could give no
account of himself, so he was marched to
the Harbor police station. When Deputy
Sheriff Lindsay saw him he wept for joy —
it was his missing prisoner. Three hours
later Jones was safely lodged in San Quen
tin and Lindsay was on his waj r home.
The early morning storm of yesterday
did considerable damage along the south
ern part of the water front. The schooner
Rough and Ready got considerably chafed
at Beale-street wharf and while petting
out fenders Mate Hans Peterson fell over
board and was nearly drowned. Fortu
nately a line was thrown to him, which he
managed to grasp and helped himself
back to the deck. The schooner Alexan
der, at Hathaways' wharf, banged into
the ship Roderick Dhu. The latter was
only slightly damaged, but the Alexander
lost her jibboom. The schooner Novelty
broke away from her moorings, but was
picKed up by the tug Active, and the brig
Pilot Charles M. Matthews, Who Crossed the Last Bar Yesterday Noon.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
Lurline was slightly damaged at Folsom
street wharf.
The launch Amy and the tug Ethel and
Marion will run excursions to the cruiser
Baltimore to-day.
Bateman Brothers are now in a fair way
to carry the ferry depot trouble into the
Supreme Court. A warrant for $33 cov
ering the work done by the firm was
signed yesterday by the Harbor Commis
sioners. It will be sent to the Board of
Examiners for payment, and as that body
will probably reject it the case will at once
go to the courts.
James Murray, an old-time thief, was
arrested on the seawall yesterday by Of
iicer Crosby, He was attempting to get
away with a quantity of nalt and tin plates
from the British ship Inchcape Rock.
A lad named Willie Shaw had a narrow
escape for his life yesterday. The tug
J. H. Redmond was towing in the
I'anny Dutard and the latter had a
dingey towing behind. "Willie and a
companion were out in a small skiff,
ana as the tug and her tow passed
Washington-street wharf they thought it
a good chance to get up the bay in a hurry.
Willie caught the dingey, but ttie tug was
going too fast and the youngster was
pulled out of his own boat and left cling
ing to the dingey like grim death. The
crowd on the wharf yelled to the captain
of the tug and he slowed up, the lad was
picked up and the excitement subsided.
The question of water hydrants on the
front will come up before the Harbor Com
missioners next Tuesday. Chief Engineer
Holmes has been instructed to report the
number of hydrants and mains owned by
the Spring Valley Water Company and
Goodall, Perkins & Co. If the latter own
them all a resolution will be introduced
looking- toward the establishment of State
hydrants along the front.
AN OLD PILOT'S END.
Captain Charles H. Matthews Dies
of a Stroke of Apoplexy.
One of the best known and popular old
pilots of the City passed away yesterday.
He was Captain Charles H. Matthews and
for about twelve years and up to nearly
fifteen months ago he handled the wheel
as one of San Francisco's many steady,
safe and conscientious bar pilots.
The cause of Captain Matthews' sudden
demise was apoplex}', though he bad been
suffering with paralysis ior some time.
Between four and five years ago he was
first stricken down with paralysis. At
that time his illness was long and serioii3
and it was feared he would not recover.
But he did and he went back to the wheel.
The disease, however, olung to him and
affected him mostly in his feet and it was
with considerable difficulty that he could
get around. He tinally concluded to
retire from active pilot life, and lived com
fortably at the Russ House. A few
months ago he had a second stroke, but it
quickly passed away.
Aside from the vague expectations
of death at any time, which usually ac
company paralytics, Captain Matthews'
end could not be said to have been really
anticipated. On Friday evening he was at
the Merchants' Exchange, as usual, chat
ting with his old comrades, and he walked
to his hotel with Captain Stephen Castle,
joking and in good spirits. As dying
seemed to be the farthest thing from his
mind, he was altogether unattended by
any physician. Dr. W. P. McNutt had at
tended him during his former sickness.
His death was first discovered by one of
the chambermaids of the hotel. It was
noticed that though the captain's hour for
rising had passed his door was still locked,
and a suspicion that something was wrong
was communicated to Colonel J. S. Young,
the proprietor.
It was then during the noon hour, and
Colonel Young had his window-cleaners
effect an entrance into the captain's room
through a windew, and it was found that
Captain Matthews' body was breathless.
His sister, Miss Sophie Matthews, was im
mediately notified. An autopsy was held
during the evening, and Dr. Barrett at
tributed his demise to apoplexy.
The deceased first came to "this port in
1860 as second officer of the Swedish ship
Thor. He was a native of Gefle, Sweden.
Wl:en he came here he was still in his
teens. He went into the coasting busi
ness, and for awhile was captain of the
schooner Bowen, plying between this port
and Humboldt Bay.
Subsequently he was master of Captain
Charles Hanson's three vessels in succes
sion—the Canada, Shirley and Dancing
Wave. He also commanded the Young
America for a time. This last vessel he
took around to New York, where she was
sold.
Captain Matthews believed in the sea
and backed up his faith in the fortunes of
a seafaring life by purchasing from time to
time interests in various craft. The pos
sessions he leaves behind consist mostly of
part ownerships in the schooners William
Bowden, Lyman D. Foster and Bartlett,
and the pilot-boats Bonita, America and
Gracie S.
He was a member of the Master Mar
iners' Association and also an Odd Fellow.
His age was 54 years. He was unmarried
and the only relative he had living is his
sister. H. C. Porter & Co. of 122 Eddy
street are arranging for his funeral, the
time for which has been set for 1 p. m.
Tuesday. The services will be at Odd Fel
lows' Hall, under the auspices of Unity
Encampment, to which he belonged, and
the interment will be in the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
THE SFREGKELS CASE.
Argument on tlie Demurrer to the In
junction Issued by the Superior
Court.
The argument on the demurrer to the
injunction issued by the Superior Court in
the case of Ciaus Spreckels against the Ha
waiian Commercial and Sugar Company
was begun in Judge Troutt'a court yester
day.
On November 21 the Superior Court en
joined the company from commencing
suit against Claus Spreckels in the Ha
waiian Circuit Court, notwithstanding
that tbe sugar lands in dispute were lo
cated in the island of Maui. It was alleged
that the company was an American cor-
poration and moreover all the principals to
the suit were residents of this fctate.
Attorney C. S. Wheeler for the corpora
tion, in his argument held that inasmuch
as the lands were a part of the islands a
regard to the comity of nations would
move the corporation. He denied the al
legations of the other side and opposed the
injunction.
In the absence of Mr. Delmas from the
city Mr. Shortridge asked for a continu
ance till next Friday morning, and fur
ther argument will be heard at that time.
Improvements in Train Service.
Beginning with February 2 the time be
tween San Francisco and Cftlistoga is to be re
duced each way. The train that leaves this
City at 7:30 A. M. will arrive at Calistoga at
10:40 A. M. instead of 11 :05, thus shortening
the time by twenty-five minutes, and the train
that now leaves Calistoga at 5:55 a. m. will
leave at 6:10 and arrive here at 9:15 a. m. as at
present.
On the same date there will be inaugurated
a change in the service between San Francisco
and Ilaywards. The "swinging" trains be
tween Fruitvale and Haywards and Kiles will
be abandoned and a through service from the
mole to Niles via the First-street track will be
put on.
Arts and Crafts Exhibit.
For the benefit of printers, engravers and
fellow-craftsmen the exhibition of Arts and
Crafts will be open to the public this afternoon
free of charge.
ARSENIC IN THE TROUGH.
Some One Tampered With the
Drinking Water at the Arc
tic Oil Works.
MANY ATKOCIOUS CRUELTIES.
Evidences That Point to the Manner
of the Deed, but No Clew to
the Perpetrator.
There ha 9 been no substantial clew to
the poisoner of the Arctic Oil Company's
horses discovered yet, and the theory that
some perverted monster, who finds pleas
ure in the infliction of pain upon horses,
is responsible for this as well as the Jessie
street outrage is gaining ground among
veterinary surgeons and horsemen who
have given the matter thought.
The analysis of the stomachs of the dead
horses has not been made yet, but from
such post-mortem examinations as Drs.
Masoero and Robin have been able to
make they have come to the conclusion
that the poison used was arsenic.
Dr. Robin said yesterday that a good
many things seemed to point to the theory
that the illness of the twenty horses and
the death of eleven of them were dae to
arsenical poisoning, and that the arsenic
had been placed in the drinking trough.
When the stomachs of the deceased ani
mals were taken out they were found to
exhibit symptoms of arsenical poisoning.
The tissues were very well preserved, even
in the animals that had been dead several
days before examined under the knife.
All the horses at the Arctic Oil Works
yard are watered at one lone trough. It
is thought the arsenic must have been
placed in this Sunday evening or after
noon. The animals that drank first and
most died first. Those that drank last are
still alive, and it is expected that all but
one of them will recover. It is the custom
to fill the long trough and then lead the
horses up to drink. While they are drink
ing the spigot is left turned on, so that
the trough remains nearly full of water
even after the last horse has had his till.
One animal in particular, a big mare, had
the reputation of being the heaviest
drinker in the stable. She stuck her nose
in the water deeper, was more eager for
her drink, and the last to be appeased.
Sunday evening she was led to the trough
first, and she was the first of the horses to
die.
As near as the stableman can remember
those horses that were led to the trough
first were those who have since died.
Those occupying the farthest stalls, and
consequently were the ones last taken to
drink, are the ones that survive.
Among the lot is a big mule. Although
he drank from the same trough and ate
the same food he is as well to-day as ever.
"You can't poison a mule." said Dr.
Robin, laughingly, "unless you feed nim
on sulphuric acid undiluted." It is rather
a surprising fact that this particular mule
has not evinced the slightest signs of sick
ness from the very start.
One of the circumstances that seem to
strengthen the belief that somebody tam
pered with the watering-trough last Sun
day evening is the fact that on Monday,
when the stableman went to turn on the
faucet that empties a stream into the
' trough, he found it would not work
readily, and he had to get a wrench to
turn it. This was quite unusual, for the
spigot turns very easily at ordinary times.
Jsow the stableman believes that some one
was tampering with it Sunday evening,
and screwed it too tight. This also points
to some one outside of the yards — to one
unfamiliar with the spigot.
Already eleven of the horses have died
and one is now in what appears to be the
very last stages. Dr. Masoero thinks the
other eight will recover and be well enough
to work before the end of the week.
In the last few years there have been a
number of atrocious cruelties practiced on
dumb animals in this City, particularly
upon horses, and yet it is unfair to pre
sume from this that San Francisco is any
worse than other large cities in this re
spect. In fact, the public sentiment against
cruelty to animals is stronger here than in
many other cities. This is shown in the
fact that for an equal number of arrests
made in several large cities, the percentage
of convictions, both by juries and courts,
is much larger.
Secretary Charles Holbrook of the Soci
ety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals recalled yesterday a rather
peculiar case of horse-poisoning that
occurred only a few days ago. Two horses
belonging to J. Bradbury, in the stable on
Broderick, near Pine, were taken ill very
suddenly. Dr. Egan, the veterinary sur
geon, was called in, and succeeded in
saving one of them. The other died,
manifesting every evidence of poisoning.
Dr. Egan examined the feed and water,
and came to tne conclusion that the dis
order was caused by a poisonous weed he
found in the hay.
About a year ago or less an Italian scav
enger threw some kind of acid on the head
of a horse belonging to his ex-partner.
This caused a painful sore, or rather a
great many of them. Dr. Masoero minis
tered to the animal, and finally saved its
life. But the horse suffered intensely for
several days. Dr. Masoero thought it was
carbolic acid that had been used.
A simiiar case came under the observa
tion of Dr. Creeley some time ago. when a
horse used by Young's bakery on McAllis
ter street, had vitriol thrown over its back,
causing a horrible series of wounds. An
other very aggravated case of cruelty came
under Dr. Creely's notice not long ago.
A horse belonging to George Howell was
stabbed furiously in the abdomen several
times until the intestines were exposed.
Luckily the rounds were sewed up, and
after a long time the horse recovered.
Again, this case has nearly a parallel in
that wherein Mt. Holbrook Becured a con
viction recently. McCarty, a Eureka Val
ley grocer, stabbed a dog furiously thirty
two times. A jury found McCarty guilty
and fined him $100. January 15 of this
year, one of Isador Gutte's drivers was
convicted of beating one of his horses with
a huge clank, torn up from the sidewalk
by the angry driver. There is, in truth,
quite a list of cruelties to the lower ani
mals, but they have been inflicted by dif
ferent persons, and usually either out of
revenge to the owner or in a momentary
tit of fury.
THE JUDGES' CHOICES.
Whom They Want for the Grand Jurors
of 1890.
The following names from which the
grand jurors of 1896 must be drawn have
been submitted by the Superior Judges:
Judge Seawell— James M. Goewey. Albert P.
Redding, Samuel B. Welch, Edward A. Seli
ridge, Henry Payot, James S. Severance, Louis
H. Boneßtell, Edward P. Farnsworth, Michael
Maher, Charles G. Hooker, L. S. Adams, E. B.
Pond.
Judge Daingerfleld— L. V. Dole, W. T. Gallo
way, Robert HaiKht, 11. \V. Hauneman, E. C.
Calvin, F. 11. Kildnff. A. B. Maguire, 1. T. Milli
kin, John 11. Mueb, Richard Precht, J. Tormey,
John G. Conrad.
Judge Murphy— A. P. Hotaling Jr., Ernest L.
Lilienthal, Owen E. Brady, T. J. Stack, Drurv
Melone, Leon Sloss, Louis Radgesky, Martin W.
Fragley, James R. Kelly, Jules Cerf, Edward G.
Deunision, C. Edward Brown.
Judge Hebbard— Samuel \V. Backus, Hugh
Keenan, George Jones, A. E. Buckingham, A.
J. Rnische, A. Williams, H. Dutard, Harry \V.
Goodall. John L. Haskell, Harry Durbrow, Wil
liam J. Newman, J. C. Pennle Jr.
Judge Hunt— Patrick O. Aherne, John R
Martin, Louis F. Kast, George T. Gaden, John
C. Nobiuan, Michael Flood, Claud Hamilton
Robert Coulter, J. Ross Jackson, James X
Cooper, Raphael Peixotto, William H. Pratt.
Judge Wallace— Alex Center, C. J. Cheney, E.
M. Detels, B. Feuchtwanger, James J. Loggie,
Benjamin Newman, Thomas J. Phillips,
Adolph Koo«, G. M. Yates, William K. Lutz, .1.
J. McKinnon, J. C. Johnson.
Judge Sanderson— R. F. Acres, Andrew 8.
Mosby, F. \v. Zehftuft, F. 11. Dareson, James Pi
Logan, Albert I. Esberg, F. H. Beaver, 1. W.
Hillman Jr., Grofivenor P. Ayres, Imm Grant,
<'. 11. Schiueter, Rudolph P. s'peme.
Judge Troutt— M. P. Cole, Uiarles B. Per
kins, Joseph Fredericks. James <:. Nealon,
Garrett Middlehoff, Nathaniel T. Jatik-, M.
Spiro, George R. Fletcher, Robert B. Cranston,
Donald Ron*. C. T. Benedict, John IJ. Curtis.
Judge Coffey— James W. Cudwortb, Henry \V.
Caiupe, Leopold Diamant, James Fogarty, A.
Frelintr, Adolphus S. Hubb.ird, Patrick Plover,
Joseph M. Quay. Pierre Drevderni, James H.
Nolan, Raphael'Weill, 11. 11. Young.
Judge Slack— George C. Boardman, Clarence
G. Burr, Ernst A. Dentcke, Fred W. Eaton,. James
H. Garrett, Robert Higgins, John Horstmann,
William F. Mau, Robert MeMurray. Warren F.
Mills, Thomas Morton and David Samuels.
Judge Belcher— Oliver L. Hull, F. a. Frank,
R. K. Kittridge, A. ]!. Ruggles, M. E. Willis,
Frederick Holibs, Goorge A. Kohn, R. P. Ham
mond Jr., a. C. Irving, William L. Ash, Henry
A. Arnold, Edward Coleman.
Judge Hahrs A. W. Wilson, E-lward Cutter,
Arthur L. Piper, U.S. Hagen, William McCarthy,
August E. Drueker, Rudolph Mohr, D. B. Fak
tor, 11. W. Westptial, Walter N. Brent, R. J.
Davis and L. W. Storror.
HELPING THE DESTITUTE.
How the Salvation Army Aids
to Distribute a Charitable
Bequest.
Many Applicants Found to Be Frauds
While Others Are Entirely
Deserving.
The Salvation Army never does any
thing by halves, and the manner in which
it has taken up the work of segregating
the deserving from the undeserving aopli*
cants for the bounty of the Robinson be
quest fund has materially aided the Mayor,
who has the distributing of the money, in
seeing that it is paid only to proper per
sons.
The applicants are referred to the army,
the officers of which know almost every
professional beggar as well as most of the
deserving poor in the City. On its recom
mendations the applicant either receives
her proportion of the money or is rejected.
A batch of applications were returned to
the Mayor's office yesterday, on each one
of which was posted a type-written slip,
telling in the terse, idiomatic language
used in the army the worth or unworth of
the applicant.
Many of the slips tell volumes in them
selves — stories of privation, humbled pride
and direst poverty. Others reveal the dis
honesty of those who would appear to be
deserving, though really not worthy of
aid, and who strive to get the pittance
that would properly belong to starving
women and children.
The first slip in the deserving list tells of
the struggles of a woman to keep her fami
ly on $3 per week:
Crippled, unable to get about at all without
crutches. Four children, of whom only one is
old enough to work. This is a girl who earns
$3 per week, absolutely the only reveaue of
the family-
The next applicant is 82 and still strug
gling:
Good old soul. Eighty-two years old and
wholly self-dependent. Nearly blind, feeble,
but plucky and not half dead yet.
Then other deserving cases follow in
rapid succession:
Good, square case; hard-working, but play
ing in tough luck. Has every evidence of
present need.
A maiden lady, middle-aged, sick, in great
distress; utterly unable to assist herself. Good
blood, good breeding, great need.
Worthy care all around. Poor, willing,
square.
Old. Resides with daughter, who is very
poor and a confirmed Invalid. Both are fit
subjects for charity.
Very old and dependent upon the good-will
of her neighbors, without which she would be
unable to live.
Well known to us for some time as a faithful,
good soul.
Good old girl. About 80 years old, but full
of pluck, grit and practical piety. In season,
when she possibly can, she also cans— ln a can
nery. Distinctly poor, troubled with an affec
tion of the heart, but is a long way off being a
winner or a beggar.
The reports on the undeserving appli
cants read very differently and expose
many frauds. A lew of them are as fol
lows:
A fraud. Makes a pretense of peddling to
cover a more unwholesome and immoral call
ing. Hard drinker and general beat.
Is Mrs. Q. no longer. She has a new hus
band, an odorous reputation and about $750,
the bequest of a recently deceased sister.
The woman is not to be found, nor is she
known at the address given. She is, however,
by no means unknown to us, as she appeared
only recently at our headquarters drunk,
truculent and disgraceful. We are unable to
discern anything good in hersei f or her life.
Has a pretty easy brand of poverty. Two
daughtersearn respectively $20 and $25 per
month. The family has a piano, and baa
every appearance of being pretty comfort
able.
Undeserving. Lives quite comfortably, ia
able to give her daughter music lessons, and
allows her old mother to do professional beg
ging.
Young, strong, healthy. Works continually
at sewing shoes. Lives with her brother-in
law, dresses well, apparently lacks little, and
is a long way off from Deing destitute.
NEW TO-DAT.
* THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
_ DRUGGISTS!
1128 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
320 JS. Spring Street,
LOS ANGELES.
Free
Delivery.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Will deliver Drugs, Medi-
cines and Toilet Articles
FREE OF FREIGHT OR
EXPRESS CHARGES to
any railroad point with-
in 100 miles of San Fran-
cisco when purchases
amount to $5 or over,
PROVIDED orders are
accompanied with the
money.
SEND FOR PRICE LIST
j. IRON BEDS,
pH-N. 3** BRASS BEDS,
f FOLDING BEDS,'
"Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Reclining
. tflNlf Chairs,. Wheel Chairs,
I ffrtlll it Commodes, Back Resta
Will VI W. A. SCHROCK,
; w«as^ J- "''Ul — 21—
j ■ C?' - i J New Montgomery
'^ St., under Grand
Hotel, S. F.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXKY-AT-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. - Residence, 1630 Fell at. Tele-
phone 570. Residence telephone- "Pine 2591,"
78
THE CONTROVERSY
He Makes Important Dis
tinctions Concerning
the Issues.
RESPECTS THE SISTERS.
Rev. Chancellor Yorke Makes a
Defense of Old
Ireland.
THE TREATY OF LIMERICK
How It Was Broken by the English.
The Penal Laws
Defined.
The Rev. Donald M. Ross contributes the
following to the great controversy :
San Francisco, Jan. 25, 1896.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sin: In con
nection with the religious discussion now oc
cupying your columns there tire several urop
osinoni which should tie carefully differen
tiated and accurately enunciated at this time.
And your readers, in order to maintain an ade
quate apprehension of the true status of the
controversy should keep these continually in
mind.
Those interested in the discussion should
note the distinction between the Yorke-Ross
controversy properly so-called and the religious
warfare oi ihe pa>t month. The Yorke-Ross
versy neither had nor hes anything to
do with religion. It relates solely to matters
political and of this the proof is plain.
The newspaper discussion originated with
Peter C. Yorke's challenge and my reply. The
BUDtecMnatter in dispute related "to four prop
ositions which Mr. Vorke maintained could
not be /ound in the teachings of the Roman
Catholic Church, viz.:
"The Roman Church has the right to exercise
its authority without any limit set to it by the
civil powers.
"The Pope and the priests ought to have
dominion over temporal affairs.
"The Roman Church and her ecclesiastics
have a right to immunity from civil law.
"In case of conflict between ecclesiastical and
civil rowers the ecclesiastical ought to pre
vail.' r
These, as may be seen at a glance, relate not
at all to religious matters and have to do only
Witt) questions of politics and temporal sov
ereignty.
The public correspondence between Mr.
Yorke and myself on these topics gave rise to
the term, "Vorke-Ross controversy." My last
letter appeared in The Call of December 14,
and subsequent to that time the discussion in
the newspapers has been in the hands of nu
merous controversialists who have entered the
arena against Mr. Yorke. And these gentle
men have suffered the discussion to be cleverly
withdrawn from the important field of polit
ical debate and carried into the barren wastes
of acrimonious religious controversy.
But, Mr. Editor, I have noted that frequently
the lucubrations of these religious' contro
versialists have been introduced in the press
with the remark thatSonndso "contributes the
following paper to the famous Yorke-Ross
controversy, ' thus (though doubtless uninten
tionally) befogging the public mind as to the
real points at issue.
And for this reason I emphasize the state
ment that the public should discriminate be
tween the Yorke-Ross political controversy
and the religious strife ot others.
Then those who are interested In these ques
tions should note a distinction between the
Yorke-Ross controversy and the matters at
issue between the Roman Catholic church and
the American Protective Association.
The objects of the A. P. A. are set forth in its
published declaration of principles and though
the Romanists have a quarrel with that organi
zation that fact has nothing to do with me in
the present instance. The discussion between
Mr. Yorke and myself relates only to four dis
tinctive and definite propositions and I shall
decidedly object to having extraneous matters
dragged in even by implication.
And even as to those four propositions I do
not officially represent the A. P. A. I do not
know whether or not heretofore I have made
myself sufficiently plain on this point, but if
not, I shall do so now.
Early in the disenssion it was by Implication
asserted that I represented the A. P. A. I was
then willing to assume that position provided
that Mr. Yorke officially represented the Cath
olic church. You will recollect, Mr. Editor,
that I formally inquired of him if he was such
official champion. He replied that he spoke
for Peter C. Yorke and for Peter C. Yorke only.
And trom that moment it was determined that
I would speak for Donald M. Ross and for
Donald M. Ross alone.
Therefore the public should discriminate be
the Yorke-Ross controversy and the general
campaign of the American Protective Associa
tion.
Further, those who are interested in these
questions should discriminate between the
members of the American Protective Associa
tion and the religious controversialists, who
have been contributing to your columns for
some weeks past.
The objects of the A. P. A., as I have re
marked in the foregoing, are set forth in that
organization's published declaration of princi
ples. This declaration is too long to be repro
duced here, but he who knows them not may
learn them by procuring a copy of the Ameri
can Patriot, of the San Francisco American
or of the Daily News, for in the columns of
all of these the declaration is "standing mat
ter." In these principles those who take the
trouble to read them will find that not a word
is said for or against the Catholic or any other
.religion.
The controversialists, on the other hand, op
pose that church with theological arguments,
with discussions as to the comparative good
accomplished by it and rival sects, and even
with statements as to the morality of the mem
bers of its communion compared to that* of
members of other religious organizations.
Many, too, Mr. Editor, of those who have
been engaged in the religious controversy are
not members of the A. P. A., so that it is mani
festly impossible to hold that organization, in
any case, responsible for their utterances. Dr.
Case and his cousin may continue to disturb
all South America, Dr. Bovard may preach
against Catholicism, Dr. Wendte may grind
out theological, textual and philosophical ar
guments till the end of time, and Dr. Goodwin
affirm the superior excellence of his particular
creed- EEjfll
Tin the stars prow old,
ADd the sun crows cold
And the leaves of the judgment book unfold.
But these will not effect the American Pro
tective Association, since they are not among
its members.
Wherefore in the public mind a distinction
should be made between the members of the
A. P. A. and those who indulge In religious
controversy.
Finally those who are interested in these
matters should discriminate between the state
ments which are given the official seal of ap
proval of the American Protective Association
und statements put forth by individual mem
bers of the order on their own responsibility/
In your columns during the last few months
there have appeared articles from the pens ot
many members of the A. P. A. Mr. Brewer
Mr. Bowman. Mr. Hubbell and myself are de
clared members of the A. P. A., but so far as I
can learn, not one of us has any authority to
officially represent the order in this newspaper
controversy. Some of us may be officially au
thorized to represent the A. P. A. in other capa
cities, but no one, so far as this controversy in
the press is concerned, has received any official
indorsement. And for that reason, if for that
reason only, whatever we have written stands
as our own individual views and not as an offi
cial expression of the position of the A. P. A.
Now men join trie. American Protective As
sociation for various reasons, and 1 will not
conceal the fact that the knowledge that the
Catholic church disapproves of the A. P. a. is a
cause whicn brings many members into the
organization. Those who join the A. P. A. be
cause they are opposed to Catholicism doubt
less, subscribe to and approve of its avowed
pr nciples. They have, however, additional
personal reasons for becoming members, and
when occasion seems to warrant these reasons
are made public. * But manifestly the organi
zation as an organization cannot be held ac
countable for even the expressed opinions of
its individual members. As well might the A.
P. A. hold Mr. Yorke responsible for the words '
of the Irishman who said he would, like to
"shoot the domd Protestants" for fear they
would all turn A. P. A.'s.
For which reasons it is obvious that a dis
tinction should be mede between the state
ments of the A. P. A. and the statements made
by Individual members of the order on their
own responsibility.
IN RECAPITULATION.
Those who are interested in the present ques
tions should discriminate between—
The Yorke-Ross controversy and the religious
controversy now raging m the press.
The Yorke-Ross controversy and the general
issues between the A. P. A. and Catholicism.
The A. P. A. and the religious controversial
ists.
The official utterances of the A. P. A. and the
expression of individual opinion by certain of
its members.
And now, Mr. Editor, I desire to express my
gratitude to you for permitting me thus to
encroach upon your valuable space. 1 have
not by thi6 letterentered the religious contro
versy, nor do I intend to enter it. Personally
1 have the utmost faith in and respect for the
virtue, goodness and kindly works of the
Sisters of Charity and other Catholic women,
and 1 would de«ire to avoid disquieting them,
even while 1 contend with Mr. Vorke and the
Roman Catholic hierarchy concerning their
manipulation of American politics. \erv re
spectfully, Donald M. Ross.
FATHER YORKE ON IRELAND.
The Chancellor Makes a Brilliant Defense
Against English Aggression.
The Rev. Father Yorke, writing in de
fense of Ireland, says:
January 25, 1896.
To the Editor of the CaM— Dear Sir: In my
last letter I briefly referred to the tolerance
exhibited by Irish Catholics under the most
adverse circumstances. Allow me to dwell a
little longer on thecondition of that country.
'1 he advocates of proscription continually refer
to Ireland as an awiul example of the results
oi Romanism. They point to its chronic pov
erty, its political helplessness, its diminishing
population, its alleged illiteracy, and they cry:
Behold what Rome does when she is in power.
They iind but one bright spot in the dark
picture.
Ulster, happy Ulster, is prosperous because
she is Protestant. The inhabitants of that
province are enlightened because they culti
vate the pious habit of cursing the Pope. In
all the things which go to make up a civilized,
a peaceful and a progressive community Ulster
stands far ahead of the other three provinces
because she has the open Bible, while they
ciiug to the cult of that strange combination
kuuwn as Popery, brass money and wooden
shoes.
These ministers of that Gospel who measure
religion by the tleshpots of Egypt follow the
Irish in their wanderings through the world.
They seek them out in the slums and upbraid
them for their poverty. They note their names
over the doors of saloons and denounce them
for the.'r viciousness. 1 "hey s-earch for them in
the penitentiaries and cry out These are the
iirsUruits ot Rome. The most taking argu
ment these patriotic ministers can urge against
Rome is mat the Catholic Irish run the sa
loons, till the slums and populate the prisons.
I intend now, Mr. Editor, to examine :
First— The true cause of the state of Ireland.
Second— The real condition of the province
of Ulster.
Third— The facts concerning the Irish in
America.
Each of these subjects would require a book
to Kive it full treatment. 1 cannot do more
than hint at facts and arguments in the space
allowed me in your columns. To-day 1 will
treat the first point.
THE BROKEN TREATY.
The history of modern Ireland begins with
the treaty ot Limerick, 1691. When his cause
was lost in England James II attempted to re
trieve his fortunes by Irish heip. Like fools
the Catholics trusted to the word of the worst
of the Stuarts and fought for him and suffered
for him. Betrayed by his cowardice at the
Boyne the last stand was made under the
leadership of Sarsfield behind the walls of
Limerick. One siege had been successfully
sustained, but disappointed by a delay in re
covering re-enforcements from France the Irish
commanders determined to surrender.
They were urged to this determination by
the favorable terms offered by the English.
Accordingly a treaty was signed. The Roman
Catholics were guaranteed the privileges and
rights they enjoyed in the reign of Charles 11,
and a promise was given that at the next Par
liament the King would "procure the said
Roman Catholics such further security in that
particular as may preserve them from any dis
turbance upon the account of their said re
lieion." The inhabitants of the unconquered
counties were to be made secure in the pos
session of their property, their rights and the
practice of their caliiugs. All these provisions,
says John Mitchell, a Presbyterian, were "duly
ratified by their majesties' letter patent.
Sarsfield and Wanchop then, with their French
brothers, thought that they were leaving as a
barrier against oppression of the Catholics at
ieast the honor of a King."
But the "honor of a king" proved a broken
reed. The most shameful chapter in history
is told by the treaty stone of Limerick, whicn
stands on a pedestal in that city to inform the
world that the Protestant ascf "udency of Ire
land broke their plighted faith before the
names of their representatives were dry on the
parchment which contained their promises.
The Sunday after the treaty was signed the
Protestant Episcopal Elshop of Meath. Dr.
Dopping, preached on the surrender of Lim
erick. He argued that no faith should be kept
wiih Catholics. This lact is notorious. When
ranting anti-popery lecturers or writers bring
up the old calumnies that we hold that faitu
should not be kept with heretics let this be
their answer. The Protestant church of Ire
land laid down the principle that the solemn
articles of a treaty possessed no binding force
whe.u :aade with Catholics, and the Protestant
ascendency in Ireland for a century and a
halt put these principles into action.
THE PENAL LAWS.
The departure of the Irish troops for France
was the signal for the commencement ot that
bloody code of penal laws which Samuel John
son described as more grievous than all the
ten pagan persecutions of the Christians.
It is a curious thing that here in America at
the end of the nineteenth century the A. P. A.
is binding its members by an oath to enforce
the very same provisions which the penal laws
enacted against Catholics. The first Parlia
ment which assembled after the treaty was
supposed by that document to erant full reli
gious liberty to Catholics. It began by refus
ing the Catholic members their seats. Not
long after it was enacted that "a Protestant
marrying a Papist was disqualified from sit
ting or voting la either house of Parliament."
Early in the eighteenth century the Catholics
were completely deprived of the franchise. "No
Catholics shall be entitled or admitted to vote
at the election of any member to serve in Par
liament as a knight, citizen or burgess; or at
the election of any magistrate for any city or
other town corporate; any law, statute or
usage to the contrary notwithstanding."
But this did not satisfy the "Protestant in
terest." The Parliament was deluded with
petitions describing how grievously the Prot
estants suffered from the wicked Papists. The
Mayor, Sheriffs and Aldermen of the city of
Limerick plaintively represented that "they
were greatly damaged in their trade by the
great number of Papists residing in the said
city, end praying to be relieved therefrom."
As a matter of fact they were relieved by ex-
p r ess enactment. Another petition presented
was entitled "A petition of one Edward Spray
and others in behalf of themselves and other
Protestant porters, in and about the city of
Dublin, complaining that one Darby Ryan, a
Papist, employed porters of his own persua
sion." This petition was referred to the "com
jni'.tee on grievances." The grievances, how
ever, were soon to have an end.
EDUCATION PROSCRIBED.
By the 7 William 111, c. 7, all Catholics
were required to deliver up on a certain
day all their arms and ammunition. After
that day search might be made for concealed
weapons in the house? of Papists at any hour
of the day or night. The punishments were
to be fine and imprisonment or the pillory and
whipping.
Having taken from them the means of de
fending themselves, Parliament next pro
ceeded to brutalize the unfortunate Catholics
by enforced ignorance. Education was com
pletely forbidden. No Papist could act as
teacher, or even as usher, in a school.
Moreover, the law ran "if any subjects of Ire
land should go or send any child or person to
be educated in any popish university, college
or school, or in any private family; or it such
child should by any popish person beinstructed
in the jo-iish religion ; or if any subjectsof Ire
land should send money or things toward the
maintenance of such child or other person
already sent, or to be tent, every such of
fender being thereof convicted should be for
ever disabled to sue or prosecute any action,
bill, plaint or information "in law
or equity, to be guardian, administrator or
executor to any person, or to be capable of any
legacy or deed of gift, and. besides, should for
feit all their estates, both real and personal,
during their lives."
Let the candid American read this horrible
law and remember that it was enforced until
the dawn of the present century. Yet in spite
of it all the Celtic love for learning could not
be quenched. Those who could afford n
smuggled their children over to France ami
Belgium and risked outlawry rather than de
prive them of an education. The sens of the
less prosperous mci by stealth in me bogs, on
the mountain side, under the Hedges, and
were instructed by a man on whose head
there was a price. "The name of "hedge school
master" is sometimes used as a term of
opprobrium, but it is a term as glorious in the
annals of education as is martyr or confessor
in the annals of the faith. It tells of men who
braved the might of the Protestant ascend
ency in order that the youth of Ireland might
not grow up like the brutes.
It tells of the devotion of scholars who feloni
ously sought learning at the risk of stripes,
lines and imprisonment. No wonder the grad
uates of the hedge schools were a sturdy stock.
John McHale, the great Archbishop of Tuarn,
the most typical of them all, boldy boasts that
he learned his alphabet in defiance of British
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
law in a schoolroom whose roof was the blue
canopy of heaven.
YE HYPOCRITES!
And now let Americans think with what pa
tience they can assume of the sons of the Prot
estant ascendency coming here to free America
and presuming to taunt Catholics with igno
rance. Every word they drop from their lips
is naked of grammar. Every sentence which
escapes their pen reeks with illiteracy, yet they
presume to pose as protectors of popular edu
cation. For a hundred years their fathers
ground the faces of the poor, and having
robbed them of their wealth tried to rob them
of their intellect.
Thank God they failed, but the struggle was
sharp and the wounds were deep. To these
wounds the bigots point to day and forget that
their lathers inflicted them. If in Ireland
there has been illiteracy in the past the fault
lies not with the Irish, but with the English
garrison which knew that an educated people
would not long remain slaves.
It is curious how time brings its revenges. I
may digress here to remark that by a govern
ment system of examinations the Catholic and
Protestant youth of Ireland come into compe
tition each year. The results of these examina
tions for the past sixteen years have been uni
form. The Protestants possess all the old en
dowments, many of them coming down from
Catholic homes. They have the tradition of
teaching.
They can hire the best professors, yet year
after year the unendowed Catholic schools
have beaten them in every grade. The curse
of Minerva falls alike on the spoilers of schools
and on the spoilers of the Acropolis. The sins
oi the men who strove to condemn the Catho
lics of Ireland to perpetual ignorance are
visited upon their children.
PREVENTING POPERY.
But to return to tlie penal laws. The treaty
of Limerick guaranteed the Catholics freedom
of wort-hip. The world knows how the guar
antee was kept. The same parliament which
proscribed education decreed "That all popish
archbishops, bishops, vicars-general, deans,
Jesuits, monks, friais and all other regulai
popish clergy, and all papists exercising any
ecclesiastical jurisdiction, shall depart this
kingdom before the first day of May, 1698."
If any of them remained after that day, or
returned, the delinquents were to be trans
ported, and if they returned again to be guilty
of ireason and to suffer accordingly."
A law was also passed "to prevent Protest
ants intermarrying with Papists," and another
declaring, "no Papist shall be capable to have
or keep in his possession, or in the possession
of any other, to his use, or at his disposition,
any horse, gelding or mare, of the value of five
pounds or more," with the usual clauses to in
duce Protestants to inform, and cause search
to be made for the contraband horses; the
property of the horses to be vested in the dis
coverer.
One would imagine that tb» perverted in
genuity of man could no further go in devis
ing tortures for a defenseless people. But no.
The beginning of the eighteenth century saw
a long series of acts 'to prevent the further
growth of Popery." Surely Popery must have
been a hardy plant to grow in the discourag
ing environment provided by the Protestants
of Ireland. The following description of the
bill is given by a Presbyterian:
"The third clause enacts that if the son ot a
papist shall at any time become a Protestant
his father may not sell or mortgage nis estate,
or dispose of it or any portion of it by will.
The fourth clause provides that a papist shall
not be guardian oi his own child; and further,
that if this child, no matter how young, con
forms to the Protestant religion, he reduces his
father at once to a tenant for life; the child is
to be taken from its father and placed under
the guardianship of the nearest Protestant
relative. The sixth clause renders papists in
capable of purchasing any landed estates or
rens or profits arising out of land, or holding
any lease of lives, or any other lease, for any
term exceeding thereby one year. The seventh,
clause prohibits papists from succeeding to the
property of their Protestant relatives. The
tenth clause provides that the estate of a
papist who has no Protestant heir shall be par
celed in equal shares among his children."
Other clauses deprive the citizens of Limerick
and Galway oi the poor privilege promised
them in the treaty of living in their own towns
and carrying on their trade there, which it
will be remembered was grievously complained
of by the Protestant residents as a wrong and
oppression upon them.
MORE PROTECTION AGAINST PAPISTS.
Yet these brutal provisions were not consid
ered sufficient. A second act to prevent the
growth of Popery was introduced a few years
after. This act offered a salary of £30 a year to
all Popish priests who would become Protes
tants. For the discovery of an Archbishop,
Bishop, Vicar-General or other person exercis
ing ecclesiastical jurisdiction a prize of £50
was given. The discovery of any monk or friar
was valued at £20, while detection of a Popish
schoolmaster or tutor brought £10.
Any two justices were empowered to sum
mon before them any Papist over eighteen
years of age and examine him on oath as to
the time and place he last heard mass, and the
names of the persons present, as well as con
cerning the residence of any Papigt priest or
schoolmaster, and in case of the witness re
fusing to testify there was a penalty of £20
or twelve months' imprisonment.
I need not say, Mr. Editor, that these laws
were stringently enforced. The trade of priest
hunting became a regular occupation. The
captured clergy were brought up in batches of
four and five. The first offenders were trans
fiorted, the second offenders hanged. The
aity, robbed of their property by perpetual
fines, sank into the condition of tenants or
farm laborers, and even the noblemen and
chiefs of ancient clans, stripped ot their dig
nities and possessions, too poor and too old to
emigrate, became cottiers or serfs under those
who had stolen their lands.
The young and the ambitious fled to France
or Spain, and on many a battlefield of Europe
paid back old scores to England with the cry
of "Remember Limerick!"
THE CAUSE OF IRISH DISCONTENT.
I recall these things, Mr. Editor, not for the
purpose of exciting animosities but for the
purpose of explaining the position of the Irish
Catnolics. We have been taunted by the chil
dren oi the men wno profited by these laws
with our poverty. It is necessary to give the
reason. The wonder is not that' Catholics in
Ireland were poor but that they existed at all.
No other nation on the face of the earth went
through such tribulation. Never was a people
so persecuted and for so long a time, and never
did a race bear up so nobly. In spite of law
and priest-hunter and scaffold it clung to the
faith.
Is it any wonder that Catholicity is knit into
our very bones? In spite of robbery and con
fiscation it labored on and amassed wealth. In
spite of fines and imprisonment the torch of
learning was kept alive. And in spite of the
opposition of the greatest empire of the world
a man of that race roused his people to action,
and by their own endeavors, without foreign
help or external influence, wrung from Eng
land the reluctant measure of Catholic eman
cipation.
STRANGLING INDUSTRY.
But the wrongs of Ireland weie not wholly
religious wrongs. While the leaders of the
Protestant a.^cendency were tyrannizing over
their Catholic fellow-citizens England was
tyrannizing over the Protestant ascendency.
Indeed, the exceeding savageness of tne Irish
penal laws arises from the fact that they were
made by slaves to torture slaves.
During the reign of Charles II Ireland was
excluded from tne benefits of the navigation
act and her shipping interests were ruined.
In 1666 the importation of Irish cattle into
England was forbidden. Even dead meat, but
ter and cheese were excluded from the British
market. Driven by these measures into sheep
raising the Irish graziers produced the best
wool in Europe. Considerable progress was
made in the manufacture of woolen cloths,
and in many cases the Irish article was sold
cheaper than the English.
This was intolerable. The two houses of the
British Parliament addressed King William
and urged him to find some remedy for the
grievance inflicted on the industrious people
of England by the mere Irish. Listen to their
prayer: "Wherefore we most humbly beseech
your most sacred Majesty that your Majesty
would be pleased, in the most public aDd
effectual way that may be, to declare to ail
your subjects of Ireland that the growth and
increase of the woollen manufacture hath
long been and will be ever looked upon with
freat jealousy by all your subjects of this
ingdom, and if not timely remedied may
occasion very strict laws totally to prohibit
ana suppress the same."
The result might be expected. The exporta
tion of Irish woolens was forbidden and in a
few years the manufactures of the South of
Ireland were entirely destroyed.
Tne linen trade for which the soil of Ulster is
suited did not interfere with any Enelish in
terfstand therefore was tolerated. If Ulster
to-day is in possession of this trade she owe? it
not to British benevoience or to her native in
dustry, but solely to the fortunate accident that
she. did not come into competition with Eng
land.
These manufactures once killed never re
vived. The population was thrown entirely
on the resources of tho soil. The worst system
of land laws in the world extracted in the
shape of rent the product ot the people's labor.
Up to fifty years ago what the landlords left
was eaten up by the Protestant par&ons in the
shape of tithes. It is no wonder, therefore,
that when in the forties the potato disease de
stroyed the chief dependence of the people
famine ensued. Let it be remembered that
this was no natural famine, but one created by
law. During the worst years more grain and
meat were exported from the Irish ports than
would feed the population ten times over.
But the rent had to be paid. The landlords
in England and elsewhere exacted their pound
of flesh. The food which should go to the
starving people was torn from them by police
and soldiers and sent in the shape of rent to
minister to the pleasures of rakes and de
bauches in London and Paris.
According to conservative estimates a mil
lion people died of starvation and fever in Ire
land during the famine years. A million and
a half fled from their native land. But death
followed them. In one year alone, from 1846
to 1847, twenty thousand of them died of the
pestilential ship fever and saved England the
cost of making as many pauper coffins and the
labor of digging as many pauper graves.
During the pest half century five millions
have been forced to leave a land which would
support them all In comfort were not its re
sources drained by heartless landlordism and
its enterprise crippled by British misgovern
ment. They who would seek the true cause of
the poverty of Ireland must seek it not in the
character of her religion or in the nature of
her people. They must seek it in the per
sistent intolerance and in the persistent
injustice with which a stronger nation
has treated a weaker. They must seek it in the
history of the last 600 years, a history almost
as foul when England was a Catholic country
as when she separated from Rome.
Men who know nothing of this history
■wonder when they see the passion displayed
by Irishmen in speaking of British power.
What can they understand about the bitter
memories and the hateful imaginations which
the name of England conjures up. On this
soil there are thousands to-day who remember
the fever-ships and the great trenches where
the victims were thrown. Nameless, shroud
less, coffinless they lie on a foreign shore until
on the last day they shall rise to bear witness
against that Babylon which is drunk with the
biood of the saints. There are thousands more
who were cast by a landlord's whim out of the
home which their fathers built, out of the land
which their own labor had made profitable.
Deprived by process of law of that which be
fore God and justice vas their very own, shall
we wonder tnat their blood boils when they
think of the spoiler?
Yet this might be borne were it not that
even to this free land the minions of Britain
come and strive to renew the old intolerance
on these peaceful shores. The sons of the men
whom England used as her tools to oppress the
Irish at home are sent by that same power to
defame the Irish abroad. With hypocrisy on
their lips they come before the American
people and attempt to stab Ireland through
the Catholic Church. They try to cast the
blame of England's misdeeds on that organiza
tion which gave life and soul to the resist
ance to England's power, itut it is too late
to deceive this country now. A greater man
than the spokesman of the A. P. A. failed, and
when Tom Burke answered Froude he an
bwered England for all time.
The most beautiful, the most touching, the
most ennobling chapter in the world's history
Is that which tells of the devotion of the Irish
priests in the penal diys. In labors abundantly,
in prisons frequently", in stripes above meas
ure, in deaths oft. In jonrneyings often in
perils of water, In perils of robbers, in perils
from their own countrymen, In perils from the
gentiles, in perils in the city, in perils in the
wilderness, in perils in the sun, in perils from
false brethren, in labor end travail, in watch
insrs, often in hunger aud thirst, in fastings,
often in cold and nakedness. Through the
long centuries of persecution the Irish priest
hood won the hearts of the Irish people.
Against the oppressor they stood as a wall of
brass, and that the sentiment of Irish nation
ality exists to-day is due to the fact that the
Irish are Catholics. P. C. Yorke.
THE WINTER IN RICHMOND
Muddy Streets, Choked-Up Sewers
and Overflowed Side
walks.
Rejoicing Over the Anti • Cemetery
Ordinance— Running of the
Sutro Line.
All In Richmond District are rejoicing
over their victory in the tight against the
City graveyards, and consider that some
day they will be free from the presence of
those places.
"I am quite sure the Mayor will sign the
'anti-cemetery' ordinance just passed by
the Board of Supervisors," said President
Hubbs of the Property-owners' Protective
Association. "The closing of Laurel Hill,
Calvary, Odd Fellows' and Masonic ceme
teries will virtually close the City grave
yard also. And speaking of that, there is
no reason why the City cemetery should
not be closed up immediately. San Fran
cisco should do for herself what her citi
zens in Richmond are trying to do for her.
"Regarding the proposed ordinance not
one soul except the officers of the cemetery
associations has lifted a voice against it.
Over 300,000 citizens of ban Francisco are
in favor of the removal of the graveyards
without the City limits, and fifteen or eigh
teen persons — the three boards of cemetery
directors— are willing to sell a few more
graves and keep on making those hills be
tween Richmond district and the City
plague spots. I can't imacine that Mayor
Sutro will refuse to sign so important, so
progressive and so needful a measure as
the ordinance passed by the Supervisors
the other night."
The storms of the last two weeks
have left Point Lobos road — Richmond's
main thoroughfare— in a wretched condi
tion. This great street running from the
western end of Geary street at Central
avenue, west to the ocean, is a part of
Golden Gate Park and the Park Commis
sioners hardly care to claim their own.
It was placed in their hands while an old
stage road years ago and has been per
mitted to get along the best it couia while
the City was grading and taking caie of
the streets around it. Now Point Lobos
avenue is a muddy, slushy country road.
Complaints have been made to the park
people, but none of them have been
answered.
Even the city's Street Superintendent,
who is supposed to be bristling with solici
tude for sewers, has forgotten that the
drainage of Point Lobos avenue apper
tains to his office. While the outlet to the
sewer of that thoroughfare was being built
I the cesspools at the street corners were
plugged up, and the plugs sealed with a
penalty to the unofficial person who med
dled with them. The sewer outlet was
finished a year ago, but the cesspools are
yet sealed, and when the rains come down
the sidewalks are flooded.
During several days last week the office
of the Richmond Banner, on the corner
of Point Lobos road and Seventh avenue,
was surrounded by a deep lake, and Editor
Bond, throu-h the columns of his journal,
invited the Superintendent of Streets to
attend the coming "Night in Richmond,"
when the editorial gondola would be
placed at the disposal of that official.
To-morrow the Sutro electric cars will
make their trips, connecting with the
Sutter-street Jine. It will be, however,
rather an experimental day's run, but in a
very short time the line will be open for
regular work. The citizens of Richmond
consider the new road an incident in their
local life and propose to celebrate its com
ing in a suitable manner.
TWO YOUTHFUL BURGLARS.
They Looted a Houte on Tiro Occasions
But Are Finally Captured.
At the instance of F. G. Burges, who
resides at 1031 Vallejo street, two brothers,
William Heine and Otto Keine, the for
mer 15 and the latter 13 years of age, were
arrested last evening by Policeman V. N.
Bakulich and detained at the California
street Police Station on a charge of bur
glary.
Burges' home had been entered and
looted at three different times during the
past few months, and he determined to
keep a lookout, and if possible, catch the
burglars if they made another attempt to
enter his house. Last evening his patience
was rewarded, as he discovered the two
boys, who are now under arrest, leaving
his premises with considerable plunder.
He apprehended tne youthful law-break
ers and then informed the police officer,
who placed them under arrest.
Upon being questioned by Station-keeper
Bolan the boys acknowledged entering the
house several weeks ago and carrying off
several packages of chocolate. They claim
that last evening was the first time they
had forced an entrance to the house, as
they found tne door open on the occasion
of the oreceding burglary.
The boys live with their parents at 1111
Vallejo street.
Forty-Three Years Old.
One of the most important services to beheld
in the City to-day will be the forty-third anni
versary of the Younsr Men's Christian Associa
tion, to be observed at the Association Audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, address to be
delivered by Rev. Bishop D. A. Goodsell of the
M. E. church. A praise service will precede
the address, in which the Knickerbocker Quar
tet and a select orchestra will participate.
Service free to the public.
DR. BROWN TO
STATE HIS CASE.
The Noted Congregational
Pastor Will Defend
Himself.
FRIENDS SUPPORT HIM.
Grind Army Men and Former
Parishioners at the East Come
to His Relief.
THE ECCLESIASTICAL COUET.
It Will Meet on Monday Evening, When
the Accused Preacher Will Make
His Statement.
The mind of Dr. C. 0. Brown is still on
its throne.
In fact the doctor is quite himself again.
He has completed his statement for the
ecclesiastical body that is to begin the in
vestigation of his conduct on Monday
evening. There is a probability that the
pastor will appear in person. He is pre
paring himself for a finish fight.
Dr. Brown is an aggressive man. He
wiil not retire from the field until the odds
are overwhelmingly against him. This has
been the fight of his life and should he
fail in his purpose of vindication his
friends will still cling to him if for no other
reason than that he has made a heroic
effort to defend his good name.
Dr. Brown's friends are still clutching at
the hope that he may be able to clear him
self of all responsibility in connection with
the many charges that have been made
against his character, and that he will
eventually stand before the world as bright
and spotless as the noonday sun.
The investigation committee in the case
of Dr. Brown will continue its delibera
tions on Monday evening next.
The testimony of Miss Mattie Overman
before the ecclesiastical tribunal wiil be in
support of Dr. Brown. Naturally she will
uphold her own position in contending for
the innocence of the accused pastor.
The alleged confession of Miss Overman
is slow in forthcoming. The fact is she
has no confession to make. She will
bravely stand by her friend and his family.
Miss Overman will, however, be given
an opportunity to explain her relations
with Dr. Brown. It will also be her priv
ilege to recite any little incidents in her
life that may be suggested as her recollec
tion goes back to her married relations
with "Dagger Dan," the Montana gambler
and rounder, and later her erstwhile resi
dence at Spokane, "Walla Walla, Victoria,
Tacoma and Seattle.
Dr. Brown will not occupy the pulpit of
the First Congregational Church to-day.
He is not sufficiently strong to attempt
the ordeal. In fact, there is a great deal
of speculation as to whether the once emi
nent churchman wiil ever again face the
members of the church as their pastor.
His rehabilitation so iar as the First Con
gregational church is concerned is seem
ingly impossible.
Mrs. Tunnell continues to absent herself
from public observation. She will not be
on hand at the investigation on Monday
evening. According to iast reports she
was still rusticating at Visaiia.
Mrs. Stockton will not attend the eccle
siastical court, or any other court for that
matter. The charming widow prefers to
be left out of the case. Despite the fact that
Dr. Brown has accused her of blackmail,
she persists in refusing to come forward
and state her side of the case. She is a
lone woman and insists on being left
alone.
Professor Lloyd of the Pacific Seminary
will preach at the First Congregational
Church to-day. His theme at the morn
ing service will be "The Mercy of God,"
and in the evening he will talk on "The
Endless Influence of Human Actions."
Professor Lloyd ranks among the first
theologians of the Congregational church
on this coast. He is a profound scholar, a
deep thinker and an entertaining talker.
Tne following resolutions and corre
spondence were piven to the press for pub
lication last night:
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, I
San Francisco, Cal., Jauuary 2U, 1896. |
Rev. C. O. Brown, D.1).. Pastor First Congrega
tional Church, 170S Geary Street, City — Com
rade: I have been directed to convey to you
the following resolution, which was unani
mously adopted by a rising vote at the regular
meeting last evei.ing:
Wheeeas, It has come to the knowledge of
this post that our comrade, Rev. C. O. Brown,
D. D., has been placed in v position where his
good name and reputation is assailed, and
whereas, it is one of the cardinal principles of
the Grand Army of the Republic that we stand
by a comrade though all the world assail him,
therelore be it
Resolved, That we tender our comrade our
sincere and fraternal sympathy la his hour of
trial, and the assurance of ourconfidence in his
integrity and our hope that speedily his vindi
cation may be made so cisar that no stain shall
be left upon his fair name. E. Brooks,
J. A. Cruzan,
H. L. Scoville,
Committee.
By order of the post. H. L. Tickneb, Adjutant.
The following is copied from the Out
look, a prominent religious paper of New
York City, of January 18, 1896:
All who know the Rev. C. O. Brown, D.D., of
San Francisco will not be shaken in their con
fidence in him by the attempt at blackmail
made upon him by a woman whom the
Eastern papers have been exposing as an ad
venturess.
Dr. Brown very properly put the case where
it belongs, in the hands of the civil authorities
The following letter is from L. M. Gates,
president First National Bank, Kalama
zoo, Mich.:
K.u.amazoo, Mich., Dec. 31, 1896
C. 0. Brown, Han Francisco, Cnl..— Dear Friend
and Brother: We learned only yesterday of
your terrible trouble. We call it terrible for
such a vile attempt to blacken and ruin a
man's reputation and good name cannot be
expressed by any ordinary term. Last evening
our church held its annual slip renting, which
was attended by men and women who have
known C O. Brown almost from infancy a
mere child more than a third of a cen
tury ago.when a member of this Sunday-school
through childhood and boyhood to man
hood, through college, and into the university
never losing sight until you were installed as
pastor of this church.
Your life beiore this people so many years is
an open book to them. They know that all
these years you lived a pure lite, so intimately
were they acquainted, and that you are a man
of strict integrity, upright in all your dealings
truthful in and under all circumstances. They
all with one accord pronounced this an at
tempt not only to rob you of your money but
a wicked conspiracy to blacken your name
which is a thousand times worse. There were
no words severe enough to express thoir con
tempt for a woman who could enter into such
a foul conspiracy; nor on the other hand terms
strong enough to express their sympathy for
you and your good wite in this "time of the
greatest trial of your lifo.
Let me assure you that this people, who have
known you longer and better than any other
whose hearts and best wishes have followed
you across the continent, to-day seem closer
in their love, confidence and friendship by
reason of this trial than ever before, and have
the fullest confidence that the people to whom
God in his proviaence has called you will
stand by you and see that this wicked woman
does not in any way tarnish your good name
In closing let me assure you that Mrs. Gates
and myself feel a deep interest i n you ana
Mrs. Brown, and feel assured of your complete
vindication.
With kind regards and sympathy I remain
your sincere friend, L. M. Gates.
THE FLOATING COMMITTEE.
How It Boards the Deep-Spa Vessels
and Cheers the Men.
The tug Lillian and Marion, the prop
erty of Mrs. E. Thorold, carried thirty-five
earnest, honest young Cnristians out to
the sailing vessel Elginshire last evening,
when devotional exercises were held amid
ships, in the shadow of the masts and the
light of the stars.
The floating committee it was that paid
this visit to the sailors, who are im
patiently awaiting an opportunity to come
ashoie. It is the tangible result of a plan
that originated in the brain of Miss An
toinette Jones, a resident of New England,
three years ago. The Young People's
Society of Christian Endeavor indorsed
and carried into operation that plan, and
to-day in most of the large seaports o! the
world floating committees are following
this work among the sailors.
The Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union is interested in the visits to the
deep-sea vessels before they reach the
docfc and a committee representing six
teen evangelical churches works under its
direction. The officers of the committee
are H. F. Eden, chairman; Thomas Braav,
vice-president; Miss Lydia Hamilton,
secretary; George E. Duncan Jr., corre
sponding secretary; Mrs. H. Gingles,
treasurer.
The young people make weekly visits to
the sailing vessels. Every Saturday even
ing they board some vessel lying at anchor
and hold a short religious service inter
spersed with vocal music accompanied on
a portable organ, the gift of a piominent
firm of the City.
Last evening three sailors addressed the
audience of seamen. They taiked simply
but forcibly of the beauties of a higher
life and the dangers that beset the sailor
when ashore.
The audience listened respectfully and
seemed to enjoy the music and the half
hour of conversation that foliowed the
meeting. When the visiting party left
the vessel and the little tvs had begun its
labored puffing the sound was drowned by
a chorus of cheers from the whilom hosts,
each of whom had received an invitation to
attend some church in the City on his first
Sunday ashore.
The Golden Gate Endeavor Union ex
pects to purchase a launch, after which
the meetings aboard ship will be held
every evenine, instead of on Saturday, as
at present. The amount required for such
purchase is $1500, one-third of which has
been secured.
Psychical Conclusions.
A lecture will be delivered by J. J. Moise,un
der the auspices of the California Psychical So
ciety, at National Hall, Ellis street, this even-
Ing at 7:45, the subject being. "Tne Super-
Physical Universe — General Conclusions Re
ferding the Doctrine of Immortality and the
uper-Physical Universe in the Llgnt of Psy
chical Science."
Mrs. Cooper a Representative.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper will be a, representative
of California at the National Convention of the
Federation of Women's Clubs, to be held in
Louisville the latter part of May. The National
federation has a membership of 453 women's
clubs. Mrs. Cooper is its treasurer.
HIS HANDS
AND FACE
Were covered with bad-blood blotches and big
red pimples. He had taken a potash medicine
for his liver, and it did more harm than good.
He now uses JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSA-
PARILLA. He now praises JOYS VEGETA-
BLE SARSAPARILLA. He is now a perfectly
healthy man.
MR. WILLIAM MYCROFT, 454 Minna Street.
''As straight as a string," "as brignt as a dollar," "as strong as an ox," is
William Mycroft of 454 Minna street. In the parlance of his trade he "slings
the hammer," and right merrily does the anvil resound as the sparks splutter
and fly. and the great big beads of honest toil fall down around and about the
cheerful, healthful face of William Mycroft. I saw him yesterday. He stopped
for a few moments and told me what he thought of the great Californian herb
remedy, JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILEA. He told me how he had
been suffering from a liver trouble, then pains in his back ; how he kept awake
at night, scratching, scratching— always scratching; how he took a medicin6
with iodide of potash; how the scratching became worse; then he used the
Californian herb remedy, JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA. He mended
from the first week. He got better and better, was now well. He *aid • "I »m
. glad I insisted on getting JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA You know
some druggists always try to make you take ju«t what you don't want When
I went in for my second bottle I had to talk an hour before I cot it Y n » k«*
I get JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA when I want a good blood pS
her See-look at my hands and face. They are not filled with blood blotch*
are they ? Well, they were six weeks ago; that's before I De-an tnn« S
VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA." As I lef 1 1 conld hear the k !
out on his anvil, JOY'S, JOY'S, JOY'S for the Jaded. *°° d m * n b ° at
BANK DIRECTORS OUSTED.
Charges Against Several of
Merced's Defunct Banking
Institution.
Criminal Complaints to Be Filed Shortly.
An Old State Law to Be Enforced
for the First Time.
Information wa? received yesterday by
Attorney-General Fitzgerald that the Su
perior Court of Merced County had re
moved the directors of the Merced Bank,
in liquidation, from' office. Several days
ago the Bank Commissioners petitioned
the Attorney-General to begin proceed
ings to oust the directors from tbeir posi
tions. The Attorney-General at once
complied and began proceedings under
!> e law which states as follows:
* • And if it shall appear to the court at
■h hearing or at any time during the liqul
ion hereinafter provided for, on the peti
i! of one or more of the Bank Commission
, or any other interestrd party, that any of
1.0 directors or trustees or ufficers of said cor
poration have been guilty of fraud, ma!
version or criminal carelessness or neg
ligence, and that any of them are not the
proper persons to be intrusted with the
closing of the affairs and business of
such corporation in the interest of the
depositors, creditors and stockholders thereof,
the said court sliall cause to be issued in said
action and served upon said directors, or trus
tees, or officers, or any of them, an order to
show cause why they, or any of them, should
not be removed from office, "which order shall
briefly recite the grounds of the application,
and shall be returnable at a time fixed by the
court; and if on hearing the court shall find
that such directors, or trustees, or officer*, or
any of them, ought to be removed from office,
it shall enter its order of removal accordingly,
which order shall be final in the premises.
The complaint of the Bank Commission
ers recited all of the grounds mentioned in
the law — mismanagement of the affairs of
, the bank, fraud, criminal carelessness and
negligence, and that they were not the
proper persons to attend to the closine of
the bank's business. Commissioner Ful
ler went to Merced and testified as to the
reasons for desiring their removal.
It seems that the directors had ample
time and opportunity to avoid being offi
cially removed. Some time ago they were
requested by the Bank Commissioners and
other interested parties to resign, and they
promised to do so. . However, they clung
to their positions until removed by an or
der of court, from which there is no ap
peal.
Another section of the law above quoted
prescribes a punishment, by fine and im
prisonment, for offenses of the class men
tioned. At the office of the Attorney*
General it was learned that several of the
deposed bank directors will soon be called
upon to face criminal complaints.
This is the first time in this State that
the law for removal of bank directors has
been called into effect.
Queen Elizabeth had the strongest an
tipathy to a Sheriff's officer; she would
run away as fast as she could directly she
saw one, and continued running for miles
until her guards, who knew her weakness,
j stopped her.OUTCLASSED HIS FIELD
Sam Doggett in Front on Imp.
Star Ruby in the Nor
folk Stake.
GEOEGE MILLEE LIKES MUD.
Carmel Captured the Lorillard Steeple
chase Stake— Logan First in
Another Handicap.
Considering the threatening state of the
weather a good-sized crowd witnessed the
races at the Bay District track yesterday.
Two stakes were down for decision — the
Norfolk, over a mile, for three-year-olds of
1895, and the Lorillard for the steeplechase
division.
Although but three favorites won out of
the six sent to the post the second choices
that captured the other events were all
heavily backed, and the pencilers had de
cidedly the worst of the day's wagering.
There was a very pleasant finale to the
day's sport. On Thursday "Charley" Mc-
Donald lost his sprinter Hueneme in a
Belling affair, an outsider bidding him in
for a "Mr. Mansfield." After being
dropped in the soft end of a split race that
he captured in clever fashion yesterday his
old owner Did him ud $200 over his entered
selling price of $500 and got his bread
winner back.
The large crowd that had collected !
•round the judges' stand gave vent to a |
ringing cheer as the horse was knocked I
down to Mr. McDonald, the demonstration !
being intended as a rebuff to the under- !
handed practices that have been resorted
to in selling events at the Bay District iv
the past.
The Norfolk stakes, worth $1200 to the
winner, looked a foregone conclusion for
imp. Star Ruby, Che English-bred horse
undoubtedly outclassing as well as out
looking the other rive starters. He went
to the post 3 to 10. and, taking the lead at
the iirst turn, won easily from Rosebud.
The time for the mile was I :44^'. Peter II
was a distant third.
Joe Terry, a 10 to 1 shot from the Burns
it Waterhouse stable, got the best of the
start in the opening snort six-furlong dash
for maidens and led until nearing the
drawgate, where Afflatus, the 11 to o second
choice, collared and parsed him and won
by a length. Globe, the 3 to 5 favorite,
tinished third.
A quintet of fast sprinters lined up in
the following rive and a half furlong spin.
George Miller bad a slieht call over Toano,
going to the post 2to 1. Major Cook was
a well-backed third choice. The favorite
led all the way and won by three parts of
of a length from Toano in the fast time of
The Lorillard stake for the'Meppers"
saw nine do battle for the $900 prize that
went to the first horse. Frank Farrar's
pair, Three Forks and Mestor, occupied {
the place of honor in the betting,2 to 1, being
thejruling price offered against the stable.
A wise play cut the odds against Carmel
down from* 5 and 6to 2 Jo to 1, making him
second choice. J O C, Mero, Janus and
the other starters all receded in the betting, j
Cuddy sent Turee Forks out when the flag
fell, and evidently tried to set a new
world's record for six furlongs, so Lot was
the clip he set.
The jumper managed to retain the lead
until nearing the sixth jump, where Car
mel took up the running and never hard
pressed won easily, three lengths before '
Janus. Colonel Weightman was third. !
Aiestor, the stable companion of Three I
Forks, showed a lamentable lack of speed, i
n?ver being a factor in the running.
There were but three starters in the
seven and a half furlong handicap, Gilead,
Logan and Strathmeath. The latter horse
was a7to 10 favorite. Logan was backed j
down from 8 to 5 to 6 to 5 and leading the
entire distance won by fully live lengths
from the favorite.
Hueneme carried the bulk of the coin in |
the last event of the day, going to the post
even money. He led "from rlagfall and
passed the* wire two lengths before the
tnird choice, Banjo.
Track and Paddock Items.
Grannan backed George Miller exten
sively arid had a $3000 bet down on Logan.
The plunger from Montana also experi
enced a very successful day. He backed j
both Afflatus and <"'eorge Miller and took j
a big bundle of coin out of the ring over i
Logan's win.
Strathmeath broke down, which in a
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Fifteenth Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
•loppy. Bay District Track, San Francisco, Friday, January 25, 1896.
CQ"j FIRST RACE— six furlongs; three-year-olds; maidens; allowances; purse $300.
Index.
Horse, weight.
Bt.
%
574
574
674
471
466
1372
! Afflatus..:..... 102
Joe Terry ...... .107
G10be.....'. 104
Harry O 104
Japan i .......104
I Sir Collier ....104
Ii
1
3
i 5
6
!
2
!
2 Va
1 1
33
64
6
4 1
25
1 1
33
4 5
6 •
62
a 5
11
36
43
6
6%
11
22
3 16
48
6%
6
McClain...:/.... 8-5 11-5
Donnelly ....... 8 10
T. Ch0rn...;.,.. 4-5 3-5
Rowan '/. 15 25
H. Martin 10 30
Bowman 30 80
!
........
Good start. Won driving. Winner, W. D. Randall's eh. f., by Imp. Inverness- Affinity. Time,
1 :16 V». /■ - ■ -■ " •....' -. :, ■■.--;.-■ .- • - ■-' -■- ' 'V- •■'_.,
tr Q9 SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; selling; purse
odex. i Horse, age, weight. 1 St. 14 i/ a
577 George Miller, 6.107, 2 2h
(683) Toano, a Ill 1 8] Hi
666 I Major Cook, 4.... 102 ll 88
673 Mainstay, 4...... 103 41 4 6
t511; Hymn. 6 107, 6| 5
Horse, age, weight, j
23
1 2
4 10
32
5
lh
2 4 -
3 1
4 10
5 -
1 %. Garner ......
23 ; iDoKgott :..'.....
3 1% Cochran....;.;..
4 6/ McClain '..
6 ,•. L.' L10yd......':.
Betting.
)p. CI.
2
2
6-2
7
8
9-5
2
8
8
15
Good start. Won handily. Winner, W. L. Starfield's b.' g., by Loitin-"Emma. At post 12 minutes
Time, 1:08 . -y- : ..'f. • .--... • ; . ...
CQQ THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds of 1895; the Norfolk stakes; conditions; penalties:
«Jt7o. allowances; value $1500. . ,-• . , -•;.,.
Index.
I Horse, age, weight, .
Ist. I
V 4
| Str.
Jockeys.
565 Im. Star Ruby, 4.110 3 12
(580) Rosebud, 4 107, 1 2 2
444 (Peter Second, 4.. 110 2 4 1
(586) 'Herrnanita, 4 107 5! 6
630 Flashlight, 117 4 3»A
267 Favorv, 4.... 104 6 5Vi
13 I
22%;
5 2
3h I
4h
8
llVa
23
4h j
32
5 2 j
6
1 2
2 4
42
8 4
53
6
iVa
2 10
32 I
4 10 j
6V3
6
S. Doggett.
Donnelly
J. Ch0rn........
IB- Martin.
8a11ard.........
'Coady v...;-
-2-5 3-10
5 7
! 6 •■ 7
15 30
20 80
50 80
Good start. Won easily. Winner, G. B. Morris «fc Co. imp. b. fa., by
1 :44*4.
Time,
I FOURTH RACE— About one mile and a half; steeplechase,* the Lorillard stakes: three-year"
C olds and upward; handicap value f 1200.
Index, i
i Horse, age, weight.
St. 1 1 Jp
j4Jpj 6 Jp j Flat I Str J j Fin. I Jockeys.
210 12 13 110 15 j Cairns
88 420 416 415 25 Allwark
41 33 35 34 34 Swift
16 24 21 2444 Cuddy
5 [66 66 65 6V, Butler
63 ,5 V, 52 52 16 10 Mara
750 750 7 7 7 100 Finn
8 8 8 8 8 A. Martin
I I I I I Owens
I Betting.
Op. CI.
57 5 Carts el, 5 138
641 Janus, 6 ....188
571 Col Weightman,4.l36
(671) Three Forks, 5.. .1421
675 J 0C.4 146
(537) 'i ester, 6 135
1224 Mero, a 130
636 Moderoclo,4 130
560 jLounleß, a 130
3 24
; 6 6h
« 7
| 7 11
\vt
I 2 i 31
. 8 86
I 9 fell
3 .
10
3
2
3
•
30
6
20
6-2
20
4
9-5
7
*
30
20
20
Perfect start. Won easily. Winner, F. M. Taylor's ah. h., by Duke of -Norfolk-Carmen. Time'
:81. "Coupled with Three Forks. ...~V-j"™"
FIFTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse $500.
Index. I
I Horse, age, weight.
Str.
Fin. '
Jockeys.
(887)
(676)
1374/
Logan, ».'... 113!
scraihrneath, a. ..11l
jGilead, 6 110
! l
■
8
8
IVa
2 2
3
lh
2 12
3
212
3
1 6
2 16
3
'. Chorn..
I. Dosfgelt
Jurn5.......
2
3-6
60 .
6-5
4-5
50
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Alex. Shields' b h., by Voltlgeur-Pert. Time, 1:571,4.
596 81XTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $300.
: Horse, age, weight.
Va
~12~~
3 a
6Va
7h
5 1
9 8
10 4
81 •
if*
2V»
I «.-
Str. -j
<!!*) Hueneme, 4 100
5«? an i°.s 97
»?* Beatrice, 4 96
*?! |2?° leln J* 108
056 Harry Lewis, 5... 112
Chevalier, 5 106
Kaptdo, 4,. ]io
229 Barcaldlne. 4. '97
ill Co , r -Ruckinghni,alOO
645 boledad, 6. 99
' Chinook, 4. . '. "!!.*lO2
3
4
7
6
8
1
10
6
8
11
2
........
i
T7~
2 2
41
64
3%
9
7h
8 2 .
8 2
11
10
I 1 8
! ?Va
'5 6*
81
9
63
73
8 Va
11
10
1 2
2 4
3h
4 2
5 10
0 3
78
8 V 3
9 10
10 0
11
E. Jones...
W.F1yna. ......
R0wan.........
J. Chora
C0b0rn...........
Weaver.........
Pe0p1e5.........
Nicholson
Donnelly
McC1ain.........
80zeman........
4-6
4 :
16
2
100
100'
200
100
100
20
100
- . : :
jjj j
...v....|
.Perfect start. Won easily
j>osi twelve minutes.
Dimple.. Time,
measure accounted for his poor showing
against Logan at the finish.
Vf. 08. Macdonough had one of his
swell bets down on George Miller.
Dr. Conn has resigned his position as
track physician at IngJeside.
Hymn pulled up lame at the conclusion
of the second race.
There was a confusion of weights in the
mile handicap. The overweight card gave
Rosebud's weight as 112. The book
makers' cards had 110 on the mare, while
the announcement board under the judges'
stand said her correct weight was 105. As
the field answered the post call it was dis
covered that the January scales of weights
had been used in allotting the imposts,
and mat the mare's entitled weight was
107. Herraanita was also obliged to pick
up two pounds additional. The stake was
for three-year-olds of 1895, and was run
under the December scale of weights. The
error occasioned considerable delay at the
post.
For the first time in many moons the
Stuyvesant Club did not cut in yesterday.
Leo" Mayer also found the game too hard.
WITH A NEW FACE.
The Litigation Over the Transfer of the
Pacific Bank Property Open Again.
H. W. Hutton has commenced a suit
aga inst the People's Home Savings Bank
and the Paciiicßank.which has for its object
the setting aside of the transfer of the Pa
cific Bank property to the People's Home
Bank. There has been much litigation
over this transfer, and the suit just brought
merely presents the matter in a new
The new suit is brought 'under that l&w
which makes the rights of stockholders in
an insolvent corporation subordinate to the
rights of outsiders. The theory of the
suit is that the People's Home Bank,
being a stockholder in the Pacific Bank,
could not secure to itself tha Pacific Bank
property to the injury of the depositors
who were not stockholders. A. J. Clunie
is plaintiffs attorney.
SCHOOL FOR SUNNYSIDE
A Building for the District to
Be Erected Before Next
July.
Land to Be Deeded to the City for
a Site— A New Improvement
Club.
Sunnyside, Castro-street Addition and
the district lying beyond, toward the
Branch County Jail, are to have a school
house. That was practically decided last
night at a maus-meeting of property
owners in Dasse'sHall, 26 Circular avenue.
The school building is not to be erected
immediately, but while the Board of Edu
cation will have plans in preparation a
temporary house for classes will be used.
With such prospects in view the people of'
the growine district out near Ocean View
were highly pleased last night and con
gratulated themselves on their good for
i tune.
School Director Clinton addressed the
meeting last night. He stated that if the
land company would offer to deed to the
City sufficient land for a schoolhouse site
he would bring the matter before the
'. board at its next meetinjr. He assured the
property-owners that the board would in
that case establish a school in the district
within a week and have a suitable school
building ready for use by next July.
This statement from a member of the
Board of Education was received with j
great applause, and S. J. Hill, on behalf
; of the land company most directly in
terested, announced that two lots 100x112 ,
I feet would be deeded to the City this week !
; for the site needed.
A committee consisting of S. J. Hill, A. ■
J. Johnson and Eugene Dasse was ap
pointed to attend to. the matter in its j
various details and given full power to act
; and represent the property-owners.
It was then proposed that the people of
the district organize a permanent associa
tion, having for its object the improve
| ment of that portion of town. John Bar
| rett and Joseph .b'errea, who acted as
president and secretary respectively of the
mass-meeting, were elected temporary
officers.
The needs of the district were presented
by different speakers, and it was stated
that street work, electric lights and many
other facilities were absolutely necessary
for the welfare of the district and the com
fort of its residents.
The new organization was named the
| Sunnyßide Improvement Club.
Temporary organization having been
\ effected, the club adjourned to meet at the
I call of the chair and permanently organize
and begin the work of improvement.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
i _ r> _^_ r^_ i j,^^^J^^^_^ -i __^^ -i _^^ : _^_ | ____^- J ___.L _ ^_ -_-.-. J -^ J -» J -Qw>l--^- l _-ln_-_;_.^-,..-,_;, . NEW TO-DAY— GOODS. • , .. -
ANOTHER f EEK OF ODOffi IIMSIRIMAIE!
~ ~~ " — — *r i i i rr4 i rr'K — ■ — —
Our GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE continues the most OVERWHELMINGLY SUCCESSFUL
sale on record and each step of its progress is marked by a fresh array of BARGAIN SURPRISES.
This is the result of our clearance system of making SPECIAL OFFERINGS OF SPECIAL LINES AT SPE-
CIAL REDUCTIONS, our this week's array of which includes items of Cloaks, Housefurnishing Goods, Gloves and
Underwear that cannot fail to recommend themselves to discerning buyers as
THE :-: GREATEST :-: BARGAINS :-: OF *.-: THE :-: SALE!
"• ' ■ ; — — -; — ' — : r"-s**O«** — — — : — ; — — ' — — — ' !
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
. .- ."■ • _* t ■■.;...:
LADIES' CLOTH AND PLUSH JACKETS.
At 1 . SO.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and
twilled cheviot, black, reduced from $5 and $6 to $1 50 each.
At $a,50. r '•"'*
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and
twilled cloaking, plain and trimmed with fur, in navy, tan and black, worth $7 50,
reduced to $2 50 each.
At 3>3. 80.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of Ker-
sey, cheviot and beaver cloaking, in navy, black and gray, worth $10, reduced to
$3 50 each.
At 45.00.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of black
and navy Kersey cloth and beaver, also tan and gray covert cloth, worth $12 50 and
15, reduced to $5 each. . . .
At S7. SO.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of fine
grade of cloaking, plain, embroidered and braided, in navy, black and tan, worth
$17 50 and $20, reduced to $7 50 each. •
At iS.SO.
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, medium length, worth $12 50 and $15, reduced to $2 50
each. .
LADIES' CAPES AND WRAPS.
At 45.00.
LADIES' CAPES, made of very fine black cloaking, trimmed with satin and rows of
stitching, with plain or velvet collar, worth $8 50, reduced to $5 each.
At 47.50.
LADIES' PLUSH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with twilled silk, collar and fronts edged
with Thibet fur, worth $12 50, will be closed out at $7 50 each.
At *10.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, of fine quality sealette, upper cape trimmed with band
of jet and edeed with marten fur; also Double Capes of sealette, with upper cape
edged with Thibet fur; worth $17 50, will be closed out at $10 each.
At $1.95.
LADIES' WRAPS, long tabs, prettily embroidered, trimmed with fringe, worth $8 and
$10, reduced to $1 95 each. *
At 564.53.
LADIES' "WRAPS, made of fine cloth, richly braided, lined throughout with rich
satin, long and short tabs, trimmed with knotted or plain silk fringe, worth $12 50
and $15, reduced to $4 95 each.
— "■■■.-.j ..V:\— ■'«:■-"= -.:'•'.;-.■■ • -■•; :~. ■■
LADIES' SUITS.
At 43.50.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, made of black and navy serge, worth $7 50, reduced to
$3 50 each. " ■ • - .
I#.{J Wlurphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets,
BUSINESS IN A BARN.
Another Move Made By the
Down Town Race Pool*
Sellers.
A COMBINATION OF EIGHT,
They Have Quit Ellis Street and Taken
Up Quarters In a Back
Alley.
It is only a matter of another day before
the Big Eight of the poolrooms will be in
their new home.
These men, who conduct their business
of selling pools on races, trusting to the
THE BIG EIGHT AND THEIR HOME ON ANNA STREET.
[Sketched by a "Call" itaff artitt,]
fg[j Murphy Building, j
Market and Jones Streets.
decision of Judge Wallace to the effect
that they may do so by charging a slight
commission on each wager, have com
bined into one mammoth concern, hence
forth to be known under the firm name of
Harry E. Corbett & Co. Their new home
is located on Anna street, a narrow thor
oughfare running from Eddy to Ellis, be
tween Mason and Powell.
They have rented there the big barn
formerly occupied by the Baldwin stables,
a piece of property belonging to the Krel
inc estate.
Yesterday two score of workman and
electricians were in the place fitting it up
for business and the eight proprietors
were about, each giving his iuea as to the
better way for the players to get their
money to tne front.
Harry E. Corbett, one of the leading
spirits in the new combine, gave his
reasons for the move, which is calcu
lated to cause a continuance of downtown
poolsellini* regardless of the Ellert ordi
nance. He said:
"We, that is Levy & Co., HaHinan & Co.
and my iirm, had plaoes of business on
Ellis street, near Market. We were too
centrally located and the newspapers
objected to the rush and bustle caused by
the people who came and went to and
from our houses. Now we have moved
8 GBEATSPECIALS!
LAIIK' DUMBS!
At 35 Cents.
3000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, colors tan, mode and slate,
regular value 1, marked down to 35c a
pair.
At 65 Cents.
2000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED- KID
GLOVES, in dark, medium and tan
shades, also black, former price $1 25,
marked down to 65c a pair.
. At 75 Cents.
2000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in colors
and black, former price $1 50, marked
down to 75c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(large buttons to match gloves), all
shades and sizes, former price $150,
marked down to 90c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
... QUETAIRE GENUINE FRENCH
KID GLOVES, in colors and black,
former price $1 50, marked down to 90c
a pair. •
LADIES'
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
; :.- . At 50 Cents.
30 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS,
lined back, tucked front, sailor collar
and cuffs, finished with hemstitching,
. will be offered at 50c each.
At 50 Cents.
20 dozen LADIES CHEMISES, made of
heavy muslin." "yoke of fine tucks, % fin-
ished with cording, wiil' be offered "at
50c each.
At 50 Cents.
t ill . *J\J VjWlllSi
10 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of
: Wamsutta muslin, yoke band, finished
with deep ruffle of embroidery, will be
offered at 50c each.
\ttlj Murphy Building, £
Market and Jones Streets.
; L away from where people can see us, ex
cepting if tVy want to hunt us up, and
, we propose to conduct commission broker
age as a business with the buyina of pool
! tickets on races as our commodity.
"The new firm comprises all the big
■ poolmen of the City. These are:
• Schwartz, Kingsiey, Driscoll. Israel, Halli
. nan, Levy, Dormer and Corbett. We are
equally interested and will conduct busi
ness under one roof. If poolselling down
-1 town is a nuisance we have therefore
i reduced the nuisance to a minimum."
Mr. Corbett and his associates are still
! waiting for Judge Wallace's decision as to
I | their rieht to violate the Ellert ordinance
> | prohibiting the sale of pool tickets outside
i j of the track where the races take place.
! j They expect that when this decision is
■ given Edward Corrigan of the Ingleside
track and Thomas H. Williams Jr. of the
; Bay District track will allow them to get a
i direct telegraphic wire from these courses.
• j But they may be counting without their
i I host. Neither Mr. Corrigan nor Mr. Wil
■ liama will allow any but their own private
wire to enter the racetracks in which they
. are interested.
i In the meantime, however, the Anna
> street poolmen have arranged for a quiet
s service of their own. They have rented
' the tower-like building on the south
l westerly side of the track, whence the races
I I may easily be Been and the results wired
HOUSEFURNISHINGS, Etc.
Reduced to 53.00 a. Pair.
One hne HEAVY CHENILLE PORTIERES, 44 inches wide, good grade chenille
deep dadoes; were $4.
«. R-eduoed to A 2.00 a Pair.
IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3 yards long, neatly made; that were $2 75.
««»,m»^ Reduced to 8S Cents a Pair.
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, eood grade, 3 yards long ana 40 inches wide: reduced
from $1 25 (same 3}^ yards long at $1).
Reduced to 02.00 a Pair.
BAY-WINDOW WIDTH NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 4 yards long and 60 inches
wide; reduced from $3.
Reduoed to $2.50 Sach.
GOOD INGRAIN UNION ART SQUARE CARPETS, new colorings-Sizes 6x9 feet,
$2 50 each ; 7)^x9 feet, $3 25 each ; 9x9 feet, $3 75 each ; 9x1034 feet, $4 50 each : 9x12
feet, $5 each, and 9xl3^ feet, $5 75 each— worth double.
Reduced to fil.OO X3acn.
BEST GRADE REVERSIBLE SMYRNA RUGS— Size 18x36 inches, $1; size 21x48
inches, $1 50; size 26x54 inches, $2 ; size 30x60 inches, $2 50: size 36x72 inches, $3 90.
Reduced to 25 Cents a "Yard.
FAIR QUALITY TABLE DAMASKS, in full bleached, half bleached and turkey red,
full widths; that were 35c and 40c.
Reduced to 35 Cents a Y"ard.
One case GOOD ECRU TABLE DAMASK, all pure liven, that was 45c.
Reduoed to 6'i Cents a "STard.
One lot HEAVY ALL-LINEN UNBLEACHED CRASH TOWELING, 18^ inches
wide, that was 10c.
Reduced to $1.23 a Pair.
One case HEAVY DOUBLE-BED SIZE (11-4) WHITE BLANKETS; that weresl 75.
R.educed to $2.85 a Pair.
Two lota 10-4 BIiANKETS— one lot in silver gray, the other lot white— almost all wool;
that were $3 50 a pair.
Reduced to 5 Cents a Yard.
GOOD DARK CALICOS AND FLANNELETTEa, a nice line of colorings; were 7J^c.
R.educed to Q% Cents a, Yard.
The HEAVY ENGLISH FLANNELETTES, in a grand live of colorings ; that were 10c.
DAMAGED BY WATER!
To close out all the residue of the lines recently DAMAGED BY WATER (although
those most injured have been sold) we will make cleariug cuts in what remains, viz:
TWO LINES FINE BLANKETS,
BLEACHED AND UNBLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS,
CANTON FLANNELS, Etc., Etc.
£r£r Murphy Building, J
Market anl Jones Streets.
into town. In addition to this they have
engaged a score of young men to enter the
grounds and leave there in relays with the
opening and closing odds on each horse,
the weights, the names of the jockeys and
the results as given from the judges'
stand. The races, us they occur, will be
seen from the tower and telegraphed into
town just as they used to be before the
poolmen were refused telegraphic service.
The poolmen have evidently got a shade
the best of the controversy since the races
at the Bay District Track have begun, but
this advantage will cease as soon as the
races at Ingleside are resumed in ten days.
At the latter place there are no towers or
outside wires which may be used.
On an average fift3 r -one stray dogs are
taken to the JBattersea Home, London,
every day.
NEW TO-DAY.
1888 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED.
1895 Models Will be Sold for
555.00.
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
1596 Ramblers .$lOO.OO
1895 ■ Ramblers..': 85.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1825 Market St., S. F.
427 S. Spring at., Los Angeles.
— — 5- _
lp§P' BARNES
HOOKER & GO. /PSffiO^^
16-18 Drumm St. f/ntMl iSMSP^I
RETAIL STORE! I |PfHBVSW?I»J 1
1640 Market St. \ VPmJM T ' Mjjrtjff I
Ely's Cream Bato|»!§!
Cleanses the Nasal S^^^^^liatfl
Passages, Allays Pain r HfMn/r".f'(3\B r^S
and Inflammatlou, tkP^ ~*<&!*J?A
Restores the Senses ofRM 'VvJfJ&G
Taste and Swell. _^S"^FB&
Heals the Sores. ■
Apply Balm Into each nostril ■ HbC«v3^bM
ELT_BROS,SBWarrtn it,N.T HI _ f^*
S k EflP DISEASES '
IHI^SWAYNrs
ABSOLUTELY CtTBKS. UiHTMENT
«m iicflo «pj>Ue«tiea at " Bw»tW« Onrrasin" vit)ie«
■By Internal inediola«, win cure »ot «ut of Tetter B*U
Ehtiim. Kln«*tnn, Piln.l^h, HAre*. rtmplei. KrT.ip<>U.,*(v
m B*U«r how o i>4 lio »te »r tone it ndisg. S*H by <£>**££
« Mat br mall for 60 eu. 3 Boxe., fi.* AddrSi St
UU Murphy Building, /
Market at Jones Streets.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
\II vuUui
ON ACCOUNT J)F THE FENCE.
Do you know a bargain if you see it? If you do
call and examine a line of Ladies' Button and Lace
Shoes which we offer for sale this week. They are
made of the finest French vici kid, and have very
pointed toes and pointed patent-leather tips, and
are hand-sewed welts, and we will sell them for
$2.65,
And being hand-sewed welts, they are free from
tacks, nails or threads. They are perfect litters.
End are made in th« very latest style. Button or
lace, all sizes, all widths. The regular price $4.
jgpConntry orders saucura.
JsST Send for New Illustrated Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
10 Third Street, San FranoUoo.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
THE SUCCESS OP THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
. OF THE-
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN FXTII. MIDNIGHT.
LIPOTAIJR., /-"X
Chinese Tea and Herb L-- j
Sanitarium, ; p^iHf
No. 727 Washington St., \♦» 3
San Francisco, Cal. \"&- 9
Cor. Brenjtuun Place, moots itSl^t A
i theplara.
Office Hours: 9to 13, «—^^Bfc [JWr>\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
day, 9 A.M. to 12 M.
■ ■, - - •
Li To Tai Jr., son of the famous Li Pa
Tai, has taken bis father's business,'
and Is, after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
Ik *§f These tiny Capsules are superior
fc\^to Balsam of , Copaiba, /^^*S
■ TV 1 Cubcb3 and Injections, (ff^/f
Ici i They cure in 43 hours the V _,J
l|g*^J|same diseases without anyincon-
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKKS. THK
great Mexican Remedy; give* Health »ad
Strength to the Sexual Organs.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FranclseeCAXA—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Biglit in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery stnst,
corner Clay: open until 9:3o o'clock.
831 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, ep«a
■Dill 9 o'clock.
8518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
11K Mntii streei, open until 9:30 o'clock.
< CHUKCH- NOTICES.
■rjgsjfcTßirrrrYi CHURCH, cor. BUSH AND
l*3S f noii^h sts.— Rev. George Edward Walk, rec-
tor. Morning pr«vor and sermon by the rector at
1] o'clock. At 7:30 !■• m. the Rev. Canon Good,
for ovrr thirty years a missionary in British Colum-
bia, «ill relate his experiences. All welcome.
a ! BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY ST..
ia--^ near Jones— M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. January 26, 1891 i. Preaching |
by the pastor at 11 a. m. Subject, "A Golden
Silence"; and at 7:30 p. m., topic, "God's Side of I
Life." Baptism at evening service. Sunday-school
at 12:30 P. M. Y. 1 . S. of C. E." lit 6:30 P. M.
.iiiiik; Men's meeting Tuesday evening at 8
o'clock, < hrlstian culture class each Friday even-
Ins at 8 o'clock. All these services are open to the
public. Strangers are welcome.
jkSsp ~v v LVA KY I'UK.si'.Y 1 A n cjiurch ,
L^-*^ corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Rev.
John Hemphill, D.D., pastor. Rev. Arthur Crosby,
M.A., will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Mori Ini music: 'Te Deam"(M.oeenthal); offertory,
••'I he Lord My Pasture shall Prepare." Evening
music: "Jubilate Deo" (Holden): offertory, by the
quartet. All are invited.
I?E~S=" THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
ta-S^ Fifteenth St.. near Mission— William
Rader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m.; subject,
■■Crashed Ret-as and Smoking Flax." Services at
7:30 p. M.: subject, "Martin Luther, the Reforma-
tion and Religious Liberty" Music by chorus
choir oder direction of William C. Stadtfeld:
••re Deum" (Gelbel): "Hosanna in the Highest"
(siaicer); "Turn Ti.v Face" (Sullivan); "Nearer to
Thee"' (otadt), male quartet. All are cordially
invited.
12--^ PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL
Es^t 7 Church, Post St., between Buchauan and
Webster— Rev. W. D. Williams, D.D., pastor.
Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. si. Sunday-
schools m ::-to a. v. and 12:30 P. m. Professor
Lloyd's liible class hi 12:30 P. M. Junior En-
deavor. i r. m. Christian Endeavor consecration
meeting 6:3o p. M. Morning sermon, "Like His
Brethren." Evening sermon, "Vanities and
Verities.'.' Good singing. Everybody welcome.
it's} FIRST ENGLISH LUTHERAN
tt^-^ Church, on Geary st., nr. Gough — Oscar
Jl.Gruver, pustor. Divine services Sunday at 11
a. m. ami 7:4T) p. If.; Sunday -school a: 9:45 a. m.:
catechetical class a; 6:45 P. m.; prayer-meeting
Y\'ednes.day at 7:45 p.m. Morning subject, "Con-
scious Unworthiness a Real Worthiness"; even-
ing, "The Sinner's Refuge." All are welcome.
Seats free.
r£rjS=> FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
"^-^.ner <-'eary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
siebbius, I'll, minister. William G. Eliot Jr.,
associate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Suncay-school at 9:45 a. si. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7:t."0 p. m. Bible-class under leadership of Rev.
Samuel Slocombe at {k45 a. m. Ail are cordially
invited.
jjPgp SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
l*- ncr of Twentieth and Capi> sts., A. J.
We'ls, pastor.— Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a.m.
The evening lecture at 7:45 will be on "Evolu-
tion," the lirst of a series for the unscientific
"How the Bible Was Made" is the subject of
study at 6:45. Sun'lay-school at 9:45. Pastor's
residence. 20 Liberty st. . All are invited. Seats
free at all services.
iE^= FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
t^-^ nborglan), O'Farrell St., bet. Webster
and >illmort — F. L. Higgins, minister.
Sabbath-school at 9:30 a. m. Sermon 11 a. m.
Subject: "The Comforter and the Peace the Lord
Glveth." At 7:30 p. m. readings from "Heaven
an.! Hell" In the reading-room, 1620 O'Farrell st.
(adjoining the church). All invited to all services.
Seats free. v ,;:. . . •. ? ,
E^S 3 CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LAT-
t*^- 1^ ter-day Saints— Meetings every Sunday at
2ard7:45 o'clock p. m. in Friendship Hall, 903
Market st. At this even . meeting Elder J. R.
Shepherd will speak upon -The Relationship of the
Book of Mormon to the Bible." A cordial invita-
tion is extended to all. No collections.
R^§= ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, MASON
m*^* and Ellis sts.— Forty-third anniversary of
the Young Men's Christian Association; this (Sun-
day) afternoon at 3 o'clock: address by Bishop D.
A. Uoodsell. J. J. Valentine, president of the
association, will preside. Special music. Service
free to the public; both ladies and gentlemen. All
Invited.
Kjg= IPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
s*- public lee ure every Sunday evening at 320
Post St., 7:45 o'clock. To-night: "Rebirth and
Pre^existence," by E. Williams.
|£qS= FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIEN
SvT. list— Services at 11 a. >r. in Beethoven Hail.
SS6 Post si., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "Jesus
Teaching in the Synagogue." All are welcome.
SI NDAY MEETINGS.
R^s=» CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY.
f*~-£* si r . 3. 3. Morse of London will lecture under
the auspices of the above society at National Hall,
Ellis St., between Polk and Van Ness aye., this
evening at 7:45 o'clock. Subject: "General
Conclusions Regarding the Doctrine of Immortal-
ity and he Soper-Physical Universe in the Light
of Psychical Science," being the last of a ser of
lour lectures on the general subject of "The Super-
Physical Universe." Admission free. Seats re-
served for members.
r#~THE SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
U"-^ Spiritualists will hold two services in
Golden Gate Hall, on Sutter street, bet. Mason
andlaylor, on Sunday, January 26, 1896, at 1 1
a. m. Questions from the audience. At 7:30 p m
subject: "What Shall We Do to Attain Happi-
ness?" Speaker, J. < (egg Wright. Music by the
Misses Lillian and Emily Coleman. Admission
free. On Sunday evening, February 2, 1896, sub-
ject: "Thomas Paine," a eulogy.
•SB* AT 997 MARKET STREET, FIRST
f*r*** Progressive Spiritual Curch; 11 a. m de-
veloping circle; - !■• M.. social test circle, Mrs.
Dunham, Henderson, Favre, Professor Miago; 7 so
P. M., platform tests, Mrs. Ladd-Finnican, Bird.
Dunham, Dr. Wood and others.
CEiSp DR. ROBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
rT -> on "•Tl lln!1!:llls » 1 as a Religion": the sick
healed; mediums developed and written questions
answered by spirit power; magnetised paper and
circle tickets free. Recitation by Mr. Adams
"Ostler Joe." Washington Hall, 35 Vis Eddy st. Ad-
BfcTS^ LIBERALS AND FREE THINK
Lb-J>- Dr. York speaks Scottish Hall, 105 Lar-
Kln street, this evening, on "Romanism or Protest-
antism, Which?" Paine celebration will be held
at same place on Thursday evening, January 30.
K^*, AT «JH - RIN-ES* SPIRITUAL MEET-
»*f Ing. 909 Markets!.; 2 and 8 p.m. Circles
and platform tests. Mmes. Seely. Bird. Hender-
i-o-j. Cornelius. Entertainment and social January
'29, Bp. m. : free. Office 1236 Market st.
|f^= PSYCHICAL SOCIETY OF OAKLAND
s*- 0 ' will meet as usual at Fraternal Hall, Wash-
ington st., at BP. m. Mine. Montague and others
will occupy the platform: it will be a meeting of
unusual Interest. a!I cordially invited.
CiSf W. J. COLVILLE LECTURES IN HAM-
**^ ilton Hail, Thirteenth St., Oakland, Sunday,
cf P. m. -ill- "" PPrOaClling Cycle and the Means
ot Jis Advi
EK§= GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
" r r ropoutan Temple, Sunday, January 26 3
p. . m. Address by Hay Palmer, D.D., "subject-
"\\ hat is True Americanism?" ° J *'
mZX* MRS. BHRINER, RELIABLE TEST
iTrT* ni.U, urn holds phenomenal spiritual meet-
ln S tonight at 111 Larkln. Music. All invited. 10c.
E^^= C. V. miller; MATERIALIZING si-.
Or*** ance, 8 p. m., 635 Post, to-morrow. Mother
badie seance, 12 M. 535 Post st.
R^3S= MRS. FULTONT"SEANCE FOR THE
cftuT- an. ;. in spirits to-night; 50 cts; .sittings
daily. ::i ! . ■;: ,-. 6
f&£ i - i Cornelius; business
■^trance medium; developing dr. Tliurs. eve.
10.-Id Market st.
X£^?r MRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE, 7080' FA-
R relist. Circle to-night.
Wpg* TO-NIGHT- KATIE HEUSSMANN'S
■jy^^ test meeting. 793 Stevenson, off 9th, 10c; $1.
GCZS*. MRS. HENDEE ROGERS, PIONEER
M<jr medium ;Cal. clr. to-night ; sits daily. 109 Oak
fr~&- MRS. EI.SIE REYNOLDS, MATERIAL-
"^^ iz:ng seance this evening, 50c 832 Mission.
B^= A TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10&
Wh^ Mac, Young. 605 McAllister st. Fine music.
E^ip SADIES' AID SOCIETY'S MEETING.
g^g_Mrj. L. S. Drew, medium. Free.
fltr]S= MRS. MAYO STEERS, TRANCK AND
c-~- test medium; readings daily. 101 Grove st.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
K^B= THE ODD~FELLO'WS OF v^jfcHCv, ""
E^ San Francisco. « ill give a social 4^*3fcfe
and literary entertainment at i ..1. 1 Fel- 3feg^>KSg
lows' Hall, WEDNESDAY EVEN- '^Tli^ 5 *
ING, January 29, 1896. An excellent programme
and a pleasant evening assured. Come and bring
your friends along. "" 7
R^jS=» ST. PATRICK'S DAY CONVBW.Si
**** tion, 1896— An adjourned meeting V^ V
of the St. Patrick'sday convention of 1895 st 7/
will beheld In K. H. B. Hal!, cor. Masonc^\ve»
and O'Farrell sts., on SUNDAY. February *J^B'
2. at 2 p.m., to close up whatever business still
remains unfinished and adjourn. The convention
of I<i9tf will be immediately called to order, to
which all Irisli-Amrrican, National, benevolent
military, library iud social organizations are re-
quested to send five delegates each. Ex-otlicers of
former conventions, grand marshals, orators and
poets are entitled to seats in the convention, A
special Invitation is hereby extended to all socie-
ties that participated in the grand - celebration of
Ireland's day at the Midwinter Fair to send dele-
gates to this convemii n. By order
J. J. O'BRIEN, Chairman.
John- Mri.n i kn, Secretary.
C>^2s=» THE MEMBERS AM) CONTRIBU-
Ur-£f tors of the Alliance Francalse are respect-
fully invited to attend the annual meeting held in
U nion-sqnare Hall, Post «t., MONDAY, January
27, at B p.m. r- . ; - ;■-•.■ .-
'^W NOTICE TO THE SHAREHOLDERS
ur~±f of the Independent Red Men's Hall Asso-
ciation— You are hereby notified that :the. annual
general meeting of the shareholders of the Inde-
pendent Red Men's Hall Association will take
place on TUESDAY • EVENING, January 28,
1 Mto, at 8 o'clock, in the Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush
street. . C. B. RODE, President.
B. S. Hahuass, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
fflir-Sp^TITK'Tn^GTLA^^
t£ZG? of the stocklialilersof the B'nai B'rith Hall
Association will be held at the office of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy St., San Francisco. Cal., on the 13th
day of February, 1896, at 8 o'clock p. M., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB LKVISON. Secretary.
#"^a{ THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
*£<& of the stockholders of ' the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company,
327 Market street, Sun Francisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 5, 1896, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. T. DONAHUE, serretxrv.
STp^S=» TO LET— HALL AND < 1,1 IU4. '• •-.! s;
i&-& eventually to lease. 310 O'Farrell. basement.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
HF^"MISs"pAXTO~Nr M~A N U T I : I \ ( T^An'd
Cg^y chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, r. 12.
rf^g=» MISS HESTF.RN GIVES GENUINE
isE^-*^ massage treatment. Room 9, 122 Post st.
Pt^g= CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
&>*-& Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
jf^S= mrs. Wallace, 109 POWELL ST~
JW' room 23; genuine magnetic treatment.
OET2? 3 MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
"t~-^ 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
r» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4?
Df~*^ Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 410 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 5580.
yap CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
IiS^S' fully treated. DR. LLOYD. Lurlme Baths.
Kr3?" WINDOWS CiJiANED AND FLOORS
m*jßr scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI ct CO., 242 Sutter.
I^ss= ROOMS WHITENED, $1 UP: PAPER-
m^^ ed f.i 50 no. 317 V., Third. George Hartman.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FE3IALE.
pOMPETENT NURSE. HAVING 5 YEARS'
\J references, wants a place; city or any distance
in country. Address or telephone MISS PLUN-
KETT, 424 Sutter st.
QWEDISH COOK; WILL ASSIST PLAIN
O wash; best of city references: wants a situa-
tion in city or country. For particulars address or
telephone MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Butter st.
SWEDISH WAITRESS AND PARLOR
3 years' references from last place, wants a
place in the city or country. For particulars ad-
dress MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Butter st.
yOUNG COLORED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
X position to do housework or cooking: Jive
yf-ar.s references. Can be seen at MISS CULLEN'S
105 Stockton st.
I~^IrST-CLASS HELP ON HAND— GERMAN,
"Swedish and Irish girls; also ranch cook; ref-
erences. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
SITUATION ANT 1) YOUNG SCOTCH
O woman as chambermaid in hotel or boarding-
house: wages $20. 938 Pacific st,
\\' ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
'» without any encumbrance, general house-
work or any respectable work; city or country.
Call or address 8 Minna st., In the rear.
WANTED-LADY OF REFINEMENT. DE-
" sires home with elderly lady in exchange for
services part of day; central location, convenient
to cars. Address MRS. -M., 325 Geary m., S. F.
GERMAN WIDOW WANTS WORK BY THE
VJT day: washing, ironing and general house-clean-
ing. 130 Second st,
ANTED— A POSITION TO DO FAMILY
'» sewing by competent woman. 822 Ellis st.
yOUNG WOMAN STUDYING WOULD LIKE
J- a home where she could assist for her room and
board. Address R. A., box 114. Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG SCOTCH
woman to do general housework in small
American family: is competent and industrious;
wages $20. 938 Pacific st.
OOD DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE A PO-
sition as maid or housekeeper in a family:
only lately from New York City. B. M. , 1802,
Polk st. ■
yOUNG WOMAN WITH GOOD CITY REF-
X erence as housekeeper, cook, etc., wishes posi-
tion in good family. Call or address MISSJ.M.,
611 Ellis su
SITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
O and competent saleslady, for cloaks, suits and
furs; desires a position; best city references. Ad-
dress S. m. t., box 114, Cull Office.
WANTED— BY REFINED ENGLISH GIRL;
*» position as help and companion : references ex-
changed. M. Fowler, Fresno County, Cal.
ITUATION BY YOUNG GIRL IN CHRIS-
O tian family: near park preferred; care for
baby or children. H. S., 2715 Golden Gate aye.
yOUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION IX
X hotel as cook; city or country. Call 150 Fourth
St., room 25.
pELIABLE ELDERLY WOMAN TO DO
XV housework; is good clean cook and laundress:
city or short distance in country; wages $12. Call
1000 Washington st.
TYLISH DRESSMAKER, just FROM THE
O East, wishes engagement by day or take work
home. 418 Octavia st.
/COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES A
\J position in family; is good seamstress: would
• do upstairs work or light housework; used to chil-
dren. Address P. F., box I*6. Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
young woman for housework; best city refer-
ence; city or country. ■ Please call at 13 Oak st.
yOUNG GIRL, 15 YEARS, DESIRES A SIT-
X uation to take care of child only; sleep at home
preferred. 603 Post st.
pOLORED GIRL DESIRES A SITUATION TO
\J do general housework; give satisfaction. Call
at 72^ Bush st. -
QITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
kJ woman to take care of children, do chamber
work or as general housekeeper: wages from $12
to $15. W. C., box 85, Call office.
i WANTED BY A YOUNG WOMAN, HOUSE-
*' work by the day. Call on or address L. L.,
444 Vi Clementina st.
VMERICANLADY WISHES SITUATION To
XX take care of children afternoon or nights. Ad-
dress Mrs. A.. Call Branch Office, 116 Ninth st.
pESPJSCTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
Xt for general housework or cook in private fam-
ily. Call 118 Wildey St., bet. Fillmore aud Stelner,
Bush and Pine.
SITUATIONS AS COOK AND SECOND GIRL,
O wishing work together; references. 11% An-
tonia st., off Jones, near Ellis.
pHAMBERMAID WITH A LARGE EXPERT
\J ence wishes a position in a hotel or lodging-
house, or any kind of work by the day, week or
month. L. F., 270 Jessie st.
j AUY WISHES PLACE AS NURSE; LIGHT
1-i housework, or will care for children. Address
Mrs. A., nurse, 1910 Lexington aye., S. F.
WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY;
» » washing or house-cleaning, or take In wash-
ing: reasonable; $1 per day and car fare. Address
W. 8., box 151, Call Office. ■
OMAN WANTS PLACE TO DO HOUSE-
work In small family; plain cooking or light
work of any kind; no objection to short distance
in the country; wages $12 to $10. Call or address
126 Fourth St., room 3.
yOUNCt W OMAN WANTS PLACE AS
X housekeeper; is a good cook. Call 28 Seventh
St., room 36. ■ .
yOUN Q GERMAN WOMAN DESIRES SITU-
X ation to do general housework and cooking in
American family: city or country. Address E. D.,
box 107, Call Office. •
EFINED LADY WILL GIVE PIANO LES-
IV sons, "assist with children and plain sewing, in
exchange for refined home, with small salary; ref-
erences. M.. box 96, Call Office, Oakland. . "
p OM PETE NT, TRI STWOKI HYXVOMaX
\J wishes to do laundry work, cooking or house-
cleaning by the day. MRS. ROSS, 115y 2 Twenty-
sixth St., near Mljßion.
WIDOW WITH BOY 3 YEARS OLD WISHES
» ' situation to do housework; small wages; coun- !
try preferred. Call or address 911 Kearny, room 96.
IV,' IDOW, WITH 2 CHILDREN, WISHES
»»- work by the day. or morning work In private
family or lodging-houses. Address W. A., box 33
Call Office. -
\Y OUTH V AMERICAN WOMAN, WITH 2
w» children, capable of doing all kinds of work,
good cook and seamstress, wishes portion: city or
country; good home, small wages; references ex-
Changed. MRS. MILLER. 27 Oak St.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERT
O enced middle-aged lady as working house-
keeper or nurse to an invalid lady, or to do general
housework in American family. Call or postal-
card, 834 Folsom st.
EDUCATED GERMAN NURSERY GOV-
erness, with experience and best of references,
desires position in an American family with chil-
dren over 3 years or age. Address E. if., box 137.
Call Office. .
RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
-IW do general housework or cooking or take care
of infant, or any other kind of work; thoroughly
reliable; wages no object; city or country. Please
rail or address 867 Mission St..
SITUATION WANTED to do general
housework by reliable German woman ; city or
country: wages $8 to $10. Call or. address 113
Twenty-sixth St., near Mission.
A MERICAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
I\. as r.ousekeeper or chambermaid: no objection
to country. Call ■or address 48 Ridley st., near
.Valencia.
VTUR.SE; WILL TAKE FULL . CHARGE OF
-L> infant or upstairs work; best city reference.
call or address 500 Sutter si. .
WANTED— IN REFINED FAMILY
by an English lady, in exchange for services
part of day. Address L. C, box 72. Call Office.
STRONG WOMAN- WANTS WASHING,
housecleaulng; $1 a -day and car fare. Ad-
dress 211/2 Garden st. or call, open door and ring
the bell. -
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY;
washing or housecleaning; $1 a day and car
fare. Address 920 Howard st., in rear..
NEAT, STRONG GERMAN GIRL WANTS
J-> situation as upstairs girl or In laundry. JN. Y.
Call Office, box 108. ■ -^ t
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES WORK washing
kJ and ironing or bousecleaning. Apply 442 Minna.
y OUNG, WIDOW WISHES , POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 1020 Market St., room 12,
opposite Fifth.
WOMAN WITH 3-YEAR-OLD CHILD WISH-
.» es situation as working housekeeper or cook--
ing: no objection tocountry. MRS. M.E. PIERCE,
California College, East Oakland, Cal. _
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
T ADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
lADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
XJ neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market St.,
room 21. ; . •,:
W ANTED— position as nurse AND
• ' general attendant to an invalid. Address M.,
box 23, this office.
y OUNO W.OMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper in lodging-house or assist in
hotel;. best of references. Address S. E., box 68,
this office. . . ■• . ■■...-
VOUNO GIRL WISHES POSITION TO AS-
-I- sist in light housework or to take care of child.
Address 508 Po st. •'■'- : •
■y OUN<) WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
J- do light housework.' 9 Page st.
CULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CER-
\J tiricate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. J. E., care of
Sherman, Clay A: Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
DRESs m A iI — FIRST-CLASS CUTTER
and titter desires engagements at $1 25 a day;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address B. H. A., box 28.
Call Office.
XPERIENCED young WIDOW desires
good place as housekeeper. 105 Stockton, rm.22.
yOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS '
X housekeeper; also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
"WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR,
»T Market; 200 rooms: 25c- to SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and resj^ectable;
Jree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS W-i.MiiU-jIIALE.
c77rc^OK^S^m3Ts^Jpl?LfE^?O^K^rALL
• branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. ;tel.Grant46.
UNIER <fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento;. tel. 23 L
i^HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
*J office; best help. 41 41/2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
vides best help. 314b Sutter st.; tel. Grant 30.
SITUATION WANTED by a young man
willing to work. Address P. W., box 117, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN. AND WIFE (SCANDT
navlan) wishes good place; ranch preferred:
wife good plain cook. Address M. A., box 85. Call.
A jIDDLE-AGED .MAN WANTS POSITION IN
■iX small restaurant or hotel as dishwasher! un-
derstands a little cooking; 4 years in last place.
L. 1,., box 66. Call Office.
ACTIVE YOUNG MAN; 19 YEARS OLD; LI V-
-TV ing with parents; knows Spanish and English;
wants situation where' he can learn business; has
worked at retail-dry goods in New York: wages no
object. Address GEORGE, 24 Dorlaud st.
pOMPETENT CUTTER, ALL-ROUND
\J tailor, would like steady position: wages no ob-
ject. Address C. c, box 109, Cull Office.
STRONG BOY; 18; SPEAKS ENGLISH, GER-
O man; would like position in grocery or commis-
sion house. Address C. ALBERT, 2307 Harrison st.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
O teamster; is used to horses; good driver. Ad-
dress 678 Clementina st. .
SITU A lON WANTED BY BOY OF 19 TO DO
anything. Address Boy, box 83, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN, VERY " WELL EDUCATED,
-»- speaks six languages, wants employment. Ad-
dress L. M. X., box 78, Call Office.
ANTED- BY YOUNG MAN OF 33. SOBER
» » and of good habits, engineer 10 years' experi-
ence,. country preferred, farm or institution; en-
tirely understands steam threshing and power ma-
chinery, and pumps, windmills, etc.; good wood-
worker and blacksmith. Address W. 8., box 161
Call Office.
WANTED — POSITION BY FIRST - CLASS
1 » landscape gardenerand nurseryman; 15 years'
experience: highest references; formerly foreman
for superintendent of Lincoln Park, Chicago. Ad-
dress N. M., box 77. Call.
yOUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X gardener or coachman or any kind of work
around private place; city refer nces. Address C.
EL, box 7. Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
-L'X ment nt nursing, store work or other light
woik; city reference. Address D., box 167, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY MAN TO CARE
0 of horses, garden and general work in private
family. M. JORDAN, 128 O'F«rrell st.
pKSPECTABLE BOY, 14 YEARS, DESIRES
Xt situation to learn grocery business; wages no
object. 503 Post st. ■■
V\ r ANTED— BY AN ENERGETIC MAN, POSl-
»» tion as salesman or drummer; references ex-
changed. Address s.. box 31, Call Office.
ELDERLY MA NTS TO WORK FOR HIS
board; willing and generally handy. Address
T. M... box 85, Call Office.
y OUNG MAN DESIRES SUITABLE EMPLO V-
-1 meat for whole or part of time; live with em-
ployer; newspaperman; ability; steady, c, box '■
33, Call.
"JAPANESE BOY WANTS A SITUATION TO
Odo cooking: city or country. GEORGE O. 11.,
box 37, Call Office.
PRINTER, JOB OR NEWSPAPER, WANTS
X employment; city or country; moderate wages.
Address Printer. 2442. Dwight Way, Berkeley.
QCOTCHMAN, AGE iU, HANDY WITH
0 tools; good plain cook; understands care of
stock and poultry; wages $15 month; references;
wants employment. R. P., Call Office, Oakland.
WILL WORE EN PRIVATE FAMILY; $15
" and found, or any of work; good reference.
T. 1., box 91, call Office.
WANTED— WORK AT PRUNING BY A MAN
'» who thoroughly understands his work; has
diploma from county fair. Address HALL, box 32
Call Office. '
AN. WIFE AND SON WISH TO RUN
li ranch on any terms suitable to proprietor or
rent house and work day's work. Address MA"
box 142. Call Office.. • "
OY OF 16 YEARS WANTS SITUATION IN
iJ grocery-store to learn the business; lives with
bis parents: speaks German. Address F. E. B
box 23, Call Office. . , v7v
yOUNO GERMAN OF GOOD HABITS
X wishes position where he can learn the trade:
security, responsibility. Box 108, Call Office.
DANE WISHES SITUATION; THOROUGH-
L* ly understands horses, garden and general
work: good milker, and willing to do any kind of
work: references. J. N., 416 Broadway. '
UY A STEADY GOOD SECOND COOK; WILL-
-L» ing to work as vegetable man or dishwasher-
wages no object. Address cook, 409 Pacific st.
PRACTICAL MINER DESIRES POSITION AS
X manager or foreman of quartz mine; under-
stands all underground work, also mine surveying
and assaying. Address J., box 53, Call Office. '
Of ANTED— EMPLOYMENT BY A RELIABLE
"■ man; speaks French and English. Address
Steady, O. D., box 61, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION IN THE
X country; orchard work preferred: wages no ob-
ject; a good home tne thing. Address W., box 15
Call Office. , ' '
ANTED- POSITION AS WATCHMAN OR
»» In wholesale house by a steady and sober
man (German): willing to do work by watchman.
Please address L. M., box 24, Call Office.
ANTED BY 2 JAPANESE; FIRST-CLASS
'» chamber-workers, general cooks and skillful
at washing clothes, or first-class dishwashers; city
or country. Apply 1012 Valencia st.
yOUNG MAN OF 20 WISHES SITUATION
i 01 any kind; driving wagon preferred. Apply
525 Natoma st. ,
yOUNG STRONG SCOTCHMAN LATELY
J. from Scotland; best or character; wants manual
labor of any kind. Address A. 8., box 57, Call.
BY FIRST-CLASS WASHER AND SHIRT
ironer. Address W. 1,, box 57. Call Office.
pOMPOSITOR, COMPETENT IN BOOK AND
\J job work, wants position; English and Ger-
man. Please call or address H. F., 15 Langton st.
t'KMALK HELP WANTED.
ANTKD^A CHAMBERMAID A N D 'wXrK
•» ress for a school, $25; nurse for 2 children.
$20: 4 good girls for • housework at $25 each;
French waitress and chambermaid, $25; first-class
cook for small boarding-bouse, $40: 4 good German
cooks, $30 and $35. Apply MISS PLUNKETT
424 Sutter st.
OMAN WITH A CHILD; MINING
'» town; $10. Apply to-day, between 2 and 4
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st. -
T^E AT REFINED SECOND GIRL, GILHOY,
» $12. Apply to-day, between : 2 and" 4, MISS
CULLEN, 106 Stockton st.
Y\rANTED-LADY OF REFINEMENT FOR A
"" position of trust. Address box 52, Drugstore
corner Eleventh st. and Railroad aye., South San
Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— NAME OF EVERY MAN AND
'» woman who can. write prose or poetry: $500
cash premiums. House and Home, department
S. C, 2018 Columbia aye., Philadelphia; sample
copy 6 cents. - ■ -\
THIRST-CLASS COOK; GERMAN PRE- '
X' ferred. 1817 Jackson at., Monday, bet. 9 and
12 a. m. or 5 and 6 p. m. . :
f\(\ young LADIES IMMEDIATELY TO
O\J learn millinery; spring trade; materials fur-
nished; terms reasonable; positions. 234 Taylor.
A/I USLIN UNDERWEAR SALESLADY, WITH
i-'X- city experience, is wanted; . call Monday
morning: competent stenographers and salesladies
of experience in all lines will rind that our system,
while not an employment agency, will do for them
in seeking a position >or bettering their present
condition what they cannot do for themselves
Room 167, Crocker building. /- ; 1
"ANTED— YOUNG LADY AS PARTNER, TO
learn double trapeze to travel; height not over
5 feet 4 Inches; weight not over 115 pounds; must
be fair looking. Call between 5 and 7, Sunday, 715
Howard St., room 19, A. LAMONT. :
WANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
school; class or private; course thorough and
practical ; satisfaction guaranteed ; reasonable. 410
Leavenworth st. v . . . -
"ANTED— APPRENTICES AT DRESSMAK-
ing. Call Monday, 106& Market st.
GIRL TO LEARN MANICURING AND CHI-
r ropody. Chiropodic Institute, 906 Market at.
WANTED— MIDDLE-AGED. LADY TO AB-
-*' sist in housework; 88 per month. 435 Fourth.
WANTED— AN ENTKRPRIdING LADY TO
" lake charge of business out of city: must be
thoroughly reliable. Address Reliable, box 31.
Call Office. ■-:.,.-:.■ :■. : ... . ;■ .■;.-■!.;.: -v?-:
I D— FIRST-CLASS SKIRT HANDS
'»• and finishers on tailor-made suits. Apply bet.
•1 and 2p. m., 1435 Polka:, yv. }. : ; y y
GIIRL OH MIDDLE AGED WOMAN TO AS-
r with baby and light housework; good home
lor trustworthy person. 1420 Mason sU
HELP - WANTED-Continued. ,
GERMAN GIRL FOR GKNERAL HOUSE-
_ work. 211 Scott st. ' •
Experienced , hands ON FINISHING
xj corsets: fancy work. Corset factory, 309 Hayes.
Girl TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK. ap-
_j_ply Monday, 628 Valencia st.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS! IT GIVES
me ! great pleasure to state to the ladies of this
coast that we are meeting with unusual success in
teaching dressmaking, cutting, fitting, finishing,
draping and boning: in fact every part of the trade.
The McDowell is the leading system of dresscutting
throughout America, having received the very
highest award at the World's Fair, and only sys-
tem receiving a gold medal at the Midwinter Fair.
Pupils can enter any day. Easy payments." Un-
limited, lessons. The McDowell Dressmaking;
Academy, 213 Powell St., San Francisco.
W OMAN FOR HOUSEWORK; WAGES $3
" per week. 229 San Jose aye. »
Y"OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework; German preferred. 932y 2 Valencia.
li*IBBT-CLABB GERMAN NURSE CAPABLE
of taking charge of an infant and who under-
stands sewing; references required. Address T. A.,
box 85, Call Office.
\\T ANTED-GIRLS TO LEARN DRESSMAK-
*' ing and millinery in first-class establishment:
good position guaranteed. 121 Post st., room 27,
over O'Connor A, Moffatt's. ' ■
"ANTED— DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
how to cut regular tailor system: only reliable
system; no models, charts or squares used. COHN,
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter St.. city. •
WANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
_»» term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
rjnHE N. Y. CLOAK SUIT HOUSE LEADS
X low prices; on sale, 590 dresses. 1210 Market.
ISS. DAISY HA AXE IS STARTING A MlL-
linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga st,,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
. \I OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
J-'X Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry, i ■ .
HAIRDRESSING, 26c AND 3&c; MORNING
classes; 10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRK6B-
--i-i cutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
DRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
\\. r IN CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in very room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: * rye bus to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
MALE HEIiP WANTED.
"IV" ANTED — FIRST-CLASs BUTLER FOR
'* country, $46: also 2 butlers for city, $40 and
$45, references for this work required. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
Tj>OUR 10-HORSE RANCH TEAMSTERS $1 A
X day and board: milkerwhocan run a separator
$30. C. R. H A.VHEX & CO., no Geary st.
MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS BUCKSKIN
tanning in all Its branches (including glove-
making) is wanted: also a window-dresser for a
dry-goods house; also a first-class glove salesman.
Room 167, Crocker building.
WANTED— MECHANICS, CLERKS AND
• f laborers to call if they do not receive their
just dues; law and commercial collections: no
charge unless successful. KNOX Collection
Agency, 10 Sutter st.
ON'T BE POOR THIS WINTER; $35 A
week can be made selling platers and plating
tableware, jewelry, etc.; we furnish outfits com-
plete with all materials and trade secrets; teach
agents; finest quality of work ; wears 10 years:
testimonials and sample of work free. j Address
GRAY & CO., Dept. 10, Columbus, Ohio.
ANTED— NAME OF EVERY MAN AND
»' woman who can write prose or poetry; $500
cash premiums. House and Home, dept. S. C,
2018 Columbia aye., Philadelphia. Samplecopy 0.-.
\\" ANTED— IS MEN WITH $100 EACH TO
'» own mill and logging outfit, with homesteads
and prosperous business. Call from 10 to 1
o'clock, 142y 3 Fourth St., room 1.
OY, 15 TO 16 YEARS OF AGE, TO LEARN
printing. Address G. S., box 32. Call Office.
p OoD SHORT ORDER. 48 SECOND ST.
AN WILLING TO RUSTLE; GOOD SAL-
ary to right party, 206 Leavenworth St..
WANTED— PAPER-HANGER; MUST WORK
'» reasonable. 16 south Park.
ANTED IMMEDIATELY— A CARPENTER
'» with tools: a month or more with board- mod-
erate wages. Call at a. 11. BLOW'S, 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. In the afternoon.
X\T ANTED— TO RENT BAKERY. WITH
'» oven, in country town, or will buy interest in
brkery; by an all-round baker; long experience.
Address Baker, Call Office, Oakland.
TO" ANTED— MKN AND WOMEN TO WORK
T » at home: I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method; anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: s*nd for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. ; ;V,
ALESMEN WANTED-TO SELL OUR GOODS
to the wholesale and retail trade; goods sell on
sight. Liberal salary or commission paid. Position
permanent. For particulars address Centennial
Manf'g Co., Atlanta, Q&. Factory, Milwaukee, Wis.
WAITER WANTED AT THE MANHATTAN
" House, 825 Battery st.
T?OIl SALE— 2-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD
X locality for steady man; price $100; present
owner going East. 624 Battery st.
PA ER PORK AND SAUSAGE STORE"
clears *75 monthly; small capital. 335 Fourth.
WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, bet!
i-i Third and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
SEAMEN FOR NEW YORK, EUROPE AND
Sydney at 10 steuart St., upstairs.
1 HO MEN TO GET A SHAVE for 6c; clkan
xuv/ towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 141;, Montgomery aye.
CAA MEN. TO GET A FINE STYLISH, DU-
O\J\J rable calf shoe to order, $2 50. 959 Howard.
EST MEAL ON EARTH ; WELL COOKEDJS
courses. 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
female, thorough In 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
T\r ANTED— GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
'» city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
L» ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
-»-> secretary, P. C. Hainann, 2381 2 O'Farrell st.
ROSE DALE BOUSE, 831 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week. ■ . .
VTEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-»-' rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
1/oK THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
-I- try 13y 9 Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty.
BEST PLACE IN CITY FOR SKCOND-HAND
shoes, 726 V, opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
\TKW.AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
i-' 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
Of HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
•' St.: 200 rooms; best In the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
TO" ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
. ''to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 160
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL~MANHATTAN EGG FOOD ■
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
' ' Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
-1 room: tree bus to and from the ferry. iv ,
1 / » A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
AW and 20c a night, Including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny. :
BEST IN CIT/— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per nigh;; SI, «l 25, 91 50 p»r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff st*.
N T K I ) _ B i NO ROOMS, 16c A V DAY; $1
' » week ; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
WANTED- MEN TO get BOTTLE SHARP
'" steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
MEN'S -SOLING 60c; LADIES' 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
INDELI. HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
■i single fi.rnishe<l rooms; 75c week, 15c night.
\i ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY^
J J ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
FREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOll 6c7
X' also a bottl «of lager, sc, at 637 Clay st. .
A A A MEN'S SECOND-H ANDiSD SHOES.SOME
~IVU nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission st. .
'PRY' ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room 25c a night; $1 a week. ■
JUST"OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR-
ing shoes; call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; I all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission St.. bet. 'First and Second.
AGENTS WANTED. v>
AGENTS— WE HAVE THE BEST SELLING
-CX line of novelties ever offered : . they are wprld I
beaters; sell at sight: male or female. Aluminum
Novelty Co., 110 Sutter st.
SOMETHING NEW FOR AGENTS: LADIES
*J or gentlemen can make from $3 to $10 a day.
Apply 2 to 6 p. m., 1165 Howard st. - /
LI FORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants good ; agents to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal. Inducements offered. . J.
W. MANNA Secretary. Murphy building. .
ROOMS .WANTED..'
VOUNO MAN WANTS ROOM AND BOARD
• I in private family north of Market: references
given and required, "Address R., box 72, Call.;
7|NFURNISHED~AIRY "BOOM ~IN~QuTeT
*J house by single ■ gentleman; moderate rent.
Letters to J. S., 604y 3 Ninth st. . . .
\\l ANTED-DRESSMAKER, GOING OUT BY
*" the day, wants room In exchange for work or
light services. Address D. M., box 83, Call Office.
"BURNISHED ROOM, NORTH OF MARKET,
X- not to exceed $10, where lunch : and dinner will
be given in exchange for lessons in elocution, Del-
sarte, physical culture, etc a graduated lady ; ; ref-
[ erences. Address H. A., box 29, Call Office. .
BOARDING AND ROOMS WANTED, j
\\rANT^D^B^ARrr~ANT) ONE OR TWO
' ' rooms In private family by a man and wife :
references required. Address P. F.. box 85, Call.
\\, ANTED-BY TWO LADIES, A NICELY
« » ' furnished alcove room ; light housekeeping.
Address .1. C. 739 Guerrero st.
HOUSES WANTED.
3OR 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
yard ; reasonable. J. G. P.. box 29, Call Oflice.
WANTED— HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS: LARGE
'' lot; stable for 1 horse. ' P. J. IC, box 2, Call.
A SMALL COTTAGE OR FLAT NEAR MAR-
ket and Valencia. S. C, box 9, Call Office.
ANTED— BY 1 " FEBRUARY 1; A SMALL
." cottage of 3 or 4 unfurnished, rooms; bath; j
north of Market, east of Polk; rent $10 to $12; not
a basement flat. Address W. 0., box 64. Call Office.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— PARTNER WITH $200 TO RUN
' » business half time; can Inspect accounts. Ad-
dress v. C, box 16. Call Office. .
• WaNTED-SIISCELLASHOUS.
WANTED — SMALL PRINTING PRESS,
V i- ype ' etc<: must be Cheap. Apply LITHO
SIGN COMPANY, 809 Mission St.
PARTY WITH BLACK CARRIAGE OR
x driving team would like few engagements;
terms reasonable. Address C. dox 90, Call Office.
AW BOOKS, OLD AND NKW, BOUGHT AND
SJ sold, REUBEN'S, 522 Monty; tel. Black 471.
ANTED — A GOOD-TONED UPRIGHT
»» piano in exchange for large diamond ring. Ad-
dress A. X., box 77, Call Office.
G* "1 ASOLINE ENGINE, 3 OR 4 HORSE POWER,
VT or small gasoline launch In running order. Ad-
dress J. t FULTON, box 34, Napa.
WANTED- YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
■»T repairing: best work at half the regular price.
Dl.l SS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third lioor.
SELL YOUR Hooks, CLOTHING AND JEW
elry 10 A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st.: send postaL
_ ■' ■ _' LOST.
ost - LARG'E~BTTA^~^~ND~7A7r~FO?C^
XJ hound; collar "Don, Howard Vernon, 1806
Union st." Return to 1918 Green; liberal reward.
T OST — BROWN BITCH pup; BREAST
I XJ slightly white; reward. 2115y 2 Jones st.
T OST— JANUARY 18, FOX-TERRIEf: DOG;
J-^ . white tall, ears and head; medium size. Re-
turn to 525 Alvarado St.; suitable reward.
LOST— PEARL PIN. surrounded by DlA-
monds. Very liberal reward if returned to
SOL GOLDSTEIN, 231 Third st.
"pOST-FOX -TEB 1! IKK: BLACK RIGHT EYE;
J-i reward. Room 77, Montgomery block.
LOST— RED POCKET-BOOK ON "l II: J) OR
Brennan sts. Please return to 318 Front St.
LOST— DARK BROWN SPANIEL DOG, COR-
XJ ncr Eightetnth and Miotwell sts.; reward.
LOST— ROLL OK PLANS ON MISSION ST.,
near Second. Finder will receive • reward by
returning to Exchange, 40 New Montgomery st.
LOST— BLACK AND RED PLUSH ROBE.
Liberal reward if returned to 13 Scott at.
LOST — BLACK -AND -tXn TERRIER; HAS
long rough ears. Finder suitably rewarded
upon returning to 3163 Sixth st.
LOST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 1 urk St., near Jones.
MONEY, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
-i-'x papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister st.
I FOUND. ~
FOUND— BLACK AmT~\VHITE SETTER^
Call 772y 3 Harrison St., city: licence Alameda.
T>LAIN GOLD RING. APPLY 210 BUSH ST.
'■ '■ OLAIUVdVASTS. ~
rpilE MYSTICAL MAUATMA.
i- PROF. . ZAUZIC acquired a strange power
known as
SOMNOMANCY,
And by the exertion of this weird force he Is en-
abled to give tests that surpass the wonders accom-
plished by
CLAIRVOYANCE.
HYPNOTISM,
SPIRITUALISM,
OR ANY OF THE KNOWN OCCULT FORCES.
' He possesses a power which enables him to por-
tray in an interesting manner the secret of the past
and in hits
"SOMNOMATIC
DREAMS"
ITo predict with accuracy the future. This is no
Cheap John affair or catch-penny humbug, but a
science true and reliable. By consulting him you
will be abie to avoid obstacles and be aided to suc-
cess. Sittings 60c. Satisfaction guaranteed.
313 Mason st.; hours, 9 to 8 p. m.. Sundays in-
cluded; .
ADAM PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
the past, present and future; ladies 50c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $160. 126
Turk st., near Jones. - . • .
MISS MELVINA ; CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 7tst!' 2 Howard st.
LAIRVOYANCY EXTRAORDINARY—
Hundreds visit mystic PROFESSOR ZAUZIC,
occult," scientist, palmist, clairvoyant, 313 Mason:
hours 9 to 8: sittings 50c; satisfaction guaranteed.
EBT CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents; SSSc. 206 Fourth st.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. LEON,
palmist clairvoyant: tells the truth and nothing
but the truth. 633 Post, 9to 8 daily ; also Sunday.
ME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
TARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM,
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 86r>i< 2 Market.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, p&st,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sura
help; restores lost Jove by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1: letter $2. H'Jil Post St., nr. Larkin.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing. etc. ; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
■Al present and future; 25c up. 704 Howard st.
MM I ■:. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
great clairvojant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned 10
her old rooms In san Francisco; ladles and gents
50& 917 Market st.. parlors 8 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
TJETURNED, UIRS." Y. TTmEYER, TRANCE
XV business medium; cir. Mon.. Fr. 25141 2 Sutter.
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED IN DE PENDENT
slate writer and i ranee medium. 697 Ellis st.
GYPSY PALMIST-SITTINGS 6Oc . SUNDAYS
VT included; handsome charms free. 946 Mission.
"\|RS. J. J. WH ITNE V , CLA I R VO YANT
+11 trince medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY.
FUTURE REVEALED: HOROSCOPE; 60C;
send 10c and date of bir:h for your planet, etc
PROF. XV. MONROE, 1129 Howard st. '. .
_JPOJR^ALK-aiISCKLLANI!.O<!S.
SINOERBU TTON - HOLE SEWING MA -
kJ chine; cheap. 1915 Mission St., bet. Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
T7IOR SALE— FINE WALNUT HEAVY -PLATE
X glass showcases, tables and side cases. Apply
118 Sutter .
S'~ INOER AND GROVER-BAKER SEWING
machine;, great bargains. 191 Hyde st.
C CENTS' $105GENDRON BICYCLE FOR $40;
lusod one month; almost new. Cycle, 66,
Call Office.
OUSE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY
furnished: near City Hall; must sell. N. A.
box 30, Call Office.
IpiNE IRISH SETTER PUPS: $2 APIECE
_ Corner Courtland aye. and Wool s:.
T^OR SALE— 2O TONS 20-POUND T KAILS;
-T steel. At 167 Crocker building.
2 SECOND-HAND INCUBATORS FOR SALE
_ cheap: Marlpoaa and Arkansas sts.
«>9 ELEGANT HIGH-ARM WHEELER-
<§££. WILSON No. 9 sowing -machine; oak
finish; equal new; cause, departure. 801 Union.
f^ORSALE— I: BEST BICYCLE BUSINESS
x In city within 60 miles of San Francisco;
best of . reasons for selling; • will require about
.$4OOO capital. Address Bicycle Business, box 31,
Call Office.
<» FRESH DURHAM COWS: GOOD MILKERS;
gentle; for family. 1312 Folsom st.
T>ILLIARD AND POOL TABLE; A BARGAIN
li Fifteenth aye. and San Bruno road. H.
SCHUUK.
ELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. - STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
OKJKJ and prices from 25c per ■ yard up. J. !
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. . CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call- and get our' prices; costs nothing
inset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell St., near
Stockton.; '. ■ -.. . - \ .
"OAR OUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS
■U scales, etc. ; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
L l l RE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER^
X 1 press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102 Clay
ONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES *OR
: sale or given away. . KAHN «fc CO., 220 Cal. St.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 281, 223 Market st.
"VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECONJ*
IN hand. .W. 8. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California si. ,
fIOUNTEKS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
*-> bought and «old 1121M,Market bet.7thandBm
v'.^ • SEWINO v MACHINES.
WEN TED $1 60 MONTHLY : SECOND-HAND
Xt machines from $3 upward Domestic, New
Home, White, singer at half-price. 145 Sixth st.
DOMESTIC . SEWING MACHINE, 4 DRA W-
. era and attachments, $16. Apply 426 Post st.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED
XX rented, repaired; lowest rates.. 205 Fourth su
PERSONALS.
IDDLE^AG E ; DIdASrOFAIEANH W 1 SH ES TO
make the acquaintance of middle-aeed lady;
object matrimony. Address M. M.. box 57, Call.
"V7-OUNG GERMAN NOBLEMAN (COUNT) OF
-I- 'excellent character, prepossessing and of steady
habits, desires to form the acquaintance of a young
estimable lady of means; object matrimony. Ad-
dress Noble, box 67, Call Office. •
AMERICAN GENTLEMAN, AGE 40. WITH
x\- a good trade, wishes to meet a middle-aged
lady with some means; object matrimony and
I business. Address Confidential, box 78, Call Office.
TJEFINED LADY WISHES TO MEET AN
±\ educated American gentleman of means; object I
j matrimony. „ Address M. 15., box 38, this office.
A" "DV ICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialt3 - ; private: no charge unless successful;
all law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.
DISCOVERY AND WON OKI! OF THE AGE;
XJ "Essence of Life: or, Nerve. Bone and Blood
Food." Infallible cure for debility, general, men- '
tal and physical depression, loss of memory, appe- j
tite, neuralgia, palpitations and all weakness; in-
creases the weight 3 to 5 pounds a month: one
month's treatment $2; mail orders special atten-
tion. DR. CARPENTER, 1170 Market st.
17IOR FAT PEOPLE— WE HAVE A REMEDY
-T for reducing your flesh without medicine or
change of diet; we make no pretense of being a !
beauty doctor, nevertheless we cured our own
faces of superfluous h^irs before we attempted to
treat the public. GOSS & PATTEN, 1116 Broad-
way, Oakland. :
J ARGE VARIETY THOROUGHBRED CHIC- ,
JU ken eggs for hatching.F.KßAUS,lo3lMcAllistr.
ANTE I)"-- TO LEARN DOUBLE- ENTRY
bookkeeping thoroughly evenings; state terms.
, 8., box 31, Call.
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY: CAS-
tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week;
$3 month: office hours lor French from 2t05 p. m.;
for Spanish from 7 to 9 p.m. 1170 Market, room 37.
ESRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLOMBEK AND
gasfitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
}~ ,TH EL— REMEMBER MME. SPITZ" HaIR-
J dressing parlors; MR. LEDERER has them
now; dresses your hair swell for only 25c: sells
elegant switches for 75c. MINNIE.
LOVE'S DANCING ACADEMY, 620 BUSH;
XJ stage or ballroom. Mon. Tu. Thu. evenings.
WOMAN'S DISPENSARY OF NEW YORK;
1 1 all modern improvements in treating diseases ;
an infallible remedy for irregularities; superfluous
hair removed without pain; ladles do well to eive
us a call; consultation free; testimonials in office.
25 Murphy building.
OING OUT OF BUSINESS; NEW YORK
\y Cloak and Suit House, 1210 Market St.; Indies'
suits from .*1 50 and $2 50; cost $5 to $10; jackets,
50c; capes, $1 50. 1 .;' , ■ '■ :.: *f '• • -'
If it U\ BUSINESS CARDS, *1 M»: I'ELE-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." HlLL. 22 Geary, r. 39
DANCING FOR BALLROOM STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
U AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR -A 1.1.;
J V also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain ac lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
GEORGE— WHY DIDN'T YOU MEET ME AS
agreed? Had my photo taken, bust cabinets, at
CRAMER'S, 402 Kearny st., northeast corner of
Pine, only $1 50 per dozen, too. NELLIE.
OUBQUIN'S CAL' A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, BW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
\7IOLETS 5 CENTS A BUNCH; FLOWERS
V cheapest in the city. 3 1 4 Sutter St.
IMPORTED HAVANA, KEY WEST AND
A high-grade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar,
1627 Devisadero St.. near Sinter.
GYPTIAN HENNA; $1; HAIR DYE: PER-
JLJ fectly harmless; easily applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F.
HPENANTS EJECTED; COLECTIUXS, ETC. A.
-1- HOOGS, room 317, 328 Montgomery st.
QEARCHING, LOCATING, SHADOWING.
tracing collect. GRAHAM'S agy, 632 Mrkt, r. 8.
EAFNESS— THE AURAPHOXE RESTORES j
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book i
mailed tree. F. F. FIN LA Y, 10 California st., S. F.
Gl* I A ROOM : CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
*4p 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth si.
NE MORE CUT— "
oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35 1
Oak chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Set* $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON AN,
1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St., above Sixth. t
SECOND-HAND AS WELL as NEW BARS, I
O showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks, i
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of j
them, too: be sure and see stock and get prices be- :
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019, !
1021, 1023 Mission st., above >lxth.
MRS. m. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout flgu<es. 1
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., San Francisco.
1?OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
J STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
"DARTING lON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE i
J- and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424 I
Pine si.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN- '
-LJ chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $t>per
■Week: free bus to and from the ferry. •
i JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
O Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Gran: aye.. 1
where the oest of coal can be had at lowest prices. '■
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW- i
elry, etc.: lowest rates. 943 Market st.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD; i
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe, '
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfra' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND~LADIE*~
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 Third st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THB
S\. WEEKLY CALL, Id wrapper, for mailing.
DKKSS3IAKKKS. ~~
BRADLEY, 313 GEARY— ELEGANT^STYL^ i
-U teh suits made, $5 up. Dresses made over.
UITS $3: SKIRTS 7 r ><; SILK WAISTS, LAT- j
pst style, $1 50; fit guaranteed. 559 Stevenson. ;
DRE«SEs CUT AND FITTED, $3: DRESSES,
popular prices: waists S3. 11 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL..
T?NG Li S?TbRA~NCH IosTp^I^^A^TE^IirCLAS?;
ii all ages; moderate. Miss DILLON. 3OS Larkln.
"i?LOCUTION— RAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
J-i cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCUROEDKR, 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m.
MRS. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 520 Sutter st. ; teacher of vocal music (latest |
Italian methods), piano and elocution; ladies and 1
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged. .
TUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
UITAK, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
VJT lessons; 93 nan, MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st.
GENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA- I
VJ . tion will give private lessons In English I
branches, boockeeplng, mathematics and sciences;
California credentials and references. Address E
box 87, Call Office. .
HE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE-
X. individual instruction; four months' course. '
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
MELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
limited number of pupils: thorough dramatic
training-, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMI; CAS- '
tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week 1
$3 month; also painting academy, flowers specialty !
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish
French, English. 1170 Market st.. room *7. '
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION EOOKKEEp"
J. ing, shorthand, etc. Stlehl's College, 723 Market.
SPANISH.ERENCH.Etc. PROF.DkFILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
ISSBOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENT^
*■>.. st.-Board. English, French, pis.no. dancing.
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents 10 give children a superior educa-
tional low figure; term Jan. '-'-. kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY"
class or private. MRS. II It MAN, 1234 Hush st.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING^
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed '
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.Q.#. block.^th "nj f "iff
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, M&
chanical eMineerini survevi U". archiu'eture
assay; estab. '61. VAN I.IiR N AILLEN, MSMktl
\7"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR — mBMW
twntrt-'prot. l.merb!i, aaoo^gr^g^
SPaNISH, FRENCH, < i E R M AN^MODKRATk"
Meisterschaft School 'iTangia^ UK O'Fa^H si
TJ EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, ** POST ST.
ivilS' o^ 6 ,'? 111 ? 1 bl)8lne « practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
XT IG HT H OOL ; HEALD'S BUS. COLLEGER*
-»- **ost: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra<«<
V IOLI N. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA^
_V_sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045% .Valencia.
PHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
v nam s School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
v Market : send for cat. : day and evening session.
ATTORJJEYB-AT-LAW.
A D VICE FRTEE^DIV^RT^LITv^rXTpEcT
- £rl - alt private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.; at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
>T J. MtJRRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR~AT
A .Jaw; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
\\r W. DAVIDSON, ATTORN EY-AT-L A W. 420
11 « California it., ran. 14-16: advice fr— . . ■
PHYSICIANS. !?>;:
DR.A.DK LUCIS.PHYSICN^UnRGEON^ROYAL
University Turin, Nucleus b1dg,661 Marfct
DEMOViSD— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
XXi Market st. ; disesseaof women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCE^.
Att *— f\ ——— $450. ~~T
3p 4 «.)U. Saloon. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
Ip YOU WISH TO REALIZE OX your
bankbook in California Savings and Loan So-
clety address I. N. PATTISON. 19 Montgomery.
GROCERY AND SALOON FOR SALET LOW
VT rent- good location; best of reasons for selling.
Will pay to call on W.S. HENDRICKSON, room
43. 120 Sutterst. \
(TTtOOjr BRANCH BAKERY AND COFFEB
tJp^j^O. saloon. 1346 Valencia st. ; no agents.
! c ,rAA LIVE MAN AS PARTNER IN
' SIOUU. business in California: monopoly ; thor-
o ugh Investigation. Address Partner, ho.v 66, call.
WILL SELL SEVERAL" FREE MILLING
11 gold claims, millinK $15; splendid chance to
make money; owner going away. Address Claim,
box 85, Call Office.
P4RTY WITH $8000 WISHES AN HONEST
man with $2000 to .loin him in a business enter-
prise in China; the entire business can be closed in
90 days; free passage and control of business will
be given until bis money is rcturned,wlth pro rata
of profits. J. __ D., box 114, Call Office.
ESTABLISHED OPTICAL AND JEWELRY
J!i business bn Market st.: good reason for selling.
Address Optical, box 160, this office. •
OL'Onrk SALOON; PROMINENT CORNER;
«TJS O\J\J. dub rooms; side entrance; good busi-
ness; fair stock; trial given before buying. Call
for further particulars at 6 Eddy St., bet. la and 1
o'clock. C. T. MARTIN.
$' 7' BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS, ETC.;
I O. 3 nice living-rooms; large yard; rent $9;
excellent location; paying business; genuine bar-
gain. Apply 410 i/ 2 Fifth, bet. Harrison and Bryant.
T HAVE $100 TO INVEST WITH MY S R-
i vices in some legitimate business that will make
me a living. W. J.. box 39, Call Office.
ONE OF THE BEST-PAYING MEN'S FUR-
nishing goods business for sale; best location In
the city; must be sold on account of sickness;
about $4000 required. Address G. 8., box 32,
this office. .
ESTABLISHED CIGAR-STAND FOR
sale; cheap. Apply at stand, 777 Market st. ™
ffi-KAnOASH WILL BUY HARDWARE-
«Irt)UU store, stock and fixtures at less than half
price; principals call immediately. 546 Mission.
v. 111 l I AN ACTIVE. IN I KLLKJEN i;iU Sl-
<t±pi-\J\J. ness man with $500 cash wanted in
manufacturing and wholesale agency business;
$100 per month guaranteed. M., box Bo.Call Office.
<fi I F\(\ CASH WILL BUI AN EST A. n£
K^i-O\) lished business, consisting of branch
bakery, milk depot, stationery, groceries, notions,
clears and tobaccos: less than one-third its actual
cash value: owner must leave the city by February
1. Address MEE, box 65, Call Office.
ISo~R SALE— A rWO-FLATS MODERN HOUSE
X 1 of 4 and 5 rooms and baths: No. ' ( 07 Vallejo St.,
near Stockton: sice 19x47; to be removed. Ap-
ply to R. CURRIE, contractor, 40 New Montgom-
ery m.. between 1 and 8 P. m. ;
SALE— BRANCH BAKERY, variety
V and notion store, laundry office and cigars; a
bargain. 2107 Powell s:. .
V" Ifin FOR OLD-ESTABLISHED LUNCH-
<JrtrUU. counter.oyster and chop bouse; opposite
new City Hall: a mint for 2 good men or man and
wife or will take good partner to look after place,
as owner lias other business. Address Bonanza,
box 72, Call Office.
<2_9;r/i FOR SALE- MILK ROUTE OF 7
O— .i)U. cans; horse and wagon. Inquire Call
Office;
AKERY. WITH 5 LIVING-ROOMS AND
furniture; fine trade; good oven; nicely fitted
up: $900. 3023 Sacramento st. ■
"L"OR SALE— BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD BUBI-
T ness and location; bargain to right party. In-
quire Call Office. •■/?■'.■ ;,.y
PARTNER WANTED. IN GENERAL COM-
-1 mission business, handling different lines of
goods: present proprietor constantly traveling and
needs a partner to take charge indoors; capital re-
quired about $5000, to go entirely into the business.
Address Commission Merchant, box 47, this office.
\\r ANTED— PURCHASER FOR FIRST-CLASS
'» shoeshop with good trade; cheap rent; must
sell at once; good reasons for selling. T. A.
POTTS, 413 Seventh s:., Oakland.
\\r A NTED— LODGINtTaiOUSE; $200 CASH,
11 balance in installments. Address B. H., 869
Mission st. ; ; --: ■
A LOON CHEAP— REASONS. INI
quire 500 Ellis st.
WANTED— PARTNER IN COALYARD. IN%
1 1 quire northeast cor. Mission and Fourteenth st.
"*<*>'>". RESTAURANT— GOOD LOCATION";
<jp~ £iO, cheap rent; a bargain. Apply Call Office.
"ly I DOW OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
ii partnt-r In good paying business. 2021/ i Turk.
OLD-ESTAiiLI-HKi) BUS1NE88; DELICa"
cies, tamale and supper parlor for sale: reason-
able: account of poor health. 613 Jones st.
!">() BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES FOR
tJpi«JU. sale; cheap rent. GEO. C. YOUNG,
I'etaluma.
Q MALL VARIETY-STORE FOR SALE: REA-
I O sonable. 3110 Sixteenth St., above Valencia.
T^OR SALE CHEAP; SALOON IN Al LOCA-
X 1 tion: owning party going out of business. Ad-
dress P. <;.. box 9. Call Office.
figlf;*) CORNER CIGAR-STORK ; FINE FlX-
*ipx*j\'. tures and stock: no nlsrht or Sunday
work. Apply HERMAN, 228 Pacific.
REST AURAS I . MARKET ST.. CHEAP: GOOD
business; bargain. BARCLAY <t LYNCH, 935
Market st.| .•■:»■■■:,,
pEXERAL merchandise store FOX
VT sale, $2000; or. half interest; full Investiga-
tion; next to P. O. box 1, Brent wood, Cal.; re-
liable single man preferred.
BAKERY, NOTION AND CANDY STORE FOR
sale cheap. 909 Bryant.
RANCH BAKERY, COFFEE OR LUNCH
place; good location; cheap rent; on account of
leaving city, must be sold for your own onerincr.
Apply Call Office.
<2l7^n BUTCHER BUSINESS, SELL! NO
<{P I U\J. 4 beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 600 pounds
veal a week; rent $14: 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
452 Tehama st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
pOAL AND FEED BUSINESS IN OAKLAND,
\J clearing from $5 to $8 per day. J. H. EDSON,
20 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
ITiOR SALE-MY HALF-INTEREST IN SES.
A taurant; cheap; other business cause. Apply
29 Sixth st. y
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
J- Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only. >.% <
BAKERY AND~NOTIO!SS; CHEAP; RENT
$8: no agents. Inquire this office.
A WEEK'S NEWS J FOR 5 CENTS — THM
WEEKLY CAJ.L. fa wrapper, for mailing.
LODti^xtj-Housjss FOB salel
<R9orT — cashT- — _1
<P«J\JV7 24- room house. DECKER, 1206 Market.
HOTEL tit) ROOMS. BAR, 50 BOARDERS:
payments. DECKER, 1206 Market.
C» 99 X 10-ROOM HOUSE ; GOOD LOCAT ION ;
'U' ——«-'• 18 rooms; best corner In city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
20 rooms; sunny corner; must sell ;. 700
10-rooin house: very central: ;. 150
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St.. cor Taylor.
Cfftf) OHO TO LOAN ON FURNITURE."
<PUVJ.UUU DKCKEB, 1206 Mark. St.
jIJIOnA 40- ROOM HOUSE, NEAR THB
VDA&W. Baldwin. DECKER. 1206 Market.
f»A rooms; FINE CORNER; worth $5000:
yt\J $2000 will buy It. -..■ DECKER, 1206 Market.
©700 4 * ROOMS: CLEARS OVER $100
ifij '»"■ per month; trial given. 115 Second st.
FI'KXITI'KK FOX SALE.
SOLID OAK PALACE FOLDING-BED FOR
sale cheap. Inquire Hotel Langham.
TV"EARLY NEW FURNITURE OF A 6-ROOM;
i-^ flat; cheap. 639 Valencia st.
WE WILL MOVE FEBRUARY 1 '
; » 1 Previous to moving to 747 Market St. we offep
: our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
! mendous reduction. No reasonable oiler refused.
I Roxbury Brussels (laid).... 75a
English Linoleum (laid) ..350
'_ ■ SHIREK & SHIREK, 1310-13 Stockton st.
He. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding: new folding-beds, ,*9 and up: stop-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
E EDUCTIONS ON LARGE OTOCK. NEW AND"
J-V second-hand: 400 carpet good as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 25c;
ranges, $6: cash or Installments; goods snipped
free, T. 11. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
_ yUKXjTUKK WAXTKP
"pßlcirpAlb FOR FURNITURE. JA-
COB BCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4tb & sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
Jr\. second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co., 813 Market St.; call or send postal.
~~~~~ CAKPKT^tLKANIXG. •
pARPETS, CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth"; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., 240
• 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
piTY STEAM c a 1 1 PET A NING.RENO V A^
\J ting, 38 Bth. STE.VENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATrKG ANDREW
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
•VTATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND REXoT
IN vatin? Works HAMPTON 4BAILLY: laying
and altenn-r. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244?
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» T poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
ret Beat in* Work,, 363-7 Tehama; let sHo!
( ;O->'K Ll^;s'<-"ARPb:T BEATING WORKS. US
\J Goldnn Gate aye. : telephone east 126.
STOKAGfi
CTORAaEOFJTJRmTUBBTPIAKO&HODBk
p bold goods, etc^ 735 Market st
WILSON BROTHERS. 17K) Markftl
_>>J-torage : low rates: telephone Soiuh ?6J.
I * tOAN association.CITY KEAL ESTATE.
In. H. UMBSEN « CO-
, REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery st.. near Market
Cull end obtain one of ouf "Real Estate Records."
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
rcrts of the city.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
Q. 7 AAA 3 ELEGANT NEW BAY-WINDOW
«D I UUU. flats of 6,5 and 5 rooms and bath
each, etc.; actu.v rent $65 per month: this is a
splendid Investment; bargain.
QQQ AAA CHOICE DOWNTOWN busi-
OOO.UUU. ness corner near Market St.: Im-
provements rent for $167 per month; lot 30x80.
CJ/iO'A a FINE NEW BAY-WINDOW
tDO^iJU. residence of 8 rooms and bath, laun-
dry, etc., etc. ; north side of O'Farrell st.; nice lo-
cation; mortgage of $5000 at 7 per cent: can re-
main if desired.
OOXnA NEW BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
<4*)ZOUU. of 5 rooms and bath; laundry; base-
ment: brick foundation, etc.: nice flower garden;
lot 25x111: Army St.: near Guerrerost. electric
road. *
C' 4 '""A ANOTHER SNAP; LOVELY HOME
O*i i OU. on Fulton St.: nearly new bay-window
cottape of 6 rooms and bath, etc: brick founda-
tion; lot 25x137:6.
IfrQCAn POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD:
t"*S— OUU. Clemeutina-st, investment; house of
7 rooms and lot 25x80.
."-Aft A GRAND BARGAIN; RENT $74
»** I .)VU. per month: 2 houses and 2 flats; Pine
at.; lot 25x120; 2 frontages.
A/inPA 2-STORY BASEMENT HOUSE OF
CD-i'U. 9 rooms and bath: brick foundation;
Harrison s:.: lot 25x85.
OAA A FILLMOREST.; 4 SUBSTANTIAL
t2>c"UUl/. bay-window flats; brick foundation ;
lot 48x81 :S; rent $70 per month.
Q7AAA BUSINESS CORNER ON 22D ST.;
O i v'UU. substantial building in store and flat;
brick foundation: stone walks; both streets ac-
cepted ; lot 27x90.
Q.AI 00 ANOTHERGIVEAWAY;3FLATS;
LUU. corner on Greenwich St.; rent $49;
large lot.
Q9Q^A TREAT AYE.: 2 HOUSES; BENT
C — COU. 924; lot 30x110 and 90.
Qi^CPLA A BARGAIN; RENT $72 50; 3
OvJCOU. •:■ frai : new modern flats; on Fulton
61.; lot 25x137:6.
Q9QAA COTTAGE ON THE MISSION
»__•'>'"'. electric line; 24th st.; 5 rooms, etc.;
lot 25:11x114; easy terms.
QQAAA CLAY-ST. INVESTMENT/; 2 SUB-
''U'*. stantial houses; rent $60 per month
above water; lot 37:6x71; street accepted; good
Investment.
UMIMPROVED.
$2300-Scott-st.. building lot; 25x116:3.
94400 Mission St.; 26] 100.
91300— Building lot on 18;h st; 25x100.
92050— Sunny line of Frederick St.; 25x106:3.
51550 eaih-2 lots; 88:3x100 each; Potrero aye.
91760— Sunny line of Golden Gate aye.; 25x110.
G. H. CMBSI * CO., 1 i Montgomery st.
TV- ILL E. t ISHER <fc CO., ~
>» RfiAX ESTATE AGENTS
AND GENERAL AUCTIONEERS,
14 POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED: RENTS COLLECTED:
PROPERTY CARED FOR; INSURANCE
PLACED.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $300 TO 91000.
Ql AAA CALIFORNIA ST. AND 2D AYE.
ijLUUV/. lots; easy terms.
<»' ( in T " 25x120; 10TH AYE., NEAR
\J'.i\J. California st; street work all done;
cheapest lot east of Twelfth aye.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
Q.IAA FOUR BLOCKS FROM THE PARK;
«35 ~±\J\J. ready to t>uild on; easy terms; only a
tew left.
MISSION LOTS.
Ql 16TH ST., COR. DOLORES, 25x71;
C ■i-OKJxJ , easy terms.
WESTERN ADDITION.
QiOXn ELEGANT LOT, 25x100: X. SIDE
'J if. <n». Grove, nr. Baker: nothing cheaper.
S99^H TWO LOTS EACH 25x106:3; ASH-
V. — — UU. bury st., near Waller; street bltumi-
nized; grand marine view.
IMPROVED.
Qil^OO 725 CALIFORNIA ST.; 34x92:
<irtUViU. large house: income 940 per month.
Q"y7oo LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS ;
«(,OIVV/. Howard St., near Fourth; cheapest
buy south of Market.
Ql9 00 A ELEGANT VAN NESS AYE.
gl-.UUU. residence; 16 rooms; modern; de-
sirable location.
< 1 9 CHOICE BUSINESS INVEST-
O-»-*- '■•O\J\J. nient: California sr.. near Larkin;
40x80; substantial 3-story house;
rent $100; owner anxious to sell.
Ql 9 ?\C\(\ ELEGANT HOUoE; E. SIDE
•- -» —.OUU. Green; lot 36x103:6; easy terms.
HOUSES AND LOTS IN ALL PARTS OF
the city. Call for lists.
OME AND SEE ~
GOOD LEVEL LOTS,
25x100 to 1-JO,
IN BERKELEY.
ONLY $200 EACH. ONLY $1 WEEKLY.
GOOD VIEWS. SOIL AND DRAINAGE.
BRIGHT PKOSPkCTS.
GOOD VXKWS, SOIL AND DRAINAGE.
Free maps; free ride to property. CHAS. A.
BAILEY, 46 Market st.
O>QRAA 3 NEW FLATS, NKAR BROAD-
*S;tJiJ\J\J . way and Jones St.; renting for 935
per month.
Ql RAO - FLATS, NEAR JONES AND PA-
<D-l-vJI/U. cific: both rented and paying 14 per
cent on the investment
Q99AA LOTS ON PAGE ST., NEAR ASH-
<J — W- bury : size 25x137:6; one-fourth cash,
' balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
J. W. WRIGHT £ CO.,
Heal Estate,
628 Market st,
A HOUSE FOR 96 40 A MONTH.
How can that be? Easy enough. $6 40 is the
average interest a month on a house and lot in the
Heyia Tract costing $2500. You pay $300
down: balance $25 monthly with 7 per cent In-
terest. Every month the "interest decreases, so
that the last month there Is no interest to pay.
The average payment for interest is thus 96 40 a
month, or. In other words, the rent of the house
until paid for.
Buy a home while yon are young; it will come
very hand y when you are old.
The Heyman Tract is being rapidly built up with
the best class of nooses. Examine the houses now
being built. Take Castro-st. car to 23d st (walk
two blocks rest), or take .v ission-st. car, transfer
Xt 22d st. and ride directly to the tract.
Streets are all graded: gas and water piped.
JAMES a. COTTEK, resident agent on the tract,
will show you all around.
JACOB HEYMAN, owner, room 5, Crocker
building. Post and Market sts.
$650— Lot 25x100: 1 block from Mission St.; per-
fectly level; strict graded ; $10 monthly.
*500— Lots ready to build on; 1 block from 18th-
si. electric-car; 910 monthly.
$300 each— Lots 25x116; near Silver aye.; 95
monthly.
MISSION-ROAD LOTS:
$250 EACH; 96 MONTHLY.
4 $560— Richmond lots on 23d aye.; $10 monthly.
JACOB HEY .MAN, owner, room 6, Crocker
building, Post and Montgomery sis.
JOHN P±ORR. 328 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
*} Safe Deposit, oilers for sale:
$18,600— Fine corner property on 16th St.; 2-
story bouse: bet. Mission and Valencia; stores be-
low and rooms upstairs: lot 40x116; rent $110.
$50,000— Taylor St.. near Market; 45x137:6;
2 stores below and 2 apartments of 9 rooms each
upstairs; always rented.
Reduced to $30,500— Northwest corner Mission
and 17th s;.s. ; lot 65x100 feet, with improvements;
■'-story; 3 stores. 3 flats and 2 cottages; rent $200.
$12,600— Valencia St., south of 10th: 2-story bay-
window house,.store and dwelling back and com-
modious flat 7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x83
feet: always rented; make offer.
$3000— 7 th st, near Brannan; lot 25x75, with
Improvements; renting at 930.
DWELLINGS.
97000— Rent $60: Folsom st., near Bth; 3 story,
store, and 10 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 28x100-
feet.
$6800— ?85: lot 46:6x62:6: Jackson st.,
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
97260— Modern built 2-story house on Fulton st,
. near Fillmore; 9 rooms and bath: lot 27:6x136.
$3100— A fine cottage, a rooms and bath, on 19tn
si., near Castro; on installments without Interest
UNIMPROVED.
$3500— Dolores st, near 22d;' 26x125.
$800— Noe st, near 30th : lot 36:6x76.
S3DOO— Fine corner lot 70x1 10, cor. Ist. t\d 10th
»vr., si side entrance to park.
$550— 15th aye., bet. C and D sts.; 25x120.
Corner FiUmore and Grrmunia st».; 24x81 :3.
3500— Lot 75x300 icet; cor. 19Ui and Euieca
etre'is- make ofler.
KBAX ESTATE FOB SALE BY
C. H. REYNOLDS A CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
92000— Point Xx>bos avenue, splendid corner lot.
SI SOO— N W . cor. lot; 4 :...-.. north of Park.
f 1250 — Point Lobos-Hve. business corner lot
$50tJ0— D st.: business corner lot: N. line Golden
tiate Park; near car terminus and boulevard.
■-'.'• feet front lots; 27tli aye.. bet California and
'-lenient rts.; cheap.
I- nth aye., lot 25x120, near Clement st. and
electric cars.
Jn 6 9x1a7:3; Masou St.; house and lot; near
,*2? u r, w a.vnest; fine lots: near CorUand aye.
-'• > . xl1 * o—Jefferson0 — Jefferson 8 •.. near San Bruno, Cortland
and crescent nves. aud car line.
& I 00 RI <'HMONI> LOT, 25x120; READY
!».7kn build on if necessary; full price $350:
«j*.«o mortgage to Hibernia Bank can remain at
"'/2 Percent; a chance to make $250 on an invest-
ment of gIQQ. Apply Owner, 731 Harrison st
PROPERTY ™ VANTEI) TOR CASH-REBI-
x dence bet. Pierce. Derlsadero, Pine and Clay
S io Pr ' " to * 10 ' 000 - Address P.. O box
CITY REAL : ESTATE.
MADISOX & BURKE/" "real" ESTATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
S W * COR. VAN NESS AYE. AND O'FARRELL
st; 120 on Van Ness aye. by 178 In depth; 3
frontages. MADISON <fc BORKE,
Q.7^00 KENT $80 PER MONTH ; 4TENE-
*^ '„„ I" * nitDts "art lot 25x120; I*, line of Pine
SVti^St.-. I ' 0 Polk; a trontages. MADISON &
IS I J'tlV I*4.
Ql h 000 WALLER ST. COR. SHRADER:
«Ti oA U VrVr\, building stores and flats; lot
34:7x80. MADISON & BURKE.
•s'l 2 000 OCT AVIA, XR. ELLIS: 11
i?tloxir o u Vr' rooms and bath; modern house:
lot 30x110. MADISON & BURKE.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT-
„. It rooms und bath; all modern conveniences-
-25x13/ :6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE. '
pHOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
V bath, attic and basement: all improvements,
heater, etc.; Steiner, bet California and Sacra- I
mento; lot 106 :3. MADISON & BURKE.
Qfi^OO WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVlBA-
ts)\ja\Jy'. dero— rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON & BURKE.
ONLY $6000; BRODERICK, NEAR BUSH;
lot 50x90. with house of 11 rooms, occupying
25 feet, which with small outlay can be turned'into
two flats. MADISON & BURKE. -
QftOOO PAGE, NEAR BRODERIOK: KESI-
<I,,\J\J\J\J. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
87:6. MADISON & BURKE. '
QXAAO Ko - 210 MINNA ST., XR. 3D; EX-
<pOUWU. amine and make an offer: store and 3
rooms: flat, 9 rooms. MADISON <fc BURKE.
<£ P^AOO 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
f3}O\J\J\J. Ridley; rents 944; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
QQAAA MINNA, NKAR 7TH, 2 FLATS,
<U)OUUU. renting for $30; lot 22:6x80.
Q9AAA RENTS $24 PER MONTH; LE
— \'\jyj. Roy place, near Sacramento and
Leavenworth sts.; lot 22:6x80.
© OKA 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENTS 912-
-'4TOOV/. Potrero, near Union Iron Works; lot
1.5x65. . .
HOUSE AND LOT; 1318 LEAVENWORTH
-LL st., bet. Clay and Washington; 9 rooms and
bath; • electric lighting; hot-air furnace: been
rented for $60; reduced from $8500 to 97250 Ap-
ply MADISON <fc BURKE.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$10.500— Devisadero, near Fulton; 82:6x90.
$16.000— Carp and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
$5500— Washington, corner Lyon; 31:3x100.
$4500— NX. cor. Vicksburg; 50x114.
$4000— 65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$S5OO-Steiner, near Pine: 25x103.
$3500— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$2700— Noe, near Market; 25x100. "
$2500— Cheap; Clay, near Baker; 25x105.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott: 117:6.
$1550— Vicksburg, near 22d; 32-6x117:6 to an
alley.
91360 — Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
$1300— 19 th, near Sanchez: 26x114.
Sanchez, cor. Valley; 26:6x100; $1250.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
O'FARRELL & CO..
' REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
HOUSE BROKERS AND AUCTIONEERS, j
QQAAA PACIFIC ST., NEAR LARKIX-
«JP O\J \J\J . Business property; rents $24.
SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE— JACKSON ST..
O corner Presidio " Heights; make an offer-
-25x95:6.
QfiAAA TURK ST., NR. VAX NESS AYE.—
«35OUUVJ. sold for absentee: 27:6x120 to rear
street; improvements rented for $40 per
month; one of the few inside pieces that can
be bought at a low figure.
QQAAA GOTJGH ST.-FINE LOCATION:
*S)U\J\J\J . surrounded by elegant Improvements:
street accepted; pays 9 per cent; flats of 7
rooms and bath each.
QQP\OO RENTS $40; 4 nearly new
t£)OtJ\J\J. flats; near 18th and Valencia sts.;
street paved with bituminous rock; stone
sidewalk; make offer.
Q^OOO POLK-ST. RESIDENCE; AX IM-
K^nJ\J\J\J. mediate offer wanted: nearly new- 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
Ql ROO ONLY — NEAR LEAVENWORTH
t3X\J\J\J and Pacific; 2-story house of 7 rooms
suitable for one or two families.
Qzl^kOO REDUCED FROM R6000; CALI-
«JP U\J\J . fornla st., near Larkin; fine sunny
lot ; flats on this lot would pay 10 per cent.
Ql 900 EACH-VERY LOW: 3 LOTS 1
tOXjL.\jyi block from Castro-st cable-cars: near
Market and 17th sts.; each 24:8x125; worth
$UOO each.
Qft^AA PROBATE SALE— NEAR MAR-
<S3L/c"V/U. ket and 4th sts.; 3 houses on 60 feet
front: must be sold to close an estate; pays
10 percent.
A CHANCE TO GET A HOME.
OX EASY TERMS.
FINE LOTS ALL READY FOR BUILDING.
PRICE 9350 TO 9550.
TAKE MISSION-ST. ELECTRIC CARS.
GET OFF AT FRANCIS ST.
APPLY AT OUR OFFICE ON TRACT.
ONLY 10 LOTS LEFT.
SEE THEM AND YOU WILL BUY.
O'FARRELL <fc CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
AM. SPECK & CO. '3 ~
. CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
QQ.OA CASH— 9I9OO IN $20 MONTHLY
«4p*JUU payments buys elegant new 6-room and
bath cottage; a beautiful home; near 2 car
. lines; must be sold to satisfy bank mortgage.
QPwAA CASH, balance is easy month-
«4pUU\J ly payments, buys elegant new house of
2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath and large
lot within 2 blocks of Haight-st. entrance to
the park; in perfect order.
GUI 9?\A SIX-ROOM MODERN COTTAGE
L^iOxJ. near car line.
QQAAA Two SICE FLATS NEAR 6TH
fJpOv/UU. and Howard sts.; rent 930 a month.
AcnAOABH, BALANCE OF $2500 SAME
<TpU\JU as rent, buys business property in Rich-
mond; rent $30.
QQAAA FOUR FLATS NEAR 9TH AND
»ii)OUUU. Harrison sts.; rents $40.
QQ9AA TWO NEARLY NEW FLATS OX
*3O£.\J\J. car line; rents $32.
Q£9AA ELEGANT, .MODERN 8-ROOM
(£)\JJ*\J\J • residence on Bush, near Buchanan.
Q7AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY IN THE
«U> I \J\J\J. vicinity of Fourth and Mission st.;
lot 50x80 ft.; re*nts about $65.
i£»QAAA 6 FLATS NEAR 7TH AND MAR-
OOUUU. ketsts; rents $71.
AZ.(\f\ BUSINESS PROPERTY IN THE
«J)-tt)UU. vicinity of 24th and Mission sts.;
mortgage of 93000 can remain.
O»J.7XA 4 FLATS ON KINCOX HILL;
«Jp-± I UU. rents 951.
Qft AAA 3 NICE FLATS WITHIN THREE
t^)\J\J\J\J. block* of the City Hall: rents 955.
HJOOAA 2 NEW FLATS NEAR 17TH AND
tiDOOUU. Market sts: rents $32.
II^AA 4 FLATS NEAR 6TH AND HOW-
*£)OO\J\J. ardsts.; lot 37x112 ft.
Oil AA A 3 NEARLY NEW FLATS OX CAR-
<ipU\J\f\J. line in the vicinity of Mission and
14th sts.; rents 947: mortgage US soo.
<S?C^AA 3 FLATS ON BUSH ST., NEAR
tjJUUUU. Mason: rents 958.
H£Pv?\AA BUSINESS PROPERTY OX 16TH
iipUO\J\J. St., near Market; lot 60x100; must
be sold Immediately.
SKfiAA ELEGANT 7-ROOM RESIDENCE
U\J\J\J. on Pine st, near Devisadero.
QQ£ AAA BUSINESS corxkk ON sut-
«jpOU.v/UW. ter st. within a few blocks of the
Hotel Pleasanton: lot 58x100.
Ql / 1 AAA 4 NEW FLATS IN THE VICIN-
<J)J_U.UUU. ity of Oak and Webster sts.; rents
$80; lot 32x100.
Ql QA MONTHLY RENTS BUSINESS
«2)J-t)U property; Howard and 4th sts.; offer
wanted.
Qlft PvAA GEARY-ST. CORNER; NOT
<tj) J. \J.O\J\J. far from Kearny st; 28 feet front.
QQ7 t\(lf\ BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
«(PO 4 .O\J\J- Geary and Stockton sta.
<y»K^ AAA business PROPERTY VERY
t*p*JO.\J\JV. near the Baldwin; rents 9250.
A. M. SPECK * CO.,
- 602 Market st.
\\r H. GRIM <ft CO.,
I? . REAL KsfATE AND INSURANCE
BROKERS, 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
HOWARD, NKAR IST; 25 OR 50x86; RENT
$62 60. • .
Q "^AAA CAPP, NR. 23D ; 8 ROOMS: BATH;
<JJ)OUUU. 40x122:6.
4 ->QAA 19TH, NR. YORK; 9 BOOMS AND
tjJJOOUU. bath; new; 25x100.
Q9AAA ALVARADO, NR. GUERRERO; 4
«JJ)ZUUU. rooms: 25x114.
e >~Ai *'ULTON, NEAR OCTAVIA; 3
«©I>ZiUU. flats and store: fine Income; 25x87:6.
QQAA EACH— SB. SANCHEZ; 25x
O^UU 114: fine view.
Q 9AA CASTRO ADDITION: LAIDLEY.NB.
OuW. Roanoke: 25x100; part cash.
vim; INEVSTMENTS-$3000— 4 FLAT 3,. 3
X blocks from 6th and Market; Income 9360 per
year. $4500— Grove st., near City Hall: rents
9480. Special— s2ooo— cottage, Western ad-
dition; 20 minutes from Call Office; lot 25x144-
-half cash. I. c. SCHAKFF, 18 Post st. •
st 10 V 1 SOLD TO-DAY; TH LOT IS
tJpJLZitJ worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash: title insurance; gee owner at once.
9 Powell st, room 3.
(17.1 WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS*.
OJL $100— Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
1 cheap. .
9175— L0t 26x136; SI weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100; $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 26x100; $1 60 weekly: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$160— Lot 24x100: 91 weekly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, 46 Market st, or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. ■ ■
mO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL E*£
J tate and business of every - description. A. J.
PROPER & CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
. _^^^ ■ CITY REAL . ESTATE. __ '
A. H. LISSAK. O. F. YON RHKIX.
OF. YON RHEIN & CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street
Corner Clay and Stockton; 59:8x68:9; Chinese
stores ; rents $142 50.
Stockton, nr. Clay; 60:10x08:9: Chinese stores;
rents 945.
$15.000— Taylor, near Eddy; 26x80: 2 bay-win'
dow flats, 13 rooms and baths; rents 977 60.
$12,000— Page, near Gough, to Rose aye.: 27:6 x
120: 2 flats in front and 2 in rear; rents $76.
- $14,000— Howard, bet. Ist and 2d; 41:8x85; 2
houses: rents $45.
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard; 40x97:6;
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000; balance at purchaser's convenience. ■
$10,500— Francisco.near Stockton 45:10x137:6;
4 houses and 2 rear houses: 24 rooms: rents 982.
910,000— Howard, near Ist; 25x85; inadequately
Improved ; rent 940.
910,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6 fine resi-
dence, 12 rooms and bath.
$8250— Hyde, near Sutter: 26x68:9; 2-story
house; 10 rooms and bath: rent $50.
$8000— KissUng, near 11th and Howard ; 47x80;
4 flats.
$8000— Howard, near 23d: 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— O'Farrell, near Hyde; 23x90; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; rent 936.
$8000— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
96500— Mason, near Post ; 18x65; 2-story house :
7 rooms and bath: rents 931 SO.
$6600— Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley; store and flat above.
$5500— Everett, near 3d: 8 bay-window flats, 17
rooms and baths; rents $50; 23:9x80.
5350— Pacific, nor Hyde; 45x65: 2 flats.
$6000— Francisco st. and Worden place, near
Stockton; 25x68:6; 55-story house; butcher-shop
and 2 rooms, and upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rent* 939. :
$4500— Green, near Lagnna; 23:7x100: nice 2-
story bay-window residence: 8 rooms and bath.
$4200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92r6; cottage, 6
rooms arid bath.
$3800— Waller, near Steiner, through to Ger-
mania; 25x120; 2 flats on Germania frontage;
rents $23.
93250— aye., near Clement St.; 25x88:6; new
bay-window cottage ; 6 rooms and bath cash
$1100; balance easy terms.
Cottage — Larkin, near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $1200 cash, balance same as rent;
27:6x110.
83000— Francisco, near Stockton; 23x68:9; cot-
tage, 6 rooms and large basement
$3000— Salmon, near Pacific; 20x60 to Himmel-
man place; front and rear house, 11 rooms; rent;.
930.
$3000— Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
rooms; rents 932.
92300— Shipley, near Harrison aye., 7th and Fol-
som ; 20x75 ; 2-story house, 2 flats, 8 rooms ; rents
$1760— Fairmount Tract; Arlington, near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
91250— Salmon, near Broadway; 20x60; 2-story
house, 4 rooms; rent $8.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley. .
$5500— California, near Hyde: 27:6x137:8.
$3200— Liberty, near Dolores: 50x114.
91675— 23 d and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 60x75.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x260 through
to Kllen.
91000— Homestead, near 24th; 50x125; will
subdivide.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st. ;
20x65 to rear street. -. ■ - „•
*900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road. T :.■,-•. -
Q^^OO WASHINGTON ST., BET. STOCK-
iipiJOiJ\J. ton and Powell; two-story and base-
ment house of 8 rooms and bath; also 4 rear tene-
ments of 4 rooms each; lot 25x137:6; rents $60.
Q^kAAA RHOTWELL ST., BET. 22D AND
t£)O\J\J\J. 23r1: two-story.and basement frame
building of 9 rooms; lot 32:6x122.
Ql £\AA 17TH ST.. BET. HOWARD AND
»]pJ-iJLM_r. Capp; two-story building, containing
2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100;
rent $38.
Q F^O?: A CLEMENT ST., NEAR STH AYE.;
<i£SO<iiO\J. two stories and basement; 10 rooms
and bath: lot 25x100.
ffl»77?\A SHOTWEIiL ST., BET. 17TH AND
<p I i OVJ. 18th: 3 nice bay-window flats of 6,
6 aud 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6; rent $60;
mortgage 92500; will exchange for downtown
property and pay the difference in cash.
Q7OAA HARRIET ST., NEAR HARRISON;
tjp I \JyJ\J. 3 two-story houses of 6 rooms each;
rents $60: lot 50x75.
Q9QAA SANCHEZ ST., NEAR ELIZA-
tJp.i-OUU. beth; bay-window cottage of 6 rooms
and bath.
S79^o PRICE REDUCED FROM 98500;
I ■—'■'"• Leavenworth St., near Clay; 2-story
bay-window house of 9 rooms and bath.
QCOKA DEVISADERO ST., NEAR WAL-
*-'«-' O\J. ler; 2-story bay-window residence of
9 rooms and bath: lot 26x107.
Qfi9nA CALIFORNIA ST., BET. DEVISA-
*<?\J-j'J\J. dero and Broderick; 2-story and base-
ment bay-window residence of 8 rooms and bath-
lot 27:6x137:6.
QROKn BRODERICK ST., BET. BUSH
<SS«J.£«J". and Pine: nice modern bay-window
house of 8 rooms and bath.
©7 AAA McALLJSTKR ST., NEAR GOUGH;
tJP I \J\J\J. 2-story and basement house; lot 25x
| 120.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
BUY A LOT ~~~ ' ~
Before Smro's New
Electric Road starts
to run, on February 1.
You will make money
if you do. Lots on 25th
aye., Clement and Point Lobos.
Prices $375 and upward. Terms
$50 cash, $10 monthly. No shifting sand.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
rnHE CHEAPEST LOTS
-Lin this city are those In the Castro-st. Addition.
PRICES $360 TO 9450.
All the Streets are graded, sewered and macadam-
ized: water piped to every lot; on the line of an
electric road: title perfect
TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
i Special inducements to all parties who will buy a
lot before February 1 and who will build a cottage
before April 1. Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
HAVE YOU SEEN ~~" "
Ithe1 the new blocks we are offering in subdivisions:
10th aye.; 11th aye.: Ms*.; Ns'.; south of the
park; price $275; terms $25 cash, 910 monthly
good buy. * '
. BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
HAINWALD, UUCKBEE .ft CO., REAL. £13-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
918,000— Beautiful modern residence In Western
Addition; Clay st., beyond Lacuna; 12 rooms,
basement and attic; natural wood finish-
salon parlors; owner will take In part pay-
ment an improved place In Ross Valley, San
Mateo or Redwood City not to exceed $8000
in value.
$25,000— 15t st; corner; largo lot; improvements
consist of 9 flats from 5 to 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $194.
917,000— Eddy st.; downtown: 3 elegant modern
flats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath: rents $140-
-lot 26x87:6. - '
$5000— Devisadero st., near Waller; modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms and bath; 5 bedrooms :
very cheap; lot 25x106:3. '
$6000— Broadway, near Devisadero: fine marine
view lot; 40x127 :8Vi.
910,000— $1200 per annum; downtown-
close to Grant aye.: one tenant. '
$6500— Louisa st, near 4th; 4 flats; rents $55 50-
-lot 39:7x69.
$18,500— Eddy st., near Larkin; price reduced
from $23,000: 3 substantial houses: rents
$127 50; lot 57:6x93.
92700— Nineteenth st, near Castro; modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 30x76; easy
terms if desired.
$3000— Beautiful new cottage: 12 Day st., near
;■• '- "; .Dolores: contains 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; easy terms: small cash payment- bal-
ance at 7 per cent; lot 25x114.
$850— Terms $100 cash, balance 920 monthly-
Richmond lots; 10th aye., near California
st; cheap.
$600— Hill st, near Sanchez: 25x114- offer
wanted.
$2250— Clay St.: marine view: Presidio Heights
near Laurel st; 27:6x127:81/4, or two lots at
the same rate.
$6250-905 Fillmore St., near McAllister; hand-
some two-story cottage of 7 rooms and bath •
lot 25x87:6. ■-.-•:;
95250— Brodcrlck st, near Clay; very handsome
cottage of 6 rooms and bath ; lot 27:8Vix80.
$15,000— Mission st, N. line, near 6th; store and
flat above: 99000 mortgage can remain at
«V 3 percent; lot 25x90.
$3300— Stevenson st, near 19th; 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms and bath: rents $30; lot 25x80.
94250— Minna St., near 2d; rents $42; lot
25x80 feet
96000— Price reduced from 97500; substantial
. bay-window house of -8 rooms and bath;
Golden Gate aye., near Pierce; lot 27:6x110
feet.
$4500— 14 th and Jessie sts., northwest corner:
25x95 feet.
99250— Mission st, near 19th; lot 46x122:6,
with 2 houses: rents 945.
92800— Cost owner over $4000; handsome modern
' bay-window cottage, 5 rooms and bath; ce-
ment street; on line Sutro electric road;
easy terms, equal to rent if desired.
; $1260— Stevenson st., near 14tn, 26x65 feet; or
three lots at same rate.'
$1100— Noe st., E. line, near Hill; 26x110 feet;
lot all graded and ready to build on.
$3400— N. sia« Jackson st., near. Leavenworth, a
2-story flat of 4 rooms each ;, rent 924 50
per month; size 10t 24:6x82. -•■
91700— Clay St., near Spruce: Presidio Heights;
2Cx127:8V4. or 3 lots at the same rate.
$2000— st., bet. 16th and 16th sts.: 25x125
. feet ; on line electric road. " - . :
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application. •
» SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE <S CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills building.
TVTE W COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS, BATH, La U N.
xi dry, etc.; excellent neighborhood;] easiest
terms. 202 Powell st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I'VE MINUTES FROM THE BALDWIN^ S
FINE MODERN RESIDENCE.
NORTH SJDE O'FARKELL ST., NR. GOUOH.
©1Q f\f\f\ A HANDSOME DOWNTOWN
<J|)XO.UUU. residence of 11 rooms, bath, etc.;
handsomely decorated;, modern and elegant in
every detail; the salon parlors, music-room, large
dining-room, finished in natural oak: reception
halls and finished ballroom in basement make
this residence specially . adapted for social func-
tions; furnace heat throughout; 3 years old- lot
30x120 through to Myrtle aye.: at price offered
this is a special bargain; family departing for
Europe only cause for selling at this sacrifice;
property cost present owner over $25,000. Fur-
ther particulars at office.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO.,
638 Market st.
LEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE. ~
XJ NW. COR. FELL AND LOTT STS.
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
©19 CAA A HANDSOME HOUSE OF 11
tip I_i,uUU. rooms and bath; strictly modern-
complete in all details; also stable: lot 31:3x125,
with L 25x75: this is an unexcelled opportunity to
secure a fine home at a sacrifice. Apply at the
office for permit to inspect.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <_ CO.,
____^ 638 Market st.
ISSION HOME.
20TH ST., NR. GUERRERO.
IN THE WARM BELT.
d_CCAA HANDSOME RESIDENOE OF 8
yp«J«JUU. rooms and bath: in good condition ;
: lot 25x114; this is a line home; handy to several
car lines.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
' ' 638 Market st.
rpHREE FLATS.
1 ALWAYS RENTED.
PAYS $660 PER ANNUM.
"D EDUCED TO $6000; 3 MODERN FLATS OF
XV 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath; substantially built:
only 4 years old: on Noe St., 2 blocks north of
Market; lot 26x96: this property cost over $85 00.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
638 Market st.
ELEGANT FLATS. "
NEARLY NEW.
GROVE ST., NR.VAN NESS AYE.
©1Q AAA 3 MODERN FLATS OF 6, 7
«IP±O.U\JU. and 7 rooms and bath; on north
side of street: substantially built and always
rented ; pays 10 per cent per annum.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE «fc CO.,
638 Market st.
SAFE TO BUY. ■ • . ~~~~
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
fI_7AAA JUST THE PLACE FOR STORE
«IP I \J\J\J. and flats; an elegant corner on O'Far-
rell st.. near Webster; 90 feet on
O'Farrell.
©/IKAn NW. CORNER OF CHURCH AND
5)ii)UU. Army sis.; 88x80. This is a business
property.
<2>QAAfI TWENTY-FIFTH ST., NEARNOE,
%£)d\J\J\J. north side of street; 80x114; will sub-
divide.
©OKA A, JACKSON ST., NEAR SPRUCE;
tJp^JUU. 25xl 4 J7:BVi: beautiful marine view.
<flOQ7£ SACRAMENTO ST., NR. MAPLE;
<I)XO iO. 27:6x132. Compare this price with
adjoining property. ■
<m "I OA A FOUR CHOICE LOTS ON TWENTY-
«JpX_.UU. ninth aye.; nicely situated. "Rich-
mond."
fl_7PlA FIFTEENTH ST., NR. CASTRO;
tip I O\f. only 2 blocks north of Market.
<J_QAA TWENTY-SEVENTH AYE., NORTH
O\J\J . of Point Lobos aye.; 25x1 _0.
EASTON, ELDRIDGR A CO.,
638 Market st.
AST CHANCE— ONE LEFT.
tee these bargains right in town; elegant
6- room and bath cottages $3600; easy terms: just
completed; Shotwell st., near 17th; open daily
K. P. E. TROY, owner, 301 California st.
SOL GETZ <fc BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARK DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now Is the time to buy bargains in lots.
7c TO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
t^p I 1/ the park and Grand Boulevard ; $10 down
and $5 monthly. 6OL GETZ & BRO.
CjOAA $400, $450, 9500 TO $1100: CHOICEST
tJpOU'7. lots nonh and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist _ye. to 20th aye. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges; opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ & BRO.
"4fc IAA TO $260; BUILDING LOTS NEAR
<tJPXUv/ Missions:, and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GET/ _ BRO., Owners,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
OME FOR $200: BALANCE $2300. $25 PER
month; 5 rooms, etc. : 2 lots. 122 West Park
St., Holly Park, block from Mission cars. ■ ; .
CC. BF.MIS."
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT. :■',
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or In subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st.; 65x
137 -.6 feet.
$2600— E. side of .Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan st., bet. Is 00 and Castro: 25
xll4 feet.
*8500-F.lef.ant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
_8:i00— Choice building lota north of park.
OR S7\LE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28V 2 st., city.
3 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc., built fors32oo: 6-room cottage
and bath, 1500. -lAS McCONAHAY.II49 Mission
— — — __— —^ '
A BLESSING T^^ADTICS^I^STAiTr"^-
lief for monthly Irregularities from any cause
by the most experienced ladies' physician In Cali-
fornia; latest method: superior to any; beware of
frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. DX.
and MRS. DAVIE&.. 14 McAllister St.. next Hi- '
hernia Bauk, and avoid blood poisoning or life
injury. French F. Pink Pills, $3.
MMF." MAGIC WONDER, THE
only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67: physician's consultation free.
ADIES— CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
■i nyroyal Pills ( Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps tor
particulars, "Belli I for Ladle*," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. .
UNFORTUNATE SUFFERERS FRO PILES,
) in any form, can be put in the way of sure re-
covery by sending their address to J. W.
MITCHELL, 467 Minna St., City.
T ADIES. CONSULT FREE— Its'.' dr. SCOTT,
XJ 216 POwell st. ; only qualified specialist In the
city; $500 paid for a case I fall to cure; . diseases
of the eye treated especially. . . .
NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU
ments or worthless pills usea; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledKecau be sent and used at home-
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RS
-tx. lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladlen' physicians
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an Improved
method, superior toothers; ladles will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others; I
patients who have been Imposed upon are spe- !
cially invited; homo In confinement: treatment I
warranted: advice free: Pink Pills, *3. DR. and
MRS. DAVIISS, 14. Me A Ulster St., near Jones.
DX, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
_.lones. Diseases of women and children.
Al.I. FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE
stored in a few hours; wife and sure relief at
time; . travelers helped at one«; home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
MBA. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE: DISEASES OF
the womb a specialty. 230 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
US. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or 110
charge; separate homo for patients; best skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
187« Market.
T ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
JU ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fail;
SI per box. WIDBKR'S drugstore, 14 Ellis ■„,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents. ; •
A BURE CUBE FOR ALL FEMALE 1)18-
-xL eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with ■ every ■ comfort; satisfaction • guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYEK. '226 Turk st.
~A~ HOME, A KRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
iV MRS. DR.FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
MRS. DR. WEGENEK; PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; Irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 K.ldy st. >
ALFXAU'S FRENCH pi l A boon TO
A ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure: $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
nntll too late. OSGOOP BROS., Oakland, Cal.
1 F IRREGULAR Olt ANY FEMALE DISEASE
X tea Mrs. Dr. Vuetz mid be content. 254V B 4th.
BICrCLES^ - ~~
INDSOR BICYCLES^ STRICTLY HIGn
grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT & Co., 324 Post St.. S. F. ,; . . .
ARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LETT I
best accommodations. Terminus _eary, Mo- '
AlUiter and Powell iv car lines, j
COIjNTKT KEAIi ESTATE.
O'FARRELL '
DAVID BUSH. COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
THE GLORIOUS RAIN HAS COME.
There Is money in wheat this year!
There Is money in wine grapes this year!
There is money in table (Trapes this year!
There is money in fruit this year!
There is money in general farming this year!
LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS!
©C PER ACRE— FOR 40 ACRES IN ALA-
*ipO meda County in "Murray Township; SE.
quarter of the NE. quarter of section 28, township
4 south, range 2 east.
&A PER: ACRE FOR 440 ACRES 8 MILES
«JPtt NE. of San Miguel; all fenced and cross-
fenced: house and 2 "barns: 100 acres cultiva-
ble, balance rolling land covered with oakwood ;
water from, spring; troughs for cattle: will ex-
change, •
<3iBfiflA WILL BUY 133 ACRES ON
<ipOl/Ul/ Howell Mountain; 25 acres bearing
vineyard of resistant stock; 6 acres in prunes;
balance pasture and timber land; cottage of 5
rooms and bath; good barn; all fenced and cross-
fenced; plenty of water: will exchange.
(_^AAi| WILL BUY 90 ACRES 6 MILES
<jpUULM' from St. Helena, In Conn Valley; 40
acres of full-bearing wine grapes: all the stock,
tools, cooperage and machinery for making wine;
will exchange for San Francisco property.
OA ACRES iy 3 MILES FROM SEBASTOPOL,
O\J Sonoma County; 640 cherries, 650 peaches,
867 apples, 470 prunes, 188 pears. 30 almonds, 20
quinces, 20 apricots, 5000 wine grapes, blackber-
ries, gooseberries; 10 acres in potatoes; 1 acre in
corn; good house with 7 rooms; large barn and
outbuildings; line water; horse, harness, wagons,
buggy, plow, cultivator, fruit trays, boxes, etc. 4
acres of timber on the place; a handsome profit-
able place; price $6000; will exchange.
©qnOII WILL BUY 70 ACRES OF LAND 3
<S)OUUU miles from Glen Ellen; beautlflul
profitable place with good improvements; the
wood on this place would pay for the entire place;
would make a fine poultry place.
<J_7 Fin AN ACRE WILL BUY 400 ACRES
».JP I .UU within 1 mile of schoolhonse at Mira-
monte, with three-fifths of an artesian well flowing
1,200,000 gallons; this is splendid ground and a
great bargain.
We have some of the greatest bargains In Im-
proved fruit, vineyard, grain and stock ranches
that were ever seen In this State, as also some
fine Income properties for exchange. Call for par-
ticulars.
■GODWIN K. ALSIP & CO., '
Real Estate Dealers.
Country Real Estate a Specialty.
FOR $5500— A GENTLEMAN'S HOME OF 20
X 1 acres: good house of 6 rooms, barn, chicken-
house: 12 acres In fruit: 6 acres In vineyard; 1
mile from Sebastopol ; this is a very nice piece of
property and wants to be seen to be appreciated ;
terms very reasonable and a small payment down
will purchase it and ample time on balance.
"VTERY' LITTLE CASH REQUIRED AS FIRST
V payment; 20 acres near Merced, with 7 acres
in fruit, 7 acres in vineyard and balance alfalfa
land; all under Irrigation ; good 8-room house,
barn, chicken-house, etc.; fine well of water; good
location; price $4000.
rpo CLOSE PARTNERSHIP: WELL LOCATED
X piece of business property that pays 5 per cent
net on $90,000; will bo exchanged in part fora
$40,000 desirable ranch, balance remaining on a
mortgage.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <fc CO.,
9 Rotunda, Mills building, San Francisco.
(si! AA A KEDUCED FROM $2000; ABOVE
vr±\f\J\J. Sacramento; all Al level land:
fenced, ploughed and under water-ditch; a few
large oaks: excellent surroundings. LEE &
KISER. 306 Montgomery st.
CJ99P.A 10 ACRES, 2y 2 miles FROM
is£i£iO\J. Petaluma. 14 mile from depot; Al
level l«md; now 4-room cottage: barn; assorted
fruit trees; $500, balance on time. LEE &
KfSER, 306 Montgomery st.
A SUBDIVISION OF THE BEAUTIFUL
X»- Fairview Villa in the City of Santa Rosa; best
land on earth : 4to 20-acre tracts, with or without
fruit, at your own price and terms.
FOR EXCHANGE for unincumbered ranch
suitable for wines and fruit a block and a naif in
East Oakland; well located; cash value, $12,000:
equity, $8600.
HUGH SIIIELS, 602 Market, Crocker Building.
1 Gfi ACRES OF THE RICHEST LEVEL
J-Uv bottom land in the Stato; near two railroad
stations; between Stockton and Sacramento; will
grow all cereals and also well adapted to fruit of
almost every variety; fairly good improvements;
offered at about half its value; owner a non-resi-
dent; would exchange for Improved city property.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
FOR BALE— IOO ACRES IN SAN MATEO
county as a whole or will subdivide; also a
complete chicken raDCh; terms to suit. Apply to
owner, W. H. DUNPHY.tofflces 3 and 4, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal.
TO KENT — MOUNTAIN RANCH; WELL
wooded; house; barn; watered; long lease to
good tenant. 817 Jessie St., near Ninth.
ASH V COLONY. " ~~~~?~
J-i- At Ashnrst yon have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and readine-roomsinourvery
midst. We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. We make it possible for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address •
• ABHUKBT COLONY,
Room 10, Mills Building. S. F.
CHANCE TO GET A GOOD COUNTRY
home for $600: cash. Write at once for full
particulars to J. A. MANSADEL, box 2. Soledad,
Monterey Co., Cal. Must sell on account of family
matters.
A TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
-t years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma Clty.Cai.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
SfocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean" Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property Is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and djry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. . All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $170 per acre. Unim-
proved land with fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
1 or further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
ASTON, ELDRI.DGE & CO.,
1 "■ 638 Market Street.
San Francisco, Cat.
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
• ■ Oakdale, CaL
MARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. • •
Rancbo de Novato.  ?' v
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. VV'QOSTKR & WHITTON. San Jose,
MONEY TO LOAJS. '
T> R I V AT E PART V loans ON SECOND
X mortgage ; 6% per cent. C. D., box 66, Call.
ORTGAGES, probate LOANS, WAR.
-M rants. SALOMON & CO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
n FURNITURE OR PIANO BY private
party ; low interest: strictly private. 215 Powell.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason : private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low Interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build 1170 Market St.
IST _; __• MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
xtatf.s;lowest rates;no .MURPHY, 628 Mrkt.
ORKOW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
i skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
1 low interest: perfect secrecy; private entrance-
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OK COL-
laterals. JAMES K. DAMON, 303 Montgy;st.
MONEY LOANED, 6y 2 PER CENT ON MoRT-
gages. A. F. JOHNS & CO., 632 Market st.
JOANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
XJ mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount,: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
T OANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
XJ city or country, furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
, A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY, ETC
—a. Columbia Loan & Coliuteral Office, 9 Grant aye.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
.' PA WNBROK
TI2BT KEARNY ST., ROOM 9^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
3IONEI WANTED. — — —
GILT-KDGE LOAN.
$20,000 wanted •on first-class country prop-
erty with good Income; first mortgage.
Address G. T. E., box 44, Call Office.
<ZlAfif\(\ WANTED ONE YEAR; 8 PER
tlpjiUl'v' cent: Indorsed note: party worth 8150,-
-! 000. Address M. W.. box 83, Call Office.
~~ ~~ FINANCIAL. —~—
L^aUSi^N^IST AND 2D MOR^rGXaEtTAND
life Insurance policies: low rate of ; Interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st.
NT SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; opea
, tve_i__3. J. NOON AN, 10. 1 Mission aw-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
9 A ACRES ON COW CREEK, SHASTA CO.,
3 miles from Millville; all alfalfa land: 10-
-room house; 2 barns: owner, widow lady, will ex-
change for city or Oakland property or country
hotel; will assume mortgage: also 2 cottages to ex-
change for small ranch. Address P. KELLY,
Real Estate Exchange, 459 Ninth St., Oakland.
T?orsale OR trade— beautiful HOME,
X East Oakland; cottage of 5 rooms; lot 60x150;
barn, chicken-house, etc.; fruit trees, flowers; 1
horse, buggy, cart, cow and chickens: terms to
suit purchaser. Address F. 8., Call Office, Oak-
land. , ..
CJ^OA. CASH— A CHANCE SELDOM OF-
fp*JO\J\J fered; reduced from $5000: a fine
home containing 7 rooms, laundry and bath; lot
40 feet front; fine location; only 5 minutes' walk
to narrow-gauge depot; call and investigate.
GEO. B. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
ODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. WRITE FOR
list or see E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oak-
land. ■
TTAVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
-LX plans; Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda: easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland.
CASH VALUE $3500: PRICE FOP. 10 DAYS
\J $2500; fine corner lot; 101x103: convenient
to business center; cottage; 6 rooms; bath; street
work, stone walks complete; mortgage »2000 can
remain.
$1600 less than actual cost; lot 50x95; house of
8 rooms, bath, with barn; street work, stone side-
walks complete; 4 blocks to local station; price
$2000; mortgage at bank $1600.
$1000 discount if sold at once; fine corner lot:
100x120; neat cottage; street sewered; side-
walked; nice surroundings, and only 3 blocks from
local station: price $2700; $800 cash.
$1600— Neat cottage; in excellent location; lot
26:6x135; street work, cement sidewalks com-
plete; terms $75 cash, balance $20 per month.
J. 8. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
©inn LOTS AT FRUTTVALE STATION!
«JPlv/V/. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
fl»OA MONTHLY FOR 6-ROOM COTTAGES'
«4p^U plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statn.
(Dj>l CA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
«IPXOI/. Frultvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, postr
age free.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM>,DA SEAL ESTATE.
CM QAA HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; MODERN;
«Jy"±OUU. near narrow-gauge station: street im-
proved; northwest corner: former price $6000.
$1000; lot 60x200; street Improved; former
price $1500.
T. i\ BAIRD, Real Estate ana Insurance, 1303
Park st., Alameda.
ffI»99AA, $50 CASH, $22 50 MONTHLY; 5
«Jpii*jUV/. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000-SM) cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
33260-$2OO cash, $30 monthly; 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MAHCUBE <fc KEM.MEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
<5i 09 LOT 46x80: 2y 3 BLOCKS FROM STA-
»]POajc». tion; cottage of 4 rooms and lot; $1600.
I J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St., Alameda. r
<&! 00 DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
1 \J\J modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 36x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park st., Alameda.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
REAL ESTATE.
LNE^PROPERTY ***
FOR SALE AT LOW PRICES.
JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO.,
LAND AGENTS, SAN JOSE.
PROFITABLE ORCHARD ADJOINING THE
X city of San Jose; 40 acres: soil 20 feet: 10 acres
prunes? this year's crop sold for $2500; 10 acres
peaches, this year's crop was heavy, 45 tons from
! 3 3-7 acres, trees 30 feet apart; 10 acres fine apri-
cot orchard that yield heavy; balance in cherry
trees; price $32,600.
1 AT ACRES VALLEY LAND SOUTH OF SAN
X\J I Jose; good land; orchards adjoining; house
5 rooms, barns, etc.; scattering oak trees: there is
an orchard of about 12 acres in bearing; this prop-
erty Is finely located; convenient to railroad sta-
tion and school ; price $125 per acre: no objection
to taking San Francisco property In trade if same
is improved and umbered.
1 O(\ ACRES IN FOOTHILLS, NEAR CON-
XUVJ gress Springs; 13 miles from San Jose; 100
acres nearly level ; about 12 acres fruit trees, apri-
cots and prunes, 1 and 4 years ola: about 20 acres
grapos; Hie soil is good: small house and barn;
good springs; this property belongs to savings
I bank; anxious to sell ; will give 5 years' time, easy
I payments and reduced price; $4000.
5 ACRES ADJOINING THE CITY OF SAW
*J Jose; frontage on 3 roads; house 6 rooms, barn,
etc.; flowing well choice land: $4000.
8 ACRES 3 MILES FROM SAN JOSE; LEVEL
land; quarter mile from car line; $150 per
acre.
"I C 5 ACRES LEVEL LAND, 8 MILES FROM
li/8 San Jose; cheap: terms half cash; $1675.
5 ACRES OS MCLAUGHLIN AYE., NEAR
the city; $1275.
(* OF. ACRES, 5 MILES FROM MILPITAS, 12
\JOO miles from San Jose; hill land; 300 acres
cultivated for hay and grain. 14 acres old orchard;
ranch is well watered; large springs; house 8
rooms: large barn: price $25 per acre.
9A ACRES ORCHARD IN FULL BEARING:
£X 3 prunes 18 acres, apricots 2 acres: near the
city; $11,000.
ORCHARDS NEAR SAN JOSE ARE THE
most productive Id the State.
IACRE IMPROVED, XhAR SAN JOSE;
convenient to electric car line; house 6 rooms;
good well: $1700.
WE HAVE THE FINEST ROADS AND
schools; Santa Clara Valley is the place to live.
JAMES A. CLAYTON <fc CO., Land Agents,
Established over 25 years.
16 West Santa Clara "st., San Jose.
DAKTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
S2 East Santa Clara St., San Jose, CaL
TO EXCHANGE.
fpO^E^C^A^E^SOME^O. 1 PROPERtTiX
X Santa Cruz tor a good business in this city. Ad-
dress Ex, box 31. Call. .
©/l?inn, NEW MODERN HOUSE TO TRADE
<©1«-»VJV/. for country. ALI/EN <fc GAR-
FIELD, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
CIITY PROPERTY FOR LODGING-HOUSE.
J H, box 6, Call. •
ILL EXCHANGE* REAL ESTATE FOR
whole or half interest in real estate business.
W. P.. box 74. Call Qglce.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
rpHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN~JOAQUIN
X Valley Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. City and County of San
Francisco, State of California.
Notice— are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4
levied on the 10th day of December, 1395. the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows
No. No.
Cer. Sh'rs. Amt.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, l.o'voll
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. .
Van Sicklen, Christian de
• Guigne, trustees. 461' ; 1 $10
A. B. Spreckels. Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. '
Van Sicklen, Christian, de
. Guigne, trustees...:. 445 8 20
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, , Lovell .
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
Van Blcklen, Christian do •
Guigne, trustees '. 606 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel . Meyer,
James D. Phelan, Lovell .
White, O.D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
Van Sicklen. Christian de
Guigne, tru5tee5................. 586 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. . Pheluu, Lovell
White, O D. Baldwin, James •
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees 508 1 10
And In accordance with law and order Of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so many shares 01 each parcel of such
stock as may be necessary will be sold at public
auction at the oflice of said company. No. 321
Market at., In the City and County of San Fran-
ci co, State of California, on the 26th day of Jan-
: vary, 1896. at the hoar of eleven (11) o'clock a. m.
of said day to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
Office, No. 321 Market st.; San Francisco.
POSTPONEMENT. '
i By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration made ■ and entered upon the records
thereof upon the 21st day of January, 189 C, the
date of the delinquency of said assessment was
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1896. and
the date of sale of such delinquent stock as post-
poned until the ; 10th day of February, 1896, at
elevea (11) o'clock a. m. of said day. .■,-,;
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary. J
houses TO let.
TvD^GtTERRERO^tTROOMS, BATH, YAM,
XLOI $20; 929% Natoma, 6 rooms, $16. W. H.
CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
HOUSE OF 9 .ROOMS 1 OR 2 FAMl-
lies. 421 Powell
HOUSE— 18 ROOMS: GOOD LOCATION; SUN-
ny side; low rent; bargain. Address M. E.,
box 122. ,
HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS; WELL FURNISHED;
all occupied; $275. Address C. R., box 32,
Call Office. .
999 X POST, .BET. SCOTT AND . DEVISA-
*-__iJ — House, 6 rooms; bath; basement:
garden, staple, driveway.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS: RENT $16. 18 OAK-
den st., bet. Sixth and Seventh, Harrison and
Bryant.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH; STABLE
for horse ana wagon; large cellar; 159 Eri»
Bt., between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, nearJ-ol-
som; rent $18. MADISON & BURKE, 620 Market.
991 LAURKLAVK., BETWEEN TURK AND
jL Eddy, off Van Ness aye.— House; 4 rooms
and bath; rent reduced.
pOTTAGE, 6 ROOMS, BATH,'I92I EDDY ST:
KJ also flat, 4 rooms, 48 Parker aye., off Point Lo-
bus aye., and ;paintshop 22x75 Broderick st., near
Geary. Inquire of A. MEYER. 2303 Geary st.
pORNER BAY-WINDOW HOUSE ; ALL MOD-
\J era; 7 rooms, bath, etc.; frescoed. Key at 328
Nineteenth st., cor. Lexington aye.
4-ROOM COTTAGE, A 6-KOOM HOUSE, A
'■■ Tt 7-room house;, rent very cheap. 1822 Filbert.
TTOUSE OF 7 NICE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH;
XX yard: basement. 1611 Leavenworth st.
1 ZS)± California — house 11 sunny
! lviii: rms. bath: newly painted, decorated: yard
91 "I GEARY— HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS AND
-1 1 bath; rent reasonable; key at2l7y 3 .
TTOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
XX yard ; 147 Valencia st. ; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
AVED— DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
ELEGANT FLAT (CENTRAL and very
XJ finest in the city) of 6 very large, sunny rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, etc.; suitable for residence
or business, or livingapartmentsand business com-
bined; facing south, overlooking Union Park; car-
pets and part of furniture tor sale: $250 to $400;
will transfer long lease to purchaser. N. D.
SICKELS, 318 Post St. •
990 STEINER, NEAR SACRAMENTO —
£d£i\}\j Nicely furnished house of 7 rooms and
bath to responsible parties. Call 110 4.
UNNY COTTAGE: FURNISHED: ROOMS,
bath, front and back yard, chicken-house: half
block from Valencia or Guerrero" st. cars; rent
reasonable. 30 Dearborn St., off Seventeenth, near
Valencia.
KAY -BAKER ST. — HANDSOME, BUNNY
O\J I nicely furnished house; will rent whole or
part or board with tenant.
"VTICE SUNNY FLAT, FURNISHED: SIX
X\ rooms; bath; cheap. 2514y 3 Sutter st.
99 1 Q WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; LINEN;
■"^J-O china; piano: bath: $45.'
FURNISHED flats.
S^EWLY^URNISHE iTfIAtTTrOOMS AND
-M bath; rent $25. 2319 Pine st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ptOTTAGET 6 RO^MsT^ATIi7~LAR<:jE~CEI^
\J lar. 421 Cedar aye., off Geary st., near Laguna.
pOTTAGE 6 ROOMS— BATH; LARGE YARD;
\J cellar. 2105 Webster st., near Sacramento.
JONES— COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; SUlT-
able for one or two families.
POTTAGE OF 3 LARGE ROOMS: LARGE
\J gronnds; rent $12. Apply at 28 Colllngwood St.,
or in grocery. ' • \ . »■
pORNER COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS: LARGE
v,' yard; basement: $10. 1112 Church st.
pOTTAGE; 5 ROOMS: LARGE YARD; BASE-
\J ment ; rent $12. 621 Seventh st.
ATEAT COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
J-\ gunny; yard and basement; cheap. 2425 Post.
UNNY BAY • WINDOW COTTAGE OF 5
rooms: large yard and basement. Fifteenth
and Dolores gts. .
FLATS TO LET.
/^p7^E~^N?E^s^rH^^pTS^7~T^R6^MS r ,
OX I bath $20 00
1025 Valencia—Lower; 6 rooms, bath 22 50
437% Fulton— rooms 15 00
2825 Howard— Lower; 5 rooms, bath.. 2100
2518 Mission— 6 rooms, bath 22 00
207 Second— Upper; 7 rooms 18 00
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
T?OR RENT-ELEGANT LOWER FLAT. OF 5
X 1 rooms, bath and laundry. 1225 Jessie St., bet.
Valencia and Mission; rent reasonable.
OR. SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6
) rooms and bath. 1042 FoUom st.
L ATS— 2222-26 GEARY; 6 ROOMS EACH;
X 1 bath; reasonable.
UNNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS, BATH. 1706 POST
Street.
Q*-[ a SUNNY LOWER FLAT; 6 ROOMS,
«u>lj:. bath. 420 Fourteenth St., near Valencia.
Q97 P»rt ELEGANT FLAT; 7 LARGE
«Jp— I ,O\J. sunny rooms, bath. 2219 Sutter st.
LAT FROM 3 TO 4 ROOMS AND BATH TO
let; 160. 162 Fourteenth st.
©1Q NE. COR. POLK AND JACKSON— 4
«H>XO. sunny rooms; bath. -C/.S''
991 CLINTON PARK, BET. GUERRERO
£4% and Market— Upper sunny flat; 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Agents.
Q ROOMS. BATH. 409 THIRTEENTH ST..
O above Valencia.
"I 9QI NOE ST., BLOCK NORTH OF MAR-
X£O'£ ket— 6 rooms; 8 bay-window corner flat;
rent reduced.
■\f ODERN NEW SUNNY FLAT; LOW RENT
•iX rooms: bath and garden; top of hill. 923 Fell.
Q9O XA NEW, ELEGANT, SUNNY MOD-
«4P^O.«JU. era bay-window flat; 5 rooms; bath.
925 Golden Gate aye.
AQ-\ TENTH — FLAT, 5 LARGE ROOMS,
trOX with or without stable: rent reasonable.
I^ELL ST. (NO. 433), NEAR LAGUNA; |5
. minutes' walk from City Hall; elegant sunny
flats; 6 rooms and bath; just completed: tiled
porcelain baths and tubs; electric connections,
speaking-tube ,etc; owner on premises.
■\f ODERN 5- ROOM FLATS: SUN ALL DA~yT
i.tX 916 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
79£ MCALLISTER-SUNN V FLAT ; 6 ROOMS,
I^jU laundry and bath; rent $30. J. H. Me-
GINNEY, 728 McAllister st.
pHEAPEST FLAT IN THE CITY; 5 ROOMS
\J and bath; rent $16. Apply 1915% McAllister
St., bet. Lyon and Lott. .
ROOMS AT 26 NATOMA: RENT 37. APPLY
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery St.
ANDSOME NEW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. 784
Fourteenth, between Market and Sanchez.
TTPPER FLATS; 6 AND 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
U rent cheap. Corner Thirteenth and Folsom.
ROOM UPPER FLAT; NEW: FRONTING
Park panhandle. 1620 Fell st., near Lott.
(Dpi 9 7 ROOMS; BATH; RANGE; HOT
«Ipl^». water; water free. Jersey and Sanchez.
Q UN.NY CORNER FLAT, 7 ROOMS: BATH;
0 basement. 333 Haight. corner Webster.
Q"l A_l FELL— FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY
Oils rooms and bath.
UNNY CORNER FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND
bath; 3 bay-windows; key at 1563 Howard st.
I rfoCTA VIA— LOVELY LOWER FLAT. 7
1 XZi rooms; bath; modern improvements; brick
basement.
1 £1 CX ?,OINT LOBOS AYE.— NEW, UP-TO-
lull) date 7-room flat; sunny; $20,
I 1 1 (\O UNION — 6 rooms, bath, $21 60;
II UP 805 Union, 3 rooms $10, 4 rooms $11.
Ip LUST FLOOR— 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
' unfinished basement; $16: clean and in gooa
repair; quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
1?1VE LARGE ROOMS, FRONT AND REAR
.■ yards, sunny; $25. 22 Twelfth st., between
Mission and Howard;
TTILAT 4 PLEASANT ROOMS; REAR; RENT
reasonable. 416 Hyde at.
FIiAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT $18.
2319 Pine st. . ■
<S>~\ A 4 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND BASE-
%pI"±. ment. 26 Lloyd St., off Scott, nr. Waller.
UNNY UPPER FLAT 7 ROOMS AND BATH ;
O 827 Hayes st.
In LAT 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS; BATH;
' hot and cold water. 331 Eddy st. ■..'.
m"" PERRY BET.THIRD AND FOURTH.
Bay-window flat; 5 sunny rooms; bath.
LEG ANT FLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH AND
XJ large cellar. . 713 Grove st.
©97 XH SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT,
<E)*j I .O\J. 1804 Washington st., near Polk; 6
rooms and bathroom.
ELEGANT SUNNY FLATS, 3 ROOMS. 202
XJ Grove st., corner Van Ness.
UNNY UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH:
latest improvements; cor. oak and Scott st».
UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
basement. 396 Waller St., cor. Flllmore.
SAVE CAR FARE-BEST FLATS IN THE
city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason *nd
Sacramento sts. Apply 320Sansome St., room 4.
VERY FINE FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
V yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
91 41 FAIR OAKS-NEW SUNNY lower
flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 60. UMBSEN&
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
"^T~O~7-RObM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES.
tip 10. water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956
Union St., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage In Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & KROLL, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
AVED-DOLLAKS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery at.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
■*». • WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
Additional Classified Adrtisevc*
incuts on Page 12.
1112
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
ttrannan Street.
rrr\c% BRANNAN — NICE SUNNY FDR-
I \JJLd nished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
Broadway.
A(\O BROADWAY— FURNISHED
T.vO housekpg rooms; also single: well cleaned.
Capp Street.
infix CAPP-OXE LARGE SUNNY FUR-
X\JyJo nlsbed room for light housekeeping; bath.
j-cidy Street.
01 Q EDDY-SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
— I O keeping: private place.
090 EDDY-UNFURNISHED SUITE LARGE
•J_.O sunny pnr'.ors and kitchen, with use of bath;
rent reasonable; reference.
497 EDDY— SUXNY ROOM: 2 CLOSETS;
n— I hot and cold water: light housekeeping al-
lowed: also from parlor: reasonable.
Everett Street.
Q ( EVERETT, NEAR FOURTH-3 FUR-
O*x nished housekeeping rooms.
Fillmore Street.
q-J A FILLMORE, OFF-HAIOHT— B SUNNY
Olv' housekeeping rooms; modern improve
nients; rent I*lo. :
lolsow Street.
7Q X FOLSOM— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
I OO room; light housekeeping; $8 per month.
Fourth street.
WQC FOURTH— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
tt OO ing; rent reasonable. __^
Franklin Street.
A-l FRANKLIN— LAKGK UNFURNISHED
Tit) front room: closet: suitable light housekpg.
lieary Si : ccc.
"I Ql 1 GEARY, OPP. PARK— SIS; ALCOVE
J '/ I 1 suite and adjoining rooms, with porcelain
sink; bath: 3 closets; partly furnished.
mrr GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM
I dinine-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; $24.
Golden Gate Avenue.
QQQ GOLDEXGATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
-000 nished housekeeping rooms and bath.
CAT GOLDEN GATE — FURXISHED OR
OUI partly turnlsbed; large alcove room.
"j^9"l GOLDEN \TK AYE.— 3 OR 4 NICELY
O£X furnished rooms for housekpg: also single.
Goiijjh Sireet.
119n OOl'fiH, NEAR O'FARRELL— SUITE
I 1 —'-"of rooms; large, sunny: bath connected;
for light housekeeping: partly furnished; reference.
Grant Avenue.
"I 7 GRANT AYE. — CHANGED HANDS;
XI newly furnished rooms, single or en suite;
transient.
Harrison Street.
7qi HARRISON ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
lOL housekeeping room: stove; hot and cold
running water, bath, porch; private family: $8.
Howard Street.
rAn HOWARD-FRONT ROOM; SUITABLE
4 "i") for licht housekeeping; rent $6.
7,' l 1 HOWABD - NICELY FURXISHED
1" • 1 'i suite with kitchen; man and wife pre-
ferred.
(i/ - HOWARD-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS'
WO parlor floor.
i) NICE "SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
-- honsekeeninp. 1064% Howard st.
1 1 .I'} HOWARD-2 FRONT SUXNY BAY-
li"i- window furnished housekeeping rooms;
water: ranee; $15.
1 1 19 HOW Ann — 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
11t~ keeping rooms; water; range; bath;
rent $12.
90Q7 HOWARD— 3 HAXDSOME ROOMS;
_-«->«J I furnished or unfurnished.
Hyde Street.
Q1 9 HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
"I" light housekeeping; very reasonable.
OrjQ HYDE— 6 FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS,
O\JU suitable for housekeeping; will let single.
Jessie Street.
nX(\ JESSIE— 3 NICE ROOMS; FIRST
\JO\J floor; large yard; cellar; rent $12.
Kearny Street.
99Q KEARNY —TO LET FEB. I—s COX-
_-_.•' necting rooms, partly furnished, or 2 unfur-
nished; suitable for doctor or offices.
Larkrn Street.
"1 OOP. LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED OR
xyJKJVJ unfurnished sunny room: bath; gas.
McAllister Street.
OAA MCALLISTER ST.— B SUNNY UNFUR-
«J^I^ nished rms: housekeeping; water: gas; $12.
Minna street.
79 MINNA ST.— NEWLY PAPERED UN-
I +J furnished housekeeping rooms cheap.
Q C Q MINNA-BACK AND FRONT ROOM FOR
OO*J housekeeping: stove and water.
Mission street.
Q9KI MISSION — COMPLETELY FURNISH-
U~O2 ed sunny houskpg rooms; bath and porch.
O'Farrell Street.
9991 O'FARRELL - FURNISHED SUNNY
—-.•—2 front rooms; light housekeeping If desired.
X9£l O'FARRELL— TWO SUNNY UNFUR^
O^\JH nished rooms in basement, with stove.
Pine Street.
1 °.nf\ PIN " E — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
XOxJVJ rooms; no children: reference required.
Polk Street.
"I 9fVA EDDY-NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
X_.v keeping rooms.
1 009 POLK-SUITE OF 2 BACK ROOMS;
-l*'^-'— completely equipped for housekeeping;
foldincr bed: bath ana 'ail modern conveniences;
rent $12 50 per month.
Post Street.
9^9q POST— 3 BOOKS FURNISHED FOR
At/-.O housekeeping; rent reasonable.
fcutter street.
X9fJ PUTTER, BET. POWELL AND MASON—
')£.\t Furnished room for l or 2 gentlemen or man
and wife, gas, bath; central.
Sixth Street.
Km 1 SIXTH— 2 OR 3 SUNNY BOOMS FOR
>J\JX% housekeeping; $10 or $12.
Seventh Street.
"1 .-.7 SEVENTH— CONNECTING ROOMS FOR
XO I housekeeping: bedroom and kitchen; rea-
sonable.
Seventeenth Street.
A Aft SEVENTEENTH— TWO NICELY FUR-
"*J^ nished rooms for housekeeping: yard; bath.
. South Park.
I(* SOUTH PARK— 2 SUXXY WELL-FUR-
XU pished bay-window housekeeping rooms; $11.
Stockton street.
17*1 "I STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
I XX rooms for housekeeping; $12 a month.
Third Street. —
_MQI THIRD - COMFORTABLE 'SUNNY
•"Os housekeeping rooms and single; moderate.
i wenty-Second Street.
CIX 6 UXFURXISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
QX O . bath ; water free. 626 22d, cor. Capp.
Van J»e»(» Avenue.
O9A VAN XES« AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS
, ,_< r for housekeeping; sunny; corner house.
7] (i van NESS— B COMPLETELY FU R-
-11" n:«h'-i housekeeping rooms, $25: also single.
■1/191 Vjy NESS v NICELY FUR-
XV— 1 1- : .-.•'•'l front suite; 3or more connecting.
1 A(\{\ ' >v NESS ~A YE— 2 "ELEGANTLY
XT 'JU farc!»he3 front and back suites, housekpg.
Washington Street.
r.A9 WASHTNGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
*'*)£• liiiti^ i.Oiis^iv^epihgroonas: running water.
W. ut, street.
11/1 >.'.'.- H. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
X irt ivrtilxtvi bonaekeeplng rooms : yard cheap.
Willow Avenue. •
Cx WUS)W AVK OFF LAP.KIN, BET. EDDY
»/ *wJ fc:i%~'z furciihed rooms complete for house-
ir*try.^- r «12,
(Vif*?*^ ATiV EKJ T IN AMERICA— THB
V «tt.r.AL.r CALL, »*nt to any address in the
f,«u_*>4 *i*w« or C_o__ one year $1 50, post-
— •
COOKS .<> LET.
Hrx.rr.M.-, Street. .
AftCf H&A>tfA S—KUIimSHED ROOM; USE
Ku*h hlrett. ~~
010 *c«».~at u;y.uy~ln:ii^isue.ji SINGLE
'j i 'J *<j4 <*vvi>> *'/4>aiJ y~z; ;-,-.- *..
Vi'j'ti ti":"f.'ti - rX & Ky "j-'c/iNSHHKD ROOMS;
efping.
«i I I 'lii'&'*i* Z^S&TTklFFnY L'RXISHED
<£ ' I ' »!»o aous«-
t.aiii'ni.ia TAik-A,
Gf>7 VAIAyORSTA'* TWO EarOHT ROOMS;
• / t
111 CAun<jy,?<iA~r<Yii 2 KUBSisujii*
■*-_*J' • 'if initirniwA rsjuis.
2STLY
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Clara Street.
1 91 CLARA, IN REAR- 2 FURNISHED
X-.2 rooms: cheap.
JLedy Street.
QA7 EDDY— LARGE FRONT ROOM; 1 OR 2
O\J • gentlemen; bath; gas.
/-Q.) EDDY-FINE SUNNY ALCOVE AND
OO- other rooms; best conveniences: reasonable.
71 ft EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED PARLOR
lIJ for lor 2 trentlpm- n or couple.
Light h street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furuibhed and unfurnished,
. Kllis Street.
49Q ELLIS— I DOUBLE AND TWO SINGLE
tr_O rooms; sunny; reasonable.
'An ELLIS-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
QUO room for two; $8.
r 00 ELLIS— DESIRABLE SUNNY UXFUR-
O_CO nished parlor floor, suitable for doctor or
dentist, or light housekeeping.
-10 ELLIS— 2 BUNNY FURNISHED PAR.
I J-O lors; provided with gas range; light house-
keeping.^
Everett Street.
f»A EVERETT— FURNISHED SUNNY
Utt room; $4 a month. I
Fifth Street.
99 FIPTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
_•_• rooms: front rooms 51 50 a week up.
Q-j A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED j
OX_ room; closet; bath; private: $1 per week.
Fourth Street.
O(\C FOURTH-SIDK ROOM FOR EITHER
>-l/O lady or gentleman: reasonable.
Geary Street.
Xl Q GEARY— XICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
OXO able for doctor's offices; single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; also store.
olden Gate Avenue.
61 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 NICELY FUR-
-2 uished front and back parlors; on sunny side.
91 Q OOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
_.it/ sunny double and single rooms; reasonable.
Green Street.
f*-\ O GREEN — NICELY FURNISHED
010 rooms; single and double: private family.
Henry Street.
CT HENRY, CORNER NOK, BLOCK NORTH
OX of Market— 2 rooms, with grate; $12. ;
Howard Street.
mHOWARD-FURXISHED OR UNFUR-
nisned rooms; single or en suite; also
housekeeping: cheap.
QOr;i HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
0002 single and double sunny rms: reasonable.
I 1 AS) HOWARD— BOARD AND ROOM, $17.
xx •__.
1 I (* O HOWARD — LARGE FRONT ROOM
XXUO for 1 or 2 gentlemen; no other roomers.
m-1 HOWARD— ROOM: SUIT-
* a able for 1 or 2 men; gas; bath: private.
] TO] 0 HOWARD -LARGE, NICELY _ UR-
XO~dX nished sunny room; rent reasonable.
————————————————————————_——_——_—_____ — .
Jones Street.
907 -ONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
-"I manasement: elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc.: $10 to $30.
OAC JONES— 3 LARGE SUNNY PARLORS;
O\JO newly furnished; bath; gas.
CO/ 1 JOKES, NEAR "GEARY— SUXNY PAR-
«J_jU lor suite; prate, bath, gas; reasonable.
Kearny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLKAS-
-£_ ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first claw
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
AOQ LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
■_r_j U rooms, sinele and en suite.
1 900 LARK IN. > > p. _TJB LINE BATHS —
X_iV/V.' Sunny furnished rooms $5 a month.
Market St reef.
7/^- MARKET ST.-FURNISHED SUNNY
I \JO suites, offices, single rooms, $6 to $10 per
month; transient.
777 MARKET — NICELY furnished
* * I suites and single; housekpg; also offices.
OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Sin;lo and suites; per
night. 35c to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
I Mason street. •
"MASON, NEAR MARKET— 2 VERY ELE-
gantly furnished parlors; very cheap.
_M 7 MASOX— (CHAXGED HANDS) SUNNY
i X I front suites, suitable for doctor office.
McAllister Street.
A ftO MCALLISTER — 5 SUNNY ROOMS ;
—I/O bath; large yard; rent reduced.
A 1 9 MCALLISTER, FLAT 1-BACK PARLOR
rtX-j and single rooms suitable for gentlemen.
Minna Street.
1 79 MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED ROOM;
X I _.' 75c and $1 per week.
OK A MINN A— LARGE LIGHT ROOM, $1 PER
00 _ week.
(KiVI MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
\J\) ( furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week-
transient.
Mission Street.
"1 EMISSION - HOUSEKEEPING AND
X \JOO other rooms; newiy furnished: cheap.
EUROPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION—
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
RAN D SOUTHERN — SE. COR. 7TH AN D
VJ Mission.reopened ; thoroughly renovated :sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished single or en suite;
stationary . wasbstands and running water In
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
Moss Street.
nn MOSS-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM AND
O\J small kitchen.
Nineteenth Street.
91 O NINETEENTH, NR. HOWARD— FUR-
_^XU nished parlor, bedroom and kitchen; $16.
Oak Street.
1 Q OAK-2 NICELY~FURNI3HED ROOMS; 1
XO front; reasonable.
O'Farrell Street.
1 99 O'FARRELL — NICELY FURN. ROOM
■*-.<-— for gen tie man ;all conveniences :central; $8.
d.")fc, O'Fa'rrELL - NICELY FURNISHED
_:—i' double room: hot and cold water; $10.
K"| A O'FARRELL - NICELY FURNISHED
OX^t sunny front room; rent reasonable.
Perry Street.
3 UNFURNISHED. ALL LIGHT, FINE SUN-
ny rooms; new hou»e; cheap. Rear 263 Perry.
Pine Street.
£9"! PINE— FRONT ROOM; SUITABLE FOR
vJ-jX 2 gentlemen; $10; running water; qmet
house.
Polk Street.
"I 7 POLK — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS; OR
X t single; $5 up: also housekeeping.
1 1 QQ POLK— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
XXOO room; suitable for a gentleman.
Post Street.
4.9 C POST — A DESIRABLE SINGLE FUR-
_-.U nished room for gentleman.
CAO POST. CORNER MASON-TWO SUNNY
O\JLd front rooms, with gas.
C (\ O POST— ELEGANT FURNISHED ROOMS;
O\JO suites or single: $2 a week and upward.
£Q1 POST-NICE SMALL SUNNY FUR-
\JtJX nished room; gas; running water; bath- $5
month. ,
709 POST. NEAR JONES-LARGE ROOM-
I I '_< suitable for 2; running water: also hall
bedroom.
Ql QB POST — WELL- FURNISHED ROOM
OXO for gentlemen; gas and bath.
i oivfll Street.
91 C PO W LL - SUNNY FURNISHED
£iXO rooms; $8 and $10. ■ ;
Kldley Street. ~~
9£ RIDLEY, NEAR VALENCIA — 2 NICE
—\) sunny rooms for housekeeping, $10; also 1
single, $3 50.
Sansome Street.
A MERICAN EXCHANGE HOTEL, 319 BAN-
_"-. some— Light airy rooms, $1 to $150 a week-
housekeeping rooms $2 a week up.
Sixth Street.
Ofl7A SIXTH— 2 FRONT ROOMS; NEWLY
O\J % furnished: sunny side.
Stevenson Street.
4 A- STEVENSON, NEAR FIFTH— NEATLY
—UO furnished room private family.'
. Stockton Street. .
909 1 STOCKTON, OPP. UNION SQUARE—
—.L'—. 1 * Chanced bands; : newly renovated and
pleasant sunny rooms; single or en suite: day,
week or mouth.
i\f)& STOCKTON — : NICELY FURNISHED
\J\JO rooms; single or en suite; hot and cola water.
Rft'Jl STOCKTON — SUNN Y FURNISHED
\f\f I 2 roo ii in private family; $4.
Mfttor Street.
('.Of) SUTTER — LARGE SUNNY UNFUR-
■"'" nished suite; suitable for doctor's office.
( U IS GUTTER — NEWLY FURNISHED
tj\.n^ double parlor and single rooms.
Taylor Street. '
r \]R TA YLOR-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
OXKJ ay iroat, suitable 2 gentlemen; also single.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET— Contlnned.
Tehaina Street.
107 TEHAMA, COR. THIRD — SUNNY
ID 4 front room: $5 per month.
Third Street.
TTTINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night; SI 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r'm : freo bus.
Turk Street.
9 SUNNY FURNISHED PARLORS; SUITA-
-« ble for 2 gentlemen; cheap: also 1 unfurnished
room. 6241,4 Turk st.
Miscellaneous.
PLEASANT COMFORTABLE ROOM FOR RE-
X spectable gentleman in private family; 10 min-
utes' walk from City Hall; breakfast optional.
Address Room, box 91, Call Office.
BOARDING AX d ROOMS.
Refin^d^^arisiaST^family
XV like to take lor 2 boarders: moderate prices;
French cooking. 1602 Stockton si., cor. Union.
XT' LEGANTLY FURNISHED SUXNY CORNER
Xli room ; with board. 502 Powell St., cor. Slitter.
LEGANTLY FURNISH SUNNY FRONT
suites, with first-class board for 2 or 4 gentle-
men; all modern conveniences: $25. 515 Taylor.
HOME COMFORTS; DOUBLE OR SINGLE,
with board; choice. 1431 Market st.
QQQ GEARY— NICELY FURNISH hD SUNNY
'JO<J suites; table board; suitable for families.
(■{(\O BUSH, COR. STOCKTON— GRENO-
\J\JO Newly and elaborately furnished rms.;
single or en suite : board optional ; terms reasonable.
tf'you WANT a PLEASANT HOME CALL
X at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush St.; the Winder-
mere; references required.
OTEL BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references given and required- all mod-
ern conveniences.
CDILItKE.\ UOARDJKD.
: ?NGI^D3H V lHr^v r wi^H^S^^nLD^E^rTO
XJ board; rooms for parents. 47y a Gilbert st.
T ADY sin >RT"— DISTANCE FROM CITY
XJ would like 1 or 2 children to board: good home •
references given. Address CLARA M. SHELLY',
Redwood City, Cal. .
YOU CAN FIND KEFINED HOME IN AMER-
x lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye.
OOD HOME, FOR CHILDREN: TERMS
T reasonable: best of reference. 1132 Shotwell.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE TWO
-ii children to care for and send to school; rea-
sonable. Address 102 Hannah St.. Oakland.
———---———__ _
STORKS TO LET.
HT^J^EXR^rYT^E^^C^LlF^RlJlAT^i's!
Oi-O 515 Third; bakery: 3 rooms and cellar: $35.
IjMNE CORNER GROCERY AND BAR TO LET;
X cheap rent. Apply to J. F. PLUMBE, 1402
Valencia st., cor. of 25th.
MARK ET-ST. . STORE; LOCATION THE
■l»X best: vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable
Apply to p. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
OFFICES to let. "
l; l kg a ntl y fT^k^n^iTeiTp ar lorsCs uTT-
X_ able for professional man; occupied ten years
by dentist. 850 Market, cor. Stockton, first floor.
91 7 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
-i I for business; key at 21Vi ».
IP LEG ANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL3
J building, 925 Market; rents low; no extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at bnilding or G. K. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont., st.
PIANOS. VIOLINS, .ETC.
•TN OUR BARGATN-R^olipY^>U~wTLL~fND
X several fine squares from $40 up; nn upright at
850: one at $75: an elegant larg ■ beaut fnl one at
$168 86: others at $190, $245, etc.: 100 new
pianos to select, from. THE J. DEWING COM-
-I'A > v, wnrerooms. second floor, Flood building.
T ARGE UPRIGHT OFFERED FOR • l FOR
XJ immediate sale. Room 21, Flood building. .
"\IAGNIFIOEXT CHICkEKKi PIANO; KLK-
i'X gantcase: cash or Installments; owner leav-
Ing city; must be sold. Room 10. Flood building.
V I NE ST N" \V AY ; NICE CONDITION: ANY
X reasonable offer secures it. Room 21, 809 M t.
INE NEW SQUARE PIANO FOR $75; COST
X •<4.io: parties leaving town. 1209 i/ 3 Howard.
SEVERAL BARGAINS IN PIANOS TO-DAY.
TheZeno Meuvais Music Company, 769 Market.
riXEESTKV UPRIGHT PIANO CHEAP FOR
X cash, on account of departure. 823 Larkin s:.
PIANO GIVKX AWAY: ABSOLUTELY NO
X charge. Particulars at BRUEXX'S, 228 Post.
H'aines BROS. pianoTT'XTtis PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT i CO., 824 Post st.
pONOVER "PIANO; AS~Go6b AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33M Post st.
©11A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
«4DXXw. condition. JOSEPH SCIIMITZ <fe CO..
16 McAllister st.
TVTEW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
-*-' bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
piANOS- :
X Hazelton, Hemme and* Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. Y35 Market st.
C"~ IIICKEKING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our n w piano for $187- pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 18 O'Farrell.
p REAT BARGAIN IX PIANOS. HORN 6 NG's
vX Piano House, 216 Post st.
WM. G. BADGKR REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»» rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
t-nd organs sold for cash or installments.
AS~~OUR NE W RE NT COXTRXCT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
corner Kearny and Su'ter sts.
<3Jj ] 7 X CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
WX I O. upright: perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
ECKER BROS., BTEINWA Y.FISCHER AND
yj other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy term* KOHLER <fc
CHASE. -.8 and 30 O"Farrell st.
EASY TERMS ;_LO\V PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby <fe Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
0 H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
QTEINWAY, $215; WEBKR, $265; HOMKRI
C $237; Wily, .*125; squares, $35 aud $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st.
ARRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
x\ grade T. L. Neumann plauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUKDEKS,, '82
Ninth Bt.
OPEN ~ FOR BUSINESS. ~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and salt
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT, •
929 Market St.. Spreckels building.
_______ ' -
HOKSES.
FOR SALE-CHEAP; A GOOD SIZE WORK
horse. 1587y Turk st.
HA N I m FAMILY CARRIAGE AND
fine large, gentle horse, with harness, foe sale
together or separately. 822 Broadway, Oakland.
OFFER WANTED FOR GOOD PEDDLING OR
delivery horse. 1330 Sanchez st,
I?OR SALE CHEAP— 2 YOUNG HORSES AND
X I express-wagon. 107 Twenty-ninth st.
]L">or~sa"le ok exchange— a fine road-
X' stcr; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
504 suiter st. rr
1 F.A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XtJ\j ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses aud
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hr'ls
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
Keon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
I A A HORSE* FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON -J
?" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hows
Market, 327 Sixth st. auction sales every Wenne*-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 flO SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
X\J\J kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy. cart»:
also _0 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia m.
piIEAPEST AND BEST IX AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I nited 'States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
VtA.tH*JH A:>_> CAUit.AtiES. "
TED-TO BU Y^HOR^E^ANiTIIGHT
Jo^i^?^ wagon: cheap. Call or address A.
BON NER, 12 Stocktoi place.
DENTISTS. ~""~~ "
\\^Al?raD^P^^T^R^TDV^RTTsiNls~oK
" nc ; no smoker. DR. HARDCASTLE, 628
Montgomery st.
EkR. GEORG W. leek, THE genuine
' Leek dentist, discoverer of oainless extract on
and patentee of - Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
I iK H. U. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
\J work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRA.NZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS
crown . woric, bridge work and | teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MA R-
\J ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
trniss : fillings frm $1: extracting 60c, with gassL
S7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
ttP I good as can he made; filling $1. DR. SIMMs.
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
1 \H. LIDLi M HiLi.. 1443 MARKET BT~
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per s»t: extracting s»c: gas given. '
/ AOLTON DENTAL. ASSOCIATION. 808 MAH-
'-' ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. j. leek;i2o6~market7cor7golden
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-"
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market fit.
' I _■ 9 ' / r^ s **a>_•*»_fe__F^_SiS»-V■:■■;' ■-. . '.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE!.
f orelgrn Ports.
PLYMOUTH-Arrivea Jan 24— Br ship Sierra
Nevada, hence Sept 12
CiUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 24— Br ship Pen
thesilea, hence Sept 5, and sailed for Tyne.
AUCKLAND-Sailed Jan 25— Brstmr Mono
wal, for San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BA Y-Loaded lan 25-Shlp Ori
ental, for San Francisco, and waiting for a tug.
Movements or Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Campania,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
failed Jan 25— Stmr La Bretaene. for Havre:
stmr Manitoba, for London; stmr Columbia, for
West Indies, on tour; stmr Stuttgart, for Bremen;
stmr Servia, for Liverpool; stmr Veendam, for
Rotterdam.
COPKNUAGEN-Arrived out Jan 25-Stmr
yeneUa,
SOUTH AMPTON-Bailed Jan 25-Stmr Paris,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 25-Stmr La Normandle,
for New York.
BREMERHAVEN-Salled Jaa 25-Stmr H H
Meier, for New York.
BROW HEAD-Passed Jan 26-Stmr Auranla,
from New York for Liverpool.
-
31AKK1AGE LICJfiMSKS.
The following marriage license was Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
J. F. Sullivan mill Emma H. Fay, 21—18.
'DIVORCE. PKOCEEDIJfUS.
Complaint filed:
Annie S. Smith against Benjamin Smith.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marrljuje and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the same published. J
BORN.
ANSBRO— In this city. January 21, 1896, to the
wife of Matt C. Ansbro, a daughter.
BROWER— lnthis city, January 21, 1896, to the
wife of Benjamin Biower, a daughter.
BITJIER— In this city, January 20, 1890, to tne
wife of F. L. Bit her, a son.
CARCASS— In this city, January 21, 1896, to the
wife of C. H. Carcass, a son.
CARSON— in this city, January 20, 1896, to the
wife of John B. Carson, a son.
CASSIDY— In this city, January 18, 1896, to the
wife of Joseph P. Cassidy, a daughter.
DEWAR— In this city, to tne wife of R. H. Dewar,
a daughter.
GARDNER— In this city, January 16, 1896, to the
wife of William H. Gardner, a son.
HAVENS— In this citi-. January 6, 1896, to the
wife of William E. Havens, a daughter.
HALLQUIST— In this city, January 11,1898, to
the wife of E. Q. Hallquist, a son.
VITT— In this city, January 9, 1896, to the
wife of John F. McOevitt, 11 son.
MURPHY— In this city, January 14, 1896, to the
wife of George Murphy, a daughter.
MOODY— In South San Francisco, January 20,
1896, to the wife of George C. Moody, a son.
O'NEILL— In this city, January 22, 1896, to the
wife of E. W. O'Neill, a son..
STONE-In Oakland, January 23, 1896, to the
wife of Edsar p. Stone, a daughter.
TYSON— In this city, January 18, 1893, to the
wife of J. Tyson, a son.
WHITE— In this city, January 16, 1896, to the
wife of John P. White, a son. '■ ■--.
MAKKIEI).
BECKMANN— LEN^NEFELT—Tn this city, Janu-
ary 25, 1896, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Henry
C. Beckmann and Martha Lennefelt.
BE II KM AN— KNOCHE— In this city, January 25.
1896, by the Rev. J. M Buehler, Martin Behr-
man and Cnristlne Knoche.
COLBERT— FINEGAN— By the Rev. Father Mul-
ligan; William T. Colbert and Katie F. Finegan.
CRERER— MURPHY-In Oakland, January 25.
lS9ts. by tho Rev. Father Lane, Walter A. Creber
and Kittle 1". Murphy, both of San Francisco.
JENKINS— SOIir-— ln this city, January 23, 1896.
by the Rev. J. Si. Buehler, James Jenkins and
Geslne Sohl.
SCHMIDT— BJSOWNLEE— this city, January
25. issui, by the Rev. Dr. D:lle, Gottfried
Schmidt and Ray Theresa Brownlee. both of San
Francisco.
T7MLAND— VOGEL— In this city, January 23,
1896, by the Her. .1. H. Schroeder, Claus George
Umlana and Ilattie Vocel.
WEBB— U>CZEWBKI-In this city, January 8.
1£96. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, 8. M. Webb "and
Lizzie Radczewskl.
-KELLY — In this city, at St. Mary's
Cathedral, toy the Rev. Father Henni^an. T. L.
Young Louisiana and Rose Kelly of San Luis
Obispo.
UlKl). ;
j Anderson, Helene Hisgins, Rose M.
Baird, Clarence H. Hooper, Elizabeth
Brown, James Houehton, Frederick
lowers, F.dwnrd J. Mathews, Caps. Charles
Carcass (infant) Moses, Lazarus
Charles, Henry O'Brien. Timothy M.
Collins. Cornelius Potter, Lawrence
. Gallant. David I. Prevost. Edouard
JSibbs, Reuben F. Roche, Maurice
,Goggin, Richard H. Saul, Virginia M.
Spindler, Mary
ANDERSON— In Oakland, January 25. 1896.
Helene Anderson, aged 4 years L' months and 9
days.
43" FrIends and acquaintances are rftsnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a.m.. from the family
residence. 698 Twenty-sixth street. Oakland.
BAIRD-In this city, January 26, 1896. Clarence
Herold, beloved son of J. N. and M. W. Baird,
a native of Ukiah, Cal., aged 1 year 3 months and
3 days.
BROWN— In this city, January 24, 1896, James
Brown, a native of Ohio, aged 63 years.
BOWERS— In this city, January 23. 1896, Edward
Joseph Bowers, a native of England. aged 48
years, [South Carolina papers please copy.)
JStirFriends and acquaintances and members of
Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CARCASS— In this city. January 22, 1896, Infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. C. 11. Carcass.
CHARLES— In San Jose. January 21, 1896. Henry
Charles, father of William H. Charles and Mrs.
George W. Weaver, a native of Wales, aged 77
years.
COLLINS— In this city, January 24, 1896, Corne-
lius, beloved son of John and Mary Collins, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and
10 days.
d~ Friends and acquaintances are regDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sundas*). at 10 o'clock a. m., from the residence
of the parents, 35«% Clementina street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .','.■ ; » : ;r -
GALLANT— In Oakland, January 24, 1896. David
Ignatius, dearly beloved son of Peter and Eliza-
beth Gallant, loving brother of Mary arid Mattie
Gallant, Airs. J. Uahn. Sisters Ai;nesof Mary
and Mary Immaculate of the Holy Names, a na-
tive of Marquette, Mich., aged 23 years and 9
days.
■SMWenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerai TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a, m.. from the residence
of his parents, 124 Louise street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
high mass will, be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Friends from
Han Francisco take Berkeley train and get off at
B station. .
GIBBS- In this city, January 24, 1896, Reuben F.
Gibbs. brother of Mrs. Jennie L. Thorp of Oak-
land and J. H. Gibbs. of Michigan, and Warren
Gibbs of Chicago, a native of Vermont, age<i 60
years.
•W Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. c. Porter & Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment private.
GOGGIN— In this city. January 24, 1896, Richard
Hayes, beloved husband of Jemima Goggln,
a native of Kentucky, aged 67 years.
HIGGINS— In New Orleans, December 25,1895,
Rose Mary, beloved daughter of Annie and the
lato Patrick HUgins, granddaughter of John
Haley, and niece of the late C. C. Haley of San
Francisco.
HOOPER— In this city, January 23, 1896, Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved mother of Rebecca, Sarah.
Jennie and Henry Hooper, and widow of the late
Henry Otis Hooper, a native of Donegal, Ireland,
aged 64 years. .
«3-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Calvary
Presbyterian Church, corner Powell and Geary
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOUGHTON-In this city. Frederick Houghton,
aged 16 years and 7 months.
MATHEWS-In this city, January 25, 1896, Cap-
tain Charles Matliews, brother of Sophie
Mathews, a native of Sweden, aged 04 year».
*ra*Noiice of funeral hereafter.
MOSES-In this city, January 24, 1896, Lazarus
Moses, beloved father of Morris and Paul Moses,
Mrs. L. Abrams. Mrs. S. Heine and Mrs. D.
Barnes, a native of Germany, aged 73 years. „
A3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. L. Abrams, 716
Broadway. Please omit • flowers. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery,' San Mateo, by train.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 22. 1896, Tim0thy
M., beloved husband of Lizzie O'Brien, father of
Thomas O'Brien, and brotherof Mrs. Hannah
Murphy and Michael Donovan, a native, of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 45 years. [Portland papers
please copy.
■03" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral *TH IS DAY =
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock M.. , from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POTTER-In this city, January 25, 1896. Law-
rence, Infant son of Edith and John W. Potter,
a native of California, aged 3 days.
PREVOST-Inthiscity, January 24,1896. Edouard
Prevost. a native of France, aged 65 years. -».
«S*The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the Western Addition Funeral Directors.
■I*2B California street, , between Fillmore and
Stelner. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROCHE-In this city, January 24. 1 1896, Maurice
Roche, a native of Italy, aged 66 years.
SAUL-In this city,* January 25, 1896, Virginia
Marie, beloved daughter of James A. and Gene-
vieve Saul, a native of San Francisco, . aged 1
year and 5 days.
SPINDLER-ln this city. January 24. 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of Fred C. Spindler, mother of Ella
and New by >Dlndler, daughter ■of .Joseph and
i.ll en Wessels, and sister of Joseph Wessels,
a native of Salem, Or., aged 28 years 9 months
an« 12 days, f Ventura papers please copy.l . • ■
43~Friends - and , acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 426 Shotwell street, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, corner Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Bates.
I Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM EES.
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
JAB.~McMi:?fosfEY7™™" I "'" ICHAB.1 CHA8. "McMenomby.
JAMES MoMESOJIEI & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
1067 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. . B. CAKEW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Vaa Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone so. 156.
% CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TV SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAN:
.1 laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual tare; ota*
Uful, permanent and easy of access; aeelt **"•
buying a burial place elaewhere.
City office, 9 City Hall AT«nn«.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Lucy B. Holman to Joseph L. Wilson, lot on NE
corner of Union street and Van Ness avenue, E
107:1114 by N 137:6: $5.
Same to same, lot commencing 107:liy feet on
*< line of Van Ness avenue and 137:6 N of Union
~<!" «-h 8 « 16:107 /8. aw 51:oi/ 8 SW 50:113,.;, E
iv.o±/s'. $5.
Agnes Kenny and Kate Hart to William Moeller,
3*o b" a 70^°«10 r ° f i ' CU * nd Bucnanan streets, W.
William S. Ha'iney to Charles H. Hewitt, lot on
v, ,I or , ner(l ' Brodertck and Sacramento streets,
N 127:81/4 by W 137:6; $10.
Charles H. and Georgiana Hewitt to William R.
Hewitt, lot on W line of Brodencic street. 95:214
2. of Sacramento, W 137:6 by X 32:6; $10.
Clianesand Elizabeth C. Ashton to George V.
Hind, lot on W line of Boyce street, 387 M of
Geary, W 120 hy X 50: $10.
Arthur H. Crane to Nettie M. Levy, lot on S line
?'>t ii? street, 187:6 E of Maple, E 60 by S
±£ i *o A /it ; 510.
Thomas Floyd to Jane Floyd, lot on W line of
100*13 avenue, L'o4 X of Twenty-fourth street, W
100 by Iv 26: pi£t.
James P. and Vl aggie S. Nolan to Theresa Trost,
E 25 b Viu^siO ent nlnth street, 80 E of Noe,
il i' al^ M.' Chapman to J. N. -Williams, re
record of 1259 deed 208. block bounded by
Twentieth, Collingwood, Twenty-first and Dia
mond streets: also block bounded by Twentieth,
Diamond, Twenty-first and Kureka streets: $10.
1 J. N. Williams to Flora J. Forrest, lot en S line
a- I v £ ntietn street, 75 E of Diamond, E 25 by a
»i :h : $10.
Flora J. Forrest to Charles Backus, all interest
in same; $.10. •
Behrend ard Anna Joost to Martin B. Joost, lot
on £. line of Nineteenth street, 83 W of EureKa, W
«rf? y " N ? 45: alSd undivided half of lot on N line
of Twentieth street, 100 E of Castro, E 25 by N 55 ;
Henry F. Bruns to San Francisco Stock Brew
ery, lot on SB corner of Powell and Francisco
streets, S 137:6 by E 163; also lot on NE line of
£ie x h ft reetl 100 SK of Harrison. SE 100, KB
Ibs. N W ,5, SW 80. N W 25, SW 85: also lot on
xvfc liae of llnyward Street, 100 SE of Harrison,
Si> 50 by XE 75; also lot on HE line of Mary
street, 60 SW of Cueslev, 8W 60, SE 60. NE 120
> W 40, SW 60, NW 20; also lot on S corner of
Cnesley and Mary streets, SK 20 by sw 60; also
lot on jS W line of Boyd street, 80 SW of Chesley,
»>v 40 by NW 60, subject to mortgages; $10.
Victor and Amelia Monet to Emma Monet, un
divided half of lot on E line of Taylor s'-reet, 80 X
of Pacific, S3O by E 137:7; $10. "
William anil Margaret E. Pickett to Martha D.
r«ash, lot on s line or Clay street, 91:6 E of Jones
X 23 by 8 60; $10. '
J. W. and Martha D. Nash to William and Mar
giret E. Pickett, lot on 8 line of Clay street, 137 :t>
i. of Jones, E 45:10 by S 60; $10. "
California Savings and Loan Society to Fabrlzio
Nigro, lot on S line of Mariposa street, 20:8 W of
Bryant avenue, W 31:8 by 8. 76: §4200.
Mcolaus and Anna Hesse to Metha Rohe. lot on
SE corner of California s-reet and Twenty-second
avenue, X SO by s 90: $10.
Olive t\ de Bocbetnonc to Maria and Minnie
Burke, lot on SE corner of Clement street aud
1 weuty-fourth avenue, E 100 by s 67:6; $10.
. Catherine Hannan to same, same; $2.
James W. and Annie L. Wright to Uc'.lla F
Cook, lot on s line of v street, 107:6 W of Twenty
fourth avenue, W 50 by » 100; $10.
,'V .V' ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Elizabeth James to Mary Planer (wife of John)
lot on X line of Seventh street, 100 B of (.astro E
50 by N 100, block 72, subject to deed of trust for
51 650, Oakland: $10."
Henry and Sara!) W. Miller to Charles Varui
lot on ...NE line of Summer street, 81:6 NW or
Third avenue, NW 56 by NE 10b:3, being lots 4
and 5, map of subdivision of lot 8, block F, Vernon
Park. Oakland Township; $500.
John and Mary Planer to EMzabeth Jones, lot on
HE corner of Hancock street and Shatturk avenue,
E 125.07. S 57.40. \V 112.48. N 09.80 to beginning
being lots 3 and 4, Drexler Trac, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to John
H. \V . Riley. lot 75 In plat 34, said cemetery. Oak
land Township; $101. J.v^a*
Elizabeth Hardman to Charles 11. Ham, lot on
Bueua T ista avenue where it would intersect cen
ter line of Stanton street extended N la a straieht
line, thence \V 249:6, X 319, SE to a point, S to be
ginning. Alameda; also lot on S line of Kuena
\ ista avenue, 33 E of stanton street extended X
thence E 68:4 by 8 117:6, quitclaim deed. Ala
meda: $10.
Charles H. Ham to Elizabeth Hardman, lot on N
line of Buena Vista avenue, where it would Inter
sect the center line of stantou street* extended N
thence E 228:6, N 480. SVf to a point, 8 to twin
ning, Alameda; also lot on SE corner of Bueua
\ ista avenue and Stauton street extended N
thence E 33 by S 117:6, Alameda, quitclaim deed:
$10.
Victor and Trinidad Fernandez to Mary Cone
(wife of John), lot on \V line of Poplar street, 275
SW of Tenth, S 25 by W 115, blocK 550. Oak
land : $0.
Mary E. Webster to William CosjKn, lot on W
line oi Linden street, 205:6 SW of Twelfth. S 32
by W 160, block 565, Oakland; 95. •
John J. and Eda Johnson to Lillie J. Welch, lot
on W corner of Tenth avenue and East Eighteenth
street, s\v 55 by NW joo. block 95. Clinton, East
Oakland: al«o lot on NW line of Twelfth avenue
343.01 of KastTwi-nty-fiKhth street, SW 4.V
NW 130.02, NK:4S,*SK 127.7 to beelnninff, 1 or
tion of Tenjpleton Tract, East Oakland- gift
Jerome and PhilindaG. Lincoln to Anna C.Merz
lots 14. and 15, block C, Lincoln Park, Oakland
Township; $10.
C. L. and Mary A. Maxwell to Eut-ene Lacazette,
lot on S line of Lynde street, 264.86 B of Fruitvale
avenue, E 50 by is 140, lot 7, Lacazette Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $800.
William M. and Mary E. de Wolff to William
.Meteor?-, lot 12, block F. corrected map Nlcol :
Tract, Brook yn Township: $.75.
John and Ellen Whalen to Daniel Lowell, lot on
SW corner of Mary and Webster streets, S 135 by
W 180, portion of Evergreen Park Homestead
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10. ♦
Henry S. and BelPe C. Fitch to same, lot bepin
nine: at a point 100 W from SW corner of Mary
and Webster streets, thence S on Webster street
20, thence s on Mary street 250, thence* E 20, N
250 to beginning, portion of same, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township; 810.
W. E. and lirminia Darkle to S. W. Powell, lots
36 and 37, Rose Tract. Brooklyn Township; $5.
Builders' Contracts. :J. : :'-,
Mrs. A. M. Parrott with E. Coppieters and V.
Mockel, music-stand, stairs, etc., in Parrott build
ing onSE Hue of Market street, 275 NE of Fifth:
$9950.
Estate of Lorlng Pickering with Ackerson &
Peterson, to erect a three-story building on SK
corner of Valencia street and Stable alley. 510,666.
Mrs. A. M. l'arrott with D. A E. Emanuel, coun
ters, tables, etc., in Parrott building on SE line of
Market street, 275 NE of Fifth: $2676.
Better Than a Soft Answer.
The hotel clerK can always be depended
upon to retain his self-possession* under
the most trying circumstances. It is re
lated that a certain lady in the dramatic
profession, who is always trying to appear
young, albeit she is "more than seven,"
and looks it, was on the road last year
with a traveling comedy company. The
troupe got into town late one Sunday
evening, and on reaching a hocel she was
shown up rive flights of stairs to an apart
ment numbered 20, almost under the tiles.
Enraged, she flew down and shrieked at
the young man behind the counter:
"I am placed in No. 20!''
"Yes," was the answer, "we give every
lady an apartment, it possible, correspond
ing with her ape. Mrs. , the old woman
of your company, is in 62, and Miss
the juvenile actress, is in 44, and that is
why we put you in 20."
The lady smiled serenely, thanked the
attendant most kindly, and, without a
murmur, returned to the garret.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
Antiquity of the Pueblos.
The age of the Pueblos is carefully ex
amined by S. D. Peet in the American
Antiquarian. He says that "the relative
age of the Pueblos and cliff dwellers is a
mere matter of conjecture." It is by no
means certain that the Pueblos are of "any
great antiquity, and they may date back
not more than 600 years. Even many of
the building now standing were erected
after the coming of the Spaniards. The
villages, Mr. Peet thinks, ' nave been re
moved and new structures erected several
times during the last 350 years.
Medical students at Athens are riotous
because women have been admitted to the
university. An Arcadian recently shot a
student from Asia Minor in the chemical
laboratory iv a dispute over the question
AT FIFTEEN SHE
WANTS A DIVORCE.
The Child-Wife of Leonard
Johnson Tires of Her
Bonds.
INFIDELITY IS ALLEGED.
A "Trilby," Young and Fair,
Ruthlessly Breaks Up a Once
Happy Family.
RUN AWAY FROM LOS ANGELES
The Handsome Young Defendant Is
the Son of a Rich Georgia Coal
Merchant.
Mrs. Lulu Johnson, the 15-year-old wife
of J. Leonard Johnson, a scenic advertis
ing agent of a railroad, is tired, in fact, dis
gusted with the matrimonial state and
Mrs. Luln Johnson, the Fifteen- Year-Old Girl Who Wants a Divorce.
[Drawn by a "Call" artist Jrom a photograph.]
will on Tuesday next ask Judge Slack to
sever the bonds which now bind her to a
man for whom she has neither love nor re
spect.
The child wife, now in the cast of the
company at the Alcazar, who in a moment
of infatuation was persuaded to leave the
flower-laden path of single blessedness for
the more tortuous road of married life,
will allege in her complaint infidelity on
the part of her spouse and many other
things not down on the calendar of men
of families who seek only the happiness of
their life partners.
In May of last year Lula Redmond, then
a schoolgirl of little more than 14 sum
mers, was living with her widowed mother
in Los Angeles. She was a modest, retir
ing girl, with a pretty face and a figure
much developed beyond her age.
One day the tempter came along in the
person of J. Leonard Johnson, and before
the mother knew what was actually taking
place the (laughter had promised to be
come his wife. For days she talked to the
girl, and also to the man who had secured
such perfect control over her child, and it
was only when sne saw that something
worse would happen that she finally con
sented to the marriage.
In June last the ceremony was per
formed, and for a while all went as merry
as a marriage bell. One day, however, the
mother noticed that the child-bride was
drooping. A physician ascribed her ill
health to the husband's treatment.
A stormy scene followed between the
husband and the mot er-in-law. in which
the latter came off "first best," though not
until she had suffered, a knockdown,
which promised at the time to end in a
criminal prosecution. The youne wife,
notwithstanding her wrongs, took the part
of the husband, and then followed months
of apparent domestic felicity.
One day in September, however, John
son met a Trilby— "Trilby" Martin is*lier
name — he immediately forgot the
loveliness of his 15-year-old wife, and
sought the more bizarre charms of the
woman of the world. A few weeks after
he fled with her to San Francisco, engag
ing rooms at The Brighton, where he is
still stopping. Two weeks ago he was ar
rested on a criminal charge preferred by
his young wife, but he succeeded in giving
bail and so continues to find happiness in
the charms of his "Trilby."
Mrs. Johnson is an innocent looking
child, with large black, dreamy eyes and a
wealth of raven hair which makes her ap
pear much older than she really is. Some
weeks ago, accompanied by her mother
she came to San Francisco with the view
of running to earth the man who had
treated her so cruelly. The arrest of John
son and the application for divorce has
already been told.
For the time being the young wife is
playing a short engagement at the Alcazar
She is possessed of considerable histrionic
ability, and as soon as her present troubles
are ended will devote her entire time and
energies to a thorough preparation for the
J. Leonard Johnson, the man who has
caused Mrs Redmond and her daughter so
much trouble, is. according to the mother
in-law, a man With a record. She claims
that he has been married twice-once in
bt. .Louis and j the second time in Omaha.
He has a bad record in the last named
place, she says, as letters from the chief of
wHl C 8 c how Clty DOW in her posseßsion
♦ T J lo l , e^ inK 3 husband - if his own story
to be believed, is the son of a rich coal mer
chant of Savannah, Ga., named Taggett,
and shortly after leaving home he took the
name of Johnson and has clung to it ever
since. He is about 27 years old, a smooth
pleasant talker, and would be termed by
the average person a "handsome fellow."
Good Samaritan Mission.
A concert in aid of the Mission of the
Good Samaritan will be given in Young
Men's Christian Association Hall on
Wednesday, the 29th, when the following
programme will be rendered:
«ir a^ "_ Mornl ng's Invitation" (Veazie Jr.), (6)
«.Th ?ni *? Song " ( Nevill '> boys of the choirs
1 M , erry n ° u r" (^picker), E. Brown-
Across the Dee" (Coombs),. Miss Jeannette WQll
cox; andante aad allegro, violin (De Beriot)
Miss Charlotte Grusnhagen; trio, "Oh, Mem
ory" (Lestre), Mrs. Noble. Miss Willey, Mr.
Brown; rhapsodies, twelfth (Liszt), F. M. Bij?
eerstaff; 'Ovum Fraetum" (J. R-. Fryer), '9H
University of California Glee Club; "Field
Flowers," flute solo (Tarshak), H. Clay \\ ysham ;
"Spring's Awakeninc" (Buck), Mrs. Gertrude
Noble; "The Wagon" (Malioy), William T
Andrews. Miss E. Brown, organist Mission
Good Samaritan, conductor.
BEER WILL GO UP.
' The Saloon-Keepers Fail to Organize to
Fight the Klse of the Foaming
Fluid.
The effort on the part of a number of
saloon-keepers to form a combination to
fight the local brewers on account of a re
cent rise in the price of beer has come to
naught. A month or so ago the brewers
of the Protective Association got into a
wrangle over the well-founded statements
that certain of their number were selling
beer below the price agreed upon. The
trouble nearly resulted in a beer war,
which would have been disastrous for th«
trade in general.
This was averted by the brewers coming
to an understanding. In the agreement
the brewers decided to charge $5 per bar
rel, and forbid the drivers spending any
of their employers' money with the saloon
keepers. Previously they were permitted
to spend 50 cents over the bar with each
kec of beer sold. Notice of the agreement
was sent to all the saloon-keepers, many
of whom raised a loud protest, for the
change in the arrangement forbidding
the spending of money over the bar by the
drivers really meant a rise of about 50
cents on the price of each keg of beer.
A large number of saloon-keepers de
cided that this was a hardship and a move
ment was made on their part toward start
ing a brewery, so that they could hay»
beer at the cost of production. With this
in view several have recently been canvass
ing the saloons, but the results have been
anything but encouraging. A large num
ber of saloon-keepers are so tied up by ob
ligations to the brewers that they could
not make a move toward starting a brew
ery even if they wanted to. The others
who are disposed are unable for the lack
of means, and so the matter has practi
cally been dropped.
BURGLAR WITH LANTERN.
He Is Operating in the Vicinity
of Taylor and Geary
Streets.
In Two Cases the Light Awakened
the Occupants and He Did Not
Get Any Booty.
Although the police have done pood
work recently in arresting burglars there
are others still operating, and one in par
ticular is giving them considerable annoy
ance. He is a short swarthy-complexioned
! man, and by his work he is no novice at
I the business.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Abbott, 416
Taylor street, reported at police headquar
ters that a man answering his description
entered her residence on Friday night, but
was scared away before getting any
plunder.
Mrs. Abbott said that she and her
daughter slept together, and some time
during the night she was awakened by a
I glare of light upon her eyes. She saw a
man witn a lantern in his hand and she
promptly screamed for help. The burglar
jumped through the open window, which
is on the second story, and made his es
cape. She was so agitated that she could
not sleep for the balance of the night.
Detectives Egan and Silvev were detailed
on the case, and an examination showed
! that the burglar had first tried to force
I open the basement door in the rear with a
i "jimmy," but had failed. He then procured
a ladder which had been left in the yard
by a plumber and climbed to the window
of Mrs. Abbott's bedroom. The "jimmy"
had been used with success to force open
the window and the burglar stepped into
the room. Before searching for plunder
I he had apparently flashed the lifht into
i the faces of Mrs. Abbott and her daughter,
I to see if they were asleep, and the former
was awakened.
Mrs. Abbott is certain she could identify
the burglar as he had made no effort to
conceal his features and she was able to
have a good look at him when she opened
her eyes. He is about 30 years of age,
j short in statue, and from his complexion
| she thinks he must be a Mexican or Span
iard.
The police are satisfied it was the same
burglar who broke into the residence of
Henry Morton of Morion's Delivery 305
Taylor- street, two weeks ago last night
I and stole a lady's hunting-case gold watch
and several articles of jewelry. Detectives
have been diligently searching for tho
Durglar since then, but failed to locate
him.
Another burglary believed to have been
committed by the same man occurred at
the residence of Dr. Hirschfelder 433
Geary street, about a week ago. A rear
window was forced open with a "jimmy"
and the doctor's private office was visited
He did not touch the surgical instruments
but took two or three other articles of
trifling value. He then walked upstairs
and, opposite the bedroom of the landl
ady the door of which was open he
struck a match to light his lantern. The
landlady was awakened by the light m the
hallway, and jumping out of bed, j,he
shouted, "Who is there?" The burglar
coolly walked downstairs, opened the
front door and walked away.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
INSTALLATION OF MASONS
Inspector Eeckwith of the
Twenty • Fifth District
Visits Haywards.
MANY NATIVE SON OFFICERS.
Delegates From All Over the County-
Witness the Public
Ceremony.
Oakland Office San Francisco Gall.)
906 Broadway, Jan. 23. \
Past Master John Beckwith and a team
from this city went to Haywards to install
tne new officers of Eucalyptus Lodge, No.
and A. M. Delegates from all the
lodges in the county wer." invited and- tbe
occasion was one of much fraternal en
joyment. Secretary of i^tate Brown, who
is a Pas^t Master of Eucalyptus Lodge,
Bent word that he was unable to be pres
ent. The installation was a public one
find was held in Masonic lodge room of
Native Sons 1 Hall.
William E. Rowlands is the newly
eJected worshipful master. He is a native
son and was born in the mines in Yuba i
County 32 years ago. After graduating
from the University of California as civil !
eer he was assistant engineer in the
Turlock irrigation canal. He has been
mostly engaged teaching in the public
schools. He is at present principal of the
Mount EdeD School and has held that po
sition for the past four years. He is also a
prominent Native Son, being a member of
California Parlor No. 1, located at San
Francisco.
Thomas B. Rr.ssel. the past master of
Eucaiy}>tU3 .Lodge, was born in Hawyards
and educated in the public schools of* that
and graduated from the University
of California in the college of civil engi
neering. He is at present following this
profession :n his native town. His Tatner
was j.rominent in political circles, being at
one time a candidate for Governor on the
Prohibition ticket. The town of Russels
was named after him. Mr. Russel is also
a prominent Native Son, beir.g a past presi
dent of EJen Parlor.
J. C. Crooks is the newly elected senior
warden. He is a lawyer by profession,
having been fecently admitted to practice
by the State Supreme Court. Is at pres- '
ent assistant casi ier of the Haywards j
bank. H< ;- also a Native Son.
E. H. < lawiter is the newly installed
junior warden. He was born in Alvarado
and i^ now a resident of Mount Eden. He j
is a member of Eden Parlor, N. S. G. \\\,
and has held prominent offices in his lodge.
He is at present clerk of the board of trus
tee? of the public school and bas held the
position for the pact eight years. He takes
a keen interest in school matters fnd other
public affairs of this town, and is a popu
lar and painstaking member. Mr. Clawiter
is a successful farmer.
H. E. Brunner, the newly elected sec- j
retary, is the proprietor of a hardware \
store in Havwarc:;-, is an influential audj
popular citizen of the town and has tilled j
many prominent political offices.
A. Schafer is the newly elected senior
deacon. He was born in Mount Eden
■ as educated in the public schools of
that place. He is now a successful farmer
and is also a member of Eden Parlor, JS". S.
G. W.
Professor John Gamble, the newly
elected junior deacon, is the principal of
the Union High School at Hay wards.
Charles Prowse, the newly elected treas
urer, is engaged in the real estate business
and is one of Haywards' prominent men.
The officers were installed by John A.
Becfcwith of Oakland, inspector of the
twenty-fifth district, accompanied by a
team from Oakland. Mr. Beckwith is a
prominent Musou and was chosen in
spector on account of his proficiency in
Masonic work. There were present otners
from Oakland and also from San Fran
cisco.
After the installation a banquet was
eriven at the Haywards Hotel, at which
over 100 sat down.
Y. M. C. A. BIRTHDAY.
The Oakland Association Will Cele
brate Its Seventeenth Anniver
sary To-Morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 25. j
The seventeenth anniversary of the Oak
land Young Men's Christian Association
will be observed in the following churches
to-morrow:
ING.
First Baptist Church, Foi.iteenth and Bush
fi'.reere, Bey. C. H. Kobart, presiding— Annual
report, L. G. Burpee; address Robert S. Boyns
B&a Francisco Association.
• Methodist Church, Fourteenth and Clay
. Ktv. Alfred Kummer, D. D., pastor,
:ng— Annual report, W. <;. Bernard: ad
, general eecretary Ban Fran
cisco Association.
■ H. 1.. 'hurch, Fifteenth and Clay
etreets, Rev. H. McKnight, pastor, presiding—
Annual report, K. A. Jackson; address, Grove
ir. fckiuE, general secretary Hacremento Ae
sociation.
-u-r-slreti U. E. < Inarch. Ninth and Ches
ter bireeu. Rev. G. W. Beatty, pastor, presid
ing—Annual report. E. 8. Finch; address. J. P.
fcmltb. reneral becretary Stockton Association.
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church, Tenth avenue
and East Fourteenth street, Rev. C. M. Hill,
pastor, presiding— Annual report, Charles
Glunz; address, M. M. Meyers, Portland, Or.
English Lutheran Chiirch, Sixteenth and
Grove streets, Rev. J. E. Bushnell, D.D., pastor,
§ residing — Annual report, A. T. Brock; ad
ress, B. Edward Collins, president Oakland
Association.
Central Christian Church, Thirteenth and
Jefferson streets, Rev. Edwards Davis, pastor,
presiding— Annual report, V. F. Barbour; ad
dress, Key. Dr. Chapman, pastor.
EVENING.
Eighth-avenue M. E. Church, Eighth avenue
and East Seventeenth street— Rev. S. J.Carroll,
D.D. , pastor, presiding. Annual report, F. A.
Jackson; address, H. J. McCoy, general secre
tary Sun Francisco Association.
United Presbyterian Church, Eighteenth and
Castro streets— Rev. J. M. French, pastor. An
nual report, W. C. Barnard; address, J. P.
Smith, general secretary Stockton association.
Fourth Congregational Church, Thirty-fourth
and Adeline streets— Rev. O. W. Lucas, pastor,
presiding. Annual report, C. F. Balcer; ad
dress, Noel H. Jacks, general secretary Oak
land Association.
Plymouth-avenue Congregational Church,
Plymouth end Telegraph avenues— Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., pastor, presiding. Annual re
port, M. W, E. Gibsrm; address. Grove F.
Ekins, general secretary Sacramento Associa
tion.
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, Twelfth ave
nue and East Fifteenth street, Rev. 8. S. Pal
mer pastor, presiding. Annual report, W, B.
Fry; address. D. Edward Collins, president
Oakland Association.
Pilgrim Congregational Churcn, Eighth ave
nue, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets,
Key. M. Wiliard, D.1)., pastor, presiding. An-
V. . K. ROWLANDS.
nual report. F. F. Barbour; address, R.S. Boyns
1 of the San Francisco Association.
Firs! Christian Church, ;Market aud Thir
teenth <:rrets, .Rev. James Small, pastor, pre
siding. Ai.nnal report, M. >:. Meyers, Port
land. Or.: address, Rev. James fc'mall, pastor.
Lieutenant-Commander A. V. VVadhams will
ET>eakat3:3o p. m., to men only, at the Asso
ciation building on "The Man Behind the
Gun."
There will be no offerings taken at any
of the churches.
THE ALAMEDA PREACHERS
Subjects Which They Have Se
lected to Discourse Upon
To-Day.
Some of Alameda's Milkmen Who Put
Water in Their Milk Are
Squirming.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 25.— Rev. F. S.
Brush of the First Presbyterian Church
will take for his Sunday text this evening,
"The Cultivation of Noble Thoughts a3
the Basis of Noble Churches." Rev. John
Kirby will preach at the Park-street Metho
dist Church in the morning. In the
evening Rev. Dr. Bovard, the pastor, will
preach on "Christian Basis of Belief."
Rev. W. W. Scudcier's morning subject at
the First Congregational Church will be,
"How Lone Halt Ye." The evening sub
ject will be, "The Life of Joy." At the
Chestnut-street Methodist Church the Ep
worth League will meet in the evening
and Mr. J. S. Vanderweeker will lead it.
Rev. Fred Houck will preach. At the
baptist Church Rev. E. R. Bennett of
Pomona will preach both morning and
evening. The morning subject will be,
"Surprises on the Other Side." At the
Unitarian Church Rev. G. R. Dodson will
preach on "Our Country's Enemies and
Friends." Rev. Henry Victor Morgan
will preach in Masonic Hall to the con
gregation of the First Christian Church
and in the afternoon will get married.
Alameda's Big Potteries.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 25.— Clark's pot
teries at the West End are among the
largest on the coast. The output has of
late been sewer-pipe, and was for a time
building terra cotta and to an extent fire
brick. Now the production of firebrick
and terra cotta is to be increased, and to
that end extensive additions, alterations
and changes have been made. The build
ings already have an area of 300x140 feet,
and have eieht huge patent kilns. A. V.
Clark, son of the fonnder of the firm and
a Municipal Trustee of the city of Ala
rneda, is the superintendent in cnarge.
Milkmen Worried.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 25.— There is
consternation in the ranks of the milkmen
consequent upon the raid of the inspector,
the investigation of a committee of the
Health Board and the publication of some
names given by the inspector as of those
who had in their cans for delivery diluted
milk when he swooped down upon them.
There is such competition in the business
In Alameda, and the public is so fastidious
in such matters, that it is about as much
as their business is worth to have such
publicity given. This is the first time such
facts were made public, though it is not
the first time that irregularities were
found or that dealers had warning of the
inspector's vigilance.
Marriage Announced.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 25.— Invitations
have been issued for the wedding of Miss
Marie Foard, daughter of Lorentz Foard,
the San Francisco ship-chandler, and
Charles Edward Bain of Astoria, which is
to take place at Emmanuel Lutheran
Church on Thursday evening, February 6.
• — #■ —
Speedy Work.
Quick work has been accomplished in dis
posing of the case of Thomas Cocbran, Albert
Masters anjl Charles Drysdale, charged with
burglary. On Thursday morning they broke
into the residence of W. A. Shade, 1251 Mis
sioa street. Detective Gibson and Policeman
Clark arrested them on Friday night and yes
terday they were taken before Judge Conlan
and held to answer before the Superior Court
in 62000 bonds each.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 86, 1896.
CRUSHED BY HIS YACHT.
Captain Moody of the Bonita Is
Fatally Injured at Long
Wharf.
DOINGS OF A POLICEMAN.
An Official Investigation Reveals a
Strong Desire to Borrow Money
and Drink Whisky-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 25. )
W. C. Moody, son of the well-known
banker, received injuries at Long wharf
early this morning that will probably
prove fatal. The injured man was crushed
between the mast of his yacut and the
pier, though how it happened pobody can
tell, as the little colored boy who sails on
the yacht with Moody did not come up on
deck until the accident had occurred. W.
C. Moody was the owner of the yacht,
which is named the Bonita, and was one of
the most expert sailors on the bay. For
six yeara he has practically made the
Bonita his home, and the life suited his
tastes admirably.
The yacht had been lying off the Marin
County shore, near San Quentin, and early
this morning Mr. Moody and the colored
boy, who made up the crew, put off for
Oakland harbor. The wind died away, but
the storm of last night left a heavy sea and
so the anchor was dropped. Then the
crew went below.
About 8 o'clock Moody went on deck
and saw that the yacht had dragged her
anchor and was bumping against Long
wharf. A few minutes later, when the
boy went on deck he saw Moody clinging
to the mast in a dazed condition. He was
bleeding about tbe head and could not
hear or speak. The boy called some sail
ors to his assistance, and Moody was taken
off the yacht and to the Receiving Hos
pital. Here he wrote his name and ad
dress on a piece of paper, and a few min
utes later his aged father was with him.
The injured man had no boots on when
he was found and had a blanket wrapped
around him. It is supposed that he went
on deck to attempt to stop the bumping
and that his head was caught between the
swaying mast and the timbers of the
wharf.
This evening Moody was semi-conscious,
but could not hear "anything and could
not speak of his accident. The physicians
fear that the severe fracture at the ba9e of
the skull will prove fatal, as it is accom
panied with hemorrhages.
DR. AKCHIHALD'S FCNERAL.
Knights Templar Pay the Laitt Honor
to the Deceased.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 25.— A few simple
rites of prayer were held over the remains
! of the iate F. A. Archibald at his residence,
j 966 Eighteenth street, at 2 o'clock. Ser
' vices were held on account of the body
being tak«n East by a brother of deceased,
!J. C. Archibald of Troy, N. Y. The re
i mains were taken to Fredonia, N. V., where
they will be placed in the family vault. The
i casket stood in the front parlor in a bank
>of floral tributes. Across the casket lay
,' the sword and helmet of the Knights
| Templar, of which he was a member — Oak
Comniandery.
Dr. Alfred Kummer, Dr. E. S. Chapman
and Dr. John Fearn of Oakland, and Dr.
E. K. Dille of San Francisco, all friends of
Dr. Archibald, performed the last ritea.
Oakland Commandery attended in a body,
but did not take charge of the services on
account of the length of the service. Tele
grams and messages of sympathy have
been pouring in from all parts of the
TTnited States, showing the wide friend
ship that Dr. Archibald enjoyed. The
family will probably go to New York to re
side within a few months.
WAYS OF A POLITICIAN.
Another Official Investigation Before
the Commissioners.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— The inquiry
into the conduct of Office* Lamping was
commenced this morning before the Com
missioners. Lamping had a decided pen
chant for borrowing, but was very careless
about paying back. In several instances
Lamping told his creditors that he needed
the money to help out his friend. Louis
Schaffer, the ex-Chief of Police. Nearly
every storekeeper on his beat is a creditor
of Lamping. The officer also had a great
liking for wnisky, and several bills for this
article were handed in to-day. When he
cart,e on the force he owed $200, now he
thinks $500 will square his debts.
The inquiry was interesting, as nearly
all the witnesses who were opposed to
Lamping were favorable to McCloud, who
was tried two weeks ago, and those who
are understood to be friendly to Louis
Kchaffer, ex-Chief of Police, are testifying
against Lamping. There is a lot of evi
dence against the officer, and the case was
continued to next Wedesday.
Kred Adams' Suit.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— The suit of
Fred Stuart Adams against the young
woman whom he married secretly at Mar
tinez was commenced this morning.
Adams asks, through his guardian, for the
annulment of his marriage on the ground
that he was under legal age at the time.
The defense asked to dismiss the suit as
the plaintiff was over 18. the age of con
sent, and is not entitled to sue by his
guardian. The matter was argued at
length by Attorney Haynemann, who con
tended that there is no law, and has not
been for 100 years, by which a married
person in sound mind is entitled to have a
guardian appointed. The argument occu
pied nearly all the forenoon. The de
fendant's counsel also argued on a motion
to strike out certain portions of the com
plaint, and also on a demurrer. Mrs.
Adams was not present, as she is in the
East, but her husband was in court with
his elder brother. At the close of the ar
guments the case was continued for three
weeks.
At the Macdunough.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— Schilling's
Minstrels will come to tho Macdonough
on Monday night for two nights. They
have all their original scenery and ten
acts. The first part is a Shakesperian se
lection with elaborate costuraes.
The Frawiey Company will give a testi
monial benefit to Manager Charles E. Cook
on February 10, when they will present
•'Men and Women."
Menzeiimeyer Is Indicted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— The Grand
Jury returned an indictment this after
noon against C. Menzenmeyer, who shot
George Perkins at Lorin, Christmas eve.
Menzenmeyer is now in British Columbia,
and extradition papers are being drawn
up. Perkins 1 brother denies the report
that the victim is willing to compromise
for a money consideration.
Good Templars.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— District
Lodge No. 5, Independent Order of Good
Templars, comprising delegates from Ban
Francisco, Alauieda, Contra Costa and
Solano counties, was in session today at
Hamilton Hall. Grand Chief Templar
Webb delivered a public address on tem
perance to-night to a moderate-sized audi
ence.
Will Go East.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 25.— The Reli
ance football team has decided that next
year it will go East and meet Yale, Har
yard, Princeton and Pennsylvania. Presi
dent Fitzgerald and Director Morrow of
the ciub have obtained guarantees against
any possible financial loss.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alaiueda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, i
90S Broadway, Jan. 25. \
Dr. Derrick will address the A. P. A. meeting
at the Masonic Hall to-morrow afternoon at 3
o'clock.
Horsethieves lopted the Hewston ranch in
the hills back of Mills Seminary last night and
two valuable horses were stolen.
Henry C. Hawkes, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 60, died at the County Hospital yester
day, lie was a cabinetmaker by trade'and a
resident of Oakland.
The mission of Archdeacon Webber closes in
the Church of the Advent, East Oakland, to
morrow. The Archdeacon preaches in the
morning and at 7 :30 p. m.
Chief Deputy Sheriff William B. White ha 3
about completed a course of study on the law
and will soon be ready to go before the Su
preme Court on examination for admission to
the bar.
Mrs. Erhnfort, the keeper of a bakery on
Broadway, south of Fifth street, hab reported
to ihe police that a sneakthief entered her
store yesterday afternoon and tapped the till
of about $7 50.
Little Mabel Rollins, 3 years of age, whose
mother is dead and whoso father is sick at the
county Infirmary, has been taken in charge oy
the Humane society and will be sent to some
children's home.
The streets and sewers withstood the storm
with little or no damage. The catch basins
and gutters have been opened since the last
siorin and no reports of damage have reached
the Superintendent of Streets to-day.
The Painters' and Decorators' Lodge No. 2
will hold an open meeting in Becker's Hall
Monday evening. A pleasant programme has
been arranged and all painters and their
friends are cordially invited to attend.
A marriage contract was recorded yesterday
between J. L. Enos and Laura Garcia of San
Leandro. The agreement is duly acknowledged,
and stipulated that the belongings of both
parties shall be considered community prop
erty.
The Sunset Telephone Company's cable be
tween Oak. and and s^an Francisco was fouled
early this morning by i lie anchor of Charles
Fair's new yacht. Lucerne, which dragged
during the heavy blow. All but one of the
cable wires were temporarily disabled.
L. G. Baker has applied for letters on the es
tate of owen Kiley Johnson that he may prose
cute a claim against the United States Govern
ment for property destroyed by Piute Indians
in Jciaho In 1866, the value of which is alleged
io be "vague and uncertain ana cannot be
definitely determined."
The Fruitvale District have finished their
new school building and now want to at
tend to the children who live in Fruitvale.
They have sent a letter to the Bourd of Educa
tion requesting them not to accept any chil
dren who live in the district without permis
sion from E. E. Hunt, the clerk.
FARISH MET ROBBERS
He Was Prepared to Battle
With Them With His
Cane.
The Two Youths Had Fitted Them
selves Out With the Latest
Cracksman's Outfit.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Call,?
( JOB Broadway, Jan. 25. f
James R. Farish, who resides at 269
Twelfth street, is congratulating himself
to-day that he is alive. He went to the
prison, and saw the young men who were
arrested early this morning, and when he
saw the amount of loaded guns that wore
taken from them he wa.s certain that bilt
for the warning of a confederate one of
those bullets would have been in his anat
omy.
"1 was going home early yesterday morn
ing," sa>d Mr. Farish to-day, "and when
at the corner of Twelfth street I saw two
suspicious-looking characters whom I am
convinced were the men under arrest.
They stopped when they saw me, and were
preparing to come toward me when I raised
my cane prepared to strike. I determined
that I would not take any chances. I
have been an old soldier, and have fought
many battles, and I did not intend to let
a couple of footpads harm me. . Had I
known that they were such walking arsen
als 1 might have thought differently. Just
when I was expecting that I should have
use for my cane, there was a low whistle
around the corner and immediately the two
footpads fled in different directions. Then
a policeman came in sight and gave chase
but it was too late."
Both of the would-be burglars were
questioned to-day by the detectives, and
young Turner admitted that they had
gone out to try their apparatus upon a
safe, but had not located it when Officer
Ely espied them and took them into cus
tody. Clarence Turner and William Foun
tain tre the true names of the young men
and they both belong to respectaole fami
lies in San Francisco. They say they
came down from Tacorna a few weeks ago
and had their safe-crackine outfit made at
the Murasky carriage works, on Mission
street, San Jrancisco. The apparatus they
had for wrenching off safe combinations
is one of the latesi additions to the cracks
man's Kit.
It was wrapped in a billhead, on which
a plan of it had been drawn. It had never
been used, and it is evident that the men
had just started out on their safe-cracking
career. No drills were found on them,
and if they are associated with the recent
attempts at safe-robbery, the third man,
who escaped, must have carried them.
The two men under arrest can only be
tried for carrying burglar tools and con-
J. R. Farish.
cealed weapons, the extreme penalty for
each offense being only six months.
Officer Ely is receiving much praise for
his capture. As each of the men carried
two loaded revolvers it is thought they
must be young at the business, or they
would never have permitted themselves to
be so easily caught.
The outfit on exhibition at Chief Lloyd's
office bears a strong resemblance to a page
of illustrations in the Police Gazette
Poor'a Railroad Afnnual.
This year's Issue of Poor's Directory of Rail
way Officials and Manual of American Steel
Railroads is of greater value than ever before
to investors, bankers, railroad people and
those interested in supplying the needs of rail
roads. In addition to the regular and well
known features of this publication the present
edition treats of city and suburban railroads
railroad dividends, meetings and transfer of-'
fices, It gives a valuable abstract of railroad
statistics, monthly railway earnings, foreign
railroads, railway offices, locomotive and car
repairing shops geographically arranged, rail
road mileage, equipment, etc.
Miss O'Coanell's Lectures.
The third and last of the series of lecture re
citals by Miss Lilian O'Connell, at the home of
Mrs. Jewett, was given to a large audience yes
terday afternoon.
The subject of yesterday's lecture was
"Maids and Matrons of the Revolution," and
it consisted of chatty descriptions of the belies
of 1775, varied by recitations of patriotic
poems and by National airs. Miss O'Connell
was in the costume of colonial times, and was
as charming in her appearance as her rendi
tions. She will repeat the course of lectures
on "Social Life in "ioung America," which in
cludes "Puritan Pictures" and "Through
Colonial Doorvyays," besides yesterday's topic,
at Maple Hall, in the Palace Hotel, soon. The
young lady Is a graduate of the Empire
Dramatic School of New York.
WILL NOT PROSECUTE
Battery Charges Against Stu
dents Are Likely to Be
Dropped.
A. Berg Is Found Guilty— A New Art
Club Organized— Curfew Law
Wanted.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 2n.— The four
charges of battery against university stu
dents brought by Harry Rodgers will prob-
ably never be tried. The cases are set for
next Friday and will be called on that day,
but it is likely that uo one will appear to
prosecute.
Rodgers appears to have discovered that
his warrants charging battery were a sort
of boomerang. He still claims that his
story of the affair is true ; that he was as
saulted without provocation, and that his
alleged assailants were intoxicated, but
since receiving so much objectionable no
toriety has somewhat abandoned his in
tentions to make a vigorous light.
The students who were charged with bat
tery by Rodgers are ready to fight the case,
and if it comes up in court some sensa
tional testimony may be expected.
Berg Convicted.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— A. Berg of
the California Hotel, was to-day tried on a
charge of storing liquor without a license.
The charge was one resulting from the
raids made last October by Marshal Lloyd
upon the many East Berkeley places where
limior was sold on the quiet.
Berg demanded a jury trial, and a good
deal of difficulty was experienced in se
curing jurors. After nearly four hours'
work Doth sides agreed to submit the case
with seven jurors. The verdict was guilty,
and Justice James named next Saturday
as the day for sentence.
Another similar charge is pending
against Berg, a warrant against him having
been sworn to by A. Christensen of West
Berkeley." The accused denies that he has
had any intoxicants in his establishment
since the time of the raidj and says that
Christensen's charge was brought through
spite aroused by Berg's vigorous efforts
to collect a hotel bill from him.
New Art Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— A new art
club has been organized in Berkeley, to be
known as the California Art Club. The
new club was suggested some time ago by
Professor H. T. Ardley of the art depart
ment of decoration and industrial arts at
the Stale University. The officers of the
club are: Professor H. T. Ardley, presi
dent; Kimball Easton, treasurer; Miss
Mary E. Brehm, secretary. The object of
this new organization is the study of
esthetics. Meetings will be held on the
first Wednesday of each month, the next
one being on the evening of February 5 at
the residence of Professor W. C. Ritter,
2222 Durant avenue.
W. C. T. U. Entertainment.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— The Wo
men's Christian Temperance Union of
Berkeley is preparing to hold an enter
tainment for the benehtof the Temperance
Temple at Chicago, wnich was built by the
National Women's Christian Temperance
Union. The entertainment will be a
"temple tea " to be held -to-morrow at the
residence of^.lrp. Engle, 2218 Chapel street.
A programme of music and speeches will
be rendered, among tne speakers who
are expected to be present being Mrs.
Churchill of Yreka.
A Curfew Wanted.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— An agita
tion is in progress in Berkeley for a curfew
ordinance to keep youngsters off the
streets after 9 o'clock. At present there is
always a number of small boys to be seen
on the streets until far into the night en
joying themselves in various dubious ways,
and the Trustees will be asked to pass a
law compelling all boys under a certain
age to keep at home after a certain hour
except such as have proper excuses for be
ing out.
Glee Club Tonr.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— The Uni
versity Glee Club will probably make an
other brief northern tour in the near
future. It is proposed to visit Ukiah on
Washington's birthday and sing at one or
two way towns if satisfactory arrange
ments can be made.
New Weekly.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— The Home
Friend, a new weekly literary paper pub
lished by Walker & Hill, made its appear
ance to-day.
California Honse Attached.
Kramer & Peterson, lessees of the California
House at 624 California street, which, in days
lornr gone by, wsb a famous bohemian resort,
were attached yesterday for $1300, which the
owners of the building claim is due for four
months' rent.
In France it is a common practice to
celebrate Christmas by giving an extra
ration to all domestic animals, on the
theory that all creatures should rejoice at
tnis season.
RARE TREASURES OF ART
Mark Hopkins Institute Enriched
by Gifts From E. R f
Searles.
"THE CAPTIVE," BY CONSTANT.
Photographs From Flemish Tapestries
of the Fifteenth Century-Album
of Etchings.
A famous painting, "The Captive," by
the celebrated artist, Benjamin Constant,
four framed photographs of Flemish silk
tapestries of the fifteenth century and aa
album of Great Barrington etchings com
prise the latest gifts of E. F. Searles to the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, San Fran
cisco. The art treasures were received by
express last Thursday and are visible at
the institute. Accompanying the gener
ous gift is the following letter from the
donor to the president of the Art Associa
tion;
Metkuen, Mass.. January 10, 1896.
James D. Ptidaa, San Francisco Art Associa
tion, Han Francisco— Dkak Sir: I send to-day
by express to the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art an album of etchings of Keljogg Terrace
my Great Barrington house; also four framed
photographs of Flemish silk tapes-tries of the
fifteenth century, formerly belonging to the
Mazarin family and never out of their or
"THE CAPTIVE," BY BENJAMIN CONSTANT.
their descendants' possession or in the market
until purchased by me.
They figured among many other magnificent
works of art on the "Field of the Cloth of
Gold" in 1520, and during two wars in France
were hidden away or buried in order to pre
serve them.
Trusting you will find the album and photo
graphs worthy oi your acceptance, I am yours
very truly, E. F. Seakles.
P. S.— Later I will send you Professor Hebber
man's translation of the old Latin inscriptions
in the tapestries.
The painting by Benjmin Constant is a
canvas 60x34 inches. It is an Oriental
scene, a landscape with three figures, en
titled "The Captive." it represents a
beautiful girl from the mountains of Per
sia, and the story told by the picture is
that she has just been captured for the
harem of the Sultan. She reclines on a
lion's skin, guarded by two youny women
of the harem, who seem by their expres
sion to be absorbed in deep study of the
captive's beauty. The fair captive is robed
in the Sultan's royal purpie velvet, fringed
with embroidered lace. She gapes from
the open folds of a gorgeous tent upon a
scene of sylvan beauty. Through the
ample foliage may be seen in the distance
a lake, tranquil ana deep blue on its sur
face. The captive lying prone, but not
wearing visible bonds of captivity, seems
to be studying the scene. Her lace resting on
one hand is turned partly aside to view her
keepers. Her countenance expresses
haughty and lofty disdain. She evidently
comprehends her destiny, but reflects
meanwhile that she is a youns; woman of
some importance in the estimation of the
Sultan and his subjects.
Benjamin Constant, the painter, is an
eminent teacher in Paris. Among his
pupils from San Francisco may be men
tioned Joullin and Mat hews. He has
said that the Californians who were study
ing art in Pans were singularly well fitted
by primary instruction to follow the art
of painting.
The album of etchings represents the
work of M. B. Krieger. The collection was
exhibited at the salon. The following
views of the Great Barrington houae are
presented :
Entrance porch, north view, southeast
view, southwest view, the piazza, hall,
atrium, organ hall, dining-room, drawing
room, upper hall, sitting-room, bedroom,
plan and stables.
The dimensions of the original Flemish
draperies, represented by the photographs
were 16x12 feet. The titles are :
First — Scipio Africanus — The Battle
With Hannibal. Second— Scipio Afri
canus — The Conference With Syphax.
Third— Scipio Africanus— The Camp of
Syphax. Myriads of figures, representing
vast distances, are produced in this scene.
Fourth — Scipio Africauus — The Cartba
genian Envoy.
CHURCH WORK.
Bishop Goodsell Will Address an Audi
ence Upon the Y. M. C. A.
Anniversary.
H. C. French, M. D., will address the
Congregational Monday Club to-morrow.
The forty-third anniversary of the found
ing of the Young Men's Christian Associ
ation of this City will be held at the build
ing on Mason and Ellia streets this after
noon.
Bishop Goodsell's itinerary for the re
mainder of his stay in California is as fol
lows:
January 26, anniversary address, Y. M.
C. A., San. Francisco; February 2, dedica
tion at Dimond ; February 9, reopening at
Ontario; February 10, Ban Bernardino;
February 16, dedication at Santa Monica;
February 23, Seattle probably; March 1,
dedication of Danish and Norwegian
Charch, San Francisco; March 8, dedica
tion apVacaville probably; March 10, leave
for his conferences in Missouri.
Rev. J. E. Henderson, will address the
Methodist preachers to-morrow on "The
Preacher and Public Affairs."
"Church members may be divided into
three classes," says an exchange. "They
are the shirkers who evade every obliga
tion, the jerkers who go- by tits and starts
ana the workers who need no descrip
tion."
Rev. James Small commenced the duties
of his pastorate of the First Christian
Church of Oakland last week.
Protracted meetings will be held at the
Irvington Christian Church, with Rev.
Frank S. Ford in charge.
Rev. S. M. Martin is about to open a
Beries of revival meetings under the
auspices of the Christian Church at Han
ford. Rev. G. D. King of the same denom
ination is holdins: protracted services at
Selma, and Rev. R. L. McHatton at Hol
lister.
Rev. Edward P. Dempsey of St. Mary's
Cathedral is lying ill at St. Mary's Hos
pital.
Rev. M'illiam D. McKinnon of Rio Vista
will lecture on -'Catholic Loyalty" at the
Metropolitan Temple February 2L
The new St. Rose's Church will be ready
for occupancy within threft months. Rev.
D. Nugent and his assistants ars residing
in the new parochial residence.
The initial lecture of the midwinter
series of addresses to the San Francisco
Educational Union will be given by Rev.
J. J. Prendergast at Metropolitan Temple
to-morrow evening.
St. Peter's Conference of the St. Vincent
de Paul Society has submitted the follow
ing report of its labors for the year ending
December '61, 1895: Receipts— Offerings of
members at weekly meetings, $123 10; col
lections at church and poor box, $317 90;
balance in treasury, December 31. 1894,
$28 15. Expenditures — Groceries, $191;
rents, $32; wood and coal. $28 50; mea»,
$19 25; cash, $184 50; subscription to the
Supreme Council of New York, $5; sun
dries, $3; total expenses, $463 25; balance
in treasury, $5 90. The conference had a
monthly average of eight families on its
relief book during the year, there being
from two to seven persons in each family.
St. Peter's Conference is officered by Rich
ard Curtis, president; D. Douglas", secre
tary; Patrick Anglin, treasurer.
Following is the annual report of St.
Joseph's Conference, St. Vincent de Paul
Society, for the year 1895: Number of
families helped, 227; persons in earn*,
893; number of visits made, 828; situa
tions procured, 65: total receipts from Jan
uary 1 to December 31, 1895, $951 05; total
expenditures from January 1 to December
31, 1895, $950 70; balance on hand Jauuarv
1, 1896, $35.
The St. Elizabeth Sewing Society of St.
Mary's Cathedral has submitted the follow
ing quarterly and annual reports: During
the quarter beginning October 2, 1895. and
ending January S, 1896, 467 garments have
been given to the poor. The distributions
made throushout the year, from January
9, 1895, to January 3, 1896. amount to 1918.
Amount in treasury October 2, 1895, $90 96;
dues received, $48; donations received, $30;
expenditures, $101 56; amount in treasury
January 14, 1896, $67 41. Annual report
for year ending January 14. 1896— Amount
in treasury January 9", 1895, $39 85; dues
received $197 25; donations received,
$45; proceeds of lecture September 19,
1895, $115 96; expenditures, $330 65; on
hand January 14, 1896, $67 41.
Opening of the Bryant-Street Line.
Noon yesterday witnessed the opening of the
Bryant and Brannan streets electric street
railway for regular traffic. Starting at the
ferry the cars will run along East, Folsom,
Second, Bryant and along Twenty-sixth to
Mission. Returning, their route will be along
Twenty-sixth, Bryant, Tenth, Brannan, Sec
ond, Folsom and East to the terry.
This line will receive and issue transfers aa
follows:
Cars bound north and easterly will receive
transfers from northerly bound Mission-street
cars at the corner of Mission and Twenty-sixth
streets and from northerly bound San "Bruuo
road cars at the corner of Bryant and Twenty
fourth streets, passengers walking from the
corner of Potrero avenue aud Twenty-fourth
street; aud north bound cars will issue trans
fers to northerly bound Sixth-street cars at the
corner of Sixth and Brannan streets.
Cars bound south and westerly will receive
transfers from southerly bound Sixth-street
cars at the corner of Sixth and Bryant streets,
and they will issue transfers to southerly
bound San Bruno road cars at the corner of
Bryant and Twenty-fourth streets, passengers
walking to the corner of Potrero avenue and
Twenty-fourth street, and to southerly bound
Mission-street cars at the corner of Mission and
Twenty-sixth streets.
Threatened to Shoot. BS9
Michael Hayes, an ex-policeman, was ar
rested on a warrant yesterday on the charge of
threats to kilL The complaining witness » hia
wife, Mary, who lives at 13 Larkin street. On
Friday Hayes went home drunk and ordered
her and her two children out of the bouse,
threatening to shoot them unless his orders
were obeyed.
MB\r-TO-PAT.' iX
The hand of every smoker
should be raised against all ci-
gars whose , flavor and aroma
are produced by drugs. That
wrm"M Ipova Vwnfl Country '(Sealers, not
WOUIU leave DUt yet supplied can se-
flnp rio-nr in flip cure Man tells on up-
llliO lagd,l in Lllc proval, subject to re-
oeld— -the ' turnat the Factory's.
UolU.t~7ullV expense.
"Robert" i> ls^o : .
IWANrFI 1 -" thbwebtheimkr
1314
YOUNG LADIES
DECLARE WAR.
Leap- Year Rights and Privi
leges Cause Trouble
in Alameda.
GIRLS MEAN BUSINESS.
"Kissing Must Come With En-.
gagement Rings" Is the
Proclamation.
i
MEN ORGANIZE FOB DEFENSE.
They Attempt to Compel the Enemy
to Arbitrate by Swearing
Not to Marry.
There are troubles in the Transvaal,
Armenian life is bard, some rapid Spanish
is being spoken in Venezuela and Cuba,
and warclouds are everywhere except over
China and Japan, but the most serious
disturbance yet reported has just broken
out across the bay in the fair little city of
Alameda.
The girls of the Encinal City have issued
a proclamation in the secret circles of their
society that they will not allow young men
to kiss them before they are engaged.
This ultimatum, hurled at the enemy in
the very beginning of a leap year, has
caused consternation in the ranks of the
young men. The latter want to arbitrate,
but the girls refuse to yield a single oscu
latory point and intend to stand tirmly for
the ancLent matrimony doctrine.
They propose— ana the girls have the
right of proposing in leap year — to put an
end to the trifling with their affections,
and the young man who wants to indulge
in Alameda kissing will first have to es
tablish treaty relations with "papa."
It was early last week that the decision
was agreed upon at a meeting of young
women and the next day about every girl
in the city had heard and indorsed.
The young men heard of it, too, for they
were brought face to face with the situa
tion. Then a lot of them held a conference
to decide what measures should be adopted
in defense. Arbitration was discussed,
but the news was received that there could
be neither arbitration nor appeal. Then
the men determined to adopt a policy as
strict and severe as tbat of the young
women to compel resort to arbitration,
and a bachelors' union was organized.
The members of the club have pledged
themselves not to form any "entangling
alliances" this year; neither to marry nor
become engaged.
Tnat is the condition of affairs at pres
ent, and while it exists there will be no
weddings and the kissing will be limited
Btrictly to the gentler sex. "With the
Deauty and the bravery for which Alameda
is noted, however, there will undoubtedly
be sharp battles and long sieges, but the
girls insist that they will cling to their
principles even if they don't have any
young men to cling to.
The charter members in the anti-matri
mony organization are prominent at Ala
meda and the girls admit that all of
them would make good husbands. They
are: T. C. Stoddard, the postmaster; Dr.
C. G. Zeyn, City Marshal Rogers, Al C.
TVhyte, A. P. Smiley, J. A. Munro, A. P.
Stefvater, Lawyer W. M. Simpson, City
Recorder A. F. St. Sure, P. A. Kearney,
Louis Schoneau, A. G. Burns, Charles
Nelson, Marcus H. Wiggin, Charles Flet
ter, George Odell, John Lucich, George J.
Foster, Dexter Gilbert, Robert Mitchell,
Homer Farris, James Wilson, Hans Hum
mel, George Manley, John Lubben, Albert
Schumacher, Robert Brower, George Mc-
Ttae. Fred Schuman, Charles Frost,
Thomas Hanson, A. Koerber, Frank Fa
bens, Walter Osborn, Will Hebard, Charles
Hebard, Thomas Ernst, Henry Miller, Ed
ward Cleveland, Louis Fischer, William
McKean and J. A. Powell.
The girls are not troubled by the array
of the organized bachelors, however, and
they say that the young men have merely
taken this opportunity of issuing a Jeap
year manifesto to show that they are un
married.
One rule of the bachelors is that any
member attending more than two leap
year parties during the year will be nned
$10. Another is that a member seen in the
company of any one young lady more
than three consecutive times must pay $5
to the club treasury. Sunday evening
calling is entirely prohibited by the con
stitution.
"We have learned all about the organ
ization," said one of the Alameda young
ladies last night, "and every member of it
will be blacklisted. We are going to have
rules, too, and one will be to invite no
member of that club to a leap-year party.
There are plenty of nice young men out-
Bide of Alameda, you know. The rule
about Bunday-evening calling we will ex
tend to the entire week, and the men will
see that we have the best of the battle."
GOVERNMENT AID ASKED
Masons Wish to Communicate
With Their Imprisoned
Brethren.
Impression That Some Reports of the
Transvaal Affair May Have
Been Exaggerated.
Much concern continues to be mani
fested in the City and State regarding the
condition of the Americans imprisoned in
the Boer capital. Yesterday's dispatches
would lead one to imagine that Hammond,
Cecil Rhodes' principal agent, had been
specially singled out for a species of
scapegoat.
An influential Mason of the City, speak
ing on the subject, stated that he had been
credibly informed that the Masonic
fraternity in California intended doing
something in order to relieve their breth
ren among the prisoners, four of whom are
said to be Cahfornians. He aaaed:
"The preliminary steps will be taken to
night. State Grand Master Preston, head
of the Masonic order in California, wiH
telegraph President Cleveland, petitioning
him to use his influence to the end that a
dispatch from the Masons here may reach
their incarcerated comrades in the Trans
vaai and receive an immediate reply.
Until this reply comes the order will prob
ably take no decided stand in the matter."
About midnight Major R. P. Hammond,
the imprisoned mining engineer's brother,
,stated that Grand Master Preston had sent
the following dispatch to the authorities
at Washington:
Nevada City, January 25, 1890.
Hon. Richard Olney, Secretary of State, Wash
ington, D. ('.: John Hays Hammond and other
Masons are imprisoned in t>outh Africa. Be
lieve all messages to and from there are inter
cepted by the Boer Government. Will you
secure assurance tbat my cable to them will be
delivered to them? We desire to communicate
with them as American citizens and Masons.
Your answer by wire prepaid,
E. M. Preston.
Grand Master of Masons 01 California.
"We wish our Government to take this
matter in hand. The thing should be
made an international matter. What's
the use of treating with a faraway Consul
whom nobody has seen for rive days? The
Government should take a hand without
bothering with petty diplomatic courte
sies. I have asked Mr. Preston to keep
me informed on the matter at my expense.
I hope something will soon be done to
show other nations that Americans may
safely rely upon the protection of their
Government."
In view of the later reports from the
Transvaal, the committee which was
making arrangements for a mass-meeting
at the Chamber of Commerce yesterday
decided to postpone the meeting in-
The Town of Petropavlofsk, Capital of Kamschatka, in Summertime. It Has 360 Inhabitants.
[Drawn from a photograph brought by Mr. Grunwaldt.]
definitely. Walter Turnbull of the Gold I
Mining Exchange, who is the committee's
president, when asked the reason for the
postponement replied:
"It looks as though the case of the im
prisoned Americans had been somewhat
exaggerated. The latest dispatches fail
altogether to confirm the harrowing de
tails with which the earlier messages
teemed. Until we are positive that there
is some reason for believing our fellow
citizens unjustly and tyrannically de
prived of their liberty, the committee sees
no reason for calling a mass meeting and
{retting people worked up over something
which may not be worth the trouble."
KEPT THE PREMIUMS.
J. A. Unforth, Insurance Broker, Ar
rested for Embezzlement.
J. A. Linforth, an insurance broKer, was
arrested on Friday night on a warrant
charging him with misdemeanor embez
zlement. His case came up before Judge
Conlan yesterday morning and was con
tinued till Thursday.
The complaining witness is L. Ramon,
but others who have complained to the
police against him are: Mra. J. A. Ray
mond, 264 Turk street; A. E. Bartholdi,
1113 Valencia street;. A. J. Mrs. Purnell,
..18 Twenty-first street; Heffelman & Me -
Mr. Grunwaldt on His Hunting Trip in Kamschatka. The Second Man in the Sleigh is Mr. Grunwaldt.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
Nulty, Mission and Sixteenth streets, and
O. A. Adams, 208 Turk street.
Linforth has been in the habit of secur
ing insurance policies, and instead of pay
ing the premiums collected to the com
panies which he represented he has been
appropriating the money to his own uses
and purposes. He signed the receipts in
his own name as representing the com
panies.
As the insurance companies have never
received the premiums all the policies have
been canceled, and the people who paid
the premiums to Linforth are the sufferers.
Coming Woman's Congress.
The board of managers of the Woman's Con
gress Association held its usual weekly meet
ing yesterday. Mrs. Lovell White anl Mrs.
George W. Haight were added to the board. It
was reported that President Jordan, Rabbi
Voorsanger, Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. Mary A.
Swift Mrs. Harah B. Cooper and others had sig
nified their acceptance of a place on the pro
gramme. The question of the time of the con
gress was reconsidered, with the result that it
will open on May 11, a week later than was
originally intended. An effort is being made
to secure one of the theatres as its Bccae,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, ISSC.
AFTER GAME BY SLEIGH
Thrilling Hunting Experience of
C. M. Grunwaldt in
Kamschatka.
GRAPPLED WITH BIG HORN.
He Employs Thousands of Skilled Na
tive Trappers— Queer Life on
Saghalien Island.
Constantine Grunwaldt, agent of the
Russian Fur Company holding conces
sions in Kamchatka, the island of Sag
halien and parts of East Siberia, has
arrived here, after many months' absence
in the hunting and trapping grounds.
JMr. Grunwaldt is from Moscow, Russia.
| This company employs many hundreds of
1 men. They traverse vast wastes, moving
I in winter in sledges drawn by dogs in
i order to bring in their furs.
They take the white bear, sable, red and
I blue foxes, mink, beaver and other ani-
m als, which may be found in profusion in \
| these remote and interesting regions.
While Mr. Giunwaldt was in Kam- [
| schatka he went out with some of his !
: skilled trappers in the dog caravan, and
j obtained a practical experience in taking i
: wild animals, which was largely of a novel '
| character.
Sometimes the hunting is done on horse- j
I back.
"A hunting trip in Kamschatka fur
nishes the most enjoyable of any kind of
sport," said Mr. Grunwaldt last night at
| the Occidental. "This is, provided he is
strong enough to be satisfied with a bad
| horse, baa food and a hard bed; but who j
I thinks about luxuries when he is fortunate j
! enough to kill a bear and shoot a big horn !
; Fishing is done by the natives in a very
i primitive manner.Herrinir.kinesalnionand
j many different kinds of common salmon i
; are there in great quantities, and are the
j usual food for man, dogs and bears.
"The dog is not allowed more than one
1 fish a day, and never before working. The
fish is eaten salted and dried. Some of the
medical authorities believe that leprosy is
the result of the unusually large consump
tion of rish.
"The country is rich in furs as well as
fish. For instance there are about 4000
sable taken every year, 4000 bearskins, and
thousands on thousands of skins of red
foxes, squirrels, deerand elk, besides many
big-horn sheep.
"These, with the skins of other animals,
are all taken by aboriginal hunters and
are turned over to us. My own hunting
trip over the snow was exceeding inter
esting, though at times it was very cold.
I went clad in heavy furs and slept out on
the snow.
"Kamschatka's climate is not a warm
one and earthquakes are not scarce. Tha
average number of earthquakes in a year
in Petropaylofsk, the capital, which has
360 people, is about 4.6. The maximum of
the thermometer is about 82 degrees above
zero and the* minimum about 50 degrees
below. The barometer maximum is 30.89,
the minimum 28.20.
"It is wonderful to see how quickly the
grass and other wild products grow in this
part of the world. In two weeks after the
last day when it was snowing everything
will have changed to green and a few
weeks later rosebushes will be in bloom
and woodbine-berries and raspberries will
be ripe; but soon, at the end of July at
most, swallows depart, and sometimes on
the first days of September the last sea
breeze of the season is enjoyed. About
the first of October snow has fallen again,
the trees stand leafless and in November
the inner harbors are covered with ice.
"At this time in Petropavlofsk the per
manent winter road is established for
carrying passengers and goods on small
sleighs called 'narta,' to which eleven,
thirteen and sometimes fifteen dogs are
harnessed. It is more exciting to make a
trip in those little sleighs than to trip the
troliey or to shoot the chutes, but for
heaven's sake don't try to drive in bloom
ers. The usual dress for such an expedi
tion is high boots (inside and outside fur)
and a coat, with cap of the same material.
This coat, called 'kuklanka,' is not fit for
a Saturday promenade on Kearny or Mar
ket streets, but it is warm and handsome
for Kamschatska's long winter.
"It is supposed that Kamschatka is rich
in gold and next year it will be prospected
for this purpose by the Russian Govern
ment.
"Saghalien was not long ago a Japanese
island. Now it is a Russian criminal sta
tion. Criminals are sent from Russia to
this island by a steamer of the Russian
volunteer fleet. After their arrival on the
island tney are put in irons and sent to
work in the cool mines or on the roads.
After a certain time the irons are taken off
and the criminal is aiJowed more freedom
if he behaves himself. Even here the
watchword is, 'Be good, my boy.' I saw
thousands of tnese criminals.
"The southern part of Saehalienis suited
to agricultural purposes that had no suc
cess in Kamschatka. Both of these coun
tries would make a greater success in
cattle-breeding than in anything else.
"The Saghalien sables amount to about
5000 a year; they range lower in quality
and in price than" those of Kamschatka,
because they are killed too early in the
season. Efforts are being made to stop
this disastrous kind of hunting.
"Fish manure, seaweed and the cele
brated Saghalien grasses are other articles
of export. Since last year the lumber busi
ness has increased very much.
"A trip to either Saghalien or Kam
schatka is delightful for a man who would
like to live a couple of months without
society and forego the happiness of leap
year."
Mr. Grunwaldt is on his way back to St.
Petersburg, where most of the men form
ing the Russian Fur Compajiy reside.
Tie Football Game.
The Comus Athletic Club of the Mission and
a combination eleven composed of former stu-
dents of the Crocker School and their friendg
met on the Central, Park gridiron yesterday
afternoon and divided the honors of the game,
the mud and . water of the field and the gate
receipts equally, after two , twenty-minute
halves. Evans of Trinity School distinguished
; himself for effective line plunges, while Koster
made himself equally noticeable by dropping
every pass for a punt. •'"" .*■'" '• ■'•', ~- - k - j
Following are the details and ■ the players as
they opposed each other: .. . : „
Touchdowns, in first half .'only— Comuses 1,
by Lamont; Crocker 1, by Evans. . No goals.
Score, 4to 4. ■ " ■■■ ■ • " ''
Officials— Umpire, "Kid" Hilborn, U. C;
referee, Castleman, ; Peerless Club; linesman,
Davidson, Y. M. C. A, Attendance; 240. j *■- >
Crocker. 11 .' Position. ■ • Comus.
f*heehan... ...L. end'R .;.Choynskl
Morse L. tackle R.i. ...... Wilson
Land«roff ............. h. guard X .;.......•-.: Jones
O'Conuell .Center .v."..-".'..".. ...... Lowe
1burg. .........:...:... R. guard L..V "..:. Fisher
( Crackbon ...R. tackle L ........ ..::..Rice
Kuhl .......:. R. en L. .......... Th0mp50n
F. Scott.... ;... .Quarter... ........;. '.:.Laaiont
Kvans ■...:.!,. half R. Capt. Varney
j Hugs .;-.;:....-..-;•; R. half L.............Ti11man
Foster ..........Full ......;... ....Heller
The combined ages of sixteen persons at
a - birthday party ;at % the home ;of t John
Goldsberry in ; Frankfort, Ind., the other
day, footed up 1424.
AFTER THE FRANCHISE.
The Ashbury Heights and Carl-
Street People Are Thor
oughly Hot.
M&. VINING'S METHOD DISLIKED
Citizens Are Tired of Tracks Through
Their District Upon Which Cars
Do Not Run.
The suit filed by D. E. Westover of the
Ashbury Heights and Staiiyan-street Im
provement Club against the Market-street
Railway for forfeiture of the franchise on
the streets south of Golden Gate Park is
in the natural order of things. The rail
road company is occupying those streets
in that locality with its tracts and
no cars are ever run up Masonic
avenue to Frederick street, thence
to First avenue, though tracks were laid
long ago and the franchise calls for a regu
lar service. On the Carl-street branch
cars are run every thirty minutes from 6
to 10 in the forenoon and from 5 to 11 :30
in the evening.
At the junction of Clayton and Page
streets, which is a transfer station, there is
no station, not even a shelter from th-e
rain. The railroad erected a small shanty
on the sidewalk open to the south and the
winter storms.
The Carl-street tracks are so little used
that they get covered up with sand, conse
quently the car is often off the track at
night. Passengers who arc weary of wait
ing with their transfers for the appear
ance of that solitary car, and who wish to
continue on by another street line, are put
off by the conductors, although itisalione
system — the Market-street Railway.
The Ashuury people stood this for years,
and finding that petitions and visits to the
railroad officials were useless went to law,
and the rirt;t railroad franchise forfeited
was due to their efforts.
"This is only the first case," said At
torney George A. Rankin, yesterday, "for
there will be many more. I can" assure
you that there is hardly an existing street
railway franchise in the City that will hold
together in a court of law. The companies
have changed and twisted their plans
around from the original specifications till
there is little similarity between the de
signs in the franchise and those in the
lines as constructed. They have made
their changes without taking the slightest
trouble to consult with the City authori
ties. They have changed from cable to
electric, double to single track at their own
sweet will.
"One would fancy their bondholders
would object to such recklessness. Wher
ever a change has been made without law
ful authority the franchise has been im
periled, and there will be a heap of trouble
for them some day.
"In one of our interviews with Colonel
Crocker he told us that they had a suit
upon their hands relating to the validity
of their bonds, and just as soon as that
litigation was ended* the .Market-street
Railway Company would see that we got a
first-class service. But the suit was ended
and so were all chances o£ that first-class
service, for the railroad people afterwards
told us that they had concluded not to do
anything.
"Just as soon as this street-car octopus —
right here let me say that the other part
of the Southern Pacific never approached
the degree of tyranny possessed by the
octopus which San Francisco is permitting
to take possession of her streets — just as
soon as this street-car cuttle-fish gets its
iron tentacles into the few thoroughfares
that are left, away will go the transfers.
Then we will all pay many fares where we
now pay one. Don't you fondly imagine
Huntington and his man Viuing are going
to let you get out of one car into another
without that other nickel.
"The fare should be less than 5 cents for
a ride across this city, but it will never be
less than a nickel. They are now com
plaining that they lose piles of money by
the few transfers the newsboys pick up.
How many of these little tickets do you
suppose these little fellows dispose of? At
Market and Powell streets about 100 per
day get into the boys' hands. Even that
is too large an average, and fifty would be
nearer the truth. Now, about fifty of
those who get them from the boys would
not ride otherwise, but under the induce
ment of a newspaper they accept the trans
fer and ride.
"So the railway company, at a big es
timate, loses fifty nickels — $2 50— about
what it pays a first-class spotter.
"We of Ashbury Heights and south of
the park have stood Yining and his
methods long enough. He has tried to
cut that little strip of territory between
the park and the mountain to the south
from the rest of the City. He has all of
the car franchises running into that nar
row territory and he will give the people
no service.
"But this is the commencement of sev
eral years of litigation which the Market
street railway will have on its hands."
TWO BIG CELEBRATIONS.
Preparing to Observe Emmet's
Birthday and St. Pat
rick's Day.
Anniversaries Dear to the Irish Heart
Will Be Celebrated With Fit
ting Ceremonies.
There will be two big celebrations by
citizens of Irish birth and tradition in
March. One will be on March 4, Emmet's
birthday, and the other on March 17, St.
Patrick's day.
The Emmet affair will be under the
auspices of the Knights of the Red Branch
and the Irish National Alliance. Metro
politan Hall will be the scene of the cure
monies, and Colonel John Finerty of Chi
cago, journalist, oratoT and soldier, will be
the star attraction. The colonel is now
on his way to California, delivering lec
tures on the old but ever new subject of
Irish independence, in the larger towns
and cities.
The tour is made under the auspices of
the Irish National Alliance of America.
The K. R. B. members in this City are
very active just now in making arrange
ments for the reception of Colonel Fin
erty and the celebration of the anniversary
of Emmet's birthday.
The celebration of St. Patrick's day will
be conducted on an elaborate scale by
the Irish-born citizens of San Francisco.
Already committees are at work making
the necessary arrangements. There was
no public observance of the day last year.
Therefore an extra effort will be made to
have a celebration that will eclipse all pre
vious affairs of the kind this year.
The general committee has' called a
meeting for Sunday afternoon next, at
K. R. B. Hall, corner of O'Farrell and Ma
son streets. Representatives from all the
Irish societies in the City, both National
and religious, have been invited to attend.
The manner of the public demonstration
will be decided upon'nt the meeting.
— ♦ — ♦ — ♦
The Egyptians have none but wooden
bells, except one brought by the Franks
into the monastery of St. Anthony.
_-_ • . - •', .. NEW TO-DAY. ■■<^_^. '^. :.-^
SPECIAL SALE
OF
200 PIECES
NOVELTYBOUCLE
DRESS FABRICS!
This week we will offer 5 cases (200
pieces) NOVELTY BOUCLE DRESS GOODS,
in all the new colorings, at the following
LOW PRICES:
85 pieces CHOICE NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS (new col-
orings) - - - ----- $3.50 Dress Pattern
50 pieces NOVELTY BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS (40 inches
P ide) ------- - $5.25 Dress Pattern
40 pieces FANCY BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS (52 inches
wide) ------- - $ 7 .50 Dress Pattern
25 pieces FANCY CHECKED BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS
(48 inches wide) - - - - $10.50 Dress Pattern
We have also opened 3 cases NEW FRENCH PLAIDS in
an elegant assortment of colorings - - - - -
- - - - Price 60c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.75 per yard
!<£3l
75 Pieces ENGLISH MOHAIR JACQUARDS, full 52 inches
in width, in black and navys only,
Price 75c per Yard,
Worth $1.25.
— __^_______
1892 Jr wS m p*~
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
■
MB) A n Ign r * yjr+ ■
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
ever sddfeno cents
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
/I^^^^SfS^^^^^^^A We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
■ VS^^^^ffi^^^S^M* Set A ~ 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
f fi^Xr^^Srf^S^^V Iv. B— lo I,ovely Carnations, io sorts ..50c 1
gfxL\ H icS>*sl^J^>^*lL C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c -
S^fe*X^3^f^i^^%k l>-3 Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
: '" VmKffiB^r&iS^S*&§Mk ' 5 O.randlarsc-flowercdaeranium3, 5 ki:ids..soc
fSQC. TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sort:-:, strong plants, 50c
B— lo I,ovely Carnations, to sorts 50c A- v
C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c nn J
D— s Superb double Petunia*. 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 , tinds..soc
G— lo Elegant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c -» .«_
>JJ«Tf l!ffirM*WwO « A'l!J K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, JJ> I '25
\^>-^-" 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, OR
%[sNsin' 1 Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- Z Sets
w/![w|K gea, 1 Chrysanthemum 50c • 3 »-ia
>|V«**" 'iftii;,.!.! ni»«t« m.. 3 plants New Calif. Violet. Fo *
' J^^^B^ 12 Violet Plants, 50c. 3^^ih^ $2,09
fe^^S Send for our S^«Sf^^«e«» v^
WBfWtlwsfiSßEgilJ ■ ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
V^mbß*^^ Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England
• **«fi(JEP. ™ . , ; Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower ana Vege^
!l S . c . edS ' _ COX SEED AN PLANT CO., San Francisco <»
'"'^'^L'-SiGi'lr-:.,' • — Gk _^&i_.4H,413 S^nsome Street
mThe Amateur Photographers
of San Francisco.
WE cannot all be painters, neither
can we all be poets. We may
neither be able to paint ideal pic
tures with words, nor by the aid of
brush and palette make the canvas
breathe a poem of nature; but it is
nevertheless within the realm of possi-
The launch of the Oregon, by H. B. Hosmer.
bility for all of us to obtain most faithful i
and often truly poetic pictures of nature
through the instrumentality of the
camera.
The natural beauties which abound in
California are being more fully and more
deservedly appreciated as time gives fur- !
ther opportunities foi their contempla- i
tion.
People no longer hie away to the moun- j
tarns or go down to the shore of the sea to ;
spend their summer vacations, with only ;
a supply of light clothing in addition to j
ri?hing-rods, blankets and cooking i
ntensila. No cainpinc-otit party is com
plete nowadays without its camera, and it
will not uiiirequentJy be found that nearly
every member of a camping party ta duly
armed with a kodak. The. advantage is
Old Sam, by U. B. Hosmer.
that one may bring the mountain oaks or j
pines or redwoods, the fretful brooks and |
their flowery banks — even the roJlickine
waves of the dark, blue sea, as well as "the i
oldest inhabitant" — back home with him
in his pocket, and thus possess about the
most attractive mementos of the summer
trip.
The California Camera Club of this City
has exercised no small influence in bring
ing about such a consummation. For
years its members have been carrying
their cameras into scenic localities both
near and remote, and tbo club has grown
in importance almost in proportion to the j
growth of the camera fad.
It is a fact admitted by all Eastern vis- 1
Scene Sear Crystal Springs, by H. B. Uosmer.
itors who are qualified to judge that the
clubrooms of this San Francisco amateur
organization are the very finest of the kind
in America; and furthermore, it is main
tained by artists who have attended the
amateur photographers' clubs of London
and Faria that even in those Old World
capitals such clubrooms are not so elegant
and so well equipped and the apparatus is
not so complete as is that of the California
Camera Club.
The Camera Club is composed of 162
active members and 39 associate members,
the latter embracing practical photog
raphers who live outside the limit of
rifty miles from this City. Some of the
associate members reside in the East and
in Europe. The lady relatives of the
active members are also admitted to the
privileges of associate members. The as
sociates are entitled to the use of the club's
apparatus, library, darkroom, etc., and
differ only from active members in not
having a vote at the club's meetings.
Active members pay an entrance fee of
$10, and their dues are $3 per quarter. As
sociates pay no initiation fee. and are
assessed $1 iSO per quarter. Furthermore
there are 211 subscribing members. A
lecture and stereopticon exhibition is
p*ven once a week at the Metropolitan
Temple. It should be noted in this con
nection that the idea of free illustrated
\ lectures at regular intervals which has
been adopted in many cities originated
with the California Camera Club. On Fri
day evening last the seventy-third con
secutive monthly entertainment of this
club took place. Now the subscribing
members pay ?1 50 per quarter and receive
•2rc;i four tickets of admission to the il
lustrated lecture, but that is the extent of
their privileges.
At the club's weekly meetings discus
sions of methods are engaged in, and there
are frequent stereopticon exhibitions. Be
tween the amateur photographers' associa
tions of this country a close relationship
is maintained. An interchange of slides
is one of the features of this friendly
union, and by this means there is afforded
an endless variety of stereopticon views.
The most recent exchange was with the
Portland (Me.) club, and thus the attrac
tive scenes of the Pine Tree Rate fur
nished an evening of pleasure and amuse
ment for the San Francisco amateurs,
while the Portland club was doubtless
finding not unprofitable pastime in a
stereopticon entertainment that pictured
to them some of the scenes for which the
Golden State is famous. To these weekly
lectures the club members invite their
friends.
The present officers of the California
Camera Club are: President, A. G. Mc-
Farland; lirst vice-president, I. E. Thayer;
second vice-president, W. B. Webster;
secretary, C. P. Cormack; treasurer, E. (;.
Eisen; librarian, H. C. Owens: correspond
ing secretary, C. S. Close; directors— E. J.
Mott, E. W. Jensen, E. G. Zeile and AY. E.
Goodrum.
If the weather is propitious the club will
visit Truckee on Sunday next, each mem
ber taking his camera along. Views of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
the ice palace wiil be taken ; Dormer LaKe
will be visited, and on the return trip the
Sierras will be crossed in the daytime, to
give the club a chance to snatch some
snow scenes in the mountains. Following
this excursion will be one to Castle Crags
and Mount Shasta.
Among the delightful rural scenes which
the Camera Club regales itself with in the
course of its outings throughout the year
there are spots that only prove the pov
erty of a pencil description, and from
which even the eye of the camera can take
only half an impression. Within a lew
hours' ride of this City are places of which
the gentle Druid, Tnomson, might have
dreamed in his poetic soul; for this beau
tiful passage from the "Castle of Indo
lence" might be applied hereabouts in
scores of instances:
Was naught around but images of rest;
Sleep-soothing groves and quiet lawns between,
And flowery beds that slumberous influence kest,
From popples breathed; and beds of pleasant
green,
Where never yet was creeping creature seen.
Meantime unnumbered glittering streamlets
played,
And hurled everywhere their waters sheen:
That, as they bickered through the sunny glade,
Thouch restless still themselves, a lulling mur
mur made.
The California Camera Club follows art
for the pleasure it affords, and, in a
measure it is true, too, that it follows
pleasure for the art
it affords. Its sum
mer outings are
fraught with rare
enjoyment.
During summer
and autumn the
club goes into the
country for an out-
I ing once a week.
i Marin, Sonoma,
I Napa, Contra Costa,
' Alameda, Santa
I Clara and San Ma
[ teo counties have
been traveled over,
I and these visits are
happily recalled by
! the wealth of views
| that are added to
i the club's collec
tion.
The Call to-day
presents a number
of choice camera
views by members
of the California
club. They cover a
variety of subjects,
although, for the
most part, they
treat of scenes on
and around the bay
of San Francisco.
"The Launch of
the Oregon" and a
"Scene Near Crystal
Springs" are from
the collection of
Harry B. Hosmer,
and it is only just to
say here that Mr.
Hosmer's work in
photography, and
as an amateur, chal
lenges comparison
among those who
are not profession
als and is equal to
the best profes
sional achieve-
not forever seeking with longing eyes
after mirroring waters and charming rural
nooks, however. They are a versatile set,
and have as much genuine fun on their
outings as any con:pany of picnickers who
seek merely to swim, as it were, in care
free joy from dewy morn till dusky eve.
The comic pictures of the club would make
a large volume, and such a volume as
A Cocoanut Head, by Dr. E. G. Eisen,
ments. "The Launch of the Oregon,"
the battle-ship now receiving the fin
ishing touches at the Union Iron
Works, is an excellent view taken at
a favorable moment from a command
ing position. TLe otiier photograph is
that of a cottage on the road to the big
dam at Crystal Springs, San Mateo County.
It is a familiar landmark to all who have
visited that inviting region.
The members of the Camera Club are
Lagunitas, by W. S. Hochstadter.
An Equilibrist at the Exposition, by Emanuel Eliaa.
would earn patronage by its merits.
Nearly all of these comic Views are in
miniature form, being intended primarily
for slides, which furnish rich variety at the
stereopticon lectures.
The "Lagunitas Creek Scene," by W. S.
Hochstadter, is a rare piece of photo
graphic wgrk. The Camera Club has
taken several outings in this particular
locality, and the view presented by Mr.
Hochstaater is one of the happiest of the
many happy efforts made to do justice to
the picturesque place. Glassy stream
and overhanging boughs and beautiful
foliage are not the only attractions of that
region. Lagunitas Creek, near Taylors
ville, in Marin County, is one of the best
fishing-streams in the country, and so
there is plenty of tine Bport thereabouts,
as well as a wealth of scenery.
"Black Point" will be recognized by
every one at all familiar with San Fran
cisco Bay. It is from a photograph by W.
J. Street, who has obtained an exceedingly
eood effect. The Golden Gate is visible in
the distance.
"Drying Sails" on the ship Clan Mac
kenzie conveys a fine idea of the appear
ance of a big ship under those conditions.
The camera artist, H. E. Owens, succeeded
admirably in his selection of distance and
point of view, and thus made a creditable
contribution to the club's collection.
The sketch of "Aqua Caliente," Sonoma
County, is from a photograph by Miss M.
E. Faucompre' Aqua Caliente is a station
on the line of the S. F. and N. P. C. rail
road, near Glen Ellen. Hot soda springs
in the vicinity give the place its name.
Water at 110 degrees comes up out of the
ground. The scene in the picture is that
of a bridge over the creek, near the station,
and the character of the surrounainga is
shown with artistic faithfulness.
In the cabins along the Alviso marshes
no man is more highly esteemed than
"Old Sam." He was boatman and cabin
tender thereabouts for many years, and
all the sporting clubmen who every win
ter haunt the Alviso siough, where clucks
abound, know "Old Bam" as a sturdy
friend aud valued sporting companion.
The old man's fuJl name is Sam Collier.
Lately he has given up life on the marshes
and settled down with his good old wife
on a farm near Newark. "Old Sam" is
quite well off, and although on the down
hill side of 70 he is as spry on his feet and
as buoyant of spirit as ever. H. B. Hos-
causing himself and the ball to slowly
descend the spiral plane — a very difficult
not to say dangerous feat. His perform -
| ance was always watched by vast crowds,
who cheered vociferously. The sketch is
from an instantaneous photograph by
Emanuel Elzas, and shows the performer
in the act of descending the plane. It il
lustrates the remarkable strides made by
photography in the last few years with
the aid of rapid plates and lenses. The
time occupied in exposing the original
' negative plate was one twenty-fifth of a
| second on a sunny day.
Among other notable pieces of work
of local amateurs should be mentioned
"Enoch Arden's First Signal," which is a
dramatic piece of work by Jesse Pound
stone. A member of the club posed for
the effect, and its original object was to
■ represent the actual predicament of a
certain young man who, while out duck
hunting, tarried too long on a reef and
was cut off from the mainland by the
rising tide.
A Miapshot by H. B. Sullivan deserves
mention. The picture caused no end of
\ merriment among the friends of the sub
j ject, and the subject himself is said to
; have recovered from his first impulse to
annihilate the perpetrator of the joke and
to have fallen in love with this highly suc
cessful "attempt at distortion," made with
a Waterbury lens on an extended figure.
On the whole the amateur artists of the
City have abundant reason to be proud of
their club and proud of their artistic
achievement?, and tSan Francisco has rea
son to be proud of her amateur knights of
the magic lens. In very few Things, out
side of climate and natural resources,
must New Yor£ and Boston and Baltimore
yield the palm to the City by the Golden
j Gate, but this is one of them— our amateur
I photographers have left the old cities of
j the East completely in the shade.
A Tiara and Its Fortunes.
In 1789 Pius VI had his tiara altered, and
it was reset by Carlo Sartori, the Pope's
jeweler, with the addition of three dia
ruonis of large size, thirty-six smaller ones,
twenty-four large balas rubies from Mogul,
twenty-two large Oriental sapphires, twelve
rubies and a large number of pearls,
with this inscription in diamonds: "Ex-
Munificentia Pii VI, P. O. M." Pius
VI was, as is well known, forced by the
French to dispose of this tiara, as well as
of most of his treasure*, to pay in part the
mer obtained the
view of "Old Sam"
from which the
sketch is made.
That "a thing of
beauty is a joy for
ever" is a truism
that finds response
in the poetic soul of
Dr. E. G. Eisen. The
doctor has given the
world a bit of high
art in his superb
ph otographic
achievement enti
tled " A Cocoanut
Head." It is a re
markable study in
cocoanut, and, it is
natural to suppose,
one to which the
medico looks with
pardonable pride.
Visitors to the
Midwinter Fair will
remember the per
forming equilibrist,
who always adopted
as a means of loco
motion a small
steam carriage.
Each afternoon he
gave a performance
In the grand court
of the exposition.
A scaffolding was
here erected, attach
ed to which was a
spiral descending
plane. At the top
rung of the plane
the performer
placed a large,
round, wooden ball.
Taking his stand
on this ana holding
in his hand a wood
en pole by way of
balance, he gradu
ally worked his feet,
.v. .
Black Point, by W. J. Street.
6,000,000 francs required by the treaty of
Tolentino in 17!»7. Napoleon I, in the
month of June, 180$, sent as a gift to Piu3
VII a new and magnificent tiara, on tho
summit of which again appeared the cele
brated emerald of Gregor}' XIII. It wag
presented to the Pope by Cardinal Fetch,
the Emperor's Minister Plenipotentiary,
and the Pope, in his letter of thanns, dated
June 23, 1805, informed the Emperor of his
intention to use it for the first time at the
Papal mass on the Feast of Saint 3 Peter
and Paul. When the Pope was taken
Drying Sails, by H. C Owens.
prisoner in 1809 by the Emperor, this tiara
was seized by General Miollis, together
with other treasure, and taken back to
Paris; but, on the restoration of the
monarchy and the return of the Pope to
Rome, it was restored to him by Loui3
XVIII. — Notes and Queries.
• — ♦ ■>
It is believed that shooting stars are
small solid bodies, revolving round the
sun. As they are traveling in a contrary
direction to the earth, the velocity with
which they enter our atmosphere is very
great— on an average about thirty miles a
second.
A<jija Calient?, by Miss M. £. 1 aneompie.
1516
ON THE line of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway in
Mendocmo County, not far from
the little station of Pieta, stands
a giant rock, the result of
pome tcrriric volcanic upheaval. One can
climb to its summit and gaze almost per
pendicularly down to where the waters of
the Russian River lash themselves into
fury upon the bowlders which lie at its
wiirhty bas-e hundreds of feet below.
Across the river to the eastward the old
toll rond winds along liKe a narrow yellow
ribbon. Vehicles passing along it appear
in the distance like children's play-wagons
drawn by Shetland ponies. The rock
gradually slopes to the westward until it
merges into the mountain and loses its
identity.
Far and near this colossal guardian of
the mountain pass is known as "Lover's
Leap," or the more common but less
euphonious appellation of "Squaw Rock."
It was tha scene of one of the most pa
thetic events recorded by Indian tradition.
In the hills east of Russian River and
about a mile from the great rock lived the
tribe of the Monowas. Its braves were the
most powerful and its maidens the fairest
of any tribo in the valley.
Among all tne men there was none that
could equal Yokayo. Son of the oldest
LOVER'S LEAP AS IT APPEARS TO-DAY.
[From a photograph.}
medicine man in the tribe, he added to
illustrious lineage the physical and mental
traits which rendered him the favorite of
all the Indian maidens. He was tall, lithe
and powerful, but his chief attraction lay
in his stern, regular features and hia
piercing black eyes.
There was only one person that had ever
been known to possess the power to soften
the rigid cast of those li-mly molded lips
or the haughty elance of those keen, chal
lenging eyes. It was Wakoonah, the
mountain lily. Now, Wakoonah was the
dauphter-of Ohokah, the chief of trie Mo
nowas, and sorely she was fair to look
upon. Her beautiful face and winning
way had brought Yotayo, in common
with the rest of the marriageable warriors,
to worship at her shrine, and his seemed
to be the only homage paid to her that was
at all acceptable.
There were jealous feelings and acning
hearts as a result, it is true, for many were
the braves that longed to win Wakoonah's
hand, and many a maiden's heart had
quickened in her breast when made the re
cipient of some slight attention from the
grave and haughty Yokayo.
Old Ohokah was greatly pleased. His
only daughter was the pride of bis declin
ing years, and now to see her in a fair way
to become the bride of the most noted
warrior in the tribe, the son of a medicine
man at that, and to know that his high
office would descend to one who would
worthily pprpctuate the glory of his race—
these things were as balm for the afflic
tions incident to old age.
As the shades of evening fell about the
village Yokayo was wont to repair to the
wig«raoa of his chief, and there, while
seated in the place of honor, listen to that
venerable personage recount the deeds of
the ancestors of their peopie. The young
brave alwayslistened in respectful silence,
for it is not meet that youth should be
loquacious in the presence of old ape.
Wakooaah sat tbjlj in a eeciuiied cook
THE LOVERS LEAP
A LEGEND OF THE MONOWAS
and sewed bright-colored beads on pretty
garments of doeskin or mended the mocca
sins of her father. Isy and by the old
chief would discreetly retire to converse
with the elders and medicine men on mat
ters pertaining to the welfare of the peo
ple, and leave the lovers to enjoy each
other's company in the manner which
lovers so thoroughly understand.
And so the days sped by, each succeed
ing day bringing to the gentle Indian
maiden and her lover nothing but com
plete happiness and the promise of an
alluring mture. In early spring, when the
buds were sprouting on the trees and the
grass springing up on the hillside, when
all nature was donning a new and hand
some garment of green, the rumor gained
currency that Yokayo and his charming
sweetheart were Boon to be wed. £ly in
sinuations to this effect raade to the bash
ful girl produced no answer save a slight,
drooping of the head and a nervous finger
ing of the bracelet she wore on the left
wrist. As for the bridegroom-elect — he
would have been bold indeed who durst
mention so sacred a subject in his presence.
But the days went by; spring was suc
ceeded by summer; the grass grew yel
low and dry, and no wedding announce
ment was made. The minds of the people
were hllert with wonder ana vague specu
lation. The old women would assemble
and gossip sagely among themselves as to
the cause, but none could assign a definite
reason.
And now a strange thing came to pass.
It was evident that Yokayo's visits to the
I tepee of his prospective father-in-law were
i growing less frequent, and that Wakoo
nah's face was growing thin and careworn.
i She no longer joined in the dance with the
' other maidens and her gay and happy
manner had changed to the settled calm
of sadness. Her hollow eyes and listless
mien told more plainly than words that
her time was spent in mourning.
Some said it was only a lovers' quarrel
and would result in a closer knitting of
the bonds that bound their hearts together,
but the knowing ones solemnly shook
their heads and hinted that all was not
known.
One glorious night in midsummer, as
the fall moon was just rising above the
mountain tops, bathing the hills and glens
f in a flood of soft, mellow light, Yokayo
! stole from his tepee and with a panther
| like step took the path that lea to the
; river. There was no sound to break
! the death-like stillness of the night
save the yelping of a distant coyote.
As its short, sharp barks merged into
a mournful howl and gradually died
away, leaving absolutely no sound
to disturb the silence of the nignt,
a premonition of evil caused the Indian to
lay his hand on the knife in his belt and
glance quickly around. There was no liv
ing being in sight. Reassured, he walked
quickly on.
But his departure was not unobserved.
The eyes of love are keen. Behind him
stole the muffled form of a woman. Light
was her step aa the step of the wildcat
stealing upon her prey.
The brave went on his way with no
thought of the Nemesis on his trail. Now
he came to where the path leads down the
mountain to the river. In the light of the
moon it appeared to ba a long silver rib
bon stretched throughout the valley. But
Yokayo's thoughts were not on the'beauty
of the scenery. Leave that to him whose
mind is not enthralled by love. Soon he
came to where the water rushes between
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
huge bowlders, and, leaping from rock to
rock, was soon on the western bank of the
river and making his way up the opposite
hill. Not far behind came that muffled
figure, tracking his footsteps with a
dogged persistence that brooded ill to the
cause of her sorrow.
Climbing to the crest of the hill the
brave paused for breath. The bright
moonlight revealed his stalwart form in
all its mugniticent proportions as he stood
erect and gazed down at the brightly burn
ing campfires of an allied tribe. Ab
sorbed in his own reflections he failed to
hear the faint sob that came from a
thicket a few rods away. It was the in
voiuntary cry of a broken heart. Oh, that
his ears had been keener! But the Great
Spirit willed it otherwise.
Suddenly Yokayo drew a long breath
and started along the hill with a quick,
eager step. Entering a leafy glade ho
seated himself on the trunk of a fallen
oak and gave vent to a low, warbling
whistle. It was answered from the
distance, and immediately there came
stealing toward the glade the dusky form
iof an Indian maiden. He sprang to
, hi« feet and opened his arms to greet
i her. She sank into them w:th a low,
; happy murmur of affection. His arias en-
I folded her. lie stcoped to kiss her, when !
j there was a panting cry at his elbow as of i
i a wounded and infuriated animal. Quirk ,
j as a flash the Indian turned, involuntarily |
throwing up his arm as he did so. and the ':
j long, keen flint knife that was intended I
I for the heart of her that lay upon his
i breast was sheathed in his forearm.
Wakoonah waited not to see the result !
I of her stroke, but with a moan of mortal '
: anguish dropped the knife and was off i
I with the speed of a frightened doe. Her
j course iay along the hill that leads to the !
monumental ruck.
! Without any vrell-defined reason Yokayo j
i dropped the maiden his unbounded arm j
: stiil encircled, and bounded after her. i
i Perhaps a latent Bpark of affection for his !
I betrothed still smoldered in his breast;
I perhaps intuition warned him of her pur
! pose. Then the premonition of evil which
■ took its birth in the call of the coyote re- i
I curred to him with fresn force and lent '
i wings to his feet. But he who couid out- i
! strip any racer in his tribe now found - ; t ;
impossible to overtake the frenzied daugh- !
; tor of Ohokah.
She reached the spot where the rock j
merges into the hill. Her awful intention I
now came to him with crushing force.
His face blanched and his limbs scarcely I
supported him. but with a supreme effort ;
he increased his Bpeed, wildly calling:;
"\Vakoonah, nul to "jnah, beihoorn coee!" :
(Wakoonah, my darling, ccme back ]
quickly.) The breeze bore "back to him a !
peal of mocking, insane laughter.
As she nears the fatal precipice her ;
sweet, girlish voice arose in the solemn
death chant of the Monowas. It was a j
touching appeal to the Great Spirit to give
her soul sweet rest in the happy hunting j
grounds surrounded by her beloved aoces
tors. Before the .sons; was finished there
was an abrupt break, one last wailing cry
of '-No me toukee" (my loved one, fare- j
well !), and the song was 'ended in another
world.
Yokayo sank to the ground with his
hands over his eyes. A minute passed,
two, three. The brave crawled to the j
brink of the precipice and gazed down.
The moon, as if averse to viewing the
awful- scene, had drawn a fleecy cloua ]
across her face and the abyss was filled !
with shadows. No sound came to hi 3 ears
but the roar of the waters warring with
the jagged rocks far below.
Crawling away from danger Yokayo rose
to his feet. Glancing at the blood still j
welling from the wound in his arm he tore
a strip from his leggings and bnutid it
tightly to stanch the liow. One last glance
at the spot where Wakoonah had leaped to j
death and Yokayo returned to the giade j
to bask in the smiles of his newest love.
There are deeps in the Indian's philoso
phy too great for the plummet of the
white man ever to sound.
Frank L. Perkins.
NO NEED POE SEA-SICKNESS.
A Physician Tells How the Ailment
May Be Prevented.
A sreat number of people who can never
cross the ocean without being prostrated
by sea-sickness have come to look upon
every reported cure for that tlutressine
malady as a delusion and a snare. Whether
the latest remedy, or rather preventive, ia
more efficacious than the rest remains
to be proved. Dr. A. D. Rockwell says it
is. He asserts that the reason so little
attention has been paid to seasickness, es
pecially by those not subject to it, is that
there was a fallacious idea that to be sea
sick did a person pood, that it cleared out
the system, and, therefore, nature should
be allowed to take its course. Dr. Rock
well holds that there is neither advantage
in nor need of the ailment. It must be
prevented, and the battle of prevention
must be fought on land before sailing. For
three days before the voyag« doses of bro
mide of sodium must be taken — in prefer
ence to bromide of potassium — and this
course must be continued for three or four
days after failing. One pleasant effect of
this bromization is the sound and refresh
ing nature of the sleep it induces. The
dose recommended by Dr. Rockwell is
thirty grains of bromide of sodium three
times a day for three days before
voyage and for three or four days after
starting. He has invariably found this
treatment an absolute preventive, and has
crossed the English Channel on a very
rough voyage without the slightest dis
comfort from the motion of the ship. In a
paper on this subject before a medical
society Dr. Rockwell tells of a man who
was in the habit of crossing the ocean two
or three times a year on business, and who
dreaded the recurring trips on account of
sea-sickness. After he had tried the bro
mide treatment he wrote to say that for the
first time in his experience he had crossed
without discomfort. Dr. Rockwell states
that he has never found any evil effects
from the use of the bromide of sodium
taken for the prevention of sea-sickness. —
Ht. Louis Globe-Democrat.
The Value He Placed on His Scalp.
Some strange and peculiar claims are
sometimes submitted to Congress, but
about the queerest claim was one intro
duced by Senator Plumb of Kansas, late
in the '70's or early in 1880. It was for
$5000 damages sustained by a man who
had lost his scalp at the hands of hostile
Indians. The claim was based on the plea
that the Indians were the wards of the
Government, and the Government was
responsible for their acts. The Govern
ment's wards had taken his scalp, and he
considered a warrant for $5000 the only
effective poultice for his wounded feelings.
Of course the bill was never acted on. It
was thrown out, because it would have
opened an account with the Government
for every man who had ever suffered
damages at the hands of the redskins.—
Washington Post.
St *— »g wm'^T
THIS IS THE LAST
WEEK! "•■''
dm^, JL JLwmM Amm AA 9
Cloaks and Suits.
At $2.50 EdCii. Coats, all sizes and
styles, selected specially for this sale.
One line of Scotch Mixtures, in sizes 4, %
6 and 8, are particularly Rood.
At $3.50 and $5 Each. tdfft
Misses' Long Cloaks, that have been
* reduced from $12 50 and $15 each.
fit $9 en Conh Over 500 La(lies '
HI 3)6. UU LC&fl. Capes and Jackets
of all kinds, styles and colors. They
are mainly an assortment of last sea-
son's shapes, but were sold as high as
■«■ : $15 apiece, If you are satisfied with
warmth and comfort, leaving style as
a .second consideration, here's four
times your moneys worth.
CpU.tJU LttOH. grades of Tan Ker-
CpU.UU LuUli. grades of Tan Ker-
sey Box Coats, with velvet cellars and
pipings, and Black and Navy Heavy
Boucle Box Coats, each with', ripple
. back and fall-shape mandolin sleeves.
These are the prettiest of this season's
styles.
MAQn Far.!; Ladies' Scalloped Bot-
fti tJu LdLiJ. Tom Flannelette Short
Skirts.
M<£l Fanh Children's Dresses,
0)1 Calif, made of pretty dark
• colored cheviot suiting, lined and
trimmed with fancy braids, sizes 22 to
23 inches.
At $2.50, $3, $7.58 and SID.
Farh nr complete stock of Ladies'
LGbii, Tailor-made Suits, that sold
from $5 to $20 apiece. They include
ladies' cloths, tweeds, cheviots and
serges, and all kinds of Jackets and
Waists.
MOST UNFRIENDLY WINKS
Lieutenant Berry Gets More
Than One From Captain
Healy.
IN GOLD LACE AND GEWGAWS.
The Prosecution Still Receiving Tes
timony—Probable Duration of
the Investigation.
Sleek uniforms of navy blue broadcloth,
glorified by yards of gold lace, relieved
by white gloves, made yesterday fore
noon on the upper floor of the United
States Appraisers" building quite like &
dress- rehearsal of some naval drama.
Within the uniforms were human beings,
but they were dumb so far as the Healy in
vestigation was concerned. Any question
on that topic was immediately met by a
! glassy stare which would have been terri
fying had it not been rather amusing. The
tightest casks, however, are said to have a
little leak, and so this very tight and secret
semi-martial, semi-naval investigation lets
out .'some few driblets of information,
meager it is true, yet sufficient to give the
great public some slight inkling of what is
going on.
Proceedings commenced shortly after 10
o'clock. Captain Healy was looking a lit
tle bored, as well he might, since he had
been informed that the maritime custom
house dress parade would probably last at
least three weeks longer. The witnesses
were not allowed to hear each other's testi
mony, being introduced one by one into
the judicial chamber, which was guarded
by a formidable individual _ brandishing a
yet more formidable bayonet. v .
Captain Tozier of the United States Rev
enue cutter Grant requested that his testi
mony of the preceding day be read over to
him by the stenographic reporter, which
being done, he corrected some few inaccu
racies which had crept into the transcript,
and was allowed to depart in peace. ;■ ;; -
Second Lieutenant Berry of the same
vessel was then placed on the stand. He
gave a lurid word-picture of ■ the veteran
captain's gay demeanour on the memor
able night in September.when he was be
guiled into accepting an offer of hospitality
frbm the commander of the British gun
boat Pheasant. The witness further stated
that Captain Healy had been drunk on
several other occasions to , his personal
knowledge. ■ ; •
"Are you sure he was drunk?" was
asked. - .: '
"He looked drunk," was the response. ■;
• "But was he drunk?" the question came
with peculiarly incisive persistency. •
- "He acted drunk," rejoined the witness
in evident perplexity. : 1 - •«.'
"Ah," was the suave rejoinder. "Then
what you meant to say, being under. oath,
was that the captain looked and acted as
though he might be somewhat under the
influence of spirits. Go on^V,.-'? '~ : ~--. ■'■'■?. '>
The lieutenant then proceeded to state
that one evening the captain walked off
the wharf at Unalaska. :
"Now tell us, lieutenant" (the voice was
singularly genial and even silvery in tone),
"did the captain really mean to walk off the
wharf? For, if he did, he would be guilty
of attempted suicide."
h "How do I know whether he meant to
NEW TO-DAT.
CLOSING
OUT
SHOES!
Such a rush! Such a crush has never been seen
in a Shoe Department in this city ! !
People know a good thing when it's offered.
Shoes for 33| and 50 per Cent of Their Cost !
We have marked what is left of our once mag-
nificent stock of Shoes at unheard of prices to close
them out as soon as possible. Ask the lucky folks
who bought last week to show you their bargains and
then come and get some yourself. Come in the
morning when everything is in apple-pie order. It's
hard to find what you want in the afternoon.
DOMESTIC
DEPARTMENT!
Last Week of Our
Great Stock-taking
Sale Bargains.
if Iflp a Vnnrl 50 pieces Warm,
Ml BUG a SttPfl. Fleecy Faille Flan-
nels, all dark grounds, printed in col-
ors, reduced from 12i-<c.
Ifif 19 ! n a VaitH The balance of our
fit la2b a SfilU. stock of Imported
German Eiderdown Flannels, reduced
from 25c a yard.
fit 9flf» a Yanrl Our entire line of
Ml <iUb d . IdiU. Imported Wool
Wrapper Flannels that are worth up
to 50c a yard.
fit Q'Sp-Q'Yaitfl A new lot of Genu-
Hi OUb a iaiu. me 75c grade of
Printed French Flannels.
fit RHn a YanH 10 > ieee ? 60-inch
Ml uUIj d !a!d. Satiu-tinished
Bleached Table Damask, worth 75c a
yard.
»♦ PQ-» n n<iinn 50 dozen %-siz?
At UOfl a UOZBH. Bleached Damask
Napkins, •to go with the above
line of Table Linens, worth $1 50 a
dozen. ■ . ; .
ftflG 2 n forth 10 ° dozen of Mam-
«l ID3U Labil. moth Cream.; Linen
Damask Towels, measure 45x25 inches,
to be sold special .6 .for $1, never sold
under $3 a dozen.' \.;;v ■.*%
or not?" asked the bewildered witness.
l> He was 'full.' "
"I understand you to mean, as before,
that he looked and acted 33 though he
might be 'full.' Now, "were you and Cap
tain Healy very fond of each other?"
"We got along well enough," replied the
witness.
"That i 3 not what I asked," rejoined the
inquisitor. "I wish to know whether your
mutual relations were of a friendly, af
fectionate character or not."
"Well, he used to wink at me," wa3 the
witness' answer.
"Ah, now you're talking. So he really
winked, did he? A jovial, companionable
wink — like the winks which occasionally
take place between friends who thoroughly
understand each other, wasn't it.'?"
'Oh, no," responded the witness; "it
was different."
"Different? Youdon'tsay! Weil, what
was it like? Was it a hostile wink? :>
"I don't know," answered the lieutenant,
wearily, "but it was dreadfully un
friendly."
"1 suppose it's awfully stupid of me,"
pursued the witness' tormentor, "but
don't you know. I can't quite understand
just what that wink of "Captain Healy's
was like. Couldn't you be kind enough to
give us an example" of it? Suppose you.
wink at me just as the captain used to
wink at you."
"1 can't do it," pleaded the witness in
despair. "There's only one man on earth
who can wink like that, and that's Captain
Healy."
The lieutenant being allowed to leave,
First Assistant Engineer Pedrick, nlso of
the Grant, was next called upon to testify.
His evidence was m all respects similar to
that of the lieutenant, except in reference
to the wink. It would appear that the
captain was by no means indiscriminate
in the bestowal of his winks, and that few
of his subordinates were favored with that
mark of predilection.
Lieutenant Reynolds makes a very good
prosecuting officer. Though all the testi
mony thus far recived has been given by
witnesses for the prosecution, he has given
the accused all the privileges which the
law allows him, trea-ting him invariably
with every courtesy and consideration. It
is believed that even should the old cap
tain be found guilty his punishment will
not exceed a transfer, or perhaps a simple
reprimand, while hopesare entertained that
the charges against him will be dismissed
altogether. In fact a dainty stripling m
a gorgeous uniform was heard to remark
at the close of yesterday's proceedings
that "it looked as though the game
wouldn't be worth the candle."
Fortunes in the Cripple Creek Mines.
On the western slope of Pikes Peak,
about twenty miles away in a direct line,
lies Cripple Creek, now the leading gold
mining camp of Colorado. It is
not to be mentioned as a health
resort, as it is 9500 feet hieh
and much exposed; nor should the
invalid even visit it without his
physician's consent. But it is an inter
esting place for a robust man. Its mines,
which for so long were looked upon as not
likely to amount to much, really do
amount to a good d«al, as any one who
cares for statistics may learn by consulting
a mining broker. Lying, as it does, within
the limits of El Paso County, it has thrown
much business into Colorado Springs, the
county seat. Some people, far and near,
have made money out of these mines.
One, a carpenter, who used to work in the
Springs for $3 a day, now owns the whole
Independence mine, and draws from
$40,000 to $100,000 from it each month.
During the first four months of 1895
his income from various mining proper
ties was $600,000. As an offset to this
man's luck it should be said that many
persons, visitors in Colorado, as well us
permanent residents, have invested much
money in mines which they could not well
afford to lose.— From "The Neo-Republican
Ascendency," by President E. Beni. An
drews, in the February Scribner's.
MILLINERY
DEPARTMENT!
Last Week of Our
Elegant Trimmed
Hats at Stock=
Taking Prices.
fit *81 OR Fanh All our Ladies' and
fit tPI.iJJ Ldbll. Children's Trim-
med Hats that sold up to $5 and $4.
M«» 9 Rfl Faph All our Trimmed
$6. 0il Ldbll. Hats, Bonnets and
Toques that sold up to $6 apiece.
fit $1 Qt Fanh Ever y Trimmed
ft! *0.33 Ldbll. Hat, Bonnet and
■ Toque that sold up to $7 50 apiece.
At $4.95 Each. Ever 7 Trimmed
U>4 > .3J LdbH. Hat, Bonnet and
. Toque that sold up to $10 apiece.
R+ QR QR Fflflh Every Trimmed
fil V&D.oa LaCn. Hat, Bonnet and
Toque that sold up to $15 apiece.
At 812.50 Each. m
net and Toque, as well as all our high-
class creations for street and evening
wear, that sold up to $25 and $30 apiece.
At 25c and ; sflc Each. Si lr 0 i m -
: mcd American Felt Hats in ladies' and
children's shapes that sold up to $1 50
apiece. •'■■'" '•' '■} : . •
lit fin : EaG!i; AH onr imported :
Hi Un.UU Ldbll. French Felt CTn-
trimmed Hats that sold up to $2 50 and
$3 apiece.
TO FORM A NEW CLUB
The Teachers Again Combine for
Mutual Benefit and Edu
cation.
CLTJBROOMS ARE SELECTED.
Classes on Special Subjects and Lect
ures Have Been Arranged
For.
The Teachers' Club has taken on a new
lease of life, and upon the remnants of the
old a new club, with higher aspirations
and a better plan of action, has been or
ganized.
The old club had for ita object 3 the edu
cation and organization of the teachers,
but the plan of education was but poorly
defined and poorly carried out, and as a
result the membership dwindled down to
less than a quarter of the former number.
These remaining members at their last
meeting in December, 1895, decided upon
the plans for the reorganization.
A circular for distribution among the
members of the department has been pre
pared. It announces the reorganization
and the plans for future action and so
licits support.
Rooms in the Mercantile Library build
ine nave been secured, and with the dues
of $5 for associate and $10 for active mem
bers a membership in the Mercantile Li
brary for one year will be purchased. This
will cost $3, and will give the member of
the Teachers' Club full privileges in the
library as well as in the club. Meetings
will be held at stated intervals and classes
in the various branches of education will
be established. Lectures by professors in
the public schools and in the universities
upon special subjects will be arranged for
as the demand warrants. So far the fol
lowing have been placed on the pro
gramme:
French, Spanish, Latin, physics and
chemistry (with laboratory work), fivo
distinct courses in English literature, in
cluding Shakespeare, nineteenth century
essayists and recent fiction; original de
monstrative geometry, three courses in
history, including American institutions
based on volume I of Bryce's "American
Commonwealth," and eight courses iv
education, including child-study, educa
tional psychology, herbartianism, manual
training (with laboratory work) and
normal music. Other classes will be
formed if desired.
Classes will be led by the best teachers
obtainable and will start about February 1.
As far as practicable each class will have
the selection of its own teacher and, ex
cept in courses using school laboratories,
of place of meeting.
The directors also announce that Pro
fessor Thomas P. Bailey Jr. will give a
course of eight lectures on "Foundations
of Pedagogical Method" during February
and March. Professor J£. E. Brown and
Professor G. H. Howison of the University
of California have also promised to address
the club this season, and other prominent
lecturers may be expected.
The membership is divided into three
classes, active, associate and honorary.
Active members must be actual teachers
in public schools in Ban Francisco, and
their number is, at present, limited to
forty. To them belongs the right of vot
ing and holding otiice. Associate mem
THIS IS THE LAST
WEEK!
Dress Goods.
At 15c a Yard. 25 pieces Double
HI IDC a lam.- and Twist Covert
• Cloths, reduced from 25c.
MO^p a Vflnri Our entire stock of
nl Citfu a lulu. Granite and Fancy
Suitings and Twilled Melton Cloth,
worth 35c a yard. i
MQ7ln a Yanri A bi & line of li
HI 0/2U d IdiQ. Choice Novelties,
Mixtures and Scotch Cheviots that sold
up to 75c a yard.
At 50c a Yard. M P iece l New 33
•JUU d !d"U. Choice Tartan and
Novelty Plaids for ladies' waists and
full costumes, the regular 75c kind.
It IQn a Yanri 25 pieces Fancy
Al IOU a larU. Black Mohairs, in a
large variety of neat designs,' were a
bargain at 25c.
At 50c a Yard. 10 P ieces Allwo °!
Al dlib a laiU. Black Crepons, full
44 inches wide, were exceptional value
at $1 a yard.
l^ 3 50 Per Cent Off Former Prices.
ALL OUR MADE-UP
Fur and Plush Capes
and Jackets
Have Been Marked Down to Half Price
bers are either teachers or parents, or
others interested in education. They pay
one-half the initiation fee paid by active
members, and enjoy all the rights and ben
efits of the club except that of voting and
holding office. Honorary members will
be chosen from the officers of the San
Francisco Department of Public Schools,
to continue members during their term of
office; the faculty of the University of Cal
ifornia, the faculty of Leland Stanford Jr.
University, or any other distinguished
friend of education may be selected.
The officers of the club are Milton E.
Blanchard, president; Mrs. L. K. Burke,
vice-president ; Miss M. E. Keating, secre
tary; Miss H. A. SpaldinK, director; A.
E. Kellog, director; Miss G. H. Cahalin,
treasurer; Silas A. White, librarian.
The project has been laid before mem
bers of the Board of Education and they
have promised support and encourage
ment.
MORKISSEY'S COFFIN PLATE.
Found Recently in a Junk Shop at
Saratoga.
"John Morrisey— Born Feb. 12, 1831,
Died May 1, 1878," is the inscription on a
white metal coffin plate discovered in a
junk shop at Saratoga a day or two ago.
The plate is in the form of an Irish harp
and bears evidence of having been torn
from the coffin. The plate was carried to
the junk shop with other metal by boys,
who disposed of the mass in bulk.
The mystery is that the plate corre
sponds to one placed upon the casket
of ex-Senator John Morrissey, who was
born in Ireland.February 12, 1831, and died
at tho Adelphia Hotel, Saratoga, May 1,
1878, the remains being taken to Troy
for interment. "While the deceased a
name was spelled Morrissey, that on
the mysterious plate reads "Morrisey,"
one "s" bem* omitted. It was at first
supposed that the plate was a duplicate
of the one placed on the Senator's
casket, but the engraver who lettered
the plate has no recollection that the
order was duplicated. The undertaker
was under the impression that a mis
take was made in spelling the name, and
that a second plate was engravei, the
I one containing th 6 error being cast
j aside. As the boys who sold the plate are
unknown to the purchaser, it will be diffi
cult to ascertain where the "Morrisey"
came from and where it has reposed dur
ing seyenteen years. The Senator's widow
lives in Troy.
Mrs. Susanna Morrissey, widow of John
Morrissey, was seen at her home on River
street, just above Middleburg, this morn
ing. She said that she had been ill for
some time and was suffering from im
paired vision. Mrs. Morrisaey was greatly
disturbed over the rinding of the coffin
plate and said she trusted the Saratoga
officers would investigate. She could not
remember whether the name Morrissey
was spelled on her husband's coffin plate
with one "s" or two, but she said the
S roper manner was with two "s's."
[owever, Mrs. Morrissey said that
had the engraver of the plate made a
mistake in the number of the let
ter "s" U3ed it was not likely that a
new plate was made, as the name was
frequently spelled as engraved on the
plate. Mrs. Morrissey said that no jewels
were buried with the boay. The last time
she visited the grave, in St. Peter's Ceme
tery, was about three years ago. She had
not been accustomed to go to the ceme
tery, as her husband had requested that
she remain away from the grave. Mr.
Morrissey also made a similar request
after the death of a son. A sister of Mrs
Morrissey was said not to remember with
regard to the marking of the plate or the
style of plate used, but the dates triven
on the plate were confirmed. — Troy
Times. J
It is said that the following sign is
posted in a public park in England: '-No
tice—All persons are cautioned to keep olf
the grass, cattle and poultry included. 1^THE SONG
OF THE
SWORD
OLD GLOEY'S PEBPETUAL YOUTH.
The Flag ;it the Capitol Is Often Re
paired, but Never Itenewed.
It is a question which no one can answer
what becomes of the flags which fly ses
sion after session over the two Houses of
Congress. The life of a flag exposed at
such a height to the tattering winds
naturally cannot be long. Every now and
thru after a storm a great r^nt is seen in
"Old Glory," as it proclaims from the
housetop tiiat our statesmen are deliberat
ing. Sometimes a stripe is gone, or per
hapo half the stars may be torn away.
Then in a day or two it flies again with all
it? stripes and its stars, as if it nad never
Buffered by the storm.
I asked what became of the old flags.
Nobody knew.
What do you do with them ?
Nothing.
They are the same flags. That is, there
are no new ones. The old flags are simply
mended. There is a patriotic poem in
this. "Old Glory" has a perpetual life;
that is, the "Ola Glory" that presides over
the Capitol. When a stripe blows away h
new one is put in its place, and the same
old Hag is pulled to the head of the staff.
If it is the blue field and stars that is gone
this is reproduced. If only a rent, it is
darned; if a hole, it is patchod. Then
another stripe goes, and a new one is
added. So on, the old portions are blown
away, the newer standing until the new
becomes the old in turn and tears away,
and in endless revolution the old flag lives
on. It is always the same flag, but from
year to year its entire texture is changed,
and the small bits are blown away by the
winds, and other small bits take their
place. There is no graveyard for "Old
Glory." It has perpetual life. No one can
tell when the 'flag which floats OTer the
Senate was bought. It is still a perfect
flag, but no part of what was first drawn to
the masthead is now in existence. — Wash
ington Evening fctar.
Old Hickory.
Some very good stories, not recently in
T'rint, if ever, were brought out at several
of the celebrations on the Bth of January.
Amoac these is this one, sliow'ng the in
domitable will of Andrew Jackson:
Just after his death a Whig friend of his
met an old family servant and began ask
inp him a few questions about his late
Piaster.
"Do you think," he said, "that the gen
eral has gone to heaven ?"
'•Deed, I dunno, sah; dat us' depen's."
''DeDendson what?"
' J;s' depen's, sah, on ef de gin'al
wanted to go, sah, er not," said the old
aarKy nut, supreme confidence in the
general. - "Ef ,he wanted to go, sah. he am
K& iork Sun f hC fc Bah -
ti The chief port of export of the Argen
\£l f ? epubllc ls I-osario. In February,
1895, there were 145 steamers and sailing
inTfrl; hi ?° Sano either chartered or seek-
IDg ireignts.
*
There a ihrill in My Nerves2f^-4eJ
Woven Steel, • ' "^"""""-s^
Like A Thrill in the Lance of Light
When It Wakes the World Too Long
En furled
in the Mocking Dreams of Night:
tits a War Note Struck? and Must
1 Leap Forth
With the Sword-Knot's Kiss op
Pride,
In the Name of My Wedded South
and North
and a Righteous Claim Denied?
From Its Dewy Cover Bursts the Rose*
In a Blushful* Morn of June,
But the Lily's Bbeath has a taint of
Death-
Where the Wood Lakes Lie a-Swoon
Vet the Rose Breathes Love and Love
Brings War
And the Lily Sighs for Peace,
&nd the World Moves On With Scath/
and Scar..
Till the Bugle Sings Surcease.
the Winds Arise the Still sea Stirs
And Tosses a Stormy Mane, '
nd the Gold-Mailed- Stars Salute Red
Mars
From the Crests of their Purpled Plain;
hey Know It Is but the Pulse of Life
Arousing a Deadly Calm,
hat the Tempest with Freshening Dews
is Rife '^^
For the Shores of Bloom and Balm.
SHORT LESSONS IN HORSE GUIDANCE.
There is as much science in knowing when and how to stop as there is in knowing when and how to start, or how to guide
your horse through the intricate mazes of a crowded city.
Never let your hoise stop of his own accord. Pull him up. even at his own stable door. The Bnimal should at all times under
stand that you are conducting your various expeditions together. The first time lie shows an inclination to stop of his own notion
if you have any doubt concerning his temper and suspect that he may have an intention of balking, pull up promptly on the
reins and say "whoa" emphatically. It may be well to get out and examine the harness, pretend to adjust a strap, or look at
the animal's foot. Tbe horse has a curious brain, that can only hold one idea at a time, and his attention may often in'this manner
be diverted from the i lea he entertained of balking.
Never say "whoa," as some drivers do, when you only want the animal to slacken speed. This is your supreme word of
command. The horse should understand that it is at all times to be obeyed promptly. Neglect of this lesson or carelessness in
the use of the word has spoiled more than one horse, and cost more than one driver his life.
Never pull up suddenly in a crowded street. I saw a man do this recently to speak to a passing friend, and a long line of
vehicles, pedestrians and an electric-car were thrown into confusion.
Never stop your horse on an up-grade unless you have a brake on your vehicle or can turn so as to take the strain off the
A SCENE ON KEARNY STREET — RESULT OF PULLING UP SUDDENLY.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
traces. To stand for a minute holding a vehicle on one of our City hills will strain and weaken a horse's quarters more than any
amount of reasonable driving can do.
Never, when you can avoid it, stop the animal suddenly when going at speed. The strain of this sort of thing, which is very
common on our streets, tells, in time, od the stoutest shoulders and knees. If you can help it do not stop where your horse must
stand any length of time with his feet in water. This, in our climate, is a prolific source of rheumatism among horses.
It is danjrerous to stop clo<e behind another vehicle when eoing uphill. If you cannot pass keep a safe distance in the rear
Thn breaking of a trace or backing of the horse may precipitate an accident.
Do not unnecessarily leave your horse, even when stoutly tied, where he is Jikely to be frightened. The animal's nervous
organization is very line, and he can often, thus, sustain a shock that will permanently lower his value.
Do not tie at the same rail or post with a saddle-horse.
Do not tie whore the horse must face the wind.
Do not tie near a barbed-wire fence.
Never leave your horse untied. You may feel sure that the animal is perfectly reliable, but you cannot predicate what some
other horse may do, or what accidents may happen.
Tie him with a good, stout neck halter, passed through the bitring.
Tie nim with a good turn and full hitch.
Tie him with a long«nougu rope.
Don't leave him too long.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
Though Peace is Sweet Shall We Ciasp
Her Close
Till Her Sleep Is a Fetid Dream;
And Never awake for a Great Truth? Sake
Though the Baleful Death- Lights Gleam?
Ah No!— the Drifts of Her Golden Ha[r
Gorgonian Wreaths Become
When the World Forgets the Trumpets
Blare
And the Cannon's Lips Are Dumb.
There Is" Life in Death and Death in Life
In the Changeful Web and Woof
Of the' Mighty Loom jn Whose Light and
Gloom
Is Our Fiber Put to Proof;
and the Palms of Peace and the Plumes
of War
Tn the March of Time Have Placed
As Advancement Rolls Her Ringing Car
To the Shining Heights of Grace. j
As the Red Rose Breaks Its Calyx Green
When the Birds Its Blooming Sing.
Ere the Canker's Mold Has Marred Its Fold
And Its Dream of Light Takes Wing—
From Enfolding Peace Does the Crimson
Flow'r
Of the Tempest's Bourgeon Glow
When the Cannon Booms the Fateful
Hour ■
And the Stormy Trumpets Blow.
JSTOI>aF»I3>CrC3-.
As the Dawns/With Swift and Thrilling m
Gleams, M
The Slumbering Hills Apprise ml
That the Young Day Waits at the W
Eastern Gates. ft
And Their Crests in Pride Must Rise, ~
So I, Like a Quivering Messenger . '.■'
Of Light. From the Sheath Must Leap,
AMD When Freedom Calls Must Answer Her
That Her Legions Do Not Sleep.
as the Lightning's swift and vivid stroke
The Resounding Thunder Wakes,
And the Sultry Air in the Crash and Glare
Its Feverish Yearning Slakes,
So I, in the Sickly Lull of Years
And the Glut of Foul Desire. .
For the Right Must Plead Through Blood
and Tears
With a Flickering Tongue of Fire.
If a Cloud Should Fall on the Stripes and
Stars
... Of My Peerless Banner's Sheen.
From the.Sheath I'll Spring. With a
Steely Ring,
Be the Foe a Slave or Queen;
If a Whisper Come Across the Sea
Of a Haughty Realm's Disdain,
There's a Song' I Sing for the Bold and y 1
• V Free +jy
In the Battle's Scarlet Rain!- y^y* /
COST OF ENGLAND'S WAES.
What the British Have Had to Pay for
Their Fighting of Two Centuries.
In the wars of the present and of the
previous century England has expended
$5,000,000,000. Almost incessantly since
1700 England has been prosecuting war
and paying the cost of it, either in alliance
with other European nations or against
barbarous or semi-civilized nations single
handed.
Tne first of the wars in which England
engaged in the eighteenth century was
against the French. England having as its
allies Holland, Prussia, Hanover and
Portugal. It culminated in the treaty of
Utrecht in 1713, after an expenditure (rel
atively much larger in those days) of $900,
--000,000.
The English war against the Canadian
colonists, who were favorable to the
French, but who were without adequate
resources to withstand the power of the
English, followed, at a cost of $300,000,000,
and then folJ wed the war against the Ameri
can patriot colonists south of the Canadian
border-line — the Revolutionary War. The
cost to England of the Revolutionary "War
is given in the official figures of the Eng
lish War Office at $600,000,000.
The closing years of the eighteenth cen
tury and the early years of the nineteenth
century were years of strife and war in
which England took an active part, but
uever single handed. Her first alliance
was with Russia, Prussia, Sardinia, Portu
gal, Itiay and the minor German States
against France. That was in 1793. Ihe
next alliance, six years later, included the
same countries, with Turkey, Naples, the
Barbary States and Austria in addition as
allies of England. The combination of
European nations of which England was
a^part, in 1805, included England, Russia,
Austria, Sweden and Naples, in 1809 Eng
land and Austria combined against France,
and in 1813 all the great powers of Europe
and most of the minor ones combined
against Napoleon in what was known
afterward as "the seventh coalition."
While these wars were in progress in
Europe England carried on other wars,
particularly against the United States (the
war of 1812), and in India, and during this
period, beginning in 1793 and closing in
1815, the total sum (expended by England
for war and naval purposes was $4,000,000,
--000. Such was the debt of England at the
close of the last war with the United States,
but it lias been greatly reduced since.
The Crimean war, in which England en
gaged against Russia with France, Turkey
and Sardinia as its allies, cost England
$350,000,000, and subsequent wars and en
counters in India, in Southern Africa,
where the Boers proved a sturdy foe, in
Egypt and elsewhere have entailed con
siderable cost upon the English treasury,
but very much less than the expense of
lighting with civilized soldiers in well
equipped armies. The present debt of
England, exclusive of the debt of English
dependencies, which is $2,000,000,000, is
$3,300,000.000.— New York Sun.
REMARKABLE INSTANCES OF
PERSONS WHO LOSE THEMSELVES
BY "W. O. MORROW.
The case of the young woman who pre-
Jsented herself at the Receiving Hospital
in this City recently and announced that
she had lost her identity, having no recol
lection of her name, family, home or
friends, was by no means singular, though
none the less remarkable. There have
been many other such cases, and the idea
has been employed to great advantage in
fiction. That a calamity so terrible may
befall the strongest of us at any moment is
the consideration that invests the subject
with a peculiar interest and a special
dread.
A few years ago such a catastrophe over
took an estimable resident of San Fran
cisco. The account of it which I shall
here give was furnished by the physician
who had charge of the case — a man of ex
cellent skill in his profession, whom, forob
vious reasons, I shall call Dr. Blank and
his patient Mr. Smith. Ido not think the
case ever found its way into the newspa
pers, and as it has been some time since
the account was given to me I may be at
fault in the minor details; but I am euro
of the main points.
One forenoon Dr. Blank, whose office
was in a downtown building, was hastily
summoned to a neighboring drugstore.
In the back room he found a man strug
gling in a convulsion. The attack
had all the indications of ordinary
epilepsy. The physician was informed
that the man had fallen in a fit
on the sidewalk and had been brought
into the shop. Dr. Blank applied the
usual means of amelioration, and soon the
man was conscious again. He had the
violent headache, cola feet and other ordi
nary sequelae of an epileptic attack. He
was' a well-dressed ana prosperous-looking
man of about 44, and had the manners of
a gentleman.
The extraordinary complexities of his
case were very soon developed, and had
it not been for the tact and quickness
of perception of Dr. BlanK (who was al
ways on the alert for surprising develop
ments in epileptic cases), the complica
tions in which the unfortunate sufferer was
at once piunged might have had a disas
trous effect.
As the patient was too weak and was
suffering too much to make his own way
home at once. Dr. Blank asked him where
lie lived, that he might send him home in
a hack. The man promptly gave a street
and number that the doctor had never
heard of in San Francisco, but he knew
that the name of the street was that of a
famous thoroughfare in an Eastern city.
Without saying anything he consulted a
directory and found that there was no
such street here. Suspecting something
wrong, he next asked the man for his
name. It was given freely and was easily
found in the directory. Further questions
adroitly put developed the fact that the
stranger, who was down in the directory
as an accountant for a certain large whole
sale establishment, was a lawyer and not
an accountant, and that he knew nothing
of the house with which his name was
connected.
Dr. Blank, holding the patient under the
pretext of his being too ill to leave, sent a
messenger hastily to the wholesale house
and one of the proprietors responded.
The physician explained to him when he
arrived that he thought possibly a hiatus
had occurred in Smith's memory, and that
he desired the merchant should not claim
an acquaintance, but merely give Smith
an opportunity to recognize him. Smith
failed utterly to do so. From the mer
chant Dr. Blame learned that Smith was
married and had two children, and that he
lived at a certain street and number in
San Francisco. Dr. Blank immediately
summoned the wife, and directed her to
bring the children.
At the same time he telegraphed to the
address given by Smith as being likely
that of a place in an Eastern city, and in
the course of a few hours received an
answer which will be set forth in this
narration.
Pending the arrival of the patient's
family and news from the East Dr. Blank
ingeniously plied Smith with more ques
tions. The substance of the answers was
this:
Smith said that he was 40, when he was
evidently older; that he was a lawyer and
had a very good practice; that he was a
bachelor and lived in a certain well-known
club in a- large Eastern city. He was
gently led to discuss politics, whereupon
Dr. Blank discovered that the sufferer
thought that a President who had been
out of office three years was still the in
cumbent. Then, when the physician
turned the talk another way he found that
Smith supposed himself to be still in the
Eastern city, that he had heard of San
Francisco and had often wanted to live
there, and intended to move thither before
long, and that he believed the day of his
lying there in the back room of the chem
ist's was a day four years past.
In short, it was evident that the man
had been wholly another individual dur
ing four years, had lived an entirely dis
tinct life during that time, had lost his old
profession and acquired a new one, had
married and become the father of two
children, and now had suddenly emerged
from that individuality and had returned
to the one which he had held for forty
years, retaining not the slightest recollec
tion of anything that had happened in the
four years' interval.
Dr. Blank had hoped that a visit from
the wife and children might recall the man
to his recent life, but as there was some
delay in their arrival the news from the
East preceded them. It was corroborative
of all that Smith had said concerning his life
there, and added this: "One day about
four years ago he had an epileptic fit. That
night he disappeared, and nothing has
been heard of him since."
In recounting the affair afterward Dr.
Blank said:
"The situation was exceedingly complex
and pitiful. In the higher and proper
sense Mrs. Smith's husband was dead — as
completely removed from the earth as
though he had undergone the ordinary
process of dying. I had learned from his
employer that he was most tenderly de
voted to his wife and babies, and that they
were equally attached to him. How could
it be possible for this poor woman and
these children to understand, when they
saw him again in the flesh, speaking with
his old familiar voice, that he was not the
husband and father of their hearthstone ? A
particularly distressing feature of the case
was my inference, from his long-sustained
condition of bachelorhood, that in his
original state, to which he had now re
turned, he was not a marrying man,
though I had received no definite informa
tion concerning his regard for women ;
that he had outlived the natural and nor
mal desire to have a wife, and that he
could not bring himself to love the ones
who had come into a life which was not
now a part of him.
"Beyond that imminent danger, how
ever much he might try to avert it by the
exercise of the geiulemanliness and man
liness that were evidently part of him in
any condition, there was a moral consid
eration. I must confess that, as a man of
science, this concerned me only in a sec
ondary sense. Suppose that the wife,
who, I learned, was an exceptionally in
telligent woman, and Smith himself,
whom I knew to be a man of the highest
integrity, should either of them imagine
that they were not morally husband and
wife, however legally. Well, that is a
digression."
Pending the arrival of Mrs. Smith and
the children, Dr. Blank realized that a
tremendous and dreadful task confronted
him, and, being a man of superior char
acter and courage, he set himself to dis
charge it.
His intention had beea to confront I
Smith and his family, on the desperate
chance that the deeply grounded affection
which belongs to the nature of such a
husband and father would .recall the man
! who had just stepped out of the world,
j but a moment's reflection convinced him
| of the danger of the experiment— there is
never any foreseeing of results in the case
of .an epileptic. So the patient having re
covered sufficiently to walk, the physician
made arrangements for the detention of
tne wife and children until be sliould
| return, and then began the painful prepa
i ration for taking the sutferer upon the
i street.
A necessary preliminary to this was in
j formation of the calamity which had over
| taken the patient. Dr. Blank, despite all
his tact and adroitness, expected increau
lity and suspicion, and perhaps violent
resentment. But ne went about his duty
with the courage of a man and told the
amazed patient all except the chapter re
lating to his family.
As he had expected, Smith at first won
dered, then became credulous, then sus
picious of a trick, then angry and defiant.
Dr. Blank's coolness was unfailing. His
next move was to offer the patient a mir
ror. Smith looked into it and started back
aghast.
"God!" he exclaimed; "that is not I. I
am not so old as that. I have not a beard.
You have poisoned me, you Mend, or I am
insane."
But Dr. Blank was patient.
"Remember," said he, "you have lost
those four years," and then he gently told
him more about the mysteries of the dis
ease. Smith sat helpless and staring.
Dr. Blank tried a new tack.
"Do you know any lawyers in San Fran
cisco?"
"Not by sight, but I have had corre
spondence with some."
"Then let us go and hnd them."
Wary and guarded, Smith left the shop
with the physician and as soon as he
stepped upon the street he looked about
bewildered and wonaering.
"Where am I?" he asked.
Dr. Blank assured him again that he
was in San Francisco, but the man shook
his head and looked suspicious. Then the
physician, having ascertained that Smith
had dropped out of his life in tiie middle
ot winter, and knowing that the weather
in the Eastern city where that had hap
pened was very severe, called Smith's at
tention to the soft and gentle weather.
Smith started, drew a deep breath and
said:
"I have never breathed this air before.
I am lost and helpless."
Presently turning a corner they came in
view of the Palace Hotel. Smith stopped
and exclaimed :
"I recognize that. I have seen pictures
of it. It is the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. I have studied maps and pictures
of the town. I see. This is Market street.
Those are the Twin Peaks. I must be in
San Francisco."
After that the sailing was easier. A
policeman gave him the day, month and
year, and the lawyer whom they visited
identified himself, and the people at tha
mercantile house where he had worked
were evidently responsible men ana they
recognized him ana were glad to see him.
In this way he gradually became con
vinced. But it was curious to observe
that he was no longer the expert account
ant he had been, and that he had become
a lawyer again, although his knowledge
of law had been aead for four years.
The most difficult and delicate thing
remained to be done. His wife and chil
dren were anxiously awaiting him at the
chemist's. As Dr. Blank led his patient
thither he delicately told him that story.
Smith gaspea and staggered when he
heard it, ana it was necessary to take him
to a quiet hotel and put him to bed. He
was very weak. His head ached terribly.
But stimulants and restoratives were given
him. Presently, his wife and children
having been summoned, were standing
outside his door, waiting to be admitted.
"There is only one thing I can advise,"
said Dr. Blank to the suffering man.
"That i 3, welcome them as though you
knew and loved them. Alt will be right
in the end. I will say a word or two to
her as a preparation for" anything unusual
she may detect in your conduct."
The suffering man, his face haggard and
his fingers tightly clutching the coverlet,
said firmly:
"Doctor, 1 am deeply grateful to you.
Kindly admit them and leave us alone."
The church of St. Mary, in Kilburn, a
suburb in the northeastern part of Lon
don, has had an unknown benefactor for
over nineteen years. On a certain Decem
ber day every year an envelope is found in
the coilection-box containing $500. It was
found there as usual a while ago. Xo
effort is made to discover the benefactor,
for fear that the discovery might result in
the loss of the annual gift.
NEW TO-DAY.
A DYINQ^SPARK
Stop Right Now! Don't Light An-
other! You're Burning
Your Brains.
WRECKS ALONG THE STREET-SIDE,
.»■■— »*~ -J Ofttimes tobacco's vic-
r •^^tims look at the dying
\^ \s. spark in the cigar stump,
" \jf£ or at the big masticated
'V»»3i t "chaw" of tobacco just
■7vX expectorated, and with
svT^\ nerves nicotinized with
-^oßaer^ \-',.>fri tobacco, mentally re-
j^^^^^^y solve, "Now, that 'is my
again. 1 know that it is injuring me
physically and financially and my nerves
are becoming so irritated that I can't
stand the least annoyance." What is the
result? These good resolutions are gen-
erally made while the effect of the use of
tobacco practically paralyzes the cravings
of millions of irritated nerve centers and
just as soon as the effects commence to
pass away these good resolutions weaken,
showing conclusively that the use of to-
bacco is not a habit but a disease of the
nervous stem caused by the education
of the nerves to crave for the nicotine
poisoning. What, then, is the easy, per-
manent, natural way to relieve yourself of
the use of tobacco? Certainly not by. dis-
continuing it and suffering the nervous
reaction and prostrating effects and
mental degeneracy sure to follow the long
and continued • use of tobacco. Does it
not suggest itself to you that the natural
thing to do is to take a remedy that is
specifically prepared to, eradicate the
effects of the nicotine in the system and to
overcome the nerve-craving effects and
restore the tobacco-irritated nerves to a
normal and healthy condition? To this,
we all say "Yes, where is the remedy?"
You will find it in No-To-Bac. This is
easily said and we all naturally ask for
proof. Certainly.. If No-To-Bac fails to
cure, The Sterling Remedy Company, of
New York, Montreal and Chicago have so
much, faith ;in their remedy, that they
positively guarantee to refund the money,
and the concern being owned and oper-
ated by some of the most reputable busi-
ness men of the East and West, is abso-
lutely reliable and, we are glad to say,
able in every way to live up to its guar-
antee.
The sale of No-To-Bac within the past
few years has assumed enormous propor-
tions, almost entirely developed upon its
merits and. the recommendations of the
cured.. So great is the sale that it is
hardly possible to go into any leading
drugstore without finding it on sale, and
the druggist has nothing but words of
praise to give it.
1718
SOCIETY
p"-j g-^HE week has been unusually gay
S for San Francisco society with the
p Friday Fortnightly, the Monday |
j\ Dancing Club and many teas, din- ■
ners and receptions. The affairs of
prime interest of the near future will be [
the Pond-Grant and Jarboe-itull weddings,
which will both take place at St. Lake's. :
The different committees appointed by
the San Francisco Art Association are
rapidly getting affairs in good shape for
the mardi-gras ball, which will be giver, on
Friday, February 13, at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. The members having the
arrangements in charge are enthusiastic
over the possibilities, and promise that it
■will be one of the most brilliant affairs of
its kind. The public \% manifesting j great
interest, and without doubt a fashion
able crush will be present.
Mr. and Mr?. Paul Jarboe gave a fancy
dress dinner at their residence, 1299 Tay
lor street, last evening in honor of Miss
Kathryn Jarboe and Jerome Case Bull. It
was followed by a reception, at which was
given a series of living pictures. There
was a Bohemian supper served at small
tables, with beer and other refreshments
served by some of the youiu; ladies in
peasant costume. There were present
about 150 guests.
A hop was given at the Presidio last
Tuesday evening by the officers and ladies.
It was an formal affair, but none the
less enjoyable.
The attendance at the gathering of the
Friday Fortnightly Club was large and the
toilets unusually pretty. The cotillon was
led by E. 11. Sheldon in the absence of
Mr. Green way.
An elaborate dinner was given to Ed
ward W. Townscnd on Friday evening in
the red room of the Bohemian Club by
James D. Phelan.
The tea iriven by Mrs. Jsnies oti3 at her
home, 1727 Broadway, Friday afternoon,
between the hours of 4 and 6 o'clock, was a
delightful affair. The decorations were
artistic, and during the hours of the recep
tion tempting refreshments were served.
The tea was complimentary to Mrs. Rob
ert B. Canfield of Santa Barbara, and the
ladies were assisted in receiving by Mrs.
James Otis Br., Mrs. Hall McAllister, Mrs.
M. Hall McAllister, Mrs. George C. Board
in an, Mrs. James Tucker, Mrs. Edward L.
Eyre. Mrs. Norman McLaren, Mrs. Walter
McGavin, Mrs. James P. Langhorn, Miss
West, Miss Paige and Miss Henshelwood.
Mrs. George W. Beaver ani the Misses
Beaver entertained most delightfully a
large number of their friends at a tea {riven
at tneir home. 1300 Taylor street, j'ester
day afternoon. Those receiving were Mrs.
Beaver, Mrs. Frederick Beaver, Miss Kare
Beaver, Miss Ethel Beaver and Miss Anna
Beaver.
The old Tingley house, on Rincon Hill,
was reopened last Friday evening with a
reception given by Mrs. V. T. Lawrence, a
daughter of Jnda;e Tingley. The guests
were received by Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence,
Mrs. Ludlow and Miss Lawrence. Vocal
and instrumental music by some of the
guests was followed with dancing, after
which a daintily appointed supper was
served.
Mrs. J. C. Hampton pave a tea st her
home in Oakland yesterday. She was
assisted in recriving by Miss Lillian
Strong, Miss Mamie Baker, Miss Mary
Whitney, Miss Carrie Eater, Miss Helene
Bell and Miss Edith Brown of Alameda.
Mis 9 Emma Prosek cave the principal
members of the Entre Nous Cotillon Club
a reception at her home, 717 Golden Gate
avenue, last Thursday night. Dancing
was the feature of the evening and Mr.
Kerrigan amused the company with one
of his comical recitations.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Weir-Whittieri Lowengart-Gerst and Far
quharson-Cast'.e Betrothals.
The weeding of Miss Kathryn .Tarboe, daugh
ter of Mrs. John R. Jarboe, and Jerome Case
Bull of New York will take place at noon on
Thursday, February 6, at St. Luke's Church.
Rev. William Moreland will officiate. The
wedding will be followed by a breakfast at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jarboe, 1299
Taylor street. Only the bridal party and rela
tives will be present. The maid of honor will
be Miss Charlotte Wlleon, the little daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson, and the best
man will be Mr. Bull, brother of the groom.
The ushers will comprise E. M. Greenway,
Samuel H. Boardman, Richard Harrison, Frank
L. Owen, Dr. George M. Richardson and Addi
•on Mizner.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Watson Grant have
if sued invitations for the wedding of their !
daughter, Miss Isabel Grant, and Edward Pond, !
son of Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pond, which will
I take place on Monday evening, February '
jat half-pasl 8 took, at St. Luke's Church.
The engagement is announced of Miss Mat-
I tie Whittier, daughter of W. F. Whittier, to !
j William i;. Weir, of New York. The wedding ■
I wiil take place in Mr. Whittier's new residence j
' at the corner of Lacuna and Jackson streets. ]
I which is near completion.
Announcement nus been made of the en
j gneement of Miss Leah (ierst to Ignatz Lowen
,,'Hrt. Both -of the parties are prominent in
local social circles. Miss Gerst is the eldest
•laughter of Mr. and Mrs. Garrison Gerst of this
City, and grand-daughter of A. Anspacher,
president of the Temple Emann-El and well
known for his benevolence. Mr. Lowengart is |
well-known in business and social circles both j
I here and in Portland. The couple will .receive !
, to-day and Thursday at the Gerst residence, j
northwest corner of Pierce and McAllister
streets.
i The engagement is ennounced of Miss
Georgia M. "Vightman, daughter of Mr. and
! Mrs. John Wightman Jr.. to Douglass B. Crane
of the Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
-1 pany. .^; 1 ;
The engagement has been announced of Miss
] Blanche Castle, daughter of Frederick L. Cas
! tie. to Ciiaries Farquharson, son of David Far- '
qunarson.
The engagement is announced of Miss Jen- |
nic Stanford Sanderson, daughter of the late
; Judge S. W. Sanderson, to Roy Durand Her
rick, son of Edwin Herrick of Minneapolis.
D . and Mrs. I. Banger, formerly of Kan Fran
cisco, announce the engagement of their
: daughter Edna to J. Remusat, an attache of
i the French Consulate at Shanghai, China.
: They will be married in the near future ana
| make an extended European tour, going to
, Paris first.
' RECEPTIONS.
The Lenor and Oliver Parties— Leap -Year
Affairs.
The seventy-ninth birthday of Mrs. J. Hart,
! formerly of Stockton, was celebrated last Sun-
I day at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. S.
Salz, in Centerville. There were present forty
of the relatives from this City, Stockton and
Centerville, including four- generations of the
; family. At noon a fine collation was spread,
• a; which telegrams of congratulation from ab
! sent relatives were read and toasts were offered,
I after which during the afternoon the guests
! enjoyed themselves with music and dancing.
An enjoyable hop was given Friday evening
by* the Hotel Lenox, 628 Sutler street. The
guests and their irienas assembled in the par
lors, from which place the grand march took
place, and dancing was indulged in in the spa
cious dining-room, which was elegantly deco
rated. Icecream, caices and lemonade were
served the guests during the evening.
Thursday evening was a notable occasion at
the Hotel Oliver,- on the corner of Pine and
! Mason streets. Over 150 guests were present
and a choice musical programme was pre
sented under the direction of F. Dellepiane.
The numbers were as follows:
Vocal duet, "A Night in Venice," Miss Millie
Flynn and W. Simonson; contralto solo, "O,
Promise Me," Mrs. Olive Reed; tenor solo, W.
Siinonson ; soprano solo, "Venzanos Waltz,"
Mrs. Eva Tcnney; tenor solo, Frank Coffin;
male quartet, Messrs. Coffin, Rice, Ward and
Tucker; soprano solo, "Because I Love You,"
Miss Millie Flynn. Accompanist, F. DelJepiane.
Dancing terminated the affair. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Willis
Bachcldcr, Mr. and Mrs. William Westoff. Mr
and Mrs. McPherson Hill, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Dellepiane, Dr. and Mrs. Kreutzman, Captain
and Mrs. John Leale, Captain Lindsey of the
steamer Coptic, Dr. and Mrs. Polastri, Miss Po
lastri, Miss Lida Hill, John T. Scott, Mr. and
Mrs. Cordes, Miss Georgie Cousins, Mr. and
Mrs. C. M. Jennings, Mine. Ziska and many
others.
Mrs. M. F. Donleavy was given a leap-year
surprise party last evening at her home, 1136
Howard street.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered to
William Kaiser at his residence, 7'37'A Union
street, last Tuesday. The evening was very
pleasantly passed in dancing and games, with
supper at midnight. Those Dresent were: Miss
Ida Hensel, Miss Addle Gudehns, Miss Annie
Heltmann, Miss May Nienstadt, Miss Annie
Fritz, Miss Louise Goetz, Miss Emma Goetz,
Miss Annie Kaiser, Miss Emma Kaiser, Miss
Annie Otten, Miss Gesiene Ehlers, Miss Meta
Enters, Miss Hattie Lampe, iliss Sophie Kruse.
Mr. and Mrs. Kaiser, Mr. and Mrs. Maier, Mr.
Kuser, H. Goetz. Ed Nienstadt. AdolphGude
hus, George Tietjen, Mr. Tietse, L. H. Anthes,
William Westphal, "William Kaiser, Charles
Kaiser, Mr. Ross, Albert Rubold, 11. Schmidt
and Mr. Nathan.
The Young Ladies' Leap-year Club of '96
gave their first theater party Tuesday evening
at the Columbia Theater. The following mem
bers were present: Miss Mamie Ryan, Miss
Rose Cohn, Miss Minnie Cohen, Miss Lottie
Carney, Miss Emily Fankhauser, Miss Pauline
Cohn, Miss Nellie King, Miss Jessie Ketcham,
Clara Fankhauser, Miss Kitty Ryan.
A pleasant reception was given at the resi
dence of John Hinkei at 218 Devisadero street.
Among those present were: Miss M. Plageman,
O. yon Boistel, Miss C. Denning, L. Hasshagen,
Miss L. Gibbons, G. Hinkel, Miss H. Spencer,
T. yon Boistel, Miss L. Hinkei, J. Calhoun,
Miss L. Hudson, H. Mailer, Miss E. Spencer, J.
Hinkei, Miss S. Smith, R. RoSgers. Miss E.
O'Neil, R. Maho'ney, Miss Walnut. B. Hinkei,
Miss B. Gilmore, J. Kane, Miss Figsberg, L.
Dake, Miss A. Ross, T. Sullivan, Miss H. O'Neil,
J. Hughes, Miss B. Denver, W. Shord, Miss J.
Aitken, c. Adam, Miss R. Harper, R. Shord.
PIONEEE3' ANNIVERSARY. .
The date of the discovery of gold at Coloma
by Marshall having been, after years of con
" troversy, incontrovertibly fixed as on January
24, 1848, the Society of California Pioneers on
Friday evening commemorated the forty
eighth anniversary by enjoyable social festivi
ties in their spacious assembly hall. Despite
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 18H6.
the threatening weather gray-bearded and
venerable argonauts, accompanied by younger
wives, children, grand sons and daughters,
filled the chamber at an early Hour. There
was nothing formal about the gathering, only
a jolly free and easy time, reminders of days
lang syne.
In lieu of literary exercises dancing was in
dulged in to the strains of Yanke's band. Of
course, K. Vandercook.the veteran manager of
oil the terpsichorean entertainments of his
pioneer associates, judiciously and satisfac
torily arranged the various numbers, and until
midnight the merry throng unwearily tipped
it on the light fantastic.
The- efficient services of J. I. Bpear, secretary,
nnd Marshal J. F. Pinkham contributed ma
terially toward insuring the success of this
memorable anniversary jubilee. Throughout
the entire evening a cold collation was pro
vided in the lower banquet-hall for the refresh
ment of the hosts and guests.
Besides the officers nnd senior members of
the fraternity the following named ladies hon
ored the occasion by joyously participating in
the festivities;
Mrs. 11. N.Tilden, Mrs. H. Eouton, Miss L.
Bouton, Miss Carlotta Bean, Miss A. Noonan,
Mrs. J. I. Spear. Mra. M. Schloss, Miss Ada
\\ hite, Mrs. A. Sutter, Miss Maud Gazelle, Mrs.
George C. Perkins. Mrs. Lizzie Bigelow, Miss
Maud Hoyt, Miss Jennie Hamilton, Mrs. George
F. Sharp, Miss Maud Burke, Miss Mary Mc
l.ean, Mrs. Charles Elsey, Miss Lottie Elsey,
Miss Mabel Bee be, Mrs. E. W. Morley, Miss F.
LHthrop. Mrs. C. B. Hudwall, Mrs. J. R. Gris
v.old, Mrs. E. F. Tway, Mrs. E. E. Der
noro, Miss Grace Seolfn, Miss Myra Spear,
Mrs. E. B. Vreeland, Mrs. George Liily, Mrs. F.
Lilly, Mrs. E. G. Knapp, Miss Knapp, Miss Eva
Williams, Miss A. Otis, Mrs. F. H. Rooney, Miss
A. Rooney, Miss T. Rooney, Mrs. Dr. Cleveland,
Miss Rhein, Mrs. M. L. Wentworth, Mrs. Anna
Wencworth, Miss R. Owens, Miss M. Burke, Miss
». Root, Miss Mac Evans, Mrs. Jacob Swart,
Mrs. M. C. Hughes. Miss Maud Josselyn, Mrs.
<\ Short, Miss E. Short, Mrs. K. Kennedy, Mrs.
K. thort, Mrs. J. I. Spear, Miss Edith Bernay,
Miss Edna Scoble, Mrs. E. B. Cooper, Mrs. E.
Maule, Mrs. J. J. Lernam, Miss M. Sullivan,
Mrs. M. J. Finley, Miss L. Gille, Miss Wadhain,
Mrs. Wadhain. Mrs. George S. Graham,
Miss Grace Mitchell, Miss A. Hamilton,
Miss L. Cousins, Mrs. W. Cousins, Mrs. E. O.
Haskell, Mrs. T. Henderson, Mrs. George H.
Wallace, Miss E. Nager, Mrs. K. Cooley, Mrs.
S. Ferre, Mrs. M. Ponersekke, Mrs. L. Scholl,
Mrs, W. T. Garratt Miss F. Hitchens, Miss E,
Hitchens, Mrs. G. Phillips, Mrs. A. Lackey, Mrs.
S. E. Ward, Mrs. 11. T. Crocker, Misal. Crocker.
MUsFrankie Howell, Miss Nettle Davis, Mrs.
A. Sutter, Mrs. C. J. King, Mrs. J. P. Beering,
Miss B. Beering, Miss C. Beering, Miss
Minnie White, Miss Daisy White, Mrs. L. W.
Moore, Mrs. George P. Moore, Mrs. W. L. Moore,
Mrs. J. V. Collins, Miss Carrie Murphy, Mrs.
C. S. Scott, Mrs. C. C. Moore, Miss M. B. Bpear,
Mrs. F. Martin.
CLUB PAKTIEB.
Servian-Montenegrin Ball— Catholio Ladies'
Aid Society's Leap-Tear Dance.
The sixteenth annual ball given by the Ser
vian-Montenegrin Benevolent Society in Union
square Hall last Wednesday evening was at
tended by over 100 couples notwithstanding
the inclemency of the weather. The dancing
wa.« kept up till 2 a. m. The arrangements were
under theable management of J. Glavinovich,
Lazar Churich and Vladimir Jovovlch. The
floor was looked after by Casimir L. Antonloh as
manager, with, as assistants, Vladimir Jovovich,
John G. Jolay, M. Obradovichandl. Adalovich.
The members of the reception committee
were: Messrs. Steve T. Gerunovich, John Glav
inovich and Lazar Charich.
Among those present were: Albert Jones and
the Misses Annie and Lizzie Jones, Dr. W. A.
Gilmour, airs. D. A. Williams and Miss Mamie
Williams, Lazar Jovovich, president; John
(ilftvinovich, vice-president; Steve T. Geruno- i
vich, treasurer; Lazar Churich, recording sec- '
retary, and George A. Debovich, financial sec- I
retary; Eugene N. i-Vuprev and family, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Lipfel, Mr. and Mrs. Eaton and j
daughters, Miss Kate Burns. Mrs. M. Perks and i
others.
Notwithstanding the inclemency of the wea
ther, the leap-year ball given by- Stockton
Branch No. 7, Catholic Ladies' Aid Society, at
Weber Hall, Tuesday evening last, was a most ;
decided success, and the many ladies and gen- i
tlemen who were in attendance made the |
committee having the affair in charge feel
highly complimented. The large dance hall \
was prettily decorated with evergreens and
Chinese lanterns and presented a most inviting [
appearance. Owing to the stormy weather the j
dancers did not commence to arrive until late,
and consequently it was considerably after 9 |
o'clock before the grand marcii , started. To i
the ladies who formed the committee of ar- ;
rangements much credit is due for the sue- |
cess of the ball. There were fourteen dances j
and two extras, and immediately alter the last
1 dance all repaired to Y. M. I. Hall, where a
sumptuous repast had been spread by tne mem-
Ders of the aid society, after which all re
turned to their homes more than pleased with
i the evening's enjoyment.
On Tuesday night, in spite of the rain, the
spacious Crystal Hall In Pythian Castle was j
crowded with members and friends of Aqua
l'ura and Independence Social clubs, which
gave a very successful leap-year party under
the management of Miss Bertha Wallace, as
floor director, and Misses Julia Benfield, Nellie
Krieger, Hattie Burke, of lAqua I'ura, and
Gertrude E. Glosser, Tillie Wiggers and Mrs.
Sarah Patterson, as floor committee. Miss
Wallace presided as chairman with commend
able grace and dignity, and presented a pleas
ing programme of literary and musical selec
tions, including the following: Overture
(piano), Miss Dexter; recitation,' Professor
O'Brien; Polish dance, little May Flower, who
rendered a Spanish dance in response to an
encore; comic recitation, Mr. Scbenck, etc.
The Owl Social Club gave its first ball last
evening at Steimke's Hall, at the corner of
Union and Oetavia streets.
Tne Crescent Athletic Club gave a dance, last
Friday evening at Odd Fellows' Hall.
The Palm City Social Club gave its first party
last evening at Apollo Hall on Pacific street.
Templar Grove No. 19, U. A. O. D., celebrated
its twenty-fifth anniversary with an entertain
ment and ball at Union-square Hall last
evening.
IN THE FUTURE. •
Interesting Events That Give Promise of a
Lively Week.
The next and last cotillon of the Friday Fort
nightly Club will be given" February 14, and
will be a leap-year affair. Miss Alice Hobart
will lead.
The Friday Night Club has postponed its final
meeting of this season, an assembly, until after
Lent.
Colonel and Mrs. George H. Burton, U. 8. A.,
and the Misses Burton will give a leap-year
dance to the young people at the Presidio next
Wednesday evening. The ladies will appear in
dominoes and with masks. 
Cards have been gent out for the leap-year
cotillon to be given February 4 at Lunt's Hall.
About forty young' ladies are members and
each is to invite her partner and escort him to
the dance. Among the members are: Miss
Gertrude Church, Miss Romola Bigelow, Miss
May Ayers, Miss May Lowell, Miss Mabel Estee,
Miss Anna Fisher, Miss Anna Wainvrright,
Miss Edith Bishop, Miss Belle Van Vlack, Miss
Grace Babin, Miss May Sharon and Miss Addle
Jewett.
George Aimer Newhall will give a dinner
dance next Wednesday evening at his resi
dence on Van Ness avenue. Dinners will be
given by Mr. Newhall, Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Crockett, Mr. and Mrs. W. Mayo Newhall, Mr.
and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall and Mr. and Mrs.
Mountford 8. Wilson. Afterward they will all
meet at Mr. Newhali's residence and the cotil
lon will be danced.
The Enlre Nous cotillon will give a fancy
dress leap-year german on next Friday even
ing at the Palace Hotel. Miss Nancy Place !
will act us leader, assisted by Mrs. Frank L.
Plattaud Misses Charlotte Gruenhagen and
Mac B. Ludlow. It promises to be one :of the
most successful and brilliant gatherings of the
season.
The younger set, the members of the Alameda
Cotillon Club, will give a leap-year party next
Thursday evening at Harmonic Hall. The
young ladies expect to make the occasion a
memorable one. Miss Florence E. Mason, who
is the manager, will lead the german.
Mrs. H. S. Robertson and Miss Spinney will
give a musicale at their residence, 30 Haw
thorne street, on Rincon Hill, next Thursday
evening. About 100 invitation* have been sent
out. Professor Volmer HofTmeyer and Henry
Be ttman have arranged the programme.
The Ohabai Khalome Auxiliary Association
announces a leap-year domino party -to be
given February 27.
The Young Men's Hebrew Union will cele
brate the coming festival of Purim by giving
their tenth annual prize mask ball on Sunday
evening, February 16, at N. S. G. W. Hall. ,
The pupils and friends of R. K. Love will give
complimentary leap-year dance in his honor
t California Hall next Friday evening.
A fancy dress ball is to be given by the Elks
shortly after Lent. This is an innovation that
was decided upon only Thursday night when
the executive committee of the order held a
special meeting. It is promised that the new
event will have the same artistic excellence
which makes, the annual masquerade of the
Elks an event of the year.
Britannia Lodge No. 7, Daughters of St.
George, will give a leap-year social at St.
George's Club, 317 Mason street, next Tuesday
evening. ■.■ - ;y,.. v■, ■..•;; . ,
The Mystics have issued invitations for their
seventeenth party to be held at the new N. S.
G. W. Hall on Tuesday evening, February 18.
PEESONALB.
Movements of People Who Ar» in the
Swim.
Mrs. Leland Stanford will leave Washington
In a few days for this City.
Gerritt L. Lansing has gone to Santa Barbara
for the benefit of his health.
Mr. and Mrs. John W. Mackay sailed from
France for New York last Wednesday on the
steamer La Touraine with the body of their
dead son.
Isaac L. Requa of Piedmont arrived in Wash
ington, D. C, last Monday.
Mrs. William J. Younger arrived in Paris on
January 15.
Mme. Alphonse Carlt has left unexpectedly
for Paris -with all her children, having been
summoned there by her husband, who is .dan
gerously ill. •
Captain Henry C. Cochrane, U. 8. M. C, who
has been for five and a half years on duty on
the Pacific Coast and as fleet marine officer on
the staff of Rear Admirals Irwin, Walker and
Beardslee, successively, has been detached
from the flagship Philadelphia at San Fran
cisco and ordered to Washington. It is under
stood that he will be assigned to the Naval
War College as a lecturer, also to the command
of the marine barracks at Newport, R. 1., and
forego the leave usually granted to officers re»
turning from a cruise.
Chief Engineer A. L. Broadbent, U.S. R. C.P.,
has been ordered to report to the Treasury De
partment in Washington, D. C.
Mrs. W. B. Wilshire is in Paris sight-seeing
with Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young, J. D. Red
ding and George E. P. Hall.
Mrs. B. W. Paulsen will leave for New York
on the Sunset Limited next Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel T. Murphy have re
turned from a prolonged visit to New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Bouvier have returned
from an Eastern trip.
Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs Bail from
New York for Europe in March.
Mr. and Mrs. William F. Bowers have re
turned from the East and are residing at 800
Sutter street.
Edward M. Greenway has been confined to
his rooms during the past week with a severe
attack, of congestion of the lungs. He is im
proving-, and will possibly pc out in a few days.
General Dickinson, Fish Commissioner Bab
cock and J. P. Dunning of the Associated Press
passed Sunday and Monday last at Casa del
Mar— the clubhouse on Touiales Bay— with a
number of the members. A fine lot of ducks
were bagged, and the visitors were greatly
pleased with the future prospect for both hunt
ing and fishing. General Dickinson intends to
build a steam launch and put it on the bay,
and he and some of his friends will erect a
roomy house about opposite Casa del Mar.
Mrs. G. Wood of Portland, Or., is visiting the
City, and is stopping with relatives at 1412
Larkin street.
Miss Susie A. Denvir has sailed for Honolulu
on a two months' visit.
Jameß J. Jacobs will shortly leave on an ex
tended trip through the Southern and Eastern
States.
Miss Estelle Meyer of Los Angeles is visiting
her sister, Mrs. Emanuel Davis, 2818 Pine
street. At home Tuesdays.
Herbert, the youngest son of Mr. and Mrs.
H. Kramer, was couiirmed yesterday, and a
reception will be held to-day at 1930 Pino
street.
Mrs. M. N. Lettunich and daughter are here
on a visit from Watsonyille.
Mrs. B. W. Paulsen will leave on Tuesday for
New York.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Aldrinh and their son of
Minneapolis are the guests of Mrs. Josepn de
Lauo at 708 Golden Gate avenue.
HISTOKY OF DKESS.
The Philoßophy of Clothes as Seen in
Former Fashions.
The following is an extract from an en
tertaining lecture on dress delivered at
Workingmen's College, London, by Mrs.
Green:
Mrs. Green, in a comprehensive survey,
showed how dress, in respect of materials,
colors, style and ornament, had been af
fected by exploration, conquest, trade, in
cidents of the battlefield, international re
lations, political partisanship, the dif
fusion of wealth, social distinction
and the means of internal com
munication. She pointed out that
behind the strange changes of fashion
there often lay a meaning which made a
curious and interesting history. When
ever there was a great interest in new
Styles of dress some singular prosperity or I
increase in trade had happened to the
country. Before the reformation most
people had very little money, according
to our modern ideas, and they used to
be clad in sober gowns, cut much after
the same pattern. But this was altered
in the time of Elizabeth, when we
began to trade with the East Indies
ami to receive the gold of Peru
nnd the plunder of Spanish dominions.
Men gave up wearing the long gov/ns of
their fathers, and copied the fashions of j
Venice, France or Germany. The ladies i
adopted silk, satin and cloth of gold,
painted their faces and had their hair
"wreathed and crested" and hung with
bugles and many childish gewgaws, but
the piercing of the ears was "not so much
frequented amongst women as men."
i Great ruffs stood out round the heads of
women like "pillars of pride," strength
ened by what the Puritans called "the
devil's liquor, starch." At this period
came in pocket handkerchiefs, silk stock
ings, fans and ostrich feathers. People in
trade be^an to adopt the new finery.
Two hundred years later, when we were
fighting Holland and France, new wealth
again snowed itself in snlenaor and cost
of our rich folk's dresses. Women collected
their clothing from all parts of the earth.
The men were fully as smart, and wore
quite as many bright colors — bows of
riband and silks and satins. Then came
the romantic imitation of humble life and
its simplicity. A wealthy man would
dress like a shepherd and carry a crook,
but that was golden, and his coat
was of velvet and lace. Titled ladies
made themselves into mock milk
maids, in silk frocks covered with dia
monds. Gentlemen wore loose coats called
"wrap rascals'' and gold - laced hats,
slouched in imitation of stage coachmen;
others were mock grooms in dirty boots
and spurs. A pretty fancy in women's
dress at that time, and for hundreds of
years before, was the wearing of aprons as
part of their smartest dress, as the symbol
of the housewifery and dainty qualities of
a capable and well-bred woman. Some
men had their beards starched and put in
pasteboard cases over night. A man ap
peared in St. James Park in a coat loaded
with gilt buttons, skirts long, a scarlet
waistcoat set off witn lace and otherwise
peculiar, and ho was a blacksmith.
At the time of the first French revolu
tion we copied the simplicity of tne French
peasants, and then the flowing lines of
Grecian and Roman dress were copied by
our women, so far as they understood them.
The love of good conduct and morality
affected dress in the cases of the Puritans
and Quakers. The people who from thesß
motives protested againsr extravagance did
not invent new costumes; they simply
held to what was customary in their own
class and time. The Judge's robe and
the clergyman's cassock represented the
old costumes which were once common.
i Living men could remember a
Bishop preaching in a wig, and the
Archbishop of Canterbury wore one at
the Queen's coronation. The clerical
broad-brimmed hat with a low crown was
worn by respectable people 300 years ago.
The falling collars of clergymen and law
yers were common in the time of James
I, and the white bands were survivals
of those collars once worn by all
the laity. Thus the costumes thought
to be odd were the remains of what
was once common. Among these were
powdered hair, the big wig of the coach
man, the parlor maid's cap and apron, the
hats and coats of the beef-eaters at the
Tower, the dress of boys and girls' at char
ity schools, the veil of the nun and the
court dresa of a gentleman, In general,
all were survivals of something that was
once common. There was one motive
which had seldom had cower to affect
dress, and that was the desire to discover
and to wear what was beautiful, and this
was a lasting shame and disgrace to
Europe, for no gift of man was more lofty
than the love of beauty. It might be
hoped that some day when the people
have grown intelligent and cultivated,
they will understand the value of true
beauty, dignity nnd self-respect in dress.—
London Times.
A letter was received recently at the
Chicago postoffice addressed to "Lame
Water." It was sent to Cripple Creek.
THE MARDI GRAS EVENT
Extensive Preparations in Prog
ress for the Fes
tivities.
TO BE A BRILLIANT AFFAIR.
The Executive and General Commit
tees Named at the Mark Hop
kins Institute.
• The pleasant duty of preparing for the
Mardi Gras ball keeps all hands busy at
the Mark Hopkins Institute. According
to the plans adopted, all the guests, afoot
or in carriages, will enter the broad drive
way at the Mason street corner of the in
closure. The cypress hedge on either side
of ihe driveway will bear electric lights.
It will be easy enough for two carriages
to come in abreast, arid when the occu
pants alight, the carriages can drive on,
emerging at the Stanford gate on the other
side of the institute grounds.
An executive committee consisting of
the following has been appointed: James
FAC- SIMILE OF THE INVITATION TO THE MARDI GRAS.
D. Phelan, William Keith, Edward Bosqui,
Louis Sloss Jr., Fred W. ZeiJe, Henry J.
Crocker, Joseph B. Crockett, Arthur
Rodgers, Heniy Ileyman and Horace G.
Piatt.
A general committee consisting of the
following named patrons and patronesses
has been selected :
Mr, and Mrs. Samuel W. Backup, Mrs. Car
oline L. Ashe, C. G. Hooker, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph B. Crockett, Mr. and Mrs. William
Keith, Mr. and Mrs. George H. Howard, Mr. and
Mrs. Uoorge WhittPil, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Klwir, Mrs. John fc>. Ilager, Mr. and Mrs. David
Bixler, Captain 11. L. Howison, D. S. >'
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Redding, Mr. and Mrs. Har
old M. Sewall, Mr. nnd Mrs. Henry J. Crocker,
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Prescott, Dr. and Mrs.
Beverly MaeMonagle, Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Bush,
Mr. and Mrs. Edward E. Potter, Captain and
Mrs. A. U. Payson, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Day,
Mr. and Mrs. Evan J. Coleman, Mr. and
Mrs. Irving M. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
L. Dodge, Major and Mrs. J. A. Darling,
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Zeile, Mr. and Mrs.
E. B. Pond, Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson,
Dr. and Mrs, W. F. McXutt, Mr. and Mrs. Elliott
McAllister, Colonel and Mrs. Q. H. Burton, Dr.
and Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, W. F. Qoad, Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Gibbons Jr., Mrs. Thomas Breeze,
Mr. and Mrs. James A. Rotiinson, Mr. and Mrs.
C. A. Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Head, Mr.
and Mrs. Edwin Gcodall, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. To
bin, Mr. and Mrs. Robert J. Woods, Mr. and
Mrs. George 11. Lent, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Stubbs,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank J. .Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur Rodtters, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Houghton,
Mrs. H. McLean Martin, Mr. and Mrs. H. 11.
Pease, Mr. and Mrs. William M. Girvin,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mr. and Mrs.
William Greer Harrison, Martin Kellogg, Mr.
and Mrs. E. F. Preston, Baron and Baroness J.
NEW TO-DAY.
% $iB^DO^Cioak^ior^so
260 FINE ALL=WOOL CLOAKS, style like cut,
\ %ra/V J a rough and smooth finished cloths, perfectly tai-
/PVo'fvx lored ' some with velvet collars, some braided,
4rtt*%(/\ some plain, silk faced, colors and black. Were
PI W\ $18 or more. DON'T WAIT TOO LONG. $3.50
* Ug&d-Uaa for your pick.
— ; -&£&&¥«<&£-* : : — . _
•v% $12.50 JACKETS for $7.50. 1&& *™ $12.50 FUR CAPES, $7.50. V:.
i^» t3t% FINK BLACK BALTIC SEAL FUR CAPES—
JKftil HANDSOME KERSEY .TACKETS— styIe like i. ■/ eood sweeps, satin linings—^4 inches deep th»»
cut— box front— butlsjns-new sleeves— rip- /*3?Xih» were if la 50 . now •* 50
1 ' pie backs— tan, blue or black. Were 512 60. /r*Ss§BW\ *"* inches, now 99. OO 36'inchea i now SIORO
_ j4^Sl*~. Balancegoat 57.50 y//^E .VS. t>t.,™.'»,~— : ' .•*«»••"»
■ .^^^Y^rX >^V/ B\\ Vs. BLACK FRENCH CONEY FUR CAPES-eood
/rst\^&K\ • WJ I *IVY V ?,"- ce PS-Batin linings-correct Btyles-24 inches
If X l°®»r \ XSfJ 44VV\ «6. 60-27 Inches, 58.50— 30 Inches. 81050
(l V. /A I fit / $20.00 JACKETS for $14.00. vf Mil Vso finest china skal fur cAPEs-ni 8 h iust«
V V//I Si / ■ 3-^wfe'tLF ' —satin-lined— look and wear like real deal—
UaWf ELEGANT LIGHT TAX KERSET JACKET 3 /KvV* s 24 Inches, were 920, now H13.30
Yd I II —style like cut— large pearl buttons— velvet » i 'iN> •*i 27 Inches, now C 115.00
*«_ I "-* collars— fronts— ripple back. Were $20. __^ 30 Inches, now 516.50
M?Miss§s& Unparalleled offering at 8)114.00 . HSZSSIZSIIZISIIIISIIISSZSISSISniZISZZir
■••■■■ ''- ■ ■ ' "'" : ' ti& '■ $7-00 CLOTH CAPES, $3.50.
XT— " ■ J A $7-00 CLOTH CAPES, like cut, double,
|L CHEVIOT CLOTH CAPES, style like cut, double,
-■<£&>' $12.50 BOUCLES for $7.50. f - 2^! n . c . o on. ng v> 1£ :.. w ?. r •. •3 D So
NOBBY BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS-style like «--* <^®< FINE CLOTH CA PES, 24 to 27 Inches long, single
*^««»7 cut— box . front — large buttons— very latest js. jyA or double, trimmed with braid, were $10,
-j/ sleeves— navy or black— this season's most A//. PI \\\ now • • 86 each
_^H^^ stylish garments. Closing price is »7.50 &W; ft it J^ FINE ALL-WOOL CAPES. 24 lnche.
M|fw©^^^ . ■ T^^^C l^^yT deep, braid-trimmed; reduced from $9 to
r : C(^^% keksey OK BOuS*cEstH capesX.
Vcf%lj! IfflmT ' FINEST CURLY ~ BOTJCLE JACKETS— style aWfl^rpT circulars, trimmed with braid navy- or black,
<9^tTmwJ»i like cut— great big buttons— box fronts— ripple «.-. t •■;...'.•"...^ length 27 inches; were $10, now.. .86 Each.
6 Jl>i'i <»ijfTfV " backs— newest sleeves— perfect in every way. ■— — — —^—
Jh^s*lvs*\ to close at once ..Slo.oo ■ • m^ mmmmm Tj^T mmm 1 ™ I™™™™1 ™™™™" >m mmm "™ ma ~~"^~ m
<$> $20.00 PLUSH CAPES, $12:50. Jlffel $22.50 SUITS for $15.00.
*«»» KOBBY VELOUR DU NORD PLUSH CAPES- Not last season's styles-but the very latest ideas
\tW^ style like cut— very full ripple— fur-trimmed— vV^*^^# r • w«.htnn=wn Vrnrv* TArinß Ulno .
J»L braided-beaded-silk-ilned. First of season >&?l?ii in Fashionable I rooks — TAILOR MADE
/rv&*^\ price $20. Middle of season quick-selling j?*&ipffl ->;■'- SERGE DRESSES— box coats, like cut— new
■ : Jj \\ \\ price 0n1y............. •12.50, M /, r'XJ collars, sleeves and back— big wide skirts stiff-
£Mhsk $15.00 PLUSH CAPES, $9.00. , SSBMk ened throughout-perfect in every particular,
'• • M£/(QQiP?'H"j&I " --i '* '^' . iff ,^|V with months ahead to wear them In— s22 50
-^S3l^~P SHORT SILK PLUSH CAPES-very full sweep- fc^^^A.V worth for only SIX nn
■^rdSlfflHK^-' ' > sllk-lined-fur-trimmed-bralded. instead of £llf^^A wortn lor cmiy 815.00
J^^^ - *15 take your choice at... 89.00 J3l'f^^Wk\
The Winter Clearance Sale Mark=Downs
Include every garment in our establishment. Prices cannot be matched elsewhere. Plain figures on
all goods. Satisfaction guaranteed country orders. Send orders quick, and money with them.
'' : ' ■ ■■' ..-.•— — ■ -ss®-O-(®^- '— — ...,,/,',. ;■ ■ ,
cloak: .A.3>arx> suit house,
12OKeaxny Street.
H. yon Sehroedor, Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Earl, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas B. Bishop, Mr. and Mrs.
\anaerlynn Stow, Mr. and Mrs. L. S. B. Sawyer,
Mrs. Isaac N. Walter, Mr. and Mrs. £. W. Hop
kins, Jacob C. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Oxnard, Mr. and Mrs. Willinm G. Stafford. Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Hunt
lngton, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred L. Tubbs Mr. and
Mrs. W. Alvord, Colonel Charles F. Crocker,
Major and Mrs. J. L. Rathbone, Mr. and Mrs.
Adam Grant, Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Bigelow, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Van Ness,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Cunningham, Mr. and Mrs.
John I. Sabin, Mr. aud Mrs. A. A. Watkins,
General James W. Forsyth, Frederick R Web
ster, Mrs. Peter Donahue, Judge and Mrs. W.
W. Morrow, Mr. and Mrs. Amedee JoulUn,
Judge and Mrs. Joseph McKenna, Mr. and Mrs.
Horace Davis, Gordon Islanding, Mr. and Mrs
Kruttschnitt, Mr. and Mrs. William M. Bun
ker, Mr. and Mrs. J. 08. Gunn, Mr. and Mrs.
CTius Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Bruguiere,
G< orge T. Bromley.
From the foregoing general committee
there will be sub-committees on tickets
and invitations, reception, decoration,
music, floor and vise. All of the com
mittees will be publicly announced in due
time except the last mentioned. The
event will occur Tuesday, February 18
1896.
A GENTLEMANLY PROFESSION.
The Advice Given by an English Busi
ness Man.
A city man was lately asked to recom
mend a nice gentlemanly profession in
which a quick fortune could be made with
out risk. He replied that he knew of only
two such professions, and they were both
rather hard to get into. They were tne
professions of Kafir millionaires and
American railroad organizers'. The . Kafir
millionaire is not entirely unknown to our
readers, but perhaps they are not so well
acquainted with the railroad reorganizes
His native habitat is New York, and he
is only to be seen in London as a bird of
passage. He may honor us with his com
pany for a few days when on his way to
the Riviera or the Upper Nile, but he
would be making himself too cheap if he
were to recognize such a thing as business
when he "had only run over for a short
holiday." His wore here is done vicari
ously through sympathetic agents or pub
lic-spirited committees. He has also com
mittees in New York, and nowadays he
finds it necessary to have syndicates and
underwriters as well.
A playful professional fiction assumes
that these committees have been elected
by the reorganized bond and stock holders
.to protect their interests. Another pleas
ant illusion gives the syndicates and tne
underwriters credit for stepping into the
deadly breach to save the reorganization
scheme from imminent peril. And they
have to be paid accordingly, or, in pro
fessional phraseology, "compensated." —
Saturday Review.
OOffVEBSATION AT MEALS.
It Undoubtedly Acts at »n Aid to
Digestion.
A writer in the Speaker of London calls
attention to the value of conversation at
meals as an aid to digestion. He says with
truth that the frugal repast eaten in silence
is more harmful than a copious one en
joyed in the society of gay and vivacious
companions. He asserts that an English
dinner is as a rule a funereal rite of taci
turnity, and that his countrymen reserve
all of this talk for the political platform and
Sessions of Parliament. The writer in the
Speaker contrasts this habit of tbe English
with that of Americans and Frenchmen,
who he maintains are loquacious at meals.
So far as the latter are concerned he is cor
rect, but his assertion in regard to tha
former is only partly true.
To those who have given attention to
the subject the habit of our people who
take their ireals at hotels or more notable
restaurants is, during their repasts, one of
timid hesitation in indulging in conversa
tion. Men and women seated at the same
table are more than sparing of words.
Each separate group appears to be op
pressed with fear of the others. Oblique
looks and an occasional sentence uttered
in low tones take the place of animated
talk. Those who are eating have an air of
furtive apprehensiveness. The writer in
the Speaker has probably drawn his con
clusions in regard to the vivacity of Amer
icans at meals from experience at minor
French and other foreign restaurants in
this country. In those the funereal
taciturnity that oppresses our men and
women who take their meals at preten
tious establishments collapses under the
inspiration of example and unconven
tional environment, and with almost
boisterous gayety they give free impulse to
a natural love of conversation.
SCOTCH DISHES.
Those That Were Once National Hare
Disappeared.
Dr. Johnson never tired of ridiculing th 9
gastronomic methods, if that term can be
applied to them, of the Scotch. One hun
dred and thirty years have effected a great
change in the alimentary processes of that
race. A writer in an article in the New
Review calls attention to the rapid if not
total disappearance of most of the national
dishes of Scotland. Tartan, pansowdie,
scsdlios, brochan and drammock are gone.
Even haggis, an awful concoction, consist
ing of a minced leg of mutton, suet, bread
crumbs, spices, mushrooms- and red wine,
inclosed in a can and baked in a quick
oven, is becoming a thine of the past.
Moreover, it is a dangerous diah, for if
the caul be not well pricked before
being put to cook, to admit of the escape
of steam engendered in baking when
punctured at the table, it 13 apt to explode
and throw its contents over the diners, a
matter of small inconvenience to some
Scotchmen, but somewhat disheartening
to visitors from over the border. Carlyle,
a Scotchman of the old school, even after
a long residence in London, always clung
to the culinary processes of Scotland. The
meals served at his house in Cheyne row
are described as awful examples of old
Scotch gastronomic methods. No cook
would remain with him for any length of
time, and the revelations of these func
tionaries when they left his employ ap
palled even natives of his own land. Car
lyle thought he knew something of cook
ery. A rice pudding, however, that he fre
l quently corcocted v/as the cause of many
! estrangements between his friends and
I himself.
Tailors in Spain earn |4 90 a week, in
Italy $4, in Eneland $7 40.A FORMIDABLE
Coast-Detender.
TWENT Y-TWO years ago the keel
of the iron, low-freeboard coast
defense monitor Monadnock was
laid at Mare Island Navy-yard.
Twenty-two years in the process
of building is a very long time. One
would imagine that in a couple of decades
the Government works at the door of
YalJejo ought to have turned out a dozen
monitors complete. But the cause of the
delay was not local, and if the controversy
over the Venezuelan question had not as
sumed a portentous aspect it is quite pos
sible that the new Monadnock would be
receiving its finishing touches toward the
tailend of the year, instead of being made
ready to go into commission during the
early part of March.
If the appearance of a war cloud on the
Nation's usually clear ana peaceful sky
ehall result in the extension or material
strengthening of our coast defenses and
the speedy upbuilding of our navy, it will
be a blessing that the ominous shadow
arose. Thus the safeguards of the future
will be in a measure the offspring of the
grim warnings of to-day.
While not taking any exception to the
old proverb about the dangers of delay,
there is something interesting in the ob
servation that delays have been decidedly
beneficial to thp Monadnock. In fact de
lays have invited improvement; delays
Lave given opportunities for more numer
ous inspections of even the minutest de
tails; delays have been the means of
bringing about action on new and valu
able suggestions; delays have permitted
more thorough tests to be made, impor
tant changes to be introduced and desir
able alterations to be effected. The not
able benefit is that the sleeping compart
ments are better arranged «nd more com
fortable (the ventilation being more
nearly perfect) than in any other naval
crift that afloats. Besides airshafts she
will have six steam blowers and one elec
trical blower.
When the Monadnock goes into com
mission and steams out to pay her com
pliments to the great white squadron, the
men who walk her decks may proudly
boast that she is the neatest and com
tletest vessel of her size and kiud that
ever cleaved the water.
On Friday the last of her big guns was
placed in position in the after turret.
Inside of a month, if the weather permits,
the will be in readiness for her captain and
crew. Bhe is now being painted and
polished and will shortly be furnished.
The Monadnock is, in every way, a model
boat of the monitor type. She has two
barbette turrets and one military mast.
The drawings presented in The Call to
day are the first to be published and afford
an excellent idea of the general dimen
sions and appointments of the new boat.
The length of the Monadnock's water
line is 259 feet 6 inches and her extreme
breadth is 55 feet 6 inches. Her mean
draft is 14 feet 6 inches, and she has a dis
placement ot 3990 tons. She is supplied
with a twin-screw horizontal triple expan
sion engine, and her maximum indicated
horsepower is 3000. It is calculated that
she will have a speed of 14.5 knots per
hour. Her normal coal supply is 2.30 tons,
and this also is the capacity of her bunk-
THE COAST DEFENSE MONITOR MONADNOCK READY FOR SERVICE.
[From a sketch viade by a "Call" artist.]
ers. Her maximum draft aft at the lowest
point of the keel, when thu ship is ready
for sea and her bunkers fuil, is 14 feet 7>£
inches.
The batteries of the Monadnock are very
formidable. Complete, she has four of the
very latest and most approved 10-inch
guns. Each of these guns is 28 feet long
and each of them weighs 28 tons, a ton of
steel to every linear foot. Two of these !
guns are placed in each of the revolving j
turrets, and these guns can hurl missiles
of destruction nine miles.
ONE OF THE 28-TON GUNS RtiDY TO BE PUT ON BOARD.
[From a photograph, made for "The Call."]
The auxiliary guns consist of two 6
pounder rim-fires, two 3-pounder rim
fires, two 37-millimetre Hotchkiss re
volving cannon and two Gatling guns.
As to the armor, the side plates of the
vessel vary from 9to 5 inches, turrets 7%
inches, barbettes ll]4 inches, and her pro
tective deck has a layer of 1% inches of
steel.
Her complement will consist of twen
ty-six officers and 145 men.
The last closing plale of the side armor
was received in May, 1895, and about the
LONQITUDINALi SECTION OB 1 THE MONADNOOK.
[from the Plan of the Chief of Construction.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
same time the last turret armor arrived at
Mare Island. It was expected that the
vessel would have been ready for sea last
November, but transfers of men rendered
the navy-yard shorthanded, and hence I
the continuance. Captain Sumner will
have command and will arrive from the
East some time in February.
The newly completed Monadnock, of
] course, is not the first of her name, but the
I successor of the ironclad of that name.
I which was the first vessel of her class to
i make the passage from the Atlantic into
I the Pacific.
Monitors were never designed for cruis
i ing purposes, but for harbor defense and
j operations upon the coast of the United
I States. Owing to the foundering of the
! original Monitor off Cape Hatteras and
j another of these vessels in the blockade off
j Charleston, an impression prevailed that
' they could not be sent with safety outside
the harbors in which they were con
structed. To dispel this false impres
sion the Secretary of the Navy de
cided, among other things, to send tae
Monadnock, via the Straits of Magellan, to
California.
The Monadnook. after navigating the
Atlantic and Pacific, reached this port in
safety, and was then placed in ordinary at
Mare Island. Her wooden hull decayed
and hardly ten years had passed from the
time she left the East when she was
stripped, and the best of her machinery
was placed in her successor, the Monad
nock 1 of to-day.
Under command of Lieutenant-Com
mander Francis M. Bunce, at present rear
admiral, the old Monadnock sailed from
Hampton Roads, Virginia, November 2,
1865, in company with the Vanderbilt and
Powhattan, paddle-wheel steamers, and
the Tuscarora, a screw-ship. Arrived at
St. Thomas, in the West Indies, Novem
ber 11, her ability to go anywhere on the
sea was already established, and from that
port to her Western destination only the
Vanderbilt accompanied her. She stopped
at Rio Janeiro and was visited and ad
mired by Dora Pedro 11, the emperor.
"The passage through the Straits of
Magellan and Sarmiento Channel to the
Gulf of Penar." writes her commander,
"presented no difficulties which were not
easily overcome. I feared, in passing
through the narrow places and abrupt
turnings, the lengtn of the ship would
give trouble, but in practice found none
whatever."
On April 25, 1866, the Monadnock ar
rived at Callao, Peru, and on May 13 at
Panama, and after one stop in Mexico, ar
rived in San Francisco on June 22.
The reports of officers with reference to
the trip of the old Monadnock are valuable
as showing that vessels of this type are
capable of doing even cruiser service. It
must be noted, too, tbat the Monadnock's
successor and namesake is an incompar
able improvement on the old craft in every
particular and, therefore, whatever was
said in commendation of the old monitor's
qualities may be averred with manifold
meaning of the new vessel.
The following appears in the report of
Commodore Kodgers of June 28, 1866:
"I have the honor to announce the safe
arrival of the Vanderbilt and the Monad
nock at the navy-yard, Mare Island. The
Monadnock found no weather on her
voyage from Philadelphia to San Fran
cisco which seemed to touch the limit of
her sea-going qualities. The engines have
performed as satisfactorily as the hull and
have arrived in complete order. The sue- I
cess of the voyage amply vindicated the
judgment of the department in undertak
ing it, and the hopes of the most sanguine
of monitor people are fulfilled in this
crucial experiment."
Captain Bunce, in his report, said :
"During the passage of this ship from
Philadelphia to San Francisco the Monad
nock has run by log 15,385 knots. Her
average speed has been 6.32 knots. Tne |
engines have been run about sixty revolu
tions per minute, that being the point I
judged to be the most economical in fuel
and in wear and tear of machinery. Not
a single piece of the spare machinery has
been used, and the engines are all now in
good working order. They nave been able
to perform all the work demanded of them.
"In her present condition she is as per
fectly safe and trustworthy for cruising in
in any part of the world as a vessel can be
relying on steam alone for its motive
power, and twice as safe as most steamers,
for she hay two independent pairs of steam
engines, either of which is sufficient to
keep the ship under control in any
weather, and to propel her in ordinary
conditions of wind and sea five knots an
hour. At sea she has never needed or re
ceived assistance of any kind whatever
from other vessels, and therefore I regard
her or any vessel of her class as a thor
oughly competent, independent cruiser."
And such was the successful voyage of
the first turreted vessel from the Atlantic
to the Pacific coast.
To-day in one of the machine-shops at
the Mare Island Navy-yard there is hung
up as a momento of the original Monad
nock a catamaran that was kept when the
old vessel was torn to pieces. The sailors
have quite a veneration for the old raft.
It speaks to th';m of times that are grow
ing dim to the memories of the old. tars
who carry under their caps some history
of experience in the war that shook the
foundations of the Republic. It seems to
say to them: "I am all that is left of the
good old Monadnock, but I shall own
som© s little part of whatever fame shall be
achieved by the iron boat, with her match
less guns, that sits more gracefully than
the monitor whose name she bears, in the
waters that saw me dragged from the old
Monadnock ere she gave name and place
to the vessel that is destined to be the
island's glory and pride."
NAMES OF OUE SHIPS.
How Christening Honors Are Scattered
Among the States and Towns.
The selection of the name Kentucky by
Secretary Herbert for the Kearsarge's
mate is admitted to be admirable, even by
those whose States were candidates for the
honor of this naval christening. It has a
double value, indeed, for it also secures
the explanatorj' alliteration which is some
times aimed at in other navies for sister
ships, as for example, in the British "M"
class. But its chief merit is that it awards
the honor to a State that did not have any
representation in the nomenclature of our
new fleet.
Maine and Texas, under the happy
choice of Secretary Whitney of the two
outermost States on our Atlantic coast
line, led off with the new battle-ship 3;
Indiana, Massachusetts, Oregon and lowa
followed. New Hampshire, Vermont and
Minnesota are still represented by receiv
ing or naval reserve ships, and the Mich
igan is on the lakes, while Tennessee and
Ohio were only a few years ago on the list.
Again, many States are to some extent
favored by having the names of noted
cities chosen for cruisers and gunboats.
Thus the Empire S tate has the New York
and the Brooklyn, California the San Fran
cisco and the Monterey. Massacliusptts the
Boston, the Marblehead and the Concord,
besides the old monitors Nahant and Nan
tucket; Vermont the Bennington, Georgia
the Atlanta, Illinois the Chicago, New
Jersey the Newark, Connecticut the Hart
ford, Maryland the Baltimore, Washing
ton the OJympia, North Carolina the Ra
leigh, South Carolina the Charleston,
Pennsylvania the Philadelphia, Ohio the
Cincinnati, Alabama the Montgomery,
Minnesota the Minneapolis, Michigan the
Detroit. Virginia the Yorktown, Tennessee
the Nashville, Maine the Machias and the
Castine, Montana the Helena, Delaware
the Wilmington. From this point of view
it becomes still clearer why Kentucky,
which has no town of hers thus honored,
should give her name to a battle-ship.
There is no doubt that the statute, dat
ing back many years, which prescribed
that first rates in the navy should be
named after States and smaller ones after
rivers, cities and towns and so on, was
sound in principle. It originated as far
back as 1819, and when it was amended in
1858 its essential basis was maintained.
Only a few weeks ago an English service
paper, noting the interest shown by Amer
ican cities in vessels named after them,
suggested that the practice might well be
adopted in that country in order to stimu
late naval interest in the great inland
towns.
The fidelity with which our rule has
been followed in respect to the States
throws into the hroadest relief the special
honor done to the famous old Kearsarge
by perpetuating her name on a battle-ship
through the special action of Congress.
Probably this is the only exception, too,
that will be made, since the only other ves
sels that would be likely to share such
honors, the Hartford and the Constitution,
are still in existence, and the sad fate of
the Kearsarge will probably cause the
greatest care to be taken that any practi
cal use of tnem may be subordinated to
safety. For this reason the project of fit
ting up the Constitution for sea service,
with a modern battery, at an expense
which would furnish a first-class new steel
gunboat, may never be carried out.
Very soon other States and towns will
be candidates again for naming vessels.
There are six gunboats now building, and
Congress is likely to authorize two, if not
three or four, new battle-ships at the pres
ent session. The battle-ships, at least, are
PLACING A GUN IN THE AFTER TURRET.
[From a ■photojraph taken for " The "Call."]
likely enough to have their names se
lected, as in the case of the Kearsage and
the Kentucky, not long after the contracts
for them are awarded.— New York Sun.
• — ♦ — •»
IMPORTANCE OF BOAT DRILL.
Bad Results of Neglecting an Old Naval
Exercise.
The disaster to H. 3a. S. Acorn on the
southeast coast of America, following so
soon after the still more distressing acci
dent to the boat, of the Edgar off the coast
of Korea, induces us to call attention to
the comparative absence of boat drills in
the navy nowadays. In harbors and road
steads steam launches and pinnaces do so
much of the work that it is seldom one
hears the boatswain's calls, "Away first
cutter," "Away second cutter."
The captain s gig is the one rowing or
sailing boat that is kept pretty frequently
going. So, after the "young gentlemen' 1
leave the Britannia, they have little
enough opportunity of handling boats
under sail, and there is so much to be done
in mechanical work aboard that boat that
drill for the crews are, though not a thing
of the past by any means, but far less
usual than it was ere steam superseded
sails. This is a pity, for more reasons than
one.
The command of a boat was a fine way
of bringing out any smartness a budding
officer had. As Lord Charles Beresford
used to say, it accustoms the youngster to
command and to take responsibility, for
when his boat is once clear of the ship he
is as much her captain as the officer whose
pennant flies from the truck is his cap
tain. Then again boat exercise tends to
keep up in the crews that peculiar handi
ness which used to give bluejackets their
unequaled versatility.
In floating batteries or factories such as
are most of our ships at the present day
there is little opportunity of becoming a
handy-man. Indeed, a sailor man need
not know very much more than a marine,
and the reason for keeping sailors and
marines as classes apart seems to bn dim
inishing yearly. We hope the Admiralty,
spurred by the two sad accidents we have
referred to, will insist on more attention
being given to boat drill, especially under
sail. — London Chronicle.
FEW GEUEEALS LEFT.
The Next War Must Come Soon for Them
to Be Available.
The action of the Senate in removing the
disabilities of ex-Confederates to serve in
the army of the United States was right
and not too hasty. The time, however, is
passed when the action of Congress can
add to the strength, of the army to any
thing like the extent that it would have
done had there been occasion for the serv
ices of ex-Confederates years ago.
The man who was 21 at the outbreak
of the war is now 56 years of age. The
rank and rile are generally made up of
young men or those of earlier middle age.
With officers the case is different, and
especially so with those of high rank.
Many of the best officers are well advanced
in life, and the policy of retiring our
generals at 64 years of age is far from com
manding general assent.
At ail events, there are eight years
of activity between 56 and 64, and
and in the event of war the law could
easily be modified if necessary. The pass
age of the bill to remove disabilities, there
fore, might restore to the service some of
the generals who wore the gray during the
rebellion. But alas! how depleted are
their ranks!
Lee has been dead for a quarter of a cen
tury, and, if living, would be a very old
man. Joe Johnston is also gone, though
not until recently. Kirby Smith also has
recently gone over to the majority, and
the same may be said of Beauregai'd and
others, who at one time held important
commands.
There are still half a dozen or more
lieutenant-generals of the Confederacy
left, including General Buckner of Ken
tucky, General Gordon and General Long
street of Georgia and General Wheeler of
Alabama, and the number of major-gen
erals and brigadier-generals left is very
considerable. Undoubtedly there are
among these many whose learning and ex
perience would be of great service to the
country and there are some who are yet
within the age of 64 years.
It is to be noted that all of the most con
spicuous figures on the Union side are also
gone. Grant and Sherman, Sheridan,
Thomas, Hancock, Meade, Logan and
many more are gone. There are left of
course many generals that rendered valu
able and even distinguished service, but
the great leaders on either side are no
longer with us. Most of the best-known
survivors are old and unlikely to hold any
important commands — at least for any
length of time after the outbreak of hos
tilities.
What, then, should we do for generals in
the event of the outbreak of war? The
probability is that the men for the occa
sion wouid speedily be developed. There
are scores of obscure men throughout the
country that a war would render famous,
and some of them illustrious. In 1861,
who supposed that the deroof the war was
idling away his time at Galena, 111. ? Who
could imagine that one of the foremost
champions of that *hich pxoved the losing
side was teaching a military school in Vir
ginia? In point of fact, th« generals of
the war for the most part served in a sub
ordinate capacity during the war with
Mexico, entered the army after that war,
or came from civil lffe. Only thirteen
years elapsed between the peace of Guada
loupe Hidalgo and the Civil War, and yet
our general officers in the latter were
nearly all new to that rank. Thirty years
and more have elapsed since the close of
the civil war, and nearly thirty-one classes
have been graduated at West Point. It is
hard to estimate the possibilities among
these men, but there ought to be some
military genius among them.
Few people will doubt that among our
population we have men enough who are
capable of leading armies and winning
victories. But it does not follow that we
shall discover at once the proper men for
the chief command or for the most re
sponsible subordinate positions. It not un
frequently happens in war that the discov
ery of the proper men to lead armies ia
only made by the disaereeable process of
passing through a series of disastrous de
feats. This was particularly noticeable in
the East during the Civil War, three
fourths of which was over before a com
mander was found that could lead the
Union forces to victory. General after
general had previously been put in com
mand of that army, had entered upon the
task assigned amid the acclamations of
the press and people and had disastrously
failed. It does not follow that this un
pleasant experience would be repeated in
the event of another war, but, of course, it
might be. There is at least comfort in the
reflection that England is more nearly
destitute of skillful generals than we are.
The Vikings were Northmen, \»ho in
fested the European seas in the eighth,
ninth and tenth centuries. They were
generally the sons of Northern Kings,
who betook themselves to piracy as a
moans of becoming distineuished and of
obtaining an independent command.
NEW TO-DAT.
iwls
Winter
Clearance
Sale
BEFORE STOCK-TAKING.
CLOAKS!
Great Reductions in Jackets
and Capes to close out our winter
stock.
JACKETS Reduced to.. 84.
JACKETS Reduced to.. 56.00
JACKETS Reduced to. $ 7. 50
JACKETS Reduced to.. S 1 0.00
JACKETS Reduced to. .$ I 2.00
CAPES Reduced t0. .. 56.50
CAPES Reduced t0... 58.50
CAPES Reduced t0... 59.00
CAPES Reduced t0... SI 0.00
These garments were sold previous
to sale $12 to $80. /
Also, Large Reductions in FUR
CAPES. _
SE HABLA ESPANOI*
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.
The most certain and safe rain Remedy. Instantly .
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sore I
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Foflamman
tlons. 50c per bottle. -' sold by .Druggists.
1920
©fee <*,»„* <$dl
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
r»!ly and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Tally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . 6.00
Tally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Telly and Sunday Cali., three months by mall 1.50
I ally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
feunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICES
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
ftlepbone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
650 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
f :8O o'clock.
S?f> Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 I.arkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
trill 9 o'clock.
£.518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
ilts JNluili street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICe :
60S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent. .
SDyDAY JANUARY 26, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
They say England is isolated, but she
seems to be crowded.
Sarah Berntiardt says the prevailing bell
skirts are horrid, but then Sarah has ceased
to be a belle.
So long as the rain reigns there is no
way of reining it, but you can arraign the
Weather Bureau.
The tree of life has new leaves at every
new era, but always produces the same
old chestnut crop.
Every civilized nation sympathizes with
Armenia enough to ask some other nation
to go and help her.
Some people sing "Wait tili the clouds
roll by,'' and others shout the chorus,
"Push dem clouds away."
The Senate evidently intends to save the
emergency bills for the next emergency,
and will keep them in cold storage.
War flurries are not very rational thines,
but they break the monotony of life and
give a new interest to old problems.
The speeches in the Senate in favor of
Armenia are eloquent, but a couple of war
ships in tue Dardanelles would mean more.
The blizzard season has begun in the
East and every sauare mile on the other
fide of the Rockies seems to be a storm
center.
There may be in Congress at this time a
man eloquent enough to be called an
orator, but if so he hasn't lived up to cis
call::.
The new Senators from Utah declare
themselves in favor of free coinage and a
1 igh tariff, and the Greater West is with
them on botfi planks.
There comes from the Democratic camp
a confused murmur as if some of them had
woke up and beprun to talk about candi
dates for the Presidency.
It is now asserted that Russia and Tur
key have not made a treaty, but "have ar
rived at an understanding." In the lan
guage of diplomacy everything goes.
In Dean Hole's book, "A Little Journal
in America," there is no mention of Bos
ton, and, strange to say, no one discovered j
the fact except the Bostonians themselves. '
Society writers in the East say that
skating is the fashionable recreation for
the New York Four Hundred this winter, l
fo Truckee put us right in at the head of
the procession.
In writing up their winter festival as a !
•'Karnival" the St. Paul people may have !
intended a novelty, but the world will
think a blizzard struck them and gave
them a bad spell.
We may as well be prepared for a heavy
immigration of old bachelors from Texas,
as there is a proposition down there to
mak« ail of them over 30 years of age pay i
a tax of $50 per annum.
• ■
-As a result of the Wilson tariff the
woolen factories of Bradford, England, are
forced to work overtime to fill orders, while ,
many an American factory is taking it
easy and not working at all.
In all dealings with American countries
European nations will understand after
this that the Monroe doctrine occupies the
middle of the road and while there may be :
a way ot getting around it nobody can :
run over it.
The Bultan reiterates his decree that the
Ked Cross Society shall not distribute re- j
lief among the Armenians, but concedes j
that he will permit individuals to do so,
and thus does the Sultan step aside to let
Miss Barton pass.
In the enforcement of the anti-trust law
and the prosecution of the claim of the
Government against the Pacific railroads,
Attorney-General Harmon has as good
chances to come to the front as any other
member of the Cabinet.
A Buffalo firm is reported to have con- I
tracted to supply an omnibus and cab i
company in London with 6000 horses, to j
be shipped during the present year, so it '
will be seen that the bicycle has not killed '
the horse industry yet.
In deciding to hold its sessions and take
evidence in secret, the Venezuelan Com- |
mission has committed a big mistake. It !
will not have the support of public opinion
unless the public knows wnat it is doing
and has something to base an opinion on.
Recently published statistics disclose
that women are increasing more rapidly
than men in Massachusetts and men more
rapidly than women in Sew York. This
condition of affairs has led to many in
genious speculations by social philoso
phers, but the only safe conclusion to be
drawn from it is that if the tendency con
tinues the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion will have to. deal with matrimony as
well as railroads.
It is reported that the presidents and
professors of a score or more colleges in
the Lake States recently applied for rail
road passes from roads running into Chi
cago, giving as a reason for the request
that they were able to influence students
and parties that accompany college teams
and clubs in the choice of a route to and
from Chicago. The passes were refused
and if college presidents of the Chicago
region teach the young idea how to ride
they will teach it to stick to the bicycle.
INTELLIGENT REFORM.
In the frequency with which the Su
preme and Superior courts of California
have felt constrained to declare uncon
stitutional recent legislation having the
reform of various evils for its object there
lies a lesson to reformers and other good
intending persons which they would do
well to heed. The vice which the courts
! have with increasing clearness and em
: phasis pointed out in such enactments is
; that they are special and local legislation
upon subjects concerning which the con
; stitution expressly inhibits special ana
local laws.
The recent decision against the validity
I of the statute creating a new Board of
j Election Commissioners for San Francisco
' is a good example of this forbidden form
i of legislation, and the primary election
| law bids fair to furnish another and even
j better one. Both are supposed to be the
: offspring of reformers and the petted
: children of virtuous citizens, whose sole
ambition was for the public weal. In both it
i was undertaken to frame regulations in the
! method of exercising the elective franchise
I which should be confined in their opera
tion to a limited portion of the people of
the State. One of these laws has already
failed because of this limitation upon the
sphere of its operation, and the other one
is in danger of an equal fate. It seems to
be a most timely suggestion to make to re
! formers that they consider the cause of
j these failures in its full magnitude before
' they again attempt legislation which may
i founder upon similar shoals.
The constitution of California declares
j that laws of a general nature shall have a
| uniform operation thougbout the State.
It also provides that the Legislature must
not pass local laws, or special laws for the
regulation of elections, or appointment of
! election officers, "or in any other case when
; a general law may be made applica
i ble." The Federal constitution expressly
j prohibits both the general and the
State governments from enacting any
thing which, in its effect, denies to the
citizen "equal protection of the laws."
This latter phrase a most eminent jurist
has construed to mean nothing more or
less than the "protection of equal laws,"
j This idea, so stated, will be seen to em
brace within its meaning what has been
set forth more in detail in our State con
stitution, and to embody a great principle
!of liberty which no legislation, even
: though it be robed in the spotless mantle
I of reform, ought to be permitted to in-
I vade.
The last two Legislatures which have
' convened in California have been more
than usually earnest in their effort to
; promote reforms of various sorts in State
and local affairs. That this is a most com
mendable trait in legislators no one will
| question, nor will any honest-minded
: person be disposed to criticize the ani
! mus of those who by united action
impel law-makers to attempt reforms.
i The next Legislature will doubt
! less receive from the constantly
Quickening moral pulses of our peode
many suggestions of most salutary laws
j for the correction of those evils which
j have been vainly assailed by void enact
i ments. It is most sincerely to be
hoped, and most devoutly desired,
that those who next essay to re
form rampant evils in our social
and political systems will find time, at
i least, occas ionally, in the pauses of their
I pious projects, to glance at the constitu
; tion and reason out the depth of mean
i ing therein of those canons of liberty
which forbid special legislation, and guar
antee alike to citizens and to sections
j "the protection of equal laws."
A TEAR OP FESTIVALS.
San Francisco, the leading city of Cali
fornia, is the only one that is not contem
plating or making active preparations for
some kind of popular festival during the
present year. It is not because the resi
dents do not like that sort of pleasure.
Let Oakland announce a festival of flowers,
or Truckee an ice carnival, or Belvedere a
grand summer-night illumination, and
San Franciscans turn out in thousands to
participate. Nor is it because there is a
fatal lack of co-operation, for the "smart
set" has shown us what brilliant results
it can achieve in the way of a horse show,
San Francisco being the only horse-show
rival in this country that New York is
willing to acknowledge.
It seems merely to have been an accident
that a grand festival has not been started.
American cities have queer individualities
in this regard, and San Francisco should
be able to produce something unique. The
most elaborate and costly annual spec
tacle in the world js the Mardi Gras cele
bration of New Orleans. In character it is
wholly different from the celebration of
this feast day in the Italian cities, because
it is under the direction of secret societies
maintained solely for that purpose, and
they are composed of the wealthiest and
most public-spirited citizens. The fact
that it happens to be the feast day of one
or two religious bodies cuts no figure what
ever with the promoters of its celebration
in New Orleans, as the fostering societies
are composed of persons of all religious
faiths. The average annual influx of stran
gers to witness this gorgeous pageant and
enjoy the accompanying festivities is
25.000.
San Francisco has more reasons for hav
ing an annual spectacular festival than
any other city in the Union. Above all
other things it would organize the people,
and the spirit thus born would grow and
expand and in time would exert its ener
gies in many useful ways. It would culti
vate a spirit of civic pride so greatly needed,
and with that would come a solution of
the problems which hamper our com
merce, keep dawn a proper co-operation
between the City and the rest of the State,
permit injurious interests to control our
municipal politics and lead us to neglect
the improvement of our thoroughfares.
We hope that what are termed "our best
people" will come to see the value of such
a movement and will set it on foot. It
needs to be in the hands of those of means,
taste and energy, and they should regard
it purely as a manifestation of their public
spirit. The festival might come in the
shape of Olympian caraes, which could be
made to last a considerable time each
year and which would bring lovers of fine
sports from all parts of the world. And
there is no reason why such an enterprise
may not be made approximately self-sus
taining while accomplishing all the other
results within its reach.
GEEAT STOEMS COMPAEED.
We have been enjoying in California
what we are pleased to term "the greatest
storm since the winter of 1889-90." Indeed,
it has been a considerable storm for these
parts. The rainfall has been heavy;
plowing has been delayed, and the farmers
are anxious to put in their crops for the
ensuing season. In a few places minor
bridges have been strained, the railroad
track has been damaged and some acres
have been overflowed by the breaking of
levees. In compensation for these dam
ages all the cattle and sheep ranges are
sending forth abundant nutritious grass,
and that means millions of dollars. The
orchard lands have been so thoroughly
soaked that all fear of harm for the rest of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
the season has disappeared, and that as
sures a splendid harvest for all kinds of
fmits. And the mountains have been
filled with snow, which will be melted and
given out gradually to the valleys below,
where it will be useful in many ways.
The storm has been in the form of rain,
which is as pleasant as an Eastern spring
shower. It has not rained all the time,
for the sun has shone brightly as much as
it has been obscured. The market is filled
with early peas, early potatoes and the
like, and rosebushes everywhere are rapidly
coming into bloom. We have had no
fierce blizzard to stop work and bring suf
fering to the poor. Not a flake of snow
has fallen in all the broad plains. Not a
touch of frost has appeared along the
coast, and in the interior it bas not been
sufficiently heavy to kill geranium 3or
oranges. And yet we call this a great
storm, and are beginning to growl because
it has delayed plowing a few days.
They ar.e having another kind of storm
on the Atlantic seaboard. New York is
reveling in a 40 ; mile wind which uproots
trees and overturns fences. The streets of
Portsmouth, N. H., are impassable, and
telephone lines are down. Connecticut
has a 60-mile hurricane which nearly top
ples railroad trains from their tracks and
frightens passengers out of their wits.
Massachusetts is hourly awaiting news of
frightful disasters both from land and sea.
lowa, Eastern Kansas and Missouri are
crouching under a terrific blizzard which
threatens railway traffic and covers the
ground with snow.
Perhaps in the «ood time coming the
people of this country will understand the
value of the difference existing between
Eastern and California storms; what it
means to physical comfort, to health and
longevity, to t:ie efficiency of human effort
ana to all that is best, most wholesome
and most pleasurable in life. Where the
Eastern storm is a menace the California
storm is an invitation. And the best of it
is that for nine months in the year a storm
is impossible here.
PAOIPIO UNIVERSITY.
The complications that for years past
have involved the affairs of the Methodist
colleges in California have been untangled
at last. It has been decided to consolidate
the college at Napa with that of San Jose
and to restore to the unified institutions
the historic name of the University of the
Pacific. The consolidation is to be com
plete in fact as well as name, in reality
as well as in spirit. The buildings and
land of the college at Napa are to be sold.
All energies and efforts are to be directed
to the bnildmg up of the institution at San
Jose. The union is complete and in that
completed union may be seen the satisfac
tory settlement of almost every difficulty
that has hampered the work of the col
leges in the past few years.
Under the title of the University of the
Pacific the college near San Jose has long
enjoyed a high repute among the educa
tional institutions of the country. It was
the earliest foundation of a college of lib
eral arts in California. It comes down to
us from the time of the pioneers and is a
monumental witness of their devotion to
the cause oi education in the highest and
broadest sense. In that respect its welfare
is dear to the whole State. There are
thousands having no connection either
with the institution or with the church
that sustains it who felt that a mistake
had been made when it was proposed some
time ago to separate the name from the
college and establish the university in San
Francisco.
The policy now adopted, however,
means something more than the restor
ation of a name and is backed by stronger
reasons than that of restoring the historic
continuity of the oldest of our universities.
In the past the Methodists of the State
have made the mistake of dividing their
energies between the university at San
Jose and the college at Napa. As a natural
result neither institution has been sup
ported as it should have been. Moreover,
there have arisen from time to time differ
ences that have led to dissensions and even
antagonisms among those in whose hands
lay the welfare of the colleges. With the
consolidation of course all the causes of
trouble pass away. The University of the
Pacific has received as it were a new birth
and is about to enter upon an era which
promises to be one of more than ordinary
success in every direction of its efforts.
To all who are interested in the progress
of higher education this happy solution of
the dith'culties that surrounded our pio
neer university will give the greatest satis
faction. There is need in California for
just such an institution of learning as that
which the University of the Pacilic is des
tined to become. It is in no sense a com
petitor with either the State University or
with Stanford. It occupies a domain which
they do not enter. Founded and main
tained by a great church, its course of edu
cation is interfused through and through
with the spirit of Christianity, and rests
upon those great dogmas of religion that
form the foundations of our sociai organ
ism. On this basis it aims to build up a
liberal training of young men aud women
in the truth that makes men free, and it
serves therefore not as an antagonist but
as the complement to the other universi
ties where education is confined almost
wholly to the purely scientific aspects of
learning.
Having now been freed from its past dif
ficulties and having this broad field before
it, there is little doubt that the university
will soon advance rapidly in every way.
It possesses already a large, earnest and
influential body of alumni to assist the
Methodist church in promoting its welfare
and extending its influence. Its location
at San Jose is one of exceptional advant
ages and these will increase with the years.
Liberal endowments it must have to per
form its work, and now that the whole
educational energy of the Methodism of
the State is centered there, such endow
ments may be safely counted on. When
the right seed has been rightly planted,
growth is certain, and in this case both the
seed and the planting are of the kind to
which have been promised an increase of a
thousand fold.
WHAT THE FUTUKE HOLDS.
The celebration last Friday evening of
the forty -eighth anniversary of the dis
covery of gold by James W. Marshall fur
nishes an occasion for reflections on the
wonderful progress which California made
for forty years after that event, and on
the collapse of the movement a few years
ago. The case has distinctive features of
a most unusual order, a salient one being
the fact that with the exception of a flurry
in spots here and there California has
never had a "boom" as a State; that is to
Bay, its development has never been car
ried beyond or anywhere near to its capa
bilities or capacity, but on the contrary it
is to-day, taking its resources into account,
more backward than any other State of
tbe Union.
The more enlightened of our people
desire a larger population for the reason
that thereby only may the resources of the.
State be developed sufficiently to bring the
best results to those who have their homes
here now. If the great interior basin,
composed of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys, had a population of
5,000,000 souls, without taking into account
the numerous smaller valleys of the coast
mountains, the pleasures and profits of
living in California would be many times
increased.
The time was when such a condition of
affairs was confidently expected. No
reason could be imagined why it should
not come about. The unlimited stores of
gold in the Sierra, the conditions of soil
and climate which made possible the cul
tivation of the most valuable crops that
contribute to the comfort of mankind, a
pleasant climate which rendered mere
existence in the State a ceaseless holiday,
complete immunity from danger of the
dreadful epidemic diseases which sweep
all other parts of the world at intervals,
and a wonderful variety of medicinal
springs Buited to the amelioration or cure
of numberless maladies, all marked the
State as having rare and conspicuous
qualities of the most valuable kind. If
there was now and then a fear that the
great distance separating this maeical
garden from the rest of the world might
act as a barrier to the transportation of its
products, it was reflected that the Pacific
Ocean, with its open highways to every
part of the globe, would be forever at nnr
service. The man who dared to express a
doubt that the State would not soon be
come densely populated was set down as a
lunatic.
One element in the progress of a com
munity — the most important of all — was
absent, and its necessity completely over
looked. There was no unified spirit among
the people. They had assembled from all
countries; each had come to seek his own
fortune. In the old days of gold this spirit
of individualism was remarkable, and
though its rigors have been softened by
time, it still is sufficiently powerful to
serve as a barrier to progress. Under such
circumstances some great calamity is
always needed to unite the people in a
strong solidarity, and it has come oppor
tunely in the shape of a menacing threat
by Congress to fasten the burden of the
aided railroad debt on our prosperity and
advancement. This great danger is having
a salutary effect in creating a harmonious
public spirit, and out of it will come good
things for the future.
BIEECE TAKES THE HELD.
The Examiner announces that Ambrose
Eierce, in response to a summons from Mr.
Hearst, has gone to Washington to train
his vigorous pen against what Mr. Bierce
calls "Mr. Huntington's funding bill."
Although it is further announced that he
is to "aid the Examiner in its fight against
the funding job," it is sincerely hoped that
Mr. Hearst's New York paper, the Journal,
will also contain his observations on the
subject, as it is much nearer the scene of
conflict.
That this brilliant writer will rattle the
(dry bones of Washington with vigor and
originality is a thing easily foreseen in
California. A writer with so wide a
ranee of resources as his is rarely
found. In invective, satire, wit. ridi
cule, humor and serious argument he is a
master, and his effectiveness with these
weapons is wonderfully increased by a
marvelous facility of investing his phrases,
on proper occasions, with a whimsical
twist that is irresistible and unique.
More than that, while he has a strong
sense of justice and is a stanch American,
a strict upholder of the law and a defender
of vested rights where they are properly
handled, and while he has been as vigor
ous in attacking unjust assaults upon the
Southern Pacitic as in protesting against
the wrongs which it has committed, he
is heartily in accord with the present
movement against the funding biil, and
will throw into the struggle the whole
force of his talent. Many a Washington
back will bleed under the lash which he
knows so well how to wield. He will make
his fight in his own way, without dictation
or interference, and we may be sure that
it will be immensely effective. Homer
Davenport is to illustrate nis writing, and
these two will make such a team in satire,
wit, ridicule, caricature and humor as this
country has seldom Been.
It has been known for some time that
Mr. Hearst wanted Mr. Bierce to go to
New York, and that the latter's precarious
health made him delay in dread of the
climate there. Washington has a milder
climate, and the likelihood is that it will
serve as a preparation for Mr. Bierce's per
manent residence in New Yoric. It is too
early now to say that California will lose
this remarkable man, but not to regret
that such a loss is possible. One thing at
least may be easily predicted— his genius
will be recognized and appreciated in the
East.
SHE PLAYS CHESS WELL.
Mrs. Nellie Showalter of Kentucky, al
though only 23 years old, is already, perhaps,
the most accompi ished woman chess-player in
the world. She was born at Donerail, Fayette
County, Ky., in 1872, and is directly descended
from Chief Justice Marshall of the United
States Supreme Court. Ehe studied at the
North Middletowu (Ky.) Seminary, and in Feb-
Mrs. Nellie Showalter.
ruary, 1887, married Jackson W. Showaiter,
who taught her to play chess. Mrs. Showaiter
is a Southern belle, with a petite figure and a
mo9t charming manner. She is the mother of
a tine boy, born last August, and is at present
at Georgetown. Ky., but expects to visit Brook
lyn, says the Eagle, for the purpose of taking
Dart in the international chess match by cable,
which will be contested in April between the
women of England and America.
SHORT SMILES.
"He's a great story teller."
"Inimitable."
"Why, do you know his wife more than half
believes he belongs to a lodge?"— Detroit Tri
bune.
Husband— Do you think It saves you any
thing to have a running account at that dry
goods 6 to re?
Wife— l know it does. You can't Imagine the
amount of time it saves me. Why, I never
have to stop to ask the price of anything I wish
to purchase.— Puck.
Mr. Boreham (who has already stayed over
an hour and talked about himself the whole
time)— Yes, I'm sorry to say, I'm a martyr to
insomnia. I've tried everything, but I cannot
get sleep at night.
His hostess (sweetly)— Oh, but I can tell you
a very simple remedy. You shoult talk to
yourself— aft«r going to bed.— Punch.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Anent the sudden death of Henry, Prince of
Battenberg, many people in Han Francisco are
talking of his brother, Prince Joseph of Bat
tenberg, who was here last May.
Prince Joseph made many friends while here,
though he remained but a few days,
He had been on a tour of India, China, Japan
and Australia, and was collecting material for
a book giving his impressions of things seen in
these countries, as well as in America.
The Prince stayed at the Occidental Hotel.
He proved to be a most courteous and accom
modating gentleman and freely gave to the
representatives of the newspapers the fullest
interview?.
He stated in one of the interviews that on
Prince Joseph of Battenberg, Who Was
Keccntly Here, Brother of the Dead
Prince Henry,
[From a photograph.]
his return to his natn-e lana he expected to
write a book giving something of his impres
sions of the countries he had visited.
Some wag, noting; this, bought and forwarded
to the Prince a huge blue pencii, accompanied
by a letter, in which the sender said he had
seen the Prince was going to write a book giv
ing his impressions of things seen. "Here is a
pencil," added he; "an American pencil, with
which I hope you will make your book a suc
cess."
The Prince was much pleased at the receipt
of the novel package, which, though a sur
prise, he regarded he said as a good joke. Be
fore he loft he gave A. Ribas, who had shown
him some courtesies, his photograph and au
autograph letter.
Prince Joseph and the Prince who has just
died aboard one of the ships at sea were
brothers of Alexander, Prince of Bulgaria, who
passed away several years ago.
Prince Joseph had traveled a great deal in
different parts of the world. He is only about
30 years old. From here he went direct to
New York, and then sailed almost at once for
Europe.
AN OUTLAND VOYAGE.
The tall ships come and the tall ships go
Across the purple bay;
But there's never a ship so fair and fine,
Never a ship so brave as mine,
.As mine that sailed away.
Bright in the liffht, and gray in the shade,
And white when the waves plow- dun.
The gulls go by with their great wings spread;
But the sails of my ship were ROld and rod,
And they shone like the setting sun.
They make good cheer in the tavern here,
The sailors home from sea;
Kut the crew of my sliip they feast with kings,
In emerald crowns, and opal rings,
And coats of the cramoisle.
Fine is the freight their ships bring in,
But mine benrs finer far;
Pearls and roses, ami links of gold.
Myrrh, und anitior, and rich bales rolled,
As bright as the morning star.
'TVvas May-day norn that my ship set sail,
With the dew on her figurehead;
Her bows werewreathed with the hawthorn bloom,
As she stole through the dusk of the dawning
gloom.
Like a ghost, or a bride new-wed.
The May -days dawn and the May-days die,
And the hour draws near, I know;
The day when my ship shall come for me
To carry me back to mine own countrle,
Kast of the sun by the outmost sea,
In the heart of the Long Ago.
Rosamund Makbiott-Watsos, In Youth's Com
panion.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The people of Cincinnati are taking steps to
erect a statue of General Zebulon Pike, the
discoverer of Pike's Peak.
Lecocq, the composer of "La Fillede Madame
Angot," is trying to get a divorce from the
wife to whom he has been married for twenty
years on the ground of Incompatibility of tem
per.
Don Carlos, the Spanish pretender, is one of
the handsomest and most fascinating men in
Europe. His restless spirit finds solace in con
stant travel, and he is rassionately fond of
fox-hunting and all exciting sports.
A unique distinction belongs to Sir Robert
Rawlinson, K. C. G— that of being the only
boldier who has been knocked out of the saddle
by a cannon bull without being killed. The
identical forty-two-pound shot is preserved by
Lady Rawlinson as an interesting relic.
Fleming Dv Bignon of Savannah is regarded
as likely to be the next United States Senator,
from Georgia. Ex-Speaker Crisp wants the
place, but many Democrats object to him be
cause he was born in England. Secretary Hoke
Smith is also a candidate, but his enemies op
pose him on the ground that he is a native of
North Caroline.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Forty-niner— R. . J. If., Fairfield, Solano
County, Cal. The 28th of Ferbruarv, 1849, fell
on a Wednesday.
Teeth of a Rat— G. S., City. The front teeth
of a rat are square, or what is termed chisel
shaped, the same as in all rodents.
Mining— V. F., City. There is no law in thin
State that prohibits the use of water from a
fiume for mining purposes, provided the pro
cess is not "hydraulic with nozzle."
Limitation— A. Sr., City. The code says that
an action for damages for injuries to the per
son may be commenced at any time within
four years after the date of the occurrence.
Storms— Q. X., City. A full explanation of
the storms that pass over this City was given
in The Call of Wednesday, January 22, and
for that reason it is not given in this depart
ment.
Black Bart— J. C, City. Charles E. Bolton,
alias "Black Bart, the Po-8," pleaded guilty in
the court at Mokelumne Hill, Calaverae
County, on the 17th of November, 1883, and
was sentenced to imprisonment at San Quentin
for six years. He was received at that institu
tion on the 23d of that month.
Perfecting Press— The perfecting press that
is used at this time prints, cuts and folds a
two-page paper, prints, cuts and folds a four
page paper, prints and cuts, folds and pastes
a six-page paper, and from that up to a thirty
two-page paper. Presses that print a four-page
paper direct from the type, and known as the
rotary presses, are no longer in general use.
Bacon— W. D., City. In England in prepar
ing bacon a preparation of four pounds of salt,
half a pound of laltpeter and one pound of
brown sugar is used to rub the parts of the hoe
■/, If you want a sure relief for in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use an h
v^ %'% >v >-y \,<^ fl 9 Porous I
rVIidJWIV O Plaster
# Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and Imita- >
tions is as good 1 as the genuine. - ■«
selected to convert into bacon. This is rubbed
well in every day for three weeks and then
each day the flitches, as the pieces are called,
are laid one on top of the other to remain
until next day, when they are rubbed auain
with the mixture. After the end of three
weeks the pieces are hung up to dry or slightly
smoked. In the United States the same pro
cess is followed, Dut the majority of those who
cure bacon omit the sugar. The pieces are al
lowed to hang in the smokehouse long enough
to give them a golden brown color.
PERSONAL.
Senator J. M. Gleaves of Redding Is in town.
Dr. F. A. Stevens of St. Paul is at the Califor
nia.
Leopold Stein, a merchant of Spokane, is in
town.
A. Neilson, owner of iron works at Sacra
mento, is in the City.
F. Wilnans, who is interested in mining at
Sonora, is at the Lick.
F. W. Rouse, a business man of The Dalles,
arrived here yesterday.
L. H. Orme, a business man of Phoenix, Ariz.,
arrived here yesterday.
W. F. Peterson, a business man of Sacra
mento, is a recent arrival here.
Henry Gorham, superintendent of important
mills near Virginia City, Nev., is among re
cent arrivals here.
S. E. Wrenn, who owns lumber-mills on the
Willamette River, near Portland, is at the
Grand.
John H. O'Shee, one of the leading owners
in the Union Meat Company, Portland, is at
the Lick.
Ex-Senator Archibald Yell, formerly of Men
docino, now of Hanford, where he is practicing
law, is at the Grand.
Thomas Langford, who Is interested in an
iron foundry and other enterprises at Eureka,
Humboldt Bay, is in the City.
John Lamont, superintendent of the People's
Telephone Company. Portland, and J. M.
Lorely, a leading business man of the same
city, are at the Grand.
Ex-Judge F.T. Bflldwin of Stockton, a Code
Commissioner, is regaining- his health steadily.
He has ventured forth from the Palace Hotel
several times lately and has ridden on the
cars to different parts of the City. Dr. L. C.
Whitney, his physician, says he will soon be
completely recovered.
Colonel W. R. Peyton of Spokane, owner of
theLeroy gold mine, Trail Creek, B. C, is in
the City. He says that on the 750-foot level
recently there was discovered a vein twelve
feet wide of most peculiar metal, resembling
bell metal, hard like it, and giving forth the
same sound when struck. The first eighteen
inches on the footwall returned six ounces in
gold. The average value for the twelve feet
was $70 a ton, and thirty days' output, con
sisting of 101 tons, returned the large sum of
$175,000. Colonel Peyton has recently se
cured a residence in Southern California.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
XKW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— Mrs. I. Law
rence Poole and Mrs. K. V. Favre left here for
an extended Southern tour, winding up at
New Orleans for two weeks at the Pickwick
House and then leave for home. It will be a
two months' trip. Among recent arrivals are:
M. A. Delano, Grand; T. Dohlman, James L.
Friedman, J. H. Jahns, H. Kogers, Astor; S. P.
Watson, St. James; J. C. Paine, Broadway Cen
tral; Rev. J. Hemphill, Gilsey; Mrs. Havens,
Brunswick; Miss E. Kekin, Mrs. A. L. Perkins,
Albemarle; C. W. Marnsdel, Continental; A.
\V. Moore, Hoffman; H. A. Butlers, Plaza; T.
M. Mcl'arlane, St. Denis.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. 25.— Among re.
cent arrivals are: San Francisco — James E.
i'uekyr, Shorehnm; Ambrose Bierce.Willard's;
Leigh Blerce, Wiilard's. Miss Yaw, the famous
California soprano, accompanied by C. B. Yaw,
is at the Raleigh.
LADY'S SKIRT WITH CIRCULAR
FRONT AND GODET BACK.
For making skirts of plaids, checks and
stripe 1 ;, the sliape with a circular front and
godet back is preferred to all others, as itsaves
the trouble of matching at the seams, for all
the seams in this shape are hidden, falling as
they do, in between the godet folds; the front
being in one piece, the seams joining it to the
back are also hidden in the folds. Kovel ef-
fects can be obtained by cutting striped goods
with the stripes up and down in front. This
brinfrs the stripes Dins at the sides. The backs
are then cut with stripes straight up and down
the center of each godet or with the stripes
crosswise. A tall woman will find it becom
ing to cut with the stripes going around the
front.
of checks, plaids or stripes made
after this model look well with waists of plain
material, with sleeves to match the skirt, the
waist made with blouse effect in front, and full
over a fitted lining in the back.
A jacket waist of plain goods is also stylish,
wearing a blouse to match the skirt.
A plaid silk in light colors with black chiffon
bodice makes as handsome a gown as can be
desired.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street. •
» — « — »
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pres*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), .slo Montgomery. *
. ■ .7 . • — ♦ — • ' -
It is the distinction of Lord Chelsea that he
has the finest collection of eagles' eggs in Eng
land, and he has collected them all with his
own hands.
• — * — «
Good Times in the Near Future, Especi
ally for the Community Around
Sixth and Howard St.
The Kehrlein Opera Company are immedi
ately going to erect an opera-house that will
seat over 700 persons more than any other
opera-house on the Pacific Coast. This enter
prise without doubt will be a grand success. •
• — ♦■ — • —
Millionaire— Well, my dear Baron, you seem
to have an important communication to make.
Baron— Councilor F— , I am happy to tell you
the glad news that it Is my intention to appoint
you my father-in-law.— Beutsche Wespen.
Pubk, rich, red blood naturally follows taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It drives out germs of dis
ease and builds up the whole system. It gives new
life, as it were. Try it and be convinced.
*-♦ — •— •
The most efficacious stimulant to excite the
appetite are Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters. Be
ware of counterfeits.
• — ♦ — -«
If afflict ert with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell It at 25 cents.
-• — ♦ — «
To reduce your weight, use Vrettos' Belt.
The office-boy— Der editor is busy; jist drop
yer stuff in der slot.
Miss Poesy (the sweet singer of Sing Sing)—
Tell me, does he get many poems?
The office-boy (disgustedly)— Poems? Why,
he's got 'em to burn.— Puck."
NEW TO-DAY. _^
©•. . 0U ©
© : , be
I WHICH I
© ■■ iial^ i 1 ©
© : ©
© You'll take, or buy them ©
© all. Here are Smith's 12 ©
® Weekly Specials, to do ©
£fo your pocket good. Things ;Z\
© you often buy, but sel- ©
Kg) dom at the price. Prices ©
g right — and goods the *£
gj same. "Too cheap to be 2|
© good!" No, sir! Al- ©
(*! ways your money back. ©
g. That's the way we'll §
Q) prove their goodness. <g
© Watch "The Call" for (@
our Specials. ©
9 ©
® ©
© No. 1-SONO3IA JAM. (&
©"That's the real home-made fruit f§\
V|V flavor." We were told before we bought, vfty
©that "home-made" jams could not excel fjf\
\§J those ot the Sonoma Preserve Co. It's \Qy
/^X-. really so— proved it. Assorted
rpj kinds. f**J
Our usual price, 25c Jg\
<£*} This week only 15c (Jj?
© ©
© ©
££) No. 2-3IAGNOLIA MILK. (0$
®"A good article at a moderate price." Mf\
You don't believe in buying poor Con- v#JJ
/->. densed Milk! Neither do we. This J^C
ffcjy isn't poor. Same concern makes the CM
f£ Katcle. A first-class sweetened (thick) "Jr
»?) milk. (3d
/•■§ This week only 3 for 25c jg£
A£k
— ; (gp
© No. 3-CALIFOBNIA PRUNES. ©
&%) The flavor of much small fruit Is su- (S«
perlor to that of larger variety. This is 5^
©perior to that Prune. We've no nicer, (JJ
true of the Prune. We've no nicer, ffJ
©^^ liner, better cooking prune in the house *^
—only larger at larger price. <*^
fl This week only 10 lbs for 25c !g^
® ©
(•) No. 4— DINNER SET, 83.95. ©
»*) Twenty-nine pieces. It's tempting to fid
@ v the housewife who loves pretty dishes,
S9i A set of these stylish blue pieces will fzA
vw not be amiss. Flown blue, latest shapes,
£9} pleasing design. For six persons. . . fSS
52; Thlsweekonly $2 95 'jg?
© ©
©— — ; — -©
© No. 6— BIJOU GOBLET. ©
©"Isn't It a beauty?" .Long, slender £&
v*r* stem; delicate, llgnt, thin ?la.ss: perfect
Gfii finish. It's our regular $1 Goblet, but (*S
VV will sell this Bijou shape l t»/
mfk ' This weeK 0n1y...... ...... .60c dozen !(*&
© s
C«/ — : — - — ' ,T ' '. .1&
£*) fid
5r No. 6— ELECTRIC EGG-
© 5 - BEATER. ($
©Perfect for the purpose. Regular ' (*&
v*/ price— s cents— is so low we can't cut
©much deeper, but, to let you try It, fi\
This week only. 4c l <^
© ©
© : — : ©
© 80. 7-FAMILT MIXED COF- ©
© FEE ' ©
©Why do we employ an expert coffee-- 2?
buyer if not to produce better than (Zm
average results? Fine flavor, strength *5^
fikfl and purity. We have others besides. fim
W To interest you in one of our best efforts,
Q) Thisweekonly 21c ffw
©Our e very-day price, 25c ]5x
© ©
© No. 8-S. O. S. ROLLED OATS. ©
£2) Fresh, and not too cheap to be good. CM
y^ This is best we have in the house. Full 2^
»•> weight, too. Will weigh It while you (it*
© v wait if you like. .Regular price, 10 5T
i£b\ lbs 35c. -,:' fS\
g? This we«»k only 10 lbs for 25c ]^
tSf ■ ©
©-— " — ©
© No. ©—WHITE ENVELOPES. ©
®"I would have sent you an order two (Sb
weeks ago, but had not an envelope in *^c
£•} the house." Thai's too bad. We shall (*+
V.V sell special X X X 6, white envelopes,
©250 in a box, first quality, (*~\
y~ This week only at 19c per box 2c
© ©
ft ©
© No. 10-STANLET SUITS. (*^
Hurrah! We have it! The Stanley f§\
\9f Boy's Suit. Plenty for everybody, \^J?
©Spring, summer and winter weights, /•X
Coat, cap, 2 pants, 2 stockings, 1 tie— '»$
entire outfit.
©entire outflt. 2C
<Cc/ This week only ....93 60 *C?
© _©
®— " ~ ©
££ No. 11-L.-VDIES 1 FINE SHOES. (&
®We can shoe everybody with the /2\
finest Rochester-made goods. In stylish \*JJ
>^ kid with kid tops, square or opera toes, j iv
f>3 best patent-leather tip. We think you'll (M
© like them. . Come see. ££
}£& Thisweekonly ....$2 60 fj?
© ©
© ©
4») No. 12-TABLE DAMASK. |Q
© Way-up goods at way-down prices, >»x
|»jr) This week we sell full 72-inch Table (M
@ Damask equal to the best $1 50 quality jj^
you have ever bought. (£«£
©This week only 85c jf\
fty Many patterns to select from, and all 'fi?
©pretty ones, too. fSS
©— — " " ©
© Above prices good — ©
£? January 27 to February 1. jg
gih Country orders filled the (g
© same. ©
@ Our Specials are — ©
§ Daily, in The Call; week- 8
&\ ly, in Smiths' Weekly ; fQ
© monthly, in Smiths' ©
© Home Circle. You should ®
©have our Catalogue — 2^
f^t\ (* ft J^V
ft sniThm 5 cash
g DIIMII3 STORE, :-g
©* 4i4, 416, 4iB Front St., S. F. S
£Bj That Busy Big Department Store. (5\
©©©©©©©©©©©©©BOOKS AND BOOKMAKERS
A WHIRL ASUNDER," Gertrude]
Atherton's latest novel, has been !
issued in neat and attractive style
by the Frederick A. Stokes (
pany of New York. The book
is of peculiar interest to Californians, as it
affects to describe a typical California
; , and has numerous pointed refer
to California customs and manners.
The story was referred to some months
ago. just after Mrs. Atherton had com-
I it.
An Englishman, named Cline, and a j
Helena Belmont, are the
chief char.; me comes out from
England to marry a Miss Gordon, who is
sojourning on the coa-t. and who is a
friend of Miss Belmont. He reaches the
station near Miss Gordon's hotel at night, ,
and in journeying along by a wood to- I
ward his destination is attracted by some '
weird celebration in a grove hard by. He '
moves up oiose in the shadow of the trees, !
because the forest is vividly lit up by a
blazing pyre. But let Mrs. Atherton tell,
in ncr characteristic way, of a strange
chance-meeting :
C'Hue, feeling uncomfortable as an eaves
dropper, but too fascinated to retreat, stepped
behind a large redwood. With his eyes still
rixe;i on the itraoge scene he did not pick his
and coming suddenly in contact with a
piiabie body he nearly knocked it over. There
was a smothered shriek, followed by a sup
pressed but forcible vocative. Cline mechanic
ally lifted his hat.
••I beg pour pardon," he said, addressing a
tail lad, whose face was partly concealed by
=or of a cap; "I hope I have not hurt
you."
'I am not so easily hurt," said the lad
haughtily.
The masculine mnn never lived who did not
recognize a feminine woman in whatever
guise if within the radius of her magnetism.
Thit young niasquerader interested Cline at
once. Her voice iiad a warm huskiness. The
mouth and chin were classically cut, but very
human. She had thrown back her head and
revealed a round, beautiful throat. The loose
flannel shirt and jacket concealed her figure, |
but even the slight motions she had made re- !
vealed enercry and grace.
Cline offered her a cigarette. She accepted
it and smoked daintily, withdrawing as much i
as possible into the shadow and shielding her;
face with her hand. He leaned his back i
against a tree and lit a cigar.
"What on eartn is the meaning of this '
scene?" he asked.
••That i.« great midsummer jinks ceremony
of the Bohemian <"lub. They have it every i
year, and nevrr invite outsiders. So I was
bound I'd see it anyhow."
•'I wonder you don't become a member."
"Oh, I'm too young." promptly.
"Tell me more about it. What'do these cere
monies mean?''
"Oh, they put all sorts of things into that
caldron— the liver ot a grasshopper with one
of Harry Armstrong's jokes; the wasted paint
on somebody's last picture with the misshapen
feet of somebody else's latest verse. The corpse is
an effigy of Care, and they are cremating him.
Now they'll be happy, that is to say, drunk,
till morning, for Care is dead. I'm going to
stop and see it out."
Clive insists tnat the Bohemian lark is
no scene for a woman to witness, and that
if Miss Belmont doesn't leave the place in
live minutes he will carry her to her horse,
and, moreover, take the liberty to kiss her.
The girl's face reddens; her nostrils dilate.
She declares that "an Englishman's only
idea of wit is impertinence." Finally he
grasps her in his arms, and carries her to
ward her steed. As to the threatened kiss,
Miss Belmont cries:
"I have sat up all night with men and they
have never dared to kiss me, however much
they may have wanted to."
"Then* they were rotters, and you can tell
them so. with my compliments. If I sat up all
with you 1 should kiss you, and several
"Well, you never will."
They reached the road. She stiffened sud
denly and tried to spring out of his arms. He
placed her on her feet, and grasped her by
the shoulders.
"Now," he said, "kiss me, and don't be silly
about it. If you go in for larks of this sort you
must take the consequences." She wrenched
again. He caught and held her so firmly that
■he oould not struggle.
'You brute of an Englishman." she gasped, j
Clive clasped his hand about the lower part ,
of her face and lifted it gently. As he did so
he shifted his position and the light for the
first time shone full on his face. The girl
became suddenly quiet. Something leaped
into her eye*, which his own answered. lJut
as he bent his lace she moved her own back
ward along his shoulder.
"Please, pleaxe don't," she said, beseechingly.
•«Oh, please don't."
Clive let her go. He walked with her to the
! horse, helped her mount and watched her dash
away.
"What a stupid ass I am," he thought.
; "Why on earth didn't I kiss tuat woman?"
Mary Gordon goes to San Francisco to
have her wedding dress made, and in her
absence Helena seeks to win Clive for her
self. She sings with him, plays with him
and walks with him alone into the forest.
"Sit down," she said, arranging herself on a
fallen pine and leaning against a redwood.
Clive made himself as comfortable as he could
and she gave him permission to light his pipe.
The lace mantilla, in spite of brush and
brier, still clung to her head and shoulders.
She looked very womanly and lovely.
"Why did you bring me here?" ne asked.
"You told me the other night that you would
never trust yourself alone with me. This Is
equivalent to saying that you want me to make
love to you. lam quite ready."|
"How brutally abrupt you are. I don't want
you to make love to me. 1 meant to tell you
before we started that I did not expect it.
Most women do, I know, and it must be such a
relief to a man to be let off occasionally. " She
opened and closed her large fan with a grace
ful motion of the wrist, and then turned and
looked straight at him. "I have never walked
alone with a man in this forest -before," she
said ; "neither at night nor in the daytime. It
would have been spoiled for me if 1 had."
"You are a very brave woman. If what you
say is true, what is your reason for bringing
me here?"
"I felt a desire to do so, and I always obey
'WHY DID YOU BRING ME HERE?" HE ASKED.
[Reproduced from "A Whirl Asunder," by Gertrude Atherton.]
I my whims. I don't want you to make love to
j me to-night."'
"Which means that I may later."
"I don't know. That will depend on a good
many things, one of which is whether I break i
my engagement with Schuyler Van Rhuys or I
not. I have some slight sense of honor."
"Are you thinking of breaking it off?"
"Somewhat."
"Is it true that you have been engaged fifteen !
! times?"
"No; only eight. I have not yet discovered I
! that there are fifteen interesting men in the j
I world. I have met only nine."
"You can flatter charmingly. But you say
you have a sense of honor, what would you I
! think of a man who had deceived and jilted I
eight girls?"
During the same conversation the twain
talk of literature, and Helena advances
this idpa :
Has it ever occurred to you that no Ameri- j
can author has ever written a genuine all-round |
love scene? They are either thin or sensual, <
almost invariably the former. The soul and
passion of the older races they have never de
veloped. If a woman writer breaks out wildly
sometimes she merely voices the lack we nil
feel in this part of the world— in life as well as
in literature. That explains why I have tried
to care for eignt clever and interesting men,
and turned away chilled.
"You must love an Englishman," said Clive,
smiling, -if you notice, a good many American
women do. An English woman never marries I
an American. It goes to prove that leisure is
needed for development; consequently the
women of America have developed far more
rapidly than the men."
: 'lf we Californians," declares Helena, I
| ".-.?ve a stronger fiber and richer blood in I
■ dm than other Americans, it is because we
p.re cruder, savager, closer to nature."
Mrs. Atherton pays her compliments to
the general appearance of San Francisco
I men as follows:
"Like all San Francisco men, he looked
carelessly dressed, although in evening
clothes, and carried himself badly; but
; his face was clear and refined, his hair and
: beard trimly cut."
Finally Clive reluctantly tears himself
I away from Helena, after confessing that
; he loves her, ana Mary Gordon wins no
! victory, for Clive is killed in a railroad j
! disaster an hour after bidding farewell to
v f J. al . lfo " 1 «a beauty. This wind-up of
the affair the Western girl "regards with
I indifference.
ECHOES OF BATTLE.
Bushrod Washington James is the anthor
of a book of verse and prose, recently pub
lished by Henry T. Coates & Co. of "puija
delphia. The book is very handsome in
appearance, being finely printed and ele- '
gantly bound. Its illustrations, of which
there are many, have artistic merit as well
as historic interest. Mr. James means well
with his verses, but they prove his lack of
the divine afflatus. In his preface to '
"Echoes of Battle" Mr. James save he
"trusts that some of his verses may cail to
pdnd the unselfish patriotism of the brave i
men who were ready and willing to sacrince j
much, even life itself, for the cause of |
liberty and union." He believes that the
more fully we realize at what fearful cost
the independence of the United States and '.
the preservation of the whole Union were i
attained, the more surely will |the Ameri
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
can people always protect the country
from a recurrence of distrust and rebellion, j
Half the volume is devoted to prose '
descriptive chapters of battles, the author
detailing, among other things, his ex- \
perienees and the facts that came under I
his notice while he was performing the
duties of an army surgeon at Antietam |
and Gettysburg. In justice to the author
it should be said that he is far more suc
cessful as a writer of prose than he is as a
writer of verse. Bad poetry is less excus
able than bad prose, while ordinary prose
is preferable to ordinary poetry.
CONTRIBUTIONS TO BIOI.OGY.
David Starr Jordan and Edwin Chapin
are the authors of a paper on "The Fishes
of Puget Sound," which has just been pub
lished by the Stanford University. The
gentlemen spent a portion of the summer
of 1895 pursuing their investigations in the
waters about Seattle and at Neah Bay,
near Cape Flattery, in the Straits of Juan
de Fuca. They found many species of fish
that were new to science, and deposited
types of them all in the museum at Stan
ford University. The paper records 141
species in Puget Sound. In 1892 Dr. Carl
11. Eigenmann recorded 10G species, and
la 1880 Messrs. Jordan and Gilbert men- |
tioned on their list 90 species of the finny j
inhabitants of Puget Sound. The memoir
is edited by Charles H. Gilbert and Oliver j
P. Jenks, and is the third of a series de
signed to illustrate the investigations and
explorations of the Hopkins Seaside La
boratory, an adjunct of the biological
laboratories of tiie Stanford University.
Numerous plates, drawn by Miss Anna L.
Brown, artist of the Hopkins Seaside
Laboratory, illustrate the paper, which
also forms a part of the proceedings of the
California Academy ot Sciences.
UP TO DATE PRIMER.
In the interest of the single-tax propa
ganda there has been issued a small vol
ume bearing the title "The Up to Date
Primer," which is announced as "the first
book of lessons for little political econo
mists, in words of one syllable with pic
tures." Rent is pictured as a rat and the
single tax as a cat, the one consuming the
weaker of men and the other seeking to
save it by destroying the enemy. In a
similar simple form of allegory other doc
trines of the single tax advocates are
taught, and to persons who are pleased
with the primer style of literature the
work may be found interesting, thoutrh it
can hardly be called instructive to any
body. ["The Up to Date Primer," by J.
W. Bengough. New York: Funk & Wag
nails Company.]
THE FEBRUARY MAGAZINES.
St. Nicholas for February is full of good
things suitable for juvenile readers, both
in. prose and verse. Among other notable
articles are: "The Gibson Boy," which
purports to be some account of the earlier
artistic efforts of Charles Dana Gibson,
mainly in the line of silhouette cutting,
while he was yet a child of eight years.
"The Tower Playmates" is a well-written
piece of poetry by Anna Robeson Brown
on an English theme. It is illustrated by
R. B. Birch in a striking manner. A.
further installment of Robert Louis Steven
son's "Letters to a Boy" is given, with
notes supplied by Lloyd Osborne. The
usual departmental spction of the St.
Nicholas is well sustained in the articles
marked "For Very Little Folks" and the
"Letter" and "Riddle Box."
The Overland Monthly for February is
up to its usual standard. "The Taxation
of Churches" is discussed by Rev. F. D.
Bovard, and a description of "The Court
of Johore" is supplied by Editor Rounse
velle Wildman, with appropriate illustra
tions. "An Egyptian Slave," from the
painting by Sichel, forms the frontispiece
of the monthly.
Scribner's is a good number. It con
tains as a frontispiece "The Bull Fight," a
striking picture, reminiscent of the torea
dors in Seville. "The Hermit and the Pil
grim" is the title of a pretty piece of verse
by Clifford Howard. "The Colorado
Health Plateau" is one of a series of de
scriptive write-ups by L. M. lddings. Pro
fessor E. Benjamin Andrews of Brown
University continues his "History of the
Last Quarter Century in the United
States." discussing the neo-Republican as
cendency.
In "The Point of View" there is quite a
rleasing little resume of the life and work
of the late George Augustus Sala. It is
gratifying to the reader to notice the trib
THE LOVE OF A SUMMER DAY.
A BOOK OF VERSES UNDERNEATH THE BOTJGH,
A JUG OF WINE, A LOAF OF BREAD, AND THOO
BESIDE ME BINGING IN THE WILDERNESS:
OH, WILDERNESS WERE PARADISE ENOW.
OMAR KHAYYAM.
/ would rather be loved by you, sweet,
Than by all of the world beside;
I would rather one day with you, sweet,
On the brink of a summer tide.
With a song we could sing together.
And a crystal of ruddy wine.
Than a century 's summer weather
And another love than thine.
I would rather be crowned with you, sweet,
Than to king with the fairest queen.
I would rather be poor with you, sweet,
'Neath the shadowy beechen green.
With your cheek on my own cheek dreaming
And your kisses upon my face,
Than to lie amid treasures gleaming
In another love's embrace.
I would rather be near to you, sweet,
Than to win an immortal name.
I would rather be dear to you, sweet,
Than to leave an undying fame
In the minds of a mighty throng, sweet,
For man's memory fades away,
And there's nothing that lasts so long, sweet.
As the love of a summer day.
JOHN BENNETT, in the Chap Book.
ute paid— all too late, it is true— to a big
hearted though worldly journalist, who
served others far more than he did him
self; and those who knew poor Sala, or of
him, can with truth echo the words of the
writer in Scribncr's that the deceased jour
nalist would have done far better to have
"husbanded his strength, his money and
his liver better."
Among the principal articles in Godey's
Magazine there is one by Cleveland Mof
fett entitled "0 Rare 'Gene Field." This
is a well-written sketch showing the au
thor as he really was. In introducing the
subject-matter of his contribution Mr.
Moffett says:
Think of the tribute paid to Eugene Field
newspapers pausing in their rush after sensa
tion to tell the story of his life, giving pages
gladly to him where they would have grudged
i columns to statesmen; orators in many cities
' rising on platform and pulpit to sound hid
praises; children holding out their pennies for
a monument to him ; committees busy with
plans to do him honor; messages with the
right ring of feeling pouring in from all kinds
of men; actors and authors organizing Field
benefits; rich men drawing checks lor a Field
lund; projects on foot for a Field library and
museum; tablets . erected here; resolutions
drawn there; printers turning over dustheaps
for fragments of his manuscript; publishers
and photographers vying yrith each other to
supply the demand for memories of him. Who
was this man? What was he?
The other features of "Godey's"
for this month include "Great Sing
ers of the Century" by Albert
L. Parkes, "What the Bicycle Does
for the Muscle" by Horace E. Morrow,
"Music in America" by Rupert Hughes.
TIIE BURNSIDE BRIDGE OVER THE ANTIETAM CREEK.
[Reproduced from ''Echoes of Battle,"]
i There is also the usual amount of space
devoted to verse and fiction, as well as to
I book reviews and fashion notes.
The Cosmopolitan Magazine is well up
in literary features and is a marvel of good
value for the price at which it is sold — 10
cents. There are numerous well-written
articles in the February number. An in
novation is noticed in the book reviewing
department to which such literary lights
as Andrew Lang and Israel Zangwill con
tribute essays. The frontispiece," "Exam
ining the Wedding Cards," is a charming
j piece of color work.
LITERAKY NOTES.
Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett's new
novel is to be entitled "A Lady of Quality."
It is said that 10,000 copies of George
Henty's books for boys are sold in this
country each year.
A second series of Charles G. Iceland's
interesting "Legends of Florence" is now
in course of preparation.
It is reported that the opening chapters
of Dv Manner's new novel will be brought
out in Harper's Magazine for October,
1896.
The forthcoming new edition of George
Borrows "Bible in Spain" is to be brought ;
out in two volumes, illustrated with a map
and some etchings by M. Manesse.
The first volume in the new series of
"Foreign Statesmen," published by Mac
millan & Co., will be "Richelieu," by Pro
fessor Lodge of Glasgow.
"A Few Memories" is to be the title of
Mrs. Mary Anderson do Navarro's book of
reminiscences. The work, which is to ap
pear soon, will have several i>ortraitf?.
Steele is said to have written the "Con
scious Lovers" in seven weeks, and after- .
ward spent as much more time in recast- !
ing the play, the better to adapt it to the j
stasre.
Watts required but a few minutes, as a !
general thing, to produce a hymn. His j
paraphrases of the Psalms were done at \
odd moments and in th« intervals of other j
business.
"The West Indies and the Spanish j
Main" is the title of a forthcoming volume •
in which James Kodway will set forth the
history of the European settlements in
those regions. The Putnams will bring
out the book.
The concluding volumes of the Barras
Memoirs will appear in the early spring.
They are more personal than the volumes
which have already appeared, and they
cover the period between the return of
Napoleon from Italy to the Restoration.
When photography was discovered peo
ple said, "It will kill the art of painting."
It has killed nothing at all. "Photo
engraving will ruin the art of engraving,"
peoDle are saying. Why should it? Photo
engraving is to engraving as a wax figure
is to a statute.
Captain Alfred T. Mahan will have a
paper in the February number of the
Century on "Nelson at Cape St. Vincent."
This is the first of four articles which Cap
tain Mahan will write on the naval en
gagements tbat gave Admiral Nelson his
fame.
Macmillan & Co. have in press a volume
of essays by Professor J. Shield Nicholson
of the University of Edinburgh, and author
of an important work on monetary
problems. In this work he discusses such
practical social problems as strikes, labor
combinations and competitions, profit
sharing, etc.
Not less than five books about Joan of
Arc will be issued within the next month,
three "lives" of the "Maid of Orleans," a
book of her times and people; and she will
be made the subject of the next volume in
the "Story of the Nations" series of the
Putnams. In addition to this, three
lecturers are in the field with her as their
subject.
The Godey Company offers a prize of
$50 for the best bicycle story received be
fore February 1, 1896. The theme of the
story must be the bicycle. It may be
tragedy, comedy, love story or farce, but
its main incidents should be connected
with the use of "the wheel." No other
conditions are imposed except those
named above, which must be closely ob
served.
The saddest failure in subscription booics
was thatof Dubois' "Plutarch," in twenty
eight Jarge quarto volumes, says "Book
Lovers" in the New York Times. Begun in
1830, the publication of this work was not
finished in 1842; the subscribers had al
ready paid 9000 francs each, and there were
yet twelve "lives" to be printed, at a cost
to each subscriber of 4000 francs. Every
book lover knows the fate of that "moles
indigesta." Booksellers call the volumes
simply "plugs."
"Stonepastures," by Eleanor Stuart, is
the quaint title of a story by a new Ameri
can author, which is to be published im
mediately by D. Appleton & Co. It be
longs to the class of specialized American
fiction which has been headed by the
work of Miss Wilkins, Mr. Cabie, Colonel
Johnston, Mr. Garland and others. The
author describes the peculiar and almost
unknown life of the laborers in a Pennsyl
vania mining and manufacturing town.
Henry M. Stanley, in an article on the
"Development of Africa," which is to ap
pear in the February Century, recalls tne
fact that troubles with the Boers in South
ern Africa first induced David Livingstone
to travel to the north, and so led the way
to the opening of Equatorial Africa. Liv
ingstone, who was a missionary at
Kolobeng, accused his Boer neighbors of
cruelty to the natives. They resented his
interference, and threatened" to drive him
from the country. He published their
misdeeds in the Cape newspapers, and bis
house was burned in revenge. This led
to his leaving Southern Africa and going
to a region where he could follow in peace
his vocation as a missionary unmolested
by the Boer farmers.
THE PUNCH CARTOONS.
They Are Selected at a Weekly Dinner
During Smoking Interval.
It is generally known that the cartoons
in Punch are decided upon at a weekly
dinner, but the process of selecting the
subject is not quite so well known. Mr.
M. H. Spielmann gave recently in the
Magazine of Art a description of the pro
cess:
"When dinner is over and coffee finished,
the cloth removed and paper and pens
brought in — at 8:30 as near as may be— the
cigars come on and the waiters go off (in
cluding at one time the crusted Burnap,
an original worthy of "Robert" himself);
and not more rigidly was the press ex
cluded from the Ministerial Whitebait
dinner, in the good old times, than are
Cabinet Ministers interdicted from the
dinner of Mr. Punch to-day.
Then the editor, who has been presiding,
invites ideas and discussions on the sub
ject of the "big cut," as the cartoon is
commonly called, and no two men listen
more eagerly to the replies — suggestions
that may be hazarded or uroposals dogmati
cally slapped down— than Mr. Burnand,
who is responsible for the subject, and Sir
John Tenniel (their beloved "Jackides")
whose duty it will be to realize the con
cedtion.
The latter makes few remarks, he waits,
! reflects and weighs, thinking not so much,
! perhaps, of the political or social as of the
| artistic possibilities of the subjects as they
] are brought up, and other points that rec
ommend themselves both to the artistic
and literary members of the staff. All the
while, perhaps, the editor has a fine sub
ject up his sleeve, and only brings it
forth when the discussion has begun to
wane. Or a proposal may be
made at first by one member of
the staff that is accepted at
once by acclamation — an event of the ut
| most rarity; or, again, as is usually the
! case, the final decision may be gradually
and almost painfully evolved from the
symposium of professional wits and liter
ary politicians. This is the time when the
men are apt to lay bare their political be
liefs (if any such they have) or their lack
of them; and I wager that if poor Keene
could once more be present at a Punch
dinner, he would no longer charge it
against the staff that it is "Museo to a
man.
» ♦ •
There are upward of 80,000 inhabitants
on the slopes and skirts of Vesuvius. If it
were not for the fertilizing effect of the
volcanic products not more than one- tenth
of that number would be able to find
means of subsistence there.
ITS DREAM OF EMPIRE.
G. Polletiere's Story of the Pres
ent Ambition of
France.
WANTS COLONIES EVERYWHERE
Working Hard to Extend Them in
Africa, Tonquin, Indo-China, Mada
gascar and Elsewhere.
G. Polletiere, a wealthy resident of Paris,
who has been visiting the large cities of
America, is at the California. He says the
great ambition of France is to extend her
colonies, and special attention is now be
ing turned to this.
He was recently in Algeria, where there
is a thriving colony, and he says that
throughout Africa, and in Tonquin,
Indo-China and other places, she is bend
ing every energy to build up colonies and
thus extend her sway.
"Since we lost Alsace and Lorraine," said
lie, "we have felt more and more the need
of extending our country. We would like
to have Alsace and Lorraine back again,
and expect to some day, and we don't care
if in doing it our government is changed
from a republican form to a monarchy.
We want our country back.
"Republicanism received a sad setback
at the time of the exposure of the Panama
frauds, and since then each administration
has, unfortunately; always had some one
in it to give discredit to the Government.
1 was an ardent republican for a time, but
now lam not. Others are like me. There
has been a good deal of change in the
sentiment of France in the last year or two.
"I was struck with the need of our ex
tending our colonies more than ever be
fore when I rode day after day and night
after night for well on to a week before I
had crossed your continent from New
York. It seemed an enormous country,
while France was so very small. There-
Ifore the greatest bequest the people of
France can make to their little children is
the right of extended empire as seen now
in our infant colonies.
"In Madagascar, Tonquin, West Africa,
Indo-China and in the jN'iger our colonies
are flourishing. It is the intention to
foster and maintain them. It will be the
only way that the greatness of France will
be perpetuated.
"When I was In Algeria last winter the
Marqui9 lie Mores, who, as you will re
member, once lived in Dakota, where he
had a stock range, was making speeches of
a socialistic character. Though Ido not
agree with him I believe he is sincere.
"Marquis de Mores is now in Paris. I
do not know whether he has lost all his
money or not."
Mr. Polletiere will stay a few days in
this City, and will then visit Southern
California. He will return home by way
of New Orleans, which city he has long
been anxious to see.
President Faure, he says, now Bees the
need as much as any one of the extension
of French territory.
I A BAILBOAD UNDER THE SEA.
A Novel Flan to lie Put in Operation at
.Brighton.
A railway which givea practically a sea
voyage without the discomforts attending
seasickness is a decided novelty. Such an
attraction is now in operation at Brighton.
The line is to be called the Brighton and
Rottingdean Seashore Electric Tram road.
The idea of running a self-propelling car
on a railway submerged in the sea origiu
j ated, it is said, with Magnus Yolk o| the
electric railway, Brighton, and is believed
to be unique, although there is at St. Malo,
France, a structure pulled across the har
bor by means of a chain a distance of about
110 yards.
Commencing at the eastern end of the
electric railway at Brighton, says the Phil
adelphia Record, the line extends a dis
tance of three miles to the village of Rot
tingdean, a well-known resort. Here a
small iron pier has been erected for the
cars to run alongside, the pier being also
available for steamer traffic and promen
ading. At the Brigton end of the line an
iron jetty has been erected, on which have
I been built commodious waiting-rooms and
I offices. The rails are laid on concrete
| blocks, spaced about three feet apart, and
i mortised into the sound rock, the height
of the blocks varying with the irregular
ities of the shore. The line consists of
four rails, laid as two tracks, of two
feet eight and a half inches in guage,
spaced about eighteen feet, outer rails,
thus giving an effective guage of eighteen
feet, this being necessary to give the re
quired stability to the cars. At high tide
the depth of water over the rails is fif
teen feet. Although the most violent gales
experienced for many years occurred in
the winter of 1894-95 no damage whatever
was done to the permanent way, so the
fact that it posses ample strength to resist
the force of the sea has been demonstrated
in a satisfactory manner. The line is now
nearly complete, but the work being tidal
has been greatly delayed by bad weather.
The car is a structure on sixteen wheels,
thirty -th^ge inches in diameter, carrying
the passengers at a height of twenty-four
feet above the level of the rails. The four
main legs are tubes of drawn steel, eleven
inches in diameter. At the bottom of each
leg is placed a bogie truck, having four
wheels, the outside of the bogie being
I shaped like a double-ended boat to facili
| tate its passage through the water and also
remove any obstructions from the rails.
The four bogies are firmly held together
by steel tubular thrusts. The wheel base
is about twenty-eight feet and the effective
gauge eighteen feet, giving great stability.
The tops of the main legs are firmly
built into lattice girder work, carrying
the deck, and the whole structure is firmly
secured by cross ties, and is of great
strength although offering but a small
surface to the force of the waves. The
main deck is carried out exactly as if for
a steam yacht and measures fifty feet long
and twenty-two feet wide. The center
space of the deck is occupied by the sa
loon and the decorations are carried out
in a simple but effectivejmanner. The roof
of the saloon is railed round and forms a
promenade deck, seats being placed over
the glass dome and over the center of
the saloon. On this upper deck are placed
the controlling apparatus for driving and
stopping the cars. The total accommoda
tion is for 100 to 150 passengers. As the
journey will be undertaken more for the
sea air than for making the trip quickly,
the speed will be kept between six and
eight miles an hour. The driving ma
chinery consists of two SO horsepower
electric-motors, placed vertically imme
diately over two of the main legs, one on
each side of the car, the shafting being
carried down inside and communicating
with tooth-gearing which actuates the
wheels. The brakes are worked by rods
passing down the remaining two legs.
Th.c current at 500 volts will be conveyed
to the car by means of a trolley-pole and
overhead wire.
A Long Time Between Naps.
David Jones, Elwood's sleeplesß man,
whothreeyearsago went ninety-one nights
and days without sleep, and who broke
his own record last year by remaining
awake 131 nights and days, has entered
upon another period of sleeplessness which
promises to eclipse all former efforts. His
health does not suffer and his appetite is
always good. He is unable to reach any
satisfactory conclusions relative to his
strange affliction. He has now gone
twenty-one days and nights without sleep,
and he says that he feels as if he would
never sleep aay more. He is serving as a
Circuit Conrt juror.— Rochester (Ind.
Sentinel.
NEW TO-DAT.
f""¥| NOLAN BROS.
I'% 4 SHOE CO.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK
OF OUR
GREAT
CLEARANCE SALE
We have putthe balance of our
SALE STOCK
on
BARGAIN TABLES
And Will Close Them Out at About
25c ON THE DOLLAR.
LOTS OF SHOES
THAT COST $4, $5 AND $6 PER PAIR
WILL BE CLOSED OUT
AT $1 AND $1.50 PER PAIR.
OUR OWN MAKE— Ladies' extra quality fine
Paris Kid; button, cloth or kid tops, pointed
and narrow, square toes, diamond patent-
leather tips ...At $1 75 per pair
OUR OWN MAKE— Ladles' extra quality
French Kid Button, seamless foxed, kid or
cloth tops, satin finished, pointed or narrow
square toes, diamond patent-leather tips,
flexible soles At $2 50 per pair
OUR LIFE-SAVING SHOES
Are all the rage. Every lady should
have a pair for winter wear.
Made in all the latest styles, prices $3 and 94
per pair.
We will also close out 600 pairs of Ladles' Fine
Kid Button, pointed and square toes, patent-leather
tips, at $1 25 per pair, which Is less than cost.
LADIES' SPRING-HEEL SHOES.
We will close out 500 pairs of Ladles' Fine Paris
Kid Button, square toes and patent-leather tips,
spring heels, at $1 25 per pair. Widths A, B, C, D,
X and EE.
We will also close out full lines of Ladies'
FRENCH KID OXFORDS and SOUTH-
ERN TIES, all sizes, all widths
At 91 50 per pair
Regular price $2 50 per pair.
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES'
Fine Paris Kid Button, kid or cloth tops, square
toes, patent-leather tips, spring heels.
Sizes 5 to 8 900
Sizes 8i/ 2 toll $100
Sizes Yiy% to 2 $1 25
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES'
Heavy Pebble Goat Button, solid double soles,
standard screwed, cannot rip, sole-leather
tips.
Sizes 5 to 7% ; 90c
Sizes 8 to lOVfc $100
Sizes 11 to 2 ?1 25
INFANTS' SHOES.
Infants' French Kid Button, sizes 1 to 6%
50c per pair
THIS BEING STORMY WEATHER and
MEN'S HEAVY SHOES being in demand, we will
close out all our
MEN'S, BOYS' AND YOUTHS'
Heavy and Double Sole Shoes at an enormously low
price.
Send us your address and we will send yon a.
souvenir and catalogue, showing all the latest style
shoes and prices.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
STORES ON MARKET STREET.
DON'T BE MISLED BY MIS-
LEADING SIGNS.
Mail orders 'Will receive prompt at-
tention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 0" Fa mil St.,
PH£LAN BUILDING.
;• j Long Distance Telephone 5527.
FURNITURE
4 ROOMS
$80.
Parlor— Silk Brocatelle, 6-Pelce Suit, plush •
trimmed.
Bedroom- 7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand, two chairs, rocker and . table; pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dlnlng-Room— B-i'oot Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— Range, Patent Kitchen Table and two
Chairs.
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
O" Free packing and delivery across the bay.
©RATEFU««pOMFQItTINO.
■ -^^ at^^. g*m* m JC-i '* * " * '* v
EPPS'S COCOA
Sag S V? W wH& tylicJrfi*!
BREAKFAST-SUPPER .
' T»T A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF THI
Xr natural laws which govern the operations
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful applica-
tion *f the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper
• delicately flavored beverage, which may save us
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the Judicious
use of such articles of diet that a constitution may
be gradually built up until strong enough to resist
every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
wherever there is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fied with pure - blood ana a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold
only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
••AMES EPPS & CO., Ltd., Homoeopathic
Chemists, London, England.
T THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
JL eyes and nt them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instruments •of his own Invention, who«a
superiority has not been equaled. My success bM
been due to the merits of my work.
- UUice Hours— Vi to 4P. M.
2122
The
Theatres
jw- yj- IGH ART in the musical and j
1 1 dramatic departments languished j
I '.ast week. To be sure, there were
! a. few musical evenings, and one
or two of those horrors latterly
known as "piano recitals," during which
trembling pupils in gorgeous costumes
stumble through gems of classic music in
a manner which might well make the
bones of old composers rattle in their cof
fins, but as for music worthy the name
where could it be found?
At the Tivoli, to be sure, "Ixion" proved
a drawing card, but the music in it is not
much, and what there is worth hearing
consists of songs good enough in their
way, but having no connection with the
plot. The fact is that "Ixion's" success j
must be attributed to the admirable spec- \
tacular features and its liberal display of I
liimsily veiled female loveliness. But this 1
is not high art.
Drama has done a little better. The j
.rrawleys in "The Ensign" at the Colum- !
bia have shown some really good samples ;
ot acting; and at the California, "In Old
Kentucky" has proved quite an attraction.
"The Wolves of Xew York" at the Alcazar !
is what one might call "peculiar," though \
it has its &ood features. Some parts of it '.
are funny, but the pathetic scenes are
mawkish usque ad nauseam.
At Morosco's "A Man Without a Coun- !
try" has been holding forth at great length !
on his troubles, keeping his auditory in a I
continual shiver of harrowing uncertainty
regarding his final adjustment, which,
however, is satisfactory. The Orpheum
gives a good vaudeville entertainment, and
presented some new features last week and
promises more for this. Indeed, all the
theaters are making great promises for the
future, and apparently inteyd to make j
them good.
In this connection it is interesting to [
nole how miserably deceptive some of the !
most bombastic theatrical advertisements
are. They say that children and fools \
speak the truth. However that may be,
at one of the luridly advertised plays last
week a little miss of five summers or so
was heard to observe: "Well, if folkses
come here to have a good time they'd bet
ter go home."
But a better week is said to be coming, j
In view of the flatulent fiascos of the im
mediate past one cannot help wondering
what the new departure will be like.
At the r.:i!i! vrin.
Those who appreciate music of a high
grade — afrid their name in San Francisco is
legion— are on the gui vive to see what the
Tavary Opera Company can do in that
line. The company's engagement will
open at the Baldwin on the i>d of February,
and will be a brilliant success if the prom
ises of the advance aeents are even iar- '
tially Kept. Certain it is that the com- !
bination numbers, at least among its
principals, several thorough artists, whose
hi^h standing in the musical and dramatic
worid is beyond all cavil.
Marie Tavary herself is a very fortunate
woman. The voice which has made her
fortune is a magnificent soprano in which
brilliancy and pathos, silvery clearness
and a sympathetic velvety quality are |
strangely and beautifully combined.
Her method exemplifies all the accurate
precision of the German school, idealized
and endowed with a richness and color
distinctly Italian. Without her voice
Mme. Tavary would be a fine attress and
doubtless make her mark in the history of
the stage; but when her sparkling notes !
leap, lite fairies at play, from vault to
vauit and from pit to dome, it is the
PURCE KINGSLEY AS JOE LORF.Y "1> o!D KENTUCKY" AT THE CALL.
. OJtMLX TU£AIEU.
j singer, after aU, to whom the invariable
; tribute of tumultuous applause is paid.
But Mme. Tavary is wise enough not
to appear desirous of shining alone. Hence
she has surrounded herself with a com
pany which serves ncr rarher as a support
than as a foil. The prima donna mezzo
soprano, Mme. Thea Dorre, is an artist of
no ordinary ability.
Perhaps never in America has the title
role in "Carmen" been equaled by her fin
ished and vivid rendering, its most exact
ing features being brought out with an ap
! preciative, masterly ability which has
earned the gifted songstress many laurels.
Sophie Romani and Madame Lichter are
I both gifted with voices and dramatic
I ability of a high order, while the leading
contralto, Bella Tpmlins, is mistress of
tones so deep, so rich and mellow that her
| audiences never fail to succumb in glad
i recognition of the potent charm whose
j abiding place lies bidden deep within the
: lady's snowy throat.
Among the men, Albert L. Guille,
| Patti's favorite in the role of Edgardo in
i "Lucia," is perhaps the best. His Euro
! pean career and his elevation to the
i knightly rank at the court of Spain are
well-known matters of dramatic history.
Payne Clarke, said to be the best English
, tenor at present on the opera tic stage, is one
! of tne company's later acquisitions, while
Max Eugene, the well-known English
'. barytone, who sang with Carl Rosa in
; London and with Augustus Harris at
Covent Garden, will make his first appear
j ance with the company in this City.
Signor Abramoff, a" favorite basso at
more than one court theater in Europe,
'William Stephens, who was Emma Juch's
star tenor, and "Willian Schuster, the hand
; some basso cantante, are also in the com
pany, besides a chorus of unexceptional
ability and power.
A feature of the company is the grand
orchestra, which is said to be unsurpassed
■ in the excellence of its productions.
: The entire organization is under the
J able management of Charles H. Pratt,
i who was manager for Marie Roze, Clara
Louise Kellogg and the late Emma Abbott.
Carl Mertens is director of the chorus and
! orchestra, and the stage settings are said
to be superb. The company has about
, concluded a brilliant and very successful
; tour in Mexico, meeting with much favor
i from the press and people of the neigh
: boring republic.
During the company's first week in this
City the repertoire will be as follows:
Monday, "Aida" ; Tuesday, "Carmen";
Wednesday, matinee "The Bohemian
! Girl," evening "L°s Huguenots"; Thurs
: day, "Mignon": Friday, "Cavalleria Rus
i tic-ana" and "1 Pagliacci" ; Saturday, mati
nee "Martha," evening "Lohengrin."
The sale of seats will open on Tuesday
morning.
At the California.
Jacob Litt's vivid picture of ante-bellum
Southern life, "In Old Kentucky," begins
its second and last week to-morrow night.
The play has been phenomenally success
ful, both from the graceful, lively style in
which it is written and the able manner in
which it has been presented. The scenic
' j>.rtists and stase carpenters had a rare op
portunity to display their skill, and critics
say the view of the racetrack was one of the
most realistic specimens of mechanical art
work ever seen on a local stage. The com
pany has distinguished itself by careful,
artistic work, Miss Laura Burt, who created
the tart of charming Maude Brierly,
having made a name for herself as a first
class character soubrette.
The Kirn ball Opera Comique will open
! at the California next Monday in "Hen
drick Hudson Jr., or the Discovery of
Columbus." The bright operatic extrava
ganza conies from the able pens of Wil
liam Gill and Robert Frazier, and is said
to be well worthy of their combined skill.
The cast is said to include over forty
clever people, at the head of whom is
| Corinne, the well-known singer and
dancer, whose success latterly in London
was very marked. The piece closes with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
a transformation scene, "The Santa
Maria, or Columbus in Sight of Land,"
which is said to be a marvel in its way.
At the Tivoli.
"Ixion" still holds sway at this popular
opera-house, and the management has
decided to keep it on the- boards for an
other week. Some striking new features
are to be introduced, which will render the
last week of this popular production in
all probability more brilliant than any of
the preceding five weeks of "Ixion's" suc
cessful run.
•'A Gentle Savage" will be the attraction
during the week opening on February 3.
The piece is a satirical opera, in which
Indians, cowboys and gentle folks, both
Mexican and American, figure in a
strangely complicated plot. The "savage"
himself "is a full-blooded Indian chief,
yclept "Howling Swell," who has made a
tour of the world in order to study the
ways of civilized people.
As a result of his researches he comes to
the conclusion that civilization as a whole
is a failure, and since virtue loves the
middle course he decides to become semi
civiiized only in the hope of escaping the
uncouthiiess of barbarism on the one
hand and the corruptions of civilization
on the other. The scene is laid on the
frontier between the United States and
Mexico, and gives opportunities for a
number of striking and novel stage effects.
The libretto is the joint product of Miss
Estelle Clayton and Nym Crinkle, the
well-known dramatic critic. The music is
called melodious and catching, and is a
posthumous work of E. J. Darling, a
young composer whose brilliant, career was
cut off by an untimely death in the East,
Four Stars in the Tavary Opera Company, Which Opens at the Baldwin on Monday Night.
where hi» compositions were recognized as
having merit far above the average.
"Der Freischutz, 11 Yon Weber's master
piece, will follow "The Gentle Savage."
Rehearsals have already been in progress
for some weeks, and the presentation
promises to be a magnificent one. The in
cantation scene will be given with a num
ber of startling spectacular effects. The
opera is a rather ambitious attempt, but
the management seems confident that the
pieces will be presented in a manner never
before equaled in this City.
At the Columbia.
The Frawley Company is still winning
laurels and ducats with its powerful
plays and finished histrionic methods.
The next production at the Columbia will
be De Mille and Belasco's drama, "Men
and Women." The play is notable for
its vivid portrayal of varying human emo
tions. Ignorance, jealousy, love in all
shades and degrees, persecution, repent
ance and intrigue, all have a part in the
intricate plot of this powerful play. The
third act is said to be a very dramatic one,
a mysterious midnight meeting of bank
directors being one of its strongest
features.
At the Alcazar.
The successor to "The Wolves of New
York" at this Moorish temple of the
drama will be a portraiture of some phases
of San Francisco life entitled "A Canting
Scoundrel, or Wearing the Livery of
Heaven to Serve the Devil In." It is said
a certain individual is aimed at in the
character of the scoundrel, but who he is
will be left to the public decision. The
plot deals with a wealthy retired actress,
who is entrapped into marrying a mer
cenary hypocrite. Two other people sup
ply the personnel of a pretty love story,
which runs through the piece, and an old
actor is the one who sets everything right
in the last act.
There is little in the play that is new,
and the management appears to rely
chiefly upon its local coloring as an at
traction with the theater-going public.
The company has been augmented by the
re-eneagement of Hereward Hoyt and the
acquisition of Miss Margaret Marshall,
both of whom are well known for their
able, painstaking work. There will be
matinees on Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday afternoons, and a successful week
or two is anticipated.
At the Orpheum.
Music, particularly the music of a sym
pathetic, well-trained voice, is always a
gre/it attraction to all lovers of legitimate
amusement, and people of this sort have
found much to admire in Rachel Walker's
fine work at the Orpheum. The lady was
well advertised, but her voice and method
far surpass what the management had
SCENE FROM " THE EDITOR" AT MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
been led to expect. She^will sing a num
ber of new selections during the coming
week, and establish yet more strongly her
position as a gencarfovorite.
The De Witt and De Van sisters are still
popu'ar in their specialties, as are also the
Fonte Boni brothers and Messrs. Hawley
and Doyle. Next week the programmes will
be varied and interesting. Monsieur Bes
sell, a lightning modeler in clay from the
Paris Casino, and the well-known Eastern
comedy specialists, Hecly and Marba,
promise some new features in their re
spective lines.
At the Opera-Home.
Harry W. Morosco, business manager of
the Grand Opera-house, has selected a
popular attraction lor next week in Vin
cent & Aldrich's sparkling comedy-drama,
"The Editor." The plot centers about a
most engaging hero, whose social and
financial ruin is attempted by an unsuc
cessful rival in love's warfare. The vil
lain's intrigues lead through devious,
darksome ways to the usual satisfactory
conclusion, giving opportunity meanwhile
for many bits of interesting side play and
counter-plot.
The editor himself is supposed to hail
from Arizona, and during a visit to East
ern friends details his manner of conduct
ing the American Eagle, his paper. Amon»
other things he says events are reported
and printed in his journal before they take
place, or frequently without their taking
place at all — a state of things by no means
unfamiliar to the readers of some San
Francisco sheets. Among the other char
acters are a tearful but designing widow,
a cockney dandy and an eccentric janitor.
The piece will be well slaeed and entirely
new scenery employed.
Sousa's Band Concerts.
Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob <fe Co. have
made arrangements for a series of con
certs at the Mechanics' Pavilion by John
Philip Sousa's famous band. The con
certs will commence on the evening of
Friday, the 28th of February, and will
continue tue Saturday and Sunday follow
ing, with matinees and evening perform
ances on both days. Some original novel
ties will be introduced, amone others
"The Carnival of Nations," which will be
partly spectacular. Elaborate preparations
for the affair are in progress, but it is
understood that popular prices will pre
vail.
ECHOES FROM THE STAGE
What Weil-Known Singers and Actors
Are Doing and Where
They Are.
Nat Goodwin will play a short engage
ment in this City during the summer and
then leave for an engagement in Australia
and the colonies.
The Native Ron is coming to the front,
on the stage as everywhere else. One of
Frederick Warde's most efficient sup
porters in his present company is J. Lan
ders Stevens, a San Francisco boy.
James O'Neil has a new play entitled
•'The Dream of Matthew Wayne," which
he thinks of bringing out in the near
future. It is said to be a powerful compo
sition.
Mnib. Lichter, the new soprano of the
Tavary company, made a great hit in
Mexico, where the press went into raptures
over her high notes.
Carl Mertens, tlie veteran conductor, is
traveling with the Tavary company.
Thomas Keane is thinking of appearing
in the role of King Lear during his com
ing engagement at the California.
The programme for Paderewski's first
piano recital will be announced shortly.
Lillian Russell is as pretty as ever, and
as fat, but her adaptation of tbe revived
opera "The Little Duke," as adapted from
Meilhac and Halevy's "Le Petit Due," is
vapid and witless. Even Lecocq'a preity
music cannot aid the opera, and, with due
regard for Miss Russell's superb stage
presence, she is scarcely a "little" Duke.
The opera, in short, is a very small affair,
but Miss Russell is still a large success.
Fay Terupieton's royalties on the sale of
her song, "I Want Yer, Ma Honey," have
already exceeded, it is said, those* received
by the authors of "A Bicycle Built for
Two" and "Sliding Down My Cellar Door."
Eleanor Carey, who is announced to go
with Richard Mansfield, played the
Baroness in "A Parisian Romance" thir
teen years ago, when Mansfield made his
first appearance at the Union Square in
New York.
Princess Christian of Schleswig-Hol
stein, who is Queen Victoria's daughter
Helena, and her daughter, Princess Vic
toria, sang solo parts in "'The Messiah" at
a church concert at Slough recently.
Hubert Herkomer, the distinguished
English artist, suggests that the proscen
ium of the stage be made contractible. so
that there way be a different sized frame
for a scene representing a garret from that
used for an out-of-door picture.
In the big spectacular melodrama, "The
Sporting Duchess," there are over twenty
horse actors. They are ridden by profes
sional jockeys in the Derby race, with
which the melodrama clones, and they
strive with hoof and sinew to win the race,
running with tue same earnestness and
tire ns if they were in the real Derby
course. "The Sporting Duchess" ha"s
passed its two hundredth performance at
the Academy of Music, New York, where
it is playing to enormous receipts. It is a
tremendous play, with a wonderful cast,
and represents, it is said, an outlay by the
management of nearly $80,000, the' pro
duction having cost fully that much before
the curtain went up on the first night. It
will be produced at the Walnut Theater in
Philadelphia some time in March.
"The Great Diamond Robbery" played
in Pittsburg on Christmas day" to $2679.
The melodrama is doing a remarkably
great business on the road.
Fanny Davenport has by no means for
gotten her scheme for a home for old and
destitute actorß. She recently bad a con
ference with a real-estate firm, which offers
her a magnificent piece of property in
Westchester County. Miss Davenport is
willing to spend half a million dollars in
building and endowing the home, and has
already told her architect to go to work on
the plans.
The Bostonians will begin their annual
New York engagement at the Broadway
Theater on the 10th of February.
Fay Templeton lias a valet to take care
of the masculine raiment she wears in
"Excelsior Jr.," while Richard Harlow has
a maid to take care of the dresses he wears
in "1492."
Herrmann, the magician, made a run in
a special train from San Francisco to Mil
waukee in ninety hours, in order to keep
his engagement at the Davidson, boein
ning January 11. He left San Francisco
at 7 p. m. on Monday and arrived at Mil
waukee at 2 p. m. on Friday.
At the recent Covent Garden fancy dress
ball in London Mrs. Langtry wore a dress
embroidered with writhing black and green
snakes.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Po^ttL
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JAN. 26.
Parquet, any scat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c--
Children, nny part, 10c. .
— OVKUWHKLMING SUCCESS OF
OUR BRILLIANT NEW COMPANY !
RACHEL WALKER,
Tho Creole Nightingale— the Musical Sensation
. of the City.
SISTERS DE VAN,
SISTERS DE WITT, Etc.
' ■ -'-V *S6HSB«afia(B^ • - - ..-..-...■
NEW AMUSEMENTS. _^__—
° A E s R o A !BALDWIN THEATER-EXTRA. [ S ° EA E S R O A N
The Fashionable Musical A Season of
■ Event of the Year! Grand Opera,
BEGINNING MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3— For Three Weeks Only!
j^ffk THE FAMOUS MARIE
J|j|. THE FAMOUS MARIE
i <IL GRAND OPERA CO.
/^^'jT.j. -^>'-wO*_ ! =!i»2i Under the direction of CHARLES H. PRATT.
\ti ISK Kg " A large and powerful organization, com-
W/^a^^^^MX^^^^^^^^ plete In every detail, presenting GRAND (JPEKA
ii^^^^^liX^^^^^^^^^^f In En « list >. at the regular theater prices, in a man-
>fti^«?*%i^^^^^^^^^^g%>' ncr never before equaled. '
Sopranos ..MARIE TA VARY, SOPHIA ROM AVI and ANNA LICHTER
Contraltos..... THtA DOB RE, XELLIE FRA.VKI.YN and BELLA TOML IXB
Tenon A. L. GUILLE, WM. STEPHENS and PAYNE CLARKK
Barytones MAX EUGENE, H. S. DUDLEY and WM. SCHUSTER
Bassos.. ..A. ABRAHAiIHOFFand JOSEPH WITT Musical Director.... C arl Mabtksb
GRAND OPERA ORCHESTRA. GRAND CHORUS.
em- A COMPLETE AND PERFECT ENSEMBLE. -«1
REPERTOIRE FIRST WEEK: REPERTOIRE SECOND WEEK:
Monday "AIDA" Monday.... • CIA" and "CAVALLERIA
Tuesday "CABMEN" KUSTICANA" *">»-ia
Wed. .Mat, at pop prices, "BOHEMIAN OIIU," Tuesday .. "MIGVOV 1
Wednesday Night "HUGUENOTS" Wed. Matinee (at pop. prices) "MARTHA"
Thursday "MIGNON" Wednesday Night... . -All>\"
Friday.. ..••CAVALXERIA RUSTICANA" Thursday......^. ""CAKJIEX"
-' and "I P iGLIACCI" | Friday "FAUST"
Saturday Matinee "MARTHA" , Saturday Matinee "TROVATOKK"
Saturday Night "LOHENGRIN" i Saturday Night "TANNHAUSER"
UATP On account of the great demand the SALE OF SEATS FOR THE FIRST TWO
rail IF WEEKS WILL BEGIN TUESDAY. January 28. PRICES: Orchestra, Dress Circle
11V I &■■ and Front Balcony,- $1 50; Balcony, ; Gallery, 50c
CMBBBS TO-NIGHT I
Fond | |%. I
Good-toy m I
To JL A. .
-A- "vi t it 91 1 v
Xjcilao, B m $
CoTonol
m^' KENTUCKY
5^ 3 !r? > "' X '* 1 ' Tlx© Punny Ficliaiiinnies !
1 ,,,, The Tlxrilling Horse Haoe!
jtiox- a «-. xjq^l \7treel£ of the Big Sho-w!
BfOyPAY. FEBRUARY Bd— CORINNE in "HF^HRICK HUDSON JR."
;^^^^P^ # . rRICOLAfIOt3.C-OTTLO3n ro- usstJAnDnAiiAftU*—
I^K^'S^ "" ANOTHER SENSATION !
ffWie* Is A . N .9 TH . E ! _ G R AT PLAY !
Wt^l £j FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
T^^" 1 First Production Here by the
/t^^^^^^^T^^^^^W^ l^^^^ 1 * : " c and Belasco's Ma erpii .
( . 3 *^-* Cl » e *Cr^?" - a MAGNIFICENT presentation.
{*.f- \ * TWENTY-FIVE PEOPLE IN THE CAST !
Commencing Monday, January 27.
PHOSA MCALLISTER. MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
- ' SKATS — 15c, 3,">Ci s()c and 75c.
&A/yi/g4%b mm TO-DAY AT 2 P. HI.
&r ALCAZAR LAST TIME OF
THE WOLVES OF NEW YORK!
TO-MORROW— First Performance of the New Comedy of
San Francisco Life.
"A CANTING SCOUNDREL!"
TOE LIVERY OF HEAVES TO SERVE THE DEVIL.
An Ideal Cast Superbly Staged. You will all Want to see this Comedy.
It Is a New Departure.
USTiglat Prioea 100, 150, S3Oo, 350 and sOq,
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee an* Maaa*«
ANOTHER TREAT FOR ALL,
_'.  — COMMENCING
TO-MORROW EVENING MONDAY, JANUARY 27
VINCENT & ALDRICH'S GREAT COMEDY-DRAMA. '
THE EDITOR! THE EDITOR!
THE EDITOR! T-HE EDITOR!
A CLEVER AND HUMOROUS STORY OP TO-DAY.
NEW SCB2STE!R,Y ! RICH APPOINTMENTS I
AND
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES. "-.••'■•.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. 1-knicktijje Kbf.i.inu Proprietor <z Alau»is;
— EVERY EVENING
THIRD EDITION— THIRD EDITION
Of the Beautiful Spectacle,
"IXION !" "IXION ! M
Or, THE MAN OF THE WHEEL.
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCESt
—NEW SPECIALTIES !
NEW LOCALISMS!
IN PREPARATION
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE I"
A New American Opera In Three Acts.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
CENTRAL PARK.
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 2
INTERNATIONAL
BROADSWORD CONTESTS!
Mounted and on Foot. ' .
61000 ASIDE.
Baron Ivan Malehin — Champion of Russia
vs
Sergt. Owen Davis—Champion of America
CONTEST 2:30 P.M. ';
Admission, 25c. Reserved Seats (extra), lv.
MACOONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Two nights, beginning TO-.MQRROW (Monday), ,
SCHILLING'S FAMOUS MINSTRELS!
The best minstrel organization in America.
Secure seats— Popular prices. •
SHOOT THE CHUTES
TRIP THE^TROLLEY
TO-DAY, AT FOUR O'CLOCK,
MISS MILLIE VIOLA,
i ' Empress of the Air, ' .
WILL MAKE A BALLOON ASCENSION
AND PAKACHUTK DROP.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (Including Merry -Go- Round Ride), 10c.
RACING! RACING! RACINGI
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races stun at 2:00 P. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ea.Uk.
E. B. jaIJLROV. THUS. H. WILLIAMS JrT
Secretary. President.
RIGGS HOUSE,
"WTasliiiistoxi, 33. o.
The Hotel " Pur Excelleno."
Of ajeN-tio^ Capita O. DkWITT. Tr«M.
BenUl •■•. . G. D»WITT, Tro»»r
American plan, $3 per day and
upward. ;,- : ,*THE LATEST FASHION
GOSSIP
FOR
WOMEN
AND
MEN
LEAP YEAR balls and entertain
ments continue in high favor, es
pecially with the debutantes, al
thoueh they very guardedly avail
themselves of the privileges which
are presumably correct this year, and ttie
young beaux are behaving with rare mod
esty and discretion.
The past week has not been bo dull as its
predecessor, and the coming one promises
to be fairly gay, tiie leap year domino
party at the Presidio being much dis
cussed and an enjoyable time is predicted.
Indeed, there is something especially cozy
and attractive about that particular hop
room, which makes the success of a Pre
eidio dance a foregone conclusion. How
ever, but for the cotillons here the dancing
set would have a decidedly dull time,
which is a matter of surprise to strangers
when they contemplate the numerous
beautiful and commodious homes in this
City which remain closed from one year's
end to the other, while many a modest
little home is noted for its constant, warm
and elegant hospitality. Indeed, our most
successful and perfect hostesses are not by
any manner of means to be found only in
the spacious houses. Every one says the
living pictures were a success on Thursday
evening.
Chiromancy is quite a fad everywhere
at present, and some of our belles and
young matrons are remarkably clever.
One sweet-looking young woman is es
pecially so, and not only does she excel in
her set every one else in chiromancy, but
her predictions by means of cards are quite
unusual. It has' gone out of fashion to
relate only pleasant facts or fancies. All
the disagreeable ones must be stated as
well if the seer expects to be believed, and
every one smiles whether informed that
they may expect a fortune in two months
or that next summer they ma}' be drowned
while out yachting; and does the smile
denote a lack of faith? Why, not in the
least.
At the New Year's reception at the
White House Mrs. Cleveland looked un
visually ban-'.sorue and a? Jiap;>y as ever.
the was attired in a dress of striped ivory
and violet silk, adorned with rich sable.
At the dinner given last month by the
Bricesin Washington their service of "gold
was used, but it received but a passing
glance, says one who was present, on ac
count of the number of beautiful u'irls who
were there, and among them were Miss
Bonaparte, Miss Alice Belknap and Miss
Hays, who !ias beautiful eyes, besides the
daughters of the house, who are said to be
even more lovely than Carolus Duran
painted them.
Euchre and podro are being much more
played in the East, and it is predicted
thatj>edro will rapidly gain in favor here.
"Progressive euchre' 1 is much in vogue,
cards havine been issued for two large af
fairs during the past week.
Many papers, in speaking of Mrs. Oliver
F. P. Belmont, have said "she was the di
vorced wife of William K. Vanderbilt."
Now, Borne distinction should be made
showing whether a woman was divorced
by her husband, or whether sue divorced
him, and the sooner tnis is done the bet
ter, seeing that divorces occur with such
deplorable frequency.
At a very swell wedding down South a
few weeks ago the bride and groom knelt
on a rug of white roses. It may have been
effective, but could not have "been espe
cially comfortable.
Apropos of weddings, when Mile. Hercia
Ullinan married M. Marc Froment-Meu
rice many representative Parisians were
present who pronounced the jewels worn
the handsomest seen in Paris in years.
Many of the ladies wore aigrettes of" bril
liants in their hair. The aigrettes were at
tached by means of invisible wires that
mingled with the aigrette. The lower por
tion of these ornaments were in fern
shaped Persian and Indian designs. Other
aigrettes worn were in the form of pea
cock's feathers in diamonds, with a single
topaz or emerald eye. Others com
posed of d ; _>mond sprays of lilies of the
valley bound together by diamond buds
were much admired.
A round collar of jewels appeared as a
favorite form of neck ornament in geo
metrical design; for instance, crossbars of
diamonds had brilliants or colored stones
at the intersections, the brilliants forming
squares and conventional arrangements of
foliage. The design in precious Btones
was in some instances so mounted that a
velvet ribbon was inserted between the
jeweled pattern to its foundation. Jeweled
rings through wLich a chiffon scarf is
drawn are novelties as are also jet rings
used in the same way. To better explain
let me describe a gown worn at an im
portant dinner this season: It is of white
miroir moire with jet belt. There are deli
cate chiffon scarfs drawn through jet
rings hanging from the waist to the hem
at the back. At this same dinner an at
tractive costume was of a chine pattern of
delicate rosebuds with bodice and drapery
of pale pink and light yellow chiffou.
From Paris comes the description of a
reception toilet of shot moire, made en
princess, .the upper part and the sleeves
being of yellow satin, covered with pink
accordion pleated chiffon. Puffings of
yellow satin ribbon finished the sleeves
and neck, which were cut below the shoul
ders and held over the shoulders by a
bandeau of colored Btones and pearls form
inea bow. The trained skirt was beauti
fully jeweled to match the waist.
The Louis XIII coat is the favorite of
worth, Paquin and Doucet; as a result
never have such coats been seen ; they are
artistic triumphs, dreams of delight. They
*™ mad « m the loveliest shades of satin,
wuti embossed flowers in deeper tints,
and in printed velvets of the most ex
qmiite quility. Some in pistache green,
with bunches of crimson or pink roses,
others in silvery gray, covered with trail
ing nasturtiums fit pale yellows and the
deepest shades of orange. Again, others
are to be seen in blues of many tones,
from the ciel to the bleu de France, with
raised floral designs in contrasting colors.
Ail are cut with short fronts, and the re
tereo are of one frequently or even two
A VISITING GOWN.
shades of plain satin, which perfectly bar- '
monize. —The undulating basque starts
from the nips.
Louis XV coats are also in great vogue in !
black velvet. They are a great deal longer j
than the Louis XVI ones, and are worn i
with very full skirts of blacfc satin or j
velvet, or even with very handsome trlossy ;
broadcloth. A correspondent says: "They
have revers of white satin bordered flatly
along the edge with black velvet on which
i 9 an overlying vine of the finest white
point applique lace. Miniature buttons in
porcelain outline the waist in back and
front. The broad back effect, without, a
seam down the middle, is preserved in
such coats. Lyons tulle, of creamy white
ness, is in liigh pleatings on each side of
the satin stock collar of many folds, while
in the back is a large knot of white satin
covered with tulle. The sleeves of this
coat are of gigots of the velvet, with cuffs
matching the revers of white satin and
lace."
The calling gown illustrated this week
has a skirt of green-face cloth, the coat
being of green velvet, shot with pink. The
r waist coat is of pompadour brocade, flow
ered in pink andgreen. The buttons are
of exquisite pink and green enamel on an
ivory ground. Fine lace composes the
yoke. The toque is of shot velvet, green
and pink, and the feathers dark green.
The ornament in front is handsomely jew
eled.
The house dress is composed of a skirt
of soft brown cashmere, the sleeves beine
of the same. The waist 13 very tasteful,
the front being of a pretty figured chine
silk, with crimson flowers on a light
brown ground ; the rest of it is of crimson
velvet, with an artistic little
around it. Tnis dress commends
itself to> tasteful women, who have
many such gowns made at home, and
who understand combinations. It is posi
tively wonderful to see how one woman
will spend exactly the same sum of money
on a dress as her sister, and it will look
like a patchwork quilt, and her sister's
like a French creation, but then people
void of taste never realize what guys they
are. They are regarded with much ap-
A House Dress.
proval by many dressmakers, who can
successfully palm off on them marvelous
toilettes. Such unfortunates when blessed
with means should hire a reliable woman
who will give them advice.
The rest of the room was in keeping
with this beginning, Sheraton chairs next
neighbors to rickety gilded French affairs
upholstered in plush, and the owner of
this nightmare room has lucre galore. I
found it a positive relief .later to let my
eyes wonder over a wee bit of a tea room
furnished in wicker. There was a dull
Persian rug on the floor, and on a divan
cushions of mellow artistic shades. Noth
ing jarred. The odd Japanese teaset was
very simple, being of egg-shell china on
the crimson ground of which were many
mandarins, the shape of the cups and tea
pot only being unusual, but the effect was
charming, even if ail the furniture was
not worth half so much as that
dear lovely old Chippendale cabinet.
I trust it may be in, better company one
of these days.
But really 1 had no intention of
leaving the subject of gowns just yet
awhile, so to return abruptly. The
wedding dress depicted is, as you see,
simple in general effect, but the lace
should be costly if used at all. It is just
the gown for a tall, slender maiden; in
deed it would become most figures. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
' bridesmaid is attired in a rose taffeta; the
vest of ivory silk is covered with dainty
green Dresden figures. The toque is of
pink velvet roses with a large black
! eigette — delightfully Frenchy. Gloves of
I cream-white suede complete it.
Somebody is always having an opera
| cloak made, so I will describe one of the
I very latest. It is in the loose coat style,
! with a collar and facing of s^.bie ami a
I lining of pale blue satin, the exterior
! being of a light gray printed velvet coy-
Riding Habit of Irish Frieze, With Tat
tcrsall Waistcoat.
ered with pink roses. Few can afford
such a cloak, but even the simplest wrap
should be selected with much discrimina
tion, and 1 speak from experience. Very
beautiful cloaks can be made at home at
small cost by the bright little dressmaker.
At the present moment, "when printed
velvets have displaced phiin ones, large
stores here have been selling at $1 15 a
yard plain silk-bucked velvets, rich and
beautiful in color. To confess the truth I
doubted about the silK backs, so I paid the
store a visit, and was sorely tempted to
order enough of a sapphine blue for just
such a cloak as 1 have been talking about.
Now the printed velvets are a passing fash
ion and silk velvet, even if plain, is always
handsome and so becoming.
The French designers are effusively wel
coming back the princess dress, as they de
clare it is the only style which should be
worn by short women with a tendency to
be overplump. But to confess the truth I
have never fancied them, as they will fre
quently look like tea gowns when made
for the house and like cloaks when of
tapestry cloth and trimmed with fur or
velvet.
The Marie Antoinette fichus continue in
great vogue, beincr made with either long
or short ends to wear with either low or
high bodices, and they can be made in
many fabrics. Muslin, chiffon, taffetas and
rich gJaee taffeta silk are nil used, as well
as velvet, jetted or spangled with steel
and finished with a narrow fur border or
pinked out ruches or plisses. The fichu is
sometimes made rather large, lined with
silk and tied at the back with long ends.
The large collars are also popular, being
a sort of Medicis collar, made of a ruche
of black satin, from which arise numerous
small black feathers, reaching as high as
the ears, and well protecting the back of
the neck. Some are of colored veivet, fin
ißhed in front with, two ends of cream
guipure. Then there is the collar fichu,
made of Thibet goat fur, which crosses in
front and falls at the back in long ends
almost to trie hem of the skirt.
In Paris every one is Bpeaking of Re
jane's beautiful gowns worn in "Viveurs."
One."a toilette de ville," is of pinkish helio
trope cloth.embroidered with Parma violets
and gray leaves in relief, the skirt ground
length with godets, blouse bodice of violet
lawn and masses of lace; violet velvet
band, collet of dark Parma violet velvet,
embroidered with jet and a large lace scarf
in front, sable collar and Watteau hat.
Crepon to every one's surprise is still
fashionable, one gown having just been
completed in Paris by a famous house of
this fabric. It is of white crepon em
broidered with roses and wild convolvulus
in relief; lace chemisette, red velvet band
embroidered with jewels, cigot sleeves of
gray moire velvet falling over tDe hands;
bonnet of shaded chrysanthemums with
little white wings starting up. This con
ception would have to be seen to be appre
ciated, as from the description I should not
care for it in the least. Last week I spoke
of evening costumes with entire fronts of
fur, and in the copy of Vogue received to
day there is given a truly elegant toilette
intended fora bride's visiting gown. It is
of royal blue velvet, straight gored skirt
walking length, which has two wide grad
uated front panels of white ermine. The
bodice is round and seamless with a front
of ermine, girdled with a costly jeweled
belt. The large full sleeves are of the vel
vet with ermine epaulettes and rolling
cuffs, the Marie Antoinette muffs and liigh
collar are of the ermine, and this new
model shows how correct I am in saying
that plain velvets are not to be despised.
Skirts are shrinking in size in Paris, and
the swellest of cloth dresses are of the very
best quality of ladies' cloth, which should
be lined with cherry, blue, crimson or
purple silk. Black is used, but is not in
the least chic. Marcella.
POE MEN.
Frock coats are silk faced and never
bound, that fashion went out many years
ago.
For mcming and afternoon wear mother
of pearl studs are suitable.
Mornine cutaway coats are made not un
like shooting-coats; they are not abruptly
cut away, but more like a sack coat. They
have three buttons, the pockets have flaps,
they are single breasted with a notched"
collar and may be made of vicuna or any
mixed goods.
When traveling with your valet he acts
BRIDAL AND BRIDESMAID'S GOWN.
as courier, gets your tickets, checks your
trunks and boxes and takes charge of your
smaller belongings. He rides in the ordi
nary car, never in the drawing-room. He
should never be allowed to wear any jew
elry, not even a ring, and of course his
face must be hairless.
Him informs us that the very bright
est of bright waistcoats are the fashion in
New York, having just reached our shores,
after being "the correct thing" for two
years in London, and there is a rage for
white gloves, not the cape. They have
been worn for a considerable time, but
white kid for afternoon entertainments,
such as wedding receptions, etc.
This authority has just received from his
Fifth-avenue tailor a brown morning suit,
which be had made after a London model.
He says: "It is a great success. The coat
is sack and it fits just loosely enough, a
difficulty which our best tailors now seem
to have overcome. The brown overcoat is
of a darker shade, one which I can wear,
it is so dark, with a top hat. This also tits
loosely, but is not in the least bulky."
Patent leather boots are suitable for
afternoon wear, and should not be worn
in the morning.
No man can nowadays pretend to com
prehend the meaning of good form who
does not tie his own scarf, and until he
has mastered the intricacies of Ascot,
Derby and bow he had best keep in strict
retirement. Tne Ascots are to be had in
various widths and gradations, and maybe
lined, partly lined or unlined. In Derbys
come ihe "graduated," the flowing end,
the folded de Joinville and the straight
banded affairs.
In bows there are the pointed or
bangerf ends, the straight cut and the
graduated. The De joinville will always
give the best scarf effect. It is never
lined and very handsome silk is usually
emnloyed. thus preventing this fashion
from becoming common, and when order
ing one be sure to have the band wide.
Ties are exceedingly popular and vary in
widths from seven-eighths of an inch up
to 1% inches. They are to be had at all
good haberdashers to fit any size collar.
Lawn ties are made in tbe same lengths
and widths as silk ones. Those wnh em
broidered ends are not to be thought of.
C. C.
NEW TO-DAT.
M ijr^jjf If U
7 tr r III XI"
,^^%nf^\% FACES!
phMii rVwttti rfl|.r\i
\ TuttTit««u*v • ■ nllLui
No artificial complexion or ."enameled beauty"
ought to be tolerated since the discovery of that
wonderful scientific skin food, - .
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
The skin absorbs it— feeds on and Is purified
of Blemishes, Wrinkles are filled out and healthy
color ■ restored. Naturally beautiful complexions
are made proof Against the ravages of time, work
and worry. .
MBS. HARRISON uses it. She Is 40 and looks
25. Jar, lasting three months, 75 cents. ' v ,,,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR :
Permanently removed by the only successful
means ever discovered— the Electric ' Needle, as
operated by Mrs. Harrison. '
Tt?T AT POT LaA s out or town
L±X±l\.lj lUI. sending this ad with
10c in stamps will receive a . book of instructions
and a box of Loin Montez Creme and Face Fowaer
FREE. :•-'- •
Come this week to my parlors and see what I can
do for you. lftj{g^fi*f^^j^^SJfeEgy»*s«MgJ
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco; Cal.
BAB TALKS ABOUT WIVES
Those Who Talk and Know When
to Keep a Discreet
Silence.
BUT THERE ARE OTHER KINDS.
The Difference Between American and
French Politeness to
Women.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21, 1896.—
The cleverest thing that very clever
man, Benjamin Harrison, ever said, was
in praise of a certain lady. Of her he is
credited with saying: "She knows how
to talk when you want to talk, and she
knows how to keep quiet when you want
to think." There have been books writ
ten on "How to Be Happy Though Mar
ried," on "How to Keep a Husband," on
"How to Get a Home and How to Keep
It," on "The Art of Living." Indeed,
there have been books written with all
sorts of titles, to tell women how to keep
their husbands at home and in love with
them, but there has never been a book that
summed up the whole situation as well as
that sentence does.
Mr. James Banker comes borne from
Wall street, tosse3 off hia business clothes,
dresses for dinner and then chats and en
joys the chat of a charming woman.
Possibly, after dinner, he remembers
something, his sentences crow shorter,
and wise Mrs. Banker ceases to speak and
permits him to think. If he raises his
eyes he sees a pretty woman who has
tact enough to seem employed about
something — a book or a bit of needle-
work — but something that can be dropped
when he is Teady to talk again. His
younger brother is not so fortunate.
He has married a wife who permits no
thinking time unless he is away from the
home, so called, and he has to undergo
histories of the neighborhood, of the
household worries, of the children, of the
servants and of all the other wonderful
things that a woman can talk about when
she possesses what might be called an un
interrupted flow of language. Another
brother is quite as badly off— his wife meets
NEW TO-PAY.
Special Saving Sale.
Haviland
China
j/T&\ Fine Thin
f^j^^S lea Cups
'■fir C^jr and Saucers,
; ''.. jP'f* i *f ~syT beautiful
J^ ! \K &~\ « hand -paint*
«t^/'J&^)\'< -~ ed decora
VrCW WMi "*% tiOl at 25
ViTSi? JuDy I ' cents per
ttJJUA r Wj^B^r Dessert o r
JTOL^df^ 5^ &» Tea Plates to
fi\ /r^^Cl----"**'**** match at
I jfill 25 cents
V I V * ■ 1 each. Just
V/ \ * think of it—
t^f Haviland
China Tea Cups and Plates at 25
cents. But don't forget that Wed-
nesday nightends it.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE—
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANQENHEIM, STERNHEin& CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
; BELOW MONTGOMERY
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS ■:'' '":-
As I have ordered direct from ■ BfM
the manufacturers a full and CsEar
complete assortment of the la- i*J» ;
test designs In Spuing and Sum-, ; •£ y
mkb Goods, 1 therefore offer my _J&k
entire stock of "Woolens now JSQ^tV
on hand at Prices never before HMsS^^k
offered In San Francisco. . v^.^^^s l^^
GUARANTEED GENUINE *^9'
ENGLISH CASSIMERE iPi Hl '
PANTS TO ORDER : - R^i W
FORMERLY ' BXDCCED TO ||^jfgS
$10.00 $6.50 I 1 Wjr ; ''
ALL WOOL SUITS I Mnl
TO ORDER : ■ 111
FORMERLY REDUCED TO H 18
$25.00 $17.50 I H
All other Garments Reduced ""^"wKUlr^Sk
In like proportion. You will do ■ ' lE*-"-
well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and give
me a call before buying elsewhere. '■•:,■ /
. " Bespectfulljr yours,-
JOE POHEIM. The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Basil,
724 Market St. and 1110 ft 1112 Market St.
. - SAN FRANCISCO, CAU • r-v >■*,£
E "PATENTS! 3
>te£>22Q MARKET SJ.Sl?§£i/
a bright speech with an indifferent stare
or a short answer, and proposes that he
shall think all his time. The woman who
can talk when you want to talk and keep j
quiet when you want to think is the I
woman to be looking out for, irtasmuch
as she is the proper one for you to marry.
If a talkative woman is married to an
Englishman, he coolly and calmly, either
by indifference or brutality, gives her to !
understand that he don't want to listen to |
her. A Frenchman will endure as long as i
he can and then depart to his club, and, if j
he desires to think for any length of time,
he is perfectly capable of finding some
lady sufficiently congenial to permit him
to indulge in thoughts while in her pres
ence. An American — well, an American is
always polite, and if a woman will talk, j
will persist in talking, and never allows
even tiie thought of the thinking-cap, it
dawns on him how easily divorce
may be got in some States. Speaking
of French people reminds me that the
politenesß usually credited them is rather
exaggerated. A Frenchman's politeness is
like the icing on a plum cake— there is no
great depth to it, and it is by no means the
best portion. An Englishman is more or
less polite, as he chooses to be, to the
woman in whom he is interested, but to
the world at large he is an unmitigated
boor. It is true that if one fell into the
river an Englishman would rescue one
without making any row about it, but one
can't go tumbling into rivers every day,
and it does seem to me that a little less ex
traordinary bravery and a little iriore con
sideration about trifleß would make all life
smoother.
An American is polite to a woman be
cause she is a woman, and not, as a
Frenchman supposes, because he expects
favors from her in return. She is a
woman, and he, stronger in every way, can
afford to cater to her whims, respect her
likes, and make himself her obedient
servant. I often think he is too obedient;
but still he is very nice. It doesn't hurt
women, indeed it is very good for them,
quite as fattening as sweets, and much
more efficacious in keeping wrinkles off
their face than any well-advertised cos- |
metic, to feel that they have their own j
way. Enthusiastic? Yes, lam once in a
while, when I compare our men with for
eigners. You know ihe old saying, "When
he dies, a good New Yorker goes to Paris."
Well, if that is so, when she dies a good
English woman in paradise gets an Amer
ican husband.
These awfully cold days people have
been saying how sorry they are for the
poor, but I don't feel so very sorry for the
awful poor, who can go to missions, and
all the other wonderful places, and have
things given to them. Ido feel sorry for
such poverty as I heard of the other day.
Two gentlewomen, mother and daughter,
who used to give French lessons, but be
cause of the hard times have lost their
scholars, were discovered sitting on the
floor, because they were burning the last
chair they possessed. And they had had
nothing to eat for forty-eight hours I The
mother was over 70 and the daughter over
50. They were refined, well-bred women,
not ashamed to work, but ashamed
to beg. How many more are there like
them? God help the genteel poor! Help
that household where there are three or
four little tots, a father out of work, and a
mother helpless, because the youngest of
the babies is only four weeks old. God
help the poor gentlewoman, who has to
support somebody else, and yet must look
genteel, and so during that freezing
weather annoyed one of her wealthy
scholars because she shivered so. That
girl would have shivered, too, if her under
wear had been the kind that she usually
dedicates only to summer days. And pity
is wanted for those households where there
has to be an effort made to keep up a good
appearance.
The Bible says it is hard for a rich man
to get to heaven. If that is true it must
be because the sins committed by the poor
are forgiven them, for it is poverty that ia
demoralizing. The people to be pitied are
those of the immense army of the shabby
genteel, and the woman to be pitied is that
young one with every capability for en
joyment, with a feminine love for pretty |
clothes, with a liking for all dainty things I
that belong by right to pretty "women,
and who is truly woman enough to sigh
out her wants all by herself and look
NEW TO-DAT.
107-109 POST STREET,
1220-1222-1224 3VL-A-3FJ.aBIE!T STREET.
More Mark=downs
Mark=downs on everything===the last
days of the Annual Clearance Sales===
the final price=cutting===Many Spring
Novelties at alluring prices.
Dress Goods %s*&*j!£?
Mark- Downs.
able.
CAMEL' AIR CHEVIOTS— 3B Inches wide
I and strictly all wool— the 60c kind— need a
new every-day dress ? They are only 25c a
yard.
FANCY PIN CHECKS-40 inches wide-neat
dark colorings — imported goods— not many
pieces left— come quick. 25c a yard.
i Hi;.-'. 1
SCOTCH HEATHER NOVELTY SUITING—
silk and wool— neat mixtures— rough effects—
4 6 inches in width— dressy and half price.
60c a yard. ' -~>- !
NOVELTY NIGGERHEAD SUITINGS— 3B
inches — colored grounds with black effects
—strictly all ; wool— were ■ 75c— they are latest
styles received in this city. 60c a yard.
ENGLISH COVERT CLOTH— S4 inches wide
—genuine double-faced— all wool — tans,
grays and mixtures— were ?1. Now only 50c
yard. t:^ •
; . Market-st. store i
. Riontrpf *' only for Blank- I
DlcUlKCl ets. if yon can't
Mark=Downs. use iem now :
iviarK'Uowns. buy for next
year.
The best Blankets In the world • are made in
California. Here are three CALIFORNIA
WHITE WOOL BLANKETS at irresistibly
low prices:
- 64x80 inches, $6 grade... ....'. $4 00 a pair !
68x80 inches, $6 50 grade $1 50 a pair
72x80 inches, 10 grade... .88 00 a pair
Here are three lines of GOOD HEAVY EAST-
.'• ERN BLANKETS at unheard-of low prices: ' '
10-4 light brown, $1 50 grade $1 00 a pair
10-4 white, $2 grade $1 25 a pair
11-4 white, $3 60 grade ....?2 75 a pair
Buy a Silk Waist this week. Such Silk
offerings as we make now make Silk the
cheapest fabric to wear.
cheerful. It is hard to know that you are
better looking thau your rich cousin, but
that you can't have a fresh or a
fresh pair of gloves. It is hard to know
that you would enjoy a book or a picture,
or a visit to the theater, but that you can't
have it because the money must go for
sensible things. I can perfectly sympa
thize with the people, the genteel poor,
who loathe sensible Christmas gifts, and
who maintain that that is the time to give
them some of the luxuries of life. Always
there conies before me when I talk this
way, fair-haired, green-eyed, smart-figured
little Becky Sharp, who summed it all up
when she said: "It is so easy to be good
on ten thousand a year."
With leap year there has, of course, come
in some new ideas in the way of entertain
ing. The most amusing, and the latest, is
the widows' luncheon. It was given ex
clusively to young widows. The flowers
on the table were violets, pansies and
lilacs, with their natural leaves, and great
quantities of ferns, for preen is the color of
hope. Candles were in their sticks, and
made the proper soft light. The bouquets
were violets, tied with long mauve ribbons,
and the menus of mauve satin ribbon,
with the belongings, that is the coquettish
trappings of widowhood— the tiny cap, the
jet brooch and bracelets and the black
gauze fan, painted in one corner. Glace
fruits were in dishes, with musical boxes
underneath; one, suggestively enough,
played
Should auld acquaintance be forgot,
while another one took up that rollicking
song which tells a man,
If for widows you sigh.
Learn to kiss, not to cry.
As far as possible the guests wore white,
black or mauve. The quotations on the
name cards were appropriate, One was:
Widow, so I say, be your own friend;
Your husband left you wealthy, aye, and wise;
Continue so, sweet duek — Continue so.
One woman, whose widowhood was the
kind best represented by a bunch of ferns
and arranged for in Dakota, had upon hers
Lady Teazle's inirrutaUe request, "You
rnado me a wife, for which lam much
obliged to you ; and if you have a wish to
make me more grateful still, make me a
widow." Anotherone announced that "A
widow has to assume all the innocence of
a young girl without her ignorance." A
clever woman can get up an affair like
this and make no end of fun of it because
when the loving cup is passed around it
can be drunic standing and in silence, and
"To toe men, God rest them." Bab.
GIRLS OF TO-DAT.
Girls of to-day ! Give ear!
Never since time began
Has come to the race of man
A year, a day, an hour,
So full of promise and power
as the time that now is here!
Here at the gates of gold
You stand in me pride of youth,
Strong in courage and truth,
Stirred by a force kept back,
Through centuries long and block,
Armed with a power threefold !
First: You are makers of men!
Then bo the things you preach !
.Let your own greatness teach !
When mo hers like this you see
Hen will be strong and free-
Then, and not till then I
Second: Since Adam fell, .
Have you not heard it said
That men by women are led?
True Is the saying— true!
Bee to it what you do!
Bee that you lead them well !
Third : You have work of your own!
Maid and mother and wife,
Look in the face of life!
There are duties you owe the race!
Outside your dwelling-place
Toern is work for you alone!
Maid and mother and wife,
See your own work be done !
Be worthy a noble son !
Help man in the upward way!
Truly a girl of to-day
is the strongest thing in life!
Queer Hungarian Aversion.
The Hungarians have an irreconcilable
aversion to the name of Qneen, and conse
quently whenever a female succeeds to the
turone of Hungary she reigns with the
title of King. Thus, in 1383, when Mary,
the daughter of Charles Duras, came to the
crown, she was styled King Mary.
. ■ . -
PlrinnelfttP Market-st- store
1 lClllllClCllC only for Flannel-
iV\ r F = Dnw n ettes - Ver special
IV-17UWII. indeed these.
GOOD ENGLISH FLANNELETTE— "fuzzy"
on both sides— thiCK and warm— usually
pay 12 desirable figured patterns in pink,
tan, blue and maize. This week only, 5c yard.
Handkerchief ££?•&£?
Mark=downs. W£ W(m , tlaat .
MEN'S HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS— unlaundered— hand-worked initial!
—foil size— received— bought to sell at 26c.
. but marked down to 10c each. ■
■ WOMEN'S SWISS EMBROIDERED HAND-
. KERCHIEFS — scalloped edges — handsome
"patterns and large assortment. Instead of 25c
this week at 12 c each.
HAND -DRAWN WORK HANDKER-
CHIEFS— Mexican work on fine bright
grass ltnen— ten intricate designs-would make
nice table ■ squares— a novelty received last
week— should be double prices asked. 60c and
75c each. .',. ■
Hosiery KS£T&
Mark-ppwns. %£%££%&
," .'. -■' 'j' wearing qualities
I CHILDREN'S WOOL HOSE— Derby ribbed—
-,■ merino, heels and toes— absolutely fast black—
sizes 7 to 8y — marked down from 35c to 25c a
pair.
LADIES' COTTON HOSE- Plain or Riche-
. lieu rihbed— fast black— with or without white
■ feet— two unusual values at prices asked. 26c
■ and 33V'3fc • .
New Buttons -Sfe/fflfe.
Just Received. £"%£ the
The stocks embrace the most unique and novel
■ : -/. designs in Rhinestone, pearl, jet, bone, etc.
2324
IN CHILDHOODS REALM.
The Man in the Moon.
OH, the man In the moon has a crick la his
back;
Wheel
Whimni!
Ain't you sorry for him?
A molpon his nose that is purple and Mack;
And his eyes are so weak that they water and run,
If he dares to dream even he looks at the sun:
So he jus: dreams of stars, as the doctors advise,
My!
Kyes!
But Isn't he wise!
To just dream of stars us the doctors advise.
And the man in the moon has a boil on his ear,
Whoe!
Whine!
What a singular thing!
I know : but these facts are authentic, ray dear—
There's a boil on bis ear, and a corn on his chin —
Jle calls it a riimnle. but dimples stick in;
Vet ii might be a dimple turned over you know;
Wham.-:
Ho!
Why, certainly so!
It might be a dimple turned over, you know.
And the man in the moon has a rheumatic knee;
Gee!
Whl7X!
What a pity that is!
And hi* toes have worked round where his heels
ought to be:
So whenever he wants to cr> north be goes south,
Ami comes back with the porridge crumbs all
'round his mouth.
And he brushes them off with a Japanese fan;
Wbing!
Warm !
What a marvelous man!
What a very remarkable, marvelous many
— J. W. Kiley in Indianapolis Journal.
Legend of the Garnet and the Snowdrop.
Hundreds of years ago there lived in the
heart of the forest a beautiful lady who
was sad and lonely, for year after year
passed by and no little boy or girl came to
bless her home. Nightly she would wander
forth looking at the beautiful stars, the
tall trees swaying gracefully in the wind
and the pretty flowers growing at her feet
and all around her. Yet these beautiful
things did not make her happy, for the
pain was still in her heart and she could
not drive it away.
One January night she wandered farther
into the depths ol the forest than she ever
bad before. At last growing weary she
sank down on a mossy knoll. Suddenly a
beautiful light shone, and out of the light
stepped the fairy Queen Titania, who
coming up close to the beautiful lady thus
addressed her, "0 mortal, why dost
thou look so Bad and why weepest thou?"
Then the lady answered: "For these
many years I have longed and waited for
a little child who would cheer and brighten
ray declining days. Now my life on earth
is almost o'er, yet, as the years go by. the
pain in my heart grows deeper and deeper.
For the remaining few years of my life I
am doomed to roam the forests and sit in
my home alone." "Mortal," said the
Queen, "if thou wilt do as I desire I shall
grant to you the hope and longing of your
life."
"0 most gracious Queen," cried the
Swinging on the Hammock.
Fad lady, "give to me a little child and I
will be your slave ever after."
•Even k),"' said Titania; "follow me, nnd
after you have seen the things which I
shall "show you, if you still long for the
hope of your heart 1 will yrant it to you,
but upon one condition only." The Queen
waved her wand of gold and silver, and as
she did so the sad lady was wafted into a
lovely garden; here a bed of roses; here a
cluster of snow-white lilies; there violets,
both white and bine; while all around
strains of sweet music, now sad, now
cheerful, came to the lady's ears.
Streams of water sparkling with jewels
rippled at her feet. Fairy voices floated
above and below. Little boys darted here,
li; tie girls ran thither, while over the
green, mossy sward came the swelling
notes of myriads of birds, keeping time to
the steps of the fairy dancers. The sun
shone bright over all, kissing the dew
drops that dangled from ihe rose leaves
and glistening the tear drops that hung on
id lady's cheeks. "Mortal," said the
Queen, and her voice sounded far away,
"these are the children of joy and of
love. Thi=, the garden of happiness and
peace. Wilt thou remain with us and
share the pleasures and delights of this
happy garden, or wilt thou return to thy
home with but one little child to bless and
to love? 1 '
The sad-eyed lady knelt at the Queen's
fpet, murmuring. "0 beautiful Queen, a
life here would be one perpetual joy, but,
Queen Titania, let me return to my home
with one little child to bless me and I will
be content."
"Thou shalt have what thou desirest,"
the Queen answered softly. She waved
her wand, when the soft "bed of violets
parted, and in their place stood a tiny
basket. Lifting it up the Queen gently
placed it in the hands of the beautiful
lady, saying: -'Queen Titania bestows
upon you a little child, one who will guide
and bless your declining years. But thou
must not open or look into the basket
until thou hast reached thine own fire-
Bide."
"Oh, I will promise you that," cried the
now happy lad y.
'•Remember,' 1 said the Queen, as she
waved her wand, "one look into the basket
and thy child is gone." The lady was
slowly wafted to the mossy seat where
Queen Titania first found her. How happy
phe feit when, looking down, she saw the
tiny basket still in her hands, and jumping
up joyously began to retrace her steps to her
home. She had not gone far when a tiny
Bprite, dressed in flaming yellow, stood be
fore her, bowing low. He said in soft
tones, "Most gracious lady, I am
the lord high messenger" of her
Majesty the fairy Queen Titania. The
Queen bids me tell you that she revokes
her order and that thou may' st open the
basket whenever it doth please* thee."
The lady was so happy to hear these words
spoken by the messenger that, without a
moment's thought, eke lifted the lid of
the basket, when lo! the tiny messenger
and basket disappeared, and Queen
Titania stood before ner.
"Mortal," said ths Queen, sadly, "thou
hast broken thy promise, and for "thy mis
deed age after age blood-red tears shalt
flow from thine eyes, and as they fall,
sinking deep and ever deeper into the
ground, they shalt be turned to stone and
the stone shalt be called the garnet. For
its great beauty many men will risk their
lives; and behold, even now where thy
tears fall, a lowly flower bursts forth—
the snowdrop, which shall be the child of
consolation to all sorrowing mothers and
to the weeping world. And all children
who seek tiie earth in the month of Janu
ary shall have for their heritage a crown
of garnets and a garland of snowdrops."
A Doll's House.
Two hundred years aLoarich old lady
took it into her head to have a perfect
model of a house made, with doils to rep
resent the different kinds of inmates.
Probably she intended it as a gift for some
favorite little girl; but, at any rate, now it
is the museum of the Dutch city of Tt
recht. Great artists were paid to paint the
tiny pictures on the walls and to decorate
"What a nice fat worm," said the little chick.
'T«as a mousie's tail; and he darted off, quick. — Babyland.
the ceilings of the "best" rooms, and the!
chief upholsterers were employed to make
the furniture.
The house is two-storied and contains
nine rooms and a hall. The kitchen is |
completely furnished in every respect, and !
is presided over by a jolly-looking cook.
In the comfortable a;id homely dining
room some gentlemen were sitting smok- i
in? long clay pipes and telling funny
stories, if we may judge from their smiling
j faces. Two wee globes stand in one corner j
I of the room and an event from New Testa
ment history is hnely carved on the ivory
mantelpiece. There are two gentlemen !
anil three ladies in the drawing-room, i
which is most elegantly furnished. The j
ladies wear lovely dresses and each holds a
fan. One of the gentlemen seems about to
entertain the company, for he sits close to
a violoncello.
Upstairs in the nursery two children
are in bed, while nurses "are waiting on
other children, and two ladies, perhaps
governesses, are taking tea at a table.
In a. beautiful bedroom a lady, dressed
for dinner, stands in front of a looking
glass, the toilet-table being furnished with
silver jars and bottles aud china vases.
There is a small study, or business room,
in which a gentleman sits writing, with
bills and papers scattered around him.
In the laundry the maids are busy wash
ing, wringing and ironing clothes. In the
hall a nurse is giving some message to a
I smart young footman, who is just coming
out of a room.
This model doll's house is a work of art
in its way, and must have cost a large sum
of money.— Spare Moments.
Another Mouse Story.
The whole family- had been in the j
mountains having such a happy time |
among the grand old redwoods and pines, j
j but now they had returned to their city
home, and mamma and the maid were
I just as busy as they could be, sweeping
j and dusting and putting things to rights
after their long absence.
When mamma went to her bureau to
examine and arrange the clothing in the
drawers she heard a strange sound, like
the scampering of tiny feet.
At first she was a little startled by the
noise and drew back, but gaining courage
she determined to rind out what it could
be.
On opening the top drawer and looking i
cautiously in she saw in one corner a tiny j
DONALD A>'D THE "HOPE" BUBBLES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
nest made of fluffy wool, all interwoven
with dainty threads of silk, containing
four or rive cute baby mice, with eyes
tiehtly closed and little pink noses smell
ing around for their own dear mother.
Eight-year-old Jack begged so hard to
be allowed to keep them that she con
sented. So he got a small pasteboard box
hlled with soft cotton and in this they
carefully placed the dainty nest, setting it
down beside the bureau so mother mouse
misht find it.
The next morning Jack ran the first
thing to look at his strange pets, but
found that they every one had disap
peared. Here was a mystery. What
could have become of them? No one
knew.
After Jack had gone to school and the
morning was well spent, his mother had
occasion to open the second drawer of the
; bureau, and there, cuddled up snug and
warm on one of his baby sister's soft
gowns, lay the cute littie animals fast
asleep.
The mother mouse had not been satisfied
: with the home Jack had rrovided for her,
and must have carried her offspring one
by one back to a bed of her own choosing,
i just as a cat carries her kittens.
I As it was impossible for Jack's mamma
and Mrs. Mouse to agree under the circum
stances, the neighbor's cat had a fine
dinner that day.
The Kainbow.
Nature must needs have two helpers
■when she paints the gorgeous rainbow
against the wintry sky — the sun and the
rain. Besides, these two must work to
gether, for one alone could produce no
such grand result.
We've had a bounteous supply of life
giving showers during the last few weeks
and enough of sunshine to hang many
times over the gray waters ol the bay the
ever new, mysterious rainbow.
Wonderful indeed it is this masterpiece
from Nature's hand, with its delicate
shadings of color as it fades so gently on
either side into the brown l>o«om of
Mother Earth or down into the deep, deep
waters of the Day.
How close it seems to us, and still when
we enter our tiny boats and try to ap
proach near enough to stretch forth our
hands and grasp a little of its glory we find
it always "just beyond."
Then, that '-Pot of Gold!"
Don't the sight of the many-hued bow
always set you to thinking about it?
Under which end it lies buried ? And to
wish the elusive bow would remain just
long enough to allow some poor mortal to
find and mark the exact spot at which to
dig or dive for the treasure?
Kainbows and pots of gold !
Sunshine, rain, color promise; work
strife, hope and disappointment! •
Almost all of life— yet this I know, hun
dreds of noble men and women there are
whose hearts are so filled with sunshine,
it matters not how drear the day or how
stormy, their lives shine out like beautiful
rainbows of light and promise, cheering
the wav and feeling anew with hope and
courage the hearts of t tie poor weary Beek
ers after the "pot of gold.
An Amusing Incident.
Philip had a great many friends; real
nice boys they were too. All perfect little
gentlemen.
Philip's mother enjoyed very much
having her little son's friends visit him.
As she was an invalid she never felt equal
to the task of entertaining them all at the
same time, so she gave Pnilip permission
to once a week have one of them to dinner.
Several of the boys had been so enter
tamed, and talked much together about
the hne chicken dinners of which they
had partaken.
At last Archie was invited to spend the
afternoon and evening with Philip.
It happened that in the forenoon of that
day some friend of Philip's mother had
sent her a particularly tine cut of ro%st
beef, so she had ordered it to be served for
dinner, instead of the customary chicken.
Now, Archie, of all the boys, prided him
self on his politeness, and tried very hard
to observe all the rules of etiquette.
While Mrs. Stevens was carving the
roast, 9he asked Archie which part he pre
ferred, meaning, of course, an outside or
an inside piece.
Imagine her surprise when the little sec
ond Lord Chesterfield, whose mind was
filled with thoughts of tender chicken,
politely answered: "The leg, if you
please."
Going to Mexico.
"Going to Mexico" is the name of an en
tertaining game for boys and girls. It is
suitable for an evening gathering of al
most any kind. The company arranges it
self in a circle with the "traveler" at the
center.
"What are you going to take to Mexico
with you, • Arthur?" asks the traveler,
pointing suddenly at one of the boys and
beginning to count rapidly.
If Arthur says apples or andirons or the
name of any other object beginning with
A, the first letter of his name, before the
traveler counts ten, he keeps his seat and
tne traveler turns suddenly and points at
Kate.
"One, two, three — " he counts.
"Cookies," stammers Kate.
"You can't go to Mexico with me," says
the traveler, and he takes Kate's chair and
Kate becomes traveler. Then she tries to
catch some one else. The same person
may not mention the same object twice.
Are You Well Satisfied ?
An interesting diversion for an evening
party consists in having every one present
except those who are in the secret stand
up abound the room with their faces to
ward the wall. Then the leader steps up
to one person in the ring and asks:
"Are you perfectly satisfied?"
The answer is:- "Yes." ■
Then the same question is asked earn
estly of each person in the ring, the inter
est increasing all the time. When the
leader has been informed that every one
is well satisfied he steps to the middle of
the room and says:
"Very well, you are all satisfied. You
can stand there as long as you please."
And that is the last time the game can
be played at that party. — Chicago Record.
Question I.ox.
1. Why was Daniel Webster considered
a great man?
2. How did Benjamin Franklin achieve
fame?
3. What great feat did General Fremont
accomplish?
4. [ Where was gold discovered by Mar
shall?
5. Give origin of the word "Mercury."
A nice little Jetter was received this week ■
from Alice M. Bell of San Francisco i
answering the questions which were pub
lished in last Sunday's Cam,. Now right
here I wish to say a word or two about
your letters, to the bright boys ana girls
who are interested in the Sunday Question
Box. Please address your letters to Chil
dren's Page of The Call.. Always sign
your name in full, and last but not least,
give your age.
Editor Children's Page : My answers to
last Sunday's questions are as follows:
1. Benjamin Franklin, born January 17,
1706. . :.- . '
3 Daniel Webster, born January 18, 1782.
General Fremont, born January 20, 1813.
2. Marshall discovered gold in California
January 24, ISIS. =• ; !
3. Mercury is evening star.
4. Venus is morning star.
5. Mercury is brightest-January 25.
Alice M. Bell.
1923 Geary street. City. .-■..-.;.
Five Little Women.
Five little women sat in a row, .
stitching as fast as their needles could go.
The Bars they were shining, the cocks they were
crowing.
When the five little women had finished their
sewing. Little Pink Shoes,
age 6 years, in PHtsburg Press.
'iB-i^S -— — • : —
DONALD SEBIES-NO. XIII.
rOB TINY BOYS.
Aren't birthdays fine things? Donald
thinks so, and wishes his came every day.
His mamma does not agree with him,
however, and is very, very glad that he
has just one a year.
Well, Donald's birthday came last week
in all the ra.lll. My, how it rained and
rained ! But the little chap did not mind
the stormy weather much, because he was
in such a state of excitement over his
birthday. He was just 7 years old, and
took his birthday whippings with the
"one to grow on just like a little man.
"It is a strange tiling that whippings don't
hurt so much on birthdays as tiiey do at
other times,' 1 said Donald. "I wonder
why?"
Kow, I suppose you are just as anxious
as you can be to find out what gifts Donald
received.
Be just as patient as you can and I'll tell
you. Let me see, first brother came and
put in bed beside him a great big round
brown cocoanut, with almost the perfect
image of a monkey's face on one end. You
all know what I mean. If you don't, the
very next tune you have a chance to ex
amine a cocoanut see if you can find the
monkey's face. Then he received a box of
paints, and a pistol and arrows. Of course,
since then Donald has played cowboy a
great many times.
But best of all came something alive —
a beautiful golden canary in a pretty
gilded cage.
The happy boy named it Goldy right
away, and says when it sings that he feels
as if hn would jump right out of himself.
When his mother asked him what kind
of meat he wished to have for bis birthday
dinner, she thought of course he would
answer chicken, and asked him really out
of politeness, but she proved to be very
much mistaken, for the sturdy urchin
answered, "The round meat all tied up in
a ring" meaning roast beef. Don't you
think that was a very sensible choice.
So the day passed and dinner was over.
After the table was cleared and tbe gas
lights turned out Donald's beautiful
birthday cake was brought in and placed
on the table.
My, wnat a wonderful sight it was, with
its white frosting almost hidden under
piles of delicious candies and sugar plums !
Set here and there among the delicate
vines and sweet flowers by' which it was
surrounded were seven brightly burning,
differenly colored tiny wax candles.
Each one of the family group chose one of
these candles, making a wish as he did so,
wondering whose would burn tne longest.
While waiting for the tiny flames to ex
pire grandma, papa and all ioined in a
merry game of blowing soap bubbles.
Oh, it was such fur. to puff and puff and
blow out the delicate fairy things, that
went floating so gracefully through the air,
gleaming with all the colors of the rain
bow, as they reflected the bright lights of
the room and calling forth cries of dismay
as they suddenly burst when most perfect.
Sometimes they were full of mischiel,
and would float softly down to the little
boy's upturned face and explode right on
the tip of his nose.
"Hope" bubbles, Donald called them,
and his papa and mamma thought how
many, many as brilliantly colored "hope"
bubbles created by him in the future
would burst when brightest, bringing
forth deeper cries of dismay, ero he had
reached seven times seven years.
After a merry, happy time, the candles
commenced to die out, one by one. until
papa's only was left, so of course, he gained
his wish.
Next came the cutting of the cake, and
an hour was spent in feasting, ana the
cracking of nuts and of jokes.
Then they all gathered around the fire,
while the rain still poured down over the
city, and listened to the reading of Jean
Ingelow'a sweet little poem, "Seven Times
THE NAUGHTY THUMB
Deedle dee, said the finger;
Deedle dum,
Said the thumb,
Let's go together
And have some fun.
I see a fly
Climbing up high
On the window-pane.
Isn't he vain ?
"ILL STICK A PIN IN THAT FLY."
You find a pin,
I'll stick it in,
Said naughty little thumb.
"That'll make him hum."
"Deedle dee," said the finger.
"Deedle dum,"
Said the thumb.
The finger found the pin,
The thumb stuck it in.
Did it hurt the fly?
No, no, no,
For he climbed up high,
With a wink of his eye,
And didn't even cry.
"OH! OH! JUST MY LUCK!"
Where did it go?
Oh, oh oh,
"Just my luck,
To go and get stuck,"
Said sorry little thumb,
When all the harm was done.
Deedle dee, said the finger,
Deedle dum, said the thumb.
M. W. R.
One," which tells all about the "dusty
bee," the "cuckoo pint," the "little lambs
that play always," and the "dear old moon
in heaven."
Ten silvery peals were rung out by the
watchful clock; mamma jumped up, say
ing, "Dear me, how late!" and then she
took the tired seven-year-old boy to bed,
where he very soon dropped off to sleep.
P. 8. to Donald'? birthday. Isn't that a
strange thing, a postscript to a birthday?
Well, Donald really did have one, and
this is how it happened.
A couple of days after the birthday was
all over, when the postman came in the
afternoon, he brought Donald along, white
box, that was almost falling to pieces.
Poor box. it had been traveling in all the
storm, and had tried its best to get here in
time for the fun, but had come too late;
not too late, however, to give Donald lots of
pleasure, for it contained the game of
"battledore and shuttlecock," a box of
colored crayons and a harmonica. Now
the house is filled with tbe sweet music
trilled forth from the throat of the golden
canary, and the music, not quite so aweet,
made on the harmonica by the golden
haired boy.
CATS AND THEIR WAYS.
Some Characteristics of .This Popular
Household Pet.
Cats do not take punishment as dogs
do ; their temper rises, and if struck they
are act to strike back; but beyond a gentle
cuff to : a kitten, now and then, I find a
scolding or ;an exclamation of rebuke
enough, says a writer in Temple Bar.
They are also less intelligent and forgiving
than a . dog if unintentionally kicked or
trodden on. There is no more beautiful
expression" in a dog's face than the ; look
be turns to the friend who has involun
tarily hurt him, before there is time to ex
plain : his whole demeanor expresses the
highest magnanimity, not only the fore
gone pardon but the eager desire that
the offender shall think no more of the
matter,> ; " - !
In many respects cats are more '""-like men
and women than dogs are; they have
moods and their nature is complex. A
clog is very much of a piece; he is a good
dog or a bad dog, brave or cowardly, hon
est or a sneak; the canine intelligence is
much higher than the feline, but the dis
position is simpler.
Cats are exceedingly irritable by temper
ament, sensitive to changes of the weather
to frost, to thunder; they are excitable
and naturally disposed to bite and scratch
when at play; there is a curious tendency
in them, as in ill-balanced or overstrung
human beings, to lose their heads when in
high spirits, and the self-command most of
them show when full grown in resisting
these influences is a striking proof of con
scious responsibility.
A full-grown pet cat scarcely ever
NEW TO-DAY.
A Fact
Conceded
The Big Shoe Factory
gives you better returns
for your dollars than any
other shoe house in this
city. _
581-583 MARKET ST.
scratches a young child, no matter how
much mauled by it. Besides-^heing ir
ritable they are moody and suoject to
depression— probably a physical reaction
from the former condition. Princess,
though not a sullen cat, would sometimes
forsake the hearth or veranda and pass
days by herself on a garden wall or under
a bush, not ill or out of temper, but out of
spirits, morbid and wishing for solitude,
instead of the sympathy which she al
ways sought in her real ailments and be
reavements. ' .
Her peculiarities, both of race and indi
viduality, were remarkably defined, even
when she held them in restraint, but, with,
one exception, all the cats I have known
are captious. Their instinct when ill or
sad is to be alone, but this is entirely neu
tralized by petting. They become as de
pendent on caresses and sympathy as chil
dren, and much wiser than children when
they are ill or injured as they apply for re
lief with the most unmistakable sugges
tions, sometimes indicating plainly where
they are in pain and presenting the suffer
ing member for treatment. They are not
so patient as dogs in taking medicine or
submitting to surgical care, but show their
recognition of its benefit by coming bactc
for it under similar circumstances.
Ingall* mid the Loyal Legion.
Ex-Senator John J. Ingalls has resigned
from the Loyal Legion because the order
refused to raise him from the third class
to the rirst class on the ground that hai
was ineligible. A member of the Illinois
Commandery, however, gives a more sen
sational account of the matter. "Ingalls," :
he says, "was chosen a member of the
third class a few years ago in the face of
considerable opposition. He got in, how
ever, and that was the end of it. Lately
he became ambitious and began pulling,
wires to become a member of the lirsfc 1
class.
"He was clearly not entitled to this, bufc
his fool friends set up some claim about
his valiant services as commissary-general
on the staff of the Governor of Kansas, or
chief butler, or something of a similar
character daring the war, and urged his
election as a member of the first class in
consequence. It was too good a chance
for the members who had all along beery
opposed to his admission to the order in;
any class, and they did not overlook it.
When the matter of transferring him to,
the first class came up they mustered their
forces, and not only succeeded in defeating
his promotion but passed a resolution ex
pelling him from the order altogether.
That was all there was to it, and the talk
about his resifjnini; because of a failure to
get into the first class is all moonshine."—
Sew York Triijiuie.
The Great Western Railway the other*
day brought to Paddington, London, three
and a half tons of gold that had been'
brought over from New York to Plymouth.
NEW TO-DAY. j; j
JIITISALE
OF-
DESIRABLE and
SEASONABLE GOODS
Throughout Every Department at *
Prices
NEVER BEFORE SO LOW!
We only ask an Inspection. The price and
quality are bound to be irresistible.
Specials.
Note the prices and be assured that there ar»
others fully as attractive.
Gloves.
1200 pairs Ladles' 4-Button English Walking
Gloves, in tans, browns and Kngllsh reds, a
facsimile of the Dent Gloves. These cloves are
perfect in every respect: we lit them to tha
hand, and are splendid value at $1 '25 a pair.
For this sale the price is
75c a Pair.
Corsets.
450 pairs Ladies' Extra Long Waisted 6-Hoott
N. and L, Corsets, made of splendid quality im-
ported black sateen, with two steels on each
Bide «nd extra-bound bust: finished with silk-
embroidered top, and handsomely embroidered
both top and bottom with colored silks; in all
sizes, 18 to 30. The best Corset in the world at
$1.50 a Pair.
Ribbons.
3500 pieces FIRST-QUALITY Satin-edge Rlb» j
b>ns, in all colors, at the following extraordi- |
narily low prices. These goods should not i>a
confounded with inferior qualities, as they are" 1
perfect goods of the BEST quality :
No. 2, i .j inch wide, Be a yard, 60c a piece.
No. 3, 34 inch wide. tji *c a yard, 60c a piece.
No. 5. 1 inch wide, BVhc a yard, 80c a piece.
No. 7, IVi inches wide, 10c a yard. $ 1 a piece.
No. 9. I V2 Inches wide. 15c a yd, *1 50 apiece. .
; No. 12, 'i inches wide, 20c a yard, $-' a piece.
No. 16, Uy- inches wide, 25c a yd,. 50 a pier*
No. 22, 3 inches wide, a yard, $2 50 apiece.
See Our
Embroideries.
Never such designs —
Never such values
As are now being shown.
SO- Mall Orders promptly filled.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125, 127, 189, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORK— 743 and 744 Market
Street.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington $10 00 ....
Bouthfleld 9 50 . ....
Genuine Coos Bay 7 00— flair ton 350
Seattle ■ 8 00— Half ton «00
Bryant b 00— Half ton 4iU
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
623 Howard Street. Near First.
HEALTH RESORTS.
oTriESliiiyi
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
Is under strictly regular management; a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure,
massage, electrical ■ treatments, Swedish move-
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that is included in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water,
even temperature and restful scenery may be
obtained.
Terms: lloom, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to $20 per week.
■ Send lor circular: . St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helona, Napa County, CM,
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market St., !
at 7a. m. and 4, p. m., via Vallejo Junction, reacH '
i ing Su Helena at 10 :45 a. m. and 7 :08 r. m. '■Novelties IN THE Realms OF SCIENCE
LITERATURE
AND ART.
A REPRESENT ATI YE of the New
York World attended a Keely
seance In Philadelphia the other
clay, at which the famous motor
was exhibited. There wer? pres
ent Professor Brinton of the Univ> ity of
Pennsylvania and W. A. MeAndrew of the
Pr.it t Institute— two gentlemen who know
sometfc uce especially phy
sics. The results appear to have been as
the results of all the other Ktely seances,
given at intervals of five or six years for
the past twenty-five years.
The big room in the laboratory is abont
twenty-four feet square, and the light from
the skylight fell full upon the row of ma
chines along the wall. First there was the
engine for the interchange of polar and
KEELY EXHIBITING HIS MOTOR.
ck-poiar sympathy. It was a sort of wheel
within a wheel. Mr. Keely moved a glass
table to the middle of the room and put a
copper globe about seven inches in diame
ter upon it. There was some curious
mechanism attached to this globe, too
complicated to describe. A twisted fun
nel, like an ear-trumpet, communicated
with the interior of the globe.
" Mr. Keely took a big tuning-fork in his
hand ani struck it upon one of the steel
rods attached to the globe. Almost imme
diately tne wheel of the machine over
against the wall bftgan to revolve. The
only apparent connection between the
globe a:;d the machine against the wall
was a single strand of wire. And the gal
vanometer ?liowed tnat no electricity was
present.
• \V;iat do you think?" whispered one
scientist to the other.
"A new force,'' whispered the second,
"or a new trick. ; '
"Why does this happen ?'' asked the
first scientist of the smiling Mr. Keely.
mply the interchange of polar and
denoiar sympathy," replied Mr. Keely.
Next there was a gold-colored globe,
mounted upon iron rorls and set upon a
plass slab, four feet iong and over an inch
thick. ' tied one end of a silk
I to the machine and carried it
acro*~ the room and passed it through a
small window into the next room and put
leau through the window. He had
a zither, two pitch-pipes and a mouth
organ.
"Tell me how many times I shall make
the globe revolve," he said.
"Make it revolve twice, " said Mr. Mc-
Andrew.
Mr. Keely played a note on the pitch
pipes, twanged tne zither, and the globe,
twenty ieei away from him, revolved
twice.
"Three times,' said Mr. Brinton.
Keely played a different note and the
globe revolved exactly five times. Then
lie twar.ged and played and the globe re
volved rapidly. 'Mr. McAndrew'cut the
thread and the globe stopped in-
Btantly. The scientists examined the
globe before and after these exuerirnents,
but could discover no cause for the mo
tion.
After showing one other equally amaz
ing machine Mr. Keeiy took his audience !
into the next room to view the great mo
tor. This is an entirely new machine, un- ;
iiae any previous Keeiy motor except in !
one respect. That one point of resem
blance is that it. too, is "not quite fin
ished," is "just about done," will "soon
astonish the world."
Said Mr. Kee!y as they stood looking at
the : uj*e complicated mass of iron and
steel: '-Big as this thing is it will so neu- ;
tralize the force of gravity that a child will
be abie to pick it' up and hold it at an
arm's length."
"Bu what of it, Mr. Keely?" asked one
gentleman. "To what use can you put
"Limitless use,'' replied Mr. Keely. j
"With a machine like this, but no bigger !
than your hand, I will De able to run a ;
streetcar crowded to the roof. And the I
motor itself would show no motion."
"And when?"
"Pretty soon, pretty soon. I do not I
mean to spring the thing half done. Not I
until the scientific mystery of the force is i
mine. For fifteen years I was hindered by {
an incomplete hypothesis. Five years ago
I began on another tack. Now you gee i
•what I have."
John Ernest Worrall Keely is now over I
68 years old. He is young-looking for his j
years, of great physical strength, a smooth
and persuasive talker, a man of dominating i
character. He has been at it over thirty j
years. And you see what he has.
A Bridge Built Entirely of Concrete, !
Concrete is coming rapidly into use as a '
Eubstitute for stone. The fact is attested
by its use in bridge-building, which has
been done in Europe in several cases, but \
the concrete has been invariably re-en- i
forced by iron girders, except where the !
structures were very small and designed j
lor tight traffic only. A very interesting i
experiment of this nature is being tried at
Belleville, 111., where a bridge for street !
railway service has been constructed en- i
tirely of concrete, says the Philadelphia i
Record. The bridge has a span of forty I
feet and is built on piling. It will cost the j
BRIDGE BUILT OF CONCRETE,
; city 510,500, but the contractor agreed to
j build it without cost unless its utility and
: stability was fully established.
MARAT'S BONES.
' Members of the Paris Municipal Council
Want to Dig Them Up.
According to the European edition of
the >ew York Herald, attempts have
i already been rnnde to acid Marat to the
j list of "Lea Grands Hommes" whose
! names are to be immortalized by "la patrie
reconnaissante." as the inscription on the
I facade of the Pantneon has it.
A sculptor named Battler has produced
: a statue in plaster of the "friend of the
I people," and Dr. Cabares has written a
I book on him. The time, however, was
: not ripe for what the French would call
the pantheonizing of Marat.
But aa radical and revolutionary ideas
progress, so do politicians of the present
day revert to the heroes of the Reign of
Terror, and it is seriously contemplated
1 to dig up the remains of Marat to do them
! honor — if they can be found.
The idea was suggested to one of the
I modern Jacobins of the Paris Municipal
• Council by a study of a work written by
M. J. .Lenotre, an antiquary who has at
i tempted to reconstruct the history of the
! quarters of Paris during the Revolution by
means of unpublished sketches by Dema
; chy, Fragonard. Dubercourt, Raffet, David
| and others. Thi6 work is in six numbers,
; two of which have already appeared. The
first treats of the o'.d Bastile, and the sec
; ond of the crypt of the Church of Sainle-
Genevieve, now the Pantheon, and the
: vaults are existing to-day.
According to M. Lenotre Marat was bur
ied in the cemetery of St. Genevieve, the
; fact being attested by a process verbal
drawn up by Michel Perot, Civil Commis
sioner of the Pantheon section. Accord
ing to the document the lead coffin con
taining the remains of Marat was taken
out of the wooden shell and buried with
out being opened. Consequently there ex
mewhere under ground a lead coffin
i containing intact the body of "the friend
of the people."
Precisely where the coffin is can only be
ascertained by digging; but approximately
M. Lenotre hassnown in his book. The
• cemetery of St. Genevieve was situated
I in front of the church of St. Etienne-du
; Mont, diagonally with the front. The
i ground has not been disturbed since the
: days of the Revolution, consequently the
coffin should be under the pavement in
the place St. Etienne-du-Mont or in tne
small garden of a wineshop close by,
i known as "Vieux Paris." It is probable
; that the modern Jacobins of Paris will
\ not rest until they have obtained permis
sion from the Municipal Council to dig up
the ground in the square.
It might have been supposed that M.
Lenotre, who has unintentionally inspired
the 'dea of seeking for the body of Marat,
would have been one of the first to seek to
verify his conclusions.
Nothing of the kind ! M. Lenotre has
been interviewed. "Digging," he says,
''is not my business. If they want to dig
np Marat let them do it without me. You
tell me that my book -uggested the search.
! Possibly it did. It is a work calculated to
suggest research. But lam quite satisfied
if I have put any one on the track of an
: interesting verification."
Asked if it was known in the quarter
; where Marat was buried he replied: "I
should say so. Go and take a drink at the
sign of 'Vieux Paris.' The patron will tell
i you that yon can dig up shovelsful of
'< Donets in his garden, and will add as he
stamps on the ground, 'Voua sayez que
Marat est enterre ici.' If permission can
be obtained to dig under the pavement of
i the Rue Sainte-Genevieve Marat will cer
i tainly be found."
So says M. Lenotre, and permission will
. certainly be asked. Tne municipal Coun-
c il, however, might save money if, instead
, of disturbing the spot, they would put up
a stone in the garden of "Vieux Paris
with an inscription something like this:
Marat lies here. There let him be.
He is at rest and so are we.
ENGLISH NOT TAUGHT.
A Writer Who Thinks the Language Is
Degenerating.
There is reason to fear that the language
is degenerating; that the art of writing,
except in a few hands, is suffering a change
| for the worse. True, it is practiced more
| widely and freely than ever before, but
! excess of quantity may easily step with
loss of quality. Of old our boys studied
grammar, or some apology for it (since t%ie
English tongue is but dubiously provided
iin that retpect). Now their minds are
i fixed on football. Our best colleges com
i plain that their entering students do
: not understand the vernacular, .or can
; not express themselves in it. They may
know Greek and Latin, but their transla
tions into our common speech are fear-
I fully and wonderfully made. By way of
: mending the matter our universities are
! giving great and increasing attention to
i the history and construction of the lan
guage, especially in its early stages:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
Anglo-Saxon, Middle English, the Gothic [
element, and what not, are pursued "down !
to the ground"; but English "as she is]
spoke," or as she ought to be, is deemed j
unworthy of attention. That is, the in- j
struction in this primary subject, in our!
densely practical age, is theoretic and j
scholastic— not. practical. The subject is '
primary— that is the difficulty: the prepa- i
tory schools ought to attend to it, though i
as a rule they don't. You may learn j
Gaelic, or Assyrian, or Assiniboian; these
have to be taught, for they are not preva
lently spoken among us; but as to our
own tongue, Dogberry's idea is in effect
accepted, that "reading ana writing come
by nature." Alas, they do not; and the!
learner, being thus left to his own devices, j
is in this respect often like the self-made' :
man whom his friends pronounced to have
been made but indifferently. The conse- j
quence is that we have scientific experts
whose construction of sentences : leaves
much to be desired, ana popular authors
who leave their punctuation to the printer
—■which is perhaps wi?e on their part,
since he. knows something about it, and
they apparently do not.— Frederick M.
Bird, in February Lippincott's.
THE f HIPPOCYCLE.
Peculiar Vehicle Designed by an Eng
lish Scientist.
The statement of Professor A. G. Bell,
an English scientist, predicting a machine
that will be to the horse what the bicycle
is to the man, has attracted much atten
tion. On the subject a correspondent of
the English paper, Cycling, states that he
designed such a machine in theory which
he never put into actual practice. He
says:
The vehicle, or cycle, or as I chose to
christen it, the hippocycle, was designed
with four 40-inch wheels, the two rear
wheels drivers and the two front
steerers. The horse was to propel him
self, the vehicle, and say two riders,
who would steer and govern the
machine. The methods of trans- !
mitting the power from the horse was by I
a revolving endless platform built up oh
two chains supported by rollers; the plat- '
form of oak battens, about 48 inches by !
three inches by two inches, placed across I
the width of the machine and bolted to i
the chains. Upon this platform the horse j
would run, being harnessed with collar '•
and traces in the usual way; but, of course, <
the traces would have hooks for attach
ment inside the machine, placed in the
relative position to the horse as are the
roller bolts of a carriage. In running, the I
horse would pull all the traces, and the
ground, or platform, would recede beneath :
him. while he. with the machine, would ;
advance. Motion from the platform and ;
chain would be communicated to a toothed
ana ratcheted drum on the dividing axle, i
over which the platform would run, and 'j
the other end of the platform and chains
would simply run over a free drum. But
it was manifest that in this -way the ma
chine would have been propelled back
ward. To obviate this difficulty, one of
two courses seemed compulsory. Either
the platform would have to be fitted below
the driving; axle, and communicate its mo
tion by outside teeth, engaging in similar
teeth on the driving axle, as in the rough
sketch, or by allowing the horse to travel
tail first.
The gearing of the platform with the
axle would, as in the cycle, decide the
speed of the machine as against a given
speed of motion per se of the horse. But
whereas in the cycle a two-speed gear is
not a necessity, in the hippocycle it would
be indispensable. When the cyclist en
counters a hill he cannot drive up he can
immediately dismount and push. To in
like manner detacn the horse and harness
him in front of the hippocycle would be
out of the question. So that with a low
gear, applicable at will, all hills could be
mounted, and for such a purpose the
crypto- dynamic two -speed gear would
have no doubt answered admirably.
Now, it seems difficult to believe that
while the cyclist aided by his mechanism
(although he propels also its weight) can
outstrip nature, as it were, that the horse,
placed under similar conditions, would
not do the same proportionately. At
least consider the immense gain to the
horse, say in v tour of fifty miles up
and down hill, in his being able to rest
absolutely on every appreciable decline!
It is a truism that there is no uphill with
out downhill. With a phaeton the horse
is in almost as violent and exhausting ac
tion, whether the gradient be for or
against. But with the hippocycle it would
be different, for on every decline sufficient
for it to run with its own impetus it would
allow the horse to be as much at rest al
though temporarily— as in his stall. Other
advantages to the horse would be protec
tion from the weather (for he could be
covered in), coupled with perfect ventila
tion. A level road on which to
run; and a road of perfect and
uniform Burface always; and with
efficient foothold at all times. In
the event of a sudden application of the
brake, if traveling at a high rate of speed
and tail-first fashion, he would be thrown
back on his haunches; but a suitable
"breeching," or padded back, could receive
his weight. If the plan of fitting the plat
form, as shown in the sketch, were
adopted, which would allow him to travel
normally— i. c., head first, he would, on
the application of the brake, be thrown
forward in the collar just as is the case
now in ordinary vehicles, and especially
so in the tramway carts, fitted as they are
with powerful brakes.
As to steering, we have now the testi
mony of the French road motors as to the
possibility of efficient steering to justify us
in the assumption that there would be no
difficulty in steering a horse-motor.
AutomatJc Headlight.
An ingenious machinist is credited with
having constructed an automatic head
light for railway enjnnes. In going around
sharp curves headlights on locomotives,
being made stationary, throw the light
straight ahead, instead of throwing it so
that it follows the track, where the light
should be at all times — a defect now reme
died in this new arrangement. The head
light ia made to hang on two pivots, one
on top, the framework that holds it being
fastened to the smokestack, and the bot-
torn one to the boiler-head. From the
bottom of the headlight also two chains
run to the ends of an extending arm. which
latter is connected by a rod that runs to
the pilot wheels' truck. Thus, as the
pilot wheels strike a curve the outside
wheel forges ahead, of course, and this
movement works the rod ana chain just
enough to move the headlight so that
the reflection is cast directly ahead on the
track.
A. Paper Fish That Swims.
Here is a little experiment that illus
trates a principle of natural philosophy.
Cut out of ordinary notepaDer a fish like
the one shown in the cut and let it be a
good -sized one. In the center cut a circu
lar opening A, communicating with the
tail by means of a narrow canal AB, open
! ing at B.
Now let plenty of water run in the bath
tub and place the fish in it so that its ven
tral half may be thoroughly wetted and its
dorsal half remain dry. Pour into the
openinp at A a good-sized drop of oil, and
! this will at once seeß to spread itself over
! the surface of the water. As it can only
! do so through the canal AB, the reactive
I force thus exerted will propel the fish for
, ward, which always surprises those to
: whom the secret of the oil is not known.
! —Philadelphia Times.
Sfapoleon and His Valet.
I had been up for several nights together
and I was tired. The Emperor went out
I toward 11 o'clock in the evening and was
' absent three or four hours. I sat down to
wait for him in his armchair, near his
writing table, intending to risa and with
draw when I heard him coming in. But I
was so worn out with fatigue that slumber
surprised me unawares and I fell into a
profound sleep with my head on my arm
and ray arm on his Majesty's table. The
Emperor at last came in, accompanied by
Marshal Berthier and followed by Kous
tan. I heard nothing. Prince de Neuf
chatel started toward me, intending to
THE HORSE BICYCLE.
awake me and have me restore his
chair and table to his Majesty; but the
PJrnperor detained him, saying: "Let the
poor fellow alone; he has passed I don't
know how many sleepless nichts." And
then as thej-e was no other chair in the
apartment his Majesty sat down on the
side of his bed, made the marshal take a
seat there also and talked with him a long
time while I slept on. But requiring one
of the maps which were on the table and
upon which my elbow was resting, his
Majesty although he tried to draw it away
with precaution, waked me up, and I rose
at once in utter confusion and excusing
myself for the liberty I had involuntarily
taken. "Monsieur Constant," said the
Emperor, with a smile full of benevolence,
"it distresses me to have disturbed you;
kindly excuse me."— Memoirs of Constant.
Balancing Extraordinary.
The harder a thing seems, the more in
teresting it is. Here is a little experiment,
very simple too, which seems almost im
possible on the face of it — it seems to defy
the law of gravitation.
You take a tumbler, filled partly with
water, so as to stand firmly. Then taking a
strip of wood, as shown in the figure, about
Nicely Balanced.
the length of an ordinary leadpencil, half
an inch wide and an eighth of an inch
thick, and tapering to a point at one end,
you wedge two ordinary tableknives into
the strip, at the angle shown in the figure.
Now balance the "tongue" of the strip
carefully upon the edge of the tumbler,
moving it slightly backward or forward to
make the equilibrium perfect. When you
have found the center of gravity— which
may occasion you a little trouble at first —
you will be rewarded by seeing the frail
contrivance delicately poised in a exquisite
balance, which at first sight seems almost
miraculous. — Popular Science.
Size of the Univerge.
It has been estimated that a cannon-ball
moving with a velocity of 500 miles an
hour, and leaving our earth at a certain
time and traveling in the direction of the
nearest fixed star, would not reach it in
less than 4,500,000 years; and yet there
are Btars in the heavens and visible
through telescopes that would require a
cannon-ball moving with the same ve
locity at least 500,000,000 years to reach
them. It was said by the elder Herschell
that it would require light traveling at the
rate of 185,000 miles a second 2,000,000
years to come to the earth from the re
motest luminous vapors within reach of
his forty-foot telescope, and yet, whatever
may have been the efforts of astronomers
to bring the starry heavens as a whole into
view, even with the most powerful reflect
ors, they have so far proved futile. Hence,
to the minds of men, the universe must
seem forever to be and to remain immeas
urable, incalculable and incomprehensible.
And while we may be able to weigh and
measure suns and systems within range
of our telescopes there are others so far
away and so far beyond our powers of
vision, and our powerof calculation, that
even our present supposed great knowl
edge of the sidereal heavens would dwin
dle into the thinnest of mental vapories.—
Popular Astronomy.
SCLTAN MIKAD'S FATE.
He Is Said to Be a Prisoner of His
Brother, Abdul Hamid.
The fate of Sultan Murad V, the brother
of "that wretched Sultan" who now reigns
in his place, has for years been one of the
unexplored mysteries of Constantinople.
When the world knows, or supposes, ia
that after a few months of power, he wa3
suddenly deposed by the men who had
forced him to the throne on the plea that
his reason had failed; that he was put
into seclusion, and there either died or be
came completely insane.
In a volume just published from the pen
of Djemaleddin Bey, who was intimately
associated with the rise of Murad, and an
eyewitness of his deposition, we have
what purports to be a full and true his
tory of this Turkish dynastic mystery. It
is now asserted that Murad is not only
alive but perfectly sane, though kept a
close prisoner by his brother in" the pavil
ion of Malta Kiosk in the middle of Yildiz
Park. It follows, if this statement is true,
that Abdul Hamid is a usurper, and that
Murad ought now to be Sultan. The wri
ter refrains from suggesting that Murad
should be restored, but he is apparently of
the opinion that he woula make as near
an approach to a reforming Sultan as is
possible under the circumstances.
The story of Murad' s rise and fall is told
in a highly dramatic style — perhaps a lit
tle too dramatic, if it is intended to im
press the Western reader with its absolute
accuracy. It opens with the last days of
Abdul Aziz, of whose ferocity, undei the
influence of his even more ferocious
mother, the writer gives a most sensational
account. Scenes in the palace between the
SuJtan and his mother, of which no one
could have been eyewitness, are described
with great spirit, but necessarily, as we
suppose, from imagination. Murad, who
was the nephew of Aziz, was also sus
pected of being a reformer in sympathies,
half a Giaour in character, and generally
a dangerous person.
As a matter of fact he seems to have
been an amiable lad, with many good
sympathies and aspirations, but weakened
even then by an unfortunate tendency to
drink. The'mother of Abdul Aziz wanted
him put out of the way, and repeatedly
pressed her son either to force him to ab
jure the succession, or, failing that, to
have him assassinated. To this point,
however, Abdul Aziz could never quite
screw up his courage. He was super
stitious, and the astrologers invariably re
plied that the stars were unfavorable. In
the end he was suddenly deposed through
an insurrection organized by his own Min
ister of War, Hussein Avni, who, with the
aid of Midhat Pasna, hurried Murad to
the palace and forced him to become Sul
tan.
The ex-Sultan shortly after committed
suicide in the palace where he was con
fined, cutting open his veins, as all the
world remembers, with a pair of scissors.
But Murad quickly found himself, accord
ing to this account, at the mercy of the
ruffian Hussein Avni, and the other Min
isters, Midhat included, who intended that
they should be the real rulers under the
nominal sultanate of this weak young man.
Murad himself, meanwhile, was distracted
at his own powerlessness, and filled with
remorse at the suicide of his uncle, whom
he imagined to have been murdered by his
Ministers. The next step in the tragedy
was that Hussein' Avni and Rachid, two of
these Ministers, was assassinated by a Cir
cassian in vengeance, for his supposed
murder.
The other chief Minister, Midhat,
hitherto supposed to be the chief of the
reforming party and the special friend of
Murad, now found himself in a very diffi
cult place with the young Sultan, He also
was suspected of havingnad a hand in the
murder of Abdul Aziz, and if Mnrad had
continued to reign he would have been ban
ished, or suffered worse than banishment,
in consequence of the Prince's Quixotic re
morse. Midhat therefore sought to save
himself in true Oriental manner by depos
ing his master. Murad by this time was
exceedingly weak and ill. and the writer
alleges that a quack was set to attend on
him, whose business it was practically to
aggravate the supposed symptoms of in
sanity and not to check his facilities for
drinking.
An eminent specialist from Vienna was
brought in and reported the disease per
fectly curable, but his report was stifled
and the quack retained. It was officially
announced that the Sultan was mad, his
deposition was carried out swiftly and
quickly, and his half-brother, Abdul
Hamid, took hi 3 place. -~The people sul
lenly acquiesced, though the disappoint
ment of the reforming party, who had
hoped everything from Murad, was bitter.
Murad, according to this writer, was never
mad; he quickly recovered from his illness
and is no >v perfectly sane in his prison at
Yildiz, though Abdul Hamid takes super
human precautions to prevent him from
holding communications with the outside
world.
We will not dispute the truth of all this,
but the picture of Murad here given — tnat
of a weak, amiable, visionary, highly
musical and rather drunken man— doesTnot
impress us with his suitability to ride the
wnirlwind at Constantinople. Neverthe
less, if it be that he is still alive and sane,
we hope that the upheaval, when it
comes, will bring his release.— Westminster
Budget.
The Stirrup-Cap.
Life, at my stirrup, lifted wistful eves,
And as shp gave the parting cap to me,
Death's pale companion for the silent sea,
" I know," sbp said, "the land and where it llosl
A pledge between ns now before you go,
That when you meet me there your soul may
know."
Chaki.es G. D. Robekts in Lipplncott's.
A Magnetic Blowpipe.
One of the latest developments in elec
tric welding, according to Engineering,
is an adoption of the well-known phenom
enon that the electric arc is deflected when
a magnet i 3 brought near it. On placing a
powerful electric magnet beside the arc
the latter is driven onward, and a tonjue
of flame is formed which resembles an or
dinary blowpipe flame, only of much
greater intensity. The system is known
aa the Zerener system, and the electric
The new form of automatic gun of the Colt pattern is designed particularly for riot
duty, being so light and easily handled that it is particularly useful for police service.
It has an attachment by which it is fastened to the side of a patrol wagon, and when a
sudden call is made it can be put up in place during the run to the scene. It weighs
but forty pounds, fires 4uO shots, a minute or will fire SOOO shots without fouling
furnace consists of two carbons, which
form the arc, and which can be fed by
hand or automatically, and a horseshoe
electro-magnet, which can be adjusted in
any position. The fact that the arc may
be deflected in any required direction en
ables welding and brazing to be carried
out in positions which would be practi
cally impossible in ordinary welding fur
naces.
Aerial Photography.
Photographs taken from points high in
the air by means of cameras pointed di
rectly downward can now be obtained in
several ways without the trouble of going
up in a balloon for the purpose. These
photographs, besides possessing a certain
Kite Camera.
interest for the curious collector, are of
great value in topography and will doubt
less figure extensively in military opera
tions during the next great war.
In the Photographic Times for January
are some interesting particulars of what
has been already accomplished in this
direction. M. Batut, a French amateur,
has invented a kite camera. The kite is
diamond-shaped, with a long tail, assuring
stability when it has ascended into the
regions of the clouds. The cord holding it
to the earth is attached to the frame by a
sort of trapeze, so arranged that the
camera A, which is also fastened to the
frame by the triangular support D, shall
have an unobstructed range of whatever is
below. The shutter, whiph is of the 'drop'
variety, working horizontally, being actu
ated by two rubber bands, is liberated by
the burning of a fuse, C, which burns
through a thread holding the shutter on
tension; the thread being burned releases
the shutter, which, in its flight across the
opening of the lens, also liberates a scrap
of paper, which, floating down, shows the
manipulator tnat the exposure has taken
place. A self-registering barometer, B, is
attached, to show the altitude attained.
Photograph Made by a Kite Camera.
The cut of the hou3« on this page shows a
result obtained by M. Batat at an altitude
of 127 meters. It represents a plain view
of a farmhouse, with its outbuildings.
The kite employed is about l\i feet in
height; the camera weighed 1200 grams
(2>£ pounds).
Another curious form of aerial photo
graphic apparatus was developed by a
French inventor, M. Denesse. It consists
of a photographic camera attached to a
rocket. An umbrella-like parachute is also
fixed to the rocket-stick. When fired into
the air this is closed, but as soon as the
rocket begins to descend it opens out and
the whole returns gracefully to the earth.
In this the camera is cylindrical in form,
and has round its circumference twelve
lenses — a sensitive plate is in the center.
The lenses are provided with a shutter
which opens and closes instantly on the
camera commencing to descend. It is then
drawn back to the operator by a cord at
tached before the firing of the rocket. The
principal advantages of this form of appa
ratus are cheapness of operating and free
dom from risk.
ROBBED OF ITS TERRORS.
Cholera Declared to Be No Longer
Formidable.
A report which is printed in a recent
number of a German medical journal is
calculated to rob cholera of its terrors. It
presents statistics of the progress of the
plague in Germany for the year 1894, from
which it appears that there were 1004 cases
from May 23 to December 15, 490 of which
resulted fatally. The population of the
empire in that year being 49,429.470, it fol
lows that the percentage of cases per 10,000
inhabitants was 0.2, and of mortality 0.1
per 10,000. The plague was its worst on
the Russian and Galican border, and
very few cases were recorded in the dis
tricts contiguous to Holland, Belgium and
France. In 1894, as in most other periods
of contagion, the cholera entered Germany
from Russia by way of the Vistula. In
deed, all the medical reports agree that
water traffic is much more to be feared as
a medium for spreading the plague than
railway or wagon traffic. The German
health authorities had some trouble at
first in convincing the men engaged in
river transportation that they must submit
to surveillance for the public good, but
now they recognize the policy of co-oper«
AN AUTOMATIC GUN.
ating actively with the sanitary boards at
the tirst outbreak of the plague.
Too much cannot be said in praise of the
splendid work accomplished by the Ger
man Cnolera Commission in 1894. The reg
ulations for checking the plague were at,
first regarded as unduly restrictive, and
the health officers charged with enforcing
them met with considerable opposition.
The end justified the means, however.
In Hamburg not a single case of cholera
occurred, and there were only six
in the whole Elbe district. A table made
by Professor Flugge illustrates the im
provement in German methods of combat
ing cholera, for it shows that in the dis
trict of Oberschlesien tnere were but 346
cases in 1894, as compared with 9069 in 1866
5903 in 1848, 5498 in 1855, 4438 in 1867 and
4324 in 1836. The lowest record in any
previous year of general infection was 898
in 1851. Professor Flugge gives Koch the
credit of teaching his contemporaries how
to deal effectively with the plague.
That cholera is no loneer formidable if
precautionary measures are taken is proved
conclusively by the exemption of the Ger
man soldiers during the period of mobiliza
tion in the Vistula district last year. At
the time, in spite of the prevalence of the
plague in East and West Prussia, an army
of many thousands of men was engaged in
maneuvers, but not a sinele case of cholera
occurred among them. It is interesting to
note the instructions issued to protect
them against contagion. They were al
lowed to drink only water that had been
boiled; whenever their clothing came in
contact witn Vistula water it was taken off
at once and sent to the barracks for disin
fection; and after every drill each man
was compelled to wash his hands with
soap in pure spring water. The general
health of the troops was never better.— New
York Evening Sun.
TO CUT DIAMONDS.
A Composition Made Possible by the
Klectrio Furnace.
The hardest body known to science is
the diamond, which has been used for a
long time for cutting, grinding and drill
ing other hard substances. Diamond
powder is of great importance in many
trades, and glass-cutting, engraving and
kindred trades could not possibly set along
without the diamond and diamond dust.
The general use of diamonds for these pur
poses has made them costly, and the
scarcity of the material has set the sci
entists upon tne search for a suitable sub
stitute. Such a one has now been found
by the French physician Moisson, who has
recently succeeded in producing artificial
diamonds with the h elp of a high-tension
electric current.
He has found a combination of boric
acid and carbonized sugar, which results
in a new stone quite superior to the dia
mond in hardness. It cuts the diamond
without difficulty, and can be made in any
size or shape. The combination of borium
with carbon occurs when the mixture of
boric acid and carbonized sugar is heated
in electric furnaces to a temperature of
about 3000 degrees. The result is a black
mass similar in appearance to graphite.
The new atone will certainly be of consid
erable importance in the qaarrying of
stone, in mining, in tha boring of wells,
and in many other trades where hereto
fore th 6 expensive and much softer black
diamond has been used.
A New Railroad Signal.
The Boston and Albany Railroad has
adopted a device that other railroads will
not be slow to accept. Whenever a train
for any reason is forced to stop at an un
usual spot a brakeman is sent back with a
fiae by day or a lantern by night. The
lantern is not at all times conspicuous,
and many rear-end collisions have oc
curred in consequence of the inability of
flagman to get far enough back on the
track to sufficiently warn the oncoming
train.
A fusee has been invented to meet this
emergency. It is attached to a pointed
rod, which is stuck into a crosstie between
the tracks. It is ignited by the simple
process of unscrewing a friction cap,
whereupon a brieht red light, which
neither wind nor rain can extinguish,
burns for fifteen minutes, making an
illumination visible for a full mile. — New
York World.
Phonograph Run by Clockwork.
It is stated that a portable phonoeraph
measuring 6 inches by 3 inches by 2 inches
has been brought out in Paris. The cylin
der of wax turns by clockwork in the base
of the instrument and the diaphragms are
very small. The apparatus resembles a
musical-box, and can be carried in the
pocket, yet it is said to be a perfect little
phonograph.
NEW TO-DAT.
ATR«fORI
THE MADDEST WOMAN
You ever heard of was one who got
hurt on a railroad, she lived on
Hyae street.
There was a certainty for her of
pain, a good rest and
BIG DAMAGES.
A friend gave her something for
it, which he assured her was good,
so she used it, and then commenced
making a list of all the things she
would buy with the damages. That
was some comfort.
Next day railroad people called
and found her so nearly well they
could not give her a cent. Scene
closed with a profusion of
Feminine Swear Words.
There's a sharp point in these for
RAILROAD MANAGERS,
BICYCLERS and
EVERYBODY.
Her level-headed friend had given
her a bottle of
Mitchell's Magic Lotion,
Which is so harmless and pleasant
to use, ani never falls to do good
If Yon Ache or Get Hurt.
Sold by druggists at 25c, 50c and
81.00.
2526
FISH COMMISSIONER
EMERIC
State Fish Commissioner H. F. Emeric
is doinir more for the cause of science than
is comprehended in the scope of his official
duties. When he is not solving the prob
lem of difference between California sar
dines and Puget Sound anchovies, or I
between horse mackerel and steelhead
mackerel, or studying whether or not our
Chinook salmon industry can be said to j
vie in importance with our product of
oysters, whales and shrimps, he is devot- :
ing himself to the consideration of a new
phase? of the evolution theory. While
Professor David Starr Jordan is monkey
ing with the idea of the missing link, Mr.
Enteric is demonstrating the pugilistic
instincts of bruin, and is confident that he
is on a hitherto untrodden trail of scientific
discovery.
Everybody remembers the story of j
Romulus, who '"sprang from the war god's
loins" and "tugged at the she wolf's :
breast." In one of Macaulay's famous -
"Lays of Rome" the singer thus addresses
Romulus:
The ravening she wolf knew thte,
Aiid from her ample store,
She gave thee of her own fierce milk,
Hlcti with raw flesh and gore.
Now the savage instincts which rendered
more dreadful the warlike nature of Romu
lus were derived from his foster mother,
the wolf.
A new question that has arisen is, "Why
may not the pugilistic propensity be a
Eupnosable derivation from a similar in
fusion of bear's blood into one of the very
early descendants of Noah?"
Of course, by this time, the propensity
■would he pretty generally distributed over
the world, just as war savagery is not con- |
fined to the limitations of any country or
people to-day. This idea * concerning
pugilism is quite original, but it is the
result of a line of reasoning as plausible
as that followed by the Roman chroniclers
in their story of the origin of the Eternal .
City. Mr. Emeric has discovered, for in
stance, that the bear is a natural pugilist
and wrestler. Bruin can strike a blow of j
sufficient power to put Peter Maher to i
sleep in an infinitesimal second of time;
and, with only a moderate effort, bruin's i
embrace would crush into shapelessness
the body of the hardiest wrestler. Mr.
Emeric's practical demonstrations in this
line have been made in the course of some
experiments at his San Pablo ranch. But
a few words of explanation are here neces
sary.
Some years ago an Oregon friend of the
Commissioner shipped him down a pres
ent in the shape of a bear-cub. It was j
taken to San Pablo, and there in time be- !
came a pet. It made friends with every j
creature on the ranch and became the
almost inseparable companion of a big j
Newfoundland dog there. Indeed, the j
bear and the dog take frequent runs 0.-er I
fields together. On one of these trips, '
it is related, the bear felt more frisky than
usual and suddenly turning from the path
climbed speedily up into a tree, expecting
the dog to follow. The dog never stopped ;
until he reached his kennel. Soon the
bear found himself alone. After locking
about in vain for his companion he set up
a dismal howl and this was continued ;
until bruin, arriving home, caught sight
of the Newfoundland, when he jumped
for joy to find his friend safe and sound.
The bear divides his rations with this dog
and is perfectly unselfish in his treatment
of his canine partner. But this is too ■
much of a digression.
So familiar did the bear eventually be
come with his owner that he would spring
up and show an inclination to embrace i
FIRST BLOOD FUR Tub iJr.AK.
[Sketched bu a "Call " artist.}
Mr. Emeric ana even to slap him on the
chest or pat him on the back.
To gratify the bear's pleasure in this re
gard the Commissioner purchased a p:tir
of boxing-troves about as larire as ordinary
pillows. The outfit was made complete by
a beautiful little muzzle.
"It is remarkable," declares Mr. Emeric,
"how quickly thae bear discovered the
real purpose of those gloves and how
speedily he manifested a proficiency in
what is called the 'manly art.' He has
got so that he dances about me with a sort
of a Jim Corbctt sidestep. When he
whirls around one is reminded of the La
Blanche swing. The iong reach that Fitz
sinimons is credited with fades into mo
THE BEAR GOES DOWN TO AVOID PUNISHMENT.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
insignificance in comparison with the
reach of this bear. Let us see. Isn't
'brute instinct' one of the elements of the
modern pugilist? Very well, this bear
possesses a refined brute instinct.
"If we are to believe the Romulus story,
why on earth can't we frame one about
the primal ancestor of pugilism? This
bear takes to pugilism as a duck takes to
water. You've often heard about the fatal
efficacy of the stroke of a bear's paw.
Well, granted that old Father Adam gave
bruin a name, it must likewise be admit
ted that bruin antedated all pugilists, and,
therefore, why can't it be contended that
in the early history, or during an early
evolution period of the human race, there
occurred an infusion of pugilistic l;ear
nature by the same prncesa as that re
corded in the case of Romulus and the
she-wolf. That is something for scientists
to ponder over."
In one of his San Pablo farmhouses, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
ther day, Mr. Emeric gave an exhibition
to a couple of bis friends. Gloves were
strapped on the bear's fore paws, the an-
I ireal was duly muzzled, and bruin then
' reared up on his hind feet, flung his head
; to one side, cloxed one eye partially, as if
the better 10 study his opponent's "intent,
1 and then advanced, at a shuffling gait, on
; the husky Commissioner. The exchange
of blows, the straight-out shots, counters
and cross-counters, upper-cuts and dodging
movements were gone through with that
| dexterity and appreciation seldom wit
| nessed outside of a professional boxing
! club. Suddfnly the Commissioner made
! a John L. Sullivan rush on the bear,
which sprang back and then started to
clinch. The paws struck the Cornmis
■ sioner's extended arm with such force that
one glove was burst and the protruding
I claws caught Mr. Emeric on the right
i hand, tearing a considerable lurrow along
the wrist.
The Commissioner, slightly angered,
rushed the bear again, determined to ad
minister a knock-down blow. Here azain
; bruin displayed the true pugilist cun
; ning, for he dropped on all tours with'
out delay, just as ring-scrappers of the day
get down to avoid punishment and secure
the restful benefit or a time allowance.
. Time was called at this moment, however,
and the bear tore the gloves off in haste for
; the big Newfoundland had loudly signaled
; to him from the outside.
■ "You observe," said Mr. Emeric in con
clusion, "that the bear possesses the pugi
listic instinct. The world is full of wonders,
• and while our scientists are working up the
; theory that the human being is evolved
from the ape, and while we have before us
'■ the instance of Romulus an;! the she wolf.
\ it seems quite possible that sony? of our up
to-date scientists may lake advantage of
I this new idea and lix the apparent rela-
j tionsnip between the bear and the pugi
list."
And the State Fish Commissioner ceased
| his bear study for the day and went off to
test the healing properties of a new brand
of liniment.
AEMCHAIE GEOGRAPHERS.
They Draw Map» of Unexplored Coun
tries With CnminendftjLile Accuracy.
Occasionally explorers are inclined to
laugh at gentlemen wnom they call "arm
chair geographers. ' y They mean geog
; raphers who do not go into the field, but
| remaining at home, sift the evidence sup
plied to them by explorers, and draw
their own conclusions. Dr. Livingstone
once wrote that he had been traveling for
weeks over dry land that ought to be deep
water, according to the English geographer
Cooley. But it is not judicious to be too
humorous at tue expense of armchair
geographers, for, experienced as many of
them are in dealing with all kinds of
geographic data, they often make very
shrewd deductions, and they have even
I been known to maue discoveries in their
armchairs before thoy were verilied by
explorers in the field.
It was one of these students, the pains
taking German geographer, Ileichard,
who grappled in his study with the prob
lem of the great Niger River years before
the world knew where its waters reach the
ocean. Even the ancient geographers had
heard of its upper course, but as late as
seventy-five years ago the wildest ideas
were advanced as to its destination. Borne
people thought it became dried up in the
Sahara, or flowed into a lake that had no
outlet. Others believ. d that M ungo Park's
theory, making the Niger the upper part of
the Congo, was quite plausible. But the Ger
man student, poring over his maps and
books, sifting all the meaner evidence, final
ly put his ringer on the mouth of tne Rio
Formoso and said that there the Niger
River entered the Gulf of Guinea. It was
twenty-eight years later that Richard and
John Lander, floating down the Niger,
reached the ocean through the Rio For
moso, now known as the Nurn River, the
largest branch of the great Niger delta.
This was a proud feather in the cap of the
armchair geographer, and there are not a
few instances of such successful specula
tion as to geographic facts.
This is an example in geographic guess
work or speculation, whicli is always al
lowable and often comes near the truth.
He is a great explorer, indeed, who can
deduce from whit he sees nearly correct
notions of things he does not see. Cap
tain Speke was such an explorer. He
uave us a fair idea of Victoria Nyanza,
the second largest fresh water lake'in the
world, though he saw it only at one place
in its southern coast and along a part of
its northern shores. His map was based
very largely upon native information. Mr.
Stanley told the writer once that he be
lieved if Captain Speke were on one sitie
of a mountain range he could teil from
what he saw there and from statements of
the natives, conflicting though they might
be, very nearly what would be foundon
the other side of the mountains.
The famous geologist, Sir Roderick
Murcliison, was more fortunate when he
speculated about inner Africa than Dr.
Petermann was in his hypothesis of the
Polar continent. It was in 1852, before
any explorer had revealed the secrets of
far inner Africa, that Murchison told us
just about the sort of country that would
be found there. A man named Bains had
been surveying roads in Cape Colony,
picking up a little book knowledge of
geology in his leisure hours, and collecting
specimens of the various kinds of rock he
saw. He sent his collection to England,
and Sir Roderick compared the informa
tion supplied by Bains with what was
known of the regions along the other
coasts. Then he gave out his brilliant hy
pothesis that most of inner Africa was com
posed of depressed basins once filled with
great lakes and bordered by eruptive rocks
forming ranges of hills or mountains; that
some of the lakes had been drained by
rivers that had cut through these ranges
of hills: that other rivers had found no
way to the sea and were lost in marshes;
that there were no great mountain ranges
in theie basins, but there might be some
short ranges or isolated summits of erup
tive origin. All this was true, and after
Dr. Livingstone had crossed the continent
he dedicated his book, describing the jour
ney, to the creat geologist, in recognition
of his "striking hypothesis respecting the
physical conformation of the African con
tinent, verified three years afterward by
the author of these travels."— Providence
Journal.
» ♦ — • ■
ATJDIBLE BLOOK SYSTEMS.
What the Railroads Are Striving For,
but Have Not as Yet Attained.
An audible block signal, according to the
opinion of a superintendent who spoke in
a recent discussion before the Buffalo Asso
ciation of Railroad Superintendents, "is a
good thing," and, adopting the logic now
prevalent in the slang of the street, it ia
every one's duty to "push it along"— to
promote its adoption. But practical rail
road men nave hitherto pushed that class
of signals away from them with persistent
unanimity, and it is therefore of consider
able interest to know what kind of a de
vice the Buffalo gentleman refers to.
All of the audible signals that we have
ever seen have been subject to the one
gr=at drawback that the enginemau's
signal to proceed was the absence of a
sound. So long as this is so the apparatus
violates the principle, fundamental in
block signaling, tbat any failure of men or
of apparatus shad reveal itself by giving a
stop signal, or at least reveal itself in some
way. We have encouraged inventors of
audible signals as far as seemed prudent,
and they have made many ingenious ap
plications of electrical and mechanical
principles, but we have yet to see a busi
nesslike and substantial application that
conforms to correct principles. We do not
believe it impossible to solve the problem
in the right nay, and that is the reason
why we have encouraged inventors.
As the frequency ot trains on busy lines
increases, something other than the ordi
nary visual signal becomes not merely de
sirabie, but a pressing necessity. This ia
sufficiently evidenced by the experience
and tlie practice of railroads in and around
London, which Have elaboiate and expen
sive arrangements for t .*e use of audible
signals during me prevalence of their in
credibly black fogs. The English method
of torpedo signaling partially or wholly
complies with the principle we have just
mentioned, that the engineman must have
so-ne positive assurance that t:;e road is
clear, so that he .shall not be compelled to
run mile after mile haunted by a suspicion
that possibly some signal set to stop him
did not properly act, or that some signal
actually given may have escaped his at
tention.
Wlien American inventors devise an
automatic apparatus which shall satisfy
the engineman as well as the shouting fog
man satisfies the English runners they
will have made greatadvance on all the
''patents" now before the railroad public.
One trouble with an audible signal is
that noise will diffuse itself about as it
pleases, and the effort to devise a thor
oughly safe signal to use in dark tunnels
(after the Fourth-avenue collision in 1891)
led to a sudden shifting of the problem
and audibie devices gave way to electric
lights. The lights were never put up in
the Fourth-avenue tunnel, but an experi
mental plant was tried in the Wehawken
tunnel.— Railroad Gazette.
WOODEN .INDIANS.
For Cigar-Store Purposes They Hold
Their Own.
A Center-street carver of wooden statues
that do duty as cigar-store signs said to a
New York World reporter: "All efforts to
supplant the good old Indian have proved
failures, lhere have been repeated at
tempts to popularize Turks, girls of the
period, baseball players, jockeys, jack tars,
soldiers, Captain Jinkses, negroes, bicy
clists, Hunkidoris, Punches, Colum
bia?, Uncle Sams and Indian maid
ens with short skirts, but the oM
fashioned red, blue and yellow
Indian, with feather headdress," and
with a tomahawk in one hand and a bunch
of Cigars or a 'hank' of tobacco in the other,
has more than held his own. -This busi
ness has been conducted in this place for
more than forty years, and I and my
father before me have turned out an
average of 200 cigar-store signs each year.
Out of the total of HOOO I venture to say
that 8000 were of Indian warriors, 1000
were what we call 'Hiawathas,' or Indian
frniale figures, while the remaining 1000
covered all other varieties.
''The wooden tigure business is not
what it used to be, however, and there
are not half a dozen people engaged in
it in the United States. The decl/ne is
mainly on account of the falling away
of the ship-building industry. In the
good old days of American bottoms there
was a steady demand for figure-heads to
place on the bows of ships. They have
gone out of fashion of late years. But few
wooden images are. made nowadays for
churches. Iron and composition plaster
have driven wood out of that branch of
the business. The Indian is still with us,
and he will stay because he is cheap and
durable."
• — m •
SWALLOWS POISON AS A BUSINESS
The Ingredients of a Kemarkable Feats
Indulged In by a Freak.
A mild-looking young man with a thin
mustache and scraggy side-whiskers, who
gave his name as Captain Vetrio, de
liberately swallowed a laree dose of
"Rough on Rats" in one of the parlors of
the Continental Hotel recently. Then, be
fore assistance could reach him. he seized
a lump of coal, bit a huge chunk out of it
ravenously, masticated it thoroughly, and
swallowed it on top of the poison. "Then
lie smiled a bland smile, and asked for
suggestions as to what lie should tackle
next.
This human ostrich, through his man
ager, for of course he doesn't do this sort
of thing fur fun, had invited a number of
newspaper men and physicians to witness
his gastronomic feats. He swallowed the
most deadly poisons, much to the amaze
ment of Dr. Orville Horwitz and Dr.
ihomas J. Morton, who were present with
George P. Conner, the well-known apothe
cary and chemist. Mr. Conner examined
the chemicals closely and pronounced
them genuine, while the physicians at
tested the fact that they were powerful
enough to exterminate a whole roomful of
men. There could be no doubt that the
man really swallowed the ingredients
which constituted his remarkable feast.
After the "Rough on Rats" and coal,
Vetno requested Mr. Conner to mix a
fatal dose of permanganate of potash in a
glass of water. Tnis he swallowed with
evident relish, following it up with a dose
of Dine vitriol, over which he actually
smacked his lips. Then he ate a sawdust
stew. Pouring a quantity of sawdust into
a pie plate, he filled it up with kerosene
and ignited it with a match. He ate thi3
red hot mess with a spoon, and called for
a glass of beer. Before drinking the beer,
however, he allowed two boxes of sulphur
matches to soak in it for several minutes,
to give it proper flavor.
He next turned his attention to a dose of
Pans green, which Mr. Conner declared
contained five parts of verdigris and four
parts of arsenic, followed that up with a
cake of indigo, and began munching at a
clay flower pot, which he swallowed with
out effort. For desert he had a big chunk
of pure phosphorus, one-hundredth ot a
grain of which is an ordinary dose. The
captain was also prepared to swallow a
granite paving stone, a bottle of printer's
ink, several dinner plates and a tallow can
dle, but didn't want to spoil his dinner. It
is understood that he will be at tne'Dime
Museum next week.-Philadelphia Record
GEOftGE WASHINGTON ON BEOOBD
Letter Written by the Leading Jin B o
of His Day.
In the manuscript department of the
British Museum in London there are
stowed away hundreds of autographic let
ters of men famous in modern and ancient
history. While in London last summer
O. O. Stealy of Louisville found among
these old letters an autograph letter from
George Washington, written from Phila
delphia, April 22, 1793, to the Earl of
Bnchan. A part of the letter refers to for
eign complications and furnishes an inter
esting chapter at this time. In t^e letter
was the following note written by the
Earl of Buehan, orother of Lord Erskine:
"On the 18th of January, 1793, I wrote to
Mr. Washington on the happy prospects
America might entertain if by any means
it could abstain from mingling in Euro
pean politics. 1 laid before him the vanity
and folly of preferring the indulgence of
ISational pride, vanity and resentment to
the slow but certain benefits to be perma
nently obtained by peace and internal
prosperity. I ventured also to recom
mend as great objects to the Executive of
America peace and union with the red
natives and attention to National educa
tion. To these sentiments the President
answered in the following letter."
The first part of the letter related to pri
vate affairs and indicates that General
Washington and Lord Buchan were oid
and intimate friends. Then the letter pro
ceeds to the subject-matter as follows:
Ihe favorable wishes which your lordship
has expressed for the prosperity of this young
ana rising country cannot but be gratefully
received by all its citizens, and every lover of
it— one means to the contribution wnich.and
its happiness, is very judiciously portrayed in
the following words ox your letter— -'to i»e little
heurd of 111 me great vvoria of politics." These
WDrda, i can assure your lordship, are expres
sive ot my sentiments on this nead:
nf  > . bei \ evtJ .it is the sincere wish
of unitsd America to have nothing to
*im the political intrigues or the
squabbles of European nation;,; but, on
tne contrary, to exchange Commodities ana
live m peace and unity with the inhabitants
of the earth, and this, 1 uni persuaUed, they
will do n rightiully it can be done. To admin
ister justice to ana receive it from every power
with whom they are connected will, 1 hope, be
always tound tne most proiniutiu feature in
the administration oi this country; aud 1 nut
ter myself tnat no;hing short of imperious
necessity can occasion a breach with auv of
them. Under such a system, if we are allo\ved
to pursue it, agriculture and the mechanical
arts, tne wealth and population ol these States,
will increase wit a that degree of r&pia.ty as to
baffle all calculations and must surpass any
idea your lordship can hitherto have enter
taiiieu on the occasion.
To evince tuat our views (whether realized
or not) are expanded, 1 take the liberty of
sending you the plan of a, new city, oimated
about the center of tho union of these Suites,
winch is designed lor the permanent seat oi the
Government, and we are at this moment deeply
engaged and far advanced in extending the
inland navigation by tne river (i'otomic) on
wuicn it, stands and tne branches thereof
through a t met of as rich country for hundreds
of miles as any iv the world. Mor is this a soli
tary instance of the attempts oi the kind, al
thougn it Is the only one which is near
completion, and In partial use. Several
other important ones are commenced and
little doubt is entertained that in ten
years, if left undisturbed, we shall open
a communication by water with all the lakes
northward and westward ot us with which we
have territorial connections, and an inland
navigation la a few years more from Khode
Island to Georgia inclusively, partly by cuts
between the great bays and sounds and partly
between islands and sandbanks and the main
from Albemarle Sound to the River Bk Marys.
To tnese may be also added the erection of
bridges over considerable rivers and the com
mencement of turnpike roads as further indi
cation of the improvements in nand.
With great esteem and respect, I have the
honor to be your lordship's most obedient,
honorable servant. G. Washington.
Mr. Stealy took a copy of the letter and
it is not believed that it has ever been
printed in this country.— Washington cor
respondence oi Cuicago Inter Ocean.
SPECIAL STAMPS FOE CITIES.
Bill to Permit Big Cities to Have I'ost-
age Stamps of Special Designs.
Representative Pugh of Kentucky has
prepared a bill to permit cities of 100,000 or
more inhabitants to obtain postage stamps
of special designs. His bill provides that
any number of inhabitants of any rity of
the United States containing a population
of 100,000 or moie, as shown by the
United States census of 1890, or as shown
by any future United States census, as may
desire, may unite in petuion lor the issu
ance of postage stamps of special designs
commemorating the history of said city or
the memory of inhabitants thereof now
deceased, but no such special postage
stamp shall be designed, made or used to
advertise the business of any individual,
linn, corporation or society.
The petition asking for these special
stamps must be delivered to the Postmas
ter ol their city, and by him forwarded to
the Postmaster-General at Washington,
who shall report the same to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the latter, upon find
ing that the provisions of this act have
been complied with, shall furnish postage
stamps of special design to the Postmaster
of that city for the use of the people upon
the same terms and conditions that Post
masters are now supplied.
Eepresentative Pugh says there is con
siderable sentiment throughout the coun
try in favor of stamps of special designs,
and he hopes to receive a favorable report
of the bill at an early day. Mr. Pugh in
his bill provides against any fraud or de
ception being practice i on the Govern
ment, and that the co3t of engraving and
printing these stamps will fall on the peo
ple of the city and not the taxpayers of the
country.— Washington Post.
The Fastnet Light.
The first glimpse of Great Britain that
the American tourist getß on his European
tour is that of the Fastnet lighthouse.
It stands on a rugged and solitary rock,
situated nine miles south of Crookhaven,
at the extreme southwest corner of Ire
land, ana is, perhaps, more storm-beaten
than any other around our coast. The
rock is 80 feet in height, and the light
house towers another 70 feet above, yet, in
winter gales, thr Atlantic billows literally
bombard the massive structure and have
even smashed in a portion of the lantern
at the summit of the erection, the seas
frequently sweeping over the rock with
tremendous force. Some two or three
years a^o the stormy weather then pre
vailing prevented all communication
with the rock for many weeks, so that
the store of food was consumed, with the
exception.of some flour. At last a schooner
managed ito approach sufficiently' near to
enable a small quantity of food to be
dragged through the sea" by the hungry
men, and, fortunately, the next day the
sea moderated ana the stores were once
more fully replenished.
Except in very calm weather the Fastnet
is surrounded by a fringe of foam, and the
only means of landing is by the aid of a
"jib" lifty-eight feet in length, so placed on
the rock that, in moderate weather, its
end reaches outside the surf. When a
visitor wishes to land (an unusual occur
rence) he is rowed in a small boat as near
as the waves will permit, and the light
keepers throw out a small buoy, attached
to a rope, which is secured by the man in
the boat. The jib is then swung out and
the visitor, placing one foot in the loop
and catching tight hold of the rope, is
hoisted about forty feet vertically, and
then the jib, being pivoted at to foot,
swings him horizontally about 100 feet
onto a safe landing.— London Sketch.
Eskiminzln, an Apache chief, who has
been a notable mischief-maker and con
spicuous in many of the Apache outbreaks,
died at San Carlos, Ariz., last week. Some
time ago he was exiled to Florida, but was
permitted to return to his home. He died
of old age.
NEW TO-DAY.
3STOT -A.
BUT A GROWN OF SUCCESS!
Studded with photographs of people who were once sick, but
* are now cured through the skill and treatment of
NOBLE WORK OF II SUCCESSFUL PHYSICIAN,
There is no work allotted to man so noble, so exalted and so
worthy of praise as the work of the physician who devotes his
time, his energies and his labors to alleviate human suffering
and spread sunshine and happiness in the hearts of his fellow-
men. Such a man is DOCTOR SWEANY, and to-day he stands
as a physician without a peer on the whole Pacific Coast. Suc-
cess has crowned his every effort; diseases have yielded to his
skill and treatment which had stubbornly resisted the most
radical and rigid treatment of other physicians of acknowl-
edged ability. His crown is not a heritage, handed down
through generations of ancestors, but the crown of success,
earned through his unceasing labors and unbounded interest
In his profession. It is not studded with rare and costly jewels,
but it is a precious diadem of photographs of human beings
who were once sick with disease and lost to all the enjoyments
and pleasures of life, but to-day, through his skill, are restored
to health, and their hearts are .filled with Joy, gladness and
gratitude.
Those photographs are the pictures of men of Intelligence,
wealth and high social standing who have written testimonial
letters to DOCTOR SWEANY, expressing their deep heartfelt
gratitude for his successful work in their cases, and their let-
ters are now on file in his private office, together with thou-
sands of others of the same kind, where they are held sacredly
confidential, only to be seen or read by those who desire to be-
come his patients.
DOCTOR SWEANY SUCCESSFULLY TREATS
ALL CHRONIC DISEASES OF THE HEAD, THROAT, LUNGS,
HEART, STOMACH, LIVER AND LUNGS, KIDNEY TROUBLES,
DISEASES OFTHE BLADDER AND URINARY ORGANS, RUP-
TURE, PILES, VARICOCELE, HYDROCELE AND SWELLING
OF THE GLANDS, LOSS OR PARTIAL LOSS OF SEXUAL
POWER AND VIGOR IN EITHER MEN OR WOMEN, EMIS-
SIONS, SLEEPLESSNESS, MENTAL WORRY, BASHFULNESS,
FAILING MEMORY AND ALL THE DISTRESSING ILLS RE-
SULTING FROM NERVOUS DEBILITY POSITIVELY AND PER-
MANENTLY CURED. GONORRHOEA. GLEET, STRICTURE and
that terrible and loathsome disease SYPHILIS thoroughly and
fOf ever cured.
The POOR who call at his offices on Friday afternoons are
welcome to his treatment free of charge.
Your troubles if living away from the city and advice will be
given you free of charge. DOCTOR SWEANY has studied in
the leading hospitals of Europe and is conversant in all mod-
ern languages. Letters are answered in ENGLISH, FRENCH,
GERMAN, ITALIAN, SPANISH, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN and
DANISH. . •■: '
COff Hours : 9t012 A. M., 2to 5 and 7toB P. HI.
Sundays : 10 to 12 A. M. Only.
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.
737 Market Street
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUaiatAKK OF THE MAKkET>.
Silver steady.
Hank Clearings caln 15 percent.
Wheat still higher.
Rye held for more money,
Other Cereals unchanged.
HeMMdaU. Hay quiet.
Flour very*, firm.
Feed stuffs as before.
Beef, Pork an ■:. Mutton tending upward.
Coal in good demand.
Some business in Grain Bags.
Shipment of Hops to London.
Choice Apples firm.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes dull.
l'rovisions inttctivc.
Turkeys higher. Game advanced.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. ■
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs lower.
AVEATHER REfOKT BUREAU.
"ran States Departmext or Aoßicuir
tcre, Wr.AiHKR Bcbkau, Sax Fraxci*-o, Jan
uary -•"■, 1896, 5 v. Ji.— Weather conditions aud
iit^nil forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of the same data last season:
Eureka 22.30. las', season 28.73; Red Bluff 11.73,
las', season 22.27; San Francisco- 10. 19, last season
19.60; Fresno 3.15, last season 9.62; San Luis
Obispo 10.09, last season 20.44: Loa Angeles 4.19,
last MMOO 11.19: s.,:i Die^o 2.30, last season 9.61;
Yurna .32. last season 2.89.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
Minimum CO, mean 50. Rainfall for twenty-four
hours 68 inches.
A storm of considerable energy is central to-
Bight off the coast of Washington, and rain with
nigh southeasterly wind* has occurred during the
past twelve hours over the entire country west of
the Rocky Mountains and nor; of the thirty-fifth
parallel, Maximum wind velocities of 00 miles
per hour are reported from Fort Can by and 42
Riilfs from Port and and 40 at Winnemncca and
O'_ at latoosh Island. Au area of high pressure is
central ov.-r the Upper Missouri Valley, the pres-
Euro btinar 30.56 inches at Bismarck. A small and
le<?bi« secondary low appears to be formi:i? in the
On-, ns River Valley.
The temi>e rat ure "l'as risen over the entire Pacific
clove. It is more thau 12 dearees warmer at Inde
pendence, Salt Lake City and in Washington and
Western Montana. While the storm remains, uu-
M ted weather with BOUthfcTly C ales is likely.
General aod heavy rain has fallen in the Sacra
mento Valley.
The total rainfall for this storm at San Francisco
is.CS of an inch.
The river at Sacramento is 25.6 feet and is proba
bly as high as it will go, although the rain will keep
the river at a high stair* tor the nt-xt thirty-six
hours. At Kolsc-m the river is 10 feet, at Redding
8.2 feet, at Red Bluff 14.1 feet.
Forecast im.i'.e M >an 1-iaiioisco for thirty hours
ending mulniKht January 26, 189<i:
Northern California— Showery :*\iuday forenoon;
hish southeasterly winds.
Southern Cu;ii6mia— Shower\" Sunday In north
ern portion: fresh southerly winds, becoming west
er! v along the coast.
Nevada— tain in northwest portion.
Vtah— Cloudy weather and probably rain Sun-
Cay.
f Arizona— Cloudy weather.
Son Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weather
*ilh showers Su«c!ay forenoon; fresh southerly
* inds. A. Mcadie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW \okk kakk;.is.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— After a slight
hesitation at the opening the railway and miscella
neous stock market developed considerable
■trength. The pause in the upward movement in
the early dealings was the result of lower prices
from Lonioa, which disconcerted operators who
■ad expected heavy burinK orders from abroad to
follow the- inarp risi in the local market at the I
close of yeste-day's business. Soon after the open- !
ing, however, local operators turned buyers again
and in a little while. under the influence of these j
purchases, the entire list moved op rapidly. There !
vbs little news afloat to atYect values, although the 1
bank statement li some quariers was accepted as
an Indication of the success of the new Govern
ment loan. The particularly strong stocks were
the Industrials, Grangers. I'altimore and Ohio. Jer
sey Central and Western Union*: The advance in
prices ranged from \/tX to ii <; and was well dis
tributed. Total sales were 114.D71 shares.
Bonds were strops. sa!>es were $1,030,000. Atchi
•on second certiticaits rose to 2:>3- 4^ trie sec
ona consol certificates. 1 to7ii/2: i^uisville, New
Albany and Chicago general nves, lit* to G9*V^;
'Miunesotaand St Ix)uis consol fives, '1% to 9j<:
Northern Pacific two?, li/ 2 10 lU2: Oregon Navi
gation oonsoi fives certincates. 2^ to .!■.']._, ; St
Louis 80c th western firsts. I to73;ido seconds, 2
to 30% ; Union Pacific sixes o! lS3t>, I to 102.
In Government bonds ?50,t'0f rear?s:ered ionrs
Of 1925 brought IK)., and $26,000 do coupon,
110" j.
«rain.
FLOUR — Firm: moderate- demand. Winter ,
Wheat, low rrades. ¥2 :s'Jf<i.' 70; .10 fair to fancy. I
$'2 SUMS 45: <Jo patents. S3 45fa*3 SO; Minjiesota i
cl^Hr. $J 3V<§-S 15; do Straits, S'.l'iMZ 4U; do patents, j
fi 20<u,4 W. low extras. S2 ios,'J 80; City Mills, j
8454 10; do patent*. S4@i 25. Bye mixture, §3 40
@XSK); smveTiine; %l(a2 bouthern flour— Quiet,
stearty: co-nmon to tair extras. *■-' 30 '."1 90; good I
to choice <\e>. ?o<l3 'JO. Hye flour— Dull, steady,
C 2 40@2 So. Boctvt heat flour, 51 25.
BUCKWHEAT— 4Oc Ud elevator; 41c delivered. j
CORNMEAL — Quiei; yellow Western, 25©
2 30: Brandy w'ne, $'J 25. I
KYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Nominal; No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; nn
graded Western, 39@40c.
BaHLEY MALl— Nominal.
WHEAT— Spot market dull, stroneer. No. 2 i
red, store and elevator, 76(ij,76i'oc: arloat, 78c:
i. o. b.. < nVt/&2S\/ C\ ungraded red77O@7&c; No. 1
nor! 74i<ic.
Options active and excited, closingat Sji^i^c ad
vance on firmer cables; liUher West v foreign buy- i
Ins; and local covering; .May and Inly most active. ]
No. 2 red. January. "I'S'gc; February, 72Vrc; 1
Jlarcb, 73* jc; May, "1 "- ■>' ; June ana July, 71c "
CORN— firm: No. 2, 3tiV±c elevator; 37V4c I
afloat.
ions were dull and strong at i.4@3'sc advance.
2Jay n)O3t active; January. Stt%C; May, 8614 c;
July. S7V&C.
OATS— Spot dilll, firmer. No. 2. 25-; No. 2
white. V6V4^26Hc: No. . Chicago. 2c: No. 8,
2844034 c: No. 3 while. 25c: mixed Western, liS
white state, 26/aißc.
i Options stronger, dull. .Tanuarv, 24% c; Feb
ruary. 24 7g: May, *2S^@2S4k.
FEEI> BRAN— DuII; 80@62%c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet Reef hams, dull: ils 30.
T'erced beef, dull; city extra India zners, $15®
17; cut meats, quiet; pickled bellies, by s (g,bi/tc;
00 shoulders, ■i--^:fa f :ic: do hams, BVz@9c.
! LARD— Quiet, s rang: Western steam. $6; city.
$5 50&5 60: January, closed .*6: refined, dull;
Continent. £•■ 25: South America, $6 60: com
pound, f 4 ~: (q.b.
li )i.K— . steady.
BUTTER t'buc creamery, firmer: ElctOfl, 2?c; j
f-tat* dairy. 16919 c; do creamery. ' 15®19c:
M'estern, creamery, lE(jj2oV2C;do June.l4@]Bi/2C: 1
do -factory. Vtolbi •. ; Elpins, 20% c; imitation
creamery."l3@l<c: rolls. i^i.l4c.
fJGGS^-Flirti, moderate demand; State and Perm- I
rvlvama, 17' 2 jc: Southern. 16i^«17»4c;
lct-hous*. 14@14"Vbc: Western fresh, 16 1 /s@l7B4c; I
limed, 14c
TALLOW— QuI«t: City. 35& C: country, 454% c. i
COTTON OIL— '1 iei; Crude. 24i^C: yel- I
low, prime. 28i<fe<ai!9c; do off grades, 37%6)28e. ■
ROSIN— DuII, steady; Strained, common 10 good, |
• 16O&1C5. 1 >"
TURPENTINE— Quiet: SIQSIi^C.
IK)TATOE.S— Quiet • Sweets, $2fc,4 75. -
RlCE— Fair demand; Domestic fair to extra, S@ i
6%c: Japan, 3 / iiS.4c.
MOLASSES— unchanged.
COFFEE— Steady. 10 points up to 15 down:
January, $1» 25: February. $12 90: March, $12 80
©12 90: May, $12 30@12 40; June. $12 10; July,
612: September, $11 46@11 55. Spot Rio, dull;
No. 7.ia %c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; centrifugals, 96 test, 3%c
Refined, quiet: No. 6 and 7. 4 5-36 c; No. 9.
4, S-16@4i/8c: No. 11, 4c: No. 12, 3 3 16c; No. 13,
S%c: off a, 4Vfe@JS/8 c : mold A. 5 3-l6c; standard
A, 4 6-16 c; confecuoners' A, 4 13-16 c: cut loaf
and crushed, 5 9-16 c; powdered and cubes, 5 3-16 c;
granulated, 4 15-16 c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FP.UITS-Aprieots, bags, 9«4@
12 c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 1896, 15c: do unpeelea,
1895, 53/i<g,s:Vfeo: do. 1894, 4*V^@7c.
PRUNES— four sizes, 51-40."""
RAISINS — loose Muscatel 3-crown, 3V*@3Vac;
do d0.4-crown, 4@sc; London layers, nominally
60c&$l 25.
ALMONDS— Paper-shell, ll@12c; do soft-shell,
86,9 i^c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6Va@7c; flo soft-shell,
nominal feV 2 iiloc.
HOlS—D ull, unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— DuII, unchanged.
COPPER— DuII; Lake. *9 75(3.9 871 A.
LEAD— DuII; domestic. $3 02* '»($•& 05.
TIN — Dull; Straits, *13 06^13 10; plates,
moderate demand.
SMCLTKK-Dull; domestic, *4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.t_, Jan. 25.— A lively ten mln
uetes was experienced in the wheat market at
about the expiration of the first half hour this
morning, when, on sharp bidding and buying v.-lttj
scant offerings the price was rushed op one cent a
bnshel. Within the past tew days the market lias
witnessed several of these unexpected flurries,
and the crowd advances several theories for them,
principal among which was being manipulation
with prominent elevator proprietors mentioned in
connection' therewith. The bulls profess to be
lieve that legitimate conditions warrant the
strength. The opening this morning was easy, the
war rumor which was in circulation at the close
veaterday havine been found to have no founda
tion in fact. The market then advanced quickly,
but the excitement suoslded later, and prices fell
uway to some extent. Receipts at Chicago were '
10S cars. The Northwest had 435 cars against
40t) last Saturday and 220 a year ago. Liverpool
cables were firm and Vi<l higher. Continental
markets were generally lower. The inspections 1
from store nere 809,398 bushels, and export clear- I
ances aggregated 107.373 bushels- Shipments
from both coasts lor the week 9,000 bushels. J
Brot^rs Rave up Armour's name on a large share :
of to-day's purchases, many of which were made !
during the last half hour, the period being marked '
by a renewal of the earlier strength. May wheat '.
opened from Bo^ic to eav^c, advanced to 65V/ B e,
closing at 65% c, a nirt gain of ls/.@liAc. Esti- '
mated receipts for Monday 95 cars.
COKN— \\ as Inspired by the strength .of wheat, <
FhW , ?I i S * material gain. Improvement in
this market is menaced, however, by the big cro D
Enm,.h h^ s n °t yet fairly started to move.
tiKh couran exists among the bulls neverthe
less .0 allow of an advance when assisted by any
umsußl strencth in tne leading grain. Receipts
to-day were 424 cars, and 39,150 -bushels were
tajten from store. Liverpool cables were quiet
ana Steady. Export clearances amounted to 330.
--111 ba ß2^ May corn opened at,293 sold be
!-"' 1< ' n i 285' s @25<Vic and 31c, closing at B @3lc.
■ ' ■!<: iilKher than yesterday. '£?%?s•'£*
ceipts for Monday 370 cars.
OATS— Were firm and advanced proportion
ately with wheat and corn. The bettor tone in
duced shorts to cover with freedom, the market
presentinc quite an active appearance. Receipts
were 242 cars. There were no withdrawals from
store. May oats closed lc higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts for Monday 210 cars."
lax— Was steady, Cash, 92c; May, 9634 c
Receipts were 21 cars. .
PHOVIsIONS— Strength predominated In pro
visions under the two-fold influence of higher hog
values and advancing wheat. The market was
active, but not extraordinarily so, attention being
diverted by wheat. At the close May pork was
27V->c higher. May lard 7 1 /»@10c Higher, and May
ribs 12V<sC higher! •
• Closing* Prices.
WHEAT— January, ■" 625/ 8 c: May, 655/ 8 c: July,
6 5 ! We. te<E*H*a****wi*S'*********h : (mj*jMif**' . \
CORN-January, '285/ 8 c; May, * 30%@31c;
Jnly, 32c.
January. 19i,ic« June, 211/40; July,
22y 8 a . ...
PORK— January. *10 65: May, 810 92%.
LARD— January, »5 7"y 2 : May, $6 02y 2 : July,
$6 15. I
"" RlßS— January, «5 20; May, *5 47V 2 ; July,
$6 571 3.
BUTfEß— There was a slight improvement In
the demand for extra creamery butter to-day, but
stocks were small and prices steady anil un
changed.
.MONEY— Was firm at 6 per cent[on call and 6@7
per cent on time loans. New York exchange sold at
85c premium. -.■-: .'■■■■■
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. 25.—
receipts of cattle to-day were fair and everything
wus disposed of at steady prices. The run of hogs
was extremely light even for a Saturday, and with
a good demand prices advanced s@looperloo
pouu ds. Only a few sheep were on sale ana they
closed out at steady prices.
CATTLE — Receipts, 10,000. Fancy beeves.
?4 ■■•; B0; choice to crime 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 30@4 60: fair to choice steers. 1200 to
1500 rounds, $3 75@4-25; common to medium
steers, 950 t o 1250 pounds, $3 20&.3 70; feeders,
900 to 1150 pounds, $3 4033 85; stockers, 800 to
900 pounds, $2 65@3 40: cows and heifers, extra,
$3 50@4; bulls, choice to extra, $3@3 60; bulls,
poor to good, $2(g.2 76; cows, fair to choice, 52 60
@3 40; veal calves, good to choice, $5@6 25;
calves, common to good. $3©475: Texas fed
steers, ¥894 10. Texas bulls and cows. $2 50®
3 25.
Receipts. 8600. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. ?4 1U@4 SO; common to choice
mixed. $4@4 SO: choice asserted, $4 20®
•i 25: light, *4@4 27%: i>i*s, ?S 30@4 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000. Interior to choice,
!fC Vs@3 65; lambs, $3 25@4 60.
SEW YORK. STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call is offered at 3;;. Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 67c. Mexican dol
lars, 5234 c. Sterling, exchange weaker, with
actual business in t>auKers\ bills at 54 87ya@4 87*4
for sixty a »ys ana $4 883/;@4 89 lor demand.
Posted rates. 54 88Va®4 S9. Commercial bills,
M fc6Vs@* 87 1 .-«. Government bonds steady; State
bonds dull: rauroad bonds strong. Silver at the
board was dull.
CXOSIifa STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 93 | Norfolk & Wes-... 1%
A:culson 11V8I Preferred... 7i /3
Preferred --ij: North American... Bi/g
Adams h.:;pre88...14K Northern Puclils.. 3 1,4
i Alton.Terre Haute-. 57 Preferred 12
American Express. 110 Nortnwestern 99%
' American Tobacco. 7714' Preferred l* l7 /a
Preferred 100 N. Y. Central 97y 2
I Bay State Ga5...... 20 X. Y. ChicagoAS.li 138
I Baltimore <E Ohio.. 42-*4 Ist preferred..... 75
I Urunswicc Lands.. . fi-8' 2d preferred 28
' Buffalo, Koch &1\ 12 X. Y. N. H... MM 181
* Canada Pacific 54 K. Y.«fcNew Eng. 45
' Canada southern . 4SVVN. Y. Busq & \V._ 9%
1 Canton Land &'•)% Preferred. ....... 27
, Central Pacific l 43 /4 lOntarlo 10 .
Ches. & Ohio 13 Ontario 4 Western. 14
Chicago A1t0n...;. I*6 Oregon Improving 2%
Preterrea 170 ! Preferred. —
' Chicago, B. & Q 7b3/ 8 Oregon Navigation, 1-' -
| Chicago <£ E. 111... 42% Oregon Short Lin*. 5
Preferred.... 95 Pacific Mai! 2bS/ 8
I Chicago oas..'. 1 i Peona, D.& Evans. 3
I Clevedt Pittsburs.lsß ,Plttsburg & W pfd. 20
Consolidation Coal. 119 Pullman Palace... 153
Consolidated 0a5..147 Quicksilver. 1%
C. l. c &St- Louis. 35Vi' Preferred. 15%
' Preferred. 8R Kea<iins; 'lVs
; Colo. Fuel <t Iron.. 27Vi'R2o(.Jrande<fc\Vesta 13
! Preferred 100 I Preferred....;.... 40
j Cotton Oil Cert lei^Kock 151 and......; 67
; Commercial Cable. ISO Rome Wat <&Ogdenll6
i DU. Hudson li6^bt.U*S. W 5
' l>eLL»ck<fc Western! 6l ! Preferred JtWi j
I Denver K. U_.... Bt.Panl .-. ~O^ 8
I Preferred. MU Preferred 126' 4
I DlstUiers ltii 4 St. Paul <fc Dulata. 22
! General Electric... 26%' Preferred. 86
j Erie 1514 Bt. Paul & Omaha, 363,4 j
Preferred V4V'> Preferred 121
; Fort Wayne lbO jßt. P. M. AM. 107
real Northern pta. 110 '(Silver Certincai.... 67 4
Green bay % Southern Pacific... 20V*
! Harlem 280 iboutnern H. X..... fit's
Hocking Coal 2 j Preferred 28'
Hocking Valley... lM &U(rar Hennery 1051,4
Homestate 28 1 Preferred. 88
| K. & Texas Cent-. V» Term. Coal A Iron. 273,4
1 Illinois Central.... 95 ',2 Preferred 100
j lowa Central. 8 Texas Pacific 9"«
Preferred 29y,iTol.A.A.<fcN.:Micn,
. Kansas <fc Texas... il "|lol. A Ohio Can.... 30
Preferred 25i.u> Preferred. 65
Kingston & Pern... 3'"|iol.Bt.liouU&K.(i 6
| Lake Erie it W'esia 20%| Preferred 14
i Preferred 77 Union Pacific 3%
1 Lajte Unore 145 jU. P.. Den. & Quit 3Vi
• National L«ad».... 25 D .H. Cordage 6Vii
Preferred. 83%! Preferred 10»2
! Long Island 83 Guaranteed 21
j Louisville & Nash. 45%' D. K. Express 38
Louisville Na&Cn. 9i/i'U. a Leather • 9Vi
Preferred 19 Preferred. 63i/i
■ Manhattan Consol.lt'3%!U. S. Rubber 27 /*.
I Mempuis A Charts. 16 ! Preferred.... 85
Mexican Central... 9 UMca&B. Klver..lso
Michigan Central.. 93 ! iVab. 8. L. A Pac.. 6%
MiniiAß. j1... — Preferred IB.*
Preferred. — Wella-Fanro. 95
I Minn. <fc St. Lcom. 19 Western Union.... 84>!4
Ist preferred 74 .W is Centra* _ 3
2U preferred 45% Wheeling AL. X.. 118/,
; Missouri Pacific.. 25»/g Preferred... 35Va
| Mobile A Ohio 23 y 2 Am Cotton Oil pfd. ty.\
| Ka&hvilleChatt.... 66 jW U Beef IYa
National Linseed.. 18 L I Traction- 19 3
N. J. Central. 101% Ann Arbor • 9$
CIO'INO BOND*.
IP 48. re*.. ...... .308 MKT2dB... 69%
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..10814! D 0.45..... 83
V SAsnewreg. — 113 Mutual Union si.. 115
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..114 N J Cent Gen 6s...li;i ia
Do. 2s 96 Northern Pac lsts.ll4
Do, 65... 11l , D«. 2ds 10'J
Do. 6s couDon 11 Do, 80s . .-65
Cherokee 4s. 189tt.i00 ' Nonnwest Consola,l4oiA
D 0.1897 100 Do, deb 5e- 10SV»
D 0.1898 100 iO KAN Ist*.. 107 V?
l>o. )899 100 StL«tlronMtGen6s 79
! Pacific 6s of '96.... ißt L A F Gen 6s. 102
;D. C.3-6 6s 110 ISt Paul Consols 138
Ala Class A 4 jO9 ft. P. C. APa lsts.ll3
Do. Class 84, 6s. 107 ! Do. Pac Cai ists.. 108
La Consoi4s 9 7 1/4 Southern R. K. 5«. 90
Missouri undine..—. Texas Pacific firsts 85%
X Carolina con 68..120 ! Texas Pac seconds. 19%
■Do, 4» .102 UnfonPaclstof9B.lo2
So Carolina 4V%5...10bV West Shore ..105
Term new ss. Mobile A Ohio *».. 66%
Va funding debt... 60 llt OranaeWest Ist* 76
Jo. r*g ;....— Chea<ftOCs. 108%
Do, deferred 65... 6% Atchlson 4s 73LS
Do. trust rcpts st 6 j Do. A.—..... ■■' 23%
Canada South 2ds.. l04»i'o HA 8 A 65.. 105
1 Cen Pac Ists of '9s 1 OX) Do, 2d 7s. . "*IOO
Den* G Ist 112% H A Tex Cent 55..T08
1 *"-** 88V* Do.cones .104-
F : rie2d « 70Va Beading 45... 77V»
Kansas Pa Consols 7B ; Missouri Us 100 '
Ks Pa lav Den divlOS I.
FOKEIGS MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LrVEBFOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., Jan. 25.— The spot market
Is firm at 5s Rd@ss By*d. Cargoes are firm at
an advance of S@Sd on passage.
* I TUBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 lied Winter: Janu
ary, 53 63id: February. 6s 7d; March, 6s 7%d:
April, & 3 7y 3 'l; May, 6s 7y a d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, E>rs., Jan. 25.— Consols, 107 11-16;
silver, SOB/ 8 d; French Rentes, — .
EXCHANGE AM) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, £0 days. — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Merlins Cables .■...;........ — 89%
New York Kxchange, 5ight......... — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Par
Fine Silver, jounce.... :. — 67 ■-.
Mexican D011ar5......... 63% 6*
BANK : CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were 911,114,524,
against $9,667,628 . for the same week in 1895,
a gain of aboutls&
«.
PKODUCE MAKKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Clan MacKenzie takes for Cork
66,235 ctls. valued at $56,232; Lawhill, for Loo
don, 72.847 ctls at 975,300. ■ .
Prices went up again yesterday, both on and off
call, and the market was fully as stiff as at any
time since the : present advance Bet in. No. 1,
$1 12i^@l 1334; choice, $1 16; lower grades, «1
($1 10; extra choice for milling, $1 20@l 25.
, 1 CALL. BOARD BALKS. . ■ ..
Informal Session —10 o'clock — May— Boo
tons, $1 17%; 1900, $1 17%. December — 200,
$1 19; 100. «1 18%: 800. $118*^. ' .
Regulab .Miibmxo session— May— 300 tons,
«1 1B%; 900,* l lBVa: 300. 51 163/ 8 ; 500, i?l 16\4;
ioo. $1 16; 100, «1 16%: 600, «i 158/ i; 900.
91 16V«. Secern ber-100, $1 17%; 100, $1 17»/«;
700, «1 17J/4; 1000, $1 17. Spot, storage paid—
100, $1 i3Vi. ,
BArtLEV— Shipment ' of 26.331 ctls Brewing,
valued at {21,000, to London. . .
The market sbows no change. Quotations for
Chevalier are dropped, stocks being insufficient to
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
justify tl.ein. Feed, 67i/i@7oc; choice, 7iy*c; |
Brewing, 75@82%c •$ ctl. ' - ' 1
CAM. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 10 o'clock— May— 3oo tons
71 3 ,ic. . 1 /....: -. ' ' .-. '. - -..:
'■•■ Hkqular Mfißxiso Session— 4oo tons,
7iy 8 c: 100. 707/ 8 c: 300, 71c
OATS— No change. Business is quiet. 'Milling.
s @Bsc; fancy Fred. 86g90c: good to choice.
77 1 /2(0i86e; common to fair, 65@75c; Gray, 80®
85c; Red, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, lor seed. $1 10
@1 30: do for feed, 75(o:85c; Surprise, 95c@$l 05.
■^CORN— Dealers report a very auiet market.
Large Yellow. 90c $ ctl; Small Round do, 90c;
White, «2V«jf*Bsc %* ctl. •• -
RYE-Is held higher at 77y.j@S2y 2 c •& ctl. *":
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal at 85c(§$l $ ctl, ac
cording to quality, r ■■ -■■■■
FLOUS AND MH,"L§TUFFB.
FLOUR— Very stiff, > but no higher. Net cash
prices are as follows:; Family extras, $3 65@3 75;
Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65; superfine, $2 50@2 60
%"> bit!. . -
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Corn, '$ 20: Cracked
i'orn, $20 50 s*"* ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices' in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2- +c: Rye Flour, 31,4 c; Rice Flour, 7y»c: Corn
meal, 2s4@3c; extra cream do, 3%0; "oatmeal,
33/ic; Oat Groats. 41-3 C: Hominy, 4@4y±c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3V»c: Farina,
41/3 C: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats. 4V5»c;
Peart Barley, 4V£c: Split Peas, 4»4c; Green do,
6Vicstb. £_"'■ ' ','
HAY AND lEEDSTUFFS.
BEAN— ?12@13 "^ ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— $16@19 for lo\yer grades up to
f'M 50 9*l ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 li* ion:
Oilcake Meal . at the mill, $21 %i ton; jobbing,
£22 50; Cottonseed Oilcake, $21. --■■■-.■■ .
HAY— Quotations show no change. "Wheat. $8(31
12 50; Oat. B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, $7 60®
1150 fi ton; Barley, $7@9 50; Alfalfa, $6(&9;
Clover. $6<g>B; Compressed, $7 50@ll; Slock, $6@
7 50 %» ton.
STRAW— 3S@6Oc ■$ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— No demand of any consequence. Bayos
quotable at $I@l 15: Small Whites, $1 25@1 60
ctl; Pea, $1 50@l 05; Large Whites, $1 16@1 25;
Pink, 90c@$l 12 V a : Reds. $1 35@1 4O; Blackeye,
$176©166; Red Kidney, 81 75@1 90; Ltmas,
$'« 50(aJ2 75; Butters, $1 60@l 70 %* ctl.
SKkDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at *1 95
©2 05 * ctl: Trieste, $2(<£2 MO '& ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60: Flax, $1 To@l 75; Canary, 3^4
(a.3V c i* Ib; Alfalfa 6V2@7c %l lb; Rape, is?
020 lb; Hemp, %l tb. ",'-, 'V
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at $1 25@1 50 $> ctl for
Niles. ... •■.'■--_;•••
i POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Are quiet. Salinas Burbauks quot-
I able at 60@9»c 'f, ctl : River Burbanks, 25@40c •$
• sack: Oregon Bnrbanks, 60@76c; Oregon Garnet
I Chiles, 65@70c; River Reds, 45@5bc ctl.
ONIONS— Quiet and unchanged at 90c®$l 1-0 «i
I ctl; Cut Onions. 60@75c; Oregon, $1 15(£1 35.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 10c '$ tb; Mush-
I rooms. . 3@loc, outside figure for choice Buttons;
Dried Peppers, 6<aioc *$ lb: Los Angeles Tomatoes
76c@Sl.Si5 "$ box; Green Peas. 4@6c "f> lb; String
Beans. — -; Dried Okra, 12y 2 c; Cabbage, 40@30c
•$ ctl: Garlic, 4@sc $ lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15
@20 3 ton. -
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Nothing new.
Creamery— Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 26@26c
V lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 24@25c; good to choice, 22®
23c; lower grades, 18@21c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new is Quotable at 13 \' 2 %
! 1-c: common in stood. BV2@loc: Cream Cheddar,
I Il«ai2c; Younit America. ll'a,l2c; Western, lljS
12c; Eastern, 12©1 3 cfi lb.
EGGS— The market continues unsettled and
quotations are badly mixed, as every dealer has
his own price. Average prices quoted yesterday
■were as follows: Store Eggs, 15@16c; ranch Eggs,
17@18c %i dozen, with small sales higher.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Turkeys were very stiff and
some were reported sold slightly over the quota
tions. Other stock was dull. . '
Live.Turkeys, 13@14c si lb for Gobblers and 14c
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c H tt>; Geese, "£
pair .SI 25@1 75; Ducks, $5 50@6 60:' liens, $4@
6: Roosters, young. $4'50@5 50: do, old, $4@4 60:
Fryer 3, $4 50@5; Broilers, $4 50 for large and
$3@4 for small; Pigeons, $1 b\}(g;'i 0 dozen for
young and $I@l 25 for old,
GA.ME— Was firm yesterday and cleaned up well
at higher prices. Hare, $1(§1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@>
1 60 f>. doz for Cottontails and $1 for small : Gray
Geese, .?2 60@3;- White Geese, *1 25: Krant.
$1 50; Honkers, $3 60@4: English Snipe, s2@2 50;
Jack Snipe, $1 25 %i dozen.
! DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
I APPLES-Choice stock is firm. We quote 85c@
$1 '& box for good to choice, 60@75c for common
Itu fair arm 51 25@1 50 for fancy; Siskiyou Apples,
75c@J51 50. -
CITRUS FRUlTS— Everything on the list Is dull |
and weak. Oranges," *i 25@1 50 ifi box for Seed- :
lihtrs and i«l 50@'J 5O fi box' for Navels: Lemons,
$i(<jll 60 for common and $2(3;2 50 . for good to
choice: California Limes, 75c@*l '& box: -Mexican
Limes, 85@6; Bananas, $l(<ji2 •j* bunch; Pineap
ples, $2 50^5 ? dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange;
Carload Lots— Apples, 2i.'2@3CH tt> for quar
tered, S@3VsC * lb for sliced and 4140 fi lb for
evaporated ; Peaches, I : %@4c f» rb and 6y 2 @6c
for iancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7Va®
8V 2 c for prime to choice, : 9Vic for. fancy and 11 to,
lie "fi lb for fancy Moorpark; Pisa, black. 2@2V2C
I for impressed; White Figs, 3>^@4c In sacks; Pears,
7c Vb for evaporated halves, 4(a 3 c fi lb for
quarters; I'runes. B%c: Plums, 4c fi lb for pit
, ted and lV2@2V 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@6c
%< lb for prime to choice and 6y2C for fancy.
JoßuiNO Pbicks— Apples. 4®4y a c: Peaches. 3®
! and 5c for taury; peeled, in boxes, 10@12'Vic;
i Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c fi lb for 40@50's
( and 5c for 50@«0's; Apricots. 6@9y 2 c for prime to
- choice and lo@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
black, l* / i@2V2c: White Figs, 3@sc; Pears. 6^c
for evaporated halves and ?,6ibi/ c for Quarters:
Plums. 3y 8 c for pitted and Kjvli^c tor unpitted;
Nectarines. 4@sc {* ft, for prime to choice*
RAIBINB AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
' as follows, carload lot*, f. o. b. San Francisco:
I London layers, 85(£90c 1& box ; four-crown, loose,
1 3 3 /tC fi !b; three-crown, loose, 2*4 c; ■ two-crown,
2c: seedless Sultanas, 3s / 4@4c; seealess Muscatels,
2%@23,4c: three-crown London layers. 70c: clus
-1 ters, *1 35@1 50; Dehesa rlnsters, $2 10@2 25;
'■■ Imperial clusters, $2 bo@2 76; Dried Grapes, 2V'aC
\^ lb. ■
Jobbino Prices — Four-crown loose. 3c : 3
; crown, 2Vi@2V 2 c; 2-crown, 13/i@2c; set-dles-t Sul
; tanns, 33 (g,4c;S'e'll»'SsMuscateis, 2Vs<-': 3-crown
I»ndon layers, 85cfe*l; clusters, Si 40©l 60;
, Dehesa clusters, ?2 25; Imperial clusters, *2 75:
Dried rapes, 2i^c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc Ib; Walnuts. 7OBc
: * lb for No. 1 hard and &<a9y 3 for sofisheil, lob
| bin? lots; Almonds, t!&7\£c lor I.anguedoc and
; BV£@loe for paper-shell, jobbinz; Peanuts, s@Bc
i for eastern and 3yb@4-V<|C for California; Hickory
j Nuts, s@Bc; Pecans. 6c lor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, BCd,9c; Brazil Nuts, 7iA@Bc « tb
i Cocoanuts. *4 50@6 fi 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c tt> for
, bright and B@9c f, lb for lower grades; wat*r
| white extracted, 6@5VaC "$ tb; light amber ex
tracted, 4i4@484c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAS:-34@27c fi tb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED '■ ATS— Dull and weak. Bacon quot
able at 6c for heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c for
light, 10c for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured;
Kastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; California Hams,
,-i'a, lOr ; Mess Beef, 97 V bbl ; extra mess do, *8:
family do. $9(3,9 50: extra prime Fork. $8 ft bbl;
extra Clear. $14 $ bbl; mess, $13 % bbl: smoked
Beef, 9Va®loc $ lb.
LA Eastern, tierces. Is quotable at 6c
Ib for corupuuna and 7Vsc for pure; pails, 6c; Cali
lorn I a tierces, BVje for compound and 6c for pure
hulf-bbis, 6y 4 c: 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6tb, 7@7V*c » tb.
COTTOLKNE— 7*Ac in tierces and 8c i* lb in 10-
Ib tins. '- ■ ■■ - - ■-. ■• ;.v.^',; . ..
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND 6KINS— The market continues
unchanged. Heavy salted steers quotable at. 7c
V Ib: culls and brands, «c $} Ib; medium,' 0c; culls
and brands. Sc: light, Be; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o@sy 2 c; culls and branas, 4@4V2C; salted
Kid. 5c ~+ Ib; salted Calf, 8c f( Ib; salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc; cults and brands, 7@7%c;
dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6i/<j(g.7c; dry Calf]
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, 6c-
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c: medium. 16«4
25c: winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10<a
20cearh; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40
©50c each; long wool, 65c each.,. Culls of all kinds
about V 2 c leas. •....<
TALLOW— Xo. 1, rendered, 83^©4c; No. 2S@
3iAc; refined, 4 c; Grease, 2 c '0 Ib. V^*
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Kastern Ore
gon. 10@llc 9 1I>; Han Joaquin and Southern 3&
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4<S6c '* Ib
HHOKS-Quoted at 4@sc tti. Shipment of *>8 -
6UO lbs, valued at $1400, to London. ~~ '
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Slnce wheat began to rise business has
shown signs of reviving and a few sales have been
made. Calcutta drain Bags," June- delivery,
?412i/fs@4 26; Wool Bags, 24@26c. '
Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have been 10 arrivals from the north
ern collieries with 18.100 tons, from foreign ports
four arrivals with ' 7460 tons. The demand for
British Columbia Coats for house uses continues
brisk nt full prices, and but little goes into yard
delivery being taken from the wharf, and while
.the Inclement weatner lasts th« demand will not
abate. The consumption for steam is lighter than
usual, as most of our • large factories have been
closed down to enabl* them to make their annual
clean-up, but they will all shortly be in full blast
again. Oil Is making Itself felt a-, a stemn pro
ducer, as several of our larse consumers are using
It as an adjunct with Coal, i. t». in some depart
ments where Coal may be dlspened with. The ap
parent success of well-owners In Los Angeles is in
ducing prospectors to seek oil In many other coun
ties, but, so. long us crude oil is forced to be sold
here at about $ 1 per barrel delivered, there Is a
slim > margin for profit, the consumer no: the
producer is the benefited party. ; . . . _
- "The recent advance in wheat locally will have a
depressing influence on the future freight market
outward, this will be felt on inward Coat rates from
the Colonies and England, hence better prices, win
be declared. Already some of the former asking
limits have been advanced, and our large consum
ers will have to meet the advance, still if our farm
ers are benefited by high-priced .wheat it will more
than offset the increased cost of fuel." Wellington
- W. New /Wellington. 9s: : Southfleld Wellington,
»7 50; Seattle. $5@5 50; Bryant, $5 50.; Coos Bay,
$S: Wallaend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
»7 50: Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and »15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cannel. sß; Kock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Vattey, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 50 iB ton in sacks. •
■ CANNED SALMON - The Alaska | Packers'
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: m lots
of aa,ooo.cases. flsc ;, 50.000 cases, 92y 2 c; 75,000
cases, 90c f-. dozen, net cash *. o. b. ex-ship.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rennery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered'
and Fine Crushed; all 6»/ic; Dry Granulated, s"Vfec;
Confectioners' A, sc; Magnolia A, 4y 8 c; Extra
C,4s/»c; Golden.. 414 c; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes "Vac more. .
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
jpgal.; ?_;■; * * . ______!_ - f*~y: ;. .1
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions are very firm and the market is
in good shape. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows: ■■ v- v ,;.;
: BEEF— First 'quality, 6"V^@Bc; second quality.
41 (»6e; third do. 3V 3 if 4c <$ lb. - ' 1 "
• VKAL— Large, 6<S)t>c; small. 6@7c f» Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@6V^e; JSwes, 6c ft.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. ; yearlings, 7c 9 lb.
PORK— Live Hess. 3»4c ; for large and o%c for
small: dressed do, 4y 2 @si/4o *$ lb. . .
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
! , FOB 24 JIOUBS. .' *
Flour.qr. (>ks 300 Hides, n0.... i...^ 114
Wheat, ct15......... 3.8-10 Pelts, Ddls..» 4,342
Barley, ct15...... .. 6,29o; Wtne, gals.. 29,400
Oats. Or, ctls :. -I,Bso ßutter, ct15..;..... 36
Potatoes, sks. 1,746 Cheese, cils 26
Oregon.. 50jEggs, doz... 2,250
Onions, sks 371 Leather, rolls 40
Hay. tons. :-21 Quicksilver, ft* asm 764
Straw, t0n5........ ? 42 Lumber. M. feel... 40
*' ■■■ ¥:--■ - — : •—• — — — ~ " ■ .
TH£ STOCK MAEKET,
There was do change in prices worthy of note
yesterday. Several stocks were a couple of cents
better and others were 5 cents oil. There was not
much .business. Advices reported an improve
ment in the west crosscut on the 1750 level of the
Con. Cal. & Virginia. ,
NOTES.
The Overman, delinquent sale takes place to
morrow. ,
The annual meeting of the Belcher takes place
on Tuesday and that or' the Utah on Wednesday.
The weekly report, from the Con. Cal. &. Virginia
is as follows:
1600 level— Continued repairing and easing tim
bers in south drift on ninth floor (first floor above
sill floor of this level). East crosscut started at a
point 170 feet in from mouth of this south drift has
been extended 32 feet; total length 53 feet, in
quartz formation assaying 82 and $3 per ton.
No work has been clone on the sixth floor (eighth
floor above, sill floor).
1750 level— From the fifth, sixth and seventh
floors above sill floor of this level opened out
through upraise a are extracting some ore north
along west side of openlne, showing width of 3 and
6 feet, assaying $30 to $50 per ton.
From end of west, crosscut 3, which was ad
vanced 24 feet from a point 86 feet in from the
mouth of south drift, run from end of southeast
drift on sill floor of this level an upraise has been
started and carried up 20 feet, in quartz formation,
assaying $10 to $15 per ton.
From the tilth, sixth and seventh floors from up
raiso 2 and from north end of slope in old ground
of former workings, on floors 15 and 16, have
taken 61 tons of ore, average assay value of which,
per samples taken from cars in mine, was $43 14
per ton. Total extraction of ore from the mine for
the week amounted to 61 tons, average assay value
of which, per samples from cars when raised to
the surface, was $46 25.
Upraise started at 207-foot point In northwest
drift from the main west drift from the C. and C.
shaft on sill floor of this level has been carried up
15 feet in porphyry and quartz assaying $ 7 to 15
per ton. Total height, 45 feet. ■■-.?.;
1600 level— Are easing timbers and making
necessary repairs along upraise which connects
1600 level with south drift from Con. Virginia
Shalt on this level.
1000 level— North drift from Con. Virginia «baft
station on this level Las been advanced 40 feet,
passing through porphyry and clay of a softer for
mation than that of preceding week: Total length
of drift, -418 feet. - . -
Following Are the Highest Prices During
the Fast Week. *
Stock. •" Mon. [Tue3.i\Vt*l.|Thrs.| J?ri. | Sat.
Alpha '-'II 22 20 23) 22 21
A1ia..........—. 06! ■ 08 08 10 0* 08
Andes -.... 19 1» 19 22/25 23
Belcher 2«i '25 25 30 "30 30
Best & Belcher.. 86! 87 84 89 94 93
Bodie 40 40 38 41 41 ......
Bullion 17 16 17 18 18 18
8u1wer........... 13 13 17 19 10......
Caledonia 1...... 09. 10 «8
Challenge ...... 36 35 34 33 36 37
Choliar ■. 62 62 s!< 63 ,63 63
Con. Cal. <fc Va.. 2.45 2.45 2.40 2.E0 2.65 2.55
! Confidence 1.05 1.10 1.00 1.05 1.05 ' 1.06
Crown Point. ... 2U 20 20 25 24 22
Gould &. Curry. 64 S3. 631 66 66 54
Hale & Norcross 1.20 1.26 1.26 I.SO 1.35 1.35"
Mexican 59 60 60 64 69 67
Mono. ot> ()t> 05 06 06 ..
Ophir 1.40 1.40 1.36 1.45 1.60 1.55
Overman 18-, 18 17 19 19 IS
Occidental 87 88! 91 .96 91 96
Potosi 55 64 65 67 67 55
Savage. 1 8 29 36 38 37 35
ties- Belcher.... 08 09 09 09 OS 08
Sierra Nevada.. 43 4S 43 46 64 64
Union 35 86 36 41 44 44 '
Utah 06...... 07 07 08 08
Yellow Jacket.. 46! 46 46 47 48 49
BOAKIJ S.VLKS.
Following were the sales in the Una Francisco
Stocs Board yesterday :
RTCOUI AR UOR.VTNT't HK-S<!TrtN- COM WUVCt V<» 9 : 30.
200 Belcher... Justice.. ..o3loo Potosi .....55
160 B & 8... 93 200 Mexican.. 67100 Savage.... 3s
200 Ch011ar.... 63-100 66700 S Nev 54
450CC&V...2.66 1000ccfd11....91 100 62
300 Con V. 400 Ophir... 1.55 100 Union .44
200 Crown Pi.2'.',6oU 0vrmn....17 300 Utah 08
100 U <fc 0 541100 Potosi 541300 V Jackt..4B
Following were the Bates in the Pacific Stock
Beard yesterday :
KKOirr<*Tl «iMqmx- 10m.
400 A1pha... ..21 400 C P01nt....22|300 Ophlrl.s7V»
300 Alta .08 tJOOfcxchqr ...07 200 1.65
300 Ande5......23 600 0& C 55600 1.52J/,
600 8e1cher....29 200 64200 Potosi .....64
600 8A8. ......93 400 ..63 400 ... 63
700 ....... ....92 300 52 400 Savage.. ..36
300 Bodle 40400 H«tN... 1.30500 . 35
700 8u11i0n....18300 1.3^700 ....... ....!34
200 Bulwer.... 16 500 Julia 02 1200 Scorplono2
600 Caleda 09:400 Justice. ".MS 800 sIS&M .09
400 Challiie.^.36'6oo Kentuck.,o7 200 SNev.. 64
600 Cn0nar.. .. 6215001. Wa5h....01 300 . . 53
600 61|300 Mexican..66 900 51
100 60400 651300 .'...".'..'..; .52
200CC«fcV2.57% 600. ........ 641000 SHUI.. .02
400 2.55:600 Mono.-. ..00 400 Union C...44
200 2.52 800 Occid 92 800 .. 43
800 2.50400 93600 42
200 2.47^e00 ............94 300 Utah. .....08
250C0nt1.1.02^a700 05 1200 V Jacicet49
2000 Con 1m..02 400 ..961800 ......... .48
600 C V 06 600 0vrmn.. ..171.300 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan.'2s-12 m. *
BM.A*ke&.\ ■ , £ld.Atktd.
Alpha Con 21 22 Jackson. 40 —
Alia ;....;. 08 09 Julia •„ — 02
Andes 22 23Justlc». ........ 02 04
Belcher 28 3O.KentucK. 06 07
Best <fc Belcher. 92 93 Lady Wash.... — 01
BantonCon.... — 40.Mextcau. ...... 65 66
Bodte. 39 41Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion .«..„ 17 18 Mono — 08
Bulwer « — 17 Nevada — 05
Caledonia .08 09 Occidental 93 94
Challenge Con. " 36 37 0phir.......... t.60 1.55
Clioiiar ...... #i :62 63 Overman 18 19
Con. Cal. & Va.2.fio 2.55: Potosi m 62 64
Con. lmpenat. 01 ; 03jbava«e ...... 34 85
Confidence ..„ 1.00 I.os;Sejr. Beicner... 08 10
Con.New Yonc. " — 06] Sierra Nevada. 50 63
Crown Point;..' 21 '■ 23 5c0rpi0n....... 03 - —
KastSierra — O*jBllv«rHlli — 02
Exchequer..... 06 081 Silver King.... 20 —
Eureka C0n.... 25 •■•■" —Syndicate .02 —
Gould <t Curry. 62 64 Union C0n'..... 42 43
Moron. 1.30 1.35 Utah..... 07 08
10w»...... ..... 02 {Yellow Jacket. 47 48
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Jan. 25-10:30 a. X...
• • V: • CNITKD STATES BONUS. :
, £Id. Asked.] Bid: At/ted,
D 8 is c0up. .107 — |U B4s reK...lo7y a : —
Misri.i.l.ASKnrs BONDS.
Cal-*tCbless. '— . 110 iDo. 2d las 8«. — -'■'— '-&
CalEleoli6s.lo6 — P&ORy6s. — 108
CntraCW6s. — 100 PACh 65.1021/4105W,
Dpnt-stex-op 77 -85 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116 M,
EdenJUtP 68.106 < — R«no,WUL — 105
F&CIIRR6S.IOS 106% RlverW Co6s — 100
Gear7-Btßss.H'2VilOs SactoP <t L..100 102' A
l«sAnitl.6a. — - 101 ,'SF&N-PRRSt 993.i1001/t
Do,Unted.6s. — 101V4 bPRKAriz6s — 85
ilkt-stCble6sl22 . — BPRRCaI6s..IIO —
Doß.vCons».:loB 108V2l^PKKCal6s.. — 9714,
NevCNgßßs. — 100 SPBrRCaIS*. 9U »7V,
N PCRR6s.IOBMi - SVWaterOs.. 120%121
NRy Cal6«.looV!i — |6>V\Vater4s._ ,fi9i| fI9»A
N Ity Cal 6s. — . 103 |9tktiKi<feKtf» — 103
Oak Gas 6». .102 105 !.SunstT&T6s.lOO —
Do, 2d is* 65.102 105Va Butter-stßss. — 110»,i
Omnibuses.. — 120 VUaiiaWUOa — > 93 *
PacßollAl6s.. — ; — •
WATER STOCKS. ,
Contra Costa 41 Vi 46Vi|San Josh 751,4 «a
MarinCo .... 49 — i Spring Valley 06% 97
■ ; GAS STOCKS.
Capital — '89 ' Pacific Light. 4614 —
Central v..... 95- — San Francsco 7 ISA 721 A
Oak (i LA ' ill 61 - '6 114 Stockton..... — * 311^
PocOaslnip. — ; 79 Vi , ,::?>'■■
'■'■y , j •• -",-. IJJSUB A NCR STOCKS.
FlremansFd.l67 170 |fiun .......... 68y a —
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. /
Amerß&TC — ' — |LondonP*A.l2B - —
Anglo-Cal ... 68V4 •■ |London&HF. _ 30
Bank of Ca1.. 230 232 ' iMerch Ex.... la - _
CaISD&TCo.. 58 82 V Nevada... .. — _
tirstNatlonl. 177^179 [feather Co- — —
Urancera.... .■•,—' . — I.
. ' ; ' SAVINGS bank STOCJt«U " - '
GerS*;l,Co.)4lo — !Sav<feLoan.. — 1021 A
Humbß<feL.looo — Security 240 270
Mutual 36 - 41% Union Trust. — 820
Bi - iiavUnlon4Bo , \ 492 Va! . , .
" STRRKT BAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 3 — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Oewy-5t..... 60. 70 ; |l-i*«1cu0...... 5 —
Uarket-5t.... 44 — , iSutter-st ..■,:—* " — *.■;
POWDKB stocks. >'i ;•■'.':
Atlantic D... 15 — ; lJudson ..;... —-" — 'f'Si
California.... — 93 iVlgont.. — 1
G10at..........— 19 I ; ■ , i ■
. : - MISCEILANFOtrs STOCK*. - ,
Alaska Piers. 87 100 OceanlcSSCo 17Vi 321
BlkDCoalCo. — / 10 PacAnxFA.'. 1 — -
CalCotMills.. — , — Pac Borax... 98-100
CalDrvDock. — ' — ; Pacl&NCa — -30
Edison Light. ',- — 97% Pac Roll Mill 22 —-;
Gascon Assn.' — — jPtrfPaintCo. 6 --'-'IVa
Gei Lead Co. 86 — iPacTransCo. — 25
HawC&SCo^ BVs 8 3 PacT& HI 70
HutchSPCo.. "13% 13% SunaetT&T.. 41 —
JndsonlltgC. — ■.. — . United C Co.. — 25
MerExAssnlOO 110 ! * '■
: A MOBSISS 11CS3IOS. • v
Board— lo S V Water. 9634. . ' ♦
v Street— ssooo Market-st railway Con 5% Bonds, '
108: $5000 S V 4% Bonds, 99%.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Beecher, Cal W ¥ Peterson, Sacto
J L Walpole, Or T Weir, Wa^b
E C Creller, Grass Val Mrs P A Kolp, Stockton
D Lake. Cal S Cassidy, Petaluma
N A Wilson, Vallejo J Cassidy- Los Angeles
A H TchnHble.Newoastle J Gallagi er. Fresno
r Mather. Santa Rosa ¥ P Carson & \v, N V
X Gara, Stockton J M (.Weaves. Redding
A M Seymou*. .Sucto G H Wells, 111
J B J»olk, PiactrviUe ¥ H Orme &. f, Ariz
¥ M Blake, Xapa C W Stewart, Los Ang
M Jones, Vallejo Mrs G C Ripley, 111
L G James, Vallejo A Bomers, Fresno
Miss Hynes, Mass A Yell, Hamord
X T Harris & f, N V J W Greonla-.v, Sacto
KKWrenn. Or ¥ H George, Alaska
E Cardin, Wash W H Smiih, 111
J Lamont, Or J 11 Lively, Or
T J Wilson, Redlaads B MocJUey &w, SausalHo
¥ P Lungl v, Shasta J 15 Sinfth <Si \v, Ukiah
Mrs X BTobey, Portland H W Walker, Willows
Mrs W B Duenkel, Wash A Anderson, Sulsuu
Thos Langford, Kureka i' P Weunurun &w, Be-
M Martin, San Die^o nicia
C H Friendly, Portland Miss M E Walsh, Benicia
A M Dunn, Sacramento D X Hpence, (Stanford
A Neilson <fc \v, Sacto R C Kowler, Phcenix
W 8 Turning. Martinez G P Bevintl. Phuenlx
W S Weynaouth, Sac to II U Hull, Monterey
O Jackson, Fresno W L. Lane, Los Ang«les
J Townsend, Great Falls S E Perlberg, Chicago
Miss Sargent, Stockton F J Teggart, Stanford
R A Laug, Wiilows J B Tread well, BactO
Karl Simon, Stock on W C Funs'.ou, (uicago
B M Newcorub. Chicago M Menasses, Stockton
LICK HOUSE.
H D Hudson <fe w, Cal J A Powers. Stockton
D Waterman, Alarueda F J Slmm.i, Loh Ang
J F O'Shea, rortland F S Foster, H H
Miss M Kerigan, N H F W Wi.liams, Sonora
S H Carri?er <fe w, Snora N j BiiUiwin & w i al
M Goldman, Merced J J Devlin, San Diego
M L Driver &w, X Jose J P JJannabaum <fe w. Or
E A Handly <te w, Frano P B Nownao <fe w, Cal
A R Chapman, Loj Ang Miss Chapman. Los Ang
Miss Ida Chapman, L A F J James, Merced
J P Rockland, San Jose X A Jenkins <fe w, Cal
Jas Kane, N V O A Prior. Ohio
Mrs P C Prior, Ohio S A Dore, Modesto
G W Young & w, Mdesto O J Wallace, Millbrae
H F Richardson, Ogden D Smith ifc sn, Elmira
J PMoorehou.se, (nl C M Fitzgerald & v. i>r
C E Vole, Red Lodge Miss Ida James, Mill Val
Ch:is Wood, San Jose W A .Snow, Salinas
P C Morion. Monterey O Moran <fe w, Portland
T Mruuinnlan, Cal II McPherson, Llvornir
E P Smith, Livermore A Williams, Los Ang
Mlis P Williams, L Ang Miss A Williams, L Ang
Miss P C Walker, Los A Miss J Walker, Los Ang
0 M Moody, Chicago J A Fowler <fe w, Mercea
A Lucas, Newman J C McKee, Lake CO
J DGritlith, Napm Mrs W J Ilowlßiid, Nspa
C F Hall, *anta Cruz J H Summers, llanford
Miss Summers, Uanford C W Ilussey, San Jose
G Meyer & \v, Marysvile J \V Zinker, Mout i
Mrs C P Simmons, Mont T B Carr, Sacto
T II Gray, Sacto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
D M Bnchner, Portland J 8 Mattoon, Cal
F Co:b, Stockton J Colin, Mar;, sville
R Ironside, Mass 8 Gordon, Mass
M Sommer, s-au Mateo G W Scott, N V
M Schwab, Marysville J Welzinki, Visalia
C Reddy, Vallejo T E Valentine, Stockton
M P Stein, Stockton D Webster, ! alo Alto
.Mrs Anderson, Yi^alia S Tiiomiis. Watsonville
R P Slaughter, Cal W Kendall, Big Creek i
S Wetherly, Stockton \V McMurray, Snta Cruz
R Craig, Santa Cruz P Dtlbols, Santa Cruz
D II Deau, Marysville W Wilsou, Red Bluff
J P Pugh, Rocklin J Platt, Conn
J Hanson, Los Angeles . |T Culley, Portland
F Cannon, Salt Lake G Weyler, N V
8 Scovel. Pitts J D Brewer, S Carolina
W W Decker, Cheyenne
PALACE HOTEL. ,
W B Peck, X "V D Opponheimer, N V
C E Davis, U S Army R D Robbins Jr, Suisun
H Marks <fe w. Chicago F McLmmhlin. Oroville
J M Gait, Stanford H Blackman, Portland
1 Blumauer, Portliird W (S Lo::g, Victoria
D T Truman, Wlnncmca S Oucgenheim, NY
Mrs P J Wnlham, Denver Mrs RF Wltfey, Denver
J R Pease, London R A Minium. London
X Hirsohtleld, Conn H R Kamin * w, Colo
F H Kowe. The Dalles J T Doherty, N V
J D Roche, NY A F Wainwrignt, Blgm
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
John Fincer. San Jose W H McKennan, Bollnas
J C Adams, Covington J Byrne, G Falls. Mont
N H Sittong <fcwf, Ariz C Herman, Oakland
O J Halbe, Chicago G Wishing <$: wf, Chicago
F W Stevens & wf, Ban J A E S Mason, Boston
J E Kellogg, Huntington X Talbott, Columbus
The cam, calendar.
Januabt, 1896.
M.
W.
I Sa.
Moon's Phases.
(7*\ Last Quart
jVSi£ January
\£h Now Moon.
January 14
17
! /-"jjFlrst Qua
i *+4/ January
22
j 23 i
! 30
Full Moon. !
January 30.
OCEAN STEAMEBS.
Dates of Departure Irom San Francisco.
STRAMKR. | I>KSTINATION |
SAILS.
! PIER.
ruinous i
Corona
Arag0....... j
Truckee i
H0mer..,,..
Eureka
A Blanch am
Coptic
San Bias.... |
Columbia... '
Santa Rosa.. I
Umatilla/... j
Bt Paul j
State of Cai ]
PointjLoma. '
j Humboldt Bay Jan 26. 2rM
San Diego Jan26,llAM
Coos uav Jan26.loAM'
Tillamook..... Jan 27. 6pm
Coos 8ay...... Jan 27. 6pm ,
Newnort Jan 28. 9am
Portland Jan 28. 9am
'China & Japan Jan 28. 3pm'
Panama.. Jan 28,12 Mi
P0rt1and....... Jan 29.10 am
I San Diego . Jan 30.11 am !
Vie & Pgt Snd Jan 30, 9am ;
NewDort ...... Feb 1, tun
P0rt1and....... Feb 3.10 am
Grays Harbor. ! Feb 3.;..... |
P:er9
; Pier 11
Plena
Pier 2 •
; Oceanio
I Pier 11
! Pier 13
PMSS
:PM S S
| Pier 24
i Pier 11
j Pier 9
I Pier 11
j Pier 24
j
STKAAIERS TO ARRIVE.
STKAMIR
Washtenaw ....
Columbia.
Eureka..
Umatilla
North F0nt.....
Peter Jensen....
Costa Rica
Santa Rosa.
Rio de Janeiro..
San Benito ..
Pomona.
8tPaui. .........
Btateof Cat .
City of Pueoia..
Point JU>ma.
Corona..
San Juan........
Del N0rte.......
Crescent City.
Panama
| Portland ....;. ......;..;
Newport
Victoria «fc Putret Sound
Humboldt 8ay....;.....
Nanaimo....: ...;
Departure Bay
**an Diego...
China and Japan.. .. ...
lacoma ;..;.........
Humboldt Bay
Newport.
Portland
Victoria & I'uicet Sound
Urays Harbor ...
San Dieg0. ........ .......
Panama
Urays Harbor
Crescent City-:.....
...inn jo
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jail 27
...lan 28
..Jan 29
..Jan 29
..Jan 20
..Jan 30
. Jan 31
..Jan 81
..Jan 31
..Feb 1
..Feb 2
..Feb 2
..Feb 3
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
'A'
Large. {Small.
7.34 a 10.5 Hp
8.27 a 11.35P
. Large. Small
? 3.18p! 1.05.
M 4.02F 2.14.
ail
-
IAI
Rises
. 7.19
! 7 18
i' Sots
4.8
5.1
i.\
HIDROOBAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch HvnHOGBAPHro Offick., V. S. N. "»
MKRCHANTS' EICHAXfIR. V
Rax Pran-cisco, January 25. 189«. J
The time ball on Telegrapn Hiil was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtki,kr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING IM'KUi(.i..SCI2.
Arrived.
SATURDAY, January 25.
Btmr Pomona, Doran. 19 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdso. to Goodall, Perkins it Co.
Stmr Alice Blaneliard, Dunham, 74 hours from
Portland, via Coos Bay; pass and mdae, to North
Pacific Steamship Co.
Stmr . Whltesboro, . Johnson, 25 : hours from
Point Arena: stave bolls, railroad vies, etc., to
liE White Lumber Co. -.
Baric Mohican. Johnson, 15 days from Hono
lulu; sugar, etc, to Welch & Co.
Bchr Daisy Row*, Olsen, 13 days from Coos Bay •
M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.- - . '
Schr Corinthian, Zadriart, 12 days from Coos Bay;
40 Mit lumber, to KB Deane & Co. Oakland
direct. •'■' ■ "■ -' ■■ ■-■■ -":' ' .. .
Schr Twilight, Topfer, 12 days fm Grays Harbor;
210 M ft lumber, to San Francisco Lumber Co.
Schr Fanny liuturd. • Peterson. 11 days from
Grays Harbor: 330 M ft lumber, to San Francisco
Lumber Co. •■ ■ .■■■:■ ,>
Scbr Peerless, Johnson, 21 days from Port Had
lock: lumber and laths, to \V 3 Adams. .-■ ■ :
tschr Antelope, Anderson, 21 days from Coquille
River; lumber, to Preston <$:McKlnnon. •-
Scur Reliance, i Jensen, 9 days from - Albion
lumber, to ■■ Albion Lumber • Co. ■ Redwood : City
direct. - ■■■"■■■: ■•■'•v.-'.'-o-.. .--■; ": .•' ••■ . : - ■
Schr Volant, Krrat, 13 days from Grays Har
bor; lumber, to Union Lumber Co. . -
:'; Cleared. ..,"
' SATURDAY. January 25. .
Stmr Willamette Valley,' Yon Helms, l Guayinas •
Ooodall. Perkins & Co. ; . - T"
* Sirnr Corona, . Hall, San Diego ; Gootlall, Perkins
<fe CO. ?-■■-■• ■■.■■ 'A- ■■';:■■■ .'-.'. - . '
Schr Golden Shore, Henderson, Melbourne: JJ
Smith. 1 -,: .-; ;. . .. ; , ; , ■ . .
Sailed.
SATURDAY. January 26.
-' Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Stmr Willamette Valley, Yon Helms, Gnaymas.
' Stmr i Walla • Walla, ; Gage, Victoria and Port
Town send. • : .■'■-■- ■• - - ■ , . - ay...
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Schr Gotama. .Brissem, Coos Bay.
Teiegraphio.
POINT LOBOB— Jannar^- 25-10 pm- Weather
cloudy, wind S; velocity 24 miles.
Cliar'ers.
The bktn Omega loads nirise for Hilo: schr Mb
nel, suitar at Honolulu for th's port; ship Yosern-
He. coal at Departure Bay for tljis port : schr F S
Keafleld, lumber at Port Blakeley for Hilo.
Spoken.
Jan9— Lat 8 X. long 3S W, ship TiUle E Star
buck, from .New Voric, for Oregon.
l>omestic Ports.
LOMPOC— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Franotoco,
BAN DON— Arrived Jan 25— Schr Joseph ana
Henry, in-net* Jan »1.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived Jan 25-Stmr
Alcazar, from (ireeir.vood.
NKW WHATCOM -Arrived Jan 25-Schr R W
Bartlf-tt, from San Pedro,
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr San Benito,
hence Jan 21.
TATOOBH— Patsed Jan 25-Stmr City of Ever
ett, lience Jan 21, for Nanairuo.
FORT BKAGO- Sailed Jan 25-Stmr Noyo, for
San Krar.cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 23— Schr John A, hence
Jan 2--: schr Jennie Tlielin, hence Jan J3: schrs
tlvenia and Coufianza, hence Jun 22.
Sailed Jan 25— Seiir Bertie Minor, for Honolulu;
stmr South Coast, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Jan 25— Br ship Duntrune,
from London; schr Hueneme, from Redondo. i
importations.
HONOLULU— Per Mohican— 2 bags coffee, 20,
--290 hags sugar.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— l 2 bis plates, 9 rolls 1
cs leather, 2 sks potatoes, 1 sk vegetables. 1 cs 2
bbls mineral water, 29 M ft lumber, 2 cs eggs, 11
pkers express, 8 pkgs nidse, 197 bxs apples, 1 sk
| coin, 22 bxs butter.
Fields Landinc-3 bxs fish, y z keg 58V, bxs but
ter. 8 cs eggs, 952 sks potatoes, 2-"J bxs apples, 2
pkes tndse.
POINT ARENA- Per Whitesboro-5 cs eggs. 34
I tecs butter, Scsiype, — eds slave bolts and rail
road ties.
ASTORIA — Per Alice Blanchard— 1697 bdls
snooks, % bbl wine, 15 sks bones, 48 bdls hides
and pelts.
Coos Bay— lß bxs apples, 44 eds matchwood",
30.250 ft lumber.
Portland-8 bdls hides, 225 sks flax, 1 lot scrap
iron, iisßs sks oats, 641 sks potatoes, 400 bdls
Rhirjgles. 350 sks wheat. 2 pkscs mdse, 12 bx.s type
writers. 15 crtsaxle icreaso, 12 cs 0:1, 8 bbls vine-
Bar, 498 cs canned goods, 1 bx groceries.
Consignees.
Per Mohican— Williams. Dimond &Co; Welch &
Co.
Per Pomona— H Heckman & Co; Dalton Bros-
Pacific Coast Fish Co; C E Whitney <fc Co: A Syl
vester Brii?harri, Hoppe <fe Co: Dairymen's Union-
E R Stevens <fe Co: F B Haisht : Getz Bros <fc Co ;
McDonough <fc Runyon; Marshall, Teggart <fc Co; J
M Moore; McPherson <fc Rucker; ffiiis Bros: C M
Alexanaer: GBerti<feCo; Norton. Teller & Co; J
I Brenaer; JlKaiish&Co; Amer PressAssn; Thos
J.aure; A C Nichols & Co: Dodge, Sweeney <t Co-
Eveleth <t Nash; Ross <S Hewlett; Standard Oil Co;
O B Smith & Co; W F Mitchell ; Witzel <fc Baker;
Wells, Fargo & Co; Wbeaton, Breon<fe Co: Horn
boldt Mineral Water Co: Edison Light and Power
Co: J M .Moore: New York Belline andP Co; H R
Hogedonn: United States Brewery.
Per Whitesboxo— Wilson & Raechtel; O B Smith
<fc Co; Martin, Feusier & Co; Norton, Teller & Co:
Ross i& Hewlett; Amer Press As3n; Rohlffs 4Ger
dau.
I'er Alice Blanch ard— Clntsop Mill Co: California
Wine Assn: C Carpy & Co; Wellman, Peck & Co:
N Ohlandt <fe Co: W B Sumner <fc Co: Chaix <t Ber
nai-d; CCPennell* Co; Preston <fc McKinnon; A
Carl ; Jjong Syrup Co: Allen <fc Lewis; H Dutard;
Gpo Morrow & Co; Moore, Ferguson & Co; Coburn,
Tcvis & Co; D E Allison <fe Co: Berges <fc Domini
coni; Rosenberg Bros; G G Wlckson & Co; MW
l'eck: Pacific Rolling Mills: Thos Taylor <fc Co-
Ro«ger& Storp; Edwin & Gray; Thos Watson;
Noru>n Tunning Co: Hecht Bros.
Fcr Late Shipping Tntelligenre See Twelfth Page.
£i§^ OFFICE FURNITURE §
g^ga AND FIXTURES.
Hpjpji gC. F. WEBER & CO.,
* 300 to 306 Post St, cor. Stockton
I i^^gggiSjSlit OFFICE and ■">'
SsHf J^ typewriter, 33
il^afeaeajQ W. C lt.v llKi, JS
".* ij^XLaj 157 New Montgomery T^7
' Two in One. Street, S. F. ' fit
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS.
piano coast steamship compmi
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 63. 00
Becond. Olaao-^S-OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
aOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
' ' - 1 ' ' General Agent*.
O. H.. dS3 3NT.
TO—
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
• Columbia sails '. January 29
Slate of California sails February 3
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. COKNOR. General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM. JSrSk-
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as 4ttK
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Jnneau. Kll-
llsnoo and Sitlc» (Alaska), at 9 a. it, Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
lend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea and New
Whatcom (Bellingbam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 18, 20, - 25. SO, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting • at Vancouver with
the C. ?. R. R., at Tacoma with K. P. B. X.,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers. . ■ •. »'
For Eureka, Arcataand Fields Landing (Ham-
fcoldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2r. m., Jan. 2, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Qaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
4, & 12,' 16, 20, 34, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter. — ■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, ■ Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 80, and over?
fourth day thereafter. :
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guaymaa (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 26th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Gent Agent*.
. ■ 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
OCEMIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY. ,
-*3!SSESQ&5 k _ ■ ■ Coolgardie gold. field*
_^»S^' TO^fc (Freemantle), Austra-
u « » fIPV. (_■ 118 : ? 220 first class,
JfS*& n^Mnl I \\}i* $110 steerage. Lowest
l£3a \Zjj j^^^eiw' rates to Capetown,
¥$L I ")^^r* \Bk ' Australian steamer,
pj/ O n ..rtJfsi Honolulu and ■ Auck- •
Vr^A I&itrxtlWsi landl ' Thursday, i-eb.
W^r^t^^^L. /£B Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, ssa-ur-
day, rebiuary J5, atll)
Ppkciai. Parties.— Reduced special rates for
parries 6 and 16, its ■*■'<. . .. • >
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight, office, 32 1 Market street.'
J. D. SPREOKELS * BEOS., General Agents-
COfIPAGSJEGEIfERALgTRAJSATLAISTIQUE
French Line to Havre. '
pOMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH jua '
\J River, foot of Morton it. Travelers by -AXAfm
this line avoid both transit by English railway ailid
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small,
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second class, $116. ':
LA BKKTAGNE, Capt. Rupe.........:...;.....
January 11 ....—
LA GASCOGXE. Capt. Baudelon.... ;.
January 18, ..........
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Polrot,
..%....... January 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeut ....
.....'.■..„.... ....February 1 ....... '
' Kg" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
T r. „„„ . No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ■
STOCKTON STEASIEES
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. SI-. Daily, Except Sunday. -j7
£5" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. ■■ ■
STEAMER : - : .> .-,'•.■
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peter*, .
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 806. Oil Nay. and Impt. Co.
YALLEJO m MARE ISLAND.
STK. MONTICEI.I.O,
Pally, except Sunday— 10 a. jt, 49. m.
Sunday— p. v. ~
X«adlnxj Mission 1. Pis,* flu •
_ OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
white use.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
V BETWEEN..
New York, Queenstowri & Liverpool,
'■ r \ SAILING EVERY WEEK.
CABUBT, $60 AND UPWAKD. ACCORD- js-^sk
\J iriK to steamer anl acr^mniodations KisSS
selected: second cabin, $35 and S4O: 'ilaje.si.ic and
Teutonic, Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway • and Dt-nmnrk
through to Baa Francisco, at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates, and cabin plans may ; be procured
from W. H. A VERY,- Pacific Mull Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hot*'!. c;. W. FLETCHER.
- • ' ■ . General Agent ior Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET CO3IPASY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL AM.
fortnightly for the West Indies and <"3SB
Southampton, calling en route at " ' C«rboursn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, f 195: third
•iMS, 97 50. . For further particulars apply to
. ' ABBOTT & CO., Agents,
' 808 California »t-
-"" * - _ RATLROAP -_ TR Ei ' ;
fSOUTHKBX PACIFIC COnPaKT.
'. '".''.- ~.L (PACIFIC kvstem.)
Train* leave and are <in« to arrive at
.SAX I'ItANCISfO.
lbavk ■ -■- From November 20. 1595. — arriv»
6:30 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations.. 10:154
i, 7;OOa Atlantic liipress, Ogdeu and r.a^t. . B:4Sy
* 7:OOa Benicla, Vacavilie, Bumsey. Sacra-
;' '• ' ' mento, and Redding via DaTia.... 7tl3y
* 7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
. . ' -■ ■ -toga and Santa Rota 6:15*
S:«COa Nils, Ban Jose, BtooktOQ, lone. - ■■
. Sacramento, Marjaville, Bed Bluff
-■- .. and Sundays exeeptedOro?ille.... 4ilSp
. »8:SOa Peters and Milton *?:15p
■ S:Ot).v San Leandro, Hay wards* Way St'ns 11:43 a
' 9:00 a Los Angeles Express, Ilaymond,
•■ , ':• (for Yoscmlte), Bauta Barbara
■ and Los AngeUs 4:45r
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:43 a
1(I:U0a San Lcacdro, ILiywsirds and Xiles . 1:43p
12:00 m San Leandro. Haywarda & Way St'ns 2:4-5*
1 :00p Niles, San .T 030 and Litcrmore 8:43 a
•l:O0i" Sacramento River Steamers *0:OOp
tl:'.iOp Port Costa and Way Stations f?:43F
3:OOp 3.111 Leandro, Haywardat Way Sfns 3:43p
4 :OOp San Leandro, Haywards & Way .St'ns C :43p
4:OUp Martinez, Ban Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Caltetoga. £1 Verano and
■ "• Santa 805a...f. »<lSa
€»••» Benieia, Eaparto. Woodland, ."•
v Knights Landing, Marysville,
Orofillo and Sacramento 1 ©i43a
' 4:2»p Kiles, San Jose, LlTcrmore and
Stockton 7:15*
8 :0«p Sin Leandrc, Hajrwards Way Sfns 8:43»
8:301- New Orleans Express, Fresno. Bakers-
livid, Santa liarbara, l^s Angeles,
Demitig, El Paso, Now Orleans and
East 19:43 a
S:B9p Bantu Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave aud East - 10:43 a
«:oOp European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 0:43 a
6:00p Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7:15*
J7:OO Vallejo t?<4op
. 7iOOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, IVlarjs-. • r
villa, Uedding, Portland, PtieeC
Sound ami East.. 10:43 a
7:00p San Leandro, Haywards& Way St'ns 1 0:3 Op
9:OOp SanXeandro,Haywards& Way Sfns ft!2:««A
If 16i«0p "Sunset liißlted," Fresno, Los ■ -
'-.v.-.. . Angeles, El Paso, New Orle&os -■>:■-■-
-andEaat 11^143*
ftlltlsrSanLeandro.Hayward3& Way 8f n» ?i!sa
SANTA CltrZ DIVISION (Xarro^ Gange).
B:l3ANewavlr,Oeiiter»lllo,Saii.lo»e.FeltOD, ' ~~~~"
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way : -*-' ".
Stations StSOi
•8:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations MI a
4:13p Newark, San Juso and Los 0at05. . . . 9:30 a
f 11:45p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose aDd
•.Vay Stations t7:2op
COAST DIVISION (Third A Townseml Xt».)
6:45 a San Joss and Way Hlations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) :. l:4Sp
•«13a San Jose, Tres Fluos, .Santa Cruz. 4 ■•-»;'•
Paciiio «3rove, Paso Rubier. fjau
Luis 01>isvn>, Goadalupe and I'rin-
t cipal Way Stations ' 7:03 p
10:49 a Sail Jose and Way Stations 5:OOp
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:110)
*2:30p San Jose, Gilroy, Tre3 Finos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grore *IO:4Oa
•3:nop San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:47*
*4:30p San Jose and Way Stations •S:O0a
5:30p San .lose and Way Stations # S:4Sa
6:UOp San Joso and Way Stations «i:::s\
•»Il:-13i- San Jobo mid SraHoriß ; i~:4r,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIM mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:1« 9:00 lIKWa.m. tl:00 *2:00 13-01
•4:00 ' tB:OO *6:00 p.m. ■
From OIKLAHD— Foot of Broadway *C:00 g-00
10:00 A.M. tl2:00 »l:00 {2^lo *3:00 ti:00
*s:Qop.m.
A for Morning. P or Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
' ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. -
TTnagdays and Saturdays i Sundays and Thurida pa,
FRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a. *.-. 12:35
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. it
' San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a. *.-
-1 2:45, 3 :40, 6:10 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. v. ,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park; sam« '
schedule as above. . .:
Leave ,•_„-__» Arrive
San Francisco. oc t 2& . San Francisco - '
Wbkkl Sun- t,.. 1^:,-,. Spn- I Win
Days, | pays. Destination. - BAYa | Dayb^
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am j 8:50 ak
3:30 pic 9:30 am Petaluma,' 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 6:00 Pit Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:16 pk
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor,' 10:30 ak
Healdsborfi ■
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 nt 6:15 pm
Pieta, ; j rrr '
Hopland A
7:4oam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:30 pm I 6:15 pk
7:40 am ~~ 10:30 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:30 m
3:30 pm 6:15 px
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma ■ 10:40 am 8:50 am
5:10 pm 5:00 fm and 6:05 pm 6:15 rM
■  j Glen Ellen.
7:40 am 8:00 AMI B#h toiia , 110:40 AM ,10:30 am
3:30 16:00 pm| BebastopoL | a . O6 FM [ g;l6 ru
Stages connect at San Bafael for Beltnas.
. Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Sprints,
K»lseyville, Lalceport.
Stages connect at Ulclah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green*
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Era??, Usal, Westport,
Call to, WllletU, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Li vely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. • ..---.-.-•-•-
-: On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Bafael at half rates.
< Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, :; R. X. BY AN,
: , , Gen. Manager. ... Gen. Pass. Agent. _
Atlantic
Pacific .
KAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive <U^piraJ?s
at Market-Street Ferry. ' d^SSrS^^r&S
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P.: Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m., carrying I Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City witHout change^ Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis. ' ••••.,. - .. ,. •.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harveys* management. Connecting trains
leave, .San Francisco at 9 a. m. and S:3O p. m. daily.
■ The best railway, from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no 'dust: .Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room, or dining-
cars. - , . . ' • r . . . •
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
• • '' * ' ■•*■■'• '' Chronicle Building.
r : SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito'Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
- . :;.■ WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Vnlley and San Bafael— 7:3o, 9:16, 11:00
a.m.: 1:45,3:45,6:15, 6:30 P. M.
fan Qnentin— 7 :3o, 9 :15 a. m. : 1 At, 5 :15 P. M. '
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days "lid Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentln—
8:00.10:00,11:30 a.M.: 1:30,3:00,4:30, *6:15
p. m. *Does not run to San Qnentin.
;• THROUGH TBAXNS. .
7:30 a. M. weekdays— and way stations. .
1 :45 p. ix. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations-
-8:00 a. m. Snndays— Point Reyes ana way stations.
2728
Am LESSONS IN ECONOMY! mcL
Mil^#f' THEY ARE HERE DAILY, LOTS OF THEM. If If)
' X&W^f^f ■ ALL THIS WEEK A SPECIAL SALE OF NEW AND BEAUTIFUL §1 ftllllf
|Wi -J-MUSLIN + UNDERWEAR^ fiilis
O^OW AH Over the Store, Wherever the Long Arm of the ' '^g^m^^
:^WSffs CI_iIE-A.R,-A.IsrCE! SALE! 4^^^
The Greatest of All Reaches, in Every Department, You'll Find the Things That Just Fit Your Ideas Dollars Are worth just
Muslin Underwear of Great Worth and Little Cost. £ bout lso cts - in Muslin
Thi« WppW — — _^_^__ Underwear Buying at
Sales lnis WeeK. . Hale's This Week.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. ££""»
Underwear on Special bale this week. Every
garment of the highest excellence. Good, gen-
erous patterns at little, skimpy prices.
Made of good heavy Mus-
Ladies' lin. Four big tucks with OAO
Muslin deep ruffled muslin bottom. XiVf
Drawers Open or closed. Special sale Pali
price
Good quality heavy Muslin.
Ladies' Four tucks with neat em- QfiC
Muslin broidery, ruffled bottom. O\f
Drawers Open or closed. Special sale Pair
price
I Very heavy Muslin. Five
Ladies' | tucks, 2 inches embroidery QP\ C
,Vfu.«lin ruffle on bottom, all new open OO
Drawers embroidery. Open or closed. Pair
■ Special sale price...*.
soft-finished Muslin and
t wn-.> fine Cambric; 10 styles to
Vi,iJnn choose from: tucked with C AC
fj™"" _« I 3-inch embroidery; ruffle on Ou
Uirawer " bottom; bit, generous pat- Pair
I tern. special sale price
Fine Muslin, new shape;
T j.-.. 2 clusters of 4 tucks each; 75c
iV -i«- lar bottom, with 4 to 6 85c
?, *"" . inch embroidery ruffle: all SI OO
drawers new open embroideries. Pair
Special sale Drlce
_ <*tJa> Good quality heavy Muslin; QJ^C
*??<"•,* open -embroidery trimmed. -OO
Chemise special sale price Each
I Made of fine soft-finished I
Ladies* | Muslin; embroidery and fine- | CAO
Chemise I tucked yoke: round or square j O\J
I neck. Special sale price | Each
Fine quality soft-finished
Muslin; embroidery trimmed
Muslin: embroidery trimmed
Ladies' armlets; Insertion and em- /T".C
Chemise broidery trimmed yoke; neck I O
trimmed round. special sale Each
price
T  , I Very heavy Muslin; deep I
ifiril!t I ruffle on bottom; 4 large and | CAC
Muslin I" small tucks; 21.-2 yards D\f
fi>Klrts I wide. Special sale price | Each
_..,,! Heavy quality Muslin: 8
I.uaips | tucks, with 6-inch embroi- £»CC
Muslin jdery ruffle on bottom. Special DO
tskirts 8 price Each
Fine Muslin: tucked and
x hi , embroidery trimmed bottom,
i.aciies or plain cambric bottom with £JFIC
Muslin 6 rows of nne tucking; full DO
SKlrts go inches wide. Special sale Each
price
FRISCO'S 810 BUSY STORE 2
_____ _____ __ ' a iL tmmmtammm^, '■" - ———————————— : — — — ~~ '■' —-^t^i^vi?- ■ ■ — : '■ ■ —
I"IA.I_iEj BROS. 937>939> 94i>943, 945 Market St.,
■•-•-' ' *^ - ™L^^ «^^ » «^^ H 7 .. Bn^U^ * .-■ '.^^ fit Q-^
(INCORPORATED), •'- SAN FRANCISCO. '
WHEAT ON THE DECLINE
The Market Fell Yesterday One
Cent Below Friday's
Prices.
RESPONSIVE TO LIVERPOOL.
In Chicago, However, May Wheat
Advanced One and a Half Cents.
Future Uncertain.
The wheat market failed yesterday to
continue on the upward grade which it has
been pursuing since Monday. Up to the
closing of the Produce Exchange call
board session Friday afternoon May wheat
advanced from $1 09% to $1 17^, but yes
terday it dropped 1 cent.
May wheat opened on the call-board ses
eion at $1 16^ ana closed weaker at $1 lG^g.
The market was a trifle quieter than on
the previous day, there being less anxiety
to buy May wheat, particularly among
heavy speculators. This condition it was
pretty generally conceded on 'Change was
the result of a weakening of speculative
tendencies combined with a responsive
feeling in foreign markets. The informal
session closed 1% cents higher than the
formal one, but street transactions later in
the day fell off to $1 16%, and some sales
•were made at $1 16.
In Chicago May wheat, which closed
Friday at 64'/g, opened yesterday morn
ing at 63%, but went up to 65% and closed
at 65% and ]4 on the street. The Conti
nental demand was improving yesterday,
but English demand was given as "dull
but stiff."
Out of sympathy with the British condi
tion prices lost some factors of strength
here, and then it was noticed that the men
who bought largely early in the weeK were
resting yesterday and appeared to be
waiting developments. They evidently
did not wish to go deeper until they would
have seen what next week might bring.
George McNear bought largely when
prices were at 9 and 10. It has been
roughly estimated that his purchases
amounted to 100,000 centals or more, but
now that the price has advanced he and a
few other heavy buyers are not exerting
themselves.
A erotic of brokers stood in the Mer
chants' Exchange hall late in the day and
while engaged in attempts at selling and
buying discussed the situation.
"It may go to $1 40 Monday," remarked
one broker.
'•Yes, or to $1 14," replied another. "It's
all speculation."
Announcements on the Produce Ex
change board contained the information
that the visible supply in the United States
decreased about 1,000,000 bushels during
the weak. This decrease was taken as an
element of strength in the prices, since the
smaller the supply the firmer prices be
come. In last month exports from the
Argentine Republic fell on considerably,
so there is some other cause for the Hurry
besides the shortness in Australia. A dis
patch from Dun's New York Review of
yesterday had this view of the situation:
A deluge of foreign reports favorable to
wheat speculation found ready answer in an
advance of over 5 cents here in spite of West
ern receip'B 50 per cent larger than last year.
Atlantic exports for the week were also much
larger than last year for the first time in sev
eral months, but for the crop year to date all
exports have Deen about 1 1 ,600,000 bushels
smaller than last year. The market has the
Idea, that i orciga demands hereafter must be
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. SJSSS
this week in all lines of Muslin Underwear.
Don't judge qualities by our prices. They may
mislead. Our descriptions are absolutely ac-
. curate.
Soft-finished Muslin;
Ladles' large, full bottom; 4 Of "1.00
White tucKS, with 7-inch em- «jPJ
• Skirts broidery ruffle. Special Each
. . . sale price
Good quality muslin;
T .<ii..> umbrella shape pattern;
¥i!lr^!! it. 5 generous tn-ks: 'cam- Cjl-50
kS?/. brie flounce ;8-mch open «JpJ
BKircs embroidery ruffled bot- Each
torn. Special . sale price
Heavy Muslin: tucked
_ .. «t and embroidery trim-
" I,adlns mcd yoke; sailor collar; r/\C
31 u sun cambric rullled edge: 4 OV
uowns styles: large sleeves. Each
j Special sale price __^
i Heavy Muslin; line-
tucked and all-over em-
T-"iti«i broidery trimmed yoke;
tm-^.iIH i cambric ruffle on collar, />«
? —i? down front and on DO
i.owns sleeves: large, full • Isach
sleeves; 4 styles. Spe-
cial sale price
Heavy Muslin, six
■ ..»-;. • styles; white and col-
Ladles* ored embroidery trim-, I 7( : ip
Muslin mcd; Princess shape I O
tiowai ■ front; large collar; but- Each
ton on side; full sleeves.
Special sale price
Kight styles:, sailor ;
collars: embroidery ruf-
Ladles' fie; tucked and embroi- Qt\C
Muslin dery trimmed yoke: (DO
Gowns Mother 11 snape; Each
large, full sleeves, spe- I
I clal sale price..... |
Ten styles; . high or
low necks; sailor col-
Ladles* lars; Princess front; all- <J|»"I.OO
Muslin. over embroidery; large | «3>-L
Uowm collar; button on side; 1 ' Each
I big , sleeves. Special I
■•'.>--;■■' I sale price ;... | ;
All newdesigns; large
>"'_■*''' - - embroidery sailor col-
Ladies' lars, embroidery, ruffled 51. 25 ,
, Muslin or tucked yokes; high and
tiovui . or low necks; 10 styles, 51.50
all new; big sleeves. Each
Special sale price ...... |
r>v.<i »-'_«>. All wool: sizes 6 to I
*'-.»,™«« BV2; reduced from 3 for n'C
Cashmere $ f? 'extra quality; fast 1 ZO
nose dye. Special sale price. | Each
much greater because of the deficient supplies
elsewhere, but no one expects that the Increase
will be at all commensurate with tne enor
mous increase in Western receipts.
With the comparatively dull close of the
week local brokers are anxiously waiting:
to see what the market may do to-morrow.
HENRY CLAY WAS EATTLED.
But He Remembered a Qnotation That
Helped Him Out All Right.
In the early twenties of this century Mr.
Clay was appointed by the Legislature of
Kentucky a Commissioner to Virginia to
ask of that State that a commission be ap
pointed to make a definite line of demarca
tion between the two States. Upon his
arrival in Richmond he was received with
great courtesy by its most distinguished
citizens. He said that his profession, poli
tics and affairs of Government had occu
pied his time bo exclusively that he was
aware of knowing little of polite literature,
or the favorite publications of the day.
This prompted him to ask an old friend,
whom he knew to be a literary man, to se
lect some lines to introduce when adress
ing the Legislature, as a quotation ex
pressive of his feelings to the State of
Virginia as his birthplace. His friend
suggested a stanza from Scott's "Lay of
the Last Minstrel," which he highly'ap
proved and memorized.
The day appointed for his address found
the galleries, halls and every available
space crowded with eager, expectant au
ditors, and many beautiful women in
bright attire gave brilliancy to the scene.
He held the attention of his audience with
entire success until he came to the pan
where he meant to introduce the quota
tion. Then his memory failed him." The
shock was appalling for a moment. He
stood rigid and pale before a thousand
watchful e3'es, in his mind only a blank,
before him a turbulent sea of upturned
faces.
With a characteristic gesture he threw
up his hands to his forehead, and in the
most sonorous tones he recited the follow
ing words :
Breathes there a man with soul so dead.
Who never to himself hath said.
This is my own, my native land !
Concluding his speech amid deafening ap
plause.
Every one present had supposed that he
was overcome by emotion, and none but
the friend who had selected the quotation
for him perceived the cause of nis mo
mentary panic— Courier Journal.
Some Famous Cooks.
Ude was the kitchen director of the fa
mous Crockford's of London. He was a
good cook and a bombastic author. His
famous axiom was that it was easier to
compose an oratorio or an opera than to
create a new entree, and that a cook was a
greater artist than a Royal Academician or
a professor of music. Soyer was also an
extravagant and exaggerated writer on
culinary topics. Apart from his services
to the English troops during the Crimean
wnr, he is mainly remembered by his hun
drea guinea dish, to produce which a hun
dred turkeys had to be killed, of which
each supplied only the two dark meat
lurnp^ on each side of the rump, called by
the French "le sotl'y laisse." Francatelli's
"Modern Cook" has become a classic
through the case with which his recipes
are susceptible of practical application.
He was Queen Victoria's chef and the in
novator in reducirtg the number of dishes
served at dinners of the time. Gouff c was
a culinary artist of the first class. His
book is a standard grammar of the French
school of cookery, and no work treating; of
superior domestic and higher cookery has
surpassed it in practical exactness and
painstaking minuteness.— New York Sun.
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, Chinaware, Glassware and
Tinware
CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very Pretty Dishes. Very Cheap Prices.
62 Market street, 8. F., Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERY WHEBK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1896.
DRESS GOODS. £^%?. 4 e^ •
Jivery pattern new, fashionable, sensible, ser-
viceable and desirable. Staple lines. They
are satisfactory goods. The time to buy is
, when we quote as below.
•We will offer a special .
Fancy llne of 75c *ancy Silks; CAC
Silk J all good staple colors and O\J
guaranteed all silk. Spe- Yard
cial sale price
For 76c per yard we
Fnn«v will give you your choice nee
sil v"* lof several broken lines of I 0 ' ■
BIIK .-. ■ $1 25 and *1 50 fancy i Yard
I silks, 20 to 24 inches wide
Black I A special line; black I
Brocaded ' Soured, all new designs, £AC
Silk I ln sraall and medium ef- OU
0 I fects. Special sale price. . I Yard
I We guarantee it to be
Black I 20 incites wide, all pure rrro
>atm ■ I silk and line finish; iD
Duchess worth $1. Special sale Yard
I price
„„,..,. I Finished on both sides; I
i-i-i.u I 20 inches wide; guaraii- V^c
Tutor l teed all silk; worth $1. /0
j-uxor I Special sale price ] Yard
A good heavy quality; I
Black; all silk: fast dye; it is | QQC
tiros '..\ worth $ 1 '25 a yard; '20 OO
Grain j inches wide.. Special sale Yard
I price ;
I'lirk I Extra heavy quality; I
1-«1I1« ' all P ure s'lk, 23 inches C? 1 .00
Silk wide; worth $125 per tjpl
I yard. Special sale price.. |- Yard
1 For $1 yard your choice I
FancT of two lines of fancy ©1. 00 :
Silk 7 striped silk, 20 and 2.' «tpl—
■° inches wide; was $1 25 Yard
and $1 60 per yard | ;
I- Your choice of four
Vann'w lines fancy French Bilks. l .no
siik* 20 and '22 Inches wide. «TOl —
"""-.' I We sold them all season Yard
I for $1 85 and ?2 yard.. ... |
' v<inov I An extra. heavy fancy I
B?ocJde Gro«-Gra«n Silk, all good Cgi.OO
Silk staple colors: was . ?2. flh 1 — _
alltL [ Special sale price | Yard
GEORGE HALL CRITICISED
An Armenian Takes to Task the
San Francisco Representative
of the Sultan.
RE VOLUTION AEY SOCIETIES.
The Turk Prays Every Evening for
the Death of All the Un
believers.
A. Ananoun, a well-known Armenian of
this City, sends the following communica
tion concerning the recent article of Mr.
Hall on the Armenian question:
San Francisco, Jan. 25.
Editor of The Call : In Friday's Chronicle
there was an article about the Armenian ques
tion .written by G. Hall.
The article clearly shows that it was written
by aXurkish Consul to please his august Sul
tan for some favors.
We understand Mr. Hall's unfortunate posi
tion as a Turkish Consul, and feel sorry for him
that his position makes it impossible for him
to use his able pen otherwise. And we most
sincerely advise him not to stain the noble
character of a citizen of America, the land
which is a patron of the oppressed. It js better
for him to keep silent in these critical times,
when thousands of innocent lives are in
danger, rather than to write about a question
of which he seems to have imperfect knowl
edge.
For Mr. Hall has never been in Armenia, nor
seen the soil of Armenia; nor have his curious
searching eyes ever caught glimpses of the
glazing domes of the Turkish mosques, nor his
sharp ears— so quick to hear of Armenian of
fenses to report 10 the Sultan forsome reward
heard the prayers of the faith ml under the
skyward towering domes, repeated five times a
day, that "Oh, Allah, make the children of the
unbelievers orphans, and givp them, their
wives and their possessions, to the faithful."
Nor has he seen the Armenians, except a few
in this City, ana we beg to remind him that
whoever and of whatsoever character those
few Armenians may be, yet they do not make a
nation nor give a fair idea of its people.
Judge Nye, In his address in the Oakland
mas^mceting, said: "I know some of the Ar
menians in the city, especially with one I am
very well acquainted. There has not been one
born in America, nor has one stepped on the
soil of this country, any better American than
that Armenian." And again, Mr. Glad
stone, Mr. Stevenson, James Price of the
English Parliament and Dr. Cyrus Hamlin,
Rev. Pr. Green, Dr. Bliss and many American
missionaries and travelers and writers have
said that the Armenians are an industrious,
intelligent, faithful, peace-liking people.
But what difference would it make, whatso
ever kind of people they may be: it is enough
that they are of the human family. Let us
look into the question from a Christian and
human point.
It has been proved by able and trustworthy
persons that over 60,000 Armenians have been
killed, that many are still being killed, and
that half a million are left destitute and at the
point of starvation. It Is almost foolish to
stop and inquire into the cause. lam sure
when Mr. Hall'p house was on fire he did not
stop and inquire into the cause, but escaped
and rendered Help to his mother and to others
in the house. It is not time for inquiry. That
has already been done, and it produced the
most appalling and heartrending results. It
is time to extend some helping hand. Are we
.human? Let us do our human duty, then.
The most astonishing part of Mr. Hall's
article was a wholesale denial and an effort to
whitewash the Turk of the crimes committed
before the heavenward rising protests of
Europe and America against his outrages.
Lacking evidences to support his views, Mr.
Hall refers to Senor Zimmenes, a Spanish
traveler. All who have read last January's
papers will remember Senor Zimmenes, the
so-called Spanish traveler, was paid by the
Sultan to lecture in London to divert the pub
lic sympathies from the Armenians. It was
discovered that he had never been in Armenia.
In London the public would not even hear
him. What that lalsifying Spanish traveler
said is unjust, is cruel. "I deny most emphati
MHTinMQ Braids, Laces, Buttons, Rlb-
nU I lUilOi bons. Fancy Goods, Gloves,
Bazaar (joods— everything in the stream ot
low prices. A department of small things,
low prices and quick sales. This an eclipse
week— former prices eclipsed.
Serpentine I For DreBS Trimming; I
l)"s' [mostly black: from i/i to I OC
Braid % lncn w ide. Special I -i
* >I " 1 " (sale price .....| Yard
School They contain Slate Pen-
Pencll cil, I^t-ad Pencil and Pen- QC
iicxes holder; sood value for 6c. O
Special Sale price Each
Pure Tissue; 200 good- I
Medicated si?,e sheets, lull count: AC
Toilet about iy 2 inches thick; rt
l'upor medicated, special sale ] Bunch
price |
i;.,h v Plcot edge; assorted QIC
Kibbon colors; 10 yards to a O'4
pitce. Special sale price. Piece
Tn rolls of 10 yards
Khair each: no pecking patterns (7C
r«V>..r in this; in white, yellow i
■ i or Dlue . worln twice a< Koll
much. Special sale price
Nice soft Sponges; good I
T H t full size; will hold a quart QO
SnonVei of water; muke your bath O
1 * " a luxury, worth 25c each. Each
I Special sale price
s Hn Black Satin and Gro«- I
j_i r r Grain Ribbon ; ilnelu.ster; I 010
tilUDon 12, special sale price | Yard
,.,,!, I Net top: we guarantee I
K,.,.f,10n unU sllk : 31 / i inches IAC
Bourdon wide; value 25c a yard. 1U
ljac c I Special sale price | Yard
_„_ Colored Metal Dress
iV,Ljj Buttons, all sizes; the lot TftC
it.WtoT,. t0 close - special sale 1U
Buttons prjce * Vozea
....,„ I Suede finish; colors In I
['»iintl«t assorted tans; all sizes; 1 f\C
t.auntlet rvalue 25c pair, special ±U
Oloves sale price Pair
cally bis false accusations against missionaries,
who, even in cases when I'rotestants were ar
rested, would not interfere for their releape-
Poor missionaries were often harassed and ac.
cused in Turkey for not using their influence
to better the condition of the Armenians.
The missionaries were not the cause. It was
the Bible they had in their hands, the Bible
that they preached, the Bible which tells of
human rights and how God made man free
that Bible is the cause. Shall we then de
nounce and accuse this Bible for what it has
done for humanity?
Hut the Bible will be preached, though Mr.
Hall may dislike it. God will reign and the
bells of sweet liberty will ring from shore to
shore and land to land, though the Sultan may
oppose and Mr. Hall may object. They are
passing obstacles; soon the way will be cleared
of them.
Concerning the Armenian revolutionary
societies, of which Mr. Hall makes mention, as
to their beins: wicked and fiendish, I will in
another article enlighten the public, but let
me say nere that ninety out of 100 Armenians
in Turkey are peAce and quiet loving people.
It is natural that persecution, oppression
and tyrannical government creates Becret
societies to help the persecuted. These weie |
organized with a. real human feeling to devise j
w&ya and means to ameliorate the condition of j
the Armenians, when it was seen that petition
ing, pleadings, appeals, prayers for mercy, and
even protests did not move the atony-hearted
Sultan. A. AKANOUN.
TOWN OP VLADIVOSTOK.
Street Scenes That Are Characteristic
of Russian Life.
Vladivostok has the aspect of an in
ferior Hong-Kong, of about a quarter the
size. Hills crowned with forts rise around
it up to a height of 800 feet. It lies on
the south side of a peninsula twenty miles
long, called Maravief Amursky, in 43
degrees fj minutes 51 seconds north lati
tude and 131 degrees 54 minutes 21
seconds east longitude. The town
is between four and five miles long,
but is straggling and unconnected and of
no breadth. Some streets are very steep
and all are horribly dusty in dry weather,
j being never watered, and being continually
crossed in all directions by droshkas
driven at a smart pace. Instead of pave
ments the streets have "sidewalks" of
planks, as commonly seen in new Ameri
can cities. You take six stout planks,
some twenty-five feet long, and lay them
side by side, and you continue the process
for the requisite number of versts or miles
(three versts are two miles), and the "side
walk" is complete, save for a few props
and nails where the ground is too soft or
the foundation degenerated into holes.
The droshkas are driven by red-headed,
snub-nosed Russian izvezchiks, in low,
glazed, stovepipe hats, with very curly
brims, red sleeves, plaited black skirts and
high boots. In them one often sees, lolling
as passengers, a couple of frowsy Chinese,
or a still frowsie Krorean. The fare is
only 80 kopeks, or 1 shilling and 18 pence,
an hour, or over half an hour; and from
point to point there are tenpenny and five
penny fares, according to distance. The
regulatious forbid charging more, but, with
hue irony, allow the driver "to take less,
if he likes." He may not leave his cab to
take care of itself, may not "sing, make a
noise or cause a disturbance"; he must
temper his pace to a "town trot" and
' keep to the right-hand side of the road."
The troika has a dashing look ; the horse
in the middle trots under the arched duga
whose object and effect, when properly
put on, is to keep the shafts at the same
distance apart. The small horses right
and left are cantering and their bodies in
cline a little outward from the car. In
V ladivostok are few complete triple teams
generally there are only the "middle
horse trotting and one other cantering on
its near side.
The water barrel on wheels, drawn by
horse or bull, and often driven by a sol
dier is a frequent sight carrying water up
to the forts and to the uppemown. A fun
nier horse vehicle is the" sit-astride, cush
ioned beam, on which izvozchik and [
cloaked and spurred officer sit, with dang
ling legs, one behind the other— the of
ficers behind.— Fortnightly Review.
• ■» — •
,, T be finest emerald in Europe belongs to
the Czar.
TESTING CAR FENDERS
Two That Did Not Create Much
Enthusiasm Among
Supervisors.
One Knocked the Dummy Down With
Sufficient Force to Kill a
Human Being.
Two fenders for the protection of the trav
eling public from being mangled by trol
ley and cable cars were tested yesterday on
West Mission street in the presence of the
Health and Police Committee of the Board
of Supervisors, representatives of the
Market-street system, the inventors and a
large concourse of lookers-on.
The first, which the owner claimed is in
successful use in Cincinnati, St. Louis and
other Eastern cities, consists of a yielding
buffer, extending the full width of the
front of car and to a height of about three
feet. It is so adjusted that the impact of
any body which comes in front of the car
causes a scoop to drop and pick the body
up.
An ironbound dummy, representing a
full-grown man, was placed on the track
and the car run against it. The blow was
of sufficient force to Dave killed a human
being and a spectator remarked that the
corpse would look better if it had
been run over by the car. About the same
result was attained when the dummy was
laid flat on the track.
The inventor was not satisfied with the
test, and said that he could obtain better
results with a dummy stuffed with straw,
and was promised another chance to prove
that his fender is of practical use.
The second fender was called the Peck
ham, and consisted of a wooden frame
holding a rigid scoop three inches above
the track. As in the case of the other
fender, the dummy failed to go under the
wheels, but was thrown down with suf
ficient force to jar it very much and bend
the iron stiffened legs out of shape.
The same impact would disable if not
kill a human being.
It was decided to give both machines
consideration and perhaps another trial
at some future date.
MIND BUILDING.
Philosophic Idea tho Development of
Sense and Motor Centers.
"Physical sensation is intensified ac
cording to the degree of intellect a person
possesses. People with brains ever on the
alert, and of intuitive intelligence, ex
perience either pain or physical pleasure
to a far greater degree than do those
whose mental ability has never been so
highly developed.''
This truism, uttered by S. Millington
Miller, M.D., seems to have been his in
centive for writing an article on "Mind
Building by Sense Development," in the
new magazine, "The Progress of the
World."
In illustrating his sense development
idea, he says that the teacher gets hold of
the auditory center of a child through its
ear, and by insistently repeating a certain
idea over and over to that child, develops
the brain tissue of that particular nerve
center; causes blood to flow to it, just as
continually beating and assaulting any
portion of the body will cause blood to
rush to that spot. The aroused brain cell
sends out a tiny, feeble feeler in response
to the demand made upon it. In time, as
it awakens more and more to its responsi
bilities, it pulls out other feelers or ten
drils. These, reaching out, seek for some
nniMEOTIPC Our "Housekeepers' Har-
UUITICO I IUO. vest" is still being reaped
by our customers. We seem to be headquar-
ters for all people that buy domestics and
housefurnishings. Wonder if the prices have
anything to do with the case?
Canton Unbleached; reduced A IC
£ S£s» fed
" Medium colors; thereg- £*1C
Flannelettes ularBV3C quality. Special O4
, sale price Yard
Unbleached; 21 x 44 1
Turkish inches:, colored borders; | IAO
Towels woven selvage; the lot to I JLU
close. Special sale price. | Each
Fleece lined; black and I
Ca«hm«r« white figures and a good QIC
Flannelettes variety of dark shades; I O3 .
flannelettes Ior wrappers. Special Yard
• sale price. I
Crystal A 00<11 y variety of IAC ;
Creooim evening shades; 28 inches 1U
vrep ° 18 wide. Special sale price. Yard
Notions (Continued).
Crnnnnntt* Worth 35c at any time; I
Tabu good heavy quality; size OnO
Covers 32x32: the loc to close. Z\)
** * Special sale price | Each
Fancy stamped; ; not
Pillow hemmed; good value at lno
Shams 25c pair, special sale I I i
price I Each
1 000 Large size, fancy shaped cards;
Calendars %**£%& «*» laces «
Flower Faces Calen- I Pansy Calendars.. ...34c
dars ..........60c | Byron Calendars. 14c
Golden Year Calen- I Dickens Calendars... 12c
dars ....31c | Tennyson Calendars.
.Large assortment of "New Idea" patterns. The
best and cheapest pattern In the market. Price
10c each.
thing to cling to, and form a connection
with other cells which have been aroused
by appeals to corresponding senses.
The sense of touch, or what is known as
general sensation, is the most acute of all
the five senses.
Every one marvels at the brainlike sensi
bilities of the liana which can pick out a
counterfeit note from a pile of a hundred
bills when the owner of the hand is blind
folded. The tactile or inner surface of the
hand, where all the sensibility exists, con
sists of jan endless number of tactile cor
puscles, set in rows on the ridges of the
inner ends of the fingers. According to
Meissner, these corpuscles crepitate or
give forth a sound and these sounds differ
at every age of every individual. In the
case or the blind this sense of touch is so
marvelously developed that if they finger
an object carefully several times they are i
able to form with clay a correct copy of it. i
Discussing the meaning of the term "tis- ;
sue habit," Dr. Miller says that the
nervous tissues, which are composed of
cells and connecting fibers, acquire a habit
of the transmission of certain sensations I
and the performance of certain thoughts. j
What is called 'Tacking the brain" is
due to this condition of affairs. It is as if
a solitary wayfarer in the woods had
reached a point where his path branches
out in half a dozen different directions,
and not knowing which trail will lead him
to his destination he is obliged to try each
path in turn in vain, and is at last com
pelled to strike out of his own accord
through the woods.
Then it is that a sensation (which did
not sufficiently impress itself originally
upon its sense center) in search of this
vague memory, runs down this fiber and
down that fruitlessly, and finally is obliged
to absolutely create a new pathway of
thought. As Professor Jordan very ap- j
propriately suggests, it is not nearly so
important that all the sensations of a grow
ing child should be impressed upon it as
that those which it will need in future life
shall be indelibly burned into its brain.
It is plain that the education of a child is
not a "drawing out" at all, but a build
ing up.
Recent experiments have shown the in
telligence of monkeys can be very much
improved by patient education of the va
rious sense and motor centers. The mon
key is a docile animal, and far more ready
to receive education than a vast majority
of children. Still, the education of a mon
key's brain is a slow and laborious opera
tion. ">:' .
Let us suppose the case of a monkey who
is very dirty and slovenly in appearance.
It has been found that such an animal can
be made to wash itself just as a man does
with water; to comb and brush its hair;
to clean its teeth; to wear clothes and
to show great facility in putting them
on and taking, them off. The mon
key is such an imitator that the only
trouble in these cases has been that the
special education given to it runs riot with I
its brain, so that it is constantly brushing
its hair, or cleaning its teeth, or putting on
and taking off its clothes. In matters of
fact, the possibilities of the mental develop
ment of the monkey and of the dog, too,
are absolutely unlimited, and it is not at
all unlikely that the voice center in the
brain of these animals and their vocal
cords can be so eloped as to enable
them to use articulate speech.
. Dr. Miller appears to regret that the
sense of smell in man has < been allowed to
fall into desuetude, while in the dog it has
always been and is now being carefully
cultivated. If man's sense of smell has
become vestigial, why, . asks the doctor,
should the clog's and monkey's speech
centers not be , developable?— New York
Commercial Advertiser.
• • — ♦ — •
Yankee Cheers for a Brave British Ship.
, The harbor was death, the high seas
salvation, and Captain Kane determined
upon; a desperate effort: to get out. The
Calliope matched her engines against the
awful tornado. For a time she stood sta
tionary, then crawled or rather sidled to
to the gap in the outside reef, close by the
Trenton, which was pitching ,at anchor,
with fires drowned and wheel ; and rudder
gone. As the Englishman at last
nnSUHTCTIPC Our customers know
UUiYICO I lUbi enough .NOT to stay in
when it rains. We are busy even on rainy
days. Sunshine don't make cloth any better,
and our offers are very often limited, and
rather than lose them people venture out.
29 inches wide; pretty
Sateens figures and stripe* on "1 OIC
100118 dark-colored grounds. J-Zl3
Special Sale price. ...... Yard
Mostly all wool; 26
White inches wide; value "I QIC
Flannel 162/3 C yard. Special X^2
Sale price, Yard
Unbleached; all linen,
Table 80 inches wide; a bright, QP\ C
Damask clean Table Clotn is the OiJ
amd * B best tonic for your an- Yard
"' ■ - ■ petite in the world
Table Bleached; all pure f^AC
ii. .,,,., 5ir linen and fine quality; *J\J
Uainask tJGi nnt,C t,e 3 wide."........ Yard
16x29 inches; extra
Huck heavy woven selvage; Q?\C
Towels about 250 dbzen ; worth Oi>
$1 25. Special sale price Cozen
Pure white; large,
e( » generous tuck-in kind: QF\C
Rnrfln.fi a Marseilles patterns; VO
□ pxo a made of three-ply yarn. Each
Special sale price
~~ Big size; plenty of
I Big size; plenty of
white cotton tilling;
prettily figured sateen fITjT .48
Comforters cover: you may need «JpJL
one for the "spare Each
room." Special sale
price
Mottled gray; guaran-
teed all wool; a good
traveling blanket; CJQ.BS
Blankets warm as sunshine; the O"- '
hard-to-get-up kind; re- Pair
duced from $4 50. Spe-
cial sale price
Bleached Sheets.
Made from Pequot, Fruit of the Loom and Back-
wood Muslins. Slightly soiled.
72x90 .48c each; were 55c
72x99 48c each; were 65c
81x90 55c each; were 70c
>*3x99 : 55c each; were 70c
90x9 > 60c each; were 70c
90x99 60c each; were 80c
The entire lot to close.
came to the wind outside a rousing
cheer went up from the American
flagship, returned with a will by
the British tars. When Captain Kane
hastened to acknowledge the parting cheer
sent after him as he mit to sea, our ad
miral replied : "My dear captain: Your
j kind note received. You went out splen
didly and we all fait from our hearts for
you, and our cheers came with sincerity
and admiration for the able manner in
which you handled your ship. We could
not have been gladder if it had been one of
our ships, for in a time like that I can say
truly, with old Admiral Josian Tatnall,
that 'blood is thicker than water.'" From
"The Republican Ascendancy " by
President E. Benj. Andrews, in the Febru
ary Scribner's.
• — ♦ < ,
Italian women as a rule object to mar
| rying foreigners.
SI.OO foMO Cents.
BARGAIN SALE!
COMMENCING
MONDAY, JANUARY 27.
CLOAKS,
JACKETS,
CAPES,
SUITS,
WRAPPERS,
FUR CAPES, Etc.
TO BE SOLD AT
10 Cents on the Dollar.
Sale to take place in the BASEMENT
from 9 A. M. to 4 P. M.
ARMAND CAILLEAU,
Corner Brant Aye. and Geary,
Entrance Grant Aye.
. AT AUCTION !
Closing-Out
SALE
Of DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEW.
ELRY, CLOCKS and SILVER.
WAKE to the highest bidder.
NO Reserve.
BARRETT & SHERWOOD,
9 and 1 1 Geary Street.
SALE COMMKNTKS MONDAY, and con-
tinues daily at 11 o'clock and
7:30 evening.
STORE To RBMT,