VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 179.
SCORES OF PEOPLE
PLUNGE TO DEATH
A Crowded Bridge at Vic
toria Falls With Its
Human Load.
HURLED INTO A SWIFTLY
MOVING TIDE.
Over Eighty Lives Crushed Out
Beneath a Tangled Mass
of Wreckage.
AN ELECTRIC CAR GOES DOWN
WITH ITS PASSENGERS.
Appalling Disaster That Mars a Cele
bration in Honor of England's
Queen.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 26.— The gayety
and .jubilee with which loyal Victorians
were to have celebrated the anniversary
of their Queens birth to-day were turned
to sadness and mourning by an appalling
acccident, in which scores of lives went
ou.t.
As the thousands of revelers were trav
eling for Macaulay Point shortly after
1 o'clock to witness the sham tight and
naval review near the Esquimalt station,
the bridge over Point Ellice Bay gave way,
precipitating into the waters 100 feet be
neath a heavily loaded electric car and
several private vehicles.
Down upon this struggling human mass
came the giant timbers of the bridge,
crushing out dozens of lives. A strong
tide swept out to sea the bodies of many
who escaped death in the awful plunee,
and of the 200 persons who were hurled
into the water scarcely half survive.
The list of dead numbers upward of
eighty, and the bodies of sixty-two un
fortunates have been recovered. Many of
those borne away by the tide will never
be found, and the actual loss of life will
probably never be known.
£. B. Casmichael, commission agent.
J. B. Gordon, Bradstreet's agent.
Mrs. Adams, widow of F. Adams, who
was drowned in the Velos accident last
year.
J. Edmonds, Victoria.
Miss Nathan, Spring Ridge.
J. Bossi, storekeeper, Victoria.
Arthue Ftjllebtox. son of W. F. FuJ
lerton, Spring Ridge.
Mrs. Heatherbell, wife of William
Heatherbell, Victoria.
J. Wilson, a son of Superintendent Wil
son.
W. Van Bokkelk, Port Townsend.
Miss Annie Keast, daughter of Arthur
Keast, Deputy Registrar of the Supreme
Court, Vicrcra.
Caita«ji Levebidge, Spring Ridge.
Mas. G. L Post, Victoria.
Master Post, son of the last named.
Abchie Biggar, aged 6 years, son of
George W. Biggar.
Miss Bigoab, aged 9 years, daughter of
George W. Biggar.
Frank Oresta, bootblack, Victoria.
Miss Minnie Robertson, daughter of W.
A. Robertson.
Mrs. E. B. Cabmichael.
Fred Adams, son of the late Contractor
Adams.
— . Holmes, bookkeeper of the Sayward
Milling Company.
Miss Sophie Smith, Victoria.
Miss Bttbt, Anacortes.
James Lacbie, Victoria.
William Pearson, Victoria.
Miss Tubneb, Victoria.
The two Misses Bowness, Victoria.
Miss F. Jackson, Victoria.
Gcispeppi Rowe, son of Sergeant-Major
Mulcahey.
Miss Emma Omen, Victoria.
Miss Gbace Elfobd, Victoria.
— James, Victoria.
James Thomas Patterson, Victoria.
Gabriel Marbatta, Victoria.
Mrs. Tout, Seattle.
Mbs. Woodhocpe, Seattle.
— Jackson, a cattleman, Victoria.
Miss Floba Jackson, Victoria.
H. Talbot, the motorman, Victoria.
George Farb, the conductor, Victoria.
Mrs. Housan, Victoria.
James Henry Ttack, Victoria.
Miss Ida Goodacbe, Victoria.
A number of unidentified bodies have
also been recovered, and more are being
brought to the surface hourly. Among
the injured are:
Canon Paddon, Victoria, bruised and suf
focated by water.
Ex-Alderman W. A. Robertson, Vic
toria, bead badly cut.
G. W. Biggab, Victoria, badly cut about
the bead.
Mrs. Biggar, Victoria, badly bruised and
strangled by water.
Dr. Lang, Victoria, badly bruised.
The sham-fight and naval review were
to take place at Macaulay Poitit, near
Esquimalt, this afternoon, and crowds
were making their way there by every
route. All the tramcars were packed with
visitors. At 1:30 o'clock a large and
heavily laden car left Government street,
having upward of 10C people on board.
When the middle span of the traffic
bridge, about 150 feet in length, was
reached it collapsed, throwing the car and
a number of carriages and foot-passengers
into the water, 100 feet beneath.
The car was completely submerged, and
The San Francisco Call.
all the passengers save a few who were on
the platform and roof were drowned. A
number were killed by falling timbers and
a few escaped by clinging to the floating
ruins of the bridge. The car was buried
under twenty-five feet of water, and doz
ens of men, women and children were
pinned under the wreckage, unable to
strive for life.
On the surface of Victoria Arm, strug
gling people fought to gain the shore.
Strong men and frail women battled for
their lives. Husbands emerged from the
wreckage, only to find that their wives
had gone down to death. Children were
carried down by those who were stronger,
and father? also had struggled from be
neath the timbers and debris of bridge
and car and carriages returned to their
doom in vain endeavor to rescue their
babes. The waters of the Arm for yards
around were dyed red with blood, and
floating out to sea went corpse after corpse,
borne on by the tide.
The shrieks of men, the screams of
women and children filled the air and
nerved the crowds of rescuers on to feats
that endangered life and limb.
The number of carriages lost and the
foot-passengers carried down in the wreck
cannot oe learned. It is claimed by many
that fully 200 persons went down with the
span and that more than half of them
perished. The accident occurred so
quickly that nobody has a very clear
recollection of what transpired. »
The work of rescue was inaugurated
with all possible haste and over tliirty
bodies were recovered by 4 o'clock. They
were carried to Captain Grant's garden
lawn, where they were cared for by willing
bands. In several cases persons seem
ingly dead were resuscitated, and the wail
ings of relatives gave way to tears of joy
and words of thanksgiving.
Owing to the fact that nearly every kind
of craft in the harbor was engaged for the
"THE CZAR IS CROWNED! "-THE IMPERIAL PROCESSION AFTER THE CEREMONY.
Th« accompanying sketch was drawn by a "Call " artist from an engraving published In the London Graphic of June 9, 1883, and represents Alexander IU, father of the pres
ent Czar, passing from the Cathedral of the Assumption to the Cathedral of the Archangel Michael after the coronation ceremony. The event took place on th» 27th of May, 1883,
and the ceremony performed yesterday, when Nicholas II was crowned monarch of all the Russias, was Identical In every respect with that which took place thirteen years ago. In
his right hand the Czar grasps the scepter, while the globe is held In his left.
day, boats were hard to procure, and the
work of rescue was somewhat slow.
Steam and naphtha launches were hurried
to the scene, and in this particular the
boats of tbe various warships were the
most active. Scores of people who were
floundering in the water or clinging to
the debris were picked up and taken to
places of safety, but many sank before the
eyes of the rescuers ere they could be
reached.
Thousands of sorrowing friends and
relatives crowded abound the approaches
to the bridge, eagerly scanning each body
as it was brought to land. Mothers,
crazed by the loss of husbands or children,
attempted to jump into the Arra in their
eagerness to rescue their loved ones. As
body after body was brought to the shore
crowds rushed forward to search each
mangled face, yet dreading the possibility
that it might be that of some one whom
they hoped had escaped from the death
trap. '
Up to 10:30 o'clock siity-two bodies had
been taken from the bay. Twenty persons
known to have been on the bridge at the
time of the accident are missing and it is
supposed that they have perished. The
car register shows ninety fares and it is
probable that over 125 people were on
board.
The rescue of some of the victims was,
under the circumstances, almost miracu
lous. Among those saved were Mr. and
Mrs. Foster of Seattle, Fo&ter stood on
the outside of the electric car and his wife
was seated within. When the car went
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY ISIORNING, MAY 27, 1896.
down he jumped and dived. Coming up
and catching a bridge timber be saw a
lady rise near him and seized her. She
was a Victoria woman who bad accom
panied himself and wife. Then he saw
his wife's cloak appear upon the water.
He called to a man to save her, and not in
vain, for the man swam to Mrs. Foster's
rescue and bore her to the land.
Superintendent J. Wilson of the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad Telegraphs was driv
ing a carriage containing his wife and five
children directly behind the ill-fated car.
His vehicle was swept down and in a mo
ment the entire family were struggling in
the water. With rare presence of mind
Mr. Wilson succeeded in saving his wife
and four of the children. The fifth child,
a little boy, was wedged beneath some
wreckage and drowned.
Since early morning Victoria had been
filled with visitors and pleasure-seekers
hailing from nearly every section of the
Pacific Nortbwest and the list of dead in
cludes many from outside British Colum
bia points and the States of Washington !
and Oregon.
From every part of the Northwest tele- j
grams inquiring as to the safety* of friends j
and relatives came pouring into Victoria '
from anxious ones at home. Those of the '
visitors who were fortunate enough to es- j
cape death with disaster were correspond
ingly busy sending out cheering words of
their safety and welfare.
The Point Ellice bridge was built about
ten years ago by the Ranfran Bridge Com
pany. It was partially of iron, with hol
low piers, tilled with concrete, and had a
plank flooring. It is said that two years j
I ago the bridge was condemned by officials.
I Four years ago, on the occasion of a for
mer Queen's birthday celebration, a street
car filled with people in passing over it
partially broke through, but there was no
serious injury or fatality.
It was about 300 feet long and ran across '
Victoria Arm, a continuation of Victoria
harbor, the Arm extending ud some six
miles. The bridge site is on the road to
Esquimalt and is within the city limits.
The bridge is said to have cost about
$11,000.
The disaster cast a pall of gloom over
the city, ana all sports, including the
sham battle, were at once cancelled.
Port Tournsend Victims.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. May 26.—
John A. Van Bokkelen, one of the victims
in the terrible accident at Victoria this
afternoon, was one of the wealthiest and
most popular yonng men in this city.
James McCurdy, another victim, was also
well off and prominent, being the eldest
son of Dr. McCurdy, the first practicing
physician in thin section.
LIGHTNING STRIKES A MAGAZINE.
Buildings of a Powder Company in Kansas
Blown Up and Lives Thought to
Have Been Lost.
FORT SCOTT, Kanb., May 26.— During
a heavy electrical storm this evening light
ning struck one of the seven large build
in cs of the Latlin-Rand Powder Company
at Turck, Cheroicee County, Kans., and an
awful explosion followed, the flame of the
burning powder shooting 300 feet in tbe
air. The report was heard for twenty
miles.
The plant was established in 1890 and
cost $260,000. Owing f.o the distance of
the plant from a telegraphic office no de
tails can be learned. It is feared that
many lives were lost, aa the factory runs a
large night lorce.
BATTLES WITH INSURGENTS,
When Not Killing Innocent People Spanish
Soldiers Do a Little Forced
Fighting.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 26.— Seventeen
hundred troops under General Suarez
Valdez, who left Consolacion del Sur yes
terday, had a fierce engagement with a
large rebel force under Maceo and Perico
Diaz, which was occupying the hills of
Decanso. After five huurs' fighting the
position of the insurgents was captured.
The rebel loss is said to be thirty-nine
killed, including Major Naranjo and two
strangeis. The Spaniards had twenty
seven wounded, including General Valdez.
The rebel band under Mirabel attacked
tile town of Tapaste, province of Havana,
and burned nineteen houses on the out
skirts. Tbe gunboat Lealtad has captured
three boats that were abandoned on the
coast near Sagua la Grande.
The Spaniards are elated by the decision
of the United States Supreme Court in the
case of the filibustering steamer Horsa.
Colonel Landa, operating around Quivi
can, this province, has killed nine
"Pacificos" during the last ten days.
All belonged to the farming class and
were not insurgents. It is said that thirty
eight quiet people have been killed in that
vicinity within a week.
Major Lopez, of the battalion Isabella
Cotilica in operation around San Antonio
las Vegas, Havana province, between the
18th and 20tn of this month killed sixteen
Pacincos. These men were taken from the
fields and from their houses and killed
with macaetes.
To Stand tor Free Coinage.
OKLAHOMA CITY. O. T., May 26.-
The Territorial Democratic Convention
met here to-day and passed resolutions
favoring the free and unlimited coinage of
gold and silver at a ratio of 16 to 1. The
delegates to Chicago were instructed to
stand for free coinage.
STANLEY CLAYCOMB CONVICTED.
Robbed Graves in Order to Sell the Bodies
to the Drake Medical
College.
OMAHA, Nebr., May 26.— The jury in
the Stanley Claycomb grave robbery case
returned a verdict this afternoon of guilty
as charged. This was the trial on the
Helm case of grave robbing, Claycomb
havinp been acquitted in the Larson trial.
Claycomb was the man who was caught
at l)es Moines with two trunks in his pos
session containing human bodies. He ex
pected to dispose of them to the Drake
Medical College for dissecting purposes.
Later it was discovered by Omaha detect
ives that the graves of Mrs. Anna Larson
and Mr. Helm at Mount Hope Cemetery,
in the outskirts of this city, had been tam
pered with and the bodies removed. The
bodies shipped to Dcs Moines proved to be
the missing ones. lowa authorities were
here to rearrest Claycomb should he es
cape conviction, they naving similar cases
against him.
MURDER AT CAMPHELLN.
A. Midnight Prowler Tnh«* the Life of B.
C. Mctitinry.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 27.— Word was re
ceived by the Sheriff at 1 o'clock this
morning stating that R. C. McGlincy of
Campbells, six miles from here, was mur
dered by a burglar.
The robber struck out in the direction of
San Jose. The Sheriff has gone to the
scene.
CREES CROSS THE BORDER.
Redskins From British Columbia Running
Off Cattle and Destroying Farm-
Houses.
OMAHA, Nkbr., May 26.— Advicei re
ceived here to-day are to the effect that the
Cree Indians, natives of British Columbia,
have crossed the border into Montana and
North Dakota on their hunting trips and
are running off cattle and destroying farm
houses. No cases of bloodshed have oc
curred, but the settlers are greatly stirred
up and have called on the Government for
protection. Troops B and Eof the Tenth
Cavalry, located at Fort Custer, Mont.,
have been ordered to prepare for active
service and will be used to force the ma
rauding redskins to leave the country.
Ail leaves of absence to the officers have
been canceled and instructions have been
issued to absentees to immediately report
for active service. Information has not
yet been given out from army headquar
ters here as to when marching orders will
be given.
Cook County Democrat*.
CHICAGO, 111., May 26.— The Cook
County Democratic Convention to-day
elected delegates to the State Convention.
The gathering was confined almost exclu
sively to the supporters of free silver, the
"nonest money" Democrats refusing to
vote for delegates to the convention at yes
terday's primaries. Altgeld was indorsed
for Governor.
PARIS, France, May 25.— Large orders
have been received from Moscow by
prominent shippers for all descriptions of
French wines. The house of Pomruery
alone had orders for 325 cases of cham
pagne.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CROWNED CZAR OF
ALL THE RUSSIAS.
Climax of the Great Event
Which the World Has
Awaited.
DAZZLING SERVICES IN
THE CATHEDRAL.
Only the Favored Few Witness
the Coronation of Nicho
las II and Alix.
CKUSH OUTSIDE THE CHURCH
TO SEE THE KULER.
Voices of the Choir Mingle With tht
Many Bells Inside the
Kremlin.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 26.— The great
event, for which untold preparations had
been made, is over. The supreme func
tion was accomplished without a hitch.
The weather was perfect, and everything
led the people to look forward with hope
to the reign of N^cuolas 11, the ruler of
millions.
The proclamation issued to-day by the
Czar on the occasion of his coronation
prescribes various remissions, of which
the following are the principal:
All arrears of taxes in European Russia
and Poland are remitted, and the land
tax is reduced by half for ten years.
The sentences of exiles iv Siberia are
materially reduced, political offenders re
ceiving further remissions, with the res
toration of their civil rights in certain
cases. The ex-Ministers of the Interior
and Justice are empowered to submit to
the Czar deserving cases of those pun
ished after a regular trial. Those persons
who shared in the Folish rebellion who
are not guilty of murder, cruelty, arson or
robbery are exempted from the police
supervision decreed in 1883, and ara
granted full freedom of residence if they
return to their own country and take the
oath of alJegiance.
To-day was the chief day of all those
given up to the coronation ceremonies. The
weather was fine and the sky cloudless.
The Kremlin, which was the center of at*
traction, was early surrounded by ..waiting,
crowds, who had no possible chance of
gettiug inside, but were satisfied to see
what they could outside tbe walls. Troops
headed by bands of music beean moving
at 4 o'clock in the morning, marching to
the Kremlin. At 7 o'clock a iialvo of
twenty-one guns was firea and 7:30 the
bells of the cathedral began to peal.
Assembled in the halls of the Kremlin
Palace were all of the personages forming
the Czar's cortege, the ladies of the court,
noted dignitaries, officers in uniform, etc.
All of the accesses to tie palace and the
cathedral, as well as the route of the im
perial cortege, were guarded by double
lines of troops, and round and within the
courts of the palace were squadrons of
cavalry. Crowds thronged the streets at
an early hour, and those who were fortu
nate enotigh to possess cards of admission
to the small Cathedral of the Assumption,
where the coronation ceremonies were
solemnized, were early at the Kremlin,
seeking their places,
A definite place had been allotted to
each, as the space within the cathedral is
exceedingly small, and no one outside of
members of the imperial family, the for
eign sovereiens, princes or their repre
sentatives, the diplomatic corps and a
favored few were able to enter the sacred
precincts. A mass of people filled the
great Red square. No one was allowed
within tbe Kremlin walls without a ticket
until the ceremony began, as even here
thousands had to be accommodated who
could not hope to see the coronation act
itself, but only the accompanying cere
monies which took place without the
cathedral.
The famous red staircase leading up by
the side wall of the Granovitava Palace
into the Kremlin Palace, down which the
royal party came, was covered with crim
son cloth. Tbe Cathedrals of the Assump
tion, tbe Annunciation and the Arch
angel were connected by means of a wide
wooden path carpeted with crimson cloth,
stretching from tbe red staircase and
branching off to the doors of the cathe
drals and to the entrances of the large
square of the Kremlin, through which
their Majesties would pass on making the
circuit of the cathedrals and the Ivan
Tower, after being crowned, in order to
sliow themselves to the populace. Within
the inclosure formed by the pathways
were deputations from various regiments
and civil deputies from the provinces.
Just before it was time for the Czar to
appear at the top of the Red Square the
broad spaces of the Kremlin were densely
packed with perhaps 100,000 people, press
ing closely up to the very fence of the
inner square between the cathedrals.
At a little before 8 o'clock the special
correspondents were allowed to view the
interior of the cathedral, as only a few of
the representative correspondents could
be accommodated at the ceremony itselt.
The cathedral, with its white sandstone
exterior, surmounted by its five golden
domes, presented a most brilliant appear
ance within.
The available room within the cathedral
is about eighty feet square, and this is
broken by enormous circular pillars and
some monuments distributed throughout
the church. The Ikonstas, which, like a
screen, divides the chancel from the
nave, is covered with repousse worK of
beaten gold and hung with ecclesiastical
paintings, some of which are very ancient,
and more than one has miraculous powers
ascribed to it. Plates of gold cover the
walls, and there is scarcely any space that
is not coated with precious metals or
stones. In one shrine covered with gold,
silver and precious stones is an image of
the Virgin of enormous value, under which
lie the bones and ashes of the venerated
saints.
Between the four pillars in the center ol2
the church on a dais covered with red vel
vet, bordered with heavy gold trimmings,
embroidered at the Corners with eagles,
were two thrones facing the Ikonstas.
Upon this dais, which was six feet high
and approached by twelve steps, was a
landing midway and small platforms for
the groups of ladies of the court, masters
of ceremonies, etc Over the thrones was
a magnificent square baldachin of purple
velvet lined with ermine hanging from
the roof between the two pillars furthest
from Ikonstas. In the center, surmount
ing the baldachin, was an immense gilded
"crown.
At 8:15 numerous ladies and gentlemen
of the court, in brilliant dresses and uni
forms, entered and took their places, and
at 8:30 the great bell in tbe Ivan tower be
gan to peal, giving the signal to all other
bells, which took up the peal and re
sounded throughout the city. A large
number of bishops and priests in mag
nificent robes were in attendance. As the
bell of Ivan Vleki tolled out the half hour,
the male choir, which in Greek churches
is always concealed, began to intone the
Te Deum.
Their beautiful voices swelled to the
tones of the grand and solemn anthem
and seemed a fitting reparation to the
ceremony about to begin. At a quarter to
9 the diplomatic body and special envoys,
headed by the Count de Montebello, the
French Embassador, who in the inability
of the Turkish Embassador to be present
in a Greek church was the dean of the
diplomatic corps, slowly filed into the
sacred building. The choir continued
singing and at 9 o'clock the sound of
cheers and roars from the waiting throngs
outside announced the fact that the royal
party was approaching.
Shout after shout rose upon the air,
drums sounded, bells pealed and the
bands grouped in the creat square played
tbe national anthem.
At these sounds the Metropolitans of
Moscow, St. Petersburg and Kieff and sev
eral of the higher clergy proceeded to the
southern entrance of the cathedral. Then
through the throng was seen the great dig
nitaries of state, bearing tbe imperial in
signia, regaiia and coronation robes, which
they deposited in richly worked cushions
on a table near tbe throne.
The first of the imperial party to appear
was the Dowager Czarina, mother of the
Emperor, who came separately from the
Emperor and Empress and their attend
ants. The Dowager Empress wore a crown
and imperial mantle, and was accompa
nied by those members of the imperial
family who were not included in the Czar's
cortege and the ladies and officials of her
court.
Immediately after, amid tumultuous
shouts from outside, the Emperor and
Empress appeared at the door. Tney were
received by the clergy and escorted to the
steps of the altar. The Emperor was
dressed in the dark green and gold uni
form of a general of the guards, with high
boots. The Empress was dressed in a sil
ver robe with a long train, which was
borne by four paces. Arriving at the altar
steps the Metropolitan of Moscow and the
Grand Duke Sergius welcomed the Em
peror and Empress in the holy building.
The Metropolitan of St. Petersburg pre
sented tbe cross for them to kiss and the
Metropolitan of Kieff presented them with
the holy water. After bowing three times
before the altar and kissine the sacred im
ages their Majesties ascended the steps
and took their places in front of the altar
with their backs to the throne. The scene
was one of great beauty as the;imperial
couple stood awaiting the service which
was to proclaim them Emperor and Em
press of all the Russias.
The blaze of gold and silver, the bril
liancy of the uniforms and orders, the rich
ness of the Russian court toilettes worn by
the ladies, the sparkling and precious
gems, the clouds of incense rising from be
bink the ikonstas and pervading the
church, the solemn sweetness of the sing
ing which now again began, all contrib
uted to the splendor of tbe occasion. As
the Emperor and Empress entered the
cathedral the choir sang psalm 101, "Mis
ericordiam et judicium cantabo tibi Dom
ine."
The Metropolitan of St. Petersburg, as
the hymn of the choir ceased, stepped for
ward and handed the Emperor a missal,
saying: "Gratias Bpiritus Sancti sit seai
per tecum. Amen." And bidding him
read aloud the orthodox creed, which he
did in a voice audible to all. This was
followed by the reading of the Litany,
with prayers for God's blessing upon the
Czar's government. Tne choirs then
sang "God Is the Lord," with the re
sponse, "Lord Save Thy People."
The Metropolitans of Kieff and St.
Petersburg then assisted the Czar to don
the imperial mantle made of cloth of gold
lined with ermine, which was presented
on two golden cushions by the court cham
berlains.
After donnine the mantle the Emperor
assumed the diamond collar of St. An
drew, the Metropolitan of St. Petersburg
saying: "In nomine Patria et Filius et
Spiritua Sancti. Amen."
Then turning to the altar the Czar
bowed his head to the prelate of Novgorod,
who crossed bis hands upon his Majesty's
forehead and said : "May the Lord anoint
him with tne oil of joy; may he clothe
him with power and place upon bis head
a crown of precious stones of long life;
may he give into his right hand the scep
ter of salvr.tion, set him upon the throne
of righteousness and preserve with his
protection the established rule."
Immediately after this the Czar received
the crown from the Metropolitan of St.
MTEW TOJPAT.
2 W.
APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Bodi Pest, Hungary.
Considering the nature of the Hungarian Bitter
Water Springs, it must obviously be desirable for the
medical profession and the public to be assured authori-
tatively that the working of these Springs is carried on
in a scientific manner, and not merely on commercial
lines, and with this view the Uj Hunyadi Springs, from
which " Apenta " Water is drawn, are placed under the
absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
Prices : 10 Gents and 25 Cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS,
Sole Exporters:
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
Petersburg, and, standing in full sight of
all tbe people and still before the altar,
with both bands placed the crown upon
his head. Then taking his scapler, in
which blazed the famous Orloff diamond,
in his right hand and the globe of tbe em
pire in his left, he ascended the dais and
took his seat upon the throne, the Em
press still standing in her former place.
This was the supreme moment of all,
and when gazing around the church and
seeing representatives from nearly every
district of this mighty empire, and behold
ing tbe Czar sitting on his throne of state,
with the symbols of power given to him by
the highest authority in the land, one had
a realizing sense of the great power wielded
by the man in whose honor this great
function was held.
At the moment of taking his seat on the
throne the cannon of the arsenal thun
dered forth, the bells rang and the bands
massed outside playing the national an
them. The Emperor, after merely occu
pying the throne for a few seconds, rose,
and, placing tbe scepter and the globe on
the table by his side, turned to the Em
press, and, taking off his crown, touched
her forehead with it. She then knelt be
fore him on a crimson velvet cushion,
when the Emperor placed upon her head
her own crown, which is surmounted by a
large sapphire.
The Empress' ladies of honor fixed the
crown on her bead with a gold comb and
robed in her mantle of cloth of gold,
ermine lined, like the Emperor's. She was
also invested with the collar of St. Andrew
and was led to the throne by the Emperor
and remained seated at his side.
The Emperor then resumed his scepter
and orb and the clergy broke forth into the
magnificent anthem, "Domine salvum fac
lmperatorem." and "Domine salvum fac
Imperatricem," of course in the old
Blavonic tongue, the choir answering, "Ad
Muitos Annos."
The members of tbe imperial family and
the foreign princes now advanced and con
gratulated the imperial couple, while
others in the church bowed thrice toward
the throne, thus expressing their felicita
tions. Suddenly the cannon, bells and
bands ceased and a solemn silence ensued
when the Czar knelt and solemnly
uttered a fervent prayer. When the
Czar rose from bis knees the Metropolitan
of St. Petersburg began a prayer for the
Eir peror, at which every one in the cathe
dral knelt, with the exception of the Em
peror, who stood erect, wearing his crown.
: The Metropolitan then stepped forward
to the foot ol the dais and made a short
address to the Czar on the importance and
duties of his office. After the Emperor
had taken the scepter from the Metropoli
tan of St. Petersburg the choir sang the
Te Deum and the bells of the Kremlin
again rang oat.
Mass was then begun and after the con
secration of the elements, the Emperor,
the train of his coronation robe being
borne by the clergy, entered the sanctuary
behind the ikonastas and received com
munion. The Empress likewise received
communion, but kneeling at the sanctuary,
is women ' are not allowed within the
ikonastas. '•:;*
After the communion the Emperor and
Empress reascended their thrones, their
insignia being borne before them and all
of the court dignitaries being grouped
around them. The Czarjp chief almoner
then recited the prayers which follow the
communion.. ..--■•-;.
The ceremony was concluded .by each of
the anointed kissing a golden. ' crucifix
containing a sacred relic, vt uloh was held
by the Metropolis of ElefLj;..
The Emperor aad Empr&*. subsequently
dined in state iElihrfr&i^nie.ting hall of
the Granovitay3 woerfjig their im
perial crowns and mantles.'/ \
Among those bd /were' "> prL\ 'legedx I<y
enter the cathedral ■<■ vrit ness th.^ cere
monies were: H4n/" : .CUft6*o'r'j^.'/Breckin
ridge. United Stties/^MS&r,! f and; Mrs.
Breckinridt»e; General Jj, McDV McCook,
United States representative at the coro
nation, and -'Mrs/SficOookr/ and -'Admiral
Thomas 0. Selft\<lg», U. S.~ N.t
Among those -it. - the . tribune - near the
cathedral were Potter Palmer and his wife
and Mr. and Mrs. John A. Logan Jr.
The whole city to-night was one blaze of
light. The Kremlin was outlined in flame,
and everywhere the illumination was the
grandest ever seen here. .\ .-
It is believed that there was not a single
house in the entire city that did not dis
play illuminations in honor of ' the crown
ing of the Czar. Thousands upon thou
sands of electric and other lights were
used, and the scene was a most beautiful
one. :
The coronation banquet, which was
given at the Granovitaya Palace to-night,
was a most brilliant affair.
It was attended by the highest nobility,
the representatives of foreign powers and
the Ministers of State. . The Czar, Csarina
and Dowager Czarina sat in a kind of lose
and were waited upon by exalted state of
ficials.
THE LOCAL CELEBRATION.
Interesting Services Held at tbe
Greek Church.
Tbe patriotic Russians of this City at
tended the coronation services in the
Greet church on Powell street yesterday
morning. The chapel was decorated with
flowers, and the American and Russian
colors occupied numerous places within
and without the building.
The religious services were begun by
Bishop Nicholas, clothed in his splendid
vestments of gold and silver embroidery
and crowned with a jeweled mitre. He
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
was assisted by Archpriest Greencovitch
and Fathers Dimitri and Jacobs. The
liturgy, in Russian, was chanted by the
cantor M. Popoff, assisted by George Mit
ropolsky. Misses Ella and Mamie Dabo
vitch, Misses N. and X. Mitropolsky and
Mrs. Miller.
It was a beautiful and impressive service
and the full-toned choir, singing without
musical accompaniment, filled the pretty
and brilliantly deoorated chapel with a
noble melcdy.
At 11:30 the Te Deum was chanted be
fore the consular corps of the City and
many prominent American citizens, spe
cially invited by his Imperial Russian
Majesty's Consul, V. Artsirnovitch. That
portion of the chapel reserved for the
official guests was decorated with white,
red and blue, the Russian national colors.
Each Consul was in full uniform, making
an imposing military spectacle as they
stood listening to the elaborate ritual of
the Greek Catholic church.
Among the Americans present were
Chief Justice Beatty, Irving M. Scott,
Horace Platt and Edward Jerome. The
Hellenic and Slavonian societies of the
City were represented.
The coronation services proper were de
livered by Bishop Nicholas' a solemn invo
cation of divine blessings for the Em
peror, the ruler of tbe Russias, aud the
head of the Greek church.
At the close of the services in the chapel
the guests were entertained at a banquet
by Consul Artsimovitch and Bishop
Nicholas. The apartment and tables
were handsomely decorated with flowers
and the colors of the two countries. On
the walls were the portraits of the newly
crowned Emperor and Empress as well as
tbe late Emperor and the Dowager
Empress. At the handsome luncheon
provided toasts were drank to the two
sovereigns far away in Moscow, the ancient
capital of all the Russias. It was an im
posing spectacle around Powell and Fil
bert streets with a crowd of carriages at
the church gate and the white, blue and
red of Russia, tbe red, white and blue of
America waving over the green cross
tipped domes.
SUGAR BOUNTY CLAIMS,
Auditor Baldwin Busily at Work
Preparing Certificates of
Verification.
Later On, However, Bowler May
Again Tie Up Some of the
Payments.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 26.— 1n ac
cordance with yesterday's Supreme Court
decision, Auditor Baldwin of the Treasury
Department had the most experienced of
bis clerks at work to-day verifying bounty
claims embraced in the first section of tbe
bounty law, for which an appropriation of
1238,289 was made.
The claimants are maple-sugar, beet and
cane producers. The amounts in the main
are small, the claimants being such as
were not paid a bounty upon sugar pro-,
duced by them previous to August 28, 1894,
when the McKinley law was repealed.
Auditor Baldwin told the Call corre
spondent that he would put an extra force
of clerks at work on the claims as soon as
possible,, with a view of expediting their
payment. He hopes to he able to dispose
of from 100 *.o 150 claims a day. As a rule
it taies about ten days for tile certi&;£.*e
of the Auditor upon which a warrant is
based to reach the Commissioner of Inter
nal Revenue. Auditor Baldwin told the
correspondent that he hoped by diligent
work to be able to dispose of all the claims
of this class by the end of the present fiscal
year, wmen expires June 30. No claims
under the second clause of the county law,
appropriating $5,000,000, have as yet
reached Auditor Baldwin. That clause
makes provision for the compensation of
sugar producers who complied with the
McKinley law by filing notices, etc., prior
to July 1, 1894, and who would have been
entitled to receive a license. These claims,
as a rule, are for large amounts and will
not exceed 600 in number.
The sum provided by Congress will be
inadequate to satisfy * the claims filed, a
deficit of a little over a million being an
ticipated. The work of prorating them,
which has just been agreed upon, will fall
to the lot of the Auditor's office, but how
soon this will be done Mr. Baldwin was
to-day unable to say. Commissioner Mil
ler was also ignorant as to when he would
be able to forward them to the Auditor for
verification and . pro rata. ■ This is a very
important matter, for in it lurks an ele
ment of danger to sugar-producers. Unless
these claims or the warrants to satisfy
them . can be . placed in the hands of
Comptroller Bowler before the expiration
of the present fiscal year be will have it in
his power, by a captious ruling, to declare
that the bill carrying the appropriation
for their -payment has lapsed, and he
may refuse to pay them.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Huntington Telia White the Funding
Bill WHI Past.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 26.—Sena
tor White met C. P. Huntington in the
corridor of the Senate to-day. The rail
road magnate was surrounded by his faith
ful retainers. Senator White, who is al
ways a good-humored individual, called
out: "Say, Huntington, I wish you would
tell me whether you are going to call up
your funding bill. I am anxious to get
home." The old railroad magnate an
swered, as cool as a cucumber: "Why,
certainly it will come up. Senator, and it
will pasts, too."
Senator White, however, is strongly of
opinion that it will not come up in the
Senate or House at this session, as ad
journment is only about two weeks off.
Judge Maguire agrees with him.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — George W. Strunk,
Needles: William H. Fowler, Red Bluff;
Jeremiah Spurgeon, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles. Increase— lgnacy Roseanski, San
Francisco.
Oregon: Original— Willis K. Gresßey,
Independence. Additional — Freeman N.
Brezee, Astoria.
Washington: Original widows, etc. —
Julia A. Farnum (mother), Puyaliup.
Alonma Waiting* Trial.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. May 26.— The trial
of Alonzo Walling, indicted for the mur
der of Pearl Bryan, for which Scott Jack
son stands convicted, was called in tue
Campbell (Ky.) Circuit Court this morn
ing. It is probable the jury will be made
up to-morrow. Colonel George Washing
ton is chief counsel for the defense.
Colonel R. W. Nelson will again assist in
the prosecution. Judge Helm will give
his decision to-morrow regarding the ap
plication made by Colonel Crawford, Jack
son' s attorney, fora new trial.
ff'it/iout Cleveland* Approval.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 26.— The
bill authorizing a bridge across the Mis
souri River near Booneville, Mo., has be
come a law without the President's ap
proval.
h. I yen Pert on a' Drowned.
CAIRO, 111., May 28.— The ferry-boat
Katherine capsized this morning and
eleven persons were drowned. The bodies
of Richard Turman, Miss Bertha Stanley
and George Davis were recovered. The
boat righted herself and lies with her
stern considerably sunken.
IN THE WAKE OF
THE MUD CLOUDS,
Death and Devastation Mark
the Track of the
Cyclone.
ITS FURY IN MICHIGAN,
More Than Forty Persons Killed
and Many Injured in
the Storm.
SCENES OF EOEROR REMAIN.
Hundreds of Homes Reduced to
Splinters During the Pranks
of the Winds.
DETROIT, Mich., May 26.— The cyclone
which devastated the northern portion of
Oakland County last evening swept a path
half a mile wide and sixteen miles long
from west to east, clearing the earth of
nearly everything movable. About forty
persons were killed outright and fully
that number were injured, some of whom
will die.
The cyclone first struck earth bix miles
west of Ortonvilie and passed half a mile
north of that village. In these six miles
of devastated country before Ortonvilie
was reached fifteen persons were killed
and about twenty injured, some fatally.
The first house to feel the effects of the
storm was that of Joshua Johnson. The
storm had not obtained all of its fury and
the building was partially demolished, Mr.
Johnson escaping injury and his wife and
baby being only slightly injured.
A mile further east stood the home and
barns of William Mitchell, not a trace of
which is left but the foundation walls.
Mrs. Mitchell, her son, Claude, and a baby,
Jay Mitchell, nine months old, were in
stantly killed. The father was seriously
bruised and internally injured, and will
probably die. A big sliver was driven
square into the center of his forehead. All
of his stock was killed. Don, another
son. is seriously hurt.
There is nothing but foundations to show
where the home of Abram Quick, who
lived across the way, stood. Six occupants
of the house were killed and one was seri
ously injured. Prescott Wilkins, one of
those killed in the Quick home, had
reached there on a visit but an hour be
fore the cyclone tor its way through.
The home of Henry Flamboy was next
destroyed, and himself, bis wife and two
children seriously injured. A mile east of
Flamboy 's the cyclone demolished the
house of John Porritt. The death list in
in this home reaches four. The wind
cloud passed on and next wrecked the
home of Benjamin Westby. Mr. Westby,
hi» wife and two children were buried in
the w rains, but "were ; , got out with
severe injuries. /
John Frost: was the next victim of the
storm. His bouse was completely wrecked
and his wife seriously hurt.
The home of John Milkie, on a line with
Ortonvilie, was unharmed, but his barns
were wiped out. Mr. Milkie and his son
John, aged 18, were in a barn when it was
demolished. The son was instantly killed
and the father is in a critical condition.
The list of killed and injured in this six
miles is as follows: Mrs. William Mitchell,
Claude Mitchell, her son; J. Mitchell, a
baby son; Abram Quick. Glen Quick, a six
year-old son Myrtle Quick, a four-year
old daughter; : Ross Quick, a baby son;
Mrs. Henry Quick, mother of Abram
Quick; Prescott Wilkins of Mayville, 60
years old ; John Porritt, 75 years old ; Mrs.
Joseph Porritt, his daughter-in-law; Mrs.
Lewis Porritt, a daughter-in-law; Mrs.
William Kitchen, Abram Kitchen, John
Milkie Jr.
Injured: Mrs. Joshua Johnson, leg
broken; Baby Johnson, not seriously in
jured; William Mitchell, fatally; Den
Mitchell, his' son, will recover; Mrs.
Abram Quick will recover; Joseph Por
ritt, fatally; William Kitchen, seriously:
John Milkie, seriously; 'Henry Flamboy,
fife and two children, not seriously ; Ben
jamin Weatby, wife and two children, not
serious; Mrs. John Prost, seriously; John
Milkie may die; Oscar Granger, tatally;
Mrs. John Whipple, seriously. .
la the next half-dozen miles between
Ortonville and the little settlement of
Oak wood the cyclone seemed to lose some
of its force, or the farmers living in that
section were particularly lucky. The cy
clone traveled the road as straight as an
arrow's flight, spreading out or contract
ing as it went along. '
About 'eighteen farmhouses were de
stroyed In the path of the storm from Or
tonvilie to Oakwood, but only two persons
were killed. Four others ' were probably
fatally injured and eight or ten more or
less seriously hurt. The names of the
dead in this section are Mrs. CJark Eaton
and Ed Fineld.
Fatally injured: Harvey Francis, Mrs.
Ed Fitield, Nelson Chapman. Injured:
Mr. and Mrs. Sylverton Smith and two
children, Mrs. Green, John Clark, Mrs.'
Francis and children.
The cloud struck Oakwood almost with
out warning and there is little left of that
village. The Methodist Episcopal and
Congregational churches, the Town Hall,
practically all the business houses and
most of the residences were left in ruins.
Nine persons were killed in the village and
many injured.
Those who met death were: Mrs. N. B.
Wolverton, Mrs. Ed Howe, Miss Mina
Howe, Orrin Howe (a two-year-old baby),
Mrs. Wells, Eugenia Fifleld, Mrs. Jessie
May Fifield, Labbie Davidson, Mrs. SteV
art, Baby Davis.
Those seriously injured are: Mrs. Kate
Davidson, may die; Bertram Davidson,
may die; George Fifield, leg broken and
knee cap torn off; Will Carr, arm broken
and back wrenched; James Brush, arm
broken ; Mrs. Anna Tinsey of Pontiac,
several ribs broken.
The three-mile stretch from Oakwood to
Thomas is a scene of heartrending desola
tion and wreckage. Everything in the
path of the cyclone was leveled. In and
around Thomas the death list is large and
many are injured. The dead and injured
between Oakwood and Thomas and in the
latter village are:
Dead— airs. Vanwagoner, Charles Hicks,
Rev. C. M. Pretchyplano, Andrew Petti
grew, M. Bremeyer.
Injured — Leroy Hicks, skull crushed;
William Althouse, internal injuries; Mrs.
R. Coppeman, internally and seriously;
Charles Bradley, arm crushed; Amy Kid
der, crashed by timbers, probably fa
tally; Abram Reed, arm broken; Mrs. A
M. Kidder, badly bruised by debris;
George Hibler, both legs and an arm
broken; Joe , a farmhand employed
by Dr. Suiter, head bruised.
After completing its work of destruction
at Thomas, the cyclone evidently sepa
rated, one section going northeast and do
ing an immense amount of damage be
tween Thomas and Dryden, in Lapeer
County, and the other following a south
westerly direction to North Oxford.
The list of dead at and near North Ox
ford is as follows : Claire E. Laidlaw, three
weeks' old baby; Mrs. Oscar Slade, 36
years old ; Sol E. Rame, Tom Bishop, Jo
seph Smedley Br., Joseph Smedley Jr.,
Mrs. Tnomas Bennett at Dryden ; one un
known man and woman at Whigville.
Injured— Neil luathewson, Oscar Slade,
leg broken ; George Besse, head hurt; Will
Allen, cut on head; Mrs. Will Allen,
bruised; Mrs. A. Pettibone, Beverecuts:
Thomas Bennett, three ribs broken, recov
ery doubtful; Mrs. Joseph Smedley Sr.,
probably fatally; Mrs. Joseph Smedley
Jr., slightly injured; John Peters, slightly.
After leaving North Oxford, the path of
the cyclone is marked at intervals until
Mount Clemens is reached, where
great damage was (Jon* and many persons
injured. The inju.ed are: Mrs. Anna
Pohl, a widow, back broken, cannot live;
Henry Pohl, aged 14, hip broken, injured
internally; Adolph Pohl, aged 12, right
leg broken, bruised about shoulders and
body ; Willie Pohl, aged 15, injured inter
nally and right lee broken, recovery doubt
ful; Mrs. Josenh Harder, injured inter
nally, cut about head and arms; Russell
Carter, head and face cut; Mrs. Russell
Carter, injured internally, breast and
shoulders bruised, recovery doubtful;
Baby Carter, head badly cut; Gustavo
Cutche, cut on head and right arm broken ;
Mrs. William Ormsby, left arm broken and
badly cut on face; Miss Anna Belle Teavo,
left arm broken, right arm injured, skull
fractured.
The next heard from this storm is near
Walkerville, Ontario, twenty miles due
south of Mount Clemens. The cyclone
evidently expended its force after striking
Canada, as no other reports of damage
have been received.
After passing Dryden and Whigville, in
Lapeer County, the next heard from the
other storm was in Sanilac County, thirty
miles away, at the village of A mad ore,
which was nearly swept away. The fun
nel-shaped cloud struck a mile west of the
village and in a path half a mile wide and
six and a half miles long, to the shore of
Lake Huron, every building was more
or less damaged.
Tuscaio County was also visited by a
windstorm of cyclonic violence last even
ing. Nearly every building in the path of
the storm, which started near Gilford and
traveled directly east for six miles, was
destroyed. Joseph Mabelburg was hit by
a flying board and instantly killed.
August, Julius, Fred and Edward Haske,
Mrs. Julius Haske ana Mrs. Urbane were
more or less seriously injured.
SCORES MADE HOMELESS.
Havoc and Death Caused by the Storm
in lowa. -
DES MOINES, lowa, May 26.— re
ports from the storm-stricken country in
this and Jasper counties which have been
received to-day indicate that the storm's
havoc is even worse than was at first sup
posed. The property loss is much larger
than :tV3B'iSrought: tV3B'iSrought to be yesterday. r Xne^
list of dead is now over a score, and it is
probable there will be five or six more
deaths, as there are a number of victims
in a critical condition.
Mrs. ; Charles , Phelan of Valeria is ex
pected to die at any time. She.was the
mother of the Charles Phelan family, six
of whose nine members are now dead.
Their funerals were held to-day at Valeria,
and the six coffins were buried in the same
grave, in the presence of an immense
throng of people. Mrs. Schell, who lives
at the home of William Osborne, has died
of her injuries. The others of the Osborne
family will recover. Mrs. Celia Whitney
has died. She was an aged lady and very
poor. She lived with Mr. and Mrs. Dong
las Akin, who had a child killed.
Relief parties were sent through the dis
trict to-day from Dcs Moines and Colfax
and public meetings will be held here to
morrow to raise funds to help the desti
tute.
Fully two score of homes have been
wiped out of existence; in every case
there is no salvage at all. Some of the
families are very poor and it will be neces
sary to raise several thousand dollars.
Most of the property damaged was north
east of Valeria in Jasper County. The
Supervisors of Polk and Jasper counties
will meet to-morrow to appropriate funds
for the relief work.
ATTEMPT TO UREAS. JAIL.
But Xo Ono Excaprd and One Convict.
Ha* Hilled.
HUNTSVILLE, Tex,, May 26.— What
came near being a serious outbreak at the
penitentiasy occurred Sunday night at 10
o'clock. Quince Wilkerson, 30 years old,
unlocked bis cell and then released four
others. They repaired to the window in
the east wall and to a solid bar of iron at
tached a dynamite bomb or cartridge and
attempted to light it, but it failed to work.
A guard on the outside, seeing the men
in the corridor, demanded their surrender
and began tiring on them. C. A. Alexan
der, a guard, seeing a man running to
ward him poked his gun through the bars
and fired. The entire load of buckshot en
tered Quince Wilkerson's body, killing him
instantly.
The others all scampered down the posts
and got into their cells. The bomb ex
ploding would probably have wrecked tbe
east wall and killed many men, but the
prison wall yet remained to be overcome
before the outside was reached.
SAMUEL PENCE'S DUAL LIFE.
Story of Duplicity Revealed by a Petition
Application,
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 26.— Investigation
of the application for a pension of Mrs.
Frederics Pence of this city brought to
light yesterday * the dual life of Samuel
Pence, who recently died here. It showed
that Pence has for more than thirty years
concealed from his second wife the fact
that . within twenty miles - from < Toledo
there lived a woman to whom he was
legally married and - from whom he had
never been divorced; that during, those
thirty years, while rearing a family of five
children here, he had two sons growing up
in Cleveland, the result of the first mar*
r iaee, and who now reside in the Foest
City with their mother. When Pence
came here - from Cleveland l which was
shortly after he had served his term of en
listment in a regiment that participated in
the rebellion, he had a friend Write to his
wife :" that he had died in Goshen, Ind.
Mr =>. Pence No. 1 accepted the statement
without question and never made ; . any in
vestigation.' The marriage to the ? second
Mrs. Pence followed. J
The Raines Law Hold:
ALBANY, N. V., May 26.— The Court of
Appeals has unanimously declared the
Raines liquor law constitutional. Chief
Justice Andrews wrote the opinion. It
was in the case of Einsfeld against the
New York City Excise Board.
CONVERTED INTO A
REVENUE MEASURE,
An Amendment Tacked on
to Sherman's Filled
Cheese Bill.
EXTRA TAX ON BEER.
Dubois' Method for Making Up
the Amount of the Pres
ent Deficiency.
LOSS OF A MOTIOW TO TABLE IT.
Final Conference Report on the Legis
lative, Executive and Judicial
Appropriations Agreed To.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 26.— The
House measure known as the "filled
cheese" bill came up before the Senate to
day under the lead of Senator Sherman,
who reported it from the Senate Commit
tee on Finance. Its object is to discourage
the manufacture and sale of an adulter
ated article of food by imposing a heavy
license on manufacturers and wholesale
dealers, and its supporters advocated its
passage, not as a revenue measure, but as
a protection to dairymen and the general
public.
After a couple of pension bills had been
passed unanimous consent was asked by
Sherman (R.) of Ohio to take up the filled
cheese bill, but objection was made by
Harris (D.) of Tennessee, who said no
agreement could be made about that bill.
The request for unanimous consent was
thereupon changed by Sherman into a
motion to take up the bill, and that mo
tion was agreed to — ayes 36, noes 14.
The filled-cheese bill was then taken up,
and an amendment was offered to it by
Dubois (R.) of Idaho to impose an addi
tional tax of 75 cents a barrel on beer.
Sherman moved to lay the amendment
on the table, which was defeated Dy a vote
of 25 to 30.
The amendment being before the Senate,
Vilas opposed it, declaring that if the Sen
ators desired to kill a meritorious bill — a
bill to prevent the constant and continued
perpetration of injurious and shameful
frauds on farmers— the adoption of the
amendment was a very skillful means to
defeat it utterly and entirely.
Cubois referred to the situation as a lu
dicrous one. Senators were censured be
cause they could not agree to reduce reve
nue, but those who expressed their disgust
were those who would raise revenue only
in their own way.
Mills advocated the amendment and
criticized the position of Vilaa.
Without action on the beer amendment
the filleo-cheeseibill went over and Butler's
bond bill was taken up, Pritchard (B.) of
North Carolina addressing the Senate.
Quoting from Sherman's speech in tne last
Congress against tbe use of the "resump
tion fund" for ordinary expenditures, he
said nothing had occurred to change his
mind since that speech was made. The
misapplication of public funds had to be
prevented, and there were only two ways
to prevent it. One way was to pass an
emergency protective tariff measure, and
the other was to take from the Secretary of
tne Treasury the power to issue bonds ana
increase the public debt when there was no
necessity for such conduct.
Lindsay (D.) of Kentucky opposed the
bond bill, expressing the belief that its
passage would result in a suspension of
specie payments within sixty days.
At the close of Lindsay's speech the
bond bill went over without action.
The conference report on the legislative
appropriation bill was explained by Cul
lom (R.) of Illinois. The Senate amend
ment in regard to register of copyrights,
he said, had been receded from. The
amendment fixing the time for the meet
ing of the New Mexico Legislature on the
Ist of July, 1896, had been changed so as
to make the time the 30th of June, 1897.
The provision as to tbe Attorney-General
designating where United States commis
sioners are to be appointed had been
changed so as to give the authority to the
District Judge, and the provision as to
deputy clerks of United Btates courts had
been changed so as to allow the deputy
clerKs of circuit or district courts to act
as commissioners with tbe approval of
the judge.
The conference report on the sundry
civil appropriation bill was presented and
explained by Allison (R.) of lowa. Alli
son stated the position of tbe. House con
ferees in opposition to the increase of limit
of cost of public buildings. That was the
case in relation of buildings in Kansas
City, Mo ; , Omaha and other places. The
House conferees also disputed the amend
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness of
life until after you haTe suffered and
nave been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretful, fitful creature—
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to eet Mr. McKeniie's
nerve treatment. Call or write.
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsaparilla 65c
Paine's Compound 60c
Munyon's 15c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BILDWIH PHARMCT
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders Promptly Attneded To,
ment for the proposed changes in the NflW
York'oostoffice building. They receded,
however, from their disagreement as to
Los Angeles, and as to the %iew postolfice
building in Washington, D. C.
The partial report was adopted and a
further conference ordered, and after an J
executive session at 6:15 p. m. the Senate
adjourned until to-morrow.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
He pea I of a Section, of th* Wilton Bill
Relating to Alcohol for Arts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 26.— Witn
an amendment the House to-day by a vote
of 165 to 69 passed the bill repealing sec
tion 61 of the Wilson tariff bill of 1894,
which provides for free alcohol iv the arts
•nd manufactures.
The affirmative vote was composed C\
104 Republicans, 56 Democrats and 5 Pop
ulists, the negative vote of 60 Republicans
and 9 Democrats. The amendment was
adopted as revised by the Committee ou
Ways and Means, providing for the ap
pointment of a joint committee of three
Senators* and three Representatives to sit
during the recess and investigate the sub
ject and report at the next session of Con
gress.
There was vigorous opposition to the
bill by many States in the interest of
manufacturers, but the opposition were un
aDle to muster enough votes to defeat it.
The House disagreed to all the Senate
amendments, to the general deficiency ap
propriation bill referring to the Bowman
act. As to the claims contained in this
act it was decided to pass upon them to
morrow. The Indian appropriation bill
was presented and agreed* to.
The Presidents veto of the bill for the
relief of B. F. Jones, ex-postmaster at
Beauregard, Mass., was read and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The contest of Johnson (R.) vs. Stokes
(D.) from the Seventh District of North
Carolina was taken up and Jenkins
(R.) of Wisconsin opened the debate in
support of the committee report in favor
of Stokes, the sitting member. Without
concluding his speech he yielded the floor
and at 5 :45 o'clock the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
To lie Consul at Chefoo.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 26.— Th^.
Senate to-day confirmed the following^
nomination: John Fowler of Massachu
setts, Consul at Chefoo, China.
SEW TO-PAY.'
Hello, Roos Bros. ! Ijk]
Good luck to your great Coronation
Sale.
But say— big crowd soared me off
yesterday ; I see it's "worse to-day.
Wish you'd reserve me one of those
$10 suits you are selling at $5 50,
You've eot my measure.
Eh! What's that?
Oh, sure ! I want a pair of those
$2 50 "pants. Got a pair almost like
them at $3 75— "wholesale prices," you
know.
And put away a 7 3-8 Fedora Hat
at 75c.
This man is a close acon«intance. For other*
a protnpt personal call beats the telephone.
■«r^2g"-3|-33:35-37
Prompt attention to mall orders.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford -:-
$40, $50, $60, $75. :< >
Phoenix "Stands the Racket'
$100.
The guarantee of the Crawford same as that
given with 100 wheels. .
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
1510 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
A -. • •
SURPRISE ...
Awaits all the wearers of stylish summer foot.
gear. On all sides arises the question, "How can
they be sold so cheap?" Ad' easy one for us to
answer. Oars is a large store that does a lares
business, situated within the easy access of all, yet
"south of Market," where high rents and out*
landish expenses are unknown.
Our £
New $2.50
Tans
In all the late shapes, either in cloth or kid top*
lace or button, the finest tan kid used in the
uppers, shade the dark chocolate that is In
demand, finest sewed soles, yet the OO p
price Is <£)AmO\J
All oat of the town orders tent on same day
received. . .
Send for the Sullivan catalogue: just out: show*
all the new shapes at the right prices. .
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
•;jiMjA&g&S&,) «,■ FIFTY-DOLLAR
JPSMI ELECTRIC BELTS
■gft~>-j&ii££— *tdm I? OR «25: *40 BELTS
jSygOtngeTOs&SJr & *<* *20, and 30 Beit«
Rt^W. -LiFiyaFW- for *15: also good belts for
j!?f* saEKeT^r" * 5 * Lat * 8t patent and all
' ' "'. *' '.'•cyr :■■'. w Improvements. MBT Call
«v3i> ,'■,' or write for new pamphlet
■•- '; ,r*« ■.-... No. 2. Address DB,
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearnjr,
second, third and fourth floors. San Francisco.
•;,- ■■■:.-. v --,-y -,•■.• ■■■'.'. ■ ■ : ■ ■■■; - - ;• ",-:>;,'■■
BDIIAUPO FOR BARBERS. BAR.
KKIISHrS"- '"""blacks. baiHM
•Ml WW ilk houses, billiard- tab! tv^
brewers, bookbinders, ■ candy-makers, canners. '
dyers, ,.- flourmllls, s foundries, laundries, ■ paper-
- bangers, • printers, painters, - shoe factories, staUl*> I
Bun, tar- roof era, tanners, tailors, etc.
_, BO CHAM AN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 SacruinentaSUPRICE SET ON
HERMANS' HEAD,
Rejwards Offered for the!
jkrrest of the Fugitive
f Preacher.
rftESH PROOF OF GUILT.
Clothing Taken From One of
His Victims Distributed
as Presents.
ONE BODY IS SHIPPED AWAY.
Detectives Claim That They Can Con
vict the Salt Lake Murderer
if Captured.
SALT LAKE, Utah, -May 28.— The de
velopments in th« Scandinavian church
murders were meager to-day compared
■with yesterday. The search in the church
for the remains of Miss Samuelson proved
fruitless and tbe officers have come to the
conclusion that whatever the murderer
may have done with the body, it is not
in or about the church. Other develop
ments go to chow that the pastor disposed
of the clothing of Miss Bamueison in
various ways.
The Rev. Mr. Ellefson of Ephraim, of
this State, says that Mr. Hermans visited
with his family a few days prior to his
tinal departure from Salt Lake, on May
H. and then said that he was anxious that
Mrs. Ellefson should have some articles
of remembrance of Hermans' deceased
wife and asked her to accept as such
a quantity of ladies' underclothing.
The developments of the past few days
lead Mr. Eliefson to examine these gar
ments minutely, when he found that they
•were all marked with the initials "A. K.
iS." those of Miss Anna K. Samuelson.
It also appears that Hermans presented a
number of handkerchiefs to Mrs. Mork,
wife of Presiding Elder Mork of Brigharu
City, before he left for the East, and some
of these also bear the initials "A. K. S."
It has also been learned that on Febru
ary 18, about three weeks after Miss Sam
uelbon disappeared. Rev. Mr. Hermans paid
a visit to Butte, Mont-, and that he took
with him two heavy trunks, on which he
paid excess baggage. A letter was to-day
leceived from Rev. Mr. Melbv, Scandinav
ian Methodist minister at Butte, by Presid
ing Eider Mork, stating that Hermans sold
a trunic and a quantity of ladies' under
clothing when he was in Butte at that
time. These .circumstances confirm the
detectives' theory that Hermans mur
dered Miis Samuelson and shipped the re
mains in a iarge wooden box which he
had made about the time she disappeared.
in regard to Miss Clauson, the officers
declare that there is no longer a shadow
of a doubt that Hermann is her murderer.
They say that never before have they been
able to forge co complete and strong a
chain of' circumstantial evidence in any
case of great concern as in this. The po
lice here incline to the belief that Her
mans is hiding in Chicago, and Rev. Mr.
Mork says he had friends in tbe western
part of that city.
Governor Wells to-day offered a reward
of $500 for the capture of the preacher, and
private subscriptions to about an equal
amount have been sent in, so that the
price on the pastor's head is about $1000
and increasing.
Dentist Keyser ha* identified the teeth
found among the ashes in the furnace in
the church basement as being identical
with those he made for Mias Clauson in
1891.
m
WAS SEEN IN CHICAGO.
Hen^ant Belter rd to Be in Biding at
the Lake City.
CHICAGO, 111., May 26.— Rev. Francis
Hermans, tbe Salt Lake preacher wanted
in that city, was in Chicago last Saturday
and is believed to be here still. On Satur
day evening a travel-stained man carrying
a grip and answering to the description of
Hermans was seen at the corner of Sixty
fourth street and Stoney Island avenue.
The local police have been notified that
Hermans was seen, and Captain Snippy
and his men are scouring their district in
the hope that he has not departed.
Hermans is a striking-looking man and
easy to identify. He has red hair and red
mustache, wears goid eye-glasses, clerical
garb and speaks with an accent. Men in
tbe garb of priest, with red hair and gold
eye-glasses are not uncommon, hut when
a red mustache is added to this the com
bination is very rare.
The man who was at Stoney Island ave
nue and Sixty-fourth street answered in
every detail the description of Hermans.
He was travel-stained and carried a small,
battered gripsack. That he was an abso
lute stranger in Chicago he proved when
be stopped a man and asked him the bent
and quickest and cheapest way to get to
South Chicago. Then he asked if the elec
tric cars going to South Chicago and West
Pullman were not the best for Mm to take.
He was told that the Alley "L" at Sixty
third and Stoney Island was the route
which met his requirements, and seemed
surprised. He did not go to the "L" sta
tion directly, however, but merely thanked
the man he had asked for the information
and remained standing at the corner. He
was there half an hour later.
ONLY TWO FAFORATEN WON.
Cora Havill and Dick Behan Capture
Race* at Laketide.
CHICAGO, 111., May , 26.— Cora Havill
and Dick Beban were the only winning
favorites at Lakeside to-day. The sport
was rather tame and a very small' crowd
.was in attendance.
Five and V half furlongs, Cora ' Havill won,
Mr. Dunlap second, Pontlear third. ' Time,
1 :05»J4. '. -fmpetit
Four . and a half furlongs, . Harry - Gwynn
won, Snag second, Miss Chambers third. Time,
:....' 4 ' • . .'- ,■■ 7..-. .-..-■
One mile, : Toots won, Nlkita second, Sim
mons third. Time. 1-43"'
Six furlongs, Dick Behan won, Helen Wren
second, Rubber Neck third. Time, I:l4J^. -
Six furlongs, (ilenold won; May fern second,
Sullross third. -Time, 1:151^. .- - ■ , '-
Five and a half, ft|rion «, Excuse won, Mary
L second, Hinda third. / Time, 1 :09^.
FAIR ' GROUNDS, ST. LOUIS. Mo.. May
26-— Magnet, a 1 to 8 favorite, in the fourth
race, broke the five-eighths of a mile track
record, held ; by Sidkel-1 :01>^— made last
October, by finishing in 1:01. ..
Sis furlongs, 'En'rl Cochran won, Suspender
second, Senator Hill third. - Time 1-KiU --> •
Five furlongs, Celoso wonTßetncnlber lie sec
ond. Buck V lucre third." Time, 1 03
One mile, Whisper won, Tom Elmore second,
Jmiuilda third. Time, A... :•' ■ •-•• i*_ • -:■« \
Five furlongs: Magnet won. George F. Smith
eecond, David third.. Time, 1:01. *.ii\> .
One' mile \ and a sixteenth, Sunburst won.
Bing Binger second, Billy McKenzle third.
Time, 1:51.
Six furlongs, Constantine won. Dora Wood
second, Damocles third. Time, lrldVa-
MORRIS PAKK RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 26.— Though an excellent programme
bad been arranged for to-day a heavy rain
storm this morning changed the going
conditions and as a result tne card was
mined by withdrawals. The principal
event was the race for the Laureate stakes
lor two-year-olds. Bastian too* the lead
and made all the running. He clearly
outclassed his fiela and won by a good
neck from Haphazard.
High weight handicap, six and a half tur
longs, Shakespeare II won, Rosedale second,
>Vhippany ihird. Time, I:'J3'...
One mile, Volley won. Abuse second, Benamie
third. Time, 1 :4J).
The Laureate, five furlongs, Bastian won,
Haphazard second, The Friar third. Time,
1 '.03.
One mile, Hanwell won, Deerslayer second, i
Aurelian third. Time. 1 :42.
Five furlongs, Eidolin won, Azure second, j
The if anxrnan third. Time, l:02 l i.
One mile and a sixteenth, Premier won, Prig
second, Cromwell third. Time. 1 :5<».
OAKLKY RACETRACK, May 2<r. — Sum
maries: Selling, five furlongb, Ethel Lee won.
Red second, Viscount third. Time, 1 :03? i
Selling, six furlongs, Joe Clarke won, Hul
bert second, Richfiold third. Time, 1 :17H-
Seven furlongs, Leonaise won. Crusader sec
ond, Hardenburg third. Time, l:3l}£.
Half a mile. Sapphire stakes, Cleonhaa won,
Amiable second, Imp third. Time. :50?£.
One mile, Aiuia Lyle won, James Monroe
second, Paul Pry third. Time, 1 :44.
Selling, six furlongs, Harry Shannon won,
Sir Dilke second, John Havlin third. Time,
1:15J4.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
■Brooklyn Player* lie feat Louisville on
the Home Grounds.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 26.-Two
thousand people greeted the Brooklyn
players > to-day on their return from the
disastrous Western , trip. '- The home
players came within a hair of again losing,
but Kennedy steadied down when men
were on - the ■- bases. • ■■'-■ Clarke's catch ?of
a long drive was the feature. Score: '
Brooklrns ".........0 3001 000 o—4 9. 2
Loulsvilles...... 0000 10 o— 3 9 0
Batteries — Kennedy and i Burrlll; McDermou
•nd Miller. Umpire— Weidman.
WASHINGTON, D. C.; May 26.— The
Washington team returned home to-day
after a trip vof twenty -one games and
played , about as listless and mediocre a
game of baseball as has ever been wit
nessed here. Mercer's pitching was ex
ceedingly weak, but owing to this being
ladies' day he was kept in the box. On
the other hand the Cincinnati team gave
a wholesome exhibition of the National
game. Attendance 9000. Score: :
Washington* 00 2 110 10 0- 11 6
I Cincinnat15.. .......... 830 140 o—lß -JO 2
Batteries— Mercer and McQaire; Dwyer and
Vaugh. Umpire— Hurst.
: BALTIMORE, Mp., May 26.-Hart was
effective to-day until the fourth inning,
when six singles, a two bugger and two
passes to first netted the champions seven
runs. Kissinger, ' • who " relieved him, did
little better. Both teams played a fast
game in the , field, j .. Attendance, i 2816.
j Score: ■ : , . ;■ •
Baltimore*. 0007 0 2 0 4 0-13 15. v l
. St. Ixjuls 200001000—3 8-3
Batteries— Mc.Mahou and ' Robinson; Hart -~ and
Murpliy. Umpire— Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA, j Pa.. May 26. -The
Phillies defeated Chicago to-day by supe
; rior all round play. Orth was ■invincible,
! and held the Westerners down to five
! hits. Hulen's work at short 1 was notable.
| Attendance, 4000. Score:
Philadelphias.. 02 0 1000 50— 8 12 1
Chicago* .:......:;... .0000001 00— 1.' 5 1
.. Batteries— Ortli and Clements: Friend and Kltt
red?e. Umpires— Henderson and Campbell.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 26.— Five thou
j sand persons welcomed "the New Yorks
i home from their Western trip to-day and
: went wild over the victory scored over the
j Clevelands. Both pitchers did well, and
I the battle teemed with brilliant plays.
I Weather cloudy and warm. Score: j
New Yorks 2000001 0 2-5* 12 6
j C1eve1ahda... ....... ......00 120 1000—4 10 4
j Batteries— Clarke and Wilson: Cnppy and 2im-
I mer. Umpire — Sheridan.
LIGHTING WITHOUT WIRES
Wonderful Electrical Inventions
Being Made by Tesla
and Edison.
The Introduction of a More Perfect
Illuminant Is Now Neai
at Hand.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 28.— The Eiec
trical Review in its last issue announced
by authority that Nikola Tesla had per
fected his vacuum-tube system of electric
lighting without wires, the possibilities of
which he first brought to public notice
| about five years ago in a lecture beforp the
! American Institute of Electrical Engi
neers. This light is whiter, more brilliant
and more intense than the arc light and is
produced with a much smaller amount of
electrical energy. A laboratory photo
! graph has been made by means of this
light with an exposure of only two sec
onds. The details in the photograph are
remarkably fine. Tesla states that his ap
paratus has been greatly simplified and be
will soon have it ready for practical use.
Working on different lines, Thomas A.
Edison has, according to the Electrical
Review, to be published to-morrow, suc
ceeded in developing a new kind of electric
lamp or vacuum tube, by means of which
j the Roentgen X rays are turned into pure
white light. Edison's new lamp is an
ordinary Crookes tube, coated on the in
terior surface with crystals of a new fluor
escing substance which fie has discovered,
| some of tungstate of culcium. The X rays
in passing through this coating of crystals
are changed -to light. Very little heat is
1 generated, and nearly the whole of the
j electrical energy expended is transformed
into light. Tlie new lamp is used in place
| of a Crookes tube, with the ordinary X ray
J apparatus.
Mr. Edison believes that there are great
possibilities in his discovery, and is now
enthusiastically at work perfecting his ap
paratus in to commercial form. He expects
that before long he will so develop ii that
it may be used with high economy on an
ordinary incandescent circuit.
Electrical and scientilic people are
eagerly watching the outcome of the work
of these two great inventors on this im
portant subject, ffhe Electrical Review
says editorially: "We cannot hesitate to
express our positive conviction that the
introduction of a more perfect illuminant
is near at hand."
A Railroad Election.
CEDAR RAPIDS, la., May 26.— At the <
annual meeting of the Burlington, Cedar I
Rapids and Northern stockholders the fol
lowing directors were chosen: R. R. Cable,
I C. P. Squires, Lyra an Cook, F. H. Griggs |
and A. Kirn ball, yAt < the directors' meet- i
fng R. R. Cable was elected ■chairman of !
t c board; 0. J. lyes, president; Robert I
Williams, vice-president; H. H. Hollister,
treasurer; S. S. Dorwaert, secretary ;: and
treasurer; J. Broecksmit, auditor.
;. y•• » ' : ■-. '■ — *~ : •'-'.'
Drowned H*r Three Children.
HARRISVILLE, Mo., May 28.-Mrs.
Martin Frost, living at Cleveland, in the
western part of this county, drowned her
three small children in a barrel of
water and then cut her own throat early
this morning. It is supposed that the
woman became suddenly insane.
Ktllfd b't the Explosion of a Ula.it.
BUTTE, Most., May 26.— Peter Connolly
and John Nolan were instantly killed to
day by the permature explosion of a blast
in the J I C mine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
PROHIBITIONISTS
ASSEMBLE TO-DAY,
Representative Men of the
Party Are Lined Up
at Pittsburg.
STRUGGLE OF FACTIONS.
General Conference of Delegates
Who Favor a Broad- Gauge
Platform.
SILVER TO CUT A FIGURE.
Prominent Leaders Who Have En
tered the Race for the Presi
dential Nomination.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 26.— During the
day and to-night many delegates to the
National Prohibition Convention, which
opens here to-morrow, held caucuses and
selected coin mit tee men.
At a general conference of the delegates
who favor a broad-gauge platform it was
decided to push (J. £. Bentley of Nebraska
for President; J. H. Southgate of North
Carolina for Vice-President and T. B.
Logan of Ohio for chairman of the Na
tional Committee, At the meeting of the
National Committee A. A. Stevens of
Pennsylvania was elected temporary chair
man. He is anti-free silver.
Indications point to an exceedingly ex
citing convention in tbe appearance of
that bugbear of all political conventions —
the question of the free coinage of silver as
a plail'orm plunk. There are two factions
in the Prohibition party, and they are
styled "broad-gauge" and "narrow-gauge."
Between these factions a wordy warfure
has takun place in the party press.
A number of candidates are being act
ively groomed for the Presidential nomi
nation. Rhode Island will present the
nameof rion. Henry B. Metcalf; Maryland,
that of Joshua Leveriug; Neb a-ka, Charles
E- Buntlev; Texas, J. B. Cranliil; Ohio.
Ralph S. Thompson; Georgia, Walter B.
Hill, and New York, Henry Clay Basconi.
Massachusetts' suppt* will be divided be
tween Metcalf, Levering and Bentley.
John (J. Woolley and ex-Governor St.
John have declined to allow the use of
their names.
. ♦
NO ONE DOR McKINLEY.
Judge Steven* Talk* of the boycott on
the Vhloan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 26.-Judge J. H.
1 Stevens, State president of the A. P. A.,
! was seen at his office yesteiday ana
j asked about the itoxy told by T. B.
Haughawout of Carthage, Mo., that mem
bers of the advisory board got $5000 for the
stand they took against McKinley and
were to get $ 10,000 in the event of the de
feat, lie said:
"1 don't know why Mr. Haugtiawout
has fought me so bitterly, except that he
went to Canton and saw'McKitiley."
'•Is it true, as he says, that the com
mittee got money for condemnation of
McKinley?"
"Not a bit of it. When I see him I shail
| get an explanation or know tbe reason
why."
"Will the right that has been made on
McKinley have any effect now ihat the
order has gone back on the committee?"
"No, that settles all opposition. Indi
vidual members may do as they please,
and there are plenty of them who have no
r.?e for McKinley. They are not satisfied
with his Americanism. That will have its
effect in the convention. It may also be
felt after the convention."
Oppnted to Gold 31 m
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixp., May 26.— The
Democratic free-silver conference was held
here to-day. Chairman Holt of the .State
Committee was asked to resign because of
h's inclination toward gold. A resolution
offered by J. R. Strouse of Rorkville de
manded the resignation of Hon. 8. P.
Sheerin of Lo?;anst>ort as member of the
National Committee from Indiana on the
same grounds, but it did not carry.
Withdrawal of Robert*.
GALVEFTON, Tex., May 2«;.— Political
circles in Texas were astonished to-day by
the withdrawal of ex-Governor Roberts,
a -ilverite, from the gubernatorial race.
The "sound-money" Democrat bolted
from the Mlverites, and both factions will
put out candidates for the governorship.
BISHOPS CONSECRATED.
An Imposing Ceremony in the
Methodist Episcopal Church
at Buffalo.
1 Closing Topics Discussed Before the
Members of the General
Conference.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 26— Charles
Cardwell McCabe, Earl Cran=ton and Jo
beph Crane Hartzell were consecrated as
Bishops of the Methodist Episcopal church
at Central Armory this morning. There
was an immense congregation present,
nearly every seat in the Dig auditorium
being filled. The consecration was most
impressive.
At 11:10 a. m. the Bishops of the chnrch,
the Bishops-elect and those assisting in
the ceremony filed in and took their seats
on the platform. Bishop Bowman, the
beloved senior Bishop, who has served the
church in that capacity since 1832, pre
sided. The collect was recited by Bishop
Vincent, the epistle was read by Bishop
Thoburn anil the gospel by Bishop Taylor.
The Rev. L. D. McCabe, D.D., and the
Rev. T. C. Iliff presented Bishop-elect Ale-
Cabe; the Rev. D. L. Rader and the Rev.
R. 8. Rust presented Earl Cranston ;
Joseph Crane Hartzell was presented by
the Hey. M. C. B. Mason and the Rev.
Samuel L. Berler. Alter prayer by Bishop
Fitzgerald of New Orleans the examina
tion and invocation was conducted by
Bishop Andrews. It was the most solemn
part of the service. Every voice in tho
armory was hushed and every ear strained
to « utch the questions of the Bishop and
the answers of the candidates.
Then followed the "laying on of hands"
and presentation of the Bible. The con
gregation sang a hymn and the benedic
tion was pronounced by Bishop Foster.
People flocked from all parts of the
house to congratulate the newly made
Bishops, and the platform was crowded
for a long time with a surging crowd of
enthusiastic Methodists eager to greet
those who were to guide the destinies of
a religious force which numbers over
3,000,000 souls.
The General Conference was presided
over by Bishop Ninde this morning. The
judiciary committee reported and the con
ference acted on a large number of ap
peals.
Charles W. Price of Russellville Circle
(Ouio), convicted of lying, appealed from
a decision of Bisnop Bowman.
The conference reversed the Bishop's
decision and ordered a n«?w trial.
V.'hen the celebrated Baltimore amend
ment was before the annual conference
the New York East Conference refused to
act on it and the committee recommended
that no appeal be ent&rtained.
A committee of live was appointed on
complimentary resolutions.
The committee ou book concern wanted
the conference to appoint a book editor
and it was so ordered.
To-night had been set aside for the an
niversary of the temperance work, and the
auditorium was decorated accordingly, a
large banner inscribed, "The Baloon Must
Go," hanging at one end of the building.
The decision of the conference to hold an
evening session for business spoiled the
plan for a great temperance rally, but the
rules were suspended and the first thirty
minutes were given over to the temper
ance organization.
The regular order, the report of the com
mittee on constitution, was then taken up.
There was quite a long debate over the
manner of constituting special sessions of
the general conference, the issue arising
between those who held that for members
of the preceding General Conference to hold
over and sit in the special session would
bo unconstitutional, and those who held
that new members must be chosen. The
former prevailed and the article was
adopted.
There was 8 sharp debate over an at
tempt to give laymen equal rights with
the ministerial delegates to preside pro
tern. over a General Coaference in case
there is no Bishop present to preside. One
amendment looking to that end was
tabled, but Mr. Buckley introduced an
other and made a strong speech favoring
the acknowledgment of the laymen's
rights to preside.
Dr. Neely opposed the amendment and
thought, that ho reference should be made
to the order from which the president pro
tern. should be selected. This view finally
prevailed, the reference being stricken out
and the section adopted. Adjourned.
BEFORE THE PREMMYTEEIANS.
Interesting tiubj*ets Considered at the
General Assembly.
SARATOGA, N. V., May 26. -The Pres
byterian General 'Asicmbly opened, as
usual this morning with the report of
Chairman Booth of the committee on
bills and overtures. The next important
bill before the committee is the one in re
gard to the New York Presbytery, which
disobeyed the order of last year's assem
bly in receiving students from the Union
Theological Seminary. The \ committee
decided to refer the matter to the commit
tee on church polity.
Dr. Montlort, chairman : of the judicial
committee, made its report, assigning four
of the cases before it to special commis
sions for trial, and Rev. Dr. Kane of In
diana, chairman, read the report of the
home mission.-; committee. His . resolu
tions proposed radical changes in the dis
tribution of the funds of the board. These
were to the effect that' moneys for home
mission work were to be distributed ac
cording to the direction of the presbyteries
in whose jurisdiction the assisted churches
were located. The sums thus distributed
were to be determined by the exchange of
reports between the board and the pres
byteries, and the apportionment recom
mended by the presbyteries was to be final.
A second resolution recommended a
thorough scrutiny of the methods of the
board of home missions. The re-election
of the following trustees of the home
board was recommended: Thomas Nel
eon, Brooklyn; J. M. I.udlow ,and -G. 11'
spinning, O7unjie, N. J.; Elders Job S.
Kennedy, John F. Parsonsand H. E. How
land, New York, and Charles E. Greene,
Princeton.
, Speeches were then made on the home
mission report by Secretary ■ McMillan,
President Dr. John Hall, Trustee J. S.
Ramsey of New York,- Dr. Agnew of Phil
adelphia, Dr. Hubburd of Auburn and
others and the rtcommendations'adopted.*
At the; afternoon session Chairman
Booth; reported an answer to an overture
which was adopted . proposing: the estab
lishment of a court of arbitration for the
examination and termination of interna
tional disputes.. , , ■
The report of the committee on aid for
colleges was read, and this ' was followed
by <» renewal : of I the discussion on the
Young People's Society matter, the sub
ject, being; the adoption of: a resolution
authorizing a reconsideration of ; the mat
ter of young .people's societies by the
Breed committee, with instructions i for
submitting, to the iire.sbyieries a plan of
forming an ; independent denominational
union. After a long discussion this reso
lution was stricken out. A clause pro
viding for interdenominational fellowship
of young people's societies was" stricken
out. On motion the Breed committee was
discharged, and the report thus emascu
lated rby the Christian' Endeavor leaders
was then adopted as a whole amid great
applause of the 'assembly. Adjourned.
THE BAPTIST ANNIVERSARIEN.
An Election of Officer* for* th« } Home
*— ** 3ll*.iionary Society.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., May 26.— The
concluding day of the Baptist anniver
saries was ; begun by un address* before the
Home Missionary Society by the Rev. C.
A. Woody of Oregon. His subject was,
'Fifty Years' Work on the Pacific Coast."
The next speaker was H. C. Woods,
Bishop of Colorado. He spoke on "Chapel
building in the West." -
! < The officers of the Home Missionary
Society- elected were: President, H. K.
Porter, Pennsylvania; vice-presidents, E.
M. Van Dusee, Minnesota, Stephen Green,
Massachusetts; treasurer, J. Greenwood,
Snelling, N. V.; recording secretary, A. S.
Hobart, Yonkers, N. V. ; corresponding
secretary, Thomas J. Morgan, New York.
■ ' The financial committee ; report stated
that, while the debt of Ihe socifty has
been ! reduced nearly i : $25,000 during the
past year, the outlook for the coming year
indicates that the debt will be increased to
$150,000," if the present rate of expenditure
| is con tinned and no special help comes. '
. The committee on resolutions reported
I the following, which was adopted : That
j a petition f to the Czar of Russia, crowned
to-day, be forwarded through the proper
channels," asking the exertion of his kind
! offices in behalf of -| suffering Christians in
Armenia. . ■ ■ , • - , , .
The final .session- of the* Baptist anni
versaries was held, this evening and was
devoted- to work among foreigners in
America. A vote of ■ thanks to Founder
Bradley for the use of the Auditorium and
other courtesies was passed,' and ' the Bap
tist anniversaries lor 1896 were euded.
Receiver* Are Appointed.
OMAHA, Nebr., May 26. Dudley
Smith, former president, and S. C. Wood
son, representing the St. Joseph (Mo.)
stockholders' interest in the Omaha house,
have been appointed receivers of the
Steele-Smith Grocery Company of this
city. This action was brought about by
by'tne trustees of the Steele estate wish
ing to withdraw the interest of that estate
from the business. The assets are said to
be far in excess of the liabilities.
Rite of the IMtsouri.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 26.— This morn
ing the danger line, twenty -eight feet, was
reached by the Mississippi here, and indi
cations are that, unless there be a letup
of the heavy rains in Missouri, lowa and
Illinois, the waters will go as high as the
flood of four years ago, when property to
the value of $2,000,000 was destroyed. The
local Weather Bureau announces that the
crest of tbe Mood has been reached, but
this is not believed by experienced river
men.
SENIORS DANCE
AT PALO ALTO,
Class Excercises Conclude
With a Ball in
Encina.
EIGHTY COUPLES WALTZ
Fourteen San Francisco Artists
Supply an Excellent Grade
of Music.
UNIVERSITY ALUMNI DAY.
First Annual Luncheon to the Re
tiring Class by Graduates of
Former Y?ars.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
26.— The seniors concluded their class ex
ercises of yesterday with a grand ball
which came to an end about 1 o'clock this
morning. Encina Hall dining-room had
been cleared, and potted plants were so
arranged about the room as to leave a cir
cular space for the dancers. Although
there were eig'ity couples on the*floor, the
space was ample to prevent crowding.
There were flowers and drapings in plenty
to beautify the room. Music was supplied
by fourteen selected artists from San Fran
cisco, with Herr Schmidt as leader. No
better dance music has ever been pro
vided for Stanford hops. There were
twenty-four regular dances on the pro
gramme — an alternation of waltzes and
two-steps.
The following 'constituted the commit
■ tee that had charge of the ball : Miss Stef
fins,.Miss>Meade, R. L. Wilbur, R. M.
Campbell, J. A. Colliver, A. B. Spaiding,
G. W. Riter. Guy Cochran (chairman.)
The patronesses were the Mesdames
D. S. : Jordan, F. Angell, A. W. ; Smith,
Nathan Abbott, F. A. C.Pemne, S. Baker,
J. B. Brady, M. A. B. Kice, E. F. Thomp
son, L. M. Spaiding and S. E. Edwards. <'
Refreshments were served during the
evening. . • ,
To-day \ was . Alumni day. The • pro
gramme opened this morning with brief
excercises in the : chapel. Owing to the
unavoidable absence or sickness of several
of the alumni j officers and j speakers the !
programme was considerably broken up.
Messrs.; C. L. Clemens. A. 51. '93 and Mr.
Ashley, president of the, association, were
absent, and A. H. Barnhisel, '93, presided. !
The chairman introduced R. L. Sandwick
'95, who delivered an interesting address
on the value •and importance of higher
education. He. was followed by Miss 1
Wright, who read a paper prepared by
Miss A. S. Holbrook, A. M., '06, on "The
reconciliation of the interests of the mdi;
-; vidual with those of the masses."
. In the afternoon the alumni gave their
first annual lunch to ho ctraduating
class and their , friends in the Encina
dining-room. A carefully planned menu
was served to 150 guests, and the" follow
ing toasts were responded to, A. H. Barn
hisel acting as toastmaster:
"Welcome to New ' Alumni".. A. H. Barnhlsel '93
Response R. U. Wilbur (president 'o6)
"And It's a Cold, Cold World"... A.- X. Cotton '94
Ver5e5.....:..... ....V......C. K. Field
"The Urudnaie Student" ■■.■_•
, Mrs. Mnry R. S^niith, Ph. n.,'96
Crises.;;-. ". .'....•....■...'..Fre5ident Jordan
The evening was given up to the prome
nade concert in the quadrangle, which
was illuminated by hundreds of lanterns.
An orchestra from the City discoursed
select music for two hours or more, and
fully s<X> faculty members, students and
their friends were present. Booths were
arranged at various corners of the quad
rangle, and here the "co-eds" received
their friends.
To-morrow the graduates will receive
their sheepskins after the addresses by
Professor M. B. Anderson and Dr. Jordan.
F.urekn't Senatorial Candidate.
EUREKA, Cat.., May 2«.— The an-
nounceraent of Hon. Frar.k McGowan's
candidacy for Congress has left
in the State Senatorial fieht among the
Republicans of this district. J. N. Gillett
to-day declared his intention of entering
the race for the nomination. Mr. Gillett
is a letding member of the Humboldt bar,
and the attorney for the BanK of Eureka,
the Savings Bank of Humboldt County
and the Eel River nnd Evireka Railroad.
NEW TO-DAY.
"At Sloane's."
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS,
Best made.
Immense Line at
65 cents per yard,
' ; Sewed, Laid and Lined.
100 PIECES
. (5000 YARDS)
f Usual 75c Grade at
50 cents per yard,
\ Sewed, Laid and Lined.
I EXTRA SUPER
I ALL-WOOL
1 Best Quality,
i High-Class Designs,
7 Usual Price 75 cents per yard.
At 60 cents per yard,
i Sewed, Laid and Lined.
I KENSINGTON ALL-WOOL
' ART SQUARES.
: Usual Price
; 75 cents per square Yard.
■ Reduced to 60 cents
i Square Yard.
Stock to Select from Four
Times as Large as Any Other
On the Coast.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FURSITURK, IPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TO-DAT.
i/femorial
vt f s bustle, bustle and bustle~~in our big
suit room. TJhe weather and those right swell
Spring Ouits have brought the biggest crowds
that's ever attended ang of our sales.
, u/ho- can resist those right smart and clever Suits at ■
~~$S. 50—
- ;.-» Cfhose right swell English Jfomespuns, >in those pretty otter*
vlaids, neat checks, swell pin checks, . bright new • Spring color'
ings — right cleverly tailored — at
. JJhose real dressy lack Clay . Worsteds — in cutaways and.
single breasted — very . dressy garments. J/o house can
duplicate like suits under £/5. "or Just a few more days at
ft sale that's the town talk. Our S&ig
Corner Window explains all.
Znaphael *s
(Sn corporated),
Zfhe Frisco Sftoys
> Sj ■' 11, '■-■■ 13 and 15 **/Cearnu Street
■ " ■ - - * . ■ ■"■■ J
34
STRIVING FOR A
SAN JOSE ESTATE,
Mrs. Parker's Contest for
Her Father-in-Law's
Fortune.
WAS HE WEAK-MINDED 1
A Witness Tells of the Old
Man's Faith in Spirit
Mediums.
MRS. LAW'S POOR MEMORY
Fails to Recall Certain Incidents and
Conversations She Formerly
Testified To.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 26.— At the call
ing of the Parker will contest this morn
ing both sides presented authorities as to
whether the testimony of Mrs. Helen Law
yesterday afternoon regarding the contents
of a letter Mrs. Parker had read to her
was admissible. The court sustained the
objection and ruled that the evidence was
not admissible.
By consent of the court and counsel for
respondents Fred P. Evans, a slate-writing
medium of San Francisco, was the first
witness this morning. He said his profes
sion was that of a psychographist, which,
be explained, meant a soul-writer. He
recognized the photograph of Parker as
that of a man with whom he had frequent
sittings in 1891, 1892 and 1893.
He said Parker was a believer in spiritu
alism and anxious to develop medium
ehip and had visited him for that purpose.
He had given the deceased instructions as
o how to develop as a psychographist.
On one occasion Parker was accompanied
by a blond lady and they were both
deeply interested in the subject.
Evans said he produced many slate
writings through his mediumship for
Parker, and then explained the process of
putting two clean elates together with a
piece of pencil between them. The inves
tigator would hold the slates together to
impart the individuality, and magically
the writing would appear. This writing
would be a message from some one who
has passed beyond.
Two slates were offered and Evans iden
tified them as coming from him and being
some of the many which Parker took from
his parlors. The introduction of the slates
in evidence was denied, as they had no
bearing on the will.
Mrs. Law was recalled and subjected to
a severe cross-examination by Mr. Delmas.
She was shown a letter she wrote to Jane
Pomeroy in 1893 and asked to state its
contents. There was an objection to this
question, and it was stated by Mr. Delmas
that it was simply asked as a test of the
memory of the witness.
Judge Patterson said the witness should
not be called upon to give the substance
of any letter that she had ever written.
"I could not do that myself," said he.
"Of coOrse the learned counsel would
not pretend to do such a thing, " replied
Mr. Delmas, "and at the same time I do
not think that he would undertake to re
late npon the witness- tand the entire sub
stance of a letter that ne read over twenty
years ago, as this witr.ess claimed to be
able to do to-day."
The objection to the question was then
overruled and it transpired that Mrs. Law
had no idea of the contents of a letter that
Bhe had written to Jane Pomeroy less than
three years ago.
'•1 understand that Marshall Pomeroy
was left a good part of his estate under the
will. Ido not feel bitter against him be
cause he brought suit against me and my
husband to recover the |2000. 1 have ex
pressed no such bitterness," she declared.
"In giving my deposition at Oakland I
said I believed it was a piece of persecu
tion by the executors, stimulated by
Marshall Poineroy and his sister, when
the suit to recover the $2000 was brought
against my husband and myself. George
Parker once saia he wanted to have what
he accumulated to go to his own flesh and
blood. I cannot remember exactly when
and where it was he said it.
"It was brought up when he was speaking
of his property. He said he did not want
the property to go to the Pomeroys. This
is the hrst time I have testified to that.
He said he did not want his son's wife to
have anything. He said that two or three
times in three or four years."
Mrs. Law's memory was again subjected
to a test. She had testified positively that
she could remember the substance of
all the ideas in the letter that she had
r ad over twenty years ago. She was now
asked to again repeat the substance of the
letter, the same as she had done a few
moments before upon direct examination.
The witness now hesitated and was evi
dently embarrassed. She said :
"I nave already repeated what I remem
ber of that letter."
"But I would like to have you repeat it
apain," said Mr. Delmas.
After some deliberation Mrs. Law began
to repeat the letter again. She added a
number of points and left out several that
she had given before. She stated that
Jane Pomeroy said that Ed Parker was
' unhappy, that Jane Fomeroy was ashamed
of Mrs. Ed Parker, and then recognizing
that she had made some blunders she took
refuge in the all-embracing term of "and
so forth."
"But the words 'and so forth' were not
in the letter, were they?" was asked.
"They were not," replied the witness.
"I cannot give you any more of it now, I
am tired."
"If that is the case," said Mr. Delmas
smilingly addressing the court, "1 cannot
continue the cross-examination of this
witness further now. An attorney is dis
armed when a lady on the witness-stand
tells him she is tired."
"We sympathize with the witness," said
Judge Spencer. "It is a very warm day.
Perhaps it would be as well to adjourn
now."
An adjournment was taken till this
morning at 10 o'clock.
ELOPED WITH A. DRUMMER.
Rancher Stockdale of ban Miguel in
Punuit of Hi* Wife.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 26.— C. A. Stock
dale, a rancher near San Miguel, San Luis
Obispo County, was in this city to-day
looking for his wife, who, he claims, ran
away three weeks ago with F. L. Merrill,
h clothing-drummer of San Francisco. He
says his wife deserted him about a year
ago for Merrill, but subsequently returned
home and all was forgiven. Three weeks
ago sho again left home, taking their
three-year-old son with her.
The couple were located in San Fran
cisco, but when Stockdale arrived they
had left. Stockdale says he is not very
anxious to recover his wife, but he wants
to gain possession of his boy and Bettle
things with Merrill.
STOLEN JEWELS RECOVERED.
The liouie of a Jturglar Raided fry San
Jote Officer*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 2«.— A. Sanchez,
a Mexican who has been disposing of con
siderable jewelry in Chinatown of late,
was arrested by Detective Anderson last
nipht on suspicion of being implicated in
several burglaries of recentdate. A honsc
occuDied by Sanchez on Park avenue was
searched and a large amount of stolen
property discovered. Among the articles
recovered were pieces of jewelry stolen
from the residences of Miss Koozer, 446
South Second street; J. Roberts. 2lo South
Second; Mitchell Phillips, 121 East St.
James street, and Mrs. J. R. Bartruff, 190
South Seventh.
Mrs. Bartruff identified Sanchez as a
man she caught in the act of ransacking
her home on May 7, and this afternoon
she swore to a complaint before Justice
Glass charging him with burglary.
SEARCHING FOR HER -SON.
An Aged Woman Wander* From Her
Home in Calarrras County.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 26.— A feeble
minded old woman, giving the name of
Louise Jane Simmons, is held at the
County Jail. This morning the woman
went to the residence of W. M. Berry, on
San Salvador street, near the narrow
gauge, and inquired foi her son,
Charles Simmons. She seemed bewildered
and lost and Mr. Berry notified the Sher
iff's office and she was taken in charge.
The woman said she came to' this city a
week ago from Calaveras County in search
of her son, but has been unable to find
him. She said her home was at the corner
of Folsom street and Mokelunine Hill.
She is about 70 years of age and a native
of New Hampshire.
Camp Alamo* Delegate*.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 26.— Camp Alamo,
Woodmen of the Wjorld, last evening
elected W. A. Peabody and A. C. Bates
delegates to the district convention which
meets in Oakland in June. F. M. Eley
and J. T. Preston are alternates.
Looted by Hurglar*.
SAN JOBE, Cal., May 26— John Caval
laro's grocery-Store, at the corner of Fifth
Say ford Addressing the College Men in Camp at Cazadero Under the Great Oak, Where They Meet
Each toy at Sunset to Discuss What Their Life Work Shall Be.
and St. James streets, was entered by
burglars last night. A large quantity of
canned fruits 1500 cigars and about $15 in
money was taken.
Vnive rsity of the Pacific Graduate*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 26.— The gradu
ating exercises at the Conservatory of
Music. University of the Pacific, to-day
were of a high order and largely attended.
The graduates were : Misses Florence|Ayer,
Louise Preston, Laura Jones, Mabel Saxe,
Carrie de Nise, May Lyman, Edith Cow
den and Laura Van Gordon.
SANTA ROSA'S CONGRESS
Miss Shaw Addresses . a Large
Audience on the Rights
of Women.
Mrs. Fannie McG. Martin, Attorney-at-
Law, Gives a Professional
Talk.
SANTA RO3A, Cal., May 26.— The feat
ure of the afternoon session of the Woman
Suffrage Convention to-day was a paper
by Mrs. Fannie McG. Martin entitled,
"Does the Professional Woman Need the
Ballot?" Mrs. Martin was formerly Su
perintendent of Schools for Sonoma Coun
ty and is now practicing law here. She
spoke from the standpoint of a profes
sional woman. Her paper was largely
argumentative, but logical and keen.
Theology, medicine and law, she said,
were the three principal professions, and
their ranks were now honored by many
women who had to pass the same exami
nations as the men to get there. These
professional women did not ask for any
easier conditions than those imposed upon
the men, but they did ask for the same
privileges. She paid a nice compliment to
Mrs. Clara Shortridge Foltz, the famous
woman lawyer now practicing in New
York. Quoting the law which provides
that women should have an equal right
with the men to practice law, the speaker
declared it to be ridiculous that they
should have no voice in making the laws
or selecting the judges before whom they
had to practice. She closed with an ap
peal to parents to encourage their daugh
ters to adopt a professional career.
Judging from the great crowds that at
tended the previous meetings the lady
managers concluded that the M. E. Church
would no t hold all the people who desired
to hear Rev. Anna H. Shaw, and the Athe
nseum was engaged. Fully 1500 people
were present when the Hon. John Tyler
Campbell of this city introduced the
speaker of the evening. The introductory
speech was quite brief, and predicted the
ultimate success of the equal suffrage
movement. The speaker, who is noted for
saying graceful things about the ladies,
was evidently sincere in this instance,
when he declared that the women of the
country possessed the larger share of its
intelligence and that it was only a ques
tion of time when they would take their
places at the bar of civil and political
equality.
Miss Shaw enlisted the sympathy of the
big audience at the outset, and at times
handled i.er subject without gloves. With
that peculiar grace and power that has
made her famous throughout the country,
she enlightened her hearers and exploded
the pet arguments of the opposers of the
proposed innovation.
These overturnings of time-frayed mas
culine objections were received with de
light and applauded by the 1000 or more
ladies present, and will be used in family
conventions by many a Santa Rosa maid
and matron during the coming campaign.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
UNDER CAZADERO'S
SPREADING OAKS,
Young Christians Discuss
Methods for Gaining
Recruits.
SHERWOOD EDDY'S TALK
Advises Greater Liberality in the
Cause of the Heathen
Hordes.
DR. DILIE ON LEADERSHIP.
Educated Young Men Christ's Strongest
Yeomen — A Sermon on the
Mount.
CAZADERO, Cal., May 26.— A change
was made to-day from the regular order
of the course of the Intercollegiate Y. M.
C. A. Conference, the president's confer-
I ence takins the place of the missionary in- ]
! stitute. This meeting was led by C. 0. |
Micbener, and after he had laid down a
well-conceived plan for the carrying on of i
the president's work, general discussion
followed on the features which had been of
advantage to the several associations. In
appointing the various committees Mr.
; Micbeneradvised that the president should
I have one or two inexperienced men named
in order to work them in; that the presi
dent should get the personal consent of
each man to serve; that vacancies should i
be left on committees, and lastly that if a i
i man would not work some one who would
! should be substituted.
Mr. Beaver's class in Bible study was
next on the day's programme. Consider- ;
j able interest is being manifested in the !
i department of this class, which deals with
the discussion of methods for getting men
to make a stand for Christ.
Sherwood Eddy's talk was on the need of
the Young Men's Christian Association
teaching liberality to missions. He advised
that each college support one of its gradu
ates in the foreign field, or, if this was
impossible, write to one of the missionary
boards and get from it the name of a mis
sionary they could support abroad. Mr.
Eddy said that it took all the pleasure out
of a glass of soda water for him when he
i found that a missionary could be sup
j ported in India for 7 cents a day. He
gave suggestions for the raising of money
in the colleges, and closed bis remarks
j with Mr. Steams' motto, "Ask God and
the people; don't ask the people."
One important factor in the success
I which nas been attendant upon the con
ference is that all the periods of class
work, and in fart all the meetings, are be
j gun and ended with prayer.
The students had been expecting a great
treat to-day, when Dr. Dille would speak
to them. The good doctor did not disap
j point bis hearers. His theme in the morn
ing was the leadership of educated men.
I He said young men represented potential
j energy raised to its highest power. Re-
I forms and revolutions, said Disraeli, were
| the work of young men. When Christ
■ wished to accomplish any great work he
i chose not tne Simeons with the setting sun
jin their faces, but the Pauls. Educated
I young men were to be the conservative as
| well as the constructive factors of the
i world.
The speaker closed by exhorting the
young to open every avenue of their hearts
| to God and let his power come in to mane
i them leaders for good in tire world.
The students, together with C. C. Mich
j ener and Bherwood Eddy, visited Pole
| Mountain, about four miles away, in the
\ afternoon. When the summit was reached
j Mr. Eddy gave one of the life-work talks,
j showing the needs of the foreign fields in
! a manner that impressed all the men.
in the evening Dr. Dille igain spoke. His
■ remarks were based on the first chapter of
Revelation and the eighteenth verse, "I
am he that liveth and was dead and be
hold I am alive forevermore."
This has been the hottest aav during the
conference, but it has not in any way de
tracted from the interest.
REINDEER FOR ALASKA.
Mission of f.rplorrr Jiruee and Hie
Band of Kmquimaux.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 26.— Miner W.
Bruce, author and explorer, who has a
contract with the United States Govern
ment to supply Alaska with Siberian rein
deer thia summer, arrived from Washing
ton City, and is htting out an exp dition
to the Arctic wilda of Russian Siberia. He
will purchase a steamer, and expects to
leave Seattle in about ten days, taking
along the Esquimaux who came down with
him, Bruce having passed last summer in
the far northern land. The Esquimaux will
be discharged at Point Hope, on the
American Arctic coast, and Bruce will
thence sail for Siberia, where he will bar
ter for reindeer, the first cargo of which
will be taken to the Government reindeer
station at Port Clarence. Incidentally he
will do some exploring in Siberia and
along the coast leading north into the
region surrounding the pole, keeping a
sharp lookout for Dr. Nansen, who is ex
pected to float across the north pole this
year in his Arctic balloon. Bruce is the
only individual who in a private capacity
ever went to Siberia and succeeded in
bringing reindeer out. He speaks tne
language of the Esquimaux, and is also
capable of conversing in the Siberian
tongue.
ARRAIGNED AT PORT TOWN SEND.
Captain Sewall Held for Alleged Cruelty to
a Sailor— An Attempt to Kill Mate
McDonald.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 26.—
Captain Sewall of the ship Benjamin Se
wall was this evening bound over to the
United States District Court in the sum of
$500 by Commissioner Swan on the charge
of brutal treatment of a sailor named
Francis. First Mate William Smith was
held on a similar charge in the sum of
$2000, he bei ng accused of having tortured
a seaman until his victim jumpedover
board and was drowned.
Jack Moran, a notorious water-front
rough, was tnis afternoon sentenced to
three years in the penitentiary by Ji^ge
Bellinger for an assault last night on
James Page. Moran lay in wait for Second
Mate McDonald of the ship Sewall, and
when he came out of a restaurant with
Page struck the latter by mistake with a
heavy iron bolt fourteen inches long. See
ing his error Moran quickly hurled the
bolt at McDonald, who dodged it. Moran
waa capture t by the police after a hard
chase down the street. He pleaded guilty
to-day when arraigned. He acknowledged
c had made a mistake in striking Page,
who is an inoffensive old soldier aud a
well-known steamboat engineer, and said
be intended to kill McDonald. Moran
thanked tne Judge for bis sentence.
An Attvater Farmer Killed.
MERCED, Cal., May 26.— G. B. Palmer,
a farmer livinc near At water, struck one
i of bis horses Sunday evening to induce it
I to move over in its stall, which he desired
to enter. The animal kicked him over the
heart and left shoulder. He died from the
injuries last evening. Palmer was 30
j years old and unmarried. His father is a
j veteran of the late war and is an inmate of
! the Veterans' Home at Yountville.
._.,_. NEW TO-PAT.
Tramp, Tramp, Tramp
The boys are
Marching.
Cheer up comrades they will come,
And beneath the starry flag
We shall breathe the air again
Of the freemen in our own beloved home !
But alas ! Countless thousands did not live to breathe
the freeman's air for which they bled ; the starry flag
waves over their silent graves.
While we are marching to honor the dead heroes
who fought and bled in freedom's cause," let us, if pos-
sible, go costumed in garments whose sterling quality
and unfading blue is typical of our brethren's noble
courage, and the undying remembrance that is their due.
Such are the famous OREGON CITY WOOLEN
MILLS* indigo-dyed BLUE KERSEYS, heavy weight
single or double breasted, $15.00. ' . '
Medium weight .single-breasted, $9.50. Double-
breasted, $10.00. '■
Trimmings and workmanship guaranteed equal 'to
that of the high-priced custom tailor. About ONE-HALF
retail price.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Profs. Oregon €:!;• Woolen Milts
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Busk and JHnc Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS \
LOVE CAUSES A
TIBURON SUICIDE
Failing to Commit Murder,
Enos Reheiser Ends
His Life.
AN OLD MAN'S JEALOUSY
Attempts to Shoot Miss Cromp
ton, but Finds His Pistols
Useless.
POWDER HAD BEEN REMOVED.
He Procures a Rifl?, Fires at the
Fleeing Girl, and Then Kills
Himself.
TIBURON, Cal.. May 28. -Enos Rehei
ser committed suicide here this morning,
after a quarrel with Sarah Crompton, the
daughter of a woman at whose home he
lived, at the breakfast table. He was ex
tremely jealous of the girl because of the
attentions bestowed upon her by a young
man who iived with them. Some days ago
he threatened the lives of the yonng
couple, and a brother of the girl, fearing
trouble, removed the powder from the
shells of three pistols which Reheiser kept
in his bureau.
After the quarrel this morning Reheiser
procured one of his pistolß and fired twice
at the girl. Knowing the condition of the
shells sue laup.hed at him. Reheiser pro
cured another pistol and shot twice again
with no effect. Then be rushed into bis
bedroom and got a rifle. The girl and her
mother jumped through a window and
ran for the neighboring hills.
The crazed lover fired one shot from the
Winchester, barely missing the gin as she
was going over a hill. Tnen he went to
his bedroom, put the muzzle of a shotgun
to bis forehead and fired, the charge car
rying away the top of his head.
Reheiser was 51 years old. He had been
foreman of the railway roundhouse hen*
for ten years and lived with Mrs. Cromp
ton for the past seven years. His wife
lived near Hilarita. The suicide had been
drinking heavily of late.
BED MOUNTAIN LINCHERS.
four More of the Alleged Murderer a of
. Jack Xtttleflelit Arraigned.
WEAVERVILLB, Cai., May ;26.— The
preliminary examination of Vinton, Hay
don, Radcliffe and Gregory, accused of
complicity in the lynching of Jack Little
field, was resumed before Justice Phil
brook this morning. George Kindred,
Gordon Van Horn, Will. am Espey and
Dr. Goyer were examined, their testimony
being practically the same as that given at
the trial of Crow and Van Horn.
The last witness of the day was William
Shore, a brother of Vintou's wife, who
testified to having been at Haydon's house
after the altered lynching party left. He
saw them on the mountain. Vinton had
said, when asked why some of the party
had* not returned to the house, that there
"might be some mischief done before they
got back."
DIES ON MOUNT TAMALFAFS.
A Bernic Railway Workman Succumbs
fo th, Hemt.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., May 26. —Thomas
Gibbons, an employe of the California
Construction Company, who arrived in
Mill Valley yesterday and went to work
on the Mount Tamalpaii Scenic Railway
this morning, was killed by sunstroke
this afternoon. He had worked all day in
the broiling sun near the top of the moun
tan, and at 5:30 o'clock succumbed to tha
sweltering beat. After suffering two con
vulsions he died a half hour later, while
being carried to the workmen's camp.
?IM|| jhL" t A''' The singular discovery i >f the
V^^S. S^^k. old Hudsonian doctors i j the
A. mk marvel of the nineteenth cen-
H tury. This wonderful rem odio-
■Sj%o& treatment, Hudyan, is the li arm-
fj£M&& k^l ess reme( that has bee lin
fm£& f&A ' mnffKir^ use or a sufficient time to place
(&JFa&Zs$&L \^-*^ ie Hudsonian discoverer^ in
IW 4k Jb^"*' N \ c * ront ran k of specialists.
V*. *52fel/^ i Hudyan is always used in tliose
> iffiwlXf ) cases where Hudyan would \be
\^^^ W^Wi\^. J indicated. Hudyan is not {for
■Vt-e^B^,— y sale by Tom » Dick and Harlry.
- . You get Hudyan direct from me
Hudson Medical Institute, or you don't get it. \
Stops the waste of the body as soon as ; it is thoroughly in the
body. Hudyan cures prematureness of the discharge in twenty
days. Hudyan is the remedy you need when you lack vim,
energy, or when your powers are falling. Hudyan
— —GURBS— —
Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility, Blues, Melancholia, Constipa-
tion, Falling Sensations, Dizziness, Lack of Energy, Lack of
Power, Lack of Capacity, Nervous Twitching of the Eyes and
other parts. Hudyan cures Nervousness. Hudyan develops and
restores weak organs. If you are suffering from bad dreams, if
you always feel blue, tired and disconsolate, if you are looking
into the depths of despair you should use the great Hudyan.
Hudyan can only be had of the old Hudson Medical .Institute.
Write or call for
:••.■.-..'...■. ;.
: PROOFS Ol* :
. : aa:"cnDTz-.A.2xr cnHEa :
mmi MEDICAL LiSTitPfß'Stockton^Mhrket anil Ellis Streets.
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW- -Pimples-
— Copper-colored Spots — — Sore Mouth —
— Sore Throat — : — Falling Hair —
—Enlarged Lumps — — Glandular Lumps
—Skin Eruptions— — Partial Loss of Eyebrow
— Sore Eyes —
"When in this condition don't go to Hot Springs, go to the old
doctors of Hudson. You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days.
I BLOOD CURES. :
Free. Call or MEDICAL institute,
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
. STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION I.V RATES BY RAIL
. ....T0.... .
jF'r^iFg.i'iii on.
THURSDAY ....;.. ...MAY 28
And Every Fifth Da y" Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, loot,
of Market St., at 8 p. if.
0 C n n— lncluding Berth In Pullman Tour-
OOiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In <B«T f\.OO
. Pullman Standard Sleeper. «D-LU__
- S'-ECIAL NOTICE ' ;;. ;
I This train will not atop to deliver or take on pa*.
1 Frneers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets to
sold or baggage checked to such points.
£SF" Through Tickets' for ruget Sound
Point* on Sale at Reduced Kates.
J For further informaiion a" ply at -
■ 813 MARKET s'IKKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), Ban Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T.H.GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTH KRH PACIFIC COMPaNT.
(PACIFIC VhIKM.)
Train* leave i»n«l lire ilnri to arrive at
SAN 1 ItA.X I.NIO.
lica\i: — From M\T 3, 1396. — arritb
•6:O(U Niks, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:40 l
7sOOa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and T'.ast.. 8:43p
T^JOa Benicia, Vaoaril'e, Hums. y. Sacra-
mecto, and Bedding via Davis. . . . 6:4Sp
7t««A Martinez, Ban Ramon, Kapo, Calls*
_ __ t05aand5anUE05a.. ............ «:18»
•»»«ANilcs, Han Jose, Htockton, lone.
Sacramento, MarysTillo. Keel Bluff
___ '• -. •'"' Sundays exceptedOroviile.... 4ti3i»
«Bi36A Peters and Milton •7:15*
•:O«a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
-«« Barbara and I.oa Angeles 4:4.1*
S:sOa Martinez 1 :^ 0^::;::::::::;;: 10-I.la
OiOOAVallejo ....!!!!!! 6-13P
.■ :OOp 2 t iles,BanJosoamlLlT(*niore...'... 8:45 1
•l:OOi> Sacramento Hirer Steamers •O:OOi>
fliBop Port CosU and Way Stations ....... f7:»3p
4:00p Martinez, S«u lUmon. Vollojo
Napa, Cali.toga, El Verauo and
■■ Santa Itosn 8:13 a
Bcnida, VacaTUla, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTlUe
j, -». •; rOT 'Jlo and Sacrameuto.: 10i45a
4sB«pNiles. San Jose, Livermora and
Stockton. 7:13*
4i»Cp Merced .Berenda, Raymond "(for
_ »- , T Y osemitc) and Fre5n0............ II:4JLa
0:»»r Mow Orleans Kxpu'-s.FresHo.Baken-
flcld. Santa l!arbara,T^s An B cleß,
i Demltig, El Paso, New Orleans and ■
East 1«:15a
SrOOp Sauta Fo Route, Atluiitio'iixpresa
R«« forMoJave ami Kast..... 1 0:1.1 a
B:»OpValle]o.... 11:43 a
•:Otti- European Moil, Ogdeti and KasV.V.'. os4sa
< 2 ! !2 p " l , J [ , ardB ' Nlleaaud San Joge 1:43 a
J7:OOr Vallcjo . . -)7:13p
7iOoi> Oicroj Kxpros3.Sacran.cnto. Marys-
*iUe, RcildiDß, Portland, Tweet
Hound quit ICist lOt4»A
SANTA «:khz mvisiQN (xarroTf tiaage).
J7:45a Santa Cruz Eiursion, Hanta Cruz
... -,»" d Principal Way Stations...... JS-.Wp
■ i!sa Newark, Centerville.H*n.}o»e.Felton,
• Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
■Stations 3tS*r
; •1:19? Newark, Ceiiterville, San Jose,' New
Almaaen. Fclton. Uonltler Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ,  «HiS«a
4:13 - Newark, .Sun .loao end I.os'uatos'."! 9»B«a
CBAST DIVISION iThlnl * Tiwbwihl Sis.)
••:43a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
*•, •>. o AI ? ade " Wednesdays only) ;. U:43p
n:3«ABuu,lay Eicursion for San Jose,
Santa Crnz Pacifio Grove, and
_ , _ _ I'rincipftl Way Stations tB:S9p
•:13a San Joso. Tres Piuos, K:inU Cruz,
raciOo , ? roTe - Paso IloWcs. San
I S" U . Oliispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
*« M _ clpal Way Stntloua 7:03r
J«:4,A.Palo Alto and Wayfjtatioafl tli4Bp
1O:»©a .San Joso and Way Stilt ions OzOOp
I .i : i Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:3oi>
•*:3ojf Sail Jose. Gllroy, Tres Piuos, Santa
. Crux, Salinas, Monterey and Pacillc
Urovo ; *10:4#A
l? : n« P 1411I 411 - 1 . 060 andl'rjncipal Way Stations «:47a
i ! 5? § an Jose and Wny Stations *8:0Sa
5 : 52 P an 039 and Va ' Stations... *8:48 a
i.? : p §*** Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
♦ 11:431- San Jcaoand Way 5tat10u5......... t7i4sp
SAX LEAai>ltO AMU HAX WARDS Li?»!AL:
i»O:OOA 1 ~~ '- ' : (". 7:13 a
I'OJJA J9i'«l
lS.oot Melr«ae,B««i»aryFark, m?,iat
%l i:So£ .Fitehb^,S«l« » <l M *f:«S
li' " d ■ 5:43p
|355 Manrar*. |jI3P
7iOOp g:4!lp
•loop < Bom through to tolaop
tftlH3pJ.«FroniNUea. [hiS^OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SiN fE»SCISOO-Fo«t of Market Btre«t (SUd 8)—
•7:16 9:no U:OOa.M. *I^o 'JiOO *>:«
•t:OQ to:00 •eWr.u.
Pram 01IUI5— Foot of BrotdvaT.— '6:00 8:00
•sioop'*" tl2:00 * 1:M tf&), * 3:o ° * i:CO
■ a AforMornlDj. . P for Afternoon. \
" Sundays excepted. ~ f Saturdays only.
** v .■■■■■_.• * Bundays only. ■■■•-• "" ••
■ " It Monday. Thursday ai.fl Saturday nights only.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
SMFaWCO&SORTBPT-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
I WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00. 11:00 A. K.- 12-35.
' 3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. **• Thursdays- Ektra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpg at 1:50
and 11:30 p. if.
SDl 6^o\% 7 p O ii. 9:SO> 11:00 a.m.: 1:30. 3:3<X
San Harael to San Francisco. '. '•
WEEK DAYB— O:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 A it-
i 8C &fl;. 9; - U:l6 a: "'• I:4 °- *«%
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park sama
schedule aa above. ■»«■■
c. ■£<?* Te ! Tn firact Arrive
San Francisco. |"^ C San Francisco.
SagigafiJaL suss
' 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm; 6:15 p>c
' _ » n Pulton,
; 7:30 am Windsor, : 10:10 ak
Healdsbur*,
Geysurville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
1 7:30 am I Hopland <*
7:30 am Hopland A 10«10a»c
| 3:3opm! 7:3oam Cki.th. 7:30 tu\ 6:lb
7:30 am " ~~ I ~ io-lO am
o 7:30 AM'Ouerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 tu\ | ' -■■■■•.-. 6:15 pm
7:3oam |7:30 AMI Sonoma 110:40 am! 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 - and ! B:05 pm B :15 p»£
I « ! Glen Ellen. |
i;lgpMlo^PMi^^topol.|lo:sOAK|lo:loAM
i S*a(c«?« connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
SpniiKs- a L G yS Ule for Ska Springs: at
; Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Rplseyvllle, Soda Bay and i-akeport; * t
' Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs: aj
: Ukfah for Vichy bprlngs, Soratogi Springs, Blui
I^kes, Laurel Dell La ke , Upper jt»omo. Potte?
y^J'f y ' i Ol ? 0 Dft y «. Uerley's. BuckneH's, San r
he<^ n r, H He', e '^ tSl HullvlUe. Booneville. Green*
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno C ty. Fort*
I Layionvllle. fiarrls, Scotia and Kureka. Covelo,
Laytonviile, Harris, Scottaand Eureka;
_baiurday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoetl
run 3- ■
Dn Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo-
i yond f«an Rafael at half rates. vui"u» oe-
C et^2^;vSs° M » rke^t., Chronicle bnlldlns.
H. U - Gen. Manager. . G £. fJL^L_
Gen. Manager. Gen. Vass. Agent.
A i If j * jLj&^Ftt
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive £Ms*SF&^sEB9%
at Market-Street Ferry. '2^2^^^^
SANTA FE EXFKtSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leave* every day at 5 p. m., carrylnst Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago •
: via Kansas City without change.' Annex cars for
I Denver and St. Louis.
• The PoLU.ar BA>TA" FE ROUTE EXCUR-
I SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY tor BOSTON
wKh the veiy latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
i sleepers, In charge of experienced agents, running
) through to destination. ~~ •,•■ .-, • •< . .
i The best railway from California to the East.
| New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.' ■
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
I ." "■  ..'"■• Chronicle Building. . »
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via S«usalito Ferry).
' From San Francisco, com m> n Ing March 2% 1890.
: WEEKDAYS.
For Mill l Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, •B*oo
ExMSK&ifr. 4 ' lts * 1:1B> 3: "- *2
«__,„. „ :: SUNDAYS.
•10:00, 11:3Ja. M.;»«la.Bj. "1:30, *vllh *A Ort
11^00 A*M * :3 ° * Eltr * M » to u ¥aLiio2 -
•*"«•
' « .ak - - THROUGH TKAIN&
B*o T m* w " 1^ a y 8 7 ta "<lero and way station*
Weak Men and Women
OHOULD USB »AMI ANA BITTERS TH«BUILD SAYS JETER
WILL HOLD OVER,
Deaares No Vacancy in the
Office of Lieutenant-
Governor.
SEEKS A COURT TEST.
Uiless Mandamused He Will
Omit That Place in His Elec
tion Proclamation.
THE CASE MADE A PRECEDENT
The Tenure of Superior Judge Carter
of Fresno to Be Similarly
Extended.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 26.— When
Governor Budd issues his election pro
clamation this fall, the people of the State
Will fail to receive official notice that any
vacancy has occurred in the office of Lieu
tenant-Governor through the death of
Millard; nor will any notice be taken of
the fact that one of the SaDerior Judges of
Fresno having joined the great majority
his position has been filled by tne appoint
ment of Stanton L. Carter, unless the
Supreme Court, through the issuance of a
writ ot mandamus, compels his Excellency
to appear before it and show cause why
he fails to recognize these vacancies.
Should the writ fail of issuance, W. T.
Jeter wili continue to occupy the office of
Lieutenant-Governor, and Carter the posi
tion of Su perior Judge of Fresno^County,
the Supreme Court Laving in the past de
cided that any office not included in the
Oovernor's proclamation cannot be tilled
by election of the people.
Several months ago, as published at the
time in The Call, Governor Budd stated
that he was not sure but that Jeter could
hold over on his appointment, and that it
would not be necessary to declare that a
vacancy existed in the office of Lieutenant-
Governor. The matter has again been
brought to his notice by a letter received
yesterday from Judge Paterson of San
Francisco, presumably making inquiries
as to what action the Governor would take
this fall in re.ard to tbe alleeed vacancy
in the superior jud;:eship of Fresno
County. When questioned upon the sub
ject to-day the Governor said :
"I have fully made up my mind not to
declare any vacancies in either the office
of Lieutenant Governor or Superior Judge ;
in fact, I will fail to mention either office
in my election proclamation, unless man
damus proceedings are commenced to
compel me to do so. 1 s!al! probably be
asked to announce such vacancies, but
will refuse.
"Then steps can be taken in mandamus
and this mooted question can be settled
for all time by a decision of the Supreme
Court. 1 want to tay that 1 have no self
ish motive to subserve in taking such
action, although I admire Jeter greatly.
My object is to place the matter in such a
form as will allow it to be brought before
the Supreme Court."
"Will you state the nature of the letter
you forwarded in answer to Jud^e Pater
soii's query?"
"No, 1 must refuse to do so," answered
the Governor, "as to a certain extent it is
personal yet. But I will most emphati
cally state that I will not include any an
nouncements of vacancies filled by
appointments unless compelled to do so.''
The Governor suggested to Judge Pater
son that it was possible that the law of
1883, requiring the Governor to advertise
propose! constitutional amendments in ac
least four newspapers of general circnla
tion, had been superseded by a later law re
quiring county clerks to mail to each voter
in the county a copy of all proposed
amendments. This, he was inclined to
think, was sufficient publication, and he
suggested that this matter be included in
the mandamus proceedings.
ALIBI FOR CALLENDINE.
Witnesses Claim to Mate Seen Sim on
the Might of the Carshops Raid.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 26.— That
the defense in the case of L. L. Cailendine,
on trial before the Superior Court for the
robbery of the electric company's car burn
last Christmas eve, will endeavor to estab
lish'an alibi was evident this afternoon
when Mamie Harris, the nine-year-oid
daughter of "Jack" Harris, went upon the
stand and swore positively that her father's
slayer had come to her mother's house be
lore supper on Christmas eve, brought her
a doll and other playthings, and remained
there the entire evening. It is also stated
that Mrs. Calleudine(nee Harris) will take
the stand to-morrow and testify that Cai
lendine was at her house at the time it is
alleged the robbery was committed, and
her sister will substantiate her testimony.
Mrs. Baker, the wife of one of the defend
ants, also testified to-day that her hus
band was in her company all of Christmas
SANTA CRUZ HOSTITALIET.
All Who Attend the IFnfr Fete tnil Be
Writ Cared For.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 26.— A resolu
tion was adopted by the carnival trustees
la't night, denying the report circulated
Jast year that this city could not accom
modate large numbers of visitors, and
assuring the public that Santa Cruz could
accommodate ail who cime, even if the
number exceeded 25,000.
The public was further assured by the
committee that* any effort to overcharge
by dealers would he prevented, the hotel
and restaurant men having agreed to fix a
uniform price.
Arrangements were decided upon for the
encagement of a San Francisco costumer
to be here for the accommodation of per
sons who desire to participate in the high
jinks parade and ball on the closing night.
Professor Clark, superintendent of the
public schools, promises four attractive
and appropriate floats representing the
schools in the water parade.
The Saturday Night Club will appear in
the water parade in a barge of unique
design.
Encouraging letters were received to-day
from Senators Perkins and White regard
ing the presence here of vessels from the
Pacific squadron. Senator Perkins writeß
that the matter was referred to the Secre
tary of the Navy, who had instructed
Admiral Beardslee to grant the request if
possible. Assurances have already been
received from Admiral Beardslee.
XETAItA RAILWAY CHAIfOE.
Superintendent Xeri'ngton to lletire From
the Virginia and Irtickee. . . ■'.
CARSON, Nev., May 26.— 1t is stated in
railroad circles that H. M. Yerington will
retire from the position of superintendent
of the \ lrgmia and Truckee Railroad and
the Carßon and Colombo Railroad, and
x hat v he will be succeeded by J. M. Laws.
Mr. Yerington has-been superintendent of
th- two roads ever since they were built.
He will so to Europe for a visit. Other
changes in the roads are said to be in con
templation. Hume Yerington, chief of
the supply department, will probably re
sign, as will also Aiex Ardery, assistant
superintendent, and T. Mills, chief pay
master. Mr. Mills will remove to San
irancisco. to act as agent lor D. O. Mills
in the management of San Francisco prop
erty. It is thought tliat Mr. Mills will also
resign his position as State Senator.
SEATTLE BANK FA I LURE.
The Guaranty Loan and Trust Company's
Institution Assigns for the Benefit
of Creditors.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 26.— The Guar
anty Loan and Trust Company's bank
closed yesterday, posting this notice upon
the door:
This Dank has been closed by order of its
board of trustees and an B>signnieiit has been
made for the benefit ol all iU creditors.
The concern has been generally known
to have been in a shaky condition for
eighteen months and its liabilities to de
positors are consequently small. How
ever, a contingent liability in the shape
of guaranty mortgage loans is reported
to be large.
In a published statement Jacob Furth,
the assignee of the Guaranty Loan and
Trust Company's bank, gives $162,000 as
the liability to depositors. The stock of
the bank is owned principally by Edward
Bailey of Harrisburg, Pa., und J. M. Sears
of Boston.
OVULE TRAGEDY AT PALOUSE.
James L. Hays Murders His Wife and
Then Commits Suicide.
SPOKANE, Wash., May 26.— James L.
Hays of Palouse shot his wife yester
day, killing her instantly, and then
killed himself. Hays was. a worthless
character, ana as he would not support
his wife she left him and went to live with
a family named Torrfry. He had made
several threats, but little attention bad
been paid to them. Yesterday he was in
Palouse, and seeing all members of the
Torrey family in town to attend a circus he
at once started for the ranch. On tue re
turn of the lorreys, the bodies of husband
and wife were iuuud lying in a pool of
blood in the kitchen.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY FAIR.
Eureka Begins Preparations for
f he Agricultural Display
in September.
Liberal Purses to Be Offered for
Competitors in Horse and
Bicycle Races.
EUREKA^ Cal., May 26.— Active prep
arations have already been begun for an
extensive agricultural and mechanical fair
to be held in Eureka from September 14 to
September 19 inclusive. An effort will be
made to make this tbe greatest affair of its
kind ever held in Northern California.
The race purses will be large enough to
bring into competition the best horses in
the State.
The committee in charge also hopes to
have the crack wheelmen outside tbe
county enter for the events. Daniel Mur
phy, Custom-house officer for the Port of
Eureka, has been chosen president of tbe
association and L. L. Ayers secretary.
The directors are all leading business men.
It is the desire of the association to
make the women's department particu
larly interesting. With this end in view a
number of ladies prominent in art circles
have the department in charge.
The subscription committee, consisting
of Supervisor Clark and Alexander Cor
mick, the owner of the fast stallion Way
land W, lias been at work but a few days,
tUt has secured $3000. Tbe business men
are aiive to tbe possibilities the fair holds
out for country trade, and will endeavor
to make it a success.
INDIAN WAR PETERANS.
Fourteen Hundred in the Pacific Korth
xtrit to '.lie Pensioned.
PORTLAND, Or., May 26. — Fourteen
hundred Indian War veterans in the Pa
cific Northwest are to be benefited by the
Mitchell bill, which has passed the United
States Senate, to pension survivors of In
dian wars of the '50' s, and volunteers who
served in the Cayuse war of 1847-48. The
act, when finally approved, will include
the widows of veterans and will give them
$8 per month. . Besides pensioning the sur
vivors the bill also contemplates the reim
bursement of the State's preserves for
large losses which have been unacknowl
edged and unpaid since the time of the
Territorial Government of Oregon. • '•
In the Rogue River and Yakima wars of
1855-56 volunteers were called for to help
the regular soldiers, and men and prop
erty were furnished by the settlers of
Oregon and Washington to an aggregate
amount of over $6,000,000. The United
States assumed the debt, but before paying
the claim scaled it down about half, un
justly withholding $3,290,649 due the
people for services rendered and property
furnished.
MERCED OFFICERS ARRESTED.
liowst and Collins Charged With the
Killing of an Innocent Man.
MERCED, Cal., May 26.— District At
torney Ostrander swore out a warrant yes
terday charging David Dowst and James
Collins with manslaughter, in having
caused the death of an unknown man, by
shooting Him on May 11.
Collins Is not in town, but the warrant
was served on Dowst and he was taken be
fore Judge Read, who placed his bond at
$2000, which he secured and was released.
The examination was set for June 3.
Dowst and Collins are the officers who
shot and killed a stranger several weeks
believing him to be Burke, an escaped
Selma burglar. " '
■»
SEATTLE ROY TORTURED.
Hanged to a Trer by Three of Bis Young
Schoolmate*.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 26.— Because he
had given one of the trio a severe drub
bing Frank Bangs, 11 years old, was
hanged to a tree on Friday by three of his
schoolmates— Dan Green. Roy Wilson and
Frank Street — boys ranging in age from
10 to 13 years. Bangs was permitted to
swing until unconscious, when he was cut
down after life was almost extinct by
Wilson, who relented.
Fort Hadlock Kxplotion.
POKT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 26.-A
donkey engine used in loading lumber into
the schooner Lucipara at Port Hadlock
mill exploded yesterday, scattering
lumber in every direction and seriously
injuring three men at work near the en
gine. Engineer C. H. Newman was badly
bruised and scalded about the face and
arms; a sailor named Brown Buffered a
broken leg, and a third man. whose name
is not known, received a cut on the necic
which barely missed the jugular vein. All
will recover, but will be in tbe hospital at
least three weeks.
Sudden Death at Taeomn.
TACOMA, Wash., May 28.— J. D.
Caughran, a prominent business man and
politician, dropped dead this morning
from heart disease. He was heavily en
gaged in mining and was a member of the
legislature from the Thirty-fifth District.
He leaves a large estate to his family.
THE SAN FtfANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
EASY TO PICK AT FIRST,
Favorites Won the First Three
Events, When Outsiders
Began Scoring.
COMMISSION'S UNLUCKY TUMBLE
Dolore Took the Two-Year.Old Dash.
Oregon Eclipse Surprises
the Crowd.
For three races the veriest novice could
guess the winning horses at the track yes
terday. The first and second choices
crossed the line as they were played in the
betting ring. Then there came a change,
and much of the talent's winnings were
swept away. Instigator, Nell Flaherty
and Oregon Eclipse passed the wire ahead
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
r'alifornia Jockey Club's Spring Meeting, Bay District Track. Twenty-third day. Tues
*" day, May a 6, i 896. Weather line. Track fast.
1 24-4- fIRBT AACK— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; allowances; parse (300.
1235 Warraco, 5 991 3 11
1886 Stt-wt Briar,3 P2[ 2 .... 414.
12M Linvllle. a Ill | 6 .... 2 1
1282 iMay Jones, 3 85 7 0U
1230 Monarch, 6 101 1 31
1232 Little Tough, a. ..101 6 ....'.*" 6y.
1231 Lucky D, 4 99 4 7 1
1227 1 Carroll Cook. 4... 99 9 ... . 9
1056 iJtm Corbett. 5....115 8 . 82
icilex.
Morse, age, weight.
M
Vi
M
% ST.
14 14
42 41
22' 2 2
51 53
31 81
61 6
7 8 '
9 7
8 9
Fin. Jockey.. Beltln 8-.,
■ . ■ - - • Op. ci.
16 Martin.......... 6-5 1
22 I.Johnson.. ... 5-2 16-5
ill Ross. 110 10
4 6 ' H. 8r0wn;...... 12 20
6 2 Snider. 8 7
6 2 Butler. 10 8
7 8 shepard.. ; 30 60
8 8 R0wan.......... 30.' 60
9 Daneby 30 ■ 50
siartlnc-eate used.
Time, 1:14*2.
Won easily.
Winner, O
.rden City sta
ble's b. m., by Warwick-Fedalma.
1 OA^\ "BCONP RACK— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds and upward; conditions: allow-
J-Z.ttU. ances; purse *HOO.
Index. . Horw, weighu bu V* % % Str. Fin. Jockeys. r , Betlln
• - . f ' Up. . v>l.
1223 D010re.... 106 3 2 i/a 2^ lh Snider 6-5 11-10
1212 Viking .......:... 107! 1 11 11 2.1% 805eman. ....:; 3 litji
1174 Kmella 8..........102 2 8% 43 3 2 .Martin 8 8
1223 Torpedo .....;.. 108 « 4 4 3 3 2 4 3 McClaln.. 4 5
1216 Dr. Martin .107 7 7 61 65 Lloyd 20 100
1216 Vanish ......100 6 5h 52 64 Irawley 20 60
1118 Miss <Uencola....lQQ 6 6 3 7 7 Shepard 20 : : " 60
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Pueblo stables b f., by Wildldlo-Rosette. Time, :49.
Jockeys.
I Bettincr.
Op. U.
1 Q4fi THIRD RACK— Five and a half furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; penalties; purte
Index.! Bone, age, weight. St. 14 % »4 Str. Fin. Jockeys. Betlln
1240 ! Poad Warmer, 3.. 95 4 2 1 11 12 12 Bntlpr 2 9^5
1213 FreeWlll, 3....... 95 5 31 42 3 1 2% sh.pard " 2 7-2
1195 Red Bird. 6 110 2 1% 21 2 1£ 3 i>j Snider 6 12
1235 Chinook, 4 108 8 8 5% 6 4% Russell 8 10
282 >*evere. 8 93 71 51 31 4% 55 Webb 16 50
1203 synipatlietic'sli,allOl 6 74 7 1 7 66L. Lloyd ...... 12 : 15
1236 Myron. 4 107 1 62 8 8 .71 Bozeman... 10 15
1195 La France, 3 93 3 4 1 62 6 8 L Johnson 4 ' . 4
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, B. Kd sail's b. g., by Frank Rhoades-Belle. Time.
1 :08 \/f.
1247.
FOURTH RACE— One mile: selling: three-year-olds and up: penalties; purse $350.
"* * ' Hcttioir
Index. Horse, age. weight. St. 1/4 % % Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. " ci.
1217 Instigator. 3 91831 81 31 21 In L Johnson ~6 5'
() 200) Belle Boyd. S 83 2 IV* 12 11 12 23 .Butler 4 7.2
(1233) I. Fllrton Lass,s.lo:-t 1 6n 6h 6% 4h 3^ Snider 6 10
1205 Red Glenn. 5 107, 6 6 4h 6 52 4h Coady 1 7-io
1288 Mollie K. 4 99 4 22 2h 2h 3V, 63 Krawlev "20 SO
1235 Benham. 3 102! 3| 4^ 6 i^ 6 I 6 iMcClaln 8• '- 90
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Elruwood stock farm's br. c, by imp. Bruius-Installa-
tion. Time, 1:41^4-
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
1248 KIFTH K-ACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and np; allowance*: purse ?300.
Ind. Horse, age, weight. I St. Vi % % »tr. Kin. Jockeys. oßeo Be " ln cL
1380 Nell Flaherty, a.. 103 4 jl2 jll 11 12 W. stipe... I 8 10
I'J4O £ crv 0 ' 4. 99 6•• 3^ 31 21 23 & McClain. . ... 15 6
(1243) Rebellion. 3 101 5 6 4iA 3% 3us Martin 7-6 6-°
123H Joe Cotton, a 107 2...;.... 2»* 8V? 41* 41 Kozpman. 75-50
is?i "-vmari.a. --- ---lljl \ 1% 5 6 5 ■ -'t.- Williams 10 60
1219 Commission, 6. ..11 l 3 • ...U Lloyd ;....... 3-2 4-5
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, R. stipe's b. m., by Little Alp-Ovpsy Queen. Time. 1-15
•Stumbled and threw rider.
1 '^49 *HOO TH KACE ~ Five and » hßlf 'ur'ongs; selling: three-ytar-olds and up; penalties; purse
Index, j Horse, age, weight. | St. V* % % Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op^"'"*!.
(1210) Oregon Eclipse.a.UO 1 32 314 SI 1 1 H< nnPsny. "4 ■ 5
1240 Mt.Koy.s 110 2 23 22 21 22 Holder.. 9-2 5
1240 Last Chance, 5. ..110 6 53 56" 610 3h Martin 5 «
1167 Circe. &. 11l I 6 11 12 13 4% boady.V.7.V:Hf: 8-5 1
1199 M0«iei.4 ..........10g, 3 4% 42 42. 620 Bozemaa ..... 4•" 10
1195 University, 4. ...107| 4 6 6 6 6 Fell 30 30
Starting-gate ustd. Won driving- Winner. J. Bobbin's eh. g., by Joe Hooker-Lulu Biggs.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-D«y's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record »t the distance 10 be ruu lli« records at the next nearest
distance are ftlven.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: •, about.
FIRBT RACE— Six furiongs; selling.
Best ~~ '
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. [ Owner. i'edlrree.
1242 BlgChief 97 I :o9i^ 5Vj t 94 i F . .'' Nlacara stable. Apache-KloT^
1238 Miss Pollard.... 95 ; l:0J», 5l 99 F.. L. Shaner ! Imp. Maliuin-by X Dalv
1248 |Joe Cotton 106 1 :0H3 /4 5% f 129.F.. Berkeley stable Wintors-rotton Nose
1287 jLonnieß 109 .... F. . M aley jimp. London l.uella
1207 Wan Luis Rey... 106 1:42 |l m 101 F.. lMeasanton stable.. Km NoriolkM McC.rtv'sL
1244 Uttle Tough.... 106 l:08%l6%f 101 F.. A.W. Lindsoy Glen Kirn rnKi.'own *
1T27 Decision 9S 1 :34 ;7 f 92 F.. M. T. Donovan i Imp. Wngner-r leta
Owner.
I'edleree.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling.
I Best I I
Index. Name. I Lbs! record. Dlst. ILbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
ISM Corriente 95; 1 .... JJ. Coulter limp. Friar Tuck Unknown
1232 Arno.... 104]l:02l/4 5f 101 !F...! F... Murphy * Butler. . Cyclone- Wan ta
1206 .starling 109,1:29 7f 98 F... !T. Flvnn. . .. . . I'av St»r-I arWminta
IMS CardwHl 10o'l:OOV 4 6f 110,F... W, Karp lUihbon.-Vk.o |»
19tW Hanford 1091:10 V* 5V* f !lO6! Fa. California stable.. .. Imp. Kvrle Halv.Vl.all.
1242 .O'Fleeta. 109 1 :09 si» 1 109 X.. .1. M. Bucklov . 11 arrv tV Fallen- Fleeta
1242 'ReyAlta 11091 109 ltOMfc 6f 131 11. J. o. Itayley. •..:.::. Alta Fannie D
1242 Banjo 11l 1:1W& 6f 111 Fa. Odell stal>le Peregrine Lady Foster
1203 ,M, M » rlo " etle ?^ 1:14a /*| 6f 101 F...1ngle S |,te stable... Imp K .MarlnerMn«ne«e
1238 Coda 90 1 1 Pueblo stable 'Imp. Cyrus-imp. Uosetta
Owner.
I
Pedigree.
THIIID RACE— Five furlongs ; selling; non-winners of two races In 189.V96.
Index.
Name.
I ! Best I 111
I Lbs 'record. Dlst. Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedleree.
.. .... Wasp 107 : '....P. .Weber. Wildalr-Sister to \v«lf ~~
625 Dorsey.. 109 l:01Vi 5 f 101 F. .D. A. Nunan I'rcl.m^Ka c c?r,oa
1221 America........ 107 I). .1. Tobin... Red Iron-Lou B
1230 ;<ieor eK08e.... 109 1:11 6% I 104 11.. <;. K. Rider Three rh... rs-Charltr
•••■•••• £•** \Wi\ F. Phillips.: Faustus-Tara Blackburn
J221 Bordeaux 112 CW.Ch.pp.il. ...!lmp.M.rtn Pr .Kr,faula
'- 4 ,6 4 lllnoo h_ }?i «'ra. Dlxon Imp. Klackhird 11-Charity
1220 iP.-cksn.ff 115| iVoi-,4 *t- ib-8 p : : j.m. Buckley Ip. Mr. Pickwick- HenU,pon
1244 LiKkyD 109 E. J. Appleby I Prince Norfolk- Kit iv l^h
??A? i?° HilL JH **** »' 108 F " • JoeHH™.... JKIn XS ion-Lady Uoiden
1191 I)f<;rOßt !112 no rec.no we. W. Riller O rover Tie veland-hv Kplm»
18»7 A S h!aud Eclipse 109,1:07 V, 5 f 107 H.. s. W. Crosier j Logic-Blue KioSclnm P
l.'lH jj^llaS 110 1:031415 f 132 F. . K. G. Oriffen Ironwood-Jen^e Mack
1187 IJQ |112| i H.<-.Casldy Joe Hooker-Una
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles: hurdle; handicap.
I Best ~~ '
Index. Name. Lbs Record Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1237 The Lark........ 142 2:46% IV2 m 135 F... j Pleasanton stable.. I W'ildidle-bv Monday
1237 C0mrade........ 186 2:06 H m 142 11.. J. .-arl.nd Tvrant-UHthesome
1121 Ksperance 138 2:49 1^ m 124 F... T. A. Tobln Alta-Mother lUibbard
(1224) Hello. 147 2:381* IV* m 1« Fa. O. P. Johnson Sld-by Reveille
12V4 Arundel 187 2:061/4 *1V« m 135 F... Flood more stable... Duke Norfolk-Elaine
1231 Art.mus 182 2:23 | IV4 m 1»2|F...1 A. Maddox A rgvle-bv sir Modred
123.7 Huntsman 128 no rec " IP.Her7.og Prince Norfolk-HHid^a
1179 Captain Spencer 125 iJ. McCtilloogh Bramble-Daisy Hoey *
1237 Prlcelle. 120norec- J. E.Kini£?.. Imp . Cvrus-pfeclouiT
1181 Landlord 120 norec J. R0b01n5..... Longteilow-MawauUa
1232 Three Forks... 145 I:SU/ 4 1 m 163 F... P.Farrar.. SpoKane-Trlfle
Owner.
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACE— six furlongs; selling.
Index. Name.
Lbs
Best I
record . j Dlst. Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedlcree.
(1236)jHymn.> 1111:1014 51,4 I 110 Fa. <i. Mat hewn Hlmyar-Unaß
1234 .Zobalr 114 1:163,4 6 f 114 F... J. C Humphrey.... at. Savloiir-N,ghthawk
1236 Howard J°? ;••„,; ...JR. A. Dolan Tyrant-Mayette
1201 <?old Bug 1111:17 6f 106 1 Fa. !j. Hunter Plttsburg-Molliea
(HB4); Daylight 100 1:181/4 6! 96'H.. J. O. Brown & Co.. Coloma-Laura D
1240 jßlcardo 11l l:16V4l 6f 105 H..;8. F. Capps Wildidle-blue Bonnet
(1231) Favory 118ft:16<J 6f 110 F....A. P. Miller John A-Lo'veiia ?t
1180 jTlberlus 97j1:16 |6f 83, F... j Kirn wood at It farm., Imp. Brutus-Arlola
SIXTH RACK-Three miles; selling.
.Name.
| Best j
Lbs | record. Dlst
'n» ! Tk.
Index.
Owner.
PPdlijree.
1204 Miss Garvin.... 80 1:4-'^ 1 m 86 F.
486 limp. Ivy 104U:15 6f 109lK.
(1197), Uncle Giles 100 1:64 l^o 104 F..
1239 Tbornhlll |102 2:lOVj I V* m 105 Fa.
1220 I Sleeping Child.. 82 1:41 W 1 m 10J F. .
1226 j Duchess Mllplta] 84|2:36Vs | ly, m 80 F.
S. F. Cappn 'Fellowcharm-* Harnpion
t>e *,opez Bros jimp. Ca-aer-Veneratiun
Nevada stable El Rio Rey-H Humphrey
T. I.uiidy Imp. Cheviot-P Anderson
W. D. K»ndall Child of tneJliat -Krhnio-B
Elnawood stk farm. | Duke Norfolk-l.edette
SEVENTH RA( E— One and a quarter miles: Fai
well handicap.
| Best I
I -bV record.' Dlsu
ItiN Tk.
Index.
Name.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1234 |AH Over 11011 :491/4!//-/6t01112 Fa.
1226 Strath flower.... lOOjl :42% '1 m 100 ' Fa.
1217 kabrlllo il6 I :55Vi: ly. xa 98|F...
(1H»2) sen Rland 92 I:29V* 7f 93 Fa.
(1206)1 Yankee Doodle. 108 1:42 jinn 106 F...
(1219) R. del Bandiflcs 107 2:1 11,4 114 m 100 Fa
1247 ImpKllertnLass 100 1:4«i4 1 m 109:11..
(1234) Peru 107 1: SOU 7f 10711t..
(1166) Wawona 98 2:45 V* 1 14 m 110 H..
1175 Nebucbadnezzr 94 1:41Ulm 94. F...
1241 Peurll. 8b 1:50^, 11-ltjm 107 ira.
8. G Hlldreth
C. K. Sanders
R. Van Brunt
W. D. Randall
i 'am bridge stable ..
Lone stable ......
bhabona stable
Al Morine :......
Mokelnmne stk fm
Klmwood' stock Un
Elmwood stock tea
Hanover-Deceit
Btra!hmore-Flowr of Month
st. Saviour- Lizzie Hampton
Imp. i uvemess- Wood Violet
JT-nce Royal-Mnnranita
irap.Tr Brltn-Em ma Collier
Fullerton-Castaway
Ctano-i armaiita
Imp. Sir Modred-Typuoon
Imp. Brutus-Uypseue
Imp. Brutus-Bonaie Jean
of their fields, carrying little coin outside
of a certain wise backing.
The attendance was rather limited. Es
pecially does this refer to the fair specula
tors, who usually throng the balconies;
cooler spots and iced punches evidently
proving a stronger attraction.
A bad tumble in the fifth event, a six
furlong sprinting affair, undoubtedly de
prived the backers of the favorite, Com
mission, tbe pleasure of gettiner in line.
White & Clarke's lumbering gelding was
considered a "moral" by the stable, and
his odds were hammered down from 3 to 2
to 4 to 5. While striding to the front down
the backstretch he jumped on Joe Cotton,
stumbled and threw Lloyd heavily to the
ground. Nell Flaherty, a 10 to 1 choice,
who was out in tbe lead, then won, with
little to spare, by a couDle of lengths in
1:15. Nervoso in a drive took the place
from Rebellion.
The Garden City stable's Warrago, with
but 99 pounds in the saddle, looked a cer
tainty for the rirst race of the day, a six
furlong run, and 4 to 5 looked a long price
against her. Taking tbe lead from Mon
arch at the far turn she opened up several
I lengths of daylight and won as she pleased,
| with the second choice, bweet Briar, taking
| the place from Linville.
Viking got another flying start in the
two-year-old half-mile scramble, and after
being backed down from 4 to 1 to 11 to 5
led untii a furlong from the wire, when
the 6to 5 choice Dolore drew ahead and
won by a neck in 49 seconds flat. Emelia
finished in the show.
The favorites kept up their winning clip
in the third race, a five ana a half furlong
selling sprint. Road Warmer, backed from
twos to 8 to 5, outsprinted Red Bird before
a third of the distance had been covered
and eased up at the finish passed the
stand a couple of lengths in advance of
Free Will, the second choice. Red Bird
wa9 a close third.
The Cambridge stable's Red Glen was
the first to stop the conauering march of
the favorites. So liberally backed was he
that his opening odds of even money gave
way to 7to 10 nearing post time. He was
never able to get to the front and finished
outside of the money. In a close and ex
citing drive Instigator, ridden by Ike
Johnson, got to the wire a scant head
before the second c oice. Belle Boy 1. The
winner was 5 to 1 throughout the betting.
Circe, the daughter of imp. Friar Tuck,
fast as a ghost, with an equally pro
nounced tendency to "back up," was
backed down from 8 to 5 to evens to v>in
the concluding race of the day over live
and a half furiones, and after leading into
the stretch began fading away, finishing
fourth. Coming on from third position,
old Oregon Eclipse, backed down from 7 to
5, passed the finishing-post a length ahead
of Mt. Roy, another 5 to 1 chaiice in the
betting.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Tliis is the closing day of tie racing sea
son at the Bay District track. Inglesiae
will reopen to-morrow for its final two
weeks' meeting. The occasion will be
"ladies' day" as usual.
Beyond a severe shaking up Jockey
Lloyd suffered no injury from his severe
fall off the back of Commission.
The thirteenth annual catalogue of the
trotting and thoroughbred stock owned by
Palo Alto stock farm, handsomely bound
in book form, has been issued.
CITY EXPENSES
WILL COME HIGH,
Big Appropriations Needed
by the School De
partment.
A MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
Fifty Extra Policemen and New
Stations and Horses
Needed.
WHAT MR. ASH WORTH WAHTS.
Contemplated Street Improvements
Would C.st Nfarly a KM
lion Dollars.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Education held a long and important ses
sion last evening to decide on the amount
of money to be aslieil from the Board of
Supervisors for tbe maintenance of tbe
School Department for the coming fiscal
year.
It was decided thnt nothing short of
radical changes would satisfy the growing
demands of the department, and that in
order to properly curry on the work of tLe
schools nearly twice as much money
would be necessary as was appropriated
for ißf»:>-;*;.
Last year $1,250,000 was asked, but the
Board of Supervisors cut the estimates to
$1,036,000. with which the department was
compelled to be satisfied, in addition to
the rents of the Lincoln School properly,
which aggregate about $38,000 a year.
This year the board will ask for $250,000,
with which to build a new High School
for' the Mission. Of this sum $75,000 is
estimate 1 fora building site.
The Supervisors will also be asked
for $52,000 for . the . rebuilding of
the Marshall -Grammar School, which
is said to be in bad condition.
Then there are a number of schools
where the sanitarye arranirments are in
very bad condition and $100,000 will be
asked for repairs in this and other lines.
Another municipal department has put
in its estimate for expenses for the coming
fiscal year and as usual the amount asked
is far in excess of the sum appropriated by
the Supervisors when the last tax levy
w-"» fixed.
- The latest applicant for municipal funds*
is the Po ie» Department, which asks the
modest sum f $903,705 for 1896-97, or over
$134,000 more than last year.
•The heavies ■ item of "this increase is for
the fifiy additional patrolmen that Chief
Crowlev has asked for. This will take lor
salaries $61,200, .while three new police
stations that the department desires to
build will cost $15,000. New horses lor
pntrol wa-ron«- will **o«t. $3375.
Superintendent of Streets Ashworth has
(y v CLbmiORE people are now
sufferine from constipation or its effects
than all other diseases, and yet It is tbe
easiest remedied. You can be cured of
habitual constipation if you use the herb
remedy—
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company — Gentle-
men : I have suffered from kidney trouble
for two or three years. I would have to
get up in the nijjiit. to void my urine irom
ten to fifteen times. My sleep was dis-
turbed, and I became very thin and nerv-
ous. No appetite ; bowels constipated. I
have taken two bottles and gained fifteen
pounds. Sleep well. Have to get up
about three times during night, and am
very much better in every respect. Will
continue to tnke your Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla, for believe it will entirely care me.
(Signed) MR. EDWARD W.FRENCH,
Stoaktoa, C*L
I also sent in his estimate, asking for nearly
11.000,000 more than he received last year.
He bases his calculation that a big in
crease in the Street Department funds is
necessary o» the fact that an immense
amount of repaying will be done this com
ing year. His estimate in full is as follows:
General fund—
Snlary of Superintendent of Streets. $4,000 00
Salaries of deputies 28,600 00
Street Department fund-
Repairs on County roads $10,000 00
Sweeping of stree s 150,000 00
Cleaning and repairing of sewers and
materiul 76,000 00
Repaying and repairing accepted
streets other than streets now
pa%ed with cobbles 250,000 00
Improvement of streets in front of
City property 50,000 00
Paving the accepted blocks and
crossings on Vfln Ness avenue
that are now macadamized 46,63010
Improvement and maintenance of
parks ami square* 60,000 00
Bepavinc of Golden Gate avenue
between Market and Stoiner
stree.s 45,000 00
Kepavinic Folsom street from Sixth
street easterly; also between Ninth
and Tenth streets and the cross
ings of Ninth and Twelfth streets 45.000 00
Kepavlug streets now paved with
cobbles 400,000 00
Piling and planking streets on the
water front for that portion for
which the City lOiable 150,000 00
Kcpaving Market street 150,000 00
Engineering and surveys 10,000 00
Improvements in front of public
parks anil squares—
Alamo square 12,000 00
Buena Vista Park 6,000 00
Franklin Park '2,000 00
liolden (^Bte Park 87,000 00
Qarftatd square 3,60000
Holly Park 10,000 00
Hamilton square 1,650 00
Jefferson square 10.500 0"
Lafayette square 10, ft 00 00
Washington square 1,200 00
South Park 60000
Total $1,558,180 10
SCHOONERS COLLIDE.
The Lillie and the Ocean Spray Sud
denly Come to Grief Off
the Heads.
A collision occurred between two schoon
ers yesterday off Bakers Beach which re
sulted in a loss of several hundred dollars
to each of the vessels, but luckily nobody
was injured or killed.
The cause of the collision may be at
tributed to an excess of confidence, amount
ing almost to carelessness, upon the part of
the skippers.
The schooners were bound out, and
whe 1 they neared each other were beating
under light wind-. In attempting to pass
it was discovered too late that they could
not clear themselves.
The Ocean Spray 3truck the stern of the
Lillie. and then their masters decided that
it would be prudent for them to return to
port.
The Lillie. which had just come off the
Merchants' dry dock, had her new foresail
badly torn and her aft rail considerably
damaged.
The headgear of the Ocean Spray was
carried clean away.
Mr. Gronlund'd Lecture.
Liberty branch of the Socialistic Labor party
will t)e addressed at their meeting to-night at
tne Turk-street Temple by Laurence Gronlund,
the eminent writer on social economics, who
h is recently returned after an extended lec
t ■<■.- tour in the Xorth. His subject will be
"Individuality Under Socialism."
Burglary In Richmond.
When the wife of J. W. Angell, a druggist,
residing at 112 Third avenue, returning home
yesterday from a trip downtown, sne found the
dining-room window raised and the house
plundered. The thieves had taken a watch
and chain, jewelry and trinkets to th« value
of $ir>o. The police aru investigating the
burglary.
! __ rev to-pat.
A Year Hence
What will be the value, a year from
now, of the bicycle you propose to
buy ? No question about :
Standard of th« World
You can always sell a Columbia for '
a good price. Not so with other
makes. » Economy and pleasure go
hand in hand in Columbias.
Art Catalogue free II you C«tf%#% » M all
call. By mtil for two *100 ,*
! 2-ccnt stamps. ' ;' .- m^m^m aim«« ■
Wo can deliver any modal of Colum-
bias or Hartford* at ones.
POPE MOIFACTIMG COMPANY,
344- POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1970 PAGE ST.. NEAR STANYAN.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIDELITY THK CASUALTY
FIDELITY AND CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the Slat day of December, A. D. 1895,
and for the year ending on that day. us made to
the Ids urn nee Commissioner of the State Of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by tne Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up ..- ■
in cash $250,000 00
. ASSETS.. •
Rpb' esta'e owned by the company.. $679,460 49
Cash market value of all stocks and . -
bonds owned by company 1,384,870 00
Cash in company's office.. 28,312 65
Cash in bank 5...:....'...........:...: 41,780 51
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and 10an5..... 2,655 16
.Premiums in due course of collection 296,198 50
Keserve reinsurance deposit (cash
in company's possession) ' '7,808 41
Total assets $2,341,086 72
LIABILITIES. T
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense >■ $409,547 56
Losses rest <ted Including expenses)
Total unearned premiums. 1,342.62907
Due to other companies for reinsur- .
ance...... '......:...............;. • 6,742 10
All other demands against the com*
pan} , 14,17173
Total 1iabi1itie5.......... ..$1,772,080 48
INCOME. ( ' ~ .• "
Net cash actually received for •- - ; ••-..'••
- premiums $2,500,958 36
Received for interest and dividends
- on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources • 102,310 31
Received ' for - profit on securities ■* • -
sold 410 21
Total income .$2,603,678 87
, EXPENDITURES. , '...,.
Net amount paid for 1055e5."..'......'.. $910.633 10
Dividends to stockholders ....... 40,000 00
.Paid or allowed for. commission or
brokerage...... .' 665,249 55
Paid • for salaries, fees • and other -' ■■■ -'.=■?
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 'i 34,007 44
i Paid for State, National and local
taxe5:.. ■..•....."....'..:.....:..•..... ' 46,620 94
All other payments and expendi-
tures. 619.784 00
Total expenditures $2,415,316 03
. GEORGE F. SF. WARD, President.
ROBERT J. HILLAb, Secretary. , • '
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day
of January, lB96. - . ,
• l£. A. RABENER, Notary Public. •
PACIFIC COAST DEPAETM»NT,
8. (L PARDEE, Resident Manager;
' Mutual Life Building,
I £AX FKANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
NEW TO-PAT, i
MUNWT"
REMEDIES
A CURE FOR EACH DISEASE
With Munyon's Improved Homoeopathic
Remedies in the Ilonse, Mothers ' Can
Become the Family Physician and
SAVE DOLLARS IN DOCTOR'S FEES.
Get Mnnyon'i Guide to Health From
Your Druggist. It Will Tell .You
What to Use and How to Cure «
the Moat Obstinate .and
Complicated Diseases.
Professor Munyon is honored to-day as
the leading authority in the medical world.
His new and humane methods of treatment
have swept away, all the old-fashioned
ideas of doctoring with poisonous drugs
that create a dozen diseases in the effort to
get rid of one. . He does not claim that he
has one remedy i that' will cure all com-
plaints, but that he has prepared a specific
cure for neariy every disease. He does not
claim that Munyon's Rheumatism Cure
will cure consumption, dyspepsia or any
other complaint, but he does assert that it
will cure rheumatism. Munyon's Dyspep-
sia Cure is prepared expressly to cure dys-
pepsia; Munyon's Cough Cure to cure
coughs; Munyon's Catarrh Remedies to
cure catarrh; Munyon's Kidney Cure to
cure kidney troubles. The same may be
said of all Munyon's different remedies.
They may be obtained at all drugstores,
mostly at 25 cents a bottle. . .
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease. ,
ALL DISEASE IS CAUSED
BY MICROBES.
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER
TS THE ONLY REMEDY YET DIS-
•*:. covered that purifies, the blood by
killing: the microbes In the human.
■body without injury to' the system,
hence It cures ALL. DISEASES. This,
has been proven in the District Court
of Travis County, Texas; Supreme
Court of New York City, and Correc-
tional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlets, Microscopical Examina-
tions and all information at main
office r>jv .: ■ ■.-.,■>
RABINS MICROBE KILLER COMPACT,
1340 Market St., San Francisco.
TO EXCHANGE.
Al2-ROOM OAKLAND RESIDENCE: LOT
140x250: highly improved; no lncumbrances;
will exchange for property in Southern California
or at Spokane. Address Owner, 330 Pine St., room
68, San Francisco, Ual. - . ■ .
STATEMENT
....OF THE....
CONDITION AND . AFFAIRS
....OF THE,...
COMMERCIAL UNION
IMRAME COMPACT, LIMITED,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST DAY
December, A. D. 1895, and for the year ending
on that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the state of Ca'tfornia, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as- per blank furnished by the
Commissioner. ; .• ■ . - •*• .
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up in
cash $1,250,000 00
ASSETS. ~ ~~~
Real estate owned by company 92,392,751 53
Loans on bonds and mortgages .. 316,074 63
Cash market value of all stocks and ; - ■
bonds owned by company 5,129,317 90
Amount of loans secured by. pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market- • ' .
aole securities as collateral ..... 206,764 70
Cash in banks.. 1,752,322 00
Interest, due and accrued on all ■ - .:.-..
stocks and loans 838 18
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and m0rtgage5....... :.... ......:'.t. . ' 3,813 98
Premiums indue course of collection' 1,316,000 98'
Bills receivable, not matured, taken ,
for fire and marine ri5k5.:..:......" ; 109,391 21
Total assets, life department .... 8,999.928 04
Sundry offices for guarantees and re- > -' ' - ' »
insurance on losses already paid... . 420,577 85
Bents and interest due - 3,392 25
Stamps in band 2.370 20
Total assets ."....:.. .$20,653,543 ,45
LIABILITIES. ~7~T~-
Losses adjusted and unpaid "] "■• . '
Losses in process of adjustment or I ' ..„, n n __
insuspense f * 5»&.dOO 00
Losses resisted, including expenses]- » '.-'■'
Gross premiums on fire risks run-' j r
nine one year or less (reinsur- | '■ ".''■ .'
ance SO per cent) I . R i ßS n«nn
Gross premiums on fire risks run- ' »i"WWi»
ni life more than one year (rein- .
surance pro ratal ...:........
Gross premiums on marine and in- '
land navigation risks (reinsur-
ance 100 percent) .......... V 950,00000
Gross premiums on marina time .•
risks (.reinsurance 50 per cent)., j
Liabilities un der life department.:.. - 8,999,928 04
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... ■ 2,414 79
All other demands against the c0m-
pany.....:..... ....;...:.:.. 2,278,173 96
# Total liabilities. f!4, 631,616 79
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire ' ■ ' <
- premiums. ............' 566,922 79
Net cash actually received for ma- .
rine premiums ..;..' 1,150,502*77
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from . ' - ' '
all other sources 332,371 58
Received for transfer fee 5...,.'.... .... ' 255 62
Total income of life department 1,240,733 04
Total income $8,290,785 80
1 EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for fire losses .. $ 3,295,514 52
Net amount paid for marine losses.. . .797,342 93
Dividends to stockholders. .-.;...'...*.. 312,02f» 87
Paid or allowed for commission or ■ ". ■ . '
brokerage 787,665 60
Paid for salaries, fees and other 1 ■ ,
■■ charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . f , 'o Ca 000 10
Paid tor State, National and local f li*sbs»B«1 i* 5bs » 8 « 18
taxes J k ■
All other payments and expendi- ' ■ , '■
tures 854,881 38
Total expenditures.. *7,316.422 38
■". ■- ' : ' • • . ■. : Fire.- . • . Marine. 1
Losses Incurred during
the year.. .;......:. $3,183,074 00 $788,833 00
KISKS AMI PREMIUMS.
.< .•, I FIRE BISKS. .I . FBKXIUIU.
Net amount of j
'risks "„■ written
! during the year. $1,995,944,996 $7,268 473 72
Net amount of ..-•■<: . .•• ••.- ;
risks . expired
. during the year.. . 1,079,380,172 4,595,656 66
Net • amount in
force December • ... .
31,1895 1.363,996,153 4,720,76013
MARIXK BISKS. PREMIUMS.
Net amount of
risks . written . •
during the year.. $388,957,055 $1,656,635 00
Net amount of ..' - . te?Jwp>,~:
: risks .. expired ■ ■"
during the year- 383,735,405 1,637,775 00
Net amount 'in •.-■■.- ,
force December
31.1895 94,345,600 963,525 00
. JOHN TKOTTER, Chairman. '
H. Mann, Secretary. , v. 
subscriber! and sworn to before me this 17th day 1
of April, 1896. • G.F. Waebks, Notary Public ;
PACIFIC GOAST BRANCH OFFICE,
301 California Street.
C. F. MULLtNS, Manager.
j?^t*ssF?f&%&t>-i.tS Bi? 6is a non -poisonous
*&£s3l9^ **«fesa remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JSg&fr CVilEtsW** Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
£35t>V in 1 to s d«ys.\a Whites, unnatural dig-
JHV Quruiieed V charges, or any intlamma-
fL*3»B net to itriewre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
j^JPreTenu coDitgioo. tion of mucous niem-
ffrSyHEEvANS OhewoiCo. brands. Non-aatriagont.
VSSHLcinCINIUTI 0 ■■ Sold by DrngsUts,
Xagtat. v. S. A ?B&r or Beat in P lain wrapper.
jrcgSafc. IAP\Bk by express, prepaid, fur
V^H 1.1.00, or 3 bottles, &.7\
'fcH'CSy^ ■ Circular seat or. T/ wet.
56
CHARLES; M. SHORTRIDOE,
-. Editor and Proprietor.
Subscription - RATEs-Postajre Free:
D»Hy and Sunday Cam,, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail. . . . 6-00
Daily and Sunday Calx*' six months, by mail.. , 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cal:,, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mall.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11. ..'.... 1 1.50
Wkekly Call, one year, by mall 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
•o, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it.- Orders given to the carrier- or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
HO EXTBA CHAHUK. .
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Sun Francisco, California.
Tele phone 1...... : „. Main— lßß%
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
' 617 Clay Street. .
T*lf phone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock. '
713 Larlcin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; Open
nntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
US JNintn street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
90S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
r.cocis SI and 32, '£* lark Row, New York City.
DAVID M. I'OLTZ, Special Agent-
WEDNESDAY MAY 27, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Occasionally our climate is tropical.
These are the days that prepare us for
St. Jioaiß.
Get yourself enrolled in a Republican
club and be a good citizen.
It seems to be no trouble at all for the
prairie States to catch their wind.
Will she guess it? Yes, she will guess
it— and find there is nothing in it.
Fortunately we will not have the trans
fer nuisance to sweat over much longer.
After this the Czar feels very nearly as
big as Grover Cleveland thinks himself.
People going East this season should
take along some kind of anti-cyclone pill.
If this weather continues the next step
in dress reform will be a shirt waist for
men.
Where The Call leads our contempo
raries follow, but they do not always keep
step.
Don't forget that Decoration day was set
apart for patriotic observances and not for
casual frolics.
We now begin to understand the value
of those ocean winds that we complain of
on ordinary days.
So long as the hot spell lasts we will be
in touch with the Easterners and under
stand their feelings.
In this campaign the Republican party
will be the only unit in the count; all the
rest will be fractions.
At last the sugar bonnties are to be paid
by decision of the Supreme Court and Mr.
Bowler will be a bowler.
The man on top of a Democratic faction
is in about the same position as a man on
top of a barbed-wire fence.
If there is a spot on tae globe where the
British lion can lie down ana take a rest
he would like to know where it is.
There are as many thorns as jewels in
the Russian crown, and while the people
cannot see them the Czar feels them.
If this should turn out to be an earth
quake breeder let us hope it will give the
weather bureau the needed shake-up.
We thought Tillman was haymaking,
but we learn from his badge that he is
using his pitchfork to impale goldbugs.
There is a silver wing to the Democratic
party and there is a gold wing, as we all
know, but where is the bead of the bird?
A journalistic kite that cannot fly with
out a lot of fakes tied to its tail is evi
dently very badly balanced in its make-up.
Republican politics this year appeals to
the homes and firesides of the people, and
the heait of every workingman will re
spond to it.
An extra session of Congress after both
National conventions are held would fill
the political pot so full that no one could
put the lid on.
If all the plots reported to be on foot in
the Transvaal are true, the history of that
country for the next ten years will read
like a dime novel.
If the proposed carnival of the Golden
Gate is to be a success, the committee in
charge must be made broad enough to give
all the people a show.
When young Napoleon went to South
Africa to die he did not know that he was
putting the Napoleonic luster on the future
battlefields of Europe.
If a little country like Mexico can make
a good profit out of the free coinage of sil
ver, why could not a big Nation like ours
handle it with success?
We wish reciprocity with the free silver
countries to the south of us, and therefore
ought to have free silver ourselves in order
to trade with them on eqtial terms.
The workinemen of every branch of
American industry should organize tnem
selves into Republican clubs. This is go
ing to be a campaign for their benefit.
The Czar of Russia may not be strong
enough to keep the peace, but if a war ever
breaks up Western Europe he will be strong
enough to keep a good many of the pieces.
It seems agreed on both sides that the
Democratic convention will split. Each
wing will go off to itself and the body of
the party will be left in a hole in the
ground.
Local Democratic botses bad better ar
range a check system for those who wish
to transfer from one faction to another, so
that irresponsible fellows may be pre
vented from riding with both factions on
one fare.
The voices of the Republican press are
unanimous in approving the selection of
the State Executive Committee of the
party. There was one squeal at first, but
the voice of the squealer has been
squelched.
ON A SILVER BASIS.
The British Minister to Mexico, Sir
Henry Bering, who ia visiting San Fran
cisco, explains in a few words how it is
that the republic of Mexico is prosperous.
Silver is the money ot the country. All
the business is transacted with silver dol
lars, and when any other nation wants
Mexican products golu is received for
them. This brings plenty of gold into the
country to pay interest on bonds and other
obligations where gold is specified. By
this method the currency of the people is
stable and uniform, and in volume it is
fully eqnal to all demands. Of course
Wall street would declare that kind of
financiering idiotic to the last extreme,
but since the proof of the pudding is lound
in chewing the pudding itself, and since,
too, Mexico is prosperous, every line
of industry, commerce, mining and agri
culture being in a healthy condition and
steadily expanding, it would seem that
Wall street and all the rest of the United
States could not do better than absorb
some of Mexico's knowledge of the science
of finance.
Minister Bering gives it as his opinion
that Mexico will continue to be prosper
ous co long as she holds on to her present
monetary system, and he adds to the full
extent that diplomatic etiquette allows
that just such a Bysiem is needed in the
United States to broaden and deepen our
avenues of commercial operation. But Sir
Henry no more than voices the belief of the
great producing class of this as well as of
his own mother country. It is an unde
niable fact that practically all people of
England, Germany and the United States
who are not speculators in money fluctu
ations;, money-lenders or bond brokers, and
their political strikers, are decidedly for
the most liberal coinage possible of silver,
and when snch a statesman as Sir Henry
Dering not only indorses the monetary
system of Mexico, but points to the pros
perous and strongly entrenched position
of the various lines of business in that
country to bear him witness of the truth
of what he is saying, it would seem that
there is very much more evidence Sf lu
nacy in Wall street than among those who
develop the country's resources.
Perhaps the most absurd and illogical
argument of the goldites is, that if you
melt a $10 gold piece its commodity value
is ?till $10, and that ten silver dollars
melted are worth about $•> as commodity.
Of course, that is so. Would any one be
fool enough to sell his 258 grains of
standard gold for les3 than $10, when he
could carry it to the mint and have it
coined into $10 without expense? Is that
not why standard gold bullion i 3 of equal
value with the same quantity coined?
Would 412^ grains of standard silver have
a commercial value of only 50 cents, if its
owner had the privilege of taking it to a
mint and having it coined without expense
to himself into $1? Does not the coin
value of silver and gold fix their com
modity value? A Mexican silver dollar
may be melteo., but it retains its value of
$i because its owner can take it to the
mint and have it coined into $1 free ot
charge. Therefore, what is it that makes
metallic money "honest money"? Why,
simply giving it the privileges of the mint.
Nothing more nor less. As we have said,
the reason why 238 grains of standard gold
is worth $10 is because the Government
will stamp "Ten Dollars" upon it and
make it a legal tender for that number of
dollars. Now. all that the advocates of
bimetallism ask is that the same privilege
be given to 412V£ grains of standard silver
that is given to 25 8-10 grains of standard
gold. Then the whole problem oi bimetal
lic money will have been solved.
THE PURPOSE OF TRUSTS.
Industrial trusts and railway combines
are condemned by all eood people, as they
should be, and in this connection it is well
to remark that one of the conspicuous fea
tures of Cleveland's administration is his
disinclination to disturb the trusts in their
raids upon the pocketbooks of the people.
It is said by some, that it is impossible to
prevent the formation of pools, combines
and trusts, but to admit that is to admit a
weakness in our system of government
which was not supposed to pxist. The in
centive which brings individual corpora
tions together in singleness of desire is
greed, aud the ultimate purpose is to
cheapen production and increase prices so
as to secure a wider margin of profit. A
trust is a combination of kindred interests
to so control the process and output of
production that all agencies will be obliged
to contribute muck of what should be
their share for the part they play.
But there are trusts and combines other
than those which control manufacture and
transportation, and it may be said that
they are far more injurious to the health
of the body politic than indus
trial and railway combines. "We re
fer to political combines between
party bosses for the control of public
offices, municipal improvement contracts
and the expenditure of the public's- money.
Combines of this kind seek to secure a
mortgage on the electoral freedom of the
people by secret combines which put a
price upon political preferment. Every
city has more or less of these combines.
The members of them nave no other nor
do they want any other means of support.
The industrial trust assesses all who
labor for it and all who consume its prod
uct. The political trust assesses candi
dates all the way from before the primary
up to and through the convention and on
to the closing of the polls on election day.
Failure to pay the assessments means
failure of the trust to deliver the votes
agreed upon. But it is the taxpayers who
finally foot the bills. The Democratic
party crested the political trust in 1852,
when Franklin Pierce was candidate for
President, and if other party bosses have
since employed the same kind of methods
it was taught to them by Democrats who
had deserted their own party. But, any
way, the political trust has come to be a
power and a dangerous influence in the
life of the Nation, and to the utter destruc
tion of which combine every good citizen
sh ould feel it his duty to lend a hand.
THE SUGAR BOUNTY.
The decision of the Supreme Court in
the sugar-bounty cases affirms the validity
of the law and obliges Comptroller Bowler
to obey it. The amount due sugar-pro
ducers is, in round numbers, $0,100,000,
and the amount of the appropriation $5,
-250,000, but most likely Congress will not
hesitate to provide for the deficiency if it
can be shown that* all the claims are valid.
There should never have been any hesi
tation on the part of the Government to
settle these bills, and, in fact, had Comp
troller Bowler not overestimated the au
thority that his office confers upon him
there would have been no cause for litiga
tion. The Wilson-Gorman bill did not in
tend to abrogate contracts made under the
law it repealed, but the Comptroller
thought otherwise, and refused to sign
vouchers for the payment of the bounty
earned before the new act took effect.
Oiie-of the peculiarities of the law creat
ing the office of Comptroller makes his
rulings superior to the Secretary of the
Treasury or the President. When Presi
dent Harrison was asked to order his
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 37, 1896.
Comptroller to approve certain claims,
which the treasury had allowed and the
Auditor had made a record of, he surprised
his petitioners by telling them that he had
no authority to oblige the Comptroller to
approve or disapprove anything. Mr. Har
rison then said tlia; under the law it was
the business of the Comptroller to verify
all bills payable; that no one bad authority
to overrule his conclusions as to the cor
rectness of his objections to paying given
claims, and that the only way himself or
the Secretary of the Treasury could pro
tect an honest claimant was to remove the
Comptroller for cause when he refused to
do what bu superiors thought he should
do.
But Mr. Bowler did not set up the plea
that the sugar-bounty bills had not been
properly rendered and vouchered. He as
sumed the right to pass upon the consti
tutionality of the law, and because he
made up his mind that the law was in op
position to the constitution he refused to
let a single one of the sugar-bounty claims
pass through his office. It was because he
turned himself into a court of law rather
than because he exercised the authority of
his office that he was cited before the
Supreme Court. The only thing now left
him to do to hinder payment of the bounty
is to discover clerical mistakes in the
figures of the auditor's or the treasury's
bookkeeper, but he is not likely to at
tempt anything of that sort, and the sugar
producers may reiy upon receiving the
sums due them.
FOR TERRITORIAL CONQUEST
Between denunciation of England by
the press and the Colonial Society of Ger
many and England's determination to not
only hold on to her possessions in South
Africa but to acquire more, an armed con
flict between the two nations may result.
It would be a mistake to suppose that
either Germany or Great Britain is actu
ated by a desire to better the material in
terests of the people of Southwestern
Africa. Both are aiming at territorial
acquisitions and the extension of their
political power. That the German Colo
nial party is squarely backed by the Gov
ernment and all factions no one doubts.
The Reichstag did not hesitate to grant the
Government a credit of 2,000,000 marks to
equip and maintain additional troops for
the German military forces now in South
Africa. The bill granting the credit men
tioned that it was for the puruose of hav
ing an ample force to suppress any upris
ing of the natives, but it was, in fact, to be
better prepared for any emergency that
might arise in Germany's effort to get
ahead of England in the race for more ter
ritory.
The feeling of the Germans is distinctly
shown in their criticism of President Kru
ger showing so much magnanimity toward
the men who were captured in the invasion
by the Johannesburg so-called'army of re
form. On the other hand, the British Colo
nial Secretary, Joseph Chamberlain, is ag
gressively vehement in his denunciation of
Kruger's Government for its vindictive
treatment of the invaders. It is hard to
see how Germany and England can help
resorting to arms otherwise than by agree
ing upon a division of the South Africa
country, but that would be diflicult, for the
question of who should have the lion's
»hare would be a knotty one.
It will be observed that the people of
South Africa are not to be consulted, but
overrun and thrashed into obedience.
President Kruger knew very well" what
Germany meant by offering to sustain the
neutrality of the Transvaal Republic. He
knew it meant a manufactured opportu
nity to send German troops that, when
once there in force, will never vacate.
Great Britain has quit playing diplomacy
in the affair, and proclaims what she
wants and what she will have— because it
is her due. The affair is now quite mixed
up as between England and Germany, but
it is the people and their native and nat
ural rights that are between the nether
and upper millstones of these territory
seeking nations.
FOR WORK AND WAGES.
The coming campaign is to be a contest
for American industry against foreign
competition. The Republican party will
seek a return to power in order that it may
re-enact the protective system that is es
sential to our prosperity.
In its last analysis, therefore, it will be a
business rather than a political canvass.
It will be carried on for the benefit of in
dustry and trade; it will mean work and
wages, and its issues will affect the home
ana the fireside, as well as the Nation.
The objects for which the canvass is to
be conducted by the Republicans renders
it in a special sense a workingmen's cam
paign. This fact should be emphasized at
every stage of the contest. Every branch
of industry that has been injured and de
pressed by the Democratic tariff ought to
organise a Republican club to take part in
the canvass.
Such clubs of workingmen parading in
torchlight processions would have a
marked effect upon the popular mind, and
would do much to remind the country
how widespread have been the disasters
caused by Clevelandism.
It is not too much to say that every
great industry of California from wool to
fruit has suffered from the Democratic
tariff. In this State a workingman's cam
paign would be virtually a clean sweep for
the Republican party. That, therefore, is
the campaign that shouid be organized.
Men who wish work and wages should get
into line for patriotism, protection and
prosperity.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
The sixteen pages of The Weekly Call
are filled with news from home and
abroad, though California news is always
given the preference. It is also a com
pendium of all that is new in the realms
of art, science and literature, and always
contains special articles from topics of the
day. In order that readers may be en
abled to view questions from different
points, letters from toe people, without
regard or creed or political affiliations, are
admitted, treating of prevailing customs
ana conditions. The Weekly Call, as
well as the Daily, speaus for all. It ap
pears to-day and will be found interesting
to all who wish a summary of the week's
news.
AND TEXAS, TOO.
Texas is driving ahead in the direction
of protection at a rate that will pat her
squarely in the Republican column of 1900.
An immense quantity of iron is to be had
in Eastern Texas, and coal and limestone
in plenty. There is no reason why there
should not be furnaces, foundries, iron
mills, nailmills and every other kind of
mills that work iron up into mer
chantable products established where
the iron ore deposits are, and all
these^ things suggest to the enterprising
Fort Worth Gazette the importance of es
tablishing broom factories, canning fac
tories, knitting mills and every other
known industry, as Texas can supply the
raw material for all the needs of man.
But how can all this be accomplished with
profit unless the Galveston and all other
harbors in and out of Texas are guarded
against the competing product of the
pauper labor of Europe?
Texas is not quite ready to go over to
th« protection party, but her business
men are free to admit that the vast re
sources of the State cannot be developed
in the face of a competition that would
make their development a money-losing
process. But now that the belief is enter
tained pretty generally that Texas could
be made one of the leading manufactur
ing States, it is reasonable to suppose
that public opi nion will drift in the direc
tion of an appreciation of the need of pro
tection as the fonndation for all the fur
naces, foundries and mills the people are
longing for. It would be a curious thing
to see Texas return Republican electors,
but she certainly is considering the matter
very seriously.
PERSONAL.
Silas Code of Sacramento is at the Lick.
Dr. J. C. Bwartz of San Jose is in the City.
Dr. R. Rudolf of England is at the Palace.
K. K. Shelton of Arizona is among the recent
arrivals here.
G. W. King and wife of Fresno are at the
Cosmopolitan.
Thomas A. Kecb. of Orange, N. J., arrived
here yesterday.
A. N. Kettkman, a fruit-grower of Mountain
View, is in town.
W. T. Snyder, a hotel proprietor of Santa
Rosa, is in town.
County Surveyor Preston R. Davis of Santa
Rosa Is at the Russ.
G. F. Geil, the banker, of Salinas, was among
yesterday's arrivals.
A. Spencer of Townsville, Queensland, ar
rived here yesterday.
Louis A. Sage, the late owner of Congress
Springs, is at the Lick.
N. 6. ilcKinney, a business man of Susan
ville, is on a visit here.
W. Richardson, a lumber manufacturer of
Tiuckee, Is at the Russ.
J. A. Cooper, the attorney, of Ukiah, has ar
rived here on a brief trip.
W. K. Schricker, a business man of La Con
ner. Wash., i» at the Occidental.
Hcott Ford, a capitalist of Salt Lake, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. C. Hamilton, the mining superintendent,
of Gold Hill, Nev., is at the Palace.
George A. Smith, an extensive land-owner
and fruit-grower of Coartland, ia in town.
George Robb of Los Angeles, a grape-grower
and manufacturer of wine, is at the Russ.
W. W. Hamilton, a business man of Helena,
Mont., is in the City, accompanied by Mrs.
Hamilton.
Mrs. Dr. K. Maldonado of Mazatlan arrived
here by the Orizaba yesterday and is at the
Occidental.
L. H. Frankentbal, the merchant, of Stock
ton, is in the City on a business trip. He is
at the Grand.
Thomas Uammill, a wealthy cattle-raiser of
Sonora, is staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel
with his family.
Fred E. Wadsworth, cashier of one of the
banks at Yreka, is at the Grand. He is one of
the best-known residents of Siskiyou County.
Starter Ferguson of the Ingleside and Bay
District tracks will leave to-day for the East
to renew his connection with the. circuits there
during the season.
E. R. Cleveland, one of the owners of the
Los Augeles Express, is at the Palace, accom
panied by Mrs. Cleveland and Miss Alice S.
Cleveland of Cleveland, Ohio.
R. Is. Markle of Fort Bra^g, who owns gold
properties twelve miles from Sitka and fifty
five miles from Juneau and who has been here
from Alaska since March, will sail on the
Umatilla on Friday to push the work on his
mines. "The exact location of the property, "
said he last night, "is at Hunters Bay, Ad
miralty Island. We have a ten-stamp mill
running there and have worked from thirty
five to forty men all winter. We have a num
ber of ledges there, and iv all have twenty
one claims."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
RXW YORK, N. V., May 2tt.— At the Plaza,
Mr. and Mrs. Whittett; St. Cloud, Miss Harris;
Kverett, Mrs. J. J. Valentine; Netherlands, J.
Cunningham, Mr. and Mrs. F. 8. Johnson; Im
perial, J. Malowaußky, Miss Malowausky;
Grand Union, M. A. Rodman; Park Avenue,
H. M. Sherman; New Amsterdam, C. K.
Thomas. Sailed per steamship New York for
Southampton, S. Kousakahl, Mr. and Mrs.
Victor Murray, F. A. Nettle ton, Dr. I'asqua,
Mr. Pohiutha, C. Waterhouse.
"THE CALL" LEADS.
Ventura Independent.
Woman suffraga is not the only item of pub
lic interest which The Call has forced less en
terprising journals to recognize.
TO BE COMMENDED.
Redlands Citrograph.
The San Bernardino Sun classes John D.
Spreckels as a political "boss." He does not
give us any such impression. He seems to as
pire to be a "leader," which is entirely differ
ent from a "boss." "Leaders" we must have
if we would accomplish anything, but "bosses"
are odiun. Mr. Bpreckels has downed the cor
rupt political bosses of San Francisco, and is
to be commended for his good work in that
respect.
THE SINGLE TAX.
San Francisco Star.
Tun Call was the first San Francisco daily to
give the slngle-taxers any hearing at all. Now
comes the Examiner once a week with a
single-tax department, ably edited by Hon.
Joseph Leggett, It's an encouraging sign
when the daily press takes up a cause. It does
not prove that the cause is just, but it does
Drove that it is becoming popular. When
tnere were less than a hundred single- tax-.-rs
in the whole State, the Star stood alone. Now
that there are thousands, it has plenty com
pany. Good!
GIRL'S DRESS WITH POINTED YOKE
A graceful gown of figured mohair of a
pretty shade ot dark blue Is shown here.
The yoke and cuffs are of creamy lace over
white taffetas.
Another gown made after the same model
was of dotted lawn with yoke and cuffs of
embroidery.
A flax-colored batiste had yoke and cuffs of
the same embroidered in white. A white rib
bon collar was worn with this.
A dress of mixed brown cheviot had yoke
and cuffs of plain grass-green taffetas with
rows of narrow brown braid almost cover
ing it.
Adress of blue cambric had trimmings of
white embroidery. A striped pink and white
B v S^am n »d cutta and yoke of plain pink over
which white lace was laid.
.. T °e ww * lst has a fitted lining and fastens in
the back.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Dr. Herbert Meister of Frankfort-on-the-
Main, who manufactures anti-pyrtne and anti
toxine for fever ana diphtheria in enormoua
quantities, is at the Palace.
Dr. Meister is accompanied by Dr. Robert
Pschorr, son of the world-famed brewer of
Munich, who died some two years a*o.
The gentlemen are traveling for pleasure.
They left Frankfort on March 24 last and have
since seen the big cities of the East. They
have also nad some experiences in the West
that were fraught with interest, for they were
at Cripple Creek at the time of the great fire
there.
The sights they saw In connection with the
hurried removal of women and children and
the transfer of goods were to them very strange.
Dr. Meister employs 3000 men in his great
anti-pyrtne and anti-toxine factory. It is at
Dr. Herbert Meister, the Millionaire Manufacturer of Antitoxine, Who Is Now
Here.
{Sketched from life by a " Call " arttit.]
Hoechst, on the Main, a suburb of Frankfort,
and nearly the whole population work for
him.
"The anti-pyrine is a cure for fever, as the
anti-toxine is a cure for diphtheria," said Dr.
Meister. "I am not myself a doctor of medi
cine, but a doctor of chemistry. However,
these remedies are cures, as has lately been
demonstrated. I count a great era in medical
science when these remedies were discovered.
"'So one can tell the good that will result
throughout the world. We also manufacture
dye-stuffs and other things, besides the anti
pyrine and anti-toxine.
"We have been much interested in viewing
the United State*. Since reaching California
we have visited Riverside, Los Angeles, Yo
semite and Monterey, and we will next see
Hawaii, China, Japan, India, Cape Town and
the Transvaal."
These gentlemen will sail to-morrow on the
Monowai.
Colonel John S. Mosby, the noted guerrilla
leader during the war, afterward Consul to
Hongkong under President Grant, has been
quite ill at the Hotel Imperial, on Sucter
street, for two weeks past.
Colonel Mosby, while on a visit to Washing
ton over a year ago, was stricken very ill with
the grip. He was confined to his bed for sev
eral weeks, and as will be remembered by the
dispatches was in a dangerous condition. He
recovered finally and returned here, looking
pale after his long siege.
This illness seems to have not been totally
eradicated, and was probably the cause of his
recent sickness here. He is considerably bet
ter now, however, and his friends hope that he
will soon be able to be out again and meet his
old friends, who have for somb time missed
him.
Colonel Mosby's famous lorays in the valleys
of the Rappahannock, Rapidan and in other
places in the Virginias made him for a long
time the most-talked-about man in the
country.
When Lee surrendered at Apponiatox and
word was sent to Mosby that the war was over,
and to come in and throw down bis arms, he
said he didn't care if Lee had surrendered, he
hadu't. He kept up his forays till the frolick
some deeds of Colonel Mosby began to impress
General Grant very seriously.
Finally, however, Mosby gave up fighting of
bis own accord and came into camp. He got
to be such a great friend of the "silent man on,
horseback" that Grant sent him as Minister to
China. This close friendship was maintained
to the time of Grant's death.
Dr. Tlrrell has been in attendance on Colonel
Mosby. It is stated that tm> colonel's present
ailment is appendicitis. He has been alter
nately better and worse for saveral days. Last
night the colonel sent out word that he was
getting along very slowly. There were -many
inquiries in regard to bis condition yesterday.
His son and two or three daughters have for
some years been living in Washington, D. C.
A few years ago his son was here, and re
mained with him for about a year and then
went to Washington.
A SILVERY SONG.
It's silver here, and silver there
it's silver, silver, everywhere;
It's silver that la safe and sound—
It's silver that makes the world go round.
fling! Cling!
The dollars ring!
They warm the winter, cool the spring I
It's silver here, It's silver there—
The sunshine silvers through the air;
Down in the valley, on the hill,
It's silver, silver, silver still!
Cling! Cudr!
The dollars Hd«!
They warm the winter, cool the spring!
-Fbask STANToy in Atlanta Constitution
PEOPLE WE HAVE HEARD ABOUT.
Queen Victoria nas a marked preference for
gray horses, and throughout her holiday on
the Riviera a magnificent pair of this color
have been in almost daily use.
Baron Clemens yon Ketteler, Counselor and
First Secretary of the German Embasay, who
has long been popular in Washington society,
has been appointed German Minister to Mexico.
Zola refreshes himself by Inspecting and
superintending his properly and workmen.
He is thorougnly happy in the midst of brick
i and mortar, and enjoys nothing more than the
eound of hammers.
"Oulda's" hands and feet are said to be per
fect in shape and proportion. To keep Her
feet from being contorted by unnatural pres
sure on the bones, she always wears, summer
and winter alike, open buckled shoes.
The Secretary of State, Mr. Olney. is said to
be the best tennis player among the members
of the Cabinet It Is his favorite gtme, and,
aside from walking, which he indulges in
every afternoon alter leaving his office, his
chief, exercise.
One of the favorite maxims of the late Arsene
Houssaye, the famous French critic, was a quo
tation from Pythagoras: "Hold thy peace or
say something: which is better than silence."
This he had inscribed over the door of his
house.
By the death in Paris of the Due ac Vicence,
at the age of 81, the dukedom becomes extinct,
and with it the family of De Caulaincourt in
the male line. The deceased was the son of
Napoleon's Embassador at the court of Russia
from 1807 to the beginning of the French in
vasion.
The Marchioness of Drogheda, whose death
is announced, was a leader fit fashion in her
day. She was the only peeress frequenting re-
ceptions in Dublin Castle who resolutely and
consistently refused to allow herself to be
kissed by a Lord Lieutenant at the Viceregal
drawing-room reception.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
Mr. McX in ley's record furnishes a satisfac
tory answer to ail questloaert who care to read
it.— New York Press.
Unfortunately for the other candidates, Mc-
Kinley pre-empted the only Mark Hanna in
the country.— Baltimore llerala.
Reed has again become humorous. The poli
tician who turns humorist turns his back on
the Presidency.— St. Louis Republic
Possibly the Democratic party intends to go
before the country this year on the strength of
a few things it didn* t do.— New York Press.
Speaker Reed's epigrammatic "Huh," when
asked if he would take the nomination for
Vice-President, promises to become historical.
— Athol Transcript. _
McKinley has never said : "I am for a single
gola standard." And that is why the Xew
York goldbngs are getting up in the night to
groan.— Wichita Eagle.
Ex-President Harrison isn't bothering about
the St. Louis convention. He and his bride
have gone to finish out their honeymoon in the
Adirondacks.— Minneapolis Tribune.
We take it upon ourselves to nominate the
Hon. Thomas Bracken Reed of Maine for the
Vice-Presidency. He needs no introduction to
the American people, nor do the American
people need any introduction to him.—Cincin
nati Commercial Gazette.
Of course it Is possible that McKinley may be
nominated, but the outlook still favors the
field, and we believe that the field favors Alli
son for second choice. Therefore the Allison
men ar j standing firm, and the field cannot be
deceived by Grosvenor'a false figures or by the
New York Tribune's padded list of deleeates
which, with all of its padding, gives McKinley
o nly 411 votes— 44 votes less than a majority
— Dcs Moines Register.
SMILE AND KEEP COOL.
Bilzim— l've found one good way to get
around the high-hat nuisance when I go to the
theater.
Jabzin— You have? . Let's hear it.
Bllzim— Why, buy a seat in the front row, of/
course.— Roxbury Gazette. . '
"I presume you carry a memento of some
sort in that locket of yours ?"
"Precisely; it is a lock of my husband's
hair."
"But your husband Is still alive."
. "Yes, sir; but his hair is all gone."— Bits.
Mr. Bullion (severely)— Yon say you didn't
come to the office yesterday afternoon because
you had to attend a funeral. Who was it that
was buried ?
Office-boy (with engaging frankness)— The
umpire.— Somervllle Journal. •
Undertaker— this won't do; where is
the sixth pallbearer? .
"He is— er— that ia, he is proposing to the
widow." Life. .
Califoxm a glace fruits, 500 lb. Townsend's.*
Fresh buttercups, a pound. Townsend's.*
COFFET'a Collection Company removed to
235 Kearny street. •
Genuine eyeglasses, 150, 81 J* Fourth St., near
barber, Sundays, 738 Market (Kastshoe store)*
Special information daily to manufacturers.
mn n £ ouges an public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• — ♦__
Commencement at ' Mills : To-Day — A
Distinguished Guest.
The commencement Exercises at Mills Col
lege will take place thia afternoon at 2 o'clock
Leave the City on the 12:30 boat and make
close connection at Fruitvale by special train
to Mills.
The annual address will be given by Rev L.
H. Hallock, D.D.; the diplomas bestowed and
M «^es Conferred by the president, Mrs. C. T.
t. A rare pleasure for ..the day will be the
presence of the world-renowned basso of Lon
don, Signor Foil, who is on the coast for a few
days, and r has consented to sing at ■ the com
mencement exercises. Those who have heard
his magnificent voice in the Crystal Palace in
London or in other European capitals will ap
preciate the compliment of this kindly ser
vice. The signor is a great favorite through all
Europe, - but • has not been beard in many
American cities. He is at the Palace, but will
SKassr&r--; He . wm . probably^!
LEGITIMATE JOURNALISM.
New York Newspaper Makeii •
The Newspaper Maker is in esire so
cord with the San Francisco CaA'b Tien
that a newspaper should sell newalnd not
books, bicycles or baby-carrJaiß. 11
should aim to give its readers the pine o1
their money in fullness of its rej)rt3 oJ
trade, politics, society and all the abound
ing activities of life. If it cannjt gira
news enough to justify the charge iamaket
It should cease to call itself a nenpapex
and solicit subscriptions only for ifr cou
pons and their chances.
The subject, however, has another ispect
that is too often overlooked. Thqpresi
stands in almost a confidential relatbn to
business. The newspaper and the mer
chant are allies. They are of mktual
helpfulness when each is conducted in
legitimate channels. When the news
paper, however, combines its press with a
junkshop and proceeds to issue coupns
by which people can get a cheap sop. of
books, bicycles or baby carriages at prices
lar below what good articles can be p\d
for by men who have a reputation as hon
est merchants to maintain, then the prtss,
instead of being the ally, becomes the loe
of the merchant.
Instead of building up trade it tends to da
moralize it, and not infrequently seriously
injures business by introducing into ■
community an overstock of cheap articles
of one kind or another that prevents tte
•ales of the merchant.
Sir H. H. Kitchener, who is In command oi
the British expedition to Dongola, speaki
Arabic like a native. He understands the Sou
danese thoroughly, their customs and their
temperament. In the Nile campaign of 1884-83
it was his diplomacy that enabled the British
to make allies of a great many lukewarm
sheiks.
"I shall nave to apply for a divorce. He Is
treating me like a dog, and he makes me work
like ahorse."
"Well, then, you should make your com
plaint to the Society for the Protection of
Animals, and not to the courts. I'—L'lllustre1 '— L'lllustre de
Poche.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED "
Via Union Pacific.
ONLY Sl^ DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3%
u«i.x 4 y 2 DAY s TO NEW YORK—
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San ' Francisco to Chicago, dally without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday. *'
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply (•
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
» * » ■ - ■ ■
Stanford .Excursion.
Join our Stanford Excursion, which leaves San
Francisco at 7 p. K. Thursday, the 28th lost., via
Northern Pacific Kailroad. Special cars, stopping
at the Yellowstone Park. T. K. Stateler. General
Agent, 688 Market street. San Francisco.
"Mrs. AYins low's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. .For said by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and ask
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
•— » — •
. Cobokado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip ' tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotaldal
Coronado, $60; longer stay f2 50 per day. Apply
4 Sew Montgomery at, San Fraicisoo.
• ♦ — «
"What do you think of my work with the
camera?" asked the young man, who is an en
thusiastic amateur photographer. '
"It's splendid, in its way," replied the girl
who means well. "It's better than any of the
professional caricaturists can do."—Washing
ton Star.
_-__^^^|_.V.2^W. TO-PAT. ■ •■
ClTfiPil
Great Bargain Sale
■ ;■■■■■.;- O3B?— — -;i:
Tailor=Made
OUTING SUITS
AND CAPES!
Navy Blue and Scotch -
' Tweed Blazer and
Single-breasted Jack-
ets, with full skirts — •;
_ $10.00
Tailor-made Suits, open
jackets, with silk fac-
ing, lined skirts—
>__ $13.50
Navy Blue and Black
Serge Suits, silk-lined
jackets, with cuta- !
ways and box fronts — ■
$15, $17.50, $18.50
A Fine Line of Hand- •
some Capes, assorted
colors and silk lined —
_. $7.50
Alpaca arid Serge Skirts
: lined — ; , -
55.00. $7.00
SB HABtA BSPANOL.
G. VERDIEfT & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Qraht Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE.
§||| LOS ANGELES.WKDXJSPAY MAY 27, 1H96
AMUSEMENTS. '
Bai&HW ""tATKK.-" Midsummer Night's
Dream, to-niaht.
t* ol.ol bi a ■» n katkr— II arum Scarum,'
to-morow nigbu
Mob-sco's urKRA-HocßK— "Metamora."
"i ivili Opbra-Housk.— "Uncle Tom s Cabin."
Orptkum— High-Class Vaudeville.
ThiKmporium.— Concerts Tuesday and Thurs-
day D-'lits this week by Emporium Orchestra .
<;oi >en Gatb Halt-— Grand Concert, Thursday
even in?. May -.8. y ,.
.. i'KU'LK B I'ai.ace Thkateb— Corner Mason and
lvs;r;>ets— Physical Culture Contest, Thursday
eveuug, aiay 28. -,.-, . -
- *-uko Conky Iblanb— Bathing and Perform-
Sjoot thk Chutes— Dally at Haight street, one
tlo^c east of the Park. \
B.y District Tkack— to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
H">! For thk Santa Cbcz Mountains.— The
iirrt Anniversary Excursion and Family Picnic
of ue Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
ben on Thursday, May 28, at ulenwood Par*.
AUCTION SALIiS.
ST FT. XXELEH-This day, (Wednesday), Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearny street, at '2. p. m.
. By S. BASCH-This day (Wednesday), Furni-
tcre, at 1008 Hyde street, at 11 clock.
By Shainwam). Bitkbee & co.-This day
(Wednesday), Real Estate, at salesroom, 218
Aloni joinery street, at 12 o'clock.
*6 £ j M i M *BCCSK-Thursday, May 28, Flags, etc.,
ft 814 Broadway, Oakland, at 10:30 o'clock.
By Killip A Co.— Friday. May 28. Horses,
*t corner Tenth and Bryant sis., at 11 o'clock.
By Suluvak <fc Doylb— Thursday, May 28,
torses, etc., at 220 Vale street, at 11 o'clock.
By Easton & Eldhidoe— June 2
Iteal Estate, at 638 Market bu, at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Samuel M. Shortridge has declined the nomi
nation for School Director.
E. W. Hopkins was yesterday elected presi
dent of the Pacific-Union Club.
Fair Wednesday and not so warm.—Alexan
der G. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
The police yesterday received no informa
tion about Murderer Blanther's movements.
Father Mulligan lectured last night to an
open meeting at Mission Opera Hall on "Cath
olic Fraternity."
After organizing and drafting a constitution
the Spiritualistic Convention adjourned yes
terday afternoon.
General Manager Vining declares he will
obey the proposed new transfer law as soon as
it becomes opera: ive.
The annual literary entertainment and social
dance of the Caledonian Club in Scottish Hall
last night was a great success.
The carnival committee has elected perma
nent officers and decided to get $50,000 sub
scribed before launching the nesta.
Miss Emma Site was ordered into custody by
Judge Conlnn yesterday for contempt of court,
and will appear for sentence to-day.
Warrago, Dolore, Road Warmer, Instigator,
N»ll Flaherty and Oregon Eclipse were the
winners at the Bay District yesterday.
The trial of the eight members of the Lathers'
Lnion accused of murdering C. A. Mass com
menced before Judge Belcher yesterday.
Bids for the construction of the new City
Hall roof and the finishing of the dome were
opened by the City Hall Commissioners.
Chief Crowley has notified the police that
they must not lend their aid in ejecting pas
sengers from cars for non-payment of fares.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion has adopted a trademark to protect home
industries ironi Eastern and convict competi
tion.
Yesterday the mercury in San Francisco
climbed up to 90 degs. Fahrenheit, and the ef
fect was to send the people out in search of sea
bree7.es.
The heirs ot Joshua Hendy have answered^
the contestants of his will with a specific
denial oi each allegation of undue influence
and unsoundness of mind.
The case of Archie Johnson against the Men
docino Lumber Company, a suit for $2.3,000
for the loss oi a limb) lias been compromised.
The aefendants will pay $3000.
Satellite Lodge, Companions of the Forest,
Ust night upheld the action of the members
■who left th»- recent convention at Ukiah and
Voted to withdraw Irom the Grwid Lodge of
Foresters.
Afppssot Piebe was arTested yesterday morn
ing on complaint of John W. Darragh, who ac
cused him of having under-assessed Judge
William T. Wallace's property below its actual
cash value.
Miss Lillian Ashley was still on the stand
yesterday, nor has h.T ordeal yet ended. She
was undergoing redirect examination by Mr.
Crittenden. Her testimony related to her let
ters to Baldwiu.
The trades unions of this City have taken up
the fight against the. importation and sale of
convicr-made goods. The Ironmolders* Union
will urge the Pacific Coast representatives in
Congress to support the bill prohibiting the
shipment of prison goods from one State into
another.
At a gathering of citizens held yesterday at
the Chamber of Commerce under the auspices
of the Board ol Health a strong sentiment was
expressed in favor of a better system of food
and drink inspection and an improved ambu
lance service. The details were referred to a
special committee that will meet to-day.
SHORTRIDGE DECLINES.
Superintendent of School* Babcock
Mast Look Further for a Candidate
for School Director.
Samuel M. Shortridge has notified Super
intendent oi Schools Babcock that while
he appreciates the honor, he will be com
pelled to decline the school directorship
tendered him by the superintendent. Mr.
Shortridge assigns as a reason the man}'
demands of his profession on his timp,
and the fact that he will speak throughout
the Ptate in the interests of the Republi
can party during the coming campaign.
Mr. Babcock said yesterday that he re
gretierj exceedingly that Mr. Shortridge
Vould not accept the position, as he was
in every way qualified for it, but that un
der the circumstances there was nothing
to do but look for another candidate.
Balloon Fireworks.
One of the prettiest sights ever witnessed in
the City was the balloon ascension and para
chute drop followed by the searchlight, given
by Kmil Markeberg at the chutes last night.
The grounds were packed with a warm, good
natured crowd, and when the balloon was
freed every movement of the aeronaut could
be plainly seen till he became a mere speck.
Then he flred a number of roman candles
while the light was temporarily taken off him,
and he cut loose. He landed safely at Grove
and Devisfldero streets. He will make another
ascension under similar circumstances at the
Hnight-street grounds at 9:30 this evening.
Forfeited to the Government.
United States District Attorney Foote bepan
=\ii? in the District Court yesterdny to declare
certain cigars ana fixtures, formerly the
property of Wonjr, Chang, forfeited. Some
weeks apo Special Agent Thomas, at the in
stigation of Collector Welburn, raided the
store of Chung, seizing among other things
4l!'<> cigars. Collector Weiburn, through
District Attorney Foote, now seeks to have
■ these articles forfeited to the Government.
Runaway Boys.
The police are looking for two boys who
have run away from their homes. James
Brown, 14 years of age, who is of an adven
turous torn of mind, has not been seen for
some days. His parents live at 320 Golden
'.iite avenue. David Davis, 13 years of ajte.
living at 149 Tehama street, and J. H. <Ole,
aged 14. living «t 13'J Naioma utrcet, have
been nm-inr? since Kanmiay.
Unliadajr'a Strong Protest.
B. W. Halladay sent to the Board of Super
visrir' yesterday a vigorously wordea protest
against the prantinj; to the Spring Valley
V\ater Company any part of Lafayette Park
for a reservoir site. He claimed that the
board had no right to dispose of any part of
the park, and .that if the company wanted
land for Fuch a purpose it should buy it as it
has in other instances.
VThen B*by was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria,
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Ca&toria,
FIRST OF THE
HALIBUT FLEET,
The Schooner Pilot Arrives
With 25,000 Pounds
of Fish.
RUSH FOR THE DELICACY
Contract for the New Fo<som-
Street Pier Let to James
McMahon.
WIDE RANGE OF THE BIDS.
Captains of Steamers From Abroad
Grumble at tbe Immigra'ion
Commissioner.
The first schooner from the balibnt
grounds got in Monday night, with 25,000
pounds of fish aboard. She is fitly named
the Pilot. Captain Jensen had not fairly
docked her at Fishermen's wharf yester
day before there was a rush of men, women
and children to purchase pieces of the de
licious fish.
The Pilot was fitted out on Puget
Sound, and when she passed out there
were thirty tons of ice in her hold. On t!:e
Cape Scott Banks, near Vancouver Island,
the men. went to work, and as fish were
plentiful they soon had the schooner full.
Fish weighing sixty pounds were com
mon, but the average was thirty pounds.
They were all caught with lines. One line
is called a "skidd," and it is 300 fathoms
long. Attached to it is what is called the
"sit" line, and on it are the hooks. These
latter are placed about two fathoms apart
and the "leaders" are about four feet long.
After being down a certain length of time
the "sit" line is hauled in and another is
run out along the "skidd" in its place. It
took the crew of the Pilot three days to
catch 25,000 pounds of fish. The schooner
mace the run to San Francisco in ten
days.
The Harbor Commissioners let the con
tract for the building of the new Folsom
street pier yesterday. There was a differ
ence of over $30,000 between the highest
and lowest bidder. James McMahon
secured the contract for $37,769 while
Davis, Jackson & Co's offer was $67,935.
The San Francisco Bridge Company's
bid was $41,987 and Healy, Tibbitts & Co's
$42,423.
The Spring Valley Water Company has
decided "to supply the shipping along the
water front itself, and in future Goodall,
Perkins & Co will only attend to vessels in
the bay. They will require office room on
East street. Engineer Schussler was be
fore the board to ask for space and a cheap
rent. The members of the commission
agreed to build an office and storehouse
for the corporation and to charge $30 a
month rent. The water company will be
ready to supply the shipping July 1.
The office of . the State Board of Horti
culture is to be . moved to Sacramento at
once and a room for the use of the qua
rantine office was required on the front.
The Commissioners set a room over the
Chief Wharfinger's office apart for his use.
Owing to the Healy inquiry the revenue
cutters lay much longer at Main-street
wharf last season than usual. The usual
bill was sent in, but the Government re
fuses to pay more than half rates, and sent
a check on that basis. When the cutters
return from Bering Sea they will not be
given space at the wharves until some de
finite agreement has been reached.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Santa Rosa is going on the retired list for
a few weeks. ■ She is to be docked and
thoroughly overhauled for the summer
travel. Her place will be taken by the
Mexico, leaving here on the 29th inst.
The steamer Queen leaves Here on Satur
day to open the Alaska excursion season.
Almost every berth is taken and Captain
Carroll is confident that the excursionists
will have a most enjoyable time.
The Orizaba arrived from Mexican ports
yesterday and Captain yon Helms and
the immigration officer had quite a tilt
over some of the passengers. In the sec
ond cabin there was a woman and her two
children. The husband of the woman
and the children's aunt were waiting for
them on the wharf. Although the chil
dren were born here the immigration
officer would not allow them to land untii
there was proof that they would not be
come public charges. Captain yon Helms
fumed and fretted -and finally produced
the proof. Then the immigration officer
said he would have to examine the women
and children to see that they had np con
tagious disease and took his departure.
A doctor was sent from the Marine Hos
pital, and finally after hours of waiting
the family was landed.
Denny Holland, alias Fagan, was ar
rested by Policeman Aitken and charged
at the Harbor police station with burglary
yesterday. It is alleged he broke into H.
Dutard's place on Sacramento and Davis
streets and was caught making away. with
243 jute sacks.
' The schooners Lily and Ocean Spray,
both bound: out, were in collision this aft
ernoon off Bakers Beach. The Lily had
her foresail torn and taffrail damaged.
The Ocean Spray had her headgear car
ried away. Both vessels returned.
CONTEMPT OF COURT.
Miss Emma Site Ordered Into Custody
by Judge Conlnn. •■ • : •-■ v ;
Emma Bite found herself in an awkward
fix yesterday morning. .Last week she
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court, charging Harry Vernon with misde- !
meanor embezzlement. She told Warrant
Clerk Seaman that Vernon had got $10
from her and had failed to return it. Ver
non had none to Sacramento, and was ar
rested there on Sunday and brought to the
City by Detective Cody.
Yesterday moraine: Miss Site wished to
withdraw the complaint and refused to
testify against Vernon. Judge Conlan dis
missed the case against Vernon and or
dered Miss Site into custody for contempt
o! court. She will appear for sentence to
day.
EDUCATIONAL MATINEE.
The Third of the Series Takes Place
To-Day at 2:30 p. M.
This afternoon at 2 :H0 o'clock the third
of the summer series of matinees tor
women tafces place in the Viavi Hall,
2304 Van Ness avenue, near Vallejo street.
Ladies are cordially welcome to attend.
An excellent selection of subjects has been
made. It is well for women to be informed
on these matters. Information leads to
results which makes life a pleasure. No
admission chareed. •
» » « ,
New Mail Service.
Beginning June 5 a regular mail service will
be established between this point and Una
laska, the commercial steamer Bertha being
the vehicle employed. With the new line set
tlers in the Yukon River district and Herschel
Island will be in constant communication with
the outside world.
Boer* (Van - Discharged.
Commissioner Heacock dismissed Paul Ro
era, arrested on Friday last by Inspector Irwin
on a charge of violating the postal laws. Ro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
The Schooner Pilot, the First of the Halibut Fleet, Wiiich Arrived With 25,000 Pounds of Fish From
the Cape Scott Banks Monday Night.
era admitted having written certain letters to
prominent Italians in adjacent country towns
informing them of mythical packages to their
address by the payment of storage money.
The defendßnt set up the additional claim,
however, that he oould not write English, but
had copied the letters from a person whose ad
dress and name was unknown to him. On this
showing Roera was given his freedom.
CALEDONIAN CLUB.
Success of the Annual Literary Enter-
tainment and Social
Dance.
The literary entertainment and social
dance of the Caledonian Club that pre
cedes the annual gathering and games
took place last night in Scottish Hall.
The hall was packed in every part, and so
enjoyable was the programme that no one
left the hall till the last number was
reached, notwithstanding the sweltering
heat.
Chief JL>. R. McNeill opened the pro
gramme with a few well-chosen and appro
priate remarks, in which he said that the
unusually large attendance augured well
for the success of the annual gathering
and games on Saturday.
The programme consisted of a vocal
solo, "He Was a Prince," by Miss Marian
Chase; bass solo by B. L. Tarbox; Hieh
land fline, by Master Theo Wilder; vocal
solo, "Comin' Thro' the Rye," by Miss
Ethel Graham; barytone solo by W. H.
Hallett; duet, mandolin an«l guitar, by
Misses Lottie and Ida Finlay; dance,
sailors' hornpipe, by Miss Lola O'Brien;
vocal selections, "Up to Date," by J. J.
Cathcart; vocal solo, "My Hame Is
Where the Heather Blooms," by Miss
Daisy May Cressy ; dance, Shean
Treires. by Alexander Beaton; and a
farce, "A Bachelor's Dilemma," by the
De Lasaux Company. Afterward dancing
was commenced and kept up for a few
hours.
The literary committee, to which was
due the success of tne entertainment, was
composed of John McLaren, W. C. Cook
anji Apgus Graham. John Reid, first
chieftain, was chairman of the reception
committee and James Miller was floor
manager.
SAN FRANCISCO'S FIESTA,
Preliminary Preparations for It
Progressing Satisfac
torily.
Steps to Be Taken to Secure Subscrip
tions — Permanent Officers
Elected.
Preliminary arrangements for the com
ing carnival, or "festival," as W. H. Mills
prefers to call it, are progressing favorably,
and the indications are that the wee* to
be devoted to it in October Trill witness
several specially beautiful spectacles, com
prising street and park illuminations,
water carnivals, etc.
At its session last nij;ht the committee
elected the following permanent officers:
President, General R. H. Warfield; vice
presidents, E. J. Baldwin, Judge G. H.
Bahrs, John A. Steinbach; corresponding
secretary, Henry I. Fisber; recording sec
retary, 8. W. Backns; financial secretary,
R. P. Doolan. A treasurer w;il be elected
later. Dr. Joseph Pescia was added to the
executive committee.
An offer from Messrs. Friedlanler and
Gottlob, tendering the committee the free
use of the Columbia when it should bt
desired to give an entertainment, was
received with thanks.
At the suggestion of W. H. Mills it was
decided not to adopt any feature of rhe
fiesta until $50,000 had "been subscribed.
Permanent quarters will be established in
the Mills building, rooms there having
been tendered free of exuense.
Messrs. G. H. Bahrs, F. H. Kerrigan and
I. F. Kosenthal were appointed a commit
tee to draft by-laws for the government of
the organization.
General Backus was requested to try to
enlist the co-operation in the festival of
the ladies, who, it Is believed, will con
tribute greatly to its success.
PRINTERS TAKE A HOLIDAY.
First Anniversary Picnic of the Print
ers' Mutual Aid Society.
The. Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society
will hold their tirst anniversary excursion
and family picnic at Glenwood Park, in
the Santa Cruz Mountains, to-morrow.
A Jarge number is expected to take ad
vantage of the cheap excursion rates of
fered for the occasion and enjoy a day's
outing among the redwoods. "A great
many prizes for both the young folks and
the old will make the occasion a very en
joyable one and long to be remembered by
all who go. '
A band of music will enliven matters on
the excursion, which will leave the Oak
land ferry on the 8:45 narrow- gauge boat
and arrive at Glenwood at 11 o'clock. The
returning train, leaving Glenwood at half
past 5, will arrive in the City at 7:45 p. m.
He Wan a, Pioneer Printer.
George W. Wright, who died suddenly at his
residence on the San Leandro road last Satur
day evening, was an old-time printer and
newspaper man. During the war-he was news
editor of the Toledo Bl.de and afterward of
the Daily Wisconsin, Milwaukee. Subsequently
he came to San Francisco and was enquired
with the firm of Francis, Valentine & Vo
Later he was the senior member of the firm of
Wright & MacKwen. He will be remembered
by all \v!io knew him as ft man of sturdy hon
esty and uprightness of character.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art: This
is the last week of the exhibition. The
last concert will be given on Thursday
evening, when the subscription to the
local art patrons' fund will close and the
distribution of the pictures will take
place. Closing organ recital on Sunday
afternoon, May 31.
•— ♦ — •_
It is estimated that 130.000,000 oysters are
yearly received at Liverpool from abroad.
HEARTLESSNESS
OF RAILROAD MEN
The Southern Pacific Con
fiscates a Woman's
Trunks.
HER NIGHT IN THE DEPOT
Full Fares Demanded for Chil
dren and Baggage
Detained.
THE RULES WON'T BE BROKEN
Other Roads Passed the Travelers,
but a Cinch Was Worked at
the Ferries.
A heartless case of persecution had its
finale on the water front yesterday. It
was' that of the Southern Pacific on one
side and a poor woman and three children
on the other. The corporatior won, and
tne woman, after sending her children on
to their destination, had to walk the
streets all night because she had not the
money to pay for a room.
Her sad case was called to the attention
of Superint^nder.? Whiting of tne San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
Company and he at once gave her trans
portation to Geyserville, where her hus
band and children are waiting for her.
In September last John Sheffield left
his home in Waterloo, lowa, to seek a new
location in California. He was tired of
the storms, cyclones and tornadoes of the
East, and after many a consultation with
his wife determined to try his fortunes in
the Golden West. He came here and
finally located at Geyserville. There he
built himself a home and when all wan in
readiness he sent for his wife and chil
dren.
Money was not very plentiful, but still
there was enonch to come on. The mother
sold most of her household effects and
Dacked what was left for the long journey
to California. The circumstances of the
ca^e were explained to the railroad agent
and he 1 the mother two full tickets
and one half-ticket to cover the through
fare of Mrs. Sheffield and her three chil
dren to San Francisco.
From Waterloo to Ogden these tickets
were accepted without demur by the rail
way conductors, and the little family felt
happy, thinking that erery mile brought
them" nearer their new hotiie. A few miles
otlt of Ogden the Southern Pacific con
ductor made his rounds and at once de
manded another half-fare from Ogden to
San Francisco. Mrs. Sheffield explained
the circumstances of the case, and said she
hnd not the money wherewith to meet the
demand. The conductor decided not to
put hor off the train, but took the number
ol her baggage checks.
Nothing more was »aid about the matter
and last Monday Mrs. Sheffield and her
three children landed in San Francisco
and wore all eagerness to eet their bag
gaee and leave on the Ban Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad for Geyserrillß.
The checks were banded to a transfer
man, but an hour later he returned and
said there was a charge of $12 50 against
tit* articles. On seeking an explanation
Mrs. Sheffield was told that the charge
was an extra half fare for one of her chil
dren.
The unfortunate woman was in a auan
dary.and acting onjtbe advice of the trans
fer man she went to the office of General
Passenger Agent Goodman.
The gentleman was not in, but Mr. Don
aldson listened to her story and curtly told
her that business was business, and that
the $12 50 would have to be forthcoming
before the baggage was delivered. Heart
broken, she returned to the ferries, and
purchasing tickets for the children at half
rates, she sent them on to Gevserville to
join their father. She then made several
more attempts to secure her belongings,
but they ali failed, and she had to maite
the best of the'long night that followed.
Yesterday, on the advice of the transfer
man, she explained her case to Ticket
Agent Megrain at the Tiburon ferry, .tie
sent htT to the m:iin office, and there she
at once secured transoortation. Her bag
gage is still in the hands of the Southern
Pacific, and the chances are that a suit for
damages will be the result of its illegal de
tention. ___^____^___
STILL NO BLANTHER.
No ' Definite Information Received by
the Police Yesterday About the
v Murderer. .
News of the capture of the murderer
Blanther is anxiously looked for at police
headquarters. ." . '
Captain Lees said last; nieht that he had
no new information to impart. 1 All yester
day bundles of circulars were mailed con
taining a description and photos of the
murderer and a notification of the reward
offered by the Governor.
His' capture occur at any moment,
as he is too conspicuous ' a rigure to escape
observation. His money,- cannot possibly
last much longer, and i hen he will be in a
trap unless he has succeeded, in > leaving
the country by steamer. "■
It was reported yesterday that Blnnther
had left the Texas Pacific train at Sierra
Blanca, a station about ninety-five miles
from El j Paso, and -; that all ; trace ", of l him
had .' been lost. :At that : point it would
have been , possible for him to again take
the Southern Pacific for the South and
East and make his way to some seaport
town.
•—»• — » *
OUR HOME INDUSTRIES.
Manufacturers' and Producers* Associa
tion Has Adopted a Trade
mark.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has adopted a trademark. At
the meeting yesterday, when this action
took place, there were present: A. Mc-
Laughlin, W. F. Bowers, M. J. Keller, H.
J. Crocker, J. W. Kerr, A. Sbarboro, S. H.
Tracy and Fred H. Dingle.
The association found that such a course
was necessary to protect its members
against the unjust competition of Eastern
convict - made goods. These goods are
shipped into the State without any marks
or means of identification from those of
free labor.
There was still another purpose in this
action. Hundreds of people would patron
ize home products in preference to all
others if they could teil which was the lo
cally made article. Tbe trademark adopted
Trademark of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association for California-
Made Goods.
resembles the seal of the association, and
when this mark is placed upon articles of
any Kind the manufacturer's name and ad
dress must be placed below the stamp. The
date of the incorporation will also be placed
on the trademark.
The conference committee operating with
the Mechanics' Institute reported pro
gress in the home industry" fair movement.
Upon a motion by Director Bowers the
secretary was directed to communicate
with tho Code Commissioners and request
that body to incorporate modifications into
the law so that public institutions shall
give preference to roods and products of
California manufacture over Eastern made
articles.
"THE SPARTA" LQOTEO.
D. G. Camarinos' Sansome-Street
Tavern Ransacked by
Thieves.
Thirty Jimmy-Wielders Quench Their
Drouth With Another
Man's Liquor.
At a prominent corner on a street along
which many persons are constantly pass
ing on a brilliant moonlight nieht a re
markably daring burglary was committed
last night.
The scene of the burglary was the
Sparta saloon, conducted by D. G. Cama
rinos. on i he northwest corner of Mer
chant and Sanpome streets, not more than
half a block "from the Postoffice and Ap
praiser's building.
It 13 certain that the burglary was com
mitted between the hours of 9:45 and 10:15
o'clock last nieht. About a quarter to 10
George F. Nichols, a special officer and
watchman employed by Mr. Camarinos
and other business men in the neighbor
hood, passed along Merchant street and
tried the door of the saloon. Everything
was all right then. Half an hour later he
again passed the saloon, and was about to
try the Merchant-street door.
His hand came in contact with a mass
of splinters, where tne door had been
broken. Suspeciing that the saloon bad
been robbed, the officer, with pistol in one
hand and a match in the other, entered
tbe building. Overturned beer and whisky
bottles, lying promiscuously upon the
bar, confirmed his suspicions. An open
door led into a small cardroom on the
Sansome-street eide of the saloon, and to
ward this the officer advanced with pistol
still in band.
Here again evidence of a recent whisky
and beer celebration, which must neces
sarily have been very brief, was to be seen.
The "burglars, however, had fled.
After going through the cash register,
which was left, unlocked and had been
opened by merely pressing one of the
keys, and" extracting from it the sum of
%'i or $4, the visitors had proceeded tore
gale themselves wfth refreshments.
They took away with them five bottles
of whisky, after having emptied the con
tents of a sixth and six or eight boxes of
cigars. The burglars also took away a
nickel-in-the-slot machine.
Strange to say nobody in the neighbor
hood heard any noise. G. Sancho, who
was working in the American Fish Union
Market, a few doors further up on Mer
chant street, at the time the robbery was
effected, heard nothing, unusual.
Redtaurant Employes.
The Fraternity of Hotel and Restaurant Em
ployes met last night at the Turk-otreet Tem
ple and admitted several new members. A
communication was read from the Los Angeles
Hotel and Restaurant Alliance pledging their
lieurtv sympathy and co-operation along
mutual lines. Fred Morf was elected perma
nent president. He will be installed at the
next meeting. The meeting was addressed by
Eugene Brown, Beb&s:ian Schneider, B. Krie-
Ker and Fred Morf.
— ■ i -* — .*. * •• ~
Nevada Bank Forgers.
Captain Lees received a dispatch yesterday
afternoon from Detectives Seymour and Wbit
talcer that the writ of habeas corpns in the
matter of the extradition of Charles Becker
and James Cregan, the Nevada Bauk forgery,
had been denied, and that they would leave
Newark, N\ J.. with the two prisoners to-day.
NEW TO-DAT
What it The teeth — from decay. The breath — from impurity,
saves : The gums — from softening. The pocket-money.
Teeth^Breath.
A sample of liquid Sozodont by mall, provided you mention this publication and send three cents
for postage. Address the Proprietors of Bozodont, Hall <R Kcckel, \Vhoie3ale DrueffUu. New
Tork City.
FEDERAL COURTS MIXED.
Peculiar Wording of an Act Just Panned
by Congress.
President Cleveland has signed the bill
changing the terms of the United States
District and Circuit courts of the Northern
District of California.
There is nothing startling or strange
in this act if considered solely on
its face, but just the same the new law
may bring about complications which
will finally result in dropping all criminal
prosecution in some half-dozen of the
most famous cases ever put on a court
calendar.
Prior to August. 1886, the Federal courts
were known as the Circuit and District
courts of the District of California, but at
the time named Congress passed an act
dividing t' c Srat* "into two districts,
known as the Northern and Southern.
The civil cases were transferred to their
•respective districts, but the criminal court
calendar was continued, that, is in some
cases.
This revival of a defnnct court was due
to the then District Attorney, who con
tended that criminal cases should be tried
in tbe old court. Justice Field rendered
an opinion affirming the position of the
District Attorney so far as it lelated to
cases before that body. A Grand Jury
was summoned and indictments returned
against Benson. Perrein and others, now
famous in the great land litigation.
While no new business has been placed
on the calendar these cases have been c n
tinued from term to term and now await
tbe action of the authorities at Washing
ton. The bill just signed by President
Cleveland makes no provisions for the sit
ing of this old court of the District of Cali
ornia. It is a question therefore as to the
egal existence of this body. If it has
none, then the Benson case from a.crim
inal standpoint la settled.
In any event it will be necessary for
Judge McKenna to call special sessions, as
tbe new law is radically different from the
old.
Judge Morrow said yesterday that the
law continuing in existence the District
Court of California is found in section 4 of
the act of August 5, 1886, under which the
Benson cases are being prosecuted. That
section, he claims, has not been changed
or in any way modified or disturbed.
Judge Morrow contends that the new act
amends section 3of the old act and noth
ing else.
Under the old law the United States
courts met the first Monday in February,
second Monday in July and fourth Mon
day in November. The first two terms
were of five months each and the last only
two months. This was not an equal divi
sion of jury service, bnt before tne Court
of Appeals was established it was the best
that could be devised.
For some months now, however, this un
equal system has been manifestly ap
parent and an effort was accordingly made
to change it. The law as it now stands
makes tbe beginning of terms as the first,
second and first Mondays in March, July
and November.
Judge Morrow adjourned court yester
day at the conclusion of the Zimmerman
case, but it is his purpose to order a spe
cial session, which will continue until the
time arrives to open the regular session
under the new bill. Tbe Grand Jury was
dismissed yesterday and it is* not
likely that another will be called before
the July term.
* — •—•• — •
Cloakmakers Organize.
The cloak preasers and operatives of this
City have formed a union which to some ex
tont will operate with the United Garment
Workers of America. At the organization
meeting J. Goodman presided. Speakers from
the Labor Council and from the Garment
Workers' Union urged the cloakmakers to
organize for the elevation of their condition
and the general trade. A permanent organiza
tion will be effected at the next meeting.
Civil Service Rule*.
The several local Federal departments re
ceived formal notice yesterday of the new
Civil Service law as already published in The
Call. With the exception of the Postmaster,
assistant postmaster and cashier and common
laborers every man in the employ of the Gov
ernment is subject to Civil Service ruie. This
effects the Mint also, making about 500 addi
tions to the new law.
» ♦ «
: Zimmerman Get* Twelve Months.
The case of the Government against George
M. Zimmerman, charged with using the mails
for fraudnlent purposes, was concluded in the
United States District Court yesterday. The
jnry after being out a short time returned a
verdict of guilty. Zimmerman was sentenced
; to twelve months in the Santa Cruz County
1 Jail.
HEW to-dat:
JL Gives Free
: Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
8 cups and saucers, 3 plates, :,". .
1 vegetable dish, 1 salad bowl, I
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Costa: .mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3 table- tumblers, butter dish, :
Sugar bowl, berry dish, rose bowl*,.'
Celery and olive dishes, knives, .
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
i A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5Qc TEAS, any kind.
Coiima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder,
" ' AT '
Great Americanlmportins Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market St. 146 Ninth st. .
3510 Mission st. 318 Third st.
140 Sixth st. aooB Filimore st. '
617 Kearny st. • 965 Market st. '
1419 Polk st. ■;■!•: 3006 Sixteenth st,
521 Montgomery aye. ' 104 Second st. i -
333 Hayes st .3359 Mission st.
: 53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.->
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. ■ 917 Broadway, Oakland
I . * 1355 Park St., Alameda.
- : .v.-.:-.. FOR •.,
* Fine Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to .; .
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR. .
PANTS mads to order from $4.0!
SUITS mads to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 ano ''s36 SUITS
201 and 203 Uoatgomarj St., car. Bust '
. 724 Market St. 1110 i 1112 Market St
•AN MANCIBCO. "
f HEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
ax Hayjc aj* <ft Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
SECOND WKEK-SIISS
ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. Au^ustin Daly.
TO-NIGHT and Friday Night and Saturday
. Matinee— An elaborate production . of .
. Shakespeare s poetic comedy ' '-
i MIDSDBMEK SIGHT'S DREAUIi
With the sumptuous accessories used in the pro-
ductions at Italy's Theaters in .New York and
London. Special — Thursday evening, ■by request,
positively last time. "The Connies Guckl"; Satur-
day evening.'only time, I "Love on Crutches."
3d week — Monday and Wednesday evenings,
"Twelfth Night": Tuesday and Wednesday
matinee, "School for Scandal"; Thursday, double
bill, "Belle's stratagem" and "The Honeymoon";
Friday and Saturday nights and Saturday matinee,
"Taming of the shrew." Seats now selling for all
remaining performances.- > -.
nt!COUnDtB.<K)TTLOD« o»-^C3AnDnAHA«itRJ---
Every Evening:, Including Sunday.
. Matinee Saturday..
AMY .LXX AND FRANK DOANE
And their Comedy Company In
"MISS HAROI SCARII !"
TO-MORROW, Thursday, at 9 A. M., the regular
sale of seats begin for th,e Frawley Co. opening.
Monday Next— "The Two Escutcheons."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbb. tB.NUTi.NE Kkklish, Proprietor & Manager
— LAST KTIGHTS
Of the Operatic Production of
"DKCLE TOM'S CABIN"
Audmn's Favorite Opera,
OLIVETTE !
"The Torpedo and the "Whale!"
: Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WaJLUKR MOROSCO, Sole Lensee and Manama:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Last Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER—
In the Stirring Drama.
"METAMGRA!"
Not Seen in This City for Twenty-five Years.
iVKNiso Pbicu— 3sc and 53c
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10&
Papal Matmees Saturday and Sunday.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton and Powell.
WEEK BEGINNING MAI 1 25th.
THE SENSATION OF THE CITY! —
McAvoy and Slay, Lizzie 1!. "iiymnnd,
Golden, Chnlfant and (irolden and others.
Reserved Seats, '25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera Chairs
an i Box Seats, 50c.
Coming— Edison's Marvel, "The Vitascope."
PEOPLE'S 1 PALACE THEATER.
- Corner Mason and Eddy Sts.
THURSDAY EVENING. MAY 38,
GRAND EIGHT-ROUXD PHYSICAL CULTURE
CONTENT BKTWKE>
OWEN JJ; nd^EIGLER
DALHAWKINS
For a purse and a decision. Also a six-round go
r . , between t
JOE SULLIVAN AND AN UNKNOWN.
Also eight four-round bouts by leading exponents
of the manly art. -- .'■••'-■
Seats on sale daily at the box-oftice from 10 a. v.
Prices $1, $2 and $3.
SHOOT THE CHUTES!
TO-NIGHT! AT 9:30!
f MOTHER WONDERFUL
BALLOOS ASCESSIOI
WITH SEARCH LIGHT
OIL JHARKEBER6.
Memorial Fireworks
Night of Decoration Day.
Admission 1O Cents. Children 5 Cents.
SUTRO_BATHS. .
GRAND SPECIAL NIGHT.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 27. 1893.
LADIES SHOULD NOT MISS IT. ?
BEAUTIFUL MOONLIGHT EFFECTS,
j • - CHINESE LANTERN. MARCH,
WATER BIIXUET.
Match Game of Water Polo,
Exciting Races, High and Fancy Diving,
By World-Renowned Professionals.
GENEK 1L ADMISSION —
Adults, 1O Cents. •' - Children, 5 Cents.
GRAND CONCERT
, . ■ .-."'., ——OF THE—' .
SATURDAY MORNING ORCHESTRA,
: iror the benefit of the
"Little Jim" Ward of the Children's Hospital,
THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 28,
At 8 o'clock, at :
GOLiEN GATE HALL. .
Admission 50c. . Reserved seats' to be had for 25e
extra at Kohler it Chase's. 28 O'Farrell at., on the
day of the concert or at the hall in the evening. "
RACING! RACING! RACING
CALIFORNIA>JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER j MEETING : -^-
Beginning r Thursday, .; May 14th
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Bacing Monday. Tuesday,' Wednesday, Thursday
■ ■ • Friday and Saturday. ■■ Bain or Shine.
FIVi OR MURK RACES EACH DAY.
■" ■■'■r. ? Races start at 2:00 p. m. sharp. •
McAllisttr and li^ary street cars pass tho at*
R. B. JIIJLKOV. IHOS. H. WUJjIASIS JR..
.-:■-■■--■ Secretary. .'.'. President.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington. ...... ...........$lO 00 ....
!-ont!i«eld ..........960/' •'.• ■ .-....■
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. . 3 50
5eatt1e..::.........-....-....... 8 00— Half ton. ' 00
8ryauf.\......v.;.-.;v.... 7 00— Half ton. :" 400
Telephone— Black— 35. "
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO., '
.■:'■'■ ftSS Howard Street, Near If Irtk.
78
NEW BLOOD OF THE
PACIFIC-UNION,
First Election Under the
Modern Constitution of
the Club.
HOPKINS IS PRESIDENT.
Opposition Ticket Headed by
Thomas C. Van Ness Was
Withdrawn.
KAILROAD CROWD IGNORED.
President-Elect Hopkins Once the
Leader of a Band to Organize
a New Club.
Tbe first election in the Pacific-Union
Club under the new constitution recently
adopted took r>lsc<» yesterday and resulted
in a partial victory for the modern or pro
gressive element of the institution. The
officers elected are:
President— E. \Y. Hopkins.
Vice-president— Russell J. Wilson.
Secretary— James D. Phelan.
Directors — Thomas Brown, George A. New
hall, H. H. Veuve, A. Chesebrough and Wil
liam Babcock.
Several days ago an opposition ticket,
headed by Thomas C. Van Ness for presi
dent, was in the field, Jaut last Saturday it
was withdrawn, hence the regular ticket
was chosen without dissent.
Members of the club point to the names
on the regular ticket as a sufficient guar
antee that new vieor and activity will be
given to the management of club affairs.
In one sense Thomas C. Van Ness was
regarded as a better representative of the
modern go-ahead spirit of the club than
Mr. Hopkins, the president-elect, but the
latter is rated as a modern. Some years
ago he ficured as a leader in a band of
fifty members that threatened to start a
new club aud pledged themselves each to
put up $1000 to launch the new enterprise.
It is claimed for him that if he was then
sufficiently enterprising to break away
from old-fashioned methods he is still
alive to tbe spirit of club progress, and
that his administration of affairs will be
progressive.
The phrase "railroad crowd" has often
been used in Pacific-Union circles to des
ignate some of the leading men of the
Southern Pacific Company.. The comment
was quite frequent for a time that the
club was run to promote their convenience
and exalt tbe railway magnates above the
station of common everyday members.
Indeed, the old system of fifteen directors
divided into three classes was opposed Dy
many, who hoped by abolishing it to legis
late the "railroad crowd" out of club con
trol.
Tbe railroad influence is certainly not
paramount in the board elected yesterday.
It is true that Russell J. Wilson is Mrs.
Stanford's attorney, but his "pull" with
the company is said to be about ex
hausted when he gets his own annual
pass renewed.
As clubmen go James D. Phelan should
be classed as modern. Should the Pacific
Union contemplate the erection of a new
clubhouse Mr. Pbelan could show them
tbe magnificent edifice at tbe corner of
Mason and Sutter streets as a specimen of
modern architecture in relation to club de
velopment.
George A. Newball and H. H. Veuve are
progressive. Thomas Brown is conserva
tive, and Messrs. Chesebrough and Bab
cock are ceitainly active and public-SDir
ited citizens.
AGAINST CONVICT GOODS,
The Local Trades Unions Take
Up the Fight for Free
Labor.
The Ironmolders and Sandstone-Cut
ters Communicate With Con
gressmen.
The trades unions have practically joined
bands with the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association in their efforts to
drive convict-made goods out of the mar- \
ket, and particularly those goods shipped
into the State from Eastern prisons. .
Ironmolders' Union No. 164 took up the
subject recently aha last night the follow
ing resolution presented by a special com
mittee was adopted :
' To the Officers and Member of Ironmolders'
Union No. JGU— Brothees:. Your committee ap
pointed.to draft resolutions expressing the
sentiment* of this union relative to the prison
labor contract system, beg leave to report the
following for jour consideration and approval :
WuEistAs, The question ot prison convict
labor is receiving the attention of all persons
interested in free labor, and as our trade is
seriously affected by the importation of stoves
and hollow ware and other manufactured arti
cles, we believe it to be our duty to render all
the assistance in our power in favor of the bill
before Congress that prohibits the sale and
shipment of prison goods into a sister State.
With the assurance that we will do oar part to
stamp out the system within the border of
California; therefore be it
Resolved, That we do, as trade unionists, al
ways willing and ready to perform a fair day's
work for a fair day's pay, challenge the justice
ot being forced into competition with the !
criminal class. The prison contract-labor sys
tem is one of the worst evils of our Btate and
it is getting to be generally felt. The practical
result of convict labor is to pauperize honest
labor. The prosperity of the masses and the
- promotion of morals would be benefited if the
system was wiped out. Be it further -
Resolved; That we are in favor of the bill in
the National Legislature and the sense of this
union is, and we call upon our sister unions
throughout the country, whether brought into
competition or not, to use their influence by
requesting their Senators and Congressmen to
vote for its passage: and be it further
1U tolled. That the corresponding representa
tive forward a copy of these resolutions to the
president of the ironmolders' Union of North
America, requesting that he lay the matter be
fore the different local unions, requesting
their co-operation: and be it further ■ ■ •. .
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to our United States Senators and
Representatives in Congress, with the earnest
request, that both by voice and vote, they ren
der the assistance in their power to crush out
thin pernicious system. R. Burnett, A. Mc-
Dermott, A. Baker.
: The Sandstone-cutters' Union has also
taken up, the same subject and has re
cently been corresponding with the Pacific
Coast' representatives in Congress * urging
them to support the same bill. . Senators
Perkins ana White have replied to I these
letters and : promise to give the bill 1 their
careful consideration. The union ?is par
ticularly interested in the subject of , using
, convict-cut stone for public buildings and
this, too, will > be looked into by the Sen
ators named. ' This union further urged
tbe Senators to do all in their power to de
feat the Loud bill excluding trades union
journals and similar literature from the
list of second-class mail matter. Senator
Perkins does not think that this bill will
be reached by the present Congress.
WILL FIGHT DELAY.
Mission Property Owners Will Endeavor
to Force the Noe Suit to an
Early lasue.
Mission property-owners are becoming
exasperated at the long delay that threat
ens to ensue Difore the Noe litigation
comes to an issue. The present feeling of
doubt and uncertainty that hangs over the
land titles in the San Miguel Rancho
Tract has practically put a atop to build
ing and improving in that neighborhood.
The property-owners, confident of tbe
validity of their titles, are bitterly op
posed to delay, for as long as the present
uucertainty lasts, so long will ttiere be no
new buyers and no improvements on the
land in dispute. A prominent property
owner and old-time resident of the Mis
sion, when seen by a Call reporter yes
terday, said:
"This whole piece of business is the
work of certain schemers and manipulators
who wish to g^ive the Mission a black eye.
These Noe heirs have no more hope of ac
quiring an interest in the rancho than
tney have of living. The only parties who
are .making money directly out of the
scheme are the corporations which are in
suring the titles to the land affected. The
primary object of the suit is to put a stop
to improvement at the Mission and turn
home-seekers and builders toward the
Richmond district and other localities.
"Some of the Richmond people who are
at the bottom of this matter hope by tying
up Mission titles in tedious litigation to
stop progress in the Mission for four or
five years until tbe Richmond people can
'get out of the woods,' get their cemeteries
removed and their sandhills leveled.
"A long tedious lawsuit would accom
plish and is accomplishing such an end.
Building is dead In the Mission. One con
tractor that I know of who used to build
cottages to sell in Noe Valley has left ihat
neighborhood and is now putting up a
number of new nouses over near the Po
trero hills. People will not buy while
things remain as they are now. Intending
purchasers are easily frightened out of
'buying a lawsuit,' Something must be
done immediately to force the suit 10 an
issue or progress in the Mission, which is
naturally the most desirable residence
property on the peninsula, will be checked
during an indefinite period of litigation."
MONEY MADE IN CHIAPAS
A Queer Little State in Mexico
Which Raises Lots of
Coffee.
India-Rubber Industry Coming to the
Front — Cheap Labor Pa : d in
Silver.
Alonso Reosta, a wealthy merchant of
Alonso Reosta, the Wealthy Coffee-Grower of Tapachula Who Has Arrived Here.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
Tapachula, in the State of Cniapas, Mex
ico, below the peninsula of Lower Califor
nia som • 500 miles, is at the Occidental,
accompanied by several friends.
Mr. Reosta is engaged both in merchan
dizing and coffee-growing. He is a native
of Mazatlan and only went to Chiapas
three years ago. Chiapas is one of
the small, but very productive states of
the southern republic. Mr. Reosta speaKa
very highly of it. He considers it a great
place for money making.
"I never saw so good a place for this as
Chiapas," said he, "and the money is
largely made in coffee. Tbe worst feature
of life there is the difri ■ ulty of getting
good servants. The natives who are em
ployed in this way are very indolent and
inattentive.
"However, labor is not high there. For
the Indian help of the coffee plantations
we pay from 37 to 50 cents a day in silver.
We employ this Indian labor almost alto
gether.
"Chiapas will produce this year about
50,000 auintals of* coffee, 2000 of cocoa and
1000 of India rubber, besides very large
quantities of all Kinds of tropical fruits.
The rubber industry is comparatively new.
It is destined to be very important.
"There are a few Americans there, but
the foreign population is mostly German.
The goods consumed are to a large extent
brought from Europe and this country.
"The coffee business has been peculiarly
profitable for some years. There is money
made in selling goods, but it does not
equal the profits from growing coffee.
"If a man goes there with money he can
do well. Of course the more he can take
the more he can do whence gets there.
"The little State of Chiapas has 29,000
people, while the town that I do business
in, Tapachula, has only 1300. It is an
odd and very interesting country."
Mr. Reosta is a large man and likes life
in Chiapas very well. He came on the
Orizaba and will remain about three weeks.
Special Session Ordered.
■;■ Judge McKenna signed an order yesterday
calling for a special session of the Circuit
Court to take up the unfinished business of
the March term. It is expected that Judge
Morrow will Issue a similar order to-day, both
courts running until -the, regular July term
begins. -...: . '.. _--'^.. _' - ,
• — ■» »
Gas Consumers' Association (the old
company )," 3» Post street. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
SCHOOL TEACHERS
REQUIRE MONEY
In Aid of Their Annuity
and Retirement
Fund.
DEDUCTION FOR ABSENCE
The Board of Education Will
Be Requested to Inter
vene.
A SMALL SUEPLUS ON HAND.
Measures Taken by the Teachers'
Society to Put the Fund on a
So id Basis.
Four hundred and fifty public school
teachers of Ban Francisco, with an eye to
the future, are taking measures to put
the annuity and retirement fund, of which
City Treasurer Widber is the custodian,
upon a more durable and profitable basis.
To this end the Board of Education will
be petitioned to intervene.
The balance in the fund on the Ist of
this month was $5475. The income, de
rived from the tax of 1 per cent a month
upon the salaries of the teachers desirous
of availing themselves of its benefits, aver
ages $375. Following is the list of retired
teachers and the sums drawn monthly
from the fund by them: Miss Cornelia R.
Campbell $50, Mrs. H. A. SU John $45,
Miss Victorine M. Raclet $45, Mrs. M. A.
Currier $50, Mrs. Mary J. Cline $50, Mrs.
Laura T. Hopkins $50, Misa L. E. Ryder
$50.
Each of these beneficiaries had by law
to pay into the fund the sum of $300 belore
they were entitled to draw from it, but
after March 1, 1898, this premium will be
no longer required, yet, some source of
revenue, aside from the salary tax, is
urgently needed to swell the fund and
place it upon a more solid and permanent
foundation.
Under existing conditions, with a few
thousand surplns, as stated, the monthly
receipts of $375 are only $45 in excels of
the $330 expended. If a* few more names
were to be put on the list it would not take
many years to exhaust the annuity fund.
The teachers are fully alive to the situa-
tion and sot wishing to be left in their old
age without a fund to fall back upon they
are stirring around to see what can be
done about it.
At a session last Friday night of the
Schoolteachers' Annuity and Retirement
•Society the situation was discussed in de
tail and resulted in tbe appointment of a
special committee, composed of Miss Agnes
M. Manning (chairman), Azro L. Mann,
Mrs. Aurelia Griffith, Miss Jessie Smith
and Miss Frances Hodgkinson, whose duty
it will be to confer with the Board of Edu
cation. Section 102 of the rules says:
No teacher shal 1 receive any compensation
when absent from duty. A deduction of one
twentieth of the monthly salary shall be made
for each day's absence and one-slxtn of a day's
salary for each hour's absence, exceot the ab
sence be in accordance with the section which
permits teachers to visit other schools.
The money thus deducted for absences
in consequence of sickness and retained by
the City averages $3000 a year, and the
Board of Education will be petitioned to
amend its rules and to direct that this sum
be paid into the annuity fund. The idea is
looked upon favorably by Director Thomas
R. Knox. chairman of the rules commit
tee, and unless there be an illegality at
tending it will in all probibility soon be
put into operation.
"The law creating our annuity and re
tirement fund," said A. L. Mann, the
president of the society, "is sadly defec
tive in several essentials and in need of
amendments. The annuities are too high
for the income, and it is imperative for us
to take immediate steps to increase our
revenue. Fully half of our teachers are so
dissatisfied with the provisions of the act
that they have declined to contribute the
1 per cent monthly tax, and then, too,
there was an unwarranted feeling amone
them that the Board of Education under
the law would have the power to retire
teachers at the expiration of the stated
time against their will and to place them
on the annuity list. I never held this
opinion, and it was finally upset by City
and County Attorney Creswell.
"What we are asking now of the Board
of Education is to turn into the annuity
fund the money deducted from the
teachers' salaries for absences. It is noth
ing more than what is done in New York.
There the teachers' annuity society also
gets the benefit of the dog tax, etc., and is
in a very satisfactory condition. With us,
yon see, when a teacher who is receiving a
salary of $80 a month is sick and absent
for a clay $4 is deducted. Ot this sum $2
goes to pay the substitute teacher, and we
merely desire that tbe difference of $2 be
placed to the credit of the annuity fund,
instead of being retained as at present by
the City.
"We shall introduce some amendments
at the next session of tbe Legislature em
powering the City Treasurer to invest our
surplus capital so that it can draw inter
est, and making the payment of the 1 per
cent salary tax compulsory upon all teach
ers who may in future enter the depart
ment. Buch is now the practice in the
States of Illinois and Ohio, and I can con
ceive of no good reason why it should not
be so in California. Then* with the fur
ther income which we may reasonably
lope to derive from tbe diversion to us of
some special license taxes, like that of the
dog license in New York, and the money
we may realize from donations, legacies
and entertainments, we shall be able soon
to put our annuity fund upon a solid and
permanent basis."
FOR MARS' MURDER.
Trial of the \ Accused Members of the
. Lathers' Union.
The trial of the eight members of the
Lathers' Union commenced < before Judge
Belcher yesterday. The defendants in the
case are John Holmes, William Starr,
Daniel Dunne, J. D. Mcßea, Neal Collins,
William Dowling, E. G. Waltz and Walter
McCoy.
The charge against the men is murder
for the killing of C. A. Mars during the re
cent strike among some of the building
trudes. Mars was a non-union man, and a
number of the strikers went to where he
and his sons were working and tried to
persuade them to quit. A fight ensued,
and Mars received injuries which caused
his death.
His son, C. A. Mars, was the only wit
ness examined yesterday. He told the
story of the row, and he said that after his
father was bit he mentioned the names of
Dunne and Holmes as being two of the
crowd who struck him. The witness iden
tified all the defendants as being mem
bers of the crowd which assaulted his
father. : ■ ' ' - '. ■ " .
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING,
Mrs. Martin Entertains in Honor
of Miss Cather
wood.
California Chapter, Daughters of the
Revolution, Organized — Enter
tainments Announced.
On Saturday afternoon Mrs. Eleanor
Martin gave an elaborate luncheon at her
home on Rincon Hill complimentary to
Miss Jennie Catherwood. After enjoying
a delicious menu hostess and guests re
paired to the Baldwin Theater, and en
joyed Miss Reban and the Daly company
iv "Countess Gacki."
The formal organization of the Califor
nia Chapter, Daughters of the American
j Revolution, took place at the home of
j Mrs. J. L. Moody on May 14, with the fol
lowing officers presiding: Mrs. A. L. Ban
croft, regent; Mrs. S. M. Van Wyck, vice
regent; Mr>. Frederick Hewlett, recording
secretary; Mrs. J. M. Chretien, correspond
ing secretary; Miss Alberta Bancroft,
treasurer; Mrs. J. LI Moody, registrar;
Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, historian. The
other organizers of the chapter are Mrs.
Samuel W. Holladay, Mrs. George A.
Crux, Mrs. Selden 8. Wright, Mr*. Timothy
Hopkins, Mrs. Osgoort Putnam. These ladies
were formerly members of Sequoia Chapter,
San Francisco.
A very pretty home wedding took place last
Wednesday, when Miss Agues Haeau and
< hn.stiuu C. Hoffman were made man and
wife, the Rev. Yt. Klnff officiating.
The bride, who is a very pretty and accom
plished young lady, is the youugest daughter
of the late John Hagau.
The Eroom holds the responsible position of
Chief Engineer of the Western Light and
Power Company. After the ceremony a recep
tion was held at the home of the brides
mother. 236 Sixth avenue.
A most charming little tea was given in
honor of the birthday anniversary of Mrs.
Herbert Grieb (nee Schoembs), at her borne on
Francisco street, Friday afternoon last, be
tween the hours of 3 and 5 r. v. Among those
who attended were: Mis* Eugenia B. Krizzo
lara. Miss L. Zaun, Mr*. Goelet, Mrs. Gisbert
(iranucci, Miss Mina Kndlich, Mrs. Axtell,
Mis- Staphebach, Mrs. H. Turk, Mrs. Weber,
Mrs. Charles Maggini, Mrs. Anton Schoembs
and Mrs. H. Kndlich.
An enjoyable surprise was given to Miss
Daisy Place at her residence. 229 Fell street,
Friday, May 22. The house was beautifully
decorated with sinilax and lilies. Those 'pres
ent wen: Miss iiHi.sy Place, Miss Josie Conn,
Mis« Vonnic Llnehan, Miss Norma Cohn, Miss
C'elia Pechner, Miss Koseita Forest, MissGracie
slater, Miss Louis Kiel, Miss Hilda Gilbertson.
Mlm A m »n da Conn, Miss Dora Savage, Miss
Hattie Moulton, Miss Alma Keelen, Miss Mil
dred Green, Miss islnnche Conn, Mi9S Nellie
Ronrke, Mis* Katie RourKe, Miss Jennie Duff,
Mi-s I,i:iiau Savage. Ira Haycock, IsadoreCohu,
Robert Linehan, Jim Duffy, Bert Keelen,
George K<A\. Louia Schlesinper, Lester Forest,
HnroM Green, Gilbert Hull, Wallace Reed.Btn
nie Chew, Wa'.la Yaxoll. Harry Locke, Lair
Keelen. Louis Wanner, Walter Savage.
The first concert given by the Girls' High
School Alumna; Glee Club will be held on
Wednesday evening, May 27, at Kohler &
Chase's hall on O'Karrell street. The Glee
club chorus of twenty-five is under the direc
tion of Mrs. yon Meyerinck. The soloists are:
Mi-s Cnarlotte Gruenhagen, violin; Frod
Maurer Jr., piano; Miss Grace Davis, soprano;
Miss Florence Boston, alto; Mrs. W. yon Mey
erinck, soprano. Miss Grace Davis, Miss Maud
F&y and Miss Cecelia Decker compose the trio.
The Xavier Literary Club held its regular
meeting Tuesday evening. May 19, and pub
licly installed the following officers: President,
Frank Mahoney ; first vice-president, Miss Nel
lie Attridge; second vice-president, James
Meehan ; recording secretary, Miss Mamie Gib
bons: financial and corresponding secretary,
Mi^sTessle Roche: treasurer, Miss Annie De
vine; aergeaut-at-arms, Miss Susie Murphy;
board of directors, Joseph P. Hayes (chairman).
Fred Baiter, James O'Connor, Miss Agnes
O'Brien, Mirp Nettie Beardsley. After the in
stallation a few hours were spent in a social
manner, and the board of directors reported
that they had completed arrangements where-
I by the club would celebrate Its second anni-
I versary by a banquet at one of the leading
hotels.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Quillinan.
107 Guerrero street, a farewell party was ten
dered to Matt J. Quillinan, prior to his return
trip to Chico. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Quiilinan, James Quillinan, Alex
Shields. Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Kaln, William
Clark. Miss Ann* Clark, Miss Florence Kenny,
Miss Lillian Erykson, Miss Anna Qnillinan,
Miss Letica Cascell, M. 8. Quillinan, Mrs. John
A. Grennan, Miss L. M. Le»land, Mi*s Delia
Hooper, Edward Mitchell and Matt J. Quillinan
A pretty reception was given by Miss Ada
Georg at her residence, 154 Noe street, Satur
day evening, May 16. The halls, reception and
drawing-rooms were elaborately decorated
with the choicest of flowers and illuminated
by Japanese lanterns. Alter the games, the
guests marched through the halls into the
banquet-room, where they sat down to a splen
did repast. After this followed the pro
gramme:
Comic recitation, Miss Ada Georg; selections
on mandolin and violin. Messrs. Coony and
Brandenberg; nongs, R. Martin and W. Coony;
mandolin solo, Ed Biggs
Addresses were rendered by W. Fiellng, Miss
M. Gallagher and Miss L. Marshall.
Among those present were: Reuben Mar
tin, F. Heinemann, W. Filling, E. Biggs, H.
Hurd, A. Simmie. T. Kerr, T. Hanson, T.
Kenny, W. Brandenborg. W. Coony, W. Schles-
Kinger, M. Meyerfeld, W. Farrell. A. Onn, Miss
Ada Georg. Miss M. Gallagher, Miss A. Frahro,
Miss L. Marshall, Miss T. Fies, Miss M. Regner,
Miss B. Prandenberg, Miss B. Barker, Miss M.
Bates. Miss A. Kraft. Miss M. Noyes, Miss G.
('*ll( '* Ila s h er, Miss G. Blake, Miss N. Gallagher,
MiSßH.Benft.lclt.
The commencement exercises of Bt Marga
rets School. Ban Mateo, were held last Friday
evening. There wan a very large attendance
of the local elite and of pr.rents of pupils re
sidinu at a distance. Tne programme did not
consist of the usual dreary and immature ex
pounding of things temporal and spiritual,
but was devoted largely to music, with a few
bright literary numbers. The music was con
tributed by Miss Farnham, Miss Wallace and
Miss Irene Abel. The playing of the latter
young lady showed admirable technique and
.»? c ab . Ult y, to Bive in Intelligent phrasing the
thoughts of the composers. The literary num
bers were two in English, by Miss Carrick and
Miss Pauhn and one in French by Miss Eva
Madigan. The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols.
Hishop of California, was prevented from be
ing present by his illness. The Rev. George
W allace gave t»li message of godspeed to the
>oun K ladies graduating, who were: Miss Ella
carrick, Miss Clara Paalin and Miss Eva Madi
gan. a large number of the clergy of the dio
cese were present. After the programme a
dance followed, under the management ot Pro
fessor W, W. Anderson. Among the dances
were the beautiful menuet de la cour and a
well-executed pas seul by little Miss Martha
Walter.
The pupils o[ the Children's Culture Club
and Cosmos Elocution Club, under the au
spices of the Lockwood Art Studio exhibition,
will give an entertainment, consisting of a
literary programme interspersed by fancy
dancing and musical selections, to be followed
by a social dance, on Friday evening, May 29,
at Union-square Hall, 421 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Wadman have taken a
cottage In Sausalito for the summer.
The employes of Sanborn, Vail & Co. will
give their annual invitation picnic at San
Rafael Park on Saturday, May 30. These out
ings are usually attended by the employes,
their families and friends, and are always a
very enjoyaDle affair.
The engagement is announced of Miss Elsie
L. Cook, daughter of Mra. Lizzie A. Cook, to
Mr. Henry Levy.
The Verdis will eive their twenty-second
monthly party at Union-square Hall on Tues
day evening, May 26. These parties are
strictly invitational.
The "El Dorados," asocial organization, will
give their third party at Union-square Hall on
Thursday. May 28.
The Golden Gate Drill Corps will give a pri
vate masquerade at Native Sons' Hall, Satur
day evening, June 6.
The "Golden Gates' " twenty-first party takes
place a. California Hall on Thursday evenintr,
June 11.
Miss Florence Hastings of Chieo is visiting
her sister, Mrs. George W. Kuss, at 1109 Scott
street.
Miss Grace Sabin, accompanied by John I.
Sabin and Miss Pearl Sabin of this City, and
Miss Alice Coven of Stanford University, will
leave here for Europe on July 4. They will be
joined in the East by two friends of the Sabinx
and the party will sail from New York on July
lb. Ten days will be spent In London, ten
days in Paris, and a few days in Stockholm,
but aver tnree weeks will be devoted to Ger
many, the plan being to travel in that country
on bicycles.
Miss Cowen will remain in Berlin, where*
she proposes to spend four years perfecting
her musical education and giving special at
tention to the piano. It is possible, too. that
Juss Sabin may remain for some time in Lon
don for the best possible training in oratorio
music.
NEW INSPECTION LAW.
Dulls and Holler* of Bering Sea Vessels
to Be Inspected.
Supervising Inspector Bermingham of
the Hulls and Boiler Department is in re
ceipt of a communication from Washing
ton requesting nis opinion on what is
known as the Frye bill. This measure
was introduced la the Senate by Senator
Frye in February last, and after two read
ings was referred to the Committee on
Commeice.
The proposed bill inaugurates several
changes, the most important of which is
the inspection of vessels in Bering Bea by
duly delegated officers of the revenue cut
ter service;. It also authorizes mate and
master of coast sailing vessels to make in
spections, and licenses second and third
mates to perform similar duties under cer
tain conditions. All naphtha launches of
fifteen tons or over are added to the list of
vessels subject to inspection.
Supervising Inspector Bermingham gives
the bill vis unqualified indorsement, and
it will doubtless become a law before Con
gress adjourns.
Hayward Charges Fraud.
Alvlnza Hayward has answered the suit of
B. G.Latbrop to recover $307,000, and in re
ply to the charges of fraud against him he has
charged fraud himself.
He 6ays he bought the 34,000 shares of the
Dry Creek Tunnel and Fluming Company
while he was sick and unable to investigate
for himself, and that he did so wholly upon
the representations of Lathrop. He says he
paid $272,0<>0 for the shares, and th.-y are
only worth $30,000. He wants judgment ren
dered in his favor in the suit.
Stole Two Mirror*.
The residence of C. W. Randle, 315 Ellis
street, was entered by burglars on the night of
May 8 and two large mirrors about ten feet
high were stolen. The mirrors hud to be cut
in two before the burglurs could set them
through the window which they had opened.
lieteciive Harper and Policman Colan were
detailed on the case and they found that the
mirrors had been sold to a junk-dealer on Mi*
fion street by F. C. Conroy, a companion of
Con Sweeney. Conroy was arresied and
charged with burglary.
MEW TO-PAT.
, We like to sell furniture
that looks well and lasts. It
; makes us feel good—like it
feels to put money in the
banki.
It's something to depend
on.
A lucky purchase gives us
several dozen cobbler-
seat rocking-chairs far below
regular price.
We'll divide good luck
with you — price $4.75 in-
stead of $6.50.
. Picture shows It; solid oaK; highly polished.
. Cheaper? of course; $3.75
— not so good.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
- (N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
"BUILT like A WATCH"
STERLING-
'■'■ :.■ ■ BIOYOXjES. : ..-■ • . • ' :
WHEELS AND PALMEK TIRES OOARAN-
! teed for one year. Price #100. If you want
to know more about The Sterling send for our Art
Catalogue. Mailed free. •< • ■ ■ <
-STERLING CYCLE WORKS.
[ 314 POST STREET. ' San Francisco.
— , — 1
• NEW .TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. \
QK><K>O<><K)-O<KH>O- <>9
I It's to Your Advantagi 1
Q To buy of us. Our stock was never so complete In warm weathe* V
O goods. Our. prices were never so low. Elegant scenery may. O
Q make a successful spectacular play, elegant pictures a renowned <*)
q art gallery, or grand singing a famous opera, but it takes PRICES,! Q
yk plain unvarnished out and out prices, to make a FAVORITE TRAD- 1 A
.1 INQ PLACE. Ail the fol-de-rols of grandeur and elegance count I T
T as naught when you appeal to the pocketbooks of the purchasing 1 V
0 public. WE'VE GOT FRESH. NEW, SEASONABLE GOODS TO V
6 OFFER AT THE LOWEST PRICES IN THE CITY. These are the O
Q attractions and advantages here. , O
6 WASH FABRICS. SUMMER GARMENTS. 6
O 6Kc SHIRTING OR WAIST $250 DUCK SUITS, at..... sl so Each L>
T PRINTS 3&c $3 50 DUCK SUITS, at..... $2 00 Each i
Q B'^c APRON GINGHAMS 5c * 5 00 DUCK SUITS, at $3 50 Each V
A 20c FANCY AND SHEPHERD Ihe above three lines include Eton, /S
V CHECK SATEENS ....... 10c Blazer and Box Coat JacKets, and full, T
O 15c DRESDEN OTTOMAN SUIT- flarins skirts— solid, plain colors and Q
X INGS ...7J^c j fancy patterns. JL
0 12V*c CRINKLED SEERSUCK- FULL LINES OF THE NEW "LIN- C
1 ERS .-6Kc !EN CRASH" and "GRASS CLOTH" >,
V 12^c HIGH GRADE DUCK SUITS in the new BLAZER EF- V
A SUITINGS. 6%c FECTS. O
V 12'^c WRAPPER FLANNEL- . i $100 STANLEY SHIRT WAISTS 50c I
Q ETTES 6%c $1 25 FANcY SHIRT WAISTS.. 75c V
X ; $150 FIGURED SATEEN WRAP- A
9 ' CORSETS. PERS 75c T
O 75c VENTILATED SUMMER No need of being uncomfortable C
X CORSETS ... 44c during the hot spell with prices like JL
V 75c LATEEN' CORSETS, 'FIVE these. . . r : V
I HOOKB.. 48c I
A $150 C. B. FRENCH BLACK T TXF\«S . C
V CORSETS. 85c l^liMi«t». V
0 ~ I ALL -LINEN BLEACHED C
X NOTIONS. CRASH, per yard ...5c A
9 4-yard VELVETEEN BINDING, ALL-LINEN GLASS TOWEL- ■•: V
2 c2RDtTROY%ELVETBIND- 15C BELFAST COTTON TOWEM:"^ V
X THOMPSON^CORSETSTEE^^ 150 DRAPERYand FURNISHINGS! 5
V per pair..... .:........... 5c LACE CURTAINS, extra width I
O HAIRPIN CABINETS .....2'^c per pair.. «i 15 O
X HOOKS AND EYES, standard, WHITE AND COLORED BLAN- A
Q percard 2c i KETS, per pair... 60c V
A SAFETY PINS, per papar. . .\ lc WHITE CROCHET QUILTS 48c O
V MENDING COTTON, 2 dozen for 5c SATEEN COVERED COMFORT- V
A HOOK AND EYE TAPE, per yd 5c ERS.. : * 95c O
X LINEN THREAD 200-yd spools 5c j 10-4 BLEACHED SHEETiNGS, X
X FANCY FRILLED ... WHITE per yard ....18Kc ,9
X ELASTIC 10c | J 10^ c X
V FANCY DRESS BUTTONS, were Q
A 25c, 35c and 40c per dozen 10c j HOSIERY, ETC. Q
A T TVTXr c 1 25c FAST BLACK HOSE, per pair 19° A
O LIMNGS.^ DD i/, o TAN RIBBED HOSE, per pair 19° V
A KID FINISHED CAMBRICS, j 75c BLACK SILK PLAITED Q
I per yard ■■ 4c j HOSE, per pair 33' Xc X
6 HEAVY TWILLED SILESIAS, 25c TAN LISLE SOCKS, per ' O
JL per yam..... _...;. ............ 7Kc CHILDREN'S MULL SUN A
V RUSTLING LININGS, per yard. 6%c HATS, in cream, cardinal red V
A ALL-LINEN FACINGS, per yd. ll^c and light blue, were $175 and A
V IMITATION HAIR CLOTH, ?1 50, to be closed out at (each) 50c V
Q per yam...... ...5c Q
? AN INTERESTING REDUCTION. $
V OUR FAMOUS "LA CIGALE" GLOVES— Iong known as the best- 9
O wearing dollar Gloves in the country— been reduced to NINETY-FIVE O
JL CENTS. Every color. Every size. Every style. . jT
J§|C Famous
.ffISL Because
\j^w Good.^
That's what Waverxey BicycuC3
are. Don't you want one ?
Men's, three heights of frame, $85.
Ladies', $75 and $85.
$5 FIRST PAYMENT &g PER WEEK j
This offer applies only to residents of San Francisco, j
Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda—— — —
Catalog and Application Blank Frb«
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
J. 5. CONWELL, Manager,
s 18 and 20 McAllister St., S. P.
$7O
SEWING MACHINES
JF'ort $30.
Wheeler & Wilson No. 9 at That
They, are . from the Ay re's
bankrupt stock. A few are new.'
None can be called old. All go
at the same price. Some are
marred and will be sold for less
money. We warrant all of them.
Machines are delivered free in
San Francisco and instructed
upon. - •
WHEELER & WILSON MFG. CO.,
933 Market, Opp. Mason.
MONARCH : n
v .HOHIUU CYCLE 31«UPACTI T RISC CO., %
ft 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. f ",
■ < II AS. BROWN SON, 807 Market, Afc't. ,*,
V C. F. SALOMONSON & CO., Twelfth and •*<
LV J . Franlclln reet3> Oakland. Agent. , . &\
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
STANDARD MARINE
Insurance Company (Limited);
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. I). 1895, and for the year
ending on that day as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to ■
the provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank famished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL
Amount of capital stock paid up In .
ca5h...... ; .$500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company.:.... ..f 1,267,958 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
' of bonds.stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash iv banks ...; 45,066 00
Premiums in due course of collection 218,059 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks ,9,965 00
Stamps on hand ' 96200
~ Total assets $1,640,000 00
LIABILITIES. ~"
Losses in process of adjustment or in
suspense 128,700 00
Gross premiums on marine and In-i
land navigation risks: reiosur- 1
ance 100 per cent J. 116,055 00
Gr«Rs premiums on marine time I
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent.. J
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, - '
etc., and sundry creditors >* 109,431 00.
Amount carried to suspense account. ' 28,780 00
Total liabilities: f382,»86 00
;.ili>": INCOME. ,-
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums •....■ 430,335 00
Received for Interest and . dividends .
on bonds, stocks, loans and from '
all other sources..... ..V..;.'. :.;.-..•. » 35,390 00
Total income $465,725 00
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~
Net amount paid for marine losses..'. 412,901 00
Dividends to stockholders.;. .- 60,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other ■■ - ■ ■
charges for officers, clerks, etc . . . 37,795 00 '
Paid for . State, . National and local
• taxe5....:...;;.......-......... .220 00
All other payments and expenditures 10,045 00
Total expenditures 9511,961 00
Losses incurred during the year 9394,076 00
BISKS AND PREMIUMS.
+ ■•■-■: | MARIXK BI3KB. I PREMIUMS.
Net amount of risks I : ~~' ~~
written during the | ■ ; •'■ ■
year.... j 969,186,700 | $430,335 00
Net amount of risks j 
expired during |
the year .".:....... | 67.079.885 891,830 00
Net amount In force ( >
December 31, I • . ><
1895 I 7.490,450 116,055 00
: ... - JAS. G. NICHOLSON, President. J
JOHN OICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th dap
of February, 1896. , , *
* W. J. SULIB,
Vice and .Deputy Consul at Liverpool. . -
J. D. SPRECRELS & BROS. COMPANY,
it GENERAL AGENTS. /
• _ '- ■ . ' -' ; - ■ ■'■ .1
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS.
Office, 407-409 Montgomery St.
SAN. FRANCISCO. -
. Telephone Main 5968. •;■':'''•-■ ' '; ' i : ■
THESCCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GEL ROOM
OF THE . }.\.
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
I OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.WILL DEMOCRATIC
GOLDBUGS RULE?
A Cl#se and a Fierce
?ight at Sacra
mento.
IT'S ]TIP, TUCK AND WAR
The Local Contest Will Deter
mine the Greater Issue
That Is On.
A CONVENTION FORECAST.
Strong Is the Federal Machine— Both
Financial Factions Confident of
Victory.
Will the California goldbugs control the
State Convention when it convenes in
Sacramento June 16?
The heavy-weights of the Federal Bri
gade and the gold men generally who are
taking an active interest in the financial
record the party is about to make all say
so..- Most of them say so with great confi
dence.
The silver Democrats are just as san
guine that silver will run the Sacramento
convention.
Which faction will rule is quite uncer
tain at the present writing, but there are
some things that are certain enough to j
give long odds on. One is that if the
Junta delegation from San Francisco is
seated it will be nip-and-tuck on the great
issue that is rending the party from the
Muskingum to the San Joaquin.
Another certainty is that it will be the
'fiercest Democratic convention that ever
entertained California and made political
history hereabouts. The probabilities of
its horrors appear really appalling. The
financial question may split it wide open
and there are the indorsement of Cleve
land, the indorsement of Jiudd, the big
contest from San Francisco involving con
trol of the ' local party and some other
things calculated to add gore to the field
of carnage.
Tae convention is three weeks off, r " out
100 of the 600 delegates have been el ted
throughout the State by sixteen coumies,
and the situation is just beginning to take
definite form and present tangible pros
pects.
. It appears likely th&t there is to be
another Michigan" convention out here.
The administration whip is being well
laid on and the Federal brigade is con
ducting a hard and persistent campaign,
with the assistance, active or passive, of
the large gold element in the Democratic
party in this State.
There is little question in any observant
minds that the party in its mass is by a
very great majority for silver. The silver j
men would easily ruie the convention if j
the 600 delegates came naturally and !
spontaneously from the people, represent- ]
ing the views of their constituents. But I
there is no active silver campaign being j
conducted by strong leaders of wide prac- i
tical influence. *n - *- - ? — -
' It is different 'on the other side. The
Federal machine has been long at work.
It is working faster every day. The Dag
gett-McNab-Gould combination is the
, overshadowing power in the gold ranks,
and Daggett is the big man of this com- j
bination as far as this issue goes, Chair
man Gould being under his control, and '
'his co-worker, McNab, being chiefly con
cerned with San Francisco politics. Ad
ministration forces and gold men who will
.co-operate are scattered all over the State,
and the Federal office-holders have no
v.here lost a trick that could be taken.
The strength of the gold faction in the
convention will hence be much greater
than it is in the party.'
Superintendent of the Mint Daggett will
dominate the gold forces at Sacramento.
. He is the especial representative of the ad
ministration here because he is the strong
est force. From the day he took his office
he has played his patronage power forper
sonal power. His style of doing politics
. is ruthless, but , strong. His work has
been aggressive and relentless, as has been
Ebown chiefly in the local tight. He has
quit at no rebuff; or defeats, but has
> cursed his enemies and tried again for all
lie could get. After all the shouting not
Jong ago that the Daggett-Ralney combi
nation in the Junta was beaten it has
quietly come to pass that Daggett and
McNab are absolute masters of the Junta
delegation that has practically been se
lected.
. Daggett's scattering strength through
cut the State is largo and at Sacramento
lie will be the chief manipulating power
of that wing of the party. He expects to
• carry throueh the administration pro
gramme, gain control of the State Cen
tral Committee with the assistance of Mc-
Nab, Gould, Rainey and others and help
turn the local machine over to McNab
and Rainey. >
In figuring out the prospective compar
ative strength of the gold and silver con
vention forces the chief consideration is
at once the local contest. The Buckley
.regular general committee will send up
161 delegates, with every man personally
pledged in writing to silver. The Dagcett
.McNab . delegation will yield at least 150
votes for gold and it is likely that Dot a
half-dozen silver! tes will be found mixed
up in it. If the unit rule is adopted the
delegation will . yield a solid block of 161
votes for gold and all the rest of the pro
gramme.
The 161 votes from San Francisco are
likely to control the convention. If the
Junta in seated and the rival thrown out,
the gold faction will need but 150 votes
from all the rest of the State to have a ma
jority, as the delegates will number 600.
The goldbugs count on the Junta being
purely recognized, and hence their confi
dence.
To seat the Buckley delegation would
give the silver men an overwhelming con
tiol.' To divide the representation. would
undoubtedly give the silver faction a good
♦ majority. The local contest is thus closely
bound up with the great convention issue,
and the Buckleyites are as certain of at
least seating half their delegation as of the
KEW TO-DAT.
5 The World's Best Natural Aperient Water v/
v - ■- vy
V ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, proprietor V
X \- .f ,'■• Purveyor by special appointment to - W
}£ H. M. the Emperor of Austria and King of Hungary VV
V CAUTION : None genuine without I the signature of V
V the ■ firm "Andreas Saxlehner" on the label SJ
*>>>>>>>>>>><<<<<:<<<<♦<<;*
coming of another day. As there will un
doubtedly be a local coming together in
Home shape after th» convention, this is
looked upon as a natural disposition of the
case. The interior is not expected to look
with great favor qji the proposition of
turning the local party over to McNab,
Rainey and Daggett anyway.
Hut the Federal brigade will fight for
the Juntp as for life, and. indeed, ail things
being eq».al, the Junta would have a
great advantage, as the anti-Buckley feel
ing is strong throughout the State. Many
strong influences will work in relation to
this contest, as they have long been work
ing. The State is being flooded with let
ters and wires are bein^ pulled in every
direction. The Buckleyites say little of
their work ana prospects, while the Junta
people make loud and constant claims
that every delegate or leader they see or
hear from is "against Buckley." But they j
will all say that in answer to a direct i
question. When they come to vote with
all things considered it may be a different i
thing.
So the anti-gold, anti-Cleveland, anti-
Dageett forces are counted on to largely i
make the right for the Buckley delegation
and for themselves.
It is likely that the supreme clash will
come with lightnings and with thunders
almost ai quickly as the convention comes
to order. Gould will place the Junta dele
gation on the temporary roll. Gould, j
backed by all the forces affiliated with him,
will attempt to let the Junta delegation
vote on temporary organization to elect a
friendly temporary chairman who will ap
point a friendly committee on credentials.
It is solemnly promised that Secretary
John Markley" will never speak the first
name in such a rollcall.
If this programme is attempted to be
enacted through the record of Democratic
Donnybrook fairs is likely to be broken.
Many Buckleyites say that if this scheme
should be persisted in the convention may
split wide open then and there, not so
much for the row their hosts will raise as
through the rebellion of other delegates
who will demand fair play. But how all
this will come out no man may say.
Some of the 150 votes from the reßt of
the State needed by the gold bugs are ex
pected from the First Congressional Dis
trict. Ex-Congressman Geary of Sonoma
is a fierce administration man and a friend ,
of Daggett's. He is on his way back from j
Washington and will take off bis coat j
\V!)en he gets here. Prisoner Director J. ,
11. Wilkins i& a strong force in Marin !
County, and its few votes are claimed by
the cold men throiigh Wilkins. Elliott,
McAllister, ex-Sheriff Healy, now in the
Mint, and others. Five of the delegates
elected from Humboldt County are sup
posed to be friends of Daggett.
The sixteen counties that have chosen
delegates either through conventions or !
county committees are: San Diego,
Orange, San Bernardino, San Luis Obispo,
Kings, Stanislaus, Merced. Kern, El
Dorado, Sutter, Colusa, Glenn, Siskiyou
and Humboldt.
There is no certain information as to
how these delegations stand. A large ma
jority of the ten from San Diego are
claimed for gold. John C. Fisher, Collec
tor of the Port at San Diego, and Attorney
Oscar A.Trippert are running the gold
forces there and are strong factors. Fisher
is a close friend to Senator "White.
The outcome of the primary election at
Los Angeles will cut an important figure.
The railroad is a big element in the hot
tiijht ou down there. The delegation will
probably be mixed. John T. Gaffey, Col
lector of the Port, leads the administration
forces, but the delegation will be largely
for silver. Majorities of the Merced and |
Stanislaus delegations are claimed by the
gold politicians who are Keening cases.
Daggett will have most of the Siskiyou del
egation.
The gold men expect strong reinforce
ments from Santa Clara, where Barney
Murphy and Senator Whitehurst of Gil
roy are among the workers for that end.
A majority of the county committee and
a majority of the delegation are claimed. '
In ban Joaquin County Gould and Sena
tor Langford are prominent laborers in
the yellow cause.
It is thus that the workers to save the
country from the "disaster" of a free-silver
victory forecast a victory at Sacramento.
The Junta delegation and 150 or so votes
besides would give it to them. Of course,
the election of delegates-at-large depends
on the factional control of the convention.
The Daggett programme now appears to
be Barney Murphy of San Jose, E. B.
Pond of San Francisco and Thomas J.
Geary of Sonoma. This will be a strong J
combination with which to effect a trade
with the south.
A gold victory of course means the turn
ing down of Congressman Maguire and
W. W« Foote, along with Senator White
if he should decide to enter the squabble,
i The silver wing, would be apt to honor
those.
Alameda County is the field of a fierce
battle between Irish, Glasscock and Fitz
| gerald and the Englishes, Moffit and Lay-
I mance. The Irish wing is for gold and j
| Dapgctt is straining himself in their be- i
half. Frank Moffit is a leader of the silver
forces, which have the best of It just now,
and tue P^nglishes, though necessarily ad
ministration men and necessarily in the
Moffit- Laymance camp against their ene
mies, several gold delegates are apt to slip
into the delegation.
There is yet no talk on either side of
bolting if things do not ttirn out right at
Sacramento, but there is time for that.
The goid men are thought much more
likely than the silver men to take their
medicine if administered.
It is recognized that the plain tendency
of the Democratic party throughout the
country toward free silver will have its in- j
fluence on the State Convention.
There will be a hot convention fight on !
the indorsement of Cleveland's financial j
policy. His administration will be easily :
indorsed in all other respects.
How Governor Budd and his State ad
ministration forces will figure in the gen- j
eral mess nobody knows. Budd is for
silver but he iB doing no shooting about it
as yet. He is anxious for an indorsement
and anxious for tue future, but His politi
cal enemies in this convention will be
many and the bosses of the gold wing will
be chief among them.
"If Budd gets an indorsement he's got
to keep his nose clean," was the way an
active administration man gave warning
yesterday that Budd would better keep
j out of the money-Cleveland fight. Budd
will show his attitude more clearly later,
when the situation gets plainer.
The number of Democrats who wont
talk politics, local, State and even Na
tional, is remarkable. Some don't know
what to say about things, so badly are
they mixed, and others would rather keep
still for a while, anyway.
George W. Baker, the California repre
sentative of the Bimetallic League and the
head of the inchontic independent free
silver party in this State, is a Republican
otherwise, but he has probably kept closer
watch on the silver issue here than any
other man and his opinion about the
Democratic State Convention is or interest
and value.
"It is my opinion that the convention
I will declare for free silver," he said yes
! terday, "though theie is a hard fight
1 being made against it by the Federal
J brigade. I do not beliove that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
men will control the convention
even if the 161 Junta delegates bossed i
by McNab, Daggett and that coterie
are sealed. They can't control the County.
There is no question that the rank and tile
of the party is for silver. The convention
will declare for bimetallism in some style,
if it does not come out flat-footedly for
free silver.
"I doubt that the Junta delegation will
be seated. The 'Buckley' cry is being
used as a bugbear largely. The local fight
is one of the 'outs' against the *ins,' and
the outs are in a large majority. I see
that the delegates at large named by the
Junta campaign committee last night
nearly all belong to the Cleveland Democ
racy.
"Daggett has made a host of enemies
and many in the Junta organization are
ufraid of McNab's securing control of the
machine. For these and other reasons I
do not think that ltil gold votes will be |
placed from San Francisco and that the
views of the party will be expressed. Ala
meda County, where I live, will send a
silver delegation, for I believe that the
John P. Irish crowd will be beaten.
"I believe that the golvl men will con
tiol the Chicago convention because they
have the machinery to make up the tem
porary roll and put in contesting sold del
egates. The best thing for the silver men
would be for the Democratic National Con
vention to nominate a cold man—prefera
bly Cleveland.
"Then the free-silver pa.ty would start
out and probably make an alliance with
the Populists. If the Democratic party
declares for free silver and nominates a
good free-silver man, we will do what we
o>a to indorse him. Ido not say that in
that event it would be impossible to bring
about a Populist nomination of the same
man, but it is improbable.'*
Max Popper, one of the champions of
gold, had this to Bay about financial
politics:
"It is too early to say how the State
Convention will be made up on this issue,
because so few counties have elected
delegates, but I believe that the
silver forces will be in a minority.
San Diego is largely for gold and
I was surprised to learn that Stanislaus
and Merced were not for silver. I think
that it will be a close and a hard tight.
However, if the other States keep on
pledging for silver, it will have its effect
on the convention, as many will
be inclined to follow the trend
ot the party and be in with
the winning side. As to Chicago I can
only hope there will be no bolt. I want to
see harmouy. The silver men are the only
ones talking about bolting so far."
"The State Convention will declare for
silver by a good majority, "said W.W.Foote.
"About thirty Slates have declared for sil
ver and that will appeal to the convention.
I am going to the State Convention chiefly
to introduce two resolutions, one declaring
against the A. P. A. and the other against
the funding bill. 1 don't think that there
will be a bolt at Chicago, though it is hard
to tell what will happen if the pawn
brokers run the convention."
Frank McCoppin, the Postmaster of Ban
Francisco, is very shy of interviewers, but
well posted Democrats s»y that he will
carry the gold banner before the campaign
is over.
John P. Dunn, Registrar of the Land
Office, has not taken a pronounced posi
tion on the money question. He said yes
terday that he did not luily understand
the question, but he was very confident
that the rank and file would accept the
platform of the National Democratic Con
vention and that there would be no dis
ruption of the party whether gold or silver
was indorsed.
Campbell P. Berry, Assistant United
States Treasurer and formerly member of
Congress from this State, has positive
views on public questions, but he is not
ready at the present time to make a public
exposition of his principles. He has kept
entirely out of the local factional disputes
of the party.
Will S. Green, Surveyor-General, is very
frank and outspoken in declaring that the
sentiment of the Democratic party in Cali
fornia is not for the free coinage of silver.
He has prepared a financial plank, which
may be put in the platform at Sacramento.
Here is the plank:
Resolved, That the Democratic party is in
favor of bimetallism— ln favor of the largest
use of silver consistent with keeping gold aud
silver on a parity, and to that end is in favor
of securing some international agreement as
favorable as possible to the use of silver, but
pending such negotiations it favors: First,
the retirement from circulation of all paper
money of every kind except certificates paya- |
blc exclusively in silver, these certificates to i
be issued in denominations of $1, $2, $5 and
$10; second, the retirement from circulation
of all gold coin under the double eagle or
#20 piece.
Speaking on the subject yesterday Mr.
| Green said: "The adoption of this reso
lution will recognize gold as the standard j
and silver as the circulating medium. The
sentiment of the people of California
is favorable to gold. California is
j not a silver State in the sense of desiring
the free coinage of silver. Some noisy talk
■ era are proclaiming for free silver, but they
do not represent the Democratic party. Yes,
I am sure the administration of President
Cleveland will be indorsed by the State
Convention of the party at Sacramento
and by the National Convention at Chi
cago, and I do not apprehend any disrup
tion or bolting. No other than Grover
Cleveland Democrats will be sent to the
Chicago convention from this State."
Colin M. Boyd, a well-known Democrat,
who has served as Auditor and chairman
of the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors, cares not a blank whether the
State Convention indorses gold or silver.
! He said: "1 am so earnest as Fire Com- i
I missioner in my desire to keep the Fire
j Department out of politics that I deem it
i wise to keep out of politics myself. Again,
I as a matter of fact, I do not understand
what the free coinage of silver means, and
I think The Call should enlighten the
people of both parties as to the real mean
ing of the agitation. Now, only to-day a
leading man, the president of a well
known insurance company, told me that
he didn't know anything about the sub
ject, and when he asked me what I under
stood free coinage of silver to mean I told
him that my understanding of it was that
a man could take his silver to the mint, a
ton or less at a time, and get it coined into
silver dollars."
Barney D. Murphy of Ban Jose said yes
terday: "It would give me pleasure to
go to the National Convention if I could
go uninbtructed, but I would not go tied
up with pledges to favor the free coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 or 40 to l.tln
my opinion we might as well have it 40 to
lasl6to 1. lam glad that the people are
coming to their senses on the money ques
tion. Our people in California cannot
afford to have the gold standard abol
ished."
RODGERS MAY DIE.
Thrown From Ills Buggy by an Klec
trlc-Car on Twenty- Third
Avenue.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 26.— John W.
Rodgers, entry clerk and collector for W.
A. Rouse & Co. of this city, is lying at the
point of death at the home of T. F. Evans
on Twenty-third avenue to-night, and the
attending physician holds out no hope of
bis recovery, as he is suffering from inter
nal injuries received about 11 o'clock when
an electric-car hit his Duggy and threw
him across the wheel.
He had been in the store on business,
and as be came out he noticed a car com
ing down the street, but as his horse was
thoroughly gentle he paid no attention to
it. but stepped into his buggy. The horse
for some unknown reason backed a step or
two, and, as the avenue is very narrow,
the rear wheel of the buggy was thrown
across the track.
Rodgers is only 26 years of »ge, and has
a wife and little girl. He has been with
the firm by which he is employed since
his marriage four years ago. He recently
took out an insurance in the Woodmen of
the World.
Reports as to the speed of the car vary,
but the fact that it did not break the buggy
goes to show that it must have been going
slow. The motorman Bays be had reduced
the apeed as he saw the buggy, but he had
no idea of the rig coining on the track.
When it did he applied the brake, but it
was too late to stop.
A HUSBAND AND
HIS TWO NAMES.
Mrs. Margaret Ham Sues
Her Wealthy Husband
for Divorce.
QUEER TALE UNFOLDED
She Came Across the Plaiflsl
With Mrs. Jane Stan
ford.
HUSBAND'S COUNTERCHARGE.
He Says His Wife Left Him and Her
Child for aSiQ Francisco
Physician.
Several days ago a complaint was filed
with the County Clerk entitled Margaret
Ham ts. Daniel T. Ham. It was the initial
step in an action for divorce and distribu
tion of community property.
The grounds alleged were extreme
MRS. HAM (VIERTONG). WHO IS SIIXG FOR A DIVORCE.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
cruelty and the value of ihe property was
placed at about $6000. This commonplace
wording excited no special interest at the
time.
It now transpires, however, that the de
fendant Ham is no other than A. O. Vier
tong of Stockton, a well-known mining
man and capitalist, who is estimated to be
worth half a million dollars.
It is doubtful if a dozeu of Viertong's
friends know that his real name is Ham.
In the early days he was a theatrical man
and afterward married, and assuming the
maiden name of his mother has gone by it
ever since.
Twenty years ago, as Viertong (Ham)
tells the story, he met a handsome Creole
widow in Dayton, Nev. Her name was
Mrs. Coddiugton. He was a dashing young
fellow with plenty of money, and a mutual
attachment sprang up between them.
They finally decided to throw in their lots
with one another.
Several years later they moved to Sucra
mento, and in 1891 they were made legally
one, the difficulty before beine that the
handsome widow, who bad been blessed
with three prior husbands, had not been
properly separated from "hubby" No. 3
until that time. She was married to Vier
tong on Christmas night, lxtl.
They lived together happily ail these
years until about five months ago, when
sue left her handsome home in Stockton
and came to this City to place herself
under the treatment of a prominent phy
sician, She came with her husband's
consent. He was loving and indulgent.
The good man, so he says, gave her s3(soo
and a power of attorney. He was away a
large portion of the time looking after "his
mining interests in Tuolumne and Shasta
counties of this State and also in Nevada.
It was natural that he should not want
her to become embarrassed for lack of
funds during his long absence, hence his
trusting her with a power of attorney.
Mrs. Ham (Viertong) is 50 years of age
and a grandmother. In spite of her years
and her some 200 pounds, the surplusage
of which is not ungraceful adipose tissue,
she is quite attractive. She took rooms
on Mission street, not far from Fifth.-
Soon after her arrival in the City, bo her
husband says, «he made the acquaintance
of a yonng doctor. The medico seemed to
be charmed by the buxom Mrs. Viertong
( Ham), and she, being Mattered at first.soon
became much enamored of her attentive
admirer.
"He induced her to buy a lodging-house
for several hundred dollars," said her hus
band, "and he then took up his abode with
her. I was not long in rinding it out, and
j when I came down here a few days ago I
made tnings warm for the young man.
He moved. I have thirty days in which
to answer the complaint, and with the two
food lawyers I have engaged in Stockton
expect to make it warm in the neighbor
hood before I get through. She has left
her comfortable home and our little
adopted daughter. Panxy, and seems lost
to all but one thought.
"Her reason for setting the amount of
the community property at snch a low
figure in her complaint was because she
thought she could secure the separation so
much easier. Already her conduct has
caused me to lose nearly $100,000 in a min
ing deal."
After the legal fight is ended Mr. Vier
tong (Ham) says he will attend to another
fight— that of the young medico — and
make the latter sorry that he ever paid
his gallant attentions to other men's
wives.
Mrs. Ham. as she prefers to calLherself,
came across the plains in the same train
with Mrs. Jane Stanford of Palo Alto.
Her maiden namfi was Margaret Nail.
Viertong is well known as the inventor
of several improvements in mining ma-
I chinery and was instrumental in sending
the schooner Hayseed to Cocos Island
some years ago in search of buried
treasure.
"Her allegations of cruelty I deny in
toto," he said, -'and all of onr Stockton
friends are aware of the fact that I have
been an indulgent — over-indulgent — hus
band. She has abused my indulgence and
liberality, and before she and her medical
accomplice get through with me they will
find that an indulgent husband is not all
indulgence."
Mrs. Ham (Viertong) was seen, but she
declined to discuss :ier side of the case.
Sbe contented herself with the assertion
that sbe would compel the tolling of the
whole story when the time came.
And the tale is not half unfolded.
RAYMOND AVILES' THREAT.
Kx- Fireman of the Lolt Collins Writes
About Bnioide.
Coroner Hawkins received a letter yes
terday from a writer claiming to be Ray
mond Aviles, who was fireman on the
steamer Colima, which Bank May 27, 1895—
a year ago to-day. The letter is as follows :
San Francisco, Cal., May 26, IS9G.
Coroner of San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir:
When you receive this letter I be dead to the
world. It be a year ago to-morrow that 1 was
saved from the Colima oft Manzanillo after so
many hardships, and now I am tired of living.
I take my own life in the cold waters of the
bay. Raymond aviles,
Ex-flreman of the Colima.
The whereabouts of Aviles could not be
ascertained yesterday. Some of his friends
said that he bas not been well-balanced
mentally since the steamer was lost.
♦ ♦ »
Barbers' Union.
At the last meeting of the Barbers' Associ
ation of San Francisco the employment of
musicians from the Presidio in preference to
union musicians was condemned. It was de
cided to hold a mass- meeting of barbers on
June 21 at 102 O'Farrell street to agitate the
early closing movement. Tne committee to
look after the affair is I. Less, S. Fuch and
H. A. Wolfe. J. Hugtias was elected vice
president and H. A. Wolfe and M. A. Tupionok
as trustees.
CATHOLIC BROTHERHOOD.
Subject of an Address by Father
Mulligan to an Open
Meeting.
He Points Out the Duties and Rights
of the Members of the
Y. M. I.
Mission Opera Hall was well filled last
night by tue friends, of Borromean Coun
cil No. 129, Y. M. 1., under whose auspices
the first of a series of weekly open meet
ings was held.
The exercises opened with a well-ren
dered overture on tne piano by Professor
D'Arcy. R. R. Dinnigan contributed to
the evening's entertainment by singing.
Father P. E. Mulligan then p.ddressed
the assemblage on "Catholic Fraternity."
He said in part:
"I wish to pay something to the yonng
men on the duties of fraternity and the
rights of fraternity. Fraternity is a thing
of Christian origin. In the days of
paganism fraternity was unknown. It be
gan with the advent of Christ. With the
coming of Christ men first began to real
ize the existence and value ot brotherhood
and fraternal charity."
It was due to this feeling, he declared,
that slavery was wiped out of existence.
He proceeded as follows:
"As members of a fraternal body you
hold a dignity which also carries duties.
These are the times when you should be
faithful to duty. These are the times
when men may point their fingers at you,
and you should show what manhood there
is among the Catholic young men. You
should make your lives snch that no one
can point the finger of scorn at you, and
your living example should bo such as to
make those among whom you live realize
that there a.re good principles which
govern you: that the Catholic young man
is entitled to the highest respect and
honor.
"Besides the duties you have you also
have rights— rights most sacred aud that
should not be violated. We have the
right to worship in freedom and as we
deem fit."
He then referred to the labors of Cath
olics in the discovery and settlement and
in the preservation of this country through
the Revolution and|the Civil War. In line
with this tboujtht he continued.'
"Is it right, then, to say that Catholics
are not loyal and should not be allowed to
nold public office?"
He concluded by exhorting his hearers
to spread the grand principles of religion,
without which, he said, no country was
stable and no nation safe.
Frank McGlvnn spoke of the objects of
the Yonng Men's Institute, which, he
said, was organized for the moral, social
and intellectual advancement of its mem
bers. "Politics," he added, "are strictly
tabooed in the order, and there is nothing
in the order that should prevent a good
American citizen from joining it."
MissA^ncs O'Brien's solo was followed
by a humorous recitation by Dr. J. P. Mc-
Carthy, who was forced to respond to an
encore. Frank McGlynn closed the enter
tainment by some of his characteristic
declamation?.
IRVINGTON SEMINARY.
Brilliant V, Closing Exerciiei of - the
Young Ladles' Academy. - -
! IRVINGTON, Cal.. May : 26.-Curtner
Seminary for Young Ladies closed ; its
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
GiiiwiraiiE
• : i OX* : — : '
SDMgHpSI
As the result of a SPECIAL SPOT CASH PUR-
CHASE AT OUR OWN FIGURES we to-day make A
MOST OPPORTUNE OFFERING OF BARGAINS,
consisting of a vast assortment ' of NEW AND EX-
CLUSIVE STYLES AND NOVELTIES in LADIES'
WAISTS, comprising all the prettiest and most fashion-
able materials for summer wear at the following .
MABVELOUSLY LOW PRICES !
-A-* 75 Cents.
1 100 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundried collar and cuffs, in fancy stripes and ;
checks, regular price $1, will be offered at 75c. .
' ;^; ' " At 31.00.
100 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy lawns and percale, perfect tit, regular
price ?1 25, will be offered at $1. *>•*- %
.A.* »1.23.
80 dozen LADIES' FANCY DIMITY WAISTS, detachable collar, latest style, regular
price $1 50, will be offered at |1 25.
«-
At SI.QO.
80 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy Persian patterns, detachable collars,
regular price $1 75, will be offered at $1 50.
At g1.78.
70 dozen LADIES' LAWN AND DIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, latest style, regular
price $2, will be offered at $1 75.
A.t $2.00.
70 dozen LADIES' FANCY PERCALE. LAWN AND DIMITY, made in the latest
style, regular price $2 25, will be offered at $2.
; . -A_t $2.50 and 63.00.
GO dozen LADIES' PERSIAN DIMITY WAISTS, detachable collar and cuffs, regular
price $3 and $3 50, will be offered at $2 50 and $3. rVv,, i£f~W-S-&
fg/JP^' MURPHY BUILDING-, /
(/(/ taw Street, corner of Jones, /
■AST FRANCISCO.
second year's work on the 20th inst. The |
closing exercises began on Sunday, May
17, with a baccalaureate address at 11 a. m.
by the Rev. R. H. Bateman of Santa Cruz. |
On Monday evening the young ladies gave
a musical and literary recital to a crowded
house and did themselves and the institu
tion much credit. The music throughout
the evening aud the tableau movements!
at the close of the programme by six
young ladies deserves especial mention.
The school being new, the first and only
graduate was Miss Olive McGinnes of Oak
dale, Cal.
The programme was as follows:
Qnartet, "Dance of the Demons" (Hoist),
Misses Fint. Hamilton, Myers and Ware:
French dialogue, "Les Etoiles gin Filent"
(Beranger), Misses Fink and Barclay; recita
tion, "Aunty Doleful's Visit" (Mary Kvle
Dallas), Miss Lola Seeber; vocal soai, "Ah!* at
Length 'tis Here" (Ferd Gumbert), Valora
Mumford. "As You Like It," act 111,
scene 2 — act IV, scene 1 (Shatespoare)— Oelia.
llelene Jones; Rosalind, Ellen M. Hamilton;
Orlando, Edith Jackson. Vocal solo, "When
You are Near," R. F. Luse; piano solo, "Ecos
saisen" (Beethoven), Bertha Luse; German
soliloquy from Schiller's "Maid of Orleans,"
Glen Myers: vocal solo, "Cavatina," from
opera "I Puritnni," Miss Graham; duo, '•Point j
a Peath" (Kowalski), Misses i>urnmn and Mum- i
ford; tableaux movements (Anna S. Shields), j
Winnie Jnrvis, Ellen Majora Hamilton, Leva i
Phillips, Edith Jackson, Alice Fink, llelene i
Jones.
The closing exercises on Tuesday after
noon were especially good. Miss Durham,
Professor Edward Lada of San Francisco
and Miss Lena Voltz made a favorable im
pression. Dr. J. W. Dinsmore's address to
the school was received with enthusiasm.
The following programme was presented : j
Invocation; violin solo, "Romanze," op. 26 ',
(Svendses), Professor Edward Lada; piano '
solo. "Veuezia c Niipoli," tarantella No. 3
(Liszt), Miss 'Mary Durham; address. Dr. .1. W. '
DinsßJore; violin solo, "Lejrende," op. 17 (Wie- I
niawski), Professor Edward Luda; vocal solo,
"Theme and Variations" (Froch), Miss Lena
Voltz.
._ _ «« — — « ■ ■" .
The tympanum covers the passage lead- i
ing to the interior of the ear, just as a !
drumhead covers a drum. «
kew to-pat: |
m F. CUTTER
■■'■■, R| EXTRA
II Bourbon
«lff|im% a- staple.
T( J medicinal
I Lt^ %i, I w > iske y
1 1 *• . extra for a
I «Sjr^lU? quarter- .
I century.
j^^y E. MARTIN
l^fita 411 Market St.,
Hf »»i ii»i fl San Franciaco.
nil :re ITCHING PILES
rII t.OSWAYNE'B _
ABSOLUTBIiY CURBS. Ulwl IW tH 1 1 I\_1 \_
1 jrYMPTOMS-MalHtnre; • Intern* Itchlnc : and - .
•tlaslact mo«t at nlghi; wor«o by -stoking. If ' .
' olio wed to continue tumor* form and protrude,
which often hW<l sad alccrate, bcc-onilng very
•ore. A VNK!*O)\TKK.\T Btop-iheltohh.it
and bleed Ins, ulceratlon, and In niMtMH* ;':
- remove* th« tumor* AjAjovlz Dnif tut tat .
22 Geary St., Neap Kearny.
Fi£nrefl¥tamines
The following remarkable values
in Figured Etamines and Creponne
Faconne will be placed on sale
Monday:
imported ETAMHE SUITS,
$17. 50
IMPORTED ETAMIKE SUITS,
$25.00
Above goods are usually sold at
$25, $35 and 10 a BOit
FIGURED MOHAIR SUITS,.
$3.50 Each
Goods Sent C. O. D.
' Samples Forwarded.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
FBEI'S COSSET BOOSE.
JUST RECEIVED— A LAME INVOICE OF
liOnfc-Waisted P. D. Sans Rival Corsets, ■
G. P. a la Slrene Corset*, '.
- Celebrated Royal C. T. Corset*,
Eleerant N. T. French Comets, -
. Unrivaled , Werly Corsets, .
'■; Bicycle Corsets. .
The Reigning Fashionable LOUIS XV
PARISIAN CORSET and THE
OLGA CORSET.
■ 'A .-.;<•■ ■ .> . .J . .
y? IsEsHsA 3 a
" ■ 1 " 2.
« ' . . ■ :- : • r
CAUTION — Having ■no agencies or ' branch
! storm, our Corsets can ■be purchased only at our
! establishment. \ . .. -
.Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. . .
MAKK NOMISTAKJt: IN OUR ADDRESS
3VE. jF'SFCJESTJXJ t&s SON,
742-744 Tlarket St. and 10-12 Grant Avo.
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
TTEARXY. AND WASHINGTON STS.— RH-
JV modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooins 600 to VI 50 per day, Hi
to $8 per week, $3 to-830 per montn: free bath*:
hot and . cold water ■ every room ; lire grate i in
every room: elevator runs allnlzbt.  :•/ .-.■-, ;„
910
SPIRITUALISTS
NOW UNITED,
Mrs. Whitney Receives a
Spiritual Communica
tion.
CONSTITUTION DRAFTED
Officers for the Ensuing Year
Elected by Unanimous
Vote.
C. H. WADSWORTH, PRESIDENT.
President Barrett Receives a Hand
some Gift at the Social in
the Evening.
The spiritualistic convention bpened yes
terday morning with Mra. Ella Wilson
Marchant of San Bernardino in the chair.
Brief speeches on organization were
Some Prominent Members of the Spiritualistic Cult Elected to Office In the State
Association at the Convention Yesterday.
made by William Burgess, Arthur C. Green,
Mrs. Baxter Reynolds, Mrs. E. Seeley,
Mr?. Kate Hnseman, Dr. C. H. Rin-Es, Mrs.
W. K. Robinson, Mrs. M. A. Ellis and Pro
fessor Mingo.
Mrs. Kate Hnseman, delegate from Oak
land, on behalf of the societies of that
city, extended an invitation to the conven
tion to be presenc at a banquet in Hamil
ton Hall at 2 p. m. to-day.
It was stated that President Barrett
would leave for Portland Thursday.
I his was a conference session and was
broken up by numerous short recesses. The
bulk of the business was transacted in the
afternoon.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
A Constitution Drafted and a Spirit
Communication to Mrs.
Whitney.
The afternoon session was opened with
the singing of "Scatter Seeds of Kind
ness." Everybody sant» with a will, not
withstanding the intense heat of the day
kept the fans of the audience in continual
motion.
Mrs. R. Scott-Briggs, an Oakland repre
sentative, who has been actively engaged
in tbe cause of woman suffrage, both in
the Ea;t and on the Pacific Coast, was in
troduced by Mrs. May Drynan, acting
chairman for the session, and made a
speech on organization and the general
welfare and condition of tbe spiritual
cult. During her speech she paid an elo
quent tribute to the president of the
National association. Harrison D. Barrett.
"With such a man as he at the head of
tbe association," she said, "how can we
do anything else than climb higher up
the ladder of ethical principles and spiritu
ality? I tell you, my dear friends, the
amount of time and fervor this man has
thrown into the cause ought to make us
feel proud of him, and rest assured that
the welfare of our religion is in the safest
of hands."
At the conclusion of her speech Mrs.
Scott-Briggs invited Mrs. Kate Hoskins
of the Minneapolis Spiritualistic Society
to address the representatives. The lady
accepted the invitation and made a rather
lengthy address upon the advantages that
would result from organization, and the
disadvantages from living out in the cold,
hard world.
"We are going to organize," she stated,
"and there is nothing that we must let
stand in the way. In the vocabulary of
Spiritualism there is no such word as
fail."
Next came Professor Mingo, a colored
medium well known in local spiritualistic
circles. The gentleman admitted, prior to
his argument for organization and better
treatment of true mediums by the laws of
the land, that his record in the past had
been as black as the ace of spades, where
upon the audience howled their approval.
"But there is one thing I deny," he
vehemently added, "and that is that dur
ing the two years I have been a medium
no man can cast the faintest shadow upon
my recoru in that direction."
Now came the event of the day. The
committee appointed to draft a constitu
tion filed in slowly, a solemn hush falling
upon the assemblage. William Yeaw of
San Francisco then stepped forward and
stated that the committee had agreed upon
a constitution, which would be read by
President Barrett.
Mr. Barrett prefaced the reading with a
short account of how they bad arrived at
certain conclusions-.
The document was of great length, com
prising twenty-three closely written pages.
The space taken up by the preamble,
which gave merely the "principal reasons
for union, was considerable. Mmy parts
also were devoted simply to parliamentary
rules, laws concerning the officers' duties
and financial propositions.
Those clauses of vital import are as fol
lows:
Article I— The name of this association shall
be the California State Spiritualists' Associa
tion, and it shall be incorporated by such title
under the Ikws of the State of California.
Article ll— The objects of said association
shall be the organization of the various local
epintuali-tic societies of the State of Califor
nia lor the purpose of mutual aid and co-oper
ation in benevolent, charitable, educational,
literary, musical, scientific, religious and mis
sionary purposes germane to the phenomena,
science, philosophy and religion of spiritual
ism ; to own and hold real and personal prop
erty, to solicit and receive donations and be
quests for the above-Btated objects ; to estab
lish, foster and innh;tain children's progress
ive lyceurus in the- State of ( alifornia, and to
devis-e ways an<l means by which tne interest
and welfare of spiritualism may be advanced
in said State.
Article VI, section I— The membership or pri
mary units of tnis association shall consist of
all spiritualists' societies chartered by it, and
they shall send delegates to the annual con
ventions upon the tollowing basis, namely,
one delegate for each chartered society, and an
additions! delegate fpr each twenty members
or major lraction thereof.
Article VIII. section l— The board of direct-
on mall have the power to ordain spiritual
teachers, upon whom shall be conferred all
the rights and privileges under tbe law en
joyed by tbe clergy of all religious societies
upon proper evidence.
Article VIII, section 2— The applicants mus *
be known as workers of at least one year's
standing, and must be indorsed by tbe officers
of such chartered society connected with this
association as morally and personally repu
table, possessed of inspirational power, and of
at least average educational ability; such ap
plication to be forwarded to the secretary of
this association by the secretary of the local
society through which, under its «eal, the ap
plication is made.
Article VIII, section 3— The applicants must
in each case agree to surrender their certifi
cates of ordination if at any time they may, in
the judgment of the board of Directors, upon
proper information from ihe local societies, be
proved unfit to continue holding the same.
Article VIII, section 4— Whenever any hold
ers of papers of ordination from this associa
tion shall have been convicted of any criminal
offense the certificate of organization shall be
forthwith canceled, and all societies of spirit
ualists in the United States notified of such
action by the secretary of this association.
Article IX — We recognize mediumship as the
channel of the Inspiration, progress and power
of spiritualism, and as furnishing evidence of
the truth of the same. To insure the best re
sults mediums need greater protection, en
couragement and assistance in the exercise of
their gifts and aid in case of indigence, and
there shall lie set aside a special fund for such
purpose under the supervision of the board of
directors, all contributions to which fund
shall be appropriated to no other purpose
whatsoever.
Article X— The annual convention of this
association shall be held in the City of San
Francisco on the first Friday of September.
The president of the State Association shall
preside and the secretary of said association
shall be secretary of the conventions. The
authorized voters shall be the duly elected
delegates from the various chartered societies.
At these conventions the regular election of
the officers and board of directors for the en
suing year shall take place and all necessary
business be transacted.
The constitution was adopted.
The following committee named the offi
cers: Mrs. J. J. Whitney, Mrs. E. Sloper,
Mrs. Julia Schlessinger, W. H. D. Haru
blev, Mrs. S. Cowell, C. H. Wadsworth, B.
F. Small.
They returned with the names of the fol
lowing to be elected for the coming year:
President, C. H. Wadsworth of San Jose;
vice-president, W. D. J. Hambley of San Jose;
secretary, Mrs. Julia Schlessinger of San Jose;
treasurer, William Ryder; directors— Mrs.
Elizabeth Sloper, Mrs.' R. Cowell, S. D. Dye,
George Rogers, Frank H. Parker.
On vote these were chosen to be offi
cers for the term. Mrs. J. J. Whitney,
the secretary, was instructed to cast tae
ballot. Mrs. Julia Schlessinger was also
elected State librarian and Mrs. Sloper
btate organizer.
A rising vote of thanks to President
Barrett was taken for his kindness and
good counsel.
Mrs. "Whitney thereupon arose and
passed into a trance, in which she re
ceived and communicated a spirit mes
sage from J. B. Wolfe, Marian H. Skid
more and Hen^y Higbey, who indorsed
the idea of organization and extended a
blessing. Barrett then arose and said
Wolfe was the same one that had fore
shadowed the National organization to
him four years ago.
An adjournment was taken till tbe even
ing, when a pleasant social time waa en
joyed in the halL
EVENING RECEPTION.
A Pleasant Time Spent by the
Representatives Prior to
Departure.
This waa a brilliant and successful event,
a fitting climax to the convention.
The hail bau been tasteiully decorated,
but for tbe evening's entertainment added
festoons of snowy cheese cloth, gayly be
spangled with squares and triangles ol
gilt, had been hung round the balcony,
and many fresh and fragrant calla lillies,
roses, geranium blossoms aad other
flowers were woven in beautiful designs
and scattered round ttie platform.
The programme for tne occasion con
sisted of instrumental and vocal music,
recitations, readings and speeches. They
were all heartily applauded, and many
were encored. The following was the
programme:
Reading, Miss Jennie Reed; duet, Dr. and
Mrs. ClanO reading, Paul Craig; vocal solo,
Miss Lillian Coleman; Calisthenic drill,
Lyceum children; recitation, Mi»s Lillie Wicht;
vocal solo, Mr». George Winters; recitation,
Mrs. M. A. Ellis; vocal solo, Mrs. Martha
stimpson; humorous reading, J. J. Morse;
Spanish dance, Miss Ida Queutin.
At the conclusion of the programme
President Barrett was invited to come
upon the platform. He did so, and hardly
iiad he taken his seat when a little girl,
jressed entirely in white, handed him a
small package tied in blue ribbon. With
the gift she deliverea a short and compli
mentary speech, saying that it was a testi
monial of the c.-teem in which he was held
ay the assembled co-workers.
The president of the National Spiritual
rstic Association heartily thanked those
present for the subbtaut la 1 token of their
appreciation, saying that in a year or two
tie would probably return, and hoped be
tvouid then find a large and flourishing or
ganization here.'
"But the real person to whom should be
iue the gratitude of you all is not 1," he
said. ' "It is one who has labored far more
faithfully and disinterestedly than myself
for the success of this convention, and how
tier efforts have, been rewarded the results
we have attained show. She it is who did
more work as a delegate to the Chicago
convention in 1893 than any other one per
son there, who. was so faithful in the per
formance of her duty that she was re
garded in being elected trustee and incor
porator by the unanimous vote of the
convention. The person to whom I have
reference is your State organizer, Mrs.
Elizabeth Sioper."
Hia wows brought down the house and
Mrs. Sloper was uproariously called upon
to say something. In a few apt words she
explained that a severe cold prevented her
making a suitable reply. She said that
the moment was one of the happiest of her
busy liie and that she felt aruply repaid
for her arduous labors of the last few
days.'FggßQ
' This ended the literary part of the pro
gramme and the representatives and their
friends spent • the rest of the evening in
dancing.
Among those present were: •
Harrison D. Barrett, William Emmett Cole
man, J. J. Morse, Mr. and Mrs. William Bur-
W*X i \Zl 1L 1 d » re * E * sin son . Mr; and Mrs.
W. H. Birch, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Barker. Mr
and Mrs. William Yeaw, Mrs. 8. J. Coleman'
Misses Lillian and Emily Coleman, Mrs Ella
s»ewart, Mrs. Julia Schlessinger, Mrs C U
Parks, Dr. and Mrs. Lovejoy, Mr. . and Mrs
John Brown, Mrs. Kate Logan, Mrs. Stemwood'
Mrs. Greenwood, Mrs; Charles Lewi*. Dr C H*
Rin-es, Mrs. I. Wells, Miss Edna Adler, Mis'
Cornelius, W. M. Kyder, Mrs. Carrie
Wermouth, Miss Sophia Egbert, Mrs C J
Myer, Miss .Mabel Wits, Mrs. \ E. F. Fair
Mrs. M. A. Richardson, Mr. and Mrs. George
Cramer, . Mrs; Sarah Sval, " Mrs. M. J. Hendee-
Rogers, Mrs. Downer Stone, Mrs. Maud .Miller
Mrs. Ella York, Mr. and I Mrs. William • Vinter'
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. D. Hambly, ■ Mr. and Mrs'
C. H. Wndsworth, ' Mrs. H. A. Griffin, Mrs Wil
liam McMe*ekin, Mr. and Mrs. George Roberts
Mr. and Mrs.' D. R. Ladd, Mr. and Mrs. Fulton-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
Tuley, Dr. James Craig, Mr. and Mrs. J. W
Shriner, Mrs. F. H. Barker, Mrs. G. W. More-,
house, Mrs. M. Myer. Dr. Crawford, Miss Tessa
Hicltman, Miss Ktt-.i Muller, Miss Renie Hunt,
Miss Lillie Wicht, Rev. Edward Ne
ville and wife, Mr and Mrs. D. N. Place,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Whitney. Frank Brown, Mrs.
May Drynan. Mrs. Martha Stimpson, Mrs. Har
riet Wren, Mrs. Emily Seeley, Mrs. W. K. Rob
inson, Mr. and Mrs. George Winters, Mr. and
Mrs. George I. Drew, Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Small,
Mrs. Ludd-Finnican, Mrs. K. C. Griffin, Joseph
Fisk, Mrs. S. L. Slocum, Mr. and Mrs. R. Cow
ell, Mrs. Fred Evans, Dr. C. Grattan, Mrs. M. E.
Williams, Mrs. J. C. Kelley. Mr. and Mrs. I. M.
Sloper. Mrs. E. Cook, M. D, Foster, Mrs. G. W.
Miller, Mrs. L. Lock, Frank Sloper, R. K. Jack
son, F. R. Rench, Mrs. Mabel Cooper, Mrs. Fan
nie Bucher-White, Mrs. M. J. Ewer, Mrs. L. &
Fails, Henry Steers, Mrs. Clara Mayo Steers,
Dr. Frazier, Mr. and Mrs. A. Welcome and Miss
Mary Lance.
LITTLE PETE'S DEFENSE.
He Denies That He Has Been Coining
Bad Money.
To tlie Editor of the San Francitco Call— Sib:
In the issue of the Chronicle of May 23 there
appeared an article one column in length
headed "Little Pete's Queer Halves." This
article is absolutely false from beginning to
end and does not contain a single statement
that bears even the slightest semblance of
truth. The only conclusion my friends and I
have been able to reach is that the article was
written by some newspaper reporter who was
grossly imposed on by my enemies.
Being a Chinaman I have absolutely no re
course. A retractiou of the article would not
repair the wrong that has been done, and a
libel suit against a powerful newspaper would
prove utterly useless; hence I appeal to your
Daper, which has always been fair and has
always given the use of its columns to people
who have been villified, to publish my side of
the story.
An examination of the article In question
would convince any reporter who has been en
gaged in reportorial work for the period of one
month or more that the statements contained
therein could have been verified by positive
proof, if there was any truth in them. In the
first place it is asserted in the article that the
Chinese actors who came to this country for
the purpose of exhibiting at the Atlanta Fair
were searched when ibey arrived at the port of
San Frnnclsco en route to Atlanta by the cus
toms officers and that belts containing silver
half-dollars were found on their persons, but
that no suspicion was aroused, as it was the
most natural thing in the world for the Chi
nese to change their Chinese money for Ameri
can money prior to leaving China. The Cni
nese referred to did not arrive at the port of
Son Franci>co en route to Atlanta, but on the
contrary came to this country via Vancouver
and went to Ogdensburg, N. V., by the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad and were permitted to
land there by the customs officers.
They did not see £an Francisco until after the
close of the Atlanta Fair, which was more than
four months after their original arrival at
Vancouver, and hence was not searched by the
customs officers in this City, nor did the cus
toms officers in this City find any belts on
their persons which were loaded with silver
half dollars.
. The reporter could have ascertained these
facts by an examination of the records of the
Custom House and the steamship company.
Furthermore, the reporter could have ascer
tained frum Secret Service Agent Harris, who
has exclusive control of the investigation of
charges of making or uttering counterfeit
money, that there was absolutely no evidence
against me, or any one connected with me, to
sustain the charges contained in the article,
and that in addition to this it had never been
intimated by any of the Federal officers that I
was even suspected of being Implicated in any
business of this character.
I called upon Secret Service Agent Harris
and demanded of him an inspection of the
complaint or charges which had been preferred
agbinst me, if any, or that he submit any evi
dence he might have against me to the Federal
Grana Jury, with which course I would be per
fectly satisfied, but he informed me. and au
thorized me to state, that he has absolutely no
evidence against me, and no person had 'pre
ferred any enarge* against me, or in any way
implicated me in the manufacture or uttering
of this fraudulent money.
I again beg of you to give space to this letter
in your paper, as it is unfair that the columns
of a great paper like the Cnronicle should
publish such a slanderous article against me
dimply because I am a Chinaman.
I venture to say thatlhe reporter who wrote
the article would not publish such a statement
against any white man in the City and County
of Sau Francisco without verifying the cor
rectness of his statement before publication.
Very respectfully yours, Fong Ching.
FIGHTERS IN HOT WATER.
The Supervisors Have Revoked
All Licenses for Boxing
Bouts.
Club Managers Contend the New Reso
lution Will Not Interfere With
Their Sport
The managers of the Shannon benefit
boxing exhibition and the National Ath
letic Club were dumbfounded yesterday
when information reached them that the
Supervisors at Monday's session revoked
all boxing licenses under order 1834,
which confers the power on the Mayor to
grant such licenses, and that in future per
mission for the holding of boxing enter
tainments must be obtained from tne
Supervisors and not from Mayor Sutro.
The lovers ol boxing were astonished
that the Supervisors should at thie late
hour conclude to regulate matters boxing
according to their own way of thinking,
which is quite frequently peculiar to the
majority of sporting men.
The manager of the People's Palace,
Cliff Phillips, said that the resolution
would in no wise interfere with his exhi
bition, which was booked to take place
to-morrow evening; but there are others
who, politically speaking, are in the same
swim that do not hesitate to say that Mr.
Phillips is laboring under a delusion, and
that tne contest will not be allowed to go
on according to Queensbury.
Phillips says t.iat as seven of the Super
visors have already signed Shannon's pe
tition for a license he cannot understand
how the entertainment can possibly be
interfered with because of a prohibitory
resolution just recently adopted.
The officers of tbe National Club are of
the opiuion that the taking away of the
Mayor's power to issue boxing licenses
will not affect tbe exhibitions now adver
tised to take place.
"You must remember," said one of the
leaders of the National Cub, "that we
have been under a very heavy expense,
which we certainly would not incur if the
Mayor had refused to give us permission
to bold a boxing exhibition iv June. lam
satisfied that the Supervisors when adopt
ing such a resolution as stated intended
that there shall be no further boxing exhi
bitions following the contests now sanc
tioned by the Mayor unless such licenses
for the holding of boxing exnibitions are
granted by the Board oi Supervisors."
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Two Branches of the Well-Known Order
Instituted.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 26.— A branch of
the League of tbe Cross ties been estab
lished in St. Patrick's Church in Wert
Oakland with thirty-six members enrolled.
The oflicers elected are: William Drake,
captain; William Flanagan, first lieuten
ant; James McQuaid, second lieutenant;
Henry Sheeban, treasurer. Father Mc-
Nally expects to increase the membership
to 300 within tbe next, two weeks.
A branch ot tbe same order has been es
tablished in the St. Francis de Sales
Church under the personal direction of
Rev. Thomas McSweeney. This evening
they held a reception and entertained the
company from St. Mary's Cathedral, San
Francisco. Tae latter made a tine appear
ance as they marched up the street headed
by their drum corps and with v beau'iful
silk American flag floating over them.
The League of the Cross is new on this
side of the bay, but promises to flourish
now that it has been established. The
members are all pledged to temperance
until 21 years of age, are uniformed and
drilled with saber. It is much ot the same
as the Boys' Brigade in Protestant
churches.
VICTORY FOR
COAST SHIPPERS
Now Possible to Extend
Trade Relations With
Utah.
FREIGHTS FOECED DOWN
Result of the Campaign Mapped
Out by Traffic Manager
Curtis. '
CAN COMPETE WITH THE EAST.
The New Rates Will Go Into Effect
on the 15th of Next
Month-
Through the joint c.Torts of W. B. Cur
tis, manager- of the Traffic Association,
and J. C. Stubbs, traffic manager, and C.
F. Smurr, general freight agent, of the
Southern Pacific Company, California has
has been piaced in a position to take a
great stride forward in her commercial re
lations with Utah and the intervening ter
ritory.
Until within a comparatively short time
for some unaccountable reason California
has been handicapped in her efforts to place
goods in the Utah market against com
petition from tbe East. This was dv« to
the discriminative rates forced upon the
Pacific Coast by the action of the roads
entering Utah from the East. They were
enabled to hold the West in thrall owing
to the fact that the Central Pacific Rail
road ran to Ogden and thence bad no dis
tributing facilities except ever the roads
entering Ogden and the surrounding ter
ritory from the East, and the local rates
out of Ogden were made virtually prohibi
tive to California freight as the Eastern
roads were desirous of securing the long
haul from tbe East into Utah and averse to
taking only tha short haul out of Ogden.
They were allowed to have their way un
til Traffic Manager Curtis of the Traffic
Association conceived a plan by which to
force the Eastern roads to do justice to
California. He ciaimea that California
shippers were entitled to the same rate
per ton per mile into Utah as was enjoyed
by the merchants of Chicago, but his de
mand made at a special meeting of the
trans- Missouri roads held at Salt Lake was
refused.
His efforts hare in all cases been warmly
seconded by the Southern Pacific people,
and when the Salt Lake meeting resulted
in temporary defeat the Southern Pacific
Company began to cut rates to such an
extent as to permit goods to be landed at
Ogden and to be distributed under tbe
heavy and unfair tax imposed by the local
rates out of Ogden at much less than the
rates in force from the East.
Last week there was another meeting of
the trans-Missouri lines at which this
matter was again discu«sed and the con
cessions asked for by California represen
tatives was there granted.
Traffic Manager Curtis thus outlines the
situation ana its significance to local job
bers, importers and manufacturers:
"When class rates from tbe Missouri
River to Utah were $2 50 for first class,
|2 15 for second, $1 75 for third, $1 45
fourth. $1 25 fifth, $1 10 for class A, 92c
for class B, 82c for class C. 72c for class D
and 62c for cla*s E, rates from San Fran
cisco to Utah were Bo}< per cent of trie
same, as follows: First class $2 14, sec
ond class $1 84, third class $1 50, fourth
class $1 24, fifth class $1 07, class A 94c,
class B 79c, class C 70c, class D 62c and
claas E 53c.
"These rates were so made upon agree
ment between the lines operating west of
the Missouri itiver and the Southern Pa
cific Company, operating between San
Francisco ana Utah. The lines leading
west from the Missouri River later arbi
trarily reduced their rates without giving
the Southern Pacific Company due notifi
cation, to the following figures: First
cia:«s $1 65, second class $1 55, third class
$1 55, fourth class $1 33. fifth class $1 13,
class A $1 03, class B 83c, class C 75c,
class D 65c, class E 57c.
"The Pacific Coast had long felt that
this adjustment of rates into Utah was
not one calculated to stimulate trade from
here. In fact tbe increased number of
lines entering Utah from the cast and the
disposition of those lines to hold hard and
fust to all possible business, irrespective
of our rights, served to well nigh strangle
the last vestige of Pacific Coast trade in
Utah.
"The arbitrary action of the lines lead
ing west from the Missouri River in re
ducing their rates to the figures named
served to open negotiations looking to a
better basis for rates from the West as
compared from the East to Utah.
"In my opinion the consistent basis
would have been that San Francisco rates
should be 70 per cent of the Missouri
River rates to Utah.
"At the time tbe Eastern lines put in
the $1 65 scale all rates from San Fran
cisco to Utah common points were virtu
ally nullified in that the original basis
had been abolished, and the Eastern lines
refused to agree for the time being upon
what we considered a proper basis.
"At the recent meeting at Denver on
the 21st and 22d irst. tlie matter was
fully canvassed by the Trons- Missouri As
sociation, every line interested being rep
resented. At this meeting a new agree
ment was entered into by the lines inter
ested in Utah traffic by which the rates
from San Francisco to Utah should be 75
per cent of any rate made from the Mis
souri River to Utah, and it was also agreed
that the rates from Missouri River to
Utah should be advanced to the following
figures: First class $2 30, second cla>s $2,
third class $1 70, fourth class $1 43, fifth
class $1 18, class Asl 08, class B 93 cents,
ciass C 85 cents, class D 70 cents, class E
62 cents.
"Seventy-five per cent of these figures
makes the rates from San Francisco to
Utah as follows: First class $1 73, second
ciass $1 50, third class $1 28, fourth class
$1 C 7, fifth class 89 cents, class A 81 cents,
class B 70 cents, class C 64 cents, class D 53
cents, class X 47 cents."
The new rates wilJ apply from Ban Fran
cisco^ to Ogden, Provo, Spnngville, Spau
ish Fork and points intermediate thereto,
and also as far north as Pocateilo, Idaho,
and will also apply to all intermediate
points on the Southern Pacific road, San
Framisco to O^den as a maximum. This
application of the new figures will reduce
rates from San Francisco to White Plains,
Nev., and east. To White Piains, for in
stance, the present rate of $2 on first-class
freight will be reduced to $1 73, and the
rate of 53 cents on class E freight will be
reduced to 47 cents.
Commodity rates will be reduced on the
same basis, and westbound business from
Utah 10 California will also benefit by -.he
new arrangement, as it will be charged
only 75 per cent of the rate eastbound
from Utah to the Missouri River. The
same rates will also apply between Port
land and Utah.
Heretofore San Francisco has not done
to exceed 25 per cent of the business into
Utah, and under the advantages of the
new rates it is said she should do not less
than 50 per cent of it, m she is now in bet
ter condition than she ever was to com
pete for this business against Chicago,
Omaha, St. Louis and New York.
The new rates go into effect on the 15th
of June.
In order to more clearly show the bene
fit to California under the new deal, atten
tion is called to the fact that while under
the old arrangement there was but 36
cents per 100 pounds difference in the first
class rates to Utah from San Francisco
and from the Missouri River in favor of
San Francisco, that difference is now 57
cents and with lower rates prevailing now
than before. On class E the difference was
9 cents. It is now 15 cents, and on the
other classes the differences are in due
proportion.
MILLS COLLEGE:
Graduation Exercises Presented at That
Popular Center of Learning,
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 26.— The gradu
ates of the grammar department at Mills
College presented their graduating exer
cises last night. A very neat printed pro
eramme, adorned with a cluster of golden
poppies, announced the numbers, wnich
consisted of essays, recitations, a Japanese
movement exercise with fans, with a plen
tiful amount of music, both vocal and in
strumental. Of the latter two of the num
bers were for the piano and two for tbe
violin, and all were good. The names of
the graduates and their parts on the pro
gramme were as follows:
Evangeline Switzer, piano solo ; Mabel Gunn,
violin solo; Addie Taylor, recitation; Grace
Oliver, vocal solo; Ethel Weatlake, recitation;
Elna Miller, violin solo; Elizabeth Kimball,
essay: Linda Swanberg, Frencn essay; Kath
eryn Pinkham, vocal solo; Marguerite Miller,
essay ; Amelia Hall, piano solo; Mattie Kirby,
recitation.
The platform was prettily trimmed, and
the class motto, "Do ye nexte thynge,"
was wrougnt in flowers.
At the close of the exercises Miss Wit
tenmyer, the teacher of the grammar class,
spoke a tew words concerning the impor
tance of tbe grammar course as laying a
solid foundation for future study. These
young ladies are now fitted to enter
either the college preparatory or the semi
nary course at Mills, or if they go else
where they are ready for any high school
or normal" school. Several of tt.em have
already taken some study in advance of
their course, and a proper tribute was paid
to their other teachers. The twelve gradu
ates were then formaliy presented to Mrs.
Mills, the president of the college, who
welcomed them with words of apprecia
tion and advice and granted to each a
diploma.
Dr. Hallock, late of Tacoma, followed
with a short address, congratulating them
on the completion of this stage of their
education and pointing them onward to
greater heights. After the forma! exer
cises refreshments were served, and the
pleasant occasion which inaugurated a new
custom in seminary life came to an end.
The seminary and college commence
ment exercises will be held Wednesday
afternoon. On that occasion Signor Foil,
a noted bass singer from London, who is
visiting in California, will be present and
will sing, Professor Lisser accompanying
him on the piano.
The prospect for the coming year of the
school is good, more applications than
usual having been received from prospec
tive students.
A Social Surprise.
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 26.— Berkeley
society was given a surprise this afternoon
by the unexpected wedding at Miss Head's
school of Fred W. Scares, TJ. C, '95, and
Miss Mabel Urmy, a prominent Berkeley
society belle and a daughter of Rev. Mr".
Urmy of San Jose. Only a few of the
most intimate friends of the contracting
parties were present, and to every one ex
cept them it was a secret.
Charles Bentley served as best man and
Miss Edith Bridges as bridesmaid. The
presents received were numerous and ele
gant. Scares is an assistant in the astro
nomical department of the State Uni
versity. The newly married couple wfll
make their future home in North Berke
ley. •
CHINESE-MADE CIGARS,
The Local White Union Has
Locked Horns With Jacob
Brandt.
Culp's California-Grown Leaf Tobacco
Made Up by a Crew of
Mongolians.
The white nnion cigar-makers of this
City are at present at loggerheads with
Jacob Brandt, who conducts a cigar fac
tory at 411 Battery street. Mr. Brandt has
undertaken to manufacture and introduce
Culp's California natural leaf tobacco,
grown at San Felipe, near Los Gatos. It
was not long before the white cigar
makers discovered that the new cicars
were being made by Chinese. This they
regarded as unfair, particularly as dozens
of competent white cigar-makers were,
and are still, idle.
A committee from Cigar-makers' Union
No. 228 called upon Mr. Brandt with a
view of unionizing his factory and getting
him to employ white men to roll California
tobacco into cigars.
The committee reported to the union
the result of the interview, whereupon the
secretary was instructed to write to Mr.
Brandt a letter setting forth the following
»entiments. That his answers were not
sufficiently definite, positive or satisfac
tory. The union desires to encourage the
production of California leaf tobacco and
the manufacture of cigars therefrom, but
it is the white man and not the Chinese
who is the consumer, and it should be the
white man and not the Chinese who should
make these cigars. Inquiries had been
received as to the character of the help
employed in Mr. Brandt's factory, but the
union had refrained from giving out in
formation hoping that the factory would
become a union factory.
Unless a satisfactory answer was given
as to the class of cigar-makers Mr. Brandt
intended to employ the union would be
compelled to inform the public that Mr.
Culp's California-grown tobacco is handled
by Chinese. There was no intention of in
terfering with any man's business, but it
was the duty of the union to prevent Chi
nese absorbing and controlling what should
prove a great industry in the future, be
sides protecting white labor.
Tnis letter did not have the desired ef
fect, because, as stated, Mr. Brandt con
tinues to have the only California tobacco
made into cigars by Chinese laborers. Last
light the Cigar-makers' Union held a
special meeting, and a com lm it tee of ten
was appointed to attend to the matter of
BrandYs Chinese. After a little delibera
tion the following otticial manifesto was
issued by the committee:
To the public in general and the smokers in
particular we issue this appeal on behalf of
the cigar'makers of the Pacific Coast. We de
sire to submit the following facts, which have
occurred in the course ot our negotiations
with Jacob Brandt. In the early part of Ajwll
ft committee called on Mr. Brandt, at his re
quest, to endeavor to have him manufacture
California tobacco into cigars by white men.
Jacob Brandt expressed himself very favorable
at that time and gave us every assurance that
he would employ none but international union
cigar-makers to make California-grown to
bacco into cigars. But Mr. Brandt's statement
was very Indefinite as to time, which might
mean months or a year.
In reply to the report of the committee the
uuion sent a communication, of which the fol
lowing is a copy (referred to in the foregoing),
which excited the ire of Mr. Brandt.
Now Mr. Brandt will not run a uuion factory
nor will he employ members of the Cigar
makers' Union, nor will he pay the biK of
prices, advocated by the Cigar-makers' Union
Jso. 228. He declared that he will manufac
ture California-grown tobacco into cigars by
Chinese labor.
The cigar-makers issue this appeal to the
prib lie with the hope and expectation that the
public will give him the rebuke which he so
richly deserves, until such time as Mr. Brandt
will employ white, fair-paid labor.
T. F. Burns, Chairman.
HAVE LEFT THE
GUARD LODGE,
Culmination of the Diffi
culties Among the
Foresters.
SATELLITE CIRCLE LEADS
Seceders From the Ukiah Con
vention Being Generally
Sustained.
A NEW ORDER MAT BE FORMED
Companions of the Forest Will No
Longer Submit to Falconer's .
" Despotism."
Tbe disaffection that has been brewing
in the rants of the Companions of the
Forest, the causes of which have already
been discussed at length in The Call,
found expression last night in the action
of Satellite Circle in support of the twen
ty-nine delegates who seceded from the
convention at Ukiah.
Not only was the course of the seced'ng
delegates commended, but the circle, dis
gusted with the actions of what is known
as the Falconer faction, voted to surrender
their charter and withdraw their funds
from the Grand Lodge.
Last night's meeting was spirited
throughout, and the communications
from the Grand Lodge were disdainfully
tossed into the waste-basket.
As to the future course of the lodge noth
ing definite was finally decided upon, but
in all probability a new order will be or
ganized. In this they will follow thei
precedent established last year by Alca
traz Lodge, which withdrew in a bddy,
some 200 strong, and established a new
order.
The cause of the trouble, as staled be
fore, was the alleged autocratic behavior
of Secretary Falconer, whose actions at
length, so the seceders say, became unen
durable. Falconer holds the permanent
position of grand secretary, and it is snid
aspires not only to fill this office but to
exercise a general management of the
order. An effort lately made to make this
office elective obtained a majority vote,
but not the necessary three-fourths vote.
Many reports are being circulated of
something even worse than despotism on
the part of Falconer. One of the dele
gates, it is said, who opposed Falconer
was approached by the secretary on the
train and told that if she would write an
apology to him he would not report her
or fine her, as he intended doing with the
seceders. Wishing to avoid notoriety, the
lady agreed to do this, but Falconer there
upon, instead of Keeping his oromise, not
only fined and reported the lady, but
made public her apology as well.
The action of the twenty-nine delegates
in withdrawing from the convention is
generally upheld by the circles they repre
sented, ana some of the other circles,
whose delegates supported the Falconer
faction, have determined nevertheless to
support the bolters. An agitation is al
ready being carried on to exclude men
from the order of tlie Companions of the
Forest, and in this way they hope to
finally rid themselves of the "little czar,"
as they derisively term Falconer.
Among the seceding members are five
officers of the Grand Lod^e — Treasurer
Boehm, Sub-Chief McLane, Inner Guard
Boyd, Left Guide Humbert and Herald
Macrett. Besides these officers the repre
sentatives of the following circles will
doubtless be upheld in tbeir action in
leaving the convention: Satellite, Social,
Bohemian, Twin Peaks, Oak Grove and
Mizpah circles of San Francisco; Pied
mont and Pride of the Forest and Enter
prise circle, of Oakland, Queen of the Red
woods Circle of Ukiah, Valley Circle of
Stockton, Garden City Circle of San Jose,
Ramona Circle of San Diego and Sunshine
Circle of Merced.
Improvements Are Asked.
The Board of Supervisors received a com
munication signed by several hundred
property-owners ie the neighborhood of Buena
Vista Park-yesterday asking that in the next
tax lew $75,000 be provided for the improve
ment of the public pleasure ground. The peti
tioners stated that under present circum
stances the park is useless except as a refuge
for tramps.
/ KEW TO-PAT.
* THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
The Owl Day and night we sell Dru«
1 lie VJW I an< i Medicines at lower prices
Hr»r»r c than an establishment on the
IIUUtS pacific Coast.
For AH.
SO! Per In our Prescription Depart-
*'" rcr ment above j£ st yeftr g a
Cent. record we all are proud of,
. . *" ; , more so for the reason that
mCrefl^P J be Percentage doctors still
a case keep pounding away at us
The more they talk against ns
; the' larger  bur prescription
. , business grows. ... "We divy
with the public"; other drug-'
gists divide : with the percent-
age physician." ■
Baker's Cures all Blood and
_ DdKCT & Skin Diseases. . 75c a
Honduras : boule ; 3botties,s2.
Sarsaparilla
Baker's Inc l u , dinK Atomizer and a
*;", f month's treatment. Price, $1 50.
Catarrh
Cure
1128 IVXarltet St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
1-exxtlx «fc Xaro^ciwcy,
' - OAKLAND.
I^^SSHOiRSTOREDSv^r.
, Jp'P rroiJTE strengthens and restores small weak organs. •*"*"*«"««•■ - ■
Addre«a DATOX. MEDIC INK CO.. 1170 Market street, San Franclaco. Cat For sal. by
HEW ' TO'PAY: •
That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
' is almost instantly dispelled
by a swallow of Vino-Kokf ra,
the African Tonic made from
SterculiaNuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria and
V nervousness.
Vino'Kolaffi
annihilates fatigue, gives
strength and tone to the body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the
endorsers of Vino-Kolafra
will convince you that it is a
product of unusual impor-
tance.
Sold by Druggists Generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
93 William St., New Yorfc
IV" 3 * YOU WANT TO
|H - ENJOY YOUR
SUMMER OUTING
DON'T FAIL TO GET
A HAMMOCK
OR A
CROQUET SET!
Mexican Hammock, strong rope
edge, plain or colored, full size,
:eoo
Cotton Wave Hammock, with
spreader and pillow 61.30
Finer grades, $2 5O to $5. -
Croquet Sets, 4- balls 700
Croquet Sets, 6 ba115......... 850
Croquet Sets, 8 balls ...$1.25
RAZORS AND SHKARS GROUND BT
SKILLED MECHANICS.
A SPECIALTY.
BJB-BZO MARKET ST
DOCTOR SWEANY,
' ''' '\ f ' ,
■ He Is acknowledged to be the most success-
ful Specialist of the ape in the treatment of
all Nervous. Chronic and Private diseases of
both sexes. Lost Manhood. Nervous J>e'>i:i'-.-
Night Emissions, Exhausting Drains, Impi>
tency and all sexual weaknesses an 1 disorders
of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN a
life-long study and practice. Special atten-
tion given to diseases. of the Eye, Ear. Head
Heart, Throat, Stomach. Liver and Bowels-
Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs. Prompt
and perfect cures guaranteed. The worthy
poor of the city are welcome to hi-, best pro-
fessional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Hours:
9t012A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sun-
days 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address ,:~ •
F L SWF ANY Mfl 737 *•**«*%*
I . L. OHLWII, HI. U., san Francisco, Cai.
UPOTAIJR, /^X
Chinese Tea and ' Herb L*= j
Sanitoriura, SMiMf
No. 727 Washington St, \~ 1
Sin Francisco, Oal. " A*** »
Cor. Brenhiwn Pirns* aborc fcSt-» A
U>«pl*z*. JBr ./'W
Office Hoifrs: 9to 13, --**!» /jfi^^S
1 to 4 and 5 to 1. Sun- *^J£* r
day, 9A. H. to 12 M. ' ■' •
la Po Tal Jr.. son of the famoui 14 Pi
Tal, has taken al« father's business
and Is. after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to looat* »ud
treat all diseases.
Egl Oklekeater'a EasUsk Diamond Brand.
fINHYROYALPILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
w /—^^"V Original »wd Only Ccnutae. ■•■ A '
'/" At fK?\ »»'C slwars ri-liaM-. uoiia ut A\
" /sLjVfc3vMl. I>rni;fria forfAi ■*«««•• MM Ci*ift\.
tf^^m^jftai^mmd Brand in Krd »n<l fold oi<-i«-;ioVVIIr
, "t^ OB*J>>«e«. M»i<Kl with bin- ribbon. Take \$F
' j3R 4^ V&J Bi>o JRrfiM dangerous tubu iff V
I / ~ ftp Horn and imitation: At DruKgistt, arMtnd4« t
I "2" •' Jg is etuapf for particulars, totlaenU!* >o4
VV* B "Relief IWr I.ailira," in letw, br ret Bra
„ ,/r—~.r Cklohe»t«r Chemical Co.,il«dUon Ho ■«! a!
Ml<t to «U LooM Drngsisu. Rhil^S'pg
ELIXIR IFVrIU fffl
The pur» essential extract from the native drag. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Onitim
wltnout !t» noxious elements. No sickness cf *tonLu h-
no Tomlt Jig ; no costiveness ; no headache. All Drugßlsts.VUG WILL
OBEY THE LAW,
Some Modification of the
Old Transfer System
Probable.
NOVEL TRANSFER CARD.
It Is One of the Numerous Sug
gestions Offered to the
Company.
PASSENGERS TO BE IDENTIFIE]
Not in Favor With the Railway
Management Owing to the
Punching Necessary.
General Manager Vining of the Market
street Railway Company declares that as
soon as the order relating to transfers is
finally Dassed by the Supervisors the com
pany stands ready to obey it. He added
that some modification of the old system
would probably be adopted, but just what
he was not prepared to say.
E.v.er since the transfer complications
have attracted public attention Mr. Vining
has been in receipt of suggestions from
people not only in this City but from those
in the larger cities of the country in refer
ence to solving the problem of preventing
the traffic in transfers.
Among these is a clever adaptation of a
patented device used by the Rochester
Railway Company of Rochester, N. Y.
This, in addition to having the time and
line transferred to punched into it, has a
group of seven miniature faces printed on
it, rive of men and two of women, one of
which is punched to identify the passen
ger. The portraits of the men show a
olean-shaved face, one with a mustache,
another with side whiskers, one with chin
beard and one with a full beard. The por
traits of the women are supposed to rep
resent one a blonde and the other a bru
nette.
Underneath these faces appear the fig
ures "40," flanked with a sign of addition
on each side.
The idea is to punch the face nearest
like ihe. passenger to whom the transfer
JAN. 13
12 15 .MO 45^|l^?lSF&SMRy
jjl3:3s?*si|ggfg ,N, N w
,g:i3:3P i 4s,HJggr- : -
OUT
4h5'!3a;45
5; 15' 30 451 il & -??
1 * fc i ao «^
<»i 15i.j«|45| Ills*
HAI €H1
STR EET
WE ST
7 j 15. 30) 45
8 i 15| 30J 45
t9t 9 [15|30 45
lOj 30 45
11|15|«0|45
12j15|30|45,
**S EL
ESs; s*
273 P
TU XX
STR (IT
FIFTH Ot
POW ELL
HI 15 ad
CEA Rl
STR LET
a.
TMAOE MARK.
is issued and to record his approximate
age by punching to the left if he appears
under 40 years of age and to the right if
over that age.
The time limit on the sample transfer
submitted is fifteen minutes, but this can
be increased or reduced at the option of
the issuing company.
By this method it is claimed that the
traffic in transfers will be made virtually
impossible, as it is not likely that within
the Ume limit set a man resembling the
one to wnem the transfer is issued will
turn up as a purchaser of a newspaper
with a transfer premium.
Mr. Vining, speaking of the numerous
suggestions made to him, said that not
one of them was available under the cir
cumstances that existed at Powell and
Market. He explained that every second
of the conductor's time was fully occu
pied from the moment his car stopped at
that point until it again started. The
conductor had to punch his checks and
pass them around to the passengers, then
he had to assist in working the turntable
and to collect the fares before the car
started, and all this, he added, bad to be
done often within a minute and a half.
He explained further that under the
check-transfer system a whole bunch of
checks could be punched at one time by
the conductor, wnile if the identification
transfer were ussd the conductor would
have to make four separate punches for
each passenger, which would require more
time than Be ever had, and would be a
physical impossibility, when, as was often
the case, the car contained between sixty
and seventy passengers.
"Why could not these transfers be given
to each passenger as he paid his fare?"
was askea.
•'Well," replied Mr. Vining, "we do that
on some of our cars and it has caused
complaint."
THEY ARE SATISFIED.
The Newsboys Care Little Whether
Or Not the Check System
Is Stopped.
Little Eddie Greaney, the newsboy,
more familiarly known as "Brick," has
Tery set idea* regarding the streetcar
check and transfer system.
He bas devoted much time to thinking
about it —in fact bis fellow-newseya
around Powell and Market streets ascribe
the solar hue cf his locks to the great
amount of thought he has given in the
premises.
"Dat man Vinin' is a dead wise guy,' :
he assured a Call reporter last evening.
"He won't do a t'inp to der public now
dat de Sup's has gone and dabbed 'im on
der transfer system.
"You know what he has the gall to
pay ? ' And the little solon of Cape Horn
overlooked asking a passenger for bis
transfer check as be drew himself up aud
demanded an answer.
"He says he's been makin' |75 a day wit
de check system, showin' dat we kids use
to do 'im to dat amount every day when
der was only transfers for us to work.
"He's dead off. We's been makin' just
as mucn as we ever did, and we don't care
if dey change der system or if dey don't
"Deonly ting aat eats us is dat Vinin'
is doin' der public and der public is our
friends.
"Dat $75 he's a been makin' is from aer
guys who wouldn't get out an' scrap; der
geesers what paid two fares when 'giti
Hie Tragedy of a Warm Day as Enacted in the Mind of an Artist Who Had to Run for His Car.
metly Vinin' only was 'titled to one.
Bee ?'*' •
The sentiments of the little man were
heartily indorsed by the Arabs about him.
It was the consensus of opinion that if
every passenger, who, through mistake or
otherwise, held a check instead of a trans
fer, fought for his rights and battled to
remain on the car without submitting to a
second payment of fare, Manager Vining's
receipts would not be $75 greater than they
used to be.
But following up his original line of
thought "Brick" summarized the situation
in his own terse way:
"Vinin' wasn't a rightin' us, he knows
better dan dat. We're too powerful an' he
ain't in our class. We did 'im before an'
we did him after der check system an'
we'll do 'im again. Der is one t'iug we're
'fraid of, an' dats he might quit der trans
fer business and trow der public aud de
kids down at der same time.
"I'm no lawyer an' I don't know if he
kin do dat 'gitimetlr ; but if he does we'll
skate around an* sell papers just like we
use ter do an' I guess we 11 be able to eat
breakfast aa oiteh as he does an 1 enjoy it
just as well."
The youngsters were quite put out that
ihere were no riots on the street. Crowds
scuffling, cheering and hooting had be
come daily and nightly picnics for them.
The weather was so warm yesterday that
people were too enervated to battle for
their rights and they suffered imposition
when a second fare was demanded rather
than resist expulsion from the cars.
The Dimond ordinance, which does
away with the check agents and virtually
restores the transfer system to its old
standing, will come up for final passage
before she Supervisors next Monday, and
then must be signed by the Mayor. As
acting Ma3'or Taylor has already voted in
favor of the ordinance it is quite likely he
will sign the ordinance as soon as passed,
and Third, Powell and Tenth streets, on
Tuesday next, will be unadorned by the
uniformed watchdogs of Manager Vining.
♦
THE POLICE CAUTIONED.
Chief Crowley Says They Must Not
Lend Their Aid In Ejecting Pas
sengers From Cars.
The action of the four policemen in con
nection with the attempt of a conductor
and gripman of a Castro-street car to eject
Fred Wagner, contractor, at Sixth and
Market streets, Monday evening, has called
forth the following notification from Chief
Crowley :
Office of the Chief of Poi.icf, t
Bw Francisco. May StS. 189 G. (
Lieutenant Birdsall: Tfie Chief of Police
din-eta that the following be published to the
oilicers under your command:
It is no part oi the duty of an officer to col
lect fares or to aid in collecting fares on street
cars or elsewhere, nor to eject passengers nor
to aid in ejecting passengers from the cars of
the railroad company for npn-payment of fare.
It is the duty of the officers at all times to pre
serve the public peace and see that no injury
is done to persons or property in their pres
ence.
In case the cars are blockaded or the free
passage of the street or sidewalk shall be ob
structed by a crowd (except on the occasion of
a public meeting) the officers shall disperse or
keep them moving. See subdivision 6, section
26, order 1587. H. 8. Hsaly, Clerk.
Similar notifications were sent to the
captains of the other divisions.
It is not unlikely that the aggressive
conduct of Policeman O'Day in forcibly
throwing passengers off the rear platform
of the Castro-street car will form a matter
for investigation by the Board of Police
Commissioners.
Wagner appeared in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning to answer the
charge of battpry preferred against him
by Conductor W. H. Brewster. By con
sent the hearing of the case was fixed for
Friday next^
BIDS FOR THE ROOF.
City Ball Commissioners Open Tenders
for Work on th« Municipal
Building.
The City Hall Commissioners opened
bids for the construction of a new roof for
the municipal building, for completing the
dome and for the construction of an elec
tric elevator in one of the wings yesterday.
The first bids opened were those on con
tract 83 for the construction of the roof.
They were as follows: Thomas Butler,
$224,450; James J. O'Brien, $197,079; Ban
Francisco Bridge Company, $187,900; Rea
Building and Construction Company, $206
-990; M. McGo wan, $209,000; J. H. McKay,
$198,220.
The bids on contract 84 for the steel, iron,
concrete, electric wiring and plastering
work in the dome were as follows: Labey
<fe Co., $98,200; J. H. McKay, $113,240;
Wefetern Iron Works, $91,302: San Fran
cisco Novelty and Plating Works, $89,
-691 46; M. C. Lynch, $91,9U0.
The following bids were received on con
tract 85, for the marble and tile work in
the dome: Inyo Company, $8208 67; Cali
fornia Travertine Company, $16,584- \V.
H. McCormick, $23,862 15; A. Paltenghi,
$13,633.
The bids on contract No. 86, for work in
the northeast wing, including the electric
elevator, were as follows: Cahill & Hall
Elevator Com pany t $3675; W. H. HoJman,
$4350.
The bids on contract No. 87, for work in
the attic, rotunda and dome, including all
plumbing and gasfittincr, were: J. J. Mo
Gowan, $1885; 8. Eischelheimer. $2560;
John P. Culley, $1950; R. Rice. $3355; P.
F. Ward, $2800, and H. Williamson, $2224.
The bidders for the art plass work in the
dome were: Pacific American Decorating
Company, Thomas E. Butterworth, Cali
fornia Art Glass Bending Works and F. N.
Woods & Co.
They submitted various designs, with
bids for each, and the entire matter was
sent to print, and will be acted on at the
next meeting.
In Great Britain the yearly loss in wages
through ill health is £11,000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
THE HOTTEST DAY
OF THE YEAR.
And How It Changed the
Ordinary Course of
Trade.
WAS MADE A HOLIDAY.
Sent the People in Search of
Sea Breezes and Shady
Nooks.
IT WILL BE COOLER TO-DAY-
The Weather Prophet Promises Lower
Temperature With a Possible
Fog.
The "steamer" bad along, sizzing sound
yesterday. The steamer has certain no*
table qualities at all times. Yesterday its I
jagged edges rose up in the heated atmos
phere very like a rugged giant in the land,
and men took off their hats to it with a
new reverence. They realized as they had
never before done, what a thing had been
accomplished when California evolved the
steam beer.
Yesterday was a very warm day. Warm
days are uncommon in San Francisco, as
has often been said, and when they take
their lonely place in the calendar, unex
pected as they are, they present curious
studies in temperature— the effect of beat
upon men in the mass; how a few degrees
Fahrenheit, more or less, will divest a city
full of people from their accustomed ways
of living.
For instance, the ordinary complexion
of Kearny and Montgomery, and the other
of the busy streets running north and
south, was completely changed by the
slant rays of the afternoon sun. The east
side looked like the chosen path of desola
tion. Scarcely an individual was to be
eeen along its whole length. The blinds
were drawn over the windows and the face
of the buildings glared in the sun blank
and deserted.
Just across the street in the shade, a
difference, say of fifty feet, there was a
contrast presented that, if it continued
the year around, would run up the price of
property over there enormously. The
sidewalk was crowded with people taking
life as leisurely as they could and patron
izing certain lines of trade — the long,
jagged, aizzing "steamer," for instance
in an astonishing fashion.
People are very busy, or «ay they are,
and yet it is remarkable how a little
ascent of 4he mercury in the tube will
bring about a holiday— will practically I
suspend the course of trade. Things that
*were so important that they must be done I
instanter take on a|vague uncertain aspect
and are finally postponed until to-morrow.
The whole City turned its attention yes
terday to getting on the shady side of the
street, so to speak. All business but that
which offered relief trom the heat lan
guisbed like the people. The ferry-boats
were thronged with people all day, a very
great number of whom patronized them
for the fresh air and shelter from the sun
they offered. Crowds of people rode back
and forth between this City. Oakland,
Tiburon and Sausalito without leaving the
boat except to secure and surrender their
tickets.
With East street almost deserted the
ends of the projecting piers were crowded
with people getting as far out in the water
as possible. Streetcars did an immense
business and the Cliff House and other re
sorts were proportionately alive.
And yet it was not hot yesterday as heat
or hot days are reckoned. The highest
mark of the mercury was 91 degrees. At
Fresno it rose to 102. At Los Angeles it
stood at 96 for a time. At Yuma it
climbed to 110.
The forecast artist promises cooler
weather to-day in this City.
AGAINST THE CHARTER.
A Warm but Thinly Attended
Meeting of the Women's
League.
It was a hot night Monday night for the
American Women's Liberal Leacue, and
San Francisco, unused to the slumberous
warmth, preferred to walk in sight of the
blinking stars rather than remain indoors
and perspire.
This was doubtless the reason why not
more than 300 persons gathered within the
classic walla of Metropolitan Temple to
bear arguments why the proposed new
City charter should not be adopted. Seven
eighths of the people present were women,
and they seemed to be disappointed be-
I cause no women appeared on tte stage
and because the oppressiveness of the
evening was not relieved by refreshing airs
or the soul-stirring accents of dramatic
declamation.
Shortly after S o'clock Dr. J. E. Scott
and John M. Reynolds appeared upon the
platform. The doctor, very red in the
face and mopping his brow with a damp
handkerchief, remarked, facetiously, that
it was warm. This happy effort having
been rewarded with a general smile, the
doctor, with another dab at his forehead,
remarked that it was "warmer and warm
est," which caused two or three women in
the front row to titter. Then the doctor,
between wipes, explained that the meet
ing bad been called for the purpose of
showing that the proposed charter should
not be adopted.
John M. Reynoldj, a widely known
writer on politico-economical subjects, I
, was introduced, and #cad a well-digested I
! and thoughtful essay on the charter. He
declared that the 100 reasons advanced by j
Secretary Freud of the Mesc bants' Asso- ■
ciation why the proposed charter should
become the law of this municipality were
j just 100 insults directed at the intelligence
I of the people.
The charter, he declared, had been
j framed in the interest of the monopolies
1 and the corporations, and it placed serious
| stumbling-blocks in the way of the mv-
I nicipal ownership of the water supply,
! lights and so forth. It placed no safe
guards around the municipality that did
not already exist in the constitution and
the laws of the State, and it was a sham
and a fraud.
At the close of the lecture Dr. Scott an
nounced that a young woman who bad
been waiting in one of the back rooms for
the summons to appear upon the stage
and sing the "Star-spangled Banner" had
melted away, and that a gentleman who
was to have made a speech on the charter
had melted into thin air also.
Then the audience got up and melted
out of the doors.
Dinner to President Barillas.
Captain Johnson of the steamer City of Syd
ney and Mrs. Johnson gave an elaborate din
ner yesterday to ex-President Barillas and
Mrs. Barillas of Guatemala at the Baldwin
Hotel. About twenty invited guests were pres
ent. The banquet took place in the banquet
hall. The decorations were uf smilax and La
France rotea. Ex-President Barillas made a
brief and eloquent address reviewing his
pleasure at visiting Sau Francisco.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTKL.
R N Batchelder. DC C W Davis, Waahiugton
L X Payson, Washington W T Hughes & son, Colo
X J Nollue, eacrameuto C H Leadbetter Jr. Cal
S Mramberg.N V A C Uamilton, Gold Hill
?^3: low . Sydney ASpencentw.Qneenslaud
JTMcCall. lowa HA Sterne, Sydney
Ci R Smith, NY J M Smith, NY
J M Harris, Saudow Mr Mrs Clt Cleveland
MUs A S Cleveland. Ohio Los Angeles
W 1> Benson, Philadlpha Mis i B Benson, Pa
JII llarny, San Jose F H Buck <fe w, Vacavllle
R X Hheltoa. Arlx T A Koch, Orange
D W luamiir, C 8 N J W Hall, NY
J H Ammoo, NY A Hay, Los Angeles
AHSchomburgh.Leipslc Mrs XI Wagner. D C
Dr H L Wagner, DC Ira C Boss, Sonoma
Fv A Jr raw '£ T WIN ' p * Mr & Mrs Raphael,
J N Burk, San Jose London napnaei,
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Hoff, Redding Mti C W Alexander, Ark
H A McUaney, Sacto D L Evans, Los Angeles
H Thorp, Sacto G M Foote, Hoi lister
W A BrlgßS, Hacto Geo a Smith. Courtland
Mrs A E Bmith, Salinas E W Sparrow Mich
G W Morgan, Duncans M Mrs Goo E Ka'nney Mich
Mrs J W Horton. Ctlnd Dr 8 c HcnwarrTsan Jo«e
D Hollister, CounUnd L H Frankenhelmer, Stkn
J A Haskell.Cal F E Wadsworth.Yreka
T H Vlnlng, Cal J A Cooper. Uklah
W W Thatcher.Hopland W T Snvdrr Bta Rosa
T T Flynn, Cal O W Rite, Chicago
W E Dargte, Oakland Mrs W A Nlmocks, Chg
E A Casman, Cal Mrs W W Schultt ChJo
L Miller, Stockton • J B Peabody* mj o
Mrs Millar, Stockton «WKummerAwf Seattle
Master Miller, Stockton W J Wmonton *wf N V
R J Jones, Napa Sol Runyon. Couriland
Mrs Jones, Napa T Robinson, Portland
Krunk Jones, Napa R J Billion, Si John
Miss Adams, Fresno H N Walker. Willows
Mrs Adams, Fresno J N Wilson, Saoto
M A Flagstaff <fe fm.Mass J McCormlck Reddlns
F B Lexos, N V Mrs F C Kendall, ill
A II Hart. N V Mrs 8 A Ivett, Pa Grove
G W Locke, Sacto F F Blriem & wf, San Q
Mrs Locke, Sacto Miss I Mottoly, Sacto
I-ICK HOUSE.
S Carle, Sacramento J Jacobin, St Louis
8 S Bodger, Chicago X Matthews, Chicago
A Smith, Omaha L L Koninson Placervl*
C X Cotton, Chicago V Bonner, New York
E J Cotton, Chicago C bawu-U, Ueaidabnnr
S Wormser, Klngsburg W H Carlln, Marvsvlila
Mrs W Powell, Elmlra A A Brunner Chlco
A E Whitaker, Ind B H Upham. Martin**
Mrs A J Whitaker, Ind La Sage, Congress hoes
Ada Whitney. 11l Jane Ayers, uf Pg
Airs J E Power, 111 H F Lyon, Palo Alto
Jane Power, 111 Dr F W Hatch. Acnews
C Power, 111 W G Ross, Vlsalia
J Power, 111 A James <S wf Chlcairo
J Chamberlain, 111 1' X Bishop Md
U X Taylor, Chicago P Jamison. Davlsville
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J A Moor?, Wyoming Mrs Rogers &f, Stockton
JII Grisly, Portland, Or J X Connolly. Olym •
II H Fuller, Portland. Or I- J Cooney, Folsom
X Kitajima, New York Robert Wilson, Stockton
8 C Cornell, Merced C W P Mcllugh Fresno
G W Meddauteb. Fresno O c Meddaugh Fresno
A Ktnceaton, Fresno M Bechtei, Hants Rosa
C Ke.ly, Stockton . . Mrs Kelly &c, Stockton
Miss A Hammill.Sonora Mrs lioiiiiurd, Chinese C
Tl l umuuil, Chinese (J O H.taarstoa, Valleio
OM. Kipg &w, Fresno D H Yocom, lowa ''
J C Mllhous & w, Cal Scott Ford, Salt Lake
M Farr, Fresno • •■•..-
NEW WESTERN. HOTEL, ,
J Drew &, wf. Sacto . . * H. Barchton, Neb
J W Ellsworth, Neb HO Green. Milwaukee
J Kottßi r, Fresno •"'"■• W Owens, Chlco .
H D Vnrsent, Forest Hill Kochran, Alcatru
G « Bray ton, Pa ; C Ureenleaf, Troy, NY
F StewHrt, NY . : Cll Doggt. Philadelphia
B Brown, Brooklyn W Leonard, Lockport
Miss J Steward, N J • C Hammond, N S
X C Ullniore, Buffalo T F Johnson. Stockton
E Frnett, Vallejo W Owen, Chicago
D A Robertson, lowa It 8 Patterson, Victoria
RBAI bert, Bania uosa C Sillier, Santa Rosa
r B Kelly. Oakland : . -...
... ..-.« . BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs J A lilbJxsy. NY W L Hackett, H V
Dr W Rudolf, England N F Uimit'on, Monterey
A A liowden, 8 L Key J A Menchar. SL. Key
H J Connors, Stockton A C Blair, Los Ang
H Lacbman, Alameda O Williams, Seattle
H Wllley, Seattle W F Kn»pp, Denver
J J Joyce, NY R M Wells, Chlcaio
.1 I'u-krrlnK, Chicago J C Smith, Chicago
W Dinxmore, Chicago J O Crouch, Salt I.alte
<" J Murpby, Bait, Lake 11 J Trumbull, N V
B Kussell.fr V
The "five nations of Europe" own 2310
warships, mounting 88,209 gum, all ready
for "immediate Berrice."
THE REUNION
OF CHRISTENDOM
An Original Aggressive
Sermon by the Rev.
Dr. Bolton.
HOW TO ACCOMPLISH IT
Anglican, Roman and Orthodox
Fed by Catholic tlhris
tianity.
THE PRIMACY OF ST. PETER.
Rome's Faults, Past and Present.
The Universal Gospel of
Christ.
The midday discourse, delivered on Sun
day at the Episcopal Church of St. Mary
the Virgin by the pastor. Rev. W. W. Bol
ton, is calculated to excite a discussion. It
was entitled "The Reunion of Christen
dom." The tenor of it may be gleaned
from the following excerpts:
"It may be truly said," began the pas
tor, "that among the millions, who this
day in every part of the globe are keeping
the feast of the Holy Ghost, the third per
son of the ever blessed trinity— there is
one subject strictly akin to the feast itself
that in every earnest mind forces its way
to the front and calls aloud for attention.
This is the reunion of Catholic Christen
dom. For this is the birthday of the
church. This is the day when God the
Holy Ghost came personally to dwell
among men, invisible to the eye, but
known full well to the soul. This is the
day that saw the various members Christ
the son of the eternal God had formed
drawn together and made into a compact
whole, through the one spirit that
breathed himself into them. He made of
many one and intended it so to remain,
but man, in bis own willful way, has
broken up the entity and to-day we find
ourselves in a divided Christendom.
"It is a grief to us. Surely men cannot
better spend the hours of the feast than in
an endeavor to try to find some way in
which the divisions may be healed and
God's creation may yet again stand before
him a whole ana" a perfect thing. It will
not come by compromise. It will come
neither by absorption of the lesß, numeri
cally considered, by the greater, nor by
individual conversions, so called, but time
will do it. Let us, however, be careful to
remember when we speak of the longed
for oneness of the church, that there is a
sense in which, though divided, we yet arc
one.
"Catholic Christendom is most inti
mately united. It is one vast compact
body, that feeds Anglican, Roman and
Orthodox alike. We have wrecked the
perfect outward handiwork of God, the
Holy Ghost, and we can give ourselves no
rest until we repair the heinous and out
rageous wrong thus done our God. We
have punished innocent men in the wreck,
for we have been fighting when we should
have been sending tne good news of the
Catholic faith far and wide to every nook
and corner of tne earth. We have also
lost untold blessings for ourselves, for
discipline is slack and the world has
grasped many a position and firmly holds
it that it never would have been able to
take had the church always been one.
"What mean we by the reunion of
Christendom? We mean nothing short of
the constitutional union which existed be
fore the break-up of Western Christendom
in the sixteenth century, together with
union on similar lines with the Orthodox
churches that broke away from the center
of unity long centuries before our own
crash came. There must needs be a center
about which all the scattered forces may
gather, and that center was none other
and is to-day none other than
the Fee of Rome. Men are now too
much in earnest to repair the breaches of
God's earthly Zion to quibble any longer
over what is a fact. Men say that to al
low this is to give away the whole position
of the Anglican cnurch. They say so be
cause they are but surface thinkers. The
church is a sort of pyramid, but it is
something Anglicans cannot agree to that
the pyramid should be turned upside
down and the attempt should be made to
balance it on its top. The papacy is not
the basis of all the rest, but the finishing
stone. Yet because some do pervert it,
that is no reason why we should refuse to
acknowledge the fact that for Christendom
to become one again there must be some
central rallying point, and that this point
is the Apostolic See of Rome.
"Men have come to ignore the rights of
the See of Rome to anj thins at all in the
way of special authority. We may readily
allow that St. Peter was, by the express
wish of Christ, something more than the
rest of the apostolic college, but such is a
very long way off from allowing that he
was to tne rest of the apostles the source
of all that they were. The confusion of
the two things is simply the result of
prejudice. But, do not imagine that the
whole matter would be settled if to-day
Orthodox and Anglican formerly assented
to the primacy of authority residing in
the See of Rome. We should have begun
to see a little daylight— that is all. The
process of true unity must needs be very
slow. Councils could not do it; decrees
could not at once bring it about. Cen
turies ago men might have been whipped
into line, and a few leaders have pro
nounced that all agreed, but nowadays
such is ck-arly impossible. It will take
time, and all w« have to do is to help it
forward just so far as we can, leaving the
day of its accomplishment wholly out of
mind.
"To Rome's door must be laid in chief
the wrong of disrupting Christendom. In
the good providence of God the papacy
grew to be the great center of Christian
unity, but when it proved false to its true
place and laid claim to more than it really
was men for conscience's sake had to
break away. As an organization we do
believe in the papacy— -as a doctrine we
cannot. We believe that the hope of re
union centers in Rome, but cannot see
how it can be brought about till Kome bo
other than it now is. When the happy
time has come we shall be as one vast and
united army, fighting sin and the unbn
dleu license of the world. Heresy will feel
our power, schism be a suppliant at our
feet and the light of the glorious gospel ol
Christ shall shine fortn to the ends of the
habitable earth."
LIGHTWEIGHT BOXERS.
First Boats for the Coast Championship
in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 36.— The pre
liminary bouta of the feather and light
weight contests for the coast champion
ships took place at the Acme Club to
night in the presence of about 750 people.
There -was a alight hitch in the arrange
ments and the feather-weight contest was
not fought, although a special match was
arranged between McMahon of the Olym
pic and Skuse of the Acme.
Skuse and Raphael and Dixon of the
San Francisco Athletic Club were the orig
inal entries in this class. Skuse could not
ge; down to weight and entered the ring
at 131 pounds. Raphael and Dixon re
f usedlto fight unless a $75 trophy was put
up. The club under the association rules j
is not allowed to give a trophy over $35, so
McMahon, weighing 120 pounds, went
against Skuse and bested him in a clever
and neat bout.
The first event was the preliminary
bout in the lightweight class. The con
testants were Tye of the Acme, 134 pounds,
and Kirshner of the Manhattan, 135
pounds. Tye had the best of the match
from the start and played with Kirshner
all through. In the third round the Acme
boy floored his opponent four or five times
and won the fight by a clean knockout.
The third bout was hotly contested.
The Manhattans entered Muller at 135
pounds, and Slamberg entered from the
Acme at 134 pounds. Honors were even
at the end of the third round, and in tbe
fourth Muller fouled Slamberg several
times. The referee awarded the fight to
Slamberg. Muller's temper got the best
of him and he wanted to punch Slamberg
again, but the seconds interfered. Slam
berg put up the best fight.
The last bout was between Muller and
Gooby, the latter from the Acme and
NEW TO-DAY. _^_^^
Ladies Shirt Waists
THAT ARE MADE TO FIT.
Points About Our Waists —
HANDSOME PATTERNS— PERFECT LAUNDRY WORK ON
COLLARS AND CUFFS— VERY FULL, 1896 SLEEVES AND
. . . . MODERATE PRICES.
A Combination of Good Features that is Sure to Please.
PRICES— 4Oc, 50c, 75c, 90c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50.
• 100 STYLES TO SELECT FROM.
SPECIAL SALE
OF COLORED FANCY STRIPE AND FIGURED DRESS SILKS,
20, 21 and 22 inches wide, of Excellent Qualities. Prices were
$1.00 and $t.25.
Sale Price 50c Per Yard.
Kohlberg, 12201224
<-» a Market St.
r* * 107-109
rronman j post street.
Wednesday, The Union
May II ~ll|sb j§SSL Clothing Co.
A BOMBSHELL Of CLOTHING VALUES
3 C3HIBA.T STOCKS
MEN'S HIGH-GRADE CLOTHING
AT LESS THAN COST OF CLOTH AND TRIMMINGS.
This is a veritable explosion of unprecedented values, which eclipse
the best efforts ever made by any firm. We purposely do not advertise
the names of the firms from whom these stocks were bought, as It Is not
names, but High-Grade Clothing, that we will sell you at such prices that
our object in this sale cannot fail to be accomplished. That object is to
make it known everywhere that the UNION CLOTHING COMPANY
leads where none can follow. Argument Is unnecessary when proof Is
so easily to be had. See It below.
&£* "7 C ELEGANT SACK SUITS, Overshot Plaids. Strictly All Wool.
it* ■» m 7tZ. FROCK AND SACK SUITS, imported Worsteds, Serges and Thibet. Exquisite
9 m * m 0a workmanship. Exclusive styles.
<£O KA IMPORTED CLAY DIAGONAL SACK AND 3-BUTTOX CUTAWAY FROCK
9DiOvi SUITS. WORKMANSHIP AND TRIMMINGS PERFECT.
. OUR GUARANTEE— Money refunded with pleasure If purchase Is not thoroughly satisfactory,
UNION CLOTHING COMPANY,
112, 11 4 AND 116 KEARNY STREET, BETWEEN POST AND SUTTER.
How is it with you ? Are your muscles strong ? Is your
vital power as vigorous as •it used to be ? Can you stand the
same amount of exertion you could a few years ago ? Answer
these questions in your own mind and then if you find yourself
in any respect the worse off you must know that there is a reason
for it. What is it ? Excesses, over-indulgence in the pleasures
arid passions of life, may have worn out your vitality.
Maybe you have reached that age when you find the need of
that reserve vital force which nature gives you ; and mayhap
you wasted it when you were young. .
"Burning the candle at both ends" is a common habit, and
it often brings a man to an early grave. Men who should retain
their vigor to a good old age are impotent at 40 and victims of
Nervous Debility at 50.
There is a very interesting book known as "Three Classes of
Men," which will interest every man. , It is by Dr. Sanden, the
inventor 'of Dr. Sariden?s'Ele'ctric Belt. It is worth $100 to any
man who has lost the vigor of manhood. It will, be sent free,
closely sealed, upon application. ;'■; It gives proof of the cures by
Dr. Sariden's Electric Belt. Consultation with the doctor is free.
ss^ixrrDDEivr eil.ectr.ic CO.,
630 MARKET ST., opposite palace hotel,- san FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. . M.i Sunday*, 10 to 1.
OmiflOEJS A.T
LOt» ANGELES, CAU . I PORTLAND. OR,
I . -0i boatb Broadway, | 853 Washington stre«b
weighing 133 pocnds. It was Booby's first
appearance in the ring, and be pat up a
clever fight. Muller showed more science
and won the bont.
To-niuht the finals will go on, Tye, 81am
berg and Muller being the entries.
The referee was Billy Hughes; timers,
Myron Whidden and Willie Sbarpe;
judges, Phil Wand and George Serecei.
Thanks for Court e*i«s.
The Mayor and Board of Supervisors re
ceived yesterday from the city officials of
Minneapolis a handsomely engraved rote of
thanks for the treatment accorded Mayor
Pratt and the Aldermen and other municipal
functionaries while on their recent visit to
San Francisco.
A Misplaced Transfer.
John Pera has been beaten in his suit for
$5000 damages from the Market-street Rail
way Company. He offered a Powell and Mar
ket street transier when the car was beyond
O'Farrell street on Powell. His transfer wu
refused and be was put off. He sued, and the
| railway company scoured the verdict.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
srHMAKT OF THE MAKKETS.
Silver higher.
Wheat and Barley weak-
Oats and Rye dull.
Hay and Feecisltiffs unchanged.
Beans neglected.
Old I'otmoes advanced. Onions lower.
Butter coming In soft.
Cheese plentiful and weak.
Ranch Eg^s firmer.
Poultry dull.
Some Vegetables lower.
licceipts of Cherries increasing.
Berries and Currants come in burnt.
Lemons and Limes firm. Oranges weak.
IHi I'd Peaches and loose Raisins active and
higher.
Apricots scarce. Prunes dull.
Provisions slow.
Hides and Leather unchanged.
Wool very dnlL
Meat unchanged.
Merchandise quotations steady.
Explanation.
- The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station Indicate maximum tempera*. for the
4ays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, ot melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hlsh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. . When .the pressure is high in th» lnterioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. " With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse ot these conditions
will produce an opposite result-
' WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agbicci>
tube, Wkathkb Bureau, Sax Francisco, May
26, 1896, 5 F. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast : /.
- The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 50.98, last season -11.94; Red 22.13,
last season 29.25; San Francisco 21.20, last sea
son 25.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San
Luis Obispo 17.70, last season 25.93: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10; San Diego 5.92, last sea
son 12.20: Yuma .83, last season 3.01.
• The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Eureka — , Red Bluff
92, San Francisco 91, Fresno 102, San Luis Oblspo
84, Los Augeles 96. San Diago 86, Yuma 110.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 91,
minimum 63, mean 77.
The pressure has fallen during the past twenty
four hours over the entire country west of the
Rocky Mountains, with the exception of a small
area on the coast of Southern California. During
the past twelve hours th»re has been a full of
nearly two-tenths of an inch in Northern Nevada
and Northwestern Utah. The pressure is now
nearly normal in Nevada and Utah. The pres
sure Is apparently low in the Upper Missouri Val
ley and also In Arizona.
The temperature has remained aoout stationary
over the Pacific Slope, with' the exception of
Northern Utah, where there has been a rise of. 8
deg., and the coast of southern California from
ban Diego to San Luis Obispo, where there has
been a fail of from 6 to •16 deg. Maximum tem
peratures of over 100 deg. occurred in the San
Joaquin Valley and in Arizona. At Yuma the
maximum temperature was 110 deg. '
The weather along the Pacific Coast Wednesday
will probably be fair and not so warm. Fog may
occur Wednesday night. • ...
. Kaiu has fallen in Washington, and a thunder
storm is reported in North Dakota. Rain is falling
in Montana also.
Fort-cast made at Sao Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 27, 1896.
.Northern California— Fair Wednesday and not
so warm: cooler Wednesday nigh, along the coast;
light northerly winds changing to westerly and
increasing in force.
Southern California— Fair and not so warm
Wednesday;' cooler Wednesday ■ night; ' fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; continued high tem
perature.- • ' .... ...
Utah— Fair Wednesday; continued high tem
perature.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday: continued high tem
perature.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday
and not so warm : cooler Wednesday night; light
northerly winds changing to westerly and increas
ing in force in the afternoon. - Possibly fog
Wednesday night, Albxakdeb G. Mcaiuf..
' • • - Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
;"-.•; .Financial.
NFW YORK, N. V., May 26.-It was another
dull and uninteresting day at the Stock Exchange.
Transactions were only 103,175 shares. At the
outset the market was inclined to weakness and
prices receded about Ys^Wb per cent, lower prices
from London having li.-d to moderate sales for the
short account by local traders, who for the mo
ment were arrayed on the bear side. The argu
ments advanced by those, working for a decline
were the continued decline in the prices of wheat,
lard, pork and other products; the likelihood of
further engagements of gold for export to Europe
on Thursday and Saturday and the efforts making
in the .senate to change the matter of bond Issues
now in control of the Treasury Department. -
The o>v prices prevailing for products was much
discussed in some circles, and houses with Chicago
connections, comparatively speaking, were fairly
large sellers of the Grangers for this reason. li Is
to be' said, however, that the actual owners of se
curities are not disturbed on account of liquida
tions in wheat, corn and provisions, and the low
record prices made and held to their securities,
notwithstanding the efforts of the i shorts to dis
lodge long stock. Sugar, which was the leader In
point Of activity,' first declined to 121% and then
rose to and closed at 123%, a net gain of 1% per
cent fur the day. .....
Manhattan, a favorite of traders, opened slightly
higher, then dropped to 102%, and later recov
ered to 1033/g. Leather preferred sold off slightly
on the announcement that action on the dividend
had been postponed, on account of the absence of
several members of the executive committee.
.-peculation closed firm 111 ton.-. Net cnanges as a
rue show gains of Vs to Vi per rent.
■ .Bonds were weak. Sales, $734,000. Atchison
Hdjustment fours fell 1% to 40%. Chicago Gas,
rives, 1' to 92; Louisville, New' Albany and Chi
cago central fives, 1% to 70; 1 Missouri, Kansas
and Eastern fives, Ito 91 ; Si. Louis and San Fran
cisco consolidated fours, 3 to 25.
In Government bonds $6500 registered fours of
1907 sold at $108:U(aJ08'/B. and 920,000 coupon
fives at $112%.. . " ... . ■
. ■. Grain. \
FLOUR— DuII, weak, unchanged: Winter wheat,
low grades. 91 70@2 85; do fair to fancy, ?2 45@
3 65: do patents, 93 70@3 90: Minnesota clears,
92 ibla.'.i 05: do straits, $:« 25@3 65; do patents.
$3 45@4 40; low extras, 91 70/al2 85; city mills;
$4 05 a 4 15; do patents, $4 25@4 45; rye mixture,
$2 50@3 50: superfine, 91 95(g>2 20: tine, 91 70®
2 10. , southern Hour, dull, easy; common to fair
extra, 92 201&2 80; Rood to choice, 92 80@3 10.
Bye flour dull, easy.. 92 40@2 80. - .- >
CORNMEAL —Quiet: yellow Western, 92 OS (a,
2 10: Brandywlne, 92 15. . ; - .
'RYE— Nominal ; -.N0." 2 Western.' 43@43%c.
BARLEY— Quiet: unchanged Western. 39©41 c
BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western. 48<§53c.
. WHEAT— Wiakcr.f. o. b., 73sJ4c to arrive:
ungraded red, 64&74 c; No. 1 . Northern, 68% cto
arrive. ....:,..-■. . . , ■.-_•« ■v.
Options were more active and VsOlVfec lower on
free local liquidations, tveak West, lorelgn selling
ana Increase on passage, closing weak. Septem
ber: and 4 July most active. : May, 66% c; June,
Otji/»c: July. 66»4c: August, 65% c; September,
b'6c: December, bee v
CORN— Spot weaker, more active; No 2, 34% c
elevator; 35%c afloat. , ,
• Options -were more attire and lower,
with s the WcaS and on local .realizing. .closing
steady,. September. and July moat active. -May,
34% c: June. 34% c: July. 35c; August, 35% c:
.'e]>temtcr:«c; October, 86% c
MATS— Active, easier. : | .-. •
Options moderately active, easier. May. 233/ c;
June, 23V4c.-" Spot prices: No. 2,'23%@24c^ No. 2
wliite,2sy*@2si / No. 2 Chicago, 2i\i@ 25c; No.
3. 231,4 c: No. 8 white, 24V<!c; mixed Western, 28®
25c: white do and white State, 26@28c.
FEED BRAN— ssfq)«sc.
MIDDLINGS— 6S@7Oc.
RYE-Feed.6sc.
I Provisions.
BEEF— family. 98 60®9: extra mess,
f'i;a7; beef bams, dull. «14 60: tlerced t>eef,
quiet; city extra India mess, 910@ll 60; cut
meats quiet, weak; pickled bellies, 12 pounds, 4Vs
1? ii>4'-: do shoulders, 4^4@4%c; do hams, 9fe»
a%c.
LARD— Lower; Western steam, S4 45: city,
94: May. 94 40. Refined, -quiet; continent,
94 75; south American. *:> 25: compound, /B e.
PORK— DuII, weak; old mess, *B@B 60; new
mess, $8 75@9 25. ■. .
BUTTER— Firm, • active: fancy firm; State
dalrv. B@lsc; do creamery. 11@15%C: do factory,
7@10%c; Elglns, 1614 c: Imitation creamery, 10@
12c
CHEESE— Quiet: State large., old, 6@9%c;
do new, 6%@7c: do small, 4%@9 4c; do, new,
7i.4@xc; part skims, old, 3@4%c; do new, 3@sc;
fun skims, 2@2%c
EGGS— Active; choice, firm; State and Penn
sylvania, 12@12%c: Western fresh, 10%@12c;
do. per case, $1 8002 70.
TALLOW— DuII; city, S@3VBC; country, 8@
3i/ c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, weak: crude. 21c;
yellow prime, 24c; do off grades, 25c.
KS IN — steady, quiet;, strained, common to
good, 91 Mi. 1 ! 85.
TURPENTINE— DuII, steady; 26@26%c.
POTATOES— Quiet, easy.
RlCK— Firm; Domestic, fair to extra, 3@5%c;
Japan, 4@4V«c.
MOLAS-Es— Firm; New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Steady : 6 to 35 points down; May,
$12 40; June, «12@12 10: July. 911 55; August,
*10 95131105; September, 910 60($10 65; October,
$10 26@10 30: December, $10(g.l0 15; January,
910; March, $9 65. Spot Rio, dull, steady ; No. 7,
13%®14c.- ••
SltiA K-Raw.quiet, steady ; fair refining 3%cft Ib ;
centrifugals. 96 test, 4c f) &>: refined. l-16c higher,
moderately active; off a, 4 11-16@.4%c: mold A.
6%c; standard A, 614 c; confectioners' A, sVgc;
cut. loaf, si/8<"; grushed, 8 c; powdered, 6 9-16 c;
granulated, 51,4 c; cubes, /a c. .-- - - :■:• t
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS AND WALNUTS— None.
. APRICOTS— Bags, B%@loc
PEACHES— %i" &>• 12@13o; do on
peeleo. ;><d><-. -4 '
PRUNES— Four sizes, 5c
— Two-crown. 2» / 4@3c: tbree-crowii, 4
@4i/gc; four-crown, 4%<ipsc; do London layers,
WML
HOPS— Quiet; steady; State common and choice,
2%®Bc: Pacific Coast. a <§,2%c.
WOOL— steady; domestic fleece, 16@21c;
pulled, 16@33c; Texas, 7&12&
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
10 75@13.
COPPER-Steady: lake. 911 50.
LEAD— Steady: domestic. *3 O2y a 06.
TIN -Steady: straits. *13 55@13 «5.
PLATES— Moderately active.
BPELTEK-Dull; domestic, 94 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix.. May 26.-Without anything
new on the situation and without any extraordi
nary effort to depress prices the market for wheat
experienced another break this morning. It was
simply a heavy market with the holders who have
been hoping against hope that some accident might
happen which would cause a reversal of the senti
ments, throwing their wheat on the market and
taking their losses with as good grace as possible.
Yesterday and to-day many slop loss orders have
come out and more are expected at each future de
cline. Then? were no Liverpool or Paris cables, it
I being a holiday at those places.
The world s shipments last week were 8,524,000
bushels. The amount on ocean passage increased
1,380.000 bushels. Receipts In the Northwest
were heavy at 514 cars against 464 last Tuesday
. and 382 a year ago. Chicago had 29 cars and in
spected out 93,000 bushels. Berlin closed % mark
higher and Antwerp unchanged. Export clear
ance* were moderate nt 202.391 bushels. Later In
the session a moderate {recovery on covering by
shorts took place. July wheat opened from 60Vgc
to 60c, declined to 59V 8 C closing at 693/gCs&BV^c,
<hj(n :l 4'" under yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow, 13 cars:
CORN— Receipts of corn were heavy this morn
ing, 758 cars arriving. The sudden increase In the
movement is ascribed to the continued good
promise of the next crop, and to the fact that i
farmers having a little time on their hands
availed themselves of the opportunity to reduce j
the quantity cribbed. There were no Liverpool !
cables. Withdrawals from store were light at I
61.000 bushels. The amount on ocean passage de- i
creased 640.000 bushels. The market was gov
erned largely by the action of wheat to-day, prices
averaging weak and lower. Export clearances
were 243,160 bushels. Russia shipped 120,000
bushels last week. July corn opened at 28% c,
declined to 28% c. closing at 286fea VsSVic un
der yesterday. .Estimated receipts for to-morrow
525 cars.
OATS— Fairly active and weak. Local profes
sionals were the best traders. Shorts were able
to cover quite a liberal quantity without affecting
prices. Receipts were heavy at 620 cars. There
were no withdrawals from store. Export clear
ances amounted to 59.708 bushels. July oats
closed Vijfg.Vic lower. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 330 cars. -
FLAX— Was steady. : Cash, 85c: May. 82% c:
July, , 83c; September, 85% c. Receipts were
13 cars.
PROVISIONS— The sentiment In provisions was
too weak to be benefited even by a moderate Im
provement in bogs. Speculative!}* the market
was heavy, the action of the grain markets tend
ing to maintain such a tone. At the close Juiv
pork was 7%@10c lower. July lard 10@12%0
lower, and Jul ribs 7%c lower. .
BUTTER— The butter market to-day was steady.
Conditions were not essentially changed. The de
mand was good and supply moderate. Creameries
— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14V4C: seconds. 10@
13c: Imitations, fancy. 11&13 C. Dairies— Extras.
12%@13c; firsts. lO^llc; seconds. 9c. Ladles—
Extras, 9@loc: firsts. B@B%c; packing stock, 7c.
EGGS— Were active and firm. Receipts were
moderate and the demand good. Fresh stock sold
at B%@ioc ft dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and 6@7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 90c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— May. 68% c; July, 69V«'359%c; Sep
tember. b0y B @6oi4C. 7"; ,•."■.:.
CORN— Mmv 27 % c; July, 28% c- Septem
ber, 29%@2«%c.
OATS— 3iay,l7%c; July, 18%@18%c; Septem
ber, IH%C.
PORK-July, 97: September, 97 16.
LARD— JuIy, S4 17%; September, »4 32%. .
RlßS— July, 93 77%; September, 93 93%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 1r.1., May 29.-The
run of cattle to-day was quite heavy, and the de
mand was rather slow. Prices declined . &(a,loc.
Receipts of bogs were moderate. The demand for
choice lots was good, and those kinds were 5c
higher. Others were only steady. The sheep
market was firm with a good demand.
CATTLE — Receipts. 6000. Fancy beeves,
$4 Mt&i 40: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 94 05(0.4 25: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, S3 85ra.4 10: medium steers, 1000
to 1600 pounds. 93 65f<$3 85: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. 93 35(33 65: choice I feeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. 83 60@>3 90: common to choice
stockers. 92 80@3 50: Dulls, - choice to
extra,93 00@3 30: bulls, poor to choice, 92 10@
2 86; cows and heifers, extra. 93 70@4 00: cows,
fair to choice, 92 40@3 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 60@2 36: calves, good to choice. 94 76&
5 25; calves, common to good. 93 2504 70; Texas
grass steers, $2 70{$3 40: Texas fed steers. 83 20
<gi3 90; Texas cows and bulls. 92 30@3 25; milkers
and springers, per head, 820(935.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, 93 10I&3 35: common to • choice
mixed, $3 \b(cu'£ 45; choice assorted. 93 50(4
3 55: light, 93 30&3 60; pigs. 92 50<$3 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. 14,000. Interior to caolc*.
92 50 (5.4 10 ; lambs, 93 25*5 20.
MiW YoKK STOCKS.
Bond*, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at I%*: . last loan IViV,
and : closing offered at I%V. Prime mercantile
paoer, 6@6i*V Bar silver, t>BV4c. Mexican dollars.
i.-31/gC. den ins exchange quiet, |easler. with actual
busiuess in bunkers 1 Dills at 94 8734 for sixty
days and 94 88%@4 88% for demand. Posted
rat««, 84 8804 89%. Commercial bills, 84 8*534
(a.4 87. Government bonds steady; state bond*
dull;, railroad bonds lower, Silver at the board
was firm. •.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel Cable.... 92 ..Norfolk* w«i-. 2
Atchison.. ......... 14% Preferred. „ 73,;
Preierrea '^21/1 Northern Paolllo.. 1/4
Adams press... 1 Preferred. 151/4
Alton, Terre Haul*. 66 Nonnwestern...... IDbi/.
American Express. 114 | Preferred. li Hht
American Tobacco, 6^14, N. Y. Central...- . »6ju.
Preferred....."... 99% .Y. Chicago 13
Bay fctatauas...... 291/4 Ist preferred..... 76
Baltimore & Ohio.. 18 { 2d preferred...... 31
Brunswick Lands.. %N.Y.&N.H ™176
Buffalo. Roch &P. 18% N. V. ft. New Ens. 45
Canada Pacific. M 61% N. Y. Kusq A W.« 83/ i
Canada Bout hern.. 503/ 4 ) Preferred ....... 24
Canton Land _ 60 7/ 8 Ontario 13 ;
Central faclflo.... lii/ 4 ObtarioA W**t*rtL 1414
Cces.* 0h1a...... % Oregon Improvmfc 1*
Chicago Alton 157 Preferrea.., ■ __
Preterrea. 170 Oregon Navigation! 14 >
Chicago, U. A U. ... *79 Ore con Hhort Llna. 6
Chicago *K. 111... 41 ! Pacific Mali 26V<
Frefarrad. 98 1 eona. D.& Evan* 2.
Cbicagouaa., 67% Pittsburgh W pta. Is '
Cleve<& PlUsbur?.l63 Pullman Pa1a0»...16H
Consolidation Coat. 32 ''IQolcksUver..... • 1 ~
Consolidated Gaa..lst>% Preferred. ,_ 15 -
C. C. C. A.HL Low* 35Vi Rta0ing.;;......,. i oi o
Preferreu. ...... 8- <RioarandeAW«Ma IS -
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 2814 Preferred." ....^.' 40'
Preferred « 100 Rock lslana 70
Cotton Oil cert 12% Home Wat <ftOgdi'nll4V,
Commercial Cable. 150 fet. L. <t H. aL*
D«L Hud50n.. .....187 Preferred........; UnZ
Del. Lack A \Vest«rnl.il H.Paui .. ...^ 7"*
Denver U-.... t'i%y Preferred. . . 128
Preferred. 47% Xt, Panl<& Doiuth. 23
D15tU1en........— : IBVs ■ Preferred..;;. „ 86
General tCltclrio... 35»/8 Bt. Paul AOmaojL. isiA
Kn».-..;..:;.:...— 141/4, Preferred.. 124 y8
Preferred 36 TBU P. M. <k M. ..^ll2 "
■ Fort Wayne 163 . ISUver Certincates. ■ 6H»A
Great Northern bout hern Paclno.^ ' 19
Green Jbay.. ........ ■' -vi tsouiauo it. X., v a" .
Harlem ......'• 295 j Preferrea. j"
Bock Ins C0a1.'..... ■ 2v4 bugar Refinery.... 1235/.
Hocking Valley... 15 erred......' 103%?
llomesiaice „ 32 lenn. Coal & Iron. •£,?■<,
H. A Texas Cent.. '| ' Preferrea . lob
Illinois Centrsi.... 91 Texas Pacific " ' hi ,
lowa Central. ...... 8% T01.A.A.& — n
- Preferred. S'^Va'lol. & Ohloeen..^ 32
Kansas <£. Texas. IIV 4 Preferred... 73
- - Preferred.: . . .-.;.. 25 14 1 ©l.Bt.Louis A k."a ?< 6vV
Kingston <t Pemu.,- 'S I ' PreterrtO, 0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
Lake Erie <£ Westo. 18 Union Fac1f10...... 7%
Preferred.. ....... 711* L P.. Den. A Oak * JJi*
l.a«e 5n0re. ...... I JSkCordaga. ...... 614
rational Lead...._ 25 -! - Preferred .«. 10y*
Preferred. _ 90141 ' Guaranteed.. ..._ 21*
Lou* 151 and ........ 79 V. Express.... - 40
Louisville & Nash. 50 U. 6. Leather...... U4\
Louisville Na<fc Ob. 91/4 Preferred.. .....^ 84
Preferred 19 \V. a Rubber....— 21W,
Manhattan Consoi.lOSVj' erred..... "..^ «4
Mempcis <fc Charts. 15 iUtlca &B. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 9a/, Wab. 8. L. «fc Pao.. 7
Michigan Central.. £4 Preferred. 17%
*ilnn<fcH.i. __ jWells-Farga 98
Preferrea. _— Western Union... b6V4
lllnu. & at. Lcom. ISVa Wis Central.... „„ 1
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling <XL.J£~ 9%
Sdpreferred 47W Preferred.....^... -SB -
Missouri l'aclflo..^ 25 Vi Am Cotton OH Dfa. 64 V 8
Alobile* Ohio 20 W U Beef - 7*/
Kashvllie Chatt.... f,B Ann Arbor —
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred
Central lus** Brooklyn Traction. 24%
North American... 66 1 1 Erie 2d pfd 24
CXOSIXH BONDS.
IPO.IW 108% M X T 2d*. 6914
Do, 4s coupon. ..lo9V* Do, 4s. .... 85
U B4snewreg.....llßV2 Mutual Union 114 1
Do, 4s coupon. 116% N J Cent Gen bs...U9Vfe
Do. 2s 94i0 Northern Pao lsta.ll7
Do, 6a U-«/ 4 Do, 2da 115
Da 6s oouDon 112% Do. DO* 73
Cherokee 4s. 189». JUO >onnw M t'ct>nioUL 1 *
D 0.189- 100 I Do, deb s*. 109V4
D 0.1898 ....100 ORANIsu.. 110
1«>.1899 100 !BiL*lronMtaen&s 79%
r«cinc of '»»... - ,tt LA BFG«n6j.lW^
D C. 8-6 6s 1091/4 Ift I-anl Consols ...181%
Ala Class a 4....... 106 t-t. p. C. A Palsti.llß
Do. Class 84. 6s. 105 ; Da Pac Cal • its.. 1 10
LaConsol4s. 98 Southern R. R. Ot. 93%
Missouri funding..— : Texas Pad He first* 90
N Carolina con as.. 124 Texas Pae»<>conam. *1%
_-°«. *• 101 UnionPaclstor9tLlo9V4
So Carolina 4%5...106 Went bhor» 4a. ...10 V 4V 4
Itnnnew m s 81%' Mobile* Ohio «.. 66y 8
funding deo»... 61% r UranaeWeK Ist* 76
?<>• «* Ches&O6s 106%
Do. deterred 6 A t«hl»on 4a -78
■ua trust rcots st 6 I Da2dsA... 40
Canada south 205.. 104%!qh&BA 6s. ....105
Cen Pac lsuot '96 102 i Da 2d7i. .100
Dcndk R 1« lIoWh * <^nt5a..!08%
»Co-«•» Co - «• 91 ! Da con 6.......«100
S rte2 <U 65 Readme 4. ..^ 79
Kansa» a consoU 72 Mlssouxi b« lOU
Jk * i*» l«u divl Ili 4
FORJEKiN MAKKKTS.
WHIAT IS LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Eno., May 2a— The spot markat
Is quiet at 6s 4^d@ss si£d. Cargoes steady at
27a 6d sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
6s 254.1; June, 5523. 4 d; July, 5i 3d: August, 6s
3d; >eptember, 6s 3d.
BKCT7RITIKS.
LONDON, Eko.. May 26. — Consols, 112Vfa:
silver. 81 S-16d; French Rentes, 10H 95c.
KXCUANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 BHV4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine Silver, ft ounce — 68V4
Mexican Dollars 6414 64^
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull but firm at 28s
9d, usual options. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 19,600, against
46,400 tons on the same date last year. Disen
gaged. 74,870 tons, against 6900; on the way to
this port. 228.900 tons, against 314,000.
WHEAT— Futures continue to decline and spot
prices are weak. There Is very little selling.
No. 1. 81 05@l 06V4: choice, 91 07i 2 : lower
grades, $1($1 06: extra choice for nulling, 81 16i<v
1 20 » ctL
CALL BOARD BAI.VS. >VS«
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — December—
600 tons. 91 00%: 300. 91 00%: 100, 91 00^ 8 :
100. 91 00%. ™
i.k.;ii.ah Mornino Session— December— loo
tons. 81 00. 8: 200, 91 00%; 200. $1 00s M ; 400,
91 00%: 500, $1 00 V4.
Aftkkmmin Skhsion — December — 200 tons,
91 00%; 200, 91 003/ a. Seller '96, new- 100,
974' B e.
BARLEY— Very qnlet at weak • prices. Feed,
71¥*@72%c: choice, 7S&4Q! Brewing, 80@86c. 1
>;.*.'•; (ALL BOABD BALKS, i 1 .
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 71 Vie: 100, 71% c . -
Kighlab MoRxiNQ Session— December— 300
tons, 71 %c: 800, 71c; 200, 70 %c
afternoon bKssioN — December— lo9 tons.
7ia/ 8 c: 600, 71% c
OATS— Are dull at unchanged quotations. Mill
ing;, 77%&85 eft ctl; fancy Feed, 85@90c; good to
choice. bO@B6c; common to fair, 70&77%: Gray,
72%@82%c: Surprise, 90c(591 ft ctl.
CORN— Yellows are steady and choice large Is
scarce and firm. White Is weak and neglected.
Large Yellow, t»o@92%c; Small Round do, 97% c;
White, tO@Bsc ~& otl.
BYE— lnactive at 75@77%c ft ctl.
BUCK V» HEAT-85@90c * ctl. No business.
FLOUR AND MIH.STUFF3.
FLOUR— Moderate demand on export and local
account. Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 75<a,3 85 ft bbl: Bakers' extras, 93 65@3 65;
superfine, (2 75@3.
CORN MEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, 920@20 50;
Cracked Corn, 921 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In 10- tb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2»4c; Rye Flour, 3Vic: Rice Flour. 7 Vic: Corn
meal, 2*4@3c; extra cream do. Sl^c; Oatmeal,
8S/ 4 c; Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy. 4(£4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina,
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 8c; Rolled Oats, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 4%c: BpUt Peas, A c; Green do,
61,4 eft Ib. . -.-;. »■.;'
HAT AND FEKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 9I6@I6 60 ft ton.
MIDDLINGS-916 50®17 30 ft ton for lower
grades and $18@19 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF-* - Rolled Barley, 916@1S 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 ft ton; Jobbing, 921;
Cottonseed Oilcake, 921 ft ton. ■ "••;..
HAY— Weak, but no lower. Arrivals of new are
thus far scattering. Wheat is quotable at 8(o.l 1 60
f. ton: Oat, 97(£&9 ft ton: Wheat and Oat, fß@ll-
Barley, 97@8 50; Alfalfa, «7@9; Clover, 96@7 60;
Compressed Oat, Hi 50<£8; Compressed Wheat, 97
@10 60; Stock, if o©7 ft ton.
STRAW— 3O@>SOc ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Nothing golngon to change quotations.
Bay os are quotable at 90c@91 fi ctl V ctl; Small
Whites, 91 25^1 40 V ctl; Pea, 81 25@1 45
ft ctl; Large Whites. il@l 15 ft ctl: Pins,
90c@91; Keds, 91 25; Blackeye. 81 40^1 65;
Red Kidney, 81 50(gH 65; LI mas. 92 60«2 75;
Butters, 91 40&1 60 for small and 91 25@1 50 for
large. » .
HEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at 91 60
@2 25 ft ctl; Trieste. 92@2 60 ft ctl; Yel
low Mustard. 91 40@l 60; Flax, 91 7031 80; Ca
nary, 23ic V m; Alfalfa. 7%@9%c * lb; Rape,
2%c * fe; Hemp, 3%c * to.
DRIED PEAS— 9I 25@1 40 ft Ctt for Nlles and
91 26£,1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— OId Potatoes have advanced again.
New ' Potatoes In sacks are quotable at 90c@
81 15 ft c.l; new Early Rose In boxes from the
River, 91 25@1 60; new Garnet Chiles. 81.'ml 25;
River Burbauks are out; Oregon Burbanks,
65@90c ft ell: Early Rose, 6S@76c; Petaluma and
Tomalcs, 65<g,80e ft ctl; Humboldt Burbanks, 700
80c * ctL "•--i...^.. . **
ONIONS— Very weak at 35@46c V ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 654 boxen As
paragus, 112 boxes Rhubarb and 487 sacks Peas.
String Beans from Los Angeles are dried up and
poor. Peas arc lower. Vacuville Tomatoes came
In from the ranch of Morgenstern & Mllzner and
sold a*. 81 76 ft small box.
Alameda Summer' squash, ; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, 91 25 ft box; Egg Plant,
ft &>: Los Anceles Tomatoes, 9-©- 50 ft box: Cu
cumbers, 50c@81 ft doz; Asparagus, 75c®91 75 ft
box for ordinary and 92@2 25 for extra: Rhubarb,
60c@5125; Dried Peppers, 7@9c: Green Peppers,
20c ,-.' tb; Green Peas, 50<-<a,Bl f* sack for common
and 91 25 for Garden; String Beans, 6@Bc ft Ib for
Los Angeles and-6@locft Ib for Winters; Horse
Beans, 50(g)60c ft sack: Dried Okra, 12% c; Cab
bage, 45(550c ft ctl; Garlic, 4®sc ft Ib.
BUTTER, CHKKSK AND KGO3.
BUTTER-Fancy hard Creamery Is firm at the
top quotation, but most of the arrivals are soft and
out of shape, owing to the hot weather. ' ■ - ;
CiiKAit kky — Fancy, 14@14%c; seconds, 13®
13% eft Ib. •
Dairy— Fancy, IS 1 ;: good to choice, 12©12% c;
lower Erad<a.ll@ll%c
CHEESE — Very weak. Supplies are large.
Fancy i mild new is quotable at 7c ft Ib: common
to good. 6@6%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America. B@9c ft &>; Western, 10@llc: Eastern,
12@13%c. ' •• . . . . ' ,
KGGs— Ranch are firm and store are weak,
owing to the hot weather.- Eastern Eggs, Il(al2c
ft dozen; Store Eggs, ll@13c: ranch Eggs, 12%
@14c; Duck Eggs, 14@i5c ft doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is rendered dull by a
lot of unsold Eastern stock, and the range of values
Is generally lower.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 12%@140 ft Ib for
Gobblers, ll@l3c for Hens: Geese, ' ft pair. 91@
1 25; Goslings, 81 25@1 60; Docks. 93 50yi.4 for
Old and $4<«!> 50 ft doz for young: Hens, 93 60<g>
4 60; Roosters, young, 97 50@9: do, old, «4(54 60:
Fryers, 96@7; Broilers. 94@5 50 for large and92<33
for small; Pigeons. 81 26(0)1 50 for young and old.
GAME— Is not quotable this hot weather. : \ :
DECIDUOUS AND : » CITRUS ' FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
4062 boxes, selling at 60(&60c for White and Red
and 50@75c iH box for Black. Cherries in bulk, 6
97c 9 lb for White, 6Vi@6c for Black and 3i- 3 ®sc
for culls.
Priugle Apricots sold at 50c@91 box, 170
boxes coming; in.
BE KRlEiS— strawberries came in burned by the
hot sun. Receipt* of Strawberries were 391
chests, selling at 95@9 f> chest for Longwortbs
and $4@6 for large berries.
uoosotierrles. 20(525c i* drawer and 2@2i /2 c ft
lb in sacks for small and 25@30c V drawer and 'iy%
@3c lb in bulk for large.
Raspberries, 65A85c ft drawer; Newcastle Rasp
berries, 91 25@1 60 ft crate.
No Blackb«rrl«a from Southern California.
I Currants. 36@65c ft box. Some of them came
in burnt. . . _„ ■
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons and Limes are firm,
owing to the hot weather, oranges continue weak
at 78c@91 25 for seedlings, $3@4 for Navels. $ 1 60
@2 60 for Malta Bloods and $1 25@2 25 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons,' 91(31 50 for common and
*"@"-i 60 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, 95 60
@b; California Limes, SI ft bx; Bananas, 91@2 %i
bunch; Pineapples, 9S®6 ft dozen. ;
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
■; Peaches and loose Raisins are inactive demand
and higher. Apricots are very scarce.' Prunes are
dulL
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: •:
Carload Lots— Apples, 1%@20 ft Ib for" quar
tered. 2c for sliced and 4®4iAc for evaporated ;
i-eacnes. 3®sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6i.<,<s
8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc fl
for fancy Moorpark* Figs, black. 2%c for on
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c fk
lb for evaporated halves, 3y2@6c ft lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3i4r; Plums, 3V*c » Ib for pitied and
l%'«2cfor unpltted; Nectarines, 3i, a (fl.sc for,
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated APDlesr 4@4%c
ftttt; sun-dried, I%<£2c: Peaches, 3%@5c and 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. Il(ai2%c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5@6%c for 40(S50's and 4%<^50
for 6O@6O's: Apricots- 6%@9c for prime to choice
10@llc for fancy MoorparK: Figs, black, 3iric:
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears. 8c ft .Ib for evapor-
I iited halves 'and 4fS)7i.oc for quarters; Plums,
I 3%@4c for pitted and 1(<51%c for unpitted; Nec
| tar, nes. 4@sc ft tb for prime to chotce.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
i follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
j crown, loose, 3%c; 3-crown. loose, 3c: 2-crown.
2%cli Ib; seedless sultanas, 3%@3%c; seedless
Muscatels, 2%@-.'3 /iC; three-crown I<ondon layers,
70c V box: clusters. *1 36@1 60: Dehesa clusters.
*2 10@2 26; imperial clusters, 92 6032 75; Dried
Grapes, ft Ib. . ... i l
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c: 3
crown, 3 Vic V Ib: 2-crown, 2%@3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c fl Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
Ijondon layers, 76@90c: clusters, 91 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, 92 60; Imperial clusters, 92 75;
Dried Grapes. — — .
NUTS— Walnuts are - quotab'e at 9@llo ft tb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c ft Ib for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 6®7%c ft tb for Languedoc
and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 5%
@7c for Eastern and 4%(55%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8C for
polished-. Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts. 9@loc ft
Ib: Coroanuts, 94 60@5 \\ 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ft Bi for
bright and B@9o ft tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@5%0 ft tt>; light amber ex
tracted, 4i/4a4%c- dark amber, 4c; dark, a<^3c.
BEKS\VaX-26@27%c ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— The market continues slow.
Bacon is quotable at 6c V B> for heavy. 7c %* Hi
for light medium, 9c ft Ib for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c "ft lb for sugar-cared: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, HVbc; California Hams. 10c lj» lb;
Mess Beef, $7 60@8; extra mess do. $8 60<$9; fam
ily Co, $10: extra prime Pork. $8 50@9; extra
clear, *l 4yt bbl: mess, *12 « bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c ft to. ; ...
LABD- Eastern, ' tierces is quoted at Gi,4c ft Ib
for compound and 6SAc for pure; palls, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6V4C tor compound and bV^c for
mire: half-bbls, 6 1 /t@6%c; 10- tb tins, 7Vic; do 5-lb,
78^0 ft Ib.
COTTOLENE— 6V4C<36% In tierces and 7@7s/ c
*lb in 10-11) tins. ■ ■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— No change to report.
Heavy salted steers, 7c; culls and brands, 6c <$ I
ib; medium. 6c ft lb: culls and brands. sc; light,
6c: culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, 6@5%c ** &>;
culls and brands. 4@4%c; salted Kip, 5c .ft ib;
salted Calf ' 7c: «».!u-a veal. 6c: dry Hides, -10c; ]
culls and brands, 8c ft tb; dry Kip and ' Veal, ■
B@9c; cnns. 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c: Goat- j
skins, 20<$35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
summer, 30c; medium, 15@26c: winter, 10(&15c;
sheepskins, shearlings, 10 15c each: short wool,
i:o(g,3&e each; medium, 40(g,50e each; lone wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about I^c less. -
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, SV4s3%c; No. 2,
3c: refined. 6%@5»4c: Grease. 2 Vic V Ib.
' WOOL— There is no business because there are '
no orders and the market is completely stagnant.
Valley Oregon, !'(sloi£c ft Ib: do lower grades, ■
B@9%c ft Ib: Spring Nevada, 6@9c ft Ib; San
Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4(<s6c: ,
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, ?@Bc; San ■
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4' >;><:: northern free, 7
@9c: do, defective, 6@6%c *?. &■
HOPs— Nominally 1%!j3,3c $ lb. These quota
tions tell the story.
GENERAL MGKCUANDIBR.
BAUS-CalcntU Grain Bags, spot. 94 15@4 20;
June-July delivery, 94 35; San Quenttn, 91 -0;
Wool Bags. 24%@26%c. .
COAL— Wellington, $8 ft ton: New Wellington,
$8 ft ton: Soutnfleld Wellington, $7 50 ft ton;
Seattle. 85 4 5 60; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend. 9ti 50; Scotch, 97 50: Brymbo, *7 60:
Cumberland. $13 50 In bulk and 816 in ska;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
97 60; Coke, 910 50 In balk and $12 60 ft ton in
sacks.
CANNED FRUITS— The market is in good
shape. New pack of Cherries, black or red
— 3-tb extra, $2 60 ft dozen; IVj standards,
$1 6&<a>'-': seconds. $1 65*1 85; White Cherries—
■Ib extra, $**« 60: 2%-lb standards, $1 OOfai
2 25. Peaches— Yellow free, gallon pi . $-ig,2 60;'
yellow cling. 2%-tt> standards, $1 "s@l 40: sec
onds, $1 10@l M); gallon pie, $2(gv.» 50; white
cliqg. - Vi-Ib standards, 91 25(31 45; Lemon clings
ara scarcer. . There are no Bartlett Pears left and
no Blackberries. No Apples but pie fruit left.
Apricots— 2%-tt> pie, 75@85c; ga'lon pie, $2ta,'! 25.
urapes— Gallon pie, $"@'£ 25. Raspberries— '.'Wlb
standards, $135^180: seconds, 91 30<31 55.
Strawberries— 2Wlb standards, $1 35@1 75: sec
ond «, $1 30@l 65.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c ft
dozen. 2^- Ib tins: Peas $1(&1 25 f> dozen.
COFFEE—
' Costa Rica— l9Vb@2o^£c for good to prime: 18
(319 c for good mixed with btack beans; 16 : ; i©
r7»4C for fair; lavi'i-lBVio for common to ordi
nary. ■ - ■ .
Salvador— lß V«@l9 Vic for good to ' prime
washed: 17V4(*18c for fair washed; 19'/i@2oc for
good washed peaborry; 17^s@17%c for superior
unwashed; 17c for good green unwashed; 19©
IWUjC for good 10 prime unwashed peaberrv.
Guatemala AND MEXICAN — 20Vi@21i.4c for
prime to strictly prime washed: 19(«.'i>c for good
to strictly good washed: 17i . 2 :< 4 r for fair
washed;. 16®17V4c for medium: 14^@15%cfor
ordinary; 12@14c for inferior to common; "Jo>4
(hi'Jlc for good to prime washed peaberry; 19<io
Hti „,■ for good unwashed peaborry.
1-i BU— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 100- Ib cases
quotable at 6c V Ib: 60- lb bundles, 6c ft Ib; Silver
King Strips. 8c ft Ib; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c ft Ib;
Tablets, 8c «4 Ib; seabright Blocks, 7Vic: Pacific
Herring, 18c V box; Dutch do, $I®l 25 ft keg;
White Fish, $1 50 In half-bbls and $1 76 in kits;
Tongue* and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
930; No. 2, $26: No. 3, K24; half-bbls— No. 1,
912 60: No. 2, $11; No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1, $2;
No. 2, $1 60; No. 3, 91 50.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at 933@36
ft flask.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 90c ft gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil In bbls, boiled. 48c; do raw, 46c: cases. 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-stratned, bbls, 61c;
No. 1, 51c; case* 6c higher; China Nut, 94 60@
4 80 > case, -
PETROLEUM AND GASOLINE— The Stan
dard Oil company quotes as follows: ■ Water
white Coal Oil, in bulk.- 12y a c; Pearl Oil, In
cases 19c; Astral, do, 19c: Star, do, 19c: Extra
Star oil, in cases, 23c: Elaine, do, 24c: Eocen ■, do,
21c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, H'»c:
do. In cases, 20c; 63° Deodorized Naphtha, In bulk,
IS Vie: 63* do, in cases, 19c; 86° Gasoline, in bulk,
20c: 86* do. In cases. 26c ft gal.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted lit 6V&C ft lb.
RED LEAD-Quotable at 6V»c * 0).
TURPENTINE— In cases, 42c; Iron barrels,
37c: wooden barrels. 89c ft aalloo. • -
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 oz, are
quotable at 9Vic; do, 14 oz, BVfcc; do, 12 oz, 7%c;
do, 10 oz, 7c; Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,-
Be. do, 14 oz. 7Vic: do 12 oz. 6Vic; do, 10 oz, sVic;
ParaOine Wax Candles, white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and
12s, 14 oz, 9c; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c
LEATHER — heavy Sole Is quotable at
28@28c fi lb; heavy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for No. 2; medium So 24@26c for No. 1 and
H2c ft Ib for No. 2, Light sole, 23@24c for No.
1, and2o@2^cf» Ib for No. 2; Harness, heavy, 30®
35c; do, medium, 28c: do, light, 24@25c; Rough
Leather 18@20c; Kips, $40@46 ?f doz; Calf,
70080 c: Rough splits. 4@sc.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all GVic: Dry Granulated, 5R/ B e;
Confectioners' A, SAc; Magnolia A. 6c: Extra
C, 41/gc; Golden C, -T»ic: half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes Vac more. :
SYKUP— in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
ft gal. ,■■■■-.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices show no change. The hot weather tends
to restrict killing. Wholesale rates for dressed
stock from slaughterers are as follows: .... 1
BEEF— First quality, 6@si/4C; second do, 4%@
45.4 C: third do, 3%@4c ft Ib.
VEAL— s@6c; small, 6@7c ft Ib. . - . .
' MUTTON— Wethers, . 6@6%c; Ewes. f4%®50f 4%®50
ft Ih. ■• -, _■ i ".'.■:"
LAMB— Lamb. 6@6%c ft *>•
1 PORK— Live Hogs, 3y a @3»4c ft Ib for large and
.*U'4(<i3* / 8 c for small and medium ; dressed do, 4%
febl/4C %« lb. ; • •. ■ ■ • ♦
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES, ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each: Redwood, 95 f* cord; Oak,
rough, 96 50; peeled, 90: Pine, 96 75: Railroad
Ties. 36c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45<&50c
for 7x9.
TANBARK-914 » cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, 913®
917 60 for the different lengths: No. 2, 911; No. 1
Flooring, 921@26; Lath, 92; Rtxlwood, 916 for
No. 1 aud»l3 for No. 2; Rustic, 9lß@23; Shingles,
common, fl 60; Shakes, *9 f* M.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCJB.
FOR 24 ROCKS.
noor. or. On 17.322 (.heew. ctia. 262
Wheat. eUs 1,761 Eggs, doz 10,710
Barley. ctU........ 13,402 Hides, no 464
Corn, ctls 323Pe1ta,Dd15..«...^. 150
Beans, (ka. 382,W00L bU. ......... K6
PotatOM, 5ka.....^ 1,633 Wine, gals 39,'J00
Oregon 352|Quicksllver, OasD 140
Onions, ska 1,360 Tallow, ctls .- 21
Bn.n. mts. „ 368 Raisins, bxs 600
Mlddlmo. ita..... 759 Chicory, bbls SO
Hay. ton*. 249: Lime, bbls m 81
Butter, ctls 868|
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. L. and Emma M. Calllson to Lange Invest
ment Company, lot on N line of Cari ttreet,
15X»:7i/4 W of Col«. W 26 by N 137:6: 910.
Sarah F. Lane to William C. Spencer (Trustee),
lot on NE corner of Twenty-third and Florida
streets. E 25 by X 104: $10.
Johanna Kurre to Alfred and Charles Herman,
lot on 8 line of Pacific street, 90 E of Taylor, E 24
by S 80 (trust deed).
Hallie Lane to W. F. Holden. undivided half of
lot on s i, ne of Bush street, 179:6 "W of Mason, W
25 by 8 75; grant.
Mary A. Bailey and Gcorze A. Berlon to Marie
K. K. Berton, lot on NW line of Market street.
" : Ji NE of Golden Gate avenue, NX 50, NW
80:10, S 12:8, W 13, S 25, W 21. SB 70; $10.
Charles 8. and Ada L. West to Elizabeth West,
L°j £1 S Une of Elll « street, 137:6 E of Larkin, E
68:9 by S 137:6: $10.
Kmilie Weisenborn to Alfred and Agnes Her
man, lot on NW line of Folsom street, 137:6 E of
fc-ignth, NE 25 by NW 160: also lot on SW corner
?L. som and Twenty-second streets, SB2by W
JXKJ; also lot on SE corner of Chestnut and Baker
streets, E 437:6 by 8 137:6; also lot on NW corner
of linker and chestnut streets, N 137:6 by E
1 87 :B: trust deed.
K. C. and Caroline K. De Boom to Charles F.
Brown, lot . in block 3, De Boom Tract; $500.
May somers to John J. Kyan, lot on SK line
°; Cnenery street, 25 NE of Mateo, NX 50 by SK
100, iienarie's subdi visions of block 9. Falrmount:
$5.
Joseph and Josephine Newman to Solomon fietz,
lot on NE corner of Persia avenue and Athens
street, NW 100 by NE 75, In block 84, Excelsior
Homestead, quitclaim deed; $1.
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel to same, same: flO.
Solomon, Dora, Kose and Bernhard Getz to Frans
\. Johnson, lot on Stt line of Vienna street. 250
>t> of Persia avenue, NX 25 by BE 100, in block
b4, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
ALAMEDA OOITXTY.
Manuel Francis to William Anderson. subdi
visions C and Dof lot 2, block 79 J, Watts Tract,
M«p 2, Oaicland; $100.
Jolsd Dunn to Mattie Dunn, lot on SW line of
Lake street, 60 NE from N corner of Lake street
and Brooklyn avenue. SE 117, HV 114. S%V 117,
SE 112 to beginning of lots 28 and 23, property
of Capital Homestead Association, East Oakland;
gift.
First National Bank of Oakland to C. M. and
Lena G. McGregor, lot 28, resubdivision of block
M, Roberts and WolfakiU Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Addle and Francis Dunlay to Anson S. Blake,
lot 15, block 6, Sea View lark, Berkeley: $10.
Eugenic McLaren to Mary McLaren, wife of
William, lots 1 and 23, block F, Daly Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Henry Moims et al., by Commissioner, to Mary
F. Barton, lot on XW corner of Central avenue
and High street, W 80 by N 174. being lot 1 and E
5 feet of lot 2, block A, aather <fc Robinson Tract,
Alamedu: $2869.
Susanna McKeon to Cornelius P. McKeon, lot on
E line of Grove street, 75 N of Ninth, N 25 by E
75, being lot 4, block 115, Oakland; $10.
Stephen R. and Kllen M. Andrews to James W.
and Lucy MaJsf, lot on W line of Madison .street,
50 S of sixth. W 25 by W 75, being lot 17, block 60.
Oakland: $HOOO.
Helen V. Wheeler to Eliza D. Bartlett, lot on S
line of Ninth street, 100 X of Harrison. E 26 by s
75, being the N 75 feet of lot 10, block 85, oak
land: $10.
Kliza 1). Bartlett to H. C. Arnest, lot on 8 line of
Ninth street, 100 E of Harrison, E 25 by S 75, be
ing the N 75 fee of lot 10, bio -k 85 subject to a
mortgage of $1000. Oakland; $10.
<:eorge R. and Mary L. Williams to Henrietta
Meily, lot on NW line of Ninth avenue, 100 XE
of East Heventf-onth street, NE 50. NW 150, SW
25, SE 35, SW 25, SE 115, to beginning, block 96,
Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
A. J. and Nancy Hmithson to M. E. Smlthson,
lot on SE line of Piedmont or Webster avepue.
57.12 SW of Monte Vista, BK 100, SW 56.J9, NW
100, NE 56 to beginning, Ming lots bl and 6-,
Fleamont Villa Tract, Oakland Township; also
lot on N line of Thirty-second street, 111.40 E of
Wast, N 49.14, E 453.b0, S 6-91, W 451.64 to be
ginning, block 1042, Rowland Tract, Oukland;
also lot on E line of Campbell stre«t, 28:3 s of
Fourteenth street, S 26 by E 104, being lot 15,
block 726 a, Oakland: also lot on « \V line of East
Seventeenth street, 100 NW of Fifth avenue, NW
60 by SW 120. block 81, Clinton, East Oakland;
also lot 2, block 2109, Alden Tract, Temescal,
Oakland Township, quitclaim deed ; $10,000.
Frederick and Frederiica Kuhnle to Clarke L.
Goddard, lot 7. block C, Parson's Golden Gate
Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Rev. William P. Kirby with frank Doyle, alter
ations and addl'ions to church on W side of Ma
sonic uvenue, 50 N of Page street, $1075; T. J.
Walsh, architect.
Bridget Locke with T. R. Bassett A Sons, all
work on a iwo-story building on E line of Church
street, 196 N Of Twemy.lhlrd, $2,800; J. T. Kidd,
architect.
Adblpb Defor with Alva R. Wllklns, alteration*
to building at 2918 Fillmore street, $2410; C
Wlustanley, architect.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in mining stocks was quiet during the
early part of the day and even, on the noon ses
sion sales were smaller than on the preceding day.
Prices were strong, however, and Chollar, Potosl,
Hale & Norcross and several other leading stocks
were a few cents higher than on Monday.
values were generally maintained on the after
noon call, with no excitement.
The close was steady. On the Bond Exchange
Market -st. Railroad declined t0 543%, being weak
ened by the current court examination. Ulant Pow
der advanced to $25 Vi-
The report from George J. Smith, superin
tendent of the Grant gold mine, Tuolumne
« ounly, states that tunnel No. 3 has advanced
live feet in dark blue quartz, carrying some free
KOld and a large percentage of sulphurets. Face
of tunnel is in quartz.
The Caledonia and Utah delinquent sales take
place to-day.
Private dispatches yesterday stated that the face
of the north drift on the 750 level of the Occidental
Consolidated mine continued to look well and that
there was a small Improvement In the face of the
south drift. They are preparing to sink the winze
In the ore recently found.
The report trom the superintendent of the Amalle
mine. Kern County, to the Gold Mining Exchange
states that improvement work is stendily progress
ing. Two new boilers are in place and shaft Is being
pnlnrged and new hoisting machinery Is on the way.
Mill is running steadily and ore now being treated
turns out about 10 percent concentrates that assay
$300 per ton. Ore from shaft at west end of claim
shows richer than any found elsewhere at same
depth. High-grade ore is also being taken out from
stopes above tunnel level.
Additional weekly reports from the Comstock
are as follows:
ocriDKNTAL— 550 level— The east crosscut from
the lower tunnel which is being run to connect
with the Edwards shaft Is now in 70 feet having
been extended 42 feet during the week: the face
of the crosscut is in porphyry from which there is
a strong flow of water. 660 level— West crosscut
2 which was started 25 feet south of the main
winze is In 300 feet having been extended 44 feet;
the face is in soft porphyry. 750 level— The north
drift from the west crosscut has been extended 17
feet, total length 68 feet, and b in ore assaying
$29 in gold. The east crosscut for the south drift
is In 24 feet, end is in low-grade ore.
In the Alia mine tne upraise from the south
drift, Keystone vein, BSO level, was carried up 7
feet during the week In quartz assaying $8 per ton;
total lioiaht 111' feet. The south drift in the east
vein was advanced 7 feet; total length 209 feet;
no change in formation. They have started ari
cast drift from the 725 station to prospect the East
Alta and Whitebead, two claims owned by the
Alta.
In the Opnir mine on the 1000 level, west cross
cut 1, 70 feet north of the Con. Cal. <fe Va. line,
is In 274 feet. The face is in porphyry, clay and
quartz, the latter assaying $1 per ton." West cross
cut 1 from the north drift, 230 feet south of
the Mexican line, Is In 409 feet. The face Is In a
similar formation. In the out Central tunnel work
ings of the Ophlr from the upraise started on the
north side of the crosscut running west from the
drift run northwesterly from the Mexican shaft,
56 feet above the sill floor of this level, at a point
19-i f et from the mouth of the crosscut, the aonth
drift has been extended 27 feet through porphyry
hikl quartz assaying $3 to $7 per ton: total length
37 feel. •
On the 900 level of the Union Consolidated mine
the south drift from the upraise 115 vertically
above the bill floor has been extended during the
week 23 feet: total, 28 feet; face iv porphyry and
seams oi quartz. The east crosscut 7, started at a
point 60 feet north from 6 east crosscut, was ad
vanced 24 feet; total length, 29 feet; face In hard
porphyry.
halk <fe Norcross— 9oo level; northwest drift
from station has been extended 18 feet; total
length, 52 feet; face in porphyry and clay. 975
I've l, 2 upraise— Have been working north on
the tenth and eleventh floor 3: also started to raise
for the twelfth floor. There is no change in the
ore streak in this upraise since date of last report.
No. X upraise— Have been working north on tifth,
sixth ;md seventh floors. The ore streak on these
floors is not looking as well as when last reported.
No. 4 uprnlsej-Havp. been working north on third
floor; aiso raised one set for fourth floor. The ore
streak looks bettei than that at date of lust report.
We ure retimboriiig north drift on this level ana
making o her ncressary repairs. 1100 level— lluve
been working north on the sill floor and second
floor In old tills, ironi which we continue extract
ing some ore or fi.i: quality. Have extracted from
our openings on the 975 and 1100 levels diir.ng
the week 53 cars of ore. assaying per mine car
sample: Gold, $19 55: silver, 21.38 ounces
per ton. For\vnr>l--d to Francisco otttce on the
3 9th lnsu by express 76 pounds crude bullion —
assay value $2(s2— heiug the final clean-up of
106V± tons, net, of ore reduced at Dazet mill in
May. We are now makinc a milling test on th«
ore telonginß to the company at Combination
shuft, extracted in 1886 from the 3000 and 3100
levels.
AtMMDitntt Pending.
Following Is a list of assessments no.v pending:
Company.
I iDellnqti
Na Amu in the , Sale Day.
Boarvl.
Caledonia.;.-:. .......
Crown 'P0int.;...;.. '
Occidental
Utah
Alpha
Poiost ...,..;
Mexican;.......;.;..
Savage .*.....'...;.;.
Overman .;.....:.;;".
Alta .■.:.;... ;.- '
Sliver King..........
46 OMUay 2.May
67 1:0 May IS. May
22 lOMay 3 May
2-' O&iMay 4, May
16 05 May 7 .June
45 'JO May 10 .June
54 '2O'MaylM'.June
89 SO .Jne I;. June
7b 10 .Jne 2 .June
62 101. Jne 4 June
14 25' .Jne 7 .July
27
* 28
' 28
27
'i
' 4
1-
-23
.25
.HO
14
BOARD SA&KOk
Following wer« tb* «als« In the San rranoiM* <
Blocic Board yesterday: -' ■ . . .
REGULAR MOKMKO SESSION COMUKXCtK(I'9 :30.
650 Alpha 28.400 Ch011ar. 2.85 100 0ph1r.... 1.90
300 ............30|S00 .... .....2.901200 0vrmn....19
100 .;.:.....;. 29,300 cc<tv... 3.004 50 P0t051. .1.55
1000 Alia 11 100 ..........3.05 300 ...... .V.1.60
100 Ande5. ...44300 C P0int.. .73,600 Savage.l.6s
100 43 200 ..„ ...72i150 Scorpion.. oß
400 8«cner...87 160 Exchqr.. 9|loo Seg 8....;23 i
100 ...:.. :„.. .. 100 G&C... 1.70350 S Nev..1.15
100 .;..;.„... .88 350 H«tN...3.15300Un10n...1.00
400 ..:.89 160 ........ "3.10 100 Utah;... .. 20
800 B & 8..1.60 500 L Wa5h....05 SOU V Jck1....67
200 :..... 1.66 260 Mxcan.l.l 5 500'...'.:r...V.66
300 Bullion. 6oo occldU-1.55 •
•, -.•-. , . ■ . I
AFTKHNOOX SESSION 1 — 2: 30.
200 Alpha 26450 Chollar..- i .65' 50 Mex....1.0b
200 27 250CC<feV...2.853000ccdt1...1.55
550 Belcber...B4|sooCon Im... 03(100 0ph1r.... 1.70
200 B <fc8.. 1.40700 Kxchqr...lO 50 0vrmn....16
150 l.«6il00 G <fc C..1.56|100 Ploneer.l 10
350 Bodie 70(350 1.501300 P0t05i. ..1.35
300 8u11i0n. ..27i550 H.EN. ..3.00500 8avage..1.45
100 26450 3.101500 S Nev..105
200 8u1wer...40 2UO 3.05|15« Union 94
200Ca1eda....;2 100 L Wash... os: loo Utah 19
400 -..13 200Mex....1.00 200 V Jackt..6O
100ChaUng...42, I
.Following were tn« sales in the Pacttto StooK
iojtrd yesterday:
BXOULAB BKSSIOX — 10:!?Ui
300 A1Dha.....27150 0 P0int.. .71(300 Occd .1.60
600 ...". 28 500 ....... ...67 250 1.60
300 Alt*. 13500 ...". 70 1000vrmn....21
1000 12 800Exchqr...l()200 18
550 Andes.. ..4o 100 U & C... 1.70 100 16
700 Belcher.. .Bs 200 1.65 450 Potosi..].so
200 87-/00 1.60,250 1.55
100 :..86 200 :.1%400 1.52%
200 84 550 .1.65 300 1.45
100 83450 H&N... 300 1.42%
100 ....80 160 ....... . 3.20400 1.47
50 8A8. ...1.45 100 ...3.17i, 2 bavage..l.6s
100 1.60100 3.071/- 100 1%
100 ........ .1.551150 ...... ....a05,a00 1.47%
100 1.52%200 ...:... 2.90 200 1.45
100 1.60 100 ..........2.85 300 58<tM....21
100 1.47% 100 ...3.02% 200 _..2S
500 Bullion... 50 2.95100 22
700 : 28100 Justice.. ..12J200 9 Nv.1.17%
300 Chollar.2.Bo 150 Mexn. ..1.15 500 .., 1.10
500 2.83300 1.17%i200 1.05
300 2.65 120 .'..1.10:100 Union CI.OO
350 2:761 100 1.0f.500 95
500 .........2.70250 0ph1r... 100 Utah IS
200 CC<feV..3.oo'2.;o ..-. 1.90100 Jacket. .7o
100 ..........2.95; 50 1.95100 .....66
460 Crwn Pt...72 250 1.82% 200 ~. ... 67
400.... 73100 1.80 200 62
100 741150 0cc1d.... 1-55 700 61
ArTF.BXOON SESSION— 2:3O.
100 Alpha 26,500 Caled 12 100 Mx1c.1.02V a
200 Andes 41 50 Ch11uge...46 100 1.05
100 Blchr HOI3OOCCV 2.85100 Mono 10
200 82|100C Point... Bo 150 0ph1r.. .1.70
300 B& 8.. 1.401400 64 800 Potosl.. 1.40
100 ~1»4 SO 70 600 1 45
200 Bodie 7U500 Exchqr...oß| 50 Savage.. l.so
400 8u11i0n... 28300 O4C ..1.65|100 58& M....20
200 27 200 UdtN ...2.90 300 Union ...93
60Ch0ur...2.75 100 2.85 100 Utah 19
200 5.70J250 3.00 350 V Jacket. .6o
460 2.80:300 Kentuck..O6 100 63
60 2.85 1 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, May 26 -4 p. k.
3i4.A*ktd.\ £id.Atk«d.
Alpha C0n..... 26 27 Jackson. „ 40 —
Alia „ 09 lOJnlia „ — 2o
Anae* -' 40 42"Justlo» MM 12 14
Belcher 83 84lKentucK. ..._ 06 08
Best <£ Balenes. 1.40 1.45' lady Wash.... 05 06
Benton(Jon.._ . 25 —Mexican 1.05 1.10
Bodle.. ......_ —i. 70 Mono ". ... — ; 11
Bullion ._ 25 27 Nevada Queen. — 05
Bnlwtr _ 33 40 Occidental..... 1.65 1.60
Caledonia...... 12 13 Ophir 1.75 1.80
Chollar 2.80 2.85 Overman ...... 17 18
Con. CaL 2.85 2.90 Potosl « 1.45 1.60
Challenge Ooa. 48 50>avrre 1.50 1.55
Con. Imperial. 03 04 S-eg. Belcher... 19 21
Confidence..... — 1.40 5c0rpi0n. ...... 09 —
Crown Point... 70 • 71Bllver Hi 11..... .06 07
tastSierra-Na* — .1)6 Sierra NevaOl. 1.00 1.05
Exchequae. 09 10; Union Coa 93 95
Could <fc Curry. 1.50 1.60 Utah 18 20
Hale * Korea. 3.00 3.05 Yellow Jaems. 63 63
GOLD MINING. EXCHANGE.
400 Amalle . 2 60 Mayflower
Champion ...^. Bid 100
Asked 28 00 . Providence
Edna Bid 60 00
Bid ■ 61 Asked 80 00
200 Grant.... 200 Savannah ..... 40
- Kennedy....... 300 42
Bid...'. 1000300 44
■ Keystone. ■ 500 45
Bid..: ..........65 00:500 46
300 Lock wood Con.. . 33 . 00 Sebaatopol 49
600 _. 34700 60
500 351200 Thorpe 70
" -300... 71
LOCAL SKCURITISS.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank , 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works 90
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 7 00
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water 98 50
Asked San Francisco Gas. 92 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
; ,:> . - TUESDAY, May 26 2 P.' K.
T7NITKII MAI .--i Bn.Vib
£irl A iked. Bid. A iked.
V 84ae0up. .108% — U 84a r0«... 109% -
Do. U...117 — ■"
MIBCKLLAW^xr, mvi,
Cal-«tCblesß. — 112iA'Do. 3d tss Bs. —.''—-•
lalElecL6s. — 123 1 „PA. ORy 6s. 105 120
CntraCWoa. 96y 3 98 !r<tChKv6s. — 107
Dpnt-st cx-cp 77 85 Pwl-at.RRBs. — 116- •>
EdsnLAP 6s. — 122% Reno. W-L&L — 105
F<tCHRR6s.IO4V^ — ißiver\VCoß« — 100
Gearv-stßss. 102%105 IsactoP & L.. - lo^y,
LosAngL6s. — 103 l dFANPRRSsIOI%IO2V*
Do,Gnted.6<i. - 103 !bPRRAriz6s - 98
Mkt-«tCble6sl23 — b^KKCalos.. 108^111
DoßyConSs.. 105 106 BPHR CalDs_ - —
NevCNijß7s. 95 105 tn'BrßCaldj. 991 a. —
NPCRR6S. - 108 KVWater3s..ll9 119%
NRy Cal 102 105 6VWater4s™ 98« A —
N Ity Col 65. . — . 100 StkLnU<&£Bj — 100
Oak (iv 55.. 100 104Vr BunstT&T6* 100 • — .
Do. 2d las ss. 10 4 s-4 106 suuur-stKsi.lU7Va — '
Omnibus 65.. 119V4 — V«aliaWC*» — 94 •
PudtoUMß*. — — I
• ... WATVR STOCK*. ' ■-".>■::■
Contra Costa 37 39 V&l San Jose 75 100
UartnCo.... 60 - |SprtngVaU«y 98% 98%
' CASbTOCKS.' "
Capital. 20 SO Pacific Light. 47 48
Central ps — Banrrancsoo 92 92*4
OakULAH. 62% 63- biocktoa.....— alv,
l-acUanlmn, 86 80^4 .
INSUKa.n cX HTOCKI.
FlremansFd.l6s — |Snn...^ 2ft 60
COMMBECUt BANK BTOCKI
AmirßATa — — (LondonPAA.l2B 129
/.ngio-Cal ... 81% — J Londoncfc3ff. — 271 A
BankofCaL. — 242% Merch Ex 12 —
CaISD&TCa. 6814 - Nevada _ — —
FlrstNaUonl.l7B 182% bather B 00. - — ■
iixansers.... — - — I t
«AVIX(H BISK ■«T^^K^.
G«rf»*LCO..l4ls 1600 Far t t Loan.. — ' 100
II nmbS&L. 1 100 1450 Security... ;.. — 260
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 750 - 800
fci Union — 485
- '.. . ■• STREET RAILROAD STOCKY
California.... — 110 |Oak.SL<&H«7 — 100
Ucary-5t..... — 62 'Presidio....... 6 • 7V«
Harkut-st..- 43% 44Viibatter-»u.... — —
. . • i I r ■'; ! kj\\ wajt STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 161/2 — iJudson — • —Vv
Eastern D... — 87 Giant. _. 25 26
California.... 75 — Ivigont. 700 1
• ■ MiHCiLi.ANjtm-s stociw. '
Alaska Pkri. 97 P9 OceanlcSSOo' — 24
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 FacAuxFA.. 1 _
CalCotMllU.. ' — — Pac Borax. >98 100
CalDrrDoclc — _ I'ac I&NCa — ' 80
Edison Light 117 117Vi!PacRoU MUI — — [
GasCouAsso. — — Part PalntCix 6Vi 7V*
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iFacTransOo. — . *4
HawC&SCa. 20V4 20%;PacT*TOa 65 70
HntchHPCa. 27 27V* KunsetTAT.. 41 — "
JudsouMfgU. — — iVniißdCG*. — 25
Her Assa 100 10 I
BALKS— HOr.XIXa SE&SIO*.
Board— •"■■..'■ : t. ".1
210 Hawaiian C0mmercia1............... 20 621/.
200 Hutchinson => P Co. ■. 37 25
4 8 F Gaslight.. o^ 00
Street—
48 Edison Light A Power C 0..'....; ' 117 00 '
40 Pacific Lighting •■•' 4700 -
$50008 V 6% Bonds 119 371*
96000 S F Branch Railway 80nd5..... .. 100 00
SALES— AFTKRNOOM SESSION-. '
Board— : .
5 Ellison Light. <& Power Co. 1..... 117 00
10 <itant Powder Con .; 25 60 ■
100 Hulchlnson S P Co. 27 00
In Mark.t-st Railway .".'" '■ 43 871^
, i Pacific Gas 1mp...; 86 00
10 I'aclfio Lighting. 47 00
* Street—
20 Hawaiian Commercial ... 20 621 A
26 Murket-st Hallway ...... ..:... • 44 00 ■
Similarity of Opinions
General Grant, while walking out in the
suburbs of "Washington, frequently met a
butcher driving a horse to which he took
a strong liking. After much negotiation
he bought the animal and had it taken
to his stable, where one day Senators
Conkling and Jones were invited to look
at the new purchase.
"Well, gentlemen, how do you like the
horse?" askea Grant, after the animal had
been inspected.
"How much did you give for him. Mr.
President?" asked Conkling.
"Four hundred dollars."
"I'd rather have $400 than the horse,"
rejoined Coiikling.
"That's what the butcher thought "
coolly remarked Grant, puffing out a cloud
of smoke; "put him back into the stable
John.
> ■»—•» — •
Some of the Parisian restaurants supply
camels' flesh to their patrons. ■ The meat
is white like veal, but tastes like beef.
Ihe Arabs consider the hump a delicacy.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
MO.
"• I
■
Iff.
Ba.,
Moon's Phases.
1
2
S
10
4
5
6
j 7,-
-8
9
Quarter.
May 4.
• i
- -
11
12
18
14
IB
16
©New Moon.
May 12.
—
I
17
ii
19
ao
21
22
23
/-V\ First Quarter^
May 19.
24
25
26
|§l
28
29
30
.
— -
f3\ Fall Moon.
v£/. May 26
31
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
' Branch HTOBOfIBJtPHIO Office, U. 8. N. •>
' • • ■ ~. MKBCHAKT3'. ExcHAXnit ' J-'*'
• -I±* '- l*i- 'Bass Francisco. May 26. 189«. )
The time . ball ■on Telegrapn . HUi . was dropped
*"*s? *' noon to-day— U c., at noon :of the 120 th
merldUn. or •xacUy.at 8 »c Greenwich tlma.
'.'. '■ ' •■■-■■;■ '••■'■ "' A. F. Fechtkleb, ' ■
IJeutenaac V. & M» la cliarga.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From Sao Franclseo.
BTKAMEB
| DESTINATION. |
SAIF».
I PIKB.
vy-eeou Eel Kiver May 27. »am Pier 13
Sunol :.. It; rays Harbor. May 27,12 i* Fieri!
EnreKa.... JKewoors ...... Maya?. «am Pier 11
Aruro. ..... loos U«v...... May2B.l»AW Pier 13
Columbia... Portland ...... May2B,II)AM Pier 21
City Sydney Panama....... Mavaß,l'2 v P MS3
...Sydney.. iM»y2B. 2pm Oceanic
8e1p1c. ...... Chlna& Japan May 2B, Bpm P M 3 3
Mexico....:, ban uieeo..... May29.llAji Pier 11
DmatlUa.... Vie & Pet Sml MayStf. Bam Pier'j
P0m0na..... anmooldtßa? May 29. 2r« Pier 9
»t Pau1..:... NewMcs ...... May3l.'9AM Pier 11
Kraplre Oregon ports.. Jne 1. Pieri:«
Orizaba...... a1eiic0........ Jne 2,10 am Pier 11
State or Cai Portlana Jne 2.10 am. Pier '.'4
Corona San Diego..... Jne 2,11 a« Pierll
f»raiion.\. S \ M ulna Bay.. Jne 2, spm Pier 13
CllvPuebla. I V.c & Put 1 Jne X !'am Plor 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer
KkoM
I
OP«
Cleone ...... Crescent City May 27
Bant&Kosa, Han i>ie«o- May 27
Mackinaw ...... Uroma May 28
San Bias.. Panama Hay 28
Pomona. .. Hnmboult Bay Mav2s
StPaul I Newport .V ..May 29
City or Kverett iNanaimo May.'9
Willamette Seattle May
City or PaeDla.. Victoria « Puses Sound . .May 30
KtateotCa:..... Portland.... .May.™
Empire Portland May HO
Fnrallon I Yaouliia Bay Ma 31
Crescent City. i Cresceuc City- Slay 31
Wpeott. Eel River Blav ;u
Corona San UleKO. May |
Arcata Portland Juno l
EureKa -.. Newport Jane 2
North Fort.... I Hnmboldtß«y June ■!
Araco coo» Bay June 3
Columbia Portlana -June 5
Acapulco Panama.... June 5
.Mexico • San Diego.... ..JTine24
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
C. 9. COAST ASS UF-ODKTIO StTRVET TlDlf)
BUI-LKTIN PUBIJSHKD BY OFFICIAL >
AUTHORITY OF THE bUPKRI^TJCSTDKifT. )
Wednesday May */7.
Sunrises 4.50] -Moon rises P»
Sunsets , 7.25|i100n sets
May— lß96.
> Time Feet JTinH Feet 'EllHl Feet Il^i Fe«
XL. M LH W - ■ b W H\V
27 6.07 -I.X 1.30 4.5 5.35 3.1 > 11.33 5.9
281 6.54-1.7 2.261 4.4! 6.36 3.2 ....:. .....
11 W Feet L, -\V Feet H W Feet L W Feet
29 0.17 - 5.'7 7.41 —1.5 3.21 4.5 7.24 3.3
30 1.04 5.4 8.27—1:2 4.13 4.6 8.31 3.3
81 1.57 4.6 9.11,-0.7 5.00 4,6| 9.48 3.2
Jl-NK.
1 3.02 4.31 9.34-0.1 5.381 4.8 11.10 2.8
2 4.18 3.7 10.38 0.5 i 6.14 4.-9
L W Ftet H W FeetiL W Fee^ H W Feet
3 0.28 2.5 5.3 a 3.5 11 27 I.o] 651 5.0
AOiic- In the aDove exposition of the tides the
*arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column Rives the last tide of the day. except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes tha
height, and then the number given Is subtractivs
from the depth civen by 'he charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
:.,". . Arrived.
TUESDAY, May 28.
Stmr Mexico, Jessen, 75 hours from Seattle;
1100 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkbam, 8% days from
Departure Bay : 3832 tons coal to R Dunsmuir <fc
Co. .. • • ■ • .... • - .
Stmr National City. Andresen, 49 hours from
San Dieso. via Cayucos 16 hours: pass and mdse,
to C A Hooper & Co. -
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, 10% days from Guay
mas and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall,
Perkins <& Co. . ♦
Schr American Girl, Weltskat, 13 days from
Seattle; Mft lumber, to S H Harmon Lum
ber Co. ....
Schr Daisy Rowe, Olsen, 3 days from Cooa
Bay: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
schr l-'ortuna, Rosicn. 48 hours from Eureka;
185 M ft lumber, to McKay &. Co.
richr Weofoot, - Donnelly, 8 days | from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, 20 hours from Flska
Mill: 100 eds wood, to R a GUbride & Co. .
Schr Lizzie Prien, Nelson, 7 days from Ne
halem 'River; lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber Co.
Cleared -
TUESDAY, May 26.
Sfmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro: Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Sailed.
. TUESDAY, May 28.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen, Eureka. '
. Stmr GipßV. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City. ' ' 7 '-'
Kchr Mary Etta, Wetzel; Collins Landing. s*-"is *-" i
S>chr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes. . : .
Schr Ocean Spray, Shipper, Iversens Landing.
Sc.hr Lily, Bottger. Umpqua. . .. .
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, Grays Harbor. i
Schr Cnas R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr O SI Kellogg. Iversen, Grays "Harbor.
Schr Orient, Mitchell, Willapa Harbor. .-■ '..•'<>
. . Charters.
The ship St John loads mdse for New York;
bark Melrose, lumber on the Sound for Santa Ro
salia. . .
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 26-10 a ic-Weathac
hazy: wind calm
•• Domestic ' Ports. ~ ■ : " -
EUREKA— Arrived May 26— Stmr Pomona, hnc
May 26. " • *>..•;.. ...
A VARRO — Arrived May 26— Stmr Point
Arena, hence May 25. " *
san PEDRO— Sailed May 25— Schr Louise, for
Umpqua.
ROCK PORT— Arrived May Stmr Scotia,
hence May 25. '•
sal— Arrived May Stmr Westport, hence
May 25. • ; ■ .• -. • . ••
NEWPORT— SaiIed May 26— Stmr Alcazar, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived May 26— Stmr Tillamook.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived May 25— Schr Gen
Banning for Port Harford. ,
ALBION— May 26— Schr Bessie K. hnc
May 23.
MONTEREY— SaiIed May 26— Schr Corinthian.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May Stmr Caspar,
hence May 25.
IVERSENS LANDING— SaiIed May 26— Schr
Arthur I, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed May 26— Haw gtmr San
Mateo. hence May 22, for Cornox; stmr Willamette
from Seattle, for San Francisco.'
PORT BLAKELEY'— SaiIed May 26— Bark Ma
tilda, for Honolulu: bktn Gleaner, for San Jose de
Guatemala.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 26-Bktn Skaeit
and schr Bangor, for San Pedro.
'. Foreign Ports.
KAHULUl— Arrived May 11— Schr John D Tal
lant, hence Apr 25. -■ ....
NEWCASTLE, NSW-SaUed Apr 20-Br bark
Carleton, for San Francisco. Apr 23— Br ship
Sprtnijburn, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 28— Bark Harvester, from Delagoa
Bay. . ,
ALGOA BAY— Sailed May 23— Br bark Cuplca.
for Portland. -•-,-»
HONGKONG— SaiIed May 26— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, for San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAY — Arrived May ' 24— Ship
Oriental, hence May 9.
PKAWLE POlNT— Passed May • 24-Br ship
Amazon, from London, for San Diego.
Movement- of Tran<>.V;l«iu<ii 4Ceatnar*.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 26— Stmr Waej
land, from Philadelphia and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 26— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from Glasgow: stmr Wes:ernland, from
Antwerp. ' .. .......
■ Sailed May 26— Strar Trave, for Bremen. -• . ". "
BREMERHAVEN-Arrived out May
Saale. . ,
•; NAPLES— Arrived out May 26-^Stmrßrauusch- '
wenr. . ■ ,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out May 26-Stmr
Teuton c
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out May 26-Stmr
Havel. - ..:■-■
[ I LIZARD— Parsed May 26— Stmr Spaarndam, fm
New York, for Rotterdam; stmr Edam, from New
York, for Amsterdam.
ISLE OF WIGHT-Pas3ed May 26— Stmr PatrU
from New York, for Hamburg.
Importation!.
LA PAZ— Per Orizaba— sl pk?s sulphurets, 26»
bdls hides, 3 bdls tish tins, 2 bdls deerskins, 2'J bxs
vegetables, 1 cs panoche.
Altata— loß4 sks sugar, 4 sks coin, 3 bars gold
bullion, 952 sks minerals, 20 bales TxUm.
MHzatlun— loo bags castor beans. 200 lags oil
cake, 122 baes gold ore, 46 b»cs metal, 6u5 baps
silver ore, 167 bills hides, 70 cs fl-ih, 1 bag gold
coin, 9 sks sulphurets 1 sk coin. 1 pig
gold coin and bunk notes. 87 barß stiver bullion, 8
bars silver nnd gold bullion, 118 sks mineral, 3
Dkcs gold bullion.
San Jose del Cabo— 9Bo bass sugar, 9 sks horns,
236 cs iomaioes. 1 sk shark fins, 6 pkgs shells.
Bahia Magiialena— 2 p^«s lumber. 110 turtles.
Ensenadn— 1 pkg sold dust, 1 bar gold bullion.
Santa Rosalia— loo green hides. 1 coil rope.
SAN DIEUO andCAYUCOS— Per National City
—68 sks bones, 5 tons iron.
EMPIRE CITY— Per Arago— 7so tons coal. 115
sks potatoes, 1 bbl 1 hf-bbl salmon, 12 bdls hides
1 bdl dry hides, 2 bdls sheepskins. 3 tubs butter.
Port Orford— t bxs butter, 1 bx mdse, 1 sealed
bag, 1 chest express.
Marshneid— 4 chests express, 5 sealed bacs 237
sks potatoes. 18 cs cheese. 89 tubs 20 oxs butter 4
bales flannels, 12 beef hides, 1 bale bear hides,' 1
bale sheepsKins, 1 cs hollowwure. 1 cs hardware'- a
cs books, 1 aDar, 7 M ft lumber.
Consignee*.
Per Arago— De Bernard! & Co; Root. Sanderson
Co; Hllmer, Bredhoff & Scbulz;w6lf A Son*™ X
olade Lumber Co: * and s? Woolen-mills- Hill*
Bros: C X Whitney & Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co"
Murray* Stelnhagen; WellsTFargo & Co; Lwliet
* Heiwig; Hoibrook. Merrill A Stetson; Ro's A
Hewlett- Dunham, Carrigan & Co: H Dutard- En-
Lo'u "hran Br s it '$ :i Mc^ o:lou^ & Kunyon; Thos
Loughran;b H Frank & Co; Getz Bros <t Co.
Fe%z?n" Co 1 ? ■ «^-Ch-iUrle,*Co: Pacific
St^rl r p"H a^ BelbySmeltln and I Lead Co; Geo
l^«!i r T^ ewbft!l & <-"<>•• W Loaiza i Co; R E
?,HfirM :I b G 111 1 BanK " of California; Anglo-
California Bank; C D * nnlt « & Co; L Gilson; san
* n.n °H Mln li? Co : Wells - Far «° * Co: Mattoon
ADanglada; Thannhauser & Co;. Candelarla Con
■ Mesicau Mining Co; Brown & Adams; A Paladinl:
I D apreckels <t Bros Co: Chas Titson: T Harmon
B F»p^oU C Co? ? r0?I J ° M «y erlnlt i ° ManaoaiLITTLE HELENA
WITHOUT A HOME,
An Unhappy Waif Deserted
by Her Thoughtless
Parents.
NO ONE TO TAKE HER IN
Suffering and Friendless, She Is
Carried From Place to
Place.
DENIED EVEN A LITTLE COT.
Was Left at the Children's Society
Office by an Unknown
Woman.
Oakiaitd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 26. f
One of the prettiest little girls, just six
teen months oM and seriously ill, was car
ried over half the county to-day in a vain
endeavor to find a place to lay its weary,
feverish head.
About 11 o'clock this morning a woman,
who refused to give her name, called at the
Children's Society office and left a lit
tle girl, whose name, she said, is Helena.
Mrs. Prescott, the agent of the society,
was in court at the time, or more questions
would have been asked. As it was, the
attendant took the child and its wardrobe
and kept them till the agent came home.
The story told by the woman is a little
too romantic to suit Mrs. Prescott and she
would like to know more. The woman
said that the little girl was sixteen months
old and her parents were unknown.
She said that some well-to-do people in
this city, whose names she refused to give,
had placed the child in her care, and as
sured her that they would take the neces
sary steps to adopt it. Until two weeks
ago the board bill of the baby had been
regularly paid, and it had been liberally
supplied! with clothes. This income sud
denly stopped, and the people assured the
girl's keeper that they had changed their
mind, and that they do not intend to
adopt it. As she had no means of com
pelling them to take it, and they no longer
paid for its keeping, she took it to the so
ciety, as she could not afford to keep it for
charity.
The examination of the little waif
snowed that it was seriously ill and needed
immediate attention.
The sad-looking little creature was not
only turned out into a cold world, but was
too Bick to be out of her bed, suffering in
tensely with tonsilitis and whooping
cough.
The Fabiola Hospital was asfced to take
her in until she was able to be placed tn
an orphan asylum. The contagious na- j
tare of both di-rases, however, prevented ,'
it. At lJr. Taylor's sanitarium she could
not be received for the same reason.
The little thing was taken to the Chabot
Hou-e, then out to the Children's Home
at Temescal and finally to the West Oak
land Home. At each of these places there
are numerous chiJdren and the matrons
dare not expose them to the risk of conta
gion, much as they would like to help sick
little Helena.
At 5 o'clock, after a hot day's work, Mrs.
Prescott took the child to the Receiving
Hospital hoping to get it in there as an
emergency case, if only for a day or two,
until some arrangements could be made.
It was thought that the unhappy little
rreature could be sent to the County In
rinuary, but little Helena could not be ad
mitted without a permit from Supervisor
Church.
The little child was not even privileged to
occupy one of the white cots of the hospi
tal, and while there it was seized with s
spasm of feverish coughing, and it was
necessary to telephone to Dr. Dunn to re
lieve the paroxysm. When the poor child
was made comiortable Mrs. Prescott gave
Helena shelter for the night beneath her
own roof, and to-morrow she will again
start out and try to find a place where the
unfortunate little waif can be accorded the
privilege of existing.
Charges Against Gardner.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 26.— Mayor
Davie created a mild sensation to-day at
the meeting of the Board of Works by
sending in a communication asking for
the dismissal of Charles Gardner, clerk to
the Chief of Police. The communication
stated that Gardner had signed the name
of Prison-keeper Barnett to some requisi
tions that had not been received. Gardner
will be given a chance to explain this
week.
Frogcatcher's Death.
OAKLAND.. Cal., May 26.— Antoine
Money, for many years in the employ of
Leou Faure, proprietor of the Hermitage,
as frogcatcner, is dead. Antoine was
missed for several days, and to-day his
room in a barn was broken into and he
was found dead. He was about 40 years
of age, a native of France and single.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alaineda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, May 26. j
Jhe temple of the Salvation Army on Eighth
street is to be scld. A little over eight years
ago it wm erected on land then owned by W
B. Hardy.
The Grand Jory la In session to-day investi
gating the Killing of May Quill and the alleeed
bribery in im attempt to fix the verdict of the
Coroner's jury.
County R.^corder Charles H. Spear to-day
filed an -appointment of Rod W. Church, his
predecessor in office, to the position of a Deputy
County Recorder.
The Boulevurd and Peralta Heights Improve
ment Associetlon will hold r fleeting to-mor
row evening at the headquarters, corner
Fifth avenue and East Eighteenth street.
The police have in custody one of the young
fellows who, it is believed, havo been commit
ting the recent burglaries in this city.
The young fello* gives the name of Frank
Brown.
F. C. Kohlmoos, a dealer in mantels and tiles
in this e;ty, has fi'.ed a petition in insolvency.
He owes #1852 150, with assets of $1008. He
claims $250 worth of household furniture in
Alameda as t-xem{>'.
Judge Greene has granted a release to
Blanche M. Burbmlt as administratrix of
the estate of her .on, William Martin IValk
erly. This closes the probate proceedings of
the estate of the lato millionaire, WaUerly.
The King's Jjaughters oi the Tenth avenue
Baptist Church will hold an "Evening with
the Roses" at their ehurcn on Friday evening
next. Among other features will be a grand
Chorus by eighty young voices.
The moonlight run by the Spalding Road
Club to Lake Te mescal last evening was a de
cidedly enjoyaoic affair. The nieht was as
clear as posbiblc, and the run was made by the
gentlemen at a very fair rate. The ladies'
V&rty took things more leisurely.
OUT FOR CONGRESS.
1 liouiiis Garrity Will Make a Fight for
the Democratic Nomi
nation
OAKLAND, Cal, May 26.— Thomas F.
Garrity, the attorney, announced to-day
that he 'v out for the Congressional nomi
nation from the Third Congressional
Democratic District Convention. He has
been quietly working for some time, but
since Councilman "Old Pard" Bassett an
nounced that be was intending to run as
an independent candidate Garrity has
made extra efforts.
Attorney Garrity is very popular in
Democratic circles and his vote two years
ago when he ran for District Attorney was
surprisingly large in this Republican
county. A politic combination would
probably have landed him a winner.
When asked about his candidacy to-day
Mr. Garrity said:
"I was not aware that the matter was
out- Some of my friends urged me to
allow my itanie to be used in that connec
tion, and I have consented. I have never
held any office, but have always been a
hard worker for tbe party, and as a young
man will be well supported by that por
tion if the party. I am now fully an
nounced as a candidate, and shall push
my claims until the nominations are
made."
BURIED WITH HONORS.
Funeral of Mrg. Captain Charles Nelson
Attended by Directors of the
Old People's Home.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 26.— Mrs. Metha
A. Nelson, wife of Captain Charles Nelson
and founder of the Crocker Old People's
Home in San Francisco, was buried from
tbe First Presbyterian Church this after
noon. There was a very large attendance
of her lifetime friends and associates in
charitable work. Mrs. Nelson was tbe
honorary president of the home, and up to
tne very last was an earnest worker in Its
behalf. Since her removal to Seminary
Park from rian Francisco she has not been
able to give so much time to it as for
merly.
Thee were present from the board of
lady managers Mrs. D. E. Friele, acting
president in the absence of Mrs. A. M.
Easton, the president, who is in Europe
at present, and Mesdames A. W. Scott,
M. R. Roberts. C. T. Deane, W. J. Sum
mers, W. H. Brown, J. B. W T arren, S.
Wenban, F. T. Norman, C. T. Lagercrantz
and A. Welterman. The board of trustees
were represented by Messrs. Charles F.
Hanlon, A. vV. Bcoit. E. B. Mastick, J.
Knowland and C. V. S. Gibbs.
Tup iuneral services were conducted by
the Rev. Dr. Jewell, the Rev. Mr. Farrand
of the Howard-street Presbyterian Church
of San Francisco, of which Mrs. Nelson
was a member, the Rev. Charles M Kel
vey, superintendent and chaplain of the
Old People's Home, and Rev. R. F. Coyle
of the First Presbyterian Church. Tbe
music was furnished by a quartet under
the direction of Ben Clark, consisting of
Miss Mary Sullivan, Mrs. Charles Dsck
man, Messrs. Ben Clark and H. A. Mel
vin. H. O. Hunt presided at the or an.
The sel ctions were "Rock of Ages,"
"Shall We Meet by the River" and
"Nearer, My God, to Thee."
The honorary pallbearers were: J.
Knowland. Captain A. C. Freese, Charles
F. Hanlon, C»ptain James Johnson, G.
W. Hazelton, J. F. Chapman, E. B. Mas
tick and A. W. Scott. The interment was
at Mountain View Cemetery.
M'LELLAN-BUSHNELL.
The Live* ot Two Well-Known and
Popular Young People United
in Wedlock.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 26.— The First
Congregational Church was crowded this
evening with the many fri nds of Miss
Edith May McLellan and Dr. George Ed
ward Bushnell to see them united in the
holy bonds of wedlock. T c great audito
rium had been elaborately and exquisitely
decorated with orange blossoms, fans and
smilax under the personal supervision of
Eduardo Tojetti, the artist. The music
was furni-hed by the San Francisco Press
Club Quartet, consisting of Messrs. Coffin
Tilden, Tucker and Ward.
There were twenty in the bridal party.
Miss Mabel Applegarth acted as maid of
honor. Thf tiower girls were little Misses
Marjory and Audrey Taylor of San Diego.
The bridesmaids were Miss Eugenic Hunt,
Miss Weir, Miss Lottie Elsie, Miss Ethel
White, Miss Champion and Miss Mabel
Alderson.
Robert Crane, avi uncle of the bride,
gave her away and Dr. Hultberg of San
Francisco acted as best man. The ushers
were J. H. Toler, G. G. Kenny, Dr. Me-
Kean, Dr. Berry and Dr. Smith. Rev.
William Rader of the Third Congrega
tional Churcn of San Francisco officiated.
Following the v/edding there was a re
ception tendered Mr. and Mrs. Bushnell
by the bride's mother on Eighth and Cas
tro streets. The bridal party was assisted
in receiving by Mrs. Mary L. Harrison,
Mrs. H. L. Burn, Mrs. George Faulkner,
Mrs. Ferdinand Meyer, Mrs. Fronia, Miss
Berna Harrison, Miss Amber Russell,
Miss Charlotte Weir, Miss Elizabeth Ham
bright and Miss Grace Richardson.
After a weeding trip the young couple
will reside in dan Francisco.
THEY WILL DECORATE.
I.yon Post "Will Remember Their Dead
Comrades as Individuals.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 26.— There has
been considerable interest manifested ac
to what part Lyon Post No. 6, G. A. R.,
now under a ninety day suspension sen
tence, would take in the approaching
Memorial day exercises in this city. The
title to the soldiers' plat is in their name,
but owing to their present situation they
can take no action as a G. A. R. post.
Several meetings have been held of the
members of the post at which the matter
has been considered, and they have now
agreed upon a course of action which they
make public in tbe following statement:
To the Membert of Lyon Post, Xo. 8 (suspended),
Lyon Relief Corpi, jVo. 6. and all ex-Union Sol
diers and Sailors: The undersigned, having
toeen duly appointed a committee to make
suitable arrangement for the observance of
Memorial day, hereby submit the following:
That, notwithstanding that our organization
is snspended by general order No. 11, which
prevents us from taking our proper place as an
organization in any street parade or G. A. E.
exercises on Memorial day, or any other day,
until the expiration of the period of suspen
sion, yet we deem it our sacred duty as mem
bers of the order to perform the services in
recognition of that day bo dear to our com
rades, in a simple and unostentatious manner
The members will therefore assemble at the
m«in entrance of Mountain View Cemetery at
9:30 a. m.. May 80, aud at 10 a. m. sharp will
proceed to the Lyon Post plat in the cemetery
and there perform the simple and impressive
duty we owe to our departed comrades. Our
Relief Corps and aU ex-Union soldiers and
sailors and patriotic citizens are invited to
participate in the ceremonies, which will be
in harmony and not in conflict with exercises
to follow by other organizations.
H. N. Richardson,
K. w . Woodward,
(i- W. HOOUET.
ENDEAVOR DOINGS.
Quarterly Conventions to Be Held
Next Month in Two
Churches.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 26.-The regular
midsummer conventions of the Alameda
County Christian Endeavor unions are to
be held the fore part of June and prepara
tions are now well under way.
The juniors will meet in the Union
street Presbyterian Church Friday, June
5, and have a 4 and 7:30 o'clock session.
County Superintendent Mrs. G. W.
Baxley is preparing a very helpful pro
gramme and hopes to see the church
crowded with the boys and of the
towns and cities on this side of the bay.
The older young people will hold their
convention a week later, Friday, June 12
in the First Baptist Church. A programme
of good features is being prepared, and it
is desired that every society in the county
shall be represented. There will be special
features of interest to society officers and
committees.
A big reception has been arranged for
Friday evening of this week to those who
attended the recent Stale Convention in
San Jose, to be given at the First Congre
cational Church. These receptions have
always been features in past years and
this promises to be no exception. All inter
ested in the work of the Endeavorers are
invited to attend.
THJE SAN FKAJS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
ALAMEDA WILL
BE AL FRESCO,
Open- Air Fete for the Benefit
of the Woman's
Exchange.
WHEELS WILL WHIE.
Under a Blaze of Electricity There
Is to Be a Gorgeous Out
pouring of Talent.
MAS YOU LIKE IT" IN THE AIR
Charitable Ladies Who Will Spare
No Effort to M .k • the Notable
Event a Success.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 25.— The greatest
public and social function ever held in
this city will be the floral ;>te given in the
grounds of Captain R. R. Thomson, High
THE LADIES WHO ARE INTERESTED IN THE FLORAL FETE.
street, Thursday and Friday, May 28 and
29, tinder the auspices of the Alameda
Woman's Exchange and Relief Society.
This society was incorporated Septem
ber, 1893. There is no capital stock and
no shares of stock, the whoie scheme
being to assist in all or any ways the de
serving poor, and by providing ways and
means for the sale and exchange of home
manufactured articles or other personal
property. None of the officers receive any
remuneration for their services.
The officers of the society are: Mrs. 8. A.
O'Neill^ president; Mrs. T. P. Winter, vice
president; Mrs. A. O. Gott, treasurer; and
Mrs. J. Rathgeb, secretary.
The coffers of the society being in a de
pleted condition and the suffering and
misery to be alleviated being on the in
crease, these ladies made a call on the
various churches in the city and they have
all responded with a hearty good will.
Every one in the city is anxious to help
forward the movement. The City Trus
tees gave the use of the council chamber
as a committee-room, the use of electric
wire and help to light the grounds.
The City Clerk, Ben F. Lamborn, has
offered to find and work the calcium lights
In connection with Friday nieM's per
formance. The Palace Hotel, San Fran r
•cioco, also lends the ten arc lamps to light
the grounds. William M. Rank supplies
the electricity.
The committees from the churches met
and decided to erect their own booths and
tents and decorate them, each church
using one particular flower for decorating
and vending only one class of eatables, so
that the tout ensemble may be unique,
ar d yet picturesque.
The grounds will be open each day at 11
a. m. and remain open till 4p. m. Lunch
will be served on the ground. Special at
tractions have been provided for each day.
Borne 500 tents will by to-morrow be erected at the picturesque grove of oaks at Buena Vista avenue and Walnut street in
Oakland, which has been chosen by the Seventh Day Adyentists of California as the site of their annual camp-meeting. Oakland is
one of the most important centers of the denomination ill the United States, and this meeting is expected to attract about 2000
visitors. There will be ten days sessions, commencing Thursday, and these will be participated in by prominent divines, laymen
and representatives of auxiliary bodies from the entire coast. Several notables from more distant parts are also expected. Re
ligious liberty is to be one of the leading themes of the concourse, and some very interesting papers on this important subject are
expected. Officers are also to be elected, and the State Sabbath-school Association, the State Tract and Missionary society, the
Healdsburg College, the St. Helena Sanitarium ana the Pacific Press of Oakland are all to receive consideration. Over seventy
churches, with 3,500 members, will be represented in the meeting.
On Thursday evening there will be a
monster bicycle lantern parade, in which
upward of 500 wheelmen and wheelwomen
are expected to take part. When the
parade and its followers have entered the
grounds a grand concert will be given
under the direction of Mrs. Baurhyt", and
at which all tbe national anthems of the
world will be sung by a chorus of 100 voices.
On Friday afternoon a half holiday has
been declared for the children of the
schools and special provision will be made
to entertain them. It is to be entirely a
children's afternoon.
To entice their elders on that afternoon
a junior bicycle floral parade leaving
Haight School at 2:30 o'clock has been
arranged. Every bicycle must be ridden
by children under 18 years of age. Silver
medals, Dicycle lanterns and other prizes
are to be given for the best decorated
wheel, to be awarded by a committee of
San Francisco ladies, who will occupy the
judge's stand at the corner of Oak street
and Central avenue. In tbe grounds there
will be a gigantic maypole dance in which
all of Professor Chapman's pupils are to
take part.
Then as a climax and a fitting conclu
sion to their arduous labors the evenine
attraction will consist of a representation
of Shakespeare's immortal comedy, "As
You Like It," rendered in the open air.
This will be romantic enough to suit the
most fastidious, and as the peforrmers are
no mere novices the rendition of the play
will not pall on the tastes of the critical.
The part of Rosalind will be taken by
Miss Elliot, who has already won honors
for the way she portrayed it at Sutro
Heights and Palo Alto. A host of visitors
are expected from San Francisco and Oak
land. To provide for their and other pa
trons' comforts arrangements have been
made for erecting a special sloping plat
form to contain 200 chairs, and behind
this a tier of raided seats.
Everything has beeii done to insure suc
cess, and its well-wishers now only trust
that the ladies may have their hearts'
desires. On Thursday morning at 9 o'clock
the following ladies will be on the
ground to receive eatables and provisions
for the various booths: Miss Spencer, Mrs.
Fox, Mrs. Goddard, Mrs. dishing and
Mrs. T. J. Tobin.
Mr*. Barotean's Lot.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 26.— 0n the cor
ner of Grand street and Itailroad avenue
there stands a house and fence projecting
on the avenue. It belongs to Mrs. Mary
Barotean and has long been an eyesore.
Twelve months ago a proposition was
made to the City Trustees to pay for their
removal, but they refuted to do
so, as they had no authority to spend
money in that direction. Now the matter
has been arranged by \V. H. Noy of Bay
street station. The work commenced yes
terday and the Southern Pacific Company
will foot the bill for the removal and im
provements, such as a stone sidewalk and
cement fence around Mrs. Harotean's lot.
Mrs. Barotean, on her part, as recited in
the deed, agrees to give to the Southern
Pacific Company, the right in perpetuity
to lay railway tracks past her house and
run trains thereon. The company holds
no franchise for the road from the city, its
contention being that the track is run on
its own private property.
More Electric Light Troubles.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 26.— The electric
light troubles are never ending. This
morning the City Treasurer refused to
honor the wnrrant for $2500 ordered to be
paid last ni,:'>: by the City Trustees to A.
L. Fish. It was to be the first pavmenton
account of work done. A. L. Fish feels
wratby as the City Attorney holds he is
fully entitled to his money. He will now
commence mandamus proceedings and in
stitute a suit for damages against the
Treasurer.
A. P. Leroux Dead.
ALAMEDA.May 26.— Amedee P. Leroux,
living at 922 Central avenue, was found
dead in his bed yesterday morning when
his son went to awaken him. An autopsy
held later by Drs. Keyes and Fischer re
vealed the complete ossification of the
heart valves. For the past twenty-six years
he had tilled the position of druggist at the
French Hospital in this city. His remains
will be interred in the French Cemetery.
MOSES WILL GO EAST,
To Dsliver a Course of Lectures
at the University of
Chicago.
Fifteen Other Professors Will Also
Give Courses Daring the
Summer.
BERKELEY, Cal, May 26.— Professor
Bernard Moses, head of the department of
history at the State University, will leave
next Thursday evening for the University
of Chicago, where he has been engaged to
give a course of lectures in his specialty,
extending through a period of six weeks.
Professor Moses is one of the sixteen pro
fessors who have been called from the va
rious institutions in Ameiica and Europe
to deliver courses of lectures during the
period extending from the early part of
June to the latter part of July.
The sessions of the University of Chi
cago being continuous throughout the
year, there is necessarily a gap to be
bridged over by some one from the outside
whenever a professor or an instructor takes*
his vacation. It is to supply one of these
vacancies that Professor Moses goes East.
In an interview to-day the professor
said: "I have been called to Chicago to
fill a vacancy made by one of the professors
in the history department who is taking
his vacation. I shall be one of sixteen
who have been called for the purpose of
supplying these vacancies. Tne regular
corps of instructors, in addition to those
called from the outside, will number
seventy-?even. Among those from other
institutions with whom I shall be associ
ated during niv stay of six weeks at Chi
cago will be President E. Benjamin An
drews of Brown University, Professor
Ladd of the department of philosophy at
i'ale, Professor Mafteo Pantaloeni of the
University of Naples, and Professor Flugel
of the phvsiologjcal department at Stan
ford. As for my own work there, I shall
give two regular courses in history, each
of which will be four hours a week. The
first course will be on 'Spanish Colonial
Institutions in America' and the second
on 'The History of the Unitoi States from
1789 to 1849, with Bpecial Reference to Ter
ritorial Interests.' '
On the first topic Professor Moses has
been delivering lectures at Berkeley foi
tne past three years. Last summer he
took a trip through Mejico and Central
America for the purpose of studying the
manners and customs of the people and
their principles of economics and general
legislation.
It will be remembered that on this fa
mous exploiting tour of the Berkeley pro
fessor a sprinkling of adventure was added
to his journey by being mistaken for a de
faulting Southern California bank cashier,
and by his being placed under arrest until
the suspicion was removed.
It has recently been reported in Berke-
Jey that Professor Moses has received over
tures from the University of Chicago to go
there as the professor of history. When
asked regarding this rumor Professor
Moses did not deny its being true, but
merely said: "I have no further eneage
ment than the one to lecture at the Uui
Auction Bales
PAVILION AUCTION BOUSE,
319-321 gutter St., Above Grant Are.
THIS DAY,
Wednesday .....May 27, 1896
At 11 O'ClOCk A. M.,
At 1008 Hyde St . bet. Pine & California
I WILL SELL THE
New, Elegant Furniture of 6 Rooms,
COMPBTSIXO ...
Elegant Odd Pieces of Parlor Upholstery, Odd
fancy Rock Elegant Pictures, 1 Fine Bed
Lou uge, cost «40: 1 Elegant oak Chamber Set
and Chiffonier to match. Elegant Elder-down
Comforters, Mission Blankets and Live tieese
Feather Pillows; Body Brussels Carpets through-
out the house; 1 Oatc Extension-table and Hand-
carved Sideboard to ma eh. 1 Oak Hat Rack. tie-
Kant Cut Glassware and Crockery-ware, 1 Water-
back Range and cooking Utensils.
Note— The above furniture has only been In use
six months and is In first-class condition. 1 would
respectfully call the attention of all buyers. Goods
will be sold without limit or reserve. Terms— Cash;
parties going East.
8. BASCH. Auctioneer.
ORIENTAL CHIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KEAKNY ST. ;\V;
THIS DAY.
Wednesday... May 27, 1896,
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex S. B. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu Satsuma,Awata,
Cloisonne, Btshue, Koch I, etc.. etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladies dally
attending the •ale'at 2p. m. Chairs for the ladies.
t\ T. KEF.LAR. Auctioneer.
ROYALJUCTM.
THIS DAY.
Wednesday May 27, 1896.
1148 Turk Street, Corner Buchanan.
Most Magnificent Parlor, Chamber and Dining-
room Furniture, Works of Art, etc
This is the most elegant residence sold at auc-
tion this year. '
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
. 19 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SllE_ OF HORSES.
/p£> fta> £w>
FRIDAY, - - - MAY 29, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. x., at
J. D. HORAN'S STOCKYARD,
Corner Tenth and Bryant Sts.,
VI WILL SKLL AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
SIXTY HEAD OF HORSES
Belonging to .T. T. CARKY of navlsville
ami L. M AKKK of San Lais Übispo.
■These are good serviceable horses- May be seen
at any time op to sale at Horan's Salesyard.
KILLIP A CO.,
Live-stock auctioneers,
20 Montgomery st.
500 FLAGS USED BY THE U.S. MY
-A.T AUCTION,
Thursday May «8, 1896
At 10:30 a. m..
914- BROAD . \Y, OAKLAND.
500 Bunting Flag* From 22x33 Feet to
Bx7 Feet.
Fine American Flags, Foreign Flags, Signal
Flags, Pennants, Union Jacks, etc., etc Elegant
chance for shipowners or decorators. Terms cash,
M. MARCUSI2, Auctioneer. 918 Broadway.
versity of Chicago during a short time
this summer."
New President of the Town Board.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 26.— Trustee
J. W. Richards of the Third Precinct was
re-electel president of the Board of Town
Trustees last night for the eosuing year.
He was elected some months ago to serve
the unexpired term of Reuben Rickard,
now deceased, who resigned.
A mass of routine business was then
transacted and President Richards sug
gested that action be taken looking to the
enactment of a law providing that public
meeting-Dlaces in Berkeley be provided
j with proper exits, and that rules be made
for protection acainst fire or panic in pub
| lie halls. The Fire and Water C niroittae
and Town Attorney were instructed to
prepare an ordinance covering the points.
A report was receive i from Health Offi
cer Rowell that a number of complaints
had been made to him regarding the con
dition of parts of the Seventh Ward. Dr.
Rowell stated that he had investigated the
localities complained of, and that San
Francisco street, between Virginia and
Jones, is in a bad condition. Upon his
recommendation, resolutions of intention
were filed to at once sewer Fifth street,
from Pat;e to Virginia.
A communication from Regent Rein
stein was read, asking that a stone side
walk be laid by the town, on the north
side of Center street, from Stanford place
to the university grounds. The matter
wat referred to the Street Superintendent.
Beacne Home Benefit.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 28.— A mass
meeting is to be held at Stiles Hall next
week for the benefit of the San Francisco
Rescue Home. The benefit was arranged
by Mrs. Howard of Oakland and Mrs. Ad
dison, Mrs. Haight, Mrs. Sadler and Mrs.
Fox of Berkeley, each of whom is working
to make the affair a success.
Blind Institute to Close.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 26.— The clos
ing public exercises of the California In
stitute for the Deaf and Dumb and Blind
will be held in the auditorium at the school
on Tuesday, April 9.
|]|^!|p-Wi^lMi I
1 lOfuffit"
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
Sk Br.jGibbon's Dispensary,
n 625 KEiEST ST.: Established
«In 1 83 1 for the treatment of Private
M Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
Jif disease wearing on body and mind and
■ Skin Diseases The doctor cures when
■ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
ua<'ni'rieiinr:inl< «•«!. Callorwrit*.
or. j, F. ut.iillOA, Box INT. Sao Francisco
GEO. F. LAMSOS, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 410 Kearny St.
THIS DAY.
Wednesday; May 27, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. v., on the premises,
884 Ellis Street, Near Van Ness Avenue,
: ....I WILL BELL »
The Elegant Furniture of Residence,
COMPRISING
Very Elegant Parlor Upholstery, Sofa, Divans,
Ladies' Kockers, Gents' Easy-chairs In richest bro- !
cade covers. Elegant Lace Curtains, Fine Paint-
ings, Alacuiflcent Ornaments, Parlor Cabinets,
Very Elegant Moquet Body Velvet and Body Brus-
sels Carpets. Handsome Bugs, 3 Magnificent East-
ern Chamber Suits with Plate Mirrors and Full-
dress i Bureaus, Kxtra White Hair Mattresses.
Best Pillows, Fine White Mission Blankets, Sheets
and Slips, Fine assortment Extra White Hoods,
1 Table Covers, Bedspreads,Bheets, Napkins, rowels,
1 Extra Size Walnut Chiffoniers, 1 Hatstand< Ele-
gant Hall and Stair Carpets, Dining-room Fur-
nished In Walnut, Fine Assortment in Cut-glass,
Silver-plated and China Ware, 1 First-class Im-
proved Richmond Range, Best Agateware, Patent
Kitchen Table, Garden Hose, etc.
Tkrms—
GEO. F. L.AMSON, Auctioneer.
CLOSII(I__T SALE.
M. J. SIMMONS AUCTION CO.. INC.
Salesroom, 1057 Market street, opp. Jones,
WILL SELL THIS DAY
(Wednesday), May 27, at 10 o'clock sharp, on the
premises, 106 Turk atnet, by order of W. J
Rogers, Esq., the lar?e and selected stock of Hard-
ware, Glassware, Crockery, Granlteware and Kit-
chen Utensils contained in the above store, com-
prising in part : Large assortment of China and
Crockery, large assortment of Glassware, 200
Granit- Pots (ail sizes and styles), SO Granite Ket-
tles and Coffee-pots, large assortment of new and
second-hand Tools and Hardware and in Iron and
Copper Pots, Baking Pans, try Pans. Boilers, Tubs
and Buckets, Bird Cages, Oil and Gas btoves.
Lamps, Cuspidors, Mantel Grates and Front*, Fix-
tures, Counters, Showcase, 1 No. 7, nearly new
Cook Range with water back,' and, In fact, every
article appertaining m a general variety stock.
H. 8. KOZMIMSKY, Auctioneer.
X. B.— The above will be sold In lots to suit par-
chasers. Terms cash, and all bills payable on the
premises. • ■
AUCTM_SALE !
THURSDAY, MAT 28, AT 11 O'CLOCK,
AT .
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.,
WE WILL SELL
50 Head of Broken and Unbroken Horses
From the J. D. ranch. Nevada. These are a fine
lot of all purpose horses and will positively be
sold without n« rvt> or llml*.
SULLIVAN 4 DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Office, 327 -ix,,. si.
- OCEAH STEAMSHIPS]
ASTORIA ANIPORTLMtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
i etate of California sails. ........ May 23 and June 3
Columbia sails ..............May 18 aid 23
From Bpear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 _. it
COODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl. Sapts.
If. i. COK24 08, General Agent,
•-'■>'- : 630 Market Mrm
wane coast steamship company
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &0.00
Second. Class. — »500
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office — 4 New Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC coast steamship compaji
STEAMERS WILL tsAiL PROM _ft__l_
Broadway wharf, baa Francisco, as jfiS
follows: . ■.
For Mary Island, Lorln*. Wrangel. Juneaa. KJi-
llsnoo ana Bltlca (Alaska), at « _.. m., May 14,
29, June 3. 13, 18, 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Tow»
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett; A naoortea and New
What com (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
May 4, 9. 14, 1», 24. 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltb
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. fi-
st Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) sir. 'Pomona, 2 p. v.. May 1, 5. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Han Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Hani*
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. v.. May
3, 7. 11, la, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m.. May 1, 5. 9. 13. 17, 21, 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter. . .
lor Knsenada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Pax. Altata and Quay mas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m., June 1, 27, ana 2Bthof each month there-
aft r. .
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Geni Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, fi«. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, |Tl •* :£>-
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. MONO WAI sails via HOSOLVLV and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, May 28,
»t 2 P. M. »»-»—■
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWM,
South Africa.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
lay, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
J. D. SPRECKKLB & BROS. CO., Agts^ '
. 114 Montgomery at.
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. -,
COBPAGSIE GENERAL TRA.\SATLA.!TI(|OB
■ French Lln«* to Havre.
/-IOMPAN Y'S PIER W),42 NORTH njtl
' \J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by 4JUHf
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ao4
the discomfort of crossing the channel a small
boat. New Yore to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pan*
firat-c4as3 $160: second-class, 911&
I. A TOURAINE, Capt. Santelli... .May S9L Ba. x
LA N0RMAND18....... May -'3, 8 a. It,'
LA GASCOONE .Ju c 'JO, 7 A. U.
LA HOB 'i.uN])lK,,,, n July 4. 6a. X. '
LA GAKJOONE July 25. 11 a. i
LA NORMANDIR.. August 1.6 a, K.
LA BOURGOOXE. Capt. Leboeal .June 6, 7 a. M .
M3~ For further particulars apply to
„ -. A. FORGET, Agent,
. . • =.tt^, No. 8 ». Bo ing Green. New York. '
S. FUQAZI <fc CO., Agent* 6 MontcoaMra
»veouo. San Francisco
WHITE _STAR USE.
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
I BKTWKKSI
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING • EVEKV WJiBK. '
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >*_«
Ing to steamer and accommodations mSsbk
selected ; second cabin, 36 and »40: Maje»uo and
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England,' Ire.
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark •
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
sail in? dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at ibe
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER,
] . ■ General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET' compar
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL yMft-
fortnightly for the West Indies and | S3flß
Southampton, calling en route, at Cerbourgh,
: France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
| Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas- •
ore to direct ports in England and Germany. ,
• Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth, .
Cherbourg, Southampton.. First class, $195; third'
; Class, 97 50. For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT & CO., Agents, .
• ■■-■■■•■•■■ 306 California at,
. STOCKTON STEAMERS
i Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 F. M. Daily.
Sunday at 7 P. Jkl.
! jO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMEKs:
! T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
lelephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and ImpU Co.
rULEJO, BARE ISLAND, *BE!!ICIA, POET
COSTA All CROCKETT.
.STB. MONTI CELLO,
\ Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:W a. »
I and 4r.m. : Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. Ml
Sunday— B p. it
•*.». M.only. - - - ".: • •*-• ••
Landing. Mission 1. Pier *.
1314
NOTICE. OF MEETINGS.
■Ss* MlsilON LODGE- NO. 169. F. m
ttt^^and A. M.-Called meeting THIS _!_,
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. lTjr
Third degree. By order of the W. si: r^r\
~^ * C. D. BUNKER. Secretary. .
S^3S=» MOUNT MORI All LODijE NO. m
ES— ' 44. F. and A. M.— Meeting THIS A,
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30^5113?
o'clock. Third decree. By order of ibo'^Sr >
■\V. M. THEO. FROL.ICH, Secretary.
j_S= CROCKETT LODGE NO. 189, F. •
\£^& and A. M.— Called meeting. THlS^e\_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 'JH?
o'clock. D. 2. By order of the W. M. / >^ r >
H. FO RT HI E DE, Secretary.
W Jgf THE- ODD FELLOWS OF -s__&2> '<
l^-sF San Francisco will vi ye n social, : §?'i?>ss<S=r
literary and musical entertainment at
Odd Fellows' Hall FRIDAY EVEN- -"wn^
ING, M«y 29, 1896. at which some of the successes
of Paderewski will be rendered by the eminent
piano virtuoso. Mr. Hugo Munsfeldt-
fg^S* FRANCO -AMERICAN <ss&aa*iJ~-
»— ' Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. F.-Otn- =|5235§fe
cers end members are requested to at- -:%j>Ss^"
tend the next meeting. THURSDAY, '-'
May 28, at BP. m. Nomination of officers for the
ensuing year. TH. SEHABIAGUE, N. O.
R. Lavione, Secretary^ __^ -■ ■■
tt^S' THE ODD FELLOWS OF <^^SjUiJ'
Sir-^ Sen Francisco will give » social
and a literary and musical entertain- : s§2>S*s!~
ment at Odd Fellow*' Hall, FRIDAY ■"»""•
EVENING, May 29, 1896, at which some of the
successes of Paderewski will i>e rend«red by the
eminent piano virtuoso, Mr. Hugo Mansfeldt. ;
ANDREW W. TURPIN, Secretary.
R^» A. O. H., DIVISION NO. I.— % i
»-*' Special meeting of the above dlvi-x^W
6ion will be held at Hibernla Hall, 120 <B\Vfl
Ninth street, THIS (WEDNESDAY).|^%jBa
EVENING, at 8 o'clock sharp, for flnarj-fl^r
settlement of our picnic. Ticket - holders will
please come prepared to make their final settle-
ment, as tickets will be charged on the books.
Those having claims against said division will
please present same. P. LYONS, President.
■ J. J. LASf, secretary. '
jjtrS= THIRTIETH GRAND AX- v *C 7 St.
lit-^ nual gaiherir.c and carries of the CjL tJkuu
Caledonian Club. Shell Mound Park, SR\X£>
Berkeley, SATURDAY, May 30. A
most interesting programme, including all ancient
Scottish feats of strength and skill and other ex-
citing new events. - A handsome banner will be
presented to tbe winning learn in the relay race
between the hieh school boys of San Francisco
«nd Oakland. Noted athletes from all parts of
America, as well as lads and lassies, will take part.
Coin to the amount of $3000. and other valuable
prizes will be distributed to the successful com-
.peiitors on the grounds. Music and dancing in
two large pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy your tickets for Shell Mound
Park. Admission— Adults 50c, children 25c.
D. R. McNEILL. Chief.
J. H. Du.vcan, Secretary.
15^55= OAKLANDSPIRITUALCONVENTION.
w*^ Hamilton Hall. cor. Thirteenth and Jeffer-
son sts.. Oakland, May 27, 2 aud 7 p. m. Lecture
by Hon. H. D. BASSETT of Washington D. C.
It^S* NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
Ef-^ ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896, at the hour of 11 a. m., at the office of the
company, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
toe purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPKECKELS. President. '
. W. S. Leakk. Secretary.
!-;.n Francisco. Cal., May 15, 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I^^^OfTk^VS c7^,3£efio^r~T'oC"~23s
E?-* 7 Kearny su. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
PBS 3 THE SCHOONER PILOT HAS ARRlV-
ur*& ed with a lot of fresh halibut: will retail
them at 5c per pound. Apply at Union-st. wharf.
R^§=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4 ;
E*-^ 7 collections mart", city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montjry St.. room 6. Tel. 5580.
situations HA.\TEI>-FEMALE.
"curst-class" seamstress and drkss-
-F maker desires situation: best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
IRST-CLASS|COOK, WHO UNDERSTANDS
1 all branches of cooking, desires situation; best
city references. MISS CULLEV , 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, GOOD COOK,
i'l wishes situation for housework; wages $12 to '
$16; best references- Apply to MRS. HIRD, 721 I
tMssu
T^OR FIRST-CLASS HELP OF ALL NATION-
X 1 alities ca'l, address or telephone MISS
HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
"|> EXPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
J t tion to do general housework; many years' ref-
erence. Address 364 Jessie St.
"yiiuxG WOMAN wants SITUATION to
X assist at housework in small American family;
good references, Call 846 Mission st. .
WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
housework. Address 12 Clara St.
13 ROTES fA N T~WOM NTS A SITUA-
X ;iou to do general housework In an American
family: Is a good cook and laundress; b?st of ref-
erences. Call or address Housework, 308 Fifth
s'., fiat 3.
ITDATION WANTED as NURSE OR to
O take care of invalid: wages $20 to «26. Ad-
dress or call, A. D.,929 Pine sU -
ADY . WANTS ~A* SITUATION AS HOUSE-
-1 keeper; city preferred. Address or apply 120
Geary st., room 15.
T?IRST-CLASS milliner WISHES POSI-
X I tion; references. Add. D. W.. box 89. Call.
WANTED— SITUATION BY MiDDLE-AGED
»» woman: is a pood cook and laundress; city or
country. Apply at 1000 Washington st. .
ADY FROM THE EAST WOULD LIKE A
position; either as managing housekeeper or j
governess. Call or address 137 Seventh St., room 1. I
/ i~ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR I
" -flight work or as housekeeper. Address G., box
128, Call Office. -
MART YOUNG GIRL, JUST FROM IRE-
O land. wishes a situation In private family. Call
at 37 Kv. retl st.
/COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK, IS NICE BA-
V; ker and laundress; ki d to children: city or
country ; wages $12 to $15. 749 Howard si.
■yoUNG LADY WOULD LIKE TO DO LIGHT
X housework; city or country. Address B. J.,
box 60, Call Office.
N AMERICAN girl WISHES to CARE j
XX for invalid lady ; do second work and sewing;
references. Address Nurse, box 45, Cal; Office.
AMERICAN GIRL WISHES TO Do GEN-
-." V eral housework and cooking in small family;
references. Address 0., box 47, Call Office.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES PLACE TO AS-
sisi In housework and to care for children. Ad-
dress 3108 Sixteenth St. • . •
/COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
VJ for general housework. 3323 Twentieth st.
"fro uncTgirl WANTS SITUATION to DO
X light housework. 337 Dore st., off Bryant, bet.
Ninth ana Tenth. .
' \\/ OMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS A BITUA-
* 1 tion: city or country; is good cook and will
do general housework or will work by the day.
Apply 221 Minna. . . ■'
RELIABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
X\> for general housework: city or country; good
cook; references. Cull for R. 8., 615 Eighth St..
Oakland. ,;-.,. :.-„,•■: .
V FIRST-CLASS FITTER, STYLISH
er and designer, thorough dressmaker, by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove at. .-.
VOUSG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by the day washing, ironing and cleaning.
2014 Hyde su, near Union. •
EBMAN LADY. WITH CHILD 6 YEARS
VX old, wants position as housekeeper or do
housework; is experienced and cood sewer; refer-
ence given; wage* $20. Call at 3550 . Twenty-
second St., cor. of Cbattenooga, city.
PjßEssmaker WOULD LIKE wokk BY
XAthe day or take sewing home; reasonable-
references. 219 Golden Gate aye.
WEDIrtH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
general housework in small family. Call 414
Tenth st. ■
L~~ ADY STENOGRAPHER WISHES A POSl-
'.ion in a mercantile house. Address L. S., box
&_, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRLS • WISH PLACES
to do general < housework. Call or - address 45
Sacramento Bt.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE"
X day, sewing or housecleAni ng. Audress H. >'..
tox 99, Call.
W OMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK OR W'A-H-
-'• Ing few hours daily. Apply 909 Jackson st.,
lower fiat, bet. Mason and Powell, any, lime.
YOUNG LADY RECENTLY - FROM. THE
X East desires p!»in sowing and mend by the
day. Room 8. 472 St-.-veuson sU
VOUKO COLORED GIRL WISHES TO DO
1- light lionsework. Apply st 618 Powell st., la
rear of church, \ ■ . •
EXPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER WISHES
XJ piecework or depositions; law, theatrical aud
business work, or will accept work by tlie day or
week: reasonable terms perfect work.' Call or ad-
dress MISS M., room 6, 4-0 Montgomery st. r- ■
DKF.SSMAKEK WISHES WORK BY THE
X^ day in families; term* $1 per day; good fit and
finish. Address AIKB. K. M., 1)17 Pacific si.
V OUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACK AS HOUS&
X keeper: is good cook. 28 Seventh St., room 36.
/ OO K W A N TB A SITUATION FOR THE
V- country; bakes good bread, 1301 San Clara
aye., Aiameda. _.
VTEAT JtCXPERIENCKD GERMAN GIRL
Xi . wishes position as first-class cook or house-
keeper in private family. Address K. X.. Call Of-
fice, Oakland. - •-. '?4BQMSSHSMSMtSI
O~LUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
\J uishes best help for every posliion in one hour.
128 Fourth st.: telephone black 1353. .
G""e"RM" a"n~"kM PLO'yMENT OFFICE- BKST
help secured. MUS. LAMBERT, 300" Mason.
"\T> INCHES EX HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. HR.
it. MarKet: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
. $1 60 tos6 per week; 'convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. • -.- ■
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALK.
pOLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
n!^hes best help for every position in one hour.
128 Fourth St.; telephone, black. 1353.
SITUATIONS TVAMKD-Continued.
UNTiiR <t CO., CHINESE AND^J APANESE
employinenl office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
T APANESE~ INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
tl Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice; best help. 41 4 V 2 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
HINESE ' AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
C. <i. CCOK'S SI)C. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches :shcrt notice. ".4»"earv. tel. Grant 4i
W. JTM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
J office ; best help. 3148 Sutter: .el. (i rain 30.
S~~TRONG JAPANESE MAN WANTS A POSl-
tion in wholesale store: has best reference in
city ; good driver. G. S,, box 72, Call Office.
VOUXG MAN WANTS A SITUATION TO
X drive a milk wagon; has had experience and
knows rity well. Address M. W., box 102. Call.
VOUXG MAN. 26, DESIRES POSITION IN
X law office: had eight months' experience. T. L.
R.. Y. M. C. A.
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN MAN
as servant or porter; likes to work; understands
care of fine norses. GKUiSCHEE, 330 Kearny.
OBE R, INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN.
handy with tool.'-, who speaks German, English,
Portuguese and Spanish, wishes position of any
kind. Address M. X., bOx 56, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WISHES WORK OF ANY
X kind; best references. Address G. B. C. box
14, Call Office.
OUSE CARPENTER, GOOD WORKMAN,
wants steady job. city or country: can take
charge of work. Address H. C, box 108, Call
office.
ANTED— SITUATION TO LOOK AFTKR
invalid gentlemen or as valet; first-class ref-
erences given. Address W. R., box 74. Call Office.
YOUNG MAN, AGE 21, WANTS SITUaTIOK
X in city office work or traveling Address T. L..
box 135. Call Oflice.
T"i"rst-clasr frenchman wants sitca-
i tlon as bedmaker: has good reference. Call or
address 621 Pacific st-
AKER FOREMAN WISHES TO TAKE
charge of shop, city or country. Address Baker,
box 141, Call Office.
i»T ANTKD BY STRONG YOUNG MAN-PO-
" sitlon In a wholesale house or with a shipping
or commission firm; not afraid of hard work. Ad-
dress s. M., box 161. Call Office.
COACHMAN— SITUATION WANTED; UN-
derstands thoroughly the care or horses, cows,
garden, etc.; also careful driver: city or country;
reference. Address C. D., box 99, Call.
THIRST-CLASS HARTENDEK WISHES POSI-
-T tion in a saloon or liquor-store; references. P.
R., 1309 Stockton st.
p erman"~competent coachman and
VJT gardener wishes situation; can milk; makes
himself generally useful; has good references.
Address M. W., 223 Stevenson st.
A^oTJNCi MAX rTkd MAN. COMPOSITOR,
X speaking und wriiinsr English and German,
wltta small amount of money, wants position; is
no: afraid :o change his trade. Address Composi-
tor, Oakland Call Office.
ARRIED MA~n7 FRENCH, POLISHED IN
manners and obliginx, wants a situation as
coachman. but!>r, Me., around gentleman's ptaoa;
can lurnish highest recommendations. Address
A. R. R., 420 Devisadero St.
\\' INDOW-WASHING AND ROOM-SWKEP-
»» Ing by day, hour or piece work. Address
JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210y» larkin St., rear.
1? IPX B I KNCED WINEMAKER AND CEI7
Xj larman ((iernian), for the past 10 years lore-
mao in lurpe California wineries, with first-class
reference*, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1. Call Office, Los Angeles.
AiUHAlttiiST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
\J charre of orchard, vines, stock and general
farming: 15years'Californlaexperience; Al refer-
ences. Address Ranch, SI2V4 Fulton st.
AN AND WIFE-PRIVATE PLACE OR
gentlemen's club: man undrrstands care of
horses, cattie, grounds and indoor »or» ; wife com-
petent cook and housekeeper: Eastern people.
Address E. P., box 141, this office.
OOD CARPENTER AND GENERAL ME-
chanic wishes steady employment; best refer-
ences. Address C. !>., box 136, this office.
BUTLER (GERMAN) WA^fTS POSITION;
best city references. Address G. D^ box 99,
Call Office.
OTELOR RANCH MANAGER— MAN AND
wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public In-
stitution or other property in Southern California;
Inru'e experience in handling help. Manager,
P. > •. box 22 1 7. San Francisco.
A\'INCH¥ST"ER~HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
• * Mark«i— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggace to and from the fcrrj-.
T\7 INCIIKSTER HOUSE, 44""THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggaseio and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK FOR SMALL MOUNTAIN RESORT,
$25; 2 waitresses, country hotels, $20: 2 first- j
class ' Ironers, city laundry: ironer for country j
laundry, $20: Kins for housework, city and coun-
try, $15 and $20. C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110
Geary st
"Tg nes fkolger, THE cook, and ANNIE
-** BKRGSTROM, the chambermaid, please re-
port. CR. HANSEN * CO.. 110 Geary st. I
HOUSEWORK GIRL, SANTA CRUZ, $20;
Alamedn, $25: Placer County. $15. and other
towns: 20 housework girls, city. $.0 and $25; 6
young girls, assist, $10 to sl6. Miss CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
pERMAN woman WITH a child, $20.
Ij MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
OMAN ITH'A CHILD, $20. MISS CUL- |
>' lex, 323 Sutter st. __^
HOUSE WORK GIRL. $16, SLEEP HOME.
MISS CULLKN, »23 Sutter st.
I A UNDRESS. $25; (SEAMSTRESS, $26: SEC-
- ond girl, country, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
/CHAMBERMAID AND SEAMSTRESS, $20;
\J German nursery governess. $25; laundress
and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter.
WANTED-LAtNDRESS PRIVATE FAM-
'» 11y,523; waitress and parlormaid, $25; cham-
bermaid and seamstress, $20. see lady here at 10:30
to-day: cook, institution, $30; 3 cooks, hotel and
restaurant, $25 and $30; 3 waitresses, hotel, etc..
$20, and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 312 Sutler st. ■ ■
\\; ANTED— SWEDISH- GIRL FOR HOUSE-
•»' work, small family. $25; Infants' nurse, $25;
3 French girls for housework, $-5, $20 and $15:
German or French cook for small boarding-house.
$30. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. '
Young'""" WOMAN TO- assist COOKING,
X small country restaurant, $20 and room: ranch
cooks, $20 and $25; .German or Scandinavian
second girl, $20: young girl, chamberwork and
waiting, near city, «15. MURRAY <fe READY,
b34 Clay at. . f
G" OOD COOK, JEWISH FAMILY, $25: GEK-
man girl, general housework. $.0 to $25: gen-
eral housework girl, good cook. $20. Apply MISS
HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST. 4 . IN FAMILY.
X £12: also girl, general housework, $15 to $18
Apply MISS HICKKY. 1033 Post st,
SECOND 15IRL AND SEAMSTKE-.8, $25~ : '
waitress, hotel, $20; 2 second girls, $.0: mid-
dle-aged woman, cbamberwork. $10: . 6 house
girls, 320 to $25: 4 girls, country, $16 to $20. Ap-
ply 315 Butter st. .
O COOKS. $25 AND $30: WAITRESS, $20: 5
<-< girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 721 Ellis st.
TjMRST- CLASS COOK (GERMAN PRE-
X; ferred), 10 to 14 boarders, kitchen work only,
$25: also young neat waitress to assist In highly
respectable restaurant, $15. J. P. JOHNSTON &
CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland, v
~ A ITRESS FOR SPRINGS, $20. HOTEL
V> GAZETTE, 4-0 Kearny st. . ... -
WOMAN* OR GOOD i HOME WITH WIDOW-
cr; small wages. 12 Chnrnbnsco, nr. Thirtieth.
"V OUNG. GIRL to ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
J work: moderate wages; good home. Apply
41260 Twentieth si., nr. Castro.
■VOOXG GIRL FORGENERAL HOUSEWORK;
X family 2; references: wages $15. Call 9to 12.
1229b Ellis st. . ' .- ;..:.■•'•-..
tJeIHaBLK LADY TO TAKE CHARGE OF
Xt business office in : Oakland. J. F. D., box 1
Call Office. . - ; . '"•'
ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR GEN- \
VJ.eral housework: small family. 29 Bartlettnt. j
GOOD PANTS ~ finishers, WORK by
piece; also an operator. 1018 Howard si. ;
VTURSK TO CARE FOR CHILDREN IN
XI suburbs of Oakland: wages $15. Call at Safe
Deposit building, room 416.
\\ r ANTED— STRONG WOMAN FOR CUE \N-
'» tng; must speak German and live In the
neighborhood of North Beach. Address E. box
10. Call Office. • :- ■■■:'■.
GOMPETKNTCHAMKKRMAID AT NORTH
Beach Hotel; wages $20. 400 Bay st.
G~l IRL To ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK. 2322
r Folsom «v ' i
Y OU - NG GIRL TO ASSIST TAKING CARE OF
X child 4 years of age. 1605 Gough st.
FOR COUNTRY HOUSEWORK. $15-
-r no cooking. 509 K"arny st., room 8.
| W OMAN TO DO MUSH LING. GOLDEN
Gate Dye. Works, 342 McAllister st. '.
p IRL OR BOY TO WORK IN RESTAURANT!
' VJT , 131 Third st. *- ■-'■■- t - ■•■, • ... . i./ *
U. ANTKD-TA STEADY •, WORK-
»» German girl, housework, $15. 3 In family-
waitress for hotel, $20. Columbia, 128 Fourth st!
L LV " WOMAN FOR LIGHT HOUSF'-
work; small wages: good home; German pre-"
ferred, ware-store, 3007 Sixteenth st.
T>ASTRY COOK, $757 ROOM, ETC. • MARTIN'S
,'X Employment Agency, 749 Market st. •
■ WANTED— WOM AN . TO WORK IN THE
kitchen at 13n Polk St. *«*■
VT SAT HE WEBS ON SUIT& APPLY, 8
IN only. 118 McAllister su .- . ' M, 1 "
i\\r ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST IS CARE OF
W children.? 738 Ell is su-
GI RL FOR . light HOUSEWORK. ■ apply
1066 Noe bu. near Twenty -fourth.
THIRST-CLASS: PRESSER. PHCENIX DYE
JJ Works. 315 Guerrero su.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
HELP WANTED-Contlnnad.
T7»rNISHER9 ON PANTS: CALL READY TO
_ work. 1286 East Fourteenth St., East Oakland.
mAILORKSS~ON VESTS; ..also BUTTON-
-1 bole maker. 8 Howard court. -, . - . ,
WANTED- NEAT GIRL FOR LIGHTHOUSE-
»» work ; $3 per mouth. 126V 2 Capp st.
A GENTS .WANTED FOB "I EM I NX" A WO-
-A man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
clinic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia st. i For women
and children free consultations from 2 to 4.
OAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street. .
PKLIABLE- girl for general HOUSE-
XV work in small family. 1113% Treat aye.
/GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. 604 McAllister st.
WANTED — GERMAN GIRL; GENERAL
housework in small family; good place. 2222
Fifteenth st. : Castro car.
ADV. AGENTS: NEW INVENTION; CUT-
-i ting dresses taught 1 hour; rights for sale. 605
Fell bU , , --. ,
A PPRENTICES-SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
x_. Tues. in dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OMESTIC SEWING MACHINE, IN PER-
fect order; $16: day and evening. 1559 Market.
ANTED— COO\B, ""WAITRESSES, SEAM-
. stress, cashiers, nurses, laundry-gins. Come ax
once and get a good position COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st. -■■■•.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
<>X Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDRES.IING, 26c AND 35c; MORNING
and eve classes: lOlessons,? 1 60. 1248 Mission.
T\RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 218 Powell st.
MALE Hill WANTED.^
FRENCH CHEF, WHO understands
Spanish cooking; $100. C. R. HAKSEN <_
CO., 110 Geary sU .
SECOND COOK, RESTAURANT, $60: BROIL-
er, hotel, $40; starcher, country laundry, $10 a
week. C. R. HaNSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
REDWOOD - TIE MAKERS; 6 SWAMPERS
for the woods, s26 and board ; 3 road-makers for
the woods; 6 farmers, near city, $20. C. R. HAN-
BEN «fc CO., 110 Geary st. ' ■ .-' >■ .
V OUTH WHO LIVES WITH HIS PARENTS
X to tend soda-fountain; $7 a week to start. C.
R. HANBEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
THIRST-CLASS SHAVER HAND, BAND-
X? sawyer and scroll - sawyer. M. HANSON _;
CO., King Planlng-mllls, 231 King st.
DELIVERY DRIVER FOR COUN-
try store, $.0; bookkeeper, $20 and found, for
a country grocery-store, middle-aged man; middle-
need man for a private family, city. $12 to $16.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. ■
C LABORERS, $20 AND FOUND, FOR A
*) laree company, city. MURRAY A READY,
654 and 636 > lay st.
Oft REDWOOD-TIE MAKERS, 8c AND 10c
— U each. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. ■
Oil LABORERS FOR SAWMILLS AND
_JV» woods for a large company; no experience
required: sieadyjob. MURRAY <_ READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
Oa haymakers, farmers, ORCHARD
— ''' and vineyard hands: 2 hay-derrick forkcrs:
3 farmers, $26 and found: laborer for quarry,'
$1 7* a day; stableman for city, 2 teamsters, $26.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 (lay St.
5 MILKERS, S BUTTER-MA KK.RS, 2 CHORE-
boys. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
AITKR AND WIKK, MAN AS WAITER,
" wife as chambermaid. $40 and found: 3 cooks,
$30 to $65; 2 waiters, $25: 8 dishwashers: cook
and wife. $30: waiter-boys, $16. MURRAY <fc
READY, 63-4 and 630 Clay st.
-)>i MEN TO DIG DITCHES, ETC., $20 AND
— \J found: for a large company. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
\\* ANTED- FAKMKK AN~D WIFE TO TAKE
»» charge of coumry place, $30 to $35; sheep-
herder. $15; waiter, plain restaurant, $5 a ween.
I- ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
1 A RAILROAD LABORERS, LONG JOB, $20
XVf and board; 2 miners, $50 and board; gar-
dener, $30; 2 plow hands, $16; head waiter, coun-
try hotel, $30; waiter, country Hotel, $30; ranch
teaniiter and wife, $35. K. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 Clay st.
Ur ANTED— JOBBING BLACKSMITH AND
" shoer, $2 50 day and found ; Swiss milker, $25;
farmer and wife, $.^0: American farmer, $25:
daiiyman, $30: 6-horse teamster. $30: tiemakers;
restaurant cook, $40: night cook, $50: conk for
miners; man and wife, country kitchen, $45, and
others. Apply to J. F. CR. iSETT 4 CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
Of; MEN TO PEEL TANBAKK, ALSO MAN
and wife, $36. etc.; 5 ranch hands. $1 per
day, board, etc.; head baKer, $15 per w.ek. MaK-
TI N'< Employment Agency , 749 Marxet st.
ft ERMAN OR SWEDISH MAN TOMIi.K AND
vJT work on a ranch. $25. Miss CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
T»' ANTED - TEAMSTER"; FARMHAND%
»' miner*, butchers, salesmen, barbers, waiters,
cooks, canvassers: always openings; call at once.
COLUMBIA, 128 Fourth st.
l\r AITER. COUNTY RESOKT; $30: HOTEL
TT GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
VyAN'l ED-^FfRsT-X-LASS WAGON BLACK-
"• smltn for heavy work: eood wapes to good
man. Apply to H. P.. sell I NDLER, 130 Spear.
XjT ANTKD— BOY TO RUN ERRANDS. 246
"" Clementina st.
WANTED - FIRBT-CLASB COATMAKER^
»» steady work. 121 Sutter su
WANTED— AN ERRAND-BOY. 121 SUTTER
• » street.
GOOD YOUNG BUTCHER. 19051 POINT
Lobos aye.
TVUKST-CLASS PANTS AND VEST MAKER;
X bring sample. 616 Geary st.
pOATMAKEII TO WORK INSIDE; APPLY
\J early. 954 Mission st., near Sixth.
ANTED-MAN EXPERIENCED IN CON-
cr ;te work to undertake a job of about $1000,
in exchange for 160-acre ranch in Napa County.
Address 410 Kearny st., room 10.
WANTED— YOU^ C; <;IRI. TO DO GENERAL
housework: wages $20. House east side school-
bouse, Golden Gate, Alameda County.
A PPRENTICE, HaIR-DREsTTino, MANI-
xV curing and beauty parlors; permanent. 181
Poatst., room 20.
"TUNISnERS ON CUSTOM-COATS. 441 NA-
X tomast.
AITEK WANTED, $26^ 115% POWELL
street.
U'ANTRD-BOY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
»» in plumbing. Call 7o'clock. 623 Davis st.
\\T ANTED-YOUNG MAN TO LEARN BAR-
'» her trade. Inquire 107^ Fifth st.
'TVAILO RWANTED. 834 HOWARD ST. "
OOD TAILOR WANTED FOR BUSHELING.
625 Commercial st.
WANTED- A FIRST-CLASS COATMAKER-
" 202 McAllister si.
QHOFTs"HbT'FOK SALE: GOOD LOCATION-
-0 cheap rent. Apply Call Office.
3~I>73oI)~T7IVELY i -.\ I : CENTERS; SHOUT
country job; $« 50 per day; 9 hours- apply
early. Room 5. 330 McAllister" st.
i\T ANTED "— "IsHOEMAKcR, $5 A WiiEK,
«» board and room ; mau 23 years old, salesman
in stationery aud cutlery, experienced. Columbia
128 Fourth St.
TWO ITaRBF.RS; STEADY WORK. 809T4
Howard st.. nt-nr second.
WANTED— C.OO"d~Ba"rBER; BTEADY JOB.
»» 22 Montgomery aye.
T3Trst~class shirt- polishers and
F markers wanted at once. Sun Laundry, 764
Seventh St., Oaklund.
PHOTOO RAPEKR~ WHO UNDERSTANDS
X all part; of the business: none but- good work-
men need apply. Coiiovk Gallery, cor. Park and
banta Clara aye., Alameds.
I~MMKDIATEL"y^2O MEN. FRUIT-PICKING;
1 15 housework girls. 921 .Broadway, room 10,
Oakland.
QOLICITOR WANTED. GOLDEN GATE DYE
O Works, 342 McAllls erst.
KiT ANTEIJ- VJEAI.Y MAN TO IXJOK AFTER
'' office, handle cash, etc.; duties easily learned-
experience not necessary: capital required, $175.
GEORGE STEWART, 602 Markel st.
ANTED-STEA DV MAN A 8 PARTNER IN
paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
caj^_^l_NSTON 1 26i/s Kearny si.
W ANTED-STKAITS ~MA~nTXigHT WORK;
»» salary *15 per week to start; must have $100
cash. 777 Market st., room 7.
Shin- writer7~wlth~small capital.
can buy a weU-enlnblished show-card and sign-
business. Address S.. box 37. Call oflice..
SOLICITOR J-'nK TAKING CONTRACTS FOR
ready roofing, building-paper, rooting- paint, etc..
Is wanted. Apply at once to U. S. Industn.il
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
tfBUSH ELMEN WANTED. 541 MARKET
O street.
ANTED — GENTS* FURNISHING AND
fancy goods salesman. Address MILES, box
36. Call.
~\ BSISTANT FORTgENKRaLOFFICE WORK,
T\. with chance for advancement; fsuO cash be-
enrity and r -forences; lady with typewriter pre-
ferred. Address C. R.. box 73. 1 his'oOlcc.
\\f ANTED"— A SOBER MAN WHO~SPKAKS
»» (iei man. understands talcing care of a couple
of horses and wagon, and make hiuist If useful In
lhej»tore. Address E. A., box 74, this office.
BARBERS-3 CHAIRS; BARBER-SHOP OF
U years' standing; must »-c sold: cheap;
owner leaves city. 502 Montgomery nve.
--CEXT REDS; ALL CLEAN. O. It t KKNCii
O Hospital, Brvant St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
TTaTTb ers^good Tr shop and
•' batiis; a bargain ; must be sold. DECKEL-
MAN BROS., 10» Ellis st.
SEFUL~~m"aN WITH $150: SPLENDID
chance: $60 per month guaranteed. JAMEs.
box 26, Call.
I J AXIS E li-S H OP7"I6o"sPI^N DI D~ CH ANCET
I-> i:o rent: *150. STOLTZ. 630 Market U.
waldo "ho'useT 766 airssioTv, bet.
' 3d aud 4lh — single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50::'.veek.$l to $V 50; reaillns-room;strlctest at-
I teniion to morning callB;clean;quiet: open all night
_ - HELP WANTED— Continued.
if) ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT » CALL BEC-
XJ re'.arv Barbers' A sso- 325 Grant are. S. FUCHS.
L> ABBESS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. fc.MPLO*-
__menu_s«c'y, P. c. Kamann. 238y^O'FarrelL
OHOEMAKERWANTEFON MEN'S PEGGED
yj shoes. £02 Fifth St.
"pENS!ON»-J. H. SUEPARD & CO., THE OLD
-L reliable attorneys. 1068 East sixteenth su,
Oakland, Cal.
BEST PLACE IN THE~CITY FOR 3ECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $8: ladie.s', gents' and children's misfit aud
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
EJ-CHO "HOUSE, 863 V* MARKET ST.—
Kooin3 20c, 26c. to 50c night; $1 to $S week.
JCST OPENED- CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price. sc,
10c, 15c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms.
V*. r antedHfor~~the united states
'» Marine Corps, U. S. nav>-. able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: Riving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world ou board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Ottice, 20 Ellis St., San Frauclsco,
Cal.
GIALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60: I
/ half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth. j
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOB-
din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
X\T INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
»» Market ; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-'
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EB. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST. _OT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
WANTED— MEN T<> LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber school, 1616 Howard.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OP
"" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN A fO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
pLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
VJ acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, teL m. 353.
BEST IN CITY— SING" E ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 225 DrummsU ' '
IV ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
*' ers&clerka. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
\j ARBERS' PROTECTIViS UNION EMPLOY-
J-> inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
VV ANTED-uABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms; 2&o per night; $1 to $3 per week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
■I 1 sts. ; single furnished rms 76c week, 15c nigbu
MEN'S 1/rSOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opn. Palace Hotel.
I||A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, l&C
1 ' 'VI and 20c a night, Including coffee and roils.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
WK ARE •SHOE- DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' T your old shoe* and make them as good as new, 1
and with our new machines we can do your work
nt one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st-, between First and Second sts.
M : EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it. : - ' J '
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly dew. 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
1/<REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c:
X 1 also a bottl tof !as:<T, 6c, at 637 Clay St.
nVKY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BK-
-1 iow Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. •
"Ur ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1 j
** v»ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week; j
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st- ■-'■
AGENTS WANTED.
f CANVASSEUSrSTTO $7 A ~DiAYr~ROOM
X - 305. 927 Market St.. 9 to 12 A. m.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED "HOUSEKEEPING " ROOMS;
complete: Mission preferred. W.. box 4. Call
■ PROPERTY WANTED.
W^^A^E^D^E^T^A^C^olc^TujfTMTß^vljD
»T Pacific Heights lots, 2 or more, suitable for
building. In exchange for $12,000, nearly new
marinr-view residence. Address P. D., box 114,
Call Office. |
MONEY WANTED.
PARTY WOULD LIKE TO BORROW $650 ON
X good collateral security. Address F.. box 37,
Call. '
• WANTED-MISCELLA.MiOUS.
S"~TReTt~H ANr^ORG^ANT^M U~ST r B^Loi r D
and cheap. Address Organ, box 3. Call Office. I
HIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
IV ANTED— NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
" must be a total-adder and in good condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this office.
IV ANTED — SKCOND - HAND NATIONAL
*» cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office.
ELL YOUR" BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrr 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sum St.: bend post—.
DENTISTS.
Ir<IRST-CLABS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 600 Sutter st., corner Powell.
R. U T. l RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
rThjMET) E NTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
teg 95; fin inns frm $1; extracting .">i>r, wltti gas 91,
ON EST "WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
I good as can be made: fllllnu $1. Dr. SIMMS,
(leutlsi. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
I \R. LIDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
U near Eleventh: no charge for extracilng whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
I^ULL Mil 1 OF TKfIH, $7; WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 sixth St.
et of teeth without a plate, dk h.
<j. YOUNG, 1841 Polk 81.
I\R GEOKGE W. LEEK. THK GENUINE
XJ l.eek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bAdge work or teecn
without any plate, moved from 6 to !*0 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS iXI KM TION. 60cl LKUWS
X Lridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 ve»rj
experience. R. I^. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815-% Geary.
I )R. II H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BKIIKiS-
i-J work a socially; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80«» MAK-
ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. OOLDBN
Gate aye.— Open eveclnsv Sundays till noon.
A LL WdRK~"RE'ASONABLE~AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J W KEY 1X22 Market st.
HOUSES.
AUCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby stables, 645
i. ; eury, cor. l-eaveiiwor:h. every Tuesday at 11
o'clock. C. R. MARTIN, proprietor; S. WAT-
KINs, auctioneer.
VTICE BLACK SADDLE HORSE FOR BALE.
-H Gllmore Bros.' stable, Twelfth and Mission sts.
tOR SALE-Tso HEAD"— OF GOOD YOUNG
workhorses. 420 Valencia St. J. D. FOR-
RESTER, Salesman.
IvAA SXT NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
K/XjXt ness; all kinds: bnggy.wasron, carts, surrey
<fc rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Al\ UOKBES Foil SALE; ALSO WAGONsT
'" bugcles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade llont
Market. 327 Sixth it.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PAKTUKF.D; SEND KOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
1 SEJ'S NEW A.NL' SECOND-HANI) HAR-
itJXJ bmb: all kinds; wacons, busuies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission su
DR. C. H. WKSTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
geon for S. F. Police Department. <Jfßco aril
husplt.-.1. i-.»i i ity HaKave.: telephone south 401.
WAGOXS ANl> CAKKIAtiKS.
CiootT waoon, horse harm^
sinmblo for peddlinc. 141S Alabama st.
QXIIOHTIIY si »I LED DRIV'HO GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
\ T KWAXD SECON P-H AND BAKERS', LAUN"-
. dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine bu^tl.-s. HJB Harrison st.
t.VKI'KT CLKAXIMi.
GREAT If Ad 1 ISBN atKAii CABW6T CUBA*
Ing Works. Tel. So. 576: 14 Bth su B. Übamt.
TO N EH cil CAKPKl 1 - CLEANING AND
O renovating workw. Main office 36 and 27 Bth.
CARPETS CLKANKU, Bo A YARD-. LAID 9*
Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth si.
\\T HE N YOU BJCCOMB DISOUBTBD WITH
»» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
P*t Beating Works, 353-67 Tehamn su ; tei. So. 40
/"^ON XLK LI N s"ijARPKT F-KATING w"6"rlcS. 333
\J Pol den Gato aye.: telephone east 126.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
IUig, Bt^Bth. STEVKNa. mgr. TeU foazh 25a
TTEEat western stbam c-Jkpkt-beat-
v-» Inework.i; latest iniprovc-<l machinery, 3c yarX
O. OEOKGE.ofllce 11 Eighth St.: phone Jessie 253.
( ARi ' lß ''"» «JLiSAI«KD^ AND KENOVATKO
\-' like new. PEROUSOK <t CO. 23Teuth; t?U
2£ n l h _^-_J^MACKINTOSH <feCO.. succesgon.
JE. MITCIiKLLCARPKFcITEANING CO n 240
. 14th st. ; cjeanlug 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
I" McQUEKN i sT IARPKT1 ARPKT BKATIKO AND REN-
O . ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: Ml. south 22&
PERSONALS.
P»UY YOUR DRESS GOODS, TABLE .LINEN, j
J ' lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, bedspreads, etc,,
very cheap at Pioneer Dry Goods More, 105 Fifth. !
SUITS TO .ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO i
guaranteed c. parties,' $15 upward. ' Cut-rate
Talorlug Company, 117 Market St., bet 7th and BUI.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
dally; private: no chart;* unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a:- *
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market it
T am NOT, SECOND CLASS. as MY. PRICE
X (25c) for hair-dressing might lead • some people
to believe; I employ nine of the best artists in the
city: uon't mistake the place. . 11l Stockton st., G.
LhDr. XXX. : -j- 1 » • ■■- ■' - ' - - ' fl
VAPOR AND ELECTRIC : BATHS FOR
Rheumatism, Sciatica, Constipation, Obesity.
637 Turk st. , ' .* J
EO. W. PHELPS. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW72IS
Sansome su, room 4. 1
AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE,. 2Sc; : SHAM-
" poo. ■ 25c; manicure, 25c: o lessons. ; MRS.'
BUTLER, 131 Post St.. room 20.
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X4o,46Mxth st; children's school hats sc: dyed,
pressed 25c.; nats trimmed 25c: feathers curled 6c !
LJBEUAL ADVANCES ON IiJAMUKUS, JH.W- |
elry, etc. : lowest rate*. 18 Market st. I
SPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER CO., MERCHANT
._ Tailors, Spreckel* building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
TRUNKS MOVED, 26 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. '
1()OO CARDS, $160; SHOW CARDS, 16c;
XUUU Ml. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
a air Wash : cures scalp diseases: take no other.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 26 cents. : . .. . ;
AT THE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS.YOU
■TV can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHIIiD'a. 213-215 Mason st- ; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
XJ Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
» dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
TJAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partlngton, K.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST.. NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge worn.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY' 132
Geary, rerr.cved from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class Unndry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTTcoN SHOW KVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
LOAKS. CAPES ANI> HUIT-S RETAILED AT
* J nifra' cose. Faclor - -M Ktnwmn m iip^t^irv
DKKSSMLARKKS. \
A~\ A TAYLOR— ELEGANT STYLISH SUITS,
"-L" $5 up: dresses made over.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. • 505*4 Natoma St., above Sixth.
-' CXAIKVOYANTS.
A A
50 cts and $I— socts and $I—so eta and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE I* POWISB,"
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All I
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Bust-
ness, speculation, investments insurance, love,
courtship., marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
'1 hey locate mines and buried treasures, find lost !
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure Dad
habits and destroy evil Influences in half tha
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the'
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the. eminent professors in San Francisco.
. Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6r. m.
Letters containing stamps answer**:!. •
PROFS. EUGENE <fc VAN DE VERE,
' . . 1728 Market st.
DO NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L.
. Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives correct Information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites the separated and causes a speed r mar-
riage with the one of your choice: tetters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy st. hours 9to 9.
SYRA, THE WORLD'S RENOWNED INDE-
pendent slate-wrltlng medium: known through-
out Europe and ■ America as the mystic wonder;
If deceived by fakirs come to Syra: have you
trouble? do you need advice? Syra tells just what
you want to know: mediums developed: hours, ;
10 a. m. to sp. a. 1008% Market st., parlors 1
and 2.
ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST.. NEAR
Sixth: wonderful power; advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.: tells of
friends and enemies; 9 to 8, also Sunday. .
O1 jr ELLIS ST.— PROF. AND MME. HALE, j
OX occult scientist, palmistry and clairvoyants; '
names given: 9 to 9: also Sunday.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU- j
ture, 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth. '
VI ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
i'X erby egc* and cards; tells entire life, past, '
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth- :
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im- |
possible fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post st.. nr. Larkin.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, - card- reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
VI ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
lil past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. EXODIUS, CLAIRVOYANT. RE-
moved to 1003 Mission st., near corner Sixth.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY':
■IX tips on races; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth.
MRS. ALLEN, TEST * BUSINESS MEDIUM,
mental * magnetic healer. 620 Market, r. 20.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLB FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell eU 
VPSY .. LIrE-READER; LADIES, 25c;
1 gents, 60c ; readings dally except Sun. j 6 7th.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
.the world: 60c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
VI M E. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
I'l erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
RETURNED, -WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past, |
present and future: prices moderate.'- 858 Mission-'
- : _ ___________
MRS. DR. MUANDAS, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM, j
physician; guarantees satisfaction; love, busi-
ness; removes evil influences : her Revealed Medi-
cines care all diseases; sittings $1 : 10 to 8 p. v.
1206 Market st.
TOHN SLATER, TEBT SEANCE TO-NJGHT
• it at 8 o'cloc sharp, at Mozart Hall, 1358 Market
St.; admission 16 cents.
M "OTHER SADIE: materializing SE-
ance to-day, 12 o'clock m. . 685 Polk St.; 60c.
MRS. KATE HOPKINS, TRANCE AND BUSI-
-ness medium: sittings dally: $1; circles Tues-
day evening, 25 cents. 136 Oak st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium:' Kit tines $1. 218 Stockton su
I.OST.
LOST, AT OLD CATHEDRAL, SUNDAY
evening, lady's black cape. Return to 312
California st.
OST— MAY 25 BY MAIL-CARRIER SMALL
package letters in vicinity steiner and McAl-
lister sts.: liberal reward. Return to general de-
livery, main postomce.
j OST— SATU RDAY NIGHT SCOTCH" TER-
Jj rier, blacK spot on back and ears, bobtail; re-
ward. 413 Tenth ava (Richmond), H. CLYNL.
V>ECEIPT-BOOK LOST; IF THE BOY WHO
XV found the book on Market sU last'saturday aft-
ernoon wiil return it to the saloon, 502 Market at.,
he will receive reward.
Lusl— U"LD WATCH, DIAMOND LOCKET
and chain on Sunday, 24th, on San Bruno road,
between city and Uncle Tom's cabin; will pay re-
ward asked. J. LEO, 14 Hoff aye.
OST — AMETHYST FiToM. WATCH FOB.
J Finder will be suitably rewarded by returning
toF. W. WARREN, 111-121 POU SU
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE MIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of CHRISTIAN SORENSON. No.
1951146. The tinder will please return to bank.
-,rrrn^:-'.£; FOUND. ------ -'1 I' / . [
IfOUXD — PURSE^^CO^rAINING MON^TyT
1 owner may have same. 36 i Jessie. /
- ATTOKNEYB-AT-LAW.
rA^vTcEFREE^DI VORCeTaWS~A^PeST
-ii- alty ; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. ,W. HOWE, att'y : at-law. 850 Market.
LE. PHILLIPS— U. a AND STATE COURTS;
• R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 CallfornlafsU
MJ. : ATTO R V -AT-L AW. 719
I'JL. Market st- ; advice free. •• ....■■.-- .
rp J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; ail vice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14. 15.
VtT W. DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY-Af_\W,42o
TT- . California t.. rooms 14 and 16: advice free.
TYPKWKITEKS.
"V'OST, < $30: ■ CAUGRAPH, $30; : SEND FOR
X sample work; SCOTT A- i;..y NA N. 333 Monty
_._.■_;•-. .-.- bicycx.k.s. : :\>;-"
ARK CYCLERY— NEW, WHEELS TO _ST;
X best : accommodations. Terminus 1 Geary, Mc-
Allister and Powell su car lines. -
BUSINESS CHANCE^ -'----^^^
*in A ANC A KEB V, STATIONERY
.t>^i/U. and cigar store; rent only $10: good
business. M. LEWS A CO., 783% Market. • •
fl-iinn • BRANCH BAKERY, COFFEE A D
»JDOUU. icecream parlors, cigar-stand, building
Included; choice part Western Addition; ground
rent, $10; long lease. M. LESS it CO., 783% Mar
ket -4. .-.■.-.. <■■-..■.■■-■■■ -■."■! . *■■■■'■. *->■:■'-■ * ■
(BjQ-A BRANCH BAKERY ON A BUSY :
«J)OUU. street; central :' good stock; nice fix-
tures; living-rooms; choice : place. .M. LESS <ss
CO., 783^ Market st. -
OjiCA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE:
<I?J OU. must be sold to-day; «ood horse and
wagon; best portion Western Addition: 4 living-
rooMs; rent $10: present owner there 2 years; has
good steady trade: is offered at this exceedingly,
low price as owner has other important business
requiring immediate attention remember this is a
chance in a lifetime where $150 buys a paying
place. M. LESS * CO., 783V 3 Market st.
(jionn G HOC ERY AND BAR; FULL
tJ) l -UU. value; offer wanted. • GUS STRAND,'
45 Third St. ■ .- ■
OL'^^n RESTAURANT, WITH BAR:
•J>OOU. clears $150 a month. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st. ,- |
<»QC A PARTNER WANTED TO-DAY IN
tjp»")«JU. class dining parlor: clears $160 pe.-
month, j GU^ STRAND. 45 Third St. -/-i.
©1 O'^. BRANCH BAKERY: 5 ROOMS:
I SO. offer wanted. GtIS STRAND, 45 Third.
THTtI restaurant near market I
id\J. St.; cheap at $600. GUS STRAND,
46 Third st. - . .
"(ftQ=A DRY GOODS, NOTIONS AND VA-
«4Pi/c)U. riety store: 4 furnished rooms; full
value: offer Wanted this wee*. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st.
>);n BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
DO\J. Icecream parlor, also cigar-store: build-
ing Included; long lease; a snap. GUB STRAND,
45 Third st. •„ . - ■
© QK.A RESTAURANT SOLD TO-DAY AT A
«JpOuU. great sacrifice; fully $2000 in sight;
elegantly fitted :: good location; receipts $30 to s36
daily; chance for fortune. GUS STRAND, 45 3d.
ELEGANT GROCERY WITH- 2 TEAMS:
well-established business; fine location: in-
vestigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. " ' ' ■;■ \> '.
QiQ^fi FOR HALF INTEREST GOOD,
•Jp OOU ." paying meat market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
lodging-house come nee me. as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
Dg-I CA RESTAUHANT~DOfNG FINE BUSI-
«IP ' «U. ness: fine locality: cheap reut; elegant
place: If you want fine paying business see It at
once; you will never get this kind of bargain for
the money: the only reason for selling is sickness:
elegant chance; investigate. T. LUBt-LsKI, 7
City Hall aye.
"5* 1 AA~ BAKERY WITH BRICK OVEN, ALL
<DJ-vU. fixtures with oven; locality fine: cheap
rent; you will never tot a bakery like this for
twice the amount: investigate this snap at once.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. ',
( fc9^Ho GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
»jr_j«J»'l.. . corner and; doing fine: rare chance
for fine grocery investment : see this place at once:
the fullest investigation; located north 01 Market
st. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffl> QOO FINE SALOON DOING FROM $15 TO
*IPCJV/V/ . $20 a day business; best location in th •
I city; on principal street; this is a snap. T. LU-
BELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. •';-.
SOAA BOA RDING - HOUSE; 20 TO 25
O\f\J . stead y boarders: free rent, light and
I water. T. LUBELSKI.7 City Hall aye.
G> I COO GROCERY AND BAR: DOING
*!P IO'JU. fine business; corner stand: cheap
rent: big stock; rare bargain: come see this splen-
did buy; also horse and wagon. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
<& P. A ELEG ANT STATIONERY AND CON-
tsr*JU\J. feetionery. with soda fountain: finest
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms; see
this fine place at once; paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, .7 City Hall aye. __ -
OTICE— PARTIES WISHING TO SELL RES-
— taurants, - ciger-stores. saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26 Vs Kearny st.
Cj OX A BUTCHER - SHOP; OLD ESTAB-
ijptiuyr. llshed: 2 horses, wagon, cart: low rent;
a great bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
fflj FIR, A CORNER. GROCERY AND BAR:
<IP*J*J\J . very central; 2 livlnc-rooms: owner had
place 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
$»QAA OLD - ESTABLISHED BAKERY—
♦JjOV/U • Good store trade and wagon route; bak-
Ing 2 bbls. daily. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
ffl>£CA FINE PAYING. RESTAURANT ON
fiJUilU.' Kearny st. : low rent; receipts $25 to |
$30 daily; a sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 261/4
Kearny st. .
l&O^n LEGITIMATE MANUFACTURING
— O\J . business; partner wanted ; manu-
facturing standard goods in genera! use every
where and in great demand; .trade increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock: Is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART. 602 Market si.
•5! 1 fMlfl * 500 CASH; BALANCE TO BE
HpX\J\J\J. paid out ' of the business: livery,
boarding and sale stable: fine location near Market
St.; has 15 horses, 20 boarders; full equipment of
carriages, hacks, buggies, etc.; clears $250 per
month: this is cheap at $2000: greatest bargain
ever offered, See GEO. STEWART, 602 Market.
CJ7KA WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
*IP I OX.' and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building included; ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF. 921 Market.
(DjOAA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORK;
ijP 4*\J\J, horse, wagon; rooms; daily receipts
$10: rent $12; : snap. BARRtTT A SKIFF. 921
Market sU ,\ ,
©OXn BEST CORNER CiGAR-STAND IN
<$_jOU. city. BARRETT A SKIFF ,921 Mar-
ket st. - ■ ■ > +
Cj» QOf \ ELEGANTLY FITTED UP SALOON
«g)OV/". with private rooms; north of Market 1
street: fine cash register; big bargain.. STEN-
BERG, 632 Market st.
ft OAA A LOON IN BUSY PART OF TOvVX;
*IPOUU. cheap rent: don't miss this' bargain.
STENBERG A CO., 632 Market st. ■
ft! CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR !
«3DXOV'U. transfer point. Western Addition: !
handsome private rooms; owner 3 years; no better
offer in market; rare bargain. I (STENBERG CO.,
632 Market sU >,-,'.'>- --. ' ■ - . .
ftQOOO partner wanted in well-
%P*jX>\J\J. established steam laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses , and restaurants: valuable outside
routes: horses and wagons; business sure to in-
crease if Droperly attended: books open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. STENBERG CO., 632'
Market st. . : .
QUO A A CORNER SALOON; NICELY FIT-
«H)OV/U. ted up: good location: .wholesale dis-
trict; offered at a sacrifice: owner has - two places.
STENBKRG CO., 632 Market st. ---'-■ -
ft 7XA RESTAURANT AND SALOON;
«IP I OxJ. near large carhouse: neat, attractive
place: doing A 1 business; large number regular
boarders; retiring from business. &TENBERG
CO., 632 Market st.
ftfi^O CORNER SALOON OPP. GOODALL
«]pUUVJ. A PdRKINS' steamboat landing; rare
chance. WILKE <fc WOLF, 531 California st.
<3l£jnnn A i>yeing and cleaning
tPUUUI'. works: established 8 years: 35-ho se
power boiler: 12-horse engine; all kinds of copper
kettles; S waions; 3 horses: clears over 8300 per
mo.: rent SHO, with lease. Business Exchange,
777 Market st.
©OKA PROVISION AND DELICACY
<ir«£.c»v. store; rent $14; furnished livtnif-
rooms: must be sold in 3 days. LYNCH «fe
BKKRY, 935 Market St.
ft/IKO PARTNER WANTED IN ELEGANT-
«iP^tO\J» ly furnished saloon: good day and Im-
mense night trade; 1 block from Examiner oflice.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
PARTNER FOR"" BEE V'.-BOT 1 LING BUBT
X ness: ■ experience not necessary- 712 . Four-
teenth st. - ... ... . - .
ftftfiO «ASH: BALANCE OF $900 ON EASY
«JpUUv/ terms: house of 7 rooms; lot 150x206;
suitable for chicken-ranch ; barns, stables, chicken-
houses, artesian well, flower-garden: lot all fenced
in. Apply J. M. MCCARTNEY, 22% Geary St.,
or Saratoga aye. and San Leandro road.
p ROCERY-STORE WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJ stock, doing large family trade. This Isa fine
opportunity to get good paying business. Particu-
lars of J. B. MI HAN, 609 Kearny st.
RANCH BAKERY AND VARIETIES;
good business; corner; 6 living rooms; large
sunny yard. Apply 449 Guerrero st.
©£00 CORNER BAR. WESTERN ADDT-
qpoyjXJ. tlou: club and living-rooms lease:
money-making place. WILKE. 531 California,
|>ARGAIN-$125; OLD-ESTABLISHED Ci-
M gar, candy and notion store; large garden and
summer-house; opposite University gate, Berke-
ley; junction Telegraph-aye.' electric road: car*
stop In front of store. , Apply on premises.
I7>OR »AI_— BRANCH BAKERY, LAUNDRY
X' office and milk depot. 511 Laguna st. •
SALOON: LONG LEASE AND LOW RENT.
Apply at Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific. ■ .
ft! POO BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
'JDXUV/U. sale district; money-making place;,
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKK <fe WOLF, 531 Cal'a
9?v00 WELL-STOCKED GROCERY
~\J\J\j .. store with horse and wagon for sale:
large trade; located in best part of city: investi-
gate this barealn; make offer. C. C. HICKOK &
CO.. 873Vfe Market st. ; .
O;7O BARB.-.R-SHOP ON MARKET Sl'.; 2
tip « X.'. chairs: rent $15: creat Dargain If sold to _
day. Apply DECKER. 1020 Market st. :
#R0()0 CUKN£RBA AVERAGEDAILY
Wli X* * w™ I? 1 *- 1 , 3 ?/ choicest location: lease.
vviliK- <fc WOLF. 531 California st. ' -.'
M ARTINEZ~HOTEL-TO. rent, unfur-
-I^>OR SALE-LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
X grinding shop, well tooled up. 1003 Mission su
TAILnn-SHOP FOR SALE; 1910 POLK. AP- i
X ply at 257 Grant a c. •
I^OK ; SALE ■ CHEAP-RESTAURANT AND
x coffee-house; party going to country: noa?ents.
Call or address 8. _. ; McNA LLY, 17 Thirti»t,'i st.
StilOO : PARTNER IN BUTCHiiR - SHOP:
ooiT-V. _" buggy and : horse; good trade. Apply
■ 400 Third st. ..;,.... -s -.5
•sftrSoo" iCHl RANCH IN PETALUMA:
;'. good investment. inquire Cosmopoltan
1 Hotel, Petaluma. •..•■: ;
BUSINESS ? CHASCES-Contlntwa.
© 1 FiA P A ETKER WANTED -LfoilK
3d 1 01. profitable business: no night or Sunday
work: rare chance. KENNY <fc CO.. 765 Market.
— 'JPiAA PAPER ROUTE; 550 .SUBsCKIB-
whiiUvU. ers: thriving town near city; circula-
tion 'lncreasing: most desirable paper on coast:
increasing in public favor. KENNY CO.. 765
Market st. / *. ; - ■•--' .'-t'■ - .'
©Q^.fi PARTNKR WANTED; SALOON
3) «It)U. and lunch house; good stock; fine trade.
KENNY «fe CO.. 765 Market st.
ffi? 1:A RESTAURANT— BUSY PART OF
«5» 1»)U. Market st. ; good trade: new fixtures; a
bargain.' KENNY & CO., 765 -Market st.
(H? 1 /*7in r WHOLESALE .lNft RETAIL
tjp LDUU. wine and liquor store; established for
years: large store and outside trade: 'lease; low
rent; living rooms.. ; WILKE A WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. . ' • ■ ■ - -" ■'-
OR SALE— BAKERY AND CONFECTION-
ery. Apply 526 Valencia st.
/CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; CENTRAL;
\J ■ make offer: going to Europe June 1; bargain.
LYNCH «fc SERRY, 936 Market St.
O^. A PARTNER WANTED IN A THP.lV-
nl^^Ol.'. Ing cash business; duties liirht and
lasilv learned; remaining partner a well-knowa
business and thoroughly reap nsible: partner
preferred to hired help. -; J. A., box 90, Call Urnce.
liTTiY^r FURNISHED HOUSE OF 7 KOOMS;
•Jp I_»J. must be sod; going away: cheap rent.
-137 Minna st. :
CjOAA CHOPHOUSK; CLEARS $100
tlp^UU. mon'nly: living-rooms: excellent place
for man and wife. Add. A., box 109, Call Office.
/GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
y~X lady of means, $35 capital. 12 Mason St., rm. 2
REAT OPPORTUNITY— SSOOO WILL PV~.
VT chase retiring manager's Interest, worth
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
in one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine: serious illness com-
pels sacrifice: none but competent men with cash
considered. Address Chronos, box 67, Call Office.
ALF INTEREST IN WHOLESALE AND
retail liquor business; amount required
$2500 to $3000; also leasehold, goodwill, fixtures
and furniture of a hotel doing good business;
amount required $1200. Kor particulars address
1. L. L., Santa Rosa. .
STABLI^HEO MANUFACTURING BUSl-
ness recently Incorporated otters active inter-
est stock for sale: fine opportunity to extend
trade: fullest investigation; references Riven und
required: principals only. Address lock box 194,
Kan Jose, Cal.
<EjO7X COAL AND wood yard: good
tflJO I O. business; must sell at once; engine and
boiler worth the money; trial given. Call 810 Sixth.
ffl?700 ° X SALE — STEAM LAUNDRY,
tip I \J\J. doing Rood cash business: good reason
for sellfng. For particulars address San Luis
Steam Laundry, San Luis ObisjK). al.
ft? 1• C SA LOON, SB. COR. BATTERY AND
CJ- '«■ Vallejo sts. : great bargain: living-rooms
upstairs: must be sold this week!
C1 ANDY-STORE" FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST.
J Bargain. ■ ■-•-.-.'; >■ <• V
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., oox 2, Call.
<B» 1 OX* RESTAURANT; DOING GOOD BUSI-
W L~j*J. ness: tine place for man and wife; av-
erage receipts $15 per day. MEEKS it CO., 860 V*
Market st. • -
<£• 1 ".A EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
<pX«JU. stand; clearing $80 per month; sold
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205
Lark in st. '
ffl»"|/^CO BLACKSMITH, HORSESHOEING"
<ipXU<JU. business; clears $125 month: corner;
shop- tools; slock; party going East. Owner, box
5, Call Office. Oauland.
l/OR SALE— PALACE SHOE STORii IN
a flourishing county seat town: established 15
years. For particulars adfiresß Box 446, L'kinh.
7S"ROCER V AND BAR; TKA Nsi'E{t CORNERT
vJT a nply this office; no agents.
OR^SArLE^T^AIIOK'SHOP, 204 POWELL, ON
::rcount of sickness. For particulars call at
Humboldt Hall, corner Powell and Ellis sis.
<Si. 1 f\f\ BUTCHER-SHOP: FIXTURES;
«35 1UU. rent $18. 1806 Howard st.
E'-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sicknes.i; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality aud climate suitable for a. consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mlssion.
:
»7AA FOR "SALE-GROCERY AND BAR,
<Jp I vv. cheap rent; 3 living-rooms and stable;
no opposition; a rare opportunity. Inquire Call
Office.
ffijl A A BUYS HALF~INTEKEBT IN BEST
rITX XJKi paying business in the city; no com* eti-
tlon: call and investigate. 617 Jones, near Geary.
I^OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYIN'4
X 1 and cleaning; good reasons for selling. Address
by letter C. BONNARD, 218 Fourth St., Sani»
Bos a.
>TU> LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket sc.
F OR RENT, UNFURNISHED-^ THE •-GRAN-
Ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame ho:el,
containing par or. dining-room, Darroorn, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in uood repair ami tine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going Into the hotel business: extra inducements
offered. Address LOIMS K.LUMPP, Folsom, Cal.
/ 1 1 T Y~Nfc7w SP A P Eft FOR SALE— D X V OTED
\J to the residents of the Mission dis rict; present
owner ha 3 made it pay, though very sick; good op-
portunity to increase income. Address T. F. 8.,
box 62, this office: or apply atthis office for partic-
ulars.
I"~F YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO SELL, BUY
or exchange call on us; there is no equal to our
quick sales: never heard of It, and we always have
snaps for buyers; come at once. Columbia, 128
Fourth et.
\\f ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
»» with us; will sell It in 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
LOUR-SACKB FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN,
and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific at., basement.
p OOD PAYING CYCLKRY; GOOD WHEELS™
T best location. W. CKaNE. 324 Post st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
ft A X A HANDLES FINEST LODGING-HOUSE
«ID "*<-'" in city;, 37 rooms elegantly . furnished;
best part of Market St.; opportunity of a lifetime;
great bargain: must "be so.dlto KENNY A
CO., 765 Market St. ; .•:.... -
(Djl q r BAY-WINDOW HOUSE, 1 6 ROOMS;
<iI?X I O. best paying house in city for money.
KENNY A CO., 765 MarlyetS'. ■■
4C^^O ROOMING-HOUSE, OPP. BALDWIN
tJPXJUXJ. Hotel: '37 rooms; partly furnished
must be sold immediately: : account of sickness-
must leave city. MEEKS A CO., 865% Market.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG^
X Ing-house, See T. LUBELSKI, 7City Hall aye.
$9 All ELEGANT ROOMING^HOrjsE, 63"
<i™« U". rooms: paying above all expenses
$2-0 to $300 a month; will give time if- required*
see this elegant place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
aye. .:-..<--<:. i .-.,.) . - ..;.,
1 C ROOMS: FINE C08XER.*...:......;. $150
X t7lO-room house, worth $1009; price 40a
40 rooms:. tine for transient.. 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only. „ gyj
16 rooms on Taylor st... ." !'..""! 759
45 rooms on Market 5t... ...... ■ ;'. ' 250J
'.. H. C. DECKER., 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
1 Q-ROOM HOUSE ON SIXTH sfT; PRICK
XO $550; payments. DECKER, 1020 Market.
9.1" B CORNER HOUSE. $1000: WORTH
$2500: mus: be sold. DE KER. 1020 Market.
ft ] t\(\(\ 50- ROOM HOTEL. NEAR UNION
<ipX«JVV/. iron ; Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
90 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH oS
— vJ gan; low rent; bargain. Grocery, 40 Sixth st.
©7MO ACCOUNT OF OTHER, BUSINESS;
%\P_ I"V.4S rooms; good location; thoroughly
cleaned and renovated; clearing $100 month-
cheap rent. 115 Second st.
FOR SALE-GREAT BARGAIN; 16-ROOM
house; good location; rooms all full; nicely fur-
nished. . B A., box 60, Call Office.
OARDING AND. LODGING . HOUSE FOR
1 sale; near city front; will be sold cheap. In-
quire at 39 Pacific st. ,
WILL SELL ; YOUR LODGING-HOUSE IN
* ' 2 days or t.reat. Columbia. 128 Fourth st.
FI'KMTURt; IOK SALE.
I FURNITURE OF 2 ROOMS AND KITCHEN.
■ and wood. 275 Clara st.
* T -L. J. NEUMANN^, 117 SIXTH. FOR"
■• V lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
f^IRE SALE .' ■ ■ -; • ~ :
X 1 Prices stand till roods are completely di».
posed of. ■ . , .
Oak bed sets.' sib vi
Bed lounges „ .........'.... ' 8 03
Stoves. ..Z 75U
Carpets, peryard. „ 65
Linoleum, per yard. ......................... 55
Matting, peryard ..;..'..•.. "*" - 10
Till our new building Is erected these" prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busineu
at " SE. corner ; bevonth and Mission su. IT
NOON AN.
AlUi CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $TF
-tyJxJ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: foldine-bed*.'
$10; bed-iounges. -$1 T. D. McCARTH\ " 1124t *
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ~" 577
Tt jiedlotinices trimmed with plush : ' *-*- s'>l4i
Brussels Carpet, 1aid.;........;... """V ••••;«!„„
Enclish Linoleum, laid IjUnS
Window shades in 5 colors "2>40n2
BHIREK &..BUIRKK, 747 Market' it " oppmSS
<~'rant avenue: no branch stores. opposu*
' -*' yUKXITURK WANT gP. '
QECOND^hTnD FUR^TURE^vII?TKrTTO
HALL ON J-C. M.UTHER, 601 CALIFORNIA"
____»^«!tfv»_:
ture. carpets, piauoajor mefchaiidiap nf .v.v kind.
AMALONE PAYS 20 PFR~iV\t — MnWn
orde^V^v Wh T lor f " r^»™ "™ ™u?,fry
orders. Leave orders^tjaNG'S. 3 Fourth «
IVr?- _id -m M UOOI) priceTlxVr F URN I-
J- tnre and merchandise see BURP, -211 LarKin.
_»^enV| l f£ ■«? KXiljl^« YOUR FURNITURB
XJ send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
S ' CH r' 4 321 '- BUTTKB, 1 WANTS FURNI-
.*-?' ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
_[ £X , BCY »- YOUR. FURNITURB,
-«-«• • carpets, plana 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 781.HOUSES TO i.et.
H~~ Y^EsIPrBETTvkEN^^TIfitK'ANI)"EDDY^
2-Rtory. 7 rooms mii bath.
Taylor, bet. Pine ann California— 6 rooms, bath.
Stevenson, or Lezlnstoi] aye., bet. 20th and 21st—
6 rooms and bath : $20.
Powell, bet. C!ny :uid Washington— 7 rooms and
bath $25.
Howard, near 12th— 9 rooms and bath; $30.
Bond, oft Mission, bet. 12tliand 18th— $24.
Mission, bet. Stn acil9tli-7 roomsand bath; 30.
I niton, bet. Jjißuna and Buciißnan, sunny side—
6 rooms and bath : $26 25. • ■•■
Fell bet- Polk and A an Ne>sav*.-7 rooms, bath.
Apply to C. S. CAPP A. CO.. Real Estate Agents
and House Brokers, 4] 5 Montgomery si.
711 SUITER, NEAR, TAYLOR - VERY
I -t-X choice; elegant; spacious; reaauuable.
A PPKKCIATKD IF SEEN— 3O MORRIS A YE.,
-«- on Harrison st., near Sixth: sunny bouse of 5
rooms: good order; »13: water free: yard; cellar.
A PPRECIATED IF SEEN-82av. SUTIER,
■"■ near 'ones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
HOUSE, 7 ROOMS: BATH: MODERN IM-
provoinenu ; garden. 730 Capp st,
<fi;4^ SU3S >*V RESIDENCE: SOUTHEAST
$»£**' tor. Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and
bath; tine view. Apply 920 Broadway.
HOUSE, 4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
tnent; $10. 321 Tenth at.
("<74 KRYANTV NEAR FI FTH — NICE
"' -j dwelling; 3 rocms ; separate yard; $10.
$s7 -\(\ HOUSE OF S ROOMS. 202 PERRY
_r_. I • UU. su, just og Fourth: water free.
TTO"JSE— 4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD: KENT
J-»-$lO. Apply 1523% Leavenworth st., bet.
JacKson Pacific. '
41 ft HYDE-HoCSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
;i i-\J halli. Inquire at 418.
"V\ r j: RENT many HOUSES BECAUSE we
»V.x !i at People lisht. BALDWIN A HAM-
MON D 10 Montgomery st. . ■
FIIKXISHED HOUSES.
T^URNISHED HOUSE TO RENT-2336 PAcF-
.I He . aye., NX. corner Fillmore; location among
the choicest. O. F. YON RHEIN & CO., 513
California st.
(H O «? TA< i E . 6 KOOMS AXD BATH NEATLY
V_ft> r nished. 39H5 Twenty-fifth St., near Church.
x COTTAiiES TO LET. ' ' ' ~~ .
O°i?T^ a '■^s A '**■ 'wTTboomsakd
v- oath: latest Improvements; fine stable and
barn. 823 Hampshire su
S 1 3 COTTAGE * ROOMS -."CHICKEN- YARD!
*^- Lt> "2l Twenty-erse su , above Valencia.
mo LET-COTTAGE 8 ROOMS, 16 BYINGTON
i_^ v 2-__ A I LI? _ o I * rrel1 8U
m JONES-COTTAGE OF & BOOMS; Ar-
ranged for 1 or 2 families.
ft 1 4 NICK CLEAN BUNNY COTTAGE— 643
<JPX*±« Minna st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
Sl ( ) ) WIT H WATER. ELEGANT COT-
!rn i j. * lßse: 5 "»ms: bath; gas-fistures:
cellar and large yard. 438 Seventh st.
A 1 4 ? EaT COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
<u> -"-^» bath. 1831 Union, near Lacuna.
ST COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD OB-
t> 1 » V* der; water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant St., near Eighth, or room 79, 628 Mont-
, pomery.
FUKXISHKI) FLATS.
LH KNISHE'b FLAT T^ErTiui'TUßkliT".
■L Apply 502 Van Ness aye.
I^INE CORNER; 6 SUNNY ROOMS; CHEAP;
■i- afternoons. 800 a Webster st. .
J ■ FIATS TO LET.
JONES ANDn^BERT~STsT,^SE."cORXERi
t» 8 rooms and bath; only 923: fine marine view;
cars handy.
Hayes St., nr. Fillmore; upper flat : 5 rooms and
bath; only SI Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. 415
Montgomery st., Keal instate Agents and House
Brokers.
CA.N'LHKS ST., NR. EIGHTEENTH; NEAT
fiat, 5 rooms and bath: only $14.
Nineteenth su, bet. Guerrero and Dolores: sunny
side: upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; only *23 to a
good tenant.
Ellis St., bet. Buchanan and Webster; 6 rooms
and bath; only $20. Apply to C. S. CAPP CO.,
415 Montgomery st., House-renters and Real Es-
tate Agents.
"L^ 1 LATS— 4, 5 AND 6 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH:
• X laundry; from $13 50 up. 1513 a Mission near
Eleventh st. '
PPER AND LOWER FLAT 2. 8, SUNNY
/ rooms; bath; nice garden. 36 Elgin Far*, off
Ridley st., above Valencia.
Q"I 1 LOWER" FLAT; * SUNNY BOOKS;
«,, XX. large yard: basemen U 85 Moss st
CjlO FLAT: 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
QXO. Sanchez st., corner Eighteenth.
Q1 Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR.
<£X*J. tee nth st. above Valencia. '.
LATS, 5 ROOMS; BENTS $13 AND $14.
4061 Eighteenth St., near Castro.
79Qa grove-lower FLAT 4 BOOMS;
i —.O bath; light, sunny yard. . ■
9QI Q 1 BUSH— UPPER FLAT OF 5 SUNNY
—*OXtJ2 rooms and bath :rent reduced; good view.
lV) DALE PLACE, OFF GOLDEN GATE AVK.,
"-"-— iir. Hyde— 3 large sunny rooms: no children.
1 LATS; BEST IN THE CITY; $12 TO $14.
■T. Apply 416 Capp st. .
"1 CA7 STEIKKB, NEAR SUTTER—
XOu I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
r99 SIXTH -2 FLATS. 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
*-"— — bath; suitable for 1 or 2 families: rent'
reasonable.
71 A OCTAVIA— LOV EL V MIDDLE , FLAT. 7
• A" rooms, bath; modern Improvements: rent
reasonable.
1 ID FULTON— FIXiS MIDDLE FLAT OF 7 '
AX O rooms and bath ;" $28. w'-l.v .' |
FREE RENT GIVEN TO GOOD TENANTS
(balf to one month); prices from $6 op.
SPtCK A CO., 602 Market St. *"
\»- RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
V" treat people right. BALDWIN <t HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st
C.UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st
1 £v 97 FIFTEENTH, NR. HOWARD^ NEW
X«J_ I Hats, just finished; 6 rooms, bath; $18.
1 1 (\7 HOWARD— SUNNY UPPER PART OF
J.IU I bouse; 5 rooms an i bath; rent low.
T/LAT 3 ROOMS: SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
X rent $10. 1325 Sacramento st
RIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 5 j
rooms; bath : marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, on* Sacramento st, below Mason; nice
neighborhood. . Apply 320 Sansome, room 4.
C«9fi ELEGANT UPPER FLAT: BAY-WlN-
•_—''. dows; 6 large rooms and bath; modern
Improvements. 611 ureenwlch st
PPER AND LOWER FLATS; 3 AND 4
U rooms; very convenient; $7 and $8. 941 Bry-
ant ■
fl|1(l UPPER FLAT 5 BOOMS; BATH.
%j X O. 1625% Pine st. above Van Ness aye.
991 C| FIFTEENTH, NEAR CASTRO-ST.
— — XV cars: 5 sunny rooms, bath; low rent.
zIO7U TWENTY-THIRD;. 100 jrEET FROM
a" I «7 Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern Improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
1 AQQ MCALLISTER. NR. SCOTT— MODERN
xrtOV flat; 6 rooms; bath; $27 51); water free.
OWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
J side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Rlngold
Bt, bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
YEAR CITY HALL: ELEGANT FLAT OF 5
ll rooms: latest improvements; $23. 143 Grove.
79^1 MCALLISTER — FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
I —\\Ji> modern improvements: rent reduced.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
~ HOUSEKEEPXNU BOOMS.
California Street.
9=q-| CALIFORNIA ST.-3 ELEGANTLY
— UOX. furnished rooms and bath for house-
keeping: cheap. Call before 1 p. 11. . '
iddjr Street.
Q-l 7 EDDY— 2 OR 3 NICELY FURNISHED
(711 housekeeping rooms: private family.' ■ .
"■; " Ellis Street. '
Ql C EILIS-NICELY FUBNI&HED SUNNY
OXO rooms: $2 and up. , - ■ ■•-.-.
rnn ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
t)UO complete for housekeepng; large yard; $15.
P. Q9 ELLIS— FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
00 tv rooms, with bath. ' ' -
__________
Fifth Street.
OTA FIFTH— SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN;
OXirbath: water, sink; no children; private; $8.
Folsom .Street.
QOQ FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
COO bedroom: adjoining kitchen; yard; - com-
plete housekeeping. '■ •.••- ' '■-- '■-- ■■■■'.' ' .
1 f\A Q* folsom— two sunny ROOMS FUR-
XUttO nlshed forhousekeeping; two closets; $10.
.Fourth Street. : ' '
99C FOURTH— FURNISHED BOOMS. SUIT-
-*—>O able for light housekeeping: also single.
Oeary.St.eet. '•: •
9"1 71 GEARY (REAR)— THREE BUNNY
—i AI 2 housekeeping rooms. Key, 217.
GEARY — 6 "LARGE. UNFURNISHED
rooms. ': ' ■•- •-■-'■ '" "•■ : '- - •-.■ . :..
~Q_ \\ 1911 GEARY, OPP. ALCOVE
«*p 11. suite, adjoining room, wit porcelain sink,
3 closets, bath; furnished housekeeping rooms.
»9Q PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
O — «-*• eewing-room,*. bath, : kitchen: all neces-
Fanes. 1917 Geary St. ■ ■ . . ■
olden ' li ate A venue. :
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.-2 COMPLETELY
*J I. O furnished bousekeeolug. rooms, $16;; gas
stove. - ■ ..-■■•. ■■■ - : ■ .. .
<■ . ' " Harriet Street.,
.9Q HARRIET-TWO . LARGE FURNISHED
*-i*J. rooms for housekeeping. .
Hermann Street.
9C HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
—■O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kifueii ; gas and bath.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS - Continued.
Howard street.
7firi HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
iKt L A bay-window suite for ; housekeeping:
others : moderate. ' '. . •
TTj.9 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
■IX'X^i Ing rooms: water; range: rent $12 60.
Larkln Street. r
Ol O LARKIN— NEATLY FURNISHED SUN-
yflmj ny room and kitchen: complete for house-
keeping. ;.-•- . --
Sllnna street.
(\AQ MINNA— 2 LARGE ROOMS FOR HOUBE-
*JrIO keeping. ;
Mission *<treec. k
t\(il MISSION. NEAR SECOND — S SUNNY
<J\JX rooms, furnished light housekeeping; also
two. .
Q9Q MISSION — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
000 room, $8: sunny basement of 3 rooms, $10.
"1 999 MISSION —3 OR 3 BOOMS, FUR-
X___ nisbed -complete for housekeeping; hot
and cold water. • T
"Natoma Street.
741 NATOMA ST.-3 FURNISHED front
1 trX rooms: light housekeeping: bath en A gas.
Ninth Street.
O "A NINTH. NR. MARKET-FROI^T BAY-
—iKi window suite and kitchen: gas: reasonable.
■■ OctaTla Street. ■'•'• : '-r
"I A(\O OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY — BUNNY
J-tcv/O bay-window and Kitchen: from $7 NO up.
O'Farrfiil street.
AOJ\ O'FARRELL -"sUNNY FURNISHED
tt«JJL rooms for housekeeping.
Pol It Street.
Q-1 Q POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
t/AO alcove; with bath, running water, gas,
etc; new carpets and furniture; also kitchen;
newly furnished floor four rooms; reasonable. .
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
Perry Street.
91 PERRY — PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
— -L housekeeping; suite or single: cheap.
Scott Street.
m SCOTT— 2 LARGE" SUNNY CONNECT-
ing rooms; partly turnished for housekeep-
ing. ■
I/» 1 A "SCOTT— 3 • SUNNY UNFURNISHED
AUA*± rooms, bath, garden: rent reduced; call
I afternoon.
-Seventh street.
I 1 OG. 7TH — LARGE SUNNY-FURNISHED
-LOU houseKpg rooms: veranda: yard: reasonable
' ROOMS TO LET.
. Bosh Street.
j n-| Q BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
OXO rooms.
i I (\^(\ BDSH: — BEAUTIFUL SUNNY UN-
X\JO\J furnished parlor; also furnished rooms.
Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUBB, 28 BTH
0 st, near Market: furnished and untarnished.
. l-.ilix street.
rpHE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
Aii ART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot A cold water.
; OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO rooms
Ai at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
~~ Fifth Street. "
Q>Q SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN: BATH;
<*pO. water; no children: private. 314 Fifth st.
09- FIFTH-FURNISHED ROOMS: $6 UP-
O—.O single and double.
i oibom Street.
O9A FOLSOM — SINGLE • FURNISHED
<D-t\f rooms; $lperweek«.
oearv street.
91 71 GEARY, REAR— FURNISHED
-iX I 2 rooms: key 217.
OA] GEARY — ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW
O\JX room: mantel: closet: new corner flat.
GEARY— SUNNY SUITE FOR LADY
OvO or couple: also single room; private.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
A handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per ma up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
TTi \i\ GEARY, NR. CORNER OCTAVIA— 3
AIVJU elegant furnished rooms, for gentlemen
only; all modern conveniences.
t>oldeu(<Bte Avenue. .
q9A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY AL-
O_v cove quite; housekeeping if Jdesired; also
single rooms: reasonable. .
drove Street.
TfiK GROVE - NEWLY FURNISHED SIN-
XVJtJ gle front room; rent $4.
Howard Street. - - ■ • ■
11 9& HO *« A RD . — ELEGANTLY FU R-
l-l_O nished single room, closet, bath; rent
reasonable; an American family; none but quiet,
I sober people need apply.
■iODei Street.
! 907 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—.VI management: elegant ■ canny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc; tIU to «3U.
i-«Jamy street.
A RLIPJGTON HOUSE, 127 KB ABNT—
XV ant sunny rooms, en suite and singlet first class
in every respect : terms reasonable. . ■
Lark in Street.
1 007 LABKIN-2 SUNNY FURNISHED
J-V/v I suites; also single rooms; . every con-
venience. . ■ • - •
a ike strew*.
VOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
X night, 35c to $1 ; week. $1 50 to $6: families.
1 991 MARKET, BET. EIGHTH AND
X— — X Ninth— Single front room; $4.
Minna «-treeu ■ -
1 79 MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED
X I — rooms: 75c and $1 per week.
(i(in MINNA, COR. EIGH TH-NEWLY FUR-
KJ\J I nlshed bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
J.iKhlon ■»ir»ei.
HE WILSON. HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
. A Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnlxhed rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 60 a day.
UROPE «OUKE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Ninth Street.
9|-\ NINTH ST., NEAR MARKET— FRONT
—V suite or single for lor 3 persons: rent $16 •
gas: grate; water. •.
Oak Street. ~
CJC. FURNISHED ROOMS FOR RESPECTA-
tfI?O. ble working women; private day home for
children. 48 Oak st. . ■
~ Pine Street. ~T~
Q90 D J', I i rE ~ SX:IJNY BURNISHED PARLOR;
O-j\J folding bed; bath: $10.
Silver Street.
m SILVER-SUNNY, SINGLE AND
double, for gentlemen; bath: hot and cold
water.
Sixth Street. • ~~
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
nicely furnished, double and single.
Stevenson Street.
YOn STEVENSON^CHKAP SUNNY BOOMS;
K)4j\J single or double.  ,
Stockton Street.
1 703 STOCKTON-2 SUNNY BOOMS FUR-
X ivo nlshed complete for housekeeping: cheap.
Butter street. '-'
F^nO SETTER. COR POWELL— SUNNT FR'NT
suite, furnished or unfurnished: other rooms.
703 "UTTER. COR, TAYLOR-ELEGANT
\\lK> furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
~ Taylor Street.
1 fIQ TAYLOR- LARGE DOUBLE BOOM;
X\JU closet; running water; $2 a week.
Third Street.
00 A THIRD-2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOB
«J«-~^ housekeeping; free water; rent $6.
- Valencia Street
1 CXAOX VALENCIA-LARGE SUNNY BAT-
-1 < 'TO2 window front rm.: $8: also single ones.
' ' STORES TO. LET.
npo let— parToTst^re7^s4^stockton
A street. ; ; . ■■ ;
nf\Z. POLK — DELICATESSEN STORE TO
I \JO let; tenant just moved out; rent $18; busi-
ness established ; ( rooms in rear ; fine chance for
somebody. I ■ - ■ .. ■
~ OFFICES TO LKT.
_U with electric lights, elevator and Janitor ser-
■ vlces. ./. y-- ■■■ ■ .'. - '•■■ .. --■ - .
QQQWAND.7O7 SUTTER— CHOICE FOR OF-
O—i'Jt fices and residence combined: reasonable.
q^dq'market, opp. mason-lofts "of
UO€> various ' sires; new, modern building. In-'
quire on premises. ■ - • ■ . ..
/CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
\J Offices $10 and upward, Including Janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. • Apply at room
622 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
S~~t'RKCKELa BUILDING. 927 MARKET—;
Irciegant sunny otilces, $12 80 op; electric-light;
heating and Janitor service free. I Apply at building
ox J}. H. UMBSKN A CO., 14 Montgomery at
THE SAN FRANCISCO VALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
7;r»9 POWELL ST., COR. SUITER— FUR-
mJ\J£d nlshed rooms, with board: terms reasonable.
"1 90Q BUTTER ST.-FUR NICHED ROOMS,
J.—V/O with or without board; prvt family; refs.
Q. 19 GEARY — LARGE '-. SUNNY " FRONT
O— . —1 rooms, with board; also single ran; $20 up.
1 99A MCALLISTER— FINELY FURNISHED
J.__U sunny rooms, with or without board.
71 9 POST— NICE LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
I -L— with board, $30 per month.
f{9l PINE INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
U_JL board; refined home; sunny yard; best or
care. - ■■
171 C POLK (NO KM ELEGANT
1 llw rooms, single and suites;, newly tar-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references. '. ■
OTKL BERT LINO. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
I •"!■•! convenience. ■ ■
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ONE R~TWO"CH ARdTTiO
per mouth: good home. 10431^ Valencia st
LADY, WISHES. CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD
home; mo, her's care 931 Clay, near Powell.
INFANT, OR SMALL CHILD; MOTHER'S
complete care: sunny yard; reasonable. 1636
Grove bL .
STABLES TO LET. .
"DEAUTIFUL LARGE" 'K^mjEt^SIuTcALJ-
XJ fornia su : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chronl-
tie building. . • -
musical INSTRUMENTS.
agnTficent GRAND UPRIGHT piano;
Mallet <fc Davis makers: sold to pay cost and
charges. 1921 Sacramento st.
FKW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos an 1 musical instruments
at MAC VAIS', 769 Market st _^
TECK PIANO; FINE TONE; EXCELLENT
order; obliged to gelt. Room '21, 809 Market
IpiNE UPRIGHT: SPLENDID TONE. FORCED
X 1 sale; $150. Room 12, Flood building. ■
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post Bt. .
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooins at 933 Market st., opposite
Mason: bargains in different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
BEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS. , BUSH
Xi A Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices, A. l. BANCROFT <t CO.. 324 Post st i
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York ; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins, $1 35: mandolins, $3 36; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.: new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HA RRY SCOTT, 929
Market si., Sprockets building. .
'Si I OX- FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
<£* X^.O. McAllister St. next to Hibernia Bank.
S~ OHMEK. STECK. bTHINWAY, STATHAM
second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
Q«i (\f\ Marshall upright: sherwood
t&X\J\J. upright, $150. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
HERMAN, CLAY A CO., STEINWAY REP-
O resematives. show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Suiter.
ASH A $576: STEINWAY. $215: SQUARE,
$25: rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A BRIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
xv grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 83 Ninth st .-
C WHICKERING, KNABK, STUCK. VOSE. BTER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187; pianos
:or rent BENJ. CURTAZ & HOW, 16 O'Farrell.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST KT.— BOHMER?
Newby A Evans. Briggs and other pianos. .
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer. a Latham place.
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
©To"" WALL TENT. 10 OZ. DUCK. 14xi6. 6
<D"-O. feet wall; cost $40; perfect order. Apply
1402 Valencia st.
Qft RAMB ER BICYCLE; BARGAIN: AL-
O\J most new. Apply 1510 Octavia st, bet 7
and 9 p.m.
CIOUNTEBS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121 Market. bet. 7th <& Bth.
SEWING MACHINES. SINGKK. AND DO-
mestlc, from $10 to $20; good value. 1559
Market su «£
GIAS OR GASOLINE ENGINE, 2 HORSE-
r power; shafting, pipe, belts, etc.; cheap. 948
Howard st. ' , ■
SIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
O engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st ' •
EGHORNS, WHITE. BROWN AND BUFF.
$1 each; fine layers. Address CUMBERS.
1183 Broadway, Alameda.
■y-OUNG~SPITZ~D6GS FOR SALE. 103
X Hayes st. ...
GREAT BARGAIN IN A BURGLAR-PROOF
r safe. with, or without Sargent time lock. 42
Main street. . ■
OMPLETE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OF
/tinner's tools :and machines; cheap. Box 129,
Napa. CaL
OR SALE-UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
■X' register: price $•-'&. J. L.. box 64, Call Offlce.
LOR SALE— SUN CASH REGISTER; CKED
X 10 days; price $25. - S. C, box 65. Call Office.
IjURST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
XV ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE BX*
gine-t; various sizes: guaranteed perfect order ;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. '
ABGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILEBS.KNGiNEs.2D-H AND MACHINERY
waterplpea. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
tare bought at the factory Raves retailer's pro-
lit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
oUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
1 > doors, mantels, etc. f?r sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE KM ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
. fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 111 Market st.
L"IIRK AND • BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER
X press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 103 Clay.
VTKW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BKCONU-
—^ hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co.. 13 California su
(COUNTERS, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
/ bought and sold liai^Market b»u7thand«tli
• MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
■t\. stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate ■ home In confinement: regular graduate
physician : 80 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
■ptCARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "I'ine Baths." Rooms 8 and 4,
MacOonough building, Oakland.
RS. DR. WEOENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: • Infants adopted
Into good homes: treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su .■ '
SYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PARALY-
sIs. rheumatism, insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all kinds of aches and pains, nervous
prostration and general debility, without medicine;
no charge unless cured. Boom 11, 8 Mason st.,
cor. Market. ' " .
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY "FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 'J 6 4 1/3 Fourth st
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Powell st; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
XT ICE PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT;
ll all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9.~
MRK DR. WEGENER, PRI VATE HOM E
. for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dles before and durlnit confinement; all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; Infallible preventa-
tlves, $1. 419 Eddy st
NKW~FroCEHS— NO MEDICINE, INBTRC-
ment or worthless pills usexl; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day-
helped at once: can be sent and nsed at home- all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny at
r7johselyn7"the great specialist^
has removed to 12D6 Market st., near Sixth.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment-
neTer falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately ; prices to suit
the times; home in confinement DX. & jikh,
DAVIES. 14 McAllister st, next Hlberula Bauk;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
DBS. GOODWIN MAKES A BPKCIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases ot ir-
regularity in one day, cure or no charge; separate
home tor patients; best skill; medical aitend-
nce: low tees; regulator $2. 1370 Market su
ITRE CUKE"FOR"ALiTFEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. QWYKK. 226 Turk st W
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
A don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 2541/fc 4th.
K. HALL, 14 McALLISI EH STREET. NKAR
' Jones- Diseases of women and rhlldres.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER-SCARE.
MBS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth Bt..Alamoda.
A LPBAU'S FRENCH PILLM-A BOON TO
J\. ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 -ipresg C. O. I>. ; don't delay
until too late. UKGOOD BKOS.. Oakland CaL
PHYSICIANS.
DEMOVED— DR. C. C. O" DON NELL TO l'JO6
XX Market su : diseases of woman a specialty.
6~N'T fail to consult dr. jordanTaTt
his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair 1 real meat;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
BEWING MACHINES^
ALL KI NDB BODG HT,"SOLD, "EXCHANGED^
reined, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth sb
EDUCATIONAL.
PRIVATE AXTDE^dToTDANCING" CLASsI
xes Tues. and Frl. Misses HU DP 6A'Hy3e st.
WW- PROPOSITION . IN SHORTHAND
1> writing; common wri'lng requires an avernee
of 5 up or down strokes Der sound, and writes 25
words per minute: therefore. If you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125; words without abbreviations, s HECHT'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 706. Snrectel«
building, 027 Market su. San Francisco. p vu * els
MBS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 614
Butter: vocal music, piano, elocution- dra-
matic elocution; skirt <lauclng, minuet, gavotte
etc. Vocal classes Monday at 8 p. m. • $1 per
month. ... ■ . -- . . '
A TTKND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
A. St. The very best individual instruction-
-20 trial lessons . In Shorthand, Bookkeeping Pe£
manshlp, Typewriting and English branches. Sl-
books free. . ■ . ' '
OOKKEEPING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant leaching; V^tJ me t and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR MANSFIELD, O V
X violin, guliar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st . : ■-.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ABITHMTC, GRAM R
day & night; noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mis ion
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
IJT lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTIHAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d,,r.37.
SPANISH. FRENCH, GEBMANTMODKRATET
OMelsterschnft School Languages, 122 CFarreil st<
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL- i
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc • life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mku
QCUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture. '
assay: eslab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mki.
TTEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST."
JJL Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modem
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
jV IGHTfc>OHOOL;HKALD'SBUS.UuLLIiUE;34
Xi Post: commercial, shorthand. Enelish; low r»'«»
1 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - THE
jTX WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
MOKEY, TO LOAN.
OANS ON HEAL ESTATE IST OR 2d
XJ mortgages, furniture or pianos, with or without
removal; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES"
-O- Jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 21> or 3D MORTGAGES-
estates, undivided interests, real estate in nro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES
Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments: interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. ' '
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER^
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
\| ONEY LOANED ON JEWKLRY AND
Xil other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
110e.Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
ORTGAOEB, LOANS ON COLLATE RA 8;
lIX low rates. sylvain Saloman A C0.,;-r<2B Montgy
1 kIKECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal; no delays; no commissions- low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 330 Pine St.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
■[ bT & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E-S-
X tales -.lowest rates ;no deIay.MURPHY. 62B MrkU
* DVANCKSONDIAMONDS,JEWBLRY, £TO
xV Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Grant ava.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
X to $5000 on good security. I'.O.box 444, Oakland
PAWNBROKERS.
loaned, watches, diamonds, low rates:
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates: pri«
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal > cheap.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS' Foil SUPPLIES FOR the
X Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.— May 7, 1896.
Sealed proposals. Indorsed "Proposals for Supplies
for the .\'avy-yard, Mare Island, Cal., to be opened
June 9. 1896," wi.l | be received at the Bureau of
(supplies and Accounts. Navy Department, Wash-
ington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, June 9, 1896,
and publicly, opened immediately thereafter, to '
furnish, at the Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal , quan-
tity of brushes, bolts, nuts, lag screws, cement,
hardware, padlocks, screws, leather, emery cloth,
Oregon pine, blocks, air port and other glasses,
gaskets, valves and ship chandlery. The articles
must conform to the navy standard and pass the
usual naval Inspection. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Navy Pay Offlce,
San Francisco, Cat., urine Navy-yard. Mare Island,
Cal. Tie bids, all other, things being equal, de-
cided by lot. The department reserves the right
to waive defects or to reject any or all olds not
deemed advantageous to the Government. ED-
WIK STEWART. Paymaster-General. U. a. N.
PRING VALLEY WATER WORKS, 616
California street, San Fraucisco. — ealed bids
will be received at the Secretary's offlce of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 616 California street,
up to 12 m. on the first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
shares. •-•■-.
All Btock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th day of June following,' and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 15th
of said month.
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five ($5) dollars per share. in gold coin or certified
check.
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollars per share.
By order of the Board of Trustees. ■ '
* PELHAM W. AMISS, Secretary.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896. .
PROPOSALS— STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
X Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at State • Prison, San Qnentln, until lo
a. M., Saturday, the 13th day of June, 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at state Prison, Folsom
until 9:30 a. It, Saturday, the 20th day of June
1896, a: which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, tor furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting I
of subsis ence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies. '
from July 1. 1896. to June 30. 1897, Inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
furnished upon application at either of the above
olllces.
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by thecertitied
check therein required, nor from any other
parties than bona-fide dealers In the , classes
of articles to be furnished. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon *ome well-known and responsible
Minklng-bouse for at leas' 10 per cent of the
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presl-
d nt of said board, of his bid, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as r quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rate. y. All payments made on contracts will be
paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conaltlons of
the schedules.
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public Interest may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under the amoun anect-
fied. R. M. FITZGERALD, Prrsideuu
J. V. Eixis, Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR HARDWARE, PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, olls,fnrnlture
fuel, stationery, printing, Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, In open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday, May 27, 1896, at 8-30
o'clock p. M., for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of San Francisco
during the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, palms oils
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc, and for doing the
printing required during the same time, In accord-
ance with specifications at the oflice of the Board
Of Education, new City Hall. ™""
j GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THE
-iV. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. -
. LEGAL NOTICES.
TTNTTKO BTATES CI^K^Urr~COURT NIN TH
U Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
fornia. • ' ■
In the matter of a special session ot said Circuit
Couru
Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States It Is ; owrai-es
Ordered that a special ■ session of the Circuit
Court ot the -United States of America of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, in and for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby Is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of said court In the
United Stales Appraisers' building, in the City
and County of San Francisco, in 'said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, In the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six *
at the hour of 1 1 o'clock a. m. "ZT., f *'
Witness my hand and seal 'at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
MAy, A. X). 1896. ' ~ - >
• Seal. (Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dls-
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District uf California, •
And W. J. COST AN Esq., Clerk United States
Circuit Court, Northern District of California.
VTOTICE OF BALE-NOTTCj£ IS HEREBY
-LV given that' the undersigned assignee will on
FRIDAY, the 29th day of May, 189 I, at the hour
of '2 o'clock P. m., in pursuance of an order of the
Superior Court of the State of California, in and for
the county of Alameda, made 00 the »'6th day of
May, 1896. In the matter of J. W. BALDWIN!
Insolvent debtor, sell at public auction, to the high-
est and best bidder, for cash, at No. 113 Powell
street, .--an Francisco, State of California, the fol-
lowing described property, to- wit: 1 safe, 1 bar
and fixtures,' 1 office-desk, 1 business wagon, lot
of lumber and building material, hardware, etc.
Dated Oakland, May 26, 1896. -*».«:«-
-;.■•-'..-;. ' CALVIN B. WHITE,
Assignee of the estate of J. w. Baldwin, an insolv-
ent debtor. '- E. A. HOLMAN,
Attorney tor said Assignee.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
mo^ItENT^NE ; W COT T AG K ; 6 ROOMS"; ALL
X modern Improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bek Mustick and
Encinal station, Alameda. .
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
AM. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.:
• choice investments; choice Investments.
©OXO LOT * 25x114 FT., ON 27TH ST.;
— O U . worth $500.
: $4OO XX>T 25x12 ° FT RICHMOND; ON
(i^\'t\ NEAT MODERN COTTAGE;
<P-i-U«JU. near Market. • ' •- :
' <"siVnnri FLATS AND rear cottage;
\J\J\J. near Leaven worth nt.
fl>9nnn LOT 25z100 FT., ON. OAK; PAN-
t^ZUUU. handle. FLATS, NEAB 7TH AND
€t9^HM 2 GOOD FLATS, NEAB 7TH AND
•\p£iO\J\t. Folsom.
4 NICE FLATS: RENTS $33;
tJDO'JUU. near 12th and Market.
QtQQnn FINEH ME: VICINITY HAIGHT
«JIOOUIf. and Fillmore (foreclosure). :.»
<8t JAnn 4-ROOM GOOD HOUSE AND LOT;
«J)"1V/UU. near 4th and Mission sts.: rents $40.
mi^i^nn CORNER; 2 h uses ON LEAV-
<3SOOUU. worth; lot 60x90 ft.
Cli7^fin 6 FLATS: RENTS »72: WITHIN
<J) i OUlf. sight of Hlbernia Bunk.
Uji (\ (\f\(\ COR. STOKE- and flats;
%a>±\Jt\J\J\J, lot 40x80; rents $76: a grand buy.
Q*l <-} f\f\(\ CORNER (NEW). 6 FLATS;
t3>±_,"JUV/. rents f 116; all rented. '
*) f\f.f. FLATS: LOT. 40x60; WITHIN
O-L—«"VU. block of Orpheum.
*"I 4 (\f\f\ BUSINESS PROPERTY; LOT
«I)lt:.vUU. 50x80 ft.: good improvements;
within a block of Taylor and Market: rents $100.
<& I A f\(\C\ BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
«3>IO.UU*J. Folsom st.; lot 80x80 feet; rents
<5t 49 finn CORNER LOT, 68x187:6 FEET:
«Jp^t_."JUu. all well Unproved (modern) ; rents
$350; offer wanted. .
wanted for Market-st. property, near Call Office.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st. ,
(SePinn PAYS OWNER 11 PER CENT
f\p\JfJ\J\J. per annum: Fillmore st., nr. liaighi-
-4 modern flats: In fine condition; if yon are look-
ing for a good investment at a bargain here is a
chance; investigate.
O'FARRELL «fc CO., 11 Montgomery st.
pACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
• AT A SACRIFICE.
Webster St., one block from cable and electric
cars; contains 8 rooms and bath; in fine condition-
magnificent marine view; worth $8000, will sell
for 5000 and maybe less.
o'FARRiiLL <fc CO., 11 Montgomery su
-ZTZTT" ■ •
T\EVISADERO ST.: BUSINESS PROPERTY:
XJ best part of the street; well improved and
rented: extra large frontage; always occupied; a
first-class and staple Investment.
O'FAKRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
PAGE ST.. 3 BLOCKS FROM MARKET:
elegant building lot; 2 frontages: very sunny;
$3000, and worth $4500: street accented: tine
view.
O'FARRELL <fc CO., 11 Montgomery st.
__r " .•
A NOTHER BARGAIN.
If you are looking for a cheap home of 7 rooms
and bath, near Golden Gate Park, we have a big
bargain on Fulton St., near Devlsadero. Do not
fail to see; street bltumlnized; close to 3 different
car lines; only $3900.
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery so.
<£Qnn 375x120 FEET, AT COLMA, SAN
i&U\J\.r. Mateo County, 1 block from station.
$650-98 :10xl01; K. side Corbett road, near
25th st., also fronts 90 feet on High St., lot 'i,
block 25, Noe Garden Homestead Union.
. 9425—83x140: E. side Corbett road, near 25th
St., also fronts 70 feet on High s:., lot 3, block 25,
Noe Garden Homestead Union.
-• CHAS. C FISHER, 507 California st.
T OT3 ON NINTH AVENUE. "~ ~~~"
LOTS ON TENTH AVENUE.
LOTS ON II STREET.
LOTS ON I STREET.
50 CASH,
flO MONTHLY.
Go out to-day and see this block, facing the
Park-st, the 9th-ave. entrance (south side): has
just been graded: sidewalks laid In front of every
m : . > as and water P"P«8 to property; streets on
oflic'al grade: prices range from
$760 TO $1100,
and they are the best, lots in the city at the prices,
either for Investment or as a home site. ■
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
. • IQMontg mery st,
se7nn EACH. ■ — ~~ —
«© I UK) $50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY,
_. 11 1H AYE., 12TH AYE.
« c are selling lots 01 ji,. and 12th ayes., bet
Lake and California sts., for $700— 550 cash and
$10 monthly— and selling them very fast, too:
there are no other lots in the neighborhood so low
in price; the streets are ail graded, sewered and
macadamized; water pipes laid; ready to build on:
take suiter or California st. cars to-day and see
them. BALDWIN A HAMMuND,
10 Montgomery st.
CC. BEMIS, ' ~~~ - • ... . "
• BJCAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of stanyan st.. bet Carl and
Frederick: 26x100 feet.
$450— san Carlo* Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$ii"00— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$8000—2 modern houses of S rooms each, at
pars: 25x137 :ti fees; electric road pa-ses houses;
make offer.
$2600— 2-story R-roorued house on Harrison it,
bet. First and Fremont
(Jt'SOO— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$»O0 — Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox3so. SW. cor. 19th aye. and
25th St.: elegant lawn, shrnbbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-house; all In good condition; most be sold-
make offer.
PACIFIC UKKiHTii-TIIKM. .\lk i. . v I
A houses. 2817, 2849 and 2»51 Fillmore st., S. of
Green: all modern improvements: reception-hall,
parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat; all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good investment.
"CiOB A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
Tne finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; just being finished: marble steps and all
the latest Improvements: put np'by days' labor:
north side of Fell St., near Scott. Call on premises
or office of owner and builder, DAN EINSTEIN,
630 Market st. '
L. BREsSE A CO., REAL ESTATE
. Agents, 412 Pine it.
$350 — Bargain; must be sold by Thursday, 2
P. M. : corner 80x61 feet; Lakeview.cor. Lakevlew
and Arlington aye.; 2 lots only: near racetrack;
cost owner $1000 cash; title Guaranteed by Cali-
fornia Title insurance Company. .
C»qi RfV COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
«fI>OAUU. Just built; plastered basement: con-
crete walks In front and rear: decorated through-
out and superior to any before built in the Mission;
$350 cash end $30 per month; on Twenty-fourth-
street electric line. 4219, near Douglas st. -
HEAP j HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
\J Berkeley: near station: near good schools.
$376— Lot 39x135; $50 down. $5 monthly.
$SiOO— Lot 26x130; $6 down. $6 monthly.
$560— Lot 60x120; sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. '
QCnnfk LOT 05 HOWABD, NEAR
«ipO"UU. uth: house has large store and IB
rooms. H. F. ROSS, 1035 Valencia st.
JACOB HE YM AN WILL REMOVE JUNE 1
to 11 Montgomery su
T OTS $160 — FRUIT VALE TERMINAL
XJ tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 KOOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
sand cottages built at most- reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHKY, 1149 Mission
T/<OR SALE. CHEAP— TWO 3-STORY HOUSES:
x lot 27:6x86; 7 rooms; bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS.; 96x90
ft.; will subdivide; cheap for cash: also SW.
20th and Treat ay.; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
tToR SALE — ELEGANT 12- ROOM HOUSE,
X Just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
©1 AF.fi RARE CHANCE FOR A HOME:
tlpA'iOv/. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 60x60. Holly Park: small payments, same as
rent. V VDKXASSO A CO.. 512 Montgomery st. ;.
~~ PKOPKKXI TO EXCHANGE. ~
HnA BARGAINS— WHATDO YOU WANT?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sices, from $100 to 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
26 lodging-bouses and hotels from ?'.'OO to. 3,000
•i lota, ocean View, 60x126 ...:.:......;.-.. 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent $160....: 25,000
20 acres; Sonoma County; improved 1,000
40 acres near Santa Rosa 6,000
House and lot In san J05e....... 1,200
House and lot in this city 1.600
Lodging-house of 60 rooms In city.......... 4,000
H. C. DECKER. 10~U Market »U. opposite Fifth.
XCHANGE— IMPROVED RANCH. UN-
Incumbered. lot In San Francisco, 47x114 feet,
1 on Twenty-fourth St., Nos. 933 and 934,w1th build-
ings In cood condition; 'i stores; - large hall com-
pletely fitted up; 4-room cottage; - electric-cars on
street; valuation $8000 ; mortgage $3000. - J., box
4, Call Office. ,/ .. : ',-•-■
L XCHANGE— COTTAGE AND LOT.TWENTY-
Vj second st., near San Pablo aye.. and business
corner lot on Seven St.. Oak lan 1, for improved
frult'farm near Hay wards. Address ! Store, 1648
Park su, Alameda. : .
1 9CH ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
■ I —Ol ' water: fine for cattle-ralslng. N..bx.l6.CaU :
UlLL'n,; '•. STORAGE. " : ''■'■ '
"qtorXgTc^c^e^plebtTnthecity ; fire"
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD-
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
TH. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
.redeced rates: basement storage, 50 per load
T OWKST - KATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. ; J. M. P«erce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rr.u-s. fire-proof building; Eastern ■ plan.
.vI'T X" iT". SATES FOR STORING FURNI-
! .~\. tar?, -.c &HIREK A BHIREK. 747 Market
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE,
<C &000 A HOME RANCH. 2*6 MILES
■ITOUUU. from Santa Rosa; 66 acres, including
b-room cotta?e (hard finished). and furniture; barn
and farm Implements, windmill and tank; 3
horses, 1 cow, chickens, etc.; Intending purchasers
only will please api ly to C. STAHL, grocer, cor.
J-ourth and Wilson sts., Santa Rosa, who will fur-
nish free transportation to the ranch. Further In-
formation may be obtained at 2914 California St.,
between 6 and Bp. v. ■ . - : . • : -,
yOB. SALE, RENT OR EXCHANGE FORICITY
i. property-one mile from Wrights, Santa Clara
645 U V ' acres; "** acre » bearing vines. Apply
ORANGE LANDS. ~ '■
HAN LANDS. .
, . BARGAIN PRICES.
B XRQAINPRXCESi
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good investment: It will cost
2?!* X « nlmproved -J f7o0 L Panted and cultivated
•1760; about «300 cash, balance In five annual
payments; no interest; the trees Diane ed on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. , ' . - #
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
_, „ _ t^-^V™ «38 Market st., San Francisco.
OrF. T. OWING, our representative, Oakdale,
"ELEGANTLY furnished BUMMER VILLA
±J and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; fumishincs
Insured for $£000; property of H.H.DAVIS.
CHARLES COLTO.N, 90« Market St.
rpo SAVE FORECLOSING MORTGAGE —
X Choice lands $35 per acre; 1% hours from city.
Alameda Land Company, 57 Chronicle building.
FOR SALE — FINE HOME OX TOM ALES
Bay; 5 minutes from postofflce, station and
schooihouse; property comprises aoout 80 acres
nrst-clasa farm land: 8 fields, from 1 to 26 acres
each; house lVa stories; atone cellar; 2 barns, 1
dairy-bouse, granary, woodshed and several
chicken-houses; abundant spring water; well
fenced; 33 fruit trees; county roads within 100
yards: N. P. C. K. R. skirts the property; price
only Jl6O per acre, half cash, balano- on mortgage.
For particulars apply to JaMES BIUCIUNI,
Marshall, Marin County, t'al.
LOCATED IN ALAMEDA COUNTY - 320
acres of farming and grazing land; plenty of
water and Umber: only $b per acre. Inquire 408
Twelfth st.. Oakland, or 41 sixth St., S. F.
acres good fkuit or
«JP X.\'\J\r. grain land near S. P. R. R.; bargain:
must sell. Addrc.l3 F. H. W., 1109 Van Ness aye.
(<(\f\ ACRE DAIBY.HOG AND WOOD RANCH:
y W U. S. patent; lVfc miles from two station.-), 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable: 40
in hay; fair house, barn, et«.; 10 spnnss and two
running streams of water; will cam- 100 head ef
stock and cvi 8000 cords of oak wood: $9500: half
cash: a snap. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City, Cal.
FOR RENT-12 AOREB OF LAND 8 MILES
-V of Petaluma; well improved. Address C.
box 831. Petaluma. Cal.
pONTRA COSI'A COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez. CaL
MAHIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cnt any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
OENDFOKOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HO MKS
O for sale. WUOSTER A WHITTON. Saa Jo«e.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN- 1M-
X-l proved: easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 633 Market St.. 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
rpWO-STORY HOUSE AND LOT IN GOOD LO-
X cation in Oakland: only 2 blocks from station;
house in orst-ciuss condi ion: p.urnbing entirely
new; will sell on easy terms or exchange ior im-
proved or unimproved San Francisco property.
Address R. P.. box 20, Call Office.
\V'E HAVE $1000 AND ALSO $2500 AT 8 PKR
" cent Interest, and another mnd at 7y a per
1 cent Interest, to loan on improved Oakland reai
esiate. if well located. HUGH M. CAMERON,
; Broker, 479 Ninth at., Oakland.
TTOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
, XJ. ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tioh: 46 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers.
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, KDWARD DICK, agent, Frultvale sta-
j OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOMs7~TOMPLETELy'fiR^
\J nlshed for housekeeping; Twenty-third aye.,
I East Oakland: bath; hot and cold water: all
i modern conveniences: piano: nice garden; fruit
trees and chickens: electric cars pass the door-
convenient to local train for San Francisco- de-
Ughtfnl climate. Address M. E. C. box £0. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— -
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. ; house 4
, rooms. Grand st. : cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Kan Francisco or country property. Apply
KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.,
■- - ■ ■ _J San Francisco, Cal.
C*»9qnn 6-KOOM COTTAGE; $300 CASH
«Jp_OV"v/. and $2t> per month.
$2760— 5-room cottage; $250 cash and $25 per
month. '
S.^OUO— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month. t ■
If we have nothing on hand to suit, will build to
order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY. 1364 Park St.. Alameda.
<fl*9£fm LOVELY NEW COTTAGE OF 6
•]p~jmJ\J\i. rooms; all improvements and street
work; easy terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 6, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms:. from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh su. Alameda. _
SNAP— IF YOU WAN ITO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one Just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda: I
am sure if you wished to buy it will suit yon, as it
is for sale; 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished; open most every afternoon. OEO. B.
M. GRAY. 453 Ninth at.. Oakland.
BEKKEIKY KEAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES FOP. RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center at.. Bnrk»-li»T.
, BERKELEY HOUSES. . \
FOR RENT^CHOICEST LOCATION^^IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc. ; all beautifully
furnished; to flrst-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
il<OR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE OF FOUR
X rooms and bath: $26. Apply GEORGE H.
BTRICKER, 2132 Shattuck aye. ■ . .
IfOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
r and batn ; piano; $30. UOl4 Virginia St., near
Shattuck aye.. Berryman station.
J?<OR RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OP
1 12 • rooms, Dwlght way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dwlglu-way station. - .
iUVOKCi!f~FKOCEEA>INCr;j.~~
Complaint filed:
Ida Marks against Isaac Marks. .
Divorce granted:
Mamie Clarke from Grant Clarke, for extreme
cruelty, by Judge Dalngarfield. Plaintiff allowed
to resume her maiden name of Mamie Algsen.
feiRTIIS~-aARRIAGES~DEAT{IS. "
BORN.
ARMER— In this city. May 26, 1896, to the wife
' of Ben Armer, a daughter. '.
O'SHEa— ln this city. May 23, 1898, to the wife
of P. J. O'Shea, a daughter.
MAKKIED.
HARKEfI— BUTTLER— In Berkeley, May 26,
1896, bt the Rev. Dr. Paine, Charles G. Harker
and Hafriette C. Buttler.
LEUSCHNER-DENICKE— May 28, 1898, by
Judge Slack, Armln o. Leuschnerof Berkeley
and Ida Denlckeor San Francisco.
BEABES— URMY— In Berkeley, at Miss Head's
Schoo.. May 26, 1896, by the Rev. W. 8. Urmv,
Frederick N. Scares of the University of Cali-
fornia and Mabel Urmy, daughter of the offici-
ating clergyman.
OAEI>.
Allen, Lizzie McDonnell, Kate
Cohn. Jacob Mcßean, George
Conway, Michael McDonnell, Rose
Costello, Michael McFadden, Stephen J.
Donovan, Mary Murray, Mary
Duffy. Mary L Moran, Richard
Davis (infant) O'Brin, P. J.
Garlot, Louise Z. OV'on tor, Josephine
Hammlll. Thomas Page. Margaret R.
Hund, John B. Roptr, Catherine
Hoyt, Fletcher S. Riley, James J.
Kelsty, George W. Schneider. Anna
Kilsny. Annie Sullivan, William J-
Lundberg, James A. Stone, Isaac
Leroux. Pierre A. Tynan, Thomas
McCabe, Mary Tlghe, William
Woebber, Mary L.
ALLEN-In tbe City and County Hospital, May
26, 1896, LiMie Allen, aged 26 years.
COHN-ln this city. May 25, 1896, Jacob, beloved
husband of Betsy Cohn and father of Mrs. Net-
tle Neustadter, William and Isidor Cohn and
I , Mrs. Harry Schwartz, a native of ■ Nakel, Prus-
sia, aged 60 years and 10 months. -
*3"Frlends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 10:30 o'clock a. * at his late residence. 1117
Scott street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
■ tery, by 11:45 o'clock a. 1 m. train from Third
and Townsend streets. v
COSTELLO-In Ukiah, Cal., May 25, 1696,
Michael Costello, beloved brother of Dennis and
John Costello, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
'aged 40 years. . . .
• . .6"flrFrlends and : acquaintances are respect-
fr"y invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday) at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the patv
lors of J. C. O'Connor <£. Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's r Church, Tenth street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
1 o'clock a. x. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
. Please omit flowers.
; CONWAY— In this City. 'l May . 26, 1896, Michael,
beloved husband of Mary Con way, and father of
Henry Con way. a native of Dunrale, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years. .
Friends an<l' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 2875 Twenty-third street, thence to
St Peter's church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, - where a solemn requiem hlith ■ mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul, com-
' mencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Interment Holy
■ Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In the City and County Hospital, May
26, 1896, infant child of Lizzie Davis
DONOVAN— In this city, May 25, 1896, Mary
Donovan, beloved mother of Michael Forrest and
Mrs. William Keating, a native of Cork, Ireland,
aged 80 years. .
£S~Friends and acquaintances are resnecc-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 :S0 o'clock a.m., from the
. residence of her son, 527 O'Farrell street, tnence
t6 St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencine at 10 o'clock a. x. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. , 
DUFFY— In this city, May 2?. 15 96. Mary Isa-
belle. infant daughter of Thomas B. and Kate
Duffy, a native of San- Francisco, aged 14 days.
OARIOT— Alamedtv, May 26, 1896. Louise
Zallet Gar beloved mother of Henrlette
Brand, a native of France, aged 69 years and
' 8 months. '-<g£i#« HmP%iiI)M iWMJMfaJI T _'BH
AB*'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral by her daugh-
t er. • Henriette Brand, • her son-in-law, I Lucien
Brand, and her granddaughter, Marie Brand.
The funeral services will be held TO- MORROW
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m., at her late
residence. .2241 Pacific avenue, Alameda- In-
terment private at Mountain. View Cemetery.
HAMMILL— In Sonora, Tuolumne County, May
24, 1896. THomas, beloved husband of the late
Anna Hammlll, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years. -
WThe funeral will take place THIS " DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Ruhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. : Interment Masonic Cemetery. ,,
HOYT— In Alameda. Cal., May 26, 1896. Fletcher
8. Hoyt, son of /Mrs. C. KVCadman, aged 25
years. ...
HUND— In this city, May 25. 18»6. at his late resi-
dence, 333 Twenty-ninth e'.reei, John 8., beloved
husband of Johanna Hund a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 42 years and 11 months. ' ■■■
JB9~Frtends Ann acquaintance. 1 are respectfully
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Wednesday), ■ st 2 o'clock p. _, from Teutonla
Hall, 1332 Howard street, where services will be
held. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. -. ■ • '
A. O. U. W. — To the officers and members of
Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W. : You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, J. B. Hund, THIS DAY (Wednes-
day), at 2 p. m., from Teutonia Hall. 1322 How-
ard street By order M. CRANE, M. W.
 L. Johxsok, Recording Secretary- . .
KELSEY— this city. May 24, 1896, George VV.,
beloved husband of Mary Kelsey and father of
Pearl Kelsey, a native of Ohio, aged 44 years.
«3~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from bis late
residence, 58 Natoma street. Please omit flow-
. ers.
KILSBY— In Oakland. May 25, 1891, Annie, be-
loved wife of J. Martin Kllsbv and sister of Mrs.
J. D. Scanlan, a native of County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 32 years.
LUNDBERG— In this city. May 26. 1896, James
Albert Lund berg, a native of San Francisco,
■ aged 4 months and 18 days.
LEROUX— In this city. May 26. 1896, Pierre
Amedee Leroux. a native of France, aged 74
. years and 7 months. . ■ -■ •
McBE AN— ln the City and County Hospital, May
'• 26, 1896, George Me Beau.
: MCDONNELL— In this city, May 26. 1896, Rose,
beiovei wife of Michael and dearly beloved
mother of Mamie, Katie, Annie, Edward,
Thomas, Rose and James McDonnell. 'Mrs.
Frank Darra:b and the late Mrs. Esther Carney,
a native of the parish of , Cargen, County
Armagh, Ireland, aged 47 years.
McCABE-In this city, May 25, 1896, Mary.
widow of the late Richard McCabe, a native of
County Louth, Ireland, aged 79 years and 8
months.
jsj3~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. x., from 1106
Clay street, thence to St. Mary's Church, Cali-
fornia and Dupont streets. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ;. . :
MCDONNELL— In Oakland, May 26, 1898, Kate
McDonnell, beloved wif- of Patrick -McDonnell,
. a native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 38
years 7 months and 1 day. . .
j(Es* Friends and - acquaintances are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 811 Twelfth street, thence to the Church
of Immaculate Conception, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be said for the repose of her
soul, commencing' at 9 a. x. Interment St
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. .. •
McFADDEN— In Golden Gats, Alameda County,
.v ay 26. Stephen J. ' McFadden, beloved son of
. James J. and Emma McFadden, a native of Los
Angeles, aged 9 years.
MORAN-In the City and County Hospital, May
26, 1896, Richard Moran, aged 38 years.
MURRAY— In this city, May 26, 1896, Mary,
• beloved wife of Charles Murray, a native of Ger-
many, aged 28 years.
aS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. x., from her. late
residence, 124 Townsend street. Interment
■ Cypress Lawn Cemetery. • • ■ . ■
O'BRIN— this city. May 26, 1896, P. J. O'Brln,
father of Willis, John J. , Joseph M., J. H. and
Sister Mary Helena O'Bnn, a native of Ireland,
aged 72 years. ■
#3"Notice of funeral hereafter. -
O'CONNOR— In this city. May 25, 181 6. Jo-
sephine, beloved daughter of Peter and Julia
O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, . aged 1
year and 7 months. ■
PAGE— In this city, Margaret Ruth " Page, be-
loved daughter ot . Robert J. and A nnle E. Page
. and granddaughter of Thomas ana Margaret
Stewart, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
6 months and 7 days. . ■ - ■ ■ ■
83-Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. x.. from 127
Gates street, Berna: Heights. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Rir.KY— ln this city. May 26. 1896. James J., be-
loved husband of the late Klien Riley, father of
Nannie, Moilie. John, James A., Joseph E.,
1 Rtanzle and Allle Riley, and brother of John and
i bitter Alpbonsus Wiley, a native Of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 56 years and 9 months.
$9TFriends ana acquaintances are re*nect-
fully Invited to attend «he funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x., from his late
residence, '..08 Fifteenth street, nfcar Howard,
thence to the Church of St Charles • Borromeo,
Eighteenth and shot well streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing 'at 9 o'clock a. m. '
Interment, Santa Clara, by 10:40 train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
ROPER— In his city. May 25. 1896, Catherine,
wife 01 Edward Roper, a native of England, aged
75 years. - [New York Journal, Baltimore and
■ Victoria papers please copy. |•' ..;
j*3T Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS i>AY
■ (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. x., from her' late
residence, southeast corner of Van Ness avenue
and Turk street Interment private.
SCHNEIDER— In this city. May 26. 1896, Anna,
beloved wife of Daniel Schneider, and mother of
. Maggie, Annie. Dora, Freddie, Bertha and Lot-
tie Schneider, and sister of H. B. Goecken, a na-
tive of Anrich, Hanover, Germany, aged 45
years 6 months and VO days. . . , :
Friends and acquaintance! are re^nect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
• (Thursday), at 2 . o'clock p. x.. from her late
. residence, 681 Clementina street, between
Seventh and Eighth, Howard and Folsom. In
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
STONK— In this city, May 26. 1896, Isaac Stone,
■ beloved husband of Hannah Stone and father of
Mrs. B. Sinsbelmer, Jacob, Marcus, Abraham L.,
Belle and Leon D. Stone, a native of Austria,
aged 74 years and 9 months. ' nrfi'tiiilkftrii'i
- *S" Friends > and. acquaintances ara resneot-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
v (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock x.. from his late
residence, 1409 Van iS ess avenue. Interment
Home of Peace, by special train from Third and
To wnsend street at 10:50 o'clock.
SULLIVAN— this city. May 26, 1896, William.
. J., beloved husband of Rose . and father of Wil-
liam Sullivan, a native of the parish of Tr&lee,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 44 years.ts^irji-Ert,--
JBS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 A. x., from the undertaking
parlors of McGinn Bros. , 81 Eddy street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where services will be
celebrated for the repose of his souL . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. I|| Wj(l<fHl TOi"liilßVW *M
TIGHE— In this city, May 26. 1896, .William,
1 beloved . father of 1 Norah, Patrick and Thomas
'Ttgheand brother of Katie and Maggie Tlghe
an I Mrs.'D. Flnnlgan. a native of Tuam, County
Gal way. Ireland, aged 76 years. :; : .
TYNAN— In this city. May 25, 1896, Thomas, be-
loved husband of Rose Tvnan, and stepfather of
Mrs. J. A. Foley, 1 a nail of County Kilkenny,
Ireland," ased 65 years. " 'iirrf|ii~nff "iiTlflWWlfllhnijf
jggr Friends and acquaintances are : respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
; (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock A.X.. from his late
resilience, 508% Grove street, thence to Sacred
. Heart Church, where a requiem high mass will
:be ■ celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
a. x. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. : '
WOEBBER— In this city, May 25, 1896, Mary
, I ouis-\ beloved- wife ot Henry Woebber, and
mother of George and Willie Garrett, a native of
. Ohio, aged 39 years.  . ' -
r UNITED : UNDERTAKERS' ; I ™
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Every thins Requisite for First-ciaas Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. ■ '. :
Telephone south 167. i 27 and 29 Fifth st.
■■■ . ■.■ ■--■- --- -j Cr- -■;<r ;r :->'..■■■■.■,• -.'-j .
. MCAVOY A CALLACHER,. I
, FUNERAL DLRECTOBS 4 EMBALM
•0 Fifth St. . Opp. Lincoln School.
■ " '.-: "; Telephone 8080. " : . •;" ,
1516
ASSESSOR SIEBE ARRESTED A SECOND TIME,
Charged With Having Un-'
der- Assessed Judge Wal
lace's Property.
A aUESTION OF VALUES.
Secretary Willcutt's Opinion of
the Market -Street
System.
WORTH ONLY FIVE MILLIONS.
Not Worth More Than Four Millions
When Bonds for Seventeen and
a Half Were Issued.
There was a sensation early in the morn
ing yesterday in the preliminary examina
tion of Assessor Siebe. Secretary Willcutt
of the Market-street Railway system bad
just resumed the stand, with four big red
wood boxes of books and a pile of ledgers,
when Mr. Freidenrich announced that the
Assessor had been arrested on a warrant
issued by Judge Campbell, charging him
with perjury in having assessed Judee Wal
lace's real and personal property below its
actual cash value. The complaint had
been sworn to by J. W. Darragh, and Mr.
Siebe at that moment was engaged in get
ting bonds.
"I think that some of those proceedings
are a farce," said Mr. Clunie, "and I move
that his bonds be declared forfeited."
Judge Wallace remarked that he would
wait for Mr. Siebe, and in a few moments
that gentleman came in.
Mr. Willcutt was on the stand for the
greater part of the day, and he furnished
the second sensation by "going dead lame
on the track." In other words, he seemed
to have lost the power of speech when it
came his turn to reply to Mr. Clunie's
questions as to the property of the Market
street Railway system. He finally said
that the cash value of the system was not
more than $4,000,000 when he as a director
voted to issue bonds upon the property of
the road for $17,500,000.
Mr. Willcutt proceeded to read the reso
lution under which the different railway
systems consolidated with the Market'
street Railway Company, that corpora
tion assuming all debts and obligations of
the old companies and being vested with
the capital stock, franchises and all real
and personal property.
Freidenrich objected to the introduction
of the minutes of the consolidation on the
grounds that they were irrelevant and did
not bear upon the matter at issue, but
Judge W T allace promptly overruled the
objection and Mr. W T illcutt replied that the
officers of the Market-street Railway did
not make any investigation into the values
of the roads and their bonded indebted
ness.
"Do I understand you to say," inquired
Mr. Clunie, i'that your company accepted
a bonded indebtedness of more that:
$7,000,000 without any investigation what
ever into the values?"
Mr. Willcutt replied that no investiga
tion was made because the officers of the
company were conversant with the values
of the roads about to be taken into the
consolidation. He then proceeded to read
a statement of the earnings of the various
companies constituting the consolidation.
Among these were the Omnibus Railroad
Company, which, starting with a protit of
$55,561 01 in 1888 and $117,206 09 in 1890-91,
dwindled to $18,446 60 in 1892-93. Also
the North Beach and Mission Railway
Company, with a profit in 1887-88 of
$78,249 53, reached a loss of $1606 62 in
1890-91, of $8338 89 in 1891-92 and of
$20,092 07 in 1892-93. The Market-street
Railway Company started with a profit in
1890 of $247,281, in 1891 of $294,801, in 1892
of $394,729 and in 1893 of $155,744.
Mr. Willcutt then read a long list of
suits begun againet the company for
damages for injuries and deaths on the
Btreet railway system. Appended to most
of these was the note: "Got off the car
while in motion."
These were all the memoranda that he
had.
"Now, Mr. Willcutt," asKed Mr. Clunie,
"did you, as a director of the Market
street Railway Company, after the con
solidation, vote for the issuance of $17,500,
-000 of bonds on this road and was that
resolution adopted?"
The Assessor's attorneys objected to the
question. He contended that it was not
fair to go into the history of the railroad
company, and that the proper mode of
procedure was to introduce the assess
ment roll and to take up each piece of
property of the company assessed on the
roll and ascertain whether or not it had
been under-assessed.
Mr. Clunie explained that he wanted to
show that Mr. Willcutt was an expert as to
the value of the property of the company,
and Mr. Freidenrich admitted that the
witness knew the value of the property.
Judge Wallace remarked that the charge
against the Assessor was not that he had
made a mistake, but that he had delibe
rately violated his oath by deliberately
under-assessing the property of the corpo
ration.
The witness explained that the resolu
tion authorizing the issuance of the bonds
was adopted, and that in pursuance thereof
a meeting of stockholders was held on
June 28, 1894, at which meeting a resolu
tion was adopted confirming the action of
the board of directors and authorizing the
NEW TO-DAY.
i r '+ts]!* 'i~?+t%n I \ fjf \jr.^r?T%3ißw3
BQLjflflHDjyfJ»7SpL v v I 9 9 9 BE&aß&&^K^Fa
T*EAT*«irT. — For r«d. rough, chapped, or di*- ■
Hoolored iuuida. wok them in action;, not "aada* ■
HofCimcssi Soap, dry thoroughly, and apply Cr- ■
■ ticcka (ointment), wearing love* durin the night BS
Jg&nxßtuxvQ *£■«( . Cosr H Sole Fropt., fiotUm. |
board to take the necessary steps for the
issuing of the bonds. This issue of bonds
amounted practically to an increase of the
old indebtedness of $7,000,000 to $17,500,000.
The subsequent steps in the matter of
the bond issue were next detailed by Mr.
Willcutt at the suggestion of Mr. Clunie,
md pending this matter the court ad
journed till 2 p. M.
After recess John W. Darragh, the man
who bad caused the second arrest of the
Assessor, was called to the stand.
Darragh was put through a rigid exam
ination by Mr. Clunie as to his knowledge
of the subject-mtter of the complaint to
which he had sworn, "and also as to
whether his action had been instigated by
Martin Kejly.
When Mr. Clunie asked Darragh whether
he knew Martin Kelly Darragh did not
pretend to understand the import of the
question and he asked back, "Which Mar
tin Kelly?"
Before Mr. Clunie had'an opportunity of
informing Mr. Darragh as to the identity
of the particular Martin Kelly referred to
Lawyer A. Barnard, Martin Kelly's attor
ney, popped up from behind Mr. Clunie
and in an agitated manner objected to the
question on the ground that it was irrele
vant and simply a waste of time to inquire
which Mr. Kelly it was the witness knew.
Judge Wallace overruled the objection,
and Mr. Darragh confessed that he knew a
Martin Kelly who lived on Fremont street.
Again Lawyer Barnard objected, and
again Judge Wallace sat down on him.
Darragh went on to say that he met Mar
tin Kelly, the ex-political boss, in the
Baldwin Hotel on the evening before, but
had no conversation with him except to
say, "Good evening, Mr. Kelly." He did
not go there for the purpose of meeting
Kelly. He was simply taking a walk. He
denied that he had had any conversation
with Kelly on the subject of the contem
plated arrest of Assessor Siebe for under
assessing Judge Wallace's property.
Darrae'h finally admitted that he had
never seen the assessment roll except that
part of it or that page of it on which his
own property was listed, and that Martin
Kelly's attorney, Barnard, had prepared
the type-written complaint, which he had
signed and to which he had sworn.
Mr. Willcutt was recalled and testified
that he did not think he would give $5,
-000,000 for the Market-street Railroad sys
tem, as it stood on the first Monday in
March, 1895.
"Was it worth $5,000,000?" asked Judge
Wallace.
"I don't think it was." replied Mr. Will
cutt.
"Was it worth $4,000,000?"
"That is a matter of individual opinion,"
was the reply.
"What is it worth now?" asked Judge
Wallace.
"I object to the question," said Mr.
Friedenrich.
Judee Wallace overruled the objection
and repeated the question.
"That is simply a matter of opinion."
"Are your bonds above par?"
"Yes; slightly above par."
"Now," continued Judge Wallace, "if
the property would support a bond issue
of $17,500,000 under a deed of trust, sup
pose that only ten of those bonds are on
the market and they are all at par, would
that indicate the value of the property,
especially when the buyer of the ten
bonds knows that the other bonds will
follow?"
"If the other bonds were placed upon
the market," said Mr, Willcutt, "it would
require additional property to secure
them — but I don't think I understood
your question."
Judge Wallace repeated, "Say that ten
bonds have been put upon the market and
are above par, would" not that indicate
that the property is good eecuritv for
$17,500,000?"
"Not necessarily," replied Mr. Willcutt,
hesitatingly.
"When a financier buys one bond of an
issue of $17,500,000 does he not look to t-he
security for the other bonds that may be
placed on the market?" persisted Judge
Wallace.
"Certainly," replied Mr. Willcutt.
He replied to other questions that, after
the issuance of the $10,000,000 in bonds,
the stock sold for $40 per share. But he
explained that, while a few bonds might
bring $40, yet the market was ho sensitive
that if more bonds were put on the market
their value would fall. They are selling
to-day at $44, he explained, aud the price
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896.
had gone as high as $47 during the last
three months.
With reference to the cost of the road,
the witness said it was built by the Pacific
Improvement Company at a cost of
$3,000,000, including power-house, rolling
stock, etc.
Mr. Clunie returned to the question of
values, ana asked Mr. Willcutt whether
at the time he, as a director, voted for the
$17,500,000 issue be knew the cash value
of the road.
Mr. Willcutt evaded the question. He
said that it would depend upon the condi
tions.
"But," interrupted Judge Wallace, show
ing considerable surprise, "you knew what
those conditions were at that time. Now,
what in your judgment, taking into i con
sideration all the conditions, would it be
worth in cash?"
"That would depend upon the condi
tions," repeated Mr. Willcutt. "We pro
posed issuing those bonds for the purpose
of improving the road and thus making it
more valuable."
After more shuffling on the part of the
witness Judge Wallace asked, a little im
patiently:
"Was it worth $1000?"
"Yes," replied Mr. Willcutt promptly.
"Was it worth more than $1000?"
"Yes; I may venture to say that it waa
worth $4,000,000."
"When you voted for the issue of $17,
-| 000,000 of bonds you believed that the
cash value of the property which was the
security for those bonds was $4,000,000— is
that correct?" asked Mr. Glunie.
"Yes, sir; the cash value."
"Suppose somebody came along and
offered you $4,000,000 cash, would you
have sold the road for that?" asked Judge
Wallace.
•'That would be a matter for the consid
eration of the directors, the larger owners,
Crocker, Huntington, Stanford & C 0.," re
plied Mr. Willcutt after a long pause.
The affidavit accompanying a statement
of the company's property as returned by
E. Blackburn Ryan to the Assessor was
handed to tne witness. He recognized his
signature thereon, but did not remember
A. J. Clunie in Meditation, With Assessor Siebe Behind Him ; Secre
tary Willcutt and His Wagon-Load of Books ; Martin Kelly's Law
yer, Mr. Barnard, Who Was Sat Upon by Judge Wallace.
that he bad ever seen the statement be
fore, and he was not sure whether he had
sworn to it, although Notary Public
Ryan's seal was on it. He had no recol
lection of having signed it, although he
did not dispute the signature. Mr. Ryan
made out all the taxstatements.
E. Blackburn Ryan was the next witness.
He said tnat. he sent the slip around to
Mr. Willcutt and obtained his signature to
the affidavit. Then he called upon Mr.
Willcut and administered the oatn. The
data was prepared from the books in
Willcutt's office by a son of Mr. Willcutt.
The blanks in the Assessor's statement
were made by Miss Mary Hull, a clerk of
Mr. Ryan. He called upon the Assessor
and was informed that Mr. Siebe would
raise the assessment. He did raise it be
tween $000,000 and $700,000. Ryan had no
conversation with Siebe other than to say
that t.e thought the statement as turned
in by Ryan was a high enough valuation.
He never paid Mr. Siebe or Fred Siebe a
dollar.
Here the court adjourned .until 10
o'clock this morning.
THE COMPLAINT.
Allegations Respecting the Value
of Judsre Wallace's Property.
The following is the complaint sworn to
by J. W. Darragh after the preliminary
recital:
That on the 20th day of July, 1895, at the
City and County ol San Francisco, State of
California, the crime of perjury was commit
ted by John D. Siebe in manner and form as
follows, to wit:
That ever since and prior to the Ist day of
January, 1880, the City and County of San
Francisco has been and now is a municipal
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the State of California;
that at an election regularly held at the City
and County of San Francisco on the 6th day
of November, 1894, for the election of officers
of said City and County, John D. Siebe was
elected Assessor of the said City and County
for the term of four yean from and after the
first Monday after the Ist day of January
1895, and that thereafter said John D. Siebe
duly qualified as such Assessor, and ever since
the first Monday after the Ist day of January,
1895, he Has been, and now is, the duly
elected, qualified and acting Assessor of said
City and County of San Francisco, State of Cal
ifornia.
That between the first Monday in the month
of March, 1895, and the 20th day of July.
1895, said John D. Siebe as such Assessor pre
pared and completed an assessment-book in
which he purported to have listed and assessed
c PT°P cr ty within the City and County of
can Francisco subject to assessment and tax
ation within said City and County of San
r rHncisco for the fiscal year commencing July
1, 1895, and in which he purported to have set
down and assessed the same at its full cash
value, and which purported to contain the
matters and thines required by nection 3650
of the Political Code of the State 'of California.
That on the 20th day of July. 1895, and after
the completion of said assessment book of the
City and County of Pan Francisco, State of Cal
ifornia, said John D Siebe, as such Assessor,
appeared before Hon. James M. Trontt.who
then and there was the duly elected, qualified
and acting Judge of the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Francisco, State oi Cal
ifornia, and who as such then and there had
authority to administer such oath, and then
and there before the said Hon. James M.
Troutt. as such Judge, after the administration
to him by such Judge of an oath, said John D.
Siebe.as such Assessor, did willfully, corruptly,
falsely and feloniously subscribe, depose, swear
and make oath to the truth of a certain affida
vit and the matter and things therein con
tained, said affidavit so subscribed and sworn;to
being then and there entered upon said assess
ment book and being in words and figures as
follows:
Statk of Calikobnia, l
City and County of San Francisco. / "*•"
I, John D. Siebe, Assessor in and for the City
and County of San Francisco, do swear that be
tween the first Monday in March and the first
Monday in July, 1895, I have made diligent in
quiry and examination to a-icerialn all the prop
erly within the city and County aforesaid, subject
to assessment by me. and that the same has been
assessed in the assessment book, equally and uni
formly, according to the best of my judgment and
belief, at its full cash value, and that I have faith
fully complied with all the duties Imposed on the
Assessor under the revenue laws, and that I have
not Imposed any unjust assessment through malice
or 111 will, nor allowed any one to escape a just as
sessment through favor or regard.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day
Of July, 1885. JA.ME* If. TROI.'TT,
Judge of Superior Court.
JOHN D. SIEBE,
Assessor of the City and County of San Francisco.
Whereas, in truth arid in fact, as the said
John I). Siebe as such Assessor then and there
well knew, all the property situated within
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, subject to assessment by him as
such Assessor for the purposes of taxation for
said fiscal year beginning July 1, 1895, had
not been assessed upon said assessment book
equally and uniformly according to the best of
his Judgment, information aud belief at its
full cash value, in this, that on, at and prior to
12 o'clock meridian of the first Monday in
March, 1895, one William T. Wallace, residing
at 799 Van Ness avenue, said City and County
of San Francisco, was and continually after
said time, to and including the time of the
making of said affidavit by said Joha D. S^ebe,
as he then and there well knew, the owner of
real and personal property subject to
taxation under ibe laws of the State
of California and situated within the
i ltv and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and that as deponent is in
formed and believes a part of said property,
tv wit: the said persoual property at all of
said times was of the full cash value of $10,
-<>oo and over, and deponent therefore alleges
ii «l« l ?£l ersollal property was of the v^lue of
SMO.OOO and over, undat all of said times it
would have been taken in payment of a just
debt due from said William T. " Wallace for said
amount, and that at all said times said John D.
biebe, as such Assessor, well knew the cash
v ? I?, e ,w\^ id Krsonal property to be the sum
of * 10,000 and over, and then azid theie dur
uiK !il of said times, he, said John D. Siebe,
m 11 knew that said personal property was
the property of snid William T. Wallace, and
that the same was subject to assessment by
him for the purposes of taxation for said fisca"l
year commencing July \, 1895, and tnat dur
ing all of said times the same would have been
taken in payment of a just debt, due from said
W llliam T. Wallace for the sum of $10,000 and
over; that notwithstanding such knowledge
on his part, said John D.Blebe as such Assessor,
knowingly, willfully and corruptly assessed
said personal property upon said assessment
book, for the purposes of taxation for the fiscal
year commencing July 1, 1895, at the sum of
Sr-I.H>O instead of at the sum of $10,000 and
over, its full cash value, and that at tne time
ol the making of said affidavit by said John D.
Bute, as hereinbefore set forth, said personal
property whs listed upon said assessment book,
and wa.« assessed thereon at the sum of $1900,
Instead of its full cash value of #10,000 and
over, as said John D. Siebe as such Assessor
then and there well knew.
That at the time of tne making of said affl
t Z ltl £ 8 he then and there well knew, said
t . n • Biebe had not faithfully complied
witn all the duties imposed on him as such
Asi : ss~r under the revenue laws of the State of
California, in this: That he had willfully,
knowingly and corruptly failed and neglected
to assess tha property of the said William T.
Wallace,w allace, situated in the said City and County
of ban Francisco and subject to taxation and
assessment by him as such Assessor within
said City and County of San Francisco for said
fiscal year commencing July 1, 1895, at its full
caMi value, but had knowingly, willfully and
corruptly assessed the same at but $1900,
when its full value, as he then and there well
knew, was $10,000 and over.
And that at the time of the making of said
affidavit and the taking of said oath he, John
I). Siebe, as such Assessor, had, as he then and
there well knew, knowingly, willfully and
corruptly permitted William T. Wallace to
escape a just and equal assessment upon his
said personal properly, subject to assessment
by him as such Assessor for the purposes of
taxation for the fiscal year commencing July
1, 1895, through favor shown by him as such
Assessor to William T. Wallace in his not as
sessing the s»id personal property of the said
William T. Wallace at its full cash value.
Deponent further says upon information and
belief that on. at and prior to 12 o'clock meri
dian of the first Monday in March, 1895, the
said William T. Wallace was and continuously
after said time to and including the time of
the making of the said affiiavit by the said
John D. Siebe, as he then and there well knew,
the owner of real property subject to taxation
under the laws of the State of California, and
situated in the City and uounty of San Fran
cisco, State ot California, and that as deponent
is informed and believes, aud alleges upon in:
formation and belief, the said real property
consisted of thirty-three different par
cels of land so situated as aforesaid;
that the said real property at all of such times
was of the full cash value of $600,000 and
more, and deponent, therefore,' alleges that the
said real property was of the value of $600,000
and more; and that at all of said times that it
would have been taken in payment of a just
debt due by the said William T. Wallace for
said amount; and that at all of said times said
John D. Siebe, as such Assessor, well knew that
the cash value of said real property to be the
sum of $600,000 and more ; and then and there
during *U of said times he, said John D. Siebe,
well knew that said real property was the
property of said William T. Wallace, that the
same was subject to assessment by nim for the
purposes of taxation for said fiscal year com
mencing July 1, 1895, and that during all
of said times the same wonld have been
taken in payment of a just debt due from said
William T. Wallace for the sum of $600,000
and over; that, notwithstanding such knowl
edge on hie part, said John D. Siebe. as such
Assessor, knowingly, willfully and corruptly
assessed said real property upon said assess
ment-book for the purposes of taxation for the
fiscal year commencing July 1, 1895, $291,540
instead of at tne sum of $000,000 and more,
its full cash value, and that at the time of the
making of said affidavit by said John D. Siebe,
as hereinbefore set forth, said real property
was listed upon said assessment-book, and was
assessed thereon at the sum of $291,5-10 in
stead of its full cash value of $000,000 and
more, as said John D. Siebe, as such Assessor,
then and there well knew.
That at the time of the making of said affi
davit, as he then and there well knew, said
John D. Siebe had not faithfully complied with
all the duties imposed on him as such Asspsxor
under the revenue laws of the State of Cali
fornia In this: that he had willfully, know
ingly and corruptly failed and neglected to
assess the said real property of the said William
T. Wallace, situated in said City and County of
San Francisco, and subject to taxation and
assessment by him as such Assessor, within
said City and County of San Francisco, for said
fiscal year commencing July 1, 1895, at Its full
cash value; but had knowingly, willfully and
corruptly assessed the same at but the sum of
$291. 040, when its full cash value, as he then
and there well knew, wus $600,000 and more.
That at the time of making the said affidavit
and the taking of said oath, he, Jonn I>. Siebe,
as such Assessor, had, as he then and there
well knew, knowingly, willfully and corruptly
permitted 6aid William T. Wallace to escape a
just and equal assessment upon his said real
property, subject to assessment by him as such
Assessor for the purposes of taxation for the
fiscal year commencing July 1, 1895, shown
by him as such Assessor to said William T.
Wallace in his not assessing the said real prop
erty of the said William T. Wallace at its full
cash value.
Whereby he, said John D. Siebe, did then
and there, at> aforesaid, feloniously, willfully
and corruptly swear falsely and feloniously
and commit willful perjury, contrary to the
form, force and effect of the statute in such
case made and provided, and against the
peace and dignity of the people of the State of
California.
Wherefore, complainant prays that said John
D. Siebe may be arrested and dealt with ac
cording to law.
The Motive of the Arrest.
It is believed that the second arrest of
the Assessor and the bringing in of Judge
Wallace's name was done for the purpose
of preparing the ground for an appeal to
the Supreme Court should the Judge hold
Mr. Siebe to answer for perjury. It will
be urged in that contingency that Judge
Wallace is an interested party, bis own as
sessment being alleged to be in the same
condition as the railroad assessment, and
for that reason he is disqualified from sit
ting in the case.
Judge Wallace would not be interviewed
on the subject last night and denied him
self to the reporters.
COYLE AND WARSZAWIAK
Two Speakers Address the Pres
byterian Ministerial
Union.
The Oakland Divine Finds Many
Faults With Applied Chris
tianity.
Herman Warszawiak, superintendent of
the American Mission to the Jews, who is
on a preaching tour throughout the West,
attended the Presbyterian Ministerial
Union Monday morning and urged the
ministers present to take the evangeliza
tion of the Jews among the needs and
regular work of the churches.
"You cannot do anything nobler,
grander and more opportune than to aid
the Jewish work," he said. "Take this
City of 30,000 Israelites, many of them
prominent men. To my knowledge, there
is the most ungodly condition among the
Jews of this City of any in the United
States. They are littte more than infidels
and have adopted the almighty dollar for
their God. You will meet with great op
position at first, but you will have success
in the end."
The speaker stated that at the mission's
headquarters in New York he had been
requested to take back a letter from each
of the ministerial bodies he had addressed,
and he banded the secretary a letter from
the United Ministerial meeting of Wry
oming, heartily indorsing his labors in
that place.
"A motion with regard to a letter is in
order," said the president. At this point
of the proceedings Rev. Dr. Bovier said
that though they were all tingling with
enthusiasm ,to evangelize the Hebrew
race, they dad met to hear Dr. Coyle speak
and that he ought to be invited to take the
floor without delay.
This suggestion met with such favor
that Herman Warszawiak withdrew with
out his letter.
Dr. Coyle beean a paper on "Applied
Christianity," in the course of which he
expressed little sympathy for what be con
sidered newfangled notions on the subject
of religion. He said: j
"Too much stress is laid#y these people
on surroundings. 'Only improve tae
homes of the poor and give them educa
tional advantages and their uplifting will
be secured,' they say. I believe that the
whole idea that men would be better if
their surroundings are better is dangerous
to society. To teach people that the poor
creatures ol the slums Are hardly responsi
ble for their acts makes them say: 'My
misdeeds are not my fault; they lie at
the door of society.' "
In combating this view of the case Dr.
Coyle said : "All history is on our side
when we say that character does not de
pend on environment It is not true that
Edenic environment can lead men to the
heights and keep them there."
The speaker emphasized this point by
alluding to the fall and the comfortable
environment of Adam ami Eve when they
ate the apple in the Garden of Eden.
"Christ saw that there was but one way
to improve social conditions, and ttiat was
to give men new hearts. In institutes of
applied Christianity the talk is about con
ditions and not about souls."
In the discussion which closed the
meeting the sentiments expressed were all
in favor of Dr. Coyle's paper. Dr. Mac
kenzie said he would have been proud to
have written it.
Congregational Club.
The Congregational Monday Club, which
met Monday morning at the Grand
Hotel, was addressed by Dr. Lucas of
Oakland on the subject of "Prayer as an
Evangelistic Agency." The speaker said
that the churches had fallen into the habit
of depending too much on sermons and
had too much neglected prayer as a means
of errace.
The session closed with a special prayer
tervice.
,^_-^ NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ... ' -
SILKS! SILKS!
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
25,000 YARDS
NOVELTY SILKS
-A.T—
ABOUT '/a REGULAR PRICES!
We will offer to-morrow and follow-
ing days a special purchase of HIGH
NOVELTY SILKS, all new goods and
the very latest designs. These Silks
will be on exhibition in our show win-
dows and will range in prices from
25c to $1,25 per Yard.
Our customers will do well to take
advantage of this offering as the actual
value of the goods is from 75c to $3.00
per yard.
TE!IjEIDE=»3Ea:O3Xr J3 IVLjAJX.N 5777,
. ill, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
SPECIAL OFFERING
OF HIGH-CLASS
TAN ;.
Jlri^ $1-50
DIES' TAN SOUTHERN TIES, hand-turned
so>s, cloth top, stylish needle toe; all sizes
widths— ?l 60. .
j fe^^W ' 51.50
LADIES' TAN OXFORD TIES, hand-turned
soles, cloth or Kid top, needle or narrow square
toes; all sizes and widths— Sl 50.
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY TAN OXFORD
TIES, hand-turned soles, strictly latest style in
« every detail— sl 95.
( J^ raßl^ iiiiS'Vi™^
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building. ) '
' Country orders receive prompt attention.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
______
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-1
ing room, Bedroom and> ©r?*' AA
Kitchen . ... . .......... . . . ) $ I O.UU
Solid Oak Bedroom . Suit, 6) <J»-f n r* A
pieces. Bevel mirror, 22x28) «J)-Ll).Ol/
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) <2*-i X A
and Mahogany Rockers $I.OU
• ' And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases,) CM A A
highly polished. . -./:........ f«p4.UU
And Upward
Fine Parlor Suits, upholstered) C» O X AA
in brocatelle ....:. \ 5>2-O.UU
\ And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) •-t A Pi-c}
Brussels and ■: Ingrains, >«v \jhFi
sewed, laid and lined ) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low pricey Houses
furnished all over the Coast on . easy ■ payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention., • Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland,' Alameda
and Berkeley. Insoectlon' cordially invll3d ■ and
credit extended to all. . "\"
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
' 224, 228; 230 and 'M and 308 V
STOCKTON STREET,
: And 237 POST STREET. it
Telephone, Main 1323. Open Even. n£t
I
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
4ZARNYSI
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINB
X your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled, My »iw»
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. v. . '
PHOTO MOUNT MD CARD M'F'G. CO.
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTTJREBS OF
• PHOTO MOUNTS
CARDS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSING
RAGGED EDQINO, ETC
' ARTISTIC SOUVENIRS
PROORAnnES. nENUS....
LABELS, SHOW CARDS, ETC..
NW. COR, OF CLAY MD SMSOME STS.
§J 9 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD.
i^ini? all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over 20 y ears' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9 to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. ■ Call or address
I>. ItOSCOE McStri/TY, M. ».,
.26)£ Kcarny Street, Han Francisco, Cat.
COSMOPOIjITAIJI,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and IBS Fifth St., 3&tt
iranclsco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. . Board ami room. $1, $1 25 and $1 50 pec
day, according to room. Meals -5c itcoms, £»0a
•nd 760 a day. . Free coach to and from the hotel.
- .Look for. the coach bean Qg the name of the Cot*
mopolltan HoteL WM. FAHKY. ropri»ta>
NOTARY PUBLIC.
fiHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXET-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
i lite Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1820
| FeU su , Telephone.- "Pine" 2591. .
■(■ .'"PATENTS! $
.^4^220 MARKET S.T.SjSfcS^.